Tfala Im the ninth of a nrrlrm
of storlcM hj- A. connn Doyle,
deallnc with the adventures of
the famous* «lrt«-vtlvc, Sherlock
Holmes, up to the time of hla
memorable MtruKgrle for life
upon the Switzerland moun
tain path vrlth the redoubtable
Morlnrltjr. These are the orlsr
lnal Sherlock Holmes stories,
end the ones Trhich made Dr.
Dorjfn fame. They are entire
ly apart from the iceries v»blob
recently appeared In the Sun
day Call entitled "The Return
of Sherlock Holmes."
(Copyright by A. Conan Doyle.)
>*»y HERLOCK HOLMES was a man
X>. who seldom took exercise for exer
v"j cisc's sake. Few men were cap
h*^ able of greater muscular effort,
and h© was undoubtedly one of the
finest boxers of his weight that I have
ever seen, but he looked upon aimless
bodily exertion as a waste of energy, and
he seldom bestirred himself save where
there was some professional object to be
•erved. Then he was absolutely untiring
and indefatigable. That he should have
kept himself In training under such cir
cumstances Is remarkable, but his diet
was usually of the sparest and his habits
were simple to the verge of austerity.
Save for the occasional use of cocaine, he
had no vices, and he only turned to the
drug- as a protest against the monotony
of existence when cases were scanty and
the papers uninteresting.
One day In early spring he had so far
relaxed as to go for a walk with me In
the park, where the first faint shoots of
green were breaking out upon the elms
and the sticky spear-heads of the chest
nuts were Just beginning to burst Into
their five-fold leaves. For two hours we
rambled about together, in silence for the
most part, as befits two men who know
each other intimately. It was nearly S
o'clock before we were back In Baker
street once more.
"Beg pardon, sir," said our page boy as
he opened the door. "There's been a gen
tleman here asking for you, sir."
Holmes glanced reproacnfully at me.
"So much for afternoon walks," said he.
"Has this gentleman gone, then?"
"Yes, sir."
"Didn't ycu ask him in?"
"Yes, sir; he came in."
"How long did he wait?"
"Half an hour, sir. He was a very
restless gentleman, sir, a-walkin' and
a-ftampln' all the time he was here. I
*-«s waitln* outside the door, sir.. and. I
could h'-ar him. At last he out into the
passage, and he cries, 'Is that man never
roln' to come?' Those were his very
words, eir. 'You'll only need to wait a
little lonser,' says I, 'Then I'll wait In
the open air, for I feel half choked,' says
he. 'I'll be back before long.* And with
that he ups and he outs, and all I could
cay wouldn't hold him back."
"Well, well, you did your best." said
Holmes, as .we walked Into our room.
"It's very annoying, though, Watson, I
was badly in need of a case, and this
looks, from the man's Impatience, as if
It wer« of importance. Hullo! that's not
your pise on the table. He must have
left his behind him. A nice old brier with
a rood long stem of what the tobacconists
call amber. I wonder how many real
amber mouthpieces there are In London?
Some people think that a fly in It is a
.sign. "Well, he must have been disturbed
In his mind to leave a pipe behind him
which he evidently values highly."
"How do you know that he values it
highly?" I asked.
"Well, I should put the original cost
ef the pipe at seven and sixpence. Now
It has, you see, been twice mended, once
In the wooden stem and once in the am
ber. Each of these mends, done, as you
observe, with silver bands, must have
cost more than the pipe did originally.
The man must value the pipe highly
when he prefers to patch it up rather
than buy a new one with the same
money."
"Anything else?" I asked, for Holmes
was turning the pipe about In his hand,
and etaring at It in his peculiar pensive
way.
He held it up and tapped on it with bis
long, thin forefinger, as a professor might
who was lecturing on a bone, t
"Pipes are occasionally of extraordi
nary Interest," said he. * "Nothing has
more Individuality, save perhaps watches
and bootlaces. The indications here,
however, are neither very marked nor
very Important. The owner is obviously
a muscular man. left-handed, with an ex
cellent set of teeth, careless in his habits
and with no need to practice economy."
My friend threw out the Information in
a very off-hand way, but I saw that he
cocked his eye at me to see if I had fol
lowed his reasoning.
"You think a man must be well-to-do If
he smokes a seven-shilling pipe," said I.
•This is Grosvenor mixture at eight
pence an ounce," Holmes answered,
knocking a little out on his palm. "As he
might get an excellent smoke for half the
price, he has no need to practice econ
omy."
"And the other points?"
"He has been in the habit of lighting
his pipe at lamps and gas jets. You can
see that it is quite charred all down one
side. Of course a match could not have
done that. Why should a man hold a
match to the side of his pipe? But you
cannot light It at a lamp without getting
the. bowl charred. And it !s> all on the
right side of the pipe. From that I gath
ered that h« Is a left-handed man. You
hold your own pipe to the lamp, and see
how naturally you. being right-handed,
hold the left side to the flame. You might
do It once the other way, but not as" a
constancy. This has always been held so.
Then he has bitten through his ember. It
takes a muscular, energetic fellow, and
one with a rood set of teeth, to do that.
But If I am not mistaken I bear him
upon' the stair, so we shall have some
thins more Interesting than his pipe to
study."
An Instant later our door opened, and a
tall young man entered the room. He
was well but quietly dressed la -a dark
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
The Best of the
Sherlock Holmes Stories.
THE MYSTERY OF THE
YELLOW FACE
gray suit, and carried a brown wide
awake In his hand. I should have put
him at about SO, though he was really
some years older.
"I beg your pardon," said he, with
some embarrassment; "I suppose I should
have knocked. Yes, of course, I should
have knocked. The fact is that I * am' a
iittle upset, and you must put it all down
to that." He passed his hand over his
forehead like a man who is half dazed,
and then fell rather than 6at down upon
a chair.
i'lfcan see that you have not slept for
a night or two." said Holmes, in his easy,
genial way. "That tries a man's nerves
more than' work, and' more even than
pleasure. May I ask how I can help
you?".
."I wanted your advice, sir. I don't
know what. to do, and my whole \ life
seems to havegone to pieces." .
"You wish to employ, me as . a \u25a0= consult
ing detective?" _ . -"-'
"Not that only. I want your opinion
as a judicious man— as a man of the
world. I . want to know what " I ; ought ; to
do next. I hope-to' God you'll; be able
to tell me."
He spoke in little, sharp, Jerky out-,
bursts, and it seemed to me that to speak
at all was very painful to, him,. and that
his will all through' was overriding his
Inclinations.
A . CONAN DOYLE
"It's a -very . delicate 'thing," said jj he.
"One does not like to - apeak of one's do
mestic affairs to strangers. - It seems
dreadful to discuss the conduct of one's
wife with two men whom I; have , never
seen i before. It's horrible to have .to do
it. But I've grot to the? end of , my tether,
and I must -have advice." . . :
•'My dear Mr. Grant , Munro," began
Holmes. 1 .' .\ > \
Our visitor sprang \u25a0 from his , chair.,
"What!" he cried, "you know my name?"
; "If you. wish to -preserve* your, incog
nito," said Holmes smiling, '"l would sug
gest-that-you \u25a0 cease : to rewrite) your; name
upon* the lining of your, hat, 1 or. else that
you : turn {the " crown toward the person
whom . you are \u25a0 addressing: - I was about
to say that.my friend: and I have listened
to .a" good .' many \ strange .secrets j in ; this
room, and ; that we ; have . the" .good
fortune to bring peace 'to many, troubled
souls. I trust that' we may'dojasfmuch"
for : you. i Might . I J^begf you," as (time '."may
prove to be of ; importance, " ; to ! furnish-: me
wlih the facts -of your, case' without, furf
ther delay ?" / V '•: : -:'-: \u25a0'-\u25a0"'-:."\u25a0\u25a0'"•'.\u25a0 r.~::".r .~ : :". \u25a0'-}
-Our visitor', again ';. passed \u25a0/\u25a0'„ his ;'tiand
over his forehead, as if he found ltbltter-^
ly v haf d. : : - From every, gesture and i ex-.
presslori^i could ; s«e that he . was* afre^
served, self-contained ' man, with a \u25a0 dash
of pride in his nature," more likely to bide'
his- wounds .than .to expose them. Then
suddenly, 'with "a fierce gesture of- his
closed • hand;. 1 : like Tone who throws re
serve to ; the >, winds, he began. .1 j '
:"The facta are these, :*Mr: Holmes,".
Gaid he. "I am' a, married ,'man.land
have , been . so .. for ' three , years. During
-that '.time .rriy^wife and I have loved
each other -as fondly and lived as hrip^
pily as any; two that ever were .Joined.
We, have not had a • difference, not one,
in thought or Svord \u25a0 or. deed/ - And . now/
since last' Monday, 'there 'has suddenly
sprung: tip a * barrier, between \ us, \ and
I ." find -{.that \u25a0' there Us \u25a0 something in ', her
life and In * her _i thoughts? of .* which '\ I
know as .little*; as* if). she; ."were*! the' Iwo
man Twho i brushes by .[ me': in the • street.'
.We ' are/ estranged, ; and I ;want 'to ' know
why. 7. f~T -;,;\u25a0* '\u25a0 L- \u25a0 . ?\u25a0;,"'\u25a0> ;': \u25a0-:\u25a0: \u25a0
f."Now^ there is s one* thing .that I want
to.- impress ;upon . you r.before j I igo any
.'further; >;. Mr. s * Holmes.^. Effle .; loves \ me.'
Don't^ let \th'erV<tb'eiany t -',mlBt£k*e 1 jabout
that,Y'>She v UoyesJme'lwlth^her^,whole!
heart-and'soulj-'jind. never, {more than
no^v^lxkn^*3it.|^lvfeel^lt.t?^lL don't.
warit|tofafsu"o|about ,that. ; t~~A?Jman'can
'teli^asjiy'eh'o^uifri^when^
him. ; But there's '; trTei secret between ' us,*:
andwe' can never be^ the- same until- it
laTcleared.".', .-\u25a0\u25a0-.- ;-.,."_ •: ': ' : .'. 7"; '" : ' ; '\u25a0/'\u25a0 ' -
v> "Kindly] let ma 'i have the / facts, : Mr. ;
Munro,' said Holmes, with some impa
tience, v ,V • \u25a0•-\u25a0. •••
"I'll tell, you : what -I know, about'
Eflle's history. She was a. widow. when
I^met -her first, though quiteiyoung-^
only'twenty-flve.; Her name then was-
Mrs: Hebron;; She went out.to America ;
when." she cwasl young, and the^.
town of \u25a0• Atlanta, . where ' she - married ,
this ; Hebron, who .was ' t a lawyer with a
good pfactice.% They, had* onechild, .but;
the yellow ; fever broke : out' badly r in ,
the \u25a0 place • and '\u25a0', both^ husband-rand ' child ';,
died i of 'iti I ; have V seen; his death i cer- ,;
tlflcate/ "This .Sickened her of America,"
and ' stieVcame . back /to \u25a0 live ]'. with« I .a •
maiden aunt "at Pinner,^.; in; Middlesex. r
I ; may men tion < that her^ husband , had
left her > comfortably, off , ;and \u25a0 that 7 she -
had-; a capital ./of fabout !* four", thousand \u25a0
five hundred : poundsV* .which'l had ; been t
sq^ well Yin vested \by " him : that it i re
turried^anyaveraee^of' sevenVper; cent.l.
She had ;"only? beeii six months fat ' Pin
ner "; "when" I - met • her; we ?*f ell r : in": love*
with- 'each* other,- and we married 7 a few;'
weeks' 5 afterward. . \u25a0 v ' '•".] , /.
\ ! '.'I \u25a0am" a hop ; merchant - myself, 'arid - : as- ;
I have an income,.of/Beven/or eight;hun-/j
dredi'-.wc 1 found "ourselves i;"cqmfprtably;iff,'.Z
and »took /a ;comf ortable ., elghty-pound-a- >
year .Villa at; Noirbury.! : Our; little ; place r
was : very countrified, considering, that it -
Is so close to town. We had an Inn and
two houses a little above us. and a single
cottage at the other side of the field
which faces us, and except those there
were no houses until you got half way to
the station. 7 My. business took "me Into
town at certain seasons, but in summer I
had : less , to do, and then [in our country
home my wife and I were Just as happy
as could be wished. I tell you that there
was never a shadow between us until this
accursed affair began.
: 7 "There's ; one thing I ought to ' tell you
before - 1 •go -. further. When we married
my wife" made 'over all her property to
mer-rather ? against) my • will, for I saw
how awkward it 'would 'be if my business
affairs went'.wrocg. 'However, she would
have it so;: and ;' it was done. Well, about
six weeks ago shej came >to°me. ..
:^" : .'J ac J£»''*al^:she,'.'when:J £ »''* aI^: s he,'.'when : you took my
money .you /said > ; that Vif il ever .wanted
any I was to' ask youifor \u25a0 It.'-
r i?/Cerfainly,' < said T I.-: > 'Ity all your'ownJ*
11 !'/T*Vell, f : said -she, 1 *'I want . a hundred
pounds.' \u25a0 '.' , • " .".
"I wasjis .bitVataggered at- this, for I
had t imagined it - was- simply' a new; dress
or something of - the'- kind ; - that she was
after-V^* ;_* \u25a0 . '.-' :~i i "
; ; on earth for?* I asked.
- " *Oh ,' said : , she, to > her . playful = way.
*you sajd that you were i only- my banker.
and bankers never ask questions, 70a
know.' >
" 'If you really mean it, of course you
\u25a0hall have the money,' said I.
- " *Oh, yes; I rea^y mean It."
" 'And you won't tell me what you
want It for?* '
" 'Some day, perhaps, but not Just at
present. Jack.'
"So I had to be content with that,
though it was the. first 4\m» that th*r«
had ever been a secret between us.
gave her a chack, -and I never thought
any mors of the matter. It may have
nothing to do with what cam* after
wards, but -I thought It only rixht to
mention It.
"Well, I told you Juit now that ther* Is
a cottage not far from our nous*. Thera
la Just a field between us, hut to reach It
you have to so along the road and then
turn down a lane. Just beyond It Is a
nice little grove of Scotch firs, and X used
to be very fond of strolling down thare,
for. trees are always neighborly kind of
things. The cottage had been standing
empty this eight months, and It was* a
pity, for It was a pretty two-atoried pl^ca
with an old-fashioned porch and honey
suckle about It. I hays stood many a
time and thought what a neat Uttle hom«
stead it would make.
"Well, last Monday evening I was tak
ing a stroll down that way when I mat
an empty van coming up tha lana and
saw a pile of carpets and things lying
about on the grass plat beside tha porch,
It was clear that the cottage had at last
been let. I walked past it and then, stop
ping as an idle man might. I ran my eye
over it and wondered what sort of folk
they were who bad. coma to live so near
us. And as I looked I suddenly became
awaro that a faco was watching ras out
of one of the upper windows.
**I don't know what there was about
that face. Mr. Holmes, but It seemed to
send a chill right down my back. I was
some littlo way off. so that I could not
make out tha features, but thers was
something, unnatural and inhuman about
the face. That was th« Impression that
I had, and I moved quickly forward to
get a nearer view of tha person who was
watching me. But as I did «o tha faca
\u25a0uddenly disappeared. «o suddenly that It
\u25a0eemed to have been plucked away Into
tha darkness of tha room. I stood for five
minutes thinking tha business over and
trying to analyze my Impressions. I could
not tell if the face were that of a man or
a woman. It had been too far from, ma
for that.' But its color was what had Im
pressed me most.- It was of a livid chalky
white, and with something set and rigid
about It which was shoclAngly unnatural.
So disturbed was I that I determined to
sea a llttla more of the new Inmates of
tha cottaga. - 1 approached and knocked
by a tali,* giunt woman, with a. harsh, far
' bidding 1 faca. . . , . ', /
' "/What may you ba , wantln'T* aha
asked, in a northern accent. - <***
. •* M am your neighbor over, yonder,'.^
said I, nodding toward my house. 'I sco
that. you have only Just moved In, so 1/
thought" that if I could' ba of any help to
you in any—"
'\u25a0 " *Ay. we'll Just ask ya when w» want
ye,* uaid she, and shut the door In my
face. Annoyed at tha churlish rebuff. 1
turned my back and walked horns. All
evening, though I tried to think of other
' things, "my mind would still turn to tha
apparition at tha window and the rudeness
of tha woman. I determined to say noth
ing about the former to my wife, for sh»
is a nervous, highly-strung woman, and
I had no wish that sha should shara tha
unpleasant Impression which had bean
produced upon myself. I remarked to
her, however, before I fall asleep that tha
cottage was now occupied, to which sha
returned no reply.
"I am usually an extremely sound sleep
er. It' has been a standing Jest in the
family that nothing could ever wake me
during the night. And yet somehow on
that particular night, whether it may
have been the slight excitement produced
by my little adventure or not I know not,
but I slept much more lightly than usual.
Half in my dreams I was dimly .conscious
that something was going on In the room,
and gradually became aware that my wife
had dressed herself and was slipping on
her mantle and her_bonnet. My lips were
parted to murmur out some sleepy words
of surprise or remonstrance at this un
timely preparation, when suddenly my
half-opened eyes fell upon her face, il
luminated by the candle light, and aston
ishment held me dumb. She wore an ex
pression *such as I had never seen before
—such as I should have^ thought her In
capable of assuming. *She was deadly
pale and breathing fast, glancing furtive
ly toward the bed as she fastened her
mantle to see if she had disturbed me.
Then, thinking that I was still asleep, sha
noiselessly slipped from the room and an
instant later I heard a sharp creaking,
which could only come from the hinges
of the front door. * I sat up in bed and
rapped my knuckles against the rail to
make. certain that I was truly awake.
Then I took my watch- from under the
pillow. It was, 3 in the morning. What
on this earth qould my wife be doing out
on the country road at 3 in the morning?
•I had sat for about twenty minutes,
turning the thing over in my mind and
trying to find, some possible explana
tion. The more I thought the more ex-,
traordinary and inexplicable did it ap
pear. I was still puzzling over it when
I heard the door gently close again and
her footsteps coming up the stairs.
44 'Where in the world have you been,
Effle?* I asked as sha entered.
"She gave a violent start and a kind
of gasping cry when I spoke, and that
cry and start troubled ma more than
all -the rest, for there was something
indescribably guilty about them. My
wife had always been a woman ot a
frank, open nature, and it gave me a
chill to sea her slinking Into her own
room and cryins out and wincing when
her own husband spoke to her.
'•"You awake. Jack!" she cried, with a
nervous laugh. 'Why. I thought that
nothins could awake you.'
•••Where' have you been?" I asked,
more sternly.
•" 1 don't wonder that you are sur
prised." said she.- and I could see that
her fingers were tremblins as she un
did the fastenings of her mantle. "Why,
I i never remember bavins don* «aca atiling in my life before. The fact is
that I felt as though I were choking
iLiid had a perfect longing for a breath
oi fiesh air. I really think that I
should have fainted if I had not gone
out. I stood at the door for a few min
utes, and now I am quite myself again.'
"All the time that she was telling
me this story she never once looked
in my direction and her voice was quite
unlike her usual tones. It was evident
to me that she was saying what was
talse. J said nothing in reply, but
turned my face to the wall, sick at
heart, with my mind filled with a thou
sand venomous doubts and suspicions.
What was it that my wife was conceal
ing: from me? Where had she been dur
ing that strange expedition? I ft.lt that
J should have no peace until I knew,
and yet I shrank from asking her
again after once she had told me what
was false. All tl.e rest of the night I
to«sed and tumbled, framing theory
after theory, each more unlikely than
the last
"I should have gone to the city that
day. but I was too disturbed in my
mind to be able to pay attention to
business matters. My wife seemed to
be as upset as myself, and I could see
from the little questioning glances
which «he kept shooting at me that she
understood that I disbelieved her
statement and that she was at her wits'
end what to do. We hardly exchanged
a word during breakfast, and immedi
ately afterwards I went out for a walk,
that I might think the matter out in
the fresh morning air.
'T went as far as the Crystal Palace.
Epent an hour in the grounds, and was
back in Norbury by 1 o'clock. It hap
pened that my way took me past the
cottage, and I stopped for an instant
to look at the windows, and to see if
I could catch a glimpse of the strange
face which had looked out at me on
the day before. As I stood there,
Imagine my surprise, Mr. Holmes, when
the door suddenly opened and my wife
walked out.
"I was struck dumb with astonish
ment at the sight of her; but my emo
tions were nothing to those which
showed themselves upon her face when
our eyes met. She seemed for an In
rtant to wish to shrink back Inside
the house again; and then, seeing how
useless all concealment must "be, she
came forward with a very -white face
and frightened eyes which belied the
smile upon her lips.
" 'Ah, Jack,' she said, 'I have just
been in to see if I can be of any as
sistance to our new neighbors. "Why
do you look at me like that, Jack?
You are not angry, with me?*
"'So.' said I, "this is where^ou went
during the night.'
"'What do you mean?* she cried.
""You came here. I am sure of it.
Who are these people that you should
visit them at euch an hour?'
•" "1 have not been here before.'
" 'How can you tell me what you
know is false?' I cried. 'Your .very
voice changes as you speak. When
have I ever had a sceret from you?
I shall enter that cottage and I shall
probe the matter to the bottom.'
"'No. no. Jac^ for God's sake!" she
sasped. in incontrollable emotion. Then,
as I approached the door, she seized my
sle— .e and pulled me back with convul
rive strength.
" 'I implore you not to do this, Jack.'
she cried. I swear that I will tell you
everything some day, but nothing but
misery can come of it If you enter that
cottage.' Then, as I tried to shake her
off, she clung to me in a frenzy of en
treaty.
"•TniEt me. Jackl' she cried. "Trust
me only this once. You will never have
cause to regret It.. You know that I
v.-ould not have a secret from yofr if it
were not for your own cake. Our whole
lives are at, stake In this. If you come
MARGARET E. SANGSTER'S TALKS
You May Cultivate Character by Doing' the
Lessons You Don't Like.
How School-GlrU May Become Inter
esting Women — Dorothy Enjoy* Eng
lish but Hates Mathematics — The
Girl Who Xfver Can Remember — The
Girl Who Cnn't Rca*on — How One
Mls« Acquired n Foreign Vocabulary
—School Prizes— lf You've Too Many
Studies, Drop the Ones You Like.
_____
(Copyright, 1905, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
s~y OME girls dislike all lessons.
y^ They would shed no tears If they
V*J never again had to memorize or
N— * recite — If lessons were left
wholly out of their calendar
from th's time onward. Is. hope you do
not belong to their company^ or that
If you do, you will make haste to
leave it. :;- :
There was Molly Sue, a girl I knew
when she was 16, pretty, soft-man
nered, sweet-voiced, but, oh! bo lazy!
She drifted through successive schools
without learning anything, always
playing: the role of a good-natured, Ir
responsible shirk. Her kittenish ways
and dainty sweetness won her far too
many excuses from her teacher, and
among her friends the feeling was
well expressed by an artist, ivho said:
"Molly Sue does not need to know any
thing. It is quite enough to look at
her, as one looks at a perfect flower."
But Molly Sue did not stay 16. She
grew out of girlhood, as you will, too.
and after a while people forgot to no
tice her when she was in the room
with those who had brains and ideas.
The perfect beauty faded.' She became
a'withered rose. The vacant mind was
Sike a dusty lumber-room full of rub
bish. It was all the greater pity, for
If somebody had taken Molly Sue by
the shoulder- and shaken* her out of
her Jr.dolenee when she was a school
girl, she might have grown up an In
teresting woman.
It is your poslMve duty, dear girl, to
so train mind, heart, will and disposi
tion that you shall be neither stupid.
r.'My, Ir.s'p'.d nor tedious when you are
cider. An irifrest.'ns woman, clever, en
thusiastic, keen >md responsive, is more
to be desired than a beautiful woman;
rrd Is. more attractive in tier home. She
nil; more deeply Impress society.
Of course this girl was an fxecption.
Uos-t girls conquer their Inertia and study
after a fashion; fortunately most girls
iiavc a share of common tense. Eve i
home with me, all will be well. If you
force your way into that cottage, all is
over between us.*
" 'There was such earnestness, such
despair in her manner that her words ar
rested me, and I stood irresolute before
the .door.
" 'I.will trust you on one condition, and
on one condition only,' said i at last. Tt
is that this mystery comes .to an end
from now. You are at liberty to pre
serve your secret, but you must promise
me that there shall be no "more nightly
visits, no more doings which are kept
from my knowledge. I am willing to for
get those which are passed if yoir* will
promise that there shall be no more in
the future." ...
"'I was sure that you would trust me.'
she cried, with a great sigh of relief. 'It
shall be Just as you wish. Come away—
oh, come away up to the house.' .
"Still pulling up my sleeve, she led-rae
away from the cottage. As we went I
glanced back, and there was that yellow
livid face watching us out of the upper
window. What link could there be be
tween that creature and my. wife? Or
how could- the coarse, rough woman
whom I had seen the day before be con
nected with her? It was a strange puz
zle, and yet I knew that my mind could
never know ease again until I had solved
it. •
"For ,two days after this I stayed at
home, and my wife appeared to abide
loyally by our engagement, for, as far
as I know, she never stirred out of the
house. On the third day, however. I had
ample evidence that her solemn promise
was not enough to hold her back from
this secret influence which drew her
away from her husband and her duty.
"I had gone into town on that day, but
I returned by the 2:40 train Instead of the
3:36, which is my usual train. As I
entered the house the maid ran into the
hall with a startled face.
"'Where Is your mlstresar I asked.
" 'I think that she has gone out for a
walk,' she answered.
"My mind was instantly filled with sus
picion. I rushed upstairs to make sure
that she was not in the house. As I did
so I happened to glance out of one of the
upper windows and saw the maid with
whom I had just been speaking running
across the field in the direction of the
cottage. Then, of course, I saw exactly
what it all meant. My wife had gone
over there and 'had asked the servant to
call her If I should return. Tingling with
anger, I rushed down and hurtled across,
.determined • to end the. matter once and
forever. I saw my wife and the maid
hurrying back along the lane, but I did
not stop to speak with them. In the
cottage lay the secret which was casting
a shadow over my life. I vowed that,
come what might, it should be a secret
no longer. I did not even knock when I
reached it, but turned the handle and
rushed Into the passage.
"It was all still and quiet upon the
ground floor. In the kitchen- a kettle was
singing on the fire and a large black cat
lay coiled up in the basket; but there was
no sign of the woman whom I had seen
before. I ran Into the other room, .but It
was equally deserted. Then I rushed up
the stairs; only to find two other rooms
empty and deserted at the top. There was
no one at all in the whole house. The
furniture and pictures were of the most
common and vulgar description, save In
the one chamber at the window of which
I had seen the. strange face. That was
comfortable and elegant, and. all my sus
picions rose Into -a filerce, . bitter flame
when I saw that on the . mantlepiece
stood a copy of a.fuU-length;photograph
of my wife, 1 which' had. been taken at. my
request' only three; months. j ago. .^ ; . \u0084
"I stayed' lorig k enbugh- to make certain
that "the -house was absolutely empty.
.Then'l- left it,, feeling a" weight at my
heart 'such as I had- never had before.
My wife' came out Into the hall as I en
tered my house; but I was too hurt and
angry to speak with her, and ' pushing
reluctantly acquired knowledge Is better
than none at all.
What I want to urge upon you Is to put
the emphasis of your efforts on the
studies you don't like. We all have
studies we love, and it is easy to pursue
them. For instance, Dorothy, who en-
Joys her English work, finds no difficulty
In keeping at the head of .her class, bit
when the question is of mathematics she
gropes about In the dark. If you will
glance over your classmates, you will
have no trouble In picking out a half
dozen Dorothys. Some of them come out
splendidly In history and axe dull in
physics; some shine In Latin, and cannot
tackle the simplest algebraic problem.
The point lor every such girl, don't you
think, is to spend strength and time and
really hard work on the bosk, the sub
ject, the situation, that she has no partic
ular aptitude for? The tnings one likes
one acquires without painstaking, but It
is painstaking that rewards one in the
end.
I don't think there is a pleasure In the
world that can be compared with an hon
est Joy In conquering a difficult task. It
is by hard work over what one docs not
enjoy that one gains that mastery of the
will and facility of the mind that make
the true distinction between, the educated
and the uneducated person. Natural
cleverness Is a good quality. But a better
one Is downright, sturdy, dogged perse
verance,' that never lets go, once it has
started on any line of work.
A schoolgirl should take stock of her
own capacity. > There is an old story of
a preceptress who wrote to the rich par
ent of a very dull pupil that his daugh
ter lacked capacity. "Buy. her one im
mediately," telegraphed the man of af
fairs. Ales! gold cannot buy capacity.
No outsider can give It you. But you
can buy It for yourself. -
You, Edith, who complain that you can
not remember that what you learn to-day
Is forgotten, to-morrow, may change all
that, if you will give your attention to
one thing at a time, and let nobody dis
turb you. Some girls are scatter-brained.
Don't be like them. Fix your, mind j>n a
single word, a single sentence, a single
paragraph, and compel it to understand
that ami to remember It. Memory is a
slave to those who. know how to com
mand it and make it obey.
You, Rosamond, who have no trouole
about memorizing, but whuse hardship
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
past her I made my way Into ray study.
She tollowed me, however, before I could
close the door. . •
"'I am sorry that I broke my jtep.mise,
but if you .were aoquaint#d trttji the
circumstances I am sure tb*t yott would
forgive me.'
" 'Tell me everything.; then,' \u25a0vtd L \
" 'I cannot, Jack, I cannot,' sh* cried.
"'Until you tell me who It is that has
been living In that cottage, and who.; It
is to whom • you have given" that photo
graph, there can never be any confidence
between us,' said I, and breaking away
from her I left the house. That was yes
terday, Jlr. Holmes, and I have not seen
her since, nor do a know anything more
about this strange business. It is the first
shadow that has come between us, and
it has so shaken me that I do not know
what I should do for the best. Suddenly
this morning it occurred to me that you
were a man to advise me, "so ; I have
hurried toyou now. and I place myself
unreservedly in your, hands. ,j.lf there is
any point which I have not 'made clear,
pray question me \ about it.; But, above
all. telLme quickly what I anv 4 to ! do, for
this misery ismore than I ciri'bear."
Holmes and I had listened with the ut
most interest to this extraordinary state
ment, j which had been delivered In the
Jerky,-' broken fashion,' of a \ man who is
under the Influence of extreme emotion.
My companion Bat silent I now for some
time, with his chin upon his hand, lost
in thought. ,
"Tell me," he said at last, "could you
swear that this was a man's -face which
you saw at- the' window?" /• :*: * " "
"Each. time that I saw it I was some
distance away from it.- so that it Is Ira
possible for me "to say." :
"You appear,- however, to have been
disagreeably Impressed by it." .;
"It seemed to be of an unnatural color,
and to have a strange rigidity about the
features. 'When I approached it van
ished with a: jerk." -\u25a0;..*.
"How long is ;it since your wife asked
you for a hundred pounds?" ''\u25a0\u25a0
"Nearly two months."
"Have you ever seen a photograph of
her first husband?" • '..
"No; there, was, a great -fire at Atlanta
very shortly after his death, and all her
papers were destroyed." • ;
"And yet she had a certificate of death.
You say that you saw.it." .
"Yes;' she got V duplicate after ; the
lire." : I; r
Did you ever meet any one who knew
her in America?"
"No."- .. '\u25a0-
"Did: she ever talk of revisiting the
place?"
"No."
"Or get letters from it?"
• "No." -\ . \u25a0• \u25a0 v-- \u25a0 ;-.
"Thank you. • I, should .like to think
over the matter a little now; ' If the cot
tage Is now permanently .deserted we
may have some difficulty. If, on the other
hand, as I fancy Is more 'likely, the in
mates were warned of your coming, and
left before you entered yesterday, then
they may be back now, and we should
clear it all up easily. Let me advise you.
then, to return to Norbury, and to ex
amine the windows of the. cottage again.,
If you have reason to believe that it is
Inhabited, do not force 'your way in, but
send a wire to my friend and me. We
shall, be with you within an hour of re
ceiving It, and we shall then , very soon
get to the bottom of the business." *
"And if it is still empty?"
"In. that case I shall come out to-mor
row and talk It over with you. Good-by;
and, above all, do not fret until you know
that you really, have a cause. for It"
, "I am ; afraid that; _thls\ls avbadi busi-;
ness, WaiHon,". said ray^corhpinlon,"as,be"
returned Rafter accompanying >Mr. Grants
MuhroVt'a the door. "What do" you make
of It?" \u25a0 ' ..\u25a0 -'• ," \u25a0' :'\u25a0/[ -.
''It had an ugly. Sound/Vi answered.
"Yes. There's blackmail in it, or lam
much mistaken."
"And who is the blackmailer?".
~ s' ' \u25a0'- \u25a0-\u25a0
is that you cannot reason, that you do
not see into things clearly, must take the
came prescription. Be contented if you
do not make very rapid progress, but
concentrate your thoughts on the thing
In hand. "Nothing can stand before the
day's work," said a great teacher. Each
day's work, carefully done, tells wonder
fully on the work of a month or a term.
This Is what happens to you, my dear
girl, whoever you are. It has happened
.to me many a time, so I know whereof I
speak. Never mind the locaJity; a girl In
the district school In the woods, a girl
in a town, a girl with every appliance,
or a gif 1 with few helps may have the
same experience. You tug along daunt
lessly. It is uphill work. You slip back
sometimes, but you plant your feet again
firmly, and; take a new start. You gain
a little ground to-day; a little more to
morrow. Suddenly you can't explain how
or why, the difficulties vanish, the husk
of trouble falls away, and out comes the
perfect flower, white, fragrant, satisfy
ing. You could not see yesterday, but you
see to-day. You had no vocabulary last
week, but words crowd on you now.
A girl I know was studying a new lan
guage. She kept walling over and over:
"I have no words. 1 have no words.. I
have to find out every word I want in
the- lexicon. It is an endless task. I
shall never understand, never catch up."
All at once words began: meeting her
with friendly faces. They were no longer
strangers. She knew their inflections,
their cadences; the vocabulary of another
language was her own. Hard work, had
brought its reward. "Never" is a word
to be turned away from one's door. There
need be no such word.^ .
School hours and prizes are worth striv
ing for. ; The girl who can win her teach
er's approval Js always enviable. "But
on the whole, 'the duir girl who wins It
with effort is more enviable than > the
bright one" who did not try hard. And
I believe that it is much more pleasant
to have the full approval of one's per
.sonar eonsclepce, to : know that, let hap
pen what may, one has done one's very
best,' than to carry off marks and medals
and certificates. " ,
Some of you are handicapped by hav
ing too many studies at^one and the
same time. It is unwise to attempt . too
much: M the class work includes more
letsona than you can assimilate., ask to
have some of them dropped. Teacher 3
are willing to aid. an earnest' pupil who 1
Is doing what she can to overcome: her
own deficiencies. But if you drop some
thing, let, it be the thing you am fond
of, not the thing you dislike.: The study
you rare for may be taken up. at any
time in the future. The other must be'
faced and conquered now, or it will never
give you the joy. of victory. , .
\u0084 "Well, it.'musf be- the.; creature . who
lives in the qnly comfortable room in the
place, and has her photograph above . his
fireplace. Upon my word, Watson; there
is something; very | attractive about ,tnat
livid face at the window, and I, would not
have missed the case for, worlds.",
"You have a theory?' ...
"Yes, a- provisional one. But I. shall
be surprised if it; does not turn out
to be correct. This woman's first hus
band is in that cottage.!'- . \u25a0 •-. V\
"Why do you think so?"' V « '
"How else. can we explain her fren
zied anxiety that her second one should
not enter it? The facts as I read them
are something like this: -This, woman
was married In America. Her husband
developed some hateful qualities; or
shall we say that he contracted some
loathsome disease, and became a leper
or an Imbecile? She flies fro"m him at
last, returns to England, changes her
name and starts her life, as she thinks,
afresh. She has been married three
years and believes that her position: is
quite secure, having shown her hus
band the death certificate of some man
whose name she has assumed, when
suddenly her' wherabouts Is discovered
by her first husband; or, we may sup
pose,*by' some unscrupulous woman
who has attached herself to the in
valid. ' They write to the wife and
threaten to come and expose her. She
asks for. a hunded pounds and en
deavors to buy them off. They come
In sslte of it, and when the husband
mentions casually „toy„ to y the wife that
there are newcomers In the cottage,
she knows in some way that they are
her pursuers.' She waits until her hus
band is asleep, and then she rushes
down to ; endeavor to persuade them to
leave her in peace. Having no success,
she goes again next morning, and her
husband meets her, as he has told us,
as' she comes out. She promises him
then not to go there again, but two
days afterward the hope of getting
rid of : -those dreadful neighbors was
too strbng/for her, and she made an
other attempt, taking down with her
the photograph which had probably
been demanded from her. In the midst
of this interview the maid rushed in
to say that the master had come home,
on which the wife, knowing, that he
would come straight I'down to the cot
tage,: hurried ,'the Inmates out at the
back door, into: the grove of fir trees,
probably, : which , was .. mentioned as
standing near. /.; In this way he found'
the place deserted,' :I shall, be very
much surprised, h6wever.-if.it is still
bo' when he tecpnnoiters In this even-,
ing. What do you think of. my theory?"
"It is all surmise." ' ." ; ' : . ; r
"But at^ least it covers'aU the fa*ts..
When "new facts, come: to. our knowl
edge which cannot be covered by It it
will be time- enough i' to;, reconsider It.
We can do nothing more untll : we ) have
a . message from our -friend" at'Nor
bury." > . *-.. ': • ; / ; ' ; "... .
But we had not: a very long time to
wait for that.. It came, just as we had
finished our tea. ."The' cottage,- is still
tenanted," it said. "Have Been* the face
again at the window. WIU meet the 7
o'clock train, and will take no 'steps
until you arrive."" , . ;
He was waiting 'on the platform
when we stepped out. and' we could see
in the light of -.the "station 'lamps that
he was very pale, .and quivering with
agitation. / , < ': •'.••' ' •
"They are ! »till. there, Mr. Holmej,"
said he, laying his hand hard. upon ray.
friend'B sleeve. "I' saw ' lights .in the
cottage as I 'cam«-down._ .We shall set
tle, it now once,jand,foi\ all." ••'\u0084\u25a0, ,\u25a0 \u25a0*• £*
--.• "Wriat ? is 'your, 'plan^then?" 'asked;-
Holmes; as, he. walked down the dark'
tree-lined road.*'. '.. \ •!'"'.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '; \u25a0: \ ,--
V'l;am going to force -my way In and.
see for myself who is in the house. -I '
wish' you both to be there as • wit-,
nesses." --. . • . .-. » : "•. l' : /.\.'v
On the Art 6f Writing Compositions— A
Beneficial Exercise for Girls*
School Girls \u25a0 Should Write on Subject*
Tbat Interest Them— -.Vevcr Write v »
Historical Composition With a Book
Before Yon— Take . Notes— Avoid a
Long Introduction — An Abstract, of ft
Book Should Tell of Most Entertain
ing Charm-tern — Letter-Writing Help's
' Composition- Writing, . '
(Copyright, 1905, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
KE day In the early summer 'It
Owas my good fortune to be in
vited to; what was called "A
Composition Reading" in a girls'
school of high character and
wide reputation.' It was a pretty sight
that' greeted my eyes. The girls of all
ages, from 10 to IS, were dressed in
white, and their sweet faces and lovely
manners entitled them to be called, if
ever girls deserved the name, winsome
schoolgirls., \-'-- 7-<7 -<
The programme of the morning in
cluded essays in English composition,
written by members »of every class in
the ; school, from the lowest . to the
highest. There was great variety, both
in subjects and in treatment. Full play
was given to originality, and no two
compositions were alike. The teacher
who! had charge of the worki told ;me
that so far from disliking to write, the
girls loved the exercise, and that her
classes were the most popular in the
curriculum,
- 1 don't know.- how 'It may seem to
the girls whom* l am talking" with to
day. 'They "may enjoy, writing compo
sitions or they may dread and dislike
this part of school duty. ' It depend*
a good deal on the way one begins,
whether one likes or dislikes anything.
If one Is called upon to write a. com
position ,on a' topic which: does not in
terest her, and which she knows abso
lutely nothing about, ; she.- cannot ex
pect to find v much fun or . much inter
est in so dry a task. * The important
thing' is to have something to say.
Composition is the art of having some
thing to say, and saying it- agreoably,
with, due 'regard to the rules of , good
English. ";:
If one wishes to excel In thisbranch
of education one must first of all bo
willing •to? (take great pains. If i
were teachings group of gh-Js I: would;
say.' "Write your theme at the top or.
your page,* then stop and ask yourself
what' you- know about it." If you are
\u25a0 ."You are quite determined to do this,
in' spite~of your wife's warning that It
isibetter that you 'should not solve the
mystery?"
"Yes, I am determined."
"Well, I think that you. are In the
right." Any truth is better than in
definite doubt.* We had better go up
at . once.;." Of course, legally, we are
putting ourselves hopelessly in the
wrong, but. l think it i|3. worth it." *•
.It was a very, dark night and a thin
rain began to fall as wo turned from
the high road into a narrow lane, deep
ly rutted, with hedges on either side.
Mr. Grant Munro pushed i impatiently
forward, . however, and we stumbled
after . him as best we could. -
"There are the lights of my house,"
he murmured, pointing to. a glimmer
among the trees. "And here is the cot
tage which I am going to enter."
"We turned a curner in the lane as
he spoke, and there was the building
close beside us. A yellow bar falling
across the black foreground showed
that the door was not quite closed, and
one window in the upper, story was
brightly illuminated. As we looked wo
saw a. dark blur moving across the
blind. . .
-'"There Is that creature!" cried Grant
Munro. "You can see for . yourselves
that some one is there. Now follow
me and we shall soon know all."
We approached the door, but sudden
ly a woman appeared out of the shadow
and. stood in the golden, track, of the
lamplight. I could not see her face
In the darkness, but her arms were
thrown out in an attitude of entreaty.
"For God's sake, don't, Jack!" she
cried. "I had a presentiment that you
would come this evening. Think bet
ter of, it, dear! Trust me again, and
you will never have cause to regret it."
"I have trusted you too long, Eflle,"
he cried sternly. "Leave go of me. I
must pass you. My friends and I are
going to settle this matter once and
forever!" He pushed her to one side
and we followed closely after him. As
he threw the door open an old woman
ran out in front of him and tried to
bar his passage, but he thrust 'her back,
and an instant afterward we were -all
upon the stairs. Grant Munro rushed
into the lighted room at the top and we
entered at his heels.
- It was a cozy, well-furnished apart
ment, with two candles burning upon
the table and two upon the mantel
piece. In the corner, stooping over a
desk, there sat what appeared to be a
little girl. Her face was turned away
as we; entered, but we could see that
she was dressed In a red frock and that
she had long white gloves oni As she
whisked to us I gave a cry- of
surprise and horror.' ;The face .which
she -turned toward us was of -the
strangest livid tint and the . features
were absolutely devoid of any expres
sion. An Instant later the mystery' was"
explained. . Holmes, .with a : laugh,
passed his hand behind, the child's ear,
a mask peeled off from her countenance
and ; there -wtas a little coal-black
negress. with all her white teeth flash-
Ing in. amusement at our -amazed faces.
I burst out laughing, out of sympathy
with her merriment; but Grant -Munro'
stood staring, with hand. clutching his
throat. . . ... - •
"Aiy <sod!":he cried. ."What can be the
meaninjr of this?"., • .•
."I will tell you : the meaning of It," cried
the lady, sweeping into the room with a
proud, set* face. ; "You have forced me,
against my -own judgment, to tell you,
and now we 'must both maxe the best of
It.. My. husband, died at Atlanta. My
child survived." -•"\u25a0/•"
/. '.'Your chilu?" • .'••
r,She drew a large silver locket from her
bosom. "You have never seen this open."
' "I understood that it die not open."
' She touched a spring and the front
hinged back. There was a portrait within
to. write the story, of a Journey, go
back in memory to the day you started
and tell": in an orderly fashion the vari
ous steps, you , took, by what* train or
boat you traveled, what incidents ar
rested your attention on the way and
how you were impressed whenyou,ar
rived at your destination. . _vi
.Thefe are people who go through the
world as if they had no ", eyes. . They
see little because they do not look.
The one who looks around her will
find interesting incidents in the short
est walk, or drive, or trip by train.
In describing: a place or. a jaunt there
is this to be remembered, that you
wish to fix the emphasis on the strong
est points and slide over without men
tion little details that are simply com
monplace. For Instance, it is not
necessary to say that the conductor
came through the train and took up
the tickets. As everybody knows,
conductors always do this. But If
you had an experience that I once had.
on a leisurely train, in .a Southern
State, when the conductor signaled the
engineer while. 'some of the lady pas
sengers went out of the cars and gath
ered .flowers by ' the roadside, you
might tell about it. In other, words,
tell of the unusual, not of the ordinary.
If your composition is to be historical,
and its central figure is one of the coun
try's men of renown; as, for. instance,
George .Washington, Robert E. Lee, or
some other man whose deeds have passed
into history, you would best read what
you can find about the man and his pe
riod. On no account write your composi
tion with the book you have read before
you. As you read make notes, if you
choose, ho that you may be accurate
when you mention a place or a date, but
put wholly aside before you" begin to^
write the volume you have been consult
ing;. I You wish to wrlteyour composition
in jour own words, hot lri the wcrds of
an author whose- volumes arc in the
library. Do not waste time in a long. in-;
troduction. Besln af'tne beginning, tell
where ,, J your hero was : er;i, *vbere he at
tended school and what happened abcut
the time' that he entered public , lite. This,
is not, difficult in the case of the Father
of Hie Country, and; every; American '&\r\
bhopkl.be so familiar with his life that
she can ; write. ii creditable composltionon
George Washington.
Perhaps yuur leather u wiM ask- you to
of a man strikingly handsome and intelli
gent looking, but bearing unmistakable
signs upon his features or his African
"-That Is John Hebron of Atlanta/V said
the lady, "and a nobler man never walked
the earth. I cut myself off from my race
in order to wed him. but never once while
he lived did I for an instant «««'"•. .*}
was .our misfortune that our only cWW
took after his people rather than mge.
It is often so In such matches, and little
Lucy is darker far than ever her l*™**
was. But dark or fair, she is my own
d*ar little girlie and her mothers P«^
The little creature ran across at tne
words and nestled up against the lady s
dress. "When I left her m America,
she continued. 'It was only because ncr
health was weak and the change ml «^
have done her harm. She was given io
the care of a faithful Scotch woman, wno
had once been our servant. Never for an
instant did I dream of disowning her as
my child. But when chance threw you
In my way. Jack, I learned to love you.
I feared to tell you about my child God
forgive me. I feared that I should lose
you. I had not the courage to
you. I had to choose between you and n
my weakness I turned away from my own
little girl. For three years I have_ kept
her existence a secret from you. but i
heard from the nurse and I knew tnai
all was well with her. At last, however,
there came an overwhelming desire to
see the child once more. I struggled
against it, but in vain. Though I knew
the danger, I determined to have the
child over, if It were but for a faw weeks.
I sent a hundred pounds to the nurse and
I gave her instructions about this cot
tage so that she might come as a neigh
bor, without my appearing to be In any
way connected with her.
"I pushed my precautions so far as to
order her to keep the child In the house
during the daytime and to cover up her
little face and hands so that even those
who might see her at the window should
not gossip about there being a black child
in the neighborhood. If I had been less
cautious I might have been more wise, but
I was half-crazy with fear that you
should learn the truth.
"It was you who told me first that the
cottage was occupied. I should have
waited for the morning, but I could not
sleep for excitement, and so at last I
slipped out, knowing how difficult it is to
awaken you. But you saw me go, and
that was the beginning of my troubles.
Next day you had my secret at your mer
cy, but you nobly refrained from pursu
ing your advantage. Three days later,
however, the nurse and child only just
escaped from the back door as you rushed
in at the front one. And now to-night
you at last know all. and I ask you what
is to become of us— my child and me?"
She clasped her hands and waited for an
answer.
It was a long ten minutes before Grant
Munro broke the silence, and when his
answer came it was one of which I love
to think. He lifted the little child, kissed
her and then, still carrying her. toe held
bis other hand out to his wife and turned
toward the door.
"We" caa talk it over more comfortably
at hpme," said he. "I am not- a very good
man. Effle, but I think that I am a better
one than you have given me credit for
being."
Holmes and I followed them down the
lane, and my friend plucked at my sleeve
as we came out. ";.\u25a0**
"I think." said he, "that we shall be of
more use in London than In Norbury."
Not another word did he say of the case
until late that night, when he was turn-
Ing away, with his lighted candle, for his
bedroom;- \u25a0\u25a0•
"Watson," said he. "If It should ever
strike you that I am getting a little over
confident In my powers, or giving less
pains to a case than it deserves, kindly
whisper 'Norbury' In my ear. and I shall
be infinitely obliged to you."
make an abstract of an Interesting book
which you have lately read. Here, again,
ask yourself what pleased you most in
the, book or the story, and^whlch of the
characters* was the most .entertaining.
Try to tell the story briefly, taking from
it the important points and omitting
much of the conversation and the minor
episodes. One of the most prominent
American authors, a man whose name la
famous wherever English is spoken, put*
the entire substance of a long novel into
three pages of note paper before he be
gins to write his book. If an author can
do this in composing the framework of a
novel, a school : girl writing about the
book.' when she has read It, may learn
how to sketch the story the same way.
Doing this gives splendid pratlce in writ
ing English.,. '"'
Your composition may take for Its sub
jrct an act'in one of Shakespeare's plays,
or it may weave Itself around a text of
Scripture, or- a sentiment from poetry.
Whatever the subject, sit down before it
and gaze at it until it takes shape in
>our mind, and "your thoughts begin to
answer it, as the key on the piano re
sponds to the touch of your finger.
• .• \u25a0 • • • •
Every schoolgirl should learn how to
write a letter. A business letter should
be straightforward and lucid, telling pre
cisely what one wants, in the fewest
words. A letter written to the home peo
ple, when one is absent, should be very
much like, a pleasant bit of talk. It
should not take for granted-that the ab
sent know, all that is going on: it should
tell" them every trifle. Above all. It
should answer any questions they may
have put in letters they have sent.
In old times, there were pet phrases
with which people began their letters.
Ruch as: "I -take my pen In hand to
write a few lines," or "Having a half
hour to spare this afternoon. I thought
I could not spend It better than In writ
ing to you." etc.' These phrases have
quite gone out. and are not at all neces
sary. Begin your letter as you would
your composition, at the beginning. Let
your letter represent you. Use the same
words. you«would if you were sitting face
to face with you* correspondent.
• No. girl will ever excel In writing com-,
positions who is not fond of reading
good books. The more one reads, the bet
ter one will write. As we read, words
and sentences; form themselves into part
of the . furnitute of the mind. • A good
stylets gained, not so much by constant
writing, as .by thoughtful reading. Read
the books, you like. ' Read books that
have to do with -what you are studying.
Read .Tennyson .and Shakespeare," and
Longfellow and Emerson.
Time spent over good books will be well
rprnt tt'mc for : girls who. lung to write
cleverly and forcibly.THE contest over the codicil of the
will of the late Samuel Davis baa
• brought to San Francisco the dean
in the East of handwriting experts.
Colonel Edwin B. Hay of Washington City,
whose fame has spread far and wide, and
S^ho is known in his peculiar art
frora ocean to ocean, at home and
abroad. Being at the capital of
the nation. his opinion has been
sought !n all departments of the Govern
ment wherein questioned documents have
been the Issue; and In the noted cases at
court he has been called to assist Judge
and Jury in forming opinions upon both
Fpurious and genuine writings: 6O that
his advent upon the coast is a matter of
some concern to those Interested in the
subject of the comparison of handwriting
from a scientific standpoint.
CoJonel Hay's experience, extending over
a quarter of a century, very naturally
would bring to one of keen observation
as he possesses many interesting inci
dents wherein his art applies.
In the year 1877. when Simon Cameron
was at the zenith of his political glory
«s the leader of his party in the State of
Pennsylvania, being its senior Senator, he
occupied the position of a central figure in
the United States Senate, having been
also the first Secretary of War in the
great Cabinet of Abraham Lincoln. He
was brought into the brilliancy of a new
light of notoriety when one Mary Oliver
began a suit against him for breach of
promise. His Immense wealth, public po
sition, good reputation and high standing
ms.de him a shining mark for the arrows
of any assailant of his character along
any line of attack. Whetner he had in
the mellow maturity of his age yielded
to the subtle blandishments of fair wom
en under the cloak of fascination made by
stolen Eweets was a subject that caused
the social and political world of those
times to put on its thinking cap, and very
naturally the name of the venerable Sen
ator was upon the lips of every scholar
in the school for scandal and was tossed
about for the time being- unmercifully
upon the vacillating sea of politics in
both parties at the national capital and
in his own big State. The Senator with
a feeling of indignation quickly siid:
"Not one cent for tribute, but millions for
defense!" He made no offering to soothe
Mary's bleeding heart. "Blackmail!" was
the word he used. General Butler, the
. sio s t hated relic of the war In the South,
the most popular politician in Mas.=a
chusets and the most astute and able
lawyer of his time, was the senior coun
sel to defend the Senator in the cause, •
which was tried In the Supreme Court
of the District of Columbia, It was the
most noted trial of those days, second
only to the famous Sickles trial, where
the well known general was arraigned for
killing Philip Barton Key, and the trial
of the Surratt conspirators for the as
sassination of our beloved Lincoln, which
trials were held in the same court. Mary
Oliver based her cause upon a letter,
which she claimed was written by Camer
on, In which he. It is alleged, said "will
you be by wife?" The question, therefore,
turned, as in the Sharon case, the Fair
will case and the Samuel Davis codicil,
upon the question of handwriting.
„ Such cases had not been numerous
theretofore, hence It attracted general
attention, and the journals of all the
' large dtle* In the East made the un
usual detail of special reporters,' no that
verbatim reports of the testimony were
given to the country every day. Colonel
Hay was the expert witness who declared
tb» letter of proposal to be a forgery,
kwslch opinion, after several weeks' trial,
was corroborates by the jury. In the
comparison, upon the witness stand, when
he was explaining the differences . in the -
styles of' handwriting, he commented
upon the fine, the bold, the round and
the running hand, stating the difference
usually to be observed in concise, hasty
and carelsss or careful methods of writ-
Ing; stating that, apart from social and
personal letter, the business hand
was generally a free, running hand. The
cross-examiner, the counsel for ' Mary
Oliver, Judge Peter of Maryland, in the
vehemence of overjoyed excitement, hav
ing discovered a loop in the testimony
of the witness by which he thought he
could lasso him. asked "what kind of a
band is this?" pointing to the letter.
"A business hand." .said Colonel Hay.
With delight, the counsel repeated, "A
business band! Look at it. gentlemen of
the Jury — a business hand!" and, turn
ing to the witness, "and so you call that
a business hand?" Colonel Hay quietly
responded: "Yes, sir— 'will you be my
wife?'— that's business!" The court, the
jury, the counsel and spectators broke
out into laughter that continued for many
minutes. That incident decided the case
in favor of. Simon Cameron.
Norfolk, Va.; has the distinction of
figuring In a will case wherein tlje find
ing of an alleged will Is equally as mys
terious as the finding of the . codicil of
Samuel Davis after many days, except
that the will In the Norfolk case was
found after many - years. Of all Im
probable circumstances under the sun it
takes the lead. Tho testator died of yel-
Reminiscences of a
Handwriting Expert.
low fever in 1555, being the first victim
of the life-devastating scourge. Forty
years afterward a letter was received
from. Paris and produced by the propo
nent of a will, which made her the bene
flciary, stating that "If search would be
made in a garret an old cow-hide-covered
trunk, ornamented with close, round,
brass-headed tacks, would oe found, un
der the right-hand corner of the top
covering of which would be found a last
will and testament of the deceased."
The letter was purported to have been
written by a contemporary of the de
ceased forty years after his death. The^ •
proponent testified that she read the let-*
ter to another person and requested the
party to find the trunk, remove the
hundreds of tacks and lind the will where
it had presumably slept so 'long.
The alleged will was witnssed by
a well-known Catholic priest and two
distinguished doctors, all of \ whom
had passed away. The yellow fever
does not give much opportunity to
its victim to make a will in his own
handwriting, nor, indeed, does it allow
a will-making state of mind. Therefore
to permit such an act to be done and
a secretion of the document under the
hide cover of an old trunk to be nailed
down with a hundred or more brass tacks
would, indeed, be a miracle; yet, as in
all cases of the kind, there are friends
of the beneficiaries willing to believe that
the Impossible and improbable could be
possible, and, without knowing, give
thoughtless opinion of the genuineness
of such a document. This was a case
for the expert in handwriting, and Colo
nel Hay was called upon for his opin
ion. He found that the letter from Paris
of recent origin compared favorably with
the handwriting of the will and that both
documents were in the handwriting of
the proponent. The will was not admit
ted to probate and the parties very fool
ishly compromised.
Anonymous communications are ithe
fruit of disordered minds and degen
erate natures. A Presbyterian minis
ter in a certain prominent church came
to Colonel Hay in the East and related
a tale of woe concerning the pestilence
of anonymous postal cards that in
fested his home, his church societies
and his congregation. They aimed at
the virtue of the minister's wife and
traduced young men and women of
the church. They criticized the min
ister, his sermons and accused him of
many compromising relations with the
more attractive members of his com
munion. The wife, a sensitive crea
ture, above approach, was driven to a
bed of illness, 'while the minister, in
his duties, could not eliminate from his
mind that In his congregation was the
unknown worker of iniquity; while the
officers of the church changed their
meetings from sacred conferences Into
a band of detectives, resolving upon
ways and means to find the culprit.
Colonel Hay's first request was for a
submission to him of a specimen of the
handwriting of every female member
of the congregation. The sin of Eve
does not always necessarily follow Its
example, nor is 'Colonel Hay otherwise
than a most gallant gentleman, but it
does seem true that in most all the
spicy incidents of romance and delicate
deviltry that there is a woman at the
bottom of it. In reducing by compari
son many hundred spcimens down to
one. It was found to be that of the
daughter of the foremost member of
the congregation, a deacon of the
church. When Informed of the result
of the examination and the accusa
tion the minister was astounded and
was greatly perplexed at the method
to be pursued to bring the party and
the guilt together beyond a reasonable
doubt. The matter was already in the
secret service of the Postofflce Depart
ment and the Inspectors had been
working on the case without success.
Colonel Hay volunteered to settle the
matter. Not wishing to bring v dlsgrace
upon a young* lady of good repute and
mortification to a family of estimable
standing, he approached the father of
the young" lady and • said: "You have
had a postal card conflict In your
church?" "Yes," responded the father,
"to our great distraction and dismay.
We are greatly puzzled as to the au
thor." "I know who it is," quickly re
plied the colonel. "Who?" "Your
daughter!" he replied.* A \ shot from a
pistol could; not have more stunned the
father. "It's a lie !'\ he shouted; "I.de
mand your informer!" Advising calm
ness in the old gentleman, the colonoJ
said. "I am my own Informer." The dea
con reiterated that his daughter could not
have done such a thing, that she would
make an affidavit.* Colonel Hay sent
MAJOR
JNO. B.
JEFFERY
tor ,tne aaughter under pretext of hav
ing a poemfor her, she being an elo
cutionist. Delicately leading up to
church affairs and the prevailing pos
tal card mania, watching every change
of color in her face, he suddenly said
to her, "I knowjwho wrote the pQS
tals." Feigning "- curiosity,,, she said,
"Who did?" There was a dramatic sit
uation which words cannot describe,
when looking her In the eye, the
colonel exclaimed, "You!" No insulted
maiden ever encompassed with any
monosyllable more of the fire of offend
ed dignity than she gave forth in the
twirling, prolonged, sarcastic and air
cutting, "Sir-r-r-r!" No tragedienne
ever towered higher in her forceful
ness. "Come down to ; earth again,
young lady," said Colbnel Hay. /'This
is not a play, but a matter, of the most
serious concern for you, as, upon my
word, you could be indicted for vio
lating the United States statute. Let
us be reasonable/ There are '-but* four
persons who know this— your minister,
your father, who will not believe it;
yourself and myself. Make no affidav
its. Make no denial. Write no more
anonymous postals, ; and ,the secret will
be kept." ' There, were.no more mys
terious postals received by. the mem
bers of that congregation. \u25a0
Near a small town in Virginia a-col
ored girl was found murdered In : the ser
vants' quarters of an estate.. A pistol "did
the work. /An old • negro occupying a
room in the '.ipper story: testified that he
"heard de shot an' thlnkin". Dat somebody
was a knocken at de dqo', said ..'who's
dat?" and 'got so skeered. Dat he' jest
kivered up his. head wid .* de pillo '\u25a0\u25a0 an.
shivered off to sleep." ' The deed having
been done in the night/ next morning
the girl was discovered upon 'the; floor
dead,^ covered "with ; a sheet,';' upon which
was pinned a letter, addressed r, to,- her
mother, which * stated that realizing that
she was In a ; delicate"; i condition; "she
though best -"to end it ; all,"» but \u25a0 "if any
thing hapens.to me do not permit Bowen,
the undertaker, to bury > me.". This * sug
gestion had great weight at the trial of
the cause;- . \u25a0 -' \u0084 \u0084"- '"•* • ;.'-;,/ >";-'^. v -;, "."•
A young mulatto '* had been paying at
tention to the girl and; had' been seen 'in
that neighborhood ? the night: of the mur
der. 'The handwriting^ in 1 , the [letter be
came, the clew: upon- which jtolwbrk, -to
trace (the murderer.! \f As ; the '\u25a0) girl* could
only^wrlte in a. very 'crude manner; 1 it/was
easy, to j conclude ; that she did - not .write
It. .While ; the ' handwriting? of *> a num-;
ber :of i suspects • was '\u25a0 submitted «j It J was
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;CALL.;.
not a difficult tusk to center the crime,
handwriting being the accuser, on this
lover. ;He.;was arrested "and, held: for
trial, protesting throughout his inno
cence. Just before the. trial the , jailer
came' to Colonel Hay with the white
margin of - a newspaper, /which he . in
formed him; he had found in the cell
occupied by the prisoner, upon which. was
written In pencil :i "They; say I wrote the
letter pinned on Janey, ; If I ; did, I jes
copied what i; she said— she told me to
writer it." - Able v counsel 'defended.; the
prisoner," but \ they could not \ recover al
together j from : the' dramatic effect of : the
production by: Colonel " Hay of this scrap
of paper- In court at the trial. " \u25a0'• ;
'Circumstances' corroborated fully the
handwriting v evidence, /but no more so
than . the ; testimony of the • Indignant
Bowen;:\the undertaker, In responding; to
the attempt,: in -the V letter, _ to ihurt his
business.: The prisoner owed $7, for a bal
ance upon ; the funeral jj of,' his wife, -and
the: undertaker ; grew impatient/ at non
payment as he stated: ; VI know, his hand
writing'and why he reflected upon me. . I
wanted the money, and as I could not get
it from him, ; I ; laid for him and . thrashed
him just J7 worth." -.;\u25a0 Conviction followed,
and | the >.wrlter t of -the letter has .begun
to serve eighteen' years. .-^
, Handwriting, though a necessary at
tainment to assist speech In the expres
sion of thought, J has, like" many a j good*
thing, t gone'r, wrong: \u25a0 -While greed and
avarice have .utilized its , purposes and
the/ world - ? of "politics : and „ finance I has
been ; troubled •by j its ; misuse, It has ; in
vaded: the • domestic ;J fireside and dis
turbed the ; peacef ulness of j home life.
In an Eastern ' city, : where * too V much
love .;' between ; a ,' husband ; and \u25a0 .'wife
seemed .to!be coveted r by a much;inter
ested friend; the expert averted a break
ing of the family tie. «. Into the window,'
as it K were, 7 came, : letters, " the -: purport
of which was: "Keep'an eye^orirDavid-r
lookVout yf or i i Anna." « ; 'Secretly j^these
missives of unasked-for ; advice came to
the confldiri g 'wife, ' ; Tf ho at first -\ threw,
them v aside; and? treated Jsuoh:'communi-;
cations twith; dlsdaln-^DUt be alwoman's
life : that of extraordinary, devotion* and :
in ; herJey es : the '% husband; a \ paragon \u25a0; of
perfection,;: she = . will \ down,- the ? bars ; of
confidence ' in \ tlme^arid \ let; in > doubt—'
because fas"' soon air. she \u25a0; asks (herself • *'I
wonder,! if It -^can \ belio ?" * shil gazes ! upon
David witha look of {inquiry; that never
before iV had ;V a^J place "I In p '£ her
glances at ! : him* arid isVAnna" % tooJa dear,'
sweet ; friend; of ithe tfa riilly^lsj included
in the searchlight inspection. Every day
or so the "keep your eye on, David"
letters were received j and . lengthened
into detail; An eye was kept on David,
and a coolness met Anna from her "dear
friend," David's wife, that nearly froze
her out. While David realized that an
Iceberg was : resting somewhere In the
neighborhood of his house, mystery
prevailed. Pride would not allow, the
wife to speak.' With the bundle of let
ters she left a note statins that she had
goneUo her; mother. David did not^do
as some husbands would have .done, ex
claim : . "If she" is * s6, weak, let her go
andstay." He went after the wife and
brought her ,< back' to his home. He
avowed Innocence and brought in. Anna,
who was surprlsed'and^ mortified at, the
astounding allegations* in the 'letters.
The wif e , tried to believe | the truth, as
they^stated It, and joined them ,in the
crusade -against the destroyer of their
happiness, the author of the letters.
Handwriting ; ofas many friends of all
parties were procured as was '\u25a0 possible
to be obtained, 'and by comparison it
was: traced by Colonel Hay, to a lady,
a leader, of I society— a title usually ac
corded to -wealth, attractiveness; and
ability to climb.' The question of proof
was next to considered. /It was, a
social and personal matter, not crim
inal,: and the proceeding was a delicate
one as : to : accusation. The wife . con
ceived a plan. . She 'gave a reception.
It was brilliant and society was present
in its Sunday attire. C The -wife, quiet,
gentle arid .heretbf ore- entirely blinded
by ' love, \u25a0 now } became ian \u25a0\u25a0 actress; with
her ; eyes open In I her | own i home, as j she
was playing two roles, hostess and "the
little detective.": An opportunity afford
ed at lust : to greet the suspected chir
ographlst alone. 'in the library. Like a
tigress she sprang upon her," and^throw-,
ing.the bundje! of letters upon the desk
in > front; of her, • accused her guest „ of
being *the author. "\ She rose high in her
injured, dignity :>nd » without denying
the allegation claimed , that ; her : hostess
was' insane.* (The:scene was ; fllled .with
dramatic fervor/ and .was as strong.' and
as brief a play : as ; was ' ever presented,
by two persons. v. The I wife 'said "If [ you
do not confess ; here to J me, I'll gd;down
into % the r -drawing : room " and \u25a0>; read \ the
letters to' the^guests'and openly accuse
you; 'Decide .Vhlch you' prefer,: here, to
me'or . there to ? them.V , She "f ell on her
knees Ho \ the ; hostess - arid confessed.
"Here, takeT; the pen arid . retract. Write
that'you; did It: andthat'all is false" and
itiwilP beTour; secret.", She'dld so/ When
the 'guests i;inad .retired the wif e placed
the paperl In her -husband's ;hanu. '.:;•.
: : vTheVexperts'. / field * of ;. usefulness .- has
no'; limit (either ,aa to;sp*ace;or ( time. c >^
•% Forty years : ago a\ father ', deserted - a
mother % and , : two - infant ?glrls. :v From
Australia letters in 1854 were written,*
enclosing: remittances. After a number
of years the mother died without dis
closing-the£ name : or* identity of the
father. The" children .were reared In an
asylum, and - after, reaching: the ages
of . . eighteen, married. The mys
terious fatheris never a relation to be
tenderly regarded by a sensitive daugh
ter," yet one of rthes'e girls determined
to : : solve ; the mystery; « lf such a thing
could be > done.' • She .unearthed ., an > old
letterthat had crossed the ocean in the
fifties, addressed to her. mother. In the
postscript it disclosed a name. Sub
sequently another letter was found,
bearing an American postmark. A let
ter to the postmaster brought the ad
vice -that a person bearing the name
asked for. resided upon a large country
estate in the jurisdiction of that office.
Another letter, addressed to the party
sought,' asking something- about real
estate values in the section named, re
ceived a response. The expert. Colonel
Hay, was called in. The writings, near
ly half a century apart, were compared
and pronounced to be « by the same
hand. Time had made very little
change in the chirography. though cal
culation placed the old gentleman into
the three-score-and-ten period. \u25a0 In
firmity affects handwriting more ap
rireeiablv than old ace. Any aliment
that weakens the nerves and unsteadies
the hand will cause not so much the
style of writing, but the execution of
It, to show differences. The daughter
who addressed the decoy letter for
values of land received an answer. The
daughter found at last her father.
The Government is a prolific source
of delight to the forger, and no depart
ment has escaped attempts upon it.
though In matters of little concern the
Postoffice Department has infrequently
led all the others, while the Pension
Office has been a close second. In this
department of the Government, organ
ized for the .purpose of disbursement
of funds ud into the millions annually
to those entitled, much is done upon
faith and all upon paper. Its motto
could easily be. "I swear!" as it i 3 the
great "repositorum" of affidavits. All
testimony Is written. It is record
proof.: The claimant writes his claim
himself. The witnesses make affidavits.
The field examiners make reports. The
office grants pensions and the pensioner
makes an affidavit upon every voucher,
while two witnesses j acknowledge the
pensioner to be the person he repre
\u25a0 \u25a0 •• • • * ' ":'-./\u25a0
JUDGMENT DAY IS
NOT UNREALITY
IF ANY; doubt has lingered in any
mind touching the validity of the
good old doctrine of judgment day,
that doubt ought to have been re
moved ,by what has transpired In
New York during the last few weeks.
There was a set of men there who, up
to a short time ago, were drawing prince
ly salaries, enjoying their yachts and
fast -horses and giving sumptuous din
ners—living, )in short, the kind of life
which rich fast men live the world over,
only with this distinction, that these men
were the officials of an organization sup
posed "to." exist to protect the Interests
of widows and; orphans. . Associated with
these men were others whose personal
tastes may not \u25a0 have \ been quite as lux
urious, but who shared the same con
ception of the uses of a fiduciary agency,
namely, that the primary, consideration'
was not how much they could do to re
duce the cost of insurance, for people
in' moderate circumstances, while at the
same time getting a generous living them
selves,; but rather how In every way
possible they might serve their own ends,
through , exceptional opportunities pre
sented to them for personal aggrandize
ment. .' ' . - . -.
But by and by these men began to fall
out; among; themselves, and soon the
searchlight of - public ; investigation ' was
turned ' upon \ them. , and in the heat of
indignation , that has ' followed many a
former excellent reputation has been done
to a crisp. : In other .Words, judgment day
has come to :- town. ' arid what •; was done
of -. a : tricky ', nature ( in small meetings of
directors : arid .: committees^ is being pro
claimed 4 upon " the - housetops. , Was there
ever 'a* more vivid J proof \u25a0 the assertion:
''.Whatsoever, a jnan soweth/; that shall he
also reap?"" ;\u25a0 _;•'.-" '-; : \u0084
; , But while, the \ world is pointing , the
finger", of -scorn -at ; men in high financial
circles in v New "; York; it may be well to
remind , ourselves of . the warning : "Think
ye ;- that" these" Galileans were sinners
above 'all i the' Galileans? \u25a0' Nay, but except
ye s repent"; ye" shall all likewise I perish.";
Wherever "we - live"; we : do V riot have to
travel f far to encounter^ judgment . day.'
Every police Tcourt,"every' i jaihln the land
testifies to s the-; fact 'that > Judgment is
here and now/; :":;: v . ".
And yet" men] go on In their crooked ca
reers,^ thinking .that whatever may* have
sents himself to be. This is dona every
quarter. So the Pension Office is a flle
room of manuscripts. .It seems hard
to a claimant, justly entitled, to compel
him to furnish cumulative proof, but
the Government needs as much security
as does the bank teller In paying out
the" funds of the -bank. With all tho
safeguards "and undue vigilance it has ,
not escaned fraud. /
One case in Virginia was especially no
ticeable because of- the evasions. In each
line of preparation, of the watchfulness
which is put around every case. "A long
lane that has no turn" is a true saying.
A mis-stroke of the pea— an awkward
joining of letters— the cross of. a "T,**
and the dotting of an "I" has often led
to the detection of crime. Suspicion
rested upon one of the vouchers that be
longed to the agency near Lynchburg. Va.
This voucher, with all the others, cover
ing a period of fourteen years, was sub
mitted to Cold'nel Hay. who has been for
years the expert for the ', United States
Government at Washington. Ha un
earthed the imposition upon the Pension
Office that had been going on for many
years and upon which the parties to It
had been the beneficiaries. They had re
ceived, the money so regularly and had
executed the papers so calmly and so for
mally that they grew in the belief of tho
honesty of the transaction and so pur
sued fearlessly the even tenor of their
way. A widow was the claimant and her
brother was the able and willing assist
ant and accomplice, who thought It "no
harm to rob the crown." An Indictment
astounded the parties, and they defended
In an Interesting trial, conducted by the
present Governor of Virginia. Montague,
who was then, as United States District
Attorney filling" the courts with the elo
quence that led him to the Governor's
chair. Colonel Hay pointed out tho same
ness of the handwriting not only In the
signatures to affidavits, but to every
voucher upon which money had been re
ceived. After his demonstration to 'the
court and Jury the parties confessed their
guilt and have been serving time ever
since.
The money order division of the Post
office Department Is often the victim.
Handwriting has been traced frequently
to the wrongdoers, but thinking to foil
detection, a dirk in the department, who.
with accomplices, carried on for a time a
very profitable business, utilized the type
writer and forged only the Postmaster's
signatured "Once too often," applied In
lhl3 case. Experts should not claim, to
detect typewriting, but clrcnmstancess fa
vored the Government In this Instance.
Colonel Hay requested specimens of every
machine In the Money Order Department.
Each machine was numbered. The scores
of money orders and advices were com
pared with the specimens with a success-,
f ul result. The man was convicted* The
money orders throughout universally had
the omission of the dot upon tho small
"r.*" The machine specimen was found
with this same fatal omission and tho
missing dot became the accuser. This
could not happen with all typewriting.
\u25a0 happened to others, they win somehow
manage to avoid exposure and punish
ment. For there often Is a delay In the
working out of justice. Sometimes men
who ought to.be wearing prison garb go
to their graves in apparent' good stand
ing in the community. But delay does
not mitigate the penalty, when It comes.
as Anne of Austria said -to Richelieu:
"My Lord Cardinal, God does not pay at
the end \u25a0of every week, but In tha end
he pays." And because the sword \u25a0 has
not yet descended on us, we need not
delude ourselves with the. notion, that
our sin has been overlooked or forgotten.
Nor need we think that Judgment day
must come in one form, only, always in
flicting some public condemnation and in
volving the lonely prison cell. Sometimes
our misdoing is followed by remorse and
self-loathing harder to', bear than the
taunts of others. "No one will ever know
It," said a tempting voice one* to a young
man on the edge .of a moral collapse.
"No, but I should know it." was his
quick and Indignant rejoinder, and he
drew back from the edge of tha precipice.
Judgment day often writes Its , penalties
on a man's countenance and ' causes .. a
stupefying of conscience, an emasculation
of will and a drying up of the ' fountains
of affection. You may escape the police
man all your life, but you can. never
escape the painful reaction on your own
life of every evil word and deed.
The reason for judgment day. lies in the
fact that this universe is built on right
eous lines and sooner or later the man
who seeks to trifle with the right is made
to realize- that he Is In helpless revolt
against Inevitable law. Things are not
left at loose ends in this universe. Sin
breeds troubles of many kinds. It has to
be expiated somehow, somewhere,* some
time. . . .
There is a picture on the front of a fa
mous church in Paris which represents
the last judgment; with Christ apportion
ing* their flnar destiny to the wicked and
the good. ' sending to the left those who
had done wrong, and waving to " a place
on his right hand the righteous.' Thi3
representation of the judgment has had a
powerful hold through the ages on 'the
Infaglnatlon of men.. It embodies a ; great
truth; but it does not set forth' the entire
; truth, ami whatever befthe nature of the
final judgment be sure that in: a. sense'
every day Is judgment day, that It Is "as
certain to come a3 .to-morrow's sunrise
and for all of us who, would, escape "its
terrors there- are three words to be said,
repent, quit? and reform.THE UNDERTAKER'S
TRUST
WILLIAM
ALLEN WHITE
(Copyright by the S. S. McClure Co.)
fT^HERE was Riggs' bill for hay;
I that was $7. There was Morse's
I bill for pasture, due the day before
I —that was $3 75— and there was the
V,** old bill against Judge Blair for
butter and milk, $6 70, and nothing had
been peifi on It for two months.
It really seemed to Captain Meyers,
picking .his way along the rough stone
walk upon the side streets and often
walking in the path beside it that there
would be no difficulty at all in collecting
the JS that he and his wife had decided
to epend upon their daughter Mattle's
birthday present. The captain made up
'his mind, as he trudged along, to collect
all the money and to buy the present
that afternoon and have it over. with.
And to that end he hurried past Riggs'
livery barn and on toward the postoffice,
acting on the theory that If he" went to
the bam so yoon after dinner he would
not flnd Riggs there.
It was just mail time when the captain
arrived at the postoffice. He waited there
patiently while the mail was distributed.
and looked at the trinkets In the jewel
er's case in the front part of the lobby.
He fancied a certain gold and onyx pin.
•which be had looked at In the morning,
and which he had then decided to buy
for his daughter's birthday present with
the money he was about to collect He
knew that his wife wanted the famlly
present to be a new dress; there had been
some discussion on the subject before he
left the houst that noon after the child
had gone to school, but the captain's
heart was set on the pin. And as he
stood peering Into the glass case his faith
In It became firmly fixed. He might have
bought the pin then and there, but he
feared he would be refused credit, and
the prospect of a humiliating refusal fre-
Suently kept the captain out of debt. As
he was feasting his eyes upon the pin his
' neighbor. John Morse, who owed the
captain for pasture rent, elbowed along
beside him.
"Hullo, John." said the captain, look
ing up suddenly and recollecting that
lie was going to collect his bill In the
• afternoon, and a little fluttered at the
prospect. "They make a lot of durn
.fool purties — them jewelers — don't
'they? Keep a feller pore just at look at
em. purt' nigh, don't you think ?*\ ;.•
."I dunno. cap." replied the other
man. who was a trifle 111 at ease in
the presence of his creditor and wished
to ward off a dunnlnar. "I dunno. I
suppose It's as easy to get pore lookln'
sx the fixln's as it Is a-layln' 'round do
.in' nothin,' as a feller's rot to do these
' days. And when you do get a little job
of work It seems like you can't never
get the money on it"
- Here Captain Meyer's heart sank; he
. was being outgeneraled, and he knew
it. Morse Trent on:
"I done a little job over here for Ma
jor Hanley the other day and went
down this rnornin' to collect it —
•xhought mebbe might get a little some
thin* and square up with you and a few
odd bills around— but by Johnny. If
i Major didn't stand me off trll the first
of the month."
The crowd was moving and the cap
tain knew that the delivery window of
the postoffice was open. He didn't
want to teem a hard man with his
neighbors, co he said as they walked
toward the center of the crowd:
"Oh, well. John, me and you under
stand each other; you needn't to go
and worry about that little business of
mine. I ain't in no rush."
The captain's Veteran Defender was
in his box, and when he had put it in
his pocket he drifted in the current of
the crowd and found himself being car
ried up the broad smooth stone side
walks of the business street to the row
of Straggling one-story frame offices,
carpenter shops and millinery stores
th*t marked the dividing line between
th» residence and business portions of
ta» town. As he came to the crossing
a fenggy bumping orer the stones
stopped a group of which he was a
member.
-Who's that with Riggs in the buggy? "
**ktd the captain.
. "Oh him? Why that's a drummer. I
heard Ht» say he was going to drive over
to Fairview to catch the main line South
to-algbt," said an elderly member of the
party, who responded when any one spoke
to the "ColoneL" It would be wrong to
say that Captain Meyers' heart sank at
hearing this, for he thought with a feel-
Jng of relief that to-morrow would be the
best time to collect Riggv' bill, anyway.
The group sauntered into .one of the lit
tle offices, as was the custom of its mem
bers, and the Captain told himself that
be would wait until Judge Blair had fin
ished his mall before disturbing him.
The Colcntl and "Doe" and "J. I*"
and the Captain, that was the coterie,
j They had become cronies during the years
that followed the "boom" and left them
Idle. The Colonel had been County Sur
veyor. "Doc" had been Coroner years
ago, before the young doctors crowded
him out of practice, and "J. I^." was the
real estate dealer who owned the office.
Captain Meyers had Jbeen County Clerk
two terms, deputy one term, then City
Clerk, and. finally, constable; he was
sometimes made deputy sheriff when
there was extra work. But he was at the
end of his political rope. By close living
tys wife had saved the farm near town
which was their homestead before they
icoved to the county seat. She had saved
a little money, which was at Interest
and the family lived off the farm and
email (ami comlns from chickens and
butter and eggs. The Captain's only
cnito was a girl— Mattie— thirteen years
old, and on her he lavished the affection
of a heart still mellow. As he sat In
the office "gassing" with the crowd, he
thought of the pin and how beautiful it
was, and how the child would enjoy it
and he almost lost the thread of conver
sation.
"Don't you, cap?" said the colonel.
"_on't I what.'" paid the captain, wak-
Ing from his reverie. "I do, if you say I x
do. but what is it?"
"Well," explained the first speaker, "*
was just sayin* that' there was just as
smart folks down here on the 'Crick*, as
they is up there in the city, if they only
had the swing that the other fellows had.
And I said that's what you said, dont',
you, cap'n?"
"That's Just what I've contended all.
the ume; don't take no smarter man to
run a railroad than to run a street car
line; and don't take no more brains to
run a street car'n it does to run a stage
line, and no more to run a stage 'n It
does to run a dray, and a man that can't
run a dray ain't worth his salt."
"That's right." broke In the real estate
man. I've seen it work time and again.
Now. take that Rushmer feller \ warn't so
overly much down here; I done him. up
myself in a little deal in College Hill lots.
Now look at him up there -in the city;
got a carriage and a nigger driver, and"
every one thinks he's old persimmons.
It's all owin' to the length of the leever
you're workln' with. If you're worktn'
with cents, you make cents'; ij the handle
of your leever is a little longer^'and
you're workin' with dollars, you make
dollars; if it's hundreds, you make hun
dreds, and if it's thousands you get your
picture in the paper as a 'Napoleon of -
finance.' " ,
"I guftss that's mighty near the truth,
said the doctor in the sententious pause
that followed.
The captain was just starting for Judge
Blair's to collect the butter and milk bill
when he saw the Judge come out of his
office and go down the street. He settled
back in Ills' seat by the window to wait
until the Judge returned. The talk droned
along. From "Napoleons of finance" it
turned to trusts, and from trusts to the
great fortunes made in the insurance
business. And it must have been nearly
4 o'clock when the captain held the reins
of the rambling discourse, and was guid
ing It by mere impulse as follows:
"Yes, sir: a undertakers* insurance
company. A sort of * undertakers' trust.
F*r Instance, say our man Nichols here
belonged; s'pose I'd pay him, say, J5 a
year and would agree to keep It up for
the rest of my life if he would give roe
a certain specified burlaL All right Say
I move away from here. Very welL ,1
have my J receipt— my policy— from old
man Nichols, and I go to the member_of
the Insurance company, or trust, or what
you may call it. that lives there, end pay
him while I live there. Then If I move
on I keep transferring my policy, and- at
last I'm buried In style and my family
ain't out a red. The trust has got the
money, and if I only pay the last man
a $5 bill the trust pays him for givln' me
a good burial. They have the use of my
money; I don't feel it; all right; and in
the end it ain't hard for my family to
raise the money, when they don't know
where to turn to get it. Rales can be
Just like insurance rates, high or low,
accordin' to the age a man is and tne
style he wants to go out with."
"Then your idee," put in the real estate
man, "is to take dyin' out of the lux
uries of the rich and put it In the reach
of all." . .. \u25a0"'
The crowd laughed.
Captain Meyers laughed with the. rest,
but hie eyes glowed, and he was filled
with the scheme that had evolved from
his talk. It seemed bo plain and feasible
to hlm-this plan of forming !an «*naer
takers* trust to Insure men decent burial.
He saw that if he could get a place at
the head of such an enterprise and push
It to a reality he would be rich. He was
afraid lest some of his companions should
see the value of the idea, and he let the
talk roll over him saying nothing further
of what was In his mind.
Judge Blair, passing along the street
toward his office, aroused the Captain
from his castle building. . As he crossed
the street to Judge Blair's office he con
cluded to take the Judge into his. plans.
He would need a partner, and a lawyer
and a man of the world, he. thought.
Judge Blair was three in one and one in
three-the- very trinity be wanted.
The Judge was the county politician; he
knew all the 6tateHmen in the State; he
knew the bankers and the lawyers and
the editors in the big city. In fact, when
any one spoke of Willow Creek beyond
its corporate limits he always spoke of
It as Judge Blair's town. Judge Blair was
always In debt, yet his credit remained
good, because he paid In smlleg and pat
ronage and railroad passes what he could
not pay In cash; so the town took what
he had to offer, and discounted it by pity
ing him for what it called "his extrava
gant family." He was Captain Meyer's
ld.ol; he sometimes paid • the -captain
money— an unusual distinction— and he al
ways got the captain railroad passes to
the State G. A..R. reunion*.
The captain was fairly bubbling with
enthusiasm when he reached Judge
. Blair's private office. The Judge thought
Captain Meyers had jwoe to for
money, as, in fact, he had; he really In
tended to get It before he left, but he
poured out his plans first, almost in a
breath.
"What do you think. of it. Judge?" he
asked, after the first pause, when' the
Judge had just finished telling him that It
looked feasible. "Don't you think it will
go? Everybody's got to die, " and every
one wants a nice funeral? What do they
join lodges for if they don't? Wept
the use of the man's money; we. get the
profits on funeral expenses before they
are Incurred. We could Issue ten, twen
ty and twenty-five year policies, and with
a certificate on him a man could move
anywhere, and be sure of a good funeral.
Say, Judge, won't you take holt. of this?
It's a big thing, Judge; a mighty big
thing. WhaJ. cay. Judge? Is it a go?"
They talked until the gloaming fell, and
walked home in the sunset glow, stopping
for half .an hour at the parting of their
ways to go over again the elaborated
sent me.
Captain Meyers,' who always came. In
through the back door „ of his -house,
brought a load of wood in his arms this
evening as a flag of truce. He wanted
to make peace with his wife before she
asked about the afternoon's collections.'
Mattie was "laying" the supper .table
as he entered the kitchen , door, and bis
wife was busy over the stove. He spoke
as he laid down the wood.
"Ma, > Tve had a good talk with Judge
Blair this afternoon; him and me stopped
down there at Nichols' corner a few
minutes and that's what made me late."
There was something lnhis voice which
the v woman recognized to distrust ' She
saw that he was maneuvering, and It an
gered her. She knew; he had not col
lected the bills she had . giVen him r \u25a0 she
knew very well he was trying, to talk her
out of 'scolding him.' She was* a large
woman, fat and . lusty. He "-.' was much
older asd thinner and, lees vigorous than
she. 'She was cruel to him that night, as
\u25a0-.-.THE SAN-FRAKCISCO SUNDAY CAUi
she often was, and his great scheme, only
unfolded itself as an apology I for his idle
ness after ; she had - rebuked * him; ; It ; did
not come as he would havejhad it come,
as '; a justification ; for ? forgetting : every
thing elseJ His daughter did not- under
stand It at all, but .when <he had finished
and \ stood leaning \ oh .the' 4 threshold {. of
the dining : room * door; * hesitating,/ she
beckoned him \ Into i the room \u25a0 where) she
was clattering ' tha knives an<" \ forks. ? She
gave him a good ' girlish , hug \u25a0 and ; a ; kl6s,
and pointed to a plate of corn bread l near
his plate. ; He: knew "that .she; had j made
it for; him. l ? Her mother "did * not-'eat ; Jl,
and . never cooked \u25a0 it, though •' it " was \u25a0 hts
favorite dish: - ; .
"Now. Mattie. what's ! you fo' and cook <
that f or, v he | sald.'it'ahd | get youf self all I
pi ay ed : out for \u25a0 the party. * I cottld 'a' J ate
light! bread • just as ; well.": - 1 -:>:: >: : ;
? But he \ patted "'her? cheek; as she^said
it and i sat lon > the (lounge ? and watched'
her , lovingly- as she v.weht'i about > her
task. :: • And fhe ''i lay awake = far • into -the
night ?an air castle ;.with
ivory .'and*; go|d '..wherein hjs ; daughter
was toibethe^Queen. \u25a0 :V: \u25a0 O - . f
> The • next y day ;<_ was j Matties, -, birthday/
Judge Blair had gone out of towni^Thje
captain ? felt i that ; it" would \ 4o \ ho. good
to see * his 'neighbor, \ Morse,' after, j the
rebuff iof < the J previous .; ds,y. T: : He f was,
afraid to* delay 'a in -seeing
SRlg*a.yand-yetlbe feared to see him,
\u25a0i t or i on him * alone ! lay al Ihi s hopes; uhe
js knew ~i that *he % must <i have that %1 ., hay,
f.blll -or "f oregok the <; onyxCpin,' and v his
: heart iwas set ' on" that i? He 'walked ' past
;RiggS'; livery ;barn Ho: the^postofflce the
'\u25a0i flrst->thing •in > the . morning and i looked
i; at t the pin in the \u25a0 Jeweler's case in • walk
fi"ng.bx,v?iA '>\u25a0: V. •\u25a0\u25a0''\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ' .:;• ' ; .'-\u25a0\u25a0••\u25a0
*-!He; faltered^. as : he.: eyed it, coming
Ufrom.the" postoffice wicket;, the jeweler
: saw him; there was no one in the lobby
t that morning.; -''Can s wa Bhew.yoru'uiy
'I thingithis*morning, , Cap'rir* asked." the
;- clerk. -{turning? from : ; : his bench
>[wltbr;a)rubbeT-cased c mlcroscope ; - stuck
: over his *ye. HHHBBnBfe£9SBB
"Nothin' partfc'lar — well,'-* I " don't
know,'. 1 but what 'you -can let me look
at that; onyx 1 pin you" was. showin' me
hera 1 ; the other day."
V-Ha i carried, the Image ofAthe.pln In
his mind to Riggs' stable; It made him
bold Ito "clear; his i throat -before; saying:
\u25a0'"WeH.'Jlm Riggs." how'd you and that
drummer make it yesterday, goin* over
to Falrvlew?*,* \-'
"M-rrhm— n,** I _ dunno;- \ all right. ; I
gu ess," ;> repl led -. the *; livery . man, who
knew what was coming. BMBSHKI
- " it '\u25a0 be ' push*
ing ; you '* too; much to • ask '\u25a0 you " for" a lit
tle something, on the; hay 'account?"
was r out, J and {the •' captain knew he had
safd it poorly. To mend it. he added:
"I'm needin* It right now for a little
matter."
Of couse he didn't get it. and when
he met Mattie on the streett. coming
home from school, he sent word to her
mother, that he was busy and would
not be home to dinner. He forgot all
about the- undertaker's trust that day
as he walked listlessly from one loaf
ing place 'to another and back a Tain,
trying to get away from the dread of
going home empty-handed at nightfall.
He lounged "into the mjstofficc with the
crowd at mail time In the afternoon
and gazad longingly at the* "covered
Jewel. But he could not bring, himself
to ask for credit, especially since ha
had said In the morning that he, was
coming around to get the. pin when he
got some money and the Jeweler haa
not taken the hint He felt of the hair
dollar In his" pocket, and looked at
everything which he thought could b«
had for that sum. but nothing suited •
his purpose. .
It was nearly sundown when. a ped
dler of whittled trinkets stumbled into,
the r&al'est^te office where the cronlsa
were loafing. The peddler *v an eU
ish man and claimed to be blind. Sbft
fact that ha had whittled the intrioate.
fancies, although he was blind, lent
value to them In the ey«s of nil ou>
tomers. j There was * Uffff oixaalAr
piece of pine. . f retttd with hot ai ud
with serrated edges; it was m*d» from
one block of wood. • -,' ' -
"What* tfi&t - wheel bMtaeM *»**• "
asked "J. I*" of the vender ; ;
"Oh, that ? * That's jnai i a kind \u25a0 .: «f
purty — a card case some uses "ccx far*" *
. /•What's it, worth?" axk*d a curious /J
. by-stander. : '.
"I get a dollar and a tali fortfcem,"
responded the paddlar, holding it o
to show it to advantage.
The captain was rolling hii 83-«eaV
piece Idly in his -pocket, wh«a tat an*
swer came. Suddenly desperation \u25a0•tied
him at the thought of going home on
his child's birthday' without a present.
and as the peddler was moving out of
the door, ' Captain 'Meyer said;
- mi give " you fifty cents . for • that
\u25a0whlrl-a-ma-glg thlr.g-a-mabob card
case, or whatever. you call it." ..
It was the -last one the peddler had
and he took the captain's money.
The child" met her, father at tha gat 9,
and took his arm as they walked down
the path. .The thought of the gold and
onyx pin made tha wooden trifle ;he car
ried in his hand furthest from her seem
very cheap; to -him. "* ' .
"It isn't much/,, Mattie," he said, as
they reached . tha \u25a0 front , steps, - ."but I
thought maybe yc%'d understand it was
all your ma and me could do. It'll luk
pufty on the organ ,or tha center table.
The man said it .was a card • case.**. The
old man's voice faltered as he went on:
"Maybe , at .your, next birthday : your pa
\u25a0will hay* more to do with.". /
.' He was" thinking of the undertaker's
trust. The child was her father's child,
and .she . hugged him . and * thanked him
over and over again "for the- toy. It
"made him jhappy. and he was radiant in
her reflected. smiles.'. They had gone
round ; thY house to the" kitchen door
whenthe'glrl said:"
"And, oh.' pa. did you see the gold and
onyx pin ma brought me. from the store -^
this afternoon?" ,' . ,
Meyers '.kissed* his wife for
the first time In years. .It was .all over
so Qulckly^that^sheldld not think to
«cold;*'but*.mlhgled -her 'tears wtth ,hls
and her laughter. with that of the child.Tliis tic the second installment
of "Monsieur Beaucaire," the
mort dr!U;*htful of the novels
«f Ttuoth T:trlvlnK<on. nulhnr
of 4 *TJjo Grntlcmnn Front Indi
ana." \u2666\u2666Monsieur Beauealre" is
a Ktorjr «»« rnmnntic interest anil
d«-I ;«\u25a0.-. io humor, vtliich has run
Into !t«* eightieth thouumri
without loMns Its fharnt for the
rending; nubile. Its notion is
placed in the time of Beau ZVash,
it* background belne the sny
life of Hntli, the Beau's petty
klncdom.
Copyright. lOCS, by McClure. Phillips & Co.
> , *i "V OUR— true— lover." ha said hus
• / I kflrii When he said- that word
I J both trembled. " She turned
half away Into the darkness
'- of the coach.
"I know what make' you to doubt me,"
he eaid, faltering himself, though It was
not. "his art that prompted him. "They
have tol' you the French do nothing al
ways but make love, Is it not so? Yes,
you think I am like that. You think
I am like that now!"
She made no elm.
"I suppose." he sighed, "I am un
rlz'nable; I would have the snow not
bo col'— for Jus' me."
She did not answer.
"Turn to me," he said.
The fragrance of t"he fields came to
them, end from the distance the faint,
dear note of a hunting-horn.
"Turn to me."
The lovely head was bent very low.
Her little gloved hand lay upon the
narrow window ledtre. He laid his own
gently upon it. The two hands were
•baking like twin leaves In the breeze.
Hers was not drawn away. After a
pause, neither knew how long, he felt
the warm fingers turn and clasp them
selves tremulously about his own. At
last she looked up bravely and met his
eyes. The horn was wound again-
nearer.
"All the cold was gone from the snows
—long ago," she said.
"My beautiful!" he whispered; it was
all he could say. "My beautiful:" But
she clutched his arm. startled.
"Ware the road!" A wild halloo
sounded ahead. The horn wound loudly.
"'Ware the road!" There sprang up out
of the r.ight a flying thunder of hoof
beats. The gentlemen riding idly In
front of the coach scattered to the hedge
sides; and. with drawn swords flashing
in the moon, a party of horsemen
charged jdown the highway, their ' cries
blasting the night.
"Barber! Kill the barber!" they
screamed. "Barber! Kill the barber!"
Beaucaire had but time to draw his
tword when they were upon him.
"A moi!"' his voice rang out clearly
as he rose in his stirrups. "A mol, Fran
cois. Louis. Eercuin! A mol, Francois!"
The cavaliers came straight at him.
He parried the thrust of the first, but
l be *hock of the collision hurled his horse
again&i the side of the coach.
"Sacred swine!" he cried bitterly. "To
'endanger a lady, to make this brawl in
a lady's presence! Drive on!" he shouted.
"No!" cried Lady Mary.
The Frenchman's assailants were
masked, but they were not highwaymen.
"Barber! Barber!" they shouted hoarsely,
and closed in on him in a circle.
"See how he use his steel!" laughed
M. Beaucalre, as his point passed through
a tawdry waistcoat. For a moment be
cut through the ring and cleared the
space about him, and Lady Mary saw
his face shining in the moonlight. "Ca
naille!" he hissed, as his horse sank
beneath him; and. though guarding his
head from the rain of blows from above,
he managed to drag: headlong from hia
saddle the man who had hamstrung the
poor brute. The fellow came suddenly
to the ground and lay there.
"Is it nut a compliment," said a heavy
voice, "to bring six large men to sub
due monsieur?"
"Oh. you are there, my frien'! In tho
rear— a little in the rear, I think. Ha,
ha!"
The Frenchman's play with his weapon
was a revelation of skill, the more ex
traordinary as lie held in his hand only
a light cress sword. But the ring closed
about him, and his keen defense could
not avail him for more than a few mo
ments. Lady Mary's outriders, the gal
lants of her escort, rode vs close to the
coach and encircled It. not interfering.
"Sir Hugh Guilford!" cried Lady Mary
wildly, "if you will not help him. give*
me your sword!" She would have leaped
to the ground, but Sir Hugh held the
door.
"Sit quiet, madam." he said to her;
then, to the man on the box. "Drive on."
"If he does, I'll kill him!" she said
fiercely. "Ah. what cowards! Will you
f.ee the Duke murdered?"
*Tfce Duke!" laughed Guilford. "They
will not kill him, unless— be easy, dear
madam, 'twill bs explained. Gad's life!*"
he mutterid to Molyneux. " "Twere time
the varlet had his lashing! D'ye hear
her?"
"Barber or no barber," answered Moly
neux. "I wish I had warned him. He
lights as few gentlemen could. Ah— ah!
Look at that! 'TLs a shame!"
On foot, his hat gone, his white coat
t-adly rent and cashed, flecked, too, with
red. M. Beaucaire, wary, alert, brilliant,
seemed to transform himself into a dozen
fencing-masters; and, though his skill ap
peared to lie in delicacy and quickness,
his play being continually with the point,
sheer strength failed to beat him down.
The young man was laughing like a child.
"Believe me," tald Molyneux. "he's no
barber! No. and never was!"
For a moment there was even a chance
that M.' Beaucairo might have. the best
of It. Two of his adversaries were pros
trate, more than one were groaning, and
the Indomitable Frenchman had actually
almost beat off the ruffians, when, by a
trick, he was overcome. One of them,
dismounting, ran in suddenly from be
hind, and seized his blade in a thick
leather gauntlet. Before Beaucaire could
disengage the weapon, two others threw
themselves 'from their horses^ and hurled
him to the earth. "A mol! A mol. Fran
cois!" he cried as he' went down, his
eword in fragments, - but his voice un
broken and clear. . " ,
"Shame!" muttered one or two of the
gentlemen about the coach: •
"Twas dastardly to take him so," said
Monsieur Beaucaire
Molyneux. "Whatever his deservlngs,
I'm nigh of a mind to offer him a rescue
in the Duke's face." ,
"Truss, him up. lads,", said the heavy
Voice. "Clear the way in' front of the
coach. There 6lt those whom we avenge
upon a presumptuous lackey. Now;
Whiff en, you have a . fair audience; lay
on and bast* nlm."
Two men beran to drag M. Beaucaire
toward a great oak by the roadside. An
other took from his saddle a heavy whip
with three thongs.
"A mol. Francois !"
There was borne on the breeze an an
swer—"Monseigneur! Monselgneur!" The'
cry grew louder suddenly. The clatter
of hoofs urged to an anguish of speed
sounded, on tho night. M. Beaucalre' s
servants had lagged sorely behind, but
they made up for It now. Almost be
fore the noise of their own steeds they
came riding down the moonlit aisle be
tween the mists. Chosen men, these ser
vants of Beaucaire, and like a thunder
bolt they fell upon the astounded cav
aliers.
"Chateaurien 1 Chateaurien!" they
shouted, and smote so swiftly that,
through lack of time, they showed no
proper Judgment, discriminating nothing
between non-combatants and their mas
ter's foes. They charged first Into the
group about M. Beaucaire, and broke
and routed it utterly. Two :of them
leaped to the young man's side, while
the other four; swerving, scarce losing
the momentum of their onset, bore on
upon the gentlemen near the coachj-who
went down beneath the fierceness of tho
onslaught, cursing manfully. -
"Our Just deserts," 6aid Mr. Molyneux,
his mouth full of dust and philosophy.
5 Sir Hugh Guilford's horse fell with him,
being literally -ridden over, and the
baronet's leg was 'pinned under the sad
dle. In less than ten minutes from the
first attack on M. Beauraire. the attack-
Ing party had fled in disorder. . and the
patrician non-combatants, choking with
expletives, consumed with wrath, were
prisoners, disarmed by tho Frenchman's
lackeys.
Guilford's ' discomfiture had freed ' the
doors of the coach; so it was that when .
M. Beaucalre, struggling to rise, assisted
by his servants, threw out one hand to
balance himself, he found It seized be
tween two small, cold palms, and he .
looked into two warm, dilating eyes, • that
were doubly beautiful because : of the
fright and rage that found room In
them, too.
M. le Due do Chateaurien sprang to
his feet without the aid of. his lackeys, •
and • bowed low before Lady Mary.
"I make ten thousan' apology to be
the cause of such a melee in your pres
ence," he said; and* then, turning to
Francois, he spoke,in French :V "Ah; thoiiv
Booth Tarkington
scoundrel! A little, and it had been- too
"late." •.; '\u0084'\u25a0\u25a0 ;.•'•;-"; '-Q • \u25a0 \u25a0 : v :: '-.';',.; : '\u25a0[' *'
Francois knelt lnthe' dust before him.
"Pardon!" he caidY "Monseigneur com
manded us to follow far in the rear, to
remain unobserved. The i wind malignant
ly blew against monselsneur's voice." \u0084
' "See what. It' might have > cost,- my
children," said. his master, pointing to the ;
ropes with which they would have bouna'
him and to the whip lying beside them.
A shudder/ passed over the .lackey's
frame; the utter horror In his face _
echoed In the eyes of his fellows?,* :' ;
"Oh, monselgneur!". - Francois, J sprang \u25a0
back,* and tossed - his arms . to : heaven.
- "But lt;dld not happen," said M. Beau : .
calre. ' h . • . , /
"It could not!" exclaimed Francois/ A
"No." And you did very well, my chll-:
dren— " \u25a0 the young man . emiled ' benev
olently—"very well. And now," he con
tinued, turning to Lady, Mary and speak
ing in English, "let me be"- asking of ;pur
gallants .yonder . what make them , to be .
in cabal with highwaymen.' : One should
come to a polite understanding with
them, you think? . Not so?*'. V'!•• < -'!••
He bowed, offering hl& - hand to.-her'
to conduct her to, the coach, where Moly-«"
neux and - his companions, having 'drawn
Sir Hugh from under his' horse.' were
engaged In reviving and reassuring
Lady Rtllerton, who had fainted. But
Lady Mary stayed Beaucairo with a ges
ture, and the two stood where \u25a0 they
were. , V. .
"Monseigneur!" 'she said, with ;«, note
of raillery In her, voice, but raillery, so
tender that he started with * happiness.
His movement brought him a hot' spasm
of pain, and he clapped his hand to a
red stain on his waistcoat. :' r *
"You are hurt!" ;
"It Is nothing," smiled M. Beaucalre.
Then, that she might noVsee ' the ' stain
spreading, he held his- handkerchief
over the spot. ."1 am & little— but jus*
a trifling— bruise'; 'tis; all."
"You . shall ride In the coach," she
whispered.* "Will you i bo pleased, M.
do Chateaurien?" '
"Ah, my beautiful!" . Bho seemed to
wave before him like a shining mist.
"I wish that' ridojmlghtt las' for al
ways ! Can > you • say, - that, made
moiselle?" :': '_ '">" •_ ; '\u25a0•.,\u25a0•* .'•-'• .\u25a0". ,V ....
"Monseigneur," she s cried In , a pas
slori)of admiration,- "I -.would; what you
would have be, should be. , What' do
you not deserve ?.-\ You , are the bravest
man in the T world 1 ", \ . •
'"Ha, ha! I- am Jus', a poor.French
man." • -."'•"-•/_ v '••'. o. - .\'^ ''\u0084':';'\u25a0
"Would that a" few Englishmen had
shown ';. themselyes as ; 'poor' :^' to-night.'
The ;* vile =.' cowards,? not .to. .; help ; % yqu !"
With Tthat,; suddenly • possessed J by (her
THE i: 3AN :;FRANGISGO^ : SUNDAY : CALL.
anger, \u25a0 she swept away from' him to
the coach. : \
Sir Hugh, groaning loudly, was being
assisted Into > the vehicle. . ;\u25a0*; \u25a0 ;
S"My : little poltroons," she -said, '.'what
are you :dolng. with; your fellow-craven,
Sir i Hugh' Guilford," ; there?" , ' ' .;,,
"Madam," ; replied j Molyneux : humbly,
"Sir Hugh's \u25a0; leg is •. broken/ Lady ;. Reller
ton graciously 1 permits him to be taken
in.'\; ,'*' V" '. ~ - V.; •'-/- i 1i 1 '\/~','\ . .
"I do not permit -t! . M. de Chateau
rien ridesr with > us."; '^^E% : -.
V "Sir! ,_ Leave the wretch .'to: groan .by - ;
the roadside." -she cried; fiercely, "which >
plight-'!-^ would; were; that of all .of you!*;
But there. wlli'be apretty story for the -!
gossips to-morrow!' ; And I; 'could Val-"*.
most find pity: for, you when -I, think of r
.the "wits ;; when - you to V town;
Fine gentlemen you; nardy bravoes, by
heaven! to leave one man to meet a
troop \u25a0 of '-..'\u25a0' horse single-handed, while
you huddle In shelter until you are
overthrown and disarmed by servants!
Oh, the wits! heaven save you from
the wits!"
"Madaln."
."Address me.no more!. M. de Cha
teaurien; Lady Rellerton and I will
greatly esteem the honor of your com
pany. Will you come?".
She stepped quickly into the coach,
and was gathering her skirts to* make
room for the Frenchman, when a heavy
voice spoke from 'the shadows of tho
tree by the wayside.
"Lady Mary Carlisle will., no doubt,
listen to a word of counsel on this
point."
'The -Duke, of Winterset rode out Into
the moonlight, untying, a
.mask from his head.' He had not
shared, the Wight *of his followers, but
had; retired' Into the shade of the oak,
whence -he , now ..made his presence
known with the 'utmost coolness, "s
"Gracious. \lieavens, 'tis Winterset!"
exclaimed Lady, Relief ton.
'.'Turned highwayman and cutthroat,"
cried^ady Mary. . • '
' "No, no,"laughedM. Beaucaire, some
. what unsteadily.- as he stood, swaying
'a little,' with- one 'hand on the coach
door, the other, . pressed hard on his
Eide, "he only oversee': he Is jus' v a lit
tle 1 bashful ; sometime.'* He is i a great
man, but he, don' want all the glory!"
"Barber." replied the Duke, "I must
tell, you that* I gladly.descend to bandy
words with ; you ; your monstrous im
pudence is a claim 'to rank I cannot
ignore. But a lackey who has himself
followed by six other lackeys "t" t
J'HaV: ha! Has not -M. le Due been
busy all this evening to justify me?
An'dl think mine mus' be the bes' six.
Ha, ha! You think?" - ;
"M. de Chateaurien," said Lady. Mary,
"we are waiting if or you." -
: . " "Pardon,", he replied. "He has some-,
thing to say; maybe it Is bes' if you
hear it now."
. "I wish to hear nothing from him—
e'ver!" ? ",-.V.'-. "
\u0084 "My faith/ madam," : cried the Duke,
"this saucy fellow has paid ,>you the
last insult! * He" is s so/sure of /you ; he
does not fear you will believe the^truth.
When'all Is: told, Mf .you do not.: agree
he deserved V the : lashing we planned
to— f-" "" * \u25a0\u0084>..;,;•'
' ."I'llthear no^more!"
\u25a0 "You will: bitterly repent it, madam.
For your own" sake . I entreat- : "':
* "And I also," i broke in M. Beaucaire.
"Permit l me/" r mademoiselle ; let . him
Bpeak." \u0084-.. ;••:'•.-•-.•. v- •\u25a0, -'.- \u25a0'..:". \u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0';. V;
: "Then let "him be brief,'**, said Lady,
Mary, . "for 111 1 am earn est to be .quit of
him. < His ; explanation of an attack on
my,friend'and on my carriage should be
made to my brother." :, \u25a0 .
......... v \u0084. .. , \u0084.. \u0084_ - , . , .
"Alas that he was not nere." saia the
Duke, "to aid me! i Madam, was your
carriage threatened? I have endeav
ored onl>' to | expunge a debt I owed ,to
Bath and to avenge an insult offered to
yourself through — *-"
"Sir, sir. my patience will bear littlo
more!"
"A thousan' apology," said M. Beau
caire. "You will listen, I only beg,
Lady Mary?" i
. She made an angry gesture of assent.
\u25a0 "Madam, I "will" be brief as I may.
Two months ago there came to Bath a
French gambler calling himself Beau
caire. a desperate fellow with the cards
-or dice, and all the men of fashion went
to play, at his lodging, where he won
considerable sums. . He was small, wore
a black wig and mustachio. He had
the insolence to show himself every
where until the Master of Ceremonies
rebuffed him in the pump-room, as you
know, and after that he forbore his
visits to the rooms. Mr. Nash explained
(and was confirmed. _ madam, ; by in
dubitable information) that this Beau
.calre was a man of unspeakable, vile,
low birth, being, in fact, no other than
a lackey .of the French King's Embass
ador, Victor by name,, de Mlrepoix's
barber. ; Although his condition was
known, the hideous impudence of the
•fellow did not desert him. and he re
mained in Bath, where none would
speak to him."
t "Is your farrago nigh done, sir?"
""?A/ -few, moments, madam. 'One
evening,, three weeks gone, I observed
a very elegant equipage draw up to
my door,, and the Duke of Chateaurien
was announced. The young man's man
ners were worthy; — according to . the
French acceptance^and 'twere idle to*
deny, him the most monstrous assur
ance. He-declared , - himself a noble
traveling f or^- pleasure. He had • taken
lodgings in Bath for a season, he said,
and called: at once Uo pay his respects
to. me. -His tone was so candid— ln
truth, I am the simplest of men, very
easily ; gulled— and his stroke so bold,
that I did' not for one moment suspect
him; i and «. to ™? /poignant regret
though In - the . humblest spirit I have
shown myself eager to atone^ — that very
evening I had the shame of presenting
him to yourself."
/"The shame,'* sir!"
VHave - patience, pray, madam. Aye,
the shame! You know what .figure he
hath, cut in; Bath* since, that .evening.
Aliiran liierrlly .with;hlm until several
days : ago i Captain Badger , denounced
him as aii impostor, vowing that Cha
teaurien . was ; nothing."
. "Pardon." Interrupted M. Beaucalre..
" 'Castle; Nowhere' would have been so
much , better. ;" Why; did - you not make
him It that way, monsieur?".
' Lady, iftary started; she. was looking
at J.the Duke, and \u25a0 her \u25a0 face ..was white.
He ; continued: ;. "Poor Captain ; Badger
•was stabbed that same day **
"Most befitting poor Captain Badger,*
mattered Molyneux.
" — And his adversary had the marr*
lous Insolence to declare that he t ought
In my quarrel! This afternoon th«
wounded man sent for me, and Im
parted a very horrifying intelligence.
He had discovered a lackey whom h«
had Been waiting upon Beaucaire In
attendance at the door of this Chateau
rlen's lodging 1 . Beaucalre had dis
appeared the day before Chateaurlen'»
arrival. Captain Badger looked closely
at Chateaurien at their next meeting,
and identified him with the missing
Beaucalre beyond the faintest doubt.
Overcome with indignation, he Imme
diately proclaimed the impostor. Out
of regard to me, .he -Id not charge him
with being Beaucaire; the poor aoul
was unwilling to put upon mo *the>
humiliation of having Introduced a
barber; but the secret weighed upon'
him until ho sent for me and put every
thing in my hands. I accepted tna
odium; thinking only of atonement. X
went to Sir John Wlaipledon'a fete.. X
took "poor Sir Hugh, there, and theso
other gentlemen aside, and told them
my news. Wo narrowly observed this
man. and were shocked at our simplic
ity in not having discovered him before.
These are men of honor and cool judg
ment, madam. Mr. Molyneux had acted
for him in the affair of Captain Badger,
and was strongly prejudiced in his
'favor; but Mr. Molyneux. Sir Hugh. Mr.
Bantison. every one of them, in short,
recognized him. In spite of .his smooth
face and his light hair, the adventurer .
Beaucalre r/as writ upon him amazlns
plain. Look at him. madam. If he will
dare the inspection. You saw this
Beaucaire well, the day of his expul
sion from the rooms. Is not this he?"
M. Beaucaire stepped close to her.
Her pale face twitched.
"Look!" he said.
"Oh, oh!" she whispered with a dry
throat,, and fell back in the carriage.
"Is It so?" cried the Duke.
"1 do not know — I — cannot tell."
"One moment more. I begged^ these
gentlemen to allow me to wipe out the
Insult I had unhappily offered to Bath,
but particularly to you. They agreed
not to forestall me or to interfere. I
left Sir John Wimpledon's early, and
arranged to give the sorry rascal a
lashing under your own eyes, a satis
faction due the lady into whose pres
ence he had dared to force himself."
" " 'Noblesse oblige'?" said M. Beau
caire in a tone of gentle Inquiry.
"And now, madam." said the Duke,
"I will detain you not one second long
er. 1^ plead the good purpose of my In
tentions, begging you to believe that
the desire to avenge a hateful outrage,
next to the wish to serve you. forms
the dearest motive In the heart of Win
terset."
. "Bravo!" cried Beaucalre softly.
Lady Mary leaned toward him, a
thriving terror in her eyes. "It 13
false?"- she faltered. »
"Monsieur should not have been born
•o high. He could have made littlo
book.**
"You mean It is false?" she cried
breathlessly.
"'Od's blood, is she not convinced?"
broke out Mr. Bantison. "Fellow, were
you not the Embassador's barber?"
"It is all falser' she whispered.
"The mes' fine art, mademoiselle. How
long you think It take M. de Winterset
to learn that speech after he write it
out? It Is a mix of what is true and
the mos' chaste ar^t. Monsieur fcas be
come a man of letters. Perhaps he may
enjoy that more than the wars. Ha.
ha!"
Mr., Bantison burst Into a roar of
laughter. "Do French gentlemen fight
lackeys? Ho, ho, ho! A pretty country.
We English do as was done to-night,
have our servants beat them."
"And attend ourselves." added M.
Beaucaire. looking at the Duke, "some
what in the background? But, pardon."
he mocked, "that remind" me. Fran
cois, return to Mr. Bantison and these
gentlemen their weapons."
"Will you answer a question?" said
Molyneux mildly.
*;Oh. with pleasure, monsieur."
"Were. you ever a barber?"
"No, monsieur," laughed the young
man.
"Pah!" exclaimed Bantison. "Let m«
question him. Now, fellow, a confes
sion may save you from jalL Do you
deny you are Beaucalre?"
"Deny to a such judge?" * ,
"Ha!" said Bantison. "What more do
you want, Molyneux? Fellow, do you
deny that you came to London In the
Embassador's suite?"
"No. I do not deny.**
. "He admits it! Didn't you come as
his barber?**.
"Yes. my frien*. as his barber."
Lady Mary cried out faintly, and,
shuddering, put both hands over her
eyes.
"I'm sorry."" said Molyneux. , "You
fight like a- gentleman."
"I thank you. monsieur."
"You called yourself BeaucalreT*. -
"Yes, monsieur." He was swaying. to
and fro; his servants ran to support
him. . . .
"I wish — " continued Molyneux. hesi
tating. "Evil take me— r but I'm sorry
you're, hurt."
"Assist Sir Hugh into my carriage."
said Lady Mary.
"Fatfewell, mademoiselle!" M. Beau
calre's voice was very faint. Hl3 eyes
were fixed upon her face. She did not
look toward him.
' They were propping Sir Hugh on the
cushions. The Duke rode up close to
Beaucalre, but Francois seized hl3
bridle fiercely, and forced the horsa
back on Its haunches.
-; "The man's . servants worship him,"
said* Molyneux.
"Curse your Insolence!" exclaimed the
Duke. "How much am I to bear from
thl3 varlet and his varlets? Beaucalre.'
if you have not left Bath by to-morrow
noon.' you will be clapped Into Jail, and
the lashing you escaped to-night shall
be giv«n you thrice tenfold!"
"I shall be— ln the — Assembly — Room
at 9^— o'clock, ono week—from—to
night," answered th» young man, smil
ing jauntily, though his lips were color
less. The words cost him nearly all hl3
.breath and strength. "You mus*. keep
in the — backgroun', monsieur. Ha,
ha!"
The door of the coach closed with a
slam.
"Mademoiselle— fare — well!"
"Drive" op!" said Lady Mary.
M. Beaucaire followed the carr!ag«
with his eyes. As the noise of tha
wheels and the hoof-beats of the ac
companying cavalcale grew fainter in
the' distance the handkerchief he had
held against hl3 : side dropped into the
white dust, a heavy red splotch.
"Only — roses," he gasped./ and fell
back In the arms of his sejrvanta. ;,
(Concluded Next Sunday.) ,Children and the Art of dressing
Them
IT AU. happened at a tea.
My idtji, I mean,
i r think it was the first small tea of
the reason, but in some respects it
was the nest amusing function
which 1 have attended in many years.
And the reason was simply this:
.All the young matrons of the last five
years were there, and baby talk prevailed
—till at last the unmarried ones had to
1 iH their hands to their cars and beg for
mercy.
Gradually, however, the standard of the
ci livers nt ion "<vas raised from the topic
<j£ the children to that or their clothes;
and at this jioint ray interest was some
vhat enlisted and I began to listen.
1 thought ihat possibly me subject of
young girls' dresses might be an interest
ing one— possiWy as interesting as the
fashionable garments of the women of
society.
"I always dress my baby in white
la-cvn," declared one of our wealthy young
matrons.
**Oh. I don't."' exclaimed another; "mine
always wears creepers, and can have a
g-ood lime playing in the dirt."
"How do you dress your little girl, Mrs.
H.?" ask<o one.
I became myre and more Interested then
and really waited -with something like
eagerness for the answer, because I knew
that Mrs. H. is a woman of good sense,
ami g-ood judgment.
"But. " the answered, "my baby is no
longer a I aby. fche is a 'little girl,' and
has already begun lc go to school."
This announcement made the topic in
h'tnd net! more interesting- than before.
The fact that baby dresses, which might
| be as dainty and elaborate as possible,
had been put aside, and real dresses were
ujider consideration proved of the great
est interest to the young mothers.
. Naturally they asked eagerly for ideas
'about school dresses. But Mrs. H. said:
"Simple things are the best for school
giris."
oomehow this suggestion did not seem
t» be greeted with enthusiasm — it ap
peared to close the discussion too ab
rcpilyl By way cf opening it up again,
one very attractive young woman said:
•"&& 1 saw such a pretty little dress at
Ma-giiir.'s the other day, and when my
little girl is elder 1 w ant her to have one
just 'like it."
From the description which she then
" gave <jf this dreSs that had pleased her
.'so much, I should Imagine l:iat It was a
• very elaborate iiffair, indeed.
Gradually 1 learned a great deal about
j baby's raiment, and the gradual develop
ment of it. from the long slips, then to
the -short dresses, and next to the creep
ers, T.hich seem to be such a sensible In
vention. After this comes the miniature
combination suit of bloomers and waist,
\u25a0which prelects delicate dresces from
; much of the unavoidable v.-rar and tear,
end. besides, gives r-cal comfort to the
child. All this more than compensates
y.or whatever they may lack of dainti
ness of appcarar.ee.
• Until a Istt!e girl reaches the ase of 4
or 3 the matrirna can indulge in every pos
it ibie whim as to the children's dresses.
Nothing is too sweet and pretty for them.
French baby clothes 3re simply ador
able!
* When I v.as m Paris last year one cf
my friends gave me a commission to buy
some baby dresses for her little girl. Al
thiugh 1 was appalled at the limitations
of my own judgment and experience in
buying bab'cs* dresses, I found that all
,J had to do «\is to s« to the Grand Mai
son dc Blanc, on the Boulevard dcs Ca
ywcizut, ay-il there were babies' dresses of
pit sorts, kinds and prices, enough to
irakc o::c's head swim.
The hand work was maivelous!
Hand work is such « fad nowadays
that nothing would be satisfactory cx
; cept earrr.esjts made and embroidered
and tuclied by hand. Thousands of Utt'e
•tucks run by hand ate put on the
tiny Arrests, and beautiful hand embroid
ery ;s -added, to excite the envy and ad-
B::rat:jn of mothers who long to see their
little ones . prettily dressed.
But the cost of these bcuuUful orna
mented irariticnts! It rr.ak.~3 one gasp
to note the fabulous prices which are
p-jt in ;:ar.d embroidery.
Therefore I venture to advise mothers
t."J:o with to j>*>c their small children clad
1r hand-embroidered dresses to take
CHIMMIE FADEN AND THE REFORMER
t t "TV 7T **" SONY' I says, "did you
I\ / r " cr <s€e a political reformer
I \r »lt a double chin; did you
ever know a tariff tinker
who eou!d sins a song «r
;*m&k7 a uvneb? Be careful. Kiddie," i
feays. '"cr you'll get dts ting on dc brain.
and dtr. you'll have nutting else dx-re.-antl
your irtus Will fiy frora you like you was
a > -cllox.' fever. Have netting to do wit
tings dat is not like edde-r tings, and
you'll live to be a good old man wit a
tligeftlon and bank account."
.1 had to trive the; con a clraigM talk
•because 1 ec»:i de danger he was in. and
knew dat if 1 Gidn't put hira right sit de
beginning be might toiu out a reformer
and break his fadder's heart.
Dis was de «*ay of it: Kiddie ccmes
home from Ms school for a week-end
Oi'.ee a mont. and he's wit us now. I
*iij~ asking him how ...is Idtning was get
ting on, and he tays it 'was all to de
good, tor Lv sure would make de foot
ball team. But he tells me dat be had
,be«.u eu doddered in his coco by some
ting a upper clacs teacher said ho was
way oft i;i hirs indoors practice wit <le
duiumy he has to tackle low so as to
£t-t dc- Ecieritc of irunning a runner hard
enough to j>ut him out of de game.
•"What wii* it he said. Kiddle?" I
asks. "No teacher has a right to bod
•dtr de coco of dt school boys so much as
What was he eayingT"
•J hears it from one of de b!g boys
—for i don't loin d«t study yet— political
*conotr.y. But <* s Wff ho >' conies to me.
and he says Cat New York has no Sena
tor in \Va*h!ii£ton, and 1 ought to be
Vharatd of raes?!f. So 1 poked him in de
noi», ar.'l 1 got <i:s black eye; and I want
to ki.ow v.hv t!s is so— dat de teacher
.-,-Ty.t N«iv VorJ: has no Bcaator in Wach
lreton."
"Vvu done right to poke him in de
nose, me json." £ says, "because dat
was not a nice ting for de boy to say.
..-,'\u25a0- \u25a0 \u25a0 - •
ELIZABETH AMES
lessons in embroidery— unless, Indeed,
they are already proficient In the^art—
and to make the little dresses at home.
It is very pretty work— no fancy won.
is prettier— and is very easy. Like many
other things it is very simple when one
knows how. V
A plain little dress with a hand-em
broidered yoke is very sweet and simple,
and is easily made at home. \u25a0
But when the time comes . to . go to
schooi. from six to twelve years of age,
then the little girls' dresses Involve eerl
ous thought. My friend, Mrs. . 11., in
whose judgment I had greM confidence,
very wisely, as it seemed to me, warned
all the young mothers against the pos
sible error of ovet dressing school girls.
She still urjred simplicity In dress.
AH this conversation excited ray cur
iosity, and decided me to look up the
subject of the -fashions for young girls',
dresses, and I find that Dame Fashion
has not overlooked this department. On
the contrary, the different 'fp«h*r* '^re
many and varied. J _ _
Like the styles of the:r mothers or old
er sisters, the sleeves of tL2 : children's
dresses must be large at the top and
ti£ht at the wrist, and the skirts must
he full or gorid. In short, they follow
in those particulars the fashions of all
the women's dresses of the day. Prob
ably the best style of dress for young
school girls is a pretty dark blue serge
sailer suit, which is comfortable, and
warm enough, and always looks neat.
Besides, it admits of the "more or less
rough usage incident to play time. -
The Russian blouse suit is also at
tractive and pretty. It is very simple,
but usually very becoming 1 to all chil
dren. The straight lines of it, together
with a long-waistcd belt effect, give
this kind of suit a very "stylish appear
ance. It can be made or bought In
different materials?, but for winter wear
blue serge eeems the most sensible. If,
however, serge may prove ~to be too
warm for some children, heavy linen
or duck can be substituted. '
Aprons are no longer', worn now —
more's the pity, for they . were "moth
er's delight." And so it results that
when a child gets home from school
the tirst thing Tor her to do is to
change her school dress for a play
dress. A play dress. It is' needless to
*a>'. must be madu of some material
that will stand rough usage and a lot
of wear and tear — like g-insrham, which
is not only strong-, but neat and pretty.
Of course it 'Is most important to
cultivate in all children, boys ;is' \vell
as girls, habits of neatness and order,
but still they should be permitted one
But it's a pity son« one doesn't poke
de teacher in do nose,. He's do mug
what ifhould get tirty days in jail. No
Senator from" New» York! Me son, we
has two of de finest. Dcy is ctit out
for team woik; one of 'cm \u25a0never made
a speech in his life, and de o«l«ier never
made iinyt'ug: clpe. Can you beat 'cm?"
. If it wasn't dat. I haa such a -good
job where I am I'd g-o to dat • school
and teach dat frame— political", 'con
oiny. I know politics; I know dat it' is
a trade dat is governed like cyiry
odder trade or commerce, dat it is jjov
jerncd by de law of, supply and' be
damned. Where a ffood 13
called for dere Ls a good supply; of 'em
«v hand; \rliere only a second-rate
article is wanted, of course de. supply
pets a bit moldy and frazzled. . But
New York? .What? We wants dc best
In de market and we gets it.
I tells me son sometingr like «Ms, and
yet he Is woozy on, de proposition, for
he suye dat de same teacher told de
big- boys dat Senators should>epresent
all de people of do Stages. '.*
On de level, did ;(ou ever hear such
rot like dat? One of our Senators rep
resents de railroads and de odder de ex
press companies.*' 1 Isn't dey better, dan
dc people? Has de people, afiy rail
roads for to be took care (of? Has dey
any express graft to be keptin;order?
What right have de people to butt In
and try to get a Senator?- I tell you,
boss, dat dis matter is governed by de
law of supply and bedamned,- and you
can't get away from dat. If de people
had a supply of ! railroads or express
companies tucked away In- deir- Jean*
pockets, den it wquld be time for dem
to set up a holler for a Senator or two;!
but while dey has only a supply of hot
air. where do dey come in on de propo
sition? '^' *
But it isn't 'dat.de teacher teaches de
Uids such foolishness dat I gets ; grouty
—it's because dey teaches anyting about
d.c matter at all.
Listen: You can't keep your Uncle
" ~ V , - \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0
dress-in' which they can play and romp
to their hearts' content."*
It is very important. 'especially, for
girls, that when they coma to" the table
Sammy from- de bunko mwu He's too
good a, mark; he is. too easy, ancl when '•
you start out to try to keep him off
de Rialto and away from -de sure-tinu r
\u25a0men* you. start Jo make yoursel? dippy.
1 tells- me son dat herMlnever be tup-,
tain of his football \u25a0 team if he tries ,to :
dope. .out .who ; is \u0084dc people, un-i wliat
dcy is. : Da man dal" tinks gran'd l luughts
about de people" never will sat a lobk-iii
at detebiple of fame -while dere is. places '\u25a0_
wanted dare for.de lad dut rnakesa.new
record for trunning de. hammer or putting
de shot. *;~ . ' '', -" '\u25a0 :. '.
Leave politicsfor de politicians— what
do we pay *env for? -Don't : go growling
all: over de lot when you are -keeping a
dog to bar«'for. you. S ;
.~'.You never '1 saw .a -man who -..has. big ;
ideas about, de ; rights of .de< people root-:
Ing at a baseball game, growing" a boat :
for fun, or coasting down hill on a eled
filled wit kiddles. • ' \u25a0 , ,- ...
When I'd told ras son dis he .wasn't j
satisfied yet. and he -says dat de teach
er told dc class dat de people had a
right to votes in de Senate as wpII j as ;
de railroads \ and de express companies.' ''
So I Bays: "Look "herei me boy, did
de teacher 'say.', who: was ; de -people?
Ain't! I de, people \u25a0 as much; as him? If :
I wanted a job in > do "Custom-house I
wouldn't Igct it? Sure I would, be- •
causo Whiskers would ' tell s our Senators
to give It to '.'mcA Whiskers 1 carrying a :
carffd of stock3 \u25a0 and bonds | in deir,eom
panles; Your teacher is like- de rest
of his kirid--he's;dlppy. But/don't be
hard on him. Now dat I has-'glve you v
good advice, don't. be<' afraid v to \u25a0 loin
what he teaches you— only \u25a0 forget it. .c 1 1
want you: to be a- great l - scholars-only^
don'tlet it sink.in. ;; ..rnv.no great^ schol-\
ar, , bo yoii will* always \u25a0 have \ some one
handy \u25a0to \u25a0 put you: wise/; place \ you - next,/,
tell you how; tings really, is.\; Take*yOur •
teacher's teachings,' for dey .will do; you -
no harm Jnow dat ;you knows\what" dey i
really means; ; arid ;. de teachers 5 must ;
earn • a livtifgr, : I -.supposeW^But '• whentf
you need to be told'de trute ab6ut v such\
THE ; SAN : ERANGISCO; { SUNDA Y \u25a0 v \GjilMi
they should be spotlessly clean ; and
neat, land " that '8t dinner J tjfey should
change their, dress and shouidbe made
to look asswect and as pretty as possi- '
bie. .. '". . ' ;\u25a0•; - '\u25a0"•;• ;.'_ \u25a0.
There are certain changes that a young
girl- otlght to have, merely as a: matter
of propriety ( and ; comfoYt. " In ' winter,
for example. ' she .should be provided,
with two good schdol dresses, four play
drcK3es that can he washed, and two
"bcKt" dresses'" for, occasions. ," y
Then there should bo a school : coat,
a dressy coat and, If possible, a, rain
tins*a eorae' to your ; daO.Ha'll never
l.iin dose dippy ; tings -and can always
b<? \ reljcd to . Keep * his head clear and
.wise.""--- - ; ; '.'.'\u25a0'.:> :i 'v. \u25a0>.'-\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0 • ;/ -'
1 u-as • glad^dtit Kidd ie . had ; de game
put 1 up", to hiiii early,' '.when ; it /would
do him Tittle, 'liH-rtn:'; Some" folks ;'don't r
l'.Ciir of sucli, tilths as dft teachery was
saying iintil «Jey 1 i^ too ; old to get :oyer,
It easy, and: dtn it's -ta-ta.; to easeiof
mind \ itnd good ;dig«stion»-,^What's de
dey isn't' when: it's so easy to take 'em
dc way dey is? ; ...'/; '*' : v .
It's In de blood, of some mugs ,to go
dotty on j reformvaiid' dc \u25a0lights'of ide t
people. Once • when 'l was .to >\yp.sh-":
irigton wJt Mr. ; Paul, tie takes'iheVto
de - gallery where we "could - ?^sec-'-d-e-*
-Senate at. work." I pipes 'em off ': and
Mr. Paul was piping nic off. "After ; a
. whi le *he - says,, "Chames," ". he, says, "can {
you; pick - out' de ;frens\of '.reform"', and:
de people \u25a0; and den pick out ' de ; gents
dat is, here ndt.for deir liealts?"^. ~
./ ,:,"Dat'B, too; easy, ; sir," ;I; says, = and ; I
checks 1 off , de gang. All dose dat , looks 1
leaji . and I serlou3 -arid :ea ger and' poor, .
and i had ' lots ; of. coco ; above deir , oar 3. *
what looks : ; like .' dey : r i hired ; \u25a0' to ;
watch a'; bank and had a 1a 1 tip dat a gank'
of yeggmen; was"comlnV ? dataway,^dat^
\u25a0scerns.tp be shy Jon^ valets and longrioru
wririkleß. ; dat : keeps in v delr 'seats 1 and
listen s :to \u25a0 tie r Bpeechc*?,'- 1. puts • down 4 on ;;
one side. On ', the odder r I puts_down all I
de double J chin boys, ;de>la4sdatf goes j:
most to '; the cloakroomaj for j a cigar and '\u25a0\u25a0
a nap, dat looks prosperous ] and i 'sleek ;
an<l \ content, -and '.was ;long,- ori i close [ and ;
short "on .worry,? dat kwas^taking* things "
easy.; and \u25a0; -'looks llkej dry was-pityingifle;
odoer' mugs— dose I : puts down on ; the od- 5.
derjlist. . '\u25a0'\u25a0 .:'/;...":' ; "" \\ K \-~'' -
1 . Air. Paul ; he looks iat me ; lists, and
den he kind of laughs and he? says: r
.•-Which-is.which?^ :.; ••;..,. \'J ,_'\ \u25a0.-,; '.\.y- ,. -.V '.\u25a0\u25a0':
;.'; .' "Don' t : ask * nje, '; sir," 'I . says. "I'd .be
asliamed^ to 'guess aloud such an V. ca ?y:
ohejaS'dat.**."; ; ::':'- :- r >" \u25a0 'V : '•-' ;;\ .:\u25a0; -::.':'\u25a0_\u25a0. .
- -"VWelli U ; was telling: \u25a0} Mr. -Paul Vwhat
\u25a0 V "\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 :, : :•::\u25a0:.-.::\u25a0\u25a0,'. ;\u25a0-:': :,.;'. \u25a0-. \u25a0•
Kiddle'* told nieiof 'del teacher, , and- be
tells It to* Whiskers to get a f be out
of him.; He grot it all r|ght. ••"• Whishevs
put up a'; tstack of for dat. school
years ago when it needed it In its busi
nea, and 'he was for-golng- dere, by de
next : train and. have dat teacher ; fired.
' "He's *. : no boitei\ ; dan a: ' nannychtst!"
he says. ,V"Tin gs : has, come to a \u25a0 pretty
pass," ; he says. ; "if /de morals of de
youts : of de nation :, Is to :be corrupted
at", de.pump.". .1 have : seenf In some r of.
tie ' papers de | same : .wicked tings I dat
dat. narinychist teacher says; dat New
York' is"- not- represented? in de: Senate.
Whoj lsn't fcpi-escnted? vlsn'tv Isn't de con r
scrvative," vested "interest class repre
sent-M/.I want'to know? I .' .
"Better in or beloved State dan in
most States, 'V says Mr. Paul. ,
:, "I 5-hould;; fink so!", says
"Do de ,iiannyehlsts ; anci^.-Huns tink dat
we who—wit-., de twiddows and \u25a0 orphans
have j" our x money-Invested 'In " railroads
and - express .companies, '\u25a0; Is : to go unrepre
sented in' \ dc;. Senate?: Nonsense!,: Do de
peoplfl tink -^dat- we; are going to' let a-lot
of \u25a0 ta riff A tinkers and'- rate ' raiders -\ break
into do Senate! and scatter, nanna,chy, J ahd
disorder and i free ; trade *knd bombs and
reform arid dynamite all over de; coun
try?".' . ' \-' ""\u25a0;.' ; ;' \ " ~> *'
•"I should 'hope inot.w sir," say 3 Mr.
Paul.' v 'l-rcrnihci you of an Incident which
show« what do people really; tink^of nan
ny chists and; bomb^trowers.- Once a citi
zen said- he would tgiye'. his "life for.free
trade-f and . de "', people elect him
Mayor of | New 4 York.?; : Den • de \be
gan 'to I tink ? more iof ; his I life and 5 lesis -of
free: trade," and de;ide4ighted people made
hlm';Presidcnt. • Dis beautiful incident OC7
cur red * some :.'\u25a0 hund rad years *. ago/: so » you
may'. have:' forgot it."''; -\u25a0•!:"" :;' i -l i: ' \u25a0 •
'-Whiskers • he ; grins.; and he says : C "No,
I haven' t \u25a0 forgot \u0094 it-^nor has "1 de citizen
you^refer^to." ,\ \u25a0,* -, ;.\u25a0'--
r."l.wohder,'what':dey"was talking about!
;: , ' EDWARD IWiTOWNSEND.^ '
(Copyright, 1205, by; Ed ward" W.'jTowns-
coat— and then a school hat and a best
hat,, to say nothing of two er three
. changes of shoes. *
The nicest coat for girls that I have
seen this 'year is the English red walk-
Ing coat. This coat is made of heavy
red cloth, and the cut of it Is very
'stylish In appearance, as it is In the
fashionable. English style. The skirt Is
tailor made, straight and well fitting.
An illustration shows one of these
coats, and with it a red felt hat, match
ing the. coat, is generally worn. This
hat Is very simple and becoming and
appropriate for school.
For a dressy "or party coat light col
ors are the most attractive, and al
though It may seem somewhat ex
travagant to buy a white cloth coat
for a young girl, still if it can be
afforded It is very prett"y. "
I saw a particuluarly pretty coat of
a mouse color. It was an Imported gar
ment, as was plainly to b« seen from the
careful hand work and shirring on it. On
the collar were bow knots made of
shirred • ribbom
With this elaborate coat was a beauti
ful hat made of white French beaver.
Beaver Is particularly becoming to a
child, as it is so soft and fluffy, _and. a
AUTUMN BRINGS ITS
MESSAGE OF JOY
V HBN.our eyes light upon the
\ X ". \ first scarlet' banner which the
X/V/ early maturing- tree or shrub
* * Ip 'flings out" to v the autumn
breez«s we are dull of soul if
we do not . look : upon - it; as a sign.
Beautiful is that bit of crimson foliage
and/still more beautiful ."is the scene
When the color spreads, "andl embroid
ers ; the I hillsides V and forests with
strands of red and brown and gold that
no human painter can ever eqiiaK But
all this \u25a0 gorgeous j display is designed
not for \ the eye of man alone. bitt for
his, heart as well.
Autumn hath jnot so many . bards to
sing its praises as - hath the festive
gpring-tlme. but IV* carries Its ' own
pectiliar, message and has its own dis
tinctivft blessing.. It is too often looked
upon as the forerunner of winter's rig
ors* and .it., too I often induces a- purely
.pensive, mood. . I : know a. man whoso
temperament . is su-ch that he begins as
early as tho month of April Ito dread
the autumn". '"This is a bright spring
morn hi g,"- you remark as you meet him.
''Yes,", Is his lugubrious reply, "but it
won't be long now before the days will
begin to shorten and the winds /of
autumn will begin to ' blow." He has
done this for so many years that he
aetuuliy now takes, delight In these
gloomy prognostications. \u25a0
: But wliy should not autumn as well
as spring be a. season of p^ire joy in
physical existence? • In .these golden
October; days .wo may. well repeat Long
fellow's lines, who, singing of an au
tumn of long ago, says:
There was that ( nameless . splendor In the air,
.Tl^at ' »Ud exhilaration /everywhere ; ; :
That mad« ;the "passtra; on the city street
Congratulate'^ each "other* as\ they meet.
.- The .lassitude, of the summer ought to
yield to : the! tonic of this glorious sea
son, i With 'the blood tinslin*? through
.our veins, with a ncw'elkstlcity.in our
,step. r we may » not ' only be more 'civil
than ,, we have' been "-° *-^ 1 ? I l ce acqualni
ances on the 'street but eager to be tip
and, doing- " ;
Alndoor * occupations and diversions
grow; more attractive now. The eveh
ins .lamp brought earlier Into req.ulsl-
great many of the nice hats for ch2l<t^a
are made of it this year.
.French children almost universally are
dressed in \u25a0white— white dre33es, coats.
hats, stockings and shoes. Pari3. how
ever, has the advantage of being- the
cleanest city, in th« -world, and littla
children in Paris rarely seem to be. dirty.
I can hardly think? that a little French
girl would ever dream of making mud
pies—possibly. In Paris, she would not
find mud enough for the purpose, or per
haps such an amusement would not ap
peal to her. At all events. Parisian chil
dren always seem dainty and clean. I
have heard It said that a French woman
could cross a muddy street -without s.
spot on her shoes. If this Is true, it must
be due to careful training from child
hood.
It seems to me. however, that a e!oe«
acquaintance with mothar earth Is
healthful and good, and I believe la let
- ting children play out of doors, even If
they do get themselves dirty In their
games. But, of course, . they should b«
dressed with a view tt> that possibility.
I went the other day to & dancing class
of young children, and It was certainly
a pretty sight. There were children ther»
of all . si^es. and dressed In all styles.
One little girl that attracted my atten
tion wore a white muslin dress, with a
long waisted effect, and had a large botw
on one side of her head. The pretty pink
sash around her waist seemed a ridicu
lously short distance from her knees, and
below It were some tmy flounces and
lace. She wore little white stockings and
shoes, and altogether she was a vision
of fluffy daintiness. •
yThen came a. little ten-year-eld girl,
wearing a white serge sailor suit. She
was dancing with a little chap who was
also dressed In a white serge sailor suit;
and the little couple made a charming
sight. . i,-;~-
One little girl was dressed In a blue
cashmere suspender suit that was partic
ularly pretty. These suits, particularly
if worn with dainty mousseline gulmps.
are charming. They also make very nice
school dresses when made of dark mate
rial and worn -with plain white waists.
A French dress that I saw on a awe-*
little 'girl of about twelve years of age
was mads of white •dimity with a blue
dot in it. The waist buttoned down the
back, and was made with . a collar and
round yok© of all-over open work em
broidery. The yoke was set on a round
strip of the dimity, which was edged
with two flounces, one wide and* one nar
row, of open-work embroidery to match.
Down the 'front of the waist, starting
from the yoke, were two box pleats
trimmed with buttons. The waist was
made -to " blouse over a wide belt.
The sleeves were made with quite
(a full puff at the top. joining a long
cuff. at the elbow, which was made of
tucks and\mbroldery. The skirt was
plain and full, and edged with two
flounces of embroidery edging, one
flounce being wide and the other nar-'
row. like those on the waist.
All-over, embroidery Is very fashionable
for children this year, and It is very ef
fective for coats. A beautiful coat, made'
by Bachwltz, of Paris, was made In the
Empire style and of all-over open-work
embroidery. It buttoned in front with
three handsome buttons. At the top of .
the sleeves were two flounces, giving the
appearance of capes. The sleeves were
full. ; with ._a. cuff at the bottom. It was
made quite short, reaching only a little
above the knee, and about an inch and a
half from the bottom of the dress. The
lining "was a very soft silk.
For a dressy coat, tan cloth la a very
pretty material.
All the children's coats this year are
very loose, and most of them are made
in the style, which is very be
coming to children.
tion draws the members of. the family
together and in countless homes groups
made up of parents. and children or of
friends with congenial tastes pass
profitable hours with books and games
and in social converse. In the summer
we seem to -be. forced to fritter away
-a .good deal of time, . but somehow as
autumn approaches our consciences
smite us If we . are not making good
use of the swiftly passing days and of
(the fragments. of time. at our disposal.
Autumn. is the season of harvesting
and while the farmers are stacking
their corn and bringing in the golden
pumpkins we may well ask if a period
of in-gathering, ever comes to us, and.
if lio, what" are the fruits which we
pack away so carefully . in our store
houses. Are we harvesting anything
out of the labors of preceding seasons
besides dollars and pleasure? Have you
any more confidence in your fellow
men, any more faith in God than you
had a year, ago?/ If you have not. may
it not be well to* begin at once to sow
the kind of seed, out of , which those
rich possessions shall fruit by and by?
.For we- cannot escape the fact that
autumn signifies the hurrying forward
.of the year towartl Its 'completion. An
ended cycle will soon b<* here,. W* are
not to play the baby, over th<s swift
on-golns of time. Neither, on, the Other
hand, should, we fail to heed the mes
sage of the autumn. Life is meant to
ripen and mellow to its finish. We can
not count on an unending succession
of happy: days. What we must do we
must do quickly and because we have
s only one life to live we , must choose
to do the tHings worth the doing, for,
as a certain poet says, who has within
Afew <-weeks. gone himself to the
heavenly -life bearing in his hands
many sheaves garnered in years of
worthy' living:
The 'time is . short. Tli«n be - thy heart a
brother's feKM|MPH
To every :he»rt that"nee<t» thy feelp In aught;
Soon tbou Wnt~ n«*<l . the sympathy of others.
* The; time is short.
Kach thoug:ht resentful from thy mind b«
'"T - driven, \u0084,'. '\u25a0'-'.\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . -\i-\.' -' : _...\u25a0.
And ch*rlah love by »weet forgrlveness bought:
Thou sooa wilt -ne«d th« \u25a0 pttytng Iov» o!
heaven;'. '\u25a0.;.;-. \u25a0
The time is. short.
SHE-.PJUUm*.Holiday Gowns
Hound !Veck*, High Puffed
Sleeve*, Knll Girdles and Dffc
Round .SUlrtu,' Similar to
Tboae Morn Durlnz the
< ivfl War, Will Be Seen
Asraln This rear. The Even-
Ing; Colors and the Evening
Fabrics itnd Some Useful
Hints on How to Make Your
Conn.
NEW YORK, October 21.
IT RS. MARSHALL FIELD has
I \X| Paused on her way home to buy
I some handsome gowns in Paris.
1 JL It is her purpose to .return in
~^tiia» tor tha holidays, which she hopes to
' •alekrata in a good old-fashioned man
ft«T.
*• . Mra. Field's trousseau wa» one cf tha
.snost remarkably ever built for a bride
and in *om« ways it was quite the most
boiupUte, for it combined features which
•*• aeldom seen in bridal trousseaus. One
•atira. outfit was in pink; another was In
lavender; another in purple; * Jther in
iMsltottopa- By an "outfit" Is meant every
thing from tha skin out— from the dell
'\u25a0*•*• pink lingeria to tha wonderful pink
dinner gown.
Thara were several large trunks full
d gowss in black and white. The trous
seau might have been planned for five
er six' different brides, bo- varied are tha
colors and the materials used in Its com
position. It Is both fluffy and tailor-made
—plenty cf both.
To secure this great- variety Chicago's
rich woman ordered her trousseau made
ey different dressmakers, giving, each
ona carte blanche in order -that there
tnlght be no such thing as a repetition of
gowns. This course was advised by 'a
island, who said: "Place your -order with
this dressmaker and that one. Tell each
to go ahead and make half a dozen gowns,
then wait and see the results."
• \u2666'Mrs. Field did as she was counseled
find, her gowns are now the most remark
' able of any of the season. They are
-^\u25a0oted not so much for their simplicity
Is for their lines, which are long and
tralght and Inclined to add to her height.
There ere many Empire gowns and
cloaks. One very handsome dress is
;sade of embroidered eilk mull of the
<*ry finest quality. It is as sheer as
chiffon. It is lined throughout with a
c chiffon lining, which in turn is lined with
taffeta. This is worn with a very deep
'^Dresden s!lk girdle and a fan of Dresden
•matches the girdle in tone. Around her
neck there hangs a suiierb German silver
and turquoise necklace, something Ilka
an antique.
Your Choice In Evening: Gonns.
*Evenir:« gowns go either to one ex
treme or the other. They are either very
fcjng a:id narrow or short and wide. If
\u25a0you arc not tall you can use the
"long, clinging variety and you can feel
confident that your gown will be in good
taste. It can tw built of some delicate
'evening stuff, and for the purpose there
is nothing any better than the novelty
silk goods that are fine and soft and
es.sy to drape.
If you prefer, you can use an embroid
ered chiffon of heavy weight, which now
comes in quite a deep gray, or you can
get a cheer printed novelty stuff, which
is transparent and which looks very
much like chiffon, yet is tougher and
'more durable. They are making a crepe
chine this year which is most admir
ifcle for evening dresses. It is light and
fhin and inexpensive, and in texture it is
as delicate as crepe. This makes up
charmingly and If trimmed with taffeta
!s as fine a gown as one would want for
evening.
The new evening tones aie pink and bU
vtr. They are immensely becoming and
can be worn en many occasions. Pink
is the Ideal evening color and there 1*
something about it which keeps one from
becoming tired of it. Take a pink whlcb
c is not too bright and make it up prettily,
trimming it with very narrow trimming!
of silver, and you will nave a go^-r
which will wear you for a long time.
One of the lovely new evening dressei
was made of piece lace of the kind which
crimes by the yard at a very moderate
price. The skirt hung rather limp and
w&s cut to fit the hips. In the front It
lay slightly upon the ground and in the
back it dragged in long train fashion. It
was trimmed around the foot with & nar
row ruching of narrow silver stuff, and
there were silver tabs hanging througt
the- lace. Around the neck there was s
irtamlng of silver paE^tmenierie, and
feruund the belt there was a wide silver
girdle.
Evening: Gotvns for Girls.
v fcr young girls the prettiest dress It
«^-. round dress. This is cut similar to
«ne skirts which' cne wears in the street,
only that it Is fuller and rounder and
more exaggerated in every way. Some of
the new forms are almost grotesque, so
very larjre are they ana so wiae cocs in*
skirt lizr.3 around the, figure. But young
girls can wear these exaggerated skirts
prettily.
"We arc certainly getting back to
tfee war time styles," said a modiste
*&j k<*cs abreast of the times. "Tha
cfjn—s resemble more and more closely
the dress of ISGO and before the'win
ter is out I lo«k for a revival of the
ISCO niodeF
"The dres's of 1860, If you will taka
the trouble to look in your camphor
chest, put away In the attic, was mada
without an overskirt. The overskirt
came in much later and went out
Again almost as suddenly as it came in.
But the IS6O mode had a skirt which
was gathered at- the belt. It stood out
equally all around the figure and it was
worn with or without the crinoline.
The bottom of this skirt was trimmed
with a flounce or the entire skirt was
ruffled. Many of the gowns of that
day had no trimming, especially If the
goods showed a figure or a brocade.
"The waist of the 1860 gown par
ticularly reminds one of the waist of
the present day. Studied in the •old
paintings it is almost identical. It was
round and slightly Moused and it
hooked either in the middle of tha
front or the middle of the back. But
tons In those days were scarcer than
they are now, and tney were conse
quently dearer and for that reason fewr
of the waists were buttoned. Many of
them were made very tight fitting in
what conforms to our idea of a bodies
in these days.
"The sleeves of the IS6O gown wera
short. They were cut off above the el
bow and the shoulders had big high
puffs. There was a strapping of silk
'around each sleeve to hold it In place
on the arm. The neck was cut very
round or Bquarc, or it was shaped to
a point in the middle of the front and
the middle of the back.
" "Could anything conform more near
ly to tho styles of to-day than those
gowns of fifty years ago. and "could
there be anything more becoming to
the feminine figure than this roundish
girlish shape? It makes a woman
taller and it makes her thinner. It
makes her sweeter, more graceful,
more youthful and prettier In ' every
way. There was never In all the world
a style which conforms so nearly to
all the lines of art without one traca
of exaggeration as the 1860 style."
Evening: Govrna of Set.
It is becoming very fashionable to
make the evening 'gown of net, that
old-fashioned material which has been
so extensively revived. The net gown
THErSAN' FIVANeiSCO:; SUNDAY CAL£- ;
: i ; may jbo : olaln ,: und:.. trimmed - witft
or. it can be^a beautiful .lace
net-with lovely; lacey- figures set in it.
\u25a0 * ;,Then ' there is . a:• net •, upon 4 which j lace
'. is i applied. ; ami ,on each application 'of^
I-;- lace s th*!re/are ; lovely^ little Jeweled
- * for naments. - •: :: k^^^^^W®^^^^^^3^S
Doinot imagine that because you buy
a net : or. a* bobbinct ; dress . tha^- you 'are
: rgottingrfsomethingi cheap, i-' On ,the;coii
\u25a0 trary; I you'cau.~goiup-very;high,in"prlce
\u25a0•'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 un til i yoo- ,fihdf a iquality-r.whiGh : 13 : Just ;
as ex pensive ;T; T as •/ satin.ijarfd > even -. more \u25a0.
.''sirso than sn'nie' grades of satin. \u25a0 !; .-,;\u25a0\u25a0'
If -you tare ,gettingiaThandsome;even
• lngr /dress i would .do "well ?" to trim "
>•"' It ; in 3 some ( simpleTnftWj^vay," for; in' > this :
'.\u25a0^ manner' you -; get distinguishing,
: , touches iwhlchiyoui could J not
. '•btr.in:': There ' are; entirely new fea-*
turcsln evening gowns and these, if
adapted to <your new dress, will make
It very distinctive. .. ;
A- handsome- evening dress was cut
round inUhe nee!;, and finished with -a
big 1 white ruchlnu". Another beautiful
evening gown was cut with a square
neck. -Around .-. the edge of the neck
there was set one of those thick, heavy
irhlta ruches such as widows wear In
the' front of a 'widow's caps. Another
neck wiUTcut Dutch, just slightly low.
and In the opening there was set a
very elaborate gold arid white ; tulle
ruche; From this It may be observed
that the niching, is the favorite way
to finish the neck of a gown. .
When -it . comes -\u25a0 to siceves there are
ways that are "just \ lovely," as the
modistes will tell .you. One very pretty
sleevb Is cut off just above the elbow.
Here is it finished with a band, of >ilk
and a tulle ruffle one finger wide. Upon
\ the ; band . of silk • there are . silver clasps.
Another vvery pretty evening sleeve has a
band or. cuff of Dresden silk around It,
and upon this cuff tnere are sewed imita
tion 'olnk topazes.
The Kind 'of Gems to Wear.
The use of mock gems upon evening
gowns is \'ery acceptable this year. All
'are wearing them and even the debutante
comes in for her share., I It , is very good
form fpr her to "• wear \u25a0 turquoises, sap
phires, tourmalines, topazes and garnets,
but sh«, should not wear emeralds, -dia
monds or rubies, these three being con
sidered the stones for matrons.
Turquoise, ! being of , a lovely shade of
blue and rather . innocent looking, is the
ideal gem for the debutante^ She can
•.wear. as many turquoises as she can af
ford and yet be pretty sure of being
within the bounds of good taste. Sne can
wear a belt with a great big turquoise
buckle. \ Around her. neck can hang ,a
string of turquoise and gold beads. In
her Lair can be " turquoise pins and the
same blue stones may adorn her hands.
There are ever bo many little wrinkles
to be learned regarding evening dresses.
For one thing, the hair is now trimmed
with three combs, which should be set in
the back, one above the other. The three
combs are entirely different and should
be decorated with different gems. One
can be of tortoise "shell, one of gold and
one of silver, like the rings upon one's
fingers, they need not. match each other.
Pink and silver undoubtedly will be
the tfveriing styles, but; next to these
colors come blue , "and yellow,* and next
to; them lavender, pale green, with
black and white always in the lead.
Those who like to dress with some atv
tempt at stateliriess can attempt the
oew figured pink satins, which coma to
look like old-fashioned brocadea. They
ire, however, not very heavy in weight
and are capable of being made into
very charming evening gowns. '
A dress of brocade can have a skirt
close around the hips and fitted as far
down almost as the -knees, though not
quite. -The skirt then flares very wide
ly, nnd as one walks there are glimpses
of petticoats of pink chiffon and pink
taffeta underneath. A pink chiffon pet
ticoat, ' lined with pink taffeta, was
worn by a/ very swell London woman,
one of those women who "have the very
newest and latest in dress all the time.
Over this lovely.: conception in pink
' chiffon' thera was worn a heavy pink
brocade.- . - -
Velvet* for Dressy Wear.
The evening velvets are very charm-
Ing, for they are thin and light and
there is something about them which
is very attractive. | Velvet Is always
dressy, and' since it has been reduced
In price it is certainly very desirable.
One does, not feel as extravagantly
dressed as of yore. The shell pink and
cloud pink velvets are lovely and so are
the pale blue tones. They require no
trimming at all, ' and ;if worn with a
wide silk girdle and a handsome dog
collar necklace' are complete with noth
ins: further.
*j
;. Those wn o firess a, great deal for the
'holidays arc now making up some very
: handsome browns.';*, One:of tho loveliest
of blue evening dresses is a very supple
; broadcloth."; It is. thin and easily draped
and : it " has . a, high ' gloss.' It makes up
; into ;an "exquisite evening, dress, one of
the gowns which Tone can wear without
) f ear \u25a0 of ;. being I overdressed. r« There * is a
.which- is -"srood; for; afternoon ;
as : .well a.3 * for ; evening. ,- and this 'ma-
very desibale when one 13 go
ing .to .".entertain^ a : large ": house * party
over the holidays. ;\u25a0\u25a0';> BB^HSSQI
' Elbow sleeves arc worn for all evening
dresses, .and. -most ;day dresses. ; Elbow
sleevea- 'these ' ,days*~<are two,-, lengths."
.There / is- ths Jsleeve "which ' is . cut abov«
v the", elbow, ami sleeve , which i is 'cut off
,tclo w. r The latter, is * worn for . day gowns
tuif. for ths street, and the former tor
evening and for the house. The question
of underslecves is one that must always
be considered, but it is a fact that a
great many women are cot wearing un
der3leeves at all, but are trusting to a *
pair of pretty arms^and the fact that
short sle-sves are the fashion.
Xc is to be a dressy season, and the
evening gown will sea a great deal of ser
vice. Women who have not worn evening
dress at all. or who hava at most done
so very sparingly, will don tha evening
dress many times this winter, and will
make the fashion an excuse for tha wear
ing of the light fabrics. .
For card parties the fashionable dress
will be the short, round skirt, tha waist
with the modified blouse and sleeves cut
off above the elbow, and the round neck.
The hair will be dressed low. and tha top
of the coiffure will be trimmed with flow
ers. Around the neck will be worn a long
chain to which will be attached a hand
some- cross and the cross will probably
be one of the new fashioned amethyst
crosses which come almost as large as . a
lady's hand. With this evening costuroa
there will ba worn a beautiful wide firdla
of Dresdsn ribbon with purple -figures
scattered over it, and in tha hair there
will be a bunch of purple silk orchids.
This' is the card tarty costume, and
thus will the queen of Bridge fa forth
to win her laurelsf
fBALMAND ACID
Most applause is paid for.
Luck won't push you up hill.
Don't pawn your opportunities.
Small talk often ends in big scandal*.
It takes a wise woman to conceal har
rage.
Tha henpecked man never crowi
about it.
The smallest fish often inspire tha blj
gest tales.
The early bird sometimes catena*
pneumonia.
It takes' a strong woman to hold o*3r
own tonsue.
Reform must b« well heeled to stamp
out an evil.
"Many a rich bachelor has mad* a
poor husband.
Wealth isn't essential to happiness, but
It helps some.
The door of adversity is always sup
plied with a knocker.
Love laughs at locksmiths, but It's
different with goldsmiths.
Success takes all tha credit to itself;
failure blames others.
A woman buys her hats and her shoes
to serve her own ends.
Listeners seldom hear - any good cf
themselves, or anybody else.
Tha mind is a storehouse, but it needn't
necessarily be a Junk shop. •
Some people regard lifa as a perpet
ual indignation meeting.
Good Intentions should never grow cold
If hell is paved with tham.
There Js often more trua Christianity
in silence than in a sermon.
Lots of men put more money on tha
horses than on their wives.
Llfa might ba worth Irving If wa could
only choose our own bosses.
Never give up hope. Even tha mar
ried man has a fighting chanoa.
Tha best way to shapa the careers of
some younjr men is with a club.
So many men want tha earth that thera
isn't really enough to go around.
A woman's idea of a stingy man Is oaa
who never pays her compliments."
Tha man who attends strictly to his
own~ business has little competition.
A lot of energy 13 expended in trying to
find out things we are sorry to know.
It doesn't take a derrick to raise tha
average man in his own estimation.
The fool makes light of his troubles
by burning his bridges behind him.
The- knowledge of.a lot of pebpla is
about as valuable as. buried treasures.
When a man takes a tumble to him
self he should ba careful to land on his
The average 'woman can break a man
more successfully than she can crack a
Joke.
' If wishes were horses there wouldn't
ba enough hay in the world to feed
them.
The fast youth should ba made to real
ize that the race is not always to tha
swift. <
To a hungry man a head of cabbaga
has a sweeter odor than a bunch of
violets.
Many a man lives to envy the fellow
who might have -married his wife/ but
didn't.
The fellow who boasts that he has nevar
made ah enemy must be a sort of human
Jellyfish. . , •
Most. of us at times feel, the need of. a
post-graduate course in the school of ex
perience.
It must be fine to.be so rich that you
don't have to think about keeping up ap
pearances.
A pessimist is a man who is always
looking; for, trouble, and isn't satisfied
-»hen he finds it.
The fact . that one good turn" deserves
another will never solve tho problem of
perpetual motion.
The misanthrope • who feel 3 that h«
hasn't a friend in the world might Just as
well be a book agent.
Before to build castles In tha
air. a -man should put his mundane cot
tage in his wife's name.
Even when. a fellow, hasn't. an : fd<ja in
his head he 'demonstrates that there (3
plenty pf room at the tap.'
K'ps Solomon and the owl>ar« recoaf
nizea types of wisdom.' and yet Solomon
had a thousand .wives, and the "owl al
ways looks on the dark side of things.THEIR NEEDS JtND OPmmTUNtTIESJfSWJiGE EARNERS
Wages and the W
oman WorKer.'
ry* s A CLASS, if not as individuals.
f I the woman in industry is there
I I to stay. For good or for evil, the
*• j home body among womankind is
rapidly disappearing. Eve has
eaten of the apple— shall she therefore
lose her Eden?
There are those -who would have U3 be
lieve so— that woman's place is in the
home, and that her departure therefrom
is an unmitigated evil. The good brother,
for it is ordinarily a brother who clings
to this belief. Is represented by the hus
band who forbids his wife to join a wo
man's club, the father who hardens his
heart to his daughter's plea for an edu
cation beyond the limits set by law, the
workingman who complains that the
woman by his side is cutting his wages,
and who while he complains cuts off his
own economic nose by forblddmjr his
feminine rival to enter his union and
obtain the union scale.
Even If we were to grant that. in the
main these emphatic brethren are right,
that the natural duty of every woman
Is to be taken care of by some man, the
fact would remain that in many cases
this right and proper state of affairs
fails of realization. There are many, many
women who have neither husband nor
father, nor brother to care for them, ana
who, therefore, enter the industrial worlc
not from choice, but from hard necessity.
Since the brethren aforementioned do not
attempt to deny this fact or to offer us
any practical method of relief from such
a state of affairs, they will surely allow
us to gather up such grains of comfort
as may be found for these unfortunate
ones. And our gleanings may be unex
pectedly large. We shall perhaps find In
the end that the law of compensation
is at work as elsewhere in the develop
ment of- society.
To begin with, we assume that the love
of home, the instinct for home-making,
can be largely trusted to take care of
itself in society at large, so long as that
society endures. The woman in whom
this Instinct is lacking is more to be
pitied than blamed, wherever she Is
found. The cause for her misfortune is
probably to be found in the fact that
the did not learn as a child what home
means. If the Instinct be really dead
within her, society. Is surely none the
worse off. but rather better. If -she spends
her days In the office or behind a counter
rather than in reading novels and relating
gossip.
Taking for granted, then, the fact
that the average woman cherishes and
will continue to cherish the love of the
home In spite of all we are told that
even if this is true it is also true that
the working girl fails to prepare herself
for home-making. But with all rever
ence for the venerable art. it . must
nevertheless be admitted that the one
absolutely essential preparation lies in
the acquisition of something which our
grandmothers called a "knack," and
which under the name of adaptability
has come to be recognized as one of
the chief aims of all education. We
all can recall instances of most admir
able housekeepers; .the best one I ever
knew was among their number, who
"never tried to cook a meal In my life
until after I was married."
It Is by no means entirely the fault
of the working woman that in the
American home this valuable phase of
"preparation for life" is so woefully
lacking. On the other hand, the ten
dency of the modern schools Is strongly
In the direction of an instruction more
valuable because more scientific than
the old rule of the thumb. The girl
whose mother was a good cook too
often knows -no other reason for her
methods than that "mother did it that
way. Nowadays, even the tiny
housewife of the kindergarten learns
not only what to do, but why, in the
preparation of simple dishes and in the
proper choice of foods. And the work
ing girl, even if^ cooking classes, sew
ing classes, etc., do not come her way
during her all too brief . school life,
still has opportunities for these things
in evening clubs and classes such a?
her mother never dreamed of — oppor
tunities that are much more likely to
come her way and which she is much
more likely to embrace' than if she
\u25a0were a timid stay-at-home. There
comes to mind the case of a working
woman who only in iate years "has
been able to give up sewing and scrub-
Ling for other people in'order tb'der
vote herself to keeping house for her
children. The mother, whatever she
may have been in earlierdays, in her
eld age finds wonderful comfort in the
matter of cleanliness and order. The
daughter, who has worked ever since
she was old enough, .probably, at the
age of 11 or 12. is as dainty a creature
us ever smiled at you from the fashion
plate. The evening school, which a
year ago was "as much . fun as -play-
Ing keep house when I' was a- little
girl," has enabled her to talk wisely on
food values, and to act accordingly;
and in the well furnished flat of 'which
she is now the contented* mistress one
may be reasonably sure to find. a clean
table cloth when company comes. : '
Yes, there are compensations! Often
a girl's first real lessons in neatness,
promptness, concentration \u25a0\u25a0'= and self
control are learned when she goes to
work. It is" Interesting to set' how
sometimes among the very poor the
whole appearance of -a family Is
changed as one child after another Is
old enough to look» for • something to
do. The tidy hair, the trhn. waist, the
gay ribbons blossom all along the line,
until the mother herself feels tbe- force
of good example and sets about mak
ing her home a fit place for these ele
gant and Important beings- to. dweir in.
In short, the working girl often find;*
herself suddenly advanced to a new;
life of self-respect and: independence
and facing new standards- of life which
are sure to react in greater or less'de
gree upon the home from which she
has come/a nd btlU more surely . upon
that which' she will make some day for;
hejsclf. If that day should be delayed
Industrial Pursuits for Women
Womenas 'E-mplby
••'. crs of Women.
TO discuss women as employers it
is necessary to have a few facts
in evidence of the existence .of
women in that capacity; so -far
as I know there are no facts, in
writing at least. The number of wo
men employers apparently falls below
that which is considered of sufficient
importance to be registered in the cen
sus reports. -\u25a0\u25a0'
•There are any number of -upper em
ployers, women superintendents, man
agers and forewomen who have many
of. the duties of the employers, wituout,
however, the honors or the profits
which'seem to be as yet attributes of
the male sex. These superintendents
and forewomen have charge of the
employes under them, frequently en
gaging and dismissing them, making
the rules and regulations, deciding the
problems which arise on occasion! and
planning the' work. In the perform
ance of these duties the women : are
generally admitted to be as successful
as the men; they have executive ability
and minds for. detail, a sense of order,
and, on the whole, as many chances for
successful management .as men. •
But so short has been the time of!
their business training — not yet more
than a generation, it seems almost im
possible to find the woman who! has
initiative enough to be in the field of
competition. Women are just begin
ning to show the courage necessary to
plunge into affairs where there Is a
risk of capital. They will carry on an
enterprise when it is once started, and
they may have new ideas in develop
ing an enterprise, but they seldom
plan a new project or launch a scheme.
They are likely to be creatures, of rou
tine, just as most men are— the clerks,
the teachers, the industrial workers.
Initiative and the power of grasping a
situation are not found in all men. Those
who have had the training necessary ' to
develop Independence and free action are
the ones who go into business and become
employers. The number of these is com
paratively small; of the number of men
who work for a living the proportion of
employers Is perhaps no greater than
would be the proportion of women em
ployers were all things else equal. But
all things else are unequal, and so the
women who are proving their Initiative
and mental grasp are rarer than the
teeth of the hen. \u25a0
For Instance, it is harder for a woman
to get capital for any undertaking than
it is for a man; she is distrusted as an
Inexperienced person, whereas a man is
trusted until he fails. Her femininity
obtrudes itself r Into any business - situa
tion except those where she Is supposed
to have special prerogatives s-Jteh as mil
linery, dressmaking, art and education.
Again, it: is harder for her to throw^ her
self-Into the , .whirlpool of the modern
capitalistic system; her self-protective in
stinct is stronger than a man's, nor has
&he so much of the gambler in her as the
man has. She is more cautious.
Yet although women as employers may
be- like the snakes of Erin, there is (no
possible reason for her ;contlnufd non
existence in that capacity. If she , once
gets but of- the twopence ha'penny econ
omy of the home where her business
perspective is limited by butcher Ijllls,,
house rents and missionary envelopes,
she will soon acquire a practical knowl
edge of the credit system, the interest
on capital. and the law of wages.-When
ever that development has been reached
she wlll.be able to contemplate compet
itive waste and risk without any tremors
and no doubt she will equip herself
with the deadly Implements of business
warfare.
There is just a possibility that hers is
a case of arrested development and that
this present chaotic regime of the em
ployer is not the environment likely to
bring her into full possession of her
powers. She may, learn the lesson of co
operation and shine fortu suddenly as an
organizer, of industrial and commercial
units. (
Unfortunately at present she has: to
accept the dictum 4.aat her destiny In
the business world is that of the wage
worker," not the , employer.
"Copyrighted Story Syndicate Co.
because she is : in no haste to forego
the sweets of independence her chances
for happiness in marriage, are surely
greater from the fact that she knows
she need not marry simply in order to
be sure of bread and- butter.
After marriage if children come to her,
her place is of course with them! as long
as they are young. But her position will
be Immeasurably more dignified and self
respecting from the consciousness that
she ' is not in the last resort dependent
upon any other human being for her sup
port.. And as ! the children grow more
and' more independent 'of her 'she may
find that she can not only "offer, them bet
ter'advantages,; but can; better help them
from' her .'comradeship '.with them. .-'"
I ' say I this, not ; to frighten • the!, reader
with too flat a declaration, of , belief 'in
the right and duty of every woman :to
be economically .independent. But as I
write I remember : the : families of two
brothers,- who. are : both : working -men.*
In one the mother is also !at : work in
order that her two little daughters may
have the piano, the music lessons the
pretty dresses which : their- father ' alone
could not provide. The* girls, ten and
twelve years old, aret in ; the
paying for these luxuries by; taking into
their own hands a . large share of the
work of the household. : They have '\u25a0 in
addition their school, their » muslc^ their
hours for play, ; and this ' leads to a busy
but' a • happy life. The mother feels L the
joy of independence, ; ,the money .which
she earns she > may spend as she , pleases. 1
Her. husband may advise, but dictate,
riever. ; •.-.-'\u25a0,.-:
'And the other wife? a veritable house
hold drudge. .The money: which the h us ~
band ;' earns he spends ,; as " he "^ pleases.
The children- throw down • for her , to pick
up, 'J the \u25a0 baby i cries , if , left . one \u25a0 moment
beyond the shelter of her 1 arm. '\J From
morning till night, and far. into the night
she -Is t the ; perfect -pattern, of ; the? de
voted . wife and : mother. ; \u25a0 She never-com
plains,: but ;her. eyes; grow^wistful i when
the "other . woman talks of : her ; plans. \u25a0; She
knows that •: no* piano^will: ever/ b», bought
with" her husband's wages.*: But if , some
day." when ; the . baLy .'-! is ; older, Vshe'.V too,
should dare to stand ; again,' as before ; her
marrla je, on her own economic: feet, shall
we dans to condemn, her? t.':\
S-HE 3AN' $RANCISGO /SUNDAY^ GALL.
Heed of Women's
Trade Unions.
IN! America, according to the census
- of : 1900, more than . flveT-y million
- women and : minors are engaged in
industry. Of this;number!;3,223,
94S labor outside the home.": Tak
ing the< women who labor outside the
home, we " may. divide them into' three
classes: First, the women who have to
support themselves; second, the women
with responsibilities; third, the women
who work for pin money*
. In these advanced' days no one de
nies the right of 'women of the nrst
class to ,. become wage earners. Yet
that right, like all other rights and
privileges, must not be considered in
a narrow, personal way, ; but from a
broad, social and economic standpoint.
No human being has any! moral right
to injure the .welfare of others. ;Ac
cepting; this as an ethical- fact, we '\u25a0 see
that women have no right to enter in
dustries in which men are "employed
and lower wages. They. must! enter on
an economic and physical equality. .For
the welfare of the working people de
pends on the scale of wages. If the
wages are high then we have prosper
ity; if the wages are low: then we have
distress. Therefore if women lower the
wage scale they! bring distress to the
families of the working people. We
all have moral obligations to each
other, and -if the women workers are
not fulfilling their obligation they de
serve our censure.
The second class, the -women with
responsibilities, who. not only have to
support ' themselves, but - have others
dependent upon them. The tendency
of these women will be to keep up
wages, and their effort should have the
support of their fellow wage workers.
> The third class, the women who
work for pin money. \u25a0 • Many, girls ' live
at home who do . not- have to. 'support
themselves, and some I married women
work for plnl- money.';!} The economic
wrong, brought: about, by this class is
great; they can offer their labor for
a, mere pittance, and with! their com
petition wages are lowered to. the last
notch. Many of the married ' women
have married with the intention of not
having 1 children; .they are not only an
economic "disgrace, but an ; immoral in
fluence, whose wery' words poison the
air of the' workXroom.-
That women ' to-day are a hindrance
to industrial progress can hardly be
denied by those . familiar - with labor
conditions here in America. The chief
cause of this is our inherited depen
dence, which has been an obstacle in
the path of our industrial, professional
and political progress, "g We have been
deterred" from any systematic and per
sistent effort to 1 better our condition' as
workers because of the feeling. that our
employment is but temporary, from
which • we hope to be released by mar
riage. rM-\ \u25a0':\u25a0'•;-'-:
This is true and to a large degree
will continue to be true. . Yet as a
class there can be no ' Question oft our.
position in the Industrial world. Think
then of the need of developing a higher,
ethical altruism, which- shall Inspire us
as temporary workers, ; to guard; not
enly our own interest, but the interests
of the women of the future. The sad
ness of it all is that women do not
comprehend the position they hold In
industry;, do not know that they are
industrial slaves. A few days ago I;
asked some four hundred women, em
ployed, in department stores, to go: to
!the ( State House and protest -against an
amendment* to compel; them to work
nights during- the: month of .December.!
Every "woman ' emphatically said : that if
she should testify against working at
wight she jvould lose her position.
.President Eliot believes that; the
thoroughly organized trade or industry,
represents a monopoly which interferes
with ; free V competition, and that | such
competition Is; the only law "of liberty.
Well.here is an Industrywhich has not
been^ Interfered with by organization,;
yet if -the, workers in that industry
dared to protest against a" law to" close
the .'stores* at night, they would have
liberty jto walk the street looking 5 ; for
employment, and if they did not get
work- they would have the liberty to
starve? .They are liberty loving women!
Employers j say ' that they employ only!
women.who; live', at; home. We know
why. .Because! sue.v women will work
lor three or four dollars a week; .not
tnough to give them clothes, food 1 and;
a" shelter,', and their parents have; to
supply the remainder. Just think \ (of
the condition of ; things when ! the em- j
ployer insists that out of .their, earnings;
the : workingman ; must partly support
his employers. % •
Charitable societies are giving aid to!
families, in, which several members are"
at work. But ; why, you may ask, is
aid : given to); people who are; at work. ,
•Because the wages are so. small that, the
families cannot rive on them. ; Why should !
alms \u25a0 be;glveri^ in , 'the name of ? charity.
!to -useful members of . the body - politic? "
.The r workers '\u25a0\u25a0 who ; are serving the !: com- !
munityin the.'capacity.of wealth product,
ers, shbujwhave a. living; wage and: not
be dependent upon charity for their exist
ence? i. The smaller ." the "wage . the ) workers "
receive, the \u25a0 greater the profits to employ
er and ' consumer. When ; the wage is ' so
' small , that \u25a0In order, to exist : the : workers
must* receive alms--then comer to "'- the :
question of , who is being pauperized;. Sure
ly'not Uhe .workers, if or.; they are not ; re-:
"celving '; a' fair r« turn for "their labor— their
power, of '• production— their ; ; usefulness, for
\u25a0whateve:youi may: choose to call; that gift
God v; has g bestowed; on>,thcm. The
ployers' and 'consumers are being pauper- i
; Ized, 1 " for I they -are \ not ' gi vln'g .? a ' fair . re
turn 'for what I they {received '\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0,'!-\u25a0 \u25a0'-
-We women cannot eliminate ourlprcsent
economic disgrace"; until \ we < make: up our \u25a0
minds {to ; help .'ourselves r collec-
tive'.', eff orts.i by.: regulating four % industrial*
condition l through ) the i trade or) calling | in^
; which £we \ labor.: *\u25a0 If ; we i have ?• any £ real "
interest! in '- the of f qur • present'
lives; and in the protection "'of; future lives, 4
x we mustbrganlze/f; Organizatiohi will give?
the^ necessary courage ; and ' persistence ! in
defense '1 of * our >rlghts. \u25a0\u25a0;;. It « is "the v only ?
}of \u25a0:. freeing us from our . : present
"state'jOfjslaveVy;';; }'-{!'\u25a0;!;.! ';..': "•' .'!. ; ;"; v- ;
!'iWomeri : must be encouraged and helped
to (bring up the \u25a0 standard of < ', wages, '\u25a0
through i.lqng trade-union *
Busy Woman faiidi
Her Future.
WE are standing to-day, just in
side an opened' gateway. ;_Be
fore us : stretches ' an '\u25a0. un known
, path; leading to an -ideal' goal
of completed /womanhood: We
know the woman of to-day with . her
limitations, her prejudices, lier narrow
view, of things and of events, and;each
one of us ha\e - somewhere ' tucked
away in our. hearts* the ideal of the
perfect woman. :That which lies be
tween the open door" and its fulfillment
who can tell. - -.'':..\u25a0-..'•. ,-*-",';:
Evolution is slow, -slowest of all in
the development •of ; the moral nature
in man.:^ : - : - ;
It is said that there are four rea
sons why the position: of -women in; the
past has been subordinate,'* the* inequal
ity of dress;* of ',duties;' ; of .'education;
otsrlghts.^. '- V " , „*.\u25a0. .;' 'V. ".
The last three, during the' ; past few
generations,; have 'been , in'; some -meas
ure .: overcome, 4 but \u25a0, fashion ' still holds
herown -behind , a- bulwark tof , tradition
which It I will ;- take * centuries Uo: over
come. 'New,, modes /of life/; new- duties,
new occupations,"; the'necessity of being \
out in'all* weathers jandithe freedom of
the hands from ; carryirigr '\u25a0•\u25a0' bundles^ and
a bag to hold -a purse -where r any 'one
can take it will slowly;, modify among
the. working! women at' least \u25a0;the--pres-^
cnt unadaptable system. .The Governor
of • Ohio I recently was "embarrassed .- by. a.
woman-ownlngr^a farm 1 in; that State
asking - for ;, permission 5 to'; change- her
mode of, dress to : one more suited'tb her
toil; i she .was -i constantly .^iri; the ;
and doing | the- directing work which
made -skirts mot , only . a nuisance,} but
a menace. to^herV health,' as; well. On
looking up i the !-, matter the -: Governor
learned v that - : such : permission •' could
only be '• granted j;by a:- special . act'.[of^
Legislature! ;The- same! law holds in;sey-*
eral of -the v other States. .'"- : -\u25a0 • " ' .
;'Since -.women*;:; have . \u25a0 become' factory
inspectors,":, rent j collectors 'and j through 1
civil .""service- have ! had -the --civil offices
opened s to them;' since;; the advent »of
womeniJnto <the"' Industrlar field • as : a
working , compet itor, her duties' have
changed and' ha ve:becorae; in slight de
gree co-equal iwith those -of - men. A The
poirit-in \u25a0 which' she has -advanced i the
farthest is/ in 1 - education..; There !; is
practically no !; limit; to; her education,
to-day," degrees ; from' the : A. B. to . the
L.L. D. '\u25a0 have . been j cqrif e rred -: " on . her ;
her; abil ity -to think ! and' to reason has
been, vindicated. The fourth .count is
a vexed , \u25a0question." A For so Vmauy; cen
turies the other sex ; has < held the rul
iuef-hand . he: is loth to \u25a0 give i one atom
of if to his ; only > compeer.";^ It Vis ? mere
ly a - matter 'of \u25a0time, .: however,
the, majority of.Hhe: women ; awake'^ to
this i absurd; .'division" and i take ; what is;
rightfully^ theirs ? without even rasking
for it, more as r&inatter;of. '^'course than
anythingr^else.'if^ '.-"".*\u25a0'' \u25a0 '^'*? ,;''"^"V"'
Before the of the.sexes : can
come thereVm'ust be born a;riew;wofnan'
who -will; rise Phenix 1 like i from -.the
ashes of the old. V All that is bestin the
woman of the past ; will be hers 'by- in
heritance, but to, It "will be added a con
ception ; of Cthei race as: a whole -which
will i insensibly; lead to woman's taking
her natural 'place \ \xi "• the !,world's econo
my as the companion .and not the in-!
ferior of man. Not* onljjiri; her thought,
her \u25a0 duties, and; her : rights will she ; be
his companion,"; but' In V his " : recreations,
his* amusements and in ': his soberer,
pursuits. : - \u25a0\u25a0
- The means by! which: this end is to be
attained are :.varled. ; Her into
the "'industrial arena, > her presence Jin
tne, prof esslons,;her, ; Interest -in"; the! just
administration . of • law, * are al l\ working
toward i it. • As she : progresses i she : wi 11
organize'and .through •organization; will
come' ordertand. true progress.
. The picture of -the Ariierican .working:
woman has yet; to be 'painted; ;- It (Will
be a? r- composite' " picture,
many ' types, .with one ! characteristic^
earnestness. 1, She; will; be' soberly^: arid
sensibly! garbed, with -a dashof color,
for" the .working woman knows j and : ap
preciates "the- meaning ; of color, '.and life
is -full of meaning to her.;iThe 'chln'and
hands ?will ; portray \ power 'and ; purpose, 1 "
about ;the • mouth the inscrutable: smile {of
the^ self-poised I. The,;,: eyes
clear and ; ; far-seeing, . ! looking y fearlessly
andtrustfully ! into the future, in their
depths the sadness of the , human v strug
gle they are 'engaged' in. * Hope and ex
pectation;' arid ,an ' : understanding : of
things"and.events.ln;her. v attitude. . !;
'• '.: A woman '.whqMares ;.to] dojand Ho be
to the full^extent of iher, power arid who
claims' her,! right to be from the single
fact! of; her, existence: ; !, ;V \u25a0
' \u0084* The new woniarii - with ' her, awakened
intellectual i and": moral ;•;,- consciousness/
her ; newj sense *qf : in' the
civil" and -national welfare!. and "the; real
lzation'ofitheimeaning;of her. industrial
position -will find 'a world's" work ready
at> her.; hand.' /, ' \; . T ; ._l - t _ *. \u25a0- ;r> '.'
iLet herltake into the, future -the-! faith*
and !. the jideals rot] the 'pioneer " woman
that* she- may ;be accounted! • "-Worthy to
go^aniong those— -:':- -: ; , * !
Who i never '- turned -i their, backs .but marched
• •--,*:\u25a0.\u25a0 breast forward. ,:;-*\u25a0 ' .* :• .
Nevitr . doubted ' clouds « would ' break, ; ; '
Never dreamed,*" though s rights,t 5, were ; worsted,
u;.-;:wrong:. would triumph, \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0-•\u25a0-.: ..
Held we fftll'to rise,; are. baffled to fight better,'
;. .\u25a0'•' .v-;:- Sleep, to ..wake.- •-:'';' \u25a0•'\u25a0"'\u25a0\u25a0. ':.\u25a0'\u25a0"'"\u25a0'. ", ; -x
lines.' ';.- This ' method : has . done more' for.
the ' men'; than j any, other, agency since the
by sinning ' of /time. r What it : has : done"^ for.
. t i'.e i rnen, \u25a0•; it \ will -doT for) the wornen: '<;? To
fdeal;;: effectively^ with the s situation!) we
miiet have the jtrades I ' thoroughly- orgari
\u25a0 ized I and \ the t organizations - must . win • for
5 tliemselycs ithe; respect j. and? confidence J of
; the rrommunity.'i'All women'jWith' great *or
''small^opportunities .owe;. much jto'^ their,
: sister lot i lesser J or,: . no\^pportunitles \-: in
I this ' movement \u25a0f or ' social { and ; Industrial
-• The women ,k of '('opportunity,
i^who Juriderstand ; that \ they i receive- ; much
'arid give : - little -in \ real 'service,* in (cohipar{
lson to their, 1 wage-earning < sisters,'* If : true"
' to i tha.t i' understanding iwill '« give ? lnvalu
' able H service <; In 'ii bringing -. about ?a.\ more
'r just 3 J condltion. .We -^ need : faithful/."- sin'-*
i cere^ unselfish i women, \who ; are^coura
' geous ; and " f ull - ' of .;* Integrity: ' V> Orga rilza-,'
I tlons ibuilt ; thrbugh\the _j effort'^'of f> such ;
womeri'i will ] endure -and) ytltt 'fbe^thei^most
vital^ forces (working jtqwardi social* right
eousness.',-- If [we ; are ! true 1 Christians : and
lbeiieve^Thy^wlll^be4Vlorie!qn|earth;as it
; is ';' in'j heaven . we f should 'f co-operate, -, edu- •
cate and; organize." ;r-;;;-; r-;;;-V c ! :i ~~. c r.ffi-i • '\u25a0"\u25a0'_ ; \
The 'Girl ;an"d' tl^e
r . : .
•* V EWSPAPER \-work exerts the
/V I same * fascination over women as
I !M overmen; It offers such close
y";":- »'.' contact with the real .world, ih
,V -' " tei-course with interestingpeople,
the j excitement of news - "getting, and,'
above' all,vthe opportunity for; developing
individuality— for in newspaper work the
individual counts. ,'. ' ' - \
\u25a0If a^woman is sufficiently sure that she
can stand the nervous strain of. the. work,
can take orders without question or ob
jection, and if \u25a0 she feels ? that she has th«»
"news instinct," then : she stands - the
same chance \u25a0- of . success • as . a . man re
porter—whtn she once gete her . position.
But her chances for a position are less
than a man's, because tradition points to
men /reporters^ The woman Is likely to
make her start as society or fashion re
porter, and ; theni after some ~ experience
in 'that one line, she ,'rhay get her chance
at-a "story " r in another .department;- or.
an. emergency Jmay arise where, her serv
ices are necessary. ; • If she - succeed the .
first time she 'will be called upon again,
for /appreciation ". comes quickly in the
newspaper., world. * V~i'
\u25a0 This ; quickness *of I appreciation .is ' pe
culiarly noticeable; it Is due'partly to the
necessity f or : every paper to ; have sharp,
keen tools •to pry out ' facts worthy of
publication, and partly . to the {fact that,
the .' "heads"- ; -the editors," must be men of
discrimination; just 'as they .choose I:be
tween this ,aiid ; that j. piece of news 1. for
the 'day's: prominences, this or that-sub
ject for editorial or pictorial x notice, . so
must they "choose between this and '.that
candidate j. for reportorlal ' r opportunities
And .'because of ' the\ almost 'certain ap
preciation a good- piece of work,
there Js greater effort made by, those who
'are/given^orders'. The esprit de corps of
the '\u25a0 newspaper office . springs as - muc h
from .the t desire to "count" as . a-; good
person ; to send .'out on a story as it does
from the -real, interest in the work'lts'elf.
Yet, in order r to -succeed, . the: reporter
has to rely :on the one .-for
success which cannot be- defined when -it
is possessed nor attained when- it is lack
ing— the "news instinct." ; ; Each situation
(usually, a human one) and \u25a0 every, subject
becomes material, for Uhe; reporter who
is - sent to view it. . She must decide for
herself \u25a0 the relative importance ; of details,
extract .the^dramatic 'and' then
, tell ;..' the , '.'story".* in ' f "such i a'i way "; as ' to
catch and hold the,interest of [ the reader.
-«. Strong jStfaightf or ward r. English^ is .all
; that' is, necessary/ for ; the newspaper, arti
cle ; ; '.but*, that is ' not \al ways j natural \u25a0_* to
the \ young; reporter; l and \\ft is ; only_, after
thV,blue pencil'rras furrowed Its way/into
;heri consciousness that 1 the novice \ learns
f that I newspaper style v^differs^ , decidedly
! from I high "school , essays, ; fashion plate
, frivolity .-; and '- pedagogic ,i sentimentality—
although, • to . be ; sure, s a : subtle \u25a0 combina
tion v of r all •three? may* "at'" times, r be in
demand i for -» the * society • columns •or '\u25a0' the
"woman's page." '• . ' * •;
-The^concrete, things about the work;
the office, hours andThurhan environment
cannot be discussed eh, masse. Some news
papers i pride , themselves on the ; order
liness of their rooms. "and employes, some
are; serenely"; indifferent to everything ex
cept' getting out : the ; paper, 3 arid fsome ac
.tually.pride themselves' on an appearance
of enthusiastic disorder. ';The office *; boys
may' sit ; on - a* .bench "k" k under -a".- lynx-eyed
ht ad> boy. or % the'y^ may .lounge : comfort
!ably over .the : gate ; which 'separates -the
;initiated_from:'the Philistine.; The* man.
aging editor may' have' a « den' of ; his own
or > sit In ;- the center [-ot a his )" office : and
shout his orders above the clatter of type
, writers A and ringing of - telephone"-' bells.'
.There '.may : or.: may.-. not »be the- roar of
' the presses in the room beneath or above.
But. there iis ? always' the • delicious, " : In tan
gible! exhilarating smell of printers' ink
' and • fresh ' paper, - and there ; is a
sense \u25a0; of : being in , touch with i what *is
going; on. in the world. ' • . ,<.
-.There" is i besides'; an -'unusual; sort .--.of
'courtesy; in^a newspaper' office; it is; the
: courtesy 'of * comradeship.'! The \u25a0 exigencies
bX; newspaper; life bring all , those, who are
\u25a0 : in : it into" a - wholesome,"' sympathetic' rela
tionship. If . a'.womanrobtrudes'herjfem
inlnity. and obtains . purely ; masculine [ gal-,
lantry,. she; loses the more .vigorous, hu
man ; courtesy .which, is' so; spontaneously
offered. As in every thing - else,' the wor
n\u25a0 slx\- chooses her own '^position; -she imay
\u25a0 think of herself to, be of ; the human race
engaged- in: a ;congenial: task, or.she may
be self-conscious and 'so attract - sex no
tice. .. "• - ' . . •J^@MBBBBWW
-But' this should be r said and' repeated;
a; woman may go in and "out :of; a busy
' ne wspapei* office full .* of ; men , and - at
tract less: notice -than when she; walks
down the church aisle "on'a.Suhdayjnorn-.
ing: r ; or^ enters a hotel dining-room filled
-with men 'of : the leisure class. \u25a0 The:'disa
fgreeableV- side "< of ? newspaper, work; is of
enough significance ; to r put •in black , and
white -before "the -eyes; of any; aspirant; of
reportorial"- honors ; ; it *is (exceedingly'dis
agreeable •; to .interview r dlsagreeable 'peo
' pie,' to be ; sent -out for _ Interview vwlth the
members-: ot ; a- famllyfih^distress "Jor :dis-;
grace, ' to have ; to ; push' into ; the prl vacyj of
home i or opinion. ;.:• It is not only disagree
able, but /hard j to-be iVout- on' a. story"/ all
day and then ; riot get the 'desired . Informa
tion, c It'- is \ hard ?to ,be \ absolutely .l truth-
' f ul 'when' a ? little^ wandering^ from "^the
: truth will gain a' fact or, a favor,! and Tput
"one -in r good ' standing for cleverness when
once back '. in* the office? ' -, It^ is ' hard,", too."
for.: some '; natures : in ;. sexes "=to : , avoid
the excessive ;Use r of -.newspaper; \u25a0; slang,
\u25a0 arid hi the C misuse ' of ? the
freedom - incident 'upon : the. ; character . of
certain X "assignments —as \the ~\ orders": to
feol6ut c 'onithis"or that piece of -work : are
\u25a0called." . ' ," v : :^- • ..-.'/ '-', ' : [ .: • '"'\u25a0-. :
)?: But -the 'sum total of : the agreeable
'disagreeable \u25a0" depends^ : after- all for its
' predominating :*' character "upon , the Uem
' perarnent \u25a0; "and ,\the '•-. physical : : and - mental;
'fitness :^of * the ;.lwoman: "sVitallty { spends
! itself j rapidly ,"< for Uhe V excitement*, of J the
' work\ is \ likely^ to '» be I intense.'!" . Th e, possii
ibilityj of: nervqiis; breakdown corifronts r a.U
most y every t! newspaper^ man f or v woman'
:who|starts ».with; enthusiasm. *i 'And {.those
whoi have- jno^enthuslasmTdo , not
;The^w6rk -4 calls 2 constantly y for.. 4 young
: blood ;fand .the older! reporters J who tha've.
had I their ... training I usual ly: become : special'
writers.', editors on one or ' another^ of Uhe
Jiosne and Woman
WhoWorßs,
WHY is equal work for equal pay
not recognized wh«n the la
borers working side by aide
are a man and a woman? The
old-fashioned answer was be
cause the man is the supporter of the
woman, . who Is therefore dependent.
That answer held good until a quarter of
a century ago, when the new order was
established, .which is Just beginning to be
felt economically. To-day only , one-half
of the population believe " it— the men.
It is still \ true that woman's work is
paid less* than that . of ' a man. because
woman has not yet set a ..commercial
value on her time. She is not fully con
scious of her position as part of the in
dustrial world and her relation to 'it has
not been sharply defined.
But the reasons why;* woman working
to-day as teacher, as stenographer, in
the store or factory, receives -such a low
wage are so complex that it is difficult
to state them without entering into a
long explanation! . Four and ; f bur-tenth«
per cent of the total wage earning popu
lation'of the United States are Women,
,whlch!ls an increase of. nearly 25 per cent
hr the total female population during the
last ';ten years.; , During" r 'that ' time- the
average' income of a woman i has risen
from $273 per year to $280, as," against J513
for a man, 1 his increase- only being a few
cents during the decade. This is a large
Increase, though not*proportiqriate-to the
increased ' number- of *women -workers. ."\u25a0
In- the Government; Investigation made
in 118961 1896, -known as>a ."good year,", it wu
found f that the average • weekly wage of
the : woman was ?5. ' No ; statistics have
been gathered lately, so "that figures must
be taken as only representing a part, not
the whole,- of *the^" question," but it Is safe
to say. that- any increase that .women
have gained has been due to their own
efforts by. organization among - them
selves. . _'.'.- . -' • * vV-'X^"
>-The Industries in .which women receive
the S highest annual wage are | the boot
and shoe and the "cotton, where they earn
on | the average from |300 to $400 per year,
and the woolen and • hosiery, where the
average is - between .1250 and , J3OO. This
income - hardly* seems sufficient for the
woman to clothe and feed herself, and it
must be remembered' that the figures are
the average, not the • exception/ where
piecework : or the union scale has caused
the wage to] rise.
\u25a0 Roughly, speaking, there. are three rea
sons'given' as objections why a woman's
wage should be - so . low. First, because
of the unstable. nature of her length of
service, ; where * she -enters "'a* work as a
temporary ..employe"', to help* the family
over a \u25a0 hard time ' or; for:, what is termed
. "pin-money" : ;- seconds her t physical ina
bility; to stand-, the long strain of years
of ;' hard ':- regular , work, ' and third, the
marriage 'equation. " :';-,v " ..^
.Women as wage ; earners are in . the
transion period. "The effect! of organiza
tion and popular education and the open
; ing up tof new avenues of industrial op
portunity have so changed the conditions
;of labor that what was . true yesterday is
* not true' to-day. . . : . .
'More and more women enter, the indus
>: trials field . with the purpose of leading an
independent,' economic" life,. and it is not
In the lyast exceptional to, hear, a woman
say that 'she has worked eighteen - years
at her.trade.' There are a large majority,
however, who only -expect" to 'work for a
short' time or who work and then lay off,
"to whom the future Is. an -unknown quan
tity. The number; who 'work for pin
money are comparatively small, ' it being
one of , the | exploded | of - yesterday
now^aid away with the "queer old maid"
Iwhtr has served - her day and ; generation.
!,The # question;- of marriage is "one : of the
most prominentat the present 'time where
the* seeming impossibility of harmonizing
the home life and the .wage, earning work
presents j itself for solution. The woman
. who has . worked before?, marriage , In a
factory : or shop, who has . attained : some
degree; of economic »/ independence and
particularly if ! she has enjoyed the fel
lowship'of a union,", is "loth :to stay, at
home r after , marriage/ and* fails"-' to ? find
satisfaction ( for her. awakened- powers In
the: round. of ordinary home work. Where
no club > activities! are : possible, providing
as the best of the working women's clubs
do,, a [ legitimate channel « for social, - civic
; and municipal Interests, the womangets
: tired of." inactivity and * gradually" drifts
back * Into ;,work. It \u25a0/ is'"; estimated \u25a0 that
"nearly one- fourth of the women who* toil
.are married- women , with 'families, this
estimate* including widows L and ; deserted
wives. '-„. '\u25a0 " ::'..'•\u25a0 -' . ""\u25a0"\u25a0..•':
The ', invention of complicated , machin
ery, requiring great : skill on ". the . part of
the "operatives implying a corresponding
degree of physical strength, tends to les
sen the. term of service by "wearing' bat"
the" ;wbman operator. '* In ' other words,
a woman cannot become and stay part 1 of
a* machine .as long as a man ; can.
The same argument can be used Uo ex
plain the "low, wage that is; brought for
ward \u25a0;\u25a0 by the men— the Influx of immigra
tion ' with'- Its oversupply " of * cheap * labor."
As , one \ nationality • is ; educated to "Ameri-"
can standards of living "another, has come
in to 'take its place, and the process " has
to' ; be .gone ; through ;,with '. again. These
arguments "do not apply • to ; the ' teachers
-.whb'istand^lnc'a group \apart." Only Tone
city -; in I the .Union : has ; Its j teachers ; affili
ated Jwith ;the great : labor.? movement* of
the country and .which ' ha» dared to defy
\u25a0 local 1 municipal \ graft • and • claim its . due.
.The : fight ; is not : yet \ over, .but ; the • feder
ation is putting for v* 'a strenuous effort to
s'ecurejthe living wage. as a wage earner
and ,to [i obtain ,'condltions , of » labor which
justice Requires" shall De given ; to equals.
By.T organization ;and ,a deeper under
' standing on^ the part of the women " them
selves ,that -whenever .they enter , the in
dustrial I field become part of it and
that'the concern of one Is the concern, of
all. - the demand of the woman- for; equal
pay * • for.' equal ; work : : "\ -11 > receive recog
: nition^-gg^gg
papers theyhave served, or 50 Intomaga
zine -or j book"- writing:.
C. Thus ' it' la I that ; the ' field Is always open
to *; beginners.' \u25a0 ; But ". of 4 the * beginners few
are^choseri, 1 '; and * that is * perhaps as " well,
for pays' a ' heavy penalty, and
discouragement, here.! as elsewhere Is
of ten r a~ kindness in ; disguise."Orlcnt for th« esrpre** purj»o»e
O £ looking; I**» **« trade »itua
tf«m with eritlenl, unprejudiced,
bn*lJ»f »» ey«»» the view* •< Mr.
n*rrim*» «r* •' e«peetal fm
p(ir «Bfr to San Framcl«co.
aiiE SAN-yKKANCISGQ SyNDAV, CAI.L.
EDWRRDI; N£RRIM*IsH
Edward H. Harriman
in the Orient
W. L. Brown
''\u0084-. »-. w O country within my, reckon
- /\ I ing has achieved ,' as much -as
I ,\J Japan in such a short spaco
V,' of time and under; like trying
circumstances. Although she has
not' yet recovered from the . effects
of the recent terrible war she is asking
nothing . from other nations but their
good will and is exerting a" feeling among
her own, subjects to forget that^ Russia
was ever an enemy.. Her people are rap-
Idly advancing, in education to a - state
most remarkable theix leaders are keen
wltted diplomats, who' are alive to all
domestic and foreign questions that'have
a bearing on the future welfare of the
Orient; they are destined to become a
great manufacturing people and will, by
the excellent example they are furnish
ing for China, eventually waken that
nation to the need of Western civiliza
tion. It is for the Americans to deter
mine by their enterprise 'just how far
they are to share in the commercial de
velopment of the Orient. V It behooves the
merchants of San Francisco to carefully
study the needs of China, as ether na
tions are doing, and meet thesa needs
with such articles as find a ready mar
ket there." \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0' .-. .
That is the conclusion of Edward H.
Harriman," who,, as the financial agent of
Jacob Schiff and a coterie of financiers,
directs the affairs of the great Harriraan
system.' of- railroads and incidentally as
sists in', the management of several hun
dred million, dollars of. other interests in
this country ana Mexico. The > railroad
magnate's return from the Far East last
Monday was marked by aVi ocean record
breaking trip on one of his own ships
and an exceptional show of enthusiasm
on his part that actually caused com
ment among the chiefs of his big trans
portation lines, who had assembled hero
to 'welcome him heme.
President Harriman Is known through
out-the country as a. man '.of -few words.-
Brevity ls» also a rule with him in all mat.
tera of correspondence. What he gleans
In the way 'of information . or knowledge
- he generally stores away In his mind and
-'guards it as religiously asa "miser guards
his .gold. \u25a0•'\u25a0 .."','-. \u25a0'
PHis return to. this country Monday,
however, was/marked with' a generosity
of words. He , grave his interviewers, con
siderable of his time, while the other
members of his party' were preparing to
; leave the Siberia, and.'later,^ during the
* trip across the . bay on the tug.- Arabs,
"on his way to the Oakland mole, "where
w his special train was waiting" to carry
him to New York, Mr. Harriman detailed
the many interesting experiences he had
had during his foreign trip and con
cluded with a review of what he had
noted In the Orient that would prove, a
strong Indorsement to a bond issue from
either China or. 1 Japan: ;
Few men of note who have visited
Japan have been afforded a better chance
to' study conditions than Mr. X Harriman.
for, fully appreciating .'the fact that he
represents some of the largest interests
in . this country and as the head *of the
' Pacific Mall Steamship Company arid its
sister, line in the north,; he Is deeply in
terested in the Oriental trade, the bank
ers' associations , and .commercial bodies
of Toklo and -Yokohama joined with the
representatives of the Mikado In giving
their American guest every opportunity
of looking into the trade affairs of the
country. '
•'The most disinterested traveler," re
marked Mr.\ Harrlman. as he stood on
the forward deck of the, Arabs, .••cannot
fall to note the progress . the Orientals
are making. The Japanese are certainly
a. credit to the world. They have grasped
the modern* idea of civilization In i way
that bodes a revolution of customs In _the
Far -East • China eventually is bound to
follow the course of her, neighbor, who
has shown a willingness to help -her. "At
the outbreak l of - the recent war :it was
Japan's claim ! that the future of all Chi
na depended upon her? making 'a credit
able stand against Russia In order to Jus
tify Japan's adoption of Western civili
sation. It the war failed^the • Japajlese
wise men arKued,.' Chins,; would digcr edit
Western civilization 'a» unfitting for the
Ortenfr/rwhere the people had llved^for
gerieratlOß* under Oie' .tame ' customa.
While war between • nations is • to be re
gretted it certainly has been responsible
for t a great change in the Far East. "It
has l brought one of r the smallest nations
in .the 'globe toa' prominent position In
the \u25a0*poria'» " affairs and . started the . peo
pl»:bf the largest and oldest country seri
ously^thmking ' about thelrj own future
\u25a0welfare. ' , * -. " '.- '. : -.
"You hay» recently/ had a visit from
one of China's most distinguished and
learnidtdiploßQats, Wong K#i Kn.h, sent"
hither to" study \u25a0 various commercial in
terests^«or/ the benefit of- his' country,
andr-when I was about to embark on
my.feturn trip -to America another and
higher commission, including :a royal
representative, was -preparing "to come
\u25a0 to 'this -country on -a similar mission.
China, f; although \ receiving ; ' , encourage
tneStt'and assistance : from Japan, pro
•s<>**\u25a0s.Xof-direct,. her ;own. progress i 'in
the /methods *of : Western j civilization.
The time may not be far off when she
will; devise some means of arousing a
strong national patriotism and organiz
ing her people, as Japan did her sub
jects, with a view of promoting the de
velopment of her great territory, that
abounds with all oa nature's riches. I
learned during my. stay In China that
the" Government has several thousand
students studying .in the schools of
Japan, with the apparent thought of cul
turing them- In modern ideas, and I
have also been told tha.t more of these
students would be sent. to this country
for the same purpose were the laws
here such' that they could travel com
fortably and pursue their studies In our
institutions of learning without fear of
prejudice.'**-^ ;%
Mr. Harriman was disposed to com
ment in ; a - somewhat "serious manner
upon the enterprise that has been
shown by the business- men of Canada
and the mercantile communities of
some of the larger nations of Europe in
their efforts ,to secure business in
China. They go after business in a way
that deeply Impresses the Chinese con
sumer. Their goods are made attrac
tive to the buyer and are advertised
in ways that create a market for them.
Although historically an enterprising
nation, Mr. Harriman is reluctant to
admit, that the American manufactur
ers have shown - any remarkable
amount of enterprise in their efforts to
enjoy-the rapidly increasing frade with
the Orient. Admitting that the trade
with the Orient had increased enor
mously during the past two years, Mr.
Harriman is of the opinion that a lit
tle more energy on the part of the
people of . this country, and especially
of the "West, will insure greater orders
for goods from China and a firmer
hold for the, American merchant in the
Orient.'.', ' :
Although -Mi'. Harriman's visit to the
Orient was a comparatively short one,
he found time to travel as far north as
Port; Arthur, stopping:' over at Dalny,
returning to, Japan by way of Korea,
where he and the members of his party
were tho recipients of -the- highest cour
tesies 1 - that could be extended to on
-untitled foreigner. " Of the future of
Korea' Mr. Harriman was not Inclined
to volunteer an opinion, further than to
suggest that ' its - destiny lies mainly
within the control of Japan.
While- in Tokio he met Vice Minister of
Foreign Affairs Chinda, who discussed
with him the affairs of K6re£, as he had
done 'but a few days before at a meet
ing of the United Chambers of Commerce,
then assembled in the Japanese capital.
The Vice Minister said that the empire's
foreign policy concerning Korea, as well
as Manchuria, had been frequently out
.Hned in public utterances of Its represen-.
tatives, and he. 'added that It was hardly
necessary for him to say that the cardinal
basis of these utterances was the preser
vation,of peace and the maintenance of
Japan's Integrity: Japan, said the Vice
Minister, had acquired certain interests
in Korea, : but : he regretted to say that
several- of the settlements secured by
Japan in -, the neighboring country were
producing nothing but crops of weeds, a
fact that could not be attributed to offi
cial carelessness. , Now that peace wa3
restored it rested with the business men
of Japan to decide whether. the territory
acquired in ' Korea should be used to a
good advantage. "The Government of
Japan had expressed a willingness to con
tribute liberally, toward any reasonable
development plan, provided the merchant
element would : join •In the, project. In
this way Japan hopes to advance the In
terests of Korea and force the people
of the latter to a realization that they,
, too, 'have to work If they expect to keep
apace with civilization. "
- Concerning .the recent stories of up
risings In the principal cities 'of \u25a0 Japan
by those opposed to the conditions of the
peace treaty Mr. Harrlman said the tele
graphic accounts must have 'been greatly
exaggerated, for,: while it: ls true /that a
turbulent force In Japan ' has been , mak
ing • demonstrations - against ! the Govern
ment's policy in the matter of the settle
ment of the war, nothing that he had
seen or heard of on that side would sug
gest the, possibility o^ a revolution.; '
.'-That loyalty to tho Emperor," said Mr.
Harriman,* "that provoked so much for
eign comment during; the [ early stages of
the recent : war still prevails : among the
Japanese,' arid I expect to read of, lt as
serting itself In a - remarkable measure
on November 3r3 r when the Emperor ob
serves his birthday. There Is to be a
great celebration, i including royal recep
tions* public y fetes, in^ which all the
notable ; officials '.' of .. the empire /will - par
ticipate, and a special ceremony that -will
commemorate 1 the signing of the peace
treaty with -Russia. •' . -"V".
"One 'peculiar; thing that a traveler
nqtlees at present In' Japan Is the out
ward ; friendly feeling shown to the Rus-
Bians, and I really . believe that it \u25a0 is . sin
cere." At the public gatherings. of various
bodies where prominent men ' speak It is
common ;to hear one t *speaker.> after an
other , remark that Russia is now a= friend
of Japan \u25a0 and , that . their interests in the
Far East are practically one. There
seems to be a. united effort upon the part
of the Jai>ahes« to convince Ru3sia tfiat
the spirit, of enmity has been abandoned.
even suggests Itself upon the streets,
where a Russian, who but a few weeks
ago was the avowed ensrr.y of the Japan
ese, now receives a smile from hia former
opponent, and. often they bow and shake
hands."
Naturally the railroad systems of
Japan and China deeply .Interested Mr.
Hafrlman'on his tour, and especially
.those of China. r To railroad construc
tion in China during tho pa3t seven
year 3 he attributes much of that coun
try's progress. It is expected that a*
great deal of railroad construction
work will be started In the various
sections of Japan during the next- two
years. At present one of the serious
problems confronting the Government
officials is concerning the handtics of
the vast army. that is soon, to b«.with
drawn from the flshtlnsr zone, without
interfering to adangsrous degree with
the regular railroad bU3ine33 of the
country. . * *
-While In Tokto Mr. Harrlman gained
much information from the represen
tatives of the Government regarding
the financial affairs of the country. lrt
so far as they were 'affected by tho
heavy drain resultant of the war -with
Russia. He was informed that the
Government, -while not fearing any
great financial embarrassment in con
sequence of the -war. is striving to
enforce economy in the way of admin
istrative expenditures. At the same
time it was realized that the post- *
bellum situation would very liliely de
mand Increased outlays in different di
rections; for example. In the matter of
national armaments.
"The people apparently do not object
to expenditures In that direction,** re
marked Mr. Harrlman, "but they do
Insist that the Government follow its olti
custom of giving equal attention to ih*
conditions of the four divisions of so
ciety, namely. x th« military, the agricul
tural, the commercial and the indus
trial. — It was explained to me that the
people feel that progress In the em
pire cannot bo 1 accpmplished unless
* simultaneous development 13 effected In*
these four branches of society, as they
are pleased to term theta. Thl3 feeltns
of" the people of Japan Is shared by the
officials of the Government and has
been the. subject of special discussions
between many of the prominent men
of . the country. To carry along the
new* burdens that were accumulated in
the preparations for the ."recent war
naturally the resources of the country
have- to be augmented'- and the Gov
ernment has already undertaken this
by endeavoring to Increase the exports,
particularly those of raw silk and cot
ton yarns.
"It was explained by Baron Shlbus
awa that Japan regarded in a very se
rious light the fact that her trade with
China does not yet come within" one
third of America's trade with the same
country, and he has suggested to the
United Chambers of Commerce that
steps should at once be taken to cor
rect this difference in trade through.
Industrial means. Of. Japan's finan
cial condition at this particular time
I doubt if any other country could have
come out of a war in better shape. Ac
cording to the statements of Japan's
Minister of Finance the adjustment of
the country's war expenses after the
troubles of 1594-95 was comparatively
easy, Inasmuch aa no loans were raised
abroad. In the last war. however, ;
Japan Incurred heavy liabilities in
Europe and this country that Involve
the annual payment of 50.000.000 -yen.
This fact does not cause much anxiety
to the Government.'*
A Queer Clock
"Speakins of queer things, the clock
In our. office .cut a curious carjer the
other night," said an old .newspaper
man. "and I "was Just thinking of tha
romantio possibilities of the happening.
Lately the clock has not been working
well. In fact, it haa refused to run for
some reason, and repair work has
failed to put It in anything like decent
shape. On the particular night I hay»
in mind it. was absolutely dead, and. I
believe, had been perfectly , still for
several days. Along- about the closing
up time there waa a sudden flutter in
the clock's machinery, , and then the
funny .thins; began to happen. The
clock began to tick precisely like a tel
egraph instrument. It -was a call from
some point. 'Gee!' shrieked a man near
me who has some knowledge of teleg
raphy. "There's something doing. Hear
that — "Singapore" — bet you Rojestven
sky has bumped up against Togo's fleet
In the China Sea/ The clock keut on
calling. It kept on spelling 'Singapore.*
At least that's what the man said. 'It's
a \u25a0 hunch!'; ha shrieked again directly,
"and unless. "we get busy around here
we* \u25a0 will ' just about get 'the life scooped
out of us bi—mlssins the biggest naval
engagement- in history.* "Don't get ex
cited, fold man.' said a quiet fellow
over in the corner, 'and Just keep your
eye on * the clock. The pictures of the
battle will be flashed in a few min
utes and you will be able to see Ro
jestvensky and his crowd. hustling for
the" bottom.* 'It's funny. Isn't it,* said
the quiet nian after a , while, 'on what
thin pegs we sometimes hang a tale?
Here's an ol<3, wornout .clock, with a
telegraphic connection,' and -" in some
way -the ; wires get , mixed, the machin-"
e'ry is jostled a little ft and '& begfns to
click \u25a0 and immediately., the ' .. romantio
mind begins to conjure up I
,\vas just .wondering how "many of
yarns about- the: wars-progress"ins -progress "in the
Far East, the losses in» ships and men.
have been taken from dead clocks*
Many. I-dare ? say.*"School for Housewives
"\u25a0"",' -\u25a0*"\u25a0•\u25a0.<«<:•, - *"+ * **.* ""\u25a0.'',»\u25a0'"( -\u25a0' -- " * .r"" \u25a0 <\u25a0 V* .-\u25a0•>?.-- »'"\u25a0-- i- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0< \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'*\u25a0 ' .-'\u25a0'\u25a0; .'^. . 1 r - * -\u25a0'.-. '..f \u25a0.-"'.\u25a0•";* \u25a0 - . " ,j. ' .- , r *.. - • ~- - r __. •\u25a0!.-- . . . \u25a0 .#.'.. \u25a0/*,*•*\u25a0" \u25a0*" * \u25a0 T *'*" ** ; * T y*w K> *\u25a0 vVT 7 ? \u25a0*. T.- if *t. "" '
AS HER name indicates,
Bridget-Thekla is a com
posite creation.
How it happened that
her Irish father, a gardener of low
degree, drifted into Germany, mar
ried there, and, after the birth of a
daughter, drifted back to the Brit
ish Isles, dropping anchor in Lcn
don, where his child lived until she
came to America ten years ago,
has nothing to do with the present
narrative, except as heredity may
have given a trend to our com
posite's character and career.
She asked for die interview in a
note which is a model in its way:
Dear Madam: I read in the papers a
preat deal about the trouble American
lafiles have with their servants. If you
could see me for half an hour, mayl>e
I could tell ;ou some of the raisins why.
Tour obliged servant,
BRIDGET-THEKI^A.
Bridget - Thekla's orthography
leaves something to be desired.
She writes legibly, and I note with
real satisfaction that, although she
is "in place/ her stationery is evi
dently of her own purchasing, and
jiot filched from her mistress' desk.
JJy fellow-housewives will .appre
ciate this point in her favor. "The
\u25a0wise convey it oall,"' said ancient
Pi<tol of professional peculation in
his generation, and the fashion has
not jronc out.
Bridsret-Thekla is goodly to look
upon. Forty years old, as she fear
lessly confesses, her teeth are sound,
her pray eyes clear and her com
plexion, albeit v trifle muddied by
laundry steam and kitchen heat,
bears out the jrcn^ral impression of
cleanliness and wholesomeness pro
duced by her appearance. She wears
a Mack stuff skirt, and, the day be
inff warm for the season, a white
i^hirt waist. A bunch of red pop
pies in her black straw hat is the
one" touch of smartness in her? de
cent attire. Her hands are covered
by gray lisle thread gloves. Alto
gether, she is a buxom, comely fig
ure, as unlike the average Amer
ican ""help" as her modest bearing
is unlike the mixture of "bluff" and
patronage that marks the de
meanor of the aforesaid.
A BETTER UNDERSTANDING
She snys "Thank you, ma'am," in
taking the chair to which I noint in
asking her to sit down. It would
be expecting too much to look for
an old world courtesy, seeing she
has lived in independent America
for a decade. Yet it would not
surprise you if she were to drop the
old-time salutation one sees in ball
rooms, and which is rising into
favor in very "swell" children's
• schools. Perhaps when their mis
tresses set them the example, our
maids may cease to despise this cus
tom of their childhood as evidence
of -"previous state of servitude."
I take the initiative at once to
spare embarrassment:
"So you think that we who write
for the papers are a little hard upon
—maids ?"
. 1 dare not say "servants," al
though she usetl the word in her
note.
She smiles respectfully:
"I was reading the other day
some pieces the servant girls are
writing — taking up for themselves
like. Maybe they wrote them. It's
as likely, to my way of thinking,
that they were written for them.
There is no good in abusing either
side — as I look at it. If we could
get to understanding and feeling for
jne another, seems to me things
would get straightened out."
"You are right there!" I assent,
emphatically. "The question is
how to get at a right understand
ing. The whole servant question"
— bringing it out boldly — "is such a
hopeless mix."
ALL ON ONE FOOTING
"You see, ma'am, the 'green
horns' (that's what we call them
when they first come over) are be
gun with wrong. I went out a little
way into the country last Sunday on
the cars, and cne of the greenest of
the green, and the friend who had
been to get him through the gates,
sat just behind me. And all the
talk between them was how the
young fellow was to keep a stiff
upper lip and stand up for himself
in this free country, and how every
body was as good as everybody else.
*1 s pose,* says the greenhorn as we
passed some handsome country
places, 'they belong to some of the
first-class people about here, don't
theyf And says the older man.
•There's nayther first nor second
class over here; they r re all on a
footinT
a *Tvras as much as I could do,
knowing from his tongue that he
ivas countryman to my own father,
to keep myself from turning round
and saying to bis face: 'You call
yourself that boy's friend, and sit
there stuffing him with lies that are
sure to get him into trouble!' I
mind how a young girl — Norali
Mackey was her name, and she had
the makings of a fine woman in her
if she'd been left alone — lost a good
Housemothers in Weekly Conference With Marion Harland
I notice a request for directions for can
ning beets without vinegar. I have put them
up tiuccessfulfy for several years In the
tollowing manner:
Cook as usual, selecting as young and
tender beet.- as possible. When tender, rub
the skins off and put in cans, cutting ot.ly
as much as is necessary to get the beets
into the cans. Kill the cans brimful with
beets, then to overflowing with boiling
water and screw on the cover tightly.
I should like to ark for advice in my turn.
My dahlias grow fine and large, and bud
freely, but the buds drop oft. so that I have
not had a single blossom. I can discover
no vermin- What can I do for them?
Mrs. O. (Sinclalrvllle. N. V.).
My English gardener, to whom I have
referred the dahlia dilemma, thinks
your plants have not sunshine enough to
bring the blossoms to perfection. Dahl
ias, he cays, "need a pile of sunlight."
They grow tall and rank in the shade,
but will not flower freely. Perhaps
some horticulturist may suggest some
thing else?
Vinegar Without the Apples.
Prom the wilds of Mexico a read«r would
request that you send a reelp* for making
white vinegar. There are no apples \u25a0or
grapes here. Also a recip« for making a
good grade of scented toilet soap.
Mrs. D. S. (Mexico). '
As I eaid a week or two ago, a toler
ably good vinegar may be made of weak
green tea, sweetened and 'set in a warm
place to ferment. . But think of living
in a country that produces neither* ap
ples nor grapes! you have our warm
est'sympathy under the deprivation. I
am told that cactus figs, crushed, turn
to vinegar if left in the sun. You can
surely get these.
Will some of our excellent Boapmakers
answer the second request?
A Remedy for Fleas.
I cannot but appreciate the benefits that I :
have received from your column, although I
have never asked anything through It. How- .
ever. I desire to ask If there Is any disin
fectant or drug that would be an aid in
getting rid of fleas. We are troubled con
siderably with them, and would be very
grateful for a remedy.
I would say that I do not think many of
your readers know how to keep salt dry in
the salt cellar. If a little comstarch were
used they would find that that trouble
would be remedied^
A BUSY HOUSEWIFE (Buffalo. N. V.).
Pennyroyal gathered green and strew
ed thickly over the floor and under
beds, gathered up when dry. and burn
ed, will drive away fleas. Oil of penny
royal may be used by those who can
not get the green herb. An ounce,
stirred into a gallon of boiling- water,
makes a wash which should be applied,
scalding hot, to bedsteads and cracks in
and around the flooring.
I can certify to the efficiency of the
cornstarch in preventing salt from cak
ing in damp weather.
Two Rescues.
(I) May I ask a favor? I send you a.
piece of my dress. The waist is lined , with .
blue cambric and there is a separate blue
lining for skirt There are three narrow
ruffles on the bottom ,of skirt, - with nar
row baby-blue velvet ribbon on the edge.
„ The waist is also trimmed with the ribbon-.
"Is there any v.ay to clean and not wash it?
'2)1 have some tapestry curtains, olive
green and rose. Where they were \u25a0 draped
they got soiled by heads hitting against
them. I . cleaned them with gasoline and
It took out the color. How can I restore
it? I hope I have not "worn your patience
to a thread. ;.; D. O. C. (Wyoming).
The gown could be cleaned with flour
and salt, or with block magnesia, .or
with powdered fuller's earth— any one
of which should be well rubbed into
the stuff and left In for a week.
But— those ruffles and tows of velvet
ribbon! Were I in your place I should
rip them off and clean them separately.
I have never heard of gasoline fading
anything. . It takes out dirt, . but not
color. You might dip a corner of one
curtain in alum water, made strong
with ammonia, and see if the color will
return, even partially.
place for the same reason. She
was a bit uppish in her talk to the
mistress — as nice a lady as ever
was, and I lived with her four years,
till she moved to the West. And
says the lady, quiet and. gentlelike,
'Norah, I think you forget to whom
you. are speaking.' At that the silly
Rust Stains.
Kindly tell me through your valuable col
umns how to take rust stains out of a
child's white dress.
Mrs E. H. OB. (Plttsburg. Pa.).
Soak all night in sour buttermilk;
next day wash in pure water, dry % and
wet the spots with lemon Juice and' lay
in the sun all day. Throw into pure
water at night and soak twe.lve hours.
Wash, then, in the usual way.
To Preserve Eggs.
Can you give me a recipe for bouillon that
can he quickly made? All I have require
bo much time. V
Some months ago one of our brothers. "B.
B." from Minneapolis, asked for a cake
without eggs. I do not recall seeing an
answer to this appeal . A few days ago I
found in my cook book such a recipe, and
determined to try this means of reaching
••J> R•• • \u25a0 \u25a0 V*
a'b this Is the season when the good house
wife, ant-like, is preparing for winter, I
will send my recipe for keeping eggs. Make
a solution of one quart of salt and one
quart of lime (measured after it Is thor
oughly slaked), two gallons of hot water.
Mix in a large vessel and set to cool; drain
off the solution and put Into an earthen
ware Jar. Examine each egg carefully, for
if one is cracked or Impure it will ruin all.
Test each egg by placing it in a vessel of
fresh water. If It remains on the bottom
of the vessel, you put it in the solution. If
it floats at all. It is fit for immediate use
alone. When the eggs reach within \u25a0 a few ,
inches of the top of the solution, add more
liquid. - Always keep the eggs well covered.
I use a five- gallon jar and keep the eggs
until April. The llmo renders the shell very
thin, so care must be taken in removing
the eggs for use. So much of the solution
THE CARE OF BEDS AN D BEDSTEADS
Mary E. Carter
Copyright. 1905. by A. .8. Barnes & Co.
BEDSTEADS and mattresses require
vigilant care to keep them clean
\u25a0 and free from dust or vermin and
protected against spotting of any
sort. The whole character of any house
keeping is unmistakably stamped by the
appearance of the bedsteads and the
mattresses when they are uncovered.
Mattresses once colled -are very ; dif
ficult to clean without taking them
apart. They should never be left un
covered'for any great length of . time,
and when . in '. use ought to have slip
covers of strong muslin that can be re
moved and washed ,\u25a0 periodically. sWhen
they are moved about, ; their covers
should always be left on. It is hardly
necessary to expatiate upon , the tri
fling work of washing these covers as
compared with cleaning the mattresses
when once they get soiled. Their, covers
are also advantageous because they pro
tect them from dust, especialy where it
is difficult to remove in and around' the
tufting. When . not' ao '\u25a0 protected mat
tresses should be swept -monthly .with
a whisk brdom.' and all of the tufts
thoroughly brushed , free '\u25a0-, from .;\u25a0 dust
which may get around or, in them dur
ing the intervals >. between " the *• regular
cleaning. days. ;.-.:. -. ; \u25a0'. . - :'-\u25a0•
Mattresses^ may be kept like : new for
years if they are i systematically turned
daily— one day reversed ; from side to
side, and . the next ; from' Ho p. to bottom. :
This method helps to equalize the .' pres
sure upon them of , the human body, and
prevents their becoming-soon* packed , in'
spots, as they do when -no attention Is
paid to mattress turnlng.^lt lightens the
labor -, of turning > and y- insures •? greater
variety of pressure, • If • mattresses •: for
double bedsteads ' are '. made ' In : sections
easy to handle.^'" : " ; ' , • •
Little ; quilted I and ..washable • bed i pro
tectors ; come - neatly made . and : bound."
They; are inexpensive: and ? should jbe a
part of I the : furnishing iof i all , beda.'f.but
especially for- those of, children ' and very,
old ;' people, '-'i; They .i are *: easily .? made at
home,;where.there is a ; sewing machine.'
THE t S AN 2 FRANCISCO ; SUNDAY: C ALK
girl turns upon her, and she says,
'I'm speaking to my aiqual, sure! In
this country there's nothin' but
education" as makes 3 the difference
between people, and I have that as
well as yourself.' j
- "Poor girl ! Because she could
read and write, and thought herself
is absorbed by the fez often it in difficult
io separate the white from the yolk. Hut a
few strokes are necessary to beat the whites
pcrrecily stiff. .. • v
Mrs. J. H.'McC. -(Chicago).
Your services in our behalf should be
requited by something better than a
regretfulr-"I know of no quick way of
making bouillon." I can return no other
answer. You may expedite the process
by soaking the chopped meat in cold
water for an hour before setting it
over fire. Can any wiser housemother
help our fellow-member? "
The recipe for eggless cake will be
found in another column.
"Pretty Way" of Hemming;
The other day • a neighbor came in with
a dozen table napkins, asking me to hem •
them my "pretty \u25a0• way." as •• she said. *
while doing so. it occurred' to me that < it
might act as a suggestion to some of your
many, constituents, who need to eke out a
Blender Income, if I spoke of It. It seems
to me many who buy a- good .quality . of
table linen would *be willing, to pay— say
75 cents a dozen for having napkins - hem
med, or Jl-'for the Jargest size, i They
are much daintier hemmed '\u25a0 by hand. • but
many have no time to spare for it. Perhaps
the linen deoartments .of the stores would
be wiling to call their patrons' attention to
It. if some one left cards with name and
address. There might also be work for some
one to do who knew how to wash blankets
well. "A professional blanket washer!" I
wish I knew one now. I know how myself,
but am not strong enough. ' In Scotland we
used to trample them with • our feet.- -
I enjoy your column very much. It seems
to be doing a helpful work in < this sin-sick •
world. While if seems bright to me. your
correspondence reveals m'lfli Ra<'"«^« pvc-v. :
where, and one of the things which seemi
which, in these days, most nouses have.
A careful housekeeper, after many years
at housekeeping with- the same beds
and furniture generally, wlllhave v a
nicer house and everything . in l better
condition than an inexperienced, care
less one, beginning -with everything new
and of the best, will | have , at E the end
of a very few years of non-caretaklng.
.Twice a- year.-; in-: fine weather, mat
tresses should have a good sunning,: in
the open air, hanging 'over lines; while
they are outside is a fitting time to have
them well thrashed with. a bamboo rug
whipper. This need > not • cause 'an up
setting of all the rooms. at; once. ;. They
can -be done. < one * or '- two • at ': a ' time,
gradually, but : methodically, Ini order
not to overlook any; one. '
JUNE THE BEST MONTH ."
Here again, "the housewife's \ notebook
will be | found serviceable ; because I she
,: can check off ; each . one when ' lt is; done.'
A family of ; ordinary size may ' have
about eight or perhaps ten . mattresses. ;
• Taking two' or three \u25a0 a"! day," or i having
them done- when . the room where.; they
belong; is. being 'cleaned, the -job will
not be at all- formidable. .. But a sun
bath four hours i twice 'a i year • ought , to
v : be ; given <to \u25a0- every; mattress t that >is in
. constant use. --One ;\u25a0 should s be ? given : in
very cold, .clear, ; frosty, weather.'; And
June is usually thdbest monthfor ,the
. other ' aun • and .air. bath. ?; It" is • safe \ to
: assert that those who ; are s; so < fortunate
as jto .sleep : on ;\u25a0. beds < thus : cared * for._will
..'; be ' in less danger: of I suffering j from | in
:> Momnia; -and will 'enjoys better.;; health
a than- others who s sleep on .non-aired j and
v packed . mattresses.* The - reason^ isr'apr
: parent, V for i one "• is -wholesome ; and J the
.: other i unwholesome.'o Of : course,"- * after,
the mattress; has-been outin extremely
<cold> weather ,-<lt l should >be, placed in a
: wa rm ; ; room i long y enough ? c to i take \u25a0 the
;,- chill 'off, before any; one - : sleeps ; on i J t,i or
• else ; it - should have I a."'-, hot; ; iron j passed
over; it ] on Sboth * sides jbefore , thei bed Us
'\u25a0- made \ up Ito x be ;*' immediately $ occupied.'
"Common - sense I should 'C always : be , used
when '; rules f; and ?, regulations & about ?+? + a
house are being made or. followed. V !
Marion Harland
lit'ery when she sat up nights read
ing, novels! The lady couldn'* help
smiling. But the girl lost her place,
and not' through her own fault at
all.
."And what with these wrong no
tions to begin with, and the strange
ness of everything in a new coun-
so sad is the need of many " middle-aged "
women to earn a 'livelihood. 'Some of. them
cannot leave home. Hence, the reason of
my sending alone this suggestion. .
\u25a0 . "J. S. S. (Clinton, Mass.)
I Every good housekeeper ' who has an
eye to what, you call "pretty ways,"
hems her ".napkins . and ! tablecloths, or
has them : hemmed by hand.' This is. so ,
well known that; the sight of a machine,
hem upon napery is a positive offense to
the eye. ; Your suggestion that "some of
your many constituents who need to eke
out a slender Income' 1 might avail them
selves of this housewifely prejudice and
offer 'to -do 'neat hemming for those who
have not the time to undertake it;them
selves is excellent, but not: new.; . .The
department ."stores to- which you refer
give customers the choice of hemmed or
unhemmed table * linen, . sheets, etc. In
purchasing these, if the customer speci
fies that ; the work must be done by
hand, she will pay more for it than for
machine hemming. Knowing this, she
•will act wisely \u25a0to have the | linen sent
home unhemmed; if she chance to know,
of some private seamstress. who. will be
glad of the work. For years I had
napery, towels and bed s linen hemmed
and ; marked with ; embroidered initials •
by a worthy: woman, who made much of
her slender income by ; taking \in such
work. There are in : every community,
however small, those to whom emploj
ment of this sort would-be a godsend if
housewives would seek them out instead
of ;' expending \u25a0 their L." own-; time \u25a0;--. and
strength in stitching upon "white work."
The same may be said of the new pro
fession you propose— that of blanket
' It Is a good plan to have wire lines
'puti up"- on; piazzas or on second-story >
':, roofs;.' accessible', from '^windows, .'and ;
.then mattress airing is simplified and
the labor minimized. Another, advantage'
of this airing is that incase of a sudden
. shower : they f can 7 be , taken \u25a0 in ; quickly,
and 7 therefore escape. getting damp.-- By
first spreading 'down ;a- large piece Vof
unbleached \u25a0 muslin, upon Ha sunny \u25a0 roof,
the '; mattresses can He out there - with
saf ety. -;A' ' clever of * ideas? •will,
after? one - or . two , hints, •» think >of ways
und . means \u25a0 f or. v airing .•: and doing ; ; the
many; things, that? fall under, this .head
, of house management. \u25a0\u25a0 The great secret
for all - thorough ; housekeepers to ; learn
and faithfully -practice * is, ; "Let . your
head save your heels u a journey." There
. will. be» always ; steps .enough <to keep
their, blood in good circulation.: v *
People livingjin .crowded cities, ; with
little ; or Vno ' yard * space, . : and ' those " un- ''
c fortunates .who dwell in flats," .will, of
"course," have ;to content themselves with
airing before opon" windows; better, that
-; than : none lat all ; ; but ; they .'will • require
, window -ventilation - for '< their - mattresses
six times as often |as /the happy ; beings,
who; live i where they : can, "have: a -pa ten
\u25a0 of. green grass; all theiriown; and, 1 ample
airing \ space | outside -their : houses: .--"Pi I-,
lows, bolsters /and everything filled with"
; feathers .l;or5down:; should-; oe treated
much i, the; same as mattresses. .
-',~i Pillows f and ••' bolsters '» can ". ue kept , in
igood conditionibyipinningithem on lines
outin the open air.i and letting them'get
nlthoroußh sun and air bath. If they can
ybe spared long enough it does them good
to have a summer shower, bath, 'provided
Uheylcanvbef left- outside j afterward to \u25a0
;\u25a0 get. perfectly, dry.; But should never
> bet" done ; during y at damp "season.- The
right; time is when sunshine and showers
: alternate; '\u25a0 and; when-: the- sunshine lasts
f long, enough ! to dryiwhatever ,is outside.;
.' Pillows and * bolsters.'. : as '-;\u25a0 well as l mat
tresses. C; should .have '% slip " covers.", z On .
; some ,'; accounts r'slip 3 covers a for ; pillows
I are even | more necessary; than any, of the .
;Others, r as ; ; pillows are.t in I many f. ways, >.
'more "exposed: to soil .: and* are unsightly
and unpleasant if not; perfectly; clean.
\u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0!\u25a0 •••\u25a0-'\u25a0...-. -^ \u25a0 " \ ":---\u25a0'*\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0':.*\u25a0\u25a0;,.-." \u25a0 .- \u25a0 \u25a0 ...\u25a0..'.
try, and the interfering of other
girls as silly as they are themselves,
who are all the time saying, 'Don't
let yourself be" put upon 1 and 'You
must stand up for this and that
privilege,' and the like, is it wonder
ful that so many of us never fit
comfortably into our places?"
washing. ,The woman who can cleans©
blankets without "fulling" or stretching
them, and who adds. to this accomplish
ment that of washing flannels without
shrinking them, should certainly be able
to turn a tidy dollar over many times a
-week if she would hang out her shingle
and , distribute \u25a0 cards -In her neighbor
hood. Husbands and bachelors would
rise up and call her blessed, and wtfely
brows gather fewer anxious lines than
now accumulate with the overseeing of
the weekly .wash.
A Place for Baby
A ; Virginia housemother slips again
Into our Family Circle, and is cordially
welcomed. . ; .
I am the mother of four— ages from »
months to 9 years— two girls and two boys.
Oh! they maki "musses." and noise. 'but
we all have fun 'together. What Is a home
without children? 1 just love tables: 1
wanted to say to a "Proud Mother" that
' 1 . am one," too. My \u25a0 last baby weighed 14
pounds at birth, and 20 pounds at 2 months.
I did not weigh him after that, but at six
months I could scarcely manage : him com
. 1 ortably on my lap. and he was Quite a
••chunk" to lift. He is. teething now and
just recovering from -whooping cougn, so h«
has fallen off a great deal. If th* "mem
bers" whft do their own ' work will Uk«
a good-sized box of smooth wood. Just deep
enough for baby when standing to see gwt
the top;. take off one side and nail strips of
smooth wood across this opening from bot
tom to top. having the bars run horliontaJ
• ly ' not perpendicularly, it Is fine for baby
when he ttrst sits • alone. Ha can see out.
and the draught from the floor isn't on him
either. If- he Is creeping tbout.. It keeps
him from getting hurt or bothering mother
when she Is in "such a hurry!' "He Boon
begins to take hold of the cross bars and
' pull up, and then to - walk around Inside.
I have a small ouilt to put In the bottom,
but a piece of blanket or slreet folded will
<Iq. .-. - \u25a0\u25a0 ": A, VIRCiINIAJ*. \u25a0
The rest of this . letter must lie over
until. next week for lack of, room.
"Restoring Shrunken Flannels."
I notice under the above heading that one
of your :i correspondents is desirous of ob
taining a recipe for "shrinking." which was
published in your , Corner . some - time ago.
I cut out the said recipe <at the time, and.
. now take pleasure •in inclosing It for the
benefit of your correspandent. - .
Here la the clipping: • \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0zaJSm&P&qfuiSsh
"I prepared a hot. 'sudsy* water with soap
powder; put in the flannels and let them
soak i a couple of hours: by that . time the
water was cold. 'w^fev^afeM^^wft^^pninwl
"I added more hot water and rubbed them.
by hand until clean, adding a little more
of the soai) powder, then • rinsed : them In
I clear hot water, and dried by a hot fire." or
over a- register. They came out much
softer, and continuing the process from week
. to week the fibres • gradually . loosened )up
and the garments became, almost -as large
as at first.". \- .--: • :
I \u25a0 send this in . answer to the : appeal of
4 : Worried . Mother. V ,A 7 child here > was left
very deaf, by - measles. Her "father took
her to a specialist.* who taught her to . hold
her nose and "blow -her -breath -through
her ears. This relieved : her In I«ss tban
two weeks.. They .did not find -It neces
sary :to . use any mcdletn^. ; .j ; «--.\u25a0 -
MRS. G. fCeorsia).
GosVof Living -
Some day— w hen '11 1 V a , my turn— won' t < ybu
write an article on how: much a .man shouKl
earn to marry,: and go .-, to housekeeping?
Should ho attempt it •Mth KS a month in a
large city ? ,- - . K.^ L;. E. (Atlentov.n. Pa.).
v\i. i>-c<t;nt : Uu»luxs" a luunm 'i3.a little .
lets than 570U a -year, lestSi than ; Jl5 a '
week.v tririe under.s^ a day. vi'his sum
must cover rent, clothing,' fuel, food and
the^last. item being 1 al
ways an unknown quantity, butinvaria
bly more formidable f than is counted
unon by \ tho • uninitiated. .
-.lesl'iwo 'people^ can »live upon it— in
one. room, eating meat but. twee a week
and the ; bride ? doing : all ; her: own work,
including v washing • anu ironing.- Such
things are J done ;in \ tenement, districts,
even in our ' large* cities. -. But it Is "a",
hand-to-hxind • flght ; f or \u25a0a -; bare subsist- '\u25a0
ence— only^ possible* for,, the, youngr and
strong ; with a \u25a0 gooaly: supply of , clothing -
to -begin -with. jmfeggBBB&BXBSBSBBm
"Don't say 'us,'" I interrupted to
say. "I am sure you fit into yours.
"Now, maybe, ma'am; but Ive
had my share of rubs; and some of
them left bruises. I was a long time
learning that everybody has got to
judge for themselves about their
own affairs. I'd be contented as
could be all the week, and of a Sun
day evening I'd go out to visit with
some of my acquaintances, and
there would be a lot of girb all
talking of how 'She' treated them.
(It' 3 never the lady*3 name, you
know, that she goes by with them, nor
yet 'the mistress'; but always 'She.')
And how we would be made like
bond-slaves and the off3couring of
the earth if we weren't on the look
out all the time. And how, then,
'She' in one home »was stingy, and
in another hot-tempered, and in
another 'She' was a 'driver,' and all
that; and how necessary it was for
us to stand by one another," and a
deal more of that same sort. Every
one had her story to tell, and when
they asked for mine I was ashamed
to say I had no complaint to make.
I've been called mean-spirited many
a time because I said I was com
fortable and had a good employer.
LIKE A UNION
"It's the same thins as the uniom
and the strikes, and the girl that
don't side with the rest is looked
down upon as a sort of traitor —
don't you see? And, from what I
can hear of men's union meetings,
it's the bosses' faults that are talked
about, and not what they do that is
just and right. There ain't so much
difference between men's ways and
women' 3 ways a3 folks are apt to
think. It's all human nature."
Bridget-Thekla's visit is oppor
tune, this being the season when
maids are on the lookout for "places
for the winter/ and mistresses are
anxious to set their households in
order before holiday work begins.
What my visitor has to say as to
"the madam's" part in making do
mestic service a "vexed question"
will be told next week.
Uooa Keapes
Tggless Cake.
(For "B. B.")
Two and a half cups of sugar; tare*,
quarters of a cup of batter; one and one-half
cups of sour milk: four and a half cups of
flour: two cups of floured raisins; one tea
spoonful, each, of soda, nutmeg and cinna
mon. Compliments of Mrs. J. H. McC.
. Drop Jumbles.
• Ona pound of flour; one-half pound o*
butter: three-quarters of a pound of sugar:
four eggs; one-half pound of currants, well
washed an«l dredged: one- half teaspoonful of
soda dissolved In hot water; one-half lemon,
grated rind and Juice; ona teaspoonful of
cinnamon. __
Drop from a spoon upon well-butt»re4
paper, (lining a baking pan. Bake quickly.
Wafers.
(By Request)
Btz egg*: one pint of flonr; two ounce* of
melted butter; one and one-half cups ol
powdered sugar: one cup of milk; one tsa
syoonful of nutmeg.
Beat whites and yolks separately an<s very
•tiff, rub the sugar and butter together.
and work in. first the yolks, then the milk.
then the flour and whites. Bake in well
buttered wafer or waffle irons, very quickly.
browning as little as possible. Roll thenv
while . hot. upon a smooth, round stick, not
larger than your little finger, slipping it
out carefully when the cake takes the right
shape. \u25a0 ... \u25a0
These little cakes are an acceptable ad
dition to any tea or . supper table, aa4
look well among fancy cakes in a basket.
Hollo's Nut Cake.
Two cup» of sugar; one cup of butter;
three cups of flour; one cup or cold water;
four eggs; two teaspoonfuls of bakisg pow
der; two cupfuls kernels of hickory nuts or
white . walnuts, carefully picked out. and
added . last of all. Add toe . water a» you
would milk.
Bake in muffin tins.
Old-Fashioned Charlotte Russ*.
(By Request.)
One pint of cream, whipped light; one-halt
ounce of gelatine, dissolved In one gill of
hot milk; whites of two eggs, beaten to a
stiff froth; one small teacup of powdered
sugar: flavor with bitter almond and
vanilla. i
Mix the cream, eggs and sugar; flavor and
beat in the gelatine and milk last. It should
be quite cold before It Is added.
Line a mould with slices of sponge cake
or - with lady fingers, and fill with th«
mixture.
Set upon the Ice to cool.
Cranberry "Wine.
(By Request.)
Mash rip« berries to a pulp; put into a
stone jar. Add one quart of water to two
quarts of berries.
Stir well, and let It stand two tlays. strala
through, a double Kannel bag; mash a sec
ond supply of berries, equal in quantity to
the first., and cover with this liquid. Steeo
two days more; strain; add one pound of
sugar for three Quarts, of liquor, and boll
five minutes. Let it ferment- In lightly
covered jars: rack off and bottle "* a "»
Green Walnut Pickles.
The walnut 3 must be gathered whil«
young end green, and be- laid in «-on«
brins. \u25a0 Leave them in this for a week
thanking it every nth*r day T»fc» t SiS;
out dry them bttnm, two -' oths and ple?S
each with a tars* needle. Throw them Into
told water am! W"ave them several hours bo
for«» packing them in small »nrs and pouVim
over» them scaldin* hot seasoned V^JSSr
prrpaml In the following, proportions'^ "
. bour • quarts of vlnexar. on«s cunful nf
sugar.-. three «loz*n whole etovea. three down
b!ack, pvpyorX *ichto«n whole »IK-pl C c afid
twelve blade* ot.irjic boiloj to-Tthlr Co?
ttve minutes. • laVl ' lur
Ginger Ei3ciiit."
One cup of soar '\u25a0 cream, "three ' csr-s t™
cura of smear, one cup of batter or ariaDinV
one ; teaapoonful- of «o.la. - d!*a ,txrd In ona*
cup of coM water: one teaspoonful of cin
namon, ote tablespoonlul of (cinger. • a littl«
salt, ami eroush flour to roll ont wUnoYit
stickimc. -Cut into thin .biscuits. SoVea"
half . of - them thinly with soft butter and
lay the r*matning halves on toD Bak« t2
a moderately hot oven. . "Serving the Dinner in Proper Order
The Best and Most Attractive Way to Manage It
Eleanor B. Clapp
Copyright. 1905. by A. E. Barnes & Co.
WHEN a dinner is to begin with
raw oysters or clams, six of
these surrounding a piece of
cut lemon are usually served
on a bed of cracked ice on plates that
come especially for the purpose. The
plate containing this first course must
be set upon a large dinner plate and
placed at each cover Just after the meal
Is announced, but before the guests en
ter the dining room. When the oysters
axe finished, both plates, the oyeter
plate and the dinner plate that was un
derneath it, must be removed. The soup
tureen and a pile of warm soup plates
must then be put before the hostess,
who proceeds to ladle out the soup, the
waitress taking the plates from her as
they are filled and passing them to the
guests.
If wire is to be served at the dinner,
the host now fills the glass of the lady
at his right with sherry or claret or
\u25a0white wine, or whatever wine is to be
used, and then passes it to the gentle
man at her right. This gentleman re
peats the action of his host by helping
the lady at bis right and then filling his
own glass, and co the bottle circulates.
If champagne is used at dinner, it should
never be opened until the fish course.
After the soup plates have been removed
the waitress brings in the fish plates,
which must be warm, and sets them
with the platter of fish before the host,
who carves the fish with a silver fish
knife. The \u25a0waitress stands beside him,
ready to take each plate and pass it to
the guest. Very often, however, this
course Is eerved direct from the kitchen
Instead of being carved on the table, or
various little entrees of fish baked in
scallop shells or In tiny square indi
vidual dishes, each placed on a fish
plate, take its place.
Next to the fish comes the principal
roeat dish of the meal, the roast or
"Joir.t," as our English cousins call it.
The host carves the meat and the maid
passes it and then passes the vegetables
which accompany it, each guest helping
himself from the dish. It is In good
taste for the host to ask the guests to
take a second helping of the meat
course, but they are never asked to par
take twice of soup or fish.
Fashionable Dinner Hours.
After the meat comes the game— ln a
simple dinner this can be omitted with
perfect propriety— and after this th»
salad and then the dessert, which is al
ways helped Hy the hostess. After the
dessert has been removed. If there is to
be a course of fruit, the maid puts be
fore each person the finger bowls on the
fruit plates. The guests lift the bowl
and doilies from the plate and set them
In front of it while the waitress passes
the dish of frait. Last of all Is -served
the black coffee. Jf the hostess prefers,
however, this can Ikj served In the draw
ing room at the conclusion of the meal.
A very large and fashionable dinner
party, where the service is always a la
Ruese — that is, no carving is done on the
table— is given at half-past 7or *> o'clock,
but it is better taste to have a simpler
asd. lees formal affair, such as I have
IM* been describing, at the usual dinner
hour in all our large cities, at half-past
6 or 7 o'clock. A small dinner lasts
about an hour, while an elaborate func-
tion may take anywhere from an hour
and a half to two hours to serve. Guests
should arrive promptly at the time set
for the dinner or five minutes before it.
It is unpardonable to be late. But if
this should happen, it is not customary
to keep the dinner waiting for the tardy
person more than fifteen or twenty min
utes past the appointed hour.
When dinner is ready the maid should
come to the drawing room door and in a
low but distinct voice announoe that
"Dinner is served." The hostess then
leads the way into the dining room, and
the guests follow her, the host coming
last. At a formal dinner each gentle
man offers his arm to the !ady his host
ess has asked him to take out.
Some Shoe Trousseaux
VERT wonderful things. Indeed, are
the trousseaux of to-day. To get
married is not the simple matter
nowadays, in the way of clothes,
that it was In olden times. In many
cases— those where the young woman's
means are limited— it Is made far more
of an undertaking than is necessary.
But for those who can afford to spend
the money for these chestfuls of love
ly things, the preparation is a time
of absorbing interest Each department
of the trousseau is a wonder in itself.
The shoe trousseau, for instance, can
rangeVin money value all the way from
$10 to $200. The latter seems a fabulous
price to pay for one's footwear— that is,
all at once— but it is done, and more
still could be spent.
The $10 layout Is a modest affair, but
quite enough for many a happy little
bride. There are her white wedding
slippers, for which she pays $1.50; her
6treet boots, at $3; her dress boots, at $3,
and her house, or evening, slippers, at
$1.50.
There is a $25 trousseau, as follows:
Wedding slippers, $3.50; dress boots of
patent leather. $5; street boots of kid or
gun-metal calf (the late . style). $4:
two pairs of evening slippers, $S; bou
doir slippers, $1, and carriage boots, $5.
Thes« can be varied In a hundred
ways, till we come to the $200 trousseau.
This is luxuriant Indeed, and my lady
who wears all these boots has a pair for
every hour in the day. First, her wed
ding slippers, $S; patent leather street
boots, patent leather dress Soots,
causkin street boots, kidskln boots
for general wear, kidskin boots
for light wear, each $7 a pair ($35;; six
pairs of evening slippers, to match
various gowns, $26; six pairs of boudoir
bllppcrs of every degree of comfort, $24;
two pairs of carnage boots to go over
the uainty evening wear, $10; riding
boots. £tf>; high buckle overshoes (arc
tic*). $2; fix pairs of shoe trees. $6; three
pairs of rubocrs, about $2; six pairs of
fcpat* of various - shades, $9; hunting
boots, $7; skating shoes, $4; golf shoes.
$5; tennis shoes, £>, and six pairs of low
shoes (oxfords and pumps), $30. Of
<;ourse. this Includes wear for every sea
son of the year; but suppose the bride
is going abroad -for a wedding trip of
several months or a year, every pair of
shoes is packed away in the trunks
along with all the rest of the luxuriant
finery, to come to light again in Lon
don, Paris. Vienna and dozens of other
places. • ,
Practical Aid And Pictorial
Diversion for Women
WOMEN'S WAYS OF MAKING MONEY-- IN STORES
Cynthia West over Alden
Copyright. 1905. by A. S. Baxnea & Co.
IN THE aggregate, many thousands
of girls and women are employed in
, the department stores which are
features of the life of every Ameri
can city, and which, so far as I know,
have no counterparts in any other coun
try. These stores are much alike in the
different cities, those iri Boston or San
Francisco being run on much, the same
system as those In New York. The help,
masculine or feminine, is kept under tho
strictest discipline. It Las to be.
The first idea of the department store
is to furnish every thing . that any one
can ask for. The second is to. print ad
vertisements of bargains to draw
crowds and religiously- to give what is
promised. The third is to expose goods
freely before miscellaneous jj customers,
relying on the help to prevent stealing
or soiling of articles so exposed. It is
easy to see how any slovenliness in the
matter of discipline would involve great
and continued loss.
Hours on Duty.
The hours are long all through, the
year, and particularly so for a couple of
weeks at the holiday season, when the
demands of shoppers compel keeping
the places open in the evening. The
work involves standing the greater part
of the time, and it Is a severe strain on
the mind and temper; and yet, in spite
of everything, the vast majority of
these girls and women are cheerful,
even happy. They get their wages reg
ularly, only the least valuable ones are
"laid off" in the dull season, and after
store hours their time is their own.
It is the customary thing to put in the
hands of one man the entire control of
the help, the employing and discharg
ing of everybody. He is often assisted
by a trusted woman, who becomes a
sort of matron, looking after the well
being of the girls and "women, and also
keeping a check on them which it would
be impossible for a man to keep.
The floor- walkers, whose place is not
unlike that of a contractor's 'overseer,
or an overseer on a plantation, are men;
with the exception of departments
where women's garments are -fitted.
There a woman has to be employed as
floor-walker. If you ask why men are
used elsewhere, a department store own
er will tell you that It is because the
saleswomen themselves prefer it, and
work much better under male super
vision; that women cannot bear to be
TWO FOREST PLANTS IN THE HOME GARDEN C
OCCASIONALLY one hears of wild
flowers and trees being " trans
planted from their, homes In for
est and field to cultivated' gardens. And
It Is often successful. - However, the
many failures are caused by neglecting
to study the ' natural conditions under
which "the plant grows. 'If '\u25a0 these, can be
substituted, the plants will. grow, sturdy
and cheery ;\u25a0 for what knows better how
to take care of itself . than the, hardy
wild grower, used to battling for itself
from baby seed time to maturity? •/
Perhaps . there . are not two ...woodland
friends more familiar than the dogwood
and the mountain laurel.- But Hhey are
seldom seen "domesticated 1 " in*some
body's garden. Yet this has been-done.
and they have proved to be most grace
ful and beautiful additions to the garden,
be it small or great. ; Another-polnt—
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAIX.
THE RE DEAR-
under the direct control of other women.
I don't know how much there is in the
theory, but it is traditional, and suf
fices to keep a lot of good jobs for the
men."
Behind the counter you will note that
most' of the people are women. So
thoroughly developed is- the depart
ment store " system that the matter of
personal whim In appointments and pro
motions and discharges Is reduced to a
minimum. Nearly every woman there
has begun at the bottom round of the
ladder as a cash girl. She has. helped
but her parents' scanty wages with
$2.50 or $3.50 a week in that capacity."
She has learned to keep herself neat as
a new pin, to be quick, polite, and
careful,' to ; answer every call Instan
taneously. '< handle parcels, get the cor
rect change, and avoid "keeping cus
tomers waiting. - That is' a very Im
portant matter in the long run with
such a store. • .
As' most of its business -is cash,
change has to be made continuously,
and as any flaw in the system would
mean tremendoVs leakage, certain for
malities must be gone' through— which,
as' every woman shopper can testify,
are more or less . annoying to the one
who waits. The cash girl who can do
most to keep down this annoyance is
the best cash girl, and will be" booked
for promotion on the first opportunity.
Promotion Slow.
No, she will not get to be a sales
woman at once". .There Is a step in be
tween. She will be made a stock girl.
Her employer's property is thrown Into
disorder by every fresh effort to exhibit
it so as to make a sale. It has to be
folded and put back In order. This is
often a pretty burdensome Job, / es
pecially in the matter of ready-made
cults, dozens of which may be exhibited
to a single prospective purchaser. It
Is the responsibility of the stock girl to
do this and to do" it well. Besides, she
will have to run errands from the stock
room to the salesroom, or from the
workshop, to the salesroom, and make
herself generally useful.
VThtt' habit of orderliness will be tested
in. the stock girl's work. It wlll.be un
fortunate for her if the floor-walker dis
covers that she has put back a suit
creased in the folding or, with dust on it.
She has to be quick, too. for the general
appearance of the department must be
kept satisfactory at all times, and, le-
"very Important— these efforts in land
scape gardening need not cost a penny.
XThe mountain* laurel (Kalmla latifolla).
among the '\u25a0 most lovely of flowering
shrubs, Is.; very' hardy: 'It will "grow
a-lmost as well in swarapsas in drier
| locations, and prefers $ partly shaded
situations; but also thrives r weHlrrsunny
. places.". It is an optimist, to b<3 sure! 'It
makes a most .desirable shrub. JSome
tlmes, If the conditions are 'particularly
1 favorable," it will. attain" treelike propor
tions./ ';>'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0"-.'.-'.: ': -. -" : .^-'-i-- \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' •\u25a0•-.'
In the early spring it bears luxuriant
bloom; then all the summer and fall and
winter :its egg-shaped leaves, -always
, fresh and glossy, make charming foliage
effects. • True, bitl is "mountain" laurel ;
'. but "it grown 'in -.hilly- woodlands, and
even has been found hr lowlands, though
in the latter r never i growing beyond \u25a0 a
.' low -bush two feet' high.. Jt loves rocky;
partly shady hillsides: Then there is the
placing must be done as soon as the
effort to sell has ended favorably or
unfavorably. The stock girl gets from
$3.50 to $5 a week.
It is a great promotion when a stock
"girl becomes a saleswoman, or, as the
trade expression runs, a "salesperson."
Now she will have a chance to show
whether she is going to win a prize or
be kept in the lower ranks. She must
develop practical knowledge or psychol
ogy, whether she has ever heard the
word or not. * . ..
Qualities Needed.
No matter how carefully a buyer se
lects his. goods, or how good terms he
makes on the purchase, everything de
pends on the selling of them. The first
characteristic here is lucidity, • putting
everything so' clearly that thelcustomer
cannot help' understanding. Politeness
is important, too. '\u25a0 Shoppers must be
treated courteously, even when one feels
certain that they are merely looking at
things they ( are unable or unwilling to
purchase. ' \u25a0.".•' ,
The temper of a girl is brought out.
She must not be annoyed at anything.
She must take even petty insolence as
one of the incidents of the business/and
only pity the bad manners of the cus
tomer. She must be , quick to discover
any; personal whim of" the shopper, to
humor it. She must also have an eye
for colors, and avoid offering what the
complexion of the customer. makes Im
practicable. She must be able, : with
some accuracy, to guess at the , purse
limitations of a serious customer. But
her opportunity has come. If she dis
plays the right qualities, It will not be
long before regular patrons of the store
will begin to pay her the compliment
of waiting till she is at leisure Instead
of accepting '\u25a0, the services ' of some one
else. It "will be the. floor- walker's duty
to notethatifor the benefit of the man
ager. If" the latter Is good-natured, and
happens to -have -the \u25a0\u25a0time, "he will com
pliment the girl on such evidence of her
success. Generally he doesn't. ; The ex
ceptions are sunny days. ' -._ : ";
Responsibility for V fixed portion of
the stock is placed on* the "salesperson"
by the buyer, who expects to be notified
for. his own guidance : whether: a certain
article is "agobd seller" or not. .;" :.
The wages of the "salesperson" are
from 15 a .week to $15. But' in some in
stances, when '\u25a0she ; Is selling . silks', jew
elry, or suits, she gets more than $15.
sheep laurel (Kalmla angusttfolia). It
is a dwarf, with deep rose-colored; flow
ers. V« \u25a0.•-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.:.\u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0 .' / - . '-- :; :- : ,;,--•\u25a0
;There are many -dogwoods. A .com
mon variety Is the Cornus Florida, which
has the greenish white blossoms. It. is
a strong . grower • in ; most = any. soil, -and
hardy from the warmer parts of Canada
southward. "It loves'-the edge of a wood
or a partly: suriny spot; remember these
conditions,; and* -its^graceful boughs,
bearing, the .waxlike blossoms 'early in
theTsprlngi before' its leaves come out,
make a ;charmlng effect peeping from a
cluster of other trees. It is. a good idea
to place this ' dogwood near; the • dark
evergreens. In. the spring the .white
flowers appear: in striking relief against
dark ; foliage, •\u25a0 and i in : the ' fall the deep
crimson • or- the leaves ~ rivals * the bril
liancy of the scarlet" oak: :-:i~ •>,
Here is a', help to landscape gardening
that costs nothlngbut, a little trouble.
Cell's Weekly Cartoon on American Society
The Troubles of Babyhood Days
One of the Most Frequent is Constipation
Dr. Emelyn L. Coolidge
Copyrisht. 1905. by A. S. Barnes & Co.
y— SONSTIPATION is one of the
I -most frequent and -most trying
/ troubles to which many infants
(and children) are subject. It may be
caused by-many different things, such
as inheritance, malformation of the rec
tum or other parts, weakness of the in
testinal walls, errors in the food, etc.
The treatment depends on the cause,
and differs a good deal in a nursing or
a bottle-fed baby. If the mother is
nursing her baby and he is constipated,
she should at once look into her own
habits of life and see if the cause does
not lie there. She should take at the
very, least two hours* exercise in the
open air each day; be sure to secure a
movement of her own, bowels every day,
even if she has to take some mild lax
ative. She should drink plenty of pure,
rich milk, cocoa, oatmeal and cornmeal
gruels, water, and take some form of
malt tonic with her meals. . She. should
avoid tea and coffee. Fruit, most green
vegetables and some meat are excellent,
but she should, not eat very abundantly
of starchy foods. - >.
Not Enough Pood.
Sometimes a nursing baby will be con
stipated because he does not get enough
food to form a residue in his Intestines.
If this is the case, he will seldom gain in
weight. Try giving him one>or two
meals per day of modified milk made up
with oatmeal gruel as a substitute for
the same number of meals from the
breast.- \u25a0Be sure to give . him plenty of
pure water between his meals.
. A teaspoonful of cream in a little hot
water, . given Just before nursing, will
often help to make his bowels more reg
ular, or a teaspoohf ui or ; two of beef
juice may be given night and morning.
After the sixth month, a little " orange
or prune juice may also be tried.
A bottle-fed i baby who, is constipated
is'; often) easier, to treat. Add a little
more top milk or cream to each bottle
than tho formula-calls for ; use oatmeal
gruel when *makirig : up the food; if the
milk supply is of the best and purest, do
not pasteurize the food, and never use
lime, water.; but use bicarbonate of soda
Instead. Uine "water is often very con
stipating. Malted food may be added to
each bottle for a short time/
More Heroic Remedies.
When all of .these methods fall, then
other measures f will have to be taken.
Sometimes a very little stimulant -to the
rectum • is all that is •> needed." 'Hold the
baby, over a small chamber at* exactly
the same time' and. after a meal every
dayV and insert a small cone of oiled pa
per a* little way into the rectum, or use
a * small castile ; soap suppository. In a
few days after this treatment the bow
els ; will 'of ten ; form a - habt 'of moving
regularly by 5 Giuten sup
positories {will also prove 'of great ben
efit In some cases, but glycerlne'on'es are
too irritating for, frequent use. .
child should (riot be allowed to go
more than twenty- four hours without a
movement:'. An enema of .sweet' oil, one
or;, two " tablespoonfiils, may be given
with' a Vbulb" syringe, or ha!/ a tea-
spoonful of glycerine in an ounce of
warm water or half a pint of warm
soapsuds, but do not give an Injection
every day unless especially ordered by
a doctor.
Massage of the baby's abdomen will
oftsn help. Have your hand warm, be
gin at the right groin and with, your
fingers make a series of circular move
ments lightly at first, and then press-
Ing down deeper as the child grows used
to It; gradually work your way up to
the ribs, then across and down the left
side to the left groin. This should be
repeated twice daily for eight or ten
minutes at a time and always at th»
same time of day. but never directly
after a meal.
A mother may safely give a consti
pated baby from twenty drops to ft
teaspoon! ul of olive oil once or twic«
dally, but do not give castor oil for con
stipation, as after, its first actloa It
leaves the child more constipated than
ever.
There are numerous drugs and medi
cated suppositories that are used, but
they always should be ordered by a doc
tor for each separate case. Try any or
all of the remedies here suggested before
giving the child drugs that may cause
him to vomit or otherwise upset him.
Sometimes, when an \ treatment falls,
the trouble will right Itself as soon aa
the child -can run about and Is old
enough to take a more varied diet.
The Special Shoes
THE shoemaker's Ideas are keep
ing pace- with those of all th«
other manufacturers. The nub-
lie's comfort most be looked
after as well as "style and beauty";
and It well behooves them to do so, for
it Is money In their pocket The shoe
maker has prepared styles for all kinds
of Irregularities In people's feet, and
all the large retail houses have them In
their stock. Not every on© suffering
from enlarged Joints ("bunion" In com
mon parlance), so-called rheumatism.
etc., knows of these comforts. The shoe
specially made for enlarged Joints has a
depressed sole In which the Joint fits,
and Is specially cut so as to b© broad
across the yampi
Many people who think they are suf
fering from rheumatism In tho foot
could correctly attribute the trouble to
a broken or Injured Instep. The remedy
for this broken-down part of the foot
is a shoe with stiff braces of leather
built In the side around the arch of the
foot. In the sole, through the arch or
hollow, is laid a steel plate, riveted to
the sole; and covered, of course, by the
inner sole of the shoe.
Then there are shoes that are wider
here and narrower there, and higher' in
this place and lower in that— shoes, in
fact, to fit all kinds of Irregularities that
are not deformities. To the casual ob
server, these shoes are no different In
appearance from the regular shoe. Also,
they are made to follow as nearly as
possible the prevailing styles In . foot
wear. Many a one complains that "My
foot is very hard to fit," and goes about
worrying with a shoe from the stor*
kfeper's regular stock. -NAME PUZZLES
Winners
in the Puzzle
Contest of
October 15.
{-r^IIESE are the names of the
j lucky 1M prize-winners in the
j puzzle contest of October 15, which
j represented the names of ad
dresses:
Cclin Campbell, 2757 Bryant street, San
Francisco; Eliza I .ash. box 85. Sulsun;
Huth A. Stark, IC7 Thirteenth street. Oak
land; George Sivrt.cn, 22S West Park
street. Stockton; Grace Fortune. £18 Four
teenth street, Oakland; Irene Murray,
larkspur; Adele I^esser. 1163 Oak street,
Saa Francisco: Helen Salsbury. 1163 Oak
street, San Francisco; Adele Salsbury,
3iCJ Oak street, fiari Francisco; Butran
Towns. 813 Campbell street, Oakland;
John Warfcid, 2121 Bucna Vista avenue,
Aiameda; Douglas Fascoe, 272 Ninth
street. Oakland; M. McMahon, 1611 Alca
iraz avenuf, Berkeley; Kathryn . Towns.
.&•« Campbell street. Oakland: Wilber
t?labl. 1504 Franklin street. San Fran
cisco; Martha Caxr, UtiO Peralta avenue,
Oakland; N'eal McGettlgua. 2143 Post
etreet. San Francisco; Emma Eissler, 10
Sycamore street, Ban Francisco; I* E.
Oilsoa, ICI7 Alcatraz, South Berkeley;
Klsia Cuyler, 522» Calais street. South
Berkeley; Grace Bryant, 1G27 Eddy street.
San Francisco; Helen E. Martin, 1192
Stanyan street, San Francisco; Norma
Hoffman. 501 Post street, San Francisco;
Busle Smith. 3^5 Twenty-seventh street,
tian Francisco; Leonora Jess, 21SS Devis
jidero street, San Francisco; Viola May
benhelder, 92 I'eralta avenue, Saji Fran
cisco; Henry White, 92 Peralta avenue,
a&zi Francisco; Louise J. Arey, 4 Tay
street, Sim Francisco; Alma Arey, 4 Tay
street, San Francisco; F. T. Haines, 543
Stockton street, San Francisco; Mary
Swan, 2727 X street. Sacramento;
Gladys Bremen, 1050 San Antonio avenue,
Aiameda; Bennie Schartzer, Agnew; C.
H. Baktr. £4 Haight street, San Fran
cisco; Alice ilayberry, Antioche, Contra
Costa County; Viola Swanson, 2113 Ninth
street. West Berkeley; Leo Smith, 134
Eleventh street, San Francisco; Harry
| CSIS McAllister Btreet, San Fran
cisco; Cecfo Anderson, Martinez; Jepson
, \ Anderson, Martinez; Arthur Prosper,
Martincs; \a. de Bonls. J*3 East Four
teenth EtrecC East Oakland; Regruia
Fob, Ull Vallejo fctrett, San Francisco;
".Beatrice Pearson. 2732 Sacramento
street. San Francisco; -Irene Barker,
'. IS3S Fourth street. San Rafael; Charlie
fc'teelc. Marshn.ll; Erwln Gorhaln,
Tracy; Laddie Erwin. Tracy; Ruth Gee,
725 Lo:iisi,ina street, Vallejo; Harry
Smith, oo£> Twrnty-sevtntti street, San
Francisco; Mollie Smith. 124 Eleventh
' 6treet. San Francisco; Teddy Perkins.
224 Enst Seventeenth street. East
Oakland; Adele Brewster, Conley; Wil
• ber A. Green, Sl6 Virginia street,
Vallejo; Theodora Howe, box 259, San
l>iego; Inez Bittmann, 1800 McAllister
street, San Francisco; Floyd Inman,
113 Adanis street. East San Jose; Rosa
I^ewin, fcee Castro street, Oakland; Sel
ina Frazfer. 2731 X street. Sacra
. niento; Lena Johnson. Yalona; Mabel
Rlsher, Riverside, Santa Cruz; Albert
Careson. 2520 Seventh street, West
.Berkeley; M. R. Fontana. box 25, Ba
. tavia, Fol.ano County; Ada Johnson, 436
larraeut avenue, Vallejo; George
Wooq£. 22S East Church street. Stock
ton; Clinton Bryan, 1079 Fifty-third
•treet. Oakland; Eleonore Schraft, 224
Potrero avenue. San Francisco; .Elmer
Johnson, 407 Hayes street, San Francisco;
"Geraldlne Bauscb. 1417 Castro street, Oak
land; Ruth Urbais. 949 Hampshire
street. San Francisco; L. E. Hart,
Vracy; Katie Taylor, S4S Castro street,
; Oakland; Freda Konlg. 1274 Alcatraz
avenue. West Berkeley; May Taylpr,
SSS Castro street. Oakland; John Over
ion. 3611 Alc.itraz avenue, Berkeley;
Carlie Thompson, 187« Fifteenth
• Htroet. Sun Francisco; Helen Hobson.
• <i 0 South Fifth street. San Jose; Eu
gene Mortis. 7n South First street. San
•Jose; Emma Tubbs. 1224 York street,
Ban Francisco; Grace Llppencott, 1529
. F*4rvi<;\v street. South Berkeley; Fred
- Barnard, box 623. Vlsalia; Anna Lad
dish. 2115 Ninth street. West Berkeley;
Roland Laddlsh, 2115.Nlnth street. "\Veat
Berkeley; Minnie O'Donnell, 224 East
Washington street, Stockton; Martha
Huffaser. Allendale; Nellie Bond, Sausa
llto; Murelle Merkel. 2256 Mission
street, San Francisco; Leo ICJotz, R. F.
D. 1. Napa; Annie Klotz, R. F. D*
1. Napa; Dusky stall. 719 Capp street!
• fian Francisco; Willie Slone, SS2 Ban
croft way. West Berkeley; June Crow
ell, 320 Washington tstreet. Stockton;
R. O. West, Tracy; Edna Britt, 2109
Carlton ttroet. Berkeley; Win Chrls
• tenson. San Aneelmo. Marin County;
Nellie Farrell. Rosar. Marln County;
elvahe Ivah Fox. 16<-4 Franklin street. San
Francisco; CorOio Sander. 201 Potrero
avenue, San Francisco; Marguerite
Mack, box <J2o, Livcrn-.ore; Willie Duf
fy. Sn*i Quentin; Dorothy Pring. 3003
:.Fi!l.-Tsore street. San Francisco; May
Olar*. S2O Ellis street. San Francisco:
Ous Johnson. 1062 Hampshire street.
San Francisco; Gussie 605
. Halght street. San Francisco: Josle
Sajrehorr. fif-C . Castro street. . Oak
land: Charlie' Castro, 217 " —salon
.street. rtan Rafael; Ward Grant.
Mission street, San Rafael; D'Alton
•Johnson. 79 Washington street, Santa
Cruz; Aileen Volkera. 4 4S North Tenth
street, Saa Joeo; Jess Kilkenny. 383
Georgia street. Vallejo; Frank T. Co
burn. 2920 Deakln street. Berkeley;
Hazel Varain. 24S East Poplar street,
gtockton: Lloyd Crocker. 401 Clayton
street, San Francisco; Elsie Btlpp.
Uklah; Lilli«""Colvln, 617 Napa street.
-\*&Ue Jo; Frank B. Log&a, Eyr«M, Contra,
the -:San. Francisco; Sunday -call.
Th©S€ Who :GUsss: GU$ss thss^' pussTgs'Tcrbay.
', Well, my dear, boys and ff lris of Hie , pnrzle, pnee, liere are sonse puzzles to-day— sure enoush "oasy
puxxlex,". too— that oiifirht \u25a0 to "lilt y9u where you live." .: -. . . ; ' .
The pur.zle editor, experts to-l>e . sinotliereU, •Tramped, Inundated, snowed under rrlth nnsvrera to thla sot
of puzzles, for If there' Is n boy or B|rl. uatlve to' this happy land of sunshine, fruit uml fluirrrx , nho cant sco
the nnnncrs to these ntlcklus out HUe the: eyes -of n'crnb-tbe moiuent.be looks -nt them ; then
Then— — Oh t'words fall the puzzle editor. He'd shate to print his opinion of any aucb California boy
or clrl. - . \u0084 -.. •. .' .
For, bidden In the puzzle pictures to-day are the things seen nt a green' croccr's— the thine* that .stow
out here nil the year rouud and that our youus; native* ;»Tax";lnsty "and rosy on. '• --, -i f 
- "Green srrocer," . ybti mu«t remember, Ms :t: t lie Eastern name for (he mnn nhn rum the. fruit store," so that
In plnlu California talk -/the) things In. the puxzlea are the things Keen at a fruit score. .\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 -.: \u25a0
Another thine -you must remember when you're : biting the end of your • pencil • for the answers, Is that
this i<« a pretty bis State, and some tropical* fruits grow here' as well as tomatoes -of "different colors. I -
s Don't, spend 1 ; itoo' much time' biting; your pencil,, but set" your answers In early and— the puzzle editor was
just about to say "often,',' when r be remembered that this Is the pagre for, puzzles,' not ' politics. -
Here are i,some particular points to bear In mind. ALWAYS BE ABSOLUTELY CERTAIN THAT YOU
GITO YOUR ADDRESS COIIUECTLV nml LI2GIULY, for.ierrral dozen bookw have been returned because of ta«
correct /addresses. \u25a0So If your name was published, and -you did not, receive a book please write to th»
I'urzle Editor. \u25a0 \u0084 '-• \. \u0084 > : » i '-.'\u25a0'-\u25a0\u25a0' .'-!•;'..,'
REMEMBER THE RULES COXCERNI.VO PICTDRES. Don't lend In untoned proofs or stnmp photos,
unless they are very, plain. Those who > work hard but are so unlucky ns to Just miss may get their pictures
Ip as' a 'reward .for. trying. Pictures . never" appear at the same time as; the names. .
THERE ARE OXE.IIUXDRED AND. FIFTY ;PRlZES,nnd' this Iswhat you uiu»t do to" win one of themi
Solve the na nies : of things .seen In a fruit ; store represented above and wrßte them out In the space opposite
the proper* corresponding?, uiimber provided' for the purpose In the coupon on thlj page, ns per 'directions! fill In
the coupon with' your 'name* antl' address nnd- give \u25a0 the -prize 1 you desire— lf yon- wln^—nnd send the coupon to
ibe CEDITOR OI^THE NASIEPUZJBLE PAGE, Sunday JCnll, San; Francisco, Cal. . '
UEMEHBKR-To tbeFIRSXJOXEiHUXDRED^AJrDFIFTY, DOYS/AX D GIRLS who solve the six pnssJes
correctly, one of these ONE HUNDRED AND j FIFTY 'BEAUTIFUL PRIZES will be awarded. _.
;. And don't' forget 'this riexV point,' because" It Is very \ Important t ALL ANSWERS 31US.T REACH THIS:
OFFICE BY- FRIDAY' NOON. : ThU' gives all 'those _'ln the country an. equal chance to compete. \u25a0 Read . every*
thing ou "tkl* P"***' *°' %be - * ure "*^ •
THE NA3IES .OF "THE I LUCKY \raSfBBJ .WILLVbe PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY fALL TWO WEEKS
FROM TO-DAY; "November' lS i .'..;.-; :_: _ :-..';-> rl ;:.' ';..:^>-;;: *. ":'.:'\u25a0\u25a0'_::'\u25a0-,\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0 - \u25a0 \' **''\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 '
These are the. BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from, which you may choose If you solve all the puzzles correctly! -
"I'm and I,'/ by Cnrtiaj^Plutareh's'Llves"! 'irilgrlm's -Progress," by Bunyani "Lady of the Lake,? by Scott;
"Paradise . Lost," C by ; .Milton j " ''Luclle,'' ; t by -,• Meredith i .' ••Knickerbocker - H tstory,- of ;' New . York," by * Irving)
» *>ldle Tbbuisht s : of an , Idle' Fellow,*! by .- Jerome) "A Fine ; Story : for • Boys," . by * Horatio -'Ateer ; Jf.t •"Barrack Room
linilnda," by • Kipling; "Little Lnme ; Prince//' by ;. Sf nlock) "v - Slosses From an Old \u25a0 Slnnse,"^ Hawthorne) > «*Panl . and
by Danaj "Trennure Island," by Stevenson | "Elizabeth
and Her ; German ; Garden") '. Pocket j E ncycibpedla'' nrltannlca) * Webster's School \ Dictionary ) \u25a0 "Things '. Will ' Take
a Turn,'* by. Harradcnj "Rab aud : Hi» Friend/', by. Brown. . ; .' \ .. . .- , '\u25a0 r
Costa County; Lily White,; 824^Sacra
niehto street, " Vallejo ;'?,Violet Keofe,- 824
Sacramento ;• street, i Winfleld
Meld."' 534; Baker * street^ San ; Francisoo ;
Edna'.Dalenf^ 233;! EurekaT street, -V San
Francisco; ißeerina.Ryerson.'r 2133 = Union
street, \u25a0 SanV Francisco ;1 ; . Laura « Bailey,
Agnew; . Roy •> i Tbym,- ; 881 Taylpr .'aye-
nue, Aiameda;; Nellie .Walker,\lO3O East
Sixteenth '- streeVOak'lahd ; r Jack j Broud-;
das.*-, Asnew ; ;i Bey T Brouddas, -' Agnew :
MabelSVAndralnT^'Burllngamei; - "Frank
Thomas,' 21 1 8 \ Baker » street,^ San ' Fran
claoo; % Charles ; Rloharda, Selby.v Contra
Coeta? County;; Esther 'iWhlssen, -Tracy;
Louis r PraJo.- \u25a0.-*=\u25a0 728 1-" Cl*jrto» \u25a0\u25a0 itreet, * : 3aa
Francisco; .W."\C. . Brandhorst Jr., 38
Clara 'street, San- Francisco; ; Fred Egll
bert,>'7l3 "avenue," Redding;
Albert' Swan son/ 211 7: McKinley, a venue.
Berkeley; .Fred . ; «Gordon, .: 1702 Paclflc
avenue, Aiameda; Christina .Tal kin,
Salby ; ] Margaret Williams, 1024 1 Resent
avenue, Ajameda; MJWred Payot, 409
Solre the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. P.
To Pnxsle Editor, Sunday Can,
Saa Francisco i J
Below In their proper nnm-
beri* please find my solution ol
the name* of thing* seen at \u25a0
green gTocer's, which we call \u25a0
fruit store, represented la thla
week's pnsxlesi
1
a
, h-J ......r
- -« .....'..•
B ...... \u0084..^..1.... .« *...
T
8 ••••«'\u25a0••'* •«i;(rf.fn»»i(«M(rM
October «•» IMS.
3fame •••••• ».» • » >it>>oiix>a«
Street or P. 0'..^........^...^ 1
*
City >...«..
ftats
If I win I choose for priae
(See List of Prizes.)
Clayton street. San Francisco: Warren
Many. 1618 Twenty-fourth street. East
Oakland; Alma Fitch. 1654 Ashby ave
nue. South Berkeley; Anna 11 Bir,'ih.
«B« : Thirty-second street. Oakland; Au
gusta Leavitt, 800 Pacinc avenue. Ala
meda; _ Alice Hansbrow, .1533 Verfil
street. Aiameda; Gordon Rand. 1415
Clinton avenue. Aiameda; Robb Btqx^}
875 Church 'street. San Francisco; Ed^i
\u25a0Winchester. 553 Minna street. San Fran
cisco; -Mildred ,E. Goetze, 2414 A Sacra
mento street. San Francisco; Rita Bell.
ISO 6 Geary street. San Francisco; Brad
ford Milvln. 14C7 Tenth street. Oakland;
Willie Scully, 956 Willow street. Oak-The Sun Francisco Sunday Call.no_textno_textno_textPages 17 to 24
MADNESS OF AMERICANS IN PARIS
It U otlmated »hat there are 100.000 American* In Paris nearly all the year round. Between the Majority, -who
are touriat*, and the minority, who really participate in French life, in a strange mob that lives a strange life of
its own a* far removed from sane French life aa from line American life. ! The license of ; the so-called Laltin
quarter has queer effects on Its bobemlan residents who cease to be Americans without becomlnst French.
Strange Mob Inhabits the Latin Quarter
PLANKS OF. IXTEHEiiT Tl» THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES IN PARIS. I
WHERE IT IS SAID THERE ARE NEVER LESS THAN 100,000 AMERICANS.
RESIDENTS AND PASSING TRAVELERS • j
SpecUl Cable to The CalL •
PARIS, Oct. 28.— What becomes ,^of
Anierleans In Paris? Numbers disappear
annually, so as to cause the utmost
concern ; to their friends at home and
even to Frenchmen, who have the fair
fame of. their country at heart. *. Few
of the cases are brought up before the
police, for they do not result from
b&ttle or murder or sudden death. -The
disappearances are not physical, but
mental, altering people so that their
- best friends think themselves deceived
by a resemblance on meeting them by
accident. In the Paris streets after a
separation of a few . months.
> There are," of course, many, Americans
who are' not afflicted with eccentricity
simply because they -have . comet to
Paris. The tourists who "do" Paris in
three days and return home, knowing
enough about France to stagger the
natives In an argument are far from
being lunatics in any sense of the
• word. Also, the Americans who marry
Into French families of good standing,
or who have friends in this circle help
ing them to know the same class of
people that they would frequent "\u25a0 at
home, remain purely and .charmingly
American. The.Duchesse de la Roche
foucauld, who was M attie Mitchell of
Washington; the Comtesse Bohl : de
Castellane, who was Annie Gould; the
Comtesse de Chambrun, Senator Long
trorth's sister; the Comtesse de Con
stant-Biron, Embassador lxi'shmans
daughter. Martha; and many others
who could be named, have lost- nothing
of their ' American simplicity while ac
quiring the French grace of word and
manner, and are glad to entertain the
Americans who are or were .their real
friends, though they may sometimes be
criticized for- not welcoming all the
stray compatriots who may claim fic
titious acquaintanceship. But as the
tourist element represents the vast ma
jority of Americans coming each" year
to Parish so the element with French
ties of marriage or friendship forms
the infinite minority. Between the
two stand the legions, some poor and
some wealthy, some good' and some
bad, some. . artistically talented - and
some socially ambitious, seeking. study
or amusement, as the case may be, and
the greater part not -only, growing
•^inAmerican with startling' rapidity,
but developing traJts which leave se
rious doubts: as to their sanity. \u0084
\u25a0 AMERICAN POPULATION^
Tfceee Americans are divided Into two '
The San Francisco Call.
general sets, the social element, called
the American colony, living ' in .'the
Utoile Quarter, and most frequently
along the Champs-; Elysees, the- Pare
Monceau, the Avenue dußois de Bou
logne or the Avenue. de T Alma, and
then, the, artistic element,' living In the
fco^oalled Latin Quarter, on the left
side of' -the- Seine. \u25a0 The. two. sets,, mix
little/, and surrounding each are little
cliques which do not mix at all.
No .one has ever- succeeded in . esti
mating even approximately the num
ber; of Americans living in Paris.i Ac
cording t6. the directories there are not
much more than/5000. But old Ameri
can residents place - the figure ; much
higher, and . the : Rev. Dr. Morgan, rec
tor of the American Episcopal Church
of the Avenue de l'Alma, has | expressed
the opinion that there must' be Jiot far
from 100,000 Americans in Parish
Though the forms taken are some
what different, It ' Is in \u25a0 these .two sets,
the social colonyand the artists' quar
ter, that the extraordinary eccentrici
ties break out. The French can'scarce
ly-be held to blame for this, /first be
cause Americans out of one of-.the two
colonies remain perfectly sane,- and sec
ondly because few French people, and
none of any' consequence.. mix In these
colonies,' whose members -generally
learn not a word of French and -.leave
Paris after a. residence of many/years
without knowing any language other
than good American.
SEEING; THE SIGHTS.
But the traditions of the colony are
none the less handed down from gen
eration to generationof passing Amer
icans, who soon think it perfectly
natural to do things which would make
their righteous hair .stand on end If
ever mentioned. in America. It is hard
ly an- exaggeration to'say that one
cannot;- enter" the ; disgraceful Bullier
Ball, or the unmentionable Tour
d" Argent restaurant,' or the notorious
Jlaxlme's, without -meeting -/several
parties of nice American girls.' 'who
know perfectly, well '.where they, are,
but merely I consider ' that . they are I eee
ing th« sights of Paris. Gray-haired
old- ladies {are;. often • with them,' or at
alb events "their fathers.: and "brothers,"
the \u25a0 entire; family.; thinking that /quite
the proper Parisian thing Is beingdone
by going there, \whereas "any">elf-re-.
epectlng ' Frenchman I would ; think ? h[m
self everlastingly disgraced if his wife
or •\u25a0: his sister had ventured? tot.; such
places.
What happened not long ; ago to: a
young* American "called* Ben-', is. tho
SANj FRANCISCO, SUNDAY; /OCTOBER; } 29, 1905:
\u25a0 i '\u25a0 • '. — '. ] : •i • — \u25a0\u25a0- •"• '"*'
story, pf hundreds .of' youth's, who fancy
they are learning. to know '.a- foreign
country and widening, their
sional ability by. coming to -settle In
the -American ; students' "quarter/" in
/Paris, , which they, innocently; callffthe
Latin Quarter, although/ it is "quite "out
of .the precincts of, the- latter and is
denizen ed. solely by.,the foreignersihav
j. ing nothing to do with. F.rench student
: life. ... . ' . , '
" Ben . had exceptionally^ gifted _ parts
and. was^to study music at the Conser
.vatoire.. So his. father, his motlier, his
Bister) his brother and .three friends
came over lo see him settled. /' ..:
HE HAD I.EAKXED "LIKE."
' It -was , some two "months - before : I saw
Ben again. His '• family; had returned to
America; and he was walking/down the
Boulevard dv Mohtparnasse,- hatless and
sh6d .with" sandals, accompanying an Eng
lish *girl-artlst'lnv a decollete' dress with
a r string of shells round' her.^neck. . As
they walked;>they bombarded with. cream
cakes from a paper bag' another 4 c6uple in
scarcely less eccentric attire, " wwhso s from
their; parlance ; were | Americans,' and* who
walked ahead: •' Alarmed "for. Ben's : sanity,"
I went up, and asked after -his, health.
His reply was •to 'shy a cream . cake at my
left eye and tell^me: Paris was, the great
est place out,- and I- was. a* duffer/not' to
know how to -enjoy myself.' He' had : : not
yet acquired a/ single word of French; he
had not met a Frenchman except the ho
tel-keeper and' the l^ waiter -and the lady,
who sold- tobacco i. rouhd: the i corner; -but
he said -he had learned' all about: French
llfe./and ; hated the! French, - and • wa3
thankful he had- been % saved from.: their
influence by, having: Americans *_and Eng
lish people, rbarong and
Polish 'counts' to protect him. ;*:'•
: Several months^ later,' Ben 'drew on his
father \u25a0 for two hundred dollars ! above his
allowance,^ and 1 was/ compelled* to/confess
to still other debts; "and when '\u25a0 summoned
by." telegram, - he/ answered that ; he ; must
decline logo," because he could, not sacri
fice his - art- : * Father, 1 " ; mother, i \ sister, 1
brother and \ friends : finally | came i over : to
take '"possession- /of '^Ben 'and Ttake' him
homei'where^he.is now shaking* his 'head
over the; wickedness of Paris and -thank
ing heaven. that, he had; been able«to keep
straight there and "peg away at his music
without' being corrupted / by i? those/ infa
mous French. Although -he f had .'--- never
seen the Jhside of ! the Conservatoire ; ex
cept when he : went there /with/; his" fond
parents; to be presented *to "am 'lllustrious
professor,' \u25a0 Ben- Is - now making ; &i .fortune
from i pupils r and 'concerts ]in 'America; lon
the strength of/ this professors- name.-; V^'
VIENNA RAGPICKER LEAVES ,
\u25a0'•:' \u25a0-.'? FORTUNE 'TO ] TWELVE :/CATS
Feline Frlcncld '\Vhov Were \ U\* Only
.;. : Companions WIH 'Be Kept
->'./ In > Luxury. .. .:
-VIENNA,- "Octl'rf 28.>^Air;"- interesting
case : came before Hhe.' civil i tribunal" of
Zwptth;fLThe>matter f in; disputes was; the
will o£;a ; rctlred|ragplcker,':'who*,.died
leaving, his fortune,' put : at 4000 crowns,
to. his: twelve 'cats./ . - ,;
.; The" animals*^ were . his . only friends,"
and when 1 hc.wau found !dead ; they were
guardinK.-;his'bbdy .and ' at: first _they
would 'not permit^ any /one" to approach.
The', ragpicker's ''will; was "disputed* V by
his] relatives. '/but . it" was l ' pronounced
valid.l9HßlHF;'-' ?-'!•; .\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0•"\u25a0" .^S^E^f: /.-
.' v Tho; money." has been . turned over to
the public', .idniinistratbr,%whb"j'wlll :«ce
that* the cats otp kept'ln r luxury for the
rest 'of.' their 'lives.' * ,/
EARL'S SON
TAKES JOB
AS LACKEY
Is Controller of
WKitela#Reid-s
Household,;
Hon. William WalsMs
Not Embassador's.
' . Secretary."
Holds Position of -Upperi Ser
vant aud Ranks fiiglier
' Than the Butler. >i
Special Cable to The Call.
LOXDOX, Qot. 2S.— That, an English
newspaper should state thut Embas
sador Reid has appointed ajix English
man, the Hon.! William Walsh, .to -be
his private secretary is, not \u25a0surprising,
but I am amazed to find v ihat.the same
report has appeared in American news
papers. American 1 ' editors at ; least
should know that no American;Embas
bador would -ever: bestovv.Aan/appoint
ment- of so • confidential \u25a0 a character .'on
a foreigner.: It" would violate^ all dip
lomatic traditions. Mr. Reid is* the" last
man : in the world to commit; such/a
blunder. . His private secretary .'is "Mr.
Jay, a, descendant of the' John Jay
who played? so i eonspicuousi ai.jJart ; in"
the early tiistory of the, republic, -The
post filled 6y . Mr. Walsh- is .that /of
1 controller, of the' household, ,an office
; unknown/in democratic America, • but
which exists in many aristocratic fami
lies/? here and in, all royal .establish
ments from the King's down." real
ity the controller is a species of ; upper
servant, ranking several degrees higher,
than a chief butler, whose businesses
to see that' all: domestic matters; run
smoothly. ,> , « .. -\/ , -V: \u25a0
- Mr. -Reid Is the first American. Em
bassador to employ such; a '.function
ary//but \u0084nq/o ther ( ; , American i ; 'Emba3^
sador -to ,the court of., St. . James Inae
nrv^d^in 'so^much-stylfe 1^"
maintains? -As that" is. what' Amof leans
seem* to expect of their; representatives
abroad nowadays-^wheii they : pay fpr* It
outrofj their own pdekets-^Mr./:Rqld v is
to" be congratulated, on -his /success 'In
obtaining j the services of ; a son of 'a'
belted .Earl as his chleflackey. . The
Hon. Mr. Walsh is the third son r of. 'Lord
Ormathwaite.. Third sons, of \u25a0 peers /are
not usually well off. /The .lIon.Y-'Mr.
Walsh/is _,to "be commended \u25a0 for, doing
something to.earn/ a, living.;.; "Honor
and shame from rio jcondition jris^.V^lf
his, pay is ; not much, his duties : are": not
particularly'' onerous J and .if .'ambitious
he will^have, plenty: of ' spare/time "In
which -to look around for i a better ; job.
Meanwhile; he is. comfortably domiciled ,
at Dorchester 1 House, .the, marble paU
ace which Embassador. Reid has taken
as his London 'residence. ',< "
He is "engaged ,to' be married to •Xiady
Norah- Spencer-Churchill, the; youngest
sister of the Duke of Marlborough. She
Is a highly' cultivated woman; \ and,
though she ; can 'hardly .be called'youth
ful, isVgeverall years younger, than" her,
fiance. lier* mother, - whose constant
companion'she has beeni is a, daughter
ofithe first -Duke of. Abercorn. She., mar-,
ried v in/1869'the;:Marquls ,of . Blandford,
who afterward became, theeighth Duke
of %'Marlbproughi^He^turried^out;; as
everybody, knows, a thoroughly bad lot
and his .wife found i it necessary: to get
a divorce, r from him/ Doubtless; her
mother's sad experience has taught
Lady Norah ;thefoHy, of marrying; for
rank and position.-*- As far, as pedigree
counts for anything, however,;thei Hon.
Mr. .Walsh: is no bad -match' for ;her,/ for
he can .boast ducal; blood, .too, for his
maternal .grandfather was "the ; seventh
Duke of -Beaufort/. The marriage will
take place some time next month." They
will occupy "apartments at Dorchester
House. ' '\u0084 v*
MRS. BRADLEY I MARTIN \u25a0 /; ;>
-A/ ; MAY RENT CHBTBLBY
la Looking » for Country - Residence for
Son Who Married Mlwi Pbippa-' . /
'•- of: Pltt»bnrip;/ -; ...: ;
; LONDON, Oct.' 2S.— The Che veley. estate,
to which 1 * the \ widow} of -the late 'Captain
Harry;: McCalmont 7 succeeded - on ; his
death, Isi to be; let by private "treaty, ' and
within the last dayj or two particulars! of
itl have been '• submitted \u25a0"* to \u25a0\u25a0 Mr s. '- Bradley
Martin.? She is \u25a0 looking out^f or a" country
residence .for her. son,;who recently mar
ried f the "(ot }\u25a0 Henryj Phipps ,'of
Plttsburg/V^Chevelejo is a .lovely . place
nearX ; Newmarket, v £where \ Captain g McCalr
mbnt i frequently, entertained \ the Kingrand
other.' members fof,; the:; royal 'family,* dur
ing' the^ racing^ and \ shootlng, r seasonB-^-in
f act*. V nearly :' every t; man 'and -woman t of
any ' consequence ; in :; English; socletyl has
been {entertained j there ion • some f occason
or. another.'^rThe) shooting i is f~ second :;\u25a0 to
none f , in* England, , and as \u25a0 young i ßradley
Martin ;. and '\u25a0 "\u25a0 his » ' brother-in-law^ are > en
thusiasts ', ih\such] spbrti] it j is"; f cltjthat ; the
place; would: suit ithem-'admlrably?^ ' "
The 'i chief \u25a0 obstacle \ is -; that > at v, present
itlcan'only.beilet'forjanumber.'dfjyears;
and " Mrs . ;; Bradley i Martin "j would -? like ", to
buy ias place, clean 5 out.'-so'ti that; her^'soh
would ; have \u25a0-, a i permanent ."residence \u25a0 close
to\lx»ndon;^. The «stablinsi accommodation
is' 1 the ; finest; and r most [commodious; in the
country.: and* the \ generally
are ! such ' as 1 to ; appeal \to • the ; pockets! and
tastes' of ;: a r , milli9naire i f afnlly.^iThe s heir
to;tho estate! is? yet' in ;his minority, "andls
not competent, "therefore ri to dispose' of,' the
place^for; good: rAt; the -most/; it|cantdhly
be? let -for.- five \ years.;'- The i lawyers ".who
have^chareejof I the i heir's ' affairs.'-vho'w
eyer.'antlclpate 1 noYdifflculty ; iri?arranglrig
a; complete 'sale /onl; his - majority.^ - w -
Fleet of f Motor} Boats.
/ . PARIS," J'.Oct. 28.'— Henry Muriro ;/ has
sailed for,; ;New;r /York .Rafter, ; fifteen
months £ spent -in aut6mobillng/in^.Eu-;
rope//'Mr.?MunroMias\become' l an : enthu^'
Blast
a small fleet ' of 'them Yon' the "'Hudson
when'he-returris.- \u25a0;;•?":, - /:. \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0=•\u25a0;\u25a0 ?- :
RICH PENSIONS AND RARE PICKINGS
FOR THE ARISTOCRACY AND ROYALTY
Special Cable to The Call.
;;.LOXDON/ Oct. '_'S.— By the time these
lines, appear .in print the centenary ; of
Nelson's death and the battle of Tra
tulgar will have been celebrated in this
country.; '. Many.' complaints are being
'made regarding the inadequacy . of the
toinmemOration . / doings.' . 'tJuiV apart
from the . fact. that' the entente eoruiale
with. France: imposed a restraint upon
a too exuberant dlsplay.-of patriotism
on thc;occasion,/ some excuse for the
'splr/t."~~pf 7<;conoiny snown In' mb 'matter
muy>b'e fo'und -/in. the -fact "that; British
taxpayers' arfciiitillv/paying V for 'that
great/ naval '\u25a0 victory.': and (are /likely -• to
continue doing; so »f6r/many long. years
to "come./. B'_sides./' creating Lord Nel
son's/; brother, the /clergyman, -a peer
and purchasing/a $500,000 / estate for
him \ a "grateful country
conferred, a ">"pe rpotual pension •. of -. $25,
000 ;a/ year; on the earldom. For deeds
wrought by. his 'great-uncle 100 years
ago" thepresent Earl, an old man'of •!>'-•,
who,'! has never "been conspicuous, for
anything^but stralght-laced .'piety, " has
drawn from - tHe national \u25a0 treasury $1,
750,000.' : He-- possesses •an . estate of
rnoreUhan. 7ooo acres and : a rent roll 'of
nearly $30, 000 a year. . ;/ .-,' . :
;\ .The Nelson pension .was .the last per
petual ever -granted ,'in : -Eng
land ; and 'the country, will - never'; stand -
for another. The* Duke .of Wellington/a
pension ;df $20.000 * a year, \u25a0 voted .ten
years later, .was restricted .to - three
lives. v -v / \u25a0 ;'.';\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0%; . ,'.- ;''::.-, •.\u25a0--'/
- » DUKE 'OF MARYBOROUGH. .' •*\u25a0
"V For,'his/military : victories : the; Duke
of --Marlborough -was- igraiited : a/ : per-"
'petual - . pension of i-j $20,000/ "f The • tax^;
payers built him? a r grand 'palace and
purchased, an restate. -for 'him^ at;a cost
of over $1,240,000,' iii /addition/ to which
he "drew emoluments '^of /$31 > 0,060 ;a' year.
The; family, has been- vpai^d»over,ss,ooo,
000'for battles -gained. by* their/ancestor
more Hhan ': 20 % 0 i years '-ago. ;' The pefpetf \u25a0
uanpehsioh r was commuted In *lS94 'for
$535,000/" Reinvested r >|n ; land ' that
wo"uld:ha\^ brought Unlmor e. than : s2o,^
.OOOra year. /.The last/Duke Svas allce'n-/
tious;; reprobate •) and \u25a0 'despite 'his . big
"and pension • "- money /.'\u25a0'died '/-so
heavily ;lh debt that^thepresent^Duke
ihad^to* marry j,a A; yariderbllt' ; .'.that v*he
might', maintain v his ' I rank \u25a0in * fitting
style./: ' \u25a0' :-\u25a0 .- " : ' \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0;'-'\u25a0\u25a0': /_/" " 'g
For naval victories , he won a : pension
of Sw.OOOfa year was granted; in: 1782
to ILord Rodney, and v his • heirs , f orev'er i:
The t family /has/ already drawn b over.
$1,200,000. The \u25a0 . present - 1 Lord •; : has % 6000
"acres ot land <*wjth ; a rental -of .',535,000.'
; : ; Viscount * ; Exmouth Vwas "^.'granted ? a
perpetual pension"; of $10,000 a N year/ in
1816 • for bombarding Algiers. "It /didn't
rank/as a j great, victory, butf up to, date ,
the^ family: have been/ paid/for^itT sB7o,-
OOO^and itlieir ; estate - them/ ih"an ;
additonarsl3^ooo;yearly./ o :;." //;V; V
Y^' Viscount :',.\u25a0.;' Conibermere,' /Viscount;
bough, .Viscount ' Hardinge', .Lord Keene
and: Lord Seaton are. the lucky, descend-,
ants « of smilitary,rcommandeVs- to^ whom
pensions of JlO.OOO a year/were granted
for .% three f lives. /The v pensions ';, cease
withlthem, but they^have already. cost
the?, nation ;s3,'44s,ooo.v'' Most of- these;
recipients ? of irewards»/'i rewards »/ ' for . -\ ancestral
valor: possess -estates/that .apart/ from
their|jpensions J c would /enable : them"; to
live, in-luxuryjwithout: work. . /,
' v: ' fLORD ;R AGLAX'S rKJiSIOS.
\u25a0•:\u25a0 Lord ? Raglan > in 1855irecelve'd- a, pcn T
slon: of | $10,000". a. year: for. self • and suc-^
cessor) tor. services -in ; the • Crimean .war.
The - present ; tord ; is i the.-last; holder^of
the^' title '. to /•receive <the^ pension,*, which
thus ?far foots :up V- $500,000, /and "like
L'.Caarleyrs ; Aunt,'' ; is stiir runniiVg.'i Lord
Ra"glan;also7ehjoys;a"snug, sinecurelas
Governor/ 7 of X the^lsle'^of ; Man, /which
bringsfhlmUn* $9,400^ a^ycar.M- In .strik
ing h contrast? to^ the i generosity : shown
the 'descendants 1 of {heroic"- titled ranees^
.tors 5 Is}, the treatment V meted /{out : ,. : to'
those/w ho ' fought^ and- bled f for^ their
Jcouritry/in' ' the j ranks./ "John 'Burns,'; a
survlvorlofjthe SlxlHuridred, 1 '
over fBoiyears ! of! age/and, stiirsufterlng,
fr6nva\bullet s wound ? in* the. kneel which
;he' hadj received* in] thc'jCrihiea^ recently
w~as|'sentehced^tq;ithfee ''months' Im
prisonment t for/the/ heinous /off ense "of
begglng^hen 'too^bldJto^work.V,?:// jj ;
?-*\u25a0? But .vtheVcountry.^wiir;; cori-^
ten f. ltself iwith'gehefous/caah, payments
to 1 ? its v gf eat , jt heroes,^, leaving 'their rde-Bcendants]toTshifrde
8cendants]toTshif ti forJ themselves/* Lord
Rober.tsi received ;ssoo,oooiforT finishing
'thehjLwarCi in^ South^'Af rica ;: and
.Kitcheh"c"rTw"asjpaid 15250,000t and i glyeri
a|pcerageffor". again 'finishing thVsame
TWO-MEMBRRS OF THE. VAST ARMY OF PENSIONERS TO PROVIDE INCOME 3
FOR -WHOM THE BRITISH TAXPAYER IS STAGGERING ALONG CNDEJI A
BUKDEN. WHICH NEVER GROWS ANY LIGHTER. MW|Bg
war. No provision was made for their
heirs. ;\u25a0'\u25a0: > - '
Cit-at as have been-. the rewards : of
ancestral- valor - they appear small com
pared- with » the "extent to' which the
"natipnal. cow"|. has- been milked -.-by
descendants. -of., Illegitimate ' royal ' off
sprihgiwiio" are now numbered among
the shining," lights "of the British aris
tocracy.^ ' The present • Duke fof Rich
mond -is-a'desbendant'of an' lllegitimate
child, of :\u25a0 Charles ill. .tA; perpetual, pen
sion of /about'; $95,000. -perj annum , was
granted j to; h*s, family » in 1676. V, Between
1801. andi'lS23, i $2,004,170 was paid to
commute thi3^lnfam6us ; >pension. This
was | exchanged , f or,^ $3,165,000 .worth of
Go.vernment-.stpck.,v:The stock was sold
and the proceeds -invested ,In 286,409
acres of land, /which.. brings ;. a rental
"of .; $400,000 .a yeaf:^ ..The /family drove
a: magnificent ;bargain:.wlth\ the nation.
Altogethery:;*the/;desceridantsj of this
•illicit- royal .offspring: -have received
over,; $20,000,000; from, British" taxpayers.
':'/\u25a0 •'% THE' GHAFTOX - FORTUSB.
The Duke of . Graf ton is /.another
nobleman '.who .'owes his " immense for
tuhe,and.exalted*rank to the fact* that
he Is the descendant of one of i Charles
il's' mistresses.': A perpetual pension,- of
$91,750 was* bestowed on' the family/in
1673: "After" it- had been drawn regular
ly:for 150 : years a process of commuta-
Uori was /begun, extending over fifty
years, by which the i pension was ulti
mately-.bought in i for $2,100,000." As a
consequence;, of -:. that ' transaction the
Duke * now/ owns acres *of land
ahdj/enjoys ;" an; Income ,o*f \u25a0 $195,000 -.a
year. In his younger days he was fond
of-: pfeachln g^i thrift / to \u0084 the ~J working
classes. '" His • '* . two predecessors • drew
over) $4.000,000 , of • national money, < and
during, the"; last* century relatives
of /the v: favored " family, obtained over
$5;000,000 from, pensions and public_*ser
.vice* pickings. '..;.,;'<•* :.-;;.. ..;
iC Ahother, descendant of an illegitimate
child >' of :the "merry;'" monarch is the
present jDuke, of ;St.tAlbans. /The^fam-;
. lly,' hayeTdra'wn a » pehsionjof ; $14,000 \u25a0 a
year.;sincefl6S4.;. : The Duke's ancestor
was • created Master/of u the
Royal JHawks.--" There /are j rio . hawks
and • no". dutles^tbiitThe,, draws -the }pen
sion f allV theisame .^and^'from '. \u25a0 other
sources he *derlves_an- Income; of -$50,000
a year./ ' From .the"! public } crib ", the " Earl
of Amhefst vahd/hls- predecessors * have
received y, $l,660,0o0;\- vthe '. descendants :' of
the^Eafr of ; Bath r '52,210,000.T. and the
noble > Kintoul \u25a0'; family V have cost "; the
nation $920,000/ which ; they did nothing
to -earn., -1 In- the \u25a0 form -o( -hereditary
pickings" . twenty/. aristocratic^ fa mllles
alone fc haver! drawn */up">to • the; present
time c over.-' $85,000,000 ,. from " the public
exchequer. ,
- '\u25a0"'.•''.\u25a0 EXPENSE OF. ROYALTY
" Royalty costs a great "deal more than
is generally; known. 1 * During-^ tho sixty
two years" of her reign Queen Victoria
received the 'enormous sum of $133,710,"'
000."'}._ She iwas -not] expected to ; provide
for/ her/ family out/of her salary"as
"other \u25a0; people ?; have? to j do?- • For,conde\
spending; to! come/over from "[Germany
and ? marfyiher,^the| .Prince 'Consort ;re-j'
ceivedTsl3o,ooo .per annum.. The Prince
of Wales/tbeforoj'comlng to; the \ throne,
drew/;/; $26,670.000 "5. f from V ' the : treasury.'
vWheriithe iQucc'n's 'eldest daughter;mar
ried .^in^lSSS -the Crown/ Prince of Ger
inany.'>'who belonged *to'» one 'of the
weklthiest ;, families i ln 'Europe/ a ' kind.
Pages 17 to 24
British Peers Reap
Rewards Ances
tors Won.
Victoria's Relatives c
Enjoy Bief In-
comes.
generous Government settled an an
nuity of $40,000 on her. Up to her
death In IDOI there was sent over, to
Germany for b«r $1,945,000 and she left
a fortune amounting to $2,700,000. The
late Princess Alice received $540.000.
The Duke of Edinburgh, the Queen's
second son, received $2,530,000. His
wife brought him $1,950,000 and an in
come of over $55,000 a year. Hesuc
ceeded to the Dukedom of Saxe-Coburg
in 1894. which carried with it a salary
of $150,000 a 'year.' but the British Gov
ernment still continued his annuity of
$50,000 a ;year. and when he died in
1900 settled a pension t>f $30,000 a year
on his rich widow. The Duke of Con
naught, the Queen's third son, ge*3
$125,000 besides his army pay.
'MORE EXPENSIVE RELATIVES.
Princess Christian, the late Queen's
third daughter, receives an annuity of
$30,000 a year from the public treasury
and has already drawn $1,290,000. The
fourth daughter, Princess Louise,. who
married the Duke of Argyll, one of the
wealthiest of Scotch peers, receives a
similar , annuity and has been paid up
to date 51,010,000. The Queen's young
est son, the Duke of Albany, who died
in 18S4, had. received up to that time
$800,000./., His widow was granted $30,-«
000 a, year for life and she has already
drawn; s6oo,ooo. Princess Beatrice, the
youngest daughter of the Queen, who
married Prince Henry of Battenbergr,
gets a" similar annuity and thus far it
has netted her $720,000. In respect of
large families the English royal house
sets . a commendable example, but \u25a0 the
nation has had to pay a bis price for
it.. President Roosevelt's numerous
progeny would hardly be so much ad
mired If the taxpayers had to shell out
$30,000 a year to each of them when
they grew up.
The King gets $2,830,000 a year. The
Prince and Princess of .Wales between
them are officially credited with a beg
garly $150,000 a year, but they really
get much more than that.
GREAT PEXSXOX GRABBERS.
Queen Victoria's relatives were great
pension grabbers. Prince Leopold of
Saxe-Coburg. King of . the Belgians,
who had the good fortune' to marry
her aunt, drew . $5,835,000 from the tax
payers of this country before he died
in 1885. The Duke of Cumberland.
King «'of Hanover, t an" uncle of the
Queen, received in annuities $5,330,000
before death claimed him. Queen Ade
laide, the widow of William IV, the late
Queen's aunt, received $6,000,000 in an
nuities. She died in 1849. Queen Vic
toria's • mother, the Duchess of Kent,
who died in 1861. received $4,483,000.
The Duke of Suslex, an uncle who died
in 1843. received $3,770,000. Another
uncle/ the Duke of Cambridge, who died
in ISSO. obtained $6,680,000. Princess
Augusta.' an aunt, who died in 1840. took
$1,980,000 from the public' • treasury.
Another aunt. Princess Elizabeth, who
died in the same year, received $2,075.
000. The ' Duchess ' of Gloucester.- also
an aunt, drew $3,275,000. Two Prin
cess * Sophias, both = fortunate enough to
be able to claim aslmllar relationship,
drew between them s 35.940,000. The
Duke ! of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, one of
herfcouslns, who died in 1860, received
$551,280. Between them these twelve
relatives of the late Queen drew from
the^ British taxpayers in hard cash the
enormous sum of ; $44,924,280. for the
most part . for. merely condescending to
keeptalive. kill time and enjoy their
incomes.' : But .that golden age \. for
royal! relatives' will" never come again.
The' growing democratic sentiment of
the country will not permit it.
Girl" Twins 'End Lives.
PARIS. Oct. 28.— The twin daughters,
Josephine and Antoinette 'Berdoulet. of
the former Mayor: of Montgalllard.
loved each other, tenderly. Recent
troubles In the family had . filled them
with "despair, and one of the girls,' not
being able to secure the consent t of her
parents' /to the marriage of her * sister,
proposed 'to the latter that they should
die 'together. ;. Inventing an excuse,
they- left home,' and/ undressing on " tha
bank . of the, Alaric. "; threw themselves
Into" the stream. The current: separated
them and they .were -..drowned.*.: their
bodies ' being recovered a few: how*
later. : « i - \u25bc18
Echoes from the Lodge Room
During the first week in October Su
preme Arch James F. Martlnoni, the
highest officer in tv.e United Stales, left
this city on a tour of official "visits'in
Oregon, Washington and' British Co
lumbia. The day of his arrival i:i Port
land, Or., he was received by "a com
mittee of Druids, who eseort«?ti hi;n
over the city and took him over the
fair grounds, but before visiting any
of the groves in that territory he went
to Tacoma, where he officially visited
*"X. P. C." Grove and Schiller Grove in
joint session. There was a large at
tendance and the visiting official, to
gether with Dr. de Bruyne, supreme
deputy arch, witnessed the initiatory
•work, conducted fn the German lan
gua.ee. The work was followed by a
banquet in honor of the visitors. Dur
ing his stay in that city the supreme
arch organized a grove to work in the
Italian language. This will be insti
tuted shortly.
The two officers named then went to
Seattle, where the supreme arch se
cured forty names to a petition for a
crove to -work in the Italian language.
This will be instituted by Dr. de Bruyne
on November 8, and those who have al
ready signed will have, they say, 200
members by the close of the year. He
also obtained twenty signatures to a
petition for a charter for a grove, to
work in English.
The supreme arch then visited Vic
toria, B. C. and subsequently Lady
emith, where he attended a. session of
Wellii>g"ton Grove, which is in the main
composed of Scotchmen and Welshmen.
This grove* has in its membership two
past grand arches of the jurisdiction
and the present grand treasurer. The
meeting was attended by a large num
ber of members of the order and at the
close of business there was a banquet
at the English Hotel, at which William
Brown, P. X. G. A., presided as-toast
master. Dr. Watson responded to the
toast of King: Edward and Supreme Arch
Martinoni to the toast to President
Roosevelt.
After the official business in that
place he visited the Druids at Nanaimo
and was to have visited Cumberland,
but was unable to* make connection by
Fteamer, but he will pay a visit there
at a future time. He returned to
Seattle and then went to Tacoma,
where the preliminary steps were taken
tor the Institution of a GrandL/Grove.
Further action along this line was
postponed in order to give the Druids
of Oregon an opportunity to become
part of this Grtnd Grove. The next
place visited was R^vensdale,- after
ivhich Roslyn was Visited. The ' su
preme .arch returned to Portland, -where
he attended an open meeting- that .was
composed of many of the citizens. At
the close -of the meeting there was a
pension of Driuds, mor« than 150 being
present, when a class of eleven -was
Initiated in the Italian language. A
grrand banquet followed the work.- :
Boadicea Circle had an open meeting
in the Shiels building on the third Sat
urday In October, at which there was
a large attendance of members and
strangers. There was a, pleasing pro
gramme of entertainment and dancing.
On -the. fourth Sunday of the current
month th<»re was a. meeting in the Sut T '
ter Mrept- temple of the district deputy
nobl* grand arches of. this city and a
Tiumt>*>r of those of Alameda- county,
for the purpose of listening toian ad
dress on matters relating: to th» in
fttallailon- and ritualistic work given
by Noble Grand Arch William G. ,. An
tonovich. It was in. the. nature, of a
Fohool of Instruction and a - number of
duestions were asked and -answered.
The noble KTand arch asked the depu
ties to lend their influence to^lncreas-
Injr the" members^Jp" of the; order, by
2000 during the present administration."
The following .named, -accompanied
Grand Arch Druidess Virginia Cervalli
on her official visit to Marln Circle re
cently. Past Arch Druidess OlgaHeJ
den. Grand Secretary Anna Thornh lll,'
Grand Second Bard Sweetzer, Grand In
*ide Guardian Lacaze and Past. Arch
Druidesses - Godeau and Koenlg. This
circle, which is but flr« months old and
has a membership of twenty-five, re
cently secured handsome' regalia, which
was worn for the first time on the oc
casion of the official visit, and it al
ready has $100 in bunk. The grand of
ficers and other visitors were. cordially
welcomed by Arch Druidess Tanloran.
After the business of the evening all
the grand officers had something to. say
for the good of the circle, compliment
ing: the officers and members on the
progress that had been made.
Subsequently the grand arch Druid
ess. accompanied by the grand secre
tary. Grand First Bard Bamman and
the grand inside guard, paid an official
visit to Petaluma Circle. Three stran
gers were Initiated by Past Arch Dru
idess Husler," being most creditably as
sisted by the drill team. 'Its work was
loodiy applauded, and deservedly so.
Arch Druidess Brunner presided. All
the grand officers addressed the meet
ing, after which a sumptuous banquet
was served.
Native Daughters.
The local parlors %>f ' the Native
Daughters of the Golden West are busy
preparing for the official visit of the
grand president, Ariana W. Stirling, to
each during the month of November.
The grand president- is. extremely
pleased at the very cordial and fra
ternal manner In which sue has been
received at every place she has already
visited offlclally. It is her hope tnat
she may, at the end of her term, be
able to say that of every parlor in the
jurisdiction.
'The grand president, on her visits in
the interior, has induced many of the
parlors to start a circulating library in
the locality in which such parlor is lo
cated. \u25a0
A number of tire parlors have inaug
urated whist tournaments for the win
ter months.
The majority of the parlors have
contributed generously to the fund for
the purpose of erecting a monument to
the memory of the late. Tina L. Kane,
wh« was the first grand president of
the order. " : ,'*./. , -
The resolutions prepared by the com
mittee of the Gr.and Parlor in memory
of the late Past Grand Presidents Tina
L. Kane and Belle W. Conrad are beau
tiful, not only. in sentiment but in the
engrossment, the latter the work of
Dolly Hyams, a member of Gabrielle
'Parlor. A copy of these is for, the fam
ily of each deceased and one for the
parlor of which each deceased ; was a
member. . ,
Grand Secretary Laura J. Frakes was
trie guest of La \u25a0 Paloma. PaTlor last
Wednesday. It - is, an acknowledged
fact that a visit bythe grand, secretary
to a disheartened parlor gives more en
couragement than anything " that is
known In the order, and that she can
advance "more than- one practical idea
for the purpose of increasing -the de
pleted .treasury of a parlor than any
other member of the association.
* The 'following named parlors have re
ported to the grand secretary as : having
observed "Flag day" In accordance with
the laws of the order:'. Marguerite Parlor,
Plaeerville: Dardanelle Parlor, Sonora;
Princess Parlor, Angels; ' Orinda , Parlor,
San '<\u25a0 Francisco; Joaquin Parlor..Stock
ton; Calaveras Parlor, San .Francisco;
Santa Cruz Parlor, Santa -Cruz; : Junipero
Parlor. Monterey: Eltapome -; Parlor,
Weaverville; - Amapola Parlor/, Butter
Creek; Ventura Parlor, Ventura; RfJch
llng Parlor/ Fortuna; Keith" Parlor, San
Frandsco; Forrest Parlor', ,' Plymouth: ? La
Bandea Parlor. Sacramento; Califla, Par
lor Sacramento; Clear Lake, Parlor, Mid
dletown: Golden State Parlor, San Fran
cisco;. Yosemite. Parlor, /San. Francisco;
Monte Robles " Parlor, San Mateo; 'i Oak
dale • Parlor, \u0084 Oakdale; Etna /.Crock
ett Parlor, - Crockett;. ' Osa .Parlor.
Tuolumne; El Carhlno Parlor, -. . Palo
Alto; Relna del , Mj.r Parlor, San
ta Barbara; BuenaVista Parlor, San
Francisco; • Fern';- Parlor,: Folsom; . Golden
Era Parlor/ Columbia: , Veritas: Parlor.
Merced :• La .V*spercT Parlor, San ; Fancls
co;.San Luisita Parlor," San Luis'Oblspo.
.Princess Parlor of Angels had as special
guests on Flag day many of the Pioneers
of the county and entertained them \ at a
banquet after the programme. '"\u25a0">" i? f 'x
': '\u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0 •""\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0':".' V-:V '- : "'. \u25a0\u25a0'•\u25a0-«\u25a0-:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 •\u25a0-.- '.""I \u25a0.•\u25a0•-\u25a0\u25a0 ;-\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0•:\u25a0\u25a0; ;\u25a0\u25ba\u25a0 \u0084\u25a0;,.\u25a0..-..:\u25a0\u25a0.--\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0. . '\u0084 .;.:\u25a0<:.^."'. i .":.\u25a0. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0 .
THE SAN FRANCISCO.. CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER. 29," 1905.
In Orinda Parlor Mrs. Foley was
awarded a. handsome cup and. saucer for
having presented the bent fifty-word es
say on the flag.
Grand President Stirling will officially
visit parlors- in San--. Francisco -;on. ; the
dates given. during November: :-.lst. Gold
en State Parlor; 3d, La» Tarrosas; \u25a0•
Oro Fino; 6th; Keith; 7th, Calaveras; 9th,
Orinda; 13th Las Loman; 14th. La Ves
pero; 16th,-Buena Vista; 18th, Alta;;2oth,
Fremont; 27th, Sans Soucl. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0" She . will
officially visit parlors outside of the city
during the same month as follows: , No
vember 2, Piedmont' Parlor, Oakland: Bth.
Aloha, Oakland: 10th, Clear Lake, Middle
town: 11th. Calistoga Parlor, Calistoga;
21st, Bonlta. Redwood City: 23d, Monte
Robles, San Matco: 28tn. Eschol, Napa.
With the last named visit will close the
official visits for the year. A
Sans Souci Parlor on the evening of the
second Monday in October celebrated flag
day and had as guests the members of
; San Francisco Parlor of the Native Sons.
There was a programme of appropriate
numbers, the features being- a recitation
by Gertie J. Perry, the delivery of the
flag charge of the N. D.. G. W. by Grace
Magner and .the singing of the "Star
Spangled Banner" by Sadie Oppenheimer.
After the. programme there was served
a toothsome collation and followed
dancing until midnight. The, members of
the Native Sons' Parlor passed a, vote of
thanks to the host ; parlor for the very
agreeable manner in which it - had enter
tained them.' V . \u25a0 "
On the evening of th's third Thursday
in October the membeis of.Las : Lomas
Parlor, N. D. G. W., paid a surprise visit to
Hesperian Parlor In its 'hall at .Valencia
and Sixteenth streets. Each of the girls
of 'the parlor brought something delicious
for the purpose of making up a collation
and that part of the "programme: was
successfully carried oiit; ' The.-' visitors
were graciously "received and; after .V the
surprise was over there was a social hour
which included an Impromptu programme
of music and songs, an well as. special
ties and dancing. '. '.-'•' /.
Darina Parlor on ; iht\ evening of } the
third Tuesday in October had a delight
ful party at theMaJestic Theater, which
had been arranged by v special commit
tee composed of Miss M. Rueser, Mrs.; C.
M. McAuliffe, Mrs." Lucia ' Hammersmith
and Miss Anna Gerlchteir. In addition to
the presentation of/Janice Meredith as
the leading attraction there was a special
programme of .patriotic .music." -'
One of the. most 'charming members of
Wlnona Parlor of j the Native Daughters
of the Golden West,, located lat Arcata, Is
Mary Crawford, who. Is : looked t upon as
cne ."of the leading citizens of her sex": j n
the place In which she rcsldes.V In ; fra
ternal work she has ; manifested a com
prehensiveness of the true i spirit of v the
organization of which she is a ; moßt es-
Redmanship.
The chiefs of Alathmos^ Council of ' the
D.' of P. appeared for .the first time last
week in new Indian costumes J for ; the
purpose of * conferring- the ; : adoption : . de*
gree on a . class of '' palefaces.'. This
team, under the captaincy of Dr. M. "E.
Benioni\ "who has \u25a0 devoted ; a great deal ?of
attention to the / work, did remarkably
well. This council cave a social in
Scandia Hall on"; the ; evening "Jot :. October.
2G. There .were several; - surprises 'at
this social ; Among^ the •, numbers i in'/ the
order nf dances vwexe? the; storm \ lancers,"
twilight schottlsche and the; cheat for, grab
waltz. . A. i Baker, was ; the - floor I manager,"
assisted Vby an active; committee./;;/ The
council will \u25a0 give ] a • ball Jointly . with ; Cal-'
umet* Council < onithe ; evening; of 1 Novem
ber -4 in: Red ': Men's bulldinjr.
;^5 Laurel . Hall \u25a0in * the ; Shlels ; building was
the ; rendezvous i for . the 1 * members f of , OheN
da. Council/; D.' of; P;,/onlthe! night s of; the
last Thursday ' In; October.'! - The : members
invitefl; their \u25a0 friends :_ to. be "l presetut iwith
them ; on. that night,' [as- there was:a;pro
gramme ". of entertainment s and f dancing.' i ; .
,- Calumet Council ; of 'the; Degree .of-Poca
hontas ; has arranged ,?for .a? dance fob? the
night of ": Octoberi 31, v in ~i the ,i banquet • hall
ef . the Odd '"Fellows' /.building. /" ; r '\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0' :'\u25a0":':
;;/ There "^ was^a*jllafge i attendance % at /the
ice-cream social /given / in '- the : ; banquet
\u25a0 \u25a0<* y — ;*\u25a0 ' .- . . > .. ..---.-. ...„.:,,
hall of the' Odd Fellows', building. on the
night of> the 'second Wednesday- in Oc
tober,"; by.' Wyandotte* Tribe { of the .' Im
proved. Orider of Red, Men. This, was in
celebration,'' qf. ; the .first, anniversary, of the
institution- 1 of -the tribe and • if proved a
very successful function. : :
Manitou Tribe' will give a first-class en»
tertalriment'lir the -Assembly ' Hair of the
Red Men's building on Golden Gate ave
nue'i to-morrow "night. 1 " \u25a0: Th* "programme
will be . v fonowed;by. dancing. " . r
•^The; board "of frelief -of > the -Improved
Order of Red * Men 'of San Francisco will
be v given i in Red Men's^ Hall on the- night
of December 16.. All the tribes.- in- the
ojrdenJputsTde .< of :San . Francisco, /which
are all" benefited; by this association,; wnl
be asked to'- take .'an interest in'thls af
fair,' N --.;\u25a0:->: ;t':^;-:- .\u25a0:.. :--']*. r '\u25a0'\u25a0':': -
'\u2666..Sotby'ome Tribe, has made arrangements
for an anniversary function to" b©-' given
in Native' Sons' Hall on th£j night of Oc
tober 31. ; »This tribe will on that date
be thirty-seven years old. : : ; .
The ball that was given by' Seminole
Council in the Assembly Hall of the Red
Men's ':; building recently was- one* that
attracted ' to the place nearly 500 per
sons, who enjoyed a delightful order of
dances. The committee in charge was
composed' of Mesdames Godeau, Savenac,
Sannt, Redangier, Vassle. Tanier : and
Rule. J. Harry Hutaff, P. G..R., was the
floor -manager. • \u25a0< ; \ v.- ";>
...» The ,-. first- anniversary -ball:, given by
Wyandotte Tribe in Golden u<ite- Hall
oh the; evening of the third in
October." was a very - enjoyable ; and suc
cessful" social function. The j attendance
was all that the; promoters of this af
fair ' could wish for, the , programme .of
dances had been ". prepared with great
care and the music was entrancing."
Tho rule in all fraternal societies is
that when a member has .'attained the
highest honors that .the subordinate, body
or grand body can' give, is for the party
receiving- such to .retire and /take, no
further active part in the work of the or
der, but to let .others do the work. But
in 'this. -as in all rules, there are excep
tions, and one of > these is ; Past 2 Poca
hontas: Mrs. ALUzle, Kemlster, who. hav
ing received the; highest favors of Poca
hontas Council, [of : which she jis an hon
ored and. very much-beloved member, . is
still in- the field and doing as much work
for the advancement of the order as. the
most enthusiastic new member.
\u25a0 • ; •>\u25a0: -\u25a0
Ancient Order, of Foresters.
vCourt Athens has adopted as its motto,
"There is nothing like striving to gain
an objective point," and ; following that
the members of this ! court have been do
ing extraordinary work to the : end ' that
the court shall be one of the'le'adirig ones
in the Jurisdiction, and they nave suc
ceeded in a wonderful degree. By the
close of the term the court will; make
such a. showing thatjt will be a surprise
to the sister courts. On the. second Fri
day in October the entertainment com
mittee met/at; the residence of -W./W.
Sheldon in, Oakland, and after_ discussing
many - matters along \ the line •of social
features, it decided to have, the 'court's
anniversary entertainment "and ball dur
ing, the "fourth, week in November/ 'For
the entertainment of '.the: members and
their ' friends there /will be : a first-class
programme of varied numbers. At the
close of the . committee business the
daughters of the host favored with musi
cal numbers, and the host's wife; served
a delicious supper. >.-;\u25a0 . ; \u25a0' "'. " ' '.\u25a0/:'•'', '•':\u25a0"• v
There was a /large^//attendance ot the
members and friends of Court Twin Peaks
in/Mission Turn -Verein ; ; Hall last. week
at: the celebration* of : the^eighteenth^ an^
niversary; of \u25a0 the institution of the .court.
The \u25a0 affair was \ by- the , court ?in con junc
tion" with Juvenile Court Twin: Peaks and
Twin Peaks Circle. There /was an enjoy
able | programme; of music j and: specialties
and a laughable sketch,: In < which 'the- fol-;
lowing named . took s part : ' "" Ed
Will O'Day,"; Alexander Smith ' Jr., and
Misses Eva Smith. / H.;: Cook Hand
Thomas. The: othori numbers \u0084were; con
tributed . by ' Dibben's t / orchestra, - f Miss
Louise ; LuUen, ".Master » Donald .Cameron,
Miss - Susie ".Frick', Mrs". . Eflie : - Harrington
Cain,- Master Wil He j Hauser , Mies 'i Ed na
Crocker, R. A. ? Pariser, r Miss Wildrige C.
Adams, Miss ; Eula % Vera / Robe • and \ the
Osborns. . 4 There was \ dancing .until . mid
night. . The affair ',' was ; successfully man-,
aged under the direction lot active com
mittees.^ :" v'^.c ; ' -. ".,':;\u25a0 .-: :'\u25a0£•' .\u25a0;'\u25a0 . i?MM£3j%s!B&3S&
\u25a0 ." , Court , Wlery sdale,^ which has an excep
tionally fgood initiatory team, i is; making
rapid progress in' the matter, of 'addlnfri,to
its membership. ? £ At each > meeting; there is
a large attendance ;of imerabers * who ; are
interested in- thelworkfof the" team."} . This
team was . called ; upon \ recently : to] put *on
the work ; for,; Court ;' Star^of i the| Mission:
On that i occasion <\u25a0- the v team '% was ;\u25a0: highly"
praised. The court is making arrange
ments if or '\u25a0 a ; masked:ball •to ibe i given \in
Eintracht . Hall Jon the \ night v of -• Decem
ber 9. :;.:./ ./-.. . ,/ : r" : ; \u25a0•\u25a0 '\u25a0•-'•;\u25a0, -,-:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'. •;;>-:"
.V One '.of .the very, active .workers : of ,• the
board ; of ' deputies /of the Companions 'of
the ; Forest^A; O. F."Z ia \ Mrs. s: L^Seyerence,
a I member ,: of > and |, deputy j: for j Sherwood
Circle. •: She :>.: >. has ., been \at. - very :/ energetic
worker] f or.l thefclrcle 'and f order ' and the
: leader In fall : social ; functions s for ; her :, ,'cirj
;cle.~j>The .*; success Vof peanut
party^ given s by ,;\u25a0 this \u25a0\u25a0 circle 'was r due lhfa
great 'measure ; to Deputy. Severence's ' ef f
forts."" **'*'"' \u0084," " '., ' "
The juvenile band of the Ancient Or
der of Foresters of this city on the third
Sunday :in v October were: the'giiests of
Commodore Lee on the yacht Ariel for
a; sail 1 on.theibay. The boys, in : charge
of Manager .John. Falconer, had a de
lightful "time, and in return for the com
pliment . played many. \u25a0\u25a0- enlivening . ,, airs
during >lhe trip. The boys will have a
high Jinjts in the A. O. F. building on Oc :
tobcrj27,, and on November 4 willhave a
day ; and ; night and* at the Chutes.
.Court Occidental has. organized a team
to put bn the ritualistic work. Passed
High. Court Treasurer John Henderson
has-been selected captain. : -" .
'-Court ".Monterey.- has. selected a team. to
put ;. on the ""second" ; degree known jis
"through" the forest." "'-' ' " *~ '""'\u25a0' ' r 7~ "
> Court Sisquoc of Santa Maria, recently-
Instituted,; now, has. ninety-eight members
in good i standing. ',] '
Asaresult of-theopen meeting arid en
tertainment recently given by Court Star
o f r . Redwoods four . , strangers / were • initi
ated ;at [the* }ast -meeting and several ap
plications: were /;/. \u25a0'-\u25a0: •\u25a0'-'.
Thelnew ritual has, been translated into
foreign languages and the same: will be.
ready for distribution In, a short -time. -
C. Banks, past chief ranger of the court
at Lakepo'rt, - was in this city last, week
andcalled at the office of Permanent Sec-,
retary Falconer. ; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0;;i-V,-". ~ /\u25a0-'./\u25a0./ \u25a0-'./\u25a0.-
0
/.C/ Brown, a prominent member. of Court
Sequoia of Eureka."; recently met with a
serious ; accident, * and is in this city for
treatment. : : ?--. ' \u25a0-'..".
. Supreme Grand Chief, Companion . Mary
Castle and Supreme Gr/tnd Secretary Mac
Falconer have in the recent past officially
visited Del Mar Circle at. Pacific Grove,
Benicia Circle* at Benicla, and Webster
Circle at Pinole; Sunshine Circle .iri-Mcr
ced, anc the two circles in , Fresno.
During the term.' ending. June of this
year the order lost one circle by secession,
but initiated 475 strangers, and despite the
loss by 'the- circle going out 'the order
made a'net gain .-of -.261.; .'. "_.-'
Independent Foresters.
Members of the San Francisco Board of
Deputies, accompanied by \u0084- High * Chief
Ranger Stewart; paid a visit on' the night
of October 11 to Companion" Court Golden
Gate in Franklin Hall. There, was ; a
good attendance of '. members of the
court, who 'during the 1 evening were ad
dressed by President \u25a0; William Stewart
and ' Deputies Burke and Stewart of the
board, after which there were short ad
dresses by the chief ranger,' .by J. P.
Murphy, S.\ R;;G./W. -Kuss and others.
The -ladies of the court then manifested
their .hospitality by serving coffee and
homemade cakes.
The "companion court . of ; the Independ
ent Order of Foresters recently organized
at , San Mateo was instituted during the
\u25a0second, week in October with twenty-one
charter members. After the institution
several- \ applications were presented.
Mary J.- Lindsay '. was elected chief ran
ger and Hannah Lyon, recording stcre
tary. - \u25a0 • \u25a0 \u25a0.\u25a0' \u25a0';.;-. >/
The reports presented at the recent
session ,of the Supreme Court of the
Independent- Order of Foresters show
that; since the previous session the ac
cumulated funds have Increased $3,272,
345.V. During: the 313 working days of
the year preceding the session -the or
der paid out -on any average JSS32 a day,
and each day put away a surplus of
53907. The, order's -reserve fund now
exceeds $9,000,000. AH the' supreme .of
ficers '. were : ' continued,, in office
another^ term.. -with. Dr. Oronhyatekha
at:th'e. head. .. 'Among the r legislative
enactments ,was v one that" reduces the
ape, limit of oliglblesto 16 years in
stead of 18 as in the past; another in
troducing th£ plan, by
which a member' can arrange to have
the face value of his protection paid
to the beneflciary in five, ten, fifteen or
twenty years. It was also decided to
issuea: $250 certificate for the exclu
sive \ise of women , who wish to be
come members. Male applicants can
not take out a certificate In a sum less
than SCOO.
The announcement in the'dally pa
pers of the result of the election of* the
officers of the High | Court at the recent
6ession in Sacramento left the' impression
that G. Q. Stewart, ".the", high chief ranger,
had been "turned down", for re-election.
Such, however, was hot the easel TJie
high "chief ranger ; was nominated and
would have been re-elected, but he de
clined for the reason j that the supreme
office' desired him to accept a supreme
deputyship i forthe Pacific . Coast; with
thj understanding that he; will,devote
his entire time to organization work,
and, as the offer was a, most flattering
one, accompanied with the assertion
that the supreme body looked. upon
him,' by reason of his work in the past,
as one of the very best organizers the
West has ever had, he accepted. In
the election for. high chief ranger Hop
kins received - 125 votes • and \u25a0 Cameron
73. Cameron expects better results
some other time. O. K. Brown \v.;s
elected high secretary by | the highest
vote cast- in -the. body. \u25a0 He received 148
votes out of 2 :Z...K His opponents; were
W Stewart, who received 64 votes, and
Blake. 31. j For high vice chief ranger
J P Murphy received 121 /votes rand
Borllnl 80. In addition to the list of
officers chosen, as already printed, the
following .named will . serve during the
foresticyear: J. B, Knudson; high ora
tor; S. B. Willard, assistant to the.hlgh
secretary in the High Court;:; Rosina
Young, high organist; C. H.i Arvidson,"
high senior woodward; F. G. ; . Smith,
high Junior woodward; George W. Hyyle,
high marshal; A.. A. St. Clair.: high.con
ductor; C V. Darrah, high; messenger;
S. K." Jones, * high senior beadle, and
James Robertson, high junior beadle. The
proposition .; to disincorporate was de
feated. ; A ,•. new .^ code f-'. of ; by-laws was
adopted. '% Itiwaij decided in the f v-"
ture only actual -transportation shall be
' paid > and that one '-'delegate shall be
paid $2 per diem for, three days. The
expenses iot ~ the ' session were $1072.
Ine high secretary will not send small
orders , for : supplies,; 1 as in -the past, : no
order for ' less -than .25 cents will be
forwarded. The High Court dues were
nsedVat tl, payable semi-annually In
January, and July. : The ; headquarters
of the - High Court ".will be • retained ' in
San Francisco^;; In I the -report '\u25a0; of ! t,he
committee on the state of the order there
was a recommendation, that High- Chief
Ranger.-- G. ; Q- ' Stewart ;; be )\u25a0 retained ; on
the i organization ? board* by the supreme
body ; in .recognition 'of . his ./excellent
wozrk for. the order in i the past. ."
•'"'\u25a0 Miss': Pauline : Stewart, the very . ef
ficient''assistant,> to/. Hiffh: Secretary
Brpwn fat ' the i headquarters ' in ;; this ' city
durlrig^the -past fyear/; will ;be> retained
in '= the , position : she i has so ? ably filled."/ ;
•>:- Frank tE.j Hand. Is Mh' the '\u25a0.'city/ at -this
tifne3 having sent; here iby^ the-su
preme chief ; ranger j, to < superintend the
organization 'work' in all of the Pacific
Coast States.',
* *A V% E.^ Edgecumbe of Court Solano.
Vallejo, was 'a^ visitor at headquarters
in this city last week. > \, '
National Union.
; Mission .Council } of > the. ' NatibrS.l
Union iTat "lts^meetlngr ion ;the .second
Friday^ In (Octoberjhad * work ]la \ the ; in^
ltiatoryidegree^whlch jwas ; presented i in
a';riiost!perfect;ma.nner." ; ," . /*/;-; 'z^l 1
?:\u25a0* Last'iweek -i General^ Deputy _;,Wilson
was ; taken" vl' J et * armisi f rora ; his office,
\u25a0: v - . :\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ': ,\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0:\u25a0; :'-*z*sßßlgB£XBß&&m!a^kmi3eßSi
E. C. STOCK
THREE WEU- KNOWN WOMEN WHO HAVE GIVEN TEAJR3 OF ÜBORA.ND
ENERGY FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF THE FRATERNAL. SOCIETIES OF !
\u25a0. WHICH THEY ARE MEMBERS. \
'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0• . \u25a0- . • ««ij.jdPWl ' \u25a0 \u25a0 •
"rushed" into an automobile and
"rushed down", to San Jose and after
a night's rest he was "rushed" to San
ta Cruz. There he .remained until
Monday, when. he was brought back to
this city. The excuse for this particu
lar action was that he' needed a rest,
and as he would not take It On his own
account his friends toojf drastic meas
ures.
El Dorado Council at its meeting on
the third Tuesday" in October received
twenty-two applications. This council
will have thirty strangers to Initiate
at Its next 'meeting:.
. The membership of El Dorado Council
is , nearly *00 and the aim of the mem
bers now is to exceed the 500 mark.
Golden Gate Council at its meeting Oc
tober 17 had a crowded house, it being
Vhouse-warming" night- There were a
great many strangers. present, who were
entertained with addresses by W. W.
Cross, J. H. Baker. Senator. J.-W. Cuth
bert. Uoyd C. Comegys, Senator James
E. Fields, and with specialties by Billy
Hynes and others. '\u25a0 After the meeting
there was a collation and refreshments.
On the nljrht of the third AVednesday
in October the visit of the officers and
membftrs'of the San Francisco Cabinet
to California Council was marked by
the larjrc number? of members of that
body present: During the evening there
was the initiation of a class of ten
strangers. "among the number belnjj
City and. County School Superintendent
\V. H. \u25a0 Langdon. The proclamation that
these strnnjerr have- been create.l
friend." of the National Union increased
the membership to 501. a mark the
council has been striving to reach for
r lonp time. After tjhe initiation there
were addresses by the -visiting mem
bers of the cabinet and the ' passing
around of Usher McGufflclc's fine cigars.
During: the evening the many members
of the. order present were favored with
musical selections by members of the
California Council Quartet. • •";:\u25a0\u25a0
Ancient Order Workmen^
Arrangements have been completed for
the celebration in Native Sons* Hall on
October 30 of ihe thirty-seventh anniver
sary of the foundation of the order. Tha
main hall and the banquet hall have been
secured for the # occasion, the lat
ter to be. used for an .overflow meet-*
ing.^ In addition 'to the speakers selected
for the evening Supreme Master Work
man J. G. Tate of Nebraska will be pres
ent and will deliver the principal address.
This, it Is expected, will be one of" the
most elaborate affairs given in the name
of the order in this city.
The supreme master workman during:
his stay in " California was booked to
address mass- meetings as j follows: Los
Angeles, October 27; Fresno. 28th; San
Francisco, 30th; "Sacramento, £lst, and
San Jose, November .l. • /
.•A new lodge of the order will be instl
j tuted at Coallnga during the latter part of
I November. A charter list for a new lodge
has been opened in Tuolumne City. •
"'The San Francisco extension committee
has changed its day of meeting. Here
after It will meet on. the first Sunday of
each month at 10 o'clock.
1 Grand Recorder Spencer reports the dis-
I bursement of $52,000 to, beneficiaries during
j the current^ month.., . .. - \u25a0.. -
The . board .of directors met October
: 23 for Uie purpose of discussing a*num
j ber;of matters for; the advancement- of
the order. . . ' • I
gpn the night of October 10 there was an
enthusiastic meeting in" Hay-wards in be
j half 'of workmanship and the principal
speaker was District Deputy J. J. O'Toole.
' Dan Haskell, the^ express messenger
who, was killed, by a highway
I robber, was a member of Mount Hamilton
Lodge :of San . Jose. His • widow will re
' ceive $2000 from the order."sBijpHfiSp&is|
j r Forg*t-Me-Not /Lodge of the Degre«
'of Honor had, a very pleasant meeting on
i, the second : Saturday in,' the / current
• month. .Applications were received from
'.persons desiring, to Join the lodge and
; from one desiring : to be reinstated- Dur
j Ing the evening the lodga. was visited by
'\u25a0\u25a0a. part.of the band. of; St/ John's Lodge,
t A! O. U.'W.,* after which th«ra was dane- I
There was a district convention a: few
; days , since, in ; San Leandro that was'prer
Bi«i»d over by Mrs. Theresa Schmidt of
? Ivy ) Lodge of Oakland. V The grand chief
'-of . honor, ' the grand } secretary "and other
I dignitaries "of j, the order .were present. A
! very instructive meeting was held and the
members •lofvj.the San Leandro Lodge
! served ilunch andsupper. ;- v ;•'-:;-: •"" \'i'y
I ilvy. Lodge i ls] divided into* two factions/
i '"the : reds t and / the *: blue s, ; and -.;, Ufey ; are
j striving : for; points In L entertaining. v The
side r that . receives \. the • least ; number sof
: polntsi will serve a banquet to th«-win
ners. /\u25a0 \u25a0 . ; PqBMbBBBBRSB|
! :. Silver Spray Lodge Is. arranging for a
i grand ball ' on the evening of December 8.
I On" .that Voccasion j the V degree /teatn^will
1 appear in •a - new ; uniform costume of
j white.^H^PBKpSBSBIpfIpWSBHBQBt
; .Unity. Lodge .had an : old-time smoker
iniElks'LHall on *th"c" night of
October. 24. {, There ,wa!j a* good t ihie; for
the r members ; and those " they' lnvited- *
On Tuesday. Octob«r 32. Sam, Booth,
grand receiver of th« A. O. U. W.; will
deliver, an Illustrated lecture before Sil
ver Spray Lodge at the Degree of Honor
and its friends ia Exctlsior Hall at 23W
Mission street. The subject ia "A Trip to
Europe." This is to be for the benefit of
the uniform fund of the drill team of the
lodge.
Native Sons.
Th© following named Native Sons of
the Golden West were in attendance at
the recent session of the Grand Lodge
of Free and Accepted Masons: Hon. F.
M. Angellotti, Hon. Thomas Flint Jr.,
Hon. William S. Wells. Hon. Orrin S.
Henderson, I Hon. Charles I* Patton.
Hon. Char 1» s M. Belshaw. Hon. Gjorge
L.^Barnes, Dr. Charles W. Decker. Frea
L. "Arbogast. Thomas C. Conmy. Edwin
L. Meyer, C. A. Carroll, George Cos
grave. Adolph Eberhart. John F.
Schrotb, Arthur J. Thatcher. John R.
Hillman, O. M. Goldaracena, Walter N*.
Brunt, H. C. Schaertzer and G. Gun
zendorffer.
Grand " Organizer Mocker recently
visited Visalia. Hanford and Bakers
flf Id in the interest of . th« order. He
was also in Bakersfleld during the ; fair
and reports that owing to the crush
it became necessary to place nve -visi
tors in each room in the hotels.- The
grand organizer says that he did not
mind that, but that he could not find
any material in the crowded rooma to
locate .in the parlors.
The many friends of John J. Neu
barth. past president of the California
; Parlor, were grieved to learn last week
of the sudden death of his wife a:
I Bakersfleld while on her way back to
this city after having, in his company,
been In the East on a visit to relatives.
Niantie Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden West were the host on fie
evening of Wednesday. October 25, fci
Native Sons' Hall, when the Native/
Sons' Literary and Social Committee 1
save an entertainment, followed by a
dance. As on previous occasions, the
programme was a gootf one, but on this
occasion there were specialties never
before presented by this committee,
which were interesting as, they were
novel.ajWp
The committe».ls making great prep
arations for the Native Daughters'
night, which will be on trie night of
November 22. On that evening 1 all the
Native Daughters of the local parlors
will be present, and those who wish to
see what the ladies look like will have,
possibly, the only opportunity to sea
so many -members of the order under
one roof. An unusually fine programme
wlllbe presented.
. Sequoia Parlor of the Natlr© Sons ef
the Golden West has appointed a com
mittee, to arrange for a prize masquerade
ball in Native Sons* Hall on Thanksgiv
ing evenulng, November 29.
Grand Third Vice President Charles M.
Belshaw left last week on a tour ot of
ficial visits to the parlors located in Plu
mas, Lassen and Modoc counties.
Rathbone Sisters.
San Francisco Temple of the Rath
bone Sisters had a very well attended
and successful flsh-ponC part>- an«l
dance in the Red Men's Hall recently,.
Every article In the fish pond -was
piece of fancy- work. th« ? product of
skill of the member". while on a table
In the hall were a number of beauti
ful nrticles that were too larg« to be
put In the- pond. -These were all. dis
posed of for the purpose of im-reasina;
the fund of the temple. There was a
good programme of entertainment, . a
well-arranKed order of dances and
Unit-class music. The affair • was ad
mirably^manJurtHl by Maud O'Brien, as
sisted by Mrs. 'Xl. B. Dwlght. M. Annie
Arnold. Carrie F. Ewtng-. Ida Mecredy.
Anna C. Terry. Maude Wiarhum, Mlnnl-j
Davis^'lda Potjer and Emma A~.Sc.hoe-
'The dance that was recently given by
Golden Gate Temple in Red Men's Hail
was well attended. Miss Myrtle Sajv
lor w«s floor v manager. -and she was
ably. assisted by Dorothy BenderrGer
trude Klernm. Clara Morrii. Buby^Say
lor and th<* ever-wlllins-to-do-some
thlnic"Dan Savior.
.Seven Pines Camp Fire.
? The annual camp fire and tall given by
Seven. Pines Circle of the Ladtss of,th«
Grand Army of the Republic on the night
of the third Wednesday in October, in th«
Red Men's building, ; was attended by -so
manyi persons that there C was not room
for all: who desired seats. There was a
very :. pleasing projtramme, the numbers.
, vocal ; and Instrumental \u25a0 music and fancy
I dancing,' being contributed by th« follow
ing . named : ' Miss Jean Dnrel. Miss Lil
lian /Wood: Miss Albright. Professor
Schultz, Mlsa.E. Walforna. Mlas McCoy.
M. \u25a0 Santo. M: J. Orr, Helen Hanson. Mai- r
ter Wood and Miss Alfreda Swanaor^
The supper "served around the camp fir* •
was a substantial and very palatable one.
Dancing 'for twu, hours followed the sap
r>ex '*" * ' ••
•-.-...-"\u25a0•'.With the Players and the Music
Folk
When Maestro Salassa no longer
sings — and may that be very long— he
\u25a0will still have his hands with him, the
most eloquent in the world. One could
more easily imagine, 1 fancy, Salassa
without his head than without his
.hands. 1 had them before me as they
play laso as 1 went to see him the
other morning. I came away after a
trood hour with them with the. wit. of
them dazzling iiie as not all Mr. Salas
sa.'s speech, with the deep, red gold of
the voice thrown in. dazzled* in*. He
.turns an epigram with a thumb, sneers
"with an upturned little finger and
•buries a rival fathoms deep in a hol
ipwed palm. Curved, dosed fingers,
like a tall Illy Lud, up pointed," and he
paints *n inhnite pianissimo for > you;
a flat hand, palm down, thumb cruelly
apart, and OteKo's jealousy is aflame.
Little there is that Salassa's hands
cannot say, and. as before said, these
he will nave with him when the voice
is gone. If gesture can.be taught here
is a maestro who could make fame for
any dramatic school, though may it be
long before he should teach.
It was almost the first thing I asked
Salassa the other day — where he had
studied gesture. Count Piccloni oblig
ingly translated. We were at the Tiv
oli; iSal&ssa In a businesslike brown
suit and an inglorious red tie. His big,
barytone roots "beneath tremendous
shoulders one linds and squarely from
them rises the big- head, with its thin,
sweet, supple,' mobile lips; nose like a
larger Dante's; and gray, firm eyes,
behind a pince-nez when off duty.
With upturned palm Salassa simply
squelched my Question.
Count l-'iccloni translated:
"He says he has not anywhere stud
fed; he learned himself only" — not one
word had Salar.sa said.
It was Just here, howover, that I be
came conscious of my exceeding gopd
fortune. Possibly Salassa 16 the only
male matinee idol they have ever had
at the Tivoli. All the ages and sexes
have succumbed to his attractions. The
old ladies adore him; the young ones
dream of him; men leave their smokes
for hitn. Sagely I wondered if the
mystery that surrounds him added to
this. Less, possibly, is known of
Salassa than of any other singer fa
miliar at the Tivoli — possibly because
there is less to know. Fascinating
rumors that between whiles he betakes
himself to a monastery are not un
known, and it is true that out of the
Tivoli doors — no more Salassa. And
there I was with the idol, his barytone
r booming for me alone. There are some
things in life worth living for, I
as I remembered ay the other
girls who would, have given all the
tars they have to be there!
Of course, it was beautifully worth
while just for that. Of course, I should
"enjoy to say" that I found Salassa the
sumptuously intellectual person his lago
si«ms to bespeak him. Of course, I should
like to feel that this sumptuously inti-1
fr-ctual person scintillated for me alone.
But I am a truthful person. Salassa does
not scintillate— only by way of his hands.
Even in the luminous translation of Pic
cioni the barytone shone quite mildly.
Good-natured, delightfully naive, artless
ly vain, Salassa is charming, indeed, to
me*t. but I should judge his superb
acting a matter as much of instinct as
of intellect. But magnificent instinct!
That he was at home, caring for the
splendid.' voice that has Jas=ted him twen- :
t>'-rix years to the ordinary finger's fif
r-en, and nn at that fascinating monas
tery cf tradition, Salassa told me of his
!etsurpr hoiir'p history.
Turin he comes from. Salassa then in
fcarixi me. At IS he began to Study
s hf;«. Po irr>i>r«^ssed was Pedrotti, of
v, houi ax the same time Tamagno was a
pupil, with Halassa's _ volte, that he gave
fcira lessons every morning in addition to
those of the regular conservatory course.
Practically the student was at the Ly
ceum a!l day.
\u25a0•Hard work?" I asked.
\u0084"Y>ry hard work," came back in Sa-
lassa's glowing barytone,
Of his first appearance, curiously in an
opora- composed by. Petrella's uncle, "I"
«.Ptorrie«»Kl Sposi." he told me. It was as
/R^derigo. and during the month of pub
lic performances given by the Lyceum
students every year. He laughed hugely
a? he *aid it was a 'terand success."
, Piccioni translated the laughter. "Mr.
Salassa pays to say." he explained, "that
the student performances are given in a
large theater where one pays two, three
and five, francs for seat all the year.
For the students they charge one franc
only, and all is great success. Parents
conn*, to. applaud their little boys and
girls, anfl any one has twenty cents!"
For eight years, longer than any other
native barytone. Salassa sang continu
• ously In his native town. These operas
. he' sang In, and with much success, which
is easily to be believed: "I'Coscritto,"
"Promesst Sposi," "Traviata," "Ballo in :
Maschera.." "Nabucco," "Carmen," "Mig
non," "Gloconda." "II Conte Rosso." "La
Modella," "Laßeglna di Bcozia,"
In comic opera, comically, Salassa be
gan, as comic opera, in "Falstaff," Is now
his favorite opera. But it was in "I'Cos
critto" that he sang first, as a sergeant
who enlists soldiers In England for
France.
• "What are his farovite roles?" I asked.
"Uno momento." Salassa asked, and I
waited to hear "lago, Falstaff. Barnaba
C'Gioconda") and Tonlo."
•The lago Is really your favorite
role?" I asked of its star exponent.
. Yes. it was. he told me again, hands
-^pressing his various delight in the role.
fcSrfe has a voice like that of Maurel, for
whom the role was written, be explained,
"dark," like Maurel's. "For him," be
said. Verdi wrote the opera.' "Just as
this." Piccioni elucidated; "Mr. Verdi
. wrote it, then he say to Mr. Maurel:
'Here is your opera!' " Salassa's bestow
ing hands illustrated: *
How, night after night, he watched
Maurel at the singing, Salassa- told then.
Kow. night after night when he went
home, before a mirror, he reproduced the
Antiquated Cry of "Imitation" in Art Is Becoming Wearisome
• lie who is without some knowledge or
j:J'^rcciation .of art to-day confesses hlm
siYf tcfiKtaut to the unconscious but
ioiccfu! influence of the times. Every
v>crc about us are there exuressions of
jtH. S«rn« types mus^t appeal, to all men.
if they but take the time to get acquaint
,rt v.nh them, and to catch the messages
ih<>y 'would tell. To do this, men must
bo •» a receptive mood, if they would
gain " tho 'full message that the painter
socks to tell, or if they would , extract
from the picture the pleasure that It
should impart. To acquire this attitude
tho mind must be freed of prejudices,
and . freed from thoughtless comparisons.
True, comparison is the world's yardstick
for measurement, but it is not a compe
tent standard in art, for by It the point
of view, or the conception, of the artist
,x cannot be arrived at-«nd unless you get
painter's viewpoint, you cannot pos
sibly pass relevant Judgment upon .his
picture.
Apropos to this matter of Judging pic
tures, it fell to my lot to be viewing
Giuseppe Cadenasso's pictures on exhibi
tion at Paul Elder's, with some other
visitors, who were unknown to me- other-
Maurel picture, he told. How, at last.
In reverence, he sang it, he recounted.
"Where," I wanted to know then, "had
Mr. Salassa sung?" Why he is not more
Importantly known ha? always puzzled
me. this, of all the "Tivoli singers, that
the Grau people went regularly to hear,
who stands with 'them, who is of them.'
It would take too many minutes, Sa
lassa laughed, to tell of all the places
where he has sung— "Valparaiso, Monte
video, City of Mexico— a great deal in
South America. In Russia, in St. Peters
burg, In Moscow. Italy, of course- 1—"1 — "
"But." I said, "Paris? Berlin? Lon
don?"
"In London, yes." the barytone told me.
"That was very interesting. It was in
'La Regina di Scozia' he sang in London.
The opera was written by a lady, a de
scendant of the Queen of Scots, the one
Mary. She was very rich, and heard
Salassa sing in Turin, and brought him
and a whole company from Turin to Lon
don to present the opera."
"Good?" I asked.
Mr. Salassa's hands damned with much
faint praise. "It ran a week," he added.
But one wonders what would have hap- |
pened had Salassa's lago introduced him
to metropolitan attention.
It was after this that the Falstaff
came ur> again. Flattering, beseeching,
extolling, the hands and the gorgeous
barytone — that seems to roll up from
Salassa's very boots— asked me why we
could not have "Falstaff" here. "He is
dreaming for that opera." He Is most
sure that If it were given for once It
would run for many nights. Come c
bella! Come c belia!
"There !s one romance," hands to
heaven, ''Quando ero paggio del Duca di
Norfolk, ero sottile, sottile, sottile, sot
tile' ("When I -was page to the Duke
of Norfolk I was so thin, so thin, so thin.
so thin"), for which Maurel used to get
five «ncores, when I was allowed one,
c-ncorej.. .. ..— . ... ':.-.*•\u25a0 '
"But the measure of me was taken for
Falstaff when I was before here. Then
—no more Falstaff. But I am dreaming
for that opera. Will you ask that, they
put it on for me?"
I Co ask. .If you please. Mr. Leahy,
will you put on ••Falstaff' for Mr. Sa
lassa? W*» have not wanted to hear It for
more than six years ourselves. . , . "*,
"BEN HUR" WILL BE
CHIEF ATTRACTION
"Ben-Hur." the b!g spectacle play, will
be the chief attraction at the theaters
this week. The play comes to the Grand
Opera-house to-morrow evening for a
limited engagement of two weeks. The
production promises to be at least as
good as the stupendous affair brought
here two years ago, than which nothing
more ambitious "has j been seen locally.
The "chariot race" scene, which admirers
used to go night after night to see over
again, will, of course attract the usual
attention. The company, is said to be
unusually efficient, the cast;lncluding:.Al
phonse Ethier as Ben-Hur; Julius Me-
Vicker as Messala; Robert McWade as
Simonldes; Dorothy Rossmore as Iras;
Iklabel Mortimer as Esther, and Henry
Weaver as / Sheik Ilderim. Alphonse
Ethier Is the handsome person who won
such favor as the Messala of the first
"Ben-Hur"; and McWade seems to have
made an excellent impression in the dif
ficult-role of Slmonidcs. Mabel Mortimer
is the Esther of the original cast. Indi
cations are for crowded houses this time
as last, when several records were broken
at the Grand Opera-house.
To-day the Grand Opera-house will
have a tucked-In engagement of one day
of "Peggy from Paris," the George Ade
musical comedy. Comes with it Arthur
Deagon, the comedian, Julia WWestt t and
the famous Emmaleen chorus. This will
be the first time the comedy has been
given here, and it is said to be of the
smartest of George Ade's efforts pro
duced in thoroughly smart fashion.
Andrew Mack, at the Columbia will
again be seen to-morrow evening in
"Tom Moore," the Knights of Columbus
being in attendance. Mr. Mack will offer
"The Way to Kenmare,". another Irish
comedy, for the rest of the . week, begin
ning with this . evening's performance.
Things should be interesting at .the Al-
I cazar this week with Pinero's. "Iris" for
bill and Miss Lucia-Moore as Iris. The
wise there might have been a story. to
tell of a. disrupted friendship.
Standing before a fine study of oaks,
hung deep with . mosses, beneath whoso
shadows elfins nightly gambol, the woman
of the party exclaimed: '.'Oh, how lovely!
Isn't that splendid? But don't you think
he imitates Keith?"— which. is the point
whereat a friendship would be in grave
danger— but the pain. was saved me, be
ing a stranger.'
"Imitate Keith.V forsooth! and whom,
pray, did Mr. Keith imitate? And whom
did Innes and Corot and Japy and aji the
rest of . thei poet painters' "imitate?"
Why, -they Imitated nature— they. all saw
nature In. similar moods, and , so inter
preted it. And s " while It Is undoubtedly
true that one . man, ? whose mind is ' keyed
similarly to , another's, ..will be uncon
sciously Influenced' by him, It Is unjust,
unkind, and . manifestly , provincial • to ; say
that "this man is imitating that man,"
unless indeed ' he I imitate his methods
—which Is . a ; different . . matter. ;. And
in I this matter, of . i method, \u0084 every
painter ' who , has reached j- some ~ de
gree of success must * have ; ; de
veloped his own method, builded upon
the ' technical training • received in \u25a0 the '• be-
THE 'SAX' FRANCISCO CALL/ SUXDAW OCTOBER 29/ 1905:-
new company generally 'has made many
friends, Charles Waldron and' Leonora
Kirwin in particular. '
• \u25a0 • • • 7-. ,-'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0'•-'
At the Majestic the Neillswill be seen
this week in one of their favorite, com
edks, "The Lottery of Love." Mr. Neill
and Miss Edythe Chapman are very hap
py in the comedy, which is one of -Daly's
best. ' -^"7
•' • •
The Central Theater offers "Big-hearted
Jim" for this week. It will doubtless.at
tract the usual big crowds to the big up
town house. ' ' \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0-''-.>\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
\u25a0•-••\u25a0 •-\u0084.\u25a0
The California will have "The • Jolly
Grass Widows" in- burlesque this week.
. ' '-Ct-,'- # \u25a0•\u0084•\u25a0*\u25a0-.. .
The Macarte sisters, i whose wire- walk
ing made such a 'sensation at the Or
pheum a few. years ago, return to-day,
direct from the London Hippodrome.
Another new act will be presented \u25a0 by
Charles Prelle, whose canine circus Is
said to be. the most original animal act
now before the public. ; Prelle's'dogs ap*
pear' disguised as horses, as" venirUo
quist's figures, and go through the act
entirely by "themselves. '\u25a0;'-*•
'•*-•-\u25a0\u25a0.
Bothwell Brown's" Gaiety Girls in .a
singing. ami dancing turn lead the Chutes
bill this week.
Most wisely the Tivoli has decided to
substitute the delightful .production of
•'Dinorah"on Tuesday evening next for
"La Sonnambula." TetrazzinfV "shadow
dance" is a gem "of purest ray serene.?
It is doubtful if there is another sing
er living who could . do what Tetraz
zinl docs here, and \u25a0 Bazt-lli also is
capital, and' Gregoretti, as always, sat
isfying. .. .
The week's novelty will be "Norma."
dated for Friday evening. Wednesday
"La Boheme" is on, and'-on Thursday
"La Traviata." • .'•
This week. It should be ' remembered,
is the last of the little singer who has
so' endeared herself here. ., of : Lulsa
Tetrazzinl, and those who_ have heard
and those who have not heard' her will
never; hear her more : beautifully than
in "Dinorah."*
WILL BE A TREAT
./FOR MUSIC LOVERS
It is a feast fit for the: gods that
Will Greehbaum spreads *at Lyric, Hall
this afternoon, with the . two Heer
maiins and Harold Bauer purveying.
Not that one needs be grateful to Mr.
Greenbaunv therefor! Actually, the
concert is given' by the local, impre
sario because he wishes , himself/ t " to
hear the Kreutzer Sonata, with Harold
Bauer conducting the piano, and Heer
numii with the loveliest Stradivarlus
out of heaven using' it, Beethoven'di
recting. Mr. Greenbaum may , say dif
ferently. He. may ' think "differently.
But if there were only three people: in
the house this afternoon— as I there . will
be three ' and a" ' thousand-7-Mr/ .Green
baum be ; found : shamelessly
beaming away and applauding' for the
absent". thousand," the \ box '.office, clear
forgot! I have'scen. him at>it.. ; " \u25a0:J * .
He' asked me after "Heermann's
Beethoven" Concerto last "week one
if I thought a combined 'concert, with
Bauer would "go." 'He wanted' me to
Sivy yes. •. I wanted:to'say;yes, because
I, too, wanted the }. Kreutzer;, Sonata.
But honor and thej Heermann, attend
ance forbade. Manfully; I' owned >' l
"didn't know." < Then last- week,' r ,after
ginning. \u25a0 So there, is. really a "very-; small
chance ' for ; an i, '.'lmitation",.^ -of .;; method..
Therefore the so-called /"Imitation"; must
consist' of subject and r. treatment,* J arid
these are purely.' a : matter / of r, tempera-^
ment : and " understanding. ';; Just % why.ltwo
men of .: similar,? temperament* carinotiin
terpret. nature^ In . the " same ' moods--which
necessarily must look considerably 'allke-^-
I cannot see— can you? • • \u25a0•;\u25a0 •
Therefore: it 'seems to ;be itime this '"im
itation" - talk ' had stbpped^that '* it be \u25a0 req-"
ognized ' V : as' : , provincial, ;•? unprofessional
(when artists ' do It) and * iriibecillc; It ; is
detrimental to : the J best ; interests iof . free
art ; developrnerit, j and ; It -{should '"• be; con
demned, •as "\u25a0 should f all : other .: kinds/ of
"knocking," .;> wherein', no, .relevant /criti
cism lies. /. ; . ' \u25a0
This collection of Caderiasso pictures
comprises ; twenty-eight : canvases, -^in . oil
arid pastels; : as * follows :"! "Aprir; Showers";
(oil), /'Night : Fall"/ (oil/; .VLooking; to, the
West.-. (pastel); 1 "November lt Afternoon':
(oil), / "Morning??(pastel); ;;;"Llly i-ake'4.
(pastel) , ."Tamalpals 'at ; Evenlng"i (a study,
ln'olls); "Morning Mists" f (pastel) h'."ln' the
Hollow of i Hills'V;:(pastel)i:.4"Th'e 4 ; San
Bruno . Hills" : (a study'; in oils) '.^ '/Marsh'V
(a study in pastel), s "Storm' V (pastel),' "ln;
FAMOUS BARYTONE WHO IS THE.OM/i" JIALE MATINEE :fOL EVER Pr.KSENTEU BY THE TIVOL.I MANAGEMENT. AND
THREK A<,TORS WHO TAKE FAHT IN THE QUARREL. SCENE BETWEEN BEN HUR AND MEsSALA -AS'I'RESEXTKD
" THIS WEEK AT. THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. • ~ . . , • . ' i
the Bauer> "Waldstein." 'Mr. Greenbaunfi
wondered again. It looked no -more: like
It' then", the ; Bauer- houses being only
fair.' But this afternoon '* we -;.\u25a0«« tit h»
three 'artists. "and >* \u25a0programinc?* of 1 the
rankest magnificence. '• : ! '\f''<-? t.7t .7 "\u25a0\u25a0'':'',
'\u25a0' Every one, laytnaivand.'devotee alike',
will .want to | hear: the - Kreutzer^ So
nata. Arid \ Pifcli a | rendeiin'g oi.jit " ;1S
.will be given this afternooir.ono may
wait a score of -years to '"hear"'' again",
llecrniann pere plays his
like a' sod," somo big Fronrhman;naj"'s*.
and ' Harold Bauer's Reelhovpir playing
is the" best jWithiii. • local cognizance..
D' Albert] not forsotien"' liyu aisaiipoint
ed much. But. "there 'ls; inor^. Caesar
Franck's Sonata in' A will be' given "for
the first time, a tremendously tine work
by all account. Then the two; Ileer
manns'.'will be -heard in" the 3ach' r So
nata for; two "violins, which. - •by. -t+io
way, Fred '"Maureivat 'their own -con
certs played .Vs ill as he plays : most
things well. Uno knows Bauer |wh'<sn
he gets ' at Bach— my friend Harry
Cowell -^quotes .'sqnio'oncvwho quaintly
dubs-: if "'the wettest. Bach he \u25a0 knows."
I think it: must be;. the ladles "with the
large pompadours who 'sat in front of
me to the Chromatic; Fantasia, said it
,was "cute," , not "to "say "real pretty,"
clapping one- unlovely glove upon : an
other/in surprised applause. * Bach
players do, not get *a " compliment- like
that every day. \u25a0
Mr. Bauer himself will \u25a0 play Chopin's
ballade. in G' $ minur, the L!szt Etude-in D
flat and Brahms' I Capriccio in B minor.
Where was Harold Bauer last-Wednes
day night? Possibly getting his^ vigbr r
ously unsentimental mane? sheared? .No.
Doubtless" studying: the. new Franck
sonata for to-day? : No. »taklng
Jni' "Otello?"' ; "\u25a0.. No. '-. Perhaps .talking '. Art
with : Oscar Weil— who '"; never talks Art
b> r the way, but : who does much . .talk jwlth'
Mr. Bauer? No. Maybe discussing with
Dr. j; Frederick WoUoth.e^Music of, vthe
Ftiture in California? | Guess again.\ Give
it up? • Mr. Bauer, . then, ~ was : chortling
over : "The ', Girl . Engineer.; that is jaglng
at the Central this week.' It) may. be true
and It may not, but they have it up there
that a "voice extremely* like 'Mr. 'Bauer's
genial barytone : sang outi when, tho loco
motive wheels 1 , went round t and the loco-^
motive didn't:-"Sand your tracks!'.' ' .' ,'
ILast! Monday- c\ r enihg i Olga 'Nethersble
returned: to! America after; an absence of
four .years, 'presenting as ,her first: play
"The . Labyrinth,". ;) adapted " from 'the
French .of Paul Hervleu, .arid originally
entitled ;; r "Le 8 Dedalow" \u0084 V Le Dedalc-; ; was
ari" immense /success ;In ''Paris; some : two
seasons '; ago, f and -has . been adapted ,by
W. '- Ll i Coiirtney, . edltor^of ; the. Fortnight-^
ly" Review! and', late "i professor; of. modern
literature at Oxford -University. Vr The. play
coming Fog" (pastel), r "Sunset Beyond 4h e
Hills";, (pastel),'- "The '; Mystic Morn' V (pas
tel)^ VLoma'Ve'rde'% (oil) ,l "Eveningjon the
Marsh", (pastel) i "Gathering; Storm? \ (oil)",
"Chain/ of ~ Lakes"/: (oil); IVEucalyptus at
Twilight" (pastel), "The ' End "of : the Daj'"
(oil) '*',' VSunrlse -on" the "{ Marsh" "(pastel),
"Meditation", ; 3 (oiU,l"Early.' Spring 1 ' -(oil);
Light' and ; Shadow".' (oil) ;.' ; "The-. 'Trees",
(oil), v:. "Woodland Golden V J Gate
Park": (oll)i* "The Corner of the " Meadow",
(pastel):"- ','•'' '." '' . " ! ";' .'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. :^<*J'^o^
• •" * i •\u25a0 •
';'..';On -November j 6 a clever. little French
artist,; Madame ;J.;Junosza',* who has?bceri
struggling v; for'^twoV years}' In r Sanif; Fra'n^
Cisco for j a'^ f oothold,^ will * give /an ] exhibi
tion !of * heri- work iriT oils . and "pastels ;in
theiOccidentaltHotel.
' An ,' illustration ; is produced : to-day/of
a; bltt of /composite,"* called'; VLonesome."
which" I:iritrepretUo:beTa;mirror 'bf'hef.
own '': sorrows,? away} from s home J' and
friends !- arid? 1 vved "\u25a0 ones:"; '! Plucky '• little
woman, :^wearyjnow^jbf,.^the^uneciual
stfugglelamong-strangersr^speaking/a
strange \ language, | she '^ presents^ to ;•; thd
aft-lovlng/public: of T San;
pictures' snet has % painted? thr^fgh"":her
BLANCHE PARTINGTON
was produced; at the ' National Theater,
Washington. D. C. ' •j : \u25a0
\u25a0r Lillian A'bertson,. the very ' attractive
young- Cnlffornlan who was recently with
Denis O'gulllvan," has? received ;: swift
promotion! since she went' East. Mfa's Al
bertso'n went' to take' a "leading part in a
paftfiral nluy put on by Llebler's,* with
tho suggestive title "Eighteen; Miles From
I Io"me." ; That was ' just about what ' it
looked '\u25a0 to Liebler's | after it had been on
for a v.-epk." it "appsarp. They took it off.
But the day.thVy took It off thr firm of
fered *the young Californlan the<lend|ng
woman-Tele in "The Prodigal Son," the
If rill Cainr play in which are appearinK
such people -as Edward Morgan^ Aubrey
IJouclcault,'- William H. Thompson. J. E.
Dod?on and Marie WalnwrighU- Miss Al
bertson's work* has : received/ high praise
in high 'quarters— and the way seems in
deecV-'fair -before' her. : . ]t Ms only four
years ago' that 'this girl front-Fresno first
put foot' upon the* stage, and that at the
AJcazar Theater.,
Joseph' Coyne's stellar' vehicle'has been
selectrd." The clever comedian." who came
Into lavor.herei with- the. Rogers brothers,
will ."appear In 'a revival " oT^ ",The. Yankee
Consul"., under the Savage management,
an"d fwlilbe Veen at the Broadway Thea
ter early this season. This is the piece In,
which! Raymond' Hitchcock scored for the
past two seasons, but he deserted musical
comedy, for "Easy Dawson"; without at
all; exhausting the great popularity •of
"The Yankee Consul." v. / \u25a0
; Suzanne; Santje, who once 'led the fe
male end' of things at the Alcazar, has
achieved a modest starshlp. Miss Santje
Is a, niece of Oom Paul Kruger, it will.be
remembered: She ;is starred by Al S.
Roth in' "Sowing the Wind,'! recently ap
pearing with considerable success :at
Richard .. Mansfield will give hi 3 first
production" of "Don Carlos" next Monday
night ' at Chicago.
•"|: \u25a0• .•
Three of Henry W. Savage's produc-
Uons-"The Prince of, Pilsen," : "The Sho
Gun" and."The College Wldow"-wlll fol
low'each-other at the Columbia. Theater.
George'" Ade's latest musical cojnedy rand
comedy: hits',' respectively.' "The'Sho Gun",
and "The 'College Widow." will come for
th"e r firsf' times.: /' / '
ANOTHER GREAT,
;\u25a0:; /TENOR TS FOUND
'. -The -.world has^found another ;• great
tenor;'^ And,' llkeCampanini, : who was a
blacksmithr Wachtel, who 'was a; cab
driver," and-'Mme.'fScalchl,- who'sold fish
Laura Bride Powers
tears-^and .for the most part they, are
;'.' "V. . ; \ v . '.
;.*4 The^ exhibition will .continue for ,two
•ivedks, and-if it be successful the lone;
ly.r? little !, Parisienhe will ' pack '\u25a0' up ; : her
paints j andj^her*," palette ; and go back ; to,
her * Home-; and; her; loved Tones—^and ;she
longs fori the day -with 'a. longing : that
Is/sad/ "\u25a0\u25a0."„ 'j.'.' ':•'/??\u25a0- '..-\u25a0/, , . . ?iK"-';'\
"'So- if 'you, madam,' or . you, sir, ; are
of \u25a0:' buying 2 a •.' Christmas gift,
drop, in ;at .tlie^Occidental after ' the
sixth-^you". will feel better for it if
you % do. ":-, : * '
X Over., ; at - Schussler's < John M. Gamble
Js'-'exhlbltlngJ his summer /achievements
"Vi-theTexhlbitlonxVunnlng?. two r ."i weeks. 1
-If;, these .wf canvases I show r: the ..growth
that -was JobservableTin Mr. Gamble's
last" exhibition;'/ you'' will; be (amply ;re-|
paldjfor'yourvvislt." ;'-.. :
':. \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0;'\u25a0'." , - '\u25a0 .••'"-'•..\u25a0\u25a0'-• \u25a0- •
*~l? Eugen s Neuhaus ;.is back , again . in ; his
studio ,l at ;T424" Pine' street.% and : i is iplart;"
'ning/an; exhibition: in" his"; rooms.*
,3f,Thl s j s't u rd y j y o ting German ; Is ' prod uc - r
Ing } i ; some ? 3 simple^ \vigorbus, --'; sincere
things; that are ;: bound to; command at
'terition. v V;. ; -: rr r \u25a0\u25a0'-•\u25a0; : " ; '\u25a0 \u25a0;' . -" '\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 - ' -
on' the streets, this new singer, who
may be destined to amaze the operatic
world, has, been found in direst poverty,
a strc'ef'huckster'of^vegetables on the
lower East Slde ? in : "New .'York. . His
nrtine.~was ' Isaac Rputman, , but Isaac
Routman,' the 'huckster, has been trans
formed into Raphael Caruske, the great
teno.r. • in . a . way-that -reads like a 'ro
mance. . - . . •
Bornrin Russian Poland twenty-three
years ago." Caruske-^for. "after the great
tenors. Deßeszke, and Caruso, he" has
been renamed— came to America .a ".few
years ago, . unable' to "speak Knglish.'
For. a- time he 'work CU in a factory at
$5 a'weck. Then,- feeling the need of
fiesh air, for the sake of his voice, he
engaged as a huckster, selling 'vege
tables and fruit, among his compatriots
of the". Ea3t" Side. Oneday he. read In a
paper. of Dr: Holbrook Curtis, the fam
ous throat specialist, who Is" an author
ity on the .voice. '-'He visited him, was
asked to" sing, and ..Dr. .Curtis in amaze
.ment' declared** '"You 'are destined to
become 'greater than Caruso." ' * '•
' The boy.'whose voice is a marvelous-
Iy, sweet tenor of great, strengths was
sent .by' Dr. Curtis to". Manager Charles
Dilllrigham, wlu> 'at once engaged, him
for. Miss jFritzhScheff^s opera company,
to ; appear i_ Jn' ; ."Mlle.* Modiste."., He : made
his. first appearance with Miss Scheff in
Washington' [ lasC'Monday night, and,
after-he.has. learned something of stage
methods."., Mis s :. Scheff. "wljc has sung
with T all ;the. great -operatic singers of
the.-presentday.".will give him instruc
tion. .-Nextt spring. Mr. DilHugham will
scndhlm to Europe, to ''study .for- two
years, -possibly; under . the direction of
Jeande-Resske.-; The boy; transformed
almost -In'- a -night: from 1 al-poora 1 - poor huck
ster:' to .a' great tenor with .unlimited
prospects, can? hardly 'realize 1 his great
good". -fortune*; arid ; acts like . one" In a
dream. ,: l'':. : i.;i' : , * '.""'• ".. "' : .- r
, When- Bernard;Shaw.'the.lrish,philoso
pher s and x playwright,.rattemTited .to ex
plaln^the-^dramas:.;of..-Hehdrik[lbsen, the
Norwegian, i In :, his famous ; little book,
"The r :.Qulntessence. of f lßseri,"/ it : Is likely
he^llttl^thought-.that ,dne; day^. the; same
favor v jwoufd* be done .tor-- his -'own* plays.
? "LONpSOME,'S'A^COMPOSITION- CANVAS PAINTED BY MADAME J.^JUNOSZA.
<;-- A VkkNCH' WOMAN -WHO HAS BEEN A MEMBEK OF THE LOCAL , ART
",. . COLON T ,"; FO R ;_TH E . L.\ST «. TWO TEA RS. : : -..""• ' .
Nevertheless, It : has \u25a0 come .to pass, for
John W. Luce & Co.. of Boston, who have
published several .of Shaw's books, an
nounce a handbook of his dramas. It is
called; f George Bernard Shaw: Hh»
Plays," and". ls designed -for the use of
those theatre-goers who have no time
to. wade through the long Shaw prefaces
and. appendices or to puzzle out the sub
tleties of "Man and Superman" for them
selves.. Very few authors reach the dig
nity-of having books written about them
while they . live: so in this, as in other
things. Shaw stands above his fellow
dramatists. . " • ]
Here ; is what the G. B. S. handbook
says of "Man and Superman," the the
atrical success of the hour in New. York
and lin which Dillinsham is
starring Robert Loralne: - i
' "Measured with rule, plumb-line or hay
scales. , 'Man and Superman' Is easily
Shaw's magnum opus. . In bulk it is
brobdingnagian: in scope It is stupendous;
m' purpose it is one with the Odyssey.
Like a full rigged ship before a spankin?
breeze,' it cleaves the waves deeply, send
ing Cripples far to port and starboard;
and- : its: giant ' canvases rise half 'way
to the 'clouds, with resplendant jibs,
sails. staysails and studdlngsalls stand
ing out like quills upon the fretful porcu
pine. -. . . Its epigrams, quips. jest 3
and quirks are multitudinous;' it preaches
treason to all the schools; Its hero has
one speech of 350 words. . I . ;' It iis a
three-ring circus, with Ibsen doing run
ning high jumps. Schopenhauer playing
the calliope, and Nietzsche » selling pea
nuts In the reserved seats. * And all [the
while Jt is the most entertaining play o<
its generation. . . . "
"All. of this, "verbiage, it should.be
stated, is merely introductory to a \u25a0_ v«»j
entertalnlng analysis of "Man and Superm
an." The. author of the handbook is
Henry L. Mencken, dramatic editor of
the Baltimore Herald." _ .
It is announced that the opening bill
of Mansfield's coming engagement at : the
Grand Opera House will most likely be
his new production . of Schiller's- "Don
Carlos."
Unusual Interest Is shown in New York
in ,\the coming production- by Harrison
Grey Fiske, at the Manhattan Theater,
of Maeterlinck's great play "Monna Van
na." with Madame Kalich . in the title
part. This event will Immediately follow
the engagement of Mrs. Fiske "and the
Manhattan Company in "Leah Klesch
na,** now in progress, and Involves elab
orate plans ,as to production. "Monna
Vanna." in its first year was playing
simultaneously in Berlin, in Vienna and
in St. Petersburg, and in the German
capital it achieved nearly two hundred,
performances at the Deutsches Theater.
Its scene and timer-Pisa at the close of
the Fifteenth Century— give fine scope
for. picturesque stage settings.
Mtftit Carnfalf'x Menagerie.
LONDON, Oct. 28.— Little Miss Car
negie's fondness for pets of all kinds will
In time lead to .the establishment of quite
a menagerie at Skibo Castle. The latest
addition to her collection Is a wolf cub.
It was presented to her by Henry C.
Brooks, a Scotchman living near London,
who has for. some years made a hobby
of taming wolves. Like most Scotchmen,
he is a : devout admirer of Andrew Car
negie. With the cub peacefully following,
him. he appeared at the lodge gates at
Sklbo a : few days ago and asked If he
could seethe laird. The lodgekeeper. who
Is an -ex-London policeman, and was at
one time In charge of a dogs' home here,
eyed Mr. Brooks' four-legged companion
with much curiosity and inquired what
breed ! of dog it was. On being told that
it was not a dog.' but a wolf, the lodge
keeper hastened to summon the nearest
policeman. The policeman decided that
there was no law which justified him in
interfering with a tame wolf. Mr. Brooks
was then allowed to enter the grounds,
but the wolf was detained at the lodge
until the matter had been submitted to
Mr. Carnegie's Judgment. That was. that
the cub should remain at Sklbo, but M!ss
Carnegie will not be allowed to play with
It until Its temper has been thoroughly
tested by the kennel keeper of the estab
lishment.
Lady Cunoa'i Woxk.
" LONDON. Oct. 2S.— Lady Curzon in
tends leaving her mark behind her in
India— -and a good mark, too. Before
she leaves for England she expects tn
complete the project she has had In
hand for some time* for the ' establish
ment of a pensioned nursing service
for Europeans in India. An Institu
tion Is to be formed at every provin
cial capital throughout the country al
which the services of a trained nurse
can be obtained with the least possible
delay. Something of the sort has long
been needed in. India, where English
folk are extremely liable to contract
sudden and dangerous Illnesses.
Graded Flne» . for Rich.
"MUNICH, Oct. 23.— An Augsburg mil
lionaire ; has been fined J2SOO for sending
his auto by rail without declaring that
the tank was loaded with benzine.
Thi3 is reckoned an offense against the
safety •of 1 railways In Germany, and the
highest. fine was Imposed, "as millionaires
do . not mind small ones."
1920
What formerly was a leisure class is
now the busy class— and this especially
pertains to the women.
The movement among the leisure class
to busy itself either for revenue or for
philanthropy had its rise in England
about thirty years ago. at the beginning
of the great social movement led by Will
lam Morris and his confreres. And though
the movement to "do .something, if you
occupy space in the world" did not begin
at the top of the social organism, it
reached the top after many years of edu
cation and persistent agitation. It
reached the top of social by
psychological laws, and^ behold the result
—in London no fashionable woman is
without some definite business, be it head
of a hospital, or of a model school, or
leading a band of lace workers, or of a
tewing class, or of some work whereby
humanity is served. 'And there are those.
Lady Warwick, for instance, who go
Into trade for revenue, pure and simple,
with philanthropy as a polite accessory.
Then tbe movement picked itself up,
called over the ocean, and dropped down
in New York and its bourgeoise suburbs.
It did not thrive for a time— the women
had not yet been surfeited with the in
toxicants of wealth that were drugging
the air about them. They were dragged
about at the behest of this hostess, or
that, ofttimes for no higher motive than
to be used for stepping stones to social
elevation, and where friendship— that rare
and holy» t bond that makes life worth
while— was an element wholly unknown
end unrecognized.
Now comes the revolution.
The utter futility and unsatisfying qual
ities of endless teas, luncheons, dinners,
balls and receptions have penetrated Into
"the souls of the best of Eastern women,
an expression of which is the seeking out,
by Mjs. Clarence Mackay. of the nomina
tion as a school director of the village
school at Roslin, L. I. In a style betok
ening earnestness of purpose she set out
to win the election, which, she did only by
a small majority.
Since that time she has made her influ
ence felt In the school "by keeping a vig
ilant eye upon the details of administra
tion. This "extension of home influence"
is having its effect— not only upon the ef
ficiency of the school, but upon the citi
zenship of th# country thereabouts, and
a promotion of the new civic tpirit every
where.
lv Chicago, too, the movement has
found lodgment. Here large numbers of
rmart young women of. the very best
social position have allied themselves
with Hull House, where they discharge
such duties as are commensurate with
their earnestness, development and time.
Many of these young women, by the way
became workers In the Settlement be
cause the idea of helpfulness appealed to
their emotions. But having once felt the
exquisite thrill of really serving— of doing
some real good for Eomebody— they be
came "workers." devoting a part of each
day or each week to their appointed du
ties.
San Francisco, too, has reached a state
of service— a state where the leisure
women, the maids and matrons of the
smart set are restless unless they have
come definite service to perform; and this
is quite in keeping with the divine laws of
recompense and retribution.
You never saw a happy, maid or mat
ron—one that didn't get periodical at
tacks of "blues"— that gave up all her
days and nights to the Inane demands
of society, euch as teas, where they gos-
Rlp, cards, where they gamble, and din
nere, where they stuff. The soul of the
society girl differs but little from that of
a girl of the plain people, and the need of
Ell eouls Is service— if they would be
happy.
And thus It is that . we find to-day an"
array of smart women In San Fran
cisco doing philanthropic, educational and
cultural work, these interspersed between
their teas, dinners and dances.
And while this- balancing of pleasure
and duty is the only royal road to happi
ness, to have some definite duty r in the
social life about us is to bear the stamp
of smartness.
To be idle to-day is to be dead without
knowing it and out of it socially.
* • •
MONDAY.
Mrs. William H. Jordan and -Miss Alice
Treanor entertained at a tea to announce
the engagement of Miss Treanor to Clar
ence M. Oddie of New York.
Wedding of Miss Helen Brune and Dr.
Fillmore White at "Trinity Church.
Mrs. Peter: D. Martin, hostess at a din- j
ncr in honor of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Goe
let of New York, the affair being held at
the home of Mrs. Eleanor Martin on
Broadway. . \u25a0'•'y_
Musicians' Club held a reception in hon
or of Professor and Mrs. Wolle of Berke-.
ley.
TUESDAY. :
Miss Florence McDcrmott gave a lunch
eon in honor of Mr. and Mrs. Moses Wll
ford Faitoute of New York . .: j
Miss Gertrude Hyde-Smith entertained >
at a small dinner in honor of Miss Helen
Dean. *
WEDNESDAY.
Miss Alma Thane, hostess at an after
noon tea in honor of Miss Evelyn Clif
ford.
. Mr. and Mrs. L. Eugene Lee at home
on Steiner street in honor of Mrs. ] Be
atrice Priest Fine. , ,
Mrs. Walter Sutton, hostess at a tea
at her Sacramento-street home in honor
of Mrs. Arthur Walkington.
Mrs. Herman L. B. Meyer Jr., hostess
at bridge at her home on Pacific ave
nue.
. THURSDAY.
Mrs. William A. Schrock of Oakland.en
tertained at an elaborate reception in hon
or of Mrs. Edward Hall Dodge, the af
fair being held in the club" rooms" of the
Ebeli. \u0084. \u25a0 . -
Miss Bessie Coßhill hostess at a tea in
honor of her debut at her home in Oak
land. l .v;- -j^:u,;
Miss Stella Fortman entertained at a
large tea in hpnor of Miss Jessie McNab.
also announcing her own engagement' to
Dr. T. Edward Bailly.
FRIDAY. : '
Mrs. P. T. Sprague entertained the
auxiliary ; of the Infants' Shelter at a
five hundred "party at her home -on
Green street.' • t
Miss Nell Rose Baggett gave a card
party in. her mother's apartments at St.
Dunstan's In .honor of Miss Ursula
Stone.
;MlsB Rachel Warren ; entertained at
an informal tea at her home on \u25a0 Cali
fornia at Lacuna street. ...
.; . .-: SATURDAY. /-' .. ' :
First Assemblage of the Saturday
Evening: Dancing Club, the patronesses
being Mrs. James Potter .. Lan gnome,
Mrs. George A. Moore, Mrs. - Wakefleld
Baker, Mrs. Louis T. Monteagle and
Mrs. George; Ashton. \u25a0'",.•\u25a0 : '.-'.': r •;,... •
Miss Claire Nichols, hostess at a tea.
at her home on Broadway in > honor: of
the Misses Brewer of . San 'Mateo. ' •"
Even . Burlingame is not immune '. <to
the tribulations of -the bourgeoisle^r-to
both in like measure come "the 'griefs
of disappointment, for ;behold- the: Bur-
Ilngame Club's chagrin "at Alice Roose
velt's determination not to be enter
tained. And that was ' a shamel-^-a
shocking lack of consideration on 'the
part"> of \u25a0 Miss Alice, inasmuch as the
club had rushed the completion of the
new wing of its: clubhouse, .'every
Blingumlte's valet had pressed his mas
ter's trousers afresh, ; and: the women
thereabout "had \u25a0 been '"holding' se
ances -with their gown-builders— 'and
the little .girl said nay. .She . Jwas
tired, frankly.; tired/ and she looked 1 the
part. Pale and thin— almost anaemia—
THE SAN/FRANGISGO^ CALL, SUNDAY. OCTOBER:, 29, ,1905;
the chic little daughter of the .Presi
dent, looked- as; If- she' stood In need of
a rest cure rather than a reception or a
ball. Hence the ; disappointment of the
Burllngameites— of such of them Vas are
tuft-hunters, and ; it 'ls'. Interesting/,. _to
note that not all of .these are women.'
Of course to have' entertained" Miss
Roosevelt while- here ; In : conspicuous
fashion would be \ to i establish one's
prestige in Washington and to bring
to the. President's .notice such /'emi
nent"-;, Callfornians— for.- Mr. \u25a0 Roosevelt'
is sometimes in need of a Pacific Coast
man * for* a iobi' diplomacy, for "instance,
And, the truth to tell, he might not go
so far and fare a great deal; worse./
But back to the • little traveler, 'who
has had the most unique and useful ex
perience of any girl of modern times.' She
was glad to get back; to America, and
gladder to get back home. -
Those thrilling episodes of her jour
ner^—her V the/dlve ; Into the
tank aboard ship, -her .stirring:; up of
ecclesiastical strife-; In";- Manila/ her
"priceless" gifts' from; ebon -; potentates,
all these, she-declared, with a -pretty
toss *ot'i. her shapely ' head, '.'were stupid
and untrue." - - > / / * ;
About ' Congressman Longworth?
'Those -who "areV- pretty - well" in
formed—ror who; think' they ;are--de
clare that'the interesting; young; states-'
man hadn't" af fair/show.,- to i win fout;
that . ' successful •> lovemaking.;; requires
concentration, >nd : there was too '; much
aistra'ction; on the? trip \ to -enable; him
to conduct'a good campaign. ? . \u25a0«
- It Ms; said,\ howeyerrfby ; ; the Ohioan's
friends* that ; since Jhe^hasMnb/serlbui
rival his chances are' good. *
. iThe only people \ln > town - that saw
Miss, Roosevelt I . were thejPeter*: Martins;
who: went; out; in"a" Government ? tug* to
meet".- the^ Siberia;:; while at/the /dock;
several : hundred] friends had 'gathered^
borne- down i with !,vloletsVand ''roses— to
give the : young woman 1 ireeting. = • But
TO BE
SMART
YOU
MUST
BE
BUSY
SALLY
SHARP
... . . - ~ ; ttt; .. . \u25a0«-
MOTHER;- OF'RBCEXT' BRIDE,/ A
BERKELEY "/BRIDE' -'AND A
YOUNa SOCIETY. WOMAN. — »
even while they walted.sheihadalready
reached / the / Oakland '' for Her
hurry-up ' trlp> homewards "And:" the
.roses and violets : rested? not -in ;the^f air
hands ; of . ; the •\u25a0 little' "American ? princess."
.Among the interesting folk that came
over -on, the Siberia .were Robert/Goelet
and ; Vhis :'stuonlng/bride;v;whorrpassed
: through!- here; ln«v th'eT spring,'- bent; on
theirJioneymoonttrip. ''\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\Vj-[ ';, . ,
A -queen " 1b \u25a0 this i] young - millionaire's
bride— with : four; maids _ to attend^ her ; on
her trip > over.l the, seas, .i It ; : is ; an i inter •.
estin'gi fact -that*i Miss /Alice .struggled,
along ,wlth one. ;•; . . ; ; S
\u2666 .% - •','.*'\u25a0! •'
' .;Mrs.; Peter 'Mar tin,' who, was a girl
hood!; friend /of ; Mrs. yGoelet/ and'; with
.whom -she pha red "social distinctions at
Newport,;; entertairied^.the^i tourists/ at
dinner on t Monday; liight'atth'e; home of
-Mrs. fEleanor? Martin;"-' ;. ': \u25a0\u25a0'
;.\ Dinners,'', in /the > abstract, are • prosy
and • ; ? i soporific, .;. but > >Mre. Peter's—
.wellAthe^p^rsonalfeleniont^enters into
all ot iheri affairs/; aiVdJ to sth'at/ quite; as
much f as j tocher '.beauty,^ does
she ?.o we,V her.^social Jj* supremacy. -;/ 1 She
possesses a 'certain jdegree'of democracy
that: ls' in: almostlhuinoro^us contrast, to
her; languid JdignltyT^anlan^l thesis: thkt
makes/ heria complex ibeauty. '.?.'. \u25a0-'-. // >v<>
-Weddirigs' are always >; fascinating,
• :v w \u25a0\u25a0'•*.•'-•••\u25a0•-•-\u25a0-- *\u25a0*\u25a0»-" \u25a0•• »..._..-\u25a0- w ,
George Bernard Shaw to the contrary—
if love be the medium of exctiange. , '
l.\ It, is -only "in accessories they differ,
some* weddings having; falser settings
than others. Of !. recent : . affairs . there
have ' been -, none- showing . prettier ' de
tail;! than the: ceremony of Miss Helen
Brune " and Dr. \u25a0 Fillmore , White, cele
brated'on-Monday night; at Trinity. ' •
; The Introduction of the choristers'
Lohengrin - and \u25a0 the prayer was a . beau
tiful ; feature : and ; did " away ..with : the
funereal;- impression of the .usual organ
rendition— -"which 'Is sometimes \so
solemn; ; so ' lugubrious 'and " dirge-like
as to* give one the "shivers, and to sug
gest "the; approach;, of a "funeral /train
rather than: a" gay -wedding (party. ; *
1 'The : chancel : never ; looked '. prettier than
In its dress of green and white, and with
the bridal party before ' it, made' an allur
ing picture; ! J \u25a0
vThe.- bride, . a tall, distinguished . looking
blonde •of S fine -; coloring, - was, ' of . course,
very y fetching ; In : her ; nuptial v robes •- and
\ veil :' her; maid of . honor. Miss Alice',Hue
ter.Vequally tall- and ;. : of fine of
carriage, ; made -a ; stunning honor-maid . In
a; lace- robe • over .pink • chiffon. - : Then \ the
four dainty j? little bridesmaids , that .fol
lowed i were' gowned ';' alike in - pale ;. pink
frocks,; with > fetching ; little ; of
roses. tucked atop their, pompadours.
,The. ushers?
(':' They .were \u25a0 all ; fine looking chaps," every
dne; ; but;at ,weddings,t>men don't count
not ,at that .particular : hour ; i but ' all '.the
rest of J Hf ei >, before ? and ?. after, the men
hold V- the ; center, of/ « the V stage-^-this .' the
sole? hour; of Retirement." ' V;^,
A-matter. of T comment at the wedding
,was > the; youth and \ charm "of \ the • mother,
of ; the ;brideJTMrs." Ernest- II ; *Hueter, , who
looked I scarcely^ more Xthan " a ; . bride her
self.'* in ! a : lace } robe * over palo : blue /satin.
Tho; reception at home ;on
Howard i street, J near "Nineteenth, was fa
delightful affair, at .which 150 guests were
present;.;":^ ,'/ i .:'-- : -. ''. . " . :-.''*\u25a0&,*%£:
; . After ja • short visit/ In /.the ; southland—
the", land ' of * brlde3 " and orange blossoms—
Mr. and Mrs.' White will reside with Mrs.
White, the mother of the groom, until
the completion of a dear little dove cot©
on a wooded hillside of Mill Valley.
}
An avalanche of betrothals have swept
over- us during the week— much to the
delight of the crockery man. Yes, some
daring individuals have broken away
from the imbecility of- the eternal "cup
and saucer" gifts, but alas! we are so
very much like sheep in the mechanism
.of our minds.
. The first maid to announce her betroth
al was Miss Alice Treanor to Clarence
Oddie. the next Miss Sophie Borel to John
M. Lewis, and the third Miss Stella Fort
mann to Dr. T. Edward Bailly; and a
likelier lot of girls could not be found In
the countryside. As. for the men. they
all seem to be eligible chaps. Mr. ,Lewi3
and Dr. Bailly being the best known to
most of us.
Mr. Lewis, who has won the promise of
Miss Borel. is a. college mate of Aylette
M. Cotton Jr., who is the fiance of Miss
Sophie : Borel. .
What a felicitous affair their double
wedding will be!— whicn.wlll follow soon
after the return of the Borels from Switz
erland, whither they go In December to!
pass the holidays in ' their chalet among
the hills.
"••'• '•\u25a0\u25a0 -
On Saturday next will be heard the blast
of the bugler to announce the real open
ing of the winter of '05 and '06; for know
ye all that upon that -. date will the de
bonair leader of the Friday Night Club.
Ned Greenway; celebrate his birthday by
a dinner and dance at the Palace, and all
society, will be there— in bonny new
frocks. ,
V \u25a0• \u25a0 \u25a0 • • • . \u25a0 i \u25a0 ."
The Sequoia-- Club, had a beautiful
time on Thursday, night, when the
care-free days of the senorita. the car
aller, the caballero were lived again,
and the jingle of the caatlnet and the
tinkle -of the' guitar lured the merry
dancers to their feet. As for the grace
of la Jota and the cachucha and
the alluring fandango, as danced by
Seqiiolans; It takes on a new meaning
' _but it was fun.' good fun-
Next' Thursday Miss Geraldlne Bon-'
ncr will be entertained at a reception.
The marriage of jMiss Alice Senger and
Thomas Boyd " Hutchins took place last
Wednesday evening at the home of the
bride's parents. Professor and" Mrs. Sen
ger, in Berkeley.
Only, the families were present at- the
ceremony, \u25a0; which took place at 5 o'clock,
but a reception included a large number
"of guests. / _^.
The; bride was attended by her sister,
Mrs.": Dudley ( Saeltzer, \ Mr. Hutchins * be-.'
ing served by Ernest Unscott, Rev. John
; Howland \u25a0 Lathrop reading.
i' The bride is the daughter of J. H. Sen-.
ger,,who fills the chair of German at the
University of s California.
" ; Mr. Hutchins comes or & well-known
California ' family ;. of "' early days and has
an extensive acreage of orchard land' in
Butte County. CA f t er a wedding trip" ' Mr.
and; Mrs. 1 , Hutchins will .live at Gridley,
wher© a lovely home awaits them.- "
; One of the attractive maids who. will
go; about, considerably; this .winter is
pre tty. j Eleanor ' Page, - daughter iof Mr.'
and . Mrs. E. W.^, Page 'and : granddaugh
ter of Dr.- Nightingale." ; Like many
others . of , last ' year's . debutantes; she has
made an early, beginnlqgr of the present
season."-. - >, '
ii .Mrs. /Jack',Tallant" is ; contemplating
an; Eastern .trip; for -the winter," though
Is not decided as to exact: plans;' -/
; jMiss ;Elsie",Tallant will -not .accom
pany her Smother.-;
Mrs. >Emma , Butler : will '., entertain . ' at
bridge within the next few days, the af
fair to take place at. the home of Mrs.
Butler's mother. Mrs. Henry Clarenca
Breeden. on Broadway.
MiS3 Evelyn Clifford Is. receiving,
much attention In honor of her engage
ment to Sylvanus Farnham and will #
have a gay winter with all the danee 3
to come and other affairs In the process
of preparation.
Miss Alma Thane, who Is a clos4
friend of the young bride-to-be. Is gtsr".
ing a series of teas. Including, by d\~
grees all the wide circle of acquaint
ances.of Miss Clifford.
Last Friday the third tea took place,
amount the guests being - Miss El3la
Clifford. Miss Louise Stone. Miss Hilda
Van Slcklen. Miss Edna Mlddleton. Misj
Bessie Bates. Miss Scofleid - and Mia 3
Ruth Morton.
• • •
The Ebell Club rooms in Oakland were
the /scene of a brilliant affair Thursday
afternoon when Mrs. Edward Hall Dodge
was made the honored guest by Mrs. Wil
liam. A. Schrock.
The ' affair took the form of a recep- •
tion and musicale and Included a. large
number of Oakland's elite, who warmly
greeted Mrs. Dodges (Miss Laymance).
Beside several piano and vocal soil, a
stringed orchestra added the sweetness
of Its strains during the moments of con
versation. The rooms were beautifully
prepared for the occasion, which was one
of the . very smart affairs of ' the season.
A large receiving party, assisting Mrs.
Schrock In the entertainment of her
guests, included the , following matrons
and maids:
Mrs. M. J. Laymance. Mrs. E. J. Dodge,
Mrs. E. B. Potter. Mrs. George A. Inne*.
Mrs. Frederick Morse, Mrs. I. A. Beretta.
Mrs. W\ H. Wlelbye. Mrs. H. B. Mehr
mann. Mrs. J. Walter Scott. Mrs. R. C.
Craft. Mrs. Fred Butters. Mrs. Wallaco
Pond, - Mrs. Gilbert Curtis3» Mrs. E. «^i
•Boyes. Mrs. Ernest Boyes. 31r5.l Elu*<>*.
B. Davis. Mrs. Henry Bull. Mrs. George
Fisher,. Mrs. W, F. Burbank. Mrs. Ar
thur . Holland. Mrs. Joseph Matthews,
Mrs. George B. Gray.' Mrs. W. W.. Crane.
Mrs., Edward. Wh'itehead. Mrs. Robert
Boyar, Mrs. Oscar Luning. Mrs. George
Humphrey, Mrs. Hammer, and . Miss
Blanche Laymance. Miss -Julia Williams.
Miss Anna Lelmert. Miss Alice Brittoa
and Miss Charlotte Elsey.
Mrs. 'Beatrice Priest-Fme enjoyed a de
lightful though "informal gathering in her
honor last 'Wednesday evening at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Lee.
f*^fo,OUß PATRONS I
I On November Ist D*Orlaa will tax* S
S-' . pc»»*»»t<>n of Its eleirantly appointed M
;* eatablt?hrnent In'tSa Union - League gj
S butWlrg,- northwest corn«r PoM and Rj
Stockton streets. The superior e<ialp- S-*
!^ ; m«nt of. this store, tosether with tfte STI
J --exclusive methods of skilled attend- "^J "
. anu/ Insure patrcna the highest Ord?r »
s ; of toilette work. The present location
In th« Starr, Klnic building wIU »>•
s^ .'maintained until time 01 removal.. 3
s; • D'Orlan \u25a0- Cle prr para tlons al- , a
3^^ \u25a0/-\u25a0'. \u25a0w»».|l» % ;«toek. \u25a0Oriental Rugs and Lace Curtains
Greatly Reduced Prices
w * 'PREVIOUS TO MOVING ;
House Furnishing Department to Second Floor, in Order to
Make Room for Toys
Which Will Occupy the
Entire Third Floor
A GREAT CLEARANCE SALE
Oriental Rags, Lace Curtains || Draperies
\u25a0 :
WILL be HcLU
Sale Will Commence Monday, Oct. 30
See Post-Street Windows
S\ Cor. Post &Kearny Sts.
MAKES CHARGE
OF CONSPIRACY
Charging Harry F. Hartzell, Charles
H. Pool and Charles C. Boynton, former
president, cashier and secretary respec
tively of the Golden State Bank, with
conspiracy to defraud the stockholders
of the institution, the bank, through
Douglas S. Watson, now president of the
Institution, filed suit to set aside a con
veyance of property, disposed of through
the operation of the alleged conspiracy,
to James C. Meyers at a price $20,000 be
low Us actual market value.
Joined as defendants with the alleged
conspirators are Wallace A. Hcuts and
A. S. Crowder, former directors of the
Institution, James C. Meyers, the pur
chaser of the property in question, and
Philip E. Bowles, president of the Amer
ican National Bank. Watson alleges that
last July a meeting of the directors, Hart
zell, Pool, Boynton, Houts and Crowder,
was called to discuss the advisability of
disposing of a piece of. property belong
ing to the bank and located at the corner
of California and Polk streets. At that
time, it is said, the directors agreed that
it tvculd be to the best interests of the
Bank to sell the property in question, all
of the directors affixing their signature
to a. resolution to that effect, but this
ended the connection of Houts and Crow
der with the deal.
At a later date, it is allrged. Hartxo.ll,
Pool and Boyntnn gnt together and after
completing their conspiracy to sell the
property below the market value, in fact
well knowing its actual value and making
vn effort to dipnese of it at its true v*alue.
»<=t a price of $70,000 upon it, and took
Ifpyrra into their confidence, who. it Is
*Uejred, did not act for himself, but as
an ag?nt for President Bowles of the
American National Bank.
Then, it is alleged, th«>y completed ne
gotiation for the disposal of the prop
erty to Meyers, as agent for Bowles, for
JTO.OfW and convoyed the property to him
for that sura. Watson alleges that when
this <3ra! was carried through by the prin
cipals thpy well knew that they were act
ing in fraud of the rights of the stock
holders of the institution, as the property,
the pialntlft alleges, would readily bring
536,000 in open market.
Watson asserts that he has tendered
to Meyers a return of the $70,000 In con
sideration of th« reconveyance of the
property, but that he refuses to accept
the came. Insisting: upon keeping- the real
ty In question. In conclusion Watson
prays that the defendants be compelled
to reconvey the property to the plaintiff
corporation upon the payment to the pur-
tj Bam I l^bl iW wi M *^i
11 SOMETHING TO KE£P YOU WARM U
li For winter will be here on schedule time or perhaps a little pj
R ahead. Better take up the wool nnriem enr question now and ft
p save money. Wool Is going up in price every day, so come to us M
»j at once and outfit for the cold, weather. . .'.';•\u25a0 o
I UNDERWEAR. I
|-i Our own make Women's. Sleeveless Vests, pur*e w001. . . T. ..gi OO - B
o Our own make Women's Sleeveless Veets. half wool ."* TOe 'H
|| . Lisle Vests from 2f>t*|Silk Vests from jet H
|| Men's Garments in many varieties * M
U -•-. '-SI, SI.US. «1.75. 82 each and up i^B
[j SWEATER BLOUSES ' 1
y For "Women 84. 00 up j For Girls. •••52.70 H
f? . Pure Lambs' Wool ' |1
| SWEATERS A|J5 JERSEYS '•\u25a0
II For Men, Boys and Children. Xone better made; prices are rlg-ht. g
ji SOe Women's Neckwear now .25c M
H . Shirt Waists, Women's and Men's Hosiery In large assortments; tj
m novelties consta-ntly received. ; 0
|{ S SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAYS i
I KNITiIriNGOO. s see> cc I
%' \u25a0\u25a0 mMMmmnmammmmnamamßaimmmmKmmJ^-\
RAISCH'S ATTORNEYS ATTACK :
THE FEDERAL. IXDICTMEXT
Contend Thnl It Is \ol Applicable to
Defendant Even If He Committed
Acta as Charjgrd.
Former Deputy County Clerk Wil
liam C. Raisch, indicted for selling
fraudulent certificates of naturaliza
tion, withdrew his plea of not guilty
yesterday in the United States District
Court and through his attorneys, Bert
Schleslnger and Samuel M. Shortridge,
interposed a demurrer to the Indict
ment on the ground tha.t It does not
charge the accused with the commis
sion of any offense.
The section of the United States Re
vised Statutes under which the indict
ment was drawn makes it an .offense
for an applicant for naturalization or
any person acting- as a witness for
such applicant to sell a certificate of
naturalization or to" do any of the
thiflgs which the United States District
Attorney's office atempts to set forth
were done by Raisch. As Raisoh was
neither an applicant for naturalization
nor a witness for un applicant, it is
contended by his attorneys that the
law cannot be applied to him.
Strut Ladles!
* 17 years ago J rertucid my weight 53 poueds.
bust 8 Inches.' wain 6 Inches, and hips 10
inches, by a. elmpJe harmless remedy. Health
perfect. No exercise, no wrinkles, no starving,
I will tell you how. Inclose p tamp. Sirs. Diana
Aives. 62 Elgin Park. San Francisco. Cal. •
Girard* Held to Answer.
Exnil Girards, charged with having
written an obscene letter to United
States Secret Agent G. W. Hazen, was
held to answer yesterday by United
States Commissioner Heacock. Bail
was fixed at $1000, In default of which
Girards went to Jail. United States
Secret Service Agertt Foster testified
that Girards had confessed to him that
he had written and mailed the letter
because he was angry with Hazen for
having thrashed him.
Ask the man who knows. The American
Cigar, made by Regrensburg, is the best.*
Would Clear OS College Hill.
Commissioner of Works Aigeitinger
yesterday announced his intention to
request permission from the Sheriff
and Board of Supervisors to have the
prisoners of the County Jail clear off
the debris on College Hill. The United
Railroads has agreed to haul the dirt
away and the arrangement If carried
out will not entail any expense on tho
city. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-f-i
chaaer of $70,000 or that they be com
pelled to pay to the plaintiff corporation
$20,000, the difference In the price accept
ed for the property and what is alleged
to be its actual market value.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, , SUNDAY; OCTOBER . 29 r 1905;
ENDS HIS LIFE
WITH A BULLET
John B. Garrell committed suicide in
his room /at the Denver House, 217 Third
street, yesterday morning. The bedmak
er, J. A. Johnson, found him dead In bed
about 8 o'clock, with a revolver
grasped tightly in his right hand" and a
bullet hole in his right temple. The.Cor
oner's office was notified and Deputy. Cor
oner Meehan removed; the body to the
Morgue.
Garrell left the following note: "San
Francisco, Cal.— To whom it may con
cern: This Is to notify you my home Is
in Terre Haute, Indiana. My father was
Christ Garrell, my brothers are August,
Henry and Ernest, my sisters Carrie and
Lizzie. I . was. born at Cincinnati, Ohio,
in 1857." He left a sealed. letter addressed
to his brother at Terra Haute.
Among his. papers were found. a certifi
cate of deposit for $2000, dated February
11. 1905, with LAdd & Tilton, bankers,
Portland: a bank book of the Spokane and
Eastern Trust Company, . showing a sum
to his credit of $1296 42, the last deposit
having been made on January 1, 1905, and
a bank book of the Canadian Bank of
Commerce, savings bank department,
showing deposits to his credit of $2579 S6,
the last having been made on December
l, 1904. ',' • \u25a0.-\u25a0: ,:; — • \u25a0 ; \u25a0
From letters it appeared that he ; had
been engaged In mining at one time and
also In the fruit commission business. A
letter from H. J. Shlnn & Co., fruit
commission merchants In Spokane, dat^d
July 13 last, and addressed to Sacramento,
expressed regret over, hearing of his Ill
ness, and set forth that if -he thought of
returning to Spokane they would give
him employment. .
Garrell had been living at the Denver
House for the past three months. Very
little was known about him there. It
Is supposed that in a fit of dpspondency
caused by illness he shot himself. \u25a0
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 25.-7-J; B. Gar
rell, who committed -.suicide in San Fran
cisco to-day, was for several y^'ars. in
the employ of a .local- firm as packer.
His associates knew little of his anteced
ents, though he Is known to have, pos
sessed a considerable sum of money. He
came to this city from Spokane. He was
a man of .good habits and was supposed
to have been unmarried.
Stop! ;^:-
Shoes to match your dress at Burns',
*112 GeaVy street. \u2666
AOBL.AMEKOK COLLISION
BETWEEN DAY STEAMERS
Supervising Inspector Exonerate* Pilots
of Phoenix uad' Oakland for;. '
Bumping In a Yog.
Supervising Inspector John Berminjr
ham has addressed the following note
to United States Local Inspectors Bolles
and Bulger concerning the collision in
the bay on October '2s -between- the
steamers Oakland and " Phoenix:
"I have read the sworn statements of
the officers; of said steamers, from
which it appears' that; both, steamers
were at the time being navigated with
due caution. Therefore, as no time was
lost or no one_ injured, and as no serl-'
ous damage" seems to have occurred to
the hull of either vessel, an official in
vestigation.of that : case by your board,
unless" requested by the owner of Lone
or both steamers, seems to be unnec
essary." % '-'-: ':- ?
Stephens la Promoted.
- - Charles A. ' Stephens,':-- acting', deputy
customs collector and ' boarding -officer,'
has; been : promoted '.two' grades ; at"one
promotion,, something^ unusual 'in the
service, "and his .salary 'has ;been 'In
creased: from $1600.tb $2^)oo. per annum.
.The .was^ made; by -the'
Treasury V Department •JuponV,^ recom
mendation of Customs^ Collector .Strat
ton. who expresses, himself "very :' % well
pleased .with ; Mr/: Stephens'; tactful. and
diplomatic manner of \u25a0'. receiving? dlitlri-*
guished visitors and extending to \u25a0 them,'
in the name of , the : Collector," the courf;
tesies usual" on suchtoccaslohs.' '* ;
Wants ; lII* Father A rrented.
; Richard ;F.; F. Murray, 1 7i years t of
living at 406 Greenwich street, ob
tained ? a .war ran 1 7 from * Pol Ice I C Judge
Mogan {yesterday ; for' the arrest : of J his
father,. Charles; P.T Murray, Vorr. a charge
of- failure to: provMe.% .The boy V says
that-lils -father; spends all- of, 'his : earn-*
ings for drink and* is 'In> the? habit of
driving :the' family.; Into* the street at
thepoint of 'a revolver. .-*" '
PAXTON LOSES
THE JUDGMENT
Court Orders Him to Pro
vide for Maintenance of
His Afflicted Children
GBAHAM DECIDES; CASE
Holds That the" Statutes
Place Legal Obligation
Upon Delinquent Parents
Superior Judge Graham has ordered
Blita W. Paxton, 'th^ Santa Rosa cap
italist to supply funds for the mainten
ance of his afflicted children, Roma and
John W. Paxton. \/,Th"e -plea of JPaxtoh
that tha flight of the years had depleted
his bank account. and lefthlm with but
sufficient income to properly provide for
his-presenf wffe and -' the child that Is
theirs availed him not. ;\u25a0 :
Basing his opinion of the condition of \u25a0
Paxton's rtnances on. ..the fact that for;:
many- years he paid his children | $100 a \u25a0
mOnth and paid it promptly, showing that
he had no,difficulty>in commanding; such
a sum., when It pleased him" to do / so,
Judge Graham directed that he .continue
to make such payments, th<i : same 1 to
date from last June when the -children
filed their action In \u25a0an effort- to -'save
themselves from becoming public charges. -
In his opinion Judge. Graham, says:*,,:-;
. "John W. Paxton and Roma' W. Pax^',
ton ha ve brought separate actions against j
their father and mother to j compel them;;
to> make suitable allowance. v ,"for.;~- their
maintenance and support; Johii .W. alleg-;
Ing that he is totally blintli'and Hpnia
W. that she is sick and ..poor; and' that
neither of them is able to wbrlc to" main-;
tain and support himself or herself. \-' V
\u25a0"It is the duty of the father.* the mother,;
and the children of any poor person*, who ;
is unable to maintain himself by "work: to i
maintain such person to the: extent;: of
their ability. The promise of, (an ; adult
child to pay for the necessaries previously,
furnished to such parent is binding.
Pending the hearing of these actions, on :
their merit, John W. and. Roma VV. Pax
ton have made- application to. this, court
for a temporary'allowance for their main
| tenance and support. "'.
QUESTION OP OBLIGATION.
"The question presented to this court
for its consideration is: Does 'Section.SOfi
of tho Civil Code create a legal obliga
tion on the part of. the parents to support
their, children who. by reason of. -their
infirmities, are unable" to maintain them
selves by work? • - •_ -T- y-\ .
"This proposition is easy of t solution,
and under the statute of this State must
be answered in the affirmative. Defend
ants strenuously conTend that Section- 206
of th« Civil Code simply creates a moral
obligation;' and that. th,e remedy for the
enforcement, of the .obligation, is want
ing.. The definition of; moral: obligations
is-nofthe subject.bf. the'Code.^iThe Code
defines legal obligations Tsnb;; ; and wher
ever a legal - obligation^ Is.:* defined' by^ the
Code thfr lianje -Cnde.T provides i./a^remedy
for. its enforcement.''- v«."..-- : ;m-'>- I'X
"I 1 shall riot di.sciiss common law
remedies' because the;case' does- notV re
qujro .It.'; California, comes within 'the
category? gf ; those States | that', proyiae
a" procedure" by 'which \u25a0."parents," '-\u25a0'* who
have: children \u25a0 who' ar^funabi^ 4 tp .-main
tain themselves by workiby >t reason of
thelr^ihflriTVitlc8 >;: may ;'beV^qi» p«lled Xo
supply 't futur.e;''support i ?f6r*»the r m, and
that 1 procedure vis to ,beifouVxd.-,in sec
tlori;:i42S 6f -the Civilr'CDde.yand con-
Bl"stii:df a civil, action or -proceeding.
"It practically;'<conceded^that, the
plaintiffs, John W./and', Roraa'W. Pax
ton, "are both physically'*/' unable '\u25a0'.'., to
maintain themselve^s^ by work. ' :
recently in .the case'; of-. Chariot ta'--;N.
Collins '"agHinst ICfeor'ee D. Collins, "an
action, for maintenance; this court laid
down -the .broad doctrine, which" is am
ply supported by the. decisions of the
Supreme Court . ot'.thls.'jState, that
wherever a/right- exists and there Is
nbMegal remedy,' equity .will ? take" Jur
isdiction, and If possible, "grant the", re
lief sought./' :';: ' ; •• v ,^:;'.' \u0084:..\u25a0,',.*/ : ,
DOORS OF. EQUITY OPEN. -
"It would, be'iagrainst, every, principle
of Justice arid .equity to par mi t r a/. hus
band, to turn his.w-ife^orihis children,
wlieh sick. -poor 'and unable^ to "main
tain 'themselves ;by 'work.'- f- into
streets to sta rye or, depend on the char
ity of ' the, community. .' -.The' ; doors, of
courts of equity have always been and
3*9 Worth of Furniture %50
& and Carets fbr v 1 *— W-
:-•; .'^i-;.":%Br-- J ;i \u25a0...•,:. \u} ....\u25a0..\u25a0;*- : T;;--. \u25a0 .;: ' \u25a0 Per Week
'. H eayy AH -Wool Blankets — 11 4 v size;' ;
i: : .guaranteed all wool, regularly
; S--^ s special /.: . . . V . : ; . $5.00.
::;j^g^3'sr%Down.'.. ; \u0084.-v . \u25a0 j^\ . \u25a0 \u25a0 '.. •\u25a0\u25a0
; ; / \u25a0\u25a0'•\u25a0' \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0' :' \u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0' - ' w $1 a Week - : .-> ; jfT\- * '
®: . DALVTI'" PRINCESS DRESSER— In
OAK ;*SXTE?r SIOX TABLE— quarter-sawed oak; genuine oval
6 feet long; regular price 58.60. .French plate .mirror;; swell ser- *
Special .:......:...... .. ..$5.00 Pentine. front; Vegular $25.00/ Spe- '
81.00 Down.: SI.OO a W«ek. ; ; cial \u0084W.: :..:... ::.. ... .$1 5.00^"
;. ,^ ; \u0084 .. .' .; • ;; yilOO Down. ffl.OQ a W>ek.
solid quarter- . T - "TT" ".*" .*& -
say/ed OAK pp 3 *^?"^ i|i C \u25a0 \ '
; '- aTTtc. V '^^n sideboard. '\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0>;':." "\u25a0' :i '.'."-
'\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 Vf* - \u25a0 N |f''J with ./genuine >' '. .
\u25a0 UJi' ;^ V French plate " U \ <-| !\u25a0 t'i ; \u25a0\u25a0 i j
qS^LI-yLjSHIL mirror,' - swell i- <M 'ty \u25a0'*\u25a0*\u25a0•' •*•\u25a0-' |^J" . .j": ', ;"' | '
-:.^-.1/;,;,-;^nv,:-vr:V -\^- Ty c s K : IROjr BED— Brass, top. rail, r mallea- .
• 1 - r^---- |nr^ l 7*gTTT!T^7r«iHiT3T^ ' ble iron castings; regular J9.00.
( L Sl.OO Down. SI.OO a i '\Veekf
\u25a0•"GnANITE^AUTsSaUAftE-i-In^beau- -.'.-< .'.'^Sisii^-^^' .- :^^'-' - •
; tlful floral^ Persian 7 and k Oriental FnVTT: SET— Beautiful floral / de-
patterns:, regular $6.50. ; Special .-. sign; gold : rim; complete set , of 7
;:..*. .-.-.\u25a0.\u25a0.•...-; . . ••'•/.w:.v.-:';vfl3.7r» ;vpiecesr;^:v;:.-vrr;*.V.rvT^:V:7-.40c; vpiecesr;^:v;:.-vrr;*.V.rvT^:V:7-.4Oc-
T. BRILLIANT S3?&s&
PERIHITS BANK
TO OPEN DOORS
President of Golden State
1 Bank Files an Action tq
Set Aside a Conveyance
ACCUSES EX- DIEECTOES
Asserts That They
of . Property > Far Below
Its Actual /Market Value
The Bank Commissioners, Deputy
Attorney General aturtevant and the
new board- of i direci6t : i ol the United
ißank aim 'X'rustjCompany 'now enterr
talu the ;ex:pectatxon tnat. the. United
.Bank and Tru^t Company re^uma
business next l'uesuay. "The anuounce
.lnent :was;maae Uant •evening, by Mr.
biurtevant." \u25a0 " :. • ;' . -.':"';- 'A
';..'-. 'l'hbee': principally; interested lv ,the
affairs 'ottflfe cjpmpahy sliice trie Com
mißsionerS . oraered [\ its Uoors closed
have " . succeeded in \u25a0 ! ai'rangtng for tne
money, that is heeded to pay evtry "de
positor, in tull, : according to the ataie
ments ' Mr. .'bturtevant, and have
gained ? the;- permission of the Bank
Commiaslonera-: to resume as soon as
certain conditions are fulfilled.
'The board of directors naflf been re
organized -and now- includes Messrs.
Freeman, Moise, Helblng and former
Bank' Commissioner fuller, iviyers,"
the former ipresideotV and' member or
the* board of directors, has resigned us
r djrector and. president. The ortice ot
president has been tilled by the elec
•tion' of 1. -^'r.^eman. \ The olhce ot man
ager is still .vacant: \u25a0>.\u25a0'.
V- 'X'ne> directors have j definitely agreed
to\ separate the real estate .department
from' the , bank and" also to close tnd
branches of \u25a0 the bank in this city and
in Alarneda.' This was "also demanded
by the Bank Commissioners.
'.During the past: week, said Mr.
Sturtevant.vthe :Urilted .Bank and.Trust
Company has raised $48,000 in cash and
checks. The checks must all be cashed
before -theybfrttk is -allowed -to reopen
and . this has been agreed upon. With
this lnewly procured, cash An hand and
with the amount, of money belonging to
the bank that, is nbv/ in the hands of
the Bank Commissioners there will be
$116,066 •In cash" with, which to pay
about $108,000 that is due depositors
when the doors are reopened for. busi
ness. ..: All notes that; were taken by
thfrold board of directors in payment
for subscriptions for capital stockmust
be retired under the order of the Bank
Commissioners and this is agreed to
by those in interest. .
The of the account of
bills receivable has been set aside by
the production of certain notes end the
bills receivable account is now prac
tically balanced. ; v
Deputy Attorney" General Sturtevaiit
also said that purchasers have been
•found for $30,000 of the $50,000 of
bonds of the abstract company In Oak
land, ln'whlch the bank, invested. Con
ferences took place yesterday between
the attorneys for the United Bunk and
Trust Company and the propositions
that were- made in behalf of the com
pany were accepted by- the Bank Com
missioners and notice of the accept
ance was given last evening. s *
always^. should be open to suitors who
have rlghtsUo present, and where the
law Is Impotent to enforce those rights
then it Is the function of«a court of
equity to grant that relief for which
no provision has been made in the
law. \u25a0 ;\u25a0•-\u25a0! y>l'*V*:: ".-•
"There Is considerable conflict In the
testimony presented on this hearing as
to the financial ability of the defend
ant to meet any order that the court
might make. The evidence discloses,
however, that for. thirteen years the
defendant has been paying $100 a
month for the support and mainte
nance of his children, under agree
ment with his former wife, JB#ssle Pax
ton, and that'the contract under which
those payments were made lapsed dur
ing- the month of September, 1905.
Since the defendant was able to, and
did make those payments promptly
and reg-ularly to his ex-wife- under
that contract for so many years, the
only reasonable deduction that can be
drawn in that he has the financial abil
ity to meet any reasonable order that
this court might make,, pehdente lite,
NOTlCE— Beginning Wednesday/November Ist, this store
; •'" : , y ;vviUclQse at 6 P; M. daily, until further notice. |
EADIES' TAILORED SUITS
In Desirable Models For Fall Wear.
•Ladies" Finely Tailored "Suits, inTboth long and short coat'
effects',' ' of ; Broadcloth, Panama, Serge and . Fancy
~ s Mixtures, are now being shown in excellent ""
. .*. • ; ; varieties. , We quote three specially
1 interesting values for Monday.
' vliadies'^Lohg Coat Suits of all, wool mixtures, in"J
•-."gray, -green and garnet, new English paddock Cf7 SO
! model, -double breasted coat lined with satin, | »P* '\u2666 JU
ll : g6re"pleated skirt ; regularly $22.50, at..... j
\ Ladies*/ Walking. Suits of Imported Worsted, vcC\
...gray ahd 4 tan in visible checks; single breasted ! C^f AA
:j coat, tight fitting,; with box plaited front and | 4>a-**vU
back; latest style skirt. Special at j;
Ladies' Tailored Suits of "men's" wear mixtures,S
• in black and brown, stylish'long coats, lined COT
throughout- with skinners* satin ; new model j 4^ *\u2666 J"
.skirts. Regularly $32.50, at.... j
. . SALE OF tDI^ESS SILKS
.Five thousand yards of GHIFFON TAFFETA SILKS;. 27 inches
wide, in a complete range of plain colors, including black and
; white, also many new changeable color combinations ; adapted
for street or evening wear. Regular price $1.00. j Will *7C\/tL
be placed on ; sale to-morrow at per. yard - * vj^
We are now showing complete lines of New Fall Silks, which
will be popular this season. . Printed Warps, Plaids, Moires,
' Ombres: and .additional .lines.of Plain and Fancy -Taffetas.
SILK REMNANTS in waist lengths ait one : third off the
. regular prices.
SPEOAL SALE OF LADIES' NECKWEAR
. AT EXTREME PRICE CONCESSIONS
Stylish Hand-made Stock Collars with tabs, made of
. • Taffeta and Silk Openwork Braid, in white and
black, also white with light blue, green, navy and *)()/*
brown ; real value 50c each, at : Z-UJt/
Ties of Taffeta and Japanese Wash Silks, with turn-
over collars or pleated stocks, in white, black, pink
and sky, also black and white mixed ; values up to OCfIC
75c each. Sale price.. I^J^j
Black Spangled Collars, circular shape, 8 inches
deep, in dainty floral designs, closely spangled; TAW
real value $1.00 each, at J\J)C
See the Special Values on Our Bargain Counters,
Center Aisle, Main Floor.
$18.00 GOLD MESH BAGS AT $14.50
A collection of High-grade Mesfi Bags, made of German
silver, in ring mesh design, with ball drops and mounted on
highly polished frames, heavily plated with 14kt gold and lined
throughout with white kid. Imported to sell at Cf i CA *
$18.00. Specially marked for Monday's selling at $ *£*JU
SALE OF LADIES' HOSIERY
, . On Monday, October 30th, a large purchase of Ladies' Im-
ported Black Gotton Hose, good quality, in medium weight,
absolutely fast dye, with spliced heels and toes, will
be offered at the special price of, per pair ZUp
AN EXCEPTIONAL OFFERING OF
\u0084 LEATHER HAND BAGS
$9.00 AND $10.00 VALUES AT $6.50
High-grade Imported Hand Bags in thisseason's newest
shapes, ot Russian Calf, Sea Lion, Walrus, Patent Leather
and Real Seal Leathers, in black, tan, brown, blue, green and
maroon, handsomely lined, and with gold-plated German silver
frames. Pockets inside contain purse and card case. Mr- q A
Bags selling regularly at $9.00 and $10.00 each at... vpO. JU
/SILK RIBBONS AT 140 YARD
For Neck and Waist Bows, Also Hat Trimming
A: large quantity of -MESS ALINE SILK RIBBONS, 7 inches
wide, will.be offered to-morrow at less than half price.
Several shades are missing, although in the assortment are such
desirable colors as champagne, tan, brown, orange and _.. * f j-
-maise. . Ribbons usually sold at 35c yard, on sale at _ IT">£
; DEGORATIVE OBJECTS OF ART
~" : SUITABLE FOR HOLIDAY GIFTS
The remainder of our stock of Bronze Figures, Imported Glass
Vases'; and Bronze Cabinet Ornaments is now be-
ing closed out at exactly half price.
Lessons Given in All Kinds of Embroidery,
Class Days Mondays; Wednesdays and. Saturdays.
Sail Orders Receive Prompt and Carefal Attention.
NEWMAN & LEVINSON
;Kearny and- Sutter Streets.
for the support and maintenance of fiia
invalid children. .. '\u25a0\u25a0"' ' | : " ;
V, "It \is -therefore, ordered that th« de
fendant,*: Blitz "W.: Paxton; -pay to his
aon.YJohn' W.'j Paxtonil the sum of $50
a- month, commencing r.wim the ; first
day-'ot .f June, } 1905. at; which time {this
action Jwas instituted, and- that *he - pay
$50. a-month^to bis, daughter, Roma ,W.*
Paxton, commenclns-wlth .the first "day
of June," 1905,' and that he also pay $150
counsel rfeesi." .\u25a0 • f _"a : ' -• "-'
» .The V children r ; were .represented by
Attorneys Charles 'F. Hanlon. :
Woman ,' Ha« , Disappeared.
- - The police : are' searching for ' Laura
H«ydon,~; a;i woman "\u25a0\u25a0 33 > years 'of age,"
whose father Is ; here f roni ' Springfield,
Mo.: j mystified /as * tcT what has become
of^ her, 'as,- he had'notXheard' from \ her
for about a-jyear.v ;At that tim<? she
was living /with Mrs. 4 Kelly at 2328 Fol
som'street,"6ut jleftHhere* and has not
been I- heard « ot 'since.'- >She" ls\'about ; 5
feet 4 inches tall "iind has auburn hair.
V Try*- the United States Laundry. ib»4 j
Market street. Telentabn<*;Rooth lt». • I
Baraca * Class Entertains.
The Baraca class of tbf Central .M.
E. Church entertained the Phllettiea
class on Thursday evening at tha homo
of Mr. and Mrs. Rotla V. Watt, corner
of Baker and Haight streets. Since tho
organization of the class a fsw months
ago' the young men have showed a spir
itual development and fellow "feelinff
worthy o£ commendation, and- this oc
casion proved that • th« - social develop
mentr of the class has not been } ne
glected. A programme of music and,
farce .was- enacted, after wblch re
freshments were servedr.
Divorce Sutta " Filed.
Suits for divorce were filed - yester
day by Nora H. against Patrick H..Sul-
Hvan for. cruelty, 'Annie . E. against
John G. ;Peller for desertion.- Elmer R.
against Pauline Conklin for, deaertlon.
Eva A. against -D. S. CarnahanV< for
cruelty, .and Catarina against' Lulgt
Blondi for desertion. ;.
Renovate* the system and rejuvenates
2122
THE SANFRANCISCOCALL
JOILX D. SPKECKELS . "..... .....".':.'. .... ..... .Proprietor
ADDKIiSS ALL COMMUNICATIONS* TO
JOHN' McXAUGIIT.^.^. L.L ._ L - J _. • • •^;rfi:-^V l^ :^''-Mangggr
PUBLICATION' OFFICE ....THIRD AND MARKET~~STREETS. SAN FRAXCI3CO
SUNDAY \u0084. OCTOBER 29, 1905'
THE PRESIDENT'S TOUR.
WHEN President Roosevelt finishes his present tour he will
have visited every State and Territory in the Union except
Alaska and Hawaii. It is the first time since the adoption of
the constitution that a President of the United States has visited
every part of the country, met all the people and spoken to them
face'to face^ It is an example that may well be followed by future
Presidents. The country is so vast, with such differences in its phy
sical features and resources, that the man who administers its
nifairs should see it all, meet the people and study their ways; and
wants in the region where they make and maintain .their homes.
This will in the future be considered the duty of the President.
There is no doubt that our legislative affairs would 'go more
smoothly if the same duty were required of members of, Congress.
Senator' Stewart of Nevada once advanced" the proposition that
railroads should be required to transport members of Congress dur
ing the recess, and that they should be required by law to travel
outside their own districts and States to study the country and
better equip themselves for their duties. There is wisdom in the
proposition. Such requirement would bring about a better under
standing between the widely separated parts of the Union and leg
islation would have a better average adaptation to the needs of all.
The President's tour is not for sight seeing merely, nor to cover
long mileage. His usual courage and good sense have made better
use of it. The trip was arranged before the outbreak of yellow
fever in New Orleans, and included that city.
While the epidemic was at its height and courage was at its
lowest ebb in the stricken town, he notified the Mayor that he
would come at the date originally fixed, regardless of fever condi
tions, if it were convenient for the city authorities and quarantine
regulations could be accommodated. At this distance and in our
conditions we cannot estimate the tonic effect of this act of the
President upon the fear and fever smitten people of New Orleans.
It infused them with courage, put hope in the .place of despair,
caused them to defy the fever by not fearing it and to redouble 'the
efforts to extirpate the epidemic. The President's courageous offer
came to them like the message of an ally offering to come to the
relief of a city besieged. It will not be forgotten in the South, where
such a spirit is peculiarly appreciated.
On his tour he has every where # discussed live topics in his
speeches. The policy of his administration has been fearlessly de
fined and his purpose made plain. He is the most open-minded and
frank spoken of men. His opponents need use no searchlight to
find him and know where he stands. He has declared himself on
the railroad rate question, the canal and every other policy of the
Government that is of common interest to the whole In
the incidents of his tour are furnished evidences that it was a mis
take to suppose that he had reached the zenith of his fame when
he made peace between Japan and Russia.
At his meetings in the South the people put among, the gar
lands that graced the platform where he spoke the good Christian
legend, "Blessed is the peacemaker." But it is evident that before
him lie other heights to be scaled. In the midst of our industrial
prosperity and between sections of our country appear contentions
that must be placated. To bring about peace between rival inter
ests and rival sections more genius is required than directed the
peace between two nations suffering from bloody warfare.
Even-body believes that the genius of the President is equal to
the task, and that he will succeed, for he has taken the people into
his confidence. Then what?. No man can tell.. This Southern tour
is full of significance. It is a survey of the politics of the future. In
that future party names will cease their association with the closed
policies of the past and the ancient issues and emergencies of the
last century which brought existing parties into being. • Men will
find themselves in a new political environment. We may have in
peace the same effects that were produced by the Civil War, when
men crossed party lines back and forth, and discovered that the
maintenance of the Union as a supreme necessity had made former
party lines illegible and party names empty and void of meaning.
The entire personal independence of the President, his. respect
for good government and a square deal above all other things, are
preparing the way for wjiat may be the most significant realignment
of American politics that has ever occurred. Our system of gov
ernment has given always a greater rigidity to our party politics
than is known in any other country that is under constitutional gov
ernment. To break that rigidity requires either an all enveloping
issue or a man of supreme strength. President Roosevelt seems to
have the strength, and it is responded to in the South by an evident
disposition of readiness on the part of the people.
CUTLER'S STUDY OF LYNCHING.
JAMES ELBERT CUTLER, sometime -instructor in political
economy in Yale University, and now instructor in economics
in Wellesley College, has made an exhaustive examination of
one of the greatest stains on our civilization in his new book, "Lynch
Law; an Investigation Into the History of Lynching in the United
States." While deploring the barbarism of the practice of lynching
the book is rather a gathering of the completest information upon
•which to enable readers to form their own opinions than it is. an
effort to force the author's conclusions upon his readers.
We are told that the origin of the word is from the unau
thorized court of Charles Lynch, of Bedford County, on the upper
waters of the James River in Virginia. Charles Lynch did not in
flict capital punishment, but he decreed torture to Tories from the
standpoint of justice as seen by Whigs. The term Lynch's law be
came current in that region and thence spread westward. The prin
ciple of its development was that "circumstances may arise under
which measures, though not strictly warranted by law, are justi
fiable from the imminence of the danger." The modern meaning
of the term, that is, "death at the hands of a mob without trial," is
attributed to the lawless proceedings which took place in the West
ern and Southwestern portions of the United States in 1850. Dr.
Cutler believes that in its last analysis lynching in this country is
without any justification whatever. He admits, though, that while
we can find no grounds for its justification, the fact remains that it
has repeatedly been justified in one way or another. He* says:
"From the standpoint of the frontiersmen and pioneers, summary
procedure in certain cases was wholly justifiable. From the stand
point of the Southerners during the reconstruction period, summary
procedure was likewise wholly justifiable. To men living in a com
munity where a particularly brutal and barbarous crime is commit
ted upon a white person by a negro, 'the prompt lynching of the
negro, even with some torture and cruelty, seems entirely defen
sible." / - ,
Dr. Cutler holds to the opinion that lynchings do not tend to
deter criminals from the offenses that provoke the summary and
irregular punishments. It is doubtful if that belief would be up
held by the results achieved by the vigilance committees of the
West or the Ku-Klux clan of the South, or by any other exercisers of
the remedy of lynch law who have had large'experience. Its force in
that way is probably dependent upon the measure of its necessity in
the primitive right of defense when the regular- law proves impotent
to be a sufficiently strong deterrent. Perhaps, the main conclusion
arrived at by the author is that "the only ultimate remedy for lynch
ing is a strong public sentiment against it."
This conclusion is probably a studious and wise one; but still
the surest way, and in some sections perhaps the only way/to foster
that sentiment will be to have the regular courts "made to act so
nearly as swift, as certain, and as deterringly, terrible, as does Judge
Lynch in cases of the one most unpardonable form of crime Hvhich
is the most justifiable excuse for citizens taking the. law into their
own hands. In the matter of lynching, the Springfield Republican
holds that our sentiment against it "must include a fuller practical
THE : SAN : FRANCISCO;^ CALL,; SUNDAY.; OCTOBER : -29. M 905;; !
THE WINNING OF THE SOUTH
realization of the enormity of the'erime which in the case of negroes
hasso greatly increased since the civil war, "as well as the certainty
that that crimes will cause lynchings in whatever,' American commu
nity it may occur." Whatever theoretical opinions may be held
about the way to stop lynchings for that one; crime which chiefly
seems to 'excuse them, 'it is probably a correct prediction to say
that practically lynchings will cease .when negroes cease to commit
that crime for which they are lynched.
GREAT JEWISH CELEBRATION.
IT is two hundred and fifty years since the Jews first settled in
America, and they intend to celebrate and commemorate this an
niversary. An executive committee in New iYorkGity is taking
charge of the preparations, for celebration, and they have appointed
a general committee to co-operate.. This- co-operative .committee has
representatives in every State and " Territory, and most of the im
portant cities of the country. A part of the programme is' that
every Jewish congregation in the United States is to hold appro
priate services on Saturday, the 25th of -next November, and on
Sunday, the 26th, every Jewish Sabbath school is to be urged to
hold similar services. ,
The executive committee is sending out a pamphlet; containing
brief notes of information about the history, of the Jews in America.
The anniversary is dated from the grant of privileges, to the Jews
by the Dutch West Jndia Company, in 1655. This grant" was made
to the Portuguese Jews^ to settle .in the New Netherlands, notwith
standing the remonstrance of Governor Stuyvesant against it. After
many consultations the company decided to allow these Jews to \ sail
to and to trade in the New Netherlands, and to remain there. To this
permission one provision, and one only, was attached, namely, that
the poor among them should not become a burden to the community,
but be supported by their own nation. The pamphlet says that the
proudest title of distinction that the Jews of New York have is that
they have sacredly observed and strictly performed; that condition
imposed upon them 250 years ago in the charter of their liberties.
There are now upward, of 1,250,000 Jews in the United States,
and 750,000 of these are in New York. The pamphlet explains the
•reason why so many of the new arrivals in this country have not
attained the highest standard of citizenship. It says they bring
with them unfamiliar customs and strange ideas which are the
product of centuries of unexampled persecution. A wordof. hope
and commendation is put forward for the Russian Jew. They are
said to be rapidly becoming the "American Jew, and we shall live
to see the time when the- present dwellers in the tenements will,
through their thrift and innate moral powers, hitherto repressed and
benumbed, step into the very forefront of the great army of Amer
ican citizenship."
One of the purposes of the celebration will be to emphasize the
claim that the Jews have the right to be classed as American pio-.
ne'ers ; that they are to be considered not- as interlopers, not as: ex
ploiters, but as active participants in the upbuilding of the nation.
There is said to be a popular fallacy that the Jew is a late-comer, and
that he was unwilling to uridergo.the hardships'of the pioneer, "and to
blaze out newways for industry and commerce. ;, The confutation of
that will come with the -attention ) which the celebration will call
to ' the history of the Jews of America, showing how they have ac
cepted and -fully justified their citizenship. .
A RECORD BEATER.
LOS ANGELES is nothing if not ambitious.-? Not content with
putting on a flier to the East by the : Salt Lake road with the
sumptuous cars painted "Los Angeles Limited," she now,
claims to have just buried a.negro woman v who died at, the age -of
1 33 years, leaving a daughter aged 90 and great-grandchildren- far
above the age of discretion. Not content with that record; the stir
ring southern city goes on to state that this woman, born in 1772,
had been married fifteen times and: had the satisfaction ? of burying
all her, conjugal partners'and- dying an independent widowj fancy:
free, at last. The old woman had' the further distinction of haying
been born on St. Patrick's day. Alt in all, "she was a combination
hard to beat. * , • \
Now let Los Angeles ; real estate rise, for, it holds v a record
breaker in longevity- and ; matrimony.' She wast born : three years
before the Revolution \ and died just as t the * Los Angeles limited hit
the road}." Peace ; to. her ashes. , ' ', ' *
'•' Just Kow long Colonel /Bryan, will 'be abroad is; not yet determined.
His absence from the country is in* the mature of van experiment. If
the country doesn't :wobl>le too much he may stay away two years.— Kansas
Cityjournab / /" ' h • \u25a0\u25a0 / •> . '. : ; , \u25a0 .-. .-
A New York man got marriedin' the Tower' of ton don,, which is called
/'the 'saddest^ spot on earth." Not the first, man to lose his -head there.^—
New York Herald. ">.•\u25a0'.::' ;' ' Bfl^ - • ' ' '^^S
--^ .-. ;> . . \u0084 .-'\u25a0 .'.'\u2666\u25a0 ..' . '"\u25a0''''•:'\u25a0\u25a0 \u0084 [ J." : sWIM
If Mutual Life was j $35,000 anxious ;to defeat Bryan aji'd silver, why
was it $40,000 eager ,tO A l beat Parker Cand 1 sound money?~Baltimore Sun. ;
It is easier for an : i insurance' \u25a0president :; r tq i-^cnter into the kingdom of
heaven than for a policy-holder to get a square deal.— New "York Press. V
- ' ' ; \u25a0 "-\u25a0 j{ : \u2666 ' :\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'- ..'\u25a0 -".\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0'".\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 '
The insurance scand il was opened with a - Jimmy.— Washington. ; Times^
-MW TORK WORIiD.
A CONCILIATOR.
A certain Illinois Congressman is of the
stalwart brand of Republican, and" looks
with disfavor ori anything in the nature
of a compromise with'his political 'foes.
During a recent campaign he arrived in
a town where he -was to speak. ;. The
chairman of the Republican Town Com
mittee met him and offered him some
suggestions as to the sort of speech that
the situation there demanded.
"Mr. X.,"/said the chairman earnest
ly, "the I Democrats here are wavering.
They are dissatisfied with their platform|
and with their candidates, and they re
quire only a little persuasion to win them
over. -Be conciliatory; be conciliatory."
That night the Congressman made a
speech that, if lacking in anything, , cer
tainly was , not lacking.' in .vigor, and he
wound up by saying In thunderous tones:
"If the whole Democratic party of this
State were In a basket and suspended
over h— ll by a single rope, do you know
what I would do? [_ I would cut the rope!"
In ' the elections that fall there was
one town in Illinois that did not show
any great Democratic Josses.-rChlcago In
ter Ocean. '.. . \u25a0 - :- -\u25a0 \u25a0...:... • : \u25a0\u25a0
FUN FROM YONKERS.
I Mrs. Church: "Don't you think Phila
delphia is an awfully sleepy place?"
Mrs: Gotham: ' ; "Why,, yes;: when my
husband goes over there be has to take
the baby along, to keep him awake."
MONEY IN DIAMONDS.
Bacon: "I know a lady who has made
a lot of money out~ of diamonds." 1
Egbert: "Good Judge of them, is she?"
"I don't know about that; she's an ac
tress, and Is always ' losing them."
THEY- GET THE POINT, TOO.
Yeast: "They say your friend Is as
good at telling ' stories as he Is at fish
ing.";;. - \u25a0 : : \u25a0.-' •\u25a0
Crimsonbeak: "He is. You see, when
he's fishing and commences telling stories,,
the fish all gather about trying to catch
the point."
LOSING HAIR.
He : "A girl loses her hair earier than
does a. man." : .
She:. "Well, why shouldn't she! When
she has to give a lock of it to every Tom.
Dick - and Harry she meets at the sum
mer resort?" . \u25a0
HORSE SENSE.
"Pop." "
'.'Yes, my son."
"What is horse sense?"
;- "Horse sense, my boy, is shown when
the animal , turns his «nose the other way,
as a gasoline , machine passes on the
road." -\u25a0 .
A CLEAN SPORT.
Greene — He goes in for clean sport.
Redd— Fond of swimming, is he?
NO CONTRIBUTION. ~
. ' Bill— Did Phil contribute to : the even
ing's entertainment? I . , •
Jill— No; he went in on a free pass. /
LOVELY, YES.
"When you hear , a .woman say a* man
has lovely, hair,'' remarked the Observer
of Events and . Things, "she means It
would be ' lovely .hair to get her hands
Into." 1 .- \u25a0---'\u25a0\u25a0--\u25a0\u25a0:'• "'.r.---::':}.. \u25a0 ' • ,\u25a0 \u25a0'. \u25a0
WHERE THE MONEY COMES FROM.
"It . takes a < lot* of \u25a0 patience to : run an
automobile, does It not?'.' asked the man.
. "Yes, lot of - patients," ; replied the doc
tor; "and I've got x 'em."
NECESSARY HELP.
. Redd— l 'see Detroit,;; Mich.,: employs SOOO
men In the .' automobile .
*. Greene— How ; many. -of U these i ara sur
geons, do you suppose?,
NOT i MUCH OF IT.
Patience— l 'asked her. what would make
a fashionable' bathing isult. -
; Patrice^f And what : did ; she say ? : ;
Patience— Oh," she'said 'it 'was -not' mate
rial. v ""\u25a0'\u25a0 ;\u25a0 ' : •'. -• •:" -ii.
GETTING -HIS I SHAPE.
Molly— l hear I- your ; brother is wearing
corsets •. now'?, •';'-•'" ' ; v '
Cholly— Oh,> yes ; - he's • trying to get in
shape ' for: the : winter : afternoon teas. >
THE? BOY'S : IDEA^OF ..- IT.
''Say, pop, . the %. policeman : arrested ': ; a
tramp " for ;\u25a0 sleeping -' on .,' a"^ bench - in* the
park."-; ."'•:-\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
"Well, that's right, .my son.V^§ggH!iHJ|
"Did he have a -right to arrest [ him
wi thout ; . a > bench ; . warran t ?"/•• • ; : • .; ,' , v;'-'
A TIGHT SQUEEZE.
Madge— And did? he L break , the ice' last
night?;; -'\u25a0,'\u25a0!;\u25a0;\u25a0 /" \u25a0 ;" ; ' ".\u25a0\u25a0'- \u25a0 "v" v ' \u25a0"•'.. ' \u25a0••.\u25a0.'" -'\ :.'.
Maud— Break the'; ice ? , j Why, I . thought
at . one I time \u25a0 that ihe was going -. to \u25a0 break
every one of my. rlba!
OBLIGING.
"How. long : does '\u25a0 It; take -to empty,,' this
hall ?;*j asked ;. the lecturer,'; looking; about
the' auditorium."-: ;•, .;...\u25a0:"\u25a0-. v
- • J.'l [ don't know \u25a0.'exactly,''; replied ' the jan
itor; i "but if 5 you wish, ; when ; you begin
lecturing, I'll .time 'em.V— Yonkers States
man. \u25a0 ' . '
THE TRAVELER AND I
A. J. WATERHOUSE
''LJO, traveler in the wilderness.
fi "Through summer heat and winter frost,
. Hast seen along the path you press
~ Some, precious things that I have lost.
They were so simple much I fear
That idly you might pass them by,
Nor e'er suspect they were .most dear
Of all the gifts the years supply;
Yet worthless gems with gold embossed
\u25a0Compared "with this th at I; have" lost.
tseen them, traveler, on thy ; w*yr
tell where, they bide, I pray.
pgg»y3 - \u25a0
"MAY, traveler, look not thus askant.
l^l Time was when Life and I wer« yotm«.
We're old and wayworn now, I grant.
But then a merry lay we sung;
But that wu "ere. my store of wealth.
Was hid in dust the deserts » tre^ w-
Came Time, the ' pilferer, by stealth,
And stole them from me ere I knew.
So /simple they that much I fear.
You passed them by, nor deemed them deaf.
' A dream so fair
It could not last;
Hope's rainbow bright
That gleamed and passed;
It cheered ray day*-
Somewhere they're lost
,v ; Along the way.
With tear-dimmed eyes, in vain I seel*—
If thou hast seen them, traveler, speak."
THE traveler lifted weary eye*.
And spoke — his voice was as » moattt
"Nay, I, too, lost the things I prixe.
I seek mv own: I seek my own.
Somewhere in desert dust they lie,
!Deep hidden from my longing sight, I-
But I shall find them by and by,
When gleams the one unfailing light;
Yes, I shall find them Over There" —
The low spoke words were as a prayer—
"The dream I dreamed,
And dream no more;
The ones I loved,
Who passed before;
The hope of old
For which I sigh —
Ah, I shall find
Them by ,and by;
And this we'll give to bless," quoth he:
"My tear for you, your tear for me."
GIVING WAY TO JEALOUSY
ANGELA MORGAN
T-< ECAUSE she was Jealous of her
l-< husband a Philadelphia woman
U "played dead" for two months, pre
tending she was drowned.
Hiring a bathing suit In Atlantla Clsy.
she left her clothes in the bathhouse and
disappeared as completely as though the
waves had swallowed her.
The agonized" family instituted a aearoh
for the missing woman, offering large re
wards. f : The officials of Atlantic City
searched the shores and sands for two
long months. At the end of that time
the presumably drowned one, having re
covered from her fit of jealousy, came
out of hiding and startled the community
by calmly appearing at church with her
family. "
Is there an object more pitiable than
the grown-up child? Are there any catas
trophes more cruelly unnecessary than
those brought upon -undeserving victims
by the adult children who have; not the
good grace nor - the : control i to conquer
their jealousies, their hurt pride, their
offended egotism?
A child In woman's skirts, that is just
what this Philadelphia wife • proved her
self to be when she deliberately pursued
her foolish, cruel plan of vengeance. A
revenge which meant , weeks of ' suspense
and terror for loving relatives and friends,
while the grown-up child, safe and sound
In its retreat, rejoiced In the thought that
now, at least, her husband- was compelled
to think about her, to wonder, to suffer,
to agonize for her sake.
How many wives there ara in the world
just like her! Yes, and how many hus
bands I there are, too, who have never
passed the thoughtless stage that belongs
to boyhood. ( Grown-up children— adults
who have not grown beyond the "never
mlnd-you'll-be-sorry" period of develop
ment and who still have fits of, wanting to
"play dead" when their feelings are hurt,
their egotism punctured.
You remember that time of your life,
STOPY OF HOBBS' CAT.
y-^ OMETHING was seriously wrong
X with the Hobbs family cat; sorae-
V-/. thing that catnip and other common
remedies , known to Mrs. Hobbs could not
reach. Tabby was the Idol of the chil
dren and the pet of the household. \u25a0 At
the solicitation of * his wif % . and children
Hobbs /consented to stop on his way
downtown at a cat hospital and seek ad
vice. He came home that evening with a
substantial grayish powder.
' "The doctor says we're to give Tabby
this all at one dose," he said.
: "Did he "say how, we were to give It* to
her?" 'asked Mrs. Hobbs.
, "Why,; no," replied Hobbs, -fretfully. "I
dM.not ask him such an absurd question
as that. :As It would; be to give
a \u25a0 powder ' hypodermically, '\u25a0 I- suppose it
will',; have Uo ; go down her ! throat," • he
added, fine ' sarcasm.
I- "Very i well,?; retorted Mrs. Hobbs; "you
hold ;; the ) cat'; and I'll force ' the powder
down her throat.",!
The confab .. ended iln the capture of
Tabby ,*:- who, ; scenting mischief, .had dis
appeared'under the 'bed. " Hobbs held "the
cat;";ohe~of - : the ."children forced Its mouth
'open; and Mrs^Hobbslmadeja jab with a
spoonful of ; powder. 11 ;, There was* a strug
gle.; after (which , Tabby disappeared ..with
a" considerable"' quantity, of ;Hobbs* cuticle.
'contents; of {the .spoon" wereTdlstrib^
Juted'over, his trousers." ~Y
s j"There_!"^ exclaimed, Hobbs/ who Is'-a'
baseball " enthusiast, looking \u25a0< ruef ally ,} at
his r : blood-stained : hands, " "you \ muffed> It.
I knew; how } it .would ' be. " Half - the ' dose
wasted— and. look 'at my, clothes.'*
"^ Gretchen, the .maid of » all work, who
don't you? That "you'd-be-sorry-If-I
were-dead" stage of your foolishly sen
sitive childhood?
Don't you recall that blue, blue day
when everybody— father, mother, sisters.
aunts — seemed to b© leagued against you?
When you couldn't do anything you want
ed to do because somebody always ob
jected, and when It seemed to you no
one cared whether you had any fun or
not?
You got off In a corner and moped. feel-
Ing yourself an abused and forsaken be
ing and picturing your relatives as mon
sters of Injustice. Never mind, some day
you would go away and get lost and per
haps die. Then they would be sorry!
This waa fiercely sweet i consolation.
What Joy yqu took In picturing the an
guish that would wring the hearts _of
your : dear ones when they found your
cold;" stiff: little body!
Isn't that this jealous wife all over?
"Never mind," sha said. "I'll make him
think about me. I'll make him. suffer tor
ture and suspense. Then perhaps hall be
sorry! Then perhaps he'll love me."
Poor, short-sighted little' grown-up
child! To every woman like her, every
woman who feels the pangs of jealousy,
with or without cause. I would say:
Don't give rein to this reckless, ridicu
lous passion. It never pays. Moreover,
no woman ever accomplished anything '
in giving way to jealousy aavo making
herself a spectacle for derision.
Even _If you have cause to be jealous,
pause . and get a firm hold on thi» raloi.
Don't relax your grip. Jealousy Is a" pas
sion that may urge you to a rash, foolish
act that you will forever regret. ~
Be calm; be controlled: be womanly.
No revenge can compensate for losing
your dignity, your poise, your womanli
ness, a
The best revenge any jealous wlfa can
possibly take Is to keep so sweet, so con
trolled, so lovable' that sha disarms her
rival and compels her husband's devotion.
was a recent Importation from the fath
erland, interfered at thia^ Juncture.
Tabby was once more routed out -from
her hiding place, while" Gretchen wan
dered to the Ice.che3t. She reappeared
with some (lard, which she mixed with a
portion of the powder. . .This sha rubbed
on? the cat, where Tabby "could conveni
ently* reach It. Tabby was surprised. Sha
was as proud of her thick, snow-white
coat as the Hobbs family was. and she
did : not purpose to have It soiled. She
promptly licked off the lard, Gretchen
applied another dose In another place.
Tabby licked that off. too. Pretty soon'all
the- medicine was Inside 'of Tabby's
"Gretchen," said Hobbs, "how. did .the
Kaiser^ ever : come to' lose !you? Take " a
whole day off. instead of Thuradav after
2."— Philadelphia Ledger. .
HOOT'S PLEAJASTRY.
"When Root was at the head of the
Department of War, a deputation ' of
Creek Indians found their way into : his
room by mistake.
;:"I,am sorry,""Root said, when he real
ized ; the error into . which they had fal
len, "but I can, do nothing for you. I
have jurisdiction over naiisable rivers,
but not over Creeks."
,Townsend's California /glace .. fruit* -^
and -.choicest candles In artistic flr«- *£
etched boxes. New store. 767 Market. *
;: Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), '30 Cal
ifornia street.- Telephone Main, lo42. •'Story of a Reporterette and some others
. A REPORTERETTE has not the dig
fclty of being a dictionary word, but if the
fame is new to you it need not puzzle
you for more than a minute before you
Suess that it is a playful cognomen ap
plied to a little she reporter. It is used
'by one of that genus, Rhoda Massey, the
leading character in the new book called
"The Yellow Journalist," written by j
Miriam Michelson. an ex-newspaper
woman, now an excellent novelist, as wit
ness the successful "In the Bishop's Car
riage." and the clever, inimitable "The :
Madigans." The particular reporterette
9 who is' the quite yellow journalist of the
\u25a0 new story is, to carry the word coinage
*• bit further and with analogous inter
pretation, a most audacious devilette.
The definition of this last might be given
in the words of the Irish chambermaid
in one of the private houses into which
the reporterette half burglarized and
•wholly lied her way in an unscrupulous
hunt fcr scoops, to wit, *'Ye decaytful
little divvle."
A graphic epitome of the -book may be
found In its one picture, the frontispiece,
Jfhowing a girl surreptitiously crouching
on a high cornice just beneath a half
l>pen window, intent on spying and eaves
dropping. That girl Is the "yellow jour
nalist." Let us glance upon it in a
. French mood arid shrug our shoulders.
Voila tout!
As for the meaning of the adjective
••yellow** as applied to journalism, per
haps that should give us pause for half a
paragraph. It may signify different
things to different minds. It may imply
enterprise, brains backed by boldly and
munificently expended money and the ex
ploitation of the news by methods start
ling to slow conservatism; and again it
may mean sensationalism running away
with itself into absurdity, scandal mon
g ering, unscrupulously grasping for
eeoops, and bad taste, which, seeking for
verve, verges too close upon the forbid
den to delicacy and decency. Perhaps
the fairest thing to say is that there are
many shades of yellow— ail the way from
brass and fever plague to the true gold
of journalistic talent- Dana of the New
l'ork Sun Invented the appellation yel
low journalism and applied it, during
1 the reign of "the yellow kid." to the New
' York World and the Journal, and meant
it for an epithet implying contemptuous
condemnation. It would have been inter
esting if Miriam Michelson, who Is an
cxpeiienced newspaper weman, and an ex.
ceeding clever writer, had given us at
the beginning of her book a concise defin
ition of what she means by "yellow"
"when the entitles her story "The Yellow
Journalist." Even after one has read the
boo* clear through and tried to grasp
the ensemble of the thing it is confusing
to try to guess just what, in her secret
soul, the author thinks of the merits or
decency of the character she has por
trayed under the name of a yellow jour
nalist. Certainly she allows the heroine
of many scoops to be quite proud of her
self in spite of some few qualms of con
science, whicn the girl always conven
iently buries when they threaten to bar
btr way to geuirig a scoop by He, trick,
pretense, or even theft.
The book is absorbingly interesting:
enough to obtain a wide reading; but
if the public read it with the idea they
t).rp behind the scenes an.l
"learning 1 the true inwardness of mod
ern journalism they will be apt to an
grily and emphatically think: "Well,
condemn the little devilette of a re
porterctte and the whole newspaper
'business that teaches her such tricks,
or even indirectly countenances and
profits by such scheming when it is
"done unordered." Considered as a pic
ture of newjspaperdora. it is calculated
to bring the profession of news gather
ing Into contempt. If Miriam Michel
eon tneaji* to oharacterlzr. not cnter
prlsinK journalism generally, but only
one off-color phase of it, then we must
let it so at that; and the book must
mean, vrhether the Intended it so or not,
that she has riveted the Dana defini
tion to the term yellow journalism,
made it a very ugly color and* justified
the public in using it as a condemning
epithet. A somewhat puzzling- thing
about the book Is the query as to the
authors own attitude toward yallow
journalism. To some it will seem"that
between the lines the author is" only
half-heartedly conden.nlng yellow
methods. Rhoda Ma6sey is the re
porlexette who tells the story in the
first person, and she i* created such a
fascinating «Jevilctle her most brazen
ly lying yellowness is doffed aside as
mere peccadillo.
In the newspaper office for which
Rhoda Massey worked tfie whole out
fit was tainted with corruption. Pro
prietor, managing editor, news editor.
city editor, principal reporters, were
all admirably fitted to confuse Rhoda" s
ambitious and daring bead as to the
difference between a talent for getting
desirable information and a disreputa
bly unscrupulous hunt for scoops. Sho
seems to get' her idea* of professional)
honor froin'men whost; work she wishes
to first imitate and then excel, and the
standard of these models is not high,.
She is keenly aware that in a worM
of stern business competition it is re
sults that are wanted from a worker,
"and not efforts and methods; but she j
etrafn* the principle until it breaks
into unprincipled grasping 'at results.
Hurriedly put, it would be the thought
of the editor: "Hustle 'out, strenuous
devilette, and get the scoop; I don t
care a condemn how you get it, but
get it!"
Th«n out gor;s Rhoda, ambitious not
to fall down on her detail, and pre
pared, for the pake ol winning fame
and credit of oije big scoop, to brazen
ly burglarize or trick her way into pri
vate homes; to lie so yellowy that soor.
the public would learn to distrust her
every statement; to steal a letter so
unscrupulously that no household
would want to trust her two minutes
ilom- in a hallway or reception-room,
and to develop a general untrustable
ness that would make the name of :i
reporter a synonym for trickster.
A sentence the story puts into the
mouth of Rhoda's managing editor, while
discussing her tricky methods of secup-
Ins news, says: "A newspaper is a busi
ness property, not a school of ethics."
I This is probably true in a way, but not
\u25a0 true Jn the sense of the impression the
; bock would give the reader. If any as
piring reporter in a first-class office un
dertook to achieve extraordinary success
In the way Rhoda captured hers, he v or
she would suddenly awake to a realiza
tion that a newspaper is indeed a school
of ethics. To steal a letter, to succeed
by keyhole espionage, to practice transom
Intrusion, to surrept a photograph, would
be to severely learn that the • office con
sidered such tricks insufferably bad eth
ics, and that j a responsible newspaper
could better afford to do without a scoop
than to get It that way.
Once the reader wisely decides not to
consider the work seriously as a study
of enterprising modern journalism, the
book may be hugged for literary delight
in it as a cleverly written and absorb
ingly interesting story., or, rather, series
of stories, for Miss Michelson is much
of-a Scheherazade in this linking of con
secutively exciting stories of the adven
tures of the Intense reporterette in her
almost madly determined hunt for scoops.
There is the local charm to it of having
been written by a San Francisco girl who
was a fellow toller among us and has
achieved a success that does credit to
the city; and it has the attractiveness of
local flavor in that the scenes are laid in
San Francisco, and the many stories are
all suggestive of being vividly Imaginative
buildings upon the true stories of our
city's romances, crimes and scandals.
There is a house of mystery; an old
black mammy who holds well-kept secrets
and much power; a pencil will; a China
town story of police corruption, and
others. Through all this, Rhoda moves
as the prime -revealer of all the big se
crets. She is a strangely non-moral creat
ure, this reporterette;- almost like some
sort of a second cousin to the non-moral
Nance Olden of "In the Bishop's Car
riage." If Rhoda ever read the Bible at
all she would probably take from It as
her motto: "It Is the glory of God to
conceal a thing; but the honour of kings
Is to search outa matter." And then set
herself to be a queen overtopping all the
kings of scoops, and to make hers the
honor of unveiling all the deeply hidden
secrets.
The enjoyment of news and the intense
desire to hunt for it is well described in
the book, and some extracts will suggest
something of the nature* of the repor
terette:
"And. oh. I love a secret ! v There's only one
thlrg more fascinating than to know what
nobody else knows; and that Is to give it away
In a glorious, self-conscious, jubilating »coop."
"A marl, selfish, unthinking thing like me,
as heedless as an animal whose instinct to
hunt down has been aroused."
•\u25a0Trust roe? Not a bit of It. I'd bam
boozled my xay to the thing I wanted so often,
and be knew It «o well, that be saw only a
move in the old game."
"To him that hatb sball.be given, is mighty
true of news, aad a wise" reporter will re
member It."
"Woe. •woe. to the Rhoda Maetey who stops
to think! She'll get all taaglcd up in .other
people's whims and prejudices. She'll be
troubled by pity and hampered by taste and
worried by doubt. The very ground of her
incouclance and assurance will give way bc
r.t-atii her feet. She'll find her conscience — and
her Ktory'll go a-gllmmerlng."
(D. Appleton & Co., New York; $1 50.)
PRETTY LOVE TALE
TOLD BY A HORSE
Likers of the literary work of Paul
Leicester Ford may have thought when
his brother murdered him a few. years
ago that we should enjoy no more
products of his pen. but a very pretty
little story of his has just been pub
lished, and. we may pick up the pleas
ing posthumous thing and imagine. juSt
for -a happy passing fancy's sake, . that
the sslrit of the; author of. "Janice
Meredith" is still writing delightful
Btorles.for us. It is a love story, . en-,
titled "His Version; of It," and th« "he"
referred to in the "title is a horse. A
love story told by, a. horse is something
of a novelty, and we mightshy.or
balk at it but for the fact that we know
It is going to be a good go when we see
Paul Lelceatcr Ford's name upon , the
white rose and white dove decorated
back; of It. It is the -story of the love
affair of a very charming girl who was
v fine horsewoman. , and it; was because!
of her affectionate companionship with
horses that this ; one, : old "Reveille","
happened to know enough: about . the
affair to be able to have J'hls version of
it," and by means pf hishorse-sensfs.to,
know, more of .the" real truth of the ro
mance than did even the humans who
f HE SAN FRANGISCO CALL; V:SV^W^yitO^QM^:^^P^S
THRETE OF THE ILLUSTRATIONS FROM THE LATK PAUL LEICESTER FORD'S JUST PUBLISHED "HIS VERSION OF IT."
IN WHICH THE AUTHOR PUTS THE WORDS OF A PRETTY LITTLE LOVE STORY IN THE MOUTH OF AHORSE
WHO TALKS VERY ENTERTAININGLY. ; . . . j ;.. ;
participated in it as prlncli-als.
We hear much of match-making
mammas, but of a courtship between
two humans, planned, initiated, devel-;
' oped and finally brought to consumma
tion-by the skilled diplomacy of three
match-making saddle horsjs most of
us might say, with the old Scotchman
of the song, "Saw I never nane."
Do not doubt that the tiling could
happen.- It is a drama of . the horse
world so enllghteningly toM to us that
it might well cause those zuthors who
make a specialty of animal stories
wonder at the race a rank outsider was
giving them at excellence in their own,
trade. Read it; you'll find It one of
the most exquisite stories cf equitation
you ever delighted in.
The tale was told in* a stable to
group of horses as they ate their
apples and oats, and it bugan by the
bay mare making the remark anent
their mistress, Felicia, "She's a dar
ling," whereat the off carriage horse 1
dropped part of his apple In order to
chime in, "That's just what she is." Old
Reveille, now with 4 twenty-elght years
of experience, remarked reflectively,
"She's a thoroughbred, but she's not
the beauty her mother was at the same
age." Then he talked on f ragmen tartly,
and hintingly about what: he could tell
of Felicia's family history, if .he just
would, until he got the curiosity of the
mares and fillies in' the stable as ex
cited as if equine love of a bit of, ro
mantic gossip were as • :.teen as the
human feminine. ;
"Do the fa-nlly know all your se
cret. Reveille?" asked the bay mare,
Lassie, ingratiatingly. \u25a0
"They think they do." replied the
veteran. "They don't,-, though," he
added; and then, heaving a sigh, he
continued: "Hut the ronn filly did,
and Mr. Lewis' big gray."
"Lay you a peck 'of oats, to a quart
that the girls get that ; secret out of
him," whispernd • th'i : • major's saddljp
horse, who was a Ke'ntuckian of thor
oughbred stock.. 'And they eventually
did. Listen to Just this one of the re
marks by which the bay mare. Lassie,,
allured the old horse intoj reminiscent
volubility. "How. rarely, is '\u25a0 the story
telling faculty -.united' wHli the philo
sophic mind; tind^those . two qualities
combined with a finished [but \u25a0, graphic:
style!" That politeVcompllrnent brought,
out the story, and old HeAetlle.; the
one-time war charger, told "how ho and •
Mr. Lewis' big gray carried: out the
match-makins scheme- with the super
latively clever ' assistance) of .'the "roan
filly." Old- Reveille htill "has a tender
place in nls memory for the roan filly.
Mlks Gaiety. "She was a" dear," ' -he
added with'a sigh, and paused a mo
ment. ' . >: V
Now tue roan filly was the* saddle
horso that Felicia rode.; and a gay; girl
was the frolicsome I roan;, and ; the r , way
she entered Into the sport, -of' reveal-,
inp the meanness of Mr. :Lewl3; to Fe
licia and thereby, . changing • the;-.cur£
. rents of" her affection from ; that near-;
ly : successful .wooer .to 'the f brave j but
gerule-hearted "major, whom the horses
Iov«?d" as much as; they "hated l the: 111-"
tempered ; Mr. .I^ewls. ,13 enough" to.; make
men and wojnen, as well as horses, love
that darling filly. The three : horses
put their heads? together arid;. wished
they could do it. "... The girl was so fool^,
Ishly about, to- i?iye'« herself away to .the
Inferior ; man. when" the \ betters was ; al
most pone 1 - mad^.with love :\u25a0 for
her— the- eq*uliies /mourned T.they*.' couM
not talk ' human' and ho -could \ riot' J tell
Felicia, of L heribliridn'eßS ;tp the'.truo
qualities ». of . the , rival ;,n.en.": Then": old
Reveille conceived a i bright \u25a0 idea ;;*; they
could ":, not •" talk V It, J bb ur:t r : they I co uld i act
it The roan filly caught 'on to)the idea'
instantly = and]; thereat; kicked up; ' - her
heels gleefully, and': the' major's charger,
admlrlriffly^ says'? that;; "Mlsk Vdaiety".
did this high kicking fgracefully.- .:
'So these actorj and £ actress saddle
horses ; arranffe their; parts "and ' play
them to, perfection. They show thejr
fearand hate of Lewis, and then sharp
ly contrast .that 1 with 1 their" love \u25a0of
the- major. Then, they, arrange— all
seemingly unbeknowing — .^to gallop
exceeding close together when 1 Felicia
and the major are being borne by
them. When the horses want to hurry
up 'the lovemaklng Reveille, : who Is
bearing the major, "suggests to -the
roan filly, who has Feltctf. in the sad
dle: "Miss Gaiety. I think they will
.llke.it if we snuggle!" ,
"Well, just for -this once I will," re
plied the filly shyly.
. The clever pictures with, which the
book Is illustrated are almost half the
tale. It Is like a story told by pictures.
Henry Hutt did the picture part. Ford
tells It In a very- horsey way, and
there's some clever, small by-play ex
pressions, as, the filly says she "doesn't
care a snafile . bit"; and when" Lewis
wants to mount Reveille, the actor
animn.!. getting -ready"; to buck rebel-
Hously, says .to himself: "Whooi>! Ride
-me? Neigh, neigh:" jWhen Paul lit
on that conceit he must have been
thinking of-Paullne.
(Dodd.Mcafl.&.Co.. $1.50.)
AUTHOR' OF BRIDE'S "—
. DIARY IS UNKOWN
Brides, are perhaps the most''lnter
esting. of..' all God's, creatures— not for-:
getting, the J angels in :'thi3 superlative,
tor even they arc believed to look down:
from '"the: ramparts ; of God's' house",
in . beautiful . angelic jealousy upon . the'
brides of the earth an they build their;
nests, either proudly 1 palatial or hum
ble cottage, to prepare;for the birth', of
a new- heir to the , life everlasting,:
which Is to be had ever. and ever more
abundantly-r-the one; earthly -joy, they^
envy, -for itV is^the; only one. not; al-;
lo\ved In the 'happy homes- of; heaven.'
Such consideration makes one' pick jup
Interestedly the new ; anonymous lit
tle book bound In baby blue, , decorated
with a bunch of .white carnations tied
with a bow : of white ribbon, and entitled
"The Diary %of a Bride." Geo! The
diary'" of ' almost any, woman, were she
but- frank^enough to set . things down
Marie": Bashkirtseffly.V and had she
bright/;, beautiful .^opinions and surgy.
secret emotions, would - be? inturestlng
enough .to , make you : do page cutting
with avidity,^ but the diary of : a > brlde, ;
bless your • life, is cream to curiosity—'
that's like" the Vlittle \u25a0 bit off the \u25a0; top'.'
that. weallVwant. . [ ;'
:; Sadly we must ( submlt, to the iimlta-"
tions-: she ; puts tojour: joy ibecause/of
the^incompleteness of her -confidences.'
You naturally* know -she [rhas ro": have
reticences ' -and.', reservations, and, ".^""of
course,7cannot,teli: us .everything about
it all, and. all abouVeverythlng.; Shel
tered ; i shyly : behind the ' veil rof her
anonym! ty,' though,' she can be f a r ', more
intimately communicative with ; us . than
if her name were: mentioned,': arid so; we
pardon I the; balk J to: i curiosity. • that
anonymity, gives ; because j It \ makes
slons i less {from ,-- the i diary.; than ;; other
wise shyness might,; have "Impelled.-
Arionymous . t hough It- be. we] notice : far
along ; lni: the V book '\u25a0: that - one <of - the
bride's;cousins;callsjthe author •"Avis. I ',
So : she •is evidently some ; sort ; of ; a 'bird
ard I elect, to consider : ; her ; a^ skylark,'
for ! 'she Is i" certainly ;j; a '; heart-soaring
kind /of 2a ' creature/^ arid ;, the; way, she
bounteously,. P9urs -out fherfgratltude; to
high heaven; for.' heYj bliss and;- wants^all
the ;. world! tot know>that ; she V ls 'exultf]
ingly ßinging outs theT message, of ;th»
immensity i of ;,' possible v i human "j happl-^
ness i reminds ~me Jof 'i Shelley's? prayer to
the": lark: me 'i half -the ? gladness
that thy- soul • must jknow^-such ' har
monious -[madness I fro ni? my i lips
flow— that jallS the'j Wqr^ f\would ; listen
then— -aSjli'am'listenirißjnow.", .
\u0084 It is riot -Improbable . that; the bride'
hadilearned *that;off byi;heart a and.;got
It ; into her heart,\fori her* book^ shows
a fondness for the poesy; of Shelley. ; . The
frequent choice quotations show that
she has been reading the best^things,:
and they add much ,to the little
volume's interest. Of course, it Is easy
to get whole books of .quotations, but
It Isn't so much quotations In^ the
stract as quotations applied that do
you good." Here's one from Shelley—in
teresting always, but doubly so when
we find It writ down in the diary of a
bride:'
.The . fountains mingle with the . river,
, And • the rivers with the ocean; '
; The ' wln<Js of heaven mix forever
\u25a0 With a sweet emotion ;
Nothing In the world Is single;
\u25a0;\u25a0 All- things by law ,< divine \u25a0;..,;.
In one another's being mingle—
- Why not I with thine?
'\u25a0•• . -,-.\u25a0•\u25a0> \u25a0 • - * \u25a0/•\u25a0 •...•:•« •
And the sunlight clasps the earth.
And' the moonbeams kiss the sea;
"What are all these kl«s!ngs worth,
" If.thou kiss not me?
The diary begins about the first of Sep
tember, just at the time the girl begins
to be. a .bride; and. after, we have dipped
deeply enough into the narrative to ; see
that the honeymoon Is going smooth and
sweet- and .thenest-buildlng accomplished
artistically, , we' naturally get to | calculat
ing moons on, our fingers and become
restless to ' jump away forward In the
diary ; to along about some' date of late
spring or . early summer,, and see . if any
thing remarkably happy happens about
that time." * * * And 3ure enough- It "did.
I skipped away over to about the middle
of "May, and,; gee! Look . what \ I found:
"I have wandered, far; from -my, bed of
violets by the lake, .but while I never
really heard the fairies talk In those
sweet . days , * I think I felt their , Influ
ence, .and I feel ltY yet. Indeed, has
staid with mo through; all these years,
and has helped \ me "more through times
of trial and discouragement than all the
things I ever learned in school. **The sun
beams, Hbe scented'ahv the pure .fancies
of a child's heart are .closely akin to 'an
gels,'j'fairies','and -.all- spiritual truth.
And fqr. this "little one, whom we expect
to come and \u25a0dwell;^ with us,\l pray the
same. gentle. companionship of violets and
'fairy^ elves,' with the ...woods,'- sky and
water to: teach" that, which can never be
learned from^ books or, school."
:.j And ' now, just one more quotation from
this diary Jof what seems , such a 'sweet:
young bride. It. will add .to the charm of
it; to; tell the ; reader that it was a girl'
baby : • ; "I - lay : my . finger I on\' the; vet
palm, the wee , fingers \ close over \u25a0 mine,
and ; a •'• thrill 'ot joy ,-. runs , through me
while ; my- mind is lost in .wonder at the
miracle of . a baby's "; hand! .Water . turned
Into wine, Peter walking; on , the- waves
seem but commonplace compared -to
this!"-: ' ..;. .:.: ..\u25a0'. Cv \u25a0....*. ;.-- .: . " \
..This : bride once lived : In ;• San Francisco,
she; has traveled j lnr-Italy, :' and she has
some one very near and"dear,to her. whom
she; calls .Alice. Can anybody guess from
these : three. clews," and from ? the love > of
Shelley' adverse ? ;" As , for that last Item \ I
quoted from; 'the diary,', surely ;* It ;. will
sound \u25a0 pretty^ to - the'; mind's ear of every
one/ who iis * not ."Insensate :\u25a0 to ' the 'touch
of :tiny : fineers." . -.;',.-?•
'.-/ i -aomas Y. Crowell & Co. New' York.
$1 00.> ,;.
PRACTICAL I DEA^
:FOR^MALL: BOYS
'- .:\u25a0:'" -"The Boy ;: Craftsman," by ;A. Neely
;Hall. "designed to give "practical and
profitable ideas- .for .'.a, boy^s leisure
hours," ; and t illustrated ; wl t h " more than
f our 'hundred \u25a0 pictures to t aid ! in'explan
ationsofihbw.to'make things, is an uxx-l
usually/: thorough^ book ; of ;.\ lnstruction
to^boyslwho'^wish^tb 'i begin ! learning
the ! wlse r art; of [so , combining ; play] with
work f as >to i'; make"?, their ;: "occupations
both; interesting-,; andluseful.';.' It Ms ; quite
a'v large', book A w nearly" four
pages." arid thas" an Index ; arid a.'glossary;
giylngtideflriitions'iof "the. terms; and
phrasealused ;In J describing the differ-;
ent ; pastimes. ' The : first ' part ; of ;* the
volume is taken up with telling of a
boy's workshop, and describing the
proper handling of tools. That is a
wise selection, for almost every boy
will sometimes find it very useful'to
himself or his parents to be able to do
neatly some jobs of carpenter work.
Othe_r things told about are: how to
fix a. boy's room; doll-houses and sta
bles; a boy's printing shop; amateur
journalism; \u25a0 photography; and cigar
box furniture. Then there's a part de
voted to outdoor pastfmes, such us how
to build a log-cabin,' canvas canoes,
traps, targets, ;bows and arrows, out
door gymnasium, circus, etc. \u25a0' For bad
weather, there Is a part describing how
to arrange Interesting indoor pastimes.
It is just such a book as would prob
ably suggest to boys what sort of work
they are going to be best fttte.d for
when they grow up. The kind of
things they like best to do in this play
at .work and the things they find they
make the best success at, are likely to
give them a bent toward their most
natural future vocation. - -
(Lee & Shepard, Boston. $2.) V, :,
LITERARY NOTES.
Though • you forget me, I would fain.
My dear, at least be worth forgetting!
If this be so, I'll not complain
Though you forget me. I would fain
Die ere my love rouse ,- your disdain.
Or my remembrance your regretting.
Though you forget me, I would faitf.
My dear, at least be worth forgetting!
— Countess of Winchelsea, in Novem
ber Smart Set.
The true name of the author of the
audacious novel, "The Storm of Lon
don," in which the doings of the pop
ulace of London, after being deprived
of all clothing, are depicted, is Mme.
F. Blaze de Bury. Mme.de Bury is at
present in France engaged on another
novel. John Long, the English pub
lisher of "The Storm of London." has
sold over one hundred thousand copies.
Frederick, Trevor Hill, the author of
"The Accomplice." "The Case and Ex
ceptions," and other books, has Just
completed work on a series of articles
to be called "Lincoln, the Lawyer,"
which the Century wlll^ print, begin
ning In December. Notwithstanding the
fact that Lincoln's practice as a lawyer
extended over twenty- four years, his
achievement as a statesman so trans
cended his legal I accomplishment that
his chief biographers have necessarily
given but brief space to his experience
as-a lawyer. . -
• ;•"-.'.'•
Mrs. Charles Rohlfs (Anna Katharine
Green), whose most famous novel. "The
Leayenworth Case." has just been
brought out in. a handsome illustrated
edition by the Putnams. began her. lit
erary work as a poet, and it Is in her
poetry that she finds her main artistic
satisfaction.
• • •
It is reported that In future Mrs.
Katherine Cecil Thurston is to make
her" home. at Ardmore, a quaint village
on the coast of Ireland, some ten miles
from the town of Youghal, and not far
from Cork, Mrs. Thurston's ' native
town Ardmore was the summer resi
dence of her father, the late Alderman
Paul Madden of Cork. There are inter
estlng literary associations connected
with the Ardmore neighborhood, for it
was in ' the * little ! church I still standing
at Youghal that Edmund Spencer was
married, and In an old house near .by
the poet read the first books of his
great : work.' "The Faerie Queene," to
Sir. Walter ' Raleigh, then residing ' at
Youghal.. before the two. Journeyed to
gether to the : Engllsh court in 15S0 to
get it published.
Lawrence V.Gilman,' the author of
"Phases of Modern Music." recently is
sued by the Harpers,- believes that
there is a, rich and comparatively un
worked -field for the writer of % fiction
who "understands : enough of music
and the ways of musicians. . to
use - them y, as ..: literary motives. ... With
the sentimental "musical novel" the
reading world has ; long" been familiar:
but the; writer, the believes, who. shall
picture, 1 from area-.stlc standpoint, I the
highly : emotional music ~ot ; the " modern
world in Its. various relations 'to human
conduct,. and : psychology, will find a
considerable reward. Mr. Gllman is
now at ,work upon a novel,* with' the
vivid musical life 'of the "metropolis as
its background, and a short story by
him. dealing more or less^ directly with
music and musicians, will appear, in th«
October, number of Harper's Bazar.
In his new.book, entitled. "In and Out of
the Old Missions of California"," George
Wharton: Jame^f has sought to" show
several \u25a0= things -never before, presented,
among them C the direct origin of . the
"mission; architecture;* :the analysis of
the jdetajls /of the' mission" style of
architecture;; the of »the mis
sion style' uponimodern , Amerlcan'archl
tecture; ;the condition of. the ' Indiana
prior to. ; during \u25a0 and '] immediately after*
the'mlsslon epoch, with a .brief account
of; their, present! state; ;a^careful survey
of ithelin terlor • decorations \ of ? the , mis
sions ;[ a. pictorial, account, of .the f urn i-^
ture,- pulpits, doors - and other wood-
\u25a0work of. the missions; a pictorial ac
count ' of the crosses, candlesticks
and other silver, and brass work
.of the missions; the story of Ra
mona as related to the mission, and a
pictorial account of the various figures
of the saints at the missions. The one
hundred or more illustrations have •
been reproduced from photographs
which -were practically made expressly
for the book. Mr. James is the well
known author of "In and Around the
Grand Canyon." '
• • «
BOOKS RECEIVED.
HISTORY OF AMERICAN STEAM
NAVIGATION— By John H. Morrison,
1903. W. F. Sametz & Co., New York.
HEARTS' HAVEN— By Katherine Ev
ans Blake. Bobbs-Merrill Company, In
dianapolis.
THE HAPPY LIFE-By Charles W.
Eliot. President Harvard University.
Thomas Y. Crowell & Co.. New York; 15
cents.
THE LIFE THAT CQUNTS— By Sam
uel V. Cole. Thomas x. Crowell & Co..
New York: 75 cents. "•
MARY 'N; MARY— By Edith Francis
Foster. Dana Estes & Co... Boston: $1 23.
THE RUNAWAY DONKEY; And Oth
er Rhymes for Children— By Emllie
Poulsson. Lothr op Publishing ' Company,
Boston; |1 50.
CORDELIA'S PATHWAY OUT— By
Edna A. Foster. Lee & Shepard. Bos
ton: Jl 00.
BEN PEPPER— By Margaret Sidney.
Lothrop Publishing Company, Boston;
$150.
AN ALPHABET HISTORY— By Wilbur
D. Nesbit; Pictures by Ellsworth Young.
Paul Elder & Co.-. San Francisco; 75
cents.
ONE HUNDRED AND ONE ENTREES
—By May E. Southworth. Paul Elder &
Co., San Francisco; $1.
LOVE— Compiled by Paul Elder. Paul
Elder & Co.. San Francisco.
vTEDDY SUNBEAM— By Charlotte
Grace Sperry. Paul Elder & Co., San
Francisco.
HOWDY. HONEY, HOWDY— By Paul
Laurence Dunbar. Dodd, Mead & Co.,
New. York; ?1 £0.
THE ONLY TRUE MOTHER GOOSE
MELODlES— lntroduction by Rev. Ed
ward Everett Hale. Lee & Shepard. Boa
ton: 60 cents. For sale by Whitaker-Ray
Company. San Francisco.
HELEN GRANT AT ALDRED HOUSE
—By Amanda M. Douglas. Lee & Shep
ard, Boston; (125.
DOLLY'S DOUBLE— By Ethel Wood.
Lothrop Publishing Company, Boston; JL
THE SCARLET PATCH— By Mary E.
Q. Brush. Lee & Shepard, Boston; II 23.
THE BOY CRAFTSMAN— By A. Neely
Hall. Lee & Shepard. Boston; $2 00.
SWEETHEARTS AND ' BEAUX— By
Minna Thomas Antrim, Henry Alte
mus Company. Philadelphia.
MR. PENWIPER'S FAIRY GOD
MOTHER—By Amy Woods. Dana Estes
&Co., Boston:. 50 cents. V.
BANJO TALKS— By Anne Virginia
Culberson. Bobbs-Merrill Company. In
dianapolis.
RACE OF THE SWIFT— By Edwin
Carlile Lltsey. Little, Brown & Co.. Bos
ton; $1 25.
THE BALLINGTONS —By Frances
Squire. Little, Brown & Co.. Boston; $1 50.
THE IRRATIONAL KNOT— By Ber
nard Shaw. Brentano's, New York; $1 50.
LOVE OF THE GREAT COMPOSERS
-r-By Gustav Kobbe. Thomas Crowell &
Co., New York.
THE SPECULATIONS OF JOHN
STEELE— By Robert Barr. Robert A-
Stokes Company. New York! *l 50.
THE REIGN OF GILT— By David
Graham : Phillips. James Pott & Co..
New-York; iI.ISMK
THE ESSENTIALS OF SPIRITUAL
ITY By Felix Adler. James Pott &
Co.. New York; . $1.
ASPECTS OF BALZAC— By W. H.
Helm. James Pott & Co.. New-
York; $1. •
STORK'S NEST— By J. Breckenridge
Ellis. Moffat, Yard & Co., New York:
si 80/SgHHBnHBBMHM
STORY OF THE CHRIST CHILD—
By Margaret. E. Sangster., Moffat.
Yard & Co., ' New York; $2.
THE JOYS OF FRIENDSHIP— Edited
T>y-Mary Allette Ayer. Lee & Shep
ard. Boston; '$1.
ROMAN. WATER LAW— By Eugene
F. ,Ware (of the Topeka bar). West
Publishing Company. St. Paul. Minn.
DEERFOOT IN THE FOREST— -By
Edward S. Ellis. John C. Winston
Company. Philadelphia: $1.
THE FORT IN THE WILDERNESS—
By Edward Stratemeyer. Lee & Shep
an!. Eoston; $1 25. -.
DAVE PORTER AT OAK HALL— By
Edward Stratemeyer. Lee & Shepard.
! B °THe' BOY 'PATHFINDER— By WH-
Ham C. Sprague. Lee & Shepard. Bos
i ton: $1 25. ' /
TOLD IN THE GARDENS OF
ARABY— By Izora > Chandler and Mary
W. Montgomery. Eaton & Mains, New
York; 75 cents. . '.. . .
BACK TO BETHLEHEM .—. — Modern
Problems in the Light of the Old
Faith— By John H. Willey. Eaton &
Mains. New York; ?1.
BURDEN BEARING, and Other * Ser
mon? — By John Rhey Thompson. Eaton
\u25a0&' Mains. New York; 75 cent*. .
2324
Popular Autumn Dress Goods
AT REMARKABLE PRICES
* Here are a few fabrics selected from our stock for Special
Selling. Prices quoted are less than ever before. .
$1.5.0 FRENCH SILK VELVETS, 75c YARD
Your choice of our entire stock of Croise and French Silk
Velvets. Resrular Si.oo. $1.25 a"d $'-5O quality, 75c yard: in
Greens, Brown. Alice Blues. Reds, etc.;' also Black and Cream.
?5c Redfern Check Suitings, 39c Yard
In neat broken and invisible check effects, very stylish for coat
suits and children's dresses; colors, garnet, navy, brown and jasper;
also some new Oxford cray mixtures; 38 inches wide. A good '«|Qft
75c value. On sale Monday. • UU 0 * 1
$1.50 Imported Saxony Broadcloth, 95c Yard
In Black, Xavv. Royal. Brown and Green only. That's why
they're 95c instead of Si. .so. Color assortment is broken. Every thread
wool, 52 inches wide; chiffon finish. Sponged and shrunk free of
charge.
50c Yard 23-inch Japanese Silk, 29c Yard
Extra heavy quality in a great variety of colors; also black OQp
and white. On sale at, yard '. CO\t
75c Yard Changeable Taffeta Silk, 49c
Thi< is p. splendid value. It comes in plain as well as
changeable; they come in almost every shade and combination. /[Qn
On sale Monday at, yard *. "Oil
Sale Sample Lines of the Celebrated "Sircom"
Petticoats
We purchased the entire sample lines of the celebrated Sir-
\u25a0com Petticoats of Silks. Colonial Cloths, Sateens, Moreens and Al-
paca.. They go on sale Monday (to-morrow) morning at 'one-third
regular value.
$1.00 Sateen Petticoats, three different styles »>"C
$1.75 Sateen Petticoats, four different styles 91. 10
52.00 Colonial Petticoats, three different styles ...$1.48
Sr.^o Colonial Petticoats, five different styles $I'J3">
$^.00 Chiffon Taffeta Petticoats, colors and black JB3.f>*>
$sO Swiss Taffeta Petticoats, colors and black $"5.95
510.75 Swiss Taffeta Petticoats, colors and black $7.50
Suits, Coats, Jackets and Skirts
The balance of the recent purchase by our Eastern buyer of
manufacturers' stocks, of latest stylef, arrived yesterday, and will go
on sale to-morrow..
$15.00 Tailored Suits. Cheviots and Mixtures $9.85
52500 Tailored Suits, Broadcloths and Mixtures $1 7.50
$3500 Tailored Suits, Serges, Broadcloths and Mixtures $24.50
Raincoats One-Third Off
$151 5 00 Cravenette Coats, latest styles $9.75
$20 00 Cravenette Coats, latest styles $13.75
$1750 Covert Coats, five different styles $12.50
Lining Special, same as silk, FRFF Embroidery Lessons
for drop skirts and waist lining; • I\LL. Tucsd and
yard' 010 ": .!?!. * *'\u25a0 - - Pe i2i Frsda y. fr °™ I 4P- m.
STRJtVSS Sr FROHMJW, 105*107*109 Post j£
CAFE
ZINKAND
..Will Reopen..
Thursday, Nov. 2
| Completely Reno-
vated under the
Management 0f...
JOHN TAIT and
i GUSTAV MANN
KLEET FOR THE PACIFIC COAST,
PREDICTS ADMIRAL GOODRICH
Xaval Officer Declares That Within a
*Year the West Will Be
Amply Protected.
SEATTLE, Oct. 28. — Admiral Good
rich, commanding the Pacific squadron,
was the guest of honor at a banquet
Klven at the Rainier Club last evening.
In the course of a speech he made the
Fignlflcant statement that "within the
coming year the Pacific Coast would be
protected not by a squadron, but by a
complete Pacific fleet and a complete
fleet of torpedo-boat destroyers."
<£hasM*P\um &<£*
NINTH AND MARKET STREETS
EXTRAORDINARY RUG OFFER
Imported and Domestic Rugs Priced Below Cost
The extent of our Oriental Rug: business the past season
has lessened the demand for expensive Imported and Domestic
Rugs. Commencing: to-morrow, Monday, and all this week, we
offer an immense stock of Imported and. Domestic Rugs at
and helovr their original cost prices. This offer includes every
standard weave, all the usual sizes and innumerable patterns
from which to chooße. This is a splendid opportunity for the
business man to secure a g-ood floor covering: for his office as
well as for the tasteful furnisher to add a beautiful rug* to tho
home. Note the following- specimen values — a different list of
Items wlll.be publfshed in each announcement:
Imp. rtoTßl Wilton Seaxnleaß Ruff, 12x16, originally $135.. .$50.00
Thickly Tatted Saxony live, 11:3x16. originally $85, n0w..5«0.00
Imp. Seamless Aimlmlrr Rujr. 9:10x13:1, originally $55... £45.00
PerNlan Chenille Rue, 9x12. originally $45, now ....$32.50
Imp. Seamle«« Axmlnster Hup, 10:6x13:6, originally $90.. .550.00
Sanford A Smith's Axrnlnwter Ruk, Sxl2, originally $27.50.. 520.00
Scotch Templeton Seamless Axminster Rug-, 9x12, orlg-. $50.530.00
BlsrelOTr's French Wilton Raff, 9x12, originally $50, now. .$40.00
Imperial Smyraa Ros, 9x12, originally $40. now .825.00
Blffelow Body Brussels Ruff. 9x12, originally $29, now.. .$22.50
Hodffe* Fiber Ruff, 9x12, originally $17.50, now. ..1. 510.00
AII-Wool Art Square. 9x12. originally $12, now .......... $7.50
Enffllsli Felt Druffffet. 9x12, originally $13.50, now . . . $5.00
Enffltsfc Damascus Rur. 7:6x9, originally $10.50, n0w.... $7.50
Imported Seamless Wilton Hug, 5:7x8. originally $25,. . . .$lO.OO
English Xorfcery Druffffet, 9x10:6, originally $15, n0w.. .. $8.50
Royal Spartan Ruff. 9x12.- reversible — one side a handsome Em-
pire pattern, the other side a beautiful Persian design, orig-
inally $45, now .$30.00
Many More Values. Room Size Rugs From $5 Up.
ESTABLISHED ,IX SA.\ FRAXCISCO 1850.
MOUTH ORGAN BANDS
IN BRITAIN'S ARMY
Musical ; InnoTation Is In
troduced by East Sur
rey Regiment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. Oct. 28.— Perhaps military
organizations in the \ United States may
be interested In a new variety of military
band which is now a regular adjunct of
the First East Surrey Regiment of the
British army and which other martial
bodies in this country are planning to
copy.
This band, which was formed only re
cently, is composed entirely of perform
ers of the mouth-organ. All these musi
cians are members of the First East
Surrey Regiment, and their function
consists of relieving the regular regi-
mental band while on the march. The
effect of their playing seems to be a
good deal more stimulating than that
produced by a drum corps, and the new
idea appears. likely to be. extensively
copied throughout the British army.-.
Get Your ClothlnK* Now.
500 men's all-wool suits, suitable for
winter, worth |16. will be on sale to
morrow for $6 85, at Herman Lesser's,
1057 Market street, opposite Jones. •
Consumption Spread by Dogs.
PARIS, Oct. 2%. — Professor Landouzy
of the faculty of medicine makes the
remarkable statement that, dogs are
largely responsible for the spread of
tuberculosis.
This disease has been not only prev
alent, but on the increase among dogs
during; the last five years. The pro
portion of tuberculosis dogs "dissected
at th«» Alfort Veterinary School has
risen from 4>4 to 9 per cent. Most of
the diseaned animals belonged to small
cafe and restaurant keepers in Paris
and suburbs. °
, .... f _ . . . . .., t , - \u0084,->. •:•-•. * -,•\u25a0.--\u25a0 .^ \u25a0-,»\u25a0" --.*\u25a0-;\u25a0--,;-- - - \u25a0 (. / -- . -. -\u25a0-..\u25a0\u25a0 - , .----\u25a0: .-.- - , . -
THE SAN FRANCISGO GALL, SUNDAY, OGTOBER 29; ,1905.
RICH MAN ENDS
LIFE WITH GAS
Seattle Capitalist ajid plubr
man Jvills Himself Three
Mouths After His Wedding
WIFE ONCE A SINGER
Friends Unable to Account
for Deed of Maji Worth
a Quarter of a Million
SEATTLE, Oct. 28.— Frank B. Hubbell,
capitalist and clubman, reputed to be
worth close to $250,000, committed suicide
In his apartments at the Hotel Washing
ton to-day by inhaling illuminating gas.
Hubbell attached a tube to the; gas -Jet
and laid down on. the floor and sucked
the poisonous vapor Into his system. He
was found unconscious by his wife, whom
he married three months since. Hubbell
was brought back to life by administering
oxygen, but lived only three hours after
being discovered.
His wife and his friends can assign
no cause for the act. They say he ap
peared to be happy and that his financial
affairs were In first class condition." .The
dead man was 45 years old and owned
some of the most valuable business prop
erty in Seattle. His relatives live near
Ontario, Canada. Mrs. Hubbell was Miss
Helena Moore, one of the. best known
singers in the Northwest. -
V ALLB JO GIRL WEDS :'\u25a0\u25a0
XAVAL : OFFICER'S SON
Katliemie Mead Becomes the
Bride of William A.
Kirklaiid.
VALLEJO. Oct. 28.— William. Kirkland.
son of the late Rear Admiral Kirkland,
United States Navy,, was married tp-day
to Miss Katherine Mead, who for four
teen years has been in charge of the
telegraph office on Mare Island. Rev.
T. P. Burnham performed the ceremony
at the home of the bride's. mother. Miss
Georgia Macinnis, of, San Francisco, was
bridesmaid and J. Herbert Diamond,
chief clerk of the Ordnance Department,
groomsman.
TOWN TERRORIZED BY BOLD
GANG OF DAYLIGHT THIEVES
Burglars \u25a0 Make Raids on Stares, and
Cabins and Steal Varyinsr
Sums. \u25a0 <
SEATTLE, Oct. 28.— A gang of burg
lars that has been operating In the
Chinese and Japanese quarters of the
city of Cumberland, B. C, for the last
two days, has created a panic among
the Celestials there. Within forty-eight
hours no less than eleven stores and
miners' cabins have been broken open
and sums ranging from $5 to 1250
stolen. The police have thus far been
unsuccessful in loca^.ng the thieves,
who have not left the j slightest clew
to work on. The robbers always
choose for their visits a time when
th«»lr intended victims were at work
at the collieries or away from their
places of business.
FIRST CARLOAD OF THIS YEAR'S
ORANGE CROP IS SHIPPED
Tolare County ' Sends Consignment of
1905 Fruit to a Manl-
toba * Firm.
EXETER, Oct. 28.— The first 'carload
of th<* 1905 orange crop was shipped
from Exeter, Tulare County, this morn-
Ing by the California Citrus Union. It
Is consigned to the McPherson Fruit
Company of Winnipeg, Manitoba. The
shipment of oranges, from, this county
will commence in earnest next. week at
the rate of fifteen cars per day. The
crop of Washington navels • in this
county bids fair to be of. even better
quality than last year and will be
about an average crop.
VALVE BURSTS AND ENGINEER
CONXELL IS SCALDED TO DEATH
Horrible Fate of Chief Employed at
the Po vrer house of . Southern
\u0084 Electric Road. U
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 28.— Arthur Con
nell, chief engineer at the Los Angeles
Interurban Railway Company's power
house, was fatally, scalded to-«.lay by
escaping steam from an exploded valve
Connell was testing one of the engines
that had recently been- repaired when
a large valve burst, a piece', of metal
striking the engineer and render-
Ing him unconscious. Before he could
be rescued the scalding steam had fair
ly cooked the unfortunate man.
THIRTY-POUND .WILDCAT SLAIN
BY TWO SONOMA COUNTY BOYS
Little Fellows Creep Up On Vicious
Beast, Thinking It Is a '
Rabbit.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 28. — Silvio and
Kgldio Betterelll, two small lads, while
hunting for rabbits Sunday night, es
pied what they thought was an un
usually large one In the brush. They
crept up close and fired both barrels
cf a shotgun Into Its' body. After
shooting the little fellows learned that
they had shot a thirty-pound wildcat.
Had the gun missed fire or the animal
attacked them there would no doubt
be another story to tell.
OALIFORNIANS TO SAIL
ON MEDITERRANEAN TRIP
People From Santa Barbara Will De
part To-Day on \u25a0 the r Liner *
Romanic. \u25a0'/[
BOSTON, Oct. 28.— Among her saloon
passengers who will sail for/ the Medi
terranean to-morrow on the White
Star liner Romanic are Miss M. M.
Carter and Mrs. C. E. Vaughan of
Santa Barbara, Cal. They -will ! touch
at the Azores, Gibraltar, Naples* and
Genoa. ;; . '
Wonderful Fake Antiquities.
PARIS, Oct. - 28.— The police arrested
this week a dealer In "antiquities" who
seemed , entirely unaware i he .was.' break-
Ing the ; law. % He advertised "; as \ genuine
historical f relics a '\u25a0; collection of fraudu
lent objects which at least \ did credit to
his imagination. ,Manuto,c as he :Is
named, swore to*. the genuineness of the
bed on which- Marie Antoinette died,
slippers used by \ Cardinal Richelieu, the
original bathtub in which j Marat '•-• was
murdered,* the work-table .which belonged
to Charlotte Corday, the :.; pistol:,: with
which Boufanger killed himself, |a j pipe of
Edgar, Allan • Pde's, three ; pairs of , George
Washington's socks, the bow Tell
used, to shoot the apple from? his son's
head, a tooth of ; Raphael,' and .the bullet
which killed Abraham Lincoln. ' ;.- -
Commits Suicide Four Ways.
PARIS. ; 28.— A tailor named j. Louis
Sarton, having ; made up , his" mind , that he
wanted *to die, \went methodically, to work
to . insure that ; there should ;>be'" no"}mis
take., He '\u25a0 lighted a charcoal ; fire . after
stuffing paper Into} all : apertures; of doors
and windows,' then* swallowed aniline' dye/
Before 'I the poison" began ; Its "work he "cut
the /.veins -. in his !\u25a0 wrlstsl ' with :*: * at razor, 1
slipped bis , head , ihfb ]a '\u25a0 noose \u25a0 and rr s wung
himself -into; space 'and "eternity." "T" T > \u25a0 -
MAKES A PLEA
FOR NAVY YARD
Engineer Eousseau Pointy
Out^That Moire Moneys Is
Required for Mare Island
NEEDED [IMPROVEMENTS
Unless Larger Appropriation
That Has
Been Done May Be Lost
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING.
WASHINGTON, OcJ. 28.— Civil Engineer
H. H." Rousseau, U. S. N., at the Mare
Island \u25a0; navy yard, in his annual report
to the •Secretary of the. Navy, for itrie
current year, makes a strong plea for
the' development oi the .Aiare island
yard as the Paciric Coast naval | base.
He ;says in part:
":., "While the attitude of Congressidur
ingHhe last two sessions has been, on
thevdepartraent's recommendation, \u25a0 fa
vorable for the retention of the present
site*- of the navy yard for naval pur
poses, mainly perhaps, on the ground
that; it would not be good business pol
icy to abandon, the many millions of
dollars represented in the Mare Island
navy yard without at least making an
attempt to^preserve their value," there
has ..been felt a disinclination of >Con- ;
gress to continue the development of
the navy yard until the condition* of
the.' channel improve.. The cutting
down ! of : the appropriations has .been
very greatly felt and lessened, very
appreciably, what the efficiency and
capacity of the yard. would have been;
had the appropriations been continued
more liberally. During the past year
several' new factors have, made _ their,
importance felt and are constantly;
growing more in weight. If they .are
given the weight by those who deter-:
mine what appropriation shall be made
next year for this navy yard that those
who areVon the' grounds without - excep
tion, believe they : should receive,, the
appropriations necessary to. -carry out
the Improvements will, it is believed, be
more liberally granted as . being more
needed and 'more important than those
of any other naval base that our coun
try possesses. .: ' ' "
'.- "As stated hereinbefore, the most im
portant item is the continuing of chan
nel; Improvements in the Mare Island
Strait. The work has been limited up
to the present time to the shoal strip,
about one mile in length, extending
from the United States receiving ship
Independence to the -torpedo-boat
wharf. \u25a0 • .\u25a0. \u25a0 :
VWlth funds now available it is also
proposed to give attention to increas
ing the depth of the channel at the en
trance of the strait and also opposite
the navy yard proper, where' > necessary.
The work: up to 7 the present . time has
been; aimed to remove the mud already
deposited. The appropriation requested
for next year is to start in on the
work of reducing the quantity of silt
that now enters the Mare Island: Strait
from San Pablo Bay on each flood tide.
,' Since the work of channel improve
ment was commenced two : years . ago
only a little* more than $300,000 has
been' appropriated for this important
purpose. "With the permanent yard Im
provements at stake, which have, cost
considerably over $10,000,000, it : is cer
tainly worth spending up to at least
$1,000,000 to : prevent the , loss that
would ..result from "abandoning .these
improvements ; and the • fullj amount
asked for this purpose this year should
be granted." ' '.''; .'; ,
A Fine . Opportunity.
226 Powell- St., r the well
known and reliable ladies' tailor, an
nounces that the very best tailor-made
suits in the.."- city .'\u25a0 can now be had on
most reasonable terms.' '- • ; \u0084• .
WOMAN GIVES 7000
HOURS TO HER MIRROR
Rrntal French -Statistician Reduces ' to
Figures Tribute of Fair Sex
\ to ' Vanity.
BATONNE, Oct. 28.— A brutal statis
tician in France has' been calculating
the time that woman-; devotes to : the
mirror. She begins, he says, at the age
of six, and until ten she gives seven
minutes a day; from ten- to fifteen
years, a quarter of an hour; from,flf
tween to twenty, half an ;hour; -'. after
twenty the mirror claims a good hour
a day. .
But at a certain age it beginsito.lose
Its lntersst. ' 'A woman of sixty. flnd«
ten minutes a day quite enough. But,
taking the whole of her life, the sta
tistician reckons that, she "spends seven
thousand hours. ' or about ten months,
in front of the looking-glass. .
\u25a0PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY.— Petitions In
Insolvency were filed yesterday as ' follows:
Fred Qleisner, ' carpenter, Oakland, . liabilities
$470, no assets : Anthony •J. Oarbosey, laborer,
Berkeley, liabilities $429, no assets.'
Great
China
and
Grbckery Sale
It will save you
lots of money
Valuable
Coupons given
with every
purchase. Don!t
miss this sale.^
Great
American Importing Tea Co.
SAN FRANCISCO STORES ''Xi
KBlMnrket«St^' 313 Sutter St.
140 6th St.V r, 475 Hal»ht<St.
:i4« oth St.- - : sooa i«th ? st. ; j
3T.5 Hnyen St. 3285 Mission St.
- 200 3il St. i 2732 34th St. <
, 2.110 Mission St. 1832 Union, St.
705 I.arkln : St. 521 Montgrry. St
2008 Flllmore. 405 4th, St.:^ !.
52 Market St. 1810 Devlsad'ro
;i4lß!PolkiSt.; .
, 'OAKLAND;^TORES.
IOS3 \Vaßhlnsv 1185 '• : 2S«T Are. \u25a0•.:.
1510 7th St.^ Clfl E 12th- St.;
2141 Center lst.ifßerlteleyr
1355 Pnrk St.',; Alameila.
: Our' v l OO stores -
help v# v to" help you
' "R. : 'D^:D^yiS Via \u25a0.CO.-\ The Modest Price Store
W $"20- Suits G&lorc
w^i \u25a0 -".. • /FOR TO*MORJvOInr
o^^ 1% Long Coat and Eton Styles $25 Values
. jl \\W\k They arrived Saturday— -you have first call on them. Not a
WY >! tMftfflt suit is worth, less than $25.00.
Jr^^W There arenew idea Eton Suits in red, plum, black and gray and
tH* \u25a0 r- brown mixtures. Trimming designs are clever— absolutely new.
yjjt ,J \ Jackets are silk or satin lined. Skirts are cleverly trimmed.
KSM II Or if you 1 prefer Long Coat Suits, there are some in black and
7X j-;i 1 navy broadcloth. Only enough td last to-morrow — don't be too
Sm-im Cravencttcs $10.50 ;s7.so'SKirls -$5.95
///Hsm » I $15.00 .values— A Monday- special. The design is clean cut. The ma-
X/f/Jiill I \ \u25a0 \mV' The style-is right— double breasted; terial -is a hard finish suiting — a salt
////// J$ 'ill ''\u25a0\u25a0II :|\ W\ collarless; m ew idea sleeve,' etc. Col- and pepper . mixture with a delicate
~t*H . i l/r ll n\ \u25a0 ' Wsy ors are. Oxford gray and tan. : ... Wor- white stripe line in evidence. Hip
\u25a0•////')\u25a0 i Mi—/^ manship is perfect. Cravenette time strap effects and groups of plaita are
'.\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 - '.. ' ==^^i : i //// - \u25a0'; //£ .^_ y^"^ is coming shortly and it will' come notable points.
with a rush: Be prepareS. : Only a few at this price reduction.
New Novelty NccK^car All Feathered Hats $1.95
; A special display for to-morrow. ?•:-,. ' Regular value, $4.00.
Stoles in black or white silk/at $500 and The all-feather hat is <*t&B&i^rf£ik.
$6-50- \u25a0•\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 '= • one of fashion's fads this
Ostrich Stoles in white-pink, light blue and can By purchasing an
black, at $18-50 and $22-50. importer's surplus stock igSSSgStr
tt j r' l"''-j ' j.'si 1 «r- #m- r\r\ ' we bought them at half *J39bSKSCkS»
Hand Embroidered. Stocks, 85c to $5-00 pri cc- y ou can buy them ;
c ?. C on the same basis. -. £*W jSS
;.-.;\u25a0. And many other exclusive novelties of ;; a •, There are turbans, the (^
.character in keeping with the Davis store Stan- ' various turn-up shapes and y^ Jwi
-x" — , \u25a0 cie i 1 c^ '~,'-''r'.\ far, the, greatest hat sale
. Bureau Scarfs and Squares ° f the season •\u25a0
A little out of the usual order, but we could not , TV%O TJr>r»rlafi Xt»ffTlTnfnrts: ;
resist the opportunity to buy this splendid lot: 1 fly IICCUeU " 1 rimilllligo. ....
. Guipure Bureau Scarfs (18x54) and 32-inch squares As an accompanying feature we have made ready
in. new semi-handwork, open-work designs (not^or-, , t of trimmings which will go well with the feath-
dinary^sale stuff), will be sold to-morrow CQ j ered'shapes offered above.
at, each ;.... ' There are Wings and Breasts at BOc. A srreat
The regular price is $1.25.; Like designs may be variety of -colors and sizes.
\u25a0'-•\u25a0had; in 'both squares and scarfs. The desjens are Fancy feather pieces at 25c. All special values
.strictly new. See them to-morrow, sure. 'for the week. \..~
Sale of Fine Lingerie Waists Pillow Ribbon
-^^. By far the most important A oaie
if^^^^k waist news of the season. This A decidedly new thing in pillow
%ipBn?r lot of fin e hand-embroidered lace ribbon. The base is grass, linen.
f V)psr?\ trimmed mull waists came to us The cd £ es are finished with bands
jg§^ A at a great reduction in price. They °* washable luster jsilk in blue,
T»fc-^-^ ' l l j 1 1- *. yellow, violet, pmk and old rose.
have been used as samples, but \ flnr . u o j j • 1
< •^^ asS^ ' ' j 1 v « t .- " ora^ band design runs along
\ /^s«l^fc\ are clean and fresh, the best of O ne side. It is a novelty, beautt-
:^^ra?HW\ the beSt faH lin^ erie waists -- ful, serviceable, and instead of 45c
U f.Hi^^'^m^m \ The hand-embroidery work is you pay >•* ,
if; \^^^i^^§^^^M\%^\ rich, the lace trimming is deli- -.
/ jg^>s*p : j-~'y». ,^\ y^tC** "* 'Jsn cstc trie mstcnsJ is 3.nd %^ %*> * %&«
'%eSs*4o^Wi§S. As a whole the waists aie . . .
ft- Hi '/!M&&' cle s ant » and at these price reduc- Other Specials -
'^^^^^^ W^^^ tions great values.' 25c Taffeta (4-inch).. 15c
$5-°o to $7.50 Waists. ...... $3-50 35c Mes^aline (6-inch) 22C
•^TOiilT $8.50 to $10.00 Waists $5-00 27c Black Taffeta (4-inch).. 18c
~l~ l $10.00 to $15.00 Waists. .. .$7-50 65c Roman Stripe (4-inch)., ,22c
Perrin £si • O /9 Standard
|||p»gp|||||| loc --
Every Test GRANT AVENUE AND GEARY. ' None Higher
PHIPPS SECURES
A LONDON HOME
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON,/; Oct. 28.— 1n a severely
plain Georgian- mansion Henry- "W.
Phipps, Pittsburgh's multi-millionaire
and former; partner .of Andrew Car
negie,, is now. settling: down for a term
of residence in town.; If he were in the
United States it , is doubtf ullwbether he
\u25a0v^ould give a second- glance to'such an
ordinary looking building— especially. If
it needed paint as badly as does this
one— but seeing that Mayfair is small
and Americans •; desiring houses . therein
are numerous, Phipps - cannot afford to
be too particular.
The new ; headquarters of . the Fhlppa
belongs to the. Earl of Crewe and is in
the . most .desirable' part of Curzon
street— a thoroughfare , often called
London's Fifth avenue. Unlike his
American neighbors . of distinction,
however, Phlpps Is sheltered from ob
servation of the curious by a twelve
foot '.brick wall ; and the tourist from
Pi ttsbur g who , wants to see how his
fellow townsman lives -will , have to
face a lodge-keeper of discretion.
As Lord Crewe has owned the plaoe
only three, years, 'it. Is "better known as
the home of the Stuart-Wortley family.
It was. built In 1753,' long- before May
fair was ja - fashionable*- place :of. resi
dence," and after, generations." of occu
pancy by. the Stuart-Wof tleys It .', cost
his Lordship ofj Crewe \u25a0. $450,000. ..Dur
ing the last few" years the .value of the
property; In 'this grimy ; little street | has
steadily increased^so that,: although no
information ,is /forthcoming as ;to the
actual " amount : Phlpps I pays , In rent, ; It
is i safe : tol assume i that llt runs Into j flve
ngures.xJvThe ordinary dwellings In this
neighborhood -let; ;for^slo,ooo -to^ $15,000
just f or the : "seasonV/arid ;Cre"we ; House
Is an aristocrat among them. " >
• Kxactly.;, across :. Curzon * streetV. from
PhippsV new ; ; home towers ;' Sunderland
House/whose curtainless wiridows'now
reveal, "empty-, rooms ;.andi. furniture
swathed , In ; hollands 'to ; await ? the\re
turn \u25a0; of; the \ Duchess V of i Marlborough
f rom 4 - America.'-, The I Marlborough'resi
dence is; the! most imposing building In
the • streettahd is ': one. of ; the finest prl
yate^resid>ences;ln A London^ i* : ~ : :'-'l .?> [;'\u25a0'
'\u25a0T A'; few steps up Curzon = street, "toward
Park :\u25a0 lane.f are Mrs.'" l Adair's ; t h wn house
and *the\resldehceiof the" Bradley, Mar
tinSvJ; Down? the- 1 other > ; . way / '•'-.- toward
Berkeley ; * Square: are * several other
houses t occupied X from* time ; ; to';time l by
Americans Jfof^ prominence, r ;v7hile \u25a0; just
back r ins Bruton^ street : -\u25a0\u25a0' 1 -is; the well
known ' residence of .Mrs. Frank
Mackey/'-V' ;i; i ': ; / ' \u25a0\u25a0."\u25a0': ' ']/'.'. .
Kunnton ' In ' the ,- South.
\u0084 ; SAN; DIEGO, Oct.; 28.— General Fred
erick '?; Fuiistqn;> accompanied \u25a0 byKLieu
tenant '~ : . Mitchell,',: his {aid,; arrived^ here
last Vjilglit; to \ make ithe annual : Inspec
tion', 6f , the . posts under, his ' department.*
MostjOf;,theTdayV;was j"spehty at'f Fort
Rosecrahs.^GenerallFjUnston twill leave
for San Francisco I Mondays at^ noon. • ; :
Autos Blamed for . Pneumonia.
LONDON, Oct. 28.— Professor Oliver, lec
turing at the Royal Institute of Public
Health, inveighed against the danger aris
ing from motor-car dust. He believed
this was responsible for the large in
crease in ~ cases of pneumonia - last sum
mer, the dust | springing from . wooden
pavement 3 being particularly obnoxious.
Motors, he* said, stirred up germs of ev
ery description from the surface of the
roads, which germs remained in suspen
sion? a considerable time on a level with,
the mouths and noses of passers-by, in
creasing the quantity of dust and smoke
in the atmosphere' and " assisting In the
g^*"l '/ \u25a0 //////' I 7 w I — Quartered oak 8- foot exten-
~~& Q 2 — Golden quartered oak china
/' •f ; /// /// \u25a0' t H •"* closet ; hand-caryed orjna-
\ . I; W_ ' y// ' ;t^ . a ments ; bent plate and leaded
li >[ "' '//' ' />'-% '>\ ass ». mirrored back; plate-
;iii2dßf!l $9Q- 00
I \] \u25a0 • y // ";t S| 33 — Golden quartered oak china
*1 j ' WPTA'JI "'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0T' 11 . - closet: same description as ,
THE OLDEST AMP MOST *£L t/tBLE FORWTU/JE HOUSE MTHEjItTY
1017-JO23MISSION ABOVE SIXTH
creation of fogs and mists, contributing
undoubtedly to the diminution of sun
shine observable in late years and to tho
general deterioration of the English cli
mate. - " -; '{
Centenarian Commits Suicide. '
PARIS, Oct. 28.— After having Hved to
be 100 years old Major Desmarets, a re
tired officer living at Melun, a suburb
of this city, has committed suicide. Sons*
weeks ago the major fell and broke his
leg and the pain occasioned by the in
jury was so great that it affected his
mind and he took his own life by hang
ing himself.The Call Prints More News Than Any Other Paper PuM
THE WEATHER.
Forecast for October 29:
San Francleoo and vicinity — Fair
Sunday, with fog In the morning; fresh
west winiM. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVIII— NO. 151.
CZAR AGAIN YIELDS TO THE BUREAUCRACY AND ORDERS TROOPS TO PUT DOWN REVOLT
Opinion of Diplomats in Russian Cap * /^^^^^J|||^^^^^^^^^^^^w^^^\^3>^^^-^S^^KS?^^^ Survive Much Longer
ST. PETERSBURG, Get. 28. --Emperor Nicholas has again yielded to the bureaucracy, is withholding the reforms which he promised within
the past week and has ordered that the incipient revolution be suppressed with sword and cannon. After two days spent at Peterhof in an endeavor
to persuade the Emperor to adopt a conciliatory policy,. Count de. Witte admits his failure. De Witte, however, has won to his support General
Trepoff, hitherto the most uncompromising foe of the Liberal movement.
NEW YORKER
ROBBED OF
LARGE SUM
James Dunn Loses
$5000 in Coin
and Jewels.
Womanlnvolved Forced
to Disgorge Part of
the Loot.
Police Hush Matter in Order
\u25a0 to Shield Name of the
Notorious Essex.
The local police have been investi
gating' for three days the disappear
ance of $5000 in money and jewelry,
the property cf James Dunn, a capital
ist of New York, who claims he was
robbed of his diamonds and part of his
money in the notorious Hotel Essex, on
Mason street. Thursday night. The po
lice have discovered that a woman
known in the tenderloin district as
Grace Brooks lured Dunn to her room
in the Essex, where she plied him with
\u25a0wine until he was stupid and then
turned him out in the street, minus his
Jewelry.
Later it became known to the police
that several thousand dollars in certi
fied checks and currency that Dunn
had on his person were also missing.
,I>etectives Bunner and Freel finally
traced the Brooks woman to a house
on O'Farrell street, to which she had
fled with a male companion. She was
V»ken fnto custody and subjected to
the "sweating" process for forty-eight
bours, when she grave the officers a
cl<--w to the whereabouts of Dunn's
jewelry, part of which has since been
recovered.
Dunn was formerly the owner of a
hotel in New York. He is well known
In that city and locally. He has been
staying at the St. Francis Hotel.
Friends of Dunn found him wander
ing along Mason street at an early
hour' Friday morning in a dazed condi
tion. It was some time before 'he
could talk coherently, his actions de
noting that he had been drugged.
When he partly recovered conscious
ness he said that he had been lured to
a room in the Essex by Grac« Brooks
and a companion named Eastland.
..When Dunn left the St. Francis
Hotel Thursday night he had in
• wallet two certified checks for
SJQOO each and S2OOO in bills. He wore
}ew*lry valued roughly at $850, con
efstlngr of diamond studs, diamond cuff
buttons and a diamond pin In the shape
of a horse. All the Jewelry was gone
end he had only a few dollars in his
jackets when his friends found him.
'.The police have kept the matter
etrictly quiet, evidently to protect the
resort. It was for this same reason
that the Brooks woman was permitted
to gro free, though she was practically
caught with the goods. Dunn's friends
have persuaded him not to prosecute
her because of the notoriety it would
bring.
Dunn says that he has a hazy Idea
th»t he gave some money to saloon
keepers to take care of for him. The
police are endeavoring to locate the
places where he left it.
Dunn is at present in a Hammam
Baths trying to separate himself from
a violent headache. At the St. Francis
Hotel all knowledge of the robbery is
denied. All that is known there is that
Dunn had some jewelry and now he
has it not. v
* OBJECT TO JEROME'S
\u25a0 XA3IE OX THE BALLOT
br*clal Diepatcfc to The Call
NEW YORK. Oct. 28.— That there will
be opposition by the Democratic party to
the placing of the name of William Tray-
<-rs Jerome on the official Republican bal-
lot is practically assured. The certifica
.tion of the action of the recon\-ened Re
publican county convention in suggesting
the name of Jerome for that of former
Judge Flammer was filed with the Board
of Elections to-day. The board will pass
upon the question of the validity of the
certificate as soon as Dossible. What
course the board will take Is uncertain
and the question may have to be deter
mined by the courts. In the event of the
board deciding in favor of the Republican
convention that the name of the District
may legally appear on the bal
lot, it was intimated to-day that the
Democratic party might find In this
ground for a protest against the validity
of Jerome's election, should he be elected.
The San Francisco Call.
OHIO SUES
INSURANCE
COMPANIES
Action to Oust New
York Life and
Mutual.
Accused of Having Vio
lated the Laws of
the State.
Court Is Asked to Appoint
Receivers to Take Charge
of Funds.
f-Veclai Dispatch to Tbe Call.
AKRON. 0., Oct. 28,— Quo warranto pro
ceedings were commenced in the Circuit
Court here this afternoon by Prosecuting
Attorney Hagelbarger, on ' the advice of
ex-Attorney General Monette, of Ohio,
against the Mutual Life Insurance Com
pany and the New York life Insurance
Company, to oust them from the' State by
taking their franchises from them, on the
ground that the' companies have misused
their powers for the past five years in
violation of the laws of the State. Thir
ty-three interrogatories are submitted to
the companies to be answered.
The petitions filed ask that the fran
chise held by the Mutual Life Insurance
Company and the New York Life Insur
ance Company be taken frdm them and
that they be prevented from doing busi
ness in this State. The petitions also
ask that receivers be appointed by the
Circuit Court to take charge of all of
the funds collected, premiums paid by
policy holders of the two companies in
the State and that the receivers collect
all premiums due and hold the funds in
trust.
It is alleged in both petitions that the
companies have during the past five years
misused their franchises, now hold con
tracts that are in direct violation of the
insurance laws of this State, and that
both companies in their annual state
ments to the Insurance Commissioners
failed to disclose a large and substantial
sum which was contributed to Cornelius.
N. Bliss, one of the memberjs of the Re
publican National Committee, the amount
of which is said to have been in excess ]
of $109,000. It Is also alleged that the j
\u25a0 companies paid out under the guise of
fees $256,000 to lobbyists to influence the
Legislature in this State and in other
States and that the funds of the policy
holders in this State are being wrongfully
expended and to that extent wholly dis
sipated and squandered for illegal, crim
inal and fraudulent purposes. It is fur
ther alleged that the statements filed by
both companies were fraudulent and in
direct violation of the provisions of the
charters held by the companies in this
State.
The receivers to be appointed are au
thorized by the petition to make all cor
rections of premiums and funds due to
the companies in this State, to hold the
fame to be paid out as death benefits un
til tbe final hearing of the cases.
Copies of the petitions were served
on Captain H. O. Feederlee and D. King
Paige, agents of the two companies in
this county.
JEALOUS HUSBAND
TAKES FIVE LIVES
Kills Wife, Her Friend and
Two Children and Then
Himself.
Special Dispatch to The Call
GLOUCESTER COURTHOUSE, Va!,
Oct. 28.— R. E. Gressett was shot and
killed this morning by W. D. Coker,
who had been concealed under the
steps of Gressetfs home. Coker sent
word to the officers to come to his
home at Greenwood, as he had killed
Gressett. Just as the officers reached
Coker's house they heard the report
of a gun, and on entering the house
found Coker dead. He had already
killed his wife and two little girls, one
6 and the other 9. Mrs. Coker was pre
vious to her marriage Miss Robbie
Roy, daughter of Lieutenant Robert
Roy, and a cousin of Mrs. A. J. Mon
tague, wife of Virginia's Governor.
When the officers entered the home
they found Coker dead, sitting upright
in a chair. His gun was' lying across
his knees. The wife and children had
been shot, killed and laid out and coins
placed over their, eyes. Coker left, a
note, in which he said he killed his
family to save them from disgrace. He
named Gressett and his brother as the
cause of his trouble.*
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1905---PAGES 25 TO^36;
EVEN DE WITTE UNABLE TO END ANARCHY
NO MERCY TO BE SHOWN
BY THE CZAR'S SOLDIERS
Minister Bouligan Says That Henceforth Troops
Will Punish All Infractions of the Law.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 28. — That the Czar* heart has been hardened
and that he has thrown over the policy of srrnntlnsr Immediate concessions
la indicated by the development* of to-day.
Minister Bouligan of the Department of the Interior, in an interview:
to-day, said: ' • j'-"'j '-"'
"The situation is grave, but not desperate. The rumors that the Czar
has fled, that a state of seige has been declared, that a constitution and uni
, versal suffrage have been granted, that Count de Witte has been appointed
dictator and that Minister Pobledotiostseff has resigned are all untrue. Our;
trouble is due to lack of governmental, unity. Each Minister reports to the
Crar separately, thus frequently getting a ukase which conflicts -with some
other department. Thus the Minister of Public Instruction,- General Glazoff,\
obtained autonomy for the universities without informing me;. ''hence meas
ures were not taken to, prevent the universities . becoming "disseminators of
anarchy. ;
"It was proposed to form a responsible Cabinet before the Douma was
authorized. But Count. Solsky, hoping that the announcement of : the Douma
would quiet tue_country, caused ;the order to be; revoked.' thus leaving the
Government headless. The organized revolutionists obey' one head, having
a distinct advantage over, the Government In this respect.
"Count de Witte has presented to the Czar a programme; which, if his
Majesty approves it, will make De Witte '\u25a0 Premier,; but not dictator.": Count
de Witte Is the right man at the 'right 'time. '% He Will rally! the % Jews, by
whom" I am convinced ; the attempted .revolution -is v being "financed; .to' the
support : of ' the Government. 'The. revolutionary commit tee {'consists jof - .six
Jews," two Poles, one Russian and /one Armenian. ; ' ,' , ..
"We neither underestimate nor overestimate the present danger. BJoody
days are possible, , but law, and -order will triumph;' Personally,; I believe
that nine-tenths ; of the attendants - at ; university meetings "are mere -idlers.
"Henceforth - anarchical exuberance and nil f orinw of terrorizing will be
forblddeu. Should the revolutionist* break the law, (ienernl TrepofTa 40,
000 MolAlers tvIH sho?v no merry. '. ' /. \u25a0'\u25a0"''"\u25a0
"Rumors that several cities ,; have : fallen; ln to^the hands: of- the '.revolu
tionists, that troops; have' mutinied 1 and that have .been blown'up
at Sevastopol are pure;inventions."v" j ; • i V ',",*
TREPOFF NOW DE WITTE'S ALLY
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct.-; 25.-Day after
day passes without Uhe'; promulgation of
Russia's new governmental \u25a0 system, 1 * a j re-*
' \u25a0 TT^ ' ' r7I:V..v
Special Dispatch to The Call.
sponsible ministerial cabinet # to bring or
der; _out of I the U present
chaos. * Count de Witte, to whonv all . fac-
SCENE IN THE CZAR- a CAPITAL.' DURING THE STRIKE RIOTS OF LAST SPRING. "WHICH ARE NOW BEING DUPUCATED.
\u25a0NOT : ONLY IN ST.^PETERSBURG, BUT IX EVERY CITY,- TOWN AND -VILLAGE THROUGHOUT THE EMPIBE. AND
WHICH HAVE THE SUPPORT OF THE EDUCATED CLASSES. / ' '
tior.Silock'to assume the Premiership, has
spent ; almost the , entire; time of the past
two days at. Peterhof, wrestling" with the.
Emperor," insiritlrisr /upon 'conditions. in'ccn-
T?ctijn" with* his appointment which his
Majesty is unwillihp, to grant. Upon his
return to St.**; Petersburg to-night Count
dv, Witte -^announcrdj.'\that the cabinet
project; : ,which ' has .been lying signed for,
throe .days -oh ;the « Emperor's I table, \will
not be promulgated to-morrow, Intimating
th'erebj'lithat Shis Z- programme, '^whlch is
known. to include a; species of constitution
involving -the. granting of. "four, liberties"
—freedom of speech; freedom of assembly,
freedomlfof :the> press '.'and /freedom : of .the
person-^has ". not been accepted. ,.: 1 1 Ist felt
hcre-that.theVdelay. cannot be ..long pro
tracted ' and 'i that \u25a0 it . is .only., a question ; of
hours ;when the .Emperor confides the' for
tunes of the dynasty ; and ! the Government
tnV Count AlelWltte's^hands.^; *:. > :'\u25a0.'.-".", r
.^Meanwhile the. situation; ls passing, from
bad to worse, I , with matters at the moment
In 1 a : state j'of equilibrluni.*-;, The
chiefs .; state are^atfa jloss 'to act t and
the revolutionists, ; encouraged by the. "\u25a0in-"
Contlnued on Page 27, . Column 3.
THE THEATERS.
: ALCAZAR— "April Weather." M&tl
• - n«e-. \u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 ' \u25a0
CALIFORNIA— "The Star Show Girt*."
Matinee. UTijajii ij ijouW^JHujimu
* CENTRAL.— "The Girl Engineer."
-\u25a0 Matine?. \u25a0"'.-.. ..•.-. \u25a0 . \u0084 . .
COLUMBIA— "The Way to Kenmare.".
CHUTES^-Vaudevllle. Matinee. ' I
• GRAND-^'Peggy From Paris." . Matl
' ne#. -\u25a0 " \u25a0 "•\u25a0*•.%- - • \u25a0 -
MAJESTIC— "The County Kalr." Mat-
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville. Matins*.
TTVOIJ— Gjand Opera.
\u25a0 •" • ;—; —
Intellectual Classes Are Back of
Industrial Movement.
vents in Kussiaoeem Marching
to a Stormy Climax.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 28.— Events seem marching: to a stormy climax la Rus
sia. At last Count Sergius de Witte gravitates. suddenly to the position
his admirers have : lons expected ;. for the "Indispensable Minister." But.
.' • '. \u25a0. \u25a0 • \u25a0 ' '. ; " " \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.-•',", \u25a0 ••\u25a0 J \u25a0
it is by. nomcans certain that he. will be able to stem- the torrent.
.The! exit t luc Industrial situation '; la far.' from being the most ' puzsliaz
element; of :ttae\case. Behind .the.; strlkers^a»e ; the] Intellectuals, and work
men rand \u25a0 «t tiden ls are co-operating:; *°>" common : ends that remained simply
unthinkable: uhfWthe; union vras effected. '\u25a0,
:,Only , a foitnigh't" has, elapsed -since Prince Troubetzkoy died, gloriously
pleading' for freedom' of speech. During the Interval ; the "Sons of Rus
''sianvFreedom", have- scattered throughout; European Russia extracts from
his famous, article In the. Russkiya Viedomostl, which closed with . these
ringing words: ": -Vy- \u25a0 - /•-.;. I
'\u25a0' "The question of revolution or.no revolution will be found ' to . depend
.upohithe'nature'of the electoral system which the \u25a0. Government •\u25a0; decides to
adopt." ' " v; ' \u25a0C " • ."' ;
"•Troubetzkoy's- wish, was for a constituent assembly, an Institution De
Witte says: isj Impracticable* at present, since It would throw all the power
into -the l hands of ,.the.,wealthyc2lasses. The intellectuals reply, that .they
.are; ready . to, take} the^risks of universal suffrage, even in" illiterate parts
/.of . the .country, -because the thin? 'to; be gained is a forum- of discussion
constituted, by.- the" law> part of the Government. ./ . \u25a0 •: *.
. De-\Vitte; points; to the history of; such an assembly in 'France, at the
"close of |the eighteenth' century,* reminding the intellectuals that absolute
; power- f ell j then, Into; the. hands of disorderly characters. They reply, that
'even iii- France 'Robespierre's/ did better than Louis Capets. $
: ! : This'} means .a-.bloody;, revolution if It : Is not stopped soon. "The wish
, 'of - Nicholas -tot go- to "j Denmark, Is;, interpreted 'in 'only one way by the Rus
.', sian'r^liiberals. v ,-They; say I openly coming ; events cast .their shadows
-before.-.- The s Czar's advisers ' feel: the ground giving-. way beneath their feet
or they. would^not; turn for rescue 7 to ' the detested De Witte.
."' ; Great things will : occur r within twelve months. V
PRICE FIVE CENTS.26
GAIN ED 7 Q j^(J U IN Uo
** M^" MR. HENRY SABIN - . Avff Jamaica" N\ V? Aptn l^', 1905.
Duffy's Pure. Malt Whiskey
Is the only positive cure and preventive of pneumonia, consumption, grip, bronchitis, coughs, colds, diseases of the
thront .and lungrs. malaria, feveTs. rtomaeh and bowrl troubles, and all wasting, run-down, diseased conditions of tho
body. Qv«r *O<H) centenarians ow^ their loner life and continued health, strength, activity and usefulness tothe grand
rr.p<licsm-. trbfcb lias the matchless record of over 4.000.000 cures. in fifty years. It Is Invaluable for overworked men,
tired, nervous, delicate women and sickly children. Duffy's makes the old young: and She young: strong. It Is abso-
lutely pure, contiiins no. fusel oil. and is the only whiskey recognised by the Govornment as a medicine. ' „..
<AITIOX — U'bm liuylnc: n«rr>-*n from your <lriißtfi.it or jcroeer insist on receiving the ernuinc You'll recocnlre
the "Ol<l <'li^niliit~ on the label. Do not nre«*pt harmful auhstltutrs sold by unßcrtii»ulou» dealer* for profit only. Duf-
fv'»< |h ihc only Mlfe. brlpful. pure malt «vhi»kr>-. rrl«'e. $1.00. If your dealer can't supply you. write directly -to
Dufl> Mail Whiskey Co.. Rorliewter. .\. Y. '*
NOTED THEATER
WILL BE RAZED
tpedfcl DJijiatch to Th« Call.
LONDON. Oct. 2S.— After a career of
over sev<m;. years, the Strand Theater.
[which is one of the most famed as well
«s one «jf the oldest of London play
bousee, is marked out for destruction.
Its sitf it wanted by the promoters of
x>ne of th«- new /'tube" railways, who are
willing to pay more for It than could
\>? made" out of the theater in fifty years-,
end s<j the "merry iittle Strand," as it
us<=-d to bo called, will have to go.
The Strand ha<= the distinction of being
rrcbabJy the only Ix>ndon playhouse to
.which admission has ever been gained
through the purchase of confectionery.
What You Can Do
In a Piano Way
This Week
! We cannot think of a time when more or better piano
and piano-player bargains have been on our floors than are
; at the present time. Upwards of a dozen different makes of
pianos that are easily worth half again as much as we are
1 asking for them. Some of them are almost new. They
are pianos we have taken in exchange for more expensive
instruments. Some of them are pianos that have been
rented, but all are good pianos, and will do good service
for years to come.
i * Equally* good opportunities are offered those who may
.wish a piano-player. We have several Angelus piano-
! players that have been used, or they are styles discon- -
I tinued from regular manufacture, but they, are In perfect
playing order. We are offering them $50 to $100 less than ~
regular prices.
Real Bargains in Used Pianos :
Fischer Piano- Price new "s4oo. $175
Mediu:ii size* piano, full octave and in excellent playing condition. It
cam*: to us in trade. .. - • .
Emerson Piano — Price new $350. ... $250
? Piano was taken in exchange for a more expensive Instrument. It Is
• full flz** and scale. ' .
I Steinway Piano— Price new $775 ... .,.SS7S
: The opportunity Is rare. Indeed, when you "can secure a Steinway piano
at anything less than regular price. Right on our floor, now arc- two
Stefaway pianos; oae of them is almost new; the other one, while it has
been used a longer time, is one of the later styles. . Your choice in raa-
hog-a.ny or walnut. One at $575 and one at $550.
j Plymouth Piano— Price new $310 . . . . . .$2OO
Piano has been used, but practical worth unimpaired. Looks like new.
Nice action and splendid tone.- It's a bargain. ? ;•";'
j Thayeir Piano— Price new $250 ... : . . . $200
X Ad excellent medium grade piano, used only a short time; you wouldn't
know it had been used at all. Pretty oak case. Standard size;
three pedals.
Barnes & Son Piano— Price new 5350. . $240
• One of the most artistic styles Barnes & Son ever made. A fine mahog-
any case. This etyle and make of piano was sold by dealers East at
* 5400 to" $450. Our price was $100 less. Xow $240.
Starr Piano— Price new $325 ..... ...5250
| Another genuine bargain. This piano has been little used. Looks quite
J!ke new. It means'u bonaffde saving- of fully $75. ''-.: -\u25a0- — . —
Schubert — Woodbury — Estey — Richmond
.Are -other makes an "which, a, most substantial saving in price' may be
I made, and they »r« pianos that are fully guaranteed, with privilege' of :
exchange If not entirely satisfactory. **
"\u25a0-.'-.\u25a0 - • '' ' -''Vi" '\u25a0"> "
I Used Piano Piayeffe
Much Less Than Regular Prices:
| ONE in Black case; regular price. $250; for. ................ .if»ls«
ONE in Oak case; regular price, $250; f0r. ..............;; ;.§l9si
ONE in Walnut case: resrular price, $250; f0r. ........ '\u25a0'.% .... ,^2OO
i ONE in Walnut case: regular price, $250; for. .. .............$l5O
ONE in Mahogany case; regular price, $250; f0r. ........;.. .^l5O
All are the Famous Angelus Make.
I Easy.ttrms of payment may be arranged
•~rr~~: — ~ — — ~ — -"-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 — ;.-.,,^ M
Sherman, Glay & Co.
Steinway Piano Dealers
for thirty-five years at Kearny and Sutter streets, San Francisco, /
Several years after its'opening in IS3I by
Ben Rayner, a popular impersonator of
Yorkshire characters, the Strand was
taken by an actress named Waylett, who,
owing to a technical -dispute, failed to
obtain a theater license. Accordingly,
during her regime, patrons of the Strand
paid a dollar at an adjoining confection
er's for a box of lozenges and were "pre
sented" with a box ticket, while half an
ounce of peppermint drops carried with it
admiFcion to the pit.
In recent years the Strand has been the
scene of some lengthy runs— lengthiest
of all that of "A Chinese Honeymqon,"
which was played for over 1000 nights and
established a record. Toward the end of
its career.' a sign was put up in front of
the playhouse which read: "Established
MCIXII." "The Brixton Bursary" and
"Our Flat" were two big Strand suc
cesses*, another being Broadhurst's famous
American farce "What Happened to
Jones."
>EW FARCE WELL RECEIVED.
R. C. Carton's chariot wheels ran off
the track of success for a while, but
they got back on again with "Mr. Hop-
THE SAN FRANGISeo;:GALL; SUNDAYfOGTOBER 29, ;1905:
kinson," and continue to run smoothly
with "Public Opinion," .an . out-and-out
farce, played for the first time on any
stage at Wyndham's Theater this week.
According to this play, a music hall fa
vorite is bringing the usual breach of
promise suit against an amiable and Impe^
cunlous viscount. The secret arrangement
between the precious pair is that they
shall get married if "Pansy" wins the
suit, and that the Viscount's, contribution
to the exchequer shall be whatever
"Pansy" can extract from his family by
meant, of the suit, while "Pansy's" con
tribution shall be whatever she can ex
tract from four distinguished admirers,'
who in earlier days have witten compro
mising letters to her. ,
The farce Is chiefly concerned with the
latter phase of the scheme nnd with the
wild efforts ofHhe four ex-admirers (one
of whom is the very judge who is trying
the breach of promise suit) to get hold
of the letters. They come together in
"Pansy's" flat, Into which each has
broken in the hope of stealing the let
ters he has, written; and then they all
come together in the home of an Innocent
but irascible man whom they suspect of
having obtained possession of the letters.
It .would. bfi rather elementary fun i f
ttLwere ,ipr c . the." Wit* 6" r i the dialogue
and* the "continued Ingenuity "of the' busi
ness. For the most part there is", sur
prisingly little vulgarity. ;in Carton's
treatment of a subject that easily, might
have produced humor of ther cheap 'and.
nasty sort. But every important charac-,
ter in the play is either a hypocrite or
else disreputable or unpleasant for some
other reason.. The sama was true of "Mr.
Hopkinson." The author's" wife, Miss
Compton, has her usual part of a slangy,
good-natured, easy-going lady -of. fash
ion. Nearly every member of \u25a0 the com
pany is of stellar rank, and the success
of the play was never for a moment in
doubt. . , .„ ;
REVIVAL OF SHAKESPEAKE.
Every one thought it- queer. that Arthur
Bourchier should transfer to another
company his amazingly successful ven
ture, "The Walls of Jericho," while pub T
lie interest in Sutro's play was apparently
about as strong as e_ver;in.order to put
on at his own theater, the Garrick, a pro
duction of "The Merchant\6f ' Venice."
But it seems that Shakespeare can com
pete even with j Sutro, for, the Bourchier
"Shylock" is an undoubted, popular and
artistic" success, and. so \u25a0is*{\'ollet Van
brugh's "Portia." Excellent "taste in de
tails and emphasis on vthe:blithe;gayety
of the Venetian young .folk were distin
guishing features of the' prdductlon.
Supernumeraries rarely^' have been so
carefully drilLed as 1 those* crowds of
merry-makers who .danced, befdre Shy
lock's house>.or as the sailors and market
girls who thronged the - -streets of . air.
Bourchler's Venice. .Shylock himself was
neither a demon nor an embodiment of
-pathos, but a vigorous incarnation of pas
sionate and poetic ; race-hatred.
There was an ; unusual 'amount of in
cidental music..and many another evidence
of the actor-nianager's. intention to make
the play enjoyable for .its own sake and
not because it happened.' to be written by
a dramatist whose name happened to be
Shakespeare. The unbounded delight with
which the performance' Is being received
gives food for 'managerial thought.
Ethel Newcomb returned from America
recently to appear with the Queen's Hall
orchestra at ' Thursday's promenade con
cert. She. played - the Saint-Saens Con
certo in C minor' 'magnificently and was
enthusiastically, received. It seems to be
the opinion of' musicians here that this
American'girl is now* sure of a place
among the foremost of the world's pian
ists. ~ She leaves next week for Vienna,
wrfere she resumes for a time her work
as Leschetlzky's assistant; I ; and ; will then
set forth on her career as a piano vir
tuoso. She is to r give ar recital in Berlin
in January.,, ". / ' -^ ,
SPANISH CIiUISER
GOES TO THE^OTTOM
. FERP.AL, Spain, Oct. 28.— The Span
ish armored cruiser Cardinal | Cisneros
sank near I»l.urt)s. ; province of Corunna,'
to-day aft-er striking a rock. , The crew
was saved. "-. V ' -
.The cruiser struck during a heavy fog
on Point • Mexicados, which { is extremely
dangerous to navigation. ; She had ' been
ordered to leave Muros Bay. with the /re
mainder of the squadron in order to over
haulher machinery at Ferroll, and It was
xvhile weighing anchor that- the
grounded Her crew,. numbering 540 men,'
immediately took to the ; boats. There
was great excitement on, shore over the
accident. . \u25a0--\u25a0'>• \u25a0 \u25a0 ;^.V':V* : ;vV^^ ; '!! '-'\u25a0 ' :'\u25a0 '
Hurls Acid at Bridal Party.
PARIS, Oct. „ 28^—Near ;i Limoges; a
young woman threw vitriol at a farm
er, his. Intended bride and ; six other
persons. The farmer was on his way
to be married. ;'.; '...-\u25a0 c. ;' ;V -%'/.
\u25a0"•'• He '; had ; betrayed \u25a0 and - deserted the
young * woman who - threw the - acid. She
waited: oh the- roadloutside ,the ivlllage
of * Chalus, ,where 1; the V t arrner, his - in^ :
tended-* bride,", her a father^ and \ mother
and : f rt enVls had ;been vbuying" provisions
for .t he wedding Ibreakfastrr
. When' the \u25a0 whole partyj came. near, her
the young woman first sprinkled - her^
seducer witij ythe s vitriol ;: and ; . then -the
others.; 'after.'; <, which '.;^ she disappeared,
and has not been seen sin^ --\u0084. \u25a0';.
NEGOTIABLE
PAPER SOLD
BY CASHIER
Assets of the Enter
prise Bank Are
Missing.
Suit Is Begun Against
Delegate Andrews of
New Mexico. :;
Comptroller Levies an Assess
ment of 100 Per Cent
Against Stockholders.
' PITTSBURG, Oct| 28.— There were
several sensational developments to
uay in tne investigation or tne utfairs of
the iiinterprist: i\auoiii±l lianK ot Alle
ga«ny Cny kihi moi« 'startling- uis
ciosures are tjxpectetl 10 follow. Ka-j
tionu.l Bank .examiner John U. .Cun
ningham, who is receiver lor the Kn
tuipris'e Bank, entered suit this* after
noon against W. H. ; Andrews, Terri
torial .Delegate from New Mexico, for
$5^,3^3, cnarging him with having
fraudulently conspired with F. R. Nich
olls, his private secretary, and 1 T. Lee
Clarke, tne, late cashier of v the Enter
prise National Bank, to unlawfully pro
cure funds from the proceeds of nego
tiable paper. The information caused
quite a sensation and: it is 'intimated
more suits Involving prominent persons
are to be entererd in -'connection with
the failure of the Enterprise Bank.*
It was reported late this afternoon
that a shortage of $300,000 in cash had
been .discovered in the accounts' of
Cashier Clarke by Special Government
Examiner Moxey and Receiver Cun
ningham. This money is supposed to
have been loaned out without security
or any record being made of the trans
actions. It was further discovered,' it
is said, that loans were made without
proper security, to .other prominent
persons in this section and that the evi
dence uncoveredby the examiners is so
complete that it is almost sufficient
grounds for the prosecution of the per
sons involved. •
Special Examiner Moxey, who is in
vestigating the affairs- of the Insolvent
Enterprise National Bank, is positive
that T. Lee Clarke, the suicide cashier,
was guilty of criminal action in con
nection with the bank's affairs and.de
clared himself to that effect, to-day.
Referring to the alleged confession to
day, one -of Clarke's relatives, who.
would not permit hM'Sale* being meh-!
tioned, said: " * 1 ' 1^ .> ' V
' ' "We have "• very direct' information
that the statement is in* the possession
of" Mr. Cunningham. J I* believe "that
when it : is made public It will cast
an entierly new light on the "affairs of
the bank." -->^'.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.— The Comp
troller of the Currency said to-day that
he had not received any detailed report^
f rom Receiver Cunningham of . the En
terprize National Bank at Allegheny
nor from Judge Oldharri, the. represen
tative' of the Comptroller's office, who
has been^t Pittsburgh for several days.
Letters and messages - r from Receiver
Cunningham, however, justify the
Comptroller in making the statement
that the failure will be'a very bad one
and will justify an assessment of 100
per cent on the stockholders against
their liability. This assessment was
made to-day.
The Comptroller's office also has been
advised that Receiver Cunningham has
to-day brought suit against W.H. An
drews of New Mexico for $52,323 on
notes signed by or indorsed by him. ' A
vigorous effort will, be niade to collect
this money, as. well as other amounts
due to the Insolvent bank; : - -. •
Judge Oldham reports to* the Comp;
troller that Cashier T. Lee Clarke seems
to have abstracted collateral held In the
bank and other securities belonging to
it and his shortage will : be very large.
He semes *o have, falsified his books
and to have received the president of
the bank, as well as the directors.'Jwho
appear to have made at, least some ef
fort to examine into the affairs of the
bank. *
NO INDICTMENTS RETURNED.
DENVER. Oct. 28.---"Not a true bill"
DX. HIERCK'S IIK3IEDIKS.
DON'T BE HYPNOTISED,
Hoodwinked, hoodooed, or over-persuaded
Into accepting a anbstltuto for Doctor
Pierces Favorite Prescription with its
record of nearly --40 1 years, embracing
hundreds of thousands' of cures of
woman's peculiar ailments. It's the only
remedy for woman's ills sold by drug-
gists-, that is not full of " booze "—poor
whisky, or bad alcohol.
A guarantee : of $1000 is offered that
"Favorite Prescription" contains no alco-
hol, opium or other harmful drug. Keeps
In any, climate. \u0084..;, \u0084 V- - \u25a0 . •
"Favorite Prescription "Is a powerful
Invigorating tonic, and imparts strength
to tho wholo system and to tho womb
and its appendages In ': particular; For
overworked. " worn-oat." "run-down."; de-
bilitated teachers, milliners, dressmak-
ers, seamstresses, "shop-girls," ' housfl-
keepers, nursing mothers, and feeble
women j generally,' Dr. :Pieroo's Favorite
Prescription i 9 tuo greatest earthly boon,
being unequaied as an appetizing cordial
and restorative tonic. .- „ . .
It's an insult to your intelligence for a
dealer, to attempt to palm on upon you
an; alcoholic substitute for this ; world- \u25a0
famed medicine. You" know what':.' you
want;' It's his business '; to Trieelfihai]
want. When he urges some substitute
he's thinking of tho larger profit he'll
make-ynot of your welfare. V. /- ' .
CKfl nhfi GIVEN AWAY. in copies of
f UUU = T h 0 People's Common Sense
Medical Adviser, a book that sold to the ex-
tent , of- 500.000 ' copies 2a > few 1 -^L^>~- \u2666: " «
years a«o. at $1.50 per copy.
Last year -we gave away B^^l^^w'
$30,000 worth of these invalua- 8 ' Hf^wS
ble books. This year we shall B hfZ£!&
fire -/away JOO.OOO worth of \u25a0•*»•%» h mbx^
them.' Will yon share in this I\<fc^|l **»*A
benefit?. If so. send only 21 I^S^H""*^
one-cent stamps to cover cost a . ' v [~
of mailing only for book in L -I' *
. stiff paper covers, or 31 stamps -J tßf
for cloth-bound. Address Dr.
X V. : Pierce, Buffalo. N. Y. v » ,^as«^iv
.;'"\u25a0 If but' of health, write to old Dr.'/pierce.
He will * send \ you good;: fatherly,' iprof es-"!
sional advice without charge. > : ; \^ [\u25a0„ : : "\ --v.
y?y,..r .f. These su^ar - coatad little
T«/^S3i Pellets-are the smallest, the
KeWeiva. easiest to take, and the easiest
:.,. , -, in the way they act. "k No grip-.
in?, no violence, no disturbance |to the •ys-
tem, diet or occupation.- -They are the Origi-
nal Little Uver Pills, first pat up by old Dr.
K. V . : Pierce, over 40 years 1 aaro. ;, They have
been muchimltated but never equaled, p. ,
' They come In rials, always fresh and rella-
< W»i a oonTftoioni vwt-pock»t ramadjr. ;
. - - *- - ''"
HUNDREDS 0F HOSPITIALS SAY
IPE-RUmA DOES WONDERS} ?
in : j^gVs!^!^ I
HOSPITALS ALL OYEE AMERICA USE PE-BU-5A FOE CATABBH AND ALL CATABBHAL DISEASES.
S" ISTERS OF MERCY, Montreal. In the whole history of medicine, no "We have used your remedy tea
Canada, write: remedy was eyer^deylsed that has been number of different eases * aA ta * r ®"
"Although we have used Peruna so universally recognized as a specific suit obtained Is very good,
for only three or four weeks, we are for catarrh. ' Convent of St. Laurent S£ Laurent.
hapy to state that It not only breaks up promptly near Montreal, recommends Peruna:
I \u0084.,„,,._.,„, lit has been with coughs and colds, but it can be relied "After using: Peruna for two or three
I h*vsiti ts excellent results, upon to permanently cure catarrh In its months. several .
I \u25a0'FROM Several persons worst stages and forms. members or the I keCOMXEXD
I PE-RU-NA. suffering from . People who have been afflicted with community have | PE-RU-XA. {
"\u25a0™ l ™'^" l "^" dyspepsiaana catarrh for twenty years have found experienced such "^ """™" fc "
constipation have been benefited by its .Peruna to be a prompt and efficient good effects that they can recommend
use." remedy. Its use to others.'
A later letter from the same Institu- Sisters of Good Shepherd, of. Mon- Hospital St. John, of St. Johns, Pro-
tion is as follows: . i treal, write: vlnce of Quebec, writes:
"We are pleased to say that we have "Having used Peruna for the past " w e are happy to ten you t^at your
found Peruna a very good and useful ' few months for Peruna has given us satisfacUon. Three
remedy Ih several cases, and we are FOR THE SICK our sick and poor, patients have tried It. one *8 years old.
happy to! recommend it to others." - AXO we are happy to RenouJ .Dupuls. aClcted with catarrh.
x The winters of Canada are long and THE POOR. say that it has Is much relieved, more than he has been
severe. Catarrh of the head and throac fc— \u25a0—^— — \u25a0— — given us great for a number of years.
?hTvi!, S r f ° r at ICaSt Beven montns of satisfaction." In a later letter, dated "A young girl. 15 yearn old. had an
As soon as Peruna was introduced November 7. 1903. the same institution obstinate cough, which half a buttle
into. Canada, its use spread like wild- writes: of Peruna caused to disappear,
tire, for It exactly met the climatic dls- "We found Peruna a relief in several "As to myself, two bottles have con~"W
eases which abounded. ' cases. We can say it la a good tonic vinced me that Peruna is magmmeent Z *
Catarrh, when it once fastens itself and we are very thankful." as a tonic Before the treatment I coulct|
upon the system, is not to be dislodged The following letter is from Hospital not walk for a \u25a0—^»^—^^—^ \
1 i by the use of lo- Mont St. Jean de Dieu, near Montreal: quarter of an I A LETTER TO I
L.OCAL cal remedies. A "We have been using your Peruna hour without ex- I THE PUBLIC. }
REMEDIES systemic remedy during: the past month and we take perlenclny much &\u25a0— —^ ——
ARE Is needed to erad- pleasure in stating that the results ob- fatigue. Xow I can walk a mile easily.
WORTHLESS. icate the disease, tamed thus far are most satisfactory." Through these three cases we desire to
' Peruna exactly A later letter from this institution is make known to the public the efnclen-
meets this necessity. as follows: - ~. r'-M '''' cy of your remedy."
SAYS ANCESTRY
DOES NOT COUNT
CHICAGO. Oct. 2S.r— Self-styled
American aristocracy received a severe
rap at the hands of Dr. Em 1 1 G. Hirsch.
Dr. Hirsch preached at Israel Temple
"on * the relative significance of origins
and outcomes In society and religion.
"If you are to have a noble family,"
he said, "you must 'get back to the be
ginning and if you have the proper
number of ancestors you are noble.
"These ancestors, however, snpuld
not, be looked up too carefully, or sonus
one who,'' in common parlance, was a
cutthroat and- a thief may be found.
All the ancestors who came to Europe
were of that class. Probably, the an
cestor who is to be the object of a
family's worship was a man with a big
stick, who increased his territory by
killing off his neighbors and annexing
their possessions. In that way all the
States of Eiurope grew.
"' "If tit is the beginning that counts,
where would Lincoln be? He .had no
pedigree; not in his immediate parents,
at least, though I believe hid mother
must have 1 had some sort of nobility
in her. . ; >/-;>"
"The greatest . men in America have
no ancestors, but the smallest men and
women 'are 'beginning, to ;speak of their
'families.' Thefr 'ancestor: ; probably
came over, not "in the Mayflower, but in
tiie steenige of- some Immigrant vessel.
And he, tnat first one., was the best.
The family probably has deteriorated
into wealthy . millionaires and spends
most of its time in Europe." ' -V 4--;
was the return made by the Grand Jury
to-day in the ease of President W. G.
Brown, Vice President W. T. Perkins,
Cashier B. R' Blair, Assistant Cashier
H. AI. Beatty and Exchange Teller'
Mark Posttjlwaite of the defunct West
ern State Bank, and of President James
A. Hill, Vice President "F. P. Jones,
Cashier \u25a0 Carlos Wood \u25a0 and 1 1 Receiving
Teller R. A: Brown- of' the defunct Den
ver /Savings Bank, " who had been
charged in informations with receiving
deposits -when .they. knew that ,the in
stitutions of which 'they were 'officers
were insolvent. Indictments had pre
viously been against the Den
veri Savings* Bank * 'officers, charging
conspiracy: to; rob and ; wreck; that in
stitution. • : ; . ' '
BABE I)l|]S IN AEMS
OF MOTHER ON (TKAIN
. KENOSHA, -Wis^ Oct. 2S.— The funeral
of a baby yesterday revealed that; lt was
the child of ;Ad6lph.;Rauar, who,' with his
young wife, landed at Castle Garden last
Tuesday: ; » ; ; J "
Just after the train pulled out of Pitts
burg the child wafc seized with convul
sions. It i died so quickly j the . mother . had
no time ,to" ask, for; assistance. T- She dared
not- tell >the 'conductor, and she^dare not
sheda' tear;." She determined ;to-bring the
child ' all > the . way to Kenosha^ where she
had. friends, without telling any one on
the train that' it was dead. :.
v Returning ; to J[ her " seat ; she \u25a0 began .the
long '\u25a0". struggle -to keep^ back ; her grief.
She sang , to the ; baby, talked to it in the
Vbaby ' ; talk"r that 'mothers love so . well,
andvPretehded:to;Uiugh;at Itras she held
it; ;^ every ; once ; in a ; while \u25a0 smiling th rough
her i tears at" her husband,^ who sat -beside
her /and ".I watched - with :: dry < eyes •; her ef-
Jorts to keep back the pentup. grief which
wafe nearly; breaking :, her- heart.
* The came .through the .train
and t he" stopped \to • talk ' with .; the woman."
V -"'That's Ithe; quietest', baby I; ever, saw,V
he said," and j the ", woman with tears In her
eyes] Blmply? replied :>/i\ ,-: '; ' .
*>i"Yes?fhe always, has been a good baby."
When she arrived : here she said nothing
to' ; the^ friends ;who'jmct her of the death
of the child.Tbut carried ? it ; more than a
mile- to the hew. home. Then she ' broke
dowiw'.' ° \u25a0 ; : \u25a0"\u25a0 ."-'\u25a0 -.' ; '\u25a0\u25a0':-:\u25a0 '\u25a0:: .'^ .v-
REALIZES ALL
HIS AMBITIONS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 28. — Bearing half a
dozen books under his arm, a shabbily
clad lad trudged along light-heartedly
a country road from Bristol fifty-seven
years ago. The lad was then only 15
years old and he had 'tramped several
miles to the city to buy the books, but
the joy he felt In their possession made
the return journey an easy one. When
a mere lad he had had to set to work
to help support hia family and .hi 3
schooling had been of the scantiest
character, but it had imbued in him
an insatiable thirst, for knowledge
which he was determined to satisfy at
any cost of self-denial. Those six
volumes represented the beginning of
a library by. George Ho well, the vet
eran labor leader.. which now amounts
.to more than 7QOO volumes and weighs
something like eight tons. As a pri
vate collection it is probably unique in
the. variety and scope of the works it
contains on labor and economic ques
tions. A committee has been formed
with the object of purchasing the
library and - handing it over to some
institution devoted to the working
classes "as a monument to a sturdy,
self-reliant life and of unusual power
of self-education/
I Howell's youthful dreams centered
around three great aspirations— to
write a book, to enter Parliament and
to speak In Exeter Hall, the headquar
ters of the evangelical movement in
The People Praise Hood's. ;H>
One great living fact is worth more than a hundred guesses.
That Hood's Sarsaparilla cures is a fact— not a guess — standing
upon as firm a. foundation as any fact in human experience.,
If you are suffering from scrofula, eruptions, humor, pimples,
inflammations or swellings, there are poisonous impurities in your .
hlootl. Hood's Sarsaparilla expels all impurities, enriches and vi-
talizes the blood and cures.
If you have rheumatism, dyspepsia or catarrh, there is trouhle
with your blood. Hood's Sarsaparilla corrects the trouble and
cures. ,
If you suffer.from any ailment that is caused or promoted by
impure or deficient blood and wish to be cured.* the natural and
sensible thing for you to do is to take Hood's Sarsaparilla and be
cured.
Never mind if some other preparation in ay do itl You want
the medicine that does do it.
lt.is because Hood's" Sarsaparilla cures the people that the
people praisei se Hood' s-^-oy er forty thonsand testimonials *in two
years. Keep your eye on the fact that
Hood's Sarsaparilla CURES
Absolutely cures, making you sound: and well-*
just the thing you most desire. Get it to-day."
XIAGAKA FALLS
TO BE PRESERVED
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2?.— Niagara Fall 3
Its to be preserved as one o! the seven
! wonders of the world under formal agree
| xnent \u25a0; between the United States and
i Great Britain. The hand of industry
| which has been diverting w*ter from
this stupendous cataract is to be staid.
In accordance with instructions given by .
the President, Secretary Root will initiate
negotiations with Sir Mortimer Durand,
British Embassador. for the purpose of
limiting the use of the waters of Niagara
River for industrial purposes. The pros- *
pect of the drain of Niazara Falls a.a one
of nature's scenic wonders teas called to .
the attention of the President some
weeks ago by a civic association of New
York.
In connection with the negotiations, it
will be necessary for the two Govern
ments to consider the effect upon the
electrical. power and other industries al
ready established on both sides of the
stream. , \
I The estimated gross income of the com- p.
bined power companies is in the neighbor- W
I hcod of fIOfiW.QOO per annum. 1
London. He has - realized them all. He
was 43 when he -wrote his first book
and 52 when , he entered Parliament.
He occupied a seat there for ten years
as a representative of Bethnal Green,
one of the poverty-stricken districts of
the East End. For more than half a
century he fought labor's battles and
contributed ': largely to the victories
that it has' won. It was only when
threatened With blindness, from which
he was 'saved by the skill of Sir An
derson Critthett. ' that he relaxed his ef
forts and began to take life a little
easy. He is now 72 and few men of
his years now living can look on such
a well spent and strenuous life.ricCarthy Wireless |
Telephone Co. Stock j
$5.00 per Share i
A limited number of shares of the Treasury stock of the above S
Company will be sold for the purpose of completing its foreign S
patents. No other or further opportunity willbe afforded the public o
to obtain an interest in an invention which surpasses Marconi's. S
A demonstration will be given intending purchasers of the stock. X
It might be well to remember, that the original Bell Telephone $5
stock sold for 50 cents per share and is now worth $4000 per share. 8
The McCarthy Wireless Telephone will do more than _Bell ever : »
tlreamed of. Marconi stock sold in this city for $5 per share and o
is now worth'over $100 per share. 8
The McCarthy system will do everything that can be done by the §
: y-iAfarconi at much less cost.: ':,..\u25a0 \u25a0 o
Investigation Invited Before Investing ; 1
;' This advertisement will not appear again, so cut it out for future g
•reference. -.-- ! V;. • *<»'.: i '\u25a0-._..-, : '.-;"''\u25a0*:''&::\u25a0 ... . '* .'. . S
As there are only a limited number of shares for sale intending' g
investors will have to apply. immediately. -^r 'w
Hall, Schaertzer & Robertson |
(incorporated) • o
329 Crossley : BuHding . |
83-85 New Montgomery Street |
*SAN FRANCISCO - - :- v - - CALIFORNIA; |
Symbolism of Roars.
. Roses of one kind or another are. get
• ting their places in the floral calendar
almost every other day Just now. The
rose may fairly be said to have been
, the most popular flower of all ages; roses
Have symbolized very many things in
their time. But, as the phrase "under
the rose" still reminds us. It Is properly
of silence that the Cower is the emblem.
Crrpld, ran the lerend, gave the indis
cretions of Venus, and Harpocrates be
came the cod of silence. Hence the
rose was placed above confessional boxes
and on the roofs of bankuet rooms, .to
Imply that what wa« laid at table in Jo
vial moments need not be blabbed
a,broad. — London Chronicle.
A Remarkable Week in the
PIANO HISTORY
of This City
Last Sunday we announced, through t
-« the co!umns of this paper, of the \u25a0
\ organisation O f f OUr j,i an o clubs— the first:
HOf N their kind ever promulgated by this
lioujte." The standing of such a conser-
\"atlve firm as ours was alone enough to
*ssure the public there was no trickery
or. red tape attached to our proposition.
We announced that our saving of $90
to $110 on each of 240. pianos wouid be
«Iven to the 'purchasers, and at the-samc
time 'our p'rotits would not be impaired.
This was a straightforward proposition,
and many have availed themselves of
several weeks' wages— realizing they
8 could make money r.o faster than by
, The proposition 'is simply this:' W>
have bought 240 pianos for spot cash, and
have divided them Into four divisions —
according to their regular retail values—
$300.00 ' Price now ;. S2OII OO
$350 00 Price now SISSS OO
$400 00 Price now ..'.... $310 OO
$500 00 Price now"]
To - " . :j. 9110 OO
$750 00 * Saves you j \u25a0
There is no gamble, guess, drawings or
any .uncertainty .'to this. Every piano
is brand, now, fully warranted (money
Viack if not as represented). Immedi-
ately on selection of your piano it will
be delivered; you -don't have to wait.
$1.50 per Week
or 16*00 per month will "buy' a good plaop,
one' that will la«T- fqr years.' Can you af-'
A ford to let 'such an -opportunity go by? •• "
nit Give .this .your immediate . jjttentipn,
y knd if you can not come to-morrow. fcrfng
the family with you to-morrow. night; our
store •will be" open evenings 'this week.'
CLARK WISE & CO,
.126 Geary St.
Opposite City of Peris. Dry Goods Co.
19D5 1905
N'otjco I* hereby given that the taxes
on all personal property secured by
real property and one-half of the taxes
on real property \u25a0will be due and paya-
ble on MONDAY. OCTOBER 9TH. 1905
\u25a0and will be DELINQUENT ON MON-
DAY. "NOVEMBER 27TH. 1905, AT 6
O'CLOCK P. M., and unless paid prior
thereto fifteen per cent will be added
to the amount thereof, and that if said
one-half be not paid before the last
\u25a0 MONDAY in April next, at 6 o'clock P.
M., -an additional .five per cent will be
added thereto; that the remaining one-
half of the taxes on .ill real property
will be payable on and after the first
> MONDAY In JANUARY next, and will
be delinquent on the last MONDAY in
APRIL next thereafter, at 6 o'clock- P.
M., and unless paid prior there*** five
per cent will be added to tha. amount
That all taxes may be paid at the
time the first installment as herein pro-
• vlded Is -due and payable.
That said taxes are due and payable
at the office of the Tax Collector, New
City Hall.
POSITIVELY NO CHECKS RE-
CEIVED AFTER THE 20TH DAY OF
NOVEMBER,' 1905. and the 23rd day of
. April, l?0C.
N. B. — Kor the convenience of tax-
payers unable to call during: the day,
tbls office will be open continuously
• during the month of Novemoer from 7
. • A. M. to 9 P. M-. commencing November
Taxpayers -will greatly facilitate this
o office and themselves by bringing last
year's tax bills.
(Risrned) JOSEPH H. SCOTT.
• Tax Collector of the City and County
of San Francisco.
PERFECT '
'Cleanse? and beautifies the
teeth and purifies the breath.
Used by people of refinement
for or ex a quarter of a century.
v Convenient for tourists.
BANK VAULT
IS FORT OF
MURDERER
BLOOMINGTON. 111.. OcL 28. — Mayor
Charles Js'ickel of Chenoa was shot and
killed this afternoon in the Bank of
Chenoa; Hugh Jones, a brickmason,
was shot and killed, and two passers-by
were Ehot and Bllghtly wounded by Will
iam I,educ, a farmer, who • lives near
Cbenoa. . The fate of Jones was for a
t'me In doubt, because Ledus, after
the shooting, dragged the body into' the
bank vault, closed the door and defied
arrest.
Nickel, who was Leduc's brother-in
law, was cashier of the bank as well
as Mayor of Chenoa. ' Leduc came sin
from his farm this afternoon, walked
into the bank and without warning shot
Nickel dead.
In the bank besides Nickel and Hugh
Jones were Cashier Nickel's son. and an
other small boy. The boys escaped
through the back door.
After Nickel had been shot Jones at
tempted to grapple with the murderer,
but was himself shot by Leduc. ,Two
men passing along the street who Leduc
feared might attempt to capture him
were shot by him,, one In the" head, the
other,' in 'the hand V.but their' wounds are
not- serious. ; \u25a0 '\u25a0
An Immense, crowd, "well armed, gath
ered at the bank in an attempt to cap
ture the slayer. He drew the door of
the vault almost shut -after dragging*
Jones' body inside and would allow no
one "to come within range. .Leduc" told
the offlcers that Jones . was dead/
Ammonia. | and chloroform were used
plentifully in an attempt to. overcome
the murderer, but lie succeeded in get
ting enoggh air to thwart _the effect" of
the drugs. *
Leduc gave himself- up to the' Sheriff
at 9 o'clock to-night and was brought !to
the ' County Jail a^ Bloqmingtbn.'.'Qn'en?
terlng the vault, it was found that '.Jones
was .dead. \u25a0 . .' y *.\ ..'.*•••*•'
'Nickel married a sister of Leduc. Le
duc was married some years ago. •". It is
alleged he had had domestic troubles,
which \u25a0 Nickel- adjusted," but Leduc " "al
ways imagined Nickel -had' not acted
fairly. ; For some, time '.the neighbors,
had said that Lsduc
it is supposed to-day's' drime- resulted
f rbm . Leduc's brpodipg over- -his alleged
wrongs.- •'.'. ' _ •';;• : *.' '. '. \ ;,-;;
Sheriff Edwards and. posse arrived at
Cherfoa this evenings : K ,".~'
High voltage electric, wires were strung
from the electric light plant' to the bank.
ar.d unless Leduc surrendered within a few
hours it. was planned to* fender him help
less by connecting the wires with the
bank vault and turning on the current.
; . Several . hundred shotV we're exchanged
between the posse and Leduc I
JAPANESE GARRISON
ARRIVES IN KOKEA
Evidence of-MikadoVDomi
nant- Power Appears
Everywhere. '
SEOUL, Korea,' Oct 28. — The Thir
teenth and Fifteenth divisions of Ko
rea's new Japanese garrison have ar
rived and been distributed in the coun
try. The Thirteenth division, which
has been stationed along: the east
coast, is under General Haragulshi,
who commanded the victorious army
on the island of Sa&halien. The Fif
teenth division has been locate! from
StcuF to the Yalu River, replacliuj 'the
Second division of the reserves, who,
during the past year,' occupied the vil
lages and small cities, large detach
ments being billeted on the natives.
Everywhere there is evidence of the
Mikado's dominant power. Obedient to
an imperial edict, the whole Korean
people have given up their national
white mourning costiftne and hat for
dark garments and black headgear.
GRAFT REVELATIONS \
AROUSE NORTHWEST
James J. Hill Says Stringent
Legislation Will
Result.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Oct 28.— James J. Hill,
president of the Great Northern Rail
way Company, who has just returned
\u25a0to this city from, a trip through the
Northwest, said to-day that^hat district
was decidedly worked up over the rev
elations as to graft brought out by
theinsurance investigation in this city,
as well as of other recent occurrences.
"The Western coiintry ' is very much
disturbed." said Hill, /'over the methods
of 'high finance' that have been reveal
ed. They do not. like- to see business
conducted as it is proved that it has
been conducted. Confidence has been
shaken and the result may be some
stringent legislation." '^HHBI
Until the* reign, of Edward I pennies
were struck with a cross, ; so deeply in
dented that' it might be easily, parted
into, two for? halfpence and : into ; four
for farthingrs. v
„ - . "... „ v • • \u25a0 - . ' •- . \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 ..">•\u25a0..:\u25a0. \u25a0 .
THE SAN FRANGISCO \u25a0 GAiU:-SUNE)AY; JOGTOBER 29: 1005:
REyOi^r GAINg STRENGTH
Russian Cities Resemble: Armed Gamps in Time 0
-War and Populace Boldly Defies the Military.
Continued from Pace 25, Column 5.
activity of the Government, are grow ing
holder and more insistent in the demands
made in their speeches. It is "true there
haa been no , disorder in St. . Petersburg
and that General Trepoff, the Emperor'b
strong man, has taken every, 1 measure to
put down the . uprising in its incipiency,
but he has not felt ; sure enough of his
position to act boldly with regard to the
revolutionary meetings at the .university
and has contented himself with issuing
warnings which, not having been en
forced, are taken by the agitators as evi
dence of lack of backbone.
As before Friday's giant meeting,
at the university, it was again an
nounced to-day \u25a0 that further meet
ings there would not be permitted,
,but the college portals were again open
to-night ; and the hospitality of the uni
versity was extended . to a." group of law
yers and other professional men, one of
whose-; orators, referring to . the old Rus
sian folk. legend that the world is sup
ported on the backs of three whales, said
that. the autocracy, rested on three foun
dations— money,' the army and the loyalty
of. tho people-^but that Russia, was .now
bankrupt, that the moral sympathy. of the
people was alienated' and that the army
alone remained true, -and this, he pre
dicted, would not be lons. '
Another speaker _qpenly .preached ..ter
rorism and advocated "making an exam
pie" of a number of high personages.
Count de Witte's ally in the stupendous
task he is about to undertake will be
General Trepoff. who. though all his life
has been spent as an instrument for re
pression and though he twice has \u25a0 es
caped attempts by t..~ . terrorists' instru
ments of death, has come to realize that
the old order of things is changing and
giving place to a new, and is now a gen
uine convert to the policy of giving the
people a share In the Government.
The best opinion is that nothing will
save the 'present Government from com
plete ruin. Many shrewd observers be
lieve de Witte comes too late.
The condition in St. Petersburg Is that
of one fairly .under siege and one with
surprises threatened from within, almost
completely isolated and Its scanty store
of provisions being rapidly exhausted.
The garrison, however, is overwhelming
ly large. General Trepoff haa 90,000 troops
under his command, which are distributed
in every section of the .city. There' Is
scarcely a block without its military
patrol. Infantry and . cavalry are | quar
tered In courtyards throughout the- city,
the ' barracks are crowded, and the watch
fires of the soldiers who are bivouacking
In the streets light up the thoroughfares
where electricity has been extinguished.
NevEky Prospect, the city's main aye
nue, .which last night was in' darkness
to-night presents a weird appearance. . A
powerful searchlight mounted at the
Admiralty Illuminates the cenjter of the
avenue with a blinding light, leaving the
sidewalks in Drivers in the
roadway, dazzled by the glare," were un
able to see" where they were going and
the throngs in obscurity on the sidewalka
were In but little better plight. There
was constant confusion, which was aug
mented during the 'evening by an attempt
of the Cossacks and gendarmes to
clear the sidewalks. . ; ; •
Two hundred thousand men are^ Udle.
Workmen's meetings held.;throughop£\he
city to-day unanimously favored continu
ing the strike. 'Thciawyers during the
afternoon stopped all the business -of the
city. . ' - ; . • '\u25a0\u25a0". -'' \u25a0 t \,i'x
. The situation at Moscow, parallels -that
in Stl Petersburg. The same paralysis has
seized Russia's second city. .. The strike
Youne Men's SI 2 50 fl! &% T% 1£ F&H
Suits -Reduced to f^^lo
Whenever you: sec a statement in our advertisement /! 'v/j^^fei^^?^- \T\
that go.ods a haye been reduced from a certain figure, you" |^M^Sp|!^^ffl[l
can count on the truth of that statement. :v $M[%^ '^^^m*
Our statements -are made in good faith and we want them
believed because they are true. And we 'know they are believed. JSB^^^^^^^^^^t- .
The evidence of it is reflected in the great growth of" this business.
Our sale of young men's $12.50 suits at $8.85 is proving - '^P^^^^^^M '
,rfflflg@B&fefe> to be quite a success. The great \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0 :: ."-''-™^^^^H|h/
T* "^V. *• style, , made from fancy Scotch fl L^^^^P--
(:.'..,^ :'» ->!\% Bring the son in and try a suit on .
\ ' : patterns are all so good your, only 'J^^^^^'^-~
'fe"i^^%;^ -*«k hesitancy will be in (deciding just A^P^^^^lW^
:j§o l '\u25a0\u25a0 ;: .^M-S- ' .The. 'New Peter Thompson & •J>:. '\u25a0.\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0'£%. f^ \u25a0
?/' "% Coat for Girls
I^^'\^^S^^^m * Opposite, to the left, is the picture of the Peter
j|i^^^^^^^^SV v Thompson Coat for girls which: we are selling at the
'\u25a0 ' special price of $5.85. You can see by- the picture
:^^u^^ ! '" i '' 1 what a stylish garment it is. Note the pretty chevron on
--'JrIS- ''the left' sleeve and the loose box _. ; effect:; to I the garment. On
I^M*. t^ le "S^ 11 sleeve is a stripe of honor. . The material is a navy
yi§lr blue worsted cheviot — a color that goes well with all dresses.
ij^^g^^^^^^gt^Si^-^- The garments are man tailored throughout. . Ages 4 to 14;
--, Mr^f^r price {in' our "stores $5.85. : \ \u0084 *" V : .
I\J^iS/-r l U 4-r\ +U« I viViVac? . yy ° v are 'cordially ; invited "to 'the* Concert In our Art Reception Room
INOIICe TO llie L,ciaicS .every afternoon and Saturday , evening, PowellandElHsSts. store :
Filled*" .Manufacturers Wholesalers and Retailers of Clothing ;4; 4 [FreeUJitHJtn
Write Us. TWO Larj^ 50 Miles.
•'\u25a0•-•' ''\u25a0\u25a0':' 740 Market; Street and Cor: Powell andiEllis -. - -; ; : . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0"*' ".-.'\u25a0
PROVISIONAL GOVERNMENT
WILL DEFY EMPEROR.
MOSCOW TO ,BE ITS CAPITAL
- MOSCOW, Oct. 28.— At a meeting of
delegates representing the different po
litical. parties it has.been decided to unite
in the establishment of a government and
act independently of the ' imperial''' authorl^
ties. - :: . :-'\u25a0\u25a0' . "',;. '\u0084 .-\u25a0 ;' -'va- /\u25a0. •
The city was in darkness last night. To
day the shops, theaters and schools, were
closed and the streets deserted,, save for
the troops and workmen. Several .meet
ings of strikers were dispersed by Cos
sacka. - ' / -
The banks, .the treasury, the postofßce
and the Governor General's office are sur
rounded by troops. The local merchants
are asking for a postponement of the*pay
ment of bills. The Governor General has
formally postponed the auction of peas
ants' property,, which was to have- been
sold for taxes. The Board; of Trade has
petitioned against the state of siege.
Prices are very. high. Water costs 20
cents fa Bail. - r •
WARSAW, Oct. 28.— Cossacks arrested
120 Polish Socialists at a. Jewish Bund
is general. The people are defying all
prohibitions and ace swarming to the un
iversities and other meeting places. V; A
provisional Government has already been
organized and is waiting to exercise its
powers. The university is barricade.*
against the troops. r ,V- '• \u25a0-:
The populations gf ojther towns are
growing more violent and reports of
disorders are arising. in. large numbers
from all sections. The efforts: of the
troops so far have been generally suc
cessful. Troops are, in full possession
at many places in the interior and the
inhabitants are panic-stricken.
There is no relaxation of the railroad
strike, which has spread even to Cen
tral Asia, where the Trans-Caspian-
Orenburg and Taspend lines are tied up".
The strike on the Trans-Siberian Rail
road is- interfering with the return of
troops from the l''ar East. The Thir
teenth" Corps was ordered to . entrain
yesterday, but was "unable to do so.
The sudden and unexpected arrival of
the .battleship Catherine II at Odessa,
while the remainder of the fleet is an
nounced to be still cruising at sea. has re
vived: the rumors of the mutiny re
ported to have taken place ,,osn s board
that battleship and a second mutiny'on
the Knlaz Potemkine, but there is no
confirmation of these rnmors. The "dis
patch from Odessa .announced. 6nly,the
bare fact of the Catherine' H's arrival
there. ' \u25a0 : \u25a0' •" v
In sp^te of the fact that the revolu-t
tionlst party has the Government al
most, by, the,,,throat, persons well, in
formed as to the situation are -of the
opinion that present conditions cannot
long endure. The • proletariat, '.-,; they
say. will be the first to feel the pangs
of hunger. There t are intimations that
th£ .strike organization may early next
week Issue a ; proclamation ....thai . the i
stride has served its pirrposes .. and
shown Its -strength. to the" people,.and
directing that the workers resume ; their ;
occupations, but, to be prepared for an
other.. greater /. demonstration .later] If
necessary. 9 '. ] ' ' \u25a0 \u25a0 V:'.' : i
meeting in a forest near Pabianlce, In
the "Government of Petrokoff, this morn
ing. When the news reached Pabianlce
workmen attempted ito. rescue their com
rades, f. The troops fired and one work
man was killed and twenty-eight were
wounded. . . .
The Governor General i has ordered that
house doors be locked at 5 o'clock in the
evening. Coffee-houses and baker-shop 3
must close at v, second-class restaurants
at 9- and Jirst-class . restaurants at 10
o'clock.' ' "
The' central committee of the Social
Democrats . has scattered a circular de
manding the right to elect a law-making
assembly instead of the proposed national
assembly. ' . " , ,
A meeting of railway employes was
broken up by the police to-day.
> The streets are tilled 'with patrols. It
is rumored' that strikers arernarching on
the city from the provinces.
Thirty thousand infantry^ and 5000 cav
alry, with sixty-tight guns, have been
collected in this city in readiness to stifle
any disturbance. The military at 1 noon
dispersed a meeting of ; the employes of
the Vienna Railroad, who had gathered to
discuss the situation. A battalion of'cn- s
glneer3 controls the telephone servicer
The employes of the suburban railroads
joined- the; strikers this morning. .--. \u25a0
The revolutionary leaders are reported
to -.have distributed thousands of re
volvers.
A proclamation establishing full martial
law will be promulgated, j
Infantry are camping in the streets of
Lodz. All traffic there has stopped.
KHARKOFF, Russia, Oct. TheFe
was a great demonstration, at the burial
to-day of- the fifteen victims of the re
cent rioting, but* the students' and work
men preserved order.; The procession
marched through the streets without any
clergy, singing, "the "Marseillaise" and
dirge music. At the cemetery,revolution
ary speeches, were . made over the graves,
which /were adorned withered flags. The
troops. and police were powerless to'. inter-.
fere. ; Subsequently 'martial . law. w'as-'de
clared. ' -I'"'.'. \u25a0'.'\u25a0-'.• *':'\u25a0'".:' '•\u25a0 •.' . : . • •!'.'.
. REVAL; ' Russia, Oct. .28.TerW.hile the
city was in darkness: .last' ni^giit riot w
ers sacked lh> -stores and later' march-"
ing crowds set . 'fire to; the spirit: shops,
theaters and; other; e b.uildlnfes.'. '\u25a0_; Barri
cades-were- t.hrbAyn' up-iri- various sec
tions." "Buildings', were' still -in .flames,
this niornlng. .Troops are' novy./arriyr
ing- here.'; 'y.:;, • ..' /•.*\u25a0!;; - ; :'•--/\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 -'. ';.'. '^:-° .
• .'J.'hlrty ."pers.r>ns' we're. ';' killed,-. and fortjf
were wounded.' du'rihgTthe: ; encounters
between the; rioters' ari.d. '; poTic^/^aa^d
troops last night. • Crowds Varm?d with;
rifies and prevented- the fire]
department extinguishingr 1 the -flames'- jat
the .theater. " • ~.-'".' \u25a0"'". •'•.•\u25a0••
ODESSA. Oct. 28.-^Thls city, is.prac> ;
,'tically;. isolated, so^far. as- railroad
travel ;is f? concern ed!? gorrespondence
by ; j telegraph. js^alohe.'oi^e^.''\T.heypf lee,
of foodstuffs* has 'incrfaSetl' : "pnißrinou'sly.,
r The.. citizens have : depiiie^ to-organize
a municipal .militia -for seJf-protectionV
. RIGA. ( Oct.. 28.^-sThe.- suspension /. of
work is 1 1> .:- ajt" the; factories
and;»mllls..and In. the ;ctty"iristltutlbns
Let Us Tune Your Piano- 5^ 0
QUR price for tuning is $£.50. . wojk on ; high-gra<!e Instntmeaf /
same as* others Tchairße; but such *as Kohler & : Chase handle*
workmanship, not price, is the,. : (poor pianos - are hard -to -tnne^> j
factor ,to be considered .in the their inferior construction makes
tuning of your piano. > them get out of tnne~qnlckly.
We have the best tuners \u25a0« on ; which^ «njastly reflertTttpon the
•this Coast-every^e tTalnTd by tUner) ' (4) . Our - tuners blTe
long experience: It took us years \u25a0 work the year round— we
to procure them. . One by~o^ keep our for 5 e intact - <5) Skilled
they were added to ourior^ workmen hke to work th m «»
. Each man had to pass_ a rigid of -? heir own standing.
examination in our wholesale de- Poor tuning by incompetent
partment; only one out of every men , quickly : ruins a piano. ~Bnt
twenty thus examined passed the how are you T to know- a poor
test. The other nineteen are workman untir he has ; damaged *'
working elsewhere. your "instrument? Yonr only
yVc must have the best tuners pr ° tectl * on lies & cominsr' to a*
to fully protect the Kohler & reHable house -who emoloy only
. Chase guarantee which goes with expert t^ ne '"3- ,
.every piano we sell; and which • The/men we entrust -with' oar
means absolute satisfaction to wor k are men Jss~Ski~St?St °
.every owner of one of our instru- w i th y- ours .: B ut to further pro-
.mentsv- People who h^ve bought tect you jve t guarantee" every tttn-
.' • of ' us ' appreciate r what this guar- , ing job. ' '
' antce means-r-they*' never have .:
"any. trouble with their pianos. Now il costs y°° £2 more to
•f^hese men prefer' to work for haVC yy ° Ur piano tuned «"« oi
;^ns for these reasons: (1) Higher our . ? x P erts . than by one of the
.'; wages \thari • they -can get else- men who was incapable of y
passing our examination. ' /y
'>{\v»V.kxng\ : A-fpr-;/-a-i\4r m ;^y?th the . ' • //
* pf 'Kohler & Chase. (3) . Pnce for ; tuning, //
. "An .'expert \ workman- prefers to $ 2-5Q2 -5Q- . " // •
riC6hlier^'Ghase-|€^.rr:a
,'.'\u25a0" • •-».•\u25a0- : -' : : : u .. J .'..'--':-^.- -\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0«•: -TT \u25a0•\u25a0'•"\u25a0 '\u25a0 •/&/ °* your expert
"^' Post and liccirny v^r tuner».can »t
PIANO ri:USE: ON ;JHE CO\ST //on : ... v <r>ate)
•\u0084'\u25a0-.-•:\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0• .•"••'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:•\u25a0- .:'.>..;•.••\u25a0\u25a0?•:\u25a0;*.•'-«•-'\u25a0••\u25a0••.•.-\u25a0\u25a0•.-:\u25a0- : -- *\u25a0*\u25a0:'..:\u25a0\u25a0/\u25a0\u25a0 s ? x '\u25a0' Tours truly,
ESTABLISHED 1830- W^/>^^_ i-Jj
arid • schoplsT^There; have been: a nurn
ber^of <jc6nflicts;>between : strikers;; and
workmen wishing •\u25a0•to continue .work.' _•-...
;H^;steamship. ; ;lefi^here- to-day for St.
Petersburg : carrying.: the forelgri malls
arid; with '•\u25a0•a- supply, of -.meati;-; Cossacks
to-day dispersed ; prorhenaders '.: In v;; the
city gardens." v-yC;<.> : /:;.-.- : *•\u25a0• :':-'\u25a0 } . : --'. .•".•:.• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'•\u25a0
.'* : LX3ND6N.> -.Oct. ::. 2S-— A.rjdfspatch; to v a
n.eiws;; agency : frqm ;-. Odessa .says ;>that : a
serious. : conflict,; accurred \u25a0-. to-day . : at the
gymnasium.- between- students': of., both
sexes ;a'n.d V Cossacks," who .Interfered \u25a0:. rin
the meeting: •: Nearly- a hundred, students
were Injured ! and ; : one' was' killed. \u25a0'•;• Seven
teen ydujig' gir.%, •it '• 13' announced, : ; are
amOny^the victim^:.".-.::-;; - ; V"j"^<\V-.vr^v%:>-
GOMEL, Russia,. .Oct. 23.— The strikers
here to-day thre.w"/a .bQmb*at.the: Chief
of Police while, he was driving : through,
the principal thoroughfare.': \ His; carriage
was wrecked and tn*e Chief; and! two Cos
sacks who were escorting him.^were ; bad
ly injured^ - • " •" : - -•\u25a0^v : \u25a0
ROSTOV-ON-DON, Oct. ZS.V-Mobslof
demonstratprs are parading the>: streets
and hoodlums "are pillaging •"• -isolated
houses and stores. Fo«r persons. .Kaye
been killed by mobs.. The schools "Wr*
closed -and shipping has ceased. *
KIEFF. Oct. 23.— The city resembles a
besieged town.. The station Is guarded. by
troops with machine guns. Two squad
rons of cavalry have arrived here.
NEW RAILROAD
TO PENETRATE
HILL'S DOMAIN
Harriman to Purchase
Proposed Line to
Northwest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO,; Oct. 2S.— E. H. Harrlman
is said in railroad circles to be about to
purchase the right of, wa> of the pro-.
jected^St. Joseph, Albany and Dcs
Moines road,; whi^h \u0084will; give his West
ern lines connection with = Minneapolis
and the wheat lands of the; Northwest.
Negotiations looking, toward the pur
chase of |. the. line' "were "under way
when » Mr. . Harrirnan 'left for the. Far
East. "~-'F. S." Mordaunt, a- Chicago -capi
talist, who .is Interested vln the road,
wilKgoto NewiYork in the hope "of
consummating the 'deal.
'i. The » invasion? of* Northwestern .terri
tory, 'which ' heretofore \u25a0 has - been . domi
nated by .'J.'J.' Hill interests, will result,
it issaid; in bitterrivalry/;
Problem In Finance.
j Seedy Stranger— Excuse "me, - sir. but
can' you- change a' dollar, for me?
V *Humanitarian---\Vhy .- yes* i
Seedy j Strangers-Thanks.-. And f now. v will
you kindly^ tell Ime * where, I can eet the
dollar?— Cleveland ,' Plain 1 Dealer.' " ."
It r has been estimated i that - should
any one -. desire "to purchase 7 the frall
,ways?of '\u25a0': the world his ;' outlay -.would
amount to something like $36,680,000.
\u25a0 000
GIVES DRIVER
DRUBBING FOR
BEATING TEAM
Denver Magnate * Then
lUnloadsfCoal Wagpu :
\u25a0ir;^^yv lllßOiSelL
.*•. Special pispatch to Th« Call. V.
PENVER,* Oct. 28.— D. *J. Meyerpeter, '
president of the Western Coal, Coke- and
Fuel Company, en route to nis ofßce this*
morning, saw pne of. his drivers b'e.atirfg
. a team. Jumping from the car, he ran*
to tho driver, G. A. Brandon, gave him
a thrashing and discharged him. Then,
mounting the wagon, he dejtverefe th«
coal, unloading It alone. He drove ' to
the office 'grimy with coal dust and sent
this word to the other drivers:'
."I employ, my drivers to J drive, not •to
/.Then he went to his desk. .
NEW ORLEANS. Oct. 23.— Tor the flnt tla»
sine? yellow, fever appeared her» th« noon bul
letin covering tha sixteen hours prec«(lins
showed that th«r« were no news cases and no
deaths.
Dr. Humphreys 5 Serenty-
Seyen breaks up Grip and
__ . -. \u25a0\u25a0 ,t.
You have tried "77" for La Grlppa
and Colds, now try Dr. Humphreys* Spe-
cifics for Children's diseases — Fever.
Colic "Worms,' Crying:, Wakefulness: for
"Women diseases and "Weaknesses *of
every nature; for- all ages for Bowel
Complaints. . for Dyspepsia, Indigestion
and "Weak Stomach, for Headaches and
Neuralgia, for Rheumatism. Lumbago
and Sciatica, for Kidney and Bladder
trouble. They will prove Just as satis-
factory as >"*77." Medical Guide mailed
free.
At Druggists', or mailed. 25 cents each.
.Humphrey^. Home©. Medicine Co.. Cor." "Wil-
liam and John ; Street*. New Tork.
,n r> tt ri tt t? C fo^ barbers, bak-
Q K U Oil H& 4tTt ' bootblacks. b»th-
yll yy ll "r houses. ,bUU«rd UWe».
brewers, . bookbinders, candy # makers. - c*na«rs,
dyers, flour i mills, foundries, laundr!««. p»p«r-
hangers, printers, painters. sho« . factort«». »t»-
blemen; tar-roofers. tann«w. tallon. - H*
BVCUAXXX BROSh
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramemt* s*
2728
(if Iltj^^i The Bi SS est Furniture House on th * Pacific Coast f^X^k m
?Jj ;1 ffT^Sf^rv^v We furnish your cottage, your flat or your home upon the indorsed note of your v^\ '''> \u25a0 \u25a0 - || 'X fiff
l& VJ^lI.- •'\u25a0"*; -^-'' sincerity. If your deposits are small we will show you how' to begin in a small but still v i^Tl^ol H vCS
X" 0*&L — ir ?T an e^ e & ant wa y« We'll adapt your payments to your wages or salary. \\ \u25a0 Ifc^i-"" l'f-.''^Si.
kl^ f Gar4iii&' == = We'll guarantee never to molest you in adversity, but to stand by you honestly \ JtL •••• (^^^
' until you come into full possession of your home. JL-..- v.-: ; . >:- ; ;.^-i WW
V(A °|oid" m " e oTk! Out success is not in what you buy, but in what you think of.us after you have "dS^ Tnbt"- jEJ
IM/ a n l d r t d rubbed 1 bought. For you buy but once or twice, but you recommend a thousand times:' irelmed 6 aabovet c ffJU
Y(i with irnmew* If you want only separate pieces of furniture, where better could you buy than >' ou WOII 3, Pn who yltl
in mirror. A >>ifir i<rr>i rt' t-> •* »» •\u25a0»»•»» .. love to dross . . iifjl
l*i value f0r. ...825 at The Biggest Furniture House on the Pacific Coast? '....\u25a0\u25a0. $8.1.50 IXcy
Jfe X 'Ti t_JL \{( The Carpet Department of thi* house is equal to the com- k^SCljU*-'^E^w^ro^l J-T^? 3 ? //f\
•i\K feaLa^S^ :S^CZ^S^-4' it bined de P artments of an V °ther two furniture houses in San Fran- W^P^^^^^^^^^f^^dj fCif
A»« p>>w!; \u25a0*-=-•- jV W^^Y~Jf4 cisco. And never was this department better able to please you. fr^"—^^^^!^ I Y/ydk.
11l •¥''^ii^r !^4^J^^^^ ' w « ye over three thousand rolls of carpets on display. We have . j yffl*_~l ' "Sf II i/fft
fW 111 '&>• r ' •$* W*Vi*Miy: thousands of dollars' worth of • Orientals and many thousands Q >feaLQo |M|
[0/ 4 **^j^'Y'i^' l^-!4^^^S*v - more of domestic rues. This week we are offering our short *""^|C I vVs
l\ %h&&P I^'^ lengths and "dropped" patterns in a midseason dean-uo which \u25a0 V v/ft
\\A you should not mi<s. mild
|U Br«. .nd En«mH Brd-Full 90c BRUSSELS AH of the " oatterns that the mills intend to . IfJS^S^g^fe^JS;^ j/J/j]
'/ plre. with large posts and ele- change this year, and all the >* v'vwjth "drop" sides and wlr^e
\ pant floral err^ots. A very neat short lengths we have in StOck. we. will sell; this week, P^ll^ sprtngs- attached. These cribs fWi
i ( rSur jT: JS5S.tSi.wSk «wed and laid, for the yard, while they last V*\/<U worth sB; while they last.B4.on . .Rttf
' \ £*.:;<> S 1.50 VELVETS Car P Ptv tlnt have no # "equal; rich and — — — — . WJli
llf *^ — soft-toned and lustrous. The patterns .'- _ L ___^ VilfJ
i\ g^^^^g^ '"at have dropped seem to be even better than those if% =sd^^^^^^^^^ vsiSS
Ii V P^^^^^i H A tllat will continue. These velvets, per yard, sewed *| jO /^^§^^^^^^^^l Vfii
!f a M^^*^^^^^ jM O ur Drapery Department i- oiic of the most energetic depart- ""^^^^^S 2^^ h^% (Hi.
I Kff*^^^^^^^^M ments on the Pacific Coast. There is always something new and f , | I v\\\
J^of^^^^^^ra good to be picked up here. This week it is a big buy on J %SjB^l[ft'f l| IhiV
O^^^^^^i LACE CURTAINS They are 3 yards long. They come ; : F^| O|j 1 \u25a0'.. 'tSi
|w§r **r ecru or white. This week 500 pairs for,: per pair. . ll^tt^P aII Vlv
Morrt* Chair — In pold^n oak. vrlth aCf(f* tt&^Bf* W^ nf % I \afil
carve.i fe^t, and finely roHshed. ' %*' \* \Jf >W V r^V . . , \u0084 'jsll
quartered oak arms. Special.. , ' - ", IM LndlrV Writing Desk— ln Rnlden ii/L
•_ _ §14. Ur> twHat^py '^ilrt^. mw" _-T*sHTr''S'*~ : VCirt £Ui- \u25a0"- -rrm^r '\u25a0 -. oak; -fitted with all compartments: » /i|f
|, v '"v { v When you think of good cooking, good baking, good heating, fliJirtiH'"^feifl %Vt\
•\u25a0. t liere is a you a j ways want lo think of Buck's Sroves and. Ranges: They Par '" r Table— tjW'} Wll BBJ
S/sA I pattern and a are the only ones that go home to you with the absolute guar- A purely Mis- H| \ f]\ \l l
t-p ! \u0084 - .i; antee, "If not satisfactory, order it sent back, and your money sion design, /ii s IJll 111 '
\ "f/ J line of weath- will be returned" «\u25a0 \u25a0 /Ml I pis 11
' j-*'( win dc iciuiiicu. in xveathored ' fuj * &M /\% "
/\u25a0 \ \u0084 ered or gold- It takes faith to say that. . You've got to believe in what you -« < v w f \, li!i I ••.'\u25a0\u25a0 Ill •'.' i ] f/J\
"'f"^^r>^^^ v X are selling. And we've cot our whole heart and soul in the selling nmsn. worth ™ g . \rX Y//ti
{^'*^^*!z£*&fr* n of Buck's Stoves and Ranges— the great White Enamel Line. • •-' c b,u l.ar 1 y ". W9- | |^ (l(/ {
ilNp^jP 3 !."*^ chairs PRICES FROM $14.50 to $63 <? : about $ -- 50 - -IB I U f^V
'|« irJft**^^ that ' C3linOt Terms: $1 Deposits and $la Week Our. special Mgggg^rt S^Sj
" ' . •' - ; ."_ , •• \u25a0 - \u25a0 -- . - = \u25a0 "^^^ \u25a0 £* ' \u25a0
BENJAMIN SAYS MINERS'
OUTLOOK IS BRIGHT.
State Association Expects Splendid Re
• suits to Follow New Plan.
President Describes Work Performed as
fs.% Pledge of the Future.
Prrelfient Benjamin of the California
- Miners* Association, 'in an interview yes
terday. Fpoke at length of the new move
"that the association has determined •to
make In holding annual conventions at
• .various- mining centers in the State, in
"'.Ftead of having them all in San Fran
cisco. * Incidentally and opportunely he
• reviewed the work of the association un
der the new plan outlined and predicted
• the future welfare of the organization
and of the great mineral Industry of Cal-
I^^^VTjwHAT MAKES GOOD BEER?
%yj) 4^^ Is it the malt? Is it the hops? |W
rk I i^?^W \ sc PP r i me elements converted into the fin-
\%l/Bv * \ ished product by the master hand of the brewer ? \^m\
\\MB I : [ \ Moerlein's beer is a better beer than others. -- «\u25a0}
]f§M^44^^^\ ecause lt 1S brewed of the finest Hops, and J^\|
||(j^^^--^^ the best quality of barley malt money can buy. §<$/
jjL^pl^p^'^^ pure water, filtered air, and : Brcyc3'^ptn^#^^
f\ / master brewers of the American Continent. f/jL
I \ffMY.n^ Moerlein's Extra Pale Beer is a beer par excel- fwfp
Wi ** lence, the choice of connoisseurs of the world's |^v^
\ni ma^ P ro^ uc^ s - A beer at once a beverage and a tonic— Ypksi
111I II wholesome, delicious, with a flavor all its own.
I Mr It is the best brew that makes the best beer— Mpcrlcxn's/-'--. : .i§ft-; w
JL THE CHRISTIAN MOERLEIN BREWING CO- A
l)^s , SPOHN-PATRICK \u25a0•COMPAW ;; (liicofp^teay';PKi|Coist'- : Ag«t^'
- : - • ---. t6-iB-jOTia Frott^Street. Si* Frwcjsco. Cd.*- ; /••«t\/-
ifornia for which It stands In a repre
sentative capacity.
"The entire work of the association has
been carried on." said Mr. Benjanrin, "at
an expense of less than $65,000 during a
period of thirteen years. The greater
portion of the amount subscribed was ex
pended during the first two years of the
association's existence. We are going to
meet among the miners now. In Nevada,
City in 1506, and at some place In 1906 to
be designated at the Nevada City con-
a'HE';SAN FRANCISCO .CAL:Ii,;;SUNDAYv^gCTO
ventlon. Plans wijl be made <to greatly,
strengthen the association In Its field of
usefulness. It is hoped • that , jjermanent
organization can be maintained w"ith*an
income of not less than $15,000 a year and,
if this can- be accomplished, the "'benefit
to the mining Industry of California will
be inestimable. Where' the next .conven
tion shall be Held will hi- decided at Ne
vada City by popular vote.
Mr. Benjamin also salfi:
FOURTEENTH CO?. VEXTIOW.
Th-i California Miners' Association Is aboul
to hold its fourteenth annual convention in
Nevada City. It has becomf- one 6f the prom
inent useful organizations In the State. Its
membership comprises not only the greater
portion of the business ana mercantile houses
In San Francisco that are directly lnterestml
In a-commerclal way, hi tl(e success of the
mining industry, but the membership list con
tain? the names of a great majority of th«
prominent mining operators and a' number of
the great mining companies... It is.-an organ
ization that occupies an if ifluchtlal position.
The administration of Its affairs has been car
rltd on from year to year by \u25a0 men \u25a0 who have
devoted their time, their energies and • th»lr
talent for the advancement and the betterment
of the industry without any remuneration
whatever.
Its functions have been. largely legislative.
The organization came -at a time ' when the
great hydraulic mining. Industry of.: the . State
was paralyzed. The operation of the hydraulic
mines had been enjoined by. the United States
courts, and more than one niindred \u25a0 millions of
dollars' that had been" invested In j hydraulic
mining plants was absolutely tied up and ren
dered useless through Injunction that amounted
ta : practically; a confiscation, of the. nilnera'
property by the CSoverimifnu Xaturally - the
miners joined together In ap effort 10 reliovs
themselves from thi« condition, -and* the' result
was the organization of the California Miners'
Association. -The officers and -5 members .went
to work to formulate eotne^plan whereby' their
crippled Industry '.--cw ld agmn became .one of
the great factors In the ai7a;rs of the State.
/Various . plans -were. ' suggested, but nothing
ot a definite nature was accuinpUehftd until the
association, succeeded in having the so-called
»."amin<riti bill passed in Congress. This bill
provided for the resumption of hydraulic min
ing, to be carried on under; the supervision. of.
a corpsof. Government engineers to be known
as the Callloinla Lw-bris coainilssion, and pro
vided for the construction of dams by the mine
owners, according to plans furnished ; by the
Debris Commission and permitted them to work
their mines under license from the Debris Com
mleslon provided that theyt compiled' with the
requirements -of the law. In thU way four
hundred- licenses have be«n granted permitting
mlneH to work which otherwise would have re
mained idle. The act lteelf was a compromise
measure and has never been , satisfactory to
the miners.' But it was the best' that could
be done under the. circumstances and the only
relief measure that it seemed possible to get. ,
-LARGE -SUMS RAISED.
The Government engineers recommended that
restraining barriers be constructed : on :.i the
Tuba River to hold back the enormous amount
of material that wa» deposited in the < canyon*
and tributaries of the Yuba, , not only debris
irom the mines, but all debris that is carried
down by the torrential' streams. They esti
mated that $suo,ou> would be necessary to
tarry out this work. The officers and com
mltteemen of the association secured thii ap
propriation, one-half from the Federai Govern
ment uu<i one- ualt iroiu tne riuuu
Alter this appropriation had . been secured, a
report came irom , the engineers showing mat
the work would cost f XGo.OOO instead Of $500,000,
and it was thereiore. ne.cessary .that an addi
tional appropriation of $3UU,OOCM be secured.
Again the members of the asrociation took up
the task of securing this - additional, money,'
and were successtul in their eitorts, one-half
being appropriated by the Federal Government
and one-halt by the btate fcuKriniunu. ±..e
construction work '.on these dams , has | been
prosecuted vigorously. ,and, effectively — and
while in a measure experimental, the conser
vative members Of the association teel that
thlo work will be the natural solution of the
problem 'of the redumption on hydraullo mining.
It may be that other conditions. : will have to
be asHociatea with the \u25a0 construction 1 of . these
great barriers, but It has been conceded that
the barriers will be. the foundation for the
work of the future.
,"These two enterprises have , been the : main
work of the association, but, aside' from this,
the association's influence has be.en great both
In Congress and in the Legislature of this
State. It has secured the passage of < many
amendments to mining laws and the enacting
of new laws benefiting" the mining Industry,
an i its influence has \u25a0 repeatedly I been - xiued sto
prevent the enactment of ' laws ; detrimental to
the mlnlns Industry.' ;-. •\u25a0..-, : «. \u25a0 : ; - "
•'\u25a0 This was the first' organization : in America .
to advocate- the creation of a" department of
mines and mining in the national Government;
following its example, the: creation of this de
partment Ms now b«ing '; urged . by other or
ganizations. We are assured ' that v the \u25a0 de
partment will 1 be created.'; Ours was -the -first
organization to agitate the great question . of
conservation ' and storage of : flood .. waters, a'\u25a0
movement that has , stirred the nation by Hi
magnitude, .and has resulted In V the formation
pf many societies .and organizations for 'this
purpose, and has aim resulted' In -va?t 'work
being done by \u25a0 the . Federal I Governm*nt vln j tlio
w«.y of reclamation and Irrigation.' • . \u25a0 :,- \u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0
\ lt« publication* have ' betrn . thread ..broadcast
throughout ' the English .- speaking * world: 1 and
have created an - Inquiry v : and r-demand for- \u25a0 a
better knowledge of .our mining: conditions,
and have been the means of Interesting . men
of capital. In the mining Industry -of the State.'
It' collected and installed comprehensive min
eral exhibits \u25a0on the : occasion =\u25a0 of * three s gi"eat"
expositions, to wit : The " California \u25a0 Midwinter
1..; t rnaticnal Exposition, lb»3-94; the' Golden
JutiUe Mining: Fair in ISOS, ?and the Paris
Exposition. . 10C0. :'\u25a0• ;' 1", ; ,'
> AD VISrtTISING ITHE STATE.
;-' : The atsoclaticn brought across : the: continent
and - royally - entertained the members '.of the
American Institute of Mining "Enxineers -In
1809, and at that time, published -a-' volume
known \u25a0 as "California Mine* \u25a0 and Minerals, ".
which was directly . Instrumental In , bringing a T
large amount - of ' capital Into the : State ; for per
manent ' lnvestmentrs The > prompt and vigorous \u25a0
work lo' the : officers '. and • commit teemen r pre
vented the passage of the, Diek v bill In . Con
gresx, which, jif it -1 bad become 1 a\ law; : would
have Jeopardized -. the title to , vast \u25a0, area 3 :>' of
valuable oil - lands \u25a0 In : the State. In • \u25a0 fact,/ the
work- that h(u>' been accomplished: for;. tha good'
of j. the ' mining .industry ' by the -, association ran
6carcely^,b« t measured " In <\u25a0 words. *? Legal 3 talent
has. been' furnished to ,thS"; association \u25a0: by.-; the,
legislative, committee and' also : - by; the.;promi
nent! attorneys,, who have always given their
time Ito the asaoclation. J. This would = have ; cost '
hundreds '\u25a0 at thousands \u25a0}. of dollars £if • charged .
for at the rate that the same attorneys charge
th«lr : private 3 clients, -There :is bo ; doubt" now.
that , the onranlcatlon I can be | made I one of the
best Institutions in - the State ; and ; : he 5 of . great
benefit to the mining industry. It can gat h«r
and : publish reliable.? practical I pacers ; by ami--,
WIFE LOOKING
FOR HUSBAND
San Francisco Woman Asks
r Seattle Police Ch ief to
Locate Missing Spouse
FOLLOWING THE EACES
Writes to Better Half Upon
Leaving: Northern City arid
Has Not Been Seen Since
.'•\u25a0\u25a0.•\u25a0\u25a0 -•\u25a0\u25a0'.\u25a0 *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
• SEATTLE, Oct. 2S.— Mrs.' 1 Anna Michael,
residing at. 33S Eddy street, San Francis
co, has written to the police to ascertain
the whereabouts of her husband, Sam,
who disappeared from Seattle iast Au
gust. Michael was a traveling salesman
for, McMannusV & Co.. wholesale cigar
dealers. During the, race meeting in Seat
tle he fell short in his accounts about $600.
Prosecution- was threatened, but friends
in California settled up the amount and
the case was dropped. That was shortly
after the closing of the race meeting
and Michael wrote his wife he was going
to San Francisco. He disappeared from
Seattle and has not been heard from
since,'- either, here or at the home of his
wife/- - .;
Friends of, the missing man state they
believe he lias gone east to join the race
meeting at one of the tracks. He inti
mated this is what he would do just be
fore he left. ~ . • <
Mrs. Michael Is now living at 8 Pearl
street. .When seen last night she admit
ted she had asked the police of the north
ern city to find her spouse. "The dis
patch you show the." she said, "tells the
whole story. I .can tell you nothing
more."-
rent mmmg 1 men on pertinent subjects. It can
prevent the Illegitimate mining schemes that
possess no merit. There has never been any re
quest tr.ade to the. Federal Government or to
the State Legislature by the association that
has not received due consideration. While It
is true that some of the things We have a*kM
for have been denied, it has never been Claimed
that our requests were unjust. We have- tried
for many /ears to ha\ r e the mineral lands In
the rallrcad grant eegfegated from the agri
cultural, but our efforts have so far been un
successful 'In that line. However, we hope
pome solution of this great- problem will en
able, the Government to take »to»s.jo segre
gate the lands. In order that the prospector
and miner will hay* equal rieht* with the
farmer. : - There ure- Innumerable thinso that
can be done by the association for the benefit^
of the. State If a strong moral and flnanrinl
support Is maintained. The holding of the
mining conventions In the Interior. l 9 a Vise
move. It will bring the miners and mining
men, in closer, touch with each other, and the
interests of the mlninar Industry can be better
subserved by holding the annual conventions
In different parts of the State, close to. the
feat of derations. \u25a0
SHUTDOWN THREATKXRt).
The miners In Northern; California
counties are troubled by Urn scarcity
of water beca yse the rains have" not
begun for the Season. Unless rain falls
this week, according tb the Miner-
Transcript, all the mines of Nevada
City and ' Grass- Valley will be cora
.peiied to close, the water companies
have given notice that' they aro about
4o'.'shut off a large part 1 dt the 'water
»6utfply,. so-' ; that there will be barely
more than enough to run the pumps in
the mines. : - . - \u25a0
This means that all_ other parts of
the mines will be; compelled to sus
pend unless relief appears in the shape
of "copious rains. The ' same general
conditions exist at Truckee.
: The Truckee Republican reports' that
this ",1a the dryest season to d;ite that
Nevada County has had in twenty
\u25a0years. Not even a shower to lay the
dust has, fallen at. Truckee since Jlay.
Water is -scarce at Graniteville and
soon there will be none to use for
power. The mines in the hills above
Nevada- City, were cut off from water
last .Tuesday. If the conditions do not
change, according to the Truckee Re
publican, hundreds of miners In Nevada
,County v will be in idleness for a time.
There are .lively times in the Old
Diggings country in Shasta County, as
reported by. the Redding Searchlight.
Daily . shipments of ore are going to
the Mammoth smelter, at Kennet, More
work is in progress than at any pre
vious time in several years.
" Several transfers of California min
ing properties are .reported. Fourteen
mining claims in .the Lower Springs
mining district in Shasta County have
been sold -by J. W.. Girdner to S. D.
Furber and Furber in turn sold the
claims to the" Bromide Mining Com
pany. . ' .
The, Golden Poppy group of mines in
Nevada County has been sold by \V.
A. McKenzle, John R. Tyrrell and
others ; to W. D- Bogart, Frank Gassa
way and others of San Francisco.
The property of; the Harvard Gold
Mining Company, near Jamestown, has
been. sold;, at Sheriffs sale to James E.
Carroll .of Boston for J20.000.
Several placer claims on the Stanis
laus River have been sold to the Stanis
laus River Gold Mining Company. The
property of the Five Bears Company in
Plumas County,, according ,to the
Plumas Independent, has . been sold to
a San Francisco syndicate.
-A correspondent at Bullfrog writes
that , Carstairs, a wealthy distiller of
Philadelphia, J has -bought a controlling
interest in , the l Denver Mining Com
pany's property on Bonanza Mountain,
in the Bullfrog district. Charles M.
Schwab has ordered : hoisting ma
chinery to. .develop the Crystal claim,
which he owns with, John McKane. It
is reported ; ; that Schwab, will . erect
mills jand at smelting j plant., /The Bull
frog 'Extension (Mining ; Company and
the Montgomery-Polaris Company .will
also erect; mills soon, according to the
same- authority. vV-.- ; .. : .
BROKEN HEALTH,
So :' many women ;are ! broken down in.
health who might now be strong and
healthy hadthey.only resorted;to;Hos-
tetter'» * Stomach Hitters at the : ' first
sign of falling j health. . Becauseof, its
strengthening and toning effect on the
feminine organs.. >•„ • -
juMfMI STfiHf APtl Iby hundreds of
cll^t«ni» n women as. the
r^H^3** **lßSD) bpst " m^dioin,-? be-
UMfe^i . . \u25a0 - . . .. . once.
Our Lingerie oep»a[rtinent
OFFERS THE FOLLOWING
SPLENDID SPECIALS 1N...... Ml
Choice Bridal Sets
- Note the prices— the sets are all beautiful and specially
designed, lace trimmed and embroidered.
Some are American made, but the majority of these sets
are Parisian hand-made.
at j $775 ;a* set—A range of very- choice, effective set 3,
all made of the very best imported nainsook and tastily de-
signed. Trimmed with double thread lace edging or fine
English embroidery. The designs are' interwoven with lace
or embroidered medallions. Certainly great values.
.Also at $875 a set and $9.50 a set— We have gathered
TWO ranges of high-class and very effective trousseau sets,
which will ordinarily sell from $12.50 to $15.00 a set.
.. .
FRENCH SETS
At $5-50 a set— A wonderful .value .in imported hand
made and hand embroidered bridal sets, made of a fine qual-
ity Batiste, all hand-sewed and choice in style, we will offer
to-morrow as a great leader at $5.50 a set.
At $9.00 Set, At $10.00 "Set, At $12.50 Set
At. 516.75 and at J119.75 Set
We have gathered into five different prices lines of very
fine hand embroidered and hand made sets — all on sheer ba-..
tiste, each of which in proportion to the price asked is bet-
ter value" than we have ever before been able to offer in Paris
Lingerie.
The higher priced ones are exquisitely embroidered and
all are
Surprisingly Cheap— See Oar Window Display
At 25c Yard Pcduccd to $2 Pair
75 pieces excellent import- 250 pairs of Arabian Net
ed White Dotted Swiss; sev- Curtains,* all with real Ara-
eral qualities make up this bian lace edging and inser-
sale .offering; none worth tion, and with elaborate Ara-
less than 35c yard ; some 40c bian motif corners. Instead
yard, and more than half of $2.25 pair and $2.50 pah,
worth 50c a yard, all new, at on sale at
25c YARD $2.00 PAIR
D. Samuels Lace House Co.
SUTTER STREET AND GRANT AYE.
BOYS' FIGHT
IS REFEREED
BY MINISTER
Divine Sees Fair Play
Until Police Put
End to Scrap. :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
." WATSONVILLE, Oct. 2 S.— A fight be
tween two young men. refereed by a
minister, the arrest of the principals
and threatened legal . . proceedings
against the Chief of Police, furnished
some sensational features this after
noon at the football game between Gil
roy and Watsonville High schools. Roy
Rowe, son of one , of the prominent
families, here, while keeping the crowd
back from the side lines," got' lnto trou
ble with a big, husky town boy known
as "Buck" Walker. A fight wai pre
cipitated, which was continueJ at tho
end of the game, which was won by
Watsonville. ...', \u0084
Outside, the athletic grounda Walker
again • taunted -Rowe \u25a0- into •-• another
pitched battle and, Rev. Elsworth. L.
Rich of the-* Presbyterian church, hiia
self a former football player of; re
nown, acted as a. referee., .The di vina
saw that theje was fair play, until
Officer Sandberg arrived and took the.
two boys into custody. The boys were
taken before, the Police Judge and
Walker pleaded .guilty. Rowe asked
for a trial. Judge Sans fined Walker
$5 and Rowe will appear In court Mon
day.
While trying to keep the crowd back
from the little courtroom Chief of Po
lice Rassette. had to handle some of
the spectators rather roughly and . one
of them, Manuel ;silva. claimed that the
Chief kicked him and Injured him se
verely. He secured ' the ] services of an
attorney. and to-night tried to get a
warrant for the v arrest of. the Chief.
None of the locaj Justices issued one.
and Silva. through his attorney, will
take further steps against the Onlef
on "Monday.
Raisins Klk for: Profit.
*v -£ are suec *ssfully domesticated in
the.Eastern States. In fact, they are
the only deer that can be easily reared
in -captivity in practically any climate.
They will live without any .shelter and
can subsist on a hardy diet of bark
and twigs during the severe ' winter,"
when the domestic animals would not
survive. They are: prolific and their
young thrive. All this. raises: a ques
tion i of- considerable economic - Import
ance., The when they landed
on Plymouth Rock found' elk at' home
In; New. .England 'down to *- tidewater.
Why not :' make. >use; of the waste land'
of the East; again — rehabilitate it with
the : el k ; that ' can. ; if : necessary, find , «us
tenanee>iwlnter- and summer, on tha
barren pastures of j abandoned • farms,
and thua create a new. Industry of "rais
ing ; elk for ' profit? .According to Pro
fessor.William T. Hornaday.,who of all
authorities i in jAmerlca ;; could perhaps
speak .with T the most weight on: this
'subject,: there Ms :. n.Q , doubt that an i In
dustry; of; raising • elk ; Jn n New * England
may." be created.- providing only that
there\l» a' market* fpr/elk. venison- at : a
higher^ price \ than ; beef — nsayj fifty • cents
a .; pou nd ' " retail.—^Country \u25a0-• Ufa , .-."in
' America,
BOXING BOUTS
END A SMOKER
One Man Is, Knocked Ont iot
an Hour and the Shoulder
Bone of Another Is Broken
SENSATION IS CREATED
Little Affair Given by Wood
men of the World Stirs
Up the San Bernardinoites
aAN BERNARDINO, Oot. IS.— A
couple of boxing matches at a smoker
of the local camp of Woodmen of ' tha
World brought forth unexpected 're
sults. In the. first bout, tha men had
fought three rounds, when Clarenca
Clews caught JWllllam Crlpps under tha
arm and 'dislocated Crlpps* right shoul
der.
The second round lasted forty- flva
seconds, when It was brought to & ter
mination by Hamilton Marshall catch
ing-Harry Nicholson full on the nosa,
breaking It and knocking out Nichol
son so that he did not recover for aa
hour. He was taken home In. a car
riage. There were several physicians
in attendance and everything was dona
for the men. All the participants ar#
well known locally and the affair has
caused a sensation.
Miss Ethel Clifford, the clever young 1
English poet, is Ethel Clifford no longer
she was married the other day to Fisher
Wentworth Dilke. the son of the lata
Ashton Dllke. and the nephew of Sir
Charles Dilke. The bride Is the daughter
of a distinguished mathematician and an
equally, distinguished novelist. ,
RHEUMATISM
Xtired
Through the Feet
Don't Take Medicine. External Remedy
. Brtnjta Quick Relief. FREE en
ApprovaL TRY IT.
W« want every one who baa rheuma-
tism to send us his or her. name. Wa "
will send by return mall a pair of
Marie Foot Drafts, the wonderful ex-
ternal cure, which has brought more
comfort \u25a0 into ' the United States than
any Internal remedy ever made. If they
give relief, send us One Dollar; if not.
don't send us a cent.
Magric Foot" Drafts are worn on th«
soles of the feet and cure by absejrblnff
the poisonous - acids in the blood
through :the large pores. They euro
rheumatism In every: part of -the body.
It must be evident to .you that .we
couldn't afford, to send the drafts on .»
approval if they didn't cure. Write tn~ J\
day to. the Magic Foot Draft Co.. D. iL^^ '
29 ..Oliver, Bidg.r Jackson, Mich., for^^:'*
trial pair of drafts on • approvaL We
send also' a valuable booklet an Ei*u-
matlsox ' ' " 'Save a Third on Dolls
J/S^ml*' Such a few weeks left before Christmas
VMI--IPBS!^ M^T\ r3! \ m w^°^ to ress St when t^ ie c fc^k
.otr^*'\ are not about # .
/yD^k'7^s*i\ Ssw'* \u25a0.*"s\u25a0 ou 'Wouldn't miss this chance to buy the doll
/ fHL*»w*i%rt/ rJ V *s3§Wit'^H* y° u must aye at a under the price any other
/^S^^s**j\tM «tore would charge you for them. This sale is for
' if* !•! f teeth, eyes that go to <r??N
> " r> »^ : _^s' 3 sleep, fancy colored / fiVf*'v^*'v\\Y
' k!Pw V A' stockings with ties to VUlM^ff-^jl}
" 33C WW Beautiful Papier '/MMI \*%b>.
-~ n£> Mache Dolls-Full AW®] L J&W2>
' - 59° ** ball *?d? d
body, hands with jointed wrists, superior bisque heads, fine — \^^^
Dohait wig woven on net, in curly ringlets, £y
shoes and stockings, 17 inches tall. $1.00 value, If / f 1
«peaal Monday / ) \! /
Other Size Dolls, tame quality as above, 22 inches $2. 50 {y r\
—29 inches $4.50 •»' •
The Perfection Of Doll Making — Finest quality papier mache body, beautiful
bead, good full wig, handsome chemise :
12 In. tall . . . . $1.25 I 21 in. tali $2.75 28 in. tall . $5.00
15 in. tall .. . . $1.65 23 in. tall $3.25 30 in. tall ..t . . $5.75
18 in. tall $2MO I 25 in. tall $4.00 32 in. tall $7.25
Our Doll Doctor is a specialist in doll surgery, and can replace any part of the doll's
anatomy. We keep heads, an Immense variety, and the charges for patching up
dolly «re Tery low.
First Big flannel Offering
Comes as Cool Weather Begins
Hoe » «n auurtmuit of Baoaeb ipecuDy priced from which you can select the kind needed for almost any
Hirpma. Savir n oc this flannel t«3e will be from one-fourth to one-third.
54 Inch T willed Flannels— Scarlet and blact, all wool 1 1 ounces to the ff £5 /-»
jrard, good value at 85c, special beginning Monday • • • OU W
30 Inch California Flannels — All wool, colors black, tan, brown or Q O>>
wctma. regularly 40c and 45c the yard, beginning Monday
36 Inch Bleached Shaker Flannels— At a third less than regular price, |O/>
begisssrg Monday, yard ....... .-^ * -\u25a0\u25a0( V^
27 Inch Cream Shaker Flannels — Sold everywhere at 10c a yard, special' *V _
beginning Monday % V^
28 Inch Ramona Recce Back Flannels— Desirable patterns, in all of the | f\^>
most wanted colorings. 1 5c and 16 2-3 c qualities, special Monday, yard . . • lUv
-28 Inch Fleece Back Flannelettes— Stripes, figures, etc.. wide range *7\/ s+
of patterns, tegular 10c quality, yard % X 2
1000 Mill Ends Outing Flannel— Pieces from 10 to 20 yards each, mostly f*2f>
light and medium colon, 10c quality, special beginning Monday, yard .... U3v
33 Inch Cream White Embroidered Flannels— Values up to 85c /*/"!,>
the yard, parked • OV/W
There Will be a Rush in the
Silk Section To-morrow
Four lots of useful, seasonable silks much under value- Are you ac-
quainted with the high qualities of the Emporium silks? Better grades than are usually sold
for the same prices. Dependable in style and quality. Silks for wedding, reception gpwns ;
silks for walking and driving costumes; the correct silks for all purposes; shirt waist silks
from 39c to $2.00 the yard. The specials to-morrow will be :
fld 1—36-inchI — 36-inch Figured Silks, the Silk, in all desirable colors including the
S product of one of our best American man- new greens, blues and browns, ff O/-»
; ufacturers. Beautiful designs and colors scintillating effects, yard - . .OtJ \*
for dresses or waists, a $130 value,' 7or Lot j— 2o -Inch Black Peau de Sole,
8 yards make a full dress; 2M yards | ne 75 C quality, beginning Monday, yard
a shirt waist; choice of dozens £\ f\ „ 48c
of patterns; beginning Mon- £Ly Q ut y ard Si]i p natmal
11 - • ish. washes well, the $1.00 quality, yard
Lot Chameleon Novelty 75c
Hats For Tailored Costumes
/S(hw^ •\u25a0—•- * — Models from and copies of famous New York and
*.^^*§*->- Paris milliners' best ideas. Many beautiful creations
iJo^n 4p&k^&K rom our own wor^ rooms an<^ a recent large shipment
of hats make a display to-morrow well worthy of
>' our study and inspection, if you have winter milli-
ner y t0 huy.
V r elvet Untrimmed Hats, in attractivo shapes, made by
~ff yssl one of the best makers in New York. All of the wanted
»^L *73%y colors to po with tailor costumes — including plum, gray and
7 % >^r bla«— each \ $2.75, $5.50, $7.50
tf Trimmed Hats, an excellent line, at fully a third less than
. V^T- \u2666 Q N^_ lne cheapest New York milliners charge for the same
• -^ qualities. A hundred styles to please and interest you,
\u25a0v % at $5.00, $6.50, $7.50
Beautiful hats trimmed with flowers Model Hats from $18 to $30
and the newest effects" in wings An^exc^t fee of Plume.. Roses. Fo!l. e e.
, . r t£lfl fin "Ings, in the colon to go with tailored coftuiaet
< and aigrettes from JJ^'JJJ; aod eveoins sown. *yd wr,r». WingiSScup
to - • $15mOU u> 75es rJnma 52.00 to SB.OO.
i Xmas Hints
' From the Art
Needlework Dept.
Novelties made of scrim have die first call
in popularity. Among them are :
Handkerchief, glove, veil and cravat cases,
stamped for the popular cross stitch era-
broidery or in floral effects, each . - 350
Finishsd mis $1.25
Hoop Bags, suitable {or soiled handker-
chiefs or Tor fancy work, stamped for cross
stitching or in floral designs, with linings
and hoops, each 50 G
Finished ones %3.25
Diddy Bags of scrim, very useful and
unusual, stamped, with linings . • • 500
Finished cms $3.75
Pin Cushion Covers, stamped for cross
•stitching, with linings, each .... 250
Finished ones $3.00
Stamped Picture Frames, one open-
ing 50c; two openings .... 850
Collapsible scrap baskets, stamped and tinted
on natural linen 850
Bulgarian cloth novelties, stamped and tinted
end nicely bound 50 O
Scissor cases, stamped and tinted • • 25c
Turn ova collar cases, collar and cuff bags,
glove cases, handkerchief cases and veil
cases of Bulgarian cloth, stamped, tinted
\u25ba and bound, each . . - 600
Cravat cases, cost (tamped, 75GS finished
" \u25a0\u25a0 '»',/•>?•?> ",v •\u25a0 .".•'.- $3.50
\u25a0 Second Floot
STOCK MARKET
IS UNSETTLED
«NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— A number of" ad
verse factors had to be contended with in
the" stock market to-day and it showed
the effects of pressure throughout the
short session. The pressure did not be
come acute, however, until after the ap
pearance of the bank statement.
Foreign markets showed growing anxie
ty over the course of events in Russia,
and there was reflected depression in this
market on this account. The deposit of
5500 000 at the sub-treasury for transfer
to Chicago, marking the revival of ac
tive demand for currency from that cen
ter was an item In the formation of the
day's sentiment. The bank statement
showed only a nominal decrease In the
turplus. but the heavy gain reported in
cash -^as regarded with distrust owing to
Its large excess over any previous csti
tttte based on the known movements of
cnirfl*.'. None of these had Indicated more
ifesb k nominal g^ln and had varied up to
en indicated loss of nearly $2,000,T>00. while
the bank etatement reported an Increase
Linen Specials
A small quantity (for this store) of these
extra special values in table linens, to be sold
Monday. .
16x18 all linen, hemstitched. "|
open - work napkins, full
bleached, values $330 per
dozen All
3-4x3-4 all linen bleached -
napkins, assorted patterns,
extra value at $3 a dozen . A f
Bxlo bleached linen table \u25a0 f*££
cloths, that cannot be dupli-
cated elsewhere at $3.00 st» » /*q
Bx??bleached linen table cloths V««^0
nicely hemstitched, that re-
tail everywhere at $3.50
Hair Dressing and
Manicuring
Done in first-class manner by experienced
operators, in our up-to-date parlors on second
floor, back of elevator. Absolutely Erst-class
service at moderate prices.
Face Massage — By the best Irisol
cream — half hour treatment SOo
Scheffler's Hair Colorine — For
coloring gray hair, perfectly harm-
less, 8 different shades, box 75c
\ 8 inch switch, short stem, fine soft
hair, suitable for low hair dressing,
all shades except gray • $f*so
of J4.406.000. The reported loan exp;«ision
of upward of 515.000.000 was also regard
ed with disouiet. The selling in the last
half hour was rather precipitate, and al
though some rallies occurred by reason
of hasty covering of shorts by the suc
cessful bearF, .the closing was unsettled
and Irregular. Total sales of bonds, par
value, $1,590,000.
BOY RISK> Hl> OWN I. UK
TO SAVB VOIiXGKR BUUTHBKS
RfM'iifn Them Kroin HiimiiiK Home, in
Wfalcb Ills .llother :inil Bnhy
SlKtrr Prrlnbed. '
AURORA. Nebr.. Oct. 28. — At the risk
of his own life, 14-year-old Adolph Ja
cobson yesterday forced his way
through a solid wall of flames, and, with
a sheet taken from thoir bed, lowered
his two younger- brothers to safety
from a fire in which his mother -and baby
sister perished and • which destroyed
their home. Simon Jacobson. the hus
band and father, was severely burned
in futile efforts to save his wife. To
reach- and rescue his. brothers Adolph
had to make his way up one flight of
stairs when the house was a mass of
flames. •
CHARLESTON, W. Va.. Oct. 23.— Forty-flve
damage eulus growing out of the eviction of
miners la«t winter were filed against the lead-
Ing coal companies In the bituminous fields
here to-day. The total . amount -of damages
asked for U 1112,000.
THESAN/' FRANCISCO \ GALL, /.SUNDAY, .OCTOBER^ 29 ? i905;
"ur ''-'ffj/'- \Jm&^ f- \u25a0•' " Can Be
Exchange cAUFOßNiA'S'LAßGESTj^^g^^^^^ii*"^^^"'^^ Credit 4
""** 6^ \AM IERICA'S GRANDEST STORE
Always the largest assortment here at the right time and the right prices. Take advantage
of our surpassing resources for ;; supplying your cold weather wants. Nowhere
else such vast assortments. People who are looking for the best for the least money are the ones who
daily crowd this great ten-acre shopping place, and are always protected by our liberal money-back policy.
Emisr® idler ies -Less Than Half
A St. Gall manufacturer's Mill Ends of this season's output. 1 0,000
pieces, ranging in length from 4^ to 6^ yards. Swiss, Nainsook and Cambric in
edgings and insertions; pretty baby embroideries in all sorts of plain and fancy headings and headings.
Also embroideries for shoulder straps, rialf flounces, corset covering and trimming embroideries. .Widths
run from % to .18 inches, and the patterns are absolutely the newest, prettiest and in every way most de-
sirable. They will be sold ; by the strip omy. Beginning Monday: ;
Strips worth to 60c .... . . .. . 28c " Strips worth to $1.85.. ....... .8fc
Strips worth to 35c. '. . . 33c ' Strips worth to $2.25 .. ...... $3.15
Strips worth to $1.15. . . . . . .49C Strips worth 1 to $3.50 $1.63
Strips worth to $1 .45 . . , . ... . . 63c Stripsworth to $6.50. .... .-.-. $2.38
Our Distinctive Siyles anil 'Economical Prices
J&re Compelling Reasons* For Buying Here
_^ Besides our regular resident buyers .in New York City two of *^^^^^
l 'o^^j our buyers are now in ! the East selecting the best of the .^M^^ \
r afPpsS final winter styles, and these selections are being rushed out to us as .*€%£?
ft^ji& fast as express trains can bring them. You can be absolutely sure of v^f
t—tsiiX ' getting the correct style in suits and coats at; the ' Emporium Styles that are _^S^'fKj_
• exclusive here and will not become common. Arrived Saturday the two
V>P?t^ s^ iJ^~\ beautiful suits illustrated. , . - \ V- /k\\ \\\\
\l wl /.'V^Vi EZfl For tlie 7 " 8 frock coat suil on left * materiai ver ym( m\ LiS
Jfil'l I*4\V#» P^ *• U" fine chiffon broadcloth or choice .gray mixtures, wil\\W/^%\ Wiffl
"fflA* . [JStffy an excellent taffeta lining. * Colors black .lavender, blue and green, highly \l'*f' 1
\^^.«\ WMiS*"/ t^loreJ" &c& e newest model in long coat suit,. - "* VJ% \mF^\ \ fft&L^%
' c . Smart 27 Inch Coat' Suit on the right is also made of chiffon, broadcloth, lined jA#sr
\u25a0^W\i^^^\ ta^ eta "^ and neatly trimmed with novelty braid and E? f\
\u25a0^'jKeW \ velvet. The ultra styli«h pleated skirt is 1 1 gore. Our price • s*|^<T/ j^l 8 6^vl2^^fiil\
/Pfialf p \ \u25a0\u25a0' ........ J^ '^(^^SP^^^lhA
Mrak" 111 ' ' New Waists Await Your Criticism. \ Bff]lf^\
i\\ U lIU P' ai<^ s are l^ c m tne Eastern cities. Plaids are in great demand here, and the ffilllMl'l \|
/////« i^^klitt plaid w aists we have been waiting for came Saturday, a!so some dainty checked » ffjji 'tMliftl \ .
Ml! a P I I%a\V effects and beautiful waists in solid colors. WaisU for every day wear, /]k WM .l\
rfliM I »\Vv waists for the evening. An assortment from .which we can suit most any ...// '/tKrilh. ' \V
/tf ffM I I F\V\ °n e - The finer waists for evening wear are marked from ,£&/ iHi/ ill \\
mMIm f! 1% .............. .. . $6.50 to $15.00 yS/Pff ij ' I \\\ \u25a0 •
Wfflll^l I " * Some $1.50 Waists ' (WmT- f/1 \ ll\l\\
' | ><r^Ns 50 Dozen white mercerized striped madras waists, full pleated front A^f WM jM'/h \\ \\U\ \ \
Bnd back> full s!eeve with By: inch fittcd cuff $Us ° Mw'll'i \)^
Hll >^ Very smart waists, in checked and plaid mercerized madras, with , \it \ fjlfl >
| J" 1 soft turn over or stock collar, also .. • • •• • • '• • $1.50
Choice of Furniture anei Garpet
Stocks at \u25a02%aj^i^:-Re!^Gfj^ &^
Any piece of furniture in this store (kitchen furniture, springs and mattresses excepted) at a reduc-
tion of 25 per cent from our usual low prices, and from the carpets; 15 ;; per cent. If, as
we beh'eve (and investigation will prove we are right), our regular prices are 20 per cent less than those of stores which sell
only furniture, you can furnish a home now for about half what is' generally asked. Here are some 1 sample prices:
$25.00 Combination Book Case and Desk. $50.00 Mahogany Desk, ladies'^ $37.50 $6o".OO Round Top Extension Table. $45.00
aJSaLo* 111 %&ss& SS&^MitW^^ M PerGe "f/"£ Ca tf£ s
.. . ..... ...... . $20.65 $15.00 Weathered Oak Morris Ch^x, $11.25 The new pnees mdude making and laymg.
$37.50 Mahogany Drssser, serpentine front, • • $27.50 Vemis Martin Rocker, upholstered in 75c Devon Tapestry Carpets, yd. ... 64hC
.... ...... ... $28.15 silk tapestry .. . . ... • • $20.65 $1.05 Sanford Tapestry CarpeU, yd. . 89G
$67.50 Mahogany Roll Top Desk . $50.65 $42.50 Three Piece Chamber Suits. $31.90 $1.15 Stinson Tapestry Carpets, yd. . - 98c
$30.00 Mission Design Weathered Oak Book $15.00 Hanjing Weathered Oak China Cabinet. $1.00 Pahsade Velvet Carpets, yd. . . 853
Case, latticed doors . .... $22.50 .•• • • •-• -;. :' • • $11.25 $1.25 Extra Velvet Carpets* •• • $1.06
$4230 Leather Upholstered Turkish Chair . . $53.50 Golden Oak Folding Bed . $40.15 $120 Saxoty Axminster CarpeU . . . $J'O2
............. . $31.90 $17.50 White and Green Metal Beds. $13.15 $1.40 Extra Axminster Carpets - - $1.19
$90.00 Colonial Mahogany Davenport . ... $65.00 Continuous Post Brass Bed: .s4-8.75 $1.50 Middlesex Axminster CarpeU . Sl'27
. . . $67. 50 $55.00 Golden Oak China Closet $41.25 $1.50 Best Body; Brussels, yd.. . $1.27
Be Sure to Visit the Pure FootS Show
The most interesting demonstrations of scientifically prepared eatables and drinkables made in years. Come and learn
how to live economically and well. Liberal samples of everything being demonstrated.
Among tbo Demonstrations Ares Monday and Tuesday
Spanish -American Food Co. 's delicacies -for immediate table use. Soups, beans, GrOGCrjf SflCCialS
tamales, etc. Coffee— Best Java and Mocha, regular 35c— 3 ) j
Borden's Malted Milk— An incomparable food product fw children, invalids and fe.JJ; O^ lb ' ' :% IVY «V ' *?nn
, v * Babbitt's Soap— best laundry, 25 bars. $1.00
well people. . Eastern Rolled Wheat— B lbs. . ... 250
Crescent Mapleine— A delicious flavoring to make maple syrup of. Spanish- American Soups or Baked Beans—
t _, . . .... - 1' Dozen, 95c,; 2 tins • .... • • • \u25a0. • 150
A I Flour makes superior biscuiU;. try a hot one when you come in. ;\u25a0• Lard— Swift's best Silver Leaf, 3-lb. pail . 33C
Emporium M. &J. Coffee—Finest blend of high-grade coffees. Tea— All flavors, 60c Teas, lb. . . ... \u25a0 46C\
Encore Pancake Flour contains all the ingredienU ; ready to cook. £ew F'gSr-Packages orJoo«r3 lbs. . ;.' . 25c
\u25a0 , \u25a0 \u25a0, >,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 if • Emporium Baking Powder — Guaranteed,
Victory Butter — A perfect creamery product ; put up expressly for the Emporium. - n, # ,~ . .-. . ... ... .... . 37 C
Italian-Swiss Colony Wines— Choicest products of their great vineyards. Jesse Moore AA Whiskey— Bottle -790
ii \u2666««»<= t.« tu j i- • j£. l ij j Club Cocktails— Bottle ... ... . $1. 15
Lipton S Teas -The most dehaous and fragrant teas the world produces.- _ Claret-Good Sonoma wine, gallon . 33c
Duffy's 1842 Cider— Sterilized, non-alcoholic, non-intoxicating, carbonated. Cedar Run .Whiskey— Regular $2.25, gallon.
Menier's Chocolates and Cocoa— Absolutely pure and rich cocoas and chocolates^ \u0084 ,; -^ • ".\u25a0'\u25a0' a :' ' l ' *\u25a0"'" ' : tv . \u25a0
.... , _ . _ •- , , • - , Fruit Brandy— Apncot, cherry or peach, bot-
Qrlfnn s bxtras — Preserves, Oyster cocktail sauce and caUup ;. none finer. . tie. . ..i; .\u25a0."•'!\u25a0. '< \u25a0...'... . • • • 75C
M. J. B. Coffee-Sold in packages only; fresh roasted and fragrant. Hock Wlne-^Gallon . . . • • • • • .. 50c
California Home Brand Pickles-All varieties of the best pickle, and appetizer, ; : W ££ n .^i;?i- . } T. . b °. Ur °" °85c
put up in the most attractive manner. ' O ld Keller Wjhllskey— Gajion ... $4.00
JlenowhCjcjars SmtZ^^^M
HEAD OF MORO
REBELS KILLED
MANILA, Oct. 28.— Troops under Cap
tain Frank R. McCoy of the Third .Cav
alry, aide-de-camp to > Major I General
Woods, have surprised Datto Ali.'rMVead
of the Moro insurgents on the island of
Mindanao, who has been . on the warpath
for some time past, and; killed him, his
son andY ten followers. Forty-three
wounded Moros were taken prisoners and
many arms and a largeiquantity'of.am
munition ; was captured. : :- \ . s •\u25a0"
Three enlisted men of -the -Twenty-sec
ond Infantry were killed and two wound
ed during the engagement.. .- ' .
Heavy fighting is also reported -between
the constabulary and ; Moro Insurgents
near Lake. Linguasen,, Mindanao."'... ; ' "' .
Datto Ali, for; a long, time' past/, had
given considerable trouble ; to ; the \u25a0.Ameri
can authorities in Mandanao. HeXtqok
the aggressive '. on October,.'. 16 . last.V and
since then. he. has . be«jn ',. killing .'jMoros
friendly to the Government. ' He. recently^
informed '- the.; chiefs , who « were "'assisting ;
the Federal troops to capture ;• him [that
he -was> prepared \u25a0to meet and kill them.''
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— The l War De
partment : to-day received the following
dispatch from Manila: ;
"Brigadier General James A. Buchanan
reports that Captain ' Frank \R. I McCoy,
Third;; Cavalry, \ with a provisional com
pany Vof the? Twenty-second J Regiment
United States Infantry, ! surprised All Oc
tober 22 near Bulu'an, , Mindanao. :AH and
some ten followers killed ;- two of All's
wives: and Isome1 some : children and forty-three
followers prisoners; most; of^ the latter
wounded, j Seven guns, 500 rounds ; of am T
munition "captured.- Llewellyn -W. B.
Bobb, Company -;C, Twenty-second In
fantry ; Martin L.". , Bales/ Company : -_ ,'Ai
Twenty-second 'lnfantry,- killed ; ; John I: J.
Rorke, Company,VC;J.Twcnty-second\-In
1 fantry. ; woundedi •* Constabulary • v killed
I five;; captured ; ten Moros -near Lake Ling-
I uasean October. 25." " SC- ." , . ;
Regensburg's American Cigar, imitated
by others, equaled [ by.' none 2 for. 25c. •
Blk 2 Deed | of .Trust Recorded.
There -was filed' yesterday: in* the ; Re
corder's office a .deed ', of ' trust where
by? the Sierra Nevada and ''Power.; Corn^
pany, conveys all -of v its; ; ; - properties,
rights of [way andifranchlses Hn ; Cala^
veras andjother s counties : to ithe Union
Trust -Company as ; security :for % the | is
suance §.of JS.OOO.OOOj. worth of '5' per
cent* twenty-year; bonds. v; Ct ' "^ - 1 f-;;t
MEKCHMTS GIVE XOT
EOK A BIG-FAGTOKY
Business Men of Marysville
Offer inducements to a
• (/orporivtioii.
MARYSyiLL'K.'bct. 28.- T Marysville bus
iness men \u25a0' have j subscribed $2500 \to pur
"chase a block of land.on E street, adjoin
ing the Southern iPaciflc\ tracks, and will
donate ;it ; to; W.'*P. jHammon and the As
sociated ; Mining? Company, 1 who intend to
'establish -a' large! machine shop plant.' In
addition the-prdperty. owners havesigned
a I petition asking j for a reduction : of the
taxes to a 25- per "cent valuation." This
was. ; done ;asfan'^ inducement "'> to have the
shops established here instead of at Ham
mon City. ;.ten v ;railes,~east"of; this city,"
where the"; company owns many, acres of
mining* ground.,; The shops will, cover, ; a
whole. \u25a0 blocks and :.' will 1. cost 'v upward;, of
$250,000. i As i.the". citizens; have' accom
plished what was'; asked,; the snobs will
be built- here.*"; They? will; employ,; 100 or
more men.': . -' Vv'
Dome?; of Great Cathedral i Falls.
.EL? PASO.^Tex., : 0ct.V28.- :^-The;dbme
of 7 1 he i great * cathedral "^1 n -ih Monterey,
Mexlco^.felli!n7 -crushing^ the J church
into' a ; heap? edifice -was -one ; of
We Open the Lamp Season
y — v - With a superior collection of oil, gas and ;< r>&>
(!'-'. \\ \ electric lamps, the very cheapest one of "Jj*7 .
( '^'] which is a real work of art. You" will mar- . /^sF^WV
>V*-j -)/[:'\u25a0 yd net only at the beauty of the designs, ' but '^^ .
l£j>Fji)\j zt the low prices we. have marked tnera, as '^'[1)1,^/
\u25a0^iSfy. ' compared with the prices of other stores. i»Mi^LJM
" w. Mcndfay a Special Saie Vjja
W , Hi^h grade incandescent gas lights, to attach T v
;,_\u25a0 -- • \u25a0 ? to gas fbtture, complete with new high ores- "f : Ufi^bv
""ij&ffi&f^L . . sure turner, with \ patent gas regufator, Van^'j \u0084 J
#K^"~\\ ' double frame and cap mantle «ijr /-v 4*>lflS?'k -
A?\ Ml ; " V* and genuir.e Jena imported air JT^ \% C\ '
JeajKL^*k hole globe, instead of 75c eh. V>< <^
Reading Lamp— (Like cut) bronze _ • Ftt j^
Cupid holding decorated and fringed dome
/WK^) shade, best Welsbach burner and mantle, * jCf^^JSgpaL
VMT' six feet of hose with goose neck, (^ "^ Wt/^ZM*
useful and ornamental, only . . . <JJ t i:^^|f &3&3J^
\^JfsC^pT Electric Reading Lamps— (Like cut). JjfstiK§P|ljwfc
S&2fl^^' old copper finish, square art glass shade.
i complete with silk cord (> fl r\ SZ.f\ /^l^RS^Si^.
and «>cket .... jjf ?fffl*jSLfa
Electric Lamps From $2.73 to $22.50 %&P*'Wbf!fflSP*^
Oil Table Lamp— Of weathered oak— old mission style, square X T$O^T
.shade and art glass panels, very artiste {J? "I C)
onK/.V . . \u25a0-\u0084-. «•;.. = ..\u25a0.\u25a0;..•\u25a0,.\u25a0•.\u25a0....-. 'I? 1
Other Siyles Oil Table Lamps f/.6j to $35-\. '*S? : -
Nickel Plated Table Lamp, 60 candle Artistic Metal Lamp, red enameled
power, center draft burner, 10-inch ring body. black wrought iron base,
top dome shade, only . . | t* fij . draft burner, engraved glass globe $4.13.
. . ........ .-.. tJ)..1«09 das Reading Lamp, complete, black
Handsome Parlor Lamp, tinted and iron base, po&hed brass center, best Wels.
flowered porcelain bowl, with dome shade bach burner and mantel, 6 feet of hose,
of globe to match, handsome brass mounted decorated dome shade and cup to »Wd
stand, only ....... - - $3mOO the eyes. - . • • • •-• • • 92M0
Will & Finch
Toys Haif Price
.This brief list of toy prices will give you an
idea of how you can save half of your
Christmas expenses in this line by buying
now, while the W. &' F. sale continues.
$1.00 Washee Washee laundry sets.. 50 O
$2.00 Doll Saratoga trunks. . . . $1.00
25c Game of Shoot the hat . -...." . 100
50c Wood washing machines 250
25c Toy hand organs, for .... • • 120
50c Camera obscura, very interesting . 25 O
40c Wood Noah's ark . . ... - . 200
$1.00 Wild West panorama, for ... 500
W. & F. 50c kid dolls ...... 250
25c Indestructible dolls . ... ... . 120
W. & F. $1.00 dressed dolls SOO
$2.50 French race hone same ............ 91.25
$1.25 Billiard «nd pool table 820
25c Trsntparent drawing date • 1 So
51.00 Roulettei 800
50c Soldier on parade 2So
' Etc.. etc., etc.
Reduction Sale in Curtains
'Choose to-morrow from thousands of pairs of Nottingham Curtains, in
novelty "effects, Brussels designs, cable nets and corded designs, new desirable
goods, perfect in every particular, at a saving of one-quarter to one-third from
usual prices. We have marked this big lot per pair:
85c Curtains. ... 593 $1.75 Curtains . . $1.29 $230 Curtains . . $1.98
$1.15 Curtains . • 88 G $225 Curtains . . $1.69 $325 Cui tains . . $2.19
Door Panels— Good bobinet, motif in Madras Curtains— Green; red and blue
„ center, Arabian color. .. . 850 "stripes on aeam grounds, pail.. 51-OO
_ . „ , /^_. i • t \u25a0 j Figured Denims — 3d inches wide. Ori-
Couch Covers-Onental stnpes, fnnged flora , eoßW a fi oßal designs, suit-
• all around, 30 inches wide, each . 88 O a ble for curtains, cushions ana couch
Portieres— Armure and Ottoman weaves, covers, yard 12MO
self color, in reds, greens and browns. Table Covers — Ottoman rep, 2 yards
fringed both ends, pair . ...... $3.50 square, reversible ....... $2.00
: Sailor Suits for $5.00
Extra Pants to Match tree^~-s
50O.Suits read£. Monday sizes 6 to \2 C^j&§>^
"'years. Suit alone is wortH "$5.00 and with it we *)
give white Buster collar, silk bow and the extra pair A"l£ '
of pants. Tney are made in the Buster style, extra > x' <^Sfc&v
full blouse and the knickerbockers are full lined. The /v^vf^jl
materials in the prettiest mixtures and plain navy blue / •• Jptt 'T
all wool fast color clothes. Remember these are a l\ I Apu V* <£
; full $5.00 worth without the extra {J>Ef Oft /4L^3mS v \ [
pants • • •'•'•• • •.;•\u25a0• ••• • * ' €pC^» Vf Vr jaa
New Fall Top Coats v\tfTfsf
For Boys 2 to 16 Years, 55.00 ir )/feP
Russian Coats, all wool doth 3, in blue, brown, tan *r / eJBPf
and gray and fancy plaids, sizes for 2}4 to 8 years; *-/
reefers, blue serge, che\iot, heavy kersey and tan VVith«f!s.
coverts, for ages 3to 10 years; overcoats, for boys extrdal^t
(7 to 16, cut like the men's, all wool materials in q i
oxford gray or nobby plaids, belt back or plain; your famS^^^ 11^
choice of all at • • * . • • • . • • • • • $s*oo
Kodaks
We carry complete lines of cam-
eras and camera supplies, including
the non-curling Eastman films and
Velox and Solio papers in all sizes.
We make a specialty of developing . and
printing and all work is guaranteed to be
genuine Velox prinU. Give us a trial. Our
quick service and bedrock prices are sure to
interest you.
Brownie No. 1 Kodak, $1.OO; No. 2
;\u25a0 . .:.-.-.-: ..,;.. : . . . $2.00
3#x3>< Flexo Kodak, $5.00: Bulls
Eye. > .... .V • • -• v $8.00
Folding Brownie No. 2, $5.00; Folding
Brownie No. 3 . . ... • \u25a0 $9.00
Folding Pocket Kodak No. 2. $15.00:
No. 3. $17. 50; No: 3A, $20.00
Music t7 c
Have our pianist "try over" for you
any of the' new music. On special sale this
week, 3 copies for 50c, single copies 17 O
"A Picnic For Two." - :^:S
• "Dreaming," beautiful ballad.
"'Neath the Spreading Chestnut Tree,"
big hit. \u25a0 - :
" Fighting - the Flames," characteristic
march, two-step.
"Silverheels," Indian intermezzo two-step.
the landmarks of Mexico. It was. built
in 1792. As far as learned there was
no one injured by the collapse of the
dome. • .'' •
£sSI j@£§ R & Every woman coveta a
I$M$W *5& Bifrßfbfß&3b tt& sha P el y. P re «y and
£2 WrSB &dmlm M S3 &£a many of them deplore the
* loss of their girlish forms
. All of this can be avoided,
however, by the use of Mother's Friend before baby cornea^ as this
great liriirnent always prepares the body, for the strain npon it, and
' preserves the symmetry of her form. Mother's Friend overcomes all tho
danger, of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
gratefully: tell of the benefit and relief derived from th«
use of this wonderful \u25a0;.__ ' :
remedy. Sold by all ISJff ****£&** K&' *F*
sr so«:s o«: SmOtsSßr S
book, telling all about :. v . m — ; «•
this liniment, will be sent free. £ fff/lM#f
Tie BriiMeK Repliiw Co.. Afliato. Bj. W mm9SMm%M
Thermalite Bags
Have Been invented
To take the place of hot
water bottles. The hot water bot-
tle will soon be a thing of the past.
ThermaEte rubber bags are far • more
convenient They do not require hot
water. Give an even, dry,' steady
heat Heat can be stored in them so
that they are always ready for use.
W3l outwear two ordinary hot water
bottles. A really wonderful invention.
Beginning Monday ThennaKte bag* will
be demonstrated in out Toilet Aruae De*
partment. 4
Prices— No. 0. $1.25? No. \.51.50j
No. 2. $2.00; No. 3. $2. 50;
No. 4 . . . ..S3 MO
These are the
New Books
That are having phenomenal sales all over the
. country— published a t -g
$130— our pries for any Mk II l^k
of them #^- rv - r
"The Reckoning," by Robert W. Chambers.
"Plain Mary Smith," by Henry W. Phillips.
"The Rejuvenation of Aunt Mary." by Anne
Warner.
"The Missourian,** by Eugene P. Lyle. Jr.'
"McAllister and His Double." by Arthur
Train.
"The Giants," by Mrs. Fremont Older.
"Squire Phin," by Holman F. Day._
"The Resurrection of Miss Cynthia," by
Florence M. Kingsley.
"The Heart of a Girl," by Ruth Kimball
-. Gardiner.
"Ayesha," by H. Rider Haggard.
Handkerchiefs
. Handkerchiefs have been given
double space for the holiday season and
we are showing the largest and best
assortment we have yet had., Con-
spicuous among the good values are :
Ladies* ali pure linen handkerchiefs, em-
broidered in a great variety of styles, _bott»
hemstitched and scalloped, the embroidery
being exceptionally good, each \u25a0 . • 350
. Washington; Oct. 2s.— tb« Pension bu-
I reau reports a loss of 2003 Civil "War penslon
| ers by death durtnj September. Th« net da
crease of pensioners was 941. leaving: -a total
lof 996,270 on the pension rolls September 30. .
2930
Cl.OBLk- and Stilt
Departments
(SECOND FLOOR)
_WILL OFFED THE FOLLOWING...
Extraordinary Specials
MONDAY, OCTOBER 30
Princess Gowns
Exclusive models of soft, clinging Radiums,
Crepe de Chines and Messalines in pale evening
shades and black, exquisitely trimmed c _
; with lace; value $85 $Di>
Dainty Gowns
For afternoon and evening wear of Crepe de
Chines, Chiffon Taffetas, Messalines and tf/A
Voiles. Real value $65. Special J4U
Long Tight-Fitting Tailored Suits
In all the prevailing colors and black; also sev-
eral styles of Eton Blouses and Broad- tf o _ - n
I cloth, value $40. Special $2 *OU
Model Costumes (tor Street and Evening Wear)
Prices $85, $95, $115, $150, $165 to $500
Coats for Evening and Reception Wear
$45, $50, $65, $75, $85 to $175
* (In White, Champagne, Gray and Tans.)
IRISH* CROCHET UNMOUNTED COATS
Tan Covert CoatS (Custom Tailored)
Special . . . $18.50, $22.50, $27.50, $30
Fancy Dresses
A choice assortment marked at this price in
Veiling, Etamine and Crepe. All silk lined with
drop skirt, trimmed with lace. Colors ij™
black, blue and white. Special Ji>U
Ladies' and Misses' Suits
Of Broadcloth and fancy mixtures, in Eton *
Blouse. All the latest shades of green, Alice
blue, red, purple and light navy. Regular „_
price $35 and $49. Special J^s
Cravenette Ulsters
Guaranteed waterproof $15, $18.50, $20
Coats for Traveling and Automobiling
Rain Coats— the latest styles and colors at
ATTRACTIVE PRICES
; y Cor. Post s Kearny Sts-
Baby Fonnd In Cliurch Baiemrnt.
A colored baby boy about 3 months
old was found yesterday morning at
3 o'clock in the basement of St Ig
natius Church. It was fu.lly clad and
wrapped up In an old bedspread. Its
pit«K>us cries attracted the attention of
OSicer Thompson, who was passing the
church. Patrolman Collier happened
along about the same time, and carried
the little waif to the Central Emer
gency Hospital. It was later taken to
the City and County Hospital.
£££dbMAUZY
A ?400 Byron IJSAIIfK
Mauzy Piano to r IMWVy
the one w.ho A J{ ETHE i
makes the most npeT*
words from that ybdl<
sentence.
7S certificate* to the
next 7S. Are you at
work? Time Is flying;.
MB Contest cloeet November
Jft% 15. IAOS. Addreea or call
£t$T-.y tor particulars
I ixs/s By 11 * 011 Mauzy
I WlWfk POST ST.
§ i rJiO 1O2:{ MARKET ST.
K_jf '/I San Franclftco.
Wm J Byron Maury Planes
Bjß / received cold medaJs at
t?\ j , both the St. Loulb and
BMk-.jg Portland Expositions.
SEYMOUR ANSWERS M
JOHNSON'S CHARGES
Declares Defense Failed to
Show Emmons Jurors Mis
conducted Themselves.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 28.— District At
torney A. M. Seymour occupied the time
this forcnocn in Judge Hart's department
of the Superior Court in arguing against
the motion made by Grove L. Johnson
for a new trial for E. J. Emmons, the
former State Senator from Kern County,
who was found guilty of bribery and who
is now awaiting sentence.
One of the arguments of Johnson was
that the defendant should have a new
trial because of misconduct on the part
of some of the jurors, the contention be
ing that they had consumed large Quanti
ties of whisky, wine and beer during the
progress of the trial and were not in a
tit condition to render a fair verdict.
District Attorney Seymour declared the
defense had failed to Bhow there had
been any misconduct on the part of the
Jutors. He had not concluded his argu
ment when the noon hour arrived. He
sai<l he would be ablo to close in a few
mtrutes on Monday morning and a recess
was taken until that time.
"Will Give Kmtertatament.
The alumni of the Pacific Hebrew
Orphan Asylum will hold their seventh
annual entertainment - and dance at
Stelnway Hall on Tuesday night. Music,
recitations and a. farce, "The Burglar,' 1
will form the early ; part of : the ' even-
Ing's programme, dancing- to follow.
The committee of arrangements con
eists of Miss Ray v Anshel, Miss Cecile
Daniel. Arnold Cohen, M. M. Schwartz
and' Henry Blumlngton.
rH^ S>W ;?FRANGISCO GALI^
SINGING WILL
BE A FEATURE
»
Splendid Musical Programme
Arranged for Church Cele
bration at Santa Eosa
GIFTS OF CONaKEGATION
Handsome Communioii Table
and Chairs Given by Pres
byterians of City of Koses
Epeclal Dispatch to Xha Call.
SAJCTA;ROSA. Oct. 28.— The religious
services in connection with the celebra
tiun. of the golden jubilee of Presby
terianism In this city and county will
be conducted to-morrow in* the First
Presbyterian Church by the Hey. John
S. Mclntosh. D.D.."president of the Pa
cific Theological Seminary, at. San Ra
fael, who will deliver memorial ad
dresses morning and evening. There
will be a fine programme of solos,
trios and choruses at both services. Tho
soloists are Mrs. John Hood, Mrs. J.
W. Savacool, Mrs. D. B. Gale and J.
Frederic McMinn. with C. 'Mortimer
Chapin as. violin accompanist. , Th<j
choir consists of the following:
Sopranos — Miss Hattie S. Johnson,
Miss l^ucie Nye, Mrs. William Martin,
Mrs. J. \Yi Savacool and Mrs. John
Hood. Altos— Mrs. R. D. Gale, Misa
Grace Burch and Miss Mary Mac
kenzie. Tenors — Dr. ,D. P. Anderson,
Rev. William Martin and Allen. R. Mac
kenzie. Bassos— John G. Cochrane,~ George
P. Andersen and Clarence Thompson.
A special feature of the jubilee, and
one which strikes tho eye on entering
the main auditorium, are the two brass
memorial tablets placed on either side
of the pulpit on the wall under tha
galleries. The larger of the tablets
marks the present even\fand is 18x24
inches, framed in manogany, three
Inches deep and reads:;
"This tablet commemorates the gold
en Jubilee of Presbyterlanism in Santa
Rosa, October, 1855-October, 19051 The
Lord has done great things for u»,
whereof we are glad.'*
The other tablet is 9x12 inches and
is also framed in; a three-Inch mahog
any frame, and reads: j
"In loving memory of Edwin H.
Smyth, elder of this church from De
cember 20, 1874, to .August 20, 1905. He
being dead, yet speaketh."
The larger of the tablets is the gift
of a member of* the church who re
fuses to allow her name to be made
public and the smaller one is the gift
of the Sessions. Mrs. V. Haigh pre
sented the church with a handsome
communion table and the Christian
Endeavor Society presented the chairs
to go with the table.
The trustees have' had the church
renovated throughout and installed a
new furnace and gas stove in the kitch
en while the ladies placed a new carpet
on the floor of the church and Sunday
school room.
Miss Julia Frasier. daughter of the
third pastor and granddaughter of , tho
fourth pastor, arrived here to-night
and will participate In the exercises to
morrow by addressing the Christian
Endeavor Society.
PERSONAL.
I-ee L. Gray of Fresno la at the/Pal
ace. .-."\u25a0'\u25a0
M. H. Whittler of Los Angles is at
the Palace. ,;** -.
J. \V. Fordney of Saglnaw, Mich., Is
at the Palace. . . \u25a0
J. C. Hart of Cincinnati. 0.,. is at the
Hotel St. Francis.
Q. Levlngrton, a merchant of Dawson,
is at the Palace.
L. RansohofC has returned from a
hurried trip to New York.
Hervey Llndberg; a lumber man of
Pokegaraa, is at the Palace.
Judge Frank H. Short and wife of
Fresno are at the Palace Hotfel.
George F. Long, prominent In lumber
circles at Tacoma, is at the Palace. He
is acompanled by his wife.
\u25a0William E. Lovdal, - a large hop
grower of Sacramento, is at the Palace.
Isaac Minor, a prominent - lumber
manufacturer of Area ta. Humboldt
County, is In town.
Judge Charles Monroe of Southern Cali
fornia is registered at the Hotel St. Fran-
CiE. *
W. J. Kenney left for Zanesville, 0.,
yesterday, having been called East sud
denly by the illness of his sister.
Morris H. Berg and. Mrs. Berg of Chi
cago are at the Hotel St. Francis.
John M. Sands of Los Angeles is regis
tered at the St. Francis.
Baron and Baroness de Tuyll and the
Baroness de Tuyll of Holland, who have
been touring the United States, have
apartments at the St. Francis.
Joseph L. Merrill and Mrs. Merrill of
Los Ansreles are registered at the Hotel
St. Francis.
W. 8. Burns and wife and Mrs. C. J.
George of Los Angeles are ' at the St.
Francis.
Richard Belcher, a prominent attorney
o£ Marysvllle. is at the St. Francis.
Max PhilliDS and Mrs. Phillips of New
York City are registered at the St. Fran
cis. ' . -Zii'A ?>\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0-.'.-
W. H. Ker and wife of Vancouver, B. C,
returned • from a ,trij> to Southern- Califor
nla last evening and are registered at the
St. FrancU. ". .':. ', \u25a0 ;?-;
Comoro Inns in »vr Torte.
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— The following
Culifornians are x in New York:,
From" San Francisco— M. A. Da vies, at
the Martha Washington; Mrs. M. "V.
Hall and Miss A. Hall, at the Gerard;
T. E. Jewell, at the Astor; S. G. Kellogg,
at the Imperial; S. Scott, at the Bel
mont; C. L. Tilden, at the Imperial ; C.
H. Hall, at the Navarre; H.Harleigh, at
the • Continental; AT D." Bailey," at the
Murray Hill; J. M. Chase, at the Grand
Union; A. B. Grossel,- at. the Hoffman;
\»\ F. Brltt, at the Bartholdl; J. C.
oampbell, at the Cadillac; H. Caus{, at
the Cosmopolitan; W. A. Larklns and
wife,, at the Navarre; D.C. Mitchell, at
the Astor; Dr. O. N. Taylor, at the Mur
ray Hill. . - ° \u25a0"... :/:..
From Ix» s Angeles— l* C. Comer .and
Miss R. A... Comer, at the Spalding; J.
D. Thompson, at the Cadillac.'
Caltforniana In Part*.
PARIS, Oct. 28.— Albert and Mrs.
Barush of San' Francisco registered at
the Herald's Bureau to-day. \u25a0 •
Chines*. Ordered Into Custody.
The cases of the ten Chinese states
men charged with" the .murder of Tom
Ylck of the Chinese Educational Bo
ciety in May, 1903; were called in Judge
Lawlor's court yesterday, to be set : for
trial, but were , continued. -Coom. Lea
Sing, one of the sureties on;the bonds
for $10,000 of : Loo ' Tee, one of the : de
fendants, ; told the j Judge that -he de
sired to : surrender \u25a0 the defendant - Into
custody, \u25a0 as ' he ' had : reason" 1 to " believe
he. Intended . to , leave the State. :':: ' : Loo
Yee was In! cburt .and was very, much
surprised -when , Bailiff ;Welch; took c hold
of him and led .hlnvto -the 'dock. "He
was later taken ' to the County JaiL
\u25a0 CL.UB •TO \u25a0 ENTERTAIN.— The • members . of
th« Deuticher Club will •ntertaln i their friends
at Golden Gate, Hair oa Wednesday evenini,
Vavwnbar.22 ' • •\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 " \ ' \u25a0'&*&&%
i COMBINATIOX DRESSER— GoIden fin- 3IAGAZI.VB RACK— Solves the problem . I"
a -\u25a031J™ara \ lsh: bevoled p late mlrror - ?7 75 of what t0 d 0 wlth the current mas " s {^i-^^^friia l^; qynH I
I s^^^^^^^^^^' ROCkER-SolYd : ;oak"' golden finish; IH^^plL"."^^..?!" 59.00 "$
S HV^^S^ v ' Price ' .' S>oitD CHAFIXG DISH STAXD — Handy ad- f _ t _, /// ?
H \u25a0• I >Vj®S*l^ BED A2VD DRESSER— GoIden finish; Junct to the living room or den; a IfTTlffe I" T ttttffi^*? 1
i " /^S^V ' '^l'lWmMl' i- beautifully carved and highly polish- place for everything:; quartered oak. - jV. I.M I.JgQ^Bp^ I
I )^^gM^^|Pi v e fite m r ir"r r t"o 5 1 9 . 50 ZTA™...™v/.'.'.'.::'. 51 9, 25 yMi^i| llilig I
m iiS^^^^^^^^^^r^U MISSION ROCKER— Made of quartered SETTEE-llade of quartered oak j 1 £ J , S^^^ffl| l\
B Wmr^^l^^^^ai - oak. weathered; Beat and back up- weathered; seat upholstered in Span- ; \ j.l IftffßgKg|
m ffi%&tM£F*fr£i&h^ ,ffl' holstered in Spanish leath- ' Oil Cf| l3h father. A practical CO7 CQ „ j.j .wSffi^i f\
| ; WKj^Bß^mlwA/ff * r - An art ' s t»c design. Price l)lliOU piece at little money. Prlca QlliJU [jIJiLLi-j S| ;||s||^ |
M \u25a0 /^/^c^^ :> C!k\ o'/TO '' — '""''^sttfc TAPESTRY BRUSSELS— In Oriental TAPESTRY RUG — Size 6x9 feet. A very .•\u25a0' | l!. 1 ! .11 ] /;g —TT-a^-J a
X p-^^(T^-fclM^^di'^S' -&/V and floral effects ; an excellent grade; attractive pattern In an ex- C 7 7C ylll-E^ih -R \^^^^ l M
ff ;; '^^rz^^V^^^^T^/f^J' \ wlth or wlth ' out border. Per CKp ALL-WOOL ART SQUARE— 9x9 feet; ijj MT'iij; ; j**J \\ it; A
M >^TJ?.^ yr^%C:lW :;^iNr '^x% ~ slblT Q Special, C each° .. P * .Crn 3'. Crn 3'c r D^c r e ''\u25a0 )l PI !)» '• ''1 I' IMF li' U
R -/A i - iK^^ 1 PEERLESS BRUSSELS — A grade too . vDiOO r/'B ffH. ''XL '[hi V \if il'| ! H
I ffi^^n : $J*z/L /' \u25a0 : £Sm\ w*H known to'nced description; will SM YRXA RUgHaYi' wool;' ' size SOxSO Wfc V \ 4 ' /i|fe^ \ H
B ;iy^ J'i 'Skl!mk f i;f%'- \u25a0;(T^r LSL S ' glve years of "atisfactory wear; Inches; fringed both ends; Oriental fsssJ^i !i^^Xi i^^^S^r sX^^& H
W - *K*-<?/fi ' Tr£rEg*W> W7P^ ] J choice designs; with or 071/ ft and floral designs. Special. *«) OC Imj^^ \\- vAJL&B£Bz£k E JLdQoc H
% ' MMCxST'j < W^VH . without borders Per yard.. 0/>2C each " vSj^^^^j^S^/iAr U
1 i^^^^^fej^^^^^Sf A '?o r n TlX ?o H fn"\es C w^d r c^ I> "ftte 3 ms r that ARABIAX NET " CURTAINS— 3 yards Y&jjl—M!^^ |
M ) Jraf| are bound to please the most^astid- lons, 48 Inches wide; Insertion and W^^^^§^M^^^^^f^^W
I If ft^^^^^^^^^ AN ASSORTMENT OF ODD PAIRS PORTIERES— Very choice goods, but must K^^^^^^Safef^^fF' I
S |^ rg^ '^^^~fLj_ ~ c close< * out to make room for new arrivals. Prices range from 95c to ILy v IslfH^.iriCfiJlSl I N
FIGHT A DUEL
WITH A ROBBER
Cracksman Disturbed at His
"Work of Drilling a Safe
Fires Upon ;the Intruders
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Oct. 28. — Shortly after 2
o'clock this morning at Campo Seco
Al Cook and Frank Pickert exchanged
a dozen shots with a safe cracker who
had been discovered in the Btore of
which the former is one of the \u25a0 pro
prietors. Cook sleeps next to the store,
and .was aroused by a noise. He hastily
dressed and armed himself. Within the
store he could pee the safe cracker, a
masked man. at work with brace and
drill on the safe. Cook aroused Frank
Plckert, and the two went to the rear
door. They found It locked. While they
were trying to unlock the door the safe
cracker unfastened it from the inside
and Immediately, opened fire on them.
The first bullet flred cut the hair
from the, side of Picker t's head. Cook
and Plckert jumped around the corner
of the building, and the robber dashed
out the front way.; He was pursued by
Cook and Plckert. and a duel resulted.
Both men emptied their six-shooters at
the cracksman, and he returned shot
for shot, finally escaping altogether.
He had drilled the safe and. filled the
holes with nltro-glycerln. A suspect was
arrested here this evening.
ATTEMPT IS MADE TO BURN
A NEW BREWERY IN RENO
lacendlarles Apply Match to Property
Worth 930,000, bnt Fire
Is Put Out. \u25a0: J
RENO, Oct. 28.— Early this morning
fire was discovered by the. watchman
In a large pile of : shavings situated In
one corner of the Rainier Brewing
Company's plant. ' An' alarm was sent
in and- by dint of prompt action and
hard work the^ employes finally extin
guished the fire; .The cause of the fire
is not known, but It is thought to have
been kindled jby incendiaries. The
value of the ' property Is estimated :at
$30,000. It is owned by the. Rainier
Brewing Company of Seattle and has
Just been completed.
pdc\a/ P\/P"C?V RIT OF IT _>m s f99 '•"•it *Siw
1 >: iu\\\\\\wm vMMmJiMfr*^*^ I UU U KDK Dk A»°6 n ii»*-So r ra * 7«ari wo at
• x m\u\\\\\\vr\ -v- yvfflsziaZP^ '."•\u25a0 C hair commeaced to coins out and tn
•.'UwXVWnM^-oSSr^^ i \u25a0 a miort time I got bo bald Ibat I wa«
• «\™SKf if this photograph and testimo SSira^VSf.Vufc^^SS'i
•Wlll/ nia i arC "P**^ 01 "^ genuine S^SftV^uti^^^n^^/^7^r
•'\u25a0vVvvkWwSjSssbV Bnd Unsolicited. - (topped lalllns out Inmnovoniuv
'•.'•'^SNto^b*^ Thi<» ie nmnf nmitivr that fourth bolUe iindtnr tulriittnerres-
••^WsS^ I^' '^. ,Z+ Proo»P roo » posime mat #nt Um9 v oTer flve lDt:tl f lone,
'•.•'•gSpr \u25a0 DANDERINB' IS 'the greatest plowy and curly. wu»ro it was dead
, :;-^ y hairand scalp invigorating Km^y fe
\u25a0\u25a0tmnalißi world has ever known. - jrreaUy ann©/«d rae.^ Icannotapealc
FR Efe You can SO to your druggist and get a . \° nn ° g
\u25a0 \u25a0»\u25a0\u25a0&\u25a0 bottle for 25c. which will be enough to rourt rerj retpecifuily.
satisfy^oi~thatUt will produce hair;and dolt qulckly/orl < mBMcAD * >R
send this ADVERTISEMENT; to us with ten cents iin stamps or silver to paypostage,
and we will send yoa'a large sampl.e by return maiLi-IThe samples we give are large
enotigh to produce beneficial results, in many cases being enough 7 to stop bad cases
of hair falling andstart thehairtogrowing'again.? NOW on sale atall druggists,- three
sizes, 250. f 50c;, $1.00 per bottle.. KNOWLTON DANDERINE CO, Chicago.
ISabl^^^tßE
NONOGENARIAN
HIT BY ENGINE
Doctor, Summoned by Con
ductor/Finds Aged Fellow
Walking Track Uninjured
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 28* — "Oh,
I'm old: enough to die anyway, but to
die that way would never do for me,"
was all that A. M. ; Brush, aged 91
years, had to say concerning his be
ing knocked down by the Salt Lake
newspaper train this morning. Brush
was walking along; tha railroad track,
on his way to a ranch near Urbita
Springs, to get some milk, when^ he
heard the newspaper train coming. "He
stepped outside the rails and continued
on his walk. He did not get far enough
from the rail and the end of the pilot
beam caught him on* the shoulder,
sending him flying down the right of
way. .
The springs are only three-quarters
of a mile out and the train rushed on,
the conductor hurrying up town to get
a doctor. When the physician arrived
at the springs he met Brush trudging
along with his can of milk. He at
first refused to submit to an examina
tion, but finally submitted and it was
found, that the skin on his shoulder
was bruised. /
JUDGES OF DISTRICT COURT
OF DENVER ARE IN CONFLICT
DENVER, Oct. 28.— Two Judge's of
the District Court of this county came
into conflict to-day over the \ cases of
seven saloon-keepers charged with
keeping: their places open after mid
night and permitting . poker, games
therein. District Attorney George Stid
srer disregarded the order of Judge
Frank T. Johnson, who caused the ar
rests to be made, to file informations
In his court against the accused men
and filed them instead In the criminal
division of the court before Judge Peter
L. Palmer, who ordered "them released
on furnishing $300 bonds in each case.
Judge Johnson, however, remanded the
prisoners, to the custody of the Sheriff
without bail and Sheriff Alexander Nes
bit refused to release them.
I.OOKIXO FOB MAX WHO TOOK
JIKR BASKET AAD LEFT OWN
San Frnnel«cn Woman Applies to San
Jo«e Police for Aid In Her
Search.
BAN- JOSE. Oct. 2S. — The police of
thin city are trying to locate a man
named L. - "A. . Halsey. who Is believed
to reside In either San Jose or Camp
bell, and. obtain from, him a basket be
longing to- Mrs. T. G. Troy of 23 Baker
street, San Francisco. . Last Tuesday
Mrs. Troy was returning from Santa
Cruz, and In some manner exchanged
baskets/.. .The one she Secured was an
exact duplicate of her. own. Inside wer«
a, number of articles bearing: the name
of LA. Halsey.; The mistake was not
discovered . until Mrs. Troy reached
home and opened the basket. The man
left the . train either In this city or
Campbell. Mrs. Troy has sent the bas
ket to Chief of Police Carroll. In her
basket was a small bank contain
ing 517.
COMPANY AS ANNUAL BALL.— Company
A, First Regiment. N. G. C, ffava Its ninth
annual ball last nlsht at Armory Hall. A
large crowd was In attendance.
' CELEBRATE HALLOWEEN.— Th« Scottish
Thlstls Club celebrated Halloween by riving an
entertainment at Shlels Hall la«t night.
CATARRH AND ASTHMA
CURED IN ONE MONTH BY
tLtblKU'untmlOlliT
i An old lady tells In her testimonial how. for twenty years, she had »af-
'^j^BWißawMiL^M^S^^^a -" ' '- '\u25a0' no P ur P° s «- Electro-Chemistry In on*.
5 *? JIHS^JSSiLMSg!!^-/':* | now that every one ha» been reliable.
W;. •-:*„,\u25a0*- ' v years I have suffered from Catarrh tnd
? fMJtli^^^«FJlPiv^Mßr!- '", " ",T^r^,. Asthma, The money I have spent dur-
MR3.MART MACKIXNOX. MRS. MARY MACKINXON.
• 2111 Ea»«x .»t.. Berkeley. 2111 Essex St.. Berkeley.
HOME TREATMENT
A complete Electro-Chemlc apparatn* t-t loaned free of chars? to ontsld*
pat lent a. The patient Mhonld try. to come to the Institute . for a s'ersonnl ex*
amlnatlon Tvlirn possible to do no.
SPECIAUIES ELEGTRO-GHEMI3 INSTITUTE
Catarrh. Consumption. Asthma. Bron- 3d Floor, Emma Spreckeh BolltliiiSV
chltl.. Deafness. Ear Xo'lam. Rheuma- 037 31arket.SU San, Francisco.
v. - v _••\u25a0. •• - . \u25a0 ** t Office Hours — 9 a. m. to sp. m. and Tto »
tUm. Paralysis. Locoinotor Ataxla. p .^ m .- daily . Sundays. 0 a.' m to 12 m.
Nerrovraess. Insomnia, Stomach. IJver. Separate and private apartments for man
Kldner and Bowel Diseases. Special and women i
'-'- ° l -"l co l^mr > FREE
Sfol&cu£aAlum>
v«K Perfect Fitting fts LosAnaclcsTimcs
\J\ LIL- Y\l SAN FRAXCISCO OFFICE
lIT \*Lj*\L3*3i^j ,t\^ : I Room 4l, Qiromcle ßlag.
I^T Broken Lenses rs> I -1 ' Telephone Main 1473. !
L-*f .placed 50s ,>^ Arthur L. Fkb, Representative
ESCAPE FROM THE PHESTOS
SCHOOL CAUGHT IX SEATTLE
Boy Who . Vied Frum Institution, to
Which Xl* Had Been Sent for
Robbery, Cnptnretl.
SAN JOSI^, Oct. 28^— Harry TVells,
who a few months ago robbed the res
idence of J. G. Qerrells near Mountain
View and made his - escape from the
PTeston Industrial School, to which ha
was sentenced, has been captured at
Seattle. A short time ago Sheriff
Ross obtained knowledge of the boy*
whereabouts, and notified tha Seattla
police. He will be brought back hero
and taken to Preston, whera a elose
watch will be kept on him.
Ladles Will Give Entertainment.
The ladles of the Church of Saint
John the Evangelist. St. Mary's ave
nue, will give an entertainment for tha
benefit of the church. at tha Alhambra
Theater next Tuesday evening. A vau
deville programme will ba presented
and many talented artists will appear.
The entertainment la under tha man
agement of Mrs. Thomas Bulger, presi
dent of the Roosevelt booth at the last
fair, and the corps of assistants who
so ably assisted her on that occasion.
No pains will be spared to make this
entertainment & grand success.WOMEN PRAISE
MR. ROOSEVELT
Temperance Organization
Approves President's Ef
forts to End War in East
SALOON IS DISCUSSED
Delegates to Convention
Voice Their Objections to
the Gothenburg System
LOS AXGELES. Oct. iS.— The Na
tional W. C. T. U. at its session adopt
ed a resolution presented by Miss
Kelle Kearney of i'loia. Miss., strong
ly *xpressii:tj its approval of Presi
dent Roosevelt's cJlorts in the inter
est of peace during: the recent confer
ence of Itussii-.n and Japanese peace
envois at Portsmouth. N. H.
The most interesting question dis
cuss«d by the convention to-day, par
ticularly to Los Angeks, was the Goth
enburg system of controlling the liquor
trafir. The temperance organization
declared a^ain&t the scheme, which it
iias been proposed to adopt in this
city. In no uncertain manner. Mrs.
Margaret Dye Lllis presented a motion
to prhit J 0.000 copies of that portion
of the President's annual address
toucbirif the impracticability of the
Goth'M.bcxs sysierr. She was stronsr
ly supported In a speech by Dr. E. .-3
i;hapir:an, head of the temperance
forces of Caliiorniu. who recently con-
Oucted the' unsuccessful campaign to
close saloons in Los Angeles. Upon Dr.
Chapman s amendment it was decided
to print 20,000 copies of Mrs. Stevens'
remarks on the Gothenburg system
and circulate them In Los Angeles.
There was a.:i outburst ,of enthusiasm
among the dc-lcg.ites when Miss Kear
ney proposed the resolution commenti
ing: President I;oosevelt's efforts in the
Interests of i»eace. Mrs. Ellen M.
Thatcher wanted to petition the Pres
ident to turn over the house where the
ißace conference was held to the boys
of the navy. Another delegate desired
to «'on,jratulate him on his manliness.
""ConiiiiS' Croui a woman from the
Southland.' ssid President Stevens, re
ltrrins- to Miss Kearney's" motion, "the
compliment is very significant, espe
cially, at a time when President Roose
velt ha? Just left the South."
Miss Kearney's motion was adopted
with KT«-at applause. The convention
also decided to write the President,
embodying- a recommendation from thu
oflicial board that he give eonstdera
tion in his annual message to Congress
to th* .ipne^l of the VT. C. T. U. for the
suppression of the liquor traffic, which
It believe'! to be the most prolific cause
of race suicide.
Kvery pulpit in Los" Ar.geles and
will be occupied on Sunday
by one* or more of the visiting W. O.
T. L*. dclep-atPF.
Tf)<»r<» Ecems to be little room for
doubt that Mrs. Lillian M. M. Stevens
will succeed herself as president" of
the National W. C. T. U. The election
ie set for next Tuesday, but It Is not
expected to furnish any part of the
programme excitement, as it is gener
ally understood that Mrs. Stevens, Miss
Anna Gordon, the vice president, and,
in fact, all other Incumbents who can
continue to serve, will be re-elected.
CHINESE WAR FEARED
IN THE GARDEN CITY
Arrival of Highbinders in
San Jose May Mean
Deadly Struggle.
Ep«clJLl Diepatch to The CalL
SAN JOSE. Oct. 28.— A highbinder war
b»tweea the Bmp Kong and the Hip
Pinj? tongs is feared in the local China
town. A number of hatchet and gun
men of the two societies recently ar
rived in this city and the merchants
of Chinatown fear an outbreak at any
time. Chief of Police Carroll has been
appealed to, and he has doubled the
patrol in that section and given orders
that all highbinders be ordered out of
the city. It is reported that about
thirty of the fighters of the Blng Kongs
went to Gilroy from San Francisco a
few days ago. and then came to this
after dark, and are now concealed
In Sixth street Chinatown. The Hip
Sings have made arrangements to de
fend themselves.
BOY BLEEDS TO DEATH
WHILE OUT HUNTING
Artery in Leg Severed by a
Charge From Gun He"
• Had Dropped.
Special Dispatcb to Tb» Call.
SAN BERNARDINO. Oct. ZS. — Albert
H. White, the 13-year-old son of
"William White, a large rancher at Col
ton, was killed to-day by the accidental
discharge of his shotgun while out
hunting. White dropped the gun as
he was leaping a ditch and It exploded,
the charge striking him in the calf of
the leg. The shot severed an artery,
snd the boy bled to death inside of
half an hour. He ran into the road
screaming with intense pain and felL
He was discovered by a woman who
«ummoned~-a physician and the boy's
father, but they arrived too late.
LVTERFEUE WITH HATS.
PALO ALTO. Oct. 2S. — Complaint la
being made here against the low
hanging: awnings in front of several
stores fin University avenue. In many
instances the awnings are hung so low
that they strike pedestrians' hats. The
town ordinance requires their heiirht
from the sidewalk to be seven feet.
WANTS BLOCKS BUTUMIXIZED.— Prop
erty ewnen» on Kearny etr*et from Clay to
• California, y«-strrday p«-titlor.*d the Super
visors to order the bitumlriizlne of the two
fclor-ks at the excense of the city.
'Tor over al«« j--*r» I iuC*r»i) wUb cHronir coo-
• tip»t.oo %.n4 riormr tbl* time I bad to take •\u25a0
Injection «f <r»rtß water ooc« **»ry « hoor» t»?or»
I rocld hxeaa Mtl«o on mr bowel*. H»rpil» 1
tned O»»r«.m«. *.ri toOij | »c» » wrii tria.
liuritf ifctßinf juri b«f»r« I asrd C««<"«r»t» I
• affrrrd astnid roi*»rr with (nt»rn»i pile*. Tttr.Vi
to )••• I mj-.t free tmm all thkt thj» morcipf. Tom
C*» «*• tun ta Uebalf of *nt*rint faatsantt* "
a. r. ruLor. i^»oo*«. iv.
CANOV C ATfU"TK
PJe.M *ct. Pal»t »b! «. Potent. TuM Ooed. Do flood,
K«»er Sicken. W M ke* or Oripr. »c. tie.SOc. NcTer
•'•id la bulk. ?li« reo<iin« tablet «taxip«4 CCO.
w«*r*nt«e4 to car* or your moaer back. ,
Sterlicf Remedy Co., Chicago or K.Y. 603.
itfXUAL SALE, TEi MILUOM BOXES
\u25a0matftii mfcjiii— i^mi m il*iT t • Ti.i mi 'i'im ri— mhiijtv nnwit»Mi j iTra>iiWi*^irf
Entire Remainder of Salvage Stock from Wrecked Steamer I j
Bargains Bigger Than Those That have Gone Before \
Every package still remaining from our purchases of Steamer Alameda Salvage Stock has now been opened V • \~^^Sz^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^T
and to-morrow will witness some remarkable examples of price slashing such as San Frandsco has never known X^
before. Immense quantities of desirable merchandise, not sufficiently damaged during the experience of the wreck \. <S" "*^^S^^^^^^^^^^^^
to affect their intrinsic value, will be sold at prices that would not pay the cost of their manufacture. \§3©j
Velvet and Dress C-.ods Specials A $9 J}O Blanket for $6.00 .. Good Tennis Flannel 5c Yard , $2.00 Bedspreads $1.35 U
Fancy Velvets, in light or dark grounds, for ; A California Wool Blanket; perfect, in every- 200 pieces of these goods, of light colors only; This is the kind with raised patterns; they are of 1A
gowns, waists, kimonos or trimminsrs: 22 inches. * way; heavy and fluffy; the, sooo GA i\f% we " adapted for underwear; etc. Don't T* ' extremely heavy material and will wear splen- WC
wide; we will place on sale about 1000 yards of grade. This blanket will wear for jftf) 1/1/ be disappointed if these goods are all sold rJC didly; large size; hemmed; worth (T «4 7 C Cf
this velvet, regularly sold at 75c and <^Q— years. Salvage Sale price. ...... *¥*******\u25a0 early. Salvage sale price, yard. .... *^ w $2.00. Salvage Sale, price nJ[ \J3 WL*
Si. 00 a yard. Special for Monday only. TA ' C I P U 'A * (Limit $1.00 worth to each customer.) W\
Wool and Camel's Hair Plaids— 36 inches wide, in ' And Insertions, consisting of thousands upon $2.00 Arabian Curtains IOT $1.25 Pah y m|
brown, navy, green and red combina- «jT _ thousands of yards;, have kept our salespeople Here are five patterns of a fine grade of Arabian IRf f*
tions; cheap at 50c yard. Special ior /If busy cutting and measuring ever since they Curtains, numbering about 200 ff SB f% r» 7 jJa A,,' cc a w™ £\l vSL yard *U\ §1
Monday only, yard..... ** ~ were placed, on sale; new patterns added (\ - pairs in the lot; worth $2.00 a Tb 7 7S yard Our Sah age bale pnce, yard.. JL
Spanish Voile— 42 inches wide, in black, navy, green, to the ; lot to-morrow; values up to 30c. yQ pair. Salvage Sale price ****"*? $2.00 Comforters $1.55 J|
brown, tan and wine; worth regularly 2A- Salvage Sale price, yard. ..... ....... __ r ~ -— There are two lots of about II dozen of these *S
$1.00 yard. Special. Monday only. jJ^C Values up to 45c; yard 13c. H-inch NeW YorkMlllS Sheeting 11c Yard cSSio^Y^nzTrcirwd^ith&iftst-.icndc &
yard 6-lb Gray Blanket $2.95 2000 yards Sheeting of this well-known brand; silkolene; others with sateen; some tufted; Ife
Salvage Handkerchief Offerings . - California Blankets- lan?e size and 45 inches xvide. in absolutely perfect A A . others quilted; filled with inedi- tf f- T C Jj
\\r}!tr,rn'« linen Handkerchiefs- a fine f% pair Uahtornia gray iiiankets large size and condit on. As long as this lasts, \\ C. cated cotton. Salvage Sale price 7* I ' 33 Thi
Women s Linen nanaKercnieis, a- nnc r\ heavy; regular 6-pound blanket {p f\P c,i,,,« q,i,» nr ;« «rH = m. *\* . tjf M. m** +r fci
grade of. Irish linen, with hand embroid- y^ . for doublf bed, at the record $7 '95 Salvage Sale price, yard u"Jl'"u"c : M
ered initial; 25c value. Salvage Sale price breaking Salvage price \u25a0H'*»V* c .. T .. m^ b <) h , VrtvA Ladies Fancy Handkerchiefs IS
Hemstitched Handkerchiefs - T,,ri*u q o a t*m» mr nu »re no, ocorcn laoie uamasx itc jara 2000 do consisting of embroidered hemstitch. IK
.000 dozen- " Irifle1 rifle wet "and we have not been able T^ k^Y Red Table CoVerS 89c Handsome designs and good grade of Scotch embroidered lace and scalloped edges: this is a . L)
to properly'assort them; none worth less These are the real oil boiled Turkey |%£j Table Damask; you will wonder how <}/>_ mixed lot, slightly soiled, and are worth Q g
Steamer Alameda WineTand liquors S en<^ j Men's Furnishings From the Wreck |
These goods are absolutely free from any damage whatever, the salt water having merely touched the outside of the Good Substantial Wear for men damaged • Only slightly in SOme instances, and W Others V\
packages. Notwithstanding this, every bottl* from the wreck will be sold like the rest of the Sa(v2ge Sale merchandise— !; the goods are in perfect State. Everything UnderpUCed. ' f-S
at ridiculously low prices. STANDARD BRANDS r OFWiNES AND LIQUORS NEVER SO. LOW. r ;! - Men , Suspenders— Police and Fireman's Suspend- Men's Hose^Black. tan and red fancy embroidered 14
-Maryland Club Pure Rye Whisky— Bottlc'd CC/> Imported Claret — Pints, He; dozen, CO/)/) !;| ers in light and dark colors; extra heavy webbing hose; seamless and double heel and toe: reg- Q r (M
in Baltimore; bottle.: UOt quarts, U>c; d0zen. ......:. ;, _ and strong leather ends. Salvage sale 4Q- ular.i2^c value. Salvage Sale-price •£ f\
Boonekamp Bitters— The genuine; bottle... (Lf\f Imported Sauterne— Pints, 14c ; dozen, tfO OC'i price ..............>...... 1 '' *, Men ' s AU-Wool Underwear— ln tans and flesh |/
Wvi quarts, 2Gc; dozen. o. 34., VD <\ Men's Handkerchiefs — 100 dozen fancy Handker- color; good weight and just the thing tor cold £J
TToo-^Il "«'f P«n»rm;nt Rf<;t mialitv ree- 4 tZ *> ' " ' ,-'..,, r L ',':'\u25a0 , \u0084 I 1I 1 '» chiefs, suitable for kimonos and cushion tops or weather; all sizes; regular $1.25 value: TT/« W\
SSSS -°L Wrie Sale orice \u25a0 \u25a0*?£ Cocktail Bitters XXX-No cocktail complete^vUh- pockel handkerchiefs; regular price. 12% c. T- Salvage Sale price ... .: IjC Jfi
Ro ; d v a w WW S W Re«lar"v iVoo'bottle Cn> %"\ ' re^ ularly ' S ° c bottle 7QC Salva{?e Sale price -" ' C Men's Night Robes-Made of muslinW are silk %
"s Y?3 Resular]y \^^ bOtU& ' JVC Sale Pnce, bottle ....................... , ; Worsted hhcd ynderwear for Men-In blue and - trimmed; in red. black and blue; 'cut full and ML
' . " „ , ,Vri.-*i "*"J /TV Port and Sherry Wine— Bottled for exporta- OO^« !\u25a0 gray; form fitting and unshrinkable; 'all 7fl/« long; all sizes'from 15 to 18. Salvage L.)
Satin Gloss Bourbon Whisky— 7 years old, g^^ tion; regularly, 50c. Sale price, bottle.-. ZdC \ sizes; regular price. $1.25; Salvage price. lOt Sale price JVC M
worth double; bottle •••_•_•_•:•_ "" . s~*~ juw^.r.f,^u^^-Lruv^ruTA. , wwtAA^ njl-njwuvul^^ -j-l-_-_ .^^-u-u-u-u-Lru-u-u-u-u-ur^xr^.^^^ v,l
21^^© 7/l/s IS an Offer Well [ \i\\\ X^ VN /^^•i° ir\ \\ Jxv^Jr R«eda, Mouse, Gun Metal. Laven- %S^S (\
|ga , m SHliPilil^ lltl JV EXTRAORDINARY */!| ll I Extra peciah I'
mom wf^M^mi Jjl j_ I sale of Mi|JM \ mJSLIT^ % §
as We have Seen thlS Season. \ / M \ jmlmßm^ ,\.^\ jnLi^ Vi j .! :| |#il^l\ M) :\u25a0 ors, nicely trimmed and finished g %\
SfifiS&r Early visitors will of ( M i\W6%M UfaA. 4* w I I \u25a0; /iU\V ; ; : ith . s i lk p om p° n - Wo^ $ ™zmd£&slk M
Vp comse secure first H 4llL^r~l^ CdVPft J 3Ck&f% "?»"":::: $U9 B
JZ&'- lection. \ Vl/iS^il I ilUWfl^lJ> m^S^mr^' Untrimmed Velvet Shapes— Of al- J^^^s^ -f\
- r r- -.-.n- \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0'- ' — ~~~~~~~~~ ; .. jL "^ . . .. -. .' ,- .. -, '. \u25a0 , '. MAM A g•« . V most endless assort- (T-f QQ »«£> &/
c , j; If there is one item our Cloak and Suit Department can boast of it, is Covert ment 4>1.?0 -%m y\
it P3VS TO DtlOp Bt Jackets. Here is a line just received consisting of beautiful well tailored, perfect fitting : Untrimmed Feit shapes— Such as W^^ *1
Praaers Grocery §^^^^^wM^^M^^^ U. 69c ¥^ i
" f . '; This 24-inch Coat is made of good quality covert; This, three-quarter Covert Coat is belted and lo*Ose ~»~> ~ .^ ~~+* "y\
Because you get a two-fold profit— quality and price. ; strapped front, and back and tight fitted; has vcl- plaited back ;* has side pockets and regular shaped '\u25a0] Ilwm*l*%vw%ita + r%*i /"!•?•«««\u25a0\u25a0»»«>% W\.
Supplies are alv/ays fresh, pure and wholesome. vet co ]] ar) trimmed with braid, full sleeves and collar; comes in all sizes. Regu- ' .\ XjllQxZlUllCQQ. Lli J /7 C 3 IVd / C J?j
Big number of interesting food demonstrations ; : lined throughout with fine satin; - - larly; priced f at $10.00. On sale" $6.95 We have selected a number of odds and ends from %%
daily. Help yourself to samples. >\u25a0-^, . \\ sizes 33 t0 46. j -Regular $10 value. X/.Q*) Mondayonly If9U.i/*J our immense Crockery Department and wiH give I]
Bacon— Best breakfast— a streak of lean 1 filAf \ ' Special Monday 0n1y............. . _ _ T-- . , t % . j ; you the benefit of cut prices on same c«mrnencin S Yft
and fat; pound 1 U/^L ; 24-inch Coat, made of good quality covert; strapped Three-quarter Covert Coat (40' inches long), is made ; Monday. Some of the offerings are so remarkable A)
PearKne Washing Powder— i-lb packages; 9 C- ;. back and front and has shaped cloth collar; full m the latest^ Empire effect; plarted - back, all ; that it is possible they will not last long. Make %
oackaees y b £jC\* sleeves and lined with satin throughout; sizes strapped; velvet collar, trimmed with braid, lined ': yOU r selections early ' Ll
Corn-Be^t lowa'-" Vpec'iai'i'tins 25c; dozen OC/. i : 32 to 46. Regular $8.50 value. Spe- . _-, to waist^ with good ( satin; all ff> *Af /- | Salad Sets-Consist of'large salad bowl and six Y\
Corn-Best loua, special 3 tins 25c, dozen y^ \u0084... aal Mondayonly ;....- $5.95 s ™ s \. Regular $15.00 value. Spe-^ | J [*) j small dishes to match; decorated and gold C/l- 1/
SapoUo:' Queen LUyoVlvorV^'ba^::::.. Qg^j: •• • '::ii:\\\\:y::Vjr;:y^^^ stippled. Specially priced at. a set DUC %
£*/W <:^ ??. \u25a0 •'> : China Cake Plates— Highly decorated and fine WA
Best Corn Starch— 3 packages- *)Kf LEATHER "BAGS { Ak% / X ToyTOY/n 6nour china; always sold for ?i.oo. Specially C/). |j/
£>JL ; Q%r '\u25a0•!:\u25a0 II Hi Aj4*h*Mt^ ' iltfc "' :' <ii ! ititk '4kf d*^ * : ' ' ' Fifth Floor : priced at ..*JVC V.,
H. O. Hominy — 3-lb packages; regularly 20c; Off/-! •«5C \-^ k— ||i l&r^^^Wit "^affih "ti&rl&i^^wi m£L ' ' U P S and" Saucers — German china: the thin ware. |y
2 packages 6*/t ;! We have an endless! : *S& l_ ||§ m £* Jk M*^ BB '^^^S ';Our entire fifth floor; with flowers and gold tracings; regular 0/}/- Yu
Sardines— Extra choice; worth 20c tin; spe- <)£ f \'> va riety of n c w{^§ Llll M. &^, &M. Mr SaL* r**Jar ': has been transformed 35c value. Sale price, pair -ZUL E>
cial, 2 tins £.J\. ipathrr haes nriccd JmmSr V jrW^mpv {V ': into a veritable town China Plates— Medium size and fancy shape; 11
Kona Coffee-Extra quality, pound <]QCQ C [ \ * C and Si so fi IT J *9^- \u25a0 \ : of toys, 'and you are >. nicely decorated and gold stippled edges; JO- gj
' IJK. at < s>i.2 D ana ?i.3". Ig r ' A I WAY^ R£LIABI>D '< An '" A '>' ma(^ e to se^ at 2OC eac h- Sale price iVw tf\
brands' 8C ;i .on WMonday ". onlyij^i If MA SIKFTA^^iiiMF^STS \ 1 ; its :| rTade^ 'you %)
Pride of Japan Rice-None better; nt W *)C r \ at. the very OXfl W•" /l!Mif/lf/.!^CyWFAa;yfy.-, ; . many.lanes and.view.; . can steep the tea in them on the stove. 5 C |/
crop- S lbs C > special . price <***' LJZ~~~i~^~ w^^^U^^i^the^sights. Regularly priced at 50c Special £»*J L Y%
CLAIMS WOMAN
IS SHOPLIFTER
Special Dispatch ta Tba CalL
SEATTLE, Oct. 28.— Mrs. Annie McCart
ney, who says sho Is the wife of Alex.
McCartney, a well known Alaska miner
worth over 5100,000. was arrested this
afternoon and booked at police htadquar
ters charged with shoplifting. An -hour
later her attorneys appeared and put up
$100 ball, and she was released. The man
ager of a department store has sworen to
a complaint charging her 'with "piutty lar
ceny.
Mrs. McCartney . was shopping in the
store and had made a small purchase.
\u25a0While the clerk's back was turned it is
alleged by the store employes aad man
ager, she lifted a small piece of bric-a
brac, valued, at $2. and slipped it Into her
shopping bag. The act was no ticed by
the manager, who detained her, and, on
examining the. bag, the article w is found.
Mrs. McCartney claims she purchased
the piece and . paid for it, although > she
bad no receipt for the money, which Is
THE 7 SAN FRANCISGO GALL, ' SUNDAY: . OCTOBER /- 29, 1905.
usually given. Alex. McCartney is known
from one end of Alaska to the other. Ho
was a^Klondiker and afterward went to
the " Nome country, where he Is at, the
present time heavily Interested. He Is in
the north. His wife occupies an elegantly
furnished home here. * , - -
FIFTY XEW 3IE3IBERS AWAIT
SECOJCD ASD THIRD DEGREES
Knight" 'of Columbus of the Garden
City Preparing to Initiate 11 ,;.-;.
','.. nie cln»s. \u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0
SAN JOSE. Oct. 28.— The Knighta ! of
Cf.lunibiia of this city, are prenarlng for
v Life- initiation to be -held on Sunday,
November 26. At that; time a cl.iss ;af
iifty vIH be giv?.itbe secon.l and thfi-d
ocerees. , Candidates from;,\Viitionyll)e
and Santa Cruz, will; be among {tho
neophytes." Knights from \ San
cisco and all the towns. :n '.ni.* county
will 1:2 piesenU An inv:tation has been
extended to Joseph - Scott j ; tho promi
nent knight - of , Los Angeles, and ;Neal
Power of San Frnncisco' to attsmL: A
ban«iuct will, follow, the Inlcla'.ion.
Will Be Married Monday.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct.: 28.— Henry: D.
Hall -of the local ipostofficey and" Mrs.
Tessle Ready,. widow, of, the late George
Ready, and/ daughter "of F.'vAJ' Hihn,' the
millionaire,' are .to be married ;' Monday
at the ; residence of the bride's parents.
STANFORD GRADUATE
IS NAMED AS JUDGE
George W. Bush Appointed
to tli e Bench of Shasta
County. #
SACRAMENTO, ,Oct. 28.— Governor
Pardee to-day 5 appointed ' George . W.
Bush ;of 1 Rcddlngr a . Judge of ithe ; Su
perior Court "of Shasta County, in ac
cordance twith the provisions. of a bill
passed at the last session of the Legis
lature giving that ? county •an V addi
tional Judge. "W. Bush is a
graduate .'of /Stanford University,'; and
his appointment, '.. it \u25a0 is; Bald, .will - meet
with general approval. .. ;
CHAMBER OF COM3IEHCB WILL
J GIVE. A 1A 1 SERIES OF SSIOKERS
Gaiden City; Mervhant* . Are ; Plannlug
to ' Arouse • Interesi I n the
• Orsiinfzatlon.
SAN JOSE. . Oct: • 2S.— The Chamter of
Commerce 'wiirglve" the first of a ; series
of, smokers: > next : - Tuesday/ evenfng.
Twelve V of these smokers .are .'to •/. be
glven's during _the:wlnter'for the pur
ppse;V9f a arousing Interest ,. In the ; or^
ganization.:' ; At the Tuesday.^ evening
meeting Edwin "- X. Johnston aad Judge
M. ( E - Hyland are to be the speakers,
and the subject i 3 to be "Greater San
Jose." It is believed that these meet
ings twice a month will bring out tha
full membership of. the Chamber of
Commerce.
SUCCUMBS "WHILE .WAITING
FOR SAX JOSE AMBULANCE
, SAN JOSE. Oct. 28.— Andy Agers, a
negro,- about 40 years_ of age, ,dled: at
the Receiving Hospital to-day while
waiting for-the ambulance to take him
to the ' Count y: Hospital. Tho man was
at 1 the • County ! Hospital until ' last' Mon
day,- when .he 'left there rather than
undergo,: an- operation that the.physi
cians i declared was necessary/ to save
his life. On Thursday . evening the man
wasrfound In" a doorway of ; a Market
street" lodging-house, suffering terrible
agony.; Agers k had worked about : this
city i a number; of years as an express
man. . .;
BIG CROWD ; HEARS ; LECTURER.
V-PAX.O/ AL.TO/;Oct. -28.— The attend
ance T»as very 5 large : yesterday at .' :he
meeting; of the Political; Equality Club.
Mrs. Bertha •M. Rice of San Jose dcliv.-"
ered an addrcii.^|^^
MEETING DATE CHANGED.
PAJLO ALTO. Oct. 28.— Th© library
trustees here have changed the time
for holding the regular meetings from
the. first Monday' to the second Tuesday
of each month. Several gifts of new
— — -—
Four. years ago a man came to us with a bad rut>ture_ of many
. years' standing. . We told him we could CUSE him. He was skeo-
tical," b€t consented to try our No Cure No Pay plan. Here is \
what he says : now : \u0084; "
"I will say that* since you CURED me. four years ago, I
;-.. have tied, weighed and handled 9384 tons of hay, besides having*?
done other * kinds of : . hard . work, and have never since experienced.
/ any ; inconvenience ' from ; the Rupture, it being CURED for hard
' r .work as well as leisure."
What, We Did for Him, We Can Do for You.
It costs nothing to find out. -Call and see us. . •
Fidelity Rupture Cure
1 344 Market '.Street;, S. F., Cal.
books have made the preparation 0! \
new list necessary- It' ls the- Intention
of the trustees to gradually enlarge th«
magazine department.
3132
I WOMENjf APPAREL EXCWWrVELY
I HTSEARyST. _]
# Ransohoff s %\u25a0
|||g|) Announce Pfltp
jH A Special Sale mm
jj Monday, Tuesday and if
•j Wednesday Only 1
g October 30-31 and November 1 J |
I High-Class Costumes B
|| for reception and evening wear at S •
M very pronounced reductions B
JIEUO OF TURKISH WJLK DEAD.
LONDON. Oct. 28. — A dispatch to a
news agency from St. Petersburg says
that General Dragromiroff, a member of
the Council of State and a hero of the
Turkish wax. died to-day on his estate
near Konotopk. He formerly was Gov
ernor General of Kieff.
NATURAL
W AL NUT
v*ith dull wax finish is
one of the season's
novel styles in which
to furnish the Library
Band Dining-room. It
is dignified, elegant
and substantial. We
have many other Fui-
niture novelties equally
SLOANE'S
11 4 to 122 Post Street
: • \
I will develop your films fre« If
you buy them of me or have me do
your photo printing. I carry a full
line of XOX-CCRLJJCG FILMS.
Here are a few prices for rolls of
six exposures:
2'.ix2K. Jsc; 2^x314. 2©c; 2l£x
*v. 25c; t%X»H, 3*c: 3i4x4U.
35c; 4x5. 5x4. 3^x5%. 45c; 5x..
Here are a few of nsy prices for
°* PHOTO PRINTING
2^x3U, 4c; 2^xti4. 84x34 and
3*;x4i«, sc. 4x5 and 2V«xSH. Cc;
6x7. 1 Oc.
Sind Ftarer>» for postage.
J Send 15c for rajnple dozen of
TTKO Developing Paper. Gives
beautiful detail and prints by ras
Jight.
Mail order* cromptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. TT. PITTS, the Stationer.
/ Market «« San Frandaco.
BARGAIN
6«v« $2 80. th* middleman's profit, by
buying from us. Trunk built with heavy
brass trtmminjrs. water-proof canvas
cover, tray with hat box. *xtra dress tray
cJoth-faced. Fine line traveling bags and
suit cates 60 per cent chfar»er than else-
jTmarty co.
Trunk and Bns Manufactorcrs,
• 22 TUKK ST- S. F.
Itepalring. Phone Folsom 2812.
THE CITY AM) COCXTV HOSPITAL*
* Sbx> Kranciaro, Cal.
Tbe S&n Francisco Training School for
Nurse* offers a course of trairlnc ln all
branches of nursing to younsr men and women,
between the »ge» of 20 snd 30. -Requirements
for admission: Good health, goed moral char
acter jnd a grammar school education, or its
•Q-jivalent. Classes forming November 1 and
January 1. A post-graduate course is offered
to * limited number of graduate nur*»«. For
-\u25a0« .~vr.:« «tis. tin 4 rets i!ISS BT.'TI-ET.
PAYS TRIBUTE
TO DEAD FRIEND
Grover Cleveland Delivers
Touching Eulogy at Un
veiling of Morton Statue
NEBRASKA CITY, Neb.. Oct. 28.— 1n
the presence of 5000 persons, and with
elaborate ceremonies, a statue of J. Ster
ling Morton, Secretary, of Agriculture in
the late Cleveland Cabinet, and founder
of Arbor day, was unveiled at Morton
Park this afternoon. Sterling Morton, a
grandson of tbe secretary, drew aside the
curtain which exposed the statue to view.
There were six addresses, principal of
which was that of Grover Cleveland,
which was a touching eulogy of his for
mer Cabinet officer and personal friead.
Other addresses were by Governor
Mickey, who welcomed the visitors; Hon.
Hilary A. Herbert. David R. Francis,
Adlai E. Stevenson and Dr. George L.
Miller, the latter of Omaha.
Cleveland's address was an eloquent
tribute to the personal Qualities and
broad statesmanship of J. Sterling Mor
ton. He testified to Morton's "lofty civic
righteousness, his simple and sure stand
ards of public morality, his stern insist
ence on official honesty and his sturdy
adherence to opinions deliberately and
conscientiously adopted."
Morton, said the speaker, believed that
waste in public expenditure was a sih,
and in his official capacity, "the noxious
atmosphere of governmental extrava
gance could not blind his eyes, nor could
the ridicule of those who had learned to
scoff at official economy, or the threats
of those who perfidiously contrived to
appropriate nubile funds to private gain,
drive him to compromise with wrong."
Continuing, Cleveland said:
"We have fallen upon days when our
people are more than ever turning away,
from their old faith in the saving grace
of character, and flocking to the worship
of money-making idols. Daily and hourly,
ln the light of investigation and ex
posure, characterless lives are seen in
appalling numbers, without chart or com
pass, crowded upon the rocks and shoals
of faithlessness and breach of trust. How
ill have these wrecked lives exchanged
the safe course and the harbor of ,honor
and usefulness which character and rec
titude point out. for a wild and headlong
rush over unknown seas ln a consuming
search for peif.
"If our people ever return again to their
trust In character as a steadying force in
our restless enterprise and Immense ma
terial growth, It will be when they take
to heart the full significance of such a
commemoration as this. We memorialize
a man who not only earned the lasting
honor of his countrymen, but whose life
ln all things worthy of high endeavor
was abundantly successful."
MORE OF CUNLIFFE'S
PLUNDER RECOVERED
Package Containing $5000 Is
Found in Lining of a
Baby Carriage.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 28.— The persistent
report that Mrs. Cunliffe, the wife of
Edward George Cunliffe, the Adams Ex
press robber, had In - her possession
$5000 of the $101,000 stolen by her hus
bano was confirmed v to-day when Su
perintendent H. J. Riderman of the
Pinkerton Detective Ageicy went to
the Cunliffe home and In the lining of
a baby carriage found a package con
taining $DOOO.
On the night Cunliffe was brought
here from Bridgeport. Conn., where he
was captured, he made a written con
fession to tho authorities that he had
given his wife $5000. Mrs. - Cunliffe.
who in the meantime' had moved to her
father's home at Hartford, Conn., de
nied that she had fc the money, notwlth-'
standing that she was shown the writ
ten confession made by her husband.
She was repeatedly questioned, how
ever, and to-day Informed the de
tectives at Hartford, Conn., where the
money could be found. The authorities
say now there remains J6OOO which has
oot been accounted for.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU SUNDAY. OCTOBER 29*, 1905.'
MAYOR STOPS
SHAW'S PLAY
New Haven Executive De
clares "3lrs. Warren's Pro
fession" Is Too Indecent
REVOKES THE LICENSE
Money Refunded to Hundreds
of Theater - Goers Who
Had Purchased Tickets
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. Oot. 28.— The
license for the production of Bernard
Shaw's play, "Mrs. Warren's Profes
sion," at the Hyperion Theater, was re
voked to-day by order of Mayor John
P. Stirley. The pieoe was given a
performance here last night .and was
to have been presented again this aft
ernoon and to-night.
The Mayor did , not attend last
night's performance, but said he had
received from persons in whose Judg
ment he placed entire confidence com
plaints that the play was unfit for
presentation, on the ground of Inde
cency.
A large crowd besieged the theater
doors at the hour set for the matinee
and read the announcement that ! the
performance had been called off. Tick
ets for both the matinee and evening
performances had been entirely sold
out, it Is claimed. In view of the sup
pression of the play, money was re
funded to the ticket holders. \u25a0 >
Arnold Daly, manager of the play,
said ln an interview that the action
of Mayor Btlrley was ridiculous; that
he had condemned the play without
seeing it, basing his action, so far as
he could learn, on the statements of
two overzealous clergymen. He said
that, at the opening performance ln
New York on Monday night Police
Commissioner McAdoo would be pres
ent and would pass Judgment upon It
BOYS PLAY WITH GUN
AND ONE IS KILLED
Lad of Four Accidentally
Shot by His Brother
of Nine.
BBLLINGHAM, Wash., Oct, 28.— The
four-year-old son of George German, a
Columbia Valley fanner, died at Sumas
this morning from an accidental gunshot
wound inflicted by his nine-year-old
brother yesterday. During a critical ill
ness of the mother the children had been
left much to their own resources, jj To
day they were playing together in the
yard and got hold of a 22-caliber rifle,
which was loaded. Hearing the report,
the father rushed out to find the younger
boy fatally wounded in the abdomen.'
MARC BLUMENBERG
ON PIANOS
Accepted Authority on Pianos Handle*
Subject Editorially In ".Musical
Courier Extra."
I have seen pianos and tested pianos
with dealers' names on them that were
far better than many pianos, and even
than most pianos, with the piano man
ufacturers' names upon them. I am pre
pared substantially to verify this with
facts.
Having had such an experience I am
actually forced to assume that position,
and, furthermore, as none of the trade
editors are competent to give expert
opinion on pianos, I, as the editor of
THE MUSICAL COURIER and an ac
cepted authority, recognized as such in
written acknowledgment from most
piano manufacturers of Europe and
America, • * • am the only Journal
istic force that is enabled to decide
upon a piano on actual, expert knowl
edge.
Among pianos I recently examined is
the Kohler & Chase piano, handled by
that firm in California. • • "The
Kohler & Chase uprights from the Bla
slus %vorks are made under a special
manufacturing contract with Kohler &
Chase, and in accordance with' the the
ories of the latter firm, which for more
than a half century has had the most
varied experience in the handling of
pianos of the very highest musical
type. Unbeknown to the firm I care
fully tested these Kohler & Chase pi
anos, and I would not hesitate for a
moment to guarantee them myself. No
one can discard them, no judge can af
ford to do so. for they are endowed
with a successful scale plan, and out of
this there issues a tone quality . that
commends Itself to the best musical
taste. The touch is as delicate and aa
responsive as a highly sensitive organ-
Ism of nature's own fabric, and I defy
the artistio musician who can play it
properly to get away from a Kohler &
Chase from his or her own impulse.
The piano holds and captivates the
player if he Is artistic.
In fact, the pianos are guaranteed by
Kohler & Chase. It is the name of
Kohler & Chase that brings the people
to look at the pianos, and It Is the en
ergy, and the resources and the reputa
tion and the knowledge of Kohler &
Chase that sell the pianos, and 'the
Kohler & Chase name then makes the
market. Under their factory title these
same pianos bring very high prices
wherever sold, Including California,
What are manufacturers going to "do
when the dealers will say, as they are
now going to say: "Give us pianos like
these Kohler & Chase; we will pay you
for them, for we can {safely sell such
pianos, with more excellence added to
our reputation. than ever before"? What
can the piano manufacturers; say. wheiij
this new, modern, common-sense prop
osition begins to unfold itself? Kohler
A Chase have demonstrated that they
can successfully handle large numbers
of .high-grade pianos with their name
on them — right on the fall-board. • • •
As sure as the hatched egg is riot fit
for an omelet, this talk of the dealer is
as sure to.come as a result of the Koh
ler & Chase. success with the high
grade, artistic pianos they are handling
with their names on them. The dealer,
seeing this Kohler & Chase success, is
not going to take the chances of: per-"
petuatlng his name on a cheap box; he
is going to put his name on pianos of
the high grade— the Kohler „& Chase
grade — for then he will be selling In
struments worth advertising; [ then he
can plan an advertising: campaign, for
the dissemination of such ; pianos will
add honor, distinction and profit to his'
business. • • •
There are many pianos •of • the most
expensive class I would I not , have for
my own use, and I have seen pianos of
the same high-grade factories unfit for
artistic use .or musical expression.
Their names never guaranteed that
they were all \u25a0 of . equal merit because
the name on each was the same! .
A dealer handling high-grade pianos
with his name upon them can .pick th«>
best examples of each lot, and Kohler
& Chasedo that very thing. >. They get
the choice. If a piano should happen to
come along which they could not guar
antee they, would either return; it to
the factory or take their name-oft and'
put on any assumed name 1 and: sell'. the
piano "as it Is"— that 'is,; af a low price
— or they. would rent It..' '
Each high-grade factory, through Its
valuable name,- represents ;. a -certain
class or type or standard, :biit" there are
many high-grade pianos that [ are < Indi
vidually unfit to rank- with the average/
In judging the piano and s not the" ; make
these unfit associates will : be elimi-;
nated. and ; the average ;,wilK.>; thus • be
raised, and that means better results, in
all directions. — Musical \u25a0 Courier- Extra.
RATS OVERRUN
A STEAMSHIP
Officers and Crew of the
Sabine Battle With Eo
clents During Long Voyage
VESSEL BEACHES POET
Hatches Are Battened Down
and the Pests Extermi
nated With Sulphur Fumes
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
NEW .YORK. Oct. 28.— With hatches
battened down and sulphur fumes flll
lng the hold of the British steamship
Sablne, Captain , Young:' and J the crew
of the vessel to-day anxiously watched
the extermination of the rats that
have made life a burden to all those
on the vessel since she sailed from
Java and until she made port here to
day. : \u25a0\u0084
Hardly : had the Sablne passed Singa
pore when* the first of the outbreaks
on the part of the rats manifested it
self. Sugar fumes evidently did not
agree with them, for they made for the
forecastle and even invaded the offi
cers' quarters, making It Impossible for
any one on board to sleep.
Captain Young received a deputation
of his men* as the ship was passing
through the Suez Canal. They demand
ed that sufficient oanvas be provided
them with which to make hammocks*.
The hammocks were made, but ' they
proved little better than bunks, for the
rats moved up the sides of the fore
castle Quarters , and down the ropes
that held the hammocks and aoon
reached the Bleeping: crew, sending
them yelling* from their suspended
couches. ;
All through the Mediterranean and
across the Atlantic the fight between
the crew and the rats continued.
Longshoremen quickly emptied the
ship to-day of her sugar cargo and
then sulphur was \u25a0 lighted ln the hold,
ln the forecastle and ln the officers'
Quarters and out poured the rats.
LAND NEAE TOWN ,
OFBENO OWNEKLESS
Discovery Causes a Eiish to
Locate on Choice
Ground.
SpedaJ Dispatch to The OMll.
RENO, Oct. 28.— Mych excitement has
been caused among 1 the citizens of Reno
by the discovery that twelve acres gof
the most valuable property of the city is
unlocated. . The property is situated on a
small Island ln the Truckee River which
flows through the heart of the city. The
land for farming and agricultural pur
poses for many years past has been un
equaled in the vicinity of Reno and is
valued at $6000. It has been occupied by
squatters since the birth of the city. As
a result of; the discovery that the ground
has not been properly located a "land
rush" ln which many of the most promi
nent residents of the city are implicated
began to-day. The o-wnership of the land
is contested by several people and the
case probably will be aired in court
BIG METEOR IS SEEN
. .BY PEOPLE OF KENO
Passes Swif tly Over the City
and Disappears Near
Carson.
REJNO, Oct. 28.— About 10 o'clock to
night a brilliant ... meteor , passed swiftly
over this city from the north, taking- a
course due south, directly for Carson
City. The meteor was of immense size
and brilliance and Just cleared ln its flight
the top of some of the highest buildings
ln Reno. The meteor was seen at Car
son City Bhortly after It passed over
Reno by William McClure Gottwaldt, an
astronomer of much repute. It la his
opinion that the shooting star landed and
Imbedded itself near an old cemetery near
Carson. He will head a party that leaves
Carson to-morrow ln search of it.
''DirJXT KNOW IT TVABLOADED"
; , CRY. IS HEARD ONCE AGAIJf
BAKBRSFIED, OcL 28. — Because ha
dlfl not know a revolver was loaded
Harry Falkenburg, known In this city
aa "Sleepy Dick," shot and fatally
wounded Tom Burns, an old and well
known character, in the * Palace bar
room this mornlngr. From all the evi
dence that can be collected by the offi
cers it is practically certain' that the
shooting: was purely accidental. The
wounded man was taken to the county
hospital after the shooting:. He died
there late this afternoon.
ADVERHSEMEXTS.
I Will Semi My
DEAFNESS
BOOK FREE
%To any ene who is deaf or whose
hearing Is failing: at all. It shall not
cost .you a penny and; it's f ull tof the
very i help ; and \u0084 medical advice .that
every deaf person; needs. :
-My book tells Just what causes Deaf-
ness and ; shows the - way, to ; clear and
perfect hearing.. ; It; explains r what
brings on the ringringv> buzzing 1 noises ; in
the ' head and : ears . and - how •\u25a0 to be free
from them.- It shows how the ear gets
closed up and . points out \ how , Deafness
can" be cured, . easily, and " painlessly,
right in your, own " home. ; Fine pictures
of the different; partsof the ear illus-
trate almost every page. •.- -
If . you, want -to; get rid" of your Deaf-
ness, let ; me ;. give you. this book that
.will tell you what to' do. Ask ; for it ; , to- ;
day and I .will • send it at once: < Write
y our ' name ; and \u25a0 address plainly.; on . the
dotted .lines,; and mail; the .; Free Booh;
Coupon to Deaf ncsa \u25a0 Specialist : Spronle,
105 Trade Bolldlnic. Boston. . : ' <
PHEE DEAFNESS BOOK COUPON.
NAME . . . . ..'.."..."..-... '. ...........
i ADDRESS :. : ....
N E W B RO ' S H E R PI C I DE
The Original Remedy that "kills the Dandrufi Germ.'' -^ |
THE HUWTERS CAME TOO LATEI
Their Faithful Dog has pointed out the true Remedy to Prevent Baldness \
~~ but the Hunters came too late— Chronic Baldness is incurable. \
HERPICIDE A "HAIR SAVER." Newbro's Herpicide is a Twentieth Centnry Rem-
— cdy. Its mission is to teach new rules tor scaip
Newbro's Herpicide saves the hair by destroying cleanliness, new rules for hair preservation and to sup-
the germ or microbe that is now known to be the ply a germ-destroying solution that will enable care-
cause of dandruff, falling hair and baldness. In chronic ful persons to have beautifuland luxuriant hair % Al-
baldnesB*the' hair follicles are completely atrophied, most marvelous results follow the use of Herpicme,
causing the scalp to shrink and shine; . little can be and if it does not do more than we claim for it, your
done in such cases except to save the remaining dealer will refund your purchase price. As a nair-
"fringe," and this is well worth saving, for it offers dressing it is truly exquisite, on account of its dainty
some protection against the cold. and refreshing odor, which »3 characteristic. It con-
. The "Hair Grower" isa fallacy. It requires but a tains' no oil, grease or sedimentary substance, neither
slight knowledge; of anatomy to know that the hair does it stain nor dye the hair. |
gets its life and strength from the hair-papilla at the Stops itching of the scalp almost instantly.
bottom of the hair follicle, and the papilla in turn gets • „„__\u25a0.__ n V ncrr*Tin\ic
its nourisfiment direct from the blood; therefore nature HERPICIDR EXCEEDS EXPECTATIONS
is the' only true haflr grower. There are enemies of .The sale of Herpicide is exceeding our expecta-^
hair growth that cause hair loss and baldness. Invis- tions. Nearly everybody here seems to have scalp
ible microbe growths enter the sebaceous glands, sit- trouble, and Herpicide. is doing good work. *,
uated at the top of the hair follicles (Dr. Sabouraud Grass Valley, Cal. J. G. LUTZENHEISER.
of Paris says the microbe usually, enters the scalp in cAocr* «/ith MODDirinn
youth), where one colony after another is estab- PLEASED WITH HERPICIDK
lished, until finally, after months and sometimes years, I not only find your Newbro's Her-
there is dandruff, itching scalp and falling hair, picide a great hair remedy and dan- * r --"i.i!_
A\u25a0e "j The Sebum also solidifies, causing druff cure, but also find it a nice hair tff&iJLin.*
I "\u25a0\u25a0! la r»i^l dry, lusterless and brittle hair. De- dressing with a delightful odor. I sSiliiljS^
1 Jj/ljl , - stroy this microbic growth with New- have recommended same to a number roiwT/^
i^J^fl^lfl bro's Herpicide and protect the hair of my friends, who are much pleased '{f 1
Jlfy&Hlftk^ against reinfection, and it will grow with it. V. M. PARSONS. /^H-^VSjAVC^ »
E3 nature intended - Vallejo, Cal. O^i^A' P
B^H -At Leading Drug Stores ft|l&
ftpffl^S^ or sent, prepaid from Detroit, Mich., upon receipt of $ 1 .00 •jj^3|j v|) I
XIP \u25a0 \u25a0^V~^^P ' Bend 10 "*\u25a0• ln \u25a0 t * mpt for «* m P l ° to THE HERPICIDE! CO.. Dept. I*.. Detroit. Mich. £
"Destroy the Cause— You Remove the Effect"
A Healthy Hair. v . An Unhealthy
KEEPS IN TOUCH
WITH CAPITAL
President Sends Wireless
Message to Washington
7 From the West Virginia
CRUISER WEST VIRGINIA, AT SEA
(via Savannah, Ga.,), October 28.— The
weather is perfect, a moderate breeze
blowing from the northeast and the
sea smooth. The- President is quar
tered in the Admiral's cabin and is en
joying the trip immensely. The ship
ls> keeping up a uniform speed of
eighteen knots and everything is run
ning smoothly.
This' is the first time in the history
of the navy when a BQuadron has
cruised in company with a speed of
eighteen knots and over. At 1:45 p. m.
to-day we picked up the Pensylvanla
and Colorado off Key West and , are
now cruising in squadron. As we
passed the two ships each manned the
rail and saluted the President's flag.
It is the customary honor and the
President returned the salute from | the
Admiral's bridge. To-night the Presi
dent will dine with wardroom officers
and according to the navy custom
while at sea on Saturday night, will
Join in .the toast 'Sweethearts . and
Wivea."\
WASHINGTON. Oot. 28.— The wire
less telegraph station at the Washing
ton I navy,, yard was ln . communication
with the armored cruiser West Vir
ginia, on which President. Rooaevelt'ls
a passenger, from 2:07 until 6:15
o'clock this morning; The feat of com
municating from Washington to si ves
sel on the Gulf of Mexico, about 1100
i miles distant, and mostly overland, is
regarded aa remarkable.
As soon as the West Virginia was
In touch with the wireless station at
Key West to-day the first message to
be transmitted from the shore to the
big cruiser was a ' personal one. • from
Mrs. Roosevelt | to the -President con
gratulating him on the anniversary of
his forty-seventh birthday. This mess
age .was sent last night from the Navy
Department to Key West, with lnstruo
tions to I deliver it to the President at
the first opportunity.
The ; Washington navy yard waa to
night ;in touch with the West Virginia
by wireless telegraph. The operator
who Is in charge of the plant; here re
ceived the following message:
' . "West Virginia is ; in good communi
cation with Jupiter • Inlet, i Savannah
and St. Augustine have heard no
messages, but West Virginia requests
Savannah to listen; closely for them,
as ) they : may. have - messages any time.
West Virginia, also, requests weather
report ' from Savannah."
Savanah sent \u25a0 the weather report to
the West Virginia. at 8:47 p. m. \u0084
GLAEK ABSOLVED
IN MONTANA SUIT
His Residence Being in San
Mateo'He Is Dropped as
a Defendant.
Special Dispatch to Ttxn Call.
> HELENA. Mont. Oct. 2S.— Charles W.
Clark, a : son of .United; State s) Senator
.W.'f- A: Clark and a'[ resident •:',\u25a0 of '; San
Mateo, Cal., iwas ''\u25a0. to-day absolved from
responsibility^ as ra" defendant : .in .a
$100,000 Vdamage suit by United States
Judge Hunt/; ; \u25a0':[\u25a0 / '"^',!^@S2S^SB3Wfi!B
; in 1902 . Clark and \ two Montana ; min-.
ing. men"; were sued'.by.j the" Rosario Min
ing * arid/ Milling f Company -for/ J 100,000
liquidated ; damages if or 5 afleged ; breach
of " In* thej failure j to : take' over
'certain iihiriirig 'properties.' "Judge Hunt
holds thaO. Clark; was : not fa resident', of
the ! State \of;; Montana; at s the) time "the
suit ; .was;be gun; and, therefore dismissed
the action in so far aa jhe Is 'concerned.
MAYOR OF DENVER
BEFRIENDS A BOY
Lad Supporting Sick Mother
on $5 a Week Wins
Sympathy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Oct. 28— Hector Miles, em
ployed by a picture firm, broke a picture
he was told to deliver to-day and mem
bers of the firm slapped and abused the
boy.' They were arrested and. fined. -
In court it developed that the boy, who
is 14 years of age, had been getting 55 a
w^ek. H of which he sent regularly to his
mother, who is ill In Nederland, Colo.
With the other dollar the boy managed
to rent a miserable attic room and buy
food : for a week, with the help of a small
sum made by selling papers. .
r Mayor Robert TV. Speer learned of the
case and at once sent the boy to his
home. Hector will drive the Mayor's
team hereafter. • . .:
PRIMGAR. lowa, Oct. 2S.— E. O. Brown,
formerly president of the Sheldon State Bank,
charged with fraudulent banking:, was acquit
ted to-day.
Don't Pay Until Well!
Don!t» Pay More Than
ForaiußEP
Of any of the /
Diseases o r
Weaknesses of lW fVa ?\u25a0
Men •which, vI / \ .
are Included lis^rfL few^
tn our spe- Kstlli *S JPyr
cialty. VT c <^K«^W <^/^^
•will treat an 4 V '^^Jjr /\.
cure you com- ; Zy^ ' S \^
• pletely and jS^^fl* x^
permanen tly Lj^ifcZ* /
for. $7.60 and vi?B?Jir /
you will not •^7\iri W\_ /
\u25a0be asked to \&^h(y x~^
pay One. - Cent s « *&
ln Advance. '
25 Years* , Experience
Is behind our claims for competence.
•"W© treat only the Private and Chronic
Diseases of Men such, aa Vital De-
cline, . Spermatorrhoea, Varlcocele, Hy-
drocele. Stricture. Contagious Blood
; Poison. All Contracted Ailments, Kid-
ney, Liver and Bladder Diseases. Xer- \u25a0
; vous '? Disorders, Rupture, , Fistula and
. Pil?s. "We Kuarantee our cur* to be
permanent and lasting for all time.
EXAMINATION FREE
W« offer not only FREE Consultation
and Advice, ,but-of every case that
comes to us w» will ' make a careful
Examination and Diagnosis without
charge. No ailing man should neglect
this opportunity to get : expert ' opinion
about his trouble.' '
DR. TAYLOR & CO.
1049 Market. Street.
: Diagonally . opposite Hlbemla Bank.
-.:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
PALO ALTO TO-DAY^^^^»
\u25a0HEar Ge9 Our v 'lla Lots. IHI
K&SjW 50 by 150 and CCO Ft., Facing VS
f£ff WORLD-FAMOUS
Hr STANFORD UXIVERSITt M
aa '\u25a0 To-morrow you'll own one: \u25a0
Fl It's easy; you pay us 57 to 910 Kg
Wsm ' a • month , for ; a" short time. SB
M THAT'S ALL! S
: -\u25a0- You won't risk* your lire en fja|
, tSSk * f^rry ln a fog- when yew BR
yA live ln - . -• \u25a0 . MB
PALO ALTO. ' 'MB^
S* n( l ' Postal For Booklet: J&M
! M»^^bk C. M. VVooster Co. si
M^ 643 Mirkst St. \^m V*.
HOTEL ST. FRANCIS t
Has the Best Equipped
. . and Handsomest . .
: GRILL IOOP" CAFE
IN SAN FRANCISCO
' - Business Men's Lunch a Specialty
Ta. ta^Mjf^.; <-^r i^^§\ tin k\*\
lAkf^r WM M KI3W? 11313
Rlnr^ sSk> tua Boils swaz a
rWo^^> lE»1fl»E--v-
SEWISG MACHIHE CO,
1051 Market St.
FOR SHERIFF
Peter J. Curtis
REGULAR. DEMOCRATIC AND
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
OCEAN TRAVEL*
-\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0"----
Steamers leare Pl«r« 9
A?J»<SX and 11. San Francisco:
/*s___ xA For Ketchlkaa. Wrangel.
/tf/fjET^^ \ 1 Jar.eau, Tr-adwell. Halnes.
( 1 VIjTVA 1 I Sltasway. etc., Alaska — 11
I V \wi4i*/ I ». ni.. Oct. 2. 7. 12. IT. 22.
Vj\ \\ 27. Nov. 1. Changs to thl«
VfJSj*^iJ*y company's \u25a0teaoaers at S»-
\u25a0 »«le.
*^ For Victoria, Vancomr»r.
Pvjrt Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, Ana-
cortes, South Belllnsrnam. Bellln^ha^i — II - a.
m.. Oct. 3t 7, 12. 17. 22. 27. Nov. 1. Change at
Seattle to this company's steamers tor Alaska
and Q. N. Ry., at Seattle or Tacoma to J». P.
Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Huinboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
?. m.. Oct 2. 8. 14. 20. 28, Nov. 1. Corona.
:30 ©. m.. Oct. . 8. 11. 17. 23. 28. Nov. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). Saa Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. ra.
-For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Bast
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz.* Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (3aa
Luis Ot>lspo), Ventura and Hu«n<K« —
. Cocs Bay. 9 a. m.. Oct. 5. 13. 21. 29. Nov. 4.
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. Oct. 1. 9, 17. 25. Nov. 1
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jos* do!
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia. Ouaymas (Mex.) 10 \u0084m.. Tth'each month.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1906— Th*
palatial Alaska excursion steamship SPOKANE!
trill leave Tacoma, Seattle, and Victoria June
7. 21. July 5. 19. August 2.
For further information obtain folder. » J(~st
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — I New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market St.. and Broadway
wharves. Freight OfOce — 10 Market st.
Oakland Offlce^ — 952 Broadway.
C D DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL S. S. CO.V
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First anxt ,
Brannan streets. 1 p. m.. for Yokohama and
Hongkong, calling at Honolulu. Kobe (H!ogo>.
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
Vn canto received on board on day of sailing.
SS MARU" FRIDAY/ Oct. 37.
'Round-trip tickets at reduced rates.
For freight and passage apply at company's
office, seventh floor. Merchants Exchange.
\u25a0 \u25a0 W. H. AVERT. General Agent
oceaßicS.sXv.=Ss
8 8 VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney Thursday. Nov. 2. 2 p.m .
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Nov. 22. U a.m.
LMFRECmS 4 BHOICa.AIts. Tic&t OiSca 643 Ur-
teL M«t Mb 327 mm sl. Pier 7, Pacias M
Campapnle Generale Traa*a tlanttqne.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE— Paris,
every Thursday instead of -^eAflJ.r*
Saturday. 10 a.m., from Pier 42. mm
North River, foot of Morton st. *
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. \u25a0-• Sec-
ond class to Jlavre. $i 3 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 • Broadway (Hudson building).
New . York. J..F. FUGAZI & CO...Paclflo Coast
Agents.. s Montgomery avenue. San Francisco." \u25a0
Tickets sold by all 'Railroad Ticket. Agents. -•;\u25a0-.
BAY AND INTEUURBAN' ROUTES.
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD/
VAL LEJO and NAPAv
Napa Valley Rout*o
Monticello S. S. Co. and* Napa Valley Elec-
tric R. R. _Co. Close . connectioos. \u25a0>
6 — rioUXD TRIPS i DAILY— 6
Boats leave. San Francisco 7:C9. »9:45 a>* m.
12 :50 . icon. \u25a0 3 : 15. * 6 :CO." 8 :30 '\u25a0 v."*- ml ;•
San ''Francisco and - office. Pier '£.
foot of Mission St.. one block south Market-tt.
Ferry. Meals ala carte. Phone Mala IMC
•Lands Navy t«d <i..«*I WILL GIVE $1000
If I fail to Curs Any Cancer orTumor
X^ I*^^1 *^^ *&~~- r* 1 ire.! 1 ; bci'or? it
%. X ir^"^ poisons v.*cp glands.
»^. \k U tf (f°^. -"f* J»7 ur.iU oirrd
> O J^P^^^k^W £° Or Paln<
& J »__J"'-* : -V>£Sw/^ |J{ nearly a!r.-a-,-s cancer,
inriucu^c tOtlrajßraV, rvrr v.rhter., ersT TBCE.
ANY LUMP IN WOMAN'S BREAST
*\u25a0 nearly r.Kvsys CANCCR and ii neglected
*111 always rf-isontieer' jrlscds in the srmsit
and kill quickly. Addrr»=s
DR.&ttRS.CHAMLEY&CO.
' stnctly Rename. Ttvol-cjJv Assistants.
Office 25 Third St., San Francisco
SEND TOSOMEONB WITH CANCER
r WE DUfIEKH FOR $12.50
iP^*^rf®k R-liable
fe &w M «ot a Collar
FT §Br mm^ mi
: '"*^^L-^ ;-^» J X^l — f»r n<r>.
*** \u25a0 ' hod y,
W« enw Nrrvoun Oebility. V«rlro-
<"H»*. L'rrtbral Obwtructlon. Blood
PolMOn. lilihft and IMxdder Trou-
»>!«••. ProKtnfic Discafcps nud all Ui»-
raurn of Men.
SPECIAL t»ISEAM> — Newly rnn-
tracted and chronic ca«*s <"ur«*d. All burn-
Ing, itching and inflammation Mcpp«"d in
twenty-four hours; cures effected in set en
days.
\\> «fp p < < ra:!y invite all PIKCOURAGED
an.J DI^SATISFIFID sufferers who hav^
b^^n tr<>a:<»<} without deceiving a cure to
call on us. It will cost you nnthin»j to
consult us Bn<s have an pxamination of
your ea.se made, and we shall be glad to
tPll you. frankly what is your condition and
what we can <5o for you.
\Vrit#. If you cannot call. All corre-
6iviri<lenc* strictly confidential and all re-
plies fent In plain *T.velf>pes. No nam»s,
caE*>s. letters or photographs of patients
published or exposed.
DR. HOLSMAN & CO.
Hours: S to 6. 7 to S:3d p. m. daily; Sun-
day, 9 to 12.
% 728 MIJtKET ST. <Top Tloor> S. F.
Special $30 Offer (or October Only
In order to more rapidly introduce our im-
proved methods of curing RUPTURE, without
the use of knife or pair, or delay from work,
we are making this unprecend^nted offer.
Firnt — We will leave a 1
*\u25a0« lli \TK*"tf naoneyi in the BANK un-
* J9\!H!.Z? t!1 >' cv are cured.
Ps IVOUR Peconfl-— W« will guar-
antee a perfect cure In
v^-^V^^^ JI WA Y from two to eight woeks.
(<^/ h^k Third— You will not he
v^^V 4t,*H prevented from working.
' - V/^JiSpT l ' ut owing to the fact
VP//|P^^ tbat *'* caa treat y° u
V/ ¥ J^\ cftener we can cure you
II I Tl i\ In one TK-ePk if you aM
If. f /Hi X prepared to remain quiet.
Ui. r # Aii.ix jr t>r Tne convenience ol
many we will accept weekly payments. Xo»
is the time to give up a trial and be cured.
IV*- have cured thousands; we can cure you.
Our methods are the same as practiced by the
celebrated rupture Fr^clalists Dr. O. D. Al-
bright of Philadelphia. Pa.. t>r. L'win of St.
I>ouie, Mr>.. and other leading rupture special-
ists of the world.
Recent testim'nia!?: EMMIT BAKER, POC
Market t-t. : PAM PI^ATT. 1 Grant aye.; P.
312 Eddy Ft.: FRITZ AN-
DRBA& <S5 Clay et.: G. A. FREMAX, Moun-
tain View. Call cr write f°r full detail?.
Hour«, 9:30 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sunday. 10 to 1.
GUARANTEE RUPTURii CURE,
900 Market St- Cor. EIMa.
S^^ MEN'S DISEASES
pT^V'S^^' '1 tra£ted Disorders, Spe-
I 'i^jfa&r! cific Blood }' fi^°». Piles, ;
Rupture, Rheumatism, j
O4t. IjUIHUm Lors of V r lffor, Catarrh,
STAFF. etc., that have been un-
1023 Mar- successfully treated by
krt St. other specialists. Our
Pioneer ilen"e methods' of treatment
gpecialiEt- are different, and by
curing stubborn and difficult cases have
\u25a0won reputation from the Atlantic to the j
Pacific as hading specialists in men's
diseases, and have built up the largest
practice of its kind on the entire Pacific
Coast, from Alaska to Mexico.
|-e«-s are fairs care* are permanent,
aad you oaa »a? it cured. Entrance
private. BalidlnßT only uso-d by us.
FIRST SPECIALISTS 30 YEARS IX S. F.
See free museum to-day. Hear free
lecture to-night and learn xrho should
marry, who not, and why. Call or write.
DR. LIEBIG STAFF
1023 Market Street. Sth Bldg. above 6th.
g&m W/E PLhL yVYEIN
dr. HALL'? REIJTVIGORJITCm
gyl \-- i ctops sJI Iceecs and unnatura.l dis-
• j |j ckarKca In 2* hours. You feel an
*g"| fSC lmKrovement the first dose.
fflS 7vf hay(!h ay(! *° rcucn confidence In our
*li »• trtatnient that we offer Five Hun- |
i£"4 >^S <!red reward for any case we can- |
w MuiSvafCaS not cure. This secret leinedy curce ;
&-.<,tl power, nithtly emitfiona, wasted organs. I
varieoeele. rleet. strictures. fHint-ye. failing j
memory, firfiing in the urine, gonorrhea, dis-
ease of the prostate glands and til other terri-
ble effect* of eelf-abune cr excesses, which lead
on to consumption and death. Positively cures
the worst cases In old or young cf that morti-
" Tying condition. Quickness of discharge, and
•ww.tln* to do, a.r.d you can't. 6ent sealed, $2
per bottle; 3 bottles, $5. Guaranteed cure any
cr td3rc»e orders HAI.VS MEDICAL
IKSTITUTB. BKS Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
Also for rjilc at 1073 H Jiaricct St.. S. F. Send
for fr*e book.
Kckichkteh'S cnclieh
EHHYRQYAL PILLS
7AT Orlffltkl and Unly Aniline.
«( U^. ** CHICeiiSTEK'S ENGLISH
LJiL±**&G\i» KKB »«•« t»ol<l swt*Mo U>if .«;•*
V^ — _T>s^? with bio* ribWa. Take \u25a0• otaer. Kcfu*
*»>* Wl l>»*c«To«f •nb»i:tut!on» cr.d Imlt*>
I I — fw tlwam. But «f your [frmefin. or —*i 4a. !•
1 (_ J* iua|* U-r fartieuiar*. 1 «»llmo«ilal«
19 TS> **\u25a0<• "Kelirf for I.» 41-«." ti.lttif. i-j re- ;
\. FT turn JrtaJi. 1 (i.(MI(i 'Iniinrctii. SoS4e»
**> — all i>mrrixii. falcfc»»t»r <'hemtr*l C»,
la»lUi In T| i| - JMaol.«B Mora. I'll 1 LA.. PJI.
, ——.—— — — — — — — — - — — — — — — I
jtJ^W^^zM M£BAHoWofilt*ft.-
>*^*C? \u0084 M,6e*T*\j ditchnr^ei.liiCfctiCj-ii .n«.
j^SST OuraatMd Irritatioue or clceiatioM
pTSTI. it; t» »uiet»r». cf Oiticcns CSCBibraCai.
ga 4J rrm** Ooatectaa. PatnlaM. »od Cot MtrUr
B*gfnt££fiWCHDClCAlCl. r»nt m poUsneu.
V^^ eHBBWUTI,e.^ES »»I<* *»y DrßfTtet*,
jgßQav. >«WH t-r exyr«r prepaid, Ui
Cl ."patents: ;)
fc, MARKET SLSZ\m2r
WEEKLY CALL, SI PER YEAR
BIG BATTLESHIPS
WILL BE BUILT
Tweiity-Tliousaiid-Ton Ves
sels to Be Flying the Amer
ican Flag in Xear Future
FIKST STEP IS TAKEN
Size of the Proposed 3liehi-
£ r ;m and South Carolina
Will Be Greatly Increased
SpeciaJ Dispatch 10 It.* ' Call
OLL BUREAU. POST BUILDING.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 25.-Twenty-thou
s=and-t>')i battleships for the Unite-ii States
r.avy is a probability that may be realized
iti the next ftw years. Naval officers
say they are sure to come and ;» "U'ij
In this dir«=ctior. will be taken this win
ttr by Congress in the cancelli - iij of th«
authorization for two 1e.0.K1-ton vess-eis,
the Michigan and the South Carolina,
and providing ihat vhey be LB,OW-ton vos
seli.. Work on th*esp battleships has not
been begun, so that no ciiibara.^sment
vsiil be involved in the charge.
It is undprFtood that both the General
Board and Secretary Bonaparte will rec
or.rnend that the ,-har,ge be made.
At present no navy has a ship of 20.000
tens, but several, including Great Britain
end Japan, have one or more ships au
th.orized of 18,000 tons.
One grreat difficulty in the way of mak
ing vht Michigan and the South Carolina
of 18.00 ft lor.s is that the homeogenity of
the 16.000-ton squadron now provided
would be destroyed. Eight battleships
are expected to constitute thiH squadron
and it is desirable. :hat all be of the
s;;me type. Five of the Iti.OOO-ton type,
have been launched and one is now on
the stocks. Jf the tonnage of the re
maining two vessels be increased, the
fart that .th^y outclassed the other bat
tleships might provfl a source of diffi
culty in war.
"It will be a comparatively short time
whr-n there will be l£,ooo-ton ships." said
a high naval officer to-day. "The six
battleships we are building will in three
or four years positively be inferior to
the 18.000-ton battleships of somebody
else. The Russo-Japanese war has shown
that the big ship wit'ti the big gun is the
one that does the. damage. What is
known to naval officers as gun economy
is an argument in favor of larger ships
and this could better be had by a 20,00-ton
than an 18,0<»-ton s\iip. My opinion is
that the Michigan and the South Caro
lina will be changed to the 18,000-ton
type and that six other vessels of that
kind will be built to complete the squad
ron."
VAN ALEN TO HAVE
A ROYAL BEDROOM
Single Apartment Will Cost
Millionaire Twenty-Five
Thousand Dollars.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDOX, Oct. 2S. — When Rushton
Hall. James Van Alen's place in
Northamptonshire, is thrown open for
public Inspection s.£ter the extensive
alterations, which are rapidly ap
proaching completion, a striking fea
ture will be a gorgeously furnished
bedroom. Schemes of fittings and dec
oration wen; originally invited from
some of the leading artists and archi
tects in the country, and after fruit
less efforts to find anything strikingly
original the new owner has decided to
adopt the state bedroom at Haddon
Hall, the Duke of Rutland's lovely seat
in Derbyshire, as a model
It is acknowledged that this partic
ular room is one o( the most luxurious
and artistic of its kind in Europe and
that even the King's palaces cannot
produce anything like it. The wood
work is of richly carved oak inlaid in
parts with ivory, while the hangings
are of the richest Oriental designs. If
It were possible Van Alen would go
one better, but experts in furnishing
and decorating declare that it is impos
sible to improve on the Haddon Hall
chamber unless it is reduced to a freak
apartment.
Van Alen, who has an artistic tem
perament, will not do this, bo he is sat
isfied to be at least equal to the Duke
of Rutland. The Haddon Hall room is
exclusively retained for the use- of
sovereigns, a. Prince even would not be
allowed to repose there.
There is as yet no positive Indication
that Van Alen will be honored by roy
alty at Rushton Hall, but his neigh
bors are satisfied that some very dis
tinguished people will visit there next
year. It is for the use of such distin
guished persons that the bedroom has
been constructed' and designed and it
is to be as exclusive in a sense as the
Haddon Ha*l apartment. When it is
finally fitted it will, according to the
lowest estimate,* have cost $25,000.
Equal to the Occasion.
The Worcestershire defendant, fined 10
shillings for driving without a light, who
has Insisted 'jpon paying his fine In cop
pers because he considered It a "rotten
affair," has his precedent In the tradition
of an Oxford undergraduate whom the
proctor fined 5 shilling for some breach
of university law. He also brought out
the money in coppers with a view to
"scoring off" the proctor, but the latter
was equal to the occasion. "By all means,
Mr. ," he said, "only I must trouble
you to bring me fi penny at a time at 9
o'clock every morning until the whole
sum is paid." — London Chronicle.
I Are Your Eyes Right? I
l| Do -Yon Know the Danger of Eye Neglect,? |
H 6 **?***. When the eyes are out of condition gf
f/l \u25a0^(^^^affi^Sd^^^E^J'v for any length of time the entire sys- If
t| y^^^'jpßP!»s^^WOW tern becomes deranged. This Is in ac- t|
N /T *** Ui %* k '"-«aA cordance" with the latest discoveries of H
Pi i^^^^f \u25a0>i ?*3i|^«|^m Dr - Geo< D# Rich and other scientists ||
Vi t^^^f/^^^^iS^^^^^i. "The reason is simple." said Dr. Rich. M
fcj j *. '' "" *I*f* ™&&&& : -&££s\ "The most intimate relationship exists H
M \u25a0 - . '*§&s*s£&&s%s& between the eyes and the brain. ,_Y H
m ' , i-^&B&Ssffi-Te* ''-- "When the eyes are defective or over- fcj
kj 'f •; a /jJ&xgS*&Bi \u25a0 " i strained they consume four or five §S
« j.' -4^?s^^2»' • ' -f times their share of energy. Tho nor- El
ra «>' -\u25a0:"\u25a0:\u25a0"'\u25a0>'' &/f&Vi%£?£f!& '• -,' \u25a0 ma l amount of nerve energy appor- m
S i.<tJ/«lJ& tioned to the eyes being one-tenth that 9
M \u25a0i^SBBK^^B^SK ml^^r of the entire body it stands to. reason M
that when they get more than their m
I^^uraßQo^"BjSfiy^ share they rob the other organs and M
the b ra j ni stomach, heart, liver, kidneys m
GEO. D. IHCH. Jf. D. and bowels. The consequence is a dis- H
eased condition of the system. • Headaches, -Burning., and: Aching : Eyes, ;, : -k|
Insomnia, - Indigestion, Constipation. Extreme Nervousness, Spots before S
the Eyes are all symptoms of Eye -Trouble. See me to-day, f to-morrow. H
may be too U.te. If you cannot call, I can treat you in your own home m
without any inconvenience to you. No knife. No pain. This is strictly ||
my own metiiod.V R
Office hotrs: Daily, 9 to 12, 2. to 6; Sundays, 10 to 12.' Consultation* H
free. Phone Main 3120. \u0084 • ||
GEO. D. RICH, M. D., 1
SPECIALIST Eye. Ear. Xa«e, Throat and N>rvon» System. 8
407-409-411 James Flood Bldg. San Francisco, Cal. I
THE- SAN: FRANCISCO VGALL, SUNDAY. OCTOBER ;29; 1905;
In Our Glove Depart-
ment
rs^^c-ir-; It: : " will be
like finding
.to , ,6 orae
and look through these: •
LADIES GLOVES —
Made/'ot openwork threa*d
mesh; silk stitched baGki;
witii double pearl patent
ciasps; jn -mode, cham-'
pagne, brown, black and
white. Instead- of .36c,
Monday's selling. .. .-.UOc
Soros is
Equal to any,; imported
ladies' gloves made: Amer-
ican gloves made for; the
American women; "made of
picked lambskin; "butseara
ptiiching; fancy, gilt clasps;
name. on each button;' in
brown, tan, gray, reds,
black and white; warrant-
ed: fitted. Price..'. $1.00
(A glove cleaning ticket
given with each pair, so
you can have .them cleaned
whenever you like.)
Dressing Sacques
We have just received
all our new fall styles.
Here is one, out of many
Hundred; made of all-wool
ripple cloth; French fin-
ished seam*; deep, rolling
collar; all around the edge,
sleeves and collar finished
with crocheted edging in
pearl pattern of german
yarn; in gray, blue, pink
and red. Price. .... ..89c
-MIRRORS.— Photos on back,
gilt frame J5 O
Cut This Out
Jfo). And bring it
WJ&F*\ with you; then
'%]r^&£ compare with
SJf jfttTNJvS what we have
r^/feS^^ to say about
'iV. ' '*?W our Children's
Hose.
CHILDREN'S HOSE—
Made of silk finished
thread; jersey knit; jet
black; double heel and
toes; reinforced knee;
medium weight; good
wearing kind; all sizes...
25c
SCHOOL HOSE for the
little ones; made of India
thread; sanitary black; jer-
Pey knit: medium weight;
full finish; sizes from 5 to
O. At the low price of
Per pair lOc
Little Items at Little
Prices
HAIRPINS — 4 packages
In a cabinet for, a cabinet
• i»ttc
PEARL BUTTONS —
Small, medium and large
sizes; good, heavy kind,
clear white, a dozen.. \u25a0 5c
DRESS SHIELDS — Nain-
sook covered, vegetable
lined, washable, and odor-
less; full size; a pair..lOc
SCISSORS— Made of Ger-
man-metal; 7, S and 9
Inches long; different
styles of handles. Each . .
lOc
NECKCHAINS — Made in
gilt or turquoise, rounded
beads. Price, each 25c
INVESTIGATING IXTERSTATB
COMMENCE LAW CONVENTION
Federnl Government Konkinsr Into Ef
fort* of Itailroad Iniereats to
Pnck the Meeting.
CHICAGO. Oct. £B.— The Federal
Government Is investigating the ef
forts of the' railroad interests to pack
the interstate commerce law convention
which met here Thursday and yester->
day. Dr. 13. D. Durand. a special / ex
aminer attached "to the bureau of cor
porations of the Department of Com
merce, is conducting the Inquiry. He
refused last nisfht to discuss the results
of his day's Investigation, but it is
known that an extraordinary state of
affairs has been revealed. •
Evidence Is Fald to have been discov
ered • that some delegates in the se
ceders* convention, who tried to break
Into the regular gathering, were In
the employ of the railroads, and that
a large number had their expenses paid
by the railroads, especially In the way
of passes. Some of the delegates have
been Identified as railroad attorneys.
WILL AVOID APPEARANCE
OF ENCOURAGING INSURGENTS
Powers Decide to Mnke a Joint Demon
stration Agatnnt Turkey's
Asiatic PortM.
VIENNA. Oct. 28.— 1t Is announced
that the powers have decided to make
a demonstration against .Turkey's
Asiatic but not her European ports, In
order to avoid the appearance of giv
ing encouragement to the Macedonian
insurgents, and that simultaneously a
collective note will be presented to
Turkey.
Earl Nelson, who is In his eighty-sec
ond year, is the only living peer who was
a member of the House of Lords when
Queen Victoria came to the throne.
Are You in Need of Any
Ladies' Underwear?
Look through the follow-
ing, it will repay you.
raiftglgtfWir LADIES'
lish thread; in
P^l^yli Swiss an d
y.' '^ open worked
"-— Solace effect;
low neck and sleeveless;
fast colors: pink, blue and
white. Price . .... .12V4c
LADIES VESTS —
Made of silk finished lisle;
low neck; no sleeves; deep
hand crocheted yoke:
Swiss ribbed; pink, blue
white; all sizes. . . .-. - .*>Oc
LADIES' COMBINA-
TION: SUlT— Made of
silk finished lisle; jersey
knit: low rieck; sleeveless;
knee length; pink, blue and
Vhite. Price
LADIES' VESTS —
Made of pure Vega silk
(J. Isaac make);* Swiss
ribbed; high neck and long
sleeves. Tights to match;
T<nee or ankle length; in'
pink, blue, white or black.
Price ......fi.OO
LADIES' VESTS —
Made of fleece lined cot-
ton; high neck and long
Jeeves; jersey knit. Draw-
ers to match: ankle length:
French band; made of
same quality as above.
Price Garment 25c
j: P. Williams' Cele-
brated Soap
Direct from the factory.
WHITE GLYCERINE
SOAP — Delicately per-
fumed; large oval cake.
Price !..Sc
WILLIAMS' NURS-
ERY CREAM • SOAP—
Mild, pure and* antiseptic;,
.ecommended by health au-
thorities. With cverv cake
of this we give a box of
Williams' Toilet Powder.
Price, per cake-: .ri',*. 2oc
LADIES' PATENT LEATH
1R HAND BAGS. 5
You Will Find Economy
In some rich looking Val-
enciennes f laces x that- we
we have to show you.
95 different styles; all
pearl edge; r'inch wide;
12 yards for /. .. . . . . .45c
OFFICER KILLS
A SALOON MAN
Davisville Liquor Dealer,
Who Recently Lost License,
Is Shot by a Constable
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 28.— A special dis
patch from Davisville' says: John Caul
field, a former saloon-keeper at this place,
was shot by Constable "W. S. Hainline
about 8:30 o'clock to-night and expired a
half hour later.
Caulfi eld, whose saloon license was re
voked by the Board of Supervisors three
or four weeks ago because he violated the
Sunday closing ordinance, s drank heavily
to-day and" celebrated ;bis'j condition by
going to the rear of , his old . saloon and
beginning a bombardment \u25a0at the clouds
with his revolver. \u25a0 Constable ;' Hainline
heard the shooting 1 and; going: to the
rear of thelsaloon induced /Caul field 'to
cease firing. :,-\u25a0.'•' -" \u25a0"."-'\u25a0 ; '\u25a0'•• ! -- '\u25a0; "' .' : ' \u25a0'\u25a0 ,:
A short time later Caulfield opened up
the saloon and 'announced' the :• fact \u25a0by
again opening fire with j his revolver."
Hainllne again interfered, going into, the
saloon. He ordered Caulfield to put away
hi 3 weapon,' stop- shooting and dose up
the saloon. % \u25a0 :
Caulfield did not; like the interference.
Hq ordered Hainline out of the place, in
forming him that It was private property,
and i that | unless •he S left immediately \ he
would shoot him.'
Hainline started toward the door, and
as he neared it Caulfield fired at him, 1 the
bullet, according cto report, passing close
to Hainline's head. Hainline wheeled and
returned "the, fire, the bullet striking Caul
field in the stomach. He fell to the floor
and thirty minutes later expired. ..,, -*
v- Hainline \ rang ' up the Sheriff's office in
Woodland \u25a0 and asked .whether he should
give himself \ up. v He : was , instructed : to
remain at; home until to-morrow, --.when
the County: Coroner and the District : At
torney will hold an inquest upon the re
mains and fix the responsibility for the'
killing. 1 : \u25a0-\u25a0'\u25a0' x. ' :'. . : •\u25a0'\u25a0'. ;
GIGANTIC TASK OF MOVING
CHICAGO POSTOFFICB BEGUN
CHICAGO.. Oct. ,28. — The_ ; gigantic
thought delicate task of moving. :_ the-
Chicago postoflice'. iif to Uhe ".. now quar
ters in : the ' recently co_nipleted $6,000, V
000 Federal building "without- delaying 1
or disturbing; tho; handling of Japproxi
niatelsv2,ooo,ooo. pi ecesr of mall matter
which tin,- . ojnceliahdles. daily \ began
-to-day. '-- Frederick- E. Coyne,', the .post-;
'master,- was au thori ty | for 4 the I state
mehtjthat so elaborately \u25a0 have preparaf
tions 1 been K made ; involving the; : minute
calculation of: innumerable jd^tails^that
.the. intricate i^work ofVthe postofflce/
which coilpcts and delivers Small I over,
a territory, of;l 94 square nilles,'- would
proceed without a; moment's delay. ', :
I,o By to-morrowf all ; niail, including the
outgoing . (but , with | \ the : exception ' pf,
certain kinds . of , ! second-class | matter;
.which; will Ibe ..handled j from;, the : ; tem
porary "structure; for some 1 weeks r yet);
willbe cared for in the new building.
HE Priee = GistterTowefs Heated Shoiilfe Over All
No Corporation, No Partners to Divide Profits Withj
And That a Small Profit, Too. Read the Following and You'll Be Convinced r :
Royal Worcester
The Corset with a guar-
. antee.
For slender, medium and
stout figures.
. ' Every woman
yfil' who has ever
i^^ worn these cbr-
nic vl - sets ' (nows
they 'are "-;.\u25a0•' just
y/^mV- as comfortable
\u25a0' ; W\yu^\'-wJien first worn
Ah- Ji| yas they are
, Ky'Tjjl rafter months of
. »\u25a0'. wear. Low or
high bust; very narrow
through the waist; a. spe-
cial model for each figure;-
supporters side and front,
%vith a -velvet grip patent
clasp. Price ......$l.OO
LADY RILEY- FORM-
IMPROVING BUSTLE
AND HIP FORM— lnvis-
ible when worn; light in
weight; ventilated and -re-
versible; insures a perfect
figure to those who wear
them; in pink, blue, gray,
white and black. Price...
...................... *>Oc
CHILD'S FERRIS OR
FREEDOM WAISTS—
Made of English coutil,
corded; double row of
washable tape buttons; all
sizes. Price. ...; . . . . .25c
To-Morrow, and To-
Morrow Only
~~jf An important bit
V? ?* bargainizing
' ss« in underclothing.
•idft LADIES'
>Xv> CORSET COY-
JpD\ ERS — Made of
tf.T**- soft muslin; tight
fitting, for Monday.. ..Oc
ANOTHER CORSET
COVER— Made of soft
bleached cambric; rounded
neck; trimmed with extra
rt'ide English thread lace;
also ribbon beading. Price
23c
Fool the Cold Weather
And wear LADIES'
FLANNEL NIGHT
GOWNS— Made of twilled
Daisy flannel; double yoke;
rolling collar, trimmed
with colored floral em-
broidery; square yoke;
sleeves and yoke trimmed
with, fancy feather stitch-
ing; colors, pink, blue and
white. .Price;-... .... .f>se
JOE R.OSENEBRG
816-818 Market Street 13-15 OTarrcll Street
PHELAN BUILDING
- MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.
DEATH OF PAPOOSE
MAY MEAN A WAX
Resumption of Strife Be-*
tween Two Nevada Tribes
Is Expected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO. Oct. 28.— Late last night the
remains of an Indian baby In a basket
and wrapped in . blankets and clothes
were discovered ,by Arthur Raymond
and James Gibbs about two miles north
of the city.' They were brought to this
city by" Coroner Read : this morning.
The flesh had all been eaten from the
skeleton and the clothes and blankets
Jn which the. child had been wrapped
were torn and gnawed by wild animals
In their efforts to eat the body/ The
clothes and" blankets were saturated
with blood, showing, that the child had
in, all probability, met with a violent
death.
The cause ; of the young \u25a0 papoose's
death has not yet been determined, but
it is thought by the Indians and. many
white people' that its end was the re
sult of a feud, between two Indian fam
ilies of the Plute and Washoe tribes.
These tribes . have been warring con
tinuously for one | hundred years. Re
cently the hatchet was ; buried. There
are ! a few discontented ones In both
tribes who did not favor this action,
and the death of the babe is thought
to be the result. It- may mean the
resumption of strife.
- GRAPE-NPTS. "
.THE SECEET OF YOUTH.
D« Soto looked for the secret of
youth in a spring of gushing, life-giv-
ing waters.: which he was Bure,',he
would find in the New World.. Alchem-*
ista-and: sages (thousands, of them)
have spent their lives : in quest for It,
but .it is only found by .those happy
people who can" digest and assimilate
the, right food .which keeps; the physi-
cal body perfect that peace . and com-
fort are the sure results.
.A remarkable : man of 94 says: "For
many long years I suffered more or less
with chronic ;costiveness - and' painful
indigestion. : iThis^condition > made 'life
a great burden to me, as ; you may well
imagine. >• • :^ . "
"Two 'years ago : I began >to: .'use
Grape-Nuts -as ifood. and ,am thankful
that-I did. It has~ been a blessing to
me-: in r every way. U I first r noticed^that
it had restored my digestion". VvThis was
a':great: gain, but -was nothing to com-
pare ?in ; importance;- with ; the \u25a0 fact that
in a'; short t time my bowels were re-"
stored to free and normal faction.. ;
.."The cure seemed to be complete: for.
two years. I'have?had: none of "the old .
trouble. V• J use ;i the f Grape-Nuts , food
every, morning,* for"? breakfast . and }. fre-
quently eat nothing ~else. The use ; has
made '•met comfortable and happy, "and ,
although? I s will;bei94 iyears;. old - next
fall, "I; have become -strong, and supple'
! again, ;, erect; in; figure, .andl can iwalk
with 'i anybody r and . : '/."*njoy "• It." » Name
given; by : Positum -Co.,'- Battle • Creek,
Mich; ;^^''There's; aMreason.' l^ \u25a0/ , v -
\u25a0;?2 Read? the >; little ; book.V "The Road ito
."WellviUe," in every; pks. ;
// You Buy Your Doils
For the little ones now
you save just one-half.
\u25a0 ,jtffi%i» A. lucky pur-
t^^ff chase "of our
. New York rep-
y^^^' resentative en-
. ..7^1 ables us. to sell
>xrntss them for less
X#m(»<£> than any house
•\u25a0' jTir^ i n Frisco can
* \ buy them for.
It's a l)ig assertion to
make. " Nevertheless it's
true. Come and be con-
vinced. Dressed and un-;
dressed; double jointed.
Such makes as Kessler,
Mabeline, Ben "Hur and
others. Clowns, nigger,
babies, Chinese dolls;
jome in fancy, costumes
and many others:
ioc doll, n0w.... 5e
20c doll, now 12c
50c doll, n0w......27e
$1.00 doll, n0w. ... .".65c
NEMO ~ FORM-IMPROVING
CORSETS .81.00
Extra
:. -\u25a0'\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0Jt^k k' There is
no limit to
/^O '*/!*?> tne goodness
V^?i «L__- of . this veil;
»//l .i^S> washable,
YiKlAMlk. beautifying;
\ li^Vqi>rnade of 'all--
. /^v silk chiffon;
A3 inches wide; hemstitch-
ed border, finished with
satin edge; for hat drapes
there is nothing to equal
these; they come in white,
blue, baby blue, cham-
pagne, navy and black.
Price .sOc
MALINE or ILLU-
SION,' 27 inches wide; all
silk; the imported kind; in
all colors made. Price...
12J4C,
SADIES' EMBROIDERED
TURNOVER COLLARS 5c
Children's Underwear
At an under price.
fOT CHILD'S
H I SKIRT—
I .1 - Made of col-
Ji \\ ored striped
/w*4tT?\ flann cl'ctte,
&S£S*P finished with
a flounce with
a hem; attached to a waist
of white muslin. Price...
...... 30c
CHILD'S DRAWERS— ,
Made of soft bleached
muslin',' 1 with three tucks
and hemstitched" hem; all
fizes. Price... .15c
...T& PRICE CUTTER...
Denth of Theatrical Manager.
PITTSBURG. OcL 28.— Benjamin Cul
len of the Empire Theater, this city,
well known in theatrical circles
throughout the country, died to-day of
pneumonia. Cullen was formerly pro
prietor.of a theater at San Francisco.
TOKIO, Oct. 28.— Impressive religions
memorial services for those killed In the naval
battles during the-- war between Japan and
Russia are being held dally by friends of the
deceased. Vice Admiral Togo will b* person
ally present at a grand Shinto eervlce to be
held to-morrow at . the Aoyatna Cemetery.
LiiAbUSHEJ n 1/fITQPUIMQI/i l 0 THIRD ST.
DECEMBER 20th, Di Mi I OUliI IIUIAI g?^ pSm
1881. J . Philadelphia Shoe 60. MARKET ST.
EXTRAORDINARY SAVINGS THIS WEEK
We offer yon this week the sreateat Shoe barxalnn In this city. Do
not think of buylnsr until yon have seen these remarkable value*. All.
onr Shoes on sale this week are perfect, well made and absolutely ctiar-
anteed. We can afford to qnote snch loir prices because our business Is
-, enormous and our running: expenses are tire lowest Id San Francisco.
Pont overlook this remarkable sale. .
jikl^f^ c S l i4s IPI
; LOOK AT THIS BARGAIN; I J??Jf^^
INFANTS' AND CHILDREN'S <£*£&'
FINE VICI KID BUTTON OR f \u25a0_J&&i t^ A » k * or »
LACE SHOES — With coin toes. Er>-!£E^i5 il^^ Style RO5.
patent tips and hand-turned soles. KssW*^^
£SSt. D itaS-?Bo heels. 2 to KEEP YOUR FEET DRY.
c^s\^yw^^y^ BOX GALF DOUBLE SOLES \
to 8 .....:... GOe \u25a0 - . • . .
— " — ~ ~ COMPARE THIS VALUE with'
! the best J2.00 Shoe .you ever,.
/£^^ . bought elsewhere: Ladled .Box
; ip A j -. «. Calf Lace Shoes, double extension
\u25a0X \| On sewed soles, coin toes, straight •
V a «->J- to . v|./|| tlpa and military h*>ols. Sizes 2^
% I to 8. Widths Bto EE. REDUCED
\^,,. I sale price 81.45
NEW RIBBON TIE SANDALS .^8eB&^ \u25a0** «- I
;|MS^pIPSi MEN'S VELVET SUPPERS
Kid s Sandals,,^ with wood Cuban FOR EASE AND COMFORT—
: heels, hand-turned soles, coin toes, Men's Embroidered . Slippers, with
short vamps and silk ribbon ties. patent leather straight sides, hiirh
Sizes-2ffe to 8. Width* A to D. fronts and .sewed soles; ilies S to H
iSPKCIAX.: 3ALE PRICE.' . . 81.2Q H- EXTRA .VALUE PRICE. ;sOc
Ib third^streett l b b JA fl TQ P U I M QVI I MAIL QaaEßS ~ 1
;^SAN FRANCISCO Di I\M I OunttlOlXl PROMPTLY; FILLED I
Remember
fWhen you are
looking" for any
good Hosiery,"
come to me. I
am sure you will
not go away
disappointed.
LADIES* HOSE— Made
of English thread; fast
black; in the" new open
lace work effect: high
spliced heel and toe. Price
..A pair 12J4c
. "LADIES* HOSE— Made
of ' Sea Island thread;
stainless black with col-
ored silk embroidered in-
step A pair 12^c
LADIES' HOSE— Made
.of steam. shrunk cashmere
yarn; stainless bhek; full
finish; medium weight.
Price i!si!
LADIES' HOSE— The
extra wide or outsize
hose; made of the English
cashmere; the t soft velvet
feeling kind; midnight
black; full finish; double
heel and double toes; ex-
tra wide- and length.:
Price Jfoc*
REAL. . BXGL.ISH THREAD
I.ACE AND INSERTION, a
yard ......... -3c
So Totally Different
tSo well made;
so very reason-
able. You will
find these ladies'
petticoats.
Eastern drum-
mer' 3 sample
line of LA-
DIES' PETTI-
COATS; made of sateen,
Italian cloth, twilled serge,
nearsilk; hemstitched., ac-
cordeon pleated and tuck-
ed flounce. Regular $12
doz; skirts/ our price Toe;
$15 doz. skirts, our price
05c; -regular $18 doz.
skirts 91.15
Kx^ra large 'bar pun
lIITE CASTILE SOAP. 1
nches long lo<
There Is No Limit
\u25a0£. To the assort-
Jijti\ ment and styles
Spa. in my stock of
W? L A D I E S*
111 WRAPPERS.
jpkpl Here is one and
JgfojHy you will judge
y^Sj^^how low we wiU
sell them. Made
of colored English flan-
•lelette, with stripes and
dots, and many other fie-
ures; epaulets over shoul-
ders; fancy braided; new
•sleeve, shirtwaist cuffs;
deep gathered flounce; in
grays, blue, red. etc.: gen-
erously made; perfect fin-
ish. Price .........91.00
A writer In the Gentlewoman Is on th«
track of new trouble. "We hear," sh»
says, " a great deal of the matinee hat.
but what about the matinee hair? Ona
can, perhaps, ask a lady to remove her
hat. but one dare not ask her to remove
the hirsute obstruction as well: and yet.
between the hair worn according to tha
present fashion and the matinee hat there
is little to choose, at any rate from tho
point of view of the theater . goer seated
behind a lady."— New York Globe.
33
Nave You Priced
Any Children's Garment
in our new department?
You will find it will
more than repay you.
MISSES* DRESS—
Made of Scotch plaid; Em-
pire shaped collar; trim-
med with braid and lace
pouch front; wide-gored
skirt with deep hem : from
6 to 14 yearsr Price. sl.oO
BOY'S TUB SUIT—
Made of twilled duck; ad-
miral collar' trimmed with
a wide bias fold of white
duck^; vest front: pocket
on the side: pants to
match: in red. blue and
tan. Price . . >. 75c
New Kind of Ladies'
Waists for This Fall
We have some of the
richest and prettiest styles
that you would care to see.
Here is one made of
colored wool cashmere;
French tucked front; plain
back; new sleeve with ex-
tra wide cuff: colors red.
navy, also black. Price..
91.50
You'll Save Money on
Your Laundry Bills
pzgxinxzi. When you
/|teJ£ji«jy wear ' the
Pv^?" i iv''\ 1 l new patent
i'^'^iVl knitted
i^i^f'fS^S^ draw ers.
If you are
" not living
in the city we would like
to send you a pair on .ap-
proval, and when you see
them, we are positive you
will send for more. Made
)f lisle jersey knitted
cloth; French band; um-
brella shaped: trimmed
vvith 3-inch wide Torchon
lace; easily washed: no
ironing or starch needed.
Price ?sOc
KAVSER'S LADIES* DOU-
BLE - WOVEN FINGER-TIP-
PED GLOVES 25c
Here Is a Sure Tip
If you are
o%£tti£^b in ne =d of
J p^gr"--^^ any ladies'
C6jS||3il/ up-to-date
stylish belts.
LADIES* PATENT
LEATHER BELTS—-
Stitched center; the true-
fit kind: adjustable; made
with the extra heavy har-
ness buckle. Price... I«c
LADIES* BELTS—
Made of extra heavy silk
taffeta; tucked and shirred;
many different styles to
choose from. Price... soc
Matinee Hair lv London.34
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
ANDREWS' TRAIL
ONE OF BLOOD
Police of Connecticut Be
lieve Ellis' Assailant Is
the Miscreant They Seek
WANT HIM FOR CRIME
Fiend AVho Killed Bessie
Bout on Suspected of Ghast
ly Murder in Newjgritain
" BERKELEY. Oct. 28.— The suspicion
that Milton Andrew*, wanted for the
murder ol Bessie Bouton in Colorado, and
for a murderous assault upon "William
Ellis in Berkeley, is also the fiend who
murdered and robbed Eugene Boswortb.
& policy man of New Britain", Conn., in
August of IK*, ie expressed by the Chief
of Poiice of New Britain, in a letter from
fcini received- 10-day by Marshal Voll
mer. • * • " *:\u25a0'• '\u25a0'\u25a0
Boswprth was murdered in a fashion
similar. ta- that which ' Andrews employed
in kttUng Bessie Bouicn. and in his at
tempt to murder William Ellis, who 'is
now In a Berkeley hospital. The Con
necticut victim of Andrews, if Andrews
really 5s responsible for that murder, was
killtd by a blow on the head from a
hammer.
A valuable diamond rin« was' taken
frcm Bosworth's person, besides several
hundred dollars, and Chief of Police
Rawlings cf New Britain is particular
ly desirous of getting an exact descrip
tion of the big diamond ring which An
drews wore constantly, while here, ac
cording to Ellis..
The Governor of Connecticut offered
a. reward of JEW) for the apprehension ol
the murderer of Bosworth. Andrews was
In New Britain at the time of this mur
"«er.
HEKE IS A CHANCE
FOR THE CHARITABLE
Homeless Ones of Armitage
Orphanage Are in Need
of Clothing.
PALO ALTO. Oct. 28. — As a result of
the fire which destroyed the Arr.iitage
Orphanage' at. San Mateo yesterday aft
ernoon, to-day the "charitable people of
the town are caring for the homeless
\u25a0waifs. Criticism of the Fire Dipart
m*nt In leaving the burning asylum to
fight the flames at the Peckham Sta
bles, which were also burned, is heard
from witnesses of the fire. The scar
city of water made several lines of
hose useless, however.
The officials of tho orphanage have
appealed to the charitably inclined for
bedclothingr and garments to replace
,the articles destroyed by the fire. Rev.
Mr. Gal way desires the country at
large to know that" all donations will
be thankfuly received.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
OAKLAND. Oct. 28.— The following
marriage licenses were' issued by the
County Clerk to-day: William E.
Wheeler. 22, Oakland, and Viola D. Mc-
Coon, IS, Fresno; John-, Prodi, 22, and
Rose K. Chervetti. IS. both of San
Francisco; Kumata Arai. 21; and liana
Akabane. SO, both of Oakland; John B.
Busi'ovich, 2". and Susan M. Stow, 21,
both of Oakland; Charles IL Piper, 29,
Ban Francisco, and Apnie C. Williams,
26, Oakland; Colonel Montgomery. 24,
Oakland, and Jennie P. Lundy, 24.
Fruitvale; Joseph Heyman, 29,. • and
Meta Lippschutz, 24. both of San Fran
cisco; George James, 36, Stockton, and
Mabel Jackson. 3S. San Diego.
RELIEF COUPS TO MEET.
PALO ALTO, Oct. J& — The annual «n
epoetion of the Mc-Klnley Relief Coi ps
will be held here on Xovember 3. Busi
ness of importance dealing with th.j
Trrlfare of the organization will be
considered.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
BURGLAR RETURNS MONET.- Alamefia.
Oct. 2*.— C. D. Lo«rie. . convicted recently of
burglary for having robbed the residence of
A. R. Fritschi. 11!»2 Bent on street, ami who is
bow ronflrted in the Ccurty Jail, pending ep
pea.l, has given Chief of Police Conrad an or
<3er to give to Fritsch! $.V> SO in ca«h that w«s
fountf on Lowrle's person when be was ax
reeted. and which 1s, supposed to be. some of
the money that the burglar secured in the
rrltschi home.
HOLD ANOTHER ELECTION.— OakIand,
Oct. 28.— The congregation of Beth Jacob to
day held a second election. th<? first election,
held a fe-*- day* ago. having been illegal be
rjus, ejfht trustee? uytrv elected in^place of
the correct num"bei — five. To-d»:>-'5 election re
milted as. follows: President. H. Davis; vie*
president A. B. Hirshander; *ecretarj, Morris
Itaacs; trueteep — M. Jona«. I. Wollin. D. Mus
konlU. B. Jlarkowitt and' H. B. Kotz; treas
urer P.. Bakar;. collector, A. Kronlck.
H^LNESS CAUSES POSTPONEMfINT. —
Point Richmond. Oct. 2S. — OwJtik to the serl
aue illness of Judge Frank Hull, who is threat
*ne<i «"lth appendicitis, (he cases of the eloping
rouple. Mrs. I. B. Small end John Grant,
which were to have corce up tor preliminary
examination to-day, were postponed till Tue*
isy. October 31. On that date the preliminary
?x» ruination of- J. T. • Mayer, charted with
trson. will also be held.
FIRE DAMAGES BUlLDlNG.— Berkeley.
Oct., 2S. — Fire which was discovered at b
*>lock this morninc :by Deputy Mariihal
rhompson <lamag*il slightly the building at
Shattuck avenue and Addison street. oc.Uniea
- sv B. E. Underwood's plumbing shop. The
•* »ririn of the fire Is not known. Underwood
«tatlng his belief, however, that !t was of in
. >»naiarj' character.
CITES WIFE -TOR CONTEMPT.— Oakiand.
yet. 2S. — C'ontemrt proceedings have been be
;un against Addie ?. McMillen, who is charged
ay her husband. James 11. . McMllien. with
laving obtained $22,000 from him with a view
o rtefraudine him of it, for not obeyine a
notary's RUbi><ina anJ allowing her deoositsou
:•! be taken in rejrard to the matter. .
• r. A. LSACII JP.. BADLY HURT.—Oak
;>n<!.- Oct. 2S.— Frank A. Leach Jr. of the Oak
\u25a0i nd Oa*. rJclit and Keat Company met v.'ltn
i serious accident at nooa to-day while mount
'v.r his saddle horse at the office of the cotn
• wny to co to lunch. He was rendered un
tinscJotis and badly bruis*>d. It will be several
s»ys at least before he will be able to leavt
BEGGAR GETS UM lT.— Oakland. Oct 28.-
Frar.k Scott, the fourth member of the cana
» ho \u25a0» >re . arrested for begging in Oakland,
md ear-h of whom had a > fake letter , Blrnea
\u25a0 >y a .mvthiea! r>r. J. D. -White, was this morn
:r.K sentenced by Judge ' Samuels to a term or
«is months for vagrancy ; and also to serve.
Sfty days for drunkenness.
• SAY 6 HE STOLE BlCYCLE.— Oakland, O«.
2*5. — L*wrence Corastock. a j'crunr man wantea
et Berkeley for stealing a bicycle, was brought
down from Fairfield, Solano • County, this
\u25a0morning by Deputy -Sheriff .Wales and placed
'In ihe County Jail. He is charged with haiing
stolen the wheel of H. Russell.
SAYS MAN BIT HlM.— Oakland, Oct. 23.—
Gus Miller. 4S years of age and living at th«
Atlantic House at 354 Franklin street, was
t mated at the Receiving Hospital to-d*y lot
n bite on hie left cheek he said waa inflicted
by one Bill Corners In a fight they had at
Vourth and Cay streets. • /" r. » r*-*>V,'
SUPERVISOR KELLY BETTER.— Oakland.
Oct. 28. — Supenlsor Joseph M. Kelly, who has
been seriously 111 at Providence Hospital for
? several days, is reported much Improved- this
afternoon end it Is expected that he vt\\\ be
ahie to return to his home In a' few days,.
-. -MISSIXO WOMAN POUND.— Berkeley.' Oct.
!CS. — Mrs. J. T. CoughMn, who disappeared from
\u25a0 'her" hon^ on Telegraph avenue last -Thursday
night, leaving- a note that suggested her inten
tion of committing suicide, was found, to-day
tgr the poUc* la B&a FrancUoo.
ELECT OFFICERS
FOR NEW TEAR
California Branch of King's
Daughters Closes Ninth
Annual State Convention
INSTALLATION IS HELD
International President, Mrs.
Margaret Bottome. Thanks
Members for Hospitality
OAKLAND. Oct. 28. —The California
branch of the International i Order - of
King's Daughters* closed Its ninth annual
State convention thls^ afternoon, after
completing :he business left unfinished
yesterday, and electing and ! installing
State officer*; for the. ensuing year. The
new officer* were elected at toe close of
the :morning: session and were installed
at the closin? session this afternoon.
Mrs. Bottome, the interna
tional pte.-=ido:it cf -the order, made a
farewell address to the assembled dele
gates this afternoon, in -which - she ex
pressed her thanks to the representatives
of the California circles for their hospi
tality during her visit to the Pacific
Coast.
Following are the newly elected officers
of the California Branch:
\u25a0 State secretary. Mrs. Matilda Brown; assist
ant State secretary. Mis* ranie Davis; record
er secretary. Mrs. E. C. Lee; State treasurer.
Miss Jennie Cojk; correppcndlng secretary; Mrs.
J. A. Spangter; honorary member and historian,
Mrs. J. G. Cla-k: expeutive committee — Mrs. J.
B. Robinson. Mies Minnie Raymond. Miss C.
A. Dunnrtt. Miss Pearl Klngsland. Mrs. E. N.
RusMorth, Mp. Minnie Taylor and Mias B. D.
de Forest; deleg?t<? to international conven
tion. Mrs. C. If. Clay. -• -j---:
MRS MOimiSO.X SENT TO ASYLUM.
OAKLAND. Ojct. JS. — With . her mind
so far gone that s..e is not sure of
her name, Silrs. Catherine A. Morrison,
wife of J. A." Morrison, for twents* years
the "cashier at the Palace Hotel In San
Francisco, was committed to the
Stockton Asylum this morning by
Judgu W. H". Waste. Her. age was
given as 16. She Is the sister of Mrs.
Elizabeth MDntgomery Rogers, widow
of two well-known men, Arthur Rog
ers, the San Francisco attorney, having
been her last husband. Mrs. Morrison's
aged husband did not wish to testify
against her tind had to be brought into
court under a bench warrant. They
have two children.
FRAA'h. HIL.L, WIXS CUP.
OAKLAND, October .28* — To Frank
Hill of Sa,n Jose was awarded the, sil
ver cup in the declamation contest of
the Debating League of California,
which held ts fifteenth semi-annual
convention at the high school to-day.
In,. the afternoon the declamation con
test was held and Judge H. A. Melvin
of Oakland. Judge Frank Murasky of
San Francisco, and Martin Flaherty of
the State Uriversity, who acted as
judges,- awarded -the * prize- . to " -Hill.
There were fourteen contestants.. In
the evening the ninety-one delegates
to the convention attended Ye Liberty
Playhouse.
TELLS TALE WITH FINGERS.
OAKLAND, Oct. 28— A deaf and
dumb plaintif! in a divorce case taxed
the ingenuity of the court this morn
ing. She managed to tell, with her
fingers, however, a tale of cruelty that
\u25a0the court deeded entitled her to a di
vorce. The stilt was that of Elizabeth
Fiandt against John Fiandt *V.
SHIPPIJiG INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, October 23.
btmr Northiarid, Jamieeon 36 hours from
Portland, via Victoria. 45 hours.
Stmr Chehalis. Johnson. 59 hours from Grays
Harbor, bound south, put in to land passen-
Stmr Olmypic. Hansen, 58 hours from Ho
quiair.. *>..,.,
SAILED.
Saturday. October 28.
fctmr Brooklyn. Hansen Mendoctno.
Stmr Porno. RHnfrtsen' Albion
Stmr Celia, Hansen, -Albion. • "'
Stmr Del Nort*. Reed. Crescent City.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— MaiIed Oct 2*— Bark Louisiana,
.for Newcastle; riror Robert Dollar for Seattle
Br stmr CoDtic fir Yokohama.
DOSIESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 28— Ship Slat
of France, hence Oct 10. Sailed— Bark Jamet
Nesmith. for Sar FYanclsco. .
ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr San
Pedro, hence Oct 25: achr E B Jackson, hence
Sept 25.
SKATTLE— SaiIed Oct 28— Stmr laqua for
San Francisco.
PORT TOWN SEND— Sailed Oct 28— Bi
stmr Beckenham, for Shanghai.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Fr bark Lt. Rochejaqueleln, from Swan- j
sea— On At'g JB. off Cape Horn, In a heavy 8
SW sale,' while •eeflng the .lower foresail. J.
Huchutt. aged 20 years, a' native of France,
fell off the foreysird and "was drowned.
d::ed at sea.
On board the bark Servia, two Chinamen.
One on Oct 10, the other on Oct 16, and wert
buried at sea.
OUTSIDE. BOUND IN, 12 MIDNIGHT.
Schr For.tuna, »chr Alpena. schr Benaet
Brof. >v
FLOW OF CALIFORNIA HI VISUS.
The following table gives a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain 'California rivers in cubic feet per
tecond. or second feet. The figures for the
last year may b«i revised by later measure
ments. The figures - are -by \V. B. Clapp,
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
KINGS RIVER. NEAR SANGER.
Second Feet.
DATE. .
1904. j 1905. "
October 15 2070 ' 130
October 16....: 1870- ISO
October 17....... l(J40 130 '
October 18 I.MO 148
October 13 1430 148
October 20 1350 HJS
October 21.... 1350 165
SACRAMENTO RtVER. NEAR RED BLUFF.
(Second Feet.
: .— _
1904. I 1905.
October 16... I 13.040 I f1.170
October lfl I 11,870 I "5.170
October 17 ....(• 11.2C5 | 6,170
October 18 9.895 5,170
October 19 9.275 v 6.170
October 20 8.810 ,5,170
October 21....... .......... 8.500 5,170
TULB RIVER. I NEAR PORTERVILLE.
;--\u25a0'. Second Feet.
October 15.... ".".".;......... 70 " 15
October 16.. 64 15 ;
OctoK-r 17 ..*.... 58 . 15
October IS ' *52 15.
October 19 47 I 15
October 20 .............. _ 42 I 15
October 21..: .......... .42 | 15
TUOLUMNE RCJVER AT "LA GRANGE.
I Second Feet. '
DATE. ', j 1 : —
. . - . ' 1904. ) 1905. "
! October 15 4073 80
October 16..... 2706 30
October 17........;........ .2116 30
October 18. ; -..; • 1815 40-,
October 19... 1770 :"45 >
October, 20 1698 60
October 21 :." \ 1020 50 •
. TELX.URIDE, O)lo., . Oct. . 28.— Carlos Del
sasso. a miner, shot his wife, his ' four months
old . babe and himself to-day. \u25a0 The baby, is
dead, tbe man is dyinp. but the woman : Is ex
pected to recover. Delsasso and' his' wife had
quarreled and he was Intoxicated when he did
the «hoctta*V
rHE"v; SAN. FRANCISCOVGALL, vvSUNDAY, .OGTGBER '20, 1905.
MISS STRATTON WINS
A COLLEGE HONOR.
WRITES CURTAIN '- RAISER FARCES
BERKELEY, Oct. 23.— Tha honor <n"
writing the curtain raiser, which .will be
produced by the junior class as a prelimi
nary to the junior farce on December. 1
has been awarded to Miss Cornelia Strat
ton.
The committee of juniors appointed to
select both farce and curtain raiser gave
the preference to-day to the work of Miss
Stratton. Four manuscripts were submit
ted. Miss Stratton's play was found to
provide excellent material for fun mak
ing, of the. brisk, snappy sort that is de
manded In a colleee farce. 0
Miss Stratton's farce Is entitled " "The
Affairs of. Some Dooks." The scene is
laid^lfua Parls'art gallery,- and the situa
tions are - described as novel, while the
lines scintillate .with wit. : . . .- V.
The young student author Is a daughter
of Collector of the Port F. S. Stratton,
and is prominent in class and sorority af
fairs. She Is a member of the*MaskJuid
Dagger Dramatic Society, and of "the
Prytanean Society, .which also has dram
atic productions as its reason for exist
ence. Her sorority membership is in the
Kappa Ali>ha Theta.
LADY MAITLAND
VISITS AMERICA
Viscount ; s Wife Will Paint
Portraits of Members of
the President's Family
LONDON. Oct. 28.— Lady" Maitland, who
is again visiting. In America, accompanied
this time by her husband., Viscount Malt
land, has received several handsome com
missions for miniature paintings to be
executed during her stay on the other
side of the Atlantic. I have it on the
best authority that among them are or
ders from President Roosevelt for, pic
tures of his wife, his eldest daughter,
Miss Alice Roosevelt, and. other.: members'
of his family— in all six portraits.
Lady Maitland Is an accomplished min
iature painter whose success can in no
wise be attributed to her rank. Her por
traits of pretty women especially have
been greatly admired and have been ex
hibited in the Royal Academy. She Is
proficient In several of the lesser arts,
trims hats, designs gowns, and excels In
the tasteful arrangement of interiors.
It Is necessity that impels her to make
money by painting miniatures. Viscount
Maitland is one of : the comparatively
"hard up" members of the" , British peer
age, but for all that he and his charming
wife have always managed v to:keep in the
front rank of London society. She' Is a
tall, slender, graceful woman,' with that
much admired shade of . reddish hair
which not a few less fortunate memberb
of the fair sex seek to- acquire by arti
ficial means. ' Lord Maitland Is big and
burly, and. is regarded "as a thoroughly
good fellow by his friends. He ranked at
one time as. the . best amateur .: pho
tographer In England,' but since" -he has
opened a studio in Sloans street he Is now,
classed as a professional. He never made
any secret of his desire to make money,
out of his camera/and as the aristocracy!
takes sensible views of such' matters
nowadays he can do it without ' losing
caste. \u25a0 My latest" memory of Lord Mait
land Is seeing him In an art gallery, .the'
day before /a private view, working "hard
in his shirt sleeves, arranging his own
photographic exhibit on the walls. -.
He and Lady Maitland are" both'greatly
Interested in Christian -; science. One "of
the merits claimed; for. that; form ;"of ifalth
Is that it I? peculiarly efficacious- in mak
ing its devotees contcnUd with small ln
: comes. -. _ -'.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 ]r , \ ~ ';
Fatal ...Trolley-. Car -Accident.
LOS ANGELES., Oct. 28.*— -Three per
sons were Injured, one of them fatally,
In a collision' between .a. car ; ; of the
Newport line .'of the tPaciflc Electric
Railway to-night and a f urniture f van
atTAclla station:. Injured:
' "''EDWARD , CARTER,,, driver of the
furniture. wagon;, fractured skull, frac
ture of " the '\u25a0 lower jaw and internal i In
juries;^ will die. . . : \u25a0 :
• w;- HOGAN, motorman, severe bruises
H. W. HOGAN. motorman,'. severe
bruises to left legfand side. '•
J. J. BENNER,' express agent for. Wells,
Fadgo & Co., Internal* Injuries. .
The wagon which! Carter \u25a0 was driving
was struck squarely "byj the c - car,^ which
was running , at a rapid ; rate.*^ The ; man
•wa« i thrown high ; In \u25a0 the ; airj and \u25a0 alighted
some dlßtance i away, striking;- his • head
against a. telephone \u25a0 polei. One ot a the
i , horses was killed.V ; "\ • -.
, UNIVERSITY STUDENT WHO HAS
WRITTEN CURTAIN-RAISER FOR
THE JUNIOR FARCE.
GRETNA GREEN
AGAIN TO FORE
Run away Marriages Across
Border Once More Grow
Popular, in Great Britain
EDINBURGH. Oct. 28.— Gretna Green,
the little Scotch village just-across the
border from Cumberland, Is witnessing a
revival of the weddings which made it
famous In the romantic days .of yore.
One Peter Dlxon, a carpenter, Is playing
the role of the blacksmith of tradition,
and so well does it pay. him that he has
abandoned his trade to devote himself ex
clusively, to the tying of nuptial knots
for couples who are In a hurry to, get
"spliced."
Dixon was seen In a public house,. the
center of an admiring throng of. villagers.
Ho la a good type, of the canny Scot, of
middle Bge, with shrewd eyes, 'iron gray
hair and a mouthY screened by a full
beard that can well keep Its owner's own
counsel. He was not at all adverse to
drinking at a stranger's expense, v but not
even Scotch whisky, that most potent en
courager of loquacity, could Induce him
to bo communicative about his singular
occupation. •
"I don't want anything published In the
papers about my business,','; he said. t:
"But publicity would Increase your busi
ness." was suggested, ".- ,',.-.'. \u25a0
. "It might,", he admitted, ."but it might
also increase competition, and _ I don't
want any other folks setting up in the
same line here. There ain't any more In
it than just keeps me going comfortably,
and as I started it, I think I'm, entitled
to all there is in. it."
"Are you a -minister?" was asked. \
"No, I ain't," he answered; "You don't
have, to be a parson to i marry folk; in
Scotland. I can 'tie 'em together just as
hard and fast as any minister In , the" land.
If you are thinking or: getting; married, 1 ,
young man, just fetch along. the girlarid
I'll: do the Job for' you. You'll find i it'll
costiyou a lot more than Icharge you to
get it undone." / \u0084 ,
'i Under Scotch; law a marriage; can: be
celebrated anywhere and ; at any. hour,' "of.
the day or oight. \ for the ceremony, in its
simplest form consists merely In'a couple
agreeing before witnesses to* take ; each
other for husband :'and wife. One of the
contracting parties -is required- to have
resided in Scotland 'for twenty-one days
before the marriage, ; but ]it is doubtful . if
steps are" taken Tto compel 'proof : of - that;
though l the enactment -was \u25a0-" especially,
aimed -at": the old .runaway .Gretna Green
matches; ;,' From ; Dixon's i offer ,to marry
the .writer offhand . It would -; seem* - that ; he
does" not bother ; himself much about \u25a0\u25a0 -the
matter. "'?\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0. V- v "- > \u25a0'-..\u25a0 \u25a0: [-'\u25a0- '\u25a0'. " 7: '\u25a0'. '-' • \u25a0 : 'j--^ "\u25a0
It was ascertained byj'lnqulry In the vil
lage that 'in .the course ; of ; the preceding
wt-ek Dixon had *. married "a "; half-dozen
couples, c, but ; it \ is ; probable that '^ most; of
the loving J swains \. were '; attracted"^ more
[byithe romantic! associations of theTplace
andUhe' unconventional formlof -marriage
than • by,- any necessity. . f or :" defeating i the
machinationa of J hostile ' relatives. '>. Most
of ; these modern" Gretnaj Green weddings
take place' at 'Dixon's own: home) : a small
tenement In the main street of the , village,"'
but ;those Vwho ; want \u25a0\u25a0 a *; little • 'more /style
have the : ceremony Z performed at " the
Queen's ; Head : HoteLi'C . ' ; V.V- v
.V Dlxon. keeps *a marriage register, which
he "declines to show ; to" any .'one. ";' Nor^will ,
he (tell .what his ; fees are.v.' He Is no t r glv
ing'.away; any "of the secrets of .his '.'busi
ness"."'.. ' ."'":':'"\u25a0 ,"\u25a0.'•"\u25a0•;\u25a0,. >".-~--.'* ; .'-':"'.'. -,;*
It is just about half a century /since the
PRISON BOARD
HOLDS MEETING
Recommends Pardon for
Paroled Convict and On
for Aged Mexican Murderer
VALLEJO MAN SUFFERS
Mis behaves Himself While
Out on a Permit and Now
Must Serve Full Term
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN, Oct. £S.— The Board of
Prison Directors veld' its monthly
meeting here to-day. Directors Dev-.
lin, Ford, Felto"n and Wilkins were
present. The ' forenoon was taken up
with the consideration of routine busi
ness and matters pertaining to the new
work about to be commenced. The
afternoon session- was a' short one. at
which many applications for . parole
were considered. .
The board recommended to Governor
Pardee that a pardon be granted to
"Joe" Harveston, who was sent here in
IS9S to serve a fourteen-year sentence
for; mayhem. He was paroled two
years ago and is now. a member of the
Board of Trade of Santa Crua.
In response to a communication from
tht: Governor" asking 'whether the
board would recommend the pardon of
J. J. Alvarez, a Mexican subject, who
has served twenty-five years of a life
sentence' for murder committed in San
Diego, the board answered in the-af
firmative.. Dr. Plutarco Ornelas. the
Mexican Consul, has interested him
self In' the old man's case. If par
doned he will be sent to Mexico to: his
friends.
The board approved the estimates
and plans for changing the fire and
bathing system from fresh to sail
water, the approximate cost being
?S4OO. It also ordered Ihe printing of
the schedules for supplies to be 'ad
vertised for. The bids will be adver
tised for when the ' schedules are
printed. . . . • -Sv^'
James M. Oliver was re-elected, clerk
of the prison for a term of four years,
commencing with September 15, 1903.
Michael Stokes, serving a twenty
year sentence for robbery committed
in Siskiyou in IS3S was paroled. A. J.
Mi'llen, the. San Jose Deputy Tax Col
lector who embezzled J2400 and is
serving a three-year, sentence, also was
paroled.
William J. Stan ton and Frank Hayes,
who broke their -paroles and were re
turned to prison, were deprived of their
credits, earned arid unearned. Stanton
Is- serving a twenty-five-year- sentence
for murdering his mistress in -Vallejo.
A ftfr ''. serving nine years he was
paroled, although there was strong ob
jection raised. Since his release he. has
abused the parole law and now lie has
to serve fifteen years and seven months
'more. He has lost nine years and nine
months.' credits by disobeying the law.
Director Felton. after making a close
inquiry into the proposed change in
visiting days, \u25a0 introduced a resolution
making each Saturday visiting , day
and allowing a visitor to see a convict
friend or relative only once a month.
The board adopted the resolution. As
it now stands convicts can see their
relatives or friends on Saturday Instead
of tli'e first and third Sunday of the
month and parties can go through the
prison on Thursdays. The board ; de
cided that Sunday was a bad day . for
.visitors, as there \u25a0is always a large
number of undesirable visitors on that
day, w-ho disobey. the rules and act un
becomingly.
little Dumfries village of Gretna Green
fell, back into the native obscurity \u25a0 out,of
4 whlch a most singular fortune had tem
porarily dropped it, and from which it
is, now again emerging. Up to the year
1754. there was no need for a couple of
English lovers to be scampering off to
Scotland to get married. Ever sine* the
Reformation had repudiated the Council
of Trent, and most of Its doings, English
practices in the matter of marriages had
been growing more and more lax and ir
regular. To put . an end to the scandal
the Marriage Act of 1754 was passed. IC
required ? all: persons except Jews and
Quakers to get married, If at all. in- a
Church of " England and according to
the Church of England, ritual.
A great many people resented the nev/
law and as it did not apply to Scotland,
the most obvious way . to escape It was
to flit across the border. "„ But flight was
not always easy. Numerous stories were
told of sensational chases, of broken down
vehicles, of barricaded roads, and of the
horses of pursuing carriages being shot
to give gay Lotharios in front just time
to get over the bridge into the land of
liberty. When the names of .great lords
and ladles began to be mixed ,up with
such romances, weddings at Gretna Green
began to be almost as fashionable as are
now those > at : St. „ George's,' Hanover
Square.
Fifty such marriages In the course, of
a month ' were by no means ; unusual at
one time. Among :the earliest recorded
marriages at Gretna was' that of Richard
Avnell Edgworth who, in -..the -course of
his eccentric career, married four wives,
6ne of , them a deceased wife's sister, and
had nineteen children, among them. Maria
Edgworth, the novelist. .Then followed
several . lords, among> whom were I Broug
ham, Eldon, \u25a0 \u25a0 Dundonald and Erskine, be
sides many scions of noble and- disthv
guished houses. • . .
The little .village to which
these infatuated folk': made a dash, some
of them with indignant -parents and
"uardians at .their heels, , is a , dull little
iplacefatthe head'of the Solway Firth,
about tetv miles northwest: of Carlisle.
Theirallway. drops its. passengers there
now, but \u25a0in its palmy days of romance
panting young "couples; sped . furiously
along the road through the fir plantations
and~; o ver > the '\u25a0 "i dreary bog and • pea t, in
earlier '; days the scene of so 'many des
l perate; encounters between Picts and
I Northumbrians.
I - Until 1826 ; these marriages ; were mostly
conducted . at the little ; tollhouse. / Who
first officiated seems to ! bo doubtful, \u25a0 and
the. only .? reason ,; \ for ; supposing that a
blacksmith - had anything to do with it
( is> the 'existence s'of the 'tradition. Itself.
If' The = first \u25a0 marriage of which ; any, record
! exists 'was conducted- by /John ' Paisley,
a tobacconist; TBut, there -is a legend
that ? Paisley ", himself (was - initiated by .' a
i Solway .'"fisherman. :'At- one -time there
were four r establishments . in' which these
irregular/ ceremonies were. conducted.;, One
John i Lin ton/ dissatisfied with " this state
liof tiffalrs, made a^bold bid fora monopoly
! of the '*• swell -portion "'\u25a0 of ; , the; matrimonial
\patroriagel by, "building Gretna , Hall,"' a
large ; square hotel , with Ca ',. special bridal
: chamber :. sumptuously : ; fitted- up. :\u25a0 ; ln this
r apartnient;*i the - proprietor,, officiated land
i his -son after. him; until.the runaway mar-;
r rlage' business ;decllried!toVsuch, an extent
ithat ' it £ceased|to ; be profitable.* \u25a0 "' v , ; - r
',' Peter!: Dixon"; will { never; su cceed . In " mak
ing! it 'anything: like" what] itT used ; to be.
STUDENT HURT
IN LABORATORY
xplosion That Follows Ex
periment With Chemicals
Throws Acid on Sophomore
BURNED ABOUT HEAD
Throws Hands Up in Front
of Face and Prevents the
Acid From Touching Eyes
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 23.—
W. T. Young, a sophomore registered
in the department -of physiology, was
severely burned in the chemistry lab
oratory this afternoon while perform
ing an experiment in generating
hydrogen. The explosion threw acid
over his whole body, burning hl3
clothes and scorching his face and hair.
A'oung "was fortunate- in receiving no
injury to his ej-ts.- He saved his optics
by throwing his hands up so that his
face was partly shielded from the dead
ly fluid. Young was taken to the Guild
Hospital in Palo Alto at once. A report
from the hospital to-night says that
he is resting easy. Young is a. member
of the Theta Delta Chi fraternity.
ENGLAND PttEFEKS
THE FEMALE ANGEL
Takes Up the Discussion Be
gun in the United
States.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
LONDON, Oct. 2S.— Few of the monu
ments in St. Paul's Cathedral and
Yv'estminster Abbey would escape muti
lation if it were decided to emulate the
example of the ecclesiastical authori
ties of the Cathedral of St. John the
Divine, New York, and exclude female
angel.. Most of. those that appear in
the two famous Valhallas of England,
offering laurel wreaths and other con
solatory emblems to prostrate heroes,
are of the feminine persuasion. ..
Whatever, may be, the opinions of
ecclesiologists as , to whether or no
there is scriptural sanction for It, there
can be no doubt that the glorified
woman with pinions Is the popular type
of angel in England.
The controversy regarding . the sex
of angels, which Signorßorgium's de
struction of his rejected statuary has
precipitated on the other ?. side. ha 3
aroused keen interest here.
"Angels," says one artist. who makes
a specialty,of them, "should.- be regard
ed as a distinct order; of beings, not as
human beings promoted, to .a. higher
state, . and therefore it is not at all
illogical to regard them as sexless.
Artists have always' found a- difficulty
in depictinga satisfactory angel. It is
hot easy to combine the virile strength
and power of the masculine character
with the gracefulness, the refinement
and the spirituality of the feminine.
There are very; few artists* living or
dead whose types of : angels are con
vincing; To my mind Botticelli is far
more successful with, his angels than
any other artist, and he has combined
the two natures in an exquisite blend.
The correct angel nowadays is quite
sexless."
The sexless v angel represents, a com
promise. Most of the clerics here who
have been interviewed on the subject
stand out for unmistakable masculine
angels and repudiate the feminine type
utterly as contrary, to scripture. But
as long as most folk prefer the female
angel on mortuary monuments, female
angels will continue to be produced.
It is not likely, however, that any more
of them will be added to the collections
in St. Paul's and Westminster Abbpy
for the reason that here Is no more
room for them.
PRISO.VERS DO GOOD WORK.
MAYFIEL.D. Oct. 28.— 50 successful
has the Santa Clara County branch jail
at the old cuarry near here become
that the number of. sliort-term prison
ers from San Jose has been Increased
from twelve to twenty-eight. The
crushed rock Is being hauled by team
sters for the roads.
TO T.M.K ON' SANITATION".
PALO ALTO. Oct. 28. — Dr. W. F.
Snow of Palo Alto, professor of hy-
Klene'at Stanford University, went to
San Francisco to-dayi where he will
address the California Public Health
Association."* His subject will be, 'San
itation."
====/\RTISTIG HOMES =
OAKLAND- BERKELEY fa the Santa Fe Tracts
;rr-** r - *-"-::' ' . "V ' ' ;""• K '">T&\ I * l *i li: y:-*. l 'Tr^;."''^";. l ;'\u25a0 *
-." . " •• -'-o " < - > - - C
\u25a0- "\u25a0.\u25a0:*\u25a0\u25a0: \u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 . \u25a0:\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0" \u25a0 \u25a0-..\u25a0".\u25a0.-- -^ \u25a0-\u0084-\u25a0 .^^,'-. :.-,.-' , -.- \u25a0 " -. \u25a0 \u25a0•"+,••\u25a0+• --fly \u25a0:\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0--\u25a0-. \u25a0:.\u25a0 t \u25a0\u25a0-.\u25a0>-"-^;-. > \u25a0:•»,\u25a0\u25a0 „\u25a0 •-..»..\u25a0\u25a0 \* w .* \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0. \u25a0 *\u25a0\u25a0» * •&&*^'*l±--{ *££»,& s
CUT OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON
, *««<«» *,*.* • * * •\u0084* ••••m»m •••%••%» ••»>•»»\u25a0 \u2666»<«»»» »••«\u25a0»
f -• -• ' \u25a0 "5 •JTi'^-'T- V. ii.O i. j • • \u25a0 -\u2666-• \u2666
I O rt =« v O-s rttr K*B R*H ° - I
! B *'"° " V"« 3 ,"S ; Bis '. "c aa • *
;: « f^^.^ ii ' 5 " sij
: l \u25a0'' aoi?«o'(ic oa:':Js -- < mm- \u25a0 • .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0*>,
I *JR^«MMHBBns«»-- - \u25a0 - -Hl^ ' •
"--\u25a0-- — •- - - -.-•: _ : \u25a0 . • :_: _- J" - _ _ _ _ _ _- •• _\u25a0 *_''
LIBERTY SWEET
TO A JAILBIRD
Petty Larcenist forking in
Eock Crushing Gang Males
Daring* Break for Freedcn
HIDING IN THE HILU
Farmers, Fearing for Lives;
Go -With Sheriff's Posse in
Pursuit of the Criminal
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO. Oct. 28. — Word was re
ceived here to-night that a prisoner
said to be Frederick Jorgeland. a
Swede, had "escaped from the Branch
County Jail near Mayfleld this after
noon and is now In hiding In the hills
back of Stanford University. The moun
tain ranchers are greatly alarmed and
many of them Joined the Sheriffs pos3o
now on the escape's trail. Warden In
verness of the branch Jail, with Dep
uty Sheriff Xewton Wilson of San Jose
and- Constable Forsha of Mayneld are.
patrolling the mountains and anxiously
seeking a trace of the fugitive. The
remaining prisoners in the. branch jail
are wild with excitement and are
guarded «with an extra detail of armed
men.
Jorgeland." It is said, was ' sentenced
from San Jose last week for stealing; a
suit of clothes. He was serving: a sen
tence of'l2o days. He escaped throash
the negligence of the guard over the'
prisoners who are working on a' rock
crusher near the branch JalL . Jorgeland
Is a desperate character and It la fear
ed he will commit serious crime to pre
vent capture. z ~"+!.\~'<
FALLS OVER EMBAXKMEXT.
'ALAiIEDA. Oct. 28. — A. J. Ruggles.
the aged father-la-law of Augttatlne J.
Hotchklss of 2930* Encinal avenue. '»11
over an embankment of Sausal Creek,
near Frultvale, last night and suffered
a fracture- of the right leg-*n.t the
ankle. Ruggles was Journeying from
his home in Amador County to visit
his son-in-law here and by ml3take
took the Seventh-street local train at
the Oakland mol© Instead of t;ie A!:i
medu local. After leaving the rieventh
street train at Frultvale. he was on
his way to catch an electric car for*
Twenty-third avenue, when ha tumbled
Into Sausal Creek.
SIXTE PICOT PASSES AWAY.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 2S.— Slxte Picot of the
firm of Coustler & Picot and a promi
nent member of the local French col
ony succumbed la3t • night v to tjrpfcoid
pneumonia after an Illness of three
weeks. He was a native of France.- 45
years of age and unmarried and the
brother of Mrs. M. Coustler, wife of
his associate in business. His fu .era)
will take place Monday morning: at 10
o»ck ftom St. Joseph's Cluircb..
BUILD I.\'G FLAXS ACCEPTED.
. PALO ALTO. Oct. 28. — Architect 11. T,
Starbuck , of San Francisco has com
pleted the plans for the new Masonio
Temple and -they have been- accepted
by 'the 'organization. They call for an
expenditure of about $40,000. "The
building will be three stories -high ami
will be built of buff sandstone- and
pressed brick.
CADETS GIVE BALL.
PALO ALTO. Oct. 2S. — Company T.
League of the Cross Cadets, held ;i
very successful military ball at Mul
len's Hall here last night. "Member*
of this company from Menlo Park,
Mayfleld and Palo Alto conducted th*
affair.
Tomatoes and Pumpkin* Uniunakri!.
In the lowly tomato lurks an enemy
to the senses, the golden pumpkin leadi jj
a double life . and the watermelon j|
in its luscious breast bears a thunder
bolt. These horrible facts are revealed
by a news message from Oklahy.n-;
which tells. that "a farmer living nean
Prague" has made whisky from theso
vegetables— by the way. Is a water
melon a vegetable or a fruit? But. any
way, how are we going to , keep thi
pesky lid on if you can make whisky
out of every fruit and vegetable that
grows? Deny a thirsty soul the privi
leges of the common bar and ho will gu
and acquire a" home-made jag of di*.
tressing quality, if ho can get hold of
a vegetable of some kind. — Globe Dem
ocrat. *v : _
\u25a0 a. bee, unladen, will fly forty miles arj
hour, but on» returning to the hive laden •
with honey does not travel faster than
twelve miles an hour.r — ~'- - ' - \u25a0 \u25a0"—- — — r~ — ' -i
I Dry Goods Company.-
\\ See window at Stockton Street entrance j:
! introducing exact tailored men's house |:
I garments^ made under our direction, that ;
j will fit yourself and your finances^ :; :: .;
: SMOKING JACKETS j|
I $5.00, $6.00, $7.50, $8.50, $JO.OO, $12.50 |i
HOUSF COATS '
! $5.00, $6.00, $7.50, $8.50, $10.00, $12.50
LOUNGING ROBES |
$5.00, $6.50, $7.50, $8.50, $10.50
; BATH ROBES
; $5.00, $6.50, $7.50 t $8.50, $10.50 I;
i ' i
; : We will show you brand new 56.50 garments for $5.00, ;:
; with correfponding values in all the prices noted above. \\
Geary and Stockton Streets . . . Union Square \
-•^^Tj^s. Trains le»T« and ar« dv«
ygO^£*^v to arrive at
SAN FRANCISCO.
\\jS^lj I F " BO * «fTOBE* 6. 19C3.
\^ff2rv/ Fwsbt Pkpot
. <Footof Mxrket Street.)
I.xrr- MAIN LINE. -AEEITB
7.'joa Kimin. VncavJlir. Miotf r». Itamtrj 7.48P
7.C0/ki:icU:nond. UenJcla, Sacramento,
&ui*uaanil tTay Stations 7-28p
/-ISAVkUeJo, Kapa, Callatoga, Santa
liosa, Mart:aez. 6aa Kanjoa 6.08p
7-<oANi>s. Plcasaaton. Llvrrmore,
Trucy, Lsttrop. Stockton 7-28p
t.COASlirsia i:xprr»» — tVla Duvli),
>VIl!!tm«. Wlilowa, tFruto. Ked
Biu3. Portland, Tacoma, Seattle. 7-48p
BCoAl>av:». WtMidland, Knlghw Landing.
MaryartlJe. OrovUl* 7<Bp
Anilocli. B/roa, Tracjr,
Ptwkton, Newrrsn, Lcs Baros,
M«sdota. Arinona, Uanford,. . ««_
Visalla. Portervi:ie \ rVg^
*t \u25a0 B.2oAPort Coeta, Lathmp. Merced, Mo- ' * I4BP
Idesto. Fresno. Hunford, Viealia,
BakersfteM 448P
8-40AXJloa.-gan .Jose. Llvermore, Stock-
ton {tMlltnn). Valley Spring.
,* Joae, 6acranircto, Piacerrlile,
C«ir*x. Marysvllle. H«l 81uff.... 4.08P
B-40AO»k(!a!e. Chiaerc. J sines town,
Sonura, Tuolumne and Atgrcls... 4.08P
S-Ooa At!«cUc Kxprese— Ogden and East. 4-28P
9-40Al£UbMond. Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations ('Concord) .... 6-48P
10 20a Yaliejo. Daily. Kepa, 6nnday only 7-48P
10-2QaLos Anprlen Pt »«enger- Port
. Costa. Martlnrt. Byron. Tracy,
Lathrop, bto-:i;ton, Merced,
naymond, Frcoc'), Goshen .1 unc-
tion, Har.ford. L«"tnoore, Vlsalla,
Bakersfleid. Los Angeles 7-GSp
"• B 2C aT.I Z'aao. Kansas Ci'-J, &l. Louis and
CBiCr.go. 7.08 P
11-OOATije overland Limited— Omaha,
Cfclogo. Denver. Kansas City... 6.48P
11.40aK!>s, San Joae and Way Stations. 2-48P
tl.OOPSacramentoTUTerStrmaers tii.OOP
, 3-20prort <.;oBta, Martir.er. Byron, Tracy,
Modesto. Merred, Krrsro 12-CBP
S-ZOPTosfKlte an«l Mtrlr I**1 ** Big Trees,
Mocdaf, Wednesday end Friday 848 a
5-40PBrntcla. "Wlatfrs. Sacransento,
Kntpbti Landing,
Maryniiie and Orovtlle 10.48 a
!<3puv. »»rii. >;.cn. and TTay Stations 7.46P
*4.ooPVallejo. Martlnrx, San Ilamon,
Kapa, Ca'.lttoc*. Santa no«a 9.28 a
4.oopX!]pB. Tracy. Stockton, LoUL 1028 a
4.4op Hazard. Ki!es. lrvlngton, San S t8.48A
Joso, LiTermore J JH.4BA
.SODPTfce owl Limited— Newman, Lo«
. Benoa, Mendota, Fresco, Tulare,
BakcreSeld. Los Acgclet E-48A
E-00PCh!c«?o snd St. Louis Special— El
Paso, Kansas City, St. Louis and
Cnicago 8.48 a
16 -20p Ear ward. Nile* end San Jose 7.08 a
6-20PVallejo, Port Costa, Be&lcla, Sul-
aun, Sacrameato e>.« 11.28 a
! S.OOP Eastern Expresa— Omaha, Cbica^o,
Denver, Kansas City. St. Lonla,
Martinez, Stockton. Eacramento,
Ceao, Eparkt, MontclJo. Ogdea .. 1 2.48 p
6.2oPHaTirard, Kilesand San Jose 9.48 a
7-00Plieao Passfcger— Port Cotta, Be-
Blcla, SuUun. Elmlra, Dlzon,
Davls.Sacraujento. 6park«, Tono-
pah.Oo!dSeld andUeeJer 748 a
. 74)0pVaJleJo, Crockett and Way Sta-
tions, Ecnday only 11.28 a
8-2CP Oregon A. California Express— 6ao-
rasiento. Maryirllle, Bedding,
Portland. Pnget Sound and East. 8.48 a
8-Cop Eayward, N'::et and Ean Jose (Snn-
dayonly)... ~ t11.48A
COAST LINE (Xwro^ Uuge).
(Footcf Market Street.)
t.lsAKewarlc Ceuterviile, San Jose,
Pel ton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations B65l»
tfi.iSPNeWark. Centerrt:ie, San Jose,
New Almaden. LosGatos. Felton,
Boalder Creek. Santa Crax and
Principal Way Btatlors .-. tiO.EEA
4.lBl»Kewark, Saa JoB^ Los Oato» ....•{ j^Jla
S^EpEnntera Train— (Saturday only)
. Ban Jose and Way Stations t7.P9P
COAST LINE (Uroad Utmte).
tST*(Th!rd and 'iciirpsend Streets.)
* 8.10A;S&n Jooe »tU \v»y fctatlons 6-SOp
7^o a Ban Jose and "U*ty Stations 6.40*
' S^JOAKew Almaden (Toes.. Frl, only).. 4,1 Of
C-CCATte Coaster— Ean Jose. Salinas,
Pan Ardo, Paso Bobles, Santa
IJargarlta, San Lets Oblspo.
Onadalcpc, GaTiota, Santa Bar*
Itra, San nnenaTentara,Oxcard,
Barbank, Los Aapeles 10-50 I*
fcCQAGllroy, Holllster. Pajaro, Castro-
\u25a0niJe, Del Monte, PacSnc Grore, • -
Surf, Lomnoc 10-30?
t.CoA6enJote, Tret Pino*. VTatsoaTille, .
Capltolß, Santa Croz; Pacific '
Grove. Salinas. San Loll Obltpo
and Principal Way Statlonj 4.10p
JO-SOASanJaseandway Station*... ' 1.20p
. 1 1^0AS«n Jose and TT*y Station* 7-4CP
2.l6PSan Jose and WayStatloss 8-36 A
3 OCPDei Monte Express— Santa Clare,
Bid Joae, wauonnue. Santa - •*.'.
Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey
PsclficGrore :. 12.16P
tXOOPLos Gatos, Wright. Boulder Creek.
EastaCrcz. via Santa Clara and - \u25a0 .
KerrowGsnge 10.45 a
3-3Cp£ci:th Stn Fraccieco. San Joae, •
Gllroy, HolUste*. Tres P1n05...., 10.46 a
4^op Ban Jose and Way fitatJo&s ........ 1756 A
)5 OOP Santa Clara, San Jose. I-oi Gatos, •'9.00 a
K^OPSanJoseandPrinctpalWiiyStatlons J3.4CA
.».«6PSunsct Err>rr»»— BedTOOd, San..
'\u25a0.:<\u25a0 Jose. Cllror, Salinas, Paao
BoMes, Ean Lais ObUpo. Santa . <
• Barbara, Loi Aogelea, Deming;
ElPMo,Kew Orleans. B4OA
I.<spEl P&so, Kansas City, 6t. Louis,
- \u25a0 Chicago .* B.loa
• IXSPP»3aro, WatsonTllle. Capitol*,
\u25a0 \u25a0 £seta Crtix. Castrorllle, .Del
Monte. Pacific Gr0ve ...'..'.. ...... lO^Op
)&IEPSan Mateo, Eerctford, Beiojpat, -
San Carlos. Bed wood. Fair Oaks,
Jlenlo Park. Palo Alto t6-46A
G3opfian Joae and Way Stations..... ... 6.36 a
ff.Cr'p Palo Alto'und Way Stations ....... 10.15 a
1 1 I0p» >uth San Francl»«v>. SUllbrae. Bor-
llngame, Sau Mateo, Brimoct.
Sao Carloa. Hedwood, Fair Oaks. ,
Mcr.in Park and Pa!« Alto 8-45p
1 1 .SOpEaturdaj-s only lor Mayfl-ld. Moua-
Txin View, Susnyrale. Lawrence,
Eaiitil Clara asd Kan Jo«e ........ 19.45P
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
(Foot oi Market fit.)
1 7.16 A.M. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. 5.16 p.m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
tStmday excepted. 'Sunday only.
(Monday on:y.
f Dally, and stops at s.ll stations on 6aa£ay.
Mt.Tamalpais Railway
*JSSmt^_ Tin mis
r /f^^'V*rthk Leave S. F. S£o a m 1:45 r m
rs&sSißßa Anivt s - F - 10A5 A M 2^<> T - rM
\S^SBbF EITTOXT CUT
Vm^Mf Lv.S.F.4^SPMAr.S.F. 11:25pm
snrain no u.zli eousits
Lv. S. P. 8:25,2^>0,ll:00 AM J .45tm j
• Ar. S. Y. l:ao, 2:55, iiZi, 6.-22 pm ]
TlcirT \ C5O Market ST..(Nbrth Shoreßailroad)
CT7IC3B / and Sausalito ¥km.v/. Foot Market St.
Weekly Call $1 Per Tear
Ohio Dentists.
If we do your dental work It will be
done right; no unsatisfactory work Is al-
lowed to jo out of our office. We want
everybody to be pleased.
V
We bave specialists In every branch.' '
Full set of teeth that stick fast, madt
only by us. $3 per set; gold crowns and
bridge work. $2 50 per tooth; fillings. 50c;
cleansing free.
Painless extraction by air, gaa or by an
application to the gums. . •
OHI3 DENTAL PARLORS,
&50 .Market, cor. Stockton and Kl'.is.
j Hours 9 to 9. Sunday.; 10 to 2.
i —^ — — —^—^ — m '
RAILWAY TKAVEL^^^^^^
JFlfi CALIFORNIA
j jSkS^ V^^ "^"° Q 1^ 8 ? 0 ia Three Days,
: fe^^-fgSiSS^TOM with Dinars and Sleeper.
Santa Fe Trains
7 :30 A. M. 1 For Stockton, Merced, Fresno, Han-
8 :00 P. M. ford. Viisalla. Bakersfleld and
J intermediate points.
9:30 A.M. — California Limited three days ro
Chicago; Mondays and Thursdays.
\u0084 Direct connection to Crand Can-
yon.
9:SO A. M. — Valley Limited, for Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno, Hanford, Vlsalla and
Bakersfleld and Points on the
Sierra Railway.
4 :00 P. M. — For Stockton and Intermediate
points.
8:00 P.M. — Overland Express, for Chicago,
Kansas City, Denver and Grand
Canyon.
TICKET OFFICES.
653 Market street : San Francisco
i Ferry Depot San Frajicisco
1112 Broadway Oakland
i 27 South First street San Jose
CALIFORNIA KORTHWESTEHN RY. Cfl.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Maj-ket Street.
SAX FRAXCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 8:00 a. m.; 12:3 a, 3:30,
6:10. «:30 o. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. »:30 a. m.; 12:33. 3:30. 0:10.
€:30 o. in.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:OS. 7:85. 7:60, .9:20. a. m.;
12:50. 3:40. B:00, 5:20 p. m.
6UNDAT&— 6:OS,B:OO.B :ltt. 9:40 a' m.'; 8:40.
4:50. SKX). g:2O. 6:30 p. m.
Leave 1 In Effect I Arrive
\u25a0an Fran. | Oct. 8. 1905. | - San Fran.
Week I Sun- { Destlna- 1 Bun- I Week
Days. | days. I tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10a1*3:40a
9:00 a 9:30 a Imaelo. 10:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p 8:30 p 6:00 p. 8:20 p
6:10 p 6:10 p 1 :30 p|
9:00 al •.:-oa| '\u25a0 Napa. JH.IQ a.\ 8:40 p
6:1? Pl 6:10 p| | 6:20 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a ' IS :10 a 8:40 a
8 :00 a Novato, 10 :4O a 10 :25 a
6:30 p 9:30 a PeUluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
6:10 p Eanta Rosa. \u25a0
7.30 a ) " 10:40 a 10:25 a
8:00 a! Fulton 7:SOp 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p .'
Windsor
7:30 a 8:00 a Bealdsburs 10:40 a 10:23 a
Lytton
8-8»P 3*»p Oeyservllle 7:30 p 6:20 p
.\u25a0 aoverdale ,
7-36 a! 8:00 al Hoeland 110:40 a|10:25 a
B:Sop| B:Sop| and Uklah: I 7:3Up| 6:20p
- 1 .-.••} \u25a0 Willits and. I I
7:3oaj 8:00*1 Eherwood | 7:30 p[ 6:20 p
7.WV.1 goo ai - 110:40 a|10:23 a
I-:3(>p| 8-30 pl GneraevUle I 7:30, ?| 6:20 p
7-^rtoi R-DOal Sonoma . I 9:10 v] 8:40 a
1110 pl BJIO pl Glen Ellen f 6:00 y\ 6:20 p
7-aOal 8-00 a •'\u25a0'•" '" 10:40 a 10:25 a
8 : 30- S:BOp S Bebastopol J;3op 6:20 p
f.:10pl S:10p - - .
STAGES connect at Green Brae for '* Ban
QaenUn;at Santa Re» for. White l.ulphur
BprlnKs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Eprlnga; at GeyserviUe for Skag-gs
EDrinKS* at Cloverdale- for the Geysern, Boon-
vine and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
BBrtnge. HlsWand Srrlhge. Kolseyvllle. Carls-
bad Ip.inKe.' Soda . Bay. • Lakeport, BarUett
EDrlnca and Lake County Hot Sprint?: at
Tklah for. Vichy Springs, Saratoga Strings,
hue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
T'nrver Lake, Porno. Potter Valley. .-John Day's,
Llerjy's. Kullvllle, Orr's Hot flprtnars. Half-
way House, - Oomptche, HopMns, Mendoclnu
City Fort -ragg, Westport and Uaal; ax WU-
Mt« -'for Hearst and. Sawyers: at Sherwixxl for
v-T Bragr. Cahto. Covelo, Laytonvllle, Cum-
rttoEß, B«U*» Springs, Harris; Hubbard. Frult-
\tT Dyer,- Garbervtlle. Camp 0. Pepper wood,
fccctia nd .ureka. • .. \u25a0"
•\u25a0 .: turdayaad Monday / round-trip ticketn at
"on 0"*0 "* JSa>^-Round-trlp ticket- to all points
beyond Ear. Rafael at \u25a0 half rates. , . .
Ticket office, €50 Market et.. Chronicle build-
\GLEn. * . :- n. x. rtam.
Pen. V<narer. ' Gen. Pass. >.gt--
To SAN RAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY
CAZADERO; Et:,
' Via Nsuialilo Kerry.
SUBUKBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAU3E.
Depart week days and'toundays at 7:00 iex-'
1-lb.tibo. 10:15 and-ll:3B p. m...
For Fairfax, week. days-r-7:45 a. m. 3:13 p.
m Saturdays only). 5:» P- m. dally exc»pt
Ka'urday and Sunday; Sundays and holldayi —
7v*s 8-10 11 \u25a0** *•• m - 1:«5 p. m. ;
7.43. w./u. THRCCGH TRAINS.
7-45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way statloi a/
8:15 P- m - Saturdays only— For Cazadeio.
tl %-\i p. m. dally <except Saturday and Sin»-
A^yt—Tor Point Reyes, etc
TICKET OFFICE— 63O Market St.
VKJtKT— Union Desot. foot of Market st, '\u25a0
THE SAN FRANGISGO GALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 29, :1905.
CROOK RESUMES
WORK AT ONCE
Forger Henry St. Clair Ou
bridge, Ont of Prison Three
Weeks, Is" Again Arrested
TIMES TO PASS CHECK
Selects as His Victim His
Good Friend Charles 'Mont
gomery, Convict Eeforiner
Henry St. Clair Oubridge, a notorious
forffer, was arrested yesterday after
noon by Policeman McMurray, having
resumed his criminal vocation, though
released from Folsom penitentiary only
three weeks ago. On leaving the peni
tentiary Oubrhlge came to this city and
went to the hotel of Charles Montgom
ery, the convict reformer- and philan
thropist, on Second street. On Friday
he gave Montgomery -a* check for $500
on the San Francisco National Bank,
indorsed ,by him and- purporting to
bear the signature of Hooper & Jen
nings, wholesale grocers on Front
street, in payment, for his board and
lodging. He expected that Montgomery
would give him the balance in cash;
But Montgomery called at the flrm'i
warehouse- \u25a0 yesterday .morning and
learned that the firm's signature had
been forged. He notified the police and
Oubridge was arrested by Policeman
McMurray. He will be with
attempting to pass a forged check un
less it may develop that he hai forged
and passed checks on other people,'
when the more serious charge of for
gery would be 'made against him.
Oubridge came into prominence here
in 1892 by posing as the son of an
English nobleman. He cut a wide
swath In the red light district and his
career was cut, short by his arrest on
a charge of forgery. He was tried and
convicted and sentenced to serve three
years in San Quentin. On November 20,'
189", he was sentenced to serve six
months in the County Jail on a charge
of passing a fictitious check. He next
appeared in Oakland, where he caused
quite a stir by again posing as the son
of a nobleman till he was arrested for
forgery and on April 8, 1899, he was
sentenced to serve ten years in Folsom
penitentiary. "While serving his six
months' term for passing a fictitious
check he was employed as a "trusty" In
the City Prison.
WO3Fx\N SAYS UMPIRE
EMBEZZLED HER PIN
"Slats" -Davis Is Arrested and
Released on His Own
Recognizance.
Miss Bee Frances Rose, who'keeps a
lodging-house at 624 Geary street, ap
peared before Police Judge Mogan yes
terday and swore to a complaint
charging J. Ira Davis, the baseball um
pire, familiarly known to the fraternity
as "Slats," with felony embezzlement.
She 'said she had known Davis for
many years, and on tJctober N l, while
they were dining together at Tait's he
took a diamond stickpin valued at $75
from the neck of her dress. She. did
not miss it at the time, but when she
did she accused Davis of taking it and
asked him for its return. She alleges
he did not deny taking it, and said,
"Never mind, kid; I'll wear it for a
while and gfve it to you back all
right." \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0.
She said she had made demands for
its return since that time, but Davis
refused to part with it. "It isn't the
first thing he has taken from me during
the years I have known him," said Miss
Rose, "and it is about time, to call a
halt." , \u25a0
Davis was arrested after the game,
but immediately released on his own
recognizance. A big husky j cop was |
waiting throughout the struggle to
pinch the Indicator man, yet he went
about his business as though nothing
was wrong.
Davis said he bought the stone from
a friend in an Ellis-street saloon ' last
May and later sold it back. Davis- said
that shortly after he was married ha .
saw the Jewel In a Portland loan office
and again purchased it, paying $13 50. ,
He denies having taken it from the '
woman and insists' that a mistake has >
been made. . \u25a0 i
POLICE COMPLAIN ALLEGED
ROBBER'S VICTIM IS INSOLEXT
Prank D. Hushes Declares He was
• Held Up and $200. In Gold
Taken From Him.
Dr. Jerome A. Hughes, 1821 Eddy
street, called at the O'Farrell-street
police station 1 about 1:30 o'clock yes
terday morning and reported that his
brother, Frank D., living at 1304 Ma
sonic avenue, had been - held up and
robbed at Waller street and Masonic
avenue. . <
Policemen Doherty. Hurley, Mylar
and Maas were detailed to make an
investigation. They found j Frank
Hughes in the kitchen of his house
and when he was asked about the al
leged hold-up he replied that it was
none of their business and he did not
know what they wanted in his house,
as he had not sent for them. Finally
he said the footpad had struck him on
the head with a revolver and had taken
$200 in gold from his pockets. The
only description he could give of the
robber was that he wore a light- cap,
was about 5 feet 8 inches tall and of
stout build.
Hughes had a contusion on hiß fore
head and his ear was lacerated. The
policemen reported that he was under
the influence of liauor and very inso
lent in his demeanor. They searched
the neighborhood, but could find no
trace of a footpad.:
SXEAK THIEVES CONTINUE TO
ADD TO LIST OF CRIMES
Police ' Receive the Complaints of
Those Who Have Been Made Vic
tims ot Petty Thefts^
J. Riley reported to the police yes
terday that his room in the Reno' House
had been entered and clothing } and a
i watch chain stolen. , i
S. A.Ostl, a guest at the Winchester
Hotel, reported that his gold watch
and chain w;ere taken from; his , pock
ets at the Presidio. . ,; . .
Mrs. O. E. Brady, 3417 Twenty-fourth
street, reported that two, large terra
cotta flower pots containing ; , palms
were stolen from her front: steps. ;. ,'{'. y
A toolhouse of .the 1 Board ; of ;Works
at Sixteenth and Da . Haro streets .was
entered and four pairs of rubber.; boots
and three oil coats valued; at $28 50
stolen. - • ,\u25a0 •
The • police have .been notified • that i a
number of vacant I. houses "and /.flats
throughout . the city •\u25a0; have 1 been: visited
and theelectric lighters and. other elec
tric appliances '.'- stolen.' r \u2666The ; flats <": at
1554, 1660, and \ 1666: Buchanan 'street
were visited ? on, Friday. .' Chief ..Dlnan
has V instructed J policemen ;:; :s 'pn V,; whose
beats thfcre are. va.cant, houses, to\watch
them * closely and 1 arrest ;'any one; seen
loitering : around \ them. > -\u0084 -\u25a0 ..-._••
* I /HIS is an age when if keeps us on the jump to keep
* r in touch^ and watch ,\ the changes in styles, but as
we are well= versed in clothes' arid have our factory ,back
of us, we can, turn put' just' what the seasons and
changes in • styles • demand; and ; so the reason of our
variety in swagger styles and effects; 'Jt i
Below we mention a few of .our creations :
PADDOCK SUITS . . . .. $15.00 and up
NEW BLOUSE^SUITS . V $13.50 and up
NOVELTY ETONS ... . $18.50 and up
FROCKS AND FRILLS .. --$17.50 and up
JACKET SUITS ...... $16.50 and up
BOX SUITS . . . ... .';. . $12.50 and up
: LONG COAT SUITS ... $15 00 and up
'\u25a0\u25a0 You will cry halt when we have shown you these
varieties and styles at such low prices, for the array
will have bewildered you. . : ,*'"
Oof Cloak and Suit Department will continue their special
sale this week in tnree-quarter coats at \u25a0 unusually low values j
also in the furs, where we have a great variety of the. new
styles, consisting; of stoles/ four-in-hands and boas.
1230-1232-1234 HARKET STREET
That* Bank Book
will look much larger if you become accus-
tomed to visiting our shop on Monday, for
remember the first business day of every
week is our, sales day, and you can save 35
per cent when dealing with us.*
•W\u25a0• i •": — — — — j ' .•: •
? Mortday Specials \
$22.5^^»; Suits, Cardinal and Blue^vui ; : s'l7.sQi
$J 8.50 Box Suits/ Scotch Tweed MixturesC: : 6 'if£»'s'&-
$25.00 Eton Suits, all shades^ ; V . . ... $20.00
$12.50 Tan /Three-Quarter fcovert Coat . . $ *8.50
1 1 42- 1 1 46 Market Street N
People Reported Mlsalne*
The police have been notified of the
'disappearance of the following per
sons: jQhn Healy Jr., 20 years of age,
missing eince August 31 from 2123
Chestnut street: ' Frank S. Grant, 31
years of age, missing since October -24
from 429 A Tehama street; Mrs. Louisa
Epstein, 34 years of age, missing, with
her baby boy, from 313 Sixth street
since October, 23. and James Marshall,
3Q years of \u25a0 age, missing from 367
Jessie street since October 8.
Say Davfa Codicil la Genuine.
A. S. Osborn'of Rochester and /W. J.
Kinsley of New York, among the most
widely known handwriting experts in
the United States, are at, the St Fran
cis. .They have come to testify in the
contest of the codicil of the will of the
late Samuel Davis. Both express, the
opinion that the codicil is genuine.
DIAMGNPS
Valued at
$1,865,425.00
Duplicated to date in California alone
by the
. SapphDiamond
This gem. 13 constructed not on a
cheap principle,' but by science' 3 only
practical, method to produce HARD-
NESS and in otder to bring out its
beautiful; iridescent properties the gem
is cut by diamond workers exactly the
same as : the genuine.' On \u25a0 exhibition
side by side of real gems, without elec-
tric lights. \u25a0 Handsome booklet on. re-
quest. ,
(Exclusive "Western Palace.)
"World's Greatest Diamond Imitator.
iIOHN C DAVIDSON
134 Kearay St.. San Franclaco.
\u25a0 v AMUSEMENTS. \u25a0. .'\u25a0\u25a0..:'\u25a0
ryiocfpiu.
JUMIji 9 ft O Oy ST. MJUBOVfi MASON
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2«30.
" -Grand Double : Farewell Concert by
HUGO HEERMANN
..'\u25a0-':, ; : ; v - VIOLINIST 1 '
HAROIS^BAUER
V *,: :-""•'"; "pianist'- ' : -
Beethoven's Kreutzer Sonata. ' Caesar' Franck's
: - Sonata in F : and c Brilliant : Solo Num- ;
'• \u25a0, by Both \u25a0 Artists. \u25a0• ' ~, -•
Seats, : $2.00, fl.BO : and $1.00. General Ad-
mission. $I.oa • \u25a0:>^''' i -; \u25a0\u25a0 '• - :...\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0
..-- Box Office \u25a0at Lyric Hall, this morning; at
10 o'clock. :\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 >-;.).:;:
Coming— The "Watkln Mills Vocal Quartette.
' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-,:.%. •-•. 'r.--- \u25a0 '\u25a0'. '-:\u25a0\u25a0:"\u25a0' \u25a0"".-''\u25a0; . \u25a0*'-, :- :': '
Ingles id c
Coursing
Park
SATURDAY
and SUNDAY
Beginning at 11:30 Saturday
and 10:30 Sunday.
JOHN W. 5UTT01f. ... ... ... . . . . Jndff*
HARRY MURRAY. .'. . . . . . ... . . .Slipper
.'• Guerrero-st. cars' direct to Park for one' fare.
Compressed "Air, cleaning plant. ,
' Room .telephones. , ;;v :-;•;-
: Steam heat and open flrea.'*
J Perfect* .ventilation. ; .\J^^^^S^lS
."":\u25a0• Pipe 1 organ ; and orchestra." -
: Perfect service. ''''.'. . \u25a0
• Unexoslisd-'eulsUia. ",:•'.;.
Every luxury attainable. : '"
OPERA HOUSE
$£y P£ ? f yy?*s. MatineeTo-Dayand To-Night
GEORGE 1 —^^m—mmmmmmmmmm—mm . With tße
ade' S PEGGY &*%&<**-
Coiucdr. riXUM DEAGOX
„ f Perfect Cant
• ' * Tho Famous Emmaleen Chorus
•POPUIjAR PRICES —
(NO SUNDAY BEN HCR PERFORMANCES)
MATIXEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY EACH Ii'KXSK
- - ELECTION DAY 31ATIXEE TUESDAY. NOV. 7
GoWob, Marx & Co. and the Grand Opera House Co. Present
THE KLAW & ERLANCER CO.anc.)
\u0084 , Stupendous Production of Gen. Wallace's Mighty Play.
KvfIMMM EiHfisSflß iwS SiS^ aHtja^Ssß^B tftSvS^S
i Dramatised by WM. YOUNG. Music by EDGAR STJDCXMAX SELLXT.
CITATC NOW ON SALE for the First, Week
yJicrk l o Sale for the second Week Opens Thursday
PRIPPQ LOWER FLOOR, $2.00: SECOND BALCONT. $1.00.
rnlyCi O FIRST BALCONY. $1.50; GALLERY. RESERVED. 7Sc AND BOc.
MATINEE PRICES SAME AS NIGHT.
\u25a0 Mall orders for seats promptly filled when accompanied by remittances ana seli-ad-
dreased stamped envelope for reply. . • ,
Address H. H. CAMPBELL. Business Manager. Grand Opera-House. San Francisco.
Week Commencing THIS AFTER- Q
NOON, OCTOBER 29. j]
RECORD-BREAmNG |
ATTRACfIONSII
Direct from th» .London Hippodrome! \u25a0
' Three Sisters Macarte 1
Unluue! Novel! Artlstlot §]
Prelle's European Novelty I
The Only Act of the Kind In the World I
«r. ana Mrs, Ejprj Esmonde I
PresenUng: "ANOTHER CUCUMBER." m
By E. I*. Snader. H
f RETAINED BY REQUEST! " -"g
! Raymond and Gaverly 1
The Wizards of Joy. g
Signorina Verera ' I
The Italian NighUnsale. 0
Clayton/Jenkins and Jaspsr
With Their Dark town Clrcua.
O'Brien and Buckley
The International Comiqnet.
Orpheum Motion Pictures
Showing' - the Latest \u25a0 Novelties.
Laat Week and '\u25a0 Tremendous Success
of the
Twelve Broomstick Witches
g, Vaudeville's Latest and Greatest S
m - Novelty. . B
5 Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, X
» Thursday, Saturday and Sunday. \u25a0 la
6 \u25a0 PRICES-^-10c. 23c and BOc. S
GRAND OPERA
Performance Begins at 8 O* Clock Sharp.
positivelt ' '*';"
Last Week of TETRiZZINI
TO-NIGHT; LAST TIME
Wlth TETRAZZINI. Baaelli, Gregorettl
TUESDAY NIGHT and SATURDAY MATTNEB
LAST TIMES
With TETRA2ZINI. Barelli. v GregoretU
. > : I . WEDNESDAY NIGHT
t.a DBO3HDE33MC3E3
With Coppola. Moreo, Tlccl, Gravina, Dado
THURSDAY NIGHT
XiA TRA VIAT A
With' TETRAZ2INI, Baaelll, GregoretU
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHTS
SEATS ON SALE FOR ALL PERFORMANCES
MAJESTIC^'
BARGAIN MATBTEE TO-DAY.
. ' S3c EVERYWHERE.
TO-NIGHT— L«»it Appearance of
FRANK BACON
In -Nell Burgees' Famous Play,
THE COUNTY FAIR
TO-MORROW NIGHT AND AM, WEEK
k s s inLOTTERYofLOVE
. SOON— "THE* LIGHT ETERNAL."
By Martin ,V. : Merle. - . .
\u25a04 In PreparaUon— : '.'lF I WERE KING." \u25a0
. EvenlnKa.- 25c, 60c, 75c. Sat. Mat.. 25c, 60c
Bargain Mats. Thnrs. and gan.. 25c everywhere.
;J MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
The Reigning Sensation I
ROLLER SKATING
MECHANICS' PAVILION RINK
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Admission 20c. Ladles . Free at Mat*. I
BENNETT'S BAND. , v; |
*" BUSH STREET
CHAS. P. HALL, Manaser. Phone Main 121.
Farewell To-Dny. .Matinee and Mxht.
Of STAR SHOW GIRLS.**
NOW COMES THE BEST OP ALL. ".
TO-MORROW EVENING— ALL WEEK.
Matinees Tuesday. Friday. Saturday. Sunday.
The Famous Extravaganza Company, .
"JOLLY
GRASS
WIDOWS."
j Forty Talented People. Bis Chorus.
M'LLE. GUICHARD. CHAS. J. BURKHABDT
MURRAT J. SIMONS, MAE TUIR.
THOMPSON A. LAURAN'CE.
BUSH AND GORDON. \
Beautiful Costumes. Scenery and Effects.
Price*— Evening*. 13c. 23c. 35c 50c. 78a.
.-•;..-_, • All Reserved.
Matinees— 25c. reserved. No Higher.
NEXT
"WASHINGTON SOCIETY 6IRLS."
I#ULUm»IA mm wxm
XO-NIGHX
AND ALL WEEK
EXCEPTING MONDAY NIGHT.
IH MACK
In Edward E. Rose's Romantic Irish Play,
THE WAY
TOKENMABE
Monday— Knljjhtu of Columbus Sight.
MR. MACK IN "TOM MOORS."
~~~~~ . m
MONDAY. NOVEMBER «TH
Plxley and Luders' Greatest Musical Comedy
Triumph,
THE PRINCE OF PILSEN
With Jen Dandy and a Bis Company.
VAS YOU EFFER IN MNMNNATTA?
ALCAZAR "H^sT
' General Manastr.
MATINEE TO-DAY
AND TO-NIGHT— LAST TIMES.
APRIL WEATHER. .
. BONGS— CHILDREN— SPECIALTIES.
TO-MORROW NIGHT — ONE WEEK*
Virginia Harned's fltasatloa.
1 1^, I S
Ev'gs, 25c to 75c: Mats.. Sat.. Sun.. 23c to SOo.
PINERO'S GREATEST PLAT.
NOVEMBER B— Broadhurst's Great Fare*.
WHY SMITH LEFT HOME
jSENTRAL 1 ®
Market Street, Near JXg&th. Opposlt* City Hall.
Phone South 530.
Last Times To-Day, Matinee and .Vlgat,
6t THE GIRL ENGINEER."
Commencing To-morrow Evening I—All1 — All \\"eek.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Tn« Famous Montana Melodrama.
BIG HEARTED JIM
PRICES Evenings. 10c to sOc
Matinees.... 10c. 13c. 230
Next — "UNCLE TOM'S CABIN."
A High-Class Entertainment Ererr Aft*
ernoon amd Evening 'n the Theater.
Bothwell Browns'sGai3ty Girls;
Delphlno and Delmora: Buaeh Family t -
Bert White j Frye and Bland; Miss Le-
ona Clifton and the Anlmatoscope.
VISIT THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD!
RIDE ON THE CIRCLE SWING!
AMATEUR . NIGHT -THURSDAY!
ADMISSION..... \. 10c \ CH1LDREN........ 3c
See the Battles In the Infant Incubators.'
fffiiyCtlToo.iißPM
3536
I. .MAGXIX $ CO.
EXCEPIIOMAL VALUES
IN .:
LADIES' KIMONO SACQUES— Made of figured Ger-
man flannel; in assorted colorings of pink, blue, Ci QQ
gray, red and navy; sizes 34 to 44 .JSI.V/V/
LADIES' SACQUES — Of figured German flannel: jn
lijjht blue and crrav: with collar fitted back; fin- ff-J Q*Q
jshed with neat embroidery edge; all sizes J^Y*\3\*
LADIES' SACQUES— Made of figured German flannel;
in large r-ssortment of colorings, including pink, blue, gray,
lavender: some trimmed with all silk ribbon, others with
neat embroidery edge; both fitted back and kimono <T| CA
styles , •. .PI.3V
Another style, made of flannelette; in Japanese patterns;
shirred in front and trimmed with good quality satin ribbon;
comes :n lavender, light blue, red, navy, brown... ff-j CA
4*l. Jv
LADIES' LONG KIMONO— Made of flannel in fancy
striped effects; in gray, pink, light blue; trimmed with
new" . of ..: oM ... c . oi . or ... flan : $1.50 and $2.50
LADIES' BATH ROBES— Made of German flannel;
with high neck effect; large assortment of fancy figured and
striped effects; cord and tassel at waist; all sizes tf ") Cft
s a)£«fcsv/
Ladies' Cravcncttcs
Made of guaranteed waterproof silk; three- C^A AA
quarter and long lengths; specially priced. . ..." •££>/• Vv
FfaoneS Gowns and Skirts
The cool weather suggests comfortable flannel undergar-
ments. Our line comprises the most reliable garments made
in our own workrooms. Note the reasonable prices:
LADIES' DAISY FLANNEL GOWNS— In pink, blue,
gray stripes and solid colors; made extra long and wide;
sleeves and rolling collar finished with silk em- tf*"| f\'f\
broidered scalloped edge; $1.50 value f0r........ •^l»wV/ •
LADIES' GOWN— Of heavy flannelette: in pink and
blue stripes; full sleeves trimmed with embroidered scal-
loped ruffle; collar scalloped to match; $2.00 value" fl*l- CfY
for , <4jI»JV
A Complete Line of FLANNELETTE ' UNDER-
SKIRTS — In striped and plain colors; scalloped and hem-
stitched hem. Good values at.. CA~ Aos» Ci flfi
jUQ, OUC, $I*\J\J
\u25a0SS. cl a??R*£ r ' 918-922 Market Street *%*l™
Epworth League Glvm Entertainment.
The Grace Epworth League enter
tained the Epworth League of the
Simpson Memorial Church in the par
lors of the Grace Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Twenty-fir6t and Capp
streets, last night. The decorations
and refreshments were suggestive of
Our "College Girl" Shoe has Jffli ]|Sf^®
leaped into instant favor, just as (rlljil&i ''•i'? ! '§Bh i/^k
we expected, for the shoes are / Ii? HP% r»isa '^IHk
made for women who know a yzs&f^ 1
tasteful and refined shoe. ll^ar l \^^^^^^
These shoes are made with rliliijllf I'f'P^'^^^w
good sense in every line of their Vlljj jj||l ji^^|4^a
design and solid workmanship in \1 1 |I|f^jPM^^
ever>- stitch. The superb work M pMjfp^ffl
and ' excellent materials of the JSei !lll!@lilffi''^J9
"College Girl" Shoe are particu- |i| || fi fflß
larly conspicuous among the . if//i^^^al/^ '^'-ra'
inferior shoes now offered by ijlllmSSwlllm Vf9
many dealers at $3.50, even as lllmWS^mnu^ if
their dainty refinement stands MnWwF^lwk "\
out against the prevalent tend- ilfM^lJlmllum v *•$
epcy toward the extreme and wMnalllkMulllM^ri Vl^Jm
gaudy. The ."College Girl" Shoe tiff 'l/I Iff | ':([ I M
offers wide variety for selection. *Ml jfi IUH |;t; ty \\ \\\\ M
Materials: Calfskin, Kid, Pat- "'^^ ['fl^iS
ent Colt and Patent Leather. •
Styles : Lace, Blucher, Button ~ * f"* l^.*-?^?. l^
and Low Cut (Oxford). '^^^^^ m **%£&\u0094
( The illustration shows the mannish .^^^d&g&i&^Fk ifc
effect of the Button and Blucher styles.) \u25a0 f W^^-I^^l J
All styles and leathers, $3.50. f p^Sl^%
Children's Shoes. / ' W^T'' : ' :^\ k
V?n call your attention to our display / /\u25a0/ \u25a0 ' ? "\u25a0'
of Children's Shoes In thf window f / \u25a0©/ ' Jfik
Here Is a practical object lesson in how f I\u25a0' I dM§k
to properly and economically shoe the I / e ®/ d>Sfi£rXi
No other store makes as great an ef- I /; **/. jmsSßSfiSf
fort to constantly have novelties for I b / <&s&&&£^
the younj? folks or pays hf much attc-n- » H -^-ffISSSKS^iSHr ' -
tlon to haying: orthop^dically correct \ M^flmS^W^sffi^
< hfldrrn'w imd 3lls<«ri.* l,«cr nn«l Bui- V AkP&s4f?
ton Mjitr* — Madf of fine kid. ntroMnn
sol«-h and pntrnl Imthrr tips. You can- -iG&Ps^
not lm>- a brtlcr Mior In Snn Fraarlm-o Jutf£&&&i>?^'^
for Uic morr. ffiE^W^^^"^
Sizes 5-8. si. OO; S^-il. 81.25: J^s^*^
HH-2. 81.50- •*—».
Mail Orders carefully and promptly filled.
i Our catalog contains th; newest winter fashions. '*\u25a0
GOOD
HaUpween and after a. well-rendered
programme games \u25a0 were introduced,
which gave air a chance to become ac
quainted. Miss Hulda Huer acted as
toastmlstrees and called upon repre
sentatives of both leagues to give
toasts. This social function will long
be remembered in league circles as one
of the most enjoyable.
THE; S Ay>y.;If RANCiSGQ 'JjSALJti. j SUND/\Y, OCTOBER 29,-1905.
"NICKEL NOVELS" CRITICIZED
BY POLICE JUDGE MOGAN
Two of Them Found
in Juvenile's
Possession.
Also a Big Pistol
in; Good Shape
for Work.
Error of His Way
Explained to
the Youth.
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
Ralph Amarose,* agsd seventeen years,
professed inability to explain just why
he was armed with a large and fully,
load ;d revolver when Patrolman Sprln
gett overhauled him at Kearny and Val
lejo streets. In his possession at the
same time, however, were two "Nickel
Novtls," embellished with garish pic
tures of thrilling situations, and the
quality of the literature must have con
veyed to Police Judge Mogan a compre
hensive hint as to the make-up of Master
Amarose's .controlling ambition, for he
asked:
"Who were you going gunning for. on
tho.Barbary Coast— the wicked abductor
of the gentle heroine or . the even-more
unscrupulous villain who murdered your
father, burled the, will and ousted little
sister and you from the old homestead?"
So clearly did Master Amarose's coun
tenance reflect an absolute lack of un
derstanding that his Honor hastened to
simplify the query:'
"One of 'the works of fiction found in
your, pockets is now. before me. It's .title
is 'Steel-Nerved Sam, or Might is Right'
— no, /Ri.sht is Might'— and a hasty scan
ning of its pages informs me that its
hero, accompanied by a six-shooter, is
on the' track of a fiend in human form.
Was it in emulation of Steel-Nerved Sam
that you buckled on this formidable wea
pon—why, there are three nicks in its
handle! What do they represent? So
many scoundrels that have fallen "before
your unerring aim?"
"No; rabbits," replied Master Amarose.
"Indeed? But as to your armed mis
sion oh the Coast— what . was it?"
'Twas then that Master Amarose ex
pressed his inability to explain. It just
happened that he had the firearm; and
it just happened that he was Coast-bound
when -the policeman "nailed" him; •
"But why did it just happen that you'
carried such a „ murderous .weapon?" the
court inquired. /\^<-
To shoot rabbits. Of course .there were
no wild rabbits in the vicinity, of : Kearny
and VallejoV streets— everybody: knew that
—but Master Amarose did not- spend all
his time there. And a pistol was a handy
thing to have when one r went a-strolling
where rabbits did run wild. •"•\u25a0 .
"Before pronouncing you : guilty,- of 'car-;
rying a concealed deadly weapon," said
the Judge. "I desire to say that, the world
as it actually is differs vastly 'in several
respects with the world you have 8 been
led to imagine by perusal of such . stuff
as • 'Steel-Nerved Sam.' ... If there is' any
villainy to be, punished or wrongs to be
avenged the law- and the police and the
courts are maintained for that very
purpose, ' and would-be 'Steel-Nerved
Sams' are a • menace to society.
As you acquire _ „ years . and ex :
perlence you will discover that . I
am telling: the truth, and if you take my
advice now you'll" consign your 'Nickel
Novels' to the ash-barrel \u25a0 and adopt
healthier reading. I'll sentence you-Mon
day."
Master Amarose gazed longingly at his
cqmmandeered literature ere he ' turned
to accompany the bailiff.
• • •
Mrs. Mary Tuttle occupies the upper
floor and Mrs. Mary Croft the lower
floor of a dwelling on Fifth 1 street,
near Bryant, and both ladies are em
ployed in a pickle manufactory/Mrs.
Croft was Informed that Mrs. Tuttle
said that she (Mrs. C.) was a very in
ferior workwoman and gracious only
knew why the foreman had not "fired"
her long ago, and with said informa
tion rankling her mind— whatever 1 that
psychological process may >be— Mrs.
Croft stood upon the back porch of her
home and hurled aloft words of re
proach at Mrs. Tuttle. also standing
upon the back porch of her home, until
the, abrupt descent of a volume of
water, presumably, .emptied- from a
bucket, deluged Mrs. Croft, quelled her
oratory and drove her withini doors.
She retaliated by' filing ,'compkiint
against Mrs. Tuttle, the charge being
that of peace disturbance.
"This seems to be-one of those inter
family feuds that can only be settled
by wide separation of the belligerents,"
said Judge Cabaniss, "and if at the
end of thirty days, beginning with this
date, Mrs. Tuttle's domicile is not; far
removed from that of Mrs. Croft the
law shall take its-, course, and punish
Mrs. Tuttle."
•\u25a0* - *
Until he declared that his vocation
was that of sewer-ccnstructlng, Ben
jamin Butler created -the; impression
that he was ; either, a' saloon : burglar •or
a distillery - drummer^ .' for " in'- almost
every : one of his pockets 'reclined; a
flask containing whisk y." V; Patrolman J.
A.' Ryan disinterred hinr fromanTearth
mound erected ° by : \ indlgnantriaborers
whom he had annoyed while they.. were
excavating a* trench ; on Fourth : street,
and when he"; cleared^ his 'mouth', and
nostrils of : sand he 'drew; forth" a bottle
of ' bourbon, ; took a'^ hearty swig from
it and invited his rescuer to do the
same. ",
. "You may empty it if you like," he
said, "but them bums down there," al
luding 1 to the toilers in the trench,
"couldn't get even a smell of it if they
were dyin'."
Then accepting the officer's refusal
to drink as a reflection on. the quality
of the preferred liquor, he drew from
other pockets other bottles, each filled
with a different brand of the same tip
ple, and generously placed'- any or all
of them-at his disposal, with the single
reservation", that the . men who had
buried him should not : be allowed to
partake. ; • • . * • .v . '
"What did they plant you for?" the po
liceman inquired. \u25a0
"Because," replied Mr. Butler, "I.point
ed-out how; they were bungling the Job
and offered to show 'em how to do It
right. I don't mind telling ycfu that there
ain't no expert in the bunch." They're all
right a-diggln' a straight drain, but
when it comes to turnin' a corner they
ain't there. If you don't like this v 'Thafs
All' you can try a taste of this 'Gentle
Annie. 1 No? Well. I'll drink It meself."
• Deprived of his bottles, Mr. Butler was
booked for disturbing the peace, and
when placed before Judge Frltß he re
peated what he' had told his captor. -
"But why did you carry so. many bot
tles of whisky?" the court asked him.
"I find that it's cheaper to buy me
booze, by th' bottle," was the luminous
reply.
. He was given twenty-four hours.
• . . * • • . • '\u25a0 •
So excited, were certain neighbors of
Peter Larsen while he violently dis
ciplined his household at ..Folsom and
Main' streets" that they tamed in a fire
alarm Instead of a police call, and a
moment later, they, repeated the blun
der, \u25a0. the j consequence being ; that with
in a-very brief -period the, vicinage was
fairly packed >wlth engib&ai^hat hissed,
hook "an'd^ladder^tru^ks^tnat swung
around so- ! recklessly as' to menace the
life, and limb of a" great multitude, and
firemen who swore with great fluency
as they inquired where the blaze was.
Meantime 'the tiirmoil in the home of
tfbe . £af sens coniinued and Patrolmen
Becker' arid' De \u2666 Grancourt arrested
Peter 'and informed the firefighters
they.'were de trop.
-Disturbance of the peace was the
charge booked against Mr. Larsen, and
Judge 'Cohlan awarded him ninety
days', imprisonment.
Herman Mark, cashier for the Louis
Roeseh 'Company, 325 Sansome street, was
pronounced guilty of having violated the
child labor -law by employing Master
Walter Smith as an errand boy and pre
venting his attendance at school. The
complainant was D. McLennan of 927
Market Btreet, and Judge Fritz will pro
nounce the sentence.
• • *" •
So long as -Charles McKnlght's
uncle' owned the saloon at 20 Sev
enth Btreet Charles. had unlimited credit
there, and when his avuncular pat
ron sold the place Charles was
piqued" by the discovery that he was no
longer on the privileged list. That was
how the new proprietor pf the saloon,
Mike Shea, came to file complaint against
'Charles on a charge of uttering threats
against life. Judge Mogan continued the
hearing until November 11.
\u25a0\u25a0 - « ' . v\u2666 \u25a0 . » \u25a0 » . . -
A two-year-old > feud \ between William
E. Dougherty and Michael Creed, an aged
driver of an express wagon, culminated
in William battering Michael at" Sixth and
Market" streets. The old man avers that
'he*, was struck from behind, . and Mr.
Dougherty's defense will be heard to
morrow by Judge Mogan.
'.>\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' ':\u25a0 : •\u25a0 )• • ' ' " -
.^.Wlth the' day's cash receipts of his
saloon: in one of his pockets and a loaded
revolver in another William Averlll was
homeward bound late Friday night when
a shadow suddenly falling in front of him
at Post and Taylor streets abruptly con
veyed to his mind already, harassed by
reports of nocturnal footpadism,; the be
lief that a highwayman was creeping
along in his rear. Being of impulsive
temperament, Mr." Averill -did not inves
tigate further, but drew his firearm and
blazed away at nothing <In particular.
The policeman who effected his' arrest
discovered that the shadow: was that of a
telephone pole standing . between Mr. .
Averill and an arc light . that flickered.
Judge Mogan dismissed the complaint af
ter cautioning j Mr. Averill to ' either, leave
his money bag in a safe or look^before
he shoots.
Our "booklets ; Bell the goods. Edward
Knowles Co., superior prln^rs," 24 Second st. •
COMPLETES PLAXS \u25a0 FOR A
PART OF MUNICIPAL ROAD
City . Engineer Snbmttn Data on the
Construction . of . the Proposed
Geary-Street •; IJne. , ';,'•:
The City Engineer yesterday com
pleted the 1 plans Tand , specifications', for
a portion of the : proposed Geary-street
railroad which is to be operated- by
the municipality.
The plans contemplate "an, electric
overhead system running on Point Lo
bos avenue from Fifth avenue to Tenth
avenue, and on Tenth s ;from
PointLobos avenue ;to Fulton, street.
It .will be a ; double track;" system,
eight-tenths ; of ' a mile ; long, and its es
timated cost will be $150.000.. •
The plans. will be/submitted to-mor
row to the] Board of ,will
turn them, over :>to! the -Board; of .'Su-.
pervlsors, . which , will adopt : them be
fore ordering actual construction work
to begin. , - . . ' - ," \ .'
Hornev Dislocates \u25a0 Hip.
A horse bclonglngVto- A." B. : "Clutz
and attached to: 'ai'wagon: fell -on ;the
hard i pavement ;at Grant] avenue v and
Market street yesterday^ afternoon; and
dislocated; its hip. Ah jomcersfromrthe
Society -for the ; Prevention -of
to shot? the/ animal and : ;^re
lieved; It of; its; suffering: *, ; V-
B.F.Stoll. dentist; Haight & Masonic ay.«
o'OCjrsrNOß, moffatt & co.
Rare Opportunity for High-Quality Silks
A Sale Without Its Equal for Remarkable Values
Silks that were purchased from one of the largest importing Silk Houses
in America will Be offered to you. Monday.
iWe'have arranged a very extensive sale of beautiful silks that cannot bi bought ordi-
narily for three or four times our prices. It is a most opportune offerfngr, as this is the season la-ies
are planning and making their winter costumes. No one can afford to miss the great silk event.
The silks come in heavy Satin Duchess*; Cachemire Gros Grain and fine imported
Taffetas, but the color assortment is broken. -»
Cachemire Satin Duchesse Swiss Taffeta
Fifty pieC e S of extra heavy
jpitg^e^p^gain, Satin Duchesse> in qualities wwe,^ c , in broken color as-
dl pure Sl jk in shades of Mais, : n value from $3 to $6 sortment, but an abundance of
Lavender, Turquoise and Nile. s s . vo white and cream. The stand-
Regular price, a. " ' a yard. Sale prices, a yard, ard qua H ty o f
"^SSSSS $f-00/$1.25, $1.50 y^ ta -.. Sa !?.. p : k r:.: 75c
CLOAK and SUIT DEPT. :
Evening Coats t Costumes, Capes, and Handsome Velvet,
Velveteen, Silk and Cloth Tailor-Made Suits
! , All the new and leading styles and colors.
Sample and Broken Lines of Suits
We are closing out all sample and broken lines of Suits at a great reduction on the tegular
prices. In this lot of suits we have a great variety of styles, materials and colors and will place"
the entire line, including regular $2250, $25.00, $30.00 and $35.00 values, on sale Monday at
$J5, $17.50, $20, $22.50 and $25-00
BROADCLOTH TAILOR-MADE SUIT— GOATS Fall and winter weights, in
. Coat 28 inches long with fitted back and * mannish mixtures, 48 inches
semi-fitted front, collar and cuffs inlaid with Ion f' bo J x back ' two side pockets, well tail-
, ' , . . \u25a0•\u25a0 . ..v „, ore " an d neatly stitched. We have this coat
velvet to match. -This suit has the new 9- with and without vdvet collan
gored skirt and is trimmed with buttons and o ' » 1 t r 1 *1-1 m
* \u25a0 '* . "1. t u 1 Special Value, $12.50
straps to match the coat. ,
« \u0084tt , &~ r r\c\ CRAVENETTE RAIN AND TOURIST
bpeCial Value, $25.0U COATS—Oxford, Tan and Olive shades, in
j . fitted and loose effects, the very newest
ETON .SUlT— Double-brtasted ; braid trim- Special Value, $12.50
mcd with military effect; Persian bands on rnvrPT paat 1/ 1 ~+u v t t j
- \u25a0\u25a0 J . ,' r . , \u0084 , COVERT COAT— y A length, box pleated
collar and cuffs; jacket lined with good back and front, stitched collar and cuffs;
quality satin. New skirt with novelty pleats. two side pockets, in light and medium tan
Value, $22.50 t * a CS ' Special Value, $13.50
Country df&£^£- j Handkarchiafs
':';'\u25a0•.-,• '•\u0084.. '.•:.:•.\u25a0 .-•:\u25a0•. • •-- • / '>J& 'm ' \u25a0^^I.-- ' --.J \u25a0' "'\u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0 Shamrock
-illustrated fL^^ >^ZZ?~Z^S& Lawn Hand-
Catalogue t* TABUS *^) 'W' ' K^JL^^^S kerchiefs,
of our new 1866 •%/ Seventy-five
Fall and '^^fw SXS^^^^%^L different
Winter patterns.
s * 1U to 121 Post Street S?
COLLINS FLIES
INTO A FRENZY
Georse D. Collins found a foeman
worthy .of his ! steel at , the tantalizing
game In District Attorney Byington
yesterday during the hearinar " of -thw
perjury case. • The accused attorney
was taunted into a momentary frenzy.
It was when Collins was reading an
affidavit — one of a maze of these docu- .
ments— that Bylngton caught him in an
exposed spot. In reading the affidavit
which he had prepared in support of
his motion for a change o^ venue,
Collins spoke of his wife.
"That is indefinite.',' drawled the Dis
trict Attorney. "I would ask the court
to ask whom he means." I
"You do so at your peril, sir," shout
ed Collins.
"I' will state." continued Bylngton, \u25a0;
"that we recosrnlze but one person as '.
his wife. Charlotte E. Collins." - j
George D. Collins -twent white with !
rage, and , was about , to make a retort
when Judge Lonnon sternly command
ed silence. •
Counter affidavits from Judge Law
lor.l Judge Lennon and the District At
torney, were filed in the morning deny
ing : the allegations presented by Col
lins* affidavit of the preceding: day.
Judge Lawlor, declared,', further, that
Jacob \u25a0• Meyer, a clerk in Collins' office,
who declared that \u25a0\u25a0- he represented his
employer, gave assurance that he would
be satisfied with Judge Lawlor or any
Judge whom he might appoint, with
one exception. .
Meyer \ could not be located < yester
day,; but * Collins declares that his affi
davit denyinjr liawlor's; statement will
be- produced Monday.
; Collins, after being : turned! down in
an effort- to have Judge : Lennon and
Judge Lawlor called to the witness i
stand,, consumed the greater part of
the afternoon in a lengthy oration. His •
eloquence was mainly devoted to dis- j
paraging \u25a0 J udge 'Lawlor.
.: In Judge'Lawlor's affidavit was set
forth .a .letter received -from Collins
while the latter, was in Victoria.' The
epistle asks thatthe charge of -perjury
be ! dismissed Vas an act \u25a0of simple Jus
tice." Many alleged precedents for such
action ; are cited. - : Collins ; declared 'in
the^ letter that .he \ intended going to
Toronto to practice law as; soon as' the
proceedings were dismissed.' Evidently
he became ' tired 'of : Canada * soon after
ward,' for ' on- his return! he announced
that: he. .intended -to -, remain -in the-!
United States. ' iSEBJgSPI&ffiIS&H
The case"wiH" be continued at 10 I
o'clock" Monday.: ' \u25a0 \u25a0 . j
liLitcr ; Not of Counsel.
\u25a0yl At ; the regular, meeting of the Marine
Engineers' * Beneficial /Association * . No. v
35j of ; San; Francisco.; held J on- Tuesday,
the. : attention^qf '.the ' member? was di
rected "\u25a0 to'; anTarticle *; published > in "\u25a0'^ne
of " the. evening^ papers (of :• October ,19;
in which : it '; was stated thatlH^B.'Lis
ter was the legal adviser, of the Marino
Engineers' Beneficial Association No. I
35. The association denies that H. 8.1
W Guaranteed Emmerich^
Emmerich Pillows received the highest ' award at
all World's Fairs, and are guaranteed to be filled with *M
|S pure, clean, downy, odorless feathers; positively no j|l
O cotton, no shoddy, no hog's hair, -no impure or un- k§
sql cured feathers are used. These are the pillows you W%
mt are usually asked $2.50 and $3.CX3 a pair for. ||j
fM We guarantee these pillows to be satisfactory and Pi
ra| exactly as represented or your money back. We are
M&i offering them this week only at this ridiculously low
price to induce you to visit our Bedding Department,
$m Sleepy Pillows but wide-awake bargains. *1 pT ~ p£
''M '.S COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED. |fj
ONECITV
It is no idle dream' that the whole
of the 1 peninsula-will,- not so long
hence, be all one city, of which
PALO ALTO
Willbe the part containing the mest
beautiful ; homes. - ; Already Stanford
University has- attracted over 5000
hemeseekers and? they are -* always
comingr. Send for a copy, of the Real
Estate • News ' : and - " KEEP YOUR
EYES ON' PALO ALTO. j
The J. J. MORRISML ESTATE GO;
f; PAtO ' AliTO. CAt WORWIAI
Lister is \u25a0 employed In the capacity of
legal adviser.
OPERA GLASSES
Don't use public opera glasses in
theaters. Buy your own. Affections
of the eye may be contagious. Our
stock is New and Complete.
105 MONTGOMERY ST.
/ NEAR SUTTEH' OPf> OCCIDENTAL HOTEL
KODAK AGENCy-PHOTCISIiPPUESPages 37t0 48
STEADY AND SURE GAINS FOR FUSION
PROSPECTS FOR SWEEPING VICTORY FOR JOHN S. PARTRIDGE ARE GROWING BRIGHTER EVERY HOU.
Utmost confidence in the election of John S. Partridge and the , entire fusion ticket
prevails in the joint campaign committee of Republicans and Democrats. There .is posi
tive proof that the grafters are weakening, Stories told on the streets of immense sums
of money to wager at odds on the election of Ruef's candidate are found on investigation
to be pure fakes. v''*p
Fusion Leader Speaks to Many Work
insmen at Pacific Mail Dock.
Enthusiastic Crowd Greets Candidate
at the Builders' Association.
Two noontime meetings were ad
dressed by John S. Partridge yester
day In totally different parts of the
city before different audiences and both
were well attended. At both the can
didate was listened to with attention
fcr.d received great applause and assur
ances of votes.
The first meeting was held at the Pa
cific Mail dock, where 400 men who
earn their living along San Francisco's
water front listened to the candidate
for over half an hour. Once or twice
there were occasional questions ad
dressed to the speaker by Ruef sup
porter* In the crowd, but barring that
there was no Interruption. At the con
clusion of his address the water front
workers gave Mr. Partridge several
cheers.
In the course of his remarks Mr.
Partridge told them of the attitude of
Ruef and Schmitz toward the cause of
labor. He told them of the many in-
stances when both politicians threw
down the labor organizations when
• their own interests were jeopardized.
[He told them of the attitude of the
j boss and his man on the improving of
I the city and then told of the graft
that extends throughout the municipal
departments from the Mayor's office
down to, the smallest commission.
The second meeting of the day was
'a large gathering at the Builders' As
sociation at SIS Bush street, where a
large crowd gathered shortly after
noon. Long before Mr. Partridge ap
peared the hall was packed and the
stairway and entrance tv the building
were also crowded. After being pre
sented by President F. 11. (Jualman, Mr.
Piirtrid^e told his hearers of the ef
forts to dispose of the city's bonds. Ho
also told th<?ui of the graft in the
Board of Public Works and of the fa
voritism shown protege* of the admin
istration. A ijthinitz sympathizer tnen
created a laugh by calling for three
cheers for the Ituef candidate. He
was the only one to respond to nls own
call. \u25a0 /'..-',
DESTROYS CIVIL SERVICE.
j Mr. Partridge spoke in part as fol
lows:
While tlie Mayor was not in control of the
various departments, he vetoed numerous ap
propriations :or salaries cr civil service men.
claiming ihat the iwsiilons were not necessary,
but whm the departments passed under his
bill control In January. IUO3. civil service em
ployes were dischai-ged wherf-ver possible, and
supporters of tht political machine, which is
«it>»>ervient to the boes who controls the- ad
ministration, were provided with political jobs.
The most brazen assault on the merit system
was made in the Department of Health, where
practically every employe in the offices, labora
tories and bureaus, in the hospital and Alms
;. houre arid In the emergency hospitals were dts
j charged.
* To rave th* remnants of civil service from
annihilation, the Board of Supervisors, In the
ordinance fixing the financial budget for the
year J904-05, provided that all employe* whope
< .saJariff were therein fixed should be civil sen-
Ice men. The Auditor was r.utlfied In the or
dinance that the appropriations for these eal
arits and wagea were made solely for employes
appointed from the civil service H'.glble lists.
Id acconianc-e with the charter. The purpose
of ; tW* notification was to stop payment
of the salaries or wages of persons who had
<- received appointments contrary to law. The
Mayor vetoed all these appropriations, but the
bad£( t was parsed over the veto, and to that
«vtent at least civil service wa* saved from
the assaults of the administration.
PRETENDED EXAMINATIONS.
It then became Imperative to put civil serv
ice men Sn the various positions that had been
Clcbed from the merit eyetem. The temporary
*-mpltyes in some of the offices and the '"push"
holding Jobs under evasive declinations of
their positions w»-re given pretended and col
lusive examinations and all of them
wer* kept In the ponitlons they held. This was
accomplished by allowing 60 per cent for ex
perience, which only the appointees of the axl
jciniftration possessed. The commission also
passed on the physical condition of applicant?.
and allowed whatever percer.tatre th«?y pleated.
Withal the Civil Service Commission sub
mitted a report for the fiscal year ending
Juse 30. 1905. showing that T»7 civil service
appointments were made during the year. Of
that cumber 211 are street sweepers. The
total amount of applicants examined was but
985. There were but 358 appointees taken from
the eligible lists established from examlna-
I.on*. but the report does not state how the
rest of the appointment* w*re made. Of the
candidate* examined In the year most of them
**ere policemen and firemen, who took the ex
amination* for promotions. The remainder
k.were for pupil nurses, eewer men, Janitors,
street sweepers and a few employes of the
Health office.
'\u25a0'\u25a0•f.,\ DOUBLES THE ROLL.
Th« Auditor is credited with 121 appointees.
Ik* Auditor never ha* more than fifty men
employed, even at the time when he was ex
tendlnc the assessment roll. He employs
about fifty men twice a year for a few weeks,
\u2666and these are the 121 appointees of the oivll
service report. The same men, being what are
c>slgna.ted In the charter "ordinary clerki,"
are temporarily employed in the tax office
and * the election office and in other places,
yet they are set down for each office as dif
ferent individuals. The election office Is cred
ited with fifty-one, the tax office with flfty
nijc — the came "ordinary cierks" who are given
ehort employment la different offices. Tbt
Board of Health, Is credited with twenty-two.
most of whom are pupil nurses entering the
hospital. The- Board of Public Works appar
ently rot S.V) civil service employe* In the
year, yet the books show that there Is no
change In the names of employes in that de
partment.
In addition to all these thins* the adminis
tration has even stooped to the petty trick of
making temporary appointments from month
to month la order to avoid the civil service
provisions of the charter. The charter pro
vide* that temporary »ppolntmenu may be
made, and the administration has taken ad
vantage of that and appoint* its favorite
anew each month. Meanwhile the Civil Service
Cotcmitslon Is costing the taxpayer about
f I^,ooo a year. . and all that the commission
loea is to epend ltc time devising ways and
means of avoiding and rendering of no effect
the very statute which created It.
SUPPORTING BRAXDEXSTKI.V
Bla Honenty and excellent Record
Brlnic I<abor>nsr Men to Him Aid.
In order to more energetically and
more systematically- conduct the can
didacy of Henry U.- Brandensteln for
.the office of District Attorney, active
yfctamp&lgn committees have been ap
pointed In every district In the city.
Because of the unblemished record
which the Joint Democratic and Re
, publican nominee for District Attorney
made while serving the people as a Su
pervisor and because of the fact that
whenever the occasion arose he treat
ed laboring men with fairness and Jus
tice, labor union men all over the city
are rallying to his support. The labor
union men. desiring to show that they
can appreciate the efforts made by Mr.
Brandensteln in their behalf, are ably
assisting in his campaign under the
leadership of Robert J. Loughery, who
was one of the leaders of the Porters'
and Packers' Union- during the jjreat
teamsters' strike.
In making his campaign the friends
of the fusion candidate for District At
torney point out that In the whole six
years of his official life he never at
any time did a single act that can now,
In the heat of the present campaign, be
brought up against him. His sntiro
official career has been one of conscien
tious devotion to public duty. He has
spared no efforts to advance the inter
ests of this, his native city, and as
chairman of the Finance Committes of
the Board of Supervisors, he .ia.3 In
sisted on the practice of strict econ
omy in the handling of municipal
finances.
Besides being qualified by his pub
lic record for the position to which he
aspires, he Is also abundantly qualified
as an attorney. Before he entered pub
lic life Mr. Brandenstein had consider
able experience practicing in thy crim
inal court* of this city. The records
in Judge Dunne's court show, that In
that department of the Superior Court
alone he had numerous criminal cases
and conducted them with praiseworthy
ability.
VOTING MACHINE SAFK.
Public Tent Provr* That It Cannot Be
.Manipulated.
The United States Standard voting
machine' was gfven'a pirbllc'test in the
assembly-room of the Board of Super
visors last night and it was shown to
the satisfaction of all present that the
machine could not be tampered with.
A Grand Jury committee, consisting of
George W. Caswell, R. L. Radke and
W. H. Leahy, attended the test.' They
expressed themselves perfectly satisfied
with it.
There were a few spectators in the
crowd who thought they could eas
ily annex the $1000 purse offered 'to
any one who can manipulate the ma
chine. One of these wise gentlemen
found out that he could turn the party
lever without ringing the bell, but he
was shown that he could only vote
once and that he would have to sound
the bell before he could register ! the
Vote. . .
The Election Commissioners have ex
tended invitations to thje Grand Jurors
to be present when the machines are
finally sealed. Any other organization
that wishes to send representatives to
this function is invited to do so.
The machines will be taken^ to the
different booths on Friday, Saturday
and Monday. On Monday the repre
sentatives of the company, the Elec
tion Commissioners and the Grand Jury
committee will visit each machine at
the booths, to make sure that every
thing is correct and that the machines
are in perfect working order.
A school of instruction to show the
election officers how to open the ma
chines for votlrjg has been established
Jn the Registrar's Office. The two
principal officers of each precinct have
been ordered to attend. '
When the crowd was satisfied that
the voting machine was proof against
any tampering, except with dynamite
or a jimmy, Frank Jordan, represent
ing the company, explained its work
ings.
COXVICTKD O-\" CHARGE OF
ROBOERV A SECOXD TIME
Frank Ballard, Allaa Alan Dale, Will
Appeal, However, on Ground of
Once In Jeopardy.
Frank Ballard, alias Alan Dale,
known In police circles as "the knock
out drops man," was convicted" by a
jury in Judge Dunne's court on Fri
day night on a charge of robbery. He
will be- sentenced next Saturday. Bal
lard knocked down Thomas Cronan, an
old man, at Kcarny and Commercial
streets on the night of October 19,
1903, and took 530 from him. He wiis
tried and convicted on June 4, 1904, and
sentenced to serve ten years in San
Quentin. An appeal was taken to the
Supreme Court and the judgment was
reversed on a technicality. \u25a0 •
When the second trial commenced
on Friday morning the defendant's at
torney entered a plea of once In jeop
ardy, but it was overruled. He lnti r
mated that if a verdict of guilty was
rendered against the defendant he
would apply to the Supreme Court for
a writ of habeas corpus for his release
from custody on the ground that the
defendant was not granted a new trial,
but the judgment was reversed.
Ilaurr-Ilrrrmann Concert.
Lovers of the very best In instru
mental music are manifesting a keen
interest in the Joint farewell concert to
be given by Hugo Heermann, the emi
nent violinist, and Harold Bauer, the
distinguished pianist, at Lyric Hall,
this afternoon at 2:30. It is a happy
coincidence that these two artists,
Mr. Heermann. Just from Aus
tralia, and Mr. Bauer from London,
have met here and through the enter
prise of Manager Will Greenbaum to
morrow's concert has been made pos
sible. They will play Beethoven's
"Kreutzer Sonata" and, the beautiful
Sonata in A, by Caesar Franck . and
both artists will be heard In solos.
SAN- FRANCISCO; SUNDAY, OCTOBER 29^1905.;
SPITE WORK
OF ELECTION
COMMISSION
Well Known Tax Paying Citi
zens Are Cited to Show
Cause Why They Recently
Registered in This City
IMPORTANT DUTIES
GROSSLY NEGLECTED
John S. Partridge to Speak
in the Twenty - Eighth
District To-Morrow Night
at Workingmen's Meeting
Report comes to fusion headquarters
that the Board of Election Commission
ers is citing well known citizens to ap
pear and show cause why they registered
in San Francisco this year. It is true
that many citizens who are actively
engaged in mercantile, manufacturing
and professional pursuits in San
Francisco have- decided to register
and vote here. In ample time, under
the urovisions of law, they can
celed their registrations in Oakland, Ala
meda and Berkeley, and "registered in
this. city. ..They conduct extensive busi
ness enterprises here and jay taxes to
support the local government. It is their
right and duty to register and vote in
San Francisco. - • , ,
I /There is a wide field for proper and per
tinent investigation by the election board
in the registrations accredited to lodging
houses of the Twenty-eighth, Twenty
ninth. Forty-third, Forty-fourth and For
ty-fifth Assembly districts, but the com
missioners seem to be fighting shy of
their duty in that direction ' and giving
their special attention to schemes to
harass and badger well known citizens
and tax payers. Let the corrmlssloners
live up to their recently signed public
declaration and give all the voters a
square deal.
There is suspicion that the board Is
devising means to delay th« mailing of
sample ballots, so that a plea can be
made later on that the return envelopes
were not delivered to the Registrar in
time for cancela'tton.
The Knights of the Royal Arch, Cali
fornia Liquor Dealers' Association, and
the San Francisco Retail Grocers' Asso
ciation announce through Heiry A. Keel
er, secretary, that a mass meeting
of retail liquor dealers and thsse affiliated
with the traffic will be held at Alhambra
Theater, Tuesday, October 31, at 2 p.m.,
to discuss "High License." The an
nouncement says: "This meeting is 'not
in the interest of any candidate." \u0084. ,
\u25a0 Rev. A. C. Bane, pastor of the Howard
street Methodist Church, announces that
he will speak this evening at his church
on "High License." He promises to pre
sent Important data bearing on the prop
osition.
The fusion campaign' committee,
which is conducting the battle to oust
the grafters from power, is not con
tending for or against.- high license.
Citizens will vote on this proposition
as their sense of duty directs. The com
mittee is advising citizens to redeem
San Francisco from the curse of graft
and boodle. That is the issue of the
hour.
The liquor dealers are having quite
an experience in this campaign. Agents
of graft and boodle are holding them
up for campaign contributions to per
petuate the reign of, Ruef. The notion
\u25a0 is entertained by many people that a
j properly conducted saloon, where one
J may read the newspapers und gossip
with his fellow workers over a glass
of beer. Is a poor man's club and should
not be taxed out of. existence..; Many
such saloons are conducted by the
liquor dealers of San Francisco and
man only are the customers. But there
are other places.
Complaint comes to The Call from
residents' of the Mission .that Basslty's
place at Fifteenth and Valencia streets
is an example of what a saloon ought
not to be., A leading citizen of the Mis
sion saicl to The Call yesterday:
"Basslty's place is a hell hole. It is
in the heart, of the Mission, next to the
Episcopal church. The proprletortells
the young men whO\ frequent the place
that he will be compelled to close up if
Schmitz Is defeated and that If Schmitz
wins out a 'dance halT will be opened.
Under present conditions the- carousals
continue until long after midnight.
Liquor is freely sold to young girls.
The people of the Mission who; are
bringing up families view tho place
with abhorrence." '"•*.
, The practice of selling whisky by the
drink to young girls Is as revolting to
the legltimato liquor dealers as It 'is
to other men. The Knights -of- the
Royal Arch at their meeting next Tues
day may deal with this branch of the
subject: .J; ;. ' '
John S. Partridge, the able and fear
less leader of the Republican and;Dem-'
ocratlc forces In this municipal contest,
will speak in the Twenty-eighth. As- ;
sembly District to-morrow.'night.; Wil
liam J. Harrington will be r chalrraan '>f
the meeting.; The list" of vice* presi
dents Is as follows:,. .•/ \u25a0._•;.\u25a0.
Jacob Lev! Jr.. Colonel J. G.". ; Kirkpatrlck.
B. F. Lacey, M.» Brown, J.j Sullivan, ' Bernard
L.^ Conlon. Edward- F. Bryant, "Charles :jc
FrVnklln. M. Kyan. : Richard Grimes, | J. Lally,
Alexander J. v , Estellta, * Michael ;>: Heaney,
Tnomai ;F. Bryant, ", Albert ' Houston,; Charles
McKay. Thomas • Quln, , Harry* Peterson, ;\u25a0 J.: F.
O'Roume, John \u25a0J. Greeley, Martin Heaney,
DISTINGUISHED LEADERS Wh6 ARE MAKING A GREAT FIGHT FOR THE SUCCESS OF THE STRONG FUSION TICKET.
Peter Qulnn. Lawrence 'J. Conlon, Dr. T. W.
Connelly, John Shea. Peter. J. Kelly, Walter
McCorley. LMward Haughey, Thomas Phlpps,
Patrick Hayes, Martin . Dow, It. E. Muegge,
Dr. Klngswell, John : Connors, Michael CJalvln,
Thomas Mahon. \u25a0 Vincent Crowley. Isadore Dq
lan, Patrick ' Dcasey,' Mrs. * Demps-ey,' \u25a0 Frank
Heaney/VVUliam Bottrlll, Thomas G. -Roebuke,
J. J. Mahlstedt, Gcor&eE. Dodge. Mr.-Kelle
her, Al Smith, .: James .\u25a0 Ix)ney. John . Deary,
Nelson H.'Burnham, John McCormtck, J. Lo
ney, Charles Ilusisey and.J. J. Sweeney. . .
.""Cffok Characd~"\Vith ; Mnnsliiuehter.
George' Webster, a member, of the
Tenth Infantry, died :at' the .Presidio
Hospital -| oh ; Friday night, and yester
day'mornlng -William I. Cook ; of ; the
same' regiment was booked ; at the City
Prison by Detectives Mathnson. and
Mulcahy on a^ charge of. manslaughter.
Cook and :Webste.rv quarreled on the
morning : : of- October 25, and Webster
was knocked ; down, ( striking the" -back
of his head ,onHhe \u25a0 sidewalk. He was
carried to -the -stairs : leading- to 783'^
Market : street; where he -was later
found :in an unconscious > : ,
Leave *of ,* Absence In Extended.
WASHINGTON, ';Oct: ;28. 7 -"Army " or
derrM'he leave. of absence granted' Se
cond Lietuenant Cernoh- W. B9ller of the
Twentieth' Irifan try;.-? Philippines''; divi
sion,* has been; extended one'month/
New: Postmaster/Appointed.
.WASHINGTON,^- Oct. ;? 28— Jasper ,% IL ;
BaxterV' was •? to-day .appointed ; post
master at' Clarkaville,' El Dorado Coun
ty, Cal» • " " \u25a0'
CROWDS GREET MAYOR SCHMITZ
Lhiei Executive of the Gity Spends a Busy Day and Evening
_ One of the largest gatherings since the
campaign opened greeted Mayor Schmitz
at Electricians' Hall. 35 Eddy street, last
nlghti It* was held under, the auspices of
the Painters' and ; Decorators' Union, .and
every 'bit \u25a0 of , standing room within • hear
ing distance ; of the Mayor \u25a0 was occupied.^
Mayor Y- Schmitz -.'was 'given* *an ;: ovation
when' he" entered the hallf and his every
utterance {was cheered heartily.- >' j;. . . ;.
• : The;Mayorita!ked:along the-Jlnes ofjar
gument; which !i he:, has! .followed • through^'
out I the campaign: ,; He denied j that- there
was graft In. the administration and prom-^
iscd that;the r nexttwo*years of San Fran
cisco's history'would, :if re-elected
Its-.v* chief j, executive, r be; as; prosperous
and s happy as 4 the * last ." f our -. have .' been.
He" maintained as usual i that the Citizens'
Alliance • was I the ; real • lssuej In- this {cam
paigri* and » that the of .the "Fu
sion 1 candidates would * mean '\u25a0: probable
clvlc'discord.; V: '. -'.-."\u25a0"-' . -. ["',
\u25a0 ; He : again took \u25a0 up .- the, bond ; sale ques
tion^ declaring -t that $4,000,000 £worth
of ,the bonds had : been sold,' 1 and that;only ;
pai^f of : the' money, thus received; had i been"
spent; ln? lmprovements. : He^claimed that
Pages 37 to 48
it would . be . foolish to sell more bonds
until this money ;• was used up. He an
nounced ':. that the r plans ' for the Geary
street '"electric .-.road had been placed in
his hands by, the City. Engineer, and would
be given; to -the: Board of \u25a0 Supervisors on
Monday.'*...;, \u25a0 - ; .V'.'. \u0084 . .' \u25a0
v A' well; filled hall greeted the Mayor at
Ocean View. '.where; he^spoke for fifteen
minutes. "-IHe. also -visited- the . Cooper
Union's ball, ; Lyric .Hall: a -ball; at Eln
tracht't'Hall:.': the bair of - the Ancient \u25a0 Or
der; of , Hibernians. ' arid • the ball of Com
pany; A, National Guard of, California, at
their armory."';.'; ', - ; .\u25a0 ; \u25a0'! \u25a0.-' ".";;\u25a0\u25a0 . .
; - Mayor Schm4tzspent yesterday morning
among; the .business men; of ; the wholesale
district* • i^Vt:noon;he addressed a gather
ing of; workmen at Sansome and Chestnut
streets.' : .: %:' ;;* .• '\u25a0\u25a0'.\u25a0 '"./\u25a0.- ;. . -' ,;,
TO .WORK, FOR BRAS DENSTEIX.
: t Over / a ; hundred young 'voters ; met at
the t ;Brandehstein headquarters- in 'the
.Windsor. Hotel !Jast evening- and organ-:;
lzed "' the :;: Young?" Men's ",' » Brandeh st e ln
dub.^-jThe'- j! following,; officers ".''were
elected: V- President, ';'•': Matthew \u25a0S.lßrady;'
first vice president. John P. Murphy;
second vice president, Victor H. Elf en
da hi M"..'L.-ChoVnskl. Tho
club promises to do lively work in
vote-getting. ; for the organization Is
very thorough' and covers every, section
of the city. Energetic campaigning of
the enthusiastic, irresistible order is to
be waged.. .
•\ " Ttie following campaign committee,
representing- every district, was ap
pointed: -afefiS
' -Charles L. Thompson. Frank M. Robinson.
Dr. Arthur T. MeGinty. Hush O'Connor. James
TV Tlndal. Joseph Baptists. Charles R. Hol
tonrA. L Welt. Yda Waldrop. Edward L Cof
fey.CharksH.: White. Peter Gefforos. Ralph
E. Fllcher. Andrew H. Youn*.- Frank I>. Mac
beth. James H. Mulcahey.' P. L. Bushy Jam«*
TV. \u25a0 Beretta.' Frank R. Smith. -A. J. Dunker.
Ambrose \u25a0 Ghertnl. -M. S. Hamilton. Georse M.
Davis, N". O. " Conn. G. BaoUalupl. '; Joseph E.
H*aly. H. C Symonds. John J. -O'Connor. Rob
ert Cunningham, ' Dr. • Adolpta • Baer. Felt.%
Brady. '• Louis. T. ." Brown. V Alan yW. Maglnl?.
Jesse Seller. ' Frank J. Bauer.: James Murpny.
William -Kuimeus, • John ;C. QuinLin. T. •E.
Paw lickl. Julian F." Rosenberg, Robert P. Keat
ing. V. J. Donovan.". Walter J.'-'Dyer. Henry
Schwerlß. James P. --Walsh. William A. Citron.
John Malamls. Michael Hay c*. -U.j A. < ftuur,
Joseph *T. O'Coaaor. .'38
.:[ : ~ \u25a0 "Sports" •;\u25a0'•\u25a0- 1
SNED IGAR'S GREAT SPRINT RESULTS IN A TOUCHDOWN FOR CALIFORNIA
/ ----- - — -----
Williams Tears Up
After the Speedy
Halfback-
Force Makes a Field
Goal During the
First Half.
PARK WINSLOW
I Sprint racing was one of the most
-prominent features of the entertain
'nient -provided by the University of
California and the Oregon Agricultural
College iootball teams on the gridiron
at Berkeley yesterday. Two leu-second
*nie:i «r«re putea against each other for
a sixiy-yird run and wtiile the race
•was on ihe immense crowd was as
EiUi.t as the deathless hills that keep
jr^aru ever the California Held. When
Mie struggle wiis over the cheers rose
tu' the Eentiii.
It ill happened in the second balf of
the lootbali game. California had the
ball On h*r own nfiy-yard line. Quar
itrback Whitman ululated u;e signal
in bis own falsetto way. It was Sncd
igar with the pigs>ki:i close in around
\lue blue and gold left end.
iCttrelle put CocjK-r yoi of commis
sion. Head bowled over Dolan. Cali
furnia'a right half -had a clear rield.
AVilliaias, Oregon's left half, who has
made his own ten sceci;d on half a
d'-xen tracks, took up the chase six feel
behind. The other players and officials
composed the tail of this double
headed comet.
Slightly swerving to the right, Sned
s?ar t hot down the field In his pacer
stride. Just out of tackling distance
"Wiliiaihs followed with the speed of a
lice horcre. Where their legs should
have been was a blur. The last chalk
line was coming nearer to Sn'edigar, but
t-o was Williams. "Will he catch him?"
was the thought in every mind. Finally
the Oregon man dove through the air.
He clasped the striped stockings of the
California^ and Snedigar was down.
But the bullet-like blue and gold back
had just crossed the line and it was a
Touchdown — the only one of the day.
Force kicked the goal, which, with a
ftld goal in the Jirst half, completed
the score of ten.
. The boys from the home town of the
Holy Boilers put up a splendid fight.
ThVir coach is "Doc" Steckel. who
bandied Nevada two years ago. when
ihe sabebrushers tied Stanford and de
feated .California. Coach Knibbs sent
in the freshmen backs at first. After
&t»out fifteen minutes of play it seemed i
that the elevens were pretty evenly
matched. Then the varsity back field
entered the lists and the complexion of
the contest changed.
Just before the close of the half Cali
fornia secured the ball on Oregon's
thirty-yard line as a result of a fumble
and Force kicked a field goal. The
home team made several other fruitless
attempts to duplicate' this play during
the remainder of the game. The work
of the four men behind the rush line
was a revelation to everybody and
must have brought fear to the hearts
of a bunch of Stanford football men
-who watched the contest from the
bleachers. The way those backs harn
wered out ga^ns reminded me for all
the world of the -manner Knibbs' alma
sr.ater back used to come through
the hole where I should have "been In the
r>M days cf the new England triangular
league. Th*> point is that California's
backs play like Dartmouth's and that
is and has been for many years top
notch quality.
The line is still weak in spots. Kit
trelle Is improving rapidly at end and
may yet have his portrait hung in the
haii of football fame. From present
Indications California -will send an ex
o-llent eleven into the field a week
from Saturday. Pilkington and Wil
liams played the best game for Oregon
yesterday.
; Th* line-up follows:
r^UJcrrJs, Portticti*. Oregon.
T:j!Sou.. REX Griffith-Emeljr
Fere* -Stow R.T.L. . nik!n«Ton-Grtfflth
Pterr. Ft.G.L. . Duniap-Pilkityrton
Haf>y Octw Walker
Ore y-K«*t«>r L.O. B . BuiKijr-LJUIe-DuaJap
Bush-nichartiscTi... L.T.R Polan
KlttT»3!e - L.E.R Ccop*r
Fchaeffcr-'W Mtn«a Quarter K*lnhan
Stacioc-Snw'.iEar- , \u25a0\u25a0 » \u25a0
I^ic* n.H.B Koot
«>rf-Ut-a<l L.H.B William*
Rfcir.ehan'.t-PTwnT- '\u25a0' : * -
Wfcartea. Fu!l - Abraham
Official*— K<»fer<><- «tnJ umpire alternately.
••P*te" Smith <bxA K«rtK!li Hamilton. HaJv«
— Tw*>ntj--fh * ard f*-?TUy m'.nutcs. Score —
ralifcmia I<*. Oreraa <\
«1\ JO«E*S SMART SET *$
SEE CHASE PL.4Y
SAX JOSE. Oct. 2*. — Society will turn
o-jt t^-morwr.- afternoon at Oyclrrs'
Park to a!J the Woman's Club In rais
ins ftmds to remodel a building they
recently purchased for a club house.
A baseball game and bicycle races will
be held under th# auspices of the ladles.
.Hal Chas*. the noted ball-player of the
N>w York team. -will make his first
appT-ranre for th^ season on a. local
•liSTnosd. and he will be given a re
reption. Elmer Strlcklett. another big
league rlay^r from Brooklyn, will also
appear in the catne.
All the fast riders of the city have
entered in the bicycle races. Many
visitors from adjoining towns are ex
pected. The ladies have sold many
tickets for the event, and there Is no
doubt that the event will be one of
"the £Teatest ever conducted by the Wo
man's Club*. ._._
With medicines as with other things, the surest test of ' T^OYEAJ^SI
Trorth is the length of time they have the confidence cf 1 0jfCU&ES\
ihe people. The efficacy cf S. S. S. has been thoroughly " <L-^.
proven by experience, and so successful has it been that -K^r
today it is the best known and most widely used blood >*%;
remedy in the world. For diseases such cs Rheumatism, Catarrh, Scrofula,
Ghin DL<^ases, Sores and Ulcers, Contagions Elood Poison, and other troubles
. due to an impure and poisoned condition of the blood, no remedy acts so
* promptly and thoroughly as does S. S. S., and thousands throughout the
country, cured of such diseases, are daily recommending it.to others simi-,
larly aSicted. £T5 SORTY YE/LRS CF EXISTENCE HAVE BEEN
FORTY YEARS OF CU3ES. S. S. S. is a blood purifier of the highest
order, containing properties necessary to cure blood troubles of every character,
and which make it the greatest of all tonics. It £ocs into the blood and drives
outany and ainmpnrities, and makes this stream of life strong and healthy^
and when this is done disease cannot remain. Being made entirely from roots,
herbs and barks, chosen for their healing, purifying and building-up proper?
ties, it does not injure any cf the delicate organs or tissues cf the body as do
, those medicines which contain Potash, Mercury, Arsenic or other harmful min-r
erals, but cures safely as well as permanently. S. S. S. reaches deep-seated
and inherited cases oa which the crdirary Sarsaparillas and tonics have no
. ecsct- It is no experiment to use S. S. S. ; it is arerccdy with - a record; it
1-2S proven its worth and ability by its forty years of cures. If you need a
blood remedy begin the use of S. S. S.; write us about yoar case and let out
physicians advise you and sesd book on the blood; no charge for. either.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA*
OREGON KICKERS MAKE PLUCKY FIGHT
RED MEN PRESS
CARDINAL HARD
LOS ANGELES, Oct. IS.— Stanford 6,
Indians 4/ was the final score of the
gridiron contest at Fiesta. Park this af
ternoon, and if the result of the game
last Saturday on the same field between
Berkeley and the Indians and that of to- \u25a0
day can be taken as a standard of judg- i
ment, the prospects are bright for the j
boys of the State University. While the |
Indians showed more speed, and probably j
used better judgment to-day than they
did against Berkeley, the Stanford play
ers did not develop the aggressiveness of
the Berkeley giants, nor did the Cardinal
line hold as well against the smashing
plays of the heavy Indian team. It was a
better game from a spectacular stand
point than the one last Saturday, be- j
cause it was closer and the final score .
appeared to be in doubt at all times.. \
There was a small crowd in attendance, j
probably not half the number that saw |
the Berkeley team walk uirough the In
dian line last Saturday, and there was
very little enthusiasm, except when one
of the red men showed a brilliant bit of
speed around the Stanford ends or broke
through the line for gains.
Neither side scored In the first half,
which. like the Berkeley game, was cut
to twenty minutes. Frem the start It
was evident that the Indians were in
better form than last Saturday, and the
way they broke through Stanford's line
soon compelled the varsity team to re
sort to kicking. Even at this they lost
ground. The most sensational play of
the first half was the" run of Lugo, the
big Indian right halfback. Breaking
through Stanford's left end, he carried
the ball forty-five yards down the field
before he was downed.
Stanford played desperately in the sec
ond half and gradually worked down the
field to the Indians' goal. Chalmers, Stott
and Thompson were repeatedly sent
through for gains, the latter finally be
ing carried over for a touchdown from
the five-yard line. Crawford kicked goal
and the score was 6 to 0.
Ten minutes remained for play and the
Indians went to.it like wild men. After
an exchange of kicks, the Indians had
the ball on Stanford's forty-yard line,
Lugo was sent around for twenty and
ten yards In succession and with ten
yards to go Tortes kicked a field goal
p.nd the score stood 6 to 4. The game
ended with the ball in the hands of the
Indians on their ten-yard line. ..
OAKLAND HOIIXETS MIX
WITH SE.IME.VS INSTITUTE
An eleven of British sailors gathered
by the Rev. H. A. Collison. one of the
chaplains of the Seamen's Institute,
played a friendly match ""of association
football against a team of Oakland
Hornets on the ground at Freeman's
Park, GoMen Gate, yesterday after
noon. Jesse Moore Officia«ed as referee.
The ground was hard and. dusty, but
a good game was played, the sailors
losing one goal to four goals. The
teams lined up in the following posi
tions: v
OaXlaad Seamen's
Hornets. Positions. Institute.
Inwood Goalk«H«p«T Chelk
Householder RlKht back Mylehretst
Vcn Helms Left back Harris
faster Right halfback Harding
Hunter -.Center halfback Parker
Bowden Left halfbark Thurrton
Cfcristensen Outsld« right Collison
Krauskopp InsH* rf»rht Russell
Chamber* Center forward Langley
Poineroy Inside left C&tton
Lowell Outsiil* left. Robertsun
St. (irorco Cricketers Win.
RIVERSIDE. , Oct. 2S. — The crack
Sons of St. George cricketers of Los
Anp*>les defeated the local team by a
score of 171 to S7 to-day.
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL/ : SUNDAY; OCTOBER .29, "1905.
BERKELEY LADS
ROUT OAKLAND
The football team from the Berkeley
High School yesterday afternoon . de
feated the Oakland High School team
by the dt-cislve score of 20-0, making
its average for the last ten years
nine wins, eight of which were con
secutive, and placing the team In the
finals for the championship of the State
of California,
The Oakland team was no match for
the supporters of the red and yellow,
the Berkeley boys going through their
line 'and around their ends seemingly
at will. Every play that was run oft
by the winning team went like clock
work, nnd their victory was won solely
on merit.
The first half^ was the only time
during £ the cohtest* that the' Oakland
boys played jn any kind- of form, hold
ing the-ir-oj'ponviits .down to one place
kick. " ; ; ' . - •- - \u25a0; "
Harris of Oakland then.' ..kicked ;Oft
to Alathe'-vs on the goal,- iitie," and. Uha
latter ,ra.n in" nearly twfen,ty^>*ards.
Berkeley then bucked to their forty-*
yard Hnt. but were set back, for off
side play. To regain territory a fake
kick was tried. Maihews making twen
ty yards by the trick..; Fifteen more
were n«>xt gained on ;i quarterback
sneak. During- the entire game this
play was successfully used by both
teams, and rartly less than two yards
were gained. However,v this "sneak"
didn't :?o, for Main penalized the Berke
ley team because its quarterback l'alleil
to run out live yards before cutting
in. Berkeley was forced to kick, and j
the half ended with the ball on Oak- !
land's twenty-yard line.
In the second half the Oakland men
seemed to weaken. ; iust as they did
last year in the flnals^with Uck. Sol^
insky of Berkeley kicked off. The bait
went- right through an Oakland man's
hands and bounded high in the air,
only to be "copped" on Us descent by
Merritt, who toolkit, on the run. He
made straight for this- goal line with
out being, molested.
The ijume between Lowell and Palo
Alto High will take plaoe'uext Satur
day afternoon at the Presidio Athletic
Grounds. t \u25a0" \u25a0
-The line-up was as follows: • .
Oakland. Position. Berkeley.
SpansrlT R. E. I* Weston
Maydtn R. T. L /.. Sollnsky
Harris R_ O. L. McKiniey
RaJph Center Doane
High .......L. G. R.:... ....Storng
Kutst.. L. T. R.. Stott
Malcolm .: L. E. R ...E. Sollnsky
I G. Walton Quarter '..'...-....Mi11er
; Rroud U. H.»L. .Mathewj
! U. Walton L. H. R... ..'... Merritt
Finnigan . Full ; . . Peck
i-ir-i'lre. Garibaldi; referee, "Bill" Main;
ctift ilareESjun, Korn.
Ea«(era ' Football Games.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Oct. 2S.— Case. 0; Ohio
State University, 0. .
ITHACA, JTi V.. Oct. rs.— Cornell, 68; Hav
enord. O.
ST. . PAUL. ' Oct. 2S— Minnesota. 46; Law
rence, O. .
INDIANAPOLIS. Oct. 2S.— Purdue 11; In
dlana, 11. .'
ANN ARBOR. Mich.. Oct. 29.— Michigan,
4S: Drake. 0, .
OMAHA. Oct. 2S.— Nebraska, 8; Creixhton
Univ«rtity, 0.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 2S-— Washington University,
23; Illinois 0. ;
BELOrr. Oct. 28.— Beloit College. 41; Rlpon
Collere. 0. .
PIVrt'BCRG, Oct. 28.— Georgetown; 0; Wash
lngton and Jefferson, 27. . ,
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 2S.— University of
Pear.srlv»ula. C: Carlisle. 0.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28. — Princeton, 12; Co
lumbia, 0.
ANNAPOLIS. On. 2S. — Swarthnrore, o.
Navy. 5.
3 WASHINGTON, Oct. 2S.— Georse Waehtng
tor. 0; University of Maryland. (J.
MONMOUTH. 111.. Oct. 23.— Monmouth. 29;
Knox. 0.
CLINTON. N. T.. Oct. 28.— Hamilton 22;
Trinitr. 15.
SOUTH BEND Oct. 2S. — Wesleyan G; Mil
liken x . :
lOWA CITY. Oct. 2S-— lowa. 45; State Nor-
CHAMPAIGN, Oct. 2S-— lllinois, 30; Phy
sicians and Surgeons of Chicago, 0.
NASiniLLE, Oct. 2S.— Vanderbilt. 63,
Texas, 0. \u25a0''-.'
DENA'Ert, Ocu 2S.— University of Colcrado.
15: \u25a0 Kansas University.- 0.
• EVAN'S! ON. Oct. 2s.— Chicago. 31 ; Nortfi
weatem. C. - • • : . . \u25a0
TOPEKA. Oct. 2S.— Washburn. 3; Okla
homa/ C - '. ' .. \u25a0: .\u25a0 • \u25a0 -'. .•;
WICHITA. Oct. 2S.— Haskell Indians. 16;
Fairmount College 0.
Gnanl* at tJic Turscti.
The members of the National . Guard
of this city and "vicinity are at this
time rnakintr preparations for the State
shoot. Companies B,C and D of the
Coast Artillery will- go \ to San', Rafael
on November 5 to complete the shoot
and endeavor to make a record. Com
pany 3 of tho '."Fit th Infantry . will ; ' 50
to -Llvermore* the same-day to fire at
the several „ distances. On November
2C .Companies 1> : and ; C, of jthe Coast
Artlller>' will shoot a return * match
with Company B_of. the Fifth Infantry.
. SAN DIEGO, ;Oct.i 28.— 1n the football
jrame ' to-day between"-';. the- Santa- Ana
High ; School team ; arid ; the local High
School eleven .the S<inta "Ana boys won
by? a", score of 16'to^O. ;,V; ,V .
SNAPSHOT PHOTOGRAPH OF ONE OF THE LIVELY SCRIMMAGES THAT HAP- j
PENED DURINu THE PROGRESS OF THE CALIFORNIA-OItEGON AGRI
CULTURAL. COLLEGE GAME ON THE BERKELEY GRIDIRON YESTERDAY. |
BLUE OF YALE
WAVES ON HIGH
WEST POINT. Xe'w^Yo'rfc.. OcC.2S.-4rt
Yale's » football team defeated West
Point .; to-day by the score of 20 to 0.
making three touchdowns . and ...one
safety. "Yale's large^ score .was made
during sudden spurts, in which " the
heavy eleven- threw" JVest Point's de
fense aside with apparent ease and
crossed the pridiron for touchdowns in
a few mass plays.
Aside from these few minutes' play
the game looked quite promising for
West Point. Toward the close of the
game Yaje's attack strengthened and
sensational runs were continually
made. The game was practically ended
before the time limit by hundreds of
enthusiasts running upon the field
after Yale's last touchdown had been
made on a 45-yard run by Quarterback
Jones.
Both elevens used mass play;; entirely.
Frequently a group of - four or five
Yale players broke through West
Point's defense and started an excit
ing obstacle race toward the army's
goal for gains of five and twenty yards.
At such times the soldier tackles werer
dragged along the ground by* the Yale
mass and stopped its progress -only by
throwing themselves on the ground to
be trampled on. V .
DOUBLES CHAMPIONSHIP
-WILL BE SETTLED TO-DAY
California Club Tennis Cracks Will
Compete For a Handxome Silver
liOvlnff Cup. r
There will be tournament matches on
both the California Club and Golden Gate
Park tennis court to-day. On the public
courts the doubles tournament for the
hay counties championship will be com
pleted. In the morning Carl Gardner and
Charles Dunlap will meet S. Gayness and
G. Hall in. the semi-final round.- R. N.
Whitney and Cha/les Foley will be op
posed to . the winning team in the finals
at 2:30 o'clock.
At the California Club the cracks will
meet In the first of a series of Handicap
singles events for a new three-time loving
cup. "Tnirty-two players affixed their
names to the entry list and the drawings
were held last night.
For the first time in many years the
bset players have been placed farther be
hind scratch than 30. " Several of the ex
perts will be called upon to owe odds of
30 3-6. The limit men will receive 30, and
if one of them does not carry off th»,hon
ors it will be no fault of t£e committee
that did the, handicapping; The • poorer
players have been given bigger odds than
ever before and ;the experts will have a
harder time .than,. usual, carrying off the
honors. .. This .'. system , of handicapping is
somewhat in the nature of an experiment
and will be changed If the results are not
satisfactory. Play will be called promptly,
at 10 o'clock. .
The drawing and' handicaps follow:
Firert round— Major Dncat (3C) -' vs. R. D.
Fry (30) ; Harry Holf e (owe 39 3-6) vs. Sidney
Saiisburr (ewe 15): Jcsenh Tobln (owe -30) v».
George Fuller (scratch) : i Mcu! tr n ': Warner
(scratch) vs. W. \u25a0 Burroughs {30) ; \u25a0B. F. Nourse
(owe 30) vs." Henry Mills (scratch): William
• Murphy CIS 3-C) v*. Webster (30):, Dr. Love
grove (scratch) vs. Albert Kenycn (owe 15):
T. D. Black (15) ; v». Herbert Schmidt (ovt
30 3-C); Carl Gardner (owe 30 3-ti)_VB. Harold
Gabriel* (owe 30); E. Bacon (3-6) vs. i X. Blais
dell (3C): Franlt Fuller (15) '.vb.' : A.:"Re>-fnss
.(scratch): Dv A'al Moore (scratch) v*. Heroen
Lone (owe 30 3-6) : W. G. Knowlton (3-6) vs.
A E. Black . (15) ; R. B. DaKKftt (15) vs.~ Mcl-
Till* Long (owe 3C); C G. Knehn (15) v» ;
Spence' Grant (scratch) : H. Ersklne (30) vs.
: H. . A. i Bidd'e (scratch).
-.The draw doubles tournament which
was- to have -been played: by : the . young
ladies on the park ' courts J yesterday ' was
postponed indefinitely. : They committee
decided : that ,i not . en.ough teams - had * en-;
tered to warrant a running off : the event.
It will probably, be^ played next. Saturday
or; the Saturday following. > : f
Tennj- Put* i HenneMfy Aiwy.
: MARYSVIIXE, Oct. 2S.— ln the fifth
round to-nijrht ,. Harry \u25a0 .Tenny . knocked
Middy Hennessey out {.with , '\u25a0\u25a0'> a - : right
hook on the ; jaw," Hennessey,, tried ; to
continue": tho tight, -but fell after "rising
and. Referee 'Locbne* gaye { the, decision:
to Tenny, There had f been J little I doin g
up to^the time the'end came and" honors
stood , even. The fls^ht ; was. hand Jed by
the Phoenix .Athletic sCiubv, ;;."'
HARVARD HITS
IHE LINE HARD
CAMBRIDGE. Mass., Oct. . 2S.— By
straight plunging football with variatione
and a sturdy defense. Harvard scored a
touchdown In each half against Brown
to-day, but the first try at the goal was
missed, while In the second the kick was
spoiled by Denny of Brown running out
and catching the ; ball. Two runs by
Schwartz, the- Brown quarterback, for
twenty yards each were the longest of
the game.
The score was Harvard, 10; Brown. 0.
Harvard's first score was made from a
start on Brown's flfty-three-yard line,
ten yards of it being on a panelty on
Brown. The start for the second score
was made on Harvard's thirteen-yard
line, the ball being carried without loss
for ninety-seven yards.
TALENT HAS A GOOD
LINE OK THE HOUNDS
Blanche Jewett Creates a
>M\& Surprise by Beating
The Mist.
The hares at Ingleslde coursing park
yesterday were a fleet lot and many of
them made the escapes" before the grey
hounds got a turn. But two rounds
of the open stake were run. It .will be
finished to-day. -with three other events.
The talent had "a good line on the dogs,
as nearly every course was won on Its
merit. The Mist, which was figured to
have a good chance for the money, lost
to Blanche Jewett In the first round.
The deciding course of the Cham
pion Etake. which was left .unfinished
from last Sunday, should prove a great
race to-day -when Sampler and Orslna
meet. Orsina has been showing a great
burst of speed and has been lending the
best of them to the hare of late. Ths
following are the results, with Judge
John Sutton's official scores:
Open -stake — First round: Pasha
King beat Little Freestone. 11-1; Idle
ness beat Lupin, 7-4; Gallant Friend
beat Fenll, 8-6; Sunny Shore beat
Queen's Beauty. 6-2; Nickel beat Busy
Boy, 7-0; Pure Pearl beat Walt for
Me, 10-6; Miss Viking beat Magnolia
Blossom, 18-9; Peerless Beauty beat
My Surprise. 7-4; Mercedes beat Im
promptu, 9-0; Gertrude beat Miss
Rocklln. 6-1; Little Plunger beat Yel
lowtail, 6-4; Rose Clark beat Sweet
ness, 5-2; Golden Wand beat . Little
Claude, 11-1;' Lady Fieldwick beat
Eric Flush, 11-2; Whoa Bill beat J. R..
14-6; Whiskey Dick beat Intruder. 7-3;
Miss Brummel ; beat Bright Pearl. 9-0;
Clyde. beat Vallejo Star. 13-11; Blanche
Jewett beat The Mist, 7-5; Butt In beat
Medea,. l2-8; Odd Eyes beat Tom Hur
lick, 3-2; Lampre Eel beat Young
Rosle R. 7-4; Queen's Motto a . bye.
Blue Bells .withdrawn; Sweet i Tooth
beat Dear Gaston. 14-12; Miss Green
beat ; Mornin g Glory. 7-2 ; R. " W. beat
Glitter,; 7-0; Prometheus beat John L.
Sullivan,." 7-4;-; Moonbeam beat Golden
Buck, IS-4; Pride : of the Hill a' bye;
\u25a0 Dolly.i ßishop withdrawn; • Sunny Brook
beat Concord Boy. 6-3; Una beat Helen
Drew," 4-1. . J li ; , ';',
; Second round — Idleness ; beat Pasha
Kins.- 9-0: Sunny Shore beat. Gallant
Friend, 14-1; l»ure Pearl beat Nickel. 7-3;
Miss Viking \u25a0 beat Peerless Beauty. 4-3;
Mercedes. beat Gertrude, 11-3;" Little Plun
ger beat Rose Clark.' 7-4; Lady Fieldwick
beat -Golden . Wand, 11-3; St. . Julian BUI
beat Whoa Bill. 11 -fi; Miss Brummel beat
Whiskey /Dick. 9-0; Queen's > Motto beat
Lampre Eel, 3-3; : Sweet Tooth ' beat Miss
Green, 11-3; Prometheus beat R W, 7-1:
Moonbeam beat Pride of the Hill. 7-3;
Una beat Sunnybrook. 9^7.
Arlela .Will Entr rtaln Friend s.
"The officers and members of the
Ariel TRovhng^ Club .will/ grlve a. recep
tion! for; ladles s at their clubhouse\ near
the Arctlij "Oil \ Works. 1 at the .foot* of
Seventeenth ;streetT to-day, beginning
at 11 Irithermornlns. There * will : be
races^ In^fourroarcd ;barsres. outrlg^ed
skiffs," Jsicsle v shells and * jWhltehiills:
also :•' swimming' arid boxing" . • contests.
In the- main hall. an. entertainment will
be^giyen \ and refreshments ? served. 1/
GIANTS ALL WALLOP
WHALEN'S CURVES.
During the Seventh and Ninth Rounds
They Make Enough to Win.
RESULTS OF GAMES.
Portland 4j S«a Fraacisc© 1.
Oakland 2; Taroma 1.
Los Ansele* 3» Seattle 2, (Ten ln
nlngrs.)
GAMES TO-DAY."
Portland at San ' FrancUeo, mural nz
and afternoon.
Taroma at Oakland, mornlne * alt
afternoon. - <?r' 1
Seattle at Lon Aneeles.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
- . ~- - W. L. Pet- ... - .W-L-Pct-
Los Angele». 44 32 .579 Portland 33 a« •*'*
Oakland 43 3» .531 Seattle 3* *» -*°S
t-aa Fran. ...41 3"* .511 Tacoma 3W 4- .41.
The Giants decided to wade in and
break up their losing streak yesterday
afternoon, and, although Uncle Hank
sent in Jimmy Whalen to work. It did
not seem to bother the stars from Port- j
land at all. For six innings they did •
nothing but field like big leaguers. J
After that time they turned their at- I
; tention to walloping the- leather and
i in the seventh and ninth they gathered
I four runs, which was plenty.
i In the meantime Cy Ferry was pitch
ing. ball that would beat most any
team. The Seals could hardly get a
foul off him and when they^ did line
the leather down the grassy way some
I agile fielder was always there to grab
It. In fact San Francisco did not figure
at all till the last round of play, when
they managed to slug Ferry for a run,
but fell down with three men still .on.
tne bases.
Mohler opened up the ninth for
Uncle with a slashing double against
the far right field fence. Hfldebrand
died easy, but Nealon clouted one to
the Scoreboard for two sack* and Moh
ler arrived with the only run. Irwin
and Gochnauer walked and "Wheeler
was called to stick In place of Wilson,
but he could do no better than line
an easy one to Atz.
Van Buren started It off for the
v.ants in the seventh by rapping out a
single to left. Mitchell laid one down
and Xealon dropped Whalen's throw.
Schlafley sacrificed both along and Mc-
Lean sent them home with a hit past
short: He was »orced at second by ilc-
Hale,' who advanced on a balk and
crossed the plate as Sweeney ripped
one to left.
The Giants added one more in the
ninth on Schlafley*s double and Sween
ey's second hit. They fielded without
an error and all the lnflelders were
kept busy picking up the hot ones and
throwing them over to first, Atz
played a grand game, as did Schlafley
and McHale. T«e latter had six
chances out In center field. * The score:
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Atx. ss 4 © 0 O 2« 0
McCreedle. rf 4 © 2 O 1 O O
Van Buren. If 3 1 1 O 0 0 O
Mitchell, lb 3 1 O 0 12 0 0
Schlafley. 2b ...3 1 1 O S « ©
McL*an. c. ...4 O t © 1 J 0
McHale. cf 3 1 O 1 5 1 O
Sweeney. Sb ....... 4 0 2 1 3 0 0
Ferry. P 4 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 32 4 8 2 27 15 •
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R.TBH. SB. PO. A. E.
Waldroa. cf 4 O 10 4 0 0
Mohler. 2b 2 1 1 1 2 3 0
Hild-brand, U 4 O 1 1 2 1 *
NeaJon. lb 3 O 1 1 » 1 \
Householder, rf .... 4 O O 0 10 0
Irwin, 3b 2 0 0 1 1 'O 0
Gochnauer. w 3 0 0 0 2 2 O
Wilson, c 3 0 0 0 5 O 9
Whalen. p 3 © 1 * 1 * •
-Wheeler 10 0 0 0 0 0
Totals ........... 1 3 4 27 12 1
•Batted for Wilaqn In the ninth.
RUNS AND IHITS BT INNINGS.
Portland 0 0 0 0 0-Q 8 O^l — 4
Bwe- hit. 0 0 0 0 O 1 3 1 3-*
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 © I— l
Base, hit? 1 0 O 0 0 1 © 1 2—4
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits— McOwdle. AVhal en. Schla
fley Muhler. Nealon. Sacrifice htt»-Mltchell.
Schlafley. MeHale. First base on «rror»—
Portland 1- First ba»e on called ba!l»— OS
Ferry 3. off Whalen 2. Left on bas*»-Port
land 6. San Francisco 7. Struck out— By Ferry
1. by Whalen 5. Hit by pitcher— lrwtn. Dou
ble play^-Schlafley to Atx to Mitchell: Mc-
Hale to Schlafley. Balk— Whalen. Tim. of
f amf — 1:53. Umpire — DavU.
SHIELDS WEAKKXS AT FI.VISH.
Ansel* Vafce l> ' and Bring; Victory
Home In Tenth.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 28.— Los Angeles
won a ten-Inning game from Seattle
to-day after a stubborn contest from
start to finish. Shields and Tozer. the
opposing pitchers, were at their best.
Shields being invincible with men on
bases until the ninth inning. Errors
by Los Angeles largely contributed to
Seattle's two runs. Score:
Va,; 'LOS ang£l£S.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bernard, c. f 5 0 2 0 2 0 0
Flood, 2b 4. 0 116 3 1
Smith. Sb 3 0 0 0 13 0
Brashear. «. s 3 1112 12
Dillon, lb 3 * 1 0 12 1 0
Cravath. r. f. 5 0 1 0 O 0 1
Ros*. I. t 4 1 2 1 0 O O
Eaear c 3 1 1 ©• 30
Tore-.'p 4 0 0 0 _O _2 I
Total* 3« 3 9 3 30 13 B
SEATTLE. \u25a0
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bennett, 2b 3 0 1 0 1 • 0
Kane, c. 1.... 5 J ? ? 5 2 S
Walter*, r. f... 4 1110 0 0
Frary c 4 0 0 0 5 0 0
Streib. 1b.... 4 0 0 0 18 .2. 2 0
Croll. I. t • 4 0 0 0 10 0
Lauterbom. 3b 4 « 2 O 0. 0 0
R. HalU ........... 3 01024.1
Shields, p^:... ...... 4 0 1 O 2 S 0
Totals^. 35 2 « 1 -29 15. 1
•Two out when winning run scored.
B.UNS AJCD HITS HT U*NINGS.
Los Anseles.. 0 0 00 0 0 O 0 21—3
Base bits... 2 0 0 2 1 1 10 1 I—9
Seattle *.. 0 00100001 o—20 — 2
I Base hlta... 1000100211—8
J J SUMMAKT.
J Two-base ; bit— Earar. Sacrifice hits — Smith.
R, Hall. Ftrst base oa error* — Lo« Aaf«le» 1.
• Seattle .2. Lett on bases — Los Aapeles I<\
I Seattle 6. Bases on balls — Off Shields 5. off
J Toxer 2. Struck oat — By Tozer 5." by Shields 4.
1 Doable plays — Shields t« R. Hall to Str«lb.
, Passed ball — ilasrar. Tim- cf came — Oae hour
< and fifty-five minutes. Umpire — Perla«.
BLEXRUD lIOIJJS TIGERS DOW>.
* C«mm«trn Take Another nrace- and
; Rout theTiromu.
j It was a hattlo of pitchers yesterday
j at Idora Park. Blexrud. for the Com-
J mutcrs.- being urrayed against Emer
j son. Blexrud won. and the game went
I to Oakliind by a score of;2:to 1." Both
pitchers held the batters well In hand.
I and the three runs made during the
\u2666 nine innings were due to errors*
I Tacoma opened the proceedings in
• the fqurth.. when Nordyke went, to
1 first on Franck's ; error and took sec
ond on a wild, pi ten. ~ He went to thlr.l
on a fly out to right field. , With two
J. out. , Lynch hit -and Nordyke scored.
I That was all that Tacoma did.
1 Oakland made two In the sixth. Van
•Haltren w-ent to first on Truck Easran's
errur, and Kruyer ; followed [ a
three-Aagrgpr. That scored Rip. and
Krufffr went home on * Dunlevy's. nan]
uroundcr. In; the slxth^Taconsa'and In
the. eighth'? Oakland had t the bases full
with nobody^ out, but both teanss fail* J
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
to hit when hits would count. The
score:
TACO3CA.
. AB. R- BH. 83. PO. A. E
Doy!e. rf !\u25a0 » } J | J J
Shwhan. Sb 4 O 1 9 O 2 9
Nordyke. IJ> * I I i *? 5 ?
Lruch. cf 4 0 1 * *\u25a0• • °.
Ca4*r. 2b 4 0 1 0 * * •
Onhaa. c H S » » J J 2
Ea:er»oa. p 2 0 I O © 3 •
Total* -30 1 « 3 2* 13 S
OAKLAND.
AB. R, BH. S3. PO. A. E
Van Ha!tr*n, ef 4 1 1 • * ? 2
Kru«»r. rf » \u25a0 1 1 O 2 • •
Duaiea.vy. If 4 O © 9 S °— <>
JJonktman. lb *•©•>•*\u25a0 I
Kelly. 2b 2 O • « * 2 1
Fraseks. •* 3 0 f> 9 1 * 1
Devwta&x. 3b 3 9 1 © 2 I I
Mcil array, c 3 © 1 • 3 S 9
Blexnsd. 9 3 O 1 0 t * J 1
TotaU . .....29 2 5 0 27 13 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNIXG3.
Tteetaa « 0 0 10 0 9 0 o— t
Daw hit» 1 0 » 1 1 1 X 0 1-*
Oalclaad 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 x— 2
Bas* bit* O O 0 O 1 11 S x— s
SVMMaRT.
TllTee-base hit — Kmjer. Two-bt»e bit —
Blexnsii. Sacrifice hit» — Ea«nc2, Easaa. Me-
La'JshlJa. Fir* bas* oa *rrcr»— Tacotaa :.
Oak.ar.4 t. Klrst ba»*> 33 called bar.*— -TTi
EDtracs 3. off B>rrod 2. * Left en ba»e»—Ta
camo 7. Oaklaad 3. Stnek out— By Emerson
2 trr Blexrud X Dc=b!» play*— i"ranck« to
Devereacx: Ca>«y to Xertlyk*: Francka to
K*ny to Moskteiaa. Wild pl:ebe»— Blexrud J.
Tiiae of razw — Oo« hour 35 miaute*. Lsrplr*
— Sanirao.
LIVELY HABES KEEP *
THE DOGS HUSTLIXG
Many Short -Enders Brin?
Home the Money at
Union Park.
One round of the reserve stake and t*o
rounds of the Reserve Consolation stake
were run down at Union Coarstas Paris
yesterday. The bares all had speed and
led the boends a merry hotfoot. Upsets
\u25a0were cuite numeroos and many premis
ing short enders came throngs.
The Junior Champion staxe. the Cham
pion stake and the balance of tha two
unSnisised events will furnish th» attrac
tion at the park to-<lay. Some great spor*^
Is expected in the first stake, for the Uv«s-^
lleai youngsters in the running are cani-j
ed to compete. Following are tha resultJ^
with Judge P. J. ReiHy's oficial scores:
Reserve stake, first roend— Angns Cis
sus beat Rock Roller.. 12-3: Muggsy beat
Rushaway. S-4; Jim Lamb beat Jack
Short, 7-5: Golden Garter beat TJuhaUow,
15-5; Forest Fire beat Ed-nrale, 5-4: Th«
Rirai beat Meal Ticket, &-0: Tralee Lai
beat In Time. 6-4; Badly Used beat Maid
CDyne. 5-1: Slroc beatLLC. 14-8; Pres
to beat Bonnie Flush. »-©; Real American
beat Blaze. 4-0; Tralee Maid beat Happy
Lad. T-5; False Alarm beat Eagle. 14-<;
Inl Clssns beat Clck J. S-0; Raby Aurora
beat Allbe Royal. 14-0; Lady Athlete beat
Bellandlne. n-3: Stingaree beat Shot Gnc.
8-7; Wild Mist beat BeCe Marie. 7-5; Sea
Lion beat Maid of the Glen. 5-3; Sherman
beat Real Pasha, fr-0: Fetterless beat The
Referee, f-1; Blue Bell boat Royal Spirit.
4-0; Tamora beat Full Moon. H-»: Matt
Rainey beat Free from Flaw. 6-5; Terra
Cotta beat Gold Chain. 13-4: Golden. beat
Cubanola. 4-0; Amandan beat Bill Rocker.
6-1: Fiery Rock beat T>omesUc Lad. 8-1:
The Limit beat Roman Fire. 9-4; Fiery
Cross beat Jimmy Allen. 5-1: Renegad-
Apache beat lodine..7-1; Frank Dunn beat
Ruby Athlete. 12-5; Fair Flying beat
Frank C. 10-5; Paul Dunbar beat Frisco
Lad, 3-1; Fire Maid beat Reckless Acro
bat. S-7; The Navy beat Dolly Bishop.
5-2.
Reserve Consolation* stake, first
round — Rushaway beat Rock Roller
5-S; Jack Short beat Duhallow 14-1:
Edenvale beat Meal Ticket Mi Maid
O*Dyne beat In Time 2-0: L L C beat
Bonnie Flush 7-4; Happy Lad \u25a0 bye.J
Blaze withdrawn; Eagle beat Dick -I
3-0: Ailbe Royal beat Bellandine 22-0;
Belle Marie beat Shot Gun »-«: Real
Pasha beat Maid of the Glen S-*: The
Referee a bye. Royal Spirit with
drawn; Free from Flaw a bye. Full
Moon withdrawn; Cubanola beat Gold
Chain 15-S; Domestic Lad beat Bill
Rocker 6-3; Jimmy Allen beat Roman
Fire 5-2; Ruby Athlete beat lodins
24-0; Frank C beat Frisco Lad 13-T;
Reckless Acrobat beat The Navy «-0.
Second round — Jack Short beat Rush
away 11-9: Edenvale beat Mai.l
O'Dyne 5-1; Happy Lad beat L L C
5-s:* Eagle beat Ailbe Royal 5-1; Belle
Marie beat .Real Pasha 4-2: The Ref
eree beat Free from Flaw 19-2: Do
mestic Lad beat Cubanola 5-2: Jlmmr
Allen a bye. Ruby Athlete withdrawn;
Reckless Acrobat beat Frank C 3-9.
YOU
CAN
WHEN
m\J^ CURED
sj**S /-**s>/ -**5> v* If yo^ com^ to m<?
lsV-»- 't M for treatment, ex-
\?*»*r <**94L' pect to be cured.
V^lLit-il^SSfeJ * f othrr* havr
t*l>d. fipwt nic
v r *•> fnrf jou. ln-
/^^v_HiS*s lescs I know that
y\ 1 T\ x caa cuT * you *
/V I J\ \s will not accept
/ VS.I V \ \ s your case, and In
\\Tl V--* every Instance I
DR. O. C JOSLU.V tr«t fcT my ow»
Tie T^fafltTtr Specialist, •rtelnal •own*"
.. ntetfcods and sci-
entific methods. I treat
MEN ONLY
I IMy Fees Are Far arid My I
iI - : Carw Ara Pertn^nsnt |
My experience as «. specialist In
i men's diseases is of a »r venter n-
I y««r «|««Hty. I treat and cure
i "WEAKNESS." SPERM-\TOR-
RHOEA. -VARICOCELE. HYDRO-
CEL.E. CONTR-VCTET* DISORDERS.
SPECIFIC BLOOD POISON. STRIC-
TURE AXT> PILES.
Consultation and advice is Free.
All correspondence answered in
plain sealed envelop*.
DR. O. C. JOSLEN y
TO3 MARKET STREET.
' . Corner .^larkrt and Krarmr Sts.
sax.:fraxcisco»' oal.REINSURED FORTEVIOT HAS REACHED PORT
Overdue British Shi]). Quoted
at 15 Per Cent. Arrives
From Shields.
«
Large Fleet of Sailing Ves
sels Passes In Through the
Golden Gate.
Chaplain of Eussian Cruiser
* \u25a0 Lena Dies on Eve of War
ship's Departure.
The overdue British ship Forteviot,
which was quoted for reinsurance at
16 per cent, arrived yesterday after
noon, one of a large fleet of sailing
vessels which rn:ide port all in a
bunch. The Forteviot brings a cargo
of general merchandise from England.
She was 15S days from Newcastle.
Among the wind jammers whose ar
rivals kept quarantine and Custom
house ofiicials busy until after sunset
were two French barks, both from the
old world. The Emma Laureant ar
rived from HuJL and from Swansea
came La Rocheja.quilein.
The safe arrival of the Forteviot cuts
down the number of vessels on the
overdue list to four. They are: Du
cneese de Berry. 15 per cent: St. Don
atiefr, 60 per cent; Principality. 90 per
re:. 1, and iL E. Watson, 10 per cent.
Loar« Satchel at Ferry Depot.
'While William Hawkins of Cleve
land, Ohio, was buying a railroad ticket
Tor home at the ferry depot yesterday,
a thief walked away with the satchel
Hawkins had laid at his feet. When
he missed the satchel Hawkins turned
around to seek .a policeman and found,
almost at his elbow, more men In blue
than h» could have summoned with a
riot call. And they had all been right
tb«r« when the satchel thief performed
the ceremony of annexation. Stand-
Ing bo close to Hawkins that their
shadows marked the spot where the
satchel had rested were Police Ser
reant "Scotty" Campbell, Detective
Egan and Policemen Thompson, High
tower and O'Keefe. The police have
no clew either to the missing property
or tbe man who stole It. but after long
discussion they came to the conclusion
that a satchel thief was operating at
the ferry depot.
Suspicions Characters.
Detectives Conlan and McGowan ar
rested William Thomas and Phil Rich
ter. alias McCabe. on Friday night at
\u25a0Pa^ifi^ ctreot nAar Davis. They were
following a well-dressed man. who was
under the Influence of liquor. Both
of the men are known to the police
and when searched they were found
to be equipped with brass knuckles and
other paraphernalia of the footpad pro
fession.
Sktxll May Be Fractured.
Charles Traynor. a small boy who
lives with his invalid mother at 31SB
Ritch street, was knocked down by a
ptr^et car yesterday at Third and
Townsend streets. He sustained a lac
orated wound of the scalp and a pos
sible fracture of the skull. After his
injuries had been attended to at the
Harbor Hospital by Surgeon Dlggins
the boy .was removed to his. home. .
Will Arrive To-Day.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's City of Topeka, which made the
run to Guaymas in place of the Cura
cao, left Ensenada Friday and will be
hrre this morning. The Curacao, which
has been undergoing a thorough over
hauling at the Risdon Iron Works, will
be ready to go Into commission again
In a few days. - * V V
3lovement of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. T From. I Due.
Jforthlaad j Portland & Astoria iOct. 28
£%&e. Nelson, j Seattle & Taecma ,Oct. 23
•Roanoke j Portland & Way Ports. (Oct. 29
Cnehalis | Grays Harbor iOct. 2d
Aberdeen 'Grays Harbor [Oct. 29
Homer j Portland & Astoria 'Oct. 20
Aclrl< . Willapa Harbor ]Oct. 23
Terje Vlken.. I Oypter Harbor |Oct. 29
Abydo* ! Seattle lOct. '£)
City Topeka. . Mexican Ports |Oct. 29
6c a Foam Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. ; Oct. I*9
•Arctic ' Humboldt jOct- 29
San Mateo... Seattle jOct. 30
Tltanla Comox, B. C. |Oct. 30
Mackinaw Tacoma [Oct. 30
W. Kruger. . . Portland & Astoria |Oct. 30
Phoenix Crescent CJty |Oct. 30
c. Monica San. Pedro j Oct. 30
M F Plant.. Coos Bay & Port OrfordiOct. 30
Pomona Humboldt Oct. SO
UonJta j Newport & Way Ports. [Oct. 30
etate ct Cal.. j Ean Diego & Way Ports. Oct. 30
G Lindauer. . I Grays Harbor J Oct. 30
Vanguard I San Pedro .'Oct. 31
Coronado i Grays Harbor lOct. 31
Cost* Rica. ." Portland & Astoria jOct. 31
Anuble j Seattle :...jOct. 31
P. Legtett ... | San Pedro f Nov. 1
c jr." Kllburn... j Portland & Way Ports. (Nov. 1
Eureka Humboldt jNov. 2
Koanoke Lot Aiwrcles Ports iNov. 2
Corona Humboldt Nov. 2
porno Point Arena & Albion.. .Nov. 2
Eantaßosa.." San Diego & Way Ports' Nov. 2
iClty Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports jNov. 2
Peru •-• New York via Ancon (Nov. S
Coos Bay | San Pedro & Way Ports' Nov. 3
Mongolia. .....China & Japan ;Nov. 3
Dakotah .China & Japan '. INov. 4
G. Dollar Grays- Harbor Nov. A
f* Newport j New York via Ancon... Nov. ft
Columbia.... [Portland & Astoria. .. .INov. 5
Cer.traila Grays Harbor [Nov. 6
TJmatJlla I Pufret Sound Ports .Nov. 7
Rairise« ' Hamburg &. Way Ports. |Nov. 8
~~~~" TO BAIL. ~~~
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. 1 Pier.
. October 29.
ChehaJie.... Los Angeles Ports 1 pjn|Pier 2
Coos Bay... | San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia. ..{ Astoria & Portland. ll amjPler 24
Corona ' Humboidt- jl:30 p Pier 9
S. Rosa I E&a IHrgo & Way.) 9 am' Pier 11
j October 30. I !
W. Kruger-.j Vsn, Angeles Ports. 8 amlPler 2
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm'Pier 2
Eureka \ Humboldt 9 am Pier 5
lialnicr ! Seattle & Bell'ham 2 pmlPler 10
October 31.. I
Despatch... j A rtoria & Portland 8 pmiPier lft
Vanguard...] Humboldt .."'...\u25a0....; 9 am! Pier 27
foronaiio. . . j Los 'Angeles Ports. 10 ami Pier 10
N. Fork Humboldt 8 am Pier 20
Homer Astoria & Portland 4 pn Pier 20
Breakwater. Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 8
Abydos Hamburg & Way.. 112 m Pier J9
TVoventber 1. I I
Redondo \ Astoria & Portland! 3 pmlPier 2
Pomona: ' Humboldt ll:3op'Pier 9
Arct ic. J..-^ j Humboldt ......... 9am Pier 1
Sea Foam...: Point Arena . ..' .4 pm Pier 2
M. F. Plant. | Coos Bay | 4 pmjPicr II
Queen i Puget Sound Ports, j II am|Pler 9
N..%o::J»rr 2 | J
Hoanoke Portland & Way...| 2 pm;Pier 5
C. Nel«*on... Seattle & Taecma. 5 pmjPier 2«
F. Kllburn.. PortlHnd iL Way... 2 pmjPler 27
Northland.. AEtorla & Portland S pmjPler 27
State of Cal. San Dlto & Way. » amjPicr 11
G. Lln'iauer 'ira>s Harbor. 2 pmjFier 2
*Bonlta Newport & Ws.y...i 9 am:pj er 11
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm;Pier 7
Xov«*ml>«-r 3# : J
Klizabetfa... Coquille River i 5 pmjPler 20
Costa Hlca.. Astoria & Portland; 11 am; Pier 21
2Voventt»er 4. { j
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion! C pm'Pier 2
Noyo Kurabolfit I 9 ami Pier II
Siberia..... China & Japan.:..! 1 pmJPier 40
Anubis Hamburg & \Vay.jl2 m|Pier 10
XovMßbw -5. I |
Jca&ie Seattle & Taepma.j 5 pmlPler 20
,\'oveml»« 6. ! \ .
City Puebla Pup»t Sound Portsjll amJPitr 9
November 7. I |
Peru N. Y. via Ancon. .!l2 mjPler 40
Curacao.... Mexican Port* ....110 ami Pier 11
.November 9. | I
G. Dollar. \u25a0\u25a0 Grays Harbor \u25a0 4 pmlPier 10
from Seattle! ~~~- '
Steamer, j • • Deetination. \u25a0 ,- J I Saila.
Jetrerton..... Skagway & Way. Ports. (Oct. 30
Excelsior Seward Be. Way Ports.. | Nov. 1
Kumboldt Skagway & Way Ports. l Nov. 3
ganta Clara.. Valdez & Seward INov. ' 8
Bertha Koiiak & Way ' Port*'/. 'Nov. 10
B*st& Asa... Eeward & Way Ports.. [Nov. 16
BRITISH SHIPS BUTESHIRE AND KTNANCE, WHICH HAVE BEEN LAID UP.
THE FIRST AT SAUSALITO AND THE OTHER IN OAKLAND CREEK. SINCE
1903 AND HAVE AT LAST SECURED CHARTERS.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, October 23.
Stmr Newport. Whitney. 6^ hours from
Pigeon Point, In tow tug Sea Witch.
Btmr Breakwater. Johnson,' 32 hours from
Coos Bay.
\u25a0 Stmr Kosecrans, Johnson, 12 days from Hon
olulu, via Monterey S hours.
Stmr Shama, Haxisen, 77 hours from Bel
llngham. bound south, put In to land paseen
gers.
Stmr Queen. Cousins, CO hours from Victo
ria. B. C.
fctnir Corona, Gielow. 20 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Jeante, Wood, 93 hours from Seattle.
Etmr South Coast, Pauisen. 16 hours from
Noyo.
btmr Samoa. Madsen. 15 hours from Cas
par, bound couth, put in to land passengers.
Br ship Forteviot. Flnlay. 191 days from
Hull, via Newcastle, Eng., 158 days.
Bark Edward May, Hughes. 20 days from
Makawell.
Fr bark Emma Lurens, Breuilie, 150 days
from Hull.
• Bark C. B. Kenny, Kelly, 9 days from Port
Ludlow.
• Bark Servia, Nelson. 20 days from Kaxluk.
Fr bark La Rochejaquelln, Durand, 150 days
from Swansea.
Bktn Irtngard, Schmidt. 18 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Virginia, Nlllson, 7 days from Port
land. \u25a0» *-
Tug Sea Witch. Tlchuort, 6»4 hours from
Pigeon Point; with stmr Newport In. tow.
CLEARED.
Saturday, . October 28.
Br stmr Waddon, Satchel 1. lqulque, -via Vie- ,
torla. B. C: W. R. Grace & Co. .
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean, Ancon, via
Mexican and Central American ports: P M .
S S Co.
Stmr Cooe Bay, Nicolson, Ean Pedro and
way t>ort«; P C S B Co.
Stmr Columbia. . Doran, . Portland ;. B F and
Portland S S Co.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, Eureka: P C S fa Co.
Nor stmr Tellus, Arntzen. Nanalmo; West
ern Fuel Co.
Bark Kaiulanl, Colly, Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond & Co.
Bark Aznle Johnson. Nlleon, Hllo; J. D.
Bpreckels & Bros. Co.
SAILED.
.^•\u25a0^ Saturday. October 28.
Btmr Newsboy, Johnson. Hardy Creek.
Btmr Shasta. Haneen, San Pedro.
Stmr South Bay, Andresen, Astoria and
Portland.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen. San Pedro.
Btmr City of Sydney, McLean, Ancon, via
Mexican and Central American ports.
Br ship Dunsyre, Mahon. London.
Fr bark Bosmet, Ancelin, Runcorn.
Bktn Planter. Murchison, Port Blakeiey.
Schr Conflanza. Mikkelson, Notleys Landing.
OUTSIDE— BOUND IN.
Schr Alpha, sctir Bender Bros.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct. ITS — 10 p. m. — Weather
foggy; wind W; velocity 4 miles per hour.
• SPOKEN
Oct 19 — In lat 28 29 N.long 70 W. ship At
las, henoe May 24, for: New York.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BAN DlEGO— Arrived Oct 28— Br ship Wray
Castle, from London.
Sailed Oct 28— Schr J. M. Weatherwax. for
Port Blakeiey.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Oct 28— Schr Gam
ble, for San Pedro.
Arrived Oct 2S — Schr Joan Pauisen, from
Port Blakeiey, to load for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Oct 28— Schr
John A. Campbell, for Puget Sound.
MONTEREY — Arrived Oct 28 — Schr Monte
rey, from Honolulu, In tow' of stmr Rosecrans.
POINT REYES— Passed Oct 28. 11 a m—
Stmr Whlttier, from Astoria, for Port Har
ford.
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 28— Bktn Mary
Winkelmann. from Hilo; schr Matthew Tur
ner, from . Ban Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 28— Br
bark Dundee, from Brake, via Singapore.
Passed In — Fr bark Stiffen, from Victoria, for
Tacoma.
TATOOSH — Passed Oct 28 — Schr Ludlow,
from San Pedro, for Port Hafllock; stmr Nome
City, hence Oct 25, for Seattle.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Oct 2S— Schr Salem,
from Olymcla.
Arrived Oct 28 — Schr Soquel. from Beliing
ham; echr Oliver J. Olsen, from Grays Har
bor; Bchr Bangor, from Grays Harbor; Br bark
Kllmeney, from Hamburg. V
Arrived Oct 2S — Stmr Bequoia, from \u25a0 Port
Harford; trtmr Francis H. Leggett, hence Oct
2tt; stmr Bonlta, hence Oct 25; stmr Van
guard, from Santa Barbara.
Sailed Oct 28 — Schr ReDcat. for Coos Bay:
stmr Bonlta, for San Francisco.
HUENEME — Pawed Oct 28, 11:30 am —
Stmr City of Topeka, from Guaymas, for San
Franoisco. . . .
EVERETT— SaiIed Oct 28— Bktn John Palm
er, for Ean Pedro; schr Henry K. Hall, for San
Pedro.
I Sailed Oct 28— Br stmr Beckenham, for
1 Shanghai.
Arrived Oct 28 — Br stmr Cheswick, from
Yokohama, via Port Townsend. '
REDOXDO — Sailed Oct 28— Stmr James S.
Hlreins, for San Pedro. :a&HI8SB
Arrived Oct 28 — Schr Ruth E. Godfrey,
from Ballard.
I PORT HARFORD— Arrived Oct 27— Schr Ar-
I pus. from San Pedro: tug Sea King, hence Oct
i 2«: barce Santa Paula, in tow tug Sea King,
henoe Oct l! 6.
Sailed Oct 27 — Schr Argus, for San Fran
cisco. Oct 2S— Tug Sea King, with barge Santa
; Paula in tow. Oct 27 — Stmr Pasadena, for San
i Pedro.
' COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr M. F.
\u25a0 Plr.nt. hence Oct 25. •
! SEATTLE — Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Senator.
from Nome.
1 "fcailed Oct 2S— Etmr Edith, for San Fran
' clrco; Ktmr Asuncion, for Port Harfora.
; Sailed Oct 28 — Stmr American, for Belllng
; ham.
t Arrived Oct 28— Br stmr Jason, from Moro
f i an, via Victoria. .
1 Sailed Oct 28— Br bark Auld*irth, for Eu
'\u25a0 IT *\VESTPORT— Arrived Oct 27— Stmr West-
I port, hence Oct 26. j
I EUREKA— Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Prentlss.
I hence Oct 2ft.
I TACOMA— Sailed Oct 27 — Bark Haydn
I Brown, for San Francisco.
I MUKILTKO— SaiIed Oct 27— Stmr Harold
Dollar, tor San Pedro.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Co
auiile River. Hence Oct 24. -.
* EASTERN PORTS.
I NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Fi
nance, from Colon. >J; - ;
' CAPE "HENRY— Passed Oct 27— Br stmr
Craigvan, for Callao.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— BaIIed Oct 2S, 11 a m— Stmr
Mongolia, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
LADYSMITH— SaiIed Oct 28— Nor stmr
Tcrje Viken; for San Francisco.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Oct . 28— Nor . stmr Ti
tania, for Pan
HONGKONG — Arrived prior Oct 28— Stmr
Dakota, from Seattle. . \
1 SANDY POINT— Sailed Sept 2.1— 8r stmr Ca
cique, for Valparaiso. Oct 27— Dan stmr As
toria, for Valparaiso. \u25a0- \u25a0 \u25a0 '
-ENSENADA— SaiIed Oct 27— Stmr City, of
Topeka, for San Francisco." ;
COLON— Arrived ,Oct 23— Tug William' J.
Daily, from New Tork.
PORT PlRlE— Arrived Oct 27— Nor ihlp
.T-HE -SAN- FRANCISCO;- .CALL.,; SUNDAY;., OCTOBER.: 29,: 1905.1;
Weather Report. .
(120 the Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 28—6 D- «•
The following maximum and minimum
temperatures ere reported for previous day:
Cincinnati RB-38iNew York.. .. 50-46
Boston 48-42 Plttsburg 58-46
Jacksonville 70-3& Washington 58-48
St. Louis 50-32 New Orlear \u25a0 62-56
Chicago C.6-40 Honolulu. H. T. ..82-6S
Philadelphia 54-48
SAN FRANCISCO 74-50
THE COAST RECORD.
v-y i i?s=sg if ft.. I
3 2g 33 |1 8* w
STATIONS. S. Sg-'SS ?\u25a0» S® C
\u25a0I ißii B i U:-? I
c c • \u25ba* a
•3M • •
Baker 30.30 48- 24 W Cloudy .00
I Carson ...:... 30. 04 66' 34 NE : : '. Pt Cldy .00
I Eureka 30.16 60.46 NE Cloudy .00
I Fresno 29.98 80.50 W Clear .00
SB. Fara110n..30.02 55 52 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.04 66 26 S Clear. .00
Independence .30.00 74 40 SE Clear .00
Los Ange1e3..20.94 76 50 SW Clear .00
Mt. T'malpaU.3o.o4 74 65 NW Clear .00
I North Head... 30. 26 56 46 NW Pt Cldy .00
Phoenix 2».90 S6 48 ,W Oear .00
Pt. Reyes* Lt.29.9S 66 47 N Clear .00
Pocatello 30.26 50 22 SW Pt Cldy .00 !
Portland 30.22 64 40 W Cloudy .00
I Red Bluff 29.98 82 48 NE Clear .00
; Roseburg 30.1K 58 44 W ?, Pt <?dy .00
I Sacramento ..25.06'50 50 N Clear- .00
'Silt Lake ....30.12 58 38 NW Cloudy .00
IS. Francisco.. Bo. o2 74 50 W' Clear <-. 00
I San Jose. 30.00 78 42 NW Clear .00
San L..0b15p0.29.9S 76 46 SE Clear .00
San Diegro 2».92 66 •52 NW Clear* .00
Seattle .......30.30 50 82 NW Cloudy" .00
Bpokane 30.88*44 26 NE Cloudy, .00
Tatoosh 30.24 50 .. E . Cloudy .00
Walla Wa11a..30.34 44 32 SW Cloudy .00
Winnemucca .30.12 68 22 W Cloudy .00
j Ynma 29.90 88 64 NW Clear •.00;
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND . GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure continues high over the western
halt of the country- On the Pacific Coast there
is considerable cloudiness from Eureka north
ward.
' No rain is reported west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
The temperature has risen slowly from San
Francisco to Roseburg. In the great valley of
California afternoon temperatures are about 80
degrees. .
FORECAST FOR ' OCTOBER 29:
For San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sun
day; with fog In the morning; fresh west
winds.
Los Angeles and viclnltjr — Fair Sunday; fresh
•west winds. . \u25a0 - "
Sacramento Valley — Fair Sunday; light north
winds. •
San Joaquln Valley — Fair Sunday; light
north winds.
Coast — Fair Sunday; fresh west winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Sunday.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
~ ; . - . •• v - --\u0084 . . t
Lancing, from Port Blakeiey.
VALPARAISO — Arrived Oct 12 — Br Btmr
Borderer, from Sydney.
CALLAO — Sailed Oct 27— Ger stmr. Dende
rah, for San Francisco .
PRAWLE POINT — Passed Oct 28— Br stmr
Nlntr Chow, from Tacoma. for Liverpool.
IQUIQUE — Arrived Oct 28 — Br ship Edmund,
from Port Talbot; Br shipHllston. from Port
Talbot.
SANTA ROSALIA— SaiIed , Oct 17 — Ger ship
Omega. Oct 18— Br bark Kelburn, for Port
Townsend.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAMBURG— Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Deutsch
land. from New York: stmr Pennsylvania,*
from New York.
GENOA — Arrived Oct 27 — Stmr. Prinz O»
car, from New York. .
Sailed Oct 27— Stmr Canopic, for Boston.
.LONDON — Sailed Oct 26 — Stmr Hibernian,
for Montreal.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 27 — Stmr Lucanla,
from Liverpool; stmr La Lorraine, from Havre;
stmr New York, from Southampton.
Sailed Oct 27 — Stmr Celtic, for Queenstown.
• GLASGOW — Sailed Oct 27— Stmr Iberian, for
Boston.
« LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 27 — Stmr Arabic,
from Boston ; stmr Weaterniand, from Phila
delphia-. . * . \u25a0
balled Oct 26 — S^mr Mount Royal, for Mon
treal Oct 27 — Stmr 1 Cymric, for Boston.
ANTWERP — Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Mar
quette, from Philadelphia. -
NAPLES — Sailed Oct 24— Stmr Messina, for
New York.
MOVILLE — Sailed Oct 27 — Stmr Virginian,
for Montreal. • \u25a0 ' .
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Phila
delphia, from New York.
OCEAN STESAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 28 — Stmr Patricia,
for Hamburg: stmr Minneapolis, for London:
Btmr St. Paul, for Plymouth, Cherbourg and
Southampton; stmr ; Finland, \u25a0* for Antwerp;
stmr Prlnzess Irene, for G>»noa: and Naples;
stmr Astoria, for Glaegow; ; stmr Umbrla, for
Liverpool. <
Arrived Oct 28 — Stmr Blu««her, from Ham
burs.
HAVRE — Sailed Oct 28 — Stmr La Bretagne,
for New York.
Arrived -Oct 28 — Stmr Sardinian, from Mon
treal, for London. • '
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed O<;t 287-Stmr . Cym
ric for Boston. ' » '
LEGHORN— Arrived Oct I.7— Stmr Perugia,
from New York. ,' ' . •:. - \u25a0 -•',
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Oct 28— Stmr ! Bohe
mian, • from Boston; stmr Campania and Btmr
I Cevic from New York. •• ; . .
Sailed Oct 28 — Stmr^Etruria, for New York.
MOVILLE — Arrived Oct 28— Stmr.
from Montreal for ; Liverpool ; stmr., Caledonia,
i frojn New York, for GUbsov'. - - .
1 GENOA— Arrived Oct 2'i — Stmr : Koenlgen
I Luise. from New York. >$
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Cct 28 — Stmr St.
Louis; for New .York. \u25a0-. \u25a0 ---«
Arrived - Oct — Stmr Philadelphia, from
; New York. . ' ' . \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 . ~
;" BOUl^OGNE— Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Potsdam;
' from- New -York,', for Rotbsrdam.. and, pro-,
; ceeded. - •\u25a0.-'\u25a0 - \u25a0'-" -;' •--- \u25a0 : : ' \u25a0> :
I DOVER— Sailed Oct 28-j-Stiar Kroonland, for
' HONGKONG— Arrived Oct 28 — Stmr Dakota;
I from Seattle, via Yokohama.; \u25a0
McQioraadci.
Per Br. ship Forteviot.*: frojn • Hull, . Oct 28—
Sailed . A prll >20 • and was • tow »d down to ( New
castle to complete loadlne: '< finished and ; eailed
for San Francisco May 23; ! had x strong; SW.
winds \u25a0 to v 40 \u25a0 N ; L had -very : light 7 NE »; trades •to
:t N ;' crossed • the equator Julj« 1 in long 22 W;
EOt the SE trades :in * lat . 3 s N.i- lost them in
24 S; had variable winds anil' squally : weather
to C&x>e Horn, which- we -passed -'Aug; 4; i had
succession ;of • stroror ; \ SW ; gales '-\u25a0 the next ': 12
days: * had <N W wlndn : thence " to ', lat *18i 8 ; • ifot '
the ;SE : ; trades.' ln. 1 18- S.'-, and'- lost them. In -4
E: crossed the equator : Sept 24 • in . long ; 114 W :
had lieht airs to 13: N. ;when'wefgotithe NE
trades and lost them in°3otN,'-thence. to,Dort
variable winds../.-; ;-*. <\u25a0 .-.•*\u25a0',<.-,;\u25a0
\u25a0 Per bark Edward May— On' Oct 14 ' had heavy
SW pale; blew away upper topsail.
STRAY GOSSIP
OF THE TURF
Bob Lloyd," the Popular New
York Layer of Prices,
Quietly Drops Int o Town
PHIL HAMILL' IS BACK
C. Morris, a Crack Latonia
! Jockey, AVill; Come "Here
"With the ' Arthur Stable
BY FRED E. MUL.HOLLAND.
Almost every overland brings a fresn
addition to the turf forces collectintr, here
for the coming race meeting. Bob Lloyd,"
the New, York layer who booked at Oak
land ; last season, arrived :on Friday", in
time to see Jack O'Brien \u25a0 \u25a0 lower -the col
ors of Al Kaufmanh at Woodward's Pa
vilion. "Bob had a 'fairly good, season in
the East.
Phil Hamill, who for, several; seasons
was connected with Barney Schrleber's
booking enterprises, reached here 'from
Latonia yesterday. Phil says: Jack At-,
klna cleaned up about $12,000 laying prices
at 'the Kentucky track, and is now on
his way back to California:
The California penciler, Jim Davis, who
has attached himself to the Corrigan out
fit, was at one time about $14,000 to the
good on the Latonia and Louisville meet-
Ings. • . Then followed some '. reverses,
sweeping away most of his winnings.
From hearsay Barney j Schrelber has a
superb bunch of yearlings this . year.
They were for the most part . the get' of
Bannockburn and Sir Hercules. Foul
Shot is dead and Barney appears to have
temporarily soured on Sain.. The big St.
Louis' breeder and bookmaker will cut in
at Oakland the first or second week.
Billy Beverley, who booked out this
way and made, money when a five
pound grocery store weight would keep
his bank roll on an even keel, had a
big season on the New York tracks.
Beverley has outgrown the Far West.
C. Steubenboard Jr., owner of Father
Catchem, Elle, J T F and other useful
ones, has sent on a batch of entries to
the California Jockey Club stakes.
Steubenboard was much pleased with
his treatment at Oakland a season ago.
J. W. Brooks, manager of Ascot
Park, is a merchant now as well as a
"turfman. He, recently embarked in the
tobacco business at Los Angeles with
Bert Mooser.
• Henry Hoffman, the St. Louis book
maker, is already in California, and his
brother Paul will arrive In time tocut
In the first day at Oakland; The Hoff
man boys are very popular in this sec
tion of the country.- and seldom refuse
any bets tendered.
C. Morris, considered by many the
best of the Latonia riders, ; will be here
with the stable of Jim Arthur. The
latter recently wired for stalls at
Oakland.
Some^ldea of the magnitude with
which the bookmaking business Is con
ducted on the far Eastern . tracks can
be gleaned if torn the statement made
by a recently returned player. One big
day at Saratoga Billy Cowen handled
$154,000 on the six races, of which
sum $72,000 remained in his takebox.
That would be considered rather a fair
afternoon's '\ winning on a California
course. \u25a0
Bob McGibben thinks Sysonby | over
rated. He says Morello In his day would
send the Keene crack -back; back to
Hackensack. Morello has long "since de
parted to the horse heaven, It might be
added. ' "
If Ananias broke down, as reported on
his " last essay at New York, Johnny
Schorr assuredly Is playing In hard luck.
James Hanby, or "Busy Jimmy," as he
Is more 'familiarly known, will give Cali
fornia the go-by this winter. It is re
ported. Jimmy has something better in
sight at New Orleans.
"Curly" • Brown, the starter, is the pro
prietor of the swellest care in Cincinnati.
A portion of : the Interior is now being
converted Into a vaudeville theater, to
be conducted under the popular price sys
tem. S^rA \u25a0 '
Sacramento is the latest to be heard
from. The horses owned by Al Dobson,
J; Touhey and Ed . Krlpp . reached Oak
land from up country; yesterday.
Gregor K. and the balance of the horses
which race in the/colors of J. Korzeniew
ckl, were due at Oakland last night.
Gregor X will bear watching this winter.
COMMITTEE OF CREDITORS
HAS CHARGE OF PROPERTY
Attachment la Filed Agralnai , the F.
Cavagnaro Company, but I» Re
, \u25a0 leased by Clalmboldera.
An- attachment was placed' on the
property of the F. Cavagnaro Company,
yesterday, by J. Fugazl for J5OOO,
money ' loaned,, but this was released
soon' afterward. The' other creditors
of the company promised to proceed to
throw the company Into bankruptcy
unless the7*attaching creditor receded.
' All .the. property of the company Is
now In' the hands of a committee of
three, representing all the creditors.
They are F. H. Hilbert ot-Hilbeft Bros.,
A. L. Dowler of Clark Bros. & Co; and
F. S. Jacott of the Swiss-American
Bank.
The taking of stock for the purpose
of ascertaining the value of • goods on
hand was begun by the committee yes
terday.
Probably the real extent of the dif
ference; between the liabilities and
assets will not be definitely known be
fore the middle of the. present week.
The amount is probably about $40,000.
Sun, Moon : and . Tide.
United States Coast * and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Hejght of High and Low Waters
at ; Fort '\u25a0 Point, entrance to San - Francisco
\u25a0'"•- Bay. : Published by official authority of tb«
>-'\u25a0 superintendent. ,
- NOTE— "Th© r high , and : low waters occur «.t
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point ; the height
of tide is the same at both places. >
SUNDAY OCTOBER 29.
Sun ; rises \u25a0'..'.'..".'..'. 6:32
Sun sets .'• . ."• ..'.......... 5:15
Moon : 5et5. . . . . .'. . . ;. .... • .....* .6:33 p. ;- m.'
O' ITimeJ \u25a0£.'\u25a0 |Tlme ;\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0 Time'- " Time ;• l
\u25ba'\u25a0 |- -f Ft. I Ft. — —\ Ft. Ft.
i» .; |H W| - • \l> W H W| L'W ,
29 0:16 5.2 5:29 .1.9111 :3S 6.1 6:11 0.6
30 1:14 6.0 «:15 2.3 12:20 6.0 7:02—0.6
SI 2-14 ' 4.8 7:05 -2.71.1:06 .5.8 .7:55—0.5
1 315 i' 4.7 8:00 ,3.012:00 5.5 8:55—0.3
2 .4:20 ,4.7 9:11 ; 3.2] 3:02 5.1 9:67 vqo
- NOTE— In . the* above ! exposition r of i the = tides
the early morning tides I are given In { the left
hand I column £ and ' the 5 successive .• tides : of ; the
day in the order of; occurrence as, to time; the
fourth time column gives the -last? tide of the
day -except when there are but three tides;: as
sometimes occurs. \u25a0 The 1 heights t given : are •in
addition ', to \ the I soundings : of \u25a0 the ' United | States
Coast Survey, Charts, 1 except when a minus (—)
sign precedes '\u25a0 the height, r and then \u25a0 the ' number,
given iis ' subtracted - from; the depth given '. by
the charts. The plane of,r*ference is the mean
of the lower . low -. waters. .- -\u25a0"; j
Time Ball.
Branch iHydrographiC: Office. U. S.-N., Mer
chants'. \u25a0; Exchange; San 1 Francisco, Cal '.
V. October^ 2B.^,loos. : :\u25a0\u25a0 ; 1. . \u25a0 ...
': The 5 Tlm<! * Ball \u25a0on t the tojver of. the '\u25a0 Ferry
building iwas dropped 1 exactly, at- noon '.to-day —
1 c"- at -noon of ; the j 120 th meridian.'; or 'at -8
p'm.. Greenwich- time. J. C. BURNETT;
V \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0: 'v < Lieutenant;; U.-S.-; N.: ; In; charge. .
Lena's {Chaplain . Die*.
; Father iVasili,: chaplain of -the Rus
sian \ cruiser; 5 Lena, 7 : died \u25a0 on ':. board '^ the
wari vessel; at * -'4 : -.; o'clock " yesterday,
morning.: • His body^« will; probably be
taken back" to Russia -for- burial 1
J-iCan.rCun: V'ou With Electricity'
!. To the man whosis vitality.. * ;* : £^^*"^l ' Are -you nervous, fretful
is exhausted and who finds ****' ¥^.^{l) /~— — —^ aß< * S-oo^y? Is your sleep
j himself, while still young in ' _^^~^ fc* TsQ£k«r^-^ broken? Have you paina
years, a broken-down wreck — jzFw X "^\ v • j-rr
of what he ought to be.' the V^ A^La \ aches in different parts
Dr. McLaughlin Electric f -^«^^~*^s»^|^ ** r ~**^ of your body? Is your back
Belt r is -full^ of encourage- x^. jK, -' wca^ and painful? Have you
ment. ; flt is the success of M*s£§*^^ lost the vigor of youth? Are
Jthe age in elevating the con- " -^ - *\u25a0 y° u Rheumatic and Gouty?
dition of men sufferine from -HWS^k Have you Varicocele? These
'TtUwo^while you sleep. . >" ** «?* ° f £*
For six or eight hours every '^WH W3Ste ° f tOr "- The
night it pours a steady iS^fS^SSS^ /^'^^^^ gentle stream of electricity
stream of electricity into the from Dr * McLau £ hlin 's Elec-
nerve centers, saturating the tSSapj ' V^^*gi^ 1 ?^« tr^ c Be - t Roms into the weak
weakened tissues with its . . . nerves for hours every night
.life. This is strength. . From soon "places all the lost
tnr^oT^e^p^s Wffi'*^\-'mffl T ey T ra t s y*
and mental action. It re- iMm- / \u25a0'\u25a0%* ? C mUSCIC PCrfCCt '
news the health and haDDi- • ' '\u25a0\u25a0 ' -SS ° UTCS P errnanentlv Ln
ness of all men. . , 3 T ll *^i)s &i=a^|S^^ every case.
< \u25a0\:spi£%Bp:; , : I fe W/ . CXTK.BID.
: 328 Jessie St., San Francisco, Cal. . vP&^lWx <il ~q< «hi r> ..
Dr. McLaughlin: Dear Sir— l have WW%V\- Willow St.. Oakland. Cal. .
worn your Belt for four weeks, and A Dear Sir — Your Belt gave me per-
am glad to say that the pain in my K?TA B\ f \ feet satisfaction in every way. and did
back is gone. I feel more active; the . K-. m\// \ ' . ; n<! * ~u~* „„„ 'Ji£LL a •. v
weak, tired feeling in my legs is rap- £? 0» f JUSt hat you clajl »ed it would-re-
idly disappearing. I sleep fine and \j |. // moved every ache and pain I had; and
my appetite is improving. I will call ~-^=—_ • %/jj * W 'H always consider it a pleasure
, to see you in a" few days, so that you ~^-j; to speak a good word for the treat-
; may sec the great- change in my -ap- -r^.% fen fe,l . \u25a0 m . v ,
pearance. Yours respectfully. •< *^SA IML ment - You « very, truly.
-. ..- \u0084 F. A. BLAIR. J 'I^V**§s^ I J. HARRINGTON.
T CAN MAKE THE BLOOD CIRCULATE IN YOUR VEINS. THE NERVES TINGLE WITH VIG-
* orousf-life and the spirit of energy show itself in every move of your body. I have told. you that Elec-
tricity is "Life." and now all scientists and doctors are approving my claim. Let me. prove it to you; let
me show you how my method of applying this great power has revolutionized medical treatment.
The human body is a very delicate piece of machinery. It must be treated gently and intelligently
when it is beginning to break down. Dosing the sensitive stomach with drugs will not restore strength.
Even if the drugs had strength to give, they never reach the parts that need the strength. The greatest
scientists' and doct«r,s now acknowledge that Electricity is the basis of vitality. Therefore'use it, but use
it right. - This is mv specialty. I know better than : any otjier man on earth how to use it in these special
troubles, because I have had the benefit of twenty-four years of close study and actual contact with over
50,000 cases treated with it.
DR. r MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT
is \u25a0\u25a0made-, for you. It is the best way to use electricity. It pours a gentle stream of life into the weak
parts continually for hours every night. It refreshes the nerves, expands the vital po"\vers. enriches the
circulation and makes you feel bright, active and vigorous in one night's use. Yon get stronger each day.
and in a few weeks you are a new man — stronger and. younger in the fire of youth. It is grand, this
method of mine, and every man who has ever used it is _ praising it.
PnVi" Btl f% t\l§ * have a book which every "^™ "~~" wmm^""^ mm^^ "^ \u25a0— — ». _^_
rntt pullK SS^^K^il Dr. H. C. McLanghlin,
FOR. MB3ST - r k " St " A6 ° VeE " U - San Fr " c! - co *
day; if you can't call, I mail it sealed, free. If you call I will ."® cn * ™* yy ° Ur Free B °° kt Cl ° SCly Bealed#
give you a free test. Remember, my Belt does not burn, ana oblige,
though you can feel the current and can regulate it. I warrant NAME
it to give a strong current for years, though no man who uses * L •••
it rieht needs it over three months-. Cut this out and act
to-day - '• I- ' > ADDRESS
Office Hours, Ba.m. to 8 p.m. Sundays, 10 to 1. L
CEDARSTROME
JUST IN TIME
Special Dlapatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28.— R. L- Wilson's
bay colt Cedarstrome just got up in
time to win the Southold handicap in a
rattling finish by a head. After . the
start Gold Rose went to the front and
led her field ; a length along the back
stretch, with Cedarstrome second. She
held the lead until the swing into the
stretch, when Bad News, getting through
on the rail., took the lead and was
fighting it out with Ormonde's Right
when, in the last sixteenth, Cedarstrome
came with a rush and just got to the
wire in- time- to win. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; handicap; all
Betting. . Horse.' Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
: 4,; to I— Frontehac, 118 (Knapp) . 1 4, 2 11
s "'to 2— Handzarra, 117O Martin), 4 3 1 2n
60 to I—Royal1 — Royal .Window,BB (Notr) 6 5 8 8 %
Time. 1:13,2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. Griffin's b. h. by Klngston-Sylvable.
Toscan, New Mown Hay, Rusk, Kittle Platt.
Midas finished as named.-.. ,
SECOND RACE— One and a sixteenth mlle«;
selling; three-year-olds and. up:
Betting Horae, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 10— Grenade 110 (Sewell).. 5* 6 11%
10 to I— Massa. 90 (Harney)... 4 4 1 2 12
8 to I— Colum. G1r1.103 (Rmnll) 1 lh 36
\u25a0Time. 1:47 2-5. • Start good. Won easily.
Winner', J. H. McCormlck's b.' g. by St. Gatlen-
Turmoll. Norbury, Alum Water, •_ Cognomen
finished as named. .. . • /-' .-^-/t;./
THIRD RACE>-Cutchogue handicap; six fur
longs; two-year-olds: \u0084
Betting. Horse, Weight, \u25a0 Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to I—Jacobite,1 — Jacobite, 117 (J. Jones). 3 12 11
4 to I— Kinleydale, 110 (O-Neil) 2 2 h 2 1«
12 to I— Hermitage, 92 (Notter). 4 SJJ3h
• Time. 1;13 3-6. Start good. 'Won easily.
Winner, : S. Paget's b. c. by Golden Garter-
Flora Mac. Security, Yalagal, .Inquisitor,
James Reddlck, Zl«nap finished as named.
: FOURTH RACE—^One and a sixteenth miles;
Southold Handicap; all ages:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
25 to I— Cedarstrome, 102 (MUr) 1 2 1 1 h
9to 10— B. News. 115 (W.Knp) 4 3%2 V,
17 to 2— O. Right. 117 (J.Jones) s'\u25a06 s- 33 '
i . Time, 1 :47. : Start good. Won driving. Win
ner R. W. Nelson's b. c. 'by Ben , Strome,-
Lasca. Race King and Gold -Rose finished as
named. ;. \u25a0_,"\u25a0 .- J
FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds : and up;, selling: •
Betting Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
11 to 6— Athlone. 101 - (Notter) ... 1 5 M 1 1
8 to I— Goldfluer, 90 (L.' Smith) 4 3 2 2 h .
25 to I^-L. Jocelyn, 99 (Sewell). «-8 3h"
- Time : 1:54 4-5.' Start good. Wondrlvlng.
Winner, J- L.' McGlnnls 1 b. g. ; by Handsel-
Lizzie -< Gilman. A. . Muskoday,' Our. . Sister,
Critical,! Jetsam, f Jane Holly, Sals,': Copper and
Amberjack finished as named. ; ; ;,-.-.•
SIXTH RACEJ— Five and a half furlongs;
purse- maidens; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
Even— Commune. 100. (Miller). 6 4 % 1 %\u25a0\u25a0
15 to I— B.Banastr.ll9 (W.Bchn) 2 2 12 2
3«o I—S. Girl. .109 (J.. Martin) 9 71; 3 h
'' Time '\u25a0 1 :08. •. Start poor.' Won driving. • Win
ner "H." P.* .Whitney's .b.":f. *by Meddler- Equal- L
lty.'i v- Bluer •.> Mamie, Wickford;-." Hallowmas/
Goidsboro, J Don > Fonso. ' Humpty \u25a0 Dumpty, Pro
poser, Menoken. -" Nannie ; F'aud- Royul .China
finished : ' as \u25a0 named. • \u25a0 .> \u25a0
SCOTTISH BOWXEHSPIiAV
MANY TOURNAMENT- .MATCHES
Park 'and; Eaton fPut;; lt | on iCrowe and
Gray *In a ; One \u25a0 Sided
Game. ' V
-Several . matcliea^ were played 'by the
Scottish 'bowlers : : in : : ;their 'handicap
doublesitoumanient ; yesterday. ,;\u25a0 Robert
Park : and :. W.;- R.J Eaton '. did V some " re
markable bowling i when":, they ; defeated
M. ;: L.; Crowe and .Joseph* Gray, j one ; of
the'' scratch I. ; teams, '\u25a0 ' In \u25a0 a-V orie-slded
match.: ' The winners received la i hand!-'
cap " of -three t points, , but % - they : would
have won I easily without ! it. ' Crowe and
Gray^Bcored's only 'six i points," thoV score
belngsSl^to^e.' ;;Thel,wlnners; have j lost
but orieVgame and' havelwon! eight. ;
W. Craig,' and f J. ; : Stott i and •S. > Irvlngf land
Ai^ Mac Donald iplayed- the 1 closest \u25a0tourn
ament match of the', day. x Craig > and
TINKER EASILY
LEADS ROLLA
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 28.— Under sun
ny skies, but over a track tougher than
half-pulled candy, a stake race and two
handicaps were run off this afternoon, j
There* was a marked improvement in
the attendance. .Tinker easily won from'
Rolla by four, lengths. ' ilaplehurst,
who set the pace to the head of the
stretch, beat Chief Hayes a neck for
show money. Summary:
FIRST RACE— six furlcngs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horae. Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
9to 2— Fly. Charcoal,loB(M t Lghln)lo 4 1 1 h
4to I— Gal. Cassie, lOl(Hollander) 2 3^21
4tol— Meister Karl, 101 (Allen). 8 6^3^
Time, 'l:23 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. W. S. Brunfleld's blk. g. (4) by Halma-
Alababa. ' Rankin 106, jovial 103, Delusion
98. Winifred Lad 102, Lady Lou 98. Nervator
111. Anna Beali 108. JJTUS and Bailey 100
finished aa named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; selling: -
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3to I— Ag. Virginia, 104 (Swain) 7 7 2 11
30 to I— Sorrel^Top. 102 (Russell) 6 3% 22
11 to 6 — Suz. Rocomora,loo(Morris) 4 4 8 3 4
Time, 1:214-5. Start good. Won easUy.
Winner, S. M. Henderson's b. f.--(3) by Sir
Dlxon-Penitent. Norwood Ohio 107. Gypzene
103. Juba 103. Quiz II 103. Mammon 107. Ve
randah 103. Tom Kiley 112 and Darthula 104
finished as named.
THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three- year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % . Fin.
6to 6— Cigarllghter, lOO(Hollandr) 4 12 13
Even — Coruscate, 103 ( Nic 01 )..... 3 3 2 2 4
6to s—Gold5 — Gold Enamel, 106 (Taylor) 5 2 2 34/
Time. 1:58 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. M. D. Miller's br. c. (3) by Lamp
lighter-The Empress. Tartan 99 and Little El
kin 99 finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; '" two-yesr-/
olds;' Covington Autumn stakes:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to I—Tinker,1 — Tinker, 92 (M0rri5)......- 5 3 1-12
30 to I— Rolla, 95 (Swain).:..... 6 4 h 2 1
6to 2— Maplehurst, 100 tVndrbt) 3 12 3 XV,
/Time, 1:20 1-5. Start . good. Won easily.
Winner, H. Arthur's eh. f., \u25a0 by • Handsprlng-
Frankle. , Chief Hayes 08. Osee . 95, Bitter
Brown 97, finished as named.
FIFTH \u25a0 RACE?— Six furlongs; two -year-olds;
handicap:-- '
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
.-3tol — Kercheval, 108 (Allen).. 8 3211
30 to I—Pentagon,1 — Pentagon, \u25a0 SH) (Swain). . 2*4h " 2 1
6to I— MUtlades. 00 (Morris).... 3 1 h 3 3
-Time. 1 :21. _ Start fair. Won handily. Win
ner, ;S.- H. - Kunz's br. C' by Ttthonus or The
Commoner-Tomboy. Daring 93.". Hot "' Toddy
110,' Woggle Bug 83, Lieber 97, Inspector Girl
100. finished as named." ' *"
• SIXTH . RACE-^-One mile; three-year-old and
up; selling: • --.'- --'•""
.Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey.; St. « Fin.
7to 2— John' Lyle, 103 (Swain). 4 32 12
11 to I— Harmakis.-"lo«*(Shea).. 1 lh 23
3to I— Glisten;* 102 (Dlggins);. 7 4 h '3 2
Time.' I :4'J 4-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner. -W. H.. Laudemann's';.br. jr.- (3). "b>
Lamplighter- La Poupee. : Dolmda 107, Katie
Powers 102. St. Tammany : 100, MalloryiUO.
finished as named. \u0084 : . . - •
Stott, with v handicap of. six," beat their
opponents.-- whose handicap was thir-~
teen.-'The match was\won;by!a" ; single
point; the score being -21 to 20.*. G.
Center and A. Maguire, with a handicap
of -nine; were beaten by J. Deaay and
D. • O'Brien,^ whose handicap was ten.
The score was, 2l to 15."- The following
practice games; were played:'
'Dr. Gunn and J;;Elder beat G_C. Cen-_
ter'ah'd A. Maguirtv 21 to":ll;'Gunn and
Elderjheat Judge ''- Shaw ' and WV R. Ea
ton,2l''.td.' 15 ;V Joseph Gray and
Irvlnff^beat . A.' Mac Donald "and E. C.
Medeau.' ;21 *to v l9;. G.'C.. Patterson^ and
J. ; JMcl>achlan beat' XI. \u25a0 L. Crowe, and
Andrew" Foreman.- ; 21. to' l6. ;
. - JOHNSON ; IS ) SENTENCED.— Peter •: John
son.' an : old man \u25a0 who was : charged . with * grand
larceny * and - allowed =to plead < eullty -' to \u25a0 petty
larceny, - was ; sentenced : by,; Judge - Dunne • yes
terday^ to ; serve sixty- days ' ln i the' County. Jail.
He f tola a purse containing $2 65 from Mary
E/ Martin on August, I I'l'il'lllll 1 IPIIMIIIIIHI 1
City of Sydney Sails.
The Pacific Mail Company's City of
Sydney sailed at noon yesterday with
freight- and passengers for Panama
and way ports.
Solid Sole
Leather Case
This Case Is made of heavy
solf leather; Is leather lined; has
shirt folds and straps Inside; best
brass lock. Tan or Russet -color.
Guaranteed to be equal to any
SS.OO case. Shipped anywhere C.
O. IX subject to examination.
"Would make a pleasing and. use-
ful Christmas present. S e eA
, SPECIAL PRICE ..... «\u2666'•*••**'
A. B. Smith Co.
116 Ellis Street
The Store With the Green
Front
Open Evenings.
DISEASES OF WEN"
Omr modern n nd «p»t«-d«t« mt t**d»
for the certain and speedy core of strlctar*
R»ptar«. Pile-. Blood Patoit, N«r*-
. oas DobUlty and Contracted DMord«r«
have won' lor 03 tl»ou»»wd» »t testimo-
nials frota patients who bars been cared.
%*Krlcoc«le, we treat by our lmproT«d
medical Tlbratory method, where others use
the knife. WTt» !«•«• • bo»d n. \u25a0 g«x«n-
t— to care-all cases we uuderUke- Ournn-
prOTcd French Cont>» for the treatment ol
the Injured Pro«t»t« nerer fall. Anym*n
luffertng from We«kne««and wno Is Unde-
veloped can obtain from via (**•• by mull)
our 10 day '• special tf eatment and Illustrated
chart describing the cauM ard effect of L«at
Vttj»llty and W»«kn»M. Recent eue>
. cured In one day by tbe Fm«cH Dilating
- and Irrf jfstinc: 3lutb.»d. . _._'
\u25a0 Corrttpondtnes prwtto. Co««olt««o« FREE.
the DR. TALCOH co.
.< \u25a0•;-• ill 4o MARKET ST.
DR;fJORDAN!S cucatJ
)BUSEOy OF fIHaTOMY*
\ (~<& !asiaiSKfr3T.6<t.eti*;ti.lJ > .C*L A
V $r vh * L*nr*i A n*-omtm> laen 1m th« \u25bc
\ \u25a0 H" W*rUL Wskneura at \u25a0 m-f msdkik! A
> XrT*ssft "»!';•»• jMltl»«lre«r^ >•» lh« tkUM ¥
> TS 5-Tl Sp«Ci»il^l «v the C»*A Sat. M jnt*.
I J§g& J CS. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM j
Q 3 Y?^ h Tmtrnmt per*~naUj m bj \u25a0 lcu«r. A A
A 9 ll- Wl? '-' WrltoforHor.il, rntLOtSFSTtf i
7 \u25a0 1 I 3J*i»ni.%«iK. .'i.'.ixjta v&u. «a r
\u25a0•V • :3: 3 'IXr ' »»h»»SI« Wok tor »c«.) . : \
', t DB. J OKD AX * CO.. 1051 Mart** M..M. T. F
3940
JOHN D si'KKCKELS proprietor
Add-*** Communications to
JOUX McXAUGHT Manager
W. j. MAKTIX Business Manager
~ TELEPHONE.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. P er "tVee*. 75
Cts. Ter lie nth. Single Copies JJ ff 1 *..
Term, by Man. Including Postage tCash With
Order) : » c
DAILT CALL .Includ. Sunday). 1 year..sB.w
DAILY CALL dnclud. funday). 6 mos... «.w
DAILY CALL— By Single Month *™
BtmOAT CALL. 1 Year • *XX
WEKKLY CALL. 1 Year : S' VwiSZ
POSTAGE. 1 tvSfkiy 100 Per Year Extra
ALI. POSTMASTEKS AXE aUTHOBIZED
TO IUiCEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded »nea re-
\u25a0• • , t vested. , .
Mall fubscrlbers in ordering cha^f v ,°£-p?^
<rets thould be particular to rive »** b jlf- **
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to "»•»**\u25a0
pron.; t asd correct compliance with tneir r»-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Mala l«»
ALAMEPA OFFICE: .„.__.
»*B3' Park Street. Near Santa Clara Aveaue.
Pbo&a Alamefia &S9-
BERKELEY OFFICE:
ntt Center Street Telephone Nortß.l7
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
M. E. jCKaNE 1*O«> G Street N. «.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81
CBlcn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-aveaue
Hotel and HoSinan House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: '
Ehennan Hou*e; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel. Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE;
C GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building
CUcf Distance Telephone. -Central 2619. >
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH.... 3i> Tribune Building
KEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Saa Francisco CalL
corner Market and Third streets: opea until
1J o'clock every night la the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
lOCS Market street opposite Fifth; open uatU
11 p. m.
806 Montgomery aye.: cpen until 9 p. m.
800 Hsyet street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€3$ McAllister street: oren until 9:30 p. m.
W* Larkln etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
IWI Mission street: r ;,. n unUl 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh strset; open until 8 p. in.
. SOW! Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Kortheart corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
220«» Killrnore street: opea until 9 p. m.
4314 J f-treet near Oceaa Boulevard; opea
until 9 p. m.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
ARONSON REALTY CO.,
109 butter st- *
$100,000 — Sutter, rear Kearcy: 4-€ tory brick
building: all leased for $6600 per yt-ar;
mortgage of $t>u,OUO can remain: pays
nearly a per cent net on $40,000. '
$SO,OO0 — Large corner on L&rk!n st., near
Geary; stores and flats; renting for
S3So« per annum; nearly 7000 gq. fu
$75,000 — Corner at sth and Townsend.. on rail-
• road tracks; 120x100; Improved with 3-
story brick building en 41 feet; 20x30
covered by frame structure; total rents
$250 per month.
$46,000— Near 3d «t.; 100 feet frontage: old
improvements; rents $125 per month.
$48,000— Davis, near Washington; 46x137:6.
•;• with old Improvements, at present rent-
. ing for $iaO.
— —
$45.000 — G^ary st., near Jones: new improve-
ments: store and rootning-house ; leased
$35.000 — Turk. near Leavenworth; 50xS8;
present morteage of $14,500 can re-
main; rente $125 per month.
• $25.000— Powell et., near California; 3 flats,
renting for $153 per month; 45 feet
frontage by full depth.
$22.000 — Third st.. near Folsom: 2-story frame
bullying, renting for $63 per month;
lot 25XM): good buy.
$16.000^ — Fourth, near Harrison; 3-story frame,
bringing $63 per month: no leases.
$16.000— Franklin, near Broadway; 3 flats, all
leased to good tenant* for $115 per
month; present mortgage of $7500 can
remain or be Increased.
$15.500 — Third «t. near Brannan; lot 31z7S;
frame building; rrni $45 4>er month.
$I^,oo0 — On Mh ft., near Harrison : SO feet
frontage, with old improvements rent-
ing for $75.
$15.000— Hayes, near Flllmore; 36x137:6; 8
flats; rents $03.
. 112,500— Sixth, near Bryant; 3-story building;
$7P per month; mortgage of $6500 can
remain.
$11.0nf>— Jejfie. rear Sixth; frame bulldln:,
25x7'>. rented to one tenant for $60;
mortgage of $6000 can remain.
B SOL GETZ * SON. REAL ESTATE OWNERS. '
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK & OCEAN-
SIDE lots:
Prcftt by our Judicious purchases/
We select our prepTtie* In best location*.
A.i Make &leney that tuy from us.
$650 to $1250 — Grao>d lots ia Oeeanslde ready
' to build on; rear Park. Ocean & Cars; unob-
structed vl»w of Ocean St Park. Easy terms.
i * $250 to $1600— Lets along Ocj?an Shore R. R.
Route; also fronting Ocean Boulevard; buy
from owners; best values; easiest terms!
$500 to tSOO — Richmond Heights lots; cholc-
•?st home cites ever offered at lowest prices.
Superb vi»w of Park. Ocean & Spreckels
Lake from every lot. Choicest locations. Cor-
ner Point Lobos *.- 34th Aye. Lots ia graded
j block cannot be beaten.
See Them To-day.
Oceaneide Branch Office. Corner "H" Bt A
*"- Ooen Dally and Sunday*.
$150 to $*00 — Excelsior Homestead A Oceaa
View lots, only $5 monthly.
$1500 t 0 $3500— Modern cottages; splendid lo-
cations In Sunset. Richmond, Oceacsi<!e &. Ex-
celsior Hcjr.estead. «»..*.«.
Easy Term*.
BOL GETZ & SON, OWNERS & DEALERS.
Room t4. Fourth Floor. Chronicle Bldg!
A OENUIXE BARGAIN. " |
Only two left of that row of comfortable
homes on I t=t.. between 17th and lSth ayes
one block from the new bituminlzed street
. adjoining the park; under $4000; $500 down
ba!anoc !!ke rent; Interest 6 p*r cent- 6
rooms nr.a bath: sun in every room- 2 fl're-
placc*; open for inspection dally. 1 to 8 or
inquire room 1212. Cail building.
11050 TO $1250. $IW> CASH, BALANCE $*»0
MONTHLY.
L*v«-1 lot* tin 14th and 15th ayes. and H «t.-
within a f»w minutes of all the attractions of
Golden Oate Park- thi.« s«»ction is improving
rapljly: El!lt-at. cars pass property.
$25,000. ~~~
DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
CLOSK TU THE OAKLAND FERRT.
JSEPT BUY ON THE STREET.
MrEWEN BROS.. 118 Montfomery st.
W. B. McOERRY * tX>.. 119 Sutter rt. ~
SPKCIAL
SPECIAL. \u25a0
?37r>0 — f-'plendid C-room brand new house;
merino view: 2Tth a\«>.. near Lake; lot 37:6 x
12f;; owner rotng n»st: must sell; agent on
prem'.pfs to-day; this Is a genuine barpaln.
4-ROOM hou*» for sale;: 23x100; $1400 cash,
balance raynvnts «1O a month; take San
Uruno r.*d car: .1 blocks from end of line.
J. BROSCH. 50 Crano Bt.
$5000— MISSION warm belt; 45 feet fronting
on Folsom st. Box 1275. Call
KEAL ESTATE— CITY— FOBSAT&
'<.',. U. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery tst
KEAL ESTATE AGENTS AND AUCTION-
EERS.
Reduced from $38,000 in ordsr
to effect a quick sale; rents $3450.
per annum; choice Western Ad-
535,000 dltlon corner; centrally located;
near Octavla and Sutter 6ts. ; Im-
provements consist of 6 eubstan-
\u2666 tial flats, well arranged; mort-
gage $Itt.OOO can remain; lot 60
feet front
Corner on Devisadero st; 1m-
528,700 proved with flats, houses and
stores renting for $2412 per an-
num; large lot, 75x112:7; mort-
gage $13,000 can remain.
Rents $1918 per annum; Leaven-
worth-st. holding. Improved
$25,000 with 3 choice residences, well
elevated and commanding a
view; large lot. 77:6x137:6; of-
fer invited.
Reduced to effect a quick Mle:
rents $1080 per annum: 3 sub-
sll,ooo etantlal flats of 6-7 rooms, situ-
ated close In on Grove et. ; neigh* :
borhood assures constant rental;
lot 27:6 feet front
. - - - -\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0.. .^ \u25a0'.'\u25a0 V V-"^' "'\u25a0 _\u25a0 •-*--\u25a0•\u25a0 ;- - ..-\u25a0 \u25a0 '.-\u25a0: ----- , \u25a0
Reduced to effect a quick sale; .
3 well built flats of 5-« rooms
$9,750 and bath each;, rented steadily
for $990 per annum; mortgage
about $1500 can remain; lot 25
xIOO.
Choice residence of 9 rooms and
bath; substantially built and in
$7,750 good condition; on the north line
of Haight St.. opposite Buena
Rented low at $576 per annum:
4 flats of 4 roome each: Steven-
s6,ooo son st, inside of 7th; lot 27:6 x
7S; mortgage $3500 can remain;
this Is a great holding.
$5,000 A bargain: choice lot on Market
«.. near IMb; '2sx9o. '
•
Reduced from $2500 on account
of owner leaving town: building
$2,600 lot close to Halght and Broderlek
sts.; 25x120; $1500 mortgage can
remain.
Filbert st.. near Larkln, cottage
$2,500 of 6' rooms and bath; lot 25x125;
a bargain.
For further particulars of the above and for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list of
properties for eale in all parts of the city,
inquire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery st.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneer*.
D. W. CARMICHAEL CO.. ~
232 Montgomery st
Mission Branch 2543 Mission St.
$S,2oo— Modern dwelling, nine rooms and
basement, handsomely finished, garden
front and rear. This looks Into the Pan-
handle.— l6B.
<6,3(X> — Seventy-five feet; corner on 24th et.,
near Dolores; good house, 7 rooms; brick
retaining wall all around; lot ooen for
Improvement. .
$6,lso— Near sth and Folsom sts.: four small
flaU- rented for $45 per month; every-
thing In first-class condition. Come
early fcr this.
$5,000 — Handsome residence,- 6 rooms; Par-
nassus Heights; entrance from two
streets ; surroundings perfect; beautiful
view.
$48,500 — Fine corner on Devisadero st. ; store
and 10 flats: lot 62x110; all rented;
property in first-class condition; paying
over 9 per cent net. — 186.
$3,500 — House of 6 rooms and bath In Al con-
dition; lot 25x120;. west line of Bth aye..
This is a bargain; must be sold.— lB3.
$5,400/ — 2 small flats, 6-5 rooms and bath each;
south ltne of Lake st, 'near 2d aye.:
lot 25x100; rents $50.-180.
$9.6XK> — Something In the best residence dis-
trict — McAllister st. near Lyon — 3 flats,
up to date; rented for $90 per month.
$16,000— McAllister St.. near Scott; buildings.
3 flats; cost close to amount asked; rents
$1560 per annum.
$3,700 — Good neighborhood; good 2-story
dwelling, built lf»03. on Sat) Carles ave-
nue, near 20th; rented for $25 per month.
$32.500 — 50x75; 4th »t. near Bryant; stores
and flats; rents $175 per month.
$4.500— A Rood site for factory or flats, 52x
100. with good cottage, 5 rooms, and
house of 7 rooms: thU Is a Kood buy.
$2,000— For 100x345, In Abbey Homestead: a
good . buy for speculating.
$I.2oo— For 116x200. In Abbfy Homestead.
CRANSTON. BELVEL * DWYER.
Formerly
. i William Cranston Co.,
20—^ Post st. 20
NINTH, NEAR MISSION.
NINTH, " NEAR MISSION.
NINTH, NEAR MISSION.
$65.000 — Corner on Ninth st., lij blocks from
Market: 175 feet of frontage; downright
cheap.
$70,000^ — Corner, half block from Market and
First sts. : sizeable lot: »ver I*o feet of
frortage. This is valuable ground.
137,500 — An exceptional offering on Eddy m..
near Jones: lot alone worth $26,000.
modern Improvements that cost $17,500
5 years ago; rent low at $210 per month;
mortgage 821.000; owner anxious to cell.
$6,000 — Fell et. near Octavla; two flats of 5
rooms: lot 25x52:6. This is good.
$27.500— Retail busine^F property on one of th»
most active business centers In tti*
Western Addition; important tranefei
point: modern Improvements; large
irontage; rent $210 per month.
FACTORY AND WAREHOUSE t-"ITES.
FACTORY AND WAREHOUSF. SITES.
FACTORY AND WAREHOUSE SITES.
RAIL AND WATER FACILITIES.
PARTICULARS AT OFFICE.
$11,750 — Folpom ft, near Sixth: rents $90 per
month: substantial Improvements.
J35.0C0 — An elegant northwest corner near Sut-
ter and Goush stR.: lot 6«>xSs; rent
$207 50; splendid Improvements.
$12.000— New residence on Presidio Heights; lft
rooms: every convenience: abundance of
sun and light; owner leaving town ana
anxious to sell.
$3,500 — Northeast corner. 4Sx9O. commanding
-;\u25a0 \ marine view: swell residence site in
Western Addition.
$2.Boo— Modern 5 room and bath cottage, neai
10th aye. and Lake et.; lot 25x120.
$3,ooo— Rent $32; four flats: close to Fourth
street.
MISSION REAL ESTATE.
D. COFFIN & CO.
$I.soo— Lot 25x114 ft., north line of 20th st,
ISO ft. east of Sanchez; street work done.
$500 will buy 4 lots on Buena VlFta aye., 4
blocks from 29th and Miseton ets. ; forced
eale.
$3,500 — Cottage 5 rooms and bath, north side
• of Jersey st.. bet. Castro and Diamond,
street work done; modern and up to date.
$10,000— MlsEion-et. lot 43x122 :C ft: east line.
r215 ft. south of 19th; two cottages on It
$2.550— Cottape 5 rooms, bath; 4352 Mission
i>t. : all modern and street work done.
$7,500 — New flats. 5 and ti rooms, bath; 40
and 48 Sharon st, near 15th and Sanch.es
cts.; rents $63 month, with rear cottage.
$I,2oo— Lot 25x80 ft. west line of Dolores st.,
26:6 ft. couth of Duncan st.
$1,100 each — 5 lots, east line of Dolores - et,
bet. 27th and Duncan.
$2,000— Lot 35:11x114 ft. north line of Dun
can et. ' bet. Guerrero and Dolores.
$I,7oo— Lot 25x114 ft- south line 27th st.
bet. Dolores and Guerrero. . :
$3,100 — Cottage, all modern.', with street work
done; 27th St., be*. Guerrero and Dolores.
$2,100— Southeast corner Dolores and 27th sts.
J3.K«> — Northeast corner Dolores and Duncan;
store and 4 lance rooms.
Before you move, telephone Mission 203 for
our large list of Mission property for sale and
to rent
D. COFFIN. 2528 Mission st. near 21et
CHARLES B RUSSELL PHONE JOHN 4356.
RESIDENCE PROPERTIES ONLY.
$13,000— Leav*nworth, near Washington: su-'
perb marine view; 10 rooms; 27:6x107.
$n,oo<>— Locust 6t. near Washington; 2£x112;
7 rooms: Rood marine view; modern.
$B,soo— lAguna et.. near Lafayette square; 30
xlOO: 8 rooms; fJiOCO can remain. ..
$5.250 — Jarkson at., mrth line, near Baker;
35x127:8; marine view; very, easy terms.
$4.soo— Jackson et.. north elde, ; near. Lyon;
30x127 :S: $3000 can remain ; : view.
$3.500 — Green St.. near Flllmore;. 35x137:6;
marine view; near two car lines. -
s3.2so— Locurt et. near Washington: 25 ft
$300— Lot 06: 25x100; Spring Valley Home-
stead. ' - - v
*3CO— 50x100; block 38; Oc*an View: 2 lots.
Kohl Hidg.. California and Montgomery.
ALTA Apartments, facing Alta Plaza — Seven
FUltes of 4 rooms and bath' each; rooms all
lUht and sunny:- f well- location ,Mn choice
section of city: Income $26(0 per annum.
$5750 — Two flats, • 5 rooms- and -bath, in
Mlwion. nf-ar 22d and Valencia: 10- foot base-
ment and driveway. \u25a0 \u0084-, -\u0084-. -.:
HENRY FEIGE. hulder and owner. 1068
Capp et. - '\u25a0-..' ... . „: .
Your lot surveyed. $7 50. J. A. Adams, deputy
V. B. surveyor. 115 Bth: phone Howard -832.
THE SAN'FRANCISCO'.CALL; SUNDAY; -OCTOBER ;, 29. ;1905;
* REAL ESTATES— CITY— FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, V" ' .
:\u25a0 V 23 POST ST. . ..\u25a0-.\u25a0; \u25a0 -
$B,6OO— MUST BE SOLDI 2 elegant flats on
Sacramento st; sunny side; owner needs
money. ... \u0084 . > . . , \u25a0
SNAP! SNAP! SNAPt
TfixOO TOx^A TOxOOl' -
T"™"^™~ l^^ \u25a0 \u0084 f \u25a0 . \u25a0 '.*\u25a0"* ' ,?.'•
$13,000 — Mission-st. corner; 2 blocks from 9th;
26x80; stores and flats; rents ' $83 a
month.
$5,600—2 lots on MeAllUter.st; 25x137:« each.
\u25a0Send for . our monthly »_"Buyer and . ; Seller*.' \u25a0
containing a comprehensive list of choice prop-
erty for sale. '• \u0084 •
' '/ \u25a0 : -'' l --.r'' ; -'^
SUTRO HEIGHTS ADDITION. '
- Sutro Heights Addition.
The, only property, near the beach where
sewer, water and eas ' mains are laid J and
where all -street work is done. '\u25a0'
Prices low; cash or 'terms; splendid oppor-
tunities for Investors- and speculators. \u25a0
- Call at our branch : office. ' .- • -
. Corner 49th aye. and Fulton st. .
Open Every Day and Sunaays.
Opposite Life-Saving Station.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
Agents, 25 Post »t.
: .. '.. \u25a0'".'•' ' ' - ; -
PRESIDIO Terrace— An ex-
clusive residence park ad-
Jonis the Presidio on th#
beautiful slope to the -
south. i. . •. \u25a0---.\u25a0
Its main entrance, marked
"by imposing gates, fronts \u25a0 on
Ist aye., opposite Washing-
ton St.; Eddy st. electric
cars take you there In 25
minutes from Powell ' and
Market sts.
-\u25a0 • - '•
Let us take you out and
•show you the beautiful
homes now nearlng comple*
tlon in tha Terrace.
W* have a proposition for - the first- three
builders.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 2S Poet st
VILLA LOTS $6 AND $8 A FOOT.
VILLA LOTS JO AND $8 A FOOT.
Spacious residence sites in beautiful San
Mateo Park : sewer and water to every lot ;
surrounded by beautiful . homes; 10 minutes'
drive to Burllngame and 15 minutes' walk to
San Mateo: the only elevated land -in San
Mateo; good drainage and flne location; ,no
fog and all land journey to the property; lots
from 100 feet front upward; just the size for
a comfortable country home; the bay short
cut-off has reduced time to 30 minutes; all
on electric car; buy now and get the benefit
of the cut-off.
OUR OFFICE IS AT SAN MATEO, SECOND
AYE.. NEAR THE DEPOT.. .
y ,- - \u25a0
i . ;...,,
BALDWIN & HOWELL. F. S. GRUMMON,
25 Post st. San Mateo.
SPECK & CO.. 209 . Montgomery st.
Telephone Private Ex. 95.
INCOME AND OTHER PROPERTIES.
MARKET-ST. BARGAIN.
\u25a0$135,000— Substantial -6-story; brick improve-
ments well rented: lot 45:10x137:6 ft.
. BUSINESS CORNER. POLK ST.
$75,000— Splendid property? lot 85x120 ft;
stores and flats over; 3 frontaees.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER/--'
$39,000 — A certain bargain ; Jargft corner, 65x
110, .on: Howard -5t... -near .16th.; finely
' •\u25a0"<"" improved: stores andrflats; yielding an-
nual income of $3600; investigate thia
property. \u25a0 -.\u25a0 a> .
BUSINESS CORNER. EDDY ,ST.
$35.000— 5 W. corner: finely improved, .with: 3
stores and flats;' yielding annual Jn-
come of- $3108: lot 63x100; a splendid
investment. \u25a0'
W. A. FLATS. CORNER. • .
$30,000— Exceptionally flne: nothing better »n
the city; larg» 37:6 ft. corner lot; *
flatsj well renred: look, at them and
make reasonable offer.
FOLSOM-ST. BARGAIN.
$30,000— Best buy to-day on that street, close
to 4th; 70-foot lot. fair improvements;
under lease that will carry the prop-
\u25a0 erty nicely till expiration: a large
margin of profit In value here.
NORTH OF MARKET SNAP.
523,750 — 6U-ft. comer, extending .back 137:8
ft. with good Improvements, stores
and flats; all rented for J2472;. excep-
tionally good Investment: should rent
for more; price reduced for quick sale.
MCALLISTER— BUSINESS.
$20 000— Desirable investment In -fine business
block: close In; well Improved; 35 ft.
lot; stores and houses; annual Incoma
about $1500
BARGAIN. VAN NESS AYE.
$18.500— Grand lot, 45:10x137:6 ft.:, near Pa-
cific st; graded and ready for build-
ing, with marine view; east side;
cheapest property anywhere in that vi-
cinity.
THIRD-ST. SNAP. .
$15 000— 31-ft. lot, with Improvements near
Bryant St.; lot alone worth $18,000,
BARGAIN IN NEW FLATS.
*. $B,Boo— Just finished and , two rented; 3
pretty complete modern flats; choice
neighborhood. W. A.; right off Call
fornia st. ; income over $000 yearly.
MINNA ST., '
$6,C>O0 — Near 3d St.; buslne*s and flats: lot
25x75; rents $60 month; this. ls cheap.
SOUTH OF MARKET SNAP.
$3 000— Flats. . vicinity Fifth and Clara sts.;
lot 25x$O ft. ; present rents $3«0 year-
ly; could readily be raised.
RESIDENCES.
\u25a0- - We have a choice residence list In
best sections of . the city and will be
pleased ~to submit same on applica-
tion. If ' you are looking for a resi-
dence don't fail to see us. \u25a0
LOTS.
$14,600— 810ck of 50 lots In Sunset District,
in fast building up section : near beach
and car line. •
$500 each for 5 lots, only 4 j blocks from
beach and overlooking ocean; new
railroad will be close by; these are
\u25a0*»tc". cheap. r
SPECK A CO..
. 209 Montgomery st. .
MADISON A BURKE.
Established January, ISSS.
80 Montgomery Ft., opposite Lick House.
Real Estate . Agents.
Full Charge Taken of Propertyi :
$22,000 — Corner: Inside . Suiter and -Jones sts.;
cheap.
$15,000 — .'! magnificent flats; new; 7 rooms each;
on Jackson st, 2 frontages; lot 27:6 x
137:6 ft: all . rooms : sunny, and' light;
r*nt 51440 per annum; bargain, as rent
well worth $1660 per annum. . " \u0084
$11,000 — 3 flne, modern flats; built one year; on
Ashbury st., near 2 car lines; rent over
$100 per month: owner must sell. "
$10.500 — Mason et.. near Union; 2 houses; rents
$80 per month; lot 40x97:6. .
$10,600— Fine comer on 23d st; lot 50x80 ft.
with store and flat building on part of
lot; balance of lot If Improved would
pay big rent: rent for present, building
about $900 per annum;, don't miss this
if you want a bargain. ,
$B,ooo— Fourteenth st. near Valencia; 3 flats
paying big rent: maKe offer;. 29xlos.
$7f607 f 600 — 3. flats; Harrison st., near 24th: lot
runs to rear street; room in rear for 2
flats. .' • . • : \u25a0 \u25a0..,..\u25a0\u25a0
$5,500 — Tenth st. near Folsom; flats in good
order: rented low for $43. " : -- ..
$5,200 — Waller st, near Scott; large lot, 30x
190 to raar street; nne district for Im-
provement. . , "
$3,00(1 — Cheap lot; 24th st, near Dolores;
•\u25a0 40x61.
$4,200 — Cottage, nnarly new; 5 rooms and
bath; near Market and Castro sts.; 25x
102. :'"\u25a0"\u25a0•."• \u25a0\u25a0-' '\u25a0'•\u25a0 \u25a0' " ! \u25a0 ' '-\u25a0-
Cheap lots. Golden Gate aye. and Baker st:
any else; price £2275 and upward; street
• \u25a0 bitumlnixed; lots ready for building.
$5,000 — Residence of 10 rooms and bath; may
b« converted into flats; Howard Et., not
far ' from ; 20th ; , 27 :6x122 : 6 feet.";"-. .
$1 250 — Twentieth aye.. .-near • south' ' line ; of
Golden Gate Park; all ready to build on;
lot 23x120 feet . . .. ; -'.\u25a0-.-
W B McGERRY & C 0.." 119 Sutter st "
. SPECIAL.
SPECIAL.-." :
$9000 — One-half block betwen 23d and 24th
ayes. and O and P.sts..: ; lneludes>3;corners:
-'24 ' lots; these must ' be sold i at once; r are a
.-bargain; an immediate turn* In! these. „-. ;
"A COZY home for the dainty bride" ;Tdon't
fall to see this; easy, terms; $850 down;just
\u25a0 - flnished: modern,'' solidly built, \u25a0 ti ' rooms . and
' bath home;: gas. electricity :> finished base-
ment; := roomy closets: lot* 25x120; hear car
lines; price $3850. 429 •2d aye.. \ near Point
' Lobos; owmr, : on premises.' »'..', -~ ;..- \" "-
GOOD farm, 103 acres. 3 miles from Oakland;
$125 per acre. GILBERT- WYMAN. 27th aye.
and East ICth. Fruitvale. Cal. Tel. Brook 123.
; . REAL ESTATE-— CITY— FOIR ' SALE. . ; -,
' . \u25a0\u25a0' ;.' -- " \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0-'\u25a0\u25a0 SAGE,' : DEALEY <'&'\u25a0 C 0.," # ;- ' ' \u25a0 • !»5
638 Market St.; Opp. \u25a0-. Palace : Hotel.
' Real Estate .Agents and -Auctioneer*. - j
Houses Rented ; '\u25a0. Kents \ Collected ; • Insurance. I
$100,000— Market et. gore cbrner; 2Ss ! ft '\u25a0'. front -
•. i.<" age, Improved. with a magnificent., mod -
: crn 4-etory and 1 - concrete. -basement
building consisting *' of 40 ? apartments
of . 2-3-4 rooms each ; ' porcelain -• :; , bath ;
private flush ' toilets; ; instantaneous
water ; heaters in . each apartment;; clx
fire escapee; beautifully planned
throughout: under secured lease forten
years ;at \u25a0 $7200 : per \u25a0 annum; mortgage
: $40,000 at 6 ocr cent: bank paying all
\u25a0 '-' A taxes; 1 ; tenant makes all repairs.
. 155,000 — A prominent corner, on 6th st; 60 ft.
- ". ' frontage; decidedly well improved; I rent ,
• . $272 per month; could be greatly in-,
creased. . This property ls> actually,
worth to-day $65,000.
$45,000— Folsom et.. 100 ft frontage, near 3d;
.'l- v.the only large holding of this character
. In the entire block; great cite for f ac-
•v.'s.". .-•' tory purposes. \u25a0 s • . . \u25a0 r -,'.-..
$45,000— 6 th; et, near Mission; positively the
-cheapest \u25a0\u25a0 piece In; this- block; must be
' \u25a0"'-'''\u25a0*" -cold Immediately. . .' \u25a0 .',. ', •
$42,500— O'Farrell pf. near Polk: 70 ft front-
age by 120 ft. in depth through to rear
- ..Kreet; rents $218 per month; an unsur-.
- passed site for an -apartment house.. -
$22,500— Large important corner on Harrison
; Bt; -store* and flats; -extremely large
-. lot, 55x80 ft; paying $2004 per annum:
mortgage of t s9Coocan remain; pays
9V4 per cent on equity. •
$26,000 — Important business corner In .the
Western Addition; rent $167 per month;
stores and flats; market value of this
• property to-day $30,000. .
$26,000— Extremely large holding on Sixth st,
50x160 feet, through to Harriet et.: 2
- frontages; this is positively the '. most
. valuable holding for this money on this
entire street; a sacrifice Is being made.
as necessity compels Immediate sale.
$13.000 — Large corner on Bryant st. • near
Seventh, -improved with substantial
8-story frame bulldlnjr. containing 2
etores and 6 flats; rent $109 per month;
• \u0084a .profit of $3000 assured within the
• ' ; next ninety days to:the purchaser.
$12,500 — Folsom et, running through to Clem-
entina st., 25x160 ft: fairly well im-
proved; poeltlvely the cheapest lot ;in
this block; mortgage of $5000 can re-
main. ' . . " *
$9,600 — 2 beautiful flats on Sacramento et..
' near Lyon, containing 7 rooms and por-
. celaln bath: upper contains about 12.
rooms with flnished attic: building
. alone cost the asking price; rent $82 50
per month.
; $9,000— Very flne residence on O'Farrell et,
near Buchanan: lot 34:6x137:6 ft; house
could easily be changed into 2 flats at
" -small cost.
$8,750—3 magnificent flats on Webster 6t.
near O'Farrell st. containing- 6-7-7
rooms; '' first-class condition; perma-
nently rented; paying good interest.
$8.600 — Extremely larce corner on Kearny
and Greenwich sts. ; Improved with 9
flats of 6 rooms each; rent $90 per
month; permanently rented. ;
$7.600 — Magnificent residence on Howard et. ;
85. ft. frontage; situated In the bent
portion of the Mission District; mort-
gage of $5000 can remain. .
\u2666T.OO0 — Magnificent modern I residence of 8
rooms and bath; entire house heated by
furnace; electric lights throughout;
mortgage $3600 can remain; half block
from Park Panhandle.
$s,6so— Great sacrifice on Clementina St.,
backUig up to rear of Folsom at, lot
near Sixth; Improvements bring $50 per
' \u25a0\u25a0• \u25a0' month; never vacant. .... j
$4,500 — Business investment: store and! flat
above; Silver st, near Third; rent
$39 60 per month; great future. . -
$4,ooo— Magnificent modern residence in
choicest portion of the Sunset District:
17th aye., near H st. boulevard: Ellis
cars run within 100 ft of the door;
Improvements alone worth asking price;
will easily rent for $35 per month..-'..
$3,000 — Vallejo at., near Kearny: 3-story
building; store with 2 flats above; per-
manently rented at $34 .per month:
'greatest sacrifice in the way of a email
Investment In this oortion of the city-
SAGE, DEALEY & CO.
638 Market, at. opp. Palace Hotel.
HALFMOON BAY.
TWO MORE TRACTS.
1. 50x150; Town Lots. 2. Acre Villa Sites, i
. Our first tract has been almost entirely sold
out- and we offer for eale the splendid Freltaj
place, which. we have called the . "
MIRAMONES II TRACT.
We have also opened up a tract which we are
cutting up into acre lots. Tills tract known as
\u25a0:' : '-. *\u25a0 -COwDfr*'-"'' \u25a0 '\u25a0' .\u25a0 '
«*re •£*
J iT^l
the Seal Beach Tract, is on the electric road to
the couth of our lots.
VILLA SITES UNEXCELLED. .
Th* Miramontes Tract II has Just been put
on the market Come. ln and get the pick of
the lots. They are 50xlflo feet. •
THE SEAL BEACH TRACT.
With Its acre lots is an unexcelled place for a
country home. ' . . '-
Sunday and Wednesday - Excursions. Unparal-
leled Opportunity for Investment -
Millions are being invested by the Ocean
Shore Railroad and other large concerns. Why?
Because — The- natural -. home place for San
Francisco's business men. , ; .
Because^ — Tied to San Francisco- by electric
car service—^4o minuteß along- the ocean shore —
delightful' ln the -extreme. \u25a0.\u25a0'. . •- ...
Because — Sheltered from fogs and winds and
nestled In the green hills, whose air is pure,
water pure, and every human comfort readily
attainable. ' .; '
The first* train ran over the \u25a0 first twenty
miles of the- road last week out of Santa Cruz.
.If you buy a lot be , near the ; bank, gooJ
stores, the postof flee and schools, not near an
imaginary city, a vision of the future.
Because— Ac an Investment It la . without
parallel in all the history of this great State.
Note.— Reservations' made through the mail*
at present prices will be allowable . till Novem-
ber 1. - \u25a0 - - '
W. D. POTTER COMPANY." Inc.;
804 Montgomery st. . \u25a0„ '
B. GETZ. ROOM 22. CHRONICLE BLDQ.
Owner and Dealer.
THE- "BANNER" BLOCK
Of .
PACIFIC OCEAN HEIGHTS, :
Between I and J Sts..' 43d and 44th Aye*,.
\u25a0 • .- • Being now graded to official grade.
Streets to be accepted by. Board of Pub. Wks.
Water, Gas, Electric and Tel. Wires.
85 feet above ocean. - • -\u0084 ".;' " ^
Most Magnificent Marine and Park View.
Ocean Beach Cars . to H st and 48th aye.
Only one \u25a0•block to walk. .
See the teams -at work — Get in first
Lots sold cheap— Terms to suit-. you..
Call for Map . and Diagram.
$300 and up— Oeeanslde and. Parktlde -Lota
On Ocean Shore and . Parkslde R. R.
Splendid view— Very easy payments.
$400 and vp — Richmond , Sunset • and Boulevard
• Lots— Terms. ;.- . '\u25a0.:. ;
$500 and up— North of Park lots on easy terms.
Grand view of Spreckels Lake, G. G. Park .
and Ocean— On Ocean Shore R. R.
$100 to $600— Excelelor and Ocean View lota,
- -' $5 a month. f - -.
$1000 to $3000— Cottages and houses on terms. \u25a0.
BUY DIRECT : FROM THE \ OWNER. . ."'
B. GETZ.......... "R00m 22. ......:.. 2nd Floor
.CHRONICLE BUILDING.
J. R SAUL & : CO.. 522 Clement i st, :
RICHMOND DISTRICT. ::.,
$5500 — Fine . house of 1- large - rooms. : lawn ; in
front: , lmmense back yard; nice barn and
driveway; : lot- 39x120; i this property^ U
'. : .r- ':\u25a0.'. within a stone's throw of. 3 different elec-
. trie car systems;. see this to-day.'-.-
$7OO each — Six lots on car 1ine;, 25x120. i
$675. each— Two | lots •on . car. line ; i 25x120.
These lots can bet bought; for $100 down,' : °bal-
. . ance >6. per cent* -t \u25a0.-..{: 0- '•.>;•;'. -\~-
s3oo0 — -Business property; on j Clement 1 at,-, mear
6th aye. : store with barn In rear.'
J. R. SA UL & CO.. 622 : Clement «t.
. \u0084 RICHMOND DISTRICT...
A COZY cottage in -Garden -Tract Homestead:
located between - San >Bruno: and Railroad
ayes. ; ; convenient^ to ; Rlsdon and Union -'lron
Works; 4 rooms;, hard finish;, newly renovat-
ed;; high basement ;\u25a0 brick foundation; lot 25x.
100: $1250: $100. cash, ,' balance \u25a0 like rent \u25a0 .
1 Fine 'bargain;* Ingleslde; 7° rooms; almost
new: ' 2 ; blocks ; from car." line; lot - 25x100;
- $1700; $130 cash, '. balance . like rent. \u25a0
i - .W.> N.", RLSSELL, . rr t; , ..-\u25a0\u25a0; .-, '- ..»*;: V.^.---
"s." s . -301; California St.-, :'San Francisco,? Cal. ;
ARE you.looklna;,for city property.' or a -home?
\u25a0 Berkeley,' l Oakland or'Alameda? You can.save
money by calling, orwrlttng ROTHERMEL &
'\u25a0', CO.. 507; California ; st.; ; S.; F.V.;<.>: ; ;
BARGAIN-^ A', beautiful '/, home/; 7 L -. rooms s, and
bath, just 'completed; modern -improvements;
don' t fall to ccc It. 651 7th aye.. Rich.- Dls.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB SAXB. .
LYON &; HOAG, 'll6 ; Montgomery • st '
Send for our printed list of property for sals
In all sections of > the.' city. ".-J-. 5 ; : •",
- GOOD RENTING SECTION.
$5,000^- York »t..- near 21st; 2 brand new. flat*
• ; :.-\u25a0 of 4 and \u25a05 ' rooms and bath; rooms all
sunny; street accepted; good basement;
-'nlce.'tarden.' :v. \u25a0;—>•:-\u25a0 :.-,->' -
BEAUTIFUL FLATS NEAR -PARK.
$14,000— Two. Krand fiats, brand new, built fot
, a home;. no expense spared: in construc-
tion: 2 separate entrancee; like prlvat«
residence; 7 and -' 9 - rooms and bath;
. northeast corner; contains 2750 squar*
' ' ,' \u25a0 feet-.. • \u25a0 -.'- - ..\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 / ',
HOME SAME AS RENT.. ,
$1,600— Moultrle Bt.,= near Cortland aye.; bay-
" ! window -house. 7: rooms .and bath; :in
Ij.-^" -. •\u25a0' good. condition; near school. ,s, >
A SPLENDID BARGAIN. ;
$11,500— Devisadero st .near Halght; 3 dandy
; new flats. 6 rooms ' and path each; key
lot: lljcht and, sun in all rooms; rented
low to. good tenants. $92 60; j- t this la
, going to sell, bo be quick.' •-•-.:
' GOOD PERMANENT INVESTMENT.
$15.000 — Reduced to effect quick sale; 6 pretty,
new; flats, 4 rooms and bath each;;op-
••' i- posite park; fronting 'two main, streets;
'these flats will always rent 'well; rents
$151 60. - '.-..-• ---..-.'-\u25a0-
":. FLATS NEAR PARK. ;-..: - .
« $5,600— Rented -low. $576; 2 modern, up-to-
' date flats. 7 rooms and bath each; street
; • accepted; near Frederick and Clayton sts.
i . FLATS PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
$6,6so— Rents $600; 2 1 new . fiats. 5 rooms and
bath each ; built exceptionally . good ;
every modern convenience; Sacramento
street , ' ;.,
LOTS FOR INVESTMENT.
;LOTB.FOR HOMES.
RESIDENCE LOTS NEAR - TOWN.
$3250— Devisadero, nr.- Duboce- '\u25a0 two block*
south of Haleht; 25 to 30 feet,. s2loo to $3250;
terms one-fifth \u25a0 cash; balance In four years;
we i know of Ino . property in the Western Ad-
dition within the same distance of the business,
section : for . anything like the price; sheltered
from the winds and fog by hills, to the west:
surrounded by- beautiful homes; delightful
views of the city and bay; street accepted.
I LOTS OPPOSITE THE PARK.
Fulton, nr. Stanyan; Parkslde aye.. bet
Fulton and McAllister. Just west of Stanyan-,
streets 'accepted;- side sewers In; price $1750
to $4500; easy terms: cheapest building lots
in the city; marine view; only a few. left
, 'BEAUTIFUL NEW HOMES.
Large sunny rooms; hardwood floors; i latest
sanitary, plumbing; marble steps; best of ma-
terial and workmanship; prices low, from $5750
to $8500; very .easy terms; splendid neighbor-
hood. \u25a0 near Duboce Park;- take Halght-st cat
to | Scott or Devisadero - st. ; walk two blocks
south. - \u25a0 \u25a0 / •
LYON & HOAG.- ;
' • .-' \u25a0 116 . Montgomery et : . '
i . — — . .
==. - ; -
BURLINGAME PARK.
$450 TO $600.
LOTS AVERAGE 60x150.
$100 CASH. $10 . MONTHLY- .
Have you seen the beautiful Burllngame
Park, with its flne macadamized roads wind-
ing through trees planted 25 years ago, near
\u25a0 both electric cars and the railway station?
Burllngame lands are not a "wildcat"
\u25a0 speculation; the property has merit, and
the prices arc- so low that they must ad-
vance. Think of this beautiiul land, with
as good a climate as you can find In the
; world selling for $10 a front foot and only
88 minutes from the wind and fog of San
Franclaco. When the bay shore cutoff Is
completed It will -be. only 25 minutes. Will
i not thousands take advantage of this cli-
mate and natural beauty when It Is In such
easy reach? Will not prices advance? Come
to our office at Burllngame station, see
the land and Judge for yourself. Remem-
ber, every lot has sewer and water pipes
• laid in front of it. . "
This pleasant trip will prove . profitable.
Come to-day, either by electric cars or train.
Electric cars leave 6th and Market sts.
LYON & HOAG, 116 MONTGOMERY ST.
BARGAIN MISSION LOTS.
PRICE $650 TO $1500.
Magnificent new tract on Mlaslon St., near
Rlchland aye. ; excellent car service passing
tract every three minutes; 25 minutes from
ferry. College aye. macadamized and oiled.
Sewers, water. ' jras and electric service. Fine
views of San Francisco Bay, overlooking: new
Islais Park, proposed under the Burnham plan
for beautifying city. Very deep lots, 150 to
200 feet Modern cottajtes being erected on
tract. Terms $100 cash, balance on easy terms.
Take Mission st cars to Rlchland, College or
St. Mary's aye. - • * '. •
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery St.
WEISBBEIN BROS. & CO..
"OWNERS AND HOME PROVIDERS.
• 616 SACRAMENTO BT.
> We are " continually adding to our holdings,
and have now on hand a erreat variety of lots
in the MISSION WARM BELT, as also in dif-
ferent parts of SUNSET DISTRICT. X
- Give us a call and obtain a list of our hold-
ings; we. feel satisfied that we can save you
money. . \u25a0 -\u25a0
Remember, you are dealing with the owners
direct; we are only handling our own proper-
WEISSBEIN BROS. A CO.
" WEISSBEIN BROS. & CO.,
, OWNERS.
616 Sacramento Bt. •
new block.
newWk.
bounded by ;
lake and california streets,
fifteenth and sixteenth avenues.
Only ONE BLOCK *-om the new 800-foot
BOULEVARD connecting GOLDEN GATE
PARK with the PRESIDIO.
THE CREAM OF THE RICHMOND.
CHOICE MARINE VIEW.
You miss the opportunity of your life, if you
don't obtain one of them.
Perfectly level, and ready to build on.
I Sewer, ' Water and. gas in streets.
. EASY TERMS.
$150 down, balance .$lO .-monthly. Interest 6
per cent per annum.
- Call and see them to-day; several lota aold
already. • • '
.WEIBSBEIN BROS. & CO.
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.'(lnc).
513 California st.
$27,500 — 40x62:6; corner on Dupont st; entire
• property leased to on© tenant, at $17a
per month. "
$20,000 — Guerrero-st~ corner; Improvements con.
Fist of 12 apartments: renting for $208.
$17,600— 64 ft on Valencia st, near 22d: im-
p rovements 2 stores and dwelling house.
$15,000— Union St.; - near Laguna; 50x187:6,
\u25a0 etores - and flats : renting for f 123 - pei
month. - ,:..»< s ' "
$15,000— Dore st; near Bryant; 10 modern flats
- renting for $140 per month; offer wanted.
$13,500— 51 feet frontage; Webster st, neai
: Jackson; old improvements.
$12,000—57:6x60 to rear street; corner Union
- \u25a0 and Mason ste. ; Improvements, store and
. flats, renting \u25a0 for. $S0 60. - ;
$12,000 — Baker st, near Golden Gate aye.; 23x
. . 96:10^£; Improvements 3 modern flats
renting- for $87 50 per month.
$10.000 — 43:6x100;^ Filbert st, near Mason;
flats : and cottages; renting ' for : $86 50
.' per ; month. '.. ' \u25a0\u25a0
-. $8,250-^-30x130 ft: ; Howard et. . nr. 16th ; lra-
: - provementfi. stores and flats, renting fot
$80 per month.-,,- ! ;" . / \u25a0 -.
$7§lo7 § 100 — 25x123; Sacramento et.,' near Webster;
- 2 modern flats of 5 rooms each, renting
\u25a0 for $66.
$6,250— 25x101; Clayton st, near Frederick;
modern house of 8 rooms and bath.
$6,000—50x106:3; east, line of Clayton st.
southof Waller: will subdivide.
$s,soo— Sacramento st. near Jones: . modern
1 cottage of 6 rooms and bath. , :
ARE YOU LOOKING. for AN, INVESTMENT?
We have "a business . property paying ovei
fl u^r cent net. at' a low- rent: .lot 50x137:6:
brick - building. \u25a0In J. first-class condition; . good
downtown location; $32,000. f; v •
$0500— Fllbert-st.*' residence. ' inside of Hyde,'
near car, line: 8 rooms and bath, with a cot
tage on . the.. rear; .'substantial building; ; lot
45x137:6;-flne marine view and very deslrablt
neighborhood. \u25a0'•''-; « :
$5750-t3 nice, large flats on vallejo st. neat
Van Ness ave.:. lot 25x122:6. with 2 frontages,
rear part $ ready to build; rent $73; must •be
sold this month; make an offer.; * .
' $1250 — Corner «lot, • .75x75, _wlth ' email i house.'
on Bernal Heights; fine,:, healthy -location • for
resldence; 1 little. more money would: buy thre*
other/. adjoining '\u25a0• lots.- making ' a very.'jtood
poultry-raising -place. >: -' •\u25a0..-..
\u25a0 Investigate -at once. \
. .; RIANDA &-' CO.'. 627/ Montgomery st: \u25a0•; .
UNITED STATES IMPROVEMENT. AND IN-
- VESTMENT COMPANY, \u0084
"-'.:\u25a0'*- 638 CALIFORNIA-ST.
- REAL ESTATE DEPARTMENT.
$15 000— Choice . corner. - Franklin st ; vicinity
. Broadway;: 52x125. '.-„ -.-.'. . ..
$10,500 — Modern - dwelling: '.12 ; rooms. -^ 2 -baths;
'-• -,- -.-\u25a0?-, Washington > st:.^choice location: large
\u25a0'\u25a0' lot.' 32x125:- bargain. \ ,;,:..• . ..
$10,500— Rents i $1140 a year; north ; side MeAl-
- llstt-r \u25a0 : st : ;\u25a0 best " part : X: 3 modern • flats •
lot 25x137:6v;y ;rV: : -. -,•'.:*
$9,soo— Modern : dwelling, , 10 ' rooms . and bath. '
yard, ;.' earden." :. flne : view : Page at ; , vl-
:, cinity i Flllmore; lot 30x137:6. ,. ;\u25a0
\u25a0\u25a0;; ; :-\u25a0:.\u25a0:.,:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• -LISTEN."-,' .-.•-.,'..•/;•.'\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0 .-.- ~
, > v We'. want : a' itood . real estate proposition tc
"\u25a0} handle; ? can; back Jt-up-with: money. »bralns
and .. " thorough '• knowledge of the business.
-,:Box;i2os.';:CaU.-.:;' a. ,•.\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0.»..-,,..-\u25a0.\u25a0•.-\u25a0\u25a0-;.:.. .-\u25a0.\u25a0•.-\u25a0\u25a0-;.:.- -\u25a0 -
HOUSE of -7 rooms and bath, $3300. "\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - • -\u25a0 ' '
'House of 5 r.' and; b.;- large basement, $2150.
Lot for $10 down and $5. 4433 Mission. \u25a0, -
:: [ BJSAL ESTATE— ClT '*~^^]J£££j^
- J.-W. WRIGHT & CO., 630 Market St. : - \u25a0
$16,600— Rent Uw per month; eler*nt business
property in the Western Addition, con-
sisting of store ana s riais ; very art w-
Ucaliy and'substanually bunt; no better
lncurne' property m the city." "\u25a0\u25a0 '
$25,000— Kentea low at $«X> per annum; lot iw
, xSO;- Improved with six" a-story. houses,
vicinity of 2d and Brannan sts. \u25a0
$19.000— Fine 4-story building of 21 rooms; vi-
. cinity of Bush and 'aiason sts,; leasea
for a 'years at J135 per montn; a ens
Investment downtown. '
$18,750— Kent *SlB per month; 6 elegant mod-
ern up-to-date flats of 4 ano: 5 rooms
;-. :-.'. ~-:« and bath each: choice location in the
Western Addition; unusually well built
$17,600— Rented low, at $l2so per annum; ele-
. gant business corner on Folsom St., near
«th; store and flais; 25x80. , m L_~.
$18,000— Rented low at *»6O per annum; 60x85;
stores and flats; 6th st., vicinity of Har-
rison; cheapest property In this loca-
- Uon. v '
$14.500— Kented low at $1200 per annum: 4
modern flats of 6 and 7 room* nad bath
\u25a0.\u25a0 each; lot 60x137:6; bank mortgage of
$&COO can remain; Sutter st, east of
Webtter.
$15,400— Rents $137 50 per month; splendid
corner on Hayes st. of 8 new, modern
•':•\u25a0: \u0084; flats of 8 rooms and bath each; every
room light and sunny.
$15,000— Lot 60x137:6; swell neighborhood on
California St.: old residence of 10 rooms
"' and bath; rented for $40 per month.
$10,000— Rents $80 per month; 3-story frame
building of store . and lodging-house of
* 16 rooms; on Harrison st. near 3d; lot
25x75: a fine buy.
$B,ooo— Rented very low at $70 per month: 2
good flata of 6 and 6 rooms and bath
each; also a 6-room pottage in the rear;
lot 20x120; two, frontages; vicinity of
Van Ness and California. :
$9,ooo— Rents $97 per month; 10 flats ef 3
rooms each; good street south of Mar-
ket st, near 8d; lot 31xS5;,new. plumb-
ing; brick foundation; always rented;
make offer. ".
$8,750 — Rents $95 per month: a fine corner on
19th st. of a store and 4 living rooms:
\u25a0V -. \'l;. also 3 flats of 5 and 6 rooini and bath
each; lot 25x100; positively a snap.
$8,760 — Rent $85 per month; S new modern
flats of 5 rooms and bath, each; fine
sunny corner on Hyde st •
$7.500-r ßents $72 50 per month: 3 new flats
of 5 rooms and bath each: near' McAl-
c'.isvr lister and Central aye. ;• lot 27:9x68:9:
reduced from $50CO to make quick sale.
$7,500 — Rents $60 per month: new modern
house of 10 rooms and bath; lot 27:6 x
\u25a0 '112; vicinity of Washington and Mason
sts.; bargain. '
$7,250 — Rents $72 60: 4 new. modern flats of
4 rooms and bath each; lot 25x104:
choice location in the Mission.
$7,soo— Rents $75 per month: lot 25x114; ele-
gant modern building of a store and 2
flats of 8 and 7 rooms: nicely located in
the Mission Warm Belt
$7,000 — Rent $50 per month; flne business cor-
ner; store and flat; near 15th and Va-
lencia sts.; lot 25x80.
f 6,2oo— Two elejrant flats of 8 and fl- rooms
and bath: Just finished; modern In every
particular: beautifully located In the
Mission Warm Belt; lot 25x114; rent
$570 per annum. ~-.
$6.ooo— Snap; rented very low at $47 60: lot
27:6x75; 2 modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each: Oak rt.. east of Webster.
$B,ooo— R«nts *64 per month: 4 flats of 4
rooms and bath each: lot 50x100: good
plumbinsr. etc.; Mission Warm Belt
$s,7so— Rent ?45 per month; lot 25x82:6: good
substantial 2-story building of a store
and llvlntr rooms and fiat above of 6
rooms and bath; well located on Sutter.
$5.250 — Rents $40 per month; 2 flats of 4 and
5 rooms and bath each: Buchanan st.
near Bush; lot 22:6x82:6; lot alone
t worth the money.
$8,500 — Rents SS4 per month: flne corner of 2
- - stores and 4 flats. Inside Van Ness aye. ;
lot 43:fix73:6: a bargain.
$4,000 — Lot 25x95: new, modern 2-story resl-
- - dence of 6 rooms and bath: strictly up-
to-date: near Golden Gate Park. '
$2,200 — Rent $23 per month: 2. flats of 4
rooms: lot 20:6x76:6; Western Addition;
bargain.
LOTS.
fS.OOO— Lot 75x187:6: level and ready to build
on: Btreet work all done: oement side-
walks; well located; on Fulton st.
$7,soo— Elegant corner: 67 feet frontage,
- • facing Duboce Park.
J. W. WRIGHT & CO.. 630 Market st.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEB & CO..
\u25a0 218 MONTGOMERY 6T.
$12,500 — 20th st: corner; 7 new flats; 4 and ft
rooms and bath each; total rent $115;
. ' lot 25x97:6 feet
$10,500 — Baker st.. corner, near Green: Grand
marine view corner; 62:6x104 feet.
$22,500 — California st. corner: substantial 2-
story and basement residence; 14 rooms
and 2 baths; first-class condition; lot
68:9x110 feet.
$16,000 — Folsom St.. corner, near Third: lot 25
xIOO ft; improvements, 8 flats; rent $31;
' mortgage $7500 can remain. .
$11,000 — Green St., near Laguna; rents $1260
.. a year: 3 new. beautiful, marine view
flats,. 6 rooms and- bath each; lot 25x
137:6 ft.; mortgage $5000 at 6 per cent;
pays 15 per cent.net; positively the best
. buy on the market ->
$20,000 — Turk st, near Buchanan; T houses.
• - 6-8 rooms and bath each: total rents
$ US; lot 51:10x120 ft to Laurel aye.
$16,000 — Pacific st, bet Montgomery and San-
some; 3-story frame building of 2 stores
and 24 rooms above; guaranteed lease;
" pays $110 per month: lot 41x68:9 ft;
mortgage $5000; tenants pay alt repairs.
including roof: this property pays 8 per
cent net on equity.
$5,250— 24 th st, corner San Jose aye.: sub-
stantial residence of 7 rooms and bath:
lot 30x90 ft.: In excellent condition.
$15,000— Eleventh st. near Market: modern
buildlnsr. containing- store and 2 fiats;
rents $77 60: lot 25x80 feet.
$10,000 — Folsom st. near Sixth; frame bulld-
lngr; store and 2 flats; rents $61; lot
25x80 feet: a pick-up.
$22,600 — Pacific aye., near Laguna at; elegant
modern residence; salon parlors; 4 bed-
rooms, bllllard-room, electric and gas
lighting: modern in every respect: beau-
tiful marine view; lot 27x127:8^4 ft;
. a bargain.
$15,000-"Ellis st, this side of Van Ness aye.:
frame Improvements: rent about : $85;
lot 27:6x120 ft to rear street; very
cheap.
$40,800— Fourth St.. near Harrison; 2-story
brick and frame building: one tenant
pays $125 month: large lot 51x80 ft:
positively one of the best bargains of-
fered, considering the grand future of
this street
$50.000 — Fourth-st corner, near Harrison;
over 10,000 square feet; old improve-
ments; no leases; further particulars at
our office. .
$5,500— Filbert st. near Broderlck; marine
view residence. 7 rooms and bath; extra
- large lot; finished basement and garage.
$7,ooo— Pine st. near Laguna: splendid resi-
dence, 9 rooms and bath: brick founda-
tion; good condition ; 23x137:6; north
side of street; a bargain.
$1,600 — Each; 25th aye.. near Lake, grand
marine. view lots; 31x120 feet each:
Just put on the market; will sell for
cash or terms.
$18 000— Sacramento st business corner, near
. , Central aye.; 3-story frame - building-,
grocery store and 2 flats; rents $155
per month; store leased for 5 years.
$14,600 — Washington st. » near -Walnut: mod-
ern marine. view residence: choice loca-
tion;- 11 rooms- and bath; lot 27:6 x
102 ft.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
218 and 220 Montgomery st. Mills bldg.
T" W. D. BROWN & CO. (INC.) ".
203 Montgomery et Phone Main 8502.
$45,000.
$43,000.
100 ft frontage ; 6th and Folsom ets.
Beat portion. '.
Splendid business site.
Substantial Improvements, modern phimblns.
- A 6 per cent : Investment.
\u25a0 $50,000— Sixth-street transfer corner.
Splendid Improvement*.
Income $3100 a. year..,
$57,500— Ninth et.. close to Market: magnifi-
cent large lot: in a direct line with the
Western Pacific terminus and only a
few- feet from our . main thoroughfare;
> . - $35,000 bank mortgage can remain.
$27,500— 52940 yearly rental: splendid W. A;
. . 'corner: new improvements: location one
\u25a0in which this property will keep stead-
ily rented: investigate at once.
W. D. BROWN & CO. - (INC.) '
• - ;. Phone Main 3502. -.
W. J. . WHITE COMPANY. ~Z • . •
$300 down.- $l5 .monthly, buys new. modern,
5-room and bath \u25a0'- cottage, mantel , and ' grate
high basement cement foundation, bay win-
dows; choice of either rustic or single finish;
nearschcol: half. block CorUand aye.; $1600.-
$250 down; lot 27:6x100; on J st. near 14lh
aye.; 2 blocks park entrance; street work, side-
walks: done; water; sewer; $750.
Read cur "ad." , under Cour try. Property. •
Loans. Insurance. '. 26 Montgomery st.. r. 8.
VISITACION VALLEY LOTS. 25x110.
•$S.down: 2.b locks from school; level, sur-
veyed • and ready to bulla on: Spring Valley
water: on line of S. P. Cut-off ; : homes built to
suit on easy terms. Apply to J. T. ROBERTS
corner ; Sunnydale \u25a0 and San Bruno ayes. ; I take
car. att Flfth : and Market' transfer to Six-Mite
House car and ride to end of. car, line.
MUST be sold — 700 ; choice lots near - Racine
•Wis.. a growing manufacturing city of 35.000
population: prices ridicuously low; $200 lot
• for .'sso. $3: down, balance $3: per month; no
i. taxes or Interest until paid; flne location: on
interurban and - direct . railway line between
Chicago and -Milwaukee; will make .beautiful
homes or profitable Investments. Further In-
. formation of Chas. R. Davis.' Milwaukee. Wl*. •
............... ...FOR: SALE 8Y....;.....*..
JULIEN- 5M1TH... v.:420 Montgomery st"
Market and 17th: corner: \u25a0 144! feet at.;.. $2O*>
Harrison and 12th;: C1x100. ...... - ; .-. . . $7,300
Store.* flat and 6-room house;: 1 . .v.V. : .'.-.-. -j«,POO
Sixteenth and Castro: flats and extra 10t512,500
Harrison, ; near Cth;' rent"sso;rrrr:'.V.;'.". $6,300
Two flats; Union st; near FlUmore .-".•; . ; . : $7,230
FILLMORE, \u25a0•- 118-120-122. near * Halght— 3 e!e-
gant new 1 flats.. 6 rooms and bath each;- rent-'
' ed'at $1)2 50 a- month; T price: $ll;50O."-- in- ;
\ quire D. ; CONDON/; builder. >on \u25a0 premises \u25a0 2
to 3; home address, - 73 ' Diamond st ' '
KEAL KSTATE-^ITY— FOR SXLB. -
7 O. D. BALDWIN. & SON.
240 Bush st. Mills building.
Member of . San Francisco Real Estate Board.
""downtown.
$40 000— Only two blocks from Mills buiiainj.
a fine lot. over 43 feet and very deep;
old Improvements; right In the heart
of the; downtown 'district; splendid lot
to improve.
FILLMORE-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
$36.000— Near California; fine building, wit*
\u25ba*^ Stores, etc.; on a lot over 6O (eet wtde;
leases for ?223 per month: this is a
safe investment and worth investigation.
FOURTH-ST. CORNER.
$33.000— Fine business corner; good sized lot. .
with substantial 3-story building: gtor»»
and flats above: rents low; $I»7 SO per
#»: month; an Al proposition.
•O-FARRELL. NEAR JONES.
$27".50O— Larpe lot. very wide and deep, with
old house: at least $7500 below market
value; Investigate quick.
HANDSOME TURN IN THIS.
$25,000 — A large frontage near foot of S«o-
ond St.. where property values are rap-
idly Increasing- owinr to the great build.
Ins Improvements.
LEAVENWORTH-ST. CORNER.
$25 000 — Near Washington: lot almost 80 ft.
wide and full depth: improved wit*
houses; renting tor $165; a fine hold-
ing. " . . . ,;
SECOND-ST. CORNER. V* *?
$20,000— Fine corner, near Howard: old im-
provements: rents about $100; this la
J j. good for a turn and will pay to lmpxov*.
POST. NEAR POLK— BARQALV.
$16,000— Double house on flne key lot to Pout
st. frontage; 30x120 to rear street: reata
$90: sure to iacrease In value; this t»
good.
FINE MISSION CORNER FLATS.
$14,000 — Elegant new building, containing 5
up-to-date flats of 5 and 3 rooms and
bath: beautiful Interior finish; reata
$120; a flne investment.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
SUITABLE FOR BUSINESS.
$14,000— Corner, 53x80, wlta old improvement*:
finely located.
DOWNTOWN SNAP— MUST BB SOLD.
$12,750— 0n Post st. between Hyde and TjW.
kin; lot 25x137:6. with old building ia
good order: rents $57 50: lot alone worth
$600 per front foot; Investigate quick.
NEW HOMES.
$4.Bso— Near Castro and Hill sts.; new u?-to»
date residence, with. all tha latett Im-
provements: very easy term» can be ar-
ranged; get particulars.
CHOICE LOT.
$3,ooo— Facing Panhandle; lnrs«tlxat» M
once; owner anxious to •att. ~*--
snap!
$2,650— Nearly 50 feet frontage, wtta -tww
'.-. • flats: room for three more; near Hy£»
and Pacific; can get 15 per cent oa la-
vestment; Investigate.
WE HAVE CHEAP LOTS U» RICH3SONTX
SUNSET AND WESTERN ADDITION. CAXA
FOR LIST.
O. D. BALDWIN * . BOJT.
L, 240 Buah St.. Mills building. .
DAVIDSON & LEIOH. 207 Montgomery tt.
Opp. Mills bldg. Phone Main 123.
-. '.:- RENTS COLLECTED.
$110,000— Rents $7434 per annum; leased for
several ' years; only one tenant, who
makes all repairs, pays water, etc.:
best possible security for rent: mag-
nificent 6-story and basement brick
building, almost new; occupied as
yjV." stores and rooming house; In the cen-
ter of the new business section: ex-
tremely large lot. nearly 40x120 to
rear street; mortgage of $45,500 can
remain at 4% per cent Bet; a chance
> for an immediate turn in this; all ad- \u25a0
<\u25a0- Jacent holdings held at much higher
figures.
$60,000—137:6x100; close to the railroad
i terminals, south of Market;, corner of
\ - two main streets: extremely choice lo-
> . cation for manufacturing plant, ware-
house site, or any kind of wholesale
business; nothing else so cheap or de-
sirable in the section; present im-
provements pay good Income.
$35,000— Over a 70- foot corner on Fifth St.:
the last corner on this street, which
has been overlooked for so long, and on
which speculators and Investors are
now paying fancy Bgures; to be had
at the old prices: our contract soon ex-
pires : make an offer at once. -
-$25,000 — A big corner south of Market st. and
east' of Sixth, containing- -'nearly - 53.000
square feet, with old improvements,
paying '6 - per cent, which could •b»
made to pay 8 per cent by the ex- .
penditure of" a little money; a fine buy
as a permanent Investment: $II,OCO
"can remain.,' --.".•' *•:; 0-
523,000— A fine corner on Fifth st. close up;
' has three frontages; superb bultdtatc •
site, or Investment for the future: with
; stores and dwellings: $9000 mortgage
can remain.
$3,soo— Rents $1020 per year: 3 handsome
flats on 16th st. near Church; well
* planned; sun reaches all rooms, and
desirable In every way; 5-6-6 rooms
and bath each.
$9,ooo— Rents $1044; business property, la
most active part of Mission: store and
flats, in good repair; large 3O ft. lot
with full depth; this must be sold t».
close an estate; oSers will be coasid-
*"**• SPECIAL. ...
$B,6oo— Rents $763; 4 elegant flats «n Gotdea
Gate aye.; worth fully $7000; all rented
and Just completed: handsome man-
tels and finishing; 3 and 4 room* and
bath each: large lot; best proposition
of its kind on any street la this city;
only small amount of cash reauired.
$11.600— Rents $1320: S new fiats In Central
Western Addition; Inside of Buchanan
st. near Sutter; sunny side of street:
Just completed: outstanding obliga-
tions to be met peremptorily tha cause
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 207 MONTGO3CEBT.
. . A. J. RICH A CO.-
Real Estate Agents. 113 Montgomery «t.
$n,ooO— Harrison it; large corner: MxlOO;
close to 6th st; store* asd fiats; pays
fine income.
$6,5C0— 25 lots south ef park, dose to Ocean
Boulevard.
$40 000— Sixth st.: business mrestment: store*
and flats; large lot 75x90l
$16.000 — Washington st, near Presidio **•.;
large residence. 15 rooms and bath;
lot 30x127:8%. -\. - .;
$12.500— O'Farrell «t; large modern teprov»«
residence .of 12 - rooms and bathj be-
tween Gough and Octavla sts.; lot 2T:Bz
120. •
$35 000— Mission and 24th sts. : northwest cor-
- ncr: 124x117 :«: S frontages; Improre-
- ments; stores; large Income. . . ••
$47,600— F0150m at., near 6ta; 75x168; a on*
\u25a0 Investment: present Income orer $300
- per month. - \u25a0 \u25a0 .
$8,600 — Baker st. residence: between Grove
and Fulton sts.; 9 romoa and bath; lot
25x1C0. ,
$12,000 — Pacific aye.. between Van Ne*a »t«.
and Franklin; 30x132; fine location for
a residence.
$12,000 — Oak st fiats, facing Panhandle: Bear
Clayton st. : 8 7 and 7 rooms and bath;
rents $32. $33 60 and $37 50 per month;
mortgage $5000. .
$30, COO— Flllmore *st Investment, near . Cali-
fornia st: 50 ft. frontage; store and
\u25a0 fiats.
$12,000— Block 240x600; near Octaa Boulevard:
flne buy.
: A. J. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery st.
PHILLIPS & CULVER. > '
City and Country Real Estate.
22 Sutter st.
$4,000— Beautiful building lot 25x100; Fell
st on north side of Panhandle: street
bltuminlzed and cement walk; If you ar»
' going to build this Is the lot you want
$7,7so— Lombard, nr. Stockton; lot 40xSO. with
- , 4 flata. always rented $720 per annum.
$7.750— L0t 26:6x110; 22d and Noe sts.. wlta
6-room house and 2 fiats. 4 and 5 rooms,
rented for $552-per annum.
$11.000 — Bryant st. bet. Cth and .7th; 30x30:
store and flats; rents $1680 per % year.
$15.000 — 50x100: cor. lot on Valencia, near 17th.
j^rt.OCO — South line of Folsom. east of Oth.' 75x
90; with three S-room houses; nominal
IBHBVtvstsZnßßVMßiaaan
$20,000— Mason at. in North Beach. 60x113;
with store and 43 rooms above; leased
for $2040 per annum. .
$26,000— Elegant site for apartment-house or
hotel. Jackson st; near Jones: lot 13?!#*
137:6. with L 24x137:6; worth $33,000;
new apartments all around this property.
$38,500— Magnificent corner lot, 137:6x129. la
best residence section on Van Ness aye..
will subdivide. " - .
$47.500-^-New apartment-house of ICO room*:
lot 74:6x137:6. located on Mason st. in
an excellent renting locality; rent $492*
per- annum on guaranteed lease, ?H
-years. yet, to run. .
$150.000— Modern 6-story building on 4th st..
stores on around fioor hotel above; lot
34x137:6; now leased for $0000 per year,
but lease is about to expire and rents
can be raised. -\u25a0 ; j \u25a0 -
\u25a0 PHILLIPS £ CULVER.
' City asd Country Real Estate,
• : :.'•-.. - . 22 Setter st.
$So.fO<v— RF.NT $557: larsre 6th st. corner. -.-
*75.0C0— Leased S3*T: bus~cor.. E. Mason.
$.Vi.CftO— Sntp: er»x!37:e. on Grant aye.
\u25a0'" $37 .C00— Rest business corner on D«»vlsaderO.
- $13.000— Barvaln near 'Kearny aad Bush.
. PERCY B. TRAVERS. 330 Pine st.
$34C0— COTTAGE bouse; 5 rooms, bath, stable;
. let 3Cx9O; all Rocd order. JAMES MACKAT.
\u25a0..510 14th; st.;" 100 feet west of Guerrero st
COME see 'plans of cottages; 4 rooms $*3O; 5
rooms. $1200. Builder. 436 Parrott hulldlac.REAL ESTATE— CITY—FOR SALE.
BOARDMAN BROTHERS _ CO.. ~
13S MOXTCOMEKY HT.,
K_A_ ESTATE AGENTS.
* s *'^k~T K * ar Turk and Lcavesworrfa ; good.
•modern imnrcvemenu; under leaee to
one te:«_u at $4;o0 a sear; a very tafe.
Mn/«! Übi ' investment.
..-wuw-- -mission corner; business property; new
.rnproVernents; never idle; brines in
5-o-Tj ncr annum; in a progressive lo-
cality.
520.0*j — fceoond st. corner, inside of Folsom; a
KDOd turn can be made en this very
Quickly; the cheapest corner en that
\u0084„ „„ * l "* t : X>*y« $1140 t*r annum.
. *.6,000— Mission *t.. near Ninth; rood sized
lot. with old house; this Is cne or the
cheapest pieces In that section; a turn
r in this.
CU.COO— -Fiiimore et.; new and elegant flats;
r«ut for $1100 a year; call ror details ox
»-a«»« " real barsalnf
ixO, 76o— McAllister ft. bargain, north side, a
r.ew and elerant flats: every modern
convenience; all occupied at low rent-
— ». $10b0 a year; original cost of prcp-
1- nm trty XV£ " *13.0Cf; btr.k mortgage $5000.
• •.000 — Second avc. fiats; ne- er vacant; 4
flats, 4 rocnis ar.J bath each; wood man-
tels, etc.; $72 a month; these flats much
\u0084 r .. ln demand by tenants.
\u26663.650 — Miesioj, investment; 2 fiats en Folsom
St.; tew; real $570 per annum; lot 25x
,„ "»• *v. : v- »
*»i,lO0 — On emaJl street, near 6th and Bryant
sts.; Improvements in good shape; $3^6
a year rer.tal; rays 9 per cent net.
r-i «~. RESIDENCES.
»~s,CO0 — Magr.ificfcnt Broadway residence, 9
, large rooms; well built; sunny: hard-
wood floors; every convenience and com-
fort.
tIS,OW> — Broadway residence, north side, not
far Irom Octavla; 10 rooms: In excel-
lent •&_£«.
•-S.OO0 — Jones «.. near Clay, with fine view;
« . v food 8-room hmiM. in excellent condl-
tion, with modern plumbing.
*5.000^ — McAlllster-et. octtase ; 6 room*; sunny
e:d« of street: In flr.e shape.
1...7G0 — McAllister st.. near Golden Gate Park;
flr.e little 5-rocm cottate; rent $21.
LOTS
• \u25a0<[»* — One. of the choicest marine view lots
,, c jT ia the Presidio Helchts; 60x127:6.
\u2666 j.STO — Green, nenh line, near Devlsodero:
unobstructed marine view; lot S4:4x
103:6.
$3,123 — Locust St., near Jackson: cheapest lot
in that beautiful district; etreet work
done; marine view.
$>.6<X» — Fuitcn »t., near Lyon: 2S_LOO; fine lot
for Cats.
BOARDMAX BROS. - CO..
138 Montgomery st. .
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
I*5.&00^ — Third »t. bargain; 2 frontages; a big
:ur.-. e_a be made: r«nts for $1140 net
per annum; don't lose this opportunity.
124.000— Within 2 blocks of S. P. terminal and
Pacific Mat! docks; corner, with area of
near'-y 6000 square feet: magnificent site
for manufacturing, . warehouse or other
. « buFisees uses: a rood turn is surely
possible, for '.t is really cheap,
f 18.^.00 — Fifth «. corner, not far from Howard
•et.; old. imDrovenitnts; corners on Fifth
**- are !.<•._->! to get; there is a good.
Quick turn in this one.
•SS.OOO — Fine lares comer on Fifth St.; orer
\u0084 ..• 8000 sauare fe«t of rround; old tm-
; % provements say over $1200 a year; a
turn can be made.
* '\u25a0„\u25a0>:\u25a0 BOARDMAN BROS. A CXX,
188 Montgomery at.
BFDCIAL MANUFACTURING SITE.
SECOND ST.
tTT.&QQ — Close to railroads and Mall Dock; 68:8
• . xlCO; this is the cheapest p*ec* In t— e
vicinity; a rood speculation even If you
do not imerova It.
BOARDMAN BROS. A CO..
I£B Montgomery st.
KOOKSR _ LENT 14 POST BT.
f 30, 000 — Rents $6000 per annum; ever 60 feet
frontage; covered with tmpro— ements
consisting of & stores and 2 upper floors;
r* pairs paid by tenant; Inside of Hyda
and Ellis ets.
fr -" C 3f — Rent* over $4100 per annum ; 4-story
~f building consisting of store and basement
?and 3 upper floors; all 'rented to 2 ten-
)«nts. .
$3,c.9O — Rests $300 per annum; 3 houses of 4
rooms each; lot 24x76; near Bth and
Howard ste.
$9,5 CX) — Rents nearly $1000 per annnm; S
brand new flats, 6 rooms and bath each;
T-oncrete foundation; street bltumlnlzed;
lots 22x100; near McAllister and Baker
ets.
£5.50 X> — Rests $600 per annum; lot 25x50; on
. Harrison, near id: splendid Investment.
Estire block on water front; suitable for man-
ufacturlng sits.
t15.600 — Residence frosting Alts Plata; 14
rooms; sun all cay; hardwood floors;
very desirable; large lot.
$16.500 — 2 brand new flats, 8 and 9 rooms and
social hall; total rents $116; 26x187:6;
' • * first-class surroundings and. location;
very central; on California et., sot far
from Lsguna.
$£S, 000— Dowatow -n lr.oorr.*; rants 1370 per
. month; new buildings.
$4,000 — Lake st., bmlt Dtn aye.; cottage of 6
' 'rooms aad bath; lot 23x100; plenty of .
sun and light: coey and up to date.
$6,000 — Two flats, 4 and S rooms and bath;
rents $640 per annum; sunny side ot
Post et., near Webster.
$s.ooo— Rents nearly $600 per annum: 2 flats
and a rear house; tot 26x75; sear Bth
and Howard.
For different lists see other papers.
HOOKER — LENT, 14 Post st.
EOAG & LANEDALE.
108 Montgomery st.
TWO CHEAP LOTS.
On Ehrader st., near Rayes; COxllO; only
$5000; d?n't miss this chance.
* . MCALLISTER BT.
East of Gough; elze 27:6 to rear stre«t; rents
terminal: grand lot to Improve: only piece for
sale in this location; price $9760.
/ LEAVENWORTH-ST. CORNER.
v f?Hbest district; 85 teet frontage; 4 fine
' '} rents $170 per month; substantial ln-
reftiCent; price $25,000.
CLAY ST..
t IN PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Lot 50x127:8, with Improvements; lot worth
more than the money; the cheapest buy In the
city; price $5500.
TWO FLATS— INSTALLMENT PLAN.
$1000 cash, balance ea*y payments; Panhan-
dle District; 7 rooms ana bath each; rents
$C 2 50; price $7250; new and modern.
Three fine, modern fiats, paying $88 per
tnor.th; In Panhandle District; 80- foot lot; only
110,000. '
REDUCED— REDUCED.
Fins 80-foot lots on nortn side of Lake be-
tween 11th and 12th ayes, running back to
J.:-->ur.i_:s Lake Park, soon to be Improved by
the rlty; the cheapest lots for the money In the
market: price reduced to $1500 each.
HOAG _ LANSDALE,
108 Montgomery st.
8 W. CROZIER CO.. 230 Crocker Bldg.
*19 000 — Devlßadero-st. business property; lot
• C7:6x107:6: containing store and Cat
above, and two houses cf 8 rooms and
-. • bath each: rent $120; fine renting lo-
' callty.
$6.000 — 2 beautiful new fiats of 5 and 6 rooms
and porcelain baths on 16th st.. in the
5 •warm belt of the Mission; bright, sunny,
attractive; modern In every detail; fine
lot; have not been vacant tlnce built. 2
years ago.
te.6oo— Minna et.. backing up to Mission;
house of 7 rooms and bath; a valuable
o business holding with assured future.
jj 500 Half a block from Market and "th sts. ;
lot 27:6x75; 4 flats renting for $48; in
perfect condition; always rented.
jr,^»2O__6plendid business property, consisting
Jr ot hotel, lodging-house, stores and
"^ r etablee; lot 81x128:6. extending to
• rear street; present lease about to ex-
pire; rents can be increased to $450
c \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 per month: $27,000 mcrtgage can remain.
$3.t>o0 — Cash and assume mortgage of $3000;
business Eroperty en Folsom st., near
Pth; large lot, containing store, fiat and
etabje; pays about 10 per cent net on
equity.
J7OO0 — Broadway corner, near \ an Ness aye.;
2 flats and rear bouse; rents $65; large
lot. 29x137:6.
11.100 — Rents $402 per year; business prop-
erty, consisting of ftore, 2 Cats and rear
house: nr. Oth and Howard: 25x75; snap.
Be* different lirt in other papers.
8. W. CROZIER CO.. £30 Crocker Bldg.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Tier?* Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
,; c Property.
=
$40, COO —Front St.. n*ar Clay: , brick building
!t> the wholesale district; lease 4 years
at V.it low rent of $170 p»r month; lot
• 27:frlC0.
SI2.KW — Modern house, 10 rooms; Devisadero
St.. n»ar McAllister: good location for
a physician; cars at hand for every part
of Ose city.
$10,000— Invpstm*>nt payir.g C per cent net;
Bush st.. near Van Ness avc.; two
frontages.
$."o,ooo— SIZ. comer Larkin and Lombard stg.:
Sfi-vars; Er.iud view of city and bay.
$3.500— 1-'">ts on Webster Ft., near Green; 25
xlOC: very desirable: Fl!lmore-Bt. cars.
1 2 500 — U's.cn S line Grc-n St.. near ~ill-
morc-st. car; ca a. bark which sives a
vir— of the bay; choice neighborhood. ,
gy 000— Lot en S line Filbert ft.. W of I-ar-
khi: fine pfesr of Golden Gate: 00x137.
15,r<00 — Lets on N lin<» Hayes St., near Baker;
eho.'cp ntiffhbori.OGd; near the park: on.
cxr Unc; iT:€xlJr7:«. • °
HAWKS Sc SKKLTON,
:12.1 Monljjomery et.~
BARGAIN— Two fiat* on, P«>rry St., between 3d
_r.i 4tfc: always rrnieC. $43 per mo.; wtll
%^>». convenl^ni; haths. etc.; price $5200.
\u25a0sjfi-.n 244 ',» Perry Kt. '
tZZU'y—SZTW 5-room cottage; near H Et.. Sun-
set- best bargain In city; terms. Box 1279.
Call.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
NELSON, JOHNSON _ CO..
203 Montgomery et. Ovv. Mills Bldg.
FOLSOM* *N_AR 4TH.
$300 PER FOOT FOR THE GROUND.
$24,«X>— Buys SCxSO Itet; north side of street,
with a handsome, b:g, wc-11-bui't bulld-
\u25a0j, ing, isi perfect condition; stores and
ttais; allowing only $UOCO for the bulld-
iue. which would cot.t $20.0C0 to build,
you are paylru; only $300 per front toot
Cor she cround when adjoining lots are
veiling to sri-culatots at $400 per front
foot.
$05.000 — Ninth street's choicest corner, close to
Market; one of the lartrest corners on
the street: the enly niece left on this
' choice progressive street that can be
1 .-ill at the old prices; a ucsitlve ln-
\u25a0 lease ft— >ured and a* chance tor a quick
turn.
$32,000— 0r $100 per front foot for sth St.. a
few steps from Folsom. running back to
rear etreet: rood improvements: stores
and flats renting for nearly S2OO per
mouth; this is a bargain and a profit
-- can be made of several thousand dol-
lars ;irobably before you even get your
title searched.
$24,000 — itents 52U0 per month; handsome, new,
pressed brick building, facing on San
Francisco's most charmliic park In the
heart of the choicest part of Pacific
Heights; 7 elegant apartments; all rent-
ed; $lti.uOO mortgage can remain If de-
elred.
SSS.CI0 — Grand corner en Oth et. ; 4-story, new,
up-to-date building; store and lodging-
house; rented under secured lease; ten-
ant pays expenses.
$5. £60 — Choice southeast corner in the Rich-
mond District, one block from the Park;
2S feet frontage; 2 beautiful, new. up-
to-date bay - window fiats renting for
$52 60 per month; $500 cash will buy
this, balance on time.
$6,000 — Rents $stt per month; 8 bay-window
flats ot 5, 5 and 6 rooms and bath; per-
fect condition; Eighteenth et.: choicest
block; $2800 bank mortgage.
$11,500— Rents $110; Folsom st.. In the Mis-
sion; 48 feet frontage, with 6 swell, new,
up-to-date flats; highest rent in the
building only $22 60; gas and electricity,
Bacchus log grates, etc.
$23.000— 0r only $300 per front foot for Fol-
\u25a0om et., en the north side, close to Sec-
end; surrounded by substantial im-
provements; this is a snap and a quick
turn is assured.
$26.000— F0r a few days only: $13,000 bank
mortgage can remain; 50xS0. with large
thre«-«tory building containing 3 stores
and 5 flats; rents $170 per month; here's
a speculator's snap that will resell -for
$5000 profit before you get the deed; de-
ducting the value of th» Improvements
you are only cay ing $300 per foot;
everything telling on Folsom »t. at $400
and over.
$8.7&> — Bryant st., near Third. running
through to Welsh at.; 4 flats on one
street and five on the- other; ground a
snap at the money; rents $77 per month.
$7.000 — Rents $75 per month: back against
Sixth st. property: lot 60x80; 8 flats in
perfect condition; never idle; choice in-
come with unparalleled futures; ground
alone worth price asked. ,
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
208 Montgomery st.. opp. Mills Bldg.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY,
410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
KOHL BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
BT THOROUGH SYSTEM AND ORGANI-
ZATION the C/__ TITLE INSURANCE AND
TRUST COMPANY has as many advantages
over the old-fashioned title examiners — each
working alone and without co-operation — as
the great shoe factory at Lynn have over the
cobbler of the olden time.
THE CAL. TITLE INSURANCE AND
TRUST COMPANY UNDER ITS CHARTER
and deposit of $100,000 as a trust company
with the State Treasurer is authorized by law
to act In any trust capacity.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE INt
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for insuring real estate
titles like modern plants of New York, Boston,
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates;
regular trust company business transacted un-
der State charter: all matters controlled and
mangaed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM BABCOCK
President Parrott _ Co.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vice Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE,
Of Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co.
P. N. ULIENTHAL,
Manager Anglo-Callfomlan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney & Olney, Attys. and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE
Page, McCutehen & Knight, Attys.
A. T. 6POTSS,
Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
Capitalist. 630 California st.
F. B. SURRHYNE.
REAL ESTATE AGENT,
114 SUUTER ST.
$5,000 — Actual sacrifice; Howard st.. nr. 14th;
3-story residence. 9 rooms and bath; can
be easily converted into 3 fiats; desirable
else lot, 27x80 feet; mortgage of $3500
can remain if desired; pick this up at
once.
$8,760 — Fillmore st.. nr. Page; fine residence
of 11 rooms and bath; extra large lot,
87:6x110 ft.; plenty of light and sun-
shine; mortgage of $5000 can be had If
desired.
$18.600 — East st.. nr. Howard; very desirable
holding; rental extremely low at $100
jer mo.; this is one of the best districts
in which to buy to-day for a big ad-
vance.
$8,500 — Sacramento St.; 4 fiats of 4 rooms and
bath each; rent $70 per mo.; lot 2Sx
137:6 ft.
$6,600 — Jackson st., nr. Taylor; 2 flats of 6-7
rooms and baths each; lot 25x137:6 ft.
$3,6oo— Clara et. ; 6 email tenements; rents
$45 per mo.; a bargain.
$850— A snap; 30th aye., nr. M St.; lot IOOx
120 ft.; easy terms.
$100 — Bargain; 41 Et aye., nr. S st; lot 60x
120 ft.
$I,loo— 21st aye., close to Fulton st.; lot 60x
120 ft.
$I.2oo— Fair Oaks st.. nr. 25th; lot 25x126 ft.
$600— 26 th St.. nr. Dolores; lot 25x125 ft.
Get my catalogue for bargains.
F. B. EURRYHNE. 114 BUTTER BT.
PICK OF THE
HALFMOON BAT
PROPERTIES.
EKAL COVE.
TREES— SHELTERED— GRASSY BANKS TO
WATER'S EDGE— SEALS SPORT IN BASIN.
For year's outing point Halfmoon Bay resi-
dents.
Limited number lots at the Cove.
Tract opened for eale next week.
Reservations made without deposit till then.
ATLAS LAND AND CONSTRUCTION CO..
635 Croseley bulldinc, S. F. \u25a0•"-.-
JOHN SAVAGE.
Our agent, drugstore. Halfmoon Bay.
________
TO BEAT THE BAND.
ONLY SI 25 A WEEK.
1275 — Elegant level building lots, close to
echool; fine car service on Mission St.; cream of
the Excelrtor Homestead; stop paying rent and
raise the baby where the ozone is not polluted
with smoke and durt, to say nothing of the
deadly microbe; do interest and no taxes.
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS.
ONLY $10 A MONTH.
$400 — For finely located lots 3 blocks south
of the park; electric car service unexcelled;
enhancing in value with every stroke of the
clock; buy now; next week may be too late;
"Nat Goodwin" is not the only man that ap-
preciates this beautiful section: no taxes. -
W. .T. WHITE COMPANY.
26 Montgomery st., room 8.
MARINE VIEW— PAKK LOTS.
$300.
$50 DOWN— SIO MONTHLY.
NO INTEREST— NO TAXES.
Adjacent to improvements costing millions.
Two electric roads will be running withls
one year.
Absolutely cheapest lets" In Golden Gate Park
District.
Lots will double In value in few months.
E. J. HOOPER. 2tf MONTGOMERY ST.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes. 713 Jas. Flood building.
We build on your Drooerty or buy you a
lot: you make a small cosh payment, then
$8 per month pay* principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due, maklns your
• monthly Installments lets. than rent;- call or
rend for circular.
A SMALL deposit, balance by Installments,
will buy an almost new modern 7-room house,
fronting Goldpn Gate Park. Owner. bo»
1033. Call' office. .
FOR eale — Market-st.' Income property: a lot
on ICth *t.. in Msrket-st. block; 50x125; rent
$125 per month. Owner. 2551 Market st. -
COTTAGES. 4 and 5 rooms: terms same" at
rent. Apply owner, lumber yard, cornei
Army and Cordon sts.
FOR sale— A beautiful house of 6 rooms and
bath with all modern Improvements: lot 23x
120. * 1218 Eleventh aye.. near Hst : .
$6000 BARGAIN: residence, 9 handsome rms.,
bath: solidly built; sun every room; nr. Pan-
handle: $2500 cash needed. P. O. box 2296.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; OCTOBER 29,: 1905: *
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale.
OLD ESTABLISHED. ALWAYS RELIABLE.'
W. J. WHITE ; COMPANY.
LOANS. . INSURANCE.
TITLES GUARANTEED.
i INVESTMENT BONDED SECURITIES.
We oiler for a limited time only j for cash
Inveotors living out of the city and not con-
tent with the 3 per cent offered by local sav-
ings banks, first mortgage . gold bonds of the
denomination, of >IUOU each, bearing Interest
ai 5 per cent per annum, free of taxes, hav-
ing lv years tv run. Interest payable seml-
annually by the California lMtle Insurance
and Trust Company, the trustees. Reference,
me leaanig OatiKsng- Institutions of the coast.
Merchants, lnrmers, miners or woiklngmen
can . forward lo per cent of purchase \u25a0 money
pending invest igatlon o£ securities. Owing to
licmanu those Bending deposits will be accom-
r.iodatc-d in rotation.
If you have giit-edged clly or country prop-
erty you can exchange it tor good securities.
$270, uuu — Finest E tock rang« on the \V est-
*ni continent, au empire in itself, comprising
W.OCO acres of valley and hill land In Shasta
and Tehama counties, about » miles from
Southern Pacific K. It. and town; fina sum-
mer and winter ranj;e. iertlle valleys for crops
of hay and grain; traversed Ly living streams,
supplying abundant water, besides innumer-
able lar&e springs all over tract; controls al-
most as much uzuiu iree laxitje; bank fore-
closure and on easy 1 terms; inpldly enhancing
in value and containing Immense deposits of
gold and topper worth many times the _ price
aeked.
$,15,000— Best equipped dairy in all Oregon,
close to city o* i'endltton; 1000 acres, finest
of soil; 100 acres in heavy stand o" alfalfa; all
under cultivation and produces heavy crops;
family orchard of 2 acres; 2 well-built, hard
finished dwellings; large barn for horses and
one for cattle, with feeding sheds; bunkhouse;
poultry houses;' several huudred tons jof bay;
US graded cews. milking at present; 35 heif-
ers; 17 heifer calves; 14 head No. 1 bors«s and
harness; 1' elegant milk wagons, cost $225
each, £la&s sides; 4 heavy wagons; buggy:
bottom and sulky plows; drills; blacksmith
shop and tools; 25 hives -of bees; annual in-
come $14,000 per year; a third cash only.
$32,000—610 acres, 1 mli< from town; 60
miles city; creek through place covers it with
sediment annually and unsurpassed for corn,
potatoes, onions, etc.; all bottom land; well
tenced and cross-fenced into. 10 fields; water
near surface; water piped to buildings and
yards; windmill and 10.000-gallon tank; rail-
road passes throush place; suitable alfalfa; 3
wells and large reservoir; barn 58x100; barn
SSxttO; barn 24x30; large wagon and toolhousa;
granary; cement cellar; modern 7-room dwell-
ing; fine Income.
$25,000 worth of country property, well lo-
cated, wanted in trade for a beautiful resi-
dence, modern In every detail, surrounded by
lawns and statuary, on the Heights, in swell-
est residence section of Oakland, overlooking
Lake Merrltt; block 300x800; natural ston«
coping; stables; living-room 30 feet long: hard-
wood finish; subdivide and cell quickly; in-
vestigate this through the leading banks of
Oakland and we will talk business.
Offer wanted — Famous Orange Colony tract,
1 mile of Orland; level as a billiard table; on
main irrigation ditch; produces five crops of
alfalfa a season; adapted to oranges, lemons,
almonds, figs and grapes; surrounded by beau-
tiful homes; level roads; all surveyed in 10-.
acre lots, facing the main county road; 270
acres in all; no offer refused.
$16.600— General farm and dairy, compris-
ing 320 acres of rich soil, on* mile of station
and creamery. Marin County; good 2-story resi-
dence. 8 rooms and bath; adjoining 3-room
house for employes; 2 large barns; mllkhouse;
a large* springs; water piped to house and
grounds; family orchard; shade trees; large
crops hay, grain and potatoes; average rental
past 5 years, $750.
$25 per acre — 4US acres hill land, 8 miles
either Mayfl«ld or Mountain View; highest
part natural lake, fed by springs on place,
sutflclent to supply neighboring towns and ir-
rigate a large body of alfalfa; fine' place for
resort, boating etc.; small house, and
restaurant, stables, etc.
$16,000 — Only 1 mile from Sebastopol, at
electric station; 101 acres fine sandy loam; 2
bearing orchards; one 2V4 acres prunes,
peaches and cherries; another 17 acres full
bearing best varieties of apples; 17 acres fine
corn; 7 acres Burbank potatoes; balance in
crops; fine hop land; residence 10 rooms; large
barns; 10 poultry houses and wire netting
yards; brooder-houee, granary, storehouse,
wagon shed; also good 4-room cottage; fine
tract for subdivision.
$575O — 100 acres island land, 6 miles from
Stockton, on Santa Fe.H, R. ; an irrigation
ditch flows through place; water free; all
rented for $11 per acre and In potatoes, beans,
onions and rye grass; small house, barn and
usual outbuildings. Where can you get a bet-
ter lnoomo on Investment?
$3400 — 10 acres best island land, subject to
Irrigation; water free; 30 acres in asparagus;
rents $10 per acre; small house, barn and out-
buildings.
$6250 — Make your own terms; 40 acres in the
famous Lodl fruit belt; 30 acres full bearing
i orchard, half peaches, balance apricots and
prunes;' modern 6-room cottage, largt well-
built baro-.'frulthouse; windmill and tank; all
necessary outb Hidings; farming Implements; 3
horses, cow, buggy, wagon, etc: 3 miles of
town; 1 mile of school; can borrow two-thirds
price easy.
$12.000 — 30 acres, 2\i miles from Haywards
and close to the new boulevard and Western
Pacific station; about 20 acres full bearing
fruit; large modern 8-room residence; pantries;
porcelain bath; marble basins; large windmill
and tank; fine grounds, ornamental trees; ma-
cadamized drive; -,large stables, hold 40 tons
hay; 6 stalls, all cemented; carriage-house;
swell income home; part cash; might trade In-
come property.
$SooO— Finest corner in Santa Clara County,
Alum Rock aye., 3 miles San Jose; Large sa-
loon, 6-room cottage; stone walks and
grounds; 16V4 acres fine soil in full bearing;
apricots, peaches, prunes and walnuts; wind-
mill and tank; Stables; water piped to build-
ings and grounds; buildings leased $30 per
month; orchard brings In about $1200 . per
year; might exchange.
SSOO0 — 93 acres dark alluvial rolling land,
between Napa and Sonoma City; small family
orchard; new hard finished cottage of ,4 rooms;
also ceiled cottage, 4 rooms: used for hired
help or summer boarders; raises fine crops of
hay and grain; unsurpassed for fruit and
vines; large barn; windmill and tank; poultry
houses and yards; good winery; 5 horses, cow,
wagons and farming tools; bank mortgage
$3000; trade equity bay cities property.
ALFALFA LANDS.
$30 per acre, only half cash; on main Stan-
islaus Irrigation ditch, 3 miles of Rlpon, near
creamery, where milk Is shipped to city dally;
70 miles San Francisco; le*el sandy loam, all
ready to run laterals; close to church and
schools: tracts 20 acres up.
$75 per acre, subdivisions of 10 acres up, 2^
miles cf Lodl; famous melon and tokay section;
alfalfa of the best; school on tract; fine homes
on all sides.
$25 per acre, under Irrigation; In popular
alfalfa and dairy section known as Manteceta
district; sandy soil; good roads; close to
school. • \u25a0 . .
FRUIT AND POULTRY RANCHES.
$5500 — 18 acres fine black loam at Mountain
View 89 miles city: level sprinkled road;
rural delivery; adjoining residences of well-
known millionaires; 8 acres Blenheim apricots;
5 acres hay; 2 cottages, 3 rooms each; 6000-
gallon tank; incubator and brooder houses; 12
poultry houses; wire-netting yards; stable, cor-
rals etc.; running stream, dam erected creates
artificial lake for boating; massive oaks adorn
property. \u25a0
$U5O0 — 30 acres black loam at beautiful
Edenvale, 6 miles city of. San Jose; 5 acres
prunes; 5 acres almonds; 5 acres apricots; 10
acres great stand alfalfa; finest pumping plant
Santa Clara County, capacity 800 gallons a
minute; close to school; small house, \u25a0- barn,
outbuildings.
52500— 104 acres rolling land, south of San
Jose; soil products heavy crops hay and grain;
family orchard; 6 acres fine vineyard; all In
bearing; balance hay and pasture; good dwell-
ing of 6 rooms; barn and outbuildings; plenty
water; 9 head of cattle; farming implements;
good income.
$15,000 — 40 acres river bottom land, 2 miles
Yountville; tiled and cross-tiled; some prunes
and large family orchard; pretty summer re-
sort- station close; residence 12 large > rooms,
baths, hot and cold water; cement cellar; new-
ly furnished; refrigerators; French range;
stable 60x90, full hay; carriage-house; wind-
mill tower; 3 soda springs; swimming tanks;
6 new cottages; trade Income property and pay
cash difference. ... . »
$10,000—26 acres black sandy loam in Irri-'
gation district; 12 minutes* walk bank corners
Oakdale: all in full bearing apricots, peaches
and cherries, some oranges, olives and
almonds; new, modern 0-room residence, por-
celain bath, clothes and china closets; natural
wood finish; windmill and tank; new pumping
plant; farming implements; spring wagon,
horse, 2 cows; fine income; trade city or across
the bay and assume. \u25a0'-•'• '"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
$16 000— Modern 2-story brick » building and
basement, adjoining bank corner; best retail
location in hustling mining town of Northern
California: building 40x120 on large lot; com-
bination gas and electrical fixtures; present
rental $210 per month, but stand , raise soon,
as leases expire; trade Income or: residence
property around bay. -
$18 000—100 acres alluvial loam on the , Big
Ranch road. 2 miles of Napa City; elegant
modern residence; baths; clothes and \ china
closets; 9 I* l "* 6 rooms, hand-decorated; hard-
wood floors; Urge Krounds; stables, , carriage-
house; grounds: outbuildings; 3 acres: choice
trult- sell 25 acres, with Improvements, for
$8000- might trade good bay property. ..
$8000— *20 acres. 2 miles postoflice, .. Napa
County: HO acres rich valley land; raises fine
corn and grain; fenced /into 0 fields; 2500 cords
standing timber; 3 large springs; old house. 4
rooms ; large barn ; 5 young horses ; * \u0084 buggy
home; farm wagon; mowing machine; tools;
lurnlture; poultry; part cash; might trade.*
$200 down, as evidence of good faith only;
balance many years at 5 per cent: 114 acres
rolling rich land. - near San Jose; . fine crops;
good dwelling, barn, outbuildings; water piped
to buildings; owner will advance money for
seed or improvements: $4000. - ;
S7CO down, balance 14 years, i monthly t pay-
ments: 58 acres. 3 miles Capltola;: 20 -acres
high state cultivation; 4 acres full bearing ap-
ples, pears, grapes : •IB , acres \u25a0.- corn." potatoes,
string beans; .8 acres hay land, balance * tim-
bered pasture: 8-room hard-finished house; hot'
and cold water; 6 poultry houses; 6 outhouses-
clear $1600 year easy; $3200. .
Send stamp for, the largest printed list pub-
lished on the coast Property handled at bed-"
rock price? and on! exclusive contracts only. • \u25a0 i
W. J. WHITE COMPANY/ -,. v f v
26. Montgomery st.,' room S. Phone Main 670*."
REAL ESTATE^^OIJiyTRY~Foir^jBIe.
C. M.' WOOSTER COMPANY'S ATTRACTIVE
BARGAINS IN COUNTRY LANDS, y -
\u25a0"- GOOD LAND.-' LOW PRICES. . '
Alfalfa, Fruit, Vines, Vegetables and Poultry.
Sacramento Vallsy irrigated garden. 'soil; ' s3o
to $85 per acre; alfalfa, corn,* cattle and
: hogs; catalogue.
Early orange land at EL Mlrador Heights.
Lindsay, where orange groves pay $400
an acre; $7 monthly will buy: 10 acres;
price $50 to $100 an acre; catalogue.
Santa Clara Valley fruit, * vine and poultry
land ; only $100 an acre ; $14 14 'monthly
• will purchase ,10 acres; : some splendid
bargains in young vineyards, -on very
easy terms; buy good land at first price;
catalogue.
$1,000—5 acres first-class land in Santa Clara
. ;.v County; 5-room house, barn, etc; 2
acres bearing orchard. " . \
$4,600— 46 acres in Napa County; 15 acres
fruit; good improvements. :\u25a0
$6,500—30 acres choice land ln\ Santa Clara
County; 15 acres bearing fruit; 10 acres
alfalfa; 5 acres vegetable land; water
plant 1000 gallons per minute.
$20 an acre — 1312 acres, near R. R. depot, in
Merced County;' can all be Irrigated;
first-class for subdivisions. ;
$25 an acre— l92o acres, n<ar Grldley; can be
Irrigated. : - . • -
$6 per acre— l4.ooo acres; big stock and grain
ranch; 4600 acres choice grain .land;
railroad and- water transportation; big
bargain; will sell whole or part; easy
terms. ' . " \u25a0 '_\u25a0 . m .
$35 per acre— 2ooo acres, near Tulare; flrst-
clase alfalfa and fruit land; can 'all be
irrigated by means of pumping j plant;
splendid site for colony.
$62 60 per acre — 660 acres reclaimed peat land.
* near Stockton; under high state of cul-
tivation; now rented for $10 and $12 per
acre; irrigation free.
$23 an acre— B7s acreß, near Marysvllle: . no
waste land: good improvements; can all
' be Irrigated by means of pumping plant.
$60.000— Magnificent orchard of 200 acres on
Feather River; 160 acres alfalfa and
vegetables; $30,000 to $35,000 annual In-
come; cheap irrigation; easy terms.
$31,000—263 aores first-class land in Marin
County; fine Improvements; 88 cows; 8
horses: 6000 chickens; all farming im-
plements go with the place; Income from
eggs alone $40 per day.
$10,600—164 acres rich land'on the Sacramento
River; 8 acres orchard ; fine assortment
of fruit: residence coat $6000; electrlo
road to run within 100 yards of this
ranch; river sediment soil; an ideal
. home; worth $14,000.
PALO ALTO.
Magnificent lots, 60x150 feet; adjoining
Stanford University; beautiful live oaks; street
work and oement sidewalks Included; best In-
vestment now on / the market; only $10 per
month; catalogue.
REDWOOD CITY.
Last chance to buy an acre at the price of a
town lot; choice residence location: beautiful
oak trees; choice acre lots $450: Inside city
limits; 5-acre lots $200 to $450 per acre; cata-
losrue.
We have a large list of properties, large
and small, throughout California. Catalogue
sent free. . \u25a0 :
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market st.
LAKE COUNTY PROPERTIES.
160 acres near Lower Lake; 40 acres level
sediment land; 26 acres rolling, tillable land,
balance pasture land; house of 6 rooms, barn,
chicken-houses, etc. ; 2 horses, 2 cows, chickens
and farming tools, wagons, etc., go with the
property; price $2900.
160 acres in High Valley, 100 aores of which
is good valley land; rented at $125 per year,
and assessed at $1250; house, barn, etc.; price
$1500.
800 acres, 400 of which is good level farming
land, balance good pasture; house, barn, etc.;
fenced and cross-fenced; several good springs
of water; price $8000 if sold within 80 days,
or will trade for San Francisco property of the
valus of $10,000.
SONOMA County; a snap; 10 acres fine creek
bottom land; 8 acres in strawberries; 2 acres
resistant, vines, young family orchard; abun-
dance of water; new modern 6-room house,
barns, etc.; only 2 miles from Santa Rosa;
price $3200.
BOARDMAN BROS. & CO.,
138 Montgomery st.
WIDOWED OWNER MUST SELL.
$12.000 — 263 acres richest valley land In the
fertile Lompoc Valley, Santa Barbara County;
large river running through the place; extra
deep rich loam soil; assessed $8100; mortgaged
$6S0O: a genuine bargain: would trade.
HALF PRICE FOR QUICK SALE.
$16.800 — 400 acres' west •\u25a0' of Sacramento; 75
acres full bearing vineyard: 50 acres full bear-
Ing orchard; good 10- room modern house, stone
foundation; this place is easily worth $35,000.
$1000— 10-acre poultry ranch at Llvermore;
all level; cheapest buy In California; easy
terms. ..>',;\u25a0>
$3400— 1H miles nor^h^of Haywards. oae-
thlrd of electric road; Io % acres richest dark
loam soil. 5 acres assorted orchard; No. 1
hard-finished 5-room cottage, closets, bath,
sink,- water piped, front and rear porch,, brick
foundation, rustic barn. well. - windmill, larg«
tank r school one mile; the land alone Is as-
sessed at $3000; this is a snap that Is feldom
offered; terms If- desired.
BURR-PADDON COMPANY. B
40 Montgomery st.. San Francisco, Cal.
,' \u25a0 / Phone John 1836.
AN EXTRA
SPECIAL
BARGAIN.
$7500—60 acres richest level land, adjoining
Llvermore. Alameda County ; 33 acres full-,
bearing vines, best varlties, in Al condition;
good 6-room, hard-finished, plastered house,
painted and. In good condition; many orna-
mental trees, 60x64 barn, 20-horse stable, gran-
ary, several chicken-houses, 3 good horses, 3
cows, 1 surrey, 2 wagons, buggy, mower, cul-
tivator and numerous other Implements; the
Income from the vineyard alone la $3000; own-
ers are very old and want to retire; more land
adjoining, If desired, $100 an acre; this Is the
biggest snap we have ever offered; don't miss
It. BURR-PADDON CO., 40 Montgomery St.,
San Francisco, Cal. ' •\u25a0 \u25a0
D. W. CARMICHAEL CO..
232 Montgomery ot.
Mission Branch, 2543 Mission st.
$11,000—48 acres, 8% miles west of Napa; 40
acres full bearing prune, pear, peach
and apple orchard; fine Improvements.
I —172
$1,600— Glenn County: 120 acres, near Elk
Creek, school, church and store, 1 mile;
80 acres farm land. IS acres garden land,
fenced; no Improvements; a bargain.
—161
$31,680—2540 acres, Merced County, all fenced
and cross-fenced; good farm buildings;
railroad and canal through, land; 900
acres oan be Irrigated; cattle and stock
on ranch can be bought separately. — 146
$60 per acre; Stanislaus County; improved
and unimproved lands in Turlock and
Modesto Irrigation district for aalo.
— 14S-168
$6 per acre— Sonoma County; 640 acres;
near Glen Ellen. — 170
$350 each, for two well located lots In block
6. Point Richmond; .these are bargains.
ARE YOU LOOKING
FOR AN IDEAL RURAL HOME 7
If so. do not fail to consider the following,
and ' see or wrlta me. It will not remain un-
sold long.
, FOR SALE.
A model home of ten acres, highly Improved
and set to the choicest fruits and berries, orna-
mental and shads trees i a first-class steam
pumping plant on. the place; the very best of
water, also susceptible of ditch irrigation; only
a few hundred yards, from a new interurban
car line, and less than three miles from beau-
tiful San Jose, . in the world famous Santa
Clara Valley; society the best; almost frostless
and view royal;- plain view; of San Francisco
Bay and Lick Observatory; will produce an
average income of 8 per cent' on $10,000; for
good business reasons. lt is offered for $7500 on
reasonable terms ' if sold ;\u25a0 soon. \u25a0DO NOT
OVERLOOK THIS.
THOMAS GILBERT. BROKER,
ROOM 1004 UNION SAVINGS BANK BLDG.,
OAKLAND. CALIFORNIA.
LEVEL land n«ar Gllroy, In the famous Santa
Clara Valley; abundance of water close to
the surface, and no hills to climb. ' \u25a0\u25a0
A snap — $1000 cash; 28 acres of level land,
1% miles from Gllroy; rich black soil; pump-
ing plant across the road; price In all $2500;
land adjoining sells for $150 per acre.
$125 per acre; ;; 10 \u25a0 and 20 acre • tracts; 8
miles from Gllroy:' flowing wells on this
tract at \u25a0 100 feet; this is a chance • to get a
little home, where you can have berries and
alfalfa ! with . your own water; terms, one-
third cash. , ; '"•:'-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0" •- \u25a0
' $3500 — Ten acres full bearing apples at
Chlttenden. Santa Cru* County: soil on this
tract is forty feet deep,' and this Is • a bar-
SOUTH SANTA CLARA LAND CO.. Gllroy.
• • " GOVERNMENT LAND. . '
• Eight hundred million acres open \u25a0to settle-
ment; Johnson's i Illustrated , guide to the Gov-
ernment lands of the United States tells where
it is,, what It Is and how to get it; no book
like It ever published; a mine of golden Inform.'
ation : that every - homeseeker should . own; , de-
scribes the -free land by, counties; covers every
teature; homesteads, tlmoer,'- mineral; Govern-
ment ; Irrigation projects; Illustrated from pho-
tographs; all land laws fully explained; $1 post-
paid; write ' for prospectus. WM. ; H. JOHN-
SON. Publisher, Springfield, Mo. . -:
BRICK hotel of 25 rooms; unfurnished: lo-
cated in enterprising Point Richmond: a fine
chance for an ; experienced , hotel-keeper; can
be leased or. purchased. -*
\u25a0;- ."•\u25a0 V W. N. \ RUSSELL, v ; ' :
. 301 California \ st..- San Francisco. . Cal:
DO you want - to -rent a dairy ' ranch, . only ;60
\u25a0 ': miles from -- San ; Francisco, . where ; the \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 grass
grows the year -round ;;\u25a0 lots of water; > good
buildings; 2* milk trains dally." A.^ E.. BIG-
;GER & CO..' 738 Mission; hrs. Bto 1O. V 1 to 2..
FOR sale— One | site 2400 1 square ": meters, situ-
ated In Chihuahua." Mexico; near depot of the
~Blerra ,'Madre,':J Pacific* and '"Kansas' City,
-Mexico and Orlente Railway. *\u0084 Address F." H.
TR^Call. office. ;san: Jose. CaJ. -....\u25a0
REAL :'. _STATE~COUy~TIY--For : Sale.
f -.;_ SUNNY SAN MATEO. -
.' Lots sewered, watered; 10 minutes from elec-
tric cars;adjoin new public school; no lot less
| thsin DO feet frontage by 160 feet deep.
' In buying In San Mateo ! you get the benefit
of a thriving business \u25a0 town, not a barren
hillside. with nothing but promises advanced.'
, Terms one-fifth cash, balance at $10 a
month. •
With these easy terms every one can lay
away a tidy sum; buy now and get the ad-
vantages of the new cut off now nearlng com-
pletion.
Our office Is at San Mateo. Seoond are., near
* the depot.
BALDWIN _ HOWELL. F. S. GRUMIION.
25 Post at. . Ban Mateo.'
INVESTMENT extraordinary; hotel and
grounds and valuable Main st. frontage in
rapidly growing town situated on rail and
water;. the town has assured manufacturing
Industries, which, when running to full ca-
pacity, will make the greatest Industrial cen-
{ ter within 40 miles of* San Francisco; the
Main st. frontage of this property, If Im-
proved with stores and vaudeville playhouse,
could be leased to pay 25 per cent on the
money Invested; and the hotel building and
grounds, fronting on the rear street, if con-
ducted with billiard and poolrooms and bar,
could be made to pay 40 per cent on the
actual Invested capital; the frontage on Main
St.. 200 feet, would bring 520,000 if sold for
the asking price of adjoining frontage; non-
resident owners say sell the property for
$12,500. For further particulars.
COOKE REALTY CO.,
- A - 632 Market st.
A BARGAIN In farm property; 240 acres near
Willows, Glen County, fenced and cross-
fenced, . corrals, garden, windmill, good house
6 rooms, barns, storehouse, etc. ; family or-
chard, containing almond, olive, mulberry,
walnut, pear, plum, apricot, prune and fig
trees; price $8400. Call or write
COOKE REALTY CO.. 632 Market at.
R. S. BROWNE & CO.,
Next to Mills Bldg.. 226 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY DEPARTMENT.
(See Other Papers for Entirely Different Lists).
?35.000— 8260 acres, grazing and farming land;
plenty of water; small house.
RIVER BOTTOM LAND.
$55 per acre; 820 acres, Sargent Tract: now
rented for $8 per acre per annum; will
. shortly be worth twice the money.
$2,00©— 20 acres alfalfa; fine stand, under
ditch with abundance of water; near
good town. .
$2,600 — 10 acres and fine improvements; bay
county; near good city; good buildings;
chickens, horse and wagon; cows, farm
Implements, etc.; bargain.
ON THE PENINSULA.
$3,750—18 acres; close to etatlon; all in best
of fruit; dally trip to San Francisco can
be made: •
We have a large list of places of every char-
soter. Come In and look them over. '
JAY T. NASH,
Manager Country Department.
MENDOCINO COUNTY. NEAR UKIAH.
40 acres of land; 6 acres \u25a0 cleared, balance
wood; house, etable: $900.
40 acres; 30 acres under cultivation; corn,
grain- 1 acre In fruit; 'good 6-room house,
barn, cellar, 8 chicken houses; tools, wagon
and horse; 11000; terms.
46 acres; 30 cultivated; 2 acres bearing grape
vines; tome fruit, a few acres of river-bottom
land; comfortable house, barn; $1600.
55 acres; 25 -acres In grain; 3 acres In corn;
1 acre in vines; fruit trees, potatoes, etc.; 2
houses. 2 barns, stables, etc ; wagons, all
farming tools, horses, cows, hogs, chickens,
blacksmith shop; $3500. -*•
Napa Valley farm of 80 acres; 60 acres In
grain, corn and good bearing grape vines,
fruit trees; good house, barn, etc.; all farming
tools, wagons, horses, cows, chickens; terms.
251 acres;. 50 acres cleared which will raise
good corn, alfalfa and vines; balance good
range pasture land and Umber: $2000; terms.
JOSEPH STRAUB, 630 Market St.. S. F.
CHICKEN, berry, vineyard, orchard lands, im-
proved and unimproved ; 10 acres, $1500; 5
acres, $800; 15 acres, $1600;" 20 acres, $2000:
' couple hundred down; balance "longiiime; 5
p«r cent; these are not' only chicken ranches,-
but berry and orchard besides; the neigh-
bors gave me their land to -sell as well as
my own, thereby keeping It out of agents'
hands who ' wiir; make you pay a big com-
mission, '.'and as you might be my . next-door
neighbor *I will tell you the truth about the
places; bo buy direct of the owners;. no adobe,'
all snndy loam, rural delivery, home of the
hen; en electric railroad, between Petaluma
and Sebastopol; come any time, get off at
Uessel Station; Investigate; easy terms, long
time. CHARLES GLOECKNER. Sebastopol
postof flee. Sonoma County, Cal.
AAA— "OUR PRICES" on ranches are lower
- than anywhere- else because we \u25a0do not add
huge commissions on to the owner's price;
we only handle places we "know" to be good:
we "never" misrepresent a place; see us and
save 20 per cent: Santa Cruz County land a
specialty. BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Mont.
- gomery st.. San Francisco, Cal.
$2300— RANCH; 160 acres, 30 acres farming
land, orchards, vineyard, hay, etc. ; 60 acres
fine pasture; 70 acres timber; fine water on
place, numerous \u25a0. springs, and also nice creek
'through the ranch; to be sold In order to go
East ; a bargain. Address . lock box 23,
Healdsburg. Cal.
ALFALFA Irrigated lands. $23 per acre; $1
down, $1 month; no Interest; -'call '-or write
.for pamphlets, INDEX LAND AND BOND
CO., 907 Kohl bid., cor. Cal. and Monty sts.
FOR the best list of country property, farms,
fruit and poultry ranches, stock ranches
alfalfa and timber lands send or call for
catalogue. ROTHERMEL - CO.. 507 CaL gt.
FOR sale — 440 acres, 2% miles from Monticel-
lo Napa County; half good farming land;
other half pasture; good house and barn.
Address J. R. CLARK. Montlcello. Cal.
AT Ocean View — Large corner lot. 60x126; a
big bargain. . - - .
QEO. W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
600 ACRES choice fruit or vineyard land, suit-
able for ' subdividing; Sacramento County.
Box 126, Gait. ' .\u25a0\u25a0 -
A MONTHLY catalogue country land bargains
sent free.' C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market.
Poultry ranches. Write to J. W. Horn Co.. Pet-
aluma. for free copy of Sonoma Co. bargain*.
HAYWARD REAL ESTATE.
—HAYWARD—
RAM AGE & BTANTON.
New subdivision ; lots \u25a0of 5 acres each; some
more and some less; ' $300 down; balance,
monthly payments or to suit purchaser; no
' Interest, no taxes. . •,
$460— 8 : acre s; good soil; unimproved..
$1,760— 10 Vi acres choice ' land; \u25a0 unimproved;
• good location. ' ' ".'\u25a0'\u25a0 - \u25a0 ' •
$2,200 — 6 -acres; part vineyard; fine crops of
- peas; : good ~ improvements; half mile
'-\u25a0from 'car llne.-^ , ' » ' .: .
$3,600— 5 ; acres; -splendid piece "to subdivide
i into lots; -in boulevard ; about 100 pear
trees; 10 minutes', walk . from postof flee.
$5,500 — B*4 acres; one ; acre young, orchard;
\u25a0 first-class- lmprt>vements; modern house
of 8 rooms, bath, eto. ; stable, chicken
' house' and yards; -household furniture,
farming Implements, 60 chickens, -horse,
- .2 cows, surrey, wagon, harness go with
\u25a0'. place; this offer for a short time only;
• a fine ? bargain. \u25a0
$6,000 — 10-acre poultry 'and .fruit ranch; well
' v ' . improved; good 7-room house; barn and
outbuildings; a fine little home end In-
come place; good location. ;
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE. . '^
$10 000 — 74 H> acres fine land ; 52 acres splen-
- did- orchard. - comprising -17 acres al-
monds, -35 acres* silver prunes, 1 \t, acres
walnuts and 'cherries; also 3 acres wood
and 19% acres hay and grain land;
average , yearly Income $1000; good . lo-
cation; only 3 miles from ; Hayward:
this Is undoubtedly a big- bargain; will
exchange for. Oakland or San Francisco
-property.-' . • ' ' . ' *""'
<30 000— 750-acre dairy, stock and fruit ranch ;
160 acres . now in cultivation ; balance
' rood pasture, with many fine oak trees;
25 acres oranges, 6 acres .lemons,- 1 5
' ' acres apricots, 3' acres berries, 10 acres
alfalfa: about 70 acres in barley; this
property . has fine water . right. \u25a0 with
' abundance of free water for irrigation;
good ditches, flumes, etc. ; large 2-story
10-room house,- • with \u25a0 all * modern lm-
v provements: hard finished; good barn;
: 'packing-house, shop, granary. ., tool and
'wagon sheds.' poultry houses and yards;
located in Ventura County : near - town
'\u25a0 ' : of . Ventura : will exchange for northern
ranch' or ; Oakland business property.
\u25a0 * * Apply to ; .'\u25a0 . •\u25a0«\u25a0' \u25a0
: : RAMAGE- STANTON.
Castro St.. near A. : Hayward, Cal.
: • . \u25a0 ELMHIJRST j REAL ESTATE.;
FOR sa le—^acre :. lots." ; from • $500 ' to : $800; any
<\u25a0• kind of "terms.' ' .-" : >*.v.\ -
FITCHBURG LAND COMPANY,
; .• , ' . ELMHURST r P. :O.
TRACTS FOR' SUBDIVISION NEAR . ELM-
\u25a0•- FV : -. :; \u25a0\u25a0" . ' : - - ' HURST.':''. ! \u25a0 V-- ' :
\u25a0 FITCHBURG LAND COMPANY.
SAN MATEO REAL ESTATE. _
J_NEVEIN~iuBDIvfsiON . -'. T
'.- ' AT: SAN. BRUNO. *
34— BEAUTIFUL, LARGE LOTS— 34 -
.All Streets Macacamlzed. . .
Water Piped to Each Lot.
Electric Lights.
Two Minutes' Walk to Electric Cars. 3 Minutes
to San Bruno. Southern Pacific Station.
Sheltered and Wooded. High and Dry.
Natural Drainage. No fog. No Mosquitoes.
PRICES FROM $300 TO $300 PER LOT.
TERMS. TO SUIT.
FACTS ABOUT "SAN BRUNO CUT-OFF."
• Total cost, including terminal passenger d*-
pot. corner Howard and Beale sts., $7,000,000;
800 men now at work; distance from terminal
depot to San Bruno, 10. -15 miles; running time
for fast trains between the two points. 12 min-
utes; number of tunnels. 5: number of tracts.
4; already completed and in operation to San
Bruno, one mile of the "3an Bruno- Cut-off";
entire construction work \u25a0 nearly finished: estl-
; mated number of dally passenger trains to be
run over the "Cut-Off." J-'5 (double the pres-
ent number); - commutation fare from San
Bruno to the city. $3; upon completion of
"Cut-Off" present Southern Pacific line to be
converted into third-rail electric railway, with
, termlnua at San Bruno. vf^,
REPRESENTATIVE ON THE GROUND
EACH SUNDAY.,
For further Information inquire of ' ." . \u25a0
G. H. UMBSEN* & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
PAUL P. AUSTIN AND N. K. SPECT,
Managers Country Department. .
—BURLINGAME— — •
THE "EASTON ADDITION" TO
BURLINGAME
10 Minutes From S. P. Co. '* Station.
Take San Mateo . Electrlo Cars to
"EASTON" STATION,
On the Property.
Grading and macadamizing of streets, laying
of sewer and water pipes, ourbs and sidewalks
will be 'lmmediately undertaken.
AT SELLERS' EXPENSE.
Lots have 60-foot frontage and
BACK ON ALLEYS. • " \u25a0 •\u25a0
6ALOON PROHIBITION and a
- } $1600 building restriction will insure
this being a desirable suburb.
LOTS FROM $400 UP.
TERMS— SIO DOWN AND
$10 A' MONTH.
90 Lots Sold First Two Weeks.
INVESTIGATE TO-DAT.
BELBY, RODGERS _ CO..
116 California st., San Francisco. CaL.
AND ON PROPERTY.
WE have for sale (bargains): Good hotel and
bar; paying business ; we will show you
proof. : .
27 acres sandy loam, 34 mile from Palo
Alto. In San Mateo County; some magnificent
oaks.
22 acres, near Redwood City; sandy loam;
fine trees; as a whole or in subdivisions.
A few good lots near town; on Woodslde
road; easy terms. Other properties.
See J. D. SMITH.
United Contracting ana Realty Company,
Redwood City, Cal.
BURLINGAMB REAL ESTATE.
BEFORE buying lots at Burllngame look at
the Burlingame Villa Park Tract; building
or Investment lots 60x120. $425; $26 cash, bal-
ance $10 month;, money paid in on Install-
ments returned to heirs in case of death; only
a few minutes' walk from S. P. depot: San
Mateo electrlo cars stop at property; tell the
conductor to let you off at Oak Grove aye.,
Burllngame; beautiful shade trees on prop-
erty; we are making special Inducements to
horoe-bullders; we will advance the money to
build on a straight loan proposition at a low
rate of Interest; prices of lots Include all im-
provements; sewers, water, curbing of
streets and street work; agent on property
all day Sunday; send for circular; -title per-
fect: no trouble to Bhow you the property.
F. A. DUNBAR, General Agent, room 36,
Flood building. 809 - Market st.,' San Fran-
cisco; phone Bush 430. ;: • - '
AA — WHY buy outside of the town of Bur-
llngame when you can buy choice lots right
In the "hub" itself of the Howard estate for
the same money. ..Wise ones have bought and
are building homes there, because ! the loca- '
tion Is right and there Is sound value In the
property. Large lots, 50x160, and larger
prices, $450 and up; easy terms and low in-
terest: wide avenues, streets graded and
sewered, water pipes laid. In short time this
property only 25 minutes from the city. If
you want the best lots for home or to hold
for a raise buy the Howard property. Send
\u25a0 for map and price list to Howard Estate. 206
Sansome st.. room 3; phone Main 632. - Local
office right at the "Hub" in Burllngame.
Agent on ground every day. '
— MI-Ij VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
OVER 200 LOTS SOLD.
At beautiful Mill . Valley , one has all the
conveniences of the city, combined with the
charms of the country;, go there to-day; you
will enjoy the . outing ana see the grand lots
right at the station*' that we are offering; beau-
tiful redwood trees. . . :.'
Sewers . and water mains laid; large lots,
from $3CO' to $660; 10 per cent cash, balance
$10 monthly. Agent on ttie tract Sundays.
LYON _ HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
PALO ALTO REAL ESTATE.
CO-OPERATIVE Land and Trust Co. are the
owners of large blocks of real estate In "The
Twin Cities," Palo Alto and ' Mayfleld, the
Stanford University towns; large lots. $300
and up; cement walks, graded streets, etc;
small monthly payments; country property:
houses for rent. San Francisco office, 720
..Market at.; phone Front 31. - Salesmen
wanted.
SAUSALITO REAL ESTATE.
THE fall is unquestionably the most beautiful
time on the Pacific Slope, and nowhere Is
this so true as In the Naples of America—
Sausallto. For homes to rent, for lots for
sale see W. H. ATKINSON, room 69, ' Chro-
nicle bldg.. 9 to 11 a. m.: tel. Brown 217;
Sausallto, 2 to 5 p. m.; tel. Mam 411. Bun-
days at Sausallto*. , •
FAIR OAKS REAL ESTATE.
A— FAIR OAKS — —MENLO PARK.
Villa sites containing 1 to 5 acres on un-
usually easy terms. Beautifully . wooded.
Water and electric lights. Bus direct. Con-
venient to. station, "Fair Oaks Park." "Llnd*
Vista" and ."Qulllota" Tracts. Investigate
our properties and inducements before bay-
ing-.
SELBY. RODGERS 4, C0..
116 California et.. S. F. and Menlo Park.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange— A lovely 27-acre full-bearing
orchard home, , Including olives, apricots,
pears, figs. - etc.; substantial Improvements*
fronting on county road along which will
soon run electric cars: fine warm, dry oil-
mate ; Income $1500 to $2000; exchange f oi
good Oakland property, Improved or vacant;
property clear; title perfect.
HARRY L. HOLCOMB.
814 San Pablo aye.. Oakland. Cal.
IMPROVED business - property In Oakland,
value $27,000; - also 10 cottages, value $13.-
000; all clear and unlncumbered: will ex-
change for grain or pasture lands within
B0 miles of San . Francisco. GILBERT
WYMAN, Twenty-seventh aye. and East
Sixteenth St.. Fruitvale. : phone Brook 123.
CHOICE piece of fruit, table or wine grape
land in Sacramento County for house in San
Francisco or across the bay. Box 126. Gait.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— House of 8 or S rooms In Oakland,
Berkeley. - Alameda or San Francisco in ex-
change for young vineyard; must be in good
neighborhood and clear of .lncumbrances.
Box 15. Gait. t.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
UNION Square Transfer; and. Storage Co., fi&l
Van Ness aye. Phone Bast 448. Storage,
moving, packing: cut rates on freight. .
A— EMPORIUM Storage '& Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. \u25a0 723-
731 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Fillmore: tel. West 828.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery I
-St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
ALAMEDA ADVEKT ? S'MTS
'\u25a0 ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
NEW S-room '.- house, near Grand et. : $3000.
$500 cash. :
6-room cottage ' on Santa Clara aye.. near
City Hall. $3500. :
6-room cottage. $1750.
7-room house. $1000. , ' \
New 5-room cottage. $2600.
New 6-room cottage, : $3300.
G. li.: LEWIS.*' 1516 Park; St., Alameda. \u25a0
• A RARE OPPORTUNITY. *
Lots 40x130 In Alamcda'a best residential sec-
tion; latest style Improved street; cement curb,
sidewalk and gutters; : ' ; macadamized street:
price $750; terms to suit, I : or. we will build on
lets; $300 cash.' balance same as rent. \u25a0
WILLIAM _ CO..
232G Santa Clara aye.. near Park. Alameda.
DON'T fall to ac« CHAS. ADAMS _ CO.; Ba>
< station.'' for /Alameda . real r estate, • who have
• the greatest bargains ever offered , for sale ' ia
'.Alameda. : < Office ooen I Sundays. •
$2450— NEW -cottage,' s' rooms: $1850 new cot-
tage, 's rooms.' larsjre lot;* $400 cash. $20 per
" month, v-r J. H. .YOUNG. " owner, 1243 ' Park
.; st., ; Alameda. ;.; .:\u25a0 . > . _< .-. \u0084 \u25a0
WE 'CAN RENT OR SELL you a house or lot
.-- In any : part of : Alameda at i low ; rates.
J. S. HAN LEY. 1310 Psrk st.
ALAMEDA ADVEBT ? S > M T TS.
_jC ALA.MEPA RE-\L'ESTATE. ; ;
THIS INTERESTS YOU.
Beautiful New Homes for sale.
Modern Xew Homes for sale. *
Cozy New Homes for sale."'
ALAMEDA _ANl> COMPANY.
1413 PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.
New Homes on Easy Terms.
New Homes on Prices 'to Suit.
. , New Homes in Best Locations.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
141S Park St..
'New Homes sear stations and schools
New Homes built of best material..
New Homes finished In best of styla.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1418 Park St..
ALAMEDA.
New' Homes just like paying rent.
New Homes cheaper than old ones.
-New Homes on easy terms.
ALAMEDA LAND C 0...
141S Park St..
ALAMEDA.
____ , -- •\u25a0
WE SELL TOU BARGAINS.
WE SAVB YOU MONET.
. SEEING 13 BEUBVING, v
SEE AND BELIEVB,
ALAMBDA LAND COMPANY.
141S Park St., Alameda.
Tsmporary Office— Tel. A-uned- 4M.
$2250 buys one of the prettiest Boas-tow
cottages In Alameda.
$3160 buys an 8-room house and barn, lot
50x150: a bargain.
$5750— Elegant 8 - room house, hardwood
floors, large lot. must be sold on account of
sickness.
Houses and lots at al! prices s_d term*.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPAJTr.
1418 Park St.. Alamed*. fj'\
FOR CHOICE ALAMEDA PRQPEStTT '
Call oa
A. J. TORRES. MORTOCT STATION.
Beloir -ill be found a partial list ef rood
buys I offer far sale this week.
$1.060 — Good S-room ootta«e; asar station.
$1,600 — Fine cottago; S rooms; snap.
12.100— Will buy a swell S-roozn cottaj«.
$2,3so— Modern up-to-date S-room oottscs;
$800 down, balance sama as rent; don't
overlook.
$2.600— G00d two-story houss of 7 rooms;
large lot, 60x136; If you are looking for
a home investigate this property.
$3,500— Swell home; 7 rooms; Enciaal aye.
$3, 6C0— Modern up-to-date story ' and a halt
colonial house. 8 ~ rooms and bath; on
Alameda aye.: very central.
$4.000— 9-room house In San Antonio are.
$6,000 will buy a beautiful modern up-to-daie
8-room houss on San Antonio aye.; this
home must he seen to be appreciated.
$5,650 — Swell home, modern and up-to-date In
every respect, consisting- of 14 rooms; In-
fine location, near school and station;
large lot. 60x206; If you are looking for.
a home, don't overlook this chance.
$9,000 will buy a choice piece of business prop-
erty, consisting of stores and fiats; this
property Is bringing In 12 per cent net;
\u25a0' If you are looking for an Investment.
don't overlook this opportunity.
$18.000 — Read this "ad" over carefully, then
call and Investigate this property, con-
sisting of 4 beautiful two-story houses
of 7 rooms each, on large corner lot;
* owner obliged to sacrifice on account of
leaving State: don't hesitate; chances ot
• this kind don't last long; why pay rent?
- • ;Buy on the Installment plan; save the
rent money.
A, J. TORRES. v• ' *\u25a0
Morton Station, Narrow Gauge.
Alameda.
Office Open To-day From 9 to 3.
PUT YOUR MONEY IN THE GROUND:
Don't be afraid that money Invested In real
estate is permanently buried— it Is only planted
temporarily and will sooner or later spring
up and bring forth good fruit; a man. single
or married, can do no better than by buying
real property and It Is our duty and pleasura
as well as our profit to show him where and
why.
THIS WEEK WE ADVERTISE* SEVERAL
PROPERTIES OF MERIT AND ASK YOU
TO GIVE THE DATA BELOW YOUR CARE-
FUL CONSIDERATION. ,
______
$1.400— A nice little S-room cottage on the
sunny side of the street: bath, pantry
and gas; lot 33 1-3 by 100 feet.
$2.250 — A 6-room cottage in a swell location;
$500 down, balance same as rent.
i $2,250 — A new cottage of S rooms; $500 do— n.
balance same as rent; porcelain tub. gas
and electricity.
$2.600 — A 7-room house on the Bay Shore,
near Lafayette st. : lot S4 feet front;
" lot alone worth $2700.
$3,750— 0n Central aye.. lot 90 by 146 feet;
the house contains 8 rooms; now being
placed In first-class condition; terms.
$12,500— 0ne of the most magnificent homes
on the coast, consisting of 12 rooms; In
the heart of the Tery hest location; fine
billiard-room, servant's room, in fact
one of the most completely srranged
homes ever built.
If you want to buy, sell or rent be sure and
see the leading and reliable agents,
HAMMOND A HAMMOND.
1422 Psrk st.. Alameda.
c_ *^> - Salesmen In office to-day.
FOR SALE.
Nearly cew 6-room house, with bath; fine
large lot; choice location: $2330.
HAWKS - MEHRTENS.
Corner Railroad aye. and Webstar it.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES. t
TAYLOR aye.. 827. Alameds^— S-room cottage
and bath; fumlshsdt narrow ga_g«; BTirrtnal
station.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES.
TO let— 4-room cottags and bath to responsible
oouple; no children; rent $11. 638 Pao-to aye.
BEBKfiLEY ADVERTCTTS
BERKELEY BBAt EJTA^-t
OWN A HO-OI
ir:- — IN—
BJERXS-BT.
They can be had for ON— -THULD CASH sa4
the balance Uks rent.
A colonial home of 8 lanre rooms and servant's
room, oak floors. Just oft Telegraph aye..54700
S-room modern house in South. Berkeley.. s33oo
8-room houss on Piedmont aye.. aear Dwixht
way. lot 60-13S $4600
17-room house, lot 130x100. corner of Colls**
and Durant ayes $13,600
LOTS— _OT3— LOTS— LOTS.
48x100— Stuart St.. near College aye...... 51430
33x70— Haste at.', near Atherton $1673.
42x125— East side Telegraph aye.. north ot
Carlton \;5.......^ ...$l3OO
100x133 — Hlllegats aye.. east frontage. '. .S3ISO
100x160— On Piedmont aye.; price for this week
only".. - " ....$9500
60x166 — North Berkeley hills; street work com-
plete; $230 down, balance annually; price. $700
MASON-McDUFFIE COMPANY.
Shattuck aye. and Center st.
f9OO— Cottage, 3 rooms; lot 35x135; $300 cash.
$1200 — Cottage. 4 rooms: close to cars..
$15C0 — Cottage, 4 rooms; minute from, station;
$700 cash. r-ffIPUW
$2400 — New cottage. - S rooms, gas. electricity.
etc.: 41-foot lot: Improved Street; close to
station: $1000 cash.
$2500 — New modern cottage; 9 rooms; close in;
. $600 cash.
$2300— New up-to-date cottage. • rooms: $750
cash. - ; • ' " --
$3000 — Elegant new 7-room house; corner lot»
. * ?750 cash. "
$4200 — Elegant UD-to-date home. 8 rooms: NH.
corner; street work done: choice location.
These are only samples. We also have soma
good values In' unimproved, -business. sad resi-
dence property In all parts of Berkeley. In-
vest now; "^"^^-'"braDHOFF.
Open Sunday. - Lorin. Berkeley. '
H MOSKOWITZ &. CO.
SNAP— SNAP— SNAP.
NW cor house, " flats of C and 7 rooms: 2
minutes* walk to \u25a0 Ashby station; let 113xU5>:
Modern stores and flats for rent; corner Ade-
line st. and Ashby are.
H. MOSKOWITZ A CO..
1* ; j, t ASHBY STATION. BERKELEY.
For Additional Classified. Adv ertiie-
meats See Pa_e 43.
4142
BERKELEY ADVERT y S y yTS
BBRKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BIRDSALL _t CRAIG.
2167 Shattuck aye.. at' Berkeley Statioa.
A ewi;l IoC facing West, near College aye.
#Tid Wester «t.; only $750; street work com-
plete.
Well-appointed bouse of 8 rooms, east of
College aye.; new and complete; $4800.
pine lot on Reservoir Hill at a sacrifice.
That pretty subdivision In the Claremont
District, VERNON HEIGHTS, with an unob-
structed view cf the bay; street work, side-
walks and eewws complete; will be offered by
us fhortly at prices ranging from $700 to $1000
p«r lot; think of this! /-? ','\u25a0':'
We tutve or.c more piece of , acreage left in
the Oaremont District, where 1 we can show
you a cood profit.
SEEING IS B_3_n-V_NG. and if you saw
those choice Woodlawn lots you will believe in
their speculative value; terms $100 down and
$10 a month.
A sweil home on College aye.; large oorner
let; 14 rooms;, two baths; maple floors; fur-
nace: everything modern and complete to date;
price $15,000. '\u0084..: -•---
A swell home on Webster St.. near Telegraph
aye.- large lot; house new and complete; price
*3SOO.
A choice corner lot in the Vernon Park
Tract ca College ay«.
A «we!l lot facing the Maedonough Tract:
rtreet work, sidewalks complete: with Improve-
ments en both sides; price $1250.
6 choice lots, east of College aye.. near the
Mae<sonough Tract, for $925 apiece; street work
done and sidewalks' on S of these lots.
Elegant home in the Berry-Bangs Tract;
large tunny south frontage lot. with 9 large
twom?. reception hall and dining-room finished
In oak; this is a snap far $5250.
A choice lot In the Berry-Bangs Tract?
. Sacing south; for $1500: on easy terms.
A swell home; C large, sunny rooms; liv-
lr.R room. 15:6x28:6; lot 71x280; barn, well and
outbuilding*: 6treet work and sidewalks cora-
r>te: this home !s new and overlooks the Mae-
donough Tract and Is a snap for $5500.
We have a flne list of choice business prop-
erties, building sites for home and Investments:
Ao not b« blind to the opportunities we offer
you.
WHY TOU SHOULD HAVE A HOME IN
BKRKELEY.
3. Beet climate that is to be found.
2. Within S5 minutes of the great city of
Ean Frnaciseo, and 20 minutes of Oak-
land.
8. Tiert educational advantages to be found
In any city of the U. S.
1. c.
Hipe-rrcfle kindergartens.
High-grafle pnunmar prades.
Hlph-grsde Hlgrh Schools.
T*n!vcrsity of Calif crnls.
High-grade select schools for girls and boys.
BIRDPALL & CRAIG.
2167 Fhattunk aye.. at Berkeley Station.
F. H. LAWTON & Ca
Real Estate and House Renting.
Phone Berkeley 1115.
2147 Center ft.. East Berkeley.
R<?sldence Phone Berkeley 141.
$5250 — 7-room new modern house on Berry-
Bangs Tract; west front; lot 50x148; don't
Bliss this.
$1750 — Pplrndid bargain: modern 9-room
house with attic en sunny corner, near U. C.
and Telegraph aye.; a convenience, choice-flow-
ers and _>wn.
_ extra street lots near Dwlght way; 50x135
feet oaeh; a splendid buy; we'll sell one.
Jl2&O— Lot 44x130 feet; east of Telegraph
• «ye.. north of Ashby.
Jl2OU — 12x1^0 feet; fame location; both near
Koy Koute: _ o.i Fjr-^culatlon.
Elevated lot. 130x180 feet, at $33 foot, can
cf Telegraph aye., adjoining Berry-Bangs
•Trjict. west lace.
$2000— Snaps In a confectionery buslnes*; !
best location; all new up-to-date appliances; a j
irw <j proposition and will go quick.
JUETEB _\u25a0 BAIRD. 2137 Shattuck aye.
••WE t-KLL THE EARTH."
•FINE RESIDENCE AND BUSINESS
PROPERTY A SPECIALTY."
$£25 each — Three elegant -lots on Benvenue;
a snap; nre«»t work complete; other lots
in the neighborhood $1050.
. $»y»— In North Berkeley; 41x135; street work
all done; elejjam view.
*l_so— Elegant U»-foot lot, adjoining Clare-
mont Park.
$_750— Magnificent lot, r.5x124; two frontages;
commanding a view of the entire bay.
fZ4<** — Dainty 5-room cottage; good basement:
large lot; tine lawn Just up.
$3600 — New 5-room cottage, . completely fur-
nlFhed; the furniture and carpets are new
and exceptionally flne; this is an oppor-
tunity of a lifetime.
ttUtC — New S-room house; lot 50x134. .
$SHK> — An unusually fine 8-room house. Just
being completed: east of College aye.
fSOOO — Magnificent 10-room house, east of Tel-
egraph aye.; cement basement, furnace;
entire house beautifully finished; If you
are looking for a nice place be cure and
see this.
JfSTER & BAIRD. 2137 Shattuck aye.
M. P. W. ALBEE, Real Estat?.— For Invest-
ment buy buslnees or residence property In
Berkeley; it will pay you a handsome ad-
. vance In the near future; $20,0u<» will buy
. I<*> feet in the business center of Berkeley
that will double in value In the next two
yeare; while this it en assertion it will
• t prove true; not caring for 100 feet will sell
les-, $200 a front foot: this property im-
proved will pay 10 p«r cent Income net.
Can sell you two of the best business cor-
ners In Berkeley at a bargain.
Have many other desirable business prop-
ositions to submit.
$1900 — Sunny corner; 6 blocks from Berke— i
ley station; 100x125.
$2400 — s—room, bungalow, near Ashby; a
bargain; on eaey terms.
$2500— 7-room, new house; large lot; cen- |
tral.
$3700 — R-room, new house; Grove st.
I $5000 — 7-room. new house: Hilleguss aye.
Houses and lot? In all parts of Berkeley
• at conservative prices.
2139 Center St.. Berkeley. C»l.
WARREN* CHENEY & CO..
2052 Center et.. Berkeley.
To buy or 6«11 real estate call on us; we
•r- agents for the Home Building Association
• ' *rho are buildlnc the latest and up-to-date
faomes and selling them on easy payments.
X you ar^ contemplating the buyinc of a
home it will pay ycu to look at our work.
$1600 — Lot in Berry-Bangs Tract on Russell
, et.. near College aye.
Cheap 5-room cottage; good location; ownei
must beU; no reasonable offer refused.
MANUFACTURERS.
HOW LS THIS?
20,000 feet of land on railroad and water
front at $10 per foot: nothing down, balance
at S r*?r cent.
20 lots adjoining Country Club grounds; nice,
sightly lots on hill, one block from Collegt
•ye. ; electric line; under forec!o«_re and must
be told.
4 lots in Bame condition and locality for hall
of what they \u25a0 are worth.
New S-room houfe on corner lot. In good
locality; will give bargain this week, as owner
wants a little ready money.
WARREN CHENEY & CO.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Lorin Station, South Berkeley.
% Bargain — New 5-room cottage, bath, hot and
coid water; gas and electric lights; fixtures,
-• . shades, walis ttnt«J. pretty mantel; lot
40x?35 feot; street work and walks done; 2
Mocks to Key Route station ; price $2500; terma
$300 cash, balance $25 monthly.
• Bargain — Almost new 8-room house, hard-
wood floors, fine mantel, gas, hoi and cold
\u25a0water, high basement: high ceilings modern;
fruit trees, flower garden, chicken-house- lot
60x135; choice location; price $3500; terms $1000
cash, balance to suit; death cause of selllng;'2
blocks to Key Route station, school church
• * and stores. \u25a0 .
Don't pay rent; snap: almost new 6-room
hlph basement cottage, bath, pantry, mantel -
lot 45x100; close to station, echool. church and
Mores; price $U5O; terms $150 cash, balante
C2O a month. *
• O. A. «UDOLPH,
Lorln Station. South Berkeley. \u25a0
• Phone North 02
E. L. CORYELL. CO..
Real Estate and Fire Insurance.
First National Bank Building.
Those mat* of tiat beau{]f«I e tract _r_
not ready yet but will b» io *, a W VJv
• an. we now have several pat^ns^readTtV
purchase lots for iKimtm there- M If ™
wish t_> be among -the, first you had better
corn* in and let as chow you this mavnin-
oent. clece of property and put yon on rfi...
. J££Jtf». you, will be a*le. to *et tbe P best
, "X yoUMiave for", sale' list .ifwitbr
ur and w* wKI sell If if the Price is rteht '
\u25a0..;\u25a0>, -.\u25a0_\u25a0.- '.In tbe V*ev O^rty: days we have sold $75 -•
000 worth of Tji>nperty, 'co' you see we are. not
.. 1-Je* _11 of. tU. time.. \u25a0 .- •• ". * -
,* ' - •E, L. CORY-ELL C 0... ; ;
• • Rwjras .CCt-Cr-? first- National Bank Bldg
• V Phone Bcrkejejf 4_LV ' • P. O. Box-. 83.
* . t2500— NEW 5»roo«i cottage; lot 40x100; ' near
Key Route tm'& "car line; 'street: work, all
done: easy ternis for a few d_y/e; 'fine- corner
on Ashby. ave. ;._oxll2: "pood location; close
"* . ' tfl R- R. ftatioVi; a bargain: come and make
us an offer. LITTLE *-_c WOOLSBY, 2110
ghattock aye.. Berkeley. Cal. . ' :• •
• .. CHARLES R. MARMON,- ' :
E|Sj6H * Heal n.-tate and. insurance.. . '
Rents Collected. Loans". Negotiated.' ". " :
• 1837 HARMON -KTREE,T, : ' ' r
. \ Lorln Station. -Sotitb- Berkeley. .*. •'• * "
; BERKELEY ADVERTVENTS
BERKELEY REAL .ESTATE.
NEAT HOME FOR SMALL FAMILY.
New bungalow, 4 good rooms, bath, pantry,
large rustic porch, parlor paneled, brick
mantel, electric light, cement foundation; lot
85x95; street work done and cement walks
laid; price $2200. (2063)
f H. D. IRWIN, Lorln station. South Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
REMARKABLY GOOD VALUE."
i New Gothic, 1%-story cottage, contains par-
lor, with brick mantel, dining-room, kitchen,
pantry, 3 nice bedrooms, porcelain bath, toi-
let, electric light, fuel gas;, lot 33x135; close
> In; price $2525; cash $350 and $25 monthly.
H. D. IRWIN, -Lorln station, South Berkeley,
j Open Sundays.
' WELL WORTH INSPECTION.
Cottage, S rooms and 2 in attic, bath, toilet,
" high basement; lot 40x135; street work and
J cement walks done; lawn; fruit trees, ber-
1 rlea; cowshed; good well, windmill and large
tank; price $2650, (650 cash; fi minutes from
Ashby station. (2129)
IL D. IRWIN, Lorln station," South Berkeley.
; . Open Sundays. '
NEAR THE FOOTHILLS.
i New 2-story/ house, 0 large rooms, bath. 2
) toilets; 1 block from Telegraph aye.; price
$2750; cash. $500 and $ao monthly. UUSS)
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin station. South Berkeley.
: Open Sundays.
DESIRABLE FAMILY RESIDENCE.
'. Modern, 2-story house, containing parlor,
dining-room, library, kitchen, pantry, 5 bed-
rooms, bath, 2 toilets, electric light, etc.;
, large lot, 41:6x120; all street work and ce-
ment walks done; finely located on Harper
et., 2 minutes from Ashby station, 1 block
from cars; lawn, chicken-house, etc.*; price
$3300; each $600 and $25 monthly.
J H. D. IRWIN. Lorin station. South Berkeley.
[ Open Sundays.
SPLENDID CORNER ON SHATTUCK AYE.
' Nearly new 2-story colonial house, 8 rooms,
bath, pantry, '& toilets, hardwood floors; lot
45x106, NE. corner; all street work and cc-
! ment walks done on both streets; 4 minutes
to Ashby station; lawn back and front, flow-
ers, etc.; price $4200. (2099)
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin station, South Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO;,
! 2123 Center St.,
' Berkeley, Cal.
$1650 — We have secui-ed this price for this
week only, on a splendid lot 45x135 In the
Wheeler Tract; it lies up well and the
view cannot be cut off; lots on both sides
are selling for $2000; Just let us show ycu
this tract, that's all.
$1000 — Choice NW. corner la Humphrey Tract.
$1500 — This will buy you 3 lots in the Tuohy
Tract, which must be sold together; near
' Hopkins Terrace No. 3; each lot 45x148.
$1100— Sightly lot in Scenic Park Tract. 60x100.
$600 — Lot on Josephine st,, just north of Rose.
We have 100 feet on Woolsey St., In the Col-
by Tract, which we can sen for $2400; this is
tbe best part of this tract.
CLAREMONT.
Let us chow you some splendid buys in thle
beautiful tract.
$3750 will buy you a flne 7-room house, Ju6t
completed, on Grove st.
$8300 — A magnificent 12-room house in tho
Scenic Park Tract; grand view; near tha
university; almost completed.
' MARIPOSA .PLAT.
This flne property Is now on sale. A postal
dropped to either of our ofnees will bring you
a map and prices on the lots in this plat.
.W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
2123 Center St.,
Berkeley, Cal.
Ean Francisco Office. J»lo,MiB6ion 6t.,r00m 301.
Phone Montgomery 625.
ELROD & HULL.;
$3000 (5C) — New 6-room cottage, Just finished;
large rooms; very nice higH base-
ment; on Rose St., near Telegraph
aye.; lot 50x100; south fronting;
small payment down and balance no
more than rent; this place will bear
tbe closest inspection.
$3GOO (22)— Fine two-story house; near Tele-
graph aye., strickly modern; nice
lawn; this is a flne home.
$850 (61) — 3-room cottage, new, sewer and
water; lot 32x98; you can't beat It
for the money.
$2600 (45) — 5-room cottase: street work all
done; gas. electric light; this place
Is new and a modern up-to-date
place; we have 3 good business cor-
ners for SALE at prices that will ln-
pure a god return; come early IP In-
terested; we also have some very
cheap residence lots to offer; terms
can be had on all our properties. ,
16 of the best garden land to lease. .-\u25a0\u25a0_ <
Call and get a list of property that we have
FOR SALE before you buy, for our list can-
not b« beat.
ELROD t HULL.
Frultvale aye.. Frultvale: SOU Adeline St.,
Ashby Station, Berkeley. ~-
GET RICH QUICK!!
Schemes are dangerous. Buy Berkeley real
estate and make a fair profit and ONE THAT
IS SURE.
$4500 ONLY for 10-room house; lot 50x135;
near Dwlirht way station.
$4750 — 8-room house on Piedmont aye. ; lot COx
135.
$5700 — ©-room house on College aye. : new,
modern; finished basement; sun deck; will
make a delightful home In every way.
Can b_ had for $1500 down and balance
same as rent. '
$24TO — 5-room cottage; lot 50x130; near high
school.
$2550 — 6-room house in North Berkeley; view
unexcelled.
3— JGCO lots in the McGee Tract.
1— 5950 lot on Dwight way; 52x135.
3—514003 — $1400 lots In the Claremont Park Tract;
, very easy terms; best in the tract.
2— s2oCo lots, Etna St.; flne neighborhood; 60x
135.
2— 51500 lots. Just off of Piedmont aye., 41x100.
THESE ARE ALL BARGAINS.
FRANCIS FERRIER.
2121 Shattuck aye., Berkeley. Cal.
AT KEY ROUTE TERMINUS.
ALLEN'S SPECIALS.
$800— Lot 60x100: i'<j blocks of High School.
51«oO — Lot 1i."x135; in choice location; near
Berkeley station.
51750 — Nice 4-room modern cottage; near
cars. ~ .
$3200 — 7 rooms; modern, nearly new, colo-
nial; near Telegraph aye.
$4250 — A 30- f out business lot on leading ave-
nue, with cheap building bringing moderate
Income; good location and n«ar in.
$3500 — Business lot on Shattuck aye.; close
in to Berkeley's business center.
$11,000 — A business corner; 120x175, which
you can buy to-day at price of residence lote;
good for a long advance.
LYMAN* ALLEN.
2129 Center St.. Berkeley.
MILLS, THE REAL ESTATE MAN,
Has special bargains this week.
$5250 — House 7 rooms: lot 100x135: street and
sidewalks comnlete: windmill and tank;
bet. Shattuck and Tel. aye.. near station.
$5000 — 8-room house, arranged for 2 families;
2 bath rooms; _as heater for bath; gas
and electric light: lot 50x135; bet. Shat-
tuck and Ellsworth: rents for $CO. Here
Is your Income property.
$2800— Cottage, C rooms; lot 40x135; $500 cash
and $30 per month; this is a bargain;
will tak* less for cash. Buy a homo.
$1100 Cash will buy a lot in Berry-Bangs Tract,
this week only; come early; no signs on it.
PHILO MILLS.
2141 Shattuck aye. Phone Berkeley 1548.
R. R. PATTERSON. - i j
Real Estate, Building and Insurance.
2123 Shattuck aye., Berkeley station.
Here is YOUR Chance.
Only $3300 for a quick sale; a n*w. modern
1 2- story bouse of 7 rooms and bath; also a
large storeroom; on a flne northeast cor-
ner; close to station.
$1400 for a choice 40x135 lot on Francisco St.;
extra fine building site.
. Houses and lots for sale and to rent la all
parts of Berkeley.
Office — Phone Berkeley.' 2.
Residence — Phone Berkeley 730.
* 2123 Shattuck aye.. Berkeley Station.
CHEAPER THAN RENT.
GREAT SACRIFICE— EASY PAYMENTS. \u25a0
A new 5-room and bath bungalow for 32550;
$300 cash, balance $25 per month; near street-
car an* Key Rotite. *
*" KSEPHAM & NEEDHAM. . .
« 2131 Center *t., J3erkelcy. . - # <
* * • • 1_
V»* .BARGAIN, IN LOTS.
.s22so— Business property; A6hby station. •
fn;;oe — Northeast corner; Berry-Bangs.
$r2so— Berrr-Bangs Tract.* • \u2666 .
$2000 — 5-rot-m new cottage; Virginia st. '
$»r.OO- ; -S-rocm hoose; Daley scenic; street.
.' • R. A. "BERRY & CO..
'.. Rtal Estate _nd Insurance,* •
Post)fflce Block, Berkeley, t^l. .
' • . . : "•\u25a0 BARGAIN. \u25a0 .*-. , ) :
$2300 — New 6-room cottage, high • basement,
concrete foundation. double . parlors, tinted
walls, fine mantel., electric and gas fixtures
laree .lot, one block \f oars', only $300 cash
and" balance;- $2O per month. .-"\u25a0 „ •
• • TW. C. MORAN & CO.
• Lor>n Station. .South* Berkeley.
OPEN SU^AyS.
••'\u25a0;»i»'_jis mN \ lvo * RDNßR '' "•'\u25a0-\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0."\u25a0\u25a0
.-8282 Adeline -St.. .- So_th Berkeley.; 1
"- Real estate -at a' bargain on easy payments'-
. c £ n i 5* 1 - 1 t or ?- chan -« your property it it is
_la Califoula. • ;, *\u25a0 ,*. \u25a0 _
.THE, SAN .FRANCISCO CALL-. SUNDAY,,, OCTOBER- 29. 1905.
BERKEL__YADVERTrS y NTS
SOUTH BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
TUPPER * KAY,
BOUTH BBRKEiLBY. LORIN STATION.'
4-room cottage, almost new; bath; "lot
55x150; convenient to Key Route . station;
price $1500; terms can be obtained. .
6-room cottage; new : up-to-date in all re-
spects: street work done; within walking
distance of Key Route; price only $2600 and
will be cold on easy terms. • , 1
An elegant- new 5-room cottage; modern
throughout; has both gas and eletrlc lights;
street work done; only two blocks, to Key
Route; price $2700. See us In regard to
terms. ;
A new. up-to-date 7-room louse; has all
modern improvements; situated in good local-
ity; street work all done; lot 40x100; price
only $2C50; terms $GCO cash, balance $25
per month. V
______
We will buy you a lot and build you a
home for $300 cash, balance on easy terms;
on such an offer why will you continue to
pay rent? v ; r
.. ' PHONE DERBY 599.
lIERKELEY FVRMSHED HOUSES.
FOR rent — New modern house of 9 rooms; nice-
' ly furnished; rent reasonable to desirable
party; also new cottage of five nn^s; both
convenient to Key Route and car line. Apply
2SOB Grove St., Berkeley.' ' .
FRUITVALE ADY ? T ? SMNTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
Money to loan. * Tel. Vale 691.
RUDELL REAL ESTATE CO..
Corner Frultvale aye. and Washington st.
$750 — Cottasre of 3 rooms: lot 50x100; deeon ,
and chicken houses; city water. No. 101
$2,ooo— Cottage. 4 rooms; lot 100x135; fine
barn, chicken houses and yards; gouc
well. No. 204
$1,500— Reduced from $1650 for aulck sale;
cottage of 4 rooms, barn, well; lot'SOx
300; fronting on 2 streets; owner must
sell. '
> $1,000 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms, within 3
blocks of local station; cement side-
walks; a . eulendid investment: owner
leavlnjr on account of bu?lness\ lnterest;
H'.ust seil.
$10,500— Stock farm. 215 acre«: good house. 2
barns t 55x66 and 40x58; ImDrovements
alone worth $5000: fenced and cross-
fenced Into 7 fields; 15 horses nnd colts,
s 10 cows and heifers: tools, etc., go with
place; about 0 miles from Hayward.
\No. 250
$1,200 — Reduced for quick sale frftm $1350;
house 4 rooms; lot 100x140: sheds, spring
water, pump, fruit trees; $300 cash, bal-
auce . terma. Xo. 40
$I.7oo— Cottage 4 rooms, bath, city water,
electric llehts: lot 30x120; S large apri-
cot trees In bearin_; 4 blocks from cai
line; terms, $600 cash, balance^ $14 45
per month. Xo. 10
$2,200 — Cottago, 5 rooms, electric lights; lot
50xlS0; fruit trees, flowers and be.-nes;
terms $1100 cash. No 19 -
$2,450 — Cottage, 4 rooms; 8-foot basement; ona
acre of Kround; well 120 feet deeD. with
electric motor; terms, one-third cash.
No. 15
$3.100 — Cottage. 5 rooms and bath, o rooms
J in attic, unfinished, 2 rooms In base-
( ment: corner lot, 100x100: term. $1(500
1 cash, balance to suit. No. 11
$9,5011 — Cottase of 10 rooms, modern In all je-,
ppecta: decorated gardens: large stabler
lot 145x208; located on Frultvale aye.,
near I.'ust 14th st.; 5 minutes' walk from
the station No. 49
$2,Soo— House 6 rooms; 10iA acres good land,
barn, well and orchard; 1 mile from car
line: 3 blocks of land recently purchased
by Western Pacific R. R. Co. No. 258
$100— Lots within 4 blocks of high school;
terms $20 cash, balance S3 per month;
location Melrose Station Tract.
'i. RUDELL REAL ESTATE CO..
SE. corner Frultvale aye. and Washington St.,
Fruitvale. Cal.
H. A. PLEITNER.
Fniitvale Station, Cal.
FOR SALE ON EASY TERMS.
$125 per lot— s2s cash down, balance $5 per
month: a few lots left in a choice tract,
one block from S. P. station and two
blocks from electric car line; close to
Frultvale High School; \u25a0' great reduction
made; owner desires to dispose of those
lots at once; will double In value within
a short time, j
$1000 — Neat cottage of 4 rooms; porch, pantry,
etc.; barn, fruit trees, berry vines; lot
50x108; convenient to cars; small cum
down; balance $11 per month. .
$1275 — Brand new cottage of 3 large rooms,
hall and bath, pantry, etc.; barn; chicken
~ housS; lot' 50x132:0; flne and handy loca-
tion; can be bought on terms.
$1450 — New bungalow of 5 rooms, hall, por-
celain bath, etc.: lot 50x115; one block
. from car line; $150 down, balance easy
payments. '\u25a0', ..
$1500 — Cozy cottage of 5 rooms, well. of water,
good sewerage, etc.; lot 37:6x105; four
blocks from local station; easy terms.
$1750 — Good and substantial house of 7 rooms;
all modern; .'{ blocks from Fruitvale sta-
tion; lot 46x125; a big bargain. -
$1800 — Modern 4-room cottage and bath; also
room in attic ; : barn: -flne garden; lot SOx
100; 2 blocks from local station.
$2OOOr-New modern cottage of 4 rooms, hall,
bath, basement and 1 acre of sandy coll;
close to scenic boulevard; $300 down, bal-
ance can remain on mortgage.
$1600 — New cottage of 4 rooms: all modern;
lot 50x132:6; close to car line.
$2000 — New and modern cottage of 5 rooms,
hall, porcelain bath, etc.; lot 30x125; 4
blocks from Frultvale station,
$2250 — Modern house of S rooms, hall, bath,
etc.; corner lot, well, windmill and tank,
fruit trees, berries, barn, etc.; 2 blocks
from car line; a flne piece of property ani
low price.
• H. A. PLEITNER.
Frultvale Station; Cal.
JOHN AUSEON.
1151 23d aye. Phone Brook 2351.
OPEN SUNDAY.
GET OFF AT 23D AYE. STATION.
$1500 — Cottage of 4 rooms and bath; lot IOOx
118; $250 cash; balance $15 per month.
$C 00 — Cottage of 3 rooms; lot 250x100.
$2400 — House of 5 rooms, bath, and one acre
of land, located In best part of Frultvale.
$1450 — Fine cottage; near gas engine worki;
small payment down:- balance $12 month.
$500 — House of 2 rooms; lot 87:6x100; one
block from car line; one block from
t school.
$500 — Cottage of 4 rooms: a block frm 23d
aye. station; terms $150 cash; balance
$12 CO £>er month.
$200— Lots In moss tract; 40x135; $10 down;
$5 ocr month; must be sold.
Look at these flne building lots; near car line;
$00 each; 5 acreß of land on Oak aye.; $750
per acre; will subdivide to suit.
GET OFF AT 23D AYE. STATION. .
BOULEVARD REALTY COMPANY.,
1227 Old County Road, corner 25th aye.
Get off at Twenty-third avenue station.
$3250— Beautiful home of 10 rooms and base-
ment house: built only a short time; close to
every convenience; in flne location; near street-
cars and about 10 minutes' walk to 23d-ave.
station; high and sightly; grand view; south
frontage; large lot, 50x140. This Is a bargain;
owner going south. . . .
$4600 — Fine new home In upper Frultvale;
2-story house. *hard finished; barn, chicken-
houses, brooding-houses, etc.: flne well' of
water; larse tank and. windmill; little over _
acres of flne land, with berries and fruit. trees;
water piped all over tho -land, which makes It
handy for irrigation. This place will. double
in value in a short time. . v.
Asi GENUINE BARGAIN! — 6-room 2-story
hous«; good lot; 1 block from school and the
cars; 4 blocks from \u25a0 station ; barn ; gas, el<sc-
. triclty. city water, sewer, etc.; modern; only
' $2000 for Immediate sale; positively can't
be beat In town; easy, terms »lf desired. Call
3415 Washington St., or address box 322
Fruitvale, Cal. t
\u25a0 - )
?750*-FRUITVALE ACREAGE CHEAP.
fi to 11) acres JaolendldV land; this "eide
Elmhurst; very close to San Leandro electric,
car; near echool; price $750 per ; acre; devel-
o pments," In prospect in • ttrfs locality make
this land really worth $1000 per acre, and
others ask $lOOO*for ground so. near car- as
* a subdivision proposition there is 100 per cent
profit within i o months. :• - ,-.
A» F. CONNETT, Bole Agent,
. • 1223 Broadway. Oakland.
Office PhoM, Oakland 3502. Residence Oak-
f&nd 390q. •» \u2666.' X
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK *
'The terminus of 5-cent fare. Hay wards cars'
streets graded and gravele* ; • stone sidewalks •'
depot on tract;. lots from $fto to $200; $20 cash
artti balance $10 per month; 15 blocks to local
train; best, located property *on San Leandiv
"road; graded "school on • tract. ;-.: Apply 'to S. S
AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third* aye.. .Oakland. "\u25a0'
ONLY $225, flne draft horse: dark < bay; irentle
• sour.d and true. . Call KRUITVALE LUM-"
. HER CO.; 3502 E. : Fourteenth st., Fi-ultvale
\u25a0 Cal. - . \u25a0;.: .<\u25a0':, .'.-\u25a0• r." : .-'
" " " ' ' * - 4
$800 WILL buy. a : choice • corner lot on Frult-
vale aye.; C0x125." with; frtilt trees and choice
, "homes all around; 'grab It quick. BELDEN
. 1112 Broadway, Oakland.* ' " . ,
fruityall:a
FRUITY ALE REAL ESTATE.
; HENRY BARKMEYER; - X '"'
\u25a0•'\u25a0'\u25a0 1206 Frultvale aye.. :. Frultvale, • Cal.
LOTS. LOTS. LOTS.
$200 . '-40x132. |pspfr\*2oo.
$10 down and balance $5 per month; near
main county road and'ear ; line; city water;
$5000 worth of improvements now In course of
construction on this block.- Don't fall to see
these before buying elsewhere. * ,
- Lot 50x100. 3 : blocks from Frultvale sta-
tion. (53)
Elegant corner lot on Frultvale aye.,': upper
Frultvale: all fenced and curbed; city, water
on lot; owner Is anxious to sell; no reasonable
offer refused. - * \u0084 (til)
$600— $100 cash, balance easy terms; house cf
2 rooms; . lot 37:tix115; all tenced; close
In. . (179)
$1400 — A bargain ; new cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; fine mantel and fireplace; sliding
doors; cement sidewalks; city water; »,£M)lock
from car line; near schools. ;' . .(33)
$1675— Almost new cottage of 4 rooms and
bath, high basement, pantry, closets, etc. ; lot
38x125; one block from car line and in walk-
Ing distance to local train; terms, $350 cash,
balance like rent. . (165)
$1600 — Cottage of 4 rooms and bath; lot IOOx
130; city water; high elevation; upper Frult-
vale. # (ISO)
$1850 — New bungalow of 5 rooms and bath,
porcelain tub, stationary wash trays; lot
50x125; one block \u25a0> from car; grammar ani '
high schools; terms, $600 cash, balance $20
per month. (181)
$2000 — Modern cottaee of 4 rooms and bath,
basement, larse veranda, nearly one acre of
fine land: all fenced; chicken houses; near new
boulevard; terms, S3OO \u25a0 cash, balance like,
rent. (125)
$26C0 — New bungalow of 5 rooms and "bath;
2-story barn; good well, windmill and tank;
lot 92:Cx2C0- adjoining electric car line; terms
If desired. . - ' me)
$000 cash, balance $30 per month for a flne,
2-story house of 6. large, rooms, all modern;
on Frultvale aye., 5 minutes' walk to local
train; price all told, $3300. (175)
$3000— A bargain on- Frultvate aye", 2-story
housa of S rooms and bath, mantels, sliding
doors, sas, fine lawn, cement walks, fruit
trees and flowers: 10 minutes' walk to local
train; terms, $500 cash, balance on easy In-
stallments (86)
For particulars apply to
HENRY BARKMEYER.
1206 Fruitvale aye., Frultvale, Cal.''
Telephone Brook 1721.
$2250— Part cash; 5 large -rooms and closets,
bathroom; best electric fixtures; 7-foot con-
crete basement; house built of best material;
fine well; force pump in house; best wind-
mill and tank: lot 50x180, fronting on two
graded streets; sandy loam; flne garden, ber-
ries, flowers, bearing- fruit trees; title
searched free: all good as new: half block
from school, P. 0., stores, and five minutes'
walk to electric cars. See E. HUFFAKER,,
owner, Allendale, at once for a bargain.
FOR A QUICK SALE.
A modern 7-room house; large lot; 4 blocks
from Ftuitvale station;" this Is the cheapest
proposition in Frultvale: $1800.
A. G. SNETSINGER, 1214 F.-uitvale aye.
FOR sale — House and lot: new; $9CO; 4 rooms.
. . STOTTS & ROHDA, Dimond, Upper Frult-
vale, Cal.
FRUITVALE cottage; 5 rooms; near car;
$1300. H. K. G., box 255. Oakland.
FRUITVALE FURNISHED HOUSES.
$25 — FURNISHED cottage of 5 rooms ana
bath, .with high, dry basement: lot 73x180:
poultry house, fruit and flowers: near electric
cars. 13-1 Twenty-sixth aye., Frultvale.
FRUITVALE HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
THREE large rooms and email kitchen,'; fur-
• ni^ned for housekeeping; gas ami coal*
range; large yards; near local; no children.
1417 Fremont aye., Frultvale, Cal.
OAKLAND AD VERT ? S r M ? TS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HOLCOMB, BREI3D & BANCROFT,
10«O Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
$7.300 — Busintcs proixjrty, bringing In over 10
'M' per cent net; guaranteeu lease, over 2
f. years to run; lot -worth ov«r jaoOO^gllt-
edge proposition; will stand most /rigid
investigation. i (107)
$10,000 — Lot lOuxlOO: Improvements consist of
two houses, a and- 10 rooms; In first-
class cdndltlon; "this property is posl-
\u2666 ively worth JW per foot; present rents
$75 per .montn net; .values, on account
of .Improvements In this section, will
most assuredly Increase. (133)
$7,000 — Elegant corner home of 14 rooms; lot
15Cx140; thla elegant property located In
one of Oakland's best neighborhoods,
and can be bought on easy payments;
grounds could be made most beautiful;
well worth ?tK>OO. (173)
$5,500 — 8 small flats; sure renters; in good .
condition; bringing in at present $53 per
. month; on account of the small pay-
ments necessary to buy. these flats In-
come will run over -12 per cent; excel-
lent opportunity to make a good buy.
• (174)
SNAP. SNAP. SNAP. SNAP. SNAP. «.
$2,500 — Absolute sacrifice, but it's a bank fore-
closure and must go; lot 50x150; proper-
ty In Immediate vicinity selling 1 for $40
• per foot; a 9-room house, in good con-
dition, • thrown In; the bank wants In-
. terest, so make your offer for first part
payment. - \ (172)
$750 — Two flne building lots on Broadway
Terrace, near the Claremont Country
Club; command grand. view of hills and
bay; values In this neighborhood will
advance steadily; (^on't let this snap get
by you.
$15 per foot for large lot overlooking Lake Mer-
rltt: close to proposed boulevard ; ex-
ceptionally fine "opportunity for... sure
profit. If property held a little time.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT,
IC6O Broadway; Oakland. .
Branch Offices — 55th and Grove. C3d and Grove,
Shattuck aye. and Alcatraz aye.
HIGHLAND SUBDIVISION
—of— V ... '
ADAMS POINT?
If not, and you are looking for a home
site, see it- -, ; _.
IT'S. AN, IDEAL PLACE FOR A HOME;
PRICES ARE LOW. . ' <
\u25a0 TERMS ARE" EASY.
PRICES INCLUDE ALL STREET WORK.
.Lots are selling fast. :. -
It is building up fast,
j Let us send you a catalogue
and price list.
- : • J. H. MACDON ALD & CO., . .; .
1052 BROADWAY.
Representative at tract office Sunday after--
noons.
I MUST HAVE THE
\u25a0 • ; '•\u25a0-.- -• MONEY .THIS WEEK.
YOU MIGHT AS WELL . , ..
... BENEFIT. BY MY NECESSITY.
I will sell, for considerably less. than any.
. of tbe adjacent lots can be bought for, one
of :..- . - 1 - \u25a0 /;.- :\u25a0- \u25a0"\u25a0 \u25a0- - , ' \u25a0 -.- \u25a0
THE MOST DESIRABLE LOTS .
IN " THE ALTA PIEDMONT TRACT. 7 . ' . ;
OWNER GOING EAST.
•All street- work, sidewalks, sewers.' .
Water and ; eas mains complete; electric
car service; magnificent view.
FACES TWO BROAD i AVENUES.
. Restricted ibulldins; values . injure* elegant
-- home surroundings. .'".-, . - ,r.
You. can- clear $300 on \u25a0 this property.
IT IS GOING AT A SACRIFICE and IT IS
-..-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0•'.•-\u25a0 •-\u25a0^- SNAP.,'.;- \u25a0"-\u25a0.•\u25a0-. :: . i .
Make me»an offer to-day.' * is
. W. .S. WHITE, 26 Montgomery St., R..8.
• FOR SALE .AT BARGAINS. .•-•*.-'.-•, e
$30C0 each— 3 8-room. *;. modern;*- 2-story
houses, each with' lot: soxlso feet; punny* ex-
' posure; elevated Aground; - cement sidewalks;
street- work 'complete;* electric ."cars: pass the
property; ; a '> house * alone ;\u25a0 is ;. worth \u25a0- the \u25a0 price
»asked ; : always £ rented ; A change 'of -; business
\u25a0. - only reason j for : . _ellln w .~~*-Call and '. convince
yourself.", •;.-:;-•\u25a0; \u25a0 :
BARGAINS 'IN t UNIMPROVED PROPERTY. '
$10 : a front {oot; lot :\u25a0 150x100; southwest
, "corner. -.";\u25a0"" " ;; - - * \u25a0". .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0• \u25a0-\u25a0 / '-.*;"'\u25a0 »- . . .
$5 50 a front foot; lot ,190x140; .northeast"
corner.- :.. •.- \u0084 - - •
$350— Lot 60x100.... .;:- . :.v
$SCO— Lot .100x100. V \u2666
$900— Lot 100x140. v ; :: • ' .'
\u25a0'-.; .^ALBfcRT; SCHMIDT. >\u0084
: , 1122 Thirteenth; aye.,: East Oakland." .«
60 FEETon34th st..', near. San-Pablo aye.,-' at
:$25 per»foot:rif iyou : take ,lt - quick.- *Ownec :
box: 6173.. Call. ; Oaklaqd. .. '\u25a0\u25a0 ,;•? -V r-r' ". ,:. : .--. -r- -.
$16CO-*B-room \u25a0>. hou6e;^ rents : for - $19.50; ' near
', S: P." H.- G RAY. 465 : Eleventh _t.. ; O__lan<J.T
pAE_LA]V[i) ADVEiyr v S ? M ? TS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
•-\u25a0- LA YMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
: 460-46_ Eighth^ st., Oakland. - -'
"NON-RESIDENT FORCING SALE. -
$18,500— Six modern flats; 75 feet Telegraph
ive. frontage: $12,000 flat loan; near
new proposed Key Route depot.
' . . MUST BE SOLD.
$10,000— Three modern residences: 8 room*
each; splendid location: opp. public
plaza; corner 100x110; income $900 per
annum; easily increased ; $6500 bank
. • loan. -
, \u25a0 CENTRAL FLATS. '
: $9,ooo— Four modern flats, 6 rooms each; In-
come $1060 per annum: near locals; short
distance to Broadway. • - ' . \u25a0 :
NON-RESIDENTS SACRIFICE.
$4,000^ — Pair modern flats, 6 and 4 rooms: flne
location; well rented; 50x100; vacant
land for more Improvements; 5 minutes
walk from city hall.
A GORE. BARGAIN.
$B,soo— Four modern cottages, 6 rooms each:
215x175; . street work complete; pays 10
per cent: corner 90 ft. vacant; flne for
store; bound to raise In value.
COTTAGE BARGAIN.
$1,800 — Modern cottage 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment, well: 40x137;' street work com-
plete: n»ar S. P. and Ksy Route stations.
WILL PAY 15 PER CENT. \u25a0*
$s,soo— Corner store and fixtures; 3 fine 4-
room apartments; 50 ft. frontage; barn;
flne location: clos«* in.
FINE VALUE. -
$4,000 — Modern cottage, 7 rooms; bath: base-
ment: attic; 60x100; 30 feet vacant:
faces San Pablo aye.
. CORNER STORE. \u25a0 ,_
$I,4so— Exceptionally easy terms: 25x101;
, growing location; close In. -'„'-
\u25a0 FINE HOME SACRIFICE.
$B.ooo— Splendid 11-room residence; strictly
up-to-date: house cost ?7500 to build;
choice location: offer wanted.
__ FORECLOSURE SALE.
$3,500 — Splendid modern Gothic; 7 rooms; up-
to-date; surrounded by flne homes; short
walk to business center; very easy
GOOD STORE LOCATION.
$l,osO— Corner lot. 50x100; opp. public school;
rapidly - growing neighborhood; North
Oakland. \u25a0
SEE THIS.
$2,9oO— Modern cottage. 6" rooms; bath; base-
ment; attic;- 2 mantels; gas; 46x118;
--•street work • complete; near Telegraph
and 31« th: .*2,000 bank loan; bargain.
EASY PAYMENTS. —
$I,7so— Nice cottage, 5 rooms; bath: uOxlOO;
choice location: J3OO cash; balance as
rent: rents Tl7 50 month.
LAYMANCK REAL ESTATE CO..
.-' 460-4C2 Eighth St., Oakland.
STEWART & BROWN,
878 Broadway.
Piedmont Heights— Piedmont Heights.
\u25a020 nicely located lots In Piedmont Heights;
prices ranging from $15 to $35 per front foot:
these prices include sewer, sidewalks and
street Improvements; call and let us take you
out to see them. -
$2200— Cottage, 4 rooms and bath: this is a
beauty; $SCO down, balance In monthly pay-
ments; every way to get a home.
$3250 — Cottage, 5 rooms and- bath, 7-foot
basement; lot 33x115; new and modern; n»ar
Key Route; east of Telegraph aye.
BARGAIN.
$3350 — A bungalow. 7 rooms and bath; lot
40x130; near Key Route and Grove st. car llry.
$750— Lot 40x100, near Key Route.
$725 — Lot 40x100; near Key. Route.
$500— Cheap lot, 50x100. ;
We have a large list of properties; call
and let us Ehow you what we have before
buying.
$3560 — 7 rooms and bath; new and modern.
. $8750 — S rooms and bath; new and modern.
$4000 — 8 rooms and bath; new and modern.
$4750 — 9 rooms and bath; new and modern,
and all In vicinity of 40th and Telegraph aye.,
near Key Route station.
MOSS TRACT — MOSS TRACT-
MOSS TRACT.
Now Is the time to buy a lot In the Moss
Tract before prices advance; Inside lots. $225;
corners, $250; $25 down, $10 per month; 10 per
cent off for cash; just a few left.
CHAPIN & BOOTH,
, • 60 San Pablo aye./ Oakland.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME i \u25a0
At a great sacrifice; near Broadway and 2Sth
tt. ; 8 rooms, .comprising a reception hall and
a hall paneled and finished In polished pin*,
chandelier' and side lights, opal globes; a
beautiful parlor, tinted walls, cove celling,
frescoed in colors; parlor and alcove ' finished
in- pine; a cheerful dining-room paneled .n
redwood; beam celling, with numerous, electric
lights and elegant chandelier; bay-window,
large clinker brick fireplace; 2 china closets;
a conservatory opens from dining room. ! The
kitchen,' pantry and laundry are complete In
every particular. The four bedrooms and hall
above are. large and sunny, with cove ceilings.
All have closets, two of them of cedar. There
are linen drawers, lockers ari*l fuel gaa In bed-
rooms; also an $S5 bathtub, with shower
bath; lot 40x100, with nice 4awn. This de-
lightful home will, overlook the projected
boulevard; house cannot be built for $7000; let
is worth, sl4oo. They will be sold for less, as
owner, is leaving. Come and see the place and
make us an offer.
Another elegant home at a low price; lot
35x115; 8-room modern house, large sunny
rooms; 2 handsome hand-carved maple man-
tels, all in excellent condition, furnished
throughout, mostly new; sightly location. This
property must, be seen to be appreciated;
value $6000; must be cold; make us an oiler.
A splendid bargain; new 7-room house; lot
65x135; 3 blocks from Key Route, S. P. and
Grove-st. lines; 'for quick sale at $2750.
An excellent: corner for flats; SO feet oa
Grove St.: 122 ft. deep; near Key Route.
CHAPIN & BOOTH,
60 San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
Mr. Martin Benson of Kansas City cap-
tured the Fruitvale lot bargain last week,.
but here" s another chance for you in
.. THIS WIfEK'S SPECIALS.
$2750 — Pretty modern 5-room bungalow with
lot 30x120: near Key Route, depot; in
choice neighborhood; easy terms.
$650u — Elegant modern 0 and 7 room flats:
splendidly located on lot 35x125; cost over
$0000 to build- rents 5720 per. annum
yielding handsome 'net income; reduced
trom • $7250 and appraised by bank at
-. $7000; a gllt-ed_e investment.,
$1350 — Comfortable 5-room cottage on 40-foot
lot. with stable oa Brush St., near 3d;
will rent for Jl5; water front develop-
ments and coming of Western Pacific
Railroad on Third st. making this a
\u25a0 splendid investment, as It will • soon be-
i come rood business property.
BELDEN REAL ESTATE,
1112 Broadway.. Oakland.
R. M. ANTHONY, 422 TENTH ST.
$2250-^Nearly new two-story, house; 8 rooms;
close to electric cars and near local; lot
40x100; street work complete; elevated
site; south front; a real bargain; East
Oakland. ' -
$2150— Modern 2-etory house: 7 rooms; lot 40_
1 100; ' flne view; half block to electric
• ' cars; local station- convenient; street
work done; will cost $2600 to build home
to-day: very cheap; Fruitvale.
$1200— In Berkeley; NW corner lot, 80x135;
' street work done; near University aye.:
fine buildlnjr" site; cheap. *
$5500— Manufacturing site near Southern Pa-
ciflc's freight depot: corner lot, ISUxIOO.
R. M. ANTHONY. .•
422 Tenth tt.. Oakland.
INCOME property will pay 15 per cent clear
per year— slooo cash, $15 monthly; house of
2 flats. ( 6 rooms lower. 5 rooms upper; baths,'
etc.; large barn; Al well .of water, city
• water;, street work well done; cement side-
walk trees ' and flowers ; fine home rite; rone
block to 2 car lines, 5 minutes to local trains;
surrounded by nice homes; school I and
churches; East Oakland; will pay 15 per cent
clear on Investment; lot 60x150; price all
"told ?2250; call or send for circular. 1222
Frultvale aye., half block from station.
•CHA3.;F. LEE, or 455 7th sfc, opp. Broad-
way station, Oakland; carriage free. GEO.
;. H. LEE. - \u25a0 . .•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• •\u25a0'--\u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0--'.'
A BARGAIN. \ \u25a0'\u25a0 -\u25a0 . ,
> $150 cash." $7 50 monthly: cottage;- ' 4 lartre
rooms - pantry, porcn -.and, washroom: sprm*
water* runnlns to . the house ;" barn and I tool-
house; 2 buggy sheds, chicken house; IS young
trees btarlng next; year: grand view of Ala-
meda County ; size, larse comer lot. 140x100,
•not far from: electric \:ars and schools: adjoin-
ing East Oakland: price In. all $1150. Set
HENRY -.JONES, removed .to 458 " 9th St..
between ; Broadway and Washington, Oakland.
$2250— A 'MODERN -cottage "of* 5 rooms: bifilt
. two years sj?o: centrally located; lot 28x140,
'"all street, work done. . ; ..... .-
- $175P— Modern cottaKe of 5 roofhs.-'lot 25x90;
all street work done: rented for $17 per nonih.
$1300— Cottase ' of 6 : rooms; lot .25x133; all
street \u25a0 work done : near. Key route depot ; por-
celnln bath: tanked Act. . .-
.: $11CO— To close estate: cottaee or 4 rooms*
lot 25x95; Twenty-seventh : st.. near Grove.
\u0084...\u25a0 HUGH <M. CAMERON.
• - 1058 Broadway. Oakjand.
FOR SALE — Fin^ business corner. 150x150 ft.-
northeast corner of ,sth aye. ami E. ISth st.
'.' close to - boulevard andrs 'minutes' ride to
Broadway by new Key Tloute line; splendid
• location for auto garage; price until Novem-
ber 1;' $6000* -j " - \u25a0 . \u25a0
-=\u25a0-:: .;B. H. WELCH ft CO..
\u25a0 r Fifth aye. and E. 18th St.. Oakland.
$5750^-Corner etore and. 3. n>ts; Eighth st.;
\u25a0 nets S oer. cent. \u25a0.;.'.•./..
$1,600— Cottage' of 9 rooms and«bath; netsiVo
W. C* FLETCHER. 1754 7th st.. Oakland. Cal.
PARTNER Jor:i offices ; $150 and* services • re-
rv quired.?-? Box 0171, Call, \u25a0 Oakland.
QAXI^OO) ADyERT ? S ? 3I]TS
? OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ._
THE E. P. VANDERCOOX COMPANY,
1016 BROADWAY.
DO YOU WANT PROPERTY? '
;^Cwe hay* choice property in all ****** ot
Oakland and Alameda County, l™ l ™}™*
some very fine ranches In d" l6^-*^ l^,
of California. We can show you any kind
of property you may desire and in many in
stances on terms to suit. Tell us about what
you want by tilling out the attached cou
pon and save much time and annoyance going
over the .round. We have some very ex-
ceptional bargains In pretty hor n,«? * n *"v
around Oakland, which can be sold on ea*>
monthly payments. -
1 WANT A HOME.
.............. . . Location.
" •••••• *•••••* size" c-V'Lotl
"**" * .'"stories and Rooms.
" * * Price"."*
Name.
Address. .
I WANT INCOME PROPERTY.
"••". "kindT"
y?^lncon» per Month.
*•* * Price*"
"Address.
I WANT BUILDING SITE.-
"*""""""" ..-...•.-•••-•• Location.
;"•"•** Size of Lot.
""\u25a0* "' Price* *
Address.
Office 1016 Broadway. Phone OaJUand 255.
Or rooms 209-210 Union Trust bldg.. Market
and Montgomery sts.. San Francisco, Cal.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
I take pleasure In announcing that I have
opened an office at 1004 Union Savings Bank
building, corner of 13th and Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.,' where I will transact a general
brokerage business In .the following lines:
"Real estate bought, sold* and exchanged;
city and country.
Loans negotiated and made; flat, building
or oersonal.
Insurance in all lines and best companies;
fire. life, accident and health, employers'
liability, plate glass and burglar insurance.
Bonds and stocks bought and sold.
s Take cnaree of and make all collections
for firms in any Individual way. In this
department every pains will be taken to in-
crease the trade of the firms or business
houses represented. .
Will alto operate a flrst-class mimeograph
and typewriting department, where circular
letters and folders can be carefully and
neatly prepared for any business or profes-
sion deblred at very moderate rates.
All of the various lines will be classified
Into departments under speelal management,
and will be treated with promptness and
every courtesy.
I hope I shall merit and receive the good-
will of every one and a share at lea«< of
their kind catronasre.
I shall bf pleased to receive a call or
communication from these desiring to sell or
exchange good property at right prices, city
or ccuntry. V will not, however, spend time
'and money In trying to handle off or ill-
priced DroDerties. '
Private parties with money to loan kindly
list with me. You can rest aßsured that
any loan* placed through this office will be
properly and legally don*.
Reference. First National Bank.
THOMAS GILBERT.
1004 Union Savings Bank Buildinr.
13th and Broadway. Oakland. Cat.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
Real Estate. Insurance and Financial Agents,
Tel Oakland 950. 1236 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
'\u25a0-'\u25a0\u25a0 BUNGALOW COTTAGE.
$ISSO^-Brand new, 5 rooms, bath, toilet and
laundry; handsomely decorated: 5 minutes
to K<?y Route station; rented $210 per
annum; $12C0 mortgage.
, VERY CHEAP COTTAGE.
$2250 — Large C-room cottage and bath, flne
\u25a0 basement; all floored ,\could be easily made
into living apartments; 10 minutes to 12th
and Broadway: close to S. P. trains and
new 4th avv. Key Route; now renting at
$240 per annum; frontage of lot _2:tt feet.
101*0
THIS IS UP-TO-DATE. •-. *\u25a0 ' .
$3500— Brand new: 6 large rooms: side en-
\u25a0 trance; extra large veranda: ." bay-win-
dows: elegant view: high terrace; only 6
minutes by car to 12th and Broadway; no
expense soared to make this beautiful.
IMPERIAL HEIGHTS.
Don't fall to look at this beautiful property If
you are looking for a place to build a
home» We willbulld for you from your
own plans or help you to select from
ours. Sptcial Inducements to any.. one de-
sirmK hl_h-class homes. We have a
number of elegant plans and specifications
now In the office, to which we invite ia-
speclon.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
1230 BROADWAY. ' OAKLAND. CAL.
$2750 — COMFORTABLE 6-roomed cottage -with
porcelain bath and all in good condition; lot
j COxlOO; nice garden; fruit trees and drive-
way; vacant now and for rent at $25. 31th
St., east of San Pablo aye.
Corner on Grove and 35th sts. A good buy.
$1500 — Eastlake 5-roomed high basement
cottage, bay-window, bath and foundation;
lot 50x100; sunny side, handy to 40th and
Grove sts.
$19CO T -Nlce 5-roomed cottage, east of San
Pablo aye.: high basement and in flne condi—
\u25a0 Uon; lot 50x100; street work all done; almost
any kind of terms; near San Francisco train
service.
The cheapest northerly corner on all Tele-
graph aye.; will subdivide. :*• '
$21C0 — Store and flat on 7th st.
Bank sale of lots on Apgar. 39th and We«t-
sts.. within 2 blocks of 40th and Grove sts..
Key Route depot; streets complete; new
homes all \u25a0 around; lots 145 ft. deep ' and
CHEAP.
GEO. W. AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
\
KEY ROUTE PARK TRACT.
KEY ROUTE PARK TRACT.
. Adeline and , Thirtieth Street*.
/ Chestnut Street.
Linden Street.
.To-day— To-day — To-day.
Salesman on the . tract from 10 a. m. to 4
p. m. to-day.
Come out and select your lot.
Cheapsst lots tn Oakland close in.
Six sales this week; 3 houses and lots aad 8
lets now being built on.
Four houses now built ready to move into
for Sale at from $2550 to $3250, oa very easy
terms.
Remember the locatioa and come out to-day,
Sunday, October 29.
CHISHOLM & SPENCE.
472 Tenth St.. Oakland, Cal.
BEAUTIFUL NEW COTTAGE.
m-story, 6 rooms: only half block from
Piedmont depot. Key route; Just" finished: largo
reception hall; cozy parlor: -ele_ant dlnlne-*
room, paneled, and large china closet: prettj
mantel and combination fixtures;' i* bedrooms
and bath upper floor; a choice home cheap;
low price and easy ternis.
CHOICE TELEGRAPH-AYE. FRONTAGE. J
90x100 feet, near proposed 22d st. Key route,
line: only $76 50 per foot; ougm to be worth
$100 in six months. - - *•
v «** EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE^
Large lot. 50x1i5) feet: Tenth aye.: modern
cottage; 6 rooms, bath, etc: otily. $30001
ALBERT S. DAY.
REAL ESTATE AND LOANS. «
FIRE INSURANCE .
:-• 1232 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL%* '.
BUSINESS PROPERTY;. WQx5O:
:^ln a place where a goo/i brick, building would
pay : well; sure -to 'increase la ya,lue many,
times: ' \u25a0 , '\u25a0''\u25a0". \u25a0 '.. " '
Fine piece of San ' PaJt>Kv-a~eriue propetty
50x100, for $120 per foot. N-cr." 1379-^3
J. TYRREL. - lOlft Broadway. • •-
Real Estate and Insurance. S_r_ty .Bonds. "•
4 FLATS. 1 year old; medefn-; in fine nisjjhtjflr-
V hood: ' 10 \u25a0 minutes' r waty ; 40 . lhmrteen-ift ana'
\u25a0 Broadway:? income 12 per c"ent; 'aTwajis'.rent-i
<»d: See owner, 525 Twenty-third at. : '-, •
WILL sell beautiful 8-ro<nn .lutuae wfth.new.
"furniture; lot ;50xlC0; all j;o*i -of-" -kit.; • \i ,
•, location; 3 blocks W* f re-ra" -bu^hrees xen'tei- •
Box 6167.? Ca1l office. Oafrlanq. .-.;•-•": .\u25a0-."•;-
$1450 * for - two cottages , bull*" op/jjh'S '-lot*' fti-*
. come " $23 ' per " month : '> close* . to ' Key." v y *
, -BNOWDEN.box 255r©aJjlaaa.." '• ' ;- : ' ."-
ssfiiii§i_S2_H •••• • *\u25a0•\u25a0"'\u25a0\u25a0 •-•-\u25a0' .-
OAKLAND ADYERT ? SgTTsI
OAKLAXP REAL ESTATE. M
SEE IT! SEE IT! SEE IT! . ]
Don't miss a chance like this;, a swell -__» 1
Shakespearean and Swiss designed dwerv
of 7 rooms: beam celling Ja living room '«
• larg**. open fireplace; paneled dlning-nvC: J
} woodwork oa lower floor and in rece tt !nn 9
i hall finished. in flemished oak; 4 aunay »1
I rooms, two beirg front rooms, all finished tn "i
white enameled woodwork; exterior a a .'h I
dark, brown stain with, whlta trimming,- I
large, sunny porch, open lawn, and located I
in the select residence portion of Oa!tjj_i_ 1
Heights, overlooking the Adams tract; brt__ 'i
I for Quick sale S*7sO. ""* \
SVAPS \u25a0 — SNAPS SXAP9.
iUJST BE SOLD NEXT WEEK.
$6500— Elegant house east of Broadway; jj
rooms: bath, heater, etc.; house cost »000
to build; on suany side of street; only 4
blocks from 14th st. depot: a snap; c^
arrange terms of $2000 down; balancj ftt
8 per cent. _
Completely furnished —
$_Go«>— Pretty, cozy, artistic bungalow cottag..
located within 10 minutes' ' walk of tr_i a:
furnished with all new furniture. con»-
• plete: terms $250 down: balance $2^ p^j.
13500— Close to train oa 10th s_: lot 40x13);
house 8 rooms, bath, basement: t^r-u
$1000 down; balance oa flat loan,^ S p» r
j cent. '"•'^.r-'
$4250— Ele_ant new pair of flats of 4 aad 3
rooms each: all large rooms; paneled d!n-
Ing-room; beamed celling-; elegaat el*c-
trlc fixtures: elevated lot; close to 18th
st - la a flne residence location; will rent
for* $47 80 x*r monU> -__---4 T '
" KREI33 Ss HORSWILL,
1070 BROADWAY.
PHONE OAKLAND 4-3.
A BAROAIX. ~ ~YI
Fine modem home, containing- IS rooms %_a
everycoßvenleace; elegant lawns 1 aad ru--
dens- frontage on 3 streets of nearly 500 ft.:
flnesi residence dlstric&la Oa^and; near
home of U. S. Senator Geo. C. Perkins; cost
over $40, COO; to make quick sale, price
$30,000: price Includes carpets.
J. H. MACDON'ALD & CO..
1052 BROADWAY.
CHOICE lots for sale In Rose Park; one block
frcm Key Route statioa; one fare to San
Francisco: Piedmont and Monte Vista ares.
Owner. P. J. KELLER, residence oa the
premises.
$3500— PrettT cottage home, 8 rotnas: laws,
trees, etc.: lot 60x100: ceatral to cars,
and offered at a bargain oa acoouat of de-
parture. Address OWNER. bo_ 6170 Call. <»
Oakland. '
Sifioo WILL buy a new modern house, • rooms,
1 MiSta it* lot 25x120; must be sold at
onceT A. J. TAIT. 1526 Seventh St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
BEKINS VAN AND «TORAa_J CO.. g*a«ral
movers— We have the best warehouse la the
T/est (oaly covered raas «^>-__pON T
MISTAKE THE NUMBER. 1016 Broadway.
Oakland: phone Main 907.
OAKLAXP FUITMSHEP HOUSES.
WALSWORTH aye., 410. first floor— lfew.
modern, perfect home for two; |_5.
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
ADELINE. 950— Artistically furaishe_ saany
flat of 6 rooms and bath; all modern coavenl-
ences; 3 mln-tes to local trains.
OAKLAND nOO.MS A.YD BOARD.
JUST opeaed one of the best, bright.
boarding-houses la Oakland; beautiful Wie-*
over Lake Merritt and the surrounding hl\U:
. come and see. 1308 Madison st. %
OAKLAND FURNITCTIE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains la furniture.
H. Schellhaas. 11th St.. cor, store. Oakland.
San Francisco Advert Vents
->; CHURCH SERVICES.
11 1 ' 1
GRACE Church. California it., corner of
Stockton. Rev. David J. Evans, rector —
Celebration of holy communion, 8 a. m.?
morning service, 11 a. m. : "Te Deum" fes-
tival service In E flat. (Buck): "Jubilate"
la A flat (Gilehrlst) : /offertory, psalm 150 m
(Randeg^er): full cathedral service. 7:45 p.
m. ; service tn D <Illfite); organist aad cholr-
maattr. William H. Holt.
St.' PAUL'S Church. California st.. near Fill- .
raore — Rev. Maxwell Reiny. rector; Rev.
William Renison. assistant. Holy com-
munion, 7:30 a. m. -tcrolnr service anri
sermon, 11 a. m.; preacner, the Right Rev.
W. F. Nichols. D. D.. Bishop of California.
Evening service and sermon. 7 45 o'clock.
TRINITY Church. Bush and Gough sts.— Rev.
Frederick W. Clampett, J>-X>.. rector. Fe*-
' tival service, with special music, at 11 a. m.
Sermon by the rector. Musical service, a
p. m., oratorio, "Redemption" (Gounod).
CALIFORNIA-ST. Methodist Church, corner
California, and Brodertc- sts. The pastor.
Rev. George A. Hough, will preach this .
mornlngr on "A Great Soldier and His Con-
quests." Evenlaj theme, "The Issues of the
Campaign." Special music by flne cftorus 4
choir. Strangers cordially lavlted. Sunday \u25a0
school at 9:45. Ep worth League at 6:30. I
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist EbJsc^l ¥
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan fii*. -
— The sastor. James H. N. William-, 'will
preach at 11 a. m. oa ."Strength for the
Way," and at 7:30 p. m. on "The Digalrj* of
Labor"; a large chorus choir furaishes the
best of music at each service; Mrs. Chester
Narramore will sins at the morning services.
FIRST Congregational Churca, corner Post and
Mason sts. — Rev. Georgo C. Adams. D. P..
pastor, will preach at U a. m.; topic. "Hun.
ger and Thirst After I-g-teousaess." At
T:IZ p. m., the monthly service of song; spe-
cial music by the chair: Samuel D. Mayer,
organist and director; address by the pastor,
topic, "The Fight of Faith." All axe cor-
dlally invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church. Van Ness aye.
and Sacramento st. — Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie. pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and
7:30 p. m. The 'pastor will preach at both
services. Bible-school. 9:45 a, tn. ; Christian
Endeavor, 6:15 P. m.; Wednesday. 8 p. m..
midweek service. Alt are cordially Invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
son and Flllmore streets. Rev. John Hemp-
mill, D.D.. pastor — Morning: service at 11
o'clock; evening service at 7:30 o'clock. Rev^
H. H. Wlntler of Oakland will preach at
both services. Sabbath- school at 9:80 a. m.
Christian Endeavor meeting: at 6:13 p. m.
At the Wednesday evening meeting. Novem-
ber 1, 8 p. m., Mr. Joseph Koshaba, 1 na-
tive Persian, will lecture on "Persia, Its Peo-
ple, Rellsion and Manner of Living." Ha
will appear In native costume, sing a native
sons and give tho Mohammedan call to
prayer. All are cordially Invited.
UNITARIAN Church (First). S.W. cor. Geary
and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford Leavltt.
minister; resideace. 321«t Jackson st. Junior-
church and Sunday school are at 10 o'clock;
Rev. Bradford Leavltt _nd C A. Murdock.
eupta. Sunday service !• at 11 o'clock.
There Is no evening service. Mr. Levitt
will preach: sublet. "Who Are Christf-isi'£
c Special music by quartet, under dlrectk*?\p'
H. Bretherick, organist. All are cor_:i\.y
Invited. - - - • fl
UNITARIAN Church (Secoad). corner Twen- I
tieth aad Capp sts. (take Mission, Va!#w<_ §*
or Howard street car). C Calvert Smoct.
minister; residence 3470 Twentieth st.— sun-
- day-school at C:4- a. m. Morning service at
11 o'clock: sermon # by Rev. Earl M. Wilbur. -
subject. "Tie .Batarla System Applied-
Evening service. 7:45: %ermon by John Ho~- 7^ ;
land Lathrop. subject. . "Joy tn the Presence
of God." Choir rinder the direction of P**"
fc?sor«I«. A. Darling. All cordially invited.
FIRST BapUst Church, 320 Eddy St.— Rev. FV .
E. Morgan will preach Jit 11 a. ro. and 7 W
p. m. Bible «hool c_jets at- l_:30 p. »m..
Mr. A. A. Ma«airda. musical director, «U
" services. C. E. societies* «neet at 6:30 p. m. f
Midweek prayer service. 7:43 p. m. ,We£**" ' •
day. All are invited. Seats, free. , - _,
FIRST New Jerusalem <Swt»(leT}bor_iaa}C!rpri3. m
O'Farrell St.. between .Webafer and •F^-mar*
'—The pastor. Rexr.' William de Rontlen-F O S» .•
will preach at 11 o'alock a. ro. on. "The" On-
veiring of .Truth." Sunday-school *i .**\u25a0*?\u25a0. \u25a0 '
.a. n£ Musical 'recital lecture «t \u25a0%\u25a0** '
p. in.. ' subje'et, "Llyhtcf ' £U are.- cordiaST *,
invited. '..••., \u25a0>\u25a0 . m . _ s
CHRISTIAN Scfence se'rvlce^^FTrst C-orcSt'* : •
-Christ. Scientist. .C«ntr»l -orocOc. So;re? .-
'st.. bey Keahny'st..- and Grvnt aye.. Sen*--**
11 a. m, artd"7:ls-p..-iin: S.atfjncfr.of lesison^er^ •
• mon. "Ada-v and: ' Fallen •Maa:" Sundai'- ;
school "-fpr--" children, .1.1.*. .nr." We<iT-M<3as
evening meetfne- *t--8 o'clock". Free 'readis**;
rooms, .'2o«>'Keaniy 'st-.V-ppOms 1 509-515- ..- ; i > _
_ra. w^lcbn\e: *'•'.'-. -;'- i.*.' \u25a0- ' . . .*'\u25a0•' .' " \u25a0
T»E "i?eoplei'»'ohu_c)*' A^fV-»veTry S*")' l *? •
•". evening At _Vo""ciofcltLv Calumet -pair,- $** .
: .M»n's'.BiiKl>il*_.'.2^«.Ooldes Gato ar«i ;.?«*-••
i. .Jeet thia.eV>?ilngr.- 4 'C!_te.s J -AjSt?';iiifltor. 3tr»"
: Acoa-L.. G+lh3sn.ie» 'CSJ; Van 'Ness aye.- • *
\u25a0AjT-' the. Y.oul»r-:J-e_'.si' Che^ilan--.- "Association. . . '
: ' sla«.in-_rr(i.lJHfe» 9tfe*ts,- -'a' ,rh>eUp< to* rt>**J-
.cUfir -.jfiiv "»« • K'eia. \u25a0ia^^jay; '. VSunfiayV &* '
".: o'c.ljJc'k. - Hrs4 Co:o>.-eT DXirio^-n- of.'"tt)« A.wjP" ' *
'•; ciCri . V W-rite*rs^ m^ll . 'deltyerV.Hhje • \u25a0ad'tTy«_WP ;> •• 1
•• .VT^re-Kertrtntitfon of'Sk.iAney..^; \u25a0\u25a0Svi-^iSfVT ,
-V; sitt.-b^, .icn#; Misaes.-WrlKbt.^niitvPhelpf \u25a0 #A«- * . fi
>;. . cjon'cert, ; .by- Uhe 1 ' Roßspu --orcaestr-, Ali -bxp tj
/.•_i*TU?.Vili^V.t/ .•-\u25a0.\u25a0.•.••:'.\u25a0.•.\u25a0•"••.".'.\u25a0.\u25a0 .:.'.-..: W<^^Cp._^RVjCE»^^jattnnc^U^,
"WORRYING" .wllL I ** .the wibect of the il
o'clock «e— noa at' the Twenty-fourth Street
Chrtetlan Church, and "Peter* Rejection o£
Jeeus" will be dlscuE&cd at 7:SO p.- m. Seats
are free. Sunday-school at 9:45 a. m.. Twen-
ty-fourth street, between Castro and Dia-
_mond. Otto B. Irelan. paator.
BUDDHIST MlssionTBo7~Polk St.— Every Sun-
I <lay. 11 a. m., service* and sermon. To-day
Prof. D. T. Suzuki will epeak on "Buddhist
Conception of God." All are cordially lnvit-
ed. Seat- fsee. •- r \u25a0"•• r -
MKETIXCS — SUNDAY.
JOHN WILSON and C. Lotterlnger will hold a
spiritual meeting, _ and fc, at A. O. F. bldg.,
IU2 O'Faj-rell Et.
HEY. H. VICTOR MORGAN— Covenant Hall,
I. O. O. F. building, to-night, "The Higher
Pplritualtsai."
A— EDWARD EARX.E to-night. 219 Eddy st.;
tests, messages, etc; music, readings. Hlg-
g-.ns Hotel. -<
Spiritual Tcftf. Scottish Hall. S p.m.; Maxwell,
Hovet, Franks. Coakley, Lester. Armstrong,
Coolt.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 10. Gait House.
MRS. HARLAND'S evening test circles. 10c;
J com* early for scats; read, daily. 14S Sixth.
MP.S. L,. H. SILL, clrclei M*><lay, Wed.. Frt.
evening;; readings daily. *7049 A Market ft.
MME. YOUNG. Mrs. Seal, demonstrate epirlt
return to-night; lt>ol Post, cor. Flllm .ore; 10c.
AT Friendship Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; tests «very eve.; 10c; reads dally.
Mm. Eberh_rdt. test meeting to-night, 10c. 207
San Jose aye.. near 25th; readings dally.
W. G. KEDGAN holds a test seance every
eight except Saturday; 10c. 148 Elxth et.
A. J. C. BILL blindfold seance to-night; tests
to all; readings daily. 326 A Ellis st.
MEETl.\GS— lnlremal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophical
Society (Kathcrlne Tlngley, leader and offi-
cial head), San Francisco center, 912 Bush
St.; free public meetings every Sunday, 8
p. — i. The above organisation has no con-
nection with any other so-called Theosophi-
cal bodies In the city.
MEETINGS — THEOSOPHICAL.
THE Theosouhical Society. Academy of Scl-
. ences Hall — Public lecture. 8 p. m., by Miss
J. C. Brodle; subject, "Rounds of Life and
Races of Men."
GOLDEN GATE BRANCH, T. F.— "The Mys-
teries," by Caroline Neilson, I. O. O. F.
bigg., at 6 p. m.
SUNDAY LECTIItES,
Da JOHN A. KERGAN will give a free lec-
ture this evening, 8 o'clock, at Electricians'
Hall. S5 Eddy st. Subject.- "Electricity In
\u25a0 Disease." followed by grand views of a
tour of Ireland and Scotland. Remember the
question box. All are cordially invited to
ettend.
AT Scandla Hall. 161 City Kail aye.. Broth-
•rhood of Atlantis — Free lecture and charac-
ter reading* to-night by Mrs. L. E. 6.
Drew; aubject, 'The Truth That Makes
Free.''
"CCiENCE OF BEING." lecture to-night by
Barah J. Watklns. Subect, "The Practical-
ity of Salvation from All Sin." 1120
Butter, near Polk.
"MENTAL Telepathy"; free lecture, Illue-
t rated by each face. 8 this eve. Van Auk-n
Oxygen Institute. 004 Van Ness aye.
GRAND rally. Socialist party. Alhambra The-
ater. Thursday. Nov. 2. S p. m. ; good mu-
sic; five taznous orators; FREE. '_ '. -;7
MISS FRANCES E. SPEYER, Golden Gate
Hall. 8 p. m. Subject. "Zoroaster." Ad-
mission 25c.
FREE Thought Assn.. 161 City Hall aye,. 'i
p. — ... "Is Race Suicide Harmful?" Stran-
gers welcome. ..-.-r» --.
VEL'AXTA Society — Swami's last lecture to-
nlcht at 8. "Divine Love," at 40 Stelner ;' 2sc.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and
«A. M. — The officers and members wA<
of the above-named lodge are hereby /W\
notified to attend the- funeral of *
•Brother J. W. SCHAUFF. late a mem-
ber of Columbus Lodfrr No. M, F. and A.
M.. Ohio, in King Solomon's Hall, Masonic
Temple THIS DAY (SUNDAY). Oc* 29, at
• 'X p. m. Master Masons ana friends of the
deceased are invited.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secy.
_£DGE Franco-American No. 207, •VWVfiSfc.
I. O. O. I". — Officers and m^;n-.-^J^irA;-«-&
rm are requested to at:cr:d ' he-2^fe§*SS|s?
funerals of our late brother* , "^f/X^^
L. A. STRAUS and EMILE GIRARD. frcm
I. O. O. F Hall. SUNDAY, at 1 o'clock
• eharp. PH. MAURY. N. G.
L. L- REMY, Secretary-
MOIJIiRN Woodmen of America — wrs«7
- Goodrelloufhip Camp 9C33. M. T*<T
\V. ct A., meets every MONDAY LNA
MGHT at Electricians' Hall. S5 !«/»
. Kddy ft., city. >».L/
C. E. LEITHEAD. V. C.
W. J. ELLIOTT. Clerk; office, room 1109
James Klcxid building.
HARMONY L. O. L. No. 127 meet*
in Red Men's Hall, 220 Golden j*<.
Gate aye.. first and third FRIDAYS .-^V 1
monthly. Rr?*iS
G. A. McKAY. W. M. ' \\ •
AN entertainment and ball will b; fLs>
given by the Loyal Orange Lodges JSCJ
of San Francisco on MONDAY /K~KcX
EVENING, Nov. «. at s o'clock. WKf*^»l
Friends of the order are cordiaVy w_^j»»a
invited. Dancing at 9 o'clock. Admission 25c
C-OMMITTEE.
THE orficere and members of Local 64. I. U.
J= E. are hereby notified to assemble at 120
C'lji-itll Bt.. SUNDAY AFTERNOON, Oc-
tober 29, at 1 < 'clock sharp, to attend 'le
funeral o? our lat-j Lrctner, L. M. CHAND-
Ier:
CLARK C. EPADFORD. Ket.. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from Landecker Gold Mining Compcn;
In Landecker mine, near Placervllle, El-
dorado County, Cal.. draining Into Webber
Creek, which <sralr 8 into south fork Ameri-
can River; from Henry N. Lake and E. H.
MIUs. in Bear Flat mine, near Kelsey. El-
<soraflo County. Cal.. draining Into Bear Flat
Canyon, which" drains into Rock Creek, gives
notice that a meeting to receive any pro-
tests will beTield at room 68, Flood building,
Pan Francisco. Cal.. November C, 1905. at
1 :"i> p. m.
ATTOttNEYS-ATiLAW.
DIVORCE; costs $12; quick, quiet; advice
. free; no fee in advance; no charge unless
•uccersful; open evenings: wills. deeds.
leases, bills of eale and articles of copart-
nership carefully prepared; corporations or-
ganized: bankruptcy; collections; probating
of *ttates; general office and court practice
In State and UnHeS States courts. 827 Mar-
ket, r. 201. Offlce hour*. 8 a. m. to 10 p. m.
' A DIVORCE— QUICK and QUIET.
NO PAY ur.til granted.
Pee me- and save money. Advice Free.
Established 22 years. Detectives employed.
I LEAD — Others Follow.
G. W. HOWE.
1122 Market *t.. bet. Mason end Taylor.
X W KING Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
€th floor, entrance room 611: established 20
yars: cIJI courts, eeneral courts and offlce
practice: no fee In advance or for consulta-
tion ; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
ADVICE free, all lecal matters.
No charce unless successful.
No advance fees.
All law business. Established 20 years.
Examiner building, room 316. third floor.
AI'VICE free; legal divorce costs $12; all law
c*ee« handled: no fee In advance: open Sat-
urday evening*: other evenings by appolnt-
tnent; call and gave money. £19 Mkt.. r. 33.
t. 8 CLARK, 927 Market, room 302. consulta-
tlan free; no fee in advance. Open evening*.
COMPLETE divorce for $20 by able young at-
torney. Ad. EDWARDS, lock box 422. city.
AGENTS WANTED.
a"pERM ANENT BUSINESS OFFER. $50 to
$150 per week POSITIVE; men and women
wanted everywhere to operate sales parlors
for the BEST ladies' and gents' dress shoe
known; 10 original sight-selling health end
'comfort feature*; factory to consumer; prcvi- j
ous experience unnecessary; profit possibili-
ties unlimited: NO RISK: reply quick. W. A;
WRIGHT & CO.. 1233 Broadway. Oakland. •
810 money In «quabs; cheaply raised In only
4 weeks; cell for fancy prices: wonderful
market- write for free book and learn th's
j-irh industry- PLYMOUTH ROCK SQUAB
CO.. I£2 Howard «t.. Mcl roue. Mass.
KREE sample — Agents, canvassers, $2 SO to
$7 dally; easy; household necessity; new,
novel; no competition; 140 per cent profit;
write quick. McKNIGHT. 333 Walnut et..
Itilladflphia.
UK'S, women, cell best thing out; big profits;
jipr— anent business; gross of goods easily
carried In pocket. G. & O. MFO. CO., 22
glk rt., Racine. TVls.
WE pay $36 a week and expenses to men with
rigs to introduce poultry compound; year's
contract. Imperial Mfg. Co., Dept. 54, Par-
sons, Kane.
PICTURE agents; best proposition ever of-
fered; men or women. 702 OTarrell at.
t-VDY solicitors for real estate. Box 1325,
Call office.
* •' •; ADOPTION. •...';
WAITED- ftome for intellle:ent boy. 11 years
. of tige; will give papers of adoption it satis-
' factory. Box 1278. Call.'
; _!_.,._. V.' ASTHMA CURE.
A. DI NOLA'S asthma remedy cures: for sale
by nil druggUta: main depot 1602 Market
si, St. Nicholas Hotel; 10c,.25c. &0c postage.
AUTOMOBILES.
SNAP.. $2^5, "Mobile" runabout. . practically
new. $1"5 extra equipment; must go tbis
week. "Pierce" Stanhope, with top, excel-
lent condition throughout $700. 'Cfi "Ford."
used 2 months, $725. '04 "White" touring
car, in fine shape. $050. Model A "Cadillac."-
\u25a0 good order; snap; $375. "Rambler" ton-,
neaAi. perfect condition, $425. R. H. MOR-
RIS. C 75 Thirty-sixth; st.. Oakland.
$500 — OLDSMOBILE; guaranteed In good con-
dition; carries 5 anywnere; makes fine busi-
ness rig without tonneau: demonstration
given. Call 8415 Washington St., or address
box 322. Frultvale. Cal.
AUTOMOBILE bargain — 30 HP. Steams tour-
Ing car, 1904 model: cost $3100; will sell for
$1000 cash. f. o. b. Los Angeles. C. W. SAH-
LAND. 400 So. Los Angeles st.. Los An-
releg. Cal.
FOR 6ale-r?0CO: a $1500 'C 5 Fide entrance 20-
HP. Oldsmoblle touring car; used 1 month.
WRIGHT. CO7 J ft.. Sacramento^ __"
FOR expert repairs and supplies call on THE
FRUITVALE GARAGE CO.
FORTY bnrgair.s In automobiles at E. MOH-
RIG. 123 City Hall aye. ___—_—_———
__^JBO^IUVIXGJPORJCHILDREN.
LADY wants to take care of little girl aged 2 |
* to 1 years; nice home; garden; no other chil-
dren; terms reasonable. Address : box 61, '
Banta Clara. Cal. V
PERFECT care will be given to a few Infants;
815 a month. MRS. KHODA KARSTAD*.
6801 Mac Call st., Oakland. '
LADY wants child to board and teach Ger-
man: sunny home: garden: mother's care;
near Jefferson Park. 1138 Turk.
WIDOW wishes to take a couple of children
to board. 301Gt£ Sixteenth st.
LADY wants two children for board. BS2
Geary.
LADY with no children wishes one baby (not
too young) to board. Box 1248. Call.
BICYCLES. \
J905 LADIES' Columbia: used six weeks; $25;
l*JO5 Rambler tricycle, good as new, $35." «75
Thirty-sixth St., Oakland. '
ALL kinds second-hand bicycles bought, sold
and exchanged. J. W. FRY. 1826 Polk st.
BU3INESS CHANCES.
A ROADHOUSE with large grounds, across
the bay; established many years; with prop-
' erty $8000; or owner will sell saloon alone
for $1200 and give 5 years' lease; a very
rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 2tS}* Kear-
ny st.
A $1200; SALOON and sailors' boarding-house
en water front; 10 furnished rooms, kitchen,
etc.; rent $45; long established and good pay-
lng. Call R. Q. WILKE. 26Va Kearny st.
A— s3so; OYSTER and chop house; on water
front; rent $25; good place; established years.
See «. Q. WILKE, 26V& Kearny st.
A— s6ooo: HAMMAN bath, the most popular
and most central located in S. F. : large pat-
ronage of best class customers; clears above
$300 a month; lease. See R. G. WILKE. 2B&
Kearny Bt.
A— s9oo; OYSTER and chop house; the very
best location In this city; a flrst-class paying
business; owner compelled to sell account of
sickness. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— s4soo: CORNER barroom; close to Chronicle
building; place established many years; lately
renovated; elegant fixtures; large stock; sick-
ness of owner only cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny Et.
A— s2ooo; SALOON on water front; lease; 14
furnished rooms; a good paying buelnesi; no
better location; disagreement of partners
cause cf sale. R. G. WILKE. 26& Kearny.
A SPLENDIDLY located saloon; close to Mills
building; mercantile lunch; net rent ?60;
lease; a fine chance; investigate, you will
buy. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1000; SALOON on Fourth Et., close to
Market; an excellent location; good business;
mutt sell at once; other business calls him to
yhe country. . R. G. WILKE. 2B& Kearny at.
OLD established bakeVy in Western Addition;
large etore trade; bake 6 barrels a day:
owner engaged in other business only causa
of eale. Call R." G. WILKE, 26V> Kearny gt.
$100,cro PROFIT in five years on an invest-
ment of $2500 in the manufacture of a new
and valuable article. For full particulars
I cail on
I \u25a0- MARION GRIFFIN.
Room SOl, Jamea Flood bldg., San Francisco.
$2500 — AT Goldfleld. Nev., ealoon and restau-
rant, with lot 40x150. at depot, for sale, and
rented $160 per month; arso house of 3 ro*ms
for $400. rented $25 month; this will bear
investigation; the owner is in Oakland, sick,
under care of physician; will exchange lor
house and lot. THE ALDEN CO., 1233
Broadway, Oakland.
FOH salt— The- plumbing business of JOHN P.
CULLEY. located for the last 24 years at 23
Seventh st.; good stock and fine trade.
FOR pale — Wholesale candy factory doing a
business of ?20,<X>0 a year; owners want to
retire account other business. Address B. D.
C, box 12S&. Call offlce.
FOR sale — Newspaper in town of 4000; every-
thing first class; established six years; will
be sold cheap. Box 12&4. Call office. •
FOR rent — Photo studio rooms; new and mod-
ern- best town in California. Addrees M. P.
W. ALBEE. Berkeley. Cal. "
i $250 WILL clear $100 per week In light manu-
facturing business- experience unnecessary;
no broker need apply. Sox 1043. Call.
FINE chance; good paying millinery: well es-
tablished; living rooms; bargain at $500. 413
Fourth rt.
— —* >— — — » »— ''nx'.i'- --'\u25a0'\u25a0 ' -•» gl .i t l ' >ki^i'~a— ~r~t
BKA.NCH bakery, with fixtures for restaurant;
rent f!5. Inquire 1745 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS vaudeville house for rent; run-
nlng now and paying well. Box 1337. Call.
YOUR law business for one year for $10; com-
petent, rellable^aUsfactory : _Boxl2B7^Ca!l.
A — RESTAURANT; on account of sickness;
must tell at once; price $350. 1389 Folsom.
A— SHOE repairing; good shop: cheap; living
rooms; low expenses. 942 McAllister st.
FOR sale — Cheap; job printing material. 826
Montgomery et., room 1.
SALOON for sale. Call at 13 East St., clos*
to Market. _\ _'
SNAP — $25 will buy offlce furn.; oak, roll-top
desk, chairs', carpet, etc. R. 203. 927 Market.
A MAN of ability and experience In handling a
ra-Amill to invest $10,000 in a company or-
ganizing to take over coast sawmill about 1
year old; absolutely safe and 8 per cent guar-
anteed; good salary to right man. Address
box 4CS6. Call office.
1300 — DELICATESSEN and grocery store: rem.
$15; living rooms; good trade. National t%.
E. Co.. 1027% Market Bt.. room 2.
$500— RESTAURANT; trade $20 to $25 day; 3
private boxes; cash register, etc.; sickness
cause of sale. Apply 1027V4 Market St.. r. 2.
NEAT saloon with fine stock liquors and cigar
; stand; owner going to Europe; good oppor-
tunity for right man. Inquire of BRUNS-
ING. TOLLE & POSTEL, Inc., 512 Front.
WANTED— Partner with small capital and ex-
perience in a laundry with all modern equip-
ment; complete electric machinery and good
trade. Address VERRA & DAMASCUS. 7C4
Howard st.
A NUMBER of energetic, well-educated young
business men. who have had experience writ-
Ing insurance, are wanted in a business
where such training is valuable; no capital
required. Box 10t«2. Call. \u25a0
A CHANCE for gentleman or lady of means
to share In profits with present owners of en
terprise which will net big returns; prin-
cipals only. Box 1250. Call.
|300— PARTNER wanted In light business,
suited to plain, steady man'eatisfied with $18
to $35 a week: trial given; no experience re-
quired; short hours.' 759 Market St., room 8.
A GOOD-paying ealoon, centrally located on
, Market Bt.. to be sold on account of death
in the family. For particulars address Box
1242. Call office,
FINE saloon, 17 well-furnished rooms;- all
rented; long lease; must be sold at once.
Inquire LEMLE. LEVY CO.. »>6B Mission.
GROCERY and bar cheap: north of Market
et.; account owner having other business.'
Apply E. A. FARGO CO.. Front st.
RESTAURANT for sale, completely furnlehed;
a bargain; call Immediately on premises.
11S9 Oak st. v. - > .--
FOR sale — Grocery and notion store;, cl^ai
stand, with 5 living rooms adjoining. GER-
SON & UAER. 53a Market st. ,
FINE candy and icecream parlor, with factory;
good fixtures; large trade; must sell. Bo>
1232. Call offlce. '
SALOON — First class, with living apartments^
long lease; lew rent; a bargain.. Apply 3030
Fulton st. '. ; " ' " '
GOOD oyster bouse for saie reasonable, at
once; long lease; established several years,
opposite new pest office. 60 Seventh st.
<;.,<\u25a0; -THE £ SAN v: HRANCISGO GALL/ SUNDAY/' I OCTOBER' 29/ 1905;
" BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
CONRAD & GILL. .
' Established 15 r years. < 413& Kearny ; \u25a0_-.\u25a0.-
Lodging houses/hotels and flats a specialty:
if your business Is for sale place It with us;
we make sales; we buy, sell and exchange your
.business no matter where > located.
Thousands ' of : opportunities, « all '.kinds and
prices; here are but a f^w of our many bar-
gains: '
Grocery and bar, good location ........ . $1250
Half interest. in good paying 5a100n...... $500
One-third interest In paying office bus... $550
Candy store, clears $125 month.... • $370
$750— Cigar stand on Ma>rket St.; good loca-
tion; rent $50; receipts $20; between' 4 theaters;
cause c: sale other business. -
• $175— Barber shop, 2 chairs; good- steady
trade; good location; worth $250; cause of sale
l>arty leaving town. CONRAD & GILL.
$900 — Oyster-house; splendid location; rent
$47; receipts $25; 3 years' lease; cause of sale
sickness. CONRAD & GILL.
$000 — Half Interest, .grocery and bar; good
location; rent $30; 4 years' lease; receipts ?45;
only with CONRAD & GILL.
$250 — Knife rack 'and novelty shooting gal-
lery good stock of knives and jewelry; this is
a bargain. CONRAD & GILL.
$-n<X) — cigar stand; good location on Kearny
st.; rent $40; receipts $14; cash register, show
case: cause of, sale owner going East." --V ' "
$375 — Restaurant; good location; 5 years'
lease; rent $25; receipts $18; cause of sale do-
mestic trovbles. CONRAD & GILL.
$3000— Saloon on Market st.; receipts $60;
stock will invoice price asked; cause of saje
disagreement of partners. CONRAD & GILL?
We have a splendid opportunity for man or
woman to open employment offlce; no experi-
ence necessary. CONRAD & GILL. '
LIVE HOTEL MEN. HERE IS A CHANCE, j
The only hotel In West Auburn. Placer Coun- j
ty, Cal., was recently burned down; now there
Is a great opening for a live man to start up a
new business; to the right kind of a man lib-
eral assistance would be given by the citizens;
we have also very choice city lots, houses and
country properties for sale. For particulars
send stamp to W. J. McCANN, chairman Ways
and Means, Placer County Development asso-
clatlon. East Auburn. Cal. •
RESORT- FOR RENT.
The well-known MIRABEL PARK RANCH
and VILLA. Villa partly furnished and
equipped for summer boarders; prefer to rent
for term of years; immediate possession
given. A money-maker for a wideawake
man; references required." Address F. BUT-
LER, Forestville, Cal., or inquire at Forest -
vlUe P. O. -j \u25a0
WE want reliable representatives In every
part of the United States to handle our
typewriter ribbons; but little capital is need-
ed and if you are a hustler you can make
big money. Write us at once. Verona Rlb-
bon Company. Battle Creek, Mich. •
$250 — MUST be cold on account of sickness, by
first of month, dairy of " cows, horse and
wagon and route clearing $00 per month;
cash fICO, balance $25 per month. Inquire
at Bulletin Employment office, 510 Pine
st.. city. - - . .-
GOOD dairy business in Berkeley; 2% acres
cf land- 5 cows, horse and wagon; good milk
route; nice cottage of 4 rooms; 2 incubators;
all necessary npplianccs; rent only $11.
• EITEL & CARROLL. '
BLUE book on patents and list "What to In-
vent." free to any addreis; patenu secured
or fee returned. GEO. S VASHON & CO.,
97S F «t.. Washington, p. C.
$250— PARTNER wanted in i_n old established
cash business with a man o\ good standing
and reputation; sure profit of 500 a month to
each. 632 Market St.. room 6.
$600— PARTNER in an established business*
clearing over. $150 montnly to each; fine
proposition to good, reliable man. Box 1209,
Call office. I '
AN elegant corner location | for a grocery and
bar- in Western Addition; good lease can be
had. Apply A. J. RICH & CO., 112 Mont-
gomery st. j
WORKING partner wanted in an up-to-date
ealoon on Lower California st., doing a good
business. Box 1272, Call offlce. \u25a0
TO rent— Restaurant, furnished, cheap; to suit-
able parties. For further information, Bay
Shore Hotel on San Bruno aye. '
BRANCH bakery and variety; established 14
years; owner to retire; a snap; rent $15.
ISI2 Dupont st. :
NEWSPAPER route for sale in Oakland; a
• good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business offlce for particulars.
$ICSO— BAKERY; a bargain; store trade; rent
$27 60: 4 living rooms. 2120 Mission st.
3 COWS and 30 customers for sale. ' Inquire
• Fi\-e-Mlle House. San Bruno road.
GROCERY, wlce. liquor and fruit store for
sale; reas.; good business. 3CO Davlsadfro st.
$250 — A PARTY to join me in a saloon, luncn
and rooming-house; big profit. 310 Folgom gt.
FOR S ALE— Bakery and coffee \ parlor; best
location in town. Box 1216. Call offlce. ;.
GOOD Call route for sale. Apply at Call
office.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the .-recep-
tion of advertisements ani subscriptions has
been opened at TJf-8 Market st., opposite
Fifth. Open until Jl p: m. '
BOOKKEEPING.
LET us keep your books; nothing too large,
. nt thing too small; we* make a specialty of
keeping small sets of books.
THE FAXON-JAMES AUDIT CO..
Tel. Montgomery 1311. 030 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
8 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business chances.
25 elegantly furnished rooms; fine central
location: building and furniture only one
year old: all full of mt|t roomers: owner
leaving city.
30 sunny rooms. .KW. corner building; good
furniture and carpets; all full and paying
over $150 per month; sickness; price $2GOO.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FISHER & CO Phone Main 3354
Room 438, James Flood building, t
Furnished roomlng-houseg. hotels and flats.
ROOMING-HOUSE 14 furnished rooms; good
bargain. 011% Mission st.. near Fifth.
I VERY cheap; 10 rooms, bath; sunny yard;
rooms all rented." 817 Post st.
$425 — 12 ROOMS; rent $40; clears $40; steady
roomers. 784% Harrison St., nr. Fourth.
17-ROOM house, well furn.: rent $45: single
and housekeeping; must rMI. 617 Turk st.
$225 — 9 ROOMS; fine location; all full; clears
net: bargain. Inquire 238 Sixth st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
10 pag«»s. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
'CAItFET-BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for donning carpets on floor without, remov-
al; carpet and rugs also cleaned by com-
pressed air at shop; prices moderate. S. F.
Compressed Air Cleaning Company. ;U)8 Mar-
ket fct.; phone Main 152 and Bush 479.
\VHEN v you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet-Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO. ;- phone Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co., J. McQueen
proprietor. 32.0 Guerrero rt. ; tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tei. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— Flrst-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. . Tel. Mission 74. .
P.UDOIJPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 263
LACE CURTAINS AN/> BLAJVKETS.
BRANDTS yew York Curtain House: most
complete plant for cleaning lace curtains and
blankets.. 1324 Flllm ore; phone West 530 G.
-j CHIROPODISTS.^ n -T~
CORNS, bunions, warts and ingrowing, nails
removed without pain. DR. A. J. BUR-
BANK, surgeon chiropodist, 850 Mkt., .r. ; 14.
DR. EINFELDT. 1104 Market st:. room 10, re-
moves corns, bunions, by electricity; no pain.
COLLECTION' OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
\u25a0 city or country. Paclflo Collection Co.,* 415
Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 8580.
dentists.
drexleiTpainless"^en.tal company?
Perfect • painless dentistry ; at -lowest - prices. ,
Full set of teeth, 's2; sliver fillings, 25c; gold
fillings. $1; gold crowns, $3;, bridge work. $3.
1104 Market St.. corner Turk. ': \u25a0-.:\u25a0\u25a0>.
A NEW plate — The -Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ;\u25a0 "crown*. $3 50; fillings, f>0o;-
plates, , $6 ; :- full - set; i all 1 work - painless . and
warranted. Chicago Dental' Parlors,' 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, near 11th— .
No s charge for ; extracting -.when v plates s are :
made; old -plates-made over like 'new: -teeth
from $8 per. set; extracting 60c; gas given.
LOWEST - prices ;in B.\ F. : ' painless extraction, .
50c. New York Dentists, 969 Mlsßlon, cor. Oth
DR. J. E.,, YOUNG. ; dentist,'; removed to 406
Sutter -St.; . rooms \7 „\u25a0 and- 8. ..,\u25a0\u25a0' ' ;
GOLD fillings/. 7sc;! silver •' 35c; 'crowns,' $2, no
pain; : op.; Sun. ' Dr.A.C.Hewitt,lol% Grant ay.
."-\u25a0 \u25a0-.- --." . .--.• •• - *:- ' "." ': :\u25a0
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ATTENTION. 1
PROF. LIVINGSTONE. - - •
: , The astonishing mystic. ' \u25a0• . .' \u25a0" - '•
The occult wonder of two continents.
Oldest established.
Best known - clairvoyant in California.
In fact, three years of contlnuoas work in
San Francisco and a clientage of thousands
ought to fix a man's standard,; and it does.
Readings reduced this week.
Call to-day — Bring this ad. \u25a0
F.Oc - 50c :
60c — 50c— No More. \u25a0 No Less — 50c— 600 .
50c .\u25a0 r : 50c . :.' -
Do you need sound advice, relief from a
"^troubled mind, that you -may meet with suc-
•cess? \ : . . \u25a0•\u25a0 •.-•'•--\u25a0.. \u25a0 • ; '-..-. ' ;
Are you in doubt about an investment?
Have you a domestic trouble?
Are you about to take a journey?'
Have you enemies you do not know and
friends whom you doubt? . • \u25a0 -_
It is not necessary he should acquaint you
with large- ami misleading advertisements.
His work is in the open light, true and new
thought. That you ; may have happiness let
Prof. Livingstone analyze your troubles and
suggest the remedy. From him you will hear
the truth, be It good or bad; and," further, he
positively refuses to accept one - penny, if
same is not perfectly satisfactory, : the same
: being left to your, judgment whether he has
done all he claims and advertises to do.
His only reason* for calling you . by your
name and what you can call for — Is Incidental}'
as a chain to read by. .
Located 26 2 Kearny st. Hours 10 to S.
LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT.
Hf» has for six years shown the people of
this city that his power, honesty and truthful-
ness are beyond doubt. No matter how much
you may have been humbugged In the past
you will' receive nothing from Mr. Lincoln
but the truth. He does -not claim that he can
accomplish everything, but his record In San
Franolsco proves his superiority over all others
in his profession. -To those In trouble Mr.
Lincoln will give advice and help and 'one in-
terview will prove to you that his statements
are not exaggerated. (Readings by mall, six
questions, 52.) Hours. 10 to 0. 3(W OTar-
THE ORIENTAL SEER.
TRANCE MEDIUM.
SCIENTIFIC PALMIST.
After you have? read all the big advertise-
ments of wonders, wizards, consult CASH-
MERE, the real Hindoo lady, born in Bombay:-
natural-born prophet; greatest adviser on busi-
ness end health; no equal; your name and
what you called for; secret power to Influence
in 3 to 21 days.
Scltr.tlfic palmist and clairvoyant; all ques-
tions of life revealed; advises you whether or
pot you will be successful In love, marrlaK?.
business.
Special Offer for One Week Only.
50c. 50c. • 50c. 60c.
1015 Market st. New Arlington.
STANDING CHALLENGE:
$10,00O— FOR HIS EQUAL— SIO,OOO
"bT. GEORGE ORMONDE."
YogM Initiate Oriental Clairvoyant.
PSYCHIC PALMIST MYSTIC HEALER.
Egyptian Astral Dead Trance Medium.'
A phenomenal $5 -mental reading for $1. Tell
you moro than all others combined ;~how to
overcome sickness, drinU or w^ak habits, ene-
mies, spells, lost vitality, bad luck; find treas-
ures, valuable, mines: marry your choice; re-
store, lost love; secure secret powers of con-
trol; reunites separated; Implants business suc-
cess. Reading by mall J2.
1031 Market st.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis St..
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, can be consulted on
all affairs of life; Miss WUle guarantees, an \u25a0
honest; reliable, satisfactory reading; reveals
the past: gives correct rorecast of your fu-
ture; advises you on Important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;",
gives the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading. $1; hours
\u25a0 10-8 p. m.; French. German. English apoken.-
'.", ''. M ,".''.' '!' LINCOLN.. ' \u25a0••\u25a0' - ; -
Clairvoyant and psychic; the oldest and best
known clairvoyant in Han Francisco. Re-
opened at 36S O' Fan-ell st. -Hours 10 to 5.
Readings by mail. $2. ' ' • ' ' " . -
GIFTED clairvoyant and card reader Just ar-
rived from Europe; call and be "convinced
of -what can. be done for you. No. 531%
Mlnr.a gt. '\u25a0 --- '-
MISS ZEIIDAR, young, gifted clalr. & palm.,
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names 50c, $1. 1035 Flllmore. nr. McAllister.
MME. KRONEN'BERG. clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist; when others fall try me; good
reading 25c; no sign. 102^ Cth. nr. Mission.
MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice *glven on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guar.; 25c up. 17 3d. next Examiner bids.
MME ROBERTS, Clairvoyant, scientific j*lm-
lst: gives facts, dates. The Metropole, 0 Turk.
MME. MAY. clairvoyant, card reader, palm-
ist; 3832 ISth.- nr. Sanchez; lir's after 1; 50c.
MME. WARD. 1153 Market St.. above 7th—
Clairvoyant gives names, dates and facts.
MLLE< ORIGTTA. 121*8 Market— Public bllnd-
foldert tests 3 p. m. daily: reading gl.-
ISMAR win return to San Francisco and be in
her offlce by Sunday. November 5.
MRS -SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed from 108 Sixth st. to 054 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM. ' -
COME to the great Hindoo Doctor's if. you
have rheumatism, paralysis, kidney and
Ptomach trouble; he will cure you when oth-
ers fall; half-price this week only. 120« Mar-
ket st.. rcom 40. \u25a0 \u25a0
MRS KONOLD, 'I4B Sixth St., circle to-night;
ladies' circle Wed.. 2:30, 10c; also reliable
readings, 25c: consult me after trying others.
A— MRS J J. WHITNEY, bus. medium und
life reader^ 1200 Market, r. 10. Gait House.
CLAIRVOYANT spiritual life reading. 25c up;
hours ' U-fl. \u25a0 Mme. Eilersflcken, 5?,0 Turk st.
MRS E J. WILLIAMS, spiritual adviser; none
equals hor In city. 110 Sixth St.. room 8.
MME. LUCRETI A— Circles every evening, 10c
148 Sixth st.. room 1; hours 10 to 5.
MRS. HUBBARD. 1 00 Oak St., snlrltual med-
ium: consultation dally. T \u25a0
EARLE*S seance Sun., Wed.. 210 Eddy St.;
reading?. ' Hotel Hlgglns. O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
X RETURNED, .H. Jerome Fosselll.- scientific
palmist. 612 Mason, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5608
MADAME DEVAS, palmist ' and astrologer..
231 Post st. :, hours 10-5 and Tuesday evc'gs..
i »~— ~— \u25a0 ~~~~* ' ' "**————* -—~* ™~— " ~— —
HYPNOTISM. .;
DE LAUFF, magnetist." 709 Bush," 1-5, .7-8;
nervous, mental* ills; :habits cured; no drugs.
CURE FOR RUPTURE.
DR. ' PIERCE' S Magnetic Elastic Truss; per-
fect retainer; positive cure; book free. Re-
' moved to 206 Kearny st.. room 307. ' .
« ...,'. \u25a0 .'..'\u25a0
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
KEISTER'S Ladies' Tailoring College gives
pujflls the most thorough ' course •In : ladles'
tailoring and dressmaking; make; your new:
' suits' under exports and have .two 'suits: for
the price of one; our. system of cutting the
most simple and accurate; draughting from
actual measurements. 12S1' Market, st.. Ma-
jestic "building, t . , -.••; -.'-\u25a0.;.
r- \u25a0 <\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 McDOWELL DRESSMAKING-, • - ".• \u25a0'
\u25a0 ,', :J.: J. AND MILLINERY SCHOOL. J -* V
Leading .system of. dresscuttlng; ev'ng class.'
Leading: pattern rooms;, patterns to measure.
Leading 1 course > In \u25a0 millinery;, hats to order.
. Donohue building,' 1190 Market' at. <: *- " :
STE W A RT' S I Lining, I Pleating and Buttonhole
-Factory of 110, Taylor -»t. will remove-to 14
\u0084 : and ' 16 .Taylor st. about : Octobe r, I.' y.- -.;. •..-Qff:^
MRS.' "> ESTES, fashionable -'dressmaking, : : St.-
%> Kathryn Hotel. v 4Bo ; Ellin: : tel.> East 1350. .--;;,
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery. School
H — Eve.iClass: patterns = cut. I 11W1 Mnrket «t.
•t. ;'.-:' ;"EpUCATIONAI_ • :"/;' :./--.
A— THE ' Lyceum; •' an ; excellent , preparatory
~ school *; for * university, v ; law 1 and * medical • col-
:iegee; we prepared hundreds of students sue-
'\u25a0' cessf ully . and ' we \u25a0 shal 171 7 prepare \- you ; i* day,'
: Evening = session; \ references \ President ; Jordan
\u25a0- or i any Stanford : professor. ; Phelan ' building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH > BUS.COL.V 833 Market.
, conducted ,-i by J Robt.V:. F.v Gallagher, ;• expert
V court \u25a0 reporter. 1 holds world's record i for : short-
: f ; hand ..writing; successful . himself, ; will; make
.' :you so; shorthand, typing, kookpg. Catalogue.,
KtAS' who ! desire { good f positions ; should - attend
r-this , college;? we have - had .250 good ; places
'' since March . 1 ; - San Francisco Business • Col-
lego, ,738 ' Mission et. • \u25a0 ' ;.-—^SS^ggßttl
•* ; ' CPTTCATIOTCAIj— Conf timed.^ : j •
THE Paul ' Gerson School" of \u25a0- Acting; the largest
institution -devoted ; exclusively to dramatic
\u25a0V learning -"America; t positions guaranteed.
- Send for - catalogue. ' Native ; Sons' bulldinjf.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering,. 24
Poet ! St., S. F.;, civil, mining, electrical, s:eara
and gas engineering.. Send -for prospectus.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 21 Post 'st.
Established : 1803; largest in the West; ; annual
; enrollment 10CO; send for circular.
! ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve; est. 1864. : Van
der Nalllen School.. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING. Ems., math., etc., day and
eve.; individual . lnstr .305 Larkin st. Prof.
.'IT. A. Robinson, formerly pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
DANCING, both adult and children's classes,
\u25a0 now open at Hinman'B School of Dancing, 1412
Polk St., nr. California; phone East 2123.
PROFESSIONAL singer offers lessons of sing-
ing (Italian method) for a furnished room
\ with Catholic family. Box 1048. Call. ,
PRIVATE . lessons in telegraphy by an experi-
enced teacher; rapid success assured. 248
__!_________- _____>— ________________
TELEGRAPH students, willing to pay Instruc-
'- tlon In regular offlce. Box 6162, Call offlce,
Oakland. ; ' .
A— METROPOLITAN-Californla-Students Join-
ed. Business. Stenographic. 925 Golden Gate.
A special class preparatory to teachers' exam-
inations or State nor. schls. 333 Phelan bldg.
MME. -.; CAROLLA, pupil of Marchesf— Voice
culture. 1317 Leavenworth. Phone East 2623.
SPANlSH, French, etc.Prof.De Flllppe'sAcadtmy
of languages, 1018 Post: est.lS7l;able3t profs.
PIANO lessons 50 cents; evening lessens.
Studio, 860 McAllister. *
KENT Law School, day and night. Send for
particulars, 536 ,Parrott building.
BANJO, guitar, mandolin. -thoroughly taught;
lessons '-'sc. 12S0 Ellis st. - \u25a0"\u25a0 --'
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S.. 424 Pine st. — Night classes
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese
• and Chinese help. Removed to 505 Sutter
St.; phone Main 5752. \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0- - .. '-
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese Employment Offlce
promptly furnishes all kinds of reliable h*-lp
George Sakauye. 421 Post at. : tel. Bush 135.
STAR /Employment Offlce— Reliable Japanese
and. Chinese help furnished with care. W.
KADOTA. 409 Powell St.: tel. Main 1751.
UP-TO-DATE Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce
furnishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. KIODA. 405 Post St.; tel. James 501.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. ' Wm.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 859.'
AN old eatab. (ISjO) Chinese frap. offlce; C.
CHONG'S. removed to 518 Plne;tel.Grant 156.
H. W. HONG, 111SA Clay st.; Chinese employ-
. ment office: beet help. Tel. East 4JO.
Finest Japanese help: housecleaning specially;
Geo R. Kuniabe. 343 Mason; tel. Jamea 5251.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1597. BRADLEY & CO.. 840 Clay.
JAPANESE. Chinese help of all kinds furn^h-
ed; housecleanlng. 708 Taylor; James 763«.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main 51SS.
EMPLOY3IENT AVANTRD — FEMAI.S.
HOTEL housekeeper — M lady who thoroughly
uriclerstandd her business desires a position
in large flrst-class hotel as managing house-
keeper; will give flrst-ciass references. Ad-
dress Hotel Housekeeper, 115 Fell St.; phone
South 1071. . .
DRESSMAKER, shirt waist suits, ladles' tailor
suits, Eton jacket, suits made at home, or
taken; first-class flts; satisfaction guaran-
teed; engagements per day or week. 321
Franklin st. _.
A YOUNG lady of refinement, with nurse's
.training, wishes a i>os!t!ou as companion to
. lady: understands sewing and other accom-
pllshments. Boy' 1203. Call.
ACCOMPLISHED young lady wishes position
as companion to refined. lady; would travel;
best references. Address B. B. SMITH, Ala-
meda P. 0., Cal. /
WANTED — A respectable woman, would be
very thankful for a few more gentlemen's
mending. MRS. "D.. Bflo Eddy, rear entrance
Willow aye. too floor.'
A MIDDLE-AGED lady will take full charge
of .an invalid and assist in housework; city
..references.. Call Monday, 1071 Noe st., near
Twenty-fourth. - .
RESPECTABLE ; mlddle-cged ' vro— an desires
position', as.'. housekeeper In eith.v- privet?
family or hotel;, references exchanged.- Box
1035,. Ca1l offlce. •
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to do cooking
* anti housework for 2 or 3 adults; no washing;
,$l5, and car fare. Ring up Folsom I*oB7,
Monday or. Tuesday^
LADY having her own Knabe Angelus piano
wishes to play with same at place of amuse-
ment or business places; city or country. 573
Mission st. .-\u25a0.;• . - •
COMPETENT woman wishes a few nice fami-
lies by day for laundry or chamber work or
'cleaning: reliable. 4SS Geary et. ; phone
Brown 32. •» - -
YOUNO lady wants good homo and small com-
pensation for -light services of any kind;
state particulars. Box 1286, Call.
BY p.n Amerlcen woman, situation as house-
keeper; good cook. MRS. L., 192U Market
st., city. . \u25a0 " ' _^
WANTED — Dressmaking or any ladles' gar-
ments; experienced, with references. 11C6
Sacramento st. '
A GOOD German cook wants situation for cook-
Ing and light housework: references; wage 3
$3CV Please call 748 Howard st.
A POOR widow with 4 children wishes wash-
. lrig to do at home. Apply. 23 Bernlce St., off
Twelfth, near Harrison. '..
CULTIVATED German kindergartener desires
a position a 9 nursery governess Box 1039,
Call, offlce. ~
STRONG German woman wants work by the
- day; \u25a0> washing and Ironing." Address MRSf
MOORE. SCO Folsom st.
WANTED — A position ar nousekeeper fcr
widower: very kind to children. Address 907
Folsom st. ' . .
EXPERIENCED laundress wishes work 2 or 3
days In -the week; six years' experience In
a laundry. 1S87 " Mission, corner: Fifteenth.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants position to do
general housework; not afraid of work; no
postals. 167 Third St., room 6. ..•\u25a0..
EXPERIENCED cook, small restaurant or
\u25a0 boardlngr-houae; wages $10 a week. 1523
Mission et.
WOMAN wants work by the day. from 9 to 3.
Address box B. Call Branch offlce. 1941 Mis-
sion st." : ' \u0084
SITUATION wanted to do cooking and a small
washing: will be willing to do some sweep-
ing:. Apply 2417 Clay st., Monday.
WANTED — By a respectable woman, poslticc
as housekeeper: take full charge rooming or
. apartment house. Box 1336, Call offlce.
REFINED, cultured woman would like posi-
tion as housekeeper: will take full charge of
home:, willing to leave city. Box 1360, Caii.
COLORED woman wishes day work; first-claps
laundress; private family. .Address or call
: 819; Market st., Oakland., .
BY competent lady, any kind of work, with
needle. MRS. L. S. GILLESPIE, 058 Jessie.
WANTED— A housekeeper's . : position. Call
afternoon. 222 Eddy st. \u25a0
YOUNG woman 'wants -position to do general
housework. . 3901 Folsom st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants work, nurse or
.'housekeeper preferred.- It! Hampton' place.
WOMAN would like- washing to take home.
Address . 713 V& i Minna st..> near Eighth.
COMPETENT nurse from the East wishes sltu-
. atlon; reasonable. Phone Church '4oS4. . ,
GOOD, reliable woman wants washing by. the
; day; $1 50 and car fare. Call 5S Valley st.
bTENOGRA PIIER. with some experience. • de-
V; sires '.position. ; Addrees.box; 1252. Call.
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor, shirt waist
: suits, s- Jacket -> coat > ; suits; - up-to-date . flts:
.•. • only* first-class work taken in: designer: sat-
isfaction guaranteed. . MISS BARSS.' 321
. Franklin' st. > ..-\u25a0 ;. ' '- . . ; •; -• \u25a0 -
AN Eastern girl? wishes; position to do general
housework or will do second work; is a neat
; sewer. -. Call or ; address h2U Lapldge St., oft
,'." 18th,' between Valencia and Guerrero.
A NEAT, young \u25a0 girl , desires a position In good
" 'family .to ' assist ? at - housework during the
v, day; sleep home; wages from $15 to $20.. Ap-
,i. ply ;\u25a0 2758 5 Greenwich \u25a0 st. , ; near \u25a0 Baker.
YOUNG lady,' experienced : stenographer, would
like position In city; is thoroughly competent;
" .wages'S4o. Address box 14. Mountain View,
: Cal. ,;:.- '_,:. . \u25a0..\u25a0;-..•.,'\u25a0. -'.-...-:... .- . •.'--•\u25a0 :.:\u25a0_'
MIDDLE-AGED ; woman .'would like : position
as' cook and do light housework; good refer-
/ ences; ; wages $25. Call 408 McAllister, st.,
,-.' ; upstair3-V- V r V 1V 1 \u25a0;'. .;-\u25a0'', : ~.~ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -l-^J'.'-'X
YOUNG French girl, speaks little English, de-
" -,'. sires \u25a0 position '•\u25a0 of ' housework or ; second work;
: :' is 'good seamstrees; i has references. • Address
I V A.~. A*.,' 327 . Montgomery, ave. . ~- : , , : ,-\u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0, v
A* FIRST-CLASS fitter < and . designer" of lad lea*
".dresses desires engagement.; Phone East 0082.
COMPETENT chambermaid desires position In
hotels Call' or. address 1928 Market st.
EMIM^YME>T\yANjriSp--l'>male--Cor.
SWEDISH girl, who la, first-class cook, desires
r a situation: 'will do light washing; gocd ref-
e rences; * $30 and up.- Call or address «J25
\u25a0 Halght st. :.--.-. . ;
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation; sen-
eral- housework; city or country; good cook,
washer and lroner; not afraid of work; no
postals. 167 Third st.. room 6. * \u25a0
RESPECTABLE. ' middle-aged woman wants
position to do cooking and general house-
work in American tamily. Apply 61 Colton
t.t.. off -Brady. :
MIDDLE-AGED and unlncumbered woxjn
with best Of references as to character and
ability Is desirous of a position as caretaker
of home with children. Box :tt»l3; Call. \u25a0 . \u25a0 -
POSITION as gentleman's housekeeper by-
competent iady of experience, with a boy.
Address M. H.. 2»1 Valencia st.. or apply In
person. '
A WELL educated young German lady wishea
a position as nursery' governess or as use- |
ful companion to a lady; best. of^ references.
Address A. 8.. 1105 Franklin st. j
YOUNG lady stenographer desires position; Is
experienced, but will start with small sal-
ary. Phone West 35. •
A YOUNG woman would like to do housekeep-
ing by the day or laundry work. Phone
Waller S3. \u25a0- \u25a0 .-'\u25a0-- \u25a0\u25a0'
TWO competent girls would like work In same
home; one as cook and other as second . girl.
Apply 294 Valencia st.
A COMPETENT seanwtress wishes to do plain
sewing or mending by the day. Phone East
3536. •-. \u25a0
YOUNG girl is desirous of obtaining position to
do light housework. Apply 822 Valencia Bt.,
upstairs.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper or would
take care , of Invalid. Address or call 007
Foleom st. i .
A FIRST-CLASS cook dc9ires a position in an
American family; best of references. Phone
Main 3425. _;
COMPETENT woman wants housework and
Cooking In small famtly adults; state all
particulars. Box- 1100. Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like posi-
tion as housekeeper; country preferred. Ad-
dress MRS. H-. 1926 Market st. /
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do upstairs
work or place to learn cooking. 1300 Stock-
ton at.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, by the day.
quick worker; suits and dresses. 305 Larkin
St.. box 33. -
A NEAT Japanese girl wishes position to do
cooking and housework in family. Address
1225 F"Ucn at. -
POSITION by flrst-class nurse for children or
infants; full charge: |40 per month: 10 years'
e-psriencg. Call at 004 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeep-
er: good mother to children; none but reltable
' parties need answer. Box 1214. Call.
WANTED — Work In a store or plain sewing
by tlie day. 104 South Park.
YOUNG Klrl for general housework; wages
$25; call or write. 411 Vi Thirtieth St.. near
Sanchez. '
DRESSMAKER wants situation; will furnish
best references and diploma from school.
Addess MRS. T. I- 1504 Folsom st. -
GOOD practical nurse wants position. Call at
"Y. W. C. A.." ISSO O'Farrell st.
WOMAN wants position for plain cooking and
hou;ework. Bax 1010. Call.
AN elderly American woman wishes situation
-as nurse. f>OT FoUwm st. -
HOUSEWORK by neat, reliable woman: good
cook: small —ash: wages $20. Box 3906. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED lady frcm East as nurse;, city
.'or country. 16 Hamilton place.
CLEAN , Japanese girl dfsires position .as a
plain cook and houseworker; wages $4 week.
Address MISS J. Y.,^639 Stevenson st.
YOUNG Japanese girl, who has a good Japan-
ese education, wishes position In flrst-cl»s»
' famtly for upstairs work. 121 HaUht st.
A GOOD seam»tre«3 would like to have work
by the day:*chlldren's dresses, mending and
darning: $1 and carfare. MRS. BONALY.
519^4 Leavenworth St.; good references.
A WELL educated young German lady wlahe3
a position as nursery governess or as useful
companion to a lady; best of references.
Address A. 8., 1165 Franklin st.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a position
to take full care of an Invalid: best of city
references. Call Monday at 1071 Noe St..
near Twenty- fourth.
A REFINED American lady wishes position a*
co— panion or housekeeper for adult: full
charge: references. MRS. 8., 1514 Sacra-
mento 6t. . -. .. \u25a0
A DRESSMAKER, "thoroughly expert-need In
all branches; children's clothes - also; $1 CO
per day. Address C. M., 1193 Guerrero «t.
A . GOOD German cook. w:tn references, wants
situation at cooking, light housework; wages
$80. Call Monday, 74S Howard st. -^
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation to
take care of Invalid lady; references. Apply
or address NURSE. IC6I Mission st.
A STRONG woman wishes nou?e and window
cleaning; ?l 50 day. 33 Biedeman st., oft
O'Farrell, near Scott.
A GOOD laundress wants work Mondays and
Tuesdays, washing, ironing, house cleaning.
Phone Folsom 3131.
A COMPETENT woman desires care of in-
valid; experienced; references. MRS. COL-
MAN. 752 Ellis St. '__
A NEAT young woman wants house cleanir.gr
- by the dity; $1 50 and carfare. Address
2011 H Hyde st.
DRESSMAKER ewants situation; will furnish
best references and diploma from school.
MRS. T. 1.. 1504 Folsom st.
EDUCATED woman, speaks French, especially
Interested In children, would like to spend
a few hours dally teaching tt with Invalid;
testimonials. Phone Page 621.
POSITION as second girl with chance to learn,
by Portuguese girl. Call 213 Natoma St.,
rear.
SITUATION wanted by first-class German-
American cook. 1702 Polk St.: please call
Monday. '
STYLTSH dresFmaker wants few engagement?:
good fitter; $2 pc» day. 1457 Franklin st.;
phone East 3211.
JAPANESE girl wants situation to do seme
cooking and, housework In smalt . family:
wapes $fi uot have good references. M. X..
415 14 Powell st.
JAPANESE first-class family cook, wants po-
sition: has b?st city references. JAMES
NITTA. P Meacbum place, oft Post et.. bet.
Kyde and Larkin.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, tent tt» any address in the
' United States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
JAPANESE flrst-class cook, hotel. $50 month.
First-clas3 laundress. $30 month a»p.
Good chambermaid. $30 month Up.
Young man." flrst-class," competent gardener,
wages $tO per month.
GEO X.. propr., 343 Mason; tei. James 5251.
SALESMAN— Young man (Easterner) deslrt-k
traveling position; can furnish splendid .East-
ern references and has had over three -years
experience covering Southwestern territory
with Jewelry and silver line. Box 1368. Call.
WANTED— Situation by man and wife as care-
takers of country hotel or private city prop-
ert> or foreman on stock ranch: best of.ref-
• erences funlshed. Call on or address C.
SMITH. t?CI Eddy st. ,
WANTED — By an experienced and good all-
around, married man. jobbing in hotel or
roomlns-house, with references; steady.
Please address B. F. W.. 841 Filbert st.
MIDDLE-AGED man desires position In pri-
vate place to do work of any kind; good home
• more of 'an object than* wages; \u25a0 will go In
country if needed. Box 1045. Call.
ALL-ROUND handy man wilt do repairing of
every descriotlon at lowest prices: carpets
laid, shades, furniture, etc. MAISLER. 51S
!" Larkin St.: Dlione East 2t44.
.WANTED — By - middle-aged man. repalrins
work on private property; handy with tools;
In or outside: sober and reliable. Box 1271.
-Call office. . : . -
INTELLIGENT man (45). has family, must
bave employment: best fitted for commercial
or .manufacturing. : Box 1230. Call office.
STABLY.MAN, wishes position; thoroughly un-
derstand* care of horses, harness. and wagon.
Box 1253. Call office.
BUSINESS man: of 40, .good salesman and
manager, wants* position: : references .. and
.bond.; Box. 1232.; Call offlce. \u25a0 c-
W ANTED— Situation around -place; care of
horses, garden. - cows; handy with tools. H.
8., 613 Montgomery st.
PRINTER; flrst-class. all-round man.? now
employed a.« foreman, wishes steady position.
Box r 1293. » Call office.
EXPERT, bookkeeper. : stenographer and all- ;
-round office man; best references. Box 1254.
.- Call office.
HOUSE and window cleaning; any work about
place By reliable man. $1 ' per day. Ad-
.: dress . box 1274. ; Call . offlce. , \u25a0 ;
PAINTER - and -paper-hanger will work very
I reasonable; -have all tools. "Painter. -12
\u25a0VTwelf th . «t. ;\u25a0 *>hone' Folsom 31 10.
GERMAN houaecleaner' wants house and wln-
dt/W cleaning. . A.; POHLSEN. 706 Van Nes3. I
EMPLOYMENT >VAJ^^>>^^AJ 118---Cnn1 IB---Cnn
MAN with horse and wagon who Is well i ac-
quainted in the city, can gtve best of refer-
ences desires pcSltttn, in store cr any othsr
* place to dt> any kind of worfc. Address JSIG
Scott at. » •
CARPENTER, fliat-ciase. wants work.* day or
•- contract: old houses shingled. N. M. PEAIt-
SON. 4g Eaat st. _• ' "'.
SOBER, honext man wants work on a prlvat*
place; care for horses, cews and garden. Box
1042. Call. • '- " *
EASTERN man wants collectlnr Dositlon; ex-
perienced; Chicago. Winnipeg Seattle ref»
erences Al. . Room 347. Metropolitan Hotel.
WANTED — Work by registered plumber: will
do work at reasonable price; can furnisa,
• stock. Box 1321. Call. \u25a0 _\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0:\u25a0-
POSITIONS wanted by man and wife as first-
class cccks; hotel, restaurant or camo. 131
Sixth st.. rcom 11. - \u25a0
EXPERIENCED caroenter wishes work: th«
cheapest in th« city; work guaranteed; job-
bing a specialty. ISS7 Mission, corner 15th.
PAINTER, paper-hanger and tinter (non-union)
will work cheap for steady Job; hotel cr coa-
tractor preferred. Box 1U46. Call.
A PLUMBER, licensed and Independent. — anui
work from property owner; has all necessary
shop tools: city or country. Box 1277. Call.
MANAGER or other employ— tent where basr-
ness ability counts: state salary. 410 Wala-
.worth st.. Oakland. \u25a0
JAPANESE couple want positions In family-,
man cook and wife housework. FRANK.
phone East 200. ___
WANTED — Position as manager branch estab-
lishment tor wholesale house. Box 1C44. Call.
FIRST-CLASS paperhanger must have employ-
ment: moderate wages. Box 1231. Call.
BOOKKEEPER and grocery clerk would, llk«
position; recommendations. Box 1290, Call.
SITUATION wanted as coachman; »insl«:
thoroughly understands the care of I fine
horses and carriages: 3 years In last place;
city or suburb: first-class references. Adc
dress D. E. DAVIDSON. 215 Kearny st.
MECHANICAL and electrical Instrument
maker, also understands repair phonosraph*.
typewriters automatic numerating date ma-
chines, clocks and general chop jobbing, seek*
situation anywhere. Box 1236. Call. j-
POSITION wanted as shipping clerk or clerk
In wholesale house by competent man: good
references. Address C. T. SCHMIDT. 7t!9
McAllister st. '' --' -'
MAN fully understanding care and operation
of gasoline engines, eitner marine or sta-
tionary, desires position. Address J. C.
HENNING. General Delivery. P. O.
A BOOKKEEPER or cashier who t3 thoroughly
competent desires a situation; has best of
city references. Address Bookkeeper. 209 Va-
lencia*^
MIDDLE-AGED German would position ••
clerk or helper In a grocery and barroom;
best of references. W. BOHLING, 41T
Kearny st.
THOROUGHLY reliable man desires employ-
ment of any kind; handy with tools; under-
stands care of horses, and Is an experienced
driver. Box 1251. Call offlce.
POSITION wanted by reapectable old gentle-
man as bartender In country hotel: sober and
reliable; wages no object; references. Ap-
ply box 12C4. Call offlce. - V
TRAVELING salesman wttn twelve. years' «s-
portence in cigar and liquor business In
Washington, Idaho an«l Alaska, desires rtrst-
class account. Box 1236. Call office.
AS attendant to private patient by strictly
competent reliable male nurse; special ex-
perience "with nervous patients, massast*.
etc.; references: reasonable. Box 1268. Call.
A YOUNG married man. willing and faithful,
desire.* work of any kind; speaks German
and French. Call 450 Halght st. y
GERMAN, young man, desires position a-
etther lunch man or porter In city. Ad-
dress 213 Second St. ,
THOROUGHLY competent elevator man wishes
situation in private place or public b-lldtns-
Address N. 8.. 570 Geary st. .
STOVE plumber (first class) desires permanent'
situation; speaks several languages; has own
tools. Call or address 37 Moss st.
YOUNO man. single, wiin best local refer-
ences, wants position of any kind: store or
hotel clerk preferred. Box 1263. Call office.
GERMAN, middle-aged man. wlshe* position
as porter, lunchmaa or janitor: experienced;
references; twon or country. Box 1233. Cail.
CONSCIENTIOUS, efficient service — You'll get
It if we deal; experienced in business, office
and country life In alt their details, mental
and manual; healthy, actir-, good habits,
good presence, middle-aged : bond. Box 4646.
Call offlce. \u25a0 \u25a0
ELECTRICAL worker; competens; would Uk«
position with electrical com Dany. or with
large foundry where marine work is re-
quired; Is steady, sober and reliable. Ad-
dreap R. PALMER. 1159 Turk *t.
EXPERIENCED young man. with knowledge
of French. German. Italian. Spanish and
English, seeks position as salesman In ao-
partment store or as cleric for offlce wor».
Box 1320. Call. __
MAN thoroughly acquainted with shoe, furnish-
ing and clothing business wishes reapontlbti
position: good ad writer; steady and goon
appearance; no objection to golns ot't of
city.' Box 1306. Call.
WANTED— Posltlcn by a bright energetla boy
between 16 and 17 years In office or business
house; has had experience and can furnlsn
best of references. Box 1219. Call. \u25a0
RELIABLE man with experience wishes posi-
tion for care of building or property; best oX
references' and bond If necssary. Address
box 1222. Call office.
SITUATION wanted; gardener In all branches,
landscape, greenhouses, etc. ; single, middle-
aged, sober; best of reference*; private or
commercial place. Box 3918, Call office.-
AN expert accountant wants small set books
of firms or persons to keep evenings or Sun-
day; terms low; Interview requested. Box
4690. Call offlce. _^_
WANTED — Position by young man having »
years' experience as a steel and copper plate
engraver. Box 1233. Call. - -.-\u25a0
YOUNG man wants work of any kind In city
or country Diace. HENRY HIT.LER. 130»
S tockton.
A FIRST-CLASS porter wishes position In bar-
irer shoo. Addre— 1 box 1239. Call or call
84 1 Mission »t. -
HANDY man would lHce steady work with
carpenter a 9a 9 he!yer. Box 6163. Call o*flc*.
Oakland. -'
RELIABLE sober eldrriy man wants position
as watchman; bonds If necessary. '24H
Twenty-fourth at., near Vermont.
WANTED— Position a» steward In restaurant
or on beat: lt> years" experience In Chlcaga:
h*»st references. Address box 1255. Call, rij
YOUNG man. business college graduate, would
like position In wholesale house or effice .a*
hjykkeeper or assistant. Box 1217. Call.'-.-;
WANTED — A situation to do gardening, take
• care cf horses; handle carpenter tools; good
'i driver. H. 8.. 013 Montgomery st. * *
MAN 25 years, wants employment Ui , store;
work up; moderate salary to beutn; good
character and references. Box ICOB. Call. >
STENOGRAPHER— Young man desires posi-
tion- Remington operator; good referr ices:
can leave city If necessary. Box 1212. Call.:-
MACHINIST — Good all-round hand ; experienced ,
on tools and dies, wants position; no ma-
chine shop. Box lOOfl. Call offlce. ~ }
TO Plumbers — A handy man wants to leain the
treul-s. Address letter to Plumber, post-
office. Alameda. Cat.
A SOBER, reltable. middle-aged man deslr»»
a position as caretaker or watchman; refer^
ences if destred. F. G.. 3601 Army st. ' -",\
BOOKKEEPER — Situation wanted by man ot.
33- good penmar\: thoroughly reliable: wtrold
take good position as clerk. Box 130?. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wfto can <io house, gar*
d?n work, plain eockinjr. etc.. want* dttun-
tion : references: wages $20. Box 120 S. Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber, age 26. married, want*
steady position. Box 1253. Call office. _\f;
TWO steady, sober young waiters desire posr-.
tions In country hotel. Box 1319. Call.
BUTLER -and valet: thoroughly expert*ncedr
excellent references. Box S.SC4. Call office. ,v
MAX wants position as watchman: sober; well
recommended; city, cour.try. 2 Lexington ay*.
FIRST-CLASS German bnrter would - ' Ux*
steady position. Box ICI4. Call. , X
A CHINESE, excellent cook, wants" position:
hotel, restaurant, boarding-house: meat ana
pastry cook: ?ood references; satisfaction;
CHARLEY WILLOMON. 1113 Clay St..' up-
•talrs^ . . ' •<
CHINESE with best references, an excellent
* and experienced family \u25a0 cook, wishes a posi-
tion In city or country. Call or write to 731
, Stockton St.: phone Montgomery 1650. ,--i
CHINESE, first-class family cook, desires po«
gftlon in private family. Address LOUIE,
Sl7& Clay st. ' -!>\u25a0;.
CHINESE cook for general family' work. Ad- %
dress A. HIM, care Sing Tai. 61!) Jackson «.'
CHINESE coolc w ishea position: hotel or bcapd»
ing-house. 1113 Clay st. M. TONC. ;<?
FIRST-class Chinese -cook wants situation in
private family. -AH KING, 1112 Stockton it. -
A HIGHLY educated Japanese wishes position
In store. CC«2 Union st. ~* % **i4v
For Additional Clarified Advertise-
ments See Pass 4-l» \f .
4344
EMI'LO YMEXT^WAyTED — M-LE--Ce»
JVPANE6E. nith reference* _» excellent pri-
vate family cook. French or German pastry,
any ttvle cooking, wishes position; city or
country; high wages. K. TERAMOTO. room
11. 512 Bush tt.
.1 -U'ANESn butler wishes a nice place to do
waiter work besides housework: good refer-
once*. HARA. bcx ISCO. Call; tel. South t>9.
VOI.NG Japanese boy wishes position as waiter
and housework in private family. A. fc. i
VAMA. 417 Jones ft.; phone East 3615.
U'WESE with references ac excellent pri-
vate family cook. French or Germany pastry.
3*.:y style cookinc. wishes position; city oi
-v.untry: high wages.. 512 Bush at.
j VPA?;E£E young boy wishes position as *
£ho-tewortcer and wait«r. Address NAKAY- '.
MA. I€l7 Geary ft., or phone West 87. j
10GXE5T young- Japanese boy wants a posi- ;
lion to do housework or cooking. H. SAWA-
MURY, 518 Jes-sle et. j
\u25a0Jk*<3OOD Japanese boy wants a situation as a i
houeewo.-ker. C 0., 249 Oak «t. ; phone Page
1792.
i\I» \NESE cook wants position as cook and
do housework; speak? English well. HENRY.
«phone MoatEomery 591.
JAPANESE boy. prntle and honest, wishes po-
e*itlen as a schoolboy at near ad<Jr*«s. ***
fc X>evi;a(iero st.; phoce Page 2109.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese waiter wants position
m family waiter. JAMES ONI. 1204 Post
St.; pho^e E&gt 3T24. \u25a0
TOUNG Jaoar.es.? boy wishes position sj
• slter or any kind of job: speaks English
well. TAMA: 417 Jones St.; phone East 3615.
CHINESE, with brst references, an excellent
\u25a0 B,nd experienced .'amily cook, withes a posi-
tion la city cr country. Call or write to 7-1
Stockton tt. ; phone Montgomery 1666.
NICE Japanese desires a position to do house-
work or BTore boy: speaks English and Ger-
• man. SAKATA. £04 Stockton Et.
CAFHIER and exix*r>nced office man waists
position of trust and responsibility: references
or bond. E. K. STAFFORD, care Vane*
Hotel. 43- Taylor ft.
COMPETENT elevator man. 27 years, desire*
en:n'.cyn:ent in pub'.ic building or rrlvate resi-
dence. Apply to N. 8.. 570 Geary st.
A IXDNG experienced Jaws.nese cook wanU
Job Is nice family. NISHI. 417 Jones St.;
ph«^ne E-st 3615.
A J»PANfc:SE Rood boy wants position any
kuid of »york in a nice family. K. INA-
• MI'RA. 22 Prospect place. Japanese Mission.
A JAPAN*K?E bey -ho jreaks well wishes any
kind of work. fh«rt houis, without board and
rfcom. ' HARRY KI~BOTA. 530 Eddy st.
A. FOUTCG n-.sn wants oosltlon; worked at dry
roo4«: also hardware: good reTerenees; can
<5o anything. 1624 f*!-.apln ft.. Alameda, Cal.
A "JAPANESE j-ouple want places, n-.an as good
'Cook Vife *_:ter and any kind housework.
M. T. 16 Lewis place.
A BRIGHT bny wants nositlon to -work after
f-hoo! -and Paturdsys. 521 McAllister St.;
: phoof Tolfora 47.
A MAN and wi:> to take care of chicken ranca
or to work at or take care of family resi-
<Vmrp; wife- rood cook: country. Address
' K. T. Rrno. Nev.
ADVEBTXSXKG work -anted by young man
c «-f!l in the city: spare time. Ad-
*irffg K. P. P.. 10 Lick tt.
A MAN with horse, wapon or buggy wlsTiee
distributing, delivering or advertising to do
< t:C..Tc]pgrarh aye.. Oakland. '
AN l^cnest. industrious colored lad wants ele
water-work or work in a clean'.r.g and ay.
)\u25a0*: establishment. Cal! or address FREL>
SVKEtf. tna Clay Et.
\u25a0ALL-F.OJ'ND Utility man. carpftlayer. shades.
erfrar-rr. furniture repairer snd repolishfr.
randy "at anything, would lik* p^ltion with
hotel apartment* or private. MAISLER, ."»13
Larkin Et.
GOOD French tinsmith, can do plumbing, all
kinds of brass, tin and zinc work. 25 yf-ars'
experience. dPFires situation: Freaks very llt-
tle Cnglifh. 71S 1 * Union St.. top floor.
COACHMAN — Can <Iri\e an-5 train colts; care-
ful driver and all-round man. Coachman, ,
:»7 Montgronury avr. . !
YOUNG brunette, orphan, wealthy, desires ac- j
• quaintance with young, cxperincrd bireinf ss [
pentleman. familiar with lif»* of world: ob-
ject matrimony. B<-x 6750, Call office.
AN -experienced baker"* hflpT wants a steady
- r-^ltioi!. Address JOE PTTvIN. 14 St«uart.
_!IDi*E-AGET> man with experience wants a
j'^Mtlon'as porttr and packer in a wholesale
li^u?e: his best TeUTtnr*?. Address J. L..
1543 University aye.. Berkeley.
CHINESE first-claes cook wants a situation In
family: city or «-ounrry: has references for 6
yeajs: $45 u\\ GEE JOE. 2" Prospect pi.
JAPANESE, long experience, want? position as
> levator boy. 1417 Jones *t. : phone E— at 3515.
TOUNG Japanese boy wants a position as
„ hous<?worker. J. MISAWA. 1410 Pine St.;
- photic East 16CS.
TOUNG man, speaking English. French and
• German, wantp ar.y kind of a poeltlen;
salary no object for Ftart. Address E. T.,
fhoe Ftore. 11? Third st.
i —————ii — — — — — _\u25a0 _— — _—
FLATS TO LET.
SAS A A— COMPLETED LIST OF HOUSES.
FLATS, apertrctr.t and rooming-houses; our
renting department is free to all; we can -find
you a home in any part of the city; ask for
no payment other than your good will: we do
not ask you to buy or even look at the goods;
use i hi* department freely; you are more
than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 245-253 Geary
•t: ion the uQu-re).
J60 — THE finest furnished flat in the swellcst
neighborhood; McAllister st.. near Ptelner.
For information see D. W. CARMICHAEL
» CO.. -•'- Montgomery et.
GUERRERO, 1453 near 27th— Modern upper
ftst if 6 rooms and bath; rent ?2_ 50. YON
RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO., 51^ California
street.
PACIFIC aye.. 1624. near Polk — Modern flat
of 6 jiooms and bath; rent $22 50. YON
RHEIN HEAL ESTATE CO., S_t California.
Fli-TKENTH and SbotweU Ets.; elepar.t new
4-rooin flats: r-.r.ts $2»J. $22 5«) and J24; o;>en
for Ijisoection to-day from 1:30 io 4:: JO.
CENTEI: <£. SPADER. 11 Montgomen'.
AN eletram. new NX. corner f.at; 7 rooms;
fuperior finish; marine view; $43. NE. cor.
oD<vltadero and Lloyd sts., *- block south
. of Waller »t.
JUST completed, two 5-room sunny flats: mod-
ern, up to date: 4 bay windows: $25. $27 50.
N. E. cor. Golden Gate and Central ayes.
ELEGANT modern punny fiat. <> large rooms;
every convenience; $-'v.V nil Turk Et.. nr.
Jefferson square; choice residence block.
XjOWEH fiat: 5 modern sunny rooms and bath:
s> paiate en:rance: must be £«">n to be an_re-
e catted. Laurel *t.: rtnt $27 s<">. ©
'FLAT r.f 4 rr,,)?tf, $12. 715 Treat ave.."b»-
twetM Twentieth and Twenty-first, Harrison
an<J Fo'.som ets.
FOURTEENTH. 4.">5. r,ear Valencia— 6 Modern
%unny roomy ; middle flat. Apply 4J7 Four-
te'r.-.t: Ft.
EBODEKICK. 1-i.i. near Haight— Modern S-
«ro— m Cat; ir:arb!e steps, beam ceilines. elec-
tric li?hte, etc.; owl cars; rent reasonable.
BRODt-RICK, 54S— Elegantly furnished flat of
<> rooms and bath; open fcr inspection from
1 tstitiK 4.; refeionces.
ELEGANT 7-room ui>-to-c!aie flat; Western
Additiem; rent riplu to right party. OWNER,
hex 11*W5, Call.
Ti' ANTED— Newly married couple for n»w «>-
room flat: exclusive lix-ation; rent very rea-
OWNER, box 1034, Call.
TVit) fur.ny flats S ar <! <i rooms bath, large
closet; $;c. :;77 St.
TATLOE. 1453, near Jackson— New flat. 6
rooms: bath; Warn ceiling, etc.; $32 50.
EI.EGANT. sunny, lower fiat. « room?, bath
ei\6 bHgement. jis» 17th Bt.. near Castro.
MODERN C-room middle nat. 3122 Clay ri..
Par Baker.
'WOOD, above Guerrero, off ISth — 6 rooms
S bsth; new; f25.
TRAL. modern, upper flat, 6 room* bath
!ti Sacramento ft., above Powell; moderate.
BEAUTIFUL Funny flats. Just finished; 6 rooms
end bath. 1»>45-n Folsom St., near 12th.
f2f>— BEAUTIFUL sunny corner flat: 7 rooms
bttl bath. NE. cor. Twenty-sixth & Castro.
JESSin. 447. bet. Fifth and Sixth— Lower flat
of Ti rooms
•TWENTY -FIFTH. 4150. near Castro — New up-
pir flat. tJ rooms; bath, yard, cellar; $22.
MODERN tjunr.y 5 roomii. bath. 641 Central
aye.. ltct. Kulton and Grove, near Park!
GF.ARY, 1637— Sunny, clean flat; 6 rooms.
t beth. laundry; yard: $25; modern.
HfcKORT aye.. 235— Flat. 5 rooms, $12 50;
;w>3 Tavlr.r. sunny flat. 5 roonu, bath, $22 50.
NW. COR. Turk and Pierce ets.; fi and 9 rooms
snd bath: 51$ and $25.
McALLISTER. 1175. cor. Flllmcre— 7 rooms
and bath: $25.
TWENTIETH AND EUHEKA— Modern eunny
« flat: .*> roonis; jt2<». Apply 302 Eureka.
MASONIC aye.. 1227, mar Haight— New s-
rcom flatf: baih: rent reduced.
tVZrt&WER flat, with yard. 7264 Harrison
«t. near Third.
' .
FLATS TO LET — Continued.
Brand new 4 and B room flats at 16th and
Guerrero ets.; never occupied before: ready
for occupancy on November 1; be ture to see
them this afternoon; agent on premises:
* 0B CRANSTON, BELVEL & DW::ER,
Formerly
William Cranston Co.
' 20— POST ST.— 2O.
$17—2 NEW flats. 4 rooms, bath, inclosed
porch: separata yard and high, .lrybase-
ments. 4240 Twenty-fifth et.. nesr Caatro.
$2<v— New flat, 4 rooms, bath, lnclos «d porch :
'high, dry basement; 2 mantels. 289 Col-
llnpwood St., near Twentieth.
$25— New 9-room flat. 866 Potrero aye.. near
Twenty-first st. . . ." .
$25— 9-rcom flat. 539 Frederick St.. near
Stanyan, overlooking G. G. Park. \u25a0
: BROADWAY 1113. nr. Jones— Newly Papered,
sunny; fine view; 4 & 5 r. and b.; $18 and $^3.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3905. above Sanchez— s
rooms arid bath; rent reasonable.
SAN CARLOS art., 131— Lower flat; 4 rooms,
bath, gas; rent reasonable.
SACRAMENTO. 361 — New 6 rooms and bath;
also store and 4 rooms; reasonable. ' *
FOURTEENTH. 443. near Valencia— Upper
new modern flat. 7 rooms.
A NEW middle flat; 7 rooms; 2 toilets; up to
tfate: owl cars. 2023 Oak St.
CAPP. 10SS — New flat. 6 sunny rooms and
bath: rent $22 50.
FINE modern flat. 7 sunny rooms, basement.
yard: reas. to good tenant. 1937 O'Farrell st.
FLAT 6 rooms and bath: new; marine view;
$25; water free. 465 Mississippi st.
TWENTT-FIFTH 8478— Upper i rooms and
bath: 3 bay windows; private entrance; $15.
HAIGHT. 1061. nr. Baker— Sunny 6-r. flat;fae-
lng Buena Vista ay. and Pk. ; healthy location
HOWARD. 1189A — 4 rooms; cheap rent.
$17 — CORNER upper flat, 5 sunny rooms and
bath; tinted. 3330 Twenty -sixth st.. nr. Capp.
MASONIC aye., 1227. near Halcht— New five-
room flats; bath; rent reduced.
ELEGANT flat of 7 rooms; all latest Improve-
ments. 715 Grove st.
MODERN flat; 6 rooms. 2276 Oeary St.- rent
$25.
BEAUTIFUL location; Hayes and Stanyan; G.
G. Park; 4 r. flats. $25; new; ready this wk.
$25 — ELEGANT upper flat; 6 rooms, bath,
garden. 2719 Pine st.. near Devisadero.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in -wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SUNNY flat of 4 rooms; rent reasonable to re-
sponsible party. 1976 Ellis St.. 10-12, 2-4.
ELEGANT, sunny, middle flat, 10 rooms and
bath. S7S Eddy St.. near Van Ness.
$16 60 — Sunny cor. flat; poreclain bath, tubs.
Cor. 20th and Douglass; take Castro car.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
FOR stale at a great sacrifice on account of
business, flat 6 rooms and bath; rooms rent-
ed; under eaves of City Hall: rent only S3O
per mo. Call mornings before 9:30. 7 F^ilton,
rt.: no acents.
VAN NESS AND ELLIS — Desirable elegant
modern funny S-room flat; reas. rent; artistl-
cally furnished: location central. 1335, Call.
A FURNISHED flat of S roome and bath; 5
rooms permanently rented. 518 Eddy ft.
SIX rooms for sale; clean: Kas. bath: good
furniture. 107 Fourth St.; $35.
FIRXITUHE WAJVTED.
A— PHONE South 1015; It will pay you to send
for me before you sell your furniture, car-
r-eta, piano, etc. M. GALLICK. 201 Larkin.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market
«t.. N»t. 9th and ICth. paying big money for
furniture, etc. Phone South 179.
CALL up East 23SS. A. L. Storrs, 682 Ellis
st.: cash paid for your furniture, carpets, etc.
Alfred Wollpert, 773 Mlrslon, phone Red 4462.
pays highest price for furniture, carpets, etc.
: HENRY MAYER Days highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 752 Mission; tel.Bush Sl3.
Z. ABE LEVY. 1135 Market et.. phone Jessie
761. nays rash and buys everything.
FCRMTURE FOR SALE.
ALMOST given away: unredeemed storage pi-
anos and fur Whltehead's- Storage. 1C36 Mkt.
FLORIST f.ARDEV.
TO LEASE — C acres rich soil; plenty water;
near Mlstlon st. Owner. 636 Clay Bt.. r. 1.
EXCHANGE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
970 Market ft., room SOI, eighth floor.
Rooming-House Broker. Phone Main 3343.
E-X-C-H-A-N-G-E-A-B-L-E Property.
fROOMING-HOUSES In San Franclaco.)
«4 r.. S. of Market; for 20 r. north.
3« r apartments; for 15 r. transient.
73 r'. apartments — $3000; for real estate.
2<*» i-.. swell: for Oakland property. "
K-0 r. new. cl. ?200 mo.; fcr larger house.
37 r!, prand; for real estate.
32 r. — $2750; clears $IC.'{ mo.; for farm.
Farm, M> a. — $2000; for rooming-house.
Swell in-.-, flat; for lot worth $SOO.
25 r. Sutter, ij-100; for real estate to $7000.
HELP WANTED — FE3IAL.E.
A COOK and second girl, same house.. s3o, $25
A laundress for plain clothes $25
A nurse for Piedmont $#)
A nurse for _ children. San Rafael $25
A maid and seamstress — • $'-i<)
A cook for boardins-house $3')
A Frenth maid and chambermaid $25
A cook, light housework ..". $30
60 good housework plrls for city. s3o and $25
Apply MISS.PLUNKETT, 423 Sutter st.
WANTED — Lady of prepossessing appearance
fcr permanent poEltion as our local repre-
sentative for the Medici Secret Cream for
face, arms, neck and bust. The finest mas-
sage cream known. Address, with particu-
lars of yourself. Medici Secret Cream, South
Bend, liid.
GIRLS to learn hairdressing, manicuring, mas-
sage, etc., from A to Z. in 1 month for $S to
tbo&e entering now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; day and evening
class. 234 Post St.. room 17, 6econd floor.
j WANTED — Girls to learn millinery for fall; 2
seasons frcm start to finish In 1 mo. for $15;
positions guaranteed $12 per week up; learn
now for fall positions. 234 Post, r. 1(5, 2d flr.
| LEARN hairdressing. facial massage, manicur-
Ing.sc-lp treatment, hair work.removal super-
fluous hair: day, eve. classes; position!* wait-
incMO week up. 210 Powell, r. 2-3, 2d floor.
) ~~~~
L EXPERIENCED SHIRT AND OVERALL
OPERATORS AND GIRLS TO LEARN.
STANDARD FACTORY, CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE STS.
! CIGARETTE makers wanted; high wages
paid; learners tak<n.
JOHN BOLLMAN COMPANY,
097 Front st.
I ,
! SEWING machine operators on shirts; clean.
light factory; steady work: Inexperienced
young women taucht and paid while learn-
ing. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.; 1573 Mission
*t.. bet 14th and 15th. MR. HINDSHAW. ;
' EXPERIENCED ALTERATION HANDS ON
CLOAKS AND SUITS. DAVIS, BCHON-
WASSER &. C 0.., POST AND GRANT AYE.
I i ..- — .
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
GOOD PAY; STEADY WORK. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 32V4 FREMONT ST. Hit
DAVIS.
AN excellent opportunity for a stenographer
doing general work; office room and privi-
leges In prominent office building given In
return for nominal services rendered. Ad-
<3r«F« box 12. Call office.
WANTED — Women In ' alteration room on
' cloaks and suits; also finishers and liners
• for fur garments: also women for plain sew-
ing. Apply ROBERT WALLACE. 21» Grant
avenue. '
SHIRT. OVERALL & PANTS OPERATORS.
HEYNEMANN & CO.-
TENTH AND HOWARD STS.
A GIRL to do light housework, who lives at
home; references; no family washing or win-
dows; Sunday afternoons and evening off;
$18. Ing. »16 Haight, bet. 10 and 12 a. m.
BRIGHT, attractive young lady with good
vole* for vaudeville act; must be well edu-
cated. Apply at once In person. Theatrical
Manager, Hotel Langham. ,
RELIABLE, refined, young women wanting
positions call at 028 FlUmore st., near Mc-
Allister, from 2 to 8. daily; only those with
good testimonials need apply.'
RELIABLE woman who knows something of
business life wanted for a responsible posi-
tion; permanent place offering advancement
Bor 1297. Call.
OPERATORS- on ladies' wash irklrU; paid by
tiie week. C5O Mission St.. 3d floors 1
THE SAN, FRANCISCO , CALL;, SUNpAY^iOCTOBER 29; 1905.
HELP WAyTED- FE3IALE---Con«tnu*d
COOK for orphanage .830
2 cooks email hotel, country. • . r WO
Cook, American fami1y.... .........;.... 1535
'Cook, San Rafael, no wash $33
5 cooks, German families f 3O, $M
Pastry cook, 0ak1and.............. 510 week
Infant's nurse .'." i .$3O
Nuree for child 6 years old ...."..$3O
2 chambermaids, city. . . .". ......; ....'... i '.520
2 chambermaids, wait one meal, city • and
country .....'.. ....$20,; $25
Dining-room girl for Institution...... ....$23
Man and wife," porter and chambermaid.. s6o
Butler, city. ..$5O
2 laundresstee," private fami1ie5.. ...... ....530
Cleaning woman for institution.. ..... ....$2O
4 second girls, city and country. .... .$20,. $25
And a lar_e number of housework ' girls - for
city and country at the highest of wages.
Apply to J. F. pROSETT & CO. 334 Sutter..
WANTED— Lady pianist: young lady for illus-
trated pongs; must be of : neat • apoearance.
Apply at once in person. Theatrical Manager,
Hotel I.ar_ham.
WANTED— Experienced alteration . hands on
skirts and Jackets. Apply superintendent's
office. THE EMPORIUM.
WANTED— First-class fitter for. women's suits
and coats. Apply superintendent's office,
THE EMPORIUM.
WANTED — A German girl for cooking and,
housework; family of 3 adults; wages $30,
303 Maple st. Call in forenoon.
YOUNG girls- wanted to work in knitting
mills: good wages. GANTNER & MATTERN
CO.. 667 Grova mt. .: ' \u25a0\u25a0'-
FINISHERS on ladles' cloaks and suits; good
waees and steady work. Apply L. HOR-
VITZ. 230 Sutter at.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking;
family; wages $20. Call 1017 Webster
\u25a0t. before. 12 o'clock. ";
GIRL wanted to care for children and assist in
housework; good waees. Call 835 Octivla'
St.. the Benton. flat 3.
LADIES to do easy rapid fancy work at home;
requires no experience. 1344 Market st., opp.
Seventh.; hours 0 to B. \u25a0 '
WANTED — Young girl for light housework; 2
in family; wages $20. 2125 San Jose aye.,
Alameda. '
SALESLADY for corsets and underwear; ref-
erences and la6t place employed. Box 1302,
Call office. \u25a0
WANTED — French girl; cooking. general
housework. Apply 1394 McAllister Sunday
afternoon. j • "
WOMAN for light housework; afternoons only:
sleep home. 42 Julian aye., bet. Valencia
and Mission. \u25a0 .
OPERATORS to take work home. 656 Mis-
sion Et., 3d floor.
OPERATORS on ladies' waists; good wages.
658 Mission St.. 3d floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear. C 56 Mts-
»lcn St.. 3d floor. '
A GIRL to do general housework and cook-
ing. 3234 Washington st.
GIRLS — 16 years; good opportunity: refer-
ences. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 123 Second.
FOUR women; graduate nurse* preferred. Box
12g5. Call.
STENOGRAPHER and clerk; state age; ex-
perience and salary expected. Box 1038, Call.
EXPERIENCED operators on flannel. 11S7
Folsom st.
WANTED — Girl for cooking and downstairs
work. Apply 1412 Poet st.. Monday.
MIDDLE-AGED woman or young girl to assist '
light housework: call Monday. 558 Capp et.
COOK for delicatessen store. 145 Turk st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework: no
washing; wages $25. 218 Presidio aye.
AN elderly woman wanted for light house-
work. Call at 508% Stevenson st.
WANTED — Middle-aged lady to do light
housework at 375 Waller st. ; wages $20.
LADY solicitors for real estate. Box 1325,
Call. J:
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework.
44fi Fourteenth st. '.' \u25a0
WOMAN to take care of t>at>y day time; refer-
ences required. 422>58 Post st. \u25a0
WANTED— A middle-aged German lady to as-
sist in hctusework. 33S Devisadero et.
WANTED — Girl to assist with housework and
children. Apply at 1551 Post st.
WANTED — First-class alteration hands on
ladies" coats and skirts; steady work.
' CAILLEAU'S. 114 Kearny st. --' -. ' -
WANTED — Skirt alteration, hands. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS."
WANTED — Jacket alteration hands. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. ra. at HALE BROS.'
CIGARETTE jnakers at H. BOHLS & CO.'S,
244 Fremont st. ; to make Kadee cigarettes.
GIUL to do lleht housework; 2 In family. Ap-
ply 400 Cole Bt.
NURSE for child front 1 to 6; . wages - $10
month. Room 251. St. Nicholas .Hotel.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework; good
wages. Call 115 Cole st., near Hayes.'
WANTED — Young women to learn telephone
operating; salary while learning; references
required. Apply after 9 a. m., 216 Bush St.,
third floor. ' '
WOMEN to learn hairdressing, manicuring and
massaging; only takes four weeks; special
terms to next 10 students: evening class from
\u25a0 7 to 9. Moler System College. 405 Powell st.
WANTED — Alteration hands for coats; suits
and skirts. R. D. DAVIS & CO.
GIRL for bazaar store; experienced one pre-
ferred. ROOT'S. Sixth and Howard sts. ,
AT the Christian Home office — 2 cooks wanted.
1002 Larkin et. '\u25a0 ..
FIRST-CLASS waist and coat hands. ' 1200
Geary st. - *„\u25a0'-=
BARBERS — Employment nnd Supplies.
BARBERS' "Free Employment" Bureau, J.
B. I. U. of A. — Barbers turnishetl; city or
country; this is the only legitimate employ-
ment office. JOS. R. BLEILY. secretary,
723 Market st. ; Phone James 6026. .
$i.;(, 0 — ELEGANT 3-chalr barber shop for sale;
good business. COLEMAN, 311 James Flood
building. x ; \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0.-.-. '
BARBER shops for sale; special Inducements
offered to buyers. COLEMAN, 311 James
Flood building.
BARBER shops wanted; all those that can
bear close investigation as to their merits
may apply to D. STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
FOR sale — Paying :s-chair barber shop, with
baths; low rent. The I-ane Co.. Fortieth st.
i and San Pablo aye., Oakland. m .
FOR sale — 2-chair hotel barber shop; good fur-
niture; pood location; cheap rent; $200 cash.
2018 Folsom st. " \u25a0 \u25a0 -\u25a0. '
0-CHAIR shop: good trade; lonir lease; dirt
cheap if sold by the Ist; called East by sick-
ness. 5 Sixth st.
TO let — Barber shop with two rooms; low rent.
' 1207 Pacific aye., cor. Jones.
2-CHAIR barber Fhop, old stand; cheap: 4 liv.
room*; good location. 11H3 Hyde. • nr. Green. '
FOR sile— Barber phop. three chairs, living
rooms; rent $12. 115.'5 Howard.
FOR sale — Barber shop in club building;; good
business; 8 clubs In building. 025 G. G. aye.
HELP \VA.\TED— MALE.
AT HORD & SMITH'S Employment Office,
C2S Clay st.. Phone Main 5521.
FREE FARE to Nevada. Southern Pacific
Co.. own work; work only 40 miles east of
Reno.
Laborers, $2 to $2 25, board $1 50, no dis-
count.
FREE FARE to Siskiyou and Shasta Cos. —
12 teamsters. 52 23 day; road 200 miles lone.
FREE FARE to Solano Co., $_ 25 to $2 50.
1000
ONE THOUSAND MEN
, For the new Western Pacific Railroad Co.
. No discount.
Ulah Construction Co. , is' doing the work.
This ifi the best company on the' Pacific
Coast, from San Francisco to Salt Lake • '
$4 5(i — Stone cutters, south. FREE . FARE?,
Southern Pacific Co. work, board -home.
$3 '25 — Bridge carpenters, FREE FARE,
company work and you board home, no dis-
count.
100, drillers for railroad company, ; $2 25.
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 317 STOCKTON ST.
For. hotel, country, fare advanced, second
cook, short orders. $40; baker and help on
the range, $40; - dishwasher $30; yardman
and milk cows, $40. • Call early.' \u25a0•
VALET. $50 and found; hotel porter and- wife,
$50 and found; second • cook, country '- res-
taurant. $40 and found; restaurant cook.- slo'
week; and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO
028 Sacramento st.'; .';• :;.-\u25a0:\u25a0 .' • .^-.i-iV
WANTED — Good, strong boy to work In store.
Where Is the boy who wants, to carna piano
' In a few months? W e have a' plan. ": Call on
KOHLER & . CHASE; . ask ' for CHESBRO. , ,
WANTED — Young man, office and shipping
clerk work; one versed on streets of Oakland;
would like one having been In furniture busi- ;
ness. Apply H.'j Schellhaas/, Oakland.. v, .;, '
WANTED— IS laborers to work 'on: new wagon
road being built by California" Powder Works;
cash when/quit: or discharged; no"- discount.
Apply. E. M. CARR. Pinole.. «- ' »
WAITER . wanted for 'a \u25a0 good £ place \u25a0 in r the
country; wages -$25- per,-, month .and*':>boar3.,
'\u25a0 Apply . room 318, James; Flood -building. \u25a0'
Tm- ' Tli \u25a0_i 1 Tin- in 1 111 nil inn 1 irn
• ; " HELP WANTED— MAI.E--Contl»iied. "
; OPEN "TO-DAY, s ! \u25a0 >•".' }
\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0-•\u25a0 g to;i2 a: m.
A— MURRAY :& RE AX>Yr C34-638 ' Clay St., .\u25a0 ,
"-\u25a0 . - Phone Mala 5548.
Our Own Printing •', •
Plant Issues our , free ; list J of " positions • four
", ':','\u25a0 •'• • times dally — 7a. ,m., 10 a.' m.,
' Ip. m., 4p. m.-
EMPLOYERS, ATTENTIONI
OUR INVESTIGATION AND SEGREGA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OF
FIRST-CLASS HELP. \u25a0\u25a0'
' IF YOU WANT
THE BEST HELP. DO AS OTHERS DO—
\u25a0- SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
•MURRAY ; . &• READY, -.034-636 '.Clay: «t;,
Leading Employment and .Labor Agents,
. -* Phcne Main 5848., ~-
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
V RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
We gave in 11HH . 1905 we hope to
64,000 men work. - increase 64,000.
ARIZONA.
GOVERNMENT WORK, HALF-RATE FARE.
STEADY, TWO YEARS' JOB.
25 carpenters, bridge work, $105.' :. -
Two-hoist double-drum hoist engineers, \u25a0 $00.
FOREMAN RIGGER.
..MURRAY & READY. 034-836 Clay st.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, $5 FARE.
LOS ANGELES. REDLANDS. i CATALINA
ISLAND/NEWPORT BEACH, SANTA
MONICA, PASADENA, LONG ISLAND, .PO-
MONA. $5 FARE THAT'S ALL.
124 teamsters. $07 50.
\u25a0 64 . laborers, $67 50.
66 .hamersmen and mucxers,' $67 60. -
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
SOUTH. SOUTH.' " SOUT,H.
SPECIAL FARE $2 40.
'".V OFFICE FEE $1.
NEW GREAT RAILROAD, 2 YEARS' JOB.
> 1000— One Thousand Men— looo
Drillers and hammermen, $75. t
Laborers and muckers, $67 50. '«.
•'MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
OREGON— FREE FARE ~~
C 5 COAL MINERS.
. $1 TON— ARE YOU GOINGT
COAL. MINERS. -
MEXICO. MEXICO.
250 Coal Miners.'
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS— FREE FARE.
3C5 laborers and teamsters, different places,
some in San Francisco, $60, $75 month; come
. ice us. \u25a0 --, '
QUARRIES— TUNNELS.
64 men, different places, come see us, $75.
185 tiemakers, 13a tie.
12 farmhands, $30 found.
14 dairy men. $35 found.
12 choremen and boys, $15 to $30 found. t
SAWMILL, LUMBER CAMPS.
NORTH. SOUTH, EAST.
G5 laborers about mills, yards, etc.,- $75.
1 25 laborers, pile lumber, $60.
15 stablemen, $C 0
12 boys learn trades; YOU'LL SUIT; $4. $5,
$ti. $7 week.
GOLD QUARTZ MINES.
26 miners, steady, good jobs, $90 and $60 fd.
35 muckers, different places. $60 to $75 fd.
SHASTA— FREE FARE— SHASTA.
25 teamsters, you'll suit. TO-NIGHT, $67 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
STONE AND GRANITE CUTTERS.
4 stone and granite cutters, country job, boss
here.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Cook $CO. helper $30 fd. ; lumber hotel, fare
3 camp cooks, $60, $50, $40 fd. '
12 cooks, different jobs, $60, $70, $30, $40 fd.
6 waiters, hotels and restaurant, $30, $35 fd.
4 camp flunkies. $'J5 $."0 found.
DISHWASHERS. PORTERS. BEDMAKERS.
.BUTCHERS.
12 butchers, different places, $40, $50, $60 fd.
LAUNDRYMEN.
14 laundrymen, different jobs, $30, $50, $80
found.
Marker and distributer. $15 week.
BARTENDER.
German bartender, \u25a0> fare 13e, $30 found.
MURRAY &, READY, 034-4J33 Clay Bt.
MECHANICAL.
Printer, country shop, $40 found.
4 plumbers, $4 day, fare 30c.
\u25a0 Plumber and tinsmith, not far. $3 50 day.
FOREMAN. IDAHO— FREE FARE.
Foreman, pile driver, building coffer dams,
$4 day. • .:. -'.-\u25a0:';,•.•:.'
Metal polisher, city. $2 day. .
Tinner, galvanized sheet iron. $3 day.
Man figure on hewing out culvert timber.
Lumber trader, .northeast, $2 r>o day.
Lampmakfr, city factory, piece work. " I
2 ROOF PAINTERS,'. -CITY, $2 50 DAY. j
Belt man. factory. S3 day. |
Tenoner hand, city, S2 50 day. 1
6 CABINETMAKERS.
Blacksmith, iron foundry. ?3 50 day.
4 lather*, city jobs, *2 25 M. _
C. young men or boys, learn sash and door
trade, SI 25 day.
2 water rubbers and polish furniture, city, $2
day.
4 upholsterers, fare 20c. $3 and $2 day.
Lime burner, fare $1.\.t2.V? and $3 day.
3 PLUMBERS, ?4 DAY.
, 3 cabinetmakers: 0 banket weavers."'"
Machine hand.' rip saw, $2 25 day.
3 sticker hands, mill, $3 50 day.
. -.-Machine -stick-cr hands, $3 day.
CARRIAGE PAINTER. ?3 DAY.
Brush hands, varnishing 1 . $2 to $3 day.
;_ tinsmiths, city work, $2 to $3 day. : **;
Furniture ahd cabinet maker, city, ?2 50 day.
FREE FARE.
- CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS.
12 rough carpenters. . large lumber co., $90.
. 16 carpenters, plain house and shed and barn
and other work: corporation doing their own
work: fare ?1 30; steady, job: $105 month.
12 carpenters, special new Job, construction
.bunkhouses, trestles, etc; fare $1 25; $103
nionth. \u25a0
(i rough carpenters, city, job, $00.
Rough carpenter, fare 10c, steady job, $75 fd.
Carpenter, run Job, concrete bridge, fare 50c.,
54 day.
15 carpenters, build clubhouse, $4 day.
CARPENTERS. . •
25 carpenters, house work,- fare 51, steady
Job, S3 50 day.
1_ carpenters, special jobs, special- fare $2,
I" 50 day.
15 CALKERS. WOOD SHIP, $5 DAY.
15 CALKERS, FREE FARE.
MFRRAY & READY. 634-03(1 Clay st.
COOK and wife, institution, boss here, $60 fd.
4 farmers and wives, ?40 to $60 fd. .
. MURRAY & READY, 634-036 Clay st.
ARIZONA GOVERNMENT WORK.
FARE AND OFFICE FREE, $12 40.
555 teamsters, £60 to $67 50. -
MURRAY & READY,' 634-630 Clay st.
GLAZIER, fare 50c. ?3 day.
Plumber, city job: can washer, $35 fd. '
MURRAY & READY.' O3-1-030. Clay. St.-
1 IN SAN FRANCISCO. <
12 laborers, city Jobs, board home. $57 50.
LOOK.
Young man drive Hcht team, $12 week.
LOOK.
Waiter, lunch counter. $10 and found. r
Nurse. 10c fare. $'25 and found. '\u25a0
LOOK. : .",;•.\u25a0'.;>:
Turner, bandHawyer, 50c fare, $3 50, day. ,
, • Cooper slack barrel' work. $2 50 day.
Tinsmith. - r
Stlckerhand, fare $1 $.'! day.
FOREMEN.
2 track foremen, free fare. $3 day.
I Grade foreman, fret* fare S3 day.
- FREE FARE.
25 laborers. East Nevada.
CENTER GOLD MINES.
25 laborers you'll suit. FREE FARE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
FOR A RANCH— BOSS HERE.
Bookkeeper and typewriter, $50 and found. -
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. '
WANTED — At once, good, live canvassers to
represent us .throughout California; large
'commissions paid; complete outfits furnished
I free; good prospects ; for right, party. Full
particulars address ; Oregon Nursery C 0.,.
Salem, Or. j
WANTED — Driver* for retail delivery wagon.
Apply to superintendent of NATHAN-DOHR-
. MANN. CO., 124 Sutter st., between 9 and
10a. m. • "•\u25a0 •
MECHANICAL draftsman wanted : must be Al
man ; technlca 1 graduate preferred ; state f ull '
particulars of education and experience.. Box
1221, Call. \u25a0'\u25a0\u0084?-;;
DETECTIVE — Young men desiring to become
detectives write -International Detective Sup-
ply Co., 'Milwaukee, "Wls.
WANTED — Seamen « and : green • hands I f*r ; all
.- parts of the world. ; THOS. MURRAY, 510
; Davis: st. : - ,
BY Installment company In' Oakland,. man to
help with collections;, must reside s on • Oak-
land side. Box 6169. Call, Oakland.
WANTED— A young man' to work , In- grocery
' and drive wagon. -Call -at 23G1" Flllmore st.,
Sunday, October, 29, ' between" 7 land 9 -p.' m.
DRAUGHTSMAN on ornamental iron; ; must
understand detail and "•'. construction. >..< A.'
MERLE CO.. Bay and Stockton sts. . „. ..
Circular & sample distributers wanted every-
where: no canvassing: gcod pay. Co-operative
Adv.: Co.. N. Y. '\u0084\u25a0.,--\u25a0_,\u25a0- --\u25a0'-,--'. -\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0;,.;\u25a0'.
AN old man to help out in. an office; hours.. 0
to 4:' slo. month. C. R. HANSEN; & CO.,
':. 420 ' Bush, St.;?;:: \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0;;: .' .-.\u25a0'.' ': : _; ' ' \u25a0'• '-'
ADVERTISING' solicitors— Apply' to the -Amos
.: •' Currier fAdv. l^ Co.,'- room 32," St.- Ann's ; bldg.
WANTED— A / Hignwriter. Apply 245 Larkin '
street. . ?--;;\u25a0•.-« \u0084V;-r - \u0084 \;^: . \u25a0/.. .%\u25a0;\u25a0-, :-.-\u25a0;. .•- \u25a0
WANTED— Men to a- payings trade. Cal.,
:• Watchmaking* School,', 723 iMarketv &t:-:.\>
BOY' wanted. Apply CHAS: LYONS, i London
Tailor. 721 .ilarket; " Stevenson-st. : entrance. • " .
YOUNG : man ' of . Intelligence .to * take , u p . good
--\u25a0\u25a0;: paying business. - T . 604 -, Montgomery.! room 204;
DF/rRCTIVES ? to : learn \u25a0'\u25a0• thf» -'\u25a0 business : ". money]
, : : made .whll<» learning. 604 Montgomery, i r. 204/
FIRST-CLASS ; watchmaker , wanted ; permanent .
•\u25a0 \u25a0';\u25a0 position. ,7 Box -1040,- CaJl. ' : : \u25a0- •
WANTED— Boy for -paint shop. Applyat 264
Jessie \u25a0 st.," below ; Fourth. --• - , : . ;_ . -
aha \u25a0.'.\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0..\u25a0..-\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 --'\u25a0-\u25a0.•'\u25a0-. ,\u25a0, \u25a0
: HELP ' WAJf TT_6—-T»t ALE— Continued^.
' 'ARE"' YOU ; LOOKING-FOR iWORK? - :>v
Then Join' Independent Workmen of America.
/ Why should you join?
: ', Because It ; is a >. worklngmen's ; corporation,
.'and the main object of this corporation Is to
create a better feeling between employer and
-. employe, to maintain a house where men and
women of good character can secure the best
positions obtainable." We-wiUopen up larger
: .. headquarters shortly, where members : can
enjoy home. benefits.
:_": _" Large rooms .. are now being fitted up.
where the .general- employment business -for
our \u25a0 members will >be . conducted. \u25a0 In" the
meantime, .send your orders for first-class
help to room 31S. \u25a0
.-, For further particulars write or call room
-',;31S... James Flood building. '
WINDOW dresser and dry goods salesman,
county, ?125; valet for gentleman, $50. a
first-class place; g_rdener, city, $40 and
room; rive carrenters, S4 day; five- rough
carpenters,' s2 50 day; three miners for South
America, fare paid; farmers; ten teamsters,
$2 23 day; twenty ; laborers. $2 day; space
nnder, 5.45 and board; *and others. J. F.
. CROSETT & Co., 623 Sacramento at.
YOUNG i gentlemen of education arid abilities
to act as city and local \u25a0;- manager, cashier
and bookkeeper of ' agency .of \u25a0 one of Can-
ada's most important Ufa Insurance com-
.' panles _to be established -in this city: high
V salaries paid ; best .opportunities for parties
. ; with unquestionable references and first-class
fbond and willing to work; superintendent In.
I town. Apply, with -full' particulars, to Can-
? Ada. t box 12S1, Call office.
BOY in -large business office; salary $25 per
\u25a0 month. Box 1C36, Call. '\u25a0' .\u25a0
WANTED— Errand boys 14 years of age. Ap-
. ply superintendent's office. The Emporium. •
WANTED— First-class shipping ' clerk and
porter. - Box , 1043. Call.
EXPERIENCED man for liquor store; furnish
bonds. BROWNSTONE'S. 225 Taylor st.
CASH boys wanted ; good salary. STRAUSS
& FROHMAN. 105-7 Post st.
16 BROOMMAKERS; hignest wages; -open
shop. Box F. Call branch, 1941 Mission st.
LARGE space for tailoring in Emma Spreck-
ela building, room 607; $9 per mo. 927 Mrket.
FIRST-CLASS woolen mill wants competent
salesman' to handle blankets, flannels, flan-
nel .shirts, flannel underwear, men's half
hose, direct -from the mill 10 the large retail
trade, also * wanted competent cutter for
shirt department and flrst-class bookkeeper
to take charge of office; will sell $2500 to
$50C0 Interest In the business to right par-
ties; splendid opportunity to become inter-
ested in a profitable business. Address with
full particulars box 1269, Call. .
A NUMBER of energetic, well educated young
business" men, who have had experience
writing insurance, *to engage in business
where euch training is valuable; no capital
required. Box 1091, Call.
MEN learn the barber trade In 8 weeks; tui-
tion earned while learning; situations guar-
anteed; only up-to-date colleges in America.
MOLER'S SYSTEM COLLEGE. 644 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, haj :
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Hou»e,
217 Third ft.; 250 rooms. 25c to 50c per night.
WANTMD — Men to learn barber trade; new
method; tuition earned while learning; posi-
tion guaranteed after 8 weeks. GILLMAN'S
BARBER COLLEGE. C 27 Clay st
WANTED — Bright. Intelligent y.oung man, with
good appearance; outside work. Box 1241,
Call. '
WANTED everywhere — Hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples, etc.; no can-
vassing; good pay. Sun Adv. Bureau. Chicago.
GOOD, strong boy, $1 a, day: paper box de-
partment. Mutual L. &. L. Co., Second and
Bryant sts.. Bryant-st. entrance.
GOOD carriage trimmer on general work.
STUDEBAKER BROS CO.. Tenth and Mar-
ket sta. ' . .- \u25a0 - \u25a0 \u25a0' . -.;>\u25a0 •-.
DOMESTIC- salesman -wanted. Apply between
0 and 41 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
EXPERIENCED credit man to solicit credit
Insurance. Box 1316, Call office. \u25a0
WANTED— First-class -carpenter. non-union
preferred. f»<3s Fifty-fourth St.. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS Jewelry engraver; permanent'
olty position: state references and salary-
Box 1238, Call. ,
FIRST-CLASS jewelry salesman; city; steady
position: state references and salary. Box
1239. Call.
CITY agent wanted for large fire insurance
company: must be well acquainted and con-
nected in San Francisco. P. O. box 2694.
SALESMAN, De Lux Books, for hish-clasa
proposition; experienced, responsible. Nation-
al Alumni. -229 Parrott bldg.. bet. 9-11 a. m.
WANTED — A brass finisher and lathe, hand.
t Apply at once to JOHNSON-JEFFREY CO.,
460 Sixth St.. Oakland. - - . \u25a0 . \u25a0
MEN. and women to learn the .barber trail?;
\u25a0 special offer, to next five; new method. San-
Francisco College. 741^. Howard st. ,
WANTED— Men to fill 300 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light In every room. 6SI Howard." nr.-3d.
FIRST-CLASS bollermaker, with, good refer-
ences. Box 1318, Call. \u0084.. • :
WANTED — First-class quartz miner; steady
\u25a0 position; must furnish rcf. Box 1317, Call.
ASSISTANT shipping clerk, familiar with
druggists' sundries. Address P.O. box 555.
. YOUNG man of Intelligence to take up eood
paylnc business. CO4 Montgomery, room 204.
WANTED— Young man to drive wagon for
grocery store. "300 Devisadero, st. . '
WANTED — Boys to learn upholstering; paid
. while learning. Apply 718 Mission, st.
MEN to learn a good trade; good pay while
I learning; must furnish $10 scour. 310 Folsom.
DETECTIVES to learn the business; money
. made while learning. : CO4 Montsomery/r. 204.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
10,000 WORKINGMEN /to buy our genulna
' army shoes; all Inspected. 105 Third st.
. .
fcAILORSand ycung men <green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT 517 Jackson st. .
PENSION. atty., E. A. Bullls. r.40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. •G. A. R.
LABOR deb's- collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 49 2d st.. rm..522.
DAUTEL wants 1S0O : men to buy Inspected
Government : shoes at fi3l Sacramento st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. nr. Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms,
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office |of The . Call I for th? | recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
• been opened at 100S Market st..; opposite
Fifth. ODen 'nntir 11 0.-m..:
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Tall nrnnr¥nffli-»; rnr.. Duncan & Church jts.
; , SALESMEN WAXTED.
WANTtJD— Traveling- 'salesman for 'staple Hn«
under, contract; , paying liberal income with
ample advances for expenses; bond and ref.
required. Smith; Jennings Co., Detroit,' -Mich.
SALESMAN— Good man to cover California:
. vacancy Nov. 1 ; contract for this year and
next it Fales satisfactory; commissions and
$35 weekly advance for expenses. -W. S. FIN-
. LEY. CO.. 536-4$ Euclid aye.. Cleveland. O.
SALESMEN can easily make $10 a" day selling
our gold window letters, novelty signs . and
changeable' signs: catalogue /free. SULLI-
VAN CO.. 105 W. .Van Buren sf.. Chicago.
TRAVELING salesman 1 for, coast: staple line;
• entirely new Inducements to trade; 'high com-
\u25a0 missions; $25 ..wkly ; advance; permanent : to
right man. F. , C. , Farley Co.. Detroit.. Mich.
ONE salesman, made $480 In one; week selling
. staple linn requiring, pocket sample. only. For
details write "Manager," 101 Equitable bldg.,
St. .Louis. Mo: .. \u25a0'•• \u25a0 - v -
SOLICITORS WANTED.
$5 TO. slo per day easily made selling our eel-
. ebrated- California flavoring powders; abso-
lutely ...pure; non-alcoholic: ' asents ; wanted
, everywhere; exclusive territory given.- LONG
- BROS.. mfKr.«.. 1245 Broadway. Oakland.- Cal.
FIRST-CLASS credit insurance solicitor. Box
1313, Call office.
SOLICITORS, 55 per [day.- Apply 565- Geary.
.\u25a0' street.' :' ,.'..". . -. >,; >'-\u25a0'. \u25a0 ' - \u25a0'
..''.':" • '" , '. HORSES '4 A JfD WAGOIVS. ;
SECOND-HAND- panel top wagen; -'Victcrla:
rubber tire coupe ;.Toomey road cart: leather
top carriage and 'phaeton; cheap at 500 Gold-
" .en i Gate aye. ; \u25a0 also : 2 .' sets . 2d hand harness. .
SACRIFICE: .'- $100 liStudebuker \u25a0_ convertible
' ; trap; gnod as now; cost;? 400; useil one sea-
, son. , : : : ; 673', Thirty-sixth -St., Oakland. • -
FOR sale^-Pair yoilng^bay mares; 'speedy, gen-
• . tic apd well broken: double or single harness.
..KELLY'S. 1620 Pine, Bt.; .^ . .--•.'-\u25a0..'-\u25a0
FOR '•\u25a0 eale— Horse : and; wagon; cheap; ' In Rood
: t condition. 1 Apply J.:LEID,'SII Lindcnave.,
• i near I>apuna: st-"" % f >>\u25a0'-/ . ; . :'.
"A— ls ; HEAD of ; horses ; all \u25a0\u25a0 slzer, r colors,' from
,--,. $20.' : 37 • Croke at-T'ofl 1 Mission/ nr." Chlna'ave;
BUGGIES, -Ji light '-p wagons. .-- buckboards ami
>;,' phaeton ; j bargain^ ii S7G7 .Twenty-fourth : st."-; f '
FOR'sale—^Business- bugg>-horse and harness,
yllni first-class condition. ,'42ti: Ninth st. "•'.- v\u25a0 .
GOOD "second-hand .wasons of -all kinds cheat'
-\u25a0•j at;. 100 Golden;Gate|ave.:V .- ; '. '." '"' .
AUCTION - ; sale | of . horses,^.wagons ' and harness
-•" every .Wednesday attll a. m.. 327 Sixth «t/«;
" HOUSES TO, l^ET^, ~ _
A PRINTED llstof houses to let; sendfor dr-
\u25a0 cular? j g"h.UMBSEN &;CO-. 20 Montgmy.
•'NEW. modern house; 6, rooms and ;bath: rent
reduced. . 1417 Ninth aye.. Sunset, open sun
'day.-.. . ,'- -- .. .'\u25a0'\u25a0 - - - - - - - -
$20— PART \u25a0 of « house; 6 ' rooms -and bath. .323
Castro, near. Market, bet. . 16th \u25a0 and • I « tn.
GUERRERO. 654. bet. ISth and 19th— 7 sunny
rooms and bath, yard; rent $30.
CHEAPEST and . best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in u»»
\u25a0 'United Ptate« or Canada w year '"fj^
HOUSES '.TO LET— FURBISHED.
NICELY furnished house of 7 rooms and bath,
cempiete for hcu^keeping; Urge "««« room--
elega-nt vlewiof city. 14. tf \\ illard et..
College Kei.hts. , j \u25a0 - \u25a0' -- :
NICELY furnished house. 9 rooms: heater;
sunny; Westtrn Addition; to rent to respon-
sible party for 6 months or longer. Box
1267. Call offlc*. ; ;
$"0 FURNISHED modern small cottage; ga_.
electric • lights and bath, yard and garden-
313 First at.;. West End station. San Rafael.
HOUSE S sunny rooms; new furniture- yard;
garden: rent $60. 2650 Sacramento: call --*.
OAK 419— Elegantly furnished house. 10 sunny
rooms. 2 ' baths, piano, garden, yard.
HOUSES TO LET— MILL VALLEY.
SUNNY villa, furnished: 7 rooms, bath. C
TOOHEY. 3_: V.. or 31- Montgomery st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
NEW, neat cottage at San Francisco'/ health-
ful beach ; 4 rooms, bath, lavatory, gas and
. electric light; sun all day; rent reasonably
Take Park and Cliff House car, stop at 48th
aye., ifo scuth one-halt block to No. 12.5.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms. 1%-story and basement;
cars to Crescent aye.. on to first
street to right; $11. •*
COTTAGE, 4 rooms; rent $15; take. Folsom-st.
car. Apply lumber yard, corner Army and
Condon sts. •
2 FURNISHED cottages. 4 rooms, 3 rooms;
large yard. 109 Bartlett at.
HOWARD, 2769— Cottage, 4 rooms, bath. gas.
cellar and yard; rent $20.
FOUR room cottage, large basement and yard."
715?4 Grove st. \u25a0;.'•\u25a0\u25a0
TO let — Cottage; 4 rooms and bath. Apply 058
Chenery st. :
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath. Elliott Park.
near Stelner St.. bet. O'Farrell and G«ary.
HOUSE-CLEANING.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng . Office— All kinds
help. 1911 Flllmore St.; phona West 258.
HOTELS.
HOTEL St. Nicholas. Market. Larkin. Hayes
sts.— Heart of S. F.; modern; American and
European plans; electric lights and phona
In every room; hot and cold water; qulst.
, INVALID CHAHIS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturer of th»
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt; tel. Park 775.
LAUNCHES FOR _HIRE.
C. A. McNEILI. LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
«t.. for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 834.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Ten shares stock Scottish Rit» T«m-
ple Association of San Francisco, certflcata
No. 224, issued to GEORGE W. LAKE.
Fmder, or any person having information lot
same, please inform HENRY BURNER, seo-
retary, room 50. Masonic Temple, Post and
Montgomery sts.
WILL the man who found ths- diamond ring at
Ellis and Stockton sts.. October 23. return
some to 40 Geary st. and recelva reward.
LOST — White bull terrier bitch pup, freshly
trimmed ears. Return to Waldorf Billiard
Parlors. 8 Eddy st. ; reward.
• LOST — On Sacramento, Fillmore or Pacific sts.,
a round steel pin. green center. 2037 Plerca
st. and receive reward.
LOST — Wednesday, 25th.. locket and chain,
engraved F. p. Return to Emporium candy
department: reward.
LOST— Oct. 15. lady's gold watch. No. 1584575.
Return to 1712 Francisco st.. Berkeley, and
receive reward.
LOST— Friday night, open-face watoh: Initials
B. M. E. on back; attached to fob; from
Portland fair; valued as tfeepsake from"dead
father. Reward " If " returned to Yc-aemlte
. Saloon, 750' Market st. ' V" -
LOST— A pass book with the Htbaraia Savings
j and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
' name of FRANK B. HANNAWAY.'No. 254-
; 056. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Pure black spaniel dog: answers to
. name of "Nick"; has owner's name and ad-
dress on collar. Return G. E. ENGLISH.'
Davis at. ; reward. ' -. * :
LOST — A blue Great Dane dog: short cropped
ears; No. of tag 1169; name Noisy; a liberal
reward will be paid. DR. BAUMEISTER,
corner Dolores and Twenty-ninth sts.
LOST — $25 reward. October 10, a large size
Irish terrier with a black collar; no ques-
tions asked. Return to office of Hotel St.
Francis.'
LOST — A pocketbook containing gold locket.
$S0 in currency. $5 in gold, initials I_ I_ on
book. liberal reward. 1846 McAllister st.
LOST — Tan purse, with Initial F. on steamer
Tiburon, containing diamond and wedding
dine Return 2426 Howard; liberal reward.
LOST — Locket, square. G. C. G. monogram,
picture In3lde': suitable reward. 104 Sixth st.
* MATRIMONIAL.
HONORABLE Eentleman of 40. assured In-
come of $-50 month, also" valuable property,'
would not be averse to meeting a respect-
able ana virtuous _irl under 20. with kind
disposition, about 5 feet 4 or 5 inches tall,
weieht about 110 or 120, with good figure
and neat drenser; .object possible marriage
and trip East; one that will be a good, true
friend, partner: and pal for life. Box. 1293,
Call office. -- .
GENTLEMAN with means would like to make
the acquaintance, of American or German
Kirl, 18 to 35; . object matrimony. Room 43,
first floor, Denver House. 217 Third st.
YOUNG man who Is 20 years old with good
a income wishes to make the acquaintance of
an honest working girl; object matrimony.
Box 1050, Call office. ;
ARTIST has mountain home, good ranch, sum-
( mer resort, wishes to correspond with younsr
lady; object matrimony. Address S. CaCkil
branch. 2200 FiHmore. - \u25a0. \ • .
GENTLEMAN, aged CS. would like the ac-
quaintance of refined lady: object matrimony.
'. Address box 1270, Call office.
EASTERN lady wishes to correspond with
elderly gentleman; matrimony. Box 1262,
Call. \u25a0"
MEDICAI_
DR.' G. W. O'DONNELL— Ladles, all who are
-sick or in trouble, consult this 'specialist on
femals complaints: positively corrected; the-
-unfortunate helped; the most difficult cases
treated: every case taken; immediate relief;
no poisoning- drugs; : lew fees: my methods
will cure ' all cases of irregularity ; consult
. me: save time and money: advice free.'..Offlcs
101S Market st.; hours 9 a. m. till 9 p, m.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; .instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years" experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL., reliable specialist for all'fe-
. male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. - Office hours 0 to 5. Sunday
10 to 2. IOCSVs Market at., opposite Fifth.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold;' price ?2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
ir.ges and tablets; ; price *5. By exprsss only
on receipt of • price. ; OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. -Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland.
WOMEN'S diseases and Irregularities cured in
"i hours; Au years' experience without a fall-
i ure; no trifling; atrictlyprivate; elite "petron-
\u25a0 'age only. Dr. Sylvester's office. 1206 Market.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— urfica and residence
; 1021 »>i Market St.." bet. Cth: and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of . women."
DRS. GOODWINS' herb treatment; reliable,
- safe, prompt for female irregularities; relief
or no fee; SU>; hrs. 9-S.. 850 Mkt. St.. suite 37.
A— MRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth St..
bet. Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East 607.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original, method of ; treatment. ' 1126 Market.
I. DR.- ROSEN, residence 2035 Folsom st..- corner
\u25a0 ..Twenty-sixth: ladies, relief or.no fee; $10. •
DR. HOWARD, tadles" specialist— Relief or no
f«»e: $10; bourn. Ojto 9. .906 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Th« Weekly
Call. IS pases, rent : to any address In the
UHf.i States nr Canada one year for $1.
j MINES AND MIXING.
WANTED-^Party Cwith ' $50.0f.0 : to ; further de-
( "veloplns: and cnlanrinK a srold ; placer mine in
; California now working- ami paying: thorough
i- investigation -solicited: none .but » party . with
' amount '.naTOcd.- entertained: -?no <agents.
Box .'i'.i-j:;. Call- ofnccrftßßHf-HMBHpi
THE; only.*- reliable * iron : mines on - the Pacific
~ Coasti for \u25a0 sale. 1 Address ; Manager. 2605 : How-
anl'st.. S. ? ->%nßn_B__S_B-__l
Misc^ij-tjn-OPS- : --g t <> B ' axLB.
2 4S-IN. Peiton water wheels. _ronx««
buckets." shatt. boxes, etc.. .to.; al-
Belt-driven worm-gear hoist for eleva-
tor, complete ".•• ••••••-• • ; ""' *T_i
Planer knife emery. gri_der:AJ...- £»
«gT££! SVSS%Sf iiii__^:: SS
2 80 HP. R- L W. internal firing, high-
pressure- boilers, perfect geras. .^. . • • . »=»
llii HP. ' Westlnghouse motor, 22>v. •• • *100
1 5 HP Westlnghoasa motor. 220v..~... \u2666»
Wood-sawing boiler and engine, saw, ar-
bor. belt, etc.; all complete... 1250
Brand new Sx4_3 pumps ..._.....-•. .._ ..... -• |"
2-in. centrifugal pump. «^»i e «.^ *J?£rV f^
2%-ln. centrirugal pump.' complete (new). *s»
_. f 2_°l^ W£ CO.S-" engi-e. A lM«g»
7xlo Atlas steam engine, complet* $100
9x12 -Standard engine < Bt ."f_V n'*V«_trl-6n '*V«_trl-
6 HP. gasollno engine, with 4- In. centrl-
iu_al pump. PIP» connections, suotloa
Sff ffi?_w^tr_taer. all compete.
mounted on. new wagon, with pole ©'
shafts^ guaranteed _""**_•* '
Compound, marine type, steaia engine. «I-
«ct connect^ to 6-ln. centrifugal
pump, Al madlne '.IC'V.
2 HP Hercules gasollna tngto*. wltH 3-
in. centrifugal pump (new) . . .. .^ . _..^. \u2666*-»
85 HP. marine gasoline engine, complete,
with propeller, -haft. •tern-beartn*
tank, batteries, dynamo, etc.. etc.... #«»
60 many thing* and not space
you about them. If Interested _t all In any-
thing la the above line call and \u25a0«•_» (*?«-
\u25a0eelng all the others that claim to b* la this
UB We glv» "nothing for nothing." Too caa
get value recel-ed her»; that la all you can
isle; one price only: no dickering. -. *
We buy at the "drop of the hat. Totjbuy
on your time, whether your "bonnet" drop* o?
noL
We pay- »pot cash.
Tw _riwHr^^cHXN_-iTcex. .
130 Beale at.. S. F.
H 8. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office and Salesroom. ISO Bealo st
Works and Yards. Ninth and Bryant sta.
We have a brand new lot of pipe, completa.
t SS^W^S?lS_d«* f^t (n.w>
£-tach pipe.. ..s3 05 per hundred feet (new)
1-inch pipe $5 70 per hundred feet (new)
IU-lnch p pe....17 6O per hundred feet (new)
IU-inch pipe.... »S 90 per hundred feet (new)
1-Inch glpe...|U9s per hundred feet (new)
2U-ln. acrew pipe (2d hd); ready for use, 10c
1-m. Screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use. 13^9
8%-in. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use. l£c
4-in! screw pipe (2d hd): ready for use. 19c
Send by check, money order or coin by v>. F.
"""S co..
Ofne« 120 Beale st.
- Refercn— — Any bank, banker or publlca-oa.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pu—ps.
pulleys, shaftlnfT. etc.. etc.. bought, cold.
rented and exchamred; see Sunday papers.
H. 3. WHITE MACHY CO.. 130-132 Beale *.
SOME PITTS SPECIALS
For This Weelc.
I carry a full line of the late*t and mea*
ap-to-dat. - TATIONERT .
Fine Writlnr Paper In beautiful eartan
boxes, in all latest tints and taxtu— ••
per box • fi0 °
A special line of nn« corr «spcn49nee P-P*»_.
In daintily decorated boxes, per b0_....550
OFFICE BTATION_aiT
And Supplle*
In very large line and very choice assortment,
including letter flies, bill files, pads, legal
blanks, typewriter paper, memorandum books
and blank books oi -U kinds; all at small -
profit prices.
THAT MAN - PITTS.
> 1008 Market. St.. Saa Francisco. ; \u25a0
FOUNTAIN PENS.
Waterman's Ideal Fountain Pens. Coo_-
lin's Self- Filling Fountain Pens. Asp*- -•»'..*,
daily good Fountain Pen $1 CO
THAT MAN PITTS.
1008 Market St., San Franclaco.
Wv_*Tl_uaa:":? ;?$?»?
Very select line BSO 09
Fine line of Lather Brushes at. SOo
Good Razor Hones from V. ........... .250 v?
COMBS AND BRUSHES • -
For Men and Women.
Also Pocket Combs, Hand Mirrors, Picket
Mirrors, Tooth and Kail Brushes at UtU*
Prices.
POCKET KNIVES.
Here is where I excel. My line la top-notch
and embraces all the best brands of the world. .
Am offering a specially good Pockat Knife,
with three excellent blades, fortified
ends, stag handles, suitable for lady or
gentleman, at • $1 OO
Another fine value, with three razor steel
blades, and pearl handle; fashionable
chape and size. Special at (150
THAT MAN PITTS.
1008 Market _9t.. San Francisco.
SCISSORS.
A full and excellent line, including all kinds
and shapes of Shears. Buttonhole Scissors, at
25a up; Guaranteed Manicure Scissors, at 50a
up; Embroidery Scissors, at 25c up. ....
THAT MAN PITTS,
1008 Market st.. San Francisco.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent table*
with privilege of buying; modern bar fix-,
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK- BALKE-
COLLENDER. 652 Mission. St.. 3. F.
A FULL variety of dogs and pups of all de-
scriptions; remember the College Kennels
are the largest In the State; specialty of
shipping dogs to all parts; dogs boarded.
115 Haight St.: Phone Park 442.
A — BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
. gines, boilers. " water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 336 Main st. \u0084 -
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes: cheap.
EUGENE RILEY & SONS, office 400 Main
St.; warehouse. 100 Vallejo. St.
t MACHINIST lathes, extra, heavy. 34, 22 and
10 Inch; bargain. JOHNSON & HORAX. 6C_
Third st. .
FOR sale — A bargain; 1 7-HP. gas engine, used
for exhibition only, with belting complete.
Apply 412 Mission st. \u25a0
MACHINERY, boilers and engines bought,
sold and exchanged : power plants In their
entirety bousht. Western Mhy Co.. 230 Main.
FOR. sale — White- Plymouth Rocks; also good
watch dog. SCHABEL. 611 Wyoming aye..
. Ocean View. : .
A— GENTS' full dress suits to rent. J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton St.. second floor.
SHOES — Ladles*, gents' misfit and cast oft
shoes; highest prices. Benson's. 7K) Mission.
FOR sale — New 2-horse horsepower; everything
complete. 1510 Harmon st.'. Berkeley.
8000 FT 3. 4. 8 pipe: brass- and iron fllllnsrs
for same; 2d hand. THOMPSON. 40 Main st.
'\u25a0 PAPER flowers for decorating. 12 Cleveland
St.. off Seventh; rear. MRS. LANGFORD.
FOR sale— lS- ft. launch. 3-horsepower engine.
nearly new. Peters Machine Co.. 21 Spear.
•FOR sale — Cow. 3 'years old: 2 gallons mil.i
daily: very gentle. $25. 74 Clifford st.
A NICELY marked: 4-months-old Scotch Collie.
$5; milk wagon. $20. 2725 Howard St.. .
NEW alternating motor. IVi-HP.. 220.y01ta. 2-
phase, l-killowat; cheap. 712 Capp st.
ELEGANT 3%-foot. enameled bathtub: 111 30;
20x30 W.. E. sinks, %l 50 up. 213 4th «t.
THOROUGHBRED Irish water spaniel (rat
tall). 1625 Union st.. Oakland. '
FOR sale — Icecream parlor and tamala cafe;
t new. 2*308 Market st. v • \u25a0
TWO large elk horns fot~»ale> cheap. Sl9 Plerca
street. *\u25a0 ' - _
200 PIGEONS cheap. Call or address F. H.
JARVI3. Laurel Grove. Frultvale. Cal.
FOR sals— Winchester "repeating shotgun; la
> splendid condition. Box ISIO, Call office.
SEVERAL fine Martin guitars; bargains. H-
MULLER. -Latham place*.
BEAUTIFUL gent's diamond ring. 2 carats.
$100. PAUL V. GARIN. 114 Sutter st.
MAGNIFICENT pearl and diamond cluster
ring $100. - PAUL V. GARIN. 114 Sutter sc.
DESKS and: office furniture bought, sold ami
• exchanged. , : .T. ID. MCCARTHY. SQ7 Mission."
E.VC. HUGHES— Printer. 5Vt Sansom* St..
* San Franrlaco. V **' \u25a0\u25a0 " .
SOLID silver tea set. 5 pieces, at a bargain. 10
Sixth st.:-.: '-.^ .. '--\u25a0',•>.- \u0084
TWO • merry- go-rounds : ' one mintatur* nUlway.
* BACIGALUPL SO5 Kearoy »vjnSCELLAATEOU^F<^R^AJL^ : --Coa^
EHEHTTtELD hollow-ground razors, 5Cc; eelilng
out our cutlei-y ar.d stationery department.
feUNEET BAZAAR. 42 Third st
\ I( jH trade second-hand oince sate and wagon
t ecalf. PAKCELLS SAFE CO.. -»> California.
6A k FES — New and scccna-hanrt. THE HUR-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic iaaterMrJ sule. rcr.ia:;
oargglng. nuu.AP.U & CHECK. i::i l'cst st.
C3 , J -. E , API - ST ii: " a tv:; ' { ;n America— The V,Vk!y
m |t_g«i>, W rt a> snv a.idrcjs in the
Ur.ited Ftatcs or Cnnqt-a, onr year tor SU
MISCI.LLANE.OVS WAXTS.
PIGEONS \u25a0war.ted — Uur.ts, hen pigeons and
crosses for squab; eisa want exr#r:enceii
man, quick wcriier; e_cc;ient prcsr-ects. Box
CIT2. Call. Oaklar.d.
•» ANTED — ButE iilauer, bar.dsaw, caw tables;
wot!l_ take er.tire Elar.t. price richt. 801
1041. Call offl.-e.
AAAAA — E&Shett prices for ladies', genvs" casl-
oit clothing. T<l. Davis 525. liiO Sacramento.
M. LEVY pays ' highest prices gents' cast-oif
clothing. she?; u-1. Red 1544. 615 WasMngton.
COLLECTION of mint-r_!s tor etudy wanted.
ACd. MAX rRET. Idria, £an Benito Co.. Cal.
Wanted — 50 yards of St-lncS carpet: must
t>e cheap for cash. Bix 1291. Call offlce.
WE pay cash Indies' and gents' clothing. Tll-
ton's a.U?St P&rlcrs. 154 ;Hh; tel. Howard 1187
WaNTKD — To rent, email, open gas boat;
about 4 months. IV. x 1-43. Cail. Oakland.
KOTOR b'.toe for sale; I*4 horse power. A, R.
HEEP. 413 Twel'.th St.. Oakland.
SAr*E wanted — Give make. measurement*
"Weight, condition end price. Boat 3SSS. Call!
DIAMONDS, etc. bought for cash. Karl Eber
& Co.. 400-401 Adarr.E bldg.. 2C6 Kearny st.
BIOXEV TO L.OAK.
W-AA-HERIIANW -AA-HER1IAN MURPHY.
W 601-6c>2-&« Examiner Building.
WJ Quick eettlemeats; no disuppoinunenta.
Kav« expenses by dealing directly.
Eetate«, second <nortgEges, ur.dlvlded lnter-
«st_v -a-fctUBCBt- cf rents, property in trust
\u25a0 «tc; legacies, iue e«_ite» and undivided In-
terests in croft rty purchased,
c Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When you need money
Sx HERMAN MURPHY.
ANY salaried employe or wage earner caa
GET JUST ON HIS NOTE:
_ Mo. Seml-Mo. Week.
ISO— Return to us $13 S5 or $6 €5 or (3 S3
20— Return to u5...... 800 or 400 or 200
20 — Return to us & 35 or 2€5 or 1 35
\u25a0 15 — Return to us 4 00 or 200 or 1 00
Or any other tun and pay back in proportion.
STAR LOAN CO. cf Wyoming.
Room 311. Mutual E-%ing» Back building.
WILL LOAN
reasonable amount oa
let £d or 3d
Mortgagee en real estate
In city, town or country.
Low rate cf intere«t.
Give full canicular*
". , of property.
Location, etc.
Box 2-3. Call offlce.
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton st.. near Market
2d floor.
Loans made to e-laried people without any
'publicity or ether Inconvenience on their
notes. Loans «n real estate ia probate; life
insurance pcUcie*, estates, eecood mart-
gagee. acgl^nments of rents, etc.
6ALARY LOANS
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
. lty cr Indorsement, knowledge o* employer or
any on«; «onfldtntial ar.d courteous treatment;
, call 'and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances en diamonds, lewelry. at 1
X*r cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
878 Market et.. tel. Main 1644 Branch 1192
Market ft. and iTT Third ct-
Y^y amount <julckiy on tare-tore or piano
/ without removal cr other security; lowest
raies; no commission; confidential. 606-7
Dcnchoe bldg.. c Taylor st.. corner Market.
lIGNBT leased to £a.:«r.*?d people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; «asy payments; large business In 40
rrincipal cities. TOLMAN. 55.J Parrott bid*.
Jl — Lowest ratt» on tea] esv_i«-. Ist cr -d mcrt-
1 £ tf«. life tTjSursincs. cr on any security, any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Oarj'. room :JB.
ORIGINAL Uncle U'ii—li you .ook .'or lowest
rate of interest and square deal. Old Flood
b!dg., SOft Market, cor. 4th. suit* 1. est. IS'JS.
*LVa Cc. (The> loans meney 10 salaried people
without 6-jciyity; good terms ar.d easy i.ay-
BWOt»j also en ether security. £07 Flood blig.
UONEV to lc»n at . low rate or iaierest; goid.
<s:!ver, diamonds, pearl* and precious sfc>ne*
bright ct W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
6ALARIED pecpie wUfcout »ecur:t> ; also oa
fum.. estates Jn probate, ilfe ins. policies,
Empire Loan & Invest. Co.. t"l2 Parrott bids-
' » _^__^__— — — —^— —^_^—_^— —
8% ON furniture _: pianos; Sl5 up: no removal:
no com. V. TREIIAIN. room 81. 6 Edcy st.
ANY amount, real estate cr other security:
$100 up. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. is.
DON'T borrow meney on salary until you see
us. Button Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
ALL loans cr. diamonds &: Jewelry at 2 per cent
\u0084 mo. 6. P. Collateral Loan Bank. S3S Kearny.
McGARVIE & C 0..720 Market st., loam money.
««3 to SO per cent of valuation of property.
CASH loaned salaried people en notes without
lndcrser. MORRHLL 600 Examiner bidg.
MON"EY WANTED.
TT ANTED — To borrow $2500 on flrst-class se-
curity. Box 1273, Call office.
*4 MUSEUMS.
/BR~LIEBIO~STArF Free Museum of Anatomy
' moved to 1023 Market St.. near Sixth.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A NUMBER OF UPRIGHT BARGAINS.
English upright for practice, $55.
French upright, a little better, $63.
Also a Chickering, Vose. Sterling, Curta-.
grr.ith & Barnes, Mozart Neuman. from $143.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell gt.
Ol'R large and increasing renting business en-
ibles us to rent the best pianos in the city for
J_ 50 and $3 per month, some at $2; one
year's rental ci lowed tf piano is purchased.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-ti4 Hayes.
A NEW piano for rent at $3 per mo.; others
at $2 and $2 50; one year's rent allowed if
purchased. ECOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO..
Hayes ft.
LEFT on eale by private party; Steinway.
$18,*': no reasonable cash offer refused. 237
Geary Bt. '
AN upright piano; price $475; offer wanted to-
day. 654 Valencia et. .
AN elegant Chickering upright; $165. 237
<s<°ary st. __^___^______^__^______
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLERy maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister Bt.. manufacturer
Hornung Bros.' pianos; agt Laff argue piano.
ELEGANT • uprights, new. 2d-hand, $tt>-$5OO.
PIERCES Piano Factory. Market and 14th.
AI MOST given away; unredeemed storage pl-
anos, furn. White head's storage. 1C36 Mrkt
6OHMER Byron Msuzy pianos. Cecilian piano
> player. BYRON MAtZY, 3CS-312 Post st.
NEW upriphi pianos sc!d en $5 monthly pay-
mer'ts. SCKMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
8-PEDAL Btetnmy up: Chickerlng baby grand.
Fhonineer ll»tl«> us* 1 -}. Ketfte'n. 2WS O'Farrell.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
CORNER store, rear rooms. In new building,
Po!k end Union: progressing district: $25 to
suitable parties. Apply 235S Polk gt.
MAJESTIC bl<3?.. 12S1 Market st— Nice mod-
ern <iffice* to let; $:0 per month and up.
OFFICE? — Siime block es new Postcffice. New
Arlington. 3010 Market st.
6TORE and 4 room.*; larg>j yard; $25. 71S
Turk Et., near Van N*s» a.ye.
I*IIOTO SUPPLIES.
PHOTO PRINTING.
Discount of 10 per cent allowed o« orders of
more than 6 print* each from 6 negatives.
Here sre foat pricee: 2-i_'Jli. 4c cacti; 2>4«
4'i ZMx'A l^ And SU-^'i. sc; 4x5 and Sv^x
t4. r,c: 5x7. 10c
'rnnE kodak
If you buy your film* of cut or have me do
your photo printing^
I Carry A Full Line of % .
NON-CURLING FILMS.
My prices for films In rolls of blx exposures
«re ** follows: 2'4-2Vi. 15c; 2'.4x3%. 20o;
23~x4'4. 25c; 3y.x3^4. 30c; S^st*^. »sc: 4x5.
\ts4 ar.d 3UxSH. <sc: Sx7. *oc.
\u25a0*r For ro'l* cf twelve exposures: 2%x3U. 40c;
f^x4'M. fiOc: *%x3^. COc; S«x4U. 70c; Z^x
IV» ClO exposures). 70c; 6x7. $1 oft.
THAT MAN PITTS.
1008 Market «t. Sas Francisco.
* • "M-A-R-C-O-N-I OF HEALERS." !• •
• "TOTAL DEAFNESS," wonderful EXPERI-
MENT suggestive of WIRELESS TEL-
EGRAPHY:: "Mr. Johnson's ear > waa
WSAJf several yc-ars. (Last Thursday) In my
present Rexradio stood 15 feet distant from
him. then made a motion as of THROWING
vvitn hiss hands. He said, "I have thrown my
H'D RADIUM power to his ear and restored
» his hearing." The patient's sound tar was
next securely closed and the restored tar
distinctly heard and the patient correctly re-
peated sentences that I WHISPEKED at 15
ff'ct from him. I have seen many EX-
TRAORDINARY CURES by Rexradio, but
this wan the MOST AMAZING OF ALL. It
reminded me of WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
Kexradio is the MARCONI of modern heal-
ers. Take a DEAF person to him and "you"
can WITNESS him REPEAT this MARVEL.
Recently I saw him make a DEAF MUTB
(in 3 seconds) both HEAR and SPEAK. In
my opinion NO person need REMAIN DEAF
with such a marveloua power at hand. The
came day I SAW a nearly HELPLESS PAR-
ALYTIC instantly enabled to RAISE his ieg
* feet high; also RUN and JUMP. No, mat-
ter who "doubts" or "denies" these things,
they are TRUE and I am ready to co state
OX OATH. \u25a0 I will give you NAMES and
ADDRESSES of many I have SEEN him
(successfully treat for alleged "incurable"
PARALYSIS. LUMBAGO. SCIATICA.
GOITRE, total DEAFNESS, LOCOMOTOR
ATAXIA, DEAF-MUTEISM, etc. in "each"
case the great benefits being INSTANTA-
NEOUS. Personally I had severe and often
disabling RHEUMATISM off and on over 20
years, making me BEDFAST weeks at a
time. I spent THOUSANDS of dollars vain-
ly seeking a cure. Rexradio thoroughly
CURED me by ONE treatment and I ItB-
MAIN perfectly well after EIGHTY-EIGHT
DAYS. You caa WRITE or SEE me, — C.
EXGLEKE. 221 Steiner 6t." (Mr. E. for
years owner und editor of CAL. JOURNAL.
has for 40 years been a prominent citizen.)
"LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA" had made me
nearly HELPLESS, when by ONE brief
treatment I was able to move my, till then.
IMMOVABLE arm, RAISE my nearly POW-
ERLESS leg "4 feet" high and LEAP off
the floor on October 7. and I am continually
improving to data, I SAW the 2 cases as
above reported by Mr. Engleke. Words are
too poor to describe the almost "Incredible"
wonders I caw performed, and I can give
you "names" and addresses of the patients.
WRITE me or CALL— W. Ell wood, 1114
Howard st NUMEROUS equally wonderful
successful treatments (last week.) CALL and
SEE the patients and their testimonials.
Consultation FREE. "All" visitors receive
a FREE SAMPLE of the healing power.
BEDRIDDEN patients VISITED. Rexra-
dio' s offlce hours, 2 to 6. 609 Kearny st
OPEN SUNDAYS.
VISITING CARDS
In lots of 100 50c
Engraved cards from plate $100
All up-to-date engraving done at popular
prices. t '. • *v
THAT MAN PITTS,
lOCS Market st
* SOUVENIR POST
CARDS.
All that have been issued to date In art
souvenir or comic varieties. Souvenir view
books of California. 250 up. All the guides
and maps. "\u25a0:.\u25a0;"'"';"»
Violin strings — including CCC Make.
THAT MAN PITTS,
1008 Market st.. San Francisco.
CTKO PHOTO
PRINTING PAPER.
A developing paper and prints by artificial
light Sample dozen of any size up to
and including 4x5 15c
A full assortment of Kodak Mounts and
Albums.
PHOTO PLATES.
8^1x414, 40c box: 4x5. 55c; 5x7. $1 00.
THAT MAN PITTS.
1008 Market Et. San Francisco.
ALjxj X Jtl r* IjA ILOX
MAGAZINES AND PERIODICALS.
SEFRO.
Ladles renovate your own feathers with
Sefro- sent with full Instructions for clean-
ing and curling on receipt of -sc. ROSLNE
MFG. CO.. lock box 234. Oakland.
IF FREDERICK W. BRANN Is living, let
h!m or any one having knowledge of him
communicate with A. P. BLACK. Mills
building. San Francisco. Cal.
DR. MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer; he will
challenge the world to produce its equal;
shipped to all parts of world. 352 O'Farrell.
$1 and $2 50 size bottles; take no substitute.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also'
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. G«">. Matthews. 709 Fifth et.. Oakland.
' MRS WILLIAMS, formerly Of Mission, friend
of Mrs. E. J. Ayer, will learn of business
to her advantage by calling upon Mr. L. H.
Sweeney. 116 Market st
MME GILLINGHAM, dermatologist: wrinkles
absolutely removed without pain; contour re-
stored. »30 Market st. : tel. Montgomery 1311.
MORPHINE opium laudanum, cocaine habit:
myself cured; will Inform you of harmless
home cure. Mary Baldwin, box 1212. Chicago.
DREAMS AND VISIONS, their nature and
significance. By DR. J. BALL. 1073% liar.
ket st; price 25c postpaid.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market st
STAR hair remedy, tonic, restore* color, cures
dandruff, stops falling; druggists, hair dress-
ers. Star Remedy Co.. 821 Polk st
OLD picture frames refinished like new: reason-
able. California Decorating Co., 206 sth «t.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. the tailor. 728 Market st.
MISS UNDERWOOD, electric needle -peclal-
iet. 814 gutter st. Phone East 5646.
8 BRAND new tailor-made men's suits, cost
$25 for $9 75. 440 Bush, nr. California Hotel.
$1 A WEEK; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS.
1127 Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
. opened at 1008 Market st, opposite Fifth. \u25a0
Open until 11 p. m. \u25a0\u25a0 :-4T-"'
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason s\, now lo-
cated at C 67 Geary st, neat LeavenworthJ**
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PLUMBING.
LICENSED independent plumber wants work
from property owners; all necessary shop
tools; city or country- Box 1277, Call.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED — Partner in frame und art etore with
$300 to $500; good returns; if you mean busi-
ness 1 investigate. Box 6168. Call, Oakland.
WANTED — Lady wishes partner to join her
in opening an employ, offlce. | Box 1260. Call.
PAINTING AND PAPERHANGING.
ROOMS papered, $3 50 up; 75.000 rolls wallpa-
per. 5c up. Hartr.iar.il Paint Co.. 319 Third.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented; U. S and foreign;
patent law. F. P. MEDINA. R32 Market st.
RAZORS.
i SAFETY RAZORS.
Star Safety Razor, regular $2; my spe-
cial price ..$1 50
Extra blades 1 00
Gillette Safety Razor, with 12 blades, re-
quiring no honing or stropping 6 00
12 extra blades 1 CO
Ev*r-ready Safety Razor. 24 blades 5 00
Extra 12 blades 1 CO
'Yankee Safety Razor 1 fiO
j Gera Safety Razor 1 50
THAT MAN PITTS.
F. W. Pitts, the Stationer,
lOCS Market Et, San Francisco,
' ~~ RAZORS. '
1 have one of the largest and finest' tines In
the city. My special razors at $1 00 and $1 50.'
Jordan. Henckel and Stiletto at $2 00. Corn
Parers. 75c. Hair Clippers, $1 00 up.
RAZOR STROPS.
A carefully selected assortment . In all the
best materials, from 250 up.
Star Safety Strops... $1 00
Star Stropping Machines..... ..'.sl 60 and $2 50
R&zors Honed and Ground; H0ning........ 25c
THAT MAN PITTS.
100S Market St., San Francisco. .
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good -No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, 125; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals. $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st »
THE SA^jFEL^asroE^_l^
\u25a0 ROOMS FOR HOUSEKJEBPING.;
ALTAMONT, SE. corner Washington; and, Ma-'
son — Fjirniehed or unfurnished 3-room apart-
ments: convenient. > ' , * I.' - ' i
BUCHANAN, U2O, corner , McAllister— Fine
sunny front housekeeping suites*. with all
\u25a0 modern conveniences; I clean, • airy and new;
regular kitchens; $15 and $10; adults. \u25a0 VAp-
p!y t)S9 McAllister st. , , . \u25a0
BKYANT. 444 — One ;or 2 sunny rooms nicely
iurnlshed for housekeeping. ..-.:"\u25a0
BUSH. 037. The Chesterfleid— Fine apartments
in new, modern house; convenient location;
reasonable. „ .\u25a0 . > \u25a0'."
BUSH. 1411 — 1 or 8 furnished or unfurnished
rooms. . . : . ".\u25a0.-.- ...\u25a0\u25a0-. : . :'\u25a0-\u25a0+:'. --..':' -:-
BUSH. 1628, near Van Ness aye. — Nicely, fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms; . all eon-
venlences; 4 rooms: $27 60. : "
BRYANT. 44S— Housekeeping rooms. '
BRYANT, 618 (rear) — 4 unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms, porch and yard; rent $9.
BUSH, 855 — Furnished housekeeping room*.
CALIFORNIA. 1255— Lower : flat; pleasant
1-oupekeeplng rooms. ' ; '
CALIFORNIA, 1502%— Fine -furnished sunny
front housekeeping rooms. ' ; .. ' .
CASTRO. 274 — Furnished housekeeping rooms;
reasonable.
CHURCH, 294 — Sunny housekeeping rooms to
let \u25a0 - .- \u25a0 . \u25a0 ...
CLEMENTINA. 440— Nicely furnished rooma
for housekeeping.
EDDY, 1320 — Sunny housekeplng rooms;- also
single; very -reasonable.
BDDY. 329 — Pleasant furnished housekeeping
rooms to let *. '
EDDY. 468 — Sunny housekeeping suites to let:
convenient
EDDY. - 516 — Sunny housekeeping rooms and
elngle rooms, $17, $10, $8.
EDDY, 601. cor. Larkin — Nicely furnished
housekeeping roome; sunny.
EDDY, 610 — Housekeeping rooms.
EDDY, 633 — Large eunny front housekeeping
rooms; use of kitchen; closets; .reasonable;
desirable location.
ELLIS. 110 (Santa Monica) — Sunny furnished*
rooms; Elngle or en suite; kitchen, dining-
room free.
1 ELLIS, 214— Nice eunny rooms for houseksop-
lng, $3 50 per week.. .
ELLIS. 1478 — Sunny housekeeping rooms.
ELLIS, 1746 — Housekeeping rooms to let
EDDY. 329— Sunny housekeeping and single
rooms; very cheap. •
FELL, 148, Almon — Elegantly furnished, sun-
ny front apartments: private bath; single
rooms; reasonable.
FOURTEENTH. 730 — Handsome furnished j
rooms for housekeeping; sunny bay-windows;
water; laundry. \u25a0 -'
FULTON, 1206, near Scott — Three unfurnished,
connecting rooms; bath; laundry; references.
FILBERT, 1219 — 3 sunny rooms, garden, some
furniture, $15; take Hyde-st cars; references.
FILLMORE. 1920 — Furnished housekeeping
room s ; gaa range; telephone.
FOLSOM. 743 — Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping. . \u25a0
FOLSOM, 780 — Housekeeping rooms.
FOLSOM. 1169 — Fine sunny housekeeping
rooms; stationary tubs and bath; new flat;
reasonable. ' ' " .
FULTON, 138, between Polk and Van Ness
; aye. — Three housekeeping rooms, one of them
front and sunny, $18, oh two for $12. if taken
to-day; clean and well furnished; gas, bath.
Call to-day. '
FOLSOM. 1203 — Houaekeeplng rooms.
FOURTH, 225 — Nice sunny outside rooms for
housekeeping. -
FOURTH. 499 — Housekeeping rooms to let
FULTON. 322! — Housekeeping rooms; single or
double. . •
GEARY, 660 — Newly furnished sunny front
rooms for housekeeping; use piano; other
rooms.
GEARY, 736 — Elegantly furnished sunny rooms
with or without housekeeping privileges;
walking distance. \u25a0-..••'
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 402^ — Nice housekeeping
rooms. ". - - - -.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 438 — Nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 640— Sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; clean and reasonable. '
GOLDEN GATE aye.; 1003 — Nice housekeeping
rooms to let. .
GEARY. 1058 — Four rooms newly furnished;
first floor; $20; three rooms $18. _^
GOLDEN GATE aye./ 126 — Large, sunny
rooma suited for light housekeeping.
GOUGH. 600, bet Grove and Fulton — Con-
venient housekeeping rooms.
GUERRERO, 930, between Twenty-first and
Twenty-second — Nicely furnlßhed rooms for
housekeeping; no children.
HAIGHT. 1010 — Elegant sunny suites, either
1 2or 3 rooms; all conveniences; reasonable;
no children. \u25a0 -'\u25a0
HOWARD. 2381 — $11: three unfurnished roomsj
also a One furnished suite. ,
HAVES, 425 — Front housekeeping rooms to
let; nicely furnished; sunny, reasonable.
HOWARD, 640 — Snap: sunny front bay-win-
dow room; gas, sink, grate; furnished; no
children. '. \u25a0
HYDE, 218 — Furnished rooms for light house-
keeping: gas range; no children.
HAIGHT, 234, cor. Buchanan — Furnished and
unfurnished sunny. housekeeping rooms; yard
and laundry. . \u25a0 ' .
HAMPTON place, 13, off Folsom. near Third —
Housekeeping rooms; clean, quiet; $12.
HARRISON, 683 — Housekeeping .rooms.
HAVES, 425 — Nice svnny front housekeeping
rooms to let; rent reasonable: all conven-
iences. _
HOWARD, 617 — Housekeeping and single
a - rooms; gas; all conveniences.
HOWARD, 617— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
also elngle rooms, with all conveniences. \u25a0..
HOWARD. 921 — Sunny housekeeping rooms to
let - _ ' \u25a0 '\u25a0..-'
HOWARD. 1093 — Housekeeping rooms.
HYDE, 410 — Housekeeping rooms to let at
reasonable rates. .-. ' '. ' ,
JONES. 509— Nice \u25a0 housekeeping rooms; con-
venlent and reasonable. " . ,
JACKSON. 1609. nr. Polk — Newly furnished j
rooms for housekeeping; sunny; gas range.
JONES, 609— Nice housekeeping suites, $8 to
$10 per month. . -
KENTUCKY. I247A— Housekeeping rooms.
KEARNY, 305^ cor! Bush — Nicely furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; also other
rooms; gas. bath. . :,. '7.
LAGUNA, 1017 — Nice housekeeping rooms; also
single rooms to let" * ,
LAGUNA, 908 — Front sunny., housekeeping
rooms to let. , ~ - .
LARKIN, 817 V4 — Eunny corner, room: gas
stove; rent reasonable. .
MARY, 28, near Fifth — Two sunny, furnished
housekeeping rooms; $1.0 per 'month. ;
MINNA. 2SJ. cor. 4th — Furnished, sunny house-
keeping; also front double and single; reaa.
•MISSION, 2512 — Three rooms, . furnished com-
| plete for housekeeping; use of gas and bath;
coal 6tove. -. t •."-'.'--, . . ..;
MISSION. 2847— We1l furnished rooms i for
housekeeping, snd elngle rooms; jlow rates.
MISSION. 1754 — A very large, sunny, front
room, completely furnished for housekeeping;
gas; private; $12. \\ .-_»
MARKET. 2098— Two large, sunny, well-fur^
nlshed rooms, complete for housekeeping'
phone, bath. \u25a0 -.
MISSION. 823— Housekeeping rooms; gas for
. cooking. ' *\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0,.- \u25a0'\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.-';•: -
MISSION. 1221, near postof flee— Sunny fur-
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping:- no ,.
children. \u25a0 : --'\u25a0 '-'\u25a0 ~ i
MISSION. . 1522—2 sunny front ' housekeeping
rooms; gas, grate and bath.
MISSION, 2706 A— Fine furnished rooms' fnr.
housekeeping: gas and runninK .water.' :. .',
MCALLISTER, 405. cor. . Polk— Nice light., well
furnished rooms; complete for: housekeeping.
MCALLISTER. 483, cor. Van .Vass— 2 or 3 de-
; Elrable 'connecting housekeeping ; rooms. -\u25a0 ;\. '
MCALLISTER, 802— Nicely, furnished 'house-
keeplng roome. \u25a0 . • • " -; :
MCALLISTER. . Sso— Nicely furnished rooms;
• sunny; single and cn tsulte. *'V;:-' 4;"
MCALLISTER. : 1827— Nicely i furnished rooms
r for housekeeping. - ' : •.' •"--.- -
MISSION, 948 Vj — Housekeeping - rooms to let'
$1 25 week up. . > .J" V
ROOMS FOR HOUSBKEBP»rG~Co-. :
MARKET. 1027%— T0 5 let nicely J furnished '
v; sunny rooms for -housekeeping; > convenient;
gas : stoves. * water, etc . V." v ; 'C-'-_
MISSION,: 1220— Furnished and ' unfurnished
: housekeeping rooms. . '. \u25a0 .
MISSION, ' 2706A — Furnished housekeeping
rooms ; water and gas.- ' \u25a0 " . :-/. .' ;"r N *
NATOMA, S10 — Housekeeping rooms. ';''-;¥* --'-?;
NATOMA, 577 — Nicely, furnished housekeeping
?' rooms to let - \u25a0\u25a0;.\u25a0.. ; \u25a0. '-•:'-; <\u25a0 .\u25a0\u25a0 ' ; ..-
OAK 117. or 14 Page— Complete for house-
keeping; $5 to $12; hot bath; laundry; adults.
O'FARRELL, 410 — Newly furnished sunny
g housekeeping rooms; running water, grate,
' gas, bath; other rooms. . :.:\u25a0-::? ;^'
OAK. 609 — Large light sunny furnished rooms;
closets, running water; priv. family; select
O'FARRELL, 1358 — Newly . furnished rooms;
new house^ gas range, etc; $10 a month.
O'FARRELL. 1390— Nicely 5 furnished conveni-
ent housekeeping rooms; cars- pass door
every 3 minutes: reasonable. \u25a0 . ;
OCTAVIA; 611 — Housekeeping rooms to let
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner Geary — Fine, sunny,
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 929— Large eunny nicely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms, $10 end, sl2 per
month; good location? "
PINE. 1733, one block from Van Ness aye—
.Three connecting housekeeping rooms;. nicely
. furnished; reasonable. •
PINE. 1733, block from Van Ness — 3 connect-
ing, housekeeping rms; nicely .turn;- reas.
POINT LOBOS aye., 2120, near 10th aye.—
Sunny furnished rooms for housekeeping;
$10, $12: adults only. .
PAGE, 14— Housekeeping ' rooms. ;• '\u25a0'-'_
PINB, 1224 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
mg. -\u25a0\u25a0-;-• -\u0084'..\u25a0 •.-\u25a0"\u25a0
POLK. B'£ — Furnished housekeeping rooms to
let . ...... ,-:..'\u25a0-.•. :\u25a0\u25a0,....
POLK, 1018— Sunny front rooms to let;'*a«,
bath and phone; have . no objection to . chll-
- -dren; reasonable. . ; :
POST, 1038 and 1040— Elegantly furnished
housekeeping apartments and . single rooms;
convenient location; near Lurllne baths. .
POWELL, 1424 — Sunny housekeeping rooms to
.let " .-. ...\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 " - . \u25a0\u25a0- .- -
RAUSCH, C8 — Eunny housekeeping roomi, with
gas; reasonable.
SACRAMENTO. 8634 — 8 rms. complete hskpg.;
- gas stove, phone; new flat; couple. .
SUTTER, 995 — Sunny rooms furnished for light
housekeeping. \u25a0 •-- \u25a0_
SECOND; 149 — Nice, olean rooms' for house-
keeplng; very desirable. : ••'. '--'-'.
SECOND. 212 — Housekeeping rooms to let
SEVENTEENTH, 3991 — Furnished housekeep-
lng rooms to let •'- " - - - '
SIXTH. 231— Housekeeping rooms.
SIXTH, 22T — Housekeeping rooms.
STEINER, 1531 — Two sunny, unfurnished rooms
, for light housekeeping; use bath; rent $8.
SEVENTH. 191 — Nice, sunny, . bay-window
room for housekeeping; gas stores.
STEVENSON, 405— Nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms to let - ;*
TURK. 416. Regina — Nicely furnished rooms;
2 connecting with bath, $25 and $30; other
choice rooms reasonable.
TAYLOR. 244 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
. rooms for rent. j , -
TAYLOR, 805 — Housekeeping rooms.
TEHAMA, 243 — Housekeeping rooms.
THIRD, 314— Housekeeping and furnished
rooms to let \u25a0 , \u25a0 . '
THIRD, 415 — Good housekeeping rooms; gas
range; bath, laundry. \u25a0 - -.
THIRD, 620^ — Housekeeping rooma to let
TURK, 879 — Housekeeping rooms. \ ,
TURK, 1332 — Two or three rooms furnished for
housekeeping; back yard; $12 and $16.
TAYLOR,- 911 — 2 furn. rooms, gas range, $10;
1 room, gas range, $7; 4 unfurnished. $20.
TURK, 881 — Parlor , floor, three rooms fur-
• 'nlshed for housekeeping; gas range. /
TWENTY-FOURTH, 8306. near Mission — Nice
front roome; running .water; $12 50 month.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 6<K> — Furnished housekeep-
-- ing rooms. - • \u25a0'•- \u0084 - . \u25a0-. - - ,- . "A.
TWENTY-SECOND. 618 — Housekeeping rooms
\u25a0 to let; good neighborhood. . ' ' •• ' -\u25a0
TURK st.. 520, Flat B — Two nice, unfurnished
rooms with use of kitchen, $8; gaa. •- ;:•-.•
VAN -NESS aye., 519— Sunny furnished rooms,
with or without housekeeping privilege; $7
per month up. \u25a0
VAN NESS aye., 802-^Slngle housekeeping
rooms. \u25a0 \u25a0;.- \u25a0 • • - • • ..-.\u25a0'
WALLER, 1747 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; convenient; only half a block from
Golden Gate Park.
WASHINGTON, " 1521 — Nice, neat furnished
double or single rooms for light housekeep-
ing; running water; ' closets, etc.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell st. near Van Ness and
Market — New, handsome, fireproof structure;
mod. improvements: apts. 3-rm., bath; special
Inducements for next 60 days; tel. Couth 1071.
NEW 4-etory corner apartment-houee; sunny
side: completed November 1. All suites have
modern kitchens, electric lights, etc. Apply
244 Ninth et. ; building opposite.
A HANDSOMELY ; furnished .' 8-room apart-
ment; steam heat; h. and c. water; elevator;
Janitor. The Warren, 701 Post st, apt 5.
RANDALL Apartments, 120 Pierce st — Four
large,- sunny.T unfurnished rooms; must be
seen to be appreciated. Tel. Fell 9731.
ALTA Apartments, opp. Alta Plaza— Furnished-
or unfurnished 2 rooms and separate bath.
Clay et.. between Pierce and Scott. .
A— KENILWORTH. cor. Bush, Powell; 3-room
sunny aparts.; single rooms; modern; reas.
GRAND view; .Callt. and Lyon; 4-room fur-
. nlshed- apartments compjete with bath; reas.
ROSSWELL Apartments, 1360 Pine, near Hyde
— 2. 3 and 4 rooms, with bath; steam heat.,
MAYBELLE. 202 Grove, -cor. Van Ness— Van
"Ness, 3-rm. suite; Grove, 3-rm. euite; reas.
MCALLISTER, 1228— Choice unfurnished apart-
ments. See them next week. •
THE Frederick. 001 , Stanyan— l to 6 rooms,
overlooking Golden Gate Park; tel. Page 616e.
ROOMS TO LET-^-Farn. and Unfarn.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN,
Corner Ellis and Leavenworth sts., . j
In the heart of the city.:
' 300 rooms; 100, baths.
' Modern In every, detail. \u25a0\u25a0•'•.
'--"-V.. Rates $3: to $15 per week.
. Rooms, with private bath. $1 day.
Tourist travel solicited.
/ ; ASH WORTH HOTEL,
S2O Mason st.. bet. Geary aif O'FarrelL
Rooms '.with or without pnya 'e bath.
.' New: addition Just completed; en tiro house
newly renovated; sun In rooms all day. . .- .^
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st— Rooms
25c to SI per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
. light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT 'The Almonte," 873 ; Market st (or No. 1,
Fifth «t.)— Rooms 25c to 60c,; 51. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night. • :
'ALABAMA. 1018— Furnished rooms to let
AUBURN, 15^-Furnlshed . rooms. >
BELMOND ' 1 louse, \u25a0 over Owl Drugstore ; 2 , en-
trances, .1126 " Market and 21 Turk — Electrlo
"lights, running water every :room;: 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night: $1 25 to $4 week.
BURTON- Hotel,- 112« Howard St.— loo rooms;
I new ' house; » modern; ;$1: 25 to $3 per;W«>ek. *'.
BUSH. 1215— Rooms for gentlemen; bath; rea-
sonable. ;-. • ' -
BAKER. := 1307 — Rooms to let _ \u25a0\u25a0 .
BAY, 417— Rooms to let. " --'- : V.:.
BAY, 1910-^-Furnished rooms. -'\u25a0- ; '\u25a0'.'; ' -.
BELCHER.' 72— Rooms' to let'
BERNARD. 16— Nicely, furnished; rooms. : >« ;
BRANNAN, 4*"iM-— Nlcdy rurntghed rooms to
\u25a0': let' at 'reasonable' rates. : . -. ;-.;..! ! .
BROADWAY. 147-- Nicely furnished rooms to I
,\u25a0: let'tn'-good - location.'-'. \u25a0 ---.-; '\u25a0- •\u25a0\u25a0-'. ' y ,:;_;/; - ! \u2666.-g s .»> |
BROAHWA V.. 71ft-~.N'lorly furnished rooms' to |
.„•. let:-:.' '.-\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '; ;;-:- -; '/.\u25a0\u25a0'- \u25a0'"''- _ \u25a0:'.-.. : '" : ',.;' ]
BRYAIiT.-22i — Nicely furnished , rooms -to let;
: ".- reasonable. •' '*.-''*'.'" •"",-'' J V . : ' '
BRYANT.- ICS6— Furnished ": rooms. - ' \u25a0'-...'-•
BRYANT,"^ 2718— Nicely J furnished. room for 3
-gentlemen. ' '
. -\u25a0-\u25a0 . -•\u25a0-\u25a0.. ..\u25a0 - , "v ,- . -.. . . ... -\u25a0 '"
ROOMS TO LET— Pnrn, and Unfurn,
BUSH, <12— Sunny furnished rooms. '
BUSH, 63SV_*uml8hed rooms to let' ; .
BUSH. 670— Rooms to let
BUSH. 101g--Furnished rooms.
BUSH, 27AT— Rooms to let
BYtNGTON aye., 21— Rooms to let
CALIFORNIA. 1329— Front hall room to let.
CALIFORNIA, 1 1424—^Large I sunny tront room
.suitable for 2' gentlemen; running water.
CENTRAL aye., 2(118 — Sunny .r ooms; large
. closets, \u25a0 running water;, board.*; ' .-,'. - - "",
CLARA, 207%, r near Fifth— Nicely furnished
: front . room; $8 per month. .:
CLARA," 217— Two sunny rear rooms, with run-:
\u25a0i ning water. \u25a0 . . -. ;: ."
CALIFORNIA, 72^-Furnlshed rooms to let r
CALIFORNIA. .< 2240 — Beautifully furnished
rooms; reasonable.' \u25a0 , : ' -\u25a0-\u25a0• -\u25a0- -A". ',\
CALIFORNIA. 2435— Furnished rooms to let;
:. moderate charges.
CLARA. 148— Neatly furnished rooms.
CLARA, lS9^-Room» to let '- - ''
CLAY, 1015 — Furnished rooms to let
COLUMBIA Square, 2— Nicely furnished rooms
' \u25a0\u25a0to.Ut.V \u25a0•- : ' '\u25a0 :-\u25a0 __
CONNTECTICUT. 614— Furnished rooms.
DOLORES. 805— Furnished rooms to let
DEVISADERO, 1201— Nicely furnished rooms
to let; moderate charge,
DORE, 26, off Folsom, near Ninth— To Ist nice
furnished room; gaa. bath; reasonable.
EDDY, 514^ — Nicefy furnished sunny desirable
roome; also housekeeping rooms.
EDDY 515 — Niceiy furnished rooms at reas-
onable rate*. .* .
EAST, 210. between Howard and Folsom—
Furnished rooms to let :
EDDY, B— Fine furnished roomsj choice loca-
tion ; convenient -
'•:•--:\u25a0,-\u25a0 - ' b
i EDDY. 674^ — Nioriy furnished rooms to let
EDDY, 578 — Sunny furnished rooms for rents
very reasonable. --• •
EDDY, 1407— Nice rooms to let.
EIGHTH, 115— Furnished room-.
ELLIS. 18— Nice clean rooms t» Ist at rea-
sonable ratefl. : , - •
ELLIS. 10? — Centrally located furnished rooms
to let; reasonable. '
ELLIS. 1054— Large furnished . room; modern
flat; prlv. lavatory; tel. Ea-t 4038: ref.. $10.
F-T-t.TS, 18— ROOMS] ROOMS, ROOMS, BY
PAY; WEEK OR MONTH..
ELLIS, 110— New management; sunny rooms;
single or suites; gentlemen; your own price.
. , . • ,
ELLIS. 616— Furnished rooms.
ELLIS, 123.5— R00ms to let
ELM ava., 1122— Furnished rooms. - •'\u25a0
EUREKA. 306 — Rooms to let
EDDY, 1178, opp. Jefferson square— Elegant
sunny bay-window room; suitable for two.
ELLIS. 792— Sunny front room; also single
room; reasonable. - \u25a0
ELLIS, 1115 — Elegantly furnished front lulu,
for one or two gentlemen; private flat;
very reasonable.
FIFTH, 24^ — Well furnished sunny convenient
rooms to let .
FIFTH, 83 — Elegant sunny furnished rooma to
let \u25a0- \u25a0- " - .
FIFTH, 126 — Fine • sunny furnished rooms to
let; reasonable. ~ - <
FIFTH ays. South, 1139 — Rooms to let
FIMTH *\u25bc•.. IICT-^-Furnlshed rooms, ':.'\u25a0" .: -
FILLMORJX \u25a0 8206— Rooms to It
FIRST aye.', 75S — Furnished rooms to let.
FOLSOM, 614 — Furnished rooms to let
FOLSOM. 762— Tarnished rooms to let
FOLSOM, 838— Famlshtd rooms. . y
FOLSOM, 1045 — Nicely furnished rooms to let:
reasonable. ' \u25a0•\u25a0
FOURTEENTH. 88 — Furnished rooms to let at
reasonable rates. ,
" ~ r ~ :
FOURTEENTH. 488— Rooms to let
FOURTH, 162— Nicely furnished rooms to let i
from $1 per week up. -\u25a0 '
FOURTH, 419 — Fumlahed room* to let at rea-
tonable rates. . .
FOURTH. 838 — Furnished rooms to let
FRANCISCO, 610— Furnished rooms to let
FULTON. 23 — Furnished rooms to . let
FIFTH 22 — Furnished rooms to lets cholc*
corner and centrally located. .
FIFTH, 119— Choice furnished rooms- to let;
central location. .
FIFTH, 129— Furnished rooms to let at reason-
able rates. *. . . '
FIFTH. 152— Nice furniehed rooms; location
central; convenient. * \u25a0 \u25a0- .-,.'\u25a0
FOURTH, 271—100 rooms; all sizes and prices;
new, modern; hot and cold water..
GOLDEN Gate aye., 651— Furnished suite with
iplano. ':-\u25a0 . sj w ; • - * - \u25a0:- . v - -.-
GALT HOUSE. 1206 Market st. — Choice rooms
by day, week 'or month; central location.
GOLDEN GATE I aye.,- 34— Nicely furnished
rooms to let:: reasonable charges.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 219 — Furnished rooms;
: good location; reasonable. - ._-'- ••->\u25a0"-\u25a0\u25a0.-..'\u25a0.-\u25a0\u25a0
GOLDEN GATE aye., BS3 — JTurnlshed roonv
$7. - \u25a0 ;: -.-.- . \u25a0• ..., -' .-'-'\u25a0\u25a0 -•- : \u25a0-. \u25a0 " ---\u25a0
GOLDEN GATE aye,, 1002B — Large, I sunny,
well-furnished parlor bedroom; reasonable;
\u25a0\u25a0gentlemen preferred. :
GREENWICH, 861%— Furnished room to let in
private' family: bath and all conveniences.
GRAND Pacific Hotel, 1014 Kearny St.— New
house; all modern conveniences; rooms by day
35c up; by week $2 up; open all night,'- *
GRAND SOUTHERN, 1069 Mission, cor. ,Eev-
- enth— loo rooms; 50c night, $2 to $7 week.
GEARY, 361 — Furnished rooms to let
GEARY, 574— Furnished rooms.
GEARY," 640^ — Elegantly . furnished rooma to
let; house Just; opened; French table board
'If desired; terms reasonable, \u25a0 . >
GOLDEN" GATEJ ays.,* 559— Pleasant furnished
.. rooms : to . let" ;= '\u25a0-'\u25a0 ' * ~ ;
GOLDEN GATE . aye.. ; 1227— Nicely furnished
-.-. rooms to let a - . -'- '\u25a0•'-•\u25a0'.' \u25a0' ' ".'•'\u25a0 .
GRANT aye. , ; 2&— Nicely- furnished rooms, ; $10
• : per month and up. / -:\u25a0..\u25a0' , -'-.\u25a0-. '
GREENWICH, 917— Nice, • convtnlent furnish-
ed roomstolet^^___________________
GROV-V 6-^-Furnlahed, rooms to let ~
GROVE. B—Sunny8 — Sunny front room to let.
HAIGHT.' <> 507 r : TFurniehed and unfurnished
rooms! to let r *'\u25a0; :' ,'.\u25a0"*"!'\u25a0 . • .
HAMPTON .-\u25a0" place. 13— Nice furnished rooms';
reasonable. ' :~ .' * -\u25a0-'-.\u25a0.-.'- ', : : '_.;"'\u25a0\u25a0 **'_ \u25a0
HARRISON. 526-^Furnished and .unfurnished
-rooms : to jet. . *; • ; . .-*\u25a0:-;; '. j
HARRISON. 743^-Furnlshed rooms . ;tb let. \u25a0>
HARRISON.'^eSA— NiceIy ; furnished rooms , tr>
-\u25a0 let; j reasonable. '.;\u25a0 .!-..- .*•.'-; -/'.•--\u25a0>,\u25a0*
HARRISON, ; 770-^-Nicely furnished- rooms for
;. rent; reasonable.* •\u25a0 . r_V \u25a0
HARRISON, %9tAM-rr Furnished room*, tn let;
good 'location;; \u25a0•*.- -•\u25a0\u25a0; '-'-\u25a0/\u25a0•\u25a0':
HAVES.v 104— Klce furnished rooms . to let; :
; ;. reasonable : rates;. - S"' \u25a0--- \u0084 ' ' .j
HAVES?' 849-~-Rooms to let. .. -.-'
HAVES. 8 1»— Nice furnished: rooms. .
HERMANN. v 418^— Furnished rooms.
HOFF aye.. 12— Furnished vooami^i-] •
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. . and , Unfnm.
HOWARD. 630— Nicely furnished rooms to Ist;
reasonable rates. , - \u0084 , .
HOWARD, 617 — Housekeeping and alagle
rooms; gas range; : reasonable.
»
HOWARD. 734^— Furnished rooms. .
HOWARD. ,S2a— Furnished- rooma.
HOWARD.' 860— Furnished rooms. "
HOWARD. S72 — Furntehed rooms to let
HOWARD. IHls— Nice furnished rooms to let:
bath and gas. .. ; .
HOWARD. 151»— To let. sunny furnlshM
v rooms, single and double, J5 per week and
"P; good location. : '\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -
' \ ._\u25a0 ,. ... \ \u25a0 " .\u25a0*
HYDE. 1915 — Furnished rooins 'to let
HAIGHT, S3-, cor. Davisadero— Sunny, front
rooms; single and en suite.. ,
HAMPTON place. 7, oft Folsom— 3 sunny bay-
. window housekeeping*, rooms; gas and bath;
rent $18.
HAVES, -13fl, cor. Van Ness — Large sunny
. room for one or two gents; $10.
HOTEL Hamilton, and cafe, 123 Ellis, bet.
& Maeon sts.,S.F. — Rms $1 to $3 ocr
day; steam heat & telephone in each room.
HOWARD. 715— Rooms. 25c to $1 per day;
$1 CO to $3 per week; reading-room, etc.
HYDE, 1708 — Furnished front sunny room to
let
JONES, 119— Centrally located choice fur-
nished rooms to let
JACKSON. 035%— R00m- to let,
JESSIE. 808— Nice furnished room to let.
JESSIE. 828 — Fine furnished rooms to let
JESSIE. 472— Furnished rooms.
JESSIE, 919— Furnished room, to let; rea-
sonable rates.
JONES, 444. near Ellie — Fine furnished sunny
front and rear rooma; also alcove and bath;
desirable location.
KEARNY, 229 — Fine sunny rooms to let; sin-
gle or en suite; rent reasonable; phone Black
4446.
KEARNY, 230 — Furnished room* to lei,
LANDERS, 128 — Rooms to let
LARKIN, 13C0— Large sunny furnished front
rooma to let; gas, water; every convenience.
LAUREL aye., 731 — Furnished rooms.
LAUREL aye., 735— Nicely furnished rooms
for rent; moderate rent •
LEAVENWORTH, 348, The Stockton— Elegant
furnished rooms to let; all modern coave-
nlences; single or en suite. ______
LEAVENWORTH. 882— Furnished rooms to let
at reasonable rates.
LEAVTNWORTH. 403 — Nicely furnished
rooms; all conveniences; reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 411 — Fine furnished rooms,
single or en suite; well located.
LEXINGTON, 135— Nice furnished rooms;
pleasant neighborhood; rates reasonable. .
LOVELY rooms; some housekeeping: Dwlght
\u25a0way house; strictly high grade: Key route
. sta. W. S. Joy. 2122 Dwlght way, Berkeley.
MARKET. 1004— Sunny, front roots. $2 per
week: over dental Darlors.
MARKET, 1153. bet. 7th and Bth— Several
pleasant furnished rooms; will rent by the
day. week or month.
MASON. 417 — Neatly furnished rooms;- tran-
sient or by week or month; reasonable, v , ;.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL, 129 Third st— -400
elngle and family rooms, 35c to $1 CO per
day; $2 to $3 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has offlce on ground floor; hot and cold
water, electrio lights. • call bells, steam heat
in every room, and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and night to Its guests.
MISSION, 1309, near 9th— Furnished rooms;
private family; bath; every accommodation.
MONTGOMERY. 716 — Furnished rooms to let.
MARKET. 1241H— Room, to let
MARKET. • 1283 — Furnished rooms « to let -_
MARKET. 1437— Nicely furnished room.; gaa
and running water. .
MARKET. 1500— Unfurnished rooms to let
MARKET. 1581— Nicely furnished rooma to let;
reasonable. . .
McALLISTEEt, 880— Room- to let
MCALLISTER, IS32— To let alcove suite of
rooms ; hot and cold water.
MCALLISTER, 1189 — Furnished rooms.
MlNfrfA, 153 — Furnished rooms to l«t
MINNA. 825— Furnished rooms to ' let
MINNA., 856— Furnished rooms to lat
MINNA. Wt— Furnished room» to let
MISSION. 872— Rooms to let "'
MISSION. 811— Rooms to let
MISSION. 903— Rooms to let
MISSION. 961— Furnished room*. "
MISSION, 1088 — Furnished rooms.
MISSION. 1200 — Furnished rooms.
MISSION. 1247— Nice unfurnished rooms to let
MISSION. 2072 — Furnished rooms. .
MISSION, 2218— Furnished rooms. •,
MISSION, 2224— Furnished rooms to let*
MISSION. 2262— Furnished room*.
MISSION. 4522— Furnished rooms..
MISSOURI. 322— Furnished rooms. "
MISSION, . 1627 — EHnny front single and doubl*
rooms ;> nicely furnished and 1 unfur. ; reas.
MINNA." 631B— Nicely furnished room; gas and
bath; rtnt reasonable. •
MISSION. 2232. near Nineteenth— Sunny fur-
v nlshed room; gas. bath; to I. person $5; pri-
vate family.
MONTGOMERY. 109 — Pleasant furnished
rooms to let; phone Black. 6713.
MONTGOMERY aye., 220— Rooms to let
NATOMA, 81—Rcoms to let ;\u25a0
NATOMA, 511— Nieeiy furnished rooms to let;
also housekeeping rooms X desired; reasoa-
abl« rates.- -
NOB, 147— Nicely furnished rooms to let
NOB, 1212 — Furnished rooms. , '
NOE. 1212 — Nice furnished rooms.
OAK, -12. near Market — Alcove room; running
'water; private home. /
OAK. 1845. opposite Golden Gate Park — Newly
furnlrhed ; pleasant rooms In private : family;
homelike. , - . * - '
OAK. 2037/ facing park— Large and small fur-
niehed rooms. - ; . \u25a0 \u25a0*; \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 . •
OCTAVIA. 157— Nice furnished rooms to let
O'FARHnLL, 531— Nicely furnished rooms to
let at reasonable 4 rates. , ." :
O'FARRELL. 770— Sunny front alcove rooms; j
\u0084 convenient; reasonable. , - j
O' FARR ELL. 828— Furnished rocms to let.
uTABRF.U* 12^0^ — Furnished Vocms to let .j'
O'FARRELL. 1724— Rooms to let..
OLl'VE; 'ave.,. 550— Furnished room*.
; F'INE.-ftsS^-Pleaeam: rooms to let; single and
t en suite.-, "'r--. ' '. : : ' '-.-' .'•'*' ; \u25a0 .'
I PINE. 1643-^Roorns -to let. . . .
1 POST. .701. corner Jones.upartment lO^Hand-
:;.-. somely . furnished reasonable. ' " .
POST., 1523-—RoomsUo let V- -"-' - \u25a0'"\u25a0
PINE," 925^-Cholce ' furnished ' rooms to let la
vond nolnhborhood.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnr-u , and Vntvnu .
POND. 47. oft l«ta and Market— Pleasant «ua-
ny front room, nicety furnished; gaa. bath.
POST. 717— A nicely furnished room for »
gentleman: rent low. .
POWELL. 004— Nice room and board l£ 4*-
slred; very reasonable. \u25a0 ___________
POST, 8S& — Large, sunny, furntsned rooms.
\u25a0gentlemen etttj; references. . . -
POWELL, 216— Nicely furnished rooms; tran-
slent a specialty. '
POWELL. 23»— Nicely furnished rooms to Ist
by day, week or month. ,
RIO VISTA HOTEL. 2SI Third St.. near How-
ard — New, house with- modern conveniences;'
rooma ea suite and single; rates by day. 330 /
up; by week. >. up; baths free to> gmgat*.
SIXTH, 12t>— Furnished houaekeeplng rooms) •
to let; also other rooms.
SUTTER. 1009 — 3 light, parlor Boor, connecting
rooms; together or separate; reasonable.
SIXTH. 14S— Nicely turnished rooms by day.
week or month, .
TAYLOR. 242— Sunny furnished front loo^a,
with • good dressmaking trade estabUsSot
TAYLOR, 615B — Finery furnished rooms t»
rent: rates mederate.
TAYLOR. 570— Nicely furnished rooms to let
by the, day. wc»fc or month.
TWELFTH. 310*3 — 2 furnished "rooms and b*tl» '
with grtvate family; reasonable. \u25a0'\u25a0>
TURK. 816— Single rooms for young men; $19
and $7; private house. .
TAYLOR. 80*— Furnished room to lat
TURK. 204— Nicely furnished sonny rooms. $3
per week op: quiet house.
TURK. 411 — Nicely furnished sunny room* far
llght housekeeping; gas range: bath; other
rooms from SS up. \u25a0
WILLOW aye.. 8. off Larkin. bet. Eddy aad
Ellis — 3 unfurl*, sunny rooma: $12 per mo.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — »00
rooms, Ssc tosl night $1 75 to $8 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas>. running water in every
room; elevator. re-d.-r"om: frge bus, baggage.
WOLF House. Howard and Sixth— No better
transient house In city; rates reasonable; lo-
catlon central. Gea. H. yon ger Mehden. prop.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d »t.. nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms,
S3o to $1 50 nlgKtly. $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; tree bus, baggage.
WILLIAM. 143, near Post, above- Taylor— « «A
nicely furnished room for a gentleman: reaau
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch- office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH efflce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has b-ea
opened at ICOS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. • , -
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL M^L^O^oTG^T^oT^d^yT^o4^Just
opened; rocms modern, up to date, light sun-
ny, airy; hair mattresses; free baths: every-
thing elegant fresh, clean; table unexcelled.
Rates: Rooms for 2 with board. $50 montj.
and upward: single rocms with board. S3O;
everything homelike: parlor and piano for
. guests; location In the heart of city. 404
Eddy St.. 404. '
ASHBURY. 845. near Park— Nice sunny room*,
with excellent table board, suitable for
couples: Phone, .piano, bath; take Ellis or
Haisht st. cars.
CALIFORNIA. 807— Exceptionally good table.
free btlllard-room. handsome and sightly
rooms; board and room for 2. $43 up: s'.nzl*.
$22 50 up; suites. $55 op; see for yourself.
LARGE, furnished double room: running
water, gas; also board: good home cooking;
suitable for two gentlemen. 817 Grove »t.
SUTTER near Webster — Large sunny room tut
2 people In private family. $22 50. wita
breakfast. Box 1227. Call.
DOLORES, 1009 — Nice sunny rooms, with best
of home cooking. In Mission warm be.t;
phene Blue 3536.
GEARY. 640, Malson Tence — Select furnished
rms. with excellent French table board; reas.
JOHNSTON. THE. CCS CFarrell— Sunny suite*
and single rnn. : excellent board: references.
POWELL. 502 — Very nice, front, sunny rooms,
en suite or single; $5 up per week.
TURK, 822^ — Sunny rooms with board; reason-
able.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG man desires room and board la pri-
vate family; terms and number hoarders.
Box 1047. Call office. \u25a0
YOUNG man desires strictly moderate beard
and lodging in private family. . Box 1231k
Call office. .
ROOMS WANTED.
A YOUNG man wishes room with Gpaalsa
family to learn Spanish. Box 1090. Call.
, RESTAURANTS.
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen and restaurant for
sale. _ 436 Turk st.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIED
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; bc«*
is cheapest." second-hand alt makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic offlce, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand. $3. $3. $S: slightlr
u;ed. $10. $15. $20. You know where dolls
swing In the window. 1051 Market st
TURF.
TURF.
I am forming a club to take an Interest
with a bookmaker at Oakland this winter;
will take subscriptions <»? $25«> and up; will
eatisfy any one who cares to Investigate. a»
to the soundness and reliability of this prop-
osition; book should easily make $50,000 this
eeason, and I can show Interested parties
that It has no possible chance of loss; will
give several unquestioned business ref er-
ences. Address box 1323. Call.
PROPOSALS.
INVITATION Tor Bids, for Building Work.—
Notice Is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received at 16 South Hall. Berksley. Cal..
on cr before 3 p. m.. October 31. l!>05. tnv
windows aryl doors for the president's house;
separate bias also for carpentry work. etc..
for the interior furnish inss for California -
Hall; separate bids also for the buildings rot
the Forestry Experiment Station at San - »
Monica. Plans and specifications* are on ti: »
at said offlce. except plans and specification*
j for the work at Santa Monica, which may t«
seen- at t^e Forestry Experiment Statl:n
\u25a0 at Santa Monica. No bids will be conslder*l
unless accompanied by a certified cheek or
bond in favor of the undersigned, equal t» \u25a0
10 per cent of the bid. with sufficient sure- J
ties conditioned that U_the bids b^ accep'M
the bidder will enter Into a contract faith-
fully to perform the obligations In accordance
with said bids and with »aid plans and speci-
fication*. The right to reject any or all btds
Is hereby reserved. The Regents of the Unt-
vorsity of California. \u25a0 -
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOT responsible for bills contracted by Baa-
tel's Bakery. 123 Taylor st
; . : ; . CHA3. A. BANTEL.
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
Engraved wedding invitations, visiting & busl-
I nees cards, crests, etc.; high-class work; mod-
erate rates. J. H. Duncan. 126 Kearny. rs. 1-3.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ~~~
The following marriage licenses were Issue!
yesterday:
Raymond R. Young. 22. 149 Taylor street
and Theresa M. Mentzen. 16. 806 Potrero aye.
Albert Laib, 31. 1671 Post street, and Cell*
E. Hayes. 22. 1224 Buchanan street -
William H. Cordes. 24. 44 Oak street and
EmiM'U Du-*rer. 24, Redwood City.
James P. Anderson. 3S. 7SI Folsom street
and Marie Brown. 39. city.
Edgar L. McCoy, 21/ Richmond, and Dor*'
V. Howe, 13, 412S Twenty-fifth street
Charles J. McMenomy. 21. 901 V» Valencia »t..
and Josephine C. Shanahan, 13. 3392 Twentieth
street. *
Louis Lagomarslno. 40. Sacrameno. and
Rosa LaKomarsino. \u25a0, 2<\ Sacrameno.
Charles M. H. Wlese. 30. Alameda. and
Susan Woodcock. 2«. Alameda. __ - -
Lawrence I. Butts. 21. 1208 H street and
Ella J. MeGrury. 21. 1208 H street
Pierre Bernard. 23. 619 Pacific street and
Eugenic Charbonnler. 22. 5947 Flllmore •treet
John H. • Marroa, 21. city, and Mary Mo-
Nicholas Caauvaldjy. **. 625 Shotwelt street
snd Ellie J. Groeper. 24. 933 Dolores street.
William E. Bryan. 33. 1677 Bush street and
Marguerite Lajtarde. 13. 40 De Long avenue.
Thomas C. Fry. 41. 252 Campbell street, and
Ar.r.ie I. Duffy. 2S. 252 Campbell street
; EIRTHS--MARRIAeES— DEATHS, ; V
Birth .marrlaice and death notices sent - by ;
1 mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed •'
liTat either of the mibllcatlon offices and : ba ,
Indorsed with. the name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same published. ,
Notices restricted s'mply to. the announcement
\u25a0of the event are published once. In this column
frte of Charge. . .
BORN.
COLOMBAT— In this city. October T. 1808. to -
.the wife of Henry , Colombat, a son..
DARRAGH— In this city, October 18. 1800. to
4546
the wife of G. '.T. Darragn. a daughter, i
I>RIPCOLL— In tfct' city, to th» wife of Jtohn
J. Brt«eolL a iaa.
KEG AN- In this city. September 80. 1905. to
>jjbw of J. H- Pcgan. a daueht*r.
GI'GEL— In thl* «ty. October 20, 1905. to
the wii« of Fred GuceL a «on.
HAMMEXtSMITH— In. this city. October 2T.
IaCS, to the wife of A, Hammersmith, a son.
JI A USER— In tils city. October 24. 1905, to
;Ik> wife of Henrj' Ilauser. a aon.
,'M'KKON- In tbis cl tar. October 28. 1905. to
in* wife of A. C. Jsckfon. a eon.
UEiiNARO- In this city. October 17, 1905. , to
tl.r wife of F. P. Leonard, a daughter.
MATTHET— In thla city. October 27, IDO6. to
t:>e wire of Charles P. Maithey. a daughter.
ptfST— ln this city. Octc»>er 20. 1905. to the
wife of F. A. Pust, a .son.
SPIRO — In this city. October 11. 1905. to the
wife of Lawrence Splro. a daughter.
VICK— In this city. October 9. l»05. to the
wife of Cfcarloe Vick. a «oiu
MARRIED.
O'BRIEN— SCHE*OCI>— In this city. October
its 1005. by the Rev. Father Callopy. Jf»«P n
H. tTßrien and Tcssle Schenke, both of this
ME?ERS— METER- In Oakland, Cal- Octo-
ber IS. l»0i. by tho Rev. WCllam N. \wdi
Mark. Dr. Albert G. Meyers and Nevada W.
Mey*r. both of San Francisco.
JULnY-FLACK-LAYTON-In this city Oo-
totMT 22. 1005, by th«» Rev. Fathar P. J. To-
blu of Miwion Doloies Churah, James A.
Ulley and <"atherlne Flack-lJ«-ton. both of
tan "Francisco^ '.
DIED.
Bates. Catherine M..78 {'*£"?*. i oh ,'J;^f 0 H
Berticti. G.. 6S McGri 1. Patrick H.
Brown, Ohloe. S3 Mcborloy.. Hannan
Ejrne. Catherine. 62 P»cot, Sixte. 45
Cannon. John J. Pleasant*. M«. M.. .0
Chandler. U M.. C 5 f^f^vi^ l^ £
Dualov. Cecelia A.. 62 Keed. Frod
F«*>kV. Hermann. 43 Rose Franc.-. . mo.-
Fltzi.atrkk.Martrar'u.S R<>y. G^^ge E.. 30
j^-lMih owen. 37 Schauff. Johann W .. 49
Cillwey. Hannah. 8 Shey*r. Jesus V.
t tj.urron! B tS Shlpn, Aiwlrew, 40
'CiH^ns Catherine. SG Spaulding^arah M..77
Gir&rd. Kn.il.e, 53 St. Louis. JCata E.
gJ^K^i 11 Edward. 19
Kews.ig, Uanca, KJ
BATES— In this city. October 28. 1903/ Cath-
erine St widow of tiie late Jdin V imam
Bete* a. naUve of Ireland, aged Ts years.
tr?Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
i\xi\v i'lvited U> attend the iunena.l sen-ices
at dkC residence of her eon. Eugear- G Bates,
21.1,;. Lvon street, comer at Clay, on .Monday.
* it a•\u25a0•sa •\u25a0•5 a ni.. Uicate to St. Dominies
Church where a requital mis.' will be cele-
biated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
inK ai W o'eiock. Interment private. Pieaee
* 01r.it ftpwers.
BEirrAGGl— la Uils city. October 2. 1905
G. Bertagiji. a nailvo of Switrertand. aged
t^ "-earF. . X
BROWN- la Napa. Cal.. October 2ti 1905.
Oaloe Brown. v.-:fe of the late Smith Brown,
and mother of tt« late Mrs. France* tdger-
ton. Airs Homer- S. Klnc an<J Da ? a ., U '
Brown of Seattle, Wash., a native af Mas-
sachusetts. Jn her eighty-fourth year.
BYRSE— In this city. October 2S. at 2W<i How-
id htreet. Catherine, dearly beloved wjfe of
Nicholas Byrne, a naUvt of County Louth,
Ireland, at^d 82 yeerfi.
CTNotice of fuiveral hereafter.
CANNUN-ln tttl cay. October 27. 1905, John
' J d-E'll' beloved son cf Jane and the late .
John "Cannon, and brother pi Joseph.
llam and' LiUian Cannon. Mrs. M. Smith and
the .late Mra. J-. Leahy. • a native of ban
2'*riiiic*soo. • * \u25a0
* DTFrtenda 'ur.d acquaijiXances are respect-
fully invited to ottencl the funfral to-day
<^undayj. Octcber 2K. *v 1^ o clock, '/rpm his
late roßidt-ncc 57SU Mi^sl^n street, thence to
£t Mil had" s Church. Oceiui View, fur ser-
vice?. con:hi«i<Mi^ j»l 1 o'crock. Interment
Mo\y Croat Cemetery. A' requiem mass wilj
b^ .-elebrau-d for th»- repoeJ of Uls BOUI •on
Tuesday, OK-tob.-r 31, "at » o'clock a. m., at
•'tt Michac-I's' Church. Ocean View. Friepds
are respectfully invited to .attend. •
"CHANDLER— In this oty. October 26. 1905.
Lowell >M beloved .husoand -^f i-lirabetn
Clandler. aud brotbef of Austin Chandler, a 3
naiivt- \u25a0©! Oracbj: Mass... aced" «50.. j ears O |
nu.ptii? and X i3a>>.-. -.iSynntfield. Mass.. 1
l.:i».<i« lilc-ast c<jpy.) • • • ..."
\u25a0~7~tft-ten<& and acau'aintame.« and . com- 1
t^Jes of the G- A. -B-V members- ot Seven
"J'ir.eK Circle N-o. 3. L'u4ie« ofthe G. A. R..
numbers .of Eng'.aecrs' .Union &OQ memWrs
« f Machinists' Tnion ure i-espectfully in-
'\itt-d tt» tttend tbo far.eral. wiilch wll .be
held under the -auspices of Georce H. Thomas
• Poet No S. G. A. X..' at 'their- hail, VSO.\
Golden <ia;u avenue. Sunday. October 29. at
1 :;u s> m Interment , Georgiu H. Th-jmas
lost Plot. Natiotial Cemetery. Presidio. Re-
mains at tho parlors of A. \V. Martin &. Co.,
aiy O'Kajrtli street.
DCDLETf-Pasaed away, in this city, October
"7, IHCi, Cc-celia A., beloved mother pf Nellie
J. Dudley, a native of "New York, aged »52
yeans and 7 rocnths.
1 t^Tli? funeral penluM .will take place
t'l-day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., at
. the Darton Of Halnted fc' Co.. a4ti Mission
>-uect. Interment urivate.
Kt^SLER— In .this city. October 20, 1905,
Hermaßß Vcasler. beloved brother of Max,
Adolf and August l-'essler, v -natiVe cf BaJen,
tJcrßiatiy, ag<*d 4U years II months and 1 day.
A member of the Foresters of America of
Hayuards and of Hay-wards Lodge No. 14.
U. «!. H. S.
tT^'Kr^ndi- and acyuaiTitanoes and mem-
bers ef the Foresters of America of Haywards
{.nd <f Haywards Lodge No. 14, O. d. H. S..
* are reapecttnlly invited to attend the funeral
Hrviin Sunday. October 2U, at 12 o'clock, at
Charlea J. B. Metzler's undertaking parlor?,
\u2666 **'&<i Washinston street. Intt-rment Odd Fel-
* lows' Cemetery.
1 FITZPATRICK— In this city. October 27, VMS.
Margaret X.. beloved wife of Michael Fltz-
Vat rick, and mother of .lames P. Fitzpatrlck.
a tif.tive of County Galway, Ireland, aged
40 yi-ar.x. s
1 • CJ*The funeral will take place to-day
', <Sunuay». at Vl.l'i i«. m.. from the parlor*
<# McKaddcn. Mcßrearly & Green, 1171 Mis-
• hion street, 'bet wet.- n Seventh and Eighth,
t'.'fiire to s^t. Charles B.irromeo'» Church,
•ivhf-r^ bervicea will be held at 1 p. m. ln-
" \u25a0 tertnent Holy Crr>?s e'emetery.
FLYNN— In tliis ciy. <_Vtober 27. 39<55, Owen.
dca.rly beloved husband of Catherine Flynn,
an«l fnthor of John 0.. Catherine, Martin,
kiargarct. Patrick and liarney Flynn. a na-
tive of founty Monaehan. Ireland, aged HI
«Bn)Cklyn, N. V., and New Jersey
l-aji-is plesse copy.}
K7lViesda ana acquaintances are respect-
tHlly invite! to attend the funeral to-day
'Kwfi.iayt. at 1 p. m.. from the parlors of
ihe rnifxl I"n(3ertakers. SWi Mission street.
\u25a0 jl-<-;.,,.,. (o .^t. Brendan's Church for services
- «» I :«'» z>. m. Intf-mient Holy < Yoss Ccme-
, iei-> . A t^juiem high maws will be cele-
bnitWl Mon<lay. October 30, at St. Brendan's
Church fur the reprw? of his soul, commenc-
itiir at'S a. ni.
GALLWEY— In this city,' OctoW US. ISOS.
\u25a0 at ;>H Vfcksliuig strtct. Hannah Augustine,
dearly l*'lnv.*d duufihtoi- 01 Abbi<* «."asey and
ib^ late PevM Gallwey. stepdaughter of
John Casey. ar.<J sister of Catherine Gallwey.
Ai!>.-«ii and •'cronloa Caaey and th«- late
, Jcmniab*Caßry. « naUrc of San Francisco.
\u25a0SH) 8 years - months and 5 days.
GIAN'XO.NI-ln thi* city. October ZS, J905.
KlmenririWo Giannoni. oearly "beloved hus-
imnd of Ant"i!ie:ta Cinnn^nl, a native of
Italy, aged i>S years. __ ______
GiniJONS— ln Berkeley. October 27. 1905,
< athezioc K. Glbbyns, widow of the Mte t)r.
ICdward Giiil^ns. a Dative of Pennsylvania,
iif'-'i Mi yeai« 4 months and S days.
, C-?"Krir;!<Js p.nd acquaintances are respect-
:u!ly Invited 10 aitor.iS the funeral services
. Kuniaty. Ot-tober '-".•. at ":'.'M o'clock ji. m., at
\u25a0 ii*r late, residence^ t^ana anil Duiam streets.
- Intcrincni XJrivat';. I'lcase oniit flowers.
OlflAlUJ— ln ttis rity. October 27. I»CS,
' l-:n:ik. beloved bupband of Mary Uirard. a
jutive of France. aceJ 5.1 years r> months
pnd rr. days.
£y*.~rict\<Z* and acquaintanc3 arc respect-
fully Invited to -attend the funeral l^uniay,
1 Octcber 55, at 1 o'clock p. m., from the par-
I>it» of Jaliui- S. Gtxieau. SlO Van Ness ave-
nue, them-*- to I. O. O. F. Hall, Seventh and
Market ftiw^s. where services will be held
isnder th<r auspices of Franco-Arr.erican
.: •Loose Ku. 2<17. I. O. O. F.
HIKATT— In this city. October 26, 1905,
HireVi dive Illeatt. huj>baud of CHa Hieatt,
xrtA father o' Seitoji Heather Hieatt, a na-
tive of Kentucky, apod 73 years 1 month and
C~"Fiiends sre reppectfully Invited to at-
TEI.BPHOXn MAIN 43. n
N.QRAY&CO.,inc
i'!M;nAi, nutEtrrous.
«"yrui> S. W'rirht. president: Geo. H. Clark,
-.i« pr* -eldent: Al P. Booth, treasurer; Harold
L. "Uricht. icecretarj*.
«l'_-«M VAN* Xr.SS AVK.MK.
Between Golden Gate avenue and' Turk street,
SAN FRANCISCO. OAI>.
,-*~*Zf ; ' <* . :;\u25a0\u25a0 -.\u25a0-:\u25a0.- --..\u25a0' v ;'.>. -«*^vw •.......^..... r x'. v-.. ..^
V/OODLAWN CEMETERY.
San Mateo county.
JJASOVIC CEMKTEIIY* ASSOCIATIOX.
r•\u25a0 0 Jamee Flood Balldlng. S. F.
nets ia city Camstexlas
T_kea In Part Paymeat
lor Plots in...
CYPRESS UWH CEMETERY
1504 MARKET STREET
Or at Oematazy. - * , \u25a0
tend the funeral services Sunday, October
20. at 1:30 p. m.. at the chapel Of N. Gray
. & Co., 612-614 Van Neaa* avenue, between
Golden Gate avenue and Turk atreet. Inter-
ment private. . ' . 1 .
HOTVE— In Oakland. Cal.. October 2S, 1905.
Milton Watts Howe beloved father of Mary
M. and John M. Howe. Mra. Gertrude E.
Madfiaux of Oakland. 'Mm. J. C. Ream* of
Petaluma, Mrs. M. E. Cornell of Chicago.
lU.. end Mrs. Emma C. Ke* of Loop City.
Nebr., «. native of New Tork. aged 83 years
and a days.
KEWNIO— In this city. October 28, 1W»,
Hanna Kewnlr. beloved mother of John
Kewnlg. a native of Germany, aged 83 yetra.
LAWSON— In this city. October 28, 1906, John
Lawinn, husband of Mary A. Lawson. a
native of Sweden, aged 60 year* 11 month*
and 16 da)-*.
. CTFriends an<J acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
1 Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock b. m.. from the
parlors of Craig. Cochran A Co.. 461 Golden
Gate avenue, between Larkin and Polk
streets, under the auspices of tho Swedish
Society. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Mr GRILL — An anniversary requiem high mass '
. will be offered at St. Rom'b .Church for the
repose of tbe soul of the late Patrick H.
McGrill. father of William A., Mercedes
Sadie and George F. McGrill, Monday, Octo-
ber .10, at 9 o'clock. Friends are respectfully .
Invited to attend.
McSORLET— In thi. city, October 28. 1905.
Hannah, beloved wife of Arthur McSorley,
and devoted mother ttf Hugh T., Edward
J. and Mary W; McSorley. a native ot Dub-
; lln, Ireland.
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral Tuesday,
October 31. at 9:30 a. m., from her late
residence. .2119 A Howard street, thence to
St. Charles Borromeo's Church, where a re-
quiem high macs will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 10 a. m. ' Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FLEASANTS— In Oakland. Cal.. October 28,
1005. Mrs. Mary F. Pleasant*, aged 70 years.
PICOT— In A lam. -da. Cal.. October 28, 1905,
Sixte Plcot. beloved brotuer of Mre. M.
Coustler a native of France, aged 45 years
9 months and U days.
C^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Mcnday.
October 30. at 9 o'clock a. m.. from his
late residence. 2433 Webb' avenue, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, at 9:30. where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated lor the
\ repose of his soul. Interment St. Mary's
-Cemetery.
PORTER— In this city. October 27. 1905, Rob-
ert Porter, a native of New York, aeed 64
years.
VZS" Friends, acquaintances and members of
the G. A. R. are respectfully invited to attend
the tuneral, which will be held under the aus-
pices of Geonte H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. .A. R., at their hall. 220 Golden Gate
avenue. Monday. October 30, at 1 o'clock
p. m. Interment George H. Thomas Post
Plat, National Cemetery. Presidio. Remains
at the oarlors of A. W. Martin & Co., 319
O'Farrell »tre«t. .
REED — In Oakland, Cal., October 28. ' 1905,
Fred W.. beloved husband of Nellie I. Reed,
son of Luclnda. A. and the late Rufus Reed.
and brother of Mrs. Joseph Fife of Red Bluff
and Charles and Lottie Reed of Oakland, a
native -of California, aged 32 years 0 months
and 23 daje.
'E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral cervices
to-morrow (Monday). October 30. -at 2:30
o'clock p. m., at his late home, 1225 Chest-
; "nut street. "Oakland.
ROSE — In this city. October 27, 1905; Francis
Ncwmap Rose, Infant. son of Dr. and Mrs.
F. .N. =Roee, a native of California, ased 7
monthn and 24 days'. .
C7" Friends and- acquaintances are respect-
'fully invited to 'attend .the., funeral services
at the residence.' 227 Ashbury street, at 3
o'clock p. m., to-day (Sunday). Interment
rrlvfl'tc. ' ' . •
ROY— October 2.7, 19C5. George E.. dearly be-
loved ton of Julia 'A. and'th.e late. George E.
. Boy, ' arid ' loving brot;he'r of Mrs. Susie Roy
• Taile>\ Mrs \u25a0 Fannie Roy Clarke and the late
• Alexanatr A. Roy. a -native of San Fran-
•4-lsco. Cal'., aged 30 years '5 months and 20
davs^. " . \u25a0'\u25a0 •' - . • '
O"Tae funeral .will, take place from the
reHdeiiee of his mother,- 2650 Folsom street.
to-morrow - (Monday),- af 9 a. m.. fhence to
\u25a0 St Peter's- Chycch. where a requiem' Sigh
mass will >c celebrated for -the • repose of
his soul; at 9:30 a. m. • Interment Holy
-. .- Cro«s. Cemetery: \u25a0'. "
Sci*AUFF— in this city,' October 25. 1B05) Jo-
fe«.nn \V. Sch]auff, a native ef Germany, aged
\u25a049 years and 11 months. -
\u25a0 ' (E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to" attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the Ma-
' *cnic Temrle. corner of Post'and Montgomery
streets unSer the "auspices of California
Lodge 'No. 1. F. and A. M. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by '.3:30 train from Third
and Towjisend streets.
SHEYER— In this city .October. 26, 1905.
J«~us V. Sheyer, dearly beloved mather of.
Miss Aurora Sheyer. a native of Hermoslllo.
Sonora, Mexico.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are tespect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral- to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. "m.. from her late
' residence". S9l Broadway. **_* "
SHIPN— In the City and County Hospital. Oc-
tober 28. 1905. Andrew Shipn, a native of
' Russia, aired 40 years.
•SPVULDING — In San Anselmo, Cal., October
2*. mo, Sarah M. Spauldlng, beloved mother
of Mrs, Frank B f Latham, a native of Ohio,
aped 77 years. " ,' "7
CTTuneral private. • •
ST LOUIS-rln Fresno, Ca'l.. October 28, 1905,
Kate E.. beloved wife of George C. St. Louis.
TATK — In this city. October 27. 1905. John
• Hegeman Tate, a native of New York City.
R(?ed Zii years and 9 months. A member of
- Uer.ree H. Thomas Post No.* 2. G. A. R.
(New York papers pleaise copy.)
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, which
will" be held under the auspices of George H.
Thomas Post No. 2, G.. A. R.. at their
hail 220 Golden Gate avenue, Tuesday. Oc- '
'tcher 31, at 2 o'clock p. m. Interment
George H. Thomas Post Plat. National Cem-
etery Presidio. Remains at the funeral par-
lors" "of McGinn Bros.. 224-226 McAllister
street.
WARDWELL— In this city, October 27, 1905.
Edward, beloved son of Josephine A. and the
late Albert Wardwell, beloved and on!j»
brother of Margaret Wardwell. and nephew
of Mrs. E. W. Purinton of Oakland, a native
of San Francisco, aited 19 years.
(C?" Friend."= and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m., from the
family " residence. 11S3 Shotwell street, near
TwWty-sixth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery, by 3:40 p. m. train from Twenty-fifth
and Valencia streets.
CARD OF THANKS.
W> herewith desire to tender our heart-
felt thanks to the officers and members of
Tan-ialrw-is Camp No. 427. W: of W.. and
California Stamm N0. '70, U. O. R. M.. as
woll as the many kind friends and neich-
lK>r» for the many acts of kindness and
friendship and beautiful floral offerings,
durine our late bereavement In the lons of
a lovlnu husband and father. John H. Rauch.
MRS. SOPHIE RAUCH and Children.
KEMRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successor? to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNEKAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School. " /
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Funf rnl Directors and EmbalmerG
Formerly In Metropolitan TempleS
NOW AT 80U MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Firth, near Fifth. st.
Finest Equipments lit Moderate Rates.
fMc/Vvoy, O'Hara&Co.l
j riXKRAI. DIRECTORS. !
Removed to Their New Parlors, | j
261-271 nlV>o a ..opp.SC idUKi ICjCJOHCH |
t lAdy Assistant*. Telephone South 247. I ;
CEMETERY PLOTS
In Odd Fellows* and Masonic Cemeteries ran
- ',' ; b« exchanged for Plots In
MOUNT OLIVET.
For partJculaij apply at City Office,
GRANT BLDG.. MARKET & SEVENTH STS. !
COMMERCIAL NtWS
Continued l-'rom Page 47.
M C Wat 5s — 114 !Sun Tel 65.. 112 —
O T Con 6«.lf>« 10«U! *>i> 5s 110% —
Risl AVUsS*.IUO — |Suttr^t R55.105 JlO •
SF Drdk 55. 115 — •
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
\la S C«... — 2« t Can Con A. — IB
Am Bis Co.llo — IMat Xav C 0.125. 185
iCal Cot Mis JK) J»l Mils Nat 8k.325 —
Cal G&ECor — W> INS R R Co. — 12H
C Jockey Cl.l22Ui:h> I N Cal P Co. 10% 11 ij
Cal Powaer.iuu — lOk Bk Sav.lso —
Cal Ship Co— 2S jIOOK Hall A 0% —
CalT I & T.ICS 175 JOrphcum Co. 16 —
Cen Bk. Ok. — "."» PacC Cas Co. 140 —
Chutes Co.. — . 5 I'ac Sur Co. — 120
Cltyt C Bk.lO7^ll'J Parar Paint. — 90
Cyp L Imp. -ft H S F Drjdock —1 75
DixPwd pMBS 00 fc'F & SJCoal — 23
Do com' ..75 00 S Jose Wat. 10.1^4 —
FN Bk. OH.IIM — SC& MTfrbt.l2s —
Flschr Thtr 75c — 60 Pac Co. . — CS
Frr.ch-A HK-10S% — Swlse-A 8k.125 130
Hono 1- Ob. — 34 Truck Elect. 17 H —
Do old pi. — 35» Union 8 Co. — ST
Do nw pi. — 37 W-Fargro 8k.230 2*o
SALES.
Morning Session. *
Boara —
10 Central Trust ' Co Of Ca1. .....102 00 -
15 Central Trust Co of Ca1.... 101 50
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stock.— Bid. Aiked..
Asso dl Stock Tr Cert... t>9
California-Standard 40 ....
Caribou 9 00
Claremont . >T7U
Coallnffa PaciHc -75 ....
Forty ... .; .... B5
THE • SAN;FRANQISCO;;;GALL^ SUNDAY;- OCTOBER : 29, 1905:
Four 28 \u25a0- :\u25a0 ....
Horn* .. ...........-...;. 51 " 64;
Kern . 1860 .....
Kern (ffew) ...."...........; 12. 80
Monarch of Arizona: ....... "\u25a0 ; 15 . .'....'.
Monte Crlsto 75 77%
Occidental of W V»......... .... 04 •
Oil City Petr01eum.......... 72 80
Peerless 5 00 . 800 '
Reed. Crude .34 ....
Shawmut .... : 86
Superior 05 ....
Tolteo 60 ....
Twenty-Bight ...; 11M
Wabash 80
Gas and Bl*ctrlo —
Northern Cal Power 10 87% ....
Miscellaneous Stocks —
Fischer R Theater Co 126
North Shore Railway "V. \u25a0 2 00 -. .'.'..-
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—, ; <'.-. _„
500 Claremont OU TT^
1000 Monte Crlsto 75^
MlnlnK Stock*.
BAN- FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Followlnr were the sales on the Ban Fran
cleco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday :
»:30 a. m. Seislon— Comatocka.
400 Beicher .. ... 29] 300 Potosl ....... U
600 Con Va M...1 80 200 Potosl . *.. 15
50 Con Va M...1 85 200 Savage ...... 50
600 Gould & Cur. 25| COO Sierra Nev,.. 33
300 Hale & Norc.l 15! 400 Union Con ..62
100 Overman .... ll| 500 Yellow Jacket 22
12 m. Informal Session— Comstocks.
• 100 Andes ....... 28 60 Ophir ....'. .6 57%
200 Belcher 20 100 Overman, 11
100 Belcher 30 200 Potosl .......15
200 Chollar 10 500 Potosl 14
200 Chollar - 15| 100 Savage 50
400 Con Va M...1 80i 200 Sierra Nev ...' 33
100 Gould & Cur. 25 500 Silver Hill .. 92
100 Mexican 1 60 1600 Union Con .. 52
100 Mexican ....145 400 Utah 11
150 Ophir .. 5 75 100 Yellow Jacket 22
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 10 12| Gould & Cur. 24 28
Alta /. 03 ot.| Hale & Norcl 10 120
Andes 27 20' Julia ........ 00 08
Belcher 20 '.H, Justice 02: 03
Best & 8e1..l U0 1 70|ICsntuck 01 03
Bruns Chollar '01 — JLady Wash... 02 Ot
Bruns C Va. 02 —; Mexican 145 150
Bruns G& C 01 — \ Occidental ... 87 90
Bruns Potosl 01 —Ophir ......6 75 5 87%
Bruns Savage 01 — !Ophlr-Bruns.. "" lo
Bullion 38 40 Overman 10 11
Caledonia ... 46 48 Potosl 14 15
Challenge ... 15 17 Savage 50 61.
Chollar 14 1« Scorpion ..... 13 15
Confidence .. 75 85| Seg Belcher.. 04 05
Con Va M...1 SO 1 S5 ( Sierra Nev .. 32 S3
Con Imperial 01. 021 Silver .Hill .. 92 03
Con NY 01 02; Union Con . . 51 53
Crown Point. OS ->o.t|Utah 10 12
E> Sierra Nev — 05| St Louis 06 —
Eureka C0n.. 2 25 2 60' Syndicate .11 —
Exchequer .. 50 621 Yellow Jacket 22 23
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session. .
1600 Bullfrog Eac. 351 1500 Kendall .....' 24
2000 Bullfg N Bk 15 5500 MacNamara. . 81
SCO Cash 80y.530 10 2000 M'Nwra, b 60 32
2000 Cash Boy .-. 17| 400 Mont T0n.. 2 27V6
2500 Den Bullfrog 21 (1100( 1100 Mont Ton ...2 SO
500 Den Bullfrog 22| 400 Ohio Ton .... 23
2000 Den Blfg,b»o L' 4; HKX> Ohio Ton 24
2000 Dn Blfg Anx 0511000 Ohio Ton, b9O 25
200 Dlamondfleld. 24) 1500 Rescue -06
1000 Dixie 09'lCOOSt Ives ... :. 14
3500 Eclipse 391 500' Ton Blmont.l 37^6
750 Goldfleld Mln 30 200 Belmont. 55.1 37%
800 Goldfleld Mln 57 1000 Ton Hme Con 00
1700 Goldfleld Mm ' SS; 2000 Home C0n.b.60 09
1000 Hoir.e'.. ...'.. •>«; SCO Ton Mdway.l 87%
3000 Kendall iSi! ISCO West End ...1 10
500 Kendall. 8 10 l'3l looo W End.bGO.l 17%
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. ' :
Tonopth District.
Bid.As!..| Bid. Ask.
Belmont 137 1 \u2666Oj Lucky Tom... — 05
Belmont Eac.. — 12. MacNamara.. 31 32
Boston Ton.. 11 12\ Midway 1351 37
Brgr.'e JB Ex — I'JiMlzpoh Ex .. 11 12
California ... 05 07 Mont Ton ...2 30 232
Cash Boy . . 16 1 7J Mon Pttsburg — IS
Colehan — l'» Monitor 02 03
Eula Con ... — IJ|N V Ton Con 15 16
Gold Anchor. 83 K>\ North Star 44 45
Golden Gate. — o*qOhio Ton 23 25
Gold Mt . . . . 11 1- Red Rock Ex — 15
Gold Mt Con — 0?| Rescue OG 07
Great Westm 02 OijTon Exten -.5 75 600
Ind Tonopah. — 01 Ton Hme Con 06 07
Home OS Ot'lTonSlv & Gld 15 —
Jim Butler.,. 62 6TiTon of Nev.l2 37 1-2 50
J Biftler Ex. — I*. | Virginia 10 —
Little Ton ..2 37 2 50' West End ...1 07 1 12
Goldtleld District.'
Adams 04 0M Goldfleld Ton. — 05
Atlanta' 09 ll«| Great Bend .. — 06
'Aurora 00 0(« Highland .... — 13
Black Ants.. — OllJumbo M Co. 75 76
Black Butte. 14 1C Jumbo Ex ... 20 .21
Blk Btte Ex — 02 Juno — 01
Black Rock.. — C 2 Kendall ..... 23 25
Blue Bell ... 04 05 Lone Star ... 07 OS
Blue. Bull ... 07 CS Lucky Star .. — .04
8r00k1yn..... 01 ,02 May. Queen... 15 .16
Btte Goldfleld" 3B :— Mohawk .;.... 15', 10
Bull & Bear. 02 03 Nevada Boy.. 13 14
Booth M Co. 05 — I Nev Goldfleld. -24 '20
C0D..... 40 • 60j Nev Southern. — \,- 11.
Columbia ... 15 — | Oakes —[ OS
Columbia Mt 14 16 Oakland — 10
Conqueror .. 13 16 Oro — 05
Diamond .... — 15 Pennsylvania. 01 02 :
Diamondfleld. 24 20 Red Lion 02 03 i
Dmdfld Trngl — 10 Potlatch OS, —
Dominion ... — 00 Red Top 60 fi2
Dixie OS 10 Tied Top Ex.. 01 0-1
Empfre. 05 06J; : 'andstorm .'. . 42 43
Exploitation. — 04 .Sandstorm Ex OS 10
Fawn 05 — t Sherman — 25
Florence 2504 00 Wlvcr Pick .. 06 07
Frisco — OS JUmmerone . . — 20
Gold Dust .. — (17 <Xt Ivee 13 14
; Gold Hill ... — 02 '?Yeasure 04 09
1 Goldfleld Mln 57 —I Verde — C 2
Gld& G Reed — 10 Vernal 04 05
Gldfld Rand. 05 o«i Wonder — 02
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... — CSI Gold Bar .... 28 30
Amethyst ... 14 15! Gldfld Bullfrj — 10
Big Bullfrog. — 10|I.tge Harris.. 02 f»3
Bonnie Clare 65 — 1 ont Bullfrog \u25a0- 02 C 3
Bullfrog Mm 40 50tOrlg Bullfrog. 22 23
Bullfrog Anx 02 04' Pilot 20 — :
Bullfrog Com 06 — I n«d Dog 04 C 5
Bullfrog Ex. 33 35! Sin Francisco 17 10 I
Blfrg Bundle OH 10]S-ioshone — OS
Blfrg Jumper 10 — j.S loehn B Gld — 25
Bullfg N Bk 14 15'Stclnway — 14
Den Bullfrog 19 21 Vmtura ..... 11 13
Dn Blfg Anx — CfilV.sta Grande. — 05
Eclipse \u25a0\u25a0\u25a038 40! \\ olverlne •" 05 10 j
Other Districts.
Brown Hope. — 1* Pf.ymaster ... 01 02 1
Congress 15 — Ray & O'Brien €6 07 i
Esperanza .. — 01 Rocco Hmstk. 82 — i
Gold Reer M 15 — Rnthwoll .... — 26!
Gold Quartz. 35 — | Si ver Peak. . — 17
Kawlch &B. — VI Southwestern. — 25
Kawich King — OljSylvanta 05 10
Kawch MCo 05 dfl'Tckop Con ... 03 05
Lsda Hawk.. — s<>!
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
11' a. in. Session.
200 Belcher 29' .r)(O. r )(O Kendall 2t
SOO Con Va M.I S2>s s(<! MacNamara.. 31
1000 Goldfleld Mm 50 25(0 Orlg Blfg. *.'U) 22
250U Hme» Con.bOO c9[2t!(o Rescue, b CO. . 07
2M Jumbo M Co. 74; 0 Ton Mi.lway..l ;:5
ittOO Kendall . -'21 SCO Ton N Star.". 44
W0 Kendall ..... 23| 200 AVost End ...1 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
ComstocKs.
Bld:Ask.: Bid. Ask.
Alpha 10 12| Julia ..06 —
Alta 'U — Uustlce — 06
Andea 27 -Di Kentuck ..... 02 —
Belcher 2<» 30: Lady Wash... ' — ".04
Best & 8e1..l tO 1 70! Mexican .....1 45 1 50
Bullion 3S —'Occidental ... S7 «—
Caledonia ... 46 49; Ophir 6 7f> 600 ;
Challenge ... 15 17|Ov*rman .... 10 12
Cliollar . 15 16; I'otosl ....... 15 10
Confidence .. 7C So:Sarage 50 Mi
Con Va'M...l 80 1 M;Sor Belcher. . 05 00;
Con Imperial — 02; Scorpion ...".. 13 15
Con NY.... — 04' Sierra Nev... \u25a0:«, 34
Crown Point. 07 09| Sliver HIU .. l>2 —
Exchequer ... ' — Bl;St l/cjuis — 11,
E SUrra Nev — ,04, Union Con .. KM:
Gould & Cur. 24 261 Utah 10 11
Hale & Norcl 15 1 2<>i Yellow Jacket 22 24
Tonopah District.
Belmont 135 —'Midway ...1 30 1 37%
California ... — OOlMlzpah Ex .. 10. 12
Cash Boy .. — ISjMont T0n.. .2 27% 230 1
Colehan — 10| N V Ton Con 20 21
Gold Anchor. ?5 BJ> : Ncrth Star... 45 46 i
Great Westrn — 04%'0h10 _' 25,
Home ....... 07% 0.»; Paymaster ... 01 02
Home Con .. — 09. Rescue ...... 06 \u25a0— ;
In<l Tonopah.oo% 01'4'S Nev Uev..; 01 • 04
Jim Butler... 63 — |Ton Exten ..5 75"
Liitle Ton .. — 2 75 Ton of Nev.l2 50 13 25
Lucky. Tom. . — 17! United. Ton . . . 16 !
MacNamara.. 31 ; ."'-I West : End ...1 10 1 15 |
Goldfleld District. ,
Adams . . 04 ,4 — Jumbo M Co. — 75 I
Austin ...... — 31 Jumb.> Ex ...... 22
Black Butte. 15 19 Kendall 23 24
Blk Btte Ex. — oT4tl^)ne Star ... C©
•Black Rock.. ."— 03: May Queen... .16 —
Blue Bell ... 03 —I Mohawk .....' 14 _
Blue Bull . .. 06 —I Nev Goldfleld. 20 28 '
Brooklyn ... • <>2 C 5 Oakes .. ... —: 10 |
Columbia ... 18. — |<>ro _ *%04!
Diamond .... — 15! Pa Goldfield.. 02* 03i
Dlamondfleld. — 30 Red Lion .... 02 04
Dixie ....... 00 11 Red Top -.— ;
Frisco . f. ... — 10 Red Top Ex. . — .02 ,
EStploltatton. — 01 St : Ives ... ;. 12 ° 16
Gldfld G Dst 03 .01 Sandstorm ... -40 —
'Gld& G Reed 11 ' \u25a0 -=- Sandstorm Bx -08 —
Gldfld L Star — 07 Silver Pick ;. 08 "08
Goldfleld Nev 53 57| Simmerore .. — v 25
Great Bend.. 03 — | Vernal- \u25a0 — 05
Bullfrog District.! p££;;
Amargosa . . : 01 021 IJge ; Harris . . 01 % {13
B*atty Blfrg — 05 Mont Bullfrog — 04
Bullfrog Anx — 04 Orlg Bullfrog. 21 -_
Bullfrg Belle — 07 Shoshone .... " — 12
Bullfrog Mln — 55 Vista Grande. — 00
Bullfg Itf'Bk IB — •! Wolverine ..;\u25a0„ — , - \\-
Eclipse — 40J - j \u25a0 .
Other: Districts. -
Brown" Hope. — .-\u25a0'- 101 Pine Grove -.:.-' O3: —
Bsperanxa ,-..': — 00%|Ray & O'Brien.os —
Free Gold .. — •' .16|Rothwolli:.-.-,;^ 04'\; 10
Gold Mt Con — * 02 Silver Peak;. — . 21
Kawlch Gold. ' — ;; 01 Ton : Berkeley. —";'\u25a0" 05
Nev Sunshine IB « — | Ton Gold Mt. 09 —
RISING REALTY PRICES
MAKE MARKET STRONG
Buyers Are Numerous
for Holdings in
This City.
Large and Smair Lots
Are Well Sold by
the Brokers,
With prices for local realty continuing
to advance and the demand strong for all
sorts of property, the market remains
very active and the transactions of last
week were numerous. The reported sales
of the last six days Include several that
give an index to the prices being paid
for eligible holdings in central parts of
the city and also' the general run of
prices for residency lots and small store
corners in all parts of Saii Francisco.
Some of. the dearer,' as reported by brok
ers, are given herewith.
Theodore Payne has bought the north
west corner, of Washington and Sansome
streets from the Starr Estate Company
I for $135,000. ! • ,
Madison & Burke have sold the «Pa
"cific Fruit Market on the north line of
I Clay street, 137:6 ftet east of Montgom
; cry street, -with lot 45:10x122 feet, for
; J55.000. The improvements, renting for
i $500 a month, consist of a two-story and
j basement brick building,
i The American Steel and Wire, Company
I has sold the block bounded by Army, Il
linois, Marin and Kentucky streets to the
Ocean Shore Railway Company," for $25,
000. \.
\u25a0 The Yon Rhein Real Estate Company
has sold two blocks extending from
Twenty-third to Twenty-fifth avenues and
from Li to M streets, for Burrill G. White
for $20,000, an advance of 55000 while Mr.
White was waiting for the deed from the
Salinger estate; half a block on the south
line of Lake street, between fifteenth
and Sixteenth avenues for ; a client to~
the Wiessbein Brothers, for $30,000; south
west corner of Montgomery and Vallejo
streets, 40:7x98:11 feet, with L. of 26x130
feet and old improvements, for Rosalie
Desma to S. F. Magnes, for $31,000; north
east corner of Powell and Vallejo streets,
45:4x65:9 feet .with stores and ; fiats for
Joseph Pries ter to P. U. Pon, for $20,
000. '
r .O. F. yon Rhein, personally, has sold
the southeast corner of Polk and Wash
ington streets, 102:8V4xlCO feet, 'in two
pieces, the corner, 60:8x100 feet, to the
Hind Estate Company, for $55,000 and the
inside holding, 40:0^x100, feet to Barton
S. Hayes, -for $24,000. Mr. yon Rhein has
also purchased the northwest corner of
Clay and Polk streets, 63:1014x88:6 feet,
with" old buildings, from Anna and Agnes
Schulthies, for $00,000. ,
Thomas Magce & Sons have sold 20:10 x
100 feet and two-story brick building on
the west line of Powell street, 76:10 feet
south of Sutter street, for Charles Schles
singer to a cllenWor $56,100. Old frame
buildings are the present improvements.
Louis '.FTiedlander and .if. K. Houston
have bought fiom Mrs. Haskell 27:6x137:6
feet on the north line of O'Farrell street,
165 feet east of Taylor. street, with three
story frame, renting for $250 a month, for
about $50,000. * L:H>;
SOUTH OF MAKKJET STREET.
A. J. Rich &" Co. rcporC the sale of the
new six-story steel and brick building
situate on the south line of Mission street
100 feet east of Fourth street, 25x100,. pay
ing a rental under ten years lease of $425
per month. 'It was sold by E. W. Crellin
to the John Roaenfeld's Sons Company
for a sum of a little over $SO,OOO. They
have also made the following sales:
To the M. Fisher Company, for John E. and
W H • Adams, on the easterly line of Sixth
street. 75 feet north of Bryant street. 75xlttO
feet through to Morris avenue, covered by
stores and flats, paying a good, re venue. for
S4O 0O0;. also the southwest corner of Har
rUon and Oak Grove avenue, 'or' Joseph Ba*r
to Mr. de Croze for the -sum of $20,500; for
Mrs Kate 1. Norton to a client, on the south
line of Pine street, 110 feet east of Octavla
street, thence ca.t. 05x1^0 leet t» mr street
for about ?1«5.WO; to Frederick Hoffman^for
Henri- Belasco. two flats on west line Web
ster street 62 feet south of Ellis, 23x87 :«. for
TOOOO.
Nat Raphael has bought the interest
of Charles Higgins In a 50-vara on the
southwest corner of Second and South
Park streets on a basis of $60,000. He
has also sold the southwest corner of
North Park lane and Second street to
Isaac Frohman for $16,000. '
Koardman Bros, have sold the south
west corner of Fifth and Clara streets,
70:6x75 feet, with old improvements,
first for v'JS.OOO. and then for $32,000;
also two tlats. with lot 50x120 feet, on
the north line of Bluxome street, 200
feet west of Fourth, street, for Mary
Mullownny and Mary E. Skinner to a
client of Baldwili & llov.ell for $16,000.
Speck & Co. have sold the southwest
corner of Ninth, and Bryant streets, 25x
100 feet, with threo-slory building, for
Mrs. O'Connor to Carrie M. Smith for
$12,000; the northwest corner of Jack
son and Drumm streets. 60x60 feet, for
Airs Charlotte F. Clarke to Gustav
iiarshall for $13,000;- 44:5x65:9 feet,
with six-story and . basement brick
liiilldlng on the south line of Post
street 99:109 9 :10 feet west of Taylor street,
for Gustav Harshall to Mrs. Charlotte
F. Clarke for $130,000; also 27:6x120
feet on the south line of Eddy street,
HO feet west of Franklin street, for
Mrs. Charlotte F. Clarke to Gustav
Harshall for $22,000. '
.. W. D. Brown & Co. report the sale
to Robert J. Hancock for E. R. Lllien
thal, 50x100:6 feet on the northwest
line of Ninth street, 75 feet northwest
of Mission street; with improvements,
for $52,000. Mr. Hancock .will probably
improve this proDerty handsomely with
;i large building:. Mr.. Hancock owns
largely on Sixth street.
An important sale of recent date in
the Mission district has just been made
by Baldwin & Howpll. 'v? The property
consists of the 10t,_40x137:6 feet at the
southwest corner of Valencia and Fif
teenth streets, upon which^. there has
recently been constructed a three-story
brick building leased for a period of
years to GreenebaunV Weil & ; Mlchels
at $200 per month. The'purchaser. who
is an Eastern client 1 of ; Baldwin &
Howell, has paid $35,000. fou the prop
erty. < ' :-.. . \u25a0\u25a0 :.-\u25a0.-\u25a0\u25a0 .. X - "\u25a0\u25a0 '': '\u25a0'-
The property owned by-the estate of
Jane Stark at the southeast, corner 'of
Eighth and Clementina streets ' ..;: has
been sold by Baldwin ;&" Howell -and
confirmed- by the : Superior Court. ' to
Maurice V. Samuels ior $29,650. ; The
lot has a. frontage on Eighth street of
SO feet, with a; deptho.. Ts:feet; .The
improvements consist ;of a. three-storj'
frame building, -with four stores v and
fiats above, renting for about $1 ST. per
month/. : .; .'"'/.
• \u25a0\u25a0" SALES IX ALL '-'SKCTIOXS. ' s
. Baldwin, & Stetson ' have made sales
as follows:.; .- ' : '\u25a0\u25a0 i ' .:-.-. ; '
' For >Patrlck \, S. O'Rourke ; and , wife. ~J to the
M." Fischer Company, 60x90 and improvements.'
on : . the southwest line .-•- of .1 Fifth < street, - and
25x75;feet,: on the : north-west, line- of. Shipley
street. : 175 feet "\u25a0 southwest \u25a0:\u25a0 of = Fifth ; street;., for
$23,000;' for L. I^uchettl. % to C. XV. \u25a0 fiutro. : Im
provements fit 1 603 and : 605 Montgomery ave
nue, r» with ; " lot J » 38xS6v«feet, i for.v ?14.50O; • for
Frank P. • Shannon," to } Mrs. ? L«na" Marx," 26 :.1 x
80 - feet - and ,- improvemenU « on" the .west ' line
of ? Buchanan • street. >_76:6 j feet : south '. of .Jack
son. •\u25a0:\u25a0:: for ;. ; *MMO: for KM.> S. Galvin. : to ; a
client, j 31xS5 .feet -on 'the west; line ; of- Hyde
street. 66:0 '\u25a0:.\u25a0 feet 'south:' of \u25a0. -. Beach, for
$6000; . for - Charles ! A. : - ; Dumont,*; to "Andrew, 1 O.
Thulin,* 25x76 ;, feet *\u25a0\u25a0 and - Improvements on ; the
southeast \u25a0 line of. Shipley, street. 225 : feet : south
of ( ' Fifth, " for --\u25a0 55000; * for '-\u25a0' Ellen ' - Kennedy,
to a client, 23 :0xS0 ' feet ' and . Improvements , on
- ' \u25a0 -\u25a0*\u25a0 -\u25a0 •-•- v\
the southwest line of Fourth street, for $4550;
for C. C. Cowglll. . to* Andrew C. Thulin. 25x75
feet and Improvements on' the northwest line
of Shipley street, for ?37OO; for C. C. Burr, to
J. C. Vischl, 25x112:6 feet on the south line
of Union street. 170:6 feet west of Gough,
for $2500; for - Louis Metzger . and others,
to a client, 25x100 feet on the west line of
Potrero avenue. 145 feet south of Twenty-first
street, for $1200; : for Wilhelm Grund. 50x100
feet on the west line of Missouri street. 341
feet north of Array.
F. 8. -Surryhne reports" the follow-
Ingr recent sales:
Mary C. Deasy to A. J. Ranken. west- line
of Frtmont street, ' 130 feet north Folsom, 25
xBO feet, $7000; W. F. Sharp -to H. Shalef,
house and lot. 83 Shot well street, between
Fourteenth Sand Fifteenth. 25x122:8 feet. J4500;
C." Langenberger to H. P. Sophey, house and
lot, 2709 Folsom street, between Twenty-third
and Twenty-fourth. 30x90 feet. $3000; J. J«.
do Haven to Mr. Getz. northwest corner DevU
adero and Washington streets, 35x100, $10,-
OCo; Meyerstein to Fritz. 1 east line of Ashbury
street. 300? feet .south of Frederick. 30xl0ti
feet. ?310O;,John Hunt to J.llarrlgan, house
and lot, 2814 Bush street, between Baksr and
Lyon,. 25x137:6 feet, . $4250; F. Ryder to a
client,, house and lot. 908 Leavenworth street,
between Bush and Pine. 18:9xU8:9 feet, $3000;
F. A. Wllkins to a cllMit, west line of Fol
som etreet, 50 test south of Seventeenth. 50x
100 feet, ?5100; Mrs. Barbleri to Ella F.
FVanks. 43:6x73:6 feet, with stores and flats,
southwest corner of Pacific street and McCor
mlck place, between Hyde and Larkin. ?SstO;
Flora A. Bland to * Margaret Higgins. west
line of" South Broderlck ; street. 181 feet south
of Buena Vista avenue, 25x115 ftet. $14(X);
Union Trust Company to William Helbing.
northeast . corner Howard and Thirteenth
streets, 27 :(J.xSO feet, . 55500; same to E. Erl
gero, north line of Howard street. 27:6 "feet
east of Thirteenth, 27:0x80 feet. ?2550: same
to Cuneo. north line of Howard street. 55 feet
west of Thirteenth. 27:0x80 feet. .«2550; same
to P. Galvin, north line of Howard street. 110
feet east of Thirteenth, 27:6x104 feet, $3500;
same to Mrs. C. Kinsman, north line of How
ard street, 137:6 feet east of- Thirteenth. 27:6
xlO4 feet, $35<>0; same to Voigt & Lewis,
north line .of Howard street, 160 feet . east " of
Thirteenth. 55x104 feet. ?05O0': same to Buller
dietk, east line of Thirteenth street. SO feet
north of Howard. 24:6x110*" feet. $2450; Otto
Falch to James Comisky, three flats and lot,
2280 Howard street, between -Eighteenth and
Nineteenth. ?11,000. \u25a0
MANY SITES FOR HOMES. '
Baldwin &- Howell have made the fol
lowing sales:
Lot 25x90, on the south line of Folsom street.
200 feet west or Fifth, with two-ntory frame
bulldinsr, from Mary . Archer to William Ad
ams; for the California', Title Insurance and
Trust '•Company to \V. G. Hind, vacant lot.
25x100 feet, on the east side of Broderick
street. 50 feet north of Fell, for $2400: from
John E. Hill to Emma Hilp, lot 29:0x100 feet
on the south side of Sacramento street. 23 feet
west of Walnut, for $2900; R. D. McElroy to
A; Petrie. lot 27:6x137:6 feet on the east side
of Pierce^ street, 137:6 feet north of Page, and
27:bxllO'fe«t on the east side of Pierce street,
55 feet south of Oak, for about $7000; Califor
nia Title Insurance and Trust Company to
Henry Jacks, vacant lot, 50x100, on the south
side of Haves s-treet. ol:0 feet east of Brotl
erick. $49C0; Economy Building and Loan As
sociation to 0.-' W. Robinson, two-story house
of 6 rooms, with lot 21x57:0 feet at the north
west corner of Laguna street and Masnolia
avenue for $2525; John Duncan to Augusta
A. Lamont, vacant lot. 50x82 feet, on south
line of Sacramento street, 50 feet east of Pre
sidio avenue. $5000; R. D. McElroy to Wil
helmina Becker, vacant. lot, 27:6x100 feet, on
the er-st side of Pierce street, 27:0 feet south
of Oak. for about $34C0; R. B. Glrdwood to
George Guthrie, lot 75x1C0, on north side of
Twenty-nrth street, 25 feet west of De Haro,
lor $»l>50; Delia Cunningham to A. Nelborger,
two-story building of two flats, wfth lot 30x
79 feet, on the south side of Jersey street,
4. r > feet east of Nee, for $3050: United Rail
roads, to J. Heyman Company, lot 25x100 leet
on the south side of Thirteenth street, 75 feet
east of Dame, for $800; C. L- Tllden to N. T.
Glacomini, lot 114x152 feet on the southeast
corner of Twenty-eighth and Douglass streets,
for $780; Mary B. Taylor to W. W. Rednall.
lot 27:3x1C0 tcet on the west side of Con
necticut atreet, 72:6 feet north of Eighteenth,
and also lot 25x1C0 feet on east side of
Arkansas street. 72:0 feet north of Eighteenth,
lor §1150. - ' ". . -"v^
Baldwin &\u25a0. Howcll have made the fol
lowing salesln the Richmond and Sun
set districts:
A Meyer to. Edith Carpenter, 25x100. south
3lde of'H street, 30 feet east of Twenty-first
avenue. $1525: A. Meyer to Charles F. Groat,
25x100 • wert-. side of Twenty-first avenue, 150
feet north of I street. $1000; John Jenkins to
Frank Fleck. Jet 25x100. south elde of Lake
street " 57* i feet west of ' Nineteenth avenue,
$1000; Rosa Dodd to John F. Bolts. 25x100
west side of Twentieth avenue, 200 feet north
of I street. $1100: M. Wlllard to James Ma
lony, lot 50x120. east Bide of Forty-sixth ave
nue 200 feet scuth of C street. . $15C0: Mary
Elliott to Frederick Meyerstein, 25x120 feet,
southeast corner of Forty-third avenue and A
street \u25a0 $2CO«J; H. Hoehner to A. Harrlncton,
lot 75x95. west line of Fourth avenue, 35 feet
south of. Hugo street. $4875.
SUDUUBAV REAI, ESTATE.
The 'most important of real estate
transactions in Koss Valley, Marin
County, is the sale of the holdings of
the Ross Valley Land Company, known
as the Sunnypide Tract, to a. client o«
F. ii. Hurry hne. This tract embraces
over 300. acres of rolling and timbered
land, -and has rj rnfi« ami a half front
age, with exits to. three railway sta
tions. The purchaser will subdivide in
acreage pieces to suit buyers, and will
offer the same ;:t low figures. The pur
chase price is supposed to be .in the
neighborhood of $70,000. A unique fea
ture of this property is that the pur
chaser intends to develop his own wa
ter supply, making It independent of
the present water system.
Baldwin &' Kowell report that the
work .: of grading . the . avenues, con
structing sev.ers and laying water
pipes in subdivision 3 of San Ma
teo Park is progressing rapidly. They
antioi]»ate placing the property on the
markc-t in about two weeks. The sur
vey, which Is now in the hands of D.
Uromnold, has been nearly completed,
and maps /will, be ready during the coin
ing week. A large number of sales
have been made by Baldwin & Howell
during the last few weeks. JJ. A. Horn
leln, T. C." "West. Frank H. Cranford,
P. S. Vim Winkle. Catherine Bruce.
Charles S. 1.., Kamcs, Mary A. Mcljaren,
R. J. Sheridan anil George C. Browne
an- among the purchasers. The lots
sold, are in the villa lot subdivision of
fcjan Alateo Park ' They average in size
about 150 feet iron t and from 170 to
ISO feet In depth. .
In Baldwin ie Howell's resubdi vision
of San ilatftn \u25a0 I'ark, where the- lots
have been ' divided, into 50-foot front
ages, the following ..sales., have "been
made: To 1 William Donegan, J. J. Wal
lace, J. J." Burke, Margaret Robertson,
R. Wallace, K. R. Richter, William T.
McColluin. E.Alltucker. William Cryer.
J. Chaitteloup pnd James Whit ton.
- Hooker' & ! Lent i sold at auction, dur
ing the itist week properties as follow.-?:
Lot. 69:0x135 feet and four tenements at
Nos. 1033 to .1K57 Mission street, between
Twelfth and Tftlrteenth - Rtreetn. ; for $15.5C0;
south corner of Howard and : Harriet street
75x80 feet and Improvements renting for ? 154
a month. ( for $.TO.liOlJ: : 75x80 feet | and ( four 2
story houses at X'~l to 33!t Tehama street, near
Fourth, renting for $S5 a. month, : for fll.OOO;
west corner of Townsend. and : Crook streets.
44x77 :C : feet and store \u25a0• and , flats renting for
$00 a month; for $ 12.750; -V' two lots on the
west line of Arkansas street, • north of Sierra
street. 100x100 and 75x100. "for ?81-U and $050;
«s::{xBo' feet and four, frame, houses at 290S to
2914 .Mission. street, between .Twenty-fifth and
Twpjity-sljfth' streal!«. for $14,000; 25xlK):o'an(l
store and flats ut ,$-'JS Fillmore street, between
Sacramento and ..Clay j streets, for:' $10,000; 23r
I^o feet and. 2-story . building, with Etore ana
lodging ! hou?e_ therein at 570 Sixth street,' De
.tweenjßryant and Brannan street*, for $11.WV>.
NEAR THE; OCEAX DEACHJ
'". B. Getz reports ' that a repeti
tion, .of ;. what was done on Market
street £ forty years ago : ; Is now beingr
enacted on ,, the ..sand V hills south of
Gold,en : Park. vExceijt to the pl
oneei' of early dayssJt is indeed a novel
sight'to'see a; sandhill' transformed into
a city- building: 'block. •, This work is
being done by.'B. Getz.whois the 4 own
er of i the 1 block := bounded by: I and J
'street'ss arid? Forty-third .%-. and Forty
fourth - avenues." The : elevation being 1
seventy-five feet above] ocean- level an( j
the:; block : terraced V: high"; from "every
part 'of .the; ground :an unobstructed
view,;' can be "obtained," of and
park. '\u25a0_ ; The. streets arebeins: g:raded\to
the "actual {official .grade",^tb ; be \ accepted
by ; the -Board*, of ''Public ..Works.'. 1 The
gas and water/; companies are favor
ably f putting' f, their'
pipes'in^ the ; graded 'to supply
their material to residents. Although
It will be sixty days before the work
Is completed, lots are on sale.
Sol. Getz & Son report the following
sales:
Lot 25x100. north line of J street, east of
Forty-third avenue, to Margaret Evans; ax
120. east line of Tenth avenue, south •of J
street, to Louis C. Wlsslng; 6«^c120. eaat line
of Twenty-first avenue, norUi of X street, to
F. H. Irvine; SOxICO. north line of J street,
east of Forty-third avenue, to F. H. Irvine:
25x120. cart line of Flrty-aixth avenue, scuth
of S atreet. to M. Evans; 25x120. east line or
Forty-third avenue, north of J street, to H- J.
Folkers; 32:6x100, n«rthea«t corner of K^ street
and Twenty-eighth avenue, to J. C. Carroll:
25x120. west line of Forty-fourth avenue. 273
feet north of J street, to F. M. Hanson: 80x125.
northwest corner of Montana and Capitol
streets, to S. J. Palmer; 25x100, north line «'
B street. 'west of Thlrty-alxth avenue, to M. i*.
Jane*.
B. Get« reports the following sales
made for the month of October:
\u25a0 South line of Clement street, east of Nine
teenth avenue, 25x100.' t0 T. H. Bennett: west
line of Forty-fourth avenue north of O street.
60x120. to Mabelle Nace; north line of O street,
west of Forty-fourth avenue. 25x100. to M.
Nace; east line of Forty-fourth avenue, nortti
of M street,. 50x120. to S5. R. Nace; northeast
corner of Madrid and Japan streets. 50x100. to
C. O. Ohlson; southeast lins of Madrid street.
50 leet northeast of Japan avenue, 25x100, to
Henry Dobert. northeast corner T street and
Forty-sixth avenue, 32:0x100. to Martina
Ruegrs: south line of O street, 50x100. to
Theresa Feintuch; south line of B street east
of Twenty-seventh avenue. 25x152:0. to B. F.
Aubel; south line -of Forty-fifth avenue, south
of V street. 25x120. to George W. Wise; east
line of Forty-fourth avenue, south of U street.
60x120. to H. Stettin; southwest corner of V
street and Thirty-ninth avenue, 107:6x100. to
Simpson & Crawford: wwt line of Ramselt
street, south of Garneld, "sxloo. to Annie St.
Clalr; northeast corner of Fortieth avenue and
TV atreet. 57:0x101). to S. E. Coiner: southeast
corner of Thirty-fourth avenue and S street.
240x158. to Simpson & Crawford: southeast line
of London street, southwest of Persia avenue.
25x100. to \V. and A. Stayart; south line of
S street. «M3t of Thirty-fourth avenue.' 7sxloo.
to S. O. Bodsrett; northwest line of Madrid
street, southwest of China avenue. 50x100. to
Cornelius Wolff; north line of U street, west
of Forty-aecond avenue. 50x100. to S. E. Hol
ton; west line of Twentieth avenue, north of
California jtreet, 50x120. to G. H. Schlmmel
pfennlg: south line of TV street, east of Fortieth
avenue. 25x100, to May I. TVyman; east line of
Eighteenth avenue, north of California street.
25x120, to Walter Faubel: south line of T
street, east of Thirty-sixth avenue. 175x100.
to T. H. Lyons; west line of Twenty-sixth
avenue, north of S street. 25x100, to P. H.
Lyons; south line of R street, west of "TVenty
nlnt'.i avenue. 25x100. to P. H. 'Lyons:'south
east corner of Clement street and Nineteenth
avenue. 45x100. to Georse . M. . Brewer: soutn.
line of O street, west of Forty-seventh ave
nue. 50x100. to Harry Levlngston.
FAIR WRITER
WINS A PRIZE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
i LONDON, Oct. 2S.— To a London woman
has fallen the prize of $500 offered a year
ago by T. Fisher Unwin, the Engli3h
publisher, for the hest "first novel" sub
mitted to him. The' lucky wrlteY. is Mrs.
Balllie-Saunders,' who is the wife of a
clergyman in the Marylebone district, and
the novel which won the competition,
and which is to see the light shortly, is
called "Saints in Society."
The object of this competition was to
discover unknown story-tellers, and only
those were eligible who never had had
a novel published. The result was a
deluge. Manuscripts poured in \u25a0 from the
four corners of the earth, completely
swamping Unwin's professional reader-
Inside of six months this long-suffering
individual read something like 30,000,000
words, .which, he , calculates, is equiva
lent to twelve and three-quarter miles
of typewritten pages, measured "length
wise. Of these manuscripts about five
per cent were- "publishabie." From the
names appended it would appear that the
sexes were fairly evenly balanced among
the competitors, but it is suspected that
many feminine contestants elected to use
masculine appellations, so the fair aspir
ants were probably in a majority.
In the winner. Mrs. Baillie-Saunders,
Fisher Unwin believes he has discovered
a new novelist of unusual promise. Be
fore her marriage she was a newspaper
woman, and although "Saints in Society"
is her first novel, a monograph of hers
on Dickens and a small volume on Mary
lebone celebrities have already been pub
lished.
"1 wrote 'Saints in Society* last winter
in about two months," she said, in taking
about the matter. "I was very busy with
other things at" the time, but I felt com
pelled to write that book. The charac
ters in it— by the way. they do -not exist
in real life— quite haunted me. They
seemed, as it were, to .be constantly at
my door. So mainly, I think, "in order to
get rid of them 1 wrote the book. They
have gone now, and |I miss them much,
as one misses a troublesome tooth that
has been extracted."
The principal characters in the prize
novel are Mark Hading and his wife.
The former begins life as a small printer
and a Christian socialist. He rtees-to
'wealth, power and title, and a flattering
'world robs hlrri of his former sincerity
of purpose. His wife, on the other hand,
grows in nobility of character as they
grow in riches. .The novel, in fact, illus
trates the contrasting Influences" . which
wealth exercises over different temp«ra-
Ttients. •
In his "There and Back." -the late Dr.
George Macdonald wrote this dedication:
"In the sure hope of everlasting brother
hood I offer this book to Ronald Mac
donald, my son and friend, my pupil, fel
low-student and fellow- workman."
The Ronald Macdonald here referred
to gives promise of continuing honorably
the traditions of his name. His novel,
"The Sword of the King." had a consider
able success in England and America,
and the play of the same name, drama
tized by the author from his own novel,
went well in Americar although it had
trouble here.' Just before his father's
death Ronald Macdonald a
novel to be called "The Seamaid," which
is to be i>ubli?hed on both sides of the
ocean in January. The author was for
a time a schoolmaster In . the .United
States and knows and loves the country
;well. He has-been much interested in the
dramatic possibilities of Anna Katherlne
Green's "Millionaire Baby," and the re
sult may be a play based. on that story
of* mystery.-;
Jules /Verne's reputation as a prophet—
already greater than that of. any modern
writer— has been increased by the recent
happenings •in ' the Caucasus. Practically
everything that has - occurred in that
troubled- part of the Czar's domain -Is
anticipated in the pages of "Michael
Strogoff.*: Yet the probability of the in
cidents In exciting novel was severe
ly questioned^ by the French playwright
D'Ennerj* when '-Verne brought It to him
to be dramatized. "
"My friend," D'Ennery reported, "your
story is very interesting, "but I can do
nothing with It for , the theater. Its im
probabilities are such as the public, would
not accept.'.; l draw^ your attention to one
improbability i in; particular, .the burning
of , the. petroleum l reservoirs. . Do. you see
this ; river. -"of j fire,'- rolling its waves or
flame for miles? J I do not j 'deny .that it
would have been a fine spectacular effect.
But it is too Jmprobable." It is more
than Improbable.-: It; is': lmpossible.'*,.
vj '.'lmprobable." perhaps." Jules Verne re
plied, "but impossible? - No. In the coming
cantury we shall have to strike the .word
'Impossible", put of ?our. dictionaries, as
Napoleon * advised, and we shall gee* such
strange things that my* romance will read
like prophecies. 'iJgESSsaSgHSßOjK
.:;So.D'Ennery;save way. The piece was
constructed .' v oh : the '/author's lines, was
'enthusiastically 'received^ and ran for a
long-time at, the ChateletT ; \u25a0
ASTOR ALLOWED
SEVERAL VOTES
Former American Has Big
ger Voice in British Politics
Than He Had Over Here
HE MAKES USE OF ALL
His Large Building on the
Thames Counted as a Home
Despite Official Protest
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LONDOX. Oct. 28.— When WUliam
Waldorf Astor became a naturalized
Britfsh subject he lost his right to vota
In America, of course, but as compen
sation he gulned seveial votes in Enj
land. That Is because here tho exer
cise of th« suffrage Is made dependent
on property rtualiflcatlons. and a man
who possesses residences in different
parts of the country gets a vote for
each one of them, subject to compliance
with certain conditions. Astor ha..* -
proved himself a good British citizen
to the ertent. at least, of claiming all
the votes he is entitled to. He has re
cently successfully upheld his right to
vote on account of the Astor estate of
fice, the Beautiful castle of commerc.
which he has built on the Thames em
bankment.
Astor is a Conservative, the- party
which, above all others, stands for vest
ed interests and the sacred rights of
property. The Liberals favor the prin
ciple of one vote for each man. It was
a Liberal agent who sought to reduce
Aster's votes by depriving him of the
one which stood to the credit of his
estate office. He contended that It
would not be correctly described as one
of Astor's places of abode, since he had
ascertained by Inquiry that Aator never
slept there. Bat the Conservative agent
won a triumph for the great landlord
by producing a letter from his private
secretary, which: read: *"v^' »
"Mr.- Astor's place of 'abode la cor
rectly described In the overseer's list.
It is true that. Mr. Astor has a house
in Carlton" House Terrace, but except
for two or three nights in. the- year he
resides at. this otQce when he Is lv.
London." • \u25a0 • \u25a0
The building was designed by , th<»
architect of Trurd Cathedral', and It- la '
a model of grace, beauty and strength.'.
It is believed' to.be thestrongjest tioJM
ing in London after the Bank of Eng
land. In Its strong rooms are stored'
securities representing mniipns—^-juat
liov.- many millions only-Astqr himself —
knows. . ' .\ \u25a0 1
Internally ' : lt reflects the severe if
methodical .formality .which character- r
lzes the owner. * All the \v3lls are rkfii.
ly paneled with t>olis.hed oak. the hara
wood fioors glisten like those of a ball
room and the. s|ngle oaken bench for
waiting visitors Is as, stiff and unin
viting as a marble seat in a mausoleum. '
There are • no. curves anywhere^ — only
right angles. Behind a long, glittering
counter, topped by a wondrous iron
grille, are two clerks, who also .appear
to have been cerved out of oak an/i
who sit stiffly at marvelously " neat
oaken desks bearing huge volumes. Be
yond a. polished vestibule, 'severely un
adoijned/ is another; roomir. likewise
oaken and severely "plain, wnere siw
the Astor "solicitor, an exact man, -sur
rounded by neat documents recording
with phenomenal^ exactness', every
transaction' in wnich the Astor estate
has been involved. In the r.ooma be
yond are Mr. Astor's private ofHc*>i«.
and on the floor above. is a., severely
beautiful oaken hall, where Mr. Astor
occasionally Rites, chillingly " 'formal
banquets. The whole place is oppres •
sKjJy susse^tive of undeviating busi
ness exactitude and methodical rigidltv..
Mirth woulid seem as much out of place'
there as in a tomb.
E.VOI.XEKIUi FAVOH BUILDING
OF CA.VAL O.V THE LOCK vLx*
Advisorr Board to the Isthmian Com
mlwloD Sar» That Both Sugtscnttd
System* Are Favorable.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2S.— The board
of consulting engineers, advisory to the
Isthmian Canal Commission, will .re
port that both a sea level and lock
canal are feasible. Some of the mem
bers of the board will favor the tide
level system, but the majority will rec
ommend the construction of the dltoh
on the lock plan, because of the shorter
time within which 'it can be completed.
NEWS OP THE OCEAX.
.Matters of Interest to 'Inrincr 1 * and
Shipping Merchants.
The French shjjv Vauban -is chartered for
wheat from Portland to Europe at 3 cd. and
the schooner Jennie Wand I'or lumber from
Gray* Harbur tv La I'h:; at 'in.
Exports by the Panama I. (tier.
The steamer City of Sydney sailed yesterday
for Ancon and way ports, with a gen-ral mer
chandise cargo, valued at $1^7.210. to be dis
tributed as follows: Kor Central America.
$».»4.17«: Mexico. $ l!n;.-.; Panama, **^D 7; Colom
bia, ?107U: New Yo:k, ?rK.».b"O<>: Feru. ?1?3;
Kngland, SCC?O; G»riE«ny. ?u>s:i; ypain, *4i»;
British Guiana. |241; Jamaica. ?0«. The fol
lowing: were ihe prtncipal exports:
'To Central America — JST.O beta flour. 528 ctl*
corn. 13ti.H0 lb» rice. VSM lt>s breaJ. S4au lbs
lard, 1737 lbs dried trmt. U4"<S lbs raisins. I*» 2
lbs 4 en millstuffs. •'\u25a0*»* lbs coJbsh. 8d cs
canned salmon. 211 cs assorted canned goods.
399 pkjTs potatoes. 27 pkgs onions. 139 phgs
fresh fruits, 43 pkg» Kvo-'t-rles and proTi3tons.
sl>l lbs beans. U391 lbs :; cs spices. 1170 lbs
bam and bacon. 502 tba cheese. 231 lbs tea. 20
pkgs paste, 17 cs table preparation. 2i».'» gals
32 cs wine. 70 gals -10 i-j whisky. 4t> cs b-^r,"
25 gals 4 cs brandy, 14 cs champagne. u4.£S>
ft lumber. SO bdN «hooks. 53.?8t:/lb» ta!l«™,
11>.023 lbs soap grrrase. 22.00*> lbs bluestone.
12.171 lbs scrta. 68 pkg* dry goo<ia. 13 bal«>»
leather. 44 bbla 27 cs oils. 32 rHgs paints, l«>
flasks quickrilver. 10 cs candles. 112 va coat
ell. 14 cs arm* and ammunition. 4> culls
barbed wire. ."•'" " lb« potasmum. 3 cs electri
cal soous. ;WTii lbs zinc. 22 pkgs pipe-. 35 pcs
hardwood. 5.'1.900 lbs cement. 4o bdls -<hlns: i.-.
83 k«ss nails and sptkes. »»« sks coat 254 aks
coke. 4 pkgs plows. 10 cs 2 bbls turpentine. 6
bbls 25 •cs tar. 4 pksa machinery. 31 coils
ropo. 205 p<-s 16<» brlls Iron. .
To Mexico — 750 bdls shooka. 553 s*» coke. t3
kegs nails and spikea. 1 coll rope. 11 bdl»
paper. 32 bdls pip*. 12 bdls iron. 13 bdls «
sheets steel. «© pkR» ore crusher. 20 crts po
tatoes. 2 crts onions.
- To Panama — 155 bbls fiour, fttOS grals wine.
SO •ci canned salmon, s«> c« assorted canned
jroods. 6 crta potatoes, 200 lbs dried fruit. 72S
lbs lard. 5 pkgs srroceries and provisions, 2t.4«5
ft lumber. 25T> cs si.ap.
To Colombia — 155 bbls flour. 5733 lbs rice.
3000 lbs sugar. 14 crts potatoes and onlonsv
4i h» ii.<« K^rllc. S»"iO lbs dried fruit.
To New Y0rk— 65.833 gals wine, 410 gals
brandy. .500,432 lbs pis Jead. 19 ca drugs, ISS
bales junk. 4 ba3rs rattle hair.
To Peru — 4 cs dross.. !S bdls bamboo.
To England — 3<>.B(>O lbs hops.
To Germany — 27 cs oruKs.
To Spain — 13 pk?s plow* and parts. .
To British Guiana — 3-t es canned fruit. 20 c»
canned salmon:
To Jamaica — 2S cs canned salmon.
A Cargo for Hllo.
The bark Annie Johnson ; was cleared yester
day ! for Hllo with an assorted merchandise
cargo, valued at 553.572. and including ; the fol
lowing: 50 bbls flonr. 135 ctls -wheat. 5565
ct!» '\u25a0 barley. W ctls corn. 1275 bales hay.
64.365 lbs bran. 32.4 M! lbs mlddllnss. 65.000 lbs
rice. 11.500 lbs salt. 1537 lbs beans, SCO lbs
codfish. 7 crts potatoes and onions. 204 it>s
bread, 23 cs canned goods. ' 32 bbla salmon. 10
pkss groceries and provisions. 660 lbs coffea.
lll>o gala wine. 17 cs whisky. U12a.35a. 1bs fer
tilizer. 1 It '. cs> - boots and shoes, tt bxs spikev^i
41C»} lbs asphaltum. 53 pkga dry 'groods. 74 ca?^
wheels. B cs agricultural Implements. 15« >\u25a0•\u25a0
soap. -28 bxs candles 0<)O cs coal olt. 11 bd!»
paper. 2O^ bales, twlr.c. MO bbla lime, fen «k»
cement. 110 distillate. 3 bars Iron. 5825 lbs
tobacco. 3 pkgs machinery,; 2004 railroad tlea,
90 p'kss doors and windows, 30 nmlca, 4 bowwCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall-street Stocks rather lower on the day. Cotton declined.
Business still featureless on the local stock co-changes.
Silver a fraction lozver. Exchange rates about the same.
- \u25a0 •
Wheat -linn and slowly rising. Barley sharply higher and active;
„ Oats, Corn, Rye and Beans as before quoted.
Hay still' kept back, by fogs and lack of cars.
- Butter slightly lower. Cheese and Eggs stiii firm.
Mutton and Lamb coming in more freely again.
Wool, Hops and Hides as before stated.
Potatoes doing much better under a large shipping demand. ,
Onions higher. Most kinds of Vegetables firm<
Poultry in heavy supply and weak. Game rath-er scarce; higher.
Fresh Fruits in moderate supply and generally firm.
JLocal Bank Clearings gain $1,971,000 over last year.
Reduced exports of Salmon this year.
Bank Clearlnara.
Local Baak Ocaricgs for tha ireck. Just and
- *4> oomparsd with tha oorrespondlnc weak of
last y«ar. »how an increase of f1.871.077. tha
fcraoust being 533.916.002. against $31.64.5,015
tn 1904. Tha clearings for tha sazna waek in
180S w«ra $5Le4.9.f>74.
Shipments of Salmon. .
Tt« txacn* of salmon from, Eaa Francisco
by sac tn September wera as follows:
To — Cases. Pacfc&ces. Values.
ABStr*U* 15.9»8 K> $5«.«42
Kaw Zaaland 755 8.060
Eagland . "..' 2,000 8,000
Eouth Amer.oa &.830 19.414
Hawaiian IsUoda 6.19S 1007 51. 676
Other PmjC.Sc Isla&fls £27 66 3,247
British West Indies.. 1.176 4,778
<\u25a0r-.as.iU ports 6W 750 5.129
New York .31.160 4237 153,700
Michigan 128 1.000
2&t*sachnsetts STS S.OOO
Other destinations... 1.&26 6.800
•T«tajs 04.049 6640 $295.74S
In September. 1904. tha exports wera Ps.ttol
cases and 1653 p*ckkces, valued at $428,029.
la that tnosth England took. 65,636 cases,
liyjSi cases- and 465 packages went to Aus
tralia and 17,625 cases and 604 packages were
sent to Eartern States. Lejt month's ship
ments of packages to Eastern States consisted
of -2083 barrel* and 2654 half barrels. The
packages for the Orient Included 200 barrels
fcr.* 650 kits for Cfclna. •-.;'. ,;
Weekly Stock and Money Review.
Tbe weekly Wall-street review of E. P.
Hcuon A Co. says:
During the period when tha outflow of money
from thia center to tha West was greater than
two and three weeks ago speculative holdings
were heavily liquidated and money rate* ad
vanced . sharply to 6 per cent. .
Tha stock market became the center of bear
attacks and every endeavor was made to reach
vulnerable points in the eecurlty list by those
who' are always ready to unsettle values.
Eanklag Intereats tad sufficient funds in re
eerfe to meet this situation and protect the
market from theee attacks and prevent demor
c!iE£.tlon. This course was pursued until tha
tiie had turned the early part of last wetk.
ws«n- the heavy demands from the West for
c ?o? moving had practically ceased. Since
"this period the market baa made steady ad*
\ances .under the leadership of the industrial
list,* where heavy gains have been made, in
r..any Instances reflecting the enormous eipan
f -. In all indu£trial lines of trade and the
' brilliant outlook for tha future. Anthracite
coal stocks were equally a feature with tha
. (odustris.l list, the securities having made new
' Mgrh record*, not only en the increased earn
t*"-g .rower ehown every month by these prop
erties, but on a well-defined belief that devel
opments ol an important nature will be forth
• coming at a fa%-orable time, which will dem
onstrate the value of these securities. Events
"Iti the latter half of this week have proved
thfct in 'the rectnt "increased activity we hava
been In a distributing market and stocks
bought tar tise support ©f the list previously j
by banking interests have been partially :
liquidated or entirely so. *
i However. th!e does not apply to soma of
the Epccialties which closed at near their rec
ords of the week. Indication* point to 6llghtly
firtner money rates over the first of the month,
which, however, is technical. Foreign ex
change is creeping up to the export point and
If any jn'jney flurrrite are seen in Paris the
corci ns week it is only possible come gold may
be returned.
The Russian political situation has recently
caused a sharp demand for wheat from this
country and heavy engagements are now being
made. ' The foreign spinners' drawing on our
cotton «uppJie« will favor us In our trade bal
ance abro&d and it would not be surprising
t-s see gold ccming this way In the future.
lie.ice, ak grave as the internal disorders of
Itussla may -be. it can only affect the United
fctates favorabiy In the long run. The position
'*>t the American farmer was never so strong
\u25a0 b.s ic— 4ay. With his rnortg&ges paid off and
: •/>\u25a0 in the bank, he ie able to bold his crops
for full values. The cteel. ircn and coal In
' £uBtrtaic t-rx ewamped by the tonnage *h*
preat railway system* receive from the fanner,
. -.i .Ihese thoroughfares of commerce are
to their utmost, and In many instances
refusing freight, even though with the recent
-V-.<eavy :ncrease of equipment. The growth of
i raffle ar.G -wealth in this country i s far out
j-eacclng our present railway facilities and
the tremendous development of theee properties
*»ui-t occur to meet the situation.
Wfth the closing of the week we find the
\u25a0speculative public more or less apathetic and
\u25a0 . :. bouse business more or less nom
inal, bence we do not look for any material
decline in values, but good securities should
be bought on any further declines.
EASTERN MARKETS.
,\rw York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2S.— Oose: Money on
call — Nominal. No loans.
Tim* loans— Steady. Sixty days, 5 per ce*it:
T.!nety -days. 4*» percent; six «ionths, 4%©
4 « pfcr cent.
Prime mercantile pap»r — i~i^o per cent.
Sterling exchange— Firm. w.-ith actual busi
or-Ff In baDkers" bills at 51.57105i4.8715 for <3e
rnsandr n5and rfnd at $4-6;«0^'4.5350 for ilxty day bills.
Posted rates — {4 84% and $4 t7%^4 sS. — .
Commercial Ml*— s4 83%.
Bar silver — €2%c.
\u25a0 Mexican dollars— 4Sc.
<»overr.mont bonds, steaey; railroad bonds,
fcfavy.
New York SHock List.
cc E. tl. Hutton & Co., 409 California street.
Pan Francisco, members of the New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
c quotations of that Exchange:
fcalcs-j STOCKS. ; High] Low. l Bid. Ask.
.."iAdams Express..! J230 250
BOOAlll* Chalmers.. 19 18% j 18%; 18%
' 400: Do pfd 60 i 59% i 59 CO
X.SOO'Kmai CorP«r •- .&% el% «1% M?i
• Am Beet Sugar 22 25%
Do Pi* <-•-\u25a0• **° **
\u25a0*...t...Ani Can C 0... 10% U
c..f..;.|c ..f..;.| Do pfd 71 .1%
5 300 Am C*r & Fdry 40 33%; 29% 40
- 2-JO Do pfd 100% 88% 100% 101 %
' ,Wm Cotton Oil.. 31% 31% 31% 32
**.......l Vo pfd s** 100
.. Aro DI« Tel:... | 138 39
!• Am 'Biprew .--• 225 230
Ara Grass Twine .. .... &J4 8%
• An Hide & L.; C% «?»
j Do i-fd 31Vi 31 31 31%
300 Am Linseed ... IS 18 18 ISV*
. Do pfd - --• *O 4& V
«i.WAtn Locomotlve.l €7% C 5% C 5% ST^i
KOOi DO pfd .1115% 114%;114U 114%
:,»m;An Malt i «% 3 5%
800 DO pfd -I 251,4} 23 25^4 20
42.4 M Am Pmelt & R*f 133 -,.'132% 132% 133
• fiOW- l.'o pfd 123 J122 |lH«i 121%
6.W- Am Sugar i14;%:i40%j140% 14<>k
Do pfd ! 1S» 140
. 4fJO;Am St«-1 Fdriesl 12]4 12% 12% IS
300 Do %>'ie 4614 46 45% 48
"Am Ttl &r Tel..! 103 1104
1.100 Am Tcb p!d....102 IOIH 101>4U02
5,300 Am Woolen .... 41' i \u2666<>% *<>%\ *" %
» Do pfd IM |lO<%
4<X>;Anaconda 117% UB% 11«H!11«U
Ann 1 ArtK>r A.... 32 37.
! Do prd 1 75 80
70<J!Atlantic C Line. !lCl«4 101 (100% 161
....... A T &. Santa KB 57% £7% t>7*« fe7%
Vo pfd ) 103 104
4.6008a1t & 0hi0...- 112% 110% 111% 111%
SOC! Do rfd 07' i 37 | 96% 97
!Bay State Gas |3-16 U
M.30018 It T I 75% 74% 74% 74%
JBrooklyn U Gas 182 . I&0
'Brunswick D&I HJ* 15%
iEuttJ-nck Cr. ...! 52 60
i'^aaada Southern! .'.. 70% 71
9.ooo'car.a4ian Pacific !l6s>Ti!lC*«i 1 «S««. IC*%
2,4oo.Canton Co I 45 | 44% 44% 45
100! Do Pfd 104%]J04%|104% 104%
«.OOOiC &. O j oS'Aj 64% M 55", i
! " ! ! "i 'Do pfd' '.V.V.V.i'. '. '. I :'.'.'.'.'. J6 V
|C 4E I pfd.... 130 J» .
'C I & L pfd.'.-.j SO lw>
I.OOOIC & G W j 21% 21% 21«4 21%
Do pfd A. I { "5%j 7«
_..... Do pfd B 1.-.-. 38 3«U
7. IDo L*bs .....1.....!....- S7T4J6B
1.4&o;c A N W :]222U12ia5i121»%J218% '
4.600.C M&Ht P llTU^sllia il7*J (17UV3
i Do pfd I i.....|1e7 lisa
6.000JC R I & P Uiew)i 29; i 'Ji>-%\ -"J^
700j Do pfd I 72* 72-;« 72% i (3
i Do 4s 82 82H
iChlc Terminal i 1»%I IS
I Do Pfd 138 I 40
SOOiChlc Ln Tractn. 10^ loVil a V= 10b
Do ptd I 41 1 43
IOOiC CC& St L.. 99 09 i 9S^| 9^
i Do pfd jU7 121
,Cleve Lor & W I*2 »'\u25a0>
I Do pfd 1 1 1100
B.OOOICOIO Fuel & 1.. 449* 44} ii 44 14 44 %
I Do pfd 1 1 03 93
Col Hock C & I 15%1 lt»
1,000 Colo Southern ..) 27^1 'XVi '^'^\ -~'Vt
Do Ist pfd. ...1 I «1^! «SH
Do 2d pfd....i 42Mi 43^
800 Consolidated Gas. i 183 162>4 182 IS3
1.500,C0m froducte.. 13ia 13^ 13V* 13H
Do Pfd 1 53 f^Vi
1.6001 Del & Hud50n... (23514 233 U 233% 234
DL & W j 477 478
600|D & It G 3314 3314 32Ti 33
800 Do pfd S7 S7_ 8« 87
Dcs M i Ft D 16 21
Detroit Un Ry 81 S3
2CO Detroit Southern' 1014 10 »M> 11
Do pfd 42 43
(Diamond Match. 141Vs 142
B.IOOIDIs Securities.... 46% 45>i 45Vi 45%
Do Bonds 80 81
|Duluth SS& A. 15 18
I Do pfd 33»i 34
H.lOOjEria 47% 47 47 47^
800 Do Ist pfd 61 So»i 80^4 SO%
Do 2d pfd 71% 71»i
E &. T H 72& 75«4
Do pfd S5 90
Federal Steel 115 |121%
DO pfd »«%! 07
Ft W & D C 72Uj 75>4
-Gen Chemical 71 73
I Do pfd 100 107
1.700.Gen Electric il&3*i ISS ISS IS6
900! Great North pfd. 1316 \i 315 316 317
jGreene Con Copl'. 28% 26%
jGreene Gold ....' 4% 5
iHavana Tob Co.! 28 32
Do pfd ... ] 38 42
Hocking Valley 00% 92
Do pfd 82^ 94
400|IU Central 177% 177»i|177^. 17S
llnterboro j2ll 212
jlnternatl Marine; 13H 13%
I Do pfd- 3tf S6V4
40t»;internatl Paper. 21%' 21»4 21% 21»i
700J Do pfd 80H 80 80 81
4oO,lnternatl Power. 63' 52 50 52
SOO'lnternatl Pump. 53 52 52^4 53
I Do pfd 81 85
200 lowa Central ...[ 28% 27?4 27% 23
I Do pfd 1 571^ 58
jKnawha & M | |35 38
IK C F S&M pfd 85% 88
200 X C Southern.. 27 27 264 27
1,100 Do pfd 57% 57 57% '67%
Keokuk fc Dcs M 14 17
........ Laclede Gas pfd. 95 110
Lake Erie & W. 34 37
..IL E & XV pfd. «5 87
-Lehigh Valley \u25a0 S2 62»i
(Long Island I | 67 SO
5,300iL & N 150% 149% 150 . 150%
tMaokay 1 45% M\i
I Do prefd . ...; 73 73%
.Manhattan j.... 1G5% 167
S.SOO Metrop Securities 77% 76% 77 77%
13,«KK>'Met St Ry...:.. 121 V* U&H 119 119%
iCOMexlcan Central. 24 23% 23% 24
.:}lllnn &St L ...... SO 81
Do Ist prefd \u0084 102 105
;M SP& S S M 135 136
Do prefd * 163% 164
1,000 M X & Texas.. 31% 31 31% 31%
700 1 Do prefd 67% 67 67% 67%
3.sOo!Mlssourl Pacific. 103 .(102% 102% 102%
i .... (Nash Chat &S L 14« . 150
1.600 National Lead .. 45% 46% 47 48
! ! Do prefd 10G 107
; IN R R of M pfd 36% 38
iNat Biscuit 55% 56
[ Do prefd 115 115%
IN J Central 228% 229
N V Air- Brake 155% ICO
1.500.N V Central .. 150% 145% 149% 150
N V C & £t L. M% G4%
Do let prefd 115 120
Do 2« prefd 85% 86
IN V Dock 25 27
|N V N H & H 204% 205%
3.600N V Ont & W..! 54 53% 53% 64
12,600; Norfolk & West. 56% 85% 65% S8
Do prefd 91 93
lOOjNorth American. 97 97 90% 97
INorthern Sec IS3 187
21.100' Northern Pacific. 200 204% 204% 203
Omaha 188 192
Do prefd 190 200
O S L 4s |..... ..... 97% 97%
Pacific Coast 102 , 105
Do Ist prefd 103 108
Do 2d prefd. 108 108
1.7C0 Pacific Mall .... 48 47 47% 47%
33,5C0;Penn R R Co.. 144% 143% 144»j|144Va
400 ! People's Gas ... 103% 103% lM%hftt%
P C C & St L 85 89
Do prefd 106 112
C.ttX)' Pressed Steel Car 50% 47% 4«% 49
aoo| Do prefd 101% 100% 100% 101 -
.Pullman Car Co 248 1250
S00 l Ry Steel S Co. 45% 45 45 1 45%
I Do prefd 105 |I05V»
46,500 Reading 125% 124 124% 124%
800 Do Ist pr*>fd .. 92% 91% 91% 92%
... Do 2d prefd »6 98
2.5C0 Republic S & I. 25% 25 25% 25« i
I,loo' Do prefd 95 94% 94% 95
LSOOißubber Goods'.. 38% 3SV4 37% 38
J Do prefd 104 106
700 SSS & I Co.. 70% 70 69% 70
....... Et'J &G I 20 22
Do Ist prefd ............ «2 65%
. Do 2d pfd 30 I 30%
'.'.'..... St LfcSF let Pfd 89 89%
1,700 \u25a0- Do 2d prd 60% 65% <M 60%
£0O;St L& S W 24 24 22% 23
300 Do pfd 69 68 5S M%
30.000 Southern Pacific. 70% 68% 69 09%
Do pfd H» 110^
11,600 Southern Ry ... 35% 35% 85% 35%
200! Do pH ....... 98% -98% 98% »S%
IStandard Oil 070 675
3m!Btandard R& T 1% 1% .1% 1%
3,ooo'iTenn Ccal & Iron 56% 80 86% BC%
.......iTex Pac L T Co 45% 46%
eOOiTexas Pacific 33 ! i 33 83%| 34
Thirt Aye 123%|125
Tol Ry & Tr Co 33% 3t
..Tol St L & XV \u25a0• «<%( 35%
Do pM r.7%j 68%
lOOTwln City R-T. 116 116 115% 116
400iUnlon B & P... 14 13% 13 14
300! Do pfd 80 |80 80 K2
Union Pacific i 131% 131%
Do pfd 06% I 96 -
U P Cony 4-8... 133% 134
United Copper I 33 j" 34
ROOUnlt Ras of S F 76% 76% t 76% j 77
200 i Do pfd 01% 81% 91%1 91%
I no Vi 88% 1 89
I.OOOIU S Cast 1P... tJB% 37% 38 38%
I Do pfd 95% M»%
i... U S Express j 122 120
*... U 8 Leather..'.. ...:..' 14% 14%
Do pfd 1 114 118
\u00841U S Realty A C| 57% S3
. 2CO ! U 8 Jl & R Col SO 20% 2ft 30
LOWM Do pfd j 7i% 70- «9% 70"
7CO!U S Rubber I 52% 32% 52% 63
;......! Do pfd \u25a0-\u25a0. mo 110%
84.000JU S Steel Cor..! .".7% 37 57«4 87%
18200! Do pfd |104% 104 104 |104%
200!Va-Car Chem Co] 32% 32% 32%| SS
.1 Do prd .. '.....!...... ....1107% 108
*" 20o!Wabash 21% 21% 214 21%
2001 Do pfd <0% 40% 40% i 40%
.1 Do «seb 8'5...|..' "5. | TT.%
1 .iWells-Fargo Ex. ..". .230 1235
" 2W>! Western Union..! f»2% 92% 1 82% 93
... IC9 168% 1«8 IG9
...7.V.! Do lrt PM •• .....IJO W5
......J Do lFt pfd 39 i« t
1 Do 2d pfd.... ..... ..... 24 | 25%
' ' ' 200I Wisconsin Cen . . 30% 30 30% 30%
900| Do pfd ....... 61% 61 I Co%| C2^
500,500 — Total nhare« sold.
- Nptt York Bonds. \u0084
U S-ref 2s reg..ion Japan 6€, 2d eer. CS \u25a0
Do coupon 103 Do 4%5. cert.. 90%
Do S« reg.....U3% Do 2d .series:. 91%
Do c0up0n.. ...10t% L & N unified 4s. 104%
' Do old 4s reg. 104% Man con gold 45.103%
Do coupon,. ...104%|Mex Central 4e.\. «1
Do new 4s reg.lS-'!^ Do Ist Inc 24%
Do c0up0n..... 134% Minn &St l> 45. -97 . .
Am«>Tob%. .:-\u25a0 80 M. X & Texas 4«.101%
Do ti ........11"% Do 2ds ........ SS%
Atch gen 4»..... 102 % NR of Mcx con. 4s S4
THE SAN FRANCISCO » CALL, SUNDAY,, OCTOBER- 29,. 1905.
Do adj 4s 99 NY C g«n 3%5.. 99%
Atlantic C L 45.101? i N J C g«n 5s 134%
Bait & Ohio 45.103 V, Nor -Pacific 4a. ..104%
Do 3%s 95% Do 3s ........ 7S
BrooklynßT c 4s. 94% Nor & W con 45.101%
Central of Ga 5?.116% O S L refdg 45... 97%
Do Ist inc.... 96 P a cony ,3%8..V.1C5Vi
Do 2d mc 82- Reading gen 4s. ..IC2Vj
Do 3d 1nc.... 70 S L & I M con 55.116
Chea & Ohio 4%5.105U S L & S F fg 4s. SB"i
Chi & Alton 3%5. Sl^, St L S TV con 4s. 83%
C. B & Q new 45.102% Seaboarifl A L'4s. 89%
C. RI & Pac 4s. 82 So Paclllc 4s .... 95
Dp col 5s 02 Do Ist 4s, cert. 97M,
C.C.C & SLgn 4s. 103-% So Railway 55... 128%
Colo Ind 5e sr A 75^ Tex & Pao lsts..l2s>A
Do ss, ser B-. 72% Tol.St 3^ & W 4«. 84%
Colo Midland 4s. 75 Union Pacific 45.1C5
Colo & So 45... 04 Do cony 45..... 13:1%
Cuba 5s 105% U 3 Steel 2d ss. 98%
Den & Rio G 45.102 Wabas'j lsts . 119,
Diet SecuritUa 5s 81 Do fl«ib B ..... 74
Erie prior lien 4s. 102 Western Md 45.. 87%
Do gen 4s .... 94 W & L.Erie 45.. OOV'i
Hock Val 4%5...111i4 Wls Central 45.. 96%
Japan 6s ....... 90^
- ZVcn- York Minlns Stocks.
Adams Con .».. 25| Little Chief, .... 08
'Alh- .-. 58 Ontario ...:.140
Breece 50 Ophir 5 75
Bruns Con .:... 42 Phoenix ......... 01
Com .Tuflnel .... OS%-Pctosl ........... 13
Con Va Mm Co. 170 Savag* ?..,. 48
Horn Silver ..... 1 70! Stand:trd ...../.. 1 75
Iron Silver ..:.. 3 25| Sierra Nevada.... 30
Leadvllle Con ... 05|
- Dontou Stocks anil Bonds..
Money— - |U S Steel pfd...104
Call loans 5@3%i Westing Common. 84
Time loans .....5ig5% Mmmg —
Bonds — .-*,'\u25a0' Adventure ;•.....• 8
Atchlson 4s 102& Allouez ...... . 42%
Do ad]' 4s fJS Amal Copper .... Sl%
M«x Central 4s. 80 Anwr Zinc .. 9
Railroads^; ;V> Atlantic ......... 26%
Atchlson S7»li|Bingham 30%
Do pfd ...103U Calumet &; Hecla.6Bs
Boston & Albany.2s7 Centennial 31
Boston & Main».l7r. | Copper Range .... .72%
Boston Elev r^.ls;^«. Daly West ...... 13%
Fltchburg pfd... 142 Dom Coal ....... 76
Mcx Centra! "23% Franklin 17%
N> V, NII & H. 201 Granby . . .• H-
Union Pacific ...131% Isle Royaie 26
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining ... 11
Amer Arge Chcm 25- Michigan \u25a0 :....'... "UVk
Do pfd 'Si Mohawk 58
Axner Pneu Tube 6% Mont Coal & Coke 3%
Amer Sugar 140^ I Old Dominion ... 30%
Do prd 139%iOsceola . .' ..111%
Amcr Tel &. Tel. 137% 1 Parrot ....'. 2C%
Amer Woolen ;.. 40^4'Qulncy 105
Do pfd 104 Shannon 7T4
: Dom Iron & S.. 20% Tamarack 12.1
; Ed Elect 11ium. 249 Trinity .......... 8% ,
Gen Electric ....184 United Copper ... 33
Mass Electric ... 13 U S Mining 35
Do pfd 50 U S Oil >..~ S%
Macs Gas 41>% Utah 46
United Fruit ...10t!% Victoria/. .... C%
Un Shoe Mach... 73%|Wlnona lO^i
Do pfd ... 3Uil\Volveri-i« .' 126
U S Steel 37 [North Butte 50%
London Closlnc Stocks.
Cons for money. . 88% N V Central 154%
Do for acct.. 88% Nor & Western.. 88 M
Anaconda C ! Do ifd ....... 95
Atchlson 90M,iOnt & Western.. 55%
! Do pfd 106% (Pennsylvania .... 74
I Bait & Ohio .105 Rand .nines ..... 7%
Can Pacific 174 Reading 6414
Ches & Ohio 57 ', Do :.st pfd 4S
Chi Great West. 22 . Do 2d pfd 4S
Chi, Mil & St P. 154% So Railway 38Ti
De Beers :. 17S Do pfd ........101%
Den & Rio G... 34 S-» Pj.clflc 71T<»
Do pM 8914 U'nlon Pacific ...136%
Erie 49 Do pfd ........ 98%
Do Ist pfd 82% U S Steel . ... 35%
Do 2d pfd . 73 Do pfd ........ 107V4
111 Central IS3& Wabtish 22
Louis & Na5h... 154% Do pfd 42
M. X & Texas... 32% ' ',
Bar ellver — Quiet: 2»%d per ounce.* ;
Money — 3@3% per cent.
' The rate of discount ,in tha open market
for short bills Is 4 per cant and for three
months* bills ' 4 per cent.
Clearlnsr-Hous*! Banks.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2S.— The statement of the
averages of the Clearing-house banks of this
city this week follows: x»ans $1,041,810,400,
increase $15,129,300; deposits $1,042,092,300, in
crease $15,232.9C0; circulation $54,£90,100, in
crease $20<J,GOO; legal tenders $76.994,500. In
crease $1,508,100; specie $100,059,200, increase
$2,837,000; reserve $272,93 4,000, increase $4,
408,000; reser\e required $2t>0,523,075, increase
$152,225; ex.Unlted States deposits- $14,561,400,
decrease $142,650. • . •-. - \u25a0
New York Grain and Produce.*
NEW. YORK, Oct. 28.— FLOUR— Receipts
27,700 barrels; exports, 31,500 barrels; market
firm, but quiet; Minnesota patents. $4 60@5 10,
Minnesota bakers. . $3 t;5'S-t; winter patents
$4 25©4 «5; winter straithta, $4Q v t 10; \u25a0 wlntei
extras, $2 Ss®3 35; winter low grades $2 75
©3 30. % .
WHEAT— -Receipts, 105,000 bushels; exports,
27,800 busheU; spot, stronger; No. 2 red, t«l*ic
elevator and &S%c t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Norm
ern Duluth. .$1 OOTi f. o. b. afloat; . No. 1
Northern Manitoba. 99Uc f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions opening stronger on continued bullish
Russian news, reported Argentine damage and
covering, wheat dropped for a tima unaei
realizing, but toward noon advanced decidedly
on heavy buying of December by. local traders
and closed- T4®l%c net higher. December.
iHi%Q97%c closed at !)7%c; May, 95 1-ie©
65»ic. closed at 95% c.
HOPS — Steady; State, common to choice,
1905 crop. 17e22c; l'JOt crop. 16020 c; olds,
S01Oc; Pacific Coast 1005 crop 12310 c; 1904
crop. I2@isc: olds, SSlOc.
HlDES— Steady; Galveston, 20 to 25 pounds,
20c; California, 21 to 25 pounds. 19% c; Texas
dry, 24 to 30 pounds, ' 18c.
WOOL — Steady; domestic fleece, SsiS3Bc.
PETROLEUM— Steady : refined New York,
7.70 c; Philadelphia and Baltimore. 7.05 c; Phil
adelphia and Baltimore, in bulk. 4.75 c.
COFFEE — Soot Rio. quiet; No. 7 Invoice,
B%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 10@13c. Futures
showed a generally steady tone and closed dull,
net unchanged to 5 points higher; total sale*
were reported of 14,250 bags, including No
vember. 6.60@6.C5c: December, C.7Oc; March,
6.95 c; May, 7.15 c: September. 7.45@7.50c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair rennlmr, 2%c,
centrifugal, 9ti test. 3%c; molasses sugar. 2%c.
Refined quiet; No. 6, 4.10 c; No. 7, 4.05 c: No.
8 3.95 c; No. 9. 3.90 c; No. 10. 3.85 c: No. 11.
3*.75 c; No. 12. 3.70 c; No. 13. 8. 65 c; No. 14,
3.55 c; • confectioners' A. 4.55 c; mold A, 4.55 c;
cut loaf. 5.40 c; crushed, 5.40 c: powdered, 4.80 c;
granulated, 4.70 c: cubes, 4.75 c.
BUTTER— -Unchanged.
EGGS — Unchanged. v
CHEESE — Firm; State full cream and small
and large, colored and white, October. 12%
«ri2%e.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet, but firmly held, with January delivery
of . prime quoted at BVie. The spot.: situation
is. unchanged, with common to good quoted at.
S^(JV-c: nearly prime. 7%@Bc; prime, B%c.
PRUNES*— Are attractlns a little more in
terest, but . quotations remain unchanged at
4%@7c, according to grade.
APRlCOTS— Continue firm. Choice are
quoted at B%©9c; extra' choice, 9}i@9*;c;
fancy. lOoll%c. .....
PEACHES — Are more or loss nominal, with
extra choice quoted at 10c and fancy at 10%
©lie. •'. ' \u25a0 . .
R*ISINS — It Is rerwted that the tentative
offerings of seeded raisins under the opening
prices have been withdrawn and the general
situation accordingly looks steadier. Loose
Mueca'tels are quoted at 5?4@7%c; seeded rais
ins; s}i6&sic: London layers, $1 2001 25.
New York Cotton Mnrket.
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— COTTON— Futures
opened easy; October, 10.21 c bid; November,
10.27 c; December, 10.44 c: January. 10.53 c;
February. 10.60 c bid: March, 10.72 c; May,
10.81 c; July, 10.88 c offered; August. 10.70 c of
fered. \u25a0 -
- PUTURES— Closed barely steady; October,
10.25 c; November, 10.26 c; December, • 10.38 c;
January. 10.43 c; February, 10.58 c; March;
10.60 c; April, 10.72e; May, 10.76 c; June,
10.70 c; July. lO.SOc; August, 10.60 c.
SPOT — Cloned quiet; middling . uplands,
10.65 c; . middling gulf, 10.40 c. • Sales none.
•The market . was only merely active,' with
business email and prices gradually yielding,
In spite of very bullish sentiment. The open
ing, was better ihan due on cables, and an at
tempt was made to, ' rush* up prices on f pars
of, a cold wave over^Sunday and the report
that A. J. Buston of Liverpool would Issue a
crop estimate on Monday placing the yield
at 9,500.000 bales. . \u25a0 \u25a0 . . .
There were too many buyers yesterday, how
ever, who wished to realize, " and ; these offer
ings operated- against prices. The tone was
nervous on' the foreign political.o utlook and
the strike at Fall River.- The latter interests
expected to have a- meeting •on \u25a0 Monday, but
frcm a business standpoint - the mills believe
the strike will be avoided. Liverpool; cables
explain their weakness by offerings of spot
cotton from the. South. '
: Spots are strongly held in the Southland no
doubt will continue so for some. time to come,
but it looks like a traders' - market; : •
New York Metnl Market.'
.NEW- YORK. Oct." 28.— N0 - fresh feature de
.velooed in th« ; metal markets to-day, which
were, steady. -. \u25a0 ' \u25a0 '. . "'-, ... \u25a0. \u25a0
Spot tin is quoted 'at $32 40<3>32 60. : > •: 1-
Lake copper \u25a0Is held at $16 37%@16 60; elec
trolytic at $16 25@16 62%. - and casting " at
$10^16 37%. . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 , .. \u25a0 \u25a0 ; - '• -: ; -. .
Lead Is quiet but firm at $5 20®5 40 for
spot •uppUes, and spelter Is quiet and firm at
$tj25®6&5. ."' ;•-" ' '\u25a0'. :
! Export h and Imports. , .
NEW, YORK. Oct. . 28.— Total .. lmDorts *of
merchandise Bnd dry goods at the port of New
York- for, the week ending to-day twere :SIO.-
I.L , I 111 Jl liMMtfUl till!— yWW :•..\u25a0•*•."\u25a0
-- Total- Imports of specie, at the* port; of New
York for th«yweek .ending to-day were $72,251
In silver and :f152.C23 In gold. - ; . ,^ i -\u25a0- ;.---
Total exports of specie from the port, of New
York for the -week, ending -to-day were.
in silver and $05,500 gold.
- r Condition' of the Treasury. r
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances ' in the general
fund."! exclusive of the $150.000,000 'gold reserve;
in the division of redemption*- 6hows : -_" \u25a0 :
Available cash balance.- $131,376,835; gold,
coin and bullion, $75,425,560; gold certificates.
$44,3'J9,5£0.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and ; Provisions.
CHICAGO, Oct. 2S.— Strength was manifest
ed in the wheat market throughout the entire
session. At the : opening the May option was
up J A@%c to y>®%c at ai%c Jto »l%c. De
cember was up Me to %c at SOVic to 89% c.
Continuance ot disturbances in Russia formed
almost the only tactor that . had any impor
tant bearing on -the market situation. : Reports
regarding conditions In tha Czar's domain were
conflicting, but the Impression prevailed gen
erally that the worst was j-et to come. v< During
the last half hour bull sentiment was partly
held In check by an estimate from a British
statistician regarding world's shipments for
the w£ek. The estimate placed the total ship
ments at over 12,500,000 bushels. This total,
if confirmed, would seem ro indicate, In • spite
or disorders <in Russia, shipments from the
country, were still in progress. Another fact
that gave some encouragement to bears was
the clear weather In the Northwest. Mean
time prices receded a trifle. May selling off to
91c and September to 89% c. Later the mar
ket received fresh buying Impetus through a
cablegram from. London claiming that the
Odessa Bourse, \u25a0 owing to the strike situation,
had declared an emergency cancellation -of all
gram contracts. Influenced by this Informa
tion shorts covered freely, forcing the price of
the May option up to 92% c and December to
JKfftc. Realizing sales caused some reaction,
but the market closed strong, with May %@%c
up at.9l?4c. December closed' IVic higher at
OOVic >
The feature of trading In the corn market
was heavy purchases of the May option by a
leading bull. The market closed nrm, with
December *jc higher at 45% c. May sold be
tween 45VaC and 40%@4« 1 / Ac and closed at
4GV4e. -
While trading In oats was less spirited than
of late, the market was strong throughout.
December closed up %c at 30% c.
Provisions were strong on an excellent de
mand and for cash lard. January pork closed
10c higher. Lard was up G@7^c and ribs" weve
s^7'^c higher. . . /
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—2 — - . i
D -member 89^ 00 !s 89 & 9( Hi
May ........... 91% «2% 91 91%
Corn No " •
October ..'.\u25a0T.... r»2 62 51 V4 51%
Dec. (Old). 4tHi 40^. 46Vi 46W
Dec (new) 45% 4« 40% .45%
Hay 45"; i 4S^~ ' 45^ 40Vi
Ju?y tS ..^.!'.-.?iT.' 31% 31? i 31% 31%
October •\u25a0•• 30V4
December ...... 30U So>4 30i. g ' 30%
May 32?4 33 32% 3.".
(>cfobe SS r P0 . r . k> .. l :?r« b37%'b 37%'l 6 57% 16 87% 16 50
January 12 42% 12 45 12 40 ,12 45 .
Oc^ber P f/.??°. V^ T 12% 7 07% 7.10
November 7 03 7 10 7 05 7 10 -
January- C SO 0 93 G 80 6 85
Short#Rlbs, i>er 100 lbs — -v ' "":
OctolKT 7 25 7 25 7 2o i 2.i
January « 47% 6 52% 6 47% 6 52%
May C7O « 72% 670 . 6 72%
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28 —Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, steady; winter patents, $3 90
(54 20: straights, $3 «5@4; spring patents, $4®
4 20; straights. $.i«3 90; bakers. §2 2<J®3 20;
No. 2 spring wheat. S7%@ooc; No. 3. 78090 c;
No. 2 red, BS»i@SK>%c: No. 2 corn, 02Q&2&C:
No. 2 yellow, 54 %c; No. 2 oats, 30% c; No. 2
white, 31%@31%c; No. 3 white, 30<&31c; No.
2 rye 73c; good feeding barley, 39c; fair to
choice malting, 42@4Sc; No. 1 Northwestern.
08c; prime timothy seed. $3 20; mess pork, per
bbl, $l(J50: lard, per 100 lbs, $7 10; short-ribs
sides (loose). ?7 37V.@7 50; short clear sides
(boxed), *7 50117 62'^; whisky, basis of high
wines. ?1 30; clover, contract grade, $13 25.
Articles * Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24,400 \u25a0 51.000
Wheat, bushels 180,400 8,400
Corn, bushels » 88.300 354.100
Oats bushels 300.000 200,700
Rye. bushels 14 000 42.400
Barley, bushels .^..185.'100 16,700
Bultrr, Cheese nml Kkr«.
CHICAGO, Oct. 2S.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries, 17%@22c; dairies. 17@20c. Eggs,
firm at mark, cases Included, 19c: firsts, 21% c;
prime firsts, -23c; extras, 25c Cheese, strong,
12% c. >? ' :\u25a0 : -/a-V;:^
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Chlcaso.
CHICAGO O,ct. 28.— CATTLE— Receipts. 30,
000; etend/; li^eN^?.* $.5 40@U 25: cows. $1 25XT
4 40; heifers,- $2 lCtffi 75; calves, $5. 75@7 25;
good to prime steers, $5 15@<* 25; poor to me
dlum, $3 35®3 10; 6tockcrs and feeders, $2 25
@4 30.
HOGS — Receipts, 8000; Monday. 83,000; f *nar
ket s@loc higher; light. ?4 So^s 22%; mixed,
$4 80®5 30; hea\-y $4 4005 27%; rough, $4 40
04 C 5; pigs $4 50@5 05: Yorkers. $5 15@5 20.
SHEEP — Receipts. 2500; strong: native sheep,
$3 40©5 CO; hambs, $5 7587 70; Western lambs,
$5 75@7 60. - . y . . / .-'/>-.\u25a0
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY; Oct. . 28.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts 1000; market uncham/.-d; native steers
$4®G; native cows and heifers, $1 75^4 75,-
Etocker3 and feeders, $2 40^4 15; bulls, $2®
2 80; calves. $2 50<gG 50; Western steers, $2 75
@4 60; Western cows, $253 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 5000; strong; bulk of sales,
$4 »5@5 02%; heavy, $5@5 05; packers, $4 95@
5 05- pigs and light,* $4 Gs@s.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000; steady; muttons,
$4 50#0; lambs, $5 75®7 75; range wethers,
$4 60<g6;" fed ewes, $3 90@4 85.
OmnhD.
OMAHA Oct. 28. — CATTLE — Receipts,; 300,
market nominally unchanged; native steers
$3 80@5 SO; cows and heifers, $2 75@4 35;
Western steers, $3@4 75; canners, $1 50@2 35;
stockers.and feeders. $2 2"i<3>4 10; calves, $2 50
@5 75- bulls and stags. $1 60<SM 60. \u25a0
HOGS — Receipts,' 5500; market 5c hlKher;
heavy $4 80®4 U5; mixed, $4 90®4 95; light,
•54 90@5; pigs. $4 40!S>4 85; bulk of sales, $4 y&
if 4 95. i - '-'\u25a0--' ' ' •\u25a0-'"*: '\u25a0\u25a0' i
SHEEP— Receipts, none; market steady.
BIISCEIXANEOUS MARKETS.*
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL." ]
* Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening : "-l'£ V * 7 2 &
Closing '•• ' \u25a0*\u25a0* ' -V*
PARIS. •
Wh«at — Oct - Jan.-Apr.
Opening 23 15 23 95
Closing 23 W 23 U0
\u25a0 Flour—
Opening '.....:.-....•>. •••\u25a0•. 3» 50 3135
ClosinK ..... • »>* •*\u25a0> 31 4o
St. liOtils Wool Market.
-ST LOUIS, Oct. 28.— W001, steady. Me
dium' grades, combing and clothing, 2(VQ3Ic;
light fine, 21^260; heavy fine, 19^22c; tub
washed, 33®42c. \u25a0'.
Northern Business).
. SPOKANE. Oct. - 28.— Clearings, $476,028;
ba pp S ORTLAN 1 D. t> 'bct.' 28.— Clearings, $690,740;
ba BE f AT S tLE?' 55 O 4 ct.' 23.— Clearings. $1,144,056;
ba TA n cOMA! 3 Oc"-25.-Clearing 8 . $550,857; bal
ances, $24,028. \u25a0.-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0' . -- .» v
Northern Wheat Market.
... OREGON. . ' .
PORTLAND. Oct. 28. — Following higher
markets at Chicago and Liverpool prices on all
trades of wheat In the local market advanced
to-day from %c to * lc, with few offertno-s.
'Club 75@76c; bluestem, 77©70 c; valley, W®
75c:Ve<J.7lc. WAS fc INGTON /;
TACOMA. Oct: 28.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, 77% c; club. 7t%c; red. 70% c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Excbnnce and' Bullion. '
LOCAL. . • '.':.
Sterling Exchange, .sixty days.. — <3^ 53%
•Sterling Exchange, sight ;...... — @4 87-ii
Sterling Kxchange,. cables^...... — (g4 SB»i
N«w York Exchange, sight..... — @; 03-
New' York Exchan»e, telegraphic — '- @ 05-
Sliver, per 0unce.............:.. 62%©; —
Mexican Dollars, nominal ...... — @ 47%
' 'INTERNATIONAL. V
New. York on Paris {.'. ...... . . .:.'..... .^5.1614
New York on Mexico .202
Paris on London .....". ;.25.14^
Berlin" on London ;.20.46; .20.46
. Wheat ; nnd \u25a0 Other Grains.
: WHEAT— The week closed <on very stiff
marketa, both here \ and in the East. Chicago
advanced under heavy sales of Flour, and \u25a0in
thi3 market futures i rose in v sympathy with
Chicago The cash grain .was, also firm, I'wlth
an advance In California Club.
. , ; C ASH >' WHEAT.
California $1 45@1 50; California
White Australian; $1 52%©l CiVs: lower grade*
of California ' Wheat. $1 17%@l a2 M ;\u25a0 Northern
Club, epot. *1 42%@1 45; -Northern Bluestem,
SI • 47 W@1 ' 30: •\u25a0 Northern •' Red, .-II 35@1 37%. •
. "\u25a0- >; FUTURES." '
Session 9 to 11:30 r. tn. -
\u25a0 - Open. -High. Low. Close'
December ...?1 « J4- $1 43% ,»l «ii $1 43%
May......... \4s\i . 1 4SVi I.4SU- Ul 45%
• BARLEY— Yesterday . was ? a sensational : day
In this -grain."'.'- The 'ca«h grain advanced .with
out \u25a0 any ; difficulty -to $1 22 % \u25a0 and futures ' rose
from" ?1 18 ' to ! $1* 21 : ; for * Decembet, . ; ay cent " at
!& time.:/ There was a. large and lively: business
In May.' "The \u25a0 rise in ; the cash ? grain -is due to
the" light" spot! stocks: and very .-\u25a0 moderate •" ar
rivals, \u25a0> and the 7 advance Xln futures : Is 1 sympa
thetic .with . the advance In '\u25a0 the ? spot i grain.
There was a; sale of Brewing at 'sl 25. -
- ;\u25a0;•/: " \u25a0•- ," CASH -BARLEY. ' \u25a0 ." '
• Feed, \u25a0 $1' 154J1 ' 17^3;- for '. common \u25a0 and .$1 2C@
V :.c -. - - - - ' ' ' . \u25a0 ' - .
1 22% for good to choice; new Brewing, Jl 25;
Chevalier, fl • 20@l 35 per s ctl. .
FUTURES.
' Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
<- - .Openl\ -Hl«rh. " Low. •\u25a0 . Close.
December .l.sl 19% '$1 22 $1 19%. $1 21
May .....V.. 122 \u0084. 125 122 T24
• OATS — Seed descriptions \u25a0;•' continue .in de— '
mand and firm.; Feed lots sell fairly. -All
quotations remain unchanged. .•
\u25a0Red, $1 60®l 62% for choice eeed. $1 25®
132% for 'fair to good and* $1 15®1 22% for
common; Black, $1 50<@l 75 for good to choice
for seed and down to §1 25 fo» ordinary .feed;
White. $1 35@1 47%:. Grays, nominal.
, CORN — The • regular Inflow - from : the .West,
suspended for :so many weeks, seems \u25a0to hava
been fully resumed, and there are^now arrival^
almost every day. The market is quiet \u25a0 and
easy, but prices show no change. •
Western sucked, $140@l 42% for Yellow,
?1 32% for -White, and $1 35@1 40 for MlxeJ;
California large Yellow, nominal: •email round
do $1 60@l 65; WhltP. nominal;' - Egyptian,
Jl 40<g"l 50 for White and $I'3s@l' 40 " for
Urown.
RYE: — Quiet and featureless at $1 42%®
1 52% per ctl, ineide quotation for Eastern.
BUCKWHEAT— SI "o<tf2 25 per ctl. :
Flour and Farinaceous Goods. *
A great demand fcr - Flour throughout ' tha
West is reported from Chicago and Mlnne
"apclis. This market is fairly active and
steady.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 BC©
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70(g.5;
Oregon and Washington, $3 75®4 25 per bbl.
FARINACEOUS GOODS— Prices in packages
are as follows: Graham' Flour, $3 25 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour. $3 75; Rye Meal. $3 50; Rica
Flour,; $8; Corn Meal. $2 75; extra Cream do.
$3 75; Oat Meal, 54 60@4 75 : Oat Groats. $4 75;
Hominy, $3 75@4; Buckwheat^ Flour, $4 503
4 75- , Cracked -Wheat, $•! 75; Farina, $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbl».
$7@B; In sacks, *6 50«7 50; Pearl Barley. 48;
Split Peas, boxes. $5 SU; Green.Peas, $5 50 per
' ' Hay and Feedntnffs.
Rolled Barley. has. advanced sharply in sym
pathy ; with the raw grain. Bran and Shoi ts
are weak, but Middlings are steady. Of the
Hay market the circular of Scott & Magntr
says:
••Arrivals of Hay for the week just passed
have amounted to 1700 rona.
"When you take into consideration the fact
that a large part o? this amount consisted
of, Alfalfa. Hay and the poorer arrivals by
water it loaves a comparatively small amount
for this market to receive. of the nice varieties
of horse Hay. However, s;s both dealers and
consumers are. heavily stocked, the light ar
rivals have not had the effect on the market
that one might be led to expect. Every one
Is drawing on his stock on hand here in the
city. \u0084 , . .
• "The railroad company .still continues to
furnish very few cars for Hay shipment. It
is owing to this fact. alone that the market ie
In any way short. As soon as the shortage
of cars is relieved, heavy arrivals may be
expected.
"The better varieties of horse Hay are a
little firmer and dally offerings are taken more
readily and at little firmer figures. This situ
ation . does not appear to have any > decided
effect on purchases for future delivery. \u25a0
"Outside of an exceptional arrival of fancy
Whtat'Hiy, which commands above our quo
tations, the majority of offerings , of No. 1
Wheat and Wheat and Oat Hay sell at from
$13 50 to $14 50, while choice tame Oat Hay
sells at from $12 to $12 50 per ton! • '
"Arrivals of .Alfalfa have been light, as mos:
of the. Hay Is now out of the fields. The de
mand for Alfalfa Is fairly active, and the «.ti
tire market can be called,' on this article, a
little steadier, though no higher. .
- "Considerable Straw \u25a0 has \u25a0 been arriving and
the market has been well maintained, as stocks
have \ run low." •
BRAN— S2I622 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S27 50@29 per ton.
SHORTS— S2I©22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $26; Co
coanuf Cake at mill, ' $20 50; Jobbing,
fl- Cocoanut Meal at mill. $2« 50: jobbl...'.
$->l : Corn Meal, $30^30 50; Cracked Corn.
$3Q'uoig3l ; Mlxtd Feed. . $23@24; | Horse
Beans. $30@40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed.'OJc
per ctl; Calfalfa Meal, carload lots, $21; - Job
bing 9"- &t) per ton; Mealfalfa, $1S in car lot*
and $20 for smaller quantities.- : —
H*.Y — Wheat, $11 «0©l(J 60; Wheat and Oai.
$11(315 50; Oat, $9®13 50: Barley and Oat. $sif
12- Barley, $8@11: Volunteer Wild Oat. $7@11:
stable. $6@B; stock, $s<gT; Alfalfa, ; $0 SO(QU 50
per ton.
STRAW— 30(g50c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The situation In Beans showe no charge
whatever. The receipts yesterday were 11.'J04
sacks, making 75,148 eacks for the week.
BEANS — Bayos, $3 sC<g3 75; Pea. $3 25@0 75:
Butter. $3 50: .small' White, $3<@3 10; lar?e
White, $2@2 'J5; Pink, $1 75®2;.Red, $3@3 7f.;
Lima, here, $.1 40@3 50; Red Kidneys. $3 50®
4; Blackeyes. $4 4004 50 per ctl; Horre
Beans. $1 75@1 S5.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50@l 75; Yellow,
Mustard. $3 50@:j .75; : Flaxseed, noiixlfftrlt ' Ca
nary, 6^«t6%c;'. Alfalfa, ; 12c^; Rape.^ 2^'Uc;
Timothy, SMicj'Henip.' 3%c per'lb; -Millet/. 2%
®3V4c- Broom Corn Seed. $20©21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Nllts, $1 75©2 10; - Green
Peas. $1 50®2. . ' »
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes closed \u25a0 the week with the market
In -much better shape- than for some -little
while back. Salinas Burbanks were closely
cleaned up and a few remaining- lots were
firmly held at stiff prices.- River goods had a
firmer tendency, there being a good Inquiry
from outside points.' The steamer Ventura,
sailing next Thursday, Is expected to take out
fully 10,000 sacks' for Australia and New
Zealand, and • there are a great many orders
coming 4n from Texas. - Colorado has been
supplying Texas until recently, but the first
crop in the former State has been gather?d
and the business Is coming this way. Loral
buyers : are said \u25a0to be purchasing heavily In
the river districts. Several carloads of Oregcn
Burbanks are rolling this way and are ex
pected to arrive early this week. Onlon3 were
firm, both here and In the country, and local
handlers advanced their prices.
• Aside from Tomatoes, whicn were in in
creased supply and easier, everything in' the
vegetable line ruled firm, notably Summer
Squash and Cucumbers, -which were, very
scarce and . readily commanded higher prices.
POTATOES — River Whites.' 4O@»;5o - per ctl;
Salinas Burbanks, $I©l 30 - per ctl: Sweet
Potatoes, Merced. $1 25@l 40- per ctl; river,
50©S5c per ctl. \u25a0
ONIONS— YeIIow, 00c@$l 10 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 5<??5%c per lb;
String and Wax Beans, s@7c per lb;
Lima Beans, 4@sc . per lb; Tomatoes,
50QS5c per b«x; Summer Squash, $1 SCS2
per box; Cucumbers, flftl 25 per box; Cab
bage. t!o@7oc per ctl: Carrots, GZIpTSc per sack;
Garlic. 5%®6c per lb; Egg Plant, 50ig75c per
box; -Green Peppers, : 4fl®osc per box; Cr.^n
Okra, Coc®sl per box; Marrowfat Squash, $7 50
@10 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $lo}*l2 50 per
ton. I : : :'y\:;-':. ''::'.'\u25a0''
Poultry and Game.
The . Poultry market was liberally supplied
and generally easy during the week Just ended.
Four carloads of : - Western were handled ard
the . receipts- of \u25a0, domestic stock . were heavy
throughout. Yesterday's arrivals \u25a0 from do
mestic points were 52 coops, an unusually larjie
amount for Saturday, and the market .. closed
very weak, with - a great many, coops of or
dinary Chickens 'etlll unsold. \u25a0.'\u25a0 There was an
urgent demand, for most kinds of Game and,
with stocks Inadequate, there was a general
advance In. prices. .\u25a0.-.- -.-"•, .
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lS@22c per lb;
Drossed Turkeys, i 22@26c per lb; Oeese,
per pair. $2; Goslings, $2 23@2 50;
DuckF.s3 00® I" per -dozen for old and $1 ,-y^p
6 50 for young:llens, $4^4 5O for smalt and
$6@7 for large: young Rooeters, $,I(gs 50; old
RoosteTß, $4 f>o@s:. Fryers. $4e4 50; Broilers,
$3 50@4; Pigeons. $1 25(81 50; Squabs. $2®2 '±5.
- GAME— Per dozen — Mallard Ducks. $4@6;
Canvasback, $4@6: Sprig,: $3®5: Gray Ducks,
$3; : Teal, $3 50;. Red Heads. $2 s<>: Widgeon.
$3- small Ducks, $2; Gray Geese. $:; 50: White
Geese, $1 2f>©2: Brant, $2for large and ?1 25
for small; Hare. $2 25; Cottontail Rabbits,
$2 50; Brush. Rabbits, $1 60. -..:\u25a0--
Mutter, Cheese '\u25a0; nnd - Ejsjxtt.
\u25a0. The .; Butter, market continued easy, yester
day, and the price .declined %c on the ex
change. . Trade • was -, slow, and. < while stocks
were by no means heavy, there was enough en
the market to 'go around.;. Prices for the me
dium and.lower grades - showrd no change wor
thy of note. Cheese and Eggs remained os
before stated; / Bids : for- fine ranch on the ex
change * received : little \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. attention, ' ; for . . the
reason that there are mo fancy ranch sln town
to'sell- to a .bidder, -'no matter what .he bids.
One \u25a0 house \u25a0 reported, ' however, that It -was of
fered a small. llot >of: fine, ranch off the ex
change- at. lc under 'the exchange quotation.
It being Saturday.' there was • practically
nothing doing on • the exchange. • though there
was a sale of . 10 boxes of California fresh
extra at 2S%c.
Recefpte were 13.900 lbs Butter, 2300 fts
Cheest and 371. cases Eggs.- . •
DAIRY EXCHANGE OFFICIAL QUOTA
-. . ' : TIONS: \u25a0-\u25a0--\u25a0.
- (NVite.— The '"- Exchange \u25a0 quotations represent
wholesale \u25a0 prices • as established by* sales. ' tUs
and offers on '. the • Exchange.'^Price* ; for Butter
and Eggs - on , the street are governed by the
F.xehange --quotations, •. but. generally -range
about- lc -higher.* owing to \u25a0 the miscellaneous
character of the business.)
BUTTER — Fresh — California extras, 23^c,
easy; ' flrstfi, . l!7c,'v: weak; : seconds. . 21@2D0.
steady * \u25a0 Eastern - extras — 24 *&?\u25a0 : '- flrtts. £{'/&&
Eastern Ladles— Extras.' 20c; flrstn, 19c. ' tStor
age goods — California , extras; IMt-Jc, neatly;
firsts^ 23c; Eastern firsts, ;23c. .: Ladles— Extras.
20c '*•\u25a0 firm: -firsts; 19 Me. -
very stiff
EGGS — Fresh — California (selected. 49c, .firm;
firsts;,'- 42 >4 c," r • weak ; :•?\u25a0 seconds.' ' 40c. : weak :
thirds. 25©27 c,"' weak; ; store, ,; nominal. - : , Eastern
Selected, . 27 VtC, '\u25a0\u25a0 firm ; firsts." 24c ; seconds, 20c.
Storage-^Callfornla selected.'! 2«Jiie : tlrsts. 21 %c;
seconds, 23^0. California store— Selected, * 2 Jc;
firsts -23c; Eastern selected, ;25c; firsts, ; 23©l'4c.
\u0084 . CHEESE— New! — California ..: fancy,- l.'i^c.
ilrm;* firsts.*, firm: ; seconds. \u25a0;.,. 11
firm "' Young ; Americas,*" fancy. ; 14c, ?ftrm; other
grades,' 12V4'5 ! 13^c. ? " Storage — California . fancy.
l"ii c - Eastern— Cheddars, «15Hc,v firm; fiats,
16c. "Western— Qheddars.; 5 14 c: .twins, 14% c
Deciduous nnd , Citrus ; Fruit's.
, With - tbe^nsual^ Saturday ' : activlty.;pfevail-
Ing. :. the market • for fresh fruits .was In . good
ebape and firm prices ruled for nearly : every
thing on the . list. Small packages of table
Grapes were In light receipt and firm, while
large boxes , were In good supply ' but steady.
The light arrivals of . small packages are due
to the fact that shipments- are. being diverted
to the East. -where the markets are very firm.
In;the Santa Cruz Mountain districts carload
lots are celling f . o. b."- for shipment East at
f 1 per crate for Tokays and Ss@9Oc for Muscat
and Black The season Is drawing to a close,
and If the demand for shipment East continues
there . will toon be an actual scarcity In tun
market. Stocks *of Nutmeg Melons and Can
taloupes" wer« limited and the best lots, were
held at stiff prices, but the demand was very
light. - The market "for fancy Apples was In
fair shape, wltfi fine Bellflowers selling at *1
per box. New town Pippins at $1 13 a*"" 1 ", n9
Spltzenbergs at $1 25. The other tree fruits
showed little change from previous prices. Ber
ets were In moderate receipt and steady for
fresh stock, but carried-over lots dragged.
Previous prices ruled for everything In the
Citrus line. | A straight cafload of Early Bloom
Navel Oranges arrived from Southern Cali
fornia and was held for Monday's market.
STRAWBERRIES — Per «-h«t— Lnngworths.
$6®S; large varieties, $485; Santa Clara Ber
ries. $6@S.
RASPBERRIES— Per chest. $SS"10.
HUCKLEBERRIES — 10c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $S@lO BO per
bbl epot and $12&12 50 to arrive; Oregon. $3 ?5
per box.
APPLES — Ssc©sl 25 per box for fancy and
4C©7sc for common to choice.
PEARS— Winter NelUs. \u25a0 $1 \u25a0 23#1 ' 50 per box;
other varieties, 75c@$l 25 per box. :
PLUMS — 75c@$l per box or crate. - .
POMEGRANATES— 7Sc6*I for email and
$1 25@2 50 for large boxes. . .... \u25a0';'\u2666-- :-- :
PEHSIMMOXS — 90c^$t 13 per box.
FIGS — 75c©$l per box. '
QUINCES— Ssc@sl per box.
MELONS— Cantaloupes. $l#2 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 75c@*l 50 per box; Water
melons. $I@2 per dozen.
GRAPES— SmaII packages— Muscat, 40@S5c:
Black, 30@75c; -Tokay. 40©83 c; Isabella. $1©
1-25: Cornichon. 75©90 c: Verdel, sC@7sc. Large
boxes— Black. 73c«151: Tokay. Coc©sl; Muscat.
$I®l 25; Cornichon. $I@l 25; Wine Grapes.
nominal. t
CITRUS AND TP.OPICAL FRUlTS—Or
anges Valencia*. %ZQh per box: Nav*ls Early
Bloom). J4JU 25: do. new crop. $2 KWgi; Lem
ons, $2@3 60; Grape Fruit. $3-85; Mexican
Limee, f4 per case: Eananas,.- Hawaiian. $1 50
@2 51) per bunch: Central American, J2&3 per
bunch; Pineapples, %'IQW per dozen. •\u25a0
Dried Fruit*. Tiuta, Raisins and Honey
Everything remains as last quoted. There
Is a moderate amount of shipping going , en.
mostly in the way of assorted cars.
FRUITS — Aorlcots. 7>i#loc for Royals and
SV<4fl2c for lloorparks; Ptaches, Sc fcr stand
ards S'/'C for choice. Vc for extra choice and
!>U«loc~for fancy; Pears. 7^©l2^c; Ntctar
ln'es" i"Vi®B^c icr white and 7}:»<37*4c for Red;
Plums "plttedr ts@7c for. Black, i 7@ - Jc for Red
and 7@oc tor Yellow:- Silver Prunes. 7@S%c;
1 Evaporated Apples. 7@S&c: sun-dried. — - per
lb- Figs, boxes, 30c for choice;. 55c for txm
choice and i:OOUSc for fancy; bulk white. 2%$
4c ptr lb: black. 2%®3c.
PP.UN'E? — New- crop Prunes, 3>4@4c basis
for the four sizes (80-IOC) and 4@4Uc basil
for the Urge and small sizes.
RAISINS — Loose. " 4-crown. 6%c per lb; 3
crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c. Seeded Raisins —
Fancy IB ounces, 7V4c: fancy, 12 ounces. S%c;
choice' 16 ounces, 7c; choice. 12 ounces, s«ic;
Imperial . Clusters. $.J p«r 20-lb box; Deheaas.
$j 50: fancy, $2: 3-crown London . Layer 3.
$1 50, 2-crown, 51 40; seedless standard loose
Muscatels. 3vic; same floated, «%c; seedless
! «ultanas, 40Uc; Thompsons. C'^c; bleached
' fancy. aglOV^c; bulk oholce. Sc; standard. 7?.
j — Almcnds: Nonpareils. 13%@14c; t X
L l"V-@loc; Ne Plus Ultra. 12@12Vjc; Drakes,
lli-c and Languedoc. 10%@llc; New Walnuts
No."- 1 softshell. 13c; No. 2. 9c : No. 1 hardshell,
l"U, c; No. ". S!^c: Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern;
p"e'c"ans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50@5; Chest
nuts. ICOI2HC per.lb.
HONEY — Comb, IO^^IUaC ,for white and
SiSlOc for amber: water white extracted. «©
OVic- white. 4»4@3^c; amber, 4@4^c; dark.
. .'Hawaiian, 2»4c for extracted.
BEESWAX— 27C2OC per lb.
Provisions.
There were no further changes yesterday.
Hams continued easy and Bacon in light sup
ply and firm. *
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12% c per. lb for
heavy 12%e for light medium. 13%@14c for
lleht. " ll&14'/4c for extra light and 16% c
for sugar-cured; dry Salt Sides. 10%@llc; Bel-
He* 12c; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12*i@13c;
California Hams. 12@12Uc: Mess Beef, $!) CO
ocr bbl; extra iless. $10: Family. $11; prime
Mess Pork. *14- extra clear. $10 50; Mess,
517 :.O: Pig Pork. $22; Pigs* Feet. $5; Smoked
tJeef He per lb.
L\RD — Tierces quoted at 6Uc per lb for
California Compound. 7®7.Uc for Eastern com
pound and 9%0 for pure; half barrels,/ pure.
y*;c: 10-lb tins. lOUc: 5-lb tins. 10?ic; 8-l»
1 "oTTOLENE — One half barrel, Sc; three
half barrels. 7Jic; one tierce. 7%c; two tierces,
7%ic; five tierces, 7%c per'lb. -
Hides. Tallow, .Wool .and Hops.
• Hides continue strong and In demand. Hops
are steady and selling -fairly. Wool Is quiet
for everything except the finest clips. Prices
for everything remain unchanged.
HIDES' AND SKINS — Culls and brands «ell
about y.@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 12% c; medium.' 12c: ' Hght. ll%c;
Cow Hides". ll%c for heavy and ll%c for
light- Stags, B%c: Salted Kip, 11 %c; Salted.
Veal 13c: Salted Calf. 13% c: dry Hides. 2«0
£lc- dry Kip, UCflSc; dry Calf. 22c; Sheepskins,
shearlings \u25a0 25ffit'0c each;' short VVool. 50@90C
each- medium." 00c@$l 25: long Wool, $1 25@2:
Horse Hides, salt. $3®3 25 for large and $2 75
for medium, $2 25 for small and 50c for Colts:
Horse Hides, dry. $2g2 25 for large and $1 75
for medium. $1 50 for small ami 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 31c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central -American. 27c. Goat
skins— Prime Angoras. 75c; extra large do.
$125: large. 50@ti0c; medium. 35©40 c; small.
TALLOW — No. I rendered. *4®4 Vic In barrels;
In cans and drums, "4c less; No. 2. 3@3Vic;
Grease, 2®2%c.
WOOL— Fell clip— Northern free. 15@17c.
do defective. 12@14c; Middle County, free. 159
17c- do defective. 12®14e; San Joaquln and
Sou'thtrn. 10@13c; San Joaquln Lambs'. 11©
16c- do. defective, 9@l2c per.lb.
HOPS— IOO4 crop. ll©13c; 1905 crop. ll©l3o
per lb. « ' - .
Meat .Market.
The only thing new is that Mutton and
Lantb'are reported coming In more freely.
Prices remain unchanged all around."
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: .
BEEF — 5Q5%c for Steers and 4@sc per lb
for Cows. .
VE\L — Large, &g6%c; email.' s%@Se per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. B%@9c; Ewes. 83'Jc
per lhj, • "
LAMB — 9@loc per lb. a ...-
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7©B%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered -in San Francisco. less ivif
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 3%e>l%c; Cows and Heif
ers, 4%@5c.
CALVES — 3%@4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Withers. 3%®i!%c; Ewes. 3jj3fic
per lb <gross weight).
LAMBS— 52 75@0 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 'l3o to 250 Ib 3. 5Sc;
over 250 lbs. 5%c: under 130 lbs. s^c;
Feeders, nominal; Sqwb,2o per. cent off;. Boars.
60 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent off from
above quotations..
General Merchandise.
BAGS— rGraln • " Bigi,' 714 c spot and 6c for
buyer June-July. 1906; Wool Bag?. 30@33c;
small lots, 31*?34c; Fleece Twjne, 7 %c.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $S: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant,- $8 50;
'Beaver Hill. $5 50; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50;
Richmond.; $S; Cumberland. $13 In bulk ani
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14 ''Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke. $11 50@13 per
ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
description*. $8 50 ; per short ton. .
OILS — Quotations are^ for barrels; -for cases
adU sc: Linseed. 54c per gallon for boiled and
V>c for raw; » Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1 10^i
ijakeie' AA, cases.: $Il4@l ltf; Lucol. 48c for
boiled and 4«c for raw; CWna Nut. cases. C3«J
7So per gallon; Cocoanut OH, In barrels, 33c
for Ceylon 'and t 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm 011.-ePc; natural wlnttr
Sperm Oil. «3e: extra bleached Winter Whalrt
OH' 65c: : natural Whale Oil. 60c; extra wint»r
strained ; Lard Oil. r ; 75c;, No. : 1 Lard OiL'GSc;
Pure Neatsfoot Oil,isc; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
57 ViiC; Herring Oil. 15c; Salmon Oil. 3tc: boiled
Fish Oil, 35c; raw Fish Oil. :!3c; Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE. ETC.-Water Whlta
Coal OH. In bulk, lie; Pearl Oil. In case*.
17Vic: Astral. 17 % c: Star. : 17% c; Extra Star.
•We- Elaine, 2tic; Eocene. 10% c; Stove Ga*o
flne in bulk. 15%c;1n cases. 22c; Motor Gaso
line, "in bulk. 13% c; In cases, 22c; No. 1 En
gln» Distillate. Iron barrels or drums. 8c; N-x
•• do !>%c; cases. C%c more;. Benzine, tn bulk.
l^iAc- cas«s. 19c;-SO-<legree Gasoline, in bulk.
: in cases. 31c ' . ,
"'TURPENTINE— 03c per gallon In cases and
sTi- in drums and Iron barrels. . -•;.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red L»ad. 7?i9
S\ic per In; White Lead. 7%©Si;c. accordinj
to quantity. • "--JV'" \u25a0"•\u25a0"- . \
-j SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnlnj Com
pany quoteu as follows, per lb, in 100-lb bag^:
i Cubes. A - Crushed . and \u25a0 Fine ' Crushed, 5.30 -
Powdered. 5.15 c: Candy Granulated. 5.13 c; Dry
Granulated fine, 3.03 c: Dry. Granulated, coarse.
&.05c; Fruit -. Granulated. 5.03 c; Beet Granu- 1
lated <100-Ib bags only) 4 &3c; Confectioner.'
' \ , a.C5c:: Magnolia A. 4.63 c; Extra- C. 4 Ssc
: Golden C 4.45 c :-, < D." 4.35 c: barrels. 10c morej
half barrels, • 25c more; boxes. 50c more* 50-ll»
bags. lOe more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels. 5.&3 c: boxes ' S.SOc; H. & E. CrysUl
Domini>».:S.osc per lb. No order taken for less
than seventy-five- barrels ~r Its equivalent.
ItecelptM of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. OCTOBER 29.
• Flour, firsts... 9. 12t Hops, bales ..J.. I.OSI
/Wheat, ctls ... "-1.T25J W001, -bales .... TS7
. Barley.;, ctls ... 0.701; Short*. sScs ..... tOO
Oats, ctls .'..... 2,otXh Leather, roll* .. 1<53
Corn, ctls -..:.-. 630 Hides, No '. . . 1.259
Tallow, ctls ... 'Z tf. Pelts, bdls . . . : .1 350
Sugar. ctls ...... t7s}Paper, bdls .:... 1.74*
Beansv sks . : . ; . B,e9 # jj Raisins. - hxs . . ;. . 300
Totatocs, sks .. 2, 779* Quicksilver - flsks 237
AUCTION SALES
fe fe
AUCTION SALE
OP
170 HORSES 170
By order of W. D. JAMISON of Southern
Oregon we will sell 170 head of allyuryow
mares and geldings, broken and. unbroken,
weishlns from 900 t0.1300 pounds and from
4 to 8 years old. \u25a0 /
We never fall to sell. Come and bur tfctm
at your own price.- -
SALS TAKES PLACE
THURSDAY; NOVEMBER 2,
AT. 11 A. M. AT
J. B. HORANS SALESYARD
At Cor. 10th and Bryant St*., S. F.
HORD A SMITH. Auctioneer*. 629 Clay »t.
5W
Just arrived and must be sold, a carload of
work and driving horses; also a lot of bujrxies.
surreys carts, wagons and peddling wagons,
single and double harness, TUESDAY. Oct. 31.
11 a. m.. 1140 Folsom st.
Onions, sks .... 430 Brandy, gals ... 4.230
Bran, sks 160 Wine, gala 54.300
Middlings. «ks.. 375 Lime, bbls »«t
Hay. tons 608 Broom Corn, bdl* 800
Straw, tons .... 42
WASHINGTON.
Wheat. «:• ...23.618[
WESTERN. ; .
Corn, earn 1.200f *
"stock market.
A Fair Saturday's Business aa AH the
Local Boards. -
For Saturday business was very gaod on tS»
Stock and Bond Exchanca. Transactions In
tor.ds were $61,000. .The cugar stocks war*
rather easy, with tha annoencament of an
assessment of $1 on Kllauea, delinquents No
vember 28. »
There was nothing new In tha mining \u25a0oares,
both Comstocks and Tonopaas b«ln# tttadr.
with tha usual voluma of boslneos.
Tha Alaska Packers' Association. bavin*
passed tha monthly dividends until further
notice, none was paid yesterday.
The output of tha Ophir mln» last weak
amounted to SO mmmg 1 carloads of ore. as
saying $97 88 per ton. and 209 cars, aaaaytny
$32 21 per ton.
The Red Uon Company, a corporation of »aa
Fraoclsco. has levied an assessment of $1 pa*
share, delinquent November 2S.
STOCK AND BONO EXCHANGE.
SATUHDAT. Oct. 2»— ia. to. '
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. t Bid. Ask.
4s <jr coup.. 101*; 1D5% 4a Qr cp nw.134 134^4
4s qr r*«;...1045i105%[38 <jr coup... — 104H
MISCELLANEOC3 BOND*.
Ala AW5s — — lOk T Coa Bs.llS —
Asao Oil ss. 81% — O W gtd Bs. — 98
Bay CPC sa.lOBVi Oceanic SOs — 85
Cal C G 63.106 ft — Om Cable &5.120H —
Cal G& E g Pao Olm4s 85 —
m & ct 53 90^ QOV, P E Ry 9s..im;il2ft
Cal-st C ss.lll^ll3Vi Pac LAP 5«.101H —
C C Wat 55.105* i — P& C H 65.103fc —
Ed LAP 5e.124Vi — PA O R 6s.HO —
FA C H 68.113 — Pow*U-«t 65. 11 l —
Geary-st Os. 25 45 Sac EGARS«. — 111
H C&S 5%5.104% — SF A SJVSs.II9 —
Do 6s 104^105 SF.O A3Jss.um —
Hon R T 65.1i0 — Sierra R 65.U2?» —
L A Elec ss. — — SPOf A 6a
LAG AEI 58—103 (1909) 107^103%
LA Ry 5«.117%113tf (1910) ....ICS% —
LAL ttd 53.103 — 3Pof C to
LAP lcmSs.lll*; — (1906) 102% —
LAP C 3». .107% — (1912) ....113 11314
Mkt-st C 6s.im;ll3%|SPC 1 eg 55,120% —
Do lcmss.HsU — IS PB R 69.134 —
MVA MtTss.lCs # — )S V Wat 65.102U —
NR of G 6a. — 10«% Do 4s 2dm.l00»il01 M
Do 6s 119 120 Do 4s Mm.lOO —
N P C R 5s.lO5»ilO«« Do g m(f4a 97% —
NC Ry 8>». — 111% Stkn GAEtts. — —
jl CP C si. — — UGAE 55.104*4105' A
O GLAH Bs.IOSH — UR of SF 4s Wft —
Ok TCo «s.i2lV> — Val Co P 55.103 —
Do 5a ....113% — Yos SI» 4%». 92?<i KM
WATER BTOCKS..
Contra Csta 46% 47? i» Port Costa... — «8
Marln C 0 . .» 64 — |S V Wat Co 40% 40»&
i GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LA P 3% — SFGA E. 83 3 —
Martel Fowr 2 — Do certfs.. &* —
Mutual' EL. 15% 16H Stkn G&E. — —
Pac L C 0... 71% —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fd.337% — I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl 8k.12S 132 IL P A A... 148
Anglo-Cal .. — 95%!Mer Trust... 23» —
Bank of Ca1. 423 — I Merch Ex... A3 —
Cal sale L»p.158 160 ' S F National — ISO .
First Natnl.33o 340 |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L.30C0 — ISav A L So.lOo —
Hum S 8k.20C0 — {Sec Say 8k.393 —
Mutual say. — — ( Union T C 0.2700 C3OO
S F iav U. 700 — |
STREET RAILBOADa
California ..220 — j Presidio .... — — .
Geary — *0 I
POWDER.
Giant Con.. 77% 77% f
SUGAR;
Hawaiian C. 82 — | Makawell C. 82 35
Honokaa SC 13»4 13-"Jit Onomea. S C. 32% 34
Hutch SP Cl 5 .—. — [Paauhau SC 21 —
_Kllauea SCI — I
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA. »*; 60% | Oceanic 3Co — - S
Cal FCA. — 90 Pac Aux FA. 3«i —
Cal Wine A — 84 Pac C 80rx.132% —
MV& MtTm.loo — PacS Tel Co.lo3^ilus
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
40 ' '-«ka Packers* Association... 60 00
100 Contra Costa Water "... 47 5O
5 Giant Powder Con 77 73
33 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar S3 CO
115 Honokaa S Co 13 Z»
200 Kllauea Suffar Plantation Co.. 2 o<>
25 Paauhaa S P Co 21 30
25 Paauhau S P Co 21 23
15 S F Gas & Electric S3 CO
ICO S F Ga9 A Electric (eertfs).. 33 o<>
200 Spring: Valley Water Co 40 25
$3.oC<> Cal Gas A El G M AC T 55. . 99 25
$•'5,000 Bay Counties Power Co 3s IOS BO
Stre«t —
S2 COO Cal Gas A HI G M AC T 55. . 99 23
$3,000 United R R of S F 4s S9 00
$26,CC0 L A-Pac R R Ist con 5s 112 CO
l*nll«ted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDB.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC fis.lOti — SF GAE4%«.102 —
B L Wat «3-U4 — SF ANP 5».112K —
Cal NW 5a.108%H1% S P C R 4s. 96% —
Condnurd .on Paso 44.
GOLD BONDS
For Sale!
Pacific Jupiter Steel Company
WORKS: South San Francisco
SAN MATEO CO.. CAL.
These Bonds are in denomi-
nation Of f 500.00 each, pay per
annum Six . Per Cent »t and
are secured by , first mortgage
on land, plant and all improve-
ments now in, and hereafter to
be made.
Interest Payable Quarterly,
at the ' offlce of the Union Tnirf
Company of San FrancUeo, San
Francisco, ; Cal.
A Premium of Five V*t Cent
will be Jsaid on the face' value
' of these Bonds, when redeemed.
/ tnlon Trust Company of San
Franc!*eo. Trustee.
- For further Information ap-
ply at the offlce of the
Pacific Jupiter Steel Company
- S4« CROSSLEY BUILDIXC.
\u25a0^^"^HBBsV^^S
; San Francisco, Cal. ;
' TRADERS, everybody everywhere in
the world .wanting to know just how they can
tell just when to buy stocKs on tha bottom
nnd sell out on the top. to catch the lonst and
short swings, both ways. -Send itamp for jar-
ticulars The wonder of the 20th century. T. O.
box 30 SO. Boston. Mass.. C. 3. A.
4748
CRUSADE SHOWS
GOOD RESULTS
Milk Supplied to City Is
Improved Since Health
Board Was Forced to Act
CHEMIST FILES KEPOKT
Only Complaint Gibbs Makes
Thus Far Is Lack of But
ter Fat in Two Instances
City Chemist Gibbs filed a report of his
aoialj s-is of fifty-four samples of milk yes
terday with the Health Eosxd. The pub
llcliy given to the practice of unprinci
pled dealers putting adulterant* in their
yniiu- has had some effect In providing 'a
purer milk supply at least for a time.
Out of the fifty-four samples chemically
\u25a0inalyzed oiJly one was below the stand
ard of 5.2 i>er cent of butter fat for this
season! This sample was taken from the
dairy <>f S. W. Payne of Sausalito. whose
milk Bhwed but o per cent of butter fat.
Pa>nt's milk will be barred from sale in
this caarket unless Jt shows ud better in
future-, analyses.
Xcn? of the samples showed the pres
ence of anj- formaldehyde, coal tar dye
or other roisonous substance. A sample
frcm the Guadaloux>e dair>'. owned by
D. O. Crook, and submitted by* Supervisor
Payot of 522 Ellis street, showed 3.2 per
cent of butter fau \u25a0which is Just the
limit nor.- allowed by law. A sample or
milk supp'ied by the Mountain View
Creamery to Klsa Brothers of 31 Duboce
•venue Also showed 3.2 per cent butter
*at. Health Officer Ragan ordered no
tices tetu io the two latter dairies notify
ing them to be careful not to let the but
er fat fall below the percentage named.
Bacteriologist Car.ney did not tile his re
port on the samples relative to disease
gerrr.s or pus. but will do so next week.
Of cottrfe it is expected that all samples
taken now wlil Dass the test in view of
the agitation against impure milk now
being carried on. When the vigilance of
the health offlcials relaxes it will be well
for consumers to watch their milk supply
«.Tid have samples analyzed by private
chemists or tbe chemist of the Health
Board.
Health Officer Regan yesterday issued
tJ*e following statement relative to the
power of the Health Board to order ar
rests for violations of the milk ordinance:
Th* health officials having b*en subjected
to *ome criticism In the dailr press with re
eari to th* errest of milk dealers, samples of
•whose product have been left at *he olflce by
the purchaser, instead of being taken by the
Inspector* !n the regular way. the Health
OTflcer. Pr. I). F. Ragan. consulted with the
District Attorney, his legal adriser. as to the
course that *houM b* pursued in eases of this
character. Dr. Ttag-an was advised, that the
only !e*a! method to pursue in making ar
re*tf= «v to conform etrictjy to the ordinance
covering these i-a.se?. which plainly states the
' rriMhol by whirh samples may be procured.
If the health authorities arrested and attempt
ed to prosecute any offender whose product
was found to be below standard or adulterated,
rh>- sample* being Wt at the office by In
dividuals then they, the heaJth offlcials. would
ley themselv* liable to suit for damages.
Mualc at the Park.
T'ne following: programme will be
Tendered by the Park Band this after
noon:
Part I — "Star-Spangled Banner," etc.;
march. "New England's Finest."
Vlarke; overture. "Jubel," Weber;
.°"V»r.«-;im Pictures," Lumbye; solo for
trombone. "Carltonian Polka" (Har
lon». Thomas Ingram; "Hungarian
'Fantasia," Tobanl.
\u25a0 ' Part -II — Overture, "Tannhauser,"
TVagrner; Russian mazurka. "La Czar
.inf." Gannc; (a) Mexican idyl, "Oriza
ba." Dewpy; (b) march. "On to Vic
tory." Hon. E. E. Schmitz; selection,
"It Happened in Nordland," Herbert;
' inarch. "Coast Defender" (by request),
Leon.M. Lang.
T Krenrh lloKpllal \uriet Graduate.
.The commencement exercises of the
class of '05, French Hospital Training
School for Nurses, took place in Gol-leu
Gate Hall. 667 Sutler street, last «yen»
lnR. Following are the graduates:
.Miss Bertlia Mac KahL Jamestown.
Cal.: Miss Eleanor Genevieve N'olan,
Antioch, Cal.; Miss Mary Wilhelmlna
Heaney, .Pan Francisco; Miss Margaret
Dorothy Reed. Nampa. Ida.; Miss Olive
JtteGlones, Oakdaie. Cal.; Miss Mary
Frances Gray. Virginia City, Xev.; Miss
Bessie Margaret Rogers, Santa Ros3.
Cal.: Miss Cathrena A. Roche. Alameda,
Cal.: Miss Martha P. Stroinski, Oak
lend, Cal.; Miss Eva E. Wolfinger, San
Francisco; Miss Mac E. Birdsall. San
Francisco.
Alumni to Entertain.
The Alumni Association of the Cali
fornia Institution for the Blind will
give a concert in Golden Gate Hall,
#67 Putter street, Monday evening. Oc
tober "(>. The purpose of the enter
«aiKmrnt will be to establish an alumni
rf-Uef fund. Besides the concert th^re
vill be dancing. Among the entertain
ers will bo Denis Folley. Gussie Mast.
James Hughes. Hazel Piper, H«-nry
Foster., Helen Mesow. Alfred Kloess
and Befha Haight. The price of --d
mlssion will be 25 cents.
l.frlurrd on Scnlptorlns.
Larado Taft gave an interesting lec
ture at .the California Club hall last
evening on sculptoring, "Glimpses of a
Sculptors Studio" being the title of
his discourse.
.The American Cigar, 2 for 25e, beats
the w orld. Mattheas & Co., distributors.*
KOUVJER MAY FACE
A SERIOUS BREAK
Lively. Times Are Expected
When French Parlia
ment Meets.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
•LONDON. Oct. 28. — "U"hen the French
Parliament meets next Monday M. Rou
vier may face a serious break in the
Ministerial majority, and the embarrass
ment it is likely to cause is reflected
already in general disorder in the po-~
litical world outside the Palais Bour
bon. Only two months of life remain
to the existing Legislature, and the rela
tive merits of candidates to be chosen
In 1906 are being sharply canavssed in
Paris and the provinces.
M. Javrcs. the great- and brilliant
Socialist* chief, has been ordered to
make a new departure. This consists in
putting forward in many of the con
stituencies candidates of such 'advanced
Bocialistitj. views that Radicals, will be
unable to vote for them. The effect of
this decision upon Parliamentary
groupings will become obvious speedily.
CHARGED WITH CRUELTY. —George
Kooetra v.-as em-etfd yesterday and charged
with cruelty to animals. He wan found lead
ing a horse from San Mateo to the city which
«as so lain* that it was walking on the
knuckle of Its leg.
AFFLICTED WITIi 6TNCOPE-— Anthony
Hyatt, a •\u25a0arpeeter rrvidlr.r In SausvUlto. while
Buffering It-cm an attack of syncope, fell •on
the sidewalk at tbe corner of Steiner and Ellis
streets' yeewrday. rustainlng severe ' scalp
wounds/. He «v treated •at * the Central
Kmerseaey Hospital by Dr. O. 8. Kucicb. ' .
THE NEW BUILDING RAPIDLY '^E: A RING COM IMPORTANT HOLIDAY CENTER
w
Towels, important, too. • 58-in Mercerized Damask 36c yd.; 64-in. Cotton Damask 25c yd.; Napkins 88c doz.; Crash 5c yd. Some of. the items.
Another— 7o-in. all linen Damask 52c yd. .Stirring values. It's to be a stirring occasion.' ._
For women know Hale linens, know the carefulness with w ; hich we buy them, the advantages we gain' by importing direct and in quantities. ( jcgZ^^T^
r.f\-\ Know that these advantages are theirs all the time; that when we announce,. an out-of-the-ordmary occasion,- it is, indeed, unusual. _^-<^JMM f M
"^V^G^r-- ' So thJnk of your linen needs to-morrow (Thanksgiving next month), and come and feel safe in filling them at savings. \u25a0 r=V^J^~\^ \^»
%L '{ftP p\ • Linens that are all cotton and yet look like linen, somethat are part cotton. But we're proudest of those ZiT~A^k--J^wMw \^
(jUfc— **£W beautiful all linen cloths frbm the green bleach . /^^i^^^N^ *' %\VI -
M i /IVY. /V S ° f^^ lrCl ? nd ' Sco^f' Germany^^ Royal in: _ ' *-a^«W|| 111 I X^'J^
< 4«i//'j ' / A \ (??3 their snowy beauty— cloths we guarantee to be all |m '^'W s~j4N\ \u25a0 \r^lasr~'~~^ 1 1 \ li : ? 1 XGp'
Warmth for the little tot. JLwj/ / \u25a0I ,ll llim -wither becomes Cooler"
Lconomy ior the parents — , t gil Jl l . /// If fMW£sm • Tvlost important at Hale's
Look at the style—double-breasted, warmly ,^SS^ ;^^a W I ' mtWiW to-morrow.
lined throughout with satin, belted back, six I W^^^^l^^^SKB Tennis Flannel oc:
large white pearl buttons down the front. ~^j|^^ SSn SL P tn k . light blue.
well made, at $^.2> ' It heads Other values in . tf »^^Jg^^^ :::^ :=J - :s -^S^^^Sagß^^g-C:.>-..y:- < - W-l r cream; a heavy fleecy quality for
\u2666 C^/->«rl d-^r V,ql^' dorr - A-br^?^_j-^'sr^ "^SSSESfc: II 1 V > 'y^^ children's better dresses and night
warm COatS. ieCOncl noor DaD\ SldC. -C "^^ robes, solid colors. 10c yard.
Brar Skin Coats at $4.75 : \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0.\u25a0•'\u25a0 ; , -•" Tennis Flannel. 7 z Ac:
.^^S-r^^trnV^ O • \/\ '-\u25a0 J FY I.^^ That's 2T inches wfde. patterned in
t^^ars. 61 Qi p iMpM p V /-p V I J Q H DaiTiaSk irnC blue; in dl«erent ideas; pinic or blue.
Crush Plush Coats $5.50: *)-U 111. IVI Cl L,Ci IZ-^VI J-/ Cll 1 1 CiOiX white Wool Flannel, 2 5 c yard :
?«?y K^Pcu??t&yVit&Jto™'tffi£& Just 35 pieces, bleached. One of the best values we have ever had, worthy heading some U^V^^ulmy^' WW#
sateen lined; sizes 2to o years. of mogt j mportant u nen new 9 we have ever printed. 58-inch damask at, 36c yard.. Heavier
Crush P.ush Coats $5.75 : .. ,
In navy and dark brown, shoulder cape and cuffs quality .at 45C yard. . , n:UU^#*«
trimmed with white bear skin and silk gimp, with n . t_^ r\r\r\ rx '\u25a0-' 1 iv t < Ie I rlllflriS
B , larg e pearl buttons; sl.es 2to S years. % 12,000 I^^ NapkiPS Jo .
Chri^tmaS Art Work ln #gJli B t£ t £&*. w *** First Price 88C Dozen o f Hale regular ribbon values,
66-inoh Damask, ooci For size 20x20. Bleached napkins. Size 21x21. at $1.48 doz.; put them side by side with the
To start making now. Join 1 our free embroid- ah linen, bleached; 70 inches 22x22 at $1.85 doz. \u25a0 put \u0084 , c * ,
10- cesses on Wednesdays and Saturdays and JgSt Sr?" " '"^ "" " , men Crasfi We '™*-- — \u25a0 "W w«.' 7^'^* * "*" St ° rCS '
make pretty scarfs, handkerchiefs, center «*.» ) m.~J- )t^- S J S Jf- Linen Crash, 7^C ble^? %£' o"'^."" iTh'a Compare them.
r»iVr«»«: mufflers There is a world of SUggeS- had before was 58 inches wide. All-linen crash, ;7 inches wide. red border. . Af 1 2c yd 3^" lnch Batln taffeta,
pieces, mufflers. mercib d wu i v ; *»& Some of that to-day, too But red border. A splendid 10c qual- Crash Toweling, 7%c yard, 17 Al * ZC y °' rlch - lustrous ribbon,
tions in art needlework, glltS lor e\er> one. ii O ok at this 64-tnch cloth, 25c v Absorbent, to make fine inches wide. 600 yards all-linen Af |r r Vf l A 4-inch ribbon, with
And you can do your work here in the store re3taurant tO weis. at t^c yard. • r < ; r f ash n ! owe I llnBr - , w AAt Isc yy d V a soft satm nnish.
away from eves you don't want to see you. keep "' _ W£M?M S?r YH p.^r4 b J^ ll^_^ ! b T2St Sfe
\u25a0LJi-nts- AH LinGn UdllldorV JZiK* 1 U Size 18x36 at Oc. and black. Ribbons for fancy work.
. , . \u25a0 .... ,, X T . • ;V „,;„ ti,,,i,,J , Hnck Toneliat 10c eachi Linen neckwear and hair bows.
t:~+~a -Pilirvw Tnrv? -ace- 70. inches wide, all linen. We emphasize it again, Dieacnea, a huck towels, size 17x32. Size We will tie any kind of a bow you
iintea rillOW lopa, j>. \u25a0 r-iif O rnla good quality, at 52C yard. - 18x34 at iz^c, 10x3S at 162-3 c. want without extra charge.
In California designs such a P epper a k. aiiiornia o „.,_.. CI4U m g--- Hem.tltched Cloth*. »1.38 i Dtmuk Toweli, 19c: Fringed See the beautiful ribbon suggestions
poppies, violets Rnd poinsettlas, some in hollies. — >«rd rable Olotli, sijmm fa r *T yards long, derman linen: with a colored border, size 19x for Christmas gifts— opera bags, coat
• Beautifully tinted and specially designed for us. all around '^ yards 'at 82.00 a firm, soft finish."., 2% yards ; 42. Siz» 21x24 at 24ci 22x45 at hangers, sashes. Samples in stock. We.
\u25a0and •"\u25a0so ' long at $1.88. , 83 l-3c. will make them for you at little cost.
Pillow Tops, 50c :
Tinted and stamped on art canvas,
and scrim, in the season's newest de-
signs; almost any flower you can
think of; good values at 650 and 75c
Scarfs at 75c':
Size 20x54 inches, on extra heavy
linen, tinted with fruit and flower ef-
40c Center Pieces at 25c:
On art denim, canvas and linen; in
rose, poppies, poinsettias, violets,
wild roses, pansies.
55c for 75c size, in floral effects.
Cord and Tassels, 22c:
For 25c value, mercerized loop, good
heavy cord and full tassel, 3 yards
long, any combination you want.
Scrim Pillow Ruffling, 50c:
For 75c quality, in blue. pink, orange,
green, lavender, brown and Oriental.
4y. yards long, 4 inches wide. While
they last, 50c piece, f
Glove and Handkerchief Case 30c:
Tinted. Jteady to work, in wild rose.
violet, popples, holly, carnations and
American Beauty roses.
Our stocks of materials were never
more complete. We can furnish any
shade of Orion or silk embroidery
thread. Battenberg and silk braids.
<T '
Broadcloth $1.00
It's 52 inches wide. It's the queen
of all $1.00 broadcloths because the
price is humbled. It's a cloth that
was made to sell at $1.25 yard. Nice,
soft, velvety finish. And when we
buy again we will have to sell it for
$1.25, maybe more, for there is a
broadcloth famine now.
Big suit makers in the East have
been forced to buy, from retail stocks
to fill their orders. They would be
glad to share this cloth at $1.00 yard,
52 inches wide, in all shades.
$1.00 Cheviot at 75c:
50 inches wide, all wool, sponged and
shrunk, different shades.
Worsted Suiting, 65c yard:
46 inchfis wide, all wool. It would be
a splendid value at 85c.
LINING SATEEN 25c
Washable, good' fast dye, 36 inches
wide, different colors. It's a good
q uali,y for drop skirts.
Market St., Near Sixth, S. F.
DISCUSS TOPICS
ON SANITATION
Health Officials of State
3leet in Session for Fifth
Time in San Francisco
The fifth session of the California Pub
lic Health Association, comprising the
health officials throughout the State, was
held yesterday In the assembly room of
the local Beard of Health at the City
Hall.
There were fifty offlcials present when
the session was called to order by; the
president- of the association. Dr. E.' von
Adelung/of Oakland. After a greeting of
welcome by the president, the following
programme was carried out: *
-."Sanitation. of Stanford," Dr. W. E. Snow,
Stajrf(Jrd University... - ... r ;
.. '(Contamination .'of ; Water . Supplies," Dr. \u25a0 N..
X.' Foster, Sacramento: discussion' : osened by
X>r. F. O. Caaney. • » \ . *
THE SAN- FRANCISGOi GALL,;iSUNDAY,eOGTOBER;29, «iyos.
Buy Winter Hats Now
'/V grCd.l millinery UUSIIICSS la «i uiagm.i
*q*>/j for great millinery values, same as great
— \^o^^uk m i^ mer y values are magnets for a great
millinery business.
&s^ioioo7 Hale" hat values this fall have drawn us
'\u25a0^^^^^^^fj the bi S& cst mimner y business we have
VV * J *iiw''^ & ever one n a a^ .season. scason -
J^' O V To-morrow a climax. Another, opportunity for
£& \u2666 / women, to buy their new winter hats and choose
<fl£>l-3V ~ from a- large variety of bright, pretty styles. In
every shape, every color, pay the price she wants
-^^*\\^t\^^ to P a y and get a better style; or pay. a lower prloa
' than ehe expected to pay for the hat she wants.
New Hats at $4.50: J Trimmed Hats, $2.25:
, ' ?2 "\ * ' T- i. ;u \u25a0 Made of velveteen, trimmed with rib-
And others 1 at »4.75. If you had them bon or breasts , ln black,
made to order, some of them would . ,__ • &-
cost 510.00. They are all hand-made, Trimmed HatS, $6.50 1 fv.
ln perhaps the very style you want. Compare them with ?12.00,hats. Just
Scores of them to choose from, plenty 49 O f them out to-morrow, different
of black ones. 94.50 and $4.75. styles.
m • jit*. <t 72 Hats at $10.00 :
Trimmed HatS, 3>3-45 : That look like $18.00 and $20.00
Splendid dress styles., and others at styles trimmed wl t h ..P lu ™? s .', r *** th :
*3.i)5, trimmed with tips, wings or ers. wings; many of the me ntiroly of
birds, in every shape. velvet. Just 72 of them out at $10.00.
Eton Suits $22.50
Just here. And others at $18.75, $27-50.
Suits so many have been waiting for, and so many others will
be glad to see.
. Most welcome news we have been able to tell in a long while.
As pretty styles as we have seen— individual, different.
Hurried to us by express. See some of them in a window to-
day, but to understand them best see them in the store to-morrow.
First? We would— they'll hurry away. (Last week an express shipment
of Etons came on Friday. By Saturday night they were all (rone. : We
never had a chance to mention them.) That's warning.
* Others are here, just as pretty and unusual, up to $40.00. And some
long coat suits at $16.50'; to $65.00.
At $22.50: Eton jacket suit of broad- At $27-50: Double-breasted Eton suit
cloth; jacket strapped and trimmed Jf^^^c^wa.ffd^utSK-
. with fancy trimming; collar and cuffs flat collar and cuffs of velvet trlm-
of velvet, with soutache braid; fancy mcd with braid: new 3
sleeves, separate girdle of silk. Full *£i T o\* o^foTded "velvet. Skirt made
pleated skirt; in blue, green and with box pleats in clusters stitched
plum. . \u25a0>,;> down below the hip.
Broadcloths predominate, making the price more unusual, em-
phasizing again the leadership of this Hale suit store and the im-
portance of the advantages it passes on to you.
For Broadcloths are so scarce in the market many suit makers
have h^d to buy their supply FROM RETAID STORES and pay
high retail prices./ In the face of this condition see these suit val-
ues to-morrow at Hales. •/> . . _ /
Questions and general discussion on any de
sired subject. \u25a0 , <\. • . ! \u25a0:\u25a0
Noon l-ecesa. ' - •
"Disinfection," Dr.'W. C. Hasslor. ' .
"'Quarantine in Typhoid," * Dr. .D. F. Ragan.
"Control of Contagious and •-. Infectious . Dis
eases of Aliens Arriving.; in-- San \u25a0? Francisco,"
Dr. H. 8. Curnmlne, passed aealetant surgeon
United Htates Public Health, and Marine ' Ho
spital Service, San FYandsco;- discussion opened
by Dr. Trotter, United States Public Health
and Marine Hospital - Service. -\u25a0 '•; ' \u25a0 \u25a0--\u25a0 :*
"Undrawn Fish and Poultrj'." I>r. F. O. Fay,
Sacramento; discussion opened by Professor
A. R. Ward. . . . ; ;
'.-> A discussion of the exposure of .the
general adulteration of *, milk .. by local
dealers was participated in by nearly all
trie deleeates. Dr. Martin , Regensburger,
president of the' State Board' of Health,
assured the local^ board that every assist
ance will be rendered by, the State health
authorities in ; the movement to insure a
pure milk supply for the ; people of San
Francisco.
i'- ft was also decided;to makea joint 'in
spection by the State and city health offi
cials of the. waters , of I the bay, with a
view to eradicating : infection', of fish,
clams andoysters, which'is prevalent to
an alarming. extent. The ! poultry sold ir\
the local market'will also be a subject oA
investigation/ 'tpjQffl^a^^^^^^^
In the evening the delegates at the con
vention'satdown to a fine banquet at the
Bohemian Club, where;a:further.'discus
sion ' was Jiad 'on = topics " appertaining ito
perfect 1 ;' sanitation.;;, v Drs.V> Regensburger
and \u25a0 Ragan i explained |th a '% work *of - milk
inspection In the State* and \u25a0 city. * • _
BISHOP NICHOLS TO
OCCUPY THE PULPIT
Will Preach This Morning at
St. TauPs Episcopal \
Church. * ; ,i
Bishop \W.; F. Nichols will ; preach at
the 11 o'clock service to-day at -St.'
Paul's Episcopal .'-\ Church, California
street, near Fillmore. V Special services
will be sung by the vesteH: choir. In: the
evening there will be a choral i service."
Mrs. Colonel Duncan 'will address the
.meeting of young ; men this afternoon
in the auditorium of, the ; T. f :M.';C.- A; '
The following, music 'programme will
be rendered; at :• Trinity ; ; Presbyterian
Church this evening, at < 7 : 80 : ; "t "
\: \u25a0 Organ, "The Heavens Are Telling" (Haydn);
quartet, ' "Harvest Hymn" (Barnby) ; duet, ' 'O,
Lovely Peace" ("Judas Maccabeus." Handel):
solo, "A Song of Praise" (Gugller); trio, VHear
us. -O Father" (Owen); /duet, - ."My -Faith
Looks Up to Thee' • \u25a0 (Schneoker) ; , quartet,' ."The
Lord ,'la Good" ( "Eli.'r Costa) : ? solo,»i' Beyond
the Gates of s Paradise".* (Watson) ; . > quartet,
"The Day Is Ended" (Sullivan); org^n,>"Festi
val March? (Merkel).- Choir— Miss Emma'Vas-'
concellos, soprano; Miss .Viola s :.Van Orden.'con
tralto; Frank Fowden.' tenor ;. Matthew McCur^
rie,". basso; -C. M. \u25a0T. Parker, : organist and ' dl
rector., j\ . -\u25a0\u25a0?'.. ,- r :^- -;' /- i -'\u25a0' f-'r.-\"' :-,'-\u25a0:.'"•
'^ :\u25a0 Mrs.*.'- Margaret \ Bottome, national
president; of .thehKing's a Daughters? of
the United States, -will) deliver 'an I * ad-'
Showing of
Doll Furniture
Brings to light the most important values in doll furniture we have
ever had.
Look at this 16-inch chiffonier, white -enameled, at $1.25 ; at
this white enameled dresser, 90c; at this oak commode, 33c; at
this little dining-room set at 15c.
But pick any piece" of furniture you will, and be surprlsecTat the price
It's marked, same aa we were when we unpacked them.
Santa Claus Is a wonderful man.. He Just seems to have set his heart
on making Hale's a more wonderful Christmas store this season than ever
• before. . .
Bring the children to the thlr-V floor to-morrow. The dolls them-
selves are as interesting as their furniture. And we are at work dou-
bling room for the toys and other things right now. ;
Varieties are largest now, choosing best, and buying easiest.
See this doll furniture to-morrow. Especially
White Enameled Furniture
Here's a 16-inch Chiffonier at '$1.25; white enameled, with four
drawers, brass trimmines. as pretty as can be; nicely trimmed with hand-;
painted flowers in blue and pink.
Doll China Closet, 95ct "White enamel- Commode at 33ci Of oak. with drawer
ed, 17% Inches high, with hand- and lower compartment. 17% inches
painted decorations, brass trimming*. high. Larger size, 28 Inches high,
large shelf with. glass door and two at 95c.
drawers. Dresner at 33ct "With a swinging mir-
Whtte Enameled Dresser, OOci 15 Inches ror and three drawers, top 6%x13
high, 10%-lnch top, swinging mirror. Inches.
2 drawers, decorated with flowers Oak Dresser at 75c t 13 Inches high,
and brass trimmings.- V ' "' . . with three large drawers and swing-
Kltchrn Table, 51.28s Enameled white, ing mirror, top 7x15% Inches.
18 inches high, top 18x24 „ Inches. Larger sizes at~ fi.29 and $1.75.
Large enough for the little girl to Bedroom Set, 40c « White enameled.
use. \u25a0\u25a0 ' contains bed 10 Inches long, two
-\u25a0"- chairs 9% inches high and one rocker
Then look at all this other ;furni- and table. Set «^. •\u25a0
ture; some of it weathered oak; some "ffi^S&'.S'aafSSl I**1 ** T 1 " 1 Up "
of It reproduced in the picture. 'More oak-Bed, 25ct 9% inches wide, with
of it- in a window to-day. < But its wire mattress.
the great big display on the third 22 - I f« h k? 011^"^' 1 *, 101 . Kld body doll -
floor g we wan! youV see; to-morrow \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0£&%V^^^
most of all. . pers. c; .
26-Inch Doll at $2.23: Full Jointed,
"Wire Bed at 25c i Brass wire-bed, 15 with papier mache body,, ball and
, Inches long, with draped canopy top, socket Joints, bisc, head, curly hair,
" mattress, cover and two pillows. fancy slip- and lace stockings.
Oak Dlnlng-Rooin Set/ 15ci. Consists of Doll at '25c t 11%' inches tall, jointed.
1 two chairs, one rocker, and table. bisc head, curly wig, fancy slip.
dress under the auspices of the.organ
ization this evening! at" 7:3o -o'clock, at
the Grace j Methodist Church, \u25a0 Twenty
flrst and' Capp streets.'. ;V? :
Splendid musical programmes have
been arranged for both services to-day
at the Calvary Presbyterian ' Church. .
' A . programmef>rof J memorial services
will be rendered >this afternoon, at 8
o'clock^ at . the Old J People's Home, Pine
and Pierce streets. -It is as follows:
Organ \u25a0< preludo-^-Hymn, '."Oh Land . \of the
Blessed; pray«r anthem/ ,' 'Oh; * How Amiable
Are Thy Tabernaclea" (Barnby): Scripture les
son; i duet, ."One^Sweetly ' Solemn: Thought".
(Tliomas) ; memorial address, - Rev. J George \u25a0 C
Adams, D. D. ; barytone solo, "A New Heaven
and a\u25a0; New i Earth" .(GaJl): J hymn; • "Lead :
Kindly. , Light" < (Dykes) ; benediction. . 'organ
postludc. v Choir — Miss- Millie- Flynn, \u0084 Miss
Adeline E. \u25a0 Blschler,"; Chester W. Rosecranz and
S. Homer Henley; organist and musical direc
tor," John Harridon- Pratt. . . .- ;
Hurt ,' In \u25a0 Bay'; Collision.
The launch Henry : I crashed into a
barge lii : tow ;' of the launch „ Sentry ; off
Melggs wharf last night. : Barney Mad
den, who was on .the r Henry -I. was
pinned, between .the-' barge and tho
launch' and ; terribly; crushed. . ; The Sen-.
try cut loose^' from . the ' barge and took
Madden, aboard.;> ;Th'el injured man w.as
hurriedly, conveyed; ashore and; taken 1 to
the -i Ha rborjS Emergency.; Hospital; ;_The
extent;of: his .'injuries Is: not yet 'known:
The;HenrylH3 owned :by, Mrs. H: Pe
terson rand is' used iln: night quarantine
duty, "i It' was -'not damaged.-* •
GIRLS' HIGH BESTS LOWELL
IN A DEBATING CONTEST
For First . Time In History of Schools
Pupils of Gentler Sex Enter Into
Oratorical Battle. .
.For the first time In' the history of
high school activities In San Francisco,
girls met in debate las"t night in/ the
auditorium -of the Girls' High School.
Lowell High. and Girls' High engaging
In: the verbal combat ' heretofore pre
empted jby the ; b'o'ys. And never In the
history of either school has such enthu
siasm- been manifested.
.Lowell's honors were upheld by Miss
Ruth E.: Lewis, Miss Elizabeth J. Mor
ley:andiMiss Mary Ada Spence on the
affirmative, 'while the J Girls- High was
defended by Miss Gladys Bowman, Miss
Lillian Hurtzig and ; Miss Gwendolyn
Powers. \ negative, on . the ." following
subject: "Resolved, That the suffrage
should be taken from the negroes in
the "United - States. . assuming ; that such
action' can be. legally and constitution
ally : taken . by^s repeal -i of the fifteenth
amendment ' or' otherwise."
VJ: Leslie -Henry, of Lowell served as
chairman. " H The judges" were .Judge
Kerrigan. -Judge Sloss and Colonel
George C.' Edwards ; of -Berkeley.".
: -The: decision. went ito; thei Girls' High
Schooli team^indi the announcement 'was
received with great enthuslasm.% V-v<
Twice as Much
I Room
Largely increased stocks,
greater conveniences — already
the holiday atmosphere is fill-
ing the air.
'Thanksgiving
Next month — next month starts
Wednesday.
Linens, dishes, silverware. The
store is ready to help you to-
morrow.
CHRISTMAS
Is coming.
"Christmas is here." Bring the
little girls to see the dolls on the
third floor; how many there are,
how pretty. The values are the
best we have ever had.
Doll furniture out this week-
Some in a window to-day.
Most to choose from now.
Shopping is less crowded.
That is why so many have be-
gun holiday shopping already, to
get the most strenuous part of the
buying over with. Later the en-
thusiasm of the merry throngs of
shoppers every bne enjoys. Yes,
the store is to be more than ever
San Francisco's most important
shopping center this year.
Come and see why to-morrow.
Look straight up through the
central court. The Market-«treet
building is two stories taller.
See how strongly and quickly
the new Sixth-street annex, six
stories tall, is being joined to the
present store.
Of course building operations —
hammering, noise, dust — are up-
setting certain sections somewhat.
A tearing-down has to be be-
fore a greater building up, and
we're thinking of the greater store,
the greater convenience to come.
Meantime we're trying to keep
services and conditions as near the
Hale standard of satisfactoriness
as possible.
In a great many cases
•Prices Greatly Lowered
Are in force to establish shopping
equilibrium. Several departments
have already moved into larger,'
better quarters.
Notably: Notions (to the do-
mestic aisle); house helps (room
doubled downstairs); crockery
(moving downstairs).
Visit the store to-morrow.
Come, if just to see how the same
broad policy that made this busi-
ness best, then biggest, is operat-
ing now to make it bigger yet;
and in the transitional period.
Now, making shopping induce-
ments so unusually attractive and
important that this news covers
but a portion of the advantages
the store, holds for to-morrow's
Order By Mail
If you live out of the city. We've
a Christmas book in preparation,
filled with gift hints. We. will be
glad to send it to you if you send
us : your name.
-. . <•- . .
Skirts Gut Free
From any dress goods or silks
you buy. ,
By an expert man tailor.
Cut so they fit and hang per-
fectly ; cut to give the full
swing and dash that only men
tailors who "know how"- can
impart to their skirts.
Share unusual values in
dress goods to-morrow and
have your skirt cut free, in any
style you choose.
36-lnch Cambric
lOc Quality at 8c
White, the kind women
want for better underwear.
Pay 8c instead of ioc yard to-
morrow.
Pillow Cases, llei Sits 45z2C; a
good 12 }fee quality.
Blenched Sheets. 64e » For «!z9 Six
90; heavy. If they weren't •light-
ly soiled they would be tplendid
value at 65c. Size 80x90 at 69cf
worth 70c.
Market St, Near Sixth. S. P.
SELAH GIRLS' CLITB GIVES
DELIGHTFUL ENTERTAINMENT
Employe* of Hale Bros. Dance t*
Firm's Neir Addition to Its Build
ing on Sixth Street.
The.Selah Girls' Club of Hals Bros,
gave a ball last night on the fifth
floor of the firm's new building on Sixth
street, near Market. About 200 couples
were present. The' affair was enjoy
able In . every way.
The decorations were of gold and
white, Interspersed with American
flags.
The grand march was led by Miss
Sadie Miller, president of the club, and
Marshal Hale. Dancing was the chief
feature of the entertainment, while
those who did not care to Join la the
mazy whirl played cards.
The following committees w«r« In
charge of the entertainment:
Arrangement* — Chairman. Miss Sadls Mil
ler;". Miss Mac Springer. - alias. Lynch. Mlsa
Meyer.: Mlsa McNulty. Miss Richardson. , Mlsa
Murphy. MUs Gallagher, Miss Keefe. Mian No
lan, • Miss Brosnan. Miss " Mullen, : Miss Hayes.
Mlfß Rauckert. Miss E. Carroll.
Reception— Chairman, lira. Mlndins; Mrs.
Jones. Mrs. - Morrllt. ' Mrs. Mills. Mrs. Harsh
bargei*. Mrs. Baker. Miss Bailey,* Miss Foley.
Miss Quirk. Mi?s Jones. Miss Peterson. Mtta
( "heffere. Miss Johansen. Miss Rotesky. Mis?
Barron.'Mtsa Carter. Miss O. Miller. Miss "A'hc
lan. Mis* Martin.' Miss Swain. Miss Condon.
'Miss Rosp, Miss Wheeler. Miss Owen. Mli*
Healy. ;• .
Prejudice puts' the heart In yrkMsV