JH&gALL PRINTS MORE' NEWS THAN ANY OTHER PAPER PUBLISHED IIt|M^HCISCO
THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at Saa Francisco for
thirty hours ending midnight, July 28,
19C5:
San Francisco and vicinity — Foggy,
Fri<Jay mornlns, becoming fair during
the day; fresh west winds
G. h. vrwL&crs,
Local Forecaster,
Temporarily In Charge.
« '
VOLUME XCVIII— NO. SS.
CHINA MAY
NEXT LOSE
OUR TRADE
American Dealers
in Position to
Boycott.
Goods Bought From Her
Can Be Purchased
Elsewhere.
Interesting Figures Given Out
by Bureau of Commerce
and Labor,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALX. BUREAU. POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON. July £7.— The Bureau of
Commerce and Labor to-day announced
that if American merchants should de
termine to' boycott Chinese importations
pending the existence of the boycott
against American goods by Chinese mer
chants it would maka quite a hole in
China's foreign trade. The latest figures
collected by the Bureau of Statistics of
the department show that in the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1905, the United
States bought from China, including the
port of Hongkong for which separate
ligures are made, merchandise to the
value of $30,000,000. We sold in the same
period to China and the distributing
port of Hongkong about $63,000,000 worth
of goods. The bulk of the goods we pur
chased from China is not of a kind
v.hich is among the necessities of life
and it would probably not be difficult to
transfer a preponderance of that trade
to Japan if it should be determined to-re
taJk'te.
The principal imports from China dur
ing ti?e pa#t liscal year wvre. hide*-and
skins, -$2,5240E9; silk, raw, $5,549,068; silk,
manufactu&l, 5266.464; tea $5,562,531;
other merchandise. $10,578,052. In the same
period we bought from Japan $60j000,Q00
worth of raw and manufactured silk and.
about $7,000,000 worth of tea." Tea can
also be obtained from Ceylon, Java, Bot
neo and other places, so that China has
no comer on the supply.
Some doubt Is expressed In official cir
cles whether It will' be possible to ob
tain China's consent to another treaty
with the United States providing for the
exclusion of Chinese laborers from this
country. The State Department Is aware
of ill-feeling throughout China and now
that the immigration treaty with China
ha# been allowed to lapse without the
negotiation of a new agreement, reports
have reached here that China is Inclined
hereafter to refuse to sign any similar
convention.
China's position appears to be that the
exclusion of Chinese citizens from a
friendly country is in itself a disgrace,
and while she cannot ignore the laws of
a foreign power providing for such ex
clusion, she can refuse to sanction it or
become part of it by concluding a treaty
involving such restrictions. A year ago
it is said it would have been easy to
conduct negotiations with China for the
exclusion of Chinese laborers only. Now,
however, it is understood the Chinese of
ficials are disposed to regard the signing
of such a treaty beneath the dignity of
their Government. The reason for the
assumption at Peking of this new atti
tude is not quite clear to the ofncilas here,
though in some circles it is attributed to
the influence of foreign powers.
PROPOSE TO BOYCOTT BANK.
Chinese About to Flifht American
Financial Institution.
SHANGHAI. July 27.— The native
bankers here are calling a meeting to
discuss the proposal to boycott the In
ternational Banking Corporation.
The International Banking Corpora
tion was organized In June, 1901, under
the laws of Connecticut, having re
ceived its charter by a special act of
the Legislature. It was then the only
American banking institution formed
for doing business entirely in foreign
countries, with authority to establish
branches. The corporation was made
the agent of the United States Gov
ernment for the receipts of payments
to this Government on account of the
Chinese Boxer indemnity. The stock
holders of the corporation were care
fully selected from among the leading
American manufacturers, exporters and
importers of the United States. The
corporation was capitalized at $3,000.
000 with a surplus of $3,000,000. Among
the cities represented in the concern
\u25a0were-: New York. Boston, Cincinnati
Pittsburg. Dayton. Cleveland, Colum
bus Philadelphia. Detroit. Milwaukee,
Chicago and St. Louis. The Southern
snd, Pacific Coast cities were equally
well represented.
OFFICIALS AHE COXFIDB.VT
tJo Hot Expert Hoj-cott Against Bank
to Ileooiuf Serious.
NEW YORK. July 27.— Local officials
of the International Banking Corpora
tion expressed surprise at the news
from Shanghai. In response to a cable
sent to Shanghai yesterday by the Lon
don branch of the corporation, a cable
was received here to-day to the effect
that the system of boycott has not in
terfered with business. J. S. Fearson,
president of the International Banking
Corporation, is the senior member -ot
the importing house of Fearson, Dan
iel & Co. of this city, whose main
branch Is at Shanghai. Fearson. Dan
iel & Co. to-day received a Shanghai
cable touching upon boycott troubles
there aad etated that the result Is not
expected to be serious.
General Thomas Hubbard. president
of the International Banking Corpora
tion, said:
"Of -course- It is well known that
The San Francisco Call.
ARTISTS
INVOLVED
IN SCANDAL
Will Be Subpenaed
in Town Topics
Inquiry.
Jerome Is Determined to
Thoroughly Probe
the Matter.
Colonel Mann Will Be Asked
to Produce the Books of
His Company.
Epccial Dispatch - to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 27.— While Colonel
Mann of Town Topics was not called on
to appear before the District Attorney.to
day and he was not asked to produce the
books of the Es^ Ess Publishing Com
pany, one of his subsidiary concerns,
there is Uttl§, doubt that a demand, for
the production of these books may be
made ui>on him sooner than he expects.
Then it will be known whether he is a
better fighter than the District Attorney,
backed up by the powers of the j Grand
Jury. The reason for an inspection of
these books is to ascertain if; Judge
Deuel of the Special Sessions Court, who
has been shown to have been in ! the re
ceipt of a salary from Town Topics, has
any affiliation with the other publications
controlled by Colonel Mann. \
After Jerome has heard aya v full report
of what has been ascertained by Assist
ant District; Attorney Krotel more sub
penas will be sent out for. many persons
.who ; may be .In a j position to know of
some of . the transactions with which the
name of Town Topics Is connected. Some
of these .are paid to be. men .who. are; in
charge of the social news printed In some
of the daily newspapers,- for; the charge
has been made , that some j of , th.Q solici
tors . for ; . "Fads - and Fancies"" not only
told the : expected i subscribers that should
they buy the work they would be treated
with every courtesy in the columns" of
Town Topics, but .went further and said
they were In a position to have some of
the daily newspapers Influenced to that
end. V # */Ii \u25a0 . \u25a0 - --/ v-
There are one or two artists, also, who
are said to know much of the inner
workings of Town Topics, the getting of
subscribers for "Fads and j Fancies" and
the attempt to get others for "Homes
and Hobbies," another trork on similar
lines which was planned by Town Topics,
but which met with such a cold reception
from wealthy society persons that it was
dropped.
Any remarks that Colonel Mann had to
make about the Investigation to-day were
printed In the issue of Town . Topics over
his own signature. He said he would
have some more to say next week.' In
another part of the publication there is a
paragraph which recalls that the sub
scription. price for "Fads and Fancies"
was $1500 and Colonel Mann's declaration
that this was not an excessive price. It
tells of "The Birds of America," the
\u25a0work of Audubon^,: each copy of which
cost $1000. Although the prospectus for
this work was issued in 1827, the article
says the first copy was not published un
til three years later, and the last volume
did not come out until 1539. The entire
edition, it is told, cost $100,000.
QUEER .VFREAK BORX
IX THE CAT FAMILY
Seven Kittens Joined in One
Outdo the Siamese
Twins.
Special Dispatch to . The Call.
LOUISVILLE, July 27. — The glory of
the famous Siamese, twins has been
eclipsed. Nature has seen fit . to per
petrate a freak that outdistances them
by leagues. Seven in a bunch, kicking,
rolling, crying, and drawing vigorously
upon the maternal font, a litter of
amalgamated kittens . was born here
last Monday. The mother is an old
gray cat owned by W. C. Nord. Twenty
eight perfect legs, seven equally per
fect heads and seven . tiny tails that
wag ceaselessly make a composite of
feline life that it would be hard to
duplicate. \u25a0
The kittens are all united and they
present the appearance of a mottled,
furry bair possessed of some animating
principle 'and manifesting the heads of
a monster, and legs enough for, a centi
pede. Five of the kittens are black
and two are gray.
-STEAMER IS LOST
ON CHANNEL ISLAND
Vessel Runs Ashore During
the Prevalence of a
Heavy Fog.
GUERNSEY, Channel Island, July
27.— A, large French steamer went
ashore here to-day on the '; west 'boast
of this island. It is believed: that the
vessel, the" name of . which Is not
kno wn, . will be a total loss. : ; There was
no ioss'of life." ; It was at first reported
that the steamer was a trans-Atlantic
liner.: The fog continues:' * - ' :.
the boycott is not : in consequence to
any objection * to our. corporation, but
Is due to! the* resentment r of the^Chlnese
toward ;\u25a0 the Uni ted " States •• Government,
caused •by - the Chinese excl usion ; ac t."
SAN : FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JULY 28,. 1905;
EXPECTS
TO FLY TO
WASHINGTON
Chicago Man Says
He Will Soon
Make Trip:
Declares He Has Solved
Problem of Aerial
Navigation.
Wings Worked by Gasoline
Engine WiU Furnish the
Motive Power. "'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, July .27.— Frank L. Mahan
of Chicago declared to-day that in the
near future he will start for .Washing
ton in an airship of his own make ahdj
that he. will reach that city within ten
hours. 1 '/li.^i: - - '
'"I don't simply predict this," said he,
"I'll do it. I " have studied the aerial
navigation problem for sixteen years
and L have, lts solutionbeyond the per
adventure of a doubt.
\u25a0 "I can make from 125 to 150 miles an
hour in the airship I propose to con
struct. Observers can come to see the
start and .'finish and I shall be at both
places in fulfillment of my agreement."
* Mahan's projected airship is* to be a
flying, machine, pure' and : simple. It
will have wings like unto those of a
bird and these wings will furnish the
sole progressive 'motive power," though'
they are to be worked bya gasoline en
gine. The inventor, declares that the
aeroplane can never, ; be> made to • fly.
The genuine. ..flying /machine, \ T he -says,
must be supported by' gas 'and wings
,will do . the - resti?«H§^ laughs ". a t£ pro^
pellers fixed at'the" stern "and^ declares:
that the : air is not resistant : enough to
give the propeller blades "a hold." \u25a0>.
- 'Mahan is an /engineer/ who Is known
all over the United States. '. ; .
TATONTY-THREE DIE
IN EAIE DISASTER
Electric Bound for
Liverpool Runs Into
Aiiotlier Train.
LIVERPOOL, July 27— An electric
express train on the Lancashire and
Yorkshire' road,- bound from Liverpool
to Southpbrt, collided this evening with
an empty stationary train at the Hall
liojui station, causing the death of
twenty-three persons and the injury
of many others. The car of; the ex
press, which was crowded, was smashed
to> pieces and only six of its occupants
escaped. The road was recently given
an electric equipment. ,
Almost tfmmediately after ] the crash
the wreckage burst into flames. The
mangled bodies of the dead and = the
erie? of: the injured vainly beseeching
that they be extricated from the burn-
Ing wreckage formed a terrible scene,
and. many women on the platform
fainted. The victims included several
women and children. Fortunately the
number of fatally injured Is compara
tively few. The cause of the collision
is unknown. \ . X
ZIONIST CONGRESS
IS WELL ATTENDED
Leading Forces of the Move
ment Are in Session in
Switzerland.
BASLE. Switzerland, July . 27.— Tho
seventh annual congress of "7ionJst3 open
ed here to-day In ..the Grand Hall -of t!>«
Casino de. la Ville. 'in the presence of
more than a thousand delegates repre-
Benting the leading forces of: the Zion
ist movement throughout the world.
There is an unusually strong delegation
f ronj the ; United States. After the de
livery of addresses of welcome -in behalf
of the city. Max Nordau pronouncs-i an
eloquent eulogy in memory of Dr. : Theo
dore Herzl, a founder of the Zionist
movement, this being the first anniver
sary, of his :•'. death. " The session was
suspended at 11 o'clock as a mark of xe
spect to the deceased leader.
The A merican delegation' includes Dr.
H«nry : Friendenwald of Baltimore, presi
dent of :tht-; American . Federation of Zion
ists;.. Assistant '\u25a0..'. States -. 'Attorney Leon
Zolotokoff *of ' Chicago, ; and ; 7 the Rev.
Judah L. Magnes /of Brooklyn, secretary
of the /American /delegation.
At the afternoon session . Dr. Max
Nordau- was elected f president. Dr. 1^
Friedenwald ; was among .the . assessors
namedj and -the Rev.- Mr.'Menges V ; was
chosen/as secretary, of the ', English
speaking, section. ,-'• . \u25a0\u25a0-'," -•.
Shonta , Confers; With Mngoon.
PANAMAi July^27.^ T Presldent Shbnts
and ': a party, of ; canal 'officers : went ; to-"
day ( to inspect -. the >roiite \ from Panama
toiCulebrar* Among the! subjects which
President; Shonts' has discussed .'.with
Governor S Masroon ,. ' was : the "construction
"of - quarters ?and , places J for i the ; recrea
.tion; of"' employes," to which ' much^ Im
portance Ms "A i definite . plan
willsoon:be?adopted. s ,v : v : ;;>;•
Japanese Ilnn^s Himself.
' SACRAMENTO/ July; 27.--J.Takawa, ; a
Japanese : : at-.the .! County ,';Hos
pitalr .committed; suicide early'^.this
morning -;by' :: hanging." Takawa -came
here from' Fresno, y : - V
INSURANCE
COMPANY IS
UNDER FIRE
Expert G-oes Aftei
i Mutual Reserve
Management.
Finds a Fixed Policy
of Delay in Set
tling Claims."
Says the Surplus Has Been
Exaggerated and Debts
f Concealed.
ALBANY, N. V., July 27.— Concealment
of judgments against/^ the Company
amounting r to. $182,767, exaggeration Vof ; its
surplus by more than $300,000; and a : fixed
policy of delay in settling /claims, sare
some, of the; chaiges- made 'against ; : the
Mutual Reserve Life Insurance Company
by Chief - Examiner Isaac Vanderpool', In
his report submitted "to (State Superin
tendent of Insurance Hendricks and. made
public to-day by him. ;--'";
The examination was * begun S last De
cember and. covers a period. back* to 1899.
The company! has headquarters l oin New
York City and claims assets ?of between
five and six millions. ; • '%? ' L" ' ;\u25a0.
£xamrner Vanderpool :" says -that; the
management, of the company ';, made ; ' no
mention of these judgments r ~ in "the. item
of liabilities reported for; the; year 1904. "
"Of the $ISI,'JI3 reported';byHhe';com
pany In its last annual statement as. being
due or accrued for: salaries,^ rents, office
'expenses,^ taxes, bills, : accounts; ;-' etc.,V
suys^he,'/ "$182,107, consisted 5 ; of '"Judgments
entered; against'this company.' ; vt {\u25a0Jncon
strained to^ believe thautlie> £~\i rh'of 'this
Itern^ af torj tM»j'|mttnner rstatetJ ; co"uld r not
'have^been^tftiT'j' result' of lan ? inadvertence
and : certainly- constituted ."a
of : facts^sumcientiito render, the -^com
pany's : sworh^ statement j for 1904 mate
rially inaccurate." \u25a0'\u25a0',' . ' V
"Furthtr, variations in addition to those
appearing in credit* assets and policy, re
serve, as between the figures published in
the company's last annual -statement and
similar items embodied in this report,' are
prouueed in'the'* item of unpaid death
claims since "December 31, 1904.V They; are
returned in"; the- annual : statement of the
company at $7'j6,704. As the result of this
examination : the amount is shown to be
$sai,43o. \u25a0;•:' >: \u25a0 ' \u25a0, . '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .. -:\u25a0 \u25a0.: •\u25a0
' DELAY IN PAYING CLAIMS.
, '.'The ' \ company's . . last annual ' state
ment," says the report, "produces a so
called surplus*", of ."\u25a0 unassigned .funds
amounting to $359,212. The', examination
just completed -. fixes this item at $33,492."
The report shows in ' detail how Insur
ance amounting to at one time $1,943,000
finally yielded its beneficiaries $906,656,
there having" been deducted $293,655 on
account of; an 'indebtedness ascertained
by the. company. to, ; exist against the as
sured,' with a further deduction of $722,686
retained by^ the'eompany for various al
leged violations of contract by the in
sured. \u25a0. '; ; : "
"Making allowance for the time it may
occupy to thoroughly investigate all
Questionable : death claims," says .the
examiner, "I; think that as the result of
this examination it is quite clearly .in
evidence that the company has adopted
a settled policy of delay in withholding
tha'arproval necessary to' constitute^ an
admission \u25a0by • it ? of the' receipt of satis
factory evidence, of death in the case "of
all claims under policies or certificates is
sued while the company was operating
under article ; 6 of the Insurance law.
From the ; date of such approval ninety
days is the specified time within which
payment* is "to -be '', made. The > average
period , elapsing '• between . the filing of
proofs •of death, which 9 were upon | 'in
vestigation' ultimately found Ho be valid
plalms, is ' so ; lengthy; as? to properly sub
ject ' the company ' to' the severest critic
ism in its treatment of those beneficiaries,
many of \ whom' must jbe \ subjected -to no
little suffering and distress by this seem
ingly r inexcusable '.procrastination on - the
company's; part r- In the of Its
Just debts to policy-holders.
FUND ;IS ABANDONED.
"In 1895 -the' deDartment recommendea
that" the; company .establish a sinking
fund to offset .the \ depreciation of leases.
The suggestiohiwas. adopted, but, says
the os ammer, : iVthe \u25a0 f uhd ) appears to have
been abandoned some V time,; for^ ln ten
years It has reached t but . $56,949. .The' sum
of V; Jl^.OK) -' has,-' however, > been - borrowed
from this ''-. f und ? a nd ;, Is ? charged ! to .' mor-,
tuary r occounti ' tThe balance," therefore,
after ' the"; loan \u25a0to Uhe : latter I account, re
duces the" sinking-fund to $14,949,- Instead
of : $1(S 00J, the amount , should now
be i represented K under.;-. the ; Tecomraenda- \u25a0
tion made* ln'lB9s^byj the appraiser. of the
insurance (department." . : ; \u25a0
The report • alleges "I that commissions
paid I by. the ' Mutual ; Fund,;for
securing ithe- membership? of} the - North
western : Life-insurance';: Company ; of ; Chi
cago*: in , 1900 • "never \ seem to have been
received Jbyj .'it. :lThe: receiver's" report since
the • reinsurance *: was ; effected , show.f'no
revenue; from*: thisii source. »::- The \u25a0 commis
sion Twent; tbfthirdi parties." .: : * : ; ": :, !
?\u25a0 -Frederick :A: Burnham - is ;. president of
the Mutual Reserve Life; Insurance Com
;pany. r . '--i.yX'rhZ *;.v"-'ii --^''-- : .' ; ';'}.-,
Alleged Murdercata • Conimlts . Suicide.
iM OKLAHOMA >-CITY.i July 27.^-Mrs.
Harry -Norton\was [arrested, at Shawnee
to-day vf or.r, the imurder/; of ,v Mrs. ;> Kate
James \u25a0 near jWeatherf ord, , \u25a0 Qkla.V .%.; on
July.' 8, v ahdf within i an \ hour,; committed
sulcideibyi' taking/ poison>- She ;f denied
being guilty of • the crlrrie.v, •?: -\ r: \u25a0 -\u0084;--.
Hnrrdnan Reolssi • From. Directory.
NEW YORK, /£ Juiy formation
was v; received ¥':ere:jto-day^liat>E. H H.
Harrimam has^resighed ; ;f rom "; the direct
tory f of ;ithe|Denver \u25a0 and; Rio . Grande
Railroad. — - ••-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .•\u25a0-- \u25a0 «\u25a0•-." •- • - -
TRAIN CRUSHES OUT LIFE OF
A FRIGHTENED WOMAM.
Mrs. Winifred Yunker of 15 1 3 JVoe- street was instantly killed by an
incoming train at Ocean View yesterday morning at Q:2g o'clock. The
young woman was a happy wife and mother, and it is believed that she
became frightened when she saw the train and fell helpless on the track.
Ocean View Station
Scene of Cruel
Tragedy.
TWO MEN WITNESS
SHOCKWqSEVENT
Happy Young Wife
Is Instantly
Killed.
-» \u25a0 .
GRJEVING HUSBAND
VISITS THE MORGUE
-; Rendered helpless, by fright caused by
the sudden approach of a railroad train,
Mrs. ; .Winnif red iYunkef, . a young wife
and mother, happy and with everything
to-live: for,": was struck and instantly
killed by a San Jose local near the
Ocean View_ station -.early .yesterday
morning Eye witnesses of the tragedy
gained : the impression that the r woman
deliberately: placed her head upon the
rail, but thehusband emphatically de
nies that his Wife had a thought 'of sui
cide. The ; witnesses say that the wo
man ; was .walking-- near the track and
tried to; recross-' before the '.' oncoming
engine. V When the train >as , upon her
she stopped' and "the \u25a0horrified' onlookers
saw her sink; to the~ ground and place
her hands before her^TeyesV* '
v>VLast I night ° the mangled body . was
identified by Louis Yuhker, a painter of
1513 : Noe | street; ' as^that ~of r/his v" wife,
,Wihnifrea;L;Tand .{histsTl^t -i; was" 7. heart 1
rehding.\i He; told -of Hheir r f6ur:yearsV of
happy j. married me ;'\u25a0 and :_ sobs
spoke ;»'of .£tti e~s little 7 three-year-old r boy,
.Walter,* left -motherless -by* ther.lragredy,;
ahd.\of - a -father, ; mother, ..sister, ; and
brother Heft- to mourn the young woman's
, fate. > ", :. Yuhker | says ?--, that i on .- a fprey ious
occasion ! when \ they, -both .vlsltedi. Mrs.*.
Ida ; Tlmms.Va sister of. the dead : woman",
they were. n walking :. the track 'when- a
train drew near and it was. only his
presence of mind that saved his 'wife, . as
she was trembling violently and- strug
gling toward the track. [\u25a0. ' \ ;
;Al ichael g Logue of , 234 g Sickles avenue.
Ocean; View, gives a graphic description
of the accident. He says the woman was
seen --.wulkins the track, -north | of . the
Ocean - : View station' as -the: San -Jose
local No. 41 left at 9:23 a..m. The engi
neer, Hallock Bromley, blew, a long blast
and the woman left the , track. *. The train
gained . rapid headway and when it" was
within- twenty, feet of •. the .woman the
horrified . onlookers saw- her ; return to the
track -and. sink to .the ground, with her
head upon the I rall.^ The I lookout in- the
station tower says that ' the .woman
placed her ? hands to her face as she -lay
down on the rail.. . ,-.*.*. ,
\u25a0The; encine was reversed, but .too late
to save the victim. Fore
wheels and j drivers passed | over - the little
woman, crushing and . maiming,; car after
car following, and when' the train j came
to. a standstill; an almost .unrecognizable
mass: of . flesh- and , clothing was; drawn
from beneath the last car. The woman's
light brown hair ' r ~. was : found ' twisted in
one of the axles of .a; car truck. \
When the body, was taken out the upper
portion ; of ' the head was - gone i, and the
features were unrecognizable. There was
a deep gash in the left shoulder, another
over the right hip: and the left foot was
severed at the instep. \ Patrolman A. M.
Jewell i. was soon [on J the scene . and j had
the statements of Logue and the watch
man. He" arrested '\u25a0; Bromley, -who was
later, released on $50 ball. ..The Coroner's
wagon arrived soon . and '; the
unidentified woman; was J removed to the
Morgue. AUpon arrival ; there ,. an immedi
ate "\u25a0* search . was made ". by i the i Coroner's
men, but no mark or card gave a clew
to';ideritity. In an imitation sealskin
handbag was a black purse : containing
money ! and the' cards of two physicians.
A half punched shoe-polish f ticket was
also found, but inquiry, at the store failed
to ' throw any; light on the Identity. The
physicians ; also denied ".any- knowledge of
the „ woman. After " that, Inquiry was
made^ at all the various ; stores \u25a0• whose
names » were ; found jon the clothing, but
without : avail. ' ;.-..; , . . v
It i was not •• until nearly 9 o'clock last
night that Yunker reported to the 'police
of the Seventeenth-street station that: his
wife i was ; missing and j had j gone , to Ocean
.View.' He was; told to call at the Morgue
and * there made - a { heartrending scene as
he I ideritl fledi the :=: mangled ~, body fof *\u0084 his
.wife. •; He -i made": an,* ldentification,?- which
was co nfirmed ; by the ; father," and brother
of .; the • dead . womanJ I : Yunker said his
I wife I had boarded a trolley car for Ocean
View^cto visit;, her "sister.^- As was^fre-,
ciuently [ the , case she : must ' have left" the
carinnd started \u25a0to .walk .the track ". to her
sister's house, iHe explained the presence
of J the 'physicians' i cards by ; saying: that
his wife had an, attack of .indigestion and
was going to ask her; sister to accompany
her ,to \u25a0 a physician's \u25a0 ofßce. y
}LAN OF TWENTY^SIX
WEDS A GRANDMOTHER
Becomes Tliird Husband of
Pound : ;
; VVVoinan. ; , \u25a0
:'A ILARAMIE,'Wyo.^JuIyi27.—-Walter.;1 LARAMIE,'Wyo.^Julyi27.— -Walter.; E.
Dremmen,;aßed'itwenty-sixi years, find
Mrs. ' Emma^Jondro.} both^of i Colorado
Springs; s were' married* here ithisjafter^
no6ril\'-The*brideiis r a'grandmother,'has
been^twice? married .? before 'and" weighs
30 '"pounds. * Dremmen j. weighs less \ than
half thatTamount.' The -bride 'and ibride-^
groom* are^Jdeeply^inf atuated' wlth^ each
'oth'erja nd | made ;^rio -'effort • to conceal
their!joy;in;pu6lic. ' V; - ; ;i v - ;r > *
THE THEATEK3.
ALCAZAR— "Th»H««rt or a Ootsha."
CHUTES — "Princes* F«» I Tan." Matl
\ ne *- . \u25a0
CENTRAL^- "Bhi« Jeaaa."
GRANr>-"J«wtsh Vlei Kin*/'
ORPHEtTM — Vaud«vUl*.° '
TTVOLJ— "Rob Roy."
MRS. WIN'NIFRED. TUNKER, A ,TOUXG MARRIED WOMAN. WHO "THREW
.HERSELF ON- THE TRACK BEFORE AN INCOMING SAN JOSE TRAIN
. YESTERDAY MORNING AND WAS INSTANTLY KILLED.
NEW CRIUSER
PENNSYLVANIA
IS A SUCCESS
Exceeds Her Contract Speed
the Final Accept
ance Trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW.; YORK. July > 27.— The first and
only ;ship": of . the "United States navy
that haslexceeeded-- her : f contract speed
when in "charge of : a regular comple
ment of -; officers and [ men of - the navy
is the; armored: cruiser ; - Pennsylvania,'
which arrived off Tompkinsvllle to-dayj
having- just* finished/ her final, accept
ance trial. ; In command of Captain Mc-
Lean, rthe . Pennsylvania, had^on-bbard
a naval i- board of .Inspection, and sur
vey. :-. Heavier: by\ 800 ; tons -than on .the
day of her" official = trail ; trip in ; Novem
ber .' last" off Cape ? Ann, the cruiser; for.
f oUr hours maintained " a speed of ? 22.08
knots. T ; In « November, with a^ displace^
merit 0f .v14,300 tons -with picked coal
and a • picked : crew ,;f rom \u25a0 the .works of
the builders, .William;' S. Cramp ; Sons,
the cruiser made .a -record 0f^22.43
knots. \u25a0 .". c '/.'\u25a0 '\u25a0.:\u25a0 .;-\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0 '.- :.:;-.•
' Edwin •S. Cramp, - who ! , was -on - the
cruiser ; during j the c trial," ; said - the ; per
formancei was .-highly s : creditable", to the
crew ! in the engine and . fire rooms. • : "
..; The (trial*; conducted on the run from»
Newpo rt; to; Cape? May.'j place, ! tho «t« t Penn
sylvania-at \ the . v head .of » the armored
vessels of -the \u25a0 navy » in . regard \u25a0 to k speed.
The; record- is considered as 'exceptional
ibecausej of •. the fact;that -the,-Pennsyl
vania has hot, been tin. the drydock ? since
November.v ; *- , ri \u25a0\u25a0.','"..::'.-: :- . .\u25a0 ;.'•'':
Balf onr ,*\VUI _ Entertain Lodse.
\ * LONDON/ July :27:-^Mr.'Balfour ,will
give \u25a0-* a'; luncheon - : in '1 honor ,*of £ Senator
Lodge "i of f Massachusetts <in the I House
of ' Commons f to-morrow.
Reid, r* the^sarriel evening,- willr;give"a
dinner : In* honor/bf Senator -Lodged Gen
e'ral^Miles and _' Assistant 1 Secretary 'of
State"* Lbomis. -" -^z •-'--•'- . . - ; . '\u25a0'< • ••\u25a0-" '•
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FREED FROM
MILLIONAIRE
MINING MAN
Sami; Bernard's: Wife
iGets decree in Fif
.;?; teen Minutes.
Special DUpatcb to Th* Call.
COLORADO SPRINGS. July, 27.— Less
than • fifteen minutes after ] her suit had
been filed to-day Mrs. Lulu S. Bernard
was divorced from \u25a0 Sam S. Bernard in
the County Court. Tho ; plaintiff charged
her husband with indifference, which had
caused her mental suffering and impaired
her - health. - He entered , a general j denial,
but did not appear in court nor resist the
granting of a decree. The details were
arranged in advance. /
Bernard, who Is rated at more than a
million. • gave - Mrs. : Bernard $100,000, and
she was allowed the custody of the only
child, a son. aged; 13. -,
* Bernard is an enthusiastic .' horseman.
He is president of the El Paso Gold Min
ing.* Company, owning a rich Cripple
Creek mine, and, with his brqther. George
S. . Bernard, is largely interested In the
Elkton property. He "is- a member of
several of the leading clubs of Colorado.
A few; years I ago 'the brothers t were gro
cers in Missouri and had little. They
were early arrivals at Cripple Creek and
were fortunate. Bernard married in Mis
souri fifteen years ago.
FOUR 31E.V ARC KILLED
IX ? FREIGHT : TRAIX AVRECK
[HELENA. Mont., July 27.— Four men
[ were killed to-day by the wrecking of
:an eastbound. freight "'train on - the
Northern Pacific between Myers' and
Big Horn, about • seventy ;- miles east of
Billings. The washing^ out ; of ; an iron
bridge over^a^ small stream caused the
engine and* four cars to plunge into the
stream. IBflflBRM
\u25a0 "The dead:
JAMES WILSON, engineer. Forsyth.
V' ED WARD \u25a0„ LUCIFER, fireman, For
syth. iv ; ". : r v-s : - - r . . , \u25a0 ,; .
TWO UNKNOWU TRAMPS.
Injured: John Campbell, braktman,
;jrorsyth;'on«-unknown*ma«.^ "2
MY MAKE PACT
WITH GERMANY
Officials Believe America
Will Enter Into Keciproc
ity Treaty in the Fall
QUESTION FOR SENATE
Existing Trade Arrangement
Between the Two Countries
Will Lapse in November
* WASHINGTON, July 27. -^Germany's
commercial relations with the United
States will be among the most important
subjects to come before the Senate at
th<> next session of Congress. Having
negotiated n<»w commercial arrangements
with Belgium. Italy. Russia, Roumanla
and S<rvia, Germany is anxious to make
a similar convention with the United
States. The new treaties already con
cluded become effective on March 1 and
preliminary notice has been received
that the German treaty with this country
will be allowed to lapse about November
10. • ':.'•-'\u25a0
A thorough understanding exists, how
ever, between Washington and Berlin
regarding the reasons for ending this
treaty. The matter has been discussed
at length by the President and Baron
Bpeck yon Sternburg. the German Em
basa<lor. the latter having communicated
Ormany's earnest wish to conclude a
new treaty with this country which will
be equally helpful to the trade of each
country. Upon his return to Washing
ton In the autumn. Baron yon Stern
hurg will have full instructions for the
programe to be followed and upon his
proposals will depend in a measure the
policy to be followed by this Govern
ment.
The lapse of the treaty coming late In
November, it is believed, will bring the
subject to consideration by the Senate.
Because of the effect upon American ex
ports, which without a treaty will be
obliged to pay the maximum rates of
the German tariff, the officials here be
lieve the Senate will consent to the rati
fication of a treaty, which, in return for
certain reductions on German imports,
\u25a0will give advantageous schedules to
American goods entering Germany.
CARTER TO CO3BIAND
LAKES "DEPARTMENT
General Will Return to
the States From the
Philippines.
WASHINGTON". July 27.— The War
Department to-day relieved Brigadier
General W. H. Carter from command
of the Department of Visayas, Philip
pine Islands, and assigned . him to the
command of the Department of the
Lakes. Brigadier General James A.
Buchanan, now in the Philippines, is
ordered to command the Department of
the Visayas. Brigadier General W. N.
Edgerly, who is relieved of the com
mand of the Department of Luzon by
General Tusker, is ordered to report to
the commanding general of the Philip
pine division for assignment to duty.
Lomax $.'?..*>(• Guaranteed Shoe*.
me Dest Miot value on tne maricst. Lomai
S2 3G. an<3 *.» 50 s-hoes for men. 10 Fourth st.
STATEMENT lII UECEIVER
OK TOPEKA NATIONAL U.VXK
l.uiliiliiirt> Exceed Assets Known to Be
Good by Nearly a Million
Dollars.
WASHINGTON. July 27. — The first re
port of the receiver of the First Na
tional Bank of Topeka, Kar.s., which
closed its doors on July 3, has been re
ceived by the Comptroller. The receiver
clafsilles the assets of the bank as
follows: Good. $756,684; doubtful,
$1.222.4G5; worthless. $139,156. Lia
bilities: Individual deposits, $1,122,
737; certificates of deposits, $318,956;
due to national banks, $99,334; due to
other banks and bankers. $12,114; un
paid drafts outstanding, $106, 509; other
liabilities, $605.- Total, $1,660,557.
In submitting this report the receiver
states that he has found much difficulty
in estimating the value of the Devlin
collaterals, and that his estimate of
such collaterals may not even approx
imately indicate what may be finally
realized therefrom.
.New Rural Carriers Named.
WASHINGTON. July 27. — The follow
ing appointments have been made in
the rural carrier force in California:
Healdsburg — Oscar Day (farrier; Alice
K. Day substitute; Los Angeles — Artha
Foster carrier. Richard C. Foster sub
stitute; Santa Barbara — George H.
Carter carrier, Rolla Newman substi
tute.
j£hZLS.%CIIU3 tr (tO.
Jxclusi ti c
Clothiers
No Branch Stores and No Aecnts.
/
THOSE REPINED DETAILS
SHOWING CLOTHES SCIENCE
ARE IN THE GENERAL GET-UP
DP OUR SMART CLOTHES
AND READILY RECOGNIZED
BY MO-ST GOOD DRESSERS.
PARDON US IN STATING
THERE ARE NONE BETTER.
"Stleophobli"
9. commercial disease
that renerally attacks
Jarpain - Sale Clothiers.
\V« haven't that disease;
we have the rlsht goods.
fsLearntjJStreet
SThurlotu Slock
YELLOW FEVER PATIENTS
NUMBER TWO HUNDRED.
Total of Fifty Deaths
Reported From
New Orleans.
CASE IN FLORIDA
\u25a0 -
People in Alarm Make
Efforts to Flee
From City.
WYMAN IN CHARGE
NEW ORLEANS. July 27.— A1l the
forces engaged In the battle against the
yellow fever scourge to-day joined in
expressing the belief that while the situ
ation has been and is serious, enough
success has j already been achieved .to
justify the hope that for the nr?t time
in the history of the country .what
threatened to be a malignant epidemic
FRENCH MARKET. WHERE YELLOW FEVER FIRST- APPEARED. AND WHERE
IT W THICKEST IN NEW ORLEANS, AND SURQKON GENERAL WYMAN,
WHO" WILL TAKK CHARGE, IN STRICKKN- GITY-FOR THE GOVERNMENT.
of yellow fever will be stamped out be-~
fore the frost comes, and that New Or
leans will be spared the horrors of pre"-
vious epidemics. ; -
With the cases reported to-day, the ag
gregate tince July 13 runs close to 200.-
These are included in twenty to twenty
five districts, including the \u25a0 sections
around the French market, where tbo
fever first appeared and where a large
proportion of the fatalities have oc
curred. This section runs from Saint
Ann to Barrack street and from Chartres
to the river, including about forty
blocks. Italians here are prone to avoid
physicians, and the fever got' a foot
hold in the district before it became
known to the authorities. No precau
tions were taken to destroy the mosquito
and the scourge spread with great rapid
ity. From the cheap and crowded lodg
ing houses the Italians who could get
away fled, some going to friends in other
sections of the city, some by rail to sur
rounding towns, and some to settlements
along the coast. The result is the ap
pearance of cases of fever in various
parts of the city, but principally below
Canal street in neighborhoods of ;the
poorer clases. Almost every Instance of
a new focus outslde-of the French market
district is that of an Italian who es
caped therefrom or of some one of a
different nationality whose business was
in the section.
FIFTY ON THE DEATH LIST.
Ab far as the health .authorities were
able to discover to-day, no case has thus
far developed from outside of any of the
fully infected districts and with a very
few exceptions the deaths have been
among the Italians. Illustrating this
fact, a report for 2* hours made officially,
by the State board shows thirteen cases
and six deaths, nearly all of them being
Italians. This brings the total number
of deaths to 50. ; '
A great cleaning up has begun. Every
ward has been thoroughly organized
with precinct organizations . radiating
from. the major body.- ':\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0; ' j
"Cleaning up streets and remoytng 'dirt
from gutters is energy all thrown away,"".
declared President Konke of the v^.ty-
Board of Health to a committee of citi
zens who called to consult him on the
\u25a0subject. "Screen cisterns and drain
standing water from premises where it
abounds," said he.
The Emergency Hospital, which has
been fitted out for the care of yellow
fever patients, was in full operation to
day. It is in an old three-story building
in the rear of the French quarter, 'me
hospital will be operated at its full ca
pacity, patients being removed to it from
all sections of the city in a screened am
bulance, which has already been pro
vided. ; . ; .
A vi6it to the French market section
to-day gave little visible evidence of the
serious epidemic that has prevailed in
that cuarter. Two weeks of hard work
by the public cleaning gangs showed in
the eeneral cleanliness of the surround
ings, but there was no excitement among
the residents. \u0084 • • .
Every avenue of egress from the city
has been closed by the rigid quarantine.
Unlnfected sections of the city are dis
couraging any further invasions by .Ital
ians. It Is considered wiser for them to
remain where they are at present and
where they are to be charitabiycared for
If In distress and nursed if ill.
PEOPLE LEAVING THE CITY.
The detention camps established by the
marine hosoital service In order to en
(able persons to leave the city who want
to get into sections Quarantined against
New Orleans were opened to-day. Per
mits to enter these camps areto be.ob
talned from the headquarters', of the
marine hospital service here. This Is to
be required in order that each applicant
may be examined, the hospital, service
not desiring " to send into \u25a0 the detention
camps persons who are likely to become
iv, thereby establishing new centers of
Infection. ; . . ;
There is somewhat of an exodus from
New Orleans. Some* heads of fam
ilies are sending their wives and children
elsewhere and . men whose business has
suffered by . the. appearance of .the fever
'Mississippi, Alabama, Texas or Lousl-
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. . FRTDAY,,.JULY 28,. 1903.
are taking advantage of the opportunity
to^take. slimmer, vacations.- •• ."\u25a0,.-. '. ••
4i fsjdlni6st:; impossible to got into
a'riiv'tbyvTis' without;. detention. >\u0084Quarant
ines »are'.'beMig'''mlitle .constantly 'more
\ rigid since 'the.- Board of Health began
Ito- hiake public the number of cases
| and deaths. "Mississippi is' sending- her
right into New Orleans.
'. Every passenger, is examined and the
j tickets of through passengers scrutin
\u25a0 Ired to prevent uny one from attempt
ling to get into the State by surreptl
: tious means.
The Louisville and Nashville guards
appear at the State line, the doors of
the cars are locked, and there is no
chance given a passenger to leave the
train. ,No attempt is being made .by
passengers, except those bound through
to go' out, over either the Texas' and
Pacific of the Southern Paciflc.
In' many country, towns there was a,
disposition among' the- medical men to
accept the mosquito theory 'and, there
fore, to'- modify- the" quarantine regula
tions. : The masses of the people, how
'evef, take . a different view and the
fact that there are 200 cases in New
Orleans ha'sbeen sufficiently. terrorizing
to fdrce them:to demand that there
snail ! be absolutely no communication
with infected points. ' "
TAMPA,,. Flu.. July 27.— Dr.' Joseph
Y. Porter, State! Health Officer, has is
sued an official statement to the effect
that Victor- Vjtello, an Italian who ar
rived here last Saturday from New Or
leans, is suffering from a mild attack
of yellow fever. <• * . ' -' • - " :
WASHINGTON, July 27.— Surgeon
General Wyrrian," Of the Public Health
and Marine, Hospital Service, returned
to the city to : day and will take charge
of the service's dampaign against yel
low fever at' New. Orleans.
bonds; of-^philippines
AS FEDERAL SECURITY
New Order Issued by Secre
tary of the Treasury
WASHINGTON, July 27.-Secretary
Shaw has authorized the statement that
/on and after August 1, 19*05, and' until
further notice Philippine land purchase
4 per cent bonds (issue $7.000. WO), Philip
pine one year certificates* (amount-out
standing $3,000,000), Philippine public
works and improvement bonds (Issue
$1,000,000) will be accepted as security
for existing deposits of public money 'ln
national banks in substitution for United
States bonds now held as security for
such deposits, on condition that the
Government bonds thus released be j Im
mediately used "as a. basis for additional
bank note circulation.
This additional circulation need not
be taken out by the particular bank
whose bonds are thus released but can
be used for an Increase of circulation, in
any existing banks, the purpose being to
bring about an Increase of circulation
preparatory, to the ; crop moving periods.
NEW YORK BROKER .REFUSES |
TO TESTIFY BEFORE JURY
Declines to Answer : Q.uentionM Bearing
on the Cotton Report Scandal In the
Asricultural , Department. - .
WASHINGTON. July 27.— F. A.-Peck
ham, a" New York broker, who | was be
fore the Grand \u25a0 Jury/ investigating \u25a0 the
cotton : report leakage ; to-day, . refused
to answer -questions j ; to his
dealings in- agricultural % products '.% and
was notified by DistrictJAttorney Beach
that unless he : changed^ his ; mlnd \by
the; time the Grand | JUry,(c6nvened to
morrow he will report ' his recalcitrancy
to i Judge \u25a0 Wr igh t, twho ;v al ready- £ has
given 'public notice! of ?his; intention?; to
punish any,«witneBs refusing to reply, to
proper .questions. v; Thel penalty.*; is ; im
prisonment. - \u25a0
BISHOP JOYCE
ANSWERS THE
LAST SUMMONS
MINNEAPOLIS. July ' 28.— Methodist
Episcopal Bishop Isaac "W. Joyce died at
his home at 1:20 o'clock this morning as
the result of. a cerebral Hemorrhage and
\u25a0consequent; attack of paralysis, which he
••while delivering a sermon' at
the Red jßock^iiinn.jl cawn rhefiting on
'July 2. " • ' f. '- -••' ;
\. "Bishop Joyce, who was €9 -years of age,
came to Minnesota six years ago. Prev
ious to that time he -had been presiding
.Bishop of the Methodist missionary Held
work in China and Japan. It is said of
him that he has spoken in the cause of
religion in every civilized country in the
world.
Death of Captain William Fry.
ST. LOUIS. July 27.— The funeral. of
Captain William Fry! who died Wed
nesday at his homo in Charleston, 111.,
was heid to-day at the Fry residence.
Captain Fry, who was 74 years old;
was one of " the most prominent and
wealthy citizens of "Charleston. From
1562 to ISOf, he served sis provost mar
shal by appointment of President Lin
coln for the First District' of Illinois.
He, is survived by two sisters, Mrs.
George W. Ware "of Jcrseyville and
Mrs. J. D. . Fry of San Francisco.
ERROR DISCOVERED
IN COTTON REPORT
Revised Statement Mistaken
in Reference to the J line
\ WASHINGTON. July. 27.-In the re
vised cotton report issued yesterday by
the Department of Agriculture, an <error
was committed In the ] second paragraph
which made it appear 'that the. June esti
mate by- Hyde, was made .''lower" than
the facts at | hand \u25a0" warranted, when in
fact it was made "higher/ The .errone
ous statement has been corrected by the
department., - j \u25a0. • • -
ARMY ORDERS.
WASHINGTON, July .27.— Army or
ders:. Sergeant 'Peter>,P.-. Franklin, hos
pital. corptv army general hospital
the Presidio,. San, Francisco, will be
sent to the Philippines on' the transport
. leaving San Francisco . . about \ August
5. ' On arrival, at. Manila he , will report
to the commanding general... of~ the
Philippines! Divisiom for assignment to
duty. SecondV' Lieutenant's Alvin . iB.
Barber, Thomas H." 'Emerson and Arthur
R. Ehrnbeuk will "proceed to San/Fran
cisco and report to the commanding
general for assignment to" duty "with
Companies C and D, of. the first -bat
talion of engineers: on -the . arrival of
those companies at/Safl^Francisco. Sec
ond 'Lieutenant, Ja'rvis .<B.V.;:BainV',wlll
proceed 1 to;'] Fo'f tVL,ea.Yert^vorth. v iKahs..
and report 0 to \u25a0'M^jor.'' Thomas H. .<Re.es
for asslgnment^to ; duty, with- Companies
C and D_\or\ the / first battalion \ of ,en--'
glneerF- and accompany ". those, compei
nles to San Frajiclsco. ' *."';• v.
, Second Lieutenants Robert's.^Thom
as, Car-los J. Stolbrand. = Roger. G. . Pow
ell and' John i N. Hodges wilUproceed to
San Francisco and report; to' the 'com-,
mandlng: general of the Department of
California for^duty. until the sailing; of
the Ilrst .traps.ROrt, when . they^will pro-"
ceed : to the;Phlilpp|ne Islands and re
port .to- the .Commanding, "officers of
Companies . A :. and Bii Of the I first V bat-;
tallon of engineers for assignment 'to;
duty. ; Captalm Dlxon,-. on* j temporary
duty , at Omaha, } will proceed " to *\u25a0 : Sari
Francisco- and take . a transport i about
October 5 iand proceed; to the} Philip^
pines?a.nd report to the commanding?
general of. th£ Philippine Division for
assignments duty.- \u25a0'•-. V ; " ,<
'.'- A ,vboard^r^conslstlng :; of
Frank A. Grant," quartermaster, and John
T. • Donnelly,', superintending? engineer > of
the army . : trim sport V v : service •: at )% San
Francisco,; has ; been "appointed", to meet
at Seattle for the purpose of Inspecting
the 1 steamship VLleute~ant;'G'eorgre^ HI
Harris, now being built underJcon tract
at; Seattle. > : :• . \u25a0;:- y
\u25a0--'. ST. ,. PAUL/. July 27.— Albert E. Loutzen
heuser, -. charged J" with, the ''.embezzlement *•. at
$W. 000" of t the ': f nflHs nof t the * First; - N&tlonal
Bank ibt \u25a0 Duluth.* of whlth :.he was : teller • until
December 21 last, • was arrested here to-day.
RECEIVER
ASKED FOR
EQUITABLE
Over Forty Policy Holders
Join-, in a Suit in Effort
to Have the Affairs of
the Big Society Wound Up
ACCUSE DJKECTOKS
OF GIIOSS FIiAUDS
Declare That Corporation
Is Insolvent and That an
, Accounting Should Be
Made to Interested Parties
NEW ...YORK, July . 27.— 1n the form ot
an amended complaint to a bill filed last
April, suit was \u25a0 begun to-day In the
United States Circuit Court for the
Southern New York. District to throw
the entire »421,(K"0.0u) of the assets of the
Equitable Life Assurance Society into the
hands of rtceivers, who snail '"take pos
session of all the funds, asset 3 and prop
erty held by the defendant society of
every character and description' and ad
minister the same aa they may be di
rected by the court." c .'\u25a0
"More than forty policy holders in the
Equitable, representing a dozen different
States, are included as complainants in
the prtesnt suit, w.i.cn.la based in part
upon the allegation that the society has
no funds with wmch to meet its enormous
losses, and is insolvent.
With J. Wilcox Brown of Maryland, the
holder of a Jio.OOO policy, as complainant,
papers were filed last, Aril to compel a
distribution of . the $54,000,000 surplus fund
of the society, to compel the manage
ment to make an accounting to the policy
holders, and for the appointment of re
ceivers for the surplus fund, pending
judicial ascertainment of the rights of the
policy holders thereto. Since the filing
of that bill permission has been obtained
to file an nmended complaint: Since the
original bill was filed, forty-four other
policy holders have intervened in the suit.
CHARGES "OK FRAUD MADE.
In the amended bill; which '* is .far
more sweeping in its .charges and? in.
its appeal fpr. relief than was the orig
inal billof last April, there are'.incor-"
porated many citations from' the Frlck
and Hendricks reports," published some
months later. .The bill 'alleges that the
society has been guilty,. 6f mismanage
ment in syndicate transactions, that
"unreasonable and \ excessive" salaries
have been paid, and that "large sums
of money, ranging from $20,000 to $37.
000.000, belonging to the said : insur
ance funds of the society. Were allowed
by It to remain uninvested on deposit
in banks and trust companies without
adequate interest, in many of which"
banks and trust companies the said
-officers and directors of the society, or
many of them, were large. stockholders,
for^ the purpose of securing pecuniary
benefit to such directors individually;
and such undue-and unreasonable cash
hnbinces existed since at least the year
1900."' " '\u25a0 '' " " ' : '. ''''
After reviewing the purchase of the
Hyde ! stock by Thomas F.~ Ryan.- the
complaint denies the legality of the
election . of directors who are not
stockholders of the company. The com
plaint continues:
"The assurance funds held by the
society have been fraudulently and neg
lectfully handled and are being wast
ed and mismanaged, and lost to the
extent of many millions' of dollars.. It
is without a legally chosen board of
directors and the real value of the
property held by it is unknown and
speculative." - ...
. WOULD END ITS EXISTEIVCE.
Reverting to a statement that the de
fendant society "has willfully and neg
lectfully and fraudulently mismanged,
and. through its officers and agents, mis
appropriated' the said assurance funds,"
the complaint asserts that "the said de
fendant is wholly unable to repay the
amount of such wasted and misappro
priated money to,sald fund for the benefit
of your annuitants, and your orator avers
that the said defendant is wholly insolv
ent in-conseauence thereof." » .\u25a0• v -
It is further added that "the property
of the defendants is now in the hand 3 or
under ; the control •of the stockholders
whose representatives have been- guilty
of misappropriation, • waste, fraud arid
neglect in the management of its affairs
and property. The business affairs of the
society, are at a standstill; its morale as
an insurer -is destroyed;: Whatever busi
ness- it. may do will be- at an •\u25a0 enormous
loss and sacrifice on the part of , the pres
ent policy holders; Their supreme. Inter
est is to place its assets in the hands of
competent receivers appointed by this
court and to gradually,' prudently and
economically 'wind up the affairs of the
company. In this way only can the pol
icy holders and annuitants be protected
from- eventual" And : irretrievable loss."
In conclusion the amended complaint
prays relief as • follows: 'f -
"That the defendant society produce
and make dlscoverey of all books, papers^
records' and ! documents in its possession
or under its control, or tnat of its offi
cers or agents, relating to the' matters
aforesaid, and deposit the same in the
office of the clerk for the usual pur
poses. ._' :i ..;-...'"
"That, an accounting be ordered and
taken • under the court of 'all dealings and
transactions! of the defendant society, its
officers, *.- agents arid stockholders, about
said \u25a0 surplus and assurance funds, from
the commencement of the business of the
society, '-or for such, other period as the
court deems proper." : iV>
WILL CUT PENSIONS.
Equitable Will Lop Off Many of the Old
DeoeflctarleH.
NEW -YORK, July 27.— The directors of
the Equitable. -Life Assurance Society
held two meetings to-day 'covering a pe
riod of three hours. The first was an ad
journed session- from yesterday and the
business included the eleotlon of George
L. ; Vleter of this city and Ernest B.
Kruttschnltt "i of -New Orleans, to the
board.The office of chairman was aboli
shed as previously announced. The com
mittee T;dn;; pensions; reported and in al
most;every:instance its recommendations
were adopted. -
. : A number i of -pensions will be.discon
tinued entirely : and others reduced; to
50 per cent of the - salaries • received .by
officials or employes . at : the "; time of the
severance \ of . their active connection ;with
the company. -A \u0084;.'• ..'<;\u25a0• ;'-'-: • •.
; 1 1 ' developed to-day; that, in addition ' to
the • pension of' $25,000 a year \u25a0to the widow
of '\u25a0 Henry i B. :. Hyde, ; there l was voted .at
the same time a pension : of $18,000 to Mrs.
James >W:-- Alexander, -: the wife, of the
former ! president,' to \ take upon the
death -.of .Alexander. ;Tbese: two items
have been . regarded ~ ! as ; legal liabilities or
annuities ; in lieu : . of certain ". ' contracts
waived It by."- the \u25a0; founder i'of -•: the 'society
and - by; Alexander. ' The i matter i will : be
submitted to the ; Equitable special coun-
SOIL EXPERT
IN A SCANDAL
Another of the Employes of
Department of Agriculture
Mixed Up in a Big' Graft
HE MAKES CONFESSION
His Wife Said to Have Been
Member oi Company That
Sells a Certain Fertilizer
WASHINGTQN.yjuIj- 27.^-In .a hearing
to-day at the Department" of Agriculture,
at which Secretary Wilson. Assistant Sec
retary Hays. Professor B.'.T. Galloway,
chief of the Bureau of Plant Industry;
George T. Mobre> of ;that bureau and two
representatives of an agricultural publi
cation were present, the two. last . named
made charges that the wife of one of the
scientists In the Bureau of Plant Indus
try owned a block of stock In an Eastern
concern manufacturing a culture. for soil
inoculation, while her husband was pre
paring and revising bulletins regarding
the enrichment of tarrns and portraying
the culture as containing virultnt forms
of bacteria for maKing pool 1 land rich.' lt
was alleged that publications revised by
the otflcml tended to direct th* farmers
to a .commercial concern supplying tne
material because of the exhaustion of tne
supply of the department.
At to-day's hearing the scientist In
volved in the allegations admitted that
his wife owned the stock." t«iat stock was
to come to him In the event that he sev
ereo his connection with the department
and became the bucteriologist of the con
cern, but that in the latter. part of April
he dicided to stay with the department
and the stock was no -longer held in his
family.
It was also alleged that the culture had
been supplied by the department to the
concern mentioned in undue quantities,
the employe mentioned being charged
with shipping seventeen pounds in a sin
gle day, himself prepaying the expressage.
It is said that to-day he admitted this
and that other shipments had been made.
The charges are under investigation by
the
Assistant Secretary Hays is to make
an investigation of the whole question
and of the value bt the culture. The per
sons making the charges announce their
intention of bringing the matter before
the President and the Department of Jus
tice. ;--.-: ;^:~L T *:-" : .-, :~
OUAZVGES, DEA.VS AND SUGAR ,
• TO BE GIVEN AWAY AT FAIR
Products of Southern California Will Be
' Distributed To-Morrow at Portland.
PORTI^AXD, July 27.— Announcement
is made by the California State Com
mlssidn at the Lewi3 and Clark Exposi
tion 'that 10.000 oranges and 5000 bags
of leans and sugar are to be given
away Saturday, at the California build
ing. The products are to be donated by
Southern California, the oranges by
Los Angeles and the beans and sugar
by Ventura. County.
sel, Austin G. Fox and Wallace S. Mac-
Farland.
James H. Hyde was not present at to
day's meeting.
The Equitable's income for "the first six
months' 6f 1905 was $33,998,313, an increase
of $2,356,810 over the corresponding six
months of last year,. according, to. a state
ment which was submitted to the board
of directors. The figures, which were
made up from the autltor's regular re
port for the president to submit to the
board, give the assets on December 31,
1904, as $413,953,020, and the assets on June
30, 1905, as $421,249,272, an increase during
the last six month 3 of $7,296,252. The in
come for the first six months of. 1904
was $36,412,327, while the income for the
first six months of 1905 was $33,709,138, an
Increase of $2,386,811.
The report also contains the following:
Policies issued first six months of 1904,
65.592. assuring $166,129,321; policies issued
first six months of 1905. 61,033, assuring
$150,706,993; policies terminating first six
months of 1904, 36,144, assuring $100,278,199;
policies terminating first six months of
1905, 42,123, assuring $119,813,146;. assurance
in force on December 31. 1904, 564,534 poli
cies, assuring $1,495,452,892: assurance In
force On June 30. 1905, 583.534 policies, as
suring $1,526,434,739; increase in assurance
in force during the last six months, 13,
970 policies, assuring $31,981,847.
1/ \u25a0 FIRST
• I SALE liJP?
. The Spring and S - ...
Summer ' stock I To sell every garment quickly,
Sn^bS^ I Remark them down % (everything
ers this Fall "un-; 1 - but evening clothes)
.less we^ have all | fhe old prices and the. new
new patterns and Jj - v
designs . ; I plainly marked
Men's Clothes Only
Heller ®» Frank
Corner Market and Grant Avenue
DEMANDS WATER
FOR HIS GROVE
Orchardist .Suffers While
Courts : Juggle With Suit
\u25a0; Against Big
lEEIGATION IS NEEDED
Agreement 'of Two Com
panies Results in Damage
to Oroville Orange Grower
Special Dispatch to The .Call.
OHOVILLE. Jaly 27:— District Attor
ney Sexton has charged th» Palermo
Land and Water Company with misde
meanor, it having: refused to furnisu
William Hileoman. an orange orchard
ist t*( Oroville. with -water for irriga
tion, in violation of an ordinance en
acted by the Bourd of Supervisors. The
cause, of the company's refusal is an
agreement entered into with the Oro
ville* Mater Company, by the terms of
which the- Palermo company agrree3 not
to furr.ish water -where it may be sup
plied by the other company. '-V,'. -;
Action was brought In the Justice
Court late In June to enforce the pen
alty of $200. but the ordinance did not
take effect until July I, and the action
was dismissed. The complainant's
orchard was suffering from th« drought.
so resort was had to the Superior Court.
A writ of mandate compelling the de
livery of water was asked for.
Judgre \fray contended that, as the
writ was calculated to afford speedy re
lief and his decision would undoubtedly
be appealed from, its purpose would
miscarry, nml application should have
been made to the Supreme Court. This
was done. The Supreme Court decided
that there was a plain, speedy and ade
quate remedy by appeal from the Su
perior Court's refusal to issue the writ.
The application was denied.
While the legal mills are slowly
grinding out justice, the Hileoman
grove Is suffering for water.
HONOLULU MEN WANT
A CHANCE TO INVEST
Island Capitalists Think Car
ter Should Not Sell Bonds
in New York.
Scecial Cable to Th« Call.
HONOLULU, July 27. — Gov. Carter
Is In New York negotiating the sale of
$600,000 Hawaiian redemption bonda. Lo
cal buyers think they should have been
given an opportunity to bid. William. G.
Irwln. a large bondholder. Is especially
indignant. He says the first chance
should have been given here. He be
lieves it would be the best policy for
the bonds to be held In Hawaii, as it
would strengthen the territory's credit.
There Is plenty of money here for in
vestment, local capital is willing to buy
and If the bonds were sold here the ex
pense of transfer would be saved.
Carter Is at the Holland House, and it
la expected he will close a cash deal
for the bonds soon. ...
WOULD ADMIXISTEB ESTATE
- . OF Tl i E -MAN S Ii(E K I I.LKD
Mrs. Kate Hneter Asks f*r Control of
the Property of Hetiate
' --. J . Husband. .. ;
SAN JO3E, . July 27. — Mrs. Kate
Hueter, who shot and killed her hus
band, Gustav Hueter, a few weeks ago,
has asked for letters of administration
on the estate, which consists of real
estate in San Francisco and Santa Clara
counties and personal property, all esti
mated at 5115,000. ' Hueter left no will
and there are four children to Inherit
the estate.
Sixteen Warships at Xew York.
NEW YORK. July 27. — The jpost
powerful fleet of naval vessels ever
gathered in New York harbor Is at
anchor to-night in two divisions, one
stretched in a line In the Hudson River,
from Grant's Tomb to Fiftieth street,
and the other to Tompkinsvllle In the
lower bay. Sixteen warships, carrying
263 guns, are in New York waters.BROOKLYN'S ALLEGED BLUEBEARD TAKES
REFUGE IN SILENCE AND EVASION.
ALLEGED DLUEBEARD OF BROOKLYN. THE MYSTERIOUS DEATHS OF WHOSE MANY WIVES HAVE CAUSED THE
POLICE TO EXHITME THE BODIES TO AID THEM IX THEIR INVESTIGATION. ABOVE IS SHOWN THE PICTURE
t*F THE LAST TVIFE OF THE ACCUSED MAN. \u25a0 . . .
PLACE VALUATION
ON THE RAILROADS
Board of Equalization Meets to Consider
Assessments on State Lines.
SACRAMENTO. July 27.— The State
Board of Equilization was in session to
• Cay to consider railroad assessments.
Q The Lake Tahoe road has eighteen miles
of track valued at $26,767 50, and its roll
ing Etock Is valued at $17,280. Its gross re
ceipts for the year were $31,634 66. Its
operating expenses were $22,841 48, leaving
a cet Income of $293 38. Interest and
taxes amounted to $3526 38, leaving a sur
plus of $5457. •
1 The Boca and I/oyalton has fifty-six
miles of road, valued at $13,965. A valua
tion of $13,96& Is placed on its rolling stock
end Its gross earnings for the year are
given as $178,407. while the operating ex
penses were 533,012 47, leaving a net in
come of $80,594 95. Interest and taxes
amounted to $63,219 88, which being de
ducted, ieaves a surplus of $17,175 07.
The Sierra Railroad, which was also
-'a.ted for this afternoon, has eighty-four
itlles of track valued at $503,760. Its roll
ing stock valued at 535,457. Its gross
COUNTIES. 1904. 1905. Increase. Decrease.
Alamefi* $100,823,809 $115,341,693 $3,517,784 7777T
Alpine 460,829 462,205 1.468
Ara&dor 5.04«,016 5,817,237 271.281
Butt* 15.751.005 15,8fi0."74 " 10S.SC9
C«.laver»« 6.048.495 5.R75.425 $173 070
Colu«a 11.901.528 11. 838.080 62 508
El Dor&d* 4.302,640 4.216,755 - SS'SSS
Fresno 33.751.618 $4,132,916. 421.328
Glenn 10.166.689 9,942.856 223.803
Humbolflt 24,0*0.483 24,816,299 72(5,816
K?rn 21,401.402 21.C11.074 209.672 .......'."
Ktng« 7,612,665 7.700.959 88,424 . •
Lake 3.437.916 3.415,«55 22.2K1
L&ssen 5.044.369 5.368,532 32-1103
Los Anselee 198.026.729 237,759,672 41.732.W3 ....* '.
Madwa ; 6.257.190 6.236,200 c.OlO " **
Marln 13,000.160 13,3 M,525 353,355
MarJpoea. 2.410.006 2.261..1C9 15443 V
Mendocino 11,617.844 12,008.761 " 390.917
Modoc 4.021.945 4.C2T507 "65*3*62'
Mono 1.066.554 1.77.VW0 106.805 ....
Monterey 17.223.125 ' 17.347.995 23.<;70 .."
JCcpa 12.603.700 13,041.485 237.755 -----•••-
Nevada 6.534.970 6.64+.730 109,760 """"
\u25a0 Orange 13.027.010 13.433.735 ' 406,725 ... '
Placer 7.584.935 7.4«1.170 123 763
Plumas 3.915.405 4.103.PG0 165,495 .
Riverside 12.566.555 13.127.556 261 001 "'"""""
Sacramento 34.595.140 35.G00.330 1.005.i90 ""
San Ben!to C.260.2i0 t5.197.155 6° 355
Kan Bernardino 15.«^;).10:« 16.353.799 724.690 '
San Diego . 1».219.t)54 20.506.524 I.2SC S4O •' '. '.".'.'
San Francisco 502.8.02.459 624,4:«.352 21.540,823 ......'.."
Ean Joaquin 3X253.C34 34.157,078 903.441 ....
* San Luis Obispo 12.836,005 13.274.555 377.930
Pan Mateo 17,076.430 17.V21J50 845.520
Santa Barbara 16.905.071 17.527,035 622.804
Santa Clara M.043.550 55.272.185 228,335
Khasta 10.255.&04 10,417.665 131.904
Sierra 1.8C5.C25- 1.045.377 137,352
S!skiyou 10.366,022 10,607.793 241,771
Sola-no 17.7D3.579 17.020.620 127,041
Ecnoma 28.606.620 23.575.125 968.505
Sutter 6,073,807 5.082,400 91567
Tehama - ~. 10.H13.185 10.9G5.150 5"C05
Trinity „ 1.994, &43 2,262,880 61.733
TuoiuTune 7.475,740 7.631.050 65,310
Ventura 8.772.291 8.741.351 L • 30,940
yolo 15,200.097 15,346.300 145.203
Tuba. '. 5.433.100 -* 5.552.070 145.H70 ......
""Five counties remain to be heard i
from, namely, Stanislaus, Contra Costa, | •paojay^ pun o£uj. .'ajjoji isq
JVTIIXIAMSOX READY TO ADMIT
THAT FIB VISITED PRIXVILLE
Blr*terr Surronudinpr Whereabout* of
Accused Congrrcxaman in June*
1002, In Cleared Up.
PORTLAND, July 27. — Testimony to
fcf*iy In the trial of Williamson, Gessner
and Briggrs for alleged subornation of
perjury showed beyond question that
.Williamson was in Prlnville from June;
earnings were $366,430 59; its operating ex
penses $245,242 66, leaving a net income of
$121.157 93. Interest and taxes amounted
to $100,934 17, leaving a surplus of $20,2* 79.
H. H. GriflSths, representing the Alame
da and San Joaquin Railroad, appeared
and said that the next statement his road
would submit would be as part of the
great overland system of the Western Pa
cific, which, he said, would be in Orovllle
and Sacramento next year. He said the
Western Pacific wonld establish a great
plant on this coast.
STATE GETTIXG RICHER.
Assessors' Reports Show Increase In
County Value*.
SACRAMENTO. July 27.— Assessors*
reports for 1905 to the State Board of
Equalization compared with 1904 are
now on file with. that body, as follows,
the first figure of each item being to
tal values for 1904 and the second for
1905:,
20 to June 24, 1902. This point was
disputed by the defendant at the former
trial, but this morning Attorney Ben
nett said, that Williamson had investi
gated^hjs whereabouts in June, 1902..
and nad found that he was in Prin
ville then and Is quite willing to admtt
it. However, the prosecution - put : on
witnesses to \u25a0, show ; that the defendant
was there on the above dates. ; The
Government - expects to finish with its
wltnesses'to-dar or to-morrow-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY; JULY 1905.
Carlton Eefuses to Tell
of His Early
Declines to State How
fe Often He Was
Married.
Epeclai Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 27.— Questioned by
Inspector Cross concerning his career,
Frederick E. Carlton, 'Brooklyn's alleged
bluebeard, to-day refused point blank to
tell anything about his life prior to 1891
and defied the inspector to get any evi
dence that would convict him of any
crime. He told the Inspector he had te
tanus many years ago, which was • his
explanation for knowing so much about
the disease.
It was the purpose of Inspector Cross
to find out whether Carlton had ever
cultured tetanus germs and . what he
knew about the germs in general. The
prisoner said he had tetanus as a result
of an injury to his hand resulting from
the explosion of a cartridge which he was
trying to hammer into a revolver.
The only statement- Carlton made con
cerninpr his early life was that he had
been educated in a high school and that
he snent two years in • a preparatory
school fitting ' for college. Beginning
with 3891, which was, he said, the date of
his honorable discharge from the army,
he had lived in New York City. The
Carltcn who was in the army was born
in 1857, and the Brooklyn prisoner says he
is 35 years old.
Carlton told the inspector that he had
been employed in and near New York
City as a cook in restaurants. He de
clined to say how many times he had
bpen married, because, he explained,
there were divorce courts in Brooklyn.
He said he had boxes in three safe de
posit vaults, but would not say where
they were. The police might find tetanus
germs if they went to these boxes, he
said. :"-;: '\u25a0 .'•\u25a0:> 3> -\u25a0
During her illness, Carlton said, he in
jected morphine in the arm of Mary Gor
man Carlton, his second Brooklyn wife,
whose body was recently exhumed.
From 1902 to 1905 -Carlton was In the
navy, he said, and mentioned the ports at
which he stopped. He defied the inspector
to prove that he had been married dur
ing these years, except to two Brooklyn
women, both of whom died within a year
from tetanus. . \u25a0. Z^X,
Carlton was arraigned in the Adams
Street Court on a grand larceny charge
made by Henry Schaub, who alleges that
Carlton fleeced him out of , $700 in a real
estate deal. This is the only charge, on
which Carlton has been so far indicted.
An adjournment was taken • until Au
gust 17.
Carlton was measured by the Bertlllon
system at police headquarters. The po
lice declare the measurement \u25a0 compared
identically with the measurement of Ed
ward M. Martinez sent by the Cincinnati
police.
HOCFI TO DIE TO-DAY.
CHICAGO, July. 27. — "Bluebeard"
Hoch will be hanged to-morrow for
wire murder. His appeal to the State
Board of Pardons this afternoon was
without ava.il. The Governor had pre
viously declined to interfere.
Late to-night Hoch consented to an
interview and throughout ,the conversa
tion he stoutly insisted ' that he was an
innocent man.
When asked if he had any, confession to
make or whether he would reveal his
identity before he died, v Hoch replied: . '
"As -, to confessing anything _ I ha«ve
nothing to confess except bigamy and
that I have already! confessed. ; My , Iden
tity I will not: reveal. I ; will keep that
secret like a man, and it will go to the
grave with, me." .
A3IERICA WILL EXTERTAIN
LOUIS OF BATTEPrBERO
Prince In the English Navy Will Bring
Squadron to This Country
In October. .
WASHINGTON, July; 27.— The State
Department has in preparation tie -ar
rangement for • the) reception "of I Prince-
Louis of Battenberg, ; an admiral* of . jthe
British navy./ who "will ; come i to ;this
country 'in October,; in j command v of -an
armored cruiser squadron to pay a visit
of courtesy. r: The Prince, will be 'receiv
ed at .the White; House on^October, 3 by
theY President/; who Iw ill ; give *a -.state
dinner that evening. ; A' dinner, in \u25a0 honor
of,; the f Prince "will \u25a0 also V be', given "by
Sir* Mortimer : Durand, *. the % British 7Em- i
bassador, ;, wh'ol> will '^cornel' from '> Lenox
to present him to the President'
ENGLAND WILL
PATROL BALTIC
Fleet to Cruise in Scandi
navian Waters to Counter
act Influence of Germaiiy
REFERENDUM IN ORDER
vote of People of Nonvay on
the Dissolution of Union
Favored by the Ministry
LONDON, July 27.— The BriUsh chan
nel fleet will sail for the Baltic Sea on
August 20 and will remain there through
September. As it has been several; years
since a British fleet appeared in the Bal
tic Sea, the announcement . Is connected
in the public mind with Emperor Wil
liam's recent tour and the visit of a
German squadron to Scandinavian wa
ters. The' cruise of the British fleet is re
garded as designed to counteract the pre
ponderance of German influence in Scan
dinavian politics. •
The Admiralty,^ however, discourages
the Idea of politics having any bsaring on
the cruise and says that the" Baltic is an
open sea and that the .fleet is simply
going there to execute maneuvers, a
ceremonious visit not being contemplated.
CHRISTIANIA. Norway, July 27.— The
Norwegian Government to-day proposed
to the Storthing the holding of a - ref
erendum on the dissolution of the union
with Sweden. The proposal was referred
to a special committee. The vote will
probably be taken on August 13.
STOCKHOLM, Sweden, July 27.— 80 th
houses of the Swedish -Parliament to
day approved the report of the special
committee appointed by Parliament to
deal with the crisis between Sweden and
Norway. In the first chamber the re
port was adopted without debate.
In the second chamber the recommenda
tion in the report regarding negotiations
for a dissolution was adopted unani
mously, but there was some objection to
the proposed loan of $25,000,000 to meet the
new conditions. About, a* score of mem
bers voted against the loan, the Social-
Democratic leader, Branting,- pointing out
the danger of militarism and declaring
that the proposed loan was contrary to
the political spirit of the recommenda
tion to negotiate. It was a dangerous
precedent, he said, for . never
heretofore had borrowed money for mili
tary purposes and he feared . Norway
would regard it as being In the natuie of
a threat of war.
This view was contested by other
speakers, who pointed out that the Riks
dag, by its unanimous approval of. the
conditions of dissolution, had voiced its
willingness to dissolve the union and its
desire for peace both in the present and
in the future.
GERMANY ENTERS DENIAL.
Ha* Not Planned With Cxar for Nor-
wesfinn Throne.
BERLIN, July 27.— The German For
eign Office denies utterly the report
published by the correspondent of a
London paper at Stockholm to the ef
fect that Emperor, William In his re
cent Interview with the Russian Em
peror sought to obtain 'the consent of
the later for a Prince of the house oC
Hohenzollern to ascend the throne of
Norway.
CANADIAN -REGIME-NT
ABMIMS ITS TRIP
Will Not Visit United States,
as Laws \ Prohibit an
Armed Invasion.
MONTREAL, July 27.— The proposed
excursion of the Forty-thirl Regiment,
the Duke of Cornwall's Own Rifles, of
Ottawa, to Providence, R. 1., for the pur
pose of participating in a celebration by
the residents of that city has been aban
doned because of the difficulty encoun
tered with the authorities of the States
through which the regiment would have
to /Dass.
The regiment received permission from
the Federal authorities .of the United
States to cross the boundary, but It
would not ibe allowed to carry arms en
route, as the Haws of Massachusetts
definitely prohibit the invasion of the
State by a foreign armed military force,
unless permission; be granted through a
special legislative act.
PAYMASTER AND ENSIGN FACE
NAVY BOARD OF EXAMINATION
Young: Officer One of Lucky Fifty-One
Who Skip Rank of Lieuten
ant, Junior Grade.
VALLEJO.-'July !27. — Assistant Pay
master Risworth" Nicholson of the
United States" receiving ship Indepen
dence and Ensign Samuel W. Bryant of
the torpedo-boat flotilla are now under
going an examination at the Mare Isl
ind navy yard ; for promotion: Ensign
Bryant Is one of the fifty-one ensigns
who, by the eff«nt of the new personnel
bill, will skip the junior grade of lieu
tenant and go up to the senior.rank at
once.
Will Meet to Confer on Waterways.
BALTIMORE. July, 27.— At a confer
ence here to-day between officials, of
the National River and. r Harbor Con
gress - and a committee * appointed ' by
the National Waterways Convention,
recently held in Cincinnati, a resolution
was adopted asking the executive com
mittee to call a meeting of the National
Rivers and Harbors Congress early
next year. : V " •.: .
B "On and Off like a Coat"X
\u25a0 HI „ \u25a0 ? . Vu KJA. JL OXjLXJV Iu B3
H Made in original designs of h
H FAST COLOR FABRICS H
GK in style, quality and finish. t-. E| \u25a0.-
\u25a0 LIKE CUSTOM WORK m
9 OLUETT, PEABODY & 00., "|M
*H lAROEST MAKERS OP SHIRTS AND COiLAJU flfi '
GRISCOM HOST
TO TAFT PARTY
American Minister at Tokio
Entertains , the Visitors at
an Elaborate Garden Fete
POPULAR ENTHUSIASM
Bankers and Merchants Give
Dinner to the Travelers
at Club in the Evening
TOKIO. July 27.— Minister Griscom gave
a garden, party In' honor of ' Secretary
Taft and Miss Alice Roosevelt this aft
ernoon. About 1000 persons were pres
ent, including Princes Fushlml Sr., Fush
imi 'Jr. and Kanin. Princesses Nashl
mato, Higashi and . Fushimi. Premier
Katsura. "members of the Cabinet and
other high officials, besides members of
the American colony.
Crowds surrounded the legation and
watched .the assembling of the party.
Minister Griscom, with his wife and Miss
Alice Roosevelt, received the party in
an S embowered collonade on the lawn.
Folowing the reception /the party was
amused at an entertainment consisting
of ; fencing, conjuring and daylight fire
works. Refreshments "were served under
a large marquee. -^
Secretary Taft., Miss Roosevelt, Minis
ter Griscom and the legation staff
lunched with Prince j Fushimi. A num
ber \u25a0of distinguished Japanese were pres
ent. ':. : ; .:,- \u25a0\u25a0' -• .. . \u25a0 .':•' i r \u0084.'\u25a0
The bankers and merchants of- Tokio
entertained Secretary Taft and Miss
Roosevelt at the Maple Club to-night at
a "Japanese dinner, during which there
was geisha dancing. The clubhouse was
handsomely decorated and illuminated
and American and Japanese 'flags crossed
were displayed throughout the building.
Shlba Park, surrounding the clubhouse,
was Illuminated and the driveways were
thronged with crowds that cheered Miss
Roosevelt l and Secretary Taft as they
arrived at and departed from -the club-
house. The streets in the center of the
capital were Illuminated and there was a
Men's and Youths' Suits $f/%
In New Fall Models For -I VJ
tssV&sQ, '& '-' !- The tendency in the world of com- j
:'&WSI^ £§? ' merce to-day is to bring the mahufac- •
\u25a0 -Js^\fyh& r^^P^^ j tujer and the public closer together for j
\! | \^^W^^ T • The manufacturer in selling direct j
\\\li J^^^^ \u25a0'\u25a0••"• •••- 'I - knows his goods and can guarantee them ;
W \ .-*#^S^Sfe^^^^^* ; ' — •** I I to t^ le man t^ iat uses tnem * i !
, Wii !|lfrp^^^^Ki^^^lbi=s^i I The public can buy direct from the
|-A©^^^^P^^^^^^^^' : ' manufacturer, and save all unnecessary
i^^^^^^^^^^gJ I have built up the largest business of its
kind west of chica s°— a business re - !
- c i uirin s tw ° iar s c st ° r^ with sixteen j
\^*^^^ ' '- iA v'-. 7r*^ departments devoted to men's and boys' jj
l^^^pilft^Ei^^R •j j- This V the; principle by which, we
1 inte^^ft^S^^B i ! se^ you - a $ l 5 su^ r only .$lO.
If' I! "^^^SS^SBfiEB I see> we arc manufacturers,
t ' Jj J^m^^^^SSSm'b'^^^ 7 ' i '\ wholesalers and retailers or clothing, ;
' -^IfeV' "^^Sßb^^^^S *^^^^ ' \u25a0 wholesaling everywhere except in Cali-
• ''#^W^S^^H \ \ f°rnia. Here we sell direct to the 1
! £w^ AS|B ffi iiiPliF f? •• public at almost the same prices as a |
\u25a0 \u25a0 m ' • dealer must pay us in some Eastern
! \\L^^ } % WW^^S^^"^ •* *^ s an^ won^er, then, that we can
\^J&- o^»^pp?----^--^~-— -J \u25a0 1 se^ a $ l S suit f° r $10?
\u25a0 r^^^^Bv*^^''*^ JI M Now that you are ready for your Fall
!iP^ su^' com e here, get a satisfactory suit j
Men's Suits $ 10 Youths' Suits $10
These suits at $1O are correctly cut. The lapels, We know that the young men of to-day are edn-
collars, shoulders, trouVers and other features, where cated in the art of dressing correctly. J
style is exemplified, embody the new fall ideas. We know that we can please the fancy of the
The variety of materials and patterns are sufficient % young fellow who wants his garments- cut like'
to give every customer what he wants. He can men s.
choose a blue serge, a black thihet or clay worsted, a Here he will find a great assortment to choose
fancy cheviot or worsted in almost any shade of- from « and the P nce wIU within his limit,
"gray or .brown. The picture shows you the style of Take our |?1O line, for example, and note the new
the garment. You couldn't get such a suit elsewhere fall models in fancy cheviots, black thibets and blue
fora cent .less than $15. 'Also outing suits-coat " r ?" ; rs Sty Ics sin * Ie or double breasted; ages 14 to
and pants in flannels and homespuns, ; for 910. i
. ' * In our stores the young man can find what he
7 \u25a0" .- . , • • \u25a0 \u25a0 wants and the prices will be the kind his parents ap^ *
Trousers in stripes^ of io different designs and preciate. '\u25a0
shades; just the thing to tone. up that" worn coat and Our maker-to-wearer . plan saves every customer
vest; only $2.35 a pair. . fully twenty-five percent on his purchase.
\u25a0'.;.;\u25a0\u25a0 Ladies are cordially invited to the free concerts held daily, from 2 until 5f5 f in the
Art Reception Room of our Powell and Ellis store. An especially good program will be
rendered Saturday afternoon and evening.
Manufacturers Wholesalers and Retaaers of Clothing dffHP Kf^^ffi
Two Laree Stores • Sfcw
&22zz~z~zr?^'k 74° M ar^et Street and Gor. Powell and Ellis
MISSING FROM
COLORADO CAMP
Charles Yallalee. a New York
Broker, Drops From Sight
While on Summer Outing
GONE FOR TWO WEEKS
He Starts Off on a Saddle
Horse .and His Failure to
Return Alarms His Friends
Epeclai Dirsatch to Tb* CalL
CARBONDALE, Colo., July 27.— Grave
apprehension exists here for the safety
of Charles Henry Yallalee. a young
New York broker, who came to Colo
rado several weeks ago to spend the
summer. A week ago last Sunday Yal
lalee, who had been stopping at one of
Eugene Grubb's cow camps, ten miles
northwest of Carbondale. saddled his
horse and announced that he was going
for a ride. That was the last seen of
him at the camp. He did not call at
Grubb's ranch, as was his custom, nor
has anything been seen of,- his mount.
For several days the people at . the
camp paid little attention to Yallalee's
absence, but now, learning that he has
not been seen by his friends, they have
become alarmed and fears are enter
tained that he has either met with foul
play or accident.
Yallalee left all his clothing and per
sonal belongings .at the camp. The
horse he rode belonged to the woman
who cooks at the camp. Yallalee was on
the point of buying a horse from Grubb.
when he dropped out of sight. He came
to Colorado for an outing and carried
transportation personally signed by
George Gould.
brilliant display of fireworks In honor of
the Americans.
The popular demonstrations and official
and private courtesies shown the visitors
have been the most remarkable ever ex
tended to foreigners. " r: ;V '
OPIUM FIENDS
COUNTERFEITERS
Police Unearth Bogus Money
Plant in Room Occupied
by Users of Oriental Drug
Search for Smoking Outfit
Leads to Discovery of Tools
for Making Bad Quarters
Epedal Dispatch to Th» Call.
PORTLAND. July 27.— 1n a spectacular
raid which occurred this afternoon detec
tives arrested five men and one young
woman for smoking: opium in a fashion*
abl© rooming house directly across the
street from the county jail and unearthed
in one of the rooms a complete counter
feiting- outfit. The officers came upon
the opium smokers unexpectedly and
events which followed the descent created
a sensation in the neighborhood. The
counterfeiting outfit was also unexpect
edly unearthed while the oQJcers were
searching the . room for opium and tha
smoking outfit, j
This mornins F. A. Clark, who rooms
at 209% Fourth street, reported to I the
police that while he slept sozna one had
entered his room through the unlocked
door and stole $50 in cash from his cloth
ing. "When the landlady was questioned
she said the actions of occupants of
rooms 3 and 6 were suspicious. The
officers saw a man leave room 3 and.
thtnklns the room empty, entered. In
stead of being empty the^room contained
a man and a young woman and was
heavy with the stench of opium smoke.
The man was in the stupor which usually
follows use of the drug and the young
woman was lying across the foot of the
bed smoking when entrance was made.
In the other room three other men
dazed with opium were captured. Search
of the room revealed a full outfit for
manufacturing bogus quarters. The
metal in the pot was still I warm.
The prisoners gave their names as P.
J. Mulligan, aged 30; Parsley, aged 38:
James Cooley, aged 23: Edward Burns,
aged 28: J. Dooley. aged 24. and Miss
Madge "Wilson, aged 2L
34
PEACE ENVOYS TO VISIT
HOME OF ROOSEVELT.
Reception Details
Completed by
Naval Men.
Luncheon Is to Be
Given on the
Mayflower.
\u25a0VTASIIIN'GTOW Js-r ''"\u25a0 — Arrange-
-srere completed here to-iay for
eirareyiiig the r^ace enroyx of Russia
axA Japan lro:a Sew York to Oyster
Bay. where they -sr'.ll be received by
the President. ar:d fro=j tbtre to Ports
mouth, N. H. The details were ar
ranged at a conference participated in
£y Actir-sr Secretary of State Pierce,
-A-ho ha» s>e*;. co^imiEEJoried by the
President to .-irrarse for the meeting
of th« cnvoym; Acting- Serretary of the
?»avy Darl!r.g; Kcar Converse,
•chief cf the bir*au of na%-Igat!on; Bear
Admiral F.rs-*<*. ccmmandlng th*
fc^uadron cf tL# North Atlantic fleet,
from whi^h Ttssels have b*«n selected
fcr the ecr.verasce of the plenijcten
tiaries, and Cori^iander C McP_ Win»
ivw. cemnardtr of tba
According to the o^cial az.riO-r.ee
ment Ksteecoeatlv n-.ade. the P.ussian
plenipotentiaries and suite will embark
co the cruis*r Chattanocga, ccmniand
efl ty Com--ar.der S^^rp, at tbe foot
/sf Twenty-third street. :»*w Tork C.ty.
it f cdoci a. m. en August 5. the Jap
fcnete p*cr.:r>ctentlarJes embarking at
the tame p*=ri&J en the cruiser Taccma,
ca=:mandfcd by Commar-der B. F. Kich
oisor. an hour Icter. arriving at Orster
liay *-ithin half an hour cf each other.
After luncheon to be given by the
President ca the ila>-so* er is over and
the Precident has departed, the J^P
ace^e plenipotentiaries and mite will
embark on the Dolphin, commanded bF
Ccnanander Gibson, the Russian pleni
p-ctt-.tlarits and euite remaining en the
ilayiower, witn trey will proceed to
T^ortem-outh, convoyed ty the cruiser
Oalre«ton. corninanded by Ccnsmander
"W". G. Cutler, which wtll arrive o2
Oyster Ray en the evening of Aug-ust
4. A slow rca north will be made, so
that Portsmouth urin be reached on the
nort^t:fr d the 7th, where they will be
received by the admiral ccmmasdlnj?
the Pcrtrmouth cavy yard, within
which the n»-gotiatiotiß for peace are
to be '•osducted.
JU«i£tant Secretary Pierce will go
from !C*w Yerk to Oyster Bay on the
Sylrh. The cruisers are Exster ships
and are now being rrc pared for the
ccming mi£s.:ori, having «usr arrived frcm
Franc* In company with the cruiser
BzooUynJ which brought back the body
cf John Paul 'Jones.
Rrar AdroJral Slgfbee. to whose
squadron tfce Tt-corr-a. Cnattanooga asd
Galv«-Eton zre s»ttached. returned to
New York to-day and will issue tbe
necessary orders to carry into effect
the programme amumaced.
KOMURA V151T.« PRESIDEVr.
ThJizJc* Chief Exentire for Efforts fa
B«hxdi ©X Pt-a.ee.
OYsTZB BAY. July 27.— President
B^os-pvfclt trtertaintd at luncheon to-day
Barca Jutaro Komura. Minister <it For
eign Affairs, and Kcgoro Takaiira. Min
itT*r tc the United Etait*. the Japaß»=se
tn-.oj-* t/> the Wathi^gTon peace confer
ecte. BtbteqpecUy he had a long inter
view with them r at which all phases of
the approaching negotiations were censid
ertd. Neither the President nor hl» Jap
&a±e visitors cared to discuss for publi
cation the nature of their conference, ex
cept ia tii* most general terms.
Barua Komura and Minister Takahira
arrived here on the lf:2'J o'clock I>cng
Island Raiircad train, to which had beea
attached a rpecial chair car for their
accommodation. They were the only oc
ccpanui ef the car, bota entrance* to
which were guarded by railroad porters.
No cm was remitted to enter the car.
The visitors were rs^t by confidential
metsengfcrE cf the President, who es
corted them to an open Eurrey, secured
ty the President to convey them to Saga
cicre HUL They retnalr.ed with the Pres
ident until 2.20 o'clock., and then ~rere
drivta to tht j^tica.
Minister T&kah:ra, tpeaking for both
Baron Kenrura etd himself, said they
had a pleasant and satisfactory visit and
talk with the President. Bason Komcra,
he said, bad desired to pay his respects
to President Roosevelt and oa behalf cf
the Emperor to thank him for his efforts
to bring about peace In the Far EarL
This mission had been accomplished. In
narponse to iniuiries. Minister Takahira
eaid it might be Inferred that they dis
cussed the pending peace negotiations,
but added:
"It would not be proper for me to give
DR. FIEKCETS RI^OEDIES.
STOALACHS ON STILTS.
Th« man wbo trots on ftflts does notte'
crease hl& actual stature. He oaly feeli
toller. Stlculaats are the stilt? of the
etosiach. They make a man feel better
tar tbe time befcg, but t *
he feels a great deal
WVTs<: for th«;=i h'^T- Q^
ward. V^J
The need of the raaa kfLA.
whose Etonach Is <^£»%«*
"•weak" Is not «timp- yV^i^rr^K \
latloa bat etrecsah. /ft rli'-~sty \
Dr. Pierce* Golden M. 'Am&£\ A
Medical Discovery^ K®' 3$
perfectly answers that\. * Jiv!'' v iM (1 Tl
Lee 4. It contain* no'M $*£*Zd W
alcohol -or whisky. It V '£££&&, f*J
cures the weak, Jonl I .siiis&S \
EtoE&ch with its air V S^^S3
tendant bad szaelling
breath, coated tongue, Psf
bfed ta«t«. poor &pp*- ?.?1
tiw and kindred tycp- tj&3 %^\
\u25a0^Intheyfsrl^lhad '
&n itttck cf iudlr^Uia '-^ RP
and cot so bad that mr fa¥ »»'-'
home doctor s&id he cm w*
could not do zne tcy \.*% U&
rood." writes Mr. O. £9 E
Treit. of Gordoartlle, SB . W .
Texas. **I wrote to yon 3f \
and yon advised ise to / \
use Dr. Plerce's Golden / ' .
Medical Discovery, so I
boufbt six bottles, tad
when I cozaoeaced us-
ing It I - was so weak
could hardly walk
about the hous& By
the time I bad used one *'
bottle my stomach end ,' *
bowels commenced to a*
beal. There were strips -
of the lining of my stomach or bowels Q don't
know which) as 1 ixzh as a man'» two finders
passed and I had a good deal of misery in my
etomsch &nd bowels, and also tn the rectum
especially. I could not eat any tbicff without .
bavin? much distress afterward, but by the
time I had taken c'.ehi bottles of tbe "Golden
Medical Discovery' I was sound and well,
and could eat anything: I ple&ged without
suffering: In the least. Could also do as much
work In a day as I ever could. I bare not
euSered from the trouble since, and it was
four years asro that I was so sick.**
The sols motive for substitution Is to
permit 'the dealer to make a little more
profit. He gains; you lose. Accept -noEub-
ttltute for^' Golden Medical Discovery."
Constipation causes -and aggravates
.many serious diseases. .It Is thoroughly
•urea fay Ex. Pierce* Pleasant Pelieu.
to xcv tl« rarsre ct tie ilsezssioa. I
codd sot fio tbEX." ~ ~ M
P«£iser:t Roosevelt, wiaa iEtcrrogaied
tl^s eveciss about tl« coaferesce. re
pS«j tiat v waa a'asfeject *rtich iie ess
not see! at Übertr to dasc=s» for jrcblica
tica. Zt Is cxp»cted that soon after the
arrival cf 1L de Witte, the prtaripal ta
rcy cf Russia, be, tws, will make a for
isaJ call <m President Boosevtlt to ad
raace cf tie pre*e=tatio- to the Presi
dent en Arr=«t 5 oJ the faro sets of plexl
potiztiarie* and their suites. The Pre^
dect doe* not conceal Ms dee? interest
in the arprcaching conference of the ea
vcyF. but Jets it be enderftood that Ms
interest irlll net lead tins to interfere.
ev«n by Indirection, -with the -arork of the
cenf ertnees. He had hoped that an early
armistice raight be arranged betveea the
ccntendii^ arnaieß in Manchuria, pending
tfce ccnclnEion cf the work of the con
feree*. It is not cnMkely that the ea&ject
cf art armistice nay be on« of the first
Questions considered alter the arrival, ot
the envoys at Portsmouth, but thus far
no intirnaticn cf their possible action on
that subject has been given. The plenl
pctentiarles have full authority to nego
tiate a temporary peace protocol, bijt
\u25a0whether they will do so or not will de
pend largely on the situation at the tins©
they begin their discussion.
BI'JJUS PHESS CAUSTIC
I CrJttclx— the Visit «f Secretary «* T»*«r
Ta!t to Japan.
! ST. PETERSBURG. July t7.— The sub
\u25a0 rtance cf the interview in New York
) with iL Eato, EpckeEaan cf the Jap- j
| aaese peace envoys ca the position of
! Japan la the peace negotiations was re
• produced la the papers here and passed
\ a!m©st without comment, only the Novoe !
| Yremya. indulging in' a sarcastic fling. ;
I says that "Japan has conducted the war ,
I c.uite econondcaily— only a nsiJlion a day, ;
| but ih* had belter present tbe bill u> ]
' those who are furnishing the sinews of j
war and cot to the country upon which
th« war Tv forced."
A supplementary statement specif ying
! the ces«i3Q of the island of Eaghaiiea and
: fixing the aznount of the indemnity for
I the cost of the war contained no surr
j pris«» and caused but little flurry - ex
j c*pt la drcies directly interested. The
i Boerse was not affected. The Vledo
j inosti takes the occasion to direct sharp
| criticism at the visit of Secretary of "VTar
\u25a0 Taft aad Hiss Roosevelt to Japan, and
| ccmpir.frg that the oaoment for the trip
j w&e tactlessly chosen. The paper adds
j that the eSorts to prove that the visit
] to the land of the rising saa is devoid of
, political • meaning is "childlike"
I The war party Is again making head
| way, drawing capital from General LSne
j vitch's optimistic telegrams, one of
I which, with the Emperor' 6 rep!y declar
' ing that the misfortuaes of war have
I cot shaken fciE belief ia the courage and
j devotion of the army and containing a
\u25a0 gltwing wish that the troops may bring
i the war to a happy . conclusion, is pub
. iished la all the papers.
1 No further news has been received here
j of the landing cf Japanese troops oa the
J coast of Siberia or of the derations ia
] Korea. Though accompanied by constant
I skirjaishirg, the steady pressure of the
\u25a0 Japanese northward ha.* not developed
I serious fighting yet. The papers men*
* lioned the purchase by Japan of eight
} steamers frora Rasslan and German own
ers which vessels" are supposed to be in
terded for the transportation of prisoners
cf war.
In diplomatic circles a general feeling
f ef surprise is professed that Japan has
i shown her cards to ruca an extent before
I the meeting of the plenipotentiaries.
There is no iniity of opinion regarding
the prospects of peace. It is realized that
much will depend on tie extent to which
5L Witte has been instructed to push
opposition to the payment cf an Indem
nity. Though one prominent diplomat told
tbe Associated Press that according to
his information M. Witte has beea ia
etructed to refuse absolutely the pay
ment cf a fiat Indemnity, other sources
] are less sure of the exact nature of these
J instructions. • f t
PLANS FOR INDEMNITY.
Financier* of Europe Prepare to RaUe
Money for Itu«fla-
BKRLIN. July 27. — In view of the prob
ability of aa early peace between Rus-
Eia and Japan, t&e terms of which will i
probably involve the payment of a very
heavy indemnity by Russia, the flnaa
ciers of Europe have been holding con
ferences to the end that tbe indemnity
may be paid without seriously disturb
ing the anaaces of the world.
The ileadeissohost the Berlin bank
ers, who have been for many years the
representatives oa the Continent of the
Russian Government and who have ne
gotiated many of the Russiaa loans,
nave formed an alliance with tee Roths
childs in reg&rd to tbe matter aad have
held communications with all tbe lead
ing financial iastitutions both oa the
Continent and in England. They are
about to send their represeatatives to
New York with a view to enlisting the
co-operation of the larger financiers of
tbe United States. It is likely that a
Russian loan for the purpose of paying
the indemnity will be scattered and taai
a considerable portion will be taken in
the United States.
J. Pierpont Morgan, after having con
ferred with a number of financiers of
England, sailed to-day for New York.
DE WITTE LEAVES FRANCE.
Russian Peace Envoy on lila- Way, to
the United State*. ' ' ' -
CHEP.BOURG. July 27.— The North"
German Lloyd steamship Kaiser - WJI
belro der Grosse. with iL de Witte, and
bis party on board, sailed for New York
from here to-dajr at 1:20. p. m. Although ,
it was announced that the Kaiser Wil
belm d«r Grosee leit the Needles at
s:i& this morning, her departure; was ;
delayed owiag to v the denseness, of ,the I
fog. ' ';
De Witte, the chief Russian peace
plenipotentiary, appeared somewhat an
noyed at the delay, the Russian "peace
party being already late when compured
with the Japanese. The; Russians were
most interested in reading the press!
dispatches describing the arrival in New ;
York of Baron Komura and his party,
and expressed«the ? hope that the Japan- !
«se conditions would really be' as mod
erate as set forth in the dispatches re
ceived 'here. , . " ,
Owing to the lac"k of accommodations
at tbe hotels some of the passengers of'
the Kaieer Wilhelm der Grosse were
compelled to spend the night on board
the North German Lloyd* Steamship.
Company's tugs, in sleeping cars at the
railway station, and even on the pier."
De Wltte's family accompanied him
on board the steamship where he was
greeted; by the captain and received his i
mall and several telegrams.; After
ing le.aye of. his. family. De Witte said,
smiling: "I hope to return soon."
Madame de Witte soon'afterwardrleft
Cherbourg for. Brussels.-; *%* i*. \r **&ISSSS
Ltnerltch Tells of Landing.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 22 r ..— -General
Linevitth con firms report that Jap
anese destroyers [ land-d | a battalion 'of
infantry at Kastier on July 24, occupied
the lighthouse and- hoisted l the Japanese
flag.
Japanese Seise German Steamer.
TOKIO. July 28,' lla. m^-— The German
steamer Lydia, of ,1055 tons, has been
seized by the Japanese near Loochbo.-* 1
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 2S, 1905.
Japanese Dislodge
Russian Forces
at Alkova.
Large Quantity of
War Munitions .
Captured. :
TOXIO, July 27. — It is officially re
! ported that a Japanese detachment
which was protecting the landing pf
troops in Saknalien Island, dislodged
! the enemy from j Alkova and vicinity,
! occupied th« "first line "ef defenses at
i Polovia azid tae second at Alkova on
July**. .
The Russian strength consisted of
i oae battalion of iafantry. recently dis
j patched to the scene, besides several
| hundred volunteers, with eight field
, piece* from Alexaadrovsk placed oa the
i nills in the direction of Luikoof.
Before this,' oae detachment of Jap
anese iafaatry. dispatched under the
protection of torpeao-boats toward tae
pier at Alexandrovsk, dispersed a body
of Russians who were attempting to
bt;rn the pier, which was captured in
tact. >
A detachment, helped by a torpedo- ]
boat, landed at Mugati, dislodged th.e \\
Russians and captured 40.000 toas of |
coal and light railway materiaL Aa- \
other detachment occupied tbe third |
line of defenses at Alkova on tae &azae |
afternoon. * Continuing the advance, j
Aiexandrovsk was taken and entered oa j
the same evening: after some resistance. J
The Russians continued their resistance j
at the redoubts east of the town and on j
aa emiaeace tp the northeast. Stubborn I
resistance was offered aad the fighting j
did not cease from sundown to dawn, j
the Russians holding their positions j
east of Alexaadrovsk. The Japanese j
thea attacked, pressing the Russians
toward Novomieha-elakao and complete- :
ly ocenpyiag that place.
Alexandrovsk escaped being destroy- j
ed by a coaaa^ratioa. Two hundred \
prisoners were taken.- Oan carriages.*
ammunition and provisions were also -
captured. •
The admiral's report, which was re- i
tbe successful landing of the Japanese j
forces in the vicinity of Alexaadrovsk, |
on Eaghaliea Island, s^J's that the piers
at AJexaadrovßk, Niyomi and Mukake
were found undestroyed. but the enemy
had set fire to Mumika, aad Alkowawas
still burning- The town of Alexan
drovsk was not burned. j
The Admiral's report, which was re
cefred at 7:30 p. no. on July 24, says that
the Japanese flag was hoisted over the
government buildings' at Alexandrovsk
without any loss oa the part of the Jap
anese force.
WAAT VLADIVOSTOK .VECTBAL.
Japanese May Demand It mm <Part of
Peace Arrangement.
WASHINGTON, July 27.— As a clearer
idea is gained of Japan's peace terms,
the skepticism with which Washington
received the European reports that
Japan would demand the neutralization
of Vladivostok is lessened. In fact, it
Is learned that not' only is this .likely
to j constitute oae of Japan's . demands,
but It may.be accompanied. by, a start
ling counter proposal. In effect, ac
cording to seemingly well-informed
sources, Japan*^will propose in "return
for the neutralization -of this last P.us
sian fortress on the Pacific - not *to
fortify Port Arthur. Should this .'ln
formation prove correct, it will change
entirely the view which has prevailed
in \ official circles that the question of
Vladivostok's neutralization . could not
reasonably be made a part of Japan's
peace price.
It is pointed out that while the war
has demonstrated that Port Arthur was
a military blunder, nevertheless this
great fortification constitutes a tre
mendous political influence in the Far
Eastern question and its 'abandonment
as a stronghold is a concession of such
magnitude that it is not felt that Rus
sia can afford to refuse to recognize
it. On the other hand, the sacrifice
would cot be as great as appears at
first glar.ee because the fortification, of
the Straits of "Korea would off set the
loss . of JPort Arthur as a strategic
point. * \ -_ . - t
It is believed here that"- the question
of Vladivostok will prove to be one of
the most difficult which the conference
will face, as Russia has not concealed
her disinclination to permit 'it to enter
into tbe negotiations.-
In this connection an interesting
story Is current In. diplomatic circles
regarding the. selection of Baron Ko
mura as Japan's. chief plenipotentiary.
According" to this story, 'Japan had
hardly less trouble' than did Russia in
finding an official willing- to undertake
this delicate mission. Baron Komura
was finally induced to accept it with
the stipulation that before the confer
ence assembled the following things
should be done: First, the notation of a
new loan In order that Japan should
be prepared to continue the war in the
event the effort for peace should -fail;
second, the occupation of the island of
Saghalien; third, an advance against
Vladivostok; and last.,, that Oyama
should start a decisive blow at the
Russian army In Manchuria.
•The fact that the first three stipula
tions have been fulfilled, while advices
from the front indicate. the Imminence
of a general engagement; would indi
cate that, the, story is well founded.
CEATK\>IAI. C VPTUUED.
Ve«<M»l . Carrying ( Cuutraband Believed
. to lie in 'Japanese Hnndi.
SEATTLE, July 27.^-Steamship men
of tthiS:dty believe that the. steamship
Centennial, carrying a .contraband car
go * for the JJussians, " has j been cap
tured by* Japnn^iN* cruisers." She sailed
from San Franci*cp for Nikolaievsk.
near , (he mouth", of. the Amur 'River,
early," in , June, arid "was «Jae 'to f reach
tbere-.the flrFt.,week>in; July. -The ': rant
that she has notbeeii reported give-i
reason totKJllevcthatahe failed to es
cape th« Japanene warships.. '*' -.•
JAPANESE COXI-IXUB ADVANCE.
Vaniranrd Aboi't eighty .Miles Froir.
Month nf Tunicn River.
KUAXf CHANG T.SU, llartcharla, July
27. — According to^repfirts from Korea,
the Japanese- coi.tlnue advancing alonp
a 'forty-mile 'front.'" Their .vanguard is
now- about eighty roiled from the moutl.
of the .Tunea R.lvor.,_Thelr l.iain forct;
is concentrated at Kenrhen.- -: \u25a0'••"\u25a0•
Rshlibi Retreat , In - Northern Korea.'
LONDON,: July 28.—The;correspond
ent ;. of the Daily Telegraph .'; at ' Osaka,"
Japan, \u25a0 sends the : J oHowirig: ; 'r/Zlb » ** '
"Hearing of the advance of the Jap
anese, the | Russians on Monday hastily
retreated from Buryong and Fukyo*''' in
Northern. Korea." * •-y-_.-^;.-,- ,*
Rasslann Stop British Steamer.
PORT v SAID, EgypUi^ July \u25a0; 27^--The
Russian 'auxiliary Jcruiser^ Kuban] stop
ped \u25a0< and I examined * the i British steamer
Faxilka,! from i London July « 9 .^XorTCal-'
CIVIC EXPERT
COMING HERE
Eobert Crawford of Scot
land Arranging to Make
Tour of the United States
NOTED AS A LECTURER
Will Discuss . Municipal
Socialism and Its Practical
Working in * Glasgow i
EpeeUj DJspairh" to The Call.
LONDON, Jnly rT.— lVhea Mr. Dalrym
p!e weat to Chicago at Mayor Dunne's
brritatloa to show the metropolis' of the
west how to municfpaliie its street rail
ways after the Glasgow method it was
expected that Robert Crawford, former
Tows Councilor cf Glasgow, woald ac
company him. Illness, however, prevent
ed Crawford from doing so. But his
visit has only been postponed. ' He ex
pects to make a tour cf America, lectur
ing on ""Maaicipal Socialism aad Its
Practical Working in Glasgow."
For naany years a wholesale dry goods
merchant in Glasgow, no other man has
been more . jfrominenUy identified with
the 'progress of its various municipal
enterprises. He has filled, several civic
offices there .with rignal ability— always
be it noted without pay— and has been
in the fronts of the various movements
which have culminated in making: Glas
gow the best example of a city ran hoa
estfy for the benefit of Its people that
can be f onad anywhere, . Civic improve
ment is more than a hobby with him —
It is a passion— and he has spoken oa
it la every part of the United Kingdom.
Wherever a town undertakes a figat
for public benefit a* opposed to private
profit Crawford c&a be counted oa to lead
a hand. And he bopes to be able to help
along the same cause In America.
In the course of an interesting letter
explaining why he could not accompany
DalrynipJe to Chicago, he says: "I prefer!
dealing with broad principles— apart if !
possible from the hurly burly of the fight ;
over concrete Instancesr-that are con- j
censed ia the question of the public owa- \
ership of municipal services and util- ]
ities. I am of the opinion that a. very;
big war is now impending In, America
over tbe vast Question of principle, .aad '
as I have always seen very clearly and '
felt very intensely oa this subject 1 1
would like to strike America at the ris-j
lag of the wave and do my best, to send
it triumphantly forward. I have the most j
absolute confidence in the power of the j
American people to "realize' themselves.
aad to rise to a great effort as soon as j
they see that the thing ought to be
takea !p hand. . . . • '\-
"I am an ardent believer ia that phase
of socialism called mnnicipalization, and
have always been intensely interested
In the growth and development of the
capacity an.desire.of people of one com
munity to combine and organize them
selves for communal ends. I see no limit
to the possible good to be done in this
way provided that good, honest, capa
ble mea are, found with civic patriot
ism enough to serve 'their fellows with
out fee or reward In carrying on these
public services as part of their duty to
the community among ~whom they live.
"So long as the aim 'of civic govern
ment Is clean, the tone high, the ideal
lofty an dtae object is to foster and cre
ate better conditions "of life for every
citizen alike, high or low; Tich or poor
—apart from, all. sectionafcor-polltical in
terestE-^tlien. and then :i only* I hold the
control- and extension af .municipal en
terprises of all kinds.. Is ,a.. blessing aad
wl) be always successful! Toward this
end civic reformers In ' the .' States must
work." \u25a0-.-- „".»\u25a0 . ~ -' -' _^_-
Crawford was ch.-.lrman of the Fine
Arts and Archaeolozical, sections of the
two highly svccessful international ex
hibiUons held in Glasgow, in ISSSand IiOL
In connection with the latter be visited
America and was received by President
McKinley at the White House.' Some
years ago Glasgow University conferred
oa him the honorary degree of tL. D. -
cutta, in the -Red , Sea July 25. . The
Fazllka was allowed to proceed after
her papers had been examined.
GENERAL BARRY- AT FRONT.
American " Reeelved by the . Rnsiiian
CoimnCHder la Uanchuri*.
HARBIN. Manchiria. July ,22 (de
laypd). — Lieutenant . General Linevitch
to-day received Brigadier General
Thomas X, Barry. United. States army,
and other American attaches.
The rank and file or the army regard
the mediation of the United. States as
evidence of ?ocd vrlll and sympathy.
Some of th<» - officers of higher rank,
hosrevtr, do not .share in this attitude.
YOUTHS WHO TOOK A LAUNCH i.
APPEAR BEFORE A' JUSTICE
, SAN RAFAEU- July 27.— Albert Tq
bin, S. F. Griffin and Valley E. Harris,
the young, men; 'who "appropriated
Harry Maynard's launch Fay for a
cruise around ' the bay ' a week' ago.
were brought ,before^Judge Magee on
a charge of misdemeanor to-day. Grl fin
pleaded not guilty and the other, ; two
were given until Saturday to plead. The
court placed- them under bonds of $100
each. Fred Hackett of .Tiburon and James
Begley of this city went their bonds.
Anderson, the other*,youth who went
with them on the cruise, ,has not-- as
yet been arrested." \u25a0 , \u25a0-"*.;*...-'.
n i
' ' ! JSSII Liquid Food \
**\ fliffll c * rue a lt-Tonic rich in tissue-forming, X
j! \u25a0•'\u25a0'\u25a0,:•\u25a0 rPKHS ; blood-makinjg properties is \\
I 'Km is-NHEUSER-BUspt,, $
U -B^^^K^^SJj^ -:M is made up of 14.60 per cent of nutritious Malt
I ; . ' * "®S(y>3 '. extract : and is aperfect digestant-— non-intoxi- X
ij a^ " cat itig— delicious '•* sting. The ideal tonic for %
>{ * 3^^^ conva^cents / ... *
!j: ' : : Sold by all druggists and grocers. X
!i f " Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n <. -^t
NOTED EXPEKT OJf MCNICIPAL
GO\*ERXMEXT TTHO JS COMING
TO THE UNITED STATE 3."
PERSONAL.
R. Barcar, a publisher of Vacaviile,
Is staying at tne Lick. '
Captain U. a Nilson of Honolulu ar
rlred at the Grand yesterday.
S. X. Grier. a prominent drog&lst of
Wheeling. W. Va.. is at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Belcher of
ifarysviHe are jruests at the St. Francis.
C. V.« Inderreiden. a promlaent fruit
shipper : of Chicago, is at the St.
Fracci?. .
G. C.-and H. F. Willis, capitalists of
Champalan. IIL. are registered at ths
St Francis.
Mr. and Mrs.'C R. Hansen have re
turned from a two weeks" stay at Pa
cific Grove and Del Monte.
Dr. and' Mrs. Manton. Mrs. H. M.
Clark. Miss Helen Manton and W. W.
Manton, all of Detroit, are among the
late arrivals at the Palace. <-_
: T. W. Heintzelman, superintendent of
motor power of the Southern Pacific
Company at Facramento. is at tbe
Grand. . ;
C. if. Cddle. p. well-known young
raining: maji of . Tonopah hnd a brother
of State Senator Tasker Oddie of Ne
vada, arrived at the Palace yesterday.
Lieutenant Victdr Blue. United
State 3 navy, who has been laid up at
Mare Island hospital with an attack
of appendicitis. Is registered at the
Occidental. He came to. the city to
await the arrival of his wife, who is a
passenger on the transport Warren,
due this morning from Honolulu.
Calif or n iann In Nevr York.
NEW YORK. July 27. — The following
Callfomlans have arrrved in New York:
. From San Francisco— R. D. Davis, at
the ' St. Andrew's; E. A. Evans, at the
Hoter Cadillac; W. Ai Ristenpart, at the
Imperial; . W...H. Darrell, at the Ross
more; C. J. Magianity. at the Herald
Square; R. W. McMurray, at the Hotel
Astorr.J- H. Miller, at Hotel Imperial;
W. V. Cahill, at the Grand Union; R.
Grunewald, at the Continental.
v From Los ; Angeles — iL Brown and
wife, at the Grand Union; J. E. Cook,
at the Hotel Imperial: M. Lowenthal
and: wife, at the Belvedere; J. D. Spitz,
at the Gregorian; A. W. Ballard. at the
Holland: M. O. Brown and wife, at the
Grand Union; A. C Harris, at the Nor
mandle; C L. Wilde, at the Hotel Astor;
J. W. Cousins, at the Wellington.
HORSES, CATTLE AND GRAIN
. BURNED NEAR KING CITY
SALINAS, July 27.— For the second
time within two months a grain fire
has devastated a section of land near
King City. Yesterday afternoon a large
barn filled with fiay on the Franscioni
ranch was discovered on fire. The
names destroyed the building and its
contents,- several horses and cattle and
farming Implements. The flames spread
rapidly, consuming several other build
ings; - swept . over some 400 acres of
land and burned - five large settings of
barley, aggregating some 2000 sacks.
The damage amounts to 94000.
Hears' From MiMing Merchant.
'"AUBURN, July 27. — Seeing: an ac
count of his disappearance in a news
paper, Lucius Safford last night tele
phoned to David Chamberlain, who has
charge of Safford's new store, that he
was all' right. He was buying furni
ture and became accidentally separated
from his father for about three' hours.
The latter, being unstrung by losses by
the recent fire." feared his son had com
mitted suicide through despondency
and notified the. coroner.
BOGUS OFFICER
SENT TO PRISON
'•Xieutenant" Falconer, Clev
er Confidence Man. to Spend
Five Years in San Quentin
WANTED IX 3IANY TOWNS
Felon Pleads Guilty to One
and EscajKjs Prose-
Mention on Several Others
Special Dtepateh to Tit* C«ii-
LOS ANGELES. Joly 27--C. S- Falioa-
Briggs, alias "Liecteoant" Fzl&mer, a
bo^cs oScer and expert cocfldeac* c^an.
wm pass its next five year* cf hi* H-« &
San Queatia perdtestlary. He plea-Jed
guilty to-day : ia : th« Bupertor Court to
graadlarceayaaa received that *eates««.
Briggs Is wanted by the police ia no
les? than- twenty cities alcfig the ccaru
including Victoria. \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0- He waa arrested by
United States oScexs three we*ks ago at
San Bercaroino lor . iiapersonatlag a
United States array ofScer. but tbe Fed
eral authorities tarced alia over to th«
police here. There were seven caarges
against him here and he decided to plead
guilty to one of j tfceai. ' .
He is wanted la Saa Francisco for pass
ing fictitious checks, obtaining money by
false pretenses aad s«lliag mortgaged
property. He served a year ia Seattle for
larceny and six ntoaths:ia Saa Diego for
swiadUng. Here he stole a grip full of
%-aluable minias securities. He ia a mem
ber of a good inmliy ia Seattle.
OFIICERS PUBLICLY
INST.\IiLED IX MABIX
Interesting Meeting of Court
EafaelNo.62lsWeU
Attended.
tpteUl DUratca to ~t* Can.
SAN RAFAEL. July 27.— The pubUc in
stallation of Court Rafael No. 62. which
was held to the Masonic Hall last evening,
was well attended and was a decided
ruccess in every particular. After the in
stallation was completed. Grand Sub-
Clilef Rarser Harry L. Simon. Grand
Seaior Woodward Daniel Teare aad Grand
Junior B*adl« W. H. Donahue made brief
but- interesting addresses on Forestry.
Grand Junior B«adle Donahue, ia behalf
of the members of Court Rafael and in
well-fpoken words, presented the retiring
chief ranger, Orey J. Short, with a hand
some badge. Dancing aad whist playing
were enjoyed until midnight- Deputy
Grand Chief Ranger Ma»rtin Madsen in
stalled the iollowing officers:
Past'ehtef ranger. Orey J- Short; chief ran
ger. R. C Le« D-oncaa; sab chief ranger. Panl
Albert; records secretary H«rb-rt *-*?*
do-srne; MrJor -srood^anl. Joha T. Klnc; Jumor
\u25a0srood-nard. t"red Roberts; senior t*a«le. J«*
diab CoJltas; Junior beadle, A. S. winter; lec
turer, E. K. if Metz. .;:,
INVESTIGATION IS DEMANDED
BY AN ACCUSED DIVJ.VB
Dr. Lloyd of Oregon Does Not Intend* to
Rent Under Cnargen Prefrrred
.by Fellorr "MlnUtrrs. _ , \ [;[_
PORTLAND, July "27.— A i telegram
has been received here by Ilev. George
B. Van Waters.'presfdeht of the Stand
ing Committee of the Protestant Epis
copal Diocese of Oregon, from Rev. F.
E. J. Lloyd of Uniontown, Pa., who was
recently elected Coadjutor Bishop of
Oregon, stating that he had deaiaaded
aa Investigation by the presiding
bishop of charges preferred in a pro
test against JDr. Lloyd's confirmation as
coadjutor bishop.
The protest to which Dr. Lloyd take 3
exception -was one made by. several of
the local clergy and laymen referring
to his qualifications in a business way
to hold the office. Rev. Mr. Lloyd with
drew his acceptance of the coadjutor
sbip pending an investigutioa.
The bishop to whom the demand for
the Investigation has been . made is
Daniel S. Tuttle of 'St. Louis, the pre
siding bishop of the Episcopal churcn.
| That pnekasr of old rent rereinta
should make your foresisht sharper.
Bay ? oar ottb home on th« installment
•plan. Real Estate Ada. Sunday.
MISSIONS ARC DI>CCSSEI>
BY TWIN LAKES ASSE3IBLY
Baptists in "»<**! ion yievr Snata Crux
Hold IntrrestinK Meeting* on
M St» ion ar y Day. .
SANTA. CRUZ. July 25.— T0-day was
Missionary day. the big day at the
Twin Lakes. Baptist Assembly. \u25a0 The
morning was devoted \u25a0to a school of
methods, the theme being "How to In
terest Sunday Schools in. Missions." For
eign missions " were . discussed by Mrs.
Arthur E. Caldwell of Oakland, and
home missions by Miss Clara Mayhew.
Mrs. George Campbell,, a returned mis
sionary, spoke oa a "Systematic Stu3y
of Missions." . .v» -,
In the afternoon Rev. L. G. Sawyer of
San Francisco spoke on "How to Plan
the Work, and Work the Plan." In the
evening Rev. .A. M. Petty, general mis
sionary of the Southern • Calif oraia Bap
tist Convention, spoke on evangelism.
— -
trirrac ZVSXSZSS COIXEGZ V 7 TS3
VTEST.
J* Port BL. £aa Tt*ssW», Cai.
Z*Ub. « Tear*. Opra ertlre 7^Jf7 * s^tOX.
TSrfte tor drcalatr* «rr««>.
POLYTECHNIC
I ttu«txir». Celiese and 5-«-ho«l of Easl-
urrrtaz, Oaklaa(S. California.
Gf**t B&«ts««s Cer»er»:t/ ef ti» "Ctai: Bapst
ber^JjE* to V. ». fcr teatisew ezv.vt* *<^«: i««
«s*d«tjrt j*e«l cJtn»t«: trxne vzSzmsxs: 100
T>sia« X««Liscm. Plf=«a er Crers Si^rtiaii
n»fX Bzxxisx O£Sce» Is Amerta*— Haiers.
I^ilioa. bc«."J %sA n *xpes»ff» arm.
Gr*4^a-t*m nzn?* txff. paytec po»itJs=a-
VOH MEYERn^CK f^S&c
EsUutJUßet} I-'JZ.
&tl Vnltom St. «a» Vraa-l^n
OUTcr* »!I tint «.-r»r*4ur- » c! ';. i ::.» i~. MSA
EjMters erx**rva£-;rUm lor a. tixcmiMis rsra.-
•k«J e&s<is.tJ'23. itptl9 ?T*2az~4 0M eiarea
asid «pßfrt »crk *.-C tbe cpexasJe «i»k«.
gp«elal *• ummrr C*vt+* tor Tesrkm.
Pj'qtixictgjp •_•;•-.= » r-rl -rati'. a.
Mills College and Seminary
COKFEE? DEGHZT? A.KD G2ArTTS DIPLO-
MAS.
s<ssl=ary «rar»e M.<xr^iit^i. to tb» usiT«r»J-
' ties *sJ l«*£ss Eastern coll*z*m; rare crpcrta-
\u25a0 =::>s cSer»d ta trrssic. art asi eiacutlca. Ti^r-
ty-siati year. J^:J Ccna ovens "We-Jr^slay.
Ar^Bßt I«. ISOS. 'Wrtre tar ca-MJcraw to
MRS. a T. 3£H-L3_ FZZsUjZST, \u25a0 ,- •
"*-.-*-:•? MTT-T. g COL>LXGg P- O- CAI.
UNIVERSITY SCHOOL
18TS. GEORG2 BATES, it. A^ F&4r. 190CS.
Collese Prrparjrto-ry Cowr»e» for Boy*
of All %se«.
F*a tpa cpess Aarsat 2?. Cata*s«» ij
isafl. AHTHUB C. 'OriIXARD. £. B-. TTia-
etpal. 2210 Clay «t-. sa.a Fraaclsco.
| H/\ry\Lirs SCMOO- I
A 59 7X3 SSSS SZXISi£T.
IU9 Jacksoa at.. S. F. Bcarfilss as 4 Bar
School tor Glrla. Aacr*Cred by ti* leadli«
coheres aa<i \u25a0u=rr*r»it:*s. Special atteaiica
ClTea t» music Rsorena Taexliy. Asyast 5,
19O5: SARAH P. H-UtUX. Prtac jal.
THE LYCEUM
Aa accredited prepsLratcry schooi for tbe nui-
«rrs!ty. law a»S Ei*tl3cal cdiec^s: -Is well
known for its carerol aad ticronsh work. Cc=»
aad be with us; w« prepare yea well; refer-
ences. President Jordaa cr any Staarorfi pro-
fessor. - Pb*laa bciMiar.
L- H. GRAC. Ph. P.. Priaciyal.
tr^jft*"^^?** BCSKVESS COLLEGE.
; ;\ V G5 SS e4 Shortbaad Issttrato.
ill i 753 Market St_ 3. T.
A 1 fl if Vr§K\ ft* h:sh-(rrai- »ci-<i or
"if l\ Li W 1 S. F. Boslacis Tr»:=-
fr^ i fir. g\l K^^J :_,_ ShcrThaai Tjrje-
»ra:ii Pcsltlco» lor gra^ca:**. >' rr« cataioeu*
•Boone's Unhsrsitf School for cop
BEHKELET. CAL.IF.
Commences it 3 tweaty-UJtii year iloa-
day. August the 7th.
MISS HEAD'S SCHOOL
Berkeley — Boardiag aB«l Day School fsr.Gir!*.
"55iS Channtcs way. P!en«aat fccaae U-e, 2ars»
rardes* rynsaislain. Aecreilt*2 to" Ual--er»ity of
Callforala. Staafcrti. Vassar. Ssaiti. 'Welies.ey.
\u25a0 - '- Trrm Opfg» Anzml 5. l*i>r;*i>.' "*'**
. -Wcstara Business CoUess.
-IXI Slarket; terni* $S ptr^nicsiit. *4O far «
! sxsvJs*. tiorcosij ecurse: ra crder to dssso-s-
\u25a0tratc oar srrertor zzititoi cS teaeils? | wiU
etre oae oooti'3 tuitica free. Oar. xa&tta.
"Perfsctlca." geccesa aarargd.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Bcarilss aad day school fcr yoass laiies a»l
attle tlr!a. 2128 Ca&foraia street. "Via reoß^a
Acrst 7. IMS. AecreiJlted by ti» aaiverait2««.
MRS. EDWABD a C3ITRCH. H-K.U. Prlaet
ANDERSON ACADEMY
IRVIXGTO.V. CALIFOaVIA.
CXSURPASSSD.
TERM BEGIX3 AUGCST IS.
XCTLIJAM TALKER Ayr-ga^OX. Prtae*pat.
S. iMARGARET'S HALL
Full Acagntste aad CoHfs* Preparatory
Cccrse*. sa w«O as tiicrcusts Priaßary lastrae- .
tlca. il-s:: nader ti* ilrrctlra cf Vsitgra.
Fcr fa! 3 i:iaytra:ed bock * i in.s 3Cs« EIJEA- J
KOa TSBI'-ETTS, Prtaelyal. Saa Wa«KX Cal.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION
PARTnCGTOS"^ *2i PINT: ST.
Oldest Sebod la Asertea.
Xcv Terra Besiaa MOXDAT. J=tr SL
. DAY AND ETEXIXG CLAS3L
Miss Vest's School for Girls
1014 Van Xc»» aTease. «speaa Aayaat IS. 1933*.
H9tae aad Day 5 choc J: Klajersanea: «ccre-i-
lt«J by !ea<Sa? csU?re». -
MART B. WXST. PrtaeigaX.
HKciiGOGk Military Acidemy
- C&ristgtaa tersa wtll ecct3i»3g» Aaran 1^
TiHALPAIS MILITARY ACADEMY.
SAN RAFAEU CXU
Ec&aol Tear Bests* AsrJi: Ifts.
Jca'.cr S£&ocl S«parat«.
ARTHTTR CRO3BT. -P. P.. H»»J gttfff.
HARKER-HUGHES SCHOOL
FOR GIRLS AT PALO A2.TCX
Col!*£f prcparatcry. Pteaasat ttoia* i:f v
SJaste cdccatloa ut-ler a pupQ cf O»-r:a BL
Cady. Accredlied to Vassar asi \5"«a««I«y.
Cp«&s AUff'jst Z\, 190 S. 1121 Bryant Street.
ST. MATTHEWS feILITASY iChGOL
Saa Mr.w, Cai Tripity t«r» win teic^s Aa«.
I", IMS. For catalesra* a*4T»s« '!%*v. wT'.^tara
A. Br»w«r. A, 8.. Rtctar aad H*»«*fjT*««r
BEAULIEU
A - boardicg aad day wlsboi rar rarts; BiiraSep
liailted; llta year. 29*n Ccnxn? in.. ts«7k»:«r.
COLLCGB OP XOTRB T».\"MK. —
SAN JOa£. CAI» !ii.-..5,\«.v tt* feoardiar
ttudeau. Fi;ty«i<*arth y«ar. Cjarw* : Cia»*-
Ical. Literary. Sci*atsa«, Cc3ts*TTa«-rx. Ctel:«s»
prvparatory accr*fiit«<3. tst«rrrt«sJUte aad Prt-
isary Cla****. Staii** r«»un:«d TJiarsdaj- aj-
rast IT. ISO 3.
DIXOS COLLECT OakijiTuS. CaL—
"EDUCATE FOR PROFIT." Spectalista 'la
Grerx ShcrtkaaA T»«cls Typtag,-ftch.itkaepias.
Peoaxaasblp' aaj Prtparat^ry Studies. L:'*
Sc&clar«s:?. Jr.O; six miaia* JSC; en» moato,
$10. Ir.divt^'jal ißsu-JCt:oa; i»y asd :;;:-
\u25a0Write fcr prospectos.
THE PACI. fiERSOX SCHOOL OF
ACTI.VG— The largest iaatJt^tioa dero:-
ti «zciu«rvely to l;aavauc learmc« U .v-r.*r-
lau POSITIONS GUARjorrKKD. Pw^il*
may enter aay tisa*. . t*a- for catsCcf *•• ***\u25a0'"\u25a0
U»« - Senar buiWisx . . ,
IDt> TT C TJX? O F o ** BARBERS BAK-
houses, bir.iaM tabi**.
( brrw«r». bocJtMadera. caady taakers. c*nn*r«.
j dyers, floor mills, fouadrtea. iaundnea. p«9*r-
i eankef*. printers, painters, sios ractsrttv *!*•
I bl«in-a. tar- reef era. taacers. taUors. «te>
BtCHAJfAX BRO!U**
[ flnifb «cr.» srirrnniento^t
a Dr. tfibbon^ Dispensary.
| <529 JiEAK.VY *T. rstaaa»h*d
%tn 1-^34 for :&e treatment nt rriva»
f Dfftwutes. U»t SUR&uoO. rvV.'.ur or
Riiiu-aa* w*ar«np«o ho«ly»n«l mirw a»J
\u25a0 •4!£lH IHva^es. The Doctor ceres w"i*a
*4 i:i«*»M fal». Try linn- fft*fS»« to-w^
Jt iirri'.unmiilrrd. OiJior wit *
tiIUCUA.^j ITiiviico. CaiCOLLINS LIES,
AVERS HENRY
Xotary Public Declares Law
yer's Statements Concern
ing Witnesses Are Xot True
WHITING ON THE STAND
Assistant District Attorney
Tells About California
Code and Perjury Charge
VICTORIA. B. C. July 27.— Assistant
District Attorney Whiting: of San Fran
cisco was eg^aln cross-examined by
George D. Collins, on trial for perjury
committed at San Francisco, when the
court resumed this afternoon. Collins
again went Into the Question of the ju
risdiction of the San Francisco court.
The witness maintained the court had
Jurisdiction and stated that the law of
California made Collins amenable to
prosecution for perjury for making: a
false before Xotary Henry In
the maintenance suit. Collins ques
tioned the witness at length, tending to
show If an oath was Improperly made it
would not constitute perjury and the
witness read and explained the clauses
of the California code bearing' upon the
offense of perjury. During the exami
nation many discussions ensued be
tween Collins and the witness in which
Collins sought to belittle the Assistant
District Attorney's knowledge of the
lav and value as an expert.
Notary Public A. J. Henry of San
Francisco, when questioned regarding
the Interview given by Collins regard-
Ing the statements secured from him by
the accused, the circumstance upon
'which the charge against Collins of
tampering with witnesses was made,
said Collins' statement was false.
"It Is an Infamous He," he said, "and
the facts will be shown at the proper
time."
Defendant Still Fight*.
Chief of Police Dlnan received the
following telegram from Detective Tom
Gibson last evening:
To Chief of Police J. F. Dlnan: \u25a0 Provisional
warrant ar.d papers arrived from. Washington
to-4«y. Collins making a hard fight. Chief
Leiiglfr Is Colng everythlnif he can to aMisl
tne. THOMAS B. GIBSON.
BOY FALLS TO DEATH
FEOX HIGH TRESTLE
Approach of Train Frightens
Little Fellow and Fatal
Accident Results.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. July 27.— A frightful fall from
a high trestle two rods in front of an ap
proaching train caused the death of Boyd
Adams, an 11-year-old boy, near Shaver
Lake to-day. Young Adams was playing
on the trestle with a companion of his
own age when a logging train came upon
them. The other boy saved himself by
climbing out on a scantling used for a
side h^race, but little Boyd became panic
etneken and ran toward the end of the
trestle. Reaching the most dangerous
place he lost his footing and fell head
long to, the solid rock, thirty feet below.
He thei* ro2l£d down an embankment and
Into the creek. When fished out he was
dead, his skull having been crushed.
ATTOnXEVS OBJECTION DELAYS
THE JOKItEI.I, MURDCR TRIAL
Sheriff Vnalile to Snbprna Taleoman
Brcantr H«- Snore to Complaint
Agrniant Accused.
REDDING. July 27.— The Jorrell
murder trial at Weavervllle was de
layed to-day. A venire of ninety tales
men was exhausted and only eight Jur
ors were secured. The Sheriff sub
penaed a special venire of thirty
talesmen. When they appeared in court
Attorney Bissell, for the defense, ob
jected on the ground that the Sheriff
was disqualified because he swore to
the complaint against Jorrell. The Cor
oner also was disqualified. John Boyce
will subpena forty-five talesmen to
appear next Tuesday.
GIVES QUARTER OF MILLION
TO LITTLE SISTERS OF POOR
Name of Donor la Withheld From Pub
lic by Blihop Connty of
Loa Angiicd.
LOS ANGELES. July 27. — Bishop Con
aty of this diocese of the Roman
Catholic church confirmed to-night the
rf-port that he had received the per
sonal check of a Los Angeles man for
5225,000 as a donation to the Home of
the Little Sisters of the Poor, work on
the construction of which is about to
begin. Bishop Conaty declined to make
known the name of the benefactor.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Prevent
As Well As Cure
Headache
If subject to headache, take
. Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills when
you feel the first indication of
• an attack, and you will find
that they rarely ever fail to
stop further progress.
Pain weakens the nerves, and
the longer you suffer, the more
frequent will be the attacks.
On the contrary, if the
nerves are relieved of this
weakening influence, the at-
tacks will be less frequent, and
finally disappear altogether.
Dr. : Miles' Anti-Pain Pills
contain no opium, cocaine, mor-
phine or chloral in any form.
They are absolutely harmless
if taken as directed, and will
have ro other effect, except to
tlrive out the pain.
"Dr. Miles* Anti-Pain Pills* are all
right, and 1 can recommend them to
eny one In need of a remedy for head-
ache, neuralgia, or pain of any kind,
ily health is not very good, and I am
itubject to frequent attacks of severe
headache, but since I began taking:
Dr. Miles* Anti-Pain Pills I do not
suffer from that trouble as I used to.
They never fail to give relief in a few
nlnutes. and if taken promptly on th©
approach of headache will prevent an
attack from coming on. Pain Pills
prevent, as well as cure."
MRS. WM. PEDRICK, ,
Gloversville. K. T.
Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills are sold by
your druggist, who will guarantee that
the first package will benefit. If It
falls he will return your money.
25 doses, 25 cents. Never sold In bulk.
Miles Medical Co- Elkhart, Ind
FOUNDER OF TRUE LIFE CHURCH
DIES AT EDENVALE.
Death Claims Mary Hayes-GHynoweth
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 27. — Mrs. Mary
Hayes-Chynoweth, widely known be
cause of her philanthropic work and
as the founder of the True Life Church,
died this morning shortly after 10
o'clock at her home at Edenvale. She
was the mother of Congressman E. A.
Hayes and J. O. Hayes, the proprietors
of the Mercury and Herald of this city.
Mrs. Hayes-Chynoweth had been ill for
about three months. She was nearly
SO years of age and had devoted most
of her life to spiritual teaching and
healing.
For some time Mrs. Hayes-Chyno
weth's strength had been failing her
and about three months ago she was
compelled to give up her work as pas
tor of the True Life Church. At that
time It was believed that after a few
weeks' rest she would recuperate and
return to her work, but continued to
grow weaker. During the hot spell the
tirst of this month it was thought that
the cooler climate of Monterey would
benefit her and she was taken to Hotel
del Monte. This did not prove bene
ficial and a week ago last Tuesday she
was brought back to her home at Eden
vale. Since then she gradually sank
until the end. came this morning at
10:15 o'clock. Her last- words were, "I
have never wronged anyrohe."
Mrs. Hayes-Chynoweth ' was the
daughter of Rev. Abraham and Miriam
FolBom. her father being a Free Will
Baptist minister. She was born in Hol
land, N. V.. October 2, 1825. For a num
ber of years she was a school teacher.
In 1849 with her parents she removed
to Wisconsin. In 1853 she- became the
wife of A. E. Hayes, a cousin of Presi
dent Rutherford B.' Hayes. ' - N ..
In 1872 Mrs. Hayes came to Califor
nia, but returned East again. After the
death of Mr. Hayes she arid her sons
came here and. purchased the magni
ficent home at-Edenvale. Several years
after the death of her first husband Mrs.
Hayes married T.B. Chynoweth, an at
torney of this city: " Mr. : Chynoweth
died about a. year after his marriage.
Mrs. Hayes-Chynoweth possessed re
markable- healing, power. People from
all over the State came to Edenvale. to
see "her. She was very charitable and
helped a great many people. The de
ceased founded the True. Life Church
in this city in 1903. She was chosen
pastor for life or the cliurch at Its or
ganization. She was also the editor of
the True Life, a monthly periodical de
voted to her. teachings. .
The funeral of Mrs. Hayes-Chynoweth
will be - held Sunday afternoon at 3
o'clock from the First Methodist Church
in this city. The cortege will leave the
Hayes home at' Edenvale at 1:30. It will
be a public funeral and all who v wlsh to
pay . tribute to the deceased will be al
lowed to do so. Music will be furnished
by the choir of the True Life Church.
The speakers \ have not yet been i an
nounced. Interment will be in" Oakhfll
Cemetery. Hundreds .of messages of
condolence have been received by the
Hayes family from all over the country^
McANENY'S TROUBLES
ADDED TO BY WIFE
Suit to Recover Property and
Damages Filed by Mil
lionaire's Spouse.
BAN JOSE, July 27. — The litigation
of the McAnenys was added to to-day
when Mrs. Mabel M. McAneny sued her
husband. Millionaire George B. Mc-
Aneny, for the possession of goods and
chattels valued at $2300 and $1000 dam
ages for their retention.' She alleges
that on June. 3, she had posses
sion of these goods and' that the de
fendant wrongfully took them from
her. The property she seeks to recover
consists of farming Implements, ve
hicles, horses, cattle and about every
thing needed to carry on a farm. If
the articles are not returned Mrs. Mc-
Aneny wants $2500 in cash. .The goods
In 'question are -at the ranch, home at
Lawrence, which are also the subject of
litigation.- :;>;: x;' v . V
INSANITY PLEA DOES NOT
SAVE 'MECHANICS. SLAYER
Machinist Who '*' Killed One .Man and
* .Wounded Another to Go to Jail
.'\-:-< tor Life. •
LOS -ANGELES. July 27. — After de
liberating half an hour this afternoon
the jury in the case of .Amos Hercules,
the young machinist on trial for the
murder of Timothy Sugrue at the-Re
dondo carshops on .December £. 1903,
returned a verdict of guilty and fixed
the punishment at imprisonment' for
lffe. Hercules had been discharged
from employment at the. shops and re
turned with two loaded revolvers : arid
opened fire on the assembled .workmen,
killing Sugrue. and wounding another
workman. He" was tried , for insanity
as a result of the shooting and served
fourteen months In" the 'Patton asylum!
He waa recently released and - was * put
on trial for murder. * His defense was
insanity.
THE ; S AN • FRANCISCOXICALL, . FRID A V; ; jJULY - 28; y 1905.
WELL-KXOWX SAN JOSE WOMAN"
WHO PASSED AWAY TESTER
DAY AT HER HOME.
WATER RUSHES
OVER TRACKS
Southern Pacific Traffic Will
Be Tied Up Unless the
Salton Sink Floods Drop
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July. 27.— Complete
cessation of the train service threatens
the Southern Pacific : .through the' en
croachment of the flood waters of the
submerged Salton sink upon its* main
line near Salton. To-night the water
is running over the ties for a distance
of more than a mile- arid- a" wind from
the southwest would pile the water en
tirely over the. rails,, making the pas
sage of trains impossible. . - ' . -
The water is steadily rising in spite
of all efforts to stop . Its' pouring-, in
from the Colorado '.River -and to-day, 'a
rise of two inches was reported, at ;the
offices of the Southern Pacific for the
preceding twenty-four'hours. \u25a0 ,
The' railway : company has 'rushed
every available man to the spot, -where
it is building. a "shoo-flyy track ten'
miles , in length about, the; threatened
section. It will be a week. before this
temporary track on higher. ground. will
be 'completed .and it is- feared, that be
fore the connections ;can be made "the
rising \%aters will have made 1 the main
line Inoperative. . * \u25a0 . .-\u25a0
General Superintendent Ingram has
removed his headquarters to the seat
of the 'trouble and will not leave until
the crisis has passed^ 'For nearly two
weeks it has been known that the rail
road track was in danger and the com
pany "has had more t {fan fa thousand
men at work building. embankments of
earth-filled sacks. As long as there
was no wind the danger was at a mini
mum, but during a few hours yesterday
a stiff southwest gale lashed the-wa
ters of the Salton Sea into High waves,
many of which dashed "over, the tracks.
• It may take two'weeks.morie to close
the gap. at "the Colorado River, .where
the water is pouring* into that
stretch of country which is be
low the level of - the 'sea. But
for -the enormous evaporation ' the
water would have covered the -railroad
tracks long ago. The .water at. present
covers a district nearly forty miles long
and averaging ten miles in width.
AXTS^GEOUND FIEE
DEPARTMENT WIRES
Insects Cany Sand Through
| the Keyhole Into an
Alarm Box.
£; fcal Dlrpatch to Toe Cut.
BOULDER, Colo., July 27. — For some
time the Boulder, fire alarm system has
not been working satisfactorily and yes
terday it would not work at all. It was
at first -believed that the batteries at the
fire station were at fault and they were
thoroughly, overhauled, but. this .did not
remedy matters. ; Then a systematic
starch was instituted and, after much
trouble, the, difficulty was located In the
box at the corner of Sixth and Arapahoe
streets. \u25a0 , : :
It developed that red ants ; had , carried
sand up into the box, getting access to
the Inside by means of the key-hole. They,
had taken in enough sand to ground the
entire system. It was Impossible to send
in any alarm. J \u25a0 "
When the sand was removed the sys
tem worked . perfectly. ; ; \u2666 ,
'OFFICIvRS' INVESTIGATING '",
d'k atii of a colored man
Red IJliilT Xecrro I<i Said , to. Have Been
Shot and Killed Near , "-"". V
l'rnttvllle. : ' >V;.-i---'
REDDING, July \u25a0 27. 7 -GeorgeHollman,
a colored man of Red. Bluff.: it^is said,
has been shot 'and ;. killed byl-VSlim"-
Hobson \u25a0 at < Cone -.cattle > headquarters
near . Prattvllle." Ofllccrs * have * gone ".\u25a0 to
investigate. ?
INVESTIGATORS
ON BENNINGTON
Admiral Goodri^li Beaches
'i ; £>aii T>iego arid]Names;Men
tb Examine 111-Fated? Ship
TALKS TOTH WOUNDED
Captains Young arid Drake
; Closeted With; Squadron
. Commander on the Chicago
SAN DIEGO, July 27.— The flagship
Chicago; of the Pacific, squadron,, with
Admiral G jodrich aboard, arrived here
at 6 o'clock this morning., Soon after the
Chicago came to anchor' \u25a0 Commander
Young of the Bennington and .Captain
Drake of Mare' Island went aboard and
were » closeted -with- the -^admiral, w \u25a0
" *A- board of .investigation, was appointed,
whose duties will be to collect evidence
of whatever nature may: be considered
pertinent to the disaster on: the gunboat
Bennington . and to put .this evidence in
shape for the consideration of .Admiral
Goodrich. With the report of this board
in hand the admiral will decide .whether
or not to appoint a board of inquiry.
•At 10 o'clock this morning this board of
investigation, consisting of Lieutenant
Commander F. W. Bartlett, Lieutenant
Commander, Halstead and Lieutenant
Moody, convened on board the flagship
and -after consultation with the admirai
adjourned to the Bennington. The report
of the board. is not expected for. several
days. In the meantime the work of clean
ing ud the gunboat proceeds slowly, the
boilers Icing left in the position in which
they were found after the explosion until
inspected by th? investigating board.
Divers have plugged; the intake pipes
from the outside, thus stopping the Inflow
of water. Thus far it is reported that
the divers have found nothing wrong
with the hull from the outside. Scalings
from the boilers will be examined by the
navy yard chemist, it is understood,., to
determine If gases created by corrosion
and chemical action caused the explosion.
.There have been no deaths since those
reported last night, though the condition
of P. • Nieman, H. A. Worthen' and L. A.
Griese is precarious. W. A. Holly and
C. Schultze are improving, while Hallett".
Sullivan, McClintock. Bushnell and Muler
show no change for better or 'worse.
: The time of tlie funeral of Ensign N. K.
Perry has been changed to to-morrw at
10 a. m. Bishop J. H. Johnson of Los
Angeles .will be present. and participate
in the services. . ,-...'. \u25a0"•-\u25a0• - : ..
Admiral Goodrich put in a busy day
after his flagship brought }hlm to. San
Dirgo this morning. Shortly after his
arrival he went on board the Bennington
and spent two hours In making an in
spection of the gunboat. Later he visited
the hospitals where are the Bennington' s
injured sailors. The admiral went 'from
cot-, to cot and conversed, with the suf
ferers, speaking words of, praise for the
fortitude displayed by them- and "encour
aging them to continue their struggle for
life. Some, of the unfortunate fellows
"had made >voyages with .Admiral Good
rich, and to them he was especially kind
and cheery. .
RUNAWAY AMONG VICTIMS.
Hoy Who Lett East, St Loah Hoin'e
" ; '' Killed. un llennlncton.. - , \u25a0 -"
i ST.J' LOUIS,' -July 27.— The mysterious
disappearance, "of '"Charles. Oliver- 1 ' Mc-
Keon -from. his home ; in East St.VLouis
on. December/;*,' 1902, his. twenty-first
birthday, Tvas -cleared to-day by. in
formation from the War -Department
that McKeon was one of the : victims Qf
the; ill-fated gunboat Bennington. .Mo-
Keon enlisted in the' navy under /the
name of Charles. Oliver on* the day of
his disapiiearanee. ' The fact that the
War Department was able to ascertain
\u25a0thnt th« dead sailor and Charles Mc-
Keon were the.. same person . is due to
his having told some of his comrades
that his parents. lived in East St. Louis'.
The body -will.be; allowed to. remain
In the -National Cemetery at San Deigo,
where' ltis '.burled.- •
STEVENSON TO SERVE.
Retired Naval' Officer Ordered to Report
-' '..'',, to "A^nilrar Goodrich.** '.
.\VASHINGTpN, July" 27.— 1n order
that an ofllcef-of-rarik might be avail
aule"for«duty as" a member of the Ben;
nington court. of \u25a0\u25a0inquiry the Navy De
partment to-day .ordered Rear Admiral'
Stevenson. 'recently .retired, to proceed
to San Diego and report to . Admiral
Goodrich.' Steyenson - has been on duty
as 1 inspector of 'machinery' for . ships
building at .San Francisco. - In.-'addi
tion'- t the captain ' of the Chicago and
Captain Drake will be available- for
appointment onfthe court. \: . ; .
BUESTING TOKPEDO
/KILLS TRACK HAND
Peculiar Accident Befalls
Railroad Employe in the
•Sierra Nevadas.
Special' Dispatch to Tb* Call.
RENO,," New. July 27. — E. B. Graham,"
a railroad man, was killed by aburst
ing'torpedo at a. point near, the, summit
in " the ''Sierra-^Nevada Mountains
"Wednesday. V. The ,. bomb had, been
placed,, on' tire** track, by ..a, brake
man to stop an oncoming train. \u25a0 Gra
ham , had '.been working on the track
near the place where, the , torpedo, was
placed and while gathering up his tools
along the track a train passed and ex
ploded the < torpedo. . The flying pieces
of copper and steel j struck th unfortunate
man In the abdomen \ and literally tore
that portion .of \u25a0: his-lbody to pieces.- He
was picked' up by the trainmen and car
ried : to Truckee^ ;but idled before reaching
that place. : It; is' th« first time . in the
history of railroading In this section that
a man has been killed by a, torpedo. They
have not been considered very dangerous
by the trainrhen.V Graham leaves a fam
ily in ,TruckeeV- where -he had resided j for
a. number? of; years.- /'_' K . "'.*",
WILI/RUSH WORK ON. BRIDGES
6 VER , YUBAI AND 1 BEAR' RIVERS
Wenteru Pacific* .."Arranfrin'ff to Have
6,000,000 Feet of Luni b'er Hauled
; ''\u25a0';\u25a0'\u25a0 'From^Maryavllle^'- \u25a0;rfi)'<i.
MARYSVILLB, : Julyl27.^-Representa
tives| of ,; the;; ; Wes.tern >;Paciilc are c here
trying > to "negotiate itqn the - hauling Jof
6,000,000 feet of bridge 'timbers for tres
tles \u25a0 and -bridges "across the. 7 , Yuba rand
Bear \u25a0 rivers \u25a0 and f several !' sloughs ;i- and
other streamsilnthis* vicinity. : The* lum
ber \u0084w ill arrive here iby.rail \withln- two
weeks and* musf be hauled' immediately,
so that a largepart of the i bridge bulld-^
Ing. can "be "done ;before the streams .get
high. \u25a0;-.\u25a0•\u25a0 '\u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0-' :^ :^ 1 :- ' ; v.'. '
Mlniater'ißariwtt . to Speak.
PORTLAND, : J uly* 27.-^-President The
odore r . B.'^WUiCOX I of ' the" Trans-Missis
sippi ; Congress ' has; received j a: telegram
f rom.Hon. " John ; Barrett, former , Mini
sters to '\ Panama,; accepting^ an
to I delivery an -address ; before^the'con
gress,'-whlchimeets'at Portland; between
August ; 16 ,' and : 19,' ' on the : subject got
"Oriental Trade." . v
| Special— Some pretty Embroidered Turnover Collars came yesterday :?
5 v too 'late for much description; but will have them ready for sale this morning; 12 5
ft -styles; your choice— each .-*.-.. . . . .-.-.-. . • • • ....... ... •• •*
I 8000 Yds. Taffeta Ribbons qms' Dresses \
J - SalO TO-day JiS tiaSl V-ffTVTO A few dozen only-the balance of . $
* '- These are good staple ribbons, perfect in every way, heavy quality, and naakei's sample Eae of chambray.gin^am. .j
* • r-. j \u25a0•• i I i • • - cotton, etamine and imen dt-sscs. in Size? «J
g in such desirable colorings as: - >: : v \u0084 , \- 8 and 10 years only, Yafe« u P to J
5 - 'White Blue Cardinal Navy ' Orange $530. There arc lots of pretty dresses in «*
I \u25a0\u25a0• Cream Brown Scarlet Pink " Maize ' Black this assortment and it will hardly pay you to .J
ft - . \u25a0-*_-, . * .. o make them, or have them made, when you S 2
J 2% -inch 15c Taffeta. Ribbons • •. OO yard . can boy them now for the cost of matena!*. "J
jf ; 2^-inch 25c Taffeta Ribbons •• J2c yard SECOND FLOOR. 2
5 . \ ; 4-inch 30c Taffeta Ribbons . ,'• . • 15c yard ___^ £
«f ; ; 5-inch 40c Taffeta Ribbons •• • 200 yard V.j- ; i 7—; j
g ...;, .,. ..:.;•. Bozvs made free of charge by our experts. . . Good Linings m
j \u25a0•.••.\u25a0; ,= , .."..-"..':•- So and 15c *
$ Here's a N®w Veiling Waist t o dose ou t before stock-taking next j
* ' :V irA** HBZ Worth /^_ l ?^/ y y ! c offer 500 yarridk J
J :., : : r : Oi^%P£ma*rmJ $3.00 -W^hi ' finished linings, good 1 5c and 20c ,%
ft 'Li~- -'\u25a0 \u0084 ••• wr •4. • in /R"«^§^aL qualities, but assortment of colors V
* These> Veiling Waists are in new rail _ v l •» 1 ,4 Or» «
H j \u25a0 tl * • 1 • c Ki. broken, to dose, yard • • • UO \u25a0*
Si design. Ihe material is a nne quality; 1? gzf&g ,««« » 1 1- • •*
f? colors cream, white-tan; gray, pink, blue.' 1 ¥§k 4 °o yards black sateen linings; a.;
5 red and black> New stock just received Sjr-^lr '? A qUahty * marked to },
$': from the makers, but as a trade bringer for yy ~ r^j&fi& c o se« var " '**° °%
JC Friday and Saturday, marked .. $2m45 ' X^mttmW^^ Quantities so limited on the- .j
X A Lawn Waist-A very fair quality of j!^^ff//f§Wi^\ above ye advise early shopping. *
?> - lawn, in several attractive styles; waists that cannot /^vdrfflfffMWfßt'Mt i -nil 1 z==l^r^^^=^^=Z^ «
| L d t ica '! d . v ". d " 75c .'" d . $l : 00i r 8 "' a . rly : soo Wf/H#f 1| 1 B °"<* »•*• ««• 1
&' An Embroidered Waist — Made of ex- 'trl' V ytli. 1 c security Never drop 'J
Jt j celjent- hnene. with tastefully embroidered front; $ Lit -,| ' JfteUlv OUt of your hair. Look Hke tortoise 5
«» ."\u25a0'\u25a0: made to sell tor $ I .MJ; not much pront . . _ T UIVU \ mW\. \u25a0 J L n -*L icr J t c I X
| -left at The Emporium price. •• . . $f.25 ,' \W/^[^^/ wort h '5c card of 6,«1e %
% A more elaborate Linene Waist, with ftl^^i\ P " CC ' per Ca SC *
Si handsomely embroidered front, very fuil sleeve and rjfsk4&*^vv\\ , HA . -'
}C ..adjustable stock collar; worth $2.50. . B^/P^l| \fl M A «- - -- s, %
§ miked . .... ....... $1.95 . -..Bit --TO* Empire Fans, 43c *
J;; ./SECOND FLOOR. '. •;:;'- ::; ,/ \u25a0' •.' \ / V , This b a Httle lot of pretty, practical dollar %
Si ."'\u25a0', -\u0084 \u25a0 . . fans that our buyer picked up at half price. «J
?» I -^& _ r fbtflbtißb BAB #" ' af*fc ».rf - They have white bone- stkl% are lace and "S
I Sate &0O man's Suits $
i At $6*75 sand $3.75 Dress Nets |
' \u25a0 * "•*'•-'\u25a0\u25a0.. ij
»? \ have had so many inquiries for men's cheap suits, during the last Two small lota fancy dress nets, not a yard *3
|£ few; weeks — suits to finish out the season with— cheaper suits than it is of it worth less than 50c. to be closed out >c
Jf our policy to carry regularly, so we have purchased a line of extra before stock uking. to-day and Sat- -_ <t
J fgood $10.00 suits (a- manufacturer's surplus stock) at a price which enables urday> yaid 33c aad JC x
£ us to pass them along to, you at $6.75. Also some suits worth up to ! *«j
k- $20.00 each to go at $9.75. '- Rf*\W&* QvW##G "5
J. The $0.75 Suits are the single-breasted The $9.75 Suits are made b both »t*JN» %9WK*9 *
>? sack-coat style, well cut and good fitting double and single, breasted styles— many For goyg 2 }4 to 7 Years— i New and «
£ garments-wool cheviots in gray and brown ?! them the famous Hackett. Carhart & subt made b Bu3ter Brown j»
* mixtures and plaid,. There are all «« '^^i^ •JhTt^JSSti ? *?** A * «
i - from' 33 to 44 P If you need a really Sum w^S fa"ri^ S Aake -^ duster coUar. Choicej rf foe %
$ §§MsM£ ££ 7C ?ii *7i- 1
J . • - ; '•\u25a0-'\u25a0'.-.- ' \u25a0 \u25a0 For Boys 7to 16 Years— Best school £
jf ;\u25a0 \u25a0 ~ : ~ ;; — ~^ — :: — — — ; suits; Norfolk and two-piece styles. Cut, Jj
Si B3&B Bt4&&mtk»& &&4aß?*ra &H"3>B?l 4^e* fit and make faultless; the cloths carefully £
_. SSiSEWBi 9^ Q^OO F£&SF3¥S&i2ZS , elected and thoroughly tested as to strength %
If \u25a0•\u25a0 .." ; ? Dt*ess Goods — Siifcs "^ color, and we will give a new "<f
Si The' price of butter is going up; extra choice . suit for one that goes wron^. %"*
»; creamery butter such as we sell at our We had a speaal sale of 20 20 of the latest styles; 4_*_flf _f_}#_l «
•C speaal sales is not plentiful, nevertheless we desirable weaves of • «ilk early this $5.00 values, here for %M%3 %
£ offer regular size squarss for « fi wee ]^ jjje short lengths of ihose SECOND FLOOR *
Si t Friday and Saturday at .... «9«#v v • \u0084 r . .Jj
g Macaroni, Spaghetti or Vermicelli, box aj«a together .with a. large qiMi:uty ==^===^ .%
S \u0084. . 190 of other sil^ and dress $,oc.<l* rem- __»--«-«,_*-• r» f flvfle CO—. \
fc" a Flavoring Extracts— Emporium brand. nants on sale beginning t!i« morning KuaaumiUVUS, 9UC >|
If pure extracts. 2-oz.. bots. 20c, 3 ior...sSc OilG m OU^iS*iQl* Ufffj> Goodyear's seamless rubber gloves, in red "5
ft Swiss Cheese— Best Ementhal, Ib. 23 O -r-t \u25a0„ •i j ' only; the kind you'll need for die fnrit pre- °5
$ Baking Powder— Emporium, guaranteed, Ihe assortment include tf , Moa and {<jr tbds of «,
S( >^-lb. 20c, lb. tin . . 370 Mohairs. VoaesEtamines. Gravenette. household work; as serviceable as any *
Swift's Washing Powder — 3-lb. Tweeds, Homespunv Poplins. Xrepellas, dollar gloves, pair SOc fi
a packages, 2 for 250 Beige. Cashraerev. Henriettas, Novelty Excelsior Fountain Syringe— With 5
*. Rex Lye or Silicon, 3 for ... . . 250 Alpacas, Batiste, Cheviots, Serges, etc. three hard rubber pipes: ',
J* Salad OH— De Luxe imported, gal. $1.90 Pongees, Black Taffetas. Colored Taf- I-«jU 65c; 2-aL, 750; 3-qt. 850 &
ti Iz-gal ..•-• $1.00 fetas, Peau. de Soies. Peau de Cvgne. Ku!?> Syringes from 35 C up 5
JC Yellowstone Whisky— For two days. China Silks, San'n . Duchesse, Habutai Imperial Hot Water Bottles — 'J
J full quart bottle ....... $1.05 Novelty Taffetas,. Ucqufcrr 1 . Habmai, Qts^ 60c; 2-ots^ 75c; 3-qts^ 35c )t
Si Fremont Grape Juice— Best Eastern, Crepe de Chines. Tusah Silks. Printed Colgate's Cashmere Bouquet Soap, cake 24c &
quart 45c, pbts . . . . : . . 25c Foulards. Pinaud's Vegetal Toilet Water, bot ... 6OC ''
£ Cabernet or Sauteme— s 1 .00 |^— — ' '' " : : 25c size Dr. Lyons tooth pow- ;«j
Si \u25a0 quality, gal ... \u25a0 790 + ,^W .<->- der 150 \u25a0*
H Black and White Scotch >OO . ff :-\u25a0 - 9 Bath Sweet— A perfumed luxury 5
g Whisky-Special. . $1.15 t££ S> Ss£s**^ /L^JL mm» m-^^ for the bath 250 •
2* Keller Whisky— Nine years sOc size Dt ' Charles £csh food *
: •• • $3*05 California's largest- J \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0^ J _u^ "" -^^— » Celluloid Soap Boxes— -*
h Malt NutrJne— Special, doz. \u0084, vii .'i.KHfliliHl'l \u25a0" Mottled and assorted colors, V
* 52.10 "™B^*«W "" AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORS eac h . . 2Sc %
p c ' \u25a0 \u25a0 I 1 3»
TORCH IS API'MED TO HOME
V ,' OFA WIDOW IN REDDING
Bulldlns, *Itn Contenta and Eighty Dol
lars" BelonKlnar to Local Lodse.
- > \u25a0•'. '.- Arc Destroyed.
REDDING; July 27. — Incendiaries to
day burned the home of Mrs. Lottie
Reed, a -widow. The house. Its con
tents and $S0 belonging to a local fra
ternal brotherhood were destroyed.
Several UuiiriinßM Burned.
.VICTORIA. B. C. July 27. — A disas
trous fire occurred this morning at Fer
nie, destroying many of trie buildings
of the town, including the Fernie Free
1^ xSSta K-hSi
Press ornce and the Xorthern Pacific of
fice. The- loss is $iO,OOO.
Western Addition " H a choice loca
tion for; home build inu or Investment.
See lint ot offers advertised ' In Sun
ilny Ilpnltj- columns.
Younc People, as Actors.
SANTA CRUZ. July 2?.— The opera
"Mikado" was put on at the Casino last
night by the members of the younger
social set of Santa Cruz. It was well
presented. #
He has no faith in God who has no
hope for man . *
GOES TO DFISERT IN SEARCH
OP HEALTH AND FINDS WEALTH *
Former Epineopal 311at<ater of Redding
Discovers Turqnolse Mine
In Nevada.
REDDIXG, July 27. — Rev. Norman B.
Harris, a former Episcopal minister of
Redding, who went to the desert of
Nevada a year ago In search of health,
has returned not only cured but the
owner of a turquoise mine said by ex
perts to produce gems superior to those
of Persia or Mexico. He has organized
a company and will develop the mine.
The mine is In Crescent district.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
QUARREL OVER
BODY OF DEAD
Possession of W. H. Berber's
Remains the Subject of
Much Violent Wrangling
WIDOW IS DEFERRED TO
» .
Undertakers and Fraternal
Lodges Are Involved in
the Unseemly Controversy
BERKELEY, July 27.— For four days
v the body or W. H. Berger, an organizer
for the Order of Americans, who was
struck .and killed by a Southern Pacific
train at Lorin last Saturday morning, has
remained at the local morgue in charge
of Deputy Coroner Btreightif, while rel
atives of Berger, representative* of fra
ternal orders and undertaken; have con-
tended for possession of the corpse. The
argument became so strenuous at vari
ous stages that resort to personal vlo
, lence was threatened, as well as recourse
to civil and police authorities.
Undertaker Jarr.ee Flnney of Oakland
came off victorious In the end.- He re
moved the body from Berkeley to bis
| parlors in Oakland last night. He will
'•end the remains to Lincoln, Nebr., fon
! burial. It is understood that he repre
\u25a0 sect* Mrs. Berger, wife of 'the man who
' was killed.
. Berger was a member of the Knights
lof Pythias, the Fraternal Brotherhood
and the Order of Americans. Undertaker
Ficney made the nrst claim upon Deputy
Corontr StreigMif I6r the body. He was
. accompanied on his visit here by C. W.
* Stone of San .Francisco, assistant general
j director of the Order of Americans, and
by F. T^ Bacheier, a solicitor for the.
order.
. STttEIGHTJF DKMA.VD* FEE.
Deputy Coroner Streightif had supposed
that the Berkeley lodge of the Knights of
' Pythias would take charge of the body,
and so he communicated with Chancellor
Commander A. C. Wright, James Carpen
ter and Dr. Condon, a special committee
appointed at the request of the Lincoln
(Nebr.) lodge to pay the lodge's tribute
to the dead here.
Incidentally Streightif demanded a fee
of ?25 for embalming the remains. Un
dertaker Finney refused to pay this fee.
In this connection the representatives of
the Order of Americans and the Fraternal
Brotherhood, who were present, declared
that those orders made no provision for
burial benefits.
As against this inability of the Ameri
cans and Fraternal Brotherhood to act
came the proposal or the Berkeley
Knights of Pythias to assume all charges
• of undertakers, and inter the body «ither
here cr in Nebraska, as relatives might
desire.
The lodge men with Undertaker Finney,
demanded, however, that the body be
given to Finney, and Deputy - Coroner
Streightif made a counter demand for
525, his charge for embalming. Then en-
Eued a warm argument between . under
taker, embalmer and lodge men.
couom-.h. bkcibiss dispute.
The matter was referred to Coroner
Mehrmann, who decided that the corpse
should go to the representatives of the
widow, if the charges were paid. Finney
demurred to the payment of $25.
Streightif offered to permit the deposit
of the money with Commander Wright
of the Knights of Pythias here, and if
Coroner Mehrmann should 6ay the charge
Tir«ts excessive to abide by the latter" s
judgment. The controversy raged again,
ana Finney nnally made a trip to Oak
land, and after more argument gave
Streightif his money.
In his excitement Undertaker Finney
took the corpse to Oakland without the
necessary permit from the Health Officer.
He discovered his error last night, and
returned in haste to Berkeley. The doc
ument had been lying on Air. Strfeighufs
desk, and had been overlooked while the
controversy was engaged in.
TRAIX CRUSHES FOOT.
OAKLAND, July 27.— 1n jumping
from a Key Route train near Flfty
eeventh street shortly after noon
to-day John W. Smith, an inspector of
the road, slipped and fell " under the
train and his right foot was so badly
crushed as to necessitate its amputa
tion. He is stationed at Fortieth street
end. has made a practice of riding out
near his home on Fifty-fourth street
and Jumping off the train at that point
To-day Tie attempted what he had .done
, many times before and it cost him his
ioot. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, but was afterward removed
to the Providence. Hospital, where the
operation was performed. . .
PASTORS' MOVEMENTS.
OAKLAXD. July 27.— The Rev. Charles
T. Walkley. rector of St. Paul's Epis
copal Church of this city, left this
morning for a visit to his former home
In New York. The , rector will remain
in the East until September 1 and dur
ing his absence his father, the Rev
Charles S. Walkley. and the Rev. Rob
ert Renison. assistant rector, will have
charge of the church. '
The Rev. Clifton Macon. rector of
Trinity Episcopal Church of Oakland
has Just returned from a two months'
trip through the larger cities of the
East and South. The rector will of
ficiate at all the services in Trinity
Church next Sunday.
California is well represented at the
Lewis and Clarke Exposition. One
county. Siskiyou. has on exhibition a
collection of nuggets valued at $40,000.
A single lump of gold, in quartz, in
cluded In the collection, is worth $4500.
Skin Diseases
are cured by
Hydrozone
.\u25bc and
Glycozone
Endorsed by tht Medical Pratcttlatu
By destroying germs, they as- -
sist nature to accomplish a cure.
Send thirty-five cents to pay ex-
pressage on Free Trial Bottles.
Sold bj- Leading Druffrtttt.
]T«t (csolbc Dales* libel belt* By sifßatu* :
61 0 Prince Street. N. Y.
Write Tor flre* ißformntlfin ahon t
Bt'DlUm>Xt:»nd 6LVCOTOKK.
AGED CAPITALIST
MARRIES IN HASTE
William H. Betts Foils Daughter s Efforts
to Prevent the W/edding.
TAKES HIS HOUSEKEEPER TO WIFE
BERKELEY; July 27.— Fearing that his
daughter, Mrs. A. H. Mac Donald, might
succeed In preventing his marriage to a
woman whom he has known only a few
weeks. William H. Betts. 78 years old.
was wedded In haste to-day to Mrs. G.
Forsythe. The bride Is 47 years of age.
Mr. Betts Is a retired capitalist, who
made a fortune as a dealer In wagon
springs and hardware In San Francisco.
His first wife died on April 13, 1905. She
was nursed by Mrs. Forsythe. Since
that time Mrs. Forsythe has actea as
housekeeper for the venerable capitalist
at his home at 2505 Telegraph avenue.
News of his purpose to wed the house
keeper came a few days ago to Mr.
Betts' daughter, who is the wife of A.
H. Mac Donald of Berkeley. The daugh
ter considered the proposed marriage un
seemly. With her husband she pro
tested and begged that Mr. Betts defer
his nuptials at least one year from the
date of his first wife's death.
This Mr. Betts declined- to do. He is 78
years Old and not sufficiently optimistic
to suppose that there are a great many
years for him to live. He believed in
taking time by the forelock. He Vould
not wait.
Mr. and Mrs. MacDoneld decided to ap
peal to the courts to prevent the mar
riage. Last night in Oakland they filed
a petition asking to be appointed guar
dians of Mr. Betts. Mr. Betts at once
made a counter move and was married
this morning to Mrs. Forsythe.
The wedding took place at the home
of Mr. Betts' son, Percy Betts, at 3030
Tremont- street. I Rev. W. H. Scudder of
the South Berkeley Congregational
JChurch performed the ceremony. The
witnesses were Mrs. Percy Betts and
Mrs C. L. Rogers. The bride and groom
went at once to Mr. Betts' home on
Telegraph avenue. Their wedding trip
will be taken later.
. The Mac Donalds announced to-day that
they would press the legal phase of their
opposition to the wedding, and will seek
to have Mr. Betts declared Incompetent,
alleging as proof this wedding of the
aged man. They characterize his action
as that of an incompetent person.
AGED BBEWER'S, WIFE
SUES FOR FREEDOM
Mrs. Caroline Palmtag Says
Husband Has Been Cross
Five Years.
OAKLAND, July 27.— With not a
pleasant word spoken to her by her
husband for five years after thirty
years of life together, Mrs. Caroline
Palmtag, wife of Leopold Palmtag. the
rich Haywards brewer, has Instituted
divorce proceedings against him and
obtained an injunction restraining him
from transferring or disposing of any
of his property until her suit ha* been
adjudicated. She charges him with ex
treme cruelty and says that thoy. have
held no conversation, together for
months past and the only words ad
dressed to her by him have been op
probrious epithets.
Palmtag is part owner of what is
known as the Lyons Brewery at Hay
wards and is in partnership with his
wife's son, Charles. They have con
ducted the brewery for many years and
own it jointly, the plant being valued
at $500,000. Palmtag married Mrs.
Heyer in 1875, she then having three
sons— Charles. William and Julius.
Julius has since died, but the other two
are still living and Charles Heyer is
Mayor of Haywards. Two more chil
dren were added to the family as the
result of the union. They are Mrs.
Flora Strobel and Miss Lena Palmtag.
Charging her husband with extreme
creulty, Giacomina Perata of 1189
Union street has brought an action for
divorce against Antonio Perata, asking
for a division" of the community prop
erty, which she says is worth $6000,
besides a large amount of cash her hus
band is in possession of. She fays he
has often struck her and sworn at her
until she can put up with it no longer.
They have three children, of whom she
asks the custody and $100 a month
alimony for their support.
Charles Koerner brought suit for di
vorce against Adelaide Koerner to-day
on the ground'of 'desertion. They were
married here in February, 1904. and in
July of the same year, he alleges, she
deserted him.
TEACHERS' PENSION FUND.
OAKLAND, July 27. — The annual ac
count of the Alameda County teachers'
annuity and retirement fund was filed
with the Board of Supervisors to-day
by Superintendent T. O. Crawford. It
shows that since the organization of
this fund in 1897. having for its pur
pose-the pensioning of teachers, $13,
740 25 has been paid in and that
$8235 14 has "been paid out, leaving a
balance of $5405 11.
The association began with a mem
bership of 228, but owing to a stam
pede among the teachers, caused by the
belief that if all the teachers in Ala
meda County could not be forced to
Join It would not be a success, eighty
three drew out and took with them
$5081. The association, however, with
its reduced membership is going on and
is looking forward to the day when
Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley will be
consolidated and contribution to the
association be made compulsory. vw
J2XFORCE CHILD LABOR LAW.
OAKLAND, July 27. — Enforcement of
the child labor law has caused the dis
charge from canneries of many young
persons, who do not hold certificates
from the School Department as to their
age and condition. Superintendent of
Schools JdcClymonds has been flooded
with requests for certificates. Boys and
girls between the -ages of 14 and 16
years must show written consent of
their parents to work during thn vaca
tion period. Children between the ages
of 12 and 14 years must show. a certifi
cate that they, have attended school
during the last term, as will as a cer
tificate of consent from -their parents
or guardians. . '
WAST A LAMBDA COUNTY EXHIBIT.
OAKLAND. July 27. — Albert Lindley,
the secretary of the State Board of
Agriculture, has requested the officers
and members of the Oakland Board of
Trade to assist in getting? an Alameda
County exhibit for the State Fair to be
held at the Agricultural Pavilion in
Sacramento during the first week of
September. Secretary Llndley says that
five prizes wlll.be offered for county
exhibits, the premiums being: First
$500; : second, $250; • third. $150; fourth'
J lOO. and fifth. $30.
LICENSED TO WED.— Oakland. Jufy 27 —
The following marriage license was Issued to
day: William M. Bete. 78. \u25a0 and Uracs E
For«rU»«, 4T. both of Berkeley.
THE. SAN- FRANCISCO CALL.' FRIDAY, JULY" 28, 1003.
TO EXEMPLIFY
A NEW RITUAL
Young Men's Institute Ar
ranges to Witness Cere
monial of Organization
OAKLAND, July 27.— The Young Men's
Institute councils of Alameda County,
comprising Nos. 6 and 8 of Oakland, 47
of Livermore and 24 of Alameda, have
prepared a programme for the exempli
fication of the new ritual of the order,
which was adopted last fall at Colorado
Springs by the Supreme Council. 'Jhe»
ceremony will take place Sunday after
noon at 1:30 o'clock at Pythian . Hall,
Twelfth and Franklin streets. •
Invitations have been extended to the
councils of San Francisco, San Jose and
Vallejo to witness the ritualistic exer
cises. It is expected ti.at not less than
600 members of the institute will be in at
tendance.
Preceding the exercises the visiting
members and their hosts will, attend
high mass at 10:15 o'clock in the morning.
The services will be conducted at the
Church of the Immaculate Conception.
The Rev. E. P. Dempsey, the pastor, will
preach. His sermon will be on a text
appropriate to the occasion.
The degree team, which will exemplify
the new work. Is composed of Past Grand
President Samuel Haskins, Past Grand
President A. F. St. Sure, Past Grand Di
rector William A. Kelly and Grand Secre
tary George A. Stanley. The ritual^ is
new throughout, and is -the result of
much effort on the part of the Supreme
Council.
PLAN A NEW HOME
FOR BOARD OF TRADE
Central Location Is Desired
for "Boosting" Alameda
County.
OAKLAND, July 27.— The Oakland
Board of Trade is proceeding steadily
with its determination to have a build
ing of its own, one which will be the
headquarters and which will have room
for the headquarters of all of the
"boosting" that will be done for : this
side of the bay. , It is now announced
that the Board of Trade has gone so
far with its plans that it has bonded
the vacant property on the northeast
ern corner of San Pablo avenue and
Eighteenth street, and that the organi
zation will now take up the matter of
financing both the lot and a proper
building. The purchase price of the lot
will be $20,000, and it has a frontage
of a little less than nfty-flve feet on
San Pablo avenue by sixty-five feet on
Eighteenth street. The option was ob
tained by the special building com
mittee of the Board of Trade, which
consists of Hugh Hogan, W. J. Lay
mance, John T, Bell, C. J. Heeseman
and W. C. Jurgens, and it has been
formally* transferred to the Oakland
Board of Trade.
The Oakland Board of Trade is sadly
in need of proper headquarters. At
present it occupies rented quarters in
a store on Twelfth street. The plans
of the board will be to erect a build-
Ing that will contain a room for a
permanent display of the products of
Alameda County, with proper meeting
rooms, reception rooms and committee
rooms.
The "All Day for a Dollar" excur
sions that were started by Secretary
Steams of the Board of Trade are
bringing thousands of people to this
side of the bay every year, and it is
the desire to have some place to which
they can take these visitors and give
them a few moments' lecture upon tho
resources of the .county.
BUILDING WIRELESS TOWER.
OAKLAND. July 27.— Engineers have
begun constructing the huge wireless
telegraph lower for the Pacific Wire
less Telegraph Company, which when
completed will crown the summit of
Mount Tamalpais. The work of fram
ing the tower is now in progress at
Adams wharf under the direction of
George Ross.
When set up the tower will rise 200
feet above the top of the mountains.
Forty thousand ;feet of timber will
be used in -' its construction, and
that it may" resist the force of the
heavy winds from the ocean it will be
strongly guyed every thirty feet.
A like tower will be erected at Hono
lulu and will be equally high above sea
level, that the direct! line of communi
cation may fully clear the natural cur
vature of the earth. The tower will
weigh more than 100 tons.
WIFE STABBEH IS I\ PRISON.
ALAMEDA, July 27.— Reuben O.
Miller, also known as George Miller/
was arraigned before Justice of -< the
Peace F. S. Cone this afternoon on a
charge of assault with a deadly wea
pon, and his preliminary hearing was
set for next Tuesday at 2 p. m. Miller
is accused of having stabbed his wife
six times on April 16, 1903. He was
taken to the -County Infirmary after
the cutting because of illness and es
caped from that: institution while Chief
of Police John Conrad held a - warrant
to serve upon him. Miller was arrested
in San Francisco Saturday for brutally
beating George Sweet. He was en-
Joying his liberty on bail- when Detec
tive G. 11. Brown of this city took him
into custody on the old local warrant.
ONCE PROSI'KnOUS; CATTLKMAIV
FOITXD PEADNEAR'HIS CABIN
John Donovau. Un A«#U I'lonerr o( Te
liatna County, in Culled by
Death. <
RED BLUFF. July 27.— Coroner Len
non received word by . telephone ; this
evening I thnt John : ! Donovan. : who "\u25a0 live'l
a few miles west i of i this city, had tbeen
found dead Just butsidt>; his -cabin idoor.
Donovan; was a' pioneer resident of Te
hamk; County, and was' at one \u25a0; time ; a
successful stock raiser, and rancher/ but
lately litigation ';and' reverses /had I left
hlrr. practically : destitute.' He" was S7
years -ot asjo."
Stained glass ;in the -, windows : cannot
mate up for putty; in the pulpit/
RAILWAY GETS
BIG REDUCTION
Southern Pacific Protests
to Assessments Taken Up
by Board of Equalization
LAND VALUES' LOWERED
Requests for Decreases to
the Extent of $205,000 Are
Taken Under Advisement
OAKLAND, July 27.— The Southern Pa
cific Company had its day before the
County Board of Equalization to-day and
got. Its assessments in this county mate
terially reduced. The largest reduction
made by tho board was on sixty-five acres
of land owned by the company where its
West Oakland yards are located. This
property had been assessed by Assessor
Henry P. Dalton at $200,000, and was re
duced from this figure to $75,000. it being
shown that of this amount of land fifty
acres of it had been assessed by the State
Board of Equalization, leaving but twen
ty-livfc acres for the county to assess.
The assessment of a thirty-four-acre
tract, upon which the Peralta-street
yards are located, was reduced from
$15,000 to $1, it being a double assessment.
A reduction - from $142,000 to $60,000 was
also asked on a tract of 102»£ acres, as it
is claimed fully ninety acres of it are
under water at high tide. The matter
was taken under advisement. This is a
portion of the Oakland water front,
which was so long in litigation.
A horizontal cut was asked on all the
ferry-boats plying on the bay, on the
ground that Assessor Dalton has assessed
Alameda County's »ialf of these ferries
at a higher figure than Assessor Dodge
has in San Francisco. The reductions
asked are on the Bay City, from $20,000
to $12,500; Encinal; from $25,000 to $22,500;
Garden City, from $12,000 to $9500; Newark,
from $45,000 to $37,500; Oakland, from
$45,000 to $30,000; Piedmont, from $35,000 to
$30,000; Berkeley, from $61,000 to $55,000;
Transit, from $20,000 to $15,000; Thorough
fare, from $20,000 to $15,000.
The assessment of $5000 on the Southern
Pacfic block system at Berkeley was re
duced to $5, as it was considered a part
of the system covered by the State's as
sessment.
The reductions on the ferry-boats were
taken under advisement by the board In
order that a careful examination can be
made of the matter. The 'entire reduc
tion granted the company by the board
to-day amounts to $145,000, and the board
has under consideration further reduc
tions asked for amounting to $205,000.
Other reductions cranted were H. M.
McKlnney on house, from $2250 to $1375;
Charles Katz on land at Pleasanton, from
$2725 to $600' E. N. Simmon on house at
Emeryville, from $-->00 to ' $1000; A. A.
Barnes on house on Telegraph avenue,
from $1300 to $900; Jesse Pond on house
on Fifty-third street, from $2625 to $600.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
"POET OP SIERRAS" RETURNS.—Oak
land. July I'".— Joaquln Miller, the "Poet of
the Sierras," has returned from his visit to
the Lewis and Clark Exposition at Portland.
BURGLAR IN LAUNDRY.^-Oaklaml, July
>>~ Toy Sue Tuen, a Chinese laundryman at
GOO East Twelfth street, has reported to the
police that a burglar this morning stole »jO
irom his place.
GRAHAM TAYLOR TO SPEAK.— Oakland.
j u iv 27 •\u25a0Social Morals" will be the subject
of an address by Graham Taylor at the First
Baptist Church to-morrow evening. President
King of Oberlin will also speak.
WILL GO TO ALASKA. — Oakland, July 27.
Dr. J. H. Woolaey, a pioneer physician of this
city will leave Oakland on Saturday morning
lor Alaska, where he expects to spend about
four weeks visiting various points of interest.
COUNTY MANAGER RESlGNS.— Oakland,
July 27.— Eugene J. Ellis, Alameda County
manager of the Pacinc States Telephone Com
pany, has resigned his position, and his as
sistant John Kearns, has been placed In
charge until a permanent manager is ap
pointed.
ALLEGED FORGER HELD.— Oakland, July
27. Arthur Crane, charged with passing forged
checks on C. E. Keys, a cigar dealer, has been
held for trial In S'JOiR) bonds. There are several
charges of a like nature pending. against Crane
In this city, Santa Cruz and in Contra Costa
County. ..,.--"
PARTNER RECOVERS REMAINS. — Oak
land, July 27.— Relatives of David Baretow,
the nephew of former Mayor Anson Barstow
3t this city, who was accidentally drowned in
'Alaska, have Just been uotfled that the re
mains of the unfortunate victim have been re
covered by his partner.
BERKELEY BOY LOST.— Berkeley. July 27.
Daniel Alden. a six-year-old boy. .who went
t-j San Francisco with his brother on Wednes
day was lost for a time at the Chutes. He
wandered as far. as Mission street and was
found by a patrolman at 4 o'clock yesterday
morning and returned to his parents.
POLICE SHOOT HELD.— Oakland, July 27.
Patrolman James H. Walters won the monthly
medal for pistol shooting in the July contest
at the butts. Walters' score was W> out of
a possible 75 points. . Sergeant of Police Hen
derson marie the same total, but ! Walters'
score was the better by Creedmoor, rules.
BELIEVED TO BE INSANE.— Oakland,
July 27. William Edwards, a well-known
character about the'- water front known as
the "Pirate " has been . detained at the Re
ceiving Hospital for hi« peculiar actions. His
son Fred Edwards, owns a string of racing
horsep. The old man lives on an ark In the
estuary. v
THEATER MANAGER ARRAIGNED.— Oak-
Iand July 27.— Ben Lust, matfager of the Nov
elty Theater. -pleaded not guilty in .the Police
Court tc-day to a charge of disturbing the
peace the complainnnt being Mrs. A. R. Al
baumi ar. actresk with whom Lust had a dis
pute concerning! salary. Trial was set for
August 2.
PARK THEATER CHANGES HANDS-
Alameda. July 27. — Charles Krlnsky. owner
of the Park Theater, has leased the playhouse
to Carlson & Robertson. , who . will hereafter
conduct It.' Isadore Lerner, who has man
aged the Park ever since it was opened, fifteen
months ago, will retire !\u25a0. from that position
with tht close of this : month. .
INFANT SON CALLED BY DEATH.— Oak
land. July 27.— Robert Crellln Fitzgerald, the
five-month-old son of ; Robert M. Fitzgerald,
former president of the' Board .of State Prison '
Directors, died yesterday at the Fitzgerald
home. 548 Albion street. The child was a
grandson of Thomas Crellln. president of the
Central Bank. The Interment will be private.
\u25a0WILL SOON BEGIN UNDERGROUND
WORK.— Oakland. July 27.— Mayor Mott : has
been - advised by John A. Britton. president of
i!-e Oakland, Gas, Light and Heat Company,
that the- corporation will begin, within sixty or
i.lnety Jays the actual" work? of- placing under
Kround Kb wires In the; districts as outlined
in the ordinance which the Mayor, has ap
proved. ' .' :. \u25a0.'•'. • \u25a0
FIRE THREATENS HARMONIE HALL.—
Alameda. July 27.— Fire broke out in a shed
In the rear, of : the residence ,of George Mar
tin 1413 Paru 6treet. to-day, and -Tor a time
threatened to .communicate to; Harmonic Hall.
The blaze was : caused by \u25a0an electric wire
burning out. The flames were extinguished
by chemical engine No. 3. with damage nom
inal.". : . •-..;. \u25a0\u25a0 .. / .' \u25a0:•..
DISPOSES OF HER PROPERTY.— OakIand,
July 27. — Mrs. Sydney. Lemon.; who died ; sud
denly yesterday -at her home,v7ofl -Broadway,
left a. will' disposing of her nroDertyamonsr |
various relatives. One of : the beneficiaries •is |
Mr». Janet: E..JWare,. for-years .a : devoted
friend. The estatn Is-, valued at I about $UOOO.
The Drobate 'matters \u25a0 are ;in the hands ..of
Attorney CarloßC 1 - White. ) V
V* TO DISCUSS FREIGHT FACILITIES.— Oak
land July, 27. — A 'Joint \u25a0 meeting, of * the railroad
committee of the | Oakland Board of , Trade,- tha
transportation I committee ;of the | Expressman's
Association of \u25a0- Alameda \u25a0 County • and \u25a0a' special
committee of the Merchants' will be .
held .at the; Board of tTrado rooms at 0 a. .m:
to-morrow to discus* the best method of Kettlnv
better transportation facilities on the Oakland
harfcor. route. ,j . _ _ . I
TELLTALE COIN
FOUND IN CELL
Gold Piece Drops From Mat
; tress, ; Where Schneider
Evidently Concealed It
ANOTHER LINK ADDED
Contradiction Given to the
Prisoner's Assertion That
He Had No More Money
OAKLAND, July 27.— Another ,link In
the incriminating chain which is slowly
being forged about John Schneider and
George AY. Blaker to hold them for the
brutal robbery of Thomas W. Cook, was
brought to light this morning In Schneid
ler's cell in the County Jail. While the
matron was turning over the mattress
in the cell of the alleged youthful foot
pad, a $10 gold piece slipped from a rent
in the ticking where it had been con
cealed, and fell jingling to the floor. ;
' Mrs. White at once notified the jailer
in charge of her discovery, and a
thorough search of the cell was made,
which resulted in the finding of a purse
hidden under the prisoner's cot. When
confronted with this evidence that he
had lied when he said that he had no
: money other than that which was found
in his pockets when he was arrested.
Schneider sullenly denied that the purse
or money was his property.
Sheriff Frank Barnet at once took the
purse and money, to Schneider's, home in
; East Oakland, and showing the purse to
the suspected youth's mother, asked her
if it was the property of her son. After
seme hesitation Mrs. Schneider said that
she thought the purse belonged to him,
and after she found that it contained $10
she became sure that her son owned it.
The finding of the purse and gold is a
flat contradiction of Schneider's declara
tion that he did not possess any money
except that found when he was arrested.
; At midnight Thomas _.W. Cook was still
alive, but It was announced that he might
die at any moment. .-•
DETEIOIINEI) TO KEEP
.-MOSQUITOES AWAY
San Mateo Trustees Adopt
Ordinance for Punishing
Careless People.
Special Dtspaich to The Call.
SAN MATEO, July 27. — By the au
thority of the Board of Trustees of this
city, a brand-new mosquito ordinance,
independent of but supplementing the
law recently adopted by the County
Board of Supervisors, is now in force
here. Under the provisions of this new
regulation severe penalties, including
tines and imprisonment, are provided
and will be strictly enforced. The ordi
nance declares, that a.l pools of .water,
c- other places where mosquitoes. are
bred, shall be .declared puDllc nuis
ances. .
The Board of Health Is" given author
ity to condemn such places and order
their abatement. If any one, the ordi
nance says, refuses to make tho neces
sary abatement ho shall be adjudged
guilty of a misdemeanor and be sen
tenced to pay a line of not more than
$50' or be imprisoned for a period of not
mbre than twenty-- »e days, or be pun
ished by both line and Imprisonment.
The ordinance was adopted by the
vote of Trustees J. H. Hatch, George A.
Kertell, M. J. Powers, J.P. Weller and
W. H. Brown. The authorities are de
termined that the pest, which has been
suppresed at much labor and expense,
shall not be permitted easily to return
to this neighborhood.
REFUSAL TO SIGX AN OLD
AGREEMENT CAUSES A STRIKE
Xew Owners of Laundry In Palo Alto
Having: Trouble With Their
' Employes.
PALO ALTO, July 27. — A strike Is on
at Couch's steam laundry. Lagt week
the laundry was purchased by Fair
field & Schutte of San Francisco and
the new proprietors refused to sign the
agreement with the laundry workers
that has b>een in force for two years.
About a month ago the same difficulty
arose at Palo Alto Laundry and the
employes of that : lace walked outl The
strikers are being aided by the Laun
dry Workers' unions of San Francisco
and San Jose and by the local unions
-of all kinds. Neither side seems in
clined to yield at present.
TAINTED BEEF NOT
KELISHEI) BY CHOPPER'
Hits Cook Who Served It and
Causes Strike' at Log
ging Camp.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, July 27.— A fight between a
Chinese cook and a chopper rt a logging
camp on Pine Ridpe »-as reduced the pop
ulation of the camp to the cook himself
and the boss of the works. For breakfast
yesterday. Lee Jim, the cook, served Wal
ter Fredericks with a piece of tainted
beef. The chopper r.t once climbed over
the table and knocked the cook down
with a catsup bottle. Foreman Fitzpat
rick "fired" the disturber of the mess
table. i>*nce. on the spot. .
The thirty loggers thought it hafd lines
that a man should be run out of a job
for^such a trivial matter, and they sent
a delegation to Kitzpatrick to say that If
Fredericks was no. reinstated "down the
hill" to Fresno they would go. "Then
down the hill you go," answered the
foreman,- and the loggers took their beds
and 'fltruck out, arriving here this even
ing.
BONDS FOR NEW HIGH SCHOOL
VOTED BY PEOPLE OF SAX DIEGO
Ilulldlng to Cost 9135,000. Will Be
Crevted on Site Overlooking
. the Bay.
SANJ -DIEGO. July 27. — San Diego
voted ; to-day , on ; the proposition /of is
"sulngisl3s,ooo. inbonds for a new high
school andthe* proposition easily car
ried, -about : 1200 'votes being, cast- for.
the 'bonds and 450 against. Only about
one-third of, the ; voters went to the
polls. The, new" school Is to 'be erected
on the site Vof. -the present structure,
on'a hill overlooking the city. It will
have I all -{the (advantages iof a -modern
high ' school. :\u25a0' Bonds were also : voted
for ? improvements ; to ; other " ; schools of
the jolty .and "likewise a tax for main
taining the city schools for the coming
\u25a0year.%-.- ;";-\u25a0;.' ' ,-: "\u25a0
WANT TO FORM
A NEW COUNTY
People of Mayfield and
Palo -Alto Are Dissatisfied
With^xisting Conditions
TWO PLANS .DISCUSSED
Next Legislature \Will Be
Asked to Solve Problems
Now bothering ' Residents
gpecial Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. July 27.—Consider
able interest is manifest, here in tne
project, now well under discussion, to
create a new county with Palo Alto as
the county seat. or. failing in that, to
annex Palo Alto and Mayfleld to ban
Mateo County. Both schemes have ac
tive champions and both- have bitter
enemies, but from present indications
the. battle will be fought out at Sacra
mento at the next session. of the Legis
lature. \u0084
The suggestion for these important
changes has its source In a well-defined
dissatisfaction on the part of the people
of Palo Alto at the treatment they are
receiving from the Supervisors of Santa
Clara County. It is claimed that the
wholo northern part of Santa Clara, in
cluding Palo Alto and Mayfield, receive
scant financial recognition from their
-County Supervisors, and while the dis
gruntled districts, contribute largely to
the county treasury they cannot even
have their public roads kept in a good
condition.
Acting upon their disgust with super
visorial methods in Santa Clara, the
people of Palo Alto are prolific with
reasons why Palo Alto, Mayfield and
Stanford University should be in San
Mateo County rather than in Santa
Clara County. It is claimed that Adobe
Creek, and not San Francisqulto Creek,
is the natural county dividing line. Fur
thermore, if Palo Alto were in San Ma
teo County it would be only four miles
from Redwood City, the county seat,
instead of seventeen miles, as it now is
from San Jose, the county, seat of Santa
Clara County. A tremendous advan
tage, it. is claimed, would be gained by
the change. .-,.» \u25a0. •
, It Is certain, however, that the people
or Santa Clara County will not wiUing
i ly permit Palo Alto, Mayfield and S.tan
ford University to go, into San Mateo
County :md the issuo of a fight is only
problematical. Another; scheme, there
fore, has been suggested to. overcome
the difficulty. This plan is to create an
entirely new county, carved out of both
Santa Clara and San Mateo, to be called
the County of Stanford. This, also, is
sure to meet with opposition, as San
Mateo would be expected to sacrifice
\u25a0 Menlo Park to the new county, and
this, the politicians say. will never will
ingly be done. How the matter will
finally be arranged for presentation to
the Legislature is a matter of conjec
ture, but that it will be in some form is
accepted. as a certainty.- . " \u25a0
IMPROVEMENTS
ARE DEMANDED
Special Dispatch to Thi CalL
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, July 27.—
One of the most Important petitions. ever
circulated in San Mateo and one which
will have an Important bearing on the
future prosperity of the county has had
its Inception . here, and- already has re
ceived the oignatures 'of corporations and
individuals representing millions of dol
lars. The , appeal presented In this docu
ment is for an immediate improvement of
the main highway of the county. t lt will
be presented to the Board of Supervisors
at Rodwood City as soon as a thorough
canvass of Important interests is finished
ard favorable, action will be demanded.
Among those who have signed are the fol
lowing: . ' ' .• -. I-'.-.. .
The Southern Pacific Company, the
Spring Valley Water Company, the United
Railroads, the South San Francisco Rail
road and Power Company, the "Western
Meat Company, the South San Francisco
Land and Improvement Company, the
Sttiger Pottery and Terra Cotta . Com
pany, the Crocker Estate Company, the
Bank of South San Francisco, the South
San Francisco Power and Light Com
pany and many other heavy, taxpayers.
The. petition is as follows:
To the Honorable the Board . of Supervisors
of San Mateo County. Calirornla: We, the un
dersigned, citizens and taxpayers of San Mateo
County appreciating the position our county
occupies with reference to the City .oft' San
Francisco, and recosnlzlng In th« present rapid
crowth find development of that city the im
mediate necessity of keeping step therewith,
and appreciating the fact that other localities
le«s favored by nature but more by 'enterprise
are seeking and obtaining me benefits of this
development and to our detriment, while we.
the natural beneficiary of tnis growth, lie dor
mant respectfully petition your honorable body
-o optn the doors of our county anj break
down th« barrier of no highways and poor
roads which has for ages retarded our growth.
Wo respectfully petition you to Improve the
Mission s?an Jose road ana to open and macad
amize Snn Bruno avenue *o as to connect it
v/ith San Bruno road. We further petition you
to light with electric lights the main highways
of our county. _
• KICHINKV. July 27.— An attack on the
jews in which several were killed and wound
en 's reported to have occurred at Ruska Nov.
ska (New Russia, probably a village near
klchinev). The number, ot fatalities is not
known.
SOMF.RSET. Ohio. July 27.— Former State
Senator William K. Fink and wife were fatally
burned to-t'.ay In a natural ?as explosion that
wrecked their home here. Mrs. Fink dUd a
few hours later.
WS/if\ 9TT& * s to * ove C k^ ( k" en > and no
ilfil/ Ekls i^fnS H %^v ome can c completely
WW \F \u25a0SB%M § a VF h a PPy without them, yet the
. ordeal through which the ex-
RLl^^^ElBflfe^ pectant mother must pass usually is
IHll IP so u^ °^ su^ er^ n S' danger and fear
I W|l w,9S that she looks fonvard to the critical
; : , v hour -with, apprehension and dread.
Mother's Friend, by its penetrating and soothing properties,
allays nausea, nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings, and
so prepares the system for the
have testified and said, "it is
worth its weight in gold" $1.00 per Cff%H/¥fffc/^
bottle of druggists. Book containing ifg Ba^llfli
valuable information mailed free. H fi M^yMß^fi
IdE BRADFIOD BIGUUIoa CO.. Atlanta. Ga.
WILL IMPROVE
WATER SYSTEM
Marin County May Soon
" Boast of Plant Equal to
Any in the Golden State
RESERVOIR IS PLANNED
Supervisors Asked to Make a
New Road so as to Allow
Construction of a Big Dam
Special Disrated to Th» Can.
•SAN RAFAEL, July 27.— 8y the fir*
of January, 1906, the residents of Corr-i
Madera, Larkspur, Escalle. KentHeM.
Ross. San Anselmo, Fairfax., San Rafael
and San Quentin will have a water sys
tem which will be unequaled in this
State. The poor water service in tha
three Irst-named places has deterred
many a homeseeker from building a
home on one of the many choice build
ing sites to be had there. As it Is now,
the residents have to economize in every
possible way to secure water enough for
cooking purposes, let. alone for other* pur
poses and then the water is not of the
best. In a comunicatlon addressed to
the Board of Supervisors of this county,
dated San Francisco, July 24, 1905. the
Marin County Water Company through
its secretary. A. Dalton Harrison, states
that "as the demand for a larger water
supply in Marin County is becomms so
urgent, the company feels it is its duty
to make immediate provisions to meet the
demand by the construction of a dam
at Phoenix Gulch at a point on tho
Bolinas road. About two miles from R033
Station. The company will be obliged
to use a portion of this road for the
dam, and It asks for the necessary per
mit. > .
Under a provision In their deed for a
right of way, dated June 28. IS7B, the
company reserved the right to use any
portion of the right of way whenever
necessary for dam purposes an dto give
the county a right of way at a higher
altitude, one that will not interfere with
the dam or reservoir. The company re
quests the supervisors* prompt atten
tion so that it can commence the work
Immediately in . order to catch the. win
ter's rainfall.
WORK TO BEGIN SOO^T.
The consideration of this communica
tion will be takeil up at th«» next meet
ing of the Board of Supervisors. It will
no doubt be acted upon promptly and
favorably, so that the work can be com
menced.at an early date. It is proposed
to locate the dam at the Junction of Bill
Williams and Phoenix gulches. It will
cross the county road from Ross Sta
tion to Boltnas. .The grade is very steep
at this point, and it 13 proposed to build
an easier grade and a safer road. ' .
The proposed dam will be 300 feet wide
at the top and eighty feet high. The res
ervoir wilt cover an area of about
twenty-five acres and have a capacity of
from 160,000,000 to 175.000.000 gallons, which
is more than the capacity of Lake Lagun
itas. It will.be fed by spri'nga. JAs the
highest point) of the"d*an» wiii'be jjhly J7O
feet above the sea level, the .company
will install a large pumping plant. The
water will be pumped Into a stand piße.
then through an aerator Into the stor
age reservoirs* at a higher leve>L • The
reservoirs -will be at a sufficient eleva
tion to force the water by gravity to
almost any point. The company will run
its mains to Corte Madera. and furnish
the Inhabitants of that town with water
at the same rates charged San 'Rafael-
Ites. :-:£'.< .-
The contemplated improvements will
cost in the neighborhood of $150,000. The.
strip of road In question is about two
thousand feet long. ...
Supervisor V. J. B. Cheda, in whose
district the proposed dam will be con
structed, In an interview to-day said:
I hay examined the site for th*»
proposed improvements. I find that tho pieca
of road which will revert to the wat«r com
pany for dam purposes is an exceedingly dan
gerous pfece of road and that a new road.
nlKher up which will be a safer ana mora
practicable one. can be . easily built for a
small amount of money. I am In favor ot
turning over that portion of the roa<f required
and the construction of a new pleco. as It
means a great deal to th« people of this rap-
Idly growing section of Marin County. , ,;. ,
FAVORS CO.VCESSIO.V.
Supervisor Robert W. Johnson, when
seen to-day, said:
I am In favor of any reasonable concession
that would have a tendency t» increase th»
water supply, which Is becoming v«ry lim
ited if the construction of the proposed d3m
will" relieve the necessities of a rapidly grow
ing population, which Is being kept bade
owing to the scarcity of water.
District Attorney Thomas P. Eovd. who Is
the legal adviser of the Board of Supervisor*,
made an examination of the- records of this
county and found that the right of way
through Phoenix Gulch contains the provision
referred to in Harrison's letter. He says that
there can be no legal obstacles In the way. .
President A. W. Foster of the Marin
County Water Company said this eve
ning: » ..'-•;
The water company has sent" %.' communica
tion to the Board of Supervisors In reterenc*
to moving: the county road' higher up. at
Phoenix Gulch so that we can construct a
dam and reservoir. The reservoir .wilt hold a
little more than Lake Litgunlta* ,-ijiii • will- en
able us to supply a larger territory.
There are many places whose growth suffer*
because of the inadequate water supply and
It will be to relieve their crying need* that
we will construct the new reservoir. Tha
reservoir, which will hold about 173.0<XK0<iO
rations can be commenced next month and
completed for the winter's rainfall. The larger
dam t«hlch Is near Llbertys. wtl} take . two
years to build. The construction of this dam
depends on a court decision.
DKATH CALLS MASTER MARINER,—
Gakland. July 27.— Captain Oscar W. Petter
son tor many years well £nown among th<»
master mariner* ot Sun Francisco, died on July
"\ at Fort Slanton. New Mexico, where n« hai
cone In an effort to regain Bis health. At the
time of bis d*ath Captain Pcttersan was 42
years of »«•• H« leaves a widow.. Mrs. Jennet
Peterson, and a stepson and daughter. Uptnn
Maher and Mrs. Alison Yon**, all of whom
liv« at ISOI Hisnland avenu*. In Berkeley.
Captain Petterson was formerly master of th»
schocner W. F. Jewef-"BLIND PIGS "
OBJECTIONABLE
Three 3fen and a Woman Are
Jailed for Selling Liquor
Without a County License
FIXED SHORT TIME AGO
Residents of Ross Valley
Determined to Keep Saloon
Men Out of San Anselmo
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN RAFAEL, July 27.— Verciarl
Bros., Oscar Lewis and Mrs James
Neefiham of San Anselmo were arrested
this afternoon for selling liquor without
a county license and brought before
Judge Magee. They were released on
$100 bonds. They were arreeted on the
same charge last August and paid fines.
Xeedham and Lewis pleaded guilty and
promised they would not again sell liquor
and each paid a fine of $75. Verciari
Bros, had a jury trial and were found
guilty and paid a fine of $100. Their fines
will be higher this time.
The citizens of Ross Valley are making
a hard fight against saloons at San An-
Eelrao. The Supervisors will not grant
them liquor licenses. The prisoners main
tain a "blind pig" for their select custom
ers and every customer is carefully scru
tinized before liquor-is served.
EAST AT LOW RATE.
Iluffal<i/\riT York and Return, at Little
Co ft.
A personally conducted excursion, via
Grand Canyon of Arizona, Denver, Colo
rado Springs, Manitou. Garden of the
Gods. Pikes Peak, Kansas City and Chi
cago; $$7.75 round trip to Buffalo, in
cluding Trip to Grand Canyon; every day
a holiday; the grandest sight-seeing ex
cursion of the year.
F. Qf A. Attention! This is your offi
cial route. Reservations should be made
at once.
For further particulars ask at No. 653
Market street, Santa Fe Office. "
ADJUDGED INSANE.— Mrs. Isabella Henry
wag adjudgKl Insan? yesterday by the Lunacy
Cc4nm&zloa and committed to the Najvi State
Ho*<F!tal by Judge Murasky.
Western Addition ia a choice loca
tion for home lmlldlnc or Investment.
See Hat of offer* advertised In «un
riiiy nrully ralamnn.
The man who blushes for his religion Is
only wasting his emotions.
y me — (
Developind
eNon-Curlin^ Films
My film- \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0•\u25a0 '.'.w best you can jet *n<3
my prices :;:• :> r- lowest to be found any-
witn. H«r- ai* * few Sirures:
zisZK Wei 2'4«3»4. ,20ci !!it^. 25c;
3*4*2«4. • ZOc: 3^t4ti. 35*;: 4x3. 5x4.
Try s cr CTKO Developing
Paper. 5 styJes. Sample dozen, any size
up to 4x5. 15c. sent prepaid. Here are
eerr.e prices for prir.f.ng: 2^4x3<4. 4c;
2Hx4ii. Si*x**-3 and 3Vlx-»i4. sc; 4xB and
SUx'H. 6c: 6x7. 10c: 10 per cent discount
on orders of irvore than 6 prints fr^-ra each
negative of not less tfcan six ae^atives.
Puli Use of photo fjpolles.
Order* br tnall promptly fllled. Postixe
ex:ra en £!»» or prlattar orders.
That Man Pitts
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer. -
100« Market St^ oppoatte Fifth,
gan Francisco.
A.BOUT TEE HOUSE
Don't you think It would Improve the
appearance of some of your parlor
rieces If they were re-covered with
pretty tapestry? We are admirably
equipped to make your worn-out furni-
ture look brand-new while you are
away fcr the summer. W« shall also do
your renovating and making over mat-
tresses Drop us a line and we'll tell
you about what you need and how much
t lt will cost. Jos. Fredericks & Co.. 84-
EO Ellis 6t.. above Market SU San Fran-
dsoo. Cal.
rREE MUSEUM OF iUTOHT
/||jSiy|j|b. Mcied to larger Quarters si
|g||i| 1023 MARKET ST.
Pay Museum Doctors
IS^ Only If Cured.
He&r Free Museum Lectures to Men
In Central Hall Museum Building. Sio
Kearny street, nightly. See new elec-
tric museum, anatomy of man and wo-
man. Learn secrets of life, mystery of
death. Know who should marry, who
not. why. Museum, educational, free
entertainments nightly. Teach why
thousands cannot get cured of Varlco-
ccle. Stricture, Loss of Vigor and Con-
tracted Contagious Disorders of Men.
Vaticocele and Strictures cured without
painful, dangerous surgery. No ancient
methods, no dilating, irrigating or
knife. To prove merits of new method.
" two weeks' treatment given, or mailed
free Call or address UNITED MU-
SEL'SI SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
The Dr. Liebig Staff
1023 Markrl St. near 6th. San Fra'ncfaco.
> visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
OF ANATOMY?
W Qf - T*«L«rf«»t Arawaleal Kunalitbi W
A ' "~£r? ITartd. ft'*»kßcuca «r •\u25a0» neatractd A
9 f^fil fcp«>*Uu ea the Ceut. Kit-Stjnrt. 0
A WJ OR. JDRDAH-DISEASES OF KEN J
A I jßifct U B " D ' (*r»»i!!f er br lni«t. A A
\H V A** *"" Ul# tcun I" «»«r/ cm* esfcruiicn. ¥
at it nW
7 1 I Ij \u25a0 MAitrtlAcr. MtLEO FOEli. 'A ¥
W DB.J(OBI>A9rA«-O..ia*>lS(ark»tKt..H.l>. W
lA/. T.^HESS;;
Tintmry I'lihllo nn<l AUorni-v-ni-l mv.
Tenth Floor. Room 10ir>. Claus Spreckels b>.l«
Telephone M*ln BS3.
Reaideace. 1802 McAllister "iit. '
R«*.)depc« Txlcphone Page 56«1.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
S33^irARKET ST.. CFP. VASON.
The Busiest Music Store inTown
HOTEL WAITER'S COIDUCT
ASTOUDS HIS BRETHREN
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
With the commendable humaneness
that marks all its actions toward both
guests and employes, the Palace Hotel
management permits its waiters to
withdraw from a banquet after the last
course has been served and to remain
beyond earshot of the post-prandial
oratory until the last speaker has had
his say. let, strange to relate, one of
the waiters at a recent feast in the
big hostelry not only neglected to take
advantage of the opportunity afforded
him to avoid the spellbinding, but
blackened an eye belonging" to the su
perior in rank who reminded him of his
privilege and then insisted that he ex
ercise it. The assailant was arrested
and booked for battery, and on the
calendar of Police Judge Conlan's court
he was registered as A. Combys.
A. Bava, the complaining witness,
told the court that he was the chief
waiter at the banquet in question, also
that the conduct of Mr. Combys was
most extraordinary. While his brother
knights of the napkin eagerly fled from
the dining-hall just as soon as the first
toast was proposed, Mr. Combys re
mained and settled himself In attitude
to listen, and when informed In a
whisper by Chief Bava that he was at
liberty to depart he coldly declared
that, he preferred to stay where he
then was.
"But," pleaded the chief, "you are
expected to report for duty at the
usual time to-morrow morning, and
you cannot hearken to the talk that is
now flowing and preserve the intellec
tual clearness essential to a competent
discharge of your functions to-morrow.
These revelers are alcoholically fortl-*"
fled to withstand the oral affliction and
you are not. Pray, come."
"Go "way," was the response of A.
Combys, "and permit me to enjoy this
Demosthenic treat."
Instead of going away Chief Bava
asserted his authority by commanding
Mr. Combys to retire and then enforced
the command by means of physical
force at the risk of derailing the train
of thought of a stout gentleman who
had juat cleared his throat with claret,
said "Mr. Chairman," placed his finger
tips upon the damask and exhibited
other symptoms of Intent to respond
to "The Ladies — God bless 'em."
After being: ejected from the ban
quet hall Mr. Combys tras discharged
from his position by the heSad steward,
and the following morning he returned
to the hotel and. smote one of Chief
Bava's eyes with a clenched fist. The
damaged optio was displayed as evi
dence and Mr. Combys was pronounced
guilty of battery, as charged in the
formal complaint.
Judge Cabaniss heard the thrilling
details of a row In the laundry of St.
Luke's Hospital and will hear more of
them ere he hands down a decision in
the case of Arnold Amsteln, accused of
battery by Henry Bredeson. Mr. Am
etetn. who Is chief launderer, rebuked
Mr. Bredeson, employed as a porter,
for carelessly casting some linen upon
th« Moor, and supplemented the rebuke
with unprintable words and expelled
Mr. Bredeson from the apartment. Mr.
Amsteln Informed the Judge that his
provocation was great, which he could
prove If he were given time to do 90,
and his Honor ordered a continuance
until witnesses can be subpenaed.
Alex ("Brick") MoPherson was com
mitted by Judge Fritz to answer In the
Superior Court the charge of extortion
sworn to by John Sheehan, who al
leged that he had ben mulcted of vari
ous email sums of money by the de
fendant on the plea that they were to
be utilized' in a smuggled opium deal.
Bail was fixed at $1000. McPherson ia
«_a old offender In this line, having
been up before on the same charge.
In his defense Mr. McPherson testified
th»i the money was forced upon him
by Mr. Sheehan, who averred that he
had engaged In smuggling tobacco in
Ireland, where he was a schoolmaster.
It was while he was under the Influ
ence of two bottles. of beer. Mr. Mc-
Phereon swore, that he wrote the let
ters to Mr. Sheehan, In which United
States Judges Morrow and De Haven
and Collector of the Port Stratton were
alleged to be Yin on the deal" to which
Mr. Sheehan waa urged to subscribe.
Incidentally It developed that Mr. Mc-
Pherson Is 60 years of age. and that on
his last birthday he was given $2 60 by
Mr. Sheehan as a present.
"Professor" James, J. Kelly, putative
champion high diver, was pronounced
guilty of -having battered, the face of
Miss May Young at 4 o'clook last
Wednesday morning on Kearny street.
Miss Toung appeared before Judge Con
lan and denied that" she had willfully
slumbered abed instead of attending
court the previous day. as had been al
leged by Miss Eleanor Elliott.
"I stayed away." said Miss Toungr,
"because Eleanor told .me that If' I
came here this professor would be
soaked for six months."
Then Inquiry was made for Miss El
liott, but she could not be found in
the Hall of Justice and a bench war
rant was Issued for her arrest and
presentation in court this morning 1 .
"That's a nice story she told you
about me being so sleepy-headed that
nobody could - wake : me up," said - Miss
Young In great indignation &o the Judge.
"She knew this professor when he was
making high dives at Eureka and the
first time I ever, saw him was when she
brought him to the music hall In, which
I sing and Introduced; him as her
friend."
Th*« two tattles will meet face to face
hrfore tlif'linr of » justice to-day.
"Jimmy" McLaujjhlln. a chronic misde
mpannnt. was dancing a strathspey at
F"mirtb .mi) Howard, streets, and George
McClum was enthusiastically,, applauding
him. '\u25a0l>"n Patrolman Boland arrested
Ivith «-r fb-ni for peace disturbance.
••Jlminie's" lw»«i record was Instrumental
in getting him sentenced to. ten. days' Im
prisonment by Judge, Fritz, while Mr. Mc-
Clum's comparatively clean character ob
tained for him only twenty-four hours'
incarceration.'
• • •
John Sullivan J and John Eliansen are
uart»rniß.steri aboard * th« " steamship
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAy, JULY 28/ 1905.
He Stays, in Banquet Hall
After Feasting and Gives
Way to Oratory.
DECLINES TO DEPART
Loses His Job and Retaliates
by Smiting His Chief
on Eye.
ACCUSED OF BATTERY
Barracouta. and after they had received
their wages $195 \u25a0 each, - John Eliansen
lost his money and charged John; Sulli
van with having stolen it.
"Not much," was John Sullivan's re
ply to Judge Cabaniss' query as to
whether he were guilty. "If I had stolen
this fellow's money I would now be hav
ing a time with it," he added, "for my
own pay has been spent." The case was
continued.
• • •
"Dan Barbee" was the name he re
sponded to in Judge Conlan's court, but
Patrolman Walsh said that his water
front sobriquet was "The Human Mud
Turtle." This title was aptly bestowed,
the bluecoat added, because its bearer
dwelt in the deep mud underneath the
Washington-street wharf.
"Is he an amphibian?" the court in
quired.
"No," chimed in the defendant, "I'm an
Austrian." * -
His face was thick! y caked with dried
mvd # his beard was heavily matted with
it, -wads of it cluns to his tattered gar-
ments, and it made his hands suggestive
of clay models. To enhance the hideous
ness of his countenance a pair of small
gray eyes, deeply sunken, shifted like
those of a rodent.
Patrolman Walsh told some things
about "The Human Mud Turtle" that
would not make pleasant breakfast-table
reading, but it is permissible to print
that the queer creature seemed to be con
tent to wallow In the black slime by day.
slumber In It by nignt and sustain life
by eating such food scraps as the tide
presented to him. Asked if he had ever
bathed, he cracked the mud on his face
by grinning, and then he muttered:
"Naw: what is de use of id?"
After the Judge had sentenced him to
six months' imprisonment and a compul
sory bath, "The Human Mud Turtle" was
herded back to the prisoners' cage, where
his fellows shrank from him && If he were
a leper.
• • •
Stephen B. Elliott was driving a de
bilitated horse, speckled with skin abra
sions, when the beast fell against a Sut
ter-street car, whereupon Albert Joost
of 525 Gough street summoned a police
man and gave Mr. Elliott into custody
on the charge of cruelty to animals.
Judge Conlan pronounced Mr. Elliott
guilty and will sentence him to-day.
Judge^fcabaniss pronounced Gus Vedeau
guilty of having scuttled the steam
launch Envy, belonging to the Union
Shrimp Company, as she lay moored to
the Clay-street wharf, and held hlm-,to
answer In the Superior Court, wlm bail
set at $1000. Mr. Vedeau is an employe of
the San Mateo Shrimp Company, ana the
testimony went to show that he hired
one Charles Stanley and paid him $10
to sink the Envy, which Mr. Stanley did
by boring, a hole In her port side below
the water line. Mr. Stanley turned State's
evidence, and his testimony was corrobo
rated by George Lang, who witnessed the
scuttling. '
The Original Little Heneflcencin Pnbllca
Company of San Francisco, Or-.
gntilzed September, 1893.
SPECIAL, NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
Owing to tbe fact that numerous scheme*
are placed before the public from time to time,
we would respectfully can. the attention of
purchasers of tickets to buy only from respon
sible agents aif] to see that their tickets read
as follows: -
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE BENEFICENCIA
PUBL.ICA COMPANY OF SA>" FRANCIS
CO—ORGANIZED SEPTEMBER, 1893.
Each coupon has the Initials M. & F. on the
face and back of the ticket. The following are .
the ' capitals, July 27, 1005: No. 1762 wins
$10,000. sold In San Francisco. Cal.; No. 12332
wins $1000. sold In San Francisco, Cal. ; No.
r 4272 wins $500, cold In San Francisco, Cal.; No.
5M wins J2OO. sold In San Francisco, Cal. The
above schedule Is for $2, rractlons In propor
tion. -\u25a0 ,|
The following ; capitals were paid by the*
above company for June 29/ 1005: Emll.Lam
«rdln (pressman with Lange Schooley Co., 610
Front street), residing at 736H Vallejo street,
San Francisco, Cal., $3750; George Ohlsen
(storekeeper with Popular restaurant, , 33 Geary
street). , residing at 417 Howard • street, San
Francisco, Cal.. $1260; collected by the Anglo-
Callforntan \u25a0 Bank, San Francisco, : Cal., for
client, $1250. \u25a0\u25a0 ' •
The Beneflcencla It. G. Company
OF SAN FRANCISCO. Organized . May, 1900.
TO THE PUBLIC: f . BEWARE OF ,: COUN
TERFEITS'. All genuine tickets of ; this com
pany have Initials "R. G. Co." on' faces , and
monogram , "R. G., C." on backs thereof.;, Fol-,
lowing are the capitals, Thursday. July 27,
1903: 1762 wins $10,000; sold In San
Francisco and Sacram«nto. No. - 12932 - wins
$1000- sold In San Francisco, Sacramento.
Stockton and Los Angeles. , No. 4272
wins $500; sold in San Francisco. •\u25a0" • No.
554 wins. $200: sold in. San Francisco
and Ignaclo. The R. G. Company paid
to the 'Anglo-Callfornlan \u25a0 Bank ; - for .< Mer
chants" National : Bank s of • Los' Angeles, Cal.,
$7,100 for whole ticket No.* 66827. drawing June
29 1905. Tdv.Wells-Fargo - Nevada National
Rank $2500 for\cl!ent In Los ' Angeles for wholo
ticket " No \u25a0 24786. drawing; June 29.. 1905.- To
F W i Krone. • 112^ Grant avenue. : San Fran
cisco CaJ. ' $1250,^ for : whole ticket No. 13845.'
dra w'lng June 29. v 10C5. J . To W. rA. Dougherty.
1016 Third street, Santa Rosa. Cal.r. $2000. for
whele ticket No. 23003. drawing July 15, 1905. •
-Try the United ' States; Laundry. 1004
Market «treet." Telephone ' South 420." • "
DR. BRENNAN
LOSE POINT
Supreme Court Thinks That
Physician Should Not Be
Freed of 'Responsibility
JUSTICES UKGE HASTE
Decision Does Not Put End
to Dispute, but Is a Big
Victory for the Plaintiffs
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that Dr. Thomas Brennan could not ap
peal from the Superior Court decree com
pelling him to render an accounting of
the $37,524 13 secured by him from the
late Father P. J. Grey. The opinion does
not establish the ownership of the money,
but Is nevertheless an important victory
for the plaintiffs' heirs.
It was alleged at the time Father Grey
commenced suit for the recovery of the
fortune that Dr. Brennan had been given
the money to deposit in the aged priest's
name; that the physician had. made the
deposit in his own name and that he had
subsequently withdrawn and concealed
the sum. Dr. Brennan asserted that he
possessed a document . conveying the
amount in controversy to himself, and
objected to rendering an accounting until
It should have been. proved that he was
guilty of fraud.
Judge Sloss handed down an interlocu
tory decree directing that Dr. . Brennan
hold the $37,524 13 until a final settlement
should be made. The physician was given
authority to deduct from the sum men
tioned such amounts as might be neces
sary to defray expenses , for, the care of
Father Grey and in recompense for such
medical services as the doctor , had per
formed for the priest. This decision made
Dr. Brennan responsible for. the money in
dispute. He objected to . the decree and
appealed to the higher court. Father
Grey's attorneys made a motion to dis
miss the appeal and that 'motion is
granted.
The Justices do not want any time lost
in having the defendant made entirely re
sponsible for the safekeeping \u25a0 of the
money, and in furtherance that plan
they made* the remittitur returnable to
the lower court forthwith. .
RECIPROCITY WITH CANADA
DOES NOT DRAW MERCHANTS
Invitation of Chamber of Commerce to
Supply Information to Committee
Meets With Scant Response.
The Invitation of a committee of the
Chamber of Commerce to business men
to testify regarding the effect* that a
reciprocity treaty between the United
States and Canada .would have upon
the lumber, coal, fish and grain indus
tries of the Pacific Coast was not suf
ficient to draw out the desired informa
tion yesterday afternoon. The commit
tee consists of W. R. Wheeler, George
D. Gray and Thomas Rickard. Only
the two first named members of the
committee and Mr. Ferguson of Moore
& Ferguson appeared at the appointed
time. Mr. Ferguson is interested in the
grain industry. He said that he had
not had sufficient time in which to
make up his mind entirely In regard to
the facts.
In the lack of testimony it was sug
gested by, r Chairman " Wheeler that
copies of a report made byrthe Detroit
Chamber of, rCommerce should -be se
cured in sufficient quantity to'supply all
members of the San - rancisco Chamber
of Commerce' , with the argument made
by the Detroit body "In favor of reci
procity. This suggestion was adopted
and Secretary Burks was instructed to
get the copies. Mr. Wheeler saM there
was no haste. No action would be
looked for until just before the next
session of Congress. In the meantime
the- members- could consider the entire
subject matter.
I Some representatives of the coal in
dustry and also of Pacific Coast fish
eries have already sent written com
munications to Uje.. San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce opposing in
dorsement of the Detroit Chamber of
Commerce- move in favor of a reci
procity treaty with Canada.
The San Frapclsco Netra Letter.
This week's News Letter is an unusually
strong and Interesting number.
The Chinese labor question Is treated In a
way that leaves no • doubt as to the News
Letter"? position on that 'question.
Newspaper reporters are vehemently ae
fended against the vaporlngs of a lot of un
savory New York writers.
The Bennlngton accident Is handled In a way
that indicates full knowledge on the part of
the writer of the condition the boat had been
in for a -long time. Dr. Stephen Is reminded
that hie game is about played- out, and the
gangs of tough boys that lounge about Golden
Gate Park are ehown •u» in no uncertain
language. . v ;;
The several department* are overflowing with
pointed, sharp,, witty and saber sayings. •
Tells TVame of Accomplice.
Edward Jackson, charged with lar
ceny, changed v his mind yesterday
and told Judge Cook that the
name, of his ; accomplice was Henry
Wenzler. The Judge- thereupon . made
an order allowing Jackson, who Is 18
years of age.to return to St. Louis, Mo.,
with his mother, Mrs. Mary A. Batton,
who profusely thanked the Judge and
embraced - her son. $ They will leave for
Missouri on August 1. Meantime the
boy will report dally to Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Ashe. He and Wenzler
stole a gold watch and chain from' He
rman Borchert on April 6. Jackson was
arrested -and Wenzler escaped. On
Wednesday .; Jackson refused to divulge
the name of his accomplice. .
Dr. Robert A. McLean
Has removed to N0.' 386 Sutter St., cor
ner of Stockton. Hours nine to ten and
two to four. . •
Envrrisht Ia Arrested.
Peter Enright, w-ho is accused of
having beaten Frank Hess, a driver In
the employ of the Bulletin.. about one
month ago and who "was Indicted by
the Grand: Jury, on a charge of assault
to commit murder, was /arrested last
night iby 3 Policeman -Percy. Smith and
booked at the City \u25a0 Prison: Enrighfs
ball : was ; fixed at ': $5000. He has
avoided arrest since the time of the al
leged assault. .
FOOT. CRUSHED.— EIton Brown, a . native
of Poland; living -at 2SI Silver , street, , was
working near a large belt .wheel yesterday
at ' the Pacific Rolling Mills , when suddenly
his foot was caught iln the machinery and
crushed. - He was treated at the Emergency
Hospital. -'. , - •
BREAKS FROM CELL.— Magnus Peterson
of 741 Mission - street.- an . Inmate of < the de
lirium tremens ward at the Central Emergency
Hospital, broke from his cell last night. After
a struggle \u25a0• with Stewards i O'Day and Hutch-
Ins he was : overpowered and again locked up.
A Surrey. Runabout and Top Buggy, or Stan
hope. lf. : bought \u25a0' of \u25a0ni.' : always 'lives- up ;to^ the
price. ---\u25a0 We carry the best'.thafsimade. -Lei
bold Harness i Company.; 2ll Larkln ; street." • . •
> CURFEW. 1 : " ORDINANCE *i. ENFORCED.—
Twenty boys - were ' arrested last night . In the
vicinity :. of the % City/ Hall - for^ being ; on i the
streets after S o'clock. --They were ; taken home
by :- parents 'and' relatives -after -a " warning
lecture/ .-' \-'\'. \u25a0\u25a0.:'\u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0.':-VT-'--"--. : '\. ..<,-'-;/- \u25a0\u25a0:/\u25a0
..That "prevention is better than cure"
Js ; a proverb-irri tant jto the man who Is
looking foriav cure. ! , Want i advertising 1
Is t not a' "cure-all," nor a preventive. :::i
t - No CO. D: or Telephone Orders Received cggese«c gge5e« Prices for To-Day Only— No Longer
Oil Cloth White Etamine Skirts , lin^ftS5 Sl .
/ (Main Floor) . . In shell and amber; these
Colored— I Yx. yards .wide; only - \u0084, Second tioori , combs seir regularly at 25c
i2\ y ards sold to each cus- Forty white etamine skirts of this seasons d Friday Sur- 4C^
tomcr. Friday Sur- -#/),\u25a0 ,J atcst . st yj es wIU . be offc ; cd ?? t s J his J "£f prise price, pair 13C
nn'sa nrire varH lUC Surprise trom cloak and suit department. \u25a0
prise price, yard...... IVW Some are plain; other 3 art . trimmed. Al- MaSOn Fruit Ws
HinU rUiiv ways sold at $4 to Surprise C 4)C 4 ) hQ (Third Floor)
Illyll Wflalf .price 4J£,O^%J i-quart size, with porcelain
. (Fifth Floor) '\u25a0"-\u25a0' lined caps. Worth 85c doz.
Made of golden oak; high back Friday Surprise price, /CC^
-and foot rest, and can be Cffff dozen ODQ
made into table chair. Reg- taflill wCf3w . t
ular value $2.25. Friday Sur- (Fifth Floor) j UfOCef/eS and LiqUOrS
prise price....... C-f 2C Embossed to imitate alligator; steel frame, For To-Day and Saturday Only.
tt 1 ** 77 * 7 brass lock and side bolts; swing handles, full Herrta* — Finest Mllchners;
15 *f T I size case. Regular value ffO "f f\ large fat fish; 7 fish 25c
UStfl iOWeIS Friday Surprise price $£.• l\J California Cream ChN«e-.N ? w.
\u25a0^*«« \u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0«^ \u25a0\u25a0 M «^ ;:.. J .% \u25a0\u25a0 I " mild; lb Hbtjc
(Main Floor) " Soap— Lennox: Just fits the
Bleached— Only Jiwo dozen to __ . __ -- . . „ hand; 17 bars :-3Oc
each custo^r FHtar.«j> Men's Handkerch efs r-. t °.. s:!-'s :!-'r Ho r. m^ -^
Surprise price, each.. V3l* A* ,\n 7 KlmeaiT* BoUed Eastern Ham—
\u25a0 (Main Floor) - j pound 2Sc
Boys* Wool CiiMifAW> Hemstitched Handkerchiefs; plain white or Royal Bakias powder— l-lb.
BOYS WOOl.^ Wea terS fancy borders; large size; Fast color; soft
A fine assortment to choose finish; big assortment of patterns. Regu- Ground Cnocolate — l-lt>. tins;
from. All worth $i.oo^and lar 3 for 25c value. Friday Surprise A- tin •••••••• •••••:• •:;;;j2S«
- some as much as $1.25. CE+ \u25a0 price, pair T^W tins. 53c; tin.. 10c
Friday Surprise price. V*/i# - Ro«e muic Condensed— Tin.. 10c
- ... . , v Poppy Cream— 3 tins. 25c;
—-T-— ———--• Dahderine Eastman's Violet P^nne - J a9 V * -iwsV 't^.
CUUFUIN r Takum packages; 3 pkgs 25c
Good for Friday Surprise 25c size. Friday Sur- lflllul " lkilors ' \u25ba;
• Sale No. 54 only.' \u25a0 prise price "f Q 2OC size. Friday Sur- London Dock Jamaica Rum—
-Upon presentation of bottle I? C ,pn»e price, JT- G - ExtVa"Jo sod5 od
th.s Coupon 'we \u25a0 will sell . bottle quality: regrularly 85c bottle;
jur best quality \u25a0 sale price 69c
B >f\ a I *•»\u25a0 Cant el A Coehrane Glnsr^r Ale
_^ - - . * • S *vi*ll^r or 3lcßrflycr uouroon 1^
Regular price 30c a pair, \u25a0 I aa^ml ,Yk ai 4m j <*^ 9 years old; regularly 54.00
for *m~W wr^m \u25a0\u25a0 mXa^Gi sral - ; sale prlce - s*i---s».is
A * w- I I AM\u25a0\u25a0 H m T \u25a0 Zlnfandrl or ni^llnsr— Worth
lOr tUrlCh A 9^#A% /^r \ double; gallon 6Oc
IWC I- CI VII JR^r C* Hunter Rye WbUkey — The
Only two to a customer. \u25a0 H » » American Gentleman's brand,
(Prager's— Second Floor) ! V| f AIMJaCV^S REUABLE per bottle 91.00
\u0084 ' mm a w^mrwnm^— r^%.mrmm^» - Port or Sherry — Rich and old:
ca "' yMARKETsiefONFS STS ,s;^"*£2!
— \u25a0\u25a0—^— — — — —^— ' - • .- • \u25a0 . • • Straight goods; gal 52.00
SAYS STILWELL
WILL SUCCEED
Henry S. Manning, the well-known New
York capitalist and banker, who has been
a guest at the St. Francis Hotel for sev
eral days, says the Kansas City, Mexico
and Orient Railway; commonly known as
the Stilwell route, will be completed in
side of three years.
Manning is a director of the I road,
which is planned to extend from Wichita,
Kans.. •in a southwesterly direction,
through Kansas, Oklahoma Territory,
Texas and Mexico to Topolobampo.on the
Gulf of California. He has the utmost
confidence in the ability of A. E. Stilwell,
the promoter of the road, to accomplish
his plans, notwithstanding the peculiar
manner he has gone about them. ,
From the very time that Stilwell under
took the construction of the line, and
since portions of the road have been built,
many of the financiers of the country
have openly expressed their doubts as to
whether Us promoter would be able to
carry , his scheme out successfully, and
not a few of the railroad magnates have
thrown obstacles in his way at every op
portunity. Singularly, though, on several
occasions, when it has been reported that
Stilwell had exhausted his financial re
sources and was about to give up' his rail
road project, the Kansas City financier
has suddenly loomed up with funds and
resumed operations. Now he seems to be
possessed of ample assurance of success
in his big venture, and, according to
Banker Manning, he has passed the point
where further interference to his plans,
financially cr otherwise, is not expected.
Discussing the road last evening at the
St. Francis, Mr. Manning said:
The general public has not thoroughly un
derstood the conditions under, which Stilwell
has been building>the Kansas City, Mexico
and Orient Railway and they have frequently
misjudged him. " He is building- the entire
road through construction firms and not
through the financial aid of banking institu
tions. The road is' being built, in sections
and he is already operating a portion of his
line. He has laid his rails from Topolobampo
on the gulf eastward for about one hundred
and fifty miles.* and westward from Chihuahua'
he has about two hundred and Qtty miles of
road operating.
A great deal baa been - said of his inability
to cross the Sierra Madre Mountains, but this
work will be the least of his troubles, al-.
though admitted to be an expensive under
taking. Sometime ago Stllwell's engineers dis
covered a pass through these mountains that
even the natives of the country had not used,
and It is through this outlet that 200 miles
of the road will be built with ! a grade •of
-IS' per cent and with only two short tunnels.
It is estimated that It will take three years
to construct this portion of the road and two
years is the « limit that has been \u25a0 sat on the
completion of the 600 miles of road through
Texas and the territory which has been
portly graded. In my estimation, and It Is
shared by * many of those who have accom
panied Stilwell on some of his recent inspec
tion tours through the country which his road
'is to Invade, the Stilwell route will b»- a.
' remunerative \u25a0 one and will materially change
the freight : conditions of to-day, particularly
In regard to foreign . transportation. - Shortly
after the , line leaves the western coast of
Mexico it stretches over - one. of the most
fertile sections of the southern republic, then
enters the rich mining aectlons. where abund
ance of business awaits It. The line has
also been surveyed through an enormous de
posit of anthracite coal that will prove a
valuable ' acquisition to \u25a0 the company. An
other point -In favor, of the road Is that It
will extend for miles and miles through ft
territory without paralleling . another line on
either side of It for a distance of 200 miles.
If the people of the United States have
shown any lack of confidence In the ability
of Stilwell to successfully carry- out his rail
road project * the people of Mexico have not
been so - disposed. No man In Mexico has
greater faith In : the Stilwell road than Presi
dent Diaz, and he; never misses an oppor
tunity to show : his confidence vwhen Stilwell
visits the Mexican capital.
FALL DOWNSTAIRS BREAKS
. NECK OF FORMER STOCKTONIAX
C. E. Grace Killed at. the Home of W.
S. THcCnlloußh Near Red
, Bluff.
; RED. "BLUFF, July 27.— C. E. Grace,
a recent arrival fron, Stockton and who
had been employed at" the Bend Colony,
north of j this city., fell " down stairs at
the home ; of ; "W. , S. ; McCullough , at that
place v some time during: Wednesday
nipht, .breaking his neck. The Coroner's
Jury .'••\u25a0':' found.' a verdict of accidental
death.;
AUTO RUNS INTO SURREY,
THREE PERSONS ARE HURT
Acclden ton 111k Tree Road ' Reanlts In
- •'•: Injury to .Two". 31 en and a _ -
, . ; Woman. <, .
\u25a0SANTA CRUZ, July; 27.— An automobile
ran into " a surrey last : night about ; half
past * ten Vat 4 Sycamore Flat on I the : Big
Tree^ road. s,Mr.'' Hobe.'c the ; driver of 3 the
surrey/ was Injured about the back.'- Mrs.'
Gregg ; of I San 'Jose : was " ; cut '• on the . head,
and: another 'i member i* of "the party
bruised Considerably.^ The 'surrey y. was
overturned; and badly wrecked. •>
'-. SUES UNITED RAlLROADS.— Josephine
Walford ; yesterday - sued i the ; United Railroads
f or '\u25a0 $299 r damages J-. for \u25a0 ; personal ,-. Injuries ; re
sulting '\u25a0 from : the ' sudden t starting of i%.\ car
which «he attempted to board at the ferrle*.:;"
OPPOSE MOVING
SCHOOL TO PARK
The "Western Addition Improvement
Club met last night to consider and pass
a resolution favoring the erection of the
new. Lowell High School building- on Oc
tavla street- The club opposed the idea
of having the school at the park, urging
for one thin? the "Injustice to inflict on
Western Addition scholars loss of time
and money to go to the park section."
The resolution, which was adopted, was
as follows:
Whereas. The ordinances of th# Board of
Supervisors providing for the issuance of bonds
to raise money for the purpose of purchasing
land and the construction of a new building
thereon for the Lowell High School also pro
vided that the land to be acquired should be
a certain lot fronting on Lafayette Park or a
lot of "similar size and of like value In the
Immediate neighborhood"; and
Whereas. The lot of full block f ronta«e on
west - line of Octavta street, between Sutter
and Bush, and offered for sale for aaJd site,
meets the requirements of the said ordinance
providing for said bond issue and is in the
Immediate vicinity of the present site of said
school ' and i therefore ', most accessble to the
patrons thereof; and
Whereas. While the Idea of having public
buildings grouped around Golden Gate Park
Is laudable ithe growing panhandle. Sunset and
Richmond sections will soon require a. high
school In that section, and meanwhile as th«
MJpsion has its high school It ia uaju«t to
inflict on Western Addition scholars loss of
time and money to go to the park section;
therefore, be it
Resolved, That we. the members of the
Western Addition Improvement Club In meet
ing assembled, favor the location of the new
Lcwell High School building on said Octavla
street lot. known •as the Bell property, and
hereby petition .the honorable Board of Su
. pervlsors to purchase said lot for said purpose.
v The -officers of the club are: O. M.
Goldaracena. president: L. T. Samuels,
vice president; Naph B. Greensf elder.
I secretary; J. Henderson, treasurer.
IN HONOR OF ST. ANTHONT.— There will
b2 high mass at the Spanish church on Tues
day morning at 0 o'clock In honor of St.
Anthony, when for the ' first time a relic of
the saint will be exposed. - "
fi J "'''" JJ ~ UU ~ t ' n i£££££££i£££££iS£££^^
OVERLAND
MONTHLY
N(OW OUT
I CONTENTS j
i Celery Growing in the Peat-Lands of California. By Arthur Inkerslcy [
( ' The String of Life A Lay, Sermon by Armond ;
I As the Dead Love (P0em).......... 1 ... A. By Stanly Coghill ;|
<: Alligators and Rattlesnakes near the Delta of the Mississippi <;
I; By Fred A. Hunt !;
!; Opportunity (Poem). ; ..By Jeanette H. Carey I
! The Outcast. By J. Gordon Smith ;
;' How We Caught. the Burglar .By Ethel L. Treble S
;' The Wooing of Titania.. .By Katharine Elise Chapman ;!
; ', : The' Birth of Friendship (Poem) By Ichhinotani Gleason ;
i; Adapted from'the Japanese. \u25a0;
j The White 0w1..... ;..i* By Lauren T. Tuttle j;
;: Humility (Poem) ." By Ichninotani Gleason
;! Translated from the Japanese of K.Shinomiya. !
'; A Mountain Wilderness in the City's Heart... By Harold French >
!; Lest We Grow Too Content (Poem) . . By Mabel Porter Pitts ;
!; Takenln and Done. For By John Baden ;
;> Their Golden Wedding Day............. ..By Evelyn Singer >\
;' The Legend of Lake Jonive...... .'.By Harry Willard Pierce ;
;! -The Republic of Colombia... ....'; ;...".......... 8y: M*ry A. Davis /
;! . Lethe- (Poem) .By Jeanette 'Heintzen. Carey !
' I \u25a0To Beautiful Miy a jima by Fishing Boat . . '. '. By Charles Lorrimer ; ;
!; An Apostrophe to the King Mountain of the Royal Gorge, Colo-' ;'
!; rado (P0em).....-................ ..By James Edward Wolfe
I 1 How Children May Be Trained to Express Thought in Music Lan- !
I' -guage. .....\u25a0..'.. " .:.V.. ..By Cora W.Jenkins ';
\'< Are the United States a" Nati0n?...... ;.:.... 8y Thomas Blackburn >
j; 1^1 s: Cents Ivnews^^lers ||:15 CentsU ij
PRINTING Ftn.MS CONCEDE
KIGHT-HOUR WORKING DAT
Amicable Agreement Reached With Sev«»
eral Bmploylnc Cuncfrni and .Mm
Return to Their PoMltiona.
An amicable asreement waa reached
last- nig-ht by the Hicks- Judd Company,
Stanley-Taylor Company. Spauldln^r
Bros, and the Sunset Pres3 with, th*
printing trades unions, the employing
flrm3 conceding the eight-hour day.
It was further agreed that the old
forces of men are to return to their
former positions to-day.
At the meeting of the Buildlns
Trades Council last night the following
officers were elected:
President. P. H. McCarthy; vice president.
T. F. Parkinson; recording and corjespond-
Ing secretary. O. A. Tvettxnce: financial sec
retary. Henry Thleler: treasurer. J. E. Me—
Dougald; sergeant-at-arms. W. H. Harv«y;
trustees — A. L. Hoi Us. W. W. Freeland. V.
A. Watklns. M. J. Kelly. W. J. K. Robinson:
organizing committee — George D. Keely. S. T.
: Arnold. B. Bell. A. E. Smith, J. P. Miller;
1 law and legislative committee — E. A. Clancy.
E. L. Nolan. L. B. Higgtns. J. M. Corbett,
Ed Wsfllaee; business amenta— Charles A. Nel
son and H. D. Beiz. '
On recommendation of the business
agent Jabez Swan, the painter, was de
clared "fair" and placed on the union
schedule, he having signed with tha
council to comply with union ' rules
and regulations.
An election and Installation of of
ficers was held by the Metal Sheet
Workers* Union last night, with th«j
following results:
President. Joe -Dennis; vice president. J. jy
Doyle; financial secretary. George McGratht
recording secretary, D. Cavanaeh: correspond
ing secetary. J. Leary; treasurer. G. En«ler;
conductor. Thomas Aimsely; warden. E. E»
Green; trustee. Thomas Carroll: delegates to
the Building Trades Council — Thomas Carroll.
John O'Brien and A. G. Green: delegates to
the District Council of Sheet Workers" • Asso
ciation, A. Comerford. Thomas Carroll and J.
Leary.
STREET , SWEEPER DlES.— James E.
Flanag&n. a street sweeper, who was knocked
down by a milk wapon on Market street sev
eral days ago, died from his Injuries yes
terday at the City and County Hospital. Th»
deceased was a. middle-aged man living at
740 Howard street.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHX D. SPRECKELS ... Proprietor
~~~~ ~~ ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
sons aicXAUGHT ~^» 3^ggg!
prBLICATIOX OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAX FRANCISCO
FRIDAY JULY 2S. 1905
THE PROTECTION OF TAMALPAIS.
npHE recent arrest of two boys for kindling fires on Mount Tar
n alpais brings into view the inefficiency of the law in such
' * cases. This arrest was made under a law passed by the last
Legislating, which makes kindling such fires a misdemeanor, and
not a felony. As a misdemeanor the act is punishable by a light
fine and the" penalty carries with it no ignominy. \ All offenses which
carry with them the possibility of destruction of habitations and of
life are, according to the spirit of the law, felonies.
Mount Tamalpais is the most majestic and splendid natural
object on the land near to San Francisco. It is itself scenery of
"the highest grandeur, and from its summit a vast circumference of
scenery unsurpassed in the world may be viewed. Its slopes are yet
wooded, in parts by quite dense forest, and everywhere there is
copse that clothes it in beauty. This vast and beautiful upraise has
been the scene of many fires. Lives have been lost there and much
property destroyed in years past by conflagrations. Every one of
them was caused by criminal carelessness. Those who set the
fires were guilty of manslaughter, at least, if not murder in the sec
ond degree, when lives were lost.
It is pleaded for the persons recently arrested that they are
"boys." Well, it is time to teach boys that there is a limit to their
interference with the rights of others. Boys put an iron rail across
the track at Scapoose, Oregon, and nearly wreck a crowded pas
senger train. Boys steal the red flag and track bomb placed to
warn a crowded passenger train that workmen and material were
in a tunnel at Santa Cruz, and a horrible catastrophe is barely
averted. It is time that this class of boys were made to feel the
consequences of their crimes. Boys snatch newspapers from the
hands of passengers on street cars in this city, which in,, law is
highway robbery, the value of the property stolen having nothing
to do with the grade of the crime, and the police laugh and say, "It's
only the boys." Unless boys are taught that the law puts a limit
upon their actions, they will be lawless men. The boys who built
a fire on Mount Tamalpais and were arrested had read the cau
tionary signs all along the trail telling them that it was unlawful
to make a fire on the mountain. But they had no respect for the
law, and it is to be hoped that now they are in its clutches they
will be taught a lesson.
The protection of Mount Tamalpais is believed to be a step
toward its acquisition and maintenance as a State park. This is
very desirable. On the Atlantic coast there is no such park near
the sea or near any great city. Nor is there any other on the
American or Asiatic coast of the Pacific. That splendid summit
stands alone, the only height that commands a view of the ocean,
the land and landlocked waters, from such an elevation. In the
list of the grandeurs of nature it ranks with Niagara and the Yo
semite and Yellowstone valleys. It is the only thing of its kind.
No one can build a competitor. If it be stripped of its garment of
forest and copse, its beauty and grace will be gone, and it will be
no more than a tower built by man, with a view from its lofty
summit.
Assuming that the jurisdiction of the new Forestry Board ex
tends to Tamalpais, it is to be hoped that the Chief Forester will
take steps to have the mountain guarded and that he will not com
passionate incendiaries who fire it, because of their youth.
In the older States public jurisdiction is being extended to all
guch natural objects, and in Massachusetts to even the individual
trees on streets and by the roadside. Every town in that State
has a "Tree Warden." " The funds to carry on his protective .work
are raised in the town budget. He has charge of the shade trees,
and it is worth remembering that the law especially requires that
lie protect them "from boys and animals." He prunes, repairs and
preserves the trees that give shade and beauty to roads and streets,
end has charge of the planting of trees. 4 This law was procured
by the Massachusetts Forestry Association. That State has no
Very extensive forest tracts since the destruction of such; ma,de nec
essary to get rid of the gypsy moth. The association therefore is
devoting its energies to the town and village trees, with the inten
tion to plant and preserve them for an object lesson in preparation
for the reforestation of the former wooded tracts of the State. In
California we have the forests standing. Let us preserve them. Above
all, let us firmly protect those imperial works of nature, the State
Redwood Park and Mount Tamalpais.
OLD-AGE PENSIONS.
T NDUSTRIAL soldiers who have served the commonwealth faith
! fully have had their interests well considered in a study of old
* age pensions made by the Massachusetts Bureau of Labor. The
expression "industrial soldiers" is used in the language of the report
in order to make the argument that such men seem as deserving in
their old age of aid or a retreat, which shall not be called charity,
as the soldiers who have served in the army. The bureau puts
forward no solution of the question of what is the best method of
establishing a system of old-age pensions in Massachusetts, but it
is emphatically in favor of some system. The pamphlet is just one
part of the annual report, and "it states facts for the information of
sociologists, philanthropists, financiers, insurance experts and the
Legislature.
The aim of the study at this stage is to give, the elements of the
problem, trusting that a solution may come from them by the
various classes of minds which may deal with them. It is pointed
out that every person in the city of Boston who does not pay his
proportionate share of the city's expenses is in reality a pensioner,
and a recipient of benefits paid for by persons who are taxed on an
income or property basis. A sample case is taken of, say, a worker
with a wife and six children. The per capita share of his family
would be $645 44 for city expenses. He does not and cannot pay
it, for his wage is only about $600. So that he is a pensioner to the
extent of more than his earnings. This is recognized as his right,
and the facts of his receipt of benefits which he does not pay. for are
merely cited to show that society as at present constituted has
really adopted the principle of pensions, although it does not always
recognize and acknowledge it. It is deduced from this that when the
soldiers of industry become incapacitated by old age they should
receive benefits from the taxation of property.
A strong argument for old-age pensions would be made out if it
could be shown that support could by that means be more cheaply
furnished than by the present complicated and expensive systems
of promiscuous charity. Old age when indigent is, and must be,
supported by some method of giving, and the pension system should
be arranged so as to prevent the bitterness of charity coming to
those who^ad truly been "soldiers of industry" in their younger and
vigorous 33 r ears. To them it should be granted as a right, not as a
dole.
The figures of the report show that the sum expended in charity
in Massachusetts is more than would be required to pay pensions of
$260 per year to persons over 65 years of age who were not other
wise provided for. In giving examples of the success of old-age pen
sions in other countries, New Zealand is cited as a prime exemplary
the report saying: "It has captured the heart of New Zealand. It
appeals to the kindliness of the people and their sense of justice, and
•is undoubtedly the most popular of all the splendid measures carried
by the liberal movement." •
Who would ever have thought that Chauncey Mitchell Depew would
live to hear Thomas Collier Platt praised for lending dignity and moral
worth to a United States Senate from which Mr. Depew is urged to re
sign ?__Kew York Tribune.
There are men in New York now who are finding the verdict \oi public
opinion scarcely less blighting than the sentence of a criminal corirt.— New
York World. r
THE* SAN \FRANCISCQ GALL.\ FRIDAY,yJULY- 2S. 1905.
OCCIDENTAL
ACCIDENTALS
A. J. Waterhouse
(The possession of wealth is an" iso
lation. Great wealth .brings its priva
tions and its sufferings. • • • I can
think of nothing more lonesome than the
man with an immense fortune.— Cardinal
Gibbons.)
I CANNOT doubt the words are true;
And you—
Why, surely you can clearly see
The fact so evident to me,
That wealth is isolated, lone:
In fact, the cases I have known #
Showed such privation, suffering, pain;
Such isolation, as was plain;
Such starving in the midst of fat.
And things like that,
That I, a sympathetic chap
Who hates to see a man's mishap,
Felt— yes, I did;
' It can't be hid—
I'd like to take the load of woe .
That seemed to hurt my brother so;
Just take his painful, golden pile
And bear it on my back awhile.
Don't smile.
I really did; that is my style.
For long on sympathy am I.
And, oh, my cash is sadly shy.
No; no bouquets at all for me!
You see,
I do not doubt you • often feel
The tear of pity downward steal
At thought of some rich chap's distress,
Who bears his load of loneliness, ,
Of dire privation, suffering.
And. really, all that sort of thing.
Because of cash we might have had—
It's too dern bad!
And so I say, and so do you.
For you are sympathetic, too:
"Alas! Alas!
Now here's a pass!"
How gladly, gladly would we bear
His load of loneliness and care! '-
We'd like to take— we wouldn't mind-
Some isolation of that kind. )-;
You'll find
On introspection you're inclined
To be "quite long on sympathy.
But short on cash. I, too, you see.
A HOPELESS CASE.
(4TVTO hope is entertained for the pa
:j.\ tient in this cell." said the gen-,
t'emanly attendant, as the visitor
and he paused before the grated door.
"Hopelessly insane, is he?"
"Yes. Listen to his mutterlngs."
The visitor listened. Like the dreary
patter of the rain upon the roof was the
incessant babble that he heard:
"Suddenly, as the beautiful maiden
stood in the translucent moonlight that
shimmered adown the bosky glen, her
hand was uolif ted to her white and pal
pitating bosom as if in terror lest her
corset had unfastened, and she started
back.
"She had heard a footprint.
"It drew nearer.
"She started forward.
."Nearer yet!
"She started back.
•'Suddenly the burly ruffian whom her
sire had retained burst from the under
brush. 'Zblood!' he hoarsely 'shouted in
a whisper. 'Gadzooks! It is— it is— me
Mabyl!' . . . : '\u25a0:; £7;.
" 'Me Jawn!'
"The whispering spirit of the wind went
dancing down the glade, tenderly caress
ing the maiden's peroxide locks, but, en
folded In each other's arms, they heed
ed it not. From their long dream of bliss
they were awakened by the beautiful
girl's convulsive start.' '
•" 'What ls't, me own?' her companion
tenderly Inquired.
" Tell, oh, tell me, Jawn, does me —
me—' '• '\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0" ; ' , '\u25a0 ' '\u25a0••' '
" 'Speak, me love. Hold me no longer in
suspense.'
" 'Yes, I will speak. Does me— me safe
ty pin show?*
"But hist! A long, wailing cry pierced
the silence, making a large hole in it
. "Again It pierced.
"They shuddered.
"Yet again. There were three holes
In the silence now.
"They shuddered some more. How
should they know it was but the family
skeleton out for an airing. Then—"
"You perceive what ails him?" the at
tendant inquired, as the two sadly turned
away from the cell.
"Sure!" was the answer. "He- tried to
read the 'six most-read books as fast as
they come not."
"You've guessed It- That's it."
IF YOU'RE GOING TO WIN OUT.
IF you're going to win out— and per
haps you are —
Why, the thing that you have to do
Is to just toll on 'neath a baleful star
As If it were dear to you;
You must meet mischance as you meet
good luck,
With a smile that is broad and big.
Go straight ahead with a steady pluck,
And dig!
If you're going to win out— and I hope
you may—
You haven't much time to spare.
Make hay in the shine, for the rainy day
Is coming, and you will be there.
So roll up your sleeves and your coat
remove,-.
And your sails for prosperity rig;
Be stanch if your merit you're longing to
prove,
And dig!
OLD Jabez didn't want so much,
As he expressly said.
But still he always wanted more
Wnen he had much ahead. ,-
He early grabbed, and late he grabbed,
Until he had a store: !
He couldn't rest between the grabs,
Because he wanted more;
And I've* concluded, after thought,
What Jabez said was right.
He didn't want so very much-
Just everything in sight. '/<\u25a0 r )
HEAR A PARABLE.
One who' had walked with care, anxiety
and pain lay upon his bed of death; and
as he waited the end and its rest a white
angel came and touched his eyes, so
that the blinding mists fell away and he
looked upon such a scene as was not
about him. .
Then the white angel stooped and mur
mured in his ear.' "Be of good cheer,"
he , said, "for this— your heaven— awaits
you." .
A bright light shone upon . the face
of the dying man as he whispered, . so
low that none; but the angel heard him:
"But these— these are the scenes and the
companions of my childhood." V
"It is even so." the angel replied.
A smile of ineffable peace illuminated
the countenance of; the : dying man, and
then he passed beyond, the mists, * ;\u25a0
For he had not understood in the; olden
day. but now he knew that a happy child
hood is but God's J dream of blessedness
for the weary, and grown children of his
earth. ;
"He said I was a liar."
•'And a fool."
\u25a0"Yes?". ' • -- ' :..'::<•-*;
"And only honest under compulsion."
"Did. hey?"
• "And all three of them at the same
time." \u25a0 ' \u25a0' ' -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0" '\u25a0'• ''\u25a0,''• • ""-\u25a0-"\u25a0 "\u25a0•
"What did you say?"
"Not a word." •
"What did you do?"
- "Nothing."
"Why not?'* / .
"He acted to me as if r he intended to
prove it."
TEAGH YOURSELF CONCENTRATION
A Scattered Mind Means a Tired Body
and Nerves Out of Gear. V
ANGELA MORGAN
A YOUXG woman writes asking me to recommend some method of mind
culture that will teach her how to concentrate. "I cannot concentrate my
mind more than one minute at a time upon anything," is her unhappy
confession.
She has plenty of company. The only difference between this young woman
and millions of her sisters is that she realizes her deficiency and they do not.
X congratulate - her upon her discovery^
and can encourage her to fight hopefully'
for the desired change, for her battle is
already half won.
Most women ' reach middle age before
they even realize that they have failed
to develop the faculty of concentration.
They go on worrying and struggling with
their work and wonder why they so
easily get fretted and tirfd out.
All over the land to-bay there are
mothers and wives and sisters perform
ing ordinary tasks and duties in such a
scatter-brained way/ that the effort which
ought to-yield only pleasure and interest
has the effect of wearying mind and body.
Some day the revelation is sure. to come
to these unhappy members of the frailer
sex that what really ails them Is not
overwork, but scattered thought force. A
scattered mind means inevitably a tired
body and nerves out of gear.
I call attention to lack of concentra
tion as being peculiarly a feminine fail
ing, because it is an admitted fact that
the. masculine mind has had the advant
age of centuries of training in focusing
the mental faculties.
The very nature of woman's work has
prevented rather than assls*?d the de
velopment of concentration, \
The busy mother, with children to
dress and with clothes to mend and din- 1
ners to plan, was compelled to think of
"so many things at once" that she easily formed the habit of dividing her mind.
When she sat down to read a book a part of her thought was occupied in won
dering if the baby upstairs would waken soon from his nap; another part was
worrying vaguely with the problem of what to get for lunch, and a thin thread
of thought reached out anxiously to keep track of the time.
What was the result? When she closed her book she was not able to re
member a thing she had read and was conscious that the effort had wearied her
and made her nervous. Her mind, not her body, was tired. When the mind
is not concentrated upon the task before it, but pushes ahead to the duties yet
to come/ there is an actual waste of thought force which results in physical
weariness.
weariness. f
To the young woman who has written me, and to all others like her. I
would give this advice: Begin right now to practice concentration. You do not
need to attend any school or take up any special method of mind culture to do
Make your every-day duties and activities serve you as aids to the mentai
control you wish to gain. You could not. find better aids if you traveled across
seas and continents in search of them. These are close at hand, awaiting your
appropriation. . . '
Begin with your dressing in the morning. IJut your thought into It. If
you find your mind wandering, bring it back. Keep on trying. - s
While you are brushing your hair, refuse to let your thought waste itself
struggling* to' hook your collar before it is time. And while you are buttoning
your shoes, don't send your mind scurrying into the kitchen to light the gas
range and get the coffee ready. m , <
You cannot possibly get into the kitchen any sooner than your body will take
you. When you do arrive - there, put your mind Into the work of gee ting break
fast and. don't let it go whirling off into plans for the afternoon and evening or
into speculations about the new dress you are going to make.
You can teach yourself concentration if you will persist.
THE MAN WHO HAS TO EAT.
THE farmer can declare himself and vow whn accents deep
He'll make a bonfire of his crops before he'll sell too cheap; .
The miller and the teamster, if their pay they do not like,
Can at least attract attention to their troubles by a strike,
And when the battle's ended
And one side's entirely beat, ;\u25a0
The man who pays the damage
\u25a0 Is the man who has to eat.
When capital and laW get together in a clash,
And talk grows warm and threats arise which sound uncommon rash.
The man who has tne real right to shudder in dismay
Is compelled to watch the scrimmage and not have a word to say.
A merry dance they're leading,
—.nd the plan is very neat; .
For the man who pays the piper
Is the man who has to eat. —Washington Star.
ROTHSCHILD AND THE SOCIALISTS
It is related of Baron Alphonse de
Rothschild, who died recently in Paris,
that on one occasion three strangers
called at his banking-house. They said
they had been deputed "by a committee
to inform him that a movement then
on foot at no distant day would com
pel all rich men to aid in redistribu
tion of wealth, and that his name head
ed the list. The Baron listened patient
ly and then drew a sheet of paper to
ward him.
"Please' tell •me the population of
NO MORE ROOSEVELT PHOTOGRAPHS
1 President Roosevelt has stopped giv
ing autograph photographs of himself
to fathers of big families. He found it
was too expensive a habit, and al
though his Ideas about race suicide
have not been modified he no longer
rewards proud papas and mammas with
personal letters and signed photo
graphs. !
The other day a Pittsburg man cele
brated the arrival of his seventeenth
child. He has been married 20 years.
He thought his. record entitled . him to
recognition from the President. • So
he wrote |to Mr. Roosevelt telling him
of his efforts to guard against race sui-
FRESH FROM THE FACTORY WHERE THE SUMMER JOKES ARE MADE
BLACK ; : ENOUGH.'
Printer— l'm all out of ink. sir.
Foreman — Then use, the office
towel. , . * .
Franco and her colonies," he said. One
of his visitors gave the desired infor
mation, whereupon M. de Rothschild
'made some calculations, at the conclu
sion of which he said:
"According to your estimate, gen
tlemen,, my fortune, divided equally,
represents 3 cents to each man. I have
much pleasure in giving you your share
now."
So saying, and to the astonishment of
his visitors, he tendered 3 cents to each
and politely bowed them out. —
Pittsburg Dispatch. #
cide. No acknowledgment came from
the White House, and an inquiry that
was set on foot to see If the original
letter had been received brought out
the Interesting fact that communica
tions of this sort are now merely filed
away. They have become so. numer
ous that they get neither a photo nor
an answer.— Brooklyn -Eagle. '- .
.: .;- \u25a0 — \u25a0 » \u25a0
Charles Lindley Wood, second Viscount
Halifax, will visit this country next fall.
Lord I Halifax is about the most widely
known layman in the Church of England,
being regarded as head of the advanced
party in that church.
HIS PLACE.
: MalBie-^-Why did . you ever
marry thallEnglish^ nobleman ?.\
'.: Da isy-7-Well, *£ you V see, • : •• when
papa* comes * home at night 7 from
the office, tired and cross, he likes
to have something around he can
kick. - : ";,. \u25a0 ,'\u25a0 -:.';.'\u25a0 \u25a0
THE SMART SET
Several San Francisco society folk
were among the guests at the canoe
! party in Miss Roosevelt's honor at
Honolulu.
Among those spending the summer
in the islands areV Mrs. -William Irwin,
Miss Helena Irwin and their house
guest, Miss Margaret Hyde-Smith.
They, with the following, comprised a
delightful gathering who assisted in
the pleasure excursion: Miss Alice Mac
farlane, Miss Nellie Kitchen. Captain
and Mrs. Niblack, Mr. and Mrs. Gerrit
Wilder. Mrs. Richard Ivers, Mrs. C B.
Cooper. - William .G. Irwin. Robert
Atkinson and Walter Dilllngham.
\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0•\u0084. • \u25a0 ' •
Mrs. Ada Sbawhan entertained a few
guests last Wednesday evening in
honor of Mrs. Grace Morei Dickman
and Clarence Eddy.- * ' "i
Mrs. Dickman, whose absence from
town has been of long duration, met
with a most cordial greeting and sang
with great charm, to the delight of her
friends. Among those who enjoyed the
evening were: Mrs. Grace Morei Dick
man. Mrs. Edith Hodges. Miss Gertrude-
Gates, Miss Violet Shawhan. Clarence
Eddy, Morris Dickman. Griffin Barry.
Alvin Leventripp, L. A. Wolff.
Mrs. Dickman and Mr. Eddr leave
Sunday morning for a tour of the north.
••. . •
The anouncement of Miss Carmen Sel
by's engagement to Frank •H. Johnson
of San Rafael is another surprise to
those even of the inner circle, the young
people having been so diplomatic as to
avoid all suspicion.
Miss Selby is a debutante of last season
with many friends in San Francisco and
Menlo Park. She is the daughter. of the
Percy Selbys who have made their home
for some years at Menlo Park.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank S. Johnson, par
ents of the groom-to-be, are well known
people of San Rafael.
•• * .
The children at Hotel Rowardennan
were made most happy a few days ago
by a tally-ho party at which Mrs. Wil
liam G. Dodge was hostess.
Many of these little people are 1 guests
with their parents from San Francisco
for the summer and thi3 coaching party
was quite to their youthful liking.
Luncheon was served on Bear Creek,
where the day was gleefuly passed.
/• * *
Joseph Greenebaum. the artist, will be
host at a diner this evening.
-• • \u2666
Mr. and Mrs. John Dickinson Sherwood
of Spokane are at the Palace, Mrs.
Sherwood having been called by the
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
FOR THE EVER USEFUL SEPARATE BLOUSE.
THERE are so many chinks in the wardrobe that cannot be filled by
anything but this ever useful separate blouse that one fervently
— hopes that its reign in this realm o. fashionable effects will be In
dennltely prolonged. The palest of pink chiffon — the double kind that
is so often miscalled chiffon cloth — Is used over a lining of & paler
tint of soft ' thin silk. The collar and little chemisette are In white ,
mousseline de sole, with little square bows of coral velvet spaced be- \
tween tiny ruffles "of pink gauze ribbon. A wider strand of this same
ribbon is bouillonned for trimming and disposed In dainty effect on the
front of the waist. A black satin girdle Is similarly trimmed, and the
sleeve is a full puff of chiffon that ends above the elbow, and the
sleeve is then spaced down with a group of gauze ribbon ruffles* lons
gloves completing the arm covering.
WHEN*' THE FROTH IS OX
I THE BEER.
"Gruet says that he Is a great
lover of marine views."
"I have often noticed him look
ing at 'schooners."
Sally Sharp
death of her brother. Douglas Cone.
They expect to be to San Francisco for
Tr 9 Sherwood win go with the Bohem
ian Club to attend Its annual fall Jinks
on August 1- * •
Dr. Alice Goss returned last evening
from Lake Tahoe, where she haa be^n
for the past three weeks.
• • . •
Dr. and Mrs. James JlOlJ 1010 ** o**0 *** 9
island of Hawaii arrived on the Sher
man, and will visit In San Francisco
for several weeks.
Mrs. MoUmy is a sister of Mrs. Gar
ret McEnerney.
• • •
Each week new visitors arc enter
tained at the Berringer Villa, the St.
Helena home of Mr. and Mrs. Henry
S. Butters, who constantly have a
houseful of friends.
Their recent lease of this summer
place has proved most satisfactory. t>
so great a degree that in all proba
bility Mr. and Mrs. Butters will buy
a home In that neighborhood.
Not long ago they sold their country
place. "Constantla." in Nevada with a
view to locating in the summer nearer
their permanent home at Piedmont.
Mrs. Randall Hunt, with her daugh
ter Miss Floride Hunt, who has been
spending Ipart of the summer at
Tuxedo, is sojourning this week at the
Sea Beach Hotel. Santa Cruz.
• • •
Mr and Mrs. William McKlttrick.
who have been spending the last week
at Santa Cruz, are entertaining Mr. and
Mrs. Robert Oxnard.
• • •
Mrs. John Deane and Miss Deane are
among the late arrivals at the Sea
Beach Hotel.
• • • \u25a0\u25a0;' * -\
Among the visitors at Santa Crvtz are
Clinton E. Worden and Alexander Wil
son, who are at the Sea Beach HoteL
:•"\u25a0\u25a0_• •
! Mr. and Mrs. Lee Merritt Olds are
guests of Mrs. Robert Crooks at her
summer place near Mountain View.
Townsend's Cala. Glace Fruits, la ar
tistic fire-etched boxes. New store now
open. 167 Market street. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
81 4th (front t>art>er>. best •yeglaww; apeca.
20c-50c; other atores, J2 30-*3 50. •
XOT OF THE EARTH.
"You. said that no earthly
power should separate you from
that girl, and yet her father made
her give you up." . "^ ;
"Well, he's a devil."CITY TREASURER
ANSWERS MAYOR
McDougald Notifies Chief
Executive He Is Fast Mak
ing Shortage in Office Good
SEEKS LEGAL OPINION
Asks Long for Advice as .to
Validity of Law Allowing
Him to Employ Attorneys
City Treasurer McDougald yesterday
sent a letter 10 Mayor Schmitz stating
that he has replaced 510,575 in the city
treasury to partially make good the
ehoria^e of $15,590 OS created by cashing
a check frauduJently presented by ex-
Tax Collector Smith. McDougald says
te Is in process of collecting the balance
of 55?;5 OS. which he will have in the
treasury in a few days. The letter fol
lows:
SAN FRANCISCO. July 27, 1905.
Eon. EL XI. Schiaitz, Mayor —
Doar £ir: I b«-gr to aokno-R-J«><lg« rec*!pt cf
ycur letter dated Ju!y 25. and In reply thereto
state:
Referring to the shortage cf J15.530 0S cre
atrd by eashiiig a checK fraudulently pre
*• nted by E. J. r=rt:ith. Uien Tax Collector of
Edn FVaadfeo. I h^ve already replaced In the
enjr treasury the cum of $10,575 and am In
yrocews of collecting the balance cf $5015 o*.
viiich I will have in the treasury within a
S < tr days. Of this total cf 510.575 I deposited
$:O.OOl> in the city treasury more than a
c:n;h ago. The entire sum fraudulently Fe
cured from the treasury by E. J. Smith under
cover of his official capacity as Tax Collector
•rill therefore be personally repaid by me, I
bavins donated every dollar I own and being
ceawwaay aided by frlenus. syrr.pathiiere and
laiicr organizations in niy iirork of personally
rf-ruridlng to the city of San Francisco every
n r.t of the money taken froai its treaaurj' un
fit r falas prettnsee by E. J. Smith. .
PAYMCXT OF FEES.
With reference to your allegations regarding
the payment of attorneys' fees for the collec
ts n of collateral inheritance taxes. I enclose
fcc-rewiih a. copy of a letter I am this day for
rardiriK to the City and County Attorney re
<,'j<>eting his official opinion. In writing, as to
thp legality of the paynstnt or said rees. I will
fcdd that I have upon many occasions secured
Itgiii opinions <Liii advice tnat satisfied me that
under the statute authorizing the payment of
ta id ff-e.-. tiifbursersent or tiic same was legal
sr.d proper. As £0.-;n as I receive the opinion
of the City and County Attorney I will prompt
ly transmit It to you. I will add that person
aQy 1 have ne\er taken the fees for the ccllec
ti( r. cr rcllateral inheritance tax allowed to
County Treasurers under the general law, all
of tiud fees ix-ins now and always have been
en JcpoEit in the city treasury pending the
df-cisicn of the Supreme Court In the case In
volving the iwue that was taken Into court by
try pre^LCeEsor in office. Respectfully.
JOHN E. MACDOUGAJJD.
City and County Treasurer.
ASKS LEGAL. ADVICE.
McDousaJd also sent the following let
ter to City Attorney Long asking that
off.cia! for a legal opinion relative to the
payment of attorneys' fees:
SAN FRANCISCO, July 27, 1905.
Hon. Percy V. L-ong.
C;ty and County Attorney —
Dear Sir: Sections 20 and 20*4 of the act ol
5 >\u25a0:.:; of the State Legislature, a* amended in
V.»Xi ar.<S re-enacted in 1905, for the collection
of collateral inheritance tax provide:
Section 20 — The Treasurer of each county
fhali be allowed to retain on all taxes (ool
latt-ral inherit ar.cf) paid and accounted for by
him each year under this act. in addition to
tis salary or fees now aJiowed by law, 5 per
t^nt of the first $50,000 so paid and accounted
Car by him, 3 per c<>nt of the next $50,000 and
1 per cent on all additional sums so paid and
tccount^d for by him.
Section 20i* — The Treasurer of each county,
!n his <ilKcret:cn, for the better furtherance
of the purpose* of this act, shall be allowed
to employ f=uch special attorney or attorneys
as he rrray deem necessary, who shall have 6.11
ih«* suty»oiity conferred upon the District At
torney tip sections 14 and 15 of tbls act, and
mrh •r-'Cixir:. ehall bo paid for b. r « service*
cut of the fees now allowed the Treasurer as
provided in section 20 of this act, and that In
en case shall ccn-.pensation exceed the per
centum allowed as such feea.
Will you kindly transmit to me at your ear-
J!rft convenience a v ritten opinion as to the
legality of payments made by me lor attorneys'
lees to special attorneys employed by me for
the collection of collateral inheritance taxes
ur.d^r authority of the sections quoted? Re
spectfully. JOHN E. SIcDOUGLAD.
City and County Treasurer.
The latest style of submarine boat
•with which experiments are being
made is a little English midget, thirty
four feet long, armed with two tor
pedo tubes and carrying a crew of
three men. It can be transported on a
railroad truck, or hoisted over the side
of a battleship with the greatest ease.
ADVERJISE3IEXT& [
Nervous Women
Their Suffering's Are Uaunlly
Due to Uterine Disorders
Perhaps Unsuspected
A MEDICINE THAT CUKE 3
f^jj" ' ..... ""•*^\ Can we dispute
/^^^^Sst^S^ 16 well - known
//^^^*^^^' : i^*act that American
Pv^^^^^'\\ WOmell are ncr "
t : -Sv%T »J |: :: : : : ; : : : : : : J How often do we
MJt^^^^^^^ vous, it seems as if
g m^^^m\e I should fly ; " or,
>j£&£»£3s<&2)) " Hnr.'t speak to
JhZmp fJL«/~ 7A me -" Little things
make yon irritable; jou can't sleep,
yon are unable to quietly and calmly
perform your daily tasks or care for
your children.
The relation of the nerves and gen-
cratiTe organs in women is so dose
that nine-tenths of the nervous pros-
tration, nervous debility, the blues,
Eleepiessness and nervous irritability
arise from some derangement of the
organism which make* her a woman.
Fits of depression or restlessness and
irritability. Spirits easily affected, so
tbat one minute she laughs, the next
minute weeps. Pain in the ovaries and
between the shoulders. Loss of voice;
nervous dyspepsia. A tendency to cry
at the least provocation. All this points
to nervous prostration.
Nothing will relieve this distressing
condition and prevent months of pros-
tration and tsuffering so surely as Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
Mrs. M. E. Shotwell, of 103 Flatbush
Avenue, Brooklyn, N. Y.,' writes:
" I cannot express the wonderful relief I
have experienced by taking Lydia E. rink-
ham's Vegetable Compound. I suffered for
a long time with nervous prostration, back-
ache, headache, loss of appetite. I could
not sleep and would walk the floor almost
every night.
•J I bad three doctors and got no better, and
life was a burden. I was advised to try
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,
and it has worked wonders for me.
" I am a well woman, my nervousness is all
gone and my friends say I look ten years
younger."
Will not the volumes of letters from
women made strong by Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound convince
all women of its virtues? Surely you
cannot wish to remain sick' and weak
and discouraged, exhausted each day,
when you can be as easily cured as
ZzZvr Sacen.
WAR AGAINST GRAFT
NOW VIGOROUS.
Roll of League of Republicans Grows
by Large Daily Accessions.
Citizens Are Advised to Scan Tickets
and Beware of Ruefs Tricks.
TO ELECTORS OP REPUBLICAN*
PARTY US SA\ FRAXCISCO.
\Vlieren», it has been represented that
vurioun Indivlflunis In the dilTereut dis
triotM have nrgiiufxcd, or are attempt
ine to organize, what the?- term "Regu
lar Repulilicnn Club*," implying by tbat
term tbat they represent, or are author
ized by the Republican County Commit
tee, the groveruingr body of the Republi
can'party. I deem It my duty to state
that the Republican County Committee
did itot authorise any one or any body
of men to act in its name or In Its be
half in any district in this city, but on
the contrary, by a vote of forty-three to
nineteen, refused to Indorse the forma
tion of anid club*. .
? CHARLES SOX3TTAG,
Acting- Chairman Republican County
Committee.
July 27, 1805.
The membership of the San Francisco
Republican League is steadily and rap
idly increasing. Every day the letter
carriers deliver at league headquarters,
636 Market street^ many properly signed
aud identified applications for enrollment.
The active response to -the call for citi
zens to enlist in the cause of good gov
ernment is regarded as an assurance of
victory at the primary election on Au
gust S. The awakening of the people to
a sense of their civic obligations is grati
fying to the founders of the organiza
tion. Men who make a study of popular
currents predict that the vote at the
coming primary will break all records.
There is well founded belief that the
league will sweep the town, elect the
Mayor and the entire ticket. '
Districts which were considered doubt
ful at the beginning of the campaign are
now regarded as safe. For instance, in
the Thirty-ninth, where Maestretti is
fighting for "vindication" and employing
all the strength that the Ruef-Schmitz
administration can lend him, the pros
pects of the success of the Republican
League ticket are remarkably bright.
Maestretti cannot win, even with the as
sistance of job-holders and the inmates
of the Almshouse. Many of the stal
wart Republican citizens of the Thirty
ninth will be compelled to walk ten or
fifteen blocks out of their way to vote,
as the Election Commissioners have es
tablished voting places to suit the Maes
tretti gang, but the Republicans will get
there and vote despite the trick to shut
them out. Moreover, the gangsters in the
Thirty-ninth will be watched in every
6hady precinct. The Maestretti crowd has
no thought or Intention of supporting the
nominees of the Republican convention.
The delegation if chosen to represent the
district would take tne Ruef programme
and at the close of the convention walk
over to the Schmitz camp.
There was a rousing meeting of the
committee of ten and the auxiliary
committee of the Forty-third Assembly
District at headquarters of the San Fran
cisco Republican League last night. The
regular anti-Ruef Republican ticket in
the Forty-third is headed by Wiliam H.
Davis. Citizens of the district should
not be misled. The ticket headed by R.
H. "Warfleld is the Ruef ticket. It is
not a regular Republican ticket in any
sense. It is In the field to do Ruefs
work and to embarrass and harass the
Republican citizens who favor a clean
city and a clean administration. There
are several good men. It is true, on the
Warfleld ticket, but they are out of place
among the Ruefites. For example the
name of Horace Wilson appears on the
ticket. Information comes to The Call
that Wilson stated positively that his
name was used without his consent.
Tho Forty-third is an important dis
trict. The standard of citizenship is
high. It is a progressive Republican
district and every good citizen that sub
scribes allegiance to the Republican party
should vote at the primary and should
vote the ticket of the San Francisco
Republican League.
As the Forty-third District contains
eighty hotels, apartment houses and
boarding houses, the Joint committee of
the league last night resolved to make
a house to house canvass of the dis
trict. Residents who are out of the city
for vacation will be requested to return
for a day and vote at the primary elec
tion. *
Through the agency of the league every
citizen of San Francisco, whether he be
at Coronado Shasta or intermediate va
cation resorts, will be requestetd to come
home and vote. Signs are that there will
be a popular uprising of patriotic cltizen-
Bhlp at the primary to overthrow the
forces of graft and boodle.
From the Thlrty-Bixth, Thirty-eighth,
Fortieth and Forty -second districts come
reports of Republican activity. In the
Forty-fourth District the Ruefters are
working day and night. At the tail of the
Ruef ticket in the Forty-fourth is the
name of Thomas K. Kase. In the dlrec
tory of 1905 Kase figures as big as life as
a resident of Alameda. Recently he was
on one end, at least, of a franchise fight
In that city.
The league club in the Forty-second
District has a membership of 700. R. C.
Van Fleet of the committee and other
active workers reported at league head
quarters'.last night that the club would
hold an open meeting at Scottish Hall
next Wednesday evening.
The Ruef ticket ha* been sprung in the
Forty-first District. Information # came
to Republican headquarters last night
that Judge Dibble bad Joined the Ruef
tera In that district.
The signed statement of Charles Sonn
! tag, chairman of the Republican County
Committee, is conclusive proof that the
organization of so-called Independent
clubs was not authorized by the govern
ing body of the Republican party.
TO ARREST ALLEGED STUFFER.
Election Hoard Orders Warrant for T.
\u25a0 W. Ilarrlncton, Who Ueglirtcred
FftlMl}-.
The Election Commission yesterday
directed Registrar Adams to swear out
a warrant for the arrest of Thomas Wtl
ltam Harrington for having falsely reg
istered as living at room 50 in :tat>
Hotel Higglns; 233 : 0'Farrell street,", on
July 12 laut. John' Hlggins, proprietor
of the house! testified that room 50
has been occupied by E. F. Gray and
wife since March 31. and that.no one
by the name of Harrington lived there.
'The commission cays it will make an
example of Harrington and .will pros
ecute him" vigorously as a warning to
stuff ers.
The commission ordered final, cita
tions to be Issued for. sixty citizens, who
have thus far failed to respond to sum
monses to serve as election officers.
Among these are several prominent cit
izens, and the commission threatens to
arrest any one who does r.ot answer the
flnn-1 summons. \u25a0;* i :
CLUB NAMES DELEGATES.
Tbtrty-SlxtbAssemblr District Organi
sation Ratifies .Selections. '
Representatives to the coming- munic
ioal convention were named last night
THEgSAN^FRANaSGO:jCALL;VFmDAy;rJ^
at an ethusiastic meeting of the Thirty
sixth District Club of the Republican
League in Harmony Hall, 1749 Mission
street. For the second time during the
present campaign the club members
gathered in force and were carried
away with the spirit "of the meeting,
unanimously ratifying the selection' of
delegates by the committee. :\u25a0
A prominent stand was taken by the
members voting that any one on 'the
Republican League ticket must, bo with
the party nominally and In spirit, or be
repudiated. Speeches during the even
ing showed that no half-way measures
will be taken and all denunciations of
former acts of this sort were lauded
with cheers. .
Remarks on the present political sit
uation were made by M. C. Dunn, Su
pervisor Fred Eggers, Henry N. Beatty,
Eugene Pfaeffle and others. By sug
gestion of Eggers the club resolved to
hold a rousing ratification meeting
on Thursday,; August 3, which will end
the public demonstrations in the Thir
ty-sixth District.
NEW ORGANIZATION.
Independent Labor Club Formed and
Officers Elected.
At a meeting held Wednesday night
at 1334 Howard street a club was or
ganized, to be known as the Independ
ent Labor Club, and the following of
ficers were elected:
President, John J. Kirwln; vice pres
ident, Edward Ames; secretary, John J.
Hare; treasurer, Frank J. Walsh; ser
geant at arms, A. F. Bussam.
The following delegates were nomi
nated to go before the people at tho
next primary:
John J. Klrwin, Joseph Jones,
John J. Hare, A. F. Bussam, Charles
P. Christensen, George P. Norton, Harry
Johnson, Frank Holbrook, Robert Simp
son, William Davis, John Minahan,
Charles J.. Hughes, Thomas Healy, P.
O'Brien, William Casey, Walter Stan
ton, Frank Bousie, Francis J. Walsh,
William F. Davis, William McKennan,
George Fitzgerald, J. Brown, Edward
Brutsum, James Lacy, Edward Ames, A.
Peterson, Joseph Bennett,
There was a large crowd present
and after giving three cheers for the
nominees the meeting adjourned.
MORE FIRMS AGREE TO HELP.
Will Give Employes Chance to Vote
Before They Go to Work.
In addition to other firms previously
reported the following^ave signified to
the Merchants' Association that they
will keep their places of business
closed on August 8 until 10 a. m. to
give their employes an opportunity to
vote at the primary election:
Sage. Dealey & Co.; Walter S. Pierce Com
pany, H. B. Arnhold, P. M. Lennan. H. M.
Hogemann, Colman Company. Hills Brothers,
California Tool Works. Uhl Brothers The
Parafflne Paint Company, Peter A. Smith;
Sherman, Clay & Co. ; Taber Photographic
Company, S. Foster & Co., Jasper McDonald,
G. Klschmuller, L. A. Rea & Co.. National
Pharmacy Company.- A. P. Hotallngr & Co.,
Schusaler Brothers Carl Cooperage Company,
W. E. Graves. ,W. H. Crlm & Co., HHbert
Mercantile Company. J. C. Johnson & Co.,
South San Francisco Packing and Provision
Company, Baldwin &\u25a0 Howell. F. Bromley Jan
sen. M. Merigan, Lloyd-Scovel Iron Company;
Pacific States Savings, Loan and Building
Association; Mount Shasta Mineral Springs
Company, Ohmen Engine Works; Cowen,
Helneberg & Co.. The Whltaker-Ray Company;
Clabrough. Golcher & Co.; A. E. Buckingham,
American Chicle Company.
HALTOX SUCCEEDS TAIT
IX MANAGEMENT OF CAFE
R. V. Halton, formerly manager of
the Hotel Rafael, yesterday entered
upon the duties of manager of the Tait
Cafe, succeeding John Tait, who recent
ly opened the resort and Is now plan
ning to take charge of the Cafe Zink
and. Arrangements are now being
made for the reorganization of the
company that is running the Tait Cafe,
and it is the intention of the owners to
change the name.
It was stated last night that the Cafe
Zinkand will undergo a thorough over
hauling and will be reopened on October
1 under the management of John Tait.
Newsboys to Continue Strike.
Midst the cheering of fully 500 boys
last night at the Alhambra Theater the
Newsboys' Union unanimously passed
the resolution offered by "Happy"
Dougherty, which propossed to continue
the 6trlke against the Bulletin for an
indefinite period. There were a few
of the opposition present to interrupt
the speakers with catcalls, but they
were quickly silenced by the members
of the union, who were greatly in the
majority.
A resolution was adopted appointing
Leon de Bernardl treasurer of the union
and expressing the fullest confidence in
his honesty and ability; and. Incidentally,
denouncing the Bulletin. <
"Making money in spending money*'
Is possible to those who buy things only
after having read all of the ads.
Japnn Will Issue Treasury Bills.
NEW YORK, July 27.— Consul Gen
eral Uchlda has received the following
telegram from Tokio: The Japanese
Government will Issue treasury bills of
$12,500,000 to-morrow and deliver them
to the Bank of Japan to renew bills
falling due for the same amount Issued
in Aprillast.
CLOSE SATURDAY
We close to-morrow— absolutely the last
day— and we close with the following
great bargain: ;:*::.::: ":: ::
HAND-MADE FRENCH GOWNS
Your choice of any of our Hand-
made' Night Gowns-^-were $50.00,^40.00,
$35.00, f $30.00 and $25.00— a1f handy made
and' embroidered, all sizes, tf CJ^
beautiful designs to choose T^ I /t/ t '
from.. While they last.... HPf— #fc-r >f
GREAT BARGAINS IN ALL 'CHILDREN'S GOODS
TX/^V^T TIT- CLOAK AND
V KJ^^Xj^f FUR CO.
2 \7 GRANT AVENUE.
AGREES TO LEND
VOTING DEVICES
Standard Company to Deliver
Machines in Time for the
Election in November
CITY IS RESPONSIBLE
Reluctant Commission Feels
Aggrieved Because the
Supervisors Have Acted
The Finance Committee of the Board
of Supervisors has received a telegram
from the United States Standard Vot
ing- Machine Company of Jamestown,
N. V., stating that it will lend the city
eighty machines in addition to the
eighty that were purchased last -week.
With the forty purchased last year, the
municipality will have 200 maohlnes
for, the municipal election in November,
enough to register all the.' votes la the
city. The company agrees' to deliver
the 160 machines by October 80.
Tho situation is somewhat compli
cated, however, for the Election Com
missioners refuse to take cognizance
of the acts of the Supervisorial com
mittee.
"The Election Board refused the of
fer of the company to lend eighty ma
chines," explained Commissioner De
voto last night, "unless it would ab
solve the Commissioners from liability
for damage or destruction. We wired
the Standard people to this effect, but
have received no reply from them.
"Yes, I hear that the Finance Com
mittee of the Board of* Supervisors has
agreed that the city will be responsible
forward eighty machines to be lent
company has telegraphed that it wih
forward eighty machines to be lent
to the municipality. But the Election
Board has the authority in the matter
and the Supervisors ought to have con
sulted us.' We can't take any notice of
what the Finance Committee is doing."
So runs the City Hall bickering:. The
Supervisors, It seems, have had to
force the Schmltz administration to
equip the cit/ with the contrivances
that reduce the opportunities of vote
stuffing.
The row first began when the Election
Commission awarded the contract to tha
United States Standard Voting Machine
Company for the purchase of the eighty
voting machines. At the same time the
Financo Committee accepted an offer
of a loan of 100 additional machines
from the same company. Tha commis
sion at once felt aggrieved because
the Supervisors had not consulted them
before taking action in the matter. It
developed that the Supervisors in ac
cepting the loan of these machines had
cut down the budget appropriations for
elections by $16,000, this being tho
amount tho machines would save in
expenses.
The commission then stated that it
would not be responsible for any dam
age that might occur to the borrowed
machines. At this period the Finance
Committee again stepped in and told
Frank Jordan, the agent of the voting
machine company, that the city would
be responsible for any damage that
might happen to them. The machines
were then ordered. Jordan says his
company will have to work day and
night to have the full complement here
and that they have already started in
to manufacture the reauired number.
Barns'
For up-to-date Women's Shoes that fit
and wear. $3.50 and $5.00. 112 Geary St.*
MAVQR W. PARKER LYON OF
FRESNO LEADS MERRY HUNTERS
Six Business Men Start for Deer Shoot
ing: on Preserve of Point Reyes
Sportsman's Club.
A party of six merry business men,
headed by "W. Parker Lyon, Mayor of
Fresno, will leave San Francisco this
morning for. a three weeks' hunting
trip on the Point Reyes' preserve. Guns
and ammunition they have in abun
dance and plenty of enthusiasm. The
Point Reyes Sportsman's Club's 20,000
acre tract, covered .with forest and
traversed by great gulches, is their
destination and they should not come
back empty handed, for the region
abounds in game. jj|
Besides Mayor Lyon the party in
cludes Cal McMahon, manager of the
Bartlett Springs Mineral Water Com
pany In this city; A. J. Burton, man
ager of the Western Agencies Company;
George H. Newman, manager of the Pa
cific Coast Glass Works; C. R. Puck
waber, a merchant of Fresno, and A.
J. Moore. .
Fire Damnices Roof of House.
Fire started last night in the. kitchen
of William Oliver's house at 1121-1123
1125 Broadway, and" before the flames
were controlled the roof was damaged
to the extent of $ 1000. The fire started
back of a range and, the origin is un
der investigation.
A remedy specially designed for the
treatment of all kidney, liver, stomach
and bowel troubles Is Lash's Bitters. •. .
CHARGED WITH INSANITY.— Mrs. U
Mugler was locked 'ln the detention ward at
the Emergency Hospital yesterday because of
her Imaginary complaints, which aha told ito
the desk sergeant of - police at the City Hall.
The unfortunate woman says her children were
mistreated while In one. of the city: hospitals.
Proof of her condition was seen when she
said Steward Manville of the emergency force
was her husband. < / , , .»;•.:
Western Addition, Is a choice loca
tion for; home building- or Investment.
See list of offers advertised In Sun
day Realty columns.
: " '' /^ "*" 1 J5 •A. '
yOunLcrieiL^
Read what one of the GREATEST NEWSPAPERS IN AMERICA has to
say on this subject:
"^The manufacturers of Castoria have been compelled to spend hundreds of
thousands:of dollars to familiarize the public with the signature of Chas. H. Fletcher.
This has been necessitated by reason of pirates counterfeiting the Castoria trade*
mark. This counterfeiting is a crime not only against the proprietors of Castoria.
but against the growing generation.. All persons should be careful to see that
( Castoria bears the signature of Chas. H. Eetcher, if they would guard the health
( of their children. Parents, and mothers in particular, ought to carefully examine
the Castoria advertisements which have been appearing in this paper, and to re-
member that the wrapper of every bottle of genuine Castoria bears the fac-simila
signature of Chas. H. Fletcher, under whose supervision it has. been manufactured
continuously for over thirty years.— Philadelphia bulletin.
* ' * ' ill sbbbbV bbbbT \u25a0Rb^^ -mm— \u25a0BF' Ida bUbv
\u25a0<i \u25a0 : i"niiiiniii>,ini\u25a0 i "' i i i \u25a0 i i " m ; r 'S 9m asansaTra^ffJH^^^iE^a^^M'aftß i,!^l« i^mtsW^mJt^
l^n&^ayJMi^t^tgfll 9 Th© Kind You Have Always Bought, and which ha* been
!QfF=£=^ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 * *^^ H U* XUie *° r over 30 years, has borne the signature of
, l ii.irt.iiiii...iii,..i.,.nn i iii.7n,^»ifFf 9 ,m __ and has been made under his per-
Vegetable Preparationfor As- S /^^vr^^V-?^- s© o * l supervision since its infancy.
simfla ting the Food and Regula- 11 l*&af7Z*<<*cA4A£ Allow no one to deceire you in this.
ting the Stomachs and Bowels cf a All Counterfeits, Imitations and " Just-as-good '* are but
,—— _ _,===j==|i_,_,j,-,-— — s Experiments that trifle with and endanger the health of
a f ft Ki^ij^ai^M » »l \i »>?\u25a0 M Infants and Children— Experience against Experiment.
Promotes Dtgcsdon-Cbeeiful- 1 What IS^ CASTOR I A
Opaim.Morphine norMmeraL m Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor OU, Pare-)
NOT NAH C OTIC. §1 goric, ' Drops and Soothingr Syrups. It is Pleasant. It '
\u25a0 t i ' \u25a0 .. " i if contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other >"arcotio
fytamtftmstSWUlZPnUßES B substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
r^ im^ m j^j. m and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Jb3£io~ H Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
jZfc%P^~ S and Flatulency.^ It assimilates the Food, regulates tho
jfeT?_Mt~g-*- V $n Stomach, and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
S?JW- M The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
J£%ZL* I CENUSNE CASTORIA ALWAYS
tion.SourStoiMch.DiantiDca, $& y^ Bears the Signature of
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- m mammaß^'''*^ 1^
ness and Loss OF SLE£B wL fJi S f SI * S7-
YTEW YORK. B * *
kmmm&Mj The Kind You Have Always Bought
i B In Use For Over 3O Years.
H EXACT COPY Or WRAPPER. ]£m
B _ mmJfW ™ t c»«T»oa eesMNT, tt hudmt bt, new your cmr.
Salary la Too High.
James F. Cosgraye, who was appoint
ed storekeeper mechanic by the Elec
tion Commissioners, at a salary of $125
per month, will experience some trou
ble in collecting the . full amount. In
quiry yesterday disclosed that the ordi
nance passed by the Board of Supervis
ors creating the position on January 7
last fixes the compensation at $100 per
month. Cosgrave will have charge of
the election supplies and voting ma
chines.
Personal Self Respect
requires personal attention. Your
scalp and hair need intelligent
care just as much as your skin
and teeth. Dandruff appears just
as soon as one becomes careless.
ED. PINAUD'S
EAUDE QUININE HAIR TONIC
cures dandruff— cleanses the scalp
—makes beautiful hair.
ED. PINAOTyS BAU DE QUI-
PAPP MX£ HAIR TONIC for three
LtLfL.lL' applications; enough' exquisite
\u25a0\u25a0 Is §\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 perfume for flve times, and fa-
I I ILL. rnous KLIXIR DENTIFRICE for
- . flve times. Bend 10c to pay post-
age and packing. '
WRITE TO-DAY !*•; . pin * nd '* Anerietn OJBm,
Back East Excursions
Round Trip Mats to
Chicago" . $72 so .
St.7L.ouis 67 50; , r
..Memphis . 67,50.
New Orleans 67 SO i :--".
-.-\_ Kansas^City J '6000 -
i ' Omaha . 60 00
I St. Paul ' t 70 00
Minneapolis « .7000
: Duluth .72 <;o '"
Fort-Worth \u0084% ; . 60 00
;-'.i,New:Yorkr? ; - 108. so
Boston : : xoo $0 1
i -Philadelphia 107 50
Baltimore ' 107 00
/\u25a0 Washinßton.^D. C 107 00
OK 8ALB :-'•\u25a0\u25a0;:-,-.
'£ JnJy 24-25-26.
A\i»ust 15-l«-24-25.
, fß*ptember T-8-9-10-U-18-17.
Good tor, 80, days.
DIICVIK Akp RSTOBH $55.00 \
'on BALt <:\ i \u25a0 .v-:V ; "- : ; :.: \u25a0'''''\u25a0. ':.:';:.
Anjrast* 10-11-12-30-81. '
'\u25a0\u25a0^•\u25a0i Good' lor 40; days. "
Thest tickets are- all honored oa
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED
-, "'." '. : . ASK THE ; BANTA . FB^'a
•S3 Vsrkat Btnet
: 'gf6k \u25a0\u25a0A\u25a0 J% ; Amaaßltloiti. Huntlns and
il lIMM \P Eporttnr Goods. Largest
\u25a0_l 1111.^8.' «toclc. LowMt prices. Send
I'll I IVsl for catalogue.
UUIIU SHKEVB & BARBER CO..
™~- 73» * Market st . -: and ,m.
: ,;\u25a0;• ;\u25a0;•:..•\u25a0 "..-•-.\u25a0 Kavmr st.
A VAUDEVILLE FESTIVAL!
air. S. Miller Kent and Company: AVil-
ton Brothers {Messenjcer Boys* Trloi
La BeUe EsteUlta, and Orpbeum Mo-
tion Pictures. -
LAST TIMES OF
BERTIE FOWLER;
De Koe Trio; Talbot and Roarers and
Henrlette De Serrls*
Bronze and Marble Statuary.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— IOc. 25c and BOc
MATINEE TO-MORRROW at 2 O'clock.
SECOND WEEK.
Performance Begins at c u'Clock Sharp
D» Koven and Smith's Romantic Comic Opera.
ROB ROY
GREAT SUCCESS OP
- KATE CONDON
• ANNA LICHTER.
ARTHUR CUNNINGHAM.
: - TEDDY "WEBB.
FRANK R. HAVES
AND BARRON BERTHALD.
PRODUCTION STAGED BY MAX FREEMAN
First Time at Popular Prlcw — 25c, 80c. Tso»
GRANDSZ%\S
• GUCKMAN*3
Yiddish Players
To-Night
M JEWISH >. VICE *. KING
(Bitter than "KOI* NIDRET.")
To-Morrow & Sunday Mats., "Jewish Priest"
, : '. .. SPECIAL I ENGAaEMENT OP .
...BERTHA TANZMAN...
To-Uorroi Night, "Seliinitb"
Sontiay Night, ''Joseph Id Egypt"
Comins-DENIS O'SULLIVAN
CALIFORNIA H™
BELASCO. MAYER and PRICE Present
MR. '"•'-"==
HARRY MESTAYER
AND A I SPECIAL COMPANT .
In Ibsen's Famous Play
G H OSTS
SATOBDATi MATINEE and NIGHT. July 29.
. SUNDAY NIGHT, July 30.
SBATSKOW OX. SALE.
HOTEL
Compressed . Air cleanln* . plaat
. Room , telephones "
Ettam heat and ooen fires.
Perfect 1 ventilation "
Plp« organ and orchestra /
Perfect service " v !
' Unexcelled qulslns .
Every luxury ' attalnabls
AMI'SEM E.\TS.
CENTRALS
Market Street. Near Eighth. .. Phor.e SoutS 033
LAST THnKE NIGHTS.
3IATIXEES TO-MORROW and SCXDAY
Raaspearance of tbe Favorite Actor.
HERsCHEL MAYALL
In Joseph Arthur's Great Rural Comedy Drama
BLUE JEANS
A Taie. of Sweetness That Will Never b« For-
gotten.
Elaborate Scenic InYestlture and th« Greatest
Effect Ever Seen on Any Stage.
Special Engagement of the Winsome Ingenue,
AGNES RAN'KEN. to Play the Poor-
house Girl. JUNE.
PRICES— Eve.. 10c to 50c.: Mats.. 10c. 13c. 38c.
yETT — THE CATTLE KE¥G.
ALLAZAn imsz.
General Manager.
TO-yiGHT 1 >
A REAI* DRAM.4TIC SE?TSATIOX.
Colgate Baker's Japanese Romance.
The Heart of a Geisha
JULIET CROSBT AS KOBAMMA SAN.
"If yea have a chori of sympathy It will
thrill or you are not human." — News Letter.
Evgs.. 23c to 75c; Mats. Sat. A Sun.. 23c to 30s.
NEXT MONDAY— The Favorite Actor.
WHITE WHITTLESEY
In Hacketrs FORTUNES OF THS KTNO.
HAIIRY MESTAYERIS GHOSTS
At the California Saturday Next.
SEATS SELLING TO-DAY.
Every Afternoon and Evenln* Is tkm
Theater.
. 2 LAST WEEK OF
Bothwell Browne's Japanese MuMcal Extr»v»-
. g&nza.
PDINCESS FAN TAN
MAGNIFICENT COSTUMES'
BEAUTIFm* BAIXETSr
STRIKING SCENERTt
A BIG SHOW BY UTTLE PEOPLE!
N» Increase In Price*.
ADMISSION...... IOc I CHILDREN «O
Bee CHIQUITA. •The Living DoU." ANNIB
REDLINE, the Plumn Lady, and the Ba-
BIES In the INFANT INCUBATORS.
MISCEUiAJnCOUS AMUSEMETTS.
BASEBALL.
TAGOM A VS. SAN FRANCISCO'
RECREATION PARK.
FRIDAY 3:30 p. m.
SATURDAY 3 p. m.
Sunday ......;.... .^'........;:r:.2:30 p. m.
...•THIi..i
Los Angeles Times
San Francisco Ofße*
Is located I*
ROOM 10, CHROXICLE BriLDrtO
ARTHUR L. FISH, ncpresentathrs.
If you would do effective advertising;
In the Southwest, drop a Una to tho
above address or telephone Mala 1473
and our representative will be pleased
to call on you with full Information as
to rates, eta
THE SUNDAY TIMES, with 35-pag*
! magazine. 12.50 a year by malL
Weekly Call, $1 Per Year
910
SPORTS
TENNY MEETS
NEIL TO-NIGHT
Bantams Are Ready to Mix
It in a Twenty-Five Round
Bout Before' Colma Club
EX-CHAMPION FAVORITE
Hard-Hitting Little Amateur
' Figures on Bringing Over
Haymaker on His Opponent
•
Harry Tenny. the hard hitting little
amateur bantam weight champion of the
Pacific Coiitt, will make his bow as a pro
feßsional scrapper this evening at Colma
when ht faces Frankie Nell, the former
holder of the worlds title. The lads are
matched to box twenty-tiv© rounds under
the auspicss of the Golden State Athletic
Association and the mill ehouid prove a
fast one vrhilt It last's.
Nell, as would be expected, rules a 2
to 1 favorite over the amateur, but as
the latter 5s there with an awful wal
lop and can etand a whole lot of pun
ishment, hir followers look for him to
bring one ovtr and win the bout on a
knockout before it goes the limit. Tenny
is very confident and figures on beating
down Neil at his own game, which is a
strenuous one.
Neil's experience will teH-ln the long
run. and for this reason he figures on
beating Tenny. Frankie is one of the
hardest hitlers at his weight who ever
stopped into a ring. He can punch v.Tih
that left hand of his with as much force
as an ordinary lightweight, and unless
Tenny wins quickly it looks as though
the former champion is due to bring home
victory.
. Jim Neil, Frankie's father, arrived from
the north yesterday and at once made
haste to his boy's training quarters. Jim
r.as delighted with Frankie's condition
and said he never saw the lad looking
po well before. Jim will have a good bet
down o;i his offspring and thinks the lat
ter will bring over a haymaker in jig
time.
Tenny has been training for the bout
for the last month and if condition counts
for anything he sure ehouid be there.
'Jenny is being handled by Mike Canavan,
the well-known St. Louis sporting man,
who has carefully watched the youth's
training since he has settled down to hard
work.
Neil will have Tim McGrath and Spider
Kelly in his corner and therefore will not
be at a loss for good advisers. Johnny
and Martin Frayne, who have been work
ing with Frankie during his training, will
also help second him. Billy Roche will
roferee the bout. Joe Reilly and "North
side" Jack O'Brien will furnish a ten
round preliminary. .
The management guarantees first-class
car service and assures the patrons of the
pame they will arrive in this city by
midnight. A special train as well as a
long line of electric cars will be in waiting
to tronsport the crowd back after the
bout.
HKHBEUTS PITS CL.OTCY AWAY.
Drlngs Ills RUrht Over as They Come
Out of Clinch.
' VALLEJO, July 27. — After outpoint
ing George Herberts all the way. Jack
Clancy dropped before a stiff right to
the Jaw in the tenth round of his fight
at the pavilion this evening. Her
berts was looking for the chance and
when the opening came, as they were
coming out of a clinch, he shot over a
wicked short arm right jolt and Clancy
took the count.
The mill was full of nice work from
the first round on. Clancy outboxed
Herberts and showed him up In the fine
points of the game. He led with his
left and was dancing around and wing
ing "em In all the time. Things were
breaking fine for him and lt looked in
Jill the finish.
"When the tenth round opened, Her
berts ruehed Clancy around the ring
and they went into a clinch. Just as
they were breaking, Herberts brought
his right over and lt landed flush on
Clancy's jaw. The former English
champion Eank to the floor and re
mained there while Referee Jack Welch
counted"liim out. He sprang to his
feet a few seconds later and wanted to
continue, but it was too late.
. Willie Johnson and Ed Conway, both
of San Francisco, fought six rounds to
a draw in the preliminary. The boys
put up a clever go. The fight was
witnessed by a full house and was held
under the auspices of the Palm Athletic
Club.
BATTLING NELSON PUTS
THREE BIG EU BES AWAY
Great Bane Cleans Out a
Truckee Saloon in
Jigtime.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, July 27.— Battling Nelson ar
rived In Truckee yesterday and to
nlcht, while setting acquainted with
the resident* of the mountain town, ran
against one of the most strenuous ex
periences of his career. While talking:
to a friend In a saloon he was accosted
by a Jolly crowd of hay hands, Just
In from the harvest fields and out for
a good time.
• "Get out of my way, kid," one of the
big: fellows said to Nelson as he puehed
Mm from In front of the bar.
"Pardon me. but I was here first,"
retorted Nelson. The hay hand could
not see it that way. >and because of
this a rough bouse started. Not only
the harvest man but two of his com
panions went down and out for the
count before that swing which Nelson
ha.d been developing: for Britt.
No arrests were made and Bat es
caped without a scratch. He has rent
ed, a cabin at Truckee and Intends to
remain In the mountains for some
time.
CHAMPION OVERTON MEETS
DEFEAT AT DBALY'S HANDS
Rival Rackrt Wlclders Put Up a Great
Game at J lot el Corona do
Courts.
SAN DIEGO, July 27.— The jnost In
teresting game in the gentlemen's sin
gles of the Coronado tennis tournament
was that between Eugene Overton.
champion of Southern California, and
Harold H. Braly, the 'latter being the
victor. Following are the day's results:
Ancler beat Stott. 6-2, 6-0, C-4.
Brtly beat Overton, «-4, 6-2, 6-4.
Mls» Ilodee and V. Morgan beat Mrs. Hen
iricKj! »nd StolU 8-7, 6-1, 6-3.
L&wresc« beat S. Morean. ; Cr2, 6-4.
Miss Foster and Walz beat Miss Fenton and
Mathewson, 6-3. 6-2. .
Towunead beat Madden. C-2. 6-L 6-1.
Angler beat Morgan, 2-6. 1-6. 6-2. 6-2. 6-0.
Elliott beat Hale. 6-4, 7-5. 6-0.
Mlps V. Sntton and Slnsabaugh beat Mrs.
Hull and Overton, 6-S, 6-4.
Hele aad Gay beat Townaend and Nebeker,
e-4. 3-6. 6-4. 12-10.
\u25b2ssler beat Elliott. 6-S. 6-2. 6-1
SEALS WHITEWASH CHAMPIONS AGAIN
HITT'S BENDERS
BAFFLE TIGERS
Fielders Do Some Wonderful
Work and Pitcher Gets
Out of Maiiy Bad Holes
WALI)KOX\S HITS COUNT
Jimmy WJmleii Will Do the
j Pitching Ag-ain To-Day in
1 Effort to Land the Flag-
RESULTS OF GAMES.
« San Francisco, 2; Tacoma. 0.
I I.«m Angeles, 6; ' Oakland, S.
; -M-nUle. ."»; Portlnnd, 1.
i TO-DAY'S GAMES.
STnronin nl San Kvanrlffco.
Oakland at l.im Angeles.
j - ".V "\ STANDING OF THE CI.UBg.
i (Pacific Coast Leag-ue.)
• W. L. Pct^ VT. L. Pet
I Tacoma €2 42 .58t5 Portland 40 51.474
! San Fran..'. .61 4* RCiO Oakland *o tt> .4"3
. Los Ang?les.s2 D 2 .500 Seattle 41 55 .427
1 The champion Tigers are not yet ac
quainted with the curves which Mr.
Hitt is wont to toss up, consequently 1
second money was 'theirs yesterday 1
again and by a shutout once more at j
1 that; Besides Ijeing a wizard with his
i benders, Hitt was backed up in such
'a way that it was impossible for a
I Tiger to get on base unless he hit one
to the fence, and this feat did not
: happen very often.
The game was the best seen here for
; many a moon. The series will decide
which team shall float the banner for
the first half of the season, and .as
Uncle thinks he will beat the Tigers
every day this week, his team is work
ing. for a fare-ye-well, for' four more
victories will mean that the Seals will
be the first half champions.
The Tigersv were outgamed as well
as outplayed and outgeneraled all
along the line yesterday. They were
none too steady with men on the bases,
while the Seals got everything. Time
and time again Hitt was yanked out
of a hole when it looked bad for him.
The Tigers managed to land hard all
during the game, but their drives were
invariably gobbled up.
The first run for the Seals carno
about on a combination of misplays.
Spencer opened up the third with a
drive which McLaughlin dropped. Wal
dron tore off another hit, but Mohler
forced Spencer at third. Hildebrand,
however, was. there with a drive to
center field and it brought Waldron
right home.
The Seals did not do anything till
the fifth, when they started in once
more and eased another through. Moh
ler slammed one safely and Hildebrand
laid down a bunt. The hit and run
signal was passed and the Kid skim
med all the way around as Charley
Irwin tapped a sizzler out of Mike
Lynch's reach.
The Seals came very near, tearing
through with another in the seventh.
Spencer singled through the Infield and
Waldron beat a bunt, his third hit for
the day, sending Spencer around to
third. Mohler produced a long fly to
Lynch and Mike winged the ball per
fectly to the rubber, catching Spencer
three feet.
The nearest the Tigers came to grab
bing a run was in their half of the
seventh, when Lynch clouted one past
short and Casey doubled to the far
corner of right field. Spencer had the
ball in a twinkling, and, with a per
fect peg to the plate, he nailed Lynch
a foot. The Tigers had the bases full
in the sixth with two out, but the
best JCordyke could do was to smash
one at Mohler that was an easy out.
Emerson will do the pitching for the
Tigers this afternoon, while Uncle will
stick ."W'halen in again. Should the
Seals get away with the game, Hitt
is carded to work again on Saturday
and Whalen will probably take another
turn In one of Sunday's games if the
raoe is still close. A big bunch of
San Jose fans will turn out to root for
Emerson this afternoon. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Spencer, r. t 4 0 10 11*0
Waldron. c.f S 1 8 0 1 00
Mohler, 2b 8 110 2 5 0
Hildebrand, L f 4 0 2 110 0
Irwin. 2b ....3 0 1 1 8 0 0
Nealon, lb 4 0 0 0 9 10
Wilson, c 4 0 0 0 6 0 0
Gouchnauer «. c 3 0 o 0 8 8 0
Hitt, p 7-8 0 0 0 110
Totals .....81 2 8 2 27 11 0
TACOMA.
AB. 'R. BH. HB. PO. A. K.
Doyla, r. f 8 0 10 10 0
Sheehan, Sb 8 0 0 0 8 2 0
XonJyke, lb 4 0 0 0 8 0 0
Eagan. ». \u25a0 4 0 0 0 1 11
McLaughlin. L t 4 0 0 0 0 0 1
Lynch, c. f 3 0 10 3 10
Casey. 2b 8 0 2 0 8 8 0
Graham, o 8 0 0 6 5 10
Thorn**, p 8 0 0 0 1 8 •
Totals 80 0 4 0 24 11 8
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o0 — 0
Base hits. 0 0 00 0 12 1 o—4
San Francisco... 00101000 x — 2
Base hits 2 0 10 2 0 2 1 x— 8
SUMMARY.
Two-base hlt»— Ca«ey, Hildebrand. Sacrifice
hits — Walflron, Mohler. First base on errors —
Ban Francisco 2. First base on called balls-
Off Hitt 2, off Thomae 1. Left on bases — San
Francisco S, Tacoma 4. Struck out— By Hitt
4 by Thomas 2. Double play — Lynch to' Gra
ham. Time of game — One hour forty-live min
ute*. Umpire— Pertne.^ \u25a0 )
EGANS STILL. REMAIN .
IN GOLF TOURNAMENT
Remalnlns; Elsht Experts 'Will Meet In
the Third Round at Chicago
To-Day.
CHICAGO, July 27.— Play in the West
ern golf championship' at Glenvlew has
narrowed to the third round, and Cham
pion Chandler/Egan :and . his cousin,
Walter Egan, are still in the \u25a0 tourna
ment. Eight matches were decided to
day, leaving only two out-of-town golf
ers in the running—Walter' Fairbanks
of Denver andJ. S. Demoss, former Wis
consin champion. \u0084 . - ,- ; \u25a0"-, '_-\u25a0\u25a0'
Pairing for the, third round to-mor
row morning follows: Jlartin'.vsr Fair
banks, C. C. Egan vs. Bokum, Phelps vs.
Demoss and Sawyer ' vs. .W.' Egan. -
ALEX \u25a0 PAPE ' IS \u25a0 CARDED \u25a0
TO 'ROW CLASS AT POttTLAM)
Followers of the llowliik Game Look
for Great Sport «t the Regatta
To-Day.
PORTLAND, July 27. — Entries for the
open regratta on Guilds Lake, at the
Lewis and Clark 'Exposition, next, Fri
day and Saturday have -been completed.
The feature " of the programme will be
the sculling races between E. Gloss of
the Portland Rowing' Club and Alexan
der Pape of the Dolphin" Club "of 'San
Francisco and . a four-oared', mateh '•" race
between the' ; Portland Rowing Club and
the Nelson" Club'of 'Victoria!' B.* C." % '
THE . SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 23, 1905;
ANGELS LAND
ON MR. PIERCE
Busher Gets His When the
Southern Stars Begin* to
Wallop the Leather Safe
BE ASHEA R BOOTS THREE
Commuters Make Their Only
lUms in the First Inning
on an Error arid a Double
LOS ANGELES, July 27.— Los Angeles
took to-day's game from Oakland, by the
score of 6 to 2. Oakland secured the '
two runs In the opening inning on a j
double by Francks and two errors by, j
Braj-ihear. The latter had another bad ,
day to-day at short and made all three |
of the fielding errors cuarged against the ;
locals. Los Angeles bunched their hits
I on Pierce In the fourth, fifth and sixth
! innings for a total of six runs.
Umpire Bray was not present, so Jlm
mey Byrnes held the indicator and gave
perfect satisfaction. The score:
\u25a0 LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bernard, c. f .4 12 1-2 0 0
Flood. 2 b 5 1 10.84 0
Smith. 3 b 5 1 1 10 2 0
Dillon, 1 b 4 1 1 0 13 0 0
Braahear. 0. \u25a0 4 0 1 081 8
1 Roas. 1. f. 4 2 2 2 2 0 0
Cravath. r. t 4 0 2 0 1 0 0
lEagar, c 4 0 1 0 2 10
'Wright, p. 3 0 1 0 1 8 0
Totals... .37 6 12 4 2T 11 8
j OAKLAND.
' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren, c. t.t. 4 0. 2 0 2 0 0
KVancks. s. » 4 110 13 1
Dunleavy, 1 b 4 1 0 0 10 0 0
Kruger r. f........ 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
Graham, 1. f 4 0 0 1 2 0 1
Devereaux. 3 b 4 0 1 0-100
Kelly, 2 b ....4 0 0,0 3 B 0
.Stanley, c 1 0' 0 0 4" 1 0
Pierce, p 4 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 83 / 2 B 1 24 10 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Loa Angeles 0 0 0 2 2 2 0 Ox — 6
Base hits 0 112 83 1 1 x— l 2
Oakland 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 00—2
Base hits 1 0 10 1 0 0 11—5
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit — Cravath. Two-base hits —
Francke, Flood, Kruger. First base on errors
— Los Angeles 2, Oakland 3. Left on bases —
Los Angeles 9. Oakland 7. Bases on balls — Oft
Pierce 2, off Wright '2. Struck out — By Pierce
4. by Wright 2. Hit by pitched ball — Stanley.
Time of game — 1 hour 45 minutes. Umpires —
Byrnes and Spies.
GIANTS JVOT IX THE GOING.
Cripples Never Hare a Chance Wlien
SiuuNliri* Get Stnrted.
PORTLAND, July 27. — The Siwashes
were all to the. good , to-day and won
about as they pleased \u25a0by a score of 5
!to 1. Garvin pitched a fairly, good
game for the Giants, but Kreitz, the
I new backstop, was the limit and made
A miserable showing behind the bat.
Switched around in positions not fami
liar to them, the cripples made a com
edy of the play, and .with , errors ; . and
general poor work gave the game to
the visitors. The score:
Portland;.
AB. R_ BH. PO. A/ E.
Atz. s. s 4 0 0 1 4 1
McCrecdle. r. f. ........ 3 0 2 2 0 0
Fleming. 1. f. .4 0 13 0 0
Householder, c. f '."{ 1 0 1 '0". 1
Jones, c. f. ' 0 0 O.JO. 0" 0
Van Buren, lb. & c 4 0 2 9 0 0
Cates, Sb 3 0 18 12
Runkle, 2b. ...3 0 0 3 11
Kreitz. c :. 3 0 0 2 11
Schlafley. lb :.. 0 00.30 0
Uarvin. p 3 0 0 0 9 0
Corbett, p.' ............. 1 0 0 0 0 0
Totals .....31 1 J 27 16 1
SEATTLE.'
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Walters, r. f. 5 0 1 1 0 0
Kane, 3b. .............. 8' 0 0 1.10
Blankenshlp, c 5 1 2 8 1 0
Hart. c. f. 6 13 4 0 0
Houtz. -1. f. ....41 0 I" 0 0
Fnck, 2b. 4 0 2 1 -*2 0
Frary. lb. ....4 2 1 10 0 0
R. Hall. s. s. 2 O 0 1 4 0
C. Hall. p. 4 0,000 1
Totals .36 5 0 27 -8. 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 10 01 2 1 0 o—s0 — 5
Has* hit 5...... 0 1 0 .1 18 111—9
Portland 0 10 0 0.0 0 0 o—l
I Base hits 0 2 1 1 10 0 0 o—s
SUMMARY.
Struck out — By Garvin 3, by Hall 7. Bases
on balls — Off Garvin 1, off Hail . 4. . Two-base
hit — Blankenshlp. Left on bases — Portland 8,
Seattle 8. First base on • errors — Seattle 5.
Sacrifice hits— Cates, Kane, R. Hall. Stolen
bases — Blankenship 2. Hart, \u25a0 Houtz, Frick,
Frary, Runkle. Passed ball — Kwitz. Time of
came — One hour and forty minutes. \u25a0 Umpire —
Davis. '
SINGLES TOURNAMENT
.REACHES THE FINALS
Mrs. 'Watson and Miss Vodden Will
Contest for Cup -on the Park
Courts To-Day. V , ;
. The, handicap singles tournament for
the Van Vleit cun was i finished - down
to the finals on the park courts yester
day. The tournament would have been
completed but for '; the faot that
Mrs. Watson had two long, ' hard
matbhes £ before reaching the_ final,
round. As Miss Vodden did not play
at all yesterday it would hava been
hardly fair to \u25a0 her opponent to have
run off the finals yesterday. They will
be played to-day. '-\u25a0
The two matches played were fast
and exciting. -The first was between
Mies Van • Vleit and Mrs. Watson. -The
former won the first " set 7by an i B—6
score on Wednesday, 'and, the time .was
called at 6—5 \in the j second set.'' Mrs.
Watson with the liberal odds allowed
her proved too strong for'her. little
opponent. Mrs. Watson won the second
set, H — C, and the third, 6— 2. The win
ner received owe odds-of -"15 4-6." ;. -<\u25a0
In the ; semi-finals the . contestants
weraMiss Cully (8-6) and; Mrs. Wat
son (owe 1-6)1 This match, : like most
of. the others, went the full three sets.
The* "first- two sets were close, and In
teresting,* but' the- third was one-sided.
Mrs. Watson won"" the first set, V 6—4,V 6— 4,
Miss Cully, the second, -I— s, and Mrs.
Watson the third, 6—o. ' 1 - ;
Miss Vodden and Mrs. Watson will
meet An the finals to-day, and a close
and exciting match is anticipated. Miss
Vodden will give odds of owe 2-6.
Cricketers Play Draw Game.
PHILADELPHIA, \u0084; July. ."- 27.— The
cricket match i between' the Marylebone
eleven of London and '.' the '.'team : of
eighteen Philadelphia "colts," c on ;'= the
grounds; of ,; .the /Philadelphia 4 Cricket
Club, resulted"' to-day '\u25a0 in " : a : draw. 1 ; -\The
"colts'" : scored: 224 HheirJ ; 'in-.
ning of: 1 7 wickets. '- .The ; EnglislVnien
made. only.,ll(> runs; in; their 'firstlin-;
ning of 10 wickets,; and were compelled
to follow on. : In i their-/ second :-i inn ing
the .Marylebone ! players . had /.;accumu
lated '4110 i runs ;. f or \u25a0; six %wickets
the game came to'ah-end at 6:30.' , The
work of. the young players of :the home
team against ; the expert'; bowling: of the
Englishmen ; wasi splendid.,-- . . . .
Missing; . Man I« Located.
REDDING,;" July 27-r-Sam j Stevens, who
disappeared;; from his at? Ingot ; a
week ago > Sunday, : has been i heard • from.
He is * at ; Hayden 'Hill," in i Lassen County,'
workina; in a' mine. : > /
WILD MINT LEADS A FAST FIELD
Takes the Mile Handicap
After a Desperate Drive
With Hamburg Belle.
Hermis Carries Too Much
Weight and £alls Back,
Finishing Last.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 27.— The Test
handicap at a mile was the attraction
here this afternoon and nearly 9000
persons were present to witness the
race between' such performers as Ham
burg Belle, Hermis, Wild -Mint- and
Alan-a-Dale.:-
Wild Mint won in a . rattling finish
with Hamburg . Belle. They finished
heads apart at* the wire. The start
was poor, Alan-a-Dale being off last.
Wild Mint went to the front after a
start and with Hermis ran heads apart
for three-quarters, when weight told
on Hermis and he fell back.
Hamburg Belle-began to close at the
far turn, /and, turning into the stretch.
Wild Mint was leading by a length and
a half. When they 'were straightened
out, Hamburg Belle ran up to' Wild
Mint and the two fought it out to the
end. Wild Mint /winning by a short
head, while Hamburg Belle beat But
tling two lengths for the place. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; celling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to s— Quadrille. 107 (W.Davis) 3 .2 # 1 5
9to 2— Colossal, 197 (J. Martin) 6 .6 h ,2 h
40 to I— Norn de Plume,o7(DEgns)l6 8 3 4
Time. 1:14 2-5. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. R. E. Watkins' b. g. by Rapalloh-Court
Dance. Maid of Tlmbuctoo, Thirtledale, Bless
ings Lost, Tweedle, Strephon, Lady Henrietta,
Maximilian, Cannon Ball, Long- Shot, Tippe
toes, Slmalas, High Born, John Fay and Lang
Dolan finished as named.
! SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
purae:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Bto I— Masterson, 102 (McDniel) 8 8 V 4 1 h
10 to I— Confederate, 107(W.Dava) 4 2 h 2 %
4to I— Cassini, 105 (W. Knapp) 2 4 >/& 3 %
Time, 1:15. Start good. Wen driving. W.n
ner, J. L. Holland's b. c. by Melton-Orea.
Kuroki. Hector and Honoway finished aa
named.
THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Bto I— J. McCabe, 100(W.Knapp) 8' 4 % 12£
50 to I— Mart Gentry-. 96 (Meyers) 1 1 h 2 3
4to I—Miss1 — Miss Rillie. 101 pMcDnal) 9 8 5 3 h
Time, 1:47. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, H. J. Dwyer's eh. f. Ny Handsprlng-Mon
droet. Belle of Setauket, Ken. Line of Life.
Bellatrlx, Janeta and Huntington finished as
named. \u25a0
FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and up; Test handicap: /
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
sto I— Wild Mint, 109 (Lyne). ... 3 lh 1 h
Bto 1— Ham. Belle, 123 (Davis). 2 3 2 2 2
7to I— Buttling, 104 (Knapp) 4 4 6 33
Time. ' l:30»£. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner, J. R. Keene's b. c. by Kingston-
Mint Cake. Alan-a-Dale and Hermis finished
as named.
FIFTH RACE— One and a quarter miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
sto I— Palm Tree, 09 (Knapp). . .448 13
sto 2— The Southernr.lll (Balrd) 2 2 V 4 2 2
4to I— Chmy. .Sweep, 100 (Dlglns) 1 1 I}£3 3
Time. 2:03." Start good. : Won easily. Win-,
ncr, E. R; Bradley's eh. c. by -'Royal ' Emblem-
Karanac. \u25a0 Ismailian, Invader. Masaniella and
Excentral finished a* named, j
SIXTH RACE— Five and ;i a half furlongs;
two-year-olds: maiden fillies: <---'- - \u25a0•.'«' \u25a0 \u25a0>. „ .
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. - St. % -Fin.
Even— Ballotta. 10T (McDantel) . 4 . 2 2-1
Even — Curiosity 107- (Lyne)->..-2 IV4 2 8
40 to I— Hester W, 107 (Dlgffins)." 5 3 h 31
Time. 1:08. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, J. R. Keene's . eh. f. by.- Voter-Ella T.
lolanda, Descend. Argentine.' La France,
Honeywell, Pamela. Little Blue, • Cat's Eye,
Pantoufle,- Mlfs -. Seventy Seven* and Golden
Fern finished as named.
NEW YORK ENTRIES.
' NEW YORK, July 27.— Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Brighton
Beach: ,
First race, five and a half furlongs, two
year-olds, selling— A vlston 107 : Senechal 107,
Sterling 102, St. Estephe 104. Merry Belle 94,
Belden 102. Cinchona 107. Merrick 104. Diable
Gold 09 Wilfred 97. Montanus 107. Vero
nese 107."
Second race, six furlongs, all ages, handicap
— Lady Uncas 100, Lucy Young 88, Lady
Amelia 126, Uncle Urigh 109/ Robador 93,
Platoon 90. Jack McKeon-89. Monet. 104, Race
King 100, Burlelgh 119. Pat Bulger 105. Aero
naut 103 Idle Dream 05, Frontenac 122.
Third 'race, one and a sixteenth miles, four
year-olds and up, selling — Sweet ! Alice 101,
Gold Braid 101. Atwood .101. Thistle Heather
101, Lady Jocelyn 105 St. Breeze 105, Jerry
Lynch 103, Tomcod 106. Macbeth .108." The
Mighty 108. \u25a0 " ~"
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, three
year-olds and up handicap — Buttons 114, Mar
mee 107, CaronaJ 106, Stamping Ground 109,
Au Revolr 120 Sailor 1 Boy 9C, Eugenia Burch
124 Devout 116 Kehailan 100.
Fifth race, six furlongs, two-year-olds —
Kercheval 108 Casslnl 112, Phidias 122, Chal
fonte 10S. S '
Sixth race." one and a sixteenth miles, three
year-olds and up maidens — Mettle 105, Binder
ton 107. Lady Prudence - 105, . Louis H 110,
Suffice 105 Father D 110. Maid of Timbuctoo
105 La Golden 110. Glowstar 110.
Weather clear; track fast.
NEW YORK SELECTIONS.
By the. New York Morning Telegraph.
First rnce— Cinchona, A vlston, St. Es
tephe. / •
Second race — Idle Dream, . Monet,
Lady Amelia. :
Third race— The Mighty, Lady Joce
lyn, Jerry Lynch.
Fourth race— An Revolr, Devout, Eu
genia Burch.
Fifth race— Chalfonte, Phidias, Ker
cheval. .' " ', .
Sixth race— Lndy Prudence," Glowstar,
Louis H. ; ; ,
BOND OF TREASURER KELLY
; r ; \u25a0 OF KANSAS IS APPROVED
Provides for Nearly cine Million* Dol-
lars and Puts End \ to} Fight
Over His Office. '
:. TOPEKA, Kans., July 27.— The , State
Executive Council^thls; afternoon ap
proved the bond of State > Treasurer
Thomas T. k Kelly by a' unanimous vote.
The 'bond consists* entirely > of personal
security and is for $965,500. 'It was an
nounced at the meeting *of *; the board
that E. E. Ames and J. T. Bradley. Na r
tional ) Bank : Examiners,* had said ;the
bond^was a; strong one.
.This ends the^ fight .on the State
Treasurer's office i as far *as present de
velopments are concerned.^ The ' investi
gation into the State treasury conditions
will be continued by the experts ? em
ployed '\u25a0 by -ithe'- Governor.. Governor
Hoch V holds .Kelly's resignation" ; in
escrow, which will be accepted lif any.
irregularities < are > found in H the State
treasury. : .'" " ' : : \u25a0"\u25a0'.,..\u25a0 c. .-•"'. -\u25a0-.'\u25a0'
FACTION; FIGHT IN KENTUCKY
v; ' . RESULTS IN; FATAL SHOOTING
One Mnn.ln :, Killed y and , Two Other
Feudlsts * Receive ; Wounds That
'\u25a0 : ' : :-.'\u25a0 fMa^,CuuW?Death; v "' ." '.
/* OWENSVIL.L.E; Ky.VirJulyv 27.— In\; a
"desperate -encounter.-- between ! the ;Mul
lins and Flemiriki factions JofSfeudistaT
Sol : Mullins, '\u25a0• leader^ of : the Mulllns; fac
tion, has ibe'en.kllled.* William ;MulHns"
wounded^ and Jeff \u25a0Fleming: fatally
. wound ed."/SBSfiHß^^^^^^s. .'v \u25a0
J; The battle took : place \u25a0 on^Boone Fork/
near the -border j> of t Letcher ; and i' Pike
'counties.;*; Sheriff r Thacker; of i? Mercer
County went to ;the ; scene ,with a posse
and.arrostedithree ; of jthe ;Mullins ifac-'
tion.ySol|Fleming:.lleaderJofithe>Flem^
' ings," refused -; to } submit " to? arrest % and
fled« with' his tmen-tos the" mountains.
If Police^ Continue vtb Raid
Deimar, Racing May Soon
End There.
Purses Are Cut and the Au
thorities Are Watching
Western Union Wires.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. ST. LOUIS, July 27.— The police still
continue their invasion of Delmar race
track,': and to-day they, again took
charge of the betting ring. The.con
tlnued visits of the officers are having
a serious effect on the crowd, and it
is not believed the racing game can
be £ continued much longer. Purses
have been cut slightly once more, but
horsemen say they will stand for
that until the. St. Louis authorities
cease interference without proper jur T
isdiction. ., :^'-j:rA
Governor Folk . has ordered Chief
Kiely ; to : take measures preventing the
Western Union from supplying racing
information to poolrooms, even to' the
extent of cutting thewires. The tele
graph office to-day was, still operating
notwithstanding an operator for the
police department took a position at
the booth and remained there through
out the afternoon, trying to see if the
qbjeotionable .matter was being sent
out. The crowd did not number over
350 and the betting was very light.
Five favorites out of six won for form
players. Summary:
t^-y^ o w^ E~FOUrE ~ F0Ur and * half furlonKB:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St »i Fin
Ito 2-Angellc, 107 (SeVrell) . ... . 1 1 5 11
|» *° }— kaintolat, 107 <Battiste).. 4.3 iy a 2a 2 5
TfiT *? <L - Wllson >- 6 6 2 31%
Time. :58J-5. Start good. Won easily. Wln
%s\ St , reett & Co -' a b - f - fa y Klneston-
m ?no Car ° llne wM. Buxom 100, N'ettl.
Koth 102 and Jennie Mitchell 102 finished a«
named. ;
SECOND RACE— Six rurlongs; three-year
olds:
?!"! ng^ Hor «c, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
sto I—F.1 — F. Prlesmeyer. 94 (Sewell) 2 11 13
sto 2— Henry Ach, 102 (Schade). 5 4 4 2 1
C> to s— Ethel's Pride, 92 (McGee) 4 3 3 3 2
Time, \u25a0 1:17. Start good. Won easily.. Wln
£- er : b. g. by Tithonus-Tasael.
Kate Crews 95. George T 97 and Happy ChaD
99 finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds:
selling: . - • - - . . '
Betting. Horae, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
Ito2 — Tom McGrath,ll2(Schade) 4 2 3 lh
4 to I— Bitter Hand, 105 (Perkins) 1112 2
sto I—St.1 — St. Columb, ICS (Harris) 2 3 2 8 1
Time. 1:04. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, B.: Schreiber &Co.'s d. c. by Sain-Miaa
Marion. Pinta 101, Fajrview 104, Dick Redd
107 and George Schell 106 finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and'a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds -and tip: *
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2to s— Lone Wolf, 99 (Harris)... 2 18 12
sto I— D. Sommers, 102 (Sewell) 3 2 2 2 4
stol— Lt. Opera, 102 (Russell). 4 4 3 2
Time. 1:51. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. J. Greeley's blk. g. (6) by Hindoo-
Lady Beth. . Athena 103 also ran. .
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling:
Bttting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7to s—Comic5 — Comic Opera; 105 (Wilsn) 5 3 1%1 1
12 to I— Mail Box, 105 (Foley) ... 3 2 IU2 h
3to I— Fort. Teller, 100 (Sewell) 2 4 h "3 h
Time.. 1:18. Start good. Won handily.
Winner G. Klueber's b. g. by Esher-La . Diva.
Sweet Kitty Bellalres 102. Tennybee 100. In
vestor 94, Margery Gaff ney 97, ' finished aa
Darned.
SIXTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds:
sellins:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6to s—O. Burnett, 91 (Russell). . 2 2 3 11.
3to I— Jade 94 (Harri5)......... 1 12-25
5 to I— Sandalwood. 98 (Sewell).. 6 \u25a0 3 % 3 1
Time, 1:44 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, SB. Burnett's b. f. by Prince
Plenty-Bella F. Roderick Dhu 98. Atogo 91,
Delusion 97, finished as named.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
\u25a0 ST. LOUIS. July 27.— Following are
the entries for to-morrow at, Delmar:
First race, six" furlongs, purse — Marchioness
10L Flora Levy 101, Mattle Spencer 101, Cath
erine Knox 101.- Emma Meyer 101, La Amanda
101. Bonnalle \u25a0 101.
Second race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile, two
year-olds, selling— Frenchles First 100, Col
on-el Jewell 108. Maggie Powers 104, Una C
104, Mac Lynch . 105, Burnolette 104, Doctor
Turner 93, Sibylla 95.
Third race, six furlongs, purse — Aurocelver
93. Fancy Dress 98, Bendlgo OS, Lucullus 93,
Hilee 104; Echo Dale 107, Bonnie Prince Char
lie IC3. -
s Fourth race, six furlongs, two-year-olds,
handicap — Conde 92, Topsy Robinson 104, St.
Columb 9G, Charlatan 102.
Fifth race mile, selling — Tangent 112, Lit
tle Corker 109. Limerick Girl 89, Jim Tyrrell
ion. Cashier 9C, Saul 105, Pyrrho 104, The
Wizard 107, Dromlo 94, Gene Handlon 102,
Darnlvan 90, Lady Free Knight 100.
Sixth race, six furlongs, purse — Apple Sweet
100 Thank Haven 105, Mordella 105, Lasso
10G. Ahola 106. Hook Se Oka 105, Chrisstelle
105. Tendercrest 100, \u25a0 Fannette 105.
Weather rainy: track good.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
First rnce— Flora Levy, Emma Meyer,
Marchioness.
Second race — Bnrnolette, Maggie
PoTvers, Una C. . ...
Third race— Echodale, Bendlgo, Ln
cnlliis.'
Fourth race—^l'opsy Robinson, Char
latan, Conde..: -
Fifth race— Gene Handlon, Limerick
Girl, Pyrrho. .
Sixth rnce— Lasso, Fannette, Tender
crest. .
POLICE MAY RAID TRACK.
Missouri Justice Issues Writ Prohlbtt
* Ing: County From Interfering.
JEFFKKSON CITY*,* July .27.— Judge
W. C. Marshall of the State • Supreme
Court to-day issued a writ of prohibi
tion against Justice of the Peace Sto
bie and Constable Lens ot ' St Louta
County, prohibiting them from arrest
ing and trying the St. Louis city po
licemen for whom have been
issued on charges of trespass In break
ing Into the Enclosure ', of the Delmar
racetrack, which is situated in St. Louis
County. .The writ; Is made returnable
at the October term of court.
Grand , Circuit Results.
DETROIT, July 127.— Grand Circuit results:
: -~'i 2:15 , trot,*.: purse - $1500,:. three : heat plan—"
Glenwood M won three straight heats In 2:03*4,
2:10%; 2:09%. Turley.' Jim Fenton, -Thornber, \u25a0
, Joe N. :. Mamie R. - Harnot,- Austin Boy, ' Silver
O, Belladle and ; Marie \u25a0 Celeste alao started.- :
\u25a0 2:24 pace. Chamber; ot \u25a0 Commerce consola
tion, purse $1000, three heat plan — Hal C won
the first : and \u25a0 second heats in .2:10%, 2:10.
Bonnie :• Wllkes won \u25a0" the * third / heat rln ' 2:10.
Albula,' : : Druid,' Vlxaon," .'Bystander and Miss
Georgia ; also • started. \u25a0, . .; ;
; ; 2:11 pace, purse $1500, three heat plan — Jose
won the \u25a0 second and ; third ~ heats In : 2 :09 V 4,
2:OSVi.' : Peruna ,wnni the' nrst \u25a0 heat In, 2:09\4.
Irish - Jack.'- Lady . Bell Brook.' Floradora. Bill
J,' Christina - Simmons, ' Lady Moier and Jim
Kyle ; alao , started. \. , •
PETE BROWNING IS DYING
";:'\u25a0; ; IN: LOUISVILLE HOSPITAL
AbcesN of Ear Slovrly^Sapplnsr Vitality
of Man Who ;Once, \u25a0 Made
/' " ..-Thousands Root.
LOUISVILLE.' JuIy :27.— 1t is feareCi
that i'_ Pete " Browning's days are num
bered/,. The ; once j famous ball "player
has '\u25a0''. gone V to- the - City.' Hospital ; : to \u25a0be
treated . for ; an abcess | of i the : ear, which
drove' him 1 insane for 'a' time and which
has again' affected* his brain. His * phy
sicians; say 'there is "little hope for; his
recovery. : , .• . .
Collins and Waldncr Win.
.1 ' DEEP-* lIAVIJN.V Lake Minnetonka,
Minn.,v July -27.— 1n ; the' doubles -of the
Northwestern i'- tennis -^tournament ; to-'
day ; Collins []i and Waidner of Chicago
beat = HuntTof ; California and Burton \of
rMlnneapolls. 3-6. 6-0. 6-3. 3-6. -.-\u25a0/
JinvCollins, a Eank Outsider,
Kirns Second to Maran at
Latonia.
Jockey McClure Ruled Off the
Tijrf for Suspicious Rid- ,
ing in Steeplechase.
Special Dispatch to Th» C*lL
CINCINNATI,"} July 27. — Jillett© and
Hogan were the successful favorites at
Latonia to-day. The feature event, the
third race on the card, for three-year
old maidens,' was won by Maran, a
second choice, with Jim Collins, a rank
outsider, and Retort, the heavily played
favorite, third. The track was fast,
weather pleasant and a large crowd
witnessed the sport. Jockey McClure
was ruled off the turf and Jockey Mc-
Auliffe ordered from the track, for sus
picious rides in the steeplechase yes
terday. .Summary^:
FIRST RACE— Ssven furlongs; four-year
olds and up: selling: — '
Bettlnij. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fln.
oto I—Crescerton.1 — Crescerton. ICtt (Ha 11)... 1 1:s 1 I)
b to 2 — Two Penny, 10tf (Walsh) 8 4 Vi 2 h
5 to I—Algonquin,1 — Algonquin, 106 (Cheathm 2 5 Va 3 1
Time. . 1 :23 3-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner, ' J. T. Sells' b. h. (6) by Coverton-
Crescent. Bam Craig 106. Ivernia 101, Dun
more 103. Hardcastte 107. Shogun 103. Safety
Light 103. Sister Lillian 101. finished as
named. '-/-'; •
-SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
old allies; purse:
Bettlnij Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 10— Jillette, 107 (Robinson) 4 12 12
3 to 2— Vie Kinney, 101 (Foy) 1 ft 1 2 3
11 to I— Hostility, 106 (Walsh) 2 4 h 3 2
Time. 1:01. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. W. R. Daniels & Co."s b. f. by Mortle
Fonse-Llttle Jill. Queen Caroline 105, Floes S
99. Progression lCv, Anna Smith 90. finished
as named. ' -.-i •>-
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs, maiden three
year-olds ; purse :
Betting. Hone. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to s— Mamn, 107 (Larsen) 6 3 2 11%
40 to I— Jim Collins. 104 (Hall).. 2 1 1 2 H
3 to 2 — Retort. 107 (Treubel)... 1 2 H 3 2
Time. 1:15. Start straggling. Won easily.
Winner. E. Corrigan's b. c. by Bathampton-
Phira. Ethel Barry 10«, Winton iIW, Twenty
Shot 107. Nominee 110, Frank Bill 107, Good
Time 100 Maceona 102, Gilded Lady 100.
Gl'eman IC6, finished a3 named.
FOURTH RACE — One mile and seventy
yards; three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 2 — San Remo. lO.",( Robinson) •» 2h 1 1^
7to 2— Florizel. 100 (Foy); 3 1 V 4 2 2
15 to I—Hortensla1 — Hortensla 102 (Ward)... 4 6 10 3 ns
Time, 1 :44 4-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, W. E. Cotton's eh. n. (4) by St. Blalao-
Pretense. Siss Lee fc~. Western Duke 111.
Chief Bush 99 and Denice 90 finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % " Fin.
4to 5— Hogan. 100 (Treubel) 6 2 & 1 2
11 to I—Theo1 — Theo Case, 109 (Nicol).. 2 4 2 2 ns
4to I— Trenola. ICO (Hall), t... 7 62 3 2
Time, 1 :01 3-5. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, W. H. Lauderman's b. 'c by Goodrich-
Arabella. Speedmaker 109, Creel 109, Sherrll
104 and Piiiice Glenn 104 finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; four-year
olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3to I— Jigger. 107 (Treubel) 1 12 11%
18 to s— Van Hope, 103 (McLghln) 2 2 2 h
4to I— Robin Hood. 103 (Larsen) 4 3 4 3 8
Time. 1:27 3-5. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, L. Jones' eh. g. (6) by St. Julien-Prlncess
Himyar. Mint Bed 100. Federal OS, Rean 103,
Lord Haven 103 and Wooda Perry 106 finished
as named. \u25a0
• • LATOXIA ENTRIES.
CINCINNATI, July- 27.— Following
are the entries for to-morrow at La
tonia: \u25a0"\u25a0•\u25a0>" "\u25a0]
First race, six furlongs, selling — Eaeda 90,
Iron Tall 92. Lady Lou 95, Gracious 93, Out
shine 95, Fontesla 95, Ethel Barry 95, Mono
gram J)5. Lady Lasca 95, Lizzetta S 95, Delse
bosa 100. Claricn 102, Danube 102. Qulncy
102.
Second raoe. «lx furlongs, selling — Merces
90. Kate Zltt 92. Happy Jack II 95. Foxy
Grandma 95 Berlnthia 97. Stiver Slipper ICO.
Mabel Wlnn 100. Midnight Chimes 100, Frivol
100, Nominee 100. Ptnsee 100, Full Sway 102.
Phlora. 102. Frank Me 102.
Third race, mile and 100 yards, selling-
Cardinal Woloey 97, Mint Bed 100, Hortensla
104 Telephone 107, King Elsworth 111.
Fourth race, five furlongs, purse — Llllta
108 Inspector Girl 103. Nutterwell 103, Grace
Wagner 103. Anna Smith 103.
Fifth race, handicap steeplechase. Clubhouse
course— Dunning 125. Kilmorle 125. Lights Out
127. Jchn E. Owens 133. Shackelf ord 138, Mar
tin Brady 142. Jim Bozeman 154.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Eaterre 95,
Hopeful Miss 97, The Roustabout 9T. Idly
Brook 97, Arachne 100, The Messenger 102. Al
bemarle 102, Omealca 102. Covtna 104. Jlm
along 104. J. W. O'Neill 104. Belltoone 107, Si
lent Wat«r 107. Blytheness 109.
Weather clear; track fast.
- CINCINNATI SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First mce — Fontesla, Danube. Lad jr
Lnsea.
Second race— Happy Jack, Nominee,
Frivol.
Third race— Telephone, Hortensla,
King: Ellsworth.
Fourth race— Nntterwell, Ltllta, Grace
Wncncr. .
,Flfth rnce — Shackeirord, Mnrtln
Brady, John E. Owens.
Sixth race— The Messenger, - The
Roustabout, - Bl ythness.
WILL SUPPLY; GREEK LABOR
TO WESTERN CONTRACTORS
Plan on Foot In Ogden to Form Com
• pany tor Distribution of Imml
grrants.
OQDEN, Utah, July 27. — A scheme Is
on foot here Ito establish a labor con
trolling: body for. the purpose of rop
.plying Qreek labor to contractors In the
West. Many prominent Greeks In this
city and vicinity have agreed to sub
scribe for shares In the new .company,
which will be Incorporated under the
laws of Missouri. It Is claimed that
under this ; plan the newly arrived Im
migrant can be protected and a better
class of labor assured employer*.
CHAIR OF APPLIED FORESTRY
PROPOSED FOR YALE COLLEGE
Steps Taken to Raise One Hundred and
: Fifty Thousand Dollars for En
dowment Purposes.
CHICAGO, July 27. — The first steps
toward raising $150,000 to be used In
the endowment of a chair of applied
forestry at \u25a0 Yale University have been
taken at a meeting of the executive
committee of - the National Lumber
Manufacturers'. Association.
The support of the United States Gov
ernment will be solicited and Glfford
Pinchot, chief of the. Forestry Bureau,
will bo made an honorary member of
the executive committee.
NEW. YORK POLICE ARREST -
ALLEGED GERMAN EMBEZZLER
Herman Sehado w. Accused of Steallnar
$10,000, Is Taken Into Custody as
He Step* Off -Steamer.* : *
' NEW YORK. July 27.— Charged with
embezzling * $10,000 from a Bremen
bank, Herman Schadow. was arrested
as he stepped - off ; the ; steamship ; Main
to-day. The prisoner declared his will
ingness to' return to Germany, and was
committed to \u25a0 the 1 Tombs to await . ex
tradition . papers.*
, Senator ' Clark's Case Is Docketed.
.WASHINGTON. July 27:-^The case of
the ; United~ States against Senator i^W.
A; Clark of Montana," involving a charge
of -defrauding tthe -United; States In the
appropriation' of 'timber; on the" public
lands,{was !Jdbcketed In ; the , Supreme
Court of , the -United States to-day.- The
record \ covers; 7ooo Sprinted paces. : .
SPORTS
Judge. Billy Slahan and
Peter J Finish in a Bunch
at Irvington Park.
Racing Men Praise the Fine
Work Done i>y Starter
* Fred Mulholland. SJ
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
PORTLAND, July 27.— An ordinary lot
of selling platera furnished some. amus»-
I ment in the sprints ' to-day at Irvingrton
Park. The special weight event for a
purse, the fifth on the card, was mora
than ordinarily Interesting. Judge beat
Billy Mahan by three-quarters of a
length and Peter J was a scant head be
hind Billy. It was a race from the bar
rier, the horses being bunched all th«
way around.
Some wise money was placed on Profit-^
able at 10 to 1 in the fourth race, but not -
enough to shake down the odds. One of
the features of the meeting so far haa
been the work of Starter Fred Mulhol
land. He has been very successful la
setting the animals off together and
without any great delays at the post.
An attempt was made by a number of
deputy sheriffs to make arrests In th»
betting ring to-day, but as the officers
were without warrants their authority
was not recognized. The summaries:
First rac*. six furlongs^Slllcate <6 to 1. 3
to 1. even> wen. Badly tsed (2 to L win)
\u25a0econd. Billle Taylor (out) third. Time, }:}jH-
Second race, six furlongs— Black Cloud «J y>
5 1 to 2 1 to 5) won. Misa Racb<?l (3 to %,
»' to 2) second. Headwater (2 to 5) third. Time*
Third race, six furlongs— Christopher (13 to
1. 4 to 1. 2 to 1) won. Cameletta (2 to 1. •\u25bc«a>
second. Mr.-Robson (I to S) third. Time, 1:18.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Profitable U0 to
1. 4 to 1. 2 to 1) won. You You (even. 1 to 2)
second. Magda (even) third. Time. 1:« H.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Judrj
(5 to 1, 8 to 5, 1 to 2) won, Billy i£» haa ,_C*
to 10. 2 to 5) second. Peter J (1 to 2) third.
Time. 1:07%. VI, , ... «
Sixth race, one mile— Silver H?el9 (5 to 1.
8 to 5. 4 to 5) won. Jardln de Paris (3 ta t%
2 to 5) second. Gentle Harry (4 to 5) third.
Tim«, 1:41%.
GIANTS MARK IT FOUR
STRAIGHT FROM THE REDS
Washington Beutn Cleveland, the Gama
Belns Played In nn Hoar and
Xlne 311nutea.
STAXDIXC OF THE CLUBS.
(American League.) . (National League)
W. L. Pet ! W. L. Pot
Cleveland ...5a 32 .624 New Y0rk... 61 25 .719
Chicago 4D 82 .«C3 Plttaburs .--37 33 .«33
Philadelphia 4S 34 .335 Philadelphia 31 37 .550
Detroit 4:{ W .513 Chicago 32 3S .&7S
Boston as 42 .475 Cincinnati ..48 44 .511
New Y0rk. ..37 41 .47:5.9t Louis 32 3D .333
St. Louis 31 52 .a74 (Boston 29 61 .323
Washington. 29 54 .34J 'Brooklyn 27 61 .307
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. July 27.— For the fourth tin**
this week the Giants defeated the Cincinnati
team to-day, winning the entire series. Th-»
visitors played a ragged game. Hahn was
put out of the game for disputing the um
pire" s decision and Harper replaced him. At
tendance. 6000. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 3 11 4
New York 9 13 1
Batteries— Hahn, Harper and Schlel: Wllt»a
and Bresnahan. Umplres^ — Bausewein and
Klem.
PHILADELPHIA. July 2T.— Philadelphia
scored an easy victory over Chicago to-day.
Welmer was batted freely and was relieved
by Pfeiffer after the second Inning. Attend
ance. B' tOO. Score:
..* . R. . H. B
Chicago 4 8 2
Philadelphia "9* 10 1 3
\u25a0 Batteries — Wefmer. Pfeffer an«r Kllng;
Sparks and Dooln. Umpire — Johnston*.
BOSTON. July 27. — Leaver pitched a re
markable game for Pittsburg to-day, allow
ing Boston only two hits and giving no fraa
bases. Young was hit more freely. Attend
ance. 2400. Scora:
B. H. H.
Pittsburg .' 2 9 1
Boston 12S
Batteries — Leever. Pettz and Gibson: Young
and Moran. Umpire — Emslie.
BROOKLYN. July 27.— Hanlon's men took
to-day's game from St. Louis by bunching
bits is the fourth and fifth innings. In the
first part of the seventh the visitors bad the
bases filled three times, but sharp Oeldln*
prevented their scoring. Attendance, TCio.
Score:
R- H. B.
Brooklyn ....4 6 S
St Louis - 3 8 1
Batteries— Mitchell and Rltter; Taylor «ni
Grady.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
\u25a0 CHICAGO. July 27. — Philadelphia and Chi
cago played a tie to-day, the score standing
4 to 4 when the game was called at th« end ol
the tenth Inning to enable Philadelphia ta '
catch a train. Altrock was Injured by a bat
ted ball and was replaced by White. Attend
ance, 5100. Score: R. H. B.
Chicago 4 10
Philadelphia 4 18 1
Batteries — Altrock. White and Sullivan;
Plank and Schreck.
CLEVELAND. July 27. — "Washington made It
three out of nve from Cleveland to-dar,
Hughes, scoring hi* second victory ot the eerie*.
The game was played In one hour and cine
minute?, the record for tae league. Attend*
ance, 2200. Score: R» H. E.
Cleveland .......1 4 3
Washington 4 7 0
Batteries — Donohue and Bemla; Hngbee »n i l
Heydon.
You cannot teach children to keep tha
Sunday by making them hat© it. .
The infinite care with
which Marquette Whiskey-
is distilled, its great age,
its absolute purity and de-
licious flavor have made it ;
a universal favorite.
Ask for it wherever
you go.
GROMMES & ULLRICH
Distillers
CHICAGO. ILL.
• San Francisco Branch*
8 BEALE ST.
MaioiietteCOLLIER'S CREW
BROUGHT BACK
Revenue Cutter McCullocli
Returns From Eureka
With Shipwrecked Tars
IS DAMAGED IN GALE
Government VesseLon Way
to Tricolor's Assistance Is
Badly Battered by Seas
Th* captain and crew of the wrecked
Norwegian collier Tricolor arrived here
yesterday from Eureka on the revenue
cutter Hugh McCulloch. The McCulloch
made cne of the fastest round trips be
tween here and Eureka on record. The
shipwrecked sailers were probably more
comfortable on the Government vessel
than they could have been in the limited
Quarters of a small coaster, but the cost
to the Government of the McCulloch's
cruise will be considerable. Captain Cant
well drove his ship at a thirteen-knot
gait through a strong- northwester, and
as a result Uncle Sam will have to foot
a heavy bill for repairs to the pretty
cutter.
The McCulloch left here at 7 o'clock
Tuesday evening, nearly two hours
after the Merchants' Exchange had re
ceived word of the safe arrival of the
Tricolor's crew at Eureka. Of this, how
• ver. Captain Cantwell was not aware.
Outside, the cutter ran into a north
wester. The wind was blowing. Captain
Cantwell says, at least fifty miles an
hour, and the' sea was extremely high.
Into this the McCulloch was driven full
speed, and in spite of wind and sea main
tained a speed of about thirteen knots an
hour. Green seas dropped repeatedly on
the cutter's bow. with the result «...c» the
stanchions supporting the forward deck
buckled and the deck settled two and a
half Isches. Seas swept the cutter's main
deck, striking with terrific force against
the cabin bulkhead and splitting the
beam on which the structure rests. The
spray swept the bridge like the fire from
a machine gun and with such force that
:i tore adrift the weather cloths.
The McCulloch reached the lightship
off Blunts Reef at 10 a, m., Wednesday,
arid arrived at Eureka at 3 o'clock p. m.
She took on board the crew and the boats
paved from the Tricolor, and at 7 p. m.
started back for this port, which she
reached shortly after noon yesterday.
Captain H. Wold, his officers and crew,
twenty-six souls in all. will go from here
to Norway as soon as the Norwegian
Consul can arrange for their transporta
tion.
Captain Wold, at Eureka, placed the
blarno for the loss of the Tricolor upon
the lightship fcr whese whistle he was
listening when the collier crashed on the
rocks nearly four miles inshore from the
lightship. The people on the lightship
told him their whistle was not started
ur.til 4:SO a- m., more than an hour after
the Tricolor went ashore. To mis state
ment he now adds that the weather up
to 4:30 o'clock was comparatively cfear.
The people on the lightship say they
could see nearly four miles, and Captain
Wold admits that when the Tricolor went
ashore the lockout on the collier could
tee at least three miles.
Captain Wold accepts the blame for the
disaster, which could hardly have oc
curred had he taken ordinary precautions.
He passed Cane Blanco at 9 a. m., July
Si. la the aftemcxni -a fog set-in.- After
running for eleven and a half hours he
stepped the Tricolor and took Just one
cast cf the lead. He round no bottom
at sixty-flve fathoms, concluded he had
passed Blunts Reef and changed his
•ship's course to a southeasterly direction.
Akhoujrh he had changed the steamer's
course, Captain Wold was not certain
e.icugh of his position to turn in and get
the sleep he needed quite badly. It never
occurred to him, however, to make some
further use of the sounding machine with
which the Tricolor was equipped. As a
matter of fact, a sounding taken at any
time during the two hours before the
\u25a0vessel struck would have shown Captain
Wold that he w^s oft his course and for
the last half hour the Tricolor waß steam
ing along in less than fifteen fathoms of
water.
An investigation will be held by the
Norwegian Government and Captain
Wold expects that, in consideration of
this being his first accident, his license
will be suspended for not more than one
year. The local inspectors have no Juris
diction in the matter, which is probably
fortunate fcr Captain Wold.
Ths Tricolor, which cost 1200.000 not
very long ago, will be a total loss, and it
is doubtful if even part of her cargo can
be recovered, as it would be unsafe fo£
a vessel of any size to go within a mile
of where ehe is stranded.
Doth Make Lonsr Trips.
The barks R. P. JRlthet and Annie Johnson
arrived yesterday Irom Honolulu, both having
made very long passages. The Rithet was
thirty days and the Jchnaon thirty-five days
:;. .-a'the Uiand port. Captain McPhail of the
R:thet was afraid he would run thort of pro
vistorue and when he sighted the schooner Mary
K. Fester a few days ago ne aslced that vessel
.for food. Tfae Foeter was short herself, how
ever, and was obliged to refuse.- F<3Hanately
the wind proved kinder than the Foster, and
the Rithet .reached port without errw or pas
ee&gers experiencing the discomfort of life on
Fhort rations. The Johnson and RSthet were
fußilrs-ted at the quarantine station before
they were created free pratique.
The Overdue Mitt.
Tbe vessels on the overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Honolulu, 90 per
cent; Chfpperkrle, 90 per cent; Lafayette. 50
Iser cent; Red Rock, 15 per cent: Port Stanley.
8 per cent, and Marathon, 20 per cent.
Water Front >otr«.
L. R. Robinson, agent on the wharf for
the Pacific Mall Company, yesterday, resigned
from the company's service. He la going East
to accexit a railroad position.
The liner Siberia, homeward bound, arrived
yesterday at Honolulu.
The big freighter Arironan. cixty-one days
from New York and forty hours from San
Diego, arrived yesterday with a large cargo of
g^r.iral merchandise.
X Cargo for Mexico.
- The schooner General Banning was cleared
yesterfiay for Altata, Mexico, with 143.346
f: lumber. 40.040 lbs sulphur. 10 tons coke.
400 cs dynamite and 4 cs blasting caps, valued
at X~ ••'•\u25a0\u25a0'•\u25a0
Sun, Sloon nnd Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority cf the
Superintendent
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front fM<ss!cn-«tr*et wharf) about £3
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the tame at both places.
FRIDAY. JULY 28.
.Hun rises 5-10
Sun ecti ...7:23
Moon riw^s 1:50 "a. m.
Z ITlmej (Time! lTlme JTimel
SO 4:02!-0.4:il:18! 4.b! 3:4S 2 8 8:42 6 9
2 \ tiSfcA-Sll^ 4.7 4:34 2.6 10:29 > B.J>
1 8:23r— 0.7112 :34| 4.9) 5:21 2.4Jll:18
NOTE— In tb* abo\-e exposition of the tides
the early worrlng tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides ot the
?*.i? .i ?r? r of o^irrence as to time; the
fourth time colnmn *lyes the last tide of the
<!ay. except when there ere but three tides, a*
ESSSZPf; '°«'«™- The hfighu given are in
fidd.tion to the soundings of the United States
.Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus <-)
elgn precedes the height, ana then the number
«lven Is eubtracted from the depth given by
' \u25a0
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low water*.
Time Rail.
Branch Hydrflgraphlc Office. U S. N.. Mer
chants* Exchange. Pan Francisco. Ca!..
Thursday. July 27. 1905.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, cr nt 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
V Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
Movement! of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Czarina , Portland 1 July 28
Valencia ' Seattle via Portland IJuly "S
laqua I San Pedro iJuly 25
Phoenix Crescent City IJuly 2S
Chehalit san Pedro IJuly 28
North Fork... Humboldt IJuly 28
Enterprise Hllo IJuly 28
Columbia , Portland & Astoria ;July 2a
F. Leggett Portland it Astoria iJuly 2J> I
Del Nor te Crescent City ;July 2S
Coronado | San Pedro -.Juiy 28 \u25a0
Cectralia | San Pedro [July 2J
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma I July I'd
Corona Humboldt IJuly 29
Elizabeth Coqullle River |July M ]
Eurtka Humboldt |July 30 ;
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way PortsjJuly 3U
Queen Puget Sound Ports -July 30 j
Breakwater. . < Coos Bay |Juiy 30 j
Sea Foam I Mendoclno & Pt. ArenajJuly SO
Arctic Humboldt iJuly 30
Homer San Pedro iJuly 31
Northland Portland «& Astoria ,JuJy 31
Mariposa., ... Tahiti iJuly 31 I
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Ports July 31
R. Dollar I Seattle Juiy 31
Sonoma ! Sydney & Way Ports. ..'July 3i
Sequoia Wlilapa Harbor July 31
Baroda Iqulque ' (Aug. 1
Arr.ir.on i Hamburg & Way Ports. Aug. 1
Pomona Humbotdt lAug. 1
S. Monica Grays Harbor ;Aug. 1
Argo Eel River Ports |Aug. 2
Curacao Mexican Ports |Aug. 2
Koanoke Portland &. Way Ports; Aus. 2
Aurelia Portland & Astoria.. .Aug. 2j
St. Paul Portland & Astoria.. .| Aug. 2
M. F. Plant... Coos Bay & Pt. Ortord.|Aug. 3
Pt. Arena Mendoclno & Pt. Arena; Aug. 3
Porno {Point Arena & Albion. ; Aug. 3
Santa Rosa... j San Diego & Way PonelAug. 3
Bonita -Newport & Way Ports.JAug. 3
Siberia China & Japan {Aug. 4
City Puebla. . . Puget Sound Ports lAug. 4
Cascade........ -Portland \u25a0&. Astoria ;Auk. 4
F. KHbura... Portland &\u25a0 Way PortsjAug. 7
Sun Jean ... New York via Ancon ..|Aug. 7
N'vadan Honolulu and Kahulu. .! Aug. 7
Ursatllla Puget Sound Ports lAug. 9
TO SAIL.
Steamer 1 Destination. j Sails.' Pier.
1 1
July 28. I j
J. Hlgglas. Los Angeles Ports. !ll amlPier 2
laqua Humboldt .10 am, Pier 2
Rainier..... Seattle & BelUngml 2 pm.Pier 10
Cr. chilis Grays Harbor i 3 pmiPler 2
Pomona.;.. Humboldt l:3op(Pier 9
F. Kllburn. Portland & Way. . j 2 pmjPler 27
Coronado... Grays Harbor 1 2 pm:Pier 10
F. Leggett.. Los Angeles Ports 4 pm|Pler 2
- July 20.
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pmiPler 10
Redondo Astoria & Portland 7 pmjPier 2
Argo..: Eel River Ports... 3 pm;Pler 2
Xewburg... Grays Harbor 2 pm-Pier 10
Porno Pt Arena & Albion 6 pmiPler 2
M. F. Plant. Coos Bay 4 pmjPler —
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pmfPler 2
Bonita San Pedro & Way. 9 am, Pier 11
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am' Pier 9
Theben Hamburg & Way.|l2 m Pier 19
Alatneda Honolulu |11 amjPler 7
Acapulco N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 m Pltr 40
July 30.
Santa Rosa. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
July 31.
Corona Humboldt l:3op.Pler 9
N. Fork Humboldt » am] Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portland.lll am;Pler 24
Aturust l. I
S Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. !lo amiPler 2
Eureka Humboldt (10 ami Pier 2
Breakwater. Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 8
Elizabeth... CoqulUe River 5 pm Pier 20
Cbas. Nelsor Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmJPier 20
Ausruit 2.
Sea Foam.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 ami Pier li
'\u25a0 Coptic China &. Japan.... 1 pm|Pler 40
Roanoke Los Angeles Ports. 7 pm Pier 5
Vanguard.. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 27
; Anjmut 3.
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor 12 m] Pier 20
Queen Puget Sound Ports 11 ami Pier 9
Nebraskan.. Hono. & Kahulu!.. 3 pm Pier 23
August 4.
R. Dollar. . . Seattle
Northland.. Astoria & Portland 9 am Pier 27
August 0.
City Panam N. Y. via Ancon . . 12 m Pier 40
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 27
EL Paul.... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 2i
A ueu ft 6.
Mariposa... Tahiti 11 am Pier 7
Anguit 7. j
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
AuKUftt 8. j
Cascade Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. |ll am PJer 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. - Destination. I Sails.
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. July 29
Santa Clara... Valdex & Eeward July 30
Jefferson [Skagway & Way Ports. 'July 30
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports) July 31
Excelsior Seward & Way Ports.. l Aug. 1
Ohio Nome & St. Michael.... Aug. 1
Farallon Ekagway & Way Ports. Aug. 2
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports.JAug. 4
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 4
Portland Cookß Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 10
Senator Nome & St. Michael..! Aug. 10
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thureday, July 27.
V S ttmr Hugh McCulloch. Cantwell, IS
hours from Eureka, with crew of wrecked
Nor stmr Tricolor.
Ger «tmr Theben, Richert. 3 days 6 hours
from Seattle, put in to finish loading.
Stmr Santa Roea, Alexander, 41 hours from
San Dlei.o.
Stmr Gualala. Kalnin, 30 hour* from Eu
reka.
Stmr Arizonan. Tapley. 61 days from New
York, via San Diego 45 hours.
Stmr Porno, Relnertsen. 12 hours from Al
bion, etc.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 35 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Navarre Jacobs, 29 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Helen P. Drew, Gundercon, 13 hours
from Greenwood.
. Stror M. F. Plant, Nelson, 85 hours from
Coo* Bay.
Bark R. P. Rithet, McPhail, 80 days from
Honolulu. ,
Bark Annie Johnson, Nelson, 35 days from
Honolulu.
Bark Roderick Dhu, Engal-s, 82 days from
Bchr H. C, . Wright, Nielsen, 30 days from
Mahukcna..
Schr 8. T. Alexander, Johnson, . 4 days from
Eureka. . \u0084
Schr Marconi. Larsen, 4^ days from Coos
Bay.
Schr- Oakland. - Johanncen, 4V4 days from
SiusUw River.
Schr Besala K. Stark, 14 hours from San
Vicente Landing.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 6 hours from Point
Reyes. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO - CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 28, 1905.
BARKS R. P. RiTHET AND AN
NIE JOHNSON. WHICH ARRIVED
YESTERDAY FROM HONOLULU.
Tug Sea Rover. Thompson. 2S hours from
I Port Harford. with barge Santa Paula in tow.
| Barge Santa Paula, Pille, 2S hours from Port
i Harford, In tow of tug Sea Rover.
CLEARED.
! Thursday, July 27.
i Ptmr Whlttier. Dlckson, Astoria, via Port
I Harford: L'nlon OH Co.
! Stmr Pomona, Swawon. Eureka; PCS 6 Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; P
C S S Co.
Schr General Bannlnc, Thomas, La Paz,
William Qlsen.
Barge Santa Paula. Pille, Portland, via Port
I Harford: Union Oil Co.
SAILED.
| Thursday, July 27.
Br stmr Dakotah, Ross, Shanghai.
Stmr Maggie. Corning, Ha If moon Bay.
Stmr G. C. Llndauer. Allen. Grays Harbor.
\u25a0 Stmr Pasadena. Hendricksen. Eureka. ;
i Stmr Brooklyn. Carlson. Mendoclno.
Stmr San Pedro, Rasmusaen, San Pedro.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Die
eo, etc.
Stmr Eureka, Je?sen. Eureka.
Stmr W. H. Kruger. Martin. Unalaska.
Ship Star of Bengal, Henderson, Portland.
' Schr James H. Bruce, Swanson, South Bend.
SPOKEN.
July 13— In lat 22 N. long 23 W. Fr bark
Jacquez, from Cardiff, for San Francisco.
Per stmr Navarro — July 26, 0 p m, in lat
39 3S N. long 124 05 W, stmr Francis H. Leg
gett. with log raft In tow.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 27. 10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind NW; velocity J2 miles p«r hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— SaiIed July 2&— Stmr Tampico.
for Nome; etmr City of Seattle, for Skugway;
stmr Bertha, for Valdez.
Arrived July 'J?— Stmr City of Puebla, hence
July 2*;
Sailed July 1:30 p m— Stmr Queen, for
San Franclscc.
Arrived July 27 — Stmr Santa Clara, from
Valdez: stmr Cottage City, from kagway.
ASTORlA— Arrived July 27— Stmr Roanoke,
hence July 24.
Arrived July 26-^Stmrs Czarina. Columbia,
Valencia and Aurella, from San Francisco.
Arrived July 27— Stmr Alliance, from Eu
reka.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed July 27— Schr
John G. North, from Port Gamble, for San
Dleco.
PORT HARFORD — Arrived July 26— Stmr
Coos Bay. hence July 25, and sailed July 26
for San Pedro.
EUREKA— SaiIed July 26 — Stmr Vanguard,
for San Pedro; stmr Navarro, for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed July 27— Stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed July 26— Bktn Skaglt,
for Port Gamble.
Arrived July 27 — US stmr Chicago, hence
July 25.
Sailed July 27— Bktn Skaglt, for Port Gam
ble. .--,
BANDON— Arrived July 27— Stmr Elizabeth,
hence July 21.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 27— Stmr Break
water, hence July 25.
WESTPORT— Arrived July 27— Stmr "West
port, hence July 26.
REDONDO — Arrived July 27 — Schr W. J.
Patterson, from Grays Harbor; schr Azalea,
from Eure'-a; schr Commerce, from Olympla.
SANTA ARBARA— Arrived July 27— Stmr
Coos Bay. ..ence July 25, and sailed for San
Pedro.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July 27— Stmr
Brunswick, hence July 26.
Sailed July 27— Stmr James S. Hlggins, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived July 27— Schr Willis
A. Holden. from Mukllteo: bark Vldette, from
Fort Bragg: stmr Chehalls, hence July 26.
ABERDEEN — Arrived July 27— Stmr Santa
Monica, hence July 22; stmr Santa Barbara,
from Seattle.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 27— Schr John
G. North, tor San Dletro.
Arrived July 27 — Bark Fresno, hence July 7
TATOOSH— Passed July 27— Bktn Planter.
hence July 7, for Port Gamble: schr Spokane,
from Port Gamble, for San Francisco
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 27—
Stmr Homer," from Eureka, via Santa Barbara,
and sailed for Sen Pedro.
UKAYS HARuuß— Sailed July 2C— Schr Oli
ver J. Olsen. July 27— Schr Dauntless, for
San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
MAKAWELI— Arrived July 25— Schr Allen
A, from Astoria. «
HONOLULU— SaiIed -July 26— Stmr Sierra,
for Sydney.
Arrived July 27— Stmr Siberia, from Yoko
hama. \u25a0 -
KAANAPALI — Arrived July 27— Stmr Tex
an, from Honolulu.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Cleared July 26— Stmr Orego
nlan, for San Francisco. .-
Sailed July 27— Stmr Oregonlan. for San
Francisco, via Sfln Diego.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MADEIRA— Paeoed July 21— Ger ghip Her
zogln Sophie Charlotte, from Bremen, for Hon
olulu.
LADYSMITH— SaiIed July 27— Br stmr Wel
lington, for San Francisco.
LONDON— Sailed July 26— Ger strnr Assuan
for San Francisco.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed July 5— Ger stmr Ve
rona, for Kobe.
COLON— Arrived July 26— Stmr Mexico, from
HONGKONG — Arrived July 26— Br stmr
Athenian, from Victoria. l r
IQUlQUE— Arrived July 7— Br stmr Ca
cique, from New York, and sailed for Val
paraiso. \u25a0 •••-\u25a0-
NEWCASTLE. N. S.W.— Arrived' July "2—
Br ship Ardencralg, from Port Pirle, to load
for San Francisco. • j . •- -
Arrived July 27— Bark Louisiana, from Syd
ney. * '
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed July 22— Fr shlD
David dA ngers, for Oresron.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 27— Stmr Main
from Bremen: stmr Patricia, from Hamburg
PLYMOUTH— Arrived July 27— Stmr Fried -
rlch dcr Grouse, from New York.
r.lcmornnda.
Per M. F. Plant— On July 26. 10:45 a. m
6tt miles 'south of Blunts lightship, passed
ttmr Francis H. Leggett. from Astoria for
San Francisco, with raft in tow.
Estimates on Crop Conditions.
WASHINGTON,- July 27.-7-011 August
10 the crop estimating board ; of the
Department ; of ' Agriculture will meet
and give out the estimates on" the con
dition of the United States as a whole
aa rapldlyas they are; completed for
the corn, spring wheat and, oat- crops.
The -detailed estimates regarding the
above mentioned crops and other crops
embraced by the August estimates will
tie Issued at 4 o'clock p.m. on the date
named.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRAXCISCO, July 27—5 p. ra.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for previous day:
Cincinnati SO-64 Philadelphia •. 80-66
Boston 7S-«O New York M
Jacksonville 92-76 Washington 80-M)
St. Louis &O-tj« Pittsburg 7CJ-4S
Chicago 72-«0 Honolulu. H. T..SO-70
New Orleans ....SU-74
SAN FKANCISCO 60-52.
THE COAST RECORD.
. ' g-, £ a 3 Z' ~
I r»3i. & I
a fall *= } X '
STATIONS. Z ig SSS S Jg . SS, g
'Sa : : §
: 5 5 : , : :
Baker 20.78 84 54 NW \u25a0 Clear .00
CaiSin 25>.78 W M W Clear .00
Eureka 30.00 CO 54 N Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.62 U4 60 NW, Clear .00
S E Karallon.29.9S 57 5a NW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 20.76 80 56 NW Cloudy 1.12
Independence 29. CS 94 64 SE Clear .CO
L. Anspl?s .:.20.86 7« 00 SW Clear .fn»
Mt Tamalpais.-29.95 71 60 W Clear' .00
North Head .29.98 60 5« S Cloudy T
Phoenix 29.tf8 09 "H W Clear .06
Pt Reyes Lt.29.94 57 51 NW Ooudy .00
Pocatello 2f).fiS !»2 f>* SW Pt Cldy .(h»
Portland 29.88 78*68 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff ...20.7S 90 «*) SW Clear .00
Rceeburg 29.86 S2 '54 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..2!».54 78 62 S Clear .UO
Salt Lake 20.rt2 OS .72 N Pt Cldy .00
San Francisco. 2o.9S GO 52 W Clear .00
P. L. 0bi5p0. 29.94 70 C 2 W Foggy .00
San Diego ...-29. 89 e$ 62 W Cloudy .00
Seattle 29.90 76 54 SW Pt Cldy .00
Spokane 20.76 S<s 6(5 NE Cloudy .02
Tatoosh 29.92 5S 52 W Pt Cldy .02
Walla Wa11a. 29. 74 04 70 NW *Pt Cldy .00
Winnemucca .29.74 92 54 W Clear .00
Yuma 29.72 100 SO S Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy or foggy weather prevails along the
coast from San Francisco northward and gen
erally cloudy weather over the Rocky Moun
tain region; elcewhere en the Pacific slope It is
fair. A thunderstorm with heavy rain Is re
ported from Flagstaff and light rain from
Tatoosh Island.
The pressure . has risen slowly along the
coast and fallen over the plateau region.
The temperature has fallen over Oregon and
Washington and remained nearly stationary
In other district?.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight July 28, 1905:
San Ftancisco and vicinity — Foggy Friday
morning, becoming fair during the day; fresh
west wind. / \u25a0
Los Angeleftand vicinity— Fair Friday; light
west wind. \u25a0 . ...
, Sacramento Valley— Fair Friday; light south
wind.
San Joaquin Valley— Fair Friday; light
north wind.
Coast— Foggy Friday morning, becoming fair
during the day; fresh west wind.
Nevada — Fair Friday.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecaster, Temporarily in Charge.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For; the twenty-fourt hours ending 5 p. m.,
•120 th meridian tinve,- San Francisco July 27
1905: •\u25a0 '
X\u25a0 S "3 & Z
STATIONS., ||,1| 5 5 & go Q
£' s i : :\u25a0 *
? •?'"'":• : • :
Cloverdale 86 52 .. Clear
Colusa 84 55 .. Clear """
Eurtka : 60 64 .. Cloudy N ' *'fi
Fresno. M GO .. clear XW 8
Hanford 104 60 .. Clear
Holllster 78 52 .. Lt Fog W
Independence .. 94 64 \u0084 Clear SE 12
King City 81 55 .. Clear .
Llvermore 71 -53 .. Clear
L. Angeles 76 60 .. Clear SW 10
Merced 96 45 .. Clear
Napa ;77 66 .. Clear SW '!"
Newcastle 88 57 .. Clear S ..
Newman 94 52 .. Clear
Palermo ..89 52 .. Clear "" *"*
Portervllle 95 58 .. Clear
Red Blutf 90 80 .. Clear SW 'io
Riverside 86 60 .. Clear
Sacramento .... 78. 62 ';.; Clear S " 12
San Diego ..... 68 6a .. Cloudy W 6
San Francisco.. 60 52 ... Clear W 24
S. L. ObUpo 70 02 .. Clear W 8
Santa Maria ... OS 65 .. Clear .... ...
Santa Rcsa .... 75 61 .. Clear .... ...
Stockton 82 62 .. Clear .......;
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Cloverdale —Weather, conditions fine for all
kinds of fruit. . . >
Colusa —Grapes ripening; quality good
Hollister—Barltett peara ripening fast, good
crop; large size, . .
Hanford—Seedless grapes being picked; grain
doing nicely. . .
Stockton —Muir peaches coloring up ; well;
promising heavy crop, .
King City—Foggy mornings; threshing pro-,
gressing rapidly.
Llvermore —Much hay being hauled Into
warehouses; quality variable.
Napa —Grain yield falling below average.
Palermo—Mulr -peaches being picked and
harvested. . .
Santa Maria —Oats averaging only 4 to 6
sacks per acre; barley 10 sacks and over.
* GEORGE H. WILLSON, i
Assistant Section Director.
SAYS ACTOR HUSBA3VD
IS CRUEL j ALSO RICH
Frances) E. M. Dean Sues for Divorce
Decree and Alimony to Maintain
H tTMclf and Child. •
Frances E. M. Deari,' who says her
husband possesses the qualifications of a
theatrical manager and actor to a de
gree that would enable him to properly
support her If he would, and who makes
the further allegation that ho is pos
sessed of real and personal , property
valued at ?lOO ( 000,;flled suit for divorce
yesterday/ naming - cruelty /and deser
tion as; grounds of faction. , Mrs.i Dean
asserts 'that: on frequent occasions her
husband f silsely, accused, her of having
been unfaithful' to him and otherwise
mistreated her. In adidtion to ' a decree
of divorce she" asks for Jl5O a.month
alimony, and the custody of their minor
50n....; .'" \u25a0" : "\u25a0" .":.; . -;' ":.'\u25a0 ..-.. "' '" ; ;.. " ;;..-: .• ,
. Suits t for •divorce were -also filed by
Anna Belle.- against John', Scanlon., for
cruelty", ; and' Charles M.', against "Mary
A.' Keidewald.'forjdesertion. ; .-.-. ..;•' •?.:;-. >
Fannie\ Klodt'applied yesterday for a
decree annulling her niarrlage to Albert
M. \u25a0 Klodt. . Decides ,- of divorce , were
granted to i Carmelltav from .Louis Da
nuza, for willful "neglect; i'John from
M^ry :Mlnnus,-forJ,cruelty;. Henry, iR. ;
from Minnie ; McClelland; ' for ; desertion.
andi Pearl ; E. from James A. Ryan, for
extreme cruelty. T" - **'-: :
RENT FDR FERRY
STANDS REDUCED
Foster & Orear Plead News
Business Has Fallen Off
and Board Is Liberal
CUT OF $1000 A MONTH
Unable to Pay $1765, the
Figure to Which the Bid
Was Run Some Time Ago
The State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners met yesterday afternoon, Presi
dent C. H. Spear presiding:. A com
munication from Foster & Orear, who
hold the privilege of maintaining news
stands in the ferry building, was con
sidered. The holders of the concession
asserted that the sum of $1765 per month
paid to the State was much more than
the privilege was worth. Foster &
Orear reviewed at some length the inci
dents leading up to the fixing of that
rental, setting forth that they were com
pelled to pay an exorbitant price or sur
render the business which they had been
building up for fifteen years.
They further asserted that the firm
was losing money and could no longer
pay the amount charged. Among the
causes given for a falling off in the busi
ness was the installation of twenty min
ute service on the Southern Pacific
route, which diminished the waiting time
of passengers. It was also stated that
the Key route took many passengers.
The firm asked the commissioners to
have an expert examine the books of the
concern to verify the facts set forth in
the application for a reduction of ren
tal. - .
Foster & Orear offer to pay JSOO a
month for the privilege, provided the
right of maintaining the newsstand in
the Key route section of the depot i 3
embraced In the concession.
Commissioner Mackenzie introduced a
resolution fixing the rental at JSOO a
month from August I, and moved its
adoption. Commissioner Crocker second
ed the motion. The resolution prevailed.
President Spear did not vote but de
clared the motion carried on the affirm
ative votes of the other commissioners.
When the competition for the privilege
began in 1904 'Foster & Orear were pay
ing $430 a month. Competitive bidding
ran up the figure to $1765. The commis
sioners recently declined $100 a month
for the newsstand concession In the Key
route section of the depot. Figuring that
this is embraced in the new concession,
the reduction which Foster &. Orear
obtain exceeds $1000 per month.
Commissioners Crocker and Mackenzie
held that the fact had been established
that the firm could not pay the present
rental without losing money every
month.
Hereafter the privilege of maintaining
oil pipe lines on the water front must
be paid for by the oil companies. The
rate for each pipe line was fixed at $25
a month.
Thnt packnjje of old rent receipts
Mhould ninke your foresight sharper.
Buy your orrn home on the Installment
plan. Heal Kstate Ads. Sunday.^ '
OCE.VX TRAVEL. - \u25a0
\u25a0 Steamers leave Piers 9 and
/^Vt^-^SfIV il - Sai » Francisco:
A£cl or Ketchikan. Wrangel.
lA/W*^> V^\ J'Jn«"au. Treadwell. Halnes.
II \«>K> I I Skagway. etc.. Alaska —11
I \ \T«»ia/ j a. m . July 5. 0. 14. 17. 10.
Wv. \\ \u25a0 \u2666O7 24 > M - Au^- 3 - Change to
V^S^^^-^k^V thig company's steamers at
XAfcf^v" Stattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes South Belllnßham. Belllngham — 11 a.
m. July 5 .9. 14, 17. 19. 24. 29, Aug. 3. Change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. X. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
t>. m., July 5. 10 16, 22. 28. Aur. 3. Corona
1:30 p m.. July I. 7. 13. 19 25. 31 Aug. 6.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles anJ
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
-Santa Roea. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California Thursdays. 9 a. ,m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme—
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. July I. 9. 17. 25, Atiar. 2.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. July 5. 13. 21. 29. Aug. 6.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Maxatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia. Guayrnas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
• ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1905— Th«
palatial steamshiD SPOKANE will leave Ta-
coma, Seattle and Victoria June 22, July 6. 20.
August 3. 17."
For further information obtain fol<J#r. Right
l g rP o«. r vf>d to chane» steamers or sailing date*.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel) 10 Market st.. and Broadway
wharves. Fr#ieht Office. 10 Market st.
C. D DLTNANN- General Passenger Agent.
_10 Market st., San Francisco.
Seward,
I VBSaJ ALASKA,
V^jJ Jqv direct,
\m*^t?W>' Carrying passengers and sup-
plies for Alaska Central Ry.
Stmr, VASJEIMCI«v
Will leave Broadway "Wharf, San Francisco,
MONDAY. JULY 3t. AT 3 P. M.
C. D. DUNAXN. General Passenger Agent;
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
AAft4IIIAf <kr af A AXirAil. *AI!0», ttt
OCeBSI£S.S.CO. S^^iisl
S S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July 29, 11 AM.
S S. MARTPOSA. for. Tahiti. Aug. 6, 11 A. M.
S S SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Aucklan-l
and Sydney. Thursday, August 10, 2 P. M.
J.D.SPEECKELS k BEOS. Co.,AgtS.,TiC'i3t 0053613 Mir-
Eet, Freight Offics 327 Market St.. Pier 7, pasiai 3t
KOSMbS LirSE
* PASSENGER SERVICE.
S S. "THEBEN." 60CO tons. Captain Rich-
ert ' sailing Irom San Francisco." July 29. for
Europe via ports on 'west coast of Mexico.
Central and South 'America. For rates and
accommodations apply to LENDAL M. GRAY.
Manager. «g» Marktt street. \u25a0.
Cnropnurnle General*- TrunnatlautiquV.'"'
DI RECT LIX K TO HA VMK-fkrU.
bajlliit; evrry Tnursday instead of •^R/M>r»
baturaay. 1W «.' at.. > from Pier -U.
River, loot of Morton st.
i Flt»t <i«ss to HaVTft. 170 and upwsrd. S^v.
end class to Havre. $40 and upward. OEJI.
ERAL AOEXCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
PAN ADA. 3i Broadway \u25a0 Hudson bulldl %s>
New York* J. F. FbOAZI * CO.. Pacific Co*.i
Acfntf. 6 Muotnomery avenue. San Fruntuto
Tlfk"!* "'Old oy »ll Haliroad Ticket A«r#nts
UAV AND INtEKUKBA.> ROUTES.
NAPA VALLEY ROUTE.
»* ONTICELLO STEAMSHIP COMPA.VT-
IVI VALLEJO AND NAPA VALLEY INTER.
URBAN ELECTRIC R.- R. CO. Oose connec-
uons at Vallejo with 6 round trips dally fO,f 0 ,
Vallejo. - Mare Island Navy Yard. Napa. Nap*"
Abjlum and all way points.' Boats leav» j, an
Francisco" : 0° »««•'• *9:43 a. ni.V 12:3o u«on.
8"16 P- m^*«iOO A ;«n.,* «:30 p..m. .;\u25a0..;-/.
Cars l*«ve- ISapa .6:15. a. m.. <J:53; a. n".
local, B:3U a. m.,' 11:30 h. m.. 2:30 p. m.. 4:30
p ml*, 7:80 p. tn.. »:30 p. m. local, s&a
Francisco landing and office. Pier •2. foot of
Mission »t. Meals a la carte. • Phone Main
1808. ' -.v HATCH BROS.. General Agents.
•Lands Navy Yard direct.'
For Vnllejo and Mare" Inland Navy Yard.
Steamer :H. .J. CORCORAN 'leaves wharf
north end Of Ferry Building, week days (exespt
Saturday).- 1 1 ; ; a- m:, B:ls. p. ' in, Saturdays. 1 1
a.m. - Sundays, fl::!0 a.- m.. 8:13 p.' m. Leaves
.Vallejo. week days :(exc*pt Saturdays).: 7:15 a.
!m..v5::M) p. m. ! , Saturdays. 7:30 n. m.,« i>. ni.
: Sundays. : 5:30 p. m. Meals a la carte. > Phone
C 41." BAUNESON-HIBBERD CO.,- maaa«eii
iiti Montgomery street.' ; . . K»«»a~J
fWj^§m A Good Tiling to Tie to
There is no beer «o thoroughly de-
,2gSssfeg^scr^^ pendable in purity, \vholesomeneS3 and
delicious flavor as Cascade.
fu^^^T'e^S^^^ as won * ts wa^ str ' ct b" upon
—^^ "' its merits — try it for yourself. Ask
*m "- your grocer.
UNION BREWING & MALTING GO.
JS^Ssfr^^^ Bottling Dapt. MISSION 319.
Hotel Del Coronado
A Under New Management A
k Enjoy California's best climate at the \
v largest seaside resort hotel in the world, f
p Cuisine unexcelled. Every modern m
k convenience provided. 0
v Summer Rates » Each person f
f $3.00 day, $ 1 7.50 week, and upwards, f
k Excellent . beating, fishing, hunting, g '
" golf links, tennis, bowling. Interest- '
f ing side trips. Ask railway agent or f
k write k
X Morgan Ross, manage* *
w Coronado Beach. California w
i H. F. Norcross. 200 S. Spring:. Los Angeles i
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
iC!IICAGO T |N 3 DAYSi
I -Leaves Mondays >nd Thursdays at B
Kg !):30 a. m. with Diners and Sle«per*. Ejj
Other Santa Fe Trains i
b-Oop'm'i For Stockton. Tre«no. Bakersfleld.
vIsZZ: m.j ' Merced. Hanrord and Visalla.
4:00 3. m. For Stockton^
7 :30 a. m. 5 Direct connection for Toseaalt*
U:3oa. m. \ Valley and the Big Trees.
9:30 a. m. $ For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
b:0Op. m. 5 and Cbicaso.
9:30 a. m. 5 For Oakdale and points' on Sierra
\ Railway.
Ticket Offices — 633 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal.: also 27 South First. San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlbnron Ferry. Foot of Slarfeet Street.
SAY FRAXCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— T:3O. 8:00. »:CO. 11:00 a. m.;
12:80, 2:30. 4:CO. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 ;30 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O, 8:00. 9:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.:
1:30. 2:30. 3:40." 5:10. 8:30. 7:23. 11:30 p. m.
SAY RAFAEL TO SAN FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— B:CS. 6:50. 7:33. 7:50.. B:2a
9:20. 11:15 a. m.: 12:50. «:«>. 3:40. 5:00.
5:10. 5:25, 6:20 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trip at 1 :45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:SO. 7:35. S:2O. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.;
1:40. 3:40. 4:50, S:CO. 5:20. 5:25. 6:20, 7:5w.
7:5S v. m. tExcept Saturdays.
Leave ! In Effect \u25a0 • I Arrive
San Fran. | May 1. 1805. [ San Fran.
Werk I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- t Week
Days. I gays. I tlon. | days. I Days.
7:t>oa ' 7:45 a) 7:43 a
7:30 a b:UOa 8:40 al S:»0a
B-.lOa 9:10 a
' S:f'Oa *J:SOa Igaaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 0:00 p 6:1*0 p
4:00 D
5:10 p 5:l-» p 6:20 p 7:20 p
7:20 a! 7::tOa| Napa. I 8:10 at 0:10 a
4:oop| 5:10 p| | 6:20 p| 6:20 p
7:SO a 7:30 a 7:43 a 7:43 a
8:C0a S.foa Novato. 10:2Q a 10:20 a
2:30 g 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 8:20 p
5:10 p 2:Wp and 7:20 p 7:20 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:50 p •\u25a0""!..-
7:30 a 7:SOa 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:U)a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:20 p 6:20 p
2:30 |) 2:30 p S:3op 7:20 p
Windsor.
7:30 4 7:30 a Healdsbors. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:2Qp 7:20 p
| • Cloverdale.
7:30 a! 7:30 al Hcpland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:aop| and Uklah. I 7:20 pi 7:20 p
I | wants. II
7:30 a! 7:30 al Sherwood. | 7:20 p| 7:20 p
8:00 kl 8:00 al Guernevllle and 110:20 a|10:20 a.
C:3opl ZtSqjß Cotr.i. Vacation. | S:sop| 6:20 p
.VOOat b-00a| ~~ S:4oa 8:40 a
5:10 p.' O*."U)aj Etrcma. 6 :OU p 6:20 p
I 5:10 p! Glen Elien. [8;5Op
7::«>a. 7::;0aj ~I |10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p[ 2:30 p Sebastcpol. . I 7:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 pi 5:10 pi 1 ,
STAGES connect at Santa Ro*a for White-
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burkes Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Gsyservllle for Skagg*
Springs: at Cloverdale for^the Geysers, Bsone-
vilte and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KeUeyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uknah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
\u25a0 brings. B» u « Lakes. Laurel DeU Lake. Witter
Kurinss. Upp«r Lake. Porno. Potter Valley
John Day' 8. Llerley's. HuUvllle. Orf m nil
Springe. Halfway House. Comptche. Hopkln.
Mendocino City. -Fort Bragg. Westport, L\«af;
at Willits for Hejrst_and Sawyer^at Sberwood
'or Westport, Cahto. Covelo. Laytonviiie. Cuno-
mlns. Bella 'SprtßS«. Harris, Olsens, Dyer
.Garberv.lle. Pepperwood. Camp's. Scotia and
"aturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates
Sunday* — Round-trip tickets to all. points
beyond \u25a0 San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market utreet. Chronicle
'building.
JAS. AGLER. R. X. RTAN.
: Gen. i Manager. Gen.. Pass Agt.
$ppg*p To SAN RAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY,
||i||l|||| MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
!«?33&£«§?rfiS^< Via Sansallto Ferry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE
L-epart wetk aays at 7:Ou. 7:45. s:^3. 9:10.
9:50, 11.00 a. m.: 12:20, 1:45. S:l5. 4UJi. 5:13.
5:50, b:3O. 7:15, 0:00. 10!15 nnd 11.-S5 p. m.
\u25a0 • Depart Sundaya'and holidays at 7:15, 7:43,
8:15. b:45. tt:ls. »:45. 10:15. 10:45. 11:13. nuj
a. m.; 12:13. 12:45. 1:15. 1:45, 2:15. 2:45. 3:13.
3:43. 4:15, 4:45. 5:15. 5:45. 6:15. «:45. 7:13,
(7:15. S:l5 for Sausalito only). 9:Uo. 10:13,
11:35 D-rn. ; .
For Fairfax. we«k /days— 7:45 a. m.. Z:li
p. m.. .3:15 p. m. Sundays and holidays —
7:45. 8:45. 9:15. 10:13. 11:45 a." m.. 1:13 p. m.
THRODGH. TRAINS.
- 7:45 a. m. daily— Cazadero ana way stations.
«:15 t». m. Sundays and liciiilayj — Point
Reyes, tto . . .
3:15 p. m. dally (except Sunday) — For Caza-
<lero. etc. --'-!•
- 5:15 p. m. dally (except Sunday) — For Point
Reyes, ate. >»»Ww<sg»a»t«rpiii JM I wWft— *JMm*am
8:13 d. re. Sundays and Holidays for Caii-
d»ro. etc. "4*M«t9MSiotS>«gt*f|»aMßßMnn
TICKET OFFICE— 6SO -Jarket st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market sU *
RAILWAY TKA\~Eli>
Trains leave sind are da*
ygvy^C^y to arrive st I
I \^JJ, t mJ J Fbom Jcx« 25. 1905.
N <glXX^ (Foot of Market Street)
. -"*\u25bc*— MAIN LINE. — abkits
7-OOa Elmira. VacarUle. Winters, Kumsey 7-tflP
7.00 a ElcUmond. Benlds, Sacramento,
Sa>ua snd Way Stations 7-28p
/•4oa Vallejo. Xapa, Calistoga, Santa
Kosa, Martinez, Saa Kamon 6-03f»
7-40ASIles. Pieasanton, Llrermora, -
„„„ Tracj, Lathrop, Stockwn 7.28p>
8-OOAShasU Express— (Via Davit),
TVUUams, "Willows, tFrnto, Red
BlnS. Portland. Tacoma. Seattle. 7-43p
B.ooa DsTla. Woodland, KnlgiiuLandlag.
Marysrllle. OrovllJe 7-43p
8.20 a Martinez. Antioch, Byron, Tracy,
Stockton, Newman, Los Banos,
Mendota, Armona, Hanford, . < n9 _
Vlsalis. Porterrtlla „ \ 15f P .
820APort Coita, Lathrop. Merced. Mo- ' *- 4BP
<Je«to. Raymond. 7re»ao, Baa-
ford. Visalla. Baicersdeid 443p
8.40 a Nlles, San Jose. Urerrnore, B wck-
too (tMlltoo). Valley Sprtng,
lonp, Sacramento, Placervllle,
Colfax. Mamvllie. Red81n2.... 4.08p
8-40A Oakdale, Chinese, Jamestown,
Sonora. Taolamne and Angels... 4.08p
9XOa Atlantic Eapres»-Ogdea sad East. 4-28P
9.40 a Richmond, Part Cost. \u25a0». Mar tinea
- snd Wsy Stations (tConeord) .... B.4Rp
1 020* Vsllejo, Dally. Nspa, Sunday only 7-48P
10-20a Los Angeles Passenger— Port
Costa, Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemocre. Visalla,
Bakersfleld, Lcs Angeles 7-CSp
10.20a El Paso. Kan&aa City, s»t. Lonis and
' -"•_ Chicago 7-08p
! 11.00 a Th* OTerland Limited— Omahs,
Chicago, Denver. Kansas City... 5-48p
11.40ANiles, S*n Jose and Wsy Stations. 2 48p
ti .00p Sacramento Rlxer Steamers MI.OOp
3-40P Kenlcia, Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland. Knlahts Laadlag,
\u25ba M»rysvli:e and Oroviue 10.43 a
3.40p-Ha7ward, Nlles. and Way 7.43p
4-OOpValleJo, Martlaez, San l;amon,
i - Napa. Callstogra, Santa Kosa 9.23 a
4.oopNlles. Tracy. Stockton. LodL 10 28a
4.4opHayw»nJ. Nlles. Irvlngton. SanJ ta.43A
1 Jose, LlTersiore } $11, 43 a
6.00 p The Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banos, Mendota, Fresno, Tulare,
1 Bakersneld, Los Anseles I 8.43 a
5-OOp Chicago sad St. Lou!* Special— El
Paso. Kansas City, St. Louis and
Cnlcs.ro 8.48 a
ts.2opHav.rarJ. Kilo* aad SaaJose 7.08 a
6.20P Vallejo. Port Costa. Bcnlcta, Sal-
' sun, Sacramento 11.23 a
6.oop£astera Express— Omaba, Chicteo,
DenTer. Kaasas City. St. Lonis,
Mnrtlnez. Stockton. Sacramento,
Rf no. Sparks. Montello. Ogden .. 1 2.48p
6.2opHsywsrd. N:lesaad SaaJose 8.48 a
7.ooPReno Passenger— Port Costa. Be-
nlcla. Salsaa. Elmira, Dtxoa,
DaTls.Sacrmmento. Sparks. Tono-
pah, Goldfleld andKceler 7.08 a '
7>4oPPort Costa, Marttaez.Byroa.Tracy,
Modesto. Merced. Fresno 12-08P
7.4CPTosemlte and Maripoi>& Btsr Trees
(rla Raymond- Wavrona Route).. 8.48 a
7^3 P Vallejo, Sunday only 11.28 a
8-20POregan 4 California Express— Sac-
* ramento. MarysTtne. Redrting,
, Portland. Puce: bound and East. 8. 43 a
S.OOPHayward. Nil-* aad San Jose (Snn-
dayonly) t11.48A
COAST LINE Oarraw tanjej.
\u25a0_ (Foot of Market Street.)
7.45 a tun tn Cruz Excursion (Sunday
only) 9-ISp
B.lsANewark, Centervllle. Ssa Jose,
Felton, Bou?4«r CreeSc. Ssata -
Cm* tad Wsy Stations B-55P
I tS.IS A Newark, San Jose. Felcoa, Boulder
" Creek. Saau Cruz t7-E3P
t2.lSpNews.rk. CenterrUle. San Jose,
New Almadcn. Los Gatos. Feitoa.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz sad
Principal Way stations 10-SoA
4.1 5 P Newark. Saa Jose, Los Gatos,
Wrijrht t8.55*
4.1 5 P Saturday sad Sunday for Feitoa,
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz 63 55a
COAST LINE (nro.t.i uxuto;.
t3T"(Thlrd and Tuwasead streets.> p
S.lOASaa JuscsqU W»y Maiioas... ...... 83"ip
t7J3OA Ssb Jose and Way Stations ..... 5-40P
7.15 a Monterey. Santa Cruz Excursloa
(Sunday only) 10.10»
BXOANew Almadca (Tues., Fr«.. only).. 4-10»»
8-OOa The Coaster— San Jone. Salinas,
Saa Arilo. Paso Robles. Santa
Margarita, baa Luis Obl<po.
Guadalupe. Gavlota. Sant.i Bar-
bara, San Buenaventura, Oxaard,
Bnrbank. Los An?elci 1030P
B.ooa Gtlroy. Uolllster. Castrovllle. Del
Monte. Pacific Grove, Surf, '
Lompoc. laSQp
8-COASan Jo«e. Tres Piaos. Watsonrille,
Capitol a. Sant.i Cruz. Pacific
Grove. Salinas. San Lais ObUpo
sod Principal Way Stations 4.103
t9ooaLos Gatos, WrJzht. Boulder Creek.
Tia Saats> Clara and Narrow
Gauge t7-40p
I 0-30 a San Jose and Way 5 tat10na..... .... 1 .20p
I 1 .30a San Jose and Way Station* 7.4CP
2.lspS*n Jose and Way Suiioas 8.38 a
tJ-OOPDeI Monto Express— Santa. Clara,
San Jose, W,it»onviiie, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey
Paclne Gr^Te t12.15i»
t3-03pLo«Gato», Wrfcht, Bonlder Creet,
Saata Cruz, via Santa Clara sad
Narrow Gauge 1345 a
330p South San Francisco. Saa Jose.
Gllroy. Holllster. Tres Pino*.
.WatsonTille, C»pltola.Ssnta Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey. Paclflc OroTe. 10.43 a
4-33pSan Jose aud Way Station t7-55A
t5 COPSanM Clara, San Jose, Los Gatos,
Wright +9."^
. ISJOpSanJoseaadPrlncfpalWsy Stations {3.40 a
6.4spSuaset Express— Redwood, Saa
Jo»». Gllror, Salinas, Psao
- Itoblei. Sxn Luis Obispo. Santa
Barbara, Los- Angeles, Iteming,
'El Paso, New Orleans 9-10*
5.45 p El Paso, Kaasas City, St. Lonls,
» Chtcago 10.30P
s.4sp Pajaro. Wstsonville. Capitols.
San:a,Cruz. Cnr.tr ovllle. Del > {I".lCp
Monte. Pacific Grove ( t10.30P
t6-15PSaa Mateo, Bere«ford, Beimont. . -
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo A1t0.... t6.48A
6.3opSaa Jose aad Way Stations 8-38 a
8-OOPPaIo Altqurd Way Stations 10.15 a
1 1 -33P South Saa Franelsco. Millbrae. Bar-
Uagame, San Mateo, Beimont,
Saa Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Meato Park and Pa'.o Alto 9.45P
11.30P Saturdays only for Mayfleld. Moan.
, tain View, Sunnrralr. Lawrence, .
_^ Ssnta Clara and gat Joiw .... t9.43P
OAKLAND HARBOR : ERRY
f toot of MametSM
t 7.15 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. 5.15 P.m.
A for Morning- P tor Afternoon.
tSuaday exeepted. JSusclsy only.
•Monday only.
IDaily. aad stops at all stations on Scnday.
' "'* '
1 IVlt.Tamalpais Railway
It. Saa fraatas* f Ar. Su fitacisco
Ti. Oij« S^ai^7»_'jp^^^^^|' Saaiiji~~?i. j>j»
_ ~:4slfefcS?J@ra 11:3-; a U>.4sa ;
O:3Oa B:4s*lo^^^ UO'lr «:53p
1:45? lOISaI^^^W «:32r 6:i«p
Siiriij fi':43r M \u25a0 S:OZr 'sTtiirSiT*
OnlT 3:lspfl»S»t "Habdap C:3ir taij
4:35r 3:45W tttfaMbnn=l j B:3t»y lt;33f;
. n HT 1 650 Market ST..(Xorth Shore Railroad)
I'nCß ) and Sausaltto Fexxy. Foot Market Sfc
WEEKLY CALL, $1 PER YEAR
1112
JOHN* I). SPKECKLXS Proprietor
Addrots Ccrr.avjtilcatlons to
JOHX McXAUGiIT.' 31ana^cr
W. J. 31AKT1X Kusiness Manager
telephone;
A*k for THE CALL. TUe Operator Will Con-
•lUfCt You With tie Department Ycu Wish.
PubllcaCon Office Market and Tbird. S. F.
EdltoriaJ Rooms 217 10 221 Bteyeoeoa »t.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. P" Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Hir.sle Copies 5 l -t«- ;
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash rt .th j
Order) : , c r - |
DAILY CALL (icclud. Sunday). 1 je»r...JB.CO
DAILY CALL «ir.c!ud .Sunday). G rnos— 4AV
DAILT CALL— I3y Single Month 'J* i
6VXDAY CALL. 1 Year tan !
WEEKLY CA LL, 1 Year ••\u25a0 • • : ±~~
FOREIGN f Daily... sß.SO Per Tear F^tra t
PnETA,~Tr 1 'Sunday 4.15 Per Year Hvtia ,
• PO «TAGE. ll W ertSjJ 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHOKUtU
• ; TO RECEIVE gUBSCKIPTIONS.
Cample Ccpi*a will be forwarded when re- j
Quested. , . I
Mall subscribers m ordering change or m- ,
tfr*>se should be particular to give both r»fc.»>
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to l" BUre a
prompt tnd correct compliance with their —»-
Guest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
JCIB Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
U3S Park Btwwt, Near fianta Clara Avenue.
Phone Alameda 553.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
*148 Center fctrcti Te.ephcne North •»
Washington correspondent:
JAMES S. TYLER Post Building
NEW YORK XEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. lirentano, »1
Union fcquare; iiurray Hi.l Hotel: Kl;tn--\*nuo \u25a0,
Hotel ar.d UcCman House.
CHICAGO XEWS STANDS:
Eherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Trcmont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Pa.n-.er House^
CHICAGO P.EPRESENTATIVE:
C GEOKUE KUOGXESS. Marquette Building
'(Lent lJitna.nct: Telephone. ••Central 261j.">
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPKEX B. SMITH 80 Tr:bune Building j
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAKLTON Ueia'.d Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco CalL
corner Market and Third streets: open \mtU
12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES: -.
JCOS Merket street, opposite Fifth: open until
11 p. m.
ECU Montgomery aye. : open until 9 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
tJ'.« McAllister street; open until 0:30 p. m.
£15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
3MI Alii-sion etr»et: open until 10 p. m.
!<.*> Eleventh ctreet; tpen until 9 p. m.
3C9C Valencia 6treet; open until 9 p. in.
Ncrtheatt corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 'J v. in.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVIA'G TOYVHT
FOR THE SU3UIER.
_* " "
' CALL Hubucrlberß contemplating a
rliangre of residence during the «n_ m«
t_Oi-th» can bare their paper for— rardeil
l»y mail to tbelr m«-w address by notify-
ing THE CALL, ttc-lnes* Office. Thin
paper « ill J»o be on Hale at all summer
resorts and la tepreaented by a local
mrent la all to— ns on the coast.
MEETING NOTICES.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COM-
PANY — A epecial meeting of the stockholders
of the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
will be held at the office of the company, In
room 1216, In the Merchants' Exchange
building, in the city and county of San
IFranciico, In the State of California, the
tame being the principal place of business
of taid corporation, ana being the building
where the board of directors of said corpora-
tion usually meet, on the 2Sth day of August,
1905, at the hour of 12 o'clock noon, to con-
eider and act upon the propositions:
First, to Increase the capital stock of said
corporation to cne hundred and sixty million
dollars t$l«50, 000.000), and for that purpose to
sroencj article VI of the articles of Incorpora-
tion and consolidation of the company to
read as follows:
"The amount of the capital stock of c&ld
corporation snail be one hundred and sixty
million dollars ($100,000,000), divided Into
• cne million 6ix hundred thousand (1.600,003)
efcares of the par value or one hundred dol-
lars ($100) each, which eald amount of capi-
tal stock does not exceed the amount actually
required for the purposes of the said corpora-
tion, and la the amount actually required
and ascertained to be necessary for construct-
ing, completing, equipping, operating and
maintaining its road, and Is so estimated by
competent engineers, as will appear by tlie
written estimate of such engineers, duly
signed by them, and Bled In the office and
principal place of business aforesaid of said
corporation."
And to emend paragraph third of article
XII of the eaid articles to read as follows:
"The number of directors of eald con-
\u25a0 eolidated corporation shall be eleven (11)
and the amount of the capital stock of eald
'corporation ehall be one hundred and sixty
million dollars ($160,000,000). which eaid
amount of capital stock is the amount ac-
tually required for the purposes of said cor-
poration, and Is the amount actually re-
quired and ascertained to be necessary for
constructing, completing, equipping, operat-
ing and maintaining its road and is co
estimated by competent engineers as will
eppear by t_# aforesaid written estimate of
eaid engineers duly signed by them and on
file as aforesaid. Said capital stock of said
corporation shaJl be divided into one million
•ix hundred thousand (1.600.000) share"
«I the par vaiue of one hundred dollar*
($100) each, of which eald shares of stu
capital stock the following have been sub-
scribed by and allotted to the stockholders
of raid constituent corporations, as herein
_fter set forth, to wit:" nerem
"To the Southern PaciSc Railroad Com-
pany. Incorporated, organized and existing
under the laws of the State of California
and to. Its shareholders, <»c million and
fourteen thousand two hundred and forty4ne
shares I"*'1 "*' one - faun(Jr * lith « t1.014.2ii 00-uSJ
"To the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany. incorporated, organized and e_ii3__
under the laws of the Territory of Arlzom.
and to its stockholders, one hundred
S^ofS^^f nlae *»«"«--- fi"y
•nd existing under the laws of the Te?H
of New Mexico and to its 6tocfc£iV OIT
sixty-eight thousand eight hundSi It
\u2666lghty-eight (C 5.868) sfcarls •• nundre <l -a*
"'lne several stockholders of each nt ..i.t
conttituect corporations shall h_V^««.»^ d
them by the said consolidated ™£ d ., t0
paid up shares of the capital stoK?"? 1
consolidated corporation out of ?£ °i the
thereof tubscrlbed by end allotr * 8ha re»
stockholder, of the* WctU^ 0 ,!? tue _«
ccrporaf.cns t« the like omourt S«u
«ol!ar. at their par value with the c.r^ 1 Or
t.f the shares held by eu-.-h stork-£*H Valu *
their respective constituent coro£_tin?" l '» ln
Tfcerearter asd secondly, to c?ea^ On^ \.
*d indebtedness of said corpoiuon t£°?£'
amount in the aggregate of one h u^- 2
sixty million dollars ($160,000 000? £ an ,i
coin of the United States (a portion' J° JF old
U to be used in retiring existing %<?',. * h eh "
debtedness). and to increase thf hZ?2*l J n "
debt*fin«s of said corporation Sn ,1? la "
amount In the aggregate of one hu£^-S thB
elsty million dollars ($lOO,OOO 000 , f and
coin of the United States, and 'to «c '?
c&ld proposed bonded tndebted n »«« 1? th *
_.ss*ra*e upon the railroads. franch?.» y a
property cf the company now owned «tv acd
after acquired, and the Income t h. r ? ere-
euch part thereof as may be nt^f-li or
the mortgage; and to determine the <^ d '2
terms of said bonds and morteal. -4* nd
e.uthortre the Board of Directors to' tak£ .11
•uch action as they may deem cecesw™ U
expedient In the premises. "cessary or
Dated the SSth day of June 190s
By crder of the Board of Directors"
J. L. WlLLcbrr •
Secretary cf the Southern Paeiflc I_.ji\v_..
Company. »«&nroad
IS. T. BIIITH,
E. E. CALVI.v
WILLIAM HOOD
I. W. HELLMAN Jr
JAMES K. WILPOV
J. M. HAN'FOHD
PETER F. DUNNE
J. L. WILLCUTT ''
», FRANK B. KING.
CHAS. P. LINCOLN
C. L. KING * •
Dlrtrtor* cf said Southern Pacific TtxiimmA
Company. ™*°
ANNUAL MEETING— The Hiedon Iron and
Locomotive Works — The annual mot:ing o .'
the stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Lo-
ccmotlve Works for the election of trustees
lor the ensuing year and the transaction of
tucb ctbor business as may be brought before
the meetlns will be held at the office of the
company. 29S Steuart «., San Francisco, on
MONDAY, the 7th day of August. 1903. at
11 o-clcck a. _v AUGUSTUS TAYLOR,
Secretary.
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
' PACIFIC Ledge No. 13G. F. and A. M., fi
wW meet VHIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- VV
ING 7:.J!) o'clocfc. Third Desire. /^T*
GEOHGK I'EXLIXGTON*. Sec.
SAN FKAXCISCO Lodge No. S, I. 3£*as«_
O. O. F.— lnstallation of orflcera^j^Sev;?-.
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING.
.Tu'.y 2S. Members nre requested rJWPRW"
1 to rttend. Good time assured. Visitors wel-
come. G. IVANCOVICH. N. G.
M. L. BRILLIANT. Roc Seo.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. K. of P.. -jG£J
meets THIS (KiiIDAY) EVENING < £&«gz/ .
at i> o'clock, I'ioneer building. 2-i *«£s£
Fcurth tt. P-jfc-i.- Rank. Visitors __£s><^
cordially invltci.
JOIIX M. LORTOX. C. C.
R. X. McLENXAN. K. of R. and S.
i EUREKA Lodge No. 9. K. of P.. 220 .^5.
Cr>!<3e>n Gate aye., meets THIS H^K</
« FRIDAY) EVENING. Grand TsgW.
Chancellor Hon. D. C. Clark will .££>»<
pay an official visit. Knight Rank (lontc
form). M<*mbers anil visitors fraternally in-
vited. PHIL G. CULLOM C. C.
GEO. H. BRODERSOX. K. of R.' and 3.
KNIGHTS of Pyth'.as, attention — .*(P?
Golden City Lodge Xo. 63 will con- VJSft^
fer Third Hank (long fern:) on-TC^sfS
FRIDAY EVENING. July ZS. at jfcSSsf
Castle Hail. 220 Golden Gate aye. — a***^^
All Kntchts welcome.'
GEO. M. STEVENS. C. C.
ED. M. COFFEY. K. of R. and S.
SAX FRANCISCO Tent No. >^WWW&.
IS. K. O. T. M.— Review fitt^W&L
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- feJtfM Ct YijVl
ING at 8 o'clock. Pionetr tvjtl 'L\\ \?HI
Hall. 24 Fourth st. W*^__/S?
D. B. RICHARDS. vf??"^^
Record Keeper. Xy£__C"^
THE committee of arrangements of —.
the Riggors" and Stevedores' picnic, Ist
to be held at Schuetzen Park, San £33
Knfael, have completed their pro- j£&X&
gramme. This Is ihrlr fifty-second ViSjffiJl
unr.ua! cutirg and promises to be r *£S?*~
one of the largest gatherings of the ?«^g£O
beason. Their list of games will be
the largest In the history of the organization.
It is conceded by pleasure seekers that their
list of gate prizes is the largest ever pre-
sented tc the eportins public. The associa-
tion headed the gate-prize list with several
cash prizes with the Intention of giving
every patron an equal chance. By order of
THE COMMITTEE.
THE California Debris Commission, naving re-
c-Ived applications to mine by ' hydraulic
process from Uneda Mining Co., In Uneda
jn-Ano, near Beckwith. Plumas County. Cal.,
/draining Into Little Grizzly Creek, which
reaches Feather River; from Richard 3Jay,
in Continental mine, near Johnsvllle Plu-
mas County. Cal.. draining Into Nelson
Creek, which reaches Feather River; and
from H. H. Bates and H. B. Arnold, In
Badger mine, near New Mohawk. Plumas,
County. Cal.. Oraining Into ravine draining"
Into Feather River, gives notice that a
meeting to recei\-e any protests will be held
at room es. Flood building, San Francisco.
Cal.. Aug. 7. 1905. at l:.'! 0 p. m.
MOXTEREY County Water Company— Notice of
annual meeting: The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Monterey County
Water Company will be held at tae office cf
the company. 827 Market St.. San Francisco.
Cal.. on Monday, the 31st day of July. 1903.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a board or directors to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the meeting. The trani>rer books will ibe
closed Friday. July 28. 1905. at 8 p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
AA— DIVORCE; costs. $12; quick, quiet; ad-
vice free; no charge unless successful; open
evenings; wills, deeds, leases, bills of sale
and articles of co-partnership carefully pre-
pared; bankruptcy, collections, and probating
of estates. 027 Market st., room 301.
AA — DIVORCE costs $12.
Quick, quiet; legal advice free.
No cfcaree unless successful.
All law business. Open evenings.
Examiner building, room 316, third floor.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
Gth floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; all courts, general courts and office
practice; no fees In advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
W. MATTHEWS, attorney and counselor at
law, C 32 Market St., room 23; 21 yearrf expe-
rience; all courts; general court and office
practice; consultation free. Tel. Black 2332.
ADVICE free; legal divorce costs $12; all law
cases handled; no fee In advance; open Sat-
urday evenings; other evenings by appoint-
ment; call and save money. 619 Market, r. 83.
ADVICE free; costs $2 to $6; no fee unless suc-
cessful; collections everywhere; any case In
any ,cour£. Law Inv. Co.. 44 Parrott bldg.
L. S. CLARK, 027 Market, room 304. consulta-
tion free; no fee In advance. Open evenings.
AUTOMOBILES.
A bargain — 1005 White touring car. practically
new. CO6 Van Ness aye.. nr. Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale — Two-cylinder light delivery car.
WALTER S. FRANCE. 20 Golden Gate aye.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS to take hold of a useful and attrac-
tive article; a quick seller; good commla-
slon. W. B. CURTIS - CO., 617 Mission st.
asthma ccne.
A. DI NOLA'S asthma remedy cures; for sale
by all druggists; main depot 1602 Market st.
St. Nicholas Hotel; 10c. 25c. 500 package.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for 2 children under 10 years; kind
German family; reasonable. Box 8217, Call.
SS^jCH AN CE S.
A— CAMERON St CO. Phone South 1050
S Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
A — WANTED — Two first-class drug stores for
clients; one to be right downtown, the other
1 one out a little ways, but must be good -busi-
ness section and cheap for cash. CAMERON
& CO. : v -. \u25a0;
A— s3ooo BUYS flrst-clas« coal, wood and Ice
business; also •lectrlo plant for sawing wood;
located In fine bay town; equipped with
horEes and wagons; doing good business,
clearing over $150 per month; established t*n
yeare; owner lias other business and cannot
devote bis time to It. See CAMERON — CO.
A — WANTED — Two or three good business men
with from $500 to $1000 to Invest In flrst-
cla.'s manufacturing buelneas, city; well es-
tablished and doing fine trade, but wishes to
Increase. Its output; will bear strictest Inves-
tigation; good salary goes with Investment.
CAMERON - CO.
DELICATESSEN stands, \u25a0 with and without
bakeries, rrom $300 to $1000. Call on
CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777% Market st.
GROCERY and bar; prices $1200, $1600. $1750.
$2000, $2300 and $3000; some very desirable.
CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777H Market st.
STATIONERY and notlone; good stand; $325.
Restaurants at $175, $350, $700 and $1100.
Of flees, houses, .apartments, flats & transient.
Oyster ar.d chophouse, with 15 rooms.
Popcorn route; good payer; email cost.
Millinery; first-class stand and trade.
Candy, soda-water and Ice cream parlor.
Cigar, stands, all kinds and srlces.
CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777 hi Market st.
A SNAP. ~~~
Being compelled to go East on urgent busi-
ness, will sell my restaurant at a sacrifice;
everything first class and up-to-date; cheap
rent: seats 32; 3-year lease; nice trade; must
leave by August 10. S. B. DOW, 1303 -A
Castro st.
FOR sale cheap — The Bay Vi»— ilvery stable
San Rafael. Cal.. or will sell horses, car-
riages, etc., and give long lease to reliable
party; reason for selling, sickness. Apply to
M. MURRAY. 810 Third St., Ban Rafael. Cal.
CANDY factory. Ice cream business, large
plaeo, cood location, low rent, chance for
improvement, price less than Invoice; owner
has other Urge business. 2873 Sixteenth et.
near Howard. . . - \u25a0 \u25a0• • '
$500— SALOON, stock $300. cash reg. $225 4
r. fur. new, cost $100. fixtures worth $300;
llcenre; owner sick; must sell. 230 Kearny.r.l
MILLINERY store for sale; long established;
iood location; nice clean stock; 3 living
rooms; reasonable. Box 7021, Call.
CARPENTERS— S. Wray-s old established shop
for sale; $250: retiring from business. 1281
Mission st.
! WANTED — A gentleman of good address- to
represent a high-class financial proposition-
reference requested. Box 7025. Call. "
FOR rale — Coffee and spice route; 19 years'
j standing; on account of leaving town . and
retiring from business.* 119 Front et., 11-1.
GROCERY _nd . bar license . for sale. "30
Kearuy st.. room 1.
RESTAURANT for sale; 6 furnished rooms-
rrtce $250; no agents. Box 8031. Call."
SALOON and cigar store for sale; expenses
reasonable. ICS Fourth st. .
BARGAIN — Grocery, saloon; make offer; owner
must leav e city; nd agents. Box 7029. Call.
GOOD oyster house, opposite new P. \ O.; 3-i
year lease; no agents. 50. Seventh st.
THE SAN - FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 28, 1905.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A— sCso; FRUIT and vegetable store, with
route; wagon. 2 horses; very best location in
the Mission; a good-paying business; sickness
compels owner to go In the country. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— s22oll; CORNER saloon with 6 furnished
roams; rent $100; lease; one of the best cor-
ners north of Market st. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2C% Kearny st. - ,
A— slSoo; CORNER grocery and bar, with 0
years' lease; on Halght st.: rent $55; 4 Ut-
ing rooms; full value In sight; trouble in
family cause of sale. See R. G. WILK—V
26% Kearny st. *\ '
A— s2ooo; CORNER saloon, on Third st., with
7 roomB : re"nt $85; one of the best located
places on the moet prominent business part
of Thlnl st.: full value In sight. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2C% Kearny st. ' ' '
A— s2ooo; COKNER grocery and bar; on San-
chez st., with 6 living rooms; 4 years' lease;
rer.t $23; daily sales about $25; place^kep* by
owner 8 years; a rare chance. Call (K. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny Bt.
A—ssooo;A — $5000; THE leading saloon in Monterey,
with 5 years' lease; rent $60; stock will In-
voice about $2000; this is a bonanza; full
value In sight; owner is compelled by other
Investments to sell at once. Particulars R.
G/ WILKE, 28% Kearny st.
A— sl6oo- GROCERY and bar;- best location
Ocean view; rent (2o; full value in sight; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— sl3oo; PAPBR route: morning paper. Call
R. Q. WILKE. 20% Kaarny st.
A— $1100; DELICATKSSEN store, with dairy
produce: living rooms; very best location on
Third St., near Call building. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kparny st.
X— ssoo; CAFE and restaurant, with elegant
furnished rooms; a small Delmonlco; 'private
Ulnlng-room; location the very best; West-
ern Addition; running on Delmonlco style.
See R. G. WILKE. 26& Kearny Bt.
A— slsW); CORNISH saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; place established years: choicest cor-
ner on Clay st. For particulars call R. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny St.- -
A—s7so;A — $750; BAKERY in the Mission; rent $25; 4
rooms; must be sold at once; owner bought'
hotel in Hay wards. Call R. G. WILKE, 20%
Kearny st.
A—slf>CO;A — $lf>CO; COKNER saloon, opposite . large
brewery and surrounded by factories; troubl«
in family only cause of sale; lease; a good
and well established corner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny sL
A— s4so; CIGAR 6tore with 8 fine living
rooms; kept by owner 10 years; rent $32;
most prominent location on Larkln st. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny at.
A—sssoo;A — $5500; MOST prominent corner saloon; one
block from Phelan bidg.; lease; many for-
tunes trade in this corner: a very rare
chance. Call It. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A— sCso; CIGAR, tobacco stand, corner, with
laundry office; own«r kept place 4 years;
business clears above $110 per month; loca-
tion the best: close to Examiner office. Call
n. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—sl7so;A — $1750; SAUSAGE factory and pork store,
horse, wagon; business established many
years; has a large patronage In wholesale
trade, also doing rushing store trade; owner
to retire only cause, of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— sl3oo; CORNER saloon north of Market st.,
close to Kearny; rent $S0; lease; owner
wishes to quit city life and go in the coun-
try; investigate; this is a rare chance. Call
R. G. WILKE, 28% Kearny St.
A—sl3so;A — $1350; CORNER saloon on Folsom St., with
2 living rooms; rent $35; place located close
to Sixth st.; barKain. Call R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st.
A—s2Soo;A — $2S00; THE most prominent corner saloon
on Sixth at., with lease, and cigar stand In
front; quarrels among partners only cause of
sale; not all cash necessary. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2G% Kearny st.
A— s3ooo; ELEGANTLY fitted up saloon with
8 furnished rooms; the most prominent loca-
-tfon north of Market street; rent $125; a
very rare chance; place a money-maker. R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s3ooo;A — $3000; CORNER saloon with Cat of 0
rooms; lease; no better location In this city;
owner kept place 10 years; a very rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— s2ooo; ROADHOUSE with bowling alley,
dance pavilion, etc.; rent $30; the place is
located on the most prominent county road
to San Mateo. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st \u25a0
A— s6so; CIGAR and tobacco stand. In a most
prominent location; also laundry office; place
kept by owner for years; never clears less
than $100 per month to your . bank account."
See R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A—s2ooo:A — $2000: CORNER saloon, with lease and llv-
lng-room; about 3 barrels choicest whisky on
hand; location the very beet; close to Market
St.; Investigate; this is a rare chance. R.
G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A—s9so;A — $950; OYSTER and chop house with 3-year
lease; most prominent location In Western
Addition: this business is a good one. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. .
A—s2ooo;A — $2000; FANCY grocery and delicatessen
store on Sacramento et., Western Addition;
rent $30; 3 yeara' lease; full value In sight.
Call R. G. WILKE, 2fl>s Kearny st.
A— s2ooo; SALOON with mercantile lunch In
wholesale district; N of Market et. ; place
established years; business first-class; owner
to go to the country. See R. G. . WILKE.
2614 Kearny st.
A—s7ooo;A — $7000; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; place clears about $500 per month; 7
years' lease. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A—slSoo;A — $lS00; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; kept by owner 8 years; must be sold at
once; owner to retire from business j_a first-
class paying place. Call on R. G. WILKE.
2W Kearny st. ,» \u25a0 \u25a0
XO lease — A brick plant; 40,000 capacity dally;
engine, boiler, crusher and every facility for
making flret-claes brick; unlimited quantities
of clay. Apply DR. O. C. CDONNELL,
1021 % Market St.; tel. South 622.
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call Business Office for particulars.
FOR sale cheap; a email, equipped and up-to-
date planing mill. Box 8144, Call office. ,
HAY grain, wood and coal yard; account of
sickness; must soil. W. Wright, 435 Natoma.
OLD-ESTABLISHED boarding-house for sale;
42 rooms; sumy corner. 1122 Larkln st.
FOR Bale— Delicatessen and restaurant; food
place for man and wife. Box 8200, Call. .
FOR sale — Fine fruit store. 809 Fourth at.
GOOD Call route for sale. Apply at Call
office. /
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions haa been
opened at \u25a0 1008 . Market St., opposite-F ifth.
Open until 11 p. m. '
CARPET-BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor, without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. 8. F. Com-
. pressed Air Cleaning Company. 308 Market
et. : phone Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 853-357 Teharaa st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning Be. FRED HAGE-
DORN _ CO.; phone Mission 225.
CARPETS clean., fit., lay. 630 G.G.ave. ;pbono
East IMS. Star Ren. Co.; W.- Wagner, Mgr.
CARPETS cleaned and laid. 8c a yard. KLEIN-
ERT. 1520 Polk st.; phone East 725. ' \u25a0
CONKLIN'S Superior ' Carpet : Beating Works,
Golden Gate aye. & Larkln; phone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st ;
tel Main 394. OEO..WALCOM & CO., Props.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard.: Tel. Mission. 74.
RUDOLPH _ CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16. pages, sent to any. address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
LACE CURTAINS : AND BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S New York Curtain House; : most
complete plant i for cleaning lace 1 ; curtains and
blankets. 1324 Flllmore: phtme Pine 2622. \u25a0
RUPTURE.
DR. PIERCES Magnetic : Elastic Trusß: per-
fect retainer; positive cure; book free. Re-
moved \u25a0 to , 2<>tt ; Kearny - st.; > room 307. V
I DO not cure rupture ' but can hold them In
place. WKDEKIND. 440 Geary st. ,
COLLECTION f; OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections -made:
city or country. • . Pacific ; Collection Co., 415
Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10. Tel.'; Main 5550.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL 1 ' Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Eve, class: patterns; cut^ 1190 Market . st.q
EASTERN ; dressmaker: r first * ? class; tailored
suits \u25a0 a specialty. 212 . Second • st. .
Accordion, sunburst and ' knife pleating.: Ste-
w. • art's button tt buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.'
Koomlng-HoniiH and Hotels for Sale.
n ; MARION GKIFFIN. .
1 970 — , Market . — St. — room — 801. Elghtl
floor — James 22 Flood — Building — opposltt
- "The Emporium." — Phone — Main — 3343.
i Modern — Business — Methods. — ROOMING
- and — APARTMENT — Houses. — Abstract*
• furnished.' — All — titles — guaranteed.
Our,— Ellis — St.' — Entrance — Is
1 \u25a0 — Opposite —
» — TEUB — GOLDEN — WEST — HOTEL -
' — TAKE — THE — ELEVATOR.-.— \u25a0,
\u25a0 . j ; ______ \
1 Dear Sir or M^.m —
I — READ THESE ADS. —
t ' — BETWEEN THE LINES — ,
— Or . >cet some friend who U —
— A CaDtaln of Finance — '.
— to do bo tor you —
— and I promise you on the — .
; — word of a scientific writer of ads —
' — that you will —
DISCOVER HIDDEN TREASURES.
Respectfully, V-
- - MAKION GRIFFIN^— rQ
i . _______-— —
. 11 room* — for — ; $450; ;
i extra ' good furnishings,
— COMt $1200 — I
Landlady has 3 large rooms
; and $25 surplus each
month over the expenses. •
Lady desires to leave the
; city at ouce on Important
business, hence has authorized
' us to sell at a sacrifice.
— TAKE NOTICE. —
' The house is conveniently
arranged; nice location,- near
street car crossing and ] .».y -'•._' .\u25a0\u25a0's
~bn sunny side of the street.
MARION GRIFFIN.
J»7O Market St..
Opposite The Emporium.
1 _____
An 18-room lodging-house for sale
at a great sacrifice; price only
$500; terms (250 down and $10 *
monthly; It la a sunny corner house
In good repair; profit now $64 monthly
"1a the good old summer time." On
account of severe sickness owner will
sacrifice. It Is 4 blocks N. of Market at.
— MARION GRIFFIN —
970 Market st., opposite "Emporium."
Tbla 42- room house on a
sunny corner, N. of Market
street. If' renovated should
average $10' per room or $400
per month, the rent being
only $140, there should be
about $200 profit monthly
If properly managed.
Price $2SOO. Make us
an offer of $1400 before
July 28. i
MARION GRIFFIN,
870 Market st.
$300 / ONLY — ;—; — $300
Will NOW. buy a ia-rpom >
, \u25a0\u25a0. - •'\u25a0•-.-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. ' \u25a0*<.•\u25a0'\u25a0' "\u25a0'-• *t \u25a0
house full of GENTLEMEN ROOMERS. v
Same owner for 10 - yean last pact.
Income $47 over rent each month.
$30' _ KENT — — $30
— This — house .• — la — not —
Elegantly furnished, but it Is an .v. v
HONEST, RESPECTABLE house and
QUITE — CENTRALLY — LOCATED.
See MARION GRIFFIN -Th« Agent,
970 Market at., opposite "Emporium."
80 rooms - $4000.
On a aunny corner. '
WELL FURNISHED In 1904.
LONG LEASE at a rental
— less than • $5 per room
Price $7800; reduced to 94000.
f 1600 down and
WE BACK YOU FOR $2800. '
payable aa made In th* business.
With sober management should
clear $280 monthly year round.
MARION . GRIFFIN,
870 Market st.
DO rooms. "-;:. -' : V- :\u25a0 . "\u25a0*© room*.
GUARANTEED profit $198 monthly;
n-t-w building, most elegantly furnlahsd;
until 1910 at $200 monthly;
electrto elevator- ——electrlo elevator:
•lectrlo elevator — — — — — electrto elevator;
— MODERN — , .
everything strictly A No. 1 and
a — first-class business.
If you want a first-class new \u25a0
proposition at a surprisingly low
price com* in and talk It over with ns.
You'll be surprised at price and ten na.
MARION GRIFFIN.
870 ' Market at, oppoalta "Emporium."
$200 down
and $4CO In $10 — installment*
— takes a —
80-room highly respectable house;
— QUITE CENTRA!,; —
/ $72 lncomo monthlyj over , tb« rant.
MARION ' GRIFFIN,
870 Market at., opposite "Emporium. ",
$200 p-r-o-f-i-t m-o-n-t-b-l-jr
g-u-a-r-a-n-t-e-e-d.
60 rooms. : . 60 rooms;
• —WELL- FURNISHED; —
— QUITE CENTRA!.; —
— ELECTRIC ELEVATOR —
EVERYTHING, UP TO DATE;
High class of permanent roomers.
— Price was $6000. --
We are authorized • to cut it •In two.
— $3000 takes It.— - -'.• ; ;,.;>.'
— Terms — If —.YOU — say — aoj —
' This house la - favorably - known everywhere
..;.;; From ' Sisklyou :to ;San; Diego ; .
. '"';,\u25a0 :"' . -.;.'' and t-V: *• \u25a0 \u25a0 '-\u25a0;.: V -:> .
From : the mountains* to \u25a0 the sea. \u25a0'. -
. High class ; country^ patronage. , - . .
MARION GRIFFIN. :
070 Market *st., •": V » "
\u25a0 Opposite The Emporium. : -
Ellls-st. entrance opposite Golden West Hotel.
Roomfngr-Houses) and Hotels— Continued
FAILING EYESIGHT
causes sacrifice of a splendid
MILLINERY STORE:
$30 dally sales;
Stock invoices for $1500.
_, Will sell for much less.
would take small rooming-house In part trade.
MARION GRIFFIN.
070 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050
•' 3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
AH Kinds of Business Chances.
IOS rooms; new. modern building; most ele-
gantly furnished ; everything of the best; of-
nce and cafe on ground floor; there Is nothing
better in San Francisco either a3 money-
maker or quality of furnishings; can be had
very -reasonable on account of sickness; will
take ranch or house and lot in exchange.
14 rooms, fine block on Ellis St.; rent $73;
good furniture and carpets; bargain; $600. -
80 rooms, new and modern: flne - location:
well furnished and paying well, but owner Is
obliged to leave city and to make quick sale
reduced to half cost to furnish, or $1500.
• 65 rooms; new. modern, downtown house;
cheap rent, long lease: well furnished; flrst-
clacs condition? choice location and clears over
$250 per month; to be sold at big bargain.
87 rooms, fine corner downtown; cheap rent;
first-class furniture and carpets; one of the
best little transient houses In city and can be
got a big bargain; $2250.
85 rooms; grand corner; cheap rent: rery
centrally located; good oak furniture; fine car-
pets, part offices, big money-maker; part
down, balance time; price $1800.
10-room corner house; fine location; oak fur-
niture, good carpets,' everything first-class con-
dition; all full and clearing $75 per month; an
excellent buy at $1250.
63 rooms; fine n-ew brick building; choice
central location; newly furnished' ln best oak
furniture. Axmlnster and velvet carpets, elec-
tric elevator, lights and all modern conveni-
ences, beautiful light and airy halls; In fact,
a splendid proposition; can be bought for. less
than half cost to furnish; part cash, balance
long time at low Interest: price $3000.
18 rooms;' finely located; good furniture and
carpets: la paying well; will exchange for 10
or 12 room house In good condition.
6-room and alcove beautiful modern flat near
Sutter St.; all light and sunny; elegantly fur-
nished, with fine upright piano; bargain; $600.
23 rooms; downtown; rent $100; good furnl-
turo and carpets, and If run light can make
a mint of money out of It and will only take
(200 to get In; balance can be paid out of
house; price $1000. ,
82' rooms; elegant location for high class
boarding-house; beautifully furnished; will
either sell the furniture and equipments or
lease same to responsible party. Fine oppor-
tunity for some one.
A. CAMERON - CO.. 8 EDDY ST.
FAWCETT & JOHNSON, 811 James Flood bid.,
970 Market St.. opp. the Emporium.
We have a large list of rooming and apart-
ment houses, from $460 to $6000.
FISHER & CO Phone Main 3354
Room 438 James Flood buoldlng.
Furnished rooming-houses, hotels and flats.
A BACRD7ICE — 22 rooms, elegant furniture,
all full; well paying house; owner is sick; no
reasonable- offer refused: no agents. 18 Ellis.'
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESSOR NIBLO,
411 A ELLIS ST. NEAR JONES.
ASTRO DEAD TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
MY $5 CELEBRATED LIFE READINGS $1.
The moment you enter his parlor he will tell
you YOUR FULL NAME. AGE. OCCUPA-
TION. YOUR MOTHER'S MAIDEN NAMB
AND WHOM AND WHEN YOU WILL MAR-
RY, and what you called for, without asking a
question; will tell name of your sweetheart or
anything you want to know. He sends you
away wiser and happier than when you called.
How can I have good luck?
How can I succeed in business?
How can I make my home happy?
How can, I marry the one I choose?
How can I marry well?
How soon can I marry?
How can I conquer my rival?.
How can I make any one love me?
How can I get a letter? *" " "' \u25a0
How can I get a good position?
HOURS 10 TO 8 DAILY AND SUNDAY.
411 A ELLIS ST;, NEAR JONES.
Permanently located in his own home.
A— j ' ™~~~-""~ —
• PROFESSOR ALEXANDER DELMAR.
The Greatest Living
Clairvoyant, Palmist and Psychic Healer.
The Only Yogi Mediator
Of Secret Influence In America.
Without asking a single question- he calls
you by name, tells your mother's maiden
name, tells you the names of friends, enemies
or rivals, tells you what you came for, tells
whom and when you . marry; in fact,
e-v-e-r-y-t-h-1-n-g.
No matter what your troubles, sickness or
desire may be. Professor Delmar will - help
you; kind, honorable and confidential treat-
ment to all. Full life, $1. No pay In ad-
vance and unless you are entirely satisfied
you do not pay a penny. Dally from 10 a. m.
to -5 p. m. ; Saturdays to 8 p. m.; Sundays,
1 to 4 p. m. 412 Post street. ,
PRINCESS EUGENIA.
The Veiled Prophetess.
DEAD TRANCE MEDIUM.
Born with a Double
Educated In Occult In Egypt and India.
$5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS $L
Permanently located In her own home.
Private — No sign — Ring bell.
404 EDDY ST. 404 EDDY ST.
PRINCESS EUGENIA.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis st.
Clairvoyant, crystal seer; can be consulted
on all affairs of life; Miss Wllle guarantees
an honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; re-
veals the past; gives correct forecast of your
future; advises you on Important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
Elves the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading. $1; hours
10-8 p. m.; French. German. English spoken.
ISM AR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to S p. m.. Sundays 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. t> to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. JOSEPH, palmist and life reader, of
Chicago; business, speculations, love; full
readings; ladles 25c; gents 60c. 1221 Market.
MISS ZEMDAR, young/ gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals hidden secrets, leve, business, etc. ;
names; L. 60c. O. $1. 833 Golden Gate aye.
MME. KRONENBERG, clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist; when others fail try me; good
reading 25c; no sign. 102% 6th. nr. Mission.
MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all affairs 'of life; satlsfac-
t'on guar. ; 25c up. 17 3d. next Examiner bid.
MME. RAVENNA, the marvelous clairvoyant
gives names, advice In all affairs. 5 4th st!
MISS WARD, J clairvoyant. \u25a0 card reader; gives
names, dates and facts. 1223 Market, : rm. : 2.
MADAM MAY. palmist and card reader; hours
1 to 6. 3832 Eighteenth St.. near Sanchez.
I MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant. 1 card reader, has
removed from 108 Sixth st. to 954 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM.
JOHN SLATER— CircIe tc-nlght, 8:15; tests to
all. . 616% Lombard st... between Powell and
Mason; sittings 10 to 4. Phone James' 7396.
A — MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
. life reader. 1206 Market, r. 10. Gait House.
EARLE'S seance Sun.. Wed._^ 219 Eddy st.;
- readings. Hotel' Hlgglns.' O'Farrell st.
;/. PALMISTRY. */;/\u25a0 •
A— RETURNED. H. Jerome Fossellt, scientific
palmist. 612 Maeon. nr. Sutter; tel Black 5608
DENTISTS. ~~
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL COMPANY.
' Perfect \u25a0 painless dentistry at lowest prices.
Full set of teeth. $2; silver fillings. 25c; gold
fillings, $1; gold crowns, $3; bridge work, $3.
1104 Market St., corner Turk. "\ ..
A NEW plate— -The .Whalebone — Cannot break-
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns," $3 50; fillings 50c;
. plates, i $5, . full : set; all v work \u25a0» painless and
- warranted. Chicago Dental Parlore. 24 Sixth. ,
DR. LUDLUM • HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th—
No . charsre , for . extracting when . plates . are
. made; old. plates made over like new; teeth
from SS per set, extracting 60c; gas given. :-.-'
FILLINGS, 25c and 50c; crowns. .$2. -NEW.
YORK DENTISTS. 9C9 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
I GOLD fillings.' 75c; ' sliver, '• 35c; crowns,'; $2," no.
I . pain; op. Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewltt. 101U Grant ay.
y- . EDUCATIONAL.
WESTERN BUSINESS 5 COLLEGE.- 12S1 Mar-
ket Ft. — Terms $8 per mon\h; $40 6 months;
thorough course; In order -to demonstrate our
superior; method i of teaching' will give: on« ;
-month's tuition* free; success assured. . -;\u25a0:.-'
A— THE '\u25a0\u25a0 LYCEUM, an '- accredited ; preparatory
" school" for a university ,7 law, 1 medical \u25a0 colleges;
:-\ refs., ; Pres.v Jordan \u25a0or ; any \u25a0 Stanford ; prof. ;
"summer session begins June 5."; Phelan bldg.^
EDUCATIONAL— -Continued.
ALL who desire good positions should attend
this college; we have had 250 good* places
since March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
iege. 73S Mission st.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.; Cal. B. C. stu-
dents with us; stenosrraphers .trained: pcsl-
tlons secured. 025 Golden Gate. Webster & Co.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE has removed to larger quarters at 0:53
Market st.; best location in city; catalogue.
KEALT/3 School of Mines and Engineering. 24
Post st., S.. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 2i Post St.
Established 1SGI; largest In the West; an-
nual enrollment 1C00; send for circular.
ENGINEERING — Civil, eiec. mm.. mech.. <>ur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.: est. 1564. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing; all branches. 1412 Polk st.. nr. Cal.
ZITHER lessons given by Max Maier, teacher
of zither. 304 A Turk St.. near Leavenworth.
IRVING Institute School for Girls, 2120 Cal.
St.; fall term begins Monday. August 7. 1905.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
OEORGE^iT. SA^CAUYE-^sliMessor'"to~~George
Aokl, oldest and largest Japanese and Chinese
employment office. 421 Post St.; phone Bush
135; promptly furnishes all kinds of help.
UP-TO-DATB Japanese-Chinese emp. office fur-
nishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. SAIKI. 405 Poat St.; tel. James 501.
STAR Employment Office— Reliable Japanese
and Chinese help furnished with care. W.
KADOTA. 4C9 Powell st,; tel. Main 1751.
A — ORPHEUAI Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlneee help. 426 Powell Bt.; tel. Main 6752.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 859.
Finest Japanese help; house cleaning specialty;
Geo. R. Kunlabe. 343 Mason; tel. Janws 5251.
AN old estab. (1S50) Chinese emp. office; C.
CHONG'S. removed to 518 Pine; tel.Grant 156.
H. W. HONG. 1113 Clay St.; Chinese employ-
ment office; best help. Tel. East 426. .
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY - CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE, Chinese help of all kinds furn-
lshed; house cleaning. 703 Taylor; James 7636
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main 5138.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
SECOND girl (with best Eastern references)
wish is situation. Phone Main 3423.
CAPABLE housekeeper wishes position; hotel,
home. Institution. Phone Main 3425.
THOROUGHLY competent nurseglrl wishes
care of children. Phcne Main 3-423.
PRACTICAL nurse wishes care of invalid or
elderly lady. Phone Main 3423. r- \u25a0
DRESSMAKER with best city references
wishes family work. Phone Main 8423.
FIRST-CLASS cook, best city' references,
wishes situation. Phone Main 3423.
REFINED, Intelligent, young woman wishes
position as companion. Phone Main 3423.
RELIABLE, competent, middle-aged German
woman would like position In family to do
good plain cooking, general housework; $20
month: sober and good, clean worker. In-
quire 606 Fourth et., 8 to 3 p. m.; no postals.
NEAT housekeeper, elderly woman wishes sit-
uation; good cook; likes children; a home,
small wages; references. \u25a0 Box 7317. Call.
WANTED — Position by middle-aged Hun-
garian woman as housekeeper In the city or
country. Address 819 A Vallejo st. *\u25a0-
WOULD like general housework and cooking;
small family; no children; Oakland; wages
$22 or $25. 358 Minna st. -\u25a0;.\u25a0-.'-
A COMPETENT colored woman wishes gen-
eral housework In first-class private family.
Address 1221 Adeline St.. Oakland. -r-.i
A LADY wishes a few more engagements by
the day washing and Ironing. 333 Shotwell.
WANTED — A position as stenographer. Box
7804. Call office.
WANTED — A position as bookkeeper. Box
7803. Call office. i. •--:'
WOMAN- wants work by j the day. 1227 Foor-
teenth St.. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS German cook; references. Call
1410 Larkln st. -
TRUSTWORTHY, competent woman desires
position aa housekeeper or take charge of
rooming-house. - 2416 Bush St.; no objections
to leaving city.
AN Eastern lady of ability, speaking French
and German, would pay commission to re-
liable party procuring her a good position;
references exchanged. Box 8155, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wants posi-
tion as working housekeeper or as cook; $15
to $20 and carfare; city or nearby. Call or
address Housekeeper. 158 Seventh st.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements: con-
finements. Invalids, massage; cheerful; ser-
vices faithfully rendered; references. MRS.
KING. 1159 Turk st. rC
A LADY wishes a position as housekeeper;
good cook; strictly reliable. Address 11
Leavenworth et., near McAllister. Tel. Mint
1445.
A REFINED nurse wishes to care, for elderly
lady or Invalid: best references; hours 9-12
a. m. Phone Fell 5134. .
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a situation
for general housework; city or country; good
' cook. 267 Minna st., near Fourth.
WANTED — By a neat capable young woman,
a position to do light housework; salary $20.
Box £209. Call office.
A LADY, who Is a very fine sewer, would like
room and board In exchange for work; best
of references. Address A. A., box 7534. CalL
COLORED woman wants work by the day;
$1 60 per day and care fare. Phone Mont-
gomery 611; 1013 Clay st. -
GOOD cook with boy 15 years old wants po-
sition in country; good wages; best refer-
ences. 305 Polk st.
AN experienced dressmaker wishes more work.
$1 75 per day. 1852 Ellis st.. bet. Pierce
and Scott. •
COMPETENT German woman wants situation
to do cooking and assist with housework.
Box 8070. Call. \u25a0__.
WANTED — By a first-class dressmaker, late of
' the City of Paris, engagements by the day.
Address MRS. W., COS Sutter st.
SEAMSTRESS would like position in private
family. Phone East 463.
JAPANESE schoolgirl wishes situation in a
small family. L. N-. box 8039. Call.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper and cook.
255 Shipley at.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
ELECTRICAL " engineer, competent to take
• charge of all kinds of electrical work, wants
charge of power or lighting .plant; best ref-
erences. Bex 7509, Call.
MECHANICAL and electrical engineer, good
constructor, speaks German. Italian and
. Slavonian, wants position. Address ENGI-
NEER. 846 Valleo st.
; RELIABLE, intelligent . young man desires
work around comfortable private place, city
or country, at $15 to $20 month and board:
i care horses, etc. ; can milk. Box 4006, Call.
GARDENER, experienced and handy about
place, wants employment; references. Box
~ 7980. Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED man will keep books and
tend in retail grocery or crockery store;
wages moderate; references. Box 7881, Call.
GERMAN, 24 years, wants position of any
kind in wholesale grocery store; willing to
do any kind of work. Box 7811, Call. .
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen man desires
' change; best references. . Address L. F. 8..
care of F. KERSTEN & CO.. 3222 22d at.
BUTLER — Thoroughly.- experienced Japanese-
butler wishes position in city or country; has
Eastern and city references. Box 40u5. CalL
HANDY: man around place wants position in
country; hotel or private residence; under-
stands, horses; best of references. P. B.
401 Sutter. at. SS—ttBMIBHMISMI
COACHMAN.- thoroughly ' experienced man. re-
liable. , first-class horseman, wishes position
In private \u25a0 place: good references: city or
country. Box 8048. Call office. .
STABLEMAN wants place; a m!dd!e-aged
; . single man. expert in ; care of horses, car-
: rlagea and harness; country preferred Box
8190. Call office. . \u25a0
MALE nurse, six years" experience with all
kinds 01 cases, private and in .Institutions;
: competent at both massage and manicuring
Bex 7521. Call.
MAN, handy around machinery, wishes posi-
: tlon. ' Address box SO4O. Call.
YOUNG man, sober, \u25a0 wants position where he
can learn '. waiting at table.- Box 7027. Call.
AN 7 all-round butcher wants position In coun-
try. Box 5154. Call of flee. .
SOBER. - reliable man wants position; knowl-
. edge of bookkeeping... -Box SlS3.', Call. - .
ENGINEER and machinist would like posl-
tlon in country; ref. Address box 8200, CalL : |
• EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE— Coo
TRAVELING position wanted by practical me-
chanical expert where the highest skill ami
the greatest ingenuity is required: in any
line of machinery; or position as foreman irx
first-class machine shop. Address bos 502 U.
Call ofßca.
COACHMAN and jrariiener wants position en
gentleman's country place; thoroughly com-
petent: first-class references. Box I*o4l, Call.
BAKER. German, strong. 17. wants to learn
the business; Oakland preferred. 12HJ
Twenty-third aye.. Eas; Oakland.
YOUNG man wants position as hoist or sta-
tionary engineer: do repair work, city or
country. Address Kngineer. 1119 Sutter St.
RELIABLE, sober man wants position a» day
or night watchman ; small wages. Box 75X7.
Cal: office.
GOOD Japanese schoolboy wishes position
watting. T. JAMES. 2C05 Lyon st.
JAPANESE wants situation who Is .learning
American cooking; little experience; apply by
mall. C. I. TANAKA. 1410 Pine st.
A JAPANESE wishes to do cooklntf In pri-
vate family In city or country: understands
cooking and waiting. I. 1.. 131 - 3 Pino st.
GOOD Japanese wants a position, housework
and cook help; understands English. 1003
Guerrero st.; telephone Blue 2831.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants situation as a
elevator or office boy: speaks English.
YAMA. 417 Jones st.: phone East 3615.
GOOD Japanese- boy wants situation to do>
housework; speaks English well. SATO. 417
Jones St.; rhone Eaat 3615.
JAPANESE boy wants position to« do family
laundry work or b^stfles the hours work in
this city. T. SUQIYAMA. 522 Pine st.
JAPANESE first-class cook wishes position lrt
family In city; best references. JEO. 810
Stockton st.
YOUNG Japanese, gentle and honest, wishes
position to do plain cooking or housework.
Box 7004. Cai>
CHINESE cook wishes a situation in a pri-
vate family. C. V.. 803 Clay st.
FINANCIAL.
AAA— NOTICE.
REALTY SYNDICATE.
Hereafter all unmatured certificates win b«
cashed upon demand at 512 Call building. O.
D, SKADBURNE JR.
REALTY Syndicate Certificates purchased;
top prices. W. L. HARPER. Crocker bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— COMPLETED" LIST OF HOCSE9.
FLATS, apartment and rooming houses; ou*
resting department Is free to all; we can
find you a home In any part of the city;
ask for no payment other than your good
will; we do not ask you to buy or eves look
at the goods; use this department freely;
you are more than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 245-239 Geary
st. (on the square). il__>
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY.
Every desirable vacant dwelling Is listed la
our renting department. Combined^ lists from.
25 of the largest agencies. Saves a world of
time and trouble.
Services Is absolutely free.
You are not asked to buy or even look at
furniture. Welcome!
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY.
1039 Market St.. opposite McAllister.
LANGTON. 39 and 43 — 4 rooms and bath. $20.
41 Langton — 5 rms. and bath. $22 50. nr. 7th
and Howard. 14 and 16 Landers — Upper and
lower flats, fix to suit tenant. 713 Harrison,
nr. 3d — 1 rvam.. $13; ashes* and water free.
A DELIGHTFUL corner fiat, nearly new. 0
rooms, basement, etc. ; every room sunny;
i rent reasonable; half block from Market at.
j 8347 17th st.: take Castro or 18th st. car.
TO 1et— 2904-2010 Sixteenth st.. near Howard
— 1 rooms and bath; newly renovated; con-
venient to all line of can; see them; rent
reasonable. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
DEVI3ADERO. 345. near Oak — Handsome new
modern store; also 2 flats, 8 rooms and bath
each; rent very reasonable. F. B. SUR-
HYHXE, 114 Sutter st.
FULTON. 70S, corner Buchanan — Elegant,
sunny, modern middle flat of 1 rooms and
bath; rent reduced. - -.^
BUCHANAN. 853. near Fulton — Elegant, new.
sunny, modern flat of 7 rooms and bath; rent
reduced.
PAGE, 807. near Plerce^ — Sunny C-rooro flat;
rent reasonable: surrounded by car lines*.
MODERN flats. 1933-1337 O'Farrell st. : 6f _nd 7.
rooms, bath, basement, yard: rent reaannabla,
MINNA, 906. off Tenth — Upper Cat. 3 rooms
and bath; key at 123% Tenth st.
$16— -APPRECIATED If seen: modern, sunny.
4-room flat: bath, washstand. tubs. 1171 Oak.
MCALLISTER. 1*66-68 — Up-to-date sunny flats.
7-8 rooms; rent low to responsible parties.
NOE. 1056 — New flats; modern Improvements;
near Twenty-fourth and Castro cars.
REED. 24 — Four sunny rooms and bath. Ap-
ply 1325 Washington st., near Jones.
SUNNY middle and upper flats. 4-3 rooms.
bath, yard: $20-$22 50. 32 Shotwell. nr. 14th.
SUNNY upper flat. 6 rooms, hath. yard. 1738
Folsom «t.. near Thirteenth. \u25a0» • c . .*
POST. 2607B — Flat; 5 rooms and bath; mod-
ern improvements; rent $13 60: no children.
CENTRALLY located flat, 5 rooms, bath; mod-
erate. 1020 Sacramento st.. above Powell.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 414.3. near Castro — New,
upper fiat. 5 rooms, bath, cellar, yard; $20.
WALLER. 220%, near Buchanan — Fine 'flat, 9
rooms, bath: fine order; rent $23.
LOWER flat, 3 rooms and yard. 16328 How-
ard St.. bet. Twelfth and Thirteenth.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHK©.
$160— FURNITURE of 0-room flat; planoy Ax-
mlnster carpet, eta.; $4 SO rent. Call 91 T
Minna at. .'."-\u25a0
FURNITXRE FOR, SALE.
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storac* pi.
anos & Furn. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Mx t.
FURNITURE WANTED.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1221 Market
St.. bet. 9th and 10th. paying big money for
furniture, etc Phone South 179.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, eta. 752 Mission; taLßush 813.
Z. ABB LEVY, 1135 Market St.. phone Jessl*
761. pays cash and buys everything.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S. .Phon» Orant 135
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
10 extra waitresses. 2 days, f p»« far*. .$1 SO
80 waitresses, city, country, commercial,
springs, resort hotels; want 1, 2. 3 and 4 In
some houses; fa/cs paid to country.. s2s-$3O
4 chambermaids, city, country $20
2 mangle hands, same country hotel- laundry,
free fare, $20, room, board, overtime; also on*
for Nevada, $30 and found, far* paid; starch
lroners. country $50-S6O
Cook, country hotel «.$5O
Cooks, houseglrUi, second girls, nurse girls.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
A — FOR hotel near city, man and wife, must
be first-class American cooks. $90-$5O; dlsa-
washer, $30; party here.
C. R. HANSEN - CO ...429 Bush St.
COOK, city, no washing tiot i0
2 cooks, little waehing -...-... ...$3O
Parlormaid and waiting, city 530
Chambermaid and sewing, Ross Valley.. ..$3O
2 nurses for a home ""'s"o
\u2666 German nurseglrl. 2 children """Ilia,
Cook, small workingman's hotel ""'s"s
4 waitresses for city and country hotels. $"'5
Waitress for small restaurant, country. $30
Chambermaid, hotel, short distance S°O
Chambermaid and waiting 1 , country". $"5
Dining-room girl for a home.... "~'"i~>s
Nurse for old lady ".'.'.'.1 '.520
3 men and wives for ranches...". ***"$3O-$tSO
Man and wife as cook and waltress.hotel.s«s
J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 3M SuttwiY.--
WOMEN and girls wanted Immediately; also
experienced canners: steady work and high -
Ca£S Br^nnar:^^ RNIA
WANTED— GirI to operate Bor.az machine and
!^ r °i.^ r • names °, a '"P-lna. toweis, etc:
i£ te -graSrcK" y espected - refereace3 -
°ftfc 2V2°^T o^r fereace3 : a^~^
W Ca : P p !J^~ A SoOd Co ° k: * ? »"\u25a0 week ' 4:: -
W^rv T^7 h OU ",f lady who te an experience*
& B n?Z%Tn7i*3?%ko^ ly between "
W Ar^Tf A l^ for seaeral $25.
U^' y SuTSr-^" rer c t r aVe -. -Mctoond P-trte*:
G f« l rVed! 00 V a e AYh 00 u rr t 0O .L eWork; Gwmaß »"-
MALE.CONCLUDE FOLKS ARE NOT HOME. THIS APPLIES TO WANT ADS
BCtJP WAXTED — FEMALE — Continued
X WAITRESS *nJ pa.-loi maid. 2 in family.
5UiO; rfcier*uot-s; tee taJy here to-diy: iteaJy
l.lace in rlty.
A young girl for office work; $4 a \v.:-ek.
•A girl who can cook well, fcr housework; "
• in lainily; $40; Montsrcy.
A waitress a:id parkr tna'.d: small fam-
ily: $.10.
7 waitress** for i>2ard ing-houses la *"!t>".; *25.
10 w«!tr«»fses lor cour.try resortf: ?23 >ach.
A O.ern.aT rook foe a German .am.;y: iio.
MISS r^i.'NKCTr. 42S Suiter, nr. Powell.
3ir.LS ;o karn hairOr^sing. manicuring, mas-
rage, etc.. from A to Z in I rco. for $j to
those cr.'erlr.jt row; T r-os'.ticr.s to SM suaran-
tv«d at $!rt per v.eek upr^day and evening
clt?s. Co'lp^p. 2."5* Po?t st. room 17. 2d floor.
WANTED— GirIs to learn :n-;i!inery for fall; 2
teafon* 'rom start to fini e !i la I mo for $15;
pOkUloaa pvBr»n:ce<l $12 per wk. v?: le*rn
new icy Aug. po*4tlous. Scbool. 234 I'ost, r. 10.
MU-LINnP.V taoirht 1 rr.o. for Sr>: learn now
for Aug. volitions; sits, guaranteed; tve.
school only. 'SM Poet »t.. ronm 10
fcX Intcliipcr.t. ruined youns woman under 30
ta teach boocekeepißC t« flris; short <3!s:ancr
in country; j.laln cooking; must make bread:
reference* it-quired: saUrj- $30 month. Ap-
ply 10 to 12. room 202. Grand Hotel.
AN enjoyable, profitable euttne: pick hops In
Augiist; sr>ec;al rate tickets new ready;
cubic early as only a limited numbt-r can
be eoW. E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122
Battery Et.
WANTED — Totiry «-omen to learn telephone
or-erai!rs: rrfertßOet toqulred; talary while
learning- Apply 216 Cush *t.. third flo>;r.
after » a. tn.
EEWINO machine operators on overalls: no
experien-e necessary. LEVI STKAUSS &
CO.. 32H Fremont ft. MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — Girls on sew:ng machines; run by
rower- light work; good pay.. NEVILLE &
CO.. t<3o Davis st.
HOP pickers wanted; lists op^n July 24. CaJI
and arrange fcr transportation, tents etc.
Amerlcen Hop aj-.d Barley Co.. 227 California.
MAKE money working at home (pare time oi
i-'.fidj ; *a«y fancy work; call 9 to 5. 1?44
Market ft., opp. Seventh: about 10c p*r hour.
EXPERIENCED buttonhole operator u n Singer
.'ewj.ig machine. L-EYI STRAUSS & CO..
Mr. Davig. 32 4 Fremoet ft.
GIRLS and boys wanted: operatic and dramat-
lc work. 1225 Geary st.; pbone Eaft 4461.
BARBl3RS— Employment and Supplies.
BARBER shops; city and country; have quite
a number qf them for sale; some with real
rood merits. Apply to STOLTZ. 723 Market.
BARBIIR to buy half Interest In downtown
shop, can start to work next week and try
th* shop. STOLTZ. 723 Market St.
WANTED- Barber for Byron Springs Hotel;
good wages and steady job for first-claes
man. Call at Ba. m.. 34 Montgomery st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; one
for Saturday. 2CS Third St.
"BARBER war.ted. 255 Third at.
CAREER wanted for Saturday only. 608
Montgomery st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; call Fri-
day morning, oft* Fourth st.
BARBER Tor Saturday at 505 Fourteenth «t.,
Oakland.
GOOD barber; young man. 947 FUlmore St..
corner McAllister.
BaRBER wanted for Saturday axd Sunday;
can Friday. 1552 Church st.. near 28th.
BARBER for 5c shop. 6C3 Howard et,
GOOD barber wants steady position; downtown
district. Phone Capp 591.
BARBER shop for sa_e; 3 chain: living rooms;
rent $12. 1153 Howard st.
BARBERS— I want to buy a 3 or 4 chair 6hop
Box 7i)24. Call. «
WANTED— Two or 3 hydraulic, leather up-
ho'ii-u-rect chains. Box 7.'53. Call.
f^.'— UAKBER shop; rood trade: 2 nice living
re&ms: rent $12. IGO7H Market st.
A GOOD 2-chalr paying barber shop for *a!e
chtap. Inquire at 2SS O'Farrell st.
f2-5 — S-CHaiH oarber shop for gale: north of ,
Market: tarK»:n. Colerr.an. 311 J. Flood bid.
J750— 5-CHAIR barber shop fcr sale: rood lo-
caiica: No. I flxt. Co>rr.an. 311 J. Flood bid.
$1N> — dARBER shop: fine chair and fixtures;
Urgv\tra.df • owner sick. IOO7U Market »t.
3 -CH AfR fc&rber ?hop finest in rtrtr.ity. and
furrJsbed room, cheap. 2759 Fo>om st.
HCLP WAXTED — MALE.
AT KORD & PMITH-S. 741 Mission St.. nr. Bd,
and €26 Washington et., near Kearny.
FREE FARE— TO-DAY— FREE FAKE.
Fe* SI.
Nevada-
Long Job— RAILROAD WORK — Long Job.
Come and See U» About It.
Teamsters, $2 25.
No Discount Good Outflt.
SHIP TO-DAY.
MMsetter. used to fractional blocks, $2 50.
Camp horseshoer, Nevada, $50 and found.
Concrete laborers, near city. $2 25.
Beccnd cook, company. $50.
Bricklayers, plain work, 54, $4 50; a year's
work for a company.
Laborers, near city. $2 25.
Foreign sawmill hands. $30 to $35.
810 JOB— SOUTH.
T«em»ters, $2 25.
Laborer*. (2.
Boy helper, city, $1.
Elevator boy. 520 and room.
Cook, roadhouee, $30.
P&lcter, who can write plain rigas, $3 60.
WELL, HERE IT IS!
Western Pacific!
Western Pacific!
Western Pacific!
Roduaen, $2 60.
Lj&oren. |2 25.
GO TO-DAY.
Western Pacific!
Santa Cruz Tunnel.
Muckers. $2.
m Go To-day. — — \u25a0
Tracklayers,
Laborers.
Comcany Work.
FREE FARE.
8. P. Company. „
To- Day — To- Day.
FREE FARE.
ALASKA. ALASKA. ALASKA.
$2 to go that's all.
Steamer VALENCIA.
Sail* Monday. July 31.
Five hundred men going.
Join them.
• For the ALASKA CENTRAL RAILWAY.
Bee Mr. Baxter, company's engineer, at offic«
TO-DAY— TO-DAY.
Shipment Is about full. .
Largest shipment ever cent out of city.
600 men
Going to. going to. going to
SEWARD. ALASKA.
Laborers. $2 75 day; board $6.
The books will probably
be filled
TO-DAY— TO-DAY.
Cf you are going come a running.
Don't get left."
Remember only $2 gets you to
ALASKA.
Special eteamer VALENCIA chartered
and she sails
Monday.
Pacific Contractors' Employment Agency,
Ca Washington st. Phone James 3301.
A — Pacific Contractors' Employment Afrency.
635 Washington st. Phone James 3301.
FREE FARE TO NEVADA.
$2 20 a day. Office fee $1.
We ship to Klr.kead. Carson & Tonopah R. R.
ALASKA.
The on!y office in the city shipping to
ALASKA.
Steamer Valencia, sailing July 31.
Rock men for new railroad. $2 50.
Machinist, sawmill, south. $3 50 day.
Firft-ciass draughtsman, steady work.
Machine miners $3 day. 8 hours.
Miners, south $2 50: north. $3.
Muckers $2 50: l»hr<~a. mine. $2.
Men for road worn crillers $2 23. muckers $2.
All kinds jobs in and around sawmill*.
Pacific Contractors' Employment Agency,
CSS Washington Ft. Phone Jame* 3301.
A— AMERICAN— EMPLOYMENT— BUREAU.
C 42 COMMERCIAL ST.— PHONE BUSH M 3.
10 CARPENTERS— NORTH— PART FREE
FARR- Lcnr Job. $87 SO to $105.
HOISTING ENGINEER— Power Co., $3.
BLACKSMITH, gold dredger. Oregon. $105.
2 2-horre teamster*, lumber company, $W fd.
COOK. FARE PAID. $«0 fd.: COOK, south.
$70: COOK. K. C. Co.. t CO fd. : COOK. S men.
MINE, $.*JS fd.; 3 COOKS, ranches.
FREE FARE — 25 laborers. *tecdy. $60.
NEW WORK— NORTH.
FARE REFUNDED— MENDOCINO CO.
GREAT— 3.OOO.OOO.OOO GALLON DAM—
It's COMPANY WORK NO DISCOUNT.
35 LABORERS. $45 to $50 fd.
15 WOODCHOPPERS. $45 fd.
We want 5725 men for all classes of work.
What kind of work do you do?. C US TO-
DAY. ' --:' :
WANTKD — 100 men to circulate petitions for
high licence at the polls on August 8; will
pay $2 for Cay's work; must be 'registered
voters, honest and thoroughly reliable. Ap-
cly room 1L 212 Sansome et.. 8 am, to 2 tun.
"^ A^-m inir'iiir-iivlMVf^r'rtHHliT frUTlfr" I! "i Him JHil*Vli I ""r* i m Ti i . n * ,r_* i&r \u25a0
HELP WAXTED— MALE — Continued.
MIRIUV & READY, PHONE
tt.i4tJ.Jo Clay st. MAIN SS4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We rave in 1004 IHOS we hope to
04.01 A) men work. Increase 04,000.
FREE FARE.
GOLD MINE— OTHER MINES.
IS6 single and double ' hand drillers. $90,
?S2 JO, $75.
So mucker*, carmen, etc., $75.
S3 laborers, no experience, for mines. $CO.
12. Übcrers to learn mlnfnsr, '$60.
ISO drillers, quarries, tunnels, etc.. $75.
&i laborers, lartte country factory. $(50.
laborers— teamsters.
360 laborer* and teamsters, different Jobs.
SOtae In San Francisco, $2. $2 25. $2 50 day;
come »et» us
DRILLERS AND QUARRYMEN.
ol drillers and <ju«rrymen, different places,
$G7 50 to «75.
FARMS. ORCHARDS, ETC.
65 eeneral ranch hands, $30, $.S.">. $40 & fd.
HARVEST AND HAY-BALING HELP.
3i> men, different positions. $1 50. $2 and
$2 50 day and found.
12 haj -balers, different places. 15c lCc, 25c
ton.
CHORE MEN AND BOYS.
3! men and boys for chores. $15, $20. $25.
5-i0 and found.
5 coachir.er., 2 gardener*. $40 and found.
DAIRYMEN.
26 mUk-rs. butter and cheeee makers. $30,
533. ?40 and found.
KRKE TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
se.» laborers, fare paid, you'll suit. 535. $40,
fio and found.
128 r xver!?need woodsmen, mlllmen. from
Dlllnc lumber to manager of milla and
?,<*s*< * a - S4O. $50. $00. $70. $SO. $90.
il-o ciocth arid found: come and see us.
STABLEMEN.
26 stablemen, different jobs, $33 and, found
to *$60, $75.
MECHANICAL.
IS BRICKLAYERS
for Seattle, your fare paid usual wa«s.
CORNICE-MAKERS
for Seattle, fare paid. SOc hour.
Cement finisher on plaster work walls, fare
50c, $4 day.
Cenrent mason for mine, $3 50 day.
Woodturner, city good job f.l day.
ChJprer. foundry, fare $.1, "mine 567 30.
Engineer, washer, country laundry. $75.
9 buffer* and poliphers.
12 asphaltum raker?, city $2 50 to $4 day.
Blacksmith, structural work No I Job. \u25a0
Brick kiln setter, $75; 12 ;oopers. 12c each.
Floorman blacksmith San Mateo. $3 day up.
Backsmlth. no shoeing, fare $1 25. $50 fd.
Blacksmith or a woodworker, fare $2 50.
$3 50 day.
26 blacksmiths, horseshoers etc. $4, $3 50.
IS. $2 50 day.
18 bridge carpenters, lumber company. $90.
9 carpenters, build barns etc $3 50 day.
IS carpenters, factory, fare 50c. $3 50 day.
12 carpenters, different Jobs, $4, $3 50. $3
day.
Blacksmith, machinist Government Job, $75
and found.
18 car builders. $90 a month.
25 slack coopers.
Tallyman, lumber company. $40 found.
Sealer lumber company. $75; offbearer.
$S2 50.
Cement worker. R. R. company's own work,
$3 25 day. , •
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS.
IN SAN FRANCISCO.
86 bench carpenters or cabinet-makers, spe-
cial city corporation Job; "not contract
work." 1105 month.
ALSO
12 carpenter*, gold quartz mine. $90.
14 carpenters, factory worn, fare $1 50, $105
month.
26 carpenters, different city and country
jobs, M. $3 50 $3 day.
Foreman, planing: mill, country. $4 day. '
Storekeeper, lumber company, $50 and fd.
6 cornice-makers. Seattle, 8 hours, $4 day.
Plasterer. $1 fare. $5 day.
3 carriage woodworkers, $3 50 day.
Hoist engineer for mine, $75.
Blacksmith, country* club, boss here, $40 fd.
Varnlsher and finishers city foctory, $2 to
J2 50 day.
Mill bench hand, country. ?3 50 day.
COLUSA COUNTY.
26 laborers and teamsters, $67 50. .
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS. COOKS. COOKS.
45 cooks, different places, $90, $75, $50, $40
and found.
WAITERS. WAITERS. WAITERS.
26 waiters, different places $45, $40. $30. $25
and found.
DISHWASHERS. PORTERS. BEDMAKERS.
te dlshwafihers, different Jobs, $35, $30. $25,
$20 and found.
12 porters and bedmakers. different jobs. $30,
125, $20 and found.
LAUNDRYMEN, BELLBOYS.
88 laundry, all "classes, $3. $2 60. $2 day.
12 b*!l and elevator boys, different Jobs, $15,
$20 and found.
Houseman, porters, city hotel. $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MISCELLANEOUS.
usual waxes.
20 boya learn trades, etc.. $4. $5. $6 week.
2 your.g men. candy stores. $6 week found.
Al" teamaters $70 and found.
MARRIED.
14 men and wives, different positions, $50.
$60. $70 and found.
LAUNDRY.
2 etarch ironers. Santa Cru*. $2 25 day.
BAKERS.
Bakers, fare 52. $55 and found.
Boy. learn coppersmith trade, $3 week.
LOOK.
Young man. work around machinery, Alty,
$1 75 day. . . ' w
Man work about duck preserve. $25 and
found, fare paid. ,
Man take charge of bootblack stand, $30 fd.
BUTCHERS.
Butcher, fare 30c. $15 week.
Butcher, hotel country. $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
155 COAL miners. New Mexico.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
A— NEW WORK— FREE FARE
155 Italian*.
155 Spaniards* or Mexican*.
155 Poles. Hungarians or Russians.
$2 day. steady Jobs. See us.
' MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay. St.
GREAT POWER COMPANY ~
25 laborer*, water dam. $67 50.
Steady Job year round: boes at our office.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63 C Clay 6t.
. LOOK.
Boy fir* boiler, city. $1 day.
2 young; men. paper house, city. $7 week.
Boy. deliver rigs, city stable. $1 week.
LOOK.
Cook and wife, country hotel kitchen, near
city. $60 and found.
LOOK.
Turner and band sawyer, fare $1.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63 C Clay sL
" FREE FARE BOTH WAYS.
ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY.
25 LABORERS. $67 50.
ARE YOU GOING? $1 FEE. THAT'S ALL.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay it.
FREE FARE TO-DAY.
IN CENTER OF GREAT FRUIT DISTRICTS.
42 Miles From San Francisco.
25 laborers - you'll suit. $60 month.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay «t.
FREE FARE.
E T. ' B. P. 6. P.
TO VttVOPAH. NEVADA STATE.
65 tea asters. $67 50. Are you going?
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HE WILL ARRIVE AT OUR OFFICE
7 a. m to-day Who? General representative
of AMERICAN' FACTORY.
25 laborers, you'll suit, $60. Fee $1. That's
all. .
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay at.
ROOF painter, city Job, $2 50 day.
LOOK. •
Screw turner, big carriage, north, $80 fd.
Band sawyer fare $1, $3 00 day.
WEAVERS.
12 weavers on blankets.
HAY BALERS.
12 hay balers, fare «1 40, 20c ton.
MACHINIST.
Machinist, great lumber company, $3 50 day.
- LOOK.
3 boys to learn trades, citr. $4 60 we«k.
NURSES.
3 nurses. Institution. $25 and found.
YOU CAN DO IT.
19 lumL«r pliers, fare $2 50. $35 to $40 fd.
MURRAY & READY. C 34-636 Clay gt.
MAN and wife, man pick fruit, wife cook for
men. $56 and •*« un *^ )OK<
Butcher, small shop. fare*7oc. $30 and found.
LOOK.
16 carpenters, build barns, sheds, etc, fare
$3EO. $.3 60 day; board and lodgrlneT, hotel,
C k S m,th. n-^sh^.^ory.^S day.
* bundle handlers, $C 0 and found, fare $1.
2 pack sewers. $t)0 and found, fare $1.
1 sack tenders. $60 and found, fare $1.
SHASTA COUNTY.
n<i laborers, free fare, railroad work.
" 5 & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
\u25a0WANTED For U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 33;
citizens of United States-, of good character
and terar*rate habits, who can speak., read
and write English. For information apply
to Recruiting Officer. 204 Rialto building.
New Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTEP — A good carpenter at Job. 1275
46th aye.. bet. A and I su.. this morning.
wnitEM AN on cakes, and 2 waiters,* 1 dlsh-
1 washer. 318 James Flood bldg.
WANTED — Two good carpenters. Call at 7:30
£. m.. 52« No« st. HENRY SMITH.
SAILORS ordinary seamen, for Sound, south
coast. New York. Europe* Lane's. 004 Davis.
/ THE SAN' FRANCISCO r CALL, FRIDAY) JULY 28, 1005.
SO 1 — : " . -„.. . — — — : QO
• • - . . *'"\u25ba *' r : •'- \u25a0 '. "• ..' '. -:- \u25a0 O
•I Ta Our Small AH Patrrnvc S *
! A Cabarette or Fruit Plate I
2 ' \u25a0 ' '\u25a0\u0084.--.. #
© ... i - •
I — — . — _=___ — __ 1 .
g I These plates are .10 inches in diameter, made of crystal clear glass and are •
© very attractive in pattern. They are particularly adapted for cake or fruit. As •
S the fruit season is just at hand their usefulness now is particularly apparent 3 !
S ' "\u25a0 ' ' ' \u25a0 -•-: - : - . " \u25a0 -V ©
O . • . \u25a0 ' \u0084. \u25a0 ©
Cj ' ' y \u25a0 \u25a0 ' «*%
© FREE to Any Person Presenting a Small Ad %
I Thursday, Friday or Saturday |
2 - - — - . TT/^D -
• \u25a0 ; " -\u25a0•' ' " " " - \u25a0 • \u25a0 j\ - ' \ S
• ii — = :—: — . — = — : . — = ! — \u25a0 — — %
9 \u25a0 mmv ' \u25a0 <ct* ' ' _ Mrt _ - '\u25a0.',\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 9
% !L ' 1 •
. -. - ;•• \u25a0\u25a0 . ©
• NO ADS FOR THS SUNDAY CALL RECEIVED ©
S LATER THAN 9 O'CLOCK, SATURDAY NIGHT.: 2
© .— — — — - — — ; .• S
| CALL BUSINESS OFFICE OAKLAND OFFICE I
© Third and Market Sts. 1016 Broadway. ©
©©ooeoe©o©©©©©©©©©©»^»ee©Q©o©gQ©o©eQ©©©oooe»©o©©©©©©©o»» > 00 >>> oec0 ecO 0p
HELP] WANTED— MALE — Continued.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush et.
Chef. $00; second cook. J5O; dishwasher, $30;
country hotel. .
Fry cook, resort, Santa Cruz; free fare both
ways $?>0
Fry cook and broiler; free fare both ways;
party here $50 to $60
Third cook, country hotel: free fare. .$35 fd.
Dishwashers, potwashers/ city and country:
. free fare $25 to $30 and found
Walters, bus boys, city and country.s2s-$4O fd
Portere, hotels, institutions, city and coun-
try $25-$4O
Handy men, men about places, coachmen..
.$2O to $35 and found
Ironers and all around laundrymen..s4o-$OO
_— — . - , \
- 4 single or. double hand Quartz miners, $2
day and found; party here 10 a. m.
New R. R. Work— Fare Only 40 Cents.
10 scraper teamsters $2 25 day
5 scraper holders $2 25 day
Ship to-day. Call early. Good Job.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
A — Special. Call Early. . Ship To-night.
60 track and concrete 1ab0rer5. .....52-$2 25
Free Fare. No discount. Company work.
Board $4 50 a week. Call early. Free Fare.
All For State of Nevada.
C. R. HANSEN &CO 429 Bush st.
DRY GOODS salesman, . $76; 2 farmers and
wives, $50 and found; married coachman,
$60; gardener"* helper, $25 and found; farm-
ers, $1 25 and found; milkers, $35 and found;
blacksmith • and shoer, $3 50 day; black-
smith helper and floorman, $3 day; 5 labor-
ers and woodchoppers for mine, $2 50 day; 3
miners, $3 day; carpenters, $3 60 and $4
day; 2 brick setters, $2 50 day, and many
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento «t. .--'.\u25a0•.-•-
COOK and helper, country : hotel, $110; cook
and wife, $65; restaurant cook, country, $60
to $C 5; waiter, country, $40 and found: 2
bakers, country, $40 month and $14 week
and found; colored hallboy, $20 and found.
Porters, dishwashers and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
AT RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
602 Clay Bt., cor. Montgomery. Tel. James 2478.
NEW ELECTRIC RAILROAD.
2 grade foremen. $3 50 day.
Camp blacksmith, $65 month and found.
50 teamsters, $2 25 day.
Long Job. . No discount.
YUBA COUNTY.
Laborers and drillers, $2 60 to $2 75 day.
Cook, boarding-house, country, • $40 mo. fd.
ANDRE'S Office. 817 Stockton st. — Porter,
family hotel, $25; porter, institution,- $25;
broiler, $60; second cook, $75; hotel cook, $60;
' waiter, country, fc*o; i bellboy, club, $25 ; man
and wife 'for small ranch, Sonoma County,
$40 and found; first-class gardener, $40, etc.
GOOD, sober, blacksmith's helper; country;
steady work for right man. C. G. SIGURD,
Rural No. 7, San JOae, Cal. -
WANTED — Dishwasher. THOMAS BUTLER.
8132 Mission Bt. '
WANTED— No. 1 tinner; call early. 470
Hayes st. . * . :
WANTED — Reliable mechanic; handy, quick
and steady. 635 Crossley building. >
WANTED — Bushel man and preeser for renova-
tory; good pay; steady.' Box 6003, : Call of-
.- fice. Oakland. .-."-".: \u25a0 •
STENOGRAPHER; single, quick, accurate;
good position; advancement assured. -1612
Washington St.: • ..'\u25a0.'\u25a0
HOP pickers wanted; lists open July 24. Call
and arrange for transportation., tents. etc«
American Hop and Barley Co.. 227 California.
WANTED — Pupils to learn cutting and. design-
ing of men's garments. ' School of Practical
Cutting. 918 Market St.. room 69. \\
MEN to learn barber trade in 8 weeks; situa-
tions guaranteed: wages while learning. Call
or address Moler a Barber College, 644 Clay;
WANTED — Men to fill -300 rooms at. 20c. per
night; clothes closets, . hair mattreeses, elec-
tric light in every room. - 68t Howard, nr. 3d.
TROUSERS, makers wanted. Apply- CHAS;
LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market St.. ..-\u25a0-..
FIRST-CLASS merchant tailor's cutter want-
ed. Apply box 8044, Call..
CARDWRITER wanted. . Apply by letter, with.
full . details. ' to box ; 7688. Ca11. ..-;. ; <\u25a0
WANTED — Experienced » brakeman ; : must' have
: good references. :\u25a0 Box H7986. Call. , .
LETTERERS wanted in our designing depart-
ment. VARNEY & GREEN. 7 Tenth st. >,-. '
SAILORS and young , men " (green " hands) for
ships. HAIILBERT. 617 Jackson «t ;. ,
WANTED— Men •to * learn ' barber \u25a0 trade free.
Ban Francisco Barber College. 741 A Howard.
HELP • WANTED— MALE— Continued.
AN enjoyable,- profitable outing;- pick hops In
August; special rate tickets now ready;
I • come early ar only a limited number can be
I sold. E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Bat-
tery st. -'. \u25a0'.\u25a0\u25a0•
WANTED — An experienced and competent of-
fice man; must be able to manage others;
department \u25a0 store experience preferred; good
opening with good salary for the right man.
Box 8131. Call. . --..-. ..
MEN to learn the barber trade; 8 weeks com-
pletes; positions guaranteed; wages earned
while learning; call or write. Oilman's Bar-
ber College. 027 Clay St.. near Montgomery.
LEARN telegraphy and R. R. accounting; $80
to $150 per month salary paid our graduates;
our six schools indorsed by all railroads; day
and evening session; apply for catalogue.
Morse School of Telegraphy, 26 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Men and women to prepare for
postofflce. Internal revenue, bookkeeper, de-
partment clerk and other Government posi-
tions: particulars free; open day and eve.
Pacific Correspondence Institute, 1095 Market.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know i
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to SOc per night.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bldg.; open till 9 pm.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. . H. .Thomas Post, G. A. R. •
MEN to go on ships to Australian and other
ports. At HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart St.
MEN wanted at 105 3d St.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln., 75c
LABOR debts collected; • suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 49 2d St., r. 522.
GET your chocs half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c 11 Third st.. Examiner building. .
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; ;350 night; reading rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at lOCS Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
\u25a0 Call ranch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
SALESMEN -WANTED.
WANTED-^-Salesmen to sell KINLOCH
HOUSE PAINT and F. T. A. ROOF ; &
IRON PAINT to stores; experience unneces-
. sary; excellent side linesT no samples. Pa-
cific Distributing Co.. 316 Sacramento St.,
San Francisco Cal. . : ;
WANTED — Salesman, good address and hustler;
name references. Box 5033. Call office.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
WAGONS — Bargains for ; everybody in wagons,
rubber-tire runabouts; all -kinds of new and
2d-hd business buggies, doctor's buggy, carts,
• harness, robes at. Kleiber's, 1503-5 Folsom. .
A— FOR; sale— lo - good young horses Just ar-
rived; must be sold by August 1.
JV D. FORRESTER. All Sixth st.
SECOND-HAND Frazer cart, Victoria, wagon-
\u25a0 ette. coupe, pony cart and harness of all de-
scription at 800. Golden Gate aye.
NEW and second-hand wagons,- buggies, sur-
reys and harness., LEIBOLD HARNESS CO..
.'\u25a0' 211 Larkln Bt.. San Francisco. -.-\u25a0>\u25a0• :\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0..
WANTED— A delivery horse; medium size,
young and gentle. 234" Lombard st. y
AUCTION sale " of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. ,327 Sixth st.
WILL sell cheap, •:"„ flne business buggy, top
buggy or phaeton. ? 523: Fulton St. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u0084 \u25a0
FINE \u25a0 rubber-tiro leather top doctor's ;buggy
> and Victoria; cheap. ; 1503-05 Folsom st. -
Al f EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
:'!,•'; gocart ,, for .sale., cheap. ,632 ; Mission st/ - ,"
A WEEK'S news for 8 \u25a0 cents-^-The Weekly Call,
10 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
.' "' : \- ' 7' ; y, \u25a0\u25a0.HOUSES \u25a0':.' TO '\u25a0'. LET. ;' :
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send, for clr-
.. cular. IG.H..UMBSEN & C 0..20 Montgomery.
TWO houses .on Broadway,'* near r Gough st. j
- 1767 ' of 10 rooms, $65 ; ; 1760 of ; 8 rooms. . $45;
choice location , and : marine , view. - :
$18 — REAK \u25a0 house;W_4s nicely - furnished rooma.
" Inquire • 1412 i Polk; st., > near: California. :
HOUSES FUItNISHED-^-FOR '; SALE. "
FURNITURE of o '.rooms. rooms for sale; '.will '\u25a0 sell at
a great sacrifice; cash. only. ; 760 Pott «.'.' • >
»Eta«A»«*B"-..»-;i"- •."."\u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0 *\u25a0•••.' r-' ,--••\u25a0-.:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ! \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0"\u25a0,",
COTTAGES TO LET.
TWO 5-room cottages; modern Improvements;
rent $20. Apply owner, NW, cor Precita
aye. and Alabama st.
$2 ™iT RE 7' l 7 , cot J la ° c : NW - cor. Eureka and
20th.- If desired with carpets and stove; 3
rooms, attic and large basement.
" INVESTMENTS.
A— 4% TO 6% ON DEPOSIT CERTIFICATES
Withdrawal at Pleasure.
SAN FRANCISCO AND SUBURBAN
HOME BUILDING SOCIETY, v
sth Floor, 708 Market St., S. F., Cal'
Guarantee Capital $600,000. All subscribed
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS.
Hon. Jas. G. Maguire..Ex-U. S. Congressman
Hon. E. K. Taylor Ex-State Senator
Chas. A.~ Murdock. Pres. C. A. Murdock & Co
J. M. Duke.... Assoc Chas. Webb Howard
Allen M. Clay ..Secy. Bank of California
Joseph A. Le0nard ......... General Manager
GILT-EDGE investment; corporation stock:
large return** ; money required to enlarge
plant. Apply to WILLIAM E. MILES. 323
Mlllg building. San Francisco.
; INVALID 'CHAIRs!
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturer of the
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.; teLPark 775.
LOST AND FOUND.
$50 REWARD for one White and black spot-
ted hound, lost June 6, between Cloverdale
and Boonville. "G. W. M." tattooed in ono
ear. Address SID GOSHONG, Cloverdale
Cal. - \u25a0 , -\u25a0
LOST — In Golden Gate Park or on cars, a
.lady's gold watch; name of owner in back
of case. Suitable reward if returned to P
J. HAGQERTY. care Call office. \u25a0 \u25a0
LOST— Mink neck fur. Monday, vicinity Geary
'st. and Grant aye.; reward. Room 337,
Phelan butldlnz. . ...
LOST— Sunday, July 23, ladies' breastpin set
.. with diamond chips. One stone missing; re-
ward. 11 San Carlos aye, city. !
LOST — Saturday afternoon, gold sunburst pin.
with large diamond in center: liberal reward.
2237 Union St.. near Fillmore. '
LOST— Small dragon pin. Sunday evening, be-
' tween Church and Valencia sts. on 23d. Re-
turn to 1156 Church st. ; liberal reward. \u25a0
LOST— Thurs., watch fob, black silk ribbon,
gold pendant.' Return r.' 506, 121 Geary st.
. LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. •A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot •of Clay
I st., for pleasure and business; tel. Bush. 534.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE. 1
SF.COND-HAND water piper that will stand
pressure in *\u25a0 lengths of from . 12 .to 20 feet,
with all' couplings (new) and recut threads.
covered with parafflne paint, ready to use.
1 in.. 3%c ft.; 1% in.. 6c ft.; 2 In. Sc ft. *
2% In.. 10c ft.: 3 in.. 12#c ft.; 3% in.. lSe ft.
4 fn., 19c per ft.; 5 in. 240 ft.; 6 In., 300 ft.
-t— To • avoid unnecessary, correspondence, we
will say that this is all* right and guaran-
. teed ;.'. send money by Wells, Fargo & Co.'s
Express or \u25a0 mall -\u25a0 order. - • -
H S.^ WHITE MACHINERY COMPANY.
.; Of flee. 130 Beale st..S. F.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, 'shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
".-•'. rented and exchanged; -see Sunday papers.
\u25a0 H.S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS "engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & ' WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st,'
FOR ' sale— New and second-hand | billiard * and
- pool i tables; easy \ payments : we " rent i tables
\u25a0with -privilege- of j buying modern bar flx-
; tures ; cheap prices. BRUNS WICK-BALKE-
i'w COLLENDER. 625; Mlßslon St., ; 8. F. •
LARGEST stock in city; second-hand belting,
also planing mill machinery, engines, boiler*
' and >. electrical- I machinery. JOHNSON &
HORANr 602, Third, st. ; - y • \u25a0\u25a0:, > ,
\u25a0 ALL kinds of ; second-hand machinery,' boilers.
I engines, shafting and pulleys: bought and
' L sold. ~ ARMSTRONG & CO.. 803 Mark«t st. ;
-; :i phone SoutM 87. r" \u25a0 \u25a0':\u25a0 "\u25a0-\u25a0> *\u25a0 :: -\u25a0-.---
TRY 5 our 5 men's . shoes ' at ' $1 and * $1" 50 . pair;
; foot-form ' shoes : at $2 60; 'we % pay ' express
charges.;- 11 3d St.. Exam, bid. : catalog free.
A— BUYS.'isells and; rents! gear machinery, en-
- glnesv~ boilers, \u25a0> water pipe, shafting.' pulleys.
- Aetc.NWHITELAW.j336.MaIn.st.,.. ... : .. .
'\u25a0 A— GENT S full >\u25a0 . dress \u25a0• suiu - to v rent. ;\u25a0 .J.
\u25a0 COOPER. 21 ; Stockton j st.'.' second > floor.
1 SCREW-CUTTING lathe, '. 6 feet between cen-
ters; 1 drill ; prew,', back geared. 800 Third.
FOR' sale^ — Six \u25a0 fine \u25a0 fresh * : cows very - cheap.
Corner Duncan and ' Dolorea sta. ;•
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE— Con.
WILL pay highest prices for all kinds good
castoff clothing. 9'J2 Folsom; tel. Jessie .448.
MILCH cows for sale. Inquire at Ocean View
for MOLIERE'S.
A FINE elk's head. Call at Plerce's hard-
ware store. 11GS Broadway. Oakland. *
MILES of pipe and nttlnss, all sizes, cheap.
EUGENE RILEY A SONS. IC9 Vallejo st.
A VERY fin* 25-stone lady's diamond studded
locket at a barealn. 10 Slxh st.
ALL kinds camp furniture rent«d. ROSS-
McMAHON CO.. 35 Market st.
ARMY shoes. $1 55; U. S. N. flannel shirts.
$1 20; open eve. Mechanics* Store. 574 4th.
TWO" merry-go-rounds; one miniature rail.
way. BACIGALUPI. 805 Kearny st.
HIGH grade 2d-hand office safe and wagon
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 California.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st.
2D- HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. sash.
plumb, materlat. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
OLD picture* of George Washington; also hls-
toncal pictures; send name of engraver and
publisher on picture. Collector. 21S0 Sutter.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing.. Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento.
WANT to buy or rent a rolltop desk; state
price, etc- Box 7514. Call office.
DIAMONDS, etc.. bought for cash. Karl Eber
& Co.. 400-401 Adama bldg.. 206 Kearny »t.
BUILDINGS and building material bought The
Dolan CO.. 1607 Market St.: phone Jessie 2021
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— LadIes, all who are
sick or In trouble, consult this specialist on
female complaints; positively corrected; the
unfortunate helped; the most difficult cases
treated; every case taken; Immediate relief;
no poisoning drugs;, low fees; my methods
will cure all cases of irregrulartty: consult
me; cave time and money: advice free. Office
1018 Market St.; hours 9 a. m. till 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for alt female
j complaints and Irregularities: instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. Office hours 9 to 5. Sunday
10 to 2. 1008 H Market St.. opposite Fifth.
WOMEN" S diseases and Irregularities cured In
24 hours: 19 years" experience without a fall-
ur«; no trifling; strictly private: elite patron-
age only. Dr. Sylvester's office. 1206 Market.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence
1021% Market 6t.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid ta diseases of women.
DRS. GOODWIN'S herb treatment: reliable,
safe, prompt, for female irregularities; relief
or no fee: $10: hrs. y-S. 850 Mkt. St.. sulta 37
A— MRS. DR. GWYER, 511 A Leavenworth St..
. bet. G*ary and O'Farrell. Phone East 697.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and Hlndo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
Twenty-sixth: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MONEY TO LOAN.
i — —
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY <Inc>—
.....ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
....INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty leans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
R. McCOLGAN.
Rooms 301 and 302 Hearst building.
Third floor. Examiner entrance.
Deal directly with lender and save expense.
- Loans any amount at 5K and 0 per cent
On first, second and third mortgages,
REAL ESTATE IN PROBATE.
Undivided interests in estate and property.
Money advanced to prevent foreclosure.
NO DELAY.
Phone Main 5518.
AA— ' MONEY TO LOAN
On furniture, pianos, warehouse receipts cr
security of any kind, without removal: we
make loans on the EASIEST PLAN in tha
WORLD; payments to SUIT YOUR CON-
. VEND2NCE; In case of SICKNESS or loss of
EMPLOYMENT we EXTEND THE LOANS;
you take no chance of LOSING your GOODS.
This is a TRUST COMPANY: our rates are
RIGHT and no DESERVING PERSON is re-
fused; CASH ADVANCES made to salaried
people. LINCOLN FINANCE CO.. rooms 13-
16. 750 Market st..' opp. Phelan building.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601.602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
eta; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Striatly confidential.
When You Need Money
-See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN.
A reasonable amount on
- Ist. 2d or 3d
Mortgages on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of ~ interest.
Give full particulars
of property.
jLjOcatcion, etc.
Bo* 223. Call office.
HIGHLY Tespectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 1
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
978 Market st.. tel. Main 1044. Branch. 1192
Market st. and 27 Third Bt.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without security
. or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates: no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
Ist or 2nd mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W.- BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
. chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
j security; easy payments; large business in 40
'principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or other security; • lowest
rates: no commission; confidential. 506-7
Donohue bldg., 8 Taylor st-. corner Market.
ORIGINAL Uncle Bill— lf you look for lowest
rate of interest and square deal. Old Flood
bid.. 809 Market, cor. 4th. suite 1; est. 1365.
'ALVA CO.,<The) loans money to salaried people
without security: good terms and easy pay-
ments; also on other security. 507 Flood bldg.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of interest: gold,
silver, diamonds pearls and precious stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth 3 t.
LOANS -on diamonds, watches and Jewelry:
private, of flees. .400-401 Adams building, 206
Kearny st. Glebe Mercantile and Loan Co.
SALARIED people without security: also on
furn.. estates in probate, life Ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan & Invest. Co.. 612 Parrott bldg.
MONEY. Money. Money. •
Any proposition. 49 2d St.. Wells-Fargo . Ex-
press bldg. Vr ace Earners' Invt. & Loan Co.
A — ONE per cent per- month \u25a0on valuables.
PORTLAND JEWELRY CO.; 23 Stockton at.
ANY amount' real estate or other • security:
$100 up. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. 8.
LOANS — Salaried people; "confidential"; 2 per
cent;, chattels, etc. 456 Montgomery.' r. 319.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you se«
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bid.
TO salaried \u25a0 people without security.' The Whlt»
[ Co.. 420 California st.. rooms 14 and 15.-:
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo.' S. P.. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
: Indorser. - MORRELL; 609 Examiner bldg.
.MUSICAL j INSTRUMENTS."
BEST renting stock in the city; good uprights
at $2 per mo. ; some at $3 50; our own make.
$3: one ; year's rental : allowed off purchase
price. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
A LARGE -stock of standard pianos; all mor*
or less used: " prices \u25a0 $65 up. BENJAMIN
, CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St.; Chicker-
lng agency. N ' ; r \u25a0.'::\u25a0' ;~- \ t
WILL 5e11: 5475 standard make upright cabinet
- Grand piano at ' a sacrifice. Call from. 5 a.
: . m.-to & i>. m. ; 584 Valencia st. . -_. * •
UPRIGHT cabinet grand piano for sale. 3376
Twenty-first st. * \u0084..:\u25a0 . \u25a0
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storage pJ-
.v anog. furn. Whltehead"»" storage. 1636 Mkt.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 303-312 Post st.
NEW. upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
1 3-PEDAL Stelnway.up; Chicksrtng baby grand.
[\ Shonlnger little used. • Keefte's. - 255 CFarrelL
MUSICAL INSTRUCTION.
TO musicians — Advertiser desires services of
able musician, capable of writing music cor-
rectly from dictation or ocular demons'.ra-
tlon. Address Composer, box SU4S, Call.
MUSEUMS.
DR. LIEBIG STAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
moved to 1023 Market at., near Sixth.
_ Nl L' R S ES.
AN experienced nurse would like the care of
one or two patients at her home; larg*
sunny grounds. 1400 Irvine st.. cor of
Baker. South Berkeley.
OFFICES AND STORES WANTED.
STORE with flat above; suitable for meat mar-
ket. ISO 2 Folsom st.
Ivi^v' PERSONA LS.
A SPECIAL discount of 50 per cent off. ;i.!
My usual reasonable prices for balance of
this month In order to reach the tourists: t
positively guarante« to restore the beautiful
contour of the fact: remove flabby and un-
sightly double chins by my own original, sci-
entific method: invr-stlgate immediately; con-
saltation and beauty booklet free.
11. ELLA HARRIS.
129 Geary «t
Remember. 50 per cent off this month only.
"REXRADIO" (instantly) made my totally
DEAF ear begin to hear: I know several
cureJ by him of CANCER, total DEAF-
NESS. GASTRITIS. DEAF-MUTEISM. etc.
"Broker." 2€« Kearny at., suite 809.
"REXRADIO'S" phenomenal "H'D RADIUM"
treatment for ALL supposed INCURABL3
diseases; NONE NEED DESPAIR. Free
consultation. Terms moderate. Hours. 2 to>
ft. 509 Kearny st.. suite 2.
STOUT LADIES, attention — Two competent la-
dles, pupils of Delsarte and Madam Priest,
will take a limited number of ladles, wish-
ing to reduce their superfluous flesh: full In-
formation. Call 1225 Geary st.. first floor, or
phone East 4461.
AT less than cost; uncalled fcr suits, over-
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*
Londnri Tailor. 721 Market st.
STAR hair remedy, tonic, restores color, cures
dandruff, stops falling; druggists, hatrdress-
ers. Star Remedy Co.. 821 Polk st.
NOTHING down. $1 a week to keep w»lt
dressed. Peerless Tailoring Co.. 231 Post st
8 BRAND new tailcr-made men's suits, cost
$23, for $f» 75. 440 Bush, nr. California Hotel.
50 ASSORTED souvenir postal carda prepaid
SOc. BACIOALfPI. 756 Mission St.
$1 A WEEK: suits to order $13 up. LEMO3.
1127 Market St.. between Seventh ft Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN ft CO.. 733 Mar.
PILES CURED. ~~
PILES. FISTULA, etc. — Cured to stay cured:
only humane cure; no knife, danger or hind-
rance- to business; TOCO cured; why not you?
no salve proposition: Investigate THOMAS
J. KISNER. M. P.. Columbian bldg.. S. F,
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— Alldls^
eases cured by Chines? herbs. 746-fl Clay at.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented: U. S. and foretirn:
patent law. F. P. MEDINA. 332 Market 'at.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
FOR SALE BY GEORGE K. FRINK.
Rooms 705-6. Union Tnist bldg.. 14 Montgom"y.
NE. corner Perry and Third sts. : 45x153 and
improvements, $60,000.
SW. corner Devlsadero and Jackson sts. :
67:8x137:8 and Improvements. $30,000.
Lot on north side of North Point «t. sOx
137:6. near Jones; $4500.
Lot on Dorth side of Fultcn st.. 100 east of
Polk; 120x120 to Austin St.; $45,000.
SE. corner Perry and Third sts.; 25x02.
with L; improvements; $.13,(X!0 i .
NE. corner Fifteenth ana Shotwell sts.; 33x
110. with L; half improvements: $12,500.
INSTALLMENTS.
Two lots. 11 and 13, on Waltham St.. near
Columbia place. Bernal Heights. $350 each.
Lot on east line of Wisconsin St.. near
Twentieth. Potrero: 23x100: $3<io.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO PROPERTY.
Lot -on 11th aye., near F st. ; 73x100; $300.
Lot on north side of Thirteenth aye.. near L
St.. South San Francisco. 150x100; $1800; will
subdivide.
Fifteenth aye. South, near S st.; 23x100;
CN. * H. Tract; $030.
Bayview Park lot. 50x150: 35th aye. ; $330.
Lot 50x100. SW. cor. 20th aye. and I st. ; $SOO.
Lot 73x100. N. side of 22d aye. South, nr.
K. $1000; will subdivide.
BUY ONE BEFORE
THEY ADVANCE IN PRICE.
?1 '-'5 PER. WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$225 tor choice lots. Excelsior Hcmestead
Tract; level as a billiard table: on grade;
close to <<choo! and Mission-st. electric cars;
bound to double In value.
$400 each en Installments of $10 per month:
no taxes: flne lots: near Ocean boulevard: b*st
residence location south of Golden Gate Park;
these are the cheapest lots in this district;
advancing in price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
26 Montgomery st.. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
$5750 — NEARLY completed and rented; sev-
eral two-story swell flats: close to main en-
trance to the Park and at other location*:
no objectionable light wells or inside rooms
in these flats and every room is and will b»
sunny; every known latest Improvement; 1»J
minutes from City Hall; 5 car lines; one
runs all night. Apply new buildings. Fifth
aye.. bet. Fulton and C sts.. from 2:30 to
5 p. m. '
BEAUTIFUL home: 7 rooms, bath, garden,
yard, very level: *i block Guerrero-st. cars;
lot 23x100; title perfect: rented for $13 30:
can be put in flats: worth $2S00; will sacri-
fice for $I*oo to make quick sale; first come.
first served: location 307 Faxton avenue.
Owner. 51-53 McAllister St.. near Market.
FOR sale; a bargain: $4000: was offered $4500
2 years ago — Property. 7 lajge sunny rooma.
bath, garden: lot 50x120; with HttJe chango
It could be made Into two 5-room flats;
rented $43 a month; no trouble renting It; to
.be seen this week only. Owner. 412 Forty-
fourth aye.. near Sutro Heights.
COf*K"Bt..'4 blocks south of Haight— A loole
at this block of artistic 7 and $ room homes
will convince you that you must have on»;
every one a bargain. ROUNTREE HOME
BUILDING CO.. 317 Montgomery st. \u25a0
$15 MONTHLY; small cash payment; 4-room
corner cottaee: lot 36x93 ft.: directly In
front cf the M!sslon-st. car line. OSCAR ,
HEYMAN A BROTHER. 113 Sutter st.
$1050— COTTAGE. 3. rooms; lot 31x100: $130
cash balance $15 per month. 1 per cent. In-
terest. Mission Realty Co.. 3297 Mission st.
FOR sale— soCO; a lot on 2Sth St.. bet. Church
and Dolores; 37:6x95. R. W. DENNIS. IS4O
Market st.
$6COO — 3 NEW flatsv one new cottage, on Guer-
rero st. car line; make an offer: owner leav-
Ing city.. Apply 3297 Mission st. .
DON'T build before investigating Marshall *
Steams' patent fixtures for apartments and
cottages. Aronson bids.. 94 Third st. '
FOR sale, cheap, modern flats; 340 Noe st.
Apply 1043 Nineteenth st.
$2SC0 — $2CO DOWN. $23 month: new. modern
cottage; warm belt. 3616 22d. nr. Church.
FREE — Our booklet on plumbing:: write AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbera. 536 Howard, st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sal*.
FOR hotel, sanitarium or beautiful home. My
home reserve and Chittenden Sulphur Springs
at Chittenden. Santa Cruz Co.. Cal. Only .
great' group of. medicinal sulphur-springs
easily accessible from 9. F. Trains atop at
Chittenden station within 300 feet of springs.
Fine climate, beautiful scenery, best part", of
State. $SOOO worth of Improvements, all new.
Great water right, fine water system, beau-
tifully landscaped grounds, every conveni-
ence; 36 acres choicest soil; a grand plac*
and - a great opportunity to make money.
Price $16,000. very easy term*. Owner. T.
CHITTENDEN. Chittenden. Cal. .
' WONDERFTJX, BARGAIN
In the famous Pajaro Valley: $6250: 112 Vi
acres rlcli land: only 3 miles out of Wafson-
ville; SO acres in full bearing fruit. . 30 acres
in grain. 7 acres timber; good! house, barn
and outbuildings; abundance of water; no.irrt-,
gatlon needed: this is a bargain la ever there
was one; worth $10. COO; Income $2300; return
**BUR"r-PADDON CO.. 40 Montgomery St..
San Francisco.
750— ONE acre; 4 miles from Haywards;
house, barn, fruit trees: 150 yards from
school: oil roads. -
$1200 8 acres; sandy loam: 3 acres black-
berries- new. hou»e: barn: chicken houses;
runnlnjr water: $400 cash; balance at 3 per \u0084
cent- a miles from town. MITCHENER &
CO-* 1C32 Market. st.
$150 TO $1300— Beautiful I sites;. T «t-
tages $140w and up; acreages a specialty;
new S-room flat; new cmtajres and other
property to rent. J.,E. LEWIS. Kentfleld.
Marln County. ' , \u25a0
WE lead 'them all for poultry ranches.
BATCHELOR * , STARKE. Peaagrove. 9o-
noma County. Cal. -, -'
Continued on Page- 14
1314
HI3AI- ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale.
FAWCETT& JOHNSON. 811 .'sines Flood BMg
.WTO Market ft., opp. The lirapt-iiutu.
Persons! Picpertv.
*W# sell on com.uUsion or by rrglntratlon.
Our registration trethod brinK* uuw-r «nd
seller in direct communication without cum-
mission.
W« -invite investigation.
We want your j:atronas<j
' F^^ EAIE A lF A l2^A J £tY^
. RANCHES BITKR-PADDOX CO. 40 Mont-
fcomery gt . San Franctfsp. Cai.
FLLLEK & DINWIDDIE, I'etaluma, Cal.:
chicken rar.chts specialty: write information.
• SAN MATEO HEAL ESTATE. £
1 HAVE c '"few choice building lots for sale at
Mlllbra*: ?200; $25 cash. $5 mo.: no interest:
maps circulars or further information. F. A.
BUNBAR. rm. 3(5. old Flood bids-. SCO Mkt
REAL STATK^___^_°;,
B\Y city property for first mortgage gold 5
per" cent bonds guaranteed by bank. Burr-
Paddon Company. 40 Montgomery st.
WANTED — Good income property. W. J. j
MORGAN 4 CO.. Investment Bankers. .D
New Mcmtomery st.
WANTED— SO to iCK) ft. frontace bet. I»n(l
W sts.. 27th and 47th ayes. Box SlO6 ca.l.
PROPERTY WAXTED. . ;
t-ET us submit your property to our cli«nte:
we have buyer* for city real estate ranging
from *2500 to $250,000. Call at our offices
or drop us a line »t_ting where our repre-
sentatives can see you.
S. TV. CROZIER COMPANY.
230 Crocker Bldg. Phone Main st>4.
ALA3IKDA ADVERT'S'M'TS"
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
PARK, 938 Alameda— Famished cott__»; 8
rooDi and' bath; gas _nd electricity.
ALAMEDA HOUSEKEEPIXG ROOMS.
TWO nicely furnished rooms for light house-
keeping SO2S Taylor aye.. near Ninth st-,
Alameda.
BERKELEY AI)VERT ? S ? _\TS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A SNAP.
$1500— 3-room cottage with bath, hot and cold
water; basement: all sewered; lot 9G_lt>6;
4 blocks to trains; all fenced; $200 cash,
balance $15 per month, including interest.
$1606— New 5-rcom cottage; porcelain bath, hot
anu cold water; 6 blocks to both trains;
2 blocks to electric car; $-00 cash, bal-
ance $18 per month, including interest;
large lot.
$3£'O — New e-room house, modern in every re-
spect; fine barn: corner lot. 50x133; 3
blocks- to both trains; see it if you want a
nice place.
A FEW SNAPS IN LOTS.
$175 — Lot 25_100; sewered; terms.
$2T>o— Lot 40x100; sewered; cash.
$275— Lot 33Vix130; street work all done.
$5<O — Lot 41x135; street work all done.
JTOO— Let 55x229: sewered.
$2000— Lot 80x135; N. W. corner Grove and
Rose sts.
$1400—^ acre of land and 76 fruit trees; 3
rocm ccttajre; large chicken-house; all
fenced: at Haywards.
$S2so— 10-room house that can be made Into
flats; enly 4 blocks to both trains; terms
if desired.
FO3 RENT.
?25— 5 nice rooms, all furnished. Including
piano; 4 blocks to both trains.
W. C. MORAN. South Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'M'TS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURXITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furniture,
H. Schelihaas, 11th st.. cor. etore, Oakland.
San Francisco Advert Vents
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice housekeeping rooms; also
e:a_l t rooms.
FOURTEENTH. 730— Handsome fur. rm». for
htkrg. ; sunny bay windows; water; laundry.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. C 27 —2 front connecting
. rooms; rent $16 00 per month; bath.
HOWARD. HSOU — Sur.ny housekeeping suites,
2 or 3 rooms; gay; bath; tubs; prtv. family.
JACKSOX. IESO— Front parlor, kitchen con-
, necting: also front alcove and kitchen, gas
rang*, bath and laundry.
JESSIE. 323 — Large housekeeping roomo; fur-
' nished; gag range; ?2. $2 50, $3 50 wk. each.
JONES. 507, corner OFarrell— Housekeeping
room?: nicely furnished; rent reasonable.
LARKIX. Bl7^£ — Nicely furnlsh'd sunny corner
\u25a0 room, witli eas stove; reasonable.
MARTHA place, 5. oft Geary, near Mason —
Floor 4 unfurnished rooms; no children.
OAK, 117. or 14 Page — Complete hskpg. ; gas
rantro free; hot bath, laundry: $1 25-$J 00 wk.
\u25a0 I'OL-K. 101S — Sunny front room, alcove and
kitchen; reasonable: no objection to children.
SIXTEENTH. 2U3e— 2 or 3 sunny front con-
ncoting housekeeping rooms; gas; bath.
TURK 13.-J2. near Fillmore — 2 Funny rooms,
furnished for housekeeping. $12.
, WILLOW aye.. S, off L_rkin. near Eddv — Two
rms.. furn. genl. h^kpg.; no children; $12.50.
Hoinrkeppine Rooms — Private House.
ELI.IS. I'll — Front bay-window suite, nicely
furnished; running water, bath; quiet; reas.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
tBTHER, 1419 Leavenworth. near Washington
— Open to-day, '10 to 4:30; greatest novelty
• ever got up for housekeeping: the conveni-
ence of 5 rooms in 2; see this without fail;
you can't afford to miss it; rents $30 to $35;
J\rst house of its kind in this city; call to-
day^
THE Vera Apartments. 1007 Bush st.. near
3ones; under entirely new management; new
ar.d thoroughly renovated; 2 and 3 room
« suites. Turn, or unfurn. for hskpg.;*also beau-
tifully furn. single rms. for gents; reas.
A— ST: LAWRENCE APARTMENT— New.
modern building; furn. or unfurn. apartments
J; 'cf 2. 3. 4 roonu; privat* baths; from SIS f>
g--!5. Phone Main Sl3O. 1335 Mason st.
A— KENIL WORTH, cor. Bash, Powell; 3-room
tunny aprts.: single rocmg; modern: reas.
DON'T rent till you «•* the Esther. 1419
Leaven worth; pee the eurprise; Just finished.
ARIEL flats. Ml Turk — 1-2-3-room bousekeep-
' mg apartments: Turn, or unfurn.: reasonable.
THE Frederick. 901 Etanyan— l to 5 room*
overlooking Golden Gate Park; tel. Pagf CT6B.
R£OMS^TO LET — Furn. and Infi.rn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth sU— Rooms
2Sc to $1 i«r night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
• light hoofcfkeej.iing rooms; open all night.
X^ THE PIERRE. 679 OFARRELL ! '
. r^autifully furnished, light, eunny suite;
&Iso elncle room; excellent care; low rent..
AT 'The Almonte." 573 Market Et. (or No I
Fifth tt.)— Rooms. 25c to 50c. fl. $1 50 night;
|I 3U to flO week; house open all night. ;
EDDY, 3«— Ohoice furnished rooms; location
of the best; reasonable terms.
BiCLMOND Hduse, ever Owl drug More- 2 en-
tri.nt*6. 1128 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
light?, running water in every room- 200
rooms; 25c to 50c »*»r night: $1 25 to $3 week.
• FIFTH aye.. 112ti — Furnished rooms to let.
FOURTH. -71— IOU rooms; all sizes and prices-
i.cw, modern; hot and cold -water.
GEARY. CCO— EU-gant eunny bay-window
rocm*; other roams; all cony.; homelike.
OKARV. 1044— Sunny furnished parlor and
kitchen. $20; also rccrriß with board.
CBA3CD SOUTHERN. Seventh and Mission—
100 rooms. 35c to $1 SO night; $1 50 to f 7 wk.
HARRIET. 1S5 — Two sunny furnished room*
. to let, S'.O month.
HAVES. «71-^Nice room for gentleman, with or
•without tooanS; privat* family; reasonable.
HOTEL Hamiltcn. 123 Ellis — New hotel. Just
opened; el»sts "A"; 6t*el buildinpr, strictly
fireproof; European plan; telephone and
\u2666team heat in every room; rooms without
bath. $1 p*r day; with bath, $1 50 to $3; re-
duced rates by week or month.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN, cor. F.lils end L#av-
enworth— 3Co rooms; modern and up to date;
light, sunny »nd airy:, hair mattresses; free
bathe; everything fresh and cUan; single
rooms and batht>; reesnnable rates.
HOWARD. 715 — Rooms. 25c tosl p*r day;
$1 50 to $3 j>er week; reading-room, etc.
HOWARD. 829— ROOMS. ROOMS: CLEAN,
CLEAN: TRANSIENT: REASONABLE.
HOWARD, 1126 (The Burton) — Fine new house
80 rocms; all newly furnished, with every
convenience: location central: rooms $1 25
TT_sk up: special Inducements to transients.
j ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unfurn.
JONES. 7CO-- Nicely furnished sunny front
.: rooms. V
LAKKIN. 804— Sunny single rooms for gentle-
;nrn; _as; $5 ami $<i 50 p°r ' month.
MJ-TTROPOLITAN HOTEL. 120 Third St. — 400
j-lngle and tamlly rooms, -iOc to $1 50 per day;
J-'J to ?s wet-k; the only new and modern
! hot«l and rooming-house in San Francisco
j that has office on ground lloor; hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, eteam beat
in every i«om, and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and niglU to its guests.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator and electric lights; unfurn. offices.
PARIS HOUSE. 820 Stevenson St.. off Tenth —
Light room;!. '$1 per week.
RIO VISTA Hotel. 253 Third st.. nr Howard —
New house with modern conveniences; rooms
en suite and single: rates by day 35c up:
by **yek, $2 up: baths free to guests.
SILVER; 126. near Third— 3 connecting rooms;
bath, yard; private' entrance ; cheap. .
SIXTH. 224 — Choice rooms, good location,
ciean; very reasonable. |
THE FLORENCE, 102 Ellis, corner Powell—
Rooms. 50c and upward; liret-class service;
special rates by week to families.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market — 400
room.«. -TOe to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week;,elec-
tric liKins (no gas), running water In every
room ; <:!evator. read. -room; free bus, baggage.
VAN NESS aye.. 813— Sunny side suite; ma-
hogany foldingbed^et^jbath^aarange^eto.
WOLF HOUSE, Sixth and Howard sts. — Best
known transient house in city; clean, neat;
charges reasonable; central location com-
ir.endk It to traveling public; cafe attached;
cars pass door. G. H. yon der Mehden, prop.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d st.. nr.- Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms,
35c to $1 50 nightly, $2 to $8 week; elevator;
«ieo. lights: reading-room: free bus, baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church st».
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
EDDY] mTr^frontTng Jefferson Park— Fine
furnished rooms; several unfurnished rooms;
table board if desired; very reasonable.
ELLIS, 453 — 2 or 4 gents can find fine room
and board; very reasonable.
JOHNSTON, THE. 605 O'Farrell — Sunny suites
and single rms; excellent board; references.
LIBERTY, 30 — Parlor suite. sing*le rooms, hot,,
cold waler. bath; excellent board. '
Old Stevenson Mansion. 807 California st. ; new
carpets and Interior; exceptional table: mod.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home Society hereby gives notice that they
have admitted In the orphanage from Jan-
uary 1. 1905. to June 30. 1905. the follow-
ing named orphans and half-orphans, boys
and girls, viz. : Max Rosinsky. aged 6 years
5 n-.onths: Isaac Rude, aged 7 years 11
months: Julius Rosinsky. aged 11 years 5
months; Abraham Barrow, aged 7 years 2
months; Edna Lando, aged 6 years 4 months;
Abraham Sheisky, aged 5 years 4 months;
Matilda Goldberg, aged 4 years 9 months:
Ida Nathan, aged 14 years 1 month; David
Abraham Nathan, aged 9 years 5 months;
Is&ac Nathan, aged 6 years 7 months; Eva
Friedman, aged 6 years 3 months: Irene
Batavia, aged 11 years 11 months; Clarence
Levey, aged 11 years 6 months; Sidney
Levey, aged 9 years 6 months; Annie Shef-
Ekv. aged 7 years 7 months: Isidore Greene-
berg, aged 10 years 10 months: Joseph Rude,
aged 10 years* n months; Pauline Rude, aged
8 years 5 months, and Philip Rude, aged 9
years 8 months.
SEWIXO MACHIKTES AND SUPPLIES.
WE shell sell at once 75 new White sewing
machines that are slightly shop worn at one-
third regular price. WHITE SEWING MA-
CHINE CO.. 915 Market st.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family uee; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand, $3. J5. $8; slightly
used, $10 $15 and $20. You know where
dolls swing in the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guarau-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission st.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st_, nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
UNION Square Transfer and Storage Co., 604
Van Ness aye. Phone East 448. Storage,
moving, packing; cut rates on freight.
CONKLIN'S storage; furniture and merchan-
dise; Golden Gsrte & Larkin; phone East 126.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
PIERCE — RODOLPH — Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Fillmore: tel. West 828.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STEA3I LAUNDRIES.
LAUNDRY of kinds only union help; prices,
rooming-houses, sheets and slips, 20c doz.;
towels. Vie each. Tel. SMITH. Howard 4011.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No.M
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. £36 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market
TO LEASE.
ANY portion of 60,000 square feet; best build-
ings in city; three street frontages; perfect
light and ventilation; all modern conven-
iences; within five minutes' walk of ferry
buildings. Postoffice, Wells, Fargo & Co. and
• Call office; -reasonable rent; if you want
what you are looking for see us. HUGH
KEEXAN CONSTRUCTION COMPANY. .30
Jessie St.. city. *
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for public buildings— Office of
the Ctu>f Quartermaster, San Francisco. Cal.,
July 28, 1905. — Sealed proposals, in triplj-
cat», subject to the usual condition*, will be
received at this office until 11 o'clock a. m.,
Pacific time, August 13. 1905. and then
opened in the presence of bidders, , for the
construction of a frame laboratory building
at the U. S. Hospital, Presidio of San Fran-
cisco. California. Information furnished on
application to this office. The United States
reserves the right to accept or reject any of
all bids received or any part thereof. En-
velopes containing proposals . should be in-
dorsed "Proposals for Laboratory, Presidio
of San Francisco. Cal.," and addressed to
Colonel WILLIAM S. PATTEN, Asst. Quar-
termaster General, U. S. A. •
PROPOSALS for subsistence supplies. Office
Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco, Cal ,
July 18," 1905. — Sealed proposals for furnish-
ing and delivering such quantities of sub-
sistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or such warehouses in San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. as per circular to be seen - at
this office, will be received here until 11
o'clock a, m., Friday, July 28, 1905, and
opened immediately thereafter in presence
of bidders. Specifications, general Instruc-
tions to bidders and blank forms of proposals
will be furnisn«d to established dealers- on
application to C. R. KRAUTHOFF. Major
Commissary.
REDEMPTION OF BOXDS.
NOTICE OF REDEMPTION OF FIRST
MORTGAGE 6 PER CENT SINKING FUND
TWENTY-YEAR GOLD BONDS OF THE
BOCA AND LOYALTON RAILROAD COM-
PANY.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on the
Ist day of October. 1905. eight (8) of the
flrst mortgage six (6) per cent sinking fund
twenty (20) year gold bonds of the Boca
and Loyalton Railroad Company, datea
. April 1. 1003, and secured by Deed; of Trust,
bearing the same date, made by said Boca
and Loyalton Railroad Company to the Mer-
cantile Trust Company of \u25a0 San Francisco as
Trustee, being bonds numbered one -d). to
eight <S) inclusive, will be redeemed and
paid at the office of said Mercantile Trust
Company of San Francisco, No. ' 464 Cali-
fornia street, San Francisco, California, by
the payment of the principal of said bonds
and each of them, and all Interest due there-
on en the eald let day of October. " 1905
together with a premium, of ten (10) per cent
upon the princloal of raid bonds and each
of them. Said bonds numbered - one (1) to
eight <S) Inclusive. - and each of \u25a0 them, are,
in accordance with the terms and conditions
of said bonds and , deed of trust, hereby
called for payment upon said Ist day ol
October. 1905. and Interest upon said bonds
and earh of them, will cease from and after
' said. date. . ..
Dated San Francisco. July 27. 1805 " •
MERCANTILE THUST COMPANY OF SAN
' ' FRANCISCO. r oa«
BY FREDERICK W. ZEILE, President.
• LEGAL, NOTICES.
THE undersigned beg to inform the public at
large and whomever It may concern that
they have purchased the "Washington Ho-
tel," 14 Washington et.. from Frank Roaales
and Mrs.. Maria Pena Rosales, free from all
debits or credits. The actual . DroDMetor« '
therefore, inform the public that from Mon-
day, July 31, they ..will not be responsible
for any unsaid . account. 8. . G ALLO v N
GORT. . ' ' "
THE SAN PRANGISGO CALL, FRIDAY, :JULYe2B, 1905.
CARDS A3VD INVITATIONS.
ENGRAVED wedding Invitations.; visiting and
business cards, crest, etc. ;: high-class work *t
moderate rates. J.H.Duncan,l2a Kearny.r.l-2
,fIAHKI AGE LICENSES.
i .the following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Andrew Solari, 2C, Sl4 . Montgomery St., and
Clementina. Mozzlni, 11). 814 Montgomery et. .
Alfred Abdale, K5, 112s Powell etreet, and
Annie Fox, 24, 142S Powell street.' . ,
William Buhlmann, 25, 143 Seventh street;
and Rosa Gold, IS, » 11C3 'Mission street.
George J. Smith, 31, 15;>3 Treat ' avenue, and
Kathleen V, Foye, 2-i, 20 Coso avenue. \
Daniel J. Gallaghui, 21, Point Reyea, and
Ellen J. Kyan, 18, Point Reyes: "V
Emlle C. Cointe, 21, 1505 Stockton . street,
and Eva J. Gagiiardlnl, 19, 6V_ Union place.
Henry Rhine, 37. lliiS Jackson street, and
Adflene B. McN<?rney. 2S, 1442 Mason street. ..
Joseph L. Sayies, 20, Sacramento, and Hat-
tie Brad way, 38, Sacramento.
Owen Buckland, 48, 1532 Taylor street, and
Julia G. Poyzer. 42, Alameda.
John J. Stafford, 21, I B<J2' Broadway, ' and
Ruby I. Newlin, 21, 793 O'Farrell etreet. .
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriase and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted elmply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge. - . ?oM%%si^r.
BORN.
CORNELL— In this city, to the wife of G.
E. Cornell, a son.
HOUGH— In Alameda, Cal., July 26, 1905, to
the wife of Charles L. Hough, a son.
MARRIED.
DALE— FOLSOM— In this city, .July 18, 1005.
at the First Baptist Church, by th« Rev.
Henry M. Davis, James Dale and Florence
JOST— WITZKY— In this city, July 26, 1905,
by t»»e Rev. William N. Meserve, Charles
Frederick Jost and Hattle Witzky, both of
San Francisco. .
SCHWEITZER — MEISSNER —In this city,
July 24, l»05, by the Rev: Paul Branke.J.
Frank Schweitzer of Fullerton, \u25a0 Cal., and
Julia All&e Mcissner of Toledo. Ohio.
DIED.
Dasmann, Elizabeth L. McGrath, John, 19
Fabbris, William. 39 Patten, Henry T., 53
Flanagan, Jas Ed, 58 Petterson. Captain Os-
Graham, Ellen, SS car W., 42 -; >*'.;v
Hanson, John 0.. SO Phelan, James, . 70
Haven, Cornelia Thompson, Agnes P.
Hirechfeld. David, 62 Welsenborn, limilio, 81
Hurlburt. Thou. 8., 86 Wlnton, Harry S., 17
Kofoid, Reuben N., 24 Wolf, Benjamin, 34
McMaster, Mary J., 25 Yunker, Winnlfred, 24
DASMANN— In this city. July 27, 1905, Eliza-
beth Louise, beloved wife of Frederick W il-
lia-i Dasmann, a native of New Orleans, La,
FABBRIS — In the City and County Hospital,
July 27, 1905, William Fabbris, a native of
Italy, aged 89 years. '.^'yi-j--
FLANAGAN— In this city, July 27, 1905.
Janies Ed, dearly beloved husband of the
late Margaret Flanagan, and father of John,
Frank and Mamie Flanagan, a native of
Scotland, aged 5S years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral on Sat-
urday, July 20, at 8:45 o'clock a. m., from
the parlors of Valente, Marinl & Co., 1524
Stockton street. thence to St. Francis
Church for services at 9 a. m. eharo. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GRAHAM— In this city. July 25, 1905, Ellen
Graham, mother of James H. Graham, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged S8 years. .
CT-Funeral services will be held at her
late residence. 1257 McAllister street, Friday,
at 10 a. m. Interment private. Please omit
tiowers .
HANSON— In this city, July 27, 1905, John
\u25a0 0., beloved husband of Sarah Hanson, father
of Henry W. and Joseph S. Hanson, and
stepfather »f John H. Bannister, a native
of FredrlksUd, Norway, aged 80 years 1
month and ? 2B days.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 a. m., from the parlors of
Craig, Cochran & Co., 429 Golden Gate ave-
nue, between Polk and Larkin Btreets. - In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HAVEN— In this city, July 27. 1905. at her
residence, 2639 Sacramento street, between
Stelner and Pierce, Cornelia Haven, beloved
wife of the late John D. Haven, and mother
of Albert R. Haven of Rochester, N. V., Nel-
lie E. Haven and Mrs. Annie K. Shaw, a na-
tive of New York.
HIRSCHFELD — In Alameda, Cal.. July 26,
1905, David, dearly beloved husband of
Emma Hlrschfeld. .and brother-in-law of
Louis Saroni of San Francisco. Henry Sa-
roni of New York and Blanca Herz of Brus-
sels, a native of Germany, aged 62 yearß
1 month and 5 days. (New York papers
please copy.)
E^Frlends and acquaintances - are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of Louis Saroni. 1309 Van \ Ness ave-
nue. Cremation at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HURLBURT— In this city, i July 26, 1905
Thomas B. Hurlburt, a native of Vermont'
aged Sti years.
KOFOID— In Berkeley, Cal., July 27. ' 1905,
Reuben N. Kofoid, dearly beloved eon of
Nelson and LlbbyJ. Kofoid, and brother of
Charles A. and Herbert C. , Kofoid and Mrs.
Nellie I Dillon of Chicago, a native lof
Granville, Illinois, aged 24 years 4 months
and 2 days.
McGRATH— In this city, July 26, 1905,' John,
dearly beloved son of Janies and Margaret
McGrath, and brother of Thomas L., Mylee,
William and George McGrath, Mrs. J. Hunt,
Mre.' P. H. Vahey and the late James Mc-
Grath, a native of San Francisco, aged : 19
years 7 months and 26 days, t
McMASTER— In Alameda, Cal., July 20. 1905,
Mary J.. beloved wife of Joseph McMaster,
and elster of Thomas E., John and George
Kane, a native of San Francteco, aged 25
years.
PATTEN— In Santa Cruz, Cal., July 23, lOCS,
Henry T. Patten, a native of Edinburgh,
Scotland, aged 53 yeare.
PETTERSON— In Fort Stanton, N." Mex., July
24. 1905, Captain Oscar W. Petterson of
Berkeley, Cal., : beloved husband of Jennet
Petterson, and stepfather of Upton Maher
and Allison Yonge, a native of Stockholm,
Sweden, aged 42 years and 4 months.-
PHELAN— In this city, July 26. 1905, James,'
beloved husband of Mary Phelan, and loving
father of James, John and Fred Phelan, Mrs.
E. Myer and Mrs. John Stevens, a native of
Ireland, aged'7o years. :-. ,:
C7Friends and acquaintances .are respect-
fully invited to attend -the funeral to-day
(Friday), July 28, at 9 o'clock a. m., from
the residence of Ills daughter, Mrs. John
Stevens, 2932 Sacramento street, thence- to
St. Dominic's Church, where a requiem- high-
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
1 soul, "commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In this city, July 26, 1905, . Agnes
• P. - Thompson, beloved mother of George C.
Thompson, and elster of Mrs. E. C. Hopper
and R. M. and Matt Clarken. (Sacramento
papers please copy.):;
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 1722 Larkin i street; thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where , a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock, i Interment Holy'
Cross Cemetery.
WEISENBORN — In this city, July 28, 1905, at
her residence. 2740 Lombard 6treet, Emllie,
beloved i wife of the late Frederick Welsen-
born, a native. of Germany, aged 81 years 7
months and 1 day.
CyThe funeral services will- be- held"- to-
day (Friday), at 1 o'clock p. •'; m., ;• at the
chapel of the Odd Fellows' Cemetery. .
WINTON— In Oakland, Cal., "July 12, IPOS,
Harry Strobrldge, beloved son of F. C. = and
, J. S. Wlnton. aged 17 years and 7 months.-
WOLF— In this city, * July 20. 1005, Benjamin,
beloved husband of Fannie ' Wolf, father .of
Harry and Bertha Wolf-/ and. brother of Mrs.
R. Marks end the late Meyer Wolf, a native
of Austria, aged 34 years. A member of
Applewood Camp No. 606, W. of W. ;: Tem-
plar Lodge. I. O O. F.. andChevra Shara
Refooha. (New York. New Salem and Los '
'Angeles papers please; copy.) '•\u0084,:';'.'
!E7"Frlends and \u25a0 acquaintances are'respect-
„ fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
, (Friday), July 28, at 10 a. m., from his late
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & ; Gallagher )
DANIEL Pr DONOVAN." Mgr" "
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20' Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School. '
/:.-. " Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
1 ———Funeral Directors ', arid Embalmera" ' -
Formerly in . Metropolitan Temple
NOW at 866 MISSION. Tel.' South 167 ;
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth at 3
. Finest Equipments .at • Moderate j Rates. , . - ,
i H. P. PETERScIN & CO.
Funeral Director- and Emhalmrrx,
228 McAllister St., opposite City Hall.
"jt v '.•\u25a0'\u25a0 Telephone South; 340. '.-"-,.•".__..
.-; James '\u25a0 McGinn. • , Henry. Hansen. , .
;, JAMES McGINN & - CO., r '
' Formerly With' McGinn Bros.
* — —Funeral- Directors and : Embalmers -
214 Eddy . st: \u25a0 Tel. ; East 86. . 1 :
PL.OTS \u25a0 '
In Odd Fellows', and Masonic ; Cemeteries can be
- .; exchanged * for." Plots; in" \u25a0 ...
31 T.* "OLIVE T ., € CEMETERY.
For particulars ;' apply i at "City Office,' \/
GRANT BLDG.. MARKET & SEVENTH STS.
residence, 620 Stevenson street. -\ near ._ Sev-
enth. ; Interment Salem Cemetery.,- via- 11:30
.'\u25a0 train, from Third and Townssnd streets, r
YUNKER— In this city, July 27. 1005, Wlnni-
fred- Stella, dearly >beloved wife .of Louis
-Yunker; : devoted mother * of -Walter -R.
Yunker. "daughter of William and Martha
Daniels, 'and -sister of Mrs. Tlmms. Mrs.
- Taton* and < Albert N. Daniels, a native -of
San Francisco, aged 24 years. ________
W O O !>____ v v w Ci_M_i;T--K Y
\u25a0 '\u25a0'-'\u25a0- San Mateo ' County. •
MASONIC- CK3IETERY ASSOCIATION,
586 James Flood Building, S. F. - .
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 15.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District.
Bld.Ask.l- \u25a0'.'., -^ V. \u25a0 Bid.A«k.
Belmont ..... 1151 20 MacNamara. . - 4o 41
Boston Ton . . 13 ID| Midway 1501 52
Brgr's JB Ex — lSjMizpah Ex ... 12 14
California ... 05 10 Mont -Ton ... .3 CO 302
Cash 80y'. .. 16 18 Mon Plttsburg .18
Colehan ..... — 10 Monitor 02 —
Eula Con ... — 17 N V Ton Con. 19 20
Gold Anchor.. 03 05 North Star.... 54 55
Golden Gate.. 15 — Ohio Ton 30 32
Gold Mt ..... 12 13 Red Rock Ex. ' — 15
Gold Mt Con. ,. — 02 Rescue . .". . . .". 07 08
Great . Weetrn 02 04 Ton Exten . ..5 00 550
Ind Tonopah.. 01 03 Ton Home Con 08 : 09
Home 06 07 Ton Sly & Old 15 —
Jim Butler .. 76 77 Ton of Nev. l3 60 14 00
J Butler Ex. — 20 United Ton ..-\u25a0 — 04
IJttle Ton ..2 00 2 50 West End ...1 00 1 08
Lucky Tom... — 04 -:;>-\u25a0:'
Goldfleld District.
Adama ...... 04 05 Highland ...:.— 26
Atlanta 08 09 Jumbo M Co. . 78 - 75
Aurora 10 12 Jumbo Ex ... it 17
Black Ants ..— 01 Juno •• — 03
Black Butte.. 28 20 Kendall ...... 18 14
Blk Butte Ex 03 04 Kendall Ex .. — 10
Blactf Rock.. 02 03 Lone Star ... 10 12
Blue Bell ... 04 05 Lucky Star \u0084 — 04
Blue Bull ... 12 13 May Queen .. 18 20
Brooklyn .... 01 02 Mohawk ..... 15 20
Butte Gldfld.. \u25a0«- 56 Nevada Boy .. 13 —
Bull & Bear. 02 03 Nev Goldfleld. — 15
Booth M Co.. 08 — Nev Southern. — 12
COD 25 — Oakes — 10
Columbia .... 14 15 Oakland ..... — 10
Columbia ML 16 19 Oro .......... 05
Conqueror ... 15 22 Pennsylvania.. — 02
Diamond 10 — Potlatch — 10
Diamondfleld. 36 — Red Lion .... 03 04
Dixie 16 17 Red Top 33 —
Empire 05 —Red Top Ex.. 01 04
Exploitation:. — 04 Sandstorm 60 62
Fawn 06 — Sandstorm Ex. 09-13
Frisco .-•"- — \u25a0 10 Sherman — 25
Gold Dust .;. — 00! Silver Pick .. 10 12
Gold Hill ... — 04|Simmerone ... ' — 30
Goldfleld Mln. 55 67 St Ives ...... 16 18
Gld & G Reed — * 10! Treasure 06 10
Gldfld. Rand.. 05 06' Verde 02 Oi
Goldfleld Ton., — 03 Vernal 03
Great Bend ./ — 10 Wonder 02 -03
Hibernia .... 10
' Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... 08 10! Eclipse 28 29
Amethyst — l«; Gold Bar .... 28 —
Blar \u25a0Bullfrog. 12 — iGldfld Bullfrog — 04
Bonnie Clare. 95 1 10 LJge Harris... 02 -03
Bullfrog Mln. — 87 Mont Bullfrog. 07 08
Bullfrog Anx. 03 04 Orfg Bullfrog. 24 26
Bullfrog Com- 07 10! Red Dog 14 —
Bullfrog Ex.. 18 * 20 Shoshone ..... 10 —
Blf rg Jumper. — 11 Shoshon B Gld 25 —
Bullfrg NBk 26 28 Stelnway >17 18
Den Bullfrog. 23 24 Ventura ...... 11 12
Den BlfgA&x — 06 Vista Grande.. — 03
Dmdfld Trngl. — 25|Wolverlne 05 10
.Other Districts.
Brown Hope.. 15 16 Paymaster ... 03 04
Esperanza... — 01 Quincy ....... 03 05
Gold Reer M. — 25 Ray & O'Brien 06 07
Gold Reer El — 26 Rothwell — 2G
Kawich &B. — 13| Silver Peak .. — 17
Kawich Gold. — 05| Southwestern.. — 48
Kawich MCr — 15 Sylvania — 20
Lida Hawk .. — 29|Tokop Con ... — 08
- TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
\u25a0 Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange . yesterday:
9 :30 a. m. Session.
1200 Cent Eur«>ka..l 15|S00O Nat Bank .... 27
200 Challenge ... '24 400 Ophir ........6 75
500 Con Va M Co.l 3012500 Orig Bullfrog. 1«
2000 Dlamondfield. 38 200 Savage ..... C 9
1000 Dixie 16 1700 Ton Blmont.l 174
200 Dixie ........ 17 4500 Ton N Star... 55
500 Gold Anchor.. 95 500 N Star, b 10. 53
300 Mexican 130 1600 N Star, s 10 53
600 Mont Ton . ..3 05
11' a. ; m. Session.
1500 Blue 8e11,b60. 05| 200 Ton Blmont.l 17%
300 Challenge ... 25i 200 Ton, G Mt. slO 13
-300 Con Va M.I 27*._j 800 Ton^Mdwy.slO.l 50
1000 Home' i...;\. 0(3 100 TonsNev ,bS.IS 75
2500 Home Con .. 0»|3000 N Star s 10. 55
1000 Jim Butler .. 75 1000 Ton N "Star 55
100 Ophir 6 75 400 Union C0n. . . .' 41
2000 Orlg Bullfrog. 25 500 Yellow Jacket. 23
700 St Ivcs 16 •-
\u25a0 : 2 p.' m. Session. . ' •
1000 Blue 8e11.b60. 15 200 Sierra Nev 27
800 Con Va M.I 2~\t> 2500 St Ives ...." 16
Horns .. 06 500 Ton,' Blmont.l 17 \c,
SCO M'Nmra, b 10 41 200 Ton Midway. ..1 60
.500 Mexican .... .1 30 7000 Ton N' Star 55
600 Mont Ton ...3 05 7000 Ton N Star. [[ 56
800 Mont T0n,510.3 00 10,000 N Star b 00 53
JOOO JJft Bank ... 28| ,100 Union C0n. ... 4t
1500 0r0...... 32 SOO West End... 1 02W
15«0 Orlg Bullfrog. 25 500 West End b3O 1 05
100 Savage .. en \u25a0\- ' X
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Comstocks.-
Bid.Ask. ! -'\u25a0:,.. Bid Ask
Andes ....:.. 19 21 Hale & Norc.l 601 G5
Belcher 15 — Mexican ....127% 130
Best & Belch. 125 —Occidental . 125 —
Challenge ... 20 — Ophir : . . . fi 75
Chollar - 19 20 Savage 68
Con Va. M Co.l 25 — Sierra Nev 28
Con Imperial. — 01 14 Silver Hi 11 .... 90 —
Exchequer ... 50 — Yellow Jacket. 21 —
Gould & Cur. 18 19 Union Con 45 _
. Tonopah District.
Belmont 1 15 1 20 Mlzpah Ex- 15
California ... 07 — Mont Ton ..3 00 3 0714
Cash Boy ... — 18 NY Ton Con. 20 21
Gold Anchor.. 94 North Star...." 65 kr
Great Westrn — Oi}£ Ohio ..... ' 82 —
Home •; . .05^ 06'/^ Paymaster ..." — 04
Home Con .. 08 09 Rescue ..... on
Ind Tonopah..; 01 01%' S Nev bey.. _ 17
Jim Butler .. 75 — | Ton Extern ... 3 25 -1
Lucky Tom... — 17jTon of Nev.. —15 00
MacNamara. . 39 41 United Ton . . — 15
Midway .....1 47^4 —j West End ... 85 _
Goldfleld ; District.
Adams . .04% 05H Jumbo Ex ... 18 * 20
Black Butte.. 27 33 Kendall ...... 12 'Vi
Blk Butte, Ex — 04% Lone Star ... — 17
Black Rock.. 01% 03 May. Queen .. — «i
Blue Bell ... — 06; Mohawk ; . . ... — *n
Blue Bull ... 11 18! N«v Goldfleld. 13' —.
Brooklyn .... 02 05 Or o ..........— f)4
Columbia Mt. 20 — Pa . Goldfleld . . — -02
Diamond :— . 15 Red Lion ....; — 05
Diamondfleld. — : 40 *>r<l Ton JW so
Dixie ........ 15 171 Red Top Ex" 03 _
Frisco .......— 20!stIve8 ...... 14 17
.Gldfld G Dust 10 — Sandstorm .... — 70
Gldfld L Star — OS Sandstorm Ex. — 11
Goldfleld Nev. 06 68 Silver Pick .. 09 12
Jumbo. M Co. 73 — Simmerone ..: 20 —
Bullfrog District. - .
Amargosa ... — 10 Mont Bullfrog. 08 10
Beatty Blfrg. — 11 Orlg, Bullfrog. 24 26
Bu Jfroß- Anx. —|g 07 Llge Harris. ... — 02%
Bullfrog BPlle 08 — Shoshone ..... 10 —
Bullfrog Mln. — 90: Vista Grande.. — 12"
Bullfrg NBk 27 . — Wolverine .: . . — 11
Eclipse ......—, 82! ..
' Other Districts.
Brown Hope.. -16 -17 Ray & O'Brien . 05% 08
Esperanza ... 00% 01 Rothwell ..... _ o"i
Free Gold ... — 15 Silver Peak .. — 21
Gold^lt Con. — 02 Ton Berkeley.. — 20
Kawich. Gold. — 10 Ton Gold Mt.. 13 —
Pine Grove .. 20 25 -
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
N THURSDAY,' JULY 27.
'_ City .md County of San Francisco to • Theo- r
•lore S. A. and Anna Kast,- lot on N. line of
Oak street, 27:« E of Gough, E 27:6 by N 95;
Thomas E. Martin to Elezebeth A. Martin
lot on SE corner of :OT«rrell and: Laguna
streets, E 25 by s; 90; gift. .
City and County. of San Francisco to Lorretta
M. Carroll, lot on S line of Fell etreet.- 110 W
of Buchanan, W 45:10 by S 120; $— — .
and Louisa iHagmaier to Caroline H.
Robinson. lot on S line of Haight street, 90:6
E of Fiilmore.E-75.byS 137:6; $10.
Frank C. Birch to Central Trust' Company,
undivided third of ; lot , en ; N line :of /California
street, 150 E of ,; Devisadero, \u25a0 E 75 by N 137 :6,
and property of company;, $10. . . ;
; Fn.dorlck W. and Louise M.' McCsnn to Solo
mon.Bloom, lot-on SMlne of. Jackson \u25a0 etreet.
176:9:E of Cherrj-, E 29:6 by S 127:8%; $10.;
Wilbur v S. and Henrietta \u25a0 B.'.West \u25a0to Henry
D.' Hawks,; lot on E Una of Treat avenue, 95 S
"f Twentieth street," S 25 by E 122:6; $10. .X
:." William and s Ida ! Oszdorrf ito i Joseph • Flach, •
lot on NE llr.e of; Dorland Btreet. : 114 :0i4 E »of
Church, N- 157:6, E 24, S 159:2 5-16."' NW
24:0%; $10. : . ••.. ;: - \u25a0'.\u25a0.'..--;•. \u25a0.'..--;• ..-.; \u0084-\u25a0;\u25a0>.;.\u25a0 ;.:.,.;;...\u25a0,
- Mary \u25a0 R> ; Klpp 'to * Anton & Lena \u25a0 Pfandler/
lot on E line: of Castro street,' loo Sof Eight
eenth, S 24 by E- 125: $10. > ' .
•"\u25a0- John and Leora P.Pyne to Charles G. Stuhr,
lot nn \V .lino of Church street, 39 S of Clipper. •-
525 by.W f5;$10: ; . * . ; : ; r «:
' Louis T. "{ Samuels -.to ' George \u25a0 D. •\u25a0 and ' ; Frank
M. ; Greenwood.Jloton-.N,'lme ofiHarlan^ place,*
150:5. ,W- of Grant avenue,' N 58,; E 22:11. N;
0:0V4. '. W 23 :2t4, , S to ; Harlan place, E 0:5% ;
$10. -". -. \u25a0 '.. \u25a0'.. . ..--\u25a0\u25a0'.';-. '; -\u25a0'.. . .V..-..-.- ' - \u25a0'..' -•\u25a0...'
\u25a0_\u25a0:. Henry.- E. and : Jennie iW. Bothin' to , E. : A. -
Selfridgp. lot' on NE line of . Spear street. 183:4
NW of Howard.'.NW, 4s:lo by NE ! GO; $— — \u0084 .:
• - Hi-nry » P. * UnA s Cora Mr* Wlckersham ito * Wil-p
Jiam H. .Wickereham,": lot on i NWi line I of . Bran
nan street, 295 NE ' of • Fourth.^ NE 20 , by ' NW;
So;>s- .\u25a0>-•,. \-:-f \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 V-..-;--.- - ;^;~ ,=:- ;: A^ v -J^-j: \u25a0
; \u25a0\u25a0 City ' and . County of . San '\u25a0 Francisco 1 to « Ma- '\u25a0
cellin ' and ; Marie . Carroul. lot on . W "corner ; oi :
SAYS HIS PALS
DEFRAUDED HIM
Eugene Sullivan Protests
He Did Not Get Divvy
in Naturalization Scandal
LED TOJAIL, HOWEVER
Secret Agent Taylor Works
Actively and Insists on
; High: Bail for Prisoners
; Another capture was added yesterday
by.? United States Secret Service Agent
Richard H. Taylor to his collection in
the City Prison awaiting trial for per
jury in the -fraudulent naturalization
cases. The new..; prisoner Is Eugene
Sullivan, formerly a \u25a0 collector for the
State ) Board of Harbor Commissioners.
The arrest was" made personally by
Agrentt Taylor. Sullivan was drunk
when : the ag-ent found him, and all the
way to the office of the United States
Marshal Sullivan protested that the
money which was the price of the
perjury had been collected by Frank
Johnson, now under arrest in the same
matter, and that Johnson had refused
to pay him his: rigrhtful' share. Sulli
van's bail was fixed at $5000, in default
of which he was taken to the City
Prison; •\u25a0;-. •\u25a0•..
The -complaint against Sullivan
recites that on Aug-ust 22, 1904, he
swore in Judg-e Kerrig-an's court that
he had known Christen Klltgraard. an
applicant for citizenship, to have re
sided within the United States for five
years, when, in fact, Sullivan knew
that Klitgaard had not been in this
country for more than five months.
Sullivan is married and resided with
his wife at 518 Van Ness avenue.
The;; examination of Frank Johnson
and Gustave Holmgren was held yes
terday before - United States Commis
sioner. Heacock.- They were accused
of perjury in the matter of the applica
tion of Frank Werta for citizenship
in Judge Kerrigan's department of the
Superior Court. They were held for
trial and their bonds Were fixed* at
$5000, in default of which they were
taken to the City Prison. Bert Schles-
Ing-er, of. counsel for the defendants,
asked that bail should be reduced to
a sum / which the prisoners would be
able to secure« but the motion was "de
nied, , Ag-ent Taylor announcing- openly
that .if the prisoners should be re-"
lease* upon any bail whatever he
would at once rearrest them.
Folsom and Moss streets, Sff 55, NW SO, BW
25, NW 25, NE 80. SE 105; $10.
I Charles and Mabel B. Schlesringer to Edward
J. Tobtn, lot on SE line of aiarket street. 350
SW of Sixth, SW 24:11*4. SE 165, NE 25:0%,
NW 105 and lands adjacent; $ .
\u25a0 Henry P. and Cora WlcKersham to \u25a0William
H. Wlckersham, lot on W line of Texas street,
200 N of Mariposa, N 25 by W 100; $10.
Mark I. and Phoebe G. Hart to. A H. and
Elise Heltmeyer. lot on "W line of Fourth
avenue, 125 8 o f Lake street,. S 25 ' by W 120;
$10. y
William and Agnes B. Mullaney to Bern
hard Getz. lot on E line of Twenty-fourth
avenue 225 S of Clement street. S 50 by SI
120; $10.
. Anita M. Hlncelot |to Bernardo B. Soberanes,
lot on W line of Seventh avenue, 225 N of A
; Btreet, N 25 by w 120; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Alexander M.
Paton, lot on N line of C street, 70 E of
Thirty-eighth avenue.: E 25 by N 100; also
lot onE line of Twenty-third avenue 250 If
of C street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Anna M. Harris to Oliver A. Harker, lot
on •S -. line of S street, 67 :6 W of Forty-sixth
avenue. WJ 25 by S 100. quitclaim' deed; $1. •
Oliver A. and. Kate. A. Harker to James
Brown, lot on 8 line of 8 street, 57:6 W of
Forty-sixth avenue, W 25 by S 100; $10.
Nathan D. Newman to Alfred Newman, lot
on SW corner of Twenty-fourth avenue and
Q street, W 107:6 S 100. W 12:6, S 25, E
120, N 125; $10.
i Solomon and Dora Getz to Theklay H.
Kiel nclaus lotion NW corner of Forty-sixth
avenue and U street. W 57:6 by N 100; $10.
Mary J Mason to John J. Griffin, lot on
NW'llne of San Francisco and Ban Jose Rail -
road, 100 SW of Plymouth avenue (Marengo).
N to point on 8 line of Sagamore street, .175
W of Plymouth, W 135, S 103:9, NW 148,
lot 6. block 'B. Railroad Homestead Associa
tion; $10.
S. Ducas Company . to Leopold Welnsteln,
lot on SE line of Naples street. 150 NE of
India,- NE 150 by SE. 100, lot 3,' block 51,
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
•Leopold and Sarah Welnsteln to Jacob Hey
man Company, same; $10. \u25a0
J. C. and Pauline Rued to Burnett Building
and Loan Association, lot on E line of MIUI
ken street, 1G5:8 S of Sunnydale avenue, N
300 by E 105:S: $10.
• H. P. ' Platt to California Title Insurance
and' Trust Company, lots 3 to 5, block 2S,
Sunr.yslde H $100.
Henry G. Ireland to John Ireland, lot S3,
block 13, City Land Association; $50.
Alameda County.
David and Catherine KcCarron (wife) to
Laura L. Williams- (wife of < Tobe), lot onE
line of Chestnut street, 233:4 S of - Thirty
fourth. 5.33:4 by E: 128:3, portion- lot 4, block
675. Watts Tract, Oakland; $10.
Lenora M. Harrison (wmow) to Erall C.
Hahn, lot on E line of Peralta street. 141:1 \i
S of West Eighth, S 32:4tf, E 114:3%, N3l,
W 105:3 to : beginning, Oakland; $10. ' '/':•\u25a0
Mary A. Lemon (widow) to Janet E. Ware,
lot *\u25a0 25 feet on Broadway by 75, being • lot 2,
block 31. Kellersberger's map, Oakland; gift.
Hermann Knoche (single) to J. T. Hinch,
let on E line of Filbert Btreet, 180:10. S of
Twenty-first, E'125:2 to Intersection with line
midway between and parallel with Myrtle and
Filbert streets, thence S along eald . midway
line Ito - point \u25a0 distant \u25a0- thereon 151 :2 N from
intersection with Enclnal line; W 125 to point
on E line of Filbert street 141:9 N from In
tersection with said- Enclnal line, N 52 to be
ginning. Oakland; $10. /-_
Danler and Adelaide Robertson to Peter and
Eleslbeth Brueck, lot beginning at point 37 :6
W of Intersection of ' East Tenth street ' and
Twenty-seventh avenue. W 37:6 by N 10O..be
ing W half of lots 13.M4 and 15, block L,
Knowles & Potter subdivision of Kennedy
Tract, East Oakland; $10. \u25a0 / -
Fred J. Stoer (single) to R. E. Nickel, lot on
8 line -of Aldatraz avenue, 150 E of Calais
(Occidental) street. E 50. 3 137:4 to SE corner
lot 4 "W 50 to SW corner thereof, N 137 : to
beginning lot 4, block B, .Paradise. Park, Berke
ley; $10.. ; y * ' '•\u25a0 " \u25a0"\u25a0-
A I and Etta B. Good friend to Elvera M.
Plneo (wife of C. 8.).. lot 7. block E. Tuohy's.
second •- addition to Berkeley, Oakland Town-.
Helen S. French (widow) to Charles E.
French lot on N = line of Pacific avenue, 100 E
of Wood street, E 140 by N 150, > tots 5 to 9,
and portion lot 10, block 4, Chapln Tract, Ala
meda; $10. ••\u25a0''-.. -.-.'.- : . \u25a0
Charles E. and Emma L. French ; to Arthur
Becker, lot on N line of Pacific avenue, 190 E
of Wood street,' E "SO by N 150 ; to beginning, ;
block 4, Chapln Tract, Alameda ; , $10.
Scenic' Park Realty Company to William? F.*.
Morrlsh, lot 4, block 3., Santa Fe Tract ? No. 8,
Berkeley: $10. . .
E E.,Walcott = (widower) to Lenora M. Har
rison.- lot \u25a0on N- line of- Goss street, 80:7}_ E
of Pine, E- 25 by N "75:4%. lot 16, block. 30,
land on Oakland Point (railroad ferry landing),
Oakland (first party reserves : right to be • sup
plied with .water from ; well and ; tank on said
premises during his natural life; said . reserva
tion .to -be -.considered; v an. easement with
said land, etc.); $10. -: , : "' : \u0084' -i.
* Pledmontv Building -Association to Alton C.
Jackson, lot 22 and SW 20 feet of lot 21. block
D, map 2, Highland Terrace, Oakland Town
* Charles" W Thornburg (widower) , to Julia
Lemmer.'lot "on -W. line of ' Wood: street, 1 - 110 S
of Lincoln, S-25by : W 92 :6. portion .< of lots
11 and 12. block 402. plat and subdivision of
block - 402, Oakland Point., came \u25a0 as block 709,
Boardman' s map,"': Oakland ; ' $10. : \u25a0\u25a0 .
Clarence F. \u25a0 Townsend , to \u25a0, Eva L. Curry, \ lot
on N line of ; Brown. (or iThlrty-fourth) street,
276-8 Ei of San Pablo avenue, - E 62, \u25a0: N r 140:5,
W 52, i to ; a : pomt 1 S '140:21. to \u25a0 beginning, % lot
10 and -Bart of lot 11, ' Cotter Tract, quitclaim
deed,* Oakland;* $250. . -
• .William ; H. 1 and : Minnie A. McOscar to I. D.
Hamilton I (widow),*: E ; 15 . feet' of . lot 7, and • W
15 feet of lot B.' block A, University Park, near
university.* Oakland; $10.v
, Joseph T.'and Paulina' Hlnch (wife) 'to James.
\A" Jr \u25a0-\u25a0 and 'Ada "A." de Poy (wife),-; lot on E line
of \u25a0 Filbert street, 5 206 :10 S* of Twenty-first, E •
125 :2," ;r to s intersection with '\u25a0 line 7 midway . i be- \u25a0
tween 'i and £ sarallel \u25a0- with i Myrtle ; and v Filbert
streets," S along I said • midway line Ito point : dls
' tant « lsl :2 '- N •-- from i Intersection * thereof £ with
Enclnal line.iW, 125 to point on EMne of Fil- (
. Bert I streets 141 :9 1 N * from - Intersection I thereof
with 'a eald « Enelnal \u25a0 lino, N: 26 * to ' beginning,-
Oakland;cslo/ -. ;
\u25a0 Mary' A. : 'Morrissey( widow) to E.L.'L. John
eon, >' lot" on « N - line v of ' Pacific ; avenue, 636.35
Wj from \u25a0» line * dividing ' Aughinbaugh . 223-acre
tract I from I Chipman I West I lll r acre tract, • etc. ',
W 30 by N, 150, i portion of lot 31. map of por
tion i Meets property,' Alameda; $10.
CANNOT CONDEMN
IMPURE FOODS
City Attorney Says Health
Board Has No Power to
Put Goods Under the Ban
ARREST ONLY COTJESE
Drugs Not Within Provisions
of Section 347 A Need Not
Be Labeled as Poisonous
City Attorney Long yesterday rendered
an opinion in response to queries pro
pounded by the Health Board, in which
he holds that the board has no authority
or power to condemn food or drugs. The
opinion is important, as heretofore the
Health Board has taken upon itself to
condemn wines, catsups, drugs and other
products and has compelled the sellers
to remove them , from their shelves and
afterward destroy them. The opinion says
that the statutes provide for prosecution
of the' offender, but the officials have no
authority over his goods. The opinion
is as follows: '-*,?..
I_ all the statute* prohlbltlss th« adultera
tion of foods, drugs or wines will be found
penal provisions under which the person or
persons guilty of a breach thereof may be>
prosecuted, but nothing which may ba con
strued as granting to the State Board of
Health or to boards of health of cities the
power to condemn adulterated toods or drugs.
The addition to food of anything of a poison
ous character would operate to take the mixture
or compound without the exception, on the
theory that It thereby becomes injurious to
health, and subject it again to the prohibition*
against adulterated foods. Therefore, In th»
case of foods, the use of which would prove
poisonous, the proper course to pursue would
not be to compel the affixing of a label with
the word "poison" thereon, but a prosecution,
of the seller under the penal provisions of
the statutes against adulteration.
The seller or non-poisonous drugs, that Is,
those drugs which are not within the pro
visions of section 347 A of the Penal Code,
cannot be compelled to mark them as poison
ous even though the Board of Health may so
deem them. The board Is not granted dis
cretion in that regard, the Legislature having
determined definitely which drugs shall and
which shall not be deemed of a poisonous
character and having provided a punishment
for the person guilty of \u25a0 a breach of the pro
visions of the statute. i
Any attempted official tondemnatlon Of
adulterated products being a .void act upon
your part, any ban under which these said
products may have been placed not only may
but should be removed by you. Irrespective of
any action upon the part of the vender.
You are therefore advised, first, that every
retailer must distinctly label with the word
"poison" each and every bottle, package, ves
sel or box containing any one or more of the
drugs enumerated in section S47A. or any
compound, preparation, extract, salt, or tinct
ure of said drug or drugs, or lay himself
open to criminal prosecution; second, that
placing a label upon adulterated products
showing the names and per cent of the con
stituent parts thereof does not remove drugs
from the prohibition of the statute against
adulteration but does so remove food, pro
vided the said food be not injurious to health;
third,' that the Board of Health can exercise
no discretionary power in the premises, but
is bound by the clear and distinct provisions
of the codes and statutes of this State bear
ing urion the retail sale of poisons and the
adulteration of foods and drugs.
MAN WHO TRIED TO CAUSE
ARREST OF OTHERS IS JAILED
Informer Is) Said to Be Member of
Counterfeiting: Gang: He Promised
to Betray.
SEATTLE. July 27.— L. B. Talley. a
paint merchant of Centralia, has been
arrested by Captain Bell of the Secret
Service upon the charge of aiding- and
abetting: counterfeiting. It is claimed
that Talley agreed to locate for the offi
cer, for a reward, "a band of counter
feiters who were making- spurious five
dollar gold coins. He was put off and
an Investigation showed the authorities
that he himself was a party to the
counterfeitin_". His arrest followed.
Talley declares his arrest is spite work
because after he received pay from Bell
he was unable to locate the counterfeit
ers. Bell left for Centralia to-day with
three warrants, said to be for a banker,
a saloon man and -a retired merchant,
all of that place.
EASTERN CAPITALISTS TO WORK
ABANDONED NEVADA MINES
Kew. Yorkers Secure Control of Claims
In the Once Noted Tuscarora
District.
ELKO. Nev., July 27.^ — For the last
three months a party of "New York cap
italists has had mining: experts in Tus
carora, formerly one of the greatest
mining camps in Nevada, experting
mining- property. Recently they took
bonds on several of the biggest proper
ties and this morning-, to the surprise of
residents, work was begun on the Dex
ter mine. A few days ago work was be
gun on the Common wealth. A big elec
tric pump Is being installed at the Dex
ter and the mine Is to be drained. When
a big flow of water was encountered in
that mine several years ago the pumps
were buried and could not be raised and
no other attempts were made to work
the mine.
COMPANY WITHDRAWS ITS
PETITION FOR FRANCHISE
OAKLAND, July 27.— The Street Rail
way Committee of the Board of Super
visors to-night took up the application
of the Oakland traction Company for a
franchise along East Fourteenth street.
The meeting was attended by a large
representation of residents of East
Oakland, Alameda, Fruitvale and other
"portions of the territory through which
the proposed line is projected. ,The ma
jority favored ; the company's applica
tion, but a r contingent, led by James A.
Johnson, opposed the granting of the
petition and the matter was discussed
until nearly midnight. , The Street
Railway Committee finally went into se
cret session, : and, reconvening, agreed
to -recommend the franchise provided
the company would pay $5000 for it,
straighten out the street at its own ex
pense and ' keep the entire width of the
thoroughfare watered. Upon this-an
nouncement the traction company with
drew its petition for a franchise.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MANlLA— Arrived previously. July 27 — Stmr
Hyades. from Tacoma via Yokohama.
. HONGKONG — Arrived prior to July 27— Stmr
Telemachus, from . Seattle and Tacoma via
Yokofiaroa. H logo. etc.. for Liverpool.
• LIVERPOOL— SaiIed July 27— Stmr Bavaria
for Montreal ; ;. stmr - Southwark. for Montreal'
Arrived July 27— Stmr Cedrie, from New
York; - stmr Saxon ia. from Boston; July 26—'
Stmr Nordland, from Philadelphia.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 27— Stmr La Lor
raine, for Havre; stmr Cretlc, for Naples and
Genoa; stmr Cltta di New York, via Naples
LONDON— Arrived July 28— Stmr Hibernian
from = Montreal and Quebec. \u25a0 v.. -. • *
. CHERBOURG — Sailed July 27— Stmr Kaiser
WUhelm der Grosse, for N«w York.
- Arrived July 27— Stmr Frledrlch der Grcsse
from -i New > York ! for ; Bremen and - proceeded*
July 26— Stmr Deutschland. from New York
for Hamburg and proceeded \u25a0 \u25a0 ,
QUEENSTOWN —•\u25a0 Sailed - July 27— Stmr
Oceanlc.-for New .York; stmr Merlon, for Phil
adelphta. •' . •
:Arrived July 27— Stmr Arabic, from Bos
ton for Liverpool and ; proceeded. '
YOKOHAMA"^ — : Arrived prior to July "^r_
Btmr « Doric, ; from San _ Francisco via Hono
lulu for Hongkong.'-g_ai«gg_atß*i_ '
Builders-* Contracts.
C. W. Hogan (owner) with Jaraes WeJsfe
(contractor).', architect ; M. J. \ Welsh — All work
fcr^ a two-story frame ; building : (stores and
flats) '•\u25a0 on i lot ion \u25a0. NW ' corner of -Twenty- fourth
and ,! Harrison , streets. S2:O on { Twenty-fourth
and 170 '\u25a0 on 5 Harrison: >. $10,219. .
::- Elizabeth.; and -\ George " McQuade (owners)
with « Charles '. Prough (contractor), architect
— rr-*i All Jwork fox a' one-story frame cottag«
en lots 17 and IS. block 44. Reli Tract: $1600.
MANY SAVANTS
TO BE PRESENT
Announcements of Speakers
and Papers to Be Read
by the Anthropologists
PROBLEMS OF THE PAST
Antiquity of 3fan in the Far
West Will JBe the Subject
of Profound Discussion
1 The meeting of the American Authropo
logical Association in this city, com
mencing Tuesday, August 29, will be a
notable gathering inasmuch a3 many o£
the most profound and erudite scientists
in the country will be present and pre
pared to deliver addresses. The meeting
win be the first in the history of the so
ciety to be held in the extreme West, a
fact which is regarded as an acknowl
edgment of the importance of California
as a field of exploration and of the great
ethnological, archaeological and anthro- '
pologlcal work which is being conducted
by the University of California.
The place for the meeting la not yet
announced. To date the list of speakers
and the subjects they are to discuss are
as follows:
Frederick "Ward Putnam, president ot
the association, director of the depart
ment of anthropology of the University
of California and curator of the Peabody-
Museum of Harvard University — "Exhibi
tion of Bones Believed to Show the Work
of Man From Quaternary Caves of Cali
fornia." Illustrated with lantern slides.
Dr. Charles Peabody, director of the>
Archaeological Museum of Phillips
Academy, Andover, Massachusetts — "The
Naming- of Specimens \in American
Archaeology."
C. Hill-Tout of the Ethnological Survey
of Canada— "Heterogeneity of the Culture
of the Selish Tribes."
Mrs. Zelia Nuttall, director of the
Crocker Researches in Mexico for the
department of anthropology of __c Uni
versity of California— "The Earliest His
torical Communications Between Japan
and Mexico, from original documents
preserved in the archives of Japan, re
cently given to light by a Mexican diplo
mat."
C. P. Mackie of Englewood, N. J.— "A
Plea for the More Critical Use of History
in Anthropological Research." ,
Alvin Scale of Stanford University—
"Ceremonies Relating to Sickness and
Death in the Solomon Islands.'
Dr. C. Hart Merriam, chief of the
United States Biological Survey, Wash
ington, D. C— Several papers as follows:
"The Aboriginal Indian Population of
California"; "The.Chevor of the Tongva—
a Mortuary Ceremony"; "Basketry of
California Indians"; "Basket Cave Burial
in California."
Dr. R. B. Ettxon of Harvard University.
—"The Mythology of the Shasta-Aeho
mawi Indians of California."
Dr. P. E. Goddard of the department of
anthropology of the University of Cali
fornia — ' -»lechanical Aids to the Study
and Recording of Indian Languages."
J. T. Goodman of Alameda— "The ilaya
Inscriptions and Codices."
C. *C. Willoughby. assistant curator of
the Peabody Museum of Harvard Uni
versity—"Specimens in the Peabody Mu
seum Collected- by the Lewis and Clark
Expedition." -\ • -*
Mls3 Constance . Goddard _>_Bui3 -ot
Waterbury, Conn. — "Mission Indian Re
ligious Myths," illustrated with phono
graph records.
Professor J. C. Merriam of the Univer
sity of California, connected with the re
searches by the university's department
of anthropology on the antiquity of man
in California— Three papers as follows:
"The Excavation, at Emeryville Shell
mound"; "The Exploration of Quaternary
Caves in California"; "Some Suggestions
Concerning the Orilgln of the Calaveras
Skull." AH illustrated with lantern
slides.
S. A. Barrett of the University of Cali
fornia—"Basket Designs of the Porno In
dians," illustrated with lantern slides;
also presentation of a map showing tha
territory, division, villages and campsites
of the Porno Indians of California.
P. S. Sparkman of Valley Center, San
Diego County, Cat— "The Grammar of the
Luiseno Indians of Southern California."
Charles Keeler of Berkeley — "Creaticn
Myths and Folk Tales of the Manua
Islands, Samoa."
Dr. A. Hrdlicka, assistant curator of
physical anthropology in the United
States National Museum— "A Coatribu
tion to the Physical Anthropology of
California."
Dr. George Grant Mac Curdy of . Yale
University, secretary of the \u25a0 association—
"Eoliths From England and Belgium,"
Dr. A. I_ Kroeber, secretary of the de
partment of anthropology of the Univer
sity of California— "lndian Systems of
Consanguinity in California."
Others who will attend and present
communications, but the titles cf whose
papers have not yet been received, are:
Dp George Byron Gordon, curator of
ethnology * and of American archaeology
at the free museum of science and art of
the University of Pennsylvania, Philadel
phia.
Charles F. " Lummis of Los Angeles,
representing- the Southwest Society of the
Archaeological Institute of America.
Stewart Culln, curator of ethnology of
the Brooklyn Institute: of Arts and Sci
ences. RHSHI
OSTEOPATHIC ASSOCIATION
TO HOLD AJTXUAL MEETING
The fourth annual meeting of the
Osteopathic Association of the State of
California will be held in the Academy
of Sciences building. 319 Market street,
on 'August S and 9.
. The association, which now has more
than 200 members, hopes to make this
meeting a success. The following pro
gramme will be rendered:
August 9. » a- m. to 13 m. — President's an
nual address, report of secretary and treasur
er, reports of committees, election of members
of the State board : Dr. Ernest Sisson. "Pe
culiar Shoulder Lesions."
2 p. m. to 5 p. m.— Dr. J. J. Pearce. "Some
Visceral Actions Obtained by Manlpalatlon of
C«rebro-Spinal Nerves": Dr. Warren Taylor,
"The Germ Theory of Disease": r>r. William
Ivle. "A Clinical Demonstration."
8 p. m. — Dr. Dam L-. TasAer. "Steps In the
Development of the New School of Healing."
Informal reception.
*: Augn&t 9. & a. m. to 12 ra,— Dr.\W. J. Hay
den. "Diseases of the Respiratory Tract" : Dr.
C. A. Wbitlng. "A F«w Points in Clinical
Diagnosis"; Dr. B. P." Shepherd." "A Clinical
Demonstration."
2 p. m. to 5 p. m. — Discussion of clinics led
by Dr. Isaac Burk and Dr. T. W. Sheldon,
business meeting, "election of of fleers. .
8 p."- m." — Banquet. ,
liiconsNtfut I.lchtalnsr.
The other afternoon lightning struck
the house of Colonel J. Harleston Bead,
about one mile from Georgetown. S-'C.
and Instantly killed Mrs. Read. Miss
Elizabeth Read was stunned, but final
ly regained consciousness. Colonel
in the same room and sitting: on
the sofa, was. uninjured.- and Miss Ad
ams, who sat a few \u25a0 feet away, was
also unhurt. Thelbolt struck an w
per* room to the rear of the one the
family, was sitting In. burst through
the lower room " opposite and. without
leaving a single 'trace either In the
room or. on the .bodies of i the stricken
ladies, killed one and stunned tha other.
—New York Globe.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
JJ' T all-s!reet Stocks generally higher and Cotton firmer.
Continued inactivity on th-e local stock boards. . .
Wheat and Barley Futures firmer. Cash Grain unclianged.
Nothing new in Oats, Corn, Rye or Beans.
Railroad tracks still crowded with Hay. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables plentiful and weak.
Western Poultry firm, but domestic iveak.
Fresh Fniits arrive late. Lemons higher.
Prices named for nezv Dried Figs. Oilier Dried Fruits firm.
Provisions and Meats as previously quoted.
Butter continues to decline. Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
CONDITION OF TRADE.
r Crop*, Dry Gooda, Steel and Stocks.
The Ntw Vcrk circular of Henry Clews eaye:
"The factor of prime importance at the
preser.t time is the com crop; the weather aow
current is certainly Ideal and promises. In view
of the increase of mere than 2.000.000 acres in
the area, to furnish a harvest that has not
heretofore been exceeded in this country. But
It will be fully tha mia^le of August beforo
the crop may be considered out of danger.
Meanwhile the prospects certainly favor Ir
regularity in the etock market, for It Is quite
sr.rrobcb'.a that the crop will proceed to ma
turity without a number of setbacks of more
or lees importance. Spring wheat will also
constitute an Influence for stock market fluc
tuations during tfci* period, and the outlook
tnsy therefore be considered favorable for a
market fluctuating IC2 points in either direc
tion. From the agricultural standpoint, the
outlook for a period of Inflation— of exuberant
prosperity — is certainly favorable.
COMMERCIAL AND INDUSTRIAL.
"Investlts-tlona by usually conservative au
thorities indicate a favorble outlook in the
commercial and industrial fields. Probably the
best test of the commercial situation is the
great dry eood* distributing machinery of the
country; and a thorough inquiry among these
distributors indicates particularly optimistic
conditions. The dry goods jobbers of the coun
try almost without exception report that for
the first half of this year their business has
chown distinct Improvement, both In volume
ar.d In profits, over the corresponding months
of 1904; they also report their stock In good
condition a-J preparations for a decidedly im
proved fall trade; asd perhaps the most sig
r.'.acaat feature of al! is that the greatest op
timism Is expressed in the great corn growing
sections of the country. From the industrial
standpoint the treat Iron end steel industry
n.^y certainly bu coneldered the most accurate
barometer of approaching conditions; and recent
reports quite generally Indicate that the glass in
this direction is rising. The demand for 6teel
rails has recently shown distinct Improvement,
. •R-lth no necessity on the part of manufactur
f,-s of encouraging buyere by making conces
sions in prices; and the demand for structural
shapes fcr buildings and for bridges has of
late developed particular activity, not alone
lor immediate requirements, but foy deliveries
we!l into the future. The general export busi
ness i 6 also working into good shape, and tho
fiscal year that closed with the month of
June was thfe largest, from an export stand
point, that we have yet experienced."
Dried Frult« In »wr York.
Late mail advices from New York say:
"The feature of the market was the an
nouncement of opening prices on California
Figs. " The quotations are: Choice. 50c; extra
choice. 55c. and fancy. 60c. In one-pound pack
ages. The crop conditions are reported as
reasonably g&od and a fair yield is consid
ered probable. No large transactions w«re rcr
ported at the opening figures, though it was
understood that the quotations were not re
garded unfavorably by the trade. The si tui
tion in Smyrna, which has not clearly devel
oped as yet. will be a strong influence In the
eale of California fruit. Spot business in all
varieties v necessarily light at this reason,
tut mcst,«'rades are held steady. No one cares
to take fe"»ods from storage unless advancing
prices wairaat It- Peachts are firmer on the
eg.; - 1 «.nd, . »b'lc no Quotable advance Is n*
ported. tt« fact that some packers "nave wlth
drav.n' frurn the market at C^4c for choice
yellows is equivalent to an advance. No 1m -
portant sales, are reported here and conditions
are generally regarded as favorable. Prune*
continue f.rm with conditions tending toward
an advance In prices. The extreme hot wf ath
er In California has caused a eerious drop In
condition, shriveling a jrood many of these left
en the trees. The effect is an indicated heavy
reduction in output. Up to 3V«c is asked for
the four sizes in bags, October shipment, and
offers of lees are promptly refused. The situ
ation in Oregon remains substantially as pre
viously reported. Apricots are quiet, with
little or no interest developing either here or
on tie coast. Raisins are too quiet to attract
any attention Fancy Eastern seeded are
quoted up to 6Vic and choice are held at s»ic.
but In the absence of important sales these
prices are little more than nominal. What
Influence the latest attempted combination of
Interests on the coast will exert upon the mar
ket It is Impossible to say."
Wine Export* In Jane.
The exports of wine from Ean Francisco
mI7 sea In June were as follows :
. - To— Gallons. Cases. Values.
New York 375,224 52 $124,71)3
England 17.€22 6 6.215
Hawaiian Islands ... C 7.626 120 24.638
Panama 15.052 .. 4.1(54
Central America .... 7.95S 161 4.412
Mexico 6,451 114 3.021
Ecuador 4.137 .. 2.040
Cclorcbla 2.030 .- 760
Ertlsh Columbia ... 2,401 32 1.101
Japan 6.333 18 1.623
Chl-.a 1.150 1 sft4
EMt Indies *70 .. 2%5
Manila 102 374
N»w Zealand 101 .. 101
Peru 262 .. 131
Elsewfcer* 120 _& 61
Totals 05.949 610 $174,311
In June. 1904. the exports were 542,425
ra'lons and 472 cases, valued at $100,*38. la
that month New York took 443,474 gallons
•r.4 62.9 M gallons and 224 cases went to the
Hawaiian lalan&a.
EASTERN MARKETS.
jfeTr York Money Market.
ITBW TORK. July 27.— Market closed: Money
oa call steady, I%®2c, close; bid, l%c: cf
fered. 2c: tlm« loans easy; 60-day loans, 3 per
cent; 80-day loans, 3U per cent; 6-montn
loans, 2?iSf4 per cent.
Prim* mercantile paper. 4@4% per cent. .
Sterling exchange easy with actual business
In bankers' bill- at 4.PCC554.867CK: for de
mand and at 4.569054.8e95c for €0-day bills;
posted rates, 4.55% c and 4.87% c; commercial
bills. 4.84% c.
B&r direr. 58T4c.
Mexican dollars. 45%e.
Government and railroad bonds 1 firm.
Setr York Stock Market.
VPIV TORK. July 27. — Something of an In
novation uppeared at times In the etock market
to-fiay nut notwlthtsanding this appearance
the total sales for the day reveals small In
crease in the actual volume of th« market.
The rarlfl movement of special stocks of sec
ondary importance was what gave color to the
*pecu!at'.cn and it will be seen that many of
r/"-e most r-romlnent storks on the exchange
r.ere cealt in to small extent ana that the ma
jority of the list as a whole was wholly over
come. Without any widespread feeling In the
market In cne quarter, sympathetic response In
enother is likely to be found, and spotty
movements pueh as those of to-day are natur
a!!y !nterpr» > ted as coming: from professional
operation* cf a more or le« artificial character.
The uplift of prices was accomplished, how
rver. without meeting- sny important pressure
to realise, with the notable exception of the
E'le ptocfc*. which were pubjected to tbe profit
taking which lsas H-ov^d lr.eX'lUWe In all re
rent cases on the publication of good news.
Bu» wMle the Erles themselves were . back
ward the placing cf the second preferred
ytock on tbe dividend list by yesterday's
declarations of a full, year's dividends was
undoubtedly- the prime factor In encouraging
th* professional attempt to Initiate a move-,
rncnt for a rise. When the action of the Erie
directors I* consldtr*fl as k supplement to tfc*
Increased dividends in Reading. Burlington and
Ov!oO v !o and Amalgamated Copper and the reten
tion for Illtnols Centra! of what has been
called an extra disbursement and designed to
r*:ebrate a notable occasion for the company
th«>re is presented quite n comprehensive array
cf evidence of the confidence rx'stinK among
railroad manasers In the stability of the con
ditions which have lifted the profits cf oper
ation co as to enable Increased disbursements
to stockholders. While roae of the Western
•inroads eharrd In the 4ay'a strength stocks
cf the Eastern arid Southern trunk lines were
the conspicuous features of the strength, the
so-called <51ffer*>rtial lines enjoying the widest
movements The Intimations that the money,
control of thp*e railroads was asserting itself
to rcrce a settlement of tbe war of rates which
ha* been In force for some time was believed
a«n afford a baels for to-day's movement. No
Attention was paid to reports of additional
ousrantine - measure* eirainst ,the spread of
yf!!ow fever In the South and further opinions
of damage to spring: wbeat were without effect
unless In restricting the activity of the mar
ket Foreign exchange reacted sharply In eplte
of tne hardening of London dU count s and some
•
attention was paid to reports of peace pros
pects, and especially to the rise of Russian
bonds In Paris. The taking of the day's
profits Involved some inroads upon prices in
the last hour of trading, but the closing was
firm.
Bonds were firm. Total 6ales, par value.
J3.ISS.COO. United States new 4s advanced
on call.
»vr York Stock Ltat.
E. F. Hutton & Co.. 490 California street.
San Francisco, members of the New .York
Stock Kxcnange, lurnish the following official
quotations of that Exchange:
Ssies.^ 6TOCKS. jHign,Low.| Bid.j Ask.
'Adams Express |213 |250
21.400) Amal Cop 53% 82%| fe2!£! 83
Amer Can C 0...1 | liv*j HV?
I Do pfd I i t.b%| tiS^i
400|Ani«;r C & F Co.j 35'^! ;>s%| 35%' HSm
200J Do pfd I VS'^j 9S"^i i'!s%| 99
HOOiAmer Cottoh Oil. 2»%| 2lt%j 2U | 60
j Do pfd j «2 95
(Amer Dist Tel. | 2M 32
iAmer Ex 220 230
SOO.Amer G T C 0... 6% 6% «9i 7}i
Amer H & L 6% 7
Do pfd 41) 4U»»
America 4% 5%
I.2CC Amer Lmseed .. 10»ii l»Vij 19 | 1»%-
I Do pfd I I 42%| 45
2,3Co,Amer Locomo ..49 4S 46% 40
j Do pfd 11 12
jAmer Malt | 4% 5%
Do pfd I 25 25%
36.700 Amer S & R Co. 119% 117 |llb%|HSvij
I.OOOi Do pfd 1 121 120 1 120 v 4v 4 1 121
lAmc-r Fdy.| 7 o%| 6%| 7%
I Do pfd i 37 30=tii 37 | 37%
-.SOO.Amer Sugar 1133 1059*!1U5%1139
Do pfd j |13» \V.iJ
lAmer T & T Co.| jl3l> |140 .
2OoiAm-:r Tob pfd..| «7% 06 %\ 'M%> t)7
3,&6w,Amer Woolen ..j 37 07 . ilTV^l 3i %
I Do pfd 1 1102% ;iO4 .
2.OCO,Ar.aco:>da ;ill (110 .jUO)fcilli
.' Ann Arbor 1 i »5 3S
1 Do pfd j 1 178 ]60
2,8001 A T & Santa Fe.| 55%; 85 Vi! *5%i
400 Do pfd 102%;1C2%|102 102%
17.&00 Bait A Ohio |114»*ill3 (114 !114'.t
300 i Do pfd 1 9S%i at>%i !»&% 93
Bay State Gas...j | 13-10] M,
4.300;B X T .........i 65% OSU «!>ttj 65%
'Brook Un Gas... IS7 1&4 ,
ißrans'ck L» & I.j 15 16
\u25a0Butterick Co. ..1 57 58
Canada South «i 9 70
3.5C0 Canadian Pac ..153 152% ,152 V, 15:1
7.600: C & 0 54% 52% 54% 54^
C &. A 33>A 33%
200 i Do pfd 79% 79U "S "9%
C& E I pfd 130 140
CI & L pfd \ : *i" S0 * M
800 ! C &G W 19* i* 19 U 19% l»?i
Do pfd A ..| C 3 65
Do pfd B 1 30 31
Do pfd debs... j S5 S(j%
20OC & N W j209 ;205%1207 20S)
14,200 C M &St P IS(.»H;I7*V,ISO I^o%
1.300J Do pfd 187% 187 185 189
1.400 C RI & P (new)j 31 30% 30Ti 31
SOOJC R I & P pfd.. 75H 75% 75 . 7«
I Do pfd 4s 82% S3
:;Chicago Term l&V* 18%
I Do pfd 34% 40 1
bWjiChlcago Cn Trac 0% 6VI 9 9%
! Do pfd 34 36
100 C C C & St L.. 98 98 94% 9S
I Do pfd 115 120
Cleve Lor & W.. ..VA ..... 72 00
Do pfd 107 114
1.200 Colo Fuel & Iron 45U 44% 44% 45
Do pfd 95
Colum H C & 1 12% 13H
300 Colorado So .... 27% 27% 27% 27%
Do Ist pfd 58 5U%
Do 2d pfd 37 38
Consol Gas |ISS% 190
SOOjCorn Products .. 10% 10%| l<Jy 4 10%
I Do prd 1 48 47
5.100; Dcl and Hudson 193% 1191 191% 192
4,SOOiD L & W 393r 4 i 305 3U3 3»8
200 D & R G 31% 31 31 32
Do pfd t>s% 86%
Dcs M & Ft D 21 23 •
Detroit Un Ry 1»2>4 92%
Detroit So 9 11
j Do pfd 59 41
Diamond Match 139% 140
300 Distil Secur .... 41 41 40% 41
Da bonds 79% 80
Duluth S S & A 14% 15ft
Do pfd 23 20
18.500 Erie 47% 4C% 40% 47
14,900 Do Ist pfd ... 85 BUi 84% 84%
12.300 Do 2d pfd 75V4 74Vi "4% 75
E& T H .i...| <S2 05
Do pfd S3 90 .
Ft W & D C 71 74
Gen Chemical <ll «1%
Do pfd 103 106
Gen Electric 173% 174
Great No pfd ...287 288 257 2SS% !
Greene Gold 4% 4TJ
Greene Cons Cop 25 25%
Havana Tob Co '\u25a0 25% 28
Do pfd :.... 35 38
Hocking Vulley 85 93
Do pfd » 93 94
9,600 Illinois Central . 172% 109 |172% 172%
jlnterboro 1206 207
Inter Paper 20 20%
Do pfd 78V1 78%
Inter Power 57 85
Inter Pump 27% 30
Do pfd '.. SO S3
lowa Central 26 27%
Do pfd 60% .51%
Japanese 4%s <J2% 92%
Do lsts 101% 101%
Do 2ds 99% 99%
Kanawha & Mch 30 35
XC FtS & M pfd Rl 83
100 Kans City So .. 25% 25% 25% 20
Do pfd 57 58
Keokuk & D M .. 13 15
Laclede Gas pfd 97% 110
Lake Erie & W 31 35
V. Do pfd 02 98
Lehish Valley ..' «2% C 3
Long Island 55 60
2,7oo;Louis & Nash... 145 1143% 144% 145
IMackay 1 40 41%
I Do pfd 41V4 41S
300' Manhattan 1C5% 1G5% 1C4% 105%
iManhat Beach 0% 13
IMarine 1.3% 14
I Do pfd 30% 31
I.7oo;Met Securities... 62% 82 52% 82%
S.3oo:Met St Ry 127% 12(1% 127% 127%
2,Soo ! Mexican Central. 21%| 21 21% 21U
(Minn &St L.... j 54 60
, Do Ist pfd 1 85 93
1.4001 M. St P& 3 S MH24%lm«i|l2« 124%
fiOO Do pfd 100% 159 1159% ICI
200 Mo, Kan & Tex. 2S I2S I2S 28%
1001 Do pfd U.l 03 K2% 6.«
MOOiMissourl Pacific. 08% 08% 93 fiSU
"Nash C&Bt L. i 4.1 147
©00 National Lead... 43% 45 45 45%
300 Do pfd 103% 105 101% 105%
Nil R R Mcx pfd 38% "37%
l,6oo| National Biscuit. t« 57% C 7% 68 Vi
Do pfd .' 112 - 113
200! New Jersey Cen. 108% 198% 1198 200
... IN V Airbrake 143 150
«,200!New York Cen.. 140 144 145% 145%
3.4W>'N Y. C & Et L. 52% 49% 51% 52%
2.R001 Do Ist pfd 11«% 114 110 120
4.800 Do 2d pfd $Z% 62 S3 8-1%
New York Dock 24 30
X Y. N H- & H J: 201% 202%
2.700 N Y. Ont & W. .52% 50% T. 1% slTs
2.5C0 Norfolk & West. SC% 60% 80% 86%
Do pfd 92% J). r >Vi
1.800 North American. »9 98% 09 99%
2.100 Northern Pacr .. 204% 203 2tttV4 204H
Northern Secs..r 174 174}£
Omaha .....-., \u0084...185 1J93
:.' Do pfd 190 • 200 \u25a0
, OSL 4s SC 0614
Pacific Cca« 90 94
Do Ist pfd 103 110
Do 2d pfd '. 90 95
SCO Pacific Mail 4W, 42% 43- 43%
40.100 Perm R R C 0... 142% 141% 142% 142%
4Oo!People's Ga 104% 104% 104% 101%
P, C, C & St L. 78 75%
Do ptd 1... 100 .105
100 Pressed Steel Car 39% R9% 30 W3\i,
Do pfd 04V4 94%
Pullman Car Co. 1. 239 241
100 Ry Steel Springs 34% 34% 34% 25
Do pfd 09 »9%
64.100 Reading 104% 103% IO4U 104%
700 Do Ist pfd.... 95 94% 94~-f 05
400 Do 2d pfd 82Vi 92U 02' 92%
8,400 Republic S & 1.. 20% • 20U £0% 20%
L9OO Do pfd... 83 82% 82% 82Ti
200 Rubber Goods... 34% 54% 34 84%
....... Do pfd... 104 103
Sloss S 8 & I Co 62% 83>i
Do pfd 100 125
St J & O I ..1....'. 16 17-
Do Ist pfd. 1 . '.:.. 62" 52%
... Do 2d pfd . .......... 23% 25
100 StL & SF Ist pfd .79% 78% 78% 70 '
100 Do 2d pfd ..i 67% 67% 67% 67%
100EtL&8W ... 23H 23U 23 23%
3GO Do Pfd ...... 69% 59% 59% 59%
4 300 Southern Pac . . 64 *fc 64 « 64% 04 %
.'....1 DO pfd US 117% 117% 118
900|Soutbern Ry ... S3 32 Vi 32% S3
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -FRIDAY. JULY : 28, 1905!
100 Do pfd ...... 981/4 9S& 9S 09
Standard Oil ,616 620
Standard R& T 94 1
3.600 Term Coal & I. 66% 55% S6H S««4
: Texas P L T Co 43 43V&
100 Texas Pacific .. 33& 33& 33 33Vi
Third Avenue ..127 130
Toledo R & T Co 34 34V*
, Toledo St L & W 33H 39%
200 Do pfd 56% 56% 50,$ Do^.
100 Twin City R T 113 113 113 U3&
Union Bag & P.. 9 10
Do pfd 73>,i 75
40.700 Union Pacific .. 129-4 128% 120% 129%
100 Do Pfd 98 9S 98 99
Do cony 4s I—Hi 129%
United Copper 31% 02%
United R of S F 64% CSU
600 Do Pfd 56% 86Vi S6H 86%
Do 4s ... 90% 01H
200 U S Cast Iron P 31 31 30% 31
Do pfd .... 92% 02%
:. U S Express 123 125 -
U S Leather 12 . 12%
Do pfd ... 106^111%
100 U S Realty & C 90 90 89% 90ft
200USR&RCO.. 31V4, 31 31 31&
200 Do prd 68 07% 67^ C 8
1.400 U S Rubber ... i^Vi 4S& 4S^ 49
200 Do pfd 100 109 108 Mi IC9
25.000 U S Steel Cor .. 34% 34 34^ 34^1
10500 Do Pfd 102% 10214 102% 102%.
IOOVa-Car Chem Co 31 31 33^ 34
. . . Do pfd 104 106
200Wabash • 19 !«»{. 18% 19
Do pfd 89 40
Wells Fargo Ex. 22S 245
Western Union.. 03 CK.V3
Westinghouse 165% 16.
Do Ist pfd 190 195
W & L E 16 17
' 400 Do lft pfd ... 39^ 39 39% 41 Vi.
400 Do 2d pfd ... 23^ 23 23% 24
Wisconsin Cen *J«i **vt
Do pfd 61 B1 &
475,800— T0tal shares sold.
Xevr York Bond*.
U S ref 2s re 5..103"4 Japan 6s. C<rt. t. .101U
Do coupon 103% Japan 6s, 2d ser. 9J%
Do 3s res 1 03 (i Japan *«•».«":•.}£&
Do coupon 104 L& N unified 48.10.1%
Do new 4a reg.131% Man con gold 4s. 104
Do. coupon 133 Hex Central 45... TiJ5
Pn old 4s reg..104 Do Ist inc.... --%
Do coupon 104 Minn &St L 45.. 97%.
Amer Tob 45..... 75% M. X & Texas 4s. 101%.
Do Cs 116 Do 2ds ..: f'%
Atch gen 4s 104 ft NB of Mcx con 4s 82
Do adj 45...... 97 NYC Ken 3%5.. 9SH4
Atlantic C L is.io2%jN J C gen 65....1j»4
Halt & Ohio 4s. 105*; | Nor Pacific 4s 100
Do 3%s 93%) EK> 3s •}/.}£&,
Central of Ga Cs.lUfcJNor & W eon 45.10.JU
Do Ist mc 9H%!OS L refdg 45.. 9b%
Do 23 mc S4 Pa . -onv 3%s 104
Ches & Ohio 4%s.ICJ Reading gen 45... 102
Chi & Alton 3%5. SO«C S L & I M con 35.U«%
C. B & Q new 45.101% St L & S F fg 4s. BS%
C R I &. Pac 4s. 82*4,1 St L S W con 4s. S2
Do col 0s 94% i Seaboard A L 4a. !>»%
CC.C& SLcn-ls.loafc'So Pacific 4s 94
Chi Term 45..... 9<J»i Do Ist 4s 96
Colo Midland 45.. 73 So Railway 5s 11S%
Colo & So 4s nr.Vj Tex & Pac 15t5..122
Colo Ind ss. eer A 75 Tol. St L& \V 4s. 85Vi
Do ss, ser 8... 73 Union Pacific 45. 105%
Cuba 5s cert 107 Do cony 4s 129%
Den A Rio G 45.100*4 U S Steel 2d 55.. 95
Dist Securities 5s 79TS!Wabash lsts lIS
Erie prior lien 45.101<4| Do deb B ..... tfl)%
Do gen 4s 03%| Western Md 45... S3
F W & D C lsts.ll4 |W & L. Erie 45... IV{
Hock Val 4%5...109%|\Vis Central 4f... 91
Xew York Mlnlns Stocks.
Adams Con 25!LiUl<> Chief 05
Alice st>; Ontario -00
Breece 40 Ophlf 6 25
Bruns Con '. .. 13Phcenlx 02
Comstock Tunnel. 07%,Potost 10
Con Va Mln Co. 1 20, Savage On
Horn Silver .:... 1 73! Sierra Nevada 22
Iron Silver 3 40, Small Hopes . r ... 3U
Leadville C0n...: 06|Standard 1... 120
Boston Stocks ami Bond M ..
Money— U S Steel pfd... 102%
Call loans 2%@3% Westing Common. Si
Time loans 394@4% Mining-
Bonds — Adventure 5 7 £
Atohison 4s 1C2% Amal. Copper S2 7 i
Do adj;4s »t» Amer Zinc 9%.
Mcx Central 4b.. 76 Allouea 2s 14
Railroads— Atlantic I£%
Atchieon 55% Gingham 30%
r>- pfd ........ 102 Vi Calumet &\u25a0 Hecla.67o
Boston & Albany.2ss Centennial 22 U
Boston & Maine.l7B Copper Range ... 71%
Boston Elev ....157 Daly West 13%
Fitchburg pfd 146 Dom Coal 73
N V NH & H..19S Franklin 10%
Pere Marquette. .. 98 Granby 7
Union Pacific:... 129% Isle Royale - 22%
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining 9^4
Amer Arge Chera. 22% Michigan . 14%
Do pfd 9J Mohawk 53
Amer Pneu Tube. 6% Old Dominion . .~. 28
Amer Sugar . .. .13Si$ Osceola ICO%
Do pfd 138% Parrot —
Amer T" & Tf1.135% Qulncy iCS
Amer Woolen ... 37 Shannon 7%
Do Dfd IC3 Tamarack .123
Dom Iron & 5... *2% Trinity 8
Ed Elect Ilium. .24.1 United Copper ... 31%
:/-«;; F'—tric 17Vi U S Mining Xi%
Do pfd 60 U S Oil —
Mass Gas 44% Uta^ 45%
United Fruit 105% Victoria 3%
Un Shoe Mach... 87 Winona 12%
Do pfd 32 Wolverine 117
U S Steel 34
Luudon Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. 90Vi|N V Central 148
Do for acct 90V t jNor & Western... 88%
Anaconda 5% Do pfd 96 |
Atchisori 87%|Ont & Western... &^%
Do pfd 105 » Pennsylvania ..'••• 72%
Bait & Ohio 116%, Rand Mines 9%
Can Pacific 157 Reading 51%
Ches & Ohio 54 Do Ist pfd 48%
Chi Great West.. 20 Do 2d pfd 45%-
Chi. Mil & St P. 153% So Railway 3J%
De Beers 1«%! Do pfd 101
Den & Rio G 31 .So Pacific 66
Do pfd : .. SS%| Union Pacific 132%
Er'» ' 45% Do Pfd 100
Dp Ist pfd BW.IU S Steel 37
Do 2d pfd 77%' Do pfd 105%
111 Central 173% Wabash 19%
Louis & Na5h... 151 Do nfd 41
M. X & Texas... — Spanish 4s ... 91%
Bar silver — Steady; 27 3-lGd per ounce.
Money — I@l% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market
for short bills ts 1% per cent and for three
months-b ills 1% per cent.
Condition of tbe Treasury.
WASHINGTON. July 27.— T0-day's Treasury
statement shows: Available cash balance,
$125,124,148; gold coin and bullion, $16,393,215.
JV'evr York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. July 27.— COTTON— The mar
ket opened easy, IUQI3c down. Trading was
quite active, with yesterday's shorts and the
outsiders -buying freely. The leading Wall
street- coerator was cut with a report that he
had sold cotton yesterday, but that he had not
changed his views as to his prices, and was
now in a better Dosltlon to buy his cotton
tack on any decline, and It was thought he
did so this morning to a considerable extent.
Futures opened easy. July, 10.55 c; August,
10.54 c; September, 10.50 c; October, 10.72 c; No
vember, 10.78 c, bid: December, 10.84 c; Jan
uary. 10.88 c; March, 10.u7c. bid; April, lie,
hid; May. 11.02 c. bid. Futures closed steady.
July, 10.70 c; August." 10.72 c; September, J0.82c;
October, 10.96 c; November, 11.10 c; December,
11.054; January, 11.00 c; February, 11.11 c;
March. 11.14 c: April. 11.18 c: May, 11.20 c.
Spot auiel, 10 points lower. Middling up
lands. 11.05 c: middling gulf, 11.30 c. Sales.
CICO bales.
New. Orleans Cotton Market.
XEW ORLEANS, July 27.— COTTON — Quiet
Middling. 10 1-iec.
New York Grain and Produce.
NKW YORK. July. 27.— FLOUR— Receipt*
13.055; exports. 2055; quiet and' unchanged
WHEAT— Receipts. 18.000; spot, easy; No.
2 red nominal elevator; No. 2 red, 93% c f. o'
b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 163 i
f. o. b. afloat; No.- 1 Northern Manitoba, nom
inal f. o. b. afloat. Options opened %c higher
on better cables, unfavorable weather In the
Northwest and higher Northwest markets
broke lV*c under local selling following weak
ness In corn, rallied about a cent on covering
by rcom hhorts, and again eased 'off fraction
ally and closed steady at a net decline of Uq
to a r.et advance of l^fcc. May, 02^fty;{ 13-lOc
closed i)2% c;' July. 93@9:!^c, closed 03% - SetJ^
tember. ''OO 5-l«Jfi9l%c. closed 91 5-lCc; Decem
ber. 01%©92 11-lOc. closed 02tfc.
. HIDES— Steady.
PKTROLifIJM— Quiet. .
COFFEE-— Spot Hio, "steady; No. 7 invoice 1
BVic: mild. firm.
SUGAR— Raw, - firm: fair refining. 3 7.16 c;
centrllugal, 90 • test. -4 1-lCc; molnsses • BUgar,'
3 3-lCc; refined, unsettled; crushed, 5.90 c; pow
dered,' 5.30 c; granulated. 5.20 c. -
BUTTER— Unchanged . - J • , '-i
CHEESE — Unchanged.
EGGS — Unchaneed. : .
DRIED FRUITS. '
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues firm on short crop: reporte. with, futures
held higher and a moderate; demand for spot
supplies. Common to good are quoted at 4V>@
s'/>c; prime at 6@6Uc; choice at 6^a,7c; tericy
at"7%c^ ' \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0' -'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- :\u25a0.: -- : -<\u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
PRUNES— Are firm but unchanged, prices
ranging from 3c to. 6c, according" to grade.
APRICOTS— Show a steadier tone at the de
cline. Choice ara- quoted at 9@9&c; extra
choice at 10^®llc; fancy at 12#@l5c.
PEACHES — Are \u25a0 firm on small offerings.
Choice are quoted at ; lC^lOUt: extra: choice
at 10W@l0V4c: fancy at 11%@12c. ,
RAISINS— Are dull, with purchases limited
to immediate needs. Loose muscatels are
quoted at 4^®6Vic; seeded raielnß, 6V4@oVic
and London layers at,' sl®l- 15. -
If eW York Metal { Market.
XBW YORK,** July 27.— There wit a consid
erable reaction In the London . tin ' market ' fol
low ing s tha sensational gains or tbe last few
days and- spot there . closed .at £149 .10s and
futures at £14S 10s., Locally th« .market was
easier with spot quoted at $32 65®32 90.:
\u25a0 Copper was unchanged at £67, 155 , for Spot
and £68 for futures. In. the London, market.
Locally the situation shows Increasing firmness
and both lake and electrolytic are now quoted I
at $15 12V4015 37*4. while-casting is also ;
higher at $14 75@15. . ..- \u25a0 . " *\u25a0 •
Lead was unchanged at £14 In- London, - but
was a little flrm«r locally at $4 60@>4 70. '
Spelter advanced 2s 6d to £23 17a 6d In Urn-,
don and also ruled firm In the local market,
"^^S&ftfig® and-,^
AV,d In Mtddlesboro. Locally iron was unr/j
changed; No.' l foundry. Northern, is Quoted
at $lti 25@17 ; No. 2 do at $15 75@16 50; No.
1 do Southern at $15 75®t« 75; No r Southern
soft af $l(i®r7 25; No. 2 do at $15 50@16 25, : r.
CHICAGO BOARD' OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. July 27.— The - wheat market
opened firm, with September %©%c to %@%c
up at 86% c to S7c. Wet weather In the Nortn-'
west .was the principal reason., for the; Initial
firmness. Another factor was a» fair advance
at Liverpool. The rain in the spring wheat
teritorry was generally supposed to favor the
spread of the much feared black j rust. The.
strength at Liverpool was said to be ' due to
reports of damage to the Russian crop. As a
result of Weather Bureau predictions of rain
to-morrow throughout Minnesota and the Da
kotas an active demand developed from com
mission houses and caused ' prices to advance
above the opening level, September touching
87 % c. Toward the end or tne firet hour, how
ever, the market became quite weak. A sharp
break in corn was partly responsible for quite
liberal profit-taking in wheat and started wheat
prices downward. In addition crop news from
wheat in the Northwest, while conflicting, fur
nished much encouragement to bears, -many
advices stating that black rust had done little
damage thus far. On the reaction September
sold off to So%e. The weakness was short
lived. Shorts soon began to Duy freely agalu.
In response to the improved demand prices
rallied quickly. \u25a0 One reason for the renewed
activity among shorts was a comparative de
crease in primary receipt?. An advance of %c
to lc In the price of cash wheat at Southwest'
crn markets helped to strengthen the option
market here. September closed firm at 86%@
67c, a gain of %@lc.
Heavy liquidation by prominent longs caused
weakness in corn. Ttw close was fairly
bteady. September being %®%c lower at 53c.
Weakness 6f corn resulted in renewed liqui
dation of oats and the market was Inclined to
weakness. September closed Vie flown at 29% c.
Provisions were firm. At the close Septem
ber pork was up 10c at $18 15. lard was Up
7n@loc at $7 30. and riba were s@i %c higher
at $7 92%<§7 85. .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Ju'y 11 ?^.^:. 2 " M% S6H 85% BG%
September 87% 87% 85^ 87
December 6S .88% 86% 88
July (old) 56VS SCU 54% 54%.
July (new) 56$ :p«g "g £4%
Sept. (old) 60% 54% 52% 53k
Sept. (new) . 53% W7* 62% u.j_
Dec. (new) 46% **% 45% 45%
Ju?^!.*. 0 :."". 30% 30% 20H 29V4
September 28% , 25% 2fVi 29%
December ...... 2JHi 29 V4 29% 29%
May 31% 31 Vi 30% 30%
Se?tfmbe"S 13 15 12 97% 13 15
octob™ ..:::. .13 02% 13 07% 12 97% 13 07%
Lard, per 100 lbs— .\u25a0. \u25a0 m . \u25a0 ..
September 720 730 720 730
October 730 7 3«% 730 7 3.%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— • _
September 7 87% 795 785 765
October .-. 7 92% 7 07% 790 7 9<V*
Cash Grnln nnd Provisions.
CHICAGO. July 27.— Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, easier; No. 2 spring wheat.
$1 04&1 10; NO. 3, 95C@*1 05; No. 2 red, SSc;
No. 2 corn. 55Vic; No. 2 yellow. 55%0; No. Z
oats, 20%@30Uc: No. 2 white. 31c; J
white 29©31% - No. 2 rye. tiOc; good feeding
barley. 37®38c; fair to cnoice malting. 42®
45c; No. 1 Caxseed. *1 iiO; No. 1 Northwestern.,
*1 39: mess pork, per barrel.JU 05«13 10; lard.
Per 100 pounds. $7 12%@7 10; short rlbe sides
(loo=e) S7 80#7 95; short clear sides (boxed),
?7^7%®8: whisky" basis « £ high wine*. $127;
i^SfekSgS g S£ Shipment.
Flnur barrel* 33. W0 15.900
Wheat bushels" " ..... . . . 227.000 30.400
Corn, bushels oif'SJK linooo
Oats, bus-he 15..... ,••• 27 ''^ 140.000
Rye. bu5he15......... ?t-®!°? t -®!° '"cicii
Barley, bushels.... 2J.000 B.IW
Butter, CliceMe and Eggs.
CHICAGO July "27.— 0n the Produce Ex
change to-day tKe BUttef niarkef «v ' steady.'
Creamery. loW^! dairy 15%@18%c. Eggs,
firm; at mark, 15c; firsts. l(Jc; prime first*. 1!>C;
extras, 20c. Cheeae, strong. 10' / 4@11%c.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MAUKET.
Omaha.
OMAHA. July,.2S.-CATTLE-Receipt3 2700.
Steady. Native steers, $3 JW©3 50; cows and
heifers, $2 750+40; Western steers. j $J«H • «»0;
Texas steers, $2 75@3 75; cows and heifers.
$2(g3 50; canners, $1 75<52 40; stockers and
feeders. $2 BO^;- calves, $3@5 00; bulls and
St lloGS^Receipts 10,000. Market 2%c higher.
Heavy $5 oO<gs C 0: mixed. $5 55®5 CO; light,
$5 50®5 55; pigs. $4 75(g6 50;. bulk of gale*.
S5 554} 5 GO. *• •. ' •
SHEEP— Receipts 4200. Slow and steady.
Western yearlings. $4 50g>5; wethers, $454 50;
ewes, $3 75©4 25; lambs, $US6 75.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, July 27.— CATTLE— Receipts
8000 Steady. ' Good to prime steers, $5 15®
5 90* poor to medium, $3 75@5; stackers and
feeders, $2 25@4 25; cows, $2 50©4 00; heifers.
12 40#4 S5; canners, $1 75@2 30; bulls, *2 10®
4; calves, $3@B 80; Texas fed steers, $3@4 75.
HOGS — Receipts 20,000: to-morrow, 15,000.
Market 5c lower. Mixed and butchers', *5 40®
k: good to choice heavy. $5 80<S0: rough heavy.
$5 20#5 75; light, .|5 50@>tt 10; bulk or sales.
$5 75ff?6.
SHEEP— Receipts 18.000.' Slow and steady.
Good to choice wethers, $4 05®4 95: fair to
choice mixed. $4@4 50; Western sheep, $4®
4 80; native lambs. $5@7; Western lambs, $5@
6 75.
Kanaaft City.
KANSAS CITY, July 27.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts 40CO. Steady to strens. Native Meers,
f4@s C 5; native cows and heifers. $2t?5: stock
ers and feeders. $2 75@4 25: bulls. $2©3 75;
calves, $3^5 50; Western fed steers, $3 50@5;
Western fed cows, J2(®4.
HOGS^Recclpts SCOO. Steady to 5c lower.
Bulk of sales. $5 tissx3 75; heavy, $5 60«6 70;
packers, $5 Cs@s 77%; pigs and lights, $5 650
5 80. "
SHEEP — Receipts 2000. Steady. Muttons,
$455 25: lambs. $s«t« 23: range wethers, $4 50
@5"25: fed ewes, $484 50.
MISCELLANEOUS MAR— ETS.
ForclK.il Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ' - July. Sept. Dec.
Opening Nominal. 68% 67%
Closing Nominal. C 9% 67%
PARIS.
Wheat ' July. Nov-Feb.
Opening ......: .......24 80 22 70
Closing ...;. 25 25 22 65
Flour — .
Opening ........ ...3110 30 05
Closing . . \u25a0; . . ............. 31 10 SO 05
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. July 27.— WOOL— Steady. Ter
ritory and Western mediums,. 280>3.0c; fine me
dium, 23@20c; fine. 16©lSc.
Wort hern AVheat Market.
, OREGON.
PORTLAND, July 27.— Wheat for exports
Club, 73@75c; Bluestem. 78(580c; Valley, sOc.
WASHINGTON. '
TACOMA, July 27.— Wheat quoted " by
mlllera: Old Bluestem. No. 1. 89c;. Club No.
1. 80c; new Club. 74@75c; Bluestem. 70c.'.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, July' 27.— Clearings. $1,193,154;
!TA! TA 1 COMA. - July '27. —Clearings, $541,403; bal
an sPOKANE.' July 27.— Clearings, $382.17T;
balances. $32,189. \u25a0 '\u25a0
PORTLAND, July 27. — Clearings, $582,255;
balances, $89,355. . ...
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exclionpe and Bullion.
local: \u25a0 iX
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — @4 85^
Sterling " Exchange.- : sight -. — <Qi 87«-4
Sterling Exchange. • cables .V — ©4 SSVi
New York 'Exchange, sight...... .— © '05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — © 07%
Silver, per ounce-, n tir.Vf « | 58%@ —
Mexican Dollars, nominal ; * ..... 45 ©4754
•- / INTERNATIONAL. -
New. York on ' Paris ......;. .....5.10%
New York on Mexico 202 :
Paris on London 25.1H14
Berlin on London \u0084'..... J ..... ........... 20.47
AVbeai and Otber Grains.
WHEAT— Bropmhall cables that the strength
in -Liverpool' Is due to the . Russian Mtuatlon,
where • crops," ' especially In the Volga districts,
are -nreatcned with at least partial failure. ••»
\u25a0 • Chicago' was fractionally firmer and >~<thia
market followed ; suit as far.", an futures were
concerned. There was no change In the fash
eTatn \ ' CASH WHKAT. ; '. ;';."\u25a0; .
California Club. . *V 4 J^£V S JI : C*»foraJ»
White Australian. $1 COgl G5; Northern
Club. $1 60511 55: Ncrtherti- Bluestem. $1 €2%
«UG7«/4: Northern-Red. £1 5061 61^4 per ctl;
lower grades of Wheat.* $1 3001 40 per ctl. -
FUTURES. •; ;. '. ' • <.--
Session 8: to 11 :30 a. m. ; \u25a0': r'-"'>* .
' .Open.; High, t- Low. -Close.
December ...$1 44^ $1 44% il 44^. $1 «%
'-, •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -;:.i p tn. Session. .7
' v Open. High. - Low. Close.
December ...$l-4*14 \sl 4494 »1 44% -$l 44%
-: BARLEY— The ; market •\u25a0; showed rather ; mors
. toue yesterday, with buyers more dlspoatd to
take hold, though quotations showed no mate
rial change. Some holders were asking
$1 02% for choice Feed and refusing to sell
for less, while others let go at. the quotations
below. \ There, were sales of new brewing at
the quotations, though the brewers are not yet
taking^Jftis description.
/ CASH BARLET.
F/ed, 95c@$l. with $1 04% for extra choice
bright; new Brewing. 51 03(81.10; Chevalier,
-f— per ctl. • , ,
/ - FUTURES.
/ Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m. .
Open. - High.-— Low. Close.
December ... 97% 98% 97% 97%
2 : p. m. Session.
' Open. High. Low. Close.
December-... 97% 95% 97X. 95%
\u25a0 OATS— Tb€ ' situation remains unchanged,
good grades being. firm and poor grades weak
and out of favor. Offerings are rnodtra'.e.
Red. $1 30@l 35 for choice. $1 22%51 27%
for fair to good and $1 15@1 20 for common.
CORN— AII quotations remain unchanged,
with a quiet market and no arrivals from the
. < Western sacked. $1 40@l 45 for Tellaw and
White and $140 for .Mixed; California large
Yellow, $1 45@1 47%: small round do. $1 553
1 60; White, $1 37%@1 4*%; Egyptian. $1 40
61 50 for White and $1 35@1 40 for Brown.
RYE— $l 47%@1 50 per-otl.:
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75^2 25 per ctl. .
Floor and j Knrlnnceona Gooda. .
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 SO<f
5 10' usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 ?o@s;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4©4 30
per bbl. • "
FARINACEOUS 'GOODS — Prices in packages
are as follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour. $3 75 <in barrels. $4 75); ' Rye
Meal. $3 50 (in barrels. $4 50): Rice Flour.
SS- Corn Meal, $2 50; extra cream do. S3 75;
Oat Meal $4 25®4 50; Oat Groats, $4 50;
Hominy. $3 75®4; Buckwheat Flour. $4 509
4 75- Cracked Wheat. $.175; Farina, $4 50:
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls,
*6 WS7 50; In sacks. $6(87: Pearl Barley; $0;
Split Peas, boxes. $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per
100 lbs. . _^_
Hay and Feedstuff*.
Hay continues as previously stated. The
tracks' are still gorged with -cars awaiting
buyers. There Is nothing new in Feodstutls.
• BRAN— S2I &0522 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — «26©2S 50 per ton. -
SHORTS— *!KJ©24 per ton.
\u25a0 FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley $21 50023 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $33 50@34 50: jobbing,
$35: Cocoanut Cake at mill. $22@22 50; Jobbing.
$23; Cocdanut Meal at mill. $22<g22 50; jobbing.
$23; Corn Meal, $30330 50; Cracked Corn.
$30 50®31; Mixed F-?ed. $22 50@24: Horse
Beans, $30jJ40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed 903
per ctj« Calfalfa Meal, carload lota, $21; job
bing. $22 50 per ton: Mealfalfa, $1S in car lots
and $20 for smaller quantities.
HAY— Wheat. $9@13 50; Wheat and Oat,
$$ 50@12 50; Oat. $7@ll 50; Barley and Oat.
S7®lo- Barley, $6 6tf€»9- Volunteer Wild Oat,
$5*?S; stable. $6 50@8 60; stock, $s#ti; Clover,
$7010: Alfalfa. $6@» per ton. : :
STRAW — So®soc per bale. \u25a0
Beans and Seeds.
\u25a0 There is nothing new under this head. Beans
continue firmly held, but quiet. _ -j?
BEANS— Bayos, $3 50®4; Pea, $3@3 50; But-
Ur. $2 50#4; email White. $3 25@3 75; large
White. $2 5052 90: Pink, $1 Eo<32 50 for (air
to good and $3 25@3 75 for Choice; Red, $3 50
<J7J Lima, $5 7055 75; Red Kidneys, $3@4 50;
Blackeyes, $3@3 15 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$1 25^2. \u25a0"
SEEDS-^Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax $2 25® 2 75; Canary,
6%ct Alfalfa, 10@llc for California and 120
13c for Utah; Rape. 2%i3:j%e: Timothy, nomi
nal; Hemp. 3%c per lb; Millet. 2%@3%c:
Bro6m . Corn Seed, $20621 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2@2 25; Green Peas,
$1,60@2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onion* and Vegetablea.
Dullness and low prices still characterized
the market for Potatoes and Onions. Only thn
fanciest offerings of White Potatoes > received
any attention and retailers were taking jest
abdut endugh to meet Immediate requirements.
Nearly everything on the list of vegetables
was In free supply and prices of most descrip
tions . had a downward tendency. Tomatoei
were firm in the early trade on account of the
late arrival of the river boats, but prkea
broke sharply upon the receipt of the belated
supplies, which were heavy. Cucumbers war^
abundant and weak, the outside quotation be
ing obtained only in a peddling way during
the early morning hours.
POT ATOES— New— EarIy Rose. 50@60c per
ctl: White, 50c@$l per ctl: Salinas Burbank*.'
90c95l Per ctl: Garnet Chiles, 40& 55 c per ctl.
ONIONS— YeIIow. 80c®$l 10 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, o@3%c per lb;
String and Wax Beans. -4®sc per lb; Lima
Beans, 5c per lb; Tomatoes, 40® 75c per
box; Summer Squash. 40@50c per box; Cucum
bers, 50S-76C per box ; Cabbage Bsc per ctl;
Carrots, 75c per sack; Garlic. 384 c p«r ib;
Egg Plant, $1&1 25 per box; Green teppers,
sO(s7!ic per box for Chile and $I@l 23 for
Bell: Green Okra, 75c®$l per box; Green Corn.
$1 75(ff2 per eack and $1 75g2 50 per crate.
' Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Western' Poultry, consisting al
most entirely of large Hens, were placed on
sale and cleaned up readily at good prioea.
The I market for domestic ; stock remained weak
at the old quotations, receipts being heavy
and- the carry-over from the preceding d^y
large. Fryers and. Broilers were still the most
plentiful and weakest descriptions.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. lt»&21c per lb for
old and 23©25 c for young; Geese, per pair,
$1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 50&1 75; Ducks. $3 50
@4 per dozen for old and $4@4 50 for young:
Hens, $4@5 for small and $5 su@tj for
large; young RbosterS. $4 50yO; old Roos
ters $4j?4 50; Fryers, $3@3 50; Broilers, $2@3;
Pigeons. $1 25- Squabs $1 50@l 75.
GAME— Hare, $1 50@l 75 per dozen; Cot
tontail Rabbits. $150&2 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and figrga. J
Continued Weakness prevailed In the Butter
market, with holders making concession^ to
effect sales. Stocks In most bouses were large,
though several were short, and such houses re
ported n o decline In prices. .The recent ad
vance In prices has led to offerings out of
cold storage, as per quotations below. Per
contra, some of the current fresh arrivals are
being placed In storage In default of buyiw.
It was stated in the afternoon that a number
of houses would send out cards to-day offer
ing their finest creameries at 23c.
Cheese remains as before stated. Receipts
yesterday were remarkably large.
Some houses are reporting a weaker market
for Eggs, bat, quotations have not yet shown
any decline.
Receipts were 65. 500 lbs Butter, 1109 cases
Eggs and 107.300 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 23®24c
for extras and 22^22% c for lower and medium
grades; dairy 20«22c; cold storage. 21%®2Jc;
store Butter. "leignHc.
' CHEESE — Good to choice mild new, 9@9%c;
Young Americas, 10%@11c; Eastern. 14@150
EGGS— Ranch 25#270 for large white se
lected and 22%Q24c for fair to good; store
Eggs. 15Q20c; Eastern firsts. 19:821 c; seconds.
XB&18C per dozen. \u25a0 .. .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
A good portion of the day's arrivals of
fresh fruits, particularly those from the river
districts, came to hand late, and as a result
there was a scarcity of choice stock during
the early trade. The market ruled firm • for
nearly everything in the deciduous line at the
opening, but. weakened slightly upon the ar^
rival of the belated supplies. Prices of the
leading descriptions ruled steady, however, as
the canners were still purchasing freely and
the demand for regular consumptive account
was up' to the average. \u25a0 Apricots in crates
were firmer and Peaches had an Upward ten
dency offerings In open boxes I from Sonoma
finding ready sale at 60073 c per bbx. | Plums.
Prunes Nectarines and wrapped Pears of gooct
quality were steady and Figs were still scarce
and high. Grapes were In Increased supply
and larger variety, but ' were rather slow of
sale \u25a0 " A straight \u25a0 carload of Seedless . falls
dve 'to-day from Sultana. Nutmeg Melons and
Cantaloupes Were firm during the early trade
because of the belated river boat, but there :
*as plenty ' of stock available at ' reasonable
prices later on. ' Berries were quoted steady
to firm •as to variety and quality. , Lemons j
were firmly held at sharply advanced rate?, ;
the high prices paid at shipping poliita neces-*
sttatlng the asking of " correspondingly high
prices here, Otherwise there was nothing new
to report in Citrus goods
STRAWBERRIES— Per chest. Longworths.
$3®B: large varieties, $2 50®3 50.
RASPBERRIES— Per chest. $.!i56.
LOGANBERRIES— S6 per chest. ; '
BLACKBERRIES— SI jW^per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— IO@I2%c per lb. \u0084..,.
APPLES— BSc@SI 16 per box Tor faVrty and
40(Q75c for common to • choice; Crab Apples,
1 75cifT$l 50 per box. } \u25a0\u25a0-'\u25a0
APRICOTS — Crates. 60@85c; small boxes, 40
@50c; in bulk. $30®33 per ton. . .- ,_^
\u25a0 pr ACHES — Small boxes.' 40<£C0c; carriers.
50075 - larce boxes. -50@75c; in bulk. $3C©35
pef ton for Freestone and $50060 for Cllng-
St PEARS— Bartlett. $lfl 75 per b?x: In
butlr- $60 per ton for No. 1 and $25@30 for
No -2- \u25a0 Dearborn Stedlings. 60c®$l per box.
\u25a0 pt TIMS AND PRUNES — Small boxes and
crates. 35®60c Plums. In . bulk. $10©12 50
pe NFrT>RINES-^-Red. eOc@sl "per boxi White.'
50c per , crate. \u25a0** \u25a0 ' .
FIGS— SI 75®2 50 -per. orawer. .
MELONS! — Cantaloupes, $2 oO©rt per crate for
r»v»r and $1 25ffl-75 for Bakersfleld; Nutmeg
Melons" river. $l@l'Go per box; Coachella.
$1 5C©2 50 per crate; Watermelons. $I@3 per
Crates. 75c«i$l; small boxes.
Kflffj!7sc- ! large boxes,' fl 25. -
riTRUS FRUITS— Oranges. Valenclas. $2 50
«4 ncr box; > Mediterranean \u25a0 Sweets. $l«f2:
Lemons $2 B0«4 50; \u25a0 Grape Fruit. $1 50©
2 50- Mexican Limes, $4 50@5 per case; . Ba
nanas $2 5003 per bunch for Central Ameri
can* and $I@l 75 tor? Hawaiian; Pineapples,
%l 50®2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruit. Nuts. Raisins and Honey.
Opening prices for new Figs- are reported
from : New York, a* -.Will ; : be seen .in the . first
C °Hone'y continues dUll at previous prices.
FRUITS— Apricots. - 5%*7%0 ; for r.«w :cr6p
Royals -and \u25a0 'for.- Moorparks; ;; Peaches.
eueettc for standards, 70" Vie for choice... 7»S
—fqio for extra, choice and fcffSUc for fancy;
Pears " old. 7©llc; Pluman nominal ; new EvaD
orated Apples, 7Vi®Bc; iun-drled. 2g3c per lb.
' PRUNES— OW crop..2Ji@2sic per lb for the.
four sizes and 3@3U basis for the large sizes.
N«w crop Prunes 3£?3%c four-size basis, with
3%c asked by many.
RAISINS — 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno— Dehesa
clusters, $1 33@1 40; London Layers. 85©95 c;
Loose Muscatels, 4-crown, " 4%55c; 3-crown.
454% c; 2-crown. 3®3Vic; Thompson's Seed
less. 4"»4%c; Seeded. 4%©5»4c per lb.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12®13c:
No 2. 10@llc: No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2.
10c- Almonds l»Sl7c for Nonpareils, 15®16c
ror : l X L and N« Plus Ultra and 110120 for
Languedoc; Peanuts 6@7c for Eastern: Pe
cans, ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $4 5005.
HOVEY — Comb." 10011 c for white and .®9c
for amber: water white extracted. 505% c;
light amber extracted 433 c: dark. B©3%c;
Hawaiian 2*> ol/ .c for extracted.
BEESWAX— 276 29g pef lb. -
Provision*.
All houses, report trade dull at unchanged
quotations. '
CURED MEATS— Bacon. llWc per lb for
heavy, ll«Jlffl2c for light medium. 13c for light,
13% c for extra light and 16©17% c tor sugar
cured; dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies. 11 %c:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13% c: California
Hams, 12% c; Mess Beef. $9 50 per bbl; extra
Mess, $10; Family. $11: prime Mess Pork. $14;.
extra clear. $19 60; Mess. $17 50: Pig Pork.
$22; Pigs' Feet. $3: Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%c . per lb . for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9«*®9%0 for pure: half-barrels, pure, 9%9
9%c; 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins. 10% c; 3-lb Una.
COTTOLENE— On* half barrel. BHc: three
half barrels. S%c; one tUrce. Sc; two tierces.
7%c : five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides. Tallow, Wool and Hop*.
No further change In Hides or Wool Is re
ported.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 11%©12 c; medium lie; light, lie; Cow
Hides, lie for heavy and lie for light;
Stags 8c: Salted Kip lie: Salted Veal, 12c;
Salted Calf. 13c: dry Hides. 19c: dry Kip.
17c: dry Calf. 21c; Sheepskins,' shearlings,
25<§40c each; short Wool. Jo<S7sc each: ra:dium,
90c@f 1 10: lons *Wool. ?1 2502; Horse Hides,
salt $3 for large and $2 75 for medium.
$2 25 for small and 50e for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 . for larjre and $1 50 for
medium, $1 for small and 60c for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican, 30c: dry .salted Mexican.
25c: dry Central American. 30c. Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras. 75c; - extra 1 large do. $1 25.
lartre. 50c- medium. 50c: small. 35c.
TALLOW*— No. 1 rendered, 3% ©4 c per lb;
No 2. 3®3%c: Grea«-, 1%©2% C
WOOL — Spring clip — Humboldt and Mendc—
cino. 2S«3Oc.- Fall clip— San Joaquin Lambs,
free. 19fi21c: do. defective. 17®20c per lb.
HOPS— I9O4 crop. 16%@15%c per lb; 1905
crop, . 15c. ." .. , • -
Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS. \u25a0
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: . , ;
BEEF— 4%©5%c for Steers and 3%©4% c per
lb for Cows.
YEAL — Large. 6®7c; small. 7@S%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6©7 c: Ewes, 5®6%c
per lb
LAMB— B®9c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hosts, «%®9c per lb."
LIVESTOCK MARKET. :
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 40^
43 pet cent shrinkage for Cattle: *
CATTLE— Steers. s%©Bc; Cows . and H«lf
ers. 4®4%c.
. CALVES— 3%O4c per lb (gross w«lght).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@3%c; Ewes. 3S3Vic
per lb (gross weight).
LAMB3— S2 75^3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hoks. 130 t6 200 lbs. 5% \u25a086:;
over 200 lbrf. 5%®5%c; Feeders, nominal; Sows
2t> per c*nt 6tt: Boars. 5O per cent otf. and
Stags. 40 per cent 02 from above quotations.
. General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 7c; Wool Bags. 27<sj31c;
Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit Bags, 6\LQ7c.
: COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $5; Seattle. $9 30: Bryant. .$6 50;
Beaver Hill, ?5 50: Roslyn, $7; COO 3 Bay. $5,50;
Richmond. $s; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and'
$14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 60; Cannel. $9 per ton: Coke. $11 50®13 per
ton in bulk and 915 laoacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions. $3 50 per short ton.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add sc ; Linseed. G4c per gallon for boiled and
62c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA, cases $1 147*1 1C: Lucol. 56c for
boiled and 54c for raw; Chfna Nut. cases. 65tj(
80c p»r gallon; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels 5Sc
for Ceylvn and 55c for Australian: extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. €8c; natural 'winter
Sperm Oil, 63c; extra bleacb«d winter Whala
OH' 57c- natural Whale Oil 52c: extra winter
strained' Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c:
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No; 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
t3e; light -Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c- Salmon Oil, 34c; boiled Fish OIL 37c; raw
Fish Oil 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c: raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL GASOLINE. ETC.— Water White
Coal Oil. In -bulk, lie; Pearl Oil In cases,
17% c: Astral. 17% c: Star, 17% c; Extra Star,
'.!o%c: Elaine. 260; Eoceoe. 19% c; Stove Gaso
line In bulk HUe; In cases, 21c; Motor.Gaso
line In bulk. .14% c: In cases. 21c : No. 1 En
gine Distillate. Iron barrels or drums, 8c; No.
2 do. 6%c: case's 6%c more; Benzine. In bulk.
12W.c- In cases. 1 19 c; 86-degree Gasoline. In
bulk, 25c: In cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE— S3o per gallon In cases and
77c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 7%9
Sc per lb; White Lead. 7 % SSc. . according to
quantity. - • '
SUGAR — The Western Suirar Refining Com
pany quotes' as follows, per lb/ In 100-lb bass:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.10 c:
Powdered. 4.05 c; Candy Granulated. 4.95 c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 4.85 c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
4 Ssc; Fruit Granulated. 4.55 c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 4.75 c; Confectioner*'
A 4*sc; Magnolia A. 4.45 c: Extra C. 4.35 c;
Golden C 4.25 c: "D." 4.15 c; barrels, 100 more;
half barrels 25c more: boxes, SOo more; 60-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. C.35c; boxes. 5.60 c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlncs 7.85 c per lb. \u25a0> No order taken for leas
than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
' Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. JULY. 27.
Flour, qr 5k5... 14.245 Wool. bal«s 117
Wheat, ctl» I.OIS Alfalfa, sks 3
Barley ctls .... 9.A41 Leather, rolls ... 33
Oats ctl» 3.741 Hides, No 60S
Beans, cks 1.125 Pelts. No SOO
Corn, ctls 6 Tallow ctls .... 230
Rye ctls '. 130 Lime, bbls IS2
Potatoes, sks ... 4,417 Paper, reams ... £33
Onions, sks 1.475 Sugar. ctU 800
Middlings, ska .. 40 Brandy, gals .... 200
Hay tons 716[Wine. gals 56.273
OREGON.
Wheat! ctls ...'.8.4641 Wool, bales ..... V;.U
STOCK MARKET.
Bualnesa Still Quiet In All Classes of
Stocks.
There were fair sales of bonds on the Stock
and Bond Exchange yesterday, but shares
were quiet, and beyond an advance In Alaska
Packers to $S9 showed no changes worthy of
comment. The mining stocks were Also devlod
of marked variations.
The Occidental Oil Company has levied an
assessment of 2%c. delinquent August 37. "
The Pullman Company has declared a regu
lar quarterly dividend of- $2 p«r share on the
capital stock, payable August 1. ...
STOCK AND BO.YD EXCHANGE.
THURBDAT. July 27— « p. m.
• UNITED STATES . BONDS.
Bid. Ask. l Bid. Ask.
4s qr c0up. .104 104% 4S4 S qr cp new. 132% 133%
4s qr reg...104 104fe!3s qr eoup...lW 104%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Bs. — — O W gtd 6s. — 80
Asso Oil ss. 86% •=— Oceanic S 69 65 70
Bay CPC 55.107 107« Om Cable C 5.121 121%
Cal C G* 53.108 — Pac Olm 4s. — 87%
Cal O& B g P E Ry 55.. 112 —
m& ct ss. — 94% Pac L&P 55. 100 —
Cal-st C 85.112 - P;& C H 6.103% —
C C Wat 65. 102 — P& O R 65.110 — *
EdL & P 65.124% — Powell-st 6s. — —
F& C H 65.112% — Sac EG&RSs.IO«U —
Geary-et 55.. 60 60 SF * SJVss.l2o»i —
H C&S 3%5.107% — SF.OK& SJSS.IIOV* —
Do 5s .V..107%1CS Sierra R 65.112%114 .
%&.&£» - !ffi s f.. B:™«zB :™«z
LAP lem M.UI — (1012) ..... 114*4 —
Mkt-st C 65.112 — SPC 1 eg 65.11«U —
Do I'm 55.115% — Do stampd.lC3% —
M?& MtTSs-IOR - 8P B R 65.134%13«H
NR of C 65.10.TK — SV' Wat 65.103S —
Do 5s ...-1303 — Do 4i 2dm.100t4 —
N P C'R 65.104% — , Do 4s 3dm.100 r —
N C Ry 55.. — 112 Do g mts4s 873 i —
NC PC ss. 96% 99 Stkn GAECs. m —
O G L&H 6» — — UO & X 55.104« —
Oak TCo e5.119% — UR of SF 4s. 01 81%
Do 5s .... 112 - ! Val CO P 65,103% — ~
Do con 65. 109% — I \u25a0 •
WATER STOCKS. " •
Contra CosU 4t& 42%tPort Costa...,— .68
Marln C 0.... 55 - {s V Wat Co. 38% 37
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L& P. ? 3tf — Pa'e LCo «3J4 —
Martel Powr ;1% \u25a0 .1% SFO & E/ 91 U *m
Mutual EL. 11% 12% Stkn G&E. — 3 .
• INSURANCE.
Flrem'i " Fnd.325 '\u25a0\u25a0 — I
BANK STOCKS.
\m Ntl 8k.127%135 . [L P & A.... — 160
<ngl6-Cal .. SS% — Mer Trust.... -^ 230 .
Bank of Ca1.424 430 Merch Ex.... 63 —
Cal Safe Dp.155%160 SF National — .160
Frst Natlonl.3oo 322%! .
SAVINGS BANKS.
GrrS & L.2520 — SavA L So.r— 100
Hum Say Bi — — Sec Say 8k..395
Mutual Eav.lCO Union T C 0.2700. 2700 3300
S F Say U-630 — I
V ." STREET RAIROADS.
California .. 210 —- I Presidio ". . . ..89% -41
Hawaiian C..SS% — jMakawell C. 36% 37
Hon.->kaa S C 13* i 16H Onomea SC. — 37
Hutch SP C 14 -i 15 [Paauhau S C 22ft —
Kilauea SC — . 6&1
AUCTION SALES
BY ORDER OF
JOHN MERREtL Of Reno
I WILL SELL
100 Head of the Best Lot of Horses
Ever offered in the market. Tney ar« Teiry
gentle and wellbred: will weigh from 1000 to>
14C0 pounds. .. ../
- Also' a lot of well-matched teams of blacks,
bays and chestnut sorrels. . .
These horse* hay- Just arrived an! cjj M
seen at any time at the •
Western Horse Market, 220 Valenacla St.
;-.:. \. . . \u25a0 Don't forget, the- data
MONDAY, July 31 - - II A. M.
. Every , torse offered will be sold regardless .
of orlee.~ • ...
Chattel Mortgage Auction
* * * \u25a0 \u25a0 . .
By order of tha-U. S. Bankruptcy Court /th»
Nlnth-st Livery Stables. 368 and 570 Nlnta st.
Oakland, on- FRIDAY. July- 28.'. 1906., at" 3
o'clock p. m. Entire business to be sold lr»
ont lot to apply on chattel mortgage Hen held
by Continental Investment Co. against James
Hutchison, a- bankrupt, about 80 horses. 23
buggies. 6O sets harness. 18 mall carts.- «ar-
rlages. phaetons and all other personal prop-
erty covered by said mortgage, including sta-
ble barns and 5-rooro house. Business and
mall contracts may b« continued. Terms cash.
For particulars Inquire of MAX MARCuSE.
' Auctioneer. 1)13 Broadway. Oakland.
«. AT AUCTION. «0 bead of aU-purposa
T-T* HORSES 10 wagons. 5 buggies. 2 sur-
reys, fl saddles. 15 sets harness; must N» sold
to the highest bidder at 11 a. in. SATURDAT.
July 29. 813 Broadway. Oakland. J. F. . 8A1»-
GARTEN. Auctioneer. !___— .. —^
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.*SS% 89 I Oceania 8 Co. \ • •
Cal F C A.IOO 101% Pac Aux VA. 4 5 ,
Cal Win* A. 83% S4 I Pac C 80ne. 153 —
MV4 MtTm. — — fPae S Tel CO.IOIH — .
SALES. - "\u25a0 > '. ; '* r . f »
Morning Session.
Beard — __ */ -' i
ICO California "Wine Assoclatlca. . . 83 50
60 Paauhau 8 P Co 23 73
30 Pac States T»l & Tel Co 102 00
15 S F Gas ft Electric 61 25
125 Spring Valley Water Co S8 75
(S.OOO Oakland Tranitt 5s 112 25 .
12.CC0 Pacific Electric Ry 6s 112 00
$3,000 United R R of S V 4* 9X 25
$13,000 SF. Oak & S Joaa Ry 5a.... 110 37 Vi
$3,000 S P of* Arizona (1910) 108 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packer*' Association. . . 89 CO
100 California Wins Association... S3 5O
CO Honokaa S Co 18 00
100 Paauhau S P Co 23 75
33 S F Gas ft Electrlo. 61 25
20 Spring Valley Water Co 38 75
$1 CCO Northern Cal Power Co 5t.... 97 CO •
53.000 Oakland Transit Con 5s 109 CO
JI.OOO Oakland Transit Con ss. a 90.1C9 25
$4,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s 112 CO
$4,000 United RRotSI 1 4t... 91 12%>
$5.0C0 Market-st Ry l«t con 6» 115 73
$S.OOO Market-st Ry Ist coa 6a. ...116 00
$20.0C0 Market-st Ry Ist con 65.... 113 81 $4
$10,000 Northern Ry of Cal ss, 120 50
Street— " \u25a0
25 Alaska Packers' Association... 89 00
80 Honokaa 3 Co 18 00
Unlisted Secnrltlca,
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 65. 105% — SF Drydk 5«-112%i —- '
B L Wat 63.113 — SJf *NP sa. — 95
Cal NW 5s.:lll — SP C R 4a. 90 85
M C Wat 3s. — 114 Sun Tel e«...111*'. —
OkT Con ss. - 105% Do 5s H l% ;H#
Rls I Wksss — 103 Suttr-st R35.105 110
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0...— 28 Gaa Con A.. 19 .20^
Cal Cot Mils 82 — Mat Naf C 0.113 —
Cal O&ECor. — 60 Mills Nat 8k.300 —
C Jockey C 1.129 — NS R R CO. — 12? i
Cal Powder.l 73 — N Cal P Co. 9% 10 .
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak Bk 3av.145 —
Cal TI*T- 142% lOOF Hall A «V 5 — .
Cen Bk. Oak — «57% Oroheum Co. — 16%f.
Chutes Co.. 4 »% PacC Cas Ca132%134
City & C 8k.107%119 Pac Sur Co.. — 120
Cyp L Imp.. — * Paraf Paint.. 90 —
DptPwd pfd. 85 90 S F Drydock — 75
Do com . . «>% — SF A SJCoal. 20 27%
FN Bk. 0ak.120 — S Jom Wat..lO3Vi —
Fischer Thtr — IV* 3O & MTgbt.l23 —
Frnch-A Bk.lO«%110 Swlss-A 8k..120 —
Hono P Co.. 82 34 Truck Elect.. — 15
Do old pool 32% 34 Union S Co.. — 34%
Do nw pool 33 34 W- Fargo 8k.205 : — -,•
California Stock and. Oil Erehaage.
Asso. Oil Stk. Tr. Cer 53 60
Chicago Crud« (new) 08 ....
Claremont •• » 3
Forty *? • ..-•
Four ' * J .
Home „„$$ ••••
Imperial 12 00 ....
Independence 25 28
Junction .........••.•••... 17 ••••
Kern 13 75 ....
Kern (new) - 30
Monarch Pool 10 ••zz.,
Monte Crlsto 80 82Vi
Occidental of W. Va 02 03
Oil City Petroleum ........ 57 60
Reed Cruds 22 »...
Sovereign 28 .S
Sterling •• * £0
Superior M 05
Thlrty-Thro* 4 50- 100
SALES. . >
Morning Session.
63C0 Occidental Oil — •••• 08
Afternoon Session.
500 Independence Oil ...*»~ »
Mlnlne Stocita.
SAJT FRANCISCO STOCK KTCHAHOB.
Following were the sales on tie Saa Fraa
clsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
9:30 a. m. Session — Cosutocks.
200Chonar 19! 100 Bava*» JJ
SOOChallengs ... 25 800 Se» B«!oli«r... ,05
100 Gould & Car. 171 200 Ualon C0n.... 41
ICOO Julia \u25a0 06 200 Ytllow Jaekat. 23
100 Orenaan .... 1« 'Sjt'v'
13 m. Informal Sessloo— Comstoeka,
l<v> *i«na .:..... 08r "100 Mexican ,IW.
100 Andes ....... 17 KSES! r ••••••i - 2«T?
100 Belcher }j\ $O Ophlr •«%
50 Best A B«lcn.l 2O< IC-0 Overrsaa 19
100 Caledonia ... 44 **« Potort IS
lOnChallengs ... 24 100 Sava«<» ........
200 Chollar 19 100 Sejr Bftlenar... 08
50 Con Va M Co.l 80s 100 Sierra N*r.... ,;2T
ICO Gftuld & Cur. 18 1000 gllv«r Hi 11.... 83.
100 Hale * Norc.l 00 SCO Union C0n.... 41
300 Julia OS 200 Utah 09
200 Justice Wt 100 Yellow Jacks*. 23
3 9. ra. Session— Comstodka.
200 Best & Belch. 1 20{ 400 O«aI4 & Cor. 17
600 Con Va M Co.l so| 100 Hal* * . Noml 80
ICO C Va M, t30.1 So|
CLO3INO QUOTATIOKt. " .
Bld.AsTc-1 ' Bld.A*k.
Aloha ....... 07 06tJu«tlo» M 0«
«"t.*3 M 18 lSfLadr Wash .. — 04.
B«icher 17 19. Mexican ...... 1 80 ISS
Bullion .1.... 40 45 Occidental ... 97 X
Beit & Belch.l 15 1 25! Ophlr ....« C^ « 57%
Caledonia ... « 43!Ot>hir.Bnxns... 09. 11
Challenge ... .24 23-Orermaa \u25ba.... 15, IT.
Chollar ...... 13 20fPotosl 12 13
Con Va M Co.! 25 1 30!|a«ag» ,«9^ 70
Confidence ... W> »S Scorpion ~.... 0T 10
Con. Imperial. 01 O2lSe» Bolch«r... 04 08
Crown Point.. 14 13 Sl«r» Krr.... 28 27"
Con N T -Ot 02' St LouU .... — 10
H Sierra K«v. 03 OSlSUvar Hill 92 94
Bttreka C0n..l CO — Syndicate .... — 10
Gould & Cur. 16 '17 Union C0n.... ,40 "41
\u25a0Exchequer ... 50 B3{T>-- 07 .08.'
Hale 4 Noro.l 85 1 95'Tellow Jackat. 22 23
Julia ........ 04 05;
TOJfOPAH AND ' GOLDFIEUO STOCKS. v<\u25a0
... Mornlnj Session. : \u25a0 \u25a0"- ••
10CO Adams, b 90. 03lll(V» Mont Ton ..3 02%
2000 Adams t» 60. 03U0OO Ment Ton. 510.3 00
5000 Adams ..;... 03 10. 0C> North 3tar.. 53
200rt Blue Bell ... 04J1CC0 Nwtn Star SS
1000 Bullfrg N B* .'25 1000 Ohio Ton .-... 33
100 Kutle GI.IHJ.. 3312500 Ortv Bullfrog. 23
1000 Forest City .. 23 SCO Stelnway ..... 17
lftPCOHome OellOOOSt !»•• 19
500 Home ....... 05, .100 Ton Blmont.l 17«4
2^oo Jim Butler r.. 73i BO Ton Mdway.nS.l 50
500 LlKe Harris.. t2'. 50 Ton- N*r.. stt-i3 73
500 Llk» Harris.. 03|1200-West End.. l 02%
1300-MacNamara..* 41|100O vTonder 02
'- ' Alternooa Session.
SOOO Adams b fio. 05' 500 Mont Ton. a&3 08
500 Adam*' b SO. -03! 700 Mont Ton ...3 02%
1000 Adams 05f 500 Mont Ta.510.3 02%
I<«*> Atlanta, a 10. .OSI-70CO North Star..... 33
500 Blue Bell ... ot[ 500 Ohio Ton .... 31
SCCO Black Butt«.. 28' 500 Red Tap E».. 03
500 Brunswick .. 14| SCO R«gtu« 03
\u25a0>>"» ->"-ire?t CttT •• 2513600 St Ives. s 3.. 16
2500 Jim Butler .. 73110.000 Home Con... 09.
700 Jim Butler .. 76| 50tl Ton Midway.. 150
500 MacNamara.. 4013200 West End ...ICO
1000 MUpah Ex .. 13!
Continued on Pace 14.
UNITED COPPER COMPANY
Common Dlv No. I
Tbe directors of the United Copper Company
have declared a regular dividend of % of ona
t£r c»nt and * n * xtra addend of % of ons
ier cent, making, l p«r cent or $1.00 per thars
Kn tb* common stock of the" United Copper
Company? payable July 31. ltfOo.
Books clos« July 20. 1805. at 3 9. ra. an*
reopen August 1. 1005. at 10 a. m. -" *
• Artaur P. Hetss*
Vie* rrsaldSßt.
81 Nassau «t. N«w Tork. •
July 10. lOCS.
1516
CALIFORNIA NURSES ASSOCIATION
PREPARING FOR BIG REUNION
Papers on Numerous
Subjects Will
Be. Debated.
Capital Operation to
Be Part of the
Programme.
The California State Nurses* Assocl-j
atlon •will hold its second annual meeting •
at the Cooper Medical College on Tues- j
day and Wednesday. August 1 and 2, I
for which an educational programme has •
been planned. \
Nurses from \ all parts of the State,;
will meet and participate In discussions
which are of the utmost Importance to
the nursing profession. Among the visl- .
tors from the East expected will be Miss
Palmer of New York, editor of the
American Journal of Nursing. The clin
ics and demonstrations will be open to all
nurses and among one of the demonstra
tions will be a capital operation.
The patient to be operated on will coma ••
fiom the City and County Hospital. Ar
rangements have been made for ait ex
hibition of the newest medical and sur
gical appliances sent by San Francisco
and New York houses.
The programme for the two days* meet-
Ing will be in the following order:
DISCUSSION OF PAPERS.
First day. morning session. 9 o'clock — In
vrc&tlun; trenerai meeting, address of wel
come. Dr. WiUiam Fitch Cheney; address of
president. Miss Sophia L. Rutley; reading and
dlsca:slon of the following papers: "Car« of
Tubercular Patients." Miss Helen Scott Hay.
Tasadeca; "The Use and Abas* of Uniforms,"
Miss Katfcerine Brown. San Francisco; 'The
Remuneration o* Nurses." Mm. C. Perry
Jones. San Francisco; "Conditions In Our
Training Schools.". Mrs. W. Evarts Downing
of Suisun; reading and adoption of minutes;
adjournment.
Afternoon session. 1:30 o'clock — Meetlnu of
Rouse -of delegates; reports of officers and com
mittees; discussion as to whether or not due*
eliould be raised so as to allow the Journal
to be «nt free to every member.
Evening: session. 8 o'ciock — Selection of plaoe
of meeting; election of officers and delegates;
reading and adoption of minutes; adjournment-
Second <Sey. morning session. 9 o'clock — A
capital operation wDI be performed In the
amphitheater by Dr. Wallace Irving Terry of
San Francisco: Miss Florence M. HolacUw. &
graduate of Stanford University and Waldeck
Training School. San Franclsoc. will superin
tend the operating-room; Miss Holsdaw. -who
is chief operating-room narse at the Waldeck
Hospital, will be assisted by her pupil nursea.
VARIOUS DEMONSTRATIONS.
Afternoon session. 1:50 o'clock — Among the
dcmonEtratiocr to be given are: Tee method
of applying Buck's extension, a substitute for
sand bags, by nurses from the Children's Hos
pital. Sa-; Francisco: a friction bath by nursea
from the City and Omtaty Hospital. San Fran
cisco: the administration of hypodermatoclysls
and Illustration of bedmaMnr by nurses from
the Clara Barton Hospital. Saa Francisco; a
etram bath, by nurses from the Fabiola Hos
pital. Oakland: preparation of catgut and tio
pucocalne, by Tiurses from the French Hos
pital. Saa Francisco; demonstration In bandag
ing of Uroba. nurses from the Homeopathlo
Hospital. San Francisco; administration of a
Xr.ubeist b&th. bf Miss Cara Hostetter: cor
rective exercises, by Miss Genevieve Cook*:
competitive exhibit of fever charts and bed
6lde notes. All of the hospitals have been
Invited to take part la this exhibit Five dis
tinguished physicians hare beea nvlted to act
as a ]vtrr~
On Wednesday eveang at 7 o'clock a baa
quet will be rivea at the Hotel St. Francis.
The Xuraes' Journal of the Padfio Coast will
have the honor of entertaining Miss Palmer
of New Tcrfc, editor of the American Journal
ol Narslns.
A programme has beea arranred to be given
t>y tha members of the association. Dr. Helen
Parker CHynr!! will bo toastmistreses.
The following toasts will be responded to
by members of the association:
"Our Onesta." MJra Mary Dv Bow; "Cali
fornia." Miss Genevieve Cooke; *"R«niark»."
Miss Palmer; "The Callforc'* State Nursea*
At-aoel»t!on." Mtss S. Gotea Dozler; "Our
Editor." Miss Theresa Earles McCarthy; "The
Nurse of the Future.** Miss Katherine Fitch;
"Our County Associations." Mrs. Harriet W.
Pahl. a Los Angeles delegate: "The Nur»e
la Settlement Work," Miss Octarta« Brlggs.
Town Tnlk.
Damocritus has one of his smashing
food articles In this week's Town Talk
and Harry Cowell has an essay and a
sprightly bit of satirical verse. There
1b the usual amount of sound sense in
the form of editorials, and the Saunter
er keeps his readers posted In the n»ws
of the day. Among Saunterer topics
are: McDougald's Chances for Mayor:
Crocker and the Typothetae; Millionaire
Clark's Serious Operation and Its Possi
ble Consequences; Mrs. Martin." Not a
Title Hunter: the Story of .Harrison
Fisher's Fortunes: Irwln's "Mondays"*
Society at Del Monte; •Ah Excttin*
Chase In* Santa Cruz, eta, etc. \u25a0 There Is
an . Ibsenesque story, with a peculiar
plot, and all th% departments are enter
talnlng.
1O ENJOIN BOTCOTTINO.— Tb« - salt- of
tht Seattle Br«wln« and Mai tin* Company vs.
Peter Hanaea et ml. wm transferred yesterday
from the Superior Court to tb« United State*
Circuit Court. Ba«h Flnnell. attorney for the
complainants, made all the la.bor union* In the
northern district of California defendants In
the suit, and asks that they be enjoined from
boycotttn* the product of the Seattle brewery
. Burnett's Kxtxvuit of Vanilla • has
taken rold. medals over all other brmads." •
DR. NIETO TO PREACH.— Rabbi Jacob
. * t. f, ». !r-4 •.. — 1-^4 ft, .
T[ A Good $200 ' : '.k*:^..^
jplj li» ve s t m eiit> w -W^
»uj Wouldn't it be a good scheme to in- .r. V. . .
J^M yest $200 in a new piano-spaying a Hr J-
few dollars down and ; a -little /every, ;H
r£ \*~~M month? Wouldn't it be a-purcHase',of • y ; ' . '
I y? r T pleasure for the home— a means, of ,'cul-. '\u25a0 r vi 1 r^
1 " ture development for the family? ' ;! -;;\u2666 Kp^~"~~
(g^ j^Sj c have; a splendid Upright^ Piino'jjffn
which we sell for $200. It is new* 'mod- 'g* T H-
crn and reliable in every respect". *,:\u25a0»\u25a0•. "" •
I«pre ' harm to investigate. *' " . .;' ~ w
ffl^> \u25a0\u25a0' |l Pianos Rented S3.QQ Per Mnnth I^-t-t^
iL=3: Be"). CURTAZ & So" :^E '
16 O'Forrell St., S.F. \u25a0; : "jf* : , :.; \u25a0„ ':
J. San Jose, Alameda, Fresno -jJm''-
OFFICERS OF THE CALIFORNIA STATE NURSEB' ASSOCIATION. WHICH < WILL HOLD ITS SECOND ANNUAL CONVEN
TION AT THE COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE IN THIS CITY ON WEDNESDAY. AND THURSDAY OF NEXT , WEEK,
WHEN -MANY MATTERS OF IMPORTANCE .WILL BE DISCUSSED.- .. • . '-:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . -.. j, -.. .y"
VESSEL'S CM'TAIN'
IS IN
Shipping Men Eejoice Be
cause Battle Abbey May
Not Unload. ;: /
That Acting. Customs^Collector William
B. Hamilton" refused permission to the
British ship Battle : Abby to unload at
Oakland a cargo of redwood taken on at
Eureka has caused much rejoicing among
shipping men 'interested .in the Ameri
can coasting trade.. Tlie r«d wood which
bad been stored between decks has been
taken on deck and the plat* . vacated Is
being filled with pine -doors, sashes and
blinds for -Freemantle, Australia. There
was much speculation yestetday, In Cus
tom-house .circles^ concerning the result
should I the • ship /founder . . between this
port and ' Australia, and the probable sum
in damages .that might ;b» claimed of the
United ."States V by the' British 'Govern
ment, but the Federal, authorities put an
end to all such : idle- speculation ; by ;an
nouncing that should the' Battle* Abbey,
be found in, an " unseaworthy . condition
when ' she ' shall - have been ' Idadiiid, permis
sion will .be \ granted to unload so much
of the pine lumber • taken on board at
this port ; as ! wlll obviate any ; danger. ".'lt
Is announced, however, very - positively
that under no. consideration, will . permis
sion be i granted \u25a0 to the redwood
taken from the port of Eureka.,' as /such
action would be a violation of the.coastr
ing trade » regulations which, prohibits. the
carrying • In foreign bottoms .of .'cargoes
or passengers ' from \u25a0 one American ' port'
to another. •' • ' :
That package of ; old ; rent - receipts
should make your , t oreslKbt , sharper.
Buy your own home on the Installment
olan. Real Estate Ada.' Sunday.". ..- '
THE; SAN- FRANCISCO FRIDAY; JULY 28. 1905.
KICHABDS TRIAL •
i COMES TO A:NtEND
Young Officer Will; Soon
Know Result of Court- j '
Martial. \u25a0-
The court-martial t proceedings ]? in - : the
case of Lieutenant George ; S. \ . Richards
Jr. came to a sudf'en'termiriatlon^yester
day. This is "the second trial^that this'
young \ offlcer ; has' 'gone ( through. . % The,
charges against* him were the .'dupllcat-,
ing of \ his ; pay accounts and,' other ,<\u25a0 lr
regularltiea,in,:money, matters.
leged misdemeanors, took place '/while 1 he
was in the .Philippines. :• . r^ ' ; C, < ; '.\*.i*'- -'•
i This last tr'al began on ; May.; 22 wid'was
continued on' from time to time,- In « order
to get documentary; evidence- fromi" the"
Philippines. .'The last ' evidence"; wasfpro-'
duced yesterday at .- a•• short » session .. of
the court, and as nothing more was forth
coming, Lieutenant 8 Coloner ?,W. >-. H: >' C 3 .;
Bowen, president of the board; r brought"
the trial ' to* a . close.'.- ; ).',-\u25a0'« r ;- i :;
•The findings of the court-martial .will
be handedUo General Punston."' ' ' - •-: , • 7
• If the court has < found the I young lieu
tenant "not guilty'/* of: the. charges.'Gen
eral Funston' will wind up. the, situation
at once. s lf, however, the findings! of; tho
court are "guilty," these 1 findings swill The
stnt to President: Roosevelt' for. v his con
sideration. X ; .. .:'\u25a0;• ".'. . .-.: i J.i .:"•\u25a0 .';
Richards* j first 'trial* took place.* at -the
\u25a0Prfsidio early last year and listed prac
tically all . summer. At the conclusion , of
th«» trial he was' acquitted on the ground
of insanity. - ! He ; .was j then ; sent ,v, v to »; the
general hospital at the ' Presidio I for Vx
aminatlon,; and :;the . medical ; board r3e
taUed P * there" to .;inaka .the*, examination
pronounced him .sane. , He. was discharged
from the hospital. :}\u25a0';, Colonel \u25a0*» George i H. :
Tomey. was; president iof ;the I board.; ' J
I" Lieutenant Richards; Js ;Sdn ; of s George
S. Richards, one of - the . magnates of : the
Standard Oil 'trust. •' »•\u25a0:• \u25a0 •'\u25a0\u25a0 - • :>,,\u25a0*-' >
The : transport * Logan arrived at Manila
on the 28th. .; ; Shej sailed from ; this .port
on June JO. : She I Had " on • board « the; Third
squadron of the Seventh Cavalry and two
companies .of engineers. .'/She 'made ..a
very* smart 'run. -»; 'jr'.^-'M'^f^-:
* The^Unlted States < transport 'Wariren ' Is
due < early i this morning from Manila \u25a0 via
Honolulu.- She. brings about: 60 pasengers;
;who are mostly civilians iln Ithe » Govern*"
ment. employ."-.' -. • :\u25a0':\u25a0-; '. '. ':
General S. 8. Sumner, Mrs. Sumner '"and
Lieutenant J. AI: Higgins are; at '.present
at Santa Cruz. , Theyt will r. visit Mount
Hamilton on Monday and expect totre
turn \u25a0to town • on f.!We4nesday. ,-:'./ . -.*/ , :, ; .*
• Lieutenant Morris ?£!:, Locke ; r ;haSi. been
transferred : from I the ', Thirty-eighth com
pany / Coast . 'Artillery; " to 7. Ninth ; ; battery
Field - 'Artillery.:' The V" change V will ; still
keephlm 'at', thef Presidio. '\u25a0,.' » • f> -: : ;
„;. Lieutenant Edwin.' C.' r , Long, • Eightsenth
company /Coast 'Artillery,', has ' been ) trans
ferred , to >the ;Thirtleth .battery; Field : Ar «
tilery. . Lieutenant \u25a0 Long;, wlifi continue •to
act ' as \ aid •to 'General \ Funston." -/; l
3 ' Major ChaplHln 'Allen rom
Los -Angeles «, registered u r at^'{department
headquarters i yesterday.' \..-. ':*\u25a0.; :.'-.',--. : »
Decline* to Be Matrimonial Agent. ;»
\u25a0';\u25a0. The {fact . that ; CttleT » of ?Dlnan? DInan
Is *a~ bachelor, may; have I become tkriowri
to ; two? youngr ".wonien;; in >'Chicago7;l lll.t
an d led them t to'vwrlte} him/ asking - his
assistance^ in; proclurinjgi'haisb.ands;^ for
them fjn r the" Golden
received \u25a0! two letters yesterday, ll^ each
containing; a ; photograph roffthejjwriter
and , begglrig'himl to, place them ; ln*co'm^
m unication ji- with'^; a> "'.memberjjof £7. the
sterner vFexi.who'se sage? ;mustfnot^be
over ; 40 s ;i with .- i a s view* to
Theyjboth , "give ' the ; same address, c ; : 4819
Laflin street, ;Chicago;ir! Their, names r are
Kate • Lell v and / Emma ' Steline.' «*i Both
are "\ good-looking.*:";/ Kate! is 1 5"? feet 2-3 W
Inches jtall 5 and ;EmmaX4^f eet45 1 inches,'
but [ she : makes xup j f or^her^ small stature
by, say ing she is • ''aVgood '^wor ker."^ The
Chiefs declines ''to; Included theX^fypl of
matrimonial \ agent*: with* his? 1 otherfdu-"
ties."' \u25a0':\u25a0:\u25a0[ -^\u25a0^\u25a0\u25a0. ':>\u25a0;\u25a0•;'\u25a0- ';';': -;,\u25a0/\u25a0-,_.--:.
ST. ANTHONY'S BOOTB : .^ _:-,
' SOCIAL . AND^^ \u25a0BW^RTAIN'MENT
Ladle* .'of { the '• Catholfc $ Church Raise
Funds to Helo bV<ll4 a NeW .
\u25a0 ; '?'. ' \u25a0_ ': Convent : Seflool. : "l^ .
j '\u25a0 • Th© .entertainment and : social given
[ yesterday 'by St.vArithony's?Booth*of ;St."
Joseph's Church in .St! Joseph's I Hall, cor
ner, of Tenth and. Howard istreets,*. was, a
'grand ' success, : T both .'.socially «'ahd jflnan
cially, y and i; the '\u25a0 ; programme \ rendered \u25a0; by
the local | talent deserves \ special " credit,
and - shows "the ,' careful ' training ( given by
the Sisters .1 of ;St.' ! 'Joseph's;- Convent
school v .". y^ \u25a0• '. :"Y J -y'}^"< \u25a0'<:'.\u25a0' \u25a0.•'\u25a0\u25a0
;The; afternoon, was, ; devoted.^to the
.arnusemehts of - the and after
a." very 'nicely'/arranged '-programme of
singing; and, dariclng,> the >of
th.c : Jaf ternoon S was Sspejat^ in
games. -. There were ; refreshments : also.
In -the. evening", another programme was
j-endered^by' the :' local ."'taient^and fchil
dren f romjthe convent school.' there be
ing' sixteen-; names- on- .the'' programme,
many: of ; which"; were.vj often 'Vg encored.'
The/, latter .' part lof ? f^the .. evening, ,was
'spent: 'socially.*; -This . is
i one of ;a" number ito ',be" givehvby, the
ladles ."of * St; Joseph's ,. Church;', the ;pro
'Ceeas | of ;' which' = will SfP% towar'd^ build-
Ing; a}, new;; convent i; Bchool'-near ; -the
church.-, •';• "v,'W ;i " ; *' ' '\u25a0 ' '.'. '\u25a0•\u25a0•' : . • ' \u25a0
A n^llcloua.Drlnk
! HORSFORD'S • ACID.vPHOSPHATE
' JAJ A teaspoonful added to Ta' glass "of cold
water invigorates,; strengthens 'and re
freshes. - . •\u25a0 \u25a0•.-\u25a0• . : * \u0084;\u25a0 7 0 ; < \u25a0"\u25a0-.;- + : .- .\u25a0>\u25a0\u25a0 •- \u0084\u25a0\u25a0 •
SMALIj BpYjIS'CRUSHEp^TO;'
: , ' ; DEATH; BY JHKAVY* TRUCK
Flve-Ycnr-Old Emello .Bazzoni * While
\u25a0 \u25a0 Stenllug nirte Fall* .Under 'AVTieel
,',-\u25a0\u25a0 and Ia Run Over. ,». { .~
Emelio Bazzoni, .the ilve-year-old son
of -A." Bazzoni, a teamster' for- the "fish
'markets V and;- residing at 347 -'JValleJo
street,", was: run ' over! by' a • heavy, truck
at i the :'corherx of -Pacific ''and Sansome
streets ' last e%'ening and sustainedfin
juries , that. resulted in his death" at the
harbor .hospital a short time afterward.
.Young ; Bazzoni "was :- playingc in '% the
street ,and;.clfrnbedr aboard „ a heavy
; truck ' d riven % by,". James % Gal lagan for
the f purpose j. of .' stealing *jt '{ ride.';- ;The
lad '^slipped; and.- fell t 'ln>sucji* a i,manner
that ono of the rear wheels passed over,
\u25a0his'body.*'- '".;\u25a0: \u25a0..,;*.:•\u25a0\u25a0'; ;: -' .'\'^"'' > ». ! i."'.'-:'; r * \u25a0 \u25a0.
'/; The '.driver was' riot; aware that . the
boy- was * on-; theHruck, '! and ."*; the first
he. knew ; of t thVi accident ;was' when the
. child shrieked \ with 7pain.*?;\The . team
was ' stopped^! "and '"the *>^lnjured --V- boy
taken ; qulcklylito'ithe^harbor f hospital;
he was treated ] by.v Dr. Jillman/
\u25a0 Gallagran was; arrested ':'\u25a0 \>y ?> Patrolman*
Barrett ;i of < the Vl Harborj-^ station '\u25a0>__ and
.booked "for. manslaughter.". He -expressed
v deep ;' regret ; at i'the j accident \ and .wept
.whfth' telling the'pollce'aboutrJt.^
V" 4 '' y -/'.''APVERTisEMEXTS. :*-;: *- ; '-:'\u25a0 : 'C
15 YEARS OP TORTURE
I Itching? and Painful ; Sores Coveiei
\u25a0 \u25a0 "For v fifteen . years^my-i scalp > and
(forehead > was " one; mass of ; scabs; ; and
fmy ;- body 'was : •^with f sores.
\ Words F cannotTexpress sh6w;P suffered'
from itching yahdispaiß:; -Ie had
given \ up "* HopeTwhen \u25a0 a ; ; friend told ; tne
to" get .. Cuticura: Or 1 Af teri* bathing L with
! Cuticura i'Soap ' and \ applying^ Cuticura
.was' as ; cl ear , as \e ye rjj an d\tof my 5' sur-
prise'"; and; ' joy,f ohetcake \of
\u25a0 one :* box ,of ? " oiritmentt: made > a S com- i
.plete^cure";>in"; one'jVweek.''^ (signed)'
>H. B. 717"^ Washington f St.;
; v - '-'r^': : ' ; \u25a0*. \ f
FLEMING OUSTED
FROM HOSPITAL
'Healtji "Board "'\u25a0Declares Posi
tion of- Warden Vacant
Despite Ruef and* Mayor
DR. WARD IS OBDURATE
Pull of Administration Fa
vorite JJnavail ing Against
Physician Who Is a Power
The. Health /Board yesterday adopted a
resolution '^declaring vacant the, position
of i warden at" the City "and County Hos
pital held ". by. Martin W. Fleming, j This
action, followed close upon, the suspension
of Fleming 'by Dr. James ,W. .'Ward,
president of the Health Board, who visit
ed', the hospital last .Thursday, and waited
several J hours for. Fleming to put _in an
appearance. notification to Flem
ing read* simply: "You are suspended
untile further notice." .. -.
Fleming] was , of." the opinion that ' Ward
. would Y^relent; and that; he -would be- re
instated'in' a" day or two." ; Fleming visit
ed ; the Mayor,, with .. whom he * made his
peace; and the Mayor stated afterward
that : Fleming, would v be reinstated. Dr.
Ward, however, -was obdurate and being
a' stickler' Tfor- discipline prevailed " upon
hJs fellow-members of : the* board to agree
to .'the ousting; of. Fleming. • ; ,
-Abe ' Ruef '.was anxious .to see Fleming
restored to hla place, but the. combined
efforts of the wily , politician and the
Mayor 'himself "were unavailing and Dr.
Ward ; has ; carried his point in spite of
them. No t reason is assigned . for 3 the re
moval of Fleming j other than \u25a0 the fact
that , he .'. was . not on duty when Ward
visited ii the ., hospital. . , It is • understood
that his difficulties with Julia Kane,
superintendent of nurses, and Florence
Dakin,. instructress of nurses, 1 had noth
ing to dojwith Fleming's undoing. ."
The Aboard \ 'received * notification " from
Auditor Baehr' that the salary demands
of f Mrs. Bertha Hlnkle, factory and
workship inspector, \ and H. D. Miller,
bath and 'laundry : inspector, and Miss
G. C. Meinke, office \ attendant; had been
held" up becausa they are not civil ser
vice employes, as ; the budget requires.
Baehr has also .withheld, payment of the
salaries jof E. . G. Kendall, laboratory as
sistant, and B: ;A; Bolmen* .janitor, be
cause funds specifically provided for
their- employment Is . only 5100 per month,
whereas. their demands aggregate $135.
The protest against the establishment
of a stable by ; A. B. Clute on- Jersey
street/ near Church, was referred to the
Health \u25a0 Offlcer for, a ! report. The owners
of the premises -at "624 -Railroad avenue
wore given ten days to tear the_ building
down, as it is considered unsafe.
Health Officer Ragan filed his monthly
rejiort telling |of • the - work accomplished
in the health department. He recom
mends - the ,- summoning •of - milk . dealers
using preservatives' - to \u25a0 show, cause why
their, permits to' cell - milk should not be
revoked.. ?- "-. \u25a0/-'>.
During the month of June there: were
215 • samples of California red wines ana
lyzed,, forty-one of which were ; found • to
be adulterated' with salicylic acid, ben
zole acid; and coal tar dyes. . A \u25a0 marked
improvement"; has taken place, as only a
small ' proportion -of the wines are found
adulterated. ' this- adulteration - occurring
mainly in \u25a0 the very.; cheapest, brands, the
consumption of -which is •limited. :
' Miss L \u25a0? vi V Connor, \ milliner. .' of 138 Geary
street, has removed : to 225 Post street. •
ACCUSED OF CRUELTY; TO ANIMAL^ I.—1 .—
Gaspar Bteln . proprietor ; of livery stables at
808 Montgomery :- street, wm \ arrested • yester
day by Policeman -W.; T. * Hooper and booked
at the City-" Prison - on . a \u25a0 charge .of : cruelty to
animals. ; " Stein j had \ hired . a horse to the Cali
fornia Poultry \u25a0 Company, and' the 'animal was
so weak- that It fein twice on* Pine street.
Hooper on examining It. found bleeding sores
on Its shoulder and back. Stein wu released
on ball., \u25a0- .-.'\u25a0". : \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 .\u25a0\u25a0••-" \u25a0•\u25a0'• \u25a0' • -, '
house Qnppiflfc
GLEANING O|JCbl(ll?
Marked to Sell at Just About
ONE-HALF PRICE
\u25a0I ": i .'\u25a0' . '-'>\u25a0{ — -FOR V " . . ; \u25a0
Gingham QQ/r
• Deep flounce, trimmed with two . ruffles.'
50c Lawii 'IQfe
Kimdnas - - JL Cf V
' ' Come ' In [i pretty flgrured and :. striped de-
signs. Graceful Klmona Sleeves and front,
trimmed '-with border of lawn. Sizes ; 32
-,ta.-u.r. -•"..;;•\u25a0;., \u25a0 . -\u25a0 *..-\u25a0 '' -\u25a0' :
25c White > lSt/r
Piqiia Stocks \u25a0.*.*\u25a0 - It/v,
Several styles to "select from.
20c Low Nock Ckr
Sleeveless Vests - - «7v
*. : Come 'In all colors/ -.-
20c Women's and' 1 0 1 n
Children's Hose I^2l
25c Children's White ffff A
Sup Bonnets • A lw
$1.75 White Lawn GfiK
- Come kln ; sizes 32 to . 44. : • Trimmed In
'.Valenciennes laces, - tucks and * embroidery.
75c Giris^ Percale QQ.
Dresses - - Oc/y
All colors : In 'sizes .4 to ; 14 years. Full
v; skirt.: made - ; with deep' hem.
$1.75 S miner. • ;QQ n .
piitihg^Skjrts - ;<3Ow
.. Come v In*: black , and - white 1 anid - blue ' and
white i duek — bourette « and ' mixtures. ;.j §c v-
; eral; styles to -choose j from. \u25a0".-; :,
t*%Th l e|Homie for' Honest* : ; Va!ues -
The Bu'lding Repair. Sa'e. to make room fcr repairs necrssitcted by the
flro:ingcf several of our departments when the fire occurred cbave us o^ .
J«ily stb, presents an unusual opportun'ty to buy Cfc m, Cut C Jzss, Art Wares,
Kitchen ani Hcus?kaeping.C3i\yeni2ac3s at lower prices ;h2n ever b.for^.
Bargains in Kitchenwares Bargains Decorated China
Brushes— many kinds for many tv **• Inc'n Jicg Eagl sh S€n;l-porc;!r.ia, Cirs-
purFcces. Sale prices ;•: l / 4 Gil bad and ftsnch Chlni : choice de:o-
Alcohol Lamps and Curiing-Iroa -y \u0084 raliokrs.
, Heaters. - bale rrice fa CIl ...1.-! c in -» . c , r __
r .-. '** '25.C0 D.nner lOj pieces olo.Zo^
Tea and Coff;e Pols, th: Acme J^ (hf $16.65 Diaair Setj. 103 pircss Sl2-50"
Russian : Ccffee Machines ..... I^'off Dlnnrr Sets. 52 jx,«s | 900
• w $ 9.45 Dianer Sets, o2 piecss S 7.00
Aluminum Ware *fa Oif $35.00 Dinner Sets, 100 p exz $27. 50
Sadiron Sets of 3, Richmond . . . l/ 3 Of! Sl ;°^ nd * X - 50 V '2 ;tab!c D^ f Q v c
Msdidoe Chests l A Otf 51-00 to $6.00 Piatters 50c to S3 OO
_\u25a0 c . . ... , . nf , SJ.7O to $4.75 Plates, doc SI to $2.40
Carp t t Sweepers, Nanooal . . 1/g OH 7 5 C tJ $1.00 Cake Plat« and Satads . .
Enameled Ware Bargains $10 ta $75>00 Gi:ne and Fish 3eli . .
Entire, lice of Imperial Esameled ... §S .00 to $60.00
Ware, first quality/ pearl gaay cw d p! a tss, teapots, jugs, etc., half pries,
color,' very dainty and service- '
' a : le -:: l>orlng thh . s ! !e .;:.i6 '4 bargains
45c Upped Saucepans ..30c Cold Dacora^ed aai Cut, Class
/\u25a0?c tizr tn Saucepans ..'..'.. ... .50c
75; Cofbe Pots. 3 pt. .....;.. 50c A large co'le^ion of bowls, berry
5J.35 Rice Boilers, 5 pt.l 90c dishes, vasss, water bottles, boa-
9Jc "Water Pai s* ' . ... . . . 600 bon dishes, tumblers, etc., », ..
30cPuddfng Pans. 3qt . ....2uC etc., at prices averaging /3i* w
Slightly Damaged China ;«t a fraction of Bargain Gallery
v " * former prices on the " ~
/ V 122-J32i SUTTER. ST. V
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
BUTS MORE "WAGONS.— The Supervisors'
Street' 'Committee .yesterday • purchased from
C'S. Harney three more, wagons for hauling
street sweepings at <150 each. This makes
twelve wagons purchased by the city for. the
purpose.
.WANTS INFORMATION.— The Sutter Street
Improvement CTub-- yesterday .sent a com
munication to the Board of Supervisors asking
when v the petition of the Railroads
to reconstruct the Sutter street road. Uled
last May. will be considered.
METZGER CASE PUT OFF.— United States
Commissioner Heacock yesterday postponed
the examination of Louis Metxger until August
15..' Metzger is accused of violation of the in
terstate commerce law by shipping lottery tick
ets trom this State to the East.
'-PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY.— Petitions In
Insolvency were • filed yesterday as follows In
the United States District Court: William
George Smith, painter, San Francisco, liabili
ties $780. no assets: B. .F. Roden. employe of
Southern Pacific -Company, Sacramento, lla
biilties $iVJ, no assets.
"GUANEY GETS JUDGMENT.— Judge Sloss
gave' Judgment' yesterday . In favor of E. • M-
Uraney, directing the Board of Supervisors
to audit his demands' against the treasury for
shoeing horses of the Fire Department. ' Judge*
Sloss held that Graney's •\u25a0 contract with the
Fire Commission is valid and that he is en
titled to pay for his 'work.
.-"g:rLS RUN . AWAY FROM HOMES.— The
police were notified yesterday that. two girls
bad run away from their homes on Wednes
day. 1 One Is , Lenora Bacigalupt, Id years of
age, ,'dark complexion, whose parents live at 2
Telegraph place, and the other Amelia Ghltto.
10* years of age. light complexion, whose par
ents live at 1411% Kearny street. They, are
supposed to be . together. . . •\u0084•••\u25a0..\u25a0;-;,'-;-.-*»/
SUES TO TEST ORDINANCE.— WiIIiam
Sears, who conducts a saloon, and. the Tax
Collector alleges, a dance hall, at 515% Pa
plflc street, filed suit yesterday to test the
validity . of the , ordinance •of the • Board of
Supervisors imposing a . quarterly. license of
$21 on dance and ball rooms. Sears alleges
that : the ordinance ia special legislation and
unconstitutional. ~. . \u25a0
-DOINGS OF SNEAK THIEVES.— W. H. Col
lins, barber, . 18S5 Mission street, reported to
(he. police yesterday that -during his absence
for i" a. "few minutes on Weanesday : afternoon
some . one -stole .- two -hair clippers. - Frank E.
Edwards reported that his ,rooro at the- Wln
ehester Hotel was entered and two military hair
brashes and an, alarm clock stolen. . Nicholas
& . Rushton. reported that a glass door . valued
at $o was stolen, from -a new building at Thir
teenth avenue, and California street. \u25a0 \u25a0
WANTS KASMINISKI ARRESTED.— Mrs.
Marlon- F. Pierce. Winchester Hotel, obtained
a \u25a0 -warrant • from- Police \u25a0 Judge Conlan yester
day for the arrest of L. Kasmlnlskl on a charge
of grand • larceny. She and " Kasmlnlskl . came
from ' Los Angeles together and she intended
to ' conduct an apartment-bouse at 2000 Fell
street. '. On .July 21 • Kasmlntski disappeared.
taklng\with I . him jewelry valued at IISOO and
$175 in i cash belonging to Mrs. Pierce. Since
then the police .- have . been searching f oi
Kasmlnlskl. ; • • • .
"TAKES PITY ON CALDWELU-^Judge
•Lawlor Intimated yesterday that he would
allow William L. Caldwell: to go on probation
on.flOOO bonds. Caldwell • pleaded guilty to a
charge of grand larceny for stealing surveyors*
instruments valued at USS.fromC H. Miller.
hi* ' former employer. Miller and others testi
fied? to. Caldwell's previous good character and
as he-lsia victim; of consumption and con
finement in Jail t was slowly killing him the
Judge \u25a0 was ' lenient. He had never been in
trouble ; before. ' ..x^gß&gSßtej&uUtSß&BQlm^
>ASS EXAMINATIONS. — The following
students • successfully passed '.! the - recent- ex
aminations -of the . California - State Board \u25a0of
Pharmacy | and"; will be granted licenses: W.
H C. BartUtt, - Joseph E. <Beck. H. S. A.
Cumlng, ' John Douglas. William Hartman, J.
H \u25a0 Kane.- C.-B. Miller.- B.F. Moore.- J. E.
Piastre.- Phllomena Nolan,: WE.' Pleasant*.
G-D. Pratt, S. H. Prince. J.T. Scow, T. A.
Srenike F. H.,Todd and D. D. Wohlfrom. The
following were registered as assistants: .F d«
Belli. G. lA. Franklin. ; C. , W." Hesser, T. F.
Huddl'stone. -E. -L. Marshall. A. H. Monter,
D. Rapoport. -W.* F. Gray , - .
• VENIREMEN IN: CONTEMPT.— C. . H.
Franzen, F. W. Beaver, Thomas Lundy, James
McMenoiny. B. N. - Goldstein. J.. L. "Blum. ' T.~
Klngsbury, L. ' Meyer. • E. C. Block. C. " S.
Marshall and C- C.'Burr, venlretnen summoned
to . serve on the Jury to try - the case : In
stituted by • George .Troy against \u25a0 Jessie For
tt-scue \u25a0involving- the. rental \u25a0' of the Hotel Cum
berland, 1076 \u25a0 Bush ' street, -failed to. 'appear
'a» ordered before Judge- Troutt yesterday., The
court I ordered- that • they ba summoned ] to ! ap
pear - this I morning to • show , cause why • they
should - not be punished for contempt of court.
Woman Ia In Contempt.
Mrs. Annie?' B. • Spencer, recently re
moved as administratrix of the estate oi
herjflrst ; husband, ' James A. 1 Fersbn,\wa»
adjudged guilty of contempt of court by
Judge <Troutt " yesterday \u25a0 and committed
to the , custody , of the Sheriff. She , waa
granted a four days*, stay of execution.
Jhoweyer, and will probably escape , Im
prisonment"'"„:ln,March-a brother of the
d ec eased, Augustus ; Ferson. asked : that
Mrs. Spencer be.removed'as administra
trix for failure to : show, proper receipts
and j disbursements. '} His v prayer ; . was
granted, whereupon :Mrs. Spencer was
ordered to 01e a final account. This she
failed to do,\with the result that :she
; has >beent; found ; of ' contempt."
Should . she file ; the account within : four
days, v however. ; she "will ; be purged : of
contempt and permitted, to "go her way.'
Scherf Continues to Weep.
Ever sincethejury brought in a ver
dict of .murder: in the first degree with
the V penalty" of imprisonment for life
against r . him Gustave. Scherf. the mur
dorerfof Rudolph >w:Schultze, has been
in \u2666.tears. ; the" deputy -sheriffs
that he expected- the verdict would have
been* manslaughter,: and , : was ~ Informed
that .he ; was : lucky to get ; 6ft with 'life
imprisonment." - He; left Judge LawlorTs
cburtrbom on night in' tears
and all ! day yesterday in his celt in the
County "Jail he refused 'to, beTcomforted.*
He iWlll ;appearJ for 'sentence' this : morn
ing." \u25a0-,". *. '\u25a0-\u25a0"' '':.'\u25a0'.'\u25a0>'\u25a0 '.;: \u25a0:*. > '\u25a0*" -'- '
-.The delights of the South Seas ha vo been a!«<
coursed upon both by ltoblnson Cru.«oo anit
Itoberr Loula ] Stevenson. * ? .TanlU ' Is" t ho #;n t>o.U .
ment of > the iwlldesfbt Tour childhood'* i dmimi
85 to abundance — the land 1 ot'thi; btctutlfulrtv-.
crs, : mountains, fruits «nil tl.twcr*. mv) th^
most generous and hospltabl* of name*. \u00848, a
Marlposa 1 sails . for Tahiti \u25a0 Atucutl 4, Ht4uo«il
rate . of . $1^0" round > trip will h«> nwJo for - this
voyage. Send for circular, «3 MurV»t ttr*«t. *
STEAL HORSE AND WAGON.— Fred Cord!
viola and Eugene Basso. 15 yean off age each,
wtre nrreated at Ualfmoon Bay yesterday
morr.U.ff by Detective Riordhn and booked at
thu City Prison on a charge of grand larceny.
Later they w?re sent to the Detention Home.
They a horse and wagon belonging to B.
Dtlla Santina. ICOI Montgomery street, and
w»-i-e trying to dispose of the rfg when ar
rested.
Given Away Free
Everybody
All
Our Beautiful \
American \u25a0Talking MacMne
* Free to Everybody
Purchasing: our^ "- \u25a0.
Teas Coffees STiees
China W. ..•"
Crockery Glassware
Greatest Offer of the Age
Clip this Coupon cut, brins
, J it to any of oar stores.
: Its value b
a : 5 5.00 worth of Coupons
\u25a0 X toward gettins yon the
H Talking Machine Free
Boys, Girls, and Youn? Ladies
this is Your Chance ! .
Come and See TJ» ' i
Great A m ericaa Importing Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere
% °^%&' 9 * STEREO
.\u25a0^jSP^: pr:sm
~tf%/^ss? :: ' BINOCULARS ' V
«n\ "~~ "* " T*im ' most Comcast ' Field
\ jy\ \X, «r Marine Glasses made.
\u25a0V' **» with the highest powtr.
Prices. JlO to $SO.
Send for Illustrated Booklet.
v O PTI Cl AN . ;
105 MONTGOMERY ST.
HEAR SUTTER- OPR OCC! DENTAL HOTEL
KODAK AGENCY-PHOTO SUPPLIES
ABOUT THE HOUSE :
Newly papered walla— -representing th«
newest colors and most artistic pat-
terns-— -are ' decidedly enhancing to the
beatity of your home's interior. r ; Let '"v»
paper your halls while you are away
for the summer. Won't cost you much
and the Improvements will be startling.
Drop us a postal and we'll : tell you
hbw,to make your house beautiful for a
little money. Jos. Fredericks & Co.. 34-
BO Ellis St; above Market St.. San FraQ^
Cisco. Cal.
A STO.M S II IXO RES U LTS.
Follow Barb Xew Diworrrj ot Sql*nce.
««. The great strides that medical science
has made in the last few. years is due to
the" germ theory. When the germ of a
disease has been discovered, the doctors
have not been slow In finding- a drugr to
kill 1t.:?. 1n a few, years it will be rare to
find a bald-headed man or woman. Tt-e
falling out of hair, is due to a.dar^ru^
germ.' and nowttt has been discover* .1
how. to kill this perm. The remedy used
Is called :<Newbro"s Hwrpiclde. Its suc
cess has b»;en : marvelous. Xot a failure
has been so . fnr reported^. It Is also a
delightful hair dressing free from oil or
sticky substances. Try it and be con
vinced of its actual merit Sold by lead-
Ing dru^Ki^ts. 'Send 10c in stamps for
sample to The Herpictde Co.. Detroit.
Mich.
•MUST L!KC A PLCASAXr Ho.M£'
NEW RUSS KOOSE -M^-
'\u25a0- \u25a0'. ,i.*CH.*3V NEWMAN,* CO.. Props. . .
t\. on v«nl»nt ? to* all : car lines, places of amusi^.
mvnt and prominent buildings. A hotel of u»j
•ac«n«d .< ««ivtc*. Eurutwan. |1 per day u»
i."*«re;'-"! Amertean. J2 p«r day upward. SpeciaT
r»t»» to f4n»lltc«. Tha famous Ttu*a a*.U carts
dinner*. TSc. Th# table U supplied With prod-
««» dlwt trnm, Mr. Newman's raaofc. Msf