The : V*2ss>* More News Than Any Othetf Paper PtißljsHS*^?^^FranGiscb
THE WEATHER.
Forecast for October 25. 190B:
Eaa FrancUeo and vicinity — Fair
Wednesday; fre»h northwest wind.
A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVIII— NO. 147.
OLD WOMAN
LOSES LIFE
IN FLAMES
Mrs. Comerford Is
Victim of Fire
in Home.
Fireman Is Burned in
Effort to Carry
Her Out.
His Attempt Too Late and He
Is Forced by the Heat to
Abandon Body.
OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— Mrs. Sarah Com
erford, an aged widow, redding at Sl3
Seventeenth street, was burned to death
in her home at 9 o'clock to-night, the
body being found by the firemen iv the
chair in which she had been seated when
\u25a0\u25a0 the flrt broke out. William Rankln, a
member of .Engine Company No. 1. was
badly injurtd in an unsuccessful attempt
lo carry the body from the blazing bouse
and was sent to the . hospital for treat
ment.
.Mrs. Comerford, who was more than
75 years of age, lived alone in the house
in which she met her death, and no one
knows exactly what caused the fatal fire.
The flames were first seen by W. M.
King, who lives at fell Seventeenth
street. He was attracted to his window
by the crackling of the flames. Almost
at the same time the fire wat seen by
Mrs. F. W. Cushing of Sl7 Seventeenth
street, who telephoned an alarm to the
lire department. Before she had finished
her message, the alarm waa turned in
from box St. , ;
One of the rirst to reach the house was
Fireman Kankfn, who broke in the front
dror and seeing- rhe b<v2y of Mrs, Comer-
ford in the glare of the flames, he tried
to carry It from the house, not knowing
that life was extinct. He was- badly
burned on both hands and the left .side
of his face was badly scorched.
Mrs. Comerford was an aunt of Dr. .W.
O'Rourke of this city and she also leaves
h daughter, Mrs. Webster, who lives in
FetaJunia. The aged woman was in
comfortable circumstances, as she owned
liie house in which she lived, and also
owned the dwelling at 811 Seventeenth
street, which is occupied by \V. M. King.
The body, which was burned beyond
recognition, was removed to the Morgue
and an inquest will be held to determine
the cause, if possible, of the fire in which
the aged woman lost her life.
The house was destroyed.
AGENT OF SWIFT
MUST FACE TIIIAL
3lill!oiiaire Packer Fails in
Effort to Have Suit Dis
missed.
HARRIKBLRG. Pa,, Oct. 34.— Governor
Pennypackcr to-day declined to interfere
in the suit brought last July by State
Dairy and Food Commissioner Warren
against W. J. Hall, agent for Swift &
Co. in Philadelphia, on the charge of sell
ing caueages adulterated with - acid.
President Swift appeared before the Gov
ernor to-day and asked for the with
drawal of the prosecution.
Swift said that his firm had no intention
of violating the laws and promised that
hereafter the firm would make special
efforts to comply with tha regulations.
Commissioner Warren was present and
declared that the food had been sold to
contractors furnishing meat to the Na
tional Government an- that the suit
against Hall was brought at the instance
cf Secretary of the -«avy Bonaparte.
The case will be tried in Philadelphia
on November 2.
11l SIIA.VD DRAWS CHALK
Ll.Vi: TO Bill lIIS WIFE
Hrrpm to One Side of the House and
Compels Helpmate-' to Bemaia
la toe Other.
RICHMOND. Va., Oct. 24.— Papers in
one of the most interesting- divorce
suits that have been in the courts of
Virginia have been filed in the office of
the clerk of the Circuit Court of Clarke-
County, the, complainant being: Mrs.
Maude Frye Aruette.
Among: other sensational statements
in her complaint Mrs. Arnette alleges
that her liusband told her that' she
must «tay on one side of the house and
he would stay on the other; that he drew
a chalk line so as to divide her part of
the bouse from his and that she (Mrs.
Arnette) dared not cross said chalk
mark. Alter exhausting all efforts to
r«xroncile her husband and because of
his brutal and unnatural, treatment of
her, Mrs. Arnette says, she was com
pelled to leave him on December 12,
J'j(l3, and since that time has had no
maintenance from him. - .
HISADLKSS BODY OP WOMAX
FOUND IX THIS BROXX it I VKn.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24. — Investigation
is being made by the police of Vonkers
into the death of a woman, whose head
less body was found to-day in the
Bronx" River. The body evidently had
been in the stream for nearly a year
and ft is unlikely that its identity will
ever be determined.
No autopsy, 4 can 'determine whether
thewojuan came to her death by acci
dent or whether she was slain. The
only clew Is a gold ring:, found 1 on the
wedding: finger, which-,, bore -the
stamped Initials "C. L.*' and also ' the
characters *"14 carat," inclosed. in a dia
mond-shaped ; figure, which s Is , usually
part of the goldsmith's ball * mark.
The San Francisco Call.
LOVES ART
MORE THAN
HOME TIES
Woman Gives. Up
Husband and
Children.
Strange Features of a
Divorce Action in
Society. Couple Agree to Sep
arate With No Element
of Bitterness.
Special Dispatch to The' Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 24.-A prospective di
vorce, which satisfies all parties • con
cerned; mutual admiration, but not love;
separation without estrangement; a con
tinuance of friendliness and the absolute
approval of the wife's parents— these ap
pear to be the salient points in the case
of -Dr. and Mrs. Joseph W. Wassail.
Mrs. Wassail has determined to insti
tute procedings for an absolute divorce,
but no element of bitterness is said to
enter into the matter. According to her
own statements the impelling causes are
two— the discovery by husband and wife
that they do not lore one another and
the seductive charms of Mrs. Wassail's
art— music. . .
Here is the- power of music exemplified
strikingly. It separates a young and
charming woman from a handsome and
wealthy husband, from a home, of luxury,
and, strangest of all, perhaps, from . her
two little children- : . " . - •
.The couple" involved . in this "strange
separation -do not look upon it as a trage
dy. To them it is merely, a mutual ar
rangement. • tarried out-.' ajp* \u25a0coolly \u25a0 taiS"
deliberately as a real estate transac
tion and designed to promote the happi
ness . and welfare of all concerned.
The children are to reside alternately'
with either parent; the wife Is to call
upon her husband and the husband is
to call upon his wife when so inclined;
the ' father-in-law . will remain a close
"chum" of the "son-in-law and everything
is to be harmony, quite in consonance
with the correct interpretation of Mrs.
Wassail's art. Toner mother. Mrs. W. S.
Crosby, at her residence. , Mrs. Wassail
said to-day, after she. learned that the
public had obtained an inkling of her
plans: .
'.'We thought we loved. Long ago we
found we did " not. You must have seen
It, , mother, and many others must - have
observed it. Little did I know that -my
devotion tojnusic would ultimately de
velop into an all-consuming force."
Mrs. Crosby sSsld to a reporter:
"I fall to find any especially pathetic
side to this affair. Every one is sat
isfied. No one will suffer. Divorce pro
ceedings will : soon be instituted, but the
children, Ellen, aged 12. ana Joseph, aged
4. will have their father and mother
equally as much as ever before. No man
has been and will remain to be more wel
come In our home that Dr. Wassail. He
will bring the children here at times, and
when they make their home with us.
as they will at Intervals, their mother
will go calling at their father's home."
Mr. Crosby, a Board of Trade man,
silently nodding approval of g his wife's
statements, concluded the interview by
saying:
"Dr. Wassail is my inseparable chum.
We will remain chums until death sep
arates us."
SPANISH EEPUBLIGANS
WELCOME M. LOUBET
Issue Address Saying Nation
Is Drifting Toward
Kevolution.
MADRID, Oct. 24. — The Senators and
Deputies favorable to the establish
ment of a Spanish republic, having
been forbidden personally to address
President Loubet, who arrived here
yesterday, have published an address
of welcome which in reality Is a mani
festo in favor of a republican form of
government. It says:
The Bepubllrang. of Spain' greet the. ruler
who la the free choice of the people he rep
resent*. Th adoption by France of a repub
lican regime has carried the spirit of repub
licanism throushout the world. The visit ol
the reoubllcan President to Spain recalls th»
bloody Ttruggles which the Spanish Liberal?
mede against traditions. Republican Franck
represents the freedom . gained by revolution
and It Is toward the same end that, Spain
tends.
The address closes with "Vive la Re
publlque."
M. Loubet to-day attended a bril
liant military review and later accom
panied King: Alfonso and the royal
family to Cordida/ where the Presi
dent witnessed a bull fight. >
FINDS HUMAN BONES
AT A GBEATDEPTH
Professor Boni Unearths Evi
dences of Ancient City in
Roman Forum. I :
ROME, Oct 2*. — Professor .Glacomo
Bonl, who Is directing the excavations
*of the Roman Forum, made important
discoveries to-day; after, a most - careful
strategical exploration. The ,• profes
sor, went through twenty-nine- archeo
logtcal strata and reached; *a\; muddy
plain, where he found evidences* that
the plain '.was at one time inhabited.
These evidences . were, a vegetable .coal,
pieces of pottery and several human
skeletons ' lying In such position as to
Indicate • violent • deathah ;
HARRIMAN'S
FATS TRAIN
ENDANGERED
Attempt to Wreck
His Special; Is
Reported.
Said to Have Occurred
.Near Truckee on
Monday Night. -
Flier Carrying Daughter of
President Roosevelt
Reduces Speed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACKA3IKXTO, Oct. 34. — A'alory was
circulated to-day that an. attempt nai
made to -wreck the upeuial tmluoi
President K. H. liarrltuun, in . whose
party Is Minn _. Alice Hoosevelt, urar
Truckee liiMt ui^lil. ,
CHICAGO, Oct. 24. — Fearing au acci
dent, whicn would imperil Miss Alice
Roosevelt and her associates as well as
himself and his companions, K. H. Har
riman to-day ordered the driver of the
special train which is bearing them
across the continent to check the rec
ord-breaking speed which was begun
at San Francisco. From sixty miles an
hour the pace was cut to . thirty-nine
miles and the reached Ogden,
Utah, at 11:23 o'clock, four hours and
fifteen minutes behind the -schedule
which had been' originally, arranged. ; ..
Julius. Kruttschnitt/- -director.; ojffitha
Union Pucliic!s .department of mainte
nance 'and; operation, and: J.:c.-,Stubbs, :
tratlic director, arefon- the special ' With .
Harriman. Both officials " are , opposed
to high ' and it v is *b*elieved they'
advised, him: against the: high, iate- of
speed." When. the decision -was ; feached
Kruttsehnltt^- telegraphed to W. A.
Worthington, his assistant in Chicago,
that , the. original schedule had Geeu
abandoned. .-' ' ' \u25a0
Harriman issued an order to decrease
the speed just after he had gone through
Winnemucea, Nevada. His train was
then traveling at the rate of sixty miles
an hour. A pilot locomotive was running
ahead to test the track and all switches
had been spiked down. -
The official's of the Northwestern Rail
road to-night received a telegram . from
Kruttsehnltt, , asking them to pick up
the Harriman special at Omaha at half
past seven o'clock to-morrow morning.
Chicago will be reached in forty-eight
hours and forty-five, minutes at least
from the time of leaving San Francisco,
an average speed" of about 43 j
miles an hour... Neither the Lake Shore,
Northwestern, nor. Erie officials have re
ceived any word to change fast sched
ules they \u25a0 had arranged j for the train.
The Northwestern will bring* the special
to Chicago from Omaha In ten houra and
forty-five minutes. • . \u25a0 •
CHEYENNE. Wyo. Oct. 24.-After
breaking all records for. fast, time from
San Francisco to Ogden, .something ha»
happened the E. H. Harriman special, for
a new schedule has been put' out and the
train is making slower time over \u25a0•ertain
divisions than was originally planned.
Railroad officials will not talk until the
train reaches j Cheyenne.
It Is reported that President Roosevelt,
fearing for the safety of his daughter
Alice, requested that she leave the train
or that slower time.be made. \u25a0•The" story
cannot be confirmed. Another report
states that. owing to the, unexpected slow
time in Western Wyoming Harriman saw
that he could not malntain^an average
speed of a mile a minute, which lie had
cut out for himself, and abandoned the
maddening race.
It is certain, however, that no accident
has befallen the train since leaving Og
den. The Harriman ' flier left Ogden- at
11:30 a. m. Over seventy-six oniles to
Evanstoh was covered In slow time, ow
ing to. the .heavy grades in v Echo : and
Weber canyons. From Evanston to Green
River .better time was made, the train
frequently attaining a speed of sixty-five
and seventy, miles an hour. 'From Green
River ' to Rawllns t he '{ best time *of { the
trip was made;, the 134 miles being covered
In 158 minutes, including, stops. . The train
left : Rawllns at -6:37 'to-night after
a stop of, ten ; minutes, during" which
engines were' changed and President Har
riman conferred ; with ; General Manager
Mohler, who is en;route West, regarding
I extensions in .Wyoming.,
The original' schedule time for the Har
' riman j train i -through Wyoming •called for
? an average speed- of .fifty-five 'miles per
hour, but between Ogden "and j j Rawlins
the train fell slightly below an. average
speed of! forty-five miles an; hour," Includ-,
ing stops. The 'loss of over ten miles
an hour from- Ogden to Cheyenne will
be difficult to 'make up. in; Nebraska ana
the Eastern -States.': and it -is •' doubtful
if the attempt will' be: made. • ;
LIMAi'.O.. Oct.' 24.— An engine and
four coaches, making:- a speed test -on
the' Pennsylvania: road, passed through
here ,- to-day, } having covered ithe; dis-"
tance • between Crestline and CLlma^: ln
G6 minutes, a> distance; of ; seventy-two
miles., All'" previous records were
broken. - i
The run .from Crestline _to Fort
Wayne, a 'distance v .of * 131 'miles.' was
made In 100 .rmlnutes. a loss
of, two minutes at NevadaVi From Pitts- ;
burg to Fort Wayne,; a ; distance " of 1 321
miles, the run was .in 312 min
utes. Including stops.}' *
Czar PnrdODH Japnatsr.
/ST. Petersburg; : Oct; <24.— The
Emperor i to-day ' pardoned ; all ;' Japanese
prisoners,; whp * on i." account : of Inf rac-'
tions -of ;;tho* rules Tor ; attacks; on^the
guards .and , other.;/ officers f.were
tenced tolimprisonmenC'in 'order, that
they ' mightraccompany ' their"/ compan
ions to Japan. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0>:\u25a0. :\u25a0 ' ..: --,
SAN)FRANeiSCO;i AVEDNEStoY;^OCTbBER:2S,i 1905;
FINLEY TELLS OF CRIMES
COMMITTED BY HIM
>f/7 accomplice of^cmesiV* Finley in ihe murder •; 0/ Frank L' Drake in Mendocino County has confessed that Finfey told him
he r robbed ihe Bartleit jsicgt i en viwoioccasions; was implicated in a car lam robbery in ih/s city and committed numerous other daring
crimes that^kept the law officers busy.
NEGRESS DIES
AT THE AGE
OF 133 YEARS
Septuagenarian; Son
and Daughter of • 65
at the Funeral. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, '-; Oct.- 24.— One hun
dred'arid, thirty-three .years, was ; the
a«;e of ' Caroline Rogers, .colored,' who
died yesterday, ", if -'the ,' positive state
ments of her numerous -'relatives*/ be
true. . There is no'positlv^documentary
evidence that;the 'woman's age^'was as
represented^ ;but .that shoVwas : far^be^
yond the^century mark 'seems to" aimit
of'no doubt. .'•' . --'.'.'•:',.
Perhaps the" best ' proof of .her;ex
treme age Is the age of some ,of . her
relatives. At •; the' funeral, iwhlch ; took
place j to-day; and was 'attended ;by" half
the negro 'population, of n the; qity,- the ;
chief 'rmourner ]wasfa.'grandson*of="the
deceased; himself *a' : wrinkled,^'; white^
' haired negro, - nearly i 70 ,- years -of nge.
There was s also .a ', granddaughter faged
65 •:: and'.;- these mourners V / were S ;rrcom^
forted ! by : their 'own "child; one; of whom
Is herself a" grandmother.'; The deceased
left 4 a-} daughter, r aged :90,: 90, ". ; who V resides*
in San .Diego and other ;daug-hters who
reside: iti\varibus-placesinr the South;^;
:""Mrs/^Rogers,'' according to the state
ments •'ot. ' her 'relatives, - wasT i>6n\ .. in
Mobile, V : or> near , there, ; \u25a0\u25a0; on March 17.
1772. It ]\u0084 is ;also % stated that > she;, was
married / iif teen "times. . Her. l ast\u25a0 hus r e
band died. many- years ! aero. ,-,..
- * During .the ;last \u25a0 fifteen ; years j the ! old
woman hadff»yedsquietly..with,her>ela
: tlve's~ herevi 'deyo'tlng j her ;timelto ' mlnis^
teringjto? a the.fBickiasslong|aBfsh"eawas
able i .to] go ] f rom'house, to] house! '-('Among
those who kn ew.- her > she 'was 1 much'; be
\u25a0 loved."- '"r\ i™^: *;;',-.;'/\u25a0/ :'.: '.- >\u25a0'...- v:"* i iV'-*. - •'-'.-•'
City/ of ; Toulon" In DarknriM.
TOULON^,i3ct. ,' 24.~This ; town ; is \ln
total f darkness^ to-night, lowing v ; to pa
strike' of JtheTgasrworkers.V.T;Tl)eVgaB6
ni c t ers t are i 4|u ard edj> by £ soldi er s ;; and
the >"?au thorlCTiajJi have I tel cgraph ed ; to
Lyons and \ Marseilles "' for .CworkmenV to*
replace; the - strikers. , : \u25a0
WILL COMMIT
SUICIDE IF HER
SON BE HANGED
Wmtin S^ds; Warn- ;
:ihgi to Nevada Board ;
' of Pardons. '
Special Dispatch to The Call. •
/ST. LOUIS, > Oct.; 24.-Unlessv the ,Ne
,vada' Board \u25a0of •• Pardons ; intervene -to save
him'; because of vhis '.'youth,* Fred Reidt,
aged : l9, : son of Mrs. ; Alma Reldt." of 1606
South • Broadway,' will be hanged "for
murder In ; the - Carson \u25a0 City • jail on No
vember 17. ; His ; case ; has j' been taken
twicer to • the Nevada ' Supreme"! Court and
twice -was \u25a0the > death -sentence 'affirmed."
\u25a0; ." If j her * son- be • hanged,'>"MrS. .' Reidt" says
deliberately,\' ; she - will * kill \u25a0 herself. ;• She
lives; with; her, B daughter,' Airs.: Kate .W.
ThieU ; also a 'widow, . a son,'; William, and
two grandchildren. > : . '••\u25a0•• ; \u25a0;
• Three men* will : suffer^ with .Reidt ,' for
the''' robbery v^and \u25a0•> murder -. of< -'.'Jack"
Welch.t a i ranch i-handr?; whom "they were
accused ! of » haying -robbed oh a > Southern
Paciflc frcighti train and then i thrown him
from/the' train,'- dying.- . He :Jlved: JIved long
eriotigh ','\u25a0 to identify ,; Reidt." jJ.> ll.; Sevener,'
A'.h "U. *LJriderma n ; and ?.T"; D. . Gorman. i as
i theTmen:who:had attacked <him.; --. . . ; \u25a0
;vwhsn a letter f rom JMrs: Reidt was re
ceived -by V the^ Boardtof .'Pardons, -', Inclos
ing: a': birthicertiflcatel which 'Showed;' her
son's fage" to} have ibeen I ; but -19 when' v the
"crime • was \u25a0 committed ?. irr August. • 1903a the
board '^tookr.theJcase^under/advißement. 4
Upon*-": the i decision also \u25a0, hangs,
the: mother's .life. : '- •? = v !
Hnnrork.to Be lleleased on : Ball.
;.; WASHINGTON, >, Oct. - 24.-4-Thc' Cor
brier:s: jury, to : investigate; the 'death jOf
Miss i Emma Srnallwood,\which f occurred
abo'fit' t<si'*daysr agoi-near -Hyattsvllle;
Md.',*; returned %a> verdict t; to^dajr^ that the
..woman J died > of I malpractice
by s i a * per son"/ or. \u25a0; persons' *un know n -*. to
them* and iholding Winflela Scott i Han-;
cock. 1 ; a'vnephew^'of ' General-; W. S ] Han-^
cock."; and*. his^/slster,^; Mrs.\: Amanda
Mackall, -'- the?; former?' having:been' "ar
rested \ in^ connection J with r the } case* fto
:be:.acc.e"ssories','ito'--'.the ;act.- ~ Hancocki",
.who! Is [in ?Jall,*twill: be : released* on $5000:
ball*; and \ Mrs.? Mackall Lwill J be ;required
to 'give^ nominal. ball; ln about JlOOO. \u25a0;
: THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "ApriI ; Weather."
\u25a0 CALIFORNIA— BurIesque."
CENTRAIr-i'The" Girl Eneine«r."
COLUMBIA— "Tom Moore."
CHUTES^- Vaudeville.
GRAND— "In Old Kentucky." ;
LYRIC HALL— Harold Bauer. Matine*
. only. . . :' ; \- -\\. ~s
MAJESTIC— "The County Fair."
— VaudevlUa. Matinee.
*TIVOLI — Grand Ouera.
_ ; —f
SAX QUENTIN CONVICT WHO I
TELLS . OF JAMES \V. |
~ FINLEY'S MANY " CRIMES. I
SENATOR HEARS
THERE IS YARD
AT BREMERTON
•' Sf^eclal Dispatch to The Call.
-• SEATTI.K, AH-t. SI.— "Do you mean to
tell me that you have a uavy yard on
Puaet ."' Sound, really f A full-crown,
l ull-fl>dj;ed tioverninent navy yard V*
'"The ~ foregoing startling questions
were propounded; by. United States Sen
ator > John . C. • Spooner. of Wisconsin
shortly after ho reached here to-day. Ha
knows it now and expects to inspect it.
i It took somet ime to, convince the.Sen
fator 'that the institution
at Bremerton Vwas ' really ' an up-to-date,
livs: proposition.
}i Senator Spooner tried to square him
self by saying that there Were so-many
institutions of, that, nature that the ex
istence' ;of t a' yard Jn - northwestern
waters I probably, had slipped v hl3 mind.
He" admitted he had heard of Mare
Island, v^and in border to "live vp -to: his
reputation for s justice r he virtually
pledged : himself : to visit Bremerton be
foref he 'returned'- East. "
Simpson to Be. Burled To-Dny.
; WICHITAI : Kans.; Oct. 24;— The fun
eral "of \ ex^Congrressman Simpson' will
be ''\u25a0 held . v to^morrow\at \u25a0; 2.30 o'clock. The
funerals oration will be 'delivered * by
Congressman . Murdock of ; the Seventh
District." v Tliefe^will *be no religious
ceremonies.". ; ; I'he" Scottish Rite , ritualis
tic,service for*thirty-seconddegree Ma
sonsfwlll ibe * given •in „ fuU."^ Thousands
"of.'personspassedithroush thereceptioti
hall ito'.viewltlie," remains at 'the Scottish
.Rite "^where- the "body -lay "In
state -this afternoon:
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Makes a Confidant
of Stephens, His
Accomplice.
TRIES TO USE
HIM IN WORK
His Tales, if "True,
\u25a0'- Clear Up Many
Mysteries.
OPERATES ALL
OVER STATE
Says It Was He Who
Stopped the Bart
lett Stage.
If tales told by him to a man who w,a3
convicted as one of hia accomplices In one
crime are true, James W. Finley, the
convict who was so badly wounded in
the Folsom prison-break of last Decem
ber and who Is now In the Sacramento
County Jail. Is the perpetrator of sev
eral daring crimes, the authorship of
which was nevr discovered by the. law
officers of the various parts ot the Stata
where they were committed, though every
effort was made to ferret out the guilty
man or. men- It was to Charles N. Ste
phens, alias Jones, who was convicted
6f^ halving helped planthe killing of Frank
"L^" Crake" at"^Hohow" "Tree," or Monroe,
in MendocimT County, that Flnley made
his 'statements regarding the crimes he
had committed.
.'-Drake was a lumberman and had saved
$300. Finley went to his cabin at night
to rob him and shot him dead when h«
showed signs of resistance. Stephens and
W". H. Owens were ' convicted, on the
testimony of Mrs. May Ottie and her
daughter, named Ketchings. with whom
the two men were living, of having
planned the murder and robbery with
Finley. Both are now at San Quentin
prison, serving life sentences. Stephen*
was brought to the prison on Sunday by
Sheriff Smith of Uklah. On the way ho
told the Sheriff all ab-jut Flnley's state
ments. '
According to Finley's stories, he held
up the Bartlett stage twice, -robbed a
saloon-keeper in a small place in Mendiv
cino'County of $1500, helped rob the Pied
mont car barn In Oakland, when the
ntght watchman was shot: killed a mes
serfger named Overmeyer ' near Ukiah
three years ago. held up several per
sons in a saloon in the Fresno, moun
tains, held up street-car conductors in
Los Angeles. • robbed a faro bank at sony»
county fair and committed numerous
other crimes before finally getting hla
deserts when he robbed and killed Drake.
He also planned the robbery of a lum
ber company's paymaster, Stephens says.
COFESSKS STAGE ROBBERIES.
Warden TompkJns drew much mom
from Stephens at San Quentin prison
yesterday. The yining man did not seem
desirous of concealing anything Finley
had told him. but he did not remember
full details In any of the cases. It de
veloped that he first mrt Finley through
taking, up a quarter section of timber
land at the -request of the latter, this
land to be -sold to timber grabbers who
had employed Finley to locate for them.
Stephens did not remember their names,
if he had ever heard them.
"I remember that Finley told me ha
had held up the Bartlett Springs stag©
twice." said Stephens. "He told me alr^
that he had worked as a street-car con
ductor In San Francisco and while so
employed had, with another conductor,
robbed the office of a street-railway com
pany at a car barn, the night watchman
being killed by them during the. rob
bery He said that immediately after
the crime they mingled with the crowd
that gathered and were foremost In as
sisting in the search for the robbers. Ho
said they secured ?2000 or $3000 In this
of the crimes he told m* about
we re committed by him alone, he said.
Without assistance he entered a saloon
In the mountains In Fresno County and
held up a half dozen men who were in
the place, taking whatever, they had.
He"got $300 out of this robbery. I remem
ber him saying.
"Then»he said he had made some street .
car holdups in Los Angeles In 1002 or IW3-
He also told me about holding up a faro
bank at some county fair . five or si.x
years ago. I cannot remember the nani?
of the place, not being very familiar with
the State. Another crime he told me of
vras the holding up of a saloon kept by
Mike Griday at a place called Eiusaw. a*
1 remember It. in Northern Mendocino
County He said he got IIOCO or $1500 out
PJ^VX TO ROB PAYMASTEK.
- "Flnley told me his method of avoidin?
detection was to set away into theT fast
nesses of the mountains immediately
af ter : the commission of a crime. \\n
would remain ; hidden in some wild place
that only, he knew.' he said, until the ex
citement had died out. and, th?n appear in
some- other locality, put on good ' clothes
and mingle* freely with. the people.
"I 'flrsti met -Flnley In Humboldt Coun
ty - three : months prior to the. murder of
Drake, - and it :,was then he : induced : ma
to locate the land. Almost Immediately
he beiran talking crime to me. He had a
plan to \u25a0 rob the . Rlverbank Lumber Com
pany's paymaster .by holding Tip . tlje \?n~:
glne: on; which 1 he took the monthly pay-
Continued on Face 2, Column 1*2
FINLEY TELLS
OF THE CRIES
HE COMMITTED
Prison Breaker Says It
Was He Who Stopped
Bartlettf Stage.
Continued From Pape 1, Cpluroa 7.
roll money to the lumber camps. He was
to do this job this summer, but his arrest
for the killing of lirake prevented him.
The company's practice was to send the
money, they paid off in cash then, to Cor
bell, and from there the paymaster took
it to the logging camps on a spfcial en
gine on the extension road. There was
usually *_0,000 or $30,0J0 sent up each
month. . . . . .
"No. h* didn't talk so much about de
railing or flagging the engine. His
scheme was to disguise himself as a de
tective and ask permission to ride on the
e::gine to the camps, on the pretense that
there was a man there.he wanted, and to
hold tip the paymaster on the way. Only
the engineer and the fireman went with
the paymaster. I told Finley I would
have nothing: to do with this, "as crime
didn't pay."
In reply to a question by Warden
Tompklns. Stephens said Finley seemed
to be telling of his crimes to let him
know how safe and profitable such work
was, so as to induce him to join with
him.
"I believe that most of what Finley
told me was true," said Stephens.
CAIt BAB.V BOBBERIES.
The Bartlett Springs stage was held up
by a lone highwayman almost on top of
the grade on July 20. 1903, and again by
a- lone highwayman on July 6 of the fol
lowing year near the. top of the Brim
prade. In the first robbery $200 was ob
tained and in the second 5250.. The officers
were convinced from the similarity of the
highwayman's actions on both occasions
that one man committed both robberies.
The roptoffice directory does not show
a town by the name of "Eusaw" in Men
doclno County.
In ISS2 the car barn on Haight street
at the park in this city was robbed. The
\u25a0watchman was phot at. but not hit. In
!K*4 the Piedmont car barn in Oakland
was robbed, and on this occasion the
watchman was killed.
On the way to San Quentin Stephens
£trv<? Sheriff Smith a knife three inches
long he had made from a piece of steel
from a ready-made necktie. He had spent,
eight days sharpening it on the Jail floor,
he said, and had intended to open the
veins of his wrist In case he was sen
tenced to be hanged. He confessed that
h« had triod to get the other prisoners
to block the door co he could kill Cal
Toney, the jailer, but they refused. He
made keys for the jail door, but they
broke In the lock.
FIXLEY OWXS A RAXCIi.
Stephen? said th<? report that Finley
owned a well -stocked farm In Stanislaus
County -x&s true and that he had bought
It with the proceeds of robberies.
"They only wanted me as witness 'at
first," said Stephens, "and let me go,
vith instructions that I report every few
days. I got tired reporting and went to
British Columbia. I came back a short
time ago, and the two women with whom
Owens and I lived swore us into prison.
3t was the old woman. Mrs. Ottie, who
really planned th«» robbery of Drake, as
ehe wanted the monfy to go to Oregon
with. In trying to save her, for the sake
of the girl, with whom I was in love,
1 got myself into this.
"Well. I'd sooner die in jail in my own
country than live a wanderer in a foreign
land," he concluded.
Stephens Is a Tennesseean and tame
to this State four years ago. Finley Is
from Kentucky.
Finley is now awaiting trial in Sacra
mento County on a charge of murderous
assault upon Captain of the Guard Mur
phy during the Folsom break.
HEXRV H. COOK LKAVES
AX ESTATE OF 915.000,000
Will of the Railroad Magnate I!r
quratbs f&O,OOO to Religion
and Charity.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. — Henry H.
Cook. 83 years of age, who died at his
residence. 1 East Seventy-eighth street,
bequeathed $90,000 to religious and
charitable institutions by the provi
sions of his will, just filed for pro
bate.
Cook was known In railroad and
banking circles and was a director in
the Union Pacific and other railroads
and industrial corporations. He pos
sessed a valuable collection of paint
ings and statuary. Cook is believed to
have left a fortune of at least
$15,000,000.
Elihu Root, Secretary of State, is ap
pointed executor and trustee, with
Carlos M. de Heredia, a son-in-law of
the testator.
DR. PIERCES RESrEDIES.
BAD STOMACH
MAKES BAD BLOOD.
Yon can't make sweet butter !n a foal
chum. Every fanaer's wife knows this.
Toor etomich churns and digests the
Sood you eat, and If foul, torpid or out of
order, yonr whole system suffers from
biood poisoning. You will have foul
breath, coated tongue, bad taste, poor
appetite and a whole train of disagree-
able symptoms. Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery, which is not a bever-
age composed of whisky or alcohol, being
entirely free from intoxicants, is a arreat
regulator and invigorator of the Stom-
ach, Liver and Bowels.
"About a year &fo I was HI with blood poi-
•anlns." writes Miss ETeline Louis, of 89
waiter Street, Buffalo. N. Y. "I hid what
.seemed tol* a small cold sore en my lip. It
became rerr tcgry In appearance and begran
to epread until it nearly colored my face. I
. was a frirhtful sirht asd could not go out-
elde the bouse because ot mjr appearance. I
xued a blood medicine which did not rive
n»e tny reilet Then I becan to take your
Golden Medical Discovery.* I was creatly
benefited with the first bottle and after tak-
ing the second bottle was completely cured.
The errelpelatocs eruption dl&ttppeared and
xnj blood was cleansed. My complexion Is
clear and fresh and I have felt better this
Tear than I did for some time before. Dr.
Fleroe'B Golden Medical Discovery is cer-
tainly a most remarkable medicine."
Don't accept a substitute for a medicine
which performs such cures and which has
a uniformly successful record of nearly
forty years "to its credit. It's an insult to
yonr intelligence for a dealer to try by
over-persuasion to palm off upon you in
Its Etead some Inferior article with no
record to back it up. You know what
you want; it Is his business to meet that
•want.
CRfl nnfi GIVEN AWAY, in copies of
93U f UUU ffue People's Cunsmor: Sense
Medical Adviser, a book that sold to the ex-
tent of 500.000 copies a few .^^^^^
rears aco. at SXJ)O per copy, jfitg^g"^^
L«.st year we r»v« away If
130,000 worth of these Invalua- S *?|SFP;
ble books. This year we shall £"££
tfve away 150.000 worth of »\ moT"*
tiem. Will you share in this t"£^ »*VS*A
benefit? If bo. send only 21 «"••*
one-cent damps to cover cost
of mailing only for book In ,
\u25a0tiff paper covers, or 31 stamps *^^
ior cloth-bound. Address Dr. <C^
E. V. Pierce, Buffalo. N. Y.
Constipation although a little ill. be-
cets big ones if neglected. Dr. Pierces
OrVillatA curw < ""* r>c tlr'° f lfm
RELUCTANT
OFFICIALS
FEEL PROD
Fearing the Effect of Its
Inactivity, Health Board
Takes Up Long-Xeglected
Work of Purifying* Milk
RAGAN OX EECOED
WITH : AX ARREST
-»
Catches Dairyman With a
Filthy Wagon, Who Had
Convenient Can of Water
Stacked in Wagon Rack
In an effort 1 to relieve Itself of some of
the stigma that accrues from the mal
administration of municipal affairs in San
Francisco, and compelled to take notice
of the children whose lives have been
imperiled, the official guardians of the
health and sanitation of ihe city have be
come busy.
They have been aroused, however spas
modic the move may be, to the cry of
anxious mothers for pure milk for their
babes. They have awakened from a
dormant neglect of this problem that ap
peals with such* tremendous force to
every household. On the eve of the
struggle between clean men and grafters
the Health Department adjunct has been
forced to an activity which is in such
marked contrast to the months of leth
argy that the attempt of the board to
retrieve itself would be ludicrous if the
subject were not of such serious import.
Officials who have been blind. ; for
months to the fact that 300 dairies are
pouring their product into the city under
any sort of conditions have of a sudden
become argus-eyed in their search, after
contaminated milk. Officials who have
permitted a laxity in the inspection of
dairies and their products which is with
out excuse have let day run Into night
and night into day without relaxing* their
pursuit of bacilli-laden milk. And all
of this comes from the protest of a father
who sternly invoked on his own account
the law against a dairyman whose
poisoned milk had brought a serious ill
ness upon two Innocent, helpless children.
It was through no official action on the
part of the Health Board or any of its
employers that George C ' Smart, pro
prietor of the New York' Dairy, was
brought to book for \u25a0• selling milk thai
contained deadly formaldehyde^ a drug
used for embalming anatomical speci
mens In the medical world. Indeed the
Health Department has been forced to
admit no formaldehyde was ever found
In Smart's milk by its force. The reason.
Is that the records of the Health Office
show: that no test of milk from Smart's
dairy : was made during the first six
months ;of this year.
The case of Eugene Lent's children,
whose illness resulted in Smart's arrest,
was not the only one. Little Edith Hey
of 1334 Turk street, a baby only sixteen
months old,' drank drugged milk and for
many days hovered between life and
death. The Pryal children of 2711 A Sutter
street were in the same plight. To the
Board of Health yesterday went a citizen
who withheld his name denouncing the
San Mateo Dairy as responsible forjthe
critical Illness twice of his Infant. And
thus the list of the Innocents growß as
the indignation of parents increases. . <
Tn the midst of It aIL with the jock
eying of warrants of arrest of dairy
men, with the explanations that do
not explain, a w r ail goes up from the
Health Office.
SCH-HITZ MAX I.AMKXTS.
• "This kick about milk ain't doing
Schmitz any go°6\" complained a
Health Board employe yesterday.
When the Inquiry was -made why milk
had been sidetracked In the depart
ment the answer was:
"We have been very busy testing
olive oil. and we have got some mag
nificent results."
The comparative values of pure milk
as a steady diet for babies and pure
olive oil form another chapter for elu
cidation by supine health officials.
But Health Officer Ragan protests
that his department Is at work. For
proof he recites his own experience yes
terday morning with a milkman. Ra
gan observed E. H. Arnold of Cinna
mon street and University avenue
driving a milk-laden wagon along
Folsom street, near Seventh, that was
bo nasty as to attract even Ragan's at
tention. Imbued with the awakened
spirit of the day, the Haelth Officer
stopped Arnold. Ragan demanded that
the dairymen should go to the City
Hall.
"Who are you?" curtly queried Ar
nold.
"I am the Health Officer," said Ragan.
"Where's your, badge?" demanded the
driver.
"Never mind the badge," announced
the vigilant doctor, "you come with
me."
But Arnold was not so minded. In
stead he whipped up his team and
headed out Folsom street- Ragan, filled
•with official zeal, followed until he
found a policeman, who arrested the
fugitive dairyman - at Seventeenth
street. To the City Hall they repaired.
There Arnold's cans were examined and
one of them contained water. \
"What do -you use that for?" de
xnanded the officers."
'"For drinking purposes when I am
thirsty." Arnold replied, and ,he did
not blink an eyelid.
Arnold was arrested on a charge of
having carried milk in a wagon - con
taining refuse that might contaminate.
City Chemist Glbbs {ook samples of the
milk and swabs from the cans and bot
tles. These will be analyzed, and if
adulterants or poisonous matter is
found Arnold will be prosecuted on
other charces. The can of water was
given Into the charge of the police as
evidence. Arnold holds dairy permit
No. BS, which was Issued several years
Ago to Arnold & Kenerson.
RECORDS ARK AWRY.
This experience opened a new field
for rehabilitation of conditions at the
Health Office. Ragan ordered notices
sent to all dairymen and milk. dealers
to apply for a reissue of their permits.
The records of the department in this
particular have not been properly kept
up. . They have become so ' unreliable
that many dairies are being conducted
under permits Issued long ago to own
ers long since out of business.
It was found that in many cases the
firm names under which the original
permits, had been issued were retained
on the office books, though the dairies
had passed Into other hands. In order
that the records may show who arc
the actual owners and that permits
may- be revoked In teasest cases where, the
pure miik.laW' has been violated,' there
will be a renovation of the records. '..
Dr. Ragan protests, that the exami
nation.of dairies will continue and that
he will try'to purify the milk stinoiv.
THE SAN^FRANCISCO GALIi, WEDNESDAY^ OCTOBER 25, 1905,
RAILROADS
TIED UP BY
THE STRIKE
Only One Train Reaches
Moscow from St. Peters
burg and Thousands of
Passengers Crowd Stations
COSSACKS BATTLE
WITH KHAEKHOFF MOB
Doctors, Lawyers and Other
Professional Men Through
out Russia May Join Forces
With the Idle Laborers
MOSCOW, Oct. ?4.— The strike, is spread
ing In all directions. At the Moscow and
Kasan , station 2000 passengers are wait
ing. • They are being' paid by the j rail
road administration, first and second
class passengers fifty cents daily and
third-class twenty-five cents. .On the St.
Petersburg line, with the exception of a
train to-night which " brought the Min
ister of Public Works, not a train was
run to-day. : , \u25a0 -
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 24.— The gov
ernment resumed railroad service on a
few roads to-day, . but under great diffi
culty. The decision of the railroad men
at a meeting here to-night to declare a
general strike has immensely compli
cated the problem. Trains le^t for Mos
cow to-day over the Nicolai road, but the
passengers were notified that communi
cation was guaranteed only as far as
Tver! *
Several attempts were made to-day to
interrupt communication by telegraph
and telephone out of Moscow and the
telegraph offices had to be guarded by
Cossacks. Persons wishing to send mes
sages had to fight their way through
crowds of strikers and in many' cases
were severely handled. '\u25a0'.:\u25a0\u25a0.
The strike has taken a violent turn
in a number of cities, from which ' re
ports come of encounters between mobs
and the police and troops. - s . -1 *';
Agrarian disorders have broken out in
the province of Samarau.
The executive committee of the League
of Leagues has adopted .resolutions say
ing that the present moment was favor
able for a general strike of all the prd
fessions, and recommending doctors,
lawyers, engineers and all other mem
bers of constituent organizations to cease
all professional activity. ' , fs i ;> /
KHARKHOPF, Russia, Oct. 21.— A bo
rious conflict between the troops and
the people, during which there were many
casualties on both sides,^occurred here
last night. While a meeting of 20,000
citizens, students and workmen wwars r in
progress the cry "The Cossacks are com
ing" was suddenly raised and a panic fol
lowed. Many persons were injured in the
crush. Subsequently the crowd came into
contact \u25a0;, with a detachment of cavalry.
Revolyer;«hdti>T«rereiflred by, some of. the
civilians 4 " and* small bombs were hurled
among the cavalry. The latter thereupon
fired two volleys with blank ; cartridges and
then flred with bullets. Both sides suf
fered seriously. Many of the wounded
were left on the ground when the crowd
dispersed. « "
The strikers have since plundered the
gunsmith stores and have armed them
selves. A number of bakeries have been
destroyed and all work has been stopped
at others. Scarcity of the necessities of
life is already felt here.
LODZ, Oct. 24.— The employes of seven
factories struck' to-day. There are now
38,000 workmen on strike.
But he complains that the imposing of
fines of $25 in cases of conviction is a.
detriment to his work. Ragan desires
offending dairymen punished by the
maximum fine of $500.
The State Dairy Bureau again came
to the rescue of the Health Office yes
terday by causing a warrant to issue
out of Police Judge Fritz' court for the
arrest of C. N. Johnson, a dairyman,
charged by W. R. Freeman, a State
dairy inspector, with adulterating
cream with boron and failing: to so
label his. product.
Milk Inspector T. P. Lydon swore to
a complaint charging Shafer & Green,
dairymen, with sophisticating cream
with coal tar dye. \
3. T. Qtiarles, a dairyman, charged
with selling milk deficient In butter
fat, was arrested. He gave $50 ball.
3IAKE RAIDS ON WAGONS.
Dr. William C. Hassler. Chief Sani
tary Inspector, has mapped out a pro
gramme for a general collection of milk
samples from all of the dairies which
supply San Francisco. Following > his
seizure of samples from' the shipments
arriving at water front points and the
Southern Pacific station at Third and
Townsend streets, the milk coming
In wagons from dairies south of the
city was sampled last night. Inspectors
were stationed below Sunnyside and on
the San Bruno road, where; each In
bound wagon was stopped,. and sam
ples were taken from bottles and cans.
These were turned over to the City
Chemist for analysis. " During the early
h«purs yesterday mornlngr- inspectors
took samples from seventeen wagons
on delivery in various parts of the city.
In all cases where adulterants are
found the dairymen will be arrested.
The effect of publicity has been noticed
in a compliance by j dairymen with the
State law, which directs all cream or
milk adulterated with boron to be thus
labeled. More than 5000 gallons ; of
cream that arrived last night was
marked as requlredby the statute.
John Kelly, proprietor of the^Del
MOnte Ranch Dairy, who handles milk
from the model, dairy of R. M. Hotal
ingy yesterday voluntarily offered him
self up: for, : arrest to^jlealth Officer
Ragan because he claims that the milk
cannot be made to pass the standard of
3.2 per. cent of butter fat required' by
the ordinance. Kelly explained that the
milk. given by the Holstein cows- owned
by Hotaling could not rise above" 2.9
per cent in butter fat, no matter what
they were fed on or, what 'precautions
were taken. .
-Kelly said he wanted to be arrested
In.'- order to test the validity of. the
ordinance requiring. a'; higher standard."
Ragan 'said that Hotalirig's dairy was
a model one in -every respect, ; but -he
declined to accept the : challenge be
cause If Kelly's point was upheld .it
would necessitate the : health; officials
proving that all milk below the 3 per
cent standard did not, come from Hol
stein' COWS.' ",-.\ '.-, . - \u25a0 J-- j-';:./: :'\u25a0:.''..:\u25a0';/
Arguments In the case of \ : George lC.
Smart,'; oh trial before Police ~» Jndge
Cabaniss.X will be; heard I. this
The case of ; Charles Hauf c of * the ; Oak
land : Dairy, ..charged s withe selling: ;milk
containing j- formaldehyde, j Is; set 'r folj
further hearing 1 Thursday -in the same
COUrt. \u25a0 i •\u25a0-.:-•,:'•-- v; .'.\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0". /
\u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0 . I \u25a0 l» « \u25a0 — \u25a0
STRUCK. BY. WAGON.— Nicholas. Constan
tlne.-an aged < man. Tva* run down, by a wagon
near Post \u25a0• et.reet ; . and ; Grant! avenue \u25a0; yesterday
and received : Internal I|P juries l th-s t :• may \ prove
.Trr^-Tir-^-'T' ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- \ : ;•--. vt&fc3sSog&&i
PRESIDENT HAS A STRENUIOUS
DAY IN ALABAMA.
Gdveps Wije Terrttoru anWaßes
Four Important Speeches.
\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0.....\u25a0 , X. \u25a0\u25a0 -. ....... . JT-
President Roosevelt y*xfenlay spent the most strenuous day of his
Southern trip. He besran by speaking In the morning at Tuskegree Instl
ture, the industrial school for negroes over which Booker T. Washington
presides. Here be devoted his remarks to the negro question, urging: the
colored citizens to co-operate with : the whites for , progress. After visit
ing . a ; college t for women near Tuskegee, the President proceeded to Mont
gomery and then to Birmingham, Ala.^ He spoke once In the" former "city
and twice In the latter. He was enthusiastically greeted at every polntt
visited.' . i £"';'-\u25a0*\u25a0 ;Q *'':'*?
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. Oct. 24.—Presi
dent Roosevelt concluded a strenuous day
in Alabama with a two hours' visit to
Birmingham, where his reception, iin
keeping with those given him at Mont
gomery and Tuskegee, was hearty and
soul-stirring. His day began at 7 o'clock
this morning, when the special left Mont
gomery for Tuskegee. Visits to the Tus
kegee Normal and to the Methodist fe
male; college were crowded into a litle
less than two hours, and the noon hour
had just arrived when the 'executive
stepped from his car, in Montgomery.
There he spoke to a great throng under
the* shadow 'of the Confederacy's first
capitol and was on his way again at 2
o'clock. A' few minutes before 5 o'clock
the- President was the guest of Birming
ham and until his train left at 6:45 p. m.
"on the night run to Little Rock the Pres
ident was cheered at every turn^
' At Birmingham a drunken man in his
excitement dropped a pistol, from his
pocket on; the pavement. The President
saw the Incident and called the atten
tion of the officers to the. man, who was
arrested.
Mayor Ward -made the formal address
of welcome at the station here and im
mediately afterward the party entered
carriages and began the march to Capi
tol Park, eight squares distant. The en
tire line of march was packed wit^ peo
ple. The ovation was continuous and
the President stood in his carriage the
entire distance, acknowledging the out
burst of enthusiasm. Capitol Park was
brilliantly lighted.
The party entered the speakers' stand
and great applause greeted the President
as^he arose to speak. He began by
speaking of Alabama's wonderful recov
ery from the Vdesolation of the war and
[referred to the State's great natural re
sources. He continued:
j My friends, there 1b something that Is ahead
of any kind of natural resources and that
Is the citizenship of the man of the soil. I
want now to say that proud (bough I am of
your extraordinary industrial prosperity, I
am prouder of the men who have achieved it.
Think what It means for our nation to have
the President of the United States greeted as
he has been greeted to-day, on his right and
on his left hand as the guard of honor the
veterans of the Civil War. the men who wore
the blue, the men who wore the gray united
forever. .. ; \ . ' ; <)-
Following the President's speech, ex
! Governor Johnson-.spoke in behalf of the
United Confederate Veterans and* Intro
duced to the President: several, young
ladles, descendants of,; Confedprate .. sojr
dlers, who presented 'to -the President a
badge from Camn, .Ha'rde.;,', . ,>< \u25a0
From* Capitol Park; the. party went to
Third- avenue and::-Twentleth street and
boaidcd a special electric' trainband pro
ceeded" :toV the State ';, fair i ; grounds. The
crowd- at'the fair was ; enormous and
greeted ' the ; pfesident v entnuslastically as
heJ rose to deliver- a.|brief "address. From
the :faif grounds .the President returned
to' the'cltyYandUeft here at 7:30 p. m. - ..;.-
VtPresident'Jßoosevelt reached the grounds
of " the ' Tuskegee Normal and Industrial
Institute \ this" rriorning after a brief stop
in the 'town \at Tuskegee, where he was
received 'by, ; the Mayor and other distin
guished citizens of Alabama. The Presi
dent's "\u25a0t rain: \u25a0\u25a0 was brought directly into
the 'grounds- of the institute over private
tracks. \ Prom midnight until this morn
ing great 'crowds of country people, white
and black, were arriving from all sections
surrounding Tuskegee. v A motley assort
ment of vehicles/'.. brought." hundreds ""of
persons and were • allowed to come into
the institute grounds, where the Pres
ident saw the collection and seemed
amused by the sight. : ; - : ./-'
The President was received by Princi
pal Booker T. Washington and members
of' the faculty and by the institute
Board of Trustees. He then entered a
carriage made by the Btudents of the
school and drawn by horses raised at
the school, which were driven by a stu
dent in the school uniform. Four, other
carriages, also .made -by "the students, , in
which were seated other members of the
President's party, followed. The party
proceeded Immediately to an elaborately
decorated stand In front of the office
building, surmounted by the President's
flag.
After the parade had," passed and the
students, faculty and, visitors were re
pairing to the chapel, ; the Presidential
party was v driven . hurriedly j about the
grounds andv.waa shown the extent, and
scope of the work being carried on by the
institution. Then to the-chapel the party
was taken, where the students, led by
the institute .* choir of : 150 voices, Bang a
number of plantation melodies. Booker
T. Washington then presented the : Presi
dent In the following * words: .
This Is a great day for the Tu&kegee Normal
and Industrial Institute; too great to be de
scribed by words. - We ; have gathered to hear
but one voice; to see but one face. " \u25a0::
In presenting our guest -to the ", students,
teachers and citizens,' I must \u25a0 not omit *to ex
press the gratitude felt by the people of • the-
Tuskegee Institute . and by the people of both
races In this section of Alabama for the honor,
which hae been conferred \u25a0. upon v them. That
the chief magistrate of our beloved republic of
80,000,000 people deemed •It J good and wise to
lncludp the : Tuskegee Institute- in his : trip
through the South and spend a few hours see
ing, the- Tvorlc- we' are ;., doing., here; \ brings to
the heart of every man and woman of our race
in this country a degree of encouragement and
inspiration whlcb;lt Is Impossible . for any
American citizen, not' of our race, fully to ap
*rMy* Wends, without further i words of mine
I have the pleasure and the honor of.present
ing to you : the President of the United States,
Hon. Theodore i ßoosevelt. , : \ . : . •
: The - president \u25a0 spoke as follows :
To the white population as well as to the
black it iaof the utmost Importance that the
negro be encouraged to make himself a citizen
of the highest type of usefulness. It Is \u25a0 to, the
Interest of the white : people that this ; policy be
conscientiously pursued \u25a0 and • to the Interest >of
the colored people that they clearly realize. that
they have opportunities f or ., economic \u25a0 develop
ment here In the South not i offered ; elsewhwe.
Within the last twenty \u25a0: years " the » Industrial
operations -of > the: South, have \u25a0 increased - to
tremendously that I there Is a scarcity, of labor
almost -. everywhere; r so' that It • is the - part ' of
wisdom for all who wish the prosperity of, the
South -to ; help .the > negro \ to become -\u25a0\u25a0 in - the
highest dfgree useful: to himself and ? therefore
to - the *• community In .which -he i lives. .The
South -has -always- depended i and; now; depends
chiefly upon ' her native o population \u25a0- for ~ her
work. Therefore, In view : of the scarcity not
Pare Milk.
Those who believe in selling pure milk should
be \u25a0 given Vrecllt. *' Of '< 175 _; eamDles v taken • by^
Health Board Palmiter Broe., 3534 Seventeenth
gt..' •: San Francisco .;, llanch.Ji have =' ths i highest
teet.t 4. \u25a0*.'-. .N0 poison or: coloring matter, found.
'Above I statement i will be verified " by . Board >of
Health.^ , •'. - :-< \u25a0 \u25a0**-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0-"-.;- ;: . -\u25a0-\u25a0; '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.\u25a0 -\u25a0 \u25a0-•«\u25a0: -
CASTORI/l
For Infants and > Children^; -
The Kind You Hayß^Alwap Bought
% SlgnatOTe of C&ua&fcJ<&ckd4/X-
;\u25a0•\u25a0;' . \u25a0<-.---\u25a0: -\u25a0 \u25a0 ;- • .. . \u0084* »«!... ..... ... . ... /
only.'of. common labor, but of skilled labor,
it becomes doubly , important jto train every
available man \o be of ' the utmost use by
developing: his intelligence, his skill and his
capacity lor. conscientious effort.
• Hence the work of the Tuskegee Normal and
Induatral Institute Is a matter of the highest
practical <. Importance to both the white man
and the Wack man. , and well worth the sup
port _ of both races alike in the South and
In \u25a0: the Ntorth; \u25a0 Your fifteen hundred students
are not only being educated in head and
heart, but also trained to industrial efficiency,
for from the beginning Tuskegee has placed
especial emphasis upon the training of men
and women \ln - agriculture, mechanics and
household . duties. -Training in these three
fundamental \u25a0 directions does . not embrace all
that -the negro or any other race needs, but
it does cover In a very large degree the fltld
In which the negro can at present do most for.
himself and be most helpful to his white
neighbors. \u25a0 -\u25a0 .-.•\u25a0:\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 • "
tvery black man who leaves this institution
is better able to do mechanical or -industrial
work and adds by so much .to the " wealth of
the community and benefits all people in the
community. The professional and mercantile
avenuts to success are overcrowded; for the
present the best : chance of success awaits the
Intelligent I worker at some mechanical trade
or on & farm; for this man will almost cer
tainly achieve Industrial independence.
I am pleased, but not th» ieast surprised,
to learn that many among the women ana
men trained at Tu&kegee find Immediate em
ployment as leaders and workers among "tnelr
own j people and that their services are gen
erally sought by white people for vanou*
kinds of Industrial work, tha demand be.ng
much greater than the supply. Viewed from
any angle Ignorance is the costliest crop that
can be raised In any part . of this Union,
Every do.lar put into the education of eithex
white man or black -man, in head, 1n hancu
and in heart, yields rich dividends to th»
entire community. '
Merely from the economic standpoint It Is
of the utmost consequence to alt oar citizen*
that institutions such as this at Tuskegee
should be a success.* But there are other and
even higher reasons " that entitle it to ouz
support. In the interest of humanity. o! jus
tice and of self -protection every white man lit
America, no matter where he lives should
try to help the negro to help hlmaelf. It i*
in the Interest and for the protection of th»
white man to see that the negro is educated.
It is not only, the duty of the white man
but It Is to his. interest to see that the negro
is protected in' propery, in life and In alt
his legal rights. Every time a law Is broke*
every individual in the community has the
moral tone of his life lowered. • Lawlessness
In the United States is not confined to anj
one section; lynching Is not confined to anj
one section and there . Is perhaps no body oi
American citizens who have deserved ' so well
of the entire American people as the publlt
men. the publicists, the clergymen, the count
less thousands of htgh-mtnded private citizen*
who have done such heroic work in the Soutn
in arousing public opinion against lawlessness
in all its forms and especially against lynch
lnjr. I very earnestly hope that their example
will count in ; the North as well as in thft
South, for there are Just as great evils to t*
warred against In one region of our country
as In another, though they are not in all
places the same evils. '
I heartily appreciate what you have don«
at Tuskegee and I am sure you will not
grudge my,, saying that It could not possibly
have been. done save for the loyal su»Dort
you have received from the white people round
about, for during -i;he twenty-five years ot
effort . to educate the black man here •In th»
midst of a. white community of . Intelligence
and culture there has never b»en an outbreak,
between the • races or any "difficulty of anj
kind. ; All honor Is -due to. the white men- of
Alabama, to - the white . men of Tuskegee fot
what they have done. \u25a0 And right here let
me say that If any community misunderstand
ing '- between \u25a0 the races arises over an; mat
ter. infinitely the best way out is to have a
prompt, ! frank and full conference and . con
sultation between representatives of the wise,
cool-headed men among the whites and trio
wise. \u25a0 decnt, cool-headed colored men. Such
a conference will always tend to bring about
a - better jj understanding and will be a great
help all around.
Hitherto I'have spoken chiefly of- the obli
gations existing on the part of the white man.
Now remember, on the other hiftid, that no
help can-permanently avail you save as you
yourselves develop for self-help. You young
colored men and women educated at Tuskepee
must by precept and example lead your fel
lows toward sober, | industrious, I law-abiding
lives. You are In honor bound to Join hands
in enforcing the laws and to war against
all. crimes'- and \u25a0 especially against crime by
men of your ! own .race, for the heaviest
wrong done, by • the \u25a0 criminal , Is the , wrong
to his own . race. You must teach the people
of your race that they ,- must scrupulously
observe any contract into which they In good
faith j enter, no matter \u25a0 whether It Is hard to
keei> or not. • '-* '
, If. you save money, secure homes and lead
clean, decent;, modest lives." you will win the
respect of your neighbors . of : both races. Let
each man strive to excel his fellows only by
rendering substantial " service to . the com
munity in which; he lives. The people have
many difficulties -to. pass through, but these
difficulties will be surmounted If only the
policy of reason • and common sens© \u25a0is pur
siiftl. •
You have made real end great : progress.
According to the cenf 'is ; the colored '" people
of ! this country own and pay taxes on some
thing like |300,000,000 worth of property, and
have blotted out over BO per cent of the Il
literacy. What you have done In the past Is
an Indication of -what you will b« able to
accomplish In the future under wise leadership.
|_Your Credit!
J * '-\u25a0 Do you use it? Do you get the benefit of it? If* jpa
H not, what good is it to you? Every business man uses fe|
P§ his credit. Almost. every business house buys its mer- |||
HI chandise on one, two, three or four months' ' time— p|
|9 sometimes longer. That's credit. Now, why not get p|
Egl -the benefit of your credit, too?. |||
|||j . There are' times when nearly every family feels pi
HI the need of ready money. You need not deny yourself pi
k| a comfortable home of your own, no matter how, little
||| 'youhave. The financial standing of our customers we ' f||
||f ; don't have, to consider— the 'rich, the poor, the capital-: |||
wjm "ist'and the wage-earner are all on the same footing j|-|
|H' . withus; all treated alike, with the same; courtesy and iS
|||S consideration. Our prices and terms are alike, to all. f|y
|sjl Our credit system is founded on the inherent hon-. §02
fi| . : If t you woulci have a home of your own— furnished i p^
§§! according- to your own ideas-— that , you -would feel . ||
B| ;- proud to show your! friends— then, no' matter how lit- ||
Hp tie ready cash you have, come and see us. Talk it SO
i|f| ; over "with us and we'll find a. way. for your credit to p£|
jH Jf \ 128- 132 ELUS STREET Jil :K
"DINORAH" WINS
MUCH PRAISE
Meyerbeer's Beautiful Opera
Shows Tetrazzini's Genius
in an Entrancing Light
SHADOW DANCE CIEEAT
Queen of Song Beveals
Still More Attributes of
Greatness in Living Work
To cry for the moon — and get -it.
One may if one be'a Tetrazzlni, it
seems. They would have given her the
sun. if they had had one last night,
after the "Shadow Dance.' For In "Di
norab," and .In particular In the
"Shadow Dance," Tetrazzlni stackedup
another huge triumph for herself. No
more charming in any role Is the lit
tle singer than In this, and tip-toeing
through the dance, lilting through Its
moonlit, bejeweled measures, sheMs at
her prettiest. The thunder that fol
lowed It put Mr. Meyerbeer's to shame.
Then began a bombardment of flowers.
Tetrazzini caught one" far-flung posy
with the ease of a backstop — with
apologies to the sporting editor. More
followed, violets all. Then several
pounds of roses. It was no use at all
turning on the waterfall of the next
scene, nor Mr. Gregoretti's and Mr.
Bazelli's interesting duet. Signorlna
Tetrazzini had to return, and with the
superb "volonte" that is hers gave the
end of the exacting aria with almost
the pearly freshness with which she
began. B"ut It Is too much to demand —
and impossible not to demand!
Successful altogether was the per
formance. The opera developed most
interestingly. Curious in- its clarity
from the author of "Les Huguenots,"
merry, tuneful, dramatic, most charac
teristic and quick in its appeal, it was
enjoyed from the heroic overture to the
close. The veterans aired traditions of
a "Dinorah" given here thirty years
ago, -but that seems to be the limit of
local acquaintance wltli anything of
the opera but the "Shadow Song."
There was every indication last night
that the audience desired the acquaint
ance, to ripen into friendship, the opera
bidding fair to become one of the
favorites. >
Then the- cast was uncommonly, happy
in Its chief people, In Tetrazzlni, . as be
fore said; in Gregorettl, and in Bazelli—
yes, Bazelli, who covered himself with
glory as Corentino. Mr. Bazelli has cov
ered himself, with a good many . other
things this season, but his village fool
Is "capital comedy throughout. It needed
no libretto to translate either the terror
of Bazelli's Simple Simon in the first act.
or the simple "guying" of Gregoretti's
Hoel. Tetrazzlni looked IS, quite, as the
village . Ophelia, and contrived well to
get the elfish, fantastical feeling into the
thing. She might, however, have been a
little madder in the first act with ad
vantage. Here -she does some charming
singing. The little yawning song was
beautifully done, and In the next act the
"Gloomy Fate" was gives with a sim
plicity and sympathy that one hardly
looks for from Tetrazzini. It was alto
gether a triumph.
Gregorettl and Bazelll shared honors.
They did , some Of '.the . T>est "concerted
work that. has been done dnrlng the sea
son. ; Their first duet, with' Corentino, a
difficult and ingenious syncopation chip
ping In| \u25a0w"* 18 capital. * Gregorettl's ro
mance here,:"Deir Oto, Dell' Or," showed
him at his best, and ttie audience after
ward at its most enthusiastic. Bazelli's
was the nearest singing it has been since
his good Duke In "Rigoletto.* Bernice
Holmes was a fair goatherd and Luchtno
another Gravina and Zavello also help-
Ing. .And there was a prompter, and Mr.
Polacco consequently comfortable, and
in noble form.
This is forgetting the goat. DinoraiPs
goat, which added a bright tenor bleat to
the score and trotted across the bridge
just as if she were" at home on Telegraph
Hill.*
BLANCHE PARTINGTON
Moral and Industrial education Is -what Is
moat needed in order that this progress may
continue. The race cannot expect to do every
thing: at once. It must learn to wait and
bide its time; to prove itself worthy by show-
Ing It 3 possession of perseverance, of thrift,
of self-control. The destiny of the race is
chiefly in its own hands and must be worked
out patiently and persistently along thess
Remember also that the white man who can
be of most use to - the colored man Is that
colored man's neighbor. It Is the 'Southern
people themselves who must and can solve the
difficulties that exist In the South: of cocrse,
with the help the people of the rest of the
Union can give them, and It must and will.be
gladly and cheerfully gtven.
The hope of advancement for the colored
man In the South lies in his steady, common
sense effort to Improve his moral and material
condition and to work In harmony with the
white man In upbuilding the commonwealth.
The future of the South now depends upon the
people of both races, who most work out the
destinies of both . races not as races, but as
law-abiding American citizens.
SWINDLERS USE
NAMES OF DEAD
Information Obtained iii a
Cemetery Enables Clever
Pair to Defraud Society
810 SUM IS EEALIZED
Los Angeles Insurance Com
pany Victimized by Men
With Forged Credentials
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 21.— Through th«
shrewd work of a pair of swindlers tha
United Patriots of America, a local ln^
surance organization with branches at
various points in this end of the State,
has been defrauded out of a considerable
sum and the authorities are now search
ing for the swlndlers-
The organization is composed mostly ot
members of the National Guard, but it
is open to general membership. Two
weeks ago two young men giving th©
names of E. R. Sherrin and J. H. Snarkey
applied to the officers of the company
for work as solicitors. They presented
excellent recommendations which. It has
since been discovered were forged. They
were put to work to solicit new members,
it being agreed that they were to b»
paid so much for each new member. As
a result of their work the membership la
the order appeared to enjoy a boom.
They handed In scores of applications
daily and were paid for them at contract
rates.
In due time notices were mailed to th»
new applicants for membership telling
them to call at a certain time and be ex
amined. It was then that the fraud was
discovered. The notices were responded
to by relatives of the persons named la
the applications and the Information giv
en that the "applicant" had died months
ago. Investigation disclosed that th»
swindlers had gone to Rosedale cemetery
and there copied name after name from
the tombstones. They had also- turned
In names of prominent citizens without
having first ' consulted them.
Before they could be apprehended they
disappeared and their present where
abouts is not known. Officers of the or
ganization refuse to state the' exact
amount of their loss, but admit that It is
a considerable sum.
To Care m Cold In One Day
Take LAXATIVE BROMO Quinine Tablets.
Drujnslsts refund money It It falls to cur*.
E.W . GROVE'S signature Is on «ach box. 23c«
Seeks Damages for Injuries.
- SANTA ROSA. Oct. 24.— J. A. Palmer
of Sonoma has filed a $5000 damage suit
against L. G. Schmidt of the Petalunta
Bottling Works for alleged injuries re
ceived when the four-horse team and
wagon of Schmidt ran into his vehicle
at Petaluma. Palmer was thrown out
and his thighbone was broken in such
a manner that he claims he will never
again be able to use It.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
McClure's Magazine
Out To-day
C"With the Reminiscen-
ces of that friend of
the makers of history, Carl
Schurz; with Kipling's dar-
ing and vivid story of his
ride in an airship; with Ray
Stannard Baker's fearless i
exposition of the way m ! *^
which railroad rates are
made; and with storks by
Mrs. Wilson Woodrow, Jean
Webster and Samuel Hop-
kins Adams, this particular;
number of McQurc's Maga-
zine is an important begin-
ning of the new year, and
cannot be overlooked by any
one who wants the best
reading matter that can be
bought.
S. S. MeCLURE COMPAWY
44-6O East 23d Street
NEW YORK
THE |
Los Angeles Times
SAJT FRAXCISCO OFFICE \
IS' NOW IN
Room 41, Chronicle Bldg.
Telephone Main 1473.
Arthur L. Fish, Representative
The Times Is the advertising
•medium of the Southwest. X,
'HOTEL ST. FRANCIS
, Has the Best Equipped
' .'. end Handsomest . .
GRILL iOOMui CAFE
IN SAN FRANCISCO
Business Men's - Lunch a S p ecialty
O ""'" .'. . O
TOR SHERIFF
Peter j;£urtis
REGULAR. DEMOCRATIC AND
RE PUBLICAN NOMINEE. j
BAJA CALIiFORNIA
I)amiiana!Bitteps
|SA" GREAT • RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA- Jl
.*. tor and-Nervlß*. - «. . - • • ' y-^^r.
. The, most ,wond«rtul aphrotllatac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Orgar.a. for both sex**.
The Mexican ; Remedy Tor Diseases .ot -,U»4
Kidneys, and Bladder. •-: Sells on it» own merits.
SABER,'* ALFS & BRUNE, AjfenU.^
823 Market «., 3. F.— (Send for Clrcui»r.JINSPIRING CHEERS FOR PARTRIDGE IN THE STRONGHOLDS OF LABOR
/« the center of the wage-earning stronghold^ at Eintracht Hall^ south of Market street,' John S. Partridge, Fusion nominee for ' May or^ last night addressed 3500 men. The
v ovation accorded the candidate who stands o?i the platform of common honesty was highly gratifying and deeply significant. It signifies a change for the better in public
sentiment and inspires with renewed courage the people of San Francis co^ who have resolved to oust the grafters from places of power.
FUSION NOMINEES SPEAK TO VAST AUDIENCE IN EINTRACHT HALL
Nearly Four Thousand Citizens
Pack Eintracht Hall to
Hear Candidate.
Greeting Extended to the Fusion
Standard- Bearer Shakes the
Large Building,
The mass meeting: addressed by John
6. Partridge last night at Eintracht Hall
In the heart of the Labor Union section
ef the city, was the largest yet faced
by the candidate heading the Fusion
ticket. The estimates of the police and
the manager of the hall vary from 3500
to 4000 people, packed In the building to
a point of suffocation.
Prior to the speech at Eintracht Hall
Mr. Partridge visited a crowded house at
Waennerbund Hall, where he was -warm
ly creeled. The outlook for the man who
really has at heart the best interests of
the worklneman. is most encouraging in
the very districts that are populated by
the workingmen.
If the meetings held last night were
any criterion on results Ruef and Schmitz
will be compelled to seek other districts
for the great majorities that Ruef pre
dicts labor will roll up for him south of
Market street. To Quote the candidate's
own words: "It begins to appear that
the workingman is awakening as to who
Are his true friends."
When a man can so into the heart of
s, district supposedly populated by his
opponents as Partridge did last night
and receive the ovaticn that was accord
ed him it begins to appear that the tide
Is turning away from the grafters and
red light workers to the cause of decency
end the home life.
From the time the crowds in the street
were beard cheering Mr. Partridge as he
approached Eintracht Hail last night
until the Fusion leader ascended the
platform the cheering was loud and pro
longed. Through the crowds massed at
the door down the aisle lined with cheer
ing men and extended hands, Mr. Par- j
tridce was hustled to the stage and when
he stood upon the platform facing the
cheering multitude the volume of sound
Jarred the walls and the stamping of
feet shook the floor.
DISORDER. SUPPRESSED.
Mr. Partridge, with his eyes flashing
and his lips smiling, stood patiently
awaiting an opportunity to speak while
the cheering broke forth afresh again
and again. When he did start to speak
a. voice in the gallery yelled for Schmitz.
Instantly tram hundreds of throat* on
floor and in galleries yelled "put him
cut." The cry was taken up and be
came a chant until a policeman In the
gallery started to eject the man. At
that Instant Partridge's clear, ringing
tones rose above the noise and he asked
that the man be allowed to remain. The
Incident served to illustrate the temper
of the gathering and- there were no more
Interruptions.
Mr. Partridge was introduced as "our
next Mayor, a man whom we have all
learned to love." He spoke in part as
follows :
I stand for the «<ruare deal and I stand for
the manhood of San Francisco, whether in tha
breast of the merchant or in the breast of
the. poort-Et workman in tne city. When I am
interrupted In the course of my speaking- It
only hurts me }3 that \ want the people co
bear the message I bring them, whether they
vote for me or not, but it is not by yelling at
xne that rr.y opponents can hope to win this
fight.
They might as well stop sending me obscene
letters, they might as well stop hurling vile
epithets, thex might as we:i etop sending hired
thugs to break up meeting* and shadow me,
for there is no power on earth that will pre
vent me from fighting to the end man to man,
and 'winning the fight.
Ia that hall' on the edpe of the Forty- fourth
District words were burled at me by thugs
and ruffians that if flunc at me In the street
would cause one of us to go down and out.
Words that caused the women in the hall to
rise and leave, unable to s:t through the vile
• term that was hurled from the galleries.
WILL FIGHT SQUARELY.
TO will not resort to such methods, because
I'm going to fight fair ana square, and when it
ts finished my opponents will know they've
tieen In a fight and it w::i take ten to count
tne out. I have just come from a hall at
Twenty-fourth and Potrero. They warned me
not to go there, as I might be assaulted.
That did not deter me rrom bearing to the
labor xn«n my message, and what did I find?
Uaennerbund Hall paclcea to overflowing with
the woridngroen of the district, who cheered
the rrlnclplee I ettr.fl for to the echo. I am
told by the other ride that the worklngmen
ere soli 4 for Schmitz. 1\ cay it is a lie and
that many of the thlnkir.r worklngmen of this
city will cast their voUs on election day for
the Fusion ticket from top to bottom, we're
% |~on ~~ ]
Arising
drink half a class of
tb« Natural La ia tiro
\ "Water
j Hunyadi Janos
5 to insure a ft*ee move-
\ znent of the bowels ,
, and relief from
nONSTIPATION
A*k for ft by the foil .
name
I Hunyadi Janos
'Always Remember the Toll Jiamo
f? asative Rromo Qprnme
CereS o CoW iaOneDcy, Gnp in 2 Days
J&PTLaJ onevcry
cure* Sprains, BruUea, Moequito Blteg. SMnn of
SSi P sunburns. Burns, Toothache. Heedacht. '
PARTRIDGE SPEAKS
THREE TIMES TO-DAY
Open air— Chestnut and San
some streets at 12:30 y. in.
Take Battery-street cars.
Grand rally at the Albambra
Theater. Eddy and Jonea
mtrectn, at 8 p. m.
Thirty-fifth District — Sym
posium Hall, Mission street,
near Twenty-second, at 8 n. m.
Take Mission-street cars.
going to win this fight by fifteen thousand ma
jority. '
At the conclusion of Partridge's speech
Henry U. Brandensteln took upon Himself
tha task of attacking the present ad
ministration and tearing: to pieces the
records of the men on the other ticket
regarding their relation with labor. He
told of the work of the Board of Super
visors and the Insight they had gained
Into the grafting that is going on at the
City Hall. He told of Schmitz's words as
he dismissed one of the foremost labor
leaders of the city, Michael Casey, from
the Board of Public Works. Schmits
said, speaking of Casey, "God made him
for a man; let him pass as such." And
then the Mayor appointed to succeed him
a man who is not a representative of the
labor Interests of the community.
The first speaker and one of the best
of the evening was Thomas W. Hlckey,
who was presented by the chairman of
the evening, James Filgate. Hickey was
enthusiastically received and gave his
hearers what one enthusiast character
ised as "the true dope" on the present
administration. He told of the necessity
in the old days for a young man enter
ing politics to be branded with the boss'
brand of political Infamy before he was
accepted as a party worker. He urged the
voters to fight against such a condition
by defeating Buef and Schmitz.
Robert Ferral of the District Attorney's
office was aleo a leading speaker. He
warned the people against placing an
Incompetent man In the District At
torney's office, for cuch an act, he said,
would be provocative of riot and the
vigilance committee. He said that Dang
don was a better man than Brandensteln
for school teacher, but that the office of
District Attorney was too much to pay
to a "good fellow." He added that the
District Attorney's office was not a place
to learn the law; one should know the
law before he goes there.
The other speaker of the evening was
M. J. Kuhl, who attacked the records
of the opposing candidates as not show- ,
iifg a care cf the laboring man's Interest.
He urged that the city be cleaned out
before it is repaired and referred to the
Inability of the city to sell Its bonds,
although It has not a dollar of Indebted
ness.
THIRTV-SECOXD TURNS OUT.
Partridge Received by Enthusiastic
Crowd That Fills Maen
aerbuod Hall.
In the heart of the Thirty-second
district, at Maennerbund Hall. Mr.
Partridge was greeted. by an audience
that filled every available space and
lined the hallways back to the stairs.
At the beginning: of the meeting there
were a few cheers for Schmitz, but the
faint effort put forth by Ruef's admir
ers raised a laugh and the Interruptions
were not attempted again during the
evening-.
The presiding officer of the evening,
M. J. Wren, introduced Daniel A. Ryan
as the first speaker. Ryan was at his
best last night and put forth the issues
of the fight In forceful words.- Ho
spoke in part as follows:
This la. one of the greatest political conUsta
ever waged in Saa Francisco. Never has there
been on* so Interesting, co absorbing or so bit
ter. It Is not an ordinary political fight In
tha general acceptance of the word. It Is a
contest for what may be characterized in tha
simple words decency In city government. It
Is the campaign of the fathers and mothers.
It Is a campaign to rescue aan Francisco from
the man that hold* ber entirely in his hand,
Abraham Ruef. j i
Ko one can deny that he controls the city
government. Look at th« Board of Works, the I
Police Commission, the Firs Commission. Look
at th« Health Board and the Election Board.
Do they not do the bidding of tha boss without
a murmur? If you wanted to build a home
in San Francisco to-day you would have to
pay for the privilege. Ruef owns and controls
Schmitz as he owns and controls the commis
sions and the city government. 1
Here you have the representatives" of the
voters controlled by a man who was 'never
heard of in connection with labor until labor
could serve his turn. It is a false issue in this
fight to cry class against class and that the
capitalists are trying to down the labor unions.
If «uch were the case would not the labor
leaders of the city, Btate and nation be hero
fighting for their organization? This is not
labor's fight; It Is a fight against Abe Ruef
and graft.
If this was a fight against labor you would
not find me on this platform; you would find
me, heart and soul, working for the. cause I
was brought up In and among- whose people
I number my relatives and friends. If . this
were such a fight would you find John S. Par
tridge, a workingman since his youth, heading
a ticket composed of men who have modest
means at best?
Where Is the labor ticket? Are you repre
sented on It? Were you consulted In its form
ation, and did you sanction and indorse' tbe
Jobchasers that monopolize the ticket to the
exclusion of labor representatives? Who Is I
this man who sets himself ac the protector of
the rights of labor? You have heard of the
Fairmount district. In the vicinity of Thirtieth
and Castro streets, where Gray Brothers' quar
ry is blasting near the homes of the . poor.
Schmite ' may fool some of the worklngmen
some of the time, but the men in that district
know that the present issue of this campaign
is between the poor people and Gray Brothers.
The Board 'of Supervisors passed an ordinance
prohibiting the blasting, maintaining that It
was destroying' the homes of the poor. Eu
gene, the champion of labor, vetoes the ordi
nance, and the blasting is resumed. Did he or
Abe Ruef care? Why was the ordinance ve
toed? I leave that to your common sense.
Do you know that there are • 107 non-union
men In the employ of Gray Brothers, and yet
union men that are led by P. H. McCarthy
bundle the bricks made by tbe firm? Is It out
of the kindness of their hearts that these fa
vors are granted to Gray Brothers?
• Mr. Partridge entered the hall at j the
conclusion* of Mr, Ryan's ; speech and
THE SAN FRANGISGO VGALL,^WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER \u25a02S/1905.
PARTRIDGE
IS GAINING
IN THE RACE
Steady Advancement Noted
by the Leaders of Fusion
Forces in the Districts
South of Market Street
GBAFTERS PERCEIVE
A TURN OF AFFAIRS
Mass Meeting at Alhambra
Theater To-Night Will. "Be
Addressed by Well-Known
Citizens of the Metropolis
The weakening on the line of the
grafters is perceptible. It is true that
the Schmitz rallies are well attended
and that the janitors, pavers, sweepers,
inspectors and others on the municipal
pay roll shout in chorus for the Mayor,
but the demonstrations have not the
strength and character noted In the
Union Labor meetings two years ago.
Many of the leaders in the cause of
organized labor are silent. «Too much
Ruef has made them weary and sick.
The frank, fearless and manly at
titude of John S. Partridge, the can
didate of the Republicans and Demo
crats, 1b respected and applauded.
There is widespread belief that Part
ridge will drive out the boodlers and
grafters and conduct the affairs of
local government on lines of common
honesty and with justice to all classes.
Workingmen note the fact that the
founders of the Union Labor party get
the promise of patronage in the heat
of election campaigns, but that Ruef's
henchmen get the goods when the bat
tle is over.
One of the significant events of the
campaign was the tremendous meeting
last night at Eintracht Hall, in the cen
ter of the Union Labor camp south of
Market street. It is estimated that
nearly 400&. men listened to John* 8.
Partridge, giving earnest attention to
his appeal" for common honesty in the
management of city affairs. The truth
is again demonstrated that the people
of San Francisco, irrespective of
wealth, station or political affiliation,
intend to give Partridge a fair deal.
Ruffians and rowdies, incited by des
i perate grafters, may insult the fusion
speakers, but the common people re
sent such tactics.
The election signs at present fore
shadow as large a vote for Partridge
south of Market street as the vote of
Crocker and Lane combined. There Is
not the slightest doubt of Partridge
gains in the south of Market street sec
tion. In the Republican League dis
tricts north of the great avenue the
Partridge majorities will be immense.
The Fusion Campaign Committee made
no mistake In carrying the war against
graft and boodle into the districts
which Schmitz carried two years ago
and which he believed at the beginning
of the present contest that he would
against win with increased majorities.
The Mayor now 6ees the. folly of the
Ruef ters in tearing down Partridge
banners and hurling unspeakable
epithets at the fusion nominees. The
reaction has taken place and the Mayor
is hedging. \u25a0
The demonstration at .. the * Alhambra
Theater to-night in support of the prin
ciples of a clean administration of muni
cipal affairs may be very important.
Fairfax H. Wheelan, one of the foremost
leaders and organizers of the campaign
to expel the boodlers and grafters from
the City Hall, will speak his sentiments
freely and fearlessly.
wa» next presented. He \u25a0poke In part
as follows:
This is the first district in whlob I - did
politics and this is the very hall In which I
made my first speech. Right here I am re
ceiving the great receptions that have been
my lot since I started the campaign, with tn»
exception of the meeting at Garibaldi Hall.
There I was Insulted and the language was so
foul that women left the hall in ahame and
confusion. But I reseat it with indignation
when it is said that labor men created th»
disturbance. Its a He. The men who raised
the rlof at Garibaldi Hall were hired thus*
and ruffian*. To-day t among the mechanic!
in a laboring center I told my story and wai
listened to respectfully. Do you think those
are the men who are around Inciting riot and
trying to break up meetings?
The condition of the Board of Health to
day Is scandalous. The revelations concerning
Kb methods are astounding. ' Dr. . Dillon has
told you of the diseased meat and irnpurt
milk passed by the Board, of Health 'for sal<
In the homes of the poor. They were sold to
bring in the revenue of graft, and are the
men who permit such a thing your friends!
I am under the domination of.no political
or mercantile agency. When Mayor Schmlti
learned I was the choice of the caucus'- hr
launched his first He • about me. He said 1
was an A. P. A. When he found that couldn't
be made to stick he charged me ,with bein»
a puppet like himself . When the : people re
fused to believe that hft .: followed, up his to
cusatlons with the charge that I lived "In
Berkeley. There is one thing,! want you" to
be sure of. No honest, decent, self-respecting
man Is going to get' the worst of It from
John Partridge. ; \ .\u25a0:
SECOND CROWD IS DISAPPOINTED
Owing? to Unfortunate Error at Fusion
: Headquarters Worklnsrmen Fall "*\ \u25a0-
to Hear Partridge.
Through error at headquarters of the
fuslonists a large crowd of working
men were disappointed, in the failure of
John S. Partridge to speak at Folsom
and Seventh f street • yesterday . noon.
When it was learned at .fusion head
quarters that . 300 -hid gathered 'at the
street corner an attempt was made to"
locate ' Mr. Partridge and ask. hlm-sto
visit the other place, , but without avail.'
Although '\u0084 no -announcement i was
made of- a. meeting «af. Nineteenth a and
Harrison streets, v a| fair sized : crowd^
was ; present to" llstun to / the words \ol.
the fusion leader and gave ; him aVcor-^
dial welcome. ThetV attitude' of "the
workingmen who attend' these open air,
meetings lends : encouragement ; to ;\u25a0 the
Partridge workers Jin .their^ efforts to
hold, down the Schmitz \u0084votes, votes .. In the
labor districts. ' '* "' ' : . •
WRITS OF MANDATE
ISSUED TO COMMISSION
Attorney for Higher Liquor License Peti
tioners Goes to Supreme Court.
The Election Commissioners were
served with writs of mandate yesterday
by the Supreme' Court compelling them to
place upon the ballot at the coming elec
tion the question of higher liquor license.
The proceedings of mandamus were is
sued on the petition of Attorney J.
White, who represents the petitioners for
a higher liquor license. The issuance of
the mandamus would appear to have been
an unnecessary proceeding on the part of
White, inasmuch as the Election 1 Com
mission had done at its meeting last
Thursday afternoon the. very thing which
they, are ordered to do In the mandamus.
In his petition for mandamus White al
leges that the Election Board has J taken
no action in the matter ? of placing the
question of higher liquor license on the
ballot so that the public might be given
a chance to sustain the petitioners or
otherwise. Last - Thursday afternoon a
special . meeting was called by the board
and the attorneys representing the two
sides of the liquor question were invited
to appear. White did ; not show up,, and
after the argument of counsel for the
liquor dealers was heard, by/ unanimous
vote of the Commissioners a motion was
passed to the effect that the question go
on the official ballot reading, "Imposing
a license ;on' retail; liquor dealers; of $125
a quarter, for or against." j
§£At the regular meeting of the board last
night Attorney White was accused by the
board of having falsely represented the
facts of the ; case: to the j Supreme Court:
The Commissioners iweref irate after hay
ing done 5 last Thursday iln open " meeting
what White ; demanded them to do when
he ' petitioned for,: mandamus Monday. ; \
Civil Service Commissioner John Rogers,
one of the strongest advocates of the high
er 'liquor; license, - expressed i himself ; as
wroth at the \u25a0 action' of .White' In securing
the mandamus, i White sustained his action
by stating | that he ".was $ fearful [ lest jj the
Election Commission should . be unfriendly
to* his 4 movement. ...He -admitted that-he
did not know that action had! been taken
onthe matter. \u25a0,»,,,\u25a0 \u25a0"\u25a0' 'i
Attorney. Kehoe for. the liquor men as>c
ed"- that 7 the l. words ythe^ ordinance.' -\ be
stricken j from the 'ballot ':\u25a0 f orm/l claiming
that /these' words %. added ' ;to, * •'for;: or
against"- would invalidate ; the vote onlthe
question. ', His views were not accepted by
the commission. p ' The^ matter, was : dropped
and^ the "i previous ruling In
will • hold ' sway;;:; ;\u25a0;:.; 7 .';,•\u25a0 : ' \- . ; ._, _ • : : _.- ; \u25a0 . ;. . ; \u25a0\u25a0 : \u25a0 ;;
W. J. Lausterer, r, superintendent of \u25a0 the
United States Voting Machine factory, ap-
peared In answer to a citation and stated
that the. voting machines could not be
manipulated so as to register a false
vote. :\u25a0;\u25a0:;- '. \u25a0 : - • \u25a0 .- .
Members of the Grand Jury were pres
ent to see the outcome of- the' liquor
license ballot proposition. The committee
of the jury were invited to be present
when the machines were sealed and
opened in. the booths. One representa
tive from each political party will also
be invited to be present to see that every
thing is square. \u25a0
SLOSS POINTS OUT REMEDY.
Criminal Court* Moat Deal With Vot
er* Illegally Resist ered. '
To the criminal courts will be taken
the question of the right to vote of the
SOvu or more persons whose names it
is alleged "by the Republican League
have been • illegally entered on " the
Great Register. Superior Judge Sloss
decided -yesterday that this is the »nly
way that the"; right of these people to
vote can be. determined, the general
public, being \ without equitable , remedy.
i The decision was reaohed.in the case
instituted ;; by Perry H. Newberry to
compel the Board of Election
sioners; to strike from the Great Reg
ister the names it is alleged are illegal-,
ly. there. Investigation as to
the ; truth V^bf j the J allegations, the Elec
tion; Commission -to make the
necessary order, going upon the theory
that If ; in fact; the ; names are illegally
there \u25a0 it- could r be ; reasonably assumed
that they' represent ' that much; addi
tional • strength for the corrupt admin
istratlon.e ;K ; v
% Further, .':' argument' on . the case -was
heard by, Judge Sloss yesterday and' at
its conclusion he "sustained a: demurrer
to the complaint, 1 holding that If in fact
. the suit ; ; could be sustained it would
be ; necessary." for. air of the persons
whose names ; lt; is" alleged are illegally
[on the ; Great * Register . to be Joined " as
defendants. "-Judge ; Sloss * said ':. further,
that 1 the lawi provides al;sufficienta 1 ; sufficient rem
edy? for ;• Illegal lvoters ;>nd that .every,
man whose r right to f vote f was ques-^
tloned could! be . challenged \u25a0 at ; the polls
and Ithat : ; If ; he ";.-' persisted 1 1n Illegally,
swearing lin jhis^vote she; could be ;ar-^
rested % and £ prosecuted -if or, 'his - offense
against' the purity^qf; the, ballot .v:;
\u25a0 'It' Is* the : definite] purpose, of ' the ,Re-^
publican - League *to place men • In ; every"
booth to challenge the men charged
SCHMITZ RIDICULOUS
IN HIS CHAR GES.
Mayor Declares Fusionists Hired Thugs
to Disturb Garibaldi Meeting.
Mayor Schmitz seemed to be in a
highly humorous frame of mind last
night It may be that he did not mean
to be funny in his remarks, but when
he directly accused Partridge of pack
ing Garibaldi Hall a week ago with
rowdies and crooks to disturb his own
meeting be departed from tbe humor
ous and entered the realms of absurd
ity/ . . . • . —. \u25a0'
He made this accusation with a
great show of candor, stating that . it
was a secret .which had but just come
to his ears, and yet at the very time
at which he said It he knew that tbe
meeting waa held In the very heart of
the Ruef section, and he remembered
the command of his master . made at
the Alhambra Theater, when be ordered
bis paid ruffians to Insult the fusion
leaders whenever possible and to make
trouble at the meetings of the rival
candidates. Schmitz accused the fus
ionists 'of quietly planning this dis
graceful, demonstration as a play for
the decent votes of r this city.. Yet
when he said the words he knew that
many of the demonstrators wore his
own button and were well-known
members :of the ; Ruef camp. Still the
Mayor ' said all this and assured his
hearers - that \u25a0 he was making . a quiet,
lady-like campaign,, with no mud
slinging and no casting of untruths at
his* opponents. , as if hoping that this
appearance of decency would ' cast a
mist over the eyes of the intelligent
voter and prevent him from seeing the
falsehood that peeped out from be
neath.
Mayor Schmitz also made another
startling declaration. 'He admitted
that r many of ;_ the ''* labor leaders and
wage earners were switching, to^the
fusion 1 ranks, but In the , same breath
he cried that ; they had been purchased
• with boodle funds. The Mayor admit
ted that;- he was losing votes among
those . from -whom he had the
strongest support, and then, to hide the
real significance of these desertions, he
raised the shout of fraud, hoping that
! the' eyes of -the 'voter would be again
with": illegal , registration and if they
persist' to : cause lthelr.< arrest: In view
of this fact: it will be Interesting to see
how I many . of these 1 men do persist in
their; effort \ to j get in ' the ' penitentiary
by, fraudulently swearing In their votes
In an 'effort, to bolster up a corrupt and
losing cause
j blinded. But such was not tbe case.
: Scant cheers greeted this accusation
.against the workingmen of this city.
On the other band, the Mayor said
that he was gaining votes among tbe
men .in the wholesale district. He
spent the entire afternoon of yesterday
in visiting this district and be met
there many of tbe business men of tha
city. With him were several of tbe
candidates of tbe Union Labor party.
Three large meetings greeted Mayor
Schmitz last night. The first was an
open air gathering, held at the Inter
section of Folsom street and Preolta
avenue. Stephen | Burns presided.
A large crowd waa gathered in Har
mony Hall. Mission and Erie streets.
Riggers' and Stevedores' Hall. 121
New Montgomery street, was well
filled. 'The Mayor was greeted with
cheers as be entered the building. • It'
was s here • that be made .his charges
against the fuslonists and said that tha
-workingmen were selling, out to the
other side.
BURGLARS CALMLY RANSACK
HOUSE OF JOHN A. BENSON
Effect Entrance From the Rear and
Slake Away With About 9900
Worth of Jewelry.
The residence of John A. Benson,
who came Into considerable prominence
recently through timber land frauds,
was entered by burglars some time be
tween Friday afternoon and Monday
morning and Jewelry to the value of
$300 stolen. The houM. No. 109S Lom
bard street, was vacated temporarily
and the thieves took advantage of the
absence of the family to ply their craft.
They climbed over a rear shed and cut
one window screen for entrance.
Benson reported the burglary to the
police yesterday morning. He said he
left for the country with his family
Friday afternoon and when he returned
he discovered that the house had heen
looted. _• When Detective SUva arrived
at the scene he found that - the screen
that covered one of the rear windows
had keen cut and that an entrance bad
been effected that -way. •
The; articles stolen- consisted of a
ring. pin. necklace and a set of spoons..
PLEHN TO LECTURE.— AIameda. Oct. 24.—
Dr. Carl C. Fl«hn of tha University of Cali
fornia will Jectnr* ; . before the Unitarian ; Club
to-morrow \u25ba night ' " on ; "President Roosevelt's
Railroad Policy." Musical numbers will .: b*
rendered by Mr. Rosebrooka of the f^»«ti. i t j a
Xfc t at«r - and Law «U Rtftflald.
34
PILOT BOARD INVESTIGATING
WRECK OF STEAMSHIP ALAMEDA
JOHNSON ON TRIAL BEFOR"E : THE COMMISSIONERS
The Ftate Board of Pilot Commission
ers, Captains H. Z. Howard, M. C. Ers
kine and B. M. Freeman, held a session
yesterday and heard the- testimony of nu
merous witnesses in investigation of the
tlranditi£ of the steamship Alameda at
Fort Point on September 30. When the
facts of the disaster were officially re
jKirtcd to the board by Captain T. H.
Barber, port ajtcnt. the license of Charles
U. Johnson, the pilot In charge of the
Alafaeda^ wae suspended, pending the
inquiry.
The Commissioners were subsequently
advised that Captain Johnson had re
tained Senator <j. Ft. Lukens as- counsel.
A preliminary session of the Commission
er? was hold at Captain Howard's offlce,
Pacific street wharf, a few days ago and
at that time the t^timony of Dr. Rice,
surgeon of the steamship Alameda, was
t«k<*n, as he was about to sail for Aus
tralia. He testified that h*. did not hoar
the whistle at Fort Point until the ship
struck and that he did not hear any sig
nal from .Lime Point.
After the testimony of the surgeon was
taken, thr inquiry was adjourned until
October 24 at the request of Senator Lu
kens. who desired to call a number of
witnesses.
At 11 a. m. yrsterday the Commission
ers met at the Pilot efflce, 506 Battery
Ktr»et. ol<l Merchants' Exchange bulld-
JnR. Captain Howard, president of the
board. pr*»sid^d and administered the oath
to Charles It. Holton. official stenograph
er, and to all witnesses. Pilot Charles
B. Johnson and his attorney were pres
ent throughout th<» session.
Pilot Johnpon whs the first witness
railed. Replying to questions, he nar
rated the Incident* of the trip from
Prtflfx' street pier to Fort Point. Com
rnisMonos Howard, Freeman and Krs
klne made diligent inquiry concerning the
course lip steered after leaving the posi
tion off Melggs wharf, when a pause wa»
I J A Diamond^
f( Gold Watch J
Nothing Down
If You Br ng This Ad
Quality Guaranteed I
liofldayc «rr romlng — B«lect your
rr^f^nt* now. You'll be purpriHrd '\
h<v»- f*« Umr will fly. 2
, nernrmbrr. you can exchanir* your \u25a0
diamond.* at full value for a laicer
•t<ir««>. or for Jpwelr>-. furs, *uit«,
rloakt and fuinlture of gr«>at<«r valu»\ ? ,
It y<m <~an"t mil at our rooms. Jun ! !
rh'^ip .!.-«hn 2."1 and w*'\\ ptn4 you a 3 !
Gi 1 « 11, /Zi \u25a0
(raldoujhvanvS
Special al g iJV /> f/.
. A very dainty but |n^°
xv^sl-mad«s Knife, and of 1^
L««tt pat»ern. Ha* I!^ J
I three finely tempered lV^ A
sic<l felafles and 'nail lvi J
[ file . Hnndle Is of pearl. \*i; |
J A splendid value at Vj
\ this special price Ci m J3fT
A My line of >^vL
is hea r b and v^^**!?
Sdtfort ft jr,^^ =
larpe and very x.S^
choice, ; rang-- S^r 3 s
• ihg: from ?sc^^ I*
'7 I Rttv.orti and Knlic
I I Hj'unl and Ground. v
\u25a0 I R «"»!-« honed for 25c
\u25a0f Mail orders promptly Sited.
I THAT MAN PITTS
j| F X\*. PITTS, The Stationer,
|l lOOS Market St.. -an Fraaclae*.
fi\ lIRi <^ AmjauniUon.l Uuntlr.j and
U* i E* S S^ortlnif Goo^. UargMt
0m 1 I I\l * took L* I*^*l1 *^* 1 Prteet. gead
it J 1 1 II \u25a0 1 fnr catalcrue.
Vb# W I «%& 6HREVE * BARBER CO.,
7S» Market »t. and 621
KeanorVct. '
t made to wait for a tug that was signal
ing the steamer. . The thickening of the
fog'wffs described and the incident, dwelt
upon that through the rift of the fog
high land was visible for an Instant,
which led the pilot to surmise that he
was near the north shore, although ho
did not hear the Lime Point whistle.
Pilot Johnson testified that he got the
Impression from something which .. Cap
tain Dowdell said that the captain feared
the ship was too near LJme Point. Ha
said he could not recollect the. words
used by the captain.
Later on Captain Thomas Dowdell tes
tified that he gave the ship Into Pilot
Johnson's charge immediately on leaving
Pacific street wharf. - The time was given
as 11:11 a. m. Captain Dowdell testified
on direct- and fros*»~examinatTbn -that
he did not say to Pilot Johnson that the
ship was too close to the north shore,
and did not use any language Implying
that he had such an opinion. Captain
Dowdell did testify, however, that shortly
after the fog thickened, while the vessel
was going at full speed, he suggested
half speed and the sounding of the
whistle.
Pilot Johnson testified that Captain
Dowdell gave the order for half speed
and, the sounding of the whistle, but that
he (Johnson) did not interpose an objec
tion. The captain testified that the pilot
was sober.
Other witnesses as follows testified:
Peter C. N>l6on, lighthouse keeper Lime
Point; George D. Cobb, lighthouse keep
er. Port Point: T. Olsen, seaman lookout;
Jack Ellis, quartermaster; L. "S. Jordan,
third officer; P. J. Owens, chief engineer,
steamship Alameda; Pilots. John yon
Helms. John E. McCulloch and George
D. Korts.
An affidavit from Howard K. James,'
of Alameda.- to the effect that he heard
the Lime Point fog horn on September
30. 1905. at 11:30 a. m., was submitted.
Peter C. Nelson's testimony, was to the
efft<:t that the DTme Point whistle was
blowing before the distress' signals of the I
Alameda were heard. He offered to sub
mit affidavits to corroborate his testi
mony, but Attorney Lukens objected on
the ground that the aftlants were not
present for cross-examination. The af
fidavits were not admitted. \u25a0
The investigation will be resumed to
day.
Bearings Were Accurate.
Charles J. Johnson, second mate of
the steamer St_ Paul when she was
wrecked off the northern coast of Cal
ifornia recently, Plates that In the pub
lished reports of his testimony before
the United States inspectors he was
made to say that the bearings of the
St. Paul on Fort Bragg at the time of
the disaster were inaccurate, whereas
he testified thnt they were accurate.
H. E. HL.VTI.XGTO.V LEAVES
TIIK PAGIFIC-U.VIOV CLUB
Railway Mnjennt«-"r« Business Intrrettfts
In Southern California Given as
Reason for His Retirement.
The fact that H. E. Huntlngton, vice
president of the Southern Pacific Com
pany and head of the Los Angeles,
street railway system, had resigned
froni the Paclflc-Cnlon Club became
known yesterday .and gave rise to a
rumor that the railway magnate's re
tirement from the club was due to
some trouble. !&*•>•£*
It. later developed that Mr. Hunting
ton resigned from the Pacific-Union
Club several mon(hs ago, but the fact
did not become generally known until
the issuance of the clubs' annual blue
book. In which his name did not ap
pear.
Mr. Huntlngton arrived here several
days ago from tho- south to welcome
homo from the Orient President E. H.
Harrlman, and dined yesterday at the
Pacific-Union Club as the guest of
Banker Antoine BorH. ' It was stated
later in the day that Air. Huntirtgton
had retired from the club because he
is now a resident of Southern Califor
nia and that his business Interests
there prevented him from enjoying: club
life In San Francisco.
rfi^li^^Si^®^SMr4 ;
illSl lt>Ot •- T^^; iuZumr***^'.:.; TvwrVCXl U>
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, \\^DNESDAY, CCT^
pilot who was in Charge of the steamship alameda when that j
vessel went. ashore at fort toixt testifying yesterday be
fore the state board of pilot commissioners. . ' i
THREATEN WAR
IN CHINATOWN
Blood may. .flow in Chinatown at any
tnonient, for highbinders of the Suey
Sing tong ha,ve sworn to exterminate
the whole Louie family because of the
arrest of Ng Poy for the murder of
Louie Poy in Ross alley on August .24.
Louie Chew, S23H Sacramento street,,
brother of the»..murdered . man, who
swore:, to. tho,^p\aj>lalnt charging Ng
Poy with murder, has been "served twice:
with notice from the highbinders that'
be -Would be killed if he did not with-.
draw, the,.-, complaint, and the same*
method of revenge would be followed
In' regard to every member of the Louie
family in Chinatown."
Louie Chew appealed to the Six Com
panies for protection. The .Six Com
panies held a meeting on Monday night
to" discuss the matter." No action was.
taken, owing, it is alleged, to the faci
that Lee Ling, the secretary of the Six
Companies, Is a member of "the Suey
Sing tong. Louie Chew thereupon ap
pealed to the Chinese Consul General.
Chief Dlnan was also notified. lie
sent for Sergeant Ross of. the Ctiina
town squad and. instructed him to af- j
ford every protection to. the; members ,
cf the Louie family and to search high- i
binders for weapons. Merchants who
bear the name of Louie* are so afraid
that the highbinders will carcy out
their threats that they have employed
Morse's patrolmen to guard their prop
erty and -persons: -•. • ; ;
Louie Poy was murdered because it
was said he gave away secrets "of the
Suey Sings to rival tongs. The police,
however, say that Ng Poy and Louie
Poy had trouble over a Chinese woman I
slave and that. this was the cause of;
the murder. Ng Poy was arrested by
Detective George McMahon on Satur
day and Louie Chew swore to the'com- j
plaint on Monday morning;. .
PASSEXCERS ON PASSING
CARS BU.MI 1 HEADS TOGETHER
Wiliam Larson, 261 C Utah ' street, a
passenger on a north bound Mission
street car, and Edward Nellman,. 1613
Poweil street, a passenger on a south
bound Third street 1 - car, "bumped their
heads together as the two oars were
pasafng each other 011 Third street be
tween Market and' Mission. Both men
were knocked to the ground and were
later carried Into a nearby drug store.
Larson was not badly hurt and left
shortly after, but Kellman got a badly
lacerated forehead and scalp and^was
sent to the Central Emergency Hos
pital, -where his wounds were -dressed
by Dr.- Herzog. - l
. SENTENCED FO« 9 BURGLARY.— Regina
Orosco. Who pleaded RUllty in , Jaige . Law
lr#"\u25a0 court to a charge of. burglary, was sen
tenced yesterday to serve flvo yeara in San
Quentln. He broke into the -saloon of Louis
Ropb, 46 Jes*l« street, on' the night of Sep
tember 10.: - .. . ;- . \u25a0 ,
SACRAMENTANS
THIRSTY CROWD
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
' SACRAMENTO, Oct. 24:— It developed
jto-day at the hearing of the motion
I for a, new. trial in the case of ex-Sena-
Itor-E.J. Emmons, convicted of bribery,
Ithat-the Jury lived on the fat of the
j land. Not only did, the jury eat $1
I meals three times - a -day, , but- it was
j refreshed with copious quantities \u25a0of
1 liquors. .Caterer Wilijam Uaub, who
-was called to the stand late.. this after
noon, testified that ;.ii\; addition to the
jiieals he served the jurors during the
twenty-six days 'of their' service with
ISO quarts of claret, 200 bottle* of h«r,
sixteen quarts of Nvhite nine and tulr
ty-alx quart bottles of ivblnky. In ad
dition to the three dozen bottles of
whisky served at the rentaurant, It up
pea red from (he testimony of fourl
iiouxe qfimltor Henry .tiny that tbe Jury
got away with over two dozen quart
bottles or whisky brought to the Jurj
rooni.
May testified that one day he was
passing the jury room- s when, he saw
Major W. H. Sherburn, one of the
jurors, with a whisky bottle tilted to
his mouth. "Look out, there,'*- May said
to the major, s"or you will swallow that
bottle." . . v
"It's none of , your business," replied
the juror, according to May's testi
mony, "I bought it myself and It be
longs to me."
Caterer- Haub testified that Jurors
Stocking. Johnson and Dittmar did not
drink, and so the wets goods were con
sumed by the remaining nine jurors.
Some expert testimony was then
I sought with regard to what constitutes
a "jolt" of whisky. Haub testified that
a quart bottle "of whisky contained
about twenty; good-sized drinks. He
added that the deputy sheriffs in
charge- of the jury never ignored the
opportunity, to Imbibe with the Jurors.
Peter Stortz, : a waiter, testified to
serving "eye-openers." in theshape of
gin or whisky cocktails, brought to the
jurors In the mornlngrs.
The object of the "line of the testi
mony brought out to-day was to sup
port the motion for a new trial made
by Attorney Grove L. Johnson on the
score of the alleged misconduct of
jurors. Fifteen empty whisky bottles
were offered in evidence in court to
day, and the attorney solemnly read
off their inscriptions. It is expected
that in rebuttal expert testimony will
be offered to-morrow to 'show that It
would be Impossible In Sacramento
county to get twelve men to at un
locked up for twenty-six days without
a drink, and that anyhow -the quantity
of liquor consumed .was not an extra-;
ordinary allotment per man. Pending
the settlement of *thls feature of thei
case . the ' passing of sentence on \u25a0Em
mons will be deferred.
MICHIGAN PEOPLE
PAY $200,000 FOR MINE
Claims That Were ffpught
for $1100 Sell"at an iiiT~"
inerise Profit ',
Special Dispatch to T%e Call.
REXO,: Oct 24.— Advices that i
reached, Reno from Goldrleld last even
ing disclose the consummation, of one"
of the largest mining: deals that has
ever been put ' through In the \, southern
country. ."THumphrey Brothers of Reno,
; who.h eld the control Yof, the Neyada
\ Goldfleld and the,;, Nevada I Sunshine
groups, s have disposed of their interests
for a round $200,000 ; in cash. ; s The pur
chasers are. , Michigan /, people. >>; The
claims were originally .; bought! by'
Humphrey Brothers for $1100. ,
FIVE YEARS IN PRISON
FOR ST. LOUIS FORGER
Negotiated Loan* on $700,000 Wort h
, ; ' oJ B*pii Biria of \u25a0
\u25a0't '\u25a0'-_\u25a0- ;-\u25a0':'\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0' Ladiiur. \: .
. st. Joseph;; Mo., , Oct. 24.— -w. h.
Harroun,'. charged 'with; having forged!
$700.000 ..w0rth: of :bllls7of; ; lading*^ and 1
obtaining - money, oorn r them. T was ;.: found
guilty by.V; Jury; to : hlght and, the; pen-;
alty. fixed 5 at \u25a0, five " years in ; t he * pen Iten
tiaryr \u25a0 ' ; ."\u25a0 ,:;.-;\u25a0 \u25a0;.;:v.: : .v: ': ; \u25a0•- : yjv- v-;;- :
>; : The forgeries were committed a , : "year\i
ago. and: were ; principally ' on* Burling- i
ton bills of lading.'-: ]
CANAL TO OPEN
IN TEN YEARS
Engineer Isham EanHblph
\ Says the Great Waterway
Will Be Completed by 1015
OVERCOMING OBSTACLES
Dearth in Supply of Labor
(Me Problem That Is Giv
ino; Cominissioii Trouble
- WASHINGTON, Oct. , 24.-The isthmi
an canal commission to-day made pub
lic a letter" written rby Isham Randolph, a
member of the board of consulting-; en
gineers of the. Panama canal, ;to . Zina
R. Cajter, president of the sanitary dis
trict of Chicago, which embodies' the
views of Randolph concerning canal mat
ters. He has ..recently returned from a
visit to Panama, with other members of
the aboard and his opinions are interest
ing, and, in ; view, of the publication of
this, letter, tay the commission, may be
considered semi-official. In his letter Mr.
Randolph says:
What' we do know is that it can be done;*
that American? . can do It In as: short a timo
as so stupendous an' undertaking can b«'put
through. .Hence -we " may. reasonably look for
tlie passage ot the great, ocean freighters from
the Caribbean \to the Pacific before i our, cal
endars are headed 1015. \u0084 How much before
this, deponent saith. not. ... .•••'•
Thia is no easy triumph for . the builders,
whojinust contend : with s«nd overcome diffi
culties not encountered -In" our temperate zone.
First, there are climatic difficulties, which >ny
investigations force; -me ' to believe have been
magnified. The question of proper housing has
been a problem, .but Its solution is progressing,
and \u25a0it has had to wait upon the number
which must come from the States. The French
lett behind' some 2800 buildings, which are
being made habitable. . ..
When the equipment is on hand and the or
ganization perfected, at_least 24,000 men will
be required in the -various departments of in
dustry. The source of supply for. labor so far
has been Jamaica. The efficiency of this la
bor is as low as "5 per cent, taking an average
laborer in our latitude as the unit. This is
due in part to the. fact : that ths supply is not
equal to the demand, and an Independence Is
thereby Induced : which tends to worthlessness.
If a "foreman undertakes tn'make- them 66 a
fair day's work they quit and move on to the
next camp, where they know that a job awaits
ithem. • The introduction. of the eight-hour sys
tem on the Isthmus seems a lamentable nils
take and one which adds about 25 per cent to
the labor ccet of the work. \u25a0 •>
The whol« line Is clustered up with aban
doned French machinery, the cost value of
which is "said to reach $30,0C0.000. This ma
chine Is valueless and out of date.
I cast no " reflections upon the work of th«
French. They, left behind them evidences of
engineering skill and successful b«UUes with
difficulties which convince me that' if the
honest workers- had been ' sustained \u25a0 and ' the
vast sums which were diverted \u25a0 into *< robber
channels hao been . legitimately, applied-. * It.
might to-day, be the mission of the United
States only to enlarge the' Panama' Canal."
On my last day In Panama, after hours of
tram pine In the rain and tnrough- the- mud of
the Oulebra cut and laborious climbing up tlw
hills. I arrived with the others of our party
at a. Government hash house. We went In un
announced and ordered dinner. There was no
delay , In serving and there was a reasonable
variPty of well cooked, wholesome food.
The hospitals are a source of pride to our
people. ",
ESTIMATES ARE MADE
BY CITY OFFICIALS
San »1 ose Commissioners Fig
ure on Cost of Great ;
Improvements. ;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 24.— The "Alum Rock
/Park Commission and' 'City Engineer C.
H. J Pieper have submitted estimates to the
City Council of tl:e amounts needed for im
provements under the proposed bond is
«ue. The Park Commission wants $100.
000 for the Improvement of Alum Rock
Park." Of this amount JSO.OOO is needed
for an up-to-date bathhouse and the
balance,, for furnishing the same, improv
ing the. "water supply, building, rustic
bridges, conservatories, aviaries "and in
other ways beautifying the grounds.
, For the "completion of the sewer sys
tem $175,000 will be needed. .Of this
amount $121,000 will be required to com
plete the sewers inside the city- limits and
$54,000 to lengthen the outfall sewer be-
I ; : '.' -\u25a0 ; ;:;; : -;':tHfcv BEAUTgUL I
Offers the most* profitable opportunities to investors. .
Offers the choicest site to home builders. _[ c
The Miramar Tract^s delightfully ; -situated on the sheltered bend of Half- I
moon Bay, close to the . finest bathing beach on> -the Pacific, commanding a |
sweeping marine view and adjoiningUhe. Ocean Shore Railroad Depot. The vast < |
improvements projected by ';tHe-. Ocean Shore Railroad at the townsite of Balboa, 5
which the Miramar Tract adjoins, make investment there safe, and profits certain. \
I • Rememl>er, that the^^ opportunity to buy to\vn lots at a moderate price' in a \
I city that certainly will rival, Berkeley or .Oakland in population in the'yery near \
I future is ah opportunity^6f a lifetime.', . > " |
I BUY \u25a0NpwVteve-^ypoM.^^^whwf-ii^qns are being expended— \
I [the future secside resort* and suburban home of San Francisco. The Miramcr
I Tract lots will double in value almost Gt» once. \u25a0'•• * \
I - ;-:.-\u25a0 ' * These are double lots; ;50x 150 feet*. |
I The initial prices, $150 to $500.per lot. We reserve the ri^ht to raise \
I at any time. Number of lots limited. No Ferries, no Fogs to cause Delay !
j "\. .We have also splendid one-acre lots on another tract for villa
I / \. sites. .Call" on -or \vrite us NOW! Do not prbcrastinate —procrastination \
I 'V- rv isvthe thief of time and also of dollars. \
I Development Co.
j"v '••• : "\^& * 21 1 Montgomery St, S. F.
I '\u2666•: ' -. ' '\ V°V\\ . Phone Exchange 434 1
Ii : •:•. '' :; v;^^^"v^?v; a t I^fmooa , Bay in; Bank Building... I
NGVeWBER
THE LEADING SERIAL NOVEL OF THE YEAR
Nearly subscriptions should begin with this number
35 ceuts a copy. $4.00 a year TA* Ctntury Co., New York.
DE WITTE ASKS
FOR FREE HAND
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 24.— The an
nouncement made in these dispatches yes
terday that Count de Wltte would short
ly assume active direction of the Govern
ment" as- Premier seems to be fulfy con
firmed. It can be stated positively ' that
the. Emperor has 4 tandfred*. the position
of Premier to the Count, who, however,
guarded his acceptance with "certain con
ditions, which were plaYed , before his
\u25a0Majesty In the form of a written mem
orandum. Count de Wltte is said to nave
informed * the Emperor that he could ac
cept the position only on the condition
that he would be a real Premier, with a
working cabinet, and not the mere fls
urehead of an Irresponsible body. v ,,
According to a persistent report, the
Emperor actually appointed Count de
Witte Premier after accepting his stipu
lations. This report is premature, but
it can be said that his Majesty undoubt
edly has confided. ta-tiie.. Count, the. task
of drawing up, according to his ideas, the
project for a responsible ministerial cab
inet, the consideration of which was be
ing_tedlously dragged out in special con
ferences. It can be said also that. foll6w r
Ing the advice- of ' Count de Witte. the
powers of the new Douma will be extend
ed along western lines and the franchise
broadened.' The reforms will b« accom
panied by the practical freedom of -the
press and of meeting in order to meet
the popular demands. Count de . Witte
insisted that only In this wey could the
country be tranquillized and the Emperor
apparently heeded the warning.
yond the limits. With the construction
of these sewers the city will be prepared
for a population of 100.000.
The - Board of Education has not yet
presented its report, but it is believed
that the board will ask for $100,000 to
build new schools and repair those now
in use.
YOUNG WOMAN
ENDS HER LIFE
NEW YORK, Oct. 21— Believed to be
a member 0/ one of the most prominent
families 6f Akron, Ohio, and recently re
turned from Cleveland, where she was
a member of John D. Rockefeller's Sun
day school. a young woman who regis- *
tered a week ago as Mias Mac Jeannette
Caley committed suicide to-day in- her
apartment of the Hotel Aberdeen. Her
body was found lying on a rug in the
bathroom of the apartment, fully dressed,
and in her right temple there was a ter
rible" wound ' caused by a bullet from a
revolver that lay beside her. Surrounded
as she Was by evidences of wealth and
refinement, the cause of the young wo
man's act was a mystery to the police,
who worked without result. The only
note left, evidently addressed to her
sister, told of her ansniteh of mind before
the deed was committed.- It was directed
to Miss Lillian Landers, the Castle. Tar
rytown-on-the-Hudson, and contained!
these words: . . . ; '
"Tired, tired! Forgive me. dear sister.
Love."
'; Another bundle of letters was tied and
addressed. "For Mrs.; G. Allen. V In this,
bundle was one letter written- on paper
of the New York Athletic Club. This
letter wa3 addressed to "My darling."
and at the end was written:
"Just landed at the foot of Thirty
fourth street. I will not be able to be
! with you for a long time."
"It wa3 signed, "Lovingly forever*.
: Jack."
At the hotel it was stated that the
writer was unknown, but that the young
- woman' had recently been seen in the
I company of a young: man whose name
' was Mcllvain. He had called for her In
an automobile, and they had gone away
from the hotel together.
The Shah of Persia says that the
French seem to have saltpeter in there
veins, the British beer and the Japanese
camphorated shhnotose.TRAIN KILLS
MILLIONAIRE
B. Frank Clyde of Philadel
phia Crushed to Death Un
der Wheels of Locomotive
BODY BADLY MANGLED
Well-Known Clubnian Loses
His Balance While Trying
to Board a Moving Car
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 24— Losing his
balance as he was. about to board a west
bound train which was approaching, the
Fifty-second street station of the Penn
sylvania Railroad. B. Frank Clyde, vice
president of the William P. Clyde Steam
ship Company and millionaire club man,
was dragged under the wheels of the
locomotive and killed. His body was ter
ribly mangled and his face was crushed
* beyond recognition.
While his body was being extricated
from the forward trucks of the car un
der which it had been wedged, Mrs.
Clyde, unaware of the tragic ending of
her husband's life, passed the scene of
the accident on a train coming to ' the
city from Bryn Mawr. whither Mr. Clyde
was bound when he met his death. . .
Mr. Clyde maintained a residence, but
epent most of his time at his country
home. He was 53 years of age, and mar
ried only three \u25a0 months ago to Mrs.
Bloomfield Mcllvainer He was- well
known in business, society and club cir
cles, and was a director of the Central,
National and Delaware Insurance Com
pany.
DOG'S BITE TAKES
EFFECT IX 13 YEAES
New York Woman Suffers
From Rabies From an
Old Wound.
NBW TORK. Oct. 24.— Apparently
suffering from rabies, Amanda Jones,
aged 27, who was bitten by a dog:
thirteen years ago. was taken from her
home to a hospital yesterday, and to
day she was sent to Bellevue. for fur
ther observation. The case is consid
ered one of the most extraordinary in
the experience of the physicians.
According: to the family, the patient
V hen 14 years old was bitten on both
hsnds by a dog. but the wounds were
cauterized and no ill effects appeared
until last June, when Miss Jones sud
denly developed all the usual symp
toms of hydrophobia and became so
violent that the combined strength of
four men would hardly suffice to keep
' her in restraint. She recovered from
this attack and was In good health un
til a week ago, when the spell re
curred. Removed to a hospital, she ap
parently recovered, but Sunday night
the same symptoms reappeared. Foam
ing at the mouth and barking like a
dog, the young: woman rushed about
the apartments, wrecking: furniture
and attempting- to injure any one who
approached her. She was only con
trolled by the use of opiates. . -
SUGAS MEN OPPOSE
CHANGE IN TARIFF
Convention of Delegates
From Beet - Growing
States to Be Held.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
DENVER, Oct. 24.— At a special meeting
of the board of directors of the Chamber
of Commerce this afternoon the chamber
authorized the drafting of a call to be
sent to the commercial bodies and mem
bers of Congress, as well as the Senators
/of all the beet sugar raising States in
/*-ihe West, for a convention to protest
against the reducti-n of the tariff on
sugar.
The convention will meet some time
within a month at the Chamber of Com
merce .in this city, and the following
States will be asked to send representa
tives: Colorado, New Mexico, Nebraska,
ansas, Wyoming, Michigan, Utah and
California.
S. F. Smith, secretary of the Wichita
<Kas.) Chamber of Commerce, and E. J.
McVann, general" manager of the Omaha
Commercial Club, who are in attendance,
promised the support of Kansas and Ne
braska respectively, and said their States
would send delegates.
FinST SCIT AGAI.VST IROQUOIS
THEATER GOES TO TRIAL
CHICAGO, Oct. 24.— The first damage
suit against the proprietors of the Iro
quois Theater, which was burned on
December 30, 19u3, will be commenced
to-morrow in, the United States Circuit
Court before Judge Landis. Edna S.
Hunt, -who was badly Injured in the fire,
has brought suit for $25,000 against the
theater company and the Fuller Con-
Etrruction Company, which erected the
building.
Hundreds of other suits, aggregating
"millions of dollars in towages, have
been brought, and the evidence given
and the verdict to be rendered in this
first trial is of momentous consequence
Jk'jo all concerned.
CIRCASSIAN
W A L N UT
\u25a0. is used to a large ex-
tent in Bedroom Fur-
niture. We show a
particularly beautiful
set of six pieces in
the Louis XV style.
It is exquisitely
carved and tastefully
inlaid with mar-
. quetry.
SLOAN E'S
114 to 1 22 Post Street
lA/. T. HESS,
.\oi«ry Public and AttorneT-«t-"L«w.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. CUu» SpreckeU bids.
" . Telephone Main 953.
Residence. 1802 McAlUeter^et.
Beeldence Telephone Pac« 66*1.
AFRICA M AY END
VEMEZUELA DISPUTE
United States to Intervene for France
AMERICAN MINISTER TO VENEZUELA WHO HAS BEEN DIRECTED TO TRY
TO PATCH UP THE DIFFERENCES WHICH HAVE CAUSED 'A RUPTURE
BETWEEN FRANCE AND THE GOVERNMENT OF CASTRO, i
CARACAS, Venezuela, Oct. 24.— The
Government at- Washington' has com
missioned the American Minister. Mr.
Russell, to. endeavor to arrange the
Franco-Venezuelan diplomatic Incident.
Mr. Russell will go to Losteques and
have an interview with President' Cas
tro.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24. — Pending the
result of Mr. Russell's Interview with
President Castro the State Department
will not discuss its nature. It should
be understood, however, that he will
confine his efforts to a ppssible. assist
ance in: the solution of the Taigny In
cident involving President Castro's al
leged discourteous 'treatment- of . the
French Minister •at Caracas.' The
Washington Government feels that
President Castro made a mistake in
this matter..
As soon as it became known . that
this was the paramount grievance »of
France against Venezuela, and the' pri
mary cause for the dispatch: of the
French squadron, the hope was held
here that France might find a way for
the settlement of her trouble with
Venezuela without resort to force. Re
cent conferences have been held at the
State Department between Secretary
Root and Mr. Jusserarid, the French
Embassador, and between Root and the
Venezuelan Charge. \u25a0 The \u25a0\u25a0 Charge Is
lending bis efforts to a diplomatic ad
justment.
At the -French embassy, when j in
formed of the effort of the American
Minister. at Caracas to arrange an
agreement between France and- Vene
zuela, - the following authoritative
statement was made:
"We are extremely happy to hear of
the very kind intervention , of the
United States and we are "sure, that
under the circumstances France. would
have been glad to render the same
service to the United States. And the
news of the intervention seems ; to us
all the better because it will, without
any doubt, enable President Castro to
realize the error made by his Minis
ter of Foreign Affairs and probably will
have the result that France will not
have to take recourse to such methods
as she would dislike very much to
use, but for which In case of- need -.all
preparations have been made."
Senor Veloz, the Venezuelan Charge
d'Affaires to this country, had not yet
been officially informed about the atti
tude of France and therefore declined
to make any statement. He called on
Secretary Root to-day, but claimed that
the only purpose of his visit was to in
form the Secretary of the appointment
of a Venezuelan consul at Philadelphia.
- The firm reticence maintained at the
State Department regarding Mr. -Rus
sell's mission is evidence of the Im-.
portance which is attached to it.;-^^f%
\u25a0 . \u25a0 . , \u0084 ;
The diplomatic incident which Min
ister Russell will endeavor to settle
arose from the protest lodged on Sep
tember 19 at Caracas by the French
Charge d'Affaires, M. Taigny, against
\u25a0the closing of the Caracas station of
the French Cable Company und the ex
pulsion from Venezuela of the manager
of the company, M. Brun. The Vene
zuelan Government sent the following
reply to AL Taigny:
"The Government holds documents
proving that the French Cable Com
pany, has- accepted the result of the
Judicial proceedings brought against It,
The Government Is only to es
tablish new relations between it and
the * company. M. Taigny, the French
Charge . d'Affaires, knows this and
therefore' the protest can be onlyNjon
sidered as an act of personal hostility.
For this ' reason- "the Government -will
abstain from' treating with the French
Government through M. Taigny."
This note gave offense to the' French
Government, and .;' France requested
Venezuela to withdraw- that part of the
note which gave notice that Venezuela
would not communicate further
through M. Taigny.
Try the. United* State's Laundry. " 1004
Market street Telephone South 420. •'
thEvSAn;^
FIFTY KILLED
DURING RIOTS
Five Hundred Persons Re
ceive Wounds in Santiago
de Chile Street Affrays
BUENOS A YRES, Argentine Republic.
Oct. 24.— A dispatch ' from Santiago de
Chile says i that about fifty people - were
killed and 'five - hundred wounded during
the rioting here. .
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Oct. 24.— The
disturbances- here caused by the opposi
tion/of the. people to the •import tax on
Argentine cattle did not .cease until late
last night, when- a small; detachment of
troops arrived 'here and a few shots were
fired. Thepeople of? Santiago have^just
witnessed the most shameful' occurrences
in the city's existence. Almost' everything
that . could be destroyed was wrecked,
including the city lamps, 1 monuments and
windows 1 everywhere. The situation, as
this dispatch Is . filed, 'Is comparatively
calm, but the banks and business. houses
remained closed to-day. •*; Several hundred
arrests have been made.j.'*§§gjgj
- The citizens' say " they are not respon
sible for the rioting which, they say, was
organized by rowdies. Anti- tax meetings
which have been held elsewhere in Chile
have passed off quietly. The press criti
cizes the: Government • and- the local
authorties for lack of energy. In prevent
ing the disorder.
The army maneuvers have been bus
pended and the troops are expected back
to their quarters here in a short time.
BRYAN AND ADMIRAL. TOGO
EXCHANGE FELICITATIONS
Naval Hero' Expresses "Delljrht at the
Opportunity of ; Meetlns
the American. ,
TOKIO, Oct. 24.— W. J. Bryan was
present at the; reception In- honor of
Vice Admiral Togo to-day and was in
troduced to the admiral; by .the Mayor
of this city. , There : was a cordial ex
change of sentiments -between the. two,
the admiral expressing his delight at
the unexpected presence of the distin
guishd American.' \u25a0\u25a0'.''\u25a0'\u25a0' J "\u25a0".:. •"•-.. -
It- has been learne<l that -Vice Ad
miral Togo's flagship; the Mlkasa/ was
not once atf anchor "for .five months
prior to .the time the: Russian battle
ship Sevastopol" was torpedoed' off Port
Arthur in December last. ;. The! admira
tion of the Japanese \u25a0 people for Vice"
Admiral Togo is unbounded.:
LONDON COUNTY COUNCIL
" RUNS UP A' LARGE DEBT
LONDON, Oct. 24.-- -The ; chairman of.
the London County .Council ;ln his an
nual financial statement ' this .afternoon
gave a remarkable expositloh'of the'in
creased ' responsibilities of the -council
since it wwars r constituted ; in'lSBB. He
compared the ".operations 'of '-1904-05
with those of the \u25a0; first year f'ofr! the
council's 1 existence and- showed i that i ln
ISB9 the council took over a £ net debt^ot
$57,500,000, awhile at i the .end! of ?March,
1905, the debt amounted, to $222,500,000.
In 1889-90? the council's 7 expenditures
were $17,500,000. 1n11904-05 the expen
ditures were, $80,000,000/
Two Mure Yellovr ; Fever \u25a0 Dcathn.
NEW ORLEANS.' Oct. 24.— The 'clean
record .of/ New; Orleans . for.*' the week
without a death from yellow \ fever _' u was
broken .to-day, 'when' two (deaths^'were
reported to the" authorities. ; The soffi
cials attached Ino " importance to / J this,
but i contend . that '\u25a0 tho has ; been
pradtically ",wiped 'out.V-'The fhevr (cases
have dropped s to! practical! y, nothing.? -
SENDS OUT
FAKE NEWS
Mutual Life Insurance Cqnif
pany Maintains; Press^Bu
• v(mi to Disseminate \} Its
Version of the/ Testimony
LAEGE SUMS 'SPENT,/ ;
EOR;THIS PURPOSE
Two Dollars -a| Line) Paid :
\ Certain Journals for
lishing Statements Lauda
* tory of President McCurdy
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— At to-day's ses
sion of the legislative commission, inyes- j
tigating the insurance companies the af
fairs of the Mutual were \u25a0 under consid
eratioh-and it was brought out that this
company was paying for the dissemina
tion throughout the country of - reports
of this investigation tnat were favorable
to the company...
Charles J. Smith, a newspaper man,
was the witness. He is employed by the
Mutual to do a large number of .things,
but a month ago was placed in charge of
sending out these reports. Smith had
vised a number of .vouchers for the
payment of this work and these aggre
gated $11,000, with more bills to come in.
Smith wrote these reports' and submit
ted them to Allen Foreman, who owns
the Telegraphic News Bureau, :and $1 a
line was paid by the Mutual Life ' for
the service. .
These dispatches were sent to about
100. papers, but Smith did not 1 know
whether the papers were paid for insert-
Ing them. In. one dispatch Smith wrote
that McCurdy's. attitude on the stand
made a distinctly favorable impression,
and for; this he had to pay. $2 a t line.
This, he "said, was worth it... - - . . '
Following Smith, Walter Sullivan, who
has charge of the magazine advertising
department,! was called.- He said the Mu
tual advertised in twelve magazines last
year at a .cost, of about J42.000.;; Advertis
ing in insurance papers cost about- $30,000
more, but he could not *tell where the re
mainder of the account of $328,000, the
amount .charged to advertising last; year,
was spent.. :-\: -\ \ >
McCLINTOCK FAVORS PUBLICITY.
Earlier in the day Emory McClintock,
the actuary of the Mutual Life, was on
the stand. McClintock practically ad
vocated no laws for the insurance com
panies except a certain supervision to
give the repot ts . publicity. He thought
the public could take care of itself and
that publicity was tae best law.,' Asked
how. far this view was shared 'in offi
cial circles, he said he was somewhat of
a missionary along that line. McClintock
was to have been brPthe stand again at
the aiternoon session, but during .' the ,
recess.he. he was 'seized by a slight attack"
of .vertigo, to ', which*,' he '^ Is, subject.* He
will be* called agamy to:morrow. .. ;V". _,
John R. Hegemanr.piesldcht of thejMje|U'
ropolitan Life Insurance" Compahy.^.was
examined. | When the ' adjournment ..'was
taken; this afternoon "': his \u25a0 testimony, was
unfinished.'"; ;''';* .*,•... ' . ,' ; , .<
.While lacking the startling features of
the testimony of- spme : .pf , the \other_ life
insurance 'presidents, Hegeman's. remarks
and explanations ;.were none . the less in
teresting, 'especially his statements that
$876,000 was given to the industrial policy
nolders of , his company last year without
any- obligation whatever. , j '
LOANS \OT SHOWN IN REPORT.
It was .brought- out that .while .the com
pany carried j collateral loans throughout
the year, none appeared in the annual
report, on. December .'31.. .This was ex
plained, by the witness, who said that; all
collateral loans were transferred on the
last day of the year to Vermilye & Co.,
the bankers, under an agreement, and
.were bought, back in January., This was
done to avoid -the horde of applications
for call loans from the Wall street dis
trict. -..oHegt'man.r did not encourage the
call loan ; business : because it entailed
keeping a ticker ,in; his office^ and he
would not have one there. He further
did, not care to have his company known
as a loaning company.- !r • .}\u25a0 -V /
The ; large loans at such a low interest
as l l^ per- cent, especially the ;one"4to
President -McCall of j the : New -York Life,
was taken up and. Hegeman spoke strong
ly of his friendship: for McCall, who, he
said, was closer, than any 'other "man to
him in the insurance business, outside of
his immediate , associates. McCall had
\u25a0rendered him valuable service that was
of benent.t^>the« company, and' person
ally^ ho thought the -company could af
ford to pay,, and, would .have been justi
fied in paying McCall a few hundreds of
dollars which the loans amounted to. , The
same was true, . he said,- of ...Silas B.
Dutcher, a director of'the company, who
also: carried large: loans with the com
pany, at low interest." : • ••
BABCOCK'S FRANK ADMISSION
Solicited and Received Campaign Funds
'.- : . From the Mutual. ' \u25a0:\u25a0''/{
\u25a0 MILWAUKEE,- Oct. : i4.— Congress-,
man' Joseph: .W. ; Babcock,*. chairman of
the Republican; Congressional Commit
tee, is rather put'out -because* the"ln
surance Inquiry conducted in^New Tork
divulged the information that ; Babcock,
for .'the: committee,-^ had /'received j the
, trifling' amount ' o"f . $2500 of .trust , funds
from ; the Mutual: Life Assurance Com
pany;; totbe used .for political purposes.
. "Yes,, the testimony, as published ,re
g-arding my . transaction - with the,, M
utual was substantially^ correct." \u25a0: said
Babcock. v ; "\u25a0The attorney for the coin-:
pany, who was orijthe; stand; jtold>the
story- straight. : The only- regret: V have
is r that h the amount was not larger.; .It
should have • been^ / Of- course, . I ; got ; the
money i he referred, to, 'but you uridcr- :
stand; it _ was for ~ the Congressional
Committee, '. of " which I . am ; only, one
member. 1 There .was. ' nothing:^ to \, .be
ashamed of in the transaction;*!. It'; was"
perfectly^ above board in' every, way. - ..:\u25a0\u25a0'
,j "We asked these ; companies ;to' con-'
tribute, as we ; did other, cbrporatiohs.
We ; showed \u25a0 toHhem 1 that it was , for ' the
benefit >of - their; ow'nt; prosperity • that
they assist in> keeplngj,thb; Republican'
party , in ; power.:'; lt . was-^so .to ; speak-^
a premium ". they paid : out,'; which* was \o
Insure continued prosperity.", ' :
POLICY HOLDERS , IGNORED.
Insurance - Deal ' Closed '.;\u25a0; Day Before
;• "j ? ; Their; Meeting la Held.
' CHICAGO"; 6ct. l j 24:— The deal -for Uhe
purchase* of,; 8000 f shares of^ the Security
and ? Annuity! Lif el Insurance;? Company
tori $100,000; ; by4the J Life rUn-
r demnity '; closed \; on V the
'day ' before i. the" meeting r ;of^ the: policy
holders f of * the * latter* company,; was ? to*
have » been V held,* presumably f to; submit
jthe I proposition) to f them - for their appro
bation; or> rejection. , ".".""'
c This new \u25a0', development . in the tangled
I Silks the Feature for Day- -68c Yd I
J ' :': ' \u25a0 14,500 yards of these silks -will he ready this; morning when the store opens. More will J
g be adcled if needed. TK They are the kinds of J
J^ silks that you want now-^not "has-beens." T Among the many weaves are: t ' >g
X 27-inch plain, changeable DreSS TaffetaS—aß pure silk, chiffon finish, in 25 of the new and desirable col- J
if. orings, includinig vvhite and cream; regularly "$1 the - yard; 20^ -inch Chamefon Taffetas, made in X
| Switzerland of best Italian silks, regularly; sl:2s the ryard; 27-inch black Peau de SoiQ, soft dress fin- j
S 'ish; the most i popular of the staple black* sil^ /Q
Novelty Silks, every yard new and made for this season's use; a great assortment of desirable HAf* •*
S , patterns and color effects; values up t051.50 the yard; choice of them all beginning to-day, at . . . UUW £
* -\u25a0."' '\u25a0'\u25a0 '': '\u25a0- ..'.... , ... ..-..-\u25a0,.-\u25a0\u25a0 .--.-- , '2
* To^Da^ThisDaini^^^^^^^^^^^^^ $1 -25 Flannelette x
g Embroidered White Mull yfeS? Gowns 32c. ,
it \u25a0 \Ms»i±4 4Z^ TS Inmtmmd of - rW *^f4f 4 Hero is «n opportnne spedaL lost at the )g
J :'.•..,•. rVvaiSW:&&mfO^*4.BO:V i:r )\..,:\r: : :^-$& beginning of the cool weather. Two good X
jf The mull is* of a fine,' sheer quality, with hand-embroidered . ' ?., \i_Jk styles flannelette gowns, in pink and white. \u25a0*
If front '.-; Note the high^ yoke effect ol fine tucking, very; _ \u25a0\u25a0-^*'--'^&jL- or bhie and white, plab and fancy stripes.
ft ' full sleeves, deep cuffs, which also have four clusters' of sriWUffwt*^ made wide and' full, w«th bishop sleeres. \g
%* tucking. To-day and while quan- <J»Q ''^fiC'* '\u25a0'ffllWllllLt/fc^ • donble yoke; one trimmed wtth embroidery X
IT tity lasts -..-.: . . . . . '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'W*l!'tff£\\-' insertion; the other with fancy wash braid, \u25a0$
* • '^fi,o ~ WhltO W66l vV \u25a0^fe?;^//iH- U begbrdng to-day -and^ while QQc '5
g - r ; y~":r ££-Sfr! V Waist °lri^ : ' \u25a0''\(hfl*jVis\tl q"««y ; V»» each •-• • •\u25a0 V^ w J
If- . • • 6fc*rs<gP : "weight cashmere^ pleat-- : .'\u25a0\u25a0 ; ' %.*,'% *\u25a0« ,Vi r li f j'ri'//, mm' ' ' •JLJiLr ? \u25a0\u25a0^ 4 ___» .*
$ ' -w-rmwS'foffalffcr' /*MfwUljS[ ' And Save 25 per cent to 50 per g
\u25a0S '\u25a0' : /¥)'/ <^\ $1;25i cent over Prices of Exclusive. $
1 [ r|(|yL#; =^===^=^^mmM :. Furn!ture stores ,^5 I
* \u25a0 '\u25a0M'-'/^lll^^ \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0''\u25a0\u25a0 'Clever Suit^ • - ; .Tc»muoh!«tocJtb'otti'funatureaadicai-
•g ' : Ej'/"/f/rU Si W '-i ' \u25a0- " : <£*i^mm' 'D^Uimml /.„ fiOO \u25a0 P«» departmentj for this season, of the year. J
8 y^ iWmi- " ' -'" / &an tSC naU FOr 94SU % j^uce it to proper proportions, before our J
96 ::^«lwi^: :^«Iwi^ buyer goe. East to buy tha^ Spring stock. w« x
'\u25a0'\u25a0 in III 1 1 lII ' 'X -Vour,;anirl inw"sid<>pfca^rsk^^m^{ofjnoweby are now gfting reductions of . ••
'Jf \mM' I'lhW- mixed gray materials; the collar and cuffs are trimmed 25 PCr CCnt OH Furniture X
" ' NWsl'!i~ l 'Mkwi^- "'\u25a0 with panne velvet and soutache: braid; it is a repro- " X
g /vl'W/H lilfUK^A duction of a very popular $35 model now being ex- 15 per Cent On Carpets "^
I\u25a0• Mw ffil §^^lSi^i|s2Q icM-f*— *»- i— ~—^ i
•f S&WiIM 1/1,1 Aw AHV Another stylish new suit in Eton style is made of fine •\u25a0"w..—. tJ+^lf Dm»S+**% '*
*'(&«&, fl\ M Vti\^ cheviot serge, the jacket 'neatly* trimmed with TelveV TOyS Half HMOe X
X '^sW/iaf : \ II vVtV^- * nd novelty braid and a very full pleated skirt; a suit Why not buy Christmas suppEes 30 days 3
if - /^Jm^'i-l V^ that would be cheap at $30, ; placed on ' ' <t»"O'fi2 earner and save half you expected to pay. $
5 ;^^i--*_JL---*^ sale to-day at r \u0084'.......... . tJJuSO Many good things left from the Will & Finck X
%' - - " \u25a0• ' : .v \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0..:. -\u25a0 ; - \u25a0 .- -\u25a0\u25a0 toy stocKand all are marked exactly half price. •?
if ?! ~~ T- - • -\u25a0- \u25a0 • -•..\u25a0 •, • "-\u25a0• , 50c Victor Guns, shoot rubberball* . \250 X
x A Brush Sale Table Covers $1.29 25c Doii Fumiure Set* - I %° ?
$ All sorts of toilet brushes will be offered Somelfof>^f sdfstis% dn^r^ it^A^^ ''''''' 250 S
S to-day at about half their regular values! The Tab!e Covers,- gobehnUpestry weave. *£ iTm Automobile. .... . . . ZSO ,%
g jobber who sold them to us was willing to i heavy fringe, assortment of col- -. |~ Q i?Y°**J~¥**' ''' '" ' 19L X
J U considerable money to close out balance W^^M^^^. 50c B& S^ ." ." •' " :". •' 2sZ 2
5 of stock. J Mantel Drapes— Figured sateen in both ifr xrr* tmrrfM Mm _ 9Sn "2
t£ I Hair Brushes-Imported, sohd backs, fight and dark colors, floral and Oriental g StfuSSS^l'M."^' ** * ZSo %
s? ..-. . . - r , . , \u25a0..•"• — • -.—. — i • t»\u25a0-•t »\u25a0-• -j - 1 o — jUc L/oii narsmocxs on stana • • • %r
J m genuine ebony, rose and satin woods, pure designs and deeply ranged, each. • q§c $1 00 rjoll Beds » ..... SOo
£ white stiff bristles. . . ' \u25a0 "'" "*'" . . *" •«J
* $i]ooHatr r ßr™!h«.'! .' !4«o \ OurSpeclal $5 sr*+***jf *
$ Military Hair Brushes - Polished SultsfOrßOVS * OOU &SHOV/ -J
H wood back, stiff bristle stock, worth $1.00 __ \u0084-, : • r , « ./\u25a0 •W^.' -n^... *+— J -.^— L— : '5
5 v and $1.25 the pair.. 630 Th e best. 3-p:ece« smU for boys 9to 16 TODay GrOCCry J
5 Hand and Nail Brushes— An assort- years^tharit is possible to f sell for five and LiiJUOf SaSB *
* \u25a0 ment of solid back, stiff bristle stock, many doHan.-They are made of newest rmx- **"** .T** <S 7 / «
2 shapes and styles — 25c, 35c and 50c hires, blue serge or blue or black cheviots. We are grrmg generow. free samples of £
* -values to-day ... .. . . . IQo an ° l " c cut an ° ™ \u25a0 re P er '»ct- A reliable the products of some of the most famous
Jf .Tooth Brushes — Imported, polished suit for every-day wear and good enough food manufacturers b the country, in the X
&" bone handles, good bristles. for . Sunday . too. in new Juvenile de- numerous, attractive booths that contain the .J
** 25c Tooth Brushes " 13 C partment at left of main entrance pure foqd show. Main floor, near Jessie- jg
g 1 5c Tooth Brushes ' .' .' .' 80 \u25a0 • • • • • • • . T. . . €j>t> street entrance. If you visit th» show you X
J» . ; • "'\u25a0 " ' \u25a0\u25a0 : -\u25a0-•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 •• - ynjl get many gosd ideas of how to five ." .
Jf , .. . ' — " : .-•\u25a0..\u25a0:.:.:•-- . - : • economjcalry and welL To-day*i grocery ••
S Best Quality Papier Mache Dolls «p«^* rc .v^-- „„
5' ... j,i^,- t Z[. , \u25a0 • .... . n , Carolina Rlce-LaM Le«J. oJf tt»- SOo X
jj. It you ye a doll to dress tor Christmas there ts very little, time to spare. Uct a good one Creams— Carnation. Ueton. Alpine, or Peppy. 3 X
HT while you are at it. Our best papier mache doIU are full ball and socket, jointed, have it"" *"««° "2
Jf superior quality bisque head, either open or closed mouth, best quality mohair wig. woven 00 ca'taJoil— l^Lo^^.'iff .80? X-saLSIMO X
6 net, handsome ribbon and lace trimmed chemise. They asp priced : . ' Tea— Endfub Bremkfut.'UnooioredJapaa or Oolong. X
h \u25a012^-inch- .$1.25 21 -inch ... $2.75 28-mch ... $5.00 n,.. 290 !*
Z n\4}<-inch' ":ksli€s- 23-bch . . $3.25 29>^-inch . $5.75 " v Bean«-F«acy mbaH whitn or pink beu*. new cop. X
i ; \u25a0\u25a0;; 18 j]-inch. $2.00 25-inch .. $4.00. 32% jnA. $7.25 \ sSH&SS^^^^^Htl X
£ Our dol! doctor is ready to.mend any broken; legs, arms or cither Darts of disabled Sm^ a Z^^^^^^':'.''y^ l iio %
' *»" dollies. ' . He performs the most difficult operations oa short notice at reasonable prices.- .. Soap— Lonj bar. Uaniy •• - • lOaj 6 f0r . . . . 55c X
It ' .;\u25a0\u25a0.:•\u25a0"-' ' ' •' \u25a0 '\u25a0'>'•\u25a0'' ' •\u25a0 ' '-\u25a0\u25a0'-' - \u25a0•"\u25a0- ::..\u25a0< .\u25a0- :<\u25a0'\u25a0 •. - - ' '. .. \u25a0'-' \u25a0'\u25a0 . Old Crow Bourbon— dines, faot- X
S *• ' -\u25a0\u25a0 ... . - <,:..\u25a0.--\u25a0:..-\u25a0 • - . .. _iedmhoadiKgalat. ...'.. 51.25 *<(j
J 5C for All-Silk . jt?^ ' V"^- '* * "•"' WUs«nJßye^ > Thai I .'AD."i^ J
if Taffofa Ribbons fjSß&2&s£s^M
* Just what you need for fancy M £ G^^L^SJ: £&/*/*>/ L&MJ'M MjL?—. Emporium A 1 Whtaky-BouAe^" Q
5 work.: hair ribbons, trimming. ..- ' T """^ =^ Pl^inoutb Otn^Sr^i. rS»lo &
X etc.; IJ+-inch wdc. all colors. I^^^ Claret-Good. A»ti; jal 400 'Z
A* reiiularly 7c a yard. ~jgg^Mi\um\ _ AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE Malt Nutrine-Doz $2.25 '2
A' \u25a0 *" ' ' : " ' " ;~; ~ \u25a0'\u25a0*•\u25a0-•*- - """ --"--\u25a0 \u25a0 -• • • •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-. --\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 g-
JS 1 ' ... . - . " - "^r" I™\u25a0^^^\u25a0'^•1 ™ \u25a0^^^\u25a0'^•T 1 "^^! 1111111^™ 1 ''" 1111^,^
MARRIAGE KEPT
SECRET A YEAR
Special Dispatch to The CalL
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 21.— Married almost a \
year,, without the knowledge of their
friends,. Mrl and Mrs. William J. Steven
son- kapt their nuptials; a secret until a
friend inadvertently called ; Mrs. '\u25a0'.-. Steven
son by her married name in the office of
Walter 'B. • secretary of the
World's \u25a0' Fair. Mrs. Stevenson | was for
merly Miss % Alma \ Borggraef c and was
employed^in Mr. Stevens' office. She re
tained her maiden name In the office up
to to-night. . ;
The marriage of Mr. Stevenson, who
comes ;\u25a0 from Santa Barbara, CaJ., and
Mi3S Borggraefe was a World's Fair ro
mance. A She.- ,. was a bookkeeper . in . the
secretary's office, and through the expo
sition'^ Mr. Stevenson was chief clerk In
the press bureau. Mr. Stevenson first met
Miss . Borggraefe when he had to consult
her on exposition business, and after the
first, meeting these consultations became
frequent. . . •
\u25a0 On • November. 12, 1904, Stevenson
and ' v Miss Borggracfe went to Kansas
City 'and ' were i married j there by the pas
tor of one of . the Southern k Methodist
churches. , On thls^tripjthe pair were ac-r
companied ; 'by Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Nichols, "who < chaperoned them; ; ? Mr.
Nichols,' who is' the" former.- manager of
the St. Louis National League baseball
team, made the; arrangements for the trip
and the nuptials and acted as best man,
his: wife: signing ; the •, certificate as-.wit-.
nessV I Mr.'T and Mrs. Stevenson returned
to St. Louis rafter, the wedding and 'went
on with I their, lives apparently as ' former
ly, the wife continuing- to live with;her
.\u25a0mother.;.'... -\u25a0 -. ' ;* : -v > >'- , \u25a0 \u25a0;.-' \ ":}'[
affairs-, of -the VWestern Life 'lndemnity
Company* was made known by Attorney
Mayer. to-day' when' he appeared for the
officials of tho corporation cited:before
Judge «,Kohlsaat--for^con tempt.-- The
contempt sought', to be shown -was this
particular^ transaction, alleged ;to. have
been exeouted in, defiance of an injunc
tion iobtaitied" purposely ito prevent this
deal. 1 'The: defense -outlined in ; court
to-day 'I was that the deal :- was closed
long * before; 5 the" ; petition .of the ' policy
holderslwas' filed, in court. < } '\u25a0 y~
EauiTABLE'S ' CH ANGE {OF; POLICY.
NEW .YORK. Oct.: 24.-— Grover CClev- r
land,- Morgan, J./ O'Brien-, -and L George
iWestingTiouse,-^ the - voting; trus-^
tees ; in ' the \u25a0">; Life. Assurance
Society?' to- s da 4 y£sent {out i through '^ the
secretary /circular letters, 'to* all "I the
policy-holders yof ; the " society,^ asking
for /suggestions as ?to the * selection" of
thirteen* directors • to ! be . chosen, by , the
trustees/? -^ >-;':\u25a0 : . • '"> "-r \u25a0••"\u25a0^'.^ - "':'\u25a0'.'*' Vv,
\i The' circular; announces .that the, next
'annual \u25a0moctlrig v of.:the^^ directors will be
held "at the 'office of I the ! society. In -New
'York- at' noon,'; Decembe* ; ; 6,\when^,the
trustees will Tvote" for. thirteen, directors,
"of lwlioml seven" will be taken from; the
policy,-' holders. ' . ' .
WRECKERS OF, BANK
v MAY. GQ TO PRISON
Attorney General -Moody Acts
in • tlie Case of the
Enterprise;
Special Dispatch to The CalL
PITTSBURG' Oct.*. 24.— The failure of
the Enterprise National .Bank of? Alle
gheny has become • a . national affair.
Comptroller of the Currency. Ridgeley Is
coming to look Into the matter and the
United I States District Attorney's staff la
preparing, for .action, under instructions
from Attorney General' Moody. '
Mr. Moody's. Instructions are understood
to be ".due to the discovery that at least,
two 1 persons connected with the . Enter
prise Bank had knowledge of and partld-"
pated in* the; profits, from -deals made by
T. Lee J Clark,' theY bank's" cashier, who
committed . suicide. District' Attorney
Dunkle denies that'he : supplied the.lnfor
mation'that awakened the Attorney Gen
eral's interest. ' t ";'
. Clark's wiir was: filed to-day. It , leaves
without 1- reserve all, his estate to his
widow. :. It "was drawn in IS9S/ The value
of the estate is not given. Clark was be
lieved to havebeen ; worth' $300,000 before
the .bank-failed."
JOSEPH; SMITH IS SENTENCED.— Joseph
Smith." the : aged '\u25a0 contractor. ' who '\u25a0• shot - and
killed. Joseph E. McGowan in a brick yard on
Mission^ street > on -the .-morning -of Novembw
26, 1904,--' and vwas convicted, by a jury, la
Judge -La wWr's court ?on^ a " charge of murder
In ' the I second J degree, | was ; sentenced yesterday
to nerve I »eventeen years in -San. Qiientin. Ha
took -his -sentence. calmly. •- He !s: now 74 years
of \u25a0 age: . . The .' case - may . be " appealed *to tb«
Supreme Court, •- his counsel ' asking for a stay
of ten;daj*». -"..;-\u25a0-.\u25a0 \u25a0-.:\u25a0 . ; .' - .'** ;
1 T^ World's Best Typewriter i
' I f r Q'S^Y: a com P^ ct 9 stock of Typewriter |
•_; [;'*.,* I c__ryy pesks^ :-•. Ribbons, \u25a0\u25a0 -Papers, \u25a0 Carbons, and 1
| fc al j^^"supplies: for -I all -makes of machines. j
I >'"- "\u25a0 v : ' Gonipeteiit \u25a0 stenographers; who can operate. |
-v I •:< any make; of- machine, rarnished without enlarge ' $
: | to cither f party/ - . ' • J
\u25a0 ' | . '-:.- -: Send for. our lx»kl-t or » iale»n»a to explain just why tie X
:- \ jf \u25a0 Sniith'^Premier is the most perfect and practical of all writiaj | r
| o^eSmittk Premier TjT-pewriter Co. m
| \u25a0 20 Suttcr St. San Francisco. Cal. , . H
CATCH JUDCE
ROBBING A CAR
Special Dispatch to Tb» CalL
SAN BERNARDINO. Oct. 24.-Justic»
of the Peace I* C. Currier of barstow
has been caught stealing tee and will be
asked for his resignation at Monday's
meeting of the county supervisors,.crim
inal ; prosecution *to follow his * refusal.
Currier has been under suspicion for
some time. Six weeks ago a , negro ar
rested for stealing from a r.efrjserator
car was discharged by him ftrj^pH# of
the fact that the officers had caught the
negro in the act and the latter had con
fessed his guilt. Evidence 1 was also ob
tained that Currier had a . hand, in steal
ing some hams from the cars and selling
them to a Chinese restaurant keeper, who
was* arrested 'and nearly sent to the pen
itentiary, for." the crime. .
It was to this Chinese.. Wong Kee. that
Currier furnished the Ice and the'Chfnesa
informed the officers, who set' a/ v watca
on the Judge. The Santa Fe Is not anx
ious -to • ' prosecute Currier, but . he will
be .made" to leave the v town of Barstow,
even. if he resigns his office, as the peo
ple are enraged against him since It has
become known that he was implicated in
the thefts of which Wong Kee. at whose
preliminary examination he presided .Twos
accused. , v
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
FATE OF CASE
IS WITH JUDGE
Plea of the Natural Child
of the Late Chas. R. Lloyd
Is Argued and Submitted
LAWYERS TALK ALL DAY
Thresh Out Legal Aspects
of the Contention, Which
Court Waits to Consider
OAKLAND. Oct. 24. — The arguments
in the «ise of Elizabeth Lloyd Nix
against the estate of the late Charles
R. Lloyd were finished this evening
and the matter of whether the natural
child of Lloyd is to be allowed to share
with the other children in the deceased
capitalist's estate is now up to the
court for decision and he has taken it
under advisement. All day long the
iittorntys analyzed the legal aspect of
the case pro and con and the young
woman, the plaintiff, is waiting anx
iously for the decision.
The position taken by Attorneys
Frank I'owers and M. C. Chapman for
her is that she and her mother were
lured from England to this country by
Lloyd after he Kad deserted them for
fourteen years. He promised that he
would make them more comfortable
here than they were. Promise after
promise was broken by him until
linaliy to cancel all previous promises
he said he would leave her a child's
thare in his estate appraised at $360,
000. This promise was made on condi
tion that they should act toward him
as a wife and daughter and at the same
time conceal the relationship, and they
claim their right now to come -into a
court of equity and have that promise
made good.
-Utorney W. S. Goodfcllow, for the
trustees of the Lloyd estate, contends
that Lloyd's promises did not amount
to a contract. His defense was entirely
technical. He rolled much on the in
definiteness pi the promises.
TBEATS IIOKSE BY
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Driver Charged With Cruelty
to Animals Tells a
Strange Story.
OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— When arcsted and
brought into court this morning on a
charge of driving a horse that was so
lame that it could hardly walk, P. C
Tufte, employed as a driver by J.
Llewellyn, a painter, explained to Police
Judge Quinn that his employer was a
believer in Christian Science, and was.
trying to cure the animal of its lame
nc-ss by following the teachings of that
healing doctrine. Tufte said that the
horse had run a i long splinter into its
loot, and that he had at once put a
poultice on the injured, member, but that
his employer told him: that > the horse
could be made well by Science treatment,
end had ordered him to take off the poul
tice and work the animal as usual.
The <3river did as he was told, and as
a result he was arrested for cruelty to
animals by Deputy Sheriff I. H. Herold.
Whether or not the treatment of animals
by Christian Science will be countenanced
by the law will be decided after an ex
amination of the owner of the horse, the
case having been continued this morning
that he might be brought into court.
DRAMATICS IX TAXCLB.
BERKELEY, Oct. 24. — A queer tan
gle has been created in the plans at the
university for the production of
-Paola and Francesca" by the declara
tion of Professor yon Neumayer to-day
that November 18, the date set for the
play by the executive committee of the
Associated Students, is* not the date he
has chosen or would choose, that he is
the person to fix a date for the produc
tion, and that he has not yet decided
•what date will be suitable. The ap
parent conflict between Professor yon
Ncuraayer and the executive • commit
t»-«* of the student body is regarded by
\u25a0well-informed persons at the univer
sity as the result of friction between
two sets of persons interested in di
recting dramatic activities in college.
Professor William Dailam Armos, pres
ident of the University Dramatic Asso
ciation, which is giving the "Paola and
Francesca"' play, is reported to be im
patient at the delay In the produc
tion.
'6'eJXtii of ains. decker.
OAKLAND, Oct. 24. — Mrs. Meta R.
Becker, wife of Fred Becker, the pion
eer butcher of this city, died this morn
ing at her home. 1353 Grove street,
after an illness of six months. She
was 50 years of age, and had resided
\u25a0with her husband in Oakland for thir
ty-five years. Besides her husband she
leaves two children. Mrs. Ferdinand
Zinkar.d of San Francisco, and Harry
Becker of this city. The funeral will
be held from the family residence next
Thursday at 2 p. m. The services will
be conducted by the . Rev. Mr. Jatho.
pastor of the German Lutheran Church.
RYAX GETS DAMAGES.
OAKLAND, Oct. 24. — A jury tc-night
awarded Thomas Ryan a . verdict of
510,000 damages against the Oakland
Gas, Light and Heat Company for in
juries received by the caving in of a
trench upon him, resulting in the frac
ture of his pelvis and disabling him for
life.
He «ued for $26,400 damages, the
contention being that he was ignorant
of the danger attendant on work in a
fleep ditch and that the company was
pegligent In not supporting the ditch
with boards.
Skin Diseases
are cured by
Glycozoive
Endortei by the Medical Profession.
By destrojTngr germs, they as-
sist nature to accomplish a cure.
Send thirty-five cents to pay ex-
pressage on Free Trial Bottles.
. . Sold by tewJinr Drurfists. ,
Het reonlnc ulcn Übel bean \u25a0>; *<r«&tsre :
V f^. r <_> "^
€1 0 Priric* Street. N. Y. .
i TTrlt* Tor frrt> Inform ution »bont
RinnnmvK nn«J «i.vco*o.\e.
MATERIAL FOR NEW
ROAD ARRIVING
"' ' ' ' \u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0' - r \u25a0 . "•* ;- / y
Western Pacific Is Landing Shipments o
Ties at Convenient Points.
Engineer Says Tunnel Will Be Built to
Reach Niles Canyon.
OAKLAND. Oct. 24.— The Western Pa
cific Railroad is distributing immense
quantities of construction material at
every point along its lines that Is accessi
ble by water, in order to be prepared to
begin work in the various sections as
soon as the route is ' finally selected, . and
the matter of rights of way settled.
Cargo after cargo of railroad ties \u0084»ave
been* landed at West Oakland, and .large
quantities have also been shipped by
barges to Banta Station on th« San Joa
quin River, alid to Sacramento and Stock
ton. When the construction of the road
into this city Is begun work will be
commenced simultaneously at Oakland,
the San Joaquin River Crossing, Stockton
and Sacramento.
The Western Pacific will use the. coal
road from Stockton to the San Joaquin
River Crossing, but will not come through
the Corral Hollow Pass. Division En
gineer J. T. Williams said to-day that
the route between Oakland and Nlles had
not yet tfeen selected. It has been de
cided, however, that a part of the route
will be through the Niles Canyon, and a
i tunnel will be driven through the Niles
J foothills to enter the canyon.
Division Englmer Williams, in discuss
ing the plans of the company, said to
day: (
"Work on the tunnel will bo com
menced at once, but it will probably take
nearly a year to complete the work. The
necessary men and machinery will be on
the ground within a few days. There
are still a number of details to arrange
concerning the route ' between Oakland
and Niles, but I am satisfied that all our
plans will be formulated and the pre
liminary work of construction well under
way within ninety days."
CHILD SONGS
ENJOYED BY
EBELL CLUB
ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE
: OAKLAND. Oct. 24.— The few who did not
attend the Ebell meeting to-day missed a rare
musical treat. Preceding a delightful pro
gramme of songs and piano selections by Mrs.
and Mr. Arthur Flekenscher, an interesting
paper on voice culture via read by Mrs. Fick
enscher. Then she sang a group of children's
songs, nearly all by German composers, in a
most charming manner, in the second group,
which consisted of English «ongs, there were
two original compositions by Mr. Flckenscher
that were received with nattering applause.
The words of "Boats" were written by Robert
Louis Stevenson and "The Brass Band" was a
fascinating little Jingle by Charles Keeler. So
many were asking for the names of this de
lightful group of songs that I append the list:
"A Carriage," "Stork Stork," "The Fairy."
"The Broom," by RvlnicKe; "The Cuckoo."
Schaefer; "Der Hahn,"-Cui; "Strampelchen,"
Hildach: "Butzemann." Taubert; "Feuerzau
ber/' Wagner; "Kitty Cat," "Had a' Little
Pony." "Margery." "Riding On a Rail." "Dia
monds." "Boats," Stevenson and Fickenscher;
"The Brass Band." Keeler.
One of Mr. Fickenscher's piano numbers
was the magic fire music rrom "Der Walku
rie." by Wagner.
To Mrs. W. R. Davis, the presiding hostess,
are due the thanks- of those who enjoyed a very
pleasant afternoon to-day. The decoration
committee was also happy in its work, masses
of scarlet blossoms giving an effective touch
and vivid color to the paie furnishings of the
auditorium.
Mrs. Davis was assisted in receiving and
later in dispensing the club's hospitality by
Mrs. E. A. Heron, Mrs. Paul Lohse, Mrs. C.
E. Cotton, Mrs. Harmon Bell. Mrs. A. W. Bur
rell, .Mrs. A. Borland, Mrs. George MeredUh,
Mrs. Thomas Crellin, Mrs. W. - H. Creed and
Mrs. Guy C. Earl.
•\u25a0 • •
\u25a0Dr. Louis D. Mead, the eon of Mr. and Mrs.
Lewis Rixdon Mead, former residents of FruiU
vale, is on his way to New York to wed Miss
Charlotte Lannean of that city. Dr. Mead is
manager and resident physician at Byron Hot
Springs and the many frienas he has made dur
ing his sojourn there will be keenly interested
in his approaching marriage. The wedding is
to take place on October 31, after which the
cewly married couple will return to California.
• . • •
In this week's calendar ' of social events
Thursday Bt-ems to be a red letter day. \u25a0 Two
of the season's largest and most important'
society happenings will take place on that day
— Miss Bc-esie Coghill'a "coming out" tea and
the reception and musicaie that Mrs. W. A.
hhrock is giving for Mre. Edward Hall Dodge
(nee Laymance). Mrs. Schrock's charming lit
tle home on Twelfth street being rather small
for the accommodations of the 200 or more
guests invittd. she will receive in the Ebell
clubrooms. An orchestra of string instru
ments will be in attendance and there will
also be a short programme of vocal music and
piano selections. Miss Florence Burke of San
Francisco will play, Mrs. Edward Whltehead
will elng. and there will be a four-hand num
ber by Mr?. Henry Bull and Mrs. nobert
Boyer. A large receiving party will - assist
Mrs. Schrock.
• • •
The tea for which Mrs. E. T. Henshaw has sent
out cards will also be a brilliant affair, about
200 cards having been sent out. Mrs. Charles
Hensh.aw will be one of the receiving party.
• • •
The programme that Harold Bauer will give
here next Friday afternoon at Ye Liberty
more closely approximates a "popular" pro
gramme than any he has yet given. The ex
quisite Beethoven Sonata Appassionata. the
Alkan study, "The Wind," that created such
a sensation in San Franncisc, and Wagner's
wonderful "Ride of the Valkyries" are some
of the things that will attract the attention of
every music lover. The entire programme is
as follows:
"Sonata Appassionata" (Beethoven); (a)
"Papilloue" (Schumann), (b) "Ballade in O
minor" (Chopin): (a) : "Gavotto" (Gluck-
Brahms), \u25a0 (b) "Rhapsody In G minor"
(Brahms), (c) Etudy, "The Wind" (Alkan); (a)
"Impromptu in A flat" (Schubert), (b) "Walku
renritt" ("Valkyrie's Ride") (Wagner). > .'
Among those who have already signified their
intention of hearing the distinguished pianist
are Professor and Mrs. J. Frederick Wolle of
the State Univereity.
•.• \u25a0 •
Professor and Mrs. Woiie were guests •of
honor Monday evening at , an elaborate re
ception given by the directors of the Musicians'
Club In San Francisco.
• • * '
Mrs. J. Walter Scott and Mrs. W. A. Schrock
are planning a card party for November 7 for
the benefit of the West Oakland Home. It will
probably take place in Mrs. Scott's East Oak
land residence. ' '-
• • «
The J. Walter Scotts and the M. . J. Lay
rnanccs are among, the latest to succumb to the
auto craze and In a few oays two fine White
steamers will be added to the throng of "choo
j choo cars" that now keep, one dodging from
"pillar to poet." There are so many machines
in Oakland and vicinity it is surprising .the
owners do not form a good roads club : and
build a epeedway, where reckless • drivers \u25a0 can
run over one another^wltnout interfering, with
the slower Joy of those who take life and auto
ir.obllir.tr less strenuously. : I heard : a. - promi
nent society woman who owns a fine machine
say she had no - pleasure out \u25a0of t It, because
there was no placo to bo except down the
Hay wards road, where recklessness runs rife.
' v ..-....• •> \u25a0 •. ' ,
"The "parlor meeting" of ' the , Society >. for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals will take
place next Friday afternoon at the residence
of Mrs. J. H. Mathews..'. \u0084., ;
- , • . • •
On Saturday next, at 10 a. m., the lectures
by W- C. Morrow will - begin, . under, the aus
pices of the original writers' section ; of Ebell.
Thl* will b« the first of a series, ; all treating
principally of fiction, its origin and ' evolution,
its character andrises. Mr.- Morrow i« hini
eelf' a successful writer . and - what '< he has >to
say be tells in beautiful English and In a most
agreeable manner, no the original writers' sec
tion conriders Itself fortunate -in securing -so
able an exponent of the work it Is doing.
\u25a0 ; • "\u25a0•\u25a0'\u25a0"\u25a0•.- i *\u25a0" ' '. "
ALA ME DA, Oct. 24.— Ttere was a\"red sup
per" ' given this evening from 8 . to 8 in Christ
CfcurcJi Parish Hall for. the benefit of the rec-
THE \u25a0 S AN;J FRANCISGO G ALI£ WEnNESDAY^OGTGBER 25, V 1905.
EYES AND EARS
BEING TESTED
Bail way Men Must Have
Good Sight and Hearing in
Service of Southern Pacific
OAKLAND, Oct.\ 24.— Employes of the
! Southern Pacific Railroad are all being
I examined as to their eyesight and hear-
I ing, as was recently ordered from head
! quarters. The company physicians and
surgeons, under the direction of Chief
Surgeon Ainsworth, are making a tour
of the Western division in a special car,
fitted for the purpose; and they stop at
all the stations on the road.
Few, if any, of the employes have been
' disqualified because of poor hearing or
I eyesight," but in several v - instances 1 , they
have been required to - purchase special
spectacles, g Those whose eyesight Is de
fective must have four, pairs of spec
tacles. They, must have a pair for near
sight and another for farsight and each
of these pairs must be duplicated for
such cases of emergency as breakage or
accident. It has been found in the exam
inations that the hearing of the employes
is, in most cases, good. -
The special car in which the physicians
are traveling is fitted •to resemble I the
store of an optician. The employes are
.first tested as to their color and sight
and are made to give the colors of varied
colored yarns. Then they' are made .to
read through goggles of varied lenses, and
to distinguish the colors of different elec-i
trie lights exhibited, which are similar
to the light signals of the railroad. After
that their hearing is tested by watches
and other instruments. ]
All engineers. firemen. conductors,
brakemen, switchmen and other trainmen
are required to undergo the examinations
and those who do not *eet the require
ments will be dropped -from the payroll.
Chief Surgeon Ainsworth has had a new
hospital car built at the West Oakland
yards. It has all the equipments of a
first class hospital and will be used by his
assistants In cases of accident. As soon
as a wreck or other accident is reported
the hospital car, drawn bygone of the best
engines owned by thecompany, will be
dispatched to the scene. It will always
be in readiness^fqr an emergency.
MERCHANT \VEDS"IiN*IfEW YORK.
OAKLAND,. Oct. 24.— News has just
been received from New York of the
marriage of Sol Kahn, a member of the
well-known dry goods firm of this city,"
to Mrs. Cordelia Friedman, whose home
Is at .70 East §lxty-sixth street. New
York. The ceremony was performed
yesterday in that city and Immediately
after the wedding a telegram was re
ceived .by Henry and Fred Kahn, the
brothers of the groom, notifying them
that he had once, more embarked on
the sea of matrimony.
The first to bo informed of the mar
riage of Mr. Kahn were his two chll T
dren, a boy and a girl, aged respec^
tively 11 and IB years, and later the
news was made known to the em
ployes of the firm. Several years ago
the former' wife iof Mr. \ Kaniv* passed
away, and so serious was the effect of
her death on the health of her husband
that he was obliged for a time to give
up business cares.
Like her husband, the bride has once
before been married, and she has been
a friend for some time of the man who
has. just become her husband. During
his recent trip to Europe Mr. Kahn
again metthe lady and it was then that
they plighted their troth. The couple
will soon arrive in this city and will
make . their home at the residence of
the groom, 1117 Myrtle street. .
WATER COMPANY CAUSES ALARM.
OAKLAND, Oct. 24— The buying up
of large tracts of land in this county
by the Spring Valley Water Company
has been called to the attention of the
Merchants' \u25a0 Exchange and to-night a.
committee . consisting \u0084of. of Theo Gler,
Wilber "Walker and Harry Williams
was appointed to Investigate and see
if some action cannot be taken toward
stopping the absorption of the country
about Sunol by the water company. In
speaking on this subject tb-nlght
former President Theo Gier said: ,
The whole country about Sunol is bring
depopulated in order to clear the watershed
for the Spring Valley Company. Two school
districts have lapsed recently on account of
the purchase .of the land by the water com
pany and the residents were ordered to move
away. Two more districts are about to lapse, I
know of. my own knowledge ;of 100 families
that have bt en forced -to move away from
there, vOf course, - I suppose that 'If these
people buy the land they have a right to use
it, but btfore the matter goes too far I be
lieve we should look: into it and not. let that
whole section be bought out before we know
where we stand. =r- , '• . i
Tory fund. Those in charge of the feast were-
Mrs.iWilllam Rlnhby. Mrs.7A. J. Victors Mrs"
Robert Valleau. Mrs. E. B. Lewis. . Mrs. Logan'
Mrs. C.--S. Dlxon. Miss Isabel Sherwood, Miss
Deane Tlsdale, Mlsa Ethel Shed, Miss. Edith
Bush and Miss Gladys Bullock. .•" The followhig
young ladles will assist in «er\-lng the guests:
Misses Buth Tlsdale. Hilda Van Slckleri, Laura
Sargent, Minna Congy. Marjory Deetkin, Cor
nelia Bowers. Nallta Herikenlus, Elizabeth Rem
mel. Maud Lewis, Monica Fores Bessie Val
leau. Etea: Victors." Dolly Bradley, \u25a0 Roso Sher
wood, Caro Blmonson, * Cariotta Hansen, Elma
Weeks, : Charlotte - Buekard, \u25a0, Louise : Bartlett
Marguerite Carpentler' Jean- Cferpentler Alex
lne Mitchell and Nina jßeicner.'
".---•*--\u25a0'..- '\u25a0-';''* V. '\ •("'\u25a0\u25a0;.; '•'C-, if": '\u25a0\u25a0 • Sl-'"S 1 -'" '\u25a0
\u25a0 Captain -John Wulzen. who has served
thlrty-slx. - consecutive., terme as direc
tor of .- the '\u25a0 San , Francisco SchuQtzen Vereln '
celebrated the \u25a0 eightieth" anniversary of his
birthday Monday J at his home, < 1038 San An
tonio avenue. The (five children ..of '.Captain
Wulzen— Mrs.': Albert Strunr,' : Mr*. Max ' Ound
lach. Otto, George | and :. Ricnard -^Wulzen — were
guetts at the celebration, other* present being
Mre. George Gundlach, -Mrs.rMlnnle • Lamer,
Mrs. ; Freda Devine, , Mrs.' J. 1. .- McKee/ Mre. ; de
Longe and \ the f young : ; twin *, sons :of . Mr.' and
Mrs. George Wulzen.- : \ \u25a0...\u25a0• -, :-.
- Carl "M." Fielding,' son- of -Clarence Fielding,'
one fof the pioneer; conductors : on \u25a0 the \u25a0 narrow
gauge local line, • and Mis* Catherine } A. : Dunn
of San • Francisco I w^re .wedded - here ; Saturday
at the . parsonage of the [First Baptist Church
by; Rev. \u25a0- Oilman Parker. v c Miss » P. .M. - Bowen
was the. maid of honor, while the groom -was
supported -by,:C; ,'F:, -Feldman. :^The marriage
came as a surprise to the parents of the groom,
who did not learn until, Sunday, when they; at
; tended \u25a0 services at \u25a0 the i First * Baptist - Church,'
• that 'they had a -daughter-in-law.- \u25a0 "'. . •
.' - -' ". ';' r' * : .- . : •iv-j* •, ;':-»"\u25a0•\u25a0
' Miss 'Margaret Cox ' of ; this city 'and -William
Cunningham J of? Oakland v ; were x married v last
Tuesday : at v San? Rafael iby t the *•' Rev.*: \u25a0:\u25a0 Ah-T.-;
Needham. \u25a0'-> former, '. pastor -» of the 'local -, First
Methodist ' Episcopal \u25a0 Church: \u25a0 t The 'groom ?is< in
the employ > of ' the \ Southern Pacific -' Company. ,
Mr. and* Mrs; ' Cunningham \u25a0 will \u25a0 reside \u25a0 In ; Los
MOFFITT HEIRS
ARE RESTLESS
Sisters of Late Politician
Want Tlieir Money and the
Wi(iow ; a Double Allowance
BOTH FILE PETITIONS
While One Is Drawing $500 a
Month, the Others Are Now
Clamoring ; for Their Shares
. OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— The complaint
of the four sisters of the late Frank.
J. Mofiitt, made In court a few days
ago ,that, although four months have
passed since the death of their brother,
nothing has been done toward" the in-,
vestment of $40,000 ; for their | beneflt.y
was- met to-day by Mrs. Augusta L.
Moffltt, the. widw, coming Into j court
and asking to 'have her allowance
raised from $500 to $1000 a month.
The legal outcroppings are such as
lead the legal fraternity , to the belief
that all is not serene between the relict
of the .late politician and his sisters
and that a -legal battle is imminent.
Mrs. "Moffltt's present allowance from
the estate is $500 and was fixed at this
sum by the court, although she at that
time asked for $750. The sisters say
they have not received" a cent in four
months and there are .no indications
that anything is to be done in the
matter until the court orders it.
KIOTOUS CONDUCT
IS TO BE STOPPED
Seniors at the University Are
Haled Before the
Committee.
BERKELEY. Oct. 24.— Determined that
the student body should know, thoroughly
the attitude of the university authorities
in the matter of riotous conduct, on or
off the campus, the faculty committee on
student affairs this morning summoned
four of. the most prominent seniors in
college for a hearing on the charge of
unseemly conduct in the university -li
brary building. Sentence was not pro
nounced and the students do not know
what will be theftr fate. '
The men called before the faculty com
mittee are Howard Hart Salz, Milton Her
man Salz, Ira Wheeler and Frank Had
ley. Complaint had been made to -the
authorities last week that a crowd of
university men nightly invaded the" uni
versity library building, and there, after
a series of improper actions, gave'what is
known In college as ihe "Snent Oski Wow
Wow."
The "Silent Oski Wow Wow" is regard
ed as a most insidious device for destroy
ing decorum, wherever. It may be ren
dered. -It consists of a mere movement
of the lips, giving the famous "Oski" in
pantomime, until the final climacteric
shriek 13 reached, when the pantomime Is
dropped and | a genuine, well ' authenti
cated.yell is produced., . \u25a0 S*;^ . ;•'
I Librarian .Rowel l.. resented this practice
of'a, group "of college of, commerce men
who made. the. library their headquarters
while "cramming", for a rather despised
course In economics which; seniors: have
to -take td graduate. .Inspired by a dis
like for. this course the men relieved their
feelings with the "Silent Oski."
INJURED BY EXPLOSIOX.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 24. — Through the
explosion of a quantity of gasoline on
board of the launch Manila of the At
lantic, Gulf and Pacific Company, at
work-in the estuary last night, Carl
Olson's right arm - and hand .were
frightfully lacerated and seared. Am
putation of the main limb may be
found necessary. Olson was alone in
the engine-room when .the accident
happened and in his, suffering condi
tion was compelled to row a boat to
the shore in order to reach his home at
2312 Blanding avenue, where his
wounds were 'given "medical attention
by Dr. W. J. Hosford.
Olson is unable to account: for the
explosion of the gasoline, which was
stored .in the engine-room of the
launch. The fluid blew up about 7:30
o'clock last night and It was two hours
before Olson was able to reach his resi
dence. The . injured man Is a well
known dredger engineer and Is a mem
ber of the Alameda Aerie of Eagles.
RINKS TABOOED.
BERKELEY, Oct. 24.— Skating rinks
in Berkeley are regarded by the Feder
ation of Churches as a "menace to the
youth" 'of. the town and a proper sub
ject for inhibitory legislation; by the
Town Trustees. A petition asking that
an ordinance be passed prohibiting a
proposed roller skating rink on Alls
ton way, a few yards west of the. town
hall; was* presented to the trustees last
night and by the trustees referred to
the. police -committee.
Deputy Marshal ' Levi Moran's' resig
nation was accepted by the trustees, as
the result of an alleged assault upon
J. E. Wales in the Marshal's office' a
week ago. W. Leonard was appointed
to the' position. ". .""*-,
i The trustees ordered a letter, sent Ito
the .Southern i Pacific: and/ Key Route
companies asking that j a watchman be
stationed -at : Center street and' ; Shat
tuck" avenue, a place where -several
fatal accidents; have occurred.-'
BAY CITY/ IN TROUBLE.
, OAKLAND. ; OcL 24.— Caught .'by the
tide just as ( it t entering the i slip
and swung crosswise'bf the slip, where
It could neither; go ahead^nor, back, the
creek " route ..f erry7boat / Bay 7 City : , was
held helpless for \ two "hours 'to-night 'at
the end ;of ; the;6-o'clock; trlpjfrom;San
Francisco.V.Twenty ; teams ; arid; a-num
ber.of, passengers; on the steamer,. were
kept ' prisoners^whlle' the crew i tried*; to
free the ' boat; from ;^ her/ position arid
sonVe V otj. the ; ; ; passengers - were badly
frightened,- f earlrig that the; hull of the
steamer;, would, be crushed "against the
wharf. '-\i ]' \u25a0 /\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0/,' ' '-//;, : r; l'-'s* *'; L '."ilv
\u25a0 : : t lndlng' that - the /engines were
helpless .to 'extricate'; the \ vessel, : Cap
tain c James ,McJ..ean, orderedjthe deck
hands ito' sendf; hawsers jtojthe' wharves
on both sideafbf theiSlip and after; two
hours "the steamer ! was warped free?
, AGED iWOMAN'E* LIFE- SAVED.
' OAKLAND. /\u25a0 Oct.^ X..— That ; Mrs.}- Jane
Nolan, a ; f eeble.idderiy'/; widow - who ~ lives,
alone , at > 913 [ Seventh ? Btreet,\did ' not i meet '
death in t flames ;jthatymenaced Z her;, home"
.this 'afternoon iwas .probably^ due -to } the
prompt :work ' of i Fred * Realey.* chief ; clerk
of i the : grocery, firm/ of \u25a0? McMillan i'&\Cox:W:
'-: RealeyiwasJ passing J the S housed at -17:30
o'clock ithiß evening, jwhenhe'saw? flames
! issuing ' from £ the - chimney. ;?« He J ran " ln^
side. - and fe despite ,- the ; blinding..- ciioking
smoke,". found ; Mrs.;. Nolan," who;, was /par^
tially • paralysed \u25a0; by,; 1 f ear/Jand 'carried ? her
to'a place -ofi safety.'iThen.'l with; an; ordii;
nary ; water i bucket.-: he ~ the*
flames. jC-.They^were * caused 'i by, the ' ex
plosion, of [a: kerosene] lamp, i The damage
to the house is nominal.
"BOGIE" AGAIN
AT STANFORD
Sheet of "The Knockers" Is
Distributed During Early
Hours About the Campus
TO SEARCH FOR AUTHOR
Stu dents Responsible Will
Be Expelled if Apprehend
ed by Faculty Committee
Special Dispatch to The CalL
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 24.— \
For the third time in the history of the
institution and the ' second time this
semester Stanford University, has been
startled by the appearance of a
"bogie." Tne appearance of the in
famous publication . twice in such a
short period of time is due to the num
ber of disturbances in the dormitories
and the consequent activity of the fac
ulty committee on student affairs to
put a stop to them.,
~ The publication appears this time as
a four-page leaflet. Its origin" is se
cret.. If the author, or, as it is hinted,
the ; authors, are apprehended, so se
vere is the^tone of the sheet, expulsion
will unquestionably follow..
To apprehend the . source of the
"yellow slip" is next to Impossible, as
has been- Droved by past experiences.
Upon the issue of the sheet for the first
time at tho university every establish
ment In" San Francisco and surround
ing cities and towns that boasted of a
printing-press, ! hand or otherwise, was '
investigated. The search, however,
proved futile. , The authors were never
caught. • '
The leaflets were found to-day in the
proximity of all eating establishments
on the university campus and College
Terrace and the sorority and fraternity
houses." It contains much clever stuff.
In the words of the unknown authors
the sheet receives the following dedi
cation:
' "Bogle," published by the Associated Knock
ers (Semester. Limited) of Stanford University.
Issued as often as necessary and for the per
sonal edification of the student affairs com
mittee. . No connection witn common knockers
and not copyrighted. ' Not entered at tne uni
versity, or any other postpfflce. Not entered at
the registrar's or business office as second or
any- other class matter. Night watchmen,
mounted police and other hirelings our special
objects.
Every student and member of the fac
ulty who at any point in his or her "unN
versity career has been before the public
'eye receives due notice in the columns. A
particularly despicable feature is that the
names of young women students are
dragged before the .community by. the
publication.
ELOPING TIIUSTEE
IS BROUGHT BACK
Loga n M ust Now A iiswer for
JJnnhing Away With
EthelCook^
OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— Henry A. Logan,
trustee of the- First Free Baptist
Church of Oakland, : who eloped with
Ethel .Cook, a 16-year-old schoolgirl,
on: Thursday, October 12, deserting his
wife and child, was brought back to
night to face trial for his crimo. Cap
tain of Police Wilson arrived with the
prisoner from. Medford, Or., 'this even
ing, .where Logan and his companion
were arrested.. , - .
Logan, when , he j arrived, at the po
lice station, was by turns sullen, de
fiant and penitent, but 'through it all
he exhibited a cold-blooded Indifference
to the grief he had brought to those
whom he should, have protected. He
expressed^sorrow.for the trouble he had
brought upon the child who ran away
with him, but that was all. Logan
said: ,
When I took Ethel from this city >it was
with the Intention of putting her In school. If
\u25a0we succeeded in escaping -arrest 'and later
marrying her. for. - with all- my faults, I loved
her truly. I Intended to secure a divorce from
my*pre«ent wife If she did notget It first and
make Ethel Cook my wife.'. Of course I know
that \u25a0 I would have found' It ; hard work to
divorce my wife, but I think . I could have
found some grounds, y The report that I was
In trouble of the same kind In Sacramento U
absolutely false. 'I -was never in. any trouble
until •; now. ' ' .-
Logan i seemed to be, rather pleased
with the : notoriety 'that he had
achieved. • - - ' \ ;;;"". v;j'
fSEEKS TO DEFEAT EFFOHT. .
TO SAVE TELEGRAPH HILL
John Center Files Suit Asralnst Auditor
and Treasurer to Stay Purchase of '
Property. '
In an effort to. defaet the plans of the
Boardof Supervisors to preserve Tele
graph Hill from, destruction at the
hands, of quarrymen John Center filed
suit . yesterday to enjoin the Auditor
and the Treasurer from paying the de
mand of the Tallant Banking Company
for $11,000 and that of C. P.' and C. A.
Wetmore; for' $4150 against the,treas
ury.'-.The,?; demand ;of "the Tallant
Banking : Company is f or . the purchase
price of a 50-vara lot at the corner of
Chestnut : and • Kearny . streets, and that
of.the Wetmofes for an adjoining piece
of property; for the purchase of which
the \ Board of \u25a0 .supervisors, made : appro
priations, it being the intention to ulti
mately convert Telegraph Hill Into sa
park;/. :.l."'*.: ; \u25a0 \-- ',' •../ \u25a0\u25a0 . ;. .\u25a0
> In I his suit Center, asserts that the
property," ls -not^nt • for." park purposes
and that if purchased by the city it will
greatly damage him. as it: will prevent
him" from economically grading adjoin-
Ing property, he \u25a0 owns. - I He attacks the
entire' proceedings \ by "which t the board
intends to facquire the; properties and
asks | that : the - court declare ; them ille-,
gal and issue ,"•\u25a0 permanent; injunction
against the oiriclals. ,
ANOTHER. COU2VTEIIFEITER
CAPTURED IN THIS CITY
John Rooney, StoWn way f Added to" the
Gain* Bui oflhe;^ S.jSecr*t v >
V- T ; ,"''-iT'.' '\u25a0"! \u25a0•"".'•\u25a0.' Service-. Men. ' /„• /
•John -Rooney, who i arrived; here on
the (transports Sherman ;'as '\u25a0 a istowaway,
was .'arrested } yesterday; in : the lodging
house i at 248 ; : East by /United
States J Secret i Service .Agent Harry , M.'
Moffittion^acharse'of having, been'im
plicated^, with •; John -Duffy. : John "'\u25a0\u25a0 Shea
a,nd : : others; Jri\the/ making and
of ten fand s twentv. dollar bank notesjjn
•Yokohama and Nagasaki, r Agen t Hazen
received va^: cablegram- yesterday after;
noon' 'SfromT: Honolulu -frbm- United
States i Marshal '; E.t R. /> Hendry, V stating
\u25a0thatt Charles i Moore,? one of the 'gang
jalled'iatvHonolulu, 1 hadj'confossed. im
plicating 5 Shea,;' Duffy; and "Rooney i In
i tlieT transactioh/ i,i ,' T /rhe'ithrcfc/: prisoners
will be held S here .until } arrival -of
'frbmjHoriolulu.^wheri; they^ will
betaken thither for trial
CHARMING GIRL' WHO TO-MOR- I
ROW WILL BfiCOMB THE BRIDE
OF STANFORD GRADUATE. |
COLLEGE CHUMS
TO BE MARRIED
Wedding Bells; Will King for
/Pair Who Became Engaged
at Stanford University
Special Dispatch to The Call."
PALO ALTO. Oct. 24.— Pa10 .Alto and
university social circles are deeply inter
ested in the marriage of Miss Rosa M.
Morse and A. Vincent Youens, which will
take place here on Thursday, October 26.
The . happy pair became engaged four
years ago while both were attending
Stanford University.
: Miss Morse is the daughter of the late
Captain C V C. Morse. Youens was a mem
ber of the' class^ of. 1901. at Stanford Uni
versity and was called to Galveston
after, the flood to take charge of some
electrical .engineering operations. % Later
he'took' a* degree from'' Cornell University
and, was employed as a manager by the
Westinghouse Manufacturing Company of
Pittaburg.
Youens and his . bride will reside, in
San Francisco after a short wedding tour.
A few college chums of the bride and
groom, besides "relatives of the latter's
family, will attend the " wedding. •'
TO ATTKND CO.WEXTIOX.
PALO ALTO. Oct. 24.— Delegates
from the local organization 'will attend
the State convention of Political Equal
ity Clubs in San Francisco on October
28.^ The eleven local club women
chosen are: Dr. Florence Belkn?p, Mrs.
8. S. Karns, Mrs. V. Arnott, Mrs. R. B.
Bell, Mrs. F. W. Sherman, Mrs. P. L.
Seamans, Mrs. Charles Thompson. Mrs.
B. Parkinson, Mrs. A. House and Mrs.
K. Green. • , v -
DECISION IS AFFIRMED.
OAKLAND, Oct.' 24. — The remittltur
of the Supreme Court sustaining the
decision of the lower court in the case
of the Contra Costa Water Company
against City Auditor A. p. Breed In a
suit for over $12,000 for water sup
plied' the city was received at the
County Clerk's office to-day. The money
was paid by the city under protest and
it was decided-by Judge Ellsworth that
the water company was entitled, to it,
and thl3 decision has now been up
held. \u25a0 : \u25a0
RED HOT RIVET CAUSES FALL.
OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— A red hot rivet
nearly ... caused the death of. Al Rogers
to-day by burning through a, rope by
which he was suspended and allowing
him to fall a distance of twenty-two
feet into the' hold of a ship. His hand
was broken, but he was otherwise un
hurt! The rivet was dropped by a man
working above him and it fell on the
rope which held a chair in which Rog
ers was . suspended and burned it.' in
two. He is 22 years of age and lives In
San Francisco.
Ky tka Proves Expensive.
The direct examination of Theodore
Kytka. who ; has been testifying for
several days In the Samuel Davis will
contest, was concluded yesterday and
he was handed over to counsel for the
proponents for cross - examination.
Under rigid. questioning he -was com
pelled to admit that he expects to get
more than; $20,000 out of the contest
ants: for .the service, he has rendered
them. Kytka. in closing his direct ex
amination, said that he believed .the
signature to -the contested codicil {was
a < forgery: and had been drawn with
painstaking effort by the forger. His
eross^exaimlnation promises ' to be ' a
warm one.
M>ff_H Jgß 13 MS&M M Ef&f M*& women approach with'
\u25a0-^^"^^^^""T-^-T 1 " -mdescribable.fear. for
£k BUM tfto'F BJ B^ MZ& nothin S compares with
A tMMMTHER : %s&£!£g£
of the suffering and; danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all:pleasant anticipations of coming event, and casts OTer.her ft
*hadow of gloom which cannot .be shaken off. Thousands of womea
have^found that the use of Mother's' Friend during pregnancy rob«
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is ' : "a ".god-send 'to all ,women at tha
rime of their rho6t critical , trial. Not only does Mother's Friend
carry women safely through ; the ' perils of but - ita use \u2666
gently^ prepares the system for the coming r: eVent, prevents **morning
' sickness, !^ and; other idis-, . ; \u25a0-\u0084 .\u25a0- \u25a0..-*
comforts of this period. gj ffS i^k "fWO SI Wtß^^ 84&k
Sold by all druggists at EffMSJ M FBSE-SHZ &"
$1.00. per bottler Book - m .B. B \u25a0".\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 T^
containing valuable information free, C E£ tt IT BJI SHb
the Bradfield Regulator Co.. Atlaata. Ga. F MWlmEi fv
APPEAL TO LAW
WILL END ROW
Supervisors of San Mateo In
struct Attorney to Be^in
Suits Against Contractors
QUARREL AN OLD ONE
Alleged Violations of Agree
ments by Land Reclaimers
Cause of the Difficulty
Special Dispatch to The CalL
REDWOOD CITY. Oct. 24.— The quarrel
between the Supervisors of this county
and the contractors and promoters wh^
are seeking to reclaim a valuable trueW
of land near Belmont has reached a
critical stage,' and the Supervisors have
ordered the District Attorney to Institute
criminal and civil proceedings against
the alleged offenders. The affair has been
a matter of much discussion before the
Board of Supervisors and it was mutually
agreed Jhat the contractors would
suspend all work until the merit of cer
tain protests has been . determined In
argument before the Supervisors.
It is now claimed that Contractor E. W.
McLellan, who represents H. May Pear
sail and others, has violated all of hia
agreements wit^ the board by damming
up two of the most important creeks ia
the district. These waterways, it is
claimed, are navigable and by damming
them it will be impossible to get' In op
out of Belmont during the rainy season.
In the prosecution of the suits against
McLellan the Supervisors have instructed
the District Attorney to associate ex-
Governor James H. Budd and Attorney
George C. Rosa with him." As the case
involves a very large sum of money and
prospectively an extremely valuable tract
of land the litigation will be hotly con
tested.
PRISON VISITING DAY
CHANGED BY BOAED
San Quentin Open to Callers
on the First Wednesday
of Each Month. ;*
Sp«clal Dispatch to The Call.'
SAN QUENTIN. Oct. 24.— The Board
of Prison Directors at its meeting at
Folsom on Saturday, October 22,
changed the visiting day at this prison
from the first and third \u25a0 Sundays of
each month to the first Wednesday,
the change to take effect immediately.
While it will work a hardship on many
who are unable to come any other day .
than a Sunday, the directors believe that
it is for the best interest of the prison
to make the change. The number of^
visitors to the prisoners will be lessen
ed by the change. Of late the visitors
have been too numerous for the prison
employes to handle successfully and
there are rumors that indiscreet visit
ors have taken advantage of the situa
tion to pass contraband goods to theic •
convict friends.'''--^- »\u25a0: *\u25a0*• \u25a0 •
Albert Se^Tis. a negro, serving life
sentence. ,\vao was the ringleader ia.
the Jallbreak= at Folsom in July. 1903.
will be charged by Warden Yell with .
an assault with intent to murder and
tried in Sacramento.
Warden-Yell informed the Board of
i Prison Directors last Saturday of the
existence. of a law making it a capital
offense to commit a murderous assault
during a jailbreak and was authorized
by the board to proceed against Seavi3.
MRS. ROBERTS TO LECTURE.
MAYFIELD, Oct. 24. — Mrs. Florence
Roberts, field secretary of Beth AdricV
of San Jose, will speak twice here t^,
October 29. in the morning at. the'
Methodist church and in the evening
at Odd Fellows' HalK for tha benefit
of the San Jose Rescue Home. Mrs.
Leslie Hlght will entertain her during
her. visit here, f" * ; : "•, •
aljUmxi glee ci.ru.
PALO ALTO, .Oct. 24. — A. musical
club has been organized here by the
members of the Palo Alto High School
alumni. Following are its officers:
President.' Frank Sloan; vice president.
Mi3s Feme Farris; secretary and treas
urer, Miss Erxna Zschokke; pianists —
Miss Vallance Arnott, Miss > Augusta
Upham and Miss Fay rFarrls; director,
F. F. Jeffers. .-
WILL GIVE BEAEKIT.
MAYFIELD, Oct. 24. — An entertain
ment will be given by the ladles of St.
Aloysius ; Cathodic. Church : ' .in; Work
men's Hall .on October 10 to help pay
for- the /church/ improvements. .fA^fea
ture "will, be " the minstrel. ,showr.
Musical. numbers are also prominent on
programme. ] "\u25a0- ":J '.-«• ;";' I *
ELECTED ; BOARD MEMBER*
PALO ALTO. OcU 24.— Mrs. ;K;W.
ShermanVof :Palo Alto has t>«en, noti
fied of her election as a member of the
board of managers of the; Good Tem
plars'- Home, for Orphans at : >'aUeJy.
This 13 the first' time a local woman. lv ft:
been' so -honored. 7. .-..;'
CHURCHES GIVE BOOKS.
PALO AJL.TO, Oct. 24.— Several edi
tions "of The Life of Christ." including
those by G. J.- Andrews. A./Edershelm.
F. W. Farrar and C Gelkie^.have been
presented' to the local Public Library
by the Palo Alto churches.
ISFOUXD XOT GUILTY.
SAUSALJTO; Oct. 21.— Alban E. Wray.
superintendent of the ! Sausallto Ceme 3
tery. wrho was charged .with violating
t.ie State . birth, death and marriage
registration law. was acquitted to-day.YOUNG PRAISED
BY HIS COUNSEL
Judge Gear Pays Glowing
• Tribute to Accused Offi
cer in Summing Up Case
TALKS SEVERAL HOUBS
Declares Court-Martial of
Benningtoirs Commander
Is Blot on History of Navy
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO. Oct. 24.-— Judge Gear of
Honolulu, the chief counsel for Com
mander Lucien Young- of the Bennlng
ton, xrae before the court-martial board
at Mare Island the entire day, to-day,
concluding his presentation of the de
fer.se but a moment prior to the
adjournment of the court. Gear
dade a masterful argument for the ac
cused officer and did not mince mat
ters when he alluded to the criminal
Sr?'.«ct of the engineering department
cf the Pacific sauadron, or, in other
•words, the failure of Lieutenant Com
mander Bartlett of the flagship Chi
cago to inspect the engine-room of the
Bennington.
Gear drew particular attention to the
testimony of Commander Ransome,
v,-ho was one of the expert witnesses
for the defense, and used as a compari
son his opinions with those expressed
by Bartlett while the latter was on the
stand as an expert witness for the
prosecution. Gear said that Bartlett
left the stand at the end of his six
days' testimony practically discredited
as an^«xpert. Gear paid a high tribute
to the employes of the Mare Island
navy yard and other Government ship
building: plants, and bitterly assailed
the work done *by tue ship-building
trust, as shown by the testimony of
Ransom*, who declared that the poor
ness? of the work on the Bennlngton's
boilers and furnaces Is alone respon
sible for the disaster.
G«ar read several magazine articles
en the life and record of Young, in
\u25a0which the heroism of the accused of
ficer was pictured in glowing terms.
The counsel stated that It was a blot
on the history of the American navy
that .euch an Incident as tne court
3iartial of a gallant man must be re
corded for the fu,ture admirals of this
country to read. In combating the
prosecution's claim that poor discipline
and over-pressure had caused the acci
dent. Gear dwelt upon" the testimony
of Ransome and the employes of the
!c^r yard, who stated that overheating
after deposits of oil had been allowed
to collect was the cause of the explo
sion. In reviewing the rebuttal testi
mony introduced by the prosecution on
Monday, by which an attempt was made
to show that the discipline of the Ben
nington was poor, he said it had re
rulted in no advantage to the prosecu
tion.
The statement of Lieutenant Com
mander Leonard, who also spoke In
high terms of the crew's efficiency, was
brought to the attention of the court,
and Gear closed this portion of the ar
gument by asking how the members of
the court could and Young guilty on
either of the two principal charges
against him when such evidence had
been introduced. Gear concluded his
argument with a high tribute to Naval
Constructor Holden A. Evans and Cap
tain K. J. Drake, who have been his as
sociate counsel in defending Young.
Prosecutor West will begin his sum
ming up to-morrow.
6HJOOTS AND KILLS WIDOW
WHO WOULD NOT WfclD HIM
SEATTLE, Oct. 24 — Joseph John
Fiatt, an Assyrian, 22 years old, to
day shot and killed Lottie Nicholas, an
Assyrian widow of the same age. who
had spurned his offers of marriage.
Fiatt walked into the kitchen where
the woman was working and shot her
twice in the back, making his escape
sferward. Assyrian residents of the
r^ ghborhood threaten to lynch him if
tfci y capture him. &oPhß£
. AjJiVIi^iTISEM.£XTS.
WOMEN'S NEGLECT
SUFFERINSTHESUREPENALTY
Eealth Thus Lost Is Restored by Lrdio
E. Pisk.ham'B Vegetable Compound.
How many xromen do yon know who
are perfectly well and strong? We
hear every day the same story over and
over again. "I do not feel well ; lam
so tired all the time!"
\./Wiss KateM*DonalcLfi
More than likely yon speak the same
words yourself, and no doubt you feel
far from well. The cause may be easily
traced to some derangement of the fe-
male orguns which manifests itself in
depression of spirits, reluctance to go
anywhere or do anything, backache,
bearing-down pains, flatulency, nerv-
ousness, sleeplessness, lencorrhoea.
These symptoms are but warnings
that there is danger ahead, and unless
heeded a life of suffering or a serious
operation is the inevitable resnlt.
The never-failing remedy for all these
symptoms is Lydia E. Pinkham's Veg-
etable Compound.
Miss Kate McDonald, of Woodbridge,
N J., writes:
Dear Mrs. Pinkham :
" I think that a woman naturally dislikes to
make her troubles knovm to the public, but
restored health has meant so much to me that
I cannot help from telling mine for the sake
Of other suffering women.
S For a lons time I suffered untold agony .
with a uterine! trouble and irregularities,
which made me a physical wreck, and no one
thought I would recover, but Lydia E. Pink-
hfiin's Vegetable Compound has entirely
cured me, and made me well and strong , and
I feel it mr duty to tell other suiTering women
what a splendid medicine it is."
JK yon are ill, don't hesitate to get a
bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegeta-
ble Compound at once, and write to
Mrs. Pitkham, Lynn. Mass., for special
miric9— it is free and always helpfuL
. i «»i— MirarHtMiiHTngi WltlillTf I nIWIHMH.
STUDIES SHERLOCK HOLMES
AND CAPTURES THIEF.
Detective Ingenuity That Sir
Conan Has Not \Beaten.
Malodorous Cigar Used for Bait and
Larcenous Gudgeon Nibbles. :
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
Having read about and studied the de
tective methods employed by Sir Conan
Doyle's celebrated' Mr. Holmes, It was
with gladness rather than regret that Jul
ius Beuelar discovered that his watch and
chain had been larcenously detached from
his vest while the garment was temporar
ily detached from his person.
"For here," quoth Mr. Beuelar to him
self, "is Incentive to me to ascertain
whether I possess power of divination
equal to that of Sherlock, or am equipped
with any sleuthlsm worth having."
The theft was committed in 'Mr. Beu»
lar'e apartment in a lodging house at 757
Mission street, while he was making his
ablutions in an adjoining chamber. He
was absolutely without a clew to the
thief's identity, for his room opened on
the first-floor hallway 'and was daily
passed by his numerous fellow-lodgers,
any one of whom could have taken ad
vantage of the opportunity to pilfer af
forded by his Indiscretion in leaving the
door unlocked. So after conceiving sev
eral plans he finally determined upon pur
suing one that Sir Conan himself never
eclipsed In ingenuity.
Purchasing for five cents three cigars
which were unsmokable by any one with
sensitive olfactories. Br. Beuelar placed
them in the very pocket from which the
watch had been abstracted, hung the vest
on the very hook it occupied when it
was rifled, opened his door and left it
open, just as he. had left it when the
theft was committed, and then ostenta
tiously proceeded to the toilet chamber,
just as he had proceeded when the lar
cenist went to work. Several persons
witnessed his departure, but as he could
single none of them out for suspicion he
wisely refrained from saying or doing
anything that might lead them to sus
pect.
The plan worked like a charm. When he
returned to his room, Mr. Beuelar .found
that during his brief absence one of his
three El Ropos had disappeared. "Ha,
ha," he chuckled, "now to wait for the
giveaway." .
Hastening to the hallway he saw sev
eral persons, with fingers pressing n6s
trils, flee from the vicinity In which Wil
liam Hanson, a lodger, stood and puffed
a cigar. "Trapped!" hissed Mr. Beuelar.
But he ignored William Hanson for the
nonce, quietly went forth and borrowed
a policeman, escorted him to William
Hanson's room — and there found the miss
ing watch under William Hanson's pil
low. -
Police Judge Mogan gave William six
months' Imprisonment and advised Julius
Beuelar to apply for a position on Chief
Dlnan's detective corps, where talent such
as his would surely compel rapid promo
tion.
:: \u25a0\u25a0• \u25a0\u25a0-; •\u25a0;: • •.*
Abe Bloch was recently Imported from
Germany by his brother and given the
superintendence* of the tatter's meat mar
ket at Washington and Polk, streets,
.where he became engaged in flstlo alter
cation with Fred Landler, a Journeyman,
the cause of the combat being Mr. Land
lei's declination to adopt certain Teu
tonics methods of beef dressing which
Mr. Bloch suggested. The gentlemen
were arrested and booked for peace dis
turbance, and Judge Fritz will hear the
complete details next Saturday.
• • *
William Smith and Bessie Dillman were |
sweethearts when a handsomer man
alienated her affection and she left Will
iam to deplore the fickleness of. woman
kind. Thus the situation existed last
Saturday night, when William and Bessie
met at Howard and Fourth streets, where
she was awaiting a car to transport her
to her home In the Mission district.
William coldly bowed to her and was dis
consolately continuing his way when she
expressed a desire to converse with him.
"I thought," she said, "you might . be
Interested to learn, that your successor
as ray steady went to Goldfleld some time
ago and has saved money to get married
on. He has sent enough to me to buy
wedding things and pay my fare to Join
him, and I have Just been around bidding
my friends good-by. . VYou'll wish me
good luck, won't you?"
William Instantly complied with her
request, and co grateful was she that
west-bound cars had ceased to pass ere
she remembered the hour was late and
her home remote.
"Goodness gracious!" she then ex
claimed, "here J have stood and talked
to you until the last car has gone by."
"Don't worry." said William, "you can
get an apartment for the night in .the
house" where I live,"
That was how Bessie came to be In
a Howard street lodging-house when
some one burglariously endeavored to en
ter her chamber/ She screamed, and, .
jcantily garbed as she was, fled via the
fire escape to the • roof, where her shrieks
attracted Patrolmen Sullivan and , Flood
to the house.* As they dashed Into the
t~*u-*.» they met William Smith dashing
THE SAN FRA^
out of it, and they detained him until
Bessie's story was heard.
"I don't know whether he was the
burglar or not," said Bessie to Judge
Fritz.
"I was asleep in my room when her
yells awoke me," William pleaded, "and
I was trying to find out where she was
when , the policemen seized me."
"You would better depart for Golfleld
to-day," said his Honor to Bessie. "And
you," he said to William, "would better
bid her a final adieu ere she leaves this
While the prisoners were being: es
corted from the jail to Judge Conlan's
court Harry Miller, an opium slave, made
a dash for freedom and was shuffling
down the Hall of Justice "Stairs when his
recapture was effected. He was given six
months.
"-J "'•'\u25a0<£" *'•;/'*,'
Clarence Edwords, assistant city editor
of the Chronicle, was fined $100, with the
alternative of serving ninety days in
prison, by Judge Mogan. He was accused
of having fired a derringer at C. H. Har
wood with- intent to commit murder,' but
with the approval of the District At
torney the charge was reduced to that
of simple assault, to which the defendant
pleaded guilty. The fine was paid.
Edwords was acting as city editor of
the Chronicle the evening of August 20
when Harwood entered the 'reporters'
room and insisted on writing a sporting
article after he had been informed by
Edwords that it would not be accepted.
The defense alleged that when Harwooa
was ordered to leave the office he ad
dressed insulting epithets to Edwords,
who took a derringer 'from his desk ana
fired at Harwood, the bullet striking and
being deflected by a suspender buckle.
"It is possible," said Judge Mogan, In
response to the motion that the charge
be reduced, "that Edwords merely in
tended to display the pistol an a means
of enforcing the authority which, as city
editor, he undoubtedly possessed to com
mand Harwood to leave the office, and
that the weapon was accidentally dis
charged. It is also possible that in anger
provoked by the abusive language alleged
to have been addressed to him Edwords
fired the pistol deliberately. But the
charge of assault to commit murder has
not been proven by the evidence, and no
Impartial Jury could convict the defend
ant on that charge. Therefore I approve
the motion and order that the charge be
changed to that of simple assault."
• . • ife. • vV. V
Somebody told 14-year-old Mary
Donovan that Mrs. Kate Lawry of 45
Ritch street had audibly opined that she
(Mary) was "a nasty little sneak," and
when Mary met Mrs. Lawry as that
lady was returning: from a nearby
grocery there was a fight. Judge
Cabaniss, before whom Mary was ac
cused of battery by Mrs. Lawry, heard
both sides of the story and. as is his
almost invariable custom in the adjudi
cation of neighborly rumpuses, contln-
ued the case one month and allowed the
defendant to go on her own' recog
nizance.
Mrs. Lawry averred that she never
was more astonished in her; life than
when Mary accosted her and angrily
demanded a retraction of the alleged
slur, because she (Mrs. L.) had never
said a word derogatory to the charac
ter of any person residing] on that
block. Having nothing to retract, she
was unable to comply with Mary's jre
quest, and the next thing she knew
Mary was clawing her a ILL wildcat
apd the commodities with which she
was laden, including a paper bag filled
with grapes, were being trampled upon
the sidewalk. When the attack was
concluded Mrs. Lawry lay wallowing
in grape Juice. I
Mary's narrative differed In some de
tails from that of her accuse*. True
It was, Mary acknowledged,; that she
requested Mrs. Lawry, to explain .why
she had backbitten her, but her aggres
siveness- wer.t no further than that.-be
cause Mrs. Dawry promptly I planted a
right fist between her eyes, : knocking
off her spectacles and thereby Incapac
itating her, for combat ; Vr
George Henderson, an .able-bodied
mendicant, who knocked /down Charles
A. Fritch of- San Jose' In' retaliation Vof
that gentleman's - ' refusal : , to 'S deliver
alms, was sentenced to .eighteen
months' imprisonment by Judge Mogan.
After swearing., that r her 'husband's
chronio laziness subjected his 'family
to great hardship Mrs. Theodore Glbney
of 1141 Seventh street thought It- over
and relented..' ?" . . / :
. "If : you send him to jail,"' she asked
Judge Mogan, '"how are the three chil
dren and me to live?". ,' ;.
"He has not enabled ; you \u25a0; to live very
comfortably,* according to your : : own
story," was the answer, "but I suppose
your, change of; mind ; must \be | heeded. ,
If we had an official" whipplngr'post for
the punishment of such heartless hus
bands and ; ; fathers .'as^thlsHspouseJof
yours there ; would . be \u25a0 f ewery cases i; of
failure to providc'V .
It looks like dismissal tor Mr.\ Gib
ney, - whose defense' Is ; that ;f or. the last
six : months a sprained .thumb*: lias*, com- ,
Belled him to remain Idle. '.
HARBOR BOARD
WANTS MONEY
Seeks Writ Compelling the
State. Treasurer to Adver
tise the Sale of 250 ' Bonds
OFFICIAL BLOCKS PLAN
Refuses to Give Necessary
Notice, Claiming That It
Is Not His Duty to Do So
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 24.— A .petition for
a peremptory writ of mandated was filed
to-day in the Supreme Court ' by Charles
H. Spear, John.D- Mackenzie and' Henry,
J. Crocker, individually and as members
of the State Board of Harbor Comuis
sloners, against Truman Reeves, as Treas
urer of the State of California,- for the
purpose of : compelling him to '\u25a0'. proceed
to give notice of sale of 250 bonds of the
par value of $1000 each, authorized by the
provisions of the "San Francisco Seawall
Act," passed by the Legislature" of 1903.'
It appears. from the petition that all of
the Jurisdictlonal steps affecting the .'le
gality of the bond issue have been taken
but that the State Treasurer has refused
to proceed to give noticefof sale, as
directed by the act. claiming that It is
not his legal duty to do so.
The act referred to. provides for 2000
bonds at the par value of UOOO each, pay
able nineteen years after their date, with
interest at four per cent per annum.
To stop and . start a train costs as
much as to run it a mile. In store ad
vertising frequent stops are still more
expensive. . ;_.
NEW NATIONAL PARK
FOR GOLDEN STATE
Promoters of Plan Receive
Cheering News From
Washington.
PACIFIC GROVE, Oct. 24.— Promoters
of the plan for a \u25a0 new national park in
Southern Monterey have received news
from Washington that all Government
land In the proposed tract is now with
drawn from public entry. The boundaries
asked for the park are the Palo Colorado
River on the north, the Pacific Ocean on
the west, and Los Burros Creek, Arroyo
Seco and Carmel tributaries on the south
and east. Roughly estimated 343,000 acres
are Included in the tract. The land In
the main is very rough, but is valuable as
a watershed, furnlsherlng the supply for
the many small rivers from which Pacific
Grove, Monterey and Del Monte obtain
water. Professor Dudley, of Stanford,: Is
one of the leaders in the movement.
When your bowels- are constipated,
when your appetite is poor, take Lash's
Kidney arid Liver Bitters. \- : : ; ;.tr-:
MONTEREY COUNTY .- f
TEACHERS' MEETING
Joaquin Miller and Benja
min Me Wheeler to Ad
dress the Gathering.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, Oct." 24.— the Mon
terey County Teachers' Institute*"conv
ened in its annual session to-day in
Bagby's . Opera-house .at Monterey.
Last evening a reception was tendered
the visiting teachers by the^ Native
Daughters of the Golden West of Mon
terey. Ross C." Sargent was master of
ceremonies and delivered the address
of welcome. The features of the. week's
work and entertainment will be a lec
ture by Joaquin Miller, the poet of the
Sierras,, entitled "The Days of Old, the
Days of Gold, the Days O"f '49," and a
lecture by 'Benjamin ,Ide Wheeler on
the "Duty of the Pacific Coast Toward
the Education of the World." The in
stitute will conclude with a grand ball
at the opera-house Friday evening.
LIEUTENANT HAMILTON LOSES
THIRTY NUMBERS IN RANK
Sentence of Dismissal Ordered by
Court Martial Is Mitigated by
the War Department.
PORTLAND, Oct. 24.— A special dis
patch to the Evening Telegram from
Vancouver Barracks, Wash., says that
word has been received from the De
partment, of War at Washington to the
effect that - the sentence of the court
martial board Vln the case of First
Lieutenant Louis McL. Hamilton of dis
missal from the service has been miti
gated to reducing Hamilton thirty
numbers in grade. ..Hamilton was tried
for conduct unbecoming an officer and
gentleman and -conduct prejudicial to
military discipline. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Living
Monument.
If \u25a0 we were to assemble all
those who have been cured of
heart disease by Dr. Miles'
Heart Cure, and who would
to-day, be in their graves had
not Dr. Miles' been successful
in perfecting this wonderful
, heart specific, they would pop-
ulate a large city.
What a ; remarkable record—
a breathing, thinking, moving
monument, composed of human
lives, — that i for which every
other : earthly possession is sac-
rificed. - \u25a0 . :'\u25a0-
.The Miles Medical Co. - re-
ceive thousands of^ letters from :
these people like the following:;
."I : feel indebted to the \ Dr. ; Miles' '
Heart Cure for my life. . I desire to call
-• the attention iof others : suffering •as \u25a0 I
did to this remarkable remedy for the
heart.; For a long time -I had suffered
from . shortness of - breath after : any '
little exertion, palpitation of the heart;
and at times terrible pain In the region
of . the I heart.l so serious ;that I { feared
that I would some time drop dead upon
the Btreet. • One day I read one of your ?
circulars, v and ; Immediately >went \u25a0 to
my. druggist I and purchased ! two, bot-
tles ; of , the '. Heart Cure, .* and • took it
according y '. to ;= : directions,"; .v.with<- T the
result that* lam entirely cured. Since -
then \u25a0< r ' never miss an \ opportunity;? to
recommend this I remedy . to my friends I
who . have | heart trouble ; in | fact - 1 am I
'a traveling.: advertlsment,' - for I ,: am "
widely known. in this'locallty." •;'
\u25a0\u25a0•j'-- -v , :- > J.]H. BOWMAN, -fr
Manager of Lebanon'- Democrat,
- Nashville, ; Term. •- . r \u25a0 --\ •. : v ' i.'
Dr.'i Mile's' Heart : Cure Is : sold .by ;
.your druggist, who will guarantee that
first bottle will ; benefit. , If It fails '
he will refund your. mone^. \ \u25a0";": '"'. . /': ; - : '
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
*&mSALVAGE OFFERINGS
\f gg3m§; I From Wrecked Steamer Alameda
\u25a0 i Ctt p^flrare|i|.3 H \u25a0 There has been greater response to these- marvelous Alameda Salvage of-
fl^ f g^^^^i^ S ferings than to any other sale event which has ever taken place in the history
I3*!*i®2Si 5| of this city. More of the Alameda goods will be on sale to-day. We mention
, Iy«*^r2s^i£j| . only a few of the good things — there are other items, and many of them,
S which do not justify advertising on account of small quantities, but they will
. •; prove wonderful bargains to the early shoppers.
More 10c Lonsdale Muslin 5c Yard ' 35c Wash Goods for 10c Yard
ioo pieces of yard-wide^ Lonsdale Muslin, which The lot consists of 172 pieces; all colors and fin*
was pure white wherr loaded on the Alameda. JF '\u25a0 assortment; some in openwork; all perfect 4f\
cNowitris a,triflej;sqikd; and partly soaked. goods. Worth from 20c to 35c per yard. | If/
While it lasts, a yard '.............. -~ * Salvage Sale price> yard IVI
25c Japanese Crepes 10c Yard '\u25a0 _ ,in c , .
There are just ioo pieces in this lot; all colors, Heavy Bath IOWeIS IVC taCtl
some solid and^pthers with embroidered dots; in gray, This value really excels them all. A heavy snow-
blue, nile, pink, etc. 'These goods will only havf to white bath towel, in fancy weave only, ja £\
be shaken up a bit to place them in perfect condv- There are 200 dozen in the lot, which will be | \\f
tion. No ironing required: Worth 25c a *f A _ sold as long as they last at, each xvv
yard.. While they last, Salvage price, a yard f If f
..... ...... ..i. -•• .. ............... lvc 50c, 65c and 75c Dress Goods 25c Yard
$1.25 Bedspreads 75C Each Not at all »oiled. but dampened just a little. A
Just so in the lot. Worth from $1.00 to mm mm large assortment of colors will be brought f% jf
$1.25, and splendid values at that. While / *%C out for the first time to-day, at Salvage Sal« Jjt^
they last, Salvage Sale price, each......... \u25a0 price, yard .* \u25a0\u25a0 **
1 ! r : "" M> ; .'.' M \'." .' .'-.* .' r.',' \u25a0v/^y.'f?? I ,' yrfffjyyTyy-a' \u25a0' \u25a0' \u25a0' ,' ,' ' ,' ,' , ', '\u25a0 ' \u25a0' \u25a0' \u25a0' "'^
( ; 'oB| .. Buster Brown Boys', Girls' and Women's Stockings
y^f^J^S With Free School Outfit, 6 Pairs for $1.00
'! ''"' l--\- Upon presentation of this coupon we will aell you « pairs of Bnittr Brows
/ JBKi^h Stockings for boys, or 6 pairs of Buster Brown's Sister's Stockings for girls.
:\u25a0,, / i9&£&/- / W9liSSs or 6 pairs Buster Brown Stockings for women, together with a Freo School
> / /fJS&R jffajM Outfit consisting of pen, pencil, penholder, eraser, ink tablet, ruler and pencil
' *^5217?f ISH box " at tha rate ° f $1.00 for 6 Pairs
ft n II U fjjsrfiSa Buster Brown Hosiery gives satisfaction. They are the Identical rtocWnar»
' /' if fWB dfT^fflf which have been selling: regrularly at 4 pairs for $1 00.
/i^Et*X\ V *&h£W Remember, the free school outfit given with the sale of tho atocklnr* do*»
'\u25a0'/* ff\ \ n^F <l S£<d not constitute all of the offer. In addition we give a certificate showing you •
,^w / lii ) QH«>v^% have made the purchase, which entitles you to a renewal of the stationary aJ
r—^— t-K W&^UWjfil fast as It is used up. without any charge whatever, until January 1 next.
r\^T Every time the certificate is presented at our hosiery counter tho school sup-
1 //I / 'o^m& O WK$k P lies will be cheerfully given absolutely free. No stockings lold at thiJ price '
" \u25a0 I / \r\ SlNSl^ w# lll without this coupon.
\ K'-^^if^vUfrJm&^L Not mor * tnan one dozen to a customer. No mall ordsra. | , '
',[ TjT m^&^jHH&^^JJM Good only for Wednesday. October 23. " . ?* ,:^-4 '"* \u0084 .
I i 4r**J/^^B^^ <^^-t23Sr^9M - W^ WW \u25a0 V\u25a0* aP« '
I>> ..««.«».>. .\u25a0..!»« ••••*• .«»..»».... \u25a0IM I J ,
' " - "^ CUT THIS OUT— COPFOJf. J^*l . |
$i.75 BLOCK LIGHT, Complete, 88c /\
f Upon presentation of this coupon >we will sell you a genuine "fig. .^A i '
Block Light, complete (including mantle, burner and any style Jggg i ;
globe or shade), for which we have always charged $1.75, for W
!^llm'l.l','-- m^l ...88c... f"""-'-'-'-V.'' ! .''.'.'.Tn!d
' ' * * cut this' outl-coupon.' ' V ! The Block Light is a strictly ' , t < ? J 7'. Tf 1 . 9 , ?Y^T? OJ^ < * y '' '' '
»••••• •• • •.•••\u25a0••'••'• ' high-grade article and is with- a* | cm /* '' n '" " * *
$I.so\Umbrellas t 93c I out its equal for brilliancy, sim-;; run Quart Port or
For Men and Women I piicity and economy. Cuts your Sherry 21 c ',',
lHa ; at these prices without this;! u!j 9hS H ifSJiIITtfTJWW
*x - - <<• : '\u25a0- x --'-' i~ r - •- " ~ ' ' coupon. \u25a0 ' '
&^S2,aSS.^ Good for Wid-rfv. Qcto-j ; S U "A« Bff'.SSS ;;
horn handle, either, for men or ber 25, only. . • ' regularly for 40c for
women, regular price II 50, for ; . nnnrcoc '
93c Each PRAGERS \ 21c Bottle
Even at %1 50 this umbrella ( .* « \u0084 This is extra selected wine and \u0084
was considered a big bargain., A''^ «. / « o»* age and body. Every, bottle \u0084.
Qome early to get best selection M \u25a0 **>%• trffe ' a £?" Q ua , r > 4..
of handles None sold at this, >4|rJ I^7> Wi¥ U^ \u25a0 -^H \u2666 None sold at this price without -
price without this • coupon. No, /Jrl M, £&«&^ & >^T * this coupon.
more than 2to a customer. No ifl %P \u25bc ~W~ ~ (^ ' Not n»or« than 2 bottles to a -
BAND OF YAQUIS
PUT TO FLIGHT
Special Dispatch to The CaJL
TUCSON, Oct. 24.— Captain D. Barra
gan.; at the head of twenty-four Federal
soldiers, put to flight nearly a hundred
Yaqul Indians Sunday in the vicinity of
El Teras, on the Sonora Railroad. Six
savages were \u25a0 slain and fifteen seriously
wounded In the fight, which lasted \ two
hours and a : half. The Indians Uried to
surround the Mexican soldiers, but .were
forced to fall back by a veritable rain of
bullets 4 from -the repeating rifles with
which the Mexicans were armed.
The soldiers by holding their ground
succeeded In 1 exhausting the ammunition
supply of the Yaquls and the latter \u25a0 re
treated to the hills closely pursued
the Mexican , company. During the pur
suit several v hand-to-hand conflicts oc
curred and ' nearly f thirty; Indians were
made prisoners, in addition to the wound
ed, • who "were left on the field of battle.
When the mountains . were / reached the
Mexicans gave %up the fight. Seven of
th© twenty-four} soldiers received serious
wounds in the engagement.
Near San Jose de Guaymas Sunday four
cowboys from the V Prado -'.: ranch * were
slaughtered' by" a band of nineteen sav
ages. ' Near Capillo in the Srlzspe dis
trict, a- band of Yaquis attacked a wagon
train loaded with supplies, killed three
teamsters . and \ plundered the outfit.
LIQUOR'S r OPPONENTS
J . /GIVEN- A RECEPTION
• LOS ANGELES, Oct. 24.— A reception
to. the, visiting ,- members,, .officers and
delegates ;of the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union, who .are in the city,
to : attend i the ' national -. convention li of
the \ union, "-.which opens \u25a0; here i next ', Fri
day, was, given to-night' at the Cham
ber * of ; Commerce. : . A* programme \u25a0 of
speeches and 'musical numbers was ren
dered. The delegations from New.Tprk,
New Jersey, "Connecticut,; Indiana and
Representatives iof several j other, 1 States
arrived. to-day. v, They^were^ met at .the
varlous'deipots by. reception committees'
and escorted "to their - hotels, r About a
hundred;^comprising r the , New York,
New- ; Jersey Jand .Connecticut 'delega
tions, V came in : over ' the r Santa ; ; Fe. The
Indiana -. delegations came In over- the
Salt • Lake -- road. : On ;. the first X section
of -the* train -bearing these delegates
came " Mrs. '\u25a0\u25a0 Lilian : • M.' N.' . Stevens,*na
tional | president ; of the union, ' and 'Miss
Anna ' Gordon,-: thefnatlonalf vice presi
dent. , Other a; national* officers arrived
late to-day/and. to-night.
'ACCUSED Of BETRAYAL.— Mias Alice Hn
lett, :969A Howard' street," \u25a0 obtained > a -.war
rant * froip C Police a Judge t Cabanlsa ; yesterday
for - the \u25a0 arrest ' of Ray \u25a0- R. I Fouts on . a , charge
of I betrayal i under I promise :of marriage.- \u25a0* She
\u25a0aid - she . had \ repe atedly \ begged c him to j keep
las sromlse. '
SAW THEIR WAY
OUT OF PRISON
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO. Oct. % 24.— With a
hacksaw probably stolen' from the work
men 'building the addition Ito - the coun
ty jail Harry Ward, • serving ; six .'months
for breaking jail at Redlands; John
Frlsch, serving a like period for beat
ing a board bill In this city; Edwin Wal
ker, serving one hundred days for petty
larceny at Ontario, and Wesley Stewart,
serving twenty / days for carrying con
cealed weapons, cut through an iron bar
In one of the lower windows of the coun
ty ' Jail this morning and . escaped. The
men with, sixty-five others were sleep
ing In the corridors of the jail, which is
too crowded to allow any but felony pris
oners to be kept In the cages. There are
over 1W prisoners In the Jail and their
safe • detention Is almost impossible until
the new jail Is finished.
The American Cigar. 8 for 25c, beats
the world. Mattheas & Co., distributors.*
FRENZ GETS WAGES.— United States Di»
trlct Judge de Haven yesterday (rave Judgment
awarding- Herman Frenz $390 as wages as
master of the schooner Del Norte, R. D. Hume,
the owner, to pay the same. Frena sued for
#672. \u25a0 .
-Dr. Decker." dentist. 80S :' Market; specialty
Col ton Gas for painless extraction of teeth. *
\u25a0 ESTATES APPRAISED.— The inventory
and appraisement of the* estate of the lato
Louis Elkus was filed yesterday, the apprais
ers fixing Its value at $91,651 23. The estate
of ' Leopold Auerbach was appraised at $139.
907 96. SffiSSffifsflnsßtiHEßßSntZls
A "MAIR-SAVER" that grows to pofwlsrtty.
CSOIIISIGKI G^QiNG-l^ <yQNE!U
iriwcioi tiu"ttK"ff. - wificiK wtliuii n.» ' — -niuT^rtrtungj.-
HE NEEDS A^CUARDIAN
TM business man who It too busy to" took after, d*n4ruff-whlcb to • contastom ™*Z*?r*L'*'
\ bis health and personal comfort needs a rurdlan. bre's HerptcM* sbouM N . we - It ewe* 4an4-
To notice d«ti«ruff and faliinf hair Is beneath rnfl a»4 stops falltaf bab\by f*L tro ?H t i?*
his Idea of business L«ter when liKurable bald- *«?*2? rf^S\iin f iv^rl ntxY *****'**-
ness comes he will waste money trylnr to ovet-. STOPS ITCHING INSTANTLY.. <
Orof Stun. l\M. Swl 10c, stwps. H MOriCIBE CO, pe*t ». UtnO. Ukk.Wi napfc
Newbr.cs Herpicide
* .
' -.jAt ieadiii Drnac' Store* Vr Sent Prepaid from Detroit. Jttlch.. ap«n receipt I
O* tLOO. Application* «t prominent BarWrShogt. I
WOULD LYNCH
AUTOMOBILIST
Special Dispatch to Tie Call.
LOS AXGEX.ES. Oct. 24.— Belloring fh«f
W. R. Rees, an automobile man. >*»^ de
liberately., ran over an aged woman with.
his big car, a crowd of workmen to-day
mads a determined effort to rent their
rage upon him, and amid cries of "Lynch
him" they handled him very roughly be
fore his Innocence was made .clear to
them. Rees was In no war responsible
for the accident, but was unfortunate
that tie passed the spot Just at tin In
stant he did.
Mrs. Thomas Laughlin of 1915 D&rlea
street, a woman \ tut advances years, at
tempted to : alight from a Washington
street electric car at Hoover street. As
she did so the car was started and she
was thrown violently .to the ' street and
sustained very serious injuries. At tha
instant she fell Rees happened to pass
in his automobile. He cleared th» woman
by several feet and did not se« her fall.
Hearing a shout he stopped and then ran
back to render any possible assistance to
the woman 'whom h* saw lying In the
street. *
- A party -of workmen had witnessed part
of the accident, and to them It appeared
that the automobile had run over the
woman. They . made matters lively for
Rees for a few moments, and he .was
obliged to take refuge on the car.
Electrical machinery has taken the
place of that driven by steam in several
of the principal mineral oil works In
Scotland. , *
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0' ' ''\u25a0 -\u25a0-•\u25a0\u25a0 i \u25a0••\u25a0\u25a0 : c— :—: — ; — - .
JOHN D. SPRECKELS .'...........'..'.'.'. .. .Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO • • ' . \u25a0
johx S«<rXAUGiiT. ._. \u25a0 • j^-jjj^jj • -_\u25a0 mj ;; ; •-.•••• •-•-- ;V — Slu^^^^l
rrDLICATIOx'orFICsT ."...THIRD AND MARKET~STREETB. SAN FRANCISCO
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 25, 1905
PRICES IN MANCHURIA.
1 A
THE effect of the war upon prices in Manchuria is very marked.
Land has risen about 75 per cent, and the necessaries of life have
advanced 50 per cent. The commercial awakening of the prov
ince is everywhere in evidence. Japanese and other merchants, are
on the ground, and the farmers are getting prices of which they
never dreamed in the sleepy days gone by. .The. usual effect of, war
everywhere is to raise prices. War is destructive. It destroys, and
consumes at the same time that it reduces production. By eco
nomic law the vacuum has to be filled, and. as • the demand: is out
of proportion to the supply the price rises. In some things, the
former low level of prices is not restored.
Manchuria is a very fertile country.* Its crops are those of
the temperate zone in this hemisphere. Prices reached their lowest
level there during and after^the &oxer rebellion. This was probably
due to the imperiled safety* of property and to apprehension which
followed Russian occupation and the subjection of civil adminis
tration to Russian military control. Now there is a feeling of safety
and security. Property rights are respected. The Japanese are
paying high rents and high prices for business property, and the"
commerce of the province is open to the world. The wages of labor
rise with the prices of the necessaries of life, and it seems likely that
hereafter, and permanently, wages will be higher than ever before.
The high prices of products call for greater skill in their production,
and as labor is first under the law, that conforms wages to productive
power, greater skill will send wages still higher. The effect will be
to more nearly equalize the wages of Eastern Asia with those of
the rest of the world.. The people in this country who have been
alarmed by the prospective competition of low wages in Japan and
China with high wages here have not taken into account the pro
ductive power of labor in- thel two hemispheres. With this will
come greater trade between the United States and Eastern Asia.
Dr. Jordan, who is the closest observer of economic conditions in
China and Japan, says: "Those without money and with nothing
to sell cannot buy. Give the Chinaman at home the chance that he
makes for himself elsewhere. Then China will be no longer a water
melon to be cut up by robbers, but a nation to be respected. Then
we shall realize the dream of Chinese trade. There is no trade with
a pauper state. It is said that our much discussed commerce through
the open door of Mukden is less than th£ trade in eggs and chickens
between Detroit and Windsor, in Canada. To us of the Pacific,
in the trade center of the world, China will be our best customer
and Japan our most helpful mediator. A Chinese metaphor de
scribes China as the giant who crosses the river. Japarr the dwarf
upon his back. But the dwarf can see farther than the giant and
deeper into the water. So as they move along, to. the giant he
points out the deeps and shallows and depths in the stream. Some
day the stream will be crossed, the helping hand no longer needed
and the two shores of the Pacific will be inhabited by great and
friendly nations, whose mutual respect will be good for both, and
whose trade will be a source of mutual enrichment."
As this view was uttered before the report of rising prices in
Manchuria crossed the Pacific, the condition is confirmatory of the
prophecy. What has followed war and peace in Manchuria will
follow in Korea as the result of the hegemony of Japan. Enlight
enment will illuminate the hermit kingdom. Prices ami wages and
wants will increase and Korea will take her proper place in the
awakening of Eastern Asia. It is idle to say that Japan can do all
the trade and take all the profits. Her situation in the East is al
most exactly that of Great Britain in the West. . She will be. a large
buyer and a large seller, as Great Britain is. Di\ Jordan says that
less than half the arable land in Japan is under cultivation, and, not
withstanding the efforts of the Government to improve the me
chanics of agriculture, the processes followed are the most primi
tive. Japan has no wagon roads, inadequate railroads, no horses, no
cows, no sheep, no hogs, no butter, no cheese, no orchards, no vine
yards, no fruit, no turnips, cabbages, pumpkins, squashes, scarcely
anything to show in agriculture, except rice, tea, lacquer and silk.
From this may be measured the work of leveling up that has to be
done to increase the wealth and wants ot the people. In the doing
is education, increased skill and broader enlightenment.
WITH the death of ex-Congressman Simpson passes one of the
most interesting personalities that has appeared in American
public life. 'From his youth he was at the front, where storm?
were and battle. After good service as a soldier in the Civil War
he was a sailor on the Great Lakes, where he rose to be the com
mander of a merchant fleet.
He went into politics in the Populist movement in Kansas and
served three terms in Congress. In the House he was the most
noted free lance that ever sat in that hall. He was an intimate com
bination of the characteristics of Sunset Cox, Ben Butler and Blame.
He had readiness and aptness in repartee, power in epigram and a
saving common sense that made him a general favorite. When
the Philippines were under discussion he made an extreme speech
against our course in the islands. It went to the last limit and
roused the Republican side to a red rage. -r
The reply was made by Cannon of Illinois, now Speaker of
the House. He spared no words in denouncing the Kansan. In his
peroration he said that if Simpson's speech had been made in Manila
he would have been tried by drumhead court-martial and shot to
death as a traitor. The situation became intense and the sensation
acute. Instantly Simpson took the floor and said: "I would much
prefer being decently shot to death like a soldier in the Philippines,
to being fired at on this floor by an old muzzle-loading, rusty cannon
from Illinois."
' The sensation exploded in a roar of laughter and the House in
merry humor went about its business. A man less wise would have
taken Cannon seriously, and declaimed about the freedom of speech
and the guarantees of civil liberty. But Simpson saw the humorous
side of things, and when he left the House no scars nor grudges were
left inflicted by his hand.
Notwithstanding the wild political theories which he advo-'
catcd, he was a worker and a good business man. ' The whole coun-.
try will be glad to know th^t after leaving public life he prospered,
and that his family, for which he loyally cared, is left with a good
estate, thanks to. his industry and foresight. Of all the Populists
who were swept into power, he is most kindly remembered, and his
old colleagues in the House will be in spirit among the mourners.
Wonder if there isn't more than a coincidence in the fact that Oregon
is to remove the stripes from its convicts just at a time when some of its
leading statesmen have been convicted of gross land frauds? — New York
Herald.
An Indiana man. the father of triplets, has. named them after the
, President, Teddy, Roosevelt and Theodosia. Really the ' President should
trrt a middle name for such emergencies. — Chicago News.
The greatest objection to the proposed State of Sequoyah is that to
pronounce it correctly necessitates the aid of a hefty chew of tobacco.—
Louisville Courier-Journal. . \u25a0
The man who took life insurance in sbrne companies finds that he
af>sisled in providing liberally for the wives and children of the directors.
-Washington Star. . •
\X \y\\ be a good thing for the country when college rowdyism is no
longrr tolerated under the guise of college sport.— Washington Post.
Unlike the policy-holders, tHe McCurdys had only to live. to. win.— -
York Herald. \ y V -
JERRY SIMPSON.
THE \ SAN FRANCISCO. GALL, rWEDNESpAY^^OCTQEER 25 r 1905.
SHAKESPEARE UP TO DATE
D ROMIO OF INSURANCE— RETHINKS YOU ARE MY GLASS."
SUNFLOWER PHILOSOPHY.
A man hates a weeing woman. A
man would as soon eat»bad oysters as
kiss a weepingr womanT"?
It is surprising how cmuch less pa
tience it takes to handle a husband
than to do a dinky bit of fancy workt
\ \u25a0
About the funniest • thing in the
world is a fat woman when- she tries
to assume a pathetic expression.
Decisions after mature reflection are
so often wrong that greater, respect
should be paid the decision of a penny
coming down heads or tails.
Even if a married raf-n doesn't com
plain he can never sympathize with
the troubles of a man Jwho is unmar
ried, s
The girls, who are looking-for hus
bands should^ snatch tbem out- of^ the
boarding houses. A man who boards is
appreciative of the wors<". home cooking
on earth.. .....''-,
Have you noticed how often of late
a man -is killed lying in bed, and that
his .wife is always acquitted?
An Atchison'; bride who thought* she
had good judgment because she picked
on a * wedding: day which had good
weather finds that she showed mighty
poor judgment in picking out her hus
band. . ..v.'ryiv»-\v -".^ '\u25a0-' m
There should be a barn to every
home; a place for the boy to go when
he feels bad, and for father to" hide
himself when there is a death and he
wants to conceal his grief from his
neighbors.
Where, did you last see this quota
tion: "Fools' names . and fools' faces
are often seen in public places"?
We have often wondered if there is
anything in the average statement that
the police are making: a diligent search.
There is one thing dead sure: Chll-
Jren are not going to love their parents
more through being reminded that their
parents always kept them in food and
clothing.
You probably spend considerable
time abusing a citizen you do not like.
What good does it do you? It makes
you feel uncomfortable and the chances
are it has no effect whatever on • the
success of the one you abuse.
In a well-known picture of Daniel in,
the lion's den Daniel is represented as
bald. Why this unnecessary insult to
Daniel? Who knows that Daniel was
bald? It was a brutal and unnecessary
insult on the nart - of the artist:; it
would have been just as easy for him
to represent Daniel with a head of
curly hair. • : \u25a0
The fall and winter lithographs are
appearing in the windows, and they are
particularly good this season. In a
late one a pastor is a hero. A'drun
kard wishes to whip his wife and chil
dren,'but the pastor happens along-. and
says: "They belong to my flock, and
you can't lay hands- on either one."
We'll bet the people in the audience
applaud when lie says it.— .Atchison
(Kans.) Globe.
The German Empress is an early riser,
and sits downto breakfast with the Em
peror.. winter ; and summer, punctually at
8 o'clock.
A BOOK OF SCRAPS.
Weakleigh— T L .aori!t see>how
you ; can I. remember.;, the ; names
of all the-;difterent^ nien. you
- have ; fought Jwith ! ' /' I < suppose
you i keep a ' diary ?
. FJtßCorfreys'Jr-"Diary,"noth
in'j! : Call it - me . scrap-b.ook,
"an* let it" go; at that! See?
THE "ACTUAL" LIFE
Angela Morgan
HOW;, we do rebel against the
"actual!" How many bitter
• pangs we experience in adjust
" ing ourselves to itl And yet,
after all, should we not be most grate
ful that we cannot escape "its inexor
| able claim upon us?
Scarcely a day. passes,. perhaps, that
some experience does not remind us. of
the;, sharp .contrast between soul
alms and the gross environment :n |
which we, are set as in an incongruous j
framework of sordid things.
Scarcely a day that we are not shown
how: great is the gulf between v our j
dreams, our enthusiasms, our ideals, 1
and the "actual" life -in which we find j
r ourselves. • j
j There seems to be a cruelty in the ;
persistency "with which [ these . harsh j
contrasts confront us. And -we expos- j
tulatewith fate, crying out against the j
relentless grip which holds us. 1
,; There- are ao-rnany beautiful things 1
we would -dp; ,every instinct, every Im- j
I pulse In us calls for' beauty, for love,
for radiance, Sretw -must do the com
mon things that are devoid of glory
unless we ourselves invest them with
charm. We - must submit to the har
ness of the actual. There is.no escap
ing: the command..-..
• But this is, not, tne. bitterest part.
The hardest of all is in , being com
pelled to take up the common grind at
times of heartache and suffering.
When a great sorrow sweeps us to
the very borders, of the eternal and wo
would rest a while; give'up Just for a
space; when we would try to- heal- our
wounds in silence and ' f orgetfulness of j
the harsher life; when wo pray that,
all touch ofit be removed from us, all
memory of it blotted out— Just a little
while— then It- is that the call of.tha
actual seems the call of a cruel task
master who will give us no release.
We would nurse: our. wounds a little
longer; but the command, is pitiless and
we must obey. While our-soul-shud
ders with Its Sorrow, -'we must \u25a0 force
ourselves to meet the activities of the
\u25a0practical world. We must compel our
selves to be interested in things that
have no nieaninar;. things that mock our
grief by their terrible triviality.
We must pass- t«e salt?' at. table and I
discuss the' news'of the day: we must \
look in shop windows, price hats and
purchase meat at the butcher's. ,We
must: attend to collars- and ties and
shoes. We must listen to the idle talk
of others and put in our word of pre
tended gayety. .
. Always we must pretend— pretend —
pretend. l •; " - ,- : -- X — • \u25a0 •
. And we must smile, always, for the
sake of the general cheer. No matter
how hard grief tugs, we must smile, j
The "actual," the "practical," demands ;
: it of us. , \u25a0 ; '- • -.: r • i
Let us be thankful. ; Instead of a !
taskmaster 7 that gives, us no respite,
this "actual" life- of ours is a friend 1
that would save : U3" from our own j
weakness: ; a teacher that would \u25a0 in
strust iis in, the way .we ; - should go
and compel; us to follow that path.: .
\u25a0•'-' No C. matter what our- dreams, our
soarings, we are/ forced to interpret
all to the, satisfaction of , this in- ]
structor— ln the .language : of the act
ual.: . '\u25a0' '.-- \u25a0': : ; .\u25a0 . "' -.-', '"* ;
•- ;It is the actual. that .takes^our.meas
ure;; It is the actual . that drags us from
a, too selfish grief and J saves ..us from •
'ourselves. Though 'seemingly our |
enemy, this "actual" is ' our. greatest
J friend.'. 'T. : ' \u25a0' \u25a0:-,'.\u25a0.'"
GRAPHIC JESCRiPfIOi
Harrj* Lehr, the New, York and Newport
cot illon leader," narrated > EnglishJser
yant's description of a fashionable dinner.
: "The man : is . a groom," . said Mr. \*Lehr,
"and on account of a /strike among, the
house servants lie was called : indoors, put
into anrihdoor livery and; bidden to -help
pass the ' Plates, • "
"This (is his story' of the /dinner:
"..'Oh, It crand. ;: We stood :in \u25a0 the
hall, -V me and , the : other ; gentlemen ,in
livery, andVtheys. flung \ open ', the] folding
doors and* out Icamd the nomplons, two
and; two; arm -in': arm. ; I 'worj quite; sur-,
prised'; at young." marsteiY j He ; come out
witha skuriipy, old girl almost old enough
to ;be his grandmother, and Y there .was
Miss Mary a-loqkin' -so -beautiful; with
flowers and feathers; and "bits o'. : ;glas3
R-sparklln'.-; I: never made i no . mistake,'
"except giving e*ne old ;'gentlemari mustard
vrong~Bide nndjust a few drops of gravy
down a unbeknown lady's back.' "—Chi
cago Chronicle.", "; . • ' /
U- Townscnd's ,f California'': place ;j fruits
nnd. choicest; Vandies; In-a rtistic:, tire
»:ichod box<"3. i.Yew Btorc.:.T6T^Mark«t. '\u25a0\u25a0*'
Special information supplied daily; to
business ;houses!and; public! men' by the
Press Clippinjr Bureau (Allen'sL Cal
ifornia-street." Telephone Main 1042. •
—NEW YORK HERALD.
SATISFACTORY CONFERENCE
Hearing voices inside the room,, the
.wife; of the -eminent financier paused at
the door of his office and heard this con
versation:
V'Yes, we have several hundred "thou
sand dollars over and above any pos
sible amount we shall need this year for
taking up matured endowment policies or
paying < death claims, which we should
like to invest in good securities."
"You have full power to invest this
"H'm! I am glad to meet you, indeed.
It happens most opportunely that our
firm is about to organize a syndicate
for the exploitation of certain suburban
properties. The security is gilt-edged
and the profits are sure to be large. We
can use a considerable amount, of money
in financing this enterprise." .
"Do you consider Jt personally a de
sirable investment?"*'. >
"I consider it away up in G. It's the
best thing' now on the market."
"Well, I'll, see you again to-morrow,
and we will arrange for the deal."
"Here the conversation ceased.
The wife of .the eminent . financier
waited a moment longer, then knocked
lightly on tha'door and, 1 went in. ' .
"Why, Jasper," she said, surprised at
finding him alone, "I thought I heard
you talking to somebody."
"Quite likely, my dear," he answerea
with a large and genial smile. "I was
talking to. myself."— Chicago Tribune.
DEEP ENOUGH.
BHss Carman, the poet, tells* the follow
ing:
Once when a Boston man and his wife
were visiting a resort near the Spring
field River they went out for a jaunt in
the woods. In some way the man fell
into a small stream, and as he was not
a swimmer he found Jiimself in consider
able difficulty. . Fortunately, however, the
stream was not deep. His wife gave vent
to a' torrent of tears .right Into the
stream. At this the ; unfortunate man
evinced fresh evidence of "the rattles."
Looking up at his weeping wife above
him, he managed to gasp out.
- "For heaven's sake, stop weeping into
the river, or. l'm lost. It's deep enough
already."— Harper's Weekly.
THE -MOLLIFIER.
"Who •is that young: man? He seems
to , be an important; factor?" .
"He ts our mollifler."
"Mollifer? . What does he do? Whom
dees he mollify, or what?','.
•"Well,' the average bookkeeper or clerk
writes a : fiery, saucy ; letter to an irate
customer, so offending him that he with
draws hf s patronage. We hire this man
to attend to' all our correspondence, or
to superintend it, and tojsee that every
reply to a- complaint would disarm", the
resentment of the complainant. In other
words,, mollify him. He's worth $50,000 a
year to the firm; we pay him $6000." — New
York Press. - . -
IN 1955.
',' Yes, ., Harold." . s \u0084
"Mabel, there, is something 1 have
wanted to* say to you for a long time."
"I'm. listening." " .' '
"Have? you ever had insanity In your
family?"
, "No.'^^^PPfe^^^S^PP^
"Have any of. your people died of tuber
culosis?"
"No." .\u25a0.-,-,;\u25a0 .. ...
"Here is a: physician's certificate that
I'm all right. Mabel, will you be mine?"
—Newark News. ' "
AN OTHER POINT OF VIEW
The* CynicTJ-Everythlngr that
. is done has -just been 'done ;
..before. , \u25a0
. .The Gambler— -Excuse, me—
but when <a .j man ' has just \u25a0 .'
been done." ; you'll* find: it pretty
*; hard -to; do. him/again. :
OCCIDENTAL
ACCIDENTALS
A. J. Waterhouse
HORRID \ CRITIC A.\D SWEET GIIll-
C » . SENT that horrid Poeticus my let-
I. est poem,", said; the sweet, es
\u25a0 \u25a0' . 1 -thetic young thing, "and I askcu
him If he wouldn't please criticise
it •if he '\u25a0 thought it worth it. The
note was written on the .very latest thing
in paper, and I Inclosed: a photograph
of myself, too, so that he might see what
I looked like. I am sure that the poem
was perfectly lovely. I don't remembei
all of the poem, but this was one of
the verses:
I f efel a throbf ul yearning in my heart.
And, oh, its yearnful throbbing keeps
"right on, *
For you, my love, who are of my. life a I
part - .
\V hen clays are glad and also when they
are wan.
I do not ask, my darling,, that you should
always bide
In my fond, yearnful, pulsating heart,
But, oh, the moments are so iong and
also so wide
When you and me are quite a consider
- able ways apart. .
\u25a0'What do you think of.it?" the sweet,
esthetic young thing asked.
,'"lt's just too swe«t for anything!" her
friend murmured. „ -
"Well, I got a letter from that horrid
Poeticus to-day, and if you won't tell
anybody what It rays I'll read It to
you." .
\u25a0VI won't ever lisp a thing."
"Well,- this is the way that horrid
wretch wrote: 9v?9l
" 'Dear Miss:— Your verses and photo
graph were duly received. From a hur
ried inspection jjf the latter I. should pre
sume that it would be advlsaDle for you
to cultivate your good looks.'
"What a brute he must be!" the friend
sympathized.
"That's what he is!" the sweet young,
thing responded.
"And so mistaken!" the trlend con
tinued.
But the sweet young thing said notnms
to that. . ;
M'RAZVDY'S DISArr'IXTMUVr.
:-M'randy's had a dretful dliupp'int
ment this las' week," said Mrs. Podger,
as she continued Her knitting.
"Yew don't say so!" the visitor sym
pathetically responded.
:"Yes. I rickolleck well she had a
dretful headache an' was lyin' on the
lounge smellln' pneumonia so's ter
stifle -it, w'en they come a rap at the
door.
" 'It's that young Fllkins.' says I to
her, 'an' llko's not he's come ter pur
pose to yew. You'd better git up an"
meet him, fer it may be yer las' chance,
an.' I've (jot your weddin' tooraloo mos
ready.'
***You mean trousseau, ma," says she,
•an' 1 wish you'd say it.'
'"Perhaps I do an' p'raps; I don't.'
says I; 'seems' ter* me they come ter
"bout the same thing: nowdays. Any
ways, he's rappiri' again an* you'd bet
ter hurry ef you suspect ter ketch him.'
So she set . down the pneumonia an"
went. In 'bout five minutes she come
back an' I seen to once that somethin*
was wrong.
" 'Did he propose?" I says.
" 'Yes, he did!' she snaps out.
" 'What'd you jyis'er htm?" I says.
"'I told him 1 didn't know a dum
thing about it, an' left him. So there!'
she says.
"'M'randy,' I says, 'that's a disre
spectful ans'er fer. a* girl ter make
when -ft man, purposes. • ' %
"'Well,' she says, 'what he purposed
was to ter give pa $25 fer nis red
heifer.' Then she took up the pneu
monia bottle again.an' said she had a
decapitation of the heart an' wouldn't
-say another, word. She's dretful dis
app'nted." \u25a0 .' : v-^
"She must be," the visitor remarked.
A MOTTO FOR 5031E..
Right here is a motto that might apply
To some who would be good fellows
"Were it not that their talker is all too
epry
And their larynx Is like a bellows.
They mean cyilte well, but the tongue
will. race.
Nor lack of ideas dismay it; •
And here is the motto "to fit their case:
If you've nothing to say. don't say it.
Alas for the man who is cornered by
one
Of the clackety-clickety brothers,
For it does not relieve till the talking
Is done ,' . .
To think there are suffering others.
Then get a tight grip on the tongue
that you own,
Its fever to curb and allay it: .
A thought is poor stuff till its partially
grown— . . '
If you've nothing to say, don t say It.
<v You accept 'tainted money" for your
church?"
"I do. brother."
"I am surprised! What makes you do
such a thinjr?"_ /
"Well, it seems necessary. I should
like to see the church prosper: it can
not do it without money, and I never
yet have handled a coin that I could
be certain had not been in bad com
pany before it fellinto my hands."
ROOSEVELT: TO THE TEACHERS.
President Roosevelt,, "the best loved
man in the whole round world." as
Miss Blake called him In a burst of
enthusiasm, was plainly delighted' to
appear before the National Educational
Association, says Ossian H.- Langr, m
the Forum. He spoke as one who,
realized the important bearings of the
occasion upon the welfare of genera
tions of citizens to come. He regarded
the teachers as young Americas true
priests and priestesses, who arj shap
ing the Ideals iJt the nation :> be. He
talked about fundamentals; in a
straightforward way and In a .'spirit
of humane charity. His predominant
purpose seemed to be to "impress upon
his audience- the supreme duty of
heading the young in the right direc
tion. He" warned especially against. the
false notions of "success" which a
narrow commercial spirit has fostered
Into wide acceptance and which the
newspapers have magnified Into popu
lar, idols. These was no extreme state
ment. His phrases .were carefully
chosen. It -was the voice of wisdom
,that seeks' not after plaudits," but for
the" spreading abroad of truth.' "\u25a0
The teachers of -New York City, by
careful organization, strong- and per
sistent argument, and 'wise .manage
ment, induced /the State Legislature a
few; years ago to" pass the Davis-Ahearn
bill assuring to them something like
just compensation. Superintendent
Maxwell, then as now firmly believing
in £ good i pay * for teachers, placed the
whole weight of » his influence In sup
port of , the .'measure, although his board
of 'education "wasj arrayed against it.
Mr.: Roosevelt was Governor- of -' the
State at;the time, and when he signed
the bill ' he ; said: "Teachers -do - so ', im
portant a work for the State that they
should be ' encouraged by adequate
pay." That-as President of 'the United
States' he still adheres to this oflttilon
was evident' from his address at^As
bury Park., in : which he - exclaimed :
"You teachers -make ; the Whole world
your debtor. . If . you iHid not .do .your :
work well.'Uhls republic would noten-j
dur'e beyond;: the: span of the genera
tion. -You substitute for ' the '! ideal 'of
accumulating money the infinitely "10f
..... "--.\u25a0
THE SMART SET
Sally Sharp
. Mr. and - Mr?. Timothy Hopkins gave
a small dinner in the Palm Garcler* 6i the
Palace Hotel a fe^v <iay» ago. entertain
ing Miss Mary Kohl and E. 3. PiUsbury.
• • •
Mr. and Mis. I* Eugene Lee will be at
home thl3 evening in honor of Mrs.
Beatrice Priest-Fine. The afTair, though
informal, will inclmle a large number of
guests.
Miss Alma Thane will give the third of
her series of teas to-day in honor of
Miss Evelyn Clifford, a dozen ma:dd to
bo gathered informally at the Thane home
Miss Xell Rose Baggett will entertain
at cards Friday afternoon in honor of
Miss Ursula Stone.
The game will be five hundred and will
be held in the apartments of Mrs. Bag
gett at St. Dunstan's.
• * •
Mrs. John Grant Sutton will be one of'
the early November bridge hostesses,
having pent out cards for the afternoon
of the 2d. at her new home on Jack3on
and Baker streets.
|jwj • • •
Mr. and Mrs. Moses Wllford Faltoute
(Florence White) were guests of honor
yesterday at a luncheon given by Miss
Florence McDermott^ who entertained a,
few friends* to say farewell. Mr. ai^ 1 "
Mrs. Faitoute leave for their New Yor*
home Saturday. 808
' • . * *
Miss Marian Huntington and Miss
Louise Redington are preparing to go
south very soon to be present at th«
wedding of Miss Hazel Noonan and Dr.
"Walter Gibbons on November 15.
| ...
Numbered with the coming attractions
of the Sequoia Club is the art exhibit
to be held the first fortnight in Decem
ber in the clubrooms, all the artist mem
bers to hang new and hitherto unseen
paintings, pastels and miniatures.
. . •
Another marriage in Southen California
which will call some of the bay city
people is that of Miss Bowena Moore and
Paul Selby. who will be married Novem
ber 1. Among those going from Saa
Francisco are Miss Edith Selby and Mis»
Marian Walsh, who will be members of
the bridal party, t
• * .
\u2666 The new home for the San Francisco
Nursery for Homeless Children will bo
open for inspection to-morrow afternoon
and evening. The building, situated on
l^ake street, near Fourteenth avenue,
may be reached by the California street
electric line.
• • \u2666
j The studio of Mrs. May Mott-Smith
Bird on Sutter street has beeh filled all
week with visitors to view the artistic
bric-a-brac and ornamental designs which
will be on exhibit for the coming few
days. Sagi : ,
Professor Charles Zueblin of the L'ni
versity of Chicago will speak to-night at
the California Club on "The New Civio
Spirit." the lecture to take place at 3:15
o'clock in the California Hall. 1750 Clay
Mrs. D. F. Ragan will be at home to
morrow, from 3 to 6,* in honor of Mrs.
Eugene E. Scbmitz, card's- having been
issued for a large number of callers.
The affair will take place at the Ragan
home on Haight street and Central ave
nue. • * f
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Goelet of New
York, who* arrived on the Siberia, left
yesterday for the East.
. • •
Mrs. Charles M.' Flckert was among the
Siberia's passengers who arrived Monday,
haying- spent. a few weeks in the Orient
with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. H.
Wallace.
•• . *
, Miss Pearl Landers left yesterday for
New York for a -trip of several weeks
through the East.
• • .
Mr. and Mrs. Antolne Borel with their
daughters will arrive in town to-day
from their country place at Menlo to
occupy their Washington street home
until December. At that time all the
family will leave for Europe to be away
for a year, visiting principally Switzer
land.
•» \u2666 •
Miss Gertrude Thompson, the anthw*
has taken apartments at the OccidensC*
to remain through the. winter..
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
COOKING SCHOOLr— A. E. R., City.
This department docs not advertise pri
vate enterprises, therefore cannot girm
in the Query column "the addreses of
cooking schools In San Francisco."
FREDERICK THE GREAT— V. T.,
Santa Clara, CaL The address delivered
by President Roosevelt on the occasion
of the unveiling: of the statue of Fred
erick the Great was published In The
Call. November 20, 1904.
CONCEALED WEAPONS— A. 8., City.
In San Francisco it Is a misdemeanor for
any one to carry a concealed deadly weap
on, except such person be public officers, a
traveler or a person having: a permit to
carry a deadly weapon concealed. Such
permit is obtained from the Board of
Police Commissioners.
JAPAN— G. H. L.. City. -An examina
tion of tfco procedlngs of the Russo-
Japanese peace commissioners as pub
lished In the dally papers of this city
will - show that Japan did not ob
tain all it "£sked for, and what that na
tion demanded is undoubtedly what It
wanted when, it went to .war.
RETURN THEM— W.. Ogden. Utah! fe
a man and a woman have been courtinjt
and have exchanged letters.' photographs
and gifts and then courtship i 3 annulled
without explanation, the parties should
return to each other letters, photographs
and gifts, as under the conditions neith
er ought, to care to have anything be
longing to the other.
• BUILDINGS-rA. E. B.' This department
has not been able to find any compara
tive statement as to the height of tl^a
highest buildings in the world. Th«
\u25a0 height of some of the tall structures of
the worM is: Antwerp Cathedral. 47S
feet; Strasburg Cathedral. 474: St. Peter's
Church. Rome, 4^S; Cathedral at Milan.
353 feet. In New York City, the tallrst
building is Park Row. twenty-nine sto
ries. 382 feet, then' the Pulitzer building,
twenty-two stories. 375:6. The height of
the Claus Spreckels building In San
Francisco Is 327 feet- .
COPYRIGHT— J. S. 8.. City. -To securo
copyright on a piece of music the party
desiring such must send to the Librarian
of Congress at Washington. ,D. C. a
printed copy of the, title of the composi
tion, together with . the fe». 50 cents.
This \u25a0'. mu3t be done not later than the
day on which the composition is published
In this or ». any ' other country. By writ-
Ing, to the Librarian of Congress you will
be s turrrfshed a blank form' of application,
. which will, enable you to ;make request
for' copyright without possibility of a
mistake.-
tier ideal of devotion to work worth
doing, simply for that work's s.-»j^>.
There " are \u25a0 few movements in which (
raor« thoroughly believe . than .In tho
movement to secure better remunera
tion for our •teacher*."SOCIETY WAR
IN HONOLULU
Mrs. Robert Wilcox, Former
ly a Princess, Endeavors to
Lead the Island Smart Set
«
>SUE MEETS OPPOSITION
Claim That She Entertained
an Italian Prince Brings
Forth an Official Denial
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HONOLCLI', Oct. 24. — One of the
amusing incidents of the visit of. Prince
Ferdinando of Savoy on the Italian
cruiser Calabria was the rivalry be
tween the Italian society of Honolulu
and one of the Princesses of Hawaii
under the monarchy. It has led to
a semS-ofiicial denial By Italian Con
sul Lar.z that Prince Ferdinando called
upon or accepted the hospitality of the
Princess Theresa (Mrs. Robert Wilcox)
and warm assertions by the lady that
she not only received the Prince at her
Kapahulu place, but was presetted by
him with a locket with his picture^in
it and a tine bracelet.
In response to this Count Moriondo is
said to be authority for the story that
th* man entertained by Princess
Therrsa was a petty officer of the Cal
.'; bria.
It seems that the Princess did enter
tain a "Prince," whom she introduced
with much eclat to many Honolulu peo
ple as Prince Kerdinando. The func
tions which this "Prince" attended
were duly reported to the papers and
in one instance the account was
printed, with the result that the Italian
Consul denied that such had been the
case.
Princess Theresa was prominent in the
reception of Mr. and Mrs. William Jen
nings Bryan when they were here and
has excited a good deal of comment by
her assumption of the social leadership
of a certain set.
SHEBIFF MUST XOT
C/BSTJiUCT STREETS
Long Says City Official Is
Liable to Arrest in Evic
tion Cases.
City Attorney Longr yesterday advised
the Board of Public Works in an opin
ion to the effect that the Sheriff is
amenable to the law prohibiting the
obstruction of public streets just the
same us an ordinary citizen. The opin
ion was in answer to a communication
from the board named as to whether
the Sheriff could not be procefeded
ag-ainst when he places household fur
niture on the sidewalk while evicting
tenants who fail to pay their rent. The
furniture of a Mrs. O'Day was bllowed
to remain on the > sidewalk on Tehama
street, near Third, and complaints were
tiled regarding the danger from the
obstructions. Long's opinion says:
1 have been unable to find any law or
decision of the comae which gives the Sheriff
the rieht to use the public streets as a place
of ttorage in. ejectment proceedings. If tne
dispossessed tenant does not receive his jxt
# "niil property on the sidewalk the Sheriff
ji.ay not permit it to remain there and become
an iHeyal obstruction and nuisance. (Gaert
r.er vs. Bues 100 Wis. 109; the Commonwealth
vs. Miliiman, 13 S. & R. Reports. 403.)
.Yoa ar- accordingly adv:sed that it Is ynm
duly b* give proper notice to the owner aria
occupant of the house and the Sheriff to re
move said obstructions Jrom the . sidewalk,
and tbat if after the said notice is given
•aid obstructions are not removed within the
ttae epecified by your board it then becomes
your duty to remove th« same: and youi
powers to proceed asrainst the Sheriff are the
tame as would apply to any other individual.
The Board of Works at once served
notices on Sheriff Curtis and also on
the owner of the house from which
Mrs. O'Day was evicted to remove the
furniture from the sidewalk and ar
rests will follow if their notices are not
obeyed. Curtis submitted the matter
to his attorney, who advised him to
remove Mrs. O'Day's furniture to a
warehouse, which was done.
>~>vr American Industry.
The "Nestor" Cigarettes are widely
known to smokers as the pioneer Egyp
tian cigrarette of America.
To better compete with the large
number of imitators who have endeav
ored to produce a so called Egyptian
cigarette at a lower cost, the "Nestor*
people are about to open a large fac
tory in this city:
They have leased 20,000 square feet
of /loor space and Mr. Nestor Gianaclis
of Cairo is in this country to supervise
the new factory.
There have already arrived in the
United States nearly 1000 bales of
• Turkish tobacco direct from Cavalla.
This Is one of the largest, if not the
largest, shipments of Turkish tobacco
ever made to this country.
It is at Cavalla that Mr. Gianaclis
stores and ships all his Turkish tobac
co to Cairo.
With the same quality of tobacco and
with Nestor Gianaclis to blend and su
perintend the manufacture, the Nestor
cigarette of Oriental fame will be ex
actly duplicated here, with the advan
tage to the consumer of 15 to 20 cents'
reduction in the price per package.
ZubrKr Will I.erture.
Charles Zubelin, professor of so
ciology in the University of Chicago,
will talk to-night on "The New Civic
Spirit" at California Club Hall. 1750
Clay street. Mr. Zubelin is noted for
his clear diction and his comprehen
sive grasp of municipal problems. He
has given the matter years of study
from every point of view, and his so
lution of the difficulties in the way of
making a perfect city will be eagerly
listened to. "The New Civic Spirit"
is the mental attitude man should take
toward the city he lives in, and the en
deavor to make that city a model In
g-overnment, in architecture, In sanita
tion, in adornment and last, but not
least, in morality, is certainly along
the line of development that make for
the highest civilization.
ADMINISTRATOR NAMED. — Nicholas
Tvjtzftrann, h brother of the late William
H. WitztTr.ann. who lost his life in the break
er's n^ar the Cliff Houye on June 22, notwith
standing th* heroic effort of his companion,
M!f.f Ada Joseph, to sa\-e him, was appointed
administrator of the personalty effects of the
deceased --einerday. His bond was fixed at
$1000. i-r:.---
POSTUM CEREAL.
WHEN jj
DRUGS FAIL |
Try leaving off Coffee and use j
POSTUM
FOOD COFFEE |
In its place. ||
It will solve the problem. ||
ACTRESS WHO WILL. BE SEXN
at the; grand opera-house
SUNDAY.
ANOTHER TREAT
OF FUNMAKING
Ade's "Peggy From Paris" to
Be Given Twice at Grand
Opera-Honse Xext Sunday
George Ade's merry musical play,
"Peggy From Paris," which has scored
distinct hits and achieved long runs in
New York, Boston and Chicago, will b:
presented at the Grand Opera house, next
Sunday, matinee ai.- night only. The
cast which will interpret it will be the
one that made the play famous in the
East. It includes Arthur Deagon, Julia
West, Clara Martin, Olivette Haynes, Eva
Bennett, E. H. O'Connor, Percy Bronson,
Minnie Olton, Thomas L». Burton, Thomas
Drew and the famous Emmaleen Chorus.
In "Peggy From Paris" there are fifteen
changes of costume for the chorus alone.
Of course not all the girls have to change
fifteen times, for different ones appear 11:
the various musical numbers. It is dis
tinctly impressed upon the public ' tha^
the two performances of "Peggy From
Paris" announced for next Sunday can be
the only ones given, as "Ben Hur" opens
the following night.
A lioua Fide Statement.
Herman Lesser is occupying the
storeroom, 1057 .Market street.' He
makes the following- statement, that he
will leave no stone unturned in order te>
do the clothing: business of San Fran
cisco. He will sell high grade goods
for less money than any other store
keeper can afford to sell. The volume of
business is what he is after, therefore
he is selling all this week men's all
wool stylish tailor made suits that cost
516 for $8 65. They go like hot cakes.
Every week something new in the line
of clothing at 1057 Market street. •
PERSONAL.
Lieutenant Michailoff is at the St. Fran
cis from Mare Island. • -
Joseph Ulmer, from Frankfort - on-
Maine, is at the St Francis.
Commander A. C. Almy of the United
States Navy is registered at the St. Fran
cis.
T. Machida, S. T. Nakeyama and K.
Mogi. from Yokohama, are registered at
the St. Francis.
J. P. Lippincott, one of the officials of
the United States Reclamation Service, is
booked at the St. Francis.
E. W. Clark, a prominent banker of
Philadelphia, is registered at the St.
Francis, accompanied by his wife.
William N. Fairbanks, a well • known
citizen of Dawson, Alaska, is at the St.
Francis, where he will stay during the
winter.
C. B. Wells, manager of the Walluku
Plantation, on the Island of Maui. arrived
on the Ventura yesterday from Honolulu
and is at the St. Francis.
E. A. Fraser and N. E. Gedge, well
known citizens of Hilo, Hawaii, arrived
on the Ventura yesterday and are stop
pins at the Hotel St. Francis.
Dr. Frank E/Rodolph will leave to-day
for Berlin, Germany to complete his
studies in medicine. He expects to be
abroad for at least twelve months. *•
Samuel G. Fulton, well known in rail
road circles, returned from a trip to
Monterey yesterday, • and is at the Balti
more. He was accompankd by Mrs.
Fulton. .
Californfana In New York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.-— The following
Calif ornians have arrived in New York:
From San Francisco— H. Toland, at
the Gerard; M. W. Rosenhine, at the
Hoffman; J. M. Chase, at the Grand
Union; W. R. Gilbert, at the Nether
land; J. J. Holtmann, at the Hoffman;
D. C. Mitchell, at the Astor House; FJ
P. Stone, at the Westminster.
From Los Angeles — F. A. Mason and
wife, at the Grand Union; E. H. Mudge
and wife, at the Ashland.
BARTENDER IS ARRESTED ON
CHARGE OF' GRAND LARCENY
Emery C Clay, bartender in Joseph
Fischer's saloon, 83 Third street, was
arrested early yesterday morning by
Policemen Tillman, Ruggles and Dauer
and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of grand larceny. Clay's father
i is one of the most prominent "men In
Ventura County, having been County.
Treasurer for many years.
Joseph Lummis, a- stranger, who has
a room temporarily at 205 Third street,
was in Fischer's saloon early yesterr
day morning and fell asleep in a chair.
The police' say he was drugged. His
"purse, containing $40,' was taken from
his pockets, it is alleged, by Clay and
$3 in silver substituted.
The police are detaining Abraham
Hart and Allison C. Wendler as wit
nesses. Each changed a $20 gold piece
in adjoining saloons, and, itis alleged,
brought the change to Clay. Police
man Tillman saw Clay hide something
behind the bar and found that it was
five $6 gold pieces.-
ITHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAYS-OCTOBER 25, 1905:
JAPAN'S PLANS
IN THE ORIENT
Secretary Hioki of. Legation
at Washington Says Amer
ica Has Nothing to Fear
TALKS OF IMMIGEATION
Believes That Discharged
Solaiers Will Not Seek
Entrance to United States
CLEVELAND, Oct. 24.— Ekl Hioki, First
Secretary of the Japanese legation at
Washington, delivered an address to the
members of the Cleveland Chamber of
Commerce this evening, his subject being
"Japan, America and the. Orient." In
view of the fact thafHloki's address was
practically the first official . utterance
irbm a Japanese source concerning the
situation in the Far East since the close
of the war, it was considered as slg 7
nificaht, and attracted much attention^
Hioki said in part: - , .
Seeing that certain questions are receiving
more or less attention of the thinking class
of people in this and other countries it may
not ibe without value to express at this | op
portunity my humble views on them."
First — The yellow peril. In spite of the In
Suence which once it gained the doctrine of
the yellow peril seems to have lost its; hold
on men's minds, at least In America.
Second — Japan has no designs ori the Phil
ippines. If a bona fide statement of respon
sible parties fails to convince, let us try a
brief ' argument. Laying aside entirely for th.6
moment, for the sake of argument, the con
sideration of the' motive of Japan regarding
the present subject, let me ask you a ques
tion. Can you believe that this great Ameri
can people, who glory in their national spirit,
in their gigantic strength, in their boundless
wealth, in their marvelous development and
: who look forth with proud and confident an
ticipation to the time when they shaal b*
the Hist in the race civilization has set lot
man to run. would allow their flag to b»
lowered, be it In the Philippines or any othei
place which legitimately belongs to her. by
any hands but their own? No, most . em
phatically no. That is the spirit with whlcn
you cling to your new possessions in th*
Pacific and that ought more to be the spirit
of the Americans than the . Japanese. There
fore, if Japan harbored such a sinister de
sign as is attributed to her she must bt
prepared to plung in a war far more gigantlo
than the one just ended, against a nation to
which «he owes much what she \u25a0is to-daj,
and whose people she owes that moral and ;
j financial support so unreservedly given at tne i
mo,?t critical period in her history. No; th«
Phi'ippines are not worth the sacrifice of sucn
a valuablp friendship as that of America and
the enormous losses in men and money which
such a war would necessarily entail.
Third — The open door policy in China. Th»
increased prestige of Japan turned the eyes
of the world toward the problem of what
Influence Japan will wield over China. With
out questioning the value of the principle*
contained- in the so-called Monroe doctrine oi
its applicability to the western hemisphere
at present, I can simply say that such an idea
has not entered into Japanese minds.
Fourth— Japanese -influences in China ar»
beneficial to the whole world. It ia a matter
for congratulation for Japan, as well as for
all other nations, that there is a fair pros
pect of the increase of Japanese influence in
China as a result of her Increased prestige.
Fifth — Industrial and commercial develop
ment of Japan. The .last war with Russia
has increased the national debt of Japan ta
the amount of , $900,000,000. the interest on
which alone requires nearly $15,000,000 .-.an
nually. It is indeed a heavy, an enormous
burden and every dollar of it. Interest and
principal, must be paid.
Sixth — Japanese immigration into the United
StateE. It is seen frequently printed In news
papers that when the war with Russia it
over and the army of 700,000 men in Man
churia is disbanded, the Pacific Coast will
be flooded with Japanese immigrants. Such a
statement cannot be regarded as an expression
of a serious opinion, because, unless that
enormous army of Japanese had at once de
scended from the sky for the purpose of war,
there can be no reason why its disbandment
should cause any increase of immigration to
the -United States or anywhere else. Th'er*
ts every reason to • believe that Japanse im
migration to the United States will consider
ably decrease.
Seventh— The future of /the Orient. The
Orient, with more than half the population
and more" than one-third of the land of the
entire world, and with a commerce amounting
only to $3,000,000,000 annually, that is only
a little over one-seventh of the total trade
of the world, offers almost unlimited possi
bilities for future development."
Bontn Arraigned for Murder.
Chilion Bowen was arraigned before
Judge Lawlor yesterday on a charge
of murder under the indictment of the
Grand Jury and the case was continued
till to-morrow for the defendant to
plead. The matter was laid before the
Grand Jury because the attorneys for
the idefendant raised some technical
points regarding the jurisdiction of the
Police courts. Bowen shot and killed
W. W. Stephenson of Washoe, Nev., in a
lodging-house on Larkin street, where
he had been consorting with Stephen
son's wife.
MME. EMMA EAMES
The Greatest American Prlraa Donna
shows her appreciation of Lablache — America's most perfect Face
Powder. An exemplification of what science and skill can produce as a
complexion beautifier and a toilet necessity to women of refinement. * '
\ Mr ' ?7n^ur°LabL^ F ac , I We have thousands of letters
I EMMA BAMBS STORY. \ Ues "* """"y ol
LABLACHE FACE POWDER
Insist On having the genuine. Dear Sir,— At I have used your Face 1 1
' Substitutes are not Only Unsat. Povtdtr for a long time, ,l am [firmly
Isfactory, but frequently- dan. %%tiffiS£tfl}Zv% '* '* " '*"
SerOUS, on aCCOUnt Of being com- Believe me,/ery trulrjoun,
pounded of poisonous drugs. zeljede lussan.
It is our, aim to use only the highest-priced, purest and most efficient in-
eredients known to science In the manufacture of Lablache Face Pow» \u25a0<
der* believing it better to give our patrons full value for their money than
to expend it in large, illustrated and j extravagant advertisements, as
Lablache Face Powder^ells on its own merits.
Flesh, White, Pink or Cream, Jo cent* a box. .
Sold everywhere or by mail. Send io cents for sample.
BEN. LEVY & CO.; IFrench Perfumers,
"; 125 KINQSTON STREET, BOSTON, MASS.
I UNIVERSITY SCHOOL"]
University ; v
Preparation for
Boys of
ArtAur C. Wfllard, 5.8., Prin.*
- M*M.lMt.T«ch;i
2310 Clay St;; S. F. ;
r> r% TT C II I 7 C "FOR BARBERS, BAK-
oKUoilljD er8 > bootblacks. . bath-
** l>l> W~f *.*" ' houses;? billiard tables,
brewers. \u25a0 bookbinders, „ cajidy « makers,*- canners,
dyers, flour : mills,' foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, . shoe factories, . sta-
blemen, ur-roof«rs,' tanners, -tailors. -'etc: r
y '' : : BUCHANAN BROS^^ ' v .:
Brush Sl anuf acturer*. 609 Sacramento St
HISTORY MADE
BY M'KINLEY
First Conviction Scored [in
-New Government Building,
Dr. the Victim
THIED CRIMINAL TRIAL
Devlin and Black -Unlucky
i in the First and . Second
by No Fault of Theirs
The first conviction , by -a trial jury
in the new Government .building .was
recorded yesterday, and 'Assistant
United States District Attorney f: : Ben
Lt. McKinley is credited ' with what
ever of glory is due to i that historical
achievement. The victim who thus un
willingly became the shining \ example
for the exigencies of- history, -was Dr.
Lawrence Llewellyn She^rrod, alias C.
Backus, alias. J. IN. /Brown,' alias 'L.
Llewellyn, alias Health Appliance
Company,- '• alias Vacuum v Appliance
Company, alias Vacuum Medical Com
pany, alias Vacuum Dispensary- Com
pany.
He of the aliases had been' indicted
for sending obscene pamphlets through
the mails, his nemesis being Postofflce
Inspector James O'Connell, alias Dilling
ham. O'Connell, under " the r alias of
Dillingham, wrote to; Dr. Sherrod, ,fe->
f erring to his advertisements in the
daily papers and asking for one of his
pamphlets. He got it by mail and
forthwith arrested his would-be bene
factor. Sherrod was ordered to ap
pear for sentence at 10- a. m. to-day.
The jury, on account of his genteel and
distinguished appearance, recommended
him to the clemency of the court.
Sherrod has been in trouble before.
Under the names of Dr. Lawrence and
C. Backus he was arrested on March
23, 1904, by Policemen W. H. Cannon
and E. H. Mills for having obscene
literature in his possession. He gave
his name in the Police Court as J. N.
Brown. He was convicted on the fol
lowing day and paid a fine of $50. «
This was the third jury criminal trial
held in the United States District
Court room, the first being that of
Cress Unger, in which the jury, dis
agreed, and the second that of George
Wright, who was acquitted. These two
cases were vigorously: prosecuted by
United States District Attorney Robert
T. Devlin and Assistant United States
District Attorney A. P. Black.
DENIS O'SULLIVAN SCORES f
SUCCESS IN SONG RECITAL
Renders Works by Composers of Sev
eral Nationalities, Aide* by Ae
companlat Frederick Maurer.
Denis O'Sullivan gave a song recital
last night In the Alhambra' Theater,
delighting his audience with gems
which might be termed songs-cosmo
politan, for. they represented the com
posers,, of several nationalities.
Among them were good" and quaint
old English songs, such as Purcell's
"I'd Sail Upon the Dog Star" and
Lawes' "When I Listen to Thy Voice,"
and several with words by Kipling.
Then there were Irish airs, old and
new, notably "The Emigrant" and "The
Wearing of- the Green," and two very
pretty things, 1 ; "The Birds Fly South"
and "The Pride of the RiTeys," words
by Patrick Bidwell (Mrs. O'Sullivan).
| The success of the recital' was shared
by Frederick Maurer, whose ; accom
paniments were masterful Interpreta
tions of the composers.
Ask the man who knows. The American
Cigar, made by Regensburg, is the best.*
Sneak Thieves at Work.
J. H. Williams reported to the police
yesterday that 150 feet of hose had
been stolen from his house at 103 Web
ster street.
' . A. Wallen, a contractor, reported that
seven window sashes had been stolen
from a new building on Pacific street,
between Leavenworth and Jones.
The Electricar "iospection Company,
11 Eighth street, reported that some
boys had stolen articles from; its
warehouse Of the value of $6 50. •*-"
Conrad W. Fuhrer, 1676 . Page street,
reported that he had either lost or had
stolen from him a violin, valued at
$100, at Haight and Flllmore streets.
' ftin
: M P AL* AGE ;
HOTJSLr
Compressed Air eleajaln* plant
\u25a0 ; Room telephone*. . '\u25a0_...;.
Steam heat and op«n tn*. ? .
. . Perfect' ventilation.'' .- :!'\u25a0'•\u25a0 • . .
; ~ Pipe organ * and orchestra. \u25a0 •- *
Perfect ; Bervice. C " *
>;> Unexcelled , cui«in«.
Every luxury attainable. . .
BASBBA;L£;!
. .at. recreation park.
PORTUNiI FRISCO
TuM.^Wed., Thurt., Fri.. 5at :;.... "8:00 p^m.-
Sunday<Mornln«-.i..".i........... 10:30 a. m.-
ißunday: Afternoon* .V..~.;..~..^,.;.,.i2;30 p. nj.
•;\u25a0"; Admieilon,, Bsc: ; Grand Bt4nd,' tda. -\u25a0\u0084\u25a0""\u25a0
A House Burglar "Talks
jibotitHis jOwn Business
And lit ells \ Housewives what are
the Only Real Protective Measures
i 3 v v v *•» C , i^i v</ V MmJ I.*JL JLJ »\u25a0* 1\ JL v* 111 kJ \* 1 \J X
The Ladies' Home Journal
15 Cents a Copy at Dealers
THE CURTIS PUBLISHING COMPANY, PHILADELPHIA, PA.
'Il:[\j_1 l :[\j_ ..:_'.\u25a0 ....;"_""_.' ..'...'.. __ amusements.
ORPHEUM=^££^
. FRIDAY AFTERNOON, OCTOBER 27.— At 1 O'clock Sharp.
SEVENTH ANNUAL BENEFIT
Under the Auspices of the
ASSOCIATED THEATRICAL MANAGERS
OF SAN FRANCISCO
CHARITY FUND
. Devoted to the Relief of the Sick and Needy In the Profession.
MONSTER CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE
Talent from Columbia Theater, Grand Opera' House. California
Theater, Orpheum, Alcazar, Tivoli Opera House, Central Theater and
' Chutes. - \u25a0-.•\u25a0\u25a0 : Ji
LOOK AT THE ARRAY OF TALENT!
I.ouiaa Tetrasslßl, Gaudenilo Salassn, Camillr D'Arvllle, Denis O.Sull-
ivan. Andrew Mack, Pickaninny Band, Charles Wuldron and Lu-
cia Moore In balcony scene from "ltom«»o nnd Juliet." Master Ilnr-
old Forman, leading people from Central Theater presenting:
; "Turn About Is Fair Play," Twelve Broomstick Witches, Ray-
mond «nd Caverly, O'Brleu and Buckley, Three" Nevaros, Frank
Hayes, Clayton, Jenkins nud Jasper, Carney and 'Warner and Im-
portant others ! ; : %t% t _\u0084;.;
RESERVED SEATS Now on Sale at ORPHEUM BOX OFFICE.
GRAND OPERA
' Performance Begins at 8 o'clock Sharp.
LAST TWO WEEKS TETRAZZINI
•'/*'' TO-NIGHT.
OTELLO
With Petrella, Grange. Angiolettl. Salaam. .
TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY NIGHTS,
. -. : LAST TIMES,*
LUCIA Dl LAMMERMOOR
; .With TETRAZZINI, Bazelll, | GregoretU.
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHTS,'
LA BOHtME -
With Copola, Moreo, _Tlccl, Gravina, Dado.
. SATURDAY> MATINBE.
DIMQRAII
With TBTRAZZINI. Bazelll. .. GregoretU.
• REPERTOIRE FOR. NEXT', WEEK:
Tuesday. "LA SONNAMBULA" ; Wednesday,
"LA BOHEME"; Thursday. "LA TRAVI-
ATA": Friday. "NORMA:"
"Seats onSale for All Performances.
ALCAZAR'H^
". ?7~ " ' "' '"\u25a0 r Business Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. /SAT. AND SUN.
"Alcaiar" Show pleases all."^ — Call.
SOL SMITH 'RUSSELL'S COMEDY.
By Clyd« Fitch— Smiles and Tears— Songs,
:: - \u0084, Children and Sunshine. ' \u25a0
Eves., 25c to 75c; -Mats. Sat., Sun., 25c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— First Time In Stock.
: ; v Plnero's Powerful' Problem Play, *- '
IR I S
;. Virginia Harned's Sensation: •\u25a0
Soon— THE : LITTLE ; MINISTER.
CENTRAL'"I?
' Market Street. '* Near Eighth; Opp. City Hall.'
"*^\ : Phone / BouUi 833. - - - :
\ \u25a0:'/ THIS BVTBNING-iALL WEEK. ;,
JWATINEBS ' SATURDAY; AND* SUNDA Y."
Blg-Beenlc Production of .the Famous Railroad
-. \u25a0 ; ;' '\u25a0 Melodrama, ' ',' ' » •
*Girl Engineer
Thrilling r Scenes ; and {Situations. I
I"opular j Prlce«— Evenings '-\u25a0 10c :to 50e.
... : r ,j.,.;MaUn'e8«',10c.715c.;25c.. •.;_,
]Vext— "BlG-HEARTED JIM. W >
R ;)
m^r e^^BaasBVBsBBBBBSBSsBBasBSBaTcrAVjr
. ri Tiiirii'7 1.11 -rvT'ir'ia. /rantiiimrnnr an'«'nitHitßifVmTTiT**»M>'rT' -if^Sr \u25a0niirT'irf'f l'lrfTiwT^ '
ALHAMBRA
THEATER
TO-MORROW, THURSDAY NIGHT, and
SATURDAY MATINEE. OCT. 2S.
Mmc:Emma EAMES
Seats. $3, $2, ~sl 50 and ft. At Sherman.
Clay & Co.'b. where Complete Programmes
may be obtained. •
? =~f . Baldwin Pl&no Used.
EXTRA! EXTRA!! *" EXTRA!!!
HAROLD BAtER>»AiviST
i-YRIC HALL
Special Requent Matinee
TO-DAY at. 3:30.
Schumann's Etude Symphonique Chopin's F
minor Ballade and the Ride of ttie Valkyries
' Seats. 75c. |1" and $1 50. Box offlte
man, Clay & Co.'o.* "
. BAUER OAKLAND CONCERT
YE LIBERTY PLAYHOUSE.
NEXT -FRIDAY AFTERNOON AT 3:30
Special Programme.
Seat 3 at Box Office of Theater.
Exuberant Vaudeville!
Twelve Broom yilck Witches; Sl^norlna
; Verer«j Clayton/ Jenkins and Jasper t
j O'Brien and Backleyt^Wlrelesi TeleK-
| ';. raphy t Three Neva ros j Raymond and
Caverly i Dean Edsall and Arthur
Forbes and Orpheum Motion Picture*.
; .Regular Matinees , Every Wedataday, Thurs-
i day. Saturday and Sunday. '
Prices— loc.- 2J5c and 50c.
raa iro Tin 11 ' "»
MAJESTIC s
TO-NIGHT AND ALLtTHIS WKEK.
, MATINEES ; TO-MORROW. SAT.; & SUN.*/
: EMPHATIC SUCCESS OF : -
FRANK B AGON
.v ' 'In Nell Burgess' Famous Play,
THE COUIMJY FMR
Next Week— THE LOTTERY OF LOVE.
Soon — "The' Ugrht* Eternal."
By; Martin V. Merle.
In PTeparatlon-^-"If I. Were" King."
Evenings. * 25c, 50c. .73c. Sat. Mat., 25c. 50c.
Bargain Mats. Thurs. and Sun.t'2so everywhere.
iiiiiiilteii
GRAND SSsig
LAST WEEK SfiJSfr ;
In Old Kentucky
FRIIiY NIGHT Grand Bock and Wlnst
miJAI RiOni Dandn X Contest
Note— "ln Old Kentucky" Pickaninnies chal-
lenge all comers. Prizes to the winners.
SPECIAL ~*i*
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE & NIGHT OJfLT.
George Ade's Greatest Comedy-Opera. '
PEGGY FBOM PARIS
2 ££, Next Monday
MATINEES WED. AND SAT. EACH WEEK.
•Zo* Election Day Matinee Tuesday, r Nov. 7.
KLAW & ERLANGER'S STUPENDOUS
Scat Sale To-Morrow
PRICKS $2.00. $1.50. SI.OO. 75c and 50c
' No seats laid aside.
No telephone orders taken.
! Mail orders filled In order received.
I •- ' """,
BUSH STREET
CHAS. P. Hall. Manaser. Phone Mala 13T.
TO-NIGHT — A LI. WEEK.
Matinees Tuesday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
"THE STAR
SHOWGIRLS"
TO-NIGHT AND FRIDAY NIGHT.
COMPETITIVE MIL,rT.A R X \u25a0 DRILL.
Star Show Glrla'Ts. Co.'s C and t). Ist Bat.
Coast Artillery. N. G. C.
Prlces—fEvenings. 15c. 23c. sOc and 75c.-
Matinees— 2sc Reserved. No Higher.
Next — "THE JOLLY CRASS WIDOWS.*'
COLUMBIA STSZ
Nishtly, Includlnic Sonday—Mat. Sat.
The Noted Irish Comedian.
ANDREW
MACK
- IN : HIS GBEATEST SUCCESS.
"TOM MOORh"
Next Monday — Knights of Columbus Night.
Andrew Mack In "Tcnj Moore." .'\u25a0
Next Mack play— "The Way to Kenmare."
On hl» way here— The jolllest of them all— .
•THE PRINCE OF PILSEN."
BROWNING and WALLY
And. a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Evening: In the Theater.
RIDE ON THE CIRCLE SWINGS '
VISIT THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD: '
AMATEUR NIGHT: THURSDAY!
RARE ANIMALS IN} THE ZOO! j
ADMISSION ....... 10c { CHILDREN.. 8a
See Mtenon, the Pound and a Half Baby.
.; In the Infant Incubator.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.^
The Reigning* Sensation !
ROLLER SKATING
MECHANICS' PAVILION RINK
EVERY AFTERNOON* AND EVENING.
Admins lon 2Uc. Ladles Free at Mat*.
910
SPORTS
PAGE
CONFIDENCE IN THE BIG BLACKSMITH
MAKES HIM A FALSE FAVORITE
Rival Gladiators Will
. Eliminate Boxing
From Work.
Both Appear Ready to
Give Fight Fans a
Good Run.
The followers of the fistic game evi
dently have a great regard for that right
hand wallop of Al Kaufxnann"s. for yes
terday they were willing to bet 10 to 9
that the former Olympian would emerge
victorious next Friday night in his battle
with Philadelphia Jack O'Brien. This is
surely a false price, but 6O long as the
bettors are willing to take a chance, it Is
t:p to them. They make the odds and will
have to abide by them.
Not many big wagers have been record
ed so far. Most of them are of small
sums, made by frknds of the big black
smith who believe him to be the suc
cessor of Jeffries. Zick Abrams last
night took the O'Brien end of a $200 to
Jl6O bet. If this pace continues Kauf
mann win enter the ring a pronounced
favorite, though it does not seem, possi
ble.
Under the advice of Billy Delaney.
Kaufmann did no boxing yesterday, nor
will he again don the mittens until he
enters the- ring at Woodward's Pavilion
next Friday evening. The ever-cautious
Dtlaney has the youngster in grand con
dition now, and will see that no acci
dents happen to Al's hands before the
contest. Kaufmann's work, prior to en
tering the pugilistic game, was that
which falls to the lot of a blacksmith,
and as a consequence his hands are ex
ceptionally strong, and his bouts have all
ended so quickly that he has had little
chance to hurt them. This is a decided
advantage in his favor, for once a fight
er injures his hand he is bound to favor
the tender member in spite of himself.
Jack O'Brien ha's also cut out the box
ing stunt. His long: experience has taught
him that a man in the ring without two
good hands does not amount to much.
<~s unen knows that as soon as his op
p"onent realizes that one hand is weak.
and that he has nothing to fear from it.
and does not have anything to guard
against but the uninjured mitt, he will
wade in. Sparring was the only form of
exercise that O'Brien did not indulge in
yesterday. A nine-mile run from Shee
ns n"s to Ingleside was gone over in fast
time. The afternoon's work consisted of
bag punching, shadow boxing and a long
Fe.ssion at the pulley weights. Although
the exercise was a steady grind for an
hcur and a half. Jack finished strong and
did not appear to be effected in the least
by the strenuousness of the labor.
, The seats which were placed on sale at
Greggain's cafe, 112 Ellis street, yesterday
morning, started selling early in the day,
anil from all appearances, most of the
choice ones will be sold before the box
office opens Friday r.ight. I .
PITTSBURG MAY
SECURE NEALON
It begins to look as If Uncle Hank will
not be able to hold big Joe Nealon for
another season. But a short time ago.
the Boston American League manage
ment began to office up to the native
son and now comes Barney Dreyfus of
Pittsburg with 'an offer of $4000 if Joe
feels disposed to take a chance in the
city of smoke.
Offers are coming so fast to the big
fellow that he does not know how to side
ct^p them gracefully. He Is considering
tins latest one with a whole lot of care.
An offer of $4000 for a lad just after
breaking, into the game is some money
and if Joe signs with the Pirates he will
be the highest salaried lad who ever
left this league.
Nealon's ability to wallop the ball and
pick 'em up at first base as well as his
fame as a sprinter have set the magnates
of the big leagues talking. It Is hard
to get a great big first baseman who is
fapt en his feet as well as a good sticker.
Nealon has all these qualities and there
fore the magnates' anxiety to sign him
up.
Ncalon's folks do not want him to go
East and for this reason he is likely to
remain here or retire from the game He
has no reserve .contract with Harris and
therefore can play any place he
I . ELECTRICITY |
1 WeSli IVieil. YOUR STRENGTH. I
1 -^ Why should any man be weak. _
H v^'^^^p^^V^^^^ easy to eas g an^ ' lus " <y as . an >'
I \^ vly^&SgSBEUk lam not performing miracles. I X
[' havc^only discovered that what ||
V rP~iiNoft3 T^lllZ^Gl'-'' :^Wi n! altes a " tm s strength, this steam, O
H this FO^CE in a man is his Ani- j|
B *qffmSlJ3js& \u25a0'^fL ! i^» Xv S^^"^ makes muscles and heart strong, g
* ( When I find a man who has lost n
j! that power, and feels only half a man, I want to give it back to H
El him, and I can do it, for I have done it for thousands. H
f , WHEATLAND. Cal. . M
jl DR. MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Six: 1 have to thank you for naving restored my H
j ! health with your electric belt. I had Jost all ray manly vigor, but after using In
i 5 your belt eteadlly for three months I have recovered my full power. - Gratefully m
H yours. JOE GUTER. B
I Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt I
•^ Will c«re to star cured JVervou* Drl.tlity. Varlcocele, W>aknentt of Any El
If Kind, whether In the Xerve», Stomach, Heart. I.lvrr or Kldnrvn, Hhru- |i
|1 nintlun. Pains In Bark and Shoulder*. Sciatica, LnmbaßO, .Indigestion, ' H
! KruralclwL, Constipation, Dj KpepMla and all other troubles where new life N
I can restore health. . . ra
] Men like -that, or those 'with other troubles which follow a loss of 111
' nature's \'ltal power, I can cure. I can make them feel young, strong \u25a0[P
j and energetic with my Electric Belt. If you are such a man come to m
* me. My Belt Is In a class by Itself. * ||
I Get my book. It has facts you will be interested In. It is free If m
[ you will Inclose this ad. Consultation free. M
I dd. m. c. Mclaughlin, \u25a0;?ix%&g&. 1
y Ofßpe Hours—* a. m. to 8:80 p. m. 10 a. m. tb;l,p. m. Sumlayi.v : . -S
BOXER KAUFMAN IS THE 9 TO 10 CHOICE
PHILADELPHIA'S CLEVER LIGHT HEAVY-WEIGHT BOXER, WHO WILL
ESSAY TO CHECK WINNING CAKEER OF AL KAUFMANN. THE HUSKY
OLYMPIAN. NEXT FRIDAY NIGHT AT WOODWARD'S PAVILION.
MARVIN HART IS WILLING
TO MIX IT WITH KAUFMAXX
Loulnrillc IlravyTreisht Say* He Will
Accept Billy Roche's Offer of a
J51.*»,000 Purse.
LOUISVILLE. Oct. 24. — Marvin Hart,
the heavy-weight pugilist, has accepted
the offer of the Colma Club of San
Francisco for a match with Al Kauf
mann. The club's offer, made through
Billy Roche, calls for an unlimited
round fight for a purse of $15,000. The
offer is contingent on Kaufmann win
ning Friday night over Jack O'Brien in
San Francisco.
Awarded Dried Fruit Contract.
James A. Snook & Son of San Fran
cisco have been awarded the contract
for shipping dried fruit to the Indian
reservations and Indian agencies
throughout the United States. Bids
were opened in Washington and dried
fruits were represented by samples.
California beat the entire East.
wishes next season. It is hardly probable
though that Joe will quit the game, for
he likes baseball too well for that.
Nealon wil probably give the. Pittsburg
people his answer in a few days. Barney
Dreyfus, president of the club, is very
anxious to secure Joe's signature to . a
contract quickly, and for. that reason he
made such a flattering offer.
SENT TO ORPHANAGE. — Thomas, Joseph,
Katie France- and Lawrence Lynch.- recently
taken' from a home cf squalor in South San
FranciKco. were given into th«? oustody of
Mount St. Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum by
Judge Graham • yesterday. The evidence
showed that the little ones were terribly neg
lected by their parents, John J. and Mary
Lynch. • ' \u25a0 - . ;
The finest tomb in Great Britain is un
doubtedly that of the Duke of Hamilton,
In the grounds'of the duke's seat. It cost
over $1,000,000. \
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY; OCrOBER; 25; 1905.
BOXERS STRIVE
FOR TROPHIES
The boxing tournament for the. Pacific
amateur athletic championship began last
night at the Olympic Club and a big at
tendance of fight fans was present. The
majority of the contests were very tame
and failed to create any excitement.
Now that the ordinary boxers have been
beaten the contest to-night and to-mor
row night should furnish better sport.'
F. Flores, an Olympic Club lightweight,
and James Bradley, unattached, furnished
the best bout of the evening. Both of
the boys are clever and the winner was
in doubt until the last minute, when
Flores put several stiff rights on Brad
ley's jaw, -which . won for him the de
cision. In the same class, Willie -Wolff
of the Ariel Rowing Club stowed away
Sam -Wlntraub, unattached, in less than
a minute of fighting. Al Lloyds, a light
weight, beat Frank Burns after three
rounds of "tame, scrapping." •"
Ed.. Ryan, also a lightweight, won the
decision from Joe Mcßride because the
latter got chilly feet after having the
contest practically won. T. Kerwin, an
other lightweight, was given the verdict
over F. Forsi at the end of the third
round. A like" decision was given to
James Lint gar over George Cummings.
In the special class at 125 pounds, James
Ford, a husky youth, showed himself to
be a good one by. knocking H. Carr into
dreamland in two rounds. Sam Mcntz
lasted one round with Joe Kane. G. E.
Earley, an Olympic Club boy, outgamed
Ed._ Jacobs, for the decision. . In the same
class, J. Gilroy won the verdict from Joe
Duggan by forcing the fight: Neither
.youth'- knew 'the first ' rudiments of box
ing. • \u25a0 ..,"\u25a0;. :.: ; ; v. '. . "- i
Among the featherweights, Mike Kut
chqs and J. Erwing furnished the real
slugging match of the evening. The boys
went at it^hammer and tongs, and at the
finish Mlk'e had a shade the best, of It.
The other bout was won by H. Carr, who
knocked, put James Bush in two rounds.
Eddie Graney refereed, while W. M.
Cartwrlght and Stewart Carter acted as
judges. .
MOTHER AND BABY HELPED
BY CHARITABLE PEOPLE
Little Strnneer, After Day's Wniltlngr, Is
Provided Wlth^Full Wardrobe
, ' and Funds.
. The baby born at the Central Emer
gency 'Hospital .to Mrs. Jennie Stone; a
penniless young widow, has made a
host of friends in a day.' When the
infant was ushered -into the world she
was provided with | o-nly the raiment
that .' primeval infants wore. > Pier
mother was without' a cent and, she
thought, without a. friend. Yesterday
the. mother was given a tidy little, sum
by people -who. happened to think just
a moment or two over -what they read
at the breakfast table.
• The little nameless baby girl is pro
vided with a -wardrobe fitted to' the
times.. Shcevenhasa bath-tub, .which
Is, of- course,' an indispensable partV of
the toilet arrangements of an .advanced
young woman aged about 36 hours.
Among those- who were touched by
the plight of the unfortunate mother
I and babe are: R. T. Baccus ;of the
United; Railroads', who deposited $20. t0
their \ account, .and Mrs. L. W. Neus
tadter and^ Mrs.' A. Nightingale,; who
contributed' clothing. :>; !
A man roughly clad in corduroys
walked up to the chief 'Surgeon,
Charles \u25a0 Millar, and put $10 in* his
hand. "For the \u25a0 kid," he S said, i and
walked out. Another man, who • refused
to * give/ his • name," - . left :' $5. - Mrs. •; B.
. Gray, i gave v some pretty. -baby, clothes.
A, little 1 girl, who 'refused.' to:- tell? her
1 name, left a serviceable little bath. tub.
Mrs.' Stone S lost L her J husband about
two - years ' ago. .-"Che ; had \ been • working
In a cannery '.up to v .a' few" days' before
the child ' was born. : :
BUT ONE GIANT
SECURES A HIT
Jimmy Whalen Tosses Up an
Assortment Tliat Baffles
All the Northern Stars
ERROR LETS SEALS WIN
Atz Drops Gates' Throw in
the Opening Inning and
Two Runs Quickly Result
RESULTS OF GAMES.
San Francisco, 2j Portland, 0.
Tncomn, 4; Oakland. 0.
Los Anicelest 7; Seattle, 2.
GAMES TO-DAY.
Portland at San Francisco.
Tacoma .at Oakland.
Seattle at Loa Ang-eles.
STANDING Ol<\ THE CLUBS.
Club. W. L.' Pc, Club. W. L. Pc.
Los Angeles. 4l 31 .569 Portland 82 33 .402
Oakland ....41 3« .532ISeattle 3.J 36 .47S
San F'nciscctfS 37 .so7lTacoma • 23 31) .418
I If Jimmy Whalen pitches baseball for
! the New York Highlanders as he did for
Uncle Hank yesterday afternoon, the
Gotham fans will be tempted to deed
him a sky scraper or a block of stock in
the subway. For, nine spasms, the Giants
were swinging their heads off and only
one. of them came through with a hit.
This lucky man was Van Buren and he
tore one over third base in the fourth
"Inning tnat was just fair by a foot.
Although Whalen was pitching a game
that was a marvel and a sensation in one
combination, there was hardly a shout of
applause from the assembled multitude.
It was the first Tuesday game played on
the Eighth street lot this season and a
fair crowd was on hand, though most
of the regular, steady fans did not know
that a game was about to be pulled off.
on this side of the bay.
Cates for Portland pitched a big league
himself, but an error by Atz in the very
first inning made it curtains for the!
Giants. Waldron beat out a hit and
Mohler soused a nice one to Cates, who
tossed to Atz in the hope of making a
double play. But Jakey failed to make
the sphere stick to his mitt and as it
rolled away .out to center, both runners
advanced a peg. Hlldebrand then re
sponded with a Texas leaguer to the right,
'garden that brought both home.
Only three Portland men reached lirst
base. One hit, the other was hit by a
pitched ball and the third was safe on
Nealon's error. All died there, not one
of them advancing as far as the 'second
cushion, for Whalen had a stock of smoke
and a variety of benders that made each
Giant look like a bush leaguer when he
came to the bat.
George Hildebrand was back in the
game after a. layoff of a week. His nit
brought victory home to the Seals. Mit
chell made a wonderful pickup of Wil
son's choppy grounder back of the first
bag in the seventh, furnishing the sen
sation of the day. Three double plays
helped to cut the time of the game down
to an hour and twenty minutes. The
score:
PORTLAND.
AB. R. BH, SB. PO. A. E.
Atz ss 4 0,0 0 1 '1 1
Van Buren, 1f....... ? 0 1 0 1 0
Mitchell, Ib 3 0 0-0 3 0 1
Schlafiey. '+ 0 J» 0 '- .» 0
McLean, c 3 0 0 0 0 1 0
Mcllalc cf ..'-I 0. b 0 S ;0; 0
Sweeney." 3b.;:: 3 0 o 0 0 1.0
McCreedle, r. f .3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Cates. p.. -_3 _0 _0 _0 _1- _3 _0
Totals 27 0 1 0 24 11 2
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Waldrcn, cf '- 1 1 « 2 0 0
Mohler, 2b ••-* x ° ° :t - °
Hildebrand, If a"* 0 1 0 4 0 0
Nealon. lb 3 0 « 0 M 0 1
Householder, rf . . . . 3 0 2 0 0 0 0
Irwin, 3b 2 0 0 0 2 30
Gochnauer. S3. .... 3 00 0 24 0
Wilson, c 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
Whalen. p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals ...2« 2 4 0 27 11 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
Base hits 0 0 0 10 0 O 0 o—l
San Francisco 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 Ox— 2
Base hits 1 0 0 1001 1 x— 4
SUMMARY.
Two-base hit — Householder. Sacrifice hit —
Invln. First base on errors — Portland 1, San
Francisco 2. First base on called balls — Off
Cates 2. Left on bases — Portland 1, San Fran
cisco 3. Struck out — By Cates 3, by Whalen
4. Hit by pitcher — Schlafiey. Double plays —
Gochnauer to Mohler to Nealon; Gochnauer to
Ncalon, Schlafley to Mitchell. Time of game —
1:20. Umpire — Davis. ,
EMERSOX lI. _S EVERYTHING.
IJuaiher'M .Nice Pitching nnil Engao's
Homer Help Ileut OakN.
The inability of .the Commuters to
connect with the curves and shoots of
Emerson, the ex-busher of the Santa
Clara team, lost another game yester r
d /. afternoon at Idora Park.' Tacoma
won by a score of 4 to 0. Several of
in features were spectacular, includ
ing a home run by Truck Eagan. who
smashed the sphere over the left*"field
fence.
In the eighth inning' Rip Van Haltren
decided to try out young Smith/whose
pitching as a member of the Oregon
i bush league has attracted considerable |
; attention.. . Smith' mn.de. good. Score:
OAKLAND.
AB. .... i$H. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren. c. f... :: o i o 10 o
Krugsr. r. £ .'.... 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
DuA.evy. 1. f 4 0 0' 3 0 0
Moi-kiman. lb ...... 3 0 O 0 7 2 0
Kelley, 2b 3 0 1 0 5 2 ! o ;
Fian.Us, ss... 3 0-0 0 2 41
Richards. 3b 3 0 0 0 2 0 1
Byrnes, c .....3 0 0 0 ."> 0 (•
i-lexrud, p .2 0 0 0 0 2 0
Sm.th. p ...10 10 0 0 0
Totals .... ..20 0 4 0 27- 10 2
TACOMA.
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO; A. E. j
Doyle, r. f 3 0 105 0 0
Sheehan 3b 4 0 0 0 1 6 , 0
NordykeV lb . ... . . .'.' f> 12 It 15' 0 I)
Easan. ss 5 1 1 <» 14 0
McLaushlln; 1. f... .. v 0, O .0 1,0 0
Lynch, c. f... 3.0 10 10 0
casey, 2b .' .....3 1 2 0 1 2.0
Graham c. 4 \> «> 0 2 1 0
: Emerson, p... 3 X 2 0 0 1 v
I Totals ..:'. :..... 3a 4 0. 0 27 14 0
| RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. .
; Tacoma ......... 0 0 0 0 11 20 o—l
|: Base, hlta .. 110 1 1. 2 2 10—1)
Oakland 0 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 o— o
Base hits ". . 0 10 1.0 1 0 0 1—»1 — »
\u25a0- ; SUMMARY.
! Hits oft Blexrud S. " Runs 'off- Blexnid . \u25a0».
Home run— Eajan. 'ihne-base , h:t — tunevy.
Two-base h!ts— Nordyke,-; Smith. vSacrlflc* h tr
[ — Casey,": Doyle. ; First base on criors — Tacjma
2.* : First , base . on called balls — Off Enters jn > i,'
! off Blexrud 3, oft Smith l. - Left o.v.bare.i — Ta
1 coma" 9, 1 Oakland 3. Struck out— By s Emerson '
1; by • Blexrud l;-.'by ; Smith -3. ' Double;; p.ay— i
Eagan v to : Nordyke. .; j \u25a0 Wi.d r pitch— Emerson •
Time of game — 1 hour and. 3o. minutes. Um
l plrea — Hackett and HoKan.- ; J
SIWASHES TAKE^ARIEL TRIP.
Angels Itenp Harvest of Six Run*.' In
. . .' \u25a0 the KlkliUi Inuliiic. *
LOS ANGELES.. Oct., 24.— Los; Angeles
took, the open Ing, game from Seattle; to
day, notwithstanding .that, the
made lone '.more , lilt " : and : three-* less
errors. The 5 eighth inning was Seat-
SIDNEY C. LOVE
COMES STRONG
Takes the Amagansett Stake
Away From .-Monet, Whom
Wise Ones Figured to' Win
CARD EVENLY BALANCED
Gamara Rushes In at Finish
and Manages to Get the
Show by Half a Length
Special Dispatch to The Call. *
NEW YORK, Oct. U.— The card to-day,
white not classic, was evenly balanced,
which always proves satisfactory. Sid
ney C. Love won the Amagansett Stakes
in clever style by a length from Monet.
The latter was played 'from 4 down to
2 1-2 at post time. He got off- well, and
going out made the running a length in
front of Sidney C. Love to the stretch..
Then the latter went to the front and
was never headed, winning cleverly.
Gamara came strong at. the^end and got
third by a half length. The track was
fast. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; handicap; two
year olcs and up.
Betting. Horse. Weieht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to I— Water Dog, 110 (W.Davis) 3 4 % 1 h
11 to s—lnquisitor5 — Inquisitor llti (Miller)... 2 21 2h
4to I— Hector, 110 (J. Martin)..: 1 Ui H
Time, 1 :45. Start Rood. Won driving.
Winner, 8. Paget's b. g. by Water Cress-Lari
mei-a. Lancastrian, Old Guard, Moonshine,
Film Flam, Sceclol License and Gentian fin
ished as named.
SECOND RACE — One and a sixteenth
miles; selline: three-year-olds and up.
Betting. lie rse.Wcisht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to I— Sunravy, SW (Myers). ...;.. 5 \Vi lh
4to 1 — Wy eth, 101 (Wiley) 9 8 2 1
sto I— Flammuld, 103 (Miller)... 3 5%3«
Time, IUS 3-5, Start bad. Won driving.
Winner. Grasslands Farm's br. f. by Potomac-
Barmaid 11. Macbeth. Gold Braid, Jack Mc-
Keon. Goldsmith. Tiuckleya, Lady Jocelyn, ,
Brigand, Danseuse, Niblick, Adlos, White i
Ghes»t and Gilpln finished as named.
THIRD' RACE— Five and a half furlongs;!
for two-yrnr-oldp; sMline.
; Betting. Horse,Weipht; Jockey. St. ft Fin.
(i to ,, r — Looncra W; !»'-> (Sewell)... 2 1 h -14
sto I—Benovoler.t.lOJ1 — Benovoler.t.lOJ fW. Knapp) 4 3 1 2 5
! "» to I— Montanus, »7 (Wiley) 8 5>4 .'5 1
Time, 1:07. Start fair. Won easily. Winner.
M. L. Hayrcan's br. f. by Peep o' .Day-Be«t
Wishes. Cassandra, Aviston. Cambridge, Blr
: niinphnm, Delrr.ore. Curley Jim. Rust and Her
| man Johnson finished, as named.
| FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
I tho Areapanrett stakes; three-year-olds and up;
j sHlinjj allowance?:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
11 to 10— Pld. C. Love. 101 (Wiley) 1 2 '4 11
sto I— Monet; 103 (Sewell) 5 11 2 6
JO to I—Gamara,1 — Gamara, 108 (Garner).. 2 4 Vi 3 M
Time, 1:47 v?-5. Start poor. -Won cleverly.
Winner. K. G. Stutte's eh. h. by Dr. Rice-
Constance IV. Louis H. Palette and Jennie
McCabe flnished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One ana a quarter miles;
threp.-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
.'» to I— Hippocrates. 101 (Miller) 5 12 1-74
1U to 10— M.Rlchardson.lO.'USewell) 2 4 Vs 2 n
30 to I— Banker. 90 ( Wiley) 1 2 1 3.1
Time, 2:07 4-5. Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner. R. Anjrarola'a blk. f. by Llssak-Ha
nor.a. The Southerner, Caronal and Sonoma
Belle finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs:
two-year-old fillies; purse: -
Bettings Horse. Weight, J«ckey. -St. »i -Fin. . ;
sto I— Med. Daisy, 108 (Notter) 7 71M3
10 to I—Swell1 — Swell Girl, 10S (J. Martin) 2 4 V> 2 1
13 to s—Duenna,5 — Duenna, 108 (Miller) 5 3 3 3 2
Time, 1:08. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, A. Shields' eh. f. t>y Meddler-Daisy F.
loUunU.. Bivouac. Usury, Vly. • Skyte, Fanny,
Av/nlngs and Hill Lassie finished as named.
JAMAICA ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Jamaica:
First race, six furlongs — Dreamer 100, v Cut
ter IMS. Kra Filllpo 104. Fiat 104, Blue Coat
lOt, Colossal 101. Janeta 101. Snow King 101.
Ralbert 101. Doctor C 101, Platoon 9ti, Hanni
bal Bey 00. Water Mirror 06. Grapple 00, Maosa
HO. . .
Second race, five and a half furlongs, maid
ens—True Eoy 110. Wlckfoni 110. Tarlac 110.
Sir Tristan ''llo. Hallowmas 110, Melboun.o
Nominee 110. Greenland 110, There Now 110,
Stalnctical IC7. Adcnls 107, Blue - Maml« 107.
Billy Uanaster 107. Full or Fun 107. Roy Scott
: 110. Music Box 107.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing — Andrew Mack 100, Cascine 106, Jane Hol
ly 10(1, Bronze Wing 10.V Cottage Maid 103.
Panlque 103. .DArkle 102, Atwood 101. Gold
fleur 9!>, Robador 9S, Chimney Sweep 98, Am
berjack t>B. Port Aruhtr 93, Shenandoah 00.
Fourth race, • five and a half furlongs. The
Packer, flllles — Zuna 109, Caprice 104, Marvel
I* IC4, Bribery 100, listless UO, Oriflamme 00,
Watergrass 00. Miss Point 94.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing — Itose of Dawn. 110, Lord Badge 107. Atfc
lone 107, Jane Holly 100. King Rose 104, Bronze
Wing 10 1 -', Cottage Maid 102, Crestfallen 102,
Arsenal 102, Baron Esher H)2. Irish Witch 102.
King Pepper 102, Goldfleur 102. DArkle 102.
Novena 100. Critical 100, Rebo 08, Pronta 88.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, han
dicap — Bad News 110. Tongorder 116, Zeala 107,
Cederstrome 10C, Kittle Platt 05, Sailor Boy 93.
JAMAICA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraphy
First race — Grapple, Platoon,
Dreamer.
Second race — Greenland, Adonis,
There Xow.
TT.H-d rnee — D'ArUle, June Holly,
Chimney Sweep. • ,
Fourth race— Bribery, Zunii, Water
Gru.H.H. * , ' \
Fifth race — Rebo, Rose, of Dnivu,
Lord I!;k!k<'.
Sixth ruee— Zeala, Cederj»trome,
Toneorder. . ' -
Weather eloutly. Track f ant. \u0084
tie's undoing. In this round, after two
men -were' out, the locals scored six
runs jon jj three bases on balls, - two
singles and ji double* . Jones. was taken
out; in the middle of this inning and
Miller substituted, but he failed to
check the : , run-getting. The visitors
lost heir heads and - ,threw the ball
around indiscriminately, allowing the
home team to, run. bases and score
without effort. The eight hits which
Seattle secured off Hall were well scat
tered and they scored In but; two in
nings. Score:
; LOS ANGELES.
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bernard c. f...~-- :{ 11 12 10
Flood. ;2b. -3 10, 2 2 3 1
f-mith, 3b ..3 0 0 0 2 4 0
Brashear. s. 5. ....:. 1 1 0 13 B' 2
Dillon, 1b..,. I ,1.1 0 13 0 0
Cravath, r. 1....".;.. 2 1110 0 0
Ross. 1. f........... 3 1 10 1 10
Eagar, c. ......:..... 4 l 10 4 0 1
\V.:.Hall, p .:... 0 2 0 t _o Jj _J\
T0ta15. ...... ....27. 7 7 5 27 20 4
SEATTLE. ,
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bennett, 2b. .....4 i 1 1 2 4 0
Kennett.c. f........ 4• 0 1 0 1 0 0
Walters r. f...:.... 4 10 0 3 0 .0
BlankcnEhlp, c. .. .. . ,3 . 0 1 0 2 10
5tre1b.1b. ........... 3 o 1 0 7 O 0
Croel. 1.f........... 4 0 O 0 2 0 0
Lautcrbom. 3b... 4 0 2 0. 2 0 1
n. Hall, s. 8........ 4 e 0 2 0 4 0.0
Tonoo i) -••\u25a0-\u25a0- .... 3 0 0 0 0 2 O
S;^::::::;:::::^ _o _o _o _o _0 . -^
T0ta15...^...... 34: 2 8 1 »23 7 1
•Smith out for Interference., H
' RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles..::. 1-0 0 00-0 0 6 x— 7
TBas6^hlts: \u25a0--: I" 1 0-1 1,0 0 3:x--7
battle . 0.001 1 0 0 0 0^- 2
•to'hii a ;.:..v0^;i.:;2 o 11J--S
\u25a0SUMMARY.' ,
Hits'off Jones 5. off Miller 1.: Two-bas© hits'
l—R Hall (Sravath. W. Hall, Kane. • Sacrlflc«
hits— Blankenshlp, Flood. Smith. First base on
errors— Seattle H. - Left on bases— Los Angeles
0 Seattle -6. Bases -:• on ~ balls^-Oft '\u25a0 Jones .. (J.
• Struck : out— By \V." Hall :\u25a0[ 3. - by \u25a0 . Jones : 1.
Pas«ed ball— Eagar. ; Wild ,- : pitch— Jones. ;;\u25a0 Hit
by \u25a0- pitched ball— Bernard. ', Time of • game— l
hour and -10 minutes, t Unlpire Ferine.
..,..\u25a0-\u25a0'.,\u25a0.\u25a0'\u25a0.•.- . ' \u25a0 - i: \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 . ;\u25a0.; \u25a0. .
COLD ENAMEL
BASHES HOME
In a Fierce Drive With Dr.
Wang He Beaches the Wire
First in the Mile Event
RAIN MAKES TRACK BAD
Bowling Bridge and Aze
lina Start Off Like Winners,
but Fall by the* Wayside
Special Dispatch* to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 24.— Rain which fell
all morning marred the racing at Latonla
this afternoon on account of the heavy
condition of the track. Scratches were
numerous. The fourth event for three
year-olds at one mile was the feature of
the afternoon. Gold Enamel won by a
head after a fierce drive with Dr. "Wang.
Bowling Bridge and Azeiina dashed
away together as though it were a quar
ter race and led the others by many
lengths to the half mile ground^ where I
Dr. Wang and Enamel drew up on them.
Wang went up the ' front when well
straightened out and appeared all over a
winner. Enamel finished strong and got
up in the closing strides. Three favor
ites won. Summaries:
FIRST RACE — Six lurlongs; maiden two
year-olds; purse: >
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— Hedgethrn, 110 (Nlcol) 12 3 18
8 to I— Roya.l icme. 102 (litre) 3 12 2 6
30 to I—Young1 — Young Sailor, 105 (Aln)ll 5 4 3 n '
Time, 1:1(1 a-o. Start fair. Won easily; Win
ner, J. McJLennan'a b. g. by Dundee-Running
Maggie. Tom Crowe, 100, Ossian 10-, Little
Ben 102; Bourbon News 100, Wizard King 106.
King Abyssinia lu2, Kingsmere 103, Wind
shield KJ'J, Patonville lyj finished as named.
SECOND RACE— MiIe and a sixteenth;
thrte-y ear-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
, 1) to 10— Falernlan, 108 (Morrs) 5 2 4 15
. ."> to I—Harmakis.1 — Harmakis. lu7 (Schade) 3 15 2 4
40 to I— Foxhunting, U4 (Krner) 6 6 h 3 h
Time, 1 :&4 2-0. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. Arthur's eh. h. (4)>by Fonso-Fa
lerna. Dr. Hart 103, Economist 8», Monochord
103, The Bugaboo 111. finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to I— Topic, 10rt (Allen).- 3 1 1 1 H
4 to 5— Detagoa, 10S) (Koerner). 6 2 12 3
10 to I— Ags Vginia, 104 (Hicks) 13 13 4
Time, 1:18. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, B. F. Daube's b. h. (4) by On Deck-
Bonnie May. Rather Royal 101, Euba 88.
Major Carpenter I(XJ, John H. Klrby 101. Sin
cerity Belle 100, Flying Charcoal 10S. Cygnet
109. Jovial 103, Sid Silver 114, finished as
named.
FOURTH RACE — One mile; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. 9i Fin.
3 to' I— G. Enjmel. 10J (Holndtr) 4 4 2 16
4to I— Dr. Wong. 104 (McUaghln) 2 2 210
«to s— Azeiina, »9 (Morris) 1 11 31
Time, I :4S. Start good. Won driving. W in
ner M. D. Miller"s eh. c. by Madison-Enamel.
Regale 99, Bowling Bridge 102. finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-eld«,
fillies: purse: \u0084 _ -
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. ?\u2666 Fin.
2to I— lnsp. G.rl. 104 (Nl~ol) 1 36 11
13 to s— Frch. Nun. 100 (Mclntyr) 4 12 22
15 to I— Woggle Bug. 104 (Swain) 3 4 3 3U
Time, 1:19 1-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. W. H. Fisher & Co.'s eh. f. by In
spector B-Sew!ne Girl. Amsrica II 104 Fl.m
5 104. Queen Caroline- 100, Charge 104, finished
as named.
SIXTH RACE — One mile and 100 yards;
three-year-olds end upward; felllns:
Betting. Hor^e, Weight. Jot-key. St. ** fin.
Even— St. Tammany. 105 (Moris) 5 3 2 IVi
10 to I— Steel Trap. 103 (Nicol).. 4 4 2 2 2
6to 1— Taptola. 110 (Allen) 1 1 1» 3 10
Time, 1:55 1-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. J. V. Strode's eh. g. (b) by St.
Blalze-Seaweed. Lemon Girl 108. Depends 10T,
Stroud 10ii. Ada N 105. Freeslaa 104. Arthur
Cummer 102, Wlntcn 102. finished as named.
L.ATOXIA ENTRIES.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 24. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Latonia:
First race, six and a half furlongs, selling.—
Blue Grass Girl 102, Knowledge 102. Bed
lam 102, Eleanor Howard 102. Aljronquin- 102.
Ueutenant Rice 10.!. Father Tallent 105. Percy
Green 105, Belltoone 107. Jack Rattlin 108.
Delagoa 108, Room Mate 110. Censor 110, Uledl
113
Socond race, one mile and seventy yards,
selling-— Rather Royal 05. Stes Lee 96, Chief
Mllllken 08, John Lyle 101. Katie Powers 104.
Miss Rtllie 104* Van Hope 107, Foxmead 107,
Careless 100. -. » .
Third race, seven furlongs, purse. — Mac
Lynch 05. Plebeian 05, Bitter Hand 05. Sher
rlll 08., Daring PS. Miltlades 98, Don Irent 98,
Theo Case 98, Neodesha 98, Lleber 102. Inter
light 102. Chief Hayes 107.
Fourth race, handicap, steeplechase, short
course.— Henry A. Schroeder 125. Laura X 125.
Ohio King 127, Hopedale IS3, Lights Out 133,
Gould 139. Lord Radnor 147. Sweet Jane 150.
Lola Home 135.
Fifth race, six furlongs, handicap. — Intense
CO. Sneer 00, First Attempt 92. Echo Dale 84.
Mallory 05, Cigar Lighter 96, Mayor Johnson
102. Santon 103. Coruscate 103. Estrada Palma
110, Claude 119.
Sixth race, mile and three-eighths, selling —
Plautus 97, Hickory Corners 97. Eva Clalr 97.
Tete Nolr 97, Lay son 97. . Sea Shark 97. Gold
Bell 100. Rankin 100. Athena IC2. Sister Lil
lian 102. Marcos 102,. Llda Vivian 102. Curate
102, Doeskin 102. ' : -v'-
LATONIA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
I First mee — Lieutenant Rice, Delagoa,
Jnefc Rattlin.
Second I race— John Lyle, Careless,
Foxmead.
Third race— Lleber, Chief Have*,
llnrlnjc.
Fourth race — Gould, Lord Radnor,
Sweet Jane. •
Fifth race— Claude, Intense, Corus
cate.
Sixth race — Gold Dell, Larson,
Athena. >\u25a0->';>.' ..
I Weather rainy. Traelc heavy.
McGOVEKX ACCEPTS
NELSON'S CHALLENGE
Terry and the Bane Will
Fight in Philadelphia
Next Month.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW" YORK. Oct. 24.— Terry McGovern
and Battling Nelson, conqueror of Jimmy
Brltt, have been, practically, matched to
battle. They will probably come together
In December before 'one of the Philadel
phia clubs. The contest will be limited
to six rounds.
The conditions under which Nelson
agrees to fight McGovern were practical
ly accepted by ths latter to-day, and all
that is* needed now; is the drawing up and
signingJof articles to insure, one of the
greatest short battles between little men
that could be arranged. In accepting the
challenge, Joe Humphreys, McGovern's
manager, said:
"Nelson's terms fit us down to the
ground. We will sign articles with him
as soon as he says the word.' Making the
weight 130 pounds at 3 o'clock or 133
pounds at ringside .will !sult us. Of
course there Is practically no city In the
East where ' the bout can be held . but
Philadelphia, so it Is a pretty sure thing
that the big affair, will come off there."
Grove* Put* > Hale to Sleep.
BINGHAM, .Utah. Oct. 24.— Klein
Groves of Salt Lake knocked out Billy
Hale of Denver lh-the fourth round -of
what .was to have been a twenty-rpund
fight here to-night.
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
"KID" WELLER
IS COMING OUT
Noted Layer and Plunger
Will Chalk Up Prices
at Oakland This Winter
FRANK ECKERT WINNER
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
As the air becomes crisp and the water
plpe3 begin freezing -up the bookmaking
brigade in the East are busy packing up
their belongings and heading toward Cali
fornia. Al. Morriswey. a popular and well
known layer, dropped in from New York
yesterday, and from the time h« landed
at the ferry was kept busy disbursing
track gossip. Al says "Kid" Weller. ona
of the most sensational speculators of the
turf, will be out here this winter. Soma
years ago Weller was interested with
Joe Ullman on the Eastern tracks In the
"big store." No bet was too big, and
history does not relate that any of tha
plungers of that day made the firm rub
a price when once it was chalked up.
Kid Weller has made several fortunes,
and then again at times has been com
pelled to hustle for the price. Somehow
or other he manages to land right side
up' though.
Morrissey was instrumental In organ
izing tae Turf Benevolent Association,
and la very enthusiastic over its future.
The membership, which is limited to 230,
is composed almost entirely .oi book
makers 1 clerks. The Initiation fee Is $10.
withan additional assessment of $10. and
In one week J5OOO was raised. At tha
present time there Is an extended waitins
list. On the death of a member $2000 la
paid from the fund to his beneficiary.
The organization Is managed on the co
operative plan practically, none of tha
officers being under salary.
Billy Cowen Is again the heaviest win
ner of the bookmakers on th» metropoli
tan tracks. %
Frank Ec-iert has enjoyed a very suc
cessiul season booking in the East, and
will cut in again this season at Oakland.
Bob Lloyd will also be back here again
to bang up his slate.
Although he has suffered some re
verses quite recently, Joe Rose Is report
ed far ahead of the Eastern game. - His
partner, "English Bill" Jackman, Is said
to be holding his own.
Leslie Cog-gins has returned after a
season spent on the New York tracks.
"Les" brought back "the smile .that
could not be erased," also a bundle of
the noiseless currency.
*Mack Burns, who introduced Barney
Schrelber to the bookmakins: business,
reached here from St. Louis Monday.
Alack put in the summer on the Middle
Western and Southern tracks.
E. C. Hopper, who will again preside
in the stand at Oakland, leaves La
tonia for California about November 1.
Several carloads of horses are expected
out this way from that racing 1 point.
Hyner & Knapp will ship -i string
of eight horses from New York to Oak
land. The latter horseman is tha
father of "Big Bill" Knapp, the rider.
From all accounts received, Charley
Henshall did not have a very prosper
ous season East. Charley recuperates
very quickly, however, and with a few
good breaks can soon roll up a bank
roll.
Steve l'Hommedleu has fallen from
his pedestal again. The plunger. 13
playing them from the ground at the
Southern tracks and Is not particular
about the size of the bet he makes. ,
Among the other heavy operators
that will be out here the coming season
Is Mont Tennes, the Chicago horseman
and bookmaker. Tennes will not bring
any horses to California.
The Dally Racing News has Issued
Its annual form book, giving a com
plete list of the races run at Petaluma,
Seattle. Portland and Sacramento. It
Is for sale at most all book stands.
Following are the conditions for the
opening day of racing at Oakland, Sat
urday, November 11:
First race — Selling purse ?4CO. of which f3O
to second and $25 to third; three-year-old» ana
up: ten pounds below ths scale; each to be
entered at $300; seven furlongs.
Second race — Purse $500. cf which $70 to
second and $30 to third; for two-year-©:cj;
weight 112 pounds; winner of $1000. thre;
pounds extra; of two races or SIOCO, six pounds
extra;' others, non-winnera of a swwpstakea oi
of a race of $500 allowed .four pounds; five
and a half furlongs.
Third race — Selling purse, by subscription ot
' $10 each with $400 added, of which $75 tit
second and $35 to third : for three-year-oicM
and up; twelve pounds below the scale; eacn
to be entered at S4CO; one mile.
Fourth race — The Opening handicap. $2000
added: one mile.
Fifth race — Purse $4CO. of which $30 to se<r
ond and $25 to third; for three-year-olds ami ,
up: ten pounds below the scale; winners of a
sweepstakes of $600 since May 1. five pounds
extra; six furlonsrs.
Sixth r«Ke — Selling purs? S4CO, of which $5O
to second and $25 to third; for three- year-olci*
and up; $3000. weight for age. one pound al
lowed for each $100 to $2000; then three pounds
allowed for each $500 to $10CO; one and a
sixteenth mll«s. :/..;..<
HUNTING
Is one of the most enjoy-
able sports known to .
".mankind, and Marquettc
Whiskey adds joy to the
chase and health and
comfort when the day's
Take it to the woods
Grommes & Ullrich
Distiller*
Chicago, !1L -
\u25a0\ SAN FRANCISCO BRANCH
8 Beala Street
MarQiiette
WhiskeyERROR LIKELY
TO BE COSTLY
Universities of California
Make Mistakelin Omitting
Contests With the Clubs
GAME MAY DETERIORATE
Practice With the Experts
From Other Sections Is
oi Benefit to the Sport
BY I* AUK IYIN'SLOW.
California r.nd Stanford have erred this
year In failing to arrange games with the
athletic ciubs, and if the practice is con
tinued for a few mere seasons the re
sult tviil be a marked deterioration in the
character of Western footbail. The ob
jections that iuay be presented against
-his class of contests are surely of minor
importance in comparison with the bene
fits that accrue when the varsities line
up against the club men.
An inspection of the scores for the last
five years will show that the Olympic and
Reliance elevens have always given the
collegians a good run far their money.
The games are of course purely practice
contests from the standpoint of the uni
versities, and as such are invaluable for
educational purposes. In point of team
work, interference, speea, endurance,
Epirit, discipline and condition, the elev
ens representing the clubs are usually
Inferior to the varsity squads, but in in
dividual ability the Reliance and Olympic
outfits are greatly superior in general.
The club teams are made up of men
who have made their marks in football.
Borne of the players have made the All-
American elevens and most of the others
h»ve been stars of the gridiron some
where. Many of the clubmen have
learned the game under the best masters
In the and know football thorough
ly as It is played east of the Mississippi.
Each lineman and back knows all the
little tricks of his trade. He takes ad
vantage of his opportunity to wriggle
through for another foot after he is
caught. He Is aware of his chance to
gain through running strong or dodging
when about to be tackled, and he can
use his arms and elbows against the man
who is trying to down him.
CLUBMAN HAS CLASS.
On the defensive he gives plenty of ex
ample of how to tackle and smash up
Interference. The line man knows when
to lie down and grab an armful of legs
to stop a mass play, and how to avoid
his opponent to get through to grab the
backs. In short the clubmen have a
full allowance of what we call class In
athletics.
The university football man is theoret
ically as much a student of gridiron tac
tics as of different-al calculus, and in
the average Reliance and Olympic player
he meets a practical demonstrator of the
art. By keeping his eyes open the col
lege man will learn more football at first
hand from the clubman than he can In
any other way. By watching his oppo
nent each member of the varsity may
accumulate information that will prove
vitally important when it comes to the
championship contest.
In playing only with teams from smaller
institutions the university representatives
get merely practice and little information.
No- matter what ability the coach has he
cannot show his pupils the strong fea
ture of every position on the team, al
though he If probably able to do so for
the place in which he formerly played.
TEACH EASTERX GAME.
The club teams, composed largely of
Kastern gridiron experts, have proved
the principal medium of introducing
first-class football to the West. The
cartful coach can do something In this
way. but it is impossible for him to do
a great deal of it. Omitting the club
games will tend to make Pacific Coast
football eectional and partly obsolete,
which none of the -lovers of the sport
d<sire.
In every lin« of business and com
merce the Western man snatches eagerly
at any opportunity to increase his output
through taking advantage of his Eastern
neighbor's experience. His original meth
ods help him so much the more. In foot
ball California, and Stanford should col
lect all the practical information attain
able and then give the gray matter exer
cise on something n«w.
It is folly for two great teams to be
spending the whole fall in learning what
they may acquire In three weeks from
the opening of the reason. The game out
here will retrograde unless the players
are allowed to observe all the new devel
opments. Let the racn get a foundation
with Chaucer, but do not send them to
King Edward's court with no further
knowledge of .English.
MAXY BALL. PLAYERS ARE
RELEASED A.YD EXCUAAGED
President Pnlilam Give* Out List of
"SM-ltche*"' In National League
tor Next Season.
NEW YORK. Oct, 24.— The following
contracts and releases were announced
to-day by President Pulliam of the Na
tional Baseball League: •.-..'.". •
Contracts — With Chicago — Jack Pfis
ter; with Cincinnati — Joseph -J.- Kelly,'
John C. Barry and W. W. Hlnchman;
with pittsburfir— Otto F. Knabe.
Releases^— By Chicago ta Cincinnati,
Jake.'vVeimer; by Cincinnati to.Chleago.
Harpy C. Steinfeldt end James D. Seb-
SIR THOMAS HAS FEELING.
. tS JUS HEART FOR THE CUP
Says He Will Be at Sandr Hook In
»-/.. v 1907v 1907 to Take Another
Chance.-
LONDON, Oct. 24. — Sir Thomas Lip-;
ton expects to challenge for the Amer
ica* cup in 1907. He declared to-day
that he was as keen as ever, and, that
while too late to challenge for 1906, if
all went well he would be at Sandy
Hook with a new challenger the fol
lowing year.
NEWSPAPERS WILL
SERVE AS TEXT BOOK
History Professor to ' Compel
Students to Read
the Dailies.
CHICAGO. Oct- 24. — Newspapers have
been ranked as a text- book at North
western University, and hereafter stu
dents in the American history class of
Professor J. A. James must come to the
recitation rooms prepared to answer
Questions on the news of the day.
In the course of his lecture to-day
Professor James referred to an article
v.-hich appeared yesterday in a morning
paper. Upon questioning one of . the
members of the class he found that tho
student was not prepared to discuss
current news, and an examination of
the class showed that but two of the
members had read a morning paper.,
"This will never do," said the pro
fessor. "Hereafter I- shall expect you
to have an accurate knowledge of cur
rent events ?.s chronicled each day. ln
the newspapers, and I shall consider
It fully >< important as the. daily les
•ons a«8l«rn«d trom the text-book*." 1
STEAMSHIP VENTURA ARRIVES
FROM THE ANTTIPODES.
Brings/ Many Pas
sengers and Large
Cargo.
Volcano in Samoa
Still in' Active
Eruption.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Ventura. Captain Hayward, arrived early
yesterday morning af t«r a voyage through
summer weather from the Antipodes.
She brought 232 passengers and 1433 tons
of cargo. The freight included a largo
shipment of sulphate of ammonia, tin,
wool, hides, tow, flax, rice, pineapples,
coffee, bananas and tropical fruits.
The Ventura left Sydney October 2 and
was 22 days 6 hours and 11 minutes, cross
ing the Pacilic. making calls on the way
at Auckland, Pago Pago, and Honolulu.
She was 6 days, 8 hours and 25 minutes
coming from Honolulu.
W. G. Irwin. the Honolulu sugar fac
tor, accompanied by Mrs. Irwin and Miss
Hyde Smith, came up on the liner from
the island port. Another Honolulu pas
senger was A. S. Cleghorn, father of the
late Princess Kaiulani.
Among the passengers were two very
sick men. both victims of tuberculosis.
One of them. J. K. Brown, ia In the ,
United States Immigration Service, and
has been stationed at Honolulu. He is
on his way to his home In Ohio. The
other invalid is A. M. Vollmer, United
States vice consul at Pago Pago. Voll
mer is accompanied by his wife and is
going to Arizona.
Mrs. Lorrin Andrews, wife of the Ha
waiian Attorney General, was a passen
ger on the Ventura, and also Mrs. E. T.
farle of this city, who has been visit
ing friends In Honolulu.
Kance O'Neill, the actress, was a pas
senger on the Ventura from Sydney to
Auckland. She has been playing In New
South Wales to crowded houses. Spencer
Jones, a theatrical man, who has been
with a company touring Australia, was a
passenger on the Ventura.
Among the liner's passengers were: •
From Sydney — J. A. Appleton, Mrs. J. A.
Appleton. M. A. Ansell. O. AY. Smith. M. J.
Foy, J. A. Anderson. J. A. Groth, Major K.
Witt and Mrs J. Mulligan.
Auckland — \V. B. Strong*. Mrs. W. E.
Etronire, W. -Spencer Jones, \V. Straughan,
Mrs. W. fitraughan. W. L* Straughan, K. 11.
Straughan. A. C. Scrlmgeour and wife.
Pago Pago — A. M. Vollmer. Mrs. A. M.
Vcllmer, D. Vollmer.
Honolulu — W. G. Irwin and wife, Mrs. Ivers,
Rev. O. P. Emerson. N. E. Gfdge. Miss Hyde
Smith. J. S. Ross. Mrs. Ll Andrews and
child. A. Ross and wife. Miss Irwin, D.
Crowley, Miss Andrews. . Mrs. J; H. Porteus.
Miss Oelerler. G. Brown, A. S. Cleghorn. C.
H. D. Smith, C. C. Krumbhaar. C. B. Wells,
Mrs W. D. Newhill, Mrs. Smith. T. J. Ma
loney, Mrs. M. E. Scott, \V. D. Alexander, C.
A. Brown Mrs. A. E. Cooley and son. S.
N'ishiwaki. E. A. Brendt, Mrs. J. H. Burns,
E. A. Fraser, \V. C. Miller. Mrs. E. A. Brendt,
Miss R. Roberts. J. K. Brown Jr.. E. Ames.
O. R. Ewart. Miss A. M. Christian, J. K.
Brown and wife, 11. S. Ames. Mrs. E. J.
Earl and child. Mrs T. O'Donnell. J. AVater
house. Miss E. Whiting. Miss Barr. T. Robin
son. M. Robinson, TV. F. Ewing.
Volcano Sttl Active.
According to the officers -of the liner Ven
turo, - which arrived • yesterday from the An
tipodes, the new volcano in Samoa Is still
active and the lava is gradually creeping to
the sea. \u25a0 ' ..
Afraid of Puget Sound Weather.
The British ship Burmah, Captain Jones,
which sailed yesterday for Victoria, left port
with six of her sailors in irons. Sailors are
very scarce at present or Captain Jones
would have put the mutinous seamen ashore
and shipped other men. Because they found
the ship was going to. Victoria six of the
new crew refused to work. They said 'they
could not stand the Puget Sound climate at
this time of year. Ordinary persuasion availed
nothing. The men would not turn to. There
are drawbacks to the enforcement of orders
while a vessel ia in port, go Captain Jones
ordered that the men who would not work
be placed in irons. When the ship gets to
sea, where Captain Jones will be absolute
monarch, the men will be released and he
and his mate will persuade them to earn their
wages. By the time the men in charge have
finished "arguing" those of the men who are
able will probably be delighted to obey
orders, and by the time 'the Bilrmah reaches
Victoria Captain Jones expects to have a
pretty good crew.
Moore A Scott Get Contract.
The Moore & Scott Iron Works was awarded
the contract yesterday for repairs to the army
transport Sherman. The bids, which were
opened at noon. . were as follows: Moore-
Scott Iron Work*. $2200; Union Iron Works,
$2704; nisdon Iron Workf, $2790; Fulton Iron
Works, *2775. and Yf . A. Boole & Son, |2566.
The Overdue List.
t The vessels on the overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Edmund, 35 per
cent; St. Donatien, 60 per cent; Principality,!
90 per cent; Fortevolt, 15 per cent; Duchesse
de Berry, Hllston and M. E. Watson, 10 per
cent.
AVater Front Xote».
The American-Hawaiian Steamship Com
pany's freighter Oregonlan, Captain Carty,
arrived yesterday seventy hours from Maine.
The Kilmallie, previously reported at Monte
video in distress. Jettisoned thirty-five tons of
cargo, and her rigging and spars were dam
aged In heavy weather.
The Japanese liner America Maru, which
will call to-day for <he Orient, will carry a
full cargo and about thirty cabin passengers.
Th« steamship Enterprise arrived yesterday,
ten days from Hilo. .
IfBWS OF THE OCEAX.
Mntters of Interest to Marinem and
Snipping Merchant*.
The latest charters reported are: The Ger
man bark Noroia. wheat from Tacoma to Eu
rope at 26s 3d ; British steamer Ilford, grain
from Puget Sound to two ports in Japan,
chartered prior to arrival; Norwegian bark
Ekjold, lumber, from Puget Sound to Callao,
direct, 3Ss 9d; schooner Alexander T. Brown,
same buslnets from Grays Harbor to Sydney.
85s. chartered prior to arrival.
Redwood 'or "Snir York.
The chip Aryan was cleared yesterday for
New York direct with 36.C2C pcs redwood lum
ber and 35,305 bdls shingles.
Kxporin by the Puehla.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed on Sunday
for Victoria with an assorted merchandise car
go conslgrned to various British Columbian
ports, valued at $15,811 and Including the fol
°34 1 3^6 lbs 3cs raisins. \u25a0 64,850 lbs assorted
dried frulU. JCOO pkrs fresh fruits, 76 pkgs
fresh vegetables 19.553 lb beans. 20,160 lbs
malt 4C5 gala wine, 22C3 lbs chocolate. 2057
lbs millstuffs. 34 cs 2 bbts calad oil, 51 cs
canned roods, -4356 lbs coffee, IWJ pkgs pasto,
f*S lbs FDlces, 291 lbs cheese, 15 pkgs groceries
nnd provisions. 1060 ft harawood. 34 pcs steel.
£•«'> ncs tile 3 cs paints, : rolls leather, 13 c»
anw an* animunltion. 5008 lbs lead pipe. 3223
lbs fhect lead, 100 bdls roofing paper, C 6 cs
paper" les hats, 1 cs drugs. 4 cs dry goods. 12
Ph Tne°eteamer also carried 258.059 lbs sheet
i^fld valued at $S»6S. en route to Japan, and
is 000 lbs dried fruits. ..valued at J1330. for
Northwest Territory.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydroffraphlc Office. U. 8. N.. Mer
"t-antt" Exchange, • San Francisco, ,Cal..
Tuesday. October 24. 1005. . \u25a0\u25a0< .
The Tim« YaM on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
DUKouw noon o , the jootn meridian, or at 8
n m- Greinwlcli time. J. C. BUnNETTT.
p. m.. ore Ueut£naI it. U. S. X.. In charge.
Sun, 3loon and Tide.
United States Cofu-t and pe°detlc St » vc /'~
Tim* and Height oi High and Low Waters
ex Fort Point, entrance to ; San « Francisco
fcay. Published by official authority oMbe
•superintendent. • : ' \u25a0
NOTE— The Mgh and low waters occur at
thi dty front -(MlKlon-fitreet wharf) about 23
f HE, SAN,vFRANCISCa
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide If the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25.
Sun rises . ... .......... . . . . ". .'•'. -- - . .-6:28
Sun sets .<.'. .....-..........:.;\u25a0.;.:... 8:20
Moon rises .......... ........ ....3:04, a. m.'
D |Time! Time Time!,-' 1 Time
» I 1 Ft. Ft. Ft-j- Ft
?. |L W\ HW[ L'WJ [H W
25~ 2-321 o.B] 9:07] 5.5 3:05' 1.0! 0:24 '5.0
26 a:li' 1.0 0:45 5.7 3:53 0.5 10:23 .5.2
27 4:02|" 1.2;1O:2O 5.9 4:3$ \u25a0< 0.0 11:10 V 5.2
21> I O:1U| 5.2| 5:29] 1.9 11:38^ 6.1( 6:11 -0.6
NOTE — In the. above exposition! of the' tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
band column and the successive' tides of the
day In the order -of occurrence as to time; the 1
fourth time column gives ; the last tide of the
day, except when there are hut three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign preced«s the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the. depth given by
the charts. Tho plane of reference is the me-in
of the lower low waters.
.Movement oC Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. i , From. I Due.
Despatch Portland &, Astoria. .... Oct. 25
Vanguard Humboldt Oct. 25
Aurelia Portland & Astoria..... Oct. ia
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham. . Oct. 25
Del Norte Crescent City ......... Oct. 28
F. Lesgett... 1 Humboldt .............. Oct. 28
Keko ! Hamburg & Way Porta Oct. 26
P0rn0. ....... Point Arena St Albion.. lOct.. 2o
Santa Rosa..' San Diego & Way PortsjOct. 20
Coos Bay. San Pedro & Way Ports Oct. 20
Columbia. ..." Portland & Astoria. Oct. 26
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma. Oct. 27
Mackinaw.... Tacoma ...Oct. 27
Norwood San Pedro Oct. 27
Corona Humboldt Oct. 27
Northland.... Portland & Astoria.... Oct. 27
Acme Wllllpa Harbor Oct. 27
Centralia San Pedro Oct. 28
S. Monica San Pedro Oct. 28
Queen Puget Sound Ports .... Oct. 28
R0an0ke. . . . . . Portland &. Way Porta. Oct.' 2B
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 28
Chehalis . . Grays Harbor Oct. 28
Abydos 1 Seattle . . . v Oct. 20
City Topeka. . Mexican Ports Oct. 29
Breakwater. . Coos Bay Oct. 20
Sea Foam. . . . Mendocino & Ft. Arena. Oct. 29
Arctic Humboldt Oct. 29
H0mer. ...... I Portland & Astoria. . . . Oct. 30
M F. Plant.. Coos Bay & Port Orford Oct. SO
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 30
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 30
State of Cal . . San Diego & Way Ports. Oct. SO
G Llndauer . . Grays Harbor - • Oct. 30
jeani* .- Seattle & Tacoma ...... Oct. SO
Coronado Grays Harbor... Oct. 31
Costa. Rica. .. Portland & Astoria .... Oct. 81
Anubis Seattle .• • Oct. 31
F. Kilburn. . • Portland & Way Ports. Nov. 1
tperu '. .. 'New York via Ancon... Nov. 1
CHyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... Nov. 2
Mongolia China & Japan Nov. 3
Newport..... New York via Ancon... Nov. 4
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
October 25. | I
Oakland.... Sluslaw River.. ..| 5 pm|Pler 61
Elizabeth... Coqullle River. ....I 5 pmlPier 20
Nome City.. Seattle & Tacoma.. | 5 pmlPier 16
M. F. Plant. Coos Bay .1 5 pm Pier 11
Corinthian.. Humboldt ...I 5 pm Pier 2
Germanicus Vladivostok ... 1 Pier 19
Vangruard.. ' Los Angeles Ports R pm Pier 27
San Pedro... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka ; Humboldt... 9 am Pier 5.
Arctic.:.... I Humboldt .......... 9 am Pier 2
Sea Foam... Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita j\ Newport & Way. . 9am Pier 11
Cascade Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
October 26. I
Redondo Astoria & Portland 3 pm Pier 2
J. Hlgglns.. Los Angeles I'orts. 12 m Pier 2
South Bay.. Astoria £ Portland 10 am Pier 27
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor:... :.| 4 pm Pier 20
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier . 9
State of Cal. l San Dleeo & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Noyo ' Humboldt .' 9 am Pier 20
Nebraskan.. Hono. & Kahulul.. 3 pm Pier 23
Newburg.... Grays Harbor .... 2 pm'Pler 10
F. Leggett.. Los Angeles Ports. ll2 m|Pler 2
October 27. .11
Norwood.... Grays Harbor I 3 pmlPier 2
Amer. Maru China & Japan ! 1 pm|Pier 40
Urriatllla Puget Sound Ports.|ll amjPier 9
. • October 28. - ) .-. i
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion[*-6 pmlPier * 2
Roanoke Los Angeles Ports. 16 pm Pier 5
City -Sydney. N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 m Pier 40
Aurelia Astoria &- Portland 5 pm Pier 27
Chehalis.... l Log Angelee Ports ...... Pier- 2
S. Monica.. • Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Centralia... Grays Harbor ...'. 2 pm Pier 10
October 20. i
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.| 9 amjPler 11
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. ll am Pier 21
Corona Humboldt )l:30p Pier 9
S. R05a..... San Diego & Way.f 9 am|Pier 11
October 30. | |
Rainier Seattle & Bell'haml 2 pm|Pler 10
. October :il. I • I
Homer Astoria & Portland|lO amjPler 2
C. Nelson... Seattle & Tacoma. l 5 pm] Pier 20
Breakwater. Coos Bay '...I 5 pm Pier S
Abydos . Hamburg & Way..Jl2 m Pier 19
Northland.. Astoria & Portland[lO ami Pier 27
, ATovcmber 1. | |
Queen Puget Sound Ports. |ll am|Pler 9
v, Xovembw 2 r I
Ventura Sydney. & Way Pts) 2 pm|Pier T
November 3. I |
Costa Rica.. Astoria & Portlandlll amjPier 24
F. Kilburn.. Portland & Way...| 5 pm|Pier 27
November 4. | |
Siberia China & Japan I 1 pmjPler 40
Peru N. Y. via Ancon.. ]l2 m|Pier 40
Anubis Hamburg & Way. 112 mjPler 19
« FROM SEAITLE. . "
Steamer. ' \u25a0 " Destination. : I Sails.
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. l Oct. 25
Portland Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Oct. 25
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 20
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 27
Jefferton..... Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 30
Excelsior..... Seward & Way Ports. . N«ov. 1
Santa Clara. . VaMez & . Seward ...... Nov. 8
Bertha Kodiak & Way Ports. . Nov. 10
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, October 24.
Etmr Samoa, Madsen, 39 hour* from San
Pedro. . .
Stmr South Coast, Paulsen, 16 hours from
Cappar.
Stmr Gualala, Kalnin, 12 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Ventura, Hayward, 22 days 6 hours
11 minutes from Sydney, via Honolulu 6 days
8 hours 35 minutes. '\u25a0•. • ••
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, •17 hour* from Eu
reka.
Stmr Enterprise, Younggren, 10 days from
Hllo. .
Stmr Oregonlan, Carty, 70 hours from Blalne,
put in to finish loading. \u25a0\u25a0.'\u25a0-
Stmr Maggie,' Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Noyo, Lee, 36 hours from Eureka. \u25a0
Bark, Mary L. Cushing, Batch, 40 days from
Eleele. via Honolulu 25 days. ' \u25a0\u25a0;
Schr, Chetco, Denny, 36 hours from Eureka,
in tow stmr Noyo. •
Barge Santa Paula, 24 hours from Port Har
ford, up river direct in tow of tug Sea King.
v CLEARED.
Tuesday, October . 24.
Stmr Bonita, Alberts. San Pedro; PCS
S CO. \u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0".\u25a0 - : .
Stmr Meteor, McFarland, Seattle; PC S S
Co. \u25a0 - ••\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0 '\u25a0 ': -- \u25a0' ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 •
Br ship Samaritan, Parker, Eureka; Meyer,
Wilson & Co. .
Ship Aryan, Sorenson, New York; Hammond
L Co.
SAILED/ .: • |
Tuesday, October 24.
Stmr Costa Rica, Kidaton, ARtoria.
Stmr Grace- Dollar. Olsen, Half moon Bay. \u25a0'
Stmr Newport. Whitney, \u25a0 Pigeon \u25a0 Point, in
tow tuz Sea Witch.-
Stmr Samoa, Madsen. Caspar.
Btmr Santa Crur Cann, Monterey. V
Stmr Breakwater,' Johnson, Cooe Bay.
Stmr • National City, Hammar, Fort ; Bragg.
Br ship Burmah, ; Jones, Victoria, B. C. - .
Schr Mabel Gale. Kallenberg. Portland." •.
• Schr Antelope, Chrletensen, : Siuslaw River. ;
Schr Henry Wilson; 1 Johnson, Grays Harbor.'
Schr Coqullle River. KJellen. TJllamook.: . •
Schr Salvator, Rosengren. ; Eureka, - ..: -
Schr John D. Spreckels, Peterson, codflshlng.
SPOKEN: : j
Sept 22— In lat 24 S, long 40 W, Br ship
Scottish Lochs, from' Cardiff, for Seattle.,
Sept 25— In lat 16- S, long 35 W. Br ship
Andora, from Newcastle, Eng.v for San Fran
cisco. . TELEGRAPHIC ;
POINT LOBOS, : Oct. 24—10 p., m.— Weather
hazy wind SW: velocity, C miles per hour. ' . .
TATOOSH— Oct 24 — Raining; wind south; ve
locity 40 miles per hour. )
>V-: DOMESTIC PORTS. •
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Oct 24— Stmr James
S Higginev hence Oct 23.-
OLYMPIA— SaiIed -- Oct , 24— Schr Robert
Searles," for San Pedro. <
NEAH BAY— Anchored in bay I Oct 24— Schr
Annie. E. Smale, from Port Townsend, for Santa
R< ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr W. H.
Krueer. hence ; Oct 20.' • -.
Arrived Oct ,24— Stmr Whittier, from Port
Harford. \u25a0 " :Jr \u25a0 > ' .\u25a0' .
Sailed Oct 24^ — Stmr Columbia,. for San Fran
cisco. * \u25a0 ' \u25a0 ' " \u25a0 - ' \u25a0 ' \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 - '
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Oct 24— Stmr Norwood, i
for San Francisco. . •: ; '• ' : : • '
- PORT . TOWNSEND — Arrived Ocf 24— Br
stmr Ilford, : from Seattle, ' and sailed : for Ta
cosna. \u25a0 - \u25a0 \u25a0 :' ' \u25a0 \u25a0 - : ' ' ; \u25a0 ' \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 y \u25a0:\u25a0
EUREKA— Arrived Orr . -; 24— Stmr • North
Fork,* with \ »chr r>uillle ) Fjord \u25a0in \u25a0 tow, hence
Oct 22* stmr. Corona, .hence* Oct"23. 1
Sailed Oct 24^-Stmr for San Fran- ,
cuco.^ ; .;;\u25a0- \u25a0. : -
AVeather Report.^
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.) .
: SAN FRANCISCO. : Oct. 24—5 p. jm. -
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for - the - previous day
from various cltfes: \u25a0 < . :''--\u25a0: , ' (";'; :•
Boston i.......... 52-40 New York ...... .64-46
Chicago '.........62-46 Philadelphia .....86-44
Cincinnati .......64-52 Pittsburg ..:....54-48
Honolulu, H. T...80-72 St. Louis ...64-50
Jacksonville .....72-60 Washington 56-38
New York .....64-4R \
..;. SAN FRANCISCO ..... 62-50.
~THE COAST RECORD.
rj S; g o " m *3
5 Hg H? 4^ <»\u25a0 *
3 H333. a 2 g 5
STATIONS. J «c «c p.|. g.o gr
: :S:-c : S . : §
\u25a0, , \u25a0 \u25a0: .3 3 :•.-.:\u25a0.' ::-:,;.\u25a0..:
Baker 30.14 64 38 S Pt.Cldy .00
Carson 30.1S 68 30 E Clears .00
Eureka .......30.26 60 48 W Clear .00
Fresno ..."....30.18 74 46 NW Clear .00
S.E.Farallon 30.23 55 82 NW Pt.Cldy^.OO
Flagstaff 30.14 56 -20 E Clear '.CO
Independence .30.14 .74 42 BE Clear .CO
Ix>s Angeles ..30.12 74 62 "W Clear .00
Mt.Tamalpals 30.25 63 — NW Clear .00
North Head ..30.20 54 50 NW Cloudy .44
Phoc-nlx 30.06 76 46 SW .Clear .00
Pt, Koye-s L't.30.19 66 50! N Foggy .00
Pocatello . 30.23 60 30 * 8 Clear .00
Portland 30.14 62 02 S .. Rain- .12
Red Bluff ...30.20 72 46 SE' Cloudy .00
Roseburg .....30.18 66 4-4 NW Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..30.20 72 44 S Clear .00
Salt Lake ...30.28 58, 36 W Clear .00
San Francisco.3o.24b 62. 50 W Clear .00
S. L. Obispo ..30.18 :76 42 N Clear .00
San Jose 30.22 72 40 NW Pt.Cldy .00
San Diego ...30.03 66 54 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.06 60 50 S Cloudy .46
Spokane 30.00 60 34 S Cloudy" .08
Crescent .....30.06 56 44 SW Pt.Cldy .92
Walla Wa11a,.30.06 72 52 S Cloudy T.
Wlnnemucca ..30.24 70 22 SW Clear .00
Yuma 30.08 82 50 NW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. '
The northern disturbance has moved rap
idly eastward. The pressure is rising from San
Francisco northward, and the prospect of show
ers is diminishing. \u25a0 Rain has fallen from Port
land northward and a maximum wind velocity
of 48 miles from the south has occurred at the
mouth of the Columbia River.
Warmer weather prevails In California. Ne
vada and Arizona. .
FORECAST FOR OCTOBER 25.
San Francisco and vlcinit"—Fair Wednesday;!
fresh northwest wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity —Fair Wednesday;
light northeast wind, changing to westerly.
Sacramento Valley—Cloudy Wednesday; light
south winds. _ •
San Joaquin Valley —Fair Wednesday; light
north winds.
Coast—Fair Wednesday; fresh west winds.
Nevada —Fair Wednesday.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster. .
* —_—', ._v :..\u25a0...,,\u25a0 ————+
Arrived Oct 24—Stmr F. A. Kilburn. hence
Oct 23.
SEATTLE—SaiIed Oct 24 —Jap stmr Kan
agawa Maru. for China and Japan; stmr Hum
boldt. for Skaaway. \u25a0_ \u25a0• . . _
Sailed Oct 24—Br ship Duchalburn, for Cal
lao; stmr Jeanie, for San Francisco.
EVERETT—Arrived Oct ! 24—Schr / Forest
Home, from San Pedro., _
PORT HARFORD —Arrived Oct 24*—Stmr At
las from Ventura, with barge 93 In tow.,
TACOMA —Sailed Oct 23^ —Stmr Czarina, for
San Francisco.
-Arrived Oct 24—Br 6tmr Ilford, from Port
Arrived Oct 24 —Br ship Garnet Hill, from
Victoria; ship Roderick Dhu. hence Oct 17, in'
tow tuir Dauntless. . „ *"
PORT TOWNSEND —Arrived Oct 23 —Br 6hlp
Garnet Hill, from Victoria, and sailed for Ta
coma: Ger stmr Annubis, hence Oct 19, for
POINT REYES—Passed Oct 24^ —StmrNoyo,
with stmr Chetco in tow,, from Eureka.: for
SAN PEDRO—Arrived Oct 24 —Stmr:Scotia,
hence Oct 21", stmr Santa Monica.'hence Oct
21; bark Harvester, from Tacoma; etmr Coos
Bay. hence Oct 21. ' .: ' " _
Sailed Oct 24—Stmr Sequoia, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Coos Bay. for San Francisco, via
way ports; schr Lucy, for Umpqua R|yer.
UNION LANDING—SaiIed Oct 24—Stmr^
Chico, for Fort Braeg. > »
ISLAND PORTS.
LAHAINA—SaiIed Oct 24—Schr Aloha, for
Port Gamble. \i
EASTERN PORTS. .
NEW YORK—Arrived Oct 24—Ger etmr Ve
rona, from Hongkong.. .'„ „ i
Arrived Oct 24—^Nor stmr Gere, from Colon.
. CAPE "HENRY—Passed Oct 23—Br stmr
Britannia, for Baltimore." \u25a0 ,*\u25a0• - \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 nn \S.
PHILADELPHIA^-Arrlved. Oct 2^—Ship
William P. Frye. from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE, Aus. —Sailed Sept 22—Br bark
Invercoe. for San Francisco. In port Sept 30—
Ship Henry Failing, for San Francisco: ship
James. Drummond, for Honolulu; Br ship' Port
Patrick, for Sallna Cruz. \u25a0 ; ;
PAYTA —Arrived Sept 20— Br stmr Hugh
enden, from Valparaiso, for New York. -
PENANG—SaiIed Oct 24 —Ger stmr Albenga,
for New York. \ „„' „ . .
ANCON—Arrived Oct 13—Stmr Aztef. hence
Sect 29. ' "
IQUlQUE—Arrived Sept 30—Ital ship Am
phitrlte, hence June 22. \u25a0 \u25a0 _
LlZARD—Passed Oct 23—Ger ship Seerose,
from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
CORK—In port Oct I—Br bark Caradog, for
Liverpool and San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL—SaiIed Oct 21 —Ger ship Mar
garetha, for San Francisco. ...
PORT NATAL—Sailed Sept 27 —Stmr J. S.
Luckenbach. for Philadelphia. _
RIO DE JANEIRO —Sailed Sept 17—Schr
Holllswood. for New York. <
VICTORIA —Arrived Oct 2i —Stmr Cottage
City, from Skagway; etmr City of Puebla,
hence Oct 22. ' \u25a0 _'„• '
Sailed Oct 24—Jap stmr Kanagawa Maru, for
China and Japan. "cHr;".
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK —Arrived Oct 24—Stmr Astoria,
from Glasgow; stmr; Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse, from Bremen; stmr Statcndam. from
Rotterdam; etmr Finland, from Antwerp.
Memoranda.
Per »tn/r Enterprise— Saw bark 50 miles SW
of San Francisco. . ,
Per bark Mary L. Cushing, from Eleele,
Oct 24— Sailed Sept 6; vessel commenced to
leak soon after leaving port; crew came aft
and requested captain to put back to Hono
lulu* put back Sept 13 and arrived at Hono
lulu' Sept 17, repaired,- and sailed Sept 29.
Per stmr Oregonlan— Oct 23, 20 miles north
Cape Mendocino, passed stmr American, hence
Oct "2 -for Seattle and Tacoma.
HONOLULU, Oct. 24.— Fr ship Ernest Rey
er, '\u25a0••om Newcastle, Aus., is ashore at Dla-
m Fr t sh'p 'Erneet Reyer. previously reported
ashore at Diamond . Head, went ashore about
2 this morning. Inter-island steamers and tug
standing by, but assistance has not yet been
accepted. Ship trying to^save herself. *\u25a0*...
. The Fr bark Ernest Reyer is ashore at
Waikiki. and not at Diamond Head.
HONOLULU,' Oct. 24.— The Fr ship Ernest
Reyer previously , reported ashore, has been
floated but damage is not known at present.
She waa towed off by the tug Fearless and
steamers W. H. Hall and Lehua.
LONDON, Oct. 24.— 8r bark Kilmallie, from
Shields for Tacoma, previously tetiorted hav
ing put into Montevideo, Jettisoned 35 tons
of canto and; has rigging and spars damaged.
WIBELESS APPARATUS
FOR GOVERNMENT TUG
The Lieutenant Harris Will
Have Means of Communi
cation With Shore. ?
The United States ' quartermaster's
tug, Lieutenant 5 Harris, will soon be
equipped "with complete; wireless "ap
paratus in order to allow" her: to com
municate with the shore during target
practice and other j Important occa
sions.' The Lieutenant Harris is;' not
only- the first Government t\vg to • be
equipped, but is the : only small . boat '\u25a0 of
any kind on: the Pacific ; Coast that will
be able to boast : of -.wireless connec
tion. It is expected that the' new sys-"
tern will be of the ; greatest benefit dur
ing,, the heavy" fogs which ; hang over
the : bay.' ' . _, - \u25a0 : -',.
:; The.; Fourteenth s cavalry, • now; on
board ]\u25a0'{ the : . transport , i Buf ord, .., having
sailed! f ronvi; Manila^ on : the . 20th % inst.,
wi 11 upon I its arrival ". take up /quarters
at] the' Presidio v'untll^'transporationfls
arranged. 'The vfleld.andjstaff^ofv the
Third ; squadron' and troops I, K -and : M
•will; be; stationed; at \the Presidio,^while
headquarters, \ staff, X band 'and "Z First
squadron will go V to ":\u25a0 "Walla " /Walla,'
"Wash.; Uroop L ;to Boise .; Barracks,
Idaho,"- and. r thißf lieutenant and
the' Second squadron to the- Presidio of
Monterey,; Cal.; v r *
f£f< Leave : of ; absence for; one \u25a0 month has
been* granted toiLieutenaht William' R."
Eastman, assistant ; surgeon- In the! genf;
oral? hospitals at >thel Presidio, \to; take
effect?! Immediately: ;" . 'i Z \u25a0;:;\u25a0: >?;>";;•
Captain" Spencer- Cosby,. Engineer
SHIP HAULED
OFF THE REEF
French Collier Ernest Reyer;
Saved From Destruction
at Entrance to Honolulu
DAMAGE IS BUT SLIGHT
Coal Laden Vessel Is Tinder
Charter to Hind, Eolpli^&;
Co. of San Francisctf
HONOLULU, Oct. " 24.— The French ship
p:rnest Reyer, which arrived "last night,'
36 days from Newcastle, Australia., with;
a cargo of coal, went ashore - to-day on.;
Diamond Head, at the entrance.. to this:
harbor. \u25a0'. \u25a0 --.
The afflcers of the vessel for/a.tlme'
tried to save her without outside aidj: but;
finally assistance was accepted,' and the;
united efforts of two steamships and qne;
tug succeeded in pulling the ship off the
reef. The tug Fearless and flvo': other,
steamships had been working on the' yes-;
sel, but at the time she was floated only
the Spreckels t tug ; Fearless, the- Inter-
Island steamship W. G: Hall, and ;: the;
private steafnsnip Lehua.' had lines out
and were engaged \u25a0 in : the work of tug-;
ging. Theother vessels had been haul-;
ing during tho morning.." .J...- .- .-... ;
The claims for salvage probably will b«
very large and may be 'complicated. Th©
ship is believed to have sustained little,;
if any, - damage.
The Ernest Reyer is a steel ship of 'IMS
gross tonnage, built in 1902 at St. ;Nazaire,'
France/ She Is i.-- feet long.'t.wlth .a:
beam of 44 feet and depth. of 22 feet. She'
is under charter to Hind, Rolph \u25a0&\u25a0 Co. J
of San Francisco. \- * ' ;
KILLS A MAN BECAUSE s . ; '
HE FEELS LIKE SHOOTIXG
Resident of Pocatello, Idaho, Fires
' Upon a Saloon Employe
Without Cause. |
POCATELLO, Idaho. Oct. 24.— James
Ryan, an employe of a saloon, was shot
and killed to-day by William McClure,*
who came into the saloon, flourished a
revolver, announced that he had ' just
had a row with his wife, and declared;
"I guess I am going to shoot some
body." ": , . U'-'..?S- f y-. i
After he had .fired .two bullets into
the glassware on the: bar, causing" the
barkeeper to drop- to the floor,- he
turned on Ryaa and . -. shotl him.. down.'
McClure was overpowered and taken to
jail. r:. ', , . -\u25a0. _'. ... -:. .
TWO GIRLS KIDX^PED
BY YA;CHT ? S SKIPPEK
Succeed in Making Their Es
cape From the Pirate
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TAUNTON, Mass., Oct. 24.— According
to a story told by Kuth Adelaide Bain,
aged 16, niece of- Henry A. Jackson,
alleged to! be the skipper of the_ pirate
yacht Dorado, • and Miss | Adelaide Per
clval, a pretty employe.. of the Hotel
Cosmopolitan, Jackson kidnaped them
about. avweek^agfo.'iwHe took v them on
the Dorado iand; kept them •'». for two
nights and a \ day^ when they escaped
at East •- Greenwich^ R. 1.",^ 9-nd ' made
their" way to. this city.
The girls had gone to Providence
and . there were lured aboard the Do
rado. Jackson set sail and once on
the high seas they learned that they
were his prisoners. He became very
abusive, especially to the Percival girl,
whom he wanted to . marry. - and g he
carried his threats so far that he flour
ished a revolver. The girls were badly
frightened and begged him to let
them go.
Jackson, so the story goes, said he
was. going to southern'waters and they
were to go with him. Miss Percival as
a passenger and his, niece to act as
cook. They agreed, and under the pre
text of getting clothing were permitted
to. land; at East Greenwich, where they
made their escape.
NOTORIOUS CROOK
CAUGHT IN VIENNA
Joseph Killorah, American
Criminal, Robs
of a Bank. >
'NEW YORK, Oct. 24. — An American,
believed to be the notorious Joseph
Killoran, is under arrest at Vienna,
charged with being the leader of a
gang that recently stole $4000 .from a
Vienna bank. . \u0084
The robbery was entirely in keeping
with Killoran 1 s record for daring exf
ploits in this country.' The American,
it was said to-day,, entered "tho bank
during the busy hours and engaged- in
conversation with' a depositor who : had
just taken about $4000 to the cashier's
window. During this Conversation the
money disappeared. The Vienna police
say that the American had confederates
in' the room, who took, the money while
he occupied its attention. 'The
man \ gave . the name : of James Howard.
Joseph . ; Killoran on July 4, 1905, to
gether with other prisoners .in tbe
Ludlow-street jail of. New. York, with
no ; other weaponli than pieces of;brass
pipe, Which they made believe were re
volvers, cowed the guard and walked
out of jail. :"-\u25a0 \u25a0'-"•' ''•'''
NATIVES OF 6AMOAX ISL.ES;.
CELEBRATE. PROSPERITY
Large Quantity of '''\u25a0 Copra . % Produced
Fill* PoeketM of People
* With Coin. ••
TUTUILA, Samoa, \ Oct... 10.— The
quantity of copra in- the
islands has so , far this year exceeded
the production of all former years, and
before <the; end of the season: in: Jan
uary nextiit i3' expected ;that the out
put will be 50 per cent, greater than
last;year. ' The natives have an abund
ance of, money ; and are \u25a0 spending;; it in
feasting. .One small village of a little
over 200 people has ordered 100 barrels
of ,beef to commemorate the prosperous
year.'- : • \u25a0>; ':;'\u25a0;';:. '.. :'". ,;..'.:*\u25a0' v'-d
PIUPER'S RIGHT - GRANTED
TOMAKY' MABEL. ROGERS
Government Will Bear Expense of Mur
deress' Appeal* to Supreme
\u25a0- ': \u25a0'. ' ; 7:;. • \u25a0" \u25a0\. ' ..court. \u25a0•" :-. /;'.'''. :*\u25a0•;\u25a0.'.. \u25a0 ;\u25a0?; \u25a0?
J : .l WASHINGTON, "Oct. 24".— Mary Mabel
Rogers,^ under > sentence :' of :. death V, in
tVermontV for }. theY killing :; of «^her -s< hus
band,; was >to-day ."granted- leave. to- pro^
ceed ;on'; appeal : before •:.- the ; Supreme
Court "of\ the 'United t States as '; a pau
per.'^.without; payment . of : costs. \u25a0 > The
record Jh, the case will' be" presented at
public (expense. \u25a0 .'
Corps,. whoV ls now on his way to the»
Philippines, is stopping -at the Palace
Hotel. >\u25a0"\u25a0 •\u25a0'" i^^^BtettHHHHHBESS
;;:;;,;:.; \u0084.-V- — — \u25a0\u2666 \u25a0 — • \u25a0•\u25a0'-•;..•
Riehl.H professor. 1 of philosophy, at
theWniverslty of ; Berlin, ' has : for : a mot
tor "Back to v Kant.^-V«gß|B ;V V^>J
IKIEYER MAY GET
-"HAW PORTFOLIO
Eeport Has It That Present
Embassador to Eussia Is
Soon to Enter the Cabinet
MANY CHANGES LIKELY
Shaw_ and Moody to Ketire,
'and WiU Take
:!tliey Place '-, of ; the Latter
'\u25a0WASHINGTON. Oct. 24.— 500n after the
ireturn". of President Roosevelt .to. TVash-
Ing-ton from his Southern tour there will
be of the rumors regarding: im
pending changes in the Cabinet, and with
in - months or •so after the reopening
jflfv Congress it Is more than likely that
-the.- 'complexion of the Cabinet . will be
completely changed/ Thisdoes not mean
that" every one of the present Cabinet of
Ministers is to go out, but there will be
two or three new members and probably
.three radical changes before the close of
the current fiscal year.
\u25a0i Secretary Shaw is to go out of the.
\u25a0Cabinet'' as ''a preliminary to his formal
entry. Into the -Presidential race. . The
vacancy at the head of tha United
States „. Treasury Department will be
filled, according, to the present outlook, by
the [. transfer of Postmaster-General Cor
telybu." '-• ..." ."':,.". ;."•.";..
rAttonwy-General- Moody has been ex
pecting_to go outfor^Bonw time. H© re
mains at the head df . the of
Justice if : not entirely, that he
may carry .'""on"' the prosecution of the
beef trusjt cases?; HJs. place probably will
be ". filled \u25a0 by Charles* J. Bonaparte, the
present" .Secretary; ; c-T ..the . Navy. ; '.This In
turn, will create; another vacancy, . and
the new head of .the "navy, according to
the present -slate, will be George yon L.
Meyer,; the! ipresent. Embassador,. to St.
Petersburg. \u25a0* *\u25a0 : .- ' • • ..• ,;.
OP-IJiTBHEST. TO PEOPLE 5
_ , Ol*. THE "PACIFIC-.CpAST
Patents for Various Device* Granted to
, . . .Residents pt the; Golden"
•V' . \u0084: . - ;\u25a0 "'•• State.'
.WASHINGTON, Oct. 24.— Th© fol
lowing patents were issued to Callfor
nlans .to-day:...'. . .
r: Gabriel. Al'Borlck,- Los Angeles, th*e infiatlnc
means; Henry ''B.' Carey, Los Angeles. hos«
carriage; Antonio Cerrutl. San Francisco, can
filling machine, also -fluxing machine; Freder
ick A. Creed. Petal uma, desk attachment;
James H. \u25a0 Gray, . San Francisco, bearing for
subaqueous and -other 'Shafts; John H. Huff.
Fresno,'., brctoder; 'William P. Macartor, Los
Angeles, vending machine; Alexander Marshall.
Lob- Angeles, flower pot; Eugene P.. McMur
' try,' San Frahclaco. " self-governing centrifugal
pump; Thomas I. ilorrie. San Francisco, har
ness saddle; Christopher O'Connor and F. R.
•Covey. Riverside, Ore heater; Gustaf W. Pear
son. Fresno, .baling press; James E. Seeley.
Los Angeles, electrical apparatus, also electric
interrupter or vibrator; Aaron T. Spence, J. H.
Prugh and S. B. Zimmer. Oakland, surfacing
and pollshtng machine; Isaac G. Waterman.
Santa Barbara, mechanical push button valve,
also electro magnetia valve, also electro mag
netic valve controlling system, also automati
cally operated flushing system.
Army -and .\avr i Orders.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24.— Army or
ders: Contract Surgeon Clarence A.
Warwick, now on -leaved is. relieved in
the Philippines and will; proceed to
Fort Mott, N. J., for duty!/. Post Quar
termaster Sergeant William P. Ben
ningboven, on relief „' at Fort Revere,
Mass., will proceed to the Presidio at
San Francisco, reporting to the com
manding ofiicer, Vho will send him on
the first transport to Manila for duty.
Navy orders : Paymaster J. W. Morse
will be detached from the navy yard at
Cavite to his home. Paymaster J. R.
Sanf ord will be detached from the
navy-yard at New York JO: tho naval
station at - Cavite, sailing . from . _ San
Francisco on December 9. "Warrant
Machinist B. Heggenhaugen, Acting
Warrant Machinist J. J. Cullen and
Carpenter R. L. Lake will proceed to
the Asiatic station, sailing from San
Francisco November 15. ', \u25a0
The most costly tomb in existence is
that erected in honor of Mohammed.
LAZY LEVER
: "I find Case arets to good that I wonld not b*
without them. I was troubled a | great deal with
torpid liver and hradacho. Kow ilnca taking
Cascarets Candy Cathartic 1 feel very much better
I shall certainly recommend them to nj friends
as the beet medicine I have ever seen."
Anna Bazlnet. Osborn Mill No. a, Fall Blv«r, Mm*.
m y "^^* Bowels
pcom
CANDY CATrURTIC - : jJ^^r '
..Pleat »nt. Palatable. Potent. Taate Good. So Good,
Never Sicken, Weaken or Gripe. 10c. Me. 50c. Never
\u25a0old in balk. The gennlne tablet stamped CC C.
Guaranteed to cure or your money b»ci.
." • ".) ; Sterling Remedy Co. , Chicago or N.Y. 6ox
ANNUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
ADMEN'S DISEASES
H^kHl We especially solicit
BVJK^^HJ those cases of "Weak-
HAfIHI ness," Varicocele, Hy-
WfIMW drocele, Stricture. Con-
IQJH tracted Disorders. Spe-
BrJI citlc Blood Poison, Piles,
f^tmJ^Kmam Rupture, Rheumatism,
: DR. Loss of Vigor, Catarrh,
I STAFF, etc., that have been un-
•\u25a0lo33 Mar- successfully treated v by
\u25a0 "'<''- ket St. : other specialists. Our
' T Pioneer Men's methods of treatment
- Specialist. ar e , different,' and by
curing stubborn and difficult cases have
won reputation from the Atlantic to the
Pacific as leading -specialists ln men's
diseases, and have built up the largest"
practice of its kind on the entire Pacific
Coast, from Alaska to Mexico. '
' Fees are f air t cures '• are 'permanent
and you . pan \u25a0 pay . it ' cured. -. Entrance
private. '-. Bulldlnjc only used by us. •
FIRST SPECIAIiISTS SO YEARS IX S. F.
-See free museum to-day. Hear free
lecture to-night -and learn who should
marry, who not, and .why. Call or write.
DR. LIEBIG STAFF
1023 Market Street. Sth Bldg. above flth.
:^a»Vv.: ; - CHICHESTCR'S CNQLISM
Pennyroyal pills
H _iK~v '' "' ' Orlctaal and Oaly Ue»la«. •— • >
Pt//* k>*VSAFE. Alw»t« r»il»b!«. Ijldle". m« Drortlrt
<Lii LL^ fbrCHICHJESTEB'S KNGLISH
*^Si^WtnfE\ ln KED i»4 6«ld a«talll« b«t«. m«.<«
— -SStfd with Wn. ribbon. Talcs \u25a0• «t»er. lUfa**
"W ** TSJ I»a««er»«a "\u25a0k.iltmUon* aa4 Imlt*.
- I */• ~ nj ttssa. . \u25a0\u25a0! »f four Ormin. «m md 4«. ia .
I rf r«mpa tor Partleniar*. TcntinealaU
1« B » id "Relief for l.^dlc.- in kinr,»jr».
XXT- ff *»™ **»"• »».«•<> T««im.«i»l,. 9.14 *r
. "i \. a!! VnuUu. - Calahmte* Ckaamla*! Co^
UastlenUUaapar. : Umiimmm ««aara. riUUU FA.
.•'-••; V -\u25a0 ." "- \u25a0\u25a0•"\u25a0 "--v- \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"- \u25a0 ' '
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HLEABJnr ST. Kstablished
in 1854 for toe treatment nf Vr\rni*
Disease*.' Lo*t Manhood. DebUlty or
disease wearinrpn body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcureswl.en
others fall.> Try htm. - Cbarf *s low.
(urn gnaraoUfd. : Call or wri A
l Dr. J. r- OIBBOX, Baa Fraadsco, Cal
' AD VERTISE3£EyTS.
I Smash Proof a
f*a Heard of a trunk the Mi
Gei . other day that fell out of Saw
f.-fi a bagrg-agre car onto the IS
[fl. next, track, derailing: the . fern
K3 next train without hurting \u25a0 fSa
l£3 the trunk. Maybe this HK
jra| trunk .wouldn't stand that >J1
Msfl test, but nothing 1 short of ,O|
RR It would, smash it It's' a ij*J|
g^ wonder for strength. Well »>^|
Hfl bound, hinged, locked and ftS
rtl . strapped — look 3 well. too. 5H,15 H ,I
Buy one of these and get a ?cl
M| stanch friend. Alt sizes. /£«
38-Inch *lxf, each CO CLO MM
; VZf«^\J BW>
K3 The Store tvlth the Grern w
lr*'j Front. P^if
Open Everdnc:?. JuSr
WE CURE MEN FOR $12.50
jHW^^^^^^. , Keference Is
lv NOT A DQLUR
fcj^gL iM NEED BE PAID
I lJ|\ W T|LL cured
J?H!£V " j\ and Knowledga
We cure Skin Diseases. Blood Pofaon*
Vartcoeele. Stricture. Xenrow Decline.
Weakness. Plica. Fistula. Hydrorrle and
Dl«eas«a of the Kidneys. Bladder .and
Prostate.
• — — —
' Special Disease's— Newly contracted
and chronic cases cured. All Burning. Itching
and Imflammation stopped in twenty-foot
hours; cures effected In seven days.
We make no charge for a friendly talk ot
correspondence. Come to us in tae strtcteat
confidence. We have been exclusively treating '
special diseases of men for years. Nothing
•science can devla* or money can buy is lack-
ing In our office equipment. We wilt use you
honestly, treat you skillfully and restore you
to health in ! the shortest- time with the least
discomfort and expense.
If yon cannot call, vrrrte (or symptom
blanks. ? \u25a0»\u25a0 • ;
DR. HOLSMAN & CO.
Hours— S to 5. T to 8:30 p. m. dally; Sunday,
9 to 12.
720 MARKET ST. (Too Floor). S. F.
ivisiT DR. JORDAN'S cheat 6
OF AHATOMYf
W \u25a0\u25a0 VST "*** XftMt An««Bl«mI If vmb to th* \
3 - r|G» Wor!4. Wntnaa at »«» o»ntr»BiM A
? 4E^aV?^ d!ti«« p»*ltl*»lT em>*4 b' Ui* aldut W
$ IC *?i I Bp«i»Uit aa tie Out. Xjc M jran.
A l&Bl OR. JORDAN-DISEASES 0? MEM j
\ 1 4EP^ » CoataUirtan ft»« tn4 ttrietly prtT«» T
0 I J&Vaffl T"»^"«t p»r»o«ay or bf l*tur. A A
T fl flr >«iilk»«eMnUtTerje«Msad*T*ikaa. W
Sri Iff *mi»rß«»,r»ia»s»mt»rA
\" I It : VAHKI.4CK. UAiLso rats. (xf.
\ Jfi, .]} ' »»'.o»»i» Mkltr Bern.) \
f r>n. josr> aji * ct>.. lost Market st.. s. r. r .
Sj^B&&zJl MEHMBWOMEJT.
«^fe.S^rßZS^*O C*Jl«Otor«a»»t9t».
'J%£v «\u25a0!••» 4«t»/Oi dlsch»riM,ln2aniin»stoß«.
MSsslJ Ountwi 13 Irritatiaas or nlc»r»:l<ms
EtEj m> «• nriMara. of m neons nembrnn**.
P> m fiimM C—»k«»- T »ln;»*i. »q4 not m ttiw
B?Siri<tETJUISCHtMXAI.Oo. *«at or polsoaoan.
%g^i CI«CTaATI.BjBa »old »y DmntlaU.
iWMgfth. i^lfr^n br ****** pr«j»*id, tot
OCEAS TRAVEL.
Bteamers leav» Piers \u25a0
/^NV^-^SeV and 11> San Franciiico:
A£y*^- ror Ketchikan. Wrangel,
/jQ7 WS9 N| to V\ /Juneau. Treailwell, H.iine«.
I I ViL*r\ \ \ Skaarway, etc.. Alaska— ll
I v \v£A) I a - m • Oct - -- ~> '-• 1T - "^
\u25a0 \tK \l ' *&/ 2T* * l ' ov - 1- Chanste to this
! \/SSji -s£**f company's steamers ,at . Se-
attle. i • .-
For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes. South Bellineham. BelllnKham — tl a.
m., Oct. 2. 7, 12. 17, 22. 27. Nov. 1. Chanjfe at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.. at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Em-eka (Humboldt Bay>— Pomona, 1:30
p m.. Oct 2. 8. 14, 20. 28. Nov. 1. Corona.
1:30 p. m., Oct. 6, 11. 17, 23, 29. Nov. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angreles and
Redondo). San Diego and Banta Barbara —
- Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 *. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crnz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme —
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Oct. 5. J3-- 3U 29. Nov. 4.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Oct. 1. 9. 17.. 25. Nov. 2.
For Ensenada. Mapdalena Bay. San Jos* d"»t
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Roea-
lla, Guaymas (Mex.> 10 . m.. "th each month.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1906 — Th«
palatial Alaska excursion steamship' SPOKANEX
will leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria Jun*
7, 21. July 5. 19. August 2. i
For further Information obtain folder. Right"
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.^
- TICKET OFFICES— 4 . New Montgomery st.i
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market. St.. and Broadway,
wharves. Freight -Office— ll> -Market st.
OAKLAND OFFICE— OS 2 Broadway.
C D DXTNANN. General Passenger Ajrent. -i
1Q Market St.. San Franclswx
TOYO KISEN KAISH^
•ORIENTAL S. S. CO.* : \,
Steamers will leave whsrf. corner First and
Brannan streets. 1 p.- in., for Yokohama an<J
Hongkong, calling at Honolulu. Kobe (Hiogo).,
Nagasaki -and Shanghai, and J connecting at.
Hongkong with steamers for • India/ etc. Ni»
K . £,, r co r»celved on board on day of sailing;
SS "AMERICA MARU" FRIDAY. Oct. 27.
*Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. • ..
For freight and passage apply. at. company;*
office, seventh floor. Merchants* >,
'i ;W. H. AVERT. General; Agent. '\u25a0
*\ AAAntA? we ftk •«*»•«. mkm. anr
oceanscs.s.eo, %»$&?»%.
S 9.- VENTURA, tor Honolulu. Samoa. .'. Auck»
land and Sydney Thursday. Nov. 2. 2 p. nC
S S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Nov. 22.*11 a.m.
J.D.SPEECIELS k BROS.C 3. Jtlti TiCftt OOS3 513 111-*',
let FnigHt Qflci 327 gai^t St. Pig 7, Fastis i&
Campajcnle Cenerale Traasatlaatlque. |
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE— Paris, jsfgmmi
Sailing «very Thursday Instead of SSC
Saturday. 10 «• n»-. t™* pi ** * 2 -
North River, foot of Morton st. *
F^t-cla*9 to Havre. *T0 and upward. . Sro-
ond cla«s to Havre *45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE 3 AND
CVNADA 32 Broadway (Hudson butldm S >..
New York. J*F. FUOAZI ft CO.. Paclflc Cpmsl
Aeints 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets' sold by ail RallToad Ticket Agents. :
DA r \u25a0 AXP INTERTJR B AS R O CTES^J
fti&REnisSND~NAVY YARD/
VALLEJO and NAPA
IN apa Valley Rotate*
MontJcello S- S. Co. snd.Nspa VaUey Eleo.
trie R. R- Co. Close connections. -
6— ROUXD TRIPS DAILY— «
'- Boats leave San Francisco T:0O. *9:15 a. m..
v»-30 »oon. 3:15. 6 :«O.. B^o p. m. ,
San Francisco landuz and of nee. Pier V
foot of Mission st. one block south Marlc*t-«t.
Ferry. Meals ala carte. Phone Main 1304, - \u25a0
•Land* N*v,:Yart «n«.
1112
WHAT ONE SAVES IN READING— VVATsLL
JOHX D. SPKECKEXS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOIiX McX AUGHT 31an»ger
\V. J. aiARTIX Business Manager
""' TELEPHONE. / -^C
A - C V t °Yo T v H XV.t C h*lhe Z&SSSSTtZ I^
fe^^l^ &£££ £
Delivered by Carriers 20 Cl*. Per Week. «
Cts. Per Month. Single OP^'iLSrVlth
Terms by Mall. Including Postage (Cash \Utn
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday). 1 y^-'-'foo
DAILT CALL (Includ. Sunday). « mos... ••«•
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «£>
6UNDAT CALL. 1 Year t~ w
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year l__V22i*____
FOREIGN I _a_££ftS Per letr §S5
POSTAGE. 1 wee.lv . 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS,
fcample Copies will be forwarded wbea re-
' v quested. .
Mall subscribers In ordering _<&•*** .°sJ£
«ress should be particular toglve both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to IMUM ia
prompt and correct compliance with tneir r»-
cuest. .
OAKLAND OFFICE:
IK6 Broadway Telephone Malm 1083
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
ItSS Park 6tr»«t. Near 'Santa. Clir- _r«ni-
Pboas Ala&eda £58.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tlii Oea ter Street. Telephone North Tl
WASHINOTON CORRESPONDENTI
_L E. CRANE 1406 G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A, Brentano. 81
Union Scuare; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-avenTM»
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House: Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Bulldin*
(Long Dittance Telephone, * "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:" - '' .
STEPHEN B. SJUTH SO Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Herald Equant
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night In the year:
BRANCH OFFICES : V -
ZOOB Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
£06 Montgomery aye.: open until 9 p. m.
£<>0 Hayee street; open until 9:30 p. m.
630 McAllister etreet: open until 9:50 p. xa.
•\u25a0\u25a035 Larkin ctreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
:i»4l Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m,
3(Mj Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
209 C Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m,
2-Wt Fillmore etreet; open until 6 p. ra.
4314 J etreet. near Ocean Boulevard; opea
until 9 p. ra. '
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodpe No. IS9. F. and A. a
M. — Third degree THIS (WEDNES- "*A/'
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By^^
order of tbe W. M
R. H. McPHERSON; Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and fi
A. M. — Second degree THIS V_T
. (WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 P*/\
o'clock.
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. *
M— fcpecial meeting THIS (WEDNES. «_*<#•
DAY) EVENING at 7:30. Third de- /\/\
gree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
FA RNS WORTH Lodge No. 95, I ____\u0084,
O. O. F.— Second degree THIS •3«BSH__i
.WEDNESDAY) NIGHT. Oct.
25. Welcome Hall. Visiting ~**s&i£2Sr
brcthere cordially invited.
C. A. HEXTRUM. Noble- Grand.
G. A. BUR MAN. Recording Secretary.
XVANHOE Lodge No. 5, K. of P.. will
confer the knight rank cong form). \yß^,y
en WEDNESDAY EVENING. Octo- 7P&5
ber 25, 1905, at 220 Golden Gate _B£_S^
aye.. at S:3O o'clock. Members of ~= si "^ k
eister lodges cordially Invited.
L. A. HAECKL. C. C.
O. NORCROSS. K. of R. and S.
AUSTRIAN Military and Benevolent v-vi^
Aescclation — Mt-eting TII I S S*-*£7s?
< WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 607 r|2£S?
Sutter Et. P. SAULOVICH. Pres. •'»&
M. J. RUSSELL, Secretary.
I OFFICERS and members
of • Golden Gat« Gate -A, A " ' **B
sre respectfully request- (^^w2S/»|i
< t to attend the funeral f *^j_tVT<i 1 f"~
of oar late neighbor. A. t **« l"™
W. ELLMAN, rrom lie undertaking par-
lors of J. Eagan. 1707 Sacramento St., TO-
MORROW (THURSDAY) at 1 p. m. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
GEO. A. SCHADE. Consul Commander.
JOHN WISNOW. Clerk.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from Landecker Gold Mining Company
in LandeckT mine, near Placervllle. El-
dorado County, Cal.. draining into Webber
Creek, which dralr.g into south fork Ameri-
can River: from Henry N. Lake and E. H.
Itllls. in Bear Flat mine, near Keleey. E!-
doiado County. Cal., draining into Bear Flat
Canyon, which drains into Rock Creek, gives
notice that a meeting to receive any pro-
tests will be held at room <SS, Flood building,
£an Francisco, Cal. No\'ember 6, 1905, at
1 :30 p. m.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
DIVORCE; costs $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; no fee in advance; no charge unless
successful; open evenings; wills, deeds,
leases, bills of sale and articles of copart-
nership carefully prepared; corporations or-
ganized; bankruptcy; collections: probating
cl eetates;c general office and court practice
in Stale and United States courts. 927 Mar-
kf-t, r. 301. Office hours. 8 a. m. to 10 p. m.
A DIVORCE— QUICK and QUIET.
NO PAY until granted.
f-«>e me and save money. Advice Free.
Established 22 y<-ars. Detectives employed.
I LEAD-Othere Follow.
G. W. HOWE,
1122 Market et.. bet. Mason and Taylor.
i*ICE free. all. legal matters.
) charge unless successful.
I law business. Established 29 years.
building, room, 316. third floor.
A. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
h floor, entrance room 611; established 20
ars: all courts, general courts and office
aetice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
>n ; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
'ICE froe; legal divorce costs $12; all law
ses handled; no f* In advance; open Sat-
day evenings; other evenings by appoict-
ent; cal! and cave money. Sl9 Mkt., r. S3.
;. CLARK, 927 Market, room 302. consulta-
;n free; no fee In advance. Open evenings.
~..:PLETE divorce for $20 by able young at-
torney. For Interview ad. lock box 422, city.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The "Weekly Call.
10 pageg, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
_ A STHM As CURE. ~
A. X»I NOLA'S asthma remedy cures: for sale
by Ril druggists: main depot 1602 Market
rt_ St. Nicholas Hotel; 10c, 25c, 60c pottage.
BOOKKEEPING. _
LET us keep your books; nothing 'too large,
nc thing too rmall; we make & specialty of
1.-, j.n.r small sets of books.
THE FAXON-JAMES AUDIT -CO.,
T"l. Montgomery ISII. 930 Market st.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
PEHFECT care will be given to a few infants-
*ls a month. MRS. RHODA KARSTADT*
5801 llacCall tt., Oakland.
AN Infant will be given perfect care; $15 «
month. Box 3796. Call.
BICYCLES.
ALL kinds second-hand bicycles bought, sold
and esrhanged. J. W. FRY. 1526 Polk Et.
CHIROPODISTS.
DR. EINFELDT. IJO4 Market St.. room 18. re-
moves corns, bunions, by electricity; no pain.
CURE FOR RUPTURE.
I<R. PIERCES Magnetic Elastic Truss; per-
fect retainer; positive cure: book free. Re-
moved to 206 Kearny Bt.. room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection C 0.," Alt
Montgomery St., rooms 9-20. Tel. Main fi&SO. I
\- 1 BPSrNESS CHANCES.
A— s3so; OYSTER and chop house; on water
front; rent $26; good place; established years.
See R. O. WILKE. 26>,4 Kearny Et.
A— $0000; HAMMAN bath, the most popular
' and most central located In S. F.; large pat-
ronage of best class customers: clears above
$300 a month: lease. See R, G. WILKE, 26tf
Kearny st. ' \u25a0
A—s9oo;A — $900; OYSTER and chop house; the very
best location in this city; a flrst-claas paying
business; owner compelled to sell, account of
sickness. R. G. WILKE. 26Mi Kearny st.
A—s4soo:A — $4500: CORNER barroom; close to Chronicle
building; place established many years; lately
renovated; elegant fixtures; large stock; sick-,
ness of owner only cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— s2ooo; SALOON on water front; lease; 14
furnished rooms; a good paying business; no
better location; disagreement of partners
cauee of saje. R. G. WILKE. 26 V4 Kearny.
A SPLENDIDLY located saloon; close to Mills
building; mercantile lunch; net rent $60;
lease; a fine chance; investigate, you will
buy. See R. O. WILKE. 26 U Kearny st,
A—$1000;A — $1000; EALOON on Fourth • Kt., close to
Market; an excellent location; good business;
mutt sell at oncerother business calls him to
the country. RTC7 WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
FRUIT ctcre: choicest location; owner is en-
gaged In other business; a chance for a good
business, cheap. Particulars, R. G. WILKE.
26 & Kearny st. '
OLD established bakery In Western Addition;
large store trade; bake 6 barrels a day;
owner engaged in other business only cause
\u25a0of sale. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny st.
WANTED — To-day, partner, lady or gentle-
man; no experience or services required;
must hay» $1000 to Invest at once; call In
person for particulars at my residence, 719
? Fourteenth St.. Oakland, Cal.; at home 5 to
'9 p. m.- will give full lnrormatlon. JOSEPH
A. WHITE.
FOR SALE.
THE finest up-to-date wholesale and retail
harness, saddlery, shoe findings and leather
business on the coast for sale; can make all
the money you want. Correspond with JOHN
T. STOLL, Sacramento. Cal.
A MAN of ability and experience In handling a
sawmill to Invest $10,000 In a company or-
ganizing to take over coast sawmill about 1
year old; absolutely safe and 6 per cent guar-
anteed: good salary to right man. Address
box 4656. Call office.
FINE cottage of 5 rooms and bath; modern;
electric lights; fine basement; lot «0xl40; nm
lawn. Ehrube and flowers; 8 vacant lots, im-
proved, worth $2400; will exchange for salcon
or grocery and bar. Box 3777. Call.
WOULD like to entertain an offer for my
creamery and delicacy store, located In
Berkeley; this Is a rare chance for some
one wishing to go Into business. Address box
6163. Call office. Oakland.
$300— PARTNER in light business,
suited to plain steady man satisfied with $1S
to $35 a week: trial given; no experience re-
quired; short hours. 759 Market tt.. room, 8.
WILLOW basket and rattan factory for sale
on account of death; good paying business;
at San Joee; plenty orders on hand. Inyuire
at 3065 Twenty-third St., near Folsom, S. F.
$300— DELICATESSEN and grocery store; rent
$15; living rooms; good trade. National R.
E. Co.. 1027H Market st.
GOOD oyster house for sale reasonable, at-
once: long lease; established several years,
opposite new post office. 50 Seventh st.
FIRST-CLASS vaudeville house for sale or tc
rent; now open and paying well. Box 1303,
Call office. l
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Aoply
at Call business office for particulars.
A — RESTAURANT: on account of sickness;
must sell at once; price $350. 1359 Folssm.
FOR SALE — Bakery and coffee parlor; best
location In town. Box 1216, Call office.
WANTED — To invest $500 with services; must
stand trial. Box 3916. Call. ;
JOB printing office; easy terms. 626 Mont-
gomery st., room 1.
WANTED — Investor to take out patents on
several Important inventions. Box 1015. Call.
$250 — A PARTY to join me in a ealoon, lunch
and rooming-house: big profit. 310 Folsom st.
FOR eale — Party going away; delicatessen
store. 2957 Twenty-fourth si.
WANTED — Good carpenter as partner. In good
paying job shop. 3373 Eighteenth st.
ELECTRIC laundry, eet. 8 yrs., for sale, In-
cluding prop. ; doing good bus. Box 3526, Call.
GOOD Call route for\iale. Apply at Call
office. _J i___ i
A. BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
S Eddy 6t., cor. Maricet and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
Sacrifice; new. modern downtown house; first-
class location; 70 extra well furnished rooms;
large country transient trace; clearing $300 per
month; only with us.
Good Investment; this 24-room, new. modern
little apartment-house; elegantly furnished and
equipped; everything first class; fine location;
cheap rent; on account of sickness in family at
bargain.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FISHER & CO < Phone Main 3354
Room 438, James Flood building.
Furnished rooming-houses, hotels and flats.
FOR. Sale — Rooming house of 15 rooms; all ,
full and will be sold at a bargain; no agents.
225 Fourth et. ••
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale. 21 rooms, for
$750; clearing $72 per month. Call at 153S
Webster St.. Alameda.
BARGAIN — Furnished house, 7 rooms, bath;
sunny yard; no agents; $300; cheap rent.
Box £919, Call office. - .
$ISOO — House, 25 rooms; rent $75; clears $100
per month. M. LESS. 935 Market st.
$225 — 9 ROOMS; fine location; all full; clears
.$33 net; bargain. Inquire 233 Sixth st.
18-ROOM house, nicely furnished; best busl-
ness street in city. Box 3022. Call office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
Rooming-Honie* and Hotels for -Sale.
MARION GRIFFIN.
970 Market st., room 801. eighth floor.
Roomlng-House Broker. Phone^Main 3343.
CARPET-BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
fcr cieaning carpets on floor without remov-
al ; carpet and rugs ' also cleaned by com-
pressed air at shop; prices moderate. \u25a0 S. F.
Compressed Air Cleaning Company, 308 Mar-
ket tt.; phone Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN -you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama Et. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet-Cleaning Works, ISO 9 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.: phene Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co.; J. McQueen
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
te!. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st. — First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at.; tel. Mission 263
LACE CURTAINS AND BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S New York Curtain House; most
complete plant for cleaning lace curtains and
blankets. 1324 Fillmore; phone West 6306.
DENTISTS.
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL COMPANY.
Perfect painless -. dentistry .at lowest - : prices.
Full s*t of teeth, $2; silver fillings, 25c; gold
fillings, $1; gold crowns, $3; bridge work. $3.
1104 Market St.. oormx Turk. \u25a0
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; finings, &0c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth. -
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, near 11th—
No charre for \u25a0 extracting when plates are
made; -old elates made over like -new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting COc; gas given. ,
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless extraction.
BOc. New York Dentists. 909 Mission, cor. 6th
DR. J. E. YOUNG, dentist, removed to 406
Suttcr st.. rccma 7and 8.
GOLD, fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2. no
pain: op. Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.lol% Grant ay.
DAY AND CONTRACT WORK.
CARPENTER and builder wants . work by day
or contract. C. C. LERO Y; 502 Jessie st.
f
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• ;, . , \u25a0 - ,
THE "SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, AY, OCTOBER 25, 1905
"CLAIRVOYANTS.
AA- PROF. NIBLO.
IT IS JUST AS CHEAP TO SEE THE BEST. 1
ASTRAL DEAD-TRANCE I CLAIRVOYANT.
/SPECIAL THIS WEEK. >
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS, $1.
il 00— LOW FEE— $l 00.
BRING CALL COUPON AND SAVE $4.
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READING
FOR $1 IP YOU BRING THIS AD-
VERTISEMENT. ' ; ; t: ;
411 A ELLIS ST., NEAR JONES.
NO CHARGE IF NOT SATISFIED WHEN
READING IS OVER— YOU TO BE JUDGE.
I DO HERISBY SOLEMNLY AGREE and
guarantee to make no charge If I fail to call
you by name In full, names of your friends,
enemies or. rivals. . I promise to tell you
whether your husband, wife or sweetheart Is
true or false; tell you how to galn'the love
of the one you most " desire,' even though
miles away; how . to succeed In business,
speculation, lawsuits; how to marry the one
• of j-our choice: how to' regain.' youth, health
»nd vitality. Removes evil influences, cures
.Irink habits, locates treasures, . cures all
nervous diseases. . . - •
H"w can I have good luck? '
How can I succeed in business? . •
How can I make my hc«no- happy?
How can I conquer my enemies?- - ;
How can I n-arry the "one I choose?
How can I marry w»U? ',
How soon can I marry? \u25a0 \u25a0 • •
How can I conquer my ; rivals?
How can I make any one / love xn«T
How soon will my lover proposs?
How can I get a good position?
\u25a0 How can I remove bad influences?
How can I control any one? —
How make d'stant ones think of me?
How can I hold my husband's .love?
How 'can I keep my wife's love?
Oldest Established. First Registered. . -.".
Best known Clairvoyant in California.
Others may come and others may go, but
Professor NIBLO always remains.
Hours. 10 to S dally and Sunday.
411 A Ellis St.. near . JonesSsC
Permanently located In his own horns. .
PROFESSOR NIBLO. '
THE! ORIENTAL BEER.
TRANCE MEDIUM.
SCIENTIFIC PALMIST.
After you have read all the big advertise-
ments of wonders, wizards, consult CASH-
MERE, the real Hindoo lady, born in Bombay;
natural-born prophet; greatest adviser on busi-
ness and health; no equal; your name and
what you -called for; secret power to influence
in 3 to 21 days.'
Scientific palmist and clairvoyant; all ques-
tions of life revealed; advises' you whether or
rot you will be successful in love, marriajr",
business.
Special Offer for One Week Only.
50c. 50c. 50c. 60c.
1015 Market Et. New Arlington.
STANDING CHALLENGE:
?10,W>0— FOR HIS EQUAL— SIO,OOO
"ST. GEORGE ORMONDE."
Yoghl Initiate Orfental Clairvoyant.
PSYCHIC PALMIST, MYSTIC HEALER.
Egyption Astral Dead Trance Medium. • .'
A phenomenal $5 mortal reading for $1. Tell
you more than all others combined; how to
overcome sickness, drink or weak habits, ene-
mies, spells, lost vitality, bad luck; find treas-
ures, valuable mines; marry your choice; re-
store lost love; secure secret powers of con-
trol; reunites separated; Implants business suc-
cess. Reading by mail $2.
1031 Market st.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE
If you wish reliable advice consult PROF.
LIVINGSTONE.
You hear the truth and nothing but the
truth, be it good or bad. He positively refuses
to accept any fee In advance and leaves It to
your judgment whether he has . performed all-
he claims and advertises to do.
Full Life Reading 50c. Hours 10 to 8.
LIVINGSTONE— 26^4 Kearny— LIVINGSTONE
A— MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis St.,
Clairvoyant, crystal peer, can be consulted on
all affairs of life; Mlt>s Wille guarantees an
honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; reveals
the past; gives correct rorecast of your fu-
ture ; advises . you on Important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gives tbe secret how to control, \u25a0. charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading, $1; hours
10-8 p. m.; French, German. English spoken.
CASSANDRA. 1007^ Market st.. near Sixth—
Before taking any Important step In love,
marriage, divorce, purchases, , sales. Invest-
" aents. Journeys, health/consult the great
clairvoyant acd palmist.- Cassandra; she is
the famous medium who predicted the Russo-
Japanese war 4 years ago; also the assassin-
atian of President McKlnley. readings, $1;
hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. in. .-.\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 -
LINCOLN.
Clairvoyant and psychic; the oldest and best
known clairvoyant in San ' Francisco. Re-
opened at 360 O'Farrell st. Hours 10 to 6.
Readings by mall. $2. ,
MLLE. "ORIETTA." world's greatest mind
reader; name, age, 2 seconds (no writing):
known everywhere; 5 methods. :$1; nuff sed.
1228 Market st., 9 to 9.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. St palm.,
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names BOc. $1. 1035 Fillmore. nr. McAllister.
MME. KRONENBERG. clairvoyant, card read-
er. palmist; when others fall try me: good
reading 25c; no sign. 102%. 6th.. nr. Mission.
MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all affairs of life: satisfac-
tion guar.; 25c up. 17 3d, next Examiner bldg.
MME. ROBERTS, clairvoyant, scientific palm-
ist ; glvesfticta^datcs :i TheM___po___^^
MME. WARD,/ 1153 Market st., above 7th —
Clairvoyant glvee names, dates and facts.
MME. RAVENNA, -the marvelous clairvoyant,
gives names: advice in all affairs. 5 4th st.
MME. MARSEAU, card reader;'* ladles 25c,
gents 50c: hours 1 to 9. 545 Minna st.
RETURNED — Mme. Odell, card and -teacup
read. ; -25c-50c. satisfaction guar. 505 Jones.
ISMAR will return to San Francisco and be in
her office by Sunday. November 5.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed from 108 Sixth st. to 054 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. KONOLD, 14S Sixth St., circle, to-night;
ladies' circle Wed., 2:30, .10c; also reliable
readings, 25c; consult me after trying others.
A— MRS J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market. ; r. 10. Gait House.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak St., spiritual med-
lum; consultation daily. \u25a0
EARLE'S seance Sun.. Wed.. 219 Eddy , St.;
readings. Hotel Higglns. O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
A — RETURNED, H. Jerome Fosselll, scientific
palmist. 612 Mason, nr. Sutter: tel.Black SCOB
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
STEWART'S Lining, Pleating and Buttonhole
\u25a0 * Factory of 110 Taylor st. will. remove to 14
and 16 Taylor st about October 1. \u25a0
MRS. ESTES. fashionable dressmaking. St.
Kathryn. Hotel. 480 Ellis: tel. East 1389.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Eve. class; ' patterns- cut. 1190- Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — THE Lyceum, an excellent preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; We prepared, hundreds of : students suc-
cessfully- and we' shall \ prepare you ; day,
evening session; references " President • Jordan
. or. any Stanford professor. Fhelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUS.COL.. 933 Market,
conducted .by Robt. : .F. . Gallagher, ' expert
court reporter, holds world's record for short-
8 hand ' writing; -successful; himself, 1 will make
you so; shorthand,' typing, kookpg.- < Catalogue.
DANCING, both adult and children's ' classes,
\u25a0 'now open at Hlnman'R • School of Dancing,
1412 . Polk . st., , near California; phone East
\u25a0 2126. r -"-\u25a0 - -\u25a0'- ' :>;..\u25a0:\u25a0:/;>\u25a0:.\u25a0<,\u25a0- \u25a0 .'\u25a0-."\u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u0084
ALL who' desire; good positions •• should attend
this . college ; we have had 250 s good " places
since March 1. San Francisco I Business Col-
lege, 738 Mission st. •..';; . v ; . ..
THE Paul, Gerson School of , Acting, the largest
institution .devoted exclusively, .-to . dramatic
learning In America; positions • guaranteed.'
Send . for., catalogue; Native '» Sons' \u25a0 building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering,2 4
Poetst., S. F. ;- civil," mining, electrical, stAm
and : gas engineering. :• Send > for \u25a0 prospectus. • %
HEALD'S . BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 -Post et.
Established 1863; largest In the West; ''annual
. enrollment 1000;. send '- for circular. >;' .-..\u25a0.:.-,
ENGINEERING— CiviI,' elec. T , mm., meeh.;"; sur-
. vey.-assay/ cyanide; ' day. r eve; est. ; 1.564. l -J.Van
der Naillen School,- 113 Fulton,", nr. City Hall."
TELEGRAPH students. 'willing to pay Instruc-'
tlon in regular' office. ; * Box 0162, Call office,"
;. Oakland. >\u25a0 \u0084 =.•;.:.' "<\u25a0•. -.-C\',,;V ;,-.; •\u25a0--_-.;.
A— METROPOLITAN-Callfornla-Students \u25a0 Joln-
•\u25a0\u25a0' cd. • Business.'' Stenographic; 92s; Golden. GateJ'.
A special ; class preparatory :to^ teachersVexam- ;
lna t ions or State nor.*- schls. • 333 ; Phelan : bldg.^
PIANO,; lessons 00 cents;-: evening ' lessons '
' Studio. SCO 'McAllister., . . :,J a - -.-• ..-, \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0..-.
SCHOOL .OF .ILLUSTRATION Day and
.' PARTINGTON' fe'. ; 424 , Pine ; st.^Ni ght classes
A.WEEK'S news for 5 cents-^-The Weekly Call,"
:- 1« pas»-s. in wrapper, for, mailing," sl per year.l
EMPLOYMENT OFPICBS.
A— ORPHEUM f • Employment ' Office— Japanese
and: Chinese -help.-- Removed ,to 505 Sutter
St.;^phone- Main 6752./, ;;,;:;./. : "
OLDEST -"Japanese-Chinese Employment S Office
promptly furnishes all kinds of reliable help'
, George , Sakauye. 421 , Post 6t. ; tel. - Bush 135.
STAR Employment' Of fice-^Rellable ~ Japanese
. and ' Chinese help /furnished . with care. W.
KADOTA. 400 Powell st. ; tel. Main 1751. -
UP-TO-DATE Japanese-Chinese emp... office
furnishes: reliable help of all .kinds: promptly.
H. KIODA. 405, F05t St.; tel. James 501. '
A-^JAPANESE and Chinese , help.- Wm.
\u0084 Y05HY... 415. Stockton Bt:;.tel. Bush 850.
AN old estab. - (1850) Chinese lemp. office; C.
. CHONG'S,* removed .-to 518 Pine;tel.Grant 156.
Finest Japanese help; housecleaning specialty :
Geo.' R. Kunlabe."343 Mason; '--tel. James 5251.
H. 'l W. - HONG. 111S Clay st. : Chinese «mploy-
mant office; best. help. Tel. East 420.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
.Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE. " Chinese" help of all kinds f urnlch-
ed; housecleaning. • 706 Taylor; .Jamrq 1 7630.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315-Stockton. Main 51S8.
EMPLOYMENT.WANTED — FEMAI.E3.
A GERMAN- lady's maid also a German cook.
\u25a0 both -from Chicago, wish situations;' havt
'gill-edge references. .
C. R.HANSEN & CO \u25a0...'.429 Bush st.
A RELIABLE -woman' wishes situation to us-
• slst with housework; \u25a0Is kind to: children;
moderate - wages. Call at 47. Shipley' st.,
near Fourth. > : • ,--.- /"• ' :
NEAT housekeeper (elderly) wlfhes' posltkn;
used to the care of children; good plain
cook; wages . $12; references. Apply 'i't'i
Jessie st. \u0084 .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'• .. ; ' >- "'* "\u25a0••-.'"'
POSITION by flret-class nurse for children or
Infants; full charge; $40 per month: 10 year 3'
experience. Call at UO4 O'Farrell st.
A GOOD worker would -like work by the day,
private or roomlhg-houae; $1 50 and carfare.
. 87 Rltch st. '-;\u25a0\u25a0' • - '
SITUATION, wanted by refined woman a*
housekeeper; best of references as to charac-
ter and capability. ; Box 'loo7. ' Call. _£_'.
COLORED, girl wants day's work, 51 50 pei
day.and carfare." lulS Clay st. ; phone Mont-
gomery 611. ';..'" ' -
AN ELDERLY woman wishes a situation aa
; housekeeper; . good cook. 130 Fifth st., bet.
'Howard' and Mission. " __\u25a0 '
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to , do general
housework in a small family.' Please call at
14S West Park gt.
GOOD cook wishes position cooking and house-
work: references. a4O Hickory aye.. between
Oak and"Feil sts.. near Laguna. ,
A YOUNG - girl wants to do housework and
plain cooking. Call 719 Fell st. ; no postala.
.WOMAN- wants position for plain cooking and
housework. Box 1010. Call.
AN elderly. American woman wishes situation
as nurse." 90" Fol-'wm st. \u25a0 V . '
FIRST-CLASS finisher on pants wants posl-
tlon. -. 101 Tehama st. " ' \u25a0\u25a0 '
A GObD strong girl for chamber work In hotel;
. city preterred. Call 154 Perry at. \u25a0
FRENCH lady wishes position ac companion
or at light housework. Box 1256. Call.
RELIABLE girl wants light housework. Box
\u25a0 1 1225, Call. ;•-\u25a0'\u25a0••-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor, shirt waist;
euUk, jacket coat suits; up-to-date fits;
only first-class work taken In; designer; sat-
isfaction guaranteed. MISS BAKSS, 321
Franklin st. - \u25a0 ' -
MIDDLE-AGED and unlncumbered woman
with best ot references as to character and
ability. Is desirous of a position as caretaker
of home with children. Box 3015. Call.
POSITION as gentleman's housekeeper by i
competent lady of experience, with a boy.
Address 'M. H.. 204 Valencia st., or apply In
person.' \u25a0 \u25a0 - -
A SALESLADY would like position In mer-
chandise business;. 12 years' experience;
*i>peaks English and German. -"Address, by
letter. R. M.. IC4O Bush st.
A WELL educated young German lady < wishes
a position as nursery governess or aa use-
.. ful companion to a lady; best of references.'
Address A. 8., 1105 Franklin st. " -
YOUNG girl Just - arrived *f rom Ireland ' desires
situation as chambermaid . and .waitress; In-
experienced; first-class stitcher; " city; or coun-
try. Address L. R., 753 Howard st.
EDUCATED German lady wishes a position In
first-class family for upstairs work and sew-
ing; has best, references- and long years 'of
experience. Box 4613. Ca11.,,
YOUNG woman wishes position as ' housekeep-
er; good mother to children; "none but reliable j
parties need answer. .. Box 1214, Call. /
WANTED-^Work in a store or -plain ' sewing
by tfre day. 104 South. Park. -^^
YOUNG girl for general housework; ' wages
$25; call or write.' 411% Thirtieth, st., near
Sanchez. ' • .\u25a0,--•' ",
POSITION wanted v as bookkeeper, cashier and
general office work; experienced. Box 4600,
Call office. - . " . , . >..\u25a0\u25a0"- *;/\u25a0"•
A POSITION wanted by ' a French girl to do
second work- in a family. Address 31S
Keurny st. ..'"..\u25a0
DRESSMAKER wants situation; 'will furnish
best references and- diploma • from school.
Add.-ess MRS. T. 1.. 1504 Folsom st.
COMPETENT German woman wants washing
and» ironing *by day. 1203 Vallejo at.: no
postals. • \u25a0 , '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'..• . \u25a0- ' - \u25a0
.WANTED — Situation as cook : and L helper in
hotel, boarding-house ior camp. ' HENERY
VOGEL and wife. 731'FolBOm st."
A NEAT womanwlehes to go out.-small wash-
' ing and house-cleaning by the day. 308
Van Ness av.e.t" . ,' : -: < .
YOUNG woman wishes \u25a0 position . aM . chamber-
maid or working housekeeper In small, lodg-
ing-house or. transient house. Box 4601. Call.
A NEAT woman would like to do plain cook-
ing and some housework in ' small family;
wages $30. Box 4C02, Call ; of flee. -
GIRL would like to pose : in exchange for In-
struction in drawing; age 20: height 6 feet
0 inches. Box 3823, Call office. " _.
HOUSEWORK by neat rellabte woman: good
cook; small wash; wages $20. Box 3006, Call.
PLAIN washing Vto do at home. Box 4641,
Call office. "\u25a0-.';. -".': •;"--;- "\u25a0\u25a0
AN experienced Infant's nurse, city, references,
wants position. Sutter: St..
MIDDIJ2-AGED ladyjfrom East as nurse; city
or countr>-. .. 16 Hampton place. '\u25a0'.'\u25a0. .
COOKING In boardlng-housa .by • colored wom-
an; first-class cook. /'Box *l«.us,yCall.'- __\u25a0
AN experienced woman desires permanent care
of in\-alld; ; references. \u25a0 Box 3551, -Call.; T
COLORED woman -wants » position : for house-
work. Box 3893. Call Office. '. - \u25a0 \u25a0
YOUNG Japanese girl/ who has a good Japan-*
; ese ', education, .wishes ; position in ; flrat-clab*
'-'.\u25a0family:. '\u25a0' family: for upstairs work. =- 121' Haieht st. .
JAPANESE girl wishes position as cook or
• any kind of Job;, had experience.' v YOSHI,
; 417, Jones st.;. phone s East. 3015.. : v V
JAPANESE girl wants ; situation to'do.house-
\u25a0 ' work or cooking. \u25a0- Address - 1225 Fulton l st. :
phone-Fell 2654.-" \u25a0/'\u25a0''-. v .:.".."- '.'I- \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0- "
, EMPLOYMENT WASTED-JIALE.
RELIABLE, man -.with - experience^ wishes >posl-
:,",tlon for care of. building or property; best -of \u25a0
. references and -bond •If j necssary. -, Address
box 1222. Call office.' \u25a0'. -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.\u25a0 •-: .\u25a0;• \u25a0- " :\u25a0'; :.
YOUNG, man,, business college \u25a0graduate,'-, would
like position Jin; wholesale house -or ; office: as
: " bookkeeper, or. assistant.',-" Box • 1217, ;' Ca11.' , \u25a0:
WANTED-—A . situation to .do ', gardening,^ take
. careof: horses;; handle -carpenter; tools; 'good
: driver. \u25a0 H. 8., 013: Montgomery, st."- \u25a0\u25a0;-. : ; - 'v
MAN," 25 ; years, 1 - wants < employment \ln P store;
worki up; 'moderate;: salary 1 to f - begin ;\ good
--''. character and .references. -Box r lOCS,'* Call/-;
STENOGRAPHER— Young \u25a0 man', desires ' posi-
; ' tlon : v< Remington % operator; - good « refernces ; :
: ;'can leave city'lf nt-ccssary. i. Box;. 1212,' Ca1l. 1 ;;'
MACHINIST-rGood : all-round hand; experienced,
' 'on i tools and '.-; dies. - .wants « position ; -no '\u25a0> ma- •
chine shop. .Box ;100;y; 100;y- Call, office. ... y
TO Plumbers—^A 1 handy. than wants to learn the^
;-, trade.? - 'Address ; ; letter - ; to \u25a0 Plumber,' post-
: office,"; Alameda; Cal. -. . \u25a0-> '; .'-v-.s-: :.,";. ";
BUTLER •' or valet i by ; flrst-clas? \u25a0 man; : Swisj;
•'•\u25a0.'; speaks Frenoh.": German and English; city, or
,-t - : country ; \u2666 best .\u25a0 references, t: 80x;i224 f " ; Ca11.,%^
YOUNG ', man rwa nts i position ; * good I show • card
. "..writer; t wages I reasonable. -£ Box { 1017,^ Call. , .:
'A*. SOBER.s reliable, middle-aged V man ; desires
\u25a0]:\u25a0;, a ; position las caretaker • or « watchman ; I ref er-
\u25a0-. \ ences ; lf . des'.red.-i F.'- G.^ 3601 .Army st. \u25a0
BOOKKEEPER— Situation -wanted » by i man ot
'. '-. 33; good . penman : thoroughly reliable; I would
5 take ; good posl tlon : as ' clerk.T-; Box : 1308,^, Call.
FIRST-CLASS I young ; man \u25a0> desires j steady 1 posl- '\u25a0'\u25a0
'- • tlon } as \u25a0 barber, : to .- start ! Monday.'?- Box 4622," ;
vj Cairof flee;.?;; : > n- ;•-/, -.;\u25a0 : .v • -\u25a0;:•-. \u25a0.-.:.\u25a0\u25a0 -.:.^-:^v.^' ij
BUTLER *• and s valet ; - thoroughly . experienced ; -
'. If excellent references.' -. Box 8804, Call office. .-\u25a0
' ' ' 1. 1i fr.ll 1 ,11. v |ll]|i|llT'llll I HIII>H' l <W I " BfT'liWll illTll>
EMPLOYMENT .WANTED— MAIIE--COH
,WANTED4-An "\u25a0: elderly "man now" employed as
- watchman. In a family. hoteU ls _ desirous, of
': making --. a:• change ; and accept •a" similar \u25a0 po-
; eltion Jn- hotel, apartment- house or office
• jbuilding; references as to ; sobriety . and ; re-
\u25a0: ' liability. >,-\u25a0. Addresa Box 1447 . Call. ' " \u25a0 '.\u25a0 .
CONSCIENTIOUS, efficient service— You'll get
• it it we deal- experienced in. business,' ofnee
4- and country life in all their, details,; mental
and • manual; healthy, active, ' good habits,
good presence, "middle-aged; bond. Box 4046.
-; : : Call office;- - •\u25a0 . \u25a0-.• ; - " ' ;
YOUNG man wishes to get -a Job as interpreter
-in Italian, French, German- and' Spanish, . or
as valet for travelers through Europe for. ex-
planation of everything In all large cities In
Europe. , Box 4629.' Call. . . .-7 . •
AN absolutely honest, sober, . industrious youns
man wants position ; private place ; under-
stands \u25a0 driving, care of horses. \u25a0 garden.- lawn,
milk, can paint and do any repairs needed
arourd a place. Box 4863.: Call. ' \u25a0
MAN thoroughly acquainted with shoe, furnish-
ing and clothing business 'wishes -responrlble
position; good ad writer; steady, and gooa
appearance; no objection to going . o-.'t .of
city.' Box 1306. Cail.
SITUATION j wanted ;' gardener In all branches.
landscape, 1 greenhouses, , etc. : single, middle-
aged,, sober;' best of references;, private or
: commercial, place.? Box .3018. Call office.
SOBER man wants place to do light chores;
understands garden, horses; can milk; small
wages preferred. • Box 6164. Call office, Oak-
land. - . .
YOUNG married man wishes position of any
kind; understands care of ' horses; experi-
enced' driver; thoroughly' reliable. Box 4615
Call of lice.
AN expert accountant wants small set books
: of firms or persons to keep evenings or Sun-
day; terms low; interview requested. Box
4690.^ Ca1l office. \u25a0
YOUNG man, S5, first-class chauffeur and au-
tomobile man. • understands all cars, wishes
car Ito run and take care of; will work rea-
, sonable. JONES. Milton House. 156 Third Et.
YOUNG man, aged 24, with 3 years' experiencs
, In the hardware business.' 'wi»h3s position
filling orders or felling goods; city or couc«
try; best of references. Box 3So.'i. Call.
EXPERT accountant wants small set books
for firms or persons to : keep; evenings or
Sundays: ; terms low; Interview requested.
BOX.-3559.. Call. . .
POSITION wanted • by respectable old gentle"
\u25a0 maa as bartender in country hotel or road-
house; sober, steady and reliable; wagea no
object; good references. . Box 3781. Call. -
YOUNG man, speaking Spanish. French. Ital-
ian and English, wishes position. Box 3'Jl2,
- Call office. - j,
MIDDLE-AGED man who can do house, gar-
\u25a0 den work, plain cookings etc.. : wants sltua-
: tlon: references: wages $20. Box 120S, Call.
MAN with a email family wants position on a
ranch; capable of handling fruit, stock or
hay. Address 551^ Howard 'st:. S. F. ".. |
DENTIST: first-class man, wants \u25a0 situation ;
state wages. ' Address H. C. STUART. D.
D. S.. 448 Central aye., Alameda.
STEADY, reliable younsr man, with good ref-
erences, desires outdoor work, to care for
lawn or; garden, etc. "Box 3847, Call.
MAN wants position as watchman; sob;r; well
recommended; city, country. 2 Lexington aye.
FIRST-CLASS German -barber would llKft
steady position. Box 1014.. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants wcrk to milk and
care for horses and garden. Box 4092. Call.
TYPESETTER wants a position In city or
country; good references. Box 4614. Call.
WANTED— Situation: steam fireman; coal or
oil. Apply 1410 Kentucky st. , '. .
SITUATION wanted by first-class cook. L.
CHING. 758 Clay st. - ' \u25a0
A NICE Japanese boy desires a position ac
houseworker or barboy; has references and
good knowledge of Engllsn. SAKATA. 804
Stockton st. •
JAPANESE first-class family cook wants post-
tlon; has best city refernces. JAMES NITTA,
\u25a09 Meacham plac*. off Post si., between Hyde
and Larkin. ' .'"..\u25a0
JAPANESE couple want positions as gardener
and cook; can milk cow and take care of
horse. F. SAITE." 908 Telegraph aye., Oak-
land. .. : ' \u25a0 ;-;-\u25a0: ..,.'-.- - - * - '.' :\u25a0
JAPANESE boy, gentle and honest, wishes po-
sition as a • schoolboy at near address. -H2
. Devisadero St.; phone : Page ,210 ft .. . „
FIRST-CLASS Japanese waiter wants position
as family waiter. JAMES ONI 1304 -Post :
\u25a0St.; phone East 3724. .
YOUNG Jauancse boy wishes . position as
waiter or I any kind of Job; , speaks English
well. YAMA. 417 Jones St.; phone East 5615.
JAPANESE honest boy wants "a position for
housework. I. HONGO. ' 2202 Fillmore st.;
phone West 506. \u25a0
JAPANESE, honest boy. wants school-boy po-<
sltlon housework. 3359 Sacrament. St., T.
..NAKAMURA. " - .'.--: ., ..'\u25a0 .-V ':
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook .wants to •: work
for "good family; good recommendation. Ad-
dres3 610 Jackson St., S. F. \ A ' '
A HIGHLY educated Japanese, wishes position
in store. ' 2C02 Union st. \u25a0 \u25a0 '
JAPANESE man. 'washing, kitchen work.
KING. 492 A Halght. - \u25a0
CHINESE with best reference as : an excellent
and experienced family cook, wishes . a po-
sition, city of - country. 'Call «6r write to 721
Stocktcn st. Phone Red 5973. "\u25a0
CHINESE cook for general family work. Ad-
dress A. HIM. care Sing Tal; 610 Jackson st.
FIRST-class Chinese cook wants situation in
private family. "AH HING. 1112 Stockton st.
CHINESE boy.7 first-class family cook, wants
position. 522 Dupont at. \u25a0'-\u25a0' ' . '.
FLATS TO : LET.
AAAA
Every desirable \'acant dwelling Is listed . In
our renting department. Combined -lists from
25 of the larcest agencies. Save a world of <
time and trouble.-,- »\u25a0 .-. \u25a0,
Service is absolutely free. "
\u25a0' You are not asked to buy or even look at fur-
niture. Welcome! - •'
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY.
103.) Market gt.. opposite McAllister.'-- \u25a0
AAA— COMPLETED LIST *OF HOUSES.
\u25a0-FLATS, apartment and rooming-houses; our
' renting department ia free to all; we can find
you a: home ".In auy part of the city: ask for
no payment other, than your good will; we do
not ask you to buy or even look at the goods;
use", this 'department freely; you are more
CORDES FURNITURE C 0.," 245-259 Geary
at. .;. (on the, square).- ...\u25a0'.\u25a0'--\u25a0-.-
TO_ let— Lower flats; 39 and 43 Langton st..
near Seventh and Howard; 4 rooms, bath
' and washtubs.' \u25a0 . - -v -
Flats;. 118 and HS'i Perry St., near Third;
6 rooms, bath and wash tubs.
"659 Jessie ; St.. 6 rooms.
FINE modern fiat. 7 ' sunny ; rooms, basement,
yard; reasonable to ".'ooJ temiii:. 1.«7
i-'- : "- O'Farrell \u25a0 st. r.:~.\-.-;* \- : .-". :'.'.':.',
; LOWER flat;" 5 modern sunny rooms and bath;
separate entrance; must be seen to be appre-
;;'olated., 317 Laurel St.; rent $27.50.
1 FOURTEENTH. 772, bet." Church and San-
: chez— Flat of ; s large sunny, rooms,: bath; \u25a0 all
.modern Improvements;; rent reasonable. :•"*
HAIGHT,"-1061,'neair Baker— Sunny 6-room flat;
- facing Buena Vista aye. and park; healthiest
\u25a0.; location. ;« \u25a0:.'--.rr~'' \u25a0•;"\u25a0: .:._*.'
I MODERN flats; 5, 6, .7 room; yard," basement.
1029-1937, O'Farrell st:; 'low- rent- to" a good
[[.'tenant.,''. \u25a0•_ ".: "\u25a0"'.-\u25a0\u25a0":-•='\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 __\u25a0 -• r -' ; .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . -
I FOURTEENTH. 435. near Valencia— 6 Modern
; \u25a0 ;- sunny, rooms: middle flat. -Apply ' 437 Four-
.J.teenth' st."i:rV;..::l :. ..-y- >T^:;.s; t-v-*.-;, . .-" ':y.-
BRODERICK;, 143, 7 . near :\u25a0\u25a0 Halght— Modern > 8-
I ;- :", room • flat : . marble , steps, , beam • cellinss, ; elec-
' : trie '.. light?,',; etc. ; -. owl : cars ; » rent reasonable. '
ELEGANTfIat of ,7 rooms; all latest Improve-
•;ments;; 715;Grove,st. ..--.\u25a0 ; : ,..:'-.'- v - r ::- 1..
HARRIET, 270 «4. off Bryant, near Sixth— Sun-
..nyflat; 5 rooms;:sl2. > -v.- :
A' SUNNY, upper flat-of \u25a0 s.rooms,. rooms, bath, -nicely
<- papered; 5 reasonable ;-; water;: free. '\u25a0».? 527 i Hill
BEAUTIFUL : . modern .• upper 17, > sunny " rooms.
_J NE; cor. ' Jackson and 'Larkin sts. ; \u25a0 rent j reas.
SUNNY unfurnished flat of 0 rooms.ibath; rent
-; $27 50;; furnished .*, $35. . U533 ; Larkin ; st. i-j^j:
MODERN flat;" 6 rooms."; 227s ' Geary st.: rent
-' ?25.--- /-\u25a0.-;.---..:-'-.- ,'/,-" "•-:-\u25a0- ; -v- \u25a0.--'..y-\ ::'-\u25a0;-.' :--. -^.'
BEAUTIFUL" location : ', Hayes and Stanyan ; Q.
:~iG. - Park ; 4 r.u flajts.': $25; ; ne w ; ready; this wk;
PAGE,: 482." ibet.% Buchanan ": : and ;: Webster—
:; i Flat. 1 -; 5 / sunny i rooms, r bath i and .- yard ; ,' reas."
CLARA;i>2I7-rrSunny'v bay .'window, flat .0/ 3
-a large ; : rooms; 3 rents reasonable.^-- '\u25a0'.-". . ' •
MASONICJave. » I227. i near \ Halght— New flats;
fvsvirooms."'bath;frentf rsasonable.,*. -.'; :.
SUNNY ? flat ;toilet;lßi rooms; and 'bath. , Zl2\
;* Fourteenth.*; st. ;t apply f k wlthln^ v "' .'•.'.' :
$25-^ELEGANT . upper w flat; 'i' 0 '•\u25a0 rooms. -.' bath.
>-'\u25a0 garden; :\u25a0 ,; 2719 ; Pine ,' st.,l near;. Devisadero.
PERRY." 254.** near i Fifth 'and s Harrison— Four-
;",T room *x flats, : ; $12 j month. .i. : \u25a0'>--,' :
$17— CORNER : upper » flat."- 5 : sunny ' rooms and
,; bath;: tinted.; 3336 Twenty-sixth st.V nr.* Capp. -'
.-\u25a0.; : '*<\u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0 •: ' \u25a0;\u25a0 \u25a0 -:- : : \u25a0 '\u25a0' '
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
$20 PER month : 4-rbom flat ; nicely furnished.
with bath.: 1307 Point Lobos aye.. near faec-
ond aye.; Geary-tt.; car passes door. -
DEVISADERO. 1627.'. near Sutter— A sunny.
modern,* handsomely furnished flat ot : J
rooms;: lights and - bath free; rent $22 CO.
PARLOR and" alcove dining-room, kitchen,
bath; nicely furnished: piano, etc.; $ — w-
2S-S3 Howard st.'-'- \u25a0\u25a0.'-' '- \u25a0 - -' :
FLATS FOR SALE— FUnmSHEP.
A SNAP— Must be sold: leaving city; well-fur-
nished . 7-room .3at;> sunny corner; mans
offer..- 103 South Park. " '.
NEWLY furnished, sunny, upper 7-room flat:
will sell or rent cheap. Box 8759. Call office.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A— PHONE, South. 1015; It will pay you to send
for me before you sell your furniture, w-
petss piano, etc. M. OALLICK." 201 Larkln.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market
et.. bet. 9th and 10th, paying big money for
furniture, etc. Phone South 179.
CALL up East 2388. 'A; L. Storrs. 6?2 Ellis
St. : cash paid for your, furniture, carpets, etc.
Alfred Wollpert, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
pays highest price for furniture, carpets, etc.
HENRY MAYER Days highest prices for
\u25a0 nlture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel.Bush 313.
2 ABE LEVY. 11S5 Market St.. phone Jessie
761, pays cash and ' buys everything.
FURNITURE FOR S AXEI -
ALMOST given away; unredeemed . storage pl-
anoa and fur. Whltehead's Storage. 163Q Mkt.
FLORIST GARDEN. __
TO LEASE — 6 acres rich soil; plenty water;
near Mission st. Owner. 636 Clay st.. r. 1.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A^^OTRAxTcAI! EMP. CO.. BSS CFarrell.
Male -and Female Help. Phone Main 3423.
Housekeeper, 2 gentlemen, fruit ranch... s-0
Kindergarten teacher (institution) $25
Lady's maid (lady living hotel) ?30
French or German governess (knowledge
music) :* **°
2 good parlormaids and • waitresses $30
3 good second girls (one German. Oak-
land) *25
Girl to take care of baby, Belvedere. s2o-$25
3 infants' nurses (one Alameda) $20-$25
German girl, care two children... ?2O
1 Nurse. 2 children, 3 and 2 years \u0084.525
Girl to assist housework (lady and child). s2o
Chambermaid and laundress, good place.. s2s
2 chambermaids (one mixed work) .$2O
4 girls, hswk., San Rafael and Ross.s3o-$35
5 cooks, German and Jewish cooking. ,$35-$4O
0 girls cooking and downstairs work.s2s-$3O
Cook, mining boarding house $30
2 cooks. Institution (one Oakland) $33
Nurse, sick children's ward (Institution). s2s
COOK, small rssUurant $10
4 cooks. German families $30-S3V
Cook.- small hotel San Rafael- $30
Cook, 12 students $30
Par.or maid and waitress $30
2 laundresses. . private families ....533
Chambermaid, private family .....$X>
Dining-room girl for a home $23
Nurse, (j-year-old boy $3O
8 girls to work In candy factory $4-8 week
Chambermaid, wait one meal $20
4 hcus:work girls, city $30-$"5
2 nursegirls ...... V. $15-$25
Chambermaid $20
:i se.ond girls $20-SV!S
Butler $si)
French maid $30
41 gsne-al housework girls, city, and coun-
try. $20-$25-$."O. Call to-day. ,
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A — TWO chambermaids for first-class hotel,
city; $20 each. MISS PLUNKETT, 428 Sut-
ter et., near Powell.
GIRLS to learn halrdresslng, manicuring, mas-
sage, etc., from A to Z. In 1 month for $8 to
those tntering now: 7 positions to fill guaran-
teed -at $10 per week up; day and evening
class. 234 Post St., room 17. second floor.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery for fall; 2
seasons from start to finish In 1 mo. for $15;
positions guaranteed $12 per week up; learn
new for fall positions. 234 Post. r. 16. 2d flr.
LEARN halrdresslng. facial massage, manlcur-
lng.scalp treatment, hair work.removal super-
fluous hair; day, eve. classes; positions walt-
ing;slo week up. 210 Powell, r. 2-3, 2d floor.
WANTED— Alteration hands on skirts and
jackets. — - — \u25a0* ': .
O'CONNOR. MOFFATT & CO..
121 POST ST.
SEWING machine operators on shirts; clean,
light factory; steady work;, inexperienced!
young women 1 taught and . paid while learn-
lnK. LEVI. STRAUSS & CO.. 1873 Mission
St.. bet. 14th and 15th. MR. HINDSHAW.
sewing machine operators on over-
alls; no experience necessary;
good pay; steady work. levi
strauss & co., 32 v, fremont st. mr.
Davis.. •.;.-..-•' . . :
EXAMINERS and operators on shirts; steady
work; bfst pay. ULMAN. SEELIGSOHN &
BROWN, 715 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands on cloaks, suits
and costumes; permanent position and • gocd
salary. .. Apply cloak department. White
. House. .*• " ;x.; x . \u25a0
WANTED— Young girls to work In knitting
mill; good wages. -GANTNER & MATTERN
CO., -CO7 Grove st.- "'"'
A GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for gen-ral
houeework; no washing ; $25. Call 233 Third
aye.; Richmond District.
NEAT'young girl for second work In country:
5 in family: wages $20; «all between 10 and
12 Wednesday. V 023 Grove st. ; \u25a0 • a \u25a0
OPKRATORS on cloaks wanted at M. SIMI-
NOFF'S, 122S Market st. ; . -
WANTED— Alteration hinds on ladies' s!cfrt»
and coats. CAILLEAU'S. 114 Kearny st.
GIRLS of 16 years; references; good opportun-
ity. Carson. Glove C 0. '123 Second st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $20. 720
Cole St.. after 0. - .
YOUNG, woman to help In store. Box 1226,
Call .office.
GIRL for general house'vo.-K; wag« 3 $20; tat
fare: 1715 Green 3». . -
GIRL for lleht housewefrk; sleep home; wages
$12,300 Hayes street. \u25a0_' • -- '-
BINDERY girls J to " run numbering machine
and ruling machine; feeders ' wanted." Mutual
Label and Lit ho Co., Second and Bryant sta..
Bryant-st. entrance.
WANTED — Young women to ' learn telephone
operating; salary whlls learning: references
. required. Apply after 9 a. m.; 216 Bush St..
third floor. :': ' .'\u25a0 .' - ' ' \u25a0
WOMEN to learn hairdressing. manicuring and
massaging: . only . takest four, weeks; special
" terms to next 10 students; evening class from
' 7 to 9. Moler System College. 405 Powell st.
EXPERIENCED millinery : saleswomen want-
ed. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
EROS.' - • . .
EXPERIENCED pants operator; steady work;
high .wages to right- party. , 121 New Mont-
.;_ gome ry st., "room 6. . \u25a0
CIGARETTE makers wanted at H. BOHLS &
CO.'S, 244 Fremont st.; .to make Kadee
cigarettes. .
YOUNG ' girl for- general ' housework; wages
- $25 ; call or write. 41 1 \ i . Thirtieth St.. near
, Sanchez. %';
FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted on tatlor-mado
suits. BARON'S. 226 Powell st.
WANTED— Apprentices. "BAßON'S, 228 Powell
street. ' . . '
BRIGHT younc -lady to assist in store and
" . office:- . Siberian Fur ; Co.. "408 ; Pest ' st.
FUR operators and finishers. ' Siberian Fur Co..
-. 4CS Post', st. V-. .-.-.;\u25a0-; ,'. " . \u25a0 .
NEAT , girl for general housework." 2706 Sac-
;rarnonto St. ..."\u25a0: V'I^BBMIHJHHMSJ
TVANTED-A shirt polisher. 3372 Mission st.
WOMAN; for ; llsrht \ housework family of four;
:no children; $20 per month.Box 3914. Call.
GIRL" for * cooking and housework; wages $25.
T. .P. •> ANDREWS.: 109 Montgomery »t:"-.-
jFIRST-CLASS waist • and coat hands. 1200
. \Geary, st. \u25a0;\u25a0'\u25a0. ,-- .. ' \u0084:."-"\u25a0 .->
BARBERS— -Employment : and ' Supplies.
BARBER r shop; -'irfie} of - . handsomest ' ' 6-chair
'shops and, baths across the. bay: owner about
to retire;, can be bought on favorable terms.
STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
BEST \u25a0 2-chair^ shop . In .Alameda. with cigar
Etand, that pays expenses of shop: reasonable-
* lease. 1544 Park > st., * Alameda.
BARBER - shops '.wanted: all - those \u25a0 that can
- ? bearj" close f investigation tas • to ' their merits
.'may. apply; to P.", STOLTZ.-.723 Market' st. '' ..;. ;
9- r CHAlßi£hop:;dirtcheap.if sold by the Ist*
"sickness: called East. : 5 Sixth st. \u25a0-'<
BARBERS. ETC. — Continue*.
$500— 3-CHAIR barber shop for sale; near dtyj
hydraulic chairs; cheap rent; choice location;
Hxtuws first class; good business; rare op-
portunity seldom offered. COLEMAN. 311.
James Flood building. | .
BARBER "wants Job for Wednesday and
Saturday evening from 6:30 and Sunf.ay
morning. Call or phone Main 34W. Mer-
chants' Exchange barbershop. L. PETERS
•3<XV-4-CHAIR shop: near Market; good bust-
ness; will stand Investigation. Box . 1007.
' Cail office. x
GOOD barber shoo for sale; cheap. 228 East
St.; near Transport dock.
BARBER wanted with 13 months' experience.
1113 San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
FOR sale — Barber shop in club building; gond
business: 8 clubs In building. 925 G. G. aye.
3-CHAIR barber shop, old - stand; cheap: i
11 v. rmi.: good location. 1913 Hyde, nr. Gre«»n
BARBER shop. 2 chairs; living rooms In back.
757^ Brannan st.. near Seventh. _^
"WANTED — Two second-hand patent barber
cbclra. 142& Eighth st.
BARBER shop downtown: 4 chairs, running
leas*. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
$300 — 3-CHAIR barber shop for sale; choice
loca.: sacrifice. Coleman. 311 Ja3. Flool bldg.
HOPLAND barber shop for sale. JOHN R.
WALKER, proprietor.
HELP WANTED — MAIJE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'B 429 Bush st.
FREE FARE.. FREE FARE. .FREE FAR 3
FOR NEVADA FOR NEVADA
FOR SISKIYOU CO FOR SI3KIYOU CO.
FOR ALAMEDA CO...Ft>R ALAMEDA CO.
All New Railroad Work
Ship to- flay Bosses her* Ship to-day
Teamsters, drillers, laborers $2-$2 23
200 Greeks. Italians. Austrian*. n«— \u25a0 work.
fre« far*. $1 73 day. board themselves.
Blasting foreman. n*w railroad work. $3.39
day; tool sharpener ar.<s blacksmith. Sam«
place, $3 50 day.
Man that understands pile driving and coffer,
dam. party here, good wages, $4 to $9 day.
2 bcarding-house cooks, city. $50-SBO found.
First-class pantryman, country. $40 foua-».
Vegetableman city. $S week: pantryman,
city. $8 week; potwasher. city. $30; yard
man. city $30; butcher, country whop, $30
and found; young German bartender, neat
city, $25 and found: porter, store, city, $45
start: experienced wholesale fcouso porter,
city. $50 and more; strong youns man wh«
can drive, city. $1 day; helper on. cakes,
city $7 week and board ; dishwasher* kitch-
en hands porters, waiters, bellboys.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 42» Bash st.
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMPLOY-
MENT AGENCY. (Inc.)
635 Washington St.. Phon* JamM 8301
FREE FARE NORTH.
Nsw Work In Slsklyou County. $87 50
Near Oregon — Ship to-night.
100 Teamsters, $97 CO.
MINES SOUTH.
Boss here 11a.m. to-day.
' 25 laborers south: steady vrork $60
80 R R laborers north, steady. $47 SO
Lumber pliers (south), $60. Pliers (north).
$65. Second log loaders (east). $5O fd: $1 50
fare. Boys box factory (north). $2; east.
$1 50; chance to learn. General woodsmen.
$70. Axmen, $65. Swampers, $60. Carpen-
ters, finishers. $4. Carpenter nsar city.
$3 50; steady. Gold miners (Oregon). $3
and fd. Mucker* (Lassen County), boss
here, $75. Laborers and drillers, open cut.
fare refunded. $37 50. Two woodchopper*.
70c fare. $3 6O cord stove wood- Gar-
dener (south). $30 fd. Tlemakers. ship to-
night. ISc tie. Santa Crua; winter's Job,. $60.
Laborers, • near city. $60.
PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMP. AOCY (Inc.)
A— AMERICAN
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
€42 COMMERCIAL ST. PHONE BUSH 833.
CALL EARLY— CALL EARLY.
NEW R. R. Near O^ — R — E — G — O — N.
FREE FARE— IS Teamsters. $67 50.
FREE FARE— I 3 DRILLERS. $67 30; 23 la-
borers, $60; 15 laborers. $73; 2« laborers,
board home. $60; 3 staolemen. city. $60; 10
rough carpenters, north. $106; 30 \u25a0 laborers,
lumber R. R.. $67 50: 25 teamsters.
LOOK! NEW OCEAN SHORE R. R.
25 laborers $60; board where you like; it's
straight COMPANY WORK.
RANCH cook. $60. Short-order cook. $10 week
Cook and wife, $60. restaurant. Second cook!
country. . $40. . Cook and wife to rent *lta-
ing-room. and others. J. F. CROSETT A
CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
AMALGAMATOR. $3 75 day. 10 laborers, J:T-
day. \u25a010 • drillers.^ \u25a0$2 25 day: far* refunded.
Spool tender, $45 and found. 2 carpenters.
$4 day. Laundryman and wifs,, $5O anil
found. Farmers, choremen and others. J. F.
CROSETT _>CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
AT HORD & SMITH'S Employment Ofnce.
628 Clay st— Phon? Main 3521. f
Free fare to Nevada and free fare north.
Nevada— Laborers. $2 to $2 23 a day.
Nortli — Teamsters. $2 25 day. no discount.
Carpenters at $3 50 a day. company work.
5 granite stonecutters, south $4 3!)
I sand wagon team3ter In the city $2 ."•(>
' 3 laborers for the city, board home $2 23
Teamsters, near the city — $2 23
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton st.. ntxht at-
tendant and watchman for an Institution.
$30 f d : \u25a0 references required. Cook, platn.
hotel. $40; steward or head waiter, hotel.
$50; kitchen hands, from $23 to $30. etc.
A MAN and wlf« for a hotel In the country.
For full particulars call at MISS PLUNK-
ETT S. 42S Sutter st.
WANTED— Experienced pr»ss«r • for ladles'
suits and coats. . -
O'CONNOR. MOFFATT & CO..
121 Post it.
_____
WANTED for- U. B. army — Able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages ot 21 and 33;
citizens ot United States, of rood character
and temperate habits, who can speak, read
and write English. For Information apply
to Recruiting Officer. 204 Rlalto building.
New Montgomery m... San Francisco.* Cal.
WANTED — 3 bright, energetic youne men, well
acquainted In city and country, for positions
which will pay $3CoOper year; references r«-'
quired. Apply 244 Crossley building, be-
tween S and 4 d. m. ,
WAGON boy wanted. Apply betwten 0 antt
II a. m. *at HALE BROS. 1 -
\u25a0WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. « HALB
BROS.' . "
MECHANICAL draftsman wanted; must b» A
I 1 man; technical "graduate preferred: stat*
full particulars of education and experiene*.
Box 1221. Call. '
WE need artists . for our designing depart-
ment; must have a general knowledge ot
colors and black and white. Art Dept..
VARNEY ft GREEN. 7 Tenth st.
WANTED— Boys 14 or 13 years old C> zs&*
care of stock; apply Wednesday moralng. »
o'clock. I. MAGNIN & CO.. 4?-3.r HUN at.
WANTED— A good, bright errand boy; good •
wages.' Apply after, 9 a.' m. GANTNER &
MATTERN CO.. 22 Post st.
WANTED — Installment collector for merchan-
dise accounts: good salary and expenses. Ad-
dress Manager. P. O. Box 1027. Phllad'a, Pa.
YOUNG man wanted for diswashlng and to"
help on short orders. Calt to-day room 313
, James Flood bldg.
EOY t>> ~ort ar-uird store and run •rrari'lK:
wages $6 per -weak. Box 1223, stating asts
- and where last employed.
EXPERIENCED wrapper .at JOS ROSEN-
> BERG'S. 816 M»rket.
BOYS wanted: steady position. JOE ROSEN-
BERO'S. BtC Market st. . •-,
WANTED — Boy for factory. Apply MARKS
BROS.. 1220 Market st. , •
WANTEI>i-First-clai*s r>resw<«r on ladles' coats
and nlwrta.' , CAILLEAU'S. 114 Kearny.
OPERATORS on cloa&s wanted at M. SIM-
INOFF"S. 1223 Market st.
A GOOD boy for stor?; good wa?«s. 78 Ninth
street. - . __HO3(E* : •. .'
WANTED— Offlc* boy. Apply to MAILLIARO
\u0084\u25a0 fc gCHMIEDELL. r.n? Ssnsoir.e st.
A. BOY who has worked "at blackamttJilne at
\u25a0 lies Mission st."
A FIRST-CLAJ-3 carriage woodworker; stealy
work. 15Q4 Folsom st. -JjgSMftBBBIi
COOK — I.VKS * Kentucky st.
WANTED-^A union barber. .209 I.arkin «t.
TWO . carpenters 1 wanted. Apply. W WOLF
1111 Unuith St. .
\u25a0YOUNG man - wanted to learn the bakers'
.trade as helper; S5 p«r wwk to start." Call
:. room 31S. - James : Flood - building. -
YOUNG man familiar, with machine shopof-
"flce work:- bookkeeping and stenography. Box
1215; - Call ; of flee.*-
SALESMAN. -De Lux -Books, . for high-class '
proposition: Experienced, responsible. Nation-
al; Alumni.' 229 Parrott.bldy.. bet. 9-11 a.m.
BOY, wanted.;- BARON'S. 226 Powell st.
A' FIRST-CLASS carriage trr.imer $3 a Cxy
: and steady work. 1504 Folsom . sCADS MAKES PRETTY GOOD WAGES
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st..
Phone Main SS4B.
' Our Own Printing
, **ia»t !s!*u<»s our free list of positions four
times dally — 7 a. m., 10 a. tn.,
1 p. m., 4 p. tn.
_ EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION!
-OUR INVESTIGATION AND SEGREGA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OF
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
,_, . IF YOU WANT
THE BEff HELP. DO AS OTHERS DO-
SEND YOUR ORDERS TO '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0*\u25a0
MURRAY & READY. G34-C36 day St..
Leafllng Labor and Employment Agents,
Phone Main SS4S.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE. THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
IWH we gay« 1905 we hepe to
€•\u25a0000 men work. increase 64,000.
ARIZONA.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
HALF FARE RATE.
2^ laborers. $60.
Sleaov job 2 years.
• ARIZONA. ARE YOU GOING TO ARI-
ZONA?
LOOK— CARPENTERS.
23 carpenters, bridge work. $105.
BLACKSMITHS.
8 blacksmiths, tool sharpeners. $90.
FOREMAN KIGGER. .
Foreman rigger, pood wages.
ENGINEERS.
6 double drum heist engineers, $90.
MURRAY & READY. e34-636 Clay St.
THESE ARE ALL SPECIALS.
Bread baker, shop, fare $2 50. $50 found.
Butcher, country Job.
Butcher, chop, wagon, daughter, fare $3, $S5
and found.
.^ Old man, cook, gun club. $20 and found.
LOOK.
Boy, work in printing office. $1 day.
Driver, milk wagon, fare 25c, $45 and :d.
Stock farmer, Mendocino County, $30 found.
Poultryman, $30 and found.
Gardener, choreman, private residence, $20
and found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 C3ay st.
CAST YOUR
EYE ON THIS.
ONE THOUSAND MEN
1000 MEN
ONB THOUSAND MEN
FOR THE
NEW RAILROAD.
BIG WAGES.
2 YEARS" WORK.
SOUTH.
ARE YOU GOING 6OUTHT
DRILLERS. HAMMERMEN.
• ROCKMEN, ETC.
$75 A MONTH.
LABORERS AND MUCKERS,
$C 7 60 MONTH.
2 TOOL SHARPENERS, $90.
EOARD. ETC.. $20 MONTH-
ALL OPEN CUT WORK.
GOODS SOLD FROM
COMMISSARY AT COST.
SPECIAL R. R. FARE
$2 40.
BEAUTIFUL SOUTHERN
CLIMATE, NO LOST
TIME.
OFFICE FEE $1.
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
LOS ANGELES, $5 FARE
CATALINA ISLAND, $5 FARE.
NEWPORT BEACH. $5 FARE.
SANTA MONICA. $5 FARE.
PASADENA, $5 FARE
LONG ISLAND, $5 FARE).
POMONA. $5 FARE.
BEAUTIFUL REDLANDS. $5 FARE.
Where the Orange and Lemon grow, and
Flowers bloom the year round, and man i
X can
>\u25ba • WORK EVERY DAY IN
THE LAND OF SUNSHINE.
XOW NOW NOW.
25 two-horse teamsters, $t>7 £0.
6.". laborers, $67 50.
6T> hammerman and drillers, $75.
B3 muckers, $C 7 50.
\u25a0And^ hundreds of other positipns. BIG
UKEAT CROWDS GOING. ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY.
CTJ4-636 CLAY ST. .
OREGON— FREE FARE.
C* COAL MIXERS
$1 TON— ARE YOU GOING?
COAL MINERS.
MEXICO. -MEXICO.
£.'-0 Coal Miners.
MURRAY & READY. <i.'l4-63S Clay at.
TO SAWMILL WOODS.
(3 LABGRKItS $67 50.
FARE U.
Kfal estate and development syndicate; free
far*. '
• -*5 laborers, you'll #ult, office fee $1, $60
JA riKMAKKKS— SEE J'ii.
iIILLi:EN AND AMALGAMATORS. $90
KKEE FARC
QUARRIES AND TUNNELS
~> laborers, no exj>trlence. ship to-day, 11:30
a. m.. $60.
I'i.driilTs ship to-day, 11:30 a. m., $67 00.
- , I*> hc-ader men. thip to-day. 10 a. m.. 3 and
6 p. m.. $C 7 R&
\u0084 12 laborers, big new quarry, ?C7 50.
15 laborers arjt:nd steam shr-wl, $tf» 50.
LA BOREKS— TEAMSTERS.
365 laborers and teamsters, different jobs,
• t r..- in San Francisco. $2, $2 25, $2 50 day;
. come tee us.
FARMS, ORCHARDS. ETC.
General ranch hands $30 f...~. $40 found.
CHORE MEN AND BOYS.
Men and boys for chores. $15. $20, $25, $30
arid found.
DAIRYMEN.
Mi;k«rs. butter and cheese makers. $30, $;»,
$4" and found.
FREE TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
"^i Sl3. laborers, fare paid, you'll suit, $S3, $40.
$45 and found.
STABLEMEN.
• gtablfmen. different jobs, $.05 and found te
$60. $75.
. IS boys for different trades. $4. $5, $6 week.
556 LABORERS, $60.
BUILD NEW RAILROAD.
FREE FARE.
GREAT LUMBER OJMPANY.
SS laborer*, northeast. $67 50.
62 laborers grade railroad. XE., $tj7 50
. MURRAY & READY. 634-656 Clay et.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT, ETC.
' Cooks, different places, $^0. $75, $su, $40 and
found..
• Waiters, different places. $45, $40. $30, $25
fr.! found.
DISHWASHERS, PORTERS. BEDMAKERS.
£0 waiters, different places. $35, $30, $23.
•$20 and found.
Bell and elevator boys, different Jobs.
BUTCHERS AND BAKERS.
Butcher, slaughter-house work, $40 found.
Bakers' helpers. $75. $00. $50. $45, $35, $"0,
fJS and found.
BUTCHERS.
Butcher, «hnp and wagon, far* $1 «0 $35 fd.
6 BOOTBLACKS. $8 CO WEEK.
Midd!e-sg»d man. institution, $30 found.
MURRAY & READY. C 34-636 Clay st.
"~ " MECHANICAL. ~ '
Laffip-maker. city factory, pl«»ce work.
2 ROOF PAINTERS, city. $2 50 day.
X^toi worker, wagon blacksmith, shop. city.
$8 25 day.
BLACKSMITH HELPER, lumber co., $50.
CAMP BLACKSMITH, fare $3, $45 found.
Boy to help in blacksmith shop, city, $1 25
day.
2 ELEJCTRICIANS, factory. $60 found.
BELTMAN. FACTORY. $3 DAY.
2 rip mwy<»rß. south and north. $75.
2 .LUMBER GRADERS, SE., $3 DAY.
Mortiser and tpnoner hand, rity, $2 50 day.
Jl 6 CABINET-MAKERS.
Machine blacksmith, iron foundry, $3 50 day.
« lathers, city jobs, $2 25 M.
4 carpenters, car repairers. Los Angeles,
$3 25 day.
4 mm used to truck work. Los Angeles.
" \u25a0"' FREE FARE.
25 carpenters, railroad work, $30.
6 young men nr beys, learn cash and door
trade. 1 1 2» day.
2 water rubbers end polish furniture, city,
4"upho!st<»r*n>. fere 20c, $3 and $2 day.
"Wason -maker, woodturner, city, ?3 50 day.
Lime burner, fare $1. ?2 50 to $3 day.
3 PLUMBEP.S. $4 DAY.
3 cabint-makers: 6 blanket weavers,
iln-h'.rj* hand. rip*aw» $2 25 day.
It etlcker hards, rr.'ll. $3 60 day.
Machine Ftick»r hards. ?3 day.
CARRIAGE PAINTER. S3 DAY.
Bn*h hands, varnishing. S2 to $3 <*.sy.
2 tinsmiths, city wnrii, $2 to £3 <»v.
Furniture and cubinct-mcker. city. $2 50 day.
FREE FARE.
CARPKNTEP-S.
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS.
25 carr^Titfr*. corurruction work. large mine
corporation, special fare $1, $37 50; general
manager at our of fife.
!2 rouph carpenters, large lumber co.. $30.
16 carpenter*, plain hous* and *hed sad barn
and other work: corporation dcir.ir their own
work: far* *1 :3O; uteady job; $108 month.
• o caVper.trrfi. fT*clal new Job. r^nrtructinn
r.unkhmie*s. trestles, rtc, fare $1 25, $105
mo©*h.
*". carpenters, honiw R. R. work, free fare.
fIWIL '
c- rough oBrr»*nter«. city Job. $60.
R'-oeh carvcntT?. far* ltr. stf-a/iy Job. $75 f d.
<~<jrr* i nter. run Job, concrete bridge, fare SOc.
\r, carpenters. bu!ld clubhouse. $4 day.
CARPENTERS.
25 carpenters, house T*orx; fare $1: eteady
, i? carpenters, epeeial Jot>»; special fare. $2;
>*?. 50 day.
fr C\LKERS. WOCD rTTTPS, $5 DAT.
15 CALKERS. FREE FARE.
_ MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
" BOX FACTORY.
*5 wunr men. you'll do. $2 day.
MUKP.AT & READY, 631-C3B Cla/ St. j
HELP WANTED— MALE — Continued.
4 MEN and wives, ranches, $40 to $60 found.
MURRAY &. READY. 634-636 Clay st.
r 25 LABORERS in concrete, free fare.' 14 milea
away. $67 50,
12 RANCH TEAMSTERS. $32 50 fd.
9 TEAAISTERS. FACTORY. $67 60.
6 married laborers, good cabin there for
wives anfl children to live in, fare SOc, com-
pany work, $67 50 month.
12 LABORERS. BUILD FACTORY, $60.
• PLACER CO., CAL. FREE FARE. NEVADA.
55 laborers; you, yes, you, will do. Call early.
FREE FARE— NEW JOB.
20 drillers and tunneimen, $2 75 day.
, MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE— ALAMEDA COUNTY.
, 25 drillers, op^n cut work, $67 50.
25 LABORERS, open cut work. $60.
MURRAY & REAP*. 634-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE. ~~ ™
SHASTA— SHASTA and SISKIYOU.
25 teamsterfc. R. R. worlk ship to-night,
$67 50.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
BANTA CRUZ.
25 laborers, lumber company, eteady work,
$35 and found up.
MURRAY & READT, 634-C36 Clay St.-
SOUTH—^ARE $3. SPECIAL— SOUTH.
25 laborers, lumber cpmpany, steady job, $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
GOLD QUARTZ MINE.
S5 single and doable hand miners, $60 fd.
CO miners and muckers, different other jobs,
$S2 50 and $00.
. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
j FREE FARE.
25 carpenters, new railroad Job. $75 and fd.
Tinner, galvanised and sheet Iron, $3 day.
Blacksmith helper, fare $1. $2 50 day.
METAL POLISHER.
Metal polisher, city, $1 50 to $2 day.
2 roof painters, city job, $2 50 day.
LOOK.
) Blacksmith helper, tack on shoes, $1 50 day
and found.
Blacksmith, ranch, fare $1 25, $50 and found.
LOOK.
5 laborers, cut wood brush, ranch, fare $1,
, $26 and found.
COMMISSARY MAN. ETC.
Man to act as commissary, lnstlt., $30 found.
Laundry helper, country institution, $30 fd.
Driver, city grocery wagon, $9 week and fd.
House porter, first class city hotel, $25 found.
LOOK.
6 laborers, work in lumber yard nr. city. $60.
MARRIED.
Cook and wife, institution, boss here, $60 fd.
Man and wife for mine, man laborer, wife
cook, 6 men, $65 and found.
Man to handle hogs on ranch, fare $4 25.
$30 and found.
Slaughter-house butcher, rare $1, $30 to $35
and found.
Third cook, city hotel, $35 and found.
BARTENDER.
German bertender, 10c fare. $25 to $30 found.
ENGINEERS, ETC.
Engineer to run gasolina engine stamp mill
at mine.
12 shingle parkers, boss her*. 10c M.
3 Lathers, city Jobs. $2 75 M.
FREE FARE.
Foreman pllf-driver. bldg. coffer dams, $4 day.
NEW JOB. BOOTRLACKS.
12 bootblacks in city building, $9 week.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED — Estimation for interior finish and
woodworking plant; young man of good ad-
dress and knowledge of plans, with very fair \u25a0
Judgment of values can secure permanent i
preition; salary moderate till ability shown, j
Box ICOS. Call. j
BAKER ifirst-class) wanted for fine bakery
1 in Salt Lake City; wages to start $22 per
i week: if competent will be raised first
month; fare paid: call at once. Room 31S.
James Flood building.
MEN learn the barber trade In 8 weeks: tui-
tion earned while learning; situations guar-
anteed: only up-to-date colleges in America.
MOLER'S SYSTEM COLLEGE. 644 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
* that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third rt. : 250 rooms. 25c to SOc per night.
XVAST&Ii — Men to learn barber trade: new
method; tuition earned while learning; posi-
tion guaranteed after 8 weeks. GILLMAN'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 627 Clay st.
WANTED — A brass flnißher and lathe hand.
Apply at once to JOHNSON-JEFFREY CO..
460 Sixth et., Oakland.
ONE or 2 men to learn a gf»»d trade: good pay
while learning; must furnish $10 security.
31U Folsom «t.
MEN and women to learn the barber tra<l»;
i special offer to next five; new method. San
Francisco College, 741 A Howard st.
WANTED — Men to fill 300 rooms at 20c per
n!ght; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every room. CSI Howard, nr. 3d.
WANTED — 3 laborers, pick and shovel. Four-
teenth and N sts. South.
FIRST-CLASS lunch porter -warfted at Key-
stone bar. 27 7th st. ; wages $15; call early.
TWO young men wanted to learn paying trade
California Watchmaking School. 723 Market.
COATMAKERS. pants and vestmakers for
country. IiEISS BROS & CO.. 24 Sutter St.
DETECTIVES to learn the business: money
made while learning GO4 Montgomery, r. 204.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart St.
10.000 WORKINGMEN to buy our genuins
army Eh"-*: all Inspected. -105 Third et.
SAILORS asd young men (green hands) for
*h!p*. HALLBERT 617 Jackson st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. r.40. Phelan bid.
Past • Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
LABOR deb»« collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 49 2d st-. rm. 622.
DAUTEL wants ISOO men to buy Inspected
Government ishoes at 631 Sacramento st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., nr. Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms,
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 o. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Rranctwofflce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
HORSES A>'D WAGONS.
SECOND-HAND panel top wagon: Victoria:
rubber tire coupe; Toomey road cart; leather
top carriage and phaeton; cheap at 500 Gold-
en Gate aye.; also 2 Eets Zd hand harness.
A — FOR eale — 411 Sixth St.. 7 general purpose
horses; must be sold to settle an estate.
AUCTION eale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m., 327 Sixth at.
GOOD business and wagon horses for Bale
cheap. J. TOMKINSON CO.. 75 Minna St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
. 16 pages. »n wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let; eend for cir-
cular. G. H. UMB6EN & CO.. 20 Montgmy.
CLAY St.. 2737. near Pierce — Elegant resi-
dence. 8 rooms and bath; opposite Alta
Plaza: all modern conveniences: fix to suit
tenant. /
HOUSES..TO LET—FURNISHED.
COMPLETELY furnished 10-room house; fine"
location, to lease for one year; reasonable.
For particulars address GUS. HARRIS, 1423
Sansome st. .
OAK. 419 — Elegantly furnished house. 10 sunny
rooms. 2 baths, piano, garden, yard.
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALES.
SIXTH. 421— A nice, sunny house, 8 rooms
and bath; very cheap, $165; cheap rent,
$22 £0: a good plade to rent out rooms.
HOUSES TO LET—MILL VALLEY.
SUNNY villa, furnished: 7 rooms, bath. C.
TOOHEY. >i.- V.. or 312 Montgomery st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
TWENTY-SECOND, 2767, near" Bryant— Mod-
ern cottage of 5 rooms and bath; conserva-
tory, garden, chicken yard, basement; $25.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms. IH-story and basement;
Mission -st. cars to Crescent aye. on to first
street to right; $11.
$21 — SIX rooms, bath; yard, cellar; newly
renovated. 1705 Ellis St., near Stelner.
HOUSE-CLEANING.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Office— All kinds
help. . lftll Fillmore st.; phone West 256.
HOTELS.
HOTEL Et. Nicholas. Market, Larkln. Hayes
ets. — Heart of S. F. ; modern; American and
European plans: electric lights . and phone
in every room; hot and cold water; quiet.
INVALID CHAHIS.
: SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturer of the
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkf. tel. Park 775.
JAPANESE CONTRACT LABOR.
JAPANESE contract labor for farming, wood-,
chopping, tree pruning or any work; estab. $
>T5. Mateumoto & Co., box 123. Alvarado, Cal.
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, AVEDNESDAV^ OCTOBER : 25, 1905.
, . % LOST AND FOUJTD.
LOST— October 24, on Sutter St., between Oc-
tavla and Hyde, llzard-ekln purse with coat
of arms in gold and - blue enamel and i gold
bar with name Graham; contained: diamond
safety pin and change in silver. Reward $13
If returned to MRS. C. GRAHAM. 533 Post.
IF Dartv who took a cravenette from seat In
electrlo car at Napa Sunday morning will
return same to room 1038, James Flood build-
lng. will receive reward and save trouble.
LOST — Sunday afternoon, - diamond and sap-
phire bracelet; a liberal reward will be paid
for return of same. 1809 California st. -'•\u25a0\u25a0
LOST — Half old-fashioned black enamel gold
locket, containing baby's picture; reward.
Return to GEO. E. ERLIN. 214 Battery at.
FOUND — A gentleman's gold watch case;
number 608435. Inquire J. BRANNAN, 572
Howard st. \u25a0
LOST — Brown dog. Dachshund. Return to
2520 Gough et.; reward $5.
LOST— Plain, oval gold buckle attached to
black girdle; $5 reward. 2954 Van Ness aye.
LOST— Ladies' gold brooch; pearl In center;
keepsake; sul tablet reward. 2207 Fulton et.
LOST — Silver watch fob; monogram G. J. O. ;
keepsake; suitable reward. 914 Broadway. .
LOST— A pan-Qt; liberal reward. 102 Tehama
street. » \u25a0 .' -
FOUND— A diamond brooch. Box 3920, Call.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot- of' Clay
st., for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 634.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— LadIes, all who are
sick or in trouble, consult this specialist on
femals complaints; positively corrected; the
unfortunate helped; the most difficult cases
treated; every case taken; immediate relief;
no poisoning drugs; low fees; my methods
will cure all cases of Irregularity; consult
me; save time and money; advice free. Office
1018 Market St.; hours 0 a. m. till 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
\u25a0 male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. Office hours 9 to 5, Sunday
10 to 2. 1008% Market st.. opposite Fifth.
WOMEN'S disease? and Irregularities cured in
24 hofirs; 19 years'" experience without a fail-
ure; no trifling; strictly private;. elite patron-
age only. Dr. Sylvester's office, 1206 Market.
DRS. GOODWINS' herb treatment; reliable,
safe, prompt for female irregularities; relief
or no fee; $10; hrp. 9-S. 850 Mkt. St.. suite 37.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— orflce and residence
1021 ft Market it., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
A— MRS. DR. GWYER, 511 A Leavenworth St.,
bet. Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East 697.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 112(3 Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St.. corner
Twenty-sixth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. HOWARD, ladies' specialist— Relief or no
fee; $10: hours. 9 to 9. 906 Market st. ';.*?:•\u25a0>'\u25a0
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO.,
Office and Salesroom, 130 Beale st.
Works and Yards, Ninth and Bryant sts.
We have a brand new lot of pipe complete,
ready for Immediate delivery-
. 'a-inch pipe $."! 25 per hundred feet (new)
«i-inch pipe $3 95 per hundred feet (new)
1-inch pipe $5 70 per hundred feet (new)
l^-lnch pipe $7 60 per hundred feet (new)
li;-lnch pipe $S 90 per hundred feet (new)
2-lnch pipe... $11 95 per hundred feet (new)
2ft-In. screw pipe <2d hd); ready for use, 100
3-ln. screw pipe <2d hd); ready for use, 12% c
3&-in. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use, 15c
4-in. screw pipe <12d hd); ready for use, 19c
Send by check, money order or coin by W. F.
Exoress Co., with ord<?r.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office 130 Bcale st.
Reference— Any bank, banker or publication.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchan«ced; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MACHY CO.. 130-132 Beale »t.
BOILERS, engine*. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAK. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool, tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with- privilege of buying.: modern bar flx-
mres; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. 652 Mission St., S. F. '
A— BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
glnes. boilers, water plp*s, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 336 Main st.
BEAVER cape. $15; tan racket, size 36; aleo
brown walking skirt; bargain for $12. Box
. 39C5. Call office. % ___
MACHINIST'S lathe: heavy, 34-lnch 19-foot
bed 22-inch 9-foot bed. JOHNSON & HO-
RAN. 602 Third ct. '
MACHINERY, boilers and engines bought,
pold and exchanged; Dower plants in their
entirety bought. Western Mhy Co.. 230 Main.
14-K GOLD fountain pens.EOc; Sheffield hollow-
ground razors, 50c; selling out our cutlery &
stationery dept. SUNSET BAZAAR. 42 3d st.
A— GENTS' full dress suits to rent. J.
COOPER, 21 Stockton St., second floor. \u25a0 /
SEVERAL fine Martin guitars; bargains. 11.
M ULLKR, 2 Latham place.
GASOLINE engine. 2-horsepower. marine or
stationary; bargain. 602 Third at.
BEAUTIFUL gents diamond ring, 2 carats,
$100. PAUL V. GARIN. 114 Sutter St.
MAGNIFICENT pearl and diamond cluster
ring $100. PAUL V. GARIN, 114 Sutter st.
DUCK club membership for sale; Suisun
" marshes. Box 5000, Call office. „
DESKS and office 'furniture bought, fcold.and
exchanged. T. D. MCCARTHY. 807 Mission.
E. C. HUGHES — Printer. 611 Sansome St.,
San' Francisco. '-.
SOLID stiver tea set, 6 plec*srat a bargain. 10
Sixth st. - '
MILES of pipe and fittings, all sizes, cheap.
EUGENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
TWO merry-go-rounds '\u25a0 one miniature railway.
BACIGALUPI. £05 Kearny st. -
HIGH grade second-hand office safe and wagon
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 210 California.
SAFES — New and second-hand. .THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns,. sale, rental;
bargains. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscription* has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. \u25a0-"*
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento.
M. LEVY pays highest prices gents' cast-off
clothing. shoes; tel. Red 1P44. 615 Washington.
WE pay cash ladies' and gents' clothing. Til-
ton's Misfit Parlors. 154 9th; tel. Howard 1187
BUYS any amount of castoff clothing, etc.
MRS. MORRIS, 934 Folaom: phone Jessie 445.
DIAMONDS, etc. bought for cash. Karl.Eber
& Co.. 400-401 Adams bldg., 206 Kearny st.
r AIUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.'
A NUMBER OF UPRIGHT BARGAINS.
English upright, for practice, $65.
. French upright, a little better. $65.
Also a Chlckerlng, Vose/ Sterling," Curtaz.
tin: idi & Barnes, Mozart. Neuman. from $145.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell et. .
OUR large and Increasing renting business en-
ables us to rent the best pianos in the city for
$2 60 and $3 per month, some -at $2; one
vtar's rental allowed if piano is 'purchased.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes.
A NEW-piano for rent at $3 per mo. ; others
at $2 and $2 50; one j'ear's rent allowed . If
purchased. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO..
560 Hayes st. . ' ' - .
FIRST-CLASS upright piano, mahogany case;
must sell without delay; make \u25a0 offer. 684
Valencia' st. : - \u25a0 . \u25a0
AN Emerson upright,; $167. HEINE. 237
- Geary st: '"' • '"' \u25a0 ' • •--''\u25a0- --'\u25a0 \u25a0 :
SUPERIOR violin?, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
HORNUNG, 216 McAllister st., manufacturer
Hornung Bros.' pianos; agt.' I^ffargue piano.'
ELEGANT uprights, new, Ud-liand, - $40-$5OO.
PIERCE' B Piano Factory, : Murket _ and 14th.
ALMOST given away; : unredeemed storage pl-
» anos, furn. White head's storrge, 1636 Mrkt.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecil la n piano .
player. BYRON MAUZY, '30S -312 Post St. .
NEW, upright ' pianos sold on $5 ; monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
S-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickeriug baby grand.
- Shomnger little; used.: Keeffe' a. 255 O'Farrell.:
DR. LIEBIG STAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
:<• moved to 1023 Market sU, near, Sixth. ;
MONEY TO. LOAJT.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY, '
- 601-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements;. no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly. ;
Estates, .second mortgages, : undivided - inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and Ondivided in-
terests in property purchased. -\u25a0>'•'• • •.
Courteous treatment.. Strictly -confidential.
\u25a0 When you need- money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ANY salaried employe or wage earner can
\u25a0 . GET JUST ON HIS NOTE: \u0084"'"
\u25a0;.,\u25a0: Mo. Semi-Mo. Week.
$50— Return to us $13 35 or $6 65 or. $3 33
30 — Return to us 8 00 or .4 00 or .2 00
20— Return to u5...... 835 or 265 or 135
15 — Return to u5. ...... 400 or 2 00 or 1 00
Or any other cum and pay back in proportion.
STAR LOAN CO. o£ Wyoming, .
Room 311. . Mutual Savings Bank building. .
~ ~ WILL LOAN
reasonable : amount on
Ist. 2d or 8d
Mortgagee on real estate \
In city, town or country. . ' \u25a0
Low rate lof \u25a0 interest.
; ' Give full particulars -
of property.
Location, etc.
\u25a0 i ' Box 223. Call
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO.,
21 Stockton st., near. Market. - :\u25a0 .
- 2d floor. \u25a0'..••\u25a0 .
Loans made to salaried people without any
publicity or other.' Inconvenience on their
notes. Loans on real estate in probate; life
Insurance r policies, '\u25a0 estates, second \u25a0 mort-
gages, assignments of renta,- etc. - ' ' \u25a0
SALARY LOANS— ' - ... '
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge^ of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain'
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, ; at 1
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry fatore.
878 Market St.. tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192"
Market gt. and 27 Third st. - -\u25a0\u25a0•
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or other security; lowest
rates: 'no commission; . confidential. 606-7
Donohoe bldg., 8 Taylor st.. corner Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security easy payments; large business in 40
principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
A— Lowest rates on real estate, Ist or 2d mort-
gages, life Insurance, or on any. security, any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
ORIGINAL Uncle Bill— lf you look for lowest
rate of interest and square deal. Old Flood
bldg., SO9 Market, cor. 4th. suite 1, est. 1888.
MONEY, MONEY. MONEY.
Any proposition. 49 2d St., Wells-Fargo Ex-
prees bldg. Wage-Earners' Invt. A Loan Co.
ALVA Co. (The) loans money to salaried people
without security; good terms and easy pay-
. ..ments; *1 so on other security. 507 Flood bldg.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of Interest; gold,
silver, diamonds, pearls and precious stone*
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
SALARIED people without security; also on
furn. estates in probate, life ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan"ft Invest. Co., 612 Parrott bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81, 6 Kddy st.
ANY amount, real estate or other security;
$100 up. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. S.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hulton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
McGARVIE & C 0. .720 Market st.. loans money.
65 to 80 p»r cent of valuation of property.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorscr. MORRKLL 600 Examiner bldg.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TURK, 71S, above Van Ness aye.— Store and
four living rooms, yard. $30. .
DIAMOND. «19 — Store and- fixtures with
kitchen. $10; good for notions.
PERSONALS.
» • "D-R-U-G-L-E-S-S T-R-O-P-H-I-E-S' 1 • •
"REXRADIO'S" D-R-U-G-L-E-S-S T-R-O-
P-H-I-E-S: You should "READ A-G-A-I-N"
last S-U-N-D-A-Y-'S wonderful testimony by
W. ELLWOOD. 1114 Howard (INTERVIEW
him), of the INSTANT marvelously succefi*-
ful treatment of his EXTREME, DIS-
ABLING, alleged i-n-c-u-r-a-b-1-e LOCOMO-
TOR ATAXIA, signed also by F-O-U-U-
T-E-E-N prominent. EYE-WITNESSE3.
whose ADDRESSES you can have-— many
Eimilar cases filed at. offices, also of many
other supposed INCURABLE, diseases. Mr.
Engl^ke testifies: jj I the
case, also, others of DEAFNESS, Paralysl*.
DUMBNESS, Deaf-Mutelsm. and my daugh-
ter's large GOITRE. ; etc. My RHEUMA-
TISM remains cured .to date, "82 days."
During 20 years I was BEDFAST days and
weeks at a time; 5 SECONDS' treatment
"permanently" CURED " me. WRITE or
VISIT me: C. ENGLEKE. 221 Stelner st.
MY wlfp. Bertie White, having left^my bed
and board, I will not be responsible for
debts contracted -by her after this date.
PETER VOYVODICH. 265 O'Farrell st.
DR. MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer; he will
challenge the world to - produce its equal:
shipped to all parts ofworld. 382 O'Farrell.
$1 and $2 50 size bottles; take no substitute.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st. .
STAR hair remedy, tonic, restores color, cures
dandruff, stops falling; druggists, hair dress-
era. Star Remedy Co.. 821 Polk at.
OLD picture frames reflniahed like new: reason-
able. California Decorating Co.. 206 sth st.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.-, the tailor. 72» Market st.
MISS UNDERWOOD, electric needle special-
ist, 814 Sutter st. Pbone East 8640. ,
8 BRAND new tailor-made men's suits, cost
$25 for $9 75. 410 Bush, nr. California Hotel.
$1 A WEEK; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS,
1127 Market St., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO., 733 Mkt.
~~ PHTSICIANS~\AND \u25a0 SURGEONS.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body;' for
past four yea.rs at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 74G-S Clay st.
PAINTING AND PAPERHANGIXG.
ROOMS papered, $3 50 up; 75,000 rolls wallpa-
per. 5c up. Hartmann Paint Co.. \u25a0 319- Third.
PATENTS. /
' ..,-\u25a0 ~. \u25a0'\u25a0 .'\u25a0\u25a0'. .' , S.~— »- '--
INVENTIONS patented; U. S.; and foreign:
patent law. F. P. MEDINA. 532 Market st.
PROPOSALS.
INVITATION Tfor ISldB for Building Work.—
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received at 16 South Hall," Berkeley, Cal.,'
on or before 5 p. m:; October 81. 1905,; for
windows and doors for the president's house;
separate bids also for carpentry work, «tc,
for the intorlor furnishings' for -California
Hall; separate bids also for the buildings fot
the Forestry Experiment .Station at Santa
Monica.' Plans. and specifications are on (lit
nt said office, except plans and. specification-!
for the work at Santa Monica, which may be
1 s*«n at > the Forestry ~ Experiment ' Station
at Santa Monica. ; No bids will be considered
unless accompanied by. a certified check or
bond In favor of , the. undersigned, equal tt
10 per cent of the bid,, with sufficient su! e-
ties.' conditioned that, if the bids be accepted
the'bldd«r will enter > into a- contract fa' th-
fully to perform the obligations ia accordance
with said bids and with said plans and speci-
fications. The right to reject any, or all bids
is hereby reserved. The Regents of the Unl-
vcrslty of California. .:.'-.. :
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, • Navy Department.
Washington* ' D. C, -until : 10 o'clock;: a. m.,
November 21, • 1005. and publicly opened Im-
mediately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
. yards. -; Mare • Island. Cal.. - and | Puget Sound,
Wash.; a quantity of naval supplies as speci-
fied: Schedule 177— Steel rolling shutters,
drum hoisting engine. <: Schedule 178-r-Brass
wire.- electrical \u25a0 fittings. ; salt " water"' soap..
Schedule ' 179 — Motors/, rip .: saw ; • table, ' die
" sinking machine, surface •> grinding \u25a0 machine,
mirrors; brass.V: Schedule ISO— Paint -brushes,
brooms • Dowlas linen,\ dry • goods,': hardware,
, hydraulic leather, 'belt j lacing; ,plp e fittings.'
.Applications -for proposals should - designate
"by numbers 'the; schedules • desired. ;-. Blnnk
" I proposals will ' be '.furnished J upon : application
' to-the navy, pay office, San Francisco. Cal.
t • or to ! the Bureau. '•-* H. T. .. 8. -(HARRIS - Pay-
' master General., U.'S.N.; 10-4-05. ,' ;
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies " and * Accounts, .; Navy ;\u25a0•: Department,"-
Washington, vD.C; until Mo o'clock a.- m.,
November 28. : 1805, ; and • pnbliely . opened ; im-
mediately thereafter; to furnish at the . navy
yard..; Mare; Island. ..Cal.;. an '.- auxiliary ; fhre
alarm -system. :..; Applications ""for proposals
* '• should refer =• to Schedule- 187." Blank, pro-
posals will be furnished, upon application -to
the navy pay; of flee. San Francisco,' Cal/ -or
'to the Bureau. . H. T. : B. ; HARRIS, Pay-
>na»ter \u25a0 General .lU. S. V N.:- 10-ft-05. \u25a0\u25a0•:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ' .
['._- --U-RESTAPRANTS^..^.% ; ':\u25a0\u25a0'-
FIRST-CLA SS ) delicatessen ? and restaurant • for
w?sale:'; ; 436; Turk; st. < : - "
REAL ESTATE— CITY— .FOR SALE.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION."
REFEREE'S SALE.
By order of the Superior Court the following .
property - will -. be sold ; at, the salesroom of
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post St., on OCTOBER
26, 1905, at 12 o'clock noon:
IMPROVED.
MISSION STREET.
1633 to 1637 Mission St., between 12th and
13th sts.; lot 69:6x135; improvements consist
of 4 tenements, which stand on the rear of the.
lot; the front portion of the lot .'is vacant: a.
fine opportunity for building a well paying
business blocks; present rents . s76.' -
HOWARD STREET.
'lo2l*to 1031 Howard fit. and 10 Harriet St.,
being the south corner of Howard and Harriet,
near 6th ; has a frontage or T5 feet on Howard
and 80 feet on Harriet; 6000 square feet; old
improvements of- stores and tenements; pres-
ent rents $154 a month; «l valuable corner to
improve; a brick building erected on this lot,
consisting of stores and apartments above,
would produce a high rate of interest on the
Investment.- ' '.\u25a0 ••-./.\u25a0
TOWNSEND STREET.
236 to 235& Townsend st and 38 to 40 Crook
st. ; west corner of Townsend and Crook, bet.
3d and 4th, near the Southern Pacific depot: a
valuable' corner, 44x77:6. with an L of 11x17;
ptora and 6 flats; total rents $90 50.
TEHAMA STREET.
333 to 339 Tehama at., near 4th; four 2-story
houses; rents $85; lot 75x80.
UNIMPROVED. "
Lot on the west side of Arkansas st., 50 feet
north of Sierra; XOOxIOO. .
Lot on the west side of Arkansas it., 175 feet
north of Bierra: 76x100.
FILLMORE STREET.
2225 Fillmore st., between Sacramento and
Clay; store anH. flat of 6 rooms above; present
rents nominal. $67 50 a month; lot 25x90:6;
Fillmore st. as a business street is advancing
rapidly. Now is the time to buy. Don't wait
till prices are much higher Defore buying, but
do it now.
MISSION STREET.
2908-10-12-14 -Mission St., between 25th and
2Cth: choice lot. 65x80, covered with substan-
tial Improvements consisting of 4 frame houses,
9 rooms and bath each, brick foundation, all
In splendid condition; theee nouses cost $18,000
to, build. Rents now are, 2 for $30 each, one
for $27 50 and one for $25; total. $112 50 per
month. Mission street Is the busy street \u25a0of
the Mission, every block a business block: The
only street lutbe city extending from the bay
to the county line.
SIXTH STREET.
567 Sixth St., between Bryant and Brannan;
lot 23x120; 2-story building, rented as a stor",
and 19 rooms above to one tenant: each room
has hot/and cold water . and electric lights;
rents very low, $65 a month; a favorite locali-
ty fpr manufacturing and warehouse purposes,
being handy to the shipping, both by rail and
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post et.
SOL GETZ & SON, REAL ESTATE OWNERS.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK & OCEAN-
SIDE LOTS! :*
Profit by our Judicious purchases.
• We select our properties in best locations.
All ' Make. Money that, buy from us.
$650 to $1250 — Graded lots In Occanslde ready
to. build on; near Park,- Ocean & Cars; unob-
ttructed view of Ocean & Park. - Easy terms.
$250 to $1600— Lots along Ocean Shor^'R.' R.
Route; also /renting Ocean Boulevard; buy
from owners: best values; easiest terms!
$500 to $800^-Rlchmond Heights lots; choic-
est home sites ever offered at lowest prices.
Superb vl»w of Park. • Ocean & • Spreckels
Lake from every lot. Choicest locations. Cor-
ner Point Lobos & 34th Aye. Lots in graded
block cannot be beaten. • \u25a0
See Them To-day.
Oceanside Branch Office. Corner "H" St. ft
17th Aye. x. \u25a0"
Ooen Dally and Sundays.
$150 to $400 — Excelsior Homestead & Ocean
View lots, only $5 monthly.
$1500 to $3500 — Modern cottages: splendid lo-
cations In Sunset, Richmond, Oceanside & Ex-
celsior Homestead. _ , r -
Easy Terms.
SOL GETZ & SOX, OWNERS & DEALERS.
Room 54. Fourth Floor. Chronicle Bldg.
SELLING ~ s' - ~
TO BEAT THE BAND.
' ONLY $1 25 A WEEK.
$275— Elegant level . buildlnc'lota, close to
school; fine car service on Mission et. ; cream of
the Excelsior, Homestead ; stop paying rent and
raise the baby where the ozone is not polluted
with smoked and* dust, to say nothing of the
deadly microbe: no interest and no taxes.
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS.
;' . ONLY $10 A MONTH.
$4C0 — For finely located. lots 3 blocks, south
of the park; electric car service unexcelled;
enhancing In value with every stroke of the
clock; buy now; next week may be too late;
'•Nat Goodwin" Is not the only man that ap-
preciates this beautiful section; no taxes.
W. .T. WHITE COMPANY,
\u25a0-. 26 Montgomery St., room 8.
12 ACRES AT HALFMOON BAY FOR SALE.
Finest land for subdivision in this growing
district. Close to the famous beach! Adjoin-
ing the new" 1 depot right in town. All the lots
have already been rapidly sold surrounding this
tract. Can be bought cheap If applied for at
Room 02. Columbian Building.
UNITED STATES IMPROVEMENT AND
INVESTMENT COMPANY. .---
- ;MS; MS CALIFORNIA ST.
REAL, ESTATE DEPARTMENT.
$32,000 — Third-st; T corner; L lot; old building*
..now on pay good interest on investment.
.'Sure turn. -... .-'-\u25a0-.• ;
$30.000 — Folßem. St.. vicinity of Second; 3n«
\u25a0 site for warehouse; lot 60x150.
$16,000— Rented $1890 a year; Central Western
Addition, fronting a park; 0 new flats;
?\u25a0 \u25a0 every convenience;' fine investment. •
$6,500 — Rents $600 a year; finest view in city;
2 new flats; every t - convenience; lot
\u25a0' ; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. ..20x100.-' :: .-.".' '-• ' -\u25a0 \u25a0;.-\u25a0-
slo,ooo— BUSINESS corner on Kearny st.;
\u25a0 j must be sold; bargain; lot 25x57.
$8,500— Lot 22:9x57;; Kearny St.; good busl-
\u25a0 'ness property;, cheap. ' . " f
$3,750— Lot 25x56, with improvements; Laskie
:• St., -off Mission, bet. Sth and 9th: sts.
$700 — Two lots, each 25x75; -Holladay aye.,
\u25a0 '. Bernal Heights; very cheap. >-
$1,250— L0t 23x120; 17th aye., 100 feet "north
V"- .of Fulton St.; marine view; at entrance
' \u25a0 to Golden Gate .Park.
RICHMOND REALTY CO., 331 Kearny. r. 6.
MARINE VIEW— PARK LOTS.
$300.
$50 down— slo monthly.
\u25a0•:;: :.:/• ; -* no interest— no taxes.
•-.Adjacent to improvements costing millions.
Two electric roads ; will -be running wlth'n
'.-• •\u25a0.••-\u25a0 . ••\u25a0- V- ; one year.' \u25a0 -\u25a0"\u25a0:': \u25a0
Absolutely cheapen lets in Golden Gate Park
• ': District. .* '
Lots will double In valu* In Tew months..
,E.j; HOOPER.' 26 MONTGOMERY ; ,ST7__.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTiON COMPANY.
.Installment homes. 713 Jas. Flood building.
\u25a0 We build on your ' Droperty ; or .: buy • you a
lot; ; you : make a, small : cash payment, -then
$8 -per month -pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of v balance due. maktnsr - your
monthly; installment* less than rent; call or
\u25a0 Bend for : circular. > .\ - , ; . • .-; -. ;'\u25a0'.-\u25a0'
FOR sale — Corner of -Chestnut and Dupont sts. ;
- fine view; iSO-room: house; double flnUh \u25a0 out-
: side: Including furniture 'if d;s'-red: find etore:
.lot 47: feet on \u25a0 Chestnut and ..72*feet"--cn--Du-
.-' pont;.wlli-:be isold \u25a0 at; half - : cost. • : Apply *to
;the owner atj 293: Chestnut st. ; -, :
$2500— NEW.- modern r cottage,; 4- r. andib.': 1
:•-: : block . cars ; \u25a0 driveway. \ barn ; easy . terms ; $400
; cash, $20 ' per month. 3310 Mission st.- . :
FOR .- sale-^-Btore = building - with \u25a0 5-room \u25a0 flat \u25a0
-'.: above, on ; lot 25x100; st.,n;ar
\u0084 carhouse. j : HUFF & • BUCK. 2502 Folsom &t.
$6000— BARGAIN: residence, 9 handsome i rms..-
*\u25a0 bath'; solidly -built ;• sun I every room : nr Pan-
.'\u25a0 handle; $2500 cash needed:; P. j p." box 2290. :
ipoiNTiRICHMONb.'REAL'j ESTATE.:
I : 'NOTICE TO! MANUFACTURERS.^/"
i i'A' snap : in J water f front i property ? just '< across
the . bay ; * 150 ;' or 200 \ acres, ; having the best : fa -
ell It Irs ; of ' any.' property > on' the I harbor to-day. >
Address L 8..-- box 1213, 'Call; offlce;. >;r
'rur-rniirmnnTPi-jwrkmai Thinn— -unaiwiid' i fi'i \u25a0nnnTlil mh \u25a0\u25a0 llWll I'lHh '' I ill •
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale.
W. J. ' WHITE COMPANY,
Successors to
WHITE & BAYLEY.
$750 down, balance 14 years, monthly pay-
ments; 58 acres. 3 miles Capltola: 20 acres high
state cultivation; 4 acres full bearing apples,
pears. - grapes ; 15 ' acres In potatoes, corn and
beans; abundant water piped to buildings; 5
acres hay land; balance timbered pasture; S-
room, hard-finished house, not and cold water;
barn. 5 poultry houses. 0 Outhouses; energetic
couple 'can clear $1600 a year easy; $3200.
$1000 down, any 'terms; 41 acres; one mile of
town, 60 miles city; vegetaDle loam; 23 -acre*,
full. bearing prunes and apricots'; 10 acres corn
and potato land;. 6-room house; 2 barns; fine
poultry and brooder houses, with wire netting
yards; several larga incubators; 1200 young
hens; fine Income; $5000. -
. $1000 — 40 acres level valley land, one mile
of Orland; nne orchard, vines, berries; modern
7-room house; nice yard and shade trees; 2
good - barns; windmill; poultry houses; well-
fenced; $2500. *
$2000 — 12 acres level loam; 4 acres orchard-;
one mile town, 60 miles city; cottage, 5 rooms;
new barn and wagon shed: 15 tons hay; wagon,
buggy, harness, horse, tools.
$4500— Acre land, good town, saloon, larga
stock liquors, good fixtures; public hall; black-
smith shop and tools; poultry and brooder
houses;' windmill and tank; good 5-room cot-
tage. .
$2500 — 10 acres, close to Eebastopol. on elec-
tric road; cozy cottage, 4 rooms and bath;
tarn; poultry and brooder nouses; fruit, grapes
and berries; horse, wagon and tools; $1700
down.
$2350 — 30 acres rich soil at Yountville; 6
acres orchard. 3 acres vineyard, all bearing:
-cottage, 1 5 rooms; barn.' poultry and brooder
houses, 2 Incubators; wagon, buggy, horse, 4
cows, 700 chickens. \
$2000 — 5% acres full bearing apricots and
prunes, near San Jose; cozy 4-room cottage:
barn, windmill and tank; poultry houses; half
cash. .
$875 down — 7 acres sandy loam, on electric
road, .near Santa Rosa; good dwelling.' barn,
poultry houses; grapes and berries; $1400.
$5000 — 25 acres sandy loasn, 2 miles of Hay-
ward; 2 acres vineyard, 2 acres orchard, mostly
apricots; modern residence, 10 rooms.' gas,
bath; large stable, windmill and tank; poultry
houses; water piped over place; lovely view;
easy terms. We have many choice homes to
snow you in this locality.
$16,500— General farm and dairy In Marln
County; mile of station and creamery: modern
residence, S rooms and bath: 3-room cottage
for hired help: 2 large barns, milkhouse: water
piped to buildings; family orchard; fine soil
for hay. grain or potatoes.
. We are making a specialty of 5 and 10 aero
homes on the electric roaa between Petaluma
and Sebnstopol, with or without buildings, on
a very small payment down and balance long
term at 5 per cent interest. Se6 them to-day.
Send stamp for large printed list.
2(i Montgomery st., room 8. '
Property Exchange a Specialty.
TWO SNAPS.
EXTRA SPECIAL BARGAIN.
$3000 A YEAR INCOME FROM $6500 IN-
VESTMENT- 40 ACRES ADJOINING LIVER-
MORE ALAMEDA COUNTY; 33 ACRES
BEARING VINEYARD: GOOD 6-ROOM
HARD-FINISHED HOUSE: ALL LEVEL
LAND: HIGH AND GRADED SCHOOL; 3
HOUSES: 3 COWS; ALL IMPLEMENTS IN-
CLUDED IN THE PRICE: THIS PRICE HAS
JUST BEEN- REDUCED FROM $13.CC0 FOR
IMMEDIATE SALE; OLD AGE REASON OF
SALE; TERMS; ONLY 35 MILES OF OAK-
LAND.
$3400 — i& miles north of Haywards. 1-S
of electric road ; 10 acres richest dark loam
soil, 5 acres assorted orchard: No. 1 hard-fin-
isbed 5-room cottage, closets, bath. sink,
water piped front and rear porch, brick foun-
dation, rustic barn, well, windmill, large tank;
school* one mile; the land alone is assessed
at $3000. This Is . a snap that Is seldom of-
fered; terms If desired.
BURR-PADDON COMPANY.
40 Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
Phone John 1836.
AAA — "OUR PRICES" on ranches are lower
than anywhere else because we do not add
huge commissions on to the owner's price;
we only handle places we "know" to be good;
we "never" misrepresent a place; see us and
cave 20 p»r cent: Santa Cruz County land a
specialty. BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Mont-
\u25a0 gomery g^.. San Franclseo. Cal.
ALFALFA irrigated lande. $2S per acre; $1
down, $1 month; no Interest; call or write
for pamphlets. INDEX LAND AND BOND
CO., 907 Kohl bid., cor. cat. and Monfy sts.
FOR sale — Modern 9-room house in Pacific
Grove, part furnished; large lot;: excellent
location; bargain if taken at once. Address
H. L. LEEK, 1911 Green st.
A MONTHLY catalogue, country land bargains
sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market.
Poultry ranches. Write to J. W. Horn Co.. Pet-
aluma, for free copy of Sonoma Co. bargain*.
BURLINGAME REAL ESTATE.
NEW SUBDIVISION. "~~
NEW SUBDIVISION.
Best lots for th« money down the peninsula;
200 sold In 30 days at beautiful Burllngame.
Streets eraded. macadamized: sewers and
water pipes laid. Surrounded by beautiful
homes; near school; great big lots, 50x150,
$450 and upward: $90 cash. $10 monthly.
Office opposite Burlingame Station.
LYON & HOAG. *116 Montgomery st."
PALO ALTO REAL ESTATE].
CO-OPERATIVE Land' and Trust Co. are the
owners of large blocks of real estate in "The
Twin Cities," Palo Alto and Mayfleld, the
Stantord University towns: large lots, $300
and up; cement walks, graded streets, etc.;
small monthly payments; country property;
houses j for \u25a0 rent. ' \u25a0 San Francisco office, 720
\ Market- St.; phone Front 31. Salesmen
wanted ' •
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FINE cottag?, 6 rooms; modern. Improved;
near depot in Los Gatos; rents $15; nice
garden: worth $1700; will trade for city lots
between 17th and 24th sts.. Folsom and Caa-
tro st. Box 1446. Call office.
FINE ranch near Fresno; 250 acres; fine large
house; coet $25C0; nearly all bottom land;
' will trade for city, home worth $10,000. Box
3601. Call office.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1600 — PRETTY 5-room cottage; close to local
station; bath pantry, stationary tubs:
/ everything In excellent condition: brick
foundation: lot 45x100; easy terms.
O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorln sta., South Berkeley.
$2200— BARGAIN; 5-room cottage; porc<Ualn
. bath, pantry, combination flxturei; largt
lot; street work done; close to Key route
and S. P. stations and within 2 blocks of
street cars; terms $250. balance same a»
rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.- Lorin sta.. South Berkeley.
$2500 — 5-ROOM cottage, complete in all mod-
ern conveniences ; combination fixtures.
paneled room?, bath pantry, stationary
tubs; street .work done;- large lot; all
-work strictly first cla&s; terms $300 cash,
balance $25 per month.
O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorin sta.. South Berkeley.
7 IS IT A BARGAIN?
Get Out Your, Pencil and Figure With Me.
THE LAND— 4 lots with 2 corners: facing
3 good streets; Is 73x200x85; worth easy $4000.
THE IMPROVEMENTS — A 2-story, 10-room.
well planned, centrally located „ home, worth
easy $2000.
. I am asking $5500 for this. . Better Investi-
gate now. '
A. HOWARD HERRMANN,
The Realty Broker. ' Opp. Berkeley Station.
- - •-. " JOHN P. GARDNER,
3222 Adeline st. South Berkeley.
Rear estate at a bargain on easy payments;
I can-, sell* or exchange your property if It la
In California. ' ' \
ELEGANT home, well built; 9 rooms; 2 bath-
rooms, toilets: handsome -mantels; large lot;
beautiful palms, shrubbery: also lot and sta-
ble In rear. Add. Owner. 2001 Bancroft way.
O AKLAND APyERT ? S ? M'TS
-.OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL i ESTATE.
$900 CASH; ; $12 monthly; 4-room ; bay-window
-cottage: good -basement: grand site; a love;y
home; adjoining ' East Oakland; sandy loam
soil ; - near cars and ; school ; 10 lots, all
fenced; 125x245; Ideal spot- for -chicken rais-
ing * where fogs and raw winds seldom come;
price In all.' $2000; call or send for.clrcuJai.
1222 FruHvale aye., near local depot, Frult-i
vale.' CHAS. F. LEE or 435 7th st.." opp.
Broadway . statien. Oakland ; carriage . free.
'.', GEO. ,H. LEE, : owner. _ ?' .' ». . -.
FOR sale— s3oo less than cost, one of the cholc-
<• est building lots In tA Ha Piedmont; all street
work, -,-.' sidewalks.' -sewers.* water and gas
. mains complete;. magnificent view; faces two
' broad ( a venues; restricted -.building values In-
. \u25a0 sures ; elegant • home surroundings; owner go-
\u25a0 ing *. away: l must .. sell * at '- once;- make offer
: Apply i to >W/J. .WHITE C 0.. .26 Montgomery
ill; room B. --,:*. , . \u25a0. ;\ - . .-. . . . .\u25a0 (
BEKINS VAN AND *TORAGB Ca. ; general
movers— We have the best .warehouse in the
\u25a0\u25a0• V/est .(only 1 covered 'vans 'used). DON'T
. MISTAKE -THE NUMBER.. 1018 Broadway.
-Oakland; phone. Main 'Bo7.... 1..--; :..-•_••
OAKLAND ' FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day~forbargTlns In furniture."
H. Scuellhaas. 11th it., 1 cor. , store, Oakland.
OAKLAND ADYERT'S'M'TS
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
JUST opened one of the best, bright, sunaj
boarding-houses In Oakland; beautiful vlst*
over Lake Merritt and the surrounding hills;
come and see. ' 1308 Madiaon st.
San Francisco Advertyents
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN^ 82<\ ' corner~ McAufster— Fine
sunny front housekeeping suites with all
modern conveniences; clean, airy and new;
regular kitchens; $15 and $10; adults. Aj>-
ply 959 McAllister st. i
BUSH. 1625. near Van Nan ave.— Nloely fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms; all coo- '
renlenccs; 4 rooms; $27 50.
BRYANT. 443 — Housekeeping rooms.
BUCHANAN. 137 — 4 housekeeping room*; .
stove; all complete.
CALIFORNIA. 1255— Lower flat; pleasant
housekeeping rooms.
CALIFORNH. 2304. near Webster— Bunny
front rooms; 2 single beds and running wa-
ter.
EDDY. 82&— Sunny housekeeping and single
rooms; very cheap.
FIFTH. 144 — Centrally located rooms, com- -
pletel'y furnished for houaekteping.
FELL, 148, Almon — Elegantly furnished, sun- .
ny front apartments; private bath; single
rooms; reasonable.
FELL. 228 — Rooms for housekeeping. .
FILBERT 1219 — 3 sunny rooms, garden, some
furniture. $1B; Hyde-st. cars; references.
FOURTEENTH. 730— Handsome furnished
rooms for housekeeping; sunny bay-windaws:
water; laundry-
. FULTON. 13S. bet. Polk and Van Ness — 2
housekeeping rooms, one front. $14. ; gas.
bath. 'Call after 4. Or » for $18.
FULTON. 1206. near Scott — Three unfurnished ,
connecting rooms: bath; laundry: references.
GEARY. 736— Nicely furnished housekfeptnj
rooms; good location,
GEARY, 1058 — Four roams newly furnished;
first floor; $20; three rooms $18. . - \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
GOLDEN GATE aye., 128— Large, sunny
rooms suited for light housekeeping.
GOUGH. 500. bet. Grove and Fulton — Coa-
venlent hon^keeplng room*.
HOWARD. 2006 A. near Sixteenth — Front suite;
gas range, grate, running water, phone;
other rooms. *
HYDE. 21S— Furnished rooms for light house-
keeptng; gas range; no children.
JESSIE. 323— Large front room. ga» range.
sink. $3: sonny back parlor. $3 week.
JONES. 50£— Nice housekeeping suites. $8 t»
$10 per month. '
KENTUCKY, 1247 A —Housekeeping room*.
LAOUXA. OCS — Front sunny housekeeping
r00y.3 to let.
MARKET. 2008 — Two large, sunny, well-far- .
ntshed rooms, complete for housekeeping;
phone. ' bath.
MCALLISTER, 204. cor. Hyde <Alton House)—
Three-room furnished sunny apartment.
MISSION. 823 — Housekeeping rooms; gas for
cooking.
MISSION, 2647, near 22d — 3 well-furnished,
rooms for housekeeping and single rooms.
MISSION, 2057, bet. 16th and 17th— Nice con-
nectlng front rooms, complete for housekeen-
lng; adults. .
NINTH 110— Nice front connecting honso-
keeping rooms; reasonable.
OAK. Ill — Two or three beautiful rooms com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping; gas stove, +
bath.
OAK 117, or 14 Page — Complete for house-
keeping; $5 to $12; hot bath; laundry; adults.
OAK. 600 — Large light sunny furnished rooms;
closets, running water; priv. family; select.
O'FARRELL. 737 — Newly furnished 3 rooms
and bath. \u25a0 Call Monday from 10 to 2.
O'FARRELL. 135.S — Newly furnished rooms;
new house: gas range, etc.; $10 a month.
O'FARRELL, 1390— Nicely furnished convenl-
ent housekeeping rooms; cars pasa ..door
every. 3 minutes; reasonable.
SUTTER, 1616 — 2 large ounny front- rooms.
- complete hskpg., $22 50: 2 sunny rooms, $15.
TURK. 416, Reglna — Nicely furnished rooms:
2 connecting with bath. $25 and $30; other
choice rooms reasonable.
VAN NESS aye., 519 — Sunny, furnished rooms
from $7 up. with cr without housekeeping.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell St.. n<»ar Van Ness and .
Market — New, handsome, fireproof structure;
mod. Improvements; apta. 3-rm., bath; special
inducements for next 60 days; teL Couth. 1071.
NEW 4-story- corner apartment-house; sunny
side; completed November 1." All suites have
modern kitchens, electric lights, etc. Apply
244 Ninth st.; building opposite.
RANDALL Apartments. 120 Pierce st. — Four
large, sunny, unfurnished rooms; must be
seen. to be appreciated. Tel. Fell 9731.
ALTA Apartments, opp. Alta Plaza — FUrnlah»iJ
or unfurnished 2 rooms and separate bath.
Clay et.. between Pierce and Scott.
A — KENILWORTH. cor. Bush, Powell: 3-room
sunny apart s. : single rooms;' modern: r***.
A— YON NYDACK. 873 Poet — I rooms; private
baths; furnished, unfurnished; salt baths.
GRAND view; Calif, and Lyon: 4-room fur-
nished apartments complete with bath: reas.
ROSSWELL Apartments, 1360 Pine, near Hyds
— 2. 3 and 4 rooms, with bath; steam heat.
MAYBELLE. 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness— Van
Ness, 3-rm. suite; Grove. 3-rm. suite; reas.
THE Frederick. 901 Stanyan — 1 to 5 \u25a0 rooms,
overlooking Golden Gate Park; teL Page 6166.
ROOMS TO LET-Fnra. and Vutvra.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN.
Corner Ellis and Lea ven wort h.. » t j.. -
' In the heart of the city. V
300 rooms; 100 baths.
Modern In every detaiL
Rates $3 to $15 per week.
Rooms, with private bath. $1 day.
\u0084 Tourist travel solicited.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and,
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT 'The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or So. 1
Fifth st.>— Rooms 25c to 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
AUBURN. 15— Furnished rooms.
BELMOND House, over Owl Drugstore; 3 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electrlo
lights, running water in every room; 200
rooms; 230 to 60c per night: $1 23 to $4 week.
BURTON Hotel. 1128 Howard st. — 100 rooms:
new hoose: modern: >1 25. t0 $3 per week.
BUSH. 1215 — Rooms for gentlemen: bath: rea-
sonable. ,
CALIFORNIA. 1329— Front hall room to let.
CLARA. 217 — Two sunny rear rooms, with run-
, nlng water. " \
DEVISADERO. 1201 — Nicely furnished rooms
to let; moderate charge.
DORE. 26, off Folsom, near Ninth — To let, nJc»
furnished room; gaa. bath; reasonable.
EDDY, 514 — Nicely famished sunny desirable '
rooms ;~ also housekeeping rooms.
KDDY. 515 — Nicely furnished rooms at reaa-
onable rate*. \u25a0'\u25a0•-\u25a0.\u25a0.-
ELLIS. 792— Sunny front room: also single
room; reasonable. ~ -
ELLIS, 1115 — Elegantly furnished front salts
..for. one. or two gentlemen; private flat;
• very ' reasonable. •• \u25a0
FIFTH ' 23— Furnished * rooms 'to let; cholc*
-. corner and centrally located.
FIFTH, 119 — Choice furnished rooms to let;
central location. ..
FIFTH, 129— Furnished fooms to let at reason-
able rates. - ' .
FIFTH.- 152— Nice furnished rooms; location
.central;, convenient..
FOLSOM. 834— Sunny front room. $125; also
bay-window room. - -
FOURTH 225— Nice sunny . front ' room; ) sult-
able fcr two. ' ; -
FOURTH, 271 — ICO rooms : all sizes and prices;
new. modern; hot and cold water. .»---
FREMONT. 318 — Nice hallroom to iet. for-
\u25a0 - nished. '\u25a0\u25a0-.. '
FULTON 75.-=near Larkhs— Newly furnished
suite in new apartment house; an conven-
iences; no sign. _ : . ''.-»
GALT HOUSE. 1206 Market st. — Choice rooms
by day, wt-ek or month; central location.
Continued on Pace Fovrteea.
1314
ROOMS TO LET— Fnra. •oA tafura.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 34 — Nicely furnished
rooms to let: reasonable charge;.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 219 — Furnished ro«ms;
good location; reasonable.
GREENWICH. SCl U— Furnished room Jo \f. in
privati* family; l>oUi and all convenu'nefs.
GRAND I'aciSc Hotel. SBM Kearny st.— New
house- all modem conveniences: rooms by oa>
:45e up; by wee I: ?2 up: open all night.
GRAND SOUTHERN. 1069 Mission, cor. Sei£
etith— lCO rooms: 50c night, S2 to $7 week.
HOTEL Hamilton, ard cafe. 125 EUls bet.
Powell ur.A Sli^-r. rts.. S. H.— Rooms $1 to
J-3 per lir.y; rteara heat and telephone In
\u2666•ach room. .
HOWARD 715 — Rocm«. 2&c to $1 per day; \u25a0.
$1 50 to $3 per Tvftk; rc«d!r.y-room. vtc.
JONES, lIS— Furnished rocms to let; conve- j
nlect, central; re amenable. , j
JONES. 11H — Ont-al!y located choice fur- j
r.lshe-1 rooms to let.
LEAYKNTYORTH. "4N. The Stockton — Elegant
furnished room.* to let; ell modern conve-
r. Ifcces; stngl-e or en s-Jiif.
LEAVENWORTH. :iS2-^F > urn:rhed rooms to let
at reasonable ret»«^
LEAVENWORTH. 403 — Nicely furnished
rooms; nil conveniences; r*agonablg.
LEAVENWORTH. 411— Fine furnished rooms,
single or en suite; well located.
LEXINGTON. 185— Nice furnished rooms;
plea*ar.t neighborhood; rates reasonable.
LOVELY rooms: some housekeeping: Dwight
way house; etrletly high grade; Key route
sta. W. S. Joy. 2122 Dwight way, Berkeley.
MASON 417— Neatly furnlshHl rooms: tran-
sient or by week or month: reasonable.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL, 129 Third st.— 4oo
eingle and family rooms, Ssc to $1 60 per
<ay $2 to $S week; the on!y new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor; hot and cola
•woter, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In even' room, and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and night to Its guests.
MONTGOMERY. 716 — Furnished rooms to let.
PINE. 623— Choice furnished rooms to let In
good neighborhood. _^^__^_____-
J>OST. SS9— Large, sunny, furnished room;
gentletr.i-n only; rtferenc<?s. * •
LOWELL. 216 — Nicely furnished rooms; tran-
Slent a specialty.
POWELL. 236— Nicely furnished rooms to let
by day. week or month.
RIO VISTA HOTEL. 253 Third St., near How-
an j_X e vr house with modern conveniences;
rooms en Fu'.te and eingle; rates by day, 85c
up; by week. $2 up; baths free to guests.
BZXTH, 145 — Nicely furnished rooms by day.
week *or month.
TAYLOR. ll'B — Finely furnished rooms to
rent; rateg moderate.
TAYLOR. 570— Nicely furnished rooms to let
by the day. we«k or month.
TAYLOR C 15 — Newly fur. rooms; hot and cold
water; flO mo.: elegant suites: baths free.
TURK 204 — Nlce'.y furnished sunny rooms, $2
ptr week up: quiet house.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4045. near Castro — 2 new
sunny unfurnished rooms In small private
family.
VNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms. He to II night. SI 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gar), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus, baggage.
WOLF House, Howard and Sixth— No better
transient house Jn city; rates reasonable; lo-
cation central. Geo. 11. yon der Mehden, prop.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. nr. Market—
Mt*t convenient ar.<3 respectable; 700 room*,
Ssc to $1 50 nightly, $2 to $S week; elevator;
*lee. lights; res ding -room; fr** bus. baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church st«.
A BRANCH offic* of Th* Call for the rec»pti6n
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 r». m.
ROOMS A.\D BOARD.
HOTEL MARLBOROUGH. 404 Eddy, 404— Just
opened; rooms modern, up to date, light, sun-
cy, airy: hair mattresses; free baths; every-
thing elegant, fresh, clean; table unexcelled.
Rates: Rooms for 2 with board, ?50 month
and upward ; single rooms with board. $30:
*v<.rythisg hcmellke; parlor and piano for
crueetc; location in the heart cf city. 404
Eddy ct.. 404.
AFHBL'RY, S4S. near Park — Nice sunny rooms,
with excellent table board, suitable for
couples; phone. p!ano. bath; take EUls or
Haigt-.t st. cars. \u25a0
CALIFORNIA. 807— Exceptionally good table,
free billlard-roorn, handsome and sightly
rooms; board and room for 2, $45 up: single,
$22 SO up; suites. $S5 up; ere for yourself.
DOLORES, 1009 — Nice sunny rooms, with besi
of horn* cooking. In Mission warm belt;
• phone Blu* 3636.
HOTEL McAllister. 603 Van Ness ave.— Ele-
csnt sunny suites with private bath; also
single rooms; fine table board.
GOLDEN GATE are.. 320— Furnished rooms
with b*st cf table board.
' JOHNSTON. THE. COS O'Farrell— Sunny suites
and siagle rms. ; excellent board; references.
STORAGE AJVD WAREHOUSES.
rNION Square Transfer and Storage Co.. 6<M
Van Ness aye. Phone East 448. Btorage,
•moving, packlcg; cut rates on freight.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
boucehold prbde stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard et.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Fillmore: tel. West 828.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery '
st. : tel. Main IS4O. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; bert
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic offlce. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hasd, $3. (5, $S; slightly
used. ?io. $15, $20. You know where dolls
swing In the window. 1051 Market at.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AX exceptionally g^oT^roTTß^ingtonrNori
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals. $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st.
TURF.
WANTED — One or two parties to take Inter-
est in book at Oakland; this is an excellent
char.cc to g*t In right, and is worth lnvestl-
yeticg. Acflrefg box 1209. Call office.
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
Bsgraved wedfilng Invitations, visiting A busi-
ness cardc, crests, etc. ; high-class work; mod-
«rate rates. J. H. Duncan. 128 Kearny. rs. 1-2.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yestertay:
Giuseppe PalmlnL 2S. 799H Natoma street,
and Maria Glorgl. 18. 2125 Polk street.
Frederick Gfeller. 29, 84oi Twenty-fifth St..
aad Laura Newkom. 2L 1080 Bhotwell 6treet.
Bernardo Krancesckl, 30, Occidental aad
Clorinda PanelM, 22, Ocoidental.
Frederick Pu>te 26, 1563 Dolores street, and
Ullie Gazncia, ?O, 145 Twenty-seventh street,
Jchn P. Curiey, 80, 645 I ttreet, and Cath-
erine Qulnn. 28. 1259 Ninth avenue.
Thomas R. Creely. 21, SBO Lily avenue, aad
Julia T. Linehan. 18. 703 Vienna street.
John F. Mulgrew. 54, Skargs Springs, and
Mary P. Luton, 3«. 816 O'Farrell street.
Edward Lanflerw, 2L 2454 Market street, and
Ann* I. Murray. 18. 1631 D«vlsadero street.
Baich! KonJKhl, i 2, 6 Elwood utreet. and
Rut Shibata, 28. 1241 Bush Btrect.
BIRTHS— MAEBIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth. n»iTi«£» and d«ath notloes sent by
nail W.I! net be inserted. They must be handed
. in at either of the tmblication offices and be '
. indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published
NoUces restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charfre.
BORN.
ANDERSON— In tfcis city, October 2L 1905
to the wife of Orval Anderson, a »on. *
OLSEON — In this city, October 22. 1905, to the
wife of LudwlK Olseon, a daughter.
» POPOVICH— In thl» city. October 22. 1805, to
th* wife of V. P. Popovich. a daughter.
WAYMANN — In this city, October 24, 1905, to
the wire of T. C. Waymanri, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BAILEY— FELLOWS — In tWs city, October 23
1905. by the Rev. H. H. Bell. Thomas B.
Bailey of Mendota, Cal., and Marion H.
Fellows of tbis city. .
CUNNINGHAM— COXE— In Eaa Rafael. Cal ,
October 17. 1906, by the Rev. J. W. Martin,
WllUam Cunnlsgiiam acd Margaret L. Coxe.
MoBAIN— McGLASHER— In this city, October
1», 1905. by the Rev. H. H. Bell, William
Mcßaia and Isabella i. MeG lasher, both of
this citj'.
BTEINHARDT— FRANK— On Tuesday, Octo-
ber 24. 1905. at the Hotel St. Reels, New
York, by the Rev. Dr. Joseph Silvcrman,
Joseph H. Etelnhardt and Lola Bloom Frank.
(Southern California papero pIMM cosy.)
DIED.
Acosta Wm. 8.. 42 Miller,- Edward T., 28
Baldwin, Emma J. Moore. Herbert. 28 dys
Haver. Julia. 67 Morris, Henry. 76
Becker. Meta R,, 50 Cpltz, Antonla M.. 21
Brumund. Mabel C..12 Powers, Matthew, 80
i Bruns. Maria. CO Randall. Jos. 8.. 08
1 Carlisle. George. 73 Reid, Sadie. 4 mos.
I Carson. Lyda M., 28 Rourke, Mrs. M. A.. 67
\u25a0 Crcsth-.valte, George,62 Ross, Jane, 60
Uoncks. Johanna. &J Schumacher, b . A.. 04
Eickhoitt. CJeo. F., 8 Sisterna, Pilar, 52
Hairris, Annie S., 46 Suechtlng (Infant)
Harvey. John W., 67 Tiilrlwell. John U. 5 m
Ivory. Ellen, SO Thompson. Jas.* M., i 7
Lakenan. Jas. M.. 72 Weber, Harry. <31 \u0084
Lewis. Julia, 22 Williams. Esabella 68
Lombard. S. H.. CS AVilson. Wm. \\ .. 34
Mayer. Birdie C. 27 Yonnkins. Ernest J.,4
McCormick. Juliett Young, Jos. P... 66
McKenna. Robt. Jr., 10 Zimmermann, Marie,/4
McMillan, Angus, 62 '",•.-<
ACOSTA— In* East Oakland. *Cal.. October 23,
IWS, William 8.. beloved husband of Fran-
cisco Acona. and father of Sebaestian,
Rodger. Christina,lßennle and Daniel Aoosta,
a native of Mexico, aged 42 years 7 months
and -i days.
BALDWIN— In this city, October 22, 1906.
Emma Jane Baldwin, beloved alster of
James F. and Harry R. Baldwin, a native
of New Brunswick.
BAUER— In this city, October 24, 1805, Julia
. Bauer, beloved wife of Fred Bauer, and
mother of Annie and Freddy Bau«r and Peter
and Henry Leis, a native of Germany, aged
87 years 4 months and 19 daya.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
October 26. at 11 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence, 310 Vlcksburg atreet. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BECKER— In Oakland, Cal., October 24. 1906.
Meta R. Becker, beloved wife of Fred
Becker, mother of Mrs. Ferdinand Vlnkana
of San Francisco and Harold Becker, and
sister of He:iry and George Rlcbmuller, a
native of Germany, aged CO yean 4 months
and 6 daya.
Cs* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, October 2fl, at 2 oclock p. m.,
at her late residence, 1353 Grove street. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
BRUMUND— In this city. October 23, 1906.
Mabel C. Bruraucd, dearly beloved daughter
of John and Charlotte Brumund, and sister
of Ada, Ruth. Ethel and Frank Brumund,
a native of California, aged' 12 years 4 months
and 2S days.
C7Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resl-
• dence of the parents, 1803 Forty-ninth ave-
nue (Ocean Boulevard). interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
BRUNS— In this city, October 23, 1906, at
her residence, 2993 Sixteenth street, Maria,
beloved wife of John H. Bruns, dearly be-
loved mother of John H. Bruns Jr., and sis-
ter of D. Benecke, a native of Hanover. Ger-
many, aged 60 years 3 months and 16 days.
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), October 26. from St. Matthew's
Evangelical Lutheran Church, on Eleventh
street, between Mission and Market, where
services will be held at 2 o'clock p. m. In-
terment New Odd Fellows' Cemetery, by
electrlo funeral car from Eighteenth *nd
Guerrero streets. Kindly omit flowers.
CARLISLE— In this city. October 23. 1906.
George Carlisle, a native of New Tork, aged
73 years and 6 months. A member of the
Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Association.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 p. m., from the parlors of
McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Cremation at Odd Fellows' Cemetery at 3:15
P. m.
Officers and members of the Veteran Vol-
unteer Firemen's Association will pleas* as-
semble at the hall on Wednesday, October
26. at 1 p. m.. to attend the funeral of our
late brother, Georsre Carlisle. By order
STEPHEN BUNNER, President.
J. J. McMAHON. Recording Secretary.
CARSON — In this city, October 24, 1005, Lyda
M.. dearly beloved daughter of Helen and
. the late Thomas E. Carson. Elster of Mrs.
E. B. Nicholas and Charles W. and Freder-
ick F. Carson, and devoted aunt of Harry
L. Nicholas, a native of San. Francisco. Cal..
aged 28 years and 15 days.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
tThureday). at 2:30 p. m., from the resi-
dence of her mother, 133 San Jose avenue,
between Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth
streets. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
by electric funeral car from Thirtieth street
and San Jose avenue.
CROSTHWAITE— In Oakland, Cal.. October 22,
1905, at his residence, 954 Arlington avenue,
George, beloved husband of Elizabeth
Crosthwalte, father of George, Anita, Leora,
Rena, Xorma, Arthur, Mona and Murlce
Crosthwalte, and brother of Michael, John
and Isaac Crosthwalte, a native of England,
aged 62 years 2 months and 22 days. A mem-
ber of Barnaby Lodge, Sons of St. George,
San Francisco, Cal.
C7AII members of Barnaby Lodge, Sons of
St. Georee, San Francleco, and friends and
acquaintances, are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral sen-Ices, on Wednesday,
October 25, at 9:30 o'clock a. m., at St.
Columba's Church, San Pablo avenue, Oak-
land. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
DONCKS — In this city. October 24, 1905. Jo-
hanna, dearly beloved wife of the late Peter
H Doncks, and lovlnr mother of Mrs. F. E.
Guntz Mrs Henry R«ich and the late Mrs.
F X Kast, a native of Germany, aged 83
ye'are 7 months and 20 days.
EICKHORST— In this city. October 23. 1905,
George F Elckhorst, beloved son of Fred-
erick and Rebecca Elckhorst. and brother of
Ada and Lillle Elckhorst. a native of San
Francisco, Cal., aged B years 9 months and
'(pr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the
residence of his parents, Z331 Pierce street.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HARRIS— In Tulare City. Cal., October 19,
19C5, Annie S. Harris, widow of the late
Alfred Harris, and mother of Mrs. Helen
Haskell and Mrs. Madge Frame, a native
of C«ntervllle. Alameda County. Cal., aged
46 years 8 months and 4 days.
HARVEY — In this city, October 22, 1905, John
W Harvey, beloved husband of Eleanor Har-
vey, and brother-in-law of Mrs. J. Seller,
a native of England, aged 67 years 1 months
and 23 days. ,
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral eervlcea
to-day (Wednesday). October 25, at 10:30
o'clock a. m., at his late residence, 32 . 6
Twenty-fourth street, near Mission. Mem-
bers of Montezuma Tribe No. 77. Imp. Order
of Red Men, please take notice. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
IVORY — In this city, October 23, 1905, Ellen,
beloved wife of the late John Ivory, and
mother of Thomas Ivory. Mrs. D. Hum-
phrey and Mrs. M. Murnane, a native of
County Wexford. Ireland, aged 80 years.
EJTriends and acquaintances art: respect-
fully Invited to -attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Henry J." Gallagher Company. 20
Fifth 6treet, thence to St. Rose's Church for
services at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cro«s Cemetery.
LAKENAN— In this city. October 23, 1905,
James M.. beloved husband of Hannah Lake-
nan, and father of C. B. and Estell Lake-
nan and Mrs. W. K. Guthrie, a native of
St. Louis, Mo., aged 72 years.
B^Frlends are resoectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Wednes-
day), at 11 a. m.. from the residence of
Rev. W. K. Guthrie, 2353 Pacific avenue.
Interment crlvate.
LEWIS — In this city, October 28, 1905, at her
residence, 144 StMner street. Julia, loving
elster of Joseph F.. M., R. T., J. A., Wil-
liam. Frank and Annie Lewis and Mrs. Clara
Rodgers, a native of Hayward, Cal., aged
22 years and 10 months.
Native Daughters of the Golden West —
Members of Fremont Parlor No. 69 are re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
sister, Julia Lewis, Thursday mornlnir, at
Hayward. Cal.: 7:30 boat. By order of the
president. MAUDE SPURR, President.
MAY BARRY, Recording Secretary.
LOMBARD^ — In this city. October 24. 1905, Sol-
omon H. Lombard, a native of Maine, aged
CS years. v / ; >-.; •\u25a0
MAYER— In this city, October 24, 1905. Birdie
C, dearly beloved daughter of Johanna 8.
and the late Lewis William Mayer, and lov-
ing sister of Fred D., Lew B. and Tress
Mayer. Mrs. R. Rector and the late Mrs.
Cortnne Gould, a native of California, aged
27 years 2 months and 27 days. /
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 11 a m., from her late residence, 856
Fell street, between Fillmore and Stelner.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
McCOßMlCK— Entered Into rest In Baltimore,
Md.. October 18. 1905, Juliett A., wife of
R. A. McCormick, mother of W. H. Mo-
Cormlck and twin sister of Mr*. Dora J.
Classen, a native of Calaveras County, Cal.
McKENNA— In this city. October 24. 1905,
Robert McKenna Jr., son of Mra. Emma
Temple, a native of San Francisco, Cal., aged
10 years 7 months and 30 days. . '•
McMILLAN— In this city. October 22, 1905,
Angus, beloved husband of the late Mar-
garet McMillan, and beloved father of Mrs.
F. J. Oster, Mrs. L. Young and the late
Daniel McMillan, a native of Scotland, aged
S2 years and 10 months.
CJ'FiipndH and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
< Wednesday). October 25, at 10 o'clock a. m.,
from the new funeral chape! of Theodor
Dierks. 432 Golden Gate avenue, between
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South $0. .
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
— : Funeral Directors and Embalmers— -
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
NOW AT 868 MISSION. Tel. South 16T
Between Fourth and Fifth near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
CEMETERY PLOTS <
In Odd Fellows' and . Masonic Cemeteries can
be exchanged for Plots In
MOUXT. OLIVET.
For particulars apply at City Office.
GRANT BLDG.. MARKET & SEVENTH STS.
THE SAN i:FRANGISCX):CALL;V WEDNESDAY;;; OCTOBER ;25,; 1905,
Larkin and Polk streets, and thence to St.
Boniface's Church, on Golden Gate avenue,
for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
t ery. • \u25a0 ,\u25a0 ... \u25a0: . . - • ;7, :
MILLER— In this city. October 23. 1905, at
the Southern Pacific Railroad Hospital, . Ed-
ward Trask Miller, beloved and only eon of
William H. and Eliza C. Miller, a native
of San Francisco. Cal., aged 23 years 4
months and 23 daye.
lE7"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Wednes-
day), at 2:30 o'clock p. m., at the chapel
of the Odd Fellows' Cemetery, Point Lobos
j avpnue. Remains at the parlors of Carew &
English, 29 Van Ness avenue. ,
MOORE— In this city, October 24, 1905, Her- 1
E bert. infanj- son of John W r . and Edith
.< Moore, a native of Ean Francisco. Cal., aged
2S days. . . , .
MORRIS— In this city. October 24 1905, Henrr.
beloved husband of Pauline 'Morris, and
father of A. J. and Joseph Morris, Mrs. H.
Levy, Mrs. ' M. Fross, Mrs. O. L. Singer,
Mrs. A. Miller and Mrs. K. Goldstein, a
native of . Poland, aged 76 years 8 ' months
and 6 days. •
OPITZ— In this city, October 24, 1906, An-
tonla M.. beloved, daughter of Johanna ! and
Henry Opltz, and hcljirved sister ; of - Jennie
and Henry Opitz Jr., a native of Austria,
aged 21 years 2 months and 26 days. ,
POWERS — In' Santa Rosa,, Cal:, October 20,
\u25a0 1905, Matthew Powers, beloved uncle of Peter
Powers, a native of * County Wexford, Ire-
land, aged 05 years. (Marin County papers
please copy.) •
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday
morning, October 26, on arrvial of the 8
o'clock a. m. train from Santa Rosa, due in
San Francisco at 10:15 o'clock a. m. - Inter-
1 ment Holy Cross Cemetei-y.
RANDALL— In this city, October 24. 1906,
Joseph B. Randall, a native of Boston,
Mass., aged 66 years and 19 days. A mem-
ber of the Painters' Unlcn. Local 19.
REID— In this city, Octotcr 23, 1905, Sadie,
beloved and Infant daughter of Vincent and
May Reid, a native of tan Francisco, Cal.,
aged 4 months and 'l4 d.'iys.
C7Tbe funeral will take place Wednes-
day, October 20, at - 1 o'clock p. m., from
the residence of her parents, 7 Morris avenue.
Interment orlvate.
ROURKE— In FTUltvale. Cal.. October 23, 1906
Mrs. Mary Ann Rourke, beloved wife of Pat-
rick Rourke, and mother of Rev. Joseph G
Rourke, a native of Bandon, County Cork,
Ireland, aged C 7 years 4 months and 11 days.
v E7"The interment will take place at Do-
minican Cemetery. Benlcla, from St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated on the arrival of the train
• leaving San Francisco at Ba. m.
ROSS— In Fresno, Cal., October 23, 1906, Jane
Ross, beloved wife of Andrew Ross, loving
mother of Mrs. L. T. Stevenson, Mrs J. E.
Foster. Mrs. F. W. Blacow, Rachel Ross,
Mabel Ross and Edith Ross, and sister of
Jane Houston, a native of Ireland, aged 65
years 4 month* and 13 days.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, October 25, at 11 oclock a. m.,
at her late residence, near Newark. —
SCHUMACHER— In this city, October 24,
lflCO, Fred A. Schumacher, a native of Ger-
man}', aged 61 years.
SISTERNA — In West Berkeley, Cal., October
23. 1905. Pilar, beloftd wife of Fllipe R.
Sisterna. mother of Juanita Sisterna, Mrs.
Emilia Mancllla, Mrs. D. Hamilton. Mrs.
V. Sills and FiliDe, Abelard, Emlle and Ar-
thur Sisterna, and grandmother of Elvira,
Beraun, Consuelo and Stanley Hamilton,
Consuelo Mancllla, Armanda Sills and Viola
and Emlle Sieterna, a native of Chile, aged
62 years and 11 days.
6UECHTING— In this city. October 23, 1906,
Infant son of F. and Lottie Suechtlng.
THIRLWELL— In this city. October 24. 1905,
John Leonard, Infant son of Robert and Mag-
gie Thlrlwell, a native of San Francisco,
Cal., aged 6 months and 18 days. - -'\u25a0
THOMPSON— In Oakland. Cal., October 23,
1905, James M., husband of Elizabeth
Thompson, and lather of James T., R. S.,
Elizabeth B. and Frank S. Thompson, a na-
tive of Kentucky, aged 77 years 1 month and
7 days.
WEBER— In this city, October 24, 1905, Harry,
beloved husband of Meta W r eber,. loving
father of J. D., Annie and Sophie \Weber,
brother of F. Gerdes, uncle of Elizabeth
Gerdes, and brother-in-law of J. D. Bull-
wlnkel, a native of Oldenburg, Germany,
aeed 61 years.
WILLIAMS— In this city, October 23. 1905.
Eeabella Vienna, d«arly beloved wife of
Manuel V. Williams, and devoted mother of
Brown, • Bernard, Frank and Manuel Wll-
lli*ik, Mrs. M Costella, Mrs. L. Poplowsky
and Mrs. R. Jones, a native of Florest, West-
ern Island, aged 65 years.
WILSON— In this city. October 23, 1905, Wil-
liam W., dearly beloved son of James M.
and Lucy E. Wilson, brother of Emma J.
West, and uncle of Arthur E. West, a na-
tive of Kansas, aged 34 years 3 monttts and
1 day. A member of San Francisco Typo-
graphical Union No. 21.
, |C"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, October 25, at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from
his late residence, 1053 Folsom street, be-
tween Sixth and Seventh, thence* by -train at
Third and Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery- f
YONNKINS— In Dawson, May 81, 1905, Ernest
J. Yonnkins, beloved son of James B. and
Clara Yonnklna. a native of Dawson, Y. T.,
aged 4 years 7 months and 18 days.
(Clnterment will take place at New Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. Remains at the mor-
tuary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertak-
ing ComDany, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first, until Wednesday, October 25,
1 :30 b. ro.
YOUNG — In this city, October 23, 1906, Joseph
R. Young, husband of the late Anna C.
Young, and devoted father of J. C. and R.
D. Young and Mrs. H. C. Drummond,. a
native of Richmond. Virginia, aged tiO years'
3 months and 16 days.
JpTFrlends and acquaintance? ar* respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 3:30 p. m., from, the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Crema-
tion I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ZIMMERMANN— In this city, October 24, 1905,
Marie, dearly beloved wife of Gustave Zim-
mermann. sister-in-law or C." A. Zimmer-
mann, and daughter-in-law of Christine
Zimmermann. a native of \u25a0 Baden, Germany,
aged 34 years 2 months and 26 days.
(CyFrlends and acquaintance!, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), October 20, at } o'clock p. m.,
from the new funeral chapel «f Theodor
Dierks, 432 Golden Gate avenue, between
Larkln and Polk streets. Interment New
Odd Fellows* Cemetery, .by carriages.
CARD OF THANKS.
We herewith desire to express our heart-
felt thanks to our many friends and neigh-
bors, who, by their tender love, comforting
sympathy and beautiful -floral offerings,
helped to lighten the bitter sorrow lately suf-
fered In the loss of a loving wife, daughter
and sister. Ida M. Planz.
THEODORE PLANZ. Husband.
WILLIAM SCHULZ. Father.
MRS. D. WV WILDS." Sister.
WOODLAWN CEMETERY,
: c ?.- San Mateo County.
MASONIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION.
CSS James Flood Building-, S. F.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued Prom Face Fifteen.
Fish Oil, Ssc; raw Fish Oil, 35c; Paint Oil, 85c.
COAL OIL, GASOLINE, ETC.— Water White
Coal Oil. In bulk, lie; Pearl Oil, In cases,
17V.c; Astral, 17% c: Star, 17%o; Extra Star,
20% c; Elaine, 26c; Eocene, 19% c; Stove Gaso
line, In bulk. 15% c; In cases, 22c; Motor Gaso
line, in bulk. 15% c; In cases, 22c; No. 1 En
gine Distillate, iron barrels or drums, 8c; No.
2 do, 6%c; caees, 6%c more; Benzine, In bulk,
12% c; cases, 19c ; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk,
25c- in cases, 31c
TURPENTINE— 93c per gallon in cases and
87c in drums and iron barrels. .
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead,* 7%@
B%c per lb; White Lead, 7%®>8%0, according
to quantity.
. QUICKSILVER— S37 60<539 per "flask for
local use.
SALT — Bales, 90c for common and $1 ' f of
granulated; Dairy. $5 50 per ton; Granulated,
$o@6 50; Half Ground, : 100-lb bags,. s3 25; do,:
60-lb bags. $3 75; Rock Salt, $2 75@3 in 100
and $3 25 in 50-Ib bags; Genuine Liverpool.
$11 50, $12 50 and $13 60 per. ton In packages
of 224, 110 and 60 lbs respectively.
' SUGAR — The Western Sugar \u25a0 Refining r Com
pany quotes as follows, por lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A - Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.30 c;
Powdered, 6.16 c; Candy Granulated, 5.15 c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 6.05 c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6 05c; Fruit Granulated, 6.05 c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only),' 4.85 c; Confectioners'
' A, 5.050; Magnolia A, 4.65 c; Extra ; C,- 4.66 c;
Golden C. 4.45 c;-"D," 4. 3sc ;. barrels, 10c. more;
half barrels, 26c more; boxes, 60c more; 50- lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels. 5.C6c; boxes. 5.80 c; • H. . & : E. Crystal
Domlr.es, 8.05 c per lb. . No order taken for less
than seventy-five barrels or Its ; equivalent/ :
\u25a0LUMBER — Pine, ordinary sizes, $IS@l9; ex
tra sizes higher; Redwood,; $10©23; Lath, 4 •
feet. $3 75&4; Pickets, $22@27;- Shingles. $2
for No. 1 : Shakes, : $14 for split and $15 for
sawn; rustic, $25@43. : - > \u25a0- .;-,-: \u25a0\u25a0\u0084
Recelptt of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24.
Flour, qr sks... 5,011) Paper, drolls ... . :C35
Wheat ctls ... l.flW Brandy., gals .:. 200
Barley, ctls ...62.10t! Wine,, gals ... ..69,000
Corn (West).ctls I,2oo'Shorts '.- eks .... -100
Tallow, ctls ... 646' Wool, bales ..... 212
Sugar, ctls ...'.4,950' H0p5, .bales '.... 3">o
Chicory, bbla -'.'. ,-.ls'Hay,-'ton« ...... 166
Leather, rolls .. . 177 Middlings, sks;.. .' HOO
-Hides, No *...... 58+ Bran, sks ;..... I<X>
Pelts, bd15..... 150 Onions, sks .::..' 370
Raisins, bxs ... 2,0501 Potatoes, skg ... 3,515
Lime, bbls '..... i 9li Beans. - sks \u25a0\u25a0 .'. ".'.".11,648
OREGON.
Wool,. bales ....- ; . W , / - -r \?
..' . \u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0; \u25a0:::\u25a0!\u25a0•\u25a0.
STOCK MARKET.
Business Average on All the Exchanges,
' >' With'- Pew Variation*.^ ? :.
Yesterday was *: another : quiet . day on \u25a0 the
Stock and Bond \u25a0"; Exchange. Sales -of both'
bonds and stocks - were , light, j and : the only
fluctuation ; deserving of \u25a0 note was in Tele
phone, "which -rose from 101 % to 103% and
fell back to 102 V*. ' ;
' In the mining - shares the Comstocks sold
very well, Ophir touching f6. v There was also
a fair business in the Tonopahs at maintained
prices.--' -'.'.-\u25a0.-': \u25a0;.•'-- \u25a0 "-\u25a0"'.\u25a0'..\u25a0\u25a0
The Hawaiialr Commercial and Sugar Com
pany will pay a regular dividend of 65 cents
per share on November 6. ' . '
The Onomea Sugar Company will pay a regu
lar monthly dividend of 40 r cents per share
Ncvember 6. \u25a0'.\u25a0•\u25a0.- . .":,'.?\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 -. • \u25a0 \u25a0 ... ;- i
The Padflo Lighting Company wll pay a
regular : monthly dividend . of 40 cents per
share on November 6. . \u25a0 . .v. '
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
Standard lumber- Company has been called
for December 20 to vote on a proposition to
Increase ,th« capital stock from Its
amount of $50,000, divided Into 500 shares of
the par value of $100 rer share, to $1,000,000
In 10.C00 shares of $100 per share. __
The New Western Bowling Company of Han
Francisco has - levied an assessment or 15
cents per share, delinquent October 31.
STOCK AND BOND. EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Oct. 24— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid Ask. . - Bld - ABk
4s «ir c0up..104%1<»% 4s qr cp nw.134 134J4
4a qr re*. ..104%105*i S« qr coup. . . — 10*H
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW6s — — Ok T ton 65.112 —
Asso Oil 6s 90H — O W gtd 5». — 98
Bay CPC 6s. — — Oceanic S 5s — \u25a0 66 >
Cal C G 55.106?4 — Om Cable 6f1.120% —
Pal GJ *E a '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 Pac G Im. 4» Vo — ,
Cm&ct c! 98% - P H Ry st.m%ll«Vfc
Cal-st C 6a.111i4H3U Pac L*P S»S ~
C C Wat 68.106% — P& C H 65.102% —
Ed L&P 05.124% — P& O R 65.110 —
J? &C H 05.113 — ?«we": at^'JHiz. ""
VSear}--st 6s. 25 ,45 Sac EG&R6s.lllJ4 —
H C&S 6%5.104% — 9F & t^ 9 "?^ "~
Do 6s ....104% — SF.O &SJSs.UI% —
Hon RT6s.HO — Sierra R C 5.112% —
L A Elec 5s — — 8 P of A 6s .
LAG&EI6S— 103 (1909) ,lOi, 1O i# 108 *
LA Ry 5..117 118% (19H» ....108% —
LAL gtd 65.105 — SPof C 6s \u25a0
LAP lcm6s.lllH — (1906> -• - '}*£\u0084. ~ .
LAP C 65.. 1073 — d»12) ....112%118^4
Mkt-st C 6s.ll4<ilie% SPC 1 eg 68.120% —
Do Icmss.llsy*ll« S P B^B. 08.134 . —
MV& MtTss.lOs — S V Wat 65.102% —
NR of C 65.1C4!4 — Do 4a 2dm.100% —
Do 65.... 110 — Do 4s Sdm.loo — .
NP C R 65.106%106% Do g mg4s 97% —
N C Ry ss, — 111% Stkn G&E6a. — f —
NC P C 6s. — — UG & E 6a.104%105%
O GLAH 65.108% — UK of SF * 9 .88'/» —
Ok TCo 65.121 % — Val Co P 55.106 —
Do B. ....118*4114* Yos SL 4%5. 82% 93%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Csta 48 — I Port Costa. .. — 68
MarinCo... 61 — |s V Wat Co 40% 40%
GAS AND ELECTRIC. '
Cent L&P3%— SFG fii-B. 84, 84%
Martel Powr 2 — Do certfi.. — —
Mutual EL. 15% 16% Stkn G *'B. — —
Pao L Co. . 72% —
INSURANCE).
Flrem's Fd.837% — I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nil 8k.127% — LP & A... — 163
Anglo-Cal .. — 95% Mer Tru5t... 225 250
Bank of Ca1. 423 " 423% Merch Ex... 65 —
Cal Safe Dp.lfiS 160 S F National -7 160
First Natn1.327%335
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.3000 — Say & L So. loo —
Hum S 8k.2000 — &c« Say 8k.895 —
Mutual Say. — — Union, T C 0.2700 3300
S F Say U. 700 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..220 — I Presidio .... — —
Geary — 40 | .
POWDER.
Giant Con.. 77 78 |
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. — 84 (Makawell C. 34% 86%
Honokaa SC 13% 14 \ Onomea S C. 33% 35
Hutch SP C 15% 15V^ Paauhau S C 21% —
Kllauea S C Z% 4%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PX. 5'J% — I Oceanic SCo 6 5%
Cal F C A — 99% Pao Aux FA. 3% —
Cal Wine A — 84% Pac C 80rx.152% —
MV& MtTm.loo — PacS Tel C0.102%105
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
60 Contra Costa Water, s 00.... 48 00
25 Mutual Savings Bank . .' 110 60
20 Oceanic S S Co 5 00
85 Paauhau S P Co 21 75
15 Paauhau S P Co 21 87%
20 Pacific States Tel & Tel Co.. 103 50
110 S F Gag & Electric Co 84 00
$6,000 Cal Gas & Bl G M & C T 55. . 93 00
$4,000 Cal Gas & El O M & C T 55.. 08 87^
$2,000 United R R of S F 45... 89 00
$10,000 Sacramento Bl Gas & Ry 65. .111 00
Street — -"•\u25a0 , •
—60 Oceanic 8 B Co 6 00
$1,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s 112 37%
$4,000 Paciflo Electric Ry 5s 112 60
Afternoon Session. s .
Board —
/25 Alaska Packers' Association... 60 00
290 Hutchinson S P Co 15 50
60 Hutchinson S P Co ..16 37%
60 Paauhau S P C 0... 21 75
45 Paaubau 8 P C 0.... 21 62%
80 S F Gas & Electrlo 84 00
320 Spring Valley Water Co 40 25
$2,000 Sacramento El Gas & Ry 65.. 11 l 25
$1,000 United R R of 3 F 4s 89 00
$10,000 Cal Gaa & El G M & C T 65.. 90 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Aak.
Bay CPC 6a.10« — SF G&E4%5.102 —
B L Wat 65.114 — SF &NP 55.112 —
Cal NW 55.108%111% S P C R 4s. 96% —
M C Wat 6a — • 114 Sun Tel 65.. 112 —
O T Con 58.106 100^4 Do 6s ....110% — *
Rial WksSs.lOO — Suttr-«t R55.105 110
SF Drdk 65.115 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. '
Ala S C 0... — 25 Gae Con A. — 20
Am Bis C 0.107% — Mat Nay C 0.125 185
Cal Cot Mis 89 91 Mis Nat 8k.325
Cal G&ECor — 90 NS R R Co. — 12%
C Jockel C1.122%130 N Cal P Co. 10% lilt
Cal Powder.l6o — Ok Bk Sav. lso
Cal Ship Co— 25 lOOF Hall A 6% —
CaJT I & T. 165 175 Orpheum Co. 16 —
Cen Bk Ok. — 75 PacC Cas C 0.140 — "
Chutes Co.. — 5 Pac Sur Co. — 120
Clty& C 8k.107%119 Paraf Paint. — 90
Cyp L Imp. 5 6 S F Drydock — 76
DptPwd pfd — 90 SF & SJCoal 20 \u25a0* —
Do com .. 75 UO S Jose Wat. 103%—
FN Bk, 0k.120 — SO &MTgbt.l2s . —
Flschr Thtr 75c — So Pac Co. . — 68 '
Frnch-A 8k.108% — \u25a0 Swlss-A 8k.125 130
Hono P Co. — 85 Truck Elect. 17% —
Do old pi. — 39 - Union S Co. 35 37%
Do nw pi. \u25a0—;•\u25a0 37 W-Fargo 8k.230 240
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Arline 37
Associatel Oil Co Stk Tr Cert 66 . 57"
Claremont 77% '
Forty .... • 60
Illinois Crude.'....... 20
Imperial 16 60
Independence 20 27
Kern (New)........ 't 16
Linda Vista... ...\. , 05 .....
Monte Cris to ....'. 76 77%
Occidental of W Va.. ....... '03 ' *\u25a0 04
Oil City Petr01eum........... 62%
Peerless .................... 775 8 75
Piedmont ................... 03 07
Reed Crude.'.......; 24 ....
Shawmut 87
Superior 05 '06
Wabash 32 : ....
Northern California. Power. . 10 87% 11 25 ;
Miscellaneous Bonds —
Associated Oil Co 6s j (1922) . 90 To ....
• OFFICIAL SALES.
' Afternoon Session.
Board — ' •
549 Associated OH Co Stock Tr Cert.. 66
1000 Associated Oil Co Stock Tr Cert.. 67
300 California-Standard 0i1..... V. 41
100 Northern California P0wer....... 11 12%
Mlnlns Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO; STOCK ; EXCHANGE.
Following were ' the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and. Exchange; Board, yesterday;
; , 9:30 a-'m. Session— Comstocks.
100 Andes ......V 301. 100 Mexican .....1 40
600 Belcher . .". . . 83| . 100 Occidental . . . 1»0
100 Bruns C Va. <Wtl4oo Potosl ....:..' 16
200 Bullion ..... .'^j 70OSavage ...... 6t
100 Caledonia ... 46 200 Sierra Nev ..: m
SOO Con Va M..A 90 300 Sierra Nev ..37
100 Exchequer C."V 53 600 Union Con . . 55
200 Gould & Cur. 27|
' 12 m. Informal • Session — Comstocks.
300 Andes .. ..... 271 200 Mexican, \ s 5.1 S6
1200 Andes ....... 28| 100 Mexican, \u25a0 »30.1 35
*\u25a0 100 Belcher ..... 32 100 Ophlr ...... ..6 00
200 BrumC.Va. 03 ,100 Ophlr ......5 87%
300 Challenge ... 16 100 Potosl ;.v:... 16
000 Chollar . . . .'. 16 100 Savage ...... 64
1000 Con VaM.\.l 90 100 Sierra Nev ..• '37
\u25a0300 Con'Va" M..M 85 ; 100 Sierra Nev ..:,. 36
-'100 Crown '•\u25a0 Point.' 11 'Oa -200 Sierra Nev! .'.'. 33
800 Gould tc Cur. V 27 ' 500 Silver ; Hill . . 03
; 100 Gould : & Cur. '28 • ; 100 Union '; Con .". \u25a0 54
.100 Hale & Norc.l 25 :500 Union Con ... .Vi
500 Julia-.......: '07 ; 300 Union Con .. 62
100 Mexican ....140 ;
; . t : '. 2p. m. ' Session— Comstocks.
500 Aipha ....:.'." .11 1 ': SOO Mexican' ...... 135
300 Belcher . . . . -So| 100 Overman \u25a0 .... 11'
."•' 6CO Con Va .M.V.I 80 1500 Sierra Nev .. • 3»
100 Confidence \u25a0-\u25a0'... : 78 300 Union' Con .: -T>l
' 200 Crown - Point. 09 '- 200 Utah .r'.V. . . . : . : CO
200 Gould & Cur.: 25 500 Yellow. Jacket 23
100 Hale&lforc.l 20;;,, '. .-; .\u25a0 \
' . CLOSING i QUOTATIONS. :\u25a0'\u25a0',\u25a0
\u25a0: "'\u25a0'.'. ' ; ' , Bid.Ask.
Alpha \u25a0.....',. 11 '12 Gould '& Cur.: 25 2*
Alta .7..... V^ 03? 05 Hale & Noro.l 15 1 25
- Andes ..*... .'. .' 27 ; .-:\u25a0 28 Julia - ..... . . . -06 .. m
'Belcher ..... 29 31 Justice * :.:.:. sO3 ,04
Best;A ! Bel..l r 5O 165 Kentuck;..^,.. 02 04
Bruns ChoUar ': 01 — Lady .Waih.'.-. i, 02 \u25a0- 04
i Bruns . C .V*. 02 — Mexican ..... 1; 30 125
Brun* G & C 01,'— 1 Occidental ••• 8T , »0
Bruns Potosl. 01" — Ophir ...... 062}4 5 75
• Bruns Savage 01 — Ophlr-Bruns . . OS 10
Bullion . . . . ; 38 39! Overman - . . . : 10 11
Caledonia ... 45 \u0084 40j P0t051 ........ 1* 15
Challenge ... 15 .1H Savage 52 53
ChoUar 15 5C Scorpion *..... 1* 15
Confidence .. IC SO S»g Belcher.. #o4 03
Con VaM...l 70 175 Sierra Nev .. 23 34
Con Imperial 01 02 Silver .-Hill «. 93 94
Con NY.... 01 02' St Louis .... 00 —
Crown Point. 08 00 Syndicate .... 11 —
E Sierra Nev — 05 Union Con . . 60 52
Eureka : C0n..2 00 225 Utah .... 05 W
Exchequer .. 62 ,03 Yellow Jacket 22 23
TONOPAH AND GOLDFTBLI^ STOCKS.
Morning Session.
\u25a0 500 Adam* ...... 04|1650 Jlont Ton ...2 30
1000 Adams, b CO.- 05 700 Mnt Tn.510.2 27%
1600 Atlanta ..... 10 2000 Mont Ton. . .2 2"Vi
1000 Blua Bull OS 1500 Nev Goldflrfd. 25
1000 Bonnie Clare 35 2000 Nev Gldfld.slO 25
20C0 Blfrg Bundle 10 1 3000 Nev Goldfleld. 24
2000 Bullfrog Mln 50 2000 North 1 Star... 45
2000 Blfg NBk.bSO 15 800 North Star... -iC
500 Cash Boy .. 16 10C0 N V Ton Con 16
200 Den Bullfrog 25 800 Ohio Ton ;... 23
2000 Empire, a 5. 05 4000 Pennsylvania. 02
1 000 Gold Bar :.. 32 200 Red \u25a0 Top ' I=2
1000 Gold Bar, 1)90 "85 2500 Red Top .... «1
1000 Home .... . . .OS: 1000 Red Top. bOO, 65
• 100 Jim Butler. . 64 SCO Stelnway .... 13
300 J Butler, b9O C 7 100 Stelnway 14
100 Jumbo MCo 76 300 Ton B*lmont..l 40
2500 Kendall 22 1000 Ton BlmnCl S7H
1000 Kendall • 5. ;22 600 West Bnd . .. 82
1000 MacNamara. 31 1000 W Bnd, b9O 08
1000 Mohawk .... 15 SOO West E»d ... &3
Afternoon . Session.
500 Atlanta, a 10. 101 100 North Star... , 4fl
8000 Atlanta, s 10. 03|3000 North' Star... 45
6500 Atlanta ..... 00; ICOO N-Y Ton Con 18
200 Bullfrog Ex. 32 1000 N V Ton Con 17
1000 Bullfrog Mln 60! 200 Rocco Hmstlt. SI
1000 Den Bullfrog 24 1000 Rocco Hmstk. 85
4500 -Den Bullfrog 23 600 Ton Blmont-1 37*4
3000 Den Bullfrog 26 2000 Home Con.bOO 09
1000 Gold Anchor. 86 1000 Ton Midway.. l 40
1000 Goldfleld Mln ,57 1200 Ton Mdway.l 37%
4000 Llge Harris... 02 1000 Tn Mdwy.blO.l 40
' cOO Mont T0n,510.2 So[ -
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District.
Bid. Ask. | - . Bld.Aak.
Belmont ....1 37 140 Lucky Tom.. — 05
Belmont EJt.. — 12 MacNamara. . 31 '81
Boston Ton.. 11 14 Mid-way 137 140
Brer's JB Ex — 10 Mlzpah Ex .. 11 13
California ... 05 07 Mont Ton ...2 80 282
Cash Boy .. 15 10 Mon Pttsburi — 18
Colehan . — 10| Monitor 02 ;03
Eula Con .. — 17! NY Ton Con 16 17
Gold Anchor. 88 Ss| North Star... 45 46
Golden Gate. — -08 Ohio Ton .... 22 24
Gold Mt .... 11 12 Red Rock Bx — 15
Gold Mt Con — 01 Rescue ...... 06 08
Great Weatrn 02 03 Ton Exten ..587 6 00
Ind Tonopah. — 01 Ton. Hme Con 05 08
Home ....... OS 09 Ton SI v & Gld 15 —
Jim Butler.. 63 66 Ton of Nev.l2 75 13 00
J Butler Ex. — 17 Virginia ..... 10 —
Little Ton ..2 00 250 West End ... 91 93
Goldfleld District. 'K-^'l.
Adame 04 05' Goldfleld Ton. — 05
Atlanta ..... 09 10| Great Bend .. — 06
Aurora ...... 06 09; Highland .... — 20
Black Ants.. — Otljombo M Co. 75 76
Black Butte. 16 20| Jumbo Ex ... 20 21
Blk Btte Ex— 021 Juno — 01
Black Rock.. — 02 Kendall ..... 22 —
.Blue Bell ... 04 05 Lone Star ... 07 08
Blue Bull ... 06 07 Lucky Star .. — Oi
Brooklyn .... 01 02 May Queen... 15 17
Btte Goldfleld 88 — Mohawk 14 15
Bull & Bear. 02 03 Nevada Boy.. 13 15
Booth M Co. 05 — Nev Goldfleld. 24 26
C O D 40 60' Ncr Southern. — 11
Columbia ... 15 — Oakee — 10
Columbia Mt 14 16' Oakland — 10
Conqueror .. 13 10 Oro — 06
Diamond .... — 15 Pennsylvania. 01 02
Dlamondfleld. 22 24 Red Lion .... 02 03
Dmdfld Trngl — 10;Potlatch 08 —
Dominion ... — 06 Red Top .... 60 61
Dixie ....... 09 10 Red Top Ex.- 01 03
Empire ..... 05 06 Sandstorm ... 45 46
Exploitation. — 04 Sandstorm' Ex 07 10
Fawn ....... 06 — Sherman .... 25
Florence 2 60 4 00 Silver Pick... 07 \O9
Frisco — ; 08 Slmmerone .. 20
Gold Dust . . " — 07 St Ivea ..... 13 14
Gold Hill ... — 04 Treasure 04 —
Goldfleld Mm B6 5S Verde — 02
Gld& G Reed — 10 Verrial 08 05
Gldfld Rand. 05 06; Wonder — . 02
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... — 08 Gold Bar .... 81-83
Amethyst ... — 15 Gldfld Bullfrg — 10
Big Bullfrog. 12 — Lige Harris.. 02 03
Bonnie Clare 66 — Mont Bullfrog 02 03
Bullf rosr Mln 47 40 Orig Bullfrog. 20 22
Bullfrog Anx 02 04 Pilot 20 —
Bullfrog Com 06 — Red Dog — 06
Bullfrog Ex. 32 83 San Francisco 17 19
Blfrg Bundle 06 lOlShoshone — 10
Blfrg Jumper 10 — Shoshn B Old — 25
Bullfg NB k 14 l&'steinway 14 .15
Den. Bullfrog 23 25! Ventura 11 13
Dn Blfg Anx 07" 10 Vista Grande. — 05
EJclipee 38 89| Wolverine ... 06 10
Other District*.
Brown Hope. — 14 Paymaster .... 01 02
Congress 15 — Ray & O'Brien 06 07
Esperanza .. — ' 01 Rocco Hmstk. 85 —
Gold Reer M 15 — Rothwoll — 26
Gold Quarts. 82 — Silver Peak.. — 17
Kawich &B. — 13 Southwestern. „ — 25
Kawich King — 01 Sylvanla 05 10
Kawch MCo 06 00 Tokop Con .'.'. 02 —
Lida Hawk.. — 60
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. \u25a0'•
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
9:30 a. m. \u25a0* Session.
- 400 Con Va M...1 85 100 Mont T0n... 2 ZlVt
1000 Gould & Cur. 20 300 Ophlr 600
200 Jumbo M Co. 74 1000 Orig Bullfrog. 20
500 MacNamara.. 31 200 Union Con .. 65
200 Mexican 1 40
. 11 a.m. Session.
1000 Bl Butte. bBO 17J2000 Red Top .... 61
800 Goldfleld Mln 68| 500 Savage 64
2500 Kendall 22J 200 Sierra Nev . . 8«
1000 Kendall, s 10. 22 200 Ton Belmoflt..l 40
1000 M'Nmra. b3O 32 800 Ton N"Star.. 46
600 Mont T0n.. 2 27% 600 Union Con .. So
2 p. m. -Session.
400 Andes 28 200 Mexican 183
300 Con Va M...1 85 800 Mont T0n. ..2 27%
1000 Dmdfld, b 30 23 200 Mnt Tn.510.2 27%
SOO Gold Anchor, -v 85 1000 Red Top 61
1000 Home, b 00. . 08 500 Ton Cash Boy 16
SCOO Hme Con.b&O 09 i 500 Tn Mdwy,bls.l 40
200 Jumbo M Co. 70' 200 West End :.. 93
100 Mexican ..1 37%|
CLOSING • QUOTATIONS.
, Comstocks.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Aßk.
Alpha 10 12 Julia — 10
Alta 03 — Justice ...... — 05
Andes ....... 27 28 Kentuck ..... 00 —
Belcher 30 81 Lady Wash... — 04
Best & 8e1.. 1 60 — Mexican 1301 35
Bullion ..... 38 — Occidental ... 87 —
Caledonia ... 45 — Ophlr ......0 75 5 87%
Challenge ... 15 — Overman .... 11 —
Chollar .:... 15 16 Potoel 15 18
Confidence .." 78 — Savage '. 52 .—. —
Con :Va M. ..1 75 180 Seg Belcher. . "05 —
Con Imperial — 02 Scorpion 13 15
Con NY.... — 01 Sierra Nev .. S3 —
Crown Point. 08 —Silver Hill ..92 —
Exchequer .. 62 —St Louis .... — 11
E Sierra Nev — 04 Union Con .. Bl 62
Gould & Cur. 25 — Utah 05 06
Hale & Norc.l IS — Yellow Jacket 23 23
Tonopah District,
Belmont ....1 35 — t Midway .....1 85 —
California ... — 06 Mizpah Ex .: 10 12
Cash Boy ..16 17 Mont Ton 2 27% 2 82%
Colehan \u0084... — 10 N V Ton Con 20 21
Gold Anchor. 85 SS North Star. .. 45. —
Great We*trn 03% 04 Ohio ; — 25
Home ....... 07% oUl Paymaster ... 01 02
Home Con .. — CO Rescue 06% 07%
Ind Tonopah.oo% 01% B. Nev Dev... — IB
Jim Butler... 63 — Ton Exten ..B 7fl —
Little Ton .. — 2 75 Ton of Nev.l2 BO 18 23
Lucky Tom.. — 17 United Ton .. — 15
MacNamara.. 81 32 West End ... —1 10
' ' Ooldfleld District.
Adam* ..."... 04 05 Jumbo M Co. — 75
Austin .'...'. — 81 Jumbo Ex ... — 25
Black Butte. 16 17 Kendall ..... 21 28
' Blk Btte Ex. — 03% Lone Star ... ft? —
Black Rock.. — 03 May. Queen... 16 —
Blue 8e11... .04% 06. Mohawk IB —
-Blue Bull ... 00 OS Ntev GoldfleW. 22 27
Brooklyn ... 02 05 Oakes ........ — 09
Columbia Mt 18 — Oro/.... .: — 04
Diamond .... — 15 Pa Goldfleld.. 02 .03
Dlamondfleld. — 30 Red Lion .... 02 04
Dixie .... 08 10' Red Top — 04
Frisco!!...... — 10 Red Top Ex. 01 03
Exploitation. — OljSt Ives 13 > 15
Gldfld GDst — \u25a0 07j Sandstorm ... — M)
Gld& G Reed -11 — I Sandstorm Ex 08 —
Gldfld L Star — , 07| Silver Pick... — 00
Goldfleld Nev 56 — Slmmerone .. 25
Great Bend.. 03; — IVernal .:..... — 06
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa . .". 01 021 Llge Harris. . - 01%—
Beatty Blfrg — 05 Mont Bullfrog 02 04
Bullfrog Anx — 05 Orig Bullfrog. 20 22
Bullfrg Belle — 07 Shoshone .... — 12
Bullfrog Mm — 65 Vista Grande. — 07
Bullfg N Bk 14 IB Wolverine ... — 11
Eclipse-...".. — .39
. \u25a0 '\u25a0' Other : Districts. ...
Brown Hope. — '10 Pine Grove .. 20 23
Rsperanra . . — 00^ Ray & O'Brien 05 —
Free Gold .. — 13 Rothwoll .;.; 02 :10: 10
Gold Mt Con — 02 Silver Peak. . — 21
Kawich Gold. — 01 Ton . Berkeley. — 04
Nev Sunshine 15 — | Ton Gold Mt. 09 —
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAY, J; OCTOBER 24.
: Louise ' Stelnhard '. to >David - Hamburger, lot
6n-Nline f of Post street, 80 E of Polk, E 57:8
by N- 12O;$1C -' '* ; =\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0• \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0".\u25a0-\u25a0'\u25a0"
;- Otto F. and Mathilda von/Rheln to: Hind
Estate ' Company, lot . on SE \u25a0 corner " of 'Wash
ington and Polk streets. SUO-.S: by. E 100: *10.
Hazard* P. Herrickito John Rosenfeld's Sons,
lot- on \u25a0 N line of Broadway. . Bo \u25a0W of Larkin,
W 88 -0 • N i:J7:«. W- 42:9. N- 49 :6, . E 50, N. 88.'
E'Bl'o S 275; also"lot on W:llne of Larkin.
125 N .» of Broadway, ; N ; 25 ; by W 80. quitclaim
"''j -A. 'Johnston to Edith 'H. Smith. "«' lot on
E line of Van -Ness avenue,-- 137:6 N of Broad
way ' N '25:0 -by iEv 109, -'and -all t Interest In
estate of f Henry ?Wo Smith, No. 22.603; % $4CO.
:: S ' Edith ? H.t and ."Alice ( M.t Smith to Flora vantt
Milanl,,lot on E line of Van Ness avenue,* 137:6
N.of Broad Way.iN 25:9 by X 109; $10.
"City. and'; County of , San ° Francisco to Helen
F's or 'Nellie F. VWitcher, ; on ; SW corner \u25a0Qf
Lombard H and Gough streets, W 105, S 60,
W 60. S 107. E 165, N 167; alo» lot on N"V7
corner of Lombard and Octavla streets. N I*< ;8
by W 412:6: also block bounded by N line of
Francisco street. E by Fillmore, S by Chestnut,
and Wby Steiner; % . \u0084>.\u2666>,
Louisa D. and Oertrude Stotf to Ellzabetn
C. Ashton, lotonW line of Scott street, 100
N of EIH«. N 25 by W 90: *10.
City and County of San Francisco to Rebecca
Doolittle (Jeoniiurs). lot on S line of Orove
street, 137:6 W of Devlsadero, W 110 by o
137:G; . - . . --.•-•
. Charles S. and Lillian M. "Wheeler to Will
iam A. Magee, lot •on N line of Broadway.
330:0% W of Baker. N 275. W 49:10* K. SE
275. E 60: *10.
Jenny and M. A. Smith to Francois Marx, lot
on E line of Central avenue. 30 N of Clay.
N 30 by E 100; $10.
Agnes Maqulro (wife of A. B.) to George L.
Center, lot on W line of De Lonar street, 195
S of Frederick. S 40 by W 80: $10.
Albert L. Barker (Bower) to John J. and
Catherine Cllne, lot on E line of Tremont
street. 740 S of Frederick. S 25 by E 80; $10.
Margaret F. Moss (wife J. Mora) to M. K.
Foulkes, lot on W line of Walnut street.
171:7% S of Sacramento. S 25 by W 137:6: $10.
American Surety Company to Andrew Dahl
bergr, lot on S line of Sacramento street. 87:8
\N of Laurel. W 25 by S 107:7%; $10.
" City and County of San Francisco to Rosa
Lewis, lot on SW corner of Jackson and Laurel
streets, S 127:8* i by.W 137:6: .
E. and Adella McLaughlln to Wantn Im
provement Company, lot on SW line of Dore
street, 100 SE of Howard, SE 123 by SW 35:
Charles S. and Anna T. Laumelster to tracts
2L X? y^, lot on NE llne *>t Twelfth street.
261:»«4*NW of Howard. NW 70:ll«, NE 155:9.
SE 66:8T*. SW 151:8 13-16- $10. '
Same to same, lot on SE line of Minna
street. 130 SW of Lafayette, SW 23, SB 73,
NE 23:4, NW 75; $10.
City and County of San Frandsco to Gto
vannl G. Martinelll and Francisco FredlanU
lot on NE line of Juniper street. 150 SE of
Harrison, SE 25 by NE S3; $-
City and County of San Francisco to John
and Emma Neukom. lot on SE corner of Twen
ty-sixth and Harrison streets. S 25 by E 100;
George D. Shadburne to Jonathan Anderson,
lot on 8 lin« of Twenty-second street, ICO W
of Noe, W 325, S 114. H 20. S 114 E 305
N 225; $10.
William deßrte to Peter L. Petersen. lot
on N line of Twenty-fifth street. 75 E of Vlcks
burg. E 25 by N 114; $10.
a Celia Healy and Ellen and John Wohlers to
John and Maggie Costello, lot on W line <f
Church street. 88 N of Army. N 26 by W 80;
Daniel T. or Daniel Callaghan to John W.
Riley. lot on N line of Clipper street, 133 B
of Diamond, E 25 by N 114- $10.
John W. and- Kate A. Rlley to Harrold F\
and Setella Everett, same; $10.
Frank Estate to Starr Estate Company lot
on NW corner of Washington and Sansome
streets. W. 62:6 by N 137:6; $10.
\u25a0 Charles A. and Marie R. Dumont t» Julie
Dimmer, lot on W line of Powell street, 56
N of Pacific, N 26 by W 45:10- $10
Gustav and Nellie Harshall to Charlotte F.
w ark . e '^- lc^ on S llne °' PMt street. 02:10
W of Taylor. W 44:8 by 8 63:9- $10
., Sa , rah A. McCurdy to Clarice Collins, un
divided one-sixth of lot on SW llne of Fre-
SJl'cn"^ 137:6 BB ot Howard. SE 137 :«.
Sw 80. NW 90. SW 67:6. NW 47:6, NE 137:6;
« **S£s? l .. T> - Gre * n to Frank C. Nlcholla lot
on NW line of Brannan street. 116:6 SW of
Center place, SW 44 by NW 80; $10.
TT«^, ne \ S .s - s , mtt h X formerly Agnes SHvey
? v?£\. to JullU9 and Hilton Auerbach lot
SE N 2 Fby NE ioTAl s*"^5 *"^ 3 ° SE ° f I>dwml
•i Will isf n *?* Christina Ehrenpfort to Wll
iiam Edwards, lot on S corner of Fifth and
Clara streets, SB 70:6 by SW 75- $10
of Christina C. Hollo (by Joseph A.
T?c Sl,m Hofmann. executors) to Ernst
'IK o^ g $°l f l.^o eath - NE " :1 ° fc r SB
Timothy Kelleher «t al. to E. Crack lot on
IS^0 n hv° f 4^ W "S? 1 - ** S^of Howard
SB 20 by SW SS. and lands adjacent- $10
ii T f\T.- f y ? n t0 Harf y Harrison, lot on W
flfTh.^Kr'ri^TV 00 Not rwenty
nue and Lake street. E 255 by S 300; $10
I C. Scharff to Karl Krug, lot 6a W Une
of Seventh avenue, 190:4U N of Point LoboS
avenue N 30:1% by W 120- $10
City and County of San Francisco to John
Walton, lot on NW. corner of Point Lobos and
6W?B. S 85:4-'sl!^ UeB ' N 60 °' W SB
n Sam ? -J2. Georglna A - Adainson. lot on E
VZL?' ™ rt y-"*««d avenue. 260 S of Point
Lobos avenue. S 66:10 by E 120- t
Jacob Heyman Company to Percy E. Town.
John F. Bolts to Mary F Bolts lot™ w
gg i 'b; f^"s! e s«r™ i?i » i wit i;
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
SAILED.
Tuesday. October 24.
Btmr Celia. Hansen, Albion.
Stmr Gualala. Kalnin. Eurek*.
DOMESTIC PORT.
; rBATOOSH— Passed in Oct 24— Stmr Geonre
Loomi-. hence Oct 20. for Seattle;
bert L. Smith, from San Pedro, for Puset
Sound: etmr City of Puebla, hence Oct 22 for
Seattle: Fr bark , Button, from Honolulu, for
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Caro
nia and stmr Oceanic, from Liverpool.
Sailed Oct 24— Stmr Kronprinz Wllhelm for
Bremen; stmr Georglc. for Llveroool
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Furnes
sla. from New York; stmr Pretoria, from Mon
treal: stmr Numldian. from New York.
NAPLES— Arrived- Oct 22— Stmr Prlni Os
kar. from New York." for Genoa, and proceeded
GENOA — Arrived Oct 22 — Stmr Llguria, from
New York.
CHRISTIANIA— SaiIed Oct 24—-Stmr United
States, for New York. \u25a0 \u25a0 .--- . •_\u25a0 \u25a0•.\u25a0'- -\u25a0..
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Oct 24— Stmr Tldeus,
from Liverpool, via Colombo, Singapore-, Hong
kone, etc, for Tacoma. . \u25a0. . .
\u25a0TTJI CALIFORNIA
Santa Fe Trains
7:30 A. M.) For Stockton, Merced. Fresco.
8:00 P. M.f Hanford. Vlsalla. Bakersfleld
j and intermediate points.
9:30 A. M.— California Limited, three days to
Chicago, Mondays and Thurs-
days. Direct connection to
" Grand Can yon. M
9:30 A. M-— Valley for Stockton.
Merced, Fresno, Hanford. Visa,
lla and Bakersfleld and points
on the Sierra Railway. -
4:00 P. M-— For Stockton and Intermediate
points.
8:00 P. M.— Overland Express, for. Chicago.
Kansas City, Denver and Grand
\u25a0; Canyon.
Ticket Offlces— 6S3 Market street and Ferry
Depot, San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway
Oakland. Cal. ; = also 27 South First street.
San Jose. . ,-
a I To SAN RAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY; .
MILL VALLE'f,
JCAZADERO, Etc,
\u2666 Via Sau*allto Ferry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
"•' Depart week days and Sundays at 7:00 (ex-
cept Sunday). 7:45, 8:25. 9:10, 9:60. 11:00 a,
m.; 12:20 1:45. 3:15. 4:35. 5:15. -.0:50. 6:30.
7:15. 9:00, 10:15 and 11:35 p. m. ' •
For Fairfax; week days — 7:45 a. m.. 3:13 p.
m. (Saturday* only), 5:15 p. m. dally except
Saturday and 1 Sunday; Sundays and holidays —
7:45 9:10," 11:00 a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. '.-•
7:45 a. m.' dally— Cazaiiero and way stations.
.3:15 p. m. Saturdays >only--For Cazadero.
etc. -
5 :15 p. : m. dally ' (except Saturday and Sunt
day)— For Point Reyes, etc. .
TICKET OFFICE— 6SO Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt,Tamalpais Railway
>r-! Sm a . VIM M 3 \u25a0
iMM ?^W Leave S. F. 9:50 a m 1:45 r M
l»9S§x i^a Arrive S. F. 10:45 A M 2:65, 6.-2J M€
VJSSragiy satcrijit cslt
TCgagmSf Lv. S.F. 4:55 p.m Ar. S. F. 11:25 pm
WWT SUSHIS ISD LKAL EOLUATS
--^\u25a0Br < LT.S.F. 8:25,9:50,11:00 AM 1.45pm
. .. : • Ar. S. F. l:S0, 2:55, 4:23, 632 fm
V TICIIT j 650 Market ST.,(North Shoreßailroad)
OFFICK ( and Sausauto Fbhy. Foot Market St. .
Train* le»«» and ar« due .
ATH^ to arrire at -^
/C&^l^ra SAN FRANCISCO.
I Vjf^fj-*J> j Fsox Octobk 3, 1905.
N^ir^^ifC// Fbesy Diyor
>^q|£^ (Foot of Market Street)
uati- MAIN LINK- -a»hit»"
">.ooAKlmlra, Vacavlllc. Winters. liams«r 7ABp
7.00 a Richmond, Brnlcia, Sicrameuto.
SaHun and War Stations 7-23(»
7.40 a Vsllejo. Xapa, CalUtoga, Santa
Rosa, Martinez. San Ramon B.CBf»
7.40 a Nlles, Plea* an ton, LJvermore, „
Tracy. Lathrop. 5t0ckt0n ........ 7.255»
B.ooAShasta Kxpress— (Via Dull).
\u25a0 Williams, Willows, tFruto, Bed
Bluff, Portland. Tacoma, Seattle. /.«»*
IXOADivIs, Woodland, KnlshU Landing,
MarysTflle. OrotlUe .~..« '•«»
1.20 a Martinez, Antloch. Byron, Tracy,
Stockton, Newman, Los Banoi.
Mendota, Armona, II an ford. \u25a0 c3p
Vlaalla, PorterTlllo ......-...-•. "J 4.43*
S.2OA Port Costa. Lathrop. Merced. Mo-
desto, Fresno. Hanford, VUalla,
Bakersfleld •• «- 4a *
8.40 a Nlles, San Ju»e, Llvermore, Btccz-
ton (tMllton). Valley Spring.
lone. Sacramento. PlaeervUle.
Colfax. MarjsvlUe. Red 8:u3.... 4.08*
B.4oA Oakdale, Chinese, Jamestown, _„
Bonora, Tuolamne and Angels... 4.08*
B.OOA Atlantic Espress-Ogden and East. 4.28P
B.4oa ßichmond, PortCoita. Marttnea
snd Way Stations (tConcord) .... 8.43 J
I 0.20 a Vallejo, Dally. Napa, Sunday only J-49P
10.20aLos Angeles Passenger— Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced,
Raymond, Fresno, Gothen Jnnc-
tlon. Hanford. Lemoore, Vlsaila,
Bakersfleld, Los Angeles. .... .... 7JJB*
10.20 a El Paso; Kansas City. St. Louis and
Chicago 7.08^
11.00 a The Overland Limited— Omaaa,
Chicago, Denver. Kansas City... p.4B*
11.40ANHe», San Jose and Way Stations. 2-48 i»
tl.oopSaeramento River Steamers^..... tll.uOP
3.2oPPort Costa, Martinez. By ron,Tra«y. \u0084f c
Modesto. Merced, Fresno 12.03* w
3.2oPYosemlte and Marlpo** Bis: Trees. r
Monday, Wedne»day and Friday 8-43*
JulOPßenlcla, Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland, »Kn!ght» Landing.
.- \u25a0 Marysvilie and Oro»llle 10.48 a
s.4opHayward, Klles. and Way Stations 7.43 i»
4.oopVallcJo. Martinez. San Ramon.
Napa. Callitosa, Santa Ro«a 9.28 a
4.OOPNUCS. Tracy. 6tockton. LodL 19 28a .
4.4oP Hayward. Nlles. Irvlngton, SaaJ t§.4BA .
Joae, LlTermore » ;11.48a
B.QOPThe Owl Limited— Newman, Los
Hanoi, Mcndota, Fresno, Tulare,
Balcersfleld. Los Angelei 8.43 a
B.OOp Chicago and Sc Loul* Special— El
Paso. Kansaa City. SC Louis and
Calcago «.43a
ts.2opHayward. Ulles and San Jose 7.03 a
8.20P Vallejo. Port Costa, Benlcla. Sul-
sun, Sacramento 11.Z8A
6-OOPEastern Express— Omaha. Chfcatro,
Dearer, Kansas City. Sc Louts.
Martinez, Stockton, Sacramento,*
Reno, Sparks. Montcllo. Ogden .. 12.48*
8-20P Hayward, Nlles and San Jo«e 8.48 a
/.OOPBeno Passenger— Port Costa. Be-
nlcla, SoUun, Elmtrs. Dlion,
DaTls.Sacramento. Sparks, Tono-
pah. GoldSeidandKeeler 74)8A
7.oopVallejo, Crockett and Way Sta-
tions, Sunday only 11.23 a
B.2oPOregoa ft California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysvttle. Redding. ' • »
Portland. Pnget Sound and East. 8.48 a
9-OOp Bay ward, Kllea and San Jose (Sun-
day only) 111.48 a
COAST LI N E (.Narrow Usage).
(Foot of Market StrecC)
8-15AKewark. Ceuterrllle, San Jose. "
Felton. Boulder Creek. Saata
Croz and Way Stations 5-55P
t2.lsp3Tewark, Centervill<\ San Jose.
New Almaden. Los Gatos. Felton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations t10.55A
4.l6p2Tewsrk, Saa Jose^Los Gatos ....j t jgJg A
!MspHnnters Tratn— (Saturday only)
Ban Jose and Way Stations 17-59P
COAST LINE <Uro*d bauaej.
Pr (Third and Townwend Streets.) t *A
S.lOASanJuae and Wuy Stations 6.30^"*
7.ooa San Jose and Way Stations S-40i>
B.OOANew Almadea (Tues.. Frt., only).. 4-10P
8-OOAThe Coaster— San Jose, Salinas.
San Ardo, Paso Robles, Santa
Margarita, Saa Luis Obispo.
Gnadainpe, Garlota. Santa Bar-
bara. Saa Buenaventura, Oxnanl,
BurbanS. Los Angeles IQ.3C*
B.ooAOllroy, Holli»ter, Pajaro, Castro-
Tllle, Del Monte, Pacific Grove,
S a rf, Lomooc 10.30*
B.OOASan Jose. Tres Plnos, Watsonvtlle.
Capitols, Santa Cruz, Paciflo
Grove. Salinas, San Luis Obispo
and Principal Way Station* 4.1 Op
10-30 a Saa Jose and Way Stations 1.20p
I 1 .30a San Joae and Way Stations 7-4Qi»
2.1 5p San Jose and Way Stations 3-3SA
3 OOP Del Monte Express— Santa Clara, -\u25a0•^ "..
San Jo*e, IV*tsonvtlle, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey
PadflcGrove 12-15*
tS-GOPLo* G Jtog, Wright. Bonlde? Creek,
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Oauge 10.45 a
S-30P South San Francisco, San Josa,
' • Gtlroy. HoUlster. Tres Plnos 10.45 a
4.30 P San Jos* aad Way Stations t7.6SA '
tB. OOP Santa Clara. Sao Jose. Los Gatos, t9.Ot?A '
48.50P San Jose and Prli ctpal Way Stations } 9.40 a
B-45PSunset Express— Redwood, San
Joae, Gllroy, Salinas. Paso
Robles, San Luis Obispo, Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles, Demlng. . '
El Paso, New Orleans 9-10 a
6.45pE1 Paso, Kansas City. SC Louis,
Chicago 9.10 a
&45PPaJaro, Watsonvtlle. Capltola,
Santa Cruz. Castrovtlle. Del
Monte, Pacific Grovo 10.30*
t&ISPSan Mateo, Beresford, Belmont,
Ban Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Polo Alto tS.4S*
6.3Qp3an Jose and W»t Stations ... 8.38 a
S.OOPPaIo Altoand War Stations 10.15 a
11-7 Op s* rath San Francisco, Mlllbrae, Bur-
llasame, San Mateo, Belmonc,
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park and Palo Alto 9-43*
I UOP Saturdays only for Mayfleld. Moun-
tain View, Snnnvvale. Lawrence, /L
Santa Clara and San Jooe t9.4a'»£^'
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
. (Foot of Market Sc)
t 7.15 a.m. 8.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
- 1.00 p. m. 3.00 p.m. 5.13 P. w f
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
tSanday excepted. JSuaday only.
b Monday only.
{Dally, and stops at all stations oa Sunday.
ULIFORNIA MRTIIWESTEBN RY. COl
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00 a. m.; 12:33. 3:3*.
5:10. 6:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30 a. m,: 12:33. 3:30. tt:lot
8:30 d. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:03. 7:33, 7:50. »:20. a. m.;
12:50, 3:40. 6:00, 8:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:OS.B:OO.B:I6. 9:40 a m.; 3:W.
4:50, 5:00. 5:20. 6:30 p. m.
Leave I la Effect I Arrive
San Fran. | Oct. 8. 1905. ( Saa Fran.
Week I Sun— I Destln*- I Sun— I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a »;10a| 8:40 a
9:00 a 9:30 a Igaado. 10:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p 3:80 p 6:00 p. 6:30 »
6:10 p 5:10 p T:3opt
9:00 al 'J :3O a I Napa. J 9:10 a| 8:40 9
5:10 p| 5:10 p| > 8:20 p| »:2Op
7:30 a 19:10 a 8:40 a
3:00 a NovAto, 10:4Oal0:23a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 8:20 9
8:10 p 3:30 p and T:3sp
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7 -30 a I : 10:40 a|lo:2sa_
8:00 a| Fulton 7:3 opt 6:20*4.-
8:30 p 3:30 p t
Windsor
T:3oa 8:00 a Healdsburg 10:40 a 10:25 a
Lytton
8-30 p 3-3>p Geyservtll* 7:30 p 6:20 9
. ( . Cloverdala
7-30 al 8:00 at HoDland 110:40 a|lt):2s a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah | 7:30 pj 6:20 9
~\ T~7 Wllltts and j I
7:30 a| 8:00 a[ Sherwood | 7:30 pf 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a) 110:40 a|10:25 a
8:30P|3:30pl GnernerlUe j 7:30 pl 6:20 9
7-30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 a| 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:10 Pl Glen Ellen ( 6:00 pl tt^-'Op
7-30 al 8:0O a 10:40 a 10:25 a
8 -SO- 3:30 p Bebastopol 7:30p 6:20 9
6:10 p| 6:10 p \
STAGES connect at Green Brae, for Saa
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geysenrilla for Skaggs'
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boon*
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, KeUeyvllle. Carls,
bad Springs. Soda Bar. Lakeoort. Bartiett
Springs and Lake County Hot SDrings; at
Uklah for Vichy Spring* Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's,
Uerly's. Hullvine. Orr"s Hot Springs, Half-
way House. Ccmptche. Hopkins. Mendoeim*-
Clty. Forf-ragg. Westport and Usal; at Wll-
llts for Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for
Fr 1 Eragg. Cahto. Covelo. LaytonvtUe. Cum-
mlr.gs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruit-
la: 1. Dyer. Garbervtlle. Camp 5. Pepperwood,
Scotia .nd .ureka.
\u25a0 L'-turday and Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On • nday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market st.. Chronicle build-
ing
JAS. \GT.ER. R. X. RYAN.
~w.Q«n. Manager Gen. Pass. Agt.
Weekly Gal^
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAILCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall-street Stocks about the same. Cotton higher.
Honey 3^@4/^-
Stocks and Bonds still quiet in this market.
Silver slightly higher. Domestic Exchange low-er.
Wheat steady. Cash Barley firm and Futures unsettled.
Oats. Corn and Rye as before quoted. Beans irregular.
B'.iJter slightly <x*eakcry Cheese steady. Eggs scarce and higher.
Some kinds of Almonds and Raisins lomcr.
Dried Fruits unchanged.
V/00l quieter. Hops steady. Hides very firm. Tallow lower.
Provision and Meat markets as preznously quoted.
River Potatoes still weak and plentiful. Salinas Burbanks steady.
Onions firmly lurid. Vegetables in moderate supply.
Poultry market heavily supplied and weak.
Gaane Wardens seize large lines of Wild Ducks.
Ffruit tnarket sufficiently supplied and without feature.
The Weather and Crop*.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdi*. aecttoa
*irector or ih« climate and crop service oi
*b* 'Weather Sureau. is as follows:
GEXtiUL fifiiaiAßV.
Lrry and generally clear weather prevailed
cuniic the past week, except light shower*
fcioiiif the southern c-.d*t o:i Satuiday and Sun
«-i*y nighti. l^irht '.r.b:* occurred tjulte *n-
m P ti^y Is the northern portion oi the biate o>.
Hf' i!su J and lata. but cauaed no damage,
ir-roujrhcut the interior of th# State the c^a
oiticns-- were rrrellrat lor irait crying «iud
raisin malting; and rapid progress was mad*.
»viuj both. Ths raiain harvest is now neari)
o\er »n nil districts; the yieic was good ana
Vhe Quality escelleni. citrus lru.U are aiaK-
Uag good fc-rowth la all eectiuns. Oranges art
•-•veloping rapidly and pn,mis« a large crt.p
of superior quality, in portions c£ in* Saa
Xalley thty have begun to co.or.
Laige str.Disent* of Tokay graphs conilna*
-rom the American Hlver clstiiot. Wineries
•J* C^neraJlj- runclng to tceir full capacity.
fi"ti« apple crop will be large ar.d or gooa
SiU*lity. Walcuts are maturing elowly in tn« .
part ct the £>ULte. but the harvest ha*
lomaieoced la Saun Luis ObUpo County. Ihe
crop will be cco4. The bes-a crop is near.y
aii harv*sted. and is large and of good quality.
In the Sa.n Diego district the yield of guavas
Is excellent aa-i is auyeriur to that >ji la«i
ye*r both In quantity and quality. The h->r.e>
yield is. cood.
blowing and seeding are progreising in the
northta-n part of the State. Dry ieeJ is pleatuui
in the Sun Joaqain Valley, but ffettnig i>-oi
in districts. Slock is beaiUiy ana
eraAly in E--.i cocditioa. 1i0.3 is badly ne:-Ueu
in. all districts.
SACRAMENTO VALLET. — Clear weaihtr,
•with pleasant Jays and rool niKht=. pr«-vail;d
<Surtng tte pact week. Thes: conditions '.vert \u25a0
yv-cil.H for beans ar.d fruit drylnJC Lignl
occurred on the JSth. but caused no ,
cvamage. Large shiprner.ts of. Tokay grap?» j
!< oaUnue from the Amorlcaa River district. I
l'rune drying is about complettd; the crop
\u25a0»»6 light. Gratx-s oonucue to go to the
wineries. Citrus irults are making exce ic.x.
progress and ijrom.se tojd cio;». Dry pl-w-
Sng and seeding are yr .grecs.ng. Caxtle a.ad
sheep are la quod ccnaitioii and healths-, but
tmed 1« getting tcaroe. Rain is badly needed.
.* gooa apple crop will be harvested.
•COAST AND I3AV SECTIONS. — General y
dear weather, with pieasant days and toal
nights, prevailed during the past week. Htavj
frosts have occurred In the mountain te:-tior.»,
but- caused no damage. Farm work is gen
««ra!ly backward, owing to the absence of rain.
I'lowing is prtgrt-ssing in the ' northern c.un
tle«:- 'lhe apple crop ;s large and or excel eat
tjuality. The bean crop is nearly all in sack-,;
the crop is large aj.d of good quality. A kooj
crofc of walnuts is being narvisted. The grape
hur^•e^t is completed and mwl var>t es were
a good yield. , Pruning is progressing. Dry
feed ia scarce and cattle are only doing faitlj
mmav
bAX JOAQWS VALLEY.— CIear weathei.
wiih warm days and coul nights, prevai.ea
. . :, the past week. Light irotts occurrea j
K»nerally on the nights of th; ISth and 19tn, j
but no ' damage resulted. Raisins are being
hauled to the packing housts. which are run
xiins to their full capacity. Large th proem*
of raltlns were made to Eartein markets dur
ing the week. Wine rraperf continue to bt
imked anJ B&ij>ped to the wineries. Olive*
are progressing and firom'.sj a good crop.
Alfalfa threshing is about completed. Oranges,
nre coloring slightly and promise a large crop
liry plowing and seeding are progressing. Diy
teed is p.entlful and stock are healthy and in
cood conditton. ' ; - ' \u25a0
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA. — Generally fan i
\u25a0wather I revaiied durlni? the past nek, wiin
light cttovers along the <-»a6t Saturday night
*.-. . in the extreme south Sunday night. Fruit
<-.r>ing and raisin making are r.eirly completea
Is'ine-tenthsi of the raisin crop Ik packed a.d
r.any carloads have already - been eldppsd.
.:•'.-!, are yielding splendidly, th- quality ana
A :antity exceeding that of last year. Walnut*
7te ripening very slowly. Late potatoes are
making goud progress. A large crop of beans
is J-elng harvei-ted. Citrus Iruits are in -x
i^llent '-ondition ar.d promise large crops. Th«
water eupply i.« incrsai-ing with the coolei
WC EI'HEKA SUMMARY.— The* weather was
dry and clear, with frorty mornings. Plowing
continue^ ar.d some seeding is in progress,
but the ground is getting dry and rain i»
much needed. Large shipments of appKs and
Pt LOS° lANI ANG ELKS' SUMMARY.— The weatnet
during the week was co-il, with light rain at
the clcse but no damage reported. Bean
threfhing is nearly erd d; tome limas yet in
the field- the crop is good. Walnut harvest is
in progress. Orange; are rcport?d in s;m«
•ections fine, but a itght crop.
EASTEKN MARKETS.
Xe*r York. Money Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— Money on call easier
at 3V>@4% P* r ceni - closing bid<3%. offered
3 a; per <-cnt- Time loans tasy: Eixty and
ninety dayn. 4%G5 r^r cent; six rr.cnths, 4%®
4%. per cent.
.Prime mercantile paper ri'&fi per cent.
t-'i«riing exchange, firm, with actual buFiness
In bankers' bills at $4.!>6&<.:34« > *n for <leroand
F.nd at $4.831554.&32tt for *ixty<iays: bills;
routed rate*. ?4.«{%54M and $4.fc.@4.5<%:
ccminercial bills. $4.52T5&4.&3.
Bar fllver. «2^ic. _^
Oovernment & bor Js* 'steady; railroad bonds
*r£T
New York Stoclc Market.
NEW YORK. Ocu 24.— Prtbubly the chiei
impotance to be attached to to-<iays stocx
Zbl IS the light it throws upon O« 1-re
cei\v.g markets. The day's reaction with t-n
« e !tck of any change in news made pretty
, Delusive evidence of the wholly, profession*;
character of the upward movement. The de
rrttna for stock* in the loan department o:
the Slock Exchar.ce m not more than ncm
1-al today indicating the large reduction la
ihe butrtardlng short Sntemt. The concision
« "L accepted as reassnable. therefore, that
y.siercav's miilion-Bhare market was due to
\i,f cciabir.ed efforts of the retreat o: a csn
f dcrable rhort interest driven to cover by
«it wtk's advance in prices anl to tfc«
tak'ns of promts by the rarty of prjfessional
e'i"uTatorK which iiad conducted the opera
tions for the advance. A small increment
'mi the outside demand attracted by the
in prices facilitated Hie movement ts ;
take proflts. The Joint effect was an cx
t«vslve closing ui> of ouutanilnc spr-culatr. «
.-oVitracu »o tts.t the market of to-clay was
left clear for nrw ventures. The fact that
ytstcrday's early advances liad carried th»
average "level of prices to the highest of the
year an<l. In fact, to tb» highest record prile^
a- a whole, was a sub'ect of cemmen: ara
dountieFs sn occasion for pause. The low
rra<Je oi pome of the securities which w<r«
b^ing rushed forward into rrominence wai
Blso a t-übject for grave tripstionins-. It is |
fs? cxp*Tienc« of speculative n'jtrkets thai
ihr etirrlr.g up of fuch securltit-s a* a cla**
ir. resorted to only b-?caufe the possibilities for
ndv.irfe 4n stocka of more substantial vaiu«
v«\> bten e^hau^»t( > d. Selling for London 80
r-iac'l was <;ui:e a factor In the -day's wm
n»fi» an<l the apt>roßCh of a Stock Exchange
s'ttif-mVnt there »ras held to explain the bsll
,_„ Tbfre were many changes in the money
ri"rk»t but considerable importance was at
laTh^j'to the public etatern*nt oi th^ presi
dent of the Imperial Bank of Germany ex
t.rereing satisfaction w^th the Interjiatloral
meatY situation. New York exchange at Chl
rairn fell back to par. the sub-treaenry con
tinues to yl"ld cash to the bmks and t.h%
roo.n«y market was called easy. The special
nofntz of rtrt-rigth in to-day's stock market
;.,,;. without explsxatJon and were believed
to be attributable to operator*' tactics for tht
ru-oo^e of Busrtalnliig the market against tht
rts'lzing in progrccn. The bard and soft coa-
m we're the conspicuous examples of such
rtocks Their eurta!nine Influence was- pf
f»Mve In limiting the declines and re'toMia
*afr.f part of the losses. The market closei
hP n^nd- were firm. Total sales, par value.
S3 JiT-Ii o*lo.
ITnlted f?tate« bonds were all unchanged oa
**"\u25a0 X«ir York S«octe List.
a H. Hutton & Co.. 409 California rtreet.
San Francisco, members of the New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that Exchango:
baleu.j STOCKS. |Hlgh;Lo«.'.| Bid. l Ask.
jAdams Express I i 230 |2u5
Allls Chalmers ..| 21%! 20V«| 20%| 20^,
i Dj vid | 64*»! ti-%1 «-f'.iil <-3^
19,»W ( Ajiialg. Copper ..| too i-a } " b-* :* I W'bl *>» .
jAmer Beet augarj | i 23% i^%
| Do pfd I ; I & 0 **>
152|Amer Can C0...| 11%; 11 ll>& 11
i Do pfd i ! 71%) 72
7.2OO;Amer C & F Co; 42%j 41% 41% 42
I.OUOJ Do pfd 1102%|102i4 102 IC3
7yo:An.er Cot Oil ..! 33 32 82% 33
Do pfd I »4 US
;Arccd l>ist Tel ..I I 3»% 41
.' |Amer Xx J !220 230
4.500|An. Giass T Co.[ 10 9% 9% O^j.
1.800, Am Hide & L.J 0% 6?« B% «T«
&00] l>o pfd | 34^« S4i 4 33 o3' 4
JAnier Linseed j 18 16%
.......I Do pfd I | 41 1 42»i
19,300 Amer Loco 68»i| C7%| 68^1 08%
600 Do pfd illtf** llSVtjlltf 116%
i Amer ilalt ]...:. . ....j 5% 6
Do pfd j I 25 . 2tJ
85.700, Am 6mt & R Coil3lV4 129-»i130% 130%
2,000] Do pfd 1122'»5121%|122Vii122%
H.lKiUAmer Sugar 143^1141%|143 jl43Vi
Do pfd : 1139 |141
2.6«.>jAm Steel Founds 13% 13% 11» 4 12
1»,400 Do Pfd ....V.. 47 45?il 47 49
Amer T & T Co 136 |13fe%
200 Amer Tob pfd.. 102^;102 102V4|102}»
10.4C0 Amer Woolen .. 42%[ 40? i 42^i| 42%
I,ooo] Do pfd 104?g|l04iiil(H%|104« 4
1.50 C'! Anaconda 1195*119 119 119?fe
lAnn Arbor |32 37
Do pfd I I 75 80
! (Atlantic Coast L] |161 163
! s.4(^>iA T& S F... .1 89?» 8S&I bS^
; 700; Do pfd 105 lo4«iiim% 105
3,(«X>iß & 0 113% 113 |113 113%
I 200! Do pfd i>7% 97%! P7 98
... (Bay State Gas..i 3-16 1-4
54,30-)B R T 7SVii 763 i 78 78U
;Brook L'n Gas.. | 183 190
...; Brunswick D & I; 15% 16
jßuttertck Co 1 65 62
ICan Southern «8 60
ll,2W>'Can Pacific 172>i 171% 172*4 172%
IUK.O.C & 0 58% &7% 57 H 67%
SOOC & A 35% 35 34% 35
| Do ifd j75 78
C & E I pfd 130 139
...... .;C I & L pfd 80 100
..l,300:C & G W 21»4 21' i 21% 22
I Do pfd "A" j ! "5% 76
100! 'Do pfd "B".. 35»ii 35} i( 35%! 3tf
Do debs ;... ) 87%j 88
1.200 C & N W 1221 219%.219%i220
18,300, C M & St P.. 182»i 181%i151% 181%
100; Do pfd 189 !IS9 !lfiS%[lK9%
38.800 cR I & P (new)l 32% 30» t 31% 31J.i
2,500' Do pfd 78 -74'J 74 %| 74»i
I Do 4s I" 83 S-JVi
Chicago Ter : . 18 19
500| Do pfd 40 4f» 4O 41
700 Chicago Un Trac 32 11>4 11U 11%
1 Do pfd .;.".".. ]42 43
, C C C & ft L | W% 99»;
Do Dfd 1117 121
Cleve Lor & W 82 »0
Do Dfd 103
.3,300 Colo Fuel & Iron 46% 46 46% 4«» i
.'. Do Dfd 88 SO
200Colum H C & I. 16% 15% 164 17
1,400 Colorado So 28 27% '27% 28
Do Ist pfd 62 63
Do 2d pfd ..'.. 44 44 43% 44
GOOConaol Gas 183% 185 185 186
jCorn Products .. 15% 15% 15% 16%
700 Do pfd 57 5« 56 56%
6,500 Del & Hudson .. 232% 232 231 231%
PL & W 474 485
|D & R G ...... 33 34%
..; Do pfd 87% 88%
!Dea M & Ft D 15 21
IDetrolt Un Ry 92Y t 92%
Detroit So 12 12%
Do pfd 42 43
tDismond Match 141% 142
4,7GO'DlJ*il Secur 4i5 44% 44% 45
Do bonds 80 80%
300 Duruth S S & A. 16 15% 15% 16
| Do pfd 34 I,*1 ,* 35
7,7OOJErle 1 4fl>4 45% 48% 49
B<«J Do Ist pfd 81%' 81% 81 U 81%
1.300 Do 2d pfd 72% 72% 72% 72%
E & T H 72 77
Do pfd 85 fi.'i
Federal Steel 120 123
; D.i pd 95% 97 97 18
Ft W & D C ..' 72% 75%
Gen Chemical 71 73
Do Bfd 106 107
2.R00 Gen Electric .... l!K)»i 188% 18S% 189%
200 Groat No pfd ... 316 316 315 316
2.ooo,Grcene Cons Cop 27% 27 .27 27%
Havana Tob Co 28 80
I Do pfd 1.. 37 41
200'Hocklng Valley .S2 . 92 92 92%
000 Do pfd 94 93% 93% 94
I. COO Illinois Central .. 180% 180& 180% ISO%
jfnterboro 212 213%
llnter Marine 14% 14%
Do pfd 37% 37%
lO.lOoilnter Paper .... 24% 23% 23% 23%
3.0001 Do pfd 82% 82% 82 82%
llnter Power 82«4 62%
'inter Pump : 28% 30
Do pfd : 62 C 6
lowa Central 28% 29%
Do pfd .1 6« 50
JKanawha & Mch |..... 35 38
I|KC FtS &. M pfd 85% 8«U
2.ooo;Kans City So . 27% 26% 26% 2«%
2.SOCH Do Pfd 08 55V4 56% 66%
Keokuk & D M. 14 17
iLaclede Gas pfd 99 110
iLake Erie & W.|....; 34 3«
Do pfd 96 ' 8S
Lehirfh Valley 79 79',i
Long Island 69 70
3,9oo'Louls & Nash... 103% 153 1162% 153
JM«ekay •' 40 46%
I Do pfd 73% 74
100 Manhattan HW 166 166 IC7
2,200 Met Securities... 81% 80% 80% 80*s;
3.ooolMet St Ry 120% 125% 125% 125%
2.4oo'Mexlcan Central. 25 24%) 24% 24%
|Mlnn &St L. 80 82
Do Ist pfd \u25a0.;... 100 105
]<XrM, St P&S S M 137 137 1137 138
Do pfd Ifi2% Ifi3
2.500 Mo. Kan & Tex. 33% 32% 3314 :«%
1 Do pfd CS% C 9
I.7Co!Mlssourl Paclflc. 105. 104% 104% 104%
200!Na?h, C&St L. 14S 148 14<3 150
5,600 National Lead... 4S-4 47% 47 47%
Do pfd 103% 100'
Ntl R R Mcx pfd I 36% 30%/
400 National Blecult. 66 65%) 55%| 50%
I Do pfd 113% 114
3,200 f New Jersey Cen. 231%;22f» 230% 231
2.400'N V Airbrake... 1«11U ir,9 160 102 .
K.lOOlNew York Cen. . 1.v;% ir.2Ui(ls:{ 153%
800 N V, C & St L. C 5 H 54%| 54% Si%
..'..;.. Do Ist pfd J ..'...1115 120
Do 2d pfd. S3 87
New York Dock. ..... \u0084... 25 ~2<l~A
N Y. N H & H. ...... .-. . . 204 ?' 205
19.900 NY. Ont &W. f.5% ,r>4Vi| 55 65W
20,800 Norfolk & West. BS% .87% 87% 87%'
T» pfd - 192 s92Vi
300'North American. 95% 97%) ft 7% tBS
i Northern Bees IR3 . IRO
i 1,100 Northern Paclflc. 204% 204%!2n4 204%
1 ....... (Omaha ~ |lf)rt 192 .
) Do pfd...^.... |190 200
;.!O S L 4s ..| 98% 97
I. Paclflc Coast... 104 10«
Do Ist pfd 102 107
Do 2d pfd 104% 108
3.3ooPaclflc Mall 48% 47% 48% 48%
M.flOOlPenn RR C 0... 145%!144% 144% 146
l.OOOiPeople's Gas 1C5% 105 104% ia r »
... P, C. C & St I*. .....1 80 j 82
Do pfd .'..;.] 106 110
6..-tti Pressed Steel Oar 03%| 62 53 53Vi
1400 Do pfd 101%!100Si 101 101 %
JOO'Pallman Car Co. 232U J232 V1 1240 252
2,SOO[Ry Steel Springs 47% i 4G%| 46% 40%
Do pfd • .....1103% 104
104,000' Reading 125.i 123% 124% 1124%
500 Do Ist pfd 83»/» 93 93 83%
WX) Do M pfd. m 08 97% 98
C5OO Republic S & 1.. 28% 26H 26% 20%
3,100 Do pfd 87% »C% 96 . 9«%
300 Rubber Goods... 37% 37% 37% 38%
........| Do pfd.. ......1 "..-. 1104 '.• 100 ••
3,100!SIoss 8S & I Co. I 72% 72 172 72%
.......t Do pfd.. '- ..... .'....110. 111.
300 St J & G 1...;.. 1 21% 21% 21,- 22
100 Do Ist pfd...'. 62 «2 61 63
6CO] Do 2d pfd ... 32^ 31% 31% *.'2
..... .. StL &SF Ist pfd . . ... ...... 78% SI :
' 1.800 Do 2d pfd ... «S% 68 - «S is%
IOO'St L&S W.... 24- 24 ' -.24= 2i%\
100! Do pfd - 60^4 60% 60% 61^1
THE -SAN FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 25, 1905.
55.600; Southern Pac .. 72^ 71% 71^1 71%
100] Do pfd 120V4 120H l'-0 [121 :
f8.300| Southern Ry ... 37% 3(5% 3"V6| 374
700|Do pfd ....;. 99% Pf>- 09^4
...... Standard Oil Co7> 671 > :
3.soo|Standard R& T. 1% 1 \u25a0 1H 1%
2,503 Tern Coal & I. 60% 88J£ 183% Si
Texas P L T Co . ..... 46U 48
1.200 Texas Pacific .. 35% 35}4 35* 35*4
Third Avenue .. ..... ..... 125 12C
Toledo R & T Oo 33' i 34 ,
3.200:T01ed0 St L & W 39% 38 BS% 3914
3,£odj - Do pfd ...:.. 09Vii 67% 50V« 69Mi
200 Twin City R T. 117% 117% 117% 117%
l.OCOifnion Bag & P 15 H% 14% J5
500 Do pfd ...... 82% S2 82 82%
Bl.COo'union Paclflc .. 134% 133% 133% 134 I
1 Do- pfd 03% 96
j Do cony 4a ............ 134% i34»i
United Copper ..........;. 34, 3tV*
100 United R of S F 77% 77 77 77»a
500 Do pfd 91% 91% 91% 01 ' i
....... Do 4s ... 81% Sl%
1,400 U S Caat Iron P 39% 39 38% 39/*
Do pfd SO 07
U S Kxpress .. . ...122 120
U S Leather 15 15%
Dj pfd ...... ..... ..... HI 115
U S Realty &C .......... 88 S3
200 USR & R Co. 31! i 30l' 2 30 31%
200 Do pfd .. 70% .70 (.9% 70
6COU S Rubber ... 53% 5J% 53% Vi%
400 Do pfd 110% 110% 110% 111
IR.6COU S Steel Cor .. 38% 35% 35% 38%
7,300 i Do pfd 1C5% IC6 103 105%
1.300 Va-Car Chem Co 34 33% 83% 34
......J Do pfd --107 107%
I.2Co'U'abash ... ... 21% 21% 21% 21 Va
LIU)! Do pfd -. 42% 42 42 42%
Do deb Bs ............ 76 7*H*
Wells Fargo Ex ..... 230 245
100 Western Union.. »3 93 , 02% 93 r
100 Westlcghouse ..175. 175 1(4 I<*
....... TM.lst pfd ... ..*..\u25a0 ••••• 180 197|
W&L E •\u25a0 II 18 .
Do Ist Pfd ... SB| 40
Do 2d pfd 21J3 -3$
Wisconsin Cen \u0084-•• <>1 JJ7I
Do pfd - ••• <2^ 83H
...... .jGreene Gold 5 s'+5 '+
839,300— T0tal s=hares sold. " v.
New York Bond*.
US ref 2s reg. .1O:!'A; Japan 6s. 2d «er. 98
Do coupon 103* Do 4%5. cert... 9«?*
Do 3s reg 103% j Do 2d series... 91
Do coupon 104U L& N unified fs.lo4;*,
Do old 4s reg. 104% Man con gold 45.103%
Do coupon 104%|Mex Central 45... SIV»
Do new 4b reg.133% Do let 1nc.... 2»
Do coupon I"*% Minn * St L 4«. 9i- •
Amer Tob 4«.... So^ M. X & Texas 45.101%
Do Cs H3vfe Do 2ds ........ 88%
Atch gen 45..... 102% NR of Mcx con 4s 8.» \u25a0
Do adj 4s HO XT C gen 3%5.. 99%
Atlantic C L 45.101% N J Csenss....U4^
Bait & Ohio 4s. 123% Nor Pac 4s lO4**
Do 3%s 059 i Do 3s ..... . . . >&U
BrooklynßT c 4=. 08 M>r & W con 45.101%
Central of Ga 55.11 C% O*S li refds 45.. . »i ;
Do Ist lnc 91% Pa cony 3%5. v. .105%
Do 2d inc.... «3 Reading gen 45.. .102%
Do 3d lnc 7S BL4IMcon 55.11,> % [
Ches & Ohio 4%5.103 St L&S F fg 4«. S»>*
Cht & Alton 3%5. Sl% St L S W con 4«. 83%
C B& Q new 45.102 Seaboard AL» 4s. ?9%.
C* R I & Pac 4s. 82% So Pacific 45....- ».\u25a0%
Dr. col 5s 1« Do Ist 4s, cert. 07 •
C.C C & SL«n 4s.lia% So Railway 55. ..120%
Colo Ind ss. Er A 73%jTex & Pac lsts. .123
Do 5s eer 8.. 72%'T01, St L & W 4s. Si%
Colo Midland 4s. 75 I Union Paclflc 45.10.V»i
Colo & So 45... 94% l Do cony 4s 135%
Cuba 5s 105% U S Steel 2* ss. 79
Den & Rio G 45.101% Wabash lsts .....11S%
Dlst Securities 5s SO% Do deb B 76 .
Brl© prior Hen 4s. 101% Western Md 45.. Bi%
Do gen 4s .... 91 W& L. Brie 45.. 92
Hock Val 4%5..-.lll%jWls Central 45.. 06
Japan 6e 93 I
New York .Mluing Stocks.
Adams Con .... 25| Uttle Chief ..... 05
Alice S7 Ontario 1 I<>
Breece 45|Ophlr ..... ... 5 ,69
Bruns Con ' 47| Phoenix 01
Com Tunnel .... OS) Potosi 13'
Con Va Mm Co. 1 73 Savage 49
Horn Silver 1 7U Sierra Nevada 33
Iron Silver 300 Small Hopes .... «<0
Leadville Con ... 05; Standard .........175
Bonton Stocks and Bonfi*.
Money— \ Do pfd . . . .105
Call loans &/go%: Weettng Common. S5
Time loans 0@3% Mining—
Bonds — Adventure ....... 9
Atchlson 4s 102% Allouez 45
Do adj 4s US Amal Copper i>*> vi
Mcx Central 4s. 80 Amer Zinc ...... »
Railroads— ' Atlantic 2t;%
Atchleon SSTft Blngham 32
Do pfd ,105 Calumet &,HeCla.,6S4
Boston &. Albany.2o7 Centennial ....... 33%
Boston & Malne.l77 Copper Range ... 74%
Boston Elev 153 Daly West ...... 1«%
Fltchburg pfd... 142. . Dom Coal ......... 77 %
M«x Central .... 24% Granby 8&
N V, N H & H. 204% Isle Royale ..... 25
Pere Marquette. .101 bMaes Mining ... 10%
Union Pacific ...133% Michigan 14%
" Miscellaneous — Mohawk ..... 59%
Amer Arge Chem 25% Mont Coal & Coke 3%
Do pfd 93 North Butte 5«%
Amer Pneu Tube. «H Old Dominion ... 31
Amer Sugar 143 Osceola ..113
Do pfd 13'J% Parrot 27%
Amer Tel & Te1.138 Quincy 107
Amer Woolen ... 42 Shannon S&
Do pfd 1044 Tamarack 120
Bd Elect 11ium. 249% Trinity 9%
Gen Electric 1&9 United Copper ... 34
Mass Electric ... — US Mining. 35%
Do pfd 50 U S Oil 10%
Mass Gas 50% Utah - 47
United Fruit ...10«% Victoria 6%
Un Shoe Mach... 74 Winona 10%
Do pfd 31% I Wolverine \. 127
U S Steel 38%
THE COPPER STOCKS.
BOSTON, Oct. 24. — The market has lost con
siderable of Its snap and has dull periods now,
when it Is bard to «ell stocks, but the metal
situation is stronger than ever and each fresh
burst of buyh.g orders moves the entire,mar
ket to a higher level. Centennial was the
favorite to-day on strong buying \u25a0by one house
en the rumor that .a pool had been formed
to put thfe stock to 40. The rest of the list
Bagged a little, but for the most part closed
with prices unchanged.
London Closlns: Stocks.
Cons for money.. BS%|N V Central 157
Do for acct.... B>>»i|N6r & Western.. 80^
Anaconda C'/«, Do pfd ........ 95 -. \u25a0
Atchlson 91% Ont & Western.. 55%
Do pfd 107*1 Pennsylvania .... 749s
Bait & Ohio IOOVi Rand Mines ..... Bft
Can Paclflc 176% Reading .......:. C 3%
Ches & Ohio . 58^ . Do let- pfd 48
Chi Great West. 22»/4| Do 2d pfd...T. 50
Chi, Mil & St P.ISOTtISo Hallway 38ft
De Beers 17% Do pfd -....'....10214
Den & Rio G... 34% So Pacific ....... 73%,
Do pfd ... 'M\t Unlcn Paclflc ...137>?i'!
Erie ;... OOV4 Do pW 90
Do Ist pfd..... 83% US Steel.... 39%
Do 2d pfd 74% Do pfd ........103
111 Central 185 Wabash ........ .22
Louis -,& Nash... 157 U Do pfd 43
M. X & Texas... 33% Spanish 4s ...... 93
Bar silver — Steady; 2S%ci per ounce.
Money— 3%@4 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
ehort bills is 4 per cent and for three months'
bills 4 per cent. \u25a0 .--;\u25a0.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON*. Oct. 24.— To-day's statement i
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $1.10,000,000 gold reserve,
shows: Available catth balance, $131,134,154;
gold coin and bullion, $70,772,746; gold cer
tificates. $42,199, 6C0.
Nevr York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, . Oct. 24.— The market was
active and exdlted to-day, i and in the early,
trading prices advanced from, 2B to 31 points
under the Influence of the sensational advance
In the Liverpool market, bused :on the ' un
favorable weather advices, the . report •of dam-.'
age to the crop and the general modification
of crop estimates. Following the early - ad
vance there was liberal profit 'taking and the
leading operator was credited with heavy sales,
which are believed to b« for the short "ac
count. In consequence the market' reacted to
some extent. . ,
The weekly government report : at noon was
considered bullish, and the spot markets of
the South wire very strong. Higher; prices
are asked 'for all kinds of dry goods, both
here and abroad, and as long as this. continues
, operators do not , *xpect any material decline
In cotton. * \u25a0\u25a0•'.\u25a0\u25a0:.:'::
Washington Government Cotton Report: In
the cotton belt the fore part of ' the week end
ing October \u25a02a the weather \u25a0 was unseasonably
warm and tha latter part decidedly cool, and
frosts more or less damaged the crop in every
State. Rains were detrimental over 'an area'
extending from South Central ; Texas to West
ern Tennessee, -while no appreciable amount
of rMn wa« felt in Western \u25a0 Texas and over
a large part o' the Kast Gulf and South At
lantic districts In the Southern : portion:, belt..
Picking has; progressed: uninterruptedly. « It'.ls
finished In Southern Georgia, and nearly [ so iin
Louisiana \u25a0 and Alabama; , except In the north
ern portion of • the ' last \u25a0 named ; State. .. It ; is
also nearly completed In ; Southern.. Texas,. and
with the exception of the Sea Island ; crop. In
South Carolina. In Tennessee,:, Arkansas \u25a0; and
Oklahoma and ' Indian ,\u25a0 Territory," : picking - is
from one-half to two- thirds, completed. t Heavy
ralrs interrupted picking and I causad consid
erable damage to " open cotton in; Central :. and .
Northeastern Texas,- portions. of Oklahoma : and
Indian Territory, Arkansas, : Westexn ;Tennes
see and thft extreme northern | portion jof | Mis
sissippi. ' 801 l .weevils continue •. numerous 4in
Texas.-'.. \u25a0\u25a0_ ' \u25a0 '- •'\u25a0 \u25a0,•\u25a0'.\u25a0.>"\u25a0—'-\u25a0'\u25a0-:'"\u25a0.\u25a0
- Dallas, Tex., wires : The \u25a0 National Glnners'
aro out to their, members \u25a0•\u25a0 showing > 4,453,000
bales ginned, and ". figure : that . is 45 -, per : cent
of the cros. . , \u25a0 \u25a0:\u25a0 .• \u25a0 .".:-...'
-Price says:- ''Applying the average! decrease'
and increase by,. States ; x 6 the ' figures \u25a0of .* last
year's report ,'\u25a0 the total '" quantity; .Indicated : : to
have been ' ginned up :to October 18 ' this yeai
is „ 4,495,000 -, bales, fas "\u25a0 against ti. 420,01*4 :, last
year.. . -\u25a0 ... ' -,\u25a0•:, . ... -\u25a0' \u25a0—.-\u25a0,\u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0-: '...'.\u25a0•'. "\u25a0> \u25a0: -.:.-"\u25a0
Cotton futures opened very strong. \u25a0 October,
10.20 c; November, 10.35 c; . Decmber, '. 10.50 c;
Januarj', • 10.70 c: . . February,^ 10.78 c;-' March.
10.80c; April 10.91 c;. May, 10.96 c;. July old,
10.05 c. • . ' v,.;-"-; : ; . V . . \u25a0. ' - . "•;*;' '' \u25a0
Cotton futures closed •. barely • steady. . Octo
ber, \u25a0•:\u25a0. 10.22 c; November, -10.27 c; December,
10.41 c; January, 10.52c;' .February,- 10.59 c;
March, 10.65 c; April, 10.73 c; May, 10.80 c. .:.
I Cotton epot I closed : quiet, 'ls i points . higher. \u25a0
Middling uplands, lO.tiScr middling' Gulf,"
10.90 c- . • ' :\u25a0\u25a0 :r -_ ',^'-7
A'err York Grain" and . Produced /
NEW YORIC, Oct. : 24.— FIOUR^-Receipts,
31.700 barrels; exports, 0000. .Market . firm,
but quiet.-'; : •'- , hi,.; \u25a0 \? \u25a0 .-*
WHEAT— Receipts, 66,000; exports, 49,600
bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 ; red;o2%c elevatoc
and '93% c f. o. b. afloat; No. -1 Northern
Duluth, 96% c f . o. b. afloat : : No ..: 1 • Northern
Manitoba, «5%c f. o.'b. afloat." * Under
control from start to finish wheat was active
during the day and much higher, closing %®
%c . above the : previous . night. ;•_ Its principal
influences were higher cables and 'the. Russian
strike. December, 92% @93 6- 16 c, closed 93% c;
May. 91 9-16@92y 4 c, -closed ,92c. «.
HOPS — Easy; State common:, to choice. 1905.
15S22C' 1904, 16@20c; olds, 8@llc; Paclflc
Coast, 1905, 13@17c; 1904, \u25a0 12® 16c; olds,, B@llc.
HIDES — Strong.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
COFFEE— There \u25a0 is quite a difference of
opinion in reference to the .. existing long in
terest in the December option.
Some well-informed people now believe it is
nearer 1,000,000 bags than to 2.500.000..
This continues to be the dominating Influ
ence, however," and nothing Is expected to de
velop in the way of an upward movement until
this factor Is ' eliminated. ~ • . %
Futures 'closed steady at; a net decline of
5 points to an advance of . 5 points. Sales,
60,000 bags, including: 1 November. 6.70 c: De
cember 6.7CH3C.80C; January. 6.55 c; March.
7.06 c. . • . . . -
Sfwt Rio, steady: mild, dull; Oordova, 10'
013 c. \u25a0
SUGAR— Raw, quiet; fair refining. 2 15-lCc;
cctrifugal,' »C test. 3 9-16 c ;" molasses sugar.
2 11-16 c: refined, quiet. ---
BUTTER-»Flrm,. unchanced. . , , . \u25a0
(IHEESE— Firm:, State full cream, large and
small, colored arid white- fancy.' l2%c; do fair
to choice, 12@12%c.\v \u25a0 :• \u25a0 ' *, , : .'•
EGGS— Firm; unch^ged. , .".\u25a0 .. *
DRIED FRUITS.^
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market for
evaporated apples V. is . firm. " New supplies
coming to hand are being exported and there
Is no pressure to sell. Common t« good. o@
6%c: nearby prime. •7%@" i sic; prime. b®BUp.
PRUNES— Are rather firmer, owing to an
improved demand following cooler weather.
Quotations range from 4%c ,to 7%c, according
Are in slightly improved de
mand also; choice. B%®9c; extra choice. o\i&
9%c. and fancy. 10@ll%c. •
PEACHES— Are nominal for spot Fruit for
future shipment is sparingly offered and
prices \u25a0 rule firm. ; :. ,_ :
RAISINS— Are unchanged. Loose Muscatels.
8%@7W0: seeded raisins, SV4(&S%c, and Lon
don layers at ?1 15<gl 20. '\u25a0
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— me London tin mar
ket lost part of the recent gain, closing at
£14S 15s for sput and £147 17s 6d for futures.
Locally the market was dull and unchanged,
with snot quoted at $32 50@32 75.
Copper was rather irregular abroad, closing
about 5s lower at £72 7s Cd for spot, while
futures were Ds higher at £71 2s Cd. locally
the situation Is reported unchanged. Lake.
51U37%@1«75; electrolytic; H*> 2o@lt» W%;
casting, $1U@1637%. ' . . _'
Lead was lower at £14 17s Cd in the London
market. Locally the market Is practically
nominal and it is said that orders for futures
are being accepted conditionally on. the market
price at time of shipment. The spot .market
is quoted at $5 15(05 40. '„.!'„.,, , \u0084
Spelter was unchanged at $6 lo@6 J5 in the
local market and £28 15s in London. .
Iron closed lower at the English market,
with standard foundry quoted at 51» lOd and
Cleveland warrants at 53s 6d. Locally the
situation is reported firm. No. 1_ foundry,
Northern. *18 25@18 50; No. 2^ do. 51. 7501&:
No. 1 foundry, Southern, $18 2a@lB 60; No. \Z
do, $17 7O@IS. \u25a0\u0084'.• S
• Visible Grain Supply.
i NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday. October 21. as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows :
Wheat 27.207.CU0 bushels, increase 3,903,000
bushels: corn 3,802.000 bushels, decrease 630, -.
000 bushels; 'oats,- 25.270.C00 bushels. Increase
250.000 bushels;. rye, 1.500.000 bushels. Increase
49.1/00 bushels; barley, 5.524.000 bushels, de
crease 38,000 bushels.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
1 CHICAGO Oct. 24.— The wheat market was
firm throughout the entire, session. At th«
opening the December option was a shade to
•%<&-Uc higher at 87QS7%c. '1 he principal
cauee of the initial firmness was an advance
In the price of wheaf at Liverpool,' said to
be due to smaller offerings of • wheat irornj
Russia and Danublan ports. Unsettled weather
m the United States was- another factor~tn
Htrumental in s-tlmulatinir purchases. ,Th»
Government bureau officially lorecasted flulte
general rains for to-moTrjw. Greatest sig
nificance, however, was attached to_ cablp nevy
suggesting increased .-'European demaiuLjffOi
loodituffs. The railroad . strike in Russia at
tracted much attention. •\u25a0 a blockade, it was
asserted, would seriously hamper shipment*
of grain from Russia. Shorts and- commlaiio.*
houses were active bidders dur.ng the lattet
part of Uhe day. For December the highest
point of the session was i reached at 87%(gi
87% c. An increase of 3,575,000 bushels In thj
visible • supply started • some short : selling by
pit traders late in the day. The close, how
ever, was firm, with December, at 87%@57%c,
a gain of %c. ' . ! '-"J".
Wet weather and light receipts Imparted
firmness to the corn market. -December closed
,flrm. %@%c higher at 45% c.
. Sentiment in -the oat market was bullish.
December closed t^QVic higher at 29%*.
Provisions wer*»-'Srnv"!n sympathy with tbv
strength of:Pr^in. • At the close January porn
was-un 7*,ic, lard was. a shade higher and rib*
"Were up sc. „\u25a0 . \u25a0 ...
The leading futures ranged 'as follows:
Articles — . Open. High. . Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 87% 87<& 87 87%
May ....I. 88 .\. 88% 87% 88%
Corn No.' 2—2 —
October ........ ' 5Hi , 61% 51 61%
Dec. (old).. 45-% ./ 46^4 45% 46ty
Dec. (new) 45% 45% 45 45%
May 44% 45V4 44% 45%
Oats No. 2—2 — -_ \u25a0 ,
October .... .......... 2!>->ft
December . . . ... 20% 29% - 20% 28%
May ..>.... 81T4 32 ' 31% 32
Mess Pork, per bbl —
October....'. • '. 16 10
January .......12 30 12 37% 12 30 12 37%
Lard, per 100 lbs— \u0084• r - \
October ...... ...... 7 07%,
November '6 97% 7 02% 6 07% 6 97%
January ....... 675 6 77% 0 75 6 77%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
October. ;...... • • • • 7 67 %
January ....... 6 45* 6 47%, 645 6 47%
May 6 07%' 0 07% 665 \- 6 67%
• Cash Grain and Provisions, fj; ./,'"'\u25a0
CHICAGO.' Oct. 24.— Cash quotations were ns
follows: Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wheat, 86®
87% c; No. 3, 77@S7c: No. 2 red. 87587% c: No. 2
corn. B2U@">2%c;: No. 2 yellow. 53%©5;i%c;
No. 2 oats-29%c; No. 2 white, 30@30%c; No. 3 j
white, 28%@30%c; No. 2 rye, C9%@7oc; good
feeding barley, 37% c; fair to choice malt-
Ing, 41@47c; No.'l flaxseea. 92c; No. lNorth
western 98c; } prime timothy seed, $3 20; mess
pork, per barrel, $16@16 10; . lard, per 100
pounds $7 02%; short ribs sides noose), $7 60®
7 65; ehort clear sides (boxed), $S@B 25; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1.30; clover/contract
grade, $13 25.
Articles — • ' . .' Kecelpts. Shipments.
Flour barrels... .33,000: 44,300
Wheat, bushels....... 199.200.. 13,300
Corn, bu5rfe15. ............ \u25a0'135.(100 ; 255.5C0
Oats bu5he15.............. 18,100 . 317,100
Rye," bu5he15.............. 29.000 1.000
Barley, bu5he15. ... : ....... 14,500 ' 14.000
Butter, Cheese 'and Erbs.
CHICAGO. Oct. 24.— 0n the >: Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm.
Creameries.^ 17%©22 c; dames. 17@20c. Eggß."
firm;' firsts. 21c: -prime firsts, 23c; extras, ,24c.
Cheese, firm, ll«i©l2V4c. '\u25a0;..\u25a0\u25a0 .
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Cblcaco.
CHICAGO, Oct. 24.— CATTLE — Receipts.
11,000. Slow. Beeves,. $3 60@6 25: cows and
heifers, $1 15@5 40; stackers ; and feeders.- $2 10
@4 30; Texans, $3 40<g4 50; Westerns,' $3 25®
4 80. '\u25a0. \u25a0.'•;\u25a0-'-' \u25a0 \u25a0-\u0084 ' •\u25a0: \u25a0--. *.-,y \u25a0-;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 p^,'j •'--.. <y,
HOGS-^-Receipts : i To-day, , 21,000; to-morrow,
32,000. Market good, strong; - others weak.
Mixed and butchers; $4 05(35 52^:! good heavy.
f ."1 25®5 52 '/4 ; ' rough heavy. :- $4 75@4 05;' light.
$5@5 40; pigs $4SB@5 35; Bulk of ; sales, $5 05
@545. ;-\u25a0 , -\u25a0\u25a0-'--.- .:\u25a0'\u25a0-•" --\u25a0\u25a0• --
•\u25a0- SHEEP— Receipts, 35,000. ... Strong. Sheep.
$4@5 40; . lambs ,, $5 80@7 75. ,
Kansas - City. ;.
KANSAS ClTl'.^Oct. 24!— CATTLE^-Re
ctipts, - 20.000. ..Steady : io weak." Native
steers, 's4^s 90;. native; cows 'and heifers, '$1 75
<J4 75 ; \u25a0 6tockei"s and • feeders', *$2 r,oiyl "25 ; ' bulls.
$2@3; calves, $2 sQ@«i 50;= Western steers, $4 75'
©4 50: Western cows; ?2@3 25., :;,.;
i HOGS— Receipts, 14,000. : Steady, to a shade
lower. U Bulk of , sales. $5 10@5 16; heavy,. ss 10
@5 20; packers,; ?s,lO@s 17% ;i pigs : and lights,
$4 75155 15. \u25a0 v. ? ;;,\u25a0\u25a0'- '»*. V \u25a0-• .- \u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0••.
^ SHEEP — : Receipts, 50CO. -Strong. Mutton*,
$4 2C©«; ,-.- lambs, .-\u25a0 $5 75@7 50; . range . • wethers, :
$4'50@0; fed 1 ewes, $3 75@4 75. -; .
.'Omaha.
\u25a0\u25a0 OMAHA. ' Nebr., ri Oct. • ;24.; 24.— CATTLE— Re
cetpts, C_ 10.000. . Steady. • Native \u25a0:•-• Bteers, -\' s4©
5 80; cows* and ! helfera,Vis2 75@4 40; '* Western
steers,"* $3®4 85 ; . Texas \u25a0 Bteera, « $2 75@4 ; ' cows
and : :< heifers, ;-. $203 50; - canners, .:• $160@2 35;
fstock'crs and. feeders, Js2 40®4 20: calves, : $2 50
@5 75;, bulls and stags.- $1 7r>@\{ 50. ,
j - HOGS— Receipts, : COCO.^ Slow,; to c sc lower."
Heavy. $5@5 15; mixed,; ss@s 10; light, $5^5 20;
pigs. $4 OC05; bulk of sales, $S@s 15. . \u0084\u25a0 -
'\u25a0•': SHEEP — Receipts,;- - 17,000.-Steady. 1 Weat-i
cms, 55 50(«-<J; wethers, $a 23©5 75; ewes,' $4 20
©5 10; lambs, $7©T 60. ; /
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
,<--\u25a0- ;" Forelsrn ' Futures. •
\u25a0 LIVERPOOL. -
Wheat — . • Dec. March.
Opening ' 6.11% 6 10 1 *
C105ing...................:... 6 11% " « 11V&
\u25a0=\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' •\u25a0\u25a0" PARIS.' "-:
'Wheat— Oct.' Jan. -Apr.
Opening ...:.... ..22 90 23 6OC
Closing .................... 22 90 23 65*
• Flour — '- \u25a0
Opening ..:...... .... . . .'\u25a0 . . 31 70 31 10
Closing ..................... 31 20 f . 31 15 -
/' -;! Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON Oct. 24,-^An lmprovemsnt tsfound
in the demand for wool in 'the Boston market.
There has been ' a roticeable increase \n iti
\u25a0 worsted \u25a0 manufactures." " The firm' opening : of
the 'primary/ foreign ' markets has had a
strengthening effect; on trading hera and his
confirmed, the belief that no lower pries w It
prevail for some time." Pulled wools are qulev.
with territory movie g freely. Foreign sr-d:»
are light. Territory quotations: .. ,„_„,
/ Idaho— Fine, 22@24c; .heavy, fine. 19®21c;
fine medium. 23<fr24c; medium. - 2i@2Bc; low
"^mmS^e; tiSSSffi heavy. inCW
20c; fine \ m«dium 23@24c; medium. -i«-3-t
fine. 19@20c; fine - medium. 23®24c; medium.
2T San^F^fe;^c^ average.
240250:1 fine- medium choice. 2t5®2.c: «.v«je.
27e28c; staple. 28@30c: medium choice, 2S®3oc.
. \u25a0 St. liOuls AVool 3larket.
«iT '\u25a0 I OI7IS Oct 24.— W00L— Steady. Me
dlfm graies 'combing and clothing 26%@31c:
light fine. 22627 c; heavy fine, 19S'23c; tub
washed, 33©42 c. .;
Northern W'hent Market.^;?-;
. • < OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 24. -Wheat-Club. 73®
74c; bluestem, 76077 c: valley. .i*c. .
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 24.— Wheat unchanged; blue
stem, 76c; club, 73c; red. CPc. .
Northern Business.
PORTLAND Oct. 24.— Clearings, $806,767.
ba T!v n COMA. SIJI2 oc 6 i. I 24.-Clearings. $655,334:
ba s^rL 5 E >U Oct. .24 -Clearings, $1,185,235;
balances. $230,152. ».— \u25a0. it.
SPOKANE. Oct. 24.— Clsarlr.g3. $tHl.il4.
balances. 51^5.035. ;
LOCAL, MARKETS.
Exebanee and Bullion.
New York Exchange was lower. Sterling
rales thowed no change.
LOCAL. ' • f -
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — . «?4 S3S
Sterling Exchange, sight — «* |' £
Sterling Exchange, .tables — @i B*%
New York Exchange, sight..... — W JM
New York Exchange, telegraphic — «* ta
Silver, per ounce. %«*% «* ±- t u.
Mexican Dollars, nominal — <S> .*»»
INTERNATIONAL. '
New York on Paris • 5^J ° Vk
New" York on Mexico XW~ir
Paris on London '"'''Stjui
Berlin on London ••• -w-™
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Continue quiet and
nominal at about 19s 9d@2os. usual Europeau
options. There is some chartering up north,
but none of any consequence here. The char
tered Wheat fleet In port has a registered ton
nage of 12,588, against 34.050 tons on'the same
date last year; disengaged, 18.330 tons, against
90,385- on the -way. to this port. 212,000 tons,
against 196.900. .
WHEAT— Chicago was %c higher. In
market conditions remained' precisely as before.
The cash grain was firm and futures were
some fractions higher, with very good trading.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 4001 45; California
White Australian, $1 50@l 55 : : lower grades of
California Wheat, $1 1501 30: Northern Club,
spot, $1 40@l 42%; Northern Bluestem, $1 45®
1 47%- Northern Red. $1 32%@1 S5 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
:VV'*; ', Op"en. High. Low. Close.;
December ...$1 39% $1 39% *1 39% $1 39%
May— sl 43% bid, »1 43% asked. . S, i
2 p. m. Session.
December— sl 39% bid", $1 30% asked.
BARLEY — Of the large receipts yesterday
SO.OCS Ctls were on a vessel down from Part
Costa tor export, hence do not figure on • the
market. % There was I a further advance in
futures under active trading In the forenoon :
and the cash grain while no higher, also rulsd
firm. Receipts continue light.
Futures fell back In the afternoon.
.CASH BARLEY.
Feed, ?1 05©l 10 for common and $1 12%@
1,15 for good to, choice; ,n«>w»Jirewing, $1 1«V»
ffl 17^.; Chevalier,- »i*1?%%l 32% per ctl.
/' . JIiPTURES. \u25a0..,
SepA&n 9 to 11:30 a. m.
"• - * High. \u25a0- Low. ' r Close.
Decembrf ...$l 17 " $1 17% $1 16% $1 1«T»
Maj>i<T;..... 1 19% 1 19% 1 19% 1 19%
2 p. m. Session. __.
' Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...*1 16% $1 1«% $1 16% U 16%
May ....:... 119 1 19% 119 ,119*1,
OATS— The market Is eufflclently supplied
with the tllfterent kinds, Ited predominating;
The demand Is merely average and there are
no especial features to report. Prices are un
changed.
Red, Jl 35@1 50 for choice, $1 25@1 32% for
fair -to good -and $1 15@1 22% for common:
Black. $1 50@l 75 for good 'to choice for eeed
and down to $1 25 for ordinary feed; White,
$lrSs@ll r S5@l 47%; Grays, nominal. , i
CORN — 1200 ctls came in from the West yes
terday. The market continues lightly supplied
and unchanged. • •
; Western sacked, $1 40@l 50 for Yellow.
$1 32%5>1 37% for White and 51 40@l 42% for
Mixed; California large Yellow, nominal;
small round do, $1 60@l 65: White, nominal;
Egyptian, $1 40tf?l 60 for White and $1 35®
1 40 for Brown. . .'
RYE-r-Is quiet and more or less nominal at
$1 42%@1 52% per ctl. The inside quotation
is for" Eastern. :
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@2 25 per ctl.
Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
Business in all descriptions is of average
volume and quotations remain as before. •
FLOUR— California Family Extras, ?4 SO®
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70@5;
Oregon and.. Washington, >3 75<g4 25 per bbl.
\u25a0 FARINACEOUS GOODS^ — Prices in packages
are as follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per. 100
lbs; Rye Flour. $3 75; Rye Meal, $3 50; Rice
Flour, $S; Corn Meal, $2 73; extra Cream do,
$3 75; Oat MeaL $4 50(54 75 : Oat Groats. $4 75;
Hominy, $3 75©4; Buckwheat Flour, $4 sO@
4 75- Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina. $4 50;
Whole - Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled Oats, bbls,
$768 ; - in . sacks, $6 Go@7 CO; Pearl Barley, {6 ;
Split. .Peas, boxes, $5 60; Green Peas. $5 50 per
100 lbs. " . ; . * ;-\»-
Hay and Feedstuff*.
\u25a0 The' recent heavy arrivals of "Bran from, the
north, with' the -knowledge of. moreto come,
have imparted a weaker feeling to the market,
as mentioned yesterday. ; Prices show no
change, \u25a0 however. , . .'..-.'
The Hay situation remains unchanged. •. The
shortage In cars . continues, which renders the
fine grades scarce \u25a0 and very . firm, with occa
sional sales of choice Wheat up to $17 50. The
lower grades are merely steady. There were
only five cars In yesterday.
BRAN— $23®24 per ton. \u25a0
MIDDLINGS— S26 50@29 50 per ton.
- SHORTS — $23i824 per ton. - '
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $24ff25;
Cocoanut Cake ..'at mill.- $20 50: jobbing,
$21- Cocoanut Meal at mill. $20 50; -Jobbing,
$21: • Corn' Meal. $30#30 50; Cracked Corn.
$30 50@31; .Mlxtd- Feed. $23@24; Honse
Beans. $30^40 per ton ; Broom Corn Feed. , 90c
per ctl ; Calf alf a Meal, carload lots, \u25a0 $21 ; job
bing,* $22 60 per ton; Mealfalfa, $18 in car lots
and $20 for smaller quantities. . :
HAY— Wheat, $11 60@16 50; Wheat and Oat.
$11@15 60; Oat, $9@13 50; Barley and Oat, $S® 1
12- Barley. $S@11; Volunteer Wild Oat,.s7ißll:
stable. $O®S; stock. $s@7;: Alfalfa, $6 50®9 60
STR AW— 3O®SOc per bale. '
Beans and Seeds.
Receipts of Bearia were 14.701 sacks, making
35.651 sacks. thus far this week. The market
continues . unsettled. Pinks are ; very-! '\u25a0 weak
owing to . heavy . arrivals, while . Bayos. which
are r-in light "i supply •; and good demand, are
higher. -The other . descriptions ' show, more or
less fluctuation. - The demand for assorted cars
for the Southwest: continues. \u0084
' There) ls nothing new In Seeds. . :
\u25a0 BEANS— Bayos. $3 40®3 60; Pea. $3 25@3 f»;
Butter, -$3 50; small:. White. $.i@3 15; large
White, $2®2 45; Pink. $1 75<§2; R«d. $3@3 7.%;
Lima; here, $3 40@3 50; Red Kidneys, $3 50®
4;." Blackeyes.,;s4 40©4 50 per ctl: Horse
Beans. $1750185. .-: . \u25a0
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50@4 75:-Yellow,
Mustard.s3 60@3 75; Flax Feed- nominal:. Ca
nary,' 6li«SC%c; Alfalfa. " 12c; . Rape. • 2@2?'»c;
Timothy. 6%c; Hemp. ; 3%e per lb; . Millet. 2%
@3Vic- Broom Corn $20#21 per .ton..: .:
» DRIED : PElAS— Nlles, ,; $1 7552 10; V- Green
Peae, . $1 ( 50@2. •:« ; '. .\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0," "\u25a0:'.- . -\u25a0 \u25a0.....;.;
\u25a0 • Potatoes. Onions ; and Veiretables.
The. market for river Potatoes' continued very
weak,"--.wlth '. receipts : heavy-and stocks steadily
accumulating. Z Salinas ; Burbanks -. were steady,",
with- the: demands and; supply, about balancing.
Sweet" Potatoes 5 remained ;. weak » and . the i river
article was quoted at ; a- widpr.= range.. Onions
were - firmly .< held at the recently advanced
quotations.; . f.- . •.' " • ' t -.; ' •
\u25a0 -With r stocks '. comparatively . light." the : market
for miscellaneous vegetables was in good shape
for' sellers and higher prices ruled for most .le
scrlptlons. -". Summer ; - Squash ; 'and '\u25a0? Cucumbers
were * the least plentiful -and -flrmest^klnds. .;
"~i POTATOES-r-River a Whiten, "j 40@65c per "ctl;
Salinas « Burbanks,; 00c@$l 25 '. per » ctl ; Sweet
! Potatoes, •\u25a0\u25a0; Merced, "$t 25@1 40 -per ctl; river."!
85c0|l- per ctK'";t^W»lW'*»|JBßßi<WS
- ONIONS— YeIIow, . ! 85c©$l , per. ctl. _
- VEQETABLES — Green \u25a0 Peas. &0 5%c^.per > lb":
String V- and :,Wax >\u25a0 Beans, ; 3@6c ;= per^: : lb;
Lima i Beans," -r3%®4c.fp<rVlb; - Tomatoef,'
\u25a0 «oc®sl ' per box; Bummer ' Squaeh.'i $I@X 50
per box: Cucumbers. 75c@51: 25 per box; Cab
bage, GCc per ctl; Carrots. 50@e0c' per sack:
Garlic, -sii@6c- per lb;E?p Plant. 4ft@soc per
box ; . Green -_ Peppers. - 40@ti5c per. box : . Green
Okra. Cs@7sc per box; Marrowfat Squash. $• 50
@10 per ton; Hubbard Squash, *10©12 50 per
ton. fftiltjiHJl>'i-W4^rt>Hm ' \u25a0
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market was heavily »tocked and
weak for everything except Broilers and Fry
ers, which are always scarce at this time of
the year.. "Hie receipts of domestic stock on
the early - express wer« 114 coops, and there
were further heavy > arrivals from, the Petaluma
region later In the day. A good portion of the
car of Western that came in late on Monday
was, also on the marktt. \u25a0 A few. casea^o..
Dressed Turkeys came In and' sold at _lg-oc
per pound. . Fully 50 per cent of. the receipts
of Wild Ducks were seized by the Game War
den from dealers who had more than 60 birds
in -their possession. Retailers were afraid to
buy freely on that account and the market was
unsettled -in consequence. The quotations be
low wtre obtained when sales were made.j-
POULTRY— Live, Turkeys. lS@22c per lb:
Geese, per pair. $2; Goslings. *2 25<g>2 50:
Ducks. $3 5004 r*r dozen for old and $4 3OB>
5 50 for young; Hens. $4@4 50 for small and
$6@7 for large; young Roosters. $3@5 50; old
Roosters. $4 50@5: Fryers, $4®4 50; Broilers.
$3 5004: Pigeons, $1 25@1 50; Squabs. ?252 25.
GAME— Per dozen— Mallard Ducks. *$ 50®
4 60- Canvasback $3#6; Sprig. *3#4; Gray
Ducks, $2: Teal. $2; Red Heads, J2 50; Wid
geon. 52: small Ducks, *l 5031 75; Gray Geese.
$2@3; White Geese, $I@l £0; Brant. $2 for
large and $1 50 for small: Hare. $2: Cottontail
Rabbits, $2 50; Brush Rabbits, $1 50.
Batter, Cheese and Esrsrs.
The second session of the new Dairy Ex
change was even more successful than the
first. The attendance waa large, the dcslra
to do business general fend numerous sales wera
made. Butter showed a weak feeling, as there
were more sellers than buyers, and large lots
were freely offered by eell*ra at a ellght re
duction . from the quotations ruling' the pre
ceding day. Cheese, on the contrary, ruled
firm at about previous prices, . stocks continu
ing light. Eggs continued to advance and, al
though the bids for fancy ranch were ad
vanced to 40c. no sales were made, mainly be
cause there were none on the market to sell.
There were quite a number of sales of Eastern
and cold storage, however. The Egg market,
as far cs fresh California are concerned, con
tinues practically bare.
Sales were as follows:
Butter— s boxes - extras, full-weight squares,
31c ; 5 boxes do, : 31c.
Eggs — 10 cases eelected cold storage. 27c;. 20
casts, do, 27c; 50 'cases selected cold storas?,
teller 10. 27c:. 50 cases No. 1 fresh Eastern,
seller 3, 27% c; 50 cases No. 2 fr«sh Eastern,
seller 10, 2O%c;' 25 cases No. 2 fresh Eastern,
sell* r 10. 20% c; 25 cases do, 20% c.
Cheese — 25 fancy flats, spot, 13 %c; 50 fancy
cold-storage flats, 12% c.
Receipts were 49.000 lbs Butter, €000 lb«
Cheese and 500 cases Efegs.
DAIRY EXCHANGE OFFICIAL QUOTA
TIONS:
' (NHjte. — The Exchange quotations represent
wholesale prices as established by sales, bids
end offers on the Exchange. Prices for Butter
and Eggs on the street range about lc higher,
owing to the Jobbing character of the business,
free .deliveries, long credits, etc.) •\u25a0
BUTTER — Fresh — California Extras, 31c.
firm; firsts.. 29c. firm; seconds. 25^2tJc. weak.
Eastern extras — 24% c; firsts. 23% c. Eastern La
dles — Extras, 20c; firsts, 19c. Storage goods —
California extras, 24c, firm; firsts. 23c; East
ern firsts, 23c. Ladles — Firsts, 19c, steady.
EGGS — Fresh — California selected, 49c, firm;
firsts, 45@4tJc, firm; seconds, 42%©44 c, steady;
thirds, 25<327c, weak; store, nominal. Eastern
— Selected, 27 % c; first*. 24@25c; seconds. 20c.
Storage — California selected. 27c; firsts, 25c:
seconds, 21c. California store — Selected. 25c:
firsts. 24c- Eastern selected. 25c; firsts, 23921 c.
CHEESE— New — California fancy. 13% c.
firm; firsts, 12% c, firm; seconds, ll% I ®li'c,
firm. Storage — California fancy, 12% c. B»st
ern—Cheddars. 15% c, firm; flats, 16c. Western-
Cheddars, 14c; twins. 14% -
Deciduous and Citrus ' Fruits.
Table Grapes continued to arrive freely, and.
with a heavy carry-over on hand, that depart
ment ruled weak, notably for small packages,
the large open boxes being preferred by the
regular trade. Fine Cornlchon and choice
Black Fereras were In rather limited supply
and showed some little flrmn*«s, while prices
of .the other varieties had a downward ten
dency. There was practically no market for
Wine Grapes, the offerings consisting entirely
of odds and ends of low-grade stock, which
were difficult to dispose of at any price. The
demand for good Apples continued to Improve,
but values showed no Improvement, as stocks
were heavy and dealers were rather timid
about advancing prices. A message was re
ceived from Watsonvllle saying that growers
in that section were firm in their views and
were asking 4C@6oc per box f .- o. b^.for No. 2
Bellflowers. The other small- orchard fruits
were in limited supply and continued to com
mand good prices. There were^no large pack
ages of Ffgs received from the \u25a0 river, which
accounts for the lower range- of prices. 31»1
ons met with a sluggish demand and prices for
all kinds were low and Irregular. In the
Citrus market everything save Mexican Limes
ruled firm. There were heavy arrivals of
Bananas from the Hawaiian Islands, most of
the fruit being too green for immediate use.
STRAWBERRIES — Per chest — Longworths.
$5@S; large varieties. $3 50@5 50; Santa Clara
Berries, $6<gB.
RASPBERRIES— Per chest, $S@lo.
BLACKBERRIES— S4@4 50.
HUCKLEBERRIES — S@loc per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $S@lo 50 per
bbl; Oregon. $3 25 per box.
APPLES — Ssc@sl per box for fancy and 40@
75c for common to choice.
PDARS — Bartlett, nominal; Winter Neliis.
$1 254ttl 50 per box; otb*r varieties', 75c@$l 25
per box. i
PLUMS — 75c©$l per box or crate.
* POMEGRANATES — 75@90c for . small and
$1 25i@2 50 for large boxes.
PERSIMMONS— S3c@SI per box.
FlGS— 7sc®sl per box."
QUINCES— 75c<g$l per box.-
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $l@l 50 pef. crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 60cS$l per box; Watermelons,
$I@2 per dozen*.
GRAPES — Small packages — Muscat. 40<g75c;
Black, 30@COc; Tokay. 40@75c; Isabella, $1®
1 25: Cornlchon. 76®80c. Large boxes —
Black. 75c@$l; Tokay. 60@90c; Muscat. 75c«f
$1 25; Cornlchon, $I©l 25; Wine Grapes, Zin
fandel, $20@25 per ton; other varieties, $15@
20 per ton. \u25a0 . • .
CITRUS AND TROPICAL FRUlTS—Or
anges Valencias, $3@5 per box; Navels Early
Bloom), $4@4 25; Lemons. $2@3 50; Grape
Fruit, $304 60; Mexican Lime?. $4 per case; fca
nanas, Hawaiian, nominal; Central American,
nominal per bunch; Pineapples, \I"QZ per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins and Honey-
Some descriptions of Raisins' have been re
duced lc per lb, as will be seen below. Sev
eral kinds of Almonds have also been marked
down These are the only changes to note.
The Fruit market continues firm as far as
prices are concerned and there Is rather mora
doing \u25a0 as the dealers report a better move
ment.* Quotations, however, are without va
riation.
There Is a quiet trade In Honey at previous
prices.
FRUITS — Apricots. 7 Uff 10c for Royals and
8 %<3 12c for Moorparks: Peaches. 8c for stand
ards. S%c for choice. 9c for extra choice* and
9 U SlOe for fancy ; Pears. • * %@l2%c ; Nectar
ine-" 7%(QS%c for white and 7&@7r;c for Red:
Plums, pitted. C@7c for Black. 7<gl>c for Red
and "Pc for Yellow; Sliver Prunes. 7®B%c;
Evaporated Apples. 7©S%c; sun-dried, per
lb- Figs, boxes, 50c for choice; '55c for extra
choice and 60®65c for fancy; bulk white. 2%@
4c per lb: tlack. 2%@3c.
PRUNES— OId crop. 3Q3&C per lb basis for
the four, sizes and 3U®3%c basis for the large
sizes. • N<ew crop Prunes, 3%@4c basis for the
four sizes (60-100) and 4©4Hc basts for. the
large and small sizes.
. RAISINS-^Loose. 4-crown. 6%c per lb; 3
crown, • 6c; ' 2-crown, s*Jc. Seeded Raisins—
Fancy 16 ounces, -7%c: fancy, 12 ounces, SHo;
choice." 10 ounces, 7e;, choice, 12 ounces, 5%c;
Imperial Clusters. , $3 per 20-lb box; Dehesas.
$2 50; . fancy. $2 ; ; 3-crown London Layers,
$1 50; 2-crown, $1 40; seedless \u25a0 standard ' loose
Muscatels, 3%c; same floated, 3%c; seedless
Sultanas, 4fl6c; Thompsons, 6%c; bleached
fancy, -9@loW.c; bulk < choice, \u25a0 8c ; standard, 7c.
NUTS — Almonds: Nonpareils. 13%®14c; I X
L 12%®13c; Ne Plus Ultra. 12g12%c; Drakes.
ll%c and Langucdoc. 10%®llc: New Walnuts,
No. 1 BOftshell, 13c; No. 2, Vc; No. 1 hardshell.
12K-C; No." 2," B%c; Peanuts, 6fJ7c for. Eastern;
Pecans. ll®13c: <Tocoanuts, $4 50® 5; Chest
nuts. 10®12%c per lb. •
HONEY— Comb, 10%&11^4c fbr -white and
Bi@loc for amber; • water white extracted. C@
U%c; white. 4%®5%c: amber, 434% c; dark,
; • Hawaiian. 2%c for extracted.
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
Z*rovlsloßa.
The market continues quiet at the 'ecer.tly
revised prices- .There Is no snap to anything.
Bacon Is i scarce, bu% . everything elae . Is . ia
ample supply. • "* -i- ' .' \u25a0;.*- —«, r . ..'
CURED MEATS^ — Bacon. 12^c per lb for
heavy ' 12^-c for* light mtdium.- 13fj@llc for
light, ; 14©14 We for extra light and 16%0
for sugar-cured: dry Salt Sides. lO^Sllc; Bel
lies. 12c;, Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13e;
California - Hams, ;: 12^4c; '. ' Mess ' Beef. ' r $3 50
per - bbl ; extra Mees. $10; Family. $11 : prime
Mess .Pork," <14 : - extra clear. . $10 50; . Mess.
$17.50; Pig Pork. $22; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked
Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces \ quoted • at . 6Vic per lb for
California Compound. 3 7®7Uc for Eastern com
pound and 9»4c : for pure; • half barrels, pure.
o%c: 10-lb-.tlns. lOVic; 5-Ib tins. 10% c; 3-lb
tlns,-10V4c. * "-'\u25a0 -•-' ;."*\u25a0>\u25a0\u25a0."
c . COTTOLENE— One i half -. barrel,- B%c; three
half, barrels, S^ic: 1 one tierce, Sc; two tlerc'.s,
7J4c:. five. tierces, 7%c perlb.
Hide*,* Tallow,, AVool . and Hops. '
'\u25a0} Hides are' reported - as.' firm and active zr
ever, both here and in the East, and dry, Hides
are lc. higher." --Tallow sis lower. - v
v- Hops -\u25a0: continued quiet' 1 - at- unchanged' quota
tions,* though the : undertone \u25a0\u25a0 of the market Is
steady.'Mea^afiSQIIQIiBSHBiPBBMBIBnPQPvK
-The Wool market . Is • not >as firm as It has
b<stn. v The good Wools are • being 1 well taken.
but-'.the-Mowerj, grades : are neglected. Prices
for * all grades. -.'• however, remain \u25a0 unchanged.
\u25a0\u25a0'> HIDES AND i SKINS— CuIIs and brands s?!l
about. Vj«Slcj under - quotations. - Heavy Salted
Steers,' 12% c;. medium. >.- 12c; v light, 'liy,<s;
Cow \u25a0 Hides, llftc for heavy aad ; ll^o tor
AUCTION SALES
Jfei fe^ £»
AUCTION SALE
SIXTY HfAD OF HIGH-CLASS
Heavy, Young Draft
Mares and Geldings
Weighing from 1300 to 1900 pounds.
FROM THE
R. W. VHTSCXS, RANCH, SISKIYOTJ
CODXTY. CALIFORNIA.
In, this consignment Is one of the flaest car-
riage or hearse teama in California, and a
few good driving horses. To be sold
TUESDAY EVENING. OCT. 31. 19<J5.
At 7:43 o'clock at Salesyard.
1733 MARKET ST~ Near VAN* NESS
AYR. S. F.
, Horses at yard Saturday. October 28. Sen 4
for catalcgue.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
:. Livestock Auctioneers.
GREATEST AUCTION
SALE OF YEAR
150-HORSES and MULES-150
Absolute sale of all personal property belong-
iag to the Meek estate on - .
brio'aj and Saturday, Oito&sr 27 and 23
AtlOa. m.
SALE TAKES PI^ICE AT HAYWARD.
Conveyances will meet S. P. trains at Cherry
station and Haywarda electric cars at Castro
Valley Junction on days of sale. Lunch win
be served.
GEARY- & McDONALD. Auctioneers.
SPECIAL
AUCTION SALE £?>
WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 25. at 11 a. m.
Arcade Horse Market. 337 SUth Street.
'I will sell 17 heavy horses condemned by on»
of the largest teaming- concerns of this city:
their name not given for reasons of their own.
also 25 other good general purpose horses, four
business buggies, one surrey, one phaeton. en«
cart and harness for the same four sets oC
heavy team harne-. j Aactloncg r..
light; Stags. Stic: Salted Klp^l her Salt. 4
Veal. 13c: Salted Calf. 13% c: dry HWes, 2t^?
21c: dry Kip, 17315 c: dry Calf. su . e9^}Jl'
shearlings. 2o@tCc each; ahort W ool. 5^9.^
each; medium, 90c<ff$l 23: long Wool. $1 SOg!
Horse Hides, salt. $a<33 25 for law and $- .3
for medium. $2 23 for small and 50c forCottf.
Horse Hides, dry. $2«2 25 for large, ami *1 .3
for medium. $1 50 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins-Dry Mexican. 3lc: dry^ salw-i
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 27c, Gnat
skins— Prime Angoras. 75c; extra large ao,
$1 25: large. 60®t!Oc; medium, Us@loc; small.
**5c
" T\LLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4©4 I ,io in. barrels:
In cans and drums, fie less; No. 2. 3«J.5Vic;
Grease. 2@2%c. . ,-*.,-' -
WOOL— Fall clip— Northern free. 15®l»c.
do. defective. 12®14c; Middle County, free. 13.^
17c- do, defective. 12@Uc; San Joaquin and
South*ra. lCm3c; San Joaanin Lambs'. ltf&
16c: do. defective. 9<it\2c per lb. _ •
HOPS — 1904 crop. ll(&13c; ISOS crop, ll©l3o
per lb.
Meat Market.
I With the exception of Mutton, the market 1s
sufficiently supplied with all description*, both
alive and dressed, and prices remain the same
as during last wwk.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates fro;n slaughterers -to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 5@5%c for Steers and 4#se p«r lt>
for Cows. \u25a0 "
VEAL— Large. 5@6%c: small. B^i^Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, SVi§9c; Ewes, $Q9<s
per lb.
LAMB— &@loc P«r lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7f{S%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good soufd
Livestock delivered In San Francisco. less 40©
45 per cent shrinkage 'for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 5%®6%c; Cows and Heif
ers. 4%©5 c.
CALVES — 3%^lc per lb (grosa weight). .
SHEEP — Wethers. 3%t?:{s;c; Ewes, 3®3Mo
per lb.lgross weight). -- *- . -
LAMBS — $2 75<f|3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 130 to 250 lbs, 5%c:
over 250 lbs, !>%e; under 130 lbs, 5-Sc;
Feeders, nominal; Sows, 20 per cent off;' Boars.
50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per mat off from
above quotations.
- General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 7Uc spot and 6c. for
buyer June-July. 19CC; Wool Bags. 30@33c;
email lots, 31@34c; Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit
Bags. 6V*@7c.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners' Association Quotes tha following
price list. . '
a °" a' '3» 3
FRUITS. >£ H §"3 * ?
\u25a0» v •»>»•». •
? s ?s r- :
• as • •
Apples . $2 00[$l 60;$l 40l$l 30 $1 CO
Apricots 1 60t 110 1 OOj 8O
Blackberries | 1 60| 1 25) 1 15 100
Cherries (R- Ann) 4 OOj 3 CO 2 50[ 2 25
Cherries (Black).. 3 00 2 40 2 00 1 75!
Grapes <W.Muscat)| 2 COf 1 30] 1 Cst 05| SO
Nectarines I 2 CO 1 50J-1 30
Peaches (Yellow).. 2 40 1 170140 1 30 DO
Peaches (L. Cling) 2 50 2 00 1 60 1 40 90
Peaches (do sliced) 2 50 2 00 1 60
Peaches (W. H.).. 1 So 1 oO\.
Peaches (do sliced) 2 50 1 Mi 1 60 1 40
Pears (Bartlett) 2 25} 2 00 1 65;
Plums 1 25: 100 90i 70
Plum* (Damson).. 1 00! »O|
Raspberrit* 3 00 2 50| 2 25 2 CO
Strawberries 250 2 COj 1 75,' 1 C 0( .
CANNED VEGETABLES — Tomato*j. 2%-lb
standards. So@S3c; gallon standards. $232 25;
3-lb solid pack. 95c. Green Peas^ — Extra sifted.
$1 10; extra fine sifted. $1 25.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per lb, 4%c:
cases, regular. 5%C: cases, extra large, '6 V^c;
Eastern style, G\c: '"Norway." 7cr, • Anchor
Brand. 71J7 Vi<r: "Narrow Gauge." j.>*'B* "?*S?fVfrr '
King," 7%c: Golden State. "Vie; White Seal.
B%c: blocks, "Oriental." 7c:- blocks, "Sea
bright." 7Hc; Crown Brand. 7%c: PearT/ 7»ic:
fancy Boneless. 9'tf9Ue; pickled Cod. bbls.
$S 30: pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 75.
COAL — Wellington. $S per . tonr New "Wel
lington. $S; Seattle. $6 30:. Bryant. $<S 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50 : Roslvn. $7; Coos Bay. $5 30;
Richmond. $S; Cumberland. $13 la bulk anj
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Ecu.
$14* Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke. $U 50@l;t por
ton In bulk aad $15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions. $3 50 p«r short ton.
CORDAGE— The local company quotes as
follows. 60 days or % per cent discount for
cash no sale* under 10.0 GO lbs: Manila. 15c:
SlsaU 10% c: Duplex. 9%c; Bale Rope. ll@llfta
per lb.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — I2Vj&l3Uc for strict
ly prime washed; ll^Ol2^c.for prime wash
ed; 10%©llc for good washed; ll@ll%c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 10%©llc for
good to prime peaberry; 10@llo for good to
prime; o£9%c for fair; 6%@3%c for common
to ordinary.
Salvador— ll®l2%c for prlm» to strictly
prlme washed: lC@lo%c for good washed: 9©
9%c for fan* washed: 10*l@ll%c for good to
prime washed peaberry: 9% 101044 c for good to
prime semi-washed: o%®loc nominal for su
perior unwashed- 9%®9ftc for good green un
washed: 10@10%c for good to superior un
washed peaberry: 6%©SUc for common to or
dinary.
Ecjiador — Current unwashed. 9c nominal.
N.'aragrua — 11 ft 12c for prime . washed ; 9%|9
10% c for fair to strictly good washed; B%tP
9 Vic for good to superior unwashed; lOsJlO^io
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— ll% @130 for prim*
to strictly prime washed; 10*i*»lUic for strict-,
ly good washed: 10^.@i0%c for good washed;
'.•%''tlOc for fair washed; 9ii!>i»c for medium;
6%SS%c for common to ordinary: 10%«211%c
for. good to prime washed peaberry: 10®10%«
for good to prime mrwashed peaberry; 9%©100
for good to superior unwashed. -.
Hawaiian— l3S 14c for fancy; 11%<312c for
prime: 10%@U>ic for gcod; 9«4ol»>Uc tor
fair: 10%©12e for peaberry; 7®90 , for low
grades.
LEATHER . — Sole, heavy. 29<^31c: extra
heavy. 31©33 c per lb: medium. 2S«3Oc: Ught.
27C2Uc: Rough Leather. 2S@3oc; Harness)
Leather, heavy. 35©37 c for No. 1 and 3.J@::st»
for No. 2: medium. 3fcg37c: Hght. 29«35c;
skirting." No. 1, 40042 c; No. 2, 3B@3Sc; Collar
Leather. 13@16c per foot: Trace Leather. 404>
44c- Kip, ' unfinished. 40®50c per lb: Veal, fin
ished. 50®60c per lb: Calf, finished. 65c(g$l per
lb- Wax Sides 16@17c per foot; Belt Knlfa
Splits. 14@16c:" Rough \u25a0 Splits. seiOc per lb.
. TANBARK—GrountI. $35@40 per toa; stick.
$15&22 per cord. .<saHß*
' OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add sc: Linseed 54c per gallon for botled and
5->c for ravr; Castor Oil. In . cases. No. I. 70e:
Bakers" AA; cases. $1 14@l 16; Lucol. -48c for
boiled and 46c for raw; China Nut. case*. 63®
7Sc per • gallon ; Cocoanut Oil, " In barrels, 58c
for Ceylon, and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, CSc; natural winur
Sperm OH.*"C3c: extra bleached Winter Whal>»
Oil 65c; natural Whale Oil. 60c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 73c : No. 1 Lard 011.-«scr
l*ure NeatsfootOU. 73c:' No. .1 Neatsfoo^Oll.
57i,ic; nerring Oil. 45c: Salmon Oil. Ma: boiled
Co ntlan ed on Pa se Four te«a« *
1516
GEORGE D. COLLINS IS BROUGHT BACK
AND ARRAIGNED FOR PERJURY.
George D. Collins arrived in the custody of Detective Gibson yesterday morning. and; was/arraij^
Lennon on the perjury charge. His bail wsas raised to $15,000. Collins was unable tofindbpridsmen" .and' was -kept at -the County Jail
lastnight He is in the best of health and .spirits and is -confident 'that he can beat his case.- ?, /y.- " > V . ;
Accused Lawyer Is
Much Improved
in Health.
Feels Confident He
Will Beat the
Prosecution.
Looking: better than he ever did, and
apparently In the but of eplrlts, GtoorgQ
D. Collins arrived In San Frandsoo yes
terday morning from Victoria, In charge
of Detective Thomas Gibscn. He Tras ar
raigned later In the day before Judge
Lennon, sitting In Judge Lawlor's court,
on the charge of perjury. His ball was
raised from $10,000 to $15,000, and not being
able to meet the requirement of the court,
was ordered into the custody of the
Sheriff.
"I left Ban Francisco because of my
wife's health," declared Collins with a
broad and cheerful smile. "I deny that
I was a fugitive from justice. My wife's
health demanded a change of climate, and
I would not sacrifice her health for any
body.
"I had Intended to go on East at first,
but I changed my mind. Yes. I did in
tend to Etay In Canada, but changed my
mind again."
"George and I are both broke," volun
teered Detective Glbeon. The remark
vai thrown in apropos of nothing in par
ticular.
It is over three months since Collins,
with th< aid of "Bogie"'' O'Donnell,
evaded the detectives, and left his bonds
men to weep and tear<h«ir hair. At that
time he seemed almost on the verge of a
collapse. When he stepped off the Ore
gon Express at the Oakland Mole yester
day he looked young and healthy. His
checks were tanned and his eyes were
bright and clear. His expression denoted
hope and self-confidence.
"George has something up his sleeve
yet." remarked those who have a blind
confidence in his ability to juggle with
the law.
Collins still grasps eagerly at every
technicality. Immediately after he was
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
perjury. Attorney Louis Boardman, his
temporary legal representative, applied to
Judge Carrol! Cook for a writ of habeas
corpus on all of the grounds that had
been advanced before. The writ was de
nied.
COLMXS IS CONFIDENT.
When the accused attorney faced Judge
I>ennon he was the Collins of the old
days, debonair and self-confident. The
first thing he did was to ask for a post
ponement until November 2. He wanted
to interpose an objection, he said, and
would require that much tfme to prepare
affidavits. • j
He objected to being tried by Judge
Lennon and declared that he would give
good and sufficient grounds for the ob
jection. He maintained that if Judge
Lawlor were prohibited from trying his
case he was also prohibited from ap
pointing another Judge to try It, and that
it should .have been transferred to an
other department.
District Attorney Byington declared
that there was no reason why the ar
raignment should not proceed, and the
court so ordered. Collins was given until
Friday morning to answer. He declared
that he would act as his own counsel and
asked that Attorney Boardman be asso
ciated T.ith him.
"I ask that the bail be raised to $15.
000." said District Attorney Byington.
Collins was on his feet in an instant
This Is the Question We Would Ask You:
Have You Visited Our Piano
Department This Week?
Probably you, like others, saw our announce-
ment of special piano values in last Sunday's paper,
but maybe it has not yet been possible for you to
call and see them.
We want to say that you should make no delay,
for selections are being made every day. The oppor-
tunity for choice is much better now than it can pos-
sibly be later on. Of course, we shall, continue to
offer the very best piano values, and do so at the
lowest prices consistent with the best values, but just
now there is an unusual opportunity because of the
very large stock to choose from.
Famous Makes in Used Pianos
A grand opportunity to prepare for the advent of •
th*» happiest Christmas ever experienced' In your '
home. A saving In price that Is bona fide. '.A piano, - '
although not new, that Is good — a piano that Is .far
bettor than any "cheap" new one. More than a-do'zen '
different makes to choose from, pianos in the greatest '
variety of styles, any wood you wish: We mentlon^a -
few of the makes and prices, taken at random from
our 6tock as it is now. . ;*.-.-•
Easy Terms of Payment'
Schubert— Price new $500 .". SQfSi^
Finolier — Price new $400 •» :'. .. gfl "TCT
Stein way— Price new $776. . .- -g»/S *7 pr
Cmeraon — Price new $350 -"{g <}FZ(\
Starr — Price New ?325 gfi Q^A
IJI ut hnrr— Price new $500 j'jj-n
Price new $S5O ";' gQQff
Tbayer — Price new $250 gQAA
Barnes A Sob— Price new $350. ..........'.; g C)kf\
K.tey—Price new $400. ..............'.'.'.'. [[ [ \ .'. '; \ '/\u25a0 ] S q»
niolimond — Price new $200 SOOS
Stein maj — Price new $675 \u25a0 apy/— \u25a0 >k-
.;...'.*.".*.'.'.*;;;;; 8 550
Plymouth— Price new $300 «AXVv
• ..:;;;;;;:.;;; * 200
Kmer»oii— Price new $375 \u25a0 anA/\
...:.....;.. ;;• ;;;;;;;; ;•;;;- \u25a0300
Ilirhmond — Price new $325 Saqj-
If you will not be able to call at onci»
write for complete descriptions and*
terms.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.
Stein way Piano Dealers •
Located for thirty-five years at Kear- .
ny and Sutler streets; San Francisco.
ATTORNEY WHO FLED FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO ESCAPE TRIAL, OOfN f A CHARGE OF BIGAMY AS *HE APPEARED.YEST
ERDAY WHEN HE RETURNED TO THIS CITY, HAVING BEEN BROUGHT -BACK FROM VICTORIA'- B'• C '\u25a0- IN 1 CUS
TODY OF DETECTIVE THOMAS GIBSON. , \u0084•- f ' ••-\u0084. .^^..o.^, w |ub-
with a flood of objections.' Judge Lennon
cut him . short. "The District Attorney
is the best judge, of what the bail should
be," said the court. "I order that the,
THE/ SAN^FRANGISGO;VCALL,UWEI)NESDA Y, ; OCTOBER 253905.
ball be. fixed at $15,000 and , I•»I •» order you
into the custody, of the Sheriff." "•.••.
, .'A bench warrant was" 'issued \u0084 for 'tlie
arrest Jof Mrs. Sarah > McCurdy, ', Collins',
mother-in-law ' number 2, i for \u25a0 failure •to
answei •' a- subpena, 1 ' .;• Neither.' ,the ,lrre-.
pressible mamma-in-law. nor \- airs. "; Mc-
Curdy-Collins was 'at the depot to greet'
Collins. \u25a0-.\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0.;• . t i . •; ; >
'. Collins' explanations^ of, why, he r came
back are as complicated and clastic" as
the utterances of the (of .Delphi. •
AVAS WILLING TO " UETUUN. ; " ". ; *
"The return was entirely yoiuhtary^on,
I my part," lie said,; "although,!, did come'
I back on an extradition; warrant.' .Tliere
j was no nee/3'tb stay ' away anyl longer, so
j I. was willing to be brpught back;' V.':'.\u25a0'\u25a0'.'£;\u25a0\u25a0. ':'.\u25a0'\u25a0'.'£;\u25a0\u25a0
\u25a0 "Yes," we were, both broke," ~. murmured
Tom Gibson. ' " '•\u25a0 \u25a0>, -, ;.* . . . •\u25a0 \u25a0 \-. •; \u25a0
! "I have some patrloUsnvleft/Vsaid Col-!
lins with a characteristic jtwlnkle in his
l eye/ „•; ; ... \u25a0' •; ;. , . ' ;> V y.-ti \u25a0•;,\u25a0-: \u25a0 :.,_.\u25a0_
j "The first time he . was .in court up
there," remarked i; Gibson'; v "he
that he had to come^under the> protection
of* the British: fiag "lo get. justice. . .The j
crowd .in the. court .clapped' 5 their..', hands
arid ' cheered him for .this." r , • ' V .' « " : :
'-Collins declares "that^ he > wants' this
hubbub settled- for" once '"and all." 7 "It
.has been unpleasant, for. my; yvife,"./ he
said., '"l .Intend to settle It once 'and for
all. ' l^ \u25a0'; \u25a0.; . - - ;>?;•: -;V\3 V / \ : h'L .\u25a0\u25a0 -t
"Though, 1. came.backof- my. own tvoll
tioD I intend to reserve all;the f fights that
the extradition treaty gives . me. : j I ,could
have beaten _the case in \ the
courts s but i I 'did ' not want<: to •• stay-in
Canada forever." •'."•••' / \u25a0.:.»_ : : ' r '\u25a0• ',' :\u25a0• .'\u25a0.- ,'.'•,
• Colllha j had .'a .whispered "conversation
with Louis -Boardman, .his. attorney, 'and
Dick Williams,, the Japanese interpreter;"
while crossing; the. bay.^Williams? is ; said
to have assisted him' to, raise the'bb'nds
| men whom he' threw, down.-.- '<;\u25a0 '-, ':•;\u25a0','::.
\ Tom Gibson \ has . many-, tales, of - woe
I concerning '.'the Canadian "'methods:'* of
procedure and is especially, bitter, toward
Detective McNaughtbn," who .was detailed
to watch, Collins.-, .."\u25a0.'•:; -.'..,.» '
; : "Collins was received.' with open-; arms
at; first,';.: said Gibson.; "They thought' he
had • money- for a while, but -when ! they
found that ho, had not thefr* ardor cooled;
He; had alprettyVgpod;tlme for : a while
went terou.se : hunting- ,with - a. lord 'chief
justice brJtwo and^was'lt'for' the time
being.'"-'' I'- ' ''' v <v \- ' ,*• "'" ' V' " -.' '" '
"I got him -aboard, the vessel /without
anybody.knowing 1 It;^Justias soon as . the
papers came we' lit ;but.'M^ suppose*. that
there, was* some gnashing, qt; teeth over'
lt.on : the s part of the creditors. ; But they
tried'to skin us arid we had;to ; do it.'.'Col
lins 1 was ,'wilHng- to? go.'.' Hls^ welcome
had- J gdfr rather rusty." .' <z] \u25a0 : . .
TOM OIBSOJi .SKEMS AVI2ARY.; V
Gibson ; lobited I as ' worn ; as" Collins looks
I fresh and ready^f or anything. , The pris
oner left .the courtroom. in charge of',Dep
uty Sheriff Jack Holland. , He*clafms' that'
he -will . be - able -to raise ' bail.' '.' * '\u25a0 : , .
. ; , When; the case was called. before Judge
Lennon the court ; was ? packed^ with at
torneys.: "George >will beat It: yet," was
the opinion given' out. V . . , '\u25a0:% »' ' -
.' 4 "He has something' up his sleeve.". And
Collins, looked the part. ]',; - ;' * -\u25a0
\u25a0 '.'lf , he is released on the. perjury charge,*
will /you.itry." to hold 'him • for < bigamy?"..
District Attorney Byington r was - asked." :•
, "We will hold . him on any thing, we can,"
replied- Byington. . ""^-yvv/»:';'c \u25a0''-;\u25a0 -
'; '.Regarding the -criticism "of ) his' course ;
in sputting5 putting; the- rnunlclpallty^tb'>corisldeV- 5
able (expense^ in ! efforts Ito \u25a0 btlng^Colllns
justjee,': the' District » A.tt6rriey»i yesterday ;
• iifcUi.u the followw^.'^atement:?. \ t "' :.",
. . Many^ persons have expressed -tlie opinion that
Collins/ having escaped ttom. the" Jurisdiction
of California, the. officers' of the law should
have, taken. no further steps .-; to .bring him to
Justice. The object of all. laws is to punish for
violation -thereof as an- example to others who
may be tempted" to do \u25a0 wrong." .This certainly
cannot . be accomplished ! Jf » we jgrant immunity
and> /reodom :to the Criminal - who secretly
steals across the border- of the State and then
from th« vantage -grouna '\u25a0of- a foreign soil
crlticiies our Institutions, condemns' our Ju
diciary, and derides , our ? laws. < •
• If. we are not to pursue the. escaped criminal
who .has -means enough to carry .hlm : beyond
the. confine's of.: Californfa, because |It Is- ex
-pensive-to bring him bark, why. then let us
pay the - transportation 'of . all. lawbreakers to
other jurisdictions because perchance it will
be cheaper for. the- State. Upon the strict en
forcement of the law ' rests i the security of the
citizen.- There should.be no haven of refuge
for the embezzler of public or private funds. -
'Extradition treaties should bo at once-en
tered- Into with Nicaragua and- all- countries
which harbor the \u25a0 fugitive criminal. \u25a0 If the
arm of the , law- could reach to \u25a0 every foreign
shore and drag back to the bar of Justice those
who prove recreant .- to . their trust ; a salutary
example will be. given to all. who seek to vio
late the p^nal statutes and. hundreds : will \u25a0. b»
detened from commlttingr, crime. ; No matter
what may bo the views of others, ?it deyolves
upon ahe executive and the • District Attorney
jto use every effort , to bring the escaped erlmlna*!
back to- the State"; from. which he has fled that
Its laws' may be. vindicated: \u25a0\u25a0' .; \u25a0 • \u25a0
'-,'\u25a0 ':' \u25a0': ..' .'-' - '\u2666.* ; '' ."•\u25a0''\u25a0. '>* \u25a0/\u25a0
'Regensburg's American Cig-ar.lmlfated
by others, .equaled by none; 2•2 • for 25c to •
Cadets' to Eqfrrtnln.
: Next Friday -evening Company I, !
League of the Cross Cadets,", will hold )
Jhelr. annual entertainment and dance ]
In : Mission Opera-hall, Mission : street, !
between Seventeenth -and Eighteenth'
This ; company produced at .V : their ,< last
entertainment; : the. 'operetta 'entitled
'.'Boys of "76," .which,- upon special
quest, was; reproduced 1 four times. 1 Some
exceptionally,' _flrie";talent:wHl •constitute
a- jportion ~of % the , evening's * entertain
ment, and |as | Mission • Opera-hull con
.talns bne of .\the;flnest'' L dance^floors r in }
this "city, the -members "caniassure their \u25a0
friends'; a V most:, enjoyable, time. ;- The
comnilttee. in- charge; of arrangements
consists of? First .Sergeant' M. P.; Har
ran, r ; Sergeant Joseph - Welch, Sergeant
L. ; Pelgen,- Privates ' T. Casey, - J. . Crcem
and* A: Plgnaz. • "
Bauer Reeltul Thin Afternoon.
;. Harold Bauer; will give ; a recital Uhis
afternoon 'at .-Lyric Hall;" when the pro
gramme .will ; be; as follows: "\u25a0 (a.) " Fa
ntasia' in ": C. minor, ; . (b) ; Prelude ' anil
Fugue ( Wohltemperlrte -Clavier N0. : 6)
-7-Bach. Etudes "^ Symphoniques-^-Schu
marin. *-(aY Etudein.Csharp minor, op.
25/ No.. 7, ;(b): Etude In >A, minor,- op. ; 25,
No. ll, r (c) Ballade 'in F .minor—
Chopin. 1 (a) : Impromptu in B- -flat— -
Schubert. 1 , (b) ; Impromptu in F minor—
Fanre.; (c) — The Ride of ;: the -Valkyries'
.•^Wagner ;(Dy< special; request)fi-' - '
' The want l columns are "the " Uttl"
Mills of Publicity."- They do not grind
so slowly as "the Mills of nhe gods,"
but they "grind, just as ; thoroughly. -* \u25ba '
Francr ' Coucert ; n Success.
- An enjoyable concert, was given i last
evening at' \u25a0!;. Lyric V. 'Hall * by -/.Francis
Fraser, vat which . numbers A? of.' ihis
friendsjattended.'.,. Those : who : enter
tained X'were:Miss:-N.' ; Sandy,' -whose
pianosolosi were "remarkably, fine; Miss
Hattiej M. v i Wilson, sMJss ! Flora i Graham*
Bertina;Boffa,:the : chlld\yiolinlst:»Mme.*
S. Boffa,', Mrs.' J. ? H: McGregor," Professor
S. J. ; Sandy, ".. F. "'J. v j,Clancy and Mr.'
. Fraser. V - \u25a0'•" ' \u25a0;•;'' V,:\ >\ \u25a0 \' v - >; *\u25a0--'','
I Barnett'B \ Extract of , .Vanilla.;pre
pared from (elected ' Vanilla Beans, warranted.*
BANK AFFAIRS
IN STATU QUO
Experts \ Gontinue -to Look
liito Books -and Action
Max Depend Upon Them
ANSWER DUE
Sturtevant Will Eeply to
% Request of the Directors
\u25a0?t6 Eebpen^ &ik ? s Doors
The status of the United Bank and
Trust Company" . did not change ma
terially, yesterday. The board of di
rectors met and ratifled.the acts of the
stockholders .who .met Monday night.
They also put in resolutions the defi
nite propositions that the j banK has to
submit': to the Bank Commissioners, in
thejirimove to reopen. . A general state
ment was also 'prepared in writing, to
be to Deputy 'Attorney Gen
eral Sturtevant, ; in\ which '.it was '|'set
\u25a0forth that the. bank' is financially able
to resume -and'- pay ''all claims as soon
as itJsallowed to do so. -
Attorneys Diakelspiel and, Newhbuse,
representing the' United > 'Bank and
Trust -.Company, -were in consultation
with Deputy Attorney General Sturte
vant yesterday afternoon^ . ' '
Theb'ank's. attorneys offered to open
the "bank with $107,000 In cash, or- ah
equal amount of the sum due to the
depositors. The proposition t was also
made \to retire the j notes taken for
stock,* close the .branch banksiand sepa
rate UheC real estate department . from
the; bank. \u25a0 ? \ > : , . . - \
The bank's affairs "were discussed at
length".* Sturtevant* said.he; would con- j
fer- with Attorney General Webb and
would-.; send ivri answer to-day. • Sturte-.
va'nt!: refused. to discuss this matter last
evening. f : ':^'- .--'\u25a0 •. ''"J*c C ir \'' ' v. ; " ' ',•
The .Bank Commissioners' were .ribt
called on •\u25a0yesterday" toconsider the/a*f- I
fajrs.iof 'the'rUtiited Bank, and Trust
Company. in ; any, way.^The expert forte
investigating.:' the ;' books - kept- about
itsVtask,\ somewhat vhampered^by the
absence of any : index';to the ledger^of
the>bahk, but making some piogre^s."
THe; Commissioners are acting; under,
the. advice of the Attorney General -and ;
will '- not take fa^j^ action jwithout'- con
fefrirfg; with .him. .. : : : ?'. \. '\ i '\u25a0^ t :",.' '." '"
LIBRARY COXSOLIDATIoiV . '._ .( <
; „ . MAY.' TAKE PLACK \ SOQX
. At the meeting' of Board. of Trustees
of;' the Alech'anics" Institute, hefdt last^
night! the ; report' wk's received from'tfic
committee^appoirited Uq> consult , .with:
the -trustees, of the sMercantile, Library
relative to theconsolidation of the two
libraries. •; -.- " V; • -" -^ - '
The' committee reported that at the
conference on October 19 .it had' stated
to the of the Mercantile Li
brary that in order to perpetuate the
name and . usefulness of the Mercantile
Library, upon the transfer of'theprop
erties of the Mercantile Library to the
Mechanics' Institute, the Mechanics'
Institute would agree: First, to com
bine the two libraries under the name
of the "Mechanics-Mercantile Library;"
second, ..to, maintain the -books: of the
two- institutions as 6ne. library, and to
make "the said library freely- accessible
to. all members; ~third[ .to \u25a0 issue -a life
membership '.to^all who, were .members
of- the "Mercantile Library in good
standing on .October 19. < 1905. . /;
The trustees ! of i. the / Mechanics' In
stitute. . approved •" vie, action of \u25a0 their
committee arid -authorized . it :to pro-"
ceed farther^iri the matter/ -There. will
be 'a meeting of "the members of .the
Mercantile. Library i to discuss, the * dfs
position .'of -"the -'library on . Thursday
evening,: October . 26 V v The "> following
trustees of the. Mechanics'" Iristltute »
were. present at themectirig last night:
President Rudolph '' J.^ Tausslg. George
Beanston, Livingston Jenks, r James 'H.
Lyons, Byron .Maiizy, L. R. M^ad,- Rob
ert W. . Neal.; James* Spiers, Otto yon
Geldern, Luther Wagoner. . ':
Ep Midseason Clean-up of "Dropped" Patterns^* 5
WBUy Right now every woman is buying her carpet or a rug or two to^^r"
m^^ make her home cozy for (he; winter. And RIGHT NOW we are^vs>
y^ holding this genuine sale of "dropped" patterns and short "lengths,
prices cut 30. per cent. ; . Ij^»|
notified us of the patterns to be changed a |w^^
P/^i| "\u25a0'month earlier than usual. This means a clean : up -of our stock, and wfen
LOT^ we're giving it- to you a month early— that's the point.
5^W These are the remnants of the ye"ar and it is almost certain they
S^^" will not' last foyer. the day. ;.So : come, early, and bring the measure-
Mj&i^s ;ments-of ybiir rooms. They are all separate pieces, ranging in size
'5S^7 rfrpm-a.single-yard up. \u0084 .
$W> Velvets^SS^'W.
'>V— v^'. "\u25a0''\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 -;'. ' • \u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0 - \u25a0 , -cut to 70c, and: 51 10 - and delicately soft i/VACi
( /(v^^.v 1 . 1 Tapestries 'cut, to 80c. '.->• But' the: creaih"'^/W toned.. The patterns that have been 'f% m~' *Wy/V p
7>'Wi*r'l °f them .all- in . its' grade is the 90c OiJC dropped se^m to be the best ones. The *$*^(s( s S^^X^*-
l/^Ji^ii3k Brussels at the clean-up price 0f .'...-. ,^^^'_- : clean-up; price, sewed and laid, 1a... •_ -I^>»i
|b ; .sl.6sAxmin S tersS^ f ,^ $1.65 Body Brussels |-.^
J SJfflft! * -,- =.. ,-- \u25a0. -,<-\u25a0•\u25a0 -,-.\u25a0\u25a0..\u25a0 -" Trolls left. Oth- Brussels t means. It's like sugar or, wheat 'We * '/a^A?
'<ZSYiP?vm -' « ors - only*twenty or _." thirty yards. -But this; have scores of these patterns In short length* W^.'^v'
' V 7 S^ ' week, they.all go,'sewed'and'laid, 'tf»' 1: | P "ranging from 20 to 60- yards. This vj» • *\ & NaKwC
ij il/TWf Per yard ; for . : . . . . . . ... . . • ' •AWI , IO week v per yard, sewed and :laid :^K H
i-^ot\«Ki \u25a0'\u0084.\u25a0 ; ! ...,\u25a0\u25a0. . \u0084 v-._v -._ \u0084; pair values for $7 50; $3 00 values for *t» % O/v /fvz^»i -
-(^''/(-V' .$6i00; ; 57.00 values for,ss 00;>J5 00 values for ?3 50; 13 50 values for $2 50. and JS I rW I (/ \\*%9
\u25a0V ;^^/-i; V*3 00 "values, per pair f0r...-.;. .....; ..................................;;.:...... •*P.*.«^*V •"'- v" ;^^l'
•'\u25a0'/\u25a0 f '^:v~ : . ..-.-.'.• ; -^^^*- •\u25a0\u25a0-" j;-^'^^ l , '\u25a0"\u25a0'*•-\u25a0.'\u25a0 -'-'\u25a0\u25a0• •' ;. " "^ -'_-~— — / —
'"'v '"'...-
Xi Moffatt (Sb Co. A
a Domestic D^oartmcnt
The following:' mid-week offerings should prove very
attractive. They comprise the, best in our newest stocks.
LINEN NAPKlNS— Excellent valuY in heavy Irish Linen TabJ« -\ : .
Napkins; regular size and new designs. Price, a CO OC "
dozen ...:.....:..:................... •P^-« J
LINEN TABLE CLOTHS— AII linen Table Cloths; 3 yard*
wide by 2}4 yards long; bordered all around; ten new. CO f)H
' patterns. Price. .......' • 4>ti.vV
' TABLE DAMASK— Fine, firm, air linen bleached table 7Sc
damask; 66 inches wide; handsome patterns. A yard... « *^rf.*';
LINEN TRAY CLOTHS— Special in all linen hemstitched Tray,
Cloths; new and pretty designs; 18x27 inches. Price.... 3[«/»
LINEN CRASHES— Large variety of linen Crashes; checked and
plain; for hand towels, rollers and glass cloths; 17 "1 2/2 C
' inches wide. A yard. •• * .
LINEN TOWELS— Huckaback; full bleached and large size;
hemmed and hemstitched; plain white, red or blue bor- 25c
ders. Priced each. ......... ..J...'.: +**J\r
\u25a0- v -\u25a0..\u25a0_ 7 .•\u25a0\u25a0-•,.. \u25a0\u25a0 ?
We always have complete lines of ready-made Sheets and Pillow
Cases, hemstiffched . and hemmed, at the lowest prices.
Ladies' Collar Novelties r*
Novelty Stock Collars and Jabots in lace, embroidery, lawn, linen,
chiffon and mousseline, in all the very OC- 4-. CO f)T\
latest styles. Prices IO $CJfy.
There is also a big assortment. of the latest ideas in Lace, Lawn -
' and Silk Chemisettes; lace, pique and braid; revere collar and
" uff s !?:. !?!!?v a !?!:::::::;:::: .\u25a0..\u25a0.*.:: 50c to $4,50
OMBRE RIBBONS^-High^grade - shaded vand Ombre Ribbons;
\u25a0\u25a0'* 6j^i inches '.wide; all-! colorings: Regular prices 40c, soc'OC^»
; .. ' and 60c a 'yard. ..Special price, a yard....... ,fc*w»W»
=*' DRESDEN R1880N— 554 inches wide, with small rose- 3Cp
.«, bud design; satin edge. Special, a yard vuiC
WARP PRINT RIBBON— 4 .inches wide; satin edge; 2S(*
staple colors. Special, a yard fcn*W
: r ... .Bows Tied Free. ...
m . Girdles Made to Order ' /*
111 to 121 Post Street
Saj •% Ther Repudiated Debt.
The testimony of Ignatz C. Schraitz,
owner of the Liberty Foundry, on
Main street, whose health is . falling
and who may, not be able to appear in
court at a later day, was taken yester
day before Judge Graham in the ac
tion instituted by him, through. an as
signee,, to recover. $415 18 from Gray
Bros., alleged to be proprietors of the
San ' Francisco Brick Company.
Rchmitss stated that. Gray Brothers or
dered some castings for the use of the
brick company, paying a small sum
thereon, but later repudiated the bal
ance due. He said the additional sum
he demanded was reasonable and fully
in. accordance with the original con
tract. The case in chief -will -not 4 be
heard for some weeks yet.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yes
terday to F. J. from Dora McNally for
desertion, Clara E. from John O'Brien
for willful neglect. Hannah G. from
Frank -F. Eisner for cruelty, J. from
Agnes L. Brunschwller for desertion,
and Pearl O. from E. Mordant for fail
ure to provide. Suits for divorce were
filed by Jenny L. against Alegut E.
Larsen for cuelty, Eula against John
Larsen for cruelty, Eula against John
Axel-E. Soderstrom for desertion, and
Margaret against Louis Deach for de
sertion.
>\ WHEELER GOES SOUTH.— Berkeley. Oct.
24. — President Wheeler, accompanied by his
wife and son. left, for- Del Monte to-night.
He Is to - deliver an \u25a0 address . to-morrow befor*
a . county teachers' Institute at Sloaterey.