THE WEATHER.
Forecast for December 30. 10C5:
San Francisco and vicinity — Increas
% cloudiness Saturday, probably .rfcfn
r night; light north winds, changing
southerly. A. G. MeADIE.
District Forecaster.
"VOLUME XCIX— NO. 30.
MRS. NIX WILL GET PORTION
OF THE LLOYD ESTATE.
Judge Ellsworth yesterday asked the attorneys of Mrs. Elizabeth Lloyd Nix to
amend their complaint in conformity with the evidence in her case against the Lloyd
heirs. This is an indication that the court will decide for Mrs. Nix. in her contest.
NATURAL CHILD WINS DECISION
Judge Ellsworth Says
Capitalist Was
Responsible.
Jurist A sks Woman 9s9 s
Consent to Amend
Complaint.
OAKLAND, Dec. ».— An intimation
given by Judge Ellsworth to-day in re
gard to the decision of the case of Eliza
beth Lloyd Nix, the natural child of the
late Charles R. Lloyd, the capitalist,
against the other heirs for a child's share
in his estate valued at $363,000 indicates
that the case Is to be decided for the
woman.
Lloyd acknowledged her as his child,
but she -r-as practically disinherited after
he had promised, it is asserted, she should
share with his other children in the dis
tribution of his weath.
"If ever a man was morally responsible
for a child Charles R. Lloyd was for Mrs.
Nix and with very little other corrobora
tive evidence the plaintiff's case would be
established," said .Judge Ellsworth to
day.
He asked Attorneys Frank Powers and
M. C. Chapman, for Mrs. Nix, to amend
their complaint so as to more nearly con
•form to the evidence as testified to on the
stand, and allowed them to propose suit
able amendments over the objections of
\V. S. Goodfellow, representing the Lloyd
heirs.
Judge Ellsworth then continued the
case until these amendments can be prop
erly engrossed. The deductions drawn
from his remarks and actions Is that his
decision, now ready to be handed down,
will be for the plaintiff In the action. By
such a r decision Mrs. Nix will be entitled
to about $50,000 out of the total amount.
EQUESTRIENNE
IS HURLED TO
SUDDEN DEATH
Young Miriam TayJor's
Horse Runs Away
in Alameda.
ALJVMEDA. I>ec. 29.— Miriam Taylor.
16 years of age and the only child of
former State Senator E. K. Taylor of
Alameda, was thrown from a saddle
horse this evening on Central avenue,
near liigh street, receiving injuries
\u25a0which caused her death three hours
. later.
Mis« Taylor was returning from Oak
land with a party of friends and was
riding a horse owned by Miss Alama
Sevening. who resides at 2438 Central
avenue. As the party was riding up
Central avenue the animal ridden by
'Miss Taylor became unruly, and the
young woman, who was an expert
equestrienne, gave him his head and
let him run.
Near High street the horse suddenly
swerved to the side of the street and
• ran under a row of trees, the low
" hanging branches of which swept Miss
Taylor from her paddle and she was
hurled across the curb, striking on her
head on a cement sidewalk and frac
turing her skull. The horse ran up
Central avenue to the Latham stables,
where it was kept, and its appearance
riderless in the stable caused an imme
diate search to be made for its rider.
Edward Hill, an employe of the
stable, discovered Miss Taylor lying
senseless on the ground, and, carrying
her to the stable, at once notified Sen
ator Taylor, who had his daughter re
moved to the- \Alameda Sanitarium,
where Dr. G. B. Reynolds was called to
attend her. She failed to respond to
treatment, however, and died at 9:20
o'clock.
Miss Taylor was one of l the best
known members of the younger social
set of the Encinal City, of which she
was a native. She was a student of the
Alameda High-School and was prom
inent in all the athletic pastimes of
the feminine students of the school.
During her father's terms as State
Senator Miss Taylor always accom
panied him to Sacramento, and she had
many friends in that city. I
Immediately after the doath of his
daughter her fcther ordered the re
mains removed to the Taylor home at
:M5O Central avenue. Mfss Taylor would
have graduated from the high school
in the spring, and her father had al
ready made plans for her entrance into
a finishing .«chool. Besides her father,
the young girl leaves a grandmother,
Mrs. <xober. who lives at College Park,
near San Jose. No arrangements' have
been made for the funeral.
Jerome Chansra . Hi«" Staff.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29- — District
» Attorney Jerome to-night announced
T^a number of changes on h's^ staff
go into effect Januar>' 1. The
iKOi?t important retirement is that of
Assistant ', District Attorn ey "William
Rand Jr.. who handled the Nan Patter
fton'and Abraham Hummel cases among
others*
The San Francisco Call.
CHILD OF THE LATE CHARLES LLOYD, THE, OAKLAND CAPITALIST. WHO
WILL PROBABLY RECEIVE A GOOD SHARE OF HER FATHER'S ES
TATE. FOR WHICH SHE, IS NOW FIGHTING. IN .THE COURTS. -
MME. NORDICA
FIGHTS A FIRE
ON THE STAGE
Averts Possible Panic
in a Theater in
New York.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
V NEW YORK, Dec 29.— During the last
<?cene of "Die Gotterdammerung'.' in > the
jiJStropolltan Opera-house this evening
burning alcohol fell from, a torch carried
by a woman of the chorus and. formed a
mass of fire near the front of the stage,
where it lay for several seconds, threat
ening both a conflagration and a panic in
the house.
At the critical instant Mme. Nordica, in
the midst of her. singing as Brunnhilde,
stepped forward ' with great daring and
presence of mind and trod upon \ the
flames, setting fire to the " edge of • har
skirt and scorching and burning her san
dals, but eventually putting oufthe blase.
The deed vas one of extreme peril- for
the prima donna,* who was^ clad in long,
sweeping white draperies, and. was her-
I self carrying a lighted torch, so that she
I could do little pr nothing to gather to
! gether or raise her robes. Men
and women , in . the audience gasped
asi; they .saw her, still singing,
standing directly,, over the . flames,
which could be seen shooting through her
flimsy draperies. It seemed as if in an
other moment the singer, must be en
veloped in flames. • Vigorousls', stamping
on the fire, and at the;same time grasp-
Ing with her disengaged hand-' the burn-
Ing corner, of her skirt, Mme. \u25a0 Nordica
conquered the flames. .
Instantly there was a burst of thun
derous applause from the house as it was
realized that the prima donna, had avert
ed a possible; catastrophe. At no "-time
during the accident had ! Mmc, Nordica
stopped singing/. The passage during
which the, fire started is: one. of . the'big
gest of the role of Brunnhilde, and the
prima donna not only did not "miss or
slight a single \u25a0note; of it,; but;' she
tinued the scene, as bntlliatitly. as she, had
begun it, and ; finished as if nothing; had
SAN FRANGISGO; SATURDAY; DECEMBER 30; 1905.
SMOOTH HURLS
DEFIANCE TO
W. C. T. U.
Hopes' ,to Assist in the
Bringing Back of
theVCanteen.
\u25a0 .-- \u25a0 : •- • . .
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
•: SALT: LAKE, .Utah. Dec. 29.— Reed
Smoot, United States , Senator from
Utah and \- : apostle ' ) of the ' Mormon
ohurch, j hurled at the , Woman's
Christian ..Temperance- .Union; which
has* been prominent in. the: fight: to de
prive -him of his seat in the'; United
States .Senate in a speech which _ he
made Vat -the : annual". banquet : of the
Salt Lake Commercial Club last -night.
He sald:< \u25a0 • ••:-,.; : \u25a0. .';;\u25a0.
-i, "I --•have; heard somewhere.' I • believe
lnv the ; public ' prees, •. of : an organiza
tion , ; called ; the Woman's Christian
Temperanoe Unionthat seems, to "know
more about . myj life ? than / 1 ?do , myself.
They/ haveV been** looking ;f or '! something
to 'find ; personally against me and? I
any going to give ; them ] something '\u25a0 to
night.;.' 1 1 hope "to f live ~~ and be^in the
Senate to; cast my vote ; for. the bring
ing back of the 'canteen." r'
'Senators Smoot - was . preceded > by
Captain A. D. Ely'of, the Twenty
ninth;; Infantry, ' stationed An • Salt ; Lake,
who advocated the re-establishment of
the canteen.'' <
KING, ALFONSO \ TO SPOON *H
: WITH? HIS i FUTURE WIFE
Goes to the South' of. Spain to Meet
Princes* Knn of Bat- : .'.'
'"- - ?*. \u25a0 \u25a0
; MADRID,^ Dec. -29.2 9.— King Alfonso has
gone-ona hunting expedition; to Gran
ada,;;in; the; south ; of ' Spain. „As "a coin
cidence ;the; British ; armored ""cruiser:
Drake, flagship Jof Rear Admiral Prince
Louis 'of ; Batteriberg,'*has s "; arrived (at
Malaga, ; about t: fifty/- miles -from' Gran
ada.vr.The Prince and, two" ladies landed^
at Malaga and £ proceeded : to'fGraha'da;
It is, expected that aimeeting^between
the 2 King iandj.the/future^: Queen /of
Spain/; Princess 'Ena of,Battenberg, will :
occur r at. the latter cltj^v " •\u25a0-\u25a0;• \u25a0'\u25a0"\u25a0
EXTRA WINE
PUTS CHILL
ON ROMANCE
Convict Spouse Is
Declared to Be
a Bigamist.
Husband of JndgeCamp
bell's Wido^ Has a
Family in East
George Jamison, Who Won
the Society Woman, Faces ;
i \ More Trouble.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA; Dec 29.— The romance | which
caused a sensation in , San Francisco so
ciety; circles a short •' time ago, - when ; the
widow of the late Judge J." A: Campbell
of San Francisco became the \ wife ,of
George H. Jamison, but recently released
from San Quenfin prison. Is about to be
blighted by a prosecution forUblgamy.
'Jamison was married in 1893 to Miss Anna
Thompson and they, lived together hap
pily for several years at Wapello,; lowa,
where two sons' were born.' v
Meeting financial reverses,- Jamison be
came involved in some financial entangle
ments and • was Arrested -on : several suc
cessive occasions on charges of obtaining
money under false pretenses," for i which
he served short terms at Burlington -and
Galesburg. He later' went , to the.Philip
pines, -having enlisted /at San ; Francisco.
From Manila .he wrote . several I times •\u25a0, to
his wife, telling of his. love and inquiring
about his children.; •/ ;. . -, ..,'..-': :
Returning .j to America after - : his dis
charge from the army, he .was arrested in
California arid accused ; of / having stolen
$100 fxom : ; a ; Pullman J conductor. > He ? P ro *'
tested his Innocence^ but- was-'Lconvlcted
and /sentenced : to : eighteen*- months* ! lm
iprisonment. -- Mrsii Campbell /believed <? in
him,"' and after : his £ release ' last "August
she . set rhim up ,in': business In Berkeley
and a few months later : became, his wife. |
"Soon after this Jamison, learned that the
wife j he- had not \ seen for years I and . the
mother, of his two sons Intended ' to seek
a divorce. ;He x hurried; to , Omaha, j where
his advances : were spurned. '„ He sought in
vain . to persuade wife •;. No. 1 " to' return
with him : to "California, promising -her/a
comfortable home and displaying photo
graphs of. the^ furniture house at Berkeley
of which he was manager, and unfolding
large rolls of bills as evidence that what
he promised he could ; fulfill. . It was all
in vain, however, and on the day that
his wife filed her petition for a divorce
last month he filed his answer, acknowl
edging every allegation except that of de
sertion,, and 'also agreed to pay the costs
of the suit. v
This was about five weeks ago. Since
then. Mrs. Jamison the first has learned
of her husband's marriage in . Califor
nia, and willnow modify her decree to
the extent that she will demand ali
mony,, and, in addition, she declares
that she will* prosecute the- bigamy
charge.
BERKELEY, Dec. 29.— George 11.
Jamison, who '\u25a0';'\u25a0 recently . married the
widow of Judge Campbell of San Fran
cisco, to-night denied the story .tele
graphed -; from the . East that he had
never been divorced from his first wife.'
He said:
"Papers in my former wife's divorce
suit were served on me when I was in
the Philippines as a United States army
soldier. ', Desertion - was alleged. I - let
it go by default. I. was informed later
by a friend in lowa that the /divorce
was ; granted. -, . That was . about three
years ago. It is not likely that the case
has slumbered that 1 long. -My former
wife's charge that I was convicted and
imprisoned in .the: East for obtaining
money under "pretenses is ? false.
I am being -hounded in this matter, by.
persons who "\u25a0 have spite* to vent - upon
my present wife. 1 ' My attempt to estab
lish a business ;. and lead an honorable
life/In" Berkeley would be frustrated if
these people's had their way. My former
•wife 1 has been; married for; nearly, three
years and : already ; has ,a ' child by her
second husband. A. Bowman."
PRESIDENT ENJOYS
WILD TURKEY SHOOT
Chief Executive >Will Return
to Nation's Capital on
Saturday^
CHARLOTTKrfVILLE, ,Va.. Dec. 29.—
President and Mrs. j Roosevelt took a
long j horseback ride to-day and Archie
and Theodore Jr. had ' a' lively ' rabbit
hunt. 'It :is now said to be the Presi
dent's Intention to,return:'to'iWashlng
ton on ; Saturday night Instead of Sun
day,; njght, as he ; originally intended
to do., " '' \u25a0":'..' ;\u25a0\u25a0 .\u25a0-"'.]: ' :,;V;: ,;V; "\u25a0-- \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0- '\u25a0.''•
\u25a0 Theodore: , Roosevelt ;.;- Jr. -.'and r v Miss
:Ethel left North^ Garden (to-night '"at
8:15 o'clock on- the return to Wash
ington.,-^ .;:\u25a0- - . . '.'•\u25a0
r. The President enjoyed: a. hunting- trip
for* wild iturkeys \u25a0 yesterday."."; The \u25a0'local
ity; selected was on top of >, Green Moun-*
tuin; about; three miles from; Pine' Knob**
lie was accompanied by tPeyton: Scoles"
Jr., r a wellTknowh: : resident 'of r/Albe
marle County. :and by^Mr. "Oniohundrd."
Later ilnl the day; the ..twdltioys^Kefmit
"and ' Archie, 3 ? departed- on"^^a hunting] ..trip'
:in the H neisrhborhood of Keene, :. not "a
'great T d"istance"from'PinejKnobl'"' -
Bank* ' Are to - : Coniiolldate .
; ; NE\V ': .YORK," Dec. • 29.^— The National
Shoe; and; Leather- Bank: and Uhe:Metroi
politan'Bank within : si- few mon ths.^will
beY: merged, /. \ the ; : former \u25a0 -\ losing \u25a0.Vlf its
Identity \u25a0 and becomlncr •a * branch \u25a0 ot \t hw
latter?. ; r --'' r ']''\ ; '-?'\u25a0:\u25a0 :r^';'- : :^^M
BOLD GAME
IS WORKED
BY A THIEF
Lures Man to Room
and Makes Him
Sign Check,
Compels Victim to Read
Written Demand for
7 Large Sum.
Waits Until Paper Is Cashed,
Orders Round of Drinks
and Disappears.;
- SEATTLE, Dec. 29.— Mose Goldsmith,
theatrical' booking: agent and owner of
the Standard Theater of this* city, was
held up in a room of the Lincoln Hotel;
one of the most fashionable hostelries
in Seattle, this afternoon by a ' man
who gave his name as Burke and made
to pay; over, $2750. Itwasone of the
boldest and best planned tricks ever
turned in this city.
; Yesterday. Goldsmith received a tele
phone message from Burke, who stated
that' he had a proposition \o make. A
meeting was arranged in an uptown of
fice. Burke stated. he was ; from; Butte,
Mont., and owned a half interest in the
Miner of that city. He said he 4 had
$18,000 to invest and would like to buy
an interest in Goldsmith's" theatrical
business. He showed what purported
to< be a draft on the Butte Miner for
tlfat amount. Goldsmith said he would
sell him an Interest in his two vaude
ville theaters in { this city for, that
amount. It was agreed: that Goldsmith
should have the papers drawn up ; by
his attorney.': ' \u0084« ;, . l . \u0084:
.vJ.To-day, Goldsmith, received- ;a .tele
phone call from' Burke at • tfie>Uncoln
.Hotel. .-ask in s him- to come up.and.tallt
over the tleal. Goldsmith and \u25a0"ari'jejn-'v
"ploye" named \ Cohen .went up, ; going a
room on the top floor. 7 \u25a0 Thsy 'were rinet
Burke, .who stated' that he .wished
to talk to Goldsmith personally.. Cohen
"went to the officer and; Goldsmith re
mained with Burke. ' The. first thing
the latter did, after Cohen left was to tell
Goldsmith to read a letter lying oh a
table in the room. This letter,, stated
that Burke needed $2760 very badly
and if Goldsmith did not "come
through" with that amount^ his head
would be shot off. - Goldsmith turned to
his companion and looked down the
barrel of a revolver.
WRITES "OUT CHECK.
"Write out a check for the amount,"
commanded. Burke, "and send the hotel
clerk to the bank far the money — $500
in gold and the balance in $100 bills."
Goldsmith did as ho was told and called
up 'Cashier. Lane of. the Scandinavian
Bank to say the check was all right and
pay the same, as directed. The hotel
clerk, F. R. Fleming, was called to the
room, Burke 'keeping Goldsmith covered
and. shielding the gun from Fleming's
sight. After Fleming had gone Burke told
Goldsmith, to order drinks for two, which
he did, and after the clerk returned with
the money he ordered two more, for
which he made Goldsmith pay. Pocketing
the ' money, . Burke informed Goldsmith
that he was a gentleman and shook hands
with him. | He. also said he would not take
Goldsmith's diamonds. He then made
Goldsmith go into the bathroom, . and
warned him to make no outcry for fifteen
minutes. . He then locked the door and
left. After waiting for about ten minutes
Goldsmith began yelling and attracted
the \u25a0 attention :of a woman in the : next
roomi The porter was sent for and Gold
smith was liberated. •
THIEF MAKES ESCAPE. -
The police; were notified immediately
and detectives placed on tbe,<^se. - Gold
smith describes .Burke as being of me
dium height and fairly well ; dressed. His
hair and mustache were jet black and his
eyes light blue, which causes } Goldsmith
to think he was disguised. Two trains on
the Great Northern and Northern Pacific
left - the city at 4 o'clock, ~ and the police
believe Burke'eaughVorie or the other. .
I Cashier Lane of | the' Scandinavian Bank
telegraphed to: Butte and learned that no
such man as Burke had any interest what
ever in the Miner.; Chief Delaney. says it
is the cleverest piece of work In the his
tory of the department.
EVANS TO BE MADE
FIRST VICE ADMIRAL
Bob" May Be
Given New Place in
the Navy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29. — No.l, , George
Dewey;^ No. 2.; "Bob" Evans. .That .is
the. way the admirals of 'the United
.States navy will rank, according \to
the reports ; current at the Brooklyn
navy* yard ' to-day. : .Congress willing,
.'\u25a0Fighting 1 Bob" is to be the - first . of
the -new vice; admirals in the Ameri
can, navy. "
V' Besides; giving Evans an exclusive
flag," it ' is proposed to give • him com
mand of the finest Uot of, battleships
that was ( ever gathered under < Old
Glory..; He probably; will make the new
battleship, Louisiana his flagship ' in
:
The highest position .^in the: navy is
that of "admiral, 'which is held by George'
"Dewey,'' who ) gets $13,000 a" year, :: shore
\u25a0 duty.i6r* sea duty.' A- rear, admiral -gets;
$7500 while . at ; sea and : ?63T5 •\u25a0 oh ' land.'
Itsis said that' the ", new berth will carry.
'&? salary ! of - $ 1 0.000. t A- corps of officers
;/vvHiy; decide, on'a^special uniform 1 fo"r
admiral, : with =. less \u25a0 gold ; braid
"than . th"c • admiral and more" than . a ; rear
admiral. V v . •
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "The Prlnc* and . th«
Pauoer."
ALHAMBRA— "A F4ght for Lore."
CALIFORNIA — "Broadway Galty
Girts." »ttftsllllB»p9wßMtej
-COLUMBIA— "The American Lord."
CHUTES — Vaudeville.
GRAND — 'fMonna Vanra."
ORPHEUM — Vaudeville. \u25a0
TIVOLI — "Orpheus in Hade»."
MAJESTIC— "If 1 Were Kin*."
NEW CENTRAL — "The- Eye Witntss.**
• Matinees at All Theater*.
OFFICIALS OF BURLINGTON
RAILROAD INDICTED FOR
VIOLATING REBATE LAW
FIRST /VICE- PRESIDENT. OF THE >BURUNGTON RAILROAD. " WHO WITH
OTHERS-IS ACCUSED' OF 'GRANTING REBATES ON SHIPMENTS TO A
• BRANCH COMPANY OF THE STEEX, TRUST.
Accused of Granting Special Rates to
Branch Company of the
Steel Trust.
Pneclal ; Dispatch to Tha C»IL
CHICAGO. Dec. 29.— The Federal Grand
Jury to-day returned an indictment
; against the- Chicago. Burlington -and
Quincy Railroad, Darius Miller. Its flrst
vice president, and C. G. Burnham, its
foreign freight agent, on the charge of
granting railroad rebates. The Indictment
charges that' the rebates were all granted
to the United States Steel Products Com
pany of New York, a subsidiary company
to the United States Steel Corporation. All
of the" shipments on which the indictment
alleges rebates were paid were made from
six ; cities— Elwood, Ind., Martin's Ferry,
Ohio, Pittsburg, Pa., Newcastle, Pa.,
Cleveland, Ohio, and Joliet, 111., to Van
couver, 8. . C. Twenty-six separate of
fenses are charged.
The indictment also charges that, by. an
agreement between the defendants and a
number of " connecting railroads ~ a 'Joint
tariff was made and filed with the Inter
state Commerce Commission. The freight
rates were paid, it is declared, . in the
indictment, according to the tariff,- but
afterwards a rebate of about 30 per cent
was allowed to the shippers. In all cases
the "United "States Steel- Products' Com
pany was the recipient of the money, ac
cording to the indictment.
As coon as the indictment' was laid ; be
fore Judge i Bethea in the -United States
Circuit Court, •he fixed bonds of $5000 in
each case,' and • the . officials of £he Bur
lington road . were . . notified^ to . call \u25a0 and
give, ball to; the amount of $15.000, 1 which
they agreed to do without delay.
The greater part, of the evidence 'upon
which "the indictment. was voted is said'
to have been furnished by T. P., Alder of
New York." president of the United States
Steel Products Company; J. I*, Moore, for
eign- traffic agent for the Burlington road,
and G. W. ; Perry, freight claim agent of \
the Great Northern Railroad.
SAVED FROM DEATH
BY BARK OF A DOG
Canine's Yelp Brings Aid: to
Man Being Choked by
OivnCoat.
Special . Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Dec.\ 29.— 0n1y the. barking
qf a dog saved Joseph Patterson of Ritz
ville; Wash., -from being strangled to
death In the collar of 'his own overcoat.
He was driving home, somewhat unsettled
in mind, itis alleged, as a result of his
day's', visit; to 'the 'county seat. Two miles
out* of town: he: stopped; at the home of
William t Birmain and caught hold of a
column to "support himself, t but ' his.^foot
slipped, and : . as i. he fell his overcoat col
lar caught, in a ;. hammock hook. Unable
to recover, '.he ' was ', slowly, strangling to
death when; the Blrmaln dog,- which .had
been aroused by the visitor," set up a fu
rious. barking/ that brought. help. >lt was
some' time before ' Patterson ' recovered,
PRICE "FIVE CENTS.
WEDDING DATE
STILL IN DOUBT
Miss Bnsch and Lieutenant
Scharrer Not Likely to Be
•• Married on New Year's Day
ST. LOUIS." Dec 29.— Announcement waa
made to-day that Lieutenant Eduard
Scharrer of Stuttgart, Germany, and Mils
Wilhelmina Busch. daughter of Adolphus
Busch. the brewer, will fte quietly mar
ried .on New Year's day at the Busch
mansion here. Papa Busch says tno an
nouncement Is premature. "
The announcement cam* as a se
quel to the elopement of / I>t«ut«nant
Scharrer and Miss Busch Wednesday
night to Belleville, in., sixteen mllea
across the river., which was frnstrattd by
the fact that they were unable to seeur»
a marriage license at the late hour. 'and
therefore returned to Mlas Busch's home.
Lieutenant i Scharrer arrived from Oer
many last Saturday, and while stopping;
at a hotel has been a visitor at the Busch
home. He had not seen Miss Busch since
childhood. # pOss|HBBBV|HH
' He is reported to be 23 years old , and
she 21 years. •
The couple probably will spend their
honeymoon: at Mrs. Busch's winter horn*
at Pasadena, Cal.
Adolphus Bunch to-night stated that,
while his daughter was engaged to be
married to Lieutenant Scharrer. tne
announcement that . the weddins . was
to take place next Monday was pre
mature.- He said that while New
Year's day had been mentioned dur
ing a family conference In regard to
the' proposed wcddlnjr no date had
been ! finally decided upon and that the
marriage would probably not take
place until later in the year.
FILIPINOS REQUEST BRTAJT
TO CUAMPIOX THEIR CAVSE
Speakers »t Hnn«.urt filv« In Honor
of 'American Demand the Inde
pendence of the lalanda.;
"MANILA. Dec. 29.— Filipinos , wh* '
spoke at the banauet eiven to Wil-,
liam J. Bryan demanded the imme
diate independence of* the^ islands and^
said they*. were looking to.- him to
champion their cause with the Amerf-'
can people. Bryan, in his 'response,
made no promises, and . -the natives'
were di.-*appointed.' Agrninaldo w?a
amon?r tho^e present. The menu dis
played an American flagr, supported by
an insurgent banner.
Americans here are oleasvd with
Bryan's : conservatism, •2
CHARLES YERKES
CALLED BY DEATH
Traction Magnate Dies
at New York
Hotel.
Wife Goes to Bedside
Just Before the
End.
0 NEW YORK, Dec. 29. — Charles T.
Yerkea, the noted railway financier of
Chicago and London, died to-day in his
apartments at the Waldorf- A6toria
Jlotcl, where he had been ill for more
Hum .-;\ weeks. Yerkes suffered from
« complicalion of diseases, growing out
of a severe cold, which h« contracted In
.London early in the" fall. His condi
tion had been ' critical for ten days past
an* the attending physicians gave up
a.H hope several days ago, although
members of the family clung to the be
lief that the remarkable vitality of
Yerkvs would pull him through. Since
last night the patient had been kept
uJive by strong stimulants.
'Despite statement* said to have come
earlier in the day from Mrs. Charles.
T. Ytrkes. wife of the capitalist, that
the would not go to the Waldorf-As
to'ria, the following official statement
was made, by Dr. Loomis, -who had at
tended Yerkes throughout his illness:
"At the deathbed were Mrs. Charles
T. Ycrkes, his wife; Charles Edward
Yerkes, a son, and his wife; Mrs.
Charles R. Miller, a daughter, and my
self."
°At 11 o'clock Mrs. Yerkes was in
formed by telephone that her husband
was dying- and she relented and went
to the hotel and was present when he
died. This was the first time Mrs.
Yerkes had been at the hotel during- her
husband's illness. Death was peace
ful. Yerkes' residence is at Slxty
tigrhth street and Fifth avenue.
Speyer & Co., the New York banking
llror. which had much to do with the
local financing of Yerkes' affairs, to
day made the following statement:
"The death of Mr. Yerkes is particu
larly s;ad, coming- at a time when his
great work in connection with the Lon
don underground was rapidly ap
proaching completion and important
portions of it were being put in opera
tion.
"Mr. Yerkes 1 failing health had warn
ed him and the bankers associated with
the enterprise that arrangements should
be made for relieving him of a portion
of his work or for completing it and
carrying it out in case of his death.
The arrangements have been perfected
:md will be announced at the proper
time." •
Coincident with Yerkes' death, it was
learned from one of his business asso
ciajes that he had bequeathed to the city
his mansion on Fifth avenue, together
with the great art galleries in connection
with it. the whole to be maintained by
an endowment of J1.000,000. At least three
of the paintings are worth close to $100,000
apiece and many others are almost
equally valuable.
Although the precise terms of Yerkes'
will have not been made known, it is
Mated that provision has been made to
jiroviile for Mrs. Yerkes, in such a man
ner as to cause her to forego her dower
rights of one-third interest in the prop
erty. '-,; • • '
Provision has been made not only for
the maintenance of the collection of
paintings as it stands, but for c steady
increase along lines mapped out by its
founder, the selection of new works of art
to be in the hands of trustees named by
Yerkfts, or to be chosen by his execu
tors.
What will be the disposition of the
53.000.000 to 510,000.000 of which he is be
lieved to have been possessed in addition
to the value of his art objects and his
galleries and home in this city, ha<= not
been made public. _
.YEttKES» SPECTACULAR LIFE.
rH« I4»e« Dorm DlKgrrace to Attain
Oreat Height*.
Charlr-s Tyson Yerkes, of International
fame as a broad financier and strc-et rail
way promoter, was a man of varied and
picturesque experience. He was "born in
Philadelphia, Pa., June 25, 3537. The Yer
kes family was of Dutch origin, the first
settlers of the name coming to America
a few years before the advent of WII-
Jiam Perm's Quaker colony.
Young Yerkes was educated in the
Friends" School and the *high school of
his native city and then began business
life m a clerk In a commission house
without salary, but received $50 as a pres
•^ »eftt at the end of the year for his atten
tion to and activity in the business.
. • In 1553, when just* 22 ye&rs of age. he
•started out for himself, opening a money
and stock brokers office, and three years
o later purchased a banking house. He
made the, negotiation of first-class bonds
his-siKvslfitfy and during the Civil War
Alfred Lilienfeld <&.Go's
5 DAYS' SPFrTAT SAT F
Alfred Lili^iifeld <©» Co.
L 20 land 203 Kearny Street r
At Northwest Gjrner Sutter Su
icth Century, Cipthicrs • High Grade Tailoring Imported Haberdashery
TRACTION MAGNATE OP INTER
NATIONAL FAME WHO DIED
YESTERDAY IN NEW YORK.
did a large and profitable business in na
tional. State and municipal securities.
His close connection with the city
finances, however, was the cause of the
great trouble of his life. He had long
been acting as broker for Marcer, the
City Treasurer, when the- latter was found
to be a defaulter to a large amount. The
two were indicted, tried and convicted.
Yerkes was. fined 5500 and sentenced to
two years and. nine months Imprisonment
This was February 10, 1572. At the end
of seven months, September, 1872, he was
granted full pardon and discharged from
custody.
For several years thereafter nothing
was heard in Philadelphia of the financial
genius and pardoned prisoner. He had
buried himself in the West and, it is said,
had temporarily abandoned the name of
Yerkes until he should recover from the
blow.
The story goes that no one in Philadel
phia heard of Charles T. Yerkes again
until, several years afterward, he ap
peared in Chicago.
He immediately entered the speculative
arena. Everything he touched seemed to
turn to gold. He had made large sums of
money in booming Fargo, N. D., and was
able to make a strong start on coming
to Chicago. -His first large move was to
open -a banking house (1SS1) at La Salic
and Madison streets. '-•"
Ih ISS6 " he began negotiations for the
control of the Chicago street railways
and with the assistance of Chicago capi
talists and some Philadelphia friends soon
obtained control of the Chicago City Rail
way Company, which was reorganized
with himself as president and cables wen.
adopted ss motive power. Two years
later he secured control of the Chicago
West Division Railway Company. He be
came a factor in the Chicago Elerated
Railroad systems in 1837 and formed the
Union Loop Company to provide terminal
facilities for all the roads in the heart of
the city. He then branched out and built
over 250 miles of suburban roads as feed
ers to his several intermural systems.
In 1901 he went to London and became
interested In solving the great problem of
quick and safe passenger transportation
in the world's populous metropolis. This
he did in a way -that astonished the Lon
doncifc, planning and completing in an
incredible short time a vast system of un
derground or "tube" roads.
Mr. Yerkes accumulated a large fortune,
even as fortunes are measured now, but
he was not a money maker only, but a
man of liberal culture and artistic dis
crimination. He was one of the board of
directors of the Columbian Exposition in
1593 and a member of the committee on
fine arts, and to his efforts was largely
due the elaborateness and great success
of the exhibits in that department.
In his New York residence, a palatial
structure costing over $1,000,000, he gath
ered one of the most complete and costly
art collections in America. It is valued
at over 52,000,000.
He gave to the University of Chicago a
telescope costing some $400,000— said to be
THE SAN : F&ANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY^; DECEMBER 30/ 1905.
INVENTOR FACES
THEFT CHARGE
Accused of Steal ing' Jew
elry and Bonds v from a
Woman While Her Guest
G. W. COIINWELL IN JAIL
Valuables Said to Be Worth
Eleven Thousand Dollars
Stolen During- a Party
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Dec. 29.— George!
W. Corn well, until recently treasurer of
the Wheeler & Wilson, Manufacturing'
Company, and an inventor of note, was'
arrested to-day, accused of the theft off
United States bonds and jewelry to the';
value of $11,000. The complainant is Mrs.
Gilbert A. Lumpkin," wife of- Gilbert" A..
Lumpkln, who also was known as Lump
kin A. Gill; of St. Louis, of the firm of
Arnold &: Co., which became involved in
legal difficulties with the Postofflce De
partment because of; alleged "get-rich
quick" methods qi~ doing business.; Corn
well went to jail in default of bail. ,
'\u25a0 The alleged theft occurred on' the night
of January 29 last, and the. location of
the bonds taken at' that time, it is said,;
was determined only a few days 1 ago,;
when, according to the police, . Cornwell;
tried to negotiate one of them.
Mr. and Mrs. Cornwell live upstairs in'
the same apart nient-bouse^as Mrs. Lump-.'
kin. On the night in question Mrs. Lump
kin was entertaining a party of friends,
including the Cornwells. She had placed
the bonds and her jewelry in a case and
hidden it in a bed. During the party the,
case disappeared. It so happened that,
outside the house snow had fallen, , and 1
the police found that no one had left or
entered 'during the hours rof the party."
The recent appearance of one of the miss
ing registered bonds < and . the fact that
Cornwell had been concerned with the ne
gotiation of It led to his arrest.' It is said
that, the, missing jewelry represents all
Mrs. Lumpkin's wealth left after the
wreck of her .husband's business and her
separation from him. ' / ",.
UNITED EMLEOADS
. BOND SUIT ENDED
Decision in Favor of Plain
tiffs Given by New
York Justice.
NEW, YORK, Dec. 20.— Justice Truax in
the State Supreme Court to-day handed
down a decision in favor of the plaintiffs
in the several actions brought by Zim
merman & Forshay of this city against
other firms, involving the alleged failure
of the defendants to deliver to the plain
tiffs certain bonds claimed to have been
issued by the United Railroads of San
Francisco and the United Railways In
vestment Company. Damages amounting
to ?1C,865 were awarded against the de
fendants as follows: 7 Hudson & Co..
$3550: Timmerman, Dahlgren & Co., |10,-
Cl 5; Weaver,' Rabourg & Co., $625; Bunnell
& Buchanan, $300; E. & C. Randolph,
$ISSO.
The question involved was/as .to wheth
er .'or Jioti the bonds', wereiissued on or
prjor to July T, 1902. *,The defendants took
the. ground that the contracts had not
matured because the entire issue of
bonds, amounting to $20,000,000 had, not
been put on the market at the time. Jus
. tico Truax holds that a sufficient number
of bonds were on the market July 7, 1902,
to fill the defendants* contracts and
could be bought in the open market both !
in New York and San Francisco.
An appeal will be taken, as It is claimed
several other large suits,- Involving con
tracts for the ,' delivery of bonds, "when,
if, and as issued," depend upon the final
decision in the present, case.
the largest and finest In the world— which
is located at Lake Geneva, Wis.
Yerkes was twice married, first when he
was a broker m Philadelphia, and again
In 1881, when he had become a power in
Chicago. The first wife, whom he left
behind when he was released from prison
and went West In 1572, he divorced after
making ample provision for her future
comfort. ' His second wife was Miss Ade
laide Moore of Philadelphia, whom he
met In the West before he went to Chi
cago to settle. .
With one exception every one of Yerkes'
predictions for himself came true. His
social success ' In Chicago did not keep
pace with his other conquests. He and
his wife were received' with open arms
abroad and were given much recognition
in New Yoik, but in Chicago theynever
reached the top rung of the social ladder.
It is said that that _was one reason why
Yerkes deserted Chicago for New York.
In June, 1891, he erected in Greenwood
Cemetery, New York, at a cost of $50,000,
a magnificent tomb to receive the remains
of himself and wife on their demise.
REVOLT AT MOSCOW CRUSHED
BY TROOPS OF THE CZAR.
GENERAL STRIKE IS CRUMBLING
Kussian Government. Will Now Give Attention to the
'••£: .Growing Trouble in the Baltic Provinces;
ST.- PETERSBURG, Dec. 29.— The sup
pression of the insurrection at Moscow
and the certainty jthat similar uprisings
elsewhere, will.^be {crushed marked- the
collapse' of. the ' first attempt of the
"Reds" to overthrow the • Government
armies and administers a defeat from
which, it Is > believed'' ifr Government cir
cles, the revolutionaries cannot quickly
recover.' :; ;^ ' '
Now that the smoko of battle'is clear
ing a, way :,the utter hopelessness of the
conflict seems to be apparent. Thepopu- :
lace held aloof and not; a single , military
Unit J actually 'joined the revolutionaries.'
Even' the general 1 strike crumbled under
their feet by their . challenging and pre
cipitating , a conflict \u25a0 before the proleta
riat, organizations, were prepared.
The 'Government, secured a compara
tively easy/though ruwless victory, and;
it is believed "in "high "official circles that
the organizations^ have Deen jso demoral
ized and disrupted by, the blow and by the
arrest of their most-able leaders that it
will ba^impossible, for them to attempt
the coup planned _for the anniversary of
"bloody • Sunday." In desperation, un
doußtedly, the revolutionaries wiir again
have • recourse to acts of terror, which
they spring at the most unexpected mo
ment. ; j ;iUvf£. •
The country has quieted down and the
Cabinet now hopes- that the election of a
Douma is assured; that tne Government
,can devote its time to the«suppression of
the ; revolt in { the , Baltic provfnceß and
more especially to the solution of the
"agrarian question. If means cannot be
found to Jn some measure satisfy the
land hunger of the peasants before spring
the, universal opinion is that the peasants
everywhere will rise. The ' landed pro
prietors seem to be convinced of this to
such. an extent that the landlords in the
neighborhood of .Minsk are calling their
tenants together and are voluntarily ar
ranging the distribution of a portion of
their private holdings upon terms satis
factory to the peasants.
Peter Struve, editor of "the Osvobojdenie
(emancipation), -who has again shifted his
position, publishes a ringing article- this
afternoon, in which he admits the defeat
of the attempt aimed at the overthrow
of the Government. He says the attempt
of course was madness, and was bound
to be extinguished • in blood. Neverthe
less, he allegss, there was a heroic spirit
behind it which should terrify the Gov
ernment. "Another such victory and the
Government Is'lost," says he.
The report that Lieutenant Mistchenko
has been. woutlded is not true.
The League of Leagues has split, one
portion favoring a continuance of •' the
strike and another' the abandonment of
violent tactics and co-operation in peace
ful preparation for the work of the
Douma. "..- .
With the evident object of inflaming
sentiment abroad the revolutionary agents
are putting out a story, to tha effect that
the Government, is deliberately, -plotting
a.'' great ; massacre of. the Jews. ' >These
agents display what purports to be the
text of an appeal by. a rabbi /addressed
to the* Jews to flght against the cross,
which, they declare is, being printed by
the; Ministry of .Marine for distribution
among the ignorant plasses, with the ob
ject of produciisg a' concerted attack. In T
vestigation fails 'to substantiate i
charge that the Government is favoring
any such document. Tnere was a slight
relapse on the I Bourse tQ-day. Imperial
4s were quoted at 80V£.' r..; : ? T "
HEART OP RUSSIA AFLAME.
Revolutionists Are ('aiiNlai; Uisordcr
the Interior .Provinces. ...
ST. PETERSBURG, • Dec. 29.— The
Molva prints an interview with a student
who has arrived here from Moscow, .in
which the student says the horror of the
sights he witnessed: was driving him. in
sane and he was forced to flee.
It seems established that some members
of the fighting organizations; of the Ger
man and other foreign Socialists have
come to Russia to instruct the revolu
tionists in the use of arms, the art of
erecting barricadea and the manufacture
of bombs. ; '>*',vTC:'
Although' -it is now only a question of
time. when the flames of open revolt will
be extinguished, the Moscow revolution
ists have "made good use'of their instruc
tions to start lires elsewhere. " '
; For the first time the provinces east
of Moscow in the heart" of l great Rus
sia are affected. At Zlatoust, a town in
the Government of Oofa, where "a large
Government v. arms factory 13 isuated,
the workmen seem, to be In complete pos
session of the town. They have seized
the works,' hoisted the red flag, have de
clared a republic and all the, authorities
have been made captives and are threat
ened with instant deai.. if troops are sent
to Zlatoust. In addition, the workmen
have organized themselves Into a small
army and daily parade the streets headed
by a band of music playing the "Mar
seillaise." Here, too, German : socialists
have appeared. At Samora, near Nizhni
Novgorod, , also a large manufacturing
town, 20,000 workmen arose and attempted
to march on Nizhni Novgorod, but. were
met by troops with, artillery and were
routed- with, the loss- of several score of
men. • '.' \u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0><: .
• Eventually , the workmen were driven
j back to Samora, where they erected barri
cades which, the artillery have been fir
ing at for two days. The workmen- used
bombs freely at Samora; which is - now
separated from Nizhni Novgorod, but a
rising Is expected at the latter place,'
which has ab0ut. 95,000 Inhabitants. y
At Voronezh, South Russia? the work
men decided ln-favor of ;an, armed rev
olution, but- the authorities ; succeeded
,in arresting eleven" of the ringleaders,
whereupon the revolutionists halted
three trainloail? of sailors of the re
serves, .who -were oorn r their, way to the'
FarJEast. The latter responded to the
iappeals of the ) workmen, promptly
joined them.' marched into the" : town
and aided in the liberation of the' pris
oners... \u25a0" '. -\u25a0 ;•""\u25a0 :\u25a0 " .. V \u25a0 .' - -\u25a0 -:, . \u25a0. \u25a0 )
The Government has intercepted tel
egrams showing .that, the Social : Dem-,
ocrats and Workmen's Council V . havo
arranged for. uprisings • at ' Kieff , Kazan
and Krasnoyarsk and for a general in
surrection In '. Poland, which will be
proclaimed on December SI. .^
H: At \u25a0• Kieff \u25a0['.. and Kazan .the authorities
believe. the movement ; has" D"een". nipped
inUhe bud {by the (arrest ; oC • the ring
leaders and the seizure of arms.; At the
former, place one of 'the leaders : was a
porter- in the'Governor 'General's' house.'
At Riga -the : proclamation \ of. a gen
eral strike was accompunicd;by..anopeh
effort on the: part, of; tht- fighting or
ganization to aeize' the' city.l Barricades
sprang; up onfall the streets fas \lf by
magic and 1 tlghting , between * the"t revor \u25a0
lutionists, gendarmes /and ? police:' has
\u25a0begun.' \u25a0 , . , '-..<\u25a0 '
At .Tamboff, ; Central , Russia, all the
railroads {have • stopped -\ running,' and
Vico Governor.' Bogdanoyitch j- it *. is ; now
confirmed," has . been shot and ' seriously
wounded. - ; . . . -.
; : \The revolutionists , arc said to have
also completed preparations " f 6v a. gen-
eral strike at ZymferopQl. South Rus
sia, anu throughout .the Crimea.
DISARM REVOLUTIONISTS.
Troop s at FUsrn Break Up a Meetinff
/ C'aUert foy the Socialists.
RIGA, Livonia, Dec. 2S, via Eydtkuh
nen. East Prussia. Dec. 29. — There has
been no break in the general strike
here. None of the newspapers ap
peared to-day. The inhabitants are
not molested "by :the 'revolutionists.
Otherwise the situation remains un
changed. :\u25a0..'*\u25a0£,
Several thousand revolutionists as
sembled yesterday at the building of
the Socialist organization for the pur
pose of holding a general meeting,
when, a force: of • troops arrived unex
pectedly. The infantry surrounded the
building, while the cavalry barred the
streets and . quick-firing guns were
placed at the corners of the streets
nearest the hall. After these prepara
tions had been' made the 'commander
of the troops entered the hall with a
company of infantry and announced
to- the revolutionists that they were
surrounded. He asked them to dis
perse, quietly! and ;to give up their
arms, as otherwise! the" building would
be bombarded., Most of the leaders,
however, had already-escaped through
a secret door.*: The ; remainder . de
clared, they had no arms, whereupon
they, were- searched by the soldiers.
Those on whom arms were not -found
were allowed to leave the building,
while 160 were arrested -after being
disarmed. The building was then oc
cupied by the troops.
Cossacks and dragoons are c6n
stantly. galloping through the streets,
dispersing crowds wherever they are
gathered. The dragoons seem to be
furious "and are shooting and striking
everywhere about them. This action
is. probably' in revenge for the treat
ment of their comrades at Takura and
Talsen. . . : : :?.- ;\u25a0:-/.,.
The revolutionaries are posting placards
in five languages ordering the inhabitants
to disarm the police and soldiers and to
barricade the towr The people, how
ever, frequently tear down these placards.
A heavy s now is falling in this district.
It is said that the new Governor Gen
eral with 32.000 additional troops is plan
ning to' uproot the revolutionary move
ment. by surrounding Livonia and Cour
land and driving all the revolutionaries
into a bap-shaped corner" between Riga
and Libau, where they will be anni
hilated, warships cutting off all escape by
sea.
3IEVKII IS A IiAUMKU.
Kml>o**ndor Reporta That Situation In
. : liii.Hxln Is Growlns Desperate.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— Secretary
Root to-dfly. received udvices from Em-.
basssador Meyer at St. Petersburg stat
ing that the situation in.Russia'is be
coming -more desperate. Strikes ap
pear to be breaking out in new places
in. Russia and troops are being dls^
patched to, Moscow.' where the injured
are estimated at 2000. .The Moscow
trouble has continued for_ six. daj*s arid I
is still'in' progress. ~ \u25a0 -\u0084"..
. Atßostoff a meeting of the reyolu- !
tloriists was fired ifpon by an artillery
force. Many were killed and wounded.
; At Kharkov, a collislon'occurred be
tween troops and a .large . body ' ot
laborers. Two hundred were injured.
The shoos -aro closed and business is
suspended. - 1
; Wholesale arrests, are being made at
St. Petersburg, which is quiet except
in the. outskirts of the city, where, in
signitlcant collisions between soldiers
and laborers (ire occurirng constantly.
Cossack General .Mistchenko and
Baron Stackelberg have gone to Mos
cow.
RIOTIXG" AT WARSAW.
Troops Frustrate Attempts, of Strikers
to Ilulld Barricades.
" WARSAW,- Russian Poland. #>cc."29.
Bands of Socialists are parading the
streets here, -striving to enforce the
orders for a general strike. They
compelled the newspaper and insur
ance offices to close, and sent out gangs
of youths, to smas*h the windows of
shops whose owners refused to close
their 'etablishments.
Traffic is much impeded on the Vi
enna Railroad. Only two trains left
Warsaw, station to-day. Military en
gineers are maintaining traffic on the
Alava branch of the Vistula- line.
The chief of the Postal Telegraph
Bureau says that the regular tele
graph service has been resumed. Dur
ing the, lwst- few days 800 Socialists
have been arrested.
.There was some rioting to-day, dur
ing which the tro6ps ; frustrated at
tempts to build barricades.
The majority of the workers refuse
to join the strike.
ASSASSIN COMMITS SUICIDE.
Swallow* Poison After Making Attempt
on Life of Civil Governor.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— A cable dis
patch, to the World from .Moscow,
dated December 28. . says:'
"A boy tried to rffesassinate Baron
Midern, Civil Governor of the city, to-:
day, and failing, committed ; suicide.
"Wearing the Red Cross ; uniform,
the assassin gained admission to the
Baron, and approaching him, drew a
revolver and fired three shots. All
of the bullets missed their mark and
the noise brought- soldiers, secretaries
and servants running.
: . "Without a moment's hesitation and
before any one could seize him the
lad swallowed the liquid in a -small
vial which he had hidden in his
A-soft, fine grained skin
is a valued possession.
;/ Pears': Soap; gives title^to .
; ; Established in 1789. - \u25a0 , ,
'iIABWAVS '-'BEADY- RELIEF :.--. CURES
.••COLDS.? .SOHE TIIROAT. BRONCHITIS.
INFLAMMATipN. ,
clenched hand, fell unconscious and'
died in a few minutes.
QL'IET REIGNS AT MOSCOW.
Streets of City Are Gradually A»sum
ins Xormal Condition*.
MOSCOW, Dec. 29.— The electric
lighting system was restored this' aft
ernoon.. The streets are gradually as
suming their normal condition. It is
probable that the railroads will soon
commence tneir regular schedules.
Work , has been resumed in most of
the factories. The Town Council Is or
ganizing a system for the relief of the
families of the victims of the recent
disturbances.
ItiiNKian Refugees Reach Xfw York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— Twelve hun
dred Russian refugees, 700 of them
Jews, arrived here to-day on the
Hamburg-American steamer Graf Wal
dersee from Hamburg. The ship
brought 200 Hungarians, who will set
tle in the South.-
Etaht Persona Killed by Bomb.
: DIVIN'SK, West Russia, Dec. 29.— A
strike was declared here to-day. Mar
tial law has been proclaimed. By tha
accidental explosion of a bomb at a
meeting 1 of workmen last night eight
persons were killed and twenty-eight
were wounded.
Martial /Lavr Is , Proclaimed.
BERDICIIEFF. Southwest Russia,
Deq.» 29.— Martial law has been announced
here.- .
DEFENSE IS STILL
OFFERING TESTIMONY
Suit Over the Howard Estate
Is Drao-o-ino; Along at
A ; St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, , Dec.. 29-The trend of the
testimony of th e witnesses for the de
fense to-day in the suit of Mrs. Mary
Leafgreen-, who claims to have been mar
ried tcr the late Laclede J. Howard, and
whose estate she is s"uing for $250,000, was
to determine the height of Laclede J.
Howard and the condition of his hair—
whether he was bald, and if so, at what
age._
Mrs. Virginia Lupton, sister of Laclede
J. Howard,, created much amusement
when she said in her testimony:
"I know positively that my brother was
bald in 1881. for I distinctly remember
having rubbed his head to make the hair
grow." The witnesses for the defense in
most part were relatives of Laclede J.
Howard and employes of the Evans-
Howard Pressed Brick Company.
Horace H. Baldwin, witness, for the
plaintiff," testified ' that he was a ticket
agent for the.Wabash at Palmer, 111. In
1881. ho knew Charles Howard, the man
who married . Mary Moore, now. Mrs.
Leafgreen; that"fie" was " j)r<:sftfit'"'when
the deposition of Charles""' Sinief. "the
Tumwater Mayor, was - taken ln s Olympia,
Wash., "and. .that- the" Tumwater" Mayor
was not .the Oman w.hpm £9, Knew.lin. Pal
mer, Mil., 'as, Charles '.Howard... ' \u0084 j
•;' :: t MABLE BEESOX.
Another of Tlie t'nH*<« Special
Staff, lias an Interest ln» Story
00 "The »w Old M«f3tlco»'
IX AEXT SI ; > DAY'S CALL.
NORFOLK..* Va., Dec. 29.«— The"" mammoth
drydook. Dcwey, 1 which left Solomons Island
yesterday on Its long trip "to the Philippines
by way of the Suez- canals passed out ot the
Virginia Capes at 10:30 o'clock to-nigfct.
\y Jk \ V "^lnc beer brewed by The Christian [y^;
f%£\^ ifliMg Mocrlcin Brewing Company, of Cincinnati, if^v*'
I IYmsS *^^\ x^ c old Cincinnati Extra Pale, is the \.T
'l^Sifi i \ There are four reasons— -the £rst of which 4p|jj|'
llN^iiLu -r\ ' iS x^ c rcwcr « x^ c master of the brew — he '
i r^^^^^^A who makes the beer is the secret of the &jj i
P '^^SStS^^ excellence of Moerlcin's beer. - 7/
r ft ( tc nclt s ' c malt rom c k cst ftjL ••
I Mb\J^ b af ky t ' l2lt l^ e g fows , an^ the purest air L^^
I ft and water- — these are the contributors to the best i/#£'
1/ \u25a0 beer — -Mocrlein'e. M^v
j r THE CHRISTIAN MOERLEIN BREWING CO. "A
I (j) CINCINNATI. OHIO ' k^J
jg[ JOHN H.SPOHN CO. (lacorponte^) Piciic Coast A*cat«
ME^ 16-lB*Bo-23ProntSt., Saa Francisco. C*L
p^ Are easily reached by the through train serv-
wm ice of the Chicago, Union Pacific and
|l| North- Western Line. Three daily trains
111 from California points via the most direct
ra| route and over the only double- track railway
0:1 between the Missouri River and Chicago.
1; I Personally Conducted Excursions _^^^^y
piCl in Pullman Tourist sleeping cars through f^^^^^T^
W% tO Chica S° without change. Double j^Zs^Sßpr
|s|i berth only $7.00. Choice of routes. <fffiT*H'l^k
|&'y« Free information, booklets, maps, time schedules sleeping £'^Ll*ll3l>B
Oii J 9 ar reservations, tickets, etc.. on application.
j%|]jf P.cxi!* \u25a0 SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. • <^->-^
INQUIRY INTO
INSURANCE OVER
New York Committee Beaches
End of Hearings and Will
Hold Last Session To-Day
HILL REMAINS AWAY
Former Senator Who Was in
the^Pay of Equitable Says
He Is Too HI to Appear
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— With the ad
journment of the legislative committee
on Insurance investigation to-night the
Inquiry into the last of the old line com
panies was completed. To-morrow the
last of the committee's sessions will be
given over^ to exhibits which have not
been heretofore presented. These are so
numerous that they will not b© read for
the record, but after introduction by the
witnesses will be marked for Identifica
tion.
The examination of the United Statea
Life Insurance Company was completed
to-day, and the Manhattan Life Insur
ance Company was taken up. President
Stokes of the latter company was a wit
ness. The last old life company taken up
was ,the Life Insurance Club of New
York. This company has a system of se
curins Insurance without agents by* means
of advertising. In the examination of it*
president. Robert Wlghtman, it was
brought out that the system is antago
nistic to .the larger companies.
David Bennett HID. former "United
States Senator, has written to the legisla
tive investigation committee, saying, in
answer to a letter requesting that he ap
pear as a witness, that he is ill. Hill
writes that he is In bed part of the time,
and he does not think he ought to make"
so extended a trip as would be necessary
if he testified for at least two weeks to
come. It is on record that Hill received
a $5000 annual retainer from the Equitable
Life Assurance Society for a period of
years.
COURT GIVES LECTURE
TO ALLEGED LUNATIC
Dismisses Charge and Warns
Him Not to Again At
tack Wife.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 20.— The charge of
Insanity made by Claude Church against
Delbert Church, bis father, was dismissed
this morning by Judge A. G. Burnett.
The court read the accused a lecture on,
his conduct. Church I 3 a prominent farm
er residing near Sebastopol. He was
given a terrible beating by his son last
week when he attacked his wife. Drs.
A. G. Herrlck and J. M. Crump, who ex
amined Cuurch, reported that they found
a strain of insanity, but did not belleve
he was insane at the present time. Mrs.
Church and her daughter. Miss Birdie
Church, as well as the son. testified that
Church had insane spells, at which times
he would be very abusive. In dismissing
the charge Judge Burnett warned Church
that he had no right to strike his- wife.
To Cure a Cold In One, Day'/
Take liAXATIVB BROMO Quinine "Tbblet*
Drnsitists refund money If it faila to cure.
E. W. GROVE'S signature is on each box. U3c.*
»Tv Comic Op«rt* <In . ProtltK^f -L
TTTICA, "N. V.. Dec. 20.— "Mexican."..'*
a new comic opera, was produced for
the first time by the Messrs. Shubert at
the Majestic Theater here to-night.
Christie McDonald, Thomas Q. Sea
brooke and Joseph Herbert were prin
cipals in the cast. Raymond Hubbelt
v.-rote the music and Robert B. Smith
the book.
Many a man is 30 crooked that his
measure can ocly be taken with a cork
screw.'DOMINICANS
PREY UPON
AMERICANS
They Squeeze the
b Yankee Sugar
Til i
Planters.
Arbitrarily Exact Big
LSums in Form
of Taxes.
Practice May Cause Senate to
Put an End to the
Protectorate.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— According to
representations that have been made to
the State Department by W. L. Bass and
other American sugar planters in Santo
Domingo, the authorities on the island.
« who have received the sympathy and sup
port cf President Roosevelt to an unusual
• degree, are furnishing additional reasons
to the Senate for smashing the protec
torate.
* There are twelve large sugar planta
tions on the island, representing, it is
•claimed, an investment of $6,000,000, and
. all their product is being held from ex
' port through newly enacted laws and old
" decrees revived, under which they are
being oppressed and threatened with
"financial loss. Recently a decree, of the
Dominican Government was promulgated
and signed by Vice President Caceres in
.the absence of Morales empowering the
Dominican authorities to seize and sell at
' 'public auction any property, real or per
sonal, belonging to any person or corpora
.tion whatsoever within the national do
tiiain upon the simple intimation of a dep
• uty of the Government alleging that the
owner or owners of the property have
• "failed to pay their taxes. There is no di
rect tax upon land or real estate in Santo
• Domingo, and the Government's only
revenue besides the custom houses is that
v.hich is squeezed out of such industries
'as may be able to produce something for
export. Through the changes in the ad
ministration several tax decrees were is
• sued, but not enforced and became dead
I letters, although not repealed.
'. When Morales suddenly found himself
proclaimed provisional President the first
problem, which confronted him was how
to raise money. He was not long In dig
ging up an unrepealed law of the Vas
<iuez and Wos y Gil administrations levy
ing a tax upon the manufacture of sugar,
•and he proceeded to collect this tax upon
all the sugar which had been manufac
• lured, during the previous two admlnis
.tratiens. The planters protested and Mo
. rales showed a disposition to compromise.
•He needed $15,000. and that at once. The
: planters, thinking to settle this. matter of
taxation, agreed "to pay Morales the
amount asked, providing he would decree
' n new law exempting sugar from taxa
tion for a period of twenty years. Mo
rales agreed. The 515,000 was paid and the
decree promulgated exempting sugar from
further taxation for the stated period.
Scarcely had the revolution against
Morales been put down than his Cabinet
proclaimed a new decree imposing a new
tax of 22 cents per hundred weight upon
the exportation of sugar. Later a cargo
of sugar was seized and ihe Government
was forced to repeal the 22-cent tax and
substitute the old tax of 10 cents on the
manufacture of sugar, whether for ex
port cr not. Then the Government is
sued a decree authorizing any Sheriff,
upon the simple notification of a primary
court, to seize the property of a delin
quent taxpayer wherever found and sell
the same to pay the alleged taxes and cx r
pense of seizure and sale, without re
course to law. Thus the entire sugar
<*rop of Santo Domingo is threatened.
\u25a0 The Dominican Government complains
that Bass, whose sugar crop Is held up,
has been active in Dominican politics and
aided' the revolution against Morales.
Mr. Dawson, Minister at Santo Domin
go, telegraphs that the President is still
fighting near Jalma with a small force.
The forces of Jiminez are advancing from
Monte Chr,istl against Santiago. San Do
mingo City is quiet, but apprehensive.
WHITE HOUSE RECEPTIOX
PROGRAMME IS AXXOUXCED
President and Mr«. Roosevelt Will Re
<tlv«*. Assisted by Vice President
and Mr*. Fnirbauki,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29. — Secretary
Loeb Issued to-day the official pro
gramme for President Roosevelt's New
Year's reception at the White House.
For the first time since the death of
Vice President Hobart the Vice Presi
dent will appear at the New Year's
reception. The President and Mrs.
Roosevelt will take places "behind the
line" as a part of the receiving party
headed by Vice President and Mrs.
Fairbanks. In other respects next
Monday's reception will differ only in
minor details from receptions of past
years. The reception will commence
at 11 a. m. with the reception of the
Cabinet and diplomatic corps.
DE2VIES THAT AN ULTIMATUM
HAS BEEN SEVT TO VENEZUELA
Frencb Embaitador Snj-» Only Nego
tiation* Now Pending Are In the
Hands of Mlnlxter Russell.
WASHINGTON. l>cc 29. — M. Jusser
and. the French Embassador, has re»
ceived a djspatch from hfs Govern
ment which, while denying the report
that an ultimatum has been sent to
Venezuela, adds that the only nego
tiations now pending between the two
countries ,are in the hands of Mr. Rus
sell, the American Minister to Caracas,
.md these relate to the withdrawal of
the note concerning M. Talgny, the
French representative, which the lat
ter's Government considered offensive.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
>>n Postmasters \nmrd for California
snd Reserve Agents Approved
for. Bank.
WASHINGTON. Dec 29. — New Cali
fornia postmasters have been appointed
as follows: Buntingvllle, Lassen County,
John E. Jellison; Valencia, Santa Cruz
County. Fred D. Cook.
The National City Bank of New York
and the . Merchants' National Bank of
Los Angeles were to-day approved as
the reserve agents for the First Na
tional Bank of Glendale, Cal.
. \u25a0 \u2666 » '- -;
4 jVerr Year* Ootlns; «t Low Com,
Round-trip ticket* to Paso Kobles Hot
Eprinei 1 7, 20. Bold December 30 and 3L Jan
narv L. Return" limit January 2.' .See -new
bathhouse.. Finest la America. -Cost, f 100,000.
Particulara of Southern Pacific arent.
TEACHER CLOSE THEIR SESSIONS
AFTER FOUR DAYS OF GOOD WORK
Attitude Declared on Many of.
the School Work Problems.
New Educational Ideas Mark
the Great Convention.
The greatest State teachers' convention ever held in Cali
fornia was closed at Berkeley yesterday afternoon. The sessions
have been marked by discussions by noted scholars on new edu
cational methods. Advanced ideas were promulgated in large
measure and the teachers were greatly benefited. The association
will meet next year at Fresno.
"Good-by. I'll meet you next year at
Fresno."
A few hurried words of parting and
the convention of the California Teach
ers' Association, which has been meeting
at Berkeley the past four days,
was brought to a close yesterday^ after
noon. The'flna.l session was one of busi
ness, and was hurried through, so that it
might be closed on schedule time. Next
year the 7000 teachers and others inter
ested in education will gather at Fresno.
The session of the California Teachers'
Association which closed jesterday has
been the most successful meeting in the
history of the organization. Three times
as many teachers as ever before were
gathered at the convention. The Califor
nia Library Association and the State
Farmers' Institute met with the teachers,
to the advantage of all. Prominent men
and women from other States were pres
ent to address the meetings and give to
California the benefits of their experi
ences. Topics of vital import were dis
cussed by those who have made a life
study of "different k'nds of school work,
and new ideas of every sort were promul
gated among the teachers. Demonstra
tions of teachers' methods gave practical
illustrations of the worth of Ideas. All
this and much more was accomplished in
the four days' sessions. It was a conven
tion or" great benefit to the teachers of
California, and in a measure preparatory
to the great National Educational Con
vention, which meets next year in San
Francisco.
DISCUSS SCHOOL PROBLEMS.
The afternoon general session was the
most important meeting of yesterday. A.
E. AVinship, In a powerful speech, pointed
out the value of initiative on the part of
the individual. L. D. Harvey told of the
scope and purpose of an industrial edu
cation in the public school system. At
the close of the session strong resolu
tions declaring the principles of the
Teachers' Association were read and
adopted. These resolutions took up the
present school problems, declared against
the overcrowding of the schools and the
present method of securing textbooks, ap
proved the child labor laws and asked
that the salaries be increased. An inci
dent during the adoption of the resolu
tions was the speech of Miss J..C. Coffee
of San Francisco, who objected to the
word "men." She stood up for the rights
of the. women, as well. . The resolutions
are as follows: .
We. the teachers of California. In the State
Teachers' Association together assembled, do
hereby declare and adopt the following educa
tional principles as expressing the general con
sensus of opinion of the teachers of this State:
We hereby reaffirm our belief that of all the
Institutions making for the unification of our
nation and the improvement of Boclety, the
American free public school holds and must
continue to hold the foremost place, and that
in consequence the future of our democratic in
stitutions in large measure rests with the
teachers in our schools. With this as a funda
mental belief, we hold that It 1b Important
that high standards be maintained for entrance
upon the work of teaching: that from time to
time, as conditions may warrant, standards
should be Increased, and that ultimately no one
should b? allowed to teach in any kind of a
public school who does not possess a liberal
education, and who has not been adequately
and professionally trained for the work of
teaching.
We again express our belief In the wisdom of
eupportlng our schools largely by State and
county taxation and In. the wisdom and Justice
of the apportionment law which secures to
every school district in this State a common
minimum - sum with which to maintain a
school. It Is our belief that one of the chief
reasons why the schools of California are so
good to-day Is that In this State we have
shared the burdens of taxation and have equal
ized the advantages of education, to a greater
degTee than has been done by most other
States.
We believe it to be a sound educational
principle that wherever a teacher is at work
or a child in school, be it in a city, town or
county district, both the teacher and the
child should have the benefit of close, personal,
adequate and professional supervision. The
city teacher and child are properly cared for,
and it is believed by the cities that the small
fraction spent for supervision gives big edu
cational returns on the investment. Our pres
ent system of county supervision Is in most
counties entirely inadequate to meet the needs
of the country school, and, we therefore ex
press our belief that the present movement
looking toward an improvement In our system
of rural school supervision Is a movement
which should meet with the approval of all.
We also bJlieve that, whatever the details of
the system which may be adopted, some ade
quate provision should be made for opening up
rural supervision as a career for men — a ca
reer for which a man might be warranted in
making thorough preparation, and which . h»
might hope to enter wholly on a basis of
merit.
BELIEVE IX FREE EDUCATION.
We believe in a complete and unbroken sys
tem of public education extending from the
earliest school age to and through the State
University free and equally open to every child
in the State. To this end we urge that the
one remaining gap In our system of public
education be filled as soon as possible. We
have free primary and grammar schools
throughout the entire State. Our State Uni
versity Is free and equally open to all. High
School education, though, is only free to those
children who happerf to live In high school
districts, when It ought to/ be free to every
child in even' school district In this State. To
make It so, and to complete our State system
of free public education, we earnestly urge
that legislation be enacted which will require
the school district in which the child lives,
and not the parent, to assume the high school
tuition charge for such children of the district
as wish to secure the advantages of a high
school education.
We believe that the interests of the child,
for whom alone the schools exist, should be
the first consideration in the determination of !
all questions relating to the administration of
our schools. In so far as new legislation tends
to promote the interests .of the child It is
wise legislation; in so tar a* it does not it
is unwise legislation. • BecaugJe of this belief
we favor better salaries for teachers, because
better salaries will not only keep . many tried
and efficient teachers from changing to other
occupations, but would also attract more men
and women of a desirable class, and particu
larly more men, to th<? teaching profession.
We believe in the opening up of school super
vision as a career for men, because this would
retain many of the more promising and pro
gressive teachers In the profession. r •
I We believe that the annual re-election for
all teachers should be abolished and . that
teachers should be retained in their positions
co long as they are competent and profession
, ally alive. To this end we heartily indorse
the puggested legislation proposed In the coun
cil of education, whereby all regularly elected
teachers Fball not be subjected to annual re
flection, but fhall continue: to hold their.posi
tion* continually until they shall be • notified.
In writing, with reasons, ' that the school au
thorities wish to terminate the contract at
th«> close of the school year. \u25a0
We also believe that there should be : some
general provision for decently relieving, from
the work of instruction i the old and faithful
teacher. \u25a0: who has ' devoted • years of service •to
the training of future citizens for the > State;
but who. due, to advancing years. Is no longer
capable of rendering the service which com
munities now demand of teachers. '
We believe that the time has come rwhen at
least eight months of school ought -to be ' re
quired in every school district of this State.
„ We believe in the etrlct enforcement of- the
compulsory education and the child | labor, laws.
We believe that fifty children, are too many
for on" teacher to instruct properly; and. that
«h* number should be reduced to forty, at most.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY^ DECEMBER 30, 1905:
\u25a0w ' ' - » .
w e believe that the great advantages of
manual training instruction, now enjoyed ex
clusively by the children of our cities, should
be extended to the boys and girls of the small
towns of our State.
We believe that - many, of our small rural
schools are lnerficient because o£ isolation,
lack of numbers and too many classes, arid
that, wherever possible, \ a consolidation of
schools with the transportation of pupils would
be greatly in the interests of the better educa
tion of country boys and girls.
URGE HIGHER SALARIES.
j While recognizing the j existence of a short
jape of teachers for the elementary . schools of
this State, we feel that the question is purely
an economic one. which the taxpayers, and
not the teachers, ought to face and solve,
and that the standards for entering the teach
ing profession ought not to be lowered 'in con
sequence. There are two ways of \u25a0 putting
an end to this shortage. One is to lower the
standards and fill the schools with a class
of would-be teachers who are not now. allowed
to enter, our schools, and the other is for
school authorities to increase the yearly salary
of teachers so as to \u25a0 more nearly approximate
the salaries now paid' employes in other
branches of public or private service where
less education, professional training or skill
are required. Of the two solutions we believe
that the latter is the only one that can be
adopted ; with safety to our system of free
Dubllc education. -
We believe that the present method of se
curing textbooks for our schools, while" an
i lmorovemcnt over that of some years asro, is,
| nevertheless, not the best method of attaining
textbooks, and that is unnecessarily costly to
the taxnavere of this State. We believe that
if a committee on publicity were appointed
and this committee were to supply the tax
payers of this State with the real facts as to
the unnecessary cost: of the present system
that the plan of State publication would soon
be done away with and a system of free text
books, with much local option as to adop
tion?, would be substituted in its stead. -
We wish to place on record our appreciation
cf the Joint meeting of the Library Associa
tion of thla State with the teachers of the
State, and in particular our appreciation of th,e
recently inaugurated work of the State .LV
brary in sendine out traveling libraries tq
the small towns and rural communities of this
State. This bejdnnlng should meet | with 1 the
hearty support and co-operation of all teach
ers and school authorities, and the ..library
should be welcomed by the schoolmaster as a
valuable co-ordinate and co-operating institu
tion working for the improvement of educa
t.'cnal and social conditions throughout the
State. We hope soon to see the work extended
to loan 9 of carefully chosen' pictures and lan
tern slides, selected with a view to asalstlns
the work of instruction In our schools.
We look with" much favor on the movement
to provide agricultural Instruction for the
children of our rural communities, and we
hope ultimately to ; see such instruction given
in all of our rural schools. We feel, however,
that the addition of agricultural instruction
as a required part of our county courses of
study, at • the present time, would hardly
Drove to be a valuable addition, and, we
earnestly recommend to the agricultural de
partment of our State University, to our State
Polytechnic School and to our State ; normal
schools that they carefully etudy the ' question
with a view to outlining the kind of work
which ought to be done and to instructing the
teachers as to how to do It. . . = .
W> welcome to this State the National Ed
ucational Association, which is to hold its
next tneetlnr in San Francisco in July, 1 and
we pledge the ; best efforts of the teachers of
this State to make the meeting a large and
a successful one. -
EL.L.WOOD P. CUBBERLBY,
Chairman of the Committee on Resolutions.
PRAISE FOR PRESIDENT BARR.
The following general resolutions
were adopted:
The committee on resolutions, expressing th«
feeling of the teachers in State convention as
sembled, hereby wish to extend our sincere ap
preciation and heartfelt thanks
To our retiring president. Superintendent
James A. Barr, for the extraordinary energy
and ability he has displayed in arranging for
this remarkably successful meeting of this as
sociation. The rare executive skill which he
has displayed In arranging the thousands of
details Incident to a meeting of this kind, the
unusual co-operation he has secured from bod
ies "which have not heretofore met with this as
sociation, and the extraordinary good judg
ment which he has shown In arranging the pro
gramme merit our particular approval.
To the people of Berkeley and to the presi
dent and professors of. the University of Cali
fornia in particular for the generous assistance
and unfailing courtesy which have been shown
to the officers and members of this association.
They have not only set a precedent for others
to follow, but have contributed much toward
making this meeting one long to be remem
bered.
To the press of this State and to the press of
San Francisco, Oakland and Berkeley in par
ticular for the advance notices and for the full
and impartial reports of the proceedings of this
convention, which they have so kindly printed.
We note with particular satisfaction the able
and dignified editorials and the courteous treat
ment extended to the association.
AGREE WITH MERRILL.
A lively meeting of the High School
Association was held in the morning.
The paper read by Principal George
A. Merrill declaring against high
school fraternities and stating that
the evils of football came from the
colleges and not the high schools fur
nished the opportunity for discussion.
High school fraternities were \ con
demned by : nearly all of the \ teachers
and the resolutions offered by Prin
cipal Merrill were made even more
strong by. stating that "It is unwise for
a high school teacher, to accept mem
bership in a student fraternity." Foot
ball was dlso discussed. W. A. Brew
er of StZ Matthew's- School 'said \ that
it was the spirit of the country— the
belief that • success was to win—
caused the trouble in j football. Prin
cipal. Merrill stated that he was not In
favor .jit': football as It Is played to
day, but that a modified game would
be. a" good thing for high school boys.
Interesting; meetings of- nearly
every department were held during
the morning. Miss Lc^s A. Peckham
was re-elected ..' secretary-treasurer of
the Elementary School; Association. . A
cooking demonstration ;by >the 7 pupils
of Miss Louise Bartlett of Oakland was
highly praised; by the teachers .pres
ent .At the meeting , of trie history
department plans for the beautifica
tion of San > Francisco were" discussed
by James D.Phelan. Architect Daniel
Burnham arid others. Last night re
unions ot" many" kinds f were held in
Berkeley and San Francisco.
SCHOOLMASTERS'' CLUB MEETS.
Able Scholars Talk at Occidental Hotel
. After; Banquet. s "
The California Schoolmasters' Club
held its meeting, and banquet last night
in the : banquet-room. of the \ Occidental
Hotel. Nearly v2oomembers_ and many,
guests attended. ) "An elaborate -dinner,
was served and the early : part of ]the
evening: was spent in; good fellowship
and renewing; acquaintanceship." "V J.'.W.
McClymonds of Oakland acted as chair
man of the evening. .;
Most of -the 'business of .the evening
wastdevotedtOGpeechmaklng/and sev
eral important • tppics;deallng;.witn:;th'e
conditions \u25a0of men in profession' of
teaching -v^were : : ably ;'; John
Swett," who holds , ai! foremost.'place \u25a0 in :
the »educational^, life 'of this; State, was
the last; speaker j>f the evening and she
was given \a ? hearty (reception I by,' the
"members of v the club as he took the
FOUR WELI^-KNOWN EDUCATORS WHO HAVE? TAKEN ACTIVE PART IN THE PROCEEDINGS OF THE ANNUAL CONVEX- I
TION OF THE CALIFORNIA TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION, WHICH ADJOURNED YESTERDAY AFTER THREE DAYS OF
IMPORTANT AND INTERESTING WORK.
TAMMANY HALL
IS OVERLOOKED
Mayor McClellan Gives Out
Names of the Men Selected
for Various Commissions
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— Mayor McClellan
to-night announced the appointment of
Brigadier General j Theodore A. Bingham,
U. S. A., retired, as Police Commissioner,
succeeding William McAdoo, who has
held the office through McClellan's first
term. The other appointments to places
in the city I administration Include the
following, who i have heid offices during
the last two years: City Chamberlain,
Patrick H. Keenan; Corporation Counsel,
John J. Delaney;. Commissioner \ of Cor
rections, Francis J. Lantry ; Commission
er of Street Cleaning, John McGraw
Woodbury; Commissioner of Health,
Thomas Darlington; Tenement House
Commissioner, Edmund J. Butler. Other
selections Include the . following: Com
, missioner of Bridges, James W. Steven
son;. Commissioner of Water Supply, Gas
and Electricity, William B. 1 Ellison; Fire
Commissioner, John H. O'Brien. '
John J. Boyle, the sculptor, is appointed
a member of the City Art Commission.
None of the new appointees is known
as an "organization's man, nor is. there a
Tammany Hall district leader among; the
Mayor's selections. :
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— General Theo
dore Alfred Bingham, who has been of
fered the Police " ; Commissionership of
New York City, had the. reputation, when
he was an engineer officer, of belng'one
of the most active men in that corps. He
was born in Connecticut about forty-six
years ago and appointed to "the Military
Academy from New Hampshire Septem
ber 1, 1885. All his active service was in
the Engineer Corps and many of the
most attractive features of the ' public
grounds of Washington owe their inspira
tion and development " to . him; Notable
among these is 'the magnificent driveway
skirting the tidal basin. •
" After being detached from Washington
In 1903, General Bingham's next duty was
the direction of all the , great | river and
harbor works on the lower, lakes section.
It was while engaged In the discharge of
the duties of this office \ that he met with
the accident that ' terminated his active
service and resulted in an amputation of
the limb. • . /:». .
Robbed of Money and' Jewelry.
/•KANSAS : CITY, Dec. , 29.— Byron : R.
White of London, England, who says
he is the son of Sir Thomas R. White,
a member ;: oosf s Parliament, reported to
the Chief of Police here to-day; that he
had been robbed &f money: and jewelry
valued \u25a0at about' ! $5000 on I a Wabash
train somewhere between; Detroit and
Kansas City; on Wednesday night. '
floor. In" the course of his \talk \u25a0he
dwelt, upon the rapid, strides made in;
the past ten years in education through
out the country. -h;, < .r. r ;
: Most "of .the addresses / of thesspeak
ers ; dealt with the J conditions * of \u25a0 public
school • instructors, • especially, as ; to ,; the
inadequacy); -.of ".. .compensation, ' CThV
speakers :, were:; L. D. ? Harvey, ' superin-;
tendent of the Stout (Training schools
of '\u25a0\u25a0; Menominee," T Wls. ; . v A:i E.^ .Winship,'
editor. of the Journal of \u25a0 Education, Bos
ton; {A. v J. r, Pillsbury, secretary iot'ithQ
State Board of Examiners; S.S. Evelyns
fof Riverside, E." E.; Keech of , Santa, Ana,
1 J.' } - W:~ McClymonds iof -^Oakland, ? James
A.r ßarr, Dr.f O. ; Fs Jenkins of Stanford"; 1
Mr.'rFoshay, Superintendent^ of; Schools
of Los Angeles.i and^Dr.,: E.; E. Baker
of 1 Oakland. : . : ;
Sir. \u25a0 Bookkeeper,
Before completing / your, plans " about ; books , for
the ' coming year . let us ' show sryou«our5 r you « our j line.VWe
have" carbon copy bill ledgers.l detachable < loose
leaf ledgers,'. Shaw -Walker, card Index systems,"
calendar i pads. : date ; books, j etc. ' Sanborn, Vail
4 • Co.;t. 741 \u25a0, Market -©treat ; '•"' * ;• •-\u25a0-\u25a0
MORE MIDDIES
TO FACE TRIAL
-. \u25a0 . \u25a0. c* •. . . ..... .
Several Students/ at Naval
Academy Must Answer for
Hazing at the Institution
ANNAPOLIS; Md., Dec, 29.— The second
day's session of the court-martial of Mid
shipman Trenmor Coffin Jr., for the haz
ing of Midshipman Kimbrough, began
this morning. The little courtroom at
the academy was full or spectators during
the day. The first witness on the stand
to-day was Midshipman Overdown Whit
meyer, the room mate of Kimbrough. He
was; introduced .by the prosecution to
refute the testimony reflecting on Kim
brough's truthf ulne&s. He said that he
had never heard Kimbrough' s reputation
for veracity questioned, and that In his
personal relations he had always found
Kimbrough entirely truthful.
E. S. 'Theall opened for the accused.
Lieutenant \ Commander Harrison, the
judge advocate, quoted from Wlnthrop
in military form in regard .to the rules
governing the introduction of evidence as
to a confession. He made no further re
marks,- and -the case was -given to the
oourt.
_ The record in the Coffin case will go to
Admiral Sands for his action, though
Theall, counsel for Coffin, has filed a re
quest that it be forwarded to the Secre
tary of the Navy- for review. In the
same communication he urges that a ver
dict of guilty, if rendered, beset aside;
and .that the navy regulations were dis
regarded by allowing Kimbrough to tes- :
tify when he could not identify the ac
cused.
The faot developed to-day, that In ad
dition to Midshipman Stephen Decatur
Jr., .charged with; hazing, another mem
ber of the graduating class Is under the
same charge and others will be brought
to trial under, like allegations.
Midshipman Decatur was, after a re
cess, brought before the same court which
had tried Midshipman;' Coffin, but his
counsel, E. S. Theall of Washington,
asked that a recess be taken until 2
o'clock to-morrow afternoon, and the re
quest was granted.
The other v midshipman of the graduat
ing * class- against • whom charges of haz
ing have been . filed is Worthwelgh .' Fos
ter of New Albany, ". Ind. The specifica
tions have not been made public.
It iis also understood . that Carroll P.
Graves: of Spokane, Wash.,. Is under ar
rest, and that charges will be filed against
him. Nor is this case the end,. for it is
known that several other members of the
first class have received intimations that
they must answer, to the same charge in
the very near future.
> That the first-class men are, engaged in
hazing, a practice ~ hitherto ; left .to the
third class, is explained on the ground
that ' Admiral Sands' opposition to hazing
ha 3 arrayed the uj>per-class men against
him " tn a desperate ; attempt to save the
system at the academy. The mother men
at . the* institution ' are ', said to have taken
It : upon themselves \u25a0to keep the practice
alive, ' because ' they > thought themselves
less likely to be ; suspected, and ;they are
almost immune from reports by members
1 of their own class.
Opposes Private ' Car Lines.
DES MOINES, lowa, Dec. 29.—- The
Western Fruit Jobbers' Association to
day, adopted strong .resolutions *il de-^
Wanding the - enactment ' of legislation
abolishing private carlines and : point-
Jng, but insufficiency of ' pending
legislation before ;. Congress in this re
spect.: '.[ \u25a0-'...v'"--\ '. \u25a0 :'."' - ':- '\u25a0'\u25a0.'. :
AY.'li.. BROWN
Of The Call's \u25a0 Special Staff of
Writers Contributes nu Inter-
esting Article ;on ' "Worklnsr
to ißevolutionisei Revolutionise - IMiysioloitica!
Theories" /v;. '
IN NEXT I SUNDAY'S CALL.
JEROME SCORES
POLICE FORGE
Says Gambling-Houses and
'Poolrooms in New York
City Are Running Openly
NEW YORK. Dec. 29.— The gam
bling-houses and poolrooms In this
city are a3 wide open to-day as ever,
and that many employes of these
places are given positions by political
leaders as a part of the patronage of
their district was charged by District
Attorney Jerome to-day. There wer»
a large number of poolroom and gam
bling-house cases on the calendar and
Jerome appeared in person as prose
cutor. It was when three men who
had been Indicted for bookmaking In
an Eighth-avenue resort pleaded
guilty that the District Attorney ad
dressed the court.
"These men plead guilty and tell
me they are only employes," said he.
"They are what I term statesmen
criminals. They are put into these
poolrooms by political leaders as a
part of the patronage of their district,
and it is almost impossible to tell
whether they are politicians or crim
inals. ' Poolrooms and gambling-houses
are as numerous as ever. The police
organize a series of false raids, dart
Into houses, wreck furniture, put a
few gentlemen in durance vile and call
It an attempt to get evidence. In this
case I ask your Honor to Impose a
fine of $100 each, wind I say if they
cannot - pay the : backer, of the game
will. If he does not" come forward and
pay. I will bring him here myself In
a manner that will surprise; him."
.Fines of $100- each were Imposed In
several oases. ~ •.- .-; > "
MAX Y CHARTERS TAKEN OUT
IN THE EAST DURING YEAR
IV'evr Corporations Represent , a Total
Capitalisation of More Than Two
Billion Dollars.
NEW YORK. Dec. 29.— Charters tak
en out In Eastern States during: 1905
represent a total capitalization of more
than. two billions, according to figures
made public to-day. The exact figures
are $2,153,334,811. During December
the big companies incorporated totaled
$118,909,100, bringing the total for the
year to $1,674,105,211. compared with
$1,063,242,200 last year and $1,672,
304.000. in 1903. Companies having an"
authorized capitalization of $100,000
and less than $1,000,000 represented a
total for the year of $479,229,600.
ARMY ORDERS.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— The orders
of.; November ..21, relating to Major
Henry I* Riptey, general staff, are re
yoked. Major Ripley will report *to
the commanding general of the Philip
pines 'for duty. . First Lieutenant Gil
bert M. Allen, Nineteenth Infantry, now
at San Francisco, will report to the
commanding general of the Department
of California ' for duty. The orders of
September 11, relating to First Lieuten
ant James I. Mabee,; assistant surgeon,
are amended so as to direct Lieutenant
Mabee to report to the medical super
intendent of the transport service at
San Francisco for duty as , surgeon of
the transport Sheridan during the next
voyage to Manila. ..The orders of No
vember 8,~ relating" to Captain Henry S.
Greenleaf,. assistant surgeon. are
amended to direct Captain \u25a0 Greenleaf to
duty as. surgeon of the transport Sher-j
man*; during; its next voyage to" Manila.
Joy Morton Now. Out of Dancer.
\u25a0•OMAHA. Dec. ,29.— Reports are, that
Joy/ Morton, who was bqdly hurt last
Wednesday by. a "falls from %a horse, is
how; practically, out of danger, his con
dition < having 'greatly . improved within
the past twenty-four hours- •
FAIR VISITOR
WINS HUSBAND
Wife of Gotham LaTvyer Asks
for Divorce, Alleging That
Her Spouse Is Too Fickle
HE LOVES OTHER WOMEN
Disgusted Matron Asserts
She Saw Young Damsel Sit
ting on Her "Hubby's*- Lap
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO. Dec. 29.— Because her husband
preferred to hold a younger woman on
his lap, bestow his affections on her and
neglect hla home and family to be with
other married women, Mrs. Mary .White
has asked for a separation from Henry
White, a prominent lawyer of New York.
Suit for divorce was filed with the County
Clerk yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. White were married in
Morristown, N. J., in April. ISS4. and un
til 1597 lived happily, but after that time,
the complaint charges, White began to
bestow his affections on a young girl
who was visiting at the White home. Mrs.
White alleges that her husband caressed
this young girl, held her on his lap in her
presence and at times would hold her
hand. Furthermore. Mrs. White fileges
that in 1900. while visiting at the seashore,
her husband became enamored of a young
married woman and that in addition to
paying her marked attention In the pres
ence of his wife would take long strolls
with her, his actions* being such as to
cause much gossip among the guests.
LEAVES FORTUNE
FOR CARE OF PETS
Actress Wills $15,000 to
Friend to Look After
Animals.
NEW YORK. Dec. 29. — The fact that
Cecilia Wolsey. who was formerly a
performer on the vaudeville stage un
der the name of Lillian Western, be
queathed 513.000 for the care of her
dog. parrot and a cage oZ love
birds became known to-day, when her
will was filed. -Miss Wolsey tlied a week*
ago. HarrietftrE. Gates, a friend of the
dead woman, is charged with the care
of the animals, and Miss Wolsey's
will provides that she shall have the
use of the $15,000 for that purpose.
After the death of Mrs. Gates, the will
stipulates, the remainder of the money
shall go to the American Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
to caro for Miss Wolsey's pets if they
outlive Mrs. Gates, and. if not. to care
for other homeless animals.
Miss Wolsey was a "musical spe
cialist' on the vaudeville stage. an<i
retired from it a year ago, having only
her pet 3 as companions.
GOLDK\ STATE LIMITED
WRECKED XKAU El* PASO
El. PASO. Tex.. Dec. 29.— The Roclt
Island Railroad's Golden State Limited
was derailed early this morning forty
miles north of "El Paso. Officials of th<s
company report that no one was injured
in the accident. The entire train left
the track, but the coaches remained
upright. Previous to this accident the
train had been decayed twenty-four
hours by snow.
HUNTINGTON. Ind.. Dec. 29.— 8y the
derailing of an engine attached to a
freight train on the Chicago and Erie
Railroad near Disco Hill to-day En
gineer John J. O'Brien of Kouts. Fire
man C U. Oliver of this place and
Lemuel Fisher, brakeman. of Rochester,
Ind., were killed and fifteen cars were
piled up. The wreck caught fire. Only
the body of Engineer O'Brien has been
recovered.
The train was composed of refrig
erator cars, loaded with meat, and was
running aa a special.
Alleged Wire Tappers Arrested.
NEW YORK. Dec. 29. — Considerable
excitement was caused this afternoon
by a spectacular raid by Centril office
detectives on the headquarters of a
gang of alleged wire tapping swindlers
In a double parlor apartment of a hotel
on Broadway, near Twenty-seventh
street. The raiding party took sixteen
prisoners at the point of revolvers and
seized a quantity of racing parapher
nalia, a telephone with a dry battery
connection and cards announcing the
New Orleans racing entries.
A Christmas present — a
year of Everybody's for your
friends — $1.50. Send.it to
us or to your dealer.
1 906 is going to be a bad
year for grafters and bosses.
Everybody's is helping to
make it so with its masterly
fact-stories.
The fact-stories aren't all
on the dark side. Russell's
"Soldiers of the Common
Good" is pointing the way
to a better and happier life.
Everybody's is for every-
body — not all serious. The
fiction stories contain the
very best of American fun
and story- writing ability.
•Everybody's Magazine. 15 cents
$1.59 a year
Special representatives waated for Everybody* •
Magazine In towns wHor» ther» ax* bo dealers.
Get
IK- Graves*
Tooth Powder.
Use it twice-a-day and you will
have) white teeth, _ hard gums,
clean mouth, pure breath, good
digestion and good health. Just
ask your dentist about it.
In handy metal cans or bottles, 33c.
Dr- Craves' Tooth Powder Co,
34
REAL ESTATE MAKES STRONG
ADVANCES DURING YEAR 1905
Thomas Mag.cc & oons Issue Circular bhowing
Great Gains Over Last Season's Sales.
Business and Residence Portions of City Indicate
Growth and Promise for Investors.
Interesting figures from the advance sheets of Thomas Magee & Sons' Real
Estate Circular show that the market has been very active during all of h; year
1905. The sales were almost three times as many as those of 1900. Residence and
business portions alike show great advances and promise for investors.
The following summary of real estate
transactions for 1905 Is from advance
• heets of the San Francisco Real Estate
Circular, published by Thomas Magee &
Sons:
"There were 9504 sales of San Fran
cisco real estate recorded in 1905 for a
'total %>l $74,392,540. The highest pre
'Yious yearly totals of sales were the
figures for 1903, $47,710,157. The in
crease is therefore $26,682,383. or an
Increase of 56 per cent over the 1903
totals, 64 per cent over the totals for
I*o4 and 57 per cent over the totals
for ISO 2. As a means of comparison
with previous years we herewith ap
pend the figures for the last six years:
•• * YEAR. No. sales. Amount.
a»00 .". 3259 $18.527,511
l»ol 4^(51 29.147.a09
H1412 6513 47,3»«,512
l'AtS &K»5 47,710,157
JSH4 7073 45.SlM.0tjS
1905 SSOI 74,332,540
"The high level reached in the years
fnO2, 1&03 and 1904. when the yearly
«iiles averaged $47,000,000. plainly and
"forcibly marked the beginning of a
new era in San Francisco real estate,
not t nly for a higher level of prices,
but for an increasing volume of busi
ness. That the high level reached by
the real estate business done in 1902,
ISO 3 and 1904 marked th«. beginning of
an era of greater growth and appre
ciation in values in San Francisco real
estate Is very clearly indicated by an
increase during 1905 of over 56 per
cent over the figures of 1902, 1903 and
1904. The number of sales recorded is
the largest by 2500 ever known.
"It is usual to chronicle the event of
the year in this review, but the re
markable fact that the immense total
of $74,392,540 has been reached with
practically no large sales to swell the
totals is in itself the event of events
of this year or any other year of San
Francisco's history. The feature of
the year has been the prices paid for
Market-street property. The investing
public has come to believe that not
only is there nothing better than Mar
ket street for permanent investment,
but it has apparently reached the
conclusion that there is nothing as
good even at the advancing prices paid
during the year. There were twenty
five transactions recorded on Market
street, between East and Gough, during
the past year, amounting to $5,559, 5Uu,
at prices varying from $1000 a front
foot to $10,000 a foot, the highest price
ever paid for any* property in this city.
The largest single sale. was that of the
Ede property to James D. Phelan, on
the north side of Market street. «Ast
of Stockton, 76:11 on Market by an
average deptu of 100 feet, for 5700,000.
IMI»OnTA3TT. SALES.
"The sale of the Bankers' Investment
Company property on the north side of
Market street, 97:6 west of Kearny, 4S feet
s 5 inches front on Market by average
depth of 100 feet to Geary street in rear,
ior $500,000 was next in importance. This
Is the highest priced property ever sold
in San Francisco, approximating $10,000 a
front foot, or $100 a square foot. The sale
of the gore property, northwest corner
Market and East streets, together with
the northwest corner East and Commer
cial, from the Frank estate to the Cowell
estate, for $500,000 completes the list of
salts of $500,000 and over for the year.
When it is remembered that in 1904 three
sales, $2,600,000. $1,151,000 and $1,000,000, were
recorded. It will be appreciated how gen
eral the activity has been In 1905 with no
sales In excess of the three sales men
tioned above of $700,000, $500,000 and $500,000.
A large increase in each section of the
city has occurred, and this demonstrates
beyond a doubt that the movement in real
estate has been well distributed over all
the sections of the city. The monthly
sales are given herewith:
j
MONTH. (No. saleg. Amount.
Januarr 1?- CM $2,935,125
February O4C 4.075,442
March T»* 4,5*50. «75
April «m 4. 850.618
May 7«U 6,745.028
June 792 6,911.395
July 751 6,875.38.1
Augvtt Sl7 6.431,176
t^ptember '. S7O 7.202.320
October »s*s 7,410,105
November »52 9.323,312
December 837 7.6&1.981
Totals 8504 $74.392.540
FIFTY-VARA SECTION.
"The business done in this section in
creased $i,135,45i> in 1905 over the figures
for 1904. This is an increase, of 52 per
crnt, and the number of transaction^ also
Increased ' slightly. With the * sales on
Market street mentioned above of $700,000,
$500,000 and $300 </ 008. which were aUJn the
60-vara section, there was also the sale on
the north side of Market street, east of
Turk. 56 feet 5 inches on Market street by
average depth of 64 feet with "L" 23 by
71. out -to Mason street, which sold for'
5355.000 and resold for $410.«KK>; the north-,
nest corner of Market "and Battery
streets. 42:15 fret on Market by average
depth of 1#) feet for $275,000; the north side
of Market street, 202 feet east of Golden
Gate avenue, 25 feet on Market street by
average" dfpth of IGS feet to Turk 6treet
In rear for $200,000; north side of Market
f treet, E3 feet east of Mason, 29:3 feet
on Market street hy average depth of 60
frrt.'~for 5147.&X1. Space only forbids our
isioliiding forty-five other important sales
in thte section between $100,000 and $400,000
each. The sales cpuoted show the charac
ter and magnitude of the business done
in this section and indicate no special
preference for any particular part of this
section. The northerly portions of Mont
gomery and Sansome streets have wit
nessed considerable activity. The sales in
the 50-vara section were €S0 In number
' Htid amounted to $23,761,346 as against 53J
Fales Jn 1904 with a total of $15.fi23.458.
LARGE VARA SECTIONS. .
"The sales made In the 100-vara section
v.f re SO" in number, and amounted to
?15.416,791, an ii.crease of over $11,000,000,
es compared with the figures of 1304, and
over $8,000,000 over the figures for . 1903.
and Is the greatest increase of any sec
tion in the city. This section witnessed
unusual activity on Mission street and on
portions of Howard street, as well as on
Eart, Second, Third, Fourth. . Fifth and
£ixth streets. In the first half of this year,
while in the last half of the year the
purchases by the Southern Pacific Rail
road and tee Western Pacific Railroad
In acquiring lands in this section for de
pot and warehouse purposes, as well as
the purchases by the Ocean Shore Rail
road of a terminal site on Mission street,
between Eleventh and Twelfth, have been
the signal for renewed activity in the
southerly and westerly portions of this
section. This latter corporation is the
only one of its kind which is controlled
entirely by local capital. Its efforts in
giving increased facilities to the traveling
public for reaching the heart of the city
are appreciated, and it Is hoped that the
action of the gentlemen who formed this
corporation will stimulates and encourage
others to develop the other resources of
our city and its adjacent country.
"Important sales were, of course, those
made on the south side of Market street,
in this section, and are as follows: South
side Market, east of Fourth. $306,000; south
side Market, west of Sixth, >i 60,000; Bouth
side Market, west of Sixth, $125,000; same
resold, $152,000; same resold, $160,000; soutn
side Market, west of Second, $150,000;
south side Market, east of Main, $125,000;
south corner Market and First, $120,000.
Saies of importance on other streets in
this section were: North corner • Third
and Jessie, $323,000; south side Mission,
west of First, $250,000; resold for $275,000;
west corner Third and Natoma, $220,000;
resold, $240,000; south side Mission, east of
Fourth, $210,000; resold, $221,000; north cor
ner Fourth and Howard, $200,000; west side
East, south of Market, $190,000; west side
Fourth, south of Mission, $165,000; east
corner Third and Sherwood, $160,000; north
corner Fourth and Natoma. $150,000; east
corner Seventh and Harrison, $150,000;
south side Mission, west of Fourth, $127,
000; south corner Mission and Third, $125,
000; west side East, south of Market,
$105,000; resold, $120,000; west corner Mis
sion and Seventh, $115,000; east side Sixth,
south of Stevenson, $100,00u.
WESTERN ADDITION* ACTIVE.
"There were 1661 sales made in the
Western Addition, amounting to $16,349,
844. This shows an increase of $2,751,763
over the figures of 1904, an increase of 20
per cent. The sales in this section have
been well distributed, the usual totals
being due partly to sales In the business
portions of euch streets as Van Ness,
Polk, McAllister and Hayes, as well as
the usual number in ' the residence sec
tion.
"The sales in the Mission district were
2125 in number and amounted to $8,897,-
S3, an increase of over $3,500,000 over 1904
figures, or an increase of over 60 per
cent. Sales were well distributed, and
the monthly totals have been uniformly
large. The important sales besides the
two blocks at Eighteenth, Nineteenth
and Dolores, sold to the city for a park
for $151,350 and $140,000, were: South side
Market, west of Twelfth, $135,000; corner
Ninth and Howard, $130,000; corner Mar
ket and Brady. $85,000; resold, $95,000; cor
ner Ninth and Folsom, $57,000; west side
Ninth, north of Howard, $55,000; corner
Ninth and Harrison, $55,000: corner Mis
sion and Tenth. $35,000; east side Tenth,
north of Mission, $75,000, and corner Va
lencia and Fifteenth, $35,000.
"Three thousand one hundred and
eighty-four sales were recorded in
outside lands and homesteads, amount
ing to $5,601,015. an . increase of
$1,849,535 over 1904 figures, or 50
per cent. The event of the year
in this section was the purchase
by a strong syndicate of about fifty
blocks ranging from Nineteenth ave
nue to the ocean and from I street
south, the largest single purchase be
ing twenty-one full blocks and por
tions of thirty-six blocks between
Twenty-fourth and Thirty-seventh
avenues, R and W streets, for $280,000.
The Parkside Syndicate, taking hold
of this property and opening it up,
intends to spend whatever is neces
sary to put the large properties pur
chased by them in first-class shape for
Immediate sale. The advent of a
branch of the Ocean Shore Railroad
into a portion of this section should,
when completed, have a very bene
ficial effect on values there.
"The building operations amounted
to $20,096,758, as against $16,916,118
for 1904. This is an increase of $3,
180,640 over 1904,, or nearly 20 per
cent.
OUTLOOK FOR 1006.
"Notwithstanding the realization of
many of our hopes for the year 1905
and the grand total of $74,392,540 for
the year, as indicated in these col
umns, there is room for the belief that
1906 will far exceed the totals for
1905. Compared with other cities as
to population, bank clearings and
building operations, San Francisco's
figures show no larger a percentage of
increase in the volume of real estate
business and no i larger a volume 6f
actual' business done thaji ''any of the
large Eastern cities. While' in •pre
vious years we enjoyed a y moderate
growth, we have only now begun to
show,' not' what our possibilities are
for the future, but by a leap and
bound into an increase of 50 per cent
in one year over figures of $47,000,000.
maintained for three successive years,'
hav<? demonstrated 1 that the -business
done in real estate in 1905 is only on
a par with that of the larger cities of
the country, in -proportion to popula
tion, bank clearings and building op
erations. In other, words. San Fran
cisco has only reached a point in its
growth by rapid strides in the last
four years which it would have
reached had our growth been uni
form during the la^ fifteen years. To
be sure, this growth Is more notice
able, coming, as it has In the last few
years. While during 1904, consider
ing f.he city as a whole, prices had
not advanced materially, they have
done so during 1905.
"Those In touch with the real estate
market have been asked during th«
last year if there was not undue In
flation in the real estate market. - A
fair answer to this ; question would
be. that in» times of prosperity * like
the present, a small degree of specu
lation is bound ,to creep in. A fair
statement would be that 85 to 90 per
cent of our' volume of business is due
to growth and merit, while 10 to 15
per cent might be considered duo to
speculation and a~ discount of our fu
ture." A careful study of the mort
gages in connection with the real es
tate sales , will ahow that I while the
real estate sales amounted to $74.
392,540 for. the year the .mortgages, all
owing for the remaking of many old
mortgages, Indicates: that our. real es-
THE SAN FRANCISCO- GALL, SATURDAY;TDE(^MBER^3O, 1905.
tate purchases, taken as a whole, are
being made on the- basis of two-thirds
cash and a third mortgage. As long
as a condition such as this exists no
talk of real, estate purchases being on
anything but a sound basis can have
any foundation Jn fact."
NEW YOKK BUILDERS
DEFEAT COAST FIRMS
Union Iron Works and Se
attle Concern Lose Chance
to Construct Liner.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
SEATTLE, Dec, 29.— The New York
Steamship Company probably will build
the Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
new passenger steamer to be placed on
the run between /San Francisco and Seat
tle some time in 1907. At a meeting of the
board of directors held in New York the
contract will definitely be. let, but there
is little chance that it will go to any
other firm than the New York one. Of
the six bids submitted that of the New
York firm was the lowest and was most
acceptable. Two Pacific Coast firms and
four Atlantic Coast firms submitted bids
en the work. Moran Bros, of this city
and the Union Iron Works of San Fran
cisco were the two Pacific Coast firms.
The New York Shipbuilding Company
offered to deliver the boat cheaper and
quicker than the coast companies. The
cost of the new steamship will run be
tween $750,000 and $800,000. The amount of
the bids Is purposely withheld by Vice
President Ford. The New York firm of
fered to have the vessel completed in
twelve months. The Union Iron Works
wanted eighteen months.
Priest Saved by Children.
PORTLAND, Dec. 29.— 1n a fire which
partially destroyed St. Michael's Ital
ian Catholic Church at an early hour
this morning Father Alexander CasteJli
was badly burned about the head,
shoulders and back. : He Was rescued
from what would have been certain
death by two children, who; discovered
the fire. The ;flre is supposed to have
been started by e &. live ! coal; from the
fireplace In the room.
MAIN BULLY HILL. MINE } --
IS SCENE OF RICH} STRIKE
Ore of Hijch Grade In Met With at
the Eight Hundred-Foot
REDDING, Dec. 29.— An unexpected
ly large and high grade body of ore
was opened up on the 800rfoot level of
the main Bully Hill mine yesterday.
The ore Is very high grade, being sec
ond in rank only to the high-grade
character of the first rock removed,
namely the ore that gave this mine it 3
great reputation. Recent extensive ex
plorations on the 700-foot level show
the. ore body at that depth to be
second only to the showing on -the
800-foot level. The ore body shows a
width of sixteen feet. J
MARGARET SAJVGSTER
TalkM to Girls
IX NEXT SUNDAY'S CAL.L,. j
EXTREMELY COLD WEATHER
KELT IN SHASTA COUNTY
Heavy Fall of Snow In Kedtling nnd
Thermometer in Weaverville
Records 18 Decrees.
REDDING, Dec. 29.— The cold snap of
the last two days has been the most
severe ever felt in Northern California.
Snow has fallen in great quantities in
the mountains and in Redding there
was a heavy snowfall yesterday, with
frost and ice last night. Indications
point to more snow'" to-night. At
Weaverville the mercury dropped below
18 degrees last nigl«t and six inches of
snow fell. Cattle are suffering severely
and stockmen will lose heavily. .
Woman and Girl . Die in Flames.
TILLAMOOK, Or., Dec. 29.— Mrs.
Hembree, wife of A. Hembree, and their
daughter, Ora, about 17 years of age,
were burned to death early to-day at
San x^ake. Their house caught fire and
all .got out but Mrs. Hembree 'and her
daughter, who, wishing, to recover some
of their effects, returned 'to the build
ing and the roof fell in upon them.
Wonld-Be Murderer Takes Life.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 1 29.-^Andrew. 1 Nich
ols, aged 67. a 'Greek, this, af tampon
committed j suicide | after an. unsuccess
ful attempt to kill, his -wife.,, Nichols
had been suffering from various. physi
cal ailments,, for. a long-time and .was
despondent.'. \u0084-, \ \u25a0. : »;. .•:>•••..\u25a0-
| ; ; . : THE;: GENUINE' '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 t 'J> ' 'I
I Natural F5; » J,i
.11 «• W Avoids
Alkaline /-M: imitations r
Water Jm \u25a0
Imporltd only MW^fk AnalyBi » made
I in bottles |§*fegsSra- b y Frailer& Co.
j likt this S3T- sth Avc. N.Y.,
I A . Sz—^f*^ «how§ Syphon
| foraSPdiioX. ~^^^
i \u25a0rialnefrom *'VICHT c: ' Croton water
Impaired SZSS ed with
Digestion j|§£Al
Dyspepsia Ss^SS^P
: Co t Ss~*ggajygg Th* ttnaint is
_. , fUZlrxiffl nevtr told in
Rheamiism , yphont
Ask Your/ Physician - • '
BLAZE DESTROYS
REDDING STORES
Flames Spread With Great
Rapidity and With Diffi
culty Are at Last Subdued
FlR.tr" FEW MONTHS AGO
Damage Suit for Libel in
Court as Eesult of the
Con^agration of Last May
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Dec. 29.— One of the most
disastrous fires that has occurred in Red
ding in ten years took place at 2:12 o'clock
this morning. . In a space of three hours
flames destroyed the stores of the Cheno
weth-Moore Company and William Kes
ler. The fire started in the rear of the
building," which is owned by Mrs. Anna
O'Neil. The loss of the Chenoweth-Moore
Company is $22,000, Kesler's $7900 and Mrs.
O"Neil $2000. ; ' \u0084
The Chenoweth-Moore store was in
sured for $14,000, Kesler for $7900 and Mrs.
O'Nell for $-1000.
On May 25 last a fire broke out in the
same building and partly ruined the
stocks of both stores. At that time Mrs.
O'Neil, owner of the building, made state
ments to the effect that Z. Chenoweth,
member of the Chenoweth-Moore firm,
had set fire to the building,. and for mak
ing this statement she is now defendant
In a libel suit for $25,000. m
The fire last : night was In one of the
most prominent blocks in the city, and
for a time it looked as if the whole block
was doomed. The heroic" work;. of the
firemen prevented the flames from spread-
Ing to adjoining buildings. J ; : ', j
AWFUL HALLUCINATION
OF AN INSANE MAN
Imagines His -Two Wives Are
• Talking to Him at
Once.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 29.— 1t was
an open question when James Artega
was brought to the County Hospital this
morning whether he had the delirium
tremens or was crazy. . He was brought
In from . Hesperia, j where I he . owns \u25a0 and
manages a small winery. Artega Is 1 en
tertaining an awful" hallucination. > 'He
has been married twice and he imagines
his . two wives are talking to hlm, : one
commanding one ear and one the other.
He tries to' induce them to stop,' but their
tongues wag on. The flesh under one of
his ears is torn. He must, have been
making strenuous efforts to deaden the
sound of one of those raucous voices.
Through the hours of his torment he
keeps calling out in Spanish: "Take them
away, take them away."
HUNTERS' HEAR CRIES
IN NICK OF TIME
Petalumans in Danger of
Drowning Rescued by Fel
? low Sportsmen.
Special Dlfciuilcn to The Call.
PETALUMA, Dei-. 29.— 5. G. Arnold,
his son.'F.H. .Arnold, and Harry Slith,
an employe of ahe . Petaluma and Santa
Hosa electric railway, had a narrow
escape from drowrting .in Petaluma
Itlver last Thursday. They left Peta
luma in a small hunting, boat to hunt
for ducks in the marsh below town.
Tho tide was low and in some way the
boat was cupsized. throwing the occu
pants into the water. .All were ham
pered with heavy hunting suits and
rubber boots, and none but F. H. Arnold
could Hwim. The slimy, waters near the
banks prevented their making the
shore. Their cries for help brought
other hunters to their rescue. The trio
was taken from the water when about
thoroughly exhausted.
CALIFORNIANS CLAIM
$200,000,000 ESTATE
Three Riverside People As
sert They Are Heirs of
Fortune in Holland.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RIVT^RSIDE, Dec 29.— Riverside Is to
the front with three heirs who : lay
claim to a' portion of the.Metzger mil
lions which for, 200 years have lain in
tho national treasury of Holland. The
claimants are G. S. Metzger. of Colton
avenue and Harry -Metzger., and . Mrs.
Otto Fritz of Kansas avenue. As the
Metzgur estate is valued at $200,000,000
and the heirs are estimated hot to ex
ceed 2('00 persons, the individual share
would amount to \ the handsome sum of
$1 00,000. Eastern heirs have formed an
association to fight for their; claims,
which, . it is said, the' Dutch Govern
ment admits are valid. "
MEXICANS PURSUE AMERICAN
METHODS TO WIN STRIKE
"Cholos*? In Employ of Gnu Company
( Font Pickets und Win Over Men
Sent by Agency.
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 29.— At
noon to-day the humble cholos in the
employ 'of the San \u25a0 Bernardino Gas
Company refused; to go; to work unless
their, wages were raised to $2 a day.
They have be*en getting $1 70; but this
is too low a figure,'- they\ claim. '\u25a0: The
company denied their request and sent
word to an employment agency to fur
nish more men with all expedition.
More cholos came, but-wlthr arrival of
each new man the! pickets posted by
tberstrlking employes won them over.
Fifteen or twenty men-have \been sent
to the scene of the strike, but the re
sult has been the same \u25a0In every case,
the force of the strikers has been aug
mented each time. It is • planned ; nowl
to smuggle .men past ; the ; : pickets in
buggies ; and then * force . the ' strikers to
keep away. ;•. .
LIKENS MURDEROUS INDIAX; I
TO DOG HERO OF' A NOVEL
Attorney Declares . ; Half-Breed Who
Shot Chinese Answered "Call
~bt the Wild."
SAN, BERNARDINO. / Dec. 29.— Louis
Napoleon '•; Bellamy, ; a' half-breed Indian,
well-; educated ;: and! ; reared iby ; ; arpromi
nentj pioneer"; family ?of this olty.'^was
convicted*; --\ of - -'assault V with 5 a*': deadly,
/weapon : by a* jury t to-day, and \u25a0 sentenced
to two'; years' tn prison. ;}jlh] making 'his
argument, the;District a Attorney. f likened
Bellamy.' toj Jack /London's dog; hero In
\u25a0"Th,e ;Call, of the Wild." ; He^saidC the
savage \ spirit;; of rßellamy's/ ancestors
quickened the /Indian's 'blood I: at!, intei>i
vals ; and^at; suchi times \u25a0 he ; thirsted 1 for
"blood.^lt was during one'of ,. these spells'
'that Ihe' ! shot three ;:; times » at ? ; an? inof-"
f ensive ; Chinese; plowing! in ; a vegetable
garden... 'One 'shot (struck i the! plowman
in the sl&£ '•?\u25a0''/;':]'; -J';.'^V-v' : -V." ; l^ '\u25a0\u25a0 *\u25a0 " : ; ; .v. ; \u25a0
PLACER MINES TO GAIN
MILLIONS IN PLATINUM
Director Walcott Reports on
Sands Rich in Metal.
THIS STATE'S VALUES ARE HIGH
Within two years,- so Charles D. Wal
eott, director . of the United States Geo
logical Survey, has Just reported, the in
vestigation of the black sands of the Pa
cific Coast will lead to an addition of
from $2,000,000 *to $5,000,000 to the output
of the placer gold mines of the West. In
addition to this. Dirctor Waleott predicts
that an adequate supply of "platinum and
the allied metals, osmium- and lridlum,
wiil.be insured, j and valuable industries
will ; be developed in \u25a0 many / points in the
West to* handle the by-products which
have been determined, definitely, to be
in-the sands of the coast. •
Those are the first official estimates
that have been made of the value of very
interesting experiments that, have- been
proceeding for some months.'; : They are
embodied in'a report to the .Secretary of
the Interior; in , which an appropriation
of $25,000 to continue the investigation into
the black sands is recommended.
Without such appropriation the experi
mental work- comes to -an abrupt end.
Director Waleott writes that' the plant is
idle, but is kept in readiness, , so that it
may be started in a day after notice has
been received to proceed. \u25a0 The sum of
$25,000 is reported to be sufficient to have
the • experiment continue until next June.
This new addition to the wealth of the
country would be distributed over every
State and Territory west of the Missouri
River and the processes, according to the
director of the Geological Survey, "will
be equally valuable to the placer mines
of the v south and to many undeveloped
placer regions jin Wisconsin, Minnesota
and other Lake States."
EASY OF EXTRACTION.
Up to dafe samples of black sands
from more than 2000 localities have been
examined. Still more than one-third
of * the mining .localities have been
represented in the tests that have beeD
made. It has "been determined that from
95 to 98 per cent of the gold and platinum
in the .'black, sands can be easily ex
tracted, simply by concentration on tables
of certain types. Sands of sea beaches
and' the heavy sands - from sluice boxes
proved to be -in the best . possible condi
tion for separation on tables.
: . /Director Waleott enumerates among the
substances that have been found. in the
sands of this coast, in addition to gold
and platinum, the ..following: Chrome
iron ore,, for the manufacture of paints;
chrome steel and bichromate of potash;
monazite and zircon, for the manufacture
of incandescent gas and electric lights;
magnetic ore,' for the manufacture of
steel; tantallta and columbite, which have
become very valuable in electric lighting,
and corundum, quicksilver, tin ore and
garnet.
Platinum has been found in many local
ities where its presence was not suspect
ed. The majority of tne specimens corr
tained gold In appreciable amount, which
It had- previously been supposed to be
impossible; "to extract, either because the
gold was finely divided or because/ it was
coated with iron oxide or other materials
which prevent amalgamation. The divi
sion was easily accomplished. -
"It was: found in the experiments," so
writes. Director Waleott, "that much
larger supplies of ' high-grade magnetic
iron could , be"; made Valuable easily by
concehtratlon from the sands of the Pa
cific Coast beaches and from waste mag
v.etlc. iron ore : from the sluices of placer
mines. This addition of wealth would be
great, if suitable means for smelting ]
these sands could be found." - •'
- The fact has already been published,
but is restated In this connection as a
matter of interest, considering the great
stake that the Pacific Coast has in the
subject, of coast iron and steel, "that,
with the co-operation of the Portland
Chamber of Commerce, an electric
smelter was built from materials obtained
principally on the spot, and steel of good
quality was made directly from the ore,
with as high, an efficiency as eighteen
pounds of steel . per horsepower day, an
efficiency equal to the best electric smelt
ing practice in foreign countries, where
such processes have become established."
VALUES IN CALIFORNIA.
An interesting part of Director Walcott's
report deals with the values of platinum
that were discovered in the course of the
blaqk sand experiments In many locali
ties. The values credited to this State,
per ton of concentrated sands, range from
2 cents to $1934 IS. The statement of values
in California is condensed here as fol
lows: .
Platinum values per ton of concentrated sand
in Chico, $5 40; Magalia, 30 cents; Mokelumne
Hill, 2 cents; Crescent City, 4 cents; Smith
River, 54. cents; South fork of Smith River,
$618 31; Wilson Creek, 2 cents; China Flat,
Humboldt County, $177 08; Orland. $6 87;
Michigan Bluff, 34 cents; Genesee, 6 cents;
Sawyers » Bar. $2 80: Oak Bar, 64 cents; Kla
math River, $2 40; Callahan, $7 C 2; Hornbrook.
18 cents; Happy Camp, $50 til; Cecilville,
$ 2 01; Trinity Center. 23 cents; Burnt Ranch,
$13 09; Big Bar," $3 75;" Junction City,
$1934 18; Hawkins Bar, $4 05.
The value per ton in platinum in Oregon
ran very low, according, to the showing
made by Director Waleott, who credits 15
cents a ton to the town of Denmark and
6 cents a ton to Pistol River Beach, In
Curry County. Platinum has been found
frequently at Orovllle in dredging opera
tions. At Stone Lagoon, In Humboldt
County, this State, platinum was found
in commercially -appreciable quantities. !
The Santa Barbara . beach and Sawyers!
Bar, in Sisklyou County, are promising
districts.. At North Fork, Trinity Coun
ty, the supply Is reported to be ; plentiful.
Incidentally .* some information is im
parted by the Director of Geological Sur
vey! that may be of assistance to any one
who intends to search . for platinum. The
metal' is "-.'" easily., distinguishable by its
great welght-rln panning. It remains be
hind even gold* in -the pan: by its white
color— it:is* whiter than lead, and is dis
tinguished from j amalgam by its smooth
V : \u25a0 ADVERTISEMENTS. '
7^Y HE HAMBURG - AMERICAN
LINE begs to announce that
'thcy-^
passenger offices at 401 California
Street, San Franciscof on Jan. 1,
1906, vnder the management of
Mr; Henry F.Dorgeloh:
December, 1905. '.jgsj
surface, whereas the surface of amal
gam as seen under a good glass Is rough:
by Its ressitance to nitric acid, as com
pared with native silver or lead. Native
platinum is usually very Impure. Occa
sionally It contains so much iron, chro
mite and (other Impurities as to bo dark
in color and not easily distinguished from
grains of chromlte, with which it is fre
quently associated. It often contains irl
dlsomlne, which occurs as flat, angular
scales, while platinum scales .are usually
rounded like gold dust. Generally, reports
Director "Waleott, platinum grains art
smaller than gold grains. Large nuggets
are very rare.
SMELTER SITE TROUBLE.
The Redding Searchlight reports that
the site selected for the Balaklala smelt
er has been taken up by San Francisco,
Oakland and other,, parties. Locations
have been made. It is alleged, on top of
those of the Balaklala company. Two
quarter-sections were located. The Search
light publishes the following story:
The lbcaters are A. Soderllne of Bodle, A.'
M. Reynolds and M. A. Hlckox of Redding.
Addlnita Jacobs, Nathan Jacobs, Frank Ja
cobs. C. S. Farquar, Mabel Scott. F. W. Lake.
J. B. Richmond and C. Z. Tracey of San
Francisco, and John D. Ackerman, Portia
Ackerman and Zoe Ackerman of Oakland.
The San Francisco and Oakland contingent
claim that they are not Jumpers, In the sense
in which that word is used. They located
ground that was open to location only since
November 20. the date the land was thrown
open to entry, they maintain. The locations
mada on November 5, - before the land was
thrown open .to . entry, . are , void, according to
their contention. « .
But there is another side to the story. It
is held that a mineral claim can be located on
Government land at any time.' a military res
ervation excepted. Thus, a mining; claim can
be staked out within a forest reservation at
any time. The land that was an Indian allot
ment up to November 3 became Government
land on that day because the allotment was
then canceled. The two, quarter sections
could I be located as mineral grounds at once,
and they were so located on November 5 by
the Balaklala interests. The quarter sections
could not be filed upon as homesteads, though,
until November 20, when they were thrown
open to public entry. . >
Two furnaces jat Kennett are reported
to be treating from 500 to 600 tons of ore
a day. An additional furnace will soon
be In operation.
According to. the Folsom Telegraph the
Xatoma vineyard, pf 2CO acres, a few
miles below Folsom, is again under bond
to a company and may be dredged. The
prospecting is proceeding systematically.
Last year a winery on the ranch w^s re
built at a cost of $75,000. The company
having the bond will decide on or before
May 1 whether the property shall be pur
chased for dredging.
Dredge mining will be resumed on the
Bear River. Two machines will be con
structed. The. pit for the first dredger
has been dug.
The Plumas Star rpports that a big
strike has been made 'a. Genesee and that
a twenty-foot ledge has been discovered
by Los Angeles parties.
The Indian Creek mining property. In
Trinity County, has been bought by Dr.
Fields. ~<^iZi'--?.
»vr Year's at Del Monte.
After the storm th# weather Is beautiful: at
Del Monte, and the golf links were ' never
greener. Why not enjoy your New Year's
holiday there ?r Round-trip tickets, jfood return
ing Tuesday. Including -four days" accommoda
tions at the hotel, 'slB. Throusrh parlor car
on 'train leaving Third and Townsend - streets
at 3 v. m. . •
AFFIRM AND REVERSE ORDER '
' MADE BY THE LOWER COURT
Appellate Judges Render Declalon Af
feetiny: Opinion of Jurist Wbo
Heard Damage Salt.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 29.— The Appel
late Court to-day rendered an import
ant decision in the case of the Boca
and Loyal ton. Railroad vs. the Nevada,
California and Oregon Railroad, in
which the court affirms the decision of
the trial court in granting a new trial
on the east crossing, but reverses the
trial court in granting a new trial on
the west crossing. It appears that
damages were awarded the plaintiff be
cause the track of the defendant had
crossed their right of way in two
places. A new trial was granted on
the ground that the original and
amended incorporation papers of the
plaintiff did not provide for condemna
tion proceedings. The Appellate Court
holds that the trial court erred as re
garding the amended articles.
NOT QUITE AS BACKWARD
AS HER ANCESTOR, MILES
Descendant of Stnndish, the Purl
tan, Will Wed on New
• Year's Day. '
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 29. — Mi so Leah
Barrows, the youngest daughter of Su
pervisor J, "W. Barrows and a lineal de
scendant of \u25a0 Miles Standlsh, will be led
to the altar Monday evening by Frank
L. Hoyt. ." The wedding will occur at
the Baptist church and Rev. Leander
Turneywill officiate. The bride-to-be
is a striking blonde and a very charm
ing girl. Hoyt is the Junior member of
the firm of Hoyt Bros., prominent con
tractors and builders of this county.
ILLINOIS GIRL CAPTURES
BAPTIST DIVINE'S HEART
Engnjrrment or a. Recently Ordatne«l
v Prtaluinnn to Minn Annie Lone
< ..... I* Announced.
PETALUMA, ' Dec. 29.— The engage
ment is announced of Rev. Charles
Garth, recently ordained a minister of
the Baptist church at Napa, and Miss
Annie. Long of Barrington. 111. The
young people met while both were stu
dents at the Chicago University. Mr.
.Garth is a son of John Garth, a pioneer
resident of Petaluma. ,
FINDS A MINER
DEAD IN CREEK
Body of Well-to-Do Grass
Valley Prospector Is Dis
covered After Long Search
MUEDEE IS SUSPECTED
Ghastly Wound in Back of
Van Hoeters Neck Grim
Evidence of a Foul Crime
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
GRASS VALLEY, Dec. 23. — Robert
Van Hoeter, a well-to-do prospector,
who had lived in this city for the last
forty years, was murdered in cold blood
at his cabin' near Rough and Ready,
about six miles from here, within the
last few days. He was missed from
his accustomed haunts and a few
friends called at his cabin. They found
the door unlocked, food upon bis table
and his keys in the door. They com
menced to search, but a snowstorm
compelled them to give it up. This
morning Sheriff Walker, City Marshal
Daniel Deeble and twelve others went
to the cabin to institute a search. They
had been out only about five minutes
when William Rule, a friend of the
dead man, shouted to his companions
that he had found the miner's body.
Van Hoeter was lying face upward la
a creek. In the back of his neck was
a large hole, evidently made by a shot
gun, and In the right shoulder was an
other gunshot wound. A short distance
from the body was found a beer check
on a local saloon and a few sliver coin 3.
upon which were bloody finger prints.
The dead man had trouble with hla
neighbors ovar the land he was work
ing, which was reported to be quite
rich. It Is also reported that Van
Hoeter had just made a clean-up from
his sluice boxes and that the murder
was done for the purpose of robbery.
Dennis Donovan, one of Van Hoeter'3
neighbors at Dead Mans Flat, was ar
rested by the Sheriff to-night and 13
being closely questioned concerning hi 3
trouble** with the murdered man. Van
Hoeter owned several pieces of real
estate, two or three mining! claims and
a large block of stock in a Placer
County mine.
Mr. Retail Merchant.
You will need for the comlae year printing.
We ware never better nreuared to do> It cor
rectly! Letter heads, billheads, envelope*, cir
culars, stationery that has character. »dyer-
Ualn* matter. Let us tltpir« with you. San
born, Vail A Co. 741 Market street.- s - • :
SALOONMAFS DEATH
ADDS TO MYSTERY
Liquor Dealer, Whose Wife
Was Poisoned, Dies From
Effects of Same Drug.
PORTLAND. Dec. 29.— The body of Kas
par Van Dran, until recently a saloon
keeper In this city, was found to-day In
his room in a downtown hotel. He had
committed suicide by swallowing cyanide
of potassium. "Van Dran left a. note in
which he blamed a former rival saloon
keeper, Joe Young, for his troubles. An
unusual story is attached to the two men
and their families, involving the attempt
of Youns to kill Kaspar Van Dr&n and
the death later of Mrs. Van Dran from
cyanide poisoning, administered by per
sons ' unknown to the authorities. Last
summer Van Dran was shot and seriously
injured by Young for alleged interference
in the domestic life of the Youngs. It
was while Young was out of Jail under
bond for shooting Van Dran that Mrs.
Van Dran was poisoned by drinking gin
ger ale poisoned with cyanide. Mrs. Van
Dran died almost instantly.
A bartender named Chase, who had
been in Young's employ and who later
went to work for Van Dran during his
convalescence from the injuries inflicted
by the bullets from Young's pistol, was
arrested In San Francisco on suspicion or
having killed Mrs. Van Dran and was re
turned . here 'for examination, but was
never put on the stand. There was not
sufficient evidence to hold him. Later
Young was tried for shooting Van Dran.
convicted and sentenced to ten years' im
prlsonnient in the penitentiary.
'I haTs safferod with pll«s for thirty-nix yean
One year ago last April I besan taking Cascarets
(or constipation. In the course of a week 1 notice.!
the piles beevt to disappear aad at the end of six
weeks they did not trouble me at all. Cascarets
hare done wonders for me. I am entirely eared and
JEsei like a new man." Gaorgo Krydor. Napolaoa, O-
CANDY CATHARTIC
. Pl»»s*nt. Palatable. Potent, Taste Good. Do Hood.
Merer Sicken. Weaken or Gripo. lOe. ISc. \u25a0•»<?. Vvtvt
sold In balk. Ths cenolne tablet stamped CC C.
guaranteed to core or your money back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 593
IHNUAL SALE, TEH MiUJOM BOXES
BKBk CHICMCSTCII'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
F-r7«L>N»ArE. »l'»M r«IU!>!«. Ladles M «Dr«?i«
£M ?fc^L * f CHICHiISTEK'S ENOLISU
faQ^&Z&h »a KEI» »4 «.1J n>«.:Uc b»i« <^-*^
*fcv — -'18-* »U» *la» rt&b»«. Takemaatlier. S»fc««
"W *<» *X"i I>««cer«a« H«b.Utatlo«» tm* la*lt»
I" / ~ fif Uom. Bar of jmr DrigjUt. *r •«» * 4«. 1a
! W- Jr sum an- Partlaaian. Teattaraalala
l« fP "4 "X tiler for \.MA\r*.\u0094 Irtlw. »r r*.
v\ * P tar* Mail. l».OOOT«aa«i»i« S«J »y
— f an Dri«uu. Cktehaatsr €\u25a0•— test C«,
MsMlam tkls pa»«r. M.iiw. Nun. FUXLA~ FA.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful anhrodlstac and Soeclal
Tonic lor the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tho
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
\u25a0' NABER, ALFS ft BRUNS. A*ent«.
323 Market «t.. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
BL&r FAYGRJTE
pSGRIPTION
_ FOW WEAK WOMEN,
Sj&^pb&A MM AM D WOMB.
Cm Big 0 far oaaatnrai
jGsVbilt»l<in\9 al«shar»tt.ln3aanna:iaa*,
IfSpU GunntMd n Irriuttans or nlc»r»:lav,
S*»lf '• ««iot»r*. of mueoas m«mbran«Ul
S^« rniMtiruiMta. PAin;«s«, and sot a«tri»
tfaTiITHStMNSCHEMiCAICJ. <*at or yoicoaous
irCSA CJSa»WTI.B^T3I Sola hy Z>ru»l«U
l^^k. *»•** ZksT-** •»\u25a0* *» ***** mapwtv
' CMB»ZHLs#i jBI & •xfttm vrvpaltL. n«
X\jg3 31.00. • > la«tU«>«S.7a.THUGS BEAT,
GAG AND ROB
NIGHT CLERK
Lure Aged Frederick Bruns
to Room by Seeking Lodg
ing and Then Turn on Him
With Murderous Bludgeon
DEADLY GAS LEFT
POUKIXG FRO3I JET
.Victim Manages to Crawl to
Hallway, After Reviving;
in Time to Save Himself
From Being Asphyxiated
Frederick Bruns, 60 years of age and a
eight clerk In a lodging-house at 835
Kearny street, was brutally beaten,
gagged and robbed by two men at 10
o'clock last night. The robbers lured
Bruns to a room which they expressed a
„ desire to" occupy, then wielded a bludgeon
and when the old man lay unconscious
Ptook from his pockets all he possessed
end made their escape. The gas jets in
the room were turned fully on. When
Bruns returned to consciousness he de
tected the odor, and managed to release
a gag from his mouth and call for help.
Had be remained ui»conscious a few mo
ments longer he would have been asphyx
iated. The crime was committed within
& block from the Hall of Justice.
According to the story Bruns told Officer
James Ward, who was first to arrive on
the scene, two young men entered the
office of the lodging-house and applied
for lodgings. They requested that they
be shown to their room, and Bruns led
tbe way to an Inner room on the third
floor. When the three were in the apart
ment Bruns turned on the gas and was
In tlie act of lighting it when he was
Struck from behind with a blunt instru
ment. The force of the blow rendered
rTim unconscious and he fell to the floor.
the robbers searched his
~ pockets and took S3 In coin. They then
* "eerured towels and bound their victim
JLind and foot. That there might be no pos
*™bility of an outcry the thugs took the
•"'precaution to tie a towel around Bruns'
tfead and over his mouth.
About an hour after the assault Bruns
recovered consciousness. He realized his
c *ppsltion, and after a .severe struggle suc
ceeded In uncovering his mouth. Gradu
a3l>' he worked his way to the door, and,
.. xrtth his limbs still bound, managed to
get into the hallway. There he shouted
, for*helr». Richard Kennon, a lodger, re
spnnded, and soon Bruns was able to tell
his stcry.
\u25a0 Patrolman Ward made an immediate
investigation, and Detectives Matheson
and Mulcahy were detailed on the case.
Up until a late hour this morning no
;'i clue as to the perpetrators had been
gained. Bruns was in such an excited
condition that he was unable to give any
„ definite description of the men he es
* corted to the room.
A few \u25a0weeks ago a Elmilar crime was
perpetrated on a night clerk in a Third
8 street hoteL The method of luring the
« qlerk. to a room by asking for lodging
and* having him conduct the criminals to
it is a new one in San Francisco, and
the ease with which it can be worked
successfully is giving the police grave
concern.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
SETTLES "WITH STATE. — City Treasurer
SJcDougald leJt yesterday for Sacramento to
make the city's •ettlement with the State.
< The balance due the State ls $1,945,242 45, of
. which 5707.41" 02 was retained for the State's
: »X'»ortionment to the local school fund.
PUILOLOGISTS CLO^E MEETING.— The
< Philological Association of the Pacific Coast
j fcrourht ite seventh annual meeting to a close
Tltfsterday with th* reading of several interest
ing and learned papers.
" * SNELL HELD TO ANSWER.— United State*
_• Commissioner Heacock yesterday held Ernest
i * Snell to answer on two charges of larceny on
the high eeas. Snell tras a waiter on the
steatnship Ventura and ls accused of having
\ ctolea a gold ring and three tappas from pas
sengers.
. CHARGED "WITH FAILURE TO PROVIDE.
. Warrants Trere issued yesterday by Police
- Judge Mogan for the arrest of August Tasch-'
\u0084 cer. 160 Fourteenth street, and Robert Jef
• trz.es, 632 Xatoma street, on charges of failure'
. to -provide. Mrs. Taschner said her husband
\u0084 parables and dissipates all of his earnings, and
-, Sirs. JeCraag altered her hueband wasted hia
tnoney on Manor.
"•WOMAN TAKES HIS MONET.— Oscar El
« brajr, 1051 Mission street, reported to the po
. lice yesterday that he met a woman early
•« yesterday morning who took him to a room
* o .at 19* a Turk street. A» soon as they entered
c the room she excused herself for a minute
, end left, Sr>« did not return, and then he
that she had taken a $20 rold
piece from his Durxc.
*o BASEBALL FOR CHARITT.— To-morrow
c efternoon at 2 o'clock the carpenters and n lll
xnen will play a game of baseball at Recita
tion Park. Eirhth and Harrison streets, -.he
proceeds to b« given to John Beatty of the
Mlllmen's Union, who has been' Hl for some
months. "Joe" Corbett and "Jack" Sheridan
will umoirt- and Justice of the Peace Lawson
•will b« official ncorer.
PRESIDENT ETUBBS TO SPEAK.—Presi
dent J. E. Stubbs of the University of Nevada
will be the speaker at the opening of the win
ter term of the educational department at the
Young Men's Christian Association auditorium
next Tuesday evening. Mr. Stubbs will speak
on "The New Year Character; Purpose and
Mastery of It." The lecture will be free to
both men and women.
STRIKES WOMAN ON FACE.— Lillian
Meredith of 225 Ellis street obtained a war
.\u2666\u25ba\u25a0ant from Police Judge Cabanlss yesterday
'„' Afternoon for the arrest of "John Doe" Lew,
a Jockey, on a charge of battery. She aald
she was entering Pratt & Tierney'a saloon on
Mason street -with her pet dog when Lew met
her and without any provocation struck her
a violent blow en the face that made the blood
flow. . . . . j
TRIES jTO BREAK INTO STORE. — John
Baclcralupi was arrested by Policeman W. W.
* Lambert on Thursday night and locked up
In the City Prison. Simi & Calden, who con
duct a fruit. store and grocery at Mont~om
ery avenue and Greenwich etreet. informed
Lambert that Bacigalupl tried to break into
the Btore on Wednesday night- After his ar
rest neither Simi nor Calden would 6wear to
a. complaint charging him with attempt to
commit bundary.
BROTHER WILL CLAIM BODY. — Chief
Dinan received a dispatch yesterday from Al
lan H. Weils. Sistenllle. W. Va., stating that
be had Just h^ard of the death of Paul Wells
and artcine that the body be held till the ar
rival of hi» brother, who had left for this
city. The Coroner was notified. Paul Wells
committfd suicide on Thursday morning in
his room at 523 K#arny street rather than face
the ordeal of a trial for stealing $100 worth
of Jewrlry from a Chinese bazaar.
POKEGAMA CASE SETTLED.— The long
ctandir.g litigation between the Pekegama
Sugar Pine dumber Company «nd therk la math
Ri\er .Lumber and Improvement Company was
ended yesterday in the United States Circuit
Court by a dismissal on motion of E. S. Pille
burj*, announced that the matters In issue
had been «wttled out of court. The attorneys
for the complainant were E. S. Pillsbury, J.
f. Farraher and F. D. Madison, and for lh«
rcrjiondfiit Ewnnon &,6chlesingcr and Glllis &
•* Tappscott. The case was an action in eject
m ment and a suit for damages for forcible entry
of complainants' sawmill and timber land
property in the northern part of the State.
AUGUSTA PRESCOTT,
k-;Tbe \\OT\A-Yamoun /. Authority
iVmi PaxhioiiK. SpcakM of Alice
Iloo*eveU and Mrs. John Jacob
A»tor Setting the Styles for
IiKMJ
IS SEXT SLXDAY'S CALL.
LABOR COUNCIL
HONORS FRENCH
President of Organization
Is Given Handsome Set of
Cutlery by His Associates
XEW OFFICERS ELECTED
Unions All Over the City
Name the Men Who Will
Have Charge of Affairs
The popularity of President Will J.
French of the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil was fully demonstrated last night,
when the members of the council at the
regular weekly meeting presented him
with a case of solid silver table cutlery
as a reminder of their best wishes for
himself and his bride. The knives, in
addition to their value in sterling silver,
are decorated with the choicest of ivory,
the set being incased In a neat box cov
ered with scarlet plush and lined with
white silk. The token is engraved ,on a
solid silver plate, with the date, Decem
ber 31, 1305.
A vote of thanks was given to Secre
tary William P. McCabe for the manner
in which he arrested Patrick Grant, for
whom a warrant was issued four years
ago for grand larceny in withholding
something like $1100, which had been col
lected by him during Lie strike of the
Ironworkers' Helpers' Union in 1901. It
was paid that Grant haa left the State,
taking with him the money. McCabe met
him yesterday on Market street and
placed him under arrest.
The council signified its intention of
prosecuting the defaulting secretary.
A circular letter was received from
Secretary Frank Morrison of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor branding one
P. H. Scullin as a grafter in representing
himself as a member of the "National
Peace Association," and collecting money
irem Chinese as a sort of peace offering,
saying the union labor bodies would give
them an equal show in earning a living.
The Drug Clerks' Union will hold its
annual gathering at Pioneer Hall next
Monday evening. The* following notice
has been issued; "No. 4. Date, Jan. 1,
1906.— Directions: Take between 10 a. m.
and 10 p. m. a sufficient quantity of the
good cheer furnished, with the hearty
welcome and best wishes of the associa
tion. Dr. Joyful. Filled by C. B. Whil
den, president; checked. by W. W. Seay,
G. M. Sutherland, A. B. O'Neill, F. H.
Gay, F. Driscoll, A. Hoag. Contents
guaranteed. No substitution."
The various unions have been busy
electing officers for the ensuing term
of six months. The following men
were elected to represent the various
bodies:
Cooks 1 Local No. 44— iTcstdent, Chris N.
Borree; vice president, H. 13. Myers; secretary,
Emanuel Johnson; treasurer. Louis G. Allen;
lneide guard, Henry Querin; outside guard,
George g. Porter; business agent, Charles A.
H. Smith; trustees — Julius Seltner, Thomas
Marshall and Harry Meyers; delegates to Laboi
Council— Julius Selmer, Charles A. H. Smith.
Chris N. Borree, Andrew Sottero. Frank Holt
and T. Marshall. A resolution was adopted in
flicting: a fine of $2 50 on any member found
patronizing a Chinese or Japanese place of
business. '.'. • - . . :• •»• •
Golden Gate Auxiliary. Painters' Union No.
19 — President, F. Carney; vice president. E.
M. O'Connor; recording secretary, E. Decot:
financial secretary, G. Duffy; sentinel, C.
Strauss; conductor, C. Derorio; tru-tce, F.
Cooney.
Pie Bakera' Local Union No. 274— President,
E. Sherbaum; vice president, Henry Schmidt:
recording secretary, William Ferbert; financial
secretary, Andrew Mecke; treasurer, Thomas
Wilson; sergeant at arms, P. Plnke.
Marble Cutters' Union — President, John E.
McDougald; vice president, Thomas Allen; re
cording secretary. Edward T. Finucan; finan
cial secretary, Edward Rutherford; treasurer,
George Miller; trustees — M. Flaherty, John
Nickel. Frederick Sutclifle, E. A. Wisenberger
and Thomas Allen; delegates to the Building
Trades Council — P. J. Landers, George Miller,
John E. McDougrald, William Miller and Thom
as Chrlstol; warden, Frank Carmody.
Electrical Workers' Union No. 151 — President,
J. F. Leonard; vice president, J. J. Gunther;
recording secretary. P. O. Peterson; financial
secretary, J. C. Kelly; treasurer, H. Wolf;
foreman. W. Fogns; Inspectors, Thomas Ma
guire and James Shay; trustee, C. C. Holmes;
business agent, C D. Pierce; delegates to
Labor Council — W. A. Beidlemanl H. Fisher,
F. Hurley, J. J. Gunther, F. Stolzenwald; ex
ecutive board — F. Bartholomew, George Cooney,
H. Kellogg; operator, O. McAvin; combination
nan. A. T. Thompson; trimmer, J. Kennard;
underground man, C. A. Stlnnlnger; station
construction or shop man,* M. Lazarus; in
spector. H. Brewer; delegates to the State
Federation of Labor — George Cooney and W.
H. Riess.
Junior Horseshoere — President (appointed by
the Journeymen Horseshoers' Union), Gustave
Frledhofer: recording secretary, John O'Rourke;
financial secretary, Charles Coyle; sergeant at
arms, William Robertson; treaeurer, Philip
Smith.
Mantel Tile and Granite Setters' Union No.
I—President,1 — President, Maurice J. Kirwan; vice Dresi
dent. D. R. Sulll\*an; financial secretary, F.
Parks; recording secretary, J. Lamey: treas
urer, J. Schoen; sergeant at arm 9, E. Con
ralie; trustees — H. Hall, G. Hanson and N.
Doyle; delegates to the Building Trades Coun
cil—Charles Weber, H. Hall, f. McDonald, W.
Howell and M. J. Kirwan; trustee to Organized
Labor, A. Iten; trustee to Progressive Planing
Mill, M. J. Kirwan; executive board of union —
D. K. Sullivan, Charles Weber, W. Hamilton,
J. Schoen and K. Gary; shop stewards — N.
Howell, Charles Black, T. Hurley, George
Sakke, J. Wills, George Watches, F., Parke
and A. Iten. f
Cloakmakers* Union No. B—President,8 — President, S. Ur
bansky: vice president, M. Wilson; recording
and correEDondinjr secretary. I. Jacoby; finan
cial secretary, M. Goldstein; treasurer, I. Mal
linger; trustees — C. Novlcky, S. Rosenblum,
A. Levy; executive board— l. Herzberu, 8.
Roeenblum, William Cohn, S. Urbansky, I.
Silverman, H. Asher, S. Halpin; sereeant at
arms, W. Reidy; delegates to Labor Council —
L Jacoby, S. Halpin; delegates to State Fed
eration of Labor convention — H. Cbemick and
I. Jacoby.
Gas Workers' Union No. 9840 — President, H.
S. Cleveland; vice president, Joseph P. Reilly;
recording secretary. Charles H. Cvranaugh;
financial secretary. Patrick J. Keegan; treas
urer. Peter V. Kearns; guide, Edward Moran:
guardian, Daniel J*. Gray; business accnt,
George W. Bell; delegates to Labor Council —
George W. Bell. John J. Brealin, H. S. Cleve
land. Peter V. Kearns; executive board —
Georse W. Bell. Bernard Cerf, A. F. Colvln,
John W, Davis, Clifford Ellis. John 11. Finn.
Patrick J. Flnnetran, James M. Hester, James
V. Russell and Stewart Taylor.
Laborers' Protective Union — President, Peter
T. Kelly; vice president. B. J. McGann; re
cording secretary, J. H. Weldemann; financial
secretary. L. B. Higgins; treasurer, P. Tier
ney; trustee, M. J. Fox; auditors — James Re
pan. M. Mulvibili. John Lynch; conductor
John McManuft; »*rgeant at arms, C. McGin
ley; business agent, M. O'Leary: executive
committee — P. Tierney, John Mun>hy, Frank
Donnlgan, James Regan, M. O"Leary, L. B
I Her Ins and B. J. McGann.
The Plumbers' and Gas Fitters' Help
ers' Union No. 11 will hold their first ball
to-night at Scottish Hall, 107 Larkin
street- !*A*- ';
>>>!T Ycar'i at Hotel Del Monte.
Enjoy the glass-bottom boats, hot
salt water swimming, riding, driving,
tennis and golf on the finest course in
California. Special tickets, good leav
ing San Francisco any train from Fri
day. December, 29; returning by any
train Tuesday, January 2. Hound-trip
rate, including four, days' accommoda
tions at Del Monte, $18. .Through
train, with parlor, car, leaves Third and
Townsend streets daily^at 3<- o'clock,
returning leaves Del Monte S:3O a, m. \u2666
TROUBLE OVER LODGING-HOUSE.— Mrs
Edna C. Bloss, 819 Market street, obtained
a warrant from Police Judge Cabanlss Yester
day for the arrest ; of .N. Brocklehurst on a
charge of obtaining money by false pret&uses.
She alleges that on November 27 she purchased
from Brocklehurst the St. Omer; lodging-house
at 967 Sutter street for $2050 on the repre
sentation that It brought, an Income : of $251
per month . and that the ' furniture „ was free
from lncumbrance.' . Sho paid $1000 cash and
gave a mortgage for: the balance. She alleges
that the Income is not more than ' $175 . per
month and that the furniture was mortgaged
to Cbarlei Zinkand. .
THE SAN-FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,: DECEMBER 30, 1905.
BRAVE POLICE
ARE PROMOTED
TWO EFFICIENT AND POPULAR MEMBERS OF THE POLICE DEPARTMENT
WHO WERE PROMOTED AT LAST NIGHT'S SESSION OF THE BOARD OF
POLICE COMMISSIONERS.
FIRE DESTROYS
GASOLINE BOAT
Engineer Attempts to Fill
Tank With Aid of Lantern
and an Explosion Follows
The i" gasoline towboat Gee Whiz, be
longing to the Rideout Brothers'
Steamboat Company, was almost com
pletely destroyed by fire about 7
o'clock last evening, while tied near
the end of the Harrison-street wharf.
The fire was caused by the explosion
of about fifty gallons of gasoline ig
nited by a lantern which was used by
Engineer E. li. Slater while filling the
tank. Slater was blown overboard,
but miraculously escaped Injury.
Shortly after dark Slater decided to
fill the tank, which already contained
about fifty gallons of. oil, and. setting
his lantern within a few feet of the
tank, proceeded to take off the cap.
As soon as the cap was removed the
gas collected about the lantern and
the explosion followed. Slater saw his
danger and attempted to jump, but be
fore he could do so he was thrown
far out into the water by the force of
the explosion.
' Captain J. E. Dethlefson, who was
standing on, the wharf, saw the dan
ger of the engineer and, threw him a
rope, by which he was pulled on the
wharf. An alarm of fire was then
turned In. and several companies re
sponded lino" In the course of a few
minutes they had filled the boat with
water, which caused it to sink. /The
exact damage to the boat cannot be
determined until it has been raised,
but it Is thought by the' owners to
be in the neighborhood of $1000. :
The engine of the Gee Whiz has
been considered a hoodoo for some
time. It' was . first taken from a
wrecked launch near Honolulu and
while in the course of- repairs by the
Hercules Gas Engine Company the
building burned and the. engine was
taken from the debris. The en
gine has been undergoing repairs most
of the time since and : was taken from
the shop only a week ago. The man
ager stated last night ,that he had had
enough of gasoline boats and would
rid himself of this one as soon as : pos
sible."
The Gee -Whiz is fifty feet long,
with a twelve-foot beam and was used
for towing, barges about the bay. She
was driven" by a' 9o-horsepower engine.
ELECTRIC CAR CRASHES
INTO A LAUNDRY WAGON
Driver In Hurled .From the Seat by
Collision at Howard and
Eighteenth Streets. i
Car No. 575 of the Howard-street Hue
crashed into a. laundry wagon driven
by Andrew- Bonnor fat the corner , of
Howard and Eighteenth streets : last
night. The driver; was hurled from the
seat and rendered .unconscious. ' He
was taken to the City, and County Hos
pital. It was found that outside "of
some painful bruises and lacerations he
was unhurt. . V : ; ;
'Bonner says the 'car Jswopped down
upon him at a high "rate of speed and
that ;he heard no :. \ belhV ; The .wagon
wheels were smashed * and the vehicle
was . badly, damaged. Bonner, after be
ing treated, was able ; to , proceed* to his
home," 135 Douglass street. " ...
JftwYenr's at Del Monte.
After the storm the weather ls beautiful ; at
Del: Monte,. and- the ,eolf links ') were, never
fTeener. : v Why :\u25a0, not enjoy your ° New,*' Year's
holiday there? Round-trip tickets, good return
ing Tuesday. Including: lour days'; accommoda
tions at : the ?\u25a0 hotel. \u25a0 $18. ; Through parlor * car
on train leaving .Third and ' Townsend • »treets
At 3d. xa. ' r v a .. ...
Whirligig of T^ime
Brings Reward
xto Faithful.
Guardians of Peace
Receive Their
Four promotions and one appointment
were ordered by the j Board of Police
Commissioners ata regular meeting at
the. Hall of Justice last -night. Lieuten
ant Henry H. Colby, now. serving at* the
City Hall station, has been made a cap
tain and will assume the duties of the
late Captain John Spillane at the South
ern station. In assigning Colby tp this
important district President .t'oheinv paid
a tribute to the deceased captain's ability,
and remarked that he. hoped Colby would
prove . a ..^worthy successor to the man
whom death * had relieved from duty.
Sergeant "William J. Mullender was ap-
pointed a lieutenant Mullender lives at
221S Fifteenth street, and has been doing
duty at the Central . police station. He
is an efficient officer, and will be , placed
in charge of. an important post. Henry
Cills was, raised from the 'rank of corpo
ral to that of sergeant. Cills entered the
department in 1890 as a' patrolman and
was promoted to . corporal, during 1836.
Since that time he has J served in " the
property/clerk's office, and his work Jias
always , been worthy of . commendation.
Patrolman Robert. T. de Gulre, who, now
ranks as corporal, has had, many impor
tant j beats since he was appointed to the
force in 1891, and has ; earned I his promo
tion \u25a0by hard work. : Thomas P. Fitzpat
rick,. who was appointed a patrolman. Is
at present a member of the Fire.Depart
ment, and his record has been excellent.
He Is highly recommended by his supe
riors, and has gained considerable reputa
tion as a baseball player within the last
two years.
All of; the newly promoted officers will
be sworn in by Chief of Police Dlnan on
January. 1. Other changes are likely to
follow at that time.
John C. Ayres, lieutenant of police,
will be retired on a pension' at his own
request at the meeting of the Police
Commissioners, sitting as a Pension
Board, on Tuesday. The lieutenant has
suffered from two paralytic strokes re
cently and is unfit for active duty. He
was attached to the Mission district.
Lieutenant Ayres has an enviable
record. He joined the force on Sep
tember 15, 1868, when he was 21 years
of age. He-was made a corporal on
December 28, 1878; a sergeant on Jan
uary 5," 1898, and lieutenant on August
1, 1902. During the period of over
thirty-seven years his work was meri
torious arid his record unblemished.
His retirement will lead to the pro
motion of Sergeant John M. Lewis, who !
is next on the list after Sergeant W. J. j
Mullender. . .
Policeman Dies of " Pneumonia.
Patrick McKenna, a member of the
Police Department, died of pneumonia
at his residence, 131 Diamond -street,
yesterday morning. '. ; He joined the
force on July 10, 1894, and for. a time
was one of the mounted patrolmen in
the Mission district. He was sick only
three days. He. leaves a family.
STUDENTS TO MEET
AT PACIFIC GEOVE
Branch of Young Men's
Christian Association Will '
Hold Sessions.
Special Dispatch: to The Call.
PACIFIC -GROVE, Dec. 29.— The tenth
annual conference of the Students' Young
Men's Christian Association will meet
here next \u25a0 week. Delegates "are already
arriving, and it Is expected | more than 100
will be present when the ; conference Is
called to order Mdnday. ''.\u25a0\u25a0• All the proml-.
nent Young Men's Chrfstian Association
workers on the 'coast will' be present. The
morning, sessions ; will: be devoted ; to the
study ' of the moral and.: religious condi
tions of the colleges of the State and par
ticularly to the. place of ; the Young Men's
Christian in 'universities.'
Recreation'and sports will occupy the aft
ernoon. \u25a0 Football will 1 be': tabooed. "
body of majt^vho; rocked
: '.;\u25a0'.. :'\u25a0;\u25a0'«• his boat found on flats
Waters of Humboldt Bay \u25a0 Give Up the
• Victim of 'Foolish Prac- ;
\u25a0 • ' : ;\u25a0"\u25a0 \u25a0;.\u25a0;•\u25a0 tice. .:-'\u25a0\u25a0
/
.: EUREKA, .Dec. 29.^The body ; :of
Michael i* Moiidich, who was drowned
in \u25a0 Humboldt Bay ; on'- October - 29. , was
f ound \ on '. the . Mud j" Flats \ tills f morning.
Mondich ' and " two //companions .
crossingr ' the y bay ;! from , the \u25a0• shipyards.
All * three {were intoxicated arid % when
out- In *»th(B" middle of "the: channel' be
gan rocking I . their/boat.; The frail craft
capsized '• and •'. the V men.';-' were 't - : : thrown
into' : the s water. 1,- Mondich .failed r to fre
gain; thoj boatiwith!hls;f riends 'arid" was
drbwned'^within a. few minutes after
MAYOUR JAILED
FOR GRAFTING
Executive- of Long Beach
and a Councilman Are Ac
cused of s Taking Bribes
PLACED BEHIND BAKS
Town Is Shocked by Disclos
ures Made by Arrest of
Two of Its Trusted Officers
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 29. — Rufus A.
Eno," Mayor of Long Beach, and J. B.
Lbsee, one of its prominent Councllmen,
were; arrested this afternoon by the
District Attorney of the county and
locked in the County Jail on a charge
of taking bribes. The two specific in
stances relate to \u25a0 "rake-offs" in the
building of the Long Beach wharf, but
It is, claimed that the grafting extends
over a period of two years, or since tho
two men -took office. Nearly all of the
big contracts that went through the
Mayor's offlc* are said to, have been
"greased -through" with bribe money.
Their arrest was a complete surprise to
the -two, officials, also to Long Beach,
which was simply thunderstruck. That
town has. always been a' stronghold of
church people, and the. city, officers
were thought, to be above suspicion. .
Two secret service men went to Long
Beach frorri*" Los Angeles this afternoon
from the office of the District Attorney.
One of; them found Eno on the street
and asked him to come to the city for
a "conference" with District Attorney
Fredericks. Losee was found, in - his
real estate office. He was also invited
to ihe;city._for a "conference." Neither
of the two men had the slightest idea
that - they, were being arrested. They
came out of the "conference" under ar
rest on* a- felony charge. They are
charged on two particular counts.
pj J. C. Newsom, an architect, to get the
plans for the dancing pavilion at the
end "of the Long Beach wharf accepted,'
is alleged to have paid $300 to Eno for
himself , and. Losee. The money is al
leged-to have been paid in the City
Hall at the time Eno helped Newsom
cash his jj demand. The other was In
regard to the specifications for piling
for the wharf. Losee is alleged to have
put through a resolution changing the
piling from .cylindrical to square. Th 6
change lessened the cost of the con
tract Sl5OO.
Losee is said to have pocketed $1009
for himself and Eno, the city being
made to -pay the- contract off thts
original price. Losee and Eno had a
long talk with the District Attorney.
He would not say whether they con
fessed or not.
Afterward they made a statement
claiming that their arrest Is due to a
political conspiracy, their enemies tak
ing this means of "doing them up."
They both. were cool and collected. Af
ter some hours in jail they were re
leased on bail furnished. by prominent
Long Beach. men.
TWO MEN DIE
AWFUL DEATH
Succumb to Hardships of a
Trip Through Wilds of
Alaska in Middle of Winter
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
SEATTLE, Dec. 29.— Harry Hughes, an
old-time Alaska musher, and E* K. Row
ley, of Woodward, lowa, met a terrible
death in the wilderness on the coast . of
Alaska, between Cape Yakataga and
Cape Suckling, about November 19. Er
nest and Ira Williams and Hughes and
Rowley left Yakataga for Kayak to take
a steamer for the outside on November
10. They had provisions for a four-day
trip. Hughes acted ;as guide. He was
obliged because, of -the swollen seas to
take, the party miles up the sloughs to
find . fording places. In one place they
walked for ten miles in Icy water up to
their waists before they found a shallow
crossing. The food . ran out. Rowley suc
cumbed on November 17 at 11 o'clock In
the morning. Because of swollen limbs
and stiff ness, he was unable to walk.' The
rest went on for help. For forty-eight
hours Rowley, had nothing to eat. Hughes
gave out at 3 o'clock on November 17.
He told the other two to go on. The
Williams boys . reached Octalee Spit on
November 19, in the afternoon. A storm
kept, them in their cabin until November
21. They went back then with help, but
Hughes and Rowley could not be found
anywhere. " ' ." .
NEW YORK, Dec. 20. — The Interborough
Rapid Transit Company, which operates the
subway: and elevated roads of New York City,
announced to-day . an Increase in the pay of
employes, to take effect ; January 1. The . in
crease ranges from 1.6 to 25 cents a day, with
two days off, with pay, each month for em
ployes who. work twelve hours a day.
Absolutely Pure by Analysis
\u25a0^Wwf P'-I^H^M^ He has just, submitted to the Board of Health fcls report en the purity ef the diffsrsn:
brands of beer sold in this city. His analysss of CASCADE LAGER, and
' STEAM BEER., made by the Union Brewing and Malting Company, shows and provis
l^ eJr won d« r f ul purity, as folio vs:
Is^^STLjOTif^ O. Y. Normal 1.0161 1.0554 6.11 1,76 0.271 5.47 O^ucade
t^^^^SS^^ Y - °- Normal '-Q lBO 1 - 0532 6 - 41 2 ?--H \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 5.16 C Sieam
WSsktf^Hm iflP THe»e Figures Show tho Absolute Purity of This Beer
<&SS®\ Th ° abOVB ls an exact CO Py °* the report of the City Chemist's analyses on file at the City Hall.
UNION BREWING AND MALTING CO.
EI S bteenth «ft<* Florida StrWts Bottling Dept., 427 Valencia Street
WB9OH^^:\4f>^ Wpr The P u blic should remember this fact whsn buying beer and always ask for Cascade.
SHOTS IN AIR
STOP A THIEF
Escaping Felon Halts and
Surrenders After Deputy
Fires Twice Over His Head
EANSACKS A BIG HOTEL
Leaps From Car While Be
ing Brought to Jail, but
Is Soon in Custody Again
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 29.— After escaping
from Superintendent Reanier of the F. A.
Hahn Company at Capjtola, William
Dunham, who robbed the Hotel Capitola
on Wednesday of some silver spoons and
cut glassware, was brought to bay by a
couple of shots from Under Sheriff Hor
ton's revolver at Twin Lakes yesterday
afternoon. Dunham went through the
hotel, which is closed for the season, and
would have secured much booty if he had
not been interrupted by Superintendent
Reanier, who tooic him Into custody. As
Reanier was bringing bis prisoner to San
ta Cruz in a street car the latter Jumped
oft the car as It was going at a high rats
of speed and escaped. ! Sheriff Trafton's
office was notified. Under Sheriff Horton
finally located his man in a house at Twin
Lakes, a suburb of tais city. As Horton
went in the front door Dunham skipped
out by the back door, running toward
Wood's lagoon. As It was dark he had
a good chance to get away. After calling
to him to halt the under sheriff fired two
shots in the air and was aiming at the
fleeing thief en Dunham looked around.
Finding that the game was up he surren
dered and Is now in the County Jail In
default of $500 bonas.- :
COXTBOL IN HANDS
OF SAN FEANCISCANS
Fleishacker and Associates
Said to Own Nevada
RENO, Dec. 29.— According to reliable
information received to-day the controll
ing interest In the Nevada Transit Com
pany has passed into the hands of a San
Francisco syndicate, consisting of
Fleishacker and associates. The deal has
been made, says a man who is closely
connected with the transaction, and will
become effective on January 20. Accord-
Ing to E. R. Dodge, attorney for the com
pany, no sale has been made, although he
admits that negotiations are pending and
that it is possible that a deal will be con
summated. The consideration haa not be
come public, but it is said that the con
trolling interest of the 200.000 shares of
common stock will go at a figure slightly
under par.
CLAIMS INSANE MAN
LEFT BIG FOETUNE
Court Takes Steps to Find
Out Value of Lunatic's
Holdings. '
SANTA ANA. Dec. 29.— A citation was
Issued by Judge West in the Superior
Court this afternoon ordering A. F. De
chene of Los Angeles to appear and give
sworn testimony as to what he knows of
the assets of the estate of William Har
mon, which is said to be valued at {75,000.
Harmon died Intestate at the Patton In
sane Asylum In February, 1903, leaving
property here . valued at $3000. No rela
tives or heirs have been found. Within
the last week Dechene has asserted that
he has information of $75,000 more prop
erty in mines and cash deposits belonging
to Harmon's estate,' and the citation was
issued to bring him to court to divulge
his information. ;:..;
Calls Ex-Partner a Thief.
FRESNO, Dec. 29.— H. O. Bou.ae. a
watchmaker, who came here from
Santa Barbara three months ago, was
arrested to-day on a charge of grand
larceny preferred by his former part
ner, W. Rutley, a jeweler of thrs city.
Rutley declares that Bonlne appro
priated 585 in coin and gold stock that
did not belong to him. Bonine is out
on his own recognizance. The two
men were partners for less than two
weeks.
Mnsked Men Rob Japanese.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 29.— X. Iwanda. a
Japanese laborer, was . held up on the
Milpitaa road to-night and robbed of
$50. Iwanda was returning to Mil
pitas with his month's pay, when he
was accosted by three armed men
who demanded his money. "Before he
could comply he was felled by a blow
and the cash was taken from his
pocket. The men then disappeared into
the shrubbery by the roadside.
Cattleman la Found Dead.
RED BLUFF, Dec. 29.— Paul McSke,
a well-known cattleman, living on
Cottonwood Creek, about twenty miles
northwest of Red Bluff, was found
dead in bed ; this morning. He was
about 30 - years of age. No particu
lars of his death have been obtained.
GRAND RAPIDS. Wls., Dec. 29. — Judge-
Webb to-day decided that the Wisconsin anti
pass . law is legal.
TAKES HIS LIFE
NEAR GOLDFIELD
Body of Seattle Prospector
Is Found in Snow Within
Few Miles of Nevada Town
JTJBT SAYS IT ? S SUICIDE
Razor Case, Minus Blade, Is
Picked Up Seventy Feet
From Unfortunate Miner
GOLDFIEL©. Dec. 29.— The dead body
of a man, his throat cut from ear io
ear. was found four miles south of Gold
fleld late yesterday. The body was com
pletely encased in ice and the face and
hands were black from exposure. The
dead man was about 45 years ot age.
slightly built, with a reddish mustache.
Friends identified the remains as those of
Thomas W. Itlcord, a mining promoter
of Seattle. An empty razor box covered
with blood, found about two feet from a
large pool of blood, but seventy feet from
the body, was tha only evidence as to the
means of death. The razor could not b«
found. The first Jury under Judge Bell,
who is also the Coroner, could not agree
and was discharged. The second jury re
turned a verdict of suicide. Tracks In
the snow led up to within ten feet of tlve
body, but as some snow covered the body,
no importance was attached to their dis
covery. Tae deceased, who was unmar
ried, had a mother and a brother living
at Chases Mills. Me.
CATHOLIC BISHOPS
GREATLY DISPLEASED
Say Americans Not Worthy
of Honor Have Been Pre
sented to Pope.
ROME, Dec 29.— The Vatican authori
ties have* received remonstrances from
several American Bishops against the au
diences granted by the Pope to Ameri
cans who, in the opinion of these Bishops,
were not worthy of the honor, which, it
is added, created dissatisfaction among
the faithful.
The Pope has also been informed that
among the persons presented to him. a
few days ago was an American woman
who had been divorced. This irritated the
Pontiff, who declared that such a pres
entation must not occur again.
The officials of the Vatican are also
recalling that two Americans recently
refused to kneel when the Pope appeared
and the persons having authority in thes»
matters have been ordered to bo more
strict in arriving at decisions upon appli
cations from Americans for audiences of
the Pope. American applicants in the
future must be recommended by their
respective Bishops or have their applica
tions supported by a recognized official
here.
RED BLUFFITES WILL
FIGHT GAS COMPANY
Object to Appropriation of
Water Rights by San Fran
cisco Corporation.
RED BLUFF. Dec. 20.— The San Fraa
cisco Gas and Electric Company, which
some weeks ago filed a notice that it
Intended taking water from Mill Creek for
a power plant, has put on a force of
about ten men at the site to do construc
tion and survey work. This same location
was filed on about a year ago by local
capitalists, who have completed a sur
vey and built ditches. The local ir.en say
they will fight the gas company in the
courts, as they have done all the prelim
inary work required. .; ,-:
PETALTJMA COXTItACTOR WEDS
YOUNG MISS OP SAX MARTIN
Builder Steals An«y to San Jose and
Make* Schoolgirl lI U
Bride.
PETALUMA, Dec. 21). — John Thomp
son, a prominent contractor and builder
and a former teacher in the Petaluma
public schools, was Quietly married on
Tuesday In San Jose to Miss Mabel
Mooney of San Martin. The news . of
the wedding reached this city to-day,
surprising the friends of the youngr
people. Mrs. Thompson was attending
school at San Jose up to the day of her
wedding. Rev. Dr. Mills was the offi
ciating clergyman.
YEAR E-VDIN'G TO-MORROW tSSm
RECORD OXE FOR LOS A.VGEiBS
Building? Permit* Show That Soothers
Metropolis Has Had a Bulld
lnc Boom.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 29. — The year
just passed has been the building year
in the history of Los Angeles. To lp.
m. thl3 afternoon the number of build-
Ing permits issued from the office of
the Superintendent of Buildings In
1905 was 9341. The improvements au
thorized amounted to $15,37. "7. This
ls against 7090 building permits is
sued in 1904 for improvements aggre
gating $13,409,062.
SAN DOMINGO. Dec. 20.— TV United State*
gunboat Dubuque arrived here tb!a afternoon.
The converted yacht Scorpion will leave to
morrow for Montechristi. :
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
GIVES TENTH
FOR CHARITIES
Adeline Reynolds Holds That
Such Expenditure Is Not
a Waste of Family Funds
HER HUSBAND OBJECTS
When Earning Her Own Liv
ing She Lays Aside a Tithe
for Some Worthy Object
OAKLAND. Pec. 29.— Mrs. Adeline Rey
nolds of Berkeley believes in giving a
full tenth of her earnings to charity, and
this was ihe answer made by her to-day
to the allegations of her husband in their
divorce suit that she had wasted their
funds in giving money to churches and
charity. Even when she was supporting
their four children without much aid from
her husband she laid aside a tenth of
what she made, put it in a purse and, re
gardless of denomination, gave to any
worthy object that impressed her.
The taking of testimony in tho case was
completed in the action to-day, and Judge
T. W. Harris stated that while he be-
Jieved Mrs. Reynolds had done the best
she could for her children, he thought she
had made mistakes, and be wished to
lake the matter under advisement before
passing on the question of, whether she
«as entitled to her decree. Reynolds
wrote a letter from Santa Maria, in which
he states that he is on the verge of
nervous collapse and would not be able
to be present in court.
TO DISCIPLINE
ALL BLUECOATS
OAKLAND. Dec. 29.-Members of the
police force of Oakland who quarrel with
lheir superiors or who antagonize their
fellow members will have no place in the
department after the first of next year.
That has been definitely decided by the
Board of Police and Fire Commissioners,
and a policy of harmony has been agreed
upon that will materially change the con
duct of the force.
"The Chief of Police will be the abso
lute Chief," declares Mayor Frank Xi
Mott. and the other two Commissioners
concur.
With the beginning of the new year
Chief Hodgkins will give up the reins of
the department to Captain of Police Wil
scn and will again become a detective,
while Detecti\'e Frank Lj-nch will assume
the duties of acting captain. After that
there shall be no insubordination, declare
the Commissioners, and peace must reign
in the department.
SECRET SERVICE MEN
HUNTING FOR BAKER
Search for Him. Has Been
Taken Up in Great
Earnest.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— For the first time
Eince the arrest of M. Louisa Bowen for
stealing more than. s7ooo from sub-station
No. 1 of the local postofflce, of which
she was in charge, and the disappearance
of Louis W. Baker, <o whom she claims
to have given the money, the postal in
spectors have begun a systematic search
for Baker.
Heretofore it has been a question of
doubt whether Baker could be Implicated
in the crime, since it -was supposed that
he simply borrowed the coin that Miss
Bowen purloined. But to-day the postal
Inspectors and the secret service agents
Interviewed Mlm Bowen and immediately
began a eystematic searcQ for the miss
ing man. It is said they received infor
mation that will be sufficient to convict
Baker of being an accomplice of the
young woman.
Mrs. Matilda Brown, who took charge
of the BUb-etatlon in order to give Miss
Bowen employment, said to-night that
If the postal authorities decide that she is
liable she will make good the shortage in
the office.
Since Baker's disapearance and the at
tachment was placed on his Ninth-street
printing office by Mrs. Brown, many per
sons have called with contracts on the
firm. Mrs. Henrietta Donaldson claims
to hold a chattel mortgage on the office
furniture for $1250, and there are many
other claims, it is alleged, to be adjusted.
'.XtJvas rumored to-day that Baker had
been seen at Tenth and Franklin streets,
Oakland, at 6 o'clock last evening by Dep
uty Constable Jones, but the police, after
talking to Jones, discredit the story. There
was another 6tory that Attorney Carey
Howard was trying to raise bonds that
Baker might give himself up and be re
leased. Attorney Howard, however, de
nies absolutely that hi has taken any
steps in the matter.
AGED MAN TRIES
TO TAKE HIS LIFE
OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— Charles Webber,
60 years of age, tried to commit suicide
last night at the Central Hotel in Hay
wards by- slashing his throat with ' a
pocket knife. He now lies in a precarious
condition at the County Infirmary and
may not recover.
Despondency over an inability to secure
work is supposed to have been the cause
of his act-
Webber went to the County Infirmary
yesterday afternoon and w*s supplied
Tilth food. He asked for lodgings for a
few days, but left before Superintendent
Clark could be consulted. When he en
gaged a room at the hotel at Haywards
he registered from San Francisco, but
from remarks he made It is supposed
that he lived at Palo Alto. Andrew Witt,
\u25a0who occupied an adjoining room, heard
Webber groaning at 3 o'clock this morn
ing and an Investigation proved that the
unfortunate man had tried to end his life.
He was removed to the County Infirmary.
REFUSES MEDICAL AID.
OAKLAND. Dec. 29. — Mrs. Ellzaoeth
Palmer, an elderly woman, who- re
fused the services of a physician dur
ing her last illness, died at 11 o'clock
this morning: at the home of her
daughter, Mrs. M. Jenks. at 517 Eighth
street, where Ehe lived. Coroner Mehr
mann will hold an inauest to deter
mine the cause of death. A year ago
Mrs. Palmer fell on the sidewalk and
broke her hip and has since been in
feeble health- She was a widow. 85
rears old. and was a native of New
York.
Harry Monaban. who resides at Mc-
Allister and Octavia streets, was ar
rested latj^ last night and charged
with battery. He is alleged to have
beaten his wife severely during a
quarrel.
JOHN SWETT SPEAKS
OF FARM STUDY.
Declares That a Compulsory Agricultural
Course Is Not Advisable. '
OUGHT TO BROADEN NATURE WORK
BERKELEY, Dec. 29.— Farmers and
teachers met together in Joint session to
day for the last time during the gathering
of educators and grangers at Berkeley.
As before the topic of greatest interest
to both sections was the moot question
of introducing agriculture as a subject
for instruction in the public schools.
John Swett, the veteran California ed
ucator, who rounded out nearly a half
century of active work as a school man
a few years ago, discussed this morning
the ways in which school children may
be induced to take an interest in farm
life.
In the introductory paragraphs of his
paper on "Common-sense Ways of Inter
esting Public School Children in Nature
Studies," Mr. Swett referred to himself
humorously as one who, when he at
tended farmers' institutes, "passed him
self off as a school teacher trying to
learn something about fruit growing,"
and at teachers' associations posed as a
"granger who wants to learn something
about school-teaching." He spoke in part
as follows:
A farmer recently said to me that boys and
girls were being "educated away from the
farm." This complaint is occasionally made
at Grange meetings. If It is well founded the
condition complained of should be remedied.
The ways and means are what we have to
consider. First, we .may be reminded that of
old, in Noah Webster's time, agriculture was
studied, as set forth In a "Little Reader's
Assistant" of his, printed In 1791> a copy ot
which I have given to Professor Brown of the
Ktate University that contains a farmer's cat
echism of eight pages, in which the work of
the agrlculturlist is magnified, and boys and
girls axe taught to believe In the dignity and
importance of the. farmer's work. So far as
agricultural textbooks are concerned that
\u25a0\u25a0catechism" was the only thing of Its kind
used for a century.
COMPULSORY WORK WONT DO.
Let us consider for a moflient what Is prac
ticable in the rural schools of our own State.
Compulsory teaching of agriculture In the ele
mentary schools won't do. It has been tried
with entomology and failed dismally. I think
the common sense way will be to make use
of the existing school laws and courses of
Etudy. Under the general head of nature
study suggestions are made to teachers con
cerning oral lessons on plant and animal life..
Children bring Into school common wild flowers
and make a simple and untechnical 'study ol
them. They learn something about the forest
trees. They bring In samples of .fruit from the
farms on which they live. They study fruit
trees and grape vines. In the tadpole season
they bring in polllwogs, put them In glass Jars
and watch th?lr transformation Into frogs.
They collect specimens of rocks and minerals
for the school cabinet.
When they are 8 cr 9 years old the pupils
begin to use the new State elementary geog
raphy, recently adopted, which Is in Itself a
mod*?l textbook on nature study, full of refer
ences to farm and home life. In the rural
school libraries la offered an opportunity of
placing: books for children's use relating to
farm life. There are many of these books
available, som© by Professor E. J. Wlckson
and others by Eastern men
A sma'.l garden plat is a desirable attach
ment to a rural echool, when it is possible to
obtain water for irrigation in the dry season.
In this matter of Interesting children in
rural life, however, the schools cannot do it
all. I wculd ask the farmers whether they
have shown* the proper interest In the country
schools — visited them. got In touch with the
teachers, encouraged their work on : these
lines? I know of coma young ladies who have
resigned their schools because of a farmer's
criticisms of the attempt at nature study. The
farmers must co-ooerate. They should take
their boys to Farmers' Institutes and at home
encourage them by giving them a colt to raise
and sell, or giving the girls a part of the poul
try yard proceeds. This will be part of the
work of keeping the young folk in the country
Interested in rural life.
ENCOURAGE OBSERVATION.
Women teachers who say they cannot be
expected to teach agriculture, milking cows,
making cheese and bread are right. Those
things will be taught at home. Teachers,
however, can start their pupils on the way to
find out a great many things from their own
observation and from books about nature and
the farm.
How to gain the time to do this extra work?
Cut down by one-half the time now given to
arithmetic la the higher grades. Many of ths
wisest teachers In California are trying to do
this now. President Eliot of Harvard has
led a -movement to do it In the East.
Finally, It seems to me that the wise plan
for us to pursue at present is to .leave th« mat
ter of agriculture In the common schools to
county boards of education, county superin
tendents, county Institutes, high school trus
tees and to the women who do most of the
teaching. It has taken twenty years to make
a fair beginning of manual training In the ur
ban schools and quite as long to prove the
value of drawing In, elementary schools. Vocal
music Is 6tll! considered a fad. The kinder
garten Is still antagonized by many , teachers
for city children under 6 years of age. The
normal schools were antagonized for twenty
five years by the old line school teachers, by
private schools and by most colleges and uni
versities. Let us possess our souls In patience
when we consider the relation of the schools
to elementary Instruction In agriculture, horti
culture and truck farming and wait for new
Ideas to take root.
One of the most entertaining papers
read during the entire session of the in
stitute was that of Professor E. J. Wick
son, entitled "The Industrial Use of the
Imagination." Wit and wisdom were
combined in attractive measure In . the
professor's remarks, and not a. dull mo
ment was endured by Professor Wickson's
auditors while the paper waa being read.
It was in part as follows:
WICKSON OX IMAGINATION.
TTiose of my hearers who are old enough to
be wise will recognise my subject "as a graft.
Thirty-flve years ago John Tyndall had the task
of preparing a discourse for the British Asso
ciation, and, to escape distraction!, made a
Journey to the Swiss Alps, talcing with him, as
he says, "two volumes of poetry," Goethe's
"Farbenlehr" and Bain's "Logic." One of his
critics afterward said he failed to see the wit
in calling those books two volumes of poetry.
To him Mr. Tyndall elmply replied:- "Nor do
I." For Tyndall wae deeper than his critic
thought; he was not Indulging in pleasantry,
he had a deeper purpose, and he even went so
far as to select his books for dramatic effect.
He wished to forcibly suggest that creative
work in poetry and In reasoning called Into ac
tion the same power of the mind, and he could
then proceed to show that creative work in nat
ural science proceeded from the same source.
He chose as his subject "The .Scientific Use ot
the Imagination." The Idea was not new, but
the limes seemed to demand Its enforcement,
and Tyndall proceeded to meet this requirement
by recourse to the true scientific method, via:
to illustrate by a tew simple Instances the v.to
that scientific men have already made. of this
power of the Imagination and to indicate after
ward some of the further uses they are likely
to make of It. And this he succeeds in •Icing
in a way more effective wlUi the peoplu to
whom he desired to appeal than any philo
sophic argument could have been.
It was particularly neceesary Just at that
time that this should be done. The wave of
popular* Interest in the achievements of natural
science was running high. Books and maga
zines- were laden with discoveries, and lecture
platform's were ablaze' with demonstrations in
chemistry and physics. The people were get
ting- the idea t hat all \u25a0 that they : needed ! to do
was to equip themselves sufficiently with In
struments of glass and brass to lay bare all the
secrets of the universe — they , were j even r - prone
to think that they could "find out God" by this
line of searching. It was. time to show. them,
thought Tyndall, that euch hopes were vain.
FARM IMPROVE3iEHfTS. ~~
I have invoked this powerful work of ,Tyn
dall which accomplished bo 'much a third of a
century ago toward a better understanding of
the relation of ecientiflc research to other' great
Undertakings of i mankind, because* it- seems' "to
nje our present strong impulses toward .indus
trial achievements_ may lead some - tpj^think
that here at least we - have something quite
different Intellectually from , other \u25a0; human ef
forts and that proper preparation for it;con
sists in becuring on entirely, new outfit of meth
ods, agencies and principles.
Z:'Eb.all.conlJne my effort to a few suggestions
on the ---"agricultural use \u25a0: of Jhe , Imagination"
and \u25a0 endeavor to render them somewhat : con
crete by discussing the - significance . of forma
in animals and plants. - Let us consider briefly
a few. of the more - obvious 'manifestation * of
fcrm6 In agricultural : practices and , products
and ask what they teach us of .themselves and
what, they teach us of : ourselves, . . •:, *.»•,\u25a0
W tat \u25a0do we mean Iby "form" in • this dis
cussion? An agricultural form Is an Improved
THE SAN FRANCISCO i; CALL, \ -DECEMBER : 30, 1905.
form. The very word agriculture Implies that;
not improved form In a moral sense; not *»in
Kood firm" as approved by a society leader;
not "in a pood rorm" as depleted- In the ad
vertisements of popular tonics — but Improved
form in an agricultural sense. - But an im
proved form of what? • Manifestly of every
thing on the farm except the farmer, and his
bank account; these . improvements belong to
preacher and the economist. ' Let me buk
eeatva few striking: Instances of lmDrovement.'
First, improved implements. Contrast £he
modern riding gangplow L and the forked stick
of ancient aericulture and surviving still In
benighted regions. Or compare the California
traction engines, pulling plows enough to turn
a 40-foot width of land with the single furrow
plow which lacked rational adaptation .to its
work, even as late a« Jefferson's time. Or
11J"1 1 J" of the flall which perhaps some of my
older hearers remember swinging, '.with' the
California combined harvester, steam propelled
and riding the plains of the San"J6aauin, au-'
toroobtlo, as a battleship, which its fuming
chimneys I and castellated structure cause It
to resemble.
CATTLE DEVELOPMENT."
Second, improved animals. Compare the
lordly shorthorn and other . cattle bred for
teef, every useful part expanded to fullness,
and • every useless part repressed, with the
j swayback, cat-hammed, long-legged "bos
Urus ' which Julius Caesar hunted in Gaul,
j Compare also the deep capacious dairy breeds
with the- wretched -unprintable scrubs which
still - remain ~to emphasize the. quality of their
betters. Remember . also the . thoroughbred
racer and the draughthorse; the greyhound and
the mastiff; the game fowi and the light
Brahma — grand instances of agricultural torm
as adapted to various , powers and uses. ;• : .
Third, improved plants. Study the uniform
ity of California orchard trees, capable, of a
maximum of product with least cost of uro
ductlon. Learn the economic importance ' of
the spherical peach,, the seedless orange, the
special types ot grapes for various uses. Cora-,
pare the grand, many times double rose with
the cra m but graceful eglantine. Remember
the flavors, odors a^id colors developed in t,he
Improved fruits, the food value of grains, the
durable beauty of flowers.
If we should review the achievements of
progressive agriculture in all lines It would
b« easy to demonstrate the service rendered
by the creative faculty in industrial affairs. . j
It would be clear that to reach any success
in • industrial effort there must he an ideal. In
no line has this been more clearly, demon
strated than in the development of the domestic
animal, as has already been suggested. But
even in smallest affairs the same rule holds —
no man can prune a tree intelligently .without
an ideal of a tree of that.-variety in his mind.
Nor can he turn a furrow nor can he bltcb
up a team without such' a conception. Men
who cannot conceive an Ideal of what each
act should be are our stupid men. They are
men who never can do anything.
—\ .MUST LOOK AHEAD.
Now what Is /the conclusion ot the whole
matter? Education Is the only agency by
which the true can be enforced and the false
cast out— not shallow, inadequate, incomplete
education which misleads, because the pos
sessor thinks he has gold, but it is only silver.
Teach handicraft, teach Imitative arts, but
do not think that those are the end;: they are
but means to. an end of which they are un
conscious. Humanity must see beyond the ends
of its fingers, and the guaranty in that as one
does go farther and forms concentlons . of the
principles and understanding of the - mate
rials Involved, handicraft is Improved and its
reward multiplied.
In the present demand for a change In ped
agogic subjects, so as to better serve the time
and the people in industrial advancement and
to arouse tastes^and sentiments in sympathy
with rural employment, care should be taken
not to subEtitute information for education.
It Is teaching for the good old -purposes of
mental awakening and strengthening which,
must not be lost slcht of. The new oedaeoslc
material will be better than the old in its
intrinsic usefulness and \u25a0 suggestlveness, but
the art and science of employing It in school
work will be the same., in motive and purpppes,
that havo ruled since good teaching beean.
J. B. Keff, conductor of IFarmers' Insti
tutes in Southern California, read a paper
:on "Teaching of Experience gin Irriga
tlon." Other papers were: "Some Practi
cal Aspects of Seed Testing," Miss Alice
F. Crane; "Cereal Improvement," G. ,\V.
Shaw, assistant professor of agricultural
technology; "The Needs of California
Viticulture,'' F. T. Bioletti, assistant pro
fessor of viticulture; "Organized Effort
Against . Plant Diseases," R. E. Smith,
assistant professor of plant pathology;
"Farmers' Institutes and Co-operation,"
D. T. Fowler, conductor of Farmers' In
stitutes.
DR. GLADDING TO WED.
BERKELEY, Dec. 29.— Society was
startled to-day by the announcement
that Dr. Charles F. Gladding, physician
at the Foisom prison, is to be married
next Monday to the widow of Harry
Heywood, a member of the wealthy
Heywood family, founded by Z. B.
Hey wood, a lumber king of the State
in early days. Harry Heywood died
about eight months ago, leaving a for
tune to his widow and children esti
mated at about $100,000, his share of
the elder 'Hey wood' a estate. The estate
had been apportioned a. few weeks be
fore Harry Hey wood's death. A large
share of It went also to Walter Hey
wood of 203 Cedar street in Berkeley.
Dr. Gladding is a prominent physi
cian, who also has had much to do with
State and local politics. He has been
Identified with the section of the party
popularly referred to as Governor Par
dee's wing and was appointed to his
present'position at Foisom by the Gov
ernor. \u25a0 V \u0084 -' \u25a0-N 'V
The wedding next Monday will take
place at Mrs. : Hey wood's home at 1410
Spruce street. It Is stated that Dr. C.
K. Jeness will perform the ceremony.
It Is understood that Dr. Gladding may
soon resign his State position. He re
cently came into possession of valuable
property in the . business district of
Oakland through the death of a near
relative and- the management of the
estatei may require all of his time.
AVILI. 4IONOR LABOR.
OAKLAND, Dec. -29.— The commit
tees in charge of the arrangements
for the convention of the State Feder
ation of Labor, which . meets in this
city on January l.v 1906. are satisfied
that everything will, be in readiness
for the welcome to^the visiting dele
gates by to-morrow night. The streets
through which the parade- will pass
have been decorated^ with evergreens
and flags, and the work of ; hanging
flags and bunting on 'the public build
ings is now in progress.
An excellent 'means of advertising
Oakland and Alameda County has been
adopted by the . general commltteo, of
tho convention, ,; this being the "use of
special stationery for all; of the com
mittee's^ correspondence. : Tho enve
lopes used are embelllßhed -on v the
back with? a map showing the com
parative size of ; Oakland and 'San
Francisco, and on the front is a .pho
to-engraving,' of a bunch of cherries,
with the legend, , "Picked invJanuary."
Many thousands ; of,- the I envelopes . : have
been "distributed s to'" merchants of this
city..' for use during -the convention.'
FRENCH WAITER HELD : UP.
OAKLAND.' Dec. ' 28.— ; S. Arriautou. a
waiter, said ' to bei of high-born French
descent, was v beaten Into .'. insensibility
and robbed of; $100j at .1 * o'clock ;\u25a0; this'
morning; at; Harrison: SQuare,".' Tenth
and Harrison s streets.'^-"- •",'-<. ~ "•<?;'\u25a0"•.'
The waiter/who resides at the ' Capi
tol ' Hotel;"; "< Eleventh ™ and ; : Franklin
streets, . eaid* threel men': attacked him.
He believes ' theyl'knew he ; had the
money, £ which 7 was"' a< remittance -j f rom
relatives in \ France. > Arnautou > did; not"
report : the i robbery 'to^ the ex
plaining that' tie' did not-want.to worry
sisters 'who; reside,; In';; this city. He
said his .family; was vdriyehV out of
France by Napoleon' IIL 1 " •;
SAVANT GIVEN
UNIQUE HONOR
Peruvian Government Offers
Dr. Max Uhle Place as Di
rector of Research Work
RESIGNS AT UNIVERSITY
Regents to Receive His Re
quest That Contract With
the State Be Terminated
BERKELEY, Dec. 29.— Signal honor has
been Dr. Max Uhle of the an
thropological department of -the Univer
sity of California by the Oovernment of
Peru,. which has invited him to take the
position of director of anthropological sur
veys for that state.' . r
Dr. Uhle is under contract to the uni
versity, to~serve for \ five years, three of
which have almost expired. He has writ
ten to the Regents asking that he be per
mitted to terminate this contract at. this
time, and _the resignation which accom
panies the request is to be presented to
the Regenta at their next meeting.:
A. story that Dr. Uhle has resigned. as
the result "of differences with Dr. j Fred
erick Putnam, head of the anthropological
department of the university, _is denied"
by the authorities. Dr. Uhle's new post
| under the Peruvian Government is es-
I teemed as -an important and honorable
place, promotion to which would be cov
eted by any archaeologist.
The archaeological explorations of the
University of California In South America
have? been in charge of Dr. Uhle, who
spent « tho years from 1599 to 1001, and
again. from the end of. 1903 to the present
time, in expeditions to Peru. In tb,e in
terval Dr. Uhle was occupied in classify
ing and cataloguing his collection and pre
paring his report, as. well as participat
ing in the archaeological exploration of
the California shell mounds. Hisflrst In
vestigations in Peru were made in the
vicinity of Trujillo, especially at the ruins
of Moche, where he obtained a large col
lection of the finely painted pottery char
acteristic of this region and of other spec
imens. * Subsequent explorations were
made at Huamachuco, also in Northern
Peru, and at several localities in South
ern Peru, mainly in the valleys of Chln
cha, of lea and at Huaitar, In the valley
of Pisco.
In most of these excavations, as in those
of Northern Peru, several distinct types
of culture were established by the relative
position and character of the structures
and finds. These investigations have
made very probable a successionof from
four to six distinct periods in the various
localities. They are therefore important
in tracing for the first time a definite
historical sequence in what has hitherto
been the chronological chaos of ancient
Peruvian civilization.
On his second expedition Dr. Uhle vis
ited several localities on the coast of
Southern; Peru. Excavations were con
ducted at Ancon for the purpose of deter
mining the historical development of this
ancient settlement. A large collection of
pottery, textiles and other antiquities
were obtained. The aiscovery of a new
prehistoric site near the main necropolis
resulted in the collection of specimens'ot
an entirely new type and apparently of
great age. - •".• <
On the southwest. slope of th\ Cerro de
Trinidad the remains of another type of
ancient civilization, hitherto unobserved,
were discovered. On the completion of
the explorations at Chancay investiga
tions were carried on northward along
the coast, in the valleys of Huacho and
of Supe; Various sites in these places
were visited, and the ruins of an exten
sive ancient town near San Nicolas were
made the subject of an extended explora
tion. > Dr.-: Uhle's latest explorations have
been in the region of Cuzco. %
WILL EXTEND
SAN DIEGO LINE
John D. Spreckels Announces
Intention of Running* His
Pioad Up Coast to La Jolla
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 29. — The San Diego
Electric Railway Company, . through
its president, J. D. Spreckels.v an
nounced to-day that as soon as the
men and materials can be secured the
line will be "extended; to Pacific Beach
and La Jolla, a distance of about four-r
teen miles iip the coast from the cen-'
tral portion of the city. In an" inter
view this evening.Mr/Spreckels said:
- "We h&.'e been considering: the advisability of
extending a suburban -street ear service to La
Jolla and have decided that conditions warrant
Buch an investment. I am ; anxious - the street
car system shall. be kept ahead of the needs of
the community, and, feeling assured that such
an extension can •be profitably \u25a0 operated, - we
have decided to put the new. line in. This will
bo an extension to the old town line, , for whloh
rails are already ordered. - Desirable ' rights of
nay have been secured and some additional sur
veys will ; now :be made to take advantage .of
th« best ; grade obtainable. The road ' will be
largely run on a .p^vate, right of way. It will
be \u25a0\u25a0 a fast electric ; service, i with the , best and
most modern car equipment. "_ Plans for. the sub
urban cars are already drawn and contracts for
the new cars will be let at the same time the
rails are 'ordered. Rail ordere will b« ' placed
within the' next- thirty days or so.
We have other plans for further, street-tail
way development under consideration, but I am
not prepared' to state what these plans are at
the present time. "JPJ§&££GS!P
! Manager Clayton \u25a0„ of the company
stated that the work on! the line
would be completed just' as quickly as
money can complete- it and that orders
for material will be placed immediate
ly."" The ~ line will parallel ;' the present
motor road, which^is owned- arid oper
ated by E. S, Babcock.'
TESTS : AT UNI VERSITY.
BERKELEY, Dec. . 29.— Important ex
periments^designed.tq test the merits
of| building matorialsTare to .be made
soon' by .the engineering^ department *of
tho ;: university. Concrete ; steel, v a
preparation -heretofore .untried, >" but
now in use •' on y a number.- of /buildings
in Los. Angeles.^'vyill? beitested, v as will
also the ' plan i of ;: using reinforced \u25a0_ con
crete.; • Concrete }; steel construction-has
becomes an 3 Important^ factor.' in struc-'
tural , engineering i work.; " The \u25a0\u25a0univer
sity; civil? engineering ; department twill
make a" strength .-. test y of the various
materials used .in 1 this Q style -, of : con
ptructlon.iunderithe- direction ? of .Pro
fessor Frank -Soule and i Professor r ;C
Derleth Jr.\ IThe^testsVtolbermadefof
California ": cements • are"* 'expected 'to
shbw^ the >vworth; of jthe California?ar
ticle, as > compared V with ithe": imported.^
The results, will" be published fas a de
partment. bulletin. :' ",--\u25a0'\u25a0'
BOAT. 13 )STOL,KN.— Oakland, Dec.; 2fl.—
Two young ; men ' hired "a* boat, * valued : at $30,
from Joseph j Perry .T at ; the foot of Alice street.
Tuesday. ~They :\u25a0 have i not * returned and - Perry
has reported his loss to the police. ,
PLOT REVEALED
BY ACCOMPLICE
Companion of Renton Tells
of Zimmerman's Plan to
Make a Dash for Freedom
ASKED TO BRING SAWS
William Kelleher.; Says- the
• Desperate Prisoner^ Had
Requested His Assistance
r OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— Through a confes
sion secured ' to-day by Sheriff Veale of
Contra Costa County from William Kel
leher, .one^of: the men who was. arrested
with H. D. Renton for the theft of a lot
of. copper wire from a warehouse at Point
Richmond and who was afterward con
fined' with him in the Martinez County
Jail, .where Renton gave a revolver, to
John Zimmerman, it was learned that the
latter, with Renton and another prisoner,'
had planned a general jail delivery and
the murder of Sheriff Veale and the jailer.
Kelleher was approached by Renton and
Zimmerman while a prisoner in Martinez
and after being sworn. to secrecy the plot
was revealed to hiy. ',He was told that
"it was up to him" to get some saws into
the jail as soon as he was released. Kel
leher told the Sheriff to-day that he
feared Renton and his desperate'accom
plice and was afraid to refuse to do as
they wished, -so he promised to smuggle
the required tools Into the Jail as soon as
he was freed.
After being released, however, he weak
ened, and he.lt was who finally gave the
information which yesterday led to the
discovery of the revolver hidden in Zim
merman's mattress.
Renton's examination. on the charge of
having carried a weapon Into the Mar
tinez County Jail has been set for
Wednesday, January 3. before Judge Hay
den, and his bonds have treen placed at
S2WO cash.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
DIVORCE SUlTS.— Oakland, D«c. 20— J. J.
Shcehan was granted a final decree of divorce
from Mabel She«han to-day.- on the ground of
cruelty. Luclle M. Lynch has begun a divorce
action against John F. Lynch for desertion.
WANTS -HEAVY DAMAGES.— Oakland, Dec.
29.— Mary L. . de . Gouvla began an action for
140,000 damages against the Pacific Coal Com
pany to-day for the death of her husband, John
M. ile Gouvla, who was killed through alleged
carelessness of tho company.
MAY IN'STALi, FUNERAL, FARtORS.—
Oakland, Dec. 2U. — By a decision of Judge Mel
vin to-day J. E. Henderson and F. W. Hart
can establish ~ undertaking parlors on Webster
street, near Fourteenth, notwithstanding resi
dents who attempted to enjoin them.
CHARGED WITH SWINDLING.— OakIand.
Dec. 29. — Louis Kohler 0f. 953 Magnolia street
v.as arraigned to-day before Police Judge Sam
uels on a charge of having obtained $175 from
the late . Mrs. Maggie Price under false pre
tenses.
LICENSE ORDINANCE SlGNED.— Oaklan-3,
Dec. 29. — Mayor Mott to-day signed the new
license ordinance, which wtll take 'effect Janu
ary L and will increase the city's revenue $50.
000 "a year. \u25a0*, The measure Is subject to amend
ments, several of which have been already In
troduced.
VENTURA ASSOCIATES.— OakIand.' Dec. 29.
An organization to be known as th« Ventura
Associates was Incorporated here to-day with a
capital stock fixed at 'f200.000.~- The directors
are G. E. Brlnckerhoff, R. H. Chamberlain, D.
E. Collins. Cary Howard. G. S. Lackie, J. B.
Richardson and A. T. Stewart.
LABORERS ARE INJURED.— Oakland. Dee.
29. — James Bass and T.~ Pedro, employed as la
borers by the Raneome- Construction Company,
were • seriously injured yesterday through th«
collision of tho gravel train on which they wer«
riding with a'bank which had shifted close to
the track. Both men were taken to the County
Hospital. \u25a0 ' ,
' FUNERAL, TO BE HELD IN. OAKLAND.—
Oakland, Dec. 29. — The funeral of William
IJddell a pioneer mining man of this State,
who was killed last Wednesday at the Rawhide
mine In Tuolumne County, of which he. was su
perintendent, will bo held to-morrow at 11 a. m.
from a local undertaking parlor. Interment
will be In Mountain View Cemetery.
DIES OF HIS WOUND.— Oakland. Dec. 29.
John Plerson, the Walnut Creek: merchant,
died of his self-lnfltcted wound at an early hour
this morning, after lingering twenty-four hours
with a bullet In his brain. His body was re
moved to the Morgue from the Receiving Hos
pital, where ha died at 6 o'clock this morning.
An inquest will be held on the body.
FALLS FROM MOVING TRAlN.— Alameda,
Dec. 29.— A. H. Krlete of 840 Santa Clara ave
nue fell from a moving train at High-street
station last evening and narrowly escaped be
ing crushed beneath the wheels." He ' was
dragged for some distance, and after losing his
hold wa6 shoved the length of a car before the
train was stopped. Krtete was severely brulse-1,
but no bones were broken.
RECLUSE AN OAKLAND MAN.— Oakland.
Dec. 20. — Attorney John W. Gwilt has received
a letter from Attorney ST. C. White of Chehalis,
Waeh.. asking for Information concerning th«
relatives of Harry Irwln, an aged man. who Is
living thi life of a hermit near that place. Ir
wln claims to be a former resident of this city
ar.d believes some of his relatives are still liv
ing here. He is without friends or money.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— OakIand, Deo. 29.
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: James F. Bates, 25,
and Edith A. Brown. 18, both of Oakland;
Frank A. Lawton, 40, Los Angeles, and Marie
Dahlback, 40, Oakland;, Morris I.' Bassett. 20,
Skyland, an-i Mabel M. Chamberlain, 28. Berke
ley; Charles E. Boot, 23, San Francisco, and
Violet Hall. 20, Alameda.
FREEHOLDER NOMINATING PLAN.—Ala
meda Dec. 29. — Resolutions favoring the nomi
nating of a candidate. from each of the election
precinct 3 for the board of freeholders to be
chosen to frame a new charter for the city
have been adopted by the \u25a0 West End "Alameda
Improvement Association. Under the plan the
nominees are to be named by the various Im
provement clubs from different portions of : tho
municipality.
WILL GIVE ANNUAL. BALL.— Oakland.
Dec 29.— The members of the Carmen's Social
and Benevolent Society of Alameda County will
give their ninth annual ball on February 13.
1806. and tickets for the affair have Already
been placed on »ale. The member* of the com
mittee In charge of the arrangements for th*
ball are "W. E. Watklns. G. W. Bacon. J. W.
Smith, A. J. Scott. E.-M. Skalne, George Bal
lantyne and W. H. Heaver. , ,
SMOKE FRIGHTENS WOMEN.— Oakland.
Dec 29. Occupants of • the . Grand Hotel ,at
955V4 Washington street, most of whom were
women were badly frightened this afternoon,
when the "rooms of ,the hotel suddenly filled
with smoke, \u25a0 driving jtthe occupants Into the
hallways J. -L; Tower • summoned the Fire
Department, and it was found that the smoke
was caused by. the burning^ of waste paper In
the, basement of the store of James J. Joyce,
beneath the hotel. 1
; WOULD-BE: FOOTPAD WORSTED.—Oak
land Dec ' 29.— -James Anderson of San Fran
cisco reported to Constable Tom Carroll of
Frultvale > that he \u25a0 was : held up last night at
the corner.! o ti,the old county road and Fruit
vale avenue.^' Anderson, when ordered to throw
up his hsnds, *aw that the footpad was un
armed ana ' struck him a heavy blow on the
jaw" knocking him down. ,- The would-be robber
sprang to^hia feet and ran from the scene.
SIMS'JjWIDOW GETS '\u25a0 INCOME.
- OAKLAND; -Dec. 29.— Mrs. Alice - E.
Sime of Berkeley. widow of .: the l late
Fletcher,; Sims, was granted letters of
administrattonlon'-his estate by. Judge
T. ,W." Harris , to-day and also ,an~ in
come of-] s3so: a month for the support
of herself ''_ and - children. There : waa
x»o objection s made ; on i the part of Mrs."
Blanche ' of ; Alameda. who set
up- a'xlaim p.to; be his 'widow. -v^Th.o
threatened : i contest oVer "the", estate ,hu9
been abandoned.' -The estate.. it ia be
lieved, 13 worth about 'sloo,ooo.
;.' three days', festival . Is to •be held iln
Bonn, ; where \ Schumann, , the composer,' Is
buried, ' and \u25a0 hear •.; which is the . asylum
where \u25a0he ended . his day a '
SEEKING UNO
FOR ITS RAILS
Bay Counties Railroad Com
pany Files Condemnation
Suits in City of San Eafael
DEEDS PLACED ON FILE
Corporation Will Run Line
Through Marin and Sono
ma to the Town of Napa
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL, Dec. 29.— The Bay Coun
ties Railroad Company, recently incorpor
ated to run" a line from San Francisco
through this county and Sonoma to Napa,
a distance of forty-five miles, to-day filed
deeds and a number of suits to condemn
tide water and other lands. Condemna
tion of all the tide water lots in Richard
son's Bay, between Strawberry Point on
the west and the western end of Belve
dere on the east, is asked for on the
ground that they are needed for terminal
purposes and yards. The company also
asks for a strip 100 feet wide running
back to the Corte Madera marsh. Five
actions for condemnation were filed in
the Clerk's office and a notice of each
action was filed in the Recorder's "ofilce.
Several conveyances to E. M. Wilson and
R. M. Hotaiin^ and reconveyances by
Wilson and Hotaling to the Bay Counties
Railroad Company were placed on file in
the Recorder's office by A. R. Baldwin
to-day.
The company's surveyors have been on
the ground-for several days and are work
ing under the directions of G. S. Dillman,
who was the chief engineer of the West
ern Pacific Railroad. They have moved
thtir camp to the easterly end of this city
and ,wijl probably begin where they left
off on Corte Madera marsh.
There are "over fifty defendants named
in the condemnation, the. principal ones
being B. F. Lyford and the Valentine,
Reeds, Crooks, Coleman, Forbes and
Deffebach estates.
OLD SAN FRANCISCAN HURT.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. : 29— Giuseppl Nocia.
an old San Franciscan, was struck by
the electric shoe of the North Shore
train this afternoon and his thigh wa«
badly fractured. He was taken to the
residence of his daughter. Mrs. Canes
sa, in Picnic Valley. ,
MORE FRUITS
FOR THE STATE
Dates, Pineapples and Hardy
Oranges Developed by the
Government Plant Bureau
"WASHINGTON". Dec. 29.— The activ
ity of the Bureau of Plant Industry of
the Department of Agriculture In its
efforts to improve agricultural condi
tions throughout the United States is
set forth in the annual report of the
director of the bureau, B. T. Galloway.
Co-operative work with the agri
cultural experiment stations of the
several States and Territories has been
extended. School garden work has
been assisted in many ways and 175,000
packets of seeds have been supplied to
schools. The work on cotton 'has in
cluded the conducting of experiments
to secure early and weavll -resisting
types. Single-germ beet sugar seed
will sjum be produced in quantities suf
ficient for field demonstrations. New
varieties of hardy oranges, new pine
apples and new races of corn and cot*
ton have been "developed In the labora
tory of plant breeding. Valuable strains
of tobacco have been obtained by hy
bridization. It has been shown that
heavy seed produces better plants thau
light seed. ~* l
The growing of winter wheat has
-been extended In the southern portions
of North Dakota and Minnesota, and
new cereals adopted to the Southern
States have been developed.
A new date garden has been established
at Yuma, A. T.. especially for the culti
vation of varieties from the Persian
Gulf. The planting of grasses as sand
binders has produced important results.
At the seed laboratory 9364 germination
tests and 1415 tests for mechanical purity
have been made. Of 1220 samples of seeds
obtained in the open market. 230 were
found to be either adulterated or mis
branded.
The foreign .explorations have resulted
In the securing of many valuable varie
ties of \u25a0 dates for the Government date
gardens in Arizona and California and
also many important dry land fodder
plants.
The results achieved in combating dis
eases of orchard fruits have been espe
cially gratifying. Remedies for the dis
ease of orange trees known as "die
back" have been discovered, and the pro
portion affected in a region, where ten
years ago 50 per cent of the trees were
diseased has been reduced to less than
one-tenth of 1 per cent. Disease-resistant
grapes are being developed .and propa
gated.
In the Congressional seed distribution
nearly 36,000.000 packets and packages of
seeds and more . than 230,000 grape vines,
strawberry plants and bulbs have, been
sent out.
DIIiECTOKS' MINUTES
EXAMINED IN COUET
Suit \u25a0\u25a0.-Against." Water Com
pany in San Diego
on Trial.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 29.— The second day
of. the 'suit of E...5. Babcock against
the; -Southern California Mountain
.Water Company and J. D. 'Spreckels,
by which the control : of the company,
'which now rest* In the defendant, j.
D." Spreckels; la , sought - by/- Babcock,
was devoted almost entirely to the ex
amination of . the ; minutes of the board
of "directors of the company, and to the
issued certificates of the stock. A..H.
Kayser, the general auditor of the com
pany,' 1 was on the stand all day. The
new feature of the proceedings to-day
was .the commencement . of the suits
against E. S. . Babcock and * his son, A.
K. Babcock; by the Southern California
Mountain Water Company to collect
about- $4000; due for rent of land and
supplies, alleged to have been taken
,by;the defendants. The hearing- of the
main case will be continued. to-morrow
morning.
ROUGH PASSAGE
OF TROPIC BIRD
Barkentine, Fourteen Dajs
% From the Columbia Biver,
Seeks Shelter at San Pedro
LOSES PART OF LOAD
For Seventy-Two Hours the
Vessel Is at Mercy of High
Wind and Heavy Seas
SAX PEDRO, Dec. 29.— With 100.000 feet
of her deckload of lumber gone and badly
battered and torn from a strenuous thres
days* conflict with a terrific storm. the
barkentine Tropic Bird, Captain Wlck
man. out fourteen days from the ColuiVT
bla River, crept behind the shelter of isl
outer breakwater late to-night.
The Tropic Bird left the northern port
on December 11. and for three days her
voyage was fine and uneventful. Oa De
cember 17 she ran into a severe south
by southwest gale, the storm breaking
upon the vessel with sudden fury, stand
ing the barkentine on her beam ends and
setting the decks awash. For three days
the crew and captain battled to save the
shtp, and to add to their worry and hard
ship, for sixty hours the cooks' galley
was flooded, forcing them to fight tho
fury of the storm without food.
On December W the storm was fiercest,
the winds and waves severely battering
the windjammer, forcing the sailors to
take refuge in the captain's cabin. Finally
the huge chains which secured her deck
load were swept into the sea. With the
loss of the deckload and the abatement of
the wind, the, vessel righted herself. Tho r
lumber lost is valued at about $2000.
DELAY IS FATAL.
Failure to Provide M«ht Is Cause ot
Wreck of Bark.
VICTORIA, B. C Dee. 29. — But for
delay in its manufacture a li£ht would
have been established on Amphitrito
Point, where the bark Pas 3 of Mel
fort was lost on Tuesday night. Tho
Board of Trade this afternoon tele
graphed a resolution to Ottawa ask
ing tbat a telegraph line be connected
to the whaling station at Seachart in
Barclay Sound, about. twelve miles t,'|jj
tant from where the Pass of Jldilft
was lost, and tbat arrangements be
made with the Pacific Whaling Com
pany to use their steam whaler Orion
In lifesaving 1 work.
VESSEL IN BREAKERS.
French Bark. Coal Laden. I» la Dan-
Serous Position.
ASTORIA. Dec. 2D. — A vessel sup
posed to be the French bark Jean
Baptlste, coal laden, from Newcastle,
N". S. "W"., Is In the breakers, under
north seas, with both anchors down.
The bar tugs Tatoosh and Wallula are
standing by and although she la In a
dangerous position It is thought that
with their aid the bark will pull clear
on the early morning tide If no vio
lent changes in weather conditions are
made.
SCHOO.VER OS ROCKS.
PORTLAND, Dec. ».— A special to the
-Oregonlan from Bandon, Or., states that
the three-masted schooner Advance is on
•the rocks at the north side of the moutb
of the Coquille River and that she will
probably go to pieces. The crew has not
been rescued and 13 hi great danger of
being lost. The Advance is owned by O.
F. Doe & Co. of San Francisco. .
CAIIILL.
The Cairn Great .\rt!»«.
llax a I'ull-I'ajje Dranhir
YS XETT SUNDAY'S fA1.1,.
fcmfo"— MlHßMW—^MM Mi
WOMAN THE ."CAUSE f
OF DEADLY DUEL
Her Fondness for Another
Han Than Husband Pro-
yokes Shooting Affray.
BISBEE. Dec. 29.— George Hairier
and E. M. McClean were fatuily
wounded In a revolver duel which tiulc
place in the Wolverine Boarding- housa
at Lowell last night. McClean caugnc
Haigler In the company of his (XIo-
Clean' 3) wife and fired six shots
through a window at Haigler. wbt*
drew a revolver and returned the flra.
McClean was shot through the lung*
and Haigler through the abdomen.
McClean thought his wife and Halgier
were too friendly and laid a trip. Ha
left home under pretense of going to
Douglas. and returning shortly,
peeked Into a bedroom window, saw
them together and opened fire. Both
men will die.
Death or William nrrnrr.
SAX XIATEO, Dec. 20.— William A. P.
Brewer, one of the wealthiest residents
of this section, died yesterday at his
home at El Cerrlto Park.
SCOTT'S EMU LSI OX. .
MOTHER
% AND CHILD.
Let the mother take
Scott's Emulsion for the
two; it never fails to
benefit them both. One
can eat for two, but nour-
ishing two is a different
thing. It calls for a de-
gree of internal" strength
that the average woman
lacks. People of luxury
are not very strong by
habit; overworked people
are weak in some func-
tions from exhaustion or
their surroundings. Scott's
Emulsion can be depend-
ed u pon to overcome such
conditions. is a w^-
derfut food for a mother
and child.
ICOTT ft BO W N Z, 409 VmA 3m-» Km York.KOREA WILL CARRY LARGE CARGO
.Pacific Mail Liner Sails
This Afternoon for
the Orient
Some Prominent Honolulu
' People Among Her
Passengers.
Japanese Agent Wants His
Countrymen to Settle
in Texas.
The Pacific Mail Company's liner Korea,
Captain William Seabury, will sail at 1
o'clock this afternoon for the Orient,
dwrply laden with cargo and carrying ISO
< Tf ':: passengers and about 250 Asiatics.
Amon^ the Korea's passengers will be
a.' number of prominent Honolulu people,
Including E. F. Bsshcp and A. D. Te'nny.
Mrs. Simpson, mother-in-law of Bishop
Partridge, who is stationed In Japan, will
also be a passenger on the liner.
Among the passengers will be a real
prince of India, who is traveling under the
ns»me El Hagg AbduUah-Eli. He will be
&ccompameu on the Korea by his private
e-crctary, Alexander Tarpinian.
T. Okasaki, a Japanese Immigration
rgc'nt, will return to Japan on the Korea.
C'Uasaki claims to have secured 10.000
f res of fertile farming land in Texas and
be is going to Japan to secure settlers for
ids cblony. He expects to bring back SOO
J.imi!ii?s to whom the concern that now
ho;<ls the land wili pell farms.
Tho Korea's cargo includes much ma
chinery and a large shipment of flour. .
*>p*nd a II tiujirv Xlsht.
Inspecting Engineer F. M. Charming of the
I'nitfd States Lighthouse Board and Isaac
Knulson and W. I>. Holmes, who will look out
lor th<» light v.-hen tlie new beacon roes into
<i">n.imissir.n. spent Thi*sdey night on . Mile
Rock. They visited the new lighthouse for the
I'urpo** of seeing that everything was in
readiness for the o'ricia! illumination of the
beacon^ A«r th«y inspected the wind developed
velocity that a hijrh sea was Rtlrred up.
\u25a0Rhi.-h made it Impossible for the men to grt
efhore. The . lighthouse as yet is unprovided
with blanket* and the new kitchen boasts only
en empty larder. Th? • night was chilly and
the miarooned trio spent the hour* of darkness
trtimpinif round and rcund inside the circular
timer. There was no supper ar.d no breakfast
a"d the three men were cold and hungry yeg
t«Sk*>* morning when one of Crowley'i
••''Tithes took them off the rock.
Saved bjr Henry Peterson.
Henry Peterson, the pioneer laur.ehman and
former champion oarsman, dived into the chilly
\u25a0waters of the bay yesterday and saved Pasqua!
l*ugrlJgEe from death by drowning. Peterson,
\u25bc."ho has transffmed his iaunch business from
Koleom street to the b-Jlkhoad between Mls
f!on-«reet wharves 1 and 2, was standing in
the doorway of his new office when Pugligse,
•who is eaid to he mentally afflicted. Jumped
from the. bulkhead into the bay. No sooner
divJ he reach the cold water than he began
yelling for h*ln. He cculd not ewim and had
b^fn totally submerged twice when Peterson
reached the bulkhead stringer. Without -a
moment's hepitaticn, without stopping ever, tn
rrmove hiF hat. Peterson dived into the water
and with a few powerful strokes reached the
drowning Pu^Mgse. It was the work of a few
seconds to <3rag the struggling man to the lad
<i'r and within ten minutes Pasqual Pugligse
was be.twee n dry blankets in a cot at the
Ilarbcr Koifital.
Advanoe Smashes Rodder.
. - ... -." . - -• . \u25a0
The schooner Advance, while sailing into the
r • • of Eandon ypsterdar, was blown against
the north jetty w:th such force that Bhe car
ried awVy her rudder und rudder post. At last
« Brcocnts the schooner was lying in an easy po
sition near • the lighthouse.
l.nmhrr Loading Record.
A TiorJd's record for loading lumber was "es
tsbUshed a few days ago at Port Gamble by
the sKvedcree loading the British steamer
Henley. In eleven hours 503,000 feet of lum
ber were stowed away through the four
batchf-e, twelve men being engaged at each
hatch. The nearest approaching records were
jnade. et Port Blakely on the same vessel,
«'hen 450,00 C» feet were stowed la the came
length of time, and at Port Ludlow some years
ago. when 400.000 feet were disposed of in a
long das'.
Curacao Doe To-Day.
Ilie Pacific Coast Steamship Company's little
white liner Curacao, Captain Paulsen, from
Mexico, passed Hueneme at 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon and will reach here to-day.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
flatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The schooner Sequoia was cJeared yesterday"
;for Masatlan. Mexico, with 97,750 ft lumber,
1200 cs powder, S os fuse, 3 rs blasting caps
*«jid £0 cs carbon, valued at $3295./ •;-_/• ..'
Shipment* for Hawaii
The steamer Nevadan, which sailed on Thurs
day for Hcnolula and Kahulul, had an assorted
Cargo consigned to various Hawaiian ports,
Yaluefl at $305,000 and Including the following:
714 bbls flour, f.TCO gals €3 cs wine, 250 cats
S5 cs whisky, 15 cs gin, 164 cs mineral water.
10 cs champagne. 250 gals 1 cs spirits. 192 gals
elcohol, TO cc liquors, 5 cs porter, 412 ctls bar
ley, 79 ctls wheat. 109 ctls corn, 7831 lb* beans,
«7r.e lbs middlings, 195 ctls oats. 175 bales hay,
fc2s pkgs fresh fruits, 35 pkgs fresh vegetable*.
£60 pkg-s potatoes. 28 pkes onions, «82 lbs gar
lic. 28 bbls 10 cs 'salmon, Z2.500 lbs lard, 75 cs
eggs, 2238 Ib« butter. 3074 lbs 7 cs cheeee, 377
j krs paste, 13,120 lbs codHsn, 4346 lbs assorted
<sried fish, 27 cs table preparations, 1247 lbs S
tk» nuts 2352 lbs 249 cc bread, 4000 lbs ealt.
StC lbs chocolate, 200 lbs coffee, 720 lbs 1 cs
tea, 4 cs olives, 7 cs olive oil, 5 bbls baking
powder 1555 lbs 7 cs dried fruit, 545 lbs rais
ing 1121 -cs canned goods. 5132 lbs 32 cs mill
stuffs. 108 pkgs prepared fish, 8044 lbs ham and
bacon 78 pkgs groceries and provisions, 20.533
lbs 2 cs tobacco,. 12 cs cigars, 2402 lbs soda, 2
automobilee, 33 pkgs brooms, 37 pkffs add, 10
brJes twine, CS pkgß electrical goods, 144 pkgs
£rv goods, 27 cs boots and snoes. 9 cs hats, 11
pjt?* wagon material. 22 cs tewing machines.
*5T lbs «eeds, 13 bble tar. 51 pkgs drugs and
eundries. CS cs 3 bbls oils. 10 pcs pipe, 36 ska
coal C rolls leather, 44 bars steel, 22 pkgs ma
chln'ery 27 pcs 4 bdls Iron, feOO cs coal' oil, 178
rfcps nails, 24 bdls wire. t» pkgs paints. 93 ca
toap, 18 ceils rope. 423 pkgs railroad material,
SM'CC powder, 10 c« fu«e, 2200 gals distillate.
Mi cs gasoline, 42,280 lbs tin plate, 594 pkgs
building material, 10 cs turpentine. 250 bbls
rement 20 tin? matches, 24 pkgs mlllwork, 1
m-i ntnmnnffl. 411 live hogs. 4 horses, 16 mules.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
ttftetj States Coast and Geodetic Burvey —
Time end Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Uay. Publish**! by official authority of the
«ai>erirtendent.'
NOTE — The hlßh and low waters occur at
tnt city front <Mlt-e!on-*treet wharf) about 25
»ninu>es luu-r than at Fort Point: the height
or. tide ,1s the same at both, places.
SATURDAY. DECEMBER 30.
Fun rl»3s ......".... 7:25
Bun eets 6:01
Moon ; rises '....» 9:44 p.m.
C ITlme' ITime! iTime JTlme!
I J f Ft. i Ft. I Ft. Ft. ;
? ill Wf |L W| [H W| [L WJ
SO 3:201 5.0' 8:2? l S.Oj 2:17) 4.8J R:43! 0.2
£1 4:02! S.l! 9:40| 2.S 3:18! 4.4! 9:29 0.8,
j B:CO! 6.J|10?45 2.8J 4:22( 3.7!10:20| 1.3
2 5:41! 5.1f11:55i 2.«f 5:451 3.4111:051 1.8,
8 C:22; 5.« 1:00; 2.2 7:02 .T4|ll:so| 2.3
4 17:00 6.0] 1:37 1.6 8:15! 3.5......
iL, W H W L W| H W
ft 12:31 \u25a0 2.6 7:30] 5.1 2:20 1.2 »:1S 3.6
C 1:20 2») 8:00, 5.2 3:00 0.8 10:05 3.8
7 I 3:10! 3.1| fe:3o| 8.3| 3:SBi 0.3|10:51| 4.0
' NOTE—^In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
t.Bnd column and O»» successive tide* of tbe
<jaj the order of occurrence ac to time; the
Jotr*m'time columm gives the last t!d« of the
cay«*ricept whf-n ttere are but three tides, as
sometimes occur*. The hedghts give-n 'are In
ecdltlon to the eo-i&Sir.ge of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus < — )
»ign precedes the hr^^t, and then the number
Slven la subtracted from the deoth rlvaa . fay
the charts. The plane of reference is the xnea:
of the lcwer low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydro&raphic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
Friday. Dec. 29. 1005:
The Time Bail on th<\ tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the lUOtb meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
lloremrnt* of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
i Steamer. From. . I Due.
South Bay... San Diego [Dec. 30
Elizabeth Coquille River [Dec. 30
Curacao \u25a0 Mexican Porto .- (Dec. 30
Senator Portlands Astoria |Dec 30
B. Monica San Pedro |Dec. 30
Denderah Seattle (Dec. 30
F. Kilburn Portland & Way Ports. Dec. 81
Arctic Humbolat jDec. 31
Sea Foam.... Mendocino St Pt. ArenaJDec. 31
Breakwater... Coos Bay Dec. 31
R. Dollar "San Pedro Jan. 1
M. Dollar 'San Pedro ..-.;....-... .Jan. 1
Chas. Nelson./ Seattle & Tacoma [Jan. 1
Homer ' Portland & Astoria |Jan. 1
Jeanie \u25a0 Los Angeles Ports jJan. 1
Eureka ; Humboldt [Jan. 1
Corona ! Humboldt ..pan. 1
M. F. Plant...! Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.jJan. 1
Centralla | Grays Harbor i Jan. 1
City Puebla... l Puset Sound Ports. :..| Jan. 1
State Cai .San Diego & Way Pts.jJan. 1
F. Leggett... Humboldt ...Jan. 1
ReldJir Nanaimo .(Jan. 1
Del Norte Crescent City .Jan. 2
Bonite Newport & Way Pts..Jan. 2
Rainier .Seattle & Bellingham. .jJan. 2
Northland San Pedro Jan. 2
Aroer. M&ru.. China and Japan 'Jan. 9
Peru..'. New York via Ancon..jJan. 3
W Kruger... Portland & Astoria |Jan. S
Pomona... \u25a0 , Humboldt ....... |Jan. 4
Porno 'Arena & 'Albion. t Jan. 4
Santa Ro«av- ! San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 4
Cascade: 'Portland & Astoria Jan. 4
Columbia I Portland & Astoria Man. 4
N orth Fork .. -I Humboldt . . . [Jan. 4
Nebratkan ] Honolulu & Kahulul.. .Jan. 5
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Jan. 6
CmaUlla Puget Sound Porte ! Jan. ti
I Newport I New York via Ancon. . .'Jan. S
TO SAIL.
Steamer, j Destination. I Sails Pier.
j December SO. | I
Redondo Astoria & PortlandjlO am|Pler 2
; Scuth Bay.. Astoria & Portland.) 5 pmiPier 27
Norwood... Grays Harbor .2 pm Pier 2
Aberdeen... Grays Harbor | 4 pm Pier 16
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor j 4 pm Pier 2
: Poaio Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
Korea [China & Japan f 1 pm|Pier 40
San Juan...) N. Y. via Ancon. .|l2 mi Pier 40
J. HlgKins. I Los Angeles Ports.!ll ami Pier 2
December 31. I I
Vanguard.. Humboldt ...| 5 pmlPier 27
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.) 9 amlPier 11
Pomona Humboldt !l:3up)Pier 9
Queen I Puget Sound Portelll am|Pier 9
; January 1. I -
R Dollar.. Seattle & Tacoma. 3 pm]Pler 20
F. Kilburn. Portland & Way... "2 pm Pier 20
jeanie Astoria & Portland. spm Pier 5
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.| 9 am | Pier 11
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 10 amlPier 10
F. Leggett. Los Angeles Ports. 12 mjPier 2
January 2. !
Elizabeth.. Coquille River 1 5 pm'Pler 20
Senator Astoria & Portland ill am Pier 21
Northland.. Astoria & Portlandl 5 pm|Pler 27
January 3. I
Homer Astoria & Portland! 4 pm,Pier 24
Eureka Humboldt ....i 9am|Pier 5
Watson Seattle & Tacoma. .| 5 protPier 20
Corona Humboldt l:3op|Pier 9
M. F. Plant Coos Bay 4 pmjPier 11
fieaFoam.. Point Arena ...... 4 pm.Pler 2
Arctic...... Humboldt 8 am Pier 2
Breakwater Coos Bay 5 pmiPier 8
Denderah... Hamburg & Way.. 1 12 m| Pier 19
| January 4. I I
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 amlPier 11
Ventura • Sydney *; Way Pts. 2 pmiPier 7
i January 5. I „„
Chas Nelson Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Bcnlta [Newport & Way.. 9 amlPier 11
Reinler ! Seattle & Bel'ham. 12 mjPier 10
City Puebla 1 Puget Sound Ports 11 am j Pier 9
| January 6. I _
N. Fprk. . . . f Humboldt » amjPler 20
City Sydney N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 m|Pler 40
\u25a0a]';-?' Jannary 7. \u25a0** ! _ a
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am,Pler 24
Curacao Mexican Ports .|lO am|Pler 11
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. | Destination. Sails.
Banta Clara. . . Seward & Way Ports. . . Jan. 1
Jefferson..... Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 3
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 7
Bertha I Cooks Inlet & Way^ts.|Jan. 10
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, December 29.
~ Stmr Pomona, Swaneon, ,18 hours from
Eureka. - *. - * \u25a0 -* '-
Etmr Vanguard, . Odland, 23 hours . from
Stmr M aerie. Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay. \u25a0
Bark Annie Johnson, Nelson, 20 days from
Power schr Sotoyotoe, Bash, 45 hours from
Eureka.
Schr Esther Buhne, Olsen, 7 days from Coos
Bfl V
• Schr Vega, Nystrom, 13 flays from Port
Schr Santiago, Anderson, 22 hours from Mon
terey, in tow of tug Relief.
Tug Relief. Marshall. 22. hours from Mon
terey, with ecfcr Santiago in tow.
CLEARED*,
Friday. December 29.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Fr bark Jacaues, Michel. Portland ; E C
Evan*.
Schr Sequoia, Hutman, Mazatlan; Wm
° U3n - SAILED. .
Friday, December Z%-
Stmr Whittler, Dlckson. Vancouver.
Stmr Tampico. Roberts, Portland/
' Ger stmr Pentaur. Monnlcb, Comox and
1 Vancouver and not en 28th as before reported.
\ Etmr Greenwood. Dorwin,,Mendoclno.
StmV Eureka. Jessen, Eureka. ;
Stmr Chico. Martin. Shelter Cove and Coos
Bay.
Stmr Argyll, Monroe, Portland via Port Har
ford
Btmr Brunswick. Ellefsen. Fort Bragr.
Stmr G C Llndauer, Allen, Grays Harbor.
Etmr laqua. Johnson. Willapa Harbor.
Stmr Helen P. Drew, Gunderson, Greenwood.
gtmr Santa Cruz, Hall, Monterey.
Btmr Edith, Crotky, fieattle. - „ .
Rchr Ida A. Beck. Point Reyes.
Scbr Wlnalow, Hutton, Tacoma. . .
Schr Newark, 'Jahnsan. Byzbeea Landing.
SPOKEN.
Dec 10— Lat 14 S. long 36 W, Ger bark
Echiffbek, from Hamburg for Santa Rosalia.
Dec 15 — Lat 36 N, long. 15 W, Fr ship \u25a0Join
vine from London for San: Dlero. . \u25a0 . .
r>tc 11— Lat 8 10 S. long 24 20 W, Br bark
/THE; SAX;;FRANGISCO- CALL, SATURDAY^- DECEMBER 30, ] 1905.;
SCHOOXBR JENNIE STELLA,
WHICH WAS DRIVEN ASHORE
THE OTHER DAY AT NAVIDAD.
; Morven. from Antwerp *for S*n Francisco; all
1 well.
I TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOB, Dec 29, 10 o m— Weather
cloudy;" wind NW;j velocity 16 mllea per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTB.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 28— Stmr Newsboy,
hence Dec 26; stmr Arctic, hence Deo 27.
! PORT HARFORD— SaiIed Dec 28— Barga 3,
[ for San Francisco, In tow of tug Sea Rover.
BELLING HAM — Arrived Dec 28— Stmr
Rainier, h«nce Dec 23 via Seattle.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Dec 28— Stmr Melville
Dollar, for San Francisco, and t not Robert
Dollar; etmr San Gabriel, for Umpqua.
Arrived Dec 28 — Stmr Jeanle, hence Dec 26.
Arrived Dec 28— Scfar Willie R Hume, from
Everett. ' .
Sailed Dec 29— Etmr Shasta, for San Fran
cisco; «tmr South Coast, for San Francisco;
schr Bailor Bay, for Grays Harbor.
SEATTLE— BaiIed Dec 28— Stmr Harold
Dollar, for Seward. Dec 29— Stmr Alaskan,
for Tacoma.
Arrived Dec 28— Stmr Umatllla, hence Dec
2C; 6tmr Mackinaw, hence Dec 25.
Sailed Dec 29 — Stmr City of Puebla, for San
Francisco; stmr Oregon, for Valdez and
Seward.
TATOOSH— Passed out Dec 20— Schr Baln
brldge, from Port Blakeley for San Pedro.
Passed in Dec 20— Schr C S Holmes, from
San Pedro for Nanaimo. \u25a0 / \u25a0 • .
Passed out Dec 29 — Stmr" Harold Dollar,
from Seattle for Seward ; stmr Chas ' Nelson,
from Seattle for San Francisco.
StONTERBY— Arrived Dec 29 — Stmr ; Rose
crans. with ship Marion Chllcott in tow ; from
Honolulu. . ,' .
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Dec 29— Stmr
! State of California, . hence Dec 28, and sailed
for San Dtego«.
Arrived Dec 29 — Stmr Robert Dollar, from
San Pedro. ' " , '
. PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 29^-Ship
M P Grace, hence Dec 20. . '
Arrived Dec 29 — Schr Irene, from San Diego.
TACOMA^-Sailed Dec 29— Schr J H Bruce,
for Redondft*. . .
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Dec 29— Schr
Willis A Holden, from Ballard. - .
Sailed Dec 2t>— Ship John A Briggs, for New
York. '
Sailed Dec 29 — Bktn Amazon, for Shanghai.
COOS BAY — Arrived Dec 25 — Schr Compeer,
hence Dec 17. Dec 23— Stmr M F Plant, hence
Dec 27; stmr Breakwater, hence Dec 27; Etmr
F A Kilburn, from Aetorla for San Francisco;
schr Glendale. from San Pedro; schr Jessie
Minor, hence Dec 26; echr Advent, hence
Dec 22.
' Sailed Dec 29 — Stmr Alliance,- for Astoria.
ASTORIA — Arrived Dec 29 — Stmr Cascade,
hence Dec 26.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Dec 29 — Bktn
Skagit. from San Pedro.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Dec " 29— Schr F M
Slade, from San Pedro; echr'Watson A West,
from Guaymaj?.
BANDON- Arrived Dec 29 — Schr ißuby,
hence Dec 20.
HUENEME— Passed Dec 29. 4 p m— Stmr
Curacao, from Guaymas for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Dec 29 — Schr A
M Baxter, hence Dec 22 ; schr Watson A West,
from Guaymas; schr F M Slade, from San
Pedro.
Sailed Dec 29— Stmr Centralla, for San Fran
cisco. •
REDONDO — Arrived Dec 29— Stmr Geo
Lomis, hence Dec 27.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Dee 29— Stmr Manda
lay, for San Francisco. \u0084 \u25a0
ISLAND PORTS^ '
HONOLULU— Arrived Deo 29— Stmr Ala
meda, hence Dec 23; bktn S F Wilder, from
Guaymas. .
KAHULUI— SaiIed Dec 28— Stmr Nebraskan,
for San Franclaco.
KAANAPALI — Sailed Dec 28 — Stmr Nebra*
kan, for San Franclseco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK — Arrived Dec 28 — Br »tmr
Sikh, from Philadelphia.
FOREIGN PORTS. : \u0084:
COLON— Sailed Dec 26— Nor stmr x Ta*u«,
for New York, . \u25a0 •. -.'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
ANCON— Sailed Dec 21— Etmr San Jose, for
San Francisco.
CALLAO— Sailed Dec 21 — Ger itmr Men,
for San Francisco.
CORINTO — Sailed D«c 12 — Ger etmr Anubis,
for i Hamburg.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Dec. 27— Br etmr Manuka,
for Vancouver. '
VICTORIA — Arrived Deo 29— Stmr Umatllla,
hence Dec 26. ' . , .
ACAPULCO — Sailed Dee 28— Stmr Aztec, for
Acajutla.
ENSENADA— SaiIed Dec 28 — Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco. \u25a0*
COQUIMBO — In port Oct 80 — Br ship Swan
hilda, for Port Townsend.
PISAGUA— In port Oct 31— S wed ehlp Thes
salus, for Port Townsend.
llEBBURN— Launched Nov 25— Br etmr
Teueer, , to load at Liverpool for China, Japan
and Tacoma. , \u25a0 ,
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Deo 28 — Etmr Peru.
for San Francisco.
Memorandum.
BANDON, Dec 29 — Schr Advance.* which
sailed from San ; Francisco " Dec 20 for this
port, • while Falling in was blown: against north
Jetty and had rudder and rudder post carried
away; ' veeseJ/ now lying :in an easy position
near lighthouse: will try to float her to-night.
New Steamship Company.
Articles of incorporation of the
Union Steamship Company, which will
be operated In connection with the
Union Oil Company,, were, filed in
this city yesterday. The> capital
stock . is $5,000,000.. The directors
are; Lyman Stewart, - :. "William :L/
Stewart, • J. . S. Torrance," W. F.:_ Bols
ford, Fillmore Condit. Duane B. Minard
and John Baker, all of whom give their
address as- 15 ICxchange; place, Jersey
City. It is stated:' that it: Us the pur
pose of the company,' to ' enter into - the
transportation business between Pacific
Coast ports and ._ Panama and the
Orient : and also: to . ; runt, steamers : be
tween the eastern side •of Panama and
Europe. ij , a ,l?\ \u25a0.
LEFT, PENNILESS' AMONG, STRANGERS.
Mrs. Robert Reeves called ; at police headauar
ter« jesterday - and; asked assistance in' locating
her husband. While her husband wan workln jr
for the Iron Mountain Mining In
Shasta County., about eighteen months ago, she
left for Australia-, to visit 'her; parents and
friends. He wrote her that :,he was worktnir
for the. Tnller Company,^ near; Denver." When
she arrived here by the steamer last -Wedneo
day she wired to Denver,^: but received no reply
She_is living at the Winchester Hotel- with hef
little daughter and Is. penniless. Chief Dinan
will communlcat* with the Denver police.
Weather He\i»ort.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 29—5 p. m. '
The following: maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported.for the previous day: ,
Cincinnati CtJ-40 St. Louis . . . 50-36
Chicago .'42-30 Washington \u25a0\u25a0..'..-. 52-40
Boston .56-38 Jacksonville ... . .64-50
New York. 64-44 New Orleans .'. ..CC-44
Philadelphia 56-42 i Honolulu ... .78-70
Pittsburg ....66-40
BAN FRANCISCO ....... 82-44
The following: are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date last season, and rainfall In last twenty
four, hour*: - ..
Last This Last
'Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka. ..:... 0.01 9.03 15.07
Red Bluff 0.00 3.65 12.36
Sacramento 0.00 1.68 8.29
San Francisco .... 0.00 2.65 9.73
San Jose 0.00 3.18 6.88
Fresno 0.02 1.34 8.31
Independence ...... 0.00 0.43 0.45
San Luis Oblspo... 0.02 2.16 ' 4.96
Loo Angeles 0.00 3.11 1.90
San Diego 0.04 4.45 1.82
THE COAST RECORD.
\u25a0 a \u25a0.- k< s d . » ,:s
STATIONS. \u25a0? '1| '131 3 :$' >p . "P
' ! I I ;°; ° : "' - §
' ? • . '.
Baker 30.34 30 8 SE Cloudy T.
Reno 30.32 28 20 ;B, Clear -.02
Eureka 50. 32 46 36 BE Cloudy -.01
Fresno .......30.32 46 34 N\V , Clear ? .02
S. E. Farallon.3o.So 51 49 NW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff .....20.94 26 8 NW Pt.Cldy .20
Independence .30.14 46 26 6 Clear .00
Los Ange1e5. ..30.12 C 2 43 SE Clear .00
Mt. Tamalpala3o.32 41 33 NTV Cloudy .00
Phoenix 30. 02 . 56 30 SW Clear T.
Point Reyes ..30.24 49 45 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Pocatello .....30.32 22 8 SE Clear .04
Portland \u0084...30.04 42 36 SB Rain .16
Red Bluff 30.34 44 34 N Cloudy .00
Roseburg v... .30.16 40 30 S ' ; Rain ;-.06
Sacramento-. .i 30 .82 .48 32 N j Clear v«~ .0<)
Salt Lake 30.26 22 16 N Clear ;i-06
San Francisco. 3o.34 52 44- N Pt.Cldy .00
San Jo_e 30.82 60 34 NW Pt.CTdy'.OO
R. L.- 0b15p0.'. 30.28 54 '38 ' N Clear .02
San Diego ...30.12 58 -52 NW Clear; .04
Seattle ..29.92 42 34 SB -Rain .04
Spokane ......30.14 32 26 SE Cloudy -.02
Tatoosh :.29.74 40 SG S Rain .30
Walla Wa11a.. 30. 14 42 82 S , Cloudy .01
Wlnnemuf.ca ..80.36 18 18 T SW Clear .04
Yuma 30.10 62 38 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS -AND GENERAL!
; FORECAST.
A storm has appeared : on the ' Washington
coast and will probably mfcve rapidly south
ward. Rain Is now falling In Western Oregon
and fresh southerly winds are blowing north
of Cape Mendocino. Throughout California the
weather ha 9 been clear and cold and conditions
are favorable for frosts Saturday: morning.
Citrus fruit .growers have been warned .to
sniudso. ;
The outlook is for increasing cloudiness and
rain Saturday from San Francisco northward.
FORECAST FOR DECEMBER. 30.
San Francisco and vicinity — -Increasing cloud
iness J Saturday, probably rain \u25a0 by night; light
north winds, changing to southerly.
Los Angeles -and vicinity — Fair Saturday,
with increasing cloudiness; light north winds,
changing-, to southerly; heavy, frost in the
morning; citrus fruit growers should smudge.
Sacramento i Valley — Increasing cloudiness
Saturday, probably . rain -by night; light north
winds, changing to southerly. -
San Joaquln Valley — Fair Saturday; heavy
frost. ln the morning; light north winds.
Coast — Rain Saturday north of San Fran
cisco; cloudy south; brisk southeast winds.
. Nevada — Cloudy, and \ wanner Saturday..
A. G. McADIEj District Forecaster.
ABRESTS FOR LAND
FRAUDS IN NEBRASKA
Dismissed Receiver One of
Those Accused by the
Government.
OMAHA, Neb., Dec. 29.— J.C. Pettljohn.
\u25a0whcTwas recently removed from 'the office
of Receiver of the ; Valentine land office,
was arrested ". to-day! upon' a complaint
filed by Special United States Attorney
Rush by direction of the Attorney Gen
eral's \u25a0 office^ Pettijohn is charged - with
subornation: of perjury, conspiracy in se
curing fraudulent land; entries and un
lawfully inclosing Government lands. At
torney Tucker of Valentine was also ar
rested for alleged complicity; in the land
frauds. ; ". ""'.'-..'.•\u25a0 ;.' .,' •?'\u25a0 -".-'.\u25a0•" '.-".v-
Word has also been received by the
Federal authorities here of ;the arrest of
Edward JLetson, son of .Mayor Letson of
Horton, JCans., in the same connection.
It is announced that other arrests will
follow very shortly. ,
BURGLARS PAY SEVEN VISITS
TO GOTHAM JEWELRY STORK
Within tbe Last Three Years Pro
prietor* Have j Been - Robbed - of :
$20,000 Worth , of Goods. \u25a0.\u25a0 ..
NEW YORK, Dec. / 2 9."— For the sec
ond time, within three months and the
seventh ' \u25a0 time within • th"P&e> years the
jewelry store of Schwartz Bros, at 1363
Broad way, 1 in" the , heert of J the Tender
loin district, .was. robbed, to-day -and
about ys'4ooo' \u25a0 worth of diamond', rings
and watches were stolen. .The loss on
the fleve.n robberies, according; ;to ' a
member of the firm., aggregates $20,000/.
MRS. PITZSIMMONS WILL NOT
TALK OP A RECONCILIATION
Sa>«' She la Willing to Compromise the
: ' ; "j l*roperty ; ' Settlement, - but ;\VIII
\u25a0" ' : Not Return to 'lliiMhnnd.
ST. ' PAUL," ; Minn.i Dec. : 29.— -A' special
.to the " Dispatch - from j Sioux Falls, •S.
Dak.; says:-y Mrs.cßobert 'Fitzsimrhons,:
who; is^ here for "a d ivorce. said : ; to-day:
"Bob . need .not -talk : reconciliation j to ;
me. : . I expect ' he will be here T soon, and
I am willing ; to^ talk f cbmpro'mlaelin' the
matter, of property, ; but will ;never con
sent to, again \u25a0\u25a0 live 7 . with; him.".; .
{\u25a0'/,: If you desire a~good appetite' and .wish
toTenJoyJevery meal you eat, take Lash's
Kidney and > Liver Bitters. . •
CAPTAIN WEBER
GETS LAID OFF
Blamed by Local Inspectors
for Death of the Boy
James Mitchell by Burns
MASTER IS NEGLIGENT
Failure 'to Report Leaky
Oil Tanks to Authorities
Punished With Suspension
The United States local inspectors of
steam vessels, O. F. Bolles and. John K.
Bulger, yesterday handed down a deci
sion suspending for ninety days the li
cense of Henry, Weber, master, and
James H. Spencer, chief engineer of the
steamer- Despatch. The decision is) as
follows :
After a j.' careful- consideration of the evi
dence taken in this case we find that the
tire which took place on the steamer Despatch
about 4:50 o'clock p. m.. on December 8 . last,
while the vessel was "lying near the Sixteenth
street drydock, causing "the death of James
Mitchell, a boy, .by asphyxiation, originated
from . gases generated by fuel oil on board
that; vessel. Whether the gases were -gen
erated f ro:n the. oil which came from the. leak
ing tanks .on board or from the oil heater,
the pressure gauge of which was knocked off,
we a.re unable to determine, owing to the.
conflicting evidence given in the case. -There
can bo no doubt, however, • from the evidence,
that the cause of the tire originated from the
gases, generated on board the vessel and
which came' in contact with open lights that
were being used by the carpenters, machinists
and ; sealers on that day, In lieu of electric
or Davy lamps, which should have been-; used
for safety and no doubt -would have averted
the accident.
W e also find from the evidence that Henry
Weber and James M.- Spencer, " master and
chief engineer respectively of the steamer D«s r
patch, depended on the superintending engineer
and the managing owner, to whom they re
ported, and who had charge of all \u25a0 work
ashore to notify this office of the leaking con
dition of the tanks on the vessel. Such a
course does not excuse the . master and chief
engineer, for the reason that they themselves
are accountable under the rules and regula
tions governing this service, and we look to
them alone, as licensed officers of steam ves
sels to report to the United States local In
spectors at any and all times when there Is
any accident or occurrence producing serious
injury to the vessel, her boilers or machinery.
Therefore for such neglect and failure to
report to this office the leaking condition of
the tanks on board the steamer Despatch, In
violation . of . section 4448, United States Re
vised Statutes we .hereby this date, under
authority of section 4450, 'United States Re
vised Statutes suspend the license of Henry
Weber, master,' and the license of James M.
Spencer! chief engineer, each for the period
of ninety days.
GUESTS MAKE MERRY
WHILE MAN IS KILLED
Party at* Country Home and
Fatal Explosion in the
. Greenhouse.
GREENWICH, Conn., Dec. 29. — In
ignorance that an explosion which had
shaken the house was more than a
trivial affair, the guests of Charles H..
Mallory at Byrara shore last night
continued their merriment. It was
several hours later that they learned
that In the explosion James Mackey,
Mallory's head gardener, lost his life,
and that several thousand dollars'
worth "of damage had been done. .
. Mallory, who *ls*-. the'.. head.-.. of.V--the
steamship line of that .name, j had . a
score' of , friends • from ' New York and
Brooklyn for , a. house party and they
had just begun* to play cards when a
gas,, tank, in a' greenhouse Ej 350 feet
from the residence . blew up. The de
tonation was heard for five' miles. It
shattered every pane of glass in the
greenhouses on the estate and the
windows on one side of the home. . It
blew a servant off his feet and brought
the guests from their seats.
Mackey's body was later found 100
feet "from the explosion by his wife,
who had, gone in search for him. The
guests, though startled, did not real
ize the extent of the accident until the
party broke up.
EDUCATORS OUTLINE
CONVENTION PLANS
National Association Will
Meet in San Francisco
Next July.
CHICAGO/ Dec. 29,— Twenty-five officers
and heads of departments of the National
Educational Association met here to-day
to' outline the programme for the annual
convention of the associatin, to be held
in San Francisco next' July.
It was agreed that one general session
of- the convention x shall be held in the
Greek; Theater recently, dedicated at the
seat of the University of California. /'. /
Another session ' will probably be held
in the Stanford Memorial Chapel of Stan
ford University. i~_ President Jordan of
Stanford University has been invited to
address the convention on "Beautiful Cal
ifornia." ,• ._ ' . .
ENTOMBED.-MINER
FINALLY EESCUED
Coiiipanion? Find Him After
He Had Been Lost for
Eight Days;^ ;\u25a0
"WILKESBARRE, Pa., Dec. 29.— After
being entombed in a mine for eight days.
Joseph Davis/ a Pole, was rescued to-day
unconscious, but soon revived. , Davis en
tered the mine December 20 and got lost
in the underground workings. He wan
dered from : qne working to "another, all
the time' getting farther away from the
opening. He had a well-filled dinner pail,
and for the. first four 'days ate sparingly
of the contents.' When' the food was gone
he drank ' tea , for two days. Then" he ate
scraps rof bread that had been thrown
away by miners. .
SEA'ERAL PERSONS PKRISH
IN THEIR BURNING HOMES
Firemen Rescne \u25a0 Twenty-Seven ' Fnm
; |||e» Frnin n Blazing Tenement .
. . in Mlnnenpolls. '
MINNEAPOLIS,: Minn.. . Dec* 29.— One
dead, two " badly burned and fifteen , or
more injured' orj overcome by smoke Is
the i result fof I the /gutting of the Hig
ginstenenientg thisf morningr. * , '
n The I flre started in j the apartments of
MrsALorraino - BucklifC. 1 823 Mihnehaha
avenuer'irr the rnlddle .of ;the'blg 'tene
ment, and' spread, with great rapidity.;
- Twenty-seven families were 'rescued
from "their'beds and sent shivering and
half -smothered "into 'the '"'outer air,
where^tho -thermometer indicated ' ai)
degrees above.;,' . \.\ \u25a0'
McKEESPORT, . Pa.. . ; Dec. , 29.— Mrs.
Hattie Sweeney was ; fatally, burned arid
eight : other * members \of ?. the \u25a0\u25a0 Sweeney
; family 'were j seriously";injured ± here : to-*
: dayiby. an' explosion : in the; kitchen of
their ' home."- The house. was wrecked.^..
HELEN DARE
Tell* -of "Old ', FltaPf tn Hit
\u25a0'. Hour of i Defeat; . ' '
IN NEXT- SUNDAY'S CALL.
TRADE FOR YEAR
BREAKS RECORD
Higti-^Tarks in Agricultural,
Financial, Speculative and
the Industrial Circles
LABOR. WELL EMPLOYED
Railroad Earnings and Steel
Give Full Evidence of the
of Prosperity
NEW YORK. Dec. 29.— DUn's weekly
review of trade to-morrow will say:
Unseasonably mild weather accentuated
the customary holiday dullness In the
distribution of merchandise, but grat
ifying results of Christmas trade es
tablished a strong tone, and confidence
regarding the future is more pro
nounced. Outdoor work is facilitated
by the high temperature and the lack
of snow, making the year's total of
building. operations even greater than
the most sanguine expectations. Trada
In furs and heavy clothing is unfavor
ably affected by the open winter, but
the net result is moat satisfactory. It
Is ; gratifying to manufacturers to find
that no burdensome accumulation of
stocks has occurred, despite recent
record-breaking production.
Statements of railway, earnings con
tinue satisfactory, figures thus far
available for December showing an av
erage gain of 6.9 per : cent over 1904.
Foreign commerce at this port was re
markably favorable, exports gaining
$2,003,129 and imports increasing
$4,161,897 as compared \u25a0 with the same
week last year.
Light trading in hides has not weak
ened quotations. ' Foreign dry hides
have the additional support of advices
from the River Platte that the slaugh
ter will Indicate a considerable de
crease, i *\u25a0"-;/
Failures this week numbered 221 In
the United States," against 221 last year,
and, 27 in Canada, compared with 17
last year.
' Bradstreet's to-morrow will say:": In
wholesale trade, clearing sales . and
stock-taking operations absorb atten
tion, but It is noted that operations for
spring account are larger than-or
dinarily, and. in fact, business ia
heavier \u25a0 than expected at, this season.
Staples generally maintain their old
strength. Iron and steel lead the "in
dustries In strength of demand and
prices, finished steel: being particularly
active for 'this season, . though pig
iron sales are fair at the West and
open weather favors \unpreccdented
production.- Labor is exceptionally well
employed . for this , season. January Is
likely to see few strikes in the print-
Ing trades.
Additional reports. as to trade In the
year now closing point to 1905 as hav
ing been a record breaker alike in ag
ricultural, speculative, financial and
industrial circles. As a whole, how
ever 1 , primacy must be assigned to the
manufacturing: industry, which- shows
the . largest gains over all preceding
years. .
Business failures in the United States
for. the week ending December 28 num
ber 212. against 235 last week and 21!?
In the like week of i 904. In Canada
failures for the week number .24,'
against S8 last week and 20 in this
week a year ago.
I Wheat '(including: flour) exports-for
the week ending December 2S are
8,448.148. bu5he15, against 4,473,482 last
week and 951.740 this week last year.
From July' l to date the exports are
65,130,279 bushels, against 34,763,327
last year.
FIRM SENT TO WALL
BY .RISE IN COPPER
H. R. Leighton & Co. of
Boston Make an As
signment.
BOSTON", Dec. 29.— The recent ri3e
in copper stocks on the Boston Board
of Trade was an important contribut
ing cause to the suspension to-day of
the stock brokerage firm of H. R.
Leighton & ,Co., which assigned for the
benefit of its creditors. Although the
firm is not a member of any stock
exchange, the 'assignment was ad-
Judged of considerable Importance
from the fact that the firm has some
forty branch offices, all but three of
them in Xew England. The assignee
Is Charles E. Allen, a lawyer of this
city. . . - -
The firm stated that the suspension
was due to the failure of a member
of the Boston Stock Exchange to meet
his obligation to the company and to
outstanding Investments. No financial
statement wasHssued, but It is thought
the liabilities may reach $500,000.
Almost all the larger cities of New
England are affected by the suspen
sion. There are several hundred cred
itors throughout New England and
Canada. The failure had no effect
upon the stock market.
Try the United States Laundry. 100«
Market street, i Telephone South 420.. -
NONE BUT ARMY COFFINS
FOR BODIES OF SOLDIERS
Decision Also Rendered That Remains
May Not Be Sent to Relatives
at National * Expense.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— The body of
a soldier killed' in active service can
not be sent home to his. relatives at
Government expense for burial if he
dies In the United .States. Moreover,
the body -must be placed In the coffln
issued, by the -quartermaster's depart
ment. /This' was. the'-, decision of the
Comptroller of the Treasury in the case
of Private Albert - Laste, Twenty-ninth
Battery .Field Artillery, who was killed
at Fort Riley, Kans., 1 la%t October.;, His
commanding officer wished to send. his
body.; to his relatives for burial and, de
siring a better coffin than- was supplied
by" the quartermaster's department,
which was allowed to" spend $30 for
that purpose, he offered to supply the
necessary additional funds.
SICK. HEADACHE
•\ \u25a0 . ...".'" • ,, — TPositiTely cared by
f^ADTCDC these Little Pills.
WMlil Ll\o They also relleTe Dis-
msa __ \u25a0 "L, . * tress from Dyspepsia. In-
ITT LE " digestion and Too Hearty
lH I V/ F D Eating. A perfect rem-
O|||iV:tj^V edy fear Dizziness. Nausea.
'e£ PILLS* Dro^stoess, Bad Taste
fig .fgj In- the . Mouti. Coated
fciSil^'^'^B ' : Tongue, P&ln In the Side.'
, 'T^^^^^^ .' ' ' TORPID : LIVER. They
regßlate toe BoTrel3. Purely Vegetable. .
SMJUiJ RLU^ sMITDOSg; SMALL PRICE.
CC ?S SICKiHEADACHB.
IShTTLE Gsnuina Must Bear
' A Tine \u25a0«^l(§Vi
Here Is a new-style, * [ /
high-grade Knife that i°' lj
is made to sell for -J ;:,\u25a0];, j
to sell - '
to every man in San gf
Francisco or on the S
Coast who wants a really Hi
g-ood. reliable and dura- Hf
ble Knife. It's a pleas-
ure to own such a Knife =gs
as this and a greater I
pleasure to use it. My f^
special price i 5...51.00 ( j
Razors honed and \;J
ground. V
Honing, 25c
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAIM PITTS
100S Market St.. Saa Francisco
Gonorrhoea and Urinary Dl3char»e«.
*^ 1. \u25a0W * W Ma
,v|L> M kj9 ggt E*3f ran jSRW
A CX'RE Uf 48 HOCR3.
A Modern Remedy for Kheamatiia
and all Uric Add Trouble*. Contains
no Alcohol— Opiate*— or other Seda«
tlTe*.
Cores by removing: Uric Acid from
the System.
Six bottles for 15.00 are guaranteed
to cure or money refunded. Get S*r*«
Booklet at
NO PERCENTAGE DRUG CO.,
949 Market St.. 9. F- -
or write to
URICSOL. CHEMICAL CO.
Los Angeles. Calif.
v. n - D ' g l CUBE SICK HEADACHE.
CAKitnO . \u25a0
Elittle Ganuina Must Bear
\W\ VER Fac-Simila Signature
OCEAXTOAVEL.
Steamers leave Piers 9
v£vO^-sh«\ and 11. San Francisco.
ittj^" . >J^. For Ketchlkan. Wrangel.
I vt*?A I I Skagway, etc.. Alaska— ll a-
i \ Vftrra/ I ra> c>?c - "* 1 - Jan - 5 - Chan*c»
V^v U ~~jv^J to thls com t >an y' B »teamer»
>M^«l\\s</^ For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townaend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Anacortes. South Bellingham.
Bellingham — 11 a. m., Dec. 31, Jan. 8. Change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and O. N. Ry., at Seattle or Tacoma to
N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.". Dec. 31, Jan. 6; Corona, 1:30 p. m.,
Jan. 3.
For Lo« Angelas (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Bieco and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Sartta Barbara, Santa -Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos.Jfiprt Harford (San
Luis Obisoo). Veutura and flgfcieme —
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Jan. l.^jjA * .
Bonlta, & a. m.. Jan. 9. TJr
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, Saa Jos» d«I
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia, Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th each month.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season " 1906— Th*
palatial Alaska excursion steamship SPOKANE
will le»ve Tacoma, Seattle and Victoria June
7. 21. July 5. 20. August 2.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to change steamers or sailing* dates.
TICKET OFFICES — I New Montgomery •*.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broadway
\u25a0wharves. Freight Office — 10 Market st.
Oakland — 932 Broadway.
C. I>. DONAXN, General Passenger As* at.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
A.MERICAX UCTE.
Plymouth— rhcrbourjr — Southampton.
.-ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LINE.
' i ' New York— London Direct.
< HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
NEW TORK— ROTTERDAM, via BOULOGNE
RED STAR LINE.
Antwerp— DoTer— London— Parts. '
WHITE STAR LINE.
New York— Qneenstown— Liverpool. •
Boston — Qaren^tomn — Liverpool.
To the .Mediterranean.
-"•\u25a0:'\u25a0 FROM NEW TORK.
CELTIC (20.904 tons). Jan. «. 2:30 p. m.. Feb.lT
REPUBLIC .;...\u2666 Jan. 28. 3 p. m.. Mar. 9
April 3. 10 a. m.; May 19
• "fit .. , FROM BOSTON.
CANOPIC ...Jan. 13. noon: Feb. t*
ROMANIC :..Feb. 3. 5:30 a. m.: Mar., 17
C D. TATLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Franclaeo.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL S. S. CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets. 1 p. m.. for Yokohama and
Hongkong calling at Honolulu. Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting: at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. \u25a0 No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S "America Maru." Monday, Jan. 29. 19C«.
S. Sl ."Nippon Maru," Tuesday. Feb. "CO. 190fl.
S.S.* 'Hongkong: Mara." Thursday. Mar. IS. 1908
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates.
For freight and passage apply at company 1 !
office, seventh floor. Merchants' Exchange.
..-W. H. AVERT. Asst. General Manager.
9CCaiSJCS.S.C9. S£JS
S S VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
"land and Sydney. Thursday. Jan. 4, 2 p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Saturday, Jan-
uary 13. 11 a. m. »
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Feb. 3, 11 a. m.
J. Dt SPEECELS k BSOS. CO., Afls. Tifitet OSICB 513
narttt jrei£Ht oacs 327 Mamt si, Pisr 7 Paciac sl
Couipaenle Generale Transatlantlqne.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS .tf-ie*
• -^allinsr every Thursday instead of
Saturday. 10 a. m.. from Pier 42.
North' River, foot of Morton st.
First-class to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson bullding>.
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Franclaco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
t BAY 'AND INTERURBAN ROUTES.
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD,'
VALLEJO and NAPA
Napa V/alley Route
Montlcello S. S. Co. and Napa Valley EJec-
tr?c R' R : Co. Close connections.
6— ROUND TRIPS D.\ILY— «
Boats leave San Francisco » :00, *U:-13 a. m.,
12:30 noon. 3:15. 8:00, *S:3f> p. m
San. Francisco- landins and office P*?r 2.
foot of Mission St.. one block south Market- st.
Ferry. Meals ala carte. Phone Main 1503.
\u2666Lands Navy Yard direct.
ffipVEEKLY CALL
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALrL
MlllTßrip^^S 1^
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO,
JOliy McXAUGHT 11111111^ ' R --- a g^ r
PUBLICATION- OFFICE... .THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
SATURDAY DECEMBER 30, 1905
REPORT ON I&ERCHANT MARINE.
AREMARKABLY-strong showing in favor of Government aid
to American shipping is made in the recent report by Mr.
Gallinger from the joint commission on the merchant marine.
This commission, which was authorized by the act of April 28, 1904,
concluded its most important labors last December, but the chair
man held a conference last spring in New York to hear the argu
ments of shipping interests which had not been considered by the
commission. The later inquiry has developed no change in the leg
islation originally proposed. So that for nearly a year the bill sub-,
mitted by the commission in its first report has been before the
country for examination. •
The bill has received the approval of some very important rep
resentative bodies and its chief support has not come from ship
owners and builders, nor from the States bordering on the ocean,
but from merchants and manufacturers concerned in export trade,
and from the producers of the interior. The measure is approved
by the National Board of Trade, the American Bankers' Association,
the National Association of Manufacturers and the American Cotton
Manufacturers' Association.
One of Gallinger's arguments is that a large part qf the $200.
000.000 which js annually expended, to transport our mail, freight
and passengers now goes to help the naval reserve of foreign na
tions. The bill in its proposed subvention does not intend that a
subsidy shall be an outright gift. The ship owners will have to
render a return service which will aid toward the creation of a naval
reserve and help the expansion of commerce. That our trade to
British Australasia has more than doubled is due to our mail steam
ship service, which is not adequately paid. The increase provided for
in the bill will no more than bring the compensation of the American
line up to what the European .steamship companies receive. The bill
will produce a revenue as well as the expenditure and the report
estimates that there will be a net gain to the treasury as a result. Two
sections arrange for a tax on tonnage, and it is expected that the
stimulus to American ships would cause a great increase in tonnage.
The amount now paid by the Government for mail service is very
nearly balanced by the net profit obtained by the United States from
its ocean mail service. Our country is the only one which retains
this profit from its ocean mail. Great Britain expends its entire an
nual mail income from the ocean steamers upon the subsidizing of
British ships. There is a provision for gradually lessening aid. as it
is believed that the subventions would, by increasing the volume of
ship construction, reduce the cost.
A strong argument is also- made upon the good, the bill .will
produce by creating a great force of naval volunteers who would
be of so much value in case of a foreign war.
NEGRO PROGRESS.
INDUSTRIAL and intellectual improvement in (he condition of
the negro race is accompanied in the same degree with improve
ment of their moral and religious life. In this fact Booker T.
Washington expresses his faith in a report he makes which is
published in a recent issue of The Outlook. For the purpose of
illustration he selects one county in the South to show how gratify
ing is the progress of the colored people when the conditions are
right for giving them the opportunity to advance. The place chosen
is Gloucester County, in the tidewater section of Eastern Virginia.
North and South will be pleased at the information he gives about
his people in that one county, for it evidences- what can, and prob
ably will, be done in other parts of the country.
The population of Gloucester in 1890 was 12,832, and about
half were negroes. This is one of the counties of the South that
has been longest under the influence of Hampton Institute, where
Booker Washington was trained to fitness for his remarkable career.
Graduates of other centers of education are also doing good 'work
in Gloucester County. The two sets of schools, colored and white,
are given equal advantages. They are open from five and a half to
six months in the year, and the teachers are paid about the same
in blaj# schools as in the white. Most of the teachers arc
natives of*ftie county, and what to Washington's pet idea is more
important, most of them own property. The negroes of this county,
beginning in poverty forty years ago, are now paying taxes on one
sixth of the real estate, principally in small farms from ten to
one hundred and fifty acres. A large proportion of them contain
.ten acres. Twenty-five .years ago these- negroes were so poor that
three-fourths of them lived in one-room cabins. Now many of
them have six-room cottages, and the one-room cabin is rare.
This material prosperity*, is chiefly pleasing because of the
moral improvement that' has accompanied it in growth. Bastardy
used to be quite common, but in 1903 there were only six cases in
the entire 6000 of colored population. Moreover there is very little
evidence of immoral relations existing between the two races.
Twenty-five years after the* work of education had been fairly
started the arrests for misdemeanors showed less negro offenders
than white; and in 190^, there were but seven arrests for felonies,
and of these two were white -and five were colored.
Another fact that this sample county is useful for proving is
that the development of education and the acquirement of property
by the negroes do not increase racial friction. A close investi
gation shows that cordial and friendly relations exist between the
white and black people. Washington is right in his opinion and his
urging that if we all, white and black, and North and South, do our
whole duty, this fine improvement is Gloucester can be equaled
or surpassed in other" parts of the South.
THE Democracy is just now engaged in gazing raptly upon two
chiefs, each a candidate for the Hi-you-muckamuckship. Mr.
Hearst is occupied in a visitation among the political provinces
and in filling his ears with the syrup of adulation. He (is also
dreaming dreams in which the White House looms large and at
tractively. Mr. Bryan has gone far abroad, and "is seen in a per
spective of 240 degrees of longitude. He is marching over flower
strewn paths under triumphal arches in the Philippines.
The .appearance of these rivals is interesting, though they have
put the ponderous bulk of the globe between them. The Democratic
party has gone on record as opposed to our 'position Jn the Philip
pines. The last two campaigns got all of their piquancy from that
opposition. The speeches made upon it would fill several barrels.
Now the party seems to have no choice, but nkist take one or the
other of two men as leader who have records on Philippine acquisi
tion. When our policy as to the Philippines was in 'doubt and; un
formed Mr. Hearst carried at the head of his papers'Tin obese letters
the legend, "Nail the Flag to the Philippines. Don't Raise it There,
Xail it!" Well, the treaty of Paris nailed it there, the'} nails land
hammer costing $20,000,000, much to the regret of many of the
When the treaty of Paris was before the Senate and ; its '«aiTferit!r
ment before ratification seemed certain Mr.3ryan descended upon
Washington and brought over .to the treaty v the Democratic" votes
necessary to its ratification and it became the! supreme law 'of: the
land, the flag was nailed there, we got the :> Philippines and Spain
got S20,ooo,ooo and a licking. Now Mr. Bryan is touring the islands
and making very conservative speeches to the natives, who Ware'
paving him exceedingly conspicuous attention. >;_He is walking on
the clouds from Manila to Mindoro,; and -from Bucas-to.Bislig. But
Mr. Hearst i.v looking ove^his fences, from , worm to barbed wire,
at home. At this moment it is impossible to tell which leads. Mr.
Bryan is known for his superior wind, but Hearst may beat him in
bottom. . . . . . ' .
RIVAL CHIEFS.
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. DECEMBER. ,3O; 1905.
MONKEY SHINES OF MARSELEEN
OCCIDENTAL ACCIDENTALS.
A. J. WATERHOUSE
THE THIXG I WROTE.
I WROTE a little thing one time, a
, rather foplish lay.
That gurgled on and chattered on- in
quite a senseless way.
And I said, "I know it's awful, and
'twill hit them like a blow,"
But some one was yelling "Copy!" so I
had to let it go,
And it got into a paper — I never will
know how —
And echoes from that dratted thing
\u0084 are lingering with me now,
For. people meet me and they say, "You
wrote that thing! Oh, my!"
The little, wobbly, woozy lay is all
they know me by.
"Dear me!" they say,
"That clevah v lay!
It was so cute, you know!"
While I would sell
Myself for — well,
Some seven cents or so.
I've tried to write some better things,
a compress on my brow,
But, oh, that razzle-dazzle .. lay is all
that lingers now.
I know not where . the moral lies, and
yet it must be clear \u25a0_\u25a0/
To any man, and every man, that one
is hidden here.
Perhaps a rage would pjut.it thus: "If j
cap ana bells you pick, . !
Why, play the game for all its worth
and do not lose a trick;
Perhaps he'd wisely counsel thus: With
men, as 'tis with fish,
The bait the world doth give to us is
not the bait we wish. ;
It does not matter; this I know, and
this I say— alas!- —
If you'd win out, heed Corwin's words
• and be a solemn ass,"
Unless you'd choose,
To meet your views, .;....
To hear them say "That one! . '
That cute bon mot!"
When 'tis you know,"
The worst you've ever done.
Oh, you may do or write some things
of .higher, better plot.
But just one razzle-dazzle thing will
queer the whole blest lot
SHORTLY AFTER CHRISTMAS.
I sang a little gladsome song concerning
Christmas cheer.
In which I mentioned,.! recall, it "comes
but once a year" ; -
I sang of Christmas gifts and grace, and
also. Christmas love— ; . ,
The . latter .' word, I recollect, ' I neatly
rhymed with "dove"—
I warbled on. and lilted, on in quite a
. merry wayi ,' \
But Just one line of all I wrote doth give
me peace to-day,..
For now that i Christmas day Is past I
wish to mention here,
I'm highly gratified to know it "comes
\ "but once a year."
Do not suppose a rock I fling at any
Christmas Joy,
SOLVED.
The Lad y— My) poor man , , > why
do you tell so many : untruths ?
'Dusty Dick— Ah, lady! I used to
be'u: war correspondent. :
But, oh, my stomach is hot .'strong as
when I was a boy!
The Christmas Vdinner was so good I ate
and ate and ate, .
And how it made me feel next. morn I'm j
really pained to state. ' . * V j
That night, in dreams,' my ancestors came '
in 1 a grizzly/ row, ~ .',
And, judging merely by their looks, they
• all were hanged, I know; ;
A dark brown taste was in my mouth, or
/hrfply it was "black,
My brain was made of putty, which the
germ of thought did lack;
But now one thought doth comfort me
and gi\e me ghastly cheer-
It's really true that Christmas day doth
"come but once a year." *;"'
My daughter Ethel presents bought and
had them charged to "pa," -
And so did Annabel and May and Laura
and their "ma";
And, now the bills are coming in, my
pocketbook is flat-
But little do I mind the fact, for I am
used to that;
But, oh, it pains and pains again, and
leaves. me trouble-clad,
To. pay for presents for myself I'd sooner
not have had— |
The slippers that will never fit, the dress
ing, gowns galore,'; '
When I'm so built I wear but one, and
cannot welt, wear more. ' v',i
Ah, Christmas day has come and gone for
\u25a0 all, -both far 'and near;
Then let us chant In reverent tones, "It
comes but once a year!"
I love the merry Christmas time, its festal
cheer and love—
Which latter word,' as ' I remarked, doth
sweetly rhyme With, "dove" —
I love the keepsakes that it brings, for
haply one in nine
May be the thing Eomebody wants to
make him feel quite fine.
But seeing, as my head is swelled, my
.stomach out of fix,
My vermiform appendix wrong, and liver
. playing tricks,
And seeing as I'm not alone in my sensa
. tlons queer, -
Let's lift a pea n, "Heaven bepraised, it
comes but once a year!"
"Bluffleigh was elected a member of
the Liars' Club." /'
"What did he do about it??
. "Refused \u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0 to join; said' he was
not qualified; that he had*never told a
lie in his'life." :(;\u25a0 ''V
"What did the club do .then?" ..
"Elected him president by acclama
tion." • \u25a0 . , , ;
"He is not exactly famous, but he Is
conspicuous." -
'.'ln what respect?"
"Why, he is wealthy,- and yet he re
fuses to buy an automobile."
Upon the face or \ ' every r person is -set
the unlying- advertisement of {he man or
woman behind It, but fools cannot read
the language in which It is written. '
DESPERATION.
. ; Willie— On me '^bended ' knees '\u25a0 I
asks yer, ter .marry me. \u25a0 Don't yer
know dat married folks don't have
ter go to school?, -
THE DELEGATES
HAD TO LAUGH
]T was at the closing session of the an
nual convention of a certain religious
body held in a town near this <slty
some time since, and the preacher who
occupied the chair announced that they
were $100 short of a desired sum and
hoped that the amount might be raised
before final adjournment, says tne Phil
adelphia Telegraph.
"I will start the good work with $25!"
cried a man who was a stranger to the
preacher.
"Thanks, brother! Thanks!" exclaimed
; the dominie, effusively. "I don't know
j your name, but may heaven bless your
kind heart, and may your business during
the coming year be doubled!"
Instantly there was a laugh that was
both long and loud, and the perplexed
preacher gazed at the delegates in aston
j ishment.
' '"What have I done?" said he.
"What—" ;>'
• "Nothing," Teplied a fellow preacher;
"only the man who donated that twenty
live is an undertaker."
STUCK TO HIS THEORY.
Arthur E. Bostwic*., the head of the cir
culation-department of New York's free
libraries, tells this story about a German
professor of Jena, who belonged to the
; Haec # klin school:
i'The professor got shipwrecked off a
tropical island. As soon" as the ship
struck the old gentleman leaped over
board '\nd swam ashore.
"But no soener was he on dry land than
he turned and plunged into the water
again, and swam back to the ship.
"He seized . his stout wife ,in his arms,
leaped headlong overboard, and, despite
his burden, again reached shore in safety.
"There the captain, who had already
landed,- said to him in an amazed tone:
". 'Why didn't you save your wife the
first time?'
", 'Ah,' 'said the professor, with a satis
fled smile, 'I was bound to save myself
tirst, you know. Self-preservation , Is na
ture's highest law.' "—New York Tribune.
NATURE PROMPTS IN BENTIONS.
'"We. get our hints froni . nature," the
inventor said. "Take, for instance, the
hollow pillar, which is stronger than the
solid one. Th* wheat straw showed us
the superior strength of the hollow pil
lar. Solid, the wheat straw would be un
able to^support its head of grain.
"Where did man get his idea for car
riage springs? From the hoofs of the
horse, which, like the springs derived
from them, are made from parallel plates.
"Scissors; we get. from the ; Jaws of the
tortoise, which are natural scissors; chis
els from the squirrel, who carries them in
his mouth; adzes from 1 the hippopotamus,
whose ivories , are j adzes ' of the best de
sign; the plane from the bee's jaws; the
triphammer from the woodpecker."—Chi
cago Journal.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
C'BRIEN'AND NEII.L— N. N., City.
Philadelphia Jack' O'Brien and Al ; Neill
met in the ring in Chicago, June 6, 1902.
Result, knock-out for Nelll.
RELATIONSHIP — - Subscriber, City.
"If Harry's 'sister 'marries, Louis'
brother, what, is the relation of ' Harry
to Louis?" There is no relation, r.
CARIBOU CLUB— T. ; H... City. This
correspondent 'wants to know where he
can -find; a called; "The Caribou,!' • a
book of songs and • poetry composed by
the Caribou Club.
CHINESE^-A. W., San . Jose.' Cal. If "a
boy.'is .born: to .Chinese.; parents in ;the
State of .California he is a native'of the
State, . and <on attaining his majority is
privileged .' to , vote, "if he so desires.
• Townsend'B , California glace" fruits
and °; choicest candies in artistic fire
etched boxes. .New store, 767 Market. •
.Special' information, supplied! daily -to
business'houses and publicmerrby the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 30 Cali
fornia street ' Telephone Main 1042. V *
THE SMART SET
• A spectacle of masrnifieance. such as
is seldom seen In professional extrava
ganza, will be presented to the quests
of Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de Young: to- ,
morrow evening In their private ball- |
room. Because of the Sabbath, all are >
bidden for the hour of 11:30. when j
supper will be served, and at mia
night the stage festivities will begin
for the delight of those at table.
For cleverness this vaudeville per
formance will without doubt supersede
all ever offered before in San Fran
cisco's talented realm. The gowns arc
so gorgeous as to pale the memory of
others donned for private theatricals,
while all stage accouterments — set
tings and lights — are to demonstrate
the climax of art in arrangement and
electrical effects.
Heretofore Mrs. de Young has
showed her efficiency In the manage
ment of stage proceedings, but on this
occasion Frank Blair, formerly of this
city, will take full charge. The pro- ,
gramme is one round of delightful,
clever "stunts." all new from London,
some not having even reached New
York, and from these have been im
provised many local hits upon promi
nent affairs and personages. These
parodies will serve to show more
clearly than all else the real wit
and originality of our smart folk. |
among the clever revisers being Miss
Kathleen de Young, Mrs. Mark Gerstle.
Miss Ethel Hager. W. H. Smith Jr..
Thomas Eastland and . Charles de
Young.
One skit has been composed entirely
by Miss Hager and Mr. Smith and will
be a source of unending fun. The
dramatis personae will be Miss Fran
ces Stewart. Miss Bessia Wilson. Miss
Bernice Wilson. Miss Ethel Hager,
Miss Pearl Landers. Miss Helen Swift
Bailly, Miss Marie Pickering. Mfss
Rhoda Pickering. Mrs. Thomas East
land, Mrs. Mark Gerstle. the Misses
Helen, Constance and Kathleen de
Young and Charles de Young. A large
orchestra, under the direction of H. J.
Stewart, with Mrss Helen de Young
at the piano, will discourse the vaude
ville music.
• • •
The air is a-quiver with New Year's
greeting, Monday, to see the lavish
dispensing of hospitality to greater
degree than for several years past.
Many homes are t to observe the old
open-house custom, the bay environs
also holding many hostesses.
In town there will be Mrs. W. P.
Redington, who will receive at her
Scott-street home,, especially honoring
Mrs. Walter Gibbons (Hazel Noonan).
At Sausalito a delightful assemblage
will be found at the home of Miss
Constance Borrowe, who. with Mrs.
Gaston 'Ashe, will receive from 4 to 6,
NEED FOR TENDERNESS.
/SYMPATHY is a fine thing, and one
of the distinguishing mark 3 be- j
<-*- tween man and the lower ani
mals. But the very fruit and flower !
of sympathy is tenderness. Based on
comprehension and right feeling it
will go far toward idealizing our na
tional life. For we are a sentimental
people and need only to distribute the
product of -our sympathies aright to
do away with every evil in the body
politic.
The opposite of tenderness — in man.
as in the turkey — is toughness. But it
is au attribute of something more than
the physical man. We all know that
there is mental and spiritual and moral
toughness as well as material or bod
ily toughness. But we do not always
act upon the knowledge.
It is no bad thing to have a body
that withstands the demands of mod
ern life, that' is able to meet not only
the winds and frosts of winter, but
the rush and strain of the workaday
world. It is a distinct advantage to
possess a tough and well-seasoned
body, and the man who has to live to
day is handicapped without it.
But it is not an advantage to own a
conscience whlcly is toughened, either
to the possessor of it or to his neigh
bors. It is not an advantage to meet
a mind which is so inured to suffering,
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
_ SMART. MODEL. FOR THE DEMOISEL.LE.
' /^ LOTHS that are rainproof in every particular are among; the latest
\^ things for the general utility coats that the schoolgirl so much affects.
A pretty shade of dark green griffonette, in a weight suitable to meet
•the Inclemency of winter weather, fashions the smart model of the picture:
and. the plainest and most severe outline Is followed in the smart tailored
work. r The back la conspicuously loose and full, a half belt serving to hold
the fullness^ in place, although this, may be omitted if desired. Thefronts ar«
double-breasted, fastening like a man's overcoat under a fly. The »lee v sJl
_.too, accords with the plain and severe tailored mode; and shows Just *no«1«'
'fullness v at the top to bring It well within the : season's style. ConvenwAT
.pockets appear either sld-e of the" front; and the collar and lapels are after
•the approved; mannish pattern.
SALLY SHARP
the season's felicitations to be ex
changed over th. eggnosg cup.
Miss Grac* Llewellyn Jones is antici
pating the presence of many friends upon
the arrival of 1W«. all of whom are to b«
entertained In delightful manner.
Among the younger contingent merri
ment will hold sway on the Initial day.
Miss Alice Cowdery being included witb
the hostesses who will offer cheer and
happiness. w. \ : '
A youthful throng will make tniuss
merry at San Mateo. also, for a dance is
to be given tor which there has been
much preparation. Several house parties
are holding forth in tnat pretty suburb.
Mrs. Philip Lansdale being among the
hostesses and all the young guests will
be participants of the whirl.
i Across the Pacific is brought the mes
sage of a New Year's marriage of much
interest to San Francisco's smart set.
1 Miss Ursula Stone will plight her troth
'< to Lieutenant Daniel Edward Shean.
i Ninth Infantry, the service to take place
at the home of the bride's brother, Lieu
tenant Bertody Stone Jr.
Miss Stone is one of our most favored
maids, and, many a toast at the various
town gatherings on Monday will b«
spoken for her welfare and happiness.
• • •
The Claremont Country Club rooms will
ibe filled with callers New Year's dajj.
1 and of other town events Is numbe.\l
the hospitality of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Duggan, who will hold open house during
the evening in their Paciflc-avenue home.
and that of Miss Beatrice Fife, who will
receive through the day.
• • •
The Korea's passenger Hat for to-day
contains the names of Mrs. John Simpson
and her daughter. Miss Amalia Simpson,
\u25a0who are leaving for an Oriental trip.
• '•;'•
Mrs. Thoma« Porter Bishop will bo »
hostess in the near future. ln honor of Dr.
and Mrs. Bryant of Los Angeles, who ar»
visitors m- town through the holidays.
• * . *
Mrs. Whittell and Miss Florence Whit
tell will sail to-day on the Korea for the
Orient, whence they will go to other
parts of the world.
Mrs. James Cunningham and Miss Sara
Cunningham were at home yesterday to
a large number of callers who gave adieus
with" greetings. Mrs. Cunningham will
leave the middle of next month with her
daughter for New York, and yesterday
was her closing reception day.
Mrs. Jules Brett is to be a bridge host
ess if the near future, and from all indi
cations this game will not fail to take its
customary precedence over all other at
tractions during the coming year.
JOHN J. HOLDEN
to wrong, *o evil 3 in the world that
it dismisses them without a thought.
It is not an advantage to build up a
system of morals which denies the
right of others to happiness or con
demns them, to needless suffering-.
Nor Is it enough to have a mind, a
conscience, or a spiritual nature which
is merely satisfied with negative per
formance in any of the walks of Ufa.
There must be something positive —
and this something is tenderness: "H«
liveth best who loveth best all thing*,
both great and small.**
It is easy to bft tender toward a
little child or a delicate woman — and.
discreditable as it Is not to be tender
toward them, it is no particular credit
to -a man if he, is. ..The .real work
comes in being tender to those who
do not invite, nor seek, nor expect ten
derness — in a word, in being tender to
the tough. Like everything else in th»
world worth having, it is obtained
with difficulty, this quality of tender
ness.
The next time you find yourself
called upon for an opinion see If It U
not possible to think tenderly before
you speak. A moment's consideration
will prove to you that the golden rul»
means little more than this.
"Be to my faults a little blind: be to
my virtues very kind."PLUMS FALL
AT CITY HALL
Political Tree Is Shaken by
Mayor and Union Labor
Supporters Are Kewarded
BEXHAM STAYS AT POST
App6intments in Tax Col
lector's Office Completed
and Chief Deputy Remains
The political plum tree was given an
other shaking yesterday by the Mayor
and many ardent Union Labor party sup
porters secured choice morsels for the
next two years. Up to 6 o'clock last night
the Mayor gave out his list of appointees
eelected during the day.
Later in the evening, however, after a
consultation with Abraham Ruef. those
to rill the vacancies occurring in the Tax
Collector's office were named by the
Mayor. George B. Benham, who Is chief
deputy and who was a dark horse in the
race for the Eecretaryship of the Board of
Supervisors, will remain at his old posi
tion.
William Whan, who was a hard worker
for the successful • ticket during the last
campaign, has been chosen for the posi
tion of cashier, while his assistant is Jo
reph Rlgr.ey, formerly of the License Of
fice. Louis Claveloux, at present In the
County Clerk's office, is to be searcher of
records, while the attorney will be John
H. Marble, a prominent Union Labor
lawyer. The other positions in the office
.are under civil service and may not be
disturbed.
James G. Maguire will be the attorney
to the Treasurer, while Auditor Horton's
legal adviser will be Thomas Kase.
Now that C. W. Kyle has been named
Chief Deputy Recorder the coast is clear
for Joseph McQuaide to be appointed
warden of the City and County Hospital.
Treasurer-elect Bantel visit*! the
City Treasurer's office yesterday for
the purpose of getting acquainted with
the place. Bantel was accompanied by
his force of deputies, who will assume
their duties on January 8 next. They
are Edward A. O'Connor, chief dep
uty: J. F. McGlynn, H. T. Sime, D. Da
vis and F. B. Lorlgan, deputies; 1 James
Tomalty. bookkeeper, and W. H. Stans
bury and J. F. Winters, clerks. To
malty and Lorigan are the only two of
the old force to be retained.
Ex-Fire Commissioner Thomas Finn
will be Under Sheriff to Sheriff Thomas
O'Neill; George H. Berger will act in a
similar capacity for Auditor Horton
and Milton M. Davis will be chief dep
uty under County Clerk Mulcreavy.
The Vacancy on the Election Com
mission will be rilled, it is rumored,
by the appointment of Thomas V. Ca
tor.
Dr. J. B. Hannah will be autopsy
surgeon under Coroner-elect Walsh,
but It is said that Peter McCormick
will be retired as Chief Deputy Cor
oner.
SAN FRANCISCO BLUE BOOK.
The Fashionable Private Addre** Direc
tory Now Beins Complied and Reser
vations Made for the Seanon of IUOS-6.
It will contain an alphabetical ar
rangement of the names and residential
addresses of the leading families, em
bracing one hundred cities and towns
in California, viz.: San Francisco. Oak
land. Alameda, Berkeley, San Rafael,
Sausalito. Belvedere, Palo Alto. Menlo
i'ark. liurlingame. San Mateo, Redwood
City. San Jose, Los Angeles, I'asa.dena,
Elk Grove. Paradise, Auburn. Piacer
ville. Maywood, Redding, Sacramento,
Willows, Woodland, Calistoga, Eureka,
Napa, Antioch, Petaluma, Sonoma,
Watsonville, Hollister, Centerville.
Nilcs, Newark, Oroville, Decoto, Irving
ton, Sonora, Stockton, Tuolumne, Val
lejo, Armona, Bakersfield. Dinuba, Fow
ler. Fresno. West Park, Hanford, Kern,
Lemoore, Oleander, Porterville, Reed
ley, Sanger, Selma, Tulare, Visalia, Al
hambra, Avalon, Azusa, Briggs, Carpen
teria, Covina, Downey, Lompoc, East
Whitticr. Long Beach. Moneta, Monro
via, Pomona, Santa Barbara, San Luis
Obispo, Santa Maria. Santa Paula, San
ta Monica, South Pasadena. Saticoy,
Ventura, Cra'tonville, Colton, Corona,
Banning, Fullerton, Glendora, High
land, La Jolla. La Mesa, Ontario, Perris,
Placentia, Redlands, Santa Ana, Rlver
side, San Diego, San Jacinto, National
City, Westminster, Fair Oaks, Nevada
City and San Bernardino.
Also San Francisco Street and Ave
nue Guide, Theater Diagrams. Clubs
and Societies, Prominent Residents of
the Pacific Coast, Personnel of the
Press, Shopping Guide, Permanent
Guests at the Leading Hotels, San
Francisco Street Railway Guide.
The greatest care will be exercised In
selecting only responsible and honest
concerns among the advertisements.
Shopping, by mail order and tele
phone call, is one of the modern con
veniences extended to subscribers
through the announcements in the Blue
Book.
Address all communications to
Charles C. Hoag, Publisher, Telephone
Main 1760. Office 320 Sansome Street,
Room 47, San Francisco. • \u25a0.
CEREAL BREAKFAST FOOD
/ HELD UP FOR THE DUTIES
Label Is Found to Be Contradictory,
but Explanation I« Made and Pro
duct Is Exported.
Fifteen thousand and three cases of
cereal breakfast food, aggregating
640.108 pounds, were held up at this
t>ort recently by the customs authori
ties for Investigation. -The labels on
the packages showed that the food was
manufactured at Buffalo, N. V., but in
large red letters at each end of each
package was the inscription, "Made in
Canada." The food had been shipped
to England, thence back to New York
end thence across the continent to San
Francisco for export to Australia. Ow
ing to the declaration that the prod
uct was of Canadian manufacture
the customs authorities held an in
vestigation to ascertain whether or not
duty should be paid on It. It was
found that the firm had no factory in
Canada and that the statement to that ef
fect had been printed for the purpose of
overcoming English prejudice against
American goods. Herice the consignment
was allowed to proceed on Its way with
out the payment of duty.
Now Is the Time
When everybody ls contemplating for the new
ye«r Fountain p«nß— "Waterman'! Ideal."
? -Ccaklln Belf-flliins." "Marshall." All right
srTtf do write. Excelrfor diaries, calendar pads,
<"at»> books fancy calendars and desk pads.
fcar.tK-rn. Vail & Co.. "41 Market street. •
BURGLARS PACK MLVERWARE,.
BUT LEAVE IT BEHIND
Home of Herbert Williams Entered,
but He Finds Part of Plunder
on Porch.
Herbert Williams, 1350 Pine street,
reported to the police yesterday that
burglars entered his residence on
Thursday night by a window in the
rear. The rooms were thoroughly
ransacked and >80 In gold coin stolen.
A Quantity of silverware, had been
packed, but was left on the porch.
William Nichols. 741 Howard street,
reported that his room had been en
tered and an overcoat, pair of trous
ers and an alarm clock stolen.
New Year's at Paso Roblr* Hot Sprlns*.
$7 20 for round trip. Delightful outln* at
low eort. Wonderful new bathhou«e. Beautiful
drives. Accommodation* at hotel. Informal
tica <* fiomhra Fadoo jlc«bU *
RUSSIAN CHURCH
FAVORS UNION
Committee to Investigate
Episcopal Common Prayer-
Book Ordered by Synod
FELLOWSHIP IS FAVORED
Archbishop Tiklion, Former
ly of This City, Initiates
a Kemarkable Movement
The Russian Church of North America
has been taking a deep Interest in the
Protestant Episcopal movement toward
church federation, and in order to obtain
an expression from the Russian Synod on
the question of union Archbishop Tikhon
of the Orthodox Csftholic Eastern Church,
who until last summer was established in
San Francisco, conferred with that body
in St. Petersburg as to the part the
church here might take in the matter.
As a result of the inquiry a committee
was appointed by the synod to lirst in
vestigate the American Common Book
of Prayer. After studying the book the
synod's committee reported its views of
the differences in expression and under
standing as conveyed in the Protestant
Episcopal prayer book and that of the
Russian church.
Some of the main points studied by the
Russian committee were: "The Order for
the Administration of the Lord's Supper,
or Holy Communion," "The Consecration
of Bishops and the Ordination of Priests
and Deacons," "The Order of the Sacra
ment of Baptism," "The Order of Con
firmation," "The Order of Matrimony,"
"The Sacrament of Penance." "Extreme
Unction," "Faith in the Saints," "Order
of the Burial," "The Order of Blessing of
Church or Chapel," "The Order of Insti
tution of Ministers Into Parishes or
Churches," "Prayers and Thanksgivings
Upon Several Occasions."
The finding of the Russian committee
was extremely conservative, disagreeing
oh many forms and expressions which
were not in strict agreement wi k - the
teachings of the Russian church.
The synod still hoping to bring about
closer relations with the American Epis
copal Church determined to send the com
mittee's request to Archbishop Tikhon
so that he, being in closer touch with the
dogmatists of the Episcopal church here,
would be in a better position to obtain a
clearer interpretation of the common
prayer book.
Archbishop Tikhon thereupon decided to
appoint a committee of the clergy of the
Russian church in the United States and
to invite a similar committee composed of
Protestant Episcopal clergymen or re
nowned theologists among the laymen to
confer on the report of the synod's com
mittee.
The result of the archbishop's step to
ward this fellowship of the two churches
is awaited with keen interest by ardent
churchmen who support the movement for
federation of church bodies.-
SAYS FIRE HORSES
ARE UNSERVICEABLE
Inspector Declares Steeds in
Ten Companies Are Un
fit for Duty.
The horses in ten of the engine com
panies are unfit to respond to second
alarms of fire, according to a report sub
mitted to the Board of Fire Commission
ers yesterday by Inspector W. J. Tobin.
The report is as follows:
"I herewith report to you that I have
made an examination of the horses in the
Fire Department and I find that those of
the following companies cannot be de
pended on for second, third and subse
quent alarms: Engines 1. 4, 6, 7, 10, 12,
15, 19 trucks 3 and chemical 7."
Charles Burns, a hoseman who "got
himself into the hands of the brokers,"
signed over $70 of his salary to his wife.
In doing so Burns fiercely denounced the
j brokers.
"With this arrangement you are given
a chance to"— began Commissioner Finn.
"Chance," exclaimed Burns. "You ain't
got a chance with a broker. • Why, a year
ago I got $70 and kept paying all the
time. Then I was jumped and told that
I owed $84 and that if I didn't pay, my
salary would be held up. You ain't got
no chance with them."
The case of Charles Flemming, driver of
truck 7, who was reported by Captain
Carew for being eight seconds late in an
swering an alarm, was taken under ad
visement.
Hoseman J. Pine was ordered to forfeit
pay since December 21. He was injured
at that time and refused to report for
house duty.
Hoseman J. Mitchell of truck 7 was or
dered transferred to truck 8 on request of
his captain.
SELECTS LARGEH EDIFICE
TO lI.OLD ITS SERVICES
pf n t Church of Christ, Srlentlxt*, to
Occupy Building: of Sherith Is
rael Congregation.
First Church of Christ, Scientists,
will hold its opening services to-mor
row morning: at 11 o'clock in the
church edifice at the corner of Post
and Taylor streets. The building was
formerly occupied by the Sherith Is
rael Congregation and it has been
thoroughly altered to meet the new
requirements, and will be used by the
Christian Scientists until their nes*
church Is erected at the corner of Sac
ramento and Scott streets.
This church was organized October
15, 1695. and for over two years oc
cupied Beethoven Hall for its Sunday
services, while several halls were
used for the midweek meetings, as
each was successively outgrown. ' In
December, 1897, Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
Music Hall and Elks' Hall were se
cured for the regular services, and
these have been occupied until the
present time, when they have become
too crowded to accommodate the peo
ple who wish to attend, thus making
necessary another move to .larger
quarters.
New Year* at Hotel Del Monte.
Enjoy the glass-bottom boats, hot
salt water swimming-, 'riding, driving,
tennis and' golf on the finest course in
California.' Special tickets, good leav
ing San Francisco any train from Fri
day, December 29; returning by any
train Tuesday, January 2. Round-trip
rate, including four days' accommoda
tions at Del Monte, $18. Through
train, with parlor car, leaves Third and
Townsend streets daily at 3 o'clock,
returning leaves Del Monte 8:30 a. in. •
Wife of Tonopah Miner Insane.
Mrs. Alice Mediu. wife of a Torjopah
miner, waa charged with Insanity yea
terday by her mother, Mrs. E. H. Phil
lips. Mrs. Phillips says the rigid cli
mate of Nevada unbalanced her daugh
ter's mind. The latter was removed to
a private: sanitarium pending an ex
amination. '
A Beantlfnl Art Supplement.
MEMORIES,
WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
THE' SAN^FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY; 'DECEMBER 30, 1905;;
NANCE O'NEIL
TO APPEAR IN
FAMOUS ROLES
TALENTED ACTRESS WHO IS
PLAYING AT THE- GRAND
OPERA-HOUSE.
Will Present Three
Powerful 'Plays
Next Week.
Nance O'Nell is to be seen next week Jn
three of the most powerful plays of her
repertoire, viz., "The Jewess," Ibsen's
"Hedda Gabler" and as Lady Macbeth.
During the past two weeks so many, re
quests have been sent to Miss O' Neil that
she repeat her great impersonation of
"Hedda Gabler" that she finally consent
ed to give a special performance of Ib
sen's heroine. "Hedda Gabler" is one of
the strongest plays written by Ibsen, and
there will be much interest evinced at the
announcement that Nance O'Neil will be
seen in the famous role next Wednesday
afternoon.
"The Jewess" Is to be played next Mon
day matinee and evening, and also on
Tuesday, Saturday and Sunday nights,
while "Macbeth" is to be presented on
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday evenings
and Saturday matinee of the coming
week.
PERSONALS
Dr. J. Holland of Honolulu is at the
Grand.
John Dickinson Sherwood is at the
Palace.
Judge M. T. Dooling of Hollister is at
the Lick.
J. K. O'Brien, an attorney of Smarts
ville, is at the LJck.
Frank D. Hudson of Los Angeles is
at the Palace Hotel.
E. W. Clark and wife from San Luis
Obispo are at the Grand. •
A. D. Lemaire, a capitalist from Battle
Mountain, Nev., is at the Grand.
Thomas B. Dozier. District Attorney
of Shasta County,'.-. is at the Palace
HoteL \
Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Kins and Miss
King of Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, are at
the Palace. '
W. W. Chapin of Sacramento is at the
St. Francis.
Irving M. Bachman of Nazareth, Pa., is
at the Palace Hotel. \
Captain A. P. Cross of Los Angeles is
at the Palace Hotel.
W. D. Johnson, a lumberman of Loyal
ton, is at the St. Francis.
O. H. Keep Jr. of New York is at the
Palace, accompanied by his wife.
Registered at the Palace Hotel from
Seattle, Wash., are Mr. and Mrs. S. S.
Silverman and son.
R. H. H. Chapman, editor of the Graph
ic and Dramatic Critic of Los Angeles,
is at the St. Francis.
William S.-Malloy, a prominent business
man of Spokane, Wash., arrived .at the
St. Francis yesterday. .
Major Buckley Johnson and Captain
Seymour of the English army are regis
tered at the Hotel St. Francis. \u25a0 >
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. McNlcholas and Mr.
and Mrs. R.-T. McNlcholas of Portland,
Or., are recent arrivals at the Palace
Hotel.
The j following members of the • United
States Geological Survey are at the St.
i Francis: F.H. Humphreys, W. C. Men
denhall, J. B. Lippincott. ,
Benjamin P. Tabor of Auburn, one of
the attorneys for the defense In the fa
mous Adolph Weber, murder case, is at
the Lick.
Recent arrivals from New York at
the Palace are: F. R. Bain, A. L. Bar
ker,A. E. Phillips, T. A. Longhead and
L. Manhelm.
Claus : Spreckels and wife will leave
the city to-day in their private car for
; Paso Robles. They wlll.be accompanied
by R party of friends. V.
Drake C.O'Reilley and his motherof
Portland, Or., who have been spending
the last ten : days at the St. Francis, will
leave for the north on to-night' a train. -,;
Harry H.» Campbell, treasurer of the
Grand Opera-house,; and George M. Ax
tell will leave on the Oceanic Steamship
Company's liner.: Ventura on January
4 for Honolulu. They \u25a0 will return on
the steamship Sonoma, due to arrive
here February . 5.V <- '
Joseph S. Spear Jr. and wife have re
turned to the city from a trip to | Boston
and Washington, D.C.: Mr. • Spear will
soon be succeeded in the office of.Sur-,
veyor of Customs, San " Francisco,/ by.
State Senator ; E. F. Woodward of Santa
Rosa, secretary ; of the ; Republican State
Committee. "
CaUforniana la New York.
NEW YORK, \u25a0 Dec; 29.--The following
Calif ornlans have arrived in New York:
: From San Franclsco-^r^ Esley,Vat : the
Ashland; : A. Markowita, 'at : ' the • Con
tinental;; T. Gluck.'at the'Belvidere; J- !
McMahon, at the Herald i Square. ,'
From Los /Angeles— X. T. Brewster,
at the Navarro.- :
CHURCH UNION
NOW ASSURED
Two Denominational Bodies
of the Presbyterian Faith
Are About to Consolidate
REACH AN AGREEMENT
But One Dissenting Tote Is
Cast on the Question of
Merging the Organizations
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 29.— After a division of
almost one hundred-years steps were con
summated to-day in the joint session of
the general sessions, . which, when form
ally : ratified, will unite the Northern
Presbyterian church \ of the United States
of America and the. Cumberland Presby
terian church. Almost two; days have
been consumed- by sub-committes in ar
ranging details for the : union. Their re
ports were submitted to the general com
mittees representing each church this aft
ernoon. Within two hours -the two- gen
eral committees had met in joint session
and agreed upon a basis for the union
of the two denominational bodies. .;\u25a0 This
agreement will be reported! to the general
assembly of the Presbyterian church,
which will meet at Dcs Moines, lowa," on
May 17, 1906, and to the Cumberland Pres
byterian church, which will mccV in De
catur, 111., on the same date. After
formal ratification by these two executive
assemblies the official announcement will
be made that the union of • the two
churches has finally been consummated.
The general committee of the Cumber
land Presbyterian church had its full
quota of twenty-one members present.
Only sixteen of the t~enty-one members
of the Presbyterian general committee
were present.
HOLD EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Joint session was executive in char
acter. It was stated .* that . on the- joint
ballot on the question of the proposed
union there was but one dissenting vote.
It was iurther stated that wh^n the
Cumberland committee 1 was ' appointed
seven men known to be m : opposition to
the proposed union were placed ' on the
committee. The vote to-uay inuicated
that six had changed their minds.
The report adopted in the joint ses
sion of the joint committee declares
that the confession of faith of the
Presbyterian church of the United
States of America, as revised in 1903,
and the other doctrinal and ecclesias
tical' standards of that church have
been constitutionally adopted by the
Cumberland Presbyterian church, as
has also the joint report prepared by
these two general committees two
years, ago; that the union of the two
churches has been fully agreed to by
both and it is recommended that im
mediately after the foregoing effects of
the steps thus far taken have been
announced the confession of faith and
the other doctrinal and ecclesiastical
standards of the Presbyterian church
of the United States of America shall
be binding upon the ministers, ruling
elders, deacons, officers, churches, \u25a0 ad
judicators, boards/ committees and all
I other agencies of the Cumberland
Presbyterian church; that when this
announcement has been made by the
moderator of the General Assembly of
the Cumberland Presbyterian church
and that body shall have adjourned
sine die as separate assemblies and
before the General Assembly of the
Presbyterian church . of,, the United
States of America shall adjourn sine
die the moderator of the latter assem
bly shall announce that all of the
Presbyterians of the two churches shall
elect commissioners to the United Gen
eral Assembly of 1907 on a basis of one
minister and one ruling elder for every
twenty-four ministers or moiety there
of; that the ..new moderator of
the Jnited Assembly shall preside over
the United General Assembly of 1907,
and it is recommended that the modera
tor of the Cumberland Presbyterian
Assembly of 1906 shall preach the open
ing sermon of the United General As
sembly of 1907, the stated clerk of the
Presbyterian- Assembly, with the assist
ance of the stated clerk of the Cumber
land Presbyterian Assembly, making
up the role of the United Assembly.
WILL CALL UNITED ASSEMBLY.
Finally, that when the foregoing has all
been adopted and official announcement of
the fact telegraphed by each of- the as
semblies to the other, the moderator of
each assembly shall be empowered to an
nounce that the reunion and union of the
Northern Presbyterian church of the
United States of America and the Cum
berland Presbyterian church has been
fully consummated and will be henceforth
in full force and effect.
It Is provided. that all boards, commit
tees, trustees and other agencies of the
Cumberland Presbyterian church that
have hitherto been required to report to
the general assembly of that church shall
report to the united assembly in 1907 and
thereafter/ unless these boards or other
institutions shall be united with similar
existing Presbyterian organizations. " ,
All other details as to property rights
of boards, colleges, etc., the question of
recommending the place of meeting of the
United Assembly, suggestions as to the
presby terlal and synodlcal members and
lines and other adjustments that may be
come necessary, were referred by the gen
eral committee to the sub-committees for
further consideration and final report to
the general assemblies.
In 1810 the \ Cumberland Presbyterian
church was organized in Dixon County,
Tennessee, by three "Presbyterian minis
ters who had withdrawn from , the : Pres
byterian church. The division arose con
cerning the extreme doctrine of predes
tination and' certain other questions ;of
practices in ordination of minister s '* who
did not fully conform to classical Btand
u-is of, the Presbyterian church, those
who protested insisting that the ° exigen
cies |of frontier , life demanded occasional
exceptions to, the established rule.
FIRE IN CHINESE QUARTER (
CAUSES GREAT EXCITEMENT
Womra Refuse to Leave Burning Build
ing on Church Alley and Are
Dragged Out.;
A fire that caused considerable ex
citement in Chinatown broke out about
5 o'clock; yesterday morning ) in : a Chi
nese f opium ' resort |at 20 Church alley.
An alarms was turned in^from box. 293
and the firemen quickly, responded/ The
building- was j entirely gutted and i the
building at 1016 \u25a0. Stockton street, which
adjoins in trre rear, was partially dam
aged."'-./ :\u25a0;/./\u25a0 ;, -;-. ' : \u25a0'•: :..;-,. \u25a0/\u25a0"'-:>\u25a0'•:\u25a0 ,-/. \
The two ; upper ; floors, 22 and :24
Church' alley, were occupied by Jap
anes.e-women, over thirty, in number,
and the firemen' and; police-had the ut
most \u25a0 difficulty.*' in J getting,, them /out Vof
the burning .building." Policemen Arey
and Logan of the Chinatown squad had
to force the .wife of T. Muria, . who lived
on the : top floor.'to' leave. She resisted
and' they; had : to drag ' her out. 'r Crowds
of ' excited 'Japanese • and Chinese ' were
running about ' in t a panic t and : it Iwaa
not till- the i flames 'were ' extinguished
that the excitement. was allayed.
i* Captain and Mrs." , ] " Lawrence --' B.
Simonds,Lwho:have been visiting East
ern points ) for:; the '• last? three-; months,
"returned yesterday' and are at the Hotel
NEW RAILWAY
MAIL SCHEDULE
Postmaster General Cortel
you Announces Important
Change in Postal Service
TAKES EFFECT SUNDAY
Under the New Arrangement
a Day Will Be Saved Be
tween Here and the East
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— Postmaster
General ; Cortelyou to-day announced
what, from a postal standpoint, is re
garded as one of the most , important
changes in railway mail schedules .that
has occurred in many years, affecting
all points in the East having business
with points west of- the Mississippi
Itiver. It becomes effective on Decern 1
ber 31.
A' change of the schedule on the
Union Pacific Rail-way betw eeri' Omaha,
and Ogden. Utah, and the Southern Pa
.cine between Ogden and San Francisco,
with supplemental changes on the Chi
cago, Burlington and Quincy and Chi
cago and Northwestern railroads be
tween Chicago and Omaha, reduces the
time of mail in transit between New
York and San Francisco, westbound,
and between the samo points, east
bound, practically twenty-four hours.
Heretofore, leaving New York at 3:15
a m. on Monday and Chicago at 2:-i3
a. m. on Tuesday, it reached Ogden at
3:45 a. m. on Thursday and San Fran
cisoo at 12:43 r>. m. on Friday. Under
the new schedule this mail will reiieh
Ogden at 3 p. m. on Wednesday and San
Francisco at 12:30 p. in. on Thursday.
Eascbound, under the old schedule,
the mail leaving San Francisco at 1
p. m. on Monday passed Ogden at 8
a. m. on Wednesday and Omaha at 1
p. in. on Thursday, reaching Chicago at
2.20 a. m. on Friday and New York at
4 a. m. on Saturday. Under the new
schedule it leaves San Francisco at 6
p. m. on Monday, passing Omaha tit
10:45 p. m. on Wednesday, Chicago at
10:30 a. 'in. on Thursday and arriving
in New York at 11:53 a. m. on Friday.
A business day is saved each way.
Direct connection is made from Port
land, Ore., and Idaho points.
Connection is also made with the San
Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Rail
road, putting mail into Los Angeles at
4:45 p. m. '. \-/* 'f'-
WELLS OWES HIS EX- WIFE
A LARGE SUM OF ALI3IONV
Son of Late Auditor Is Cited by Judge
Graham to- Account for His
Conduct.
George A. Wells, son of the late Au
ditor Asa R. Wells, has been cited, by
Superior Judge Graham to show cause
why he has failed to pay his former
wife, Mrs. Josephine Wells, alimony,
as ordered. Wells has been so lax in
his duty, as set forth in the order, that
the alimony judgment against him now
amounts to more than $3000. He will
appear next Friday and offer such ex
cuses as he may possess, but whether
or not they will be accepted by the
court remains to be seen.
Judge Seawell has taken under ad
visement the" action for divorce insti
tuted by 'Theodore 'B. against Kathcr
ine O"i>onnell Lyman. Mr. and Mrs.
Lyman were married in New Orleans
in 1896" and he alleges in his divorce
complaint that she deserted him six
months after the ceremony. He says
she Is possessed of a large separate
estate.
Suits for divorce were filed yester
day by William H. against Georgle F.
Lewis for desertion; Swtuihllde against
Ralph L. Ren tz for failure to provide;
William G. against Stella Walsh for
intemperance; Mary against F. Mid
dleton for willful neglect, and William
T. against Nellie Cothran for deser
tion.
Marion V. has sued Lon A. Estes to
annul their marriage. She alleges that
at the , time of the wedding she was
.under,. 18 years of age and did not se
cure the consent of her mother to wed.
PATRICK GKANT IS CHARGED
WITH FELONY EMBEZZLEMENT
Former President of the Blacksmiths'
Helpers' Union Is Arrested for
Taking: Lodge Fund*.
Patrick Grant, former president of
the Blacksmiths' Helpers' Union, was
arrested last evening by Detectives
Ryan; and ODea on a warrant sworn
to by George Anderson of 435 Minna
street, charging him with felony em
bezzlement. Grant embezzled $1077
belonging to the union and when it
was discovered on March 1, 1902, he left
the city and went to Alaska.
He was seen on the street yesterday
by William McCabe, secretary of the
Labor Council, who invited him to his
office and telephoned to the police.
When searched. at the Hall of Justice
he had $15 50 In his pocket and $3 in
his shoe. Playing the races- is sup
posed, to' be the cause of his downfall.
HEART AND DART.— This evening Progress
Lodge of ; the Fraternal : Brotherhood will give
its last party of the year; In : the Red Men's
building. It will be I a heart and' dart ' party,
under the direction of G. A. Hubbell and wire
ond Mrs.'E. I. Hubbell. \u0084
ADVTERTISEAIEXTS.
Entertaining a Nation -
€ A theatre ticket costs
from one to two dollars,
according: to -where you
live and . where you sit. ;It
is /good for three hours of
entertainment*
McClure's < Magaiine costs
a dollar a year, and is good
for ' twelve months* enter-
tainment.
A crowded' house holds
two thousand people. A play
is a great success that draws:
crowded sho uses for one
thousand nights. .
Yet McClure's Magazine is
read every month by two
million people.
; WHere;: and how *can you
get ; so much real entertain-
: ment as in \ a one-year sub-
scription to McClure's
Magazine?
All News stands, JOe, $ J a year
McGlure's Magazine
44-60 East 23d Street, IS EW YORK
Bakers Cocoa
and Chocolate
Highest
Awards
m \\ 11 Europe
ilfcijt 1§ America
Registered
U. S.Tat. Offlca
A perfect food, highly
nourishing, easily digested,
fitted to repair wasted
strength, preserve health,
prolong life.
A new and handsomely Illus-
trated Recipe Book sent free
WALTER BAKER & CO. Lti
DORCHESTER. MASS.
\( a "AKRQW)
\a Clnpeeo Shrunk I
|j Quarter Sizes, with tie loop I
if 15 CENTS EACH: 2 TOR A Ql'MtTEtt 1
// CLUETT, PEABODY4.CO. \\
|l Jlakehs ok Clcktt asu Monarch Shibts HI
THE
Los Angeles Times
-i BAX FRAXCISCO OFFICE
IS NOW IN
Room 4i, Chronicle Bidg.
Telephone Main 1472.
Arthur L, fisb. Representative
The Times is the advertising \u0084
medium of the Southwest
1 visit DR. JORDAN'S crcatJ
SMUSEUH OF fiHfiTOHIYS
A £& , !BiiiaißKETST.V«t.6tlj*;th.S.f.ca 4
A \u25a0\u25a0 Warld. Weakneuca or mo» eontrut.il X
J aV&\ OR- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEh /
\ Bs>§£&U. Coninlt»tlon ftt» and Itrletly print* \
t J lS^£l H Trt«tme»t p«rM*»!!/ or bj l«i«. A £
\8 <t \l II P o ***" 1 * mrtU tT»i7S«»«nndtr»k«a. W
Atfl UW Wr!ufcrß«k,ritltO*OPmrol'J
\ I! I «%»«•\u25a0**:«. 'IiILEB r&EJL 'if
\ £ • JJ. v&lubl* WeK for k*a.) , - i
r i>». j oa» ax *.«;«>.. lost M»r*#t st. s.k y
THE PALACE HOTEL for bat cooking.
THE PALACE HOTEL for qdekatterrice.
THE PALACE HOTEL for finest muiic
THE PALACE HO Tc L for modem comforts
THE PALACE HOTEL fox moderate rates.
(1 -^PATENTS? fl
XaS^aaO MARKET ST. .S r T*Z2i*
• \u25a0 AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA IT l^
MATINEE TO-DAY
NOTE — The second and last week begins with
Sunday New Year's Eve Performance
Ilolldar Matinee XeTr. Year's Day.
l^'J CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
In tha Farcical Comedy Hit.
The American Lord
Jan. S— LOUIS JAMES In "RICHELIEU."
'S^'^s^^H*flßCTdT^* I"'L3:iu»1 "'L3:iu» *nt/S* m
H. -W. '. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
.MATIXEE AT 2:IS— THIS EVENING. -
Becond Bis Week and Farewell Performances of
THE NEILLS
In the Stupendous and Unrivaled Success.
IF I WERE KING
The Triumph of the Season.
Only Time in Stock. Never Before at Popular
#•*&»?»**.# Prices.
Next Mon. Mat— When We Were Twenty-One,
With Miss Amelia Gardner.
Evenings— 2sc. 60c, 75c. Sat. Mat.— 2se. 50c.
Bargain Mats. Thura and Sun:. 25c everywhere.
Tell South 918. Direction of H. WV. BISHOP.
MAT. TO-DAY AT 2:15— T0-NIGHT.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
The Thrilling and Dramatic Sen nation.
THJ EYE WITNESS
\u25a0" . By Lincoln J. Carter.
The Talk of San Franci«c<J.
\u25a0SHM$PVHt3HM3>*'r' A Veritable Stace Triumph.
SEE the LeaDln* Automobile.
SEE the Deep Water Dive and Rescue.
... \ • The Acme of Stage Realism. •
Next Mon. Mat.— "BY, RIGHT OF, SWORD."
. \u25a0 \u25a0'-. Raluh Stnart's Success. '
POPULAR PRlCES— Evenings. 13c, 25c. 3So
and BOo.: Sat. and Sun. Mats., 150 and 25c
MATINEE TO-DAY
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
America's Greatest Tragedienne.
NANCE O'NEIL
In Maeterlinck's Dramatic Masterpiece.
MONNA VANNA
WHAT THE PRESS SAYS:
THE CHRONICLE:
'"A Powerful. Dramatic and Poetic Play.**
THE CALL:
"No One Can Afford to Mls» the Play."
THE BULLETIN:
"A Good Play and Always Beautiful."
EVENIIVG POST:
"A Source of Infinite Delight.**
NEXT "VVEKK — XANCE CVNEIt* In "TTIB
JEWESS." "HEDDA GABLER." "MAC-
BETH."
MATINEE NEW TEAK'S DAT.
Matinees To-Day
and New Year's Day;.
TO-NIGHT— EVERY NIGHT.
GRAND CHRISTMAS EXTRA VAGANZA.
ORPHEUS in HADES
REAPPEARANCE OF TEDDY WEBB.
A TREAT FOR "CHILDREN OF ALL. AGE 3"
PRICES— 23c. 50c. 73c.
TO-UORUOW (SUNDAY) iIATINEE.
Last Appearance of
ALICE NIELSEN
Donizetti's Charmlnx Opera.
DON PASQUALE
Seata. %2. $1 50. $t and 5Uc — Now on >ale.
BUSH STREET
CHAS. P. HALL, Prop, and Mgr. Phone Main 127
<«THR BEST YET."—
23C— MATIXEE TO-DAY— 23C.
MATINEES Every Tuesday. Friday. Saturday
and Sunday.
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW TEAR'S DAY.
The Renowned Extravaganza Company.
BROADWAY GAIETY GIRLS
In a Superb Extravaganza Production of
GLITTERING SYLVIA
Beauty Chorus. Gorgeous Costumes and Effects.
AN ALL-STAR CAST.
Popular Prices — Even'ss. 13c, 23c. 23c. 50c. 73c.
All Reserved. Matinees, 2Tc: reserved.
New Year'a Week— "THE JOLLY GIRLS."
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW
Ye Colonial Septette: Merlnn** Hnc«»
Jules and Ella Garrison: EZdsar Hlx-
lers St*ters and Brothers Fordi W'l-
nonn Winter: Campbell and Joliunon:
Kloes Sl.ttera. and Orpheum Motlwa
Pictures.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thursday.
Saturday and Sunday.
SPECIAL. MATIXEE XEVV YEAR'S.
PRICES. 10c. 25c and sOc.
AT £S A rj A T) Belasco £ Mayer.
ALCAZAR E^rs
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT — MATS. TO-DAY AND SUX.
"Electrified Oldest IMaycroeri." — C;O.\.
'•B<p<«t ChrNtma* Show." — Town Talk.
Mark Twain's Famous lt»th Cantury Romance.
The Prince and
the Pauper 1|
Beautiful Scenery. Costumes and Music, anil
OLLIE COOPER In the Dual Role.
Eves., 23c to 75c; Mats. Sat., Sun., 23c to 50c
NEXT "WEEK, with MONDAY MAT.— The
Universal Laugh Provider.
A STRANGER IN A STRANGE LAND.
ALHAMBRA
Cor. of Eddy and Jones Sta. Phone East 1577.
BELASCO & MAYER. Proprietors.
MATIXEE TO-DAY — TO-XIGIIT. i
MATIXEE * KVEM.XC — TO-MORROW
The World Renowned Champion,
808 HTZSIiMMONS
In Hal Reids Great Drama.
A FIGHT FOR LOVE
Special Engraffement of the Olympic Club Fa»
vorite and Amateur Champion Heavyweight.
SAM DERGER
Fltzalmroons and Berser Appear in Every Act.
Prices — Evenings. 10c to 30c: Matlnpes. 10c.
15c. 23c. Next — "The Heart of Maryland." '
ACADEMY OF SCIENCES MIL
Market st. between Fourth «nd Fifth. "
THE CALITOBNU PROMOTION COMMIT mi
LECTORES ON CALMML
Dally from 2 to i p. m. (except Sunday)
Illustrated by Macnlttoent Stereoptlcnu
Views aad Uovlnor Picture*.
Week Commencins DECEMBER SOTK
STAXISLAI'S COL'XTY
Presentea by 11. 11. Whltmore. from 2 to 2:CO.
AL.V.MKD.V CITY
Presented by John H. Hartog. from 2:30 to i.
SAX JOAai'IX COCXTY
Presented by C»»ivin B. Brown, from 3 to 3:TUL
: SAXTA CI^AR.I COt'XTY.
Presented by M. I. Jordan, from 3:30 to i.
ADMISSION FREE.
Afternoon* at 3. . Evenings at 9.
No Intermissions.
Both well Browne's Spectacular Musical Bur-
lesque,
CLEOPATRA
UP-TO-DATE.
EI'XICE GILMAN" and
200 CLEVER CHILDREX In the CAST.
A GORGEOUS EXTKA VAGANZA!
FUN and FROLIC for YOUNG and OLD.
Open air attraction— BAßNES* DIVING ELKS.
No Increase In Prices.
COMMENCING NEXT TUESDAY:
HIGH CLASS SPECIALTIES.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 5s
Phone for S«ai» Pacific 301.
Racing!
New M& Wbj
California W§ Cl
INGLESIDE RAGE TRACK
Sue or' more races each w««k day, rain o#
•bin*. Races commence at 2 p. m. sharp. Tax*
iirect cars from any cart cf tha city. Fo*
spec^l trains stopping at the track take 3. c.
train at 3d and Tcwnsend st?. at 1:13 p. no.
Rttturalnx train leaves track after last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAM 3. President.
PERCY -W. TREAT. Secretary.
*WEEKLY GALI* 11.00 ?£S TSAB^,'
910
FIELD TRIALS
DRAWING NEAR
Crack Setters and Pointers of the Coast Are
Being Prepared by Their Handlers.
Down on the broad acres of Haggln &
Tevis* in Kern County a half score of
skillful handlers are preparing the finest
dogs of the coast against the
day early in January when they will/be
called upon to compete in the field trials.
These Jiighly bred setters and pointers
sre^the property of representative sports
men from various parts of the coast, the
majority of whom will be on hand to see
their favorites perform in the field. These
trials share with foxhunting and with
polo the highest place in the realm of out
door sporta.
In' v q them has entered no trace of com
mercialism. They represent sport for
eport's (take. Under the rules ofHJie club
lwlting is not allowed. During the course
cf the trials, which usually continue a
\u25a0werk. there is never a hint of a bet of
Rny^character whether in money or other
vrisei There are valuable prizes, both in
money and in plate, and these are never
discussed. The money usually. goes to the
handler of the winning dog, the owner
taking the plate to commemorate the
event.
It is purposed at the forthcoming meet-
Ing to run the members stake on the first
day when enthusiasm is at its height- The
etake has been hedged about with re
strictions this year to make It what Its
name implies. The idea Is to bring out
the member* with their regular shooting
dogs, sometimes called by the Irreverent
-meat dogs" instead of with some highly
developed pointer or setter from the
miring cf their handler. C. H. Babcock.
the clever handler who has charge of the
extensive kennels of W. W. Van Arsdale.
•writes entertainingly of the difference be
tween the field-trial dog and the shooting
dog: as follows:
What is the difference between the field-trial
dog ana the shootlng-dogr What Is the dif
ference la their work? Are they trained dif
ferently? These question* are many time*
w;ked of the neld-trlal man by those Interested
In the Bhootlng-dog, and the answers are many
•nd varied.
Those of the old guard uaually inelst that
any dog that Is & good on« to ret birds over la
a. rood fleld-trlai doe. and the more "killing"
fee Is the higher he ranks In their esteem; for
they c*!m that bird-getting Is the logical pur
pose of the field-dog.
Pace end rar.ffe are entirely secondary m
their estimation. Vrhat they want and must
have Is point-work, r.rn. ia« and all the time,
arid It mak«« IRtle difference how this is ac
compliehed to long as the do* shows his ability
to fill the goraebas. None of your hlgh-Mrunr.
*iae-flun« floss for them. Give them a dog
that stays in *lsht. feols for the fainte«t scent,
roads up carefully, and, above all nointa
They insist that brains and noee' are the chief
requisite* in th« field-trial dot, and given
these, he will find as many birds as his faster
hracemat* with much less exertion— in fact
Jets his h»ad save his heels. No dog th~y
claim, can keep up all day a break-neck epeed
«a why not award the prize to a dor that
•tans in at a pace that he can maintain dur
ing the day's hunt?
At the other extreme we find those who con
sider that a dog that can win In fast com
pany Is surely a good shooting-dog, according
to thtir Interpretation cf th« term. N»t only
that, but a cog to be fit to win in field-trials
must have, first of all. great epe«d and range
With this Is to be coupled a fair degree of bird
cense and point-work.
these two extreme* is a class and
a large one — which U satisfied with fair speed
end rarsgt and a real good degree of bird-sense
end. a fair quantity of point-work.
Every degree between the two extremes has
its admirer*, but really tne IQeal field-trial or
ebooting-dcg Is the one that can combine the
two extremes and the gradations. If a dog is
capable of performing In only one way under
i:l conditions, he Is cure In the course of a
field-trial career to find that conditions wern
ftgalust feira the greater part of the time and
lie is branded as an erratic performer.
\u25a0 There it a certain kind of dog that every
handler > ratiefled to hare in his string when
'\u25a0 < takec is a circuit of trials, and handlers
•re, as a general rule, pretty good Judges of
irhat ft field-trial dog should be. This dog is,
f.rst of all fast and a stayer In all kinds of
leather. Be mast also be wide in ranee wber*
DOGS OF THE SPORTSMEN ARE NOW IN TRAINING
Jt Is required. This will b« more imooJ i* "«
where the dogrs are worked on ground thai is
not likely to hold any bird*. -In some In
stances the dogs may be cast off in a perfectly
barren stretch of ground with no birde nearer
than a ir.ile distant. Here is wher* your close
or medium range dogs are likely to make a
sorry display end are lucky If they are carried
into the next series. Working around near
their handler, there is absolutely no possibility
that the/ will find any birds. This is the real
test of the field-trial dog, lor it is his duty to
go to birds, and after a cast or two to satisfy
Hmeelf away he Roes on a cast of a mile or so.
If ho is lucky enough to find birds out there,
and holds them until his handler comes up,
he hs.8 made a long stride toward winning the
stake.
The keeping of a high class kennel
of field trial dogs is a luxury. One
gentleman who derives much pleasure
from his dogs acknowledges they cost
him JlO.OOO a year. All the oth«r es
tablishments are more modest than
this, but the breaking and the keep
of even one high class dog Is an item.
The dogs in the members stake are
not limited to a certain time in the
field, being allowed work at the dis
cretion of the -Judge. In the Derby
and in the all-age event the dogs must
be down at least thirty minutes in the
first series. In the remainder of the
stake they are allowed work at the
discretion of -the judge, who may be
satisfied at the expiration of five min
utes as to which dog is the best
worker.
\u25a0The most severe test Is in the cham
pion event, in which the trial lasts two
hours, during which time courage,
staying pow*r and other qualities are
severely tried. The dogs are going at
top speed the major portion of this
time.
While the dogs show tremendous
pace and wide range they are/ con
stantly under control of the trainer.
They reepond at once' to the sound of
his whistle or other . signal. R, .M.
Dodge directs the movements of hi 3
dogs by waving a handkerchief to in
dicate the direction in which he wishes
them to work.
This caused one fair follower of the
trials last year to "remark: "I wonder
what Mr. Dodge would do if he left
his handkerchief at home? 1
After several h'lurs .in the crisp win
try air the thoughts of the partici
pants.turn naturally, to luncheon. This
is served either in the field or In some
near-by farmhouse. The luncheon has
for its foundation such substantiate a's
hard-boiled eggs, hot beans, cold roast
chicken, ham. hot coffee and other
delicacies. The gentlemen who are ac
customed to elaborate fare .at their
clubs stand about, the wagon and
break the eggshells:: on the iron tires.
One in a group will hold a saltshaker
and In turn distributes its contents as
the hungry sportsmen hold out their
fggs for a dash- of the condiment.
Others display unexpected • talent in
opening cans of sardines.
\u25a0 The. persons' reach .the field, in sur
reys and then many elect to follow
the dogs on foot or on horseback.
When tired it is the custom to;' take
the first vacant seat which presents it
self, .if not bein? necessary to wait for
one's own vehicle.- It is the same with
the saddle horses, many men . appear
ing'in one saddle during the day.'.
The trials are a rest from the busy
whirl ; of ' the city. The utmost good
fellowship prevails and there are no
distinctions of class, all being out with
but one purpose, that of. seeing deter
mined which is the best dog among
those in competition: When the de
cision of the Judge, Is made known,
usually on the .roadside, the owner of
the winner is warmly congratulated
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER '3O. 1905.
HOLIDAY SPORT
AWAITS GUNMEN
An Army of Duck Shooters
Will Invade!; All the
Marshes on Monday Next
CONDITIONS ARE -IDEAL
Continued Cold Weather
Will Make Birds Work
Well for Enthusiasts
Conditions are pronounced' ideal for
duck shooting during the New Year holi
days, and an army of sportsmen will be
on the marshes to give the feathered
WIDELY KNOWN HANDLERS OF
SPORTING DOGS AND SOME OP .
THEIR CHARGES AFIELD.
game a warm reception. The recent rains
were not sufficient to change existing con
ditions, while the continued cold weather
is just what is required. Shooting, was
good last Sunday on all the preserves fre
quented by the men from this city. Many
of those who wer out complained of . cold
fingers and said it was difficult to handle
a gun. Ice formed on the banks of the
creeks and, it was difficult to push a boat
through. As long . as , the ponds do . not
freeze the shooters are : satisfied to bear
the other discomforts,' which are a part
of the season's sport. : .
The members ' of the Lincoln Gun Club
had a good shoot . last ' Sunday on Peta
luma Creek, the majority, of , the birds
killed being teal and widgeon. The'mem
bers out wer,e Edgar Forster, E. Gamble,
Henry Klevesahl and friend, Ed;Bowen
and friend, Billy Schendel and : ' Louis
Cuneo. The' members will -be out again
to-morrow and Monday and expect: to se
cure some canvasbacks, which have \ been
moving about in the vicinity, of the pre
serve. , \u0084 «
Down on the Monterey preserve of the
Empire ; Gun Club six members had a
Joint bag of '\u25a0 250 ducks last Sunday. An
unusually large number of guns- will be
out on Monday,- several members . having
invited friends to share their great ; sport.
Among the guests who anticipate' a good
shoot is William Janssen. ' Guy Wayman
killed the/ limit on the preserve ' last
Wednesday. '•'. .
Bert Patrick and Mr. Jacobson wern
among those who secured limit bags -- on
the . Empire preserve ? last : Sunday. -Mr."
Patrick will shoot .over the Wilson pond,'
near. Sulsun, j to-morrow,' having "changed
his programme last week. 1
Phil Bekeart will head : a large party of
members of the Family: Gun -Club Cwho
will spend the Holidays on\ their ; Suisun
preserve, which Is yielding excellent sport.
Julius Bruns^; Jerry J SvlchV; Jack -Karney
and others will try. the canvasback shoot
ing at Sears Point. ~~ \u25a0'- ;^|HHj||l||tHi' l^\u0094 P.i
Joe Doyle : and > William Mackie .• kilted a
joint - bag of: thirty-two r ; "cans" and \u25a0' five
teal on Wednesday •' at Sears Point.
Dr. Petrle" and?; Mr.; Pickersglir. had. an
excellent shoot oh spooriies at t Alvarado
last Sunday. - \u25a0\u25a0!• I ' '\u25a0. \u25a0\u25a0"' ';".'
\u25a0- \u25a0 '\u25a0'.'/,'\u25a0 .->'•\u25a0 i •'-". -, • .*-.\u25a0;
on all sides,: the -losers 'complimenting
him on the' possession of sueh ~ a" splen
did dog ;
CLUBS TO RAGE
IN BIG BARGES
Dolphins Accept the Ariel's
Challenge for a Match
in Eight-Oared Boats
MAKE SPOKTING OFFER
Will Carry as Passengers
Referee, Judges and Start
er to Insure Accuracy
In last Saturday's Call It was stated
that'tho Ariel Rowing Club had re
cently acquired an elght-oared pleas
ure barge and intends to challenge the
Dolphin Swimming and. Boating Club,
which! owns a large pleasure barge of
similar: type, to a race around Angel
Island. C. M. Farrell,. , the newly
elected captain of the Dolphin Swim^
ming.and Boating Club, has written to
this paper accepting the. challenge on
behalf of the following oarsmen of the
Dolphin Club: James.. J.'. Cronin,' H.
McKevitt. T. O'Brien; James Thurman,
E. Rolls, C. M. Farrell and William
Remensperger. The . Dolphins r will j row
the barge "John Wieland." and agree
tocarry. as passengers the referee,
Judges and starters, that there may be
no | question as to the / full course be
ing covered. ;The Dolphins, say that
they have always had a high opinion. of
the " speed and seaworthiness \u25a0 of \ their
barge and have been desirous . for a
longt ime of an opportunity to try her
against a boat of . the same - class. , The
Dolphin crew will row for a trophy to
be. awarded; by the Pacific Association
of .Amateur Oarsmen v or for a dinner to
be given; to the winners by the losers,
as may be 'agreed. ';:'
The." Dolphins, In accordance* with
their, usual custom, will hold their an
nual cross-country run to-morrow," the
last, day of the old year .\\The mem
bers ' will leave '.the boathouse at ; 10
a. m., proceeding to Lombard street,
thence to \u25a0 the : military' reservation :at
the : Presidio, thence ' over ; the . hills to
the Marine Hospital and Bakers beach,
where the line of ; the electric railway
will be " followed to , the Cliff House. >' In
order-to demonstrate x to the world the
'possibilities of | the, Callfornian- climate,*
the run ..will be; wound up by:a dip in
the surf to the south of the Cliff ; House. 7
The ; run . and swim will • be in charge
of Alex W. Pape,: the well-known sin
gle - sculler, who has returned to' : San
Francisco .after an absence .of "four
month 3. r ' The following \u25a0 members ,of
the Dolphin Club have , stated • their in
tentlon to take part in the midwinter
frolic: : President • J. J. Cronin, Captain
CM. Farrell, Vice President W.L. Bush,
E. Rolls, W. O. Patch, ; George Baker,
Horace Perazzi, Oscar. Mohr, .Percy
Rolls, i William Harris, Thomas ' Harris,
George Thompson, i Otto Schultz.' H. v Mc-
Kevitt, William Emil
Barthold; . Joseph ; I/aib, William ,*v Hau
ser, T. J. Kennedy, : T. O'Brien,'F/Sei
bel, ,Val Kehrlein, -J:< Kehrlein, ' J. G:
Attrldge, August- Berthand, - A." Bulottl.
J. -« Sciaroni; William * Donovan. - Martin
Donovan. and Dr.i'A.' W. .Ward. -\u25a0:" '
; ,The first „ week . of ;, the ; ne w , year 'will
be an j active one among the members of
the boat I clubs. -\u25a0;On -, Wednesday^ Jariu-;
ary 3, the! regular meeting: and 1 election
of ; officers,' of the - Alameda .% Boating
Club will v be held. On, Thursday, ' Ja
nuary 4, the : election ; of officers , of the
Soutlv-End: Rowing Club : willr take
place, and on? Saturday, January 6, the
officers ,who , were elected -at; the; last
regular, ; meeting, of > the:,, members
the Dolphin ;, Swimming ' and Boating
Club wiir be; Installed at the annual
dinner ; arid :tov be held;: at a
downtown ? restaurant.
GOLFERS ACTIVE
ON THE LINKS
Double Competition to Be
Held on New Year's Day
on Course at Ingleside
bogey: handicap cup
Liyerpopl Medals Will Be
Awarded to the Maker of
Best Stroke Play Score
New Year's day Is an Important "one
for the. members of the San Francisco
Golf and Country Club, for on that day
the annual ' tournament for . the Llver-
pool medals (gold and silver) Is held.
The contest is over eighteen holes,
medal play, and the player who returns
the | lowest gross' score becomes the
champion at' medal play for the year
of the club and retains possession of
the trophies for twelve months. . In or
der, that -the competitors may contend
under equal conditions of weather and
lights all cards must be handed In not
later, than 2 p. mi Originally, the silver
medal' was intended to be competed for
each month, the winner to " hold it until
the next monthly competition, and the
gold medal each year, the winner to
hold it for a' year, but it • has . become
customary to hand both trophies over
to; the winner of , the annual New Year's
day scratch tournament. .
The same cards that are handed In
for the Liverpool medal competition
will- also be reckoned,, with handicaps,
for the third competition for "The
Bogey, Handicap Cup, 1905-1906." The
winners "of the- two previous competi
tions for this trophy were J. S. Oyster
and'H. A. Blackman.
The wjomen- golfers of the State are
looking, forward to "the first annual
tournament* to' be held by the California
Women Golfers',; Association ~ on. .the
Ingleside link's, January 22 to 27 inclu
siyeJ. The association ' comprises four
teen clubs/seven of which care : in the
northern and : an;', equal number, in the
southern part of California. Only regu
lar : members .of ; these clubs, . entitled
under the rules ito the'. use, of the links
for ( at . least three consecutive months
immediately.. • preceding ; January 22,'
1906, are \en titled, to. ; take part Jn the
tournament and this fact should be cer
tified for^each; entry by N the captains
when forwaidirig*the;entrles. The sec
retary ;of .the : California "'= Women "Golf
ers' Association" should have the • ', en
tries, accompanied by the fee of } $3, . in
her, hands' not^, later than January 19,
1906. V. ; . \u25a0 v.v -. ; r
>TheVprincipal event of the tourna
ment will be the first annual competi
tion for: the Women's championship /of
California. A In, the qualifying round for
this - event , the - contestants * will be
paired by lot. If . one player remains
over, the • committee \u25a0;; will appoint . a
"golfer; to "play, around the"; course with'
the ; player : who draws tha.bye. V lf two
or, more; players 1 should 1 tie -for. the six
teenth, place, \u25a0 they, are to continue play
ing ': until one ! gains '\u25a0 a lead by strokes,
the hole or_ holes ibelng played out. .;
"The , sixteen who; qualify will be
paired- in -the match • play, rounds ac
cording to their position in'the qualify
irig; round, t number.; I" .playing number 9/
number j 2 playing number 10 and so on.
If j two -contestants •; tie 'j;; over eighteen
holes? they iwiir continue; playing until
one\wlns a-hole from the^other.
v-For the first;, time -since golf .was .In
troduced > into- California^ there ; will 'be
a woman : champion j'of State.
Hitherto, there have been\ women cham
pions of , the Paoiflo Coast Golf Associa
tion, - Mrs/ Laurance I. Scott (Mlmm ' Caro
TENNIS PLAY
FOR EXPERTS
Nine of the Clever Backet
Wielders Will Compete
in the Event
NOTED PLAYER DIES
A. H. Brabant of the Park
Club Passes Away in
His Prime Suddenly
The most important and the most inter
esting event held on the tennis courts in
years will commence to-morrow on the
California Club courts. It will be a round
robin scratch singles event. In which the
best players in the city have been invited
to compete.
1 Eleven players were Invited to take part,
i but there will be only nine in the com
petition, . two having declined. The latter
are Coast Champion George Janes and
Percy Murdock. The absence of these ex
perts will hurt the tournament, but not
to any great extent. Murdock has not
had a racket in his hand for weeks and
figures he could not even make a showing
In his present form.
Janes also figures he could not do him
self justice, and although he has been
playing regularly he says he is not play
ing the game he did. earlier in the year.
There was some uncertainty as to wheth
er Griffin would play. He has not noti
fied the tournament committee as yet, but
his clubmates declare he will be on hand.
With Janes and Murdock out of the
way Charles Foley and Clarence Griffln
look to have the best chance to win. On
account of his victory In the bay counties
championship tournament, the Golden
Gate Park contingent figure Foley w|ll
win easily. /
Griffln has had daily practice of late
and Is playing the game better than he
ever did before. He will have no excuses
to offer if he fails to win. He has a won- ;
i derful amount of nerve and self-confi
dence, and these, with his skill, will make
him a hard man to beat.
Herbert Long has been practicing con
stantly for two weeks and is playing, a
greatly improved game. He has been tak
ing his brother Melville into camp of late, i
and is probably as clever'as any player
In the club. Many have been counting
him out, but he will be likely to prove
a big surprise. r
Melville Long, Herbert Schmidt and
Harry Rolfe all have a good chance to
win. They are evenly matched, and it
would not occasion much surprise if either
of the three carried off the honors.
Fred Adams and George Baker have
undoubtedly gone back and in, their pres
ent form are not figured to win many
matches. Earlier in the year both
have been conceded a royal chance to
win.
George Busch is not figured to have
much chance to win first place. He is un
steady and his condition is anything but
good. Busch. will make trouble for some
of his opponents, but he is conceded little
chance to win.
Each player will be called upon to play
two matches a day. As there will be but
nine" in the competition half of It can be
completed on Sunday and Monday. AH
matches will be two sets out of three., The
courts of the California Club, as usual,
will be opeivto the general public, and It
is expected the event will draw an un
usual number of spectators. Play, will
commence at 10 a. m.
The next tournament of the Golden
Gate Club will be held January 7. It will
be a class singles event. The first and
third classes will probably met on the 7th
and the second and fourth classes on the
14th. Tills order may be changed, as most
of \u25a0 the players in the first class are en
tered in the California Club event.
A. H. Brabant, a popular member of
the Golden Gate Club, died suddenly of
ptomaine poisoning during the week. He
v/an an active and an enthusiastic player
and will be greatly missed at the park.
He was a native of New Zealand and
was -a member of .a wealthy family.
There were hints of a romance in his life.
In which he i» said to have married in
accordance with -his father's wishes, but
against his own inclinations. Shortly after
his wedding he came . . to this country
alone. He was of athletic build, and his
untimely death was deplored by his asso
ciates. . \u25a0
CORINTHIANS WILL HOLD
THEIR ANNUAL DINNER
Jolly Yachtwnea Will Gather at Ttb
uron Clubhonae ,on Last D«y
of Old Year.
The annual New Year reunion and
dinner of the members of the Corin
thian Yacht. Club will be held to-mor
row at the Tiburon clubhouse. Mem
bers have been notified to journey over
to Tiburon by the 11 a. m. ferry-boat,
as it is Intended to open the festivities
at noon promptly. Port' Captain John
H. Keef e has full charge of the ar
rangements and is making preparation*
for a banquet that is expected to sur
pass all \u25a0 previous ones in the number
of guests. Ex-Commodore L. B. Chap
man-has prepared a menu that is full
of ingenious :hum6r. The Cooks' and
-Walters' Union will be out hi' force and
will contribute their > share to the fun
of the occasion. The New Year dinner
is held on the last day of the old year
so as to leave the first day of the new
year clear for uninterrupted and profit
able reflection on the Jollity of the
feast. Incidentally an opportunity to
prepare for the labors of the second of
January is afforded.
Crockett) having won the title in 1901
on the Del Monte links; Mrs. R. Oilman
Brown on the same course In 1902, and
Mrs.;E. T. Perkins (Mrs. Jean W. Bow
ers: of Garvanza) on the course of the
Los Angeles Country Club in 1903. As
the Pacific Coast Golf Association found
Itself -'unable*: to.-, get together enough
women players to make up a champion
ship event in 1904 and. 1905, it handed
over the women's championship cup to
the •C. ,W.V G. AyA v to which it belongs
permanently.
In addition -to the gold, .silver and
bronze "medals .of the C W. G. A., and
the Haines cup, there will be two cups,
presented by ; Mrs.-J. Leroy Nickel of
the -Menlo Golf and Country Club as
trophies in. the women's foursomes and
a cup .given" by Henry; Miller "for. the
approach-putting competition. It Is
probable ithatj other; trophies will _be
STATE BOARD FOLLOWS STJITV— Health
Officer -Ra^an -yesterday received notice that
the • Statn Board of Health \u25a0 had fallowed suit
In • the matter of the quarantining by the local
Health Board of flsh, , shrimps and crabs that
are caught or washed in those portions of the
bay polluted by sewage. *
BUSTER ; BROWN'S
XEW YEAR" FEAST. ~
If EXT> SUNDAY'S COMIC
SUPPLEMENT.
HORNETS VISIT
CAPITAL CITY
San Francisco Eleven Goes
to Santa Cruz to Play
Against the Penultimates
EAGLES TS. ALBIONS
Best League Match Sunday-
Is That Between Vampire
and Independent Teams
Last Sunday was a blank one, so far
as matches for the championship of the
California Association Football League
were concerned, but four contests for
first place In the 1905-1906 season will
take place to-morrow. Two of these
are in the neighborhood of San Fran
cisco, while two are out of town en
gagements.
The moat interesting and keenest
contest will be between the Independ
ents and Vampires on the ground at
Freeman's Park. Oolden Gate. This
will begin at 2:30 p. ra., Arthur Robin
son being the referee. When these two
teams met on Sunday, the 3d lnst, on
the Alameda ground, the Vampires won
by a score of two goals to nothing. Tha
Independents are eager for an oppor
tunity to turn the tables on the Vam
pires, who always play better on the
Alameda ground than elsewhere. The
Vampires at present have as many
points aa the league leaders (the Oak
land Hornets), and will struggle hard
to maintain this position.
On the ground at Alameda the Eagles
will play against the Albion Rovers,
A. TV. Wilding being the referee. Ths
members of the Eagle eleven are young
and enthusiastic. Though they have
lost the valuable services of F. J. Croll
as goalkeeper, probably for the rest of
the season, W. J. Richter makes a good
substitute. - Some of the Eagles are
quite fast- on their feet, and, though
they lack combination, they play a
hard game, no matter who their oppo
nents are.
The out of town matches will be
played at Sacramento and Santa Cruz.
The Oakland Hornets leave this after
noon. for the capital. During their
'stay they will have the use of the
gymnasium, baths and reading-room of
the Young Man's Christian Association,
in recognition of the fact that several
members of the Oakland Hornet Club
belong to the Y. M. C. A. of San Fran
cisco. Half a dozen students of the
University of California who live in
Auburn and belong to the Oakland
Hornets, will come down to Sacramento
to see the game. The Oakland Hornets
will lack the services of Its captain
and fullback. H. R. Elliot, and also of,
its center forward and past captain. J.
C. B. Mackenzie, the former having
been ill recently and the latter having
gone stale. The team will be made up
of Mcßltchie, goalkeeper; J. McGregor
or Gilchrist. right back; Yon Helms,
left back; Bird. McLachlan and. Duncan
11, halfbacks; Chfist.ensen and J.
Smith, right wing; Chambers, center
forward: Warburton and Duquesne,
left wing.
The San Francisco eleven will Jour
ney, to Santa Cruz, where' they will
play against the Santa Cruz team on
the ground In Vue de l'Eau Park, John
Cameron, secretary of the C. A. F.
League, being the referee.
As no league matches were played
last Sunday, the table of results for
the 1905-1906 championship of the
league ' remains as given in The Call
last Saturday.
Edgar Pomeroy, the well-known Oak
land Hornet, and Arthur Robinson,
treasurer of the California Association
Football Union, are busily endeavoring
to organize a Saturday league, which
seems likely to open with four clubs,
viz.. the Oakland Hornet Reserves, the
Olympics, the Pirates of Oakland and
the Berkeley Wasps. It fs possible the
Seamen's Institute and a new club be
ing formed by some young men who
are employed in city offices may come
Into the Saturday League. A meeting
will be held soon to elect officers, draw
up a schedule of games and make other
necessary arrangements. If the pro
moters 'of the new orgflanization are as
successful as they hope to be, the series
of Saturday league games will begin
early in February.' , \
.Patrick ODea, formerly captain of
the Wisconsin University football team
and holder of the American record for
kicking field goals. Is in San Francisco,
which will be hf3 headquarters as Pa
cific Coast manager of the Western Oil
Transportation Company. He is an
Australian and held the championship
of his province for long distance kick
ing. He is a first-class Association
football player and was engaged as a
coach for the Association football team
of Wisconsin University, but soon after
arriving at Madfson, Wis., he received
and accepted the offer of the oil com
pany. He weighs about 175 pounds,
and is enrolled with the Oakland Hor
nets. In whose team he will play as
soon as a vacancy occurs.
The Sacramento Association football
club is gaining strength and now has
seventeen duly registered playing, mem
bers. • It Is unlucky that H. G. Macart
ney, the captain and center forward, I*
unable to play on account of illness
and that Gillchrest, who has rendered
great service in the back line, is re
turning to San Francisco, where he la
enrolled with the Hornets.
The Oakland Hornets offered to re
play the match played against the Al
bion Rovers on the 10th lnst. and the
officials of the League gave the neces
sary consent, provided . that the game
should be played before the end of the
league^season. As the Albions have
failed to answer the communication
sent by the Hornets, the latter have
notified th« Albions that the. offer is
taken as declined and that the Hornets
will -demand from the league the two
points surrendered.
Boat Club Officers .Vomlnntcil.
The nominees for. officers to serve the
Alameda Boating Club- during the com
ing six months are as follows: At
Kihn.for president; W. J. Donnelly, for
vice president: C. H. Miller Jr., for
secretary;. A. G. Bell, for secretary: E.
B. Thorn ing and Frederick Hunt, for
captain; H. G. Neilson. for lieutenant
captain;- W. Peterson, for sergeant at
arms. On the" night of the election
there will .be a Christmas tree at the
boathouse.
The .following 1 are the nominees- of
the members of the South End Rowing^
Club for officers for the coming term:
Frederick Deremer, for president; Ray
Gallagher, for vice president: Joseph
O'Dea. for treasurer; W. H. Mead, for
recording secretary; J. P. Foley. for
financial secretary: J- E. Scully, for
captain: Alexander M. George, for vice
captain; C. H. Xoyes. George Wright
J. B. Feehah. S. W. Osborne. R. Meth
mann. F. E. Bergman. John Simpson
R.."Gdllagher and 'Ernest Hogan. for
trustees; Ernest Gibson, Robert Majah
and,T. Rlordax for sergeant at arm*,'SCRAMBLE FOR FIGHT PERMITS HAS COMMENCED
BOXING CLUBS
IN THE FIELD
ioffroth. Levy. Britt and
•* Jim Neil Said to Have
the Winning Combination
MANY BOUTS PLANNED
.Eyes of the Boxers Through
out the East Are Turned
•Toward Rich Purses Here
Keeping pace with the scramble for
patrOnage under the new admin Istra
* lion is another scramble, that of the
fight-promotin*? clubs for recognition.
All ue candidates having weighed in,
the wiseacres are picking four who are
expected to find favor in the eyes of
»the* administration.
• f These four are: Morris Levy, man
ager of the Hayes Valley Athletio
Club; Jim Coffroth and Eddie Graney,
who make up the Yosemite Club; Jim
'Neil and Willie Britt. There is an un
dercurrent of feeling that In the ma
jority of Jim Neil's advertising posters
will be the line, "Manager Neil presents
Frankie Neil." etc., while Willie Britfs
will read, "Presenting Jimmy Britt."
Jim Neil has not been able to break
into the game heretofore. Under the
new order of things he will not have to
dance attendance upon opulent pro
moters, but can match his own boy
whenever he pleases.
A somewhat similar condition pre
vailed for years in an amateur club,
whjch seems to have received a knock
out, recently from which it will
never recover. The. matchmaker did a
•thriving, get-rica-quick business by
* also acting as the manager of amateur
•fighters. It was claimed a fighter's
chance of securing a match was small
v iless he was under this man's man
agement. As he handed the "medals,"
.especially designed by Uncle Sam in
* the Mint, to the fighters he was always
•?urc of his compensation. How the
"Britt-Neil partnership will work out
remains to be seen.
• There is unlimited material upon
*. which to draw for matches without dis
turbing the rest of some of the old
warhorses who manage to attract the
. attention of the promoters.
There is talk of matching Britt with
Young Corbett and Willie Fitzgerald,
\u25a0 although his logical opponent seems to
.* be either Young Erne or Kid Herman,
the boy who beat Eddie Hanlon. Jimmy
Should be ready to take a chance' with
a live one after his long rest.
The more promoters In the field the
better it will be for the fighters, as the
tbp-notcbers can set the clubs bidding
against one another for the choice
* matches.
Determined efforts will be made to
have the' present rule governing "ama
tc.ur permits rescinded. The board now
" An" office requires that a club must be a
' member of the Pacific Athletic Asso
ciation before It can secure a permit.
IT jhis rule is rescindod it will open
fhe way for a resumption of amateur
"boxing on p. large scale. The clubs find
"this game profitable, as the expenses
.are smalL •„•":••
Motorists Off for Florida.
; NE^V YORK, Dec. 29. — The vanguard
of the racing automobilists to be seen
next month in the record-breaking
speed contests on the Ormonde Beach
course left yesterday for Florida. Ce
drino and Fletcher took with them
three of the 110-horsepower cars that
competed in the last Vanderbilt cup
race and in addition the 24-horsepower
car that holds most of the records for
oars of this class and weight.
It -was also announced definitely yes
terday that Lancia, the hero of the
Vaiiderbllt Cup race, would sail for this
country to-morrow from Havre on the
French Line steamer La Touraine. He
Is bringing with him a new racing car
of 110-hor«epowcr and will try- to win
the special prize offered for the two
mile-a-minute race.
'STEELHEADS PROVIDE SPORT
IS THE RCSSIAX RIVER
Hundreds of Bis . Flab Are Beioc
Taken by the An*le» From
Till*' City.
The fishermen have been reveling in
the sport afforded by the steelhead
trout in the Russian River since the
bar broke. Spectators who were pres
ent at the time said the movement of
the fish resembled a drove of sheep
passing through the water.
One hundred fish were caught on
Monday and nearly this number has
been taken each day since then. The
fish average ten pounds In weight.
The tackle used is an eight-ounce rod,
with 100 yards of Allen's solid ailk
line. A No. 4 Wilson spinner, fresh
palmon roe or Benn's red fly are the
Cavorite lures.
The best sport has been found in
Justin Pool, near Duncs.n Mills, and
at Monte Rio. The list of men who
-have enjoyed the sport reads like a
roster of the trout fishermen. Among
those on the stream were:
Loul« Boutellier, Al "Wilson, Sam Welte,
Robert Bam«ter. Joe Pincus, -Harry Leap,
Frank Marcus, Itaisch Terry. Jan.-es Thomp
son, Bert Spring. Joe Urt. William Stevens,
J&bez Swain. Cbarl«i Brelden^tein, FS-ed Patter
ttoa. Dr. Morgan. Bert Harwood, George Went
north, John Butler, John Lemaier, John
Samx&i and William HUlegass. .
Pacific Lodge"* New Offlcers.
F. L. HanBen, the retiring master of
Pacific Lodge, assisted by Past Master
j. W. Anderson, last night installed
the following as officers of that lodge
in the Masonic Temple: A. W. Turpin,
W. M.; C- E. Jackson. S. W.; E. F.
Leonard, J. W.; George L. Darling, T.;
•George Penlington, S.; E. Elk us, S. D.;
E. S. Jacobs, J. D.; M. McLean. M.; E.
11 Marshall, S. S.; Walter S. Gray* J. S.;
James Whitten, tyler. The music dur
ing the ceremony was by Benjamin
Clark, (Samuel D. Mayer, J. C. Hughes,
"«ind W. Nielsen. The retiring master
•was presented with a handsome dia
• mon<]-set jewel and then he in turn
.presented to each of those who were
officers with him during his term a
pretty silver trowel, inscribed with the
name of the recipient and the name of
• the station be filled. The ceremonies
•'in the hall were followed by a
•at the Lick House. A. W. Turpin, the
new master, presided as toastmaster
and during the evening the assemblage
. was addressed by J. W. Anderson, Gus
' Gunzendorfer, F. L. Hanson, George L.
'. Darling, C F. Leonard and James E.
. cordon.
Knookcti Down by a Car.
Joe Jjongel. C£2 Sutler street, was
knocked down and painfully Injured by
a Post-street car at . the' corner of
Stockton street yesterday afternoon. Ho
was crossing the street, and seeing cars
coming in each direction loit his head
and the eastbound car struck him.
HITCH OCCURS
IN FOOTBALL
Old Committee Cannot Amal
gamate With New Until
Members Consult Superiors
PAUL DASHIEI/S STAND
Takes Weak Position That
His Body Did Not Assume
to - Legislate for All
1 PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 29.— The com
j mlttee of seven appointed yesterday by
the New York Conference on Football to
confer with the Intercollegiate football
rules committee now in • session ;in this
city met to-night and organized by se
lecting Dr. H. L. Williams of the Uni
versity of Minnesota chairman, and Dr.
G. A. Babbitt of Haverford College sec
retary. . . ... ..•'......*••
Late in the evening the committee of
seven was invited to confer with the
original football rules committee. After
a long conference the intercollegiate foot
ball rules committee decided that its
members had no power without first con
sulting their" respective universities to
amalgamate with the committee appoint
ed by the New York conference. . •
The old committee will communicate
with the new committee as soon as pos
sible. This decision was reached after a
conference with the New York conference
committee, at which the latter proposed
an amalgamation of. the committees to
be known as the national rules commit
tee. Subsequent to making its decision
the old committee Invited the members
of the new committee to join them in a,n
informal discussion of suggested changes
in rules.
COM3IITTEE HAS PROPOSITION.
After showing their credentials the
New York conference committee submit
ted tbo following proposition to the origi
nal committee:
1. That the two committees be'mmalsamated
into a national rules committee to ' meet an
2 That the Individual member* of th« na
tional committee present and discuss changes
and modifications of existing, rules at each
annual rneetlnc • \u25a0 \u25a0 .
3. That an executive committee of five M
chosen from the -national committee for the
purpos- of drawing up definite rules embody
ing the recommendations of the national com
4. That the five members of the executive
committee b« made up of three from the pres
ent rules committee and two from the New
York conference committee. . _
6. That the rules determined upon by the
executive committee be submitted to the in
dividual members of .the general committee
for ratification. ' ' \u25a0"
6 Upon ' ratification by a majority of the
c*nVral committee these rules ehall become the
official rule* for the ensuinr year.
STAND OF FORMER OFFICIALS.
The proposition was favorably received
by the members of the old committee and
after a brief discussion the new commit
tee retired and awaited the decision of the
original committee.
The original committee deliberated for
some timo and shortly before 11 o'clock
gave Its answer .to - the new committee,
which was as above stated.
The original committee later gave out
the following statement: ..„.,,....
' After inquiry this- committee -finds -that 1U 1
members have 'no power, v without first con-:
suiting their respective universities, to amalga
mate with the committee appointed by the
New York conference, but as all of us are
Interested In the amendment of the rules look
ing to the betterment of the game . we In
vited them to meet with us Informally this
afternoon for a general discussion of such
amendments. The members of this committee
will obtain definite instructions from their sev
eral institutions as to amalgamation and com
municate the result at an. early date.
WHERE DOES HARVARD STAND?
It was the intention of the original
football rules committee to take up the
suggestions made by its members at a
meeting held here threa weeks ago, but
the programme was disarranged by the
action yesterday of .the New York confer
ence. There was much Interest mar'fest
ed as to what suggestions Harvard had to
offer in the way of reform rules -because
of the conference Mr. Reid had with Pres
ident Roosevelt Harvard is the only
Institution represented on the committee
that has not yet presented Its ideas for
eliminating the objectionable features of
the game. Whether Mr. Reid was pre
pared to present his suggestions is not
known.
Paul Dashiel said to-night that the
members of the old committee, owing to
the attacks made on the committee, had
received specific instructions from their
respective Institutions and that whatever
new rules were formulated were to be fol
lowed by the' institutions represented on
the committee. He said the committee
did not assume to legislate for all the in
stitutions in the country. Institutions not
represented on the committee, he said,
did not have to follow the rules the old
[ committee . made.
Wrestler* to the Fore A era In.
MONTREAL, Quebec, Dec. 29. — Frank
Gotch defeated Delivuk, the Austrian
wrestler, to-night in two straight falls,
Greco-Roman. He took the first fall
in one hour and the second in twenty
six minutes.-
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec. 29.- : — A
wrestling match at the Empire Theater
here to-night between Tom Jenkins and
Dan McLeod, with a time limit of half
an hour, was declared a draw, neither
man getting a fall. . Jenkins, however,
won $100 because he remained fifteen
minutes without being thrown. A sec
ond condition of the contest was that
Jenkins was to receive $200 if he
threw McLeod within the time named.
Two thousand spectators saw the exhi
bition.
JURY ACQUITS FRESNO SIAN
WHO SHOT WIFE'S FRIEND
FRESNO, Dec. 29. — To-night, after
being out six hours, a jury declared
Joseph H. Smith of this city not guilty
of attempting to murder J. Frank
Avenall of Fowler. The verdict closes
a case that had its beginning on Sep
tember 22. "On that day Avenall walked
into Smith's office on business and after
a few minutes Smith drew a revolver
and shot Avenall in the back as he
crouched en the floor. .Neither Smith
nor Avenall would talk at that time.'
There was much public interest in- the
t.ffair because of the prominence of the
men, one being cashier of the bank of
Fowler and the other ex-cashier of the
Farmers' Bank*, of 'Selma' and both
members of the Elks. Not -until the
opening statement' of -the defense was
made did any one. know what the de
fense was. * It was that Smith believed
that Avenall had ruined his shome- by
misleading. Smith's wife and as a result
of thut belief tie. became
insane and shot Avenall. The Jury was
out until 11 o'clock to-night. ..
Run Down by Cable Car.
James McHugh, 19. Dehon street, was
run down \ by a Castro street car at
Seventeenth street early this, morning
and lies at'the Central' Emergency Hos
pital with a fractured skull. He may
die. The police are searching for A.
P.M oore, grlpman of the car.
THE SANVJERANCISCO" CALL. SATURDAY.' DECE.M BER 30. 1905.
'CHASER BALKS
AT STIFF JUMP
Flea, the Public Favorite,
Buns Out of the Course
and Horse Cazador Scores
DOLLIE WEITHOFF- -WINS
Eecede's in the Betting, as
Speculators Think She
Cannot Go the Distance
LOS AXGELES. Dec.' 2 9.— Cazador, at
11 to 5, won the handicap steeplechase
at Ascot \u25a0> to-day. "Flea, the favorite,
refused to take the • fourth jump > and
ran out of . the course. Dollie Weit
hoff furnished the upset by winning 1
the mile and a. sixteenth affair. No
one thought she would go the distance.
She went back from, B to 1 to 15 to 1
In the betting, "but won handily from
the favorite. Fortimatus. Two favor
ites and three second* choices" won.
Weather clear: track fast. Summary:
First race, steeplechase handicap, short
course— Cazador. 136 (Tully), 11 to 0, won;
Marylaader 132 (Sutherland). 8 to 1 second;
3'3 ' 13& (Hewitt). -7 to 1, third. Time,
3:C>tt. Flea and Chief Ray also ran.
\u25a0 Second race, six and a naif furlongs — Mar
peasa^ «4 (Hudlln), 0 to 2. won: Henchman.
89 (Wiley). 2 to 1, second; Stoessel, 102
(Buchanan). sto 2 third. Time. 1:21%.
Llllio B, April's Pride, Theo Case and Babe
B also ran.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles—
Dollio Welthoft. 103 (McDaniel). 13 to 1, won;
FortunatUß. 112 (Miller). 8 to 6. second; Duti
ful. 106 (Wiley). 6 to 1, third. Tima,. l:4S?i.
Miss Betty. Sheriff Bell. Ikkl, Hot and Tounj
Marlowvalso ran.
Fourth race, one mile — El Otros. 106 (Wiley),
even, won; Skeptic, 106 (Miller), 5 to 1, sec
ond; Sals 108 (Booker), 12 to 1, third. - Time,
1:41%. Ralph Young:. Fulleta. Luckett. Sallna
and Susie Goodtne also ran. • -.- •
Fifth race. Futurity course — Hester W, 107
(McDfiniel). 5 t0. 2. .won: Olio 110 (Kunz).
8 to 1, second; Azora. 105 (Booker), 30 to 1,
third. Time,. 1:0»94"..< Lotta Gladstone and
Crowshade also ran. -, \u25a0 \u25a0
Sixth race six furlongs — Golden Buck. 110
(Powell), 0 to 2. won ; Rubiana. 110 (Miller),
T to 2. second ;. Lady : Klspar, 105 , (Nichols),
16 to 1. third. Time, 1:14%.. Prince Magnet,
Dan Collins.' Pay Me. 1 Hilona, Argot, Prince
Ching. Mattia . Spencer?, and ; B. C. Runte 'also
ran. : . :•\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0, ;•>;... ;:"Vr
INGLESIDE PARK CARD
OF HOLIDAY SPORT
Three StaJies-Up for Decision
To-Morrow and New :
Years Day. .;-
There will be ho -'coursing at-Ingle
side Park to-day, the three stakes up
for decision beina scheduled for ''tor
morrow and Monday, which will be a
holiday. . A champion event '.and., a
class stake will- be disposed:of.to
morrow, leaving a sixty-four dog open
stake for New Year's day. The likely
winners look to be: :
Champion - stake— Panoche, Tralee's Best,
PYank C, Fetterless, Carlo w. Boy. Foxhunter,
Belmont, Friendless Boy. Agile Spurt,- lodine,
Richard Anton. Lady Leeds. .. ?•>-<" *.
Class stake — Black Coon. •. The Rival, Queen's
Motto. Eleanor 18. \u25a0• Four Paw. : Ruby • Athlete,
Shotgun, Miss Gambit. Bartagus, Full Moon,
Patched Up. Pony Capital, Paul Xmnbar, Mount
; Eagle, Lancashire Lad, -Bon Ami.'— '\u2666 . .^\u25a0\u25a0 i
•Open stake — Ina Cissus, Mickey ' Free,": Glau
! cua. Mary Patton, Russel J. Gambit. Sea Lion,
Blanche Jewett, Hidden Hatred. \u25a0 Falrmount
. Lass, Moonbeam, Gloomy Gus, Terrah,' Irving
ton Boy. Vina, Sweetness, Free Rock, - Se
cretive, General Fremont. Boutonnlere Pro
metheus, • Dolly Bishop. Idleness, Rose of Gold,
Rock Roller, Doretta, D R, Sir Thomas, Golden
Feather. Miss Viking, Arthur S, Stlngaree'.
CHICAGO SLUGGERS
SENTENCED TO JAIL
Officials of Union Also to Be
Sent to Prison for
Conspiracy.
CHICAGO, Dec. : 29.— Five officials of
the Carriage and Wagon Workers'
Union of Chicago and two alleged slug
gers, who have been on trial in the
Criminal Court for conspiracy, were
found guilty, to-night and sentenced to
terms in the penitentiary. The severest
punishment was inflicted on Charles
Gilhooley, leader of the alleged gang
of sluggers. Besides receiving a sen
tence to the. penitentiary he was also
fined $2000. -The union men who were
found guilty were: Henry Newman,
financial secretary of the Carriage and
Wagon Makers' Union No. •4; Charles
Casey, secretary of the union; Edward
Shields, recording secretary; Charles H.
Deutsch, member of the executive
board; John Heiden, member of the
executive board. Frank Novak, another
member of., the executive board, was
found not guilty. -(..
The specific case on which the men
were tried is only one. of many similar
Instances that . have occurred In Chi
cago within the last few years.
Last April whilei Chris J. Carlstrom, a
non-union \u25a0; carrlage\ worker, was return
ing home from work from a factory at
which a strike was in progress he was
attacked by two men and severely in-,
Jured.' He died* two weeks later . from
pneumonia contracted. It was said, from
exposure while lying on the frozen ground
after he. had been left unconscious by his
assailants.
Last summer,' when the department
store teamsters' strike was at its height
and an investigation . of , the picketing
methods of the various unions In the city
was being made by the State,*? attorney,
George Mellor, a former president of the
Carriage and Wagon Workers' Union,
turned State's evidence., Mellor declared
that the" union maintained what he
termed a' "wrecking crew," which, 1 , he ex
plained, meant ; a regular, organization of
men who were hired as sluggers to in
timidate* non-union ; men who might de
sire to take the places of strikers.
FORTY-FIVE YEARS
FOR KILLING CHILD
Chicago Doctor Sentenced for
Taking Life of Small
; GirL
CHICAGO, Dec. 29.— Dr. ; Oliver B. Hart,
son of ; a r wealthy resident of St. ; Louis,
who pleaded guilty two weeks ago ;to the
murder of ', Irene Klowlow,', ten;; years - of.
age, . in his residence j ln,Rogers ?ark. last
October,'; was sentenced -. to-day ""by Judge
Barnes in : the Criminal ' Court . to forty
flve years in the penitentiary. . ; . s -
.. The child-was left.alone in the house
"with Hart, who.i It :.wasi charged fat the
trial, drugged her with morphine and^then
maltreated ; her. The morphine *;*. resulted
in the child's death, : and *.when^ neighbors
broke .Into ; the" house; a': f ew j hours later
they found Hart' in a siemi-conscloiis con
dition from tbejeffects o^someVdrug, he
havjng^made an' attempt to .commit •sui
cide.'.;. /\u25a0/-;\u25a0" y. \u25a0 . .':ji : * .'; , '..\u25a0 : l "
A number of ; persons j who .testified at
the trial ; agreed ; that i Hart . not , men
tally !*; responsible - and h that's he , had the
mind of a boy about il2 years old.
DORADO, A 100 TO 1 CHANCE,
BEATS UNLUCKY NIGRETTE
Great: Surprise in
the Joe Hooker
Handicap
Long Shot Ridden
Faultlessly by
Little Rice.
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
Dorado, a 100 to 1 shot, from, the stable
of "Lucky" Baldwin, xldden by Rice, cap
tured, the Joe Hooker handicap yesterday
at : lngleslde. The distance: was six and
a . half furlongs," and. Dorado, with hi 3
light impost of ninety: pounds, failed to
attract much . attention. . His . starts "had
been few' and there was little line on his
capabilities, although Trainer Tom Cook
said the three-year-old could step 'some
in the morning and would certainly set a
piece of the money. _- •
This was not strQng enough for the pad
dock set, as they strung theirs on Dargla
and | Nigrette, "the flatter closing a mild
favorite. Dargin, Nigrette - and ; Dorado
entered the stretch in the order, named.
Dargin flattened out at'the paddock.and
In a mild drive the rank. outsider ': led the
first choice out half a length. >;'•'
* BETTORS ARE OUT. OF XINE^ |
Of course, after the race; there was the
man who handed vp \u25a0 a .f ive-spot just'as
the"They're oft" gong struck;, the piccolo
voiced habitue, with a face like a frosted
lemon pie, willing to make " oath'** hie* saw
250 to 1, and the lean individual with the
inevitable dream yarn.' Well, he • didn't
last as long as it takes a sea gull.to.swal
low a loaf of French bread.-. The despised
one's.'vlctory made many' a stall-fed" bet^
tor look like a pancake, but he won't es
cape them next time. ~ •-- \u25a0 - ;
Four, pubjlc choices failed to make con
nections.- As the "track was. muddy, and
inclined to be holding such discrep
ancfes'canlTie. overlooked. V 1 "'. .'""•*
;\ Tommy Griffin, he of halter, fame,, "gave
his colors their first airing atthe meeting^
.Tommy—and ..hiB.i friends; spread, the" coin
about lavishly, on Massa to win the conf
eluding mile selling 'fixture. Homer pilot
ed the good ttilng.^whtch won easily from
Buchanan -and -Hooligan. -. . . ::-
FRED BEST FIXALLY WINS. "
- A.frouzy bunch of ten maiden two-year
olds started (n the opening event Fred
Bent, played "down to 11 •. to . 6 favoritism,
finally broke out of the green. class, tak
ing a mud- mark | of . 1 :19 in a neck finish
with JRoyal. Colors. .« Watchful", met with
poor racing luck,- finishing third. \u25a0: ._\u25a0\u25a0
The Fleiir -d<r. LU > stable \u25a0 people f bet
everything but : the ' family 'plate on . Alice
Carey to win the six-furlong selling num*
ber, and ghe finished third: . ; The colored
apprentice, . Batttete. reached* the wire
first" on Mrs. Bob, a-S%- "-'to'-l chance,
.which beat Distributor out a heck. ; , '• ;
An "ordinary batch of _-.two-year-old»
started m;:the~ : five ;and"a~ half /furlong
scramble :, and ;on f orm llTavora v looked
about the right ' fit. Hafry^Jlack's: filly
started,. a S to"; 5 chance, rand 'affer falling
to display any vast amount of', speed, 'she
ran third. Through ?> superior. •; finishing
qualities Lloyd , Fountain on Legal "Form
downed McLaughlln, * astride Chief } Witt
man, nearly a length.' -
Possart came out of the mile selling run
with flying colors.; .Ray had the call over
him around post tlme, r .but the black horse
won galloping. Ray. Quite" as. comfortably
disposed of Jerry • Hunt for the : ; place.
Maud Muller .closed up some ground to T
ward the close and xnay do later, on. \u25a0. :
NOTES OF THE ., TRACKS- ,l,r
Rice should experience 'no \u25a0 d-ifflculty
in obtaining mounts now. When [on a
horse of any caliber the St. Loui's boy
always acquits himself creditably.
i Jim , Neil claimed Allae . Carey, for
$725. Shortly; after he sold the mare
back to the Fleur de Lis stable for
5800.
Tommy Griffin ran up against a snag
first' rattle out. J. E. Case' boosted
Massa from $400 to $1200. Tommy
smiledand said $s: more.
Possart, after winning the' fifth!
completed another circuit of the course
before Smith could pull him- up. As a
three-year-old at Roby Possart ran
away four miles one morning, caus
ing hfs . breakdown and ruining a
promising career. '
Louis Baumann, connected with the
Stockyards Club,/ bet $35 on Dorado
against $3500.
- Colonel Dan Burns, Jt was also re
ported, had a $10 wager on the Bald
win sprinter.
The disagreement between Arthur
Steil and. Phil Howell over an. Ascot
Park wager has been amicably, ad
justed to the entire satisfaction; of all
parties interested." Barney Weller, .the
bookmaker, whose name was dragged
into* "the wrangle, '.had nothing, to do
with the bet. To absolve all connect
ed: from any censure Arthur Stell
makes the following statement:"
. • SAN FRANCISCO, Deo. • 29."
- In ; reference to a bet I : and others made
"Wednesday, December 27, on a race at I Los
Angeles,; l want to state that owing to the ex
citement due to : a dispute concerning the
wager , I , Inadvertently ; mentioned , Mr. "Weller
as being a party .to the transaction Instead • of
Mr. Phil Howell. ; Mr. "Weller knew nothing of
the bet. A The dispute about . the transaction
was caused .by .a < misunderstanding ; between
the cashier for, the book with which Mr. Howell
Is connected and myself. 'The matter has been
satisfactorily, adjusted. Mr. "Walter Hale waa
interested In the bet I made.- ' - . . '\u25a0 :
mmmittfswxsfini>--'i&&'Ar, arthur stehi*
Steeplechase for New Amsterdam.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec 29.— City Park racing
results: * < '••'
.First; race, five and a, half furlongs—Knick
erbocker won, Steve- Lane second, Welsh third
Time, 1:06 3-6. .".
• • Second • race, six and . a half furlongs — Gua
Ileldorn won, Belle Strome second. Kleinwood
third. Time, 1:27 1-5.
;\u25a0 .Third race, steeplechase, \u25a0 short .' course— New
Amsterdam won. ".Golden Link . Eecond. Lori
Radnor third.' .Time. 5:31.-- .
Fourth ; race. > five ; and \u25a0 a half furlongs — Mint
Boy won. Modred second, Grenade third. 1 Time
1:I2.; : -.::* ; -. v.x- .-\u25a0 :\u25a0" .-'-""-v>; -,>-. . .? :\u25a0- ,-- ,
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles—lvan
hoe won.-Belden second, Harry Stephens third.
Time. . 1:55 8-5. ! V \u25a0'-- :'-. r ' \u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0.'.\u25a0;•\u25a0 ,:----*:
Sixth n race, u one mile and 'seventy yards—
Bisque won, : The -Don second, * Ben - Ileywood
third 1 . Time. - : . 1:56 2-5. •
.' Seventh " race, - one mile I and ; seventy yards—
Chamblee won,- Del Carina eecond, Juba third.
Time, 1:53 4-5. • ._. -
Form aster ; Beats Paul \ Clifford.
' NEW "ORLEANS, 'Dec.' 29. — Fair Grounds
racing. results: '\u25a0'•;./.'•\u25a0 . ; : • \ ''
V First race.' slx-and Ja \u25a0 half ; furlongs—^Hol
loway;won,:Chauncey:Olcott eecond,'Santa-Su
eanna* third. "Time,; 1:28. 1; -_, . .. ._
Secpnd > race, > six > furlongs— Viperlne /< won,
Gotowin - second. . Burning -. Glass third. ' Time,
1:21..:.^ :"' .- " : •,'•' \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \-\- ~ -\u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0 - *V.' \u25a0-_'\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0;. \u25a0-
". ' Third ' race, \u25a0 five and > a"< half ; furlongs-^-For
roaster,-won/ Paul* Clifford second,
third.' ; Time, "1:12 2-5.". r - -
•- Fourth race, six furlongs^-Stoner.- Hill won/
MarvaP; second, Huth. "w third. Time,
1:1» 4-5. V \u25a0. . \u25a0-. - \u25a0. \u25a0-',' '-",:". '.. :v^ •: --j
'\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0-, Fifths race, six furlongs-^Lorlcate . won, Dro- ;
mio second. Lady; Free Knight third. Time,
1:21. ." • . ' •,' -'\u25a0;..' :•\u25a0:-••\u25a0-. - , ; _
*-.^ Sixth race, one and a sixteenth mlles-^Char
lle'i Thompson * won; .Captain ;. Bob ! second.'. Sin -
«fcrlty s ßelle; third. 'Time, -.1:56 4-5. N .- -
The Call's Racing Form Chart
INGLESIDE, Friday, Dec. - 20^— Weather ilne. Tracfc heavy. .
-E. C.h6pPEB. Presiding Judge. V . ' J. J. HOLTMAN. Starter.
9017. FIRST IiACE— Six furlongs; puree; maiden 2-y-o colts and geldings; to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. |"Wt|Bt.J4. %. %. Str. Fin. | Jockeyy | Op. CU
Fred Bent (Scharetg & C 0.).. 102 6 .. 8%2% 2 H 1 n Wright \u25a0 S H-5
80SI H.yal Colors (El Prlmero St.). 105 8.. 71 53 4^,24 P. Phillips. -Vl2V 12 3
UOOO Watchful (Stevens & 50n).... 105 9 .. S4 4 I»i3 H 3'HS E. Hayed.. S 6*
89S1 Rotrou (E.E. Burnett) .,...". 107 7 .. s*i 6 0 6 1 4 h T. Clark.... • 3 9--'
Jim Pendergast (Schreiber) . . 102 3 .. 2 1&3 % 5 2&5 2% Radtke ..".'. | ' 3* ' S'
8975 Frolic (F. J. O'Rourke).. 106 4\. 13 1 I^l 1 6 3 U William* ,4' 10 .
9000 St. Volma (Applegate & C 0.).. 105 2 .. 6 h 7 6 715 1 8 Robinson .. : 20' 15 :
88S5 Santee (T. E. McLaughlin)... 107 1 .. 0158 n S l^S'6 Mcßride ... ,25 20
.... Nothing (McCarthy & F.).... 107 10 ..10 10-10...^% J. Kelly... .-30 -^lOO
8904 Singing Kid (W. Engatrom) . . |lo2 6 .. 4 1.0 20 0 6 10-. W. Smith.. 20 .50
Time— :2sU. :51, 1:19. At post 5 mlnutea. Off at 2:10. Bent.' jilace, 1; show, 1-2.- Colors. *
: • place, 2; show, ft-6. Watchful, chow, 1. Winner," eh. g. by- Salvado-Mlss Alice 111. .
Trained by J. McNamea. Scratched — Bill Perry, Mellor. Start good.' Won-«.l^drinng
hard.' Highest price — Frolic 12, St. "V'olma 30, Nothing 150, Slnging^Kld 60. Winner waa
all out from a hard drive, and bo wai Royal Colors. Watchful met with 111 luck at" the .
- start and had to tramp around the bunch. Rotrou not at his best. Frolic quit. Nothing \u25a0
did not break when barrier went up. .. ..- ;. \u25a0 ...
0018. . SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first. 9325.
Index * Horse and Owner. Wt St. U. %- %. Str. Fin. Jockey. .Op. CL
0007 Mrs. Bob* 8 (J. W. Blalock).. 94 8 .. IV,I n 1 n 1 n Battiate ... 13-5" 7-2
<9012) Distributor, 4 (P.- J. Nell) 107 4 .. 2 1%2 I#2 «i' 2 4 L. Williams 7 7
8929 Alice Carey," S (Fleur de Us) 105 2 .. 8%8H3 y» 8 n Reed, \u0084 4-5 fl-10
9012 Duelist, a (R.R. Rice Jr.)... 103 6 .. 4 I^4 1 4 1 4 1 J. Ke11y.... '15" 2.1
9007 Dr. Sherman, a (S. Hoppas) . . 107 1 .. 0 3 5n"6 2 5 % Mcßrtde ..; or 2 .13-2
9003 Macene, 3 (H. E.- Rowell) 99 8 .. .7^715^72563 W. Smithy 20 100
9007 Maxtress. 4 (Kronlck & C 0.).. 103 5 .. 5.V. 6-6 6 4 7 23- Graham ... , 12 30
8929 Plotter,- 3 (Conn & C 0.)./..... 99 T ..". 8 8 .3 8 (J. J. Walsh 50 .100
Time— :2sVi,:soU, 1:17%. At post 5 minutes. Oft at 2:39^. Mrs. Bob. place,. 9-10;. show.
2-5. Distributor, place, 2; «how, 4-5. Carey, show, out. Winner, b. f. by Russell-Marty re. •
Trained by -J. M. Stokes. - Scratched,— Brennus, Molto, -Jake Ward, Smithy Kane. ' Start
good. Won - all' driving. Highest price— Distributor 8, Carey 1, Sherman .8, • Plotter 150. ,
Mrs.**.* Bob," - In . the df-yer going through the stretch, outstayed Dlatributvr. Alice Carey j
. was. plunffed on, but' did not appear overloaded 5 with speed. -Duellmt runs .kindly for
Kelly. Dr.Eherman can do better 'than, this. Maxtress no speed. - •*--> .*•*\u25a0:'
.0019.; THIRD'; i"tACE-16}5 s'eU^ng; two-year-oldsv value to first. $325. . : ,
Index \u0084'" ./Hofee.and Owner. // Wt St. . -%.- %. Str. Fin. ! Jockey. "Op. CL i
-80Z0 Legal Form . (Judge & C 0. )... 106 7 \u0084 . 72-4% 2 n - 1 % \u25a0 (Fountain '.. - 4 11-2
.19000 Chief Wlttman.(M"cLaughl!n). 105 4 ... 4 I#l %, 1 1%2 6 O. Mel*hln -7 12 .
,8979 Tavora (H. Mack)....',.....:: 107 1 ... ; 2n 218 8 3-l%|Radtke .... - »-0 . 8-5 i
S9IO. Pelf (Jones"& Lu5k)... .;....". 107 0 ... 6h\u25a0«n 4 n 4 3%|U ."Williams 25 s"> :
(8T60) Mprenua (HsCl .& rMarshall). . 110 6 ..'...- 8 8 -8 s^S2Hlßtc« ...... 15 %15 !
9000 Bak'ersfield (Murry & Co.) 110 "3 ... 5 I^7 8 2 6 1 Mcßride ... 7-2 11-2
.8927 Quickrleh (Applegate & C 0.).. 102 2 ... 1 I^s %72 '7 6 (Robinson .. 20 4«
1 9000 C. of Diamonds (Ramsey).. „ 110 5 »:. "3 h 3n C 2 ,'S 3 iTreubel .„. 20: 30
.8265. My.Pal TW. R. Bngstrom) . . . . 107 8, ... 9 0 9 9 [W. Smith.. 20 ' s<»
Time— :23, ':52%, 1:12%. At- post 1% minutes. Off" at 3:03. Fbrm, placs. 3-2; show, 7-10.
Wittman, place, 4; show, 6-5. T^vora. show,, out. Winner, b. o. by Eddie Jones-Mort- "
r " gage.- Trained by S. Judge.-. Scratched-^-Nettlß Hicks. Start good. Won all driving, j
\u25a0 Highest prlce-^Form 6, Tavora 4-5, Pelf 00,- Morenus 20, Diamonds 40,'" Pal .73. Fountain
. c en. winner outflnished' McLaughlln. Tavora lacked speed to-day. Pelf closed strong -from ;
the rear. Cascades of \u25a0 Diamonds ran a good race through the deepest going. . Bakers
;—"-field;a cheap one. • "'"'-' \ ' ' / — ' \u25a0 \u25a0 *. , . \u25a0' .. • ./
0020. FOURTH ;RA.CB-^6% furlongs;- Joe Hooker hdep.; 3-year-olds and up: to first/ $450. \
.Index .";*\u25a0 . Hcjrae and Owner."' "~ : fWtfSt.""s4. •%•'%. Str. Fin. Jockey. - Op. CL
4 ' •' ' x ' I ' ' *' " ' "' ..«—______
"5914 Dorado. 8 (E.:J. Baldwin).... 90 6 6!ri' "4 "«S-4 2 8% I "HT ftlce- W-...L SO- 100
:^996 Nigrette, 5 (W.B.S Jennings). 97 3. 4 I%S 2. 85i 2 n 2 1 Graham ... r 2 9-5
899S Dargin, 4 (B. Schrelher) .:.... 100 1-1 % 1811 1M 3 3V. Radtke .... .2 . 2 .
BO9S Delagoa, 6 (Jones \u25a0&, Las^c) .... 99 2 R '£ 2 n 2 n 4 1 in IRobinson .. ' .ft 7
9010- St -George Jr.. 4 (McLaughlln) 107 4- 2 h B% 5 2*^s 6 5 8 Mcßride ... .' "4. 7-2
9010 CMTigan., 6 (H.E.- Rowell).. 106 5 6 6 6 6 \u25a0- "6^ 'U. Williams .6 15 i
Tlme-^:2^i;-<9i,i. 1:16J4; ; 1:23%: At poet 3 minutes. Off . «t : 8:30. Dorado, place, 20;
• ', ""shqw." 6. ; --". Nigrette, place, 3-5; show, 1-4. Dargin. -show,- 1-2.,' Winner, eh. g. ;by. Am-
Igct-F^nne. Trained by T. H. Oooke. Start good. AVon hand • ridden. '. Balance driving. -. '
. - , Highest- price — Nigrette 12-5, Dargin 3-2. Delagoa 8. St. George Jr. i 0-2. .Dorado, had
worked fast, but was. supposed to lack class.-- Nigrette pulled .up quite lame. Dargin '
- "--Inclined to sulk most of the way. Delagoa displayed ppeed. but pegged out. St. George '
: ;"'"- Jr. -had 'speed In minus quantities. Corrlgan "could not, run In the' going.
9O2I.'; FIFTH ; RACE>-^-One mile; celling; three-year-olds and upward: value to- first, $325.'
Index .- *".-. Horse and. Owner.. {WtjSt. %.-\u25a0%. %>% > Btr. Fin. Jockey. [ Op. • CL ;
\u25a09003. Possart. a (Davles & C 0.).... 107 4 2 1%2 14^2 3 1114 W. Smith.. SUS 11-o
-9003 Ray. -a (W. Durker) 109 8 4 1 3%4 % 3 1%2 4 Fountain .. 6-2 17-10
-9007 Jerry Hunt, a (Schreiber).... 109 2 1 4 1 2%l'h ? 2%3 8 Radtke .... 3 5-2
8937- Maud Muller,-5 (M. Miller) i. 109 17 3%7 5 5 4-52 42% Mcßride ... 15 30 '
"8987, Lady Atnellng,~4-(McLaughln) 104 5 3h. 4 I^3 n' 4 *i 5 5 G. McLghn 20 30
'0015- Calculate, :&Y"NewpoTt,; Stable). llos 6 B% 5 I^6 8 6 6 6 % EarnshawS; "60 15
!, OOOIJ Gil Bias, I ; 6>(H.'.'"t*r;Sftsjm6n)i. 109 7.6h .6 4 7 5 1107 15 P.'Pbilllpe'.. ;30-^; 30-^ 60 '.
\u25a0 89CQ. tTom." Hawk, v 4 (Martin "'» C0.).-.|lOQ ,8 ,8 8. „$;8 . 8 ' T. Stewart.. 30 100
TimeA-^K. :52"V4^U:20,51:46^ 'Possart, place, 0-10;
". — sho I sf,--l-3. Ray, place, ;l-2; show, l-o." Hunt, show, 2-B. . Winner, blk. h. by Pon'tco
.';• Mary W. Trained by T. -A.: Davies. Scratched — Polonlus. H. P. Kane, Baker. Spondoo
"". ".;\u25a0; lix. /Start good. .Won in a gallon. .Second easily. .Third , stopping. Highest price —
• -Calculate, 60. Going just 'suited Popaart.-Ray ran a good race. Too far for Jerry Hunt.
" : - Maud^Muller improving. 'Others of llttla account. . . ;
OOSa.-IBDCTH RACE—^One mile; .selling; three-year-olds; value to" first, $325.
Index ".*"" Horse and Owner. '! Wt Sti "J4. %. .94.' Btr. Fin. Jockey. Op. CL
\u25a0 Massa (H, T. Griffin) ...7.. 98 4 1 n 1 % I'% 1 HJI 2 Homer 6-0 te
.9009 Buchanan (B. Schreiber) .... 102 5 2 6 2 5 2 7 2 3%2 4 Schade 4 »-2
8097" Hooligan (D.S. Fountain) -.. 103 7 68 612510 3 4 38 Fountain.. P-2 0-2
(8959) Eckersall (C P. Fink) ...... 112 2 3 5 3 8 384 2 \u25a0 4 12" Radtke .... 5-2 21-5
&008 Gloomy ,Gu» (Zimmer & C 0.).. 11l 15 6 4 1*44 %. 5 4 6 4 Wright :... o" 10
8296 JeniEha.(W. R. Engstrom) .. 99 3 4 11*5 2^6 15 610 6 6 W. Smith.. 20 60 •
8929 J.^B. Smith .(M. D. Miller) ..107 6 7 7 7 7 1 Mcßride... 25 CO
Time— :2sVi, :51,: 1:17%,. 1:45. "At post % minute. Off at 4:221 a. Massa, place. 7-10: show.
\u25a0 2-5. Buchanan,- place, .3-2: show. 7-10. Hooligan, show. 3-5. Winner, eh. g. by Atvsetto
• '\u25a0"- Satisfaction/ .Trained by W. -R. •- "rlf fin. Start good. Won In a gallop. Balance driving,
-i' Highest' price — Massa, 8-5; Buchanan, 5; Hooligan, 5. Winner bid up from $400 to sl2oo
. by J. E Case. Retained. It was easy sailing for Massa after he had shaken off Bu
chanan. 'Hooligan ran his race probably. ETckersall outfooted. Gloomy Gus will see bet
~--v'ter day*. To the. auction shop with Jerusha: and Smith.
SCOTTISH BOWLERS KEEP
UP THEIR INTEREST IN GAME
After the -Holidays Foster , Progress Is
Expected In the Handicap Dou
bles Tournament.
, Few matches . have^ been played by
the Scottish bowlers In their handicap
doubles ' tournament during the . -past
two or three weeks. , There is no lack
of " Interest in ' the event : and ; when the
holidays are over a number of matches
will be played: each Saturday after
noon when the weather permits.
J. McLachlan and G. C Patterson
still lead by a wide margin. ! They
have won ten g^ames and lost only one.
B. Park and W. R. Eaton have also
won ten games, but they have five
times suffered .-defeat. B °t n teams
have a handicap of . three, A. Craig
and J.Stott, with a handicap of six,
are ;in second place. They have won
seven. and lost two games.
Joseph Gray: and M. L Crowe lead
the scratch teams. They have won six
and lost five games. James Gray and
,W. J. Flsherhave won and lost* flve./ -:
.'. In the veterans' tournament . for the
Lawson Cup J.;M.: Duncan, A. Foreman
and G. C. Patterson survived the first
round." They will meet in a round
robin. The two succeßflful players .will
meet in the finals, which : will be best
two out of three: games.
Following;: is the standing of the
teams^inthe doubles event:
Games.
Players — - "Won. Lost.
J. A. Addif»n-J. , Cochran (8) 3 .'3
G. Center- A. B. Magulre (9).... ...... ,2 .4
A. Cralsr-J. Stott (6)................. 7 -2
J vr>are-H. - Tlckner (7).....; ..2 6
J.Deasey-D. O'Brien (10)...... 4 .4
, J Duncan- A. Foreman (5)... ....... ', 1 • :-4 •
P.L. L<unn-T. Lattimer (7). ....0 8
J • Elder- Dr. Gunn - (5) ............. . . 8 . 6 .
W. J. " Fisher- James Gray (scratch) .. 6 6
Joseph Gray-M. L. Crowe (scratch).." 6 5
j "W " Harnilton-J. - Moffatt (scratch) . * 4
S.arvlng-A. McDonald (13).. 5 4 .
J. McLaren- J.. Webster (4);..."....; v? Oi
T - McNaufht-Ar; MoVlcar (scratch) . r 2 :5: 5 \u25a0
T. Mlllar-W.: Stewart (8).'.*........... 0 1 :
J McLachlan-G.' C. Patterson (3) ....10 1
R Park-W. K. Eaton (3)..... ..10 5
J. : Reid- Judge Shaw (5) .0
Boy Hurt Coasting:.
"Albert* Born, a twelve-year-old boy,
who was -coasting, down the ; Guerrero
street \u25a0fhill;-. 'near ; Twenty-first
yesterday, crashed into a milk wagron
driven • by * George A. Gibbon and vwa'sj
seriously injured. His body wasdash
ed against the wheels of i the milk wa
gon "i and lhe '.was } knocked , unconscious.
He was .taken! to '; the i City" and County
Hospital, ; where it { was , found that his
thighs had - been 1 f ractnred * and .". that he
was * suffering > t rom % internal : injuries.
The boje's parents live at 1427, Valencia
street. ,; Gibbon T was arrested .. and
charged with ' battery. He : declared \u25a0 that
he : did not see : the' , boy \u25a0 until it ; was too
late to' stop his ; team. •
Woman Flri-bos Declared Insane.
Mrs. Naomi Morgan, the woman "who
'tried 'to "sot 'fire. to a lodging-house i on
Geary -street several 1 days ago, was yes-
Uerday^adjudjretl* insane Jand committed
to jthe" V Stockton^r Asylum. f by. Judge
Graham. • -
DIVINE MAKES PLEA
FOR RUSSIAN JEW
Eev. Dr. Nieto s Delivers an
Eloquent Appeal to
Brethren.
"The People of Russia and Their Strug
gle for Liberty" was the theme of a lec
ture by the Rev. Dr. Jacob Nleto at Tem
ple. Israel last evening. There was a.con
gregation . numbering fully 600, and the
words of the divine were listened to with
rapt attention. Dr. Nieto said in part:
My plea is for the Russian people— the people
as a ' whole and not for any sectional portion
of It. That 15.000 * Jews have been killed
during: this struggle I deprecate, but I am
Just as sincerely grieved that 250.000 Christians
have laid down their lives In the same 'great
cause. - , .
The Jew of Russia, is a Russian. -and for
centuries has been striving to have himself
recognized. To-day the people of Russia have
recognized him. therefore let - th« Jew in
America do nothing ' that will \u25a0 estrange htm
from his ' Russian brother, with whom he now
stands shoulder to shoulder fighting; for free
dom. ->\u25a0£££&£
Muat Serve Out lII* Term.
TOPEKA, Kans., Dec. 29.— Governor
Hoch announced to-night that he had
decided ." not . to pardon ' Arthur E. Ire
l&nd. third vice president of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor, who was sen
tenced, to the Cowley County Jail far six
months for assaulting a non-untan ma
chinist • .
Nearly every man has a small streak of
genius and a large streak of yellow . In
him. jggffg
MEN ! S DISEftSES CUBED FOR pO
:. #^^^. VARICOCBLS,
JmF^jm Loss of Vital Power, |
| |^^ Blood Poison
}&M$S. \£f AND ALL GHROMC AXD fl/f CT RJ \
T^>V -W SPECIAL DISEASES ,OF 'IviimJ 1 ¥
jjmff&k. /ik^ Feeling that there may be some afflicted
>3^P|jia^k^ M^^ 1 * men w^° k ave heretofore thought themselves
'\u25a0^™P^*Kt''^B^ unable to take our treatment, we have decided
- **2>-~ "^W*^^** to make this special offer and place OUR
Our Best Reference Is SERVICES WITHIN REACH OF ALL. Our
\u25a0 Not,' a - Dollar Xeed : Be terms -to those who begin . treatment " with, us
D^Sffi^co^uring the month of DECEMBER will be
7^ M^ket^L f. F?* TWELVE DOLLARS AND FIFTY CENTS
Consultation Free. for'acure of any disease mentioned in thi3 an-
nouncement. THOSE BEGINNING TREATMENT WHO DESIRE
'^IAY PAY THIS AMOUNT ONLY AFTER THEY ARE CURED.
fin lIHI OIH A%\ 0 Oft Hours— S'to 5, 7to 8 Dally; Sundays. »to 12.
UKi HULoiP Fl <» UUi 729 Market St. [rop floor] S. F.
: -^ IFYOU CAXXOT CALX. WRITE RE GARDI-VO TRE^VTMEJfT.
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
HORSES PICKED
ON MUD FORM.
FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
First race — flrjt twut trr. At
onrlla, Syphon Girl.
Second race — Blumcnt linl,
Tarn l»haater, Olympian.
Third race — Procrastinate,
Laura F M, Lady Kent.
Fourth race — Charlatan,
A'ealon, Tenordale.
Fifth race — Cloche dOr,
Warte Alcht, \'ellou»tone.
Sixth race — Chrl-ttlne A, Bob
Raeoa, Instructor.
GET AWAY DAY
AT INGLESIDE
The Flood . Handicap for two-year
olds at a mile will be the feature
event for closing day at Ingleaide.
Charlatan. Xealon • and other clover
youngsters will face the barrier. The
entries:
First race — Futurity course; by subscription]
selling; two-year-olds. ;
8970 Grasscutter (Ryan)!.......'.". 10S
NWS Succeed (BtalocU) .~ ~7ZZ*T?.~. . . . 1»>"*
5909 AvoneUa (Millin) " t KM
Spring Ban (Rogerr* HH
9006 Pentagon ( Fitzgerald) lutt
8671 Syphon Girl (Rowetl) lo«
Second racs— Six furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and up.
9013 My Order ißowell) 123
IX.W Blumenthal (Ezell> \ X:KJ
8993 Olympian <Schorr> 132
-8911 Chief Bush (Broiller) 125
8833 Lone Fisherman (Barclay) TH*
'8991 Toung Pilgrim <S«g»> 129
8832 Mac Flecknoe \u2666Shucrough) 12tt
'8754 Foxy Grandpa »Ooffey> 12!>
-8973 Tain O'Sfianter .(Jones) 128
- -
Third race— Six furlongs: selling; three-year
olds and up. .
9014 Bsherin (Coggtns) 113
(90O7)ProcraMlnate (Turner & Co.) 113
9015 Dr. Sherman (Hoppas) 107
9003 Silurian (Lamasney Broa.) 107
8993 Lecturer (Coalter) : IH>
-9013 Melar (Gutter)... ItKX
9001 Nabonaasar (Gray & «Jb.) UXt
8974 Laura. F M (Kane & Vo.> liT
8372 Lady Kent (Klmberly) 107
' 'Fourth race— Otk» mile; The Flctod handicap;
$1000; two-year-olds: .
(*ftaO)Slr\ Edward, (Van Gorden) 105
BDW I'm Joe (Yanke) 99
SOOO Charlatan (Gum & Co.) 113
8990 Nealon (Schreiber) 10a
9006 Tenordale (Clifford) ICO
l«Jlt> Governor Davis (Rice) 95
Fifth, race — On» mile: selling; four-year- olds
and up:
9015 Dusty Miller . (Thomas) IC9
»00» "Warte Nicht (Wilkerson). ...: IV9
(J*>OS»eu>che dOr (Coffey) 11l
8979 Leash. (Levy), I^s
fiOl3 Yellowstone (Fine) 10S
»002 Jack Little (White A Co.) 105
9GC2 Allopath (Lamasney 8r05.)..; 103
" Sixth race — Seven furlongs; selling; threo
year-olds and up:
(90O*)Bob Ragon (Summers & Co.") 109
90C8 "Christine "A (Daries) 99
(SoB2)Escamado (Baldwin) .1 100
SS3S Melodious (Abrams) 100
837S Halnault (R«avey) ....:...... . .104
Critical (Griffin) 9T
8937 Instructor (Fountain) 101
"Apprentice allowance.
CLEVELAND HEADS
APPEAL FOR PATRICK
His Name Leads Signatures
on Petition Asking for
Clemency.
ALBANY, N. V., Dec. 23.— Goven.or
Higgins announced to-night that he hatl
received a letter from Dr. McL*ine Hamil
ton of New York City. In which the well
known alienist asked for executive clem
ency for Albert T. Patrick, the New Yorlc
lawyer now in Sing Sing awaiting execu
tion for the murder of William. Marsh
Rice. • . .
"Tho grounds, on which Dr. Hamilton
has asked me to Interfere." said Governor
Higgins. "are first, that he believes there
is no proper evidence that Mr. Rice's
death came from unnatural causes, ami
secondly, that no confidence should be
placed in the testimony of Jones, the
valet, on account of his conflicting,
stories." '--. \u25a0'\u25a0~n&
Governor Higgins said he had received"
letters from other people throughout the-
State who were Interesting themselves in
Patrick's behalf. Ons of these letters
was • from former Judge John F. Dillon
of New York, who took the- same grounds .
as. -Dr. Hamilton. No executive action,
has as yet been taken regarding the let
ters.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— 1t was announced
here to-night that former President
Grover Cleveland heads tneiitetof slgna-i
tures to the petition which Is to be for-*'
warded to GoveVnor Higgins next weelc^
asking for clemency In the case of Alberts
T. Patrick, who is now under sentence at .
death for the murder of \u25a0William Marsh"
Rice.
WARDEV TOMPKWS XOT TO
KNOW FATE FOR FEW DATS-
Prlwon Director* Postpone Meeting at.
Which Report of Investigation i
Was to Be Made.
SAN RAFAEU Dec. 2D— lnvestigation .
of "Warden Tompkina' administration oC
San Quentln prison will not be resumed
to-morrow. To-night Prison Director-
Wllkms received word from Director Fel
ton that there would be no meeting of'
the directors to-morrow, that it had been \
postponed Indefinitely. To-morrow it waa
expected that the result of the prison dX-<;
rectors' investigation would be m&dat'
known.
1112
PROPER USE OF WANT ADS WILL SHORTEN*
,, c jdUX D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
U ' * , •* * Address Communications to
.ldjiS McXAUGHT Manager
°W. «J.* MARTIX Business 3lanagcr
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
* nect Yon With the Department You an »sa.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
: Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies j c . ts u-., h
Term* by Mall Including Postage (Cash vntn
Order) : __
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 y«— '•••J-JJ'
DAILY CALL Onelud. Sunday). 6 mos t^w
DAILY CALL— By Single Month n '%:
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Y<ar -^
WEEKLY CALL 1 Year .....^.•.-^••^
FOREIGN {f^,:;; 7is P*r Year Kxtra
POSTAGE. \\v"okly.. 100 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
6*mple Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested. .
' Mail subscribers in ordering caa?sf. %^
ire«a ihould be particular to give bota AE>\
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
rrompt and correct compliance with their re-
«jue«t.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
JOie Broadway Telephone Main 1063
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
X4SS Pai* Street. Near Santa Clara Avenu».
Phone Alameda 559.
BERKELEY OFFICE.
_«j enter Street Telephone Norm 77
" « WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
K,*E« CRANE 1406 G Street. N. W.
• JCE-ST YORK NEWS STANDS:
W_derf-A«torla Hotel: A. Brentano 31
t-nion Square; Murray Hill Hotel: Fifth-avenue
'Hotel, and Hoffman Houae.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: : •-^
Ekennan House; P. O. News Co.; Great
. Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
p Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATTVE:
C GEORGE KROGXESS. Marquette Building
(Ler.jr Distance Telephone. "Central -019. >
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPITEN B. SMITH 3D Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C..C- -CARLTON Herald Square
CI'SINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco Call.
*orser aiarkct and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every night in the year:
• \u0084 . BRANCH OFFICES:
JOOS Market etreet. oposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
SO6 Montgomery aye.: open until 9 p. m.
ET<© Hnyes rtreet; open until 9:-0 p. m.
€29 McAllister street; open until 9:30>. m.
61* Larkin street; open until 0:30 p. m.
3941 Mißtlon street; open until 10 p. m.
306 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
JoB<». Valencia .street; open until » p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
S3f« Flllmor* etreet; open until 9 p. m.
431*. J etreet. near Ocean Boulevard; open
\u25a0until 9 p. m.
MEETIA'G NOTICES.
J»AST Masters' Association of Cslifor- »
cia. F. and A. M.— Regular monthly #\
meeting THIS 'SATURDAY) EVEN- JJ2L
ING at 6 o'clock. < *= £= ?
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
lIARS Lodge No. 2C2. K. of P.. meets >« '
to-night In Pythian Hall. 220 Golden Ha^K^
Gate aye. Election of officers. All /3fc54
members are rcquerted to attend. j£i2\,
FREDERICK NACHBAR. C C.
ROY BRYAN". K. of R. and S. «
ALL members of the Ancient Order of w \u25a0
Foresti-rs residing In Pan Francisco
and sojourning members are hereby cjT
requested to atttnd the funeral of s&L.
our late brother. ROBERT F. K»
HLEIGHTAN, a member of Court Pride of
Stanislaus No. £240, La Grange, Cal. The
funeral cereßiony will be held In A. O. F.
building. 102 OFarrell st. For funeral notice
ccc Sunday papers.
J. FALCONER.
Permanent Secretary. A. O. F.
A NICHT in Auld Scotland— The S. .
F. Scotch Thfetle Club will hold _\u25ba£"*
their 24th annual hogmanay supper X*X®t
MIS ball SATURDAY EVENING. "*_!•%
Dec. 30, at Lyric Hall. 119 Eddy Bt. A gala
time to all. Grand march. 8:30 p. m. ; sup-
per. 10:45 p. m. ; admission $1 50 each. Hat
an<? cloak room for guests.
• GEO. W. PATERSON, Royal Chief.
« A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
SPRING VALLEY WATER COMPANY—
ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS.
1 SA*C FRANCISCO. Dec. 2>. 1905.— The an-
nual meeting cf the stockholders of the
Spring Valley Water Company will be held
at the office of the company, 126 Stockton
..Et..* Sen Francisco. Cal., at 12 o'clock noon,
•on WEDNESDAY, the tenth day of Jan-
"vary. 1906. for the election of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and for the trans-
Action of Bach other business as may come
before the meeting. PELHAM W. AMES.
Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting. — Notice is hereby given
that the seventeenth annual meeting of the
stockholders of th« San Francisco and Oak-
land Mutual Loan Association will be held
at the office of the corporation, 460 Mont-
romery street. San Francisco, WEDNES-
DAY. January 3. 1906, at 2 o'clock p. m.,
for the purpose of electing directors for the
ensuing year, presentation of the seventeenth
annual resort, and the transaction -of such
ether business as may come before the meet-
lnir. Bocks are now open for subscription to
1000 shares of stock of the eighteenth series.
By order of the board of directors.
A. SBARBORO. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
Wells. Fargo Nevada National Bank of Baa
Francisco, Cal. will be held at Its banking-
bouse. 801 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
Cal.. on TUESDAY. January 9. 1906. at 3:18
p. m.. for the election of directors to serve
£crlng the ensuing year, and for the trans-
action of such ether business a« may come
befcre the meeting.
F. L. LIPMAN. Secretary.
f^ \u25a0— g—^ __^__i
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
ADVICE free; private, confidential; business
legally and promptly • transacted: attach-
ment*, collections, probate, mechanics' liens,
tenants ejected, bankruptcy, deeds. mort-
gagee, homesteads, partnership papers, con-
tracts, wills, etc. drawn. Attorney. C 32 Mar- ;
Vet, room 23; open evenings. 7:30 to 8:80.
bIVORCE; cost«, $12; quick, quiet; advice free!
no fee in advance; no charge unless success-
ful: open evngs; wills, deeds, leases, bills of
tale and articles of copartnership; corpora-
tions organized; bankruptcy; collections; pro-
batlng cf estates. 927 Market, r. 301.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg
6th floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years: all courts, general courts and office
practice: no fee in advanc? or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 36C1 .
ADVICE free; legal divorce costs $12; all law
carec bandied; no fee In advance; open Sat-
urday evenings; other evenings by appolnt-
ment: call and cave money. 819' Mkt.. r. 33.
CREDITORS of R. Brent Mitchell, who wish
to learn of something to their advantage
are requested to address box 2843. Call office,
without delay.
COLUMBIAN Law and Col. Ag.. r. 83. 818
Market, opp. Emporium; teL Montgy. 1310;
legal matters and collections; old established.
M. L. RYAN. Atty-at-Law. 1148 Market, opp.
Hales'; court!;: advicf; collections: open evgs.
L. 6. CLARK. »27 Market, room 302, cor.sulta-
tlon free; no fee In advance. Open evenings.
DETECTIVES. ' _
ALL kinds of cases handled: business strictly
< confidential; charges reasonable.
604 Montgomery et.. room 204.
ACCOVJSTAXTS.
ACCOUNTANT'S services. $10 and upward per
month; Includes keeping your books; examin-
ations and financial statements made; private
lr.struc. bookkeeping, ftc. 60& Market, rm. C 3.
AUTOMOBILES.
$JlOO RAMBLER, surrey type; one 1905. nearly
new: demonstration given. ALLEN & AL-
LEN. 1151 Mission Et.
1900 MODEL Compounds arrived; prize-win-
ner In 700-mile economy test; demonstrations
cuy. night. S. F. Auto Co.. Inc.. 416 Ninth.
ADVKKTISIXG.
JEAN CAESINA, ad writing, catalogues, cir-
culars, programmes, cards. Room 2S, Au-
zeralm building- •
BOOKKEEPIXG^
LET us keep your books; nothing too large,
nothing too *mall; we. make a epcclalty of
keeping small sets of books,
THE FAXON-JAMES AUDIT CO.,
T*L Couth 03). 511-12-13 Calfcehan fcuildlcg.
BUSINESS CIUXCES,
A— slsoo; RESTAURANT and chophouse. near
. Kearny and Montgomery; rent $«•>; montniy
sales $1000;- cause of sale, owner to retire.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
I A— 5500; HALF interest In coffee and tea store;
choicest location In the Mission; rent $22 50,
owner engaged in other enterprise only causa
of disposing. Call R. G. WILKE. 2<s'/a
Kearny st. '
A— sK>o; RESTAURANT; established many
years; clears $150 per month; rent $25; lo-
cation the very best: owner wishes to go to
Europe cause of sale. R. G. WILKE. 26ft
Kearny st. * \u25a0 - j
A— s4so; WOOD and coal yard, south of Mar-
ket; rent $20; lease; 2 horses. 2 wagons;
death in family only cause of sale. R. G.
WILKE. 2t>^ Kearny st.
A— sy«>; SALOON on water Tront. opp. ferry
building; net rent $00. Call R. G. WILKE,
26 14 Kearny st. • \u25a0
A— sl4oo; OYSTER and chop house close to
Market and Fourth sts.; rent $50; dally re-
cepts N s4o; well -established; good business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2(i^ Kearny gt.
A— s2<)o- CORNER cigar stand; close to Palace
Hotel; rent only $20; bargain. R. G. WILKE,
2tiVa Kearny st. ' '
A—$10,000;A — $10,000; CORNER saloon on Market St., i
close to First; lease; one of the best places
in this city. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
26^4 Kearny rt. \u25a0
A—s2soo;A — $2500; CORNER grocery and bar; near
German Hospital; place established years; a
good business; owner a widow; wants to go
to Germany. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
PACIFIC REALTY COMPANY,
419-420 Grant building." Phone South 1070.
Seventh and Market sts.
GET FREE LISTS.
LARGEST. BEST. MOST RELIABLE.
Rare saloon bargains on Fourth, Third, Mc-
Allister and other good streets.
Market-st. cigar stand snap; others on
Fourth and Sixth, etc; should see them.
From $300 to $1600— Confections and notions.
All parts city — Restaurants and Dellcates-
YOUR CAPITAL FITTED FROM OUR LISTS.
PACIFIC REALTY COMPANY,
419-420 Grant building. Phone South 1010.
$8500— ONE of the best hardware stores in the
Western Addition; plumbing and electrical
workshop in connection, including horses,
harness, etc.; old established and a money
maker; cheap rent.
CALIFORNIA BUYERS* UNION,
1251-53-55 James Flood bldg.,
San. Francisco.
TRIAL given before buying a light profitable
buclne-ss; small capital required; a man will-
ing to tako hold and make himself useful is
needed; must be satisfied with $25 to $35 a
week. Call to-day. 759 Market gt.. room 11.
$500 WILL buy first-class renovatory and tai-
loring business. Including wagon; 5 years' \u25a0
lease; rent $30; upward of 200 customers.
Address box 2540. Call office.
FOR sale — House, lot. blacksmith chop, tools,
etc.; good location; Sixty-fourth and San
Pablo aye. P. H. HOLLAR, owner.
CORNER grocery with bar license for sale
cheap within the next ten days. - Apply
BRITNSING. TOLLE & POSTEL. 512 Front.
CIGAR, tobacco, stationery and notion store;
good location; rent ?10; price $300. Inquire
4j>j Sacramento st. I
A GOOD Call route in Western Addition for 1
sale. A!»I>ly at this office.
JCEAT chophouse close to big car barn, for
sale; rent $20. Inquire 122S Flllmore 6t.
BAHGAIN in restaurant — This Is a sacrifice;
north of Market: doing a good business;
fullest investigation permitted; stock and
fixtures will Invoice over $600; proprietor Is
sick and In hospital, bo will sell everything,
including license, for $300; genuine honest
bargain. Full particulars at room 318,
Jarr.es Flood building-
WANTED — A partner with small amount of
capital in a legitimate business proposition
with no chances to take but net large profits
en .investment; this is not a get rich quick
scheme, but a clean, respectable business;
will etand investigation. Particulars of box
3489. Call office. ;
FOR SAXJ3 — A nicely located hotel on one of
the best business streets in San Francisco;
well patronized: paying good profits; brick
building- fireproof; price $5000; small mort-
gage; if you are a hotel-keeper you can
make this place pay big. Address box 2761.
Cali office. \u25a0
FOR SALE— In Central California, a general
merchandise store with 10 acres In orchard,
five-room house, horses, cows, wagons. farm-
Ing and gardening utensllE, windmill and
tankhouse; Is nearly new and well built;
price $e5OO. Box 3407. Call office.
FOR SALE — In good Country town In Marin
County, general merchandise store. Including
tinware, willowware. crockeryware and glass-
ware; will sell at invoice; rent $27 50 per
month. Further particulars of box 2650.
Call office.
$000 WANTED — Partner in wholesale and re-
tail poultry business; poultry ranch. 4 horses
and wagon; partner to take In cash and at-
tend store- Box 4524. Call. <
$4000 — SALOON and 18 rooms, furnished, for
sale on account of poor health; a money
maker; must be Sold at once; make offer. .
Particulars at 759 Market St.. room 11.
FRUIT Ftore at great sacrifice; doing good
business- 3 living rooms in conectlon; good
location;' splendid opportunity for man and
wife. Call at 151 Ninth st.
STOCK companies incorporated: if you have
stocks or bonds for sale offer them through'
me to investors. GEORGE M. KELLOGG,
broker. 345 EUicott square. Buffalo.
HAVE had experience in real estate business
and desire a partner to open place of busi-
ness- one with experience; a good rustler;
If Interested address box 2763. Call office.
WANTED — To purchase a stock of general
merchandise in Fresno or Ventura county;
no limit to size of stock; give full particu-
lar?. Brx 3403. Call office. -
WILL 6ell big paying retail business; will not
sacrifice; if you are willing to pay what it is
worth write; poor health. Box 393, Chico.Cal.
WANTED — To Invest In good, legitimate busi-
ness proposition from $1000 to $2000. Ad-
dress box 2780. Call office.
TO lnvestora — A good place to open grocery
business with bar desired. Full particulars.
box 2980. Call office.
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
GROCERY and bar license for sale. 443 Geary
st. : after 8 a. m.
BARGAIN — Candy store- good bue.: doctor's
order to leave city; long lease. 2821 Mission.
SALOON and. lunch stand for sale; reasonable.
168 Fourth at. :
$200 — CORNER cigar itore. with laundry of-
fice; rent $10. 401 Third st.
FOR SALB — Lunch counter business. C 27 San-
some st. Cheap. .
SALOON on corner; snap. Box 3933, Call.
RESTAURANT for sale at once. 135 East at.
$125— A SNAP; good paying delicatessen store
' for sale; 2 living rms.: rent $15. 1342 Larkin.
FOR SALE — The whole or half interest In a
Job printing establishment. Box 2678, Call.
WANTED — To buy a saloon; state location.
Box 2G61. Call office. . '
CANDY and ice cream parlors for sale; cen-
tral location. Box 2978, Call office. ,
$50 CAPITAL wins $12 dally; positive proof.
BLAIR. 935 Market St.. room 1.
GOOD Call rout* for sale. "Apply at Call
of Set. '
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— BALDWIN REALTY CO.. -
TeL John 4496. UOO Market, rms. 6 and CA.
For sale or exchange— Rooming-house*.
Apartment-houses, city and Country Prop-
erty. A Little Cash. We loan the Balance.
MARION- GRIFFIN.
970 Market st.. room Sol. eighth floor.
ROOMING-HOUSES and REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE AND EXCHANGE. FREE LIST.
FISHER & CO.. Phone Main 3354
Room 43S James Flood building.
Furnished roximlng-houses. hotela and " flats.
BARGAIN — Furnished rooming-house: 812
rms.; full good tenants; rent $30. 966 Mission.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
YOUNG couple would like to board little girl
about 12 years of age;: best of care; $15 per
month. 71 Cumberland st.";, call afternoon.
WILL give little girl -, of from 2 to 6 years
mother's care; near school. 4281 Twenty-
fourth st. ' . .
: CONTRACTORS. .
PAINTING, papering, tinting done very rea-
sonably now by day or job; phone West 2397
- 1429 Laguna st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1905.
\u25a0.''./.DENTISTS. ';'
D9tE^LE^^XTNIIESS~CE"N^AL : c6MPAI?fV
Perfect, painless dentistry at lowest prices.
Fudd set of teeth, $2; silver fillings, ,25c; gold
fillings, $1; gold crowns. $3; bridge work, $3.
llfrt Market et.. corner Turk. .
ANEW plate — The Whalebone-^Cannat break;
.warranted 20 yrs.: crowns, $3 50; fillings. "soc;
platee, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dentai Parlors,2 4 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, near 11th—
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set ;i extracting BOc: gaa given. .
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction,
5Cc New York Dentists. 9G9 Mission. cor.Cth.
GOLD fillings -75c; silver, -35c; crowns. $2, no
pain; op. Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.lol% Grant ay.
DJ^ESJ^^KE^SJ^pj»^^MSTRJKS^EjS
ACCORDION, knife and sunburst pleating; em-
broidery hemstitching, tucking; buttons- and
button holes made at Stewart's Lining and
Trimming Store, • 14-16 Taylor S st. ; phone
East 4535. \u25a0 '•
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
—Eve, class; patterns cut. 1100 Market St.
AA— * iPROF. NIBLO.
ASTRAL DEAD-TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READING $1.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to call you by name In
full, names of your friends, enemies or rivals.
I promise to tell you whether your husband,
wife or sweetheart is true or false; tell you
how to gain the love of the one you most de-
eire, even though miles away; how to succeed
in business, speculation, lawsuits; how to
marry the one of your choice; how to regain,
youth, health and vitality; removes evil influ-
ences, cures drink habit, locates treasures,
cures nervous diseases.
How can I have good luck?
How can I succeed in business?
How can I make my home hapcy?
How can I marry the one I choose?
How soon can I marry?
How can I make any one love me? .
How coon will my lover propose?
How can I get a good position?
How can I remove bad influences?
How can I control any one?
How can I hold my husband's love?
How can I keep my wife's love?
HOURS 10 TO 8 DAILY AND SUNDAY.
411 A ELLIS ST.. NEAR JONES. <
Permanently located in his own home.
PROF. NIBLO.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis st.
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, can be consulted on
all affairs of life; Miss Wille guarantees an
honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; reveals
the past ; gives correct , forecast of your fu-
ture; advises you on Important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gives the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading, $1; hours
10-S p. m. ; French, German, ; English spoken.
ISMAR ' : -
THE EGYPTIAN CLAIRVOYANT AND
PALMIST. -
Permanently located at 1104 Market Bt.,
rooms 9 and 10, cor. Turk ,(V«ndome) ; pri-
vate readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ;
3 questions answered. $1 ; full life," $5.
LINCOLN.
Clairvoyant and psychic; the oldest and best
known . clairvoyant in San Francisco. Re-
opened at The Health, 312 Eddy st. Hours 10
to 5. Readings by mall. $2. - .
MIS"s ZEMDA-R, young, gifted clair. and palm.,
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess; L.,
50c; G., $1. 1035' Flllmore. nr. McAllister,
MME. KRONENBERG. clairvoyant, card read.-
er. palmist; 'wli-en others fail, try me; good
reading 25c; no sign. 102^ 6th. nr. Mission.
MISS WARD, . clairvoyant and card reader,
names dates, facts; 25c. 235 Larkin; no sign.
Miss Melbourne, clairvoyant, -palmist, mystic
card .reader; guarantees eatisfac. 122$ Markt.
SEND date of birth and 2 stamps for a' pen
picture of your life. H. HILL. 120 Sutter st.
MRS. SHAFFER, permanently located at 558
Stevenson at.; hours 0 to 9: open Sundays.
SPIRITUALISM. .
A— MRS. "V. J. WHITNEyT^us. medium" and
life reader. 1200 Market, r. 10." Gait House.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak st.'. spiritual me-
dium; consultation daily; ladies. 60c
MRS. E. J. WILLIAMS, spiritual adviser, has
no equal in city. 110 Sixth Bt.. room 8.
MRS. LESTER'S clrcles:B p. m.. except Thurs..
10c; read, dally; mines a specialty. 95 Sixth.
GASSING; wonderful gifted healing medium,
cures hopeless cases .quickly. 110 6th St., r. 6.
HYPNOTISM.
NERVOUS, mental ills, habits cured; no drugs.
DE LAUFF, magnetlst. 773 Eddy St.. 773.
gAnPET-BEATI^^AjSP^
COMPRESSED Air and. Vacuum Process used
lor cleaning carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop'; prices moderate., S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Company, 306 Market
St.; phone Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
6end for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlson St.; Al cleaning. 3c. Phone Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co., J. McQueen
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet beating. works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel.Mlsslon 263.
LAUNDRIES/
JAPANESE laundry and dry cleaning work.
2122 Flllmore st.; tel. Geary 2053. . ..
COI^LECTION : OFFICES. :
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 8580.
CURE FOR RUPTURE. .
NO high-priced, painless (?) treatments to
cure Rupture: elmply wear Dr. Plerce'a
Truss, and it will do the workl Sold 30
years; thousands cured. Call or address
ELECTRIC TRUSS . CO.. 206 Kearny st.
V- EDUCATIONAL.
A. CHANCE 'for every young man to improve
Intellectually; brains la money; you. may in-
crease your salary by Increasing your earn-
ing power; the Young Men's Christian Asso-
ciation conducts the most complete system
of night schools in the country; 32,000 stu-
dents enrolled; San Francisco- Association
building, NE. cor. Mason and Ellis sts., of-
fers exceptional facilities for a business and
commercial education; if you have only one
hour a day to devote to study, 1 give us a
chance to help you;- every branch taught
from the fifth grade to preparation for the
university; business course a specialty; the
day classes are open to all men; the night
classes are a great convenience. Holla V.
Watt, president; H. J. McCoy, general secre-
tary. Send for descriptive catalogue to E.
E. ESDON. Director of . Education, Asaocia-
ticn building. \u25a0 1 , \u25a0 -. . ..
A — THE Lyceum, an , excellent ; preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; we prepared hundreds of students suc-
cessfully ' and we shall prepare you ; : day,
evening session: references President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUS.COL.. 033 Market,
conducted . by Robert F. Gallagher, expert
. court reporter, holds world's record for short-,
hand writing; successful himself, will make
you so; shorthand, typing, bookpg. Catalogue.'
ALL who desire good position should attend
this college; we nave -had 250 good places
since March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
. lege. 738 Mission st. /--_\u25a0• • ' '» \u25a0 •
HRALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post sf
Established 1563; largest In the West; annual
enrollment 1000: send; for. circular. \u25a0, -
DANCING.- both adult and children's classes,
now open at Hinman's School , of Dancing,'
1412 Polk St.. nr. California; phone East 2126.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
, Post st, S. F. ;civil,- mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. .'Send for prospectus. .\u25a0\u25a0• '
ENGINEERING— CI vII,' eIec. mln.. mech.. sur-.
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve; est. • 18&4. .Van
der Nalllen , School 113 Fulton.- nr. City Hall.'
BOOKKEEPING, Eag., math., etc, day and
, c ye. ; •Ind I vldual \u25a0 I nstr. 305 • Larkin - St.", Prof.
T. A. Robinson, formerly pres." Pac Bus. Col;
A— METROPOLITAN-Callf ornla-Students . Join-
ed. Business, \u25a0 Stenographic. 925 Golden Gate.
IRVING Institute, school for girls, 2128 Cal. at;
. Easter term begins \u25a0 Monday, , Jan. \u25a0 7,** 1906. : '.
A special class preparatory to teachers', exam-
lnatlons or State nor, schls. 333 Phelan bldg.'
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINQTON'S. 424 Pine et.— Night classes.,
OLDEST, largest Japanese-Chinese employment
office furnishes : best help* promptly..'- GEO.
SAKAU YE, successor < Geo.'- Aoki,. removed to
,329 Mason fromM2l^Post;: tel., East, ss9: :
AN; up-to-date* Japanese-Chinese^ emp.,; office;
:' furnishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H.KIODA, 405 Post St.; tel. James 501.
EMPLOrMENT OFFlCES— Continued, f
STAR Employment V Office— Reliable Japanose
Sand Chinese help: furnished with care. W.
KADOTA; 409 Powell st.r tel. Main 1751.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. \u25a0 WM.
r - YOSHY. 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 859.
AN old estab. (1850) Chinese emp. office. C.
(THONG'S, removed to 518 Pine; tel. Grant 156
H. W. HONG, 1113 A Clay sC; Chinese employ-
. ment office; beat help. Tel. East 426.:
Finest Japanese help; house-cleaning specialty;
Geo. R. Kunlabe. 343 Mason ; tel. James 5251.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
- Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY &\u25a0 CO., 640 Clay.
JAPANESE, Chinese help of all kinds furnish-
ed; house-cleaning. .708 Taylor; James 7<>>ts.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALEi
WANTED— By reliable' person, washing half
days. Please- call 3275 Harrison st.
A YOUNG girl would like to assist in house-
work. Call at 967 Florida st ' -.\u25a0\u25a0>"
YOUNG woman and mother want positions as
housekeeper for middle-aged or elderly gen-
tleman;, country preferred. Call or address
696 Haight st.; phone "Page 3135.
COOK for parties; German: finest American,
French and German cooking; references. 1393
Bush st ....-\u25a0' .'
A REFINED and cultured lady who has had
long experience in the care and management
of private , boarding and apartment houses
is seeking an engagement as manager of
some first-class apartment-house; le a careful
and successful manager: references * ex-
changed. For interview address MRS. A. T.,
1225 Geary at. \u25a0 . . .
GERMAN woman who is fine sewer or would
serve as parlor maid or waitress or would
do cr-araberwork or sewing, desires- position
in good family. Phone Main 5332. :
AN exoerienced fashionable 'dressmaker
(French) would like work at home or in pri-
vate families; very, beat of references. : Ad-
dresB 1283 Turk street. " : --,-y :
A GOOD and strictly reliable middle-aged wo-
man desires position to do general house-
work. Call or address 1110 Powell st., near
Washington. > .
A STRICTLY reliable and competent young
woman would like ' place to care for sick or
an Invalid; has best of references. ' Call or
address 705 Ellis st. or phone East ©SIS.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman, thoroughly compe-
tent, would like position to do light house-
work and cooking; wages $15 to $20 and car-
fare. Call or address 927 Washington st. .
A YOUNG and refined German lady, lately
from the East, desires a position as a house-
keeper, either in city or country. Call or
address 2390 Mission st '
AN expert lady stenographer and typist, accu-
rate and rapid, desires either a temporary or
permanent position. Address P. . O. box 734.
or phone East 2019.
A COMPETENT woman would like any kind
of housework or. washing and ironing by the
day. Address 111 Ninth St., or phone How-
ard 2536.
YOUNG woman, thoroughly competent, wishes
position to take care of sick or an invalid;
will work by day pr week; best of references.
Address 705 Ellis st. or phone East -9518.
A STRICTLY reliable colored girl would like
a posiUon as lady's maid; or would do light
chamberwork or housework; no washing.
Phone East 9301.
AN elderly lady would like a place In the
country where she could assist with light
housework; small wages. Address MRS. M.,
322 Rltch st. $ ' .
MIDDLE-AGED woman who la good cook and
thorough housekeeper would like a position
In a small family of adults. Call at 359
Minna st. *•; / "\u25a0 - - - - \u25a0 . \u25a0 ' '
A COMPETENT " and willing young woman
would like work in private houses, ; either
washing or cleaning. Address or call 315
Linden aye.
ENERGETIC Japanese woman would like place
•1 In city I where ehe could learn any kind of
work; is willing. 417 Jones st; phone Eaat
3615. ; ' ' - "\u25a0-
YOUNG woman, thoroughly experienced in
bookkeeping and office, desires temporary
work. Box 3939, Call. .
SCANDINAVIAN girl who la a good 000k and
laundress desires position. Address or call
278 Ninth st. ~
! AN experienced dressmaker on evening gowns
'• or Rtreat habits would like engagements . for
this month. - Phone East 9082. '
YOUNG woman would like place to do down-
stairs work or cooking \u25a0\u25a0 where \u25a0 assistant la
kept Call or \u25a0 address 703 Stockton st. - \u25a0\u25a0
COMPETENT reliable woman would like place
to cook for men or keep \u25a0 house; has good
references. Call at 974 A Howard st.
A' GOOD woman would like place to do house-
. work or washing and ironing by the day.
Phone Howard 2536. or call 111 Ninth at.
A SKILLFUL first -clasa . dressmaker on ex-
clusive designs would' like a few more
patrons. Phone EaBt 3C53. ..\u25a0-"-\u25a0.--.'
A MIDDLE-AGED I^'dy who is strictly re-
liabls and comoete^t i-o:jld like a place as
housekeeper. Call a^. address 19 Powell st.
LADY. who is strong and willing wishes posl-
| tlon to do cooking or general housework in a
nice family. Address 850 Market st. rm. 14.
YOUNG woman would like to do work by the \u25a0
day in private* houses or rooming houses.
AddreßS or call 161 Seventh et. .
A FIRST-CLASS cook would like a position in
good American family, or will assist fcrhere
extra help is needed. I Address L., 1505 Folk.
A GOOD Japanese girl would like position to
do general housework in private family. Call
1916 Howard st. ; phone Church 36C0. -\u25a0\u25a0
LADY who la neat and ! quick sewer desires
- sewing by the day. Phone Scott 3415.
JAPANESE girl wants a position as school
girl. OGAW A. 2023 Pine at
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
YOUNG man, aged 24, with three years' exx-
perience in the hardware business, wishes
position aa stock clerk : or filling orders or
selling goods; city- or country; reference.
Box 4827. Call office. ' .
FIRST-CLASS young bookkeeper, Al refer-
ences, - desires position in- city or country;
good correspondent and can use typewriter.
Box 4819. Call office. \u25a0 ._ ..-. m ;.--."
GERMAN-AMERICAN wants a position as
city salesman for wholesale liquor house; can
furnish good city reference. Box 4831.; Call.'.
INDUSTRIOUS young man wants work of any
kind; reasonable wages. :Box 3935, : Call.;
AS attendant to elderly gentleman, . invalid or
chronic patient; anywhere now ; or . later, by
responsible man of 40; best qualifications and
first-class training -and experience as. nurse
and masseur; country place with outdoor
; .work and life preferred; beat references. Ad-
dresa J. JAMKS. San Mat co. Cal.
A MIDDLE-AGED man of sterling habits, re-
• liable, /honest and sober, desires engagement
. for coming year as salesman or collector. with
I a first-class furniture - house; has had '7
years' experience 'in the furniture business.
Addresß WM. STONE, general delivery. City.
YOUNG ; man X thoroughly 1 experienced ' with
chickens and incubators desires position on
a poultry ranch. J. GORDON, -Seal Cove,
Half moon Bay. Cal. \u25a0;"'.; ; -\u25a0. \u25a0 \u25a0 . -. \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0.-"\u25a0' •
GENTLEMAN recently from , the East \ would
like position with real estate' firm; experi-
:: enoed solicitor and salesman;:: partnership
preferred. Box 2544. Call office.*. . : :
EXPERT ' accountant/bookkeeper and' system-
\u25a0 atlzer; competent to manage any : business;
v" now; open 'for engagement Box 2842. Call. -
YOUNG gardener wants position,, either com-
merclal or. private;- local references. ; Box
4536. Call office. . , .; ;
MAN 1 wants work; ; any kind. Address - 2529
Clement aye.. Alameda. \u25a0 ; \u25a0 ' .
WANTED— Position in branch bakery, delica-
tessen or similar business, ' where there is an
opportunity vto 'learn the business; small
wages. - Box 3938. Call. 5; \u25ba . ••.-
FIRST-CLASS young '.bookkeeper, Al refer-
. ences.. desires position- In city or country;
good correspondent and can use typewriter.
Box 4810. Call. . .
A BOY 13 years of age would like a place
\u25a0In the country, where he could work for his
board .; and go to school ; ; please address 1018
Kansas sty San Francisco. ->. \u25a0 :,,. ...;
AN experienced cutter on men's -tailoring de-
: sires a position In either city or country; has
;\u25a0\u25a0'., first-class, references, v Call' t or- address
\u25a0 TAILOR.' 21 Powell st, room' 29. : -.-"\u25a0 ...;-'
SITUATION wanted; coachman,, Scandinavian ,"i
• with \u25a0•': high ' class references,- single,'- sober,
,:. willing and reliable;, s years la6t place.- Box
i, 3934. Call office.' .: -. , ; ; \u25a0„ :U/ ~j
WANTED-^Job on small • dairy j mllklngf from
'10 to 25 cows and general farmhand Or but-
ter-making creamery: •experienced;, ref er-
- ences. ,' Box 4813, ; Call office.. .; .:; ; :
A TRUSTWORTHY gentleman, aged 30 years,
would like -position with business , firm:' as
\u0084;- clerk or - collector; « will : cheerfully ,- furnish
bonds. Address R.- L.yD.y 6 ; Monroe st. ;
ELE VATOR man with ; city references wishes
situation in apartment-house; is employed in
Box 4812. Call offlce. : - . .. ;,
r EMPLOYMENTS JWANTjEP^~MALJt^Coii
MIDDLE-AGED reliable man wishes any light
.honorable employment; inside or outside; ex-
• perienced aa salesman and advertiser; willing
to engage for small salary for the .present in
.any simple work; references given. Box
3940. Call office. .
YOUNG man. aged 23 years, residing with
I parents,' desires position as clerk or assist-
ant; wholesale house preferred; is a willing,
faithful worker and would give employer his
best efforts; good references if desired. Ad-
dresa "H. P.." 1616 A Turk et.
WANTED— Management of orchard, vineyard
;\u25a0-'.; \u25a0-'. or stock ranch by a reliable man' with 14
years' exoerlence- as foreman and superin-
tendent in California; best references. Box
4516. Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED man, married, thoroughly
j ! familiar \ with all j branches of ranch or or-
;S chard • work, would like . position to take
care of place; is handy with tools. Address
L. COFFEE, 252 Guerrero st.
MAN thoroughly experienced in all kinds of -
agriculture, stock raising, .irrigation or grad- j
in? land desires situation as superintendent;
has best of references. Address F. M.
BEEBE. 475 Thirty-eighth St.. -..Oakland.
A SOBER and Industrious: Dane, 40 years of
age, desires housecleanlng and janitor work:
good . references. ' Apply or address 1629
1 Golden : Gate aye.
A RELIABLE man wants situation as night
watchman; references. Address L 8., 205
Third st. .
WANTED— A situation in a creamery by a
Canadian butter and cheese maker. ; Box
- 4837. Call office. ' . : - »
YOUNG man desires • (situation as groom, sin-
gle-handed; best Eastern references. Ap-
ply 283 Connecticut st.
COACHMAN or stableman by elderly English-
man; good references. E. T., 3581 Sacra-
mento st. • \u25a0
YOUNG man speaking several languages and
of good address and appearance Is anxious to
obtain a poeitlon. Address Q. A., 558 Stelner.
FIRST-CLASS steam and gas fitter would like
position; no objection to country place.
Phone East 4481.
A GOOD bartender would like city position:
can give good references. Address D. H.,
1402 Polk st.
INDUSTRIOUS young man wants work of any
kind; reasonable wages. Box- 3935, Call.
JAPANESE couple want situation In a private
family; man as first-class fancy 000k, expe-
rience 15 years; wife, housework and wait;
references. M. SHIRA, 465 Jessie et., San
. Francisco; tel. Mint 591.
YOUNG Japanese of experience wishes position
as schoolboy or housework; wages can be
email; good place more desired; speaks good
English. Address 715 Sacramento St., or
phone Black IS7I.
JAPANESE boy who speaks good English
desires position to do general housework."
Address JOE YAMA, 703 Larkin st. or phone
East 8770.
JAPANESE, first-class cook and also a fine
waiter, is desirous of obtaining a situation
In city. Address A. MATSUO. 315 Stockton
St.. or phone Main 5188.
A FAITHFUL young Japanese boy wishes posi-
tion as school boy in small family. Call or
address R. X., 442 Devisadero st; phone
Page 2109. V
FAITHFUL Japanese boy would like place
. where he could work mornings until 10
o'clock. Address or call T. IKEDA. 1207
Bush st. •\u25a0'-.- •
AN honest Japanese boy wpuld like work of
, any kind to do after 4 p. m. daily. Ad-
dress S. S., 620 Laguna et, city.
A FAITHFUL Japanese boy would like place
to do plain cooking or general housework.
Address M., 821% O'Farrell. .
A JAPANESE who is fine cook and has best
of references wishes position as school boy.
Address HARRY TAKETA. 258 A O'Farrell.
JAPANESE boy desires a' position as house-
work or waiter. TAj^AKA. 1348 California.
A GOOD Japanese schoolboy would like place
where he could be useful. Phone East 2442.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy. Address T. H., 1329 Pine st
CHINESE, a good family cook with experi-
ence, wants place; city or country; best ref-
erences. Call or write to 721 Stockton st ;
phone Montgomery 1656.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook would like place
with. nice family; wages from $50 to $60 per
month. Address C. LEE, 806 Clay sf
FINANCIAL.
$8000 — ON good country -farm and business
1 property; will pay 6 per cent net; security
worth 18.000; investigate quickly, as loan
must be had January 10. Box 2776. Call.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST OF HOUSES.
- FLATS, apartment and rooming houses; our
renting department is free to all; we can find
you a home in any part of the city; ask for
no payment other than your good will; we do
not ask you to buy or even look at the goods;
use this department freely; you < are more
than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO., 245-259 Geary
: at. (on the square.) - '.
WE will find you a house or flat AT ONCE in
any part of the city through our un-to-date
renting department, and It is absolutely free
T. BRILLIANT FURNITURE CO., 338-342
Post at. \u25a0
! CLAY, 2421. near Flllmore — Upper flat; 8 sun-
ny rooms; modern improvement, storeroom
and yard; no children; rent $14.
SANCHEZ. NW. corner Elizabeth, near 24th^ —
New upper flat; 0 rooms, bath; sun all day;
all- modern Improvements; $25.
ALMOST new upper 5-room flat; sun -and light
-in each room; rent very low if rented before
the first of the year. 1455 Broderlck st. \u25a0 ;
BRODERICK. 143, near Haight— Modern B-
room flat; marble steps, beam ceilings, elec-
tric lights, etc; owl cars; rent reasonable.
WALLER. 1724, near Park entrance — Modern
sunny flats of 3 and 5 rooms and bath; rent
$12. $20.
NATOMA, 714, near Ninth — A flat of 4 sunny
rooms; large yard; rent $12 60.
NICE, <eunny flat of 4 rooms; rent $12; electric
lights if wanted. 520 Sixth st.
2 HAYWARD, off Harrison, near 8th — Upper
sunn-- clean flat of 4 rooms; rent $12 60.
$12 50 — 4 SUNNY rooms. 62 -Ivy aye., near
Van Ness. • ' : . ; \u25a0 \u25a0
MISSION, 1513. near Eleventh — 6 rooms, bath,
: \yard and laundry; -rent $22 50.
BUSH, 1231-1231 A —2 flats; 3 rooms each; bath;
. rent $18 and $15 each.- Apply 1223 Bush st
$17-50 — UPPER flat; 5 sunny rooms. 169 Page
St., between Gough and Octav^a. . '
A MONTH free; new *4-room flats, $25; janitor
.' service; sunny. 2267 Hayes'st., nr.G.'G. Pk.
BRODERICK, 1433— Live rent free; 6-room flat,
with 4 attic rooms; can sublet each room; $25.
CENTRALLY located corner flat; 5 rooms and
bath. 1002 Mason st. cor. Sacramento.
CENTRAL, modern, upper flat, 6 rooms, bath.
1026 Sacramento st, above Powell; moderate.
NOE 5t., : 328, near Market — Modern lower flat,
.6 rooms, and \ bath: rent $22 60. \u25a0
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. 91 per year.
.FLATS V TO LET — FURNISHED.
A' NICELY: furnished sunny flat; 5 rooms and
'bath; rent -only. $20; Geary cars pass door.
\u25a0 1307 Point : Lobos aye. , . near Second aye.
NEWLY furnished G-room flat; piano; sewing
machine; reasonable. \u25a0 1342 Haight st.
.FLOORS TO LEASE.
-LARGE light floor; ' electric elevator; excellent
location: low rent. KNOWLES CO.. 24. 2 d.
. FURNITURE - WANTED.
A^ PHONE South 1015; it will pay you to send
for me ' before j you sell your \u25a0 furniture, ' car-
'\u25a0\u25a0 pets, piano, « etc. . M. QALLJCK. 201 Larkin.
MARK J. , LEVY AUCTION 'CO.; 1321 Market
. : st.,~ bet. ; 9th '\u25a0 and -10th, paying- big money for
\u25a0\u25a0; furniture, etc. \u25a0- Phone South 179. • ."" - ;
Alfred Wollpert, > 773 Mission, phone Red ' 4462,
\u25a07 pays highest price for furniture.' carpets. ; etc.-
HENRY' MAYER' pays = highest prices for fur-.
. niture. carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 813.
z; ABE^LEVY. 1135 Market; St.. '\u25a0 phone Jessie
v 701.* pays cash and buys everything.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ALMOST -given away: unredeemed storage pi-"
'\u25a0=. arfos and fur. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Mkt.
'„.*:', HELP .WANTED— FEMALE. \u25a0
WANTED— First-class j cook . for, near Oakland.
$40,-.: see party i this \ morning; \u25a0 girl, " general
,'housework, - near v Berkeley, . $35; first-class
nurse;* s3o;: parlor maid; and. waitress, %'SO- •>
p{ eecond girls, m C $25 ;.; nurse .\u25a0".\u25a0; $20; \u25a0 dining-room
:helptr, $20; chambermaid. .520; 8, waitresses,
city and country,' s2s and $8 a week; 6 cooks
?\u25a0 \u25a0 plain washing,* $30; . English second girl; . $25; '
\u25a0 ! 22 girls for.housework. city and surrounding
: ; towns,. $25 ; and '\u25a0 $30. „< See J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 331 Sutter Bt.': •. -- . \u25a0 .- \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0- -.J,^
HELP WANTEI^FEMALE~-Contlnngd
GIRLS -to learn hairdressing. manicuring, mas-
eage. etc., from A to Z in 1 mo. for $10; •
positions to fill guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and eve, clasa. 234 Post, r. 17. 2d floor.
THE opportunity of your life; millinery taught
in first-class parlors: guarantee to secure po-
sitions for all competent scholars by Jan. 25;
terms. s2o. 234 Post St.. room 16. 2d floor.
LEARN hairdressing. facial massage, manicur-
ing, scalp treatment.hair work.removal super-
fluous hair; day, eve classes: positions walt-
lng; $10 week up. 210 Powell, r. 2-3. 2d floor.
AA — OPERATORS wanted on ladies' under-
wear to work in factory. 656 Mission st...
thi rd Qoor. '
AA— OPERATORS on ladles' underwear and
children's wear to take work home. 63tJ
Mission st.. third floor. / '
AA— EXPERIENCED tuckers wanted on
ladies' underwear and children's wear. 656
Mission st.. third floor.
AA — EXPERIENCED operators on ladles'
waist 3 und summer suits to work in factory.
656 Mission, st., third floors _____
WANTED — Fairly experienced saleslady for
woolen underwear department. Apply
MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market st.
WANTED— Saleslady. Apply MARKS BROS..
1220 Market st. ___
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. Apply on
Saturday and Tuesday, between 9 . and 11
a. m., at HALE BROS.'
WAITRESSES wanted— 2 good waitresses can
have steady positions in city at good waxes.
Call room 31S, James Flood buildlntc.
WANTED — Girl for housework and cooking In
flat; 3ln family: no children; $30. Call fore-
noon at 1845 O'Farrell st. '.\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0o "-.
WANTED— A woman to do housework and
cooking. ' Apply in forenoon, 226 Dolores st.
PLAIN bookkeeper and cashier for meat mar-
ket. 1377 Haicht st.
FOR Berkeley — Refined, companionable woman.
care partial Invalid, other light duties; com-
fortable home; wages $20. Apply 12 Front
' st. , room 39.
WANTED — First-class Marcel wave hairdress-
er. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' - ' \u25a0
WANTED — Working housekeeper for San Ra-
fael: 3 In fam.; good home. Apply 710 Bu-
chanan, city, bet. 9 a. m.-12 m.. 'Saturday.
SECOND girl wanted to assist in . general
housework and wait at table. Apply 1418
Laxkln st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; wages
$20- $25. 2353 Pacific aye.: call Saturday
' morning.
APPRENTICE to learn operating on pants.
266 Stevenson st.. between 8d and 4th.
i WANTED — Young women to learn telephone
I operating; salary while learning; references
required. Apply after 9 a. m., 216 Bush St.,
third floor.
BOOKKEEPERS.cashIers. bill clerks.etc.l will
guarantee you qualification to fill positions in
30 days; private instruction by accountant ;po-
Bltions secured. Address box 1730. Call office.
WANTED — A girl to assist with housework;
' wages $10 to $15; good home. Inquire at
3573 Twentieth st.. near Valencia. : . . '
LADY wishing to learn bookkeeping can have
office . work as Dart payment for tuition.
. Box 2565. Call.
WANTED — To employ a lady with good knowl-
edge of music; salary $800: references re-
quired. Box 3944, Call office.
NEAT young lady as working housekeeper;
must have good references. Box 4821. Call.
FIRST-CLASS pants finishers. CHARLES
BASCH. 744 Market St.. room 20.
BARBERS — Employment and ~-«nT»Hg».
BARBERS. Attention — Coleman'a Exchange;
city and country barber shops bought and
sold. See COLEMAX. 311 Ja». Flood bldg.
$200 — 2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; near city;
finely furnished, good business; a bargain sel-
dom offered. COLEMAN, 311 Jas. Flood bid.
BARBER 6hops offered to buyers at special
Inducements. Coleman's. 811 Jas. Flood bldg.
$1000 — 4-CHAIR barber shop for /sale; good lo-
catlon. COLEMAN, 311 Jas. Flood bldg.
BARBER shops — Large variety of them; some
very good; also a number of shops In coun-
try; all prices. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
FOUR-CHAIR barber shop and cigar store;
sold at a sacrifice it taken at once; account
sickness. Address P. O. box 839. San Jose.
BARBER shops wanted; all those . that can
bear close investigation as to their merits
may apply .'to D. STOLTZ. 723 Market st. -
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday, or
steady Job If satisfactory. 1734 Alcatraz aye.,
* South Berkeley.
BARBER for Saturday evening and - Sunday
morning; $4. 515 Second street.
BARBER wanted for Saturday evening and
1 Sunday forenoon. 189 Sixth st. v
FOR sale^ — Three-chair barber shop; In first-
class condition. 713^ Greenwich st. V-;' *
BARBER for Saturday afternoon only. 4301
Eighteenth st. • . •\u25a0'.'\u25a0,\u25a0.
WANTED — Barber Saturday and Sunday: 70
per cent. 235 Eighth st.
BARBER wanted Saturday. Sunday and Mon-
day; good wage 9. 8 East St., near Market.
GOOD barber wanted. 1759 Mission st. . -'-.v
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 1357
Dupont st.
BARBER wanted Saturday evening, 4 o'clock,
and Sunday morning, at 1193 Folsom st.
GOOD barber « for Saturday and Sunday. 208
Third st.
GOOD barber for • Saturday; no student. 81
Fourth st. \u25a0-....
GOOD barber wanted; steady work If suited.
137 Fourth st. - - \u25a0- \u25a0: ':
BARBER, first-class workman, for Saturday
and Sunday. 328 Montgomery aye. \u25a0 -
2-CHAIR barber shop and 2 furnished rooms
at a bargain. 1625 Mission st.
$150 BUYS a swell 2-chalr shop. 556 Fourth
street \u25a0 ' \u25a0
TWO-CHAIR shop for sale; receipts $35 to $45
per week; rent $9. per month. 817 Laguna st.
3-CHAIR barber shop for sale: good bargain;
money-maker. 759% Howard st.
' . HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— PACIFIC CON. EMPLY. AGENCY, INC.
635 Washington st. — Phone James 3301.
Donkey engineer,' $50 and found.
3 laborers or roustabouts. $1 50 fare. $35 fd.
FREE FARE.
Stsklyou County, laborers. $60.
SOUTH. . FREE FARE. SOUTH.
New work, ship to-day, $2 25 day.
1000 men. new work, north. $2 25. \u25a0
FREE FARE— SOUTH.
Section hands. S. P. Co.. $1 60.
Choreman. east. $1 .day and found.
10 laborers, near city, $2 25 day.
Wheelwright, ranch, south, $40 and found.
Spool tender, east. $55 and found.
Ocean Shore R. R-. $2 to $2 23.
PACIFIC CON. EMPLOY. AGENCY. INC.
HORD & SMITH'S Employment Office,
62S Clay St.— Telephone Main 6521.
Teamsters, $2 25. city, board $5 25. •
Laborers. $2 to $2 25, city; no discount.
10 \u25a0 wagon teamsters, $2 25. free fare, south.
Free fare. 390 miles out. laborers. $2.
Cheap fare, south. 375 miles, drillers. $2 50.
Laborers $2 25, muckers $2 25. same place.
\u25a0Burlelgh drill runners. $3. company work.
5 ROUGH carpenters, $2 50 day; blacksmith,
$3 day: porter and wife, $45 and found;
farmer and wife, $50 and found; porter, $10
a week; baker, country shop. $12 week and
found, and others. • J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628. Sacramento st. '
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st— Head gar-
dener. country place, $40; butler, $40; boy for
private place. $15 to r $20; German boy to
help in barroom. $20. etc. .
MEN and boys wanted to learn plumbing
trade; pays $5 day after completing, course
oC practical \u25a0- Instruction at home or In our
schools; graduates admitted to -Union and
Master Plumbers'- Association; positions se-
cured. COYNE BROS. CO. Plumbing
Schools. New York, . Chicago, 111., Cincinnati,
Ohio/ Free catalogue. »
WANTED — A bright younjr man about 16 years
of ag e to : commence as office boy In whole-
sale, grocery; requirements, grammar school
education. \u25a0 good penmanship and accuracy at
.figures. Box 4830. Call. '
WANTED— Young man, 17 or. 13 years of age
who resides with his parents as -Junior clerk
in fire insurance office. Address in own hand-
_ writing, box ; 4829. Call. ..
MAN to assist on small fruit ra nch< near city
must understand cars of horses ; good home
to right; man. Apply room 1003. Call bldg.
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesmen
..-- Apply on Saturday and Tuesday between 6
and 11 a.m. at HALE BROS.' i
BOOTBLACK wanted. . Saratoga Baths Park
aye., cor. Hollls st.; 1 near race track. Emery.
. vine. - , " , *•;
WANTED— Boys' clothing \ salesman. " Apply
S. N. '. WOOD & ; CO.. 740 Market st.
WANTED— Taitor-bushelman. ' Apply S N
WOOD & C 0.. .740 Market aU
HELP WANTED— MALE— C«a^|^| _ _
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St..
Phone Mam SS4S.
Our Own Printing
Plant Issues our free list of positions four
times daily — 7 a. m., 10 a. m.,
1 p. m..' 4 p. m. .
EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION!
OUR INVESTIGATION AND SEGKEOa-
TION RESULT IN THE 'PRODUCTION OF
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
IF YOU WANT
THE BEST HELP. DO AS OTHERS DO—
SEND/ YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY & READY. C34-oy« Clay st.,
Leading Employment and Labor Ag-.-nw.
THE RIGHT OP MAN TO LIVE; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
We gave in 1904 19** we h°r*^>
64 000 men work. increase b».01H..
JANITORS. PORTERS. ELEVATOR MEN.
•* janitors city wholesale house, $4j.
PRL'NERS.
2 apple pnmers. S. C Co.. $1 75 day.
Man and wife, chicken ranch, San Mate*
C ° Unty ' LAUNDRYMEN.
I
10 trackmen, spikers, strappers, etc.. $to.
BAKEKS. t v
MERCED " " MERCED.
THAT NEW. RAILROA^. -—;
600 drlllera O
500 hammermen ****""Vy. in
SCO laborers • *fj ™
500 muckers • *Si 2
W« have got special railroad rates....- .s-40
OUR OFFICE FEE ONLY $L
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay tt.
ARIZONA— ARIZONA.
CLOSE TO PRESCOTT. &40 mile*. 99 40.
25 laborers, you'll suit Call early. -
MURRAY A READY. 634>-63a Clay rt.
THIS NEW J~L_ ,^ a
INSIDE WORK— STEADY JOBS.
25 laborers, to go this afternoon. $60.
General manager b«re. Call and s«« him
AT OCR OFFICE.
MXTRRAY & READY. 634rC6 Clay rt.
LOOK.
Experienced salesman on foldln* paper boxas,
$70 to $100.
Furniture- finishers : also apprentices.
MURRAY & READY. 63*-63« Clay st.
LOOK! LOS ANGELESv $3.
SHIP TO-DAY— © A. M.
—TO LO3 ANGELES. $5—
—TO LOS ANGEUES. $3—3 —
25 teamsters, $67 50.
25 trackmen. $87 50.
2O MUCKERS FOR MINES. $75.
ARE YOU GOING TO LOS ANGELES f
$5 FARE.
MURRAY & READY. 634i-e36 Clay St.
SANTA CRUZ.
25 teamsters, special R. R. fare, $55.
25 laborers, special R. R. fare, $35.
NEW WORK NOT FAR AWAT.
12 teamsters, free fare, $87 30. _ ..
Baker, bread and cake, small good Job, $3
week and found.
3 cooks, different places, sped— Joba, $30 to
$60 and found. \u25a0\u25a0
2 machine bands, ptaning mill. $3 day.
Men, address envelooes. this office.
Printer, country town, $40.
3 tinners steady work, country, $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634>-63a Clay St.
MINES. QUARRIES. _
LABORERS. TEAMSTERS.
TUNNELS.
30 miners, hand and machine work. $- 5«
to $3 day.
20 tunnelmen. near city. $2 75 day.
47 drillers and hammermen, city and coun-
try. $2 50 to $2 75 day.
15 headermen. tunnels, $2 25 to $2 75 day.
LABORERS.
313 laborers, different Jobs, all parts of Cali-
fornia — factories,- mills and general work;
$2 to $2 30 day. $60 to $75 month.
MURRAY & READY. «U-6Cti Clay st.
SOUTH— SPECIAL FARE. $2 40.
BIG MONEY FOR YOU.
TWO YEARS' WORK.
NEW RAILROAD— SOUTH.
'\u25a0 ; *. One Thousand Men.
1000 MEN.
ALL OPEN CUT WORK.
DRILLERS AND HAMMERMEN, $75.
LABORERS AND MUCKERS. $07 5a
BOARD, ETC.. $2O MONTH.
SPECIAL FAKE, |2 4*.
~~ OFFICE FEE ONLY fst.
ARE YOU GOING SOUTH?
MURRAY & READY. C34-C36 CLAY ST.
DOES THIS LOOK GOOD TO YOU?
FREE TO-DAY. TO-DAY IT' 3 FREB.
OCEAN SHORE K. R.
45 laborers. $60.
45 teamsters. #67 50.
45 drillers. $67 80. - .. . -r
MURRAY fc READY. 634-636 Clay at. -
OREGON— FREE FARE.
65 COAL MINERS.
$1 TON— ARE YOU CXHNG?
COAL MINERS.
MEXICO. 250 Coal Miners. MEXICO.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay at.
165 TIEMAKERS. 13c EACH.
FACTOKY.
15 laborers for general work around a large
factory; no experience needed: steady the
year round; any willing man can fill the bill;
Inquire about it; you'll go; wages $60.
MURRAY & READT. 634-036 Clay St.
' HOTELS. ETC.
5 cooka, other places.
Walters, city hotela and restaurants, $33 a
month.
Marker and distributor, country laundry, $55.
OTHERS.
20 boys for stores, factories, city and coun-
try.
Experienced florist, city store.
FARMS, RANCHES.
MILKERS, CHOREMEN.
6 plow teamsters, good ranch. *s3O and fd.
14 general fanners, different ranches. $28 t»
$32 ami found.
15 milkers, butter-makers and choremen and
choreboys. $15, $20. $25. $30. $35 and found.
IS prune™, vineyard or orchard. $28 to $30
and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
TEAMSTER, special city wagon. $2-$2 00 day.
Man do ranch, work blacksmithlnar, $1 25 day
and found. • .
MURRAY ft READY. 634-636 Clay »t.
SHASTA— SISKIYOU. FREE FAR3J.
23 laborers. $60
ARE YOU GOING TO SHASTA?
15.000 Men to
WESTERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
$2. $2 50. $3 73 to $3 50 day.
1200 MEN WANTED, s \
TO THREE STATES-
OREGON.
WASHINGTON.
IDAHO.
Cost only $7 73 to get there by tr_»
LOOK.
12 stablemen, different city stables. $«•.
6 buggy-washers and harness cleaners. $46
and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
TYPEWRITER and clerk, our offices.
FOREMEN.
Foreman, grade woods. $3 a day and found.
BUTCHERS.
Butcher Northern California, $50 »nd found.
Young man. work in tool room, city lroa
' works. $40 and found.
PLUMBERS AND BLACKSMITHS.
CARPENTERS.
. 25 car repairers. Los Angeles, fare $3, $3 50
day. '
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st. -
12 MILLWRIGHTS large lumber CO.. $0O fd.
CARPENTERS.
12 carpenters to build a factory. $3 50 day.
MARRIED.
Man and wife, cook for 14 men on a ranch,
$50 and found.
W. H. Wise wanted.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Buahelman. Apply S. N. WOOD
St CO.. corner Powell and EUU sts.
WAITER wanted for good, steady position.
Call room 313. James Flood building.
EXTRA dishwasher wanted. MARTIN'S, 13
Third at. \u25a0
EXPERIENCED plumber's (boy) helper. H.
HUFSCHMIDT. 62T. Golden Gate aye.
— \u25a0
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1213 Point Lobos ay». ,
MEN learn the barber trade In 8 weeks: tui-
tion earned while learning: situations guar-
anteed: only up-to-date colleges )n America.
MOLER'S 3YSTEM COLLEGE. 644 Clay st.
WANTED— At once, soltctto— for the city and
vicinity: special holiday Inducement. . Call
and investigate; afternoons and evenings, at
3155 Mission st.
MEN and ladles to learn barber trade; new
rrvethod; wages earned while learning; posi-
tions guaranteed after eight weeks. OILL-
MAN;s Barber College. 627 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added ICO new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.. 250 rooms, 25c to 50c per night.
APPRENTICE boy In architect's office- state
particulars. Box 4517. Call. ' * :
AN experienced man for renovatory wagon for
/delivery aDd soliciting. 2200 Flllmore st.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
DETECTIVES— Learn the business* money'"
made while learning. 604 Montgomery, r. 204.«*
GERMAN cabinet-maker and French polisher. *
Box 4306. Call.
WANTED— An experienced helper In a, b— ttry.
2125 Mason it.'- / .yyOUR DAILY PROGRAMME OF TROUBLES
HELP WANTED— MALE— Continued.
L^?iM Wep * rh l an ? *• **• »ceounUngTsBo
»O fISO per month salary paid our graduates-
dS £5, *, chools ll ? dorsed by "Si \u25a0SuroVo.;
and eve. session; apply for catalog.
Morse School of Telegraphy?*:^ i O'FarreM^t
AT OXCE. bright young men, 18 to 35 years.
WANTED— At once, good, live canvassers to
represent us throughout California: large rom-
rnl^'cr.* paid; complete outfits furnfehed free-
f n °£ d %° SpCCt Ai° r rlght I^y. Full partlc^
lare address Oregon Nursery Co.. Salem. Or.
!£»2£2 i??"2k am ct S* Painting; I teach you
t>> mall; $5 for complete course. Write for
$*£ IC }£ ar £ *ISLE SCHOOL OF LETTER-
ING. 94 Vt. Mountain gt.. Pasadena, Cal.
MEN and women to learn the barber trade;
new method; wages paid while learning; po-
fttlons guaranteed; special inducements San
Francisco College. 741 A Howard st. '
ANY Intelligent person may earn good income
correepond:ng lor newspaper; experience un-
. \u25a0 necessary; send for particulars. Press Syn-
dicate. Lockport. N. Y.
WANTED— Boy, 14-17. office, wholesale house-
good opportunity for bright ambitious boy :
\u25a0 references required. Box 3»42. Call.
WANTED — Men to flit 300 rooms at 20c per
aieht; clothes closets hair mattresses, elec-
tric light? In even.' room. 6SI Howard, nr. 3d.
WANTED — a good baker's helper for a coun-
try DO6ition; rays $25 per month, room and
-w bo&rd. Call room 518. James Flood building.
7 WANTED— For :or 3 weeks, a competent
ranch hand thoroughly familiar with plant-
ing: fruit trees; must have first-class refer-
ences e« to ability to properly set tree*;
win have to do own cooking; place near Gey-
\u25a0ervUle. Address, statin* wages, box 4523
Call office.
JV ANTED— Competent manager for tearoom In
large establishment; Ftate ape. experience
reference* end salary expected: applications
will not be considered unless applicants have
had first-class experience. Apply box 2S4L
tt:» offlc*.
WANTED — Laborers; pick and shovel. 14th
ard N st. South: take Kentucky-st. cars.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
lavt and Adjustment Co.. 49 2d Bt.. rm. 522.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. rm. 40. Phelan
bid. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
DAI'TEL vants 600 men to buy inspected
Government shoes at €31 Sacramento st.
10.000 WORKINGMEN to buy our genuine
amy shoes; a.:i inspected. 105 Third st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
tree bus find hapgage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th; recep-
y tion of advertising aad eubycriptions haa
been opened at 1008 Market et.. opposite
•» Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
SOLICITORS WA3VTSD.
" THE best commission proposition on this coast
Tor hustlers: a novelty «hat Interests every-
• body on sight. Call 9 to 12. HEATH. 303
California st.: experienced men pref'rreia.
HORSES AXD WAGO.VS.
]Bi WANTED — To hire 300 head of hors*« or raules
with harness for scraper work. Inquire for
particulars MADIGAN ONEIL & CO.. 122
, Grove ft.
HORSE for sale; suitable for lady or a doctor.
. M 3 He ward st.
GOOD team end sand wagon for sale. 2020
Fo'som st. ; in harness shop.
§1600 — BOARDING and livery stable for sale;
long I*»a?e; barg&Ui. Box 4541. Ca'.l.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m.. 327 Sixth at.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
»M rare*, in wrarrer. for mallinrf. SI p^r year.
HOUSES TO LET.
•A PRINTED list of houses to let; eend for cir-
c-jlar. O. 'H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Motgmy.
I'l^E. 2790— Suncy corner house. 8 r. and b.;
hasfcgipnt. large yard, gaa and electric lights.
J-ROOM hewse, bath; suitable 2 small families:
731 Turk st.
__* COTTAGES TO LET.
« JCEW. neat cottage at San Francisco's health-
lul beach; 4 rooms, bath, lavatory, gas and
• «lectric light; sun all day; rent reasonable.
* . "tM Hark and Cliff House car. stop at 46th
aye., go couth one-half block to No. 1275.
I FURNISHED and unfuruished cars and cot-
tajres. Oceaneide district, also facing ocean.
« $10 sd. J. H. D. FELDBUSCH JR., renting
dept.. 49th aye. and I t=t.. ocean boulevard.
HOTELS. '
HOTEL St. Nicholas, Market, Lerkin, Hayes
sis. — Heart of S. F.; modern; American and
European plane: electric lights and phone in
every room: hot and oold water; quiet.
INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturer of the
F.g^.eg tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.: tel. Park 775.
y ___,•_. JiPAXESE FLORIST.
* JAPANESE Florist— Fresh cut flowers every
day; plants for sale a sper'alty. 1708 Polk
ft., .near Washington. Phor.e East 1304.
. • LOST AND FOUXD.
' -IX«f?T — A ledger memorandum book, on S*v-
rt;th «., between Townsend and Market, or
, * * <Xi Valencia or Market, between Seventh and
Fifteenth. Finder return to H. C. HINCKEN,
* H9 Merritt St., and receive reward. ;
EOST— Tnursday night, gold locket with pho-
toy, • studded with jewels. Kinder please
•« rii.g up phone East 370 and receive reward.
IX>ST— Fine Llewellyn setter bitch; white and
jjellow; strayed from home. Return to IS9S
* Broadway and receive liberal reward.
LO*ST — Friday afternoon, black Cocker spaniel,
white hair on breast; name Dandy. Return
. to 2207 Scott St.; reward.
<\u25a0 iyjST-jEmall goid mounted cross, on S. P.
'' m ~ train, boat cr S. F. Etrert car; reward. Room
*4 % 006 Broadwrfy, Oakland.
LOST — Alameda. larg-e silver buckle, on belt
O. C. ; fiti of fleceased mother: reward. 1813
c Mlnfurn Et.
L/"i?T — A Scotch terrier, named Lee. Return
. to 7SB H.ayes et. and receive reward.
LOST — December 26, string of gold beads.
Grove, bet. Lyon and Devisadero, or on El-
• ys-st. car. Return to 1438 Grove st. and
receive reward.
LOST— A pa^s book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco la the
. name o*f ALBERT STANKE. No, 201-1150.
• The finder will please return to bank.
„ LOST— A pess book with the Hlbernia Savings
° and' Loan Society ot San Francisco in the
J»- nance ef NELSON MOORE, No. 192-613.
The; finder, will please return to bank.
LOST — Mink fur; on Market or Jones et. 701
Pot >t., apartment 5; reward.
LOST — Gold horseshoe bracelet set with 5 tur-
quoise; liberal re-ward. Miller, Hotel Savoy.
LOST, — Dec. 25. gentleman's ruby and diamond
*carfpin: liberal reward. 104 Kearny st.
I/^ST — Gold locket; Initials C. S. D. Return
to liTiO Eddy st.; reward.
A WEEK'S news for 5 rents — The Weekly Call,
36 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
m - LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.. for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 634.
MIXES AXD aitSETG.
»*M -' :•.-::.\u25a0- a man to fo to Nome; will pive
. til a lay on two .claims; must have MOO as
.e'euritj-; will make $50 per day easy; money
* * ttill*;* refunded when gold is taken out.
•iiax 4W2. Call.
. -/' r MUSEUMS. _^
" DR» "IJEBICS STAFK~~f7« Museum of
Asatornr moved to 1023 Market et.. near 6th.
. MUSICAL IXSTRUME.VTS.
UPRIGHTS FROM *C 3 UP.
«Plyel, Emerson. Roenisch, Smith & Barnes.
Gabler, Curtaz. Sterling and many other*, on
capy payments; open evenings.
BEN.T. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell at.
•• A SPECIAL list of bargains this week; etaj.d-
* jLrd makes Included; rent $2 per month jp;
installments S4 per month up. HEINE
i§ v PIANO CO.. 237 Geary et. \u25a0
>~/^N£TW piano for rent at $3 per mo.; others
at ?2 and $2 60; one year's rent allowed If
purchased. SCOTT-CL'RTAZ. 560 Hayes gt.
BAVE dealers' profit*?; buy direct from factory.
DEITEMEIER PIANOS. 839 Valencia St..
between Nineteenth and Twentieth. .
A FXSHSR uprJjtt piano, (195. 237 GtUT ft,
MTT3ICAE, INSTRUMENTS— Coat*— «<f.
BARGAINS In pianos and musical merchan-
dise. Call afternoons and evenings at 3153
Mission at.
ALMOST given away; storage pianos and furnl-
ture. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Market et.
A FISHER upright, 590. Call from Ba.m. to
9 p. m.. 58* Valencia st.
BARGAIN— Chlckerlng upright grand: brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister:
PIANOS extraordinary, stock Easfn mfgr, sac-
rinced; terms to ault. Statham, 110 McAllister
SUPERIOR violins, rithera, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
ELEGANT uprights, new. 2d-hand. $40-$5OO.
PIERCES Piano Factory. Market and 14th.
SOHMEH, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecilian piano
Player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright I'ianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. ECHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister at.
S-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shonlnger little used. Keeffe'a. 255 O'FarrelL
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
H a WHITE MACHINERY CO.,
Office and Salesroom, 130 Beale st.
Works and Yards, Ninth and Bryant sts.
We have a brand new lot of pipe complete,
ready for Immediate delivery-
%-lnch pipe $3 25 per hundred feet (new)
%-lnch pipe 13 S3 per hundred feet (new)
1-lnch pipe.... $5 70 per hundred feet (new)
I^4-lnch pipe.... {7 tO per hundred feet (new)
IH-lnch pipe.... $3 CO per hundred feet (new)
2-lnch pipe $11 95 per hundred feet (new)
2U-ln. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use. 100
3-ln. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use. 12%0
3%-m. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use, 15c
4-ln. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use, 190
Send by check, money order or coin b
W. F. Exure*;, Co.. with order.
H. a WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office 130 Beale et.
Reference — Any bank, banker or publication.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO. 130 132 Beale at.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with t)rivlle«te of buying; modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLEXDER, €52 Mission Bt.. 3. F.
ANOTHER rebuilt No. 1 Smith Premier Type-
writer. $S5; a bargain. L. & M. ALEXAN-
DER. 110 Montgomery st.. agents L. C.
Cm lth & Bros.' visible typewriter.
UNION Ice Co. plant for sale; 250.000 ft. % pipe
ordinary & ex. heavy; other 6izes up to 12 In.;
boilers, engines, pumps, air receivers; 25 HP.
gas engine, tanks. G.Welssbaum, 356 Tehama.
A — BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
ttc. WHITELAW. 536 Main et
POINTER bitch of the Bakersfield Kennel, IS
months old, with 4 puppies 4 weeks old. 739
Hyde St.. near Sutter. <- ._•.">.\u25a0. -
FOR ttLle — A sealskin as good as new.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFICE,
907 Market st.
MACHINERY, boilers and engines bought,
cold and exchanged; power plants in their
entirety bought. Western Mhy Co.. 230 Main.
A— GENTS' full dress suits to rent. J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton «t., second floor.
A — THOMSON steam engine indicator; practlc-
ally new; great barg. L. Epstein, 538 Mission
NICKEL In the slot music box, also Swiss
music box graphophone. 1474 Page 6t.
A SWELL, new. imported black bear boa and
muff; $16. 632 Mission st. :_
GOOD sanitary rouch for sale cheap. 183
Belvedere St.; Dhone Grove 934.
TWO cameras for sale cheap; good outfit. 415
Powell st. t'--r-,-
YACHT Neptune for sale. 246 Sutter St..
room 9.
BABY Al Vitta panoiama cameras. $3 50; take
pictures 2V«x6«li. Sunset Bazaar. 42 Third.
HIGH grade eecond-kand office safe and wagon
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 California.
SAFES — Must make room; no reasonable offer
refused. 123 New Montgomery st.
DESKS and crflce furniture bought, sold and
exchanged. T. D. MCCARTHY. 807 Mission.
E. C. HUGHES — Printer. 511 Sansoma St.,
San ' Francisco. ' i<-.-. .*
TWO merry-go-rounds; one miniature railway.
BACIGAI.UPI. SO5 Kearny st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AA — Highest prices paid for ladies, gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Paris 525. 650 Sacramento.
ANDERSON pays highest price for ladies' and
eenu' clothing. TeL Howard 1187; 154 9th m.
DIAMONDS, etc, bought for cash. Karl Eber
4 Co.. 400-401 Adams bldg.. 2C6 Kearny st.
MOXEY TO LOAN. >
CONFIDENTIAL.
Loans of all kinds and of every description
made on pianos, furniture, warehouse re-
ceipts, livestock and to people on their in-
dividual notes at banking-house rates; in
case of sickness or loss of employment we
extend your loans, so you take no chance of
losing your goods; your business is strictly
confidential, as we make no inquiries of your
neighbors: goods remain In your possession
and you can have the loan as long as you de-
sire; if you have any outstanding bills or
owe any loan company, we -will pay them
for you and give you more money; It is
easier to pay one than a number; to ladles of
prominence we meke loans without any se-
curity whatever; we can refer you to any
bank or newspaper in this city; don't fail to
call and see us and we will cheerfully ex-
plain to you our up-to-date method of doing
business; you meet no one at our separate
and private offices. ILLINOIS TRUST
. COMPANY, room 18, Phelan building; phone
Main 704.
' MONET
ALWAYS ON HAND. \u25a0
SUMS FROM $10 TO $300.
RATES NO HIGHER HERB.
TERMS A LITTLE EASIER AND
PAYMENTS MORE CONVENIENT.
A COUPLE HOURS' NOTICE WILL DO.
COURTEOUS TREATMENT ALWAYS.
SECURITY— A CLAIM ON YOUR FURNI-
TURE PIANO, HORSE. VEHICLE OR
SALARY. ETC.
NO PUBLICITY ABOUT IT.
NO BANK MORE RELIABLE.
PROOF— OUR LARGE BUSINESS.
EVERY REASON YOUR APPLICATION
SHOULD BE LEFT HERE WHEN YOU
NEED MONEY.
WE'RE READY AND WILLING
ENTIRELY NEW PAYMENT PLAN.
HOUSEHOLD LOAN CO.,
202-203 CALLAGHAN BLDG..
• MARKET AND MCALLISTER STS.
/ PHONE SOUTH 922
LOAN HEADQUARTERS. \u25a0
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ~*
601-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
fiave expenses by dealing directly. .
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property/ purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ANY salaried employe or wage earner can get
Just on his note; /• *. _ ,
Monthly. Seml-M. Weekly.
$50— Return to us.. sl3 35 $6 6T> $3 35
$30— Return to us.. 800 400 200
$20— Return to us.. 535 265 1 35
$15 — Return to us. . 400 200 100
Or any other sum, and pay back in proportion.
THE CRESCENT LOAN CO.. 500 Rialto bldg.
New Montgomery- and Mission ' ets. .
! ~" WILL LOAN I
reasonable amount on
Ist. M or 3d
Mortgages, on real estate
In city, town or country.
Low fate of interest.
Give full particulars
or property.
Location, etc
Box 223. Call »fflce.
SALARY LOANS— ~~ ~~~~~~
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment.
Call and get term*. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY " respectable private \u25a0 place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 1
per cent Interest. Baldwin's Jewelry Store,
978 Market st.; tel. Main 1644/ Branch 1132
Market st. and 27 Third Bt. -- , '
ONEY loaned to ealaried people, rtuil mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security : easy payments: large business in 40
; principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on nirnlture >or piano
without removal or otner security; lowest
rates; no commission; confidential. 506-7
Donohoe bldg., \u25a0 8 Taylor st., < corner. Market. '
LOANS to salaried people without lndorser;
prompt attention and liberal terms. The City
Loan Co.. 211 Croesley building.
ALVA CO. loans money to salaried people with-
out 6ecurlty; good -terms, easy payments;
also on gUkt eecurity. 007 J«u». Fiooa bids. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; DECEMBER. 30 y M9OS.
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND ! TRUST CO.,
21 Stockton st., near Market. '
£QSh»UMOS?c& 2d \u25a0 floor. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .'\u25a0':- \u25a0 \u25a0
Loans made to ealaried people without any
; publicity or other Inconvenience on their
notes. Loans 'on real estate in ' probate, life
Insurance policies, estates, second mort-
gages, assignments of rents, \u25a0; etc '
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgy. St., room 21.
LOANS to SALARIED PEOPLE without secur-
ity; loans on Indorsed notes and other secur-
lty. S. F. DISCOUNT AGCY.. 125-7 Phelan.
SALARIED people without security; also on
. furn., estates In probate, life ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan & Invest. Co., 612 Parrott bldg.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of interest; gold,
silver, diamonds, pearls and precious stones
. bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st. •;
ANY amount, • real estate or other . security ;
$100 up. W. J. WHITE, 26 Montgomery, r. 8.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. - Federal Loan Co., 600 Exam. bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy st.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 012 Mutual Bank bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 638 Kearny.
McGARVIE & CO.. 720 Market St.. loans money,
65 to 80 per cent of valuation of property. \u25a0
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— Ladies, all who are
sick or in trouble, consult this specialist on
female complaints; positively corrected; the
unfortunate helped; the meet difficult cases
treated: every case taken; immediate relief;
no poisoning, drugs; low fees ; my methods
will cure all cases of irregularity; consult
me: save time and money; advice free. 1037
Market et.; hours, 9 a. m. to 4, 5:30 to 8:30.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities: instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. Office hours 9 to 5, Sunday
10 to 2. IOOS^ Market at., opposite Fifth.
DR. SYLVESTER'S office, 1206 Market st.
Leading Specialist for Women.
Irregularities cured in 24 hours or no charge;
advice free; strictly private; hours 9 to 9.
DRS. GOODWIN'S herb treatment, reliable,
safe, prompt for female Irregularities; relief
or no fee; $10; hrs. 9-8. 850 Mkt. st.. suite 39.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence
1021 H Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
A— MRS. DR. GWYER, 511 A Leavenworth Bt.,
bet. Geary and O'Faxrell. Phone East C 97.
DR. W. R. MACY. reliable ladies' specialist.
906 Market St.; hours 10 to 9; Sun.. 10 to 3.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
Twenty-sixth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly. Call,
16 pag-es. in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
FOR rent — Part of store and 3 \u25a0 living rooms.
525 Taylor Bt. . \u25a0-
LARGE store; rent $15; electric lights and gaa.
618 Sixth st.
PERSOXALS.
"R-E-A-D A-G-A-I-N" and SHOW your sick
FRIENDS LAST SUNDAY and MONDAY'S
I-M-P-O-R-T-A-N-T REPORT by Editor
Engleke. regarding many WONDERFULLY
successful treatments by R-E-X-R-A-D-I-O
of "disabling" inflammatory RHEUMATISM.
DROPSY. PARALYSIS. NEURALGIA, LO-
COMOTOR ATAXIA, TOTAL DEAFNESS.
DIPSOMANIA DEAFMUTISM BRIGHT' S
and HEART diseases, etc. ADDRESSES
of the grateful patients (also WITNESSES)
given you. Offices 509 Kearny.
A FREK ill. 47-page book on piles and fistula,
containing much valuable information con-
cerning rectal diseases; sent free to any suf-
ferer Frank R. Weston. M. D., author,' suite
501-2", Donohoe bldg., Mkt. & Taylor, S. F.
J. A. WILSON'S barber shop will open for
business this morning at 302 Fourth St., after
a thorough renovating. Mr. Wilson Is the
best -barber in the .city. Give him a trial.
CREDITORS of R. Brent Mitchell who wish
to learn something to their advantage are
requested to address box 2543, Call office,
without delay.
MME. "GILLINGHAM. riermatologlet; wrinkles
absolutely removed without pain ; contour re-
stored. 114 Geary St.; tel. Montgomery 2057.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
8 BRAND new tallor-tnade rasn's suits, coat
>2T>, tor $9 "5. 440 Bush., nr. California Hotel.
$1 A WEEK; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS,
1127 Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
PHYSICIAXS AXD SURGEOXS.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor]
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
POULTRY. EGGS, ETC—- FOR SALE.
WANTED — Laying young white Leghorn hens:
state price. A. GEHL, general delivery,
Alameda.
PARTXERS WANTED.
WANTED — Partner in a good : bay and river
boat enterprise. Box 4839. Call. . \u25a0. \u25a0
PAIXTIXG AXD FAPERUAXGIXG.
PAINTING, tinting, paperhanglng done at low
•rates. 1410% Lyon et. .
ROOMS papered, $3 50 up; 75,000 rolls wallpa-
per, 5e up. Hartmann Paint Co.,' 319 Third.
- PATEXTS.
INVENTIONS patented; U. S. and foreign
patent laws. F. P. MEDINA. 532 Market st.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furnTtureT
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard at., nr. Third; phone Grant 16L
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co. '
Main office Eddy and Flllmore; tel. West 828.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut ratea.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; beat
is cheapeat; second-hand all makes, at any
price; all kinds rented lowest ratea. ? Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand. ' $3, $5. $8; slightly
used. $10, $15, $20. You knew where dolla.
swing in the window. ' 1051 Market ; at.
TYPEWRITERS AXD : SUPPLIES.
A~TYPEWRITE'R "'ITIheTbest' holiday" gitU^eT-
peclally for the boy or girl; partly used $100
machines of all makes from $20; fully guar-
antefd: rentals from $2 50 month. W.
SCOTT. 207 Montgomery st. " \u25a0. '.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 R/:mlngton, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25;.: other .typewriters - at
higher and lower prices; rentals. $2 "50. ' The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California ; st
FOR sale — Very 'cheap, - a Fisher billing : and
book writing typewriter. MUNICIPAL LOAN
OFFICE. 007 Market St. -.- -. •-.'. \\u25a0\u25a0 r .-;..-\u25a0 •
LEGAL^XOTICES. . ~~
NOTICE of Consolidation: or Mechanics' Insti-
tute and Mercantile Library Association-
Notice Is hereby; given to all whom It mar
concern that : immediately :.fter, the 'expira-
tion of one month from the date of the first
publication - of . this notice the ' above j. named
corporations .'; purpose :to '. consolidate - all . of
their and each of their. debts, property, as-
sets and franchises into one corporation, to
be known - and . styled > Mechanics' - Institute. :
Dated Dec. 26, ' 1905. ;\u25a0 Mechanics'. _ Institute, '
by. Rudolph J. Tausslp. president;. Joseph. M.'
Cumming,' secretary- Mercantile Library As-
sociation, by D. E." Miles, president; C. ; K.
'Bonestell. secretary pro tern.'. •:::.'•'•
I, THE undersigned, will \ from this date not
be held responsible, for any; debts contracted
by my wife. H. F. SCHLOTT.' .
December 29. 1005. ,
SPECIAL NOTICES. ; ~
PUBLIC Library . examinations^-Competitlve
- examinations: for positions : on -Uhe "-list of
ellglbles from which i appointments ato the
staff of the Public. Library will be made will
be . held on Saturday.' January, 13,- : 1900.*, " Per-
.' sons desiring to take these examinations must
make • application \u25a0 on ; or ..< before \u25a0' January ,-. 10,'
\u25a0v at. the office of the secretary. of ithe library,"
City, Hall. ' where , further i particulars • may ' be
• learned. -Applicants under the rules are re-
quired to be between ages of IS and 85 years.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE— CITY.
THOMAS ; MAGEE & SONS,
' Real Estate Agents and
Publishers S. F. : Real Estate Circular.
5 MONTGOMERY ST. -
$52,000 — O'Farrell -st. -.corner.- not far from
Taylor; | over 1491 49 ft. . front and also has ' three
frontages.". \u25a0
$55,000 — Corner close :.' to'-" California.:' and
Montgomery; 104 ft. of frontage on two streets.
$50,000— First st. ; \u25a0 large lot and building. .
$50,000 — Jones, not far from Market; over 50
ft. of frontage and full depth, with rear front-
age. \u25a0;' "'• / ! ,': . •\u25a0 .' - \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 ,'\u25a0' ' ' \u25a0:\u25a0 ;
$47,000— Powell-st. corner, 220 front feet;
rents low at $280; can bring In $350 month.
$45,000— 68:9x137:6; near Turk and Larkin;
flno site for improvement. -• \u25a0 .V,
$45,000— Large Western Addition corner with
very good - and new 3-story building .of j stores
and flats;. this property pays 9 per cent gross.
.; $41,000 — Larkln-st. • corner; good: building;
under lease. \u25a0' r\u25a0 ' \u25a0 .
-. $40,000 — Near Polk and, Sutter; excellent-
sized lot and permanent epace adjoining; im-
provements consist of large building under
lease. \u25a0\u25a0 .. '. \u25a0' : ' \u25a0 - -- '\u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0 ' "\u25a0 •'\u25a0
$40,000— Van Ness corner; substantial build-
ing; leased at $200 a month. . ,"
$40,000 — Geary st., near Larkin; 68:9 ft.
front by 120' ft. deep; cheap*
$35,000— Larkin st.; fine frontage and 2 good
buildings; rents $193 a month. \u25a0 . -
$35,0U0 — Mission St., through to Jessie; rents
$100 now with temporary improvements. -
$35,000 — Sutter fit. ; north side, with rear
frontage; right in the family hotel district; a
fine buy. We have responsible tenant who
v.-ants 4-story apartment house built and will
take 10 years', lease.
$35,000— Thlrd-st. corner and adjoining lot;
excellent prospective locality. .
$32,000— McAllister st., near Leavenworth,
with Improvmeents.
$32,000^ — Corner close to Van Ness and Turk,
almost 135 ft. frontage on 2 streets ; old im-
provements on it now bring in $105 a month.
$32,000—50x137:6; close to Geary and Leav-
enworth: . fine site to Improve later. '. v;
$30,000^ — Van Ness aye. corner; 40 ft., front
by large depth.
$30,000— Near O'Farrell and Mason; 25 ft.
101. and fair building; under lease. • \u25a0
$30,000 — Van Ness aye. corner; 35 ft. front;
in excellent locality.
$28,000— Post at.; not far from Mason; good
4-story and 'basement building leased for $135
a month and can pay better rent. •••;- ..
$27,600 — Van Ness aye. corner, close to Mar-
ket; frame improvements paying $145 a month.
$26,000* — Bush-st. corner, not far from Jonps;
over 175 1 ft. of frontage on 2 streets; rents Irom
temporary improvements are $121 a month;
tills corner Is suitable for many purposes.' ,
\u25a0 $25,000 — Large Jackson-st. corner under lease
for 5 years; paying very good income.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
SAN MATEO PARK.
A perfect spot In a perfect country: 24 min-
utes by Bay Shore Cutoff from San Francisco;
trains will be In operation by next August; no
ferry-boats nor changes; all a land' ride.
Lots are 100x125; sewers and water piped
laid; roads macadamized; shade trees plantad,
and a view that none on the peninsula can
equal; the elevation gives the view; 100 feet
for $700!!
Go down there Sunday and' pick out your lot.
and on January 1, 190G, have your own land
Instead of paying for some other person's;
terms 1-5 cash, balance to suit.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 2 Post st.
FRANK S. GRUMMON, San Mateo
and Burllnjrafhe.
SELLING
TO BEAT THE BAND.
. ONLY $1 25 A WEEK.
$275— Elegant level building lots, close to
school; fine car service on Mission st. ; cream of
the Excelsior Homestead; stop paying rent and
raise the baby where the ozone is not polluted
with dust and smoke, to say nothing of the
deadly microbe: no interest and no taxes.
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS.
ONLY $10 A MONTH.
$400 for finely located lots 3 blocks south
of the park; electric car service unexcelled;
enhancing In value with' every stroke of the
clock; buy now; next week may be too late;
"Nat Goodwin" Is not the only man that ap-
preciates this beautiful section; no taxes.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
26 Montgomery st.. room 8.
$40,000— ELEGANT new flats; near Hyde and
Clay cts. ; lot over 50 feet frontage; select:
neighborhood; first-class, i condition; rents '
$320 a- month. \u25a0 -~ j
BALDWIN A. HOWELL. 25 ' Post at. .
$2000 CASH will buy brand new first-class 7-
room residence on the east' tilde of 4th aye.,
between Clement and California att.; bal-
ance to suit purchaser. HENRY BUR-
ROWS. owner and builder.
ABOUT $1000 cash, bal. at $50 monthly, will
buy NE. cor. with a handsome, new 6-room
house; cars pass door. See Moise. 417 Market.
ATTRACTIVE bargains in city real estate
only of BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Montgomery
at.. San Franclaco. - . . •
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market at., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. . m.
REAL ESTATE—COUNTRY — For Sale.
YOUR OPPORTUNITY
TO SECURE A HOME.
CHOICE 10-ACRE TRACTS
IN SUTTER COUNTY.
BEST ORCHARD LAND
IN CALIFORNIA
AT EXTREMELY REASONABLE PRICES.
\u25a0 Address P. O; Box 51. YubaClty.
WANTED — Country real estate in all parts of
California. JOHNSON INVESTMENT CO ,
1305 Broadway. Oakland. '
ALFALFA Irrigated lands. $25 per : acre; $1
\u25a0;dowr, $1' month; no Interest. -Pamphlets at
INDEX LAND B. CO., 241 Crossley bid.
A STAMP brings our free catalogue of country
land. BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Montgomery
St., San Francisco.
FOR rent— Fruit and poultry ranch near Hay-
warda. 105 Larkin. 6 to 9. evea. and Sunday.
alta piedmont tract.
"~""~~~ \u25a0~-->~~»--
good size lot
at a sacrifice.
All street work complete.
Small cash -i payment required. '
Mortgage can stand. islilffif
IT IS A SNAP.
MUST SELL.
Phone Oakland 3432. \u25a0"
-\u25a0 - 46& Eleventh gt., Oakland. .V
PALO ALTO REAL ESTATE.
CO-OPERATIVE Land and Trust Co.'. are the*
owners of large blocks of real estate In "The
-'. Twin" Cities," Palo • Alto and Mayneld, ' the
Stanford -.University towns : . large lots $300
and up; cements walks;: graded streets, : etc:;
email monthly ;' payments; . country r property;
houses _: for ; rent. » San ' Francisco ; office, 72©
\u25a0Market: phone Front 31. Salesmen wanted, h
BAY REAL ESTATE.
FINE \u25a0 beach ;; lot -^ 50x165; - 2 \u25a0 frontages; cheap
Addresa b0x. 2746, Call office.- , • : \u25a0.
VERXMEXT LAND.
WE will locate you on good Government land":
. you are entitled : to 320 acres of Government
- land, ,160 acres of agricultural land and also
160 acres of a timber claim. .Call, and see us
* ; i«t 614 A Jones at i' Tel. East 4733:; PACIFIC
LOCATING. DEVELOPINO AND COLONI-
ZATION> COMPANY. c
REAL; ESTATE WANTED^"""
LAND wanted if or 'subdivision; will buy out-
right or will; Join owner In booming addition
* : or town' site.. T MAXWELL, '- r.v 578,' James
Flood 'building. ".v \u25a0;."-•\u25a0:: :-j;^ .---..:\u25a0-'<:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.--. V \u0084 ,
"f\ REAL ESTATE TO i EXCHANGE. : '\u25a0:.
FINE "\u25a0 lots ' to exchange for ' house . and lot. 1 :;' P"-
C. .LASSEN & CO. . 4C6 Tenth . at.. Oakland, d:
iWANTED-^-Qobdi WANTED-^-Qobd city and country real estate \
'\u25a0•. BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Montgomery at.. S.F.'
:; ; PROPOSALB.' :;.' • {::.;\u25a0;\u25a0';;.:;
\u25a0"\u25a0 Scaled \u25a0\u25a0 proposals. In --triplicate,'.' wlir be re-
• ceived • here ' until 11 '\u25a0: o'clock ; a. < m.". ! January
\u25a0^ 30,' 1006, and . then opened for the construction :
-1 of 1" shelter i for \u25a0 search • light ? truck at • Fort
- Miley," Cal. : , 2 at . Presidio ; of San • Francisco;
\u25a0; - Cal., and 1 , at Fort Baker, Cal; .' Government
- ' rpserves the | right 1 to reject : or ' accept ! any; or
\u25a0";; all \ bids 2in 'whole •or .< In -\u0084 part." 'A Plans »-• and :
\u25a0. specifications "may -be -seen, at °" the -: office • of
'- " COL. WM. >. S.I PATTEN. 1 , Assistant ' Quarter-
master General, Chief Q. 1L .
BERKELEY AD^R^S'NTS
BERkELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2000— ON easy terms; one new ! 4-room bunga-
| low cottage; near, corner Russell and Wheeler
** sts. ;•\u25a0 justi completed: : up-to-date plumbing;
house complete In every respect; rooms tint-
led; electric fixtures; gas for heating; shades;
.; walks; ' street .work all done; only . 3 blocks
\u25a0 ' from Ashby station ; one block to ' car line;
lot 34-feet front; owner was offered $18 rent
v per month: . \ :
ALSO.
-,- $3250— Terms easy; : one 6-room* 1%-story
house ; ' corner - lot ; everything up . to date and
complete; will ; rent $30 per month. ' Apply
owner.- 1561 Twenty-third aye., Oakland, or on
premises every ; day during; working hours; on
Sundays. from 1 to 4 p. m> :
| . \u25a0\u25a0_--,\u25a0•\u25a0 -\u0084- 'A SNAP.
- $1950 only, for a 6-room cottage In Berkeley;
near Key Route and local train. P. C. LAS-
SEN & CO.. 4U6 Tenth st.. Oakland. CaL
OAKLANI) APVEBrS'M'TS
OFFICE. 1018 BROADWAY.
; OAKLAND RE AL^ ESTATK.
IT MIGHT AS WELL BE YOU.
When I set out to sell a lot It is bound to go.
This lot Is going to be sold so low that the
buyer can make a good turn on the Invest-
ment right away. \u25a0;
One of the most desirable lots in the beauti-
ful Alta Piedmont Tract.: Almost at your own
figure;. --Street work, sidewalks, sewers, water
and gaa mains complete. All ready to build
upon riant now. \u25a0
FINE RESIDENCE NEAJ* BY.
. MAGNIFICENT , VIEW.
It Is. going at a sacrifice if sold at once.
See me to-day or reach me by phone Main
5704.
W. J. WHITE, 26 Montgomery at... room 8.
EAST OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— s27so, worth $4000; lot 34x150; ' B-
room house,' bath, high basement; good barn,
windmill and tank; fine water; 2 electric
car lines pass property; 15 minutes to local
train; part cash. Apply to owner. 1561
Twenty-third aye.. Oakland. .
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furniture.
H. Schellhaas. 11th st.. cor. store, Oakland.
San Francisco Advert Vents
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. '
CLEVELANd7~I2— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; $125 per week; $5 per month;
single rooms. $125 per week.
DEVISADERO, 1810— Sunny front rooms f ur-
nUhed for housekeeping; in nice, new fiat;
$17 50 per month; gas. bath. .
ELEVENTH, 106— EJegant front parlors; gas
range, water, bath; piano if desired; $18.
ELEVENTH, 223 — Nice, newly furnished rooms
with use of dining-room and kitchen; $14 per
month; also single irooms.
ELLIS, 1 800 — Nicely furnished, double,' connect-
ing rooms; also single rooms; phone, running
water, etc.
FILLMORE. 1033 — Nicely furnished or unfur-
' furnished eunny rooms to let; reasonable
rates. ' .-' •
FOURTH, 225 — Suite nice housekeeping rooms;
also single.
FOURTH, 491— Neatly furnished rooms com-
plete for light housexeeplng; also single
rooms; reasonable.
GEARY, 917 — Fine,' sunny rooms to let, com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping; gae
range, bath., water, etc.; from $10 up per
month. ' . , . -
GEARY, 1225— 3 nice furnished rooms in cot-
tage, complete for housekeeping; piano In-
cluded; rent only $23; all conveniences.
GEARY, 1225 — Finely furnished large front
suites complete for housekeeping, baths and
all conveniences; alao other rooma at very
reasonable rates. - •• -
HAIGHT, '226 — Nice . rooms, completely fur-,
nlshed for housekeeping; convenient and /
pleasant. \u25a0 * : :, - . *•- . , • fil>
HAVES. \u25a0 1779, near Masonic aye. — Single, aun-
ny, furnished and | unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping.. with' separate kitchen; reas. • - ;
HOWARD. 823 — Large, sunny, \u25a0\u25a0 furnished room;
light hekpg.; couple or 2or 3 girls; $3 50 wk. ;
JACKSON. 15S0— Nicely furnished front rooms
(or housekeeping; bath, laundry, grate,' gas ;
range, etc. ; reasonable rates. ; \u25a0\u25a0'... -.
JESSIE. 323— Sunny room, furnished for house-
keeping, gas range, sink, $2 75.
LEAVENWORTH, 1010— Nicely furnished, sun- "
ny front rooma for housekeeping, with kitchen.
LARKIN, 1042 — Sunny, unrurnlshed housekeep-
ing rooms. .
MARKET. 1027H— Nice front suite of house-
- keeping rooms with gas; other rooms; light
housekeeping. r .
MCALLISTER. 405, corner -Polk— Neatly fur- '
nlshed. sunny rooms, single or en suite, com-
• plete for housekeeping; nice location. -
MINNA, 452 — Neatly furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping; also single rooms; desirable
for one or two gentlemen. , •
MINNA, 573. near Seventh— Large front room, .i
sunny kitchen and yard; no gas.
MISSION. 030»4 — Fine, large, sunny rooms In
suites completely furnished for light house- .
keeping; moderate rental; good location. ]
OAK, 117, or 14 Page — Complete for house-
keeping; $5 to $12; hot bath- laundry; adults.
PAGE, 840 (corner)— Nicely furnished - rooms, Z
complete for housekeeping; sun all day; rea-
sonable rental. : ?_ ".
PERRY. 205. near Fourth — Furnished house-
keepln'g rooms at reasonable prices. j
POLK, 267. near McAllister— Nicely furnished
bay-window suites; . running water, phone,
; etc. ; also good unfurnished rooms. j
SIXTH, 31)3 — Nicely furnished sunny bay win-
dow rooms for housekeeping; $10 and $12 per
month. . *. . , - : \
SIXTH, 43«& — Nicely furnished single or
double rooms complete for light housekeep-
ing; nice quiet family; rent very reasonable, j
SEVENTH, .154 — Neatly furnished housekeep- i
Ing rooms with gas and bath; $4 per week.
STEVENSON, 255 — Housekeeping rms., $1 75 a
: week; light rm. with single bed, $125 week.
SUTTER,- 871 — Nicely furnished rooms com- -
plete for housekeeping, ' either single or al- c
• cove. suites; -sun all day. \u25a0.\u25a0'-. '
SUTTER! 2302— Elegantly furnished eunny
.- suites for \u25a0\u25a0 housekeeping; regular kitchen;
phone; piano; reasonable. ;. ~
THIRD. 231 — Two clean housekeeping suites,
$10 to $20 month ; single , rooms, $2 week up.
THIRD, '354^4— Nice sunny ; housekeeping
rooms ; to \u25a0 let at ' reasonable rates. . ' \u25a0
TENTH,' 162 — Nicely i furnished -. sunny front
rooms for housekeeping; suites $12 per month.
Single furnished rooms- $6 per month. ..--.
TURK, i 802-^-Nice and convenient . - furnished _
rooma complete for housekeeping; gaa range, i
..-'... water.; etc.: reasonable rent. ' \u25a0 " - -
TURK 1159 — Nice front suite: for light house-
keeping In .new modern flat; also fine single
- rooms at very, reasonable rates; single rooms
-.' desirable for students who. can have 'board
If desired; nice quiet family. V : ':. '\u25a0\u25a0;. •;\u25a0'
TWENTIETH. 2609, cor. Valencia— Nicely 7
\u25a0 \u25a0 furnished , • rooms for ' housekeeping ; regular
-, kitchen.- \u25a0•.--' \u25a0-'; . - .: ' '\u25a0:• .\u25a0••-.'-' \u25a0
TWENTY-FIRST, 3267— Tw0 sunny, front.
bay-window rooms;; alcove, bath. Apply 371
-. Lexington aye. \u25a0 : - . . --.
VAN NESS aye.; ,712— Nicely furnished single
.rooms at $6 'per 'month; also other rooms at
. reasonable rates. :\u25a0; . \u25a0- •
.VAN. NESS ave.;<6l9 — Nicely furnished, sunny E
\u25a0rooms; from $7, up, per month, with or with-
out housekeeping ; privileges;: . • \u25a0. : ; . . : ;- .
WALLER. -71/ nr. Octa via and Market— Nicely
.furn.. suite; sunny -rooms: new; .fine view.,.
- ; APARTMENT
NEW \u25a0 4-story^* corner^ apartment-house;: sunny' ;_
\u25a0 elde; open for Inspection* and reservation ;: all ' t
•' suites • have modern kitchens; electric lights," \u25a0
. ;• etc. Apply 231 9th st; opp. ; tel.', Howard 2670.
A— KENILWORTH.- cor. Bush, Powell— 3- room
.' -sunny ; a parts. ; single* rooms; \u25a0 modern; ' reas.
STIERLIN; 957 . Hayes— 2 '\u25a0 beautiful; ; sunny. ' 4-
V room apts., unfur.; see them at once; $25-s3(>.
ROSSWELL Apartments, 'lB6o Pine, near, Hyde —
-..; — 2.'- 3 \u25a0 and 4 rooms, ; . with ; bath ; \u25a0' steam ' heat. D
:-, ROOMS TO I.FT— -Furn. and Vn/arn.
HOTEL : ST." KATHRYN.V- .
\u25a0; vi f Corner Ellis and \u25a0 Leavenworth stt..
• -\u25a0 In 'the: heart of the city.'
360 \u25a0 rooms; ' 100 • baths. ; —
.''. Modern ; In -: every: detail. D
': . Rates •\u25a0 $3 ; to <$16 ;\u25a0 per • week. : . '.
." . Rooms, with ',: privates. bath, : $1 \u25a0 day.
•'--\u25a0.•\u25a0• a TourlBt ; travel solicited. ;. y. :-\u25a0 - -
ASH ' ave^',- : 22. : near ;" Polk /sunny ','.
room; quiet, private family; $7; central. \u25a0 ..
> P OOMS TO LET— Furn. and' Unfarn.
- A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth st—Rooma
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
' light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
r BELMOND House, over Owl Drugstore: 2 en-
trances. : 1126 Market and, 21 Turk— Electric
lights, running water in every room; 200
; rooms; 25c to 50c per night, $1 25 to $4 week.
» BUSH, 324. (The Elmer)— Fine furnished sunny
• rooma by the day. week or month; cen-
1 trally located.
BUSH, 775-^-Newly furnished sunny rooms to
t Jet; running water, baths, etc.; rent reduced;
1 board If desired. N
\ BUSH, 1940— Nicely . furnished rooms suitable
, for two or • three gentlemen; sunny and
pleasant: reasonable. - " \u25a0 \u25a0. ...
BURTON Hotel. 1126 Howard St.— loO rooms,
; new house; modern: $1 25 to $3 per week.
- CALIFORNIA. 1424— Sunny front furnished
. rooms to let; all new.
DSVISADERO. 1814— Nfcely furnished sunny
i rms.; up-to-date flat; ptlvate family; reas.
. EDDY, 833— Nicely furnished front rooms; also
others; very convenient; hot and cold water;
reasonable. v
EDDY. 878 — A modern flat; newly furnished; 2
or S room suite; single rooms; beautiful house-
keeplng rooms; plenty of light and sunshine.
ELLIS. 323 — Elegant furnished suites with
bath; reasonable ratc-s; single rooms* $2 50
week and up.
• ELLIS.. 777 (Hotel Jerome) — Newly opened;
elegantly furnished single rooms and suites;
private baths and all modern conveniences;
• special rates will be given tourtata.
f FOLSOM. 1805— Nicely furnished rooms all
1 new, with gaa and bath, from $1 50 week up.
FULTON, 231— Single rooms; all Improve-
ments; gentlemen; walking distance Market.
GFARY, 376 — Rooms to let: single, double and
1 en suite; rents reasonable.
GEARY. ' 637. near Jones — Nicely furnished
! single and double rooms to let; rent reason-
able; walking distance.
GEARY, CCO — Large light sunny furnished front
' rooms; other rooms; upper flat. / ;.. \u25a0\u25a0
j GOLDEN GATE aye., 428— Nicely furnished,
I sunny room.
HAIGHT, 892— Nice sunny rooms; single or
\u25a0 en suite.
. HICKORY aye., 251— Completely furnished
rcoms to let.
HOTEL Hamilton and cafe, 125 Ellis, bet.
Powell & Mason sta.. S. F. — Rms $1 to $3 per
day; steam heat & telephone in each room.
JONES. 1316 — Two fine :aunny unfurnished
. rooms; reasonable. _j
LARKIN, 819%— Sunny front room, aultable
for lady or gentleman. $8 per month. \u25a0
LEXINGTON aye., 135, bet 18th and 19th—
Nicely furnished room In Mission warm belt;
\u25a0 rent very reasonable; quiet family. \u25a0
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 129 Third at.— loo
single and family rooms. 35c to $1 50 ver
day; $2 to $8 week; the only new and modern
i hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
- . that has office on ground floor: hot and cold
v.ater, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room, and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and night to Its guests.
MISSION. 823— Sunny furnished rooms, $1 50
per week up.
O'FARRELL. 375 — Nice neat furnished rooms
to let; also other rooms for light house-
keeplng If desired.
O'FARRELL, 532 (Dolores)— Elegant furnished
sunny suites and single rooms; all modern
conveniences, elevator, etc.; reasonable rates.
PINE. 2892 — Nice furnished room for gentle-
man; reasonable.
POST. 217 — Rooms to let, single and en suite,
nicely furnished: very convenient to busi-
ness center.
POWELL. 239— Nice furnished sunny front
rooms single or en suite; gas grate, bath,
running water. (
RIO VISTA HOTEL. 253 Third St.. near How-
ard — New house with modern conveniences;
. rooms en suite and single; rates by day. 35c
up; by week. $2 up; baths free to guests.
SUTTER, 361 (Larchmont) — Fine furnished
rooms, with all modern conveniences; elevator
all night: $3 per week and up: transient.
, STEVENSON, 797% — Fine furnished single
/ rooms from $1 25 per week; private house.
TURK. 204 — Fine furnished large sunny rooms
to let: running water: good location; $1 75
per week and up.
VAN XESs aye., 631 — Nicely furnished large
sunny rooms to let: walking distance: reas.
WASHINGTON. 1406. corner Leavenworth —
Nicely furn. rms: select family; marine view.
UNITED STATES, 123. Eddy, near Market — *00
rocros, 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $8 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read-room: free bus, baggage.
WHNCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable, 700 rooms.
35c to $1 50 nightly. $2 to $8 week; elevator:
elec. lights: readlr.g-room; free bus, baggage.
WOLF House, cor. 6th and Howard — No better
transient house In city; rooms 15c to 50c
per night; 00d to $3 per week. .
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tton of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at lOCS Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
VAN NESS aye.. SOO. cor. Eddy (The Alta
Vista)— Elegantly furnished sunny rooms
with excellent table beard; reasonable rates.
EDDY. 530 (Hotel Garland) — Newly furnished
suites; modern and up-to-date; single rooms
and private baths;' excellent table board;
reasonable rates.
MISSION, 2576 — Nice sunny room; running
water; suitable for young lady attending
school who wishes to stay . in city during
\u25a0 school days. ' ,
CALIFORNIA, 1350— Nicely furnished rooms
and board in good Spanish family; American
and Spanish cooking; references.
HYDE, 612 A —Newly furnished rooms In nice,
quiet Tamlly; good table board with home
cooking; single $22 50 per month: for two $13.
EDDY. 722— Nicely furnished rooms with all
'comforts of home; convenient; German cook-
Ing; reasonable ratea.
LIBERTY. 30— Fine furnished double and «io-
. gle room*; hot and cold water; baths and all
conveniences; excellent table board. '
VAN NESS aye., 503 (Hotel McAllister) — Ele-
gant furnished suites; private baths; line
table board; good location./
GEARY, 640 fMalson : Tence) — Fine front
. aultea; splendid -French table board: reas.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Hlbernia Savings and Loan So-
ciety, cor. Market, McAllister and Jones ats..
San Francisco, December 29, 190o — At a reg-
ular meeting of the Board of Directors of
thla society, held this day, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
half (3%) per cent per annum on all depos-
its for the «ix months ending December 31.
1905. free from all taxes, and payable on
and after January 2. 1906. -
. ROBERT J.TOBIN. Secretary.
THE DEBENTURE SURETY COMPANY has
declared and will pay ; its regular monthly
dividend for December (No. 29) of 5 cents
per share, and it has also declared an extra
holiday dividend of 5 cents per share, both
payable January 2, 1906. at the office of
the company," Rlalto building San Francisco
Cal. ,--. - J. E. KERR. Manager. '
DIVIDEND notice.. German Savings and Loan
Society. 628 California St.— For the half year
ending- Dec. 31, 1905. a dividend haa been de-
clared at the rate of three and six-tenths
(3 6-10) per cent per annum on all deposits
free of taxes, payable on and after Tuesday
Jan. 2, 1906. Dividends not called for are
added. to and bear the same rate of interest
as the principal from Jan. 1, 1906. GEORGE
TOURNY.V-gecretary/ .
DIVIDEND notice — Italian- American Bank
4«0 Montgomery st., cor. Sacramento— For
the half year ending December 31, 1905 a
dividend has been declared on all savings de-
posits at the, rate, of, 3 60-100 per cent per
annum, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday. January 2. 100«. Dividends' ; not
called for. are. added to and bear the same
rate of Interest as the principal. ..A. E
SBARBORO. .Cashier.
THE ; Continental Building and Loan AMOcia-
tlon of 301 California st.. San Francisco, has
declared a dividend for the six months ending
December 31,. 1905. of 5 per cent per annum
\u25a0 on ordinary •\u25a0 deposits, ' 6 per cent on term de-
posits and 6 ' per cent - on. class "P" stock,
payabl-a on and after January 6. 190 ft.= -
\u25a0;•_- WASHINGTON DODGE. President
WILLIAM CORBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Humboldt Savings Bank
• , 628 Market 'St.,'. opp. Palace Hotel — For the
half year ending December 31, 1905, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of three
and ; sixty, one-hundredths (3.60) per cent per
annum on : deposits, free of all taxes, pay-
able on and after. Tuesday, January -2. l»ort.
:.. W: E. , PALMER, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice — Security- Savings Bank
"316 Montgomery st. — For the half year end-
, V Ing December 30, - 1905. dividends upon all
deposits at? the rate" of three and one-half
:.-(3%)rper cenfper annum, free of taxes.'. will.
be payable 'on and . after - January 2. 1908.'
FRED W. RAY, Secretary. *
DIYDJEND NOTICES — Continued.
DIVIDEND notice.— Savings and Loan Society.
101 Montgomery st.. corner of Sutter, ha*
- declared a dividend for the term ending De-
cember 31. 1906. at the rata of three and
one-half (3%) per cent per annum, on all
deposits, free of taxes. And payable on and
after January 2. 1906. Dividends not called
for are added to and bear the same rate ot
Interest as principal. EDWIN BONNELL.
cashier. .
DIVIDEND Notice. California Safe Deposit and
Trust Co., corner California and Montgomery
sta. For the six months ending December
31. 1905. dividends have been declared, on th*
deposits In the savings department of this
company as follows: On term deposits, -at
the rate of S 6-10 per cent per »wm?TT» x anj
on ordinary deposits at the rata of 3V» per
cent per annum, free of taxes, and oayabU
on and after Tuesday. January 2. 194& J.
DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
DIVIDEND Notice — Italian- American Bank.
460 Montgomery it., corner Sacramento and
Montgomery sts. For tne half year ending
December 31. 1905. a dividend has been de-
clared on all savings deposits at the rat* of
8 60-100 per cent per annum, free of taxes,
payable on and after Tuesday. January 2.
1906. Dividends not called for are added to
and bear th» earns rate of Interest as th»
• principal. A. E. SBARBORO. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice. Mechanics' Savings Ffl"'« J
143 Montgomery st., corner. Bush — For th*
half year ending December 31. 1905. a divi-
dend has been declared on all savings de-
posits, free of taxes, at the rate ot three and
one-half (3%) per cent per annum, payabl*
on and after Tuesday, January 2. 1908. Divi-
dends not* called for are added to \u25a0"\u25a0} bear
the same rate of Interest as principal. Inter*
eat paid from date of deposit.
. JNO. U. CALKINS. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Mutual Savings Bank
of San Francisco, 710 Market St.— For th*
half-year ending December 31. 1906. a divi-
dend haa been declared at the rate of thre*
and one-halt (3Vs) per cent per annum on
all deposits, compounding seml-annually.
free of taxes, and payable on and after
Tuesday, January 2. 1906.
' QEO. A. STORT. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice. San Francisco Savings
Union, 632 California St.. cor. Webb — For th*
half year ending with Dec. 31. 1905. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rates per an-
num ot three and six-tenths (3 6-10) per cent
on term deposits and three and one-third
(3 1-3) per cent on ordinary deposits, fre* ot
taxes, payable on and after Tuesday. Jan.
2. 1906. LOVELL WHITE, cashier.
THE Central Trust Company of California, 43
Montgomery st., corner of Sutteir — For th*
half year ending December 31, 1905, a divi-
dend has been declared on the deposits la
the savings department of this bank as fol-
lows: On term deposits at the rate of 3 8-li>
per cent per annum and on ordinary deposits
at the rate of 3>£ Per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after Tuesday. January 2, 1906.
HENRY BRUNNER. Cashier.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK. 315 Montgomery
\u25a0t.; for the half year ending Dec. 31, 1905.
a dividend has been declared at the rate of
three and one-half (3Vi) per cent per an-
num on all deposits, free ot taxes, payabl*
on or after January 2. 1908. LEON BOC-
Q.UERAZ. Secretary.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
NORCROSS Institute cures stammering- new
scientific, complete. Office. Market & Taylor.
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
Engraved wedding invitations, vleiUng & busjT
ncsa cards,' crests, etc.; high-class work- mod-
eraf rates. J. H. Duncan. 128 Kearny, n. 1-2.
MARRIAGE LICENSES,
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yeaterday:
William C. Prescott. 21. 410 Post street, and
Llda E. Grinneuer. IS. 21 Collingwood street.
Gerhard A. Peterson. 23. 4t» Waller street,
and May Rasmussen. 26. 223 Eleventh street.
William Gyldenfeldt. 32. Los Angelas, and
Dagmar Negendahl. 24 Los Angeles.
Colin Thompson, 00, city, and Jessey
Frazer, 42, city.
William G. Moore, 23. 342 Taylor street, and
Margaret S: Renwlcb. 27. 342 Taylor street.
Harry R- Ward. 21, 22 Rlnggold street, and
Genevieve Ltddle. 13, 125 Duboc* avenue.
Frederick E. Ward. 23, ISI2 O'Farrell a tree t.
and Phebe T. Watkins. 21, 51S Laguna street.
Erneat J. Spence, 22. 130 Valley street, and
Katie C. Ferry. 21. 3810 Folsom street.
Adolf Manacka. 44, 1110 Fclsom street, and
Marie Kail. 28. city.
Charles A. Kilborn. 21, 1821 Fifteenth street,
and Mary A. McDonald. 20, 2110 Stelner street
Hugh Klnnard, 24, 1717 Golden Gate avenue,
and Lena H. Sill. 41. 1049 A Market street.
John-T. Clancy. 24. 1303 Montgomery street,
and Mary J. McKenna. 23, 130 Clara street.
Louts W. Schmitt. 23, 2 Morris avenue, and
Harriette D. Hale. 21. 571 Hermann street.
Herman E. Meyer. Z4. 536 Sixth street, and
Margaret Jones. 16. 205 Turk street.
John H. Hicks. 21. Santa Rosa. Nl.N 1 . Mex..
and Katherlne Adams. 18, 954 Aahbury gtreet.
Ulysses Nicholson. S3. Ingalls. Ind., and
Lillian H. Grigsby. 27, Tulare.
James B. Bowie, 2S, 1.T52 Minna street, and
Maßda A. Ny«eth. 25. 1703 Church street.
\u25a0Edward T. McCartney. 21, 2568 Folsom
street, and Theresa C. Ryan, IS. 131 Haw-
thorne street.
William Bray. 30. Santa Crux, and Fanny
E. K. Cooper. 23. Waking. England.
;i BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATBSL
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
son.* authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge."
MARRIED.
CRAIG — STARK— In this city, December -2S.
1905. by the Rev. Robert J. Craig. Herman
Stark and Louelia I. Taber. both ot this city.
SPENCER— GRANT— In this city, De.-ember
1». 1903. in St. James Church, Richmond
district, by the Rev. S. J. Lee. Joseoh
Spencer and Anna M. Grant.
YOUNG— BARBER— In this city. December"
27.1!)C5, by the Rev. James 11. N. Wllltams.
William H. Young of Stockton and Elizabeth
J. Barber cf San Francisco.
DIED.
Billings, Catherine, tS Liddell. - Wm.. 3d
Brewer, Wm. A. P.,sti McGee. Delia, 22
Cahill. Edward F.. 37 McKenna. Patrick. »O
I?ou»n3, Su*san A.. 58 McKinnie," Mrt. ' St.. 8U
Cunningham. (.K'o., in-Manu*. Jia T.. U5
Dalldorf, Rudolph. 62 Mack. Henry. 5»
Daly. Peter; 52 Maher. Pbilix>, 73 .
De Flandre. Chas.. CO Mangels. J. H., 53
Donnelly, Hannah. Matheson, Chas.. .;i>
Fanning. Mary. tO Meek, James, 62
Flanagan, Bridget, 67 Mulltns, Mary J.. 83
Fletcher. 3 months O'Connor, Thomas. 70
Fritz. Gustave, 2t> O'K«efe. Daniel
Gough. Leo W.. 5 Pike. F. Harry. 41
Graham, William. 44 Reid. Bernlce. 2S *
Henry. Isabella, 50 Ross-Cormack. John.39
Hinds. Ambrose. »7 Schuber. Elvlna, 44
Kearney. James T. Smlddy, Edward. 34
Kelley. Maggie, 44 Turpin. John, «2
Kenney. Katie J.
811 LINGS — In this city. December 23, 1005,
Catherine Billings, beloved mother of Wil-
liam 11.. Annie and Edward Billings and
Mrs. O. F. Peterson, a native of Ireland,
aged HS years 8 months and 15 days.
E7Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
" dence 7— Fourteenth street, near Market
and "Church, thence to Mission Dolores
Church for services, commencing at 12:3O
; : v p. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BREWER — In San Mateo. December 28, 1908,
William P. A. Brewer, beloved father of
Amy. Leonore *nd Frank Brewer, a native
of Boston. Mass., aced 56 years and 11
months.
Ey Services and Interment private.
CAHILL— In thU city. December 2S. 1305.
.Edward F-. son of Eliza and the lata James
Cahllt, and brother of John Cahill. a native
of San Francisco, aged 37 years.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30> o'clock a. m.. from th*
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 224-24 McAlllstur
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, for '
services, commencing at 9:43 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross, Cemetery.
COLLINS— In this city, December ' 28. 1806.
Sussan Ann Collins, beloved wife of the lat»
William F. Collins, and mother of Mrs. F.
D. Rees. J. F. Hardec and Dot and Albert
Collins, a native of lowa, axed 53 years 10
months and 14 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday. '
at 10 o'clock a. m., from the mortuary chapel
of the Golden - Gate Undertaking Company.
2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ..
CUNNINGHAM— In this city. December 27,
1905, George, brother of James Cunningham,
and uncle of Annie and Elizabeth Doyle and
Mrs. -Alexander Stewart, a native of Ireland,
ased 55 years. ....
E7 Notice of funeral hereafter. Remalna
CHAS. H. J. TRUMAN & CO.
The Leading
FUNERAL DIRECTORS
Of San Francisco.
1909 MISSION STREET
. Bet. 15th and 18th. Telephone Mlsssm 109
1314
at the parlors cf J. C. O'Connor &. Co.. 767
<illßs:cu street, between Third and Fourth.
DALLDOIiI' I—ln1 — In thus city, December 2S, 1905,
Rudolph T. Dalldorf, beloved brother of
Meta H. Kroer.k?. and devoted uncle of
\ugutt E. and Edward H. Kroenke, Mrs. O.
i; Moyr.lhan, Mrs. Adolph Meese, Mrs.
Charlea* Packer, Mrs. John \V inters and Mrs.
\WMiam Ludwiz a native of Otterndorf
Provinz Hanover, Germany, aged ii~ years
JO months and -*0 days. A member 01 the
NorddeuUicher Verein.
OC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Sunday) at 2 p. m.. irom the residence or
his sister. 57 Hartford street, between Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth and Noe and Castro.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Pic-a*e
emit flowers,
DALY— In this city. December 28, 190.\ P eter -
beloved husband cf Mary A. Daly, and
father of James P., John A.. Mary E. and
Margaret J. Daly, & native of County Cavan,
Ireland, aged 52 years.
p-yrifiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Eunday). at JO o'clock a. m.. from his laic
retidence. 1»24 CJay street, thence to a.
Dominies Church for services. Interment
Holy Crow Cemetery-
DB FLANDRE— Ia ibis city. December 29.
19C5. Cbarles. beloved husband of Marie
Madeline De Flandre. and father of Eliza-
beth. Blanche and Qharles De Flandre. a
native of Gu«-bwiller, aired 36 years and 2
months (New York papers please copy.)
CTThe funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. at
fcie late residence, 4 Twelfth street, corner
Market. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth ana
Guerrero streets tt 2 p. m.
DONXELLY — In this city, December 27, ll»05.
Hannah Donnelly, eister of Mrs. Thomaa
Shewbridge and Anne Donnelly, & native of
County Hotcommon, Ireland.
EyKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 32 Chenery street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a requiem high mass
will bo celebrated for the repose cf her souL
commencing at »:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Croc« Cemetery-
FANXIXO— In this city. December 29, 1905.
Mary Fanalns:, beloved wife of Thomas J.
Fanning, and loving mother of John, Daniel,
Thomae J. Jr., Charles, George and Margaret
Fanning, a native of Ireland, aged «0 years.
EXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
at ll:U0 o'clock a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 644 Second avenue, Richmond district,
thence to Star cf the Sea Church, corner of
Pclnt Lobos a:-d Eighth avenues, for ser-
vice*. Interment National Cemetery, Pre-
si£io.
FLANAGAN— In this city. December 28, 1905,
Bridget Flanagan, a nativ* of tho parish of
Doniery, County Galway, Ireland, aged 67
years.
CTFrienfis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m.. from her late
residence. 161 Perry street, thence to St.
Ko»e> Church, where a solemn requiem high
maps will be celebrated for the repose cf her
eoul et !* a, m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
FLETCHER— In- this city. December 29, 1905,
ir.iani sen cf Joseph M. and Rosa G.
Fletcher, a native of San Francisco. CaL,
aged H months and 11 days. *
FRITZ — In this city, December 2S. 1905,
• Oust&ve Fritz, beloved son of Mrs. Annie
Bond, and Bte&son of Charlea Bond, and
brother of Frank. Albert, Fred. Maud and
Alice Bond, a native of Texas, aged 20
years 3 months and 3 days.
GOUGH— In this city. December 29, 1905. Leo
W., beloved son of William and Annie
Gough, a native of San Francisco, aged 5 I
jears and 1 month. ;
CyFriends and acQuaintances are rei'pect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 p. m., from the residence of
his Darents. 515 Hickory avenue. Interment
Holy Cross' Cemetery.
GRAHAM — In this city. December 27. 1905,
William Graham, beloved eon of Ann Orr,
and brother of Annie Orr and Mrs. Mattle
BchiEwer, a native of Brooklyn. JC. V.. . azed
44 years.
Officers end member* of Golden Gate Coun-
cil No. 34. Y. M. L — You are herrby notified
10 attend the funeral of our late brother,
Williara J. Graham, from his late residence,
20 Shipley street, Saturday, December 00.
ct 6:30 a. m., thence to St. Patrick's Church
lor cervices, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. Fines for
ncn-attendance. J. J. HOWE, President.
E. L. * HARRINGTON, Ccr. Sec.
HENRY — In Sejm., Cal., December 29, 1905.
Isabella, beloved wife of Augustus X- Henry,
and mother of Clarence, ehlrley and Elmer
Henry, Mrs. George H. Monnier and Mrs.
E. P. Dell, a native of England, aged 50
years. ,
HINDS— In this city, December 27. 1905, Am-
brose, beloved husband of Lydie Hinds, and
father of F. A. I^awscn, a native of New
Hampshire, aged S7 years 6 months and 10
days. (New Hampshire papers please copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. at !
the Darlors of Bunker & Lunt, 26wi Mission !
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third t'Mistion Masonic Temple). Interment
private.
KEARNEY — In this city. December 27. 1905,
at St. Luke's Hospital, Jam's T. Kearney,
beloved busband of the late Rose Helen
Kearney, beloved eon of the late Mrs. B. J.
.Nagle. and beloved brother of Mre. E. Pyne,
a native of San Francisco.
C3*The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 8:43 o'clock a. m., from the
parlor* of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7C7 Mission
etreet thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cem<tery-
KELLEY — In Oakland. December 27, 1905,
Miss Maggie Kelley. beloved daughter of the
late Mrs. Sarah Hansell, and sister of Mrs.
Bernard O'Donnell of San Francisco and the
late Eliza. Hickey of I!X>7 Pierce street, San
Francisco, a native of New York, aged 44
years 4 months and 3 days.
C7"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Saturday), at S:l5
o'clock a. m., from the parlors of James L.
McCarthy, Seventeenth street and San Pablo
avenue, thence to St. Anthony's Church,
\u25a0where a eolexcn requiem high mass will be-i
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com- |
mencing at 9 o'clock n. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by car. -
KETCNEY— In this city, at her residence, 1247
.. McAllister street, Katie J., beloved wife of
John J. Kenney. loving daughter of Mi 8.
Mary Murphy, and beloved sister of Margaret
Sullivan and Mr?. H^nry Phillips, a native
of Maryn-ille, Cal. (Maryaville papers pleasa
copy.)
LJDDELL — In Tuolumne County. December 27,
l»05, Wllliani Liddell, beloved lather of
Ethel, Florence and Elbert Liddell and Mrs.
A. R. Wilkie. a native of Scotland, aged 59
years.
JETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this (Saturday) morning. December 30, at 31
' o'clock, at th»> parlors of the Albert Brown
Company. 072 Thirteenth etreet, Oakland.
Interment private.
HcGEE — In Oakland. December 29, 1905.
Delia, beloved eister of Jamos, John. Peter.
Hel^n.and Hannah McGee, a «native of the
parish 'of Tarhman, County Donegal. Ire-
land, aged 22 years.
MoKENNA- In this city. December 23, 1905,
Patrick J.. dearly beloved husband of Mar-
garet M. McKenna, father of Ethel, James
and Joseph McKenna, and son of Patrick J.
and the late Mary McKenna, a native of San
Francisco, axed 30 years.
C7Notice cf funeral hereafter.
McKINNIE— In this city, December 29. 1905,
at the Protestant Episcopal Old Ladles'
Home, Mrs. M. McKinnie. a native oi Ire-
land, aged 89 years.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are resprct-
fu'.ly Invited to attend the funeral to-m^rraw
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from the
Home. Golden Gate avenue, near Masonic.
WcMANUS — In this city, December 28, 1905,
James T.. beloved sen of the iate Host and
James McManus. and brother of John Mc-
Manus. and nephew of Mrs. Mary Miles and
the late Owen Prior, a native of New York,
aged 35 years 9 months and 15 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Saturday), at 8:30 a. m.. from his late resi-
) dence. C9>£ Klnggold etreet, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will lie celebrated for the reDOse of his soul
\u25a0t9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MACK — In the City and County Horpltal. De-
cember 29, lt»05, Henry Mack, a native ct
England, ared 63 years.
MAHER— In this city. December 28. 1905.
Philip Maher. brother cf the late John
Maher and Edward It Maher of Albany.
N. V., a native of Ireland, aged 75 yean»
C3"Remains at the parlors of the Califor-
nia Undertaking Company. 71 :i Post street.
MANGELS— In Riagstedt. Germany, December
23. :PCS, J. H. Mangel*, beloved father of
A. Margarctha Mangele. and brother cf
Barthold and Hermann W. ManneU ag~d
68 y;ars.
MATHESOX— In this city. December 2!> IBCS
Oiarlee W dearly bHcA-ed son of Catherine
Matheeon, brother of John R. and Andrc-a- T
Mathescn. Mrs. Richard Cavanagh and the
late Mrs. Jensie MeCraney. and uncle of
John. Andrew. Gladys, £e!da and Geonte
TJiirrwell. a native of Hannibal, Mo aged
S6 years and 9 days. (Virginia City, Nev.
— "papers please copy.)
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 32 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, SOS Natoma etreet.' thence to St.
Patrick's Church for Ferviees, \ commencing
at 12:30 p. m. Interment Holy Cro.«s Ceme-
MEEK — In trite city. December 2S. 1905.'
James, husband cf Margaret M. Meek, and
father of Mrs. W. J. , Dyer ami Thomas 11.
TEL.EPHOXE aiAiif 4i*
N.QRAY&CO.inc
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
Cyrus S. Wright, president; :Geo. H. Clark,
vice president: AI P. Booth, treasurer; Harold
L. Wright, secretary.
612x314 VAX NESS AVEXUE,
Golden Gate avenue and Turk street,
SAN FBA3CCISCO. CAL.
Meek, a native of Edinburgh, Scotland, aged
62 years 1 month and 7 days.
C?" Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (&un-
• day) at 10 o'clock a. m.. at his late resi-
dence. 3C Walter street. . Interment private.
MULLINS— In this city. December 29 WOO,
Mary Jane, beloved wife of the late A\illiam
Penrose Mullins. and devoted and beloved
mother cf Mrs. H. M. Greene and W. F
Mullins. a native of Dublin, Ireland, aged
S3 years.
OOOX.NOK- In this city. December 29, 1905,
Thomas O'Connor, dearly beloved husband
of Mary O'Connor, and beloved father of the
late .Tames and Thomas O'Connor Jr., a na-
tive of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 70
jcare. • \u25a0
C^Friends and acQuaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:45 o'clock p. m.. from his
late residence. Eighteenth avenue, between
Q and R streets South. South San Francisco,
thence to All Hallows Church for services,
commencing- at 1:15 p. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
O'KEEFE— In Albuquerque. N. Mex., Decem-
ber -6, 1905. Daniel, beloved son of the late
David and Johanna O'Keefe. and loving
brother of John O'Keefe, and nephew of Mrs.
Ncra Russell. ; !:'". '.;."\u25a0'
PIKE— In this city, December 27, 1905. at his
residence, K3O Haight street, F. Harry Pike,
beloved husband of Mary Pike, and father
of P.ose M. and Alice F. Pike and the late
Ethel M. Pike, a native of Bristol, England,
aged 44 years 11 months and 4 days.
CyFriends, acquaintances and members of
Division No. 205, .Amalgamated Association
of Street Railway Employes are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral Sunday, De-
cember 31, at 2 o'clock p. m., from Memorial
Hall. Odd Fellows* buildinjr, Seventh and
Market streets*, under the auspices of West-
ern Addition Lodge No. 285, I. O. Q. F. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
car from Elchteenth and Guerrero street*.
REID — In this city. December 29. 1905.
Bernlce, dearly beloved daughter of James
and Margaret Reid, a native of San Fran-
cisco. a?ed 28 years.
ROSS-COKMACK— In AUendale, December 24.
1905, John A. T. Hoes-Cormack, brother of
Margaret Ferrier Connack-Connal and Rev.
James Ross-Cormack, a native of Bengal,
India, aged 39 years and 11 months.
Icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, December 31, at 10 o'clock a. m.,
at the parlor* of Wood & Miller, 1128
Twenty-third avenue. Hast Oakland. Incin-
eration Oakland Crematory. " *\u25a0
BCHUBER— In this city. December 29, 1905,
Elvina Schuber, dearly beloved wife of
Marten Schuber, a native of Germany, aged
44 years 6 months and 22 days.
EMIDDY— In this city. December 29. 1905,
Edward F., beloved brother of Timothy
Smiddy, son of the late Ellen and Timothy
Smiddy, and brother of the late Elizabeth
Emiddy, a native of San Francisco, aged
34 years.
C7"Notlee of funeral hereafter.
TJTRPIN— In this city, December 2S, 1005.
John Turpln. a native of Ohio, aged 62
years. A member of the Grand Army of the
Republic.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 1 o'clock p. m., from the parlors of
Porter & Whita. 445 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Xa'tlonal Cemetery. Presidio.
WOODLAWN CEMETERY,
San Mateo County.
MASONIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
556 James -Flood Building. S. F.
COMMERCIAL NEWS.
Continued From Page 15.
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
4000 Atlanta Hi 300 Home 1, 24
1500 Blue Bull ... 07 , 1000 Jim Butler .. 70
1000 Bullfrog Com OS| 7000 Jumbo Bx ... 20
3000 Bullfrog Com 07; 1000 Do. 6 10... 20
HMD) Bullfrog Mm 40: 300 Do, s 30... 21
2000 Bullfg N Bk 17 4200 Kendall 07
1300 Conqueror .. i:t,10O0 Kendall, b 90 60
4000 Conqueror .. 15. 200 Kendall CO
1000 Conqueror . . 16' 500 Kendall 69
11.000 Den Blfrg.. SO] 1000 M'.Vmra, b3O 3S
1000 Den Blfg.bOO 32| 1000 Mayflower ... 15
500 Den Bullfrog 31 500 M Queen, »10 IT
S2T3 Dm B Btte C 40 1000 May Queen... IS
3500 Dm B Btte C 41 1000 M Shoshn Ex 13
2000 Dm B Btte C 42 1800 Mont Ton ...2 50
214S Dm B Btte C 43i1000 North Star... 64
4520 Dm B Btte C 45 1 1000 N V Ton Con 20
SCOO Dm B Btte C 48 j 5000 N T Ton Con 22
S5OO Dm B Btte C 49| 1000 N V Ten Con 23
5000 Do b 90... 43! 500 N 1 V Ton Con 21
1500 Dixie 06| 5000 Ohio Ton SO
1600 Dixie C 5 3000 Ohio Ton. blO 30
1000 Eclipse 34 j 2600 Ohio Tin. b€o 32
600 Gold Anchor. 81' 100 Red Top 1 20
JOO Gold Anchor. 82 2000 Sandstorm ... 76
600 G Anchr, b6O S3 100 Sandstorm ... 78
32C0 Gold Bar ... 36 900 Sandstorm ... 77
3500 Goldfleld Mm 06 1500 Simmrone b6O 13
3500 Goldfleld Mm CSJ 1200 St Ives 12
1000 Gldfld M, b«0 CSI IOOO St Ives 13
500 Gldfid M, b9O 68:4900 Ton Mldway..l €0
5500 Great Westrn C3i 100 Vernal 08
2500 Home 24 j 100 West End ...1 25
Afternoon Session.
1000 Atlanta, b 90 1212000 Kendall, s SO 56
70tt> Atlanta 12J 50 Kendall 62
3000 Atlanta, a 10 12i 100 M'Nmra, b 10 37
500 Blue Bull .. 07 1000 MacNamara.. 37
SCOO Bullfrog Com 07 j 1000 May Queen... 18
1000 Bullfrog^ Mm 40l 700 Mohawk 26
700 Bullfg N Bk 18 1000 M Shoshn Ex. 13
500 Cash Boy .. 17 100 Mont Ton ...2 50
100 Cent Eureka.l 45 ICOO Mont T0n,510.2 60
1000 Cent Eureka.l 40 4SOO North Star... 55
1 COO Columbia Mt 2315000 NY T. Con, b9o 21
SOW) Dm B Btte C 44] 500 Ohio Ton .... 28
€S5 Dm B Btte C '\u25a0 431 10C0 Ohio Ton, s3O 29
2350 Dm B Btte C 45 2000 Ohio Ton 29
30W Do, s 10... 4CJ2000 Ohio Ton, b9O 30
lOtxi Do. s 10... 4512000 Ohio Ton, b9O 31
5500 Dixie 06| 1000 Red Top, elO.l 20
404 Home 241 500 Red Top ....1 20
1600 Home 231 1000 Rescue 09
500 Home, b 90. . 25i 1700 Silver Pick . . 12
2000 Indiana 01,1000 St Ives 12
500 Jim Butler... 72J4200 St Ivea 13
2000 Jumbo Ex .. 21 000 St Ives 14
1000 Do. b CU... L' 2 7000 St Ives 15
Sr.OO Kendall 57| 250 Ton Ex.510.5 €2>4
1500 Kendall CS' lOOO Ton H me Con 05
1000 Kendall, b 30 58] 8000 Home Con,b3o 07
2000 Kendall, b 10 07| 2500 Ton Midway. V 60
CLOSINH3 QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District.
Bid.Ask.l Bid.Ask.
Belmont 220 2 25- MacXamara. . 36 37
Belmont Ex.. — 121 Midway IGOI C 2
Boston Tor.. 05 C9J Mizpah Ex ..13 20
Brgr's JB Ex — lOi Mont Ton . . .2 4" 250
California ... 05 — I Mont Mid Ex. — 13
Cas"h Eoy .. 16 18! Monitor 02 > —
OoUhan — 10| N V Ton Con 20 23
Eula Con ... — 17| North Star... 55 56
Gold Anchor. 80 82! Ohio Ton 28 29
Geld Mt 08 00 Red Rock Bx — 15
Gold Mt Con — 01 Rescue ...... (Jfi io
Great Weetrn 03 °* Ton Etxten ..5 25 562
Ind Tonopah. — 01 Ton Hme Con 04 06
Home '. 23 24 TonSlv & Gld 15 ,—
Jim Butler... 71 72 Ton of Nev.ls 50 16 CO
Little Ton ..1 50 2 0-1 Virginia 10 —
Lucky Tom.. — C 5 West End ...1 20 125
Goldfleld District.
Adams 08 071 Great Bend... 05 —
Atlanta U 13 Highland — 13
Aurora — 06, Jumbo M Co. 81 95
Black Ants.. — O4| Jumbo Ex ... 19 20
HIU Btte Ex. 01 C2Uuno — 01
Black Rock.. 02 C3l Kendall 66^ 57
Blue Bell ... 02 03j Kendall, Ex.. 01 02
Blue Bull .. 00 O7|L^suna 15 10
Brooklyn. 01 (2 Lone Star ... 06 07
Btte Goldfield 15 20; L,ucxy Star . . — 04
Bull & Bear. 02 <X Mnv Queen... IS 19
Booth M Co. 10 — MchawU 26 27
COD 40 f0 Nevada Boy.. 13 —
Columbia ... — 15|N%t Goldfleld. 20 23
Columbia Mt 19 20,JS>v Southern. — 11
Conqueror .. 15 J 16|Oakes OS
Daisy 21 25: Oakland — -10
Diamond — 15|Peniisylvanla. — \u25a0 t'2
Dm B Btte C 45 46 Pttiatch . 03
Dmdfld Trngl — 10; Red Lion .... 03 <5
Dominion ... — lOißed Top ....1 17 120
Dixie 05 C6|Red Tcp Ex.. 03 04
Empire ..... — 10i Sandstorm ..." 7« 77
Exploitation. — ot: Sandstorm- Ex 07 (»0
Fawn 05 ! Silver Pick .. 11 12
Florence 250 4 OOJSimmerone .. 15 20
Frisco — 10; St Ives 14 15
Gold Dust .. — 07, Treasure ..... 03
Gold Hill ... — 02^ Verde ....... — 02
Goldfleld Mm 66 6S| Vernal 05 C 6
Gldfld Hand. 05 OtJj Wonder ..... 01
Goldfleld Ton — 07|
Bullfrog District.
Amargcsa ... — 05! Gold B ar gg 37
Amethyst . 14 15i Gldfid Bullfrg — C 5
Big Bullfrog. — ' lOlUge Harris.. 01 f,2
Bonnie Clare 65 — I Mont Bullfrog 02 03
Bullfrog Mm 37 40| M Shoshn Ex. 12 —
BuiifJOE Anx 01 C 2! Ohio Bullfrog. 15
J>u«;ficg Com 06 08! Ortg Bullfrog. 19 21
Pullfroß Ex. «5 201 Pilot ........ 20 —
Blfrg Bundle 06 10|San Francisco 17 19
Wfg Mayflwr 14 Isj Shoshone .... — 03
Bullfg X Bk 17 18] Shoshn B Gld 24 25
Blfrg Sunset. 07 oS,Steinway - .-. .. 13 14
Den Bullfrog: «0 ' 32j Ventura 05 . 11
Dn Blfg Anx 02 — . Vista Grande. — C 5
Eclipse 33 25| Wolverine ... 05 10
Other Districts.
Colorado .... — 14|Lynx Creek.. 84 —
Free Gold . . — 25j Paymaster . .. 01 j, 02
Gold Reed M — 25! Ray & O'Brien 06 07
Golden Terra. 25 ' — I Rocro Mmstk. — 90
Gold Quartz. 40 — I Rothwoll .... _ ««
Kawich &B. — 131 Silver Peak.. — 17
Kawich Gold. — 021 Southwestern. ~— 05
Kawch MCo — 01! Sylvania ..... CS' 10
Llda Hawk.. — 53;Tokop Con ... — . :i4: i4
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE,
Following wtre the sales on" the' San ' Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
9:15 a. m.'. Session.
1000 Dixie . .. 06 200 Mont T0n.. .2 47^4
lOOrt G Anchr. blO 82 1000 - Do, s 60.2 47H
2COO Home ....... 24 300 Mdwy, blO.l 57&
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;OALL, SATURDAY; DECEMBER 30, 1905.
; v ll a. m. Session.
400 Con-Va M...1 2514000 Jumbo Ex. ...21
1500 Dm B Btte C. 41 |5000 Kendall ..:..- 6T
3000 Dm B Btte C 42, 2000 Kendall, a 10 67
25C0 Dm B BtteC 4.U- 200 Mexican .....1 30
2000 Do, a 10... 42j 1200 Mont Ton - . . .2 60
1000 Do. b 10... 46 ICCO Ohio j s 10..". 29
.•;000 Dixie ....... 00 2000 Ohio^- b 15. . . -30
500 G Anchor, b5 82 50CO Ohio ....../.. 30
1000 Goldfield Mm (i 0 1500 Sandstorm ... 76
250 Gldfld M.slO C 5 200 West End.. l 22&
2 p. ::m. Session.
2000 Blue Bull . . 07 2000 Ohio- •• 31
20C0 Dm B Btte C 47 ICOO Orig Bullfrog. 20
3500 Dm B Btte C 4« 500 Rialto ....... 33
2000 Do, b 10... 48 1000 Rialto. s 10.. .34
1000 Do. c 10... 48l SCO St Ives ...... 13
1000 Dixie ...... .06 500 Ton Mdway.l 57^4
5000 Goldfleld Mm 65| 1700 Ton Midway. 1 60
2300 Mont Ton . . .2 f.O 1000 Ton N Star. .54
S5OO Ohio ......... 30 ICOO Ton N Star.. 55
"CLOSING QUOTATIONS. .
Comstocks.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 06|Hale & Norc.l 05 1 10:
Alia 03 —I Julia 05 07.
Andes 1» 20! Justice \u25a0\u25a0.:..'.;\u25a0 05 1 06
Belcher 23 24| Kentuck — '> 01
Best & 8e1.. 1 20 — Lady Wash.. — ;- 04
Bullion ...... 25 27 Mexican .....1 30 1 35
Caledonia ... 56 5S Occidental ..90 —
Challenge ... 20 21 Ophir ......6 00 6 12&
Chollar ..... 17 IS Overman . . /. 23 ' 24.
Confidence ..85 CO Potosi ...../. 08 09
Con Va"M...l 25 130 Savage ....{. HI 62
Con Imperial — 01 Stg Belcher. . 10 ;11
Con N V.... 04 Scorpion ...:. — ; 14
Crown Point. 12 13J Sierra Nev. .. 30 31
Exchequer ". . 40 '42 Silver Hi 11 . .. 90 ' —
E Sierra Nev — .04|St Louis .... 06 00
Crown Point. J2 l.'!| Union C0n.. .. 47 4S
Exchequer ..40 42 Utah... ..... 04 05
E Sierra Nev — 04 Yellow Jacket 12 14
Gould & Cur. 23 24
Tonopah District.
Belmont .... — 2 25| Midway .....1551.60
California ... 05 — Mizpah Ex ..'l5 / —
Cash Boy . . — . 18 Mont Ton ...2 45 250
Gold Anchor. — > 83 N\Y Ton Con — 20
Great Westrn 03 Ot North Star... 55 56
HMne 23 25! Ohio 30 31
Home Con .. — . 07 Paymaster ... — 01 U,
Ind Tonopah. — 01! Rescue ...... — 10
Jim Butler.. 71 — Ton Exten.s 37Vi 675
Lucky Tom.. — 05) Ton of Nev. —16 00
MacNamara.. 36 37 West End ...1 20 125
• Goldfleld District.
Adams 06 * 07 Ix>ne Star ... 07 "—" —
Black Rock.. 02% — May Queen... 15 —
Blue Bull ... 06 07 Mohawk 28 30
Brooklyn .... 01 02 Nev Goldfleld. 22 25
Columbia Mt 19 -0- Oakes ........ »08
Diamond .... ' — '. 15 Oro 05
Dm B Btte C 43 45 Pa Goldfleld.. — 0V
Dixie 05% 06 Red Lion .... 03 "—
Exploitation. — 04 Red Top .C..1 15 120
Gldfld G Dst — 07 St Ives ...... 13 15
Gld& G Reed — 10 Sandstorm ... — SO
Goldfleld Nev 64 66 Sandstorm Ex — 10
Jumbo M Co. 00 — Silver Pick . . 12 13
Jumbo Ex ... 20^ — Slmmerone ..15 —
Kendall 57 5S Vernal .... 05 —
Bullfrog District. .
Amargosa ... — 10,' Lige Harris.. 01% 02
Beatty Blfrg. — 03 Mont Bullfrog — 03
Bullfrog Anx — 02 Orig Bullfrog. 19 ;21; 21
Bullfrg Belle — . 071 Shoshone .... — 08
Bullfg N Bk 17 18 Vista Grande. — »:5
Eclipse 83 35 Wolverine ... 10
Other Districts. r
Brown Hope. — 14] Ray & O'Brien 05 —
Esperanza . . — 01) Rothwoll — 10
Free Gold .. — 15 Silver Peak.. — 16
Gold Mt Con — 02 Ton Berkeley. — 03
Kawich Gold. — 01 Ton Gold Mt. 05% —
Nev Sunshine 15 —
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FRIDAY. DECEMBER 29.
H. A. Raser (trustef) to Catherine A. and
John J. Gavin." lot on N line of Union street,
49.41 B of Franklin, N 117.323 by E 25, quit
claim deed; $1.
Clara E. Rothweiler and George F. Burns
to Conrad Bruns, lot on S line of Eddy street,
112:0 E of Buchanan, E 25 by S 137 :G; also
estate of Elizabeth Bruns, 33,496;$ \u0084
Otto C. and Paula Berger to Agnes A.
Foerster, lot on W line of Steiner street, 55 S
of Green, S 27:6 by WHO; ?10. .
Gilbert and Leonide C. Gurney to Edna B.
Thorne. lot on N line of Broadway, 87:0 E of
Scott street, E 50 by N 100; $10.
Julian Thorne to same, same; gift.
Louise R. Barrollhet to Edwin W. Newhall,
lot on 8 line of Broadway, 50 'E- of Baker
street, E fc>7:o. S 90. SE 39, W 7:3, S 137:6,
W 15, N 127:814, -W 72:6, N 137:6; $10.
- Agnes B. Ooveney to Emma A.' Oall. lot on
E line of Lyon street. 9O:2Vi N of California,
N25 by E 106:3; $10. .. •
James K. and Marie Ross to Florence' McK.
Shadbume (wire of George D.), lot on E line
of Boyce street, 562 N of Point Lobos avenue,
N 27 by E 120; $10.
William and Lizzie Sobey to Gustav S. Ham,
lot on S line of Hayes street. 69:3 D of Ma
sonic avenue, E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Jacob L. and Cora G. Grosdidler to Larktn.
M. Haycraft, lot on E line of Clayton street,
100 N of Hayte, . N 25 by'B'SO; also lot! on E
lino of Clayton street, 100 N of Hayes,! E 55
by S 5; $10. • •— ;
George F. Lyon to William Miller, lot on
W line of Parkslde avenue, 25 S of McAllister
street. S 50 by W 95; $10.
Emma G. Butler to Clara L.:. Bennett ! (wife
of C. P.), lot on S line of Washington utreet,
37:6 E of Locust. E 50 by B 102:8»i; $10.
Clara L. and Clement P. I Bennett to Sliza
beth W. Humphrey, lot on S line of Washing
ton street, 84 E of^Locust, E 3:6 by S lO^S^i;
$10. I
Same to Emma F. Platt (wife of Charleia B.),
lot on S line of Washington street, 37:6 i B of
Locust, E 5 by S 102:SVi: $10. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 -.
Jennie and W. A. C. Smith to H. D. Jerrttt,
lot on N line of Sixteenth street, 36:2V4 !W of
Guerrero, W 60:5%. N 80, E 49:10, & 45:1%,
6 34:10^; $10. . -
H D. and Edna Jerrett to A. S. Macdonald
and'e. O. G. Miller, same; $10.
M. Fisher Company to Ida and Johanna
Tucholsky, lot on j W line of Spencer street,
85:8 N of Sixteenth," W 76:9«4, N 2717, E
76:9%, S 28:10 and right to maintain sewer
over lot adjoining on south;- $10.- -."\u25a0\u25a0- V-
Peter McDevltt to Henry I. Coon, lot on W
line of Foleom street. 173 S of Seventeenth, S
25 by W 122:6; $10.
Thomas and Kate E. Lundy: to Patrick H.
Madden, lot on S line of Twenty-second street,
125 E of Vlcksburg, E 25 by S 105; $10.
John and Daisy M. TunnlcllCe to . Lee H.
Estee. lot on N line of Twenty-fourth 6treet,
280 W of Hoffman avenue, W 25:10 by N 114;
$10. \u25a0 - . ... \u25a0
G. Howard Thompson jto San Francisco and
Fresno Land Company, \u25a0 lot on NW corner of
California and Leldesdorff streets, W* 55:3 by
N 97:6; $10. • ;
George H. and Theodosla H. Fitch to Sarah
J. Burnham, lot on S line of Eddy street. 37:6
E of Leavenworth, S 65:4%, B 2:6 by S 22:1%;
$10. \u25a0- .- \u25a0 --
Sarah J. . and Jame? W. Burnham to Morris
and Meyer Lando. lot on E line of Leaven
worth etreet, 65:4% S of \u25a0'Eddy. S 22:1% by B
40: $10.
Moses and Rose Stern to ' W. G. , Hind Im
provement Company, lot on E line of Larkln
street, 32 N of Washington, N' 29 by E 100;
$10.
Nicholas Kremer. Frank J. Carroll and
August Malnzer to Hugh Keenan. lot : on NW
line of Jessie street. 47 SW from NE line of
100-vara lot 3, SW IS by NW C 2; $10.
Jeremiah T. O'Nell et al: to Isaac Jacobson.
lot on SE line of Tehama ! street. 275 SW-of
Fourth, SW 75 by SE 80: $11,000.
Nannie A. and Morris Meyerfeld Jr. to Ben
jamin Hesklns lot on S corner of Folsom street
and Harrison avenue,' SW 25 by SB 90; $10.
John and Mary O'Connor to George P. Sneathj
lot on NE line of F.ighth street, 100 SB of
Bryant, SE 25 by NE 60; $10. .
Benjamin S. and Susie E. Wilklns to Thomas
W. -Mather, lot on SW line of Decatur street,
125 SE of Bryant. SE 25 by SW 00; $10.
Thomas W. Mather to George R. Sneath,
same; $10. \u25a0\u25a0
Charles E. Kehoe to Thomas TV. ' Mather,
lot on NE line of Eighth street, 125 SE of
Bryant. SE 25 by N-E 60; $10.
Thomas W.- Mather, to George R. . Eneath,
same; $10. \u25a0 .
Mary H. Braver et al to.lsadore Shemanskl
and Henry Sieroty, lot on SE line of Folapm
street. 75 SW of Eighth. SW- 25 by SB 90; $10.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Albert
Knowles and Joseph Kaiser," lot on W line of
Connecticut street, 72:6 N of Eighteenth, N
27:31^ by W 100;- $10. .-.•-• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.'\u25a0\u25a0
William J. and Annie E. Smale to Michael
J. Catusich and P. J. Clecak. lot on N line of
Twentieth street, 75 . W ; of Illinois, W 25 by
N 100; $10. . "~
'Emma W*. Shattuck to' City, and County of
San Francieco. lot on SW, corner of Thirteenth
avenue \u25a0 and Clement • etreet, - W 240 by ;N > 600,
quitclaim deed; $1. . " .
Same to same, lot on N line of Clement
street, S2:C E of Fourteenth avenue, E 50 by
N 100; $2000. - -
Emma Samson to Harry Block, lot ' on NE
corner of Clement street ! and Second avenue,
N2sby E 82:6; $10. r "
Union Trust Company of San Francisco to
Anna B Forney, (wife of. Samuel C). lot on
W line of Thirty-sixth avenue, 175 S cf.Point
Lobos avenue, S 25 by. w, 120 : $10. : ; . -
Frances M. Fuller to Samuel C. Forney, lot
on W line of •: Thirty -sixth avenue.- 150' S of
Point Lobos avenue. S 25 by W 120; $10.- -
R. E. Filcher to Janette E. Wyman. lot on
E line of Fourth avenue, 150 N of A- etreet,
N 25 by E -120; $10." - . ;
. William T. - and R. J. Wallace to Coliseum
Company, lot on NW corner of Eleventh ave
nue and D ;. street, W 240, ' N 600, B 240. S
275 W. 120. S 25. E, 120, JS. 300; JlO.. \u0084-!\u25a0, t
Albert Meyer to Aason R. Cooley. lot: on E
line of Seventh avenue, 145 S of II street 8
23 by E 120: $10. * " V
City Realty Company ; to Calvin D. Brown
lot an. E line of Fifth avenue, 150 S of I street
S M bT'.E 120; $10^;- \u25a0 -X - . _ '
Bernhard and Rose Getz to James A; Halli
day, lot : on SW- corner : of s Forty-third * avenue
and J "treet, W OT:fi.by;S 10O;.$lO
Frank \u25a0* and : Rosa' Stump ; to Richard i Barker,
lot on SE corner of Forty-ninth avenue and L
street. S 37:6 by E 120; $10 .\u25a0 . -\u0084.--.:..
'\u25a0 Solomon and Dora Getz; to rAranka'F." Pete,
lot on' W line of; Forty-first avenue, ,275 S of
N street,' S 25 by.W 120: $10 --
• E. J. Hooper to KA Robertson lot on ; E line
of Forty-third avenue, s 100 N . of ,V- street, • x
25by B 120; $10.. v » -
Estelle Morrlsonlto;same,';Bame; $10 •. ; •
Jobn and Grace *E.-. Turner' and Owen Evans
to Domenlco ": Prato and : G." Lucchetti, 1 lot ton
W. line of Academy / street, J 113 :8 . S of :Fa lr
mount, jS , 25 1 by 92, lot : 14, block . 17, / Solo
mon" .\u25a0> map; = $10 ' ' \u25a0 '
T.'-B. Potter^ReaHy Company .to Alfred;C
and ' Ida •M. • Anderson. \u25a0 lot . 42,' block 06,' R«i»
Tract; srant. . \u25a0-.\u25a0":\u25a0•.• '\u25a0 \u25a0. • - .'\u25a0"•,
- Elizabeth Behre to Frederick Behre, lot, on
N- line .-. of Central : avenue,'-. 25 "W of Vernon
street. -W DO ,, by '- N . 100, ; lots 2 and 3, , block
10. city: land; eift. ..'.. v .
\u25a0 Caroline J. and Alexander G. Eells to Al
mira L. Austin. ; lot on W ; llne of Sunset ave
nue, 161.81 from turning \u25a0 point in Sunset ave
nue. S 5 by W 119.18. block H, Sunset/ Heights;
Jamee "Williams to Joseph Roach, lot 21,
block 4- Holly Park; $10. ;> - -\u25a0\u25a0
.'\u25a0: Frank S. Parks to Emanuel .Lewis Invest
ment Company; lot on SE line' of Edinburgh
street. 25 SW of. India avenue. SW 60 by-SE
100, block 49, Excelsior Homestead, Quitclaim
deed; |1O - v-'-">~
\u25a0, Christopher Razzo to John .Trounson, portion
of lots 0 and 7, block 3, San Miguel* City, lying
between Ban Joee avenue and right of way of
S P. 101 on San Josa avenue and 100 on Una
dllla street; $10
Levl Van Auken to , Bernard ; Kennedy., lot
on S corner Seventh avenue and D street. SE
75 . by SW 100, \u25a0 lot 8. block 149, -South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad --Associa
tion; $10. :\u25a0,. \u25a0-.. .
John C. (or J. C.) and Pauline Rued to Julia
A. and Joseph T. Roberts lot on SW t corner
of Sunnydale and Mllliken' streets, S 104:4 by
W 211:4; $10 .-.• .. -.-.;.
Henry . Jacks to John P. and Fellcle Bau
chou, .lot on E line |of Andover avenue. 75 S
of Crescent. S 50 by E 70 lots 174 and 17&,
Holliday map A;'slo ,• \u25a0
Amelia L. Gardner (Clavel) to Jacob Hey
man Company, lot on SE line of Wool sey
street, 120 SW or Saratoga, SE 200, SW : 120,
NW 44:4, NE 100:1, NE 11.' lots 7 and 8,
block 174.' University Extension; $10
BuUdcrs' Contracts.
San Francisco Company (owners) with Ander
sen & Andersen (contractors), architect Charlea
Faff — Excavating, concrete, brick, cement work
and mortar for. brick, steel and frame building
on E corner of Eighth and Market ' streets, E
275 by S 550; $9755. A
Charles Bach Company (owners) wlth_A. H.
Wilhelm (contractor), — architect — Carpen
ter work, etc., "for alterations and. additions to
malting plant on W line of Midway, 68:9 S of
San Francisco, N 91:8, W — . S — . E — ;
$1(550. • \u25a0\u25a0:'•\u25a0 \u25a0
Same owner with H. L. Petersen (contract
or), — architect— Concrete work for same
on same; $6800. •
Alameda County.
FRIDAY. DECEMBER .29.
Nina D. and James L. Crittenden to San
Luis Land . and Improvement Company, one
acre beginning at point on W line of San
Pablo avenue at SE corner of land now or
formerly of Charles Carl, thence SW; 6.78
chains to Encinal line so called,, SB 2.13
chains -to a stake. NE 4.88 chain* to said
line of San Pablo" avenue, NW 2.5 chains to
beginning, excepting strip of land on Twentieth
street conveyed by Josephine I* McCory to
the city of Oakland. Oakland; $10. ,
Donald Nicolson (single) to John H. Potter,
lot on N line of Sycamore street, 341 E of
San Pablo avenue. E 15:8 by N 100 Oak
land; $10.
Constance A. Meeks and Blanche T. Heath
(widow) toHeinrich and Lillaa S. Weber, lot
on NE line of East Eleventh . (Jackson) street,
75 NW of Second (Lake) <\u25a0 avenue, NW 45 by
NE 118, block 27, Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Emily J. and Charles E. Pettis (husband)
to Addle M." | Allen, • lot on W line of Grove
(Sherman) street), 45 S of Delaware, S 45 by
W 100, portion range 1 Hardy Tract. Berke
ley; $100.
Blanche N. and Dales D. Tripp to Helen
A. Horan, lot on W line of Union street,
37:6 Sof Alameda avenue S 35 by W 101,
block 4. Bartlett 50-acre Tract.' Encinal sta
iion, Alameda; $10. . \
Dennis and Ellen Kane (wife) to A. Men
donco, lot on E line of Henry street, 163 S
of West Filth, S 25 by E 125, lot 19, block
F. Bay View Homestead. Oakland; $10.
The Realty Syndicate to James Rankin (mar
ried), lots 28, 29 and 30, block E, map 2,
Highland Terrace Oakland; $10. - .'
' Otto Kurtz to Emma O. Brugulere, lot on
W line of Grove street 40 S of Thirty-first.
S 40 by W 115. lot 6, block 2034, Rowland
Tract. Oakland; $10. .
Adolph Weber»to Frances V. Snowden (daugh
ter) and E. C. Snowden, all Interest in lot on
S line of Delger or Twentieth street, 433:7 E
of San Pablo avenue, E 29:2 by S 88, portion
lots 20 and 21, block 2002, Hogan Tract, Oak
land; gift.
Frank P. Bacon to J. A. Bishop, lots 3, 4
and 6, block 9, amended map Butler Tract,
Oakland; $10. ,
Elizabeth Madison to Frank -A. Madison, lot
on SE corner of West Ninth and Center streets,
S 66. E 81:3 S 27:3, W 81:3, S 26:9, E 114:014,
N 120 to a point, etc., W 114:9% to beginning,
lot 12 and portion of lots 13 and 14, block 552,
map Eigßth-street Tract Oakland; gift.
J. Frank and Minnie L. Plank to Frank J.
Taylor, lot on ! N line of Thirty-third street,
149:3 E of Market. E 34 by N 100. being E 17
foet of lot 30 and W 17 feet of lot 29, block X,
property of Central Land Company, Oakland;
$10.
Mary E. and J. B. or James B. Payne to
Eliza M. Reed and Mittie R. Watson, undivided
fifth Interest in following property: Lot on W
line of Linden street, 140 S of Thirty-second,
S 35 by W 132. lot IS and portion lot 12, block
669, Glascock Tract. Oakland: also lot on N
lino of Locust street, 276 W of Grove. W 25 by
N 100, portion lot 18, block Q, map W. F. Kel
6ey Tract, Oakland; $550. • -
Jane McFarland (widow) to Mary C. McFar
land (her daughter), lot on . S line of Haste
Ftreet. 150 E of College avenue, S 100:7 by E
60, portion lot 52, block C, map portion Berke
ley property, "\u25a0• etc., Berkeley; also ' lot on SE
corner of Haste street and College avenue, S
60 by B 100, portion lot 62, block \u25a0C, same.
Berkeley (first party reserves life estate and
this deed conveys remainder.-- of estate after
termination of said life estate); gift.
Same to George B. McFarland, lot on E line
of College avenue. 80 S of Haste street, E 100
by S 50:7 portion lot 62, block C. same, Berke
ley (first party reserve life estate, etc.); gift.
Charles IW.1 W. or Zlmrl Phillips to Irene M.
Phillips, all interest in lot 8, -block 74, and lot
15, tlock 73, Tract B. Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, ' Berkeley; $10.
Jules E. and Alice ,G. Berges to Andrew
Frank, lot on E line of Oak» street, 237:8 N
of Santa Clara avenue, N 87:6 by E 150. por«
tlon of block- 48, Alameda; also lot on W
line of Park street. 68:8 S of Encinal avenue,
S 41:4 by W 1CO:7. portion of lot 8. block S,
lards adjacent to EnclnaJ, Alameda; $10.
Zlna O. and Caroline C. Bpragu* to Robert
B. Thomas, lot on W line "of Diamond street.
221 X of Moss " avenue, . N 30, :\u25a0 NW v parallel
with S.line of lot 18 to W boundary, line of
said lot S to S boundary Una of said lot " E
135:10% to beginning, being S 30 feet of lot 18,
block B, Broadway and ' Telegraph-avenue
Homestead, Oakland; $10.
Harrison W. and Ella S. Pine to Isaac and
Annie M. Daniels (wife), lot on SB line of
Howe street, 152:6 SW of Mather,' SW 30 by
SE 125, being S 27:5 of lot 20 and N 2:5 of lot
21. block L. Thermal Hill (formerly I Howe)
Tract. Oakland ; $2000. \u25a0 > ;
Katie L. and G. L. Fitz (and as attorney)
to Catherine George ' (wife of M. , C). lot 7,
block A. Oakland View Homestead Association,
quitclaim, deed,. Oakland: $5. . .. \u25a0 \u25a0 ;
Arthur H. and Belle M. McDonald to W. E.
Barnard, lot 32, block B. University Park,
near the university, Oakland; $10.
W. E. Barnard • 'single) to W. A. Hepler,
same; $10. \u25a0
C. , B. and Effle E. Crane to Henry A. Dodge,
lot "on. S line of Le Roy avenue. 41.52 E from
NE corner of lot 4, S 75, E- to E. line of lot
2, N to S line of Le Roy avenue, NE corner
of eald lot 1..W to beginning, • portion of lots
1, 2. 3, block 4. , amended map -of portion of
La Loma Park and Wheeler. Tract, Berkeley;
I $io. \u25a0 . . ;\u25a0'-\u25a0\u25a0; : -.:>- :--.\u25a0, : . : . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.: \u25a0 \u25a0-.
Annie M. and William Linden to J. lA. Mar
shall (married), lot on N line of Ward street,
177:6 W of Dana. W 50 by N 134:6, lot 25,
block E, Leonard Tract, Berkeley; $10.
. Charles Hadlen and August Benning (execu
tors estate of Charles Schnelle) to the Realty
Syndicate, all Interest in lot on !NE corner of
University avenue and Ninth' street, E 208 by
N 100, block 82, .Tract 8, . Berkeley Land and
Town Improvement Association, .Berkeley; $ — .
Bernhardt G. and Gustava Fardig to John A.
Hellman, lot on W line of Tenth street, 396.50
S of Chenning way. S 25 by W 130, lot 16.
block 137, corrected ; map of Avery Tract.
Berkeley; $10. - . ; \u25a0' - - '
M. P.-W. and Emma, G. Albee to Callsta H.-
Congdon (widow), lot on W.Hne of College ave
nue, 66.61 S• of Russjeil : street, S 5a by . W
148.53, lot 2 block X, Berry-Bangs Tract, map
2, Berkeley; $10. \ •
Katherlne Kernan (single) (by J. E. Baker,
surviving trustee) to Alameda . Investment
Company, 754 D. 214, lot on W line of Schiller
street, 100 Nof Eagle avenue,' N 60 by W 10S,
lots 9 -and lO.r.block: 68, map 'resubdivlslon
block 58 and portion block 51, town of Encinal A
Alameda, trustee's deed; $500. \u25a0.\u25a0-.».: ,--, : /
. W • D.. and ; Fannie H. , Higgins \u25a0to William
Hammond Jr., lot on N line of Central avenue,
91 W of Versailles, W. 50 by. N 146, being TW
60 feet of lota 8, 9 and 10, block 9. part Hays
and Caperton property, Alameda; ; $10.' -- ._
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
: ARRIVED. ; ]
. Friday, December r 29.
Stmr. San Pedro, Rasmussen, 53 hours*, froai
San Pedro. 1 : ~ ' \u25a0, , •.
:'• SAILED. '- '.---.
\u25a0 ; Friday,'-. December 29. *
• Etmr Daisy Mitchell, -Smith,, Portland.''
Stmr Brooklyn, . Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr " Newburg. ' Johnson, v Grays Harbor.
Stmr Fulton, Panzer, Eureka. - .>:';"\u25a0'•;.'-\u25a0'•-;
\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- ISLAND • PORT. \u0084
HONOLULU— SaiIed Dec 29^U 8 «tmr Law
ton, for Guam. \u25a0:" \u25a0
V. FOREIGN • PORT.
- VICTORIA— SaiIed 'Dec/ 29— Stmr City of
Puebla,- for San Francisco. •. . ,'•'.. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•
.. OCEAN STEAMERS.
..NEW, 5 YORK— Arrived ;D?c 29— Stmr Graf
"S\';«ldersce, .from Hambure. *S9S§F"^sSBg
BRISBANE— SaiIed Dec • 29-^Stmr • Moana,
from ' Sydney; N S W, ( for^Vancouver.'- '-\u25a0:\u25a0 ?
;~ GENOA— Arrived • Deo 20— Stmr , . Brooklyn,
f rom - New ' York ., ... .\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0„
HAVRE— Arrived Dec 29— Stmr La Bretagne,
from New York.' ?. -\u25a0\u25a0: ' \u25a0 - •. -_- \ P "
- .- Sailed : Dec 27— Stmr California, for New
I York. ; \u25a0\u25a0-' --\u25a0::\u25a0\u25a0 '.%>. >\u25a0 . \u25a0"-:.-.; /. . • .-\u25a0.•
! \u0084 ANTWERP— SaiIed. : Dec 2S— Stmr Lake
Michigan.. for 6t: John, NB. - .
{DOVER— Arrived ' -Dee : i2o^-Stmr,' Patricia,
from \u25a0. New \u25a0..York ' for \u25a0 Hamburg and ( proceeded.*
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 2S-^Stmr. Ivemia,",
from Bceton. -'- '\u25a0'-. '\u25a0 .: \u25a0:".«'-, --.-;-': '-\u25a0-.
: QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Dec 29— Stmr Cym :
rle, for.Boaton; - •'\u25a0-; \u25a0 '\u25a0 '\u25a0': '_, "',- '" .\u25a0"'- . : - '
.- > -Arrived : Dec -.29 — Stmr. Noordland. ' from 1 Phil
adelphia - for Liverpool , and proceeded.
MISSING CLERK
AN EMBEZZLER
Trusted Employe of Los An
geles Trust Company Has
Been Stealing for Months
IS SHOET LAEGE SUM
Guilt of Accused Is Dis
covered After He Had Left
State on Leave of Absence
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec." 29.— Fred P. Wil
son, a confidential employe of the Title
Guarantee and Trust Company, is miss
ing, and a shortage of more than \u25a0 $20,000
has been discovered in his accounts. The
total amount of his shortage has not
been determined, because the examination
of his books has not been completed, but
It was stated to-night by an officer of the
company, that it may amount to or exceed
$25,000.-
Wilson left here two weeks ago, having
given it out that he had been called to
: his former home at Canon City, Colo., to
the bedside of his dying father. He had
been in complete charge ,of the escrow
department of the title company, and was
implicitly \ trusted. The company, gave
him a cash present ana supplied him
with transportation 'to Colorado. : His
work was placed in charge of an assist
ant, who until only a few days ago failed
to discover anything wrong in the ac
counts. Then by accident it was found
that a certain account which should have
had ?ISOO to its credit was closed on the
books. Further investigation soon showed
that Wilson had been stealing for months.
"The very day .his shortage was discov
ered his wife received a letter from him
from a small town In Wyoming, in which
he stated that owing to financial' troubles
he did not intend to return, and saying
that she -.would soon know the worst.
The letter contains a veiled threat to
commit suicide.
To-night the : wife bitterly denounced
her husband. She stated that several
years ago he had embezzled a large sum
in Canon City, and his aged father had
sacrificed almost his last cent to make
good the amount. Since the couple came
here the wife says Wilson has been lead
ing a fast life, drinking, gambling and
associating with lewd women, all of
which j he ; confessed in his letter. She is
left | without a cent in the world.
No warrant for the arrest of Wilson has
been issued so- far as known, but a com
plaint will be filed as soon as the amount
of his shortage is known.
NEW PEERS .CEEATED •
BY KINO EDWARD
Several Men Honored on the
Recommendation of the
Premier.
LONDON, Dec. 29.— Upon the recom
mendation of the Premier, Sir Henry
Ca^npbell-Bannerman, King Edward to
day conferred peerages on Hhe following
members of the House of Commons: Lord
Edmond George Fltzmaurice, brother of
Lord Lansdowne, former Foreign Sec
retary; Sir Arthur Divett Hayter, Philip
James Stanhope, youngest son of Carl
Stanhope; Charles Hare Hemphlll, Sir
James Jolcey, Charles Henry "Wilson and
Sir William Henry Wills.
Lord Reay and the following members
of the House of Commons to-day were
sworn in as members of the Privy Coun-,
ell: John Edward Ellis, Richard Knight
Caustoni Thomas Shaw, Edmund Robert
son, Thomas Burt, Sir Walter Foster and
Henry Labouchere. \
UNIVERSITY STUDEXT PLAYS
\ HIGHWAVM AX AXD IS KILLED
Intended Victim, Instead of Throwing
Up His Hands, Draws a Re
' volvcr and Shoots.
NOTRE DAME, Ind., Dec. 29.— Louis
Roquela" of Colombia. South America,
a student at Notre Dame University,
to-night shot and killed, Claude A.
Bagby of Durango, Colo.,. when Bagby
and several other students as a prac- 1
tical joke held up Roquela, mistaking
him 'for another person. Several^ stu
dents planned a mimic hold-up y of .a
friend, expecting him to pass a certain
place, where they. lay In wait. Roquela
came along 1 , and the students, thinking
him their victim, ordered him to hold
up his hands. Instead, Roquela drew
a revolver and fifed. The bullet struck
Bagby near the heart and"""ne died in
five minutes. Bagby was 20 years of
age. Ronuela, who is 21 years of age,
Is taking an engineering 1 course.
Roquela Is crushed over the affair, al
though he supposed the attack on him
to be genuine and acted on the ' de
fensive.; . . ; . -.' :
SOXORA YOUTH IS KILLKD
BY BURSTING OF A MORTAR
Dies Twenty Four Hours After lies"
) ; Are Shattered by the "~'
Explosion.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 29.— Robery Body,
the 1 9-year-old i son of Mark Body, a
prominent resident of this • city, was fa
tally Injured yesterday, afternoon at Flsh
ermans Bay, . on the coast of Northwest
Sonoma County, by the bursting of a
mortar . which \u25a0he was testing. The ex
plosion shattered both of his legs and 'he
survived the accident ' only, about ,twenty
four hours; dying "this afternoon ; at - 2
o'clock. : He was employed by the flrm^of
J. F.'Sklfflngton & Son and was testing
a" mortar which Is used to throw, a line
to incoming vessels at the firm's wharf.
MAKES A . MEAL OF OYSTERS
AFTER TAKING GROCER'S CASH
Santa Rosa Store Is Entered by Thief
and Silver and Pennies
" • V Taken. ;• •'
SANTA' ROSA, Dec. . 29.— The grocery
store of -George JS. Thurston, in this
city, was entered last night ,by a bur
glar who .went prepared for any emer
gency. Only ?5 in sllverand 70 cents
in. pennies were secured,, but the fellow
had a lunch of oysters before leaving.
Cayenne pepper , was : found scattered
about" the premises, but' as none was
missing ; from the shelves the officers
believe that the burglar went into; the
store with the * pepper," , prepared 'to
throw: It into the: eyes. of any one who
might interfere with his plans.
Ensfne Kills a Cripple.
FRESNO,- Dec.; 29.— At 9 6'clack to-night
E >H Martin, a one-legged man, was run
over and- killed by a switch epglneat the
Tulare-street ? crossing; of "the ; Southern
Pacific; \u25a0' Martin : failed : to heed the warrr
ing shouts- of • a watchman." His' body
was ; dragged " for; a block and a half.
Martin was a peddler, and. until recently
ran .a donkey, engine for the Fresno
Flume 7 and '^Irrigation. Company; >. He
has a son in Bakersfleld.v '-
' Senor Savasale's most precious pos
p'ession Is a'Stradivarius violin. *When
he" was' 12 ; years old t he played ; before
Queen 1 1sabella* 1^ II of , Spain,: and- her
Majesty was .so -pleased; with his exf
quisite Imuslc i that; she \u2666 presented ~him
with the' Instrument. '
RIVAL LEADERS
ON THE STUMP
Sir Henry Campbell-Ban
nerjnaii and Ex-Premier
Balfour Address Followers
IRISH ISSUE INVOLVED
Foreign Secretary Gray Says
Liberal Party Does Not
Intend to Grant Home Eule
LONDON, Dec. 29.— Sir Henry Camp
bell Bannerman, the Premier,*' and Ar
thur J. Balfour, the former Premier,
respective leaders of the two great
parties now drawn up In battle array
in the United Kingdom, addressed
large 'audiences to-night. The Premier
spoke at Dumferline, Scotland, making
fiscal reform his battle cry. In - an
swering a question he said he did not
favor a separate independent legisla
ture for Ireland, but intimated that
that country should have a legisla
ture subordinate to the imperial Par
liament.
Balfour, talking to a sympathetic
audience at Queen's Hall, London,
asked, ""Will you have fiscal reform or
home rule, for this Is the - true issue
of the campaign?"
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman said
that the Liberals would fight protec
tion and fiscal reform durlngr the cam
paign as they did while In opposition,
while the former. Premier said that
fiscal reforms would be the first great
question with which the Unionist
party would have to deal whenever it
was returned to power, because It was
a question in which the welfare of the
country was bound up.
Balfour plainly indicated that the whole
attack of Unionists throughout the pres
ent campaign would be centered on the
assumed intention of the Liberal party
to give Ireland control of Its own affairs
through an executive body responsible
directly to an Irish elective body. This,
Balfour believed, would inevitably lead to
separation, which he admitted would be
preferable to the continued Parliamentary
turmoil consequent on half-way meas
ures.
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman de
voted almost his entire speech to an at
tack on the fiscal propositions of the
Unionists, and said it was the duty of the
Liberals to bun* any party supporting
Joseph Chamberlain.
Sir Edward Gray, the Foreign Secre
tary, speaking to his constituents at Bel
ford, Northumberland, to-day said that
the carrying out of Mr. Chamberlain's
policy would mean the ruin of the na
tional prosperity. He assured hi 3 audi
ence that the Liberals had no intention
of granting home rule, but that they
hoped to do much for Ireland.
'•HEALTH MISSIONARY" WALKS
FROM ATLANTIC TO PACIFIC
Averages Little .More Thn n Twenty.
. Two Miles a Day Since teavlnc
New York City.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 29.— Van R.
Wilcox, the "health missionary," ar
rived in Los Angeles this a/ternoon on
the home stretch of \hls tramp from
the Atlantic to the Pacific, having
walked just 165 days since leaving
New York. He will finish his trans
continental walk at Santa Monica to
morrow. In the course of his tramp
across the continent "Wilcox has al
ready walked 3667 miles, or an aver
age of a little more than twenty-two
miles a day. Wilcox comes from
Parkesburg, Pa., and first gained
prominence In the cause of health by
fasting sixty days.
CHICO PIOXEER DEAD.
Charles H. Wood Answers Summons
of the Reaper.
CHICO, Dec. 29.— Charles H. Wood, a
pioneer merchant of Chico, died to-day.
He was a native of Massachusetts and
63 ypars of age. He was in business in
Chico since 1867, establishing the first
store here. Mr. Wood was also a char
ter member of Chico's first fire com
pany and established the Masonic lodge
here.
1 Complains -of His Opponent.
LONDON, Dec. 30.— Cameron Corbett.
a Parliamentary candidate for Glasgow
in the interest of the Unionist party,
writes to the Times this morning, calling
the attention of Mr. Reid, the American
Etnbassador, and Sir Henry Campbell-
Bannerman, the British Premier, to the
alleged unconstitutional action of his op
ponent. D. M. Mason, who, he says, in
meeting his constituents announced that
he ; had a friendly interview with Presi
dent Roosevelt 'at Washington, in which
Mr. Roosevelt guardedly expressed his
hearty sympathy with the Liberal party
in Great Britain.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
HOI CALIFORNIA
HfflHj LIMITED
SiS. raffa A&k ~T° Chicago in Three Dayi,
with Diner* and Sleeper.
Santa Fe Trains
7:80 a. m. 1 For Stockton. Merced. Fresno,
and .(\u25a0 Hanford. Visalla. BakercQeld
8:00 p. m. J and Intermediate points.
9:30 a. m. — California Limited three days to
Chicago every day. Direct con-
nection to Grand Canyon.
9:30 a. m. — Valley Limited, for Stockton, Mer-
\. ced,. Fresno, Hanford. Visalia
and \u25a0 Bakersfield and Points on
the Sierra Railway.
4:00 p.m. — For Stockton and Intermediate
: points.
8:00 p. m. — Overland . Express, for Chicago,
Kansas City, Denver and Grand
Canyon.
TICKET OFFICES.
; 653 Market street. San Francisco
Ferry Depot San Francisco
1112 Broadway -Oakland
27 South First street San Jose
HCAZADERO, Etc.
r v *« 3«i*MUlto Ferry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
week days and Sundays at 7:00 (ex-
cept Sunday), 7:45. 8:25. 9:10, 9:50. ll:00u.m.
12:20 1:45, 3:15. 4:35. 5:15. 5:50, 6:30. 7:15*
8:0© "10:15 ' and. 11:35; p.' m.
For Fairfax, week days — 7:45 a. m.. 5:15
p.- . m. '"- dally, except • Sunday ; , and 3 : 15 p. \u25a0m.
Saturdays only. . Sundays and holidays — 7:45,
9:10 a. m. . ;
THROUGH TRAINS. '
7:43 a. m. dally— Cazadero, and way stations
3:15 p. m v Saturdays only, for Point Reyes
and way. \u25a0 • ' -''\u25a0
- TICKET OFFICE^ — 650 Market st.
FERR'V : -Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt.Tamalpais Railway
' ¥UK UTS
Mcßm TiQk Leave S. F. 9:50 a m 1:45 r m
Arrive S. F. 10:45 A M 2:55,6:2^ pm
V^^a^r siTunDiT oslt
Lv. S.F. 4:85 pm Ar.S.F, ti:2SPM
STTSDIT3 ISfl lE3IL HOUDIT3
N Lv.5.F.8a&,9:50.U:00 am 1.45pm
,^T \u0084 Ar. S. F. 130, g:SS, 4:23, 6:22 pm __
TICIIT ( 650 Market St., (North Shoreßailroad)
fimus < and Sausauto Fkrxy. Foot Market St.
RAIL\VAJgJ£RAjrEL.
# Trains leare and »r* &M*~
to arrive at
SAN FRANCISCO.
Fhoii Dzczxbzx 23, 15C3.
Fxkkt Dkpot
(Foot of Market Street)
"mn- MAIN LINE. — akbit^
7.ooAElinlra. Vacavllle, Winters. Kums«y 7.481»
7-00 A Richmond. Benicta. Sacramento,
Sulsauanrt W*t SMtlons 7-28(»
7.40a Yallcjo. N»P». CnlUtoga. Santa
Rosa, Martinez. Ban Ramon 6. Co*
7^OaNII«. Fleasanton, I,! y ermore,
Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 7.23*
B.ooA Sbastiv Express— (Via DaYls).
Williams, Willows. tFruto. Ked
Blutf, Portland. Tacoma. 6eattle. 7.43^
B.CQaD« t 'B, Woodland, Knljnu Landing,
Marysvllle. OroTlll« 743 i»
8.20 A Martin ez. AntJoch, Byron, Tracy,
Btoc&toa, Newman, Loa Banoa,
Stendota, Arniona. Hanford, t .pa,
Visalla, Porterville -1 44SJ,
8-20APort Costa, JUthrop. Merced. Mo- ' "•'"'"
de«to, Fretno. Hanford. Ylsalla,
Bakersneld 4.48*
ft 40AXlle3, San Jose. Llvermore, StocS-
9 ton (tMllton). Valley Sprnigr,
- lone, Sacramento, Placerrtlle,
Colfax. Marysvllle. Ked 81uff..... 403» '
B.4oa OaSdaJc Chinese, Jamestown,
0 Sonora. Tuolumne and AngH» — 4-08»
9.00 a Atlantic Express-Ogden ami East. 4.28*
WOAB «sKo J S. a ! 6.48,
10 20a Vallejo, Dally. Sapa, Sunday only 7.48*
1 0.20a L0« Angele« Paijenger-Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy,
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced,
- lUymond. Fresno, Cosnen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore, VUalla, f
Bakeraacld, Lo» Angele* t 7.08*
10.20 a El P»»o. Kansas City. St Loul» and
Chicago -ALI'V '- 081 "
11.00 a The Overland Limited— Omana,
Chicago, Denyer. Kansas City... 5.43*
11.40aN11cs, San Jos« and Way Stations. 2-48;»
t1 .OOP Sacramento KlTer Steamers „.-.... TI 1-OOfW
3.20P Port Costa, Martlneiußyron.Tracy. ' f
Modesto, Merced. Fresno 1208*'
3.40P Benlcia, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MaryiTllle and OroTilla 10.48 a
v 3.40P Hay ward. XHes, and Way Station* 7.43*
4-COPVallejo, Martinez, San Ramon,
JJapa, Callstoga, Santa Ko«a 9.23 a
4.oopXUes, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl. 10-28 A
4.40P Hay ward. Mies. Irvlngton, San I f8.48A
Joae, LiTennore ...I J11.43*
5-OOPThe Owl Limited— Newman. Loa
Banos. Mcndotit. Fresno, Tulara, .
BakSrsfleld, Lo» Angeles " 1.43 a
B.OOPGolden State Limited— El Paso, -
\u25a0 Kansas City, St. Louis and
Cntcago 8.48 a
tS.2Op Hay ward, XHes and San Jose 7.03 a
6.2QpYallejo, Tort Costa, Benlcia, Bnl-
snn, Sacramento 11.23 a
6-OOpEaurra £xpre»»— Omaha, Chtcasro, -
Denver, Kansas City, St. Louis,
Martinez, Stockton, Sacramento,
Reno, Sparks. Montello. Ogdea .. 12.43»
6.2oPHayward, Mies and San Jo»» 9.48 a
7. 00P Reno Passenger— Pore Costa, Be-
nlcia, Salsun, Elmira, Dlxon.
Davis. Sacramento. Uazen. Tono-
pah, Goldfleld and Keeler 7.08 a
?4)CPValleJo, Crockett and Way Sta-
tions, Sunday only 11.28 a
8-20P Oregon* California Express— Sac- -
ramenta Marysvllle. Redding;"
Portland. Pnget Sound and East. 8.43 a
3.oopHayw»rd, Nlles and San Jose (San- »
dayonly) 111.48 a
COAST LI N E <*arr<m Uaage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8-15 Newark, CentervlUe. San Jose.
Folton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Crnz and Way Stations 5 sa*
t2.lspNewark. CentervlUe, San Jose,
New Almaden. LosGatos, Feiton,
Boulder Greek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations t10.55*
-4.1 spNewark.p Newark. San Jose, Los Gatos .... | \u2666\u25a0jolsSa
9.4spHunters Train — (Saturday only)
Sun Jose and Way Stations i 7 59»
COAST LINE (WroaU Uau«e). ,«
ry (Third and Townsend Streets.) i Jf
6.10 a San Jose and Way SUiious 6.30 m
7.00 a Snn Jose and Way Stations 6-40f»
B.Coa New Almaden (Tues., Fri., only).. 4-IQp
B.ooa The Coaster— San Jose, Salinas,
San Ardo, Paso Bobles, Santa
Margarita. San Luis Oblspo,
Gnadalupe, Gavlota, Santa Bar-
bara, San Buenaventura, Oxnard,
Burbank, Los Angeles IQ.3CP
S.OOAGtlroy, Uulllster. Pajaro, Castro- -
ville. Del Monte, Pacific Grove,
Surf. Loridoc 10-30*
B.ooa San Jose. Trea Plnos. Watsonvllle,
Capitola, Santa Cruz, Pacific
Grove. Salinas. San Lais Obispo
and PrSttpal Way Stations 4.1 0*
10-30 A San Jone and Wny Stations.'. 1-20(*
11. 30 a San Jose and "Way Stations 7.40p
§-15p San Jose and Way Stations ........ 8-36 a
OOP Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
San Jose, Watsonvlue, Santa
Crnz, Del Monte, Monterey
Pacific Grove 12.15*
t3 OOP Los Gatos. Wright, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cra2. via Santa Clara and
Harrow Ganges 1043 a
3-30PSouth San FrHncisco. San Jose,
Gilroy, Holltster, ITes Plnos 10.45 a
4-30PSan Jose and Way Stations t7.55a
t5 OOP Santa Clara, Snn Jour. Los Gatos, t9-OOA
J5-30pSanJoseand Principal Way Stations 53.40 a
6-4SPSanset Express— Redwood. San
Jose. Gilroy. Salinas, Paso
Roblea. San Luis Oblspo, Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles, Demlng,
El Paso, Hew Orleans 9-10 a
B-45PE1 Paso, Kansas City, Sc Louis.
Chicago 9.10 a
B.4aPPaJaro, Wat son Till c, Capitola.
Santa Crnz. Castrortile, Del
"Monte, Pacific Grove 10-30*
t6-15PSan Mateo, Iteresford, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
llenlo Park. Paio Alto t8.48A
6-30P San Jose and Way Stations 6.36 a
8-OOPPaIo Alto and Way Stations 10.15 a
1 1.30PSouth San Francisco. Mlllbrae, Bur-
Ilngsme. baa Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park and Palo Alto 9.45*
11.30pSaturdays only for Mayfleld. Moun-
tain View. Sunnyvale. Lawrence,
- - - Santa Clara ami San Joae 19.45*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
( Foot of Market SO .
Daily except Sunday, 7.10, 9.00, 1 1.00 a. r,f «
1.30,3.30.5.30 p.m.
Sunday only, 7.30 . 9.00. 10.30 a. m.; 12.00 *\u0084
1.30. 3.00, 4.30. 600. 7.30 p. m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
tSandayexceptcd- tSundayonly. Mlonday only.
5 Dally, and stops at ail stations on Sunday.
CALIFOBNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlbaron Ferry. Foot of Alarket street.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— ?:3O. 9:00 a. m.; 12:33, S:'M.
5:10. 6:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:CO. 9:30 a. m.; 12:33. 3:30. 3:10,
6:30 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:OS, 7:35. 7:50. 8:20 a. m.;
12:50. 3:40. S:CO 5:20 d. -m.
SUNDAYS— 6:OS. S:CO. 8:16. 9:40 a. m.; 3:40.
4:50, 5:00. B:2(>. 6:.H> p. m.
\u25a0 Leave I In Effect ! Arrive
San Fran. | Oct. g. 11)05. \u25a0 San Fran.
Week ( Sun- I Destina- | Sun- J Week
Days. 1 days. | tlon. ) days. [ Days.
7:30 a 8:0OaS | 9:loa' K:4O»
9:00 a 9:30 a Ijcaoio. il0:40all0:3>a
3:30 p 3:30 p • 6:COp «;20 p
B:10p 5:10 p | 7:30 p|
9:00 a! 9:30 a! N'apa. ! 9:10 a! 8:*0 a
8:10 p) 5:10 pi [ 6:20 p! 6:20 P
7:30 aj - - | 9:10 a.' 8:40*
I S:CO» Novato. (10:40 a,10:25 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p| 6:20 9
5:10 p 3:30 p< and 7:35 pj
15:10 p[ Santa Rosa. » |
7:30 a ~~ J10:40 allO:23 a
8:00 a Fulton. (7:30p 6:20 9
3:SOp 3:30 p } \-
j j "Windsor j i
7:30 a; S:CO a Healdaburs |10:40 a 10:23 a
I Lytton / \u25a0 I
8:30 p! 3:30 p Geyservllla I 7:30 p. 6:20 9
I Cloverdala } , 1 '
7:30 a! 8:00a| Hopland l0:40a'10:25 a.
3:3op|3:Sopj and Cklah T:3op'6:2Op
i I Wllllts and I j
7:Soa[ 8:00 a! Sherwood. 1 7:30 pi 6:20 9
7:30 a! 8:00 a| 110:40 ailO:*Js a.
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Guemeville. { 7:30 PI «:2t> p
7:30 at g:0Oa! Sonoma. 1 9:10 ai S:4Oa
. 5:10 p[ 5:10 pi Glen Ellen. I «:'X>p 6:2t»p
7:3oa| 8:C0al (10:40 a|10:23 »
3:3t>p 3:.-.Op! Sebastcpol. i 7:30 pi 6:20 p
,5:10 pj I 1
STAGES connect at Gr»»*n T?rae Tor San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa tor White Sulphur
Springs and Mark We« Springs; at l.ytton
for Lyttdn Storinssi: at . Geyservllle for Skusrsa
, Springs; at Cloverdate for the Geys?n». Boon-
vtlle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs: Highland Springs. Kelafiyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. . Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot SDringsi; at
Uklah for Vichy Sprtnjrsv Saratoga Spring
Blue Lakes. Laura Dell I^ake. Witter Springs,
Upper Lake. Porno. Potter valley.- John Day's,
Lierly's, Hultville. Orr"s Hot Springs, Half-
way House. Comptche. Hopktns. , Mendocino
City, Fort Brass. Westport and U«al: at Wlt-
Uts for Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for
Fort Brasc. Cahto. Lovelo, Laytonvllle, Cnm-
mlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Hnbbard. Fruit-
land. \u25a0 Dyer. Garberville. Camp 5, Pepperwood,
Scotia and Eureka,
Saturday and Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. ...
On Sunday— Round-trip tfekets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rate».
Tlcket-offtce. U3O Market st. Chronicle build-
.^saS. AGIER. R. X. HTAN.
Gen. Manager. G«n. Pass. Agt.
Weekly Calf
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAB.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.^: .
Wall-street Stocks several points higher. Cotton lower .
Money on call 10(0)75 P er cent: Silver slightly lower.
Local Mining and Oil excJumgcs adjourn to Tuesdy.
Wheat and Barley Futures higher. Other Grains uncliang'ed.
'Beans firm. Hay dull and easy. Feedstuff s steady.
= Butter, Cheese and Eggs still in slender supply.
Dried Ffidis continue very firm eyeryzvkere.
H' 001, Hops and Hides as previously quoted.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables unchanged.
Poultry firm, with Turkeys higher. Game firm,
rresli Fruits in good supply and quiet.
EASTERN MARKETS.
. »W York 3loney Market.
NEW TORK, Deo. 29. — Close: Money on
•rail, stringent, 3u@35 p*r cent; railing rate, 40
<~*l per cent; last loan, «) per cent; closing
td ; t0 per cent; offered, «o per cent.
'Clnie money, slronjr; e:xi>- and ninety Uays
>d ytx months. 6 per cent, with additional
*"cmmi**ion for Fh'ort dates, making the rate 7
per cent and upvard.
Prime mercantile pEper S'^ffO per cent
Sterling exchange was firm, closing heavy.
*vith actual l>u?lnp*-s in bar.xers- hills at 54.85";5
04.£5»> lor demand and at $4.815«^4.5155 :or
•fixty day bills.
Torted rates. $4 83©4 83'.^ and $1 SBy.@4 S7.
• ' 'fmmerolal *ll!s, M.^p.^lM s .
I^y ESlvcr.v«4%c.
• Mvxlcan fiollar«, sOc.
Übferomeat bonds, Etrong; railroad bonds,
. tirm. . ..- t -:
•„ . »w York Stock Slarket.
SLY.. YORK, Dec. 29.— For practical pur
;-.>(> io-day was the last day of the year on
Jiie. Stock.' Exchange. There are no leans or
d»Mveri«>s on Saturdays, leans made on Friday
. carrying over until the following Monday, and
*6i<>cks purt-hat«^l on Friday are to be paid for
• or. "the following Monday, As Monday Is ihe
Neva Year's holiday, the Fettlement lor' to-day's
. transactions in the stock market will be fle
*fi»«"tl. ia effect until the turn of the year.
!• "J.'his f3ct w-B9 made the baris of the speculative
furor which pervaded the stock market to-day
• from fctart to finish and carried dealings to the
tis-b-Ynfllinn Fhare level. It was argued that
for the January 1 settlement mu*t
-. >ow t^ c'rynpleted and th<? stress In the money
--rna*rk«-t. must have done Its worpt. As a matter
i" <»r.isct, there was less severity in the money
• strinscriO' to-day than on the two previous
\u25a0 *dlj^. The rate, was carried up to 75 per ct-nt
• dvrir-.g the urgent demana ot the first part cf
•*he" day. but fell back rather promptly to the
neighborhood of 5u per cent and even oelow
•that.. Compared with yesterday, tho monfy
c • market wa« rejrardod at-, rasy, and to-day'e
: ' rati-s wcrt cheerfully ana *v*n eagerly paid.
o Ther6 i* a deep-ruoted conviction among the
" speculative continsent in the stock market that
a vast organization exists among- tne m^s't
powfrful iapltuJifts in the country which ia
'argely rerponsiL-le for the severe stringency
*| * 'Money of the last week in the year. The
'"•iperatore In sUK-ke of less imposing resources
! assert their belief that the aforesaid powerlul
Bcapita8 capita! ists have accumulated vast resources in
their own hands with the purpose of squeezing
the monty market, forcing out stocks from
other .hands and gathering thorn into their owu
Vith the purpose of realizing the great profits
which are to accrue when the enormous waiting
'demand for etocks deve'opa with the later re
luxatioa In the money market. It is with de
tefiEihatlon to defeat this alleged plan that the
active speculators have cheerfully paid exorbi
zs?nt money ratea rather than part with tht-ir
stocks. Tbe belief In the substantial character
of the accumulation cf stocks was fostered by
th« prominence in the marKet cf United States
Steel, Union Pacific and Amalgamated Copi*-r.
It -is the common assumption of the epeculalive
public that these stocks are the favorites for
purposes of stock market operations of the
moft Influential groups of capitalists in the
country.. The many rumors which were preva
lent yesterday cf expected measures to relieve
ttte mosey t-ituation were not verified in any
o caee to-day. The market closed firm at about
otl^ top. . The strength of the market was so
jKen«>ral at to require no specification. The sen
sational rise in Anaconda was a repetition of
cc tl/r- recent movement in that stock.
oßondsr. were firm. Ti/tal sales, par value,
s • \u25a0 • . -. -
"United 'Ptptes 2s advanced per cent and
tlie 3*3 and old 4s 5 ,i per cent each on call.
.''..: ..-Xevr York fetock LUt.
SVDCks-r- * " Sales. Hizh. Low. Oose.
A§&ms Express .... 235
lAmalg 'Coiner •• • .30»,*J» 110 107 ii lW»*i
4m Car'&'Fdy... 7.fx» 41»i 4u% 41
*°j3b pfd ". 2>M} 100 ICXt Wi
\px Ctotton-01l 19,U>0 4O»i 38 391,
? Do pfd 300 »2 »l"i 80
Ajn JCxpress ;.....' H>rt 222 222. 2^
Am lIMe &L. pfd. l.OK) 4:j 42*4 42<i
American Ice I.Bo* 35 ( S4i« 34U
Am Linseed 0i1.... SfO 21^ 211^ 21
iSo Pfd 3'.tO 42', s 42 42U
Am LocomaLii c . .. 3.UOU 73 JO 72 T >
I>o pfd 2W) 117 116' i 116'
Atti Smelt &. R*g.. 41.C100 370 167 IK)
, °<*>o pfd ..* 7.400 130« i ISO 130
Am Sugar Rt-rg... l.!» 00 15S>i 1524 153
Am Tobacco pM.. J. 600 106 l i H5» t ll>s-'g
Vificon Mm C0~1,0j1,400 2UV t 272 258%
•Tttehlson . .' 18,2ih> 89' a JsSV» 89
Uo pfd 200 103 JO5 l<H*i
• Atlantic Coast I,ine 500 I<V> 157 159
r . 'lialtlmore & Ohio.. 9,500 113.i 112 7 4 113'^
. • -Do pfd -- .- VI
..\u25a0Brooklyn Hap Tran 12.40<> S9Vi BS*4 SS'i
. Canadian TaciSc .. 32.400 176 174' 174%t
Cent Leather 3,€ oft 45*<i 4O'i 45%
, Do pM <HX» 103% I03«a 103>a
..OMSlral of N J 300 222 222 222
" <."h*sap*ake 4- Ohio 32.&»0 57 54' i sfi%
. '<-hica£o & Alton... 400 22 SO' S3
• I>o pfd 69
• •V-'ii'-apo Gt West.. 5.500 21% 21 21
• .Chicago & N TV.:. &i 0 221 220" >8 221
(:Tii Mil & St Paul. 17.700 162 ISO 181 >$
' .Chi Term & Trans. ICO 14% 14% 14
- Do- pfd 3414
I CCC^'St I»uls. 400 10SH 105 10SU
Colo Fuel «r Iron.. 14.300 57^ 564 56* i
|>rado.& South.. 10.200 29% 29"4 29H
o- Isfpfd ft.200 63% 69 C 3
o2d pfd 7.400 55 52 53
solidatcd Gas .. 2,700 181 17» 181
n Produru 20.700 21 19'^ Jf»%
o pfd • 3.200 «3«4 Co*i 60
& Hudson 300 224 222 22Hi
l«ck A Wett 445
ver & Hio Gr.. 4.200 ?.!>% 3ft BftVi
o pfd 100 RS 8S \u25a0 87%
.tilers' Sees 3,700 13% 53 58 3 ,V
» ....' 59,700 49'S 47% 4f114
0 3st pfd 900 81Vi 80 81
32d pi d 7.200 73 72« 74%
eral Electric... 1,500 177 17CV4 176
kin* Valley 5.600 121H 112% 110%
Illinois Ontral 1.200 175.4 175 J75
International Paper 600 23 22% "22H
Do pfd.. 200 53% 53% 83%
International Pump' .... 2C
Do pfd 7SV»
lotra Central 500 29*4 28^4 21)
.Do pM 300 tS*Ji Ggi* 6S>4
X C Southern 3.ICKJ is*l • 84»J 3** i
Do. pfd 3,800 CSaJ 67 -€3
I>ouls & Nash 9,400 J53 15114
w. Manhattan I> 100 IR2 IG2 IC2
JTMet Securities. 3.300 75V 74U 75
A Mrt Et Ry 8.000 li«5S 125^1 125W
Mexican Central... 14.4C0 25% 25 23%
Mica &Et touls.. 1,000 £1% BO>4 81
M. Et P & 8 S M.. 1.100 145 142% 142 Vi
Do pfd....-» 3CO ICS«i ICB 167%
• Missouri Pacific 6.600 101 100 100%
. Mo -Kan & Texas.. 8,400 37% 37 37U
• r>, pfd. J.OOO .71 «s% 70-J4
National LeafTJ.... 3,500 SG% 85 85
\u25a0 • Nil RB of Mcx P rd 700 .-59 SSM SS%
New York Central. 22,000 IR4 163 153U
• *v T Ont & West. 2.300 £2% 61% 82M,
Norfolk & Western. 7,»00 Ss^ " M 84%
DO prd 100 9.-JH 03% 02%
"North* American... 400 OT% »|U 98%
•XorthPrn Pacific... 4.000 206 203 205
Peciac Mail 200 48H <H 4S',i
Pennsylvania 111.800 144«4 143% 144%
reop]t: 8 Gas 8.200 101. 100% 100'^
• P. O C \u25a0&. St Louis 87
Pr*f«M St^l Car.. 20,«00 s«»i 55 60
Do pfj 100 J fK > 100 »9«i
Pullman Palace Car 200 245 215 245
needing «7,000 138« i J37« ISS%
. Do let pTd 200 »2% 52% 02
Do2dpfd 300 96% 9C% 9>J
lUpublie Fictl..... 4,000 35 349» UV*
Do pfd.. ......... *».D0» 107% 10S 106i,i
• Rock .Wand C 0.... 8,600 24 U 23% 24%
I» pfd 600 €2% 62 62
rubber Goo<is 100 40% 40% 40
' Do pfd 101
St L. *SF 2d pfd 000 49 4*»» 45%
St Louis S W 1.6"0 22U 22 22
Do Pfd 1.100 6694 55?; 65%
Flap* Khcffleld 3,200 W)% 89% 89
Southern Pacific... 8,600 6«% CCU 6(?»4
0o pfd J.lOO 11S% 118 .117-4
Southern Sal'way.. 13.0C0 SW 35«4 3."%
• Do Pfl 100 100 100 100
• Term Coal & Iron. R. 200 134 132% l*m;
Texas Sr Padfio ... 1.100 33% 33»i 33*4,
Tole-30 Pt Ia & W. . 200 26V4 SOU 30%
' Do pM 300 68 67 56%
\u25a0T'nlon Pacific 221.900 /51? i 149% 15ltf
•no P M • GOO'itO 99 99.
r fi KJtprees 100 J23% 123% . 120
,-k,SHealty 300 JW) -: 88 88
\u25a0CB6 Rubber 2.500 C 2% 81% 52.;
Wfo-Pfd '00 110 10»»i 109
V S Steel 47.800 42% 40*»i 42%
V!r-Car Chemical.. 29,700 &S*4 66% 57
Do prd 1.200 117% 117 116%
Wells Fargo Exp.. 2CO 245 245 250
Westlnphouse Elec 1- ,
Western Union ... 1.100 OS'i C2»4 OoH
W & Lake Erie 1,600 ISft- IS 18U
' Wisconsin Central. 400 29% 29ft 29ft
! Do pfd 100 Cl 61 kO-M
Total cales. .. 1 .030,000
; N>tt Yort Bonds.
U 6 ref 2s reg..102% Japan e S . 2d ser. 95»4
Do coupon 10S% Do 4 Vis, cert.. 92 J»
Do 3s reg 102»4 Do 2d series... Wft
Do coupon 103 L& N unified 45.10»
' Do oM 4s reg. lo3 Man con gold 4s.loa*U
Do coupon H. 4 Mcx Central 4e...»50S
I>o new 4s rpg.1301.; ek> Ist mc 25H
Do coupon lSoH|Minn & St I- is \\ 9 '.
Arr.er Tcb 4s SCftjM. X & Tex 45. 100%
Do C« 115 Do 2ds *•*
Atch gen 4s 102*4 NR of Mcx con 4s S^
Do adj 4s 95 NYC gen 3fts. . 99
Atlantic C L. 45.101% N J C gen 65....1^4J*
Bait & Ohio 4s.lC3>ri Nor Pacific 45... 105,*
Do 3'ss 96 DO Ss V,A,'ii
. Bror.VUnRT c 4s 99<"i Nor & W oon 4s. 101 ft
. Central of Ga 55.113 IO S L refdg- 45... »«
. Do Ist mc 93ft|Pa cony Sft«..7;lo|ft
Do 2d inc.^. .. 81V Reading gen 4j>... 10.51^
Do 3d Inc 75Vij S L & I M con Ss.ilO
I Che« & Ohio 4Vss.loB |SL& 8 F fg 4s. 8i *»t
\u25a0 Chi * Alton 3^s S« |EtL S W con 4s. SI
i C, B& Q new 4£.IC2H4 £ .1C2H Seaboard A L 4s. S3
i C, RI & Pac 4e. Tau-'So Pacific 4s 91
Do col 59 K8"4I Do Ist 4s cert. 96%
C.C.C & SL(jn 45.102^!?0 Railway 6e...120%
Colo Ind ss. er A 7Mt,!Tex & Pac lets.. 122
Do ss. per 8... 7-S% Tol.St L & W 4s. S3 ft
' Cola Midland 4s. 77 (Union Pacific 45.10tJ I / i
: Colo & So 45... 9-i%\ Do cony 4s ....150Vi
Cuba 5s 10o\lt* S Steel 2d ss. 9Cft
I>-n & Rio G 48.10ia4| Wabash lsts 115%
Dlst SecuriUes 5s S3 I Do deb B 74»4
Erie prior lien 4s. lf'2 Western Md 45.. 85ft
Do gen 4s 93ft W & L Erie 45.. 91
Hrck Val 4>45...109% Wis Central 45... »5
Japan Cs 99<*i
fVevr York Mlninsr Stocks.
Adams Con 25] Little Chief ..'... 07ft
Alice 2 20 Ontario 2 50
Brtece 40| Ophlr 6 68
Bruns Con 67 Phoenix 02
Coin Tunnel 09*4 Potoel 06
Ton Va Mm Co.' 1 16] Savage 48
Horn Silver 1 75: Sierra Nevada .. 23
iron Silver 3 60 Small Hopes . r '2
Leadvllle Con ... 06 j Standard 360
Boston Stock* anil Ilonds.
Money— |n S Steel ;-M...l(lfi;i
Call loans 7@loj Westing. Common. 85
Time loans S'AftC Mining—
BomJfi — J Adventure C 1 -*
Atohison 4s 10l*>iJ Allouez 45Ms
Do adj 4* JW I Amal Copper 109%
Mcx Central 45.. 79 | Amer Zlne 15V4
Railroads — j Atlantic :. 26
Atc-hison SS'ii'Bingham 35
Do pfd 1 04T4 Calumet & Hecla.7ls
Boston & Albany .2s4 | Centennial 28ft
Boston & Maine.l7l 1 Copper Range ... 82*4
Boston Elcv ISSftfDaly West 17,*
Fitchbtirg pfd. ..142 IDom Coal 75
Mcx Central 25^4' Franklin 17*4
N V. N H & H..105 jGranby 9%
Vnion Pacific ..151%! Isle Itojale 25
Miscellaneous — S ! Mase Mining .... 10'^
Amer Arge Chem 23 j Michigan 17Vi
Do pfd 92 'Mohawk 62
Amer Pneu Tube 13 | Mont Coal & Coke 4*i
Amer Su^ar 152?4 North Butte 57%
Do j>fd i-59 Old-Dominion ...38
Amer Tel & Te1.137 1 4 Osceola 1C8»4
Amer W001en.... 42ft | Parrot- 41; i
Do pfd lOoHslQuincy 106
Dom Iron & 5 ... 27 j Shannon 7
Ed Elect Ilium. .241 | Tamarack .117-
G.fn Electric • 17<i Trinity '..-.•.. .y..-. lf> -
Mass KUetrlc ... IVft] United Copper ... t)7
Do pfd 60»<,:U S Mining..... 44%
Mass Gas 46> ! 4:U S 0i1.... 12»4
United Fruit ...KXI^ Utah 54%
Un Shoe Mach. . . 72 Victoria ;.... CV4
Do pfd mVi Winona ••• 8U
U S Steel 4£k Wolverine 131
THE COPPER STOCKS.
BOSTON. Dec. 29. — The traders eeemed to
recover from their fear of tight money and
eiocks were boomed a!l throiish this list.
Tamarack and Osceola declared $3 and $4 r<—
Fp^ctivcly dividends and this attracted atten
tion to the Lake coppers, which were more
active than for many weeks past. The Tam
arack dividend declared clx months ago was
$2 per Fhare. The Oseeola dividend six months
and a year ago was $2. Massachusetts, Michi
gan and Royal all showed good advances, clos
ing near the top. Parrott furnished the great
est activity, rising from 34 to 42.
London Closing; Storksi.
Cons for money. J<9ft'. N V Central 15<>ft
Do for acct. $9 3-16' Nor & Western.. S6»B
Anaconda ... 13»i : Do pfd ]85ft
Atchison 91V<t|Ont & Western.. 53
Do p'd lt'B Pennsylvania .... 74ft
Bait & Ohio 117 Rand Mines ..... 6%
Can Pacific 179*4 Reading 70%
Ches & Oliio 50^ Do Ist pfd... ..47 ft
Chi Grat Western 22 Do 2d pfd 49ft
Chi. Mil &St P.ISS So Railway 36ft
De Beers 17% Do pfd 103
Den & Rio G... 40% So Pacific 6Sft
D o Pfd 90»; Union Pacific ...154»i
Erie 49»4 Do pfd 101 ft
Do let pfd 5294 U S Steel 42%
Do 2d pfd 75 Do pfd 109 ft
111 Central 179 ft Wabash 21ft
Louis & Nash. ..lssft] Do pfd 42
M. X & T*xa«... 3&%| Spanish 4s 91ft
Bar silver — Steady; 23 15-lCd per ounce.
Money — 4 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market
for ehort . bills .is 4 p*r cent and for three
months' bills 4 per cent. :>:,.
Bank Clear! n ssi. .
NEW. YORK, Dec. 29.— The following table,
complied by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ending-
December 2S, with the percentage ; of . Increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
r-Per Cent-,
Cities — Amount. Inc. \u25a0 Dec.
•New York $1,909,553.495 C 0.9. 9 ....
•Chicago '. 204.575.847 81.4 ....
•Boston 126 572.637 22.2
•Philadelphia .... 130.i42,e83 15.S ....
•St. Louts 47,790,668 3.4 ....
Plttsburg 51,048,128 35.3 ....
•San Francisco... 31.381,887 .4
Cincinnati 23,457,550 19.8 ....
•Baltimore 20,419.052 85.8 ....
•Kansas City 21,"C05,675 25.4 ....
•New Orleans 21,593,524 8.5 ....
•Minneapolis J8.955.584 7.8 ....
•Cleveland 14,12.7,«14 20.1 ....
•Louisville ....... 9,90.845 17.1 ....
Detroit 10.040,729 17.7 ....
•Milwaukee 8.634.273 16.0 ....
Omaha 8,120,008 14.1 ....
•Providence 7,459,900 34.5 ....
•Los Angeles 7.77.1.330 24 S
•Buffalo ..C 6,801,051 12.6
Indianapolis 6.752.582 14.4. ....
•St. Paul \u25a06,576.853 11.7 ....
Memphis 5,220,211 .... * 8.6
•St. Joseph 3.776,951 1.8 ....
Richmond 4.679,537 17.0 ....
Denver 6,788,200 16.2 ....
Columbus 5.<5Z5,a00 21.4 . .
Seattle 6,905, «34 88.5 ....
Washington 4,323,308 26.4 ....
•Savannah ....^.. 4,909,500 49.3 ....
Albaey.,.. 4.649,149". 82.5 ....
•Portland. 0r..... 3,921,676 ' 32.9 ....
Fort W0rth....... 6.408,031 -26. S ....
•Toledo, Ohio 8.863,24.1. 7.8
Atlanta...: 8.«27,527 42.2
| Halt Lake City... 4,605,580 49.7 '...;
! Rochester 2.5««.1»29 8.8 ....
• Peoria ...: 2,073,000 10.1 ....
Hartford 2,803,153. 29.2 ....
Naohyille 3,402,900 61.7 ....
•Spokane. Wash.. 3.417,256 48.7 ....
Dcs M01ne5....... 2.232,557 46.1 ....
Tacoma 3,773,»e9 33.0 ....
New Haven 2.040.006 " 24.3 ....
Grand Rapids .1.841.755 10.5 ....
Norfolk 1,917,087 3.5 ....
Dayton 1,58R,375 13.1 ....
Portland. Me 1,544,143 31.1 ....
Sprlngflcia. Mass.. 1,030,437 40.7 ....
Aup-usta. Ga 1,475,028 .... 6.2
Evanevllle ...... 1.313,298 .... 8.1
eioux city........ i,s6i,ese 4i.i
•Birmingham 1,798,744 V 25.1 ....
SyracuEe ......... 1,234,4« 18.3, ....
Worcester ........ 1,223,451 36.2
KnorvUle ......:. 1.296.583 34.1
Charleston; 6. C. . 1.332.1 M 22.4 ..;.
J 'Kl io:? :-:::
Srr.-, H:l \u25a0\u25a0::::
Little Bock ..... 1.074.740 SS.i ....
Topcka \u0084 C 82.55.1 * ....- . 28.5
Chattanooga' 910, wo 27. (» ....
Jacksonville. Fla. 1.007.818 25.1 ....
Ka'amaioo. Mich. 706,285 16.0 ....
•Springfield. 111... Ji *t' o »* iy '•"
Fall River ....... 810.978 65.6 ....
Wncellns. W.Va. 692,423 8.8 ....
THE -;s AN; : FRANGISGO^'GALLgS ATURDAYjfpEGEMBER : 30, - 1905;
Macon 755,635 90.1 ....
Helena , 567. 327 - 22.9 ....
Lexington 618.C16 02.2 .••«
Akron 425.400 ;... "6.1
Canton. Ohio 353,718 6.1
Fargo, N. D * 802,354" 72.4 ....
You ngstown ..... 759,082 70.1 ....
New Bedford ..*.. 678,830 : 87.8 ....
Rockford, 111..... 651,381 . 29.1 ....
Lowell 476.791. 28.6 ....
Chester Pa. 407.578 SO.r .'...
Blnghamton 309.900: 11.1 . ... •
Bloomlngton 111.. 348,697 21.6 ' ....
Ppringfleld. "Ohio.. 269,996 ...*. 21.1
Greensburg, Pa... 432,060 23.7 ....
Qulncy, 111 408.9*4 34.4 ....
Decatur. 11l 271,957 14.8 ....
Sioux Falls" B. D. 271.158 38.2 ....
Jacksonville 111.. 248,045 .'..'- 8.7
Mansfield 0hi0. .. 245,012/24.7 ....
Premont. Neb 200,898, 39.1 ....
Cedar Rapids..... 505.212 C 9.4 , ....
38.190.682 16.1 '....•
tGalveeton 12.654,000 25J2 ....
Total, U. 5... 52,828,063,634 40.0
Outside New York 019.110,118 21.9 : ....
CANADA.
Montreal |21.643.88S 29.0 ....
Toronto 18.fi.V5.377 56.2 ....
Winnipeg .' 3,790,939 7.0 > ....
Ottawa 2.135.187 16.6
Halifax 1.461*579 , 7.0
Vancouver. B. C. 1,873,207 43.6
Quebec 1,035,802 10.6 ....
Hamilton .... 1,328,717 20.7. .:.j
St. John. N. 8... 917.900 2.3 .....
London Ont " 984.603 31.0 ....
Victoria. B. C... .501,577 13. G ....
Total/canada $59,282,790 25.6 . ....
tNot lnoludjd in totals because containing
other items than clearings. .'Balances paid in
cash. \u25a0*'«-<..: ' \u25a0 . *
London Stock Exchange.
LONDON, Dec. . 29.— The . Stock Exchange
\u25a0will be closed Monday.- January 1."
•''i'sC. Coudltlon-ef the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dccl 20.— T0-day's state
ment ot the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve, • shows available cash • balance, ?139.
35C.7&; gold coin and bullion. $55,554.551;
gold certificates, $51,247,390.
Sfevr York Cotton ; Market.,
NEW YORK. Dec. 9.=-Trading\was of an
evenlng-up character over the . holidays \u0084 and
the market was inclined to sag. There was
some notices out ; on January to the tune "of
15,000 bales, but they seemed to be well taken
and had very little effect on the market. There
were some bullish cables from Liverpool stat
ing that an immense business is being done In
Manchester, and with the outlook in Russia It
will increase all lines of business.- AH cotton
markets will be closed ' to-morrow until next
Tuesday morning.
Cotton futures opened steady. . December,
11.30 c bid; January, U.SSg; March, 11.7Hc;
May, 11.86 c; July, 11.92 c; August, 11.75 c bid;
December, offered, lie; October, 10.80 c bid.
Futures closed steady. January,' ll.3oc; Feb
ruary, 11.40 c; March, ll.Wlc; April, 11.63 c j
May, 11.77 c; June 11.79 c; July, 11.b5c; August,
ll.tH*. „ .
Spot cotton closed quiet. Middling uplands,
11.90 c; " middling gulf, 12.15 c. Sales, 1427
bales. y
>'ew York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 20.— FLOtTR— Receipts,
10,800 barrels; , exports, 25,100 barrelu; sales,
42<K) packages. - - \u25a0 . \u25a0
WHEAT-^Receipts. 143,000 bushels; exports,
113,300 bushels. Spot firm. No. 2 red, 915ic
elevator: No. 1' red, 1).1%c f. o. b. afloat;, No.
1- Northern Duluth, 94^c f. O. b. ailoat. Op
tions — Greater activity and a sharp advance
were the features in wheat to-day; Bulls sup
ported the market and there was considerable
response- to unfavorable Argentine cables,
hleher cables, corn strength and light offer
ings. The market closed %@%c net hieher.
May, OlsfeigUlTsc, closed ' 01% e; July, 88%@
SSTisC, ! cloned SS%c; December, 94Vi<§W%c,
closed 94C«ic ' i
HOPS — Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
PETKOLEU M— Steady.
HIDES— Firm. * , - .
COFFEE^ — Futures T" closed steady at a net
advance of 5«*10 nolntu. Sales, 56.000 bass.
January, 6.25 c; February. 6.35<g-6.40c; March,
6.45®«.t5c; April, 6.55 c; May, 0.65<&6.50c; Sep
tember 0.90©7c.\ • , ._ '
Spot — Rio. steady.
SUGAR— Raw and refined steady.
BUTTER— Unchanged.
CHEESE^Unchaneed. ". )
EGGS^ — Unchanged. '
DRIED FRUITS., \u25a0 -'\u25a0 v. ,
EVAPORATED APPLES— The" market rules
steady-, with demand moderate, "but showing
some improvement compared with early In .the
week. Common are quoted at 7@Bc; nearly
prime, -fl@i»i»c; prime; .9',-ie9%c;-cholce, lOi^o;
fancy* ll@l-c. • : . \u25a0 . , \u25a0
PRUNES — Are ! in light supply on spot, de
mand is moderately good and prices rule' firm,
ranging from 4%c to Be. according to grade.
APRICOTS — Show no f reeh feature. . Choice
are quoted at 9Vj@loc: extra. choice at 10 V4@
10% c, and fancy at 11@ 12c.
PEACHES — Also are unchanged. Extra
choice- are quoted at 10c; fancy at lo*4c, and
extra fancy at:.ll^o>l3c. ,
RAISINS — Are unchanged on spot, with
loose Muacatel6 quoted at S-XSW'/lc:- needed
raisins at s>4@Oc, and London layers at $1 60.
Nevr York .Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 29. — There was another
break in the London tin market, with spot
closing at £100 12s 6d and futures at £100
7s 6d. Tl»e local market continued easy and
spot closed at $35 35@>35 50."
Copper recovered most of yesterday' 6 loss in
the London market and closed at £79 15s tfd
for spot and £79 2s 6d for futures. Locally
the situation was unchanged; lake and elec
trolytic, $18 sO@lB 95; casting, $1* 12'/ii@
18 «..2Vj. - \u25a0 ••, = \u25a0
Lead lower in I»ndon at £17 8s 9d. Locally
the market remained unchanged.
Spelter advanced 7s to £29 2s 6d in London,
but was lower at $6 50®<i 60 locally.
Iron wot unchanged and . lower in the Eng
lish market, with standard foundry quoted at
52s 9d and Cleveland warrants at 545. The
local market was firm' and unchanged. No. 1
foundry, northern, is quoted at $18 75Q>19 35;
No. 2 foundry, northern. $18 25#18 85; No. 2
foundry, southern, at $18 50©18 75; No. 2
foundrj', southern, $188-18 25.
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec.' 29. — The wheat market was
strong, throughout the entire day. | The firm
ness, however, was more due to light offerings
thaji to toiy great amount of buying, the vol
ume of trading on the whole being moderate.
Commission houses and come of the leading
shorts were the principal bidders. The selling
was chiefly by longs. The principal bullish
factor was a cablegram from Argentina, saying
that harvest operations . were ' delayed by wet
weather The market closed strong, with
prices p'ractlcally at the highest point of the
day. May opened fto to V4®>Uo higher at 87@
87ftc to 87Hc advanced- to 87% c and closed
%&%o higher at-87%@57%c. "
Lively bidding by shorts -caused a sharp
bulge in the price of December corn early to
day. The price of old December was advanced
from 50c, the opening quotation, : to 54c, with
scarcely a trade recorded • between those fig
ures. Profit taking caused a severe • setback,
the old' December . closing- - J /4c ' up at 60c. . The
May option was little affected by the erratic
actions of December/but held firm throughout
the day, closing 'Ac up at 44%®44ftc. : ,
The oat market held firm the entire day. May
closed >A@%o up at 32%0. ,
Provisions were strong becaui« of an active
demand by shorts and local bulls. At the close
May pork was up 15@17ftc, lard-was up 10c
and ribs were 7*4@loc higher.
The leading futures ranged a* follows:
Articles — Open." ;; High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—2 — ;
December... .83% '\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0B3ft 83ft 83ft
May.' 87(5, - 87% . 87J| .87%
July ....... A 83ft' 84 S3si 84
Dec, old I.*. 50 64 > 48 60"
Dec new .. 40U 47 -43% 44i,i
May ........ 44% 44ft 44V 4 44ft
July .... 44«4 44% 44?, : 44%
Oatn No. 2 — : • . . " ".
December... 81ft 32V4 3lft 32«4
May-......-. 32 32»4 32 32>4
July SOU 30»» 80ft 30%
Mrss-Pork, per barrel — :
January ....13 47ft: 13 55 13 47ft 13 62ft
May .\T. '..*... 13. 72ft' 13 82ft 13 65 13 82ft
I^ard. per 100 uounds — '-\u25a0\u25a0 :
January ...:7 25 730 7 22ft 7SO
May";...... 7 40 7 60 7 40 7 47ft
July ........ 7 47ft 7 67ft .7 47ft 760
Short Ribs, per 100 t>ound»— .
January ..... 715 7 20 ,; 7 12ft 720
May .:...... 7 32ft 740 k 7 82ft 740
July 7 47ft 7 62ft ' 7.47 ft : 7 62ft
Canh Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Dec 2SJ— Caah quotations *, were
aa follows: Flour.- weak; No. 2 . spring wheat,
84 >4c: No., 3. 81@82ftc; No.- 2 : red. 87®«794c:
No. 2 corn. 42c; No. 2 yellow, '42c; N0..2
oats, 32% c; No. 2 white,- 32ft@32%c;:' No. 3
white. 30" @31ftc : No. 2 rye, : 60®6«ftc ; ; good
feeding barley, 87ft®3794c: .-.-. fair to choice
nialttnv. 41045 c: No. ,I': flaxseed.". sl lO^r'No. 1
Northwestern,, "sl 16;.'. prime: timothy ; ; . need,
53 37ft: mess pork, per barrel, 512 76012 87ft;
lard; per \u25a0 100 pounds, $7 3007 32ft ; i short \u25a0 ribs
sides (loose), $7 10@7 20;- short. clear? side*
(boxed), $7 30®7 35; vwhtsky.v basts • of; high
wines, . $1 30; - clover, contract grade, $13^
13 is. \u25a0;,;;: •\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 -. \u25a0\u25a0-.--\u25a0\u25a0. -.-:• -...:\u25a0\u25a0
Articles — : ( .Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .............. 4.1,400 25,400
Wheat, bu5he15... ........ ."67. 000 22,300
Corn, bushels ...;....... .508,000 " . 252,600
Oats, bushels ......442.400 ; 320,100
Rye, -bushels \u25a0' ll,oo<> ' 2,000
Barley, bushels .T.... .-;. ;-. . 130,000 ' -- ' :'16,7C0: '16,7C0
Hiiiter, Cheese and Ecir«. :'
CHICAGO. Dec 29.— 0n the ] Produce . Ex-
change" to-day the. butter > market wa» ; steady.
Creameries. 17@24&c: dairies, lT®22c. Ekks,
easy at -mark,- cases Included, vlB@23c; -.firsts,
22c;' prime firsts,- 23c; extras, • 27c.'.-;Cneese,
steady 11- -.-; •-\u25a0''• '; \u25a0•. •''. W •\u25a0-.-.
EASTERN LIVESTOCKS MARKET.
•t Chleago. -, -
CHICAGO, Deer 20.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2500; market, -eteady. Beeves; $4 50®5 90; cowa
and • heifers, $1 50@4 7-5 : • Btockers and \u25a0 feeders,
$2 25<54 25: Texana," $3 50@4 25. f -v«a|M|pey»»!
HOGS— Receipts, 15.000; market 10c higher;
estimated to-morrow," 16,000. -. Mixed and butch
ers', $4 90@5 25; good heavy, 85 oci@o 25; rough'
heavy, $1 »o®s; . light,"- *4 00@5 15; pigs. $4 CO
@5 10: -bulk of salee, J5 05©5 20.>.. .
-SHEEP—Receipts, rSOOO: market etrons;.
Sheep, $4®5 75: lambs, \u25a0 $4 75@7.75.
',' Kan ««.\u25a0» City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Dec. • 20.— CATTLE—
Receipts'. 10,000; steady. Native steers, $3 75
@<?: native cows and heifers, $2:3! 4 90; Vtockers
and feeders, $2 75J14 50; -.. bulls, $2 25Q3 75;
calves, . %'iSiQ, 75: Western 'steers, $3 25<54 SO;
Western raws. $2£C(S3 50. 1 \u25a0' ; \u25a0
HOGS — Receipts, CO0O; market s@loc" higher.
: Bulk of sales. $4 9005 10; heavy. $5 05@5 12^;
packers. $54f5 10: pigs and light, $4 40@5.
SHEEP — Receipts. 2000; strong to 10* high
; er. Muttons, $4 50@C; lambs, ?5 75®7 60; range
wethers, $5 40<@t> oi): fed ewes, $4 50@5 35. '.
... \u25a0 . ; ..Omaha. '.' . ," : -
' OMAHA. Nebr., Dec/ 29.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts," 800; steady. Native steers. $3 Go@s 50;
cows and heif era. $2 25(34 25; Western steers,
$3@4 40; Texas feteers, $2 75@3 75; cowa and
heifers, $2 20@3 CO; canners, $1 50@2 25;
stockers and feeders. $2 2561; calves, • $3@6;
! bulls : and stairs, $1 75^3 50. J ,' .
\u25a0 HOGS— Receipts. 7000; steady. 6c higher.
Heavj'. $197%®5 1O; mixed, ?4 95®5; light,
$4f)o@s; pigs, ?4 40@4 60; bulk of sales, $4 05
Q*. \u25a0' ' .. ... \u25a0 ' . y\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0. \u25a0 \u25a0\u0084-'
[f SHEEP — Receipts, 5000. Steady. Yearlings,
*fi©6 2«; wethers. $5 50®5 75; ewes, $4 "C®
5 40; lambs, ?7@7 CO.
MISCELLANEOUS: MARKETS.
Foreign* Future*.
LIVERPOOL; *
" -Wheat— " \ i-'-.V •-'y?l. ' March. May.
Opening ...... ............. 6 lO^i »i'l>
Closing ...... 6 10% 69%
PARIS. ,[
Wheat — Dec. Mar.- June.
Opening *; . . . .- '.23 ?,0 : 24 05
Closing t '...:..» 23 25 :'. 24 05-
F lour— : . • .. . . •
Opening 30 85' 3150 ~
Closing 30 00 1 31 50 .
St. LoulM AVool Market.*
-ST. LOUIS^ Dec. 29.-^- Wool steady; medium
grades, combing and clothing. 2U@.JOc; light,
fine. 2K&26C; heavy, fine. ;19@21c; tub washed,
33@41K,c. ;.-.:. v§ ' . '
Northern Wheat Market.
• V /OREGON./ V , ..
PORTLAND, ' Dec. 2». — Wheat— Export :
Club, 71912 c: bluestenv 72@73c; red, 67@0Sc;
valley, 73c. \u25a0/ : \u25a0
' .WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 29." — WH^t unchanged. Ex
port: Bluestem, 73c;~'club, ilc; red, CSc.
Xortheru Bualneas. '.'
\u25a0 PORTLAND/ Dae. £9.— Clearings,* sB4o,9s9;
balances, $10U,C87. . - ,
1 TACOMA; Dec. 29. — Clearings,' 5034,086; bal
ances. $4:t,090.
SPOKANE. Dec. 29.— Clearings, - $523,365;
balances, $S3.CCS. \u25a0• . • \u25a0 ' - . * • J
SEATTLK. Dec. 29.— Clearings, $901,001;
balances, $158,078.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and \u25a0 Bullion.
•^M'-i" LOCAL. , V"'"°
Pterlihs Exchange, sixty days.. — *. Q\ 83
Sterling . Exchange, sight .*. — @H 86
Sterling : Exchange, cables 1"...;. — \ JJ4 g-.
New Exchange, sight -— '\u25a0 @. 03
New ' York Exchange, telegfaphlc - — v»© 07^4
Silver,' per ounce .:..': Qi%ds —
Mexican Dollars .- — @ 50
INTERNATIONAL.
New^ York on Paris : .;.. 516%
New, York on Mexico. .. ....^. ......... ..10U
Paris on 1x>nd0n...... ....... t,....\ ...23.08^
Berlin on London ..: 20.40%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Chicago was %c higher. The only
news from abroad - was a' cabl§ from Broom
hall, saying: -"The Spanish Wheat crop -Is
officially estimated this year .at 81,600,000
bushels. A year ago- the crop was 96,000,000
bushels." . . r \u25a0 . :... .
\ In this market futures were somewhat higher
and more active owing to the dry* weather and
the strength at. Chicago. - Conditions In cash
grain remainetl as before.
. . CASH WHEAT. "
California Club, $1 42ft; California Whit*
Australian, *1 47ft@l 52Vi: lower grades of.
California Wheat, $1 12ft©l 30; Northern
Club,: spot, $1 40; Northern Bluestem. $1 42ft;
Northern Red. $1 35. • . <
' . , ! FUTURES.
. .Session 9 to 11:30 a. m;|§pl|si
' Open. High. Low.. Close.
May; $1 40% $1 40% SI 40% $1 40ft
'2. p. ' m." Session. -" \u25a0'' \u25a0'""' . 'if
\u25a0'\u25a0 " • Open." * High. \u25a0 Low. '" Close.
May .51 40U $1 .40tf $1 40>4 ;\u25a0s! 40^
BARLEY^-Tho advance in futures led sell
ers of -the cash grain, to ask higher prices for
Feed, but they were unable to get -them. The
market was firm. ( however, at the old quota
tions, with sales at $1 22ft.'- •
CASH BARLEY. ; ...
Feed, $1 Is@l 17ft for common and $i>lB%
©1 22ft for good to choice; Brewing. |1 224Cp
1 25;, Chevalier. $1 20@l 35 per ctl.
' / " FUTURES.
Session 9to 11:30 a. ni. "
Open. High. ' Low. Clo*e.'
May .... ?t 23 '$123 . $1 23 *1 23 -
December ... 1 23 % 123% 1 23% 1 2U%
2 . p. m. \u25a0 Session. '
*\u25a0 >'\u25a0)'.; \u25a0 ' Open.' High. : Low. Close.'
May $1 22% $1 22%- $1 22%. $1 22%
OATS — Arrivals are light, but so is the de
mand, and the market shows no change, "-i
Red, ?1 50Q,l U2ft ' for choice seed, $1 30®
1 40 for fair to good and $1 25 for common:
Black. $1 60@l 75 for good to choice for seed
and down t 0 $1 25 for ordinary feed; White,
$1 37%@1 50: Grays, . nominal. \u25a0 •
CORN — There wero no . further changes yes
terday. The market continues quiet. . - ;
Western sacked, $1 42ft for Yellow, $1 87ft
fcr White and $1 40 for Mixed; California large
Yellow, $1 25@1 42ft; small round do, ?1 55;
White. $1 37ft : Egyptian $1 40@l 42ft tot
White and SI 25@1 30 for Brown.
RYE-J1 42ft@l E2ft per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 60@l 75 per ctl.
» V- -.."\u25a0*:. .' ;
Flour ' and \u25a0 Farlnaceona Good*.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 80®
5 10," usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70Sf5;
Oregon and, Wa«hlngton, $3 75@4 25 per bbl.
FARINACEOUS GOODS— Prices In packages
are ,- as . follows : - Graham Flour $3 25 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour. $3 75; Rye Meal. $3 50; Rice
Flour, 58; Corn Meal. 52 75; extra Cream do,
*3 75; Oat Meal. $4 50#4 75; Oat Groats. $4 75;
Hominy.- $3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour. $4 30®
4 75: Cracked Wheat, .$3 75; Farina, $4 60;
Whole Wheat Flour, 5 3 60: Rolled Oats, bbls,
$T<&8; in sacks,- $6 oo@7 50; Pearl Barley, StS;
Split Peas, boxes, $5 60; Green Peas. $5 60 per
Hay and Feedstuff.*.
There was another . liberal ' installment of
7233 ' sacks of Bran In from .Washington yes
terday, \u25a0 but the; market wa» not affected. The
situation in Hay remained unchanged, the mar
ket continuing quiet. <
BRAN— SI 9 50@20 50 • per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S26CS3O per ton.
SHORTS— ¥I9 50@20 50 per ton.
| FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. J26@27; Oil
cake Meal in 5-ton lots, $37; Jobbing, $37 50 per
ten- Cocoanut; Cake or Meal at mills, 522 in 10
and $22 60 In 6 " ton - lots ; • jobbing, \ $23 ; Corn
Meal, , 529 60fe30 60; : Com, '- $30031 ;
Mixed ' Feed; V 241525; Worsa Beans, |30®4() per
ton ; Broom Corn . Feed, - 90c ' per ctl : Calf alf a
Meal, carload lots, $22: Jobbing:,- $23 60 per ton;
Mealfalfa. $19 in-car lots and $21 for smaller
quantitiee. c.- t-.-:•\u25a0t -.-:•\u25a0- \u25a0....:\u25a0 • . ; , -\u25a0 ' ;:\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0- •. :\u25a0 \u25a0: -. .\u25a0
HAY— Wheat. $11 60@16 50; Wheat and Oat.
$11@15 60; Oat -s9@l3 60; Barley. $S@ll- Vol
ur.tetr-Wild Oat; $7@U; stable, $6 50@8 50;
stock, " $7@7 50; - Alfalfa, $7 50@10 60. per ton
for ordinary. and:sll.so®l2 for choice* river>
\u0084 STRAW— BO@-55c per bale.- ,
- Beanti and Seeds.
The flrmnees in Beans continues, with Linus
leading and holders very bullish over the ; situ
ation. ;. Receipts of all sorts are moderate but
the demand is not large, as usual at the close
of- thoyear. ?. '-. . - .--- \u25a0 * :.\u25a0\u25a0 . ; ->x -. :\u25a0'•\u25a0.-\u25a0 - \u25a0 .;
BEANS— Bayos. $3 50;. Pea, $3. 75®4; Butter.
53 60; small White, $3 10fl3 25; ' large White
52 40®2 65: Pink, $1 90@2 10; Red. .$3 25©
8 50: Lima, here, $4 75@4 85; Red — Kidneys,
$3 40@3 80; v Blackeye, - 54'25@4 50 per ctl-
Horse Bears. $1 75@1 So. ' - ,> . . . '
• SEEDS-^Brown • Mustard. $4 50«?4 75- Yellow
Mustard.', $3 60®3 75; ; Flaxseed, $2 50®3: Ca
nary, 6@6Vic;- Alfalfa,: 12c;^ Rape, a= 2!£o3c;
Timothy,*scrHemp, j r4ftc.per lb; ; Millet -3®
B >4 c ; Brrom - Corn Beed, $20^21 per ; ton
DRIED PEAS— NUes. $1 60; Green Peas, $2®
2 60per<ctl.. -.•.•/:'-.-. -.' -\u25a0\u25a0; -,-; - \u25a0y \u25a0 .%.-\u25a0.-.,\u25a0- .
PotntoeM, Onions and Vejcrctalilcn. -
Previous prices^ and i conditions prevailed •in
the market for Potatoes. High-grade offerings
of Salinas J Burbanks ' were ;in - fair . demand iat
the old quoUtions.v but offerings " from other
sections were 'neglected. -'Onions were : plentiful
and ;easy,i with > some- handlers "'. expecting a
lower, range -of ; prices. : : \u25a0; . ,-.\ .:- \u25a0 .^. .
' . Receipts ; of moat" kinds of. vegetables Vcon
tinued -light and prices I for choice stock : ruled
steady,*' Peas s and . Beans \u25a0:\u25a0 being f particularly^
firm. .; Tomatoes 'Were weak, a good portionof
the' receipts being of • poor : quality.-": ,\u25a0 *: - - .-..-;.
: POTATOES— River Whites, \u25a0 50®85c pereack-
Salinas Burbanks. $1 10@l 540 j per ; ctl: \ Oregon
Burbanks, \u25a0 76c@$l 10 per ' ctl: i Sweet .' Potatoes,
75c@51 25 per ctl for sacks and $1 85®1 40 for
crates.;- \u25a0 •/' .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0:\u25a0;\u25a0:; :• \u25a0 . <;.: ; : :\u25a0 '. \u25a0;.,\u25a0,»* \u25a0<"•';• \u25a0'
-' ONIONS — Yellow, $I@l 35 i per ctl." " -^
VEGETABLES — Green ; Peas/, B@loc * per lb;
String Beans. . 10@12ftc per lb; Wax; Beans, 10
@12% c per \u25a0 lb ; ' Lima i Beanc, B@l Oo per : lb ; !.To
matoee," 75c®$l 25 1 per { box jor | crate ; { Summer
Squash, ' $I@l 50 > per.- box ; <r Cucumbers, - $1- 60^
2 per box; Cabbage,. $I@l 25 per- ctl;
Carrots,' Cs@7sc "-per "sack; ' Garlic,"; s©6c-'per
lb ; ; Egg ; Plant, : 12 % c per : lb ;' do, Coachtlla,
$2@2 25, per crate; Green Peppers." 4®€c per lb
for " Chile ' and \u25a0- 12^@15c ~ for . Bell ; * Marrowfat
Squash.- $20@30 per ton; Hubbard Squash. $25®
30. per. ton. , > . \u25a0 \u25a0 .
. ; -' Poultry, and Game.' "\u25a0
There was continued firmness In Poultry, as
retailers were -laying In supplies for the holt
day trad» and the .market kept well > cleaned
up ion pood . atock. : Dressed Turkeys were \u25a0in
good demand .. and available supplies ? cleaned
; up promptly.' at a ; higher range of price*. The
receipts were about 250 cases. . Game : sold off
well and the market was reported firm at pre-"
vious prices. 55,-igiJ»~fcsSsss^te3^
" V: POULTRY— Live Turkeys,' 21©23 c per ,1b;
Dressed Turkeys, 24@27c per lb ; Geese, per
pair, $2@2 W; Goslings.^ $2 50@3 ;: Ducks. $:@a
per dozen for old and $3@B for young; Hens, $5
®6 50 for small. and $0 50@7 for large; young
Roosters, -?6@7; old RoosUra. $5(g6; Fryers.
$S 50©6: Broilers, $3 50©4 50; ' Pigeons. $1 25;
Squabs. $2@2 25. - . ,
GAME— Per dozen— Mallard Ducks. $3@5;
Canvasback, $3®5; Sprig. \s3@4 60; Gray
Ducks; $2@3; Teal.- $t 50®2; Ked Heads. $1 50
©3- Wldgrfcon, $1 60@l 75; small Ducks, $1 25;
Black Jacks. $1 50©2; Gray Geese, $3; White
Geese $l@l 50; Brant." $2 for large and $1 25
for small; Honkers, $3@5; Hare. $1« 50©2; Cot
tontail Rabbits, $2 50; Brush .Rabbits. $I*so.
Butter. Cheese and Estrs. '. •p.i.i'f
'. Tfi* only change yesterday was a slight de-,
cllne In cold storage Butter ; The fresh goods
continued in light ~ supply and: steady at full
figures, with sellers satisfied with , existing
conditions. The Cheese market continued
steady and closely, cleantd up. .The Egg mar
ket was easier, but as supplies of fresh ranch
continued very small prices were, maintained
Without difficulty. .
-' Transactions on the exchange were: ' ;
Butter— 2s cubes California cold storage ex
tras. 24c. . . - "- 1 ' "
' Eggs — For»Callfornla fresh eelecttd, 36c bid.
37c asked. ; - "
*.-\u25a0 Receipts "were 25.700 lbs Butter, \u25a0 15,6C0 lbs
Cheese and 381 cases Eggs. '=
DAIRY EXCHANGE OFFICIAL QUOTA
\u25a0 -\u0084 '• , • -."TIONS.V ' \u25a0 '•<-.- .
(Xote-^The Exchange I quotations represf nt
wholesale prices established -by sales, "bids
and offers on the Exchanger Prices for Butter
and'Eggs-on the street \u25a0 are ' governed by, the
Exchange "quotations, * but generally range
about l@l%c higher.* owing to the miscella
neous character of the business.) , \u25a0-»-\u25a0
BUTTER—Fresh — California extras, 22}5c,
steady; ' firsts, 2Sc, -steady :\u25a0 seconds. \u25a0' 23% c,
steady: Eastern extras, 2514 c; firsts, 24c
Eastern Ladles— Extras. 20c; firsts. 10c. Stor
age, goods— California extras, 24»^c, steady;
firsts, '- 23 vie; * Eastern extras. l!4e, ; firm;
firsts, 23 V4c. Ladles— Extras. 20c, firm ; " first a,
19^c. -firm. \u25a0 ' .. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'"\u25a0 .• -' ' . . - .
. EGGS — Fresh California selected, 37c, weak;
firsts, 34c, weak: Brtonds, £Sc, weak; thirds,
nominal ;» California selected store. 3Cc, weak;
firsts; 28c, firm; Eastern, nominal. Storage —
California selected. 2Sc, steady; firsts.. 2sc;
seconds,' 23% c. California store— Sflected, 24c;
firsts, 21c : Eastern selected, 24c; firsts,-23&c;
Bcconds, 17^4c. \u25a0 ' \u25a0 .-• ' . • .
CHEESE — California '.fancy, new, 14%e,"
steady: firsts. 13Hc, firm; seconds, 12@12%«
flim. Young. Americas, fancy, -15c, firm;
firsts. 14c; seconds, 13c. Eastern — Fancy,
15i^@lCc, firm; Western. 14@14%c. Storage —
California fancy, 13 %c, nrm: firsts. 12^c,
Young Americas, fancy, 14c; ' Eastern, fancy,
15c. steady. • ' ' . ' '
Deoiduoiiß and Citrus Fruits.
" The , fruit market reflected \u25a0 the conditions
wh'lch-'have i're\-ailed elnce the ; first of the
weekf- trade being confined almost entirely to
the: filling of small orders for regular routine
wants. Small and medium sizes of Navel Or.
anges continued abundant and -weak, with
I dealers willing to concede to buyers, while the
big sizes remained firm under comparatively
light stocks. The other Citrus goods showed
no 1 change, supplies of all descriptions being
well up to requirements. ; The Apple market
was well supplied and easy, with buyers taking
Just about enough ,' to last • them over night.
Stocks. of Pears were very light and there was
an actual scarcity of good, -hard Persimmons.
, CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, 15@16c per bar
rel. \u25a0'.* - • " .-..• .-- * .;. '; " -.'\u25a0\u25a0 '
* APPLES— SI 25Q2 , per box for fancy, 7fe
25' for choice and 4C@7sc for common:
Christmas Apples. $1 25@2 50 per box. '
PEARS— Winter Nellls, $1 50(fJ2 60 per box;
other varietlesT" $I@l 25 per box. .
PERSIMMON'S — 50c@$l per box.
CITRUS AND TROPICAL FRUlTS—Or
anges: . Navels, $2#2 50 per box for fancy.
$1 50@l 75 for choice and $1*?1 50 for stand
ards; Seedlings, - '75c@$l; .Tangerines, $l@
1 25* Japanese Mandarins, $1 25@1 50: Lem
ons. $1 Co@2 50;' Grape Fruit. $1 00ig;2 50: Mexi
can Limes. $4 50@5, per case.; Bananas. Ha
waiian.- $I@2 per bunch: Central American.
I X- oO@3 50 per bunch; $^'@5 per
dozen. . " \u25a0 - - \u25a0
Dried Fruits, Xuta, Raisins and Honey.
The latest mall advices from New York say:
"The tone of the 9 market was very , firm on
everything but Raisins, regarding the future
of which there Is much uncertainty. Jobbers
are* believed to ;be carrying unusually \u25a0 small
supplies of \u25a0 Prunes, Apricou and , Peaches and.
with the. season of largest consumption yet to
come, the prospects are favorable for a strong
and active market ."when business opens up
again after the holidays.".; .
-FRUITS — Apricots.. tiiJlOc for Royals and
04j'12c for Moorparks; Peaches, BMc for stand
ards, B%c- for .choice. 9c for extra choice and
9V.gioc- for,, fancy: 'Pear«. S©l 2 Vic: \u25a0 Nectar
ines, 1 H©SMie for white and 7H@7%c for Red;
Plums pitted, 6%@7iAc for Black. 7g9c for
Red and 7©9 c for Yellow; Silver Prunes, 7@9c;
Evaporated AppUa, S<PL»^ic; Mgs, boxes, 50c
for choice, 65c for, extra choice and 60@C5c for
fancy; bulk white, 2%@4c per lb; black.'
agS^c. . • -'••'.:\u25a0: ' -
- pRUNEK — 3^i@4c basis for the four sizes
(CO-100) and 4Hc basis for the large and small
RAISINS-r-Loose, 4-crown, G»,4c per lb; 3
crown 6c; 2-crown, 5%c. Seeded' Raisins —
Fancy* 16 ounces, BVic : fancy. 12 ounces, 6.% c;
choice. 16 ounces, . Bc; choice. 12 ounces. 6%c;
Imperial Clusters, $3 per 20-lb box: Deheaas.
$2 50; fancy. ' $2; 3-crown London, Layers.
$1 50; 2-crown, $1 40; seedless standard loose
Muscatele, 4»ic; seedless j Sultanas. 5%@7c;
Thompsons, 6 %c; bleached fancy, 9©lo^c;
bulk choice 8c: standard; 7c.
NUTS— Almonds: Nonpariels, 12<4@13c: IX
L,. 12c; Ne Plus Ultra. Ill4@12c; Drakes.
9«4510c. and Languedoc; o@9Vic; hardshell.
s>4#6Uc. Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13@14c;
No. 2. OfclOc; No. 1 hardshell. 12V-i@l3%c; No.
2, B%ed^c; Peanuts, 6@7c fer Htastern; Pe
cans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5; Italian
Chestnuts, 8010 c.per. per lb. -.-\u25a0-'
• HONEY— Comb, 12^@15c for white and 10®
12c for amber; water white - extracted, 6J4@
5%c; white, 6c; amber. 4@4%c; dark. :
Hawaiian; 2%c for extracted. ?^h'!.ri~l : 4
BEESWAX— 27@29c per.lb.
Provision".
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12^c' per lb . tat
heavy. lS^Sc for light medium. 13%@14c foi
light, 14@14>4c for extra light and 16@16%c
for sugar-cured; dry Salt Sides, lie;- Bel
lies, 12c; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13@13V4c;
California Hams, 12 J A@l2?ic; Mess Beef. $9 50
per bbl- extra Mess, $10: Family, $11; prime
Mess Pork, $14; extra clear, $19 50; Mess.
$17 50; Pig Pork, $22; Pigs* Feet,, ss; Smeked
Beef 14c per. lb.
LARD — Tierces . quoted at ,6%c per lb for
California compound, 7®7^c for Eastern com
pound and 9?4c for pure; half barrels, pure,
10c; 10-lh tins, lO^c; 5-lb tins, 10% c; 3-lb
tins, 10% c. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0, -\u0084 ' w
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, 8c; three
half barrels, 7%c; one tierce. 7%c; two tlercee,
-7%c; five tierces, 7He perlb. #
Hides, Tallow, AVool and Itopa.
Thero is nothing new in these products.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands- tell
about under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 13c; medium, 12% c; light. 12c:
Cow - Hides, 120 for heavy and ; 12c foi
light" ' Stags, fs^ic; Salted Kip, 12c; Salted
Veal, 13c; Salted Calf. 14c; dry Hides, 21c;
dry Kip, 20c; dry Calf. - 23c; Sheepskins,
shearlings. 20@60c each ; . short Wool. - 60(890o
each; medium, 90c@$l 25; long Wool. $1 25©2;
Horse Hides, salt, $3&3 23 for large and $2 73
for medium, $2 25 for email and 60c for Colts;
Horse. Hides, dry, $2@2 25 for large and $1 00®
1 75 for medium. $1 60 for small and 60c for
Colts. Buck Skins— Dry. Mexican, 34c; dry
salted Mexican," 25c; -dry Central American*
85c- •= Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; ex
tra"; large' do.; $1 25; large, . 60@60c; medium.'
85040c '- small, -25c. , -. \u25a0; ; -•\u25a0 ,
* -TALLOW — No. lrendered,'4@4%c in barrels;
In cans and drums, %c.;less; No. 2, 3@3%c:
Grease. Zfeittc. MidRfSfAK ' .
WOOL— Fall clip— Northern free, - 15@17c;
do defective. 32@14c; Middle County, free. 15©
17c* do defective, 12@14c; San Joaqoln and
Southern. lCB>l3c; San Joaquln Lambs, 14©
16c- do, defective. C@l2c.per lb. . . ,
HOP*— 7®llc per lb. .
- • Meat Market.
I'- DRES3ED MEATS.
'."Wholesale' rates from slaughterers to dealers.
"are \u25a0\u25a0 as follows: " .
.BEEF— 5@6c tor Steers and 4@sc p«r lb for,
O ATEAL--Large; s%@7Hc; small, 7©9 c per lb.
: ; MUTTON— Wethers.- »Vi@loc; Ewes, SViOOc
Pe LAMB— 10@ilc per.lb. o< ''_-"\u25a0:
PORK— Dressed Hors.rBH@9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. «£
• The -follcwlng "quotations are \u25a0 for 'good sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 40©
45 Der cent shrinkage for Cattle:
'-> CATTLE— Steers, s%G6*scS Cows and HetX-.
* r CALVKS^-3W@*o P« r lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethere, » 8%Q3%a;. Ewes, B@3>4c
i per lb (gross weight). ,^- V '
LAMBS — $2 76®3 per head. \u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0• *
HOGS— Live Hogs, 130- to 250 lbs. 5%©6 c;
'over' 250 ilbs.V-6%c: : under ; 130 vlbs. - o%c;
Feeders, nominal; Sows, 20 per, cent oft; Boars,
60 per cent off." and Stags,'* 40. per cent off from
above Quotations. .' \u25a0 ' .••\u25a0'\u25a0.-\u25a0"
' General .Blerchandlae. ;
'\u25a0'< BAGS — Grain ißags, " buyer June- July. 6*4®
6%c-vWoolrßags, 30*?33c:t small lots, 31©34 c;
Fleece Twine.? 7^ie." * -a - \u25a0/
- COAL- 1 - Wellington. .$8 per ton : \u25a0 New Wel
lington,- $8; Seattle.;- $6 50; Bryant, JO stf;
Beaver Hill, $5 50; Roslyn,' s7; Coos Bay, $5 50;
Richmond,' sB; <^ .Cumberland. '$13 in bulk and
$14 25 lnisacksr'Pennaylvanla -Anthracite Egg.
$14 ' \u25a0 Welsh Anthracite Egg, '. $13 : • Welsh Lump,
$U'oo;'Cannel,-.f9 per ton; Coke. $11 50@13 pax ;
ton In-hulk and $15 In sacks: Rocky sjotmtain
descriptions, $8 50 per short ton. •
OILS — Quotations are for* barrels; for cases
add sc: Linseed,: soc per gallon • for^bolled and
IScfor raw: Castor Oil. -in, cases. No. V" o "''
Bakers' AA. cases, r *l 16© MS: LucoJ. 48c for
boiled and 46c for raw; China. Xut. cases', 65®
7Se pcjr gallon- Coooanut Oil. in barrels. 03c
for. Ceylon- and 55c for Australian: extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 88tf: natural, winter
Bperm Oil. C3c; extra bleached Winter Whala
Oil 65c: natural Whale Oil. 60c: extra winter
•trained Lard Oil. 73c: No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c:
Pure 'Neatsloot Oil. 75c: No. UNeatsfoot OH.
67% c: Herring* Oil. 45c: Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled
Pish Oil. 35c; raw Fish Oil. 35c; Paint Oil. 35c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE. KTC.— Water White
Coal -Oil.- in bulk.' lie; Pearl *Oil. In case*.
17% c; Astral, 17 He: Star. 17 He; -Extra Star.
20%c J Elaine 26c; Eocene. .19%cr Stove Gaso
line, in bulk, 15% c: In cases* 22c: Motor Gaso
line, in bulk. 15& c; in cases.; 22c; No. 1 En
gine Distillate, Iron barrels or drums. 8c: No.
2 do C%e; cases, ,6%e more: Benzine, in bulk.
lSVic: cases. «We; SO-degree Gasoline, in built.
25c ; in - caees, . Sic - - •,'\u25a0
'\u25a0 TURPENTINE— fIOc per gallon In cases and
84c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 8®
S%c per lb; "White Lead. S®S%c, according
to quantity. \u25a0 f '-' \u25a0 • -
SUGAR-fr-Th» .Western Sugar Refining Ccm
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- Ib bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.30 c:
Powdered. -5.15c; Candy Granulated. 5.15 c: Dry
Granulated I.*1 .* fine. 5.05 c: Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.05 c; Fruit ' Granulated. 5.05 c; Beet Graau
lated (100-lb' bags only) 4.33 c: Confectioners'
A.' s.osc;. Magnolia A. 4.65 c: Extr* C. -i.53c:
Golden C. 4.41e; "V." 4.35 c: barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c mare: boxes, 50c more; 50- lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels, 5.55 c; boxes, ; 8.80 c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos.' B.C5c per lb." No order taken for less
than - seventy-five . barrels or its . equl Talent.
Receipts of Frodnee-.^ '. a .
\u25a0FOR FRIDAY. DECEMBER 20.
Flour.* qr sks... 11,201} Hops, bales .... 6*
Wheat, ctls ... 140 Wool, bales 61
Barley, ctls .." 4.3871 Screenings, sks. "CO
Oats, ct15...... ' -243 leather, r0115... 34
Corn.' ctls .... 32 Hides, No 891
Tallow, ctls .. 235 Pelts, bdls .... 262
Sugar, ctls ... .100! Ume. bbls 364
Potatoes,: sks.* I.sso[ Brandy, gals .- 6,530
Onions, sks ... lZ0 f Wlne, gals ....-134,750
Middlings, sks. 205; Apples, bxs .... -20
Bran, sks .... 30} Calfskins, bdls.: "95
Hay tons .... 57V Qulcksllvr, flsks 10
WASHIN,GTpN". -- \u2666"
"Wfceat, ctls 1.4451 Bran Eks 7.23 a
; Oats, ctls ...... 2,8031 Shorts, ska 2.223
STOCK-MARKET.
The Toaopalf .Mining Stock* Lead All
Others* In Activity.
Business continued quiet on the Stock and
Bond Exchange.' and with the exception of con
,tinued Irregularity in Alaska . Packers at
$51 50#52 25 stocks were featureless. There was
a moderate 'business of $83,000 in bonda.
i'; The Tonooahs continued to lead the other
minlnsr stocks \u25a0 In activity and Interest. - witb
very heavy dealings in Dlamondfleld Black
Buttes Con. at higher prices, and in Kendall
at rather -easier . quotations. The Comstock*
were Eteady "and unchansetk
.The \u25a0 mining and oil exchanges stand ad
journed to. Tuesday. The Stock and Bond Ex
change will be open as 'usual to-day, but will
be closed 'on Monday. ' .
' The resular annual meeting of the . stock
holders of the Spring- Valley Water Company
has be*r>f railed "for January 10.
i The 'Bell-. Telephone .Company of 'Philadel
phia has declared a regular quarterly dividend
of l%\Per cent, payable January 15. \u25a0 \u25a0
There ;wll| be'sl,olH>,COO of the second mort
gage , bonds of . they Key Route taken .by the
first of the^year, when the-prlce will be raised
to 108; up to date $900,000 have been taken
ur> at Iot> nml Interest." '
The Market-Street Bank of San Francisco
has declared a semi-annual dividend at the
ratea of 4 ncr cent p«r annum on term eav
lngs deposits and 3.50 per cent on ordinary de
posits, payable January 2. The? rates are the
same as those i>airt for the first half of. this
year.'. ,_. \u25a0
The Union Trust Company of San ' Francisco
has j declared a \u25a0 semi-annual dividend at the
rtte of 3.30 per cent tier annum on term sav
ings deoosits and 3 per cent on ordinary de
posits,- payable January 2. The rates are the
same as paid for the first half of this year.
The Bank of Italy of San FranciUcd has de
clared a' semi-annual dividend at the rate of
3.60 per cent per annum on \u25a0 all savlccs de
posits, " payable January \u25a02. The rate is .10
per cent- higher than for the' first stx months
of this year. A regular semi-annual dividend
at the rate of 5 per cent per annum has also
been dec^red on the capital -stock of this
bank. The regular annual meeting of 'the
stockholders" has been called for January 17..
The Pacific Coast Borax ComDany naid a
regular monthly dividend of $1 per share, or
?19.U00. yesterday. \"
The New Idrla Quicksilver Mining Company
has declared • the regular quarterly dividend of
10 cents' per share, and an extra dividend of
10 cents per chare, payable January 2.
The TonoDah Mlninsr Company of Nevada,
will pay a quarterly dividend 0f: 25 cents. per
share ,on January 22.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
• \u25a0 ' FRIDAY. Dec. 23 — 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask 4 - Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.-103%104 I4s qr* CP nw.WJ** —
'4s qr reg...103y 4 104',i'~-.qr c0up.. .103^104^
MISCELLANEOUS . BONDS.
Ala A.W 5a — - — - 'Ok T^Con ss. — —
Asso Oil 5s 92 — O W gtd ss. OS 95%
Bay CPC 5s — IC* Oceanic S6s6l »4 67Vi
Cal C G ss. — HOW Om Cable 65.120 ii —
Cal G& E g i \u25a0 I Pac G Im 4s 97 100
\u25a0m&ct 5s CSH 99 PE Ry ss. .113l 9 —
Oal-st C ss.Ul*-4U3".i Pac L&P 55. 103 103
C C Wat 85.106 — P& C H 65.100 .'— "}
Do g mgss 94 r96 P& O R Gs.llo —
lEd L&P 63.122&125 Powell-st es.lll —
ll'iCH 6».113 114 Sac EG&RSS.IO7 103
Geary-st ss. — ' 50 SF & SJVss.ll9*J —
H C&S 5y.5.10314 — SF.O& SJ5s. — 116
Do 5s ....1C5»4 Sierra R 6s. — 112*4
Hon R T 65.108U — SPof A 6s
LA Elec 55.104 ii — (19C9) .:..108-.;iO8»»
LAG&EI Ss.lOl — (1910) ..v.lOStt —
LA Ry Bs.llSti — ' i S P of'C 6s
LAL gtd C 5.106 — (19C6) ....102H —
LAP lcmss.llUiH2 (1912) ....114 —
LAP C ss. .103 ft — SPC leg 59.11S —
!Mkt-st C 63.116 — SP B R 6s. — 136
? Do 1cm55. 115^4 — S V Wat es.ia: 103« i
I MV& MT55.105"/i — Do 4s Sdm.lOO —
I NR of C 68.104 y, — Do 4s 3dm.100 100^,
Do 5s ....119*4120^ Do g mg4s 08H —
NP C R 5s.lO«^;iO8 ;Ptkn GAE«s. 99 —
NC Ry 6«. 112% — UG & E 63.108 —
NCPCk 99H — UR of SF 4s. S~U —
O GL&H 55.100 — Val Co P 53.104^ —
Ok TCo 65.121%123H Yos SL 4%5. — 93^4
Do 5s ....115 — [
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Csta 45% 46^{Port Costa... — 68
Marln C 0... 60 — |S V Wat Co. 40 40H
• GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L~ &P — . 4%lPac L C 0... 75 —
Martel Powr. 2> — IS FG& B. 85H —
Mutual EL. 17% 17&! Stkn G&Ev 12 —
.: INSURANCE.
Flrem'S Fd. — 425 |
BANK STOCKS,
Am Ntlßk. — 130 |L P & A... 146 152 Vi
AnglO-Cal :. 92*^ 96 I Mer Trust.. .2lo 240
Bank of Ca1.423 — : Merch Ex... 80 —
Cal.Safe Dp.160«4 — S F NaUonaJ — 180
First Natnl.34o —
1 SAVINGS BANKS. ; .
Ger S & L.2906- ~- Say &*L So.loo —
Hum S 8k.215S — Sec Say 8k.393 —
Mutual Sav.loB% — Union T C 0.2700 8300
S F Ssjy U.7CO
. SrREET. RAILROADS. »
California ..219 . — (Presidio .... — 40
Geary \u25a0• — <° I -
' .. POWDER. .
*Gia«t~ Con.. 76 .78 .( .
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 81 85 Makawell C. 33 34
Honokaa SC 11% 12»i Onomea SC. 31 Sltfr
Hutch SP C.I4H — Paauhau 8C 22 23
Kllauea S C .— . I.U 'iSSmKgdSSgM
MISCELLANEOUS.
I Alaska P A, 52H 52% Oceanic S Co — 5
i Afiso Oil Co 55% — Pac Aux FA. — —
Cal F C A. — 98',J Pac C 80rx.152 —
Cal Wine ABl ft 'B2 P»cS T«l C 0.104 105
MV& MtTm. — i —
• v Morning Session.
• " Board —
-40 Alaska Packers' Assn ..;...... 51 50
30 Alaska Packers' Assn 51 75
25 Alaska Packers* Assn'. ..51 87 H
10 Alaska Packers' Assn ..." •. 52 CO
25 Callfornia-St Cable R R. .....220 00
. -..* 45 Contra Costa Water 46 23
75-Mutual Electric Light ...... 17 25
\u25a0 30 Mutual Electric Light, cash... 17 23
.60 Mutual' Electric -Light ....'.."IT 37ft
'. 190 Spring -Valwy Water a C0..i... 4O 00 .
$1,000 S V 4s (2d mtge) 100 23
$20,000 8 V 4s (3d mtge> ...... ......100 00
... Afternoon Session. BS&Bl
Board — -\u25a0'. -
.SO Alaska Packers* Assn 52 00
:10 Alaska Packers* Assn. b "2. .. .52 OO
r> Alaska Packeni' Assn 62 21
25 Hutchlnson S P C 0.:..-..:..... 14 50 \u25a0
- 150 Onomea r Sugar Co 3t 25
/ 60 Onomea Sugar* Co. b 3......... 31 25
175 S F Gas & Electric, a 10 83 00
Spring .Water Co .40 CO
$2,000 U R R of S E4s, b S.. 87 50
$2,000 U R R'of S F 4s,b 4r....?...*87 23
$5 000 S V-Water Co Gen Mtge 45... 88 25
V 16.000 Pacific Electric Ry 65......... 11 A 25 .
;$6 000 V RKRiof 5.F:45............ 87 37ft
SIOCOOS V 4s (3d "mtge).. ....... ...100 00
$11,000 S F & S J V 6s .; 119 50
• .-.-Street—' .' , - " - \u25a0 •
.50 Hutchlnson. S P Co -......'.... 14 80,
x XJnllated : Seearltlesi. -
* MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.l - Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC e«.10«U —-• SF Drdk 55.115 \u25a0 —
.B L Wat 65.112 — SF GAE4*flS.lolft -^.
Cal NW 6s. —-111 ft SP &NP 65.112 —
MC Wat 6s —114 8P C X 4s. 03 —
* O T. Con 5».- — 10f7ft Sun .Tel 65.".. 112 , —
Pac G&E! 5s 95 :96 I \u25a0 Dos s '..'.UOSftllOft
'Rlsl AVTcsSs.'— - 105 I- : -f'l-'V,
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
/ Ala S C 0. .. — ; 25 .', 1 Mils Nat 8k.323 —
ArnJßis Co.llo — ' NS R R Co. — 12ft
Cal Cot Mis 90ft — ; .[N Cal P Co. 13 —
\u25a0Tamil? Retail 3larket.
Owing to the stormy weatier prevailing »lonj
the coast therfe is a scarcity of; Fish in thi«
maiket at present and prices ars mar* or less
irregular. Dealers, however are of tiw'optn
ion that the scarcity will be of short duration
and normal prices are expected to> rule bef or*
long. Most kinds of Poultry, notably Turkeys,
are dearer this weeS and several kind* at Wild
Ducks are bisher. There has been but llUla
chans* In other, lines since last weal*.
COAL. PER/ TON—
Wellington .s— ©lo 00! New
S?*" 13 *— 9 8 50t Wellington .— «10 0O
5?"; 3 " 1 *— C »00 Wellington
Richmond ..*— ®lo col Nut • — C «CO
Coosj Bay..,s--H© t Co| . . ,-
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC—
Butttr, chotce.sq.— <g6o; Do choice 9041*9
-Dq good 5C@35 Do Eastern.... 3o©33
Cheese. Cal ... .— «^or Do storage 30(1*3*
cheese. Eastern. 2u®23 Honey. ccmt>. lb.— «t»
Cheese. Swiss... 2soS3; Do extracted... 8010
Eggs. dz. Ranch @45'
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hena. large. I Wild Ducks. «ach— •
each S3©l 25' Mallard 6C373
Do small eo^73 l Canvasback ...80-CTS
Young Roosters. 1 Sprls .4C«W>
each .....?.. «3e#sl| Tial JO«*2S
Old Kuosters, ea.SOtftSS: Widgeon .25#30
Fryers, each 30^75 ' Red Heads SS&jO
Broilers, eaea. ..30«30r Gray Ducks... SO© *i*
Turkeys, per lb.2Sfc>.lo* Small Duck»..-— «|23
Ducks, each 73cS«l|Gray Geese. 40030
Geese. «ach.sl 50@3 23 WWW Geesa ....— 625
Oosllng, .....-..-©_' Brant - 28 f^?
Pigeon*, pair. .. .— <fr4o[ Hare, each — 025
\u25a0Squabs, pr palr.6o®6o! Rabbits, each.-.— s3t>
MEATS. PER POUND—
R °?'\ Beef— iMntton Chop«....iaC2o
Choice cuts.... 154J20; Pork Chops •rS}*
nP°» ?l all >- - • .10912^1 veal Cutlets 1«*'»
noast.Veai.... 12^0x5; corned Beef W *
v 2? st » P ? rk MOXS Beef Stew «O» *
£oreqtr Lamb.— ©12 fc Mutton Stew...^J' ! tP ?
Hlndqtr Lamb..— ©ls. Veal Stew 10©12«»
Foreqtr Mutton. B@io| Soup Meat . —& 3
wr Mutton...- ©12%|Soup Bones •••\u25a0**£z
Porterhae Steak.lS®2oi Bacon .1302*
Sirloin Steak.l2%6l3!Pork Sausage. .l2 £gtS
??° n * Steak. .lo9l2^; Chipped Beet..~3Mh~
Lamb Chops — ©23 Lard 12%&-~
FRUITS, AND NUTS—
Alllgtr Ptars.ea.4o®so! Lemons, do* ....15029
Almonds 15@2t)| Limes, dot 1W*1»
Apples ... 4» 61 Oranges, dcxen--
Cranberries, qt..16«420i Fancy V.40C60
...-©^ Common 10«25
Brail. Nuts ...20®— Pineapples. each.3C«6O
Btasnas. d0x...2w®20| Pear«; lb «*H>
Cccoanuta, each. seiO^ Persimmons. V>. . S«iO
lb...ls(S2a|Ralslne. lb 9»l-^>
*»«». dried. H>. . t^plOl Tansrerlnes. d0z..13'3-'0
Grape Frult,d*.sOc«sti Walnuts, per lb.l3tT-»
«rapes. lb 10^12'i'
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes. doz.«Oc©slf Mushrooms. ». ..— 075
Be«ts. dozen ..I&3— i Onion*, psr »..— 1» »
Beans, white, ib. s©— JOkra. per lft....""— V-**
C°I or f^ Per lb 4» Of Potatoes. 1b...1H«1%
Dried Lima, lb.— @ «, Parsnips, per ds-15«2U
Green Llma.lb—^l2'>Radl3hee, da bch.l3S2O
Cabbage, each...— @lti| gage, dj bnch«s.2s<tt—
Celery, head. ... s@lv>,*Strin S Beans, 1b.12^20
1 cresa. dz bunch.l 3® — >Summer Squash,
Cucumbers. doz.2u^Oi p«r lb XZH^IS
GarUc s© lOlSprouts. per lb.. B©lO
Orp Peppers. 1b.10®23; Spinach, per lb.— <© 5
Dried Peppers. .lotj;20: Swt Potatoes. ID.2©-J'.i
Egg Plant. Ib..ioai3i' Thyme dz Dnchs. — ©25
Green Peas.lb.lo«@l2m Turnips, per doa.— ©l3
Lettuce, head... s@loj Tomatoes. lb BXPIO
Leeka.doz bunch. — ©13
FISH., PER POUND—
Barracouta —©13. Shrimps, lb ....—©lo
Black Bass — «23' Do picked -©50
£ a n> ....— ®lt>:Sea Bass — OX***
Catfish 12*4013' Smelt* .-«3
Codfish —©124 Sole* —©10
Flounders —©10 Skates, each ....lOSfr—
Halibut 12*3»!3jSquld —©12^
Herring — «lc, Tomcod, 10©12%
Vlaclierel 15© — Turbot 25©
Do horse 12H9— Trout — 9— .
Perch —©10 Whiteflsh 10©—
llockflsh — ©13| Clame gallon. .:60<a —
Rockcod — ©151 Do hardshelMb 8&1O
Salmon, frexh... — @13| Crawfish, per lb. — ©18
Do, vnoked. .. — ©29 Crabs. «aeh 20®"0
Salmon Tront —©40 Mussels, lb — ftio
Sardines — © 8 Oysters. Cal. 100.40Q50
Shad — ©10} Do Eastern; da. 3o© JO
Striped Bass.... — @23
Cal G&ECor 89ft — Ok Bk Sav. l3o —
C Jockey Cl. — 150 lOOF Hall A 6ft —
Cal Powder.l6o * — Orpheum Cot 17
Cal Ship Co — 25 P a cC Can Co. 130 173
Cal TI& T — 190 Pac G&E pfd 87ft »7ft
Cen Bk. Ok. — 75 Pac Sur Co. — 120>
Ch»--. Co.. — 5 Paraf Paint. los —
Clty& C Bk.ll»ft — 3 F Drydock — 73
Cyp L Imp. — 6 SF & SJCoal 20 25
DptPwd pfd 85 10© 55 Joe« Wat. 103 ft
Do com .. 9O 104 SO& MTgbt. — ISO
FN Ek. 0k.120 — So Pac Co.. — \u25a0«* .
Frnch-A Bk.llO — Swiss- A BkU25 139
Gas Con A. — 19 Truck Elect. 2O 22
Hono P Co. — 35 Union S Ct>. 34 —
Do old pi. — S5 TV- Fargo 8k.228 —
Do n^v pi. — 20 1 West Nat 8k.165 —
Mat Nay C 0.120 —
SALES.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Northern Cal Power Co ...... 13 2R
\u25a0 265 Northern Cal Power Co 15 6i>
$20,000 Pac G & E 5a (when Issued)... 95 23
Street —
50 E 1 dv Pont de Nemours pfd... 85 00
California Stock and OH Exehaue.
Oil stocks — > Bid. Asked.
Arilne .-JO
Asso Oil Stock Tr Cert 55 stt
Aztec 160
California Standard 37
Central Point Con 180
Chicago Crud* 43
Claremont 1 12ft,
Forty 47 4!»
Four . d 3f> 33
Giant 6O
Hanford 800 00
Home 44 45
Independence 15 is
Kaweah ...- 40
Kern 13 3O
Kern (new> 09 21
McKlttrlck C» . 11
Monte Crlsto ...J. 75 SO
Occidental of W Va 03 Ci
Oil City Petroleum 7ft ; 73
Piedmont On ....
Reed Crude 24
Senator IK> ....
Superior *S>> ....
Thirty-three 3 o<v
Toltec ««> ....
Twenty-eight ICO
Union I*6 00
Miscellaneous stocks — ' —
Fischer R Theater Co 1 SO
OFFICIAL SALE 3.
Morning Session.
1000 Forty Oil 4*
600 Four Oil *3
Afternoon Session.
1000 Monarch Oil 14
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE:
Following- were the sales on the >"*n;'Fr.m
ctsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
9:30 a. m. Session — Conastocks.
800 Belcher i 24' 100 Ophlr ..6«io
200 Best & 8e1..l 20! 20«> Overman .... 21
200 Best & 8.b90.l 231 ICO Savage ....... 51
300 Chollar 17[ 400 Utah t'4
400 Hale & Norc.l Ooi
12 nu Informal Session — Comstocks.
600 Belcher 211 200 Overman .... 23
SCO Caledonia ... 53 200 Potosi <W
400 Con Va M...1 251 700 Seg Belcher.. It
®C 0 Con- Va M...1 20 1 , 200 Sierra Nev... 29
200 Hale A N. 55.1 CO 6CO Silver HiH... 8»
200 Hale & Norcl 05| 200 Silver Hi 11... K>
500 Mexican 1801 500 Silver HIU...- IK>
200 Occidental .. 961 300 JJnion C0n.... 4a
500 Occidental ". . t)5;
2 p. m. Session — Comstocks.
300 Andes *>i ICO Ophlr • «0
200 Belchar ...»• 23| ICO Overman .... 23
600 Exchequer .. 40! 300 Sierra N>rr... 30
600 Mexican 1 SO!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha ...:.-. 05 07 Gould St. Cur. 23 23
Aita 02 OA Hale & Norc.l 05 I\n
Andes 1» 21 Julia 04 C 9
Belcher 23 23 Justice 05 06
Best A Bel.-l 15 1 25,Kentuck Ot \u25a0 03
Bruns Chollr — OlHtady Wash... 01 —
Bruna C,Va. — 07 Mexican 130 135
Bruns G& C — 01 Occidental .. 82 9a
Bruns Polos' — w! Ophlr ft 12ft «25
Bruns Savage — Ol'Ophir-Brua*.. 07 1O
Bullion 24 26.Overman .... 23 34
Caledonia ... 57 68 Potoal ....... t* P;»
Challenge ... 19 21. Savage ....;. 81 53
Chollar '18 17lScorplon ..... 12 13
Confidence .. 83 90;Seg Belcher.. 11 12
Cbn Va M...1 25 ISO Sterra. Nev... 8O 3a
Con Imperial — 01 ! Silver -Hi11... »I 92
Con N T 03 04|Syndlcat* .... — 11
Crown Point. 12 14- Union C0n.... 49 50
E Sierra. New — 05jUtah 03 05
. Eureka C0n..3 40 350 St Louis .... 08 . —
Exchequer .. 39 41; Yellow Jacket 13 14
Con tinned on Page 11.
JWEOWN AND OFFER!
I 1 f 100.000 City of Reddlns S*s. \u2666
" 520.000 Market-Street Railway *
" ' ' \u25a0 iff* - 1-
t294K)0 SooCbcra PaeUc of Arl-* I
I, '. . waa «*a. t
11 $30,000 Stockton Water Cora- i
\u0084-'..., __•.-,- panjr «^ y.i
"-."'\u25a0 Yield 3.90 to 5 per cent, tax fre*. \u2666
J.W.HALSEY&CO. i
California and Sanwme ftaw f
: . \u25a0 ;' '' San Franclsc*. \u2666
i&M..;;n...M....,M.ii &M..;;n...M....,M.i. W j:»p
1516
NAPOLI TRIAL
CLOSE TO END
;Accttsed Man Kemains Stolid
/During the Arguments of
v Prosecution and Defense
SHOWS HE IS BLASE
.Opinion of Prosecuting At
torney Is Met by Long
Yawn of Bored Defendant
Aii^elo NapoU. accused murderer of
Giuseppe Bropardo, heard the arguments
•f both the prosecution and the defense
6 urine a weary session yesterday. It wu
late when the last word was spoken, and
Judge Cook pave the Jury the option of
"being charged then and there and going
ti\to deliberation immediately afterward,
or of waiting till the next morning. One
by o:ie each juror was called by the clerk
of the court and voted "to-night" or "to
morrow." The first juror said "to-mor
row," and after that they alternated
equally between the two days till the
twelfth, answering "to-morrow" as the
eleventh had done, broke the dead-lock
*nd made the vote seven to five for the
postponement. Outwardly it was a trivial
proceeding, but it had its deeper signifi
cance in that the final "to-morrow" may
have added one day to the threatened
life-ppan of the accused man.
' Whether Napoll harbored this thought
it- doubtful, but it is a fact that the ad
journment brought from him a sigh of re
lief. - Probably this sigh had no other
meaning than mere physicttl, weariness,
lor durins the -whola day he had present
ed an appearance mere stolid than during
the first days of his trial. His thick neck
sxiil twisted in an effort to escape the
Atse-like pressure of his collar, and sev-»
••era! 1 times the knuckles of his clasped
.hands cracked, but this nervousness
Veenied to come more from physical dls-
Comfort than spiritual uneasiness. All
day he was strangely Inattentive to the
.forensic battle going on before him, for
his life. • TV- \u25a0.?-.. »
FIGHTING FOR LIFE.
Assistant District Attorney Whiting
clamored for his neck, his own counsel.
.Treadwell, thundered in his defense, and
he seamed indifferent to both. Once, reach
ins the climax of his speech, Prosecutor
Whiting turned upon him with Ion? accus
ing linger. "Three men," he shouted, "com
mitted this most foul murder, and these
three men were Brasllo, Strano and the
defendant sitting here."
Simultaneously v.ith the last words of
this impassioned accusation. Napoli.
•without taking the trouble of putting his
hand to his lips, opened his mouth in a
sonoreus yawn that rang through the
crowded courtroom like cynical bravado.
But it was not that. Napoli. In fact, was
paying no attention. He had not heard
the ringing words, nor seen the accusing
finger pointed at him, and he was yawn-
Ing merely because he was very much
bored.
The courtroom was not crowded yester
day as it had been. During the first three
days the room was filled, every seat
taken, and the aisles were clogged with
compressed humanity. It was a pic
turesque throng, made up mostly of Ital
ian fishermen, swarthy, broad-shouldered,
nautical in appearance, and picturesque
with bright jerseys, red sashes and tarn
o'shanters. Some even had gold rings
passed through their ears. Yesterday,
however, by the orders of Judge Cook the
doors were closed after the seats had been
all occupied, the aisles being left free,
with a distinct cain in ventilation that
more than balanced the loss in local col
oring.
WIFE IS PRETEXT. V- ,
In the throng was the wife of the ac
cused. For three days she has occupied
the same seat inside the outer railing a
humble, sober-clad woman, unnoticeable
except for the dog-like look of wistful
adoration she keeps constantly upon the
accused man who is the partner of her
life., Yesterday morning she came with
three of her four children. They were not
admitted into the courtroom and she took
them home again. She held the young
est, an eighteen months' old baby, in her
right arm, her left hand held the hand
of a three-year-old boy. with big black
eyes, and the boy in turn held the hand
of a little sirl of about live. They got
Into the elevator, and at the first down
ward swoop the baby in arms clasped his
tiny hands, and the older little boy let
out a scream of delight. Later the mouier
came back alone, and sat motionless the
long day, her eyes ever upon the husband
who may be taken from her forever.
The arguments of neither the prosecu
tion nor the defense aimed at strength
of effect. Assistant District Attorney
Whiting confined himself mainly to a
clear summing up of the evidence of his
witnesses. Attorney Treadwell read
transcripts in an effort to show incon
sistencies in the testimony .of 'Thomas
Shea, the only witness who definitely de
clared he had seen Xapoli running after
Brogurdo and shooting on the flight of
January 22. He emphasized to 'the jury
the legal doctrine of reasonable doubt,
but ended by asking "not mercy, but cold
Justice." -;\u25a0%\u25a0'.
IZTcrrttortr I» 'Enthnslastle
About our creat line of Excelsior diaries for
tlie new Tear. We have handled this particu
lar lire for years and find them far the best.'
Ftart th<! year with one. Date boolca. calendar
pads and calendars. .Sar.born, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
R.ELIBVED OF HIS COlX.— Martin Carty
a Btableican, livln* at 2C9 Perry street, re
ported to the police yesterday that hia Durse
containing $250 and his watch and chain had
Tic>.n taken from him en Wednesday nlKht on
Fourth etrwt, between Bryant and Folsom. He
xald he had been drinklae and met two men
«ho offered to clean the mud oft his dothen
11* thinks they stole his property. He knew
one of them by sight and the police are
SATURDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY
Dec 30 Jan. 2 - Jan. 3
Susrar. B«-st Cane Granulated. 19 lbs "»i
liutter, Choice Creamery, full weight "
--lb. square ' We
Ilnnm, li^st Eastern Sugar-Cured, lb' 13c
*wi«» Chee*»e, rog. 35c lb 30».
.Mixed XutM, Best Quality. lb !.!!lsc
3!nraronf. Vermicelli or Spu K hrUl.
I) OX ......................., #- °ftr»
I'lum fuddliie «Libby>), l-lb."cans !is«.
.Mince >!.:<«. Atraore's Best, 1b... iiu«.
Auhl-in Wifrrs reg. 30c, pkg. . . i . .25c
I'aul June* Whiskey, bottle .'.SSo
Marquetle Rye. bottle . .' .OOe
Je*»e Moore A A Boarbon... \u25a0 * " Vl ftft
Oak Hun (highest grade), b,ottle7.*Bl3>o
Kt-niiickj Bourbon, bot. 50e| ga1..52.(»»
I/ondoo Dock Sherry, reg. 75c/b0t..50c
Commendador Port Wine, reg. $1,00 «
bottle :jo c
Tlpo Olitnntl. pints, 35e» quarts 65c
I'ort. Sherry or AuKeliea Wine. ga1.. 55c
lUe»Une. Santfrnr or Zlafandel. ga1..50c
Table claret, good, strong wine, ga1..40c
l.llii«>u".« or Freedom Scotch, reg.
SI.SO. Cbottled and cased in Scot-
land), bottle .'.....; . 91J2%
Start the New Tear right and do your
regular grocery trading with us. Or-
ders culled for by experienced salesmen
and delivered the same day.
STORES I "
1 101 Valencia, cor. i2d. .Tel. Mlaston 121
2575 Market, or. 16tk. . .Tel. .MUolon 32S
-4i Clemeat* nr. 4th At. .TeL Pacific 253
MARINERS CHUCKLE
WHEN COURT HOLDS
MATE FOR BATTERY
They "Say His Fame
as "Bucko" Is
Widespread.
Authority Is Ques
tioned by Auda-
cious Landsman.
Retort Is . a Blow
That Lays Out
the Querist
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
A group of grimy seamen in Police
Judge Mogan's court interchanged
handshakes and. apparently found it dif
ficult to repress impulse to applaud
when his Honor pronounced Charles
Blum, first mate of the ship Churchill,
guilty of battery upon the person of J.
H. Rex, a longshoreman watchman.
The exultation of the mariners was
consistent with their estimate of the
defendant's character, as previously ex
pressed by them, individually and col
lectively, in the corridor. If their nar
ratives were credible, Mr. Blum's fame,
as a "bucko mate." exceptionally
equipped with the ungentle qualities
Implied by the adjective, had pene
trated to every port in the Seven Seas.
His quickness to blaze into wrath and
his readiness to smite with fist or be
laying pin the head of the offending
sailorman, regardless of whether, the
offense was intentional cr unavoidable,
made him a veritable terror of the
forecastle under his command.
As he faced the bench and pleaded
with voice deep as muffled thunder Mr.
Blum's external ensemble did not be
lie his reputed Nero-like nature. Square
of shoulder and jaw, and with massive
hands dangling and hooked as seamen's
hands usual ly* are, he was fairly typi
cal of the shipboard tyrant depicted b*y
Russell or Conrad.
Watchman Rex's testimony showed
that the swinging blow delivered upon
hlß.Jaw by Mate Blum's rightist was ;
hardly justified by the provocation.
The ship was unloading at the Union
Iron Works and the mate discharged
the watchman for what the latter con
sidered insufficient cause. Not being a
foremast hand on the high seas, he had
the temerity to request an explanation
of his dismissal. The mate,, forgetting
that he was not on the high seas, where
it was Indiscreet for his subordinates
to make reply or reason why. .promptly
swung his fist. The force of the blow
almost sent its recipient overboard.
Sentence was reserved till to-day.
••" • * j- ".., :\u25a0"-
After she had stolen a pair of por
tieres and a couch pillow from the home
of Mrs. Sophie Bauman. 287 Seventh
street, Mrs. Mary Farrell, whose claim
of 73 years of age was not' belied by
her looks, hied her to aFolsom-street
pawnshop, obtained a money loan on
her plunder,' pilfered a second-hand
pair of .shoes, went'to the residence ;of
Mrs. McKay, 116 A Rues street,: "Jlfted"
a gray cloth coat and a f eatheF,, boa
and was departing. with the loot- when
Mrs. McKay summoned a'police'man and
gave her Into custody. .
"Your energy was .worthy of, Invest
ment in a more creditable pursuit than
that of stealing." Judge Fritz remarked
to the defendant/
"I don't know what ye mean, but I
hope ye don't believe all the He 3 they're
tellin' about me," she responded' in
quavering voice. "My son Is a teamster
in Nevada and sends me all the money
I need, and I never stole a' thing In my
life."
But the prosecuting , testimony was
overwhelming and the ' aged /klepto
maniac was sentenced to eight months'
imprisonment - ':\u25a0
* , • • «
Police Sergeant Roes, to whom the
inner life of Chinatown Is an 'open book,
Informed Judge Mogan. that Ah/ Sing
Duck, accused of vagrancy ?" was a pro
fessional slayer of humankind, and -'came
from New York to San Francisco to ful
fill a life-taking engagement for .one of
the tongs. \u25a0• '
"He came here to kill," the sergeant
said, "and they say he. has eleven corpses
to his discredit. Highblndery Is now well
under repression, but If . this man Is al
lowed to remain at large, there is likely
to be 'a resumption of blood-letting, for
the. men. whom he • has been . imported to
i assassinate are killers themselves, and
even though he should not open the war
fare, they will not supinely await -his at
tack. His freedom - would •be j a menace
to the peace of Chinatown."
The hearing of the -vagrancy charge
was continued till January 4, and /with a
view to preventing Ah' Sing. Duck's indul
gence in his alleged prof essional pursuit !
i during the Interim the Judge fixed his '
ball-at $1000. - .
• • »\u25a0-.".
Attorney/Taft discovered a defect in a
complaint on file in Judge Conlan's court,
and after calling his Honor's; attention
to the . blunder he inscribed ;_ the word*
"Errata" on the document ; and tossed -It
upon the clerk's desk. There it was seen |
by one of the. bailiffs, who, after spelling,
out what the attorney had written,
turned to a fellow court offlcer and said:
"Do you know who this dago lawyer
is?" ' v ;;; \u0084 .' • .{*;• •
The other bailiff shook his head and
said Attorney Errata was a \u25a0 new one to
him. IHMBIUMiBBttBU
\u25a0\u25a0'*'. * \u25a0 •\u25a0 •
Pietro Belasco came ' down \ from Stock
ton to spend -the holidays -in companion
ship with his life-long . friend,* Francisco
Navarra, and the' twain quaffed much
dark-red vintage and repeated' many oft
exchanged reminiscenses of their boy
"hool in dear Italia. No ' more ' than that
******
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUTOAYJ^DECEMBER 30; 1J905;
relative to the Incidents of their reunion
they were able to tell Judge Mogan.be
; fore whom they were accused of drunk
enness and disorderly conduct. They pro
fessed to , have no recollection whatever
of the extraordinary conduct credited to
them* by Patrolman P. Peshon, . who
averred that jhe discovered them in the
act of endeavoring to convey a long and
heavy plank, evidently a plasterer's plat
form, up a hill so steep that its ascent
is toilsome to a person carrying no weight
i at all.
| It was in that portion of Little Italy,
; where" Kearny street crosses Broadway
fend abruptly assumes the semi-perpendic
ular,' that the arrests were made. The po
liceman told, the court that; his attention
was attracted to the spot by a crowd
that laughingly applauded the efforts of
the defendants to scale the acclivity with
their burden. Each of the gentlemen had
an end of the plank upon one of his shoul
ders, and Mr. Belasco was leading. As
he plodded upward, his progress being
aided by wooden . footholds extending
across the sidewalk, the plank either
slipped from his shoulder or Mr. Na
varra, upon Whom the brunt of the
burden rested, collapsed, the- result in
either case being the same — failure of the
attempt. • - _
"Three times they tried and fell down
whilo I was watching them," said the
officer, "and how | many tinies they had
tried and fell down before that I don't
know." •.
I Nor did he know to whom the plank be
longed, where the. defendants . got it or
•where they intended to deposit it, and the
defendants themselves were: equally igno
rant on those points. -
"I think," said the -Judge, "that It
would be a boon to you two gentlemen to
extend the period of your enforced total
abstinence from tippling which began
with your arrest, and the sentence , of the_
court is that you be imprisoned twenty
four hours longer.".,
• • \u25a0.- \u25a0>•--_
When she missed her $2500 pearl neck
lace and her fur, boa from her apartment,
Mrs. May Hess, keeper of a "rooming"
house at 271 O'Farrell street, , suspected
that the property had been pilfered by
two of her lodgers, ? Miss Hattle Martini
i and Charles H. Lawson, and the detec
tives to whom she imparted her suspicion
found in Mr. Lawson's possession a "tail" !
which she alleged . had been attached to
the missing boa. To prove her allegation
was well founded, Mrs. Hess invited com
parison of the scent emitted by the, "tail"
with that of a liquid she used to perfume
her garments' a half-emptied bottle of
which she submitted for the test. The
detectives sniffed and considered them
selves justified in arresting Miss '\u25a0 Martini
and Mr. Lawson and booking them for
grand larceny..
As the prosecution depended mainly
upon. the' similarity. of the scents, several
experts |in chemistry and perfumery and
pharmacy were sworn to testify before
Judge ,Conlan, whose morning was large
ly taken up by the hearing. Both the
"tail" and, the. bottle were in court, and
every one connected with the case, and
many persons who had no connection with
it, all • smelled and compared ' and opined
one way or the other. 'And the end is not
\u25a0\u25a0' While serving his term of nine months'
imprisonment James Kennedy, a stalwart
vagabond, will prepay the {county , for his
board and ', lodging •by manual labor, ; for
after his commitment had been drawn
Judge Mogan attached thereto'a personal
request to the , Sheriff to make Mr.; Ke
nnedy's incarceration as laborious as pos
sible. ' i
His Honor's reason . for such an
unusual step consisted of I the aggravated
character 'of Mr. > Kennedy's offense. Pa
trolmen Brown and' Evett having. testified
that they arrested him. in front of the
Hall. Of Justice in response to the com
plaint of "citizens; whom he had abused
with tongue, and -hands* when, they "de
clined to give ,him alms. While the of
ficers were telling their story the defend
ant turned his head ; and leered, at f the
inmates jof the : cage, and when sentence
was pronounced he seemed to experience
difficulty , in , repressing . inclination to
laugh. - \u25a0'
"If you think," said . the Judge, as' he
scribbled 'the * addenda to' the • commit
ment, "that>your ; Imprisonment ,' will be
mere idle pastime I'm afraid; you are de
ceiving." yourself. ' There's plenty^ of hard
work* to be "done In the , County Jail, arid
unless I am ivery much mistaken you will
be compelled to do v a.blg share of It." «•'•-'
; Mr. .' Kennedy's , countenance was not \u25a0, In
the least reflective of, curbed mirth as. he
re-entered the corral. •
Dies - From. Criminal * Operation.
. Mrs. Laura Stratton, 1757 Mission
street, ,died at the Buena Vista .San
atorium on Thursday night ., and her
body was taken- to the Morgue , yes
terday. ' She died; from • peritonitis fol
lowing; a criminal self-per?
formed on December,. 20. r • Dr. S. P.
Brown was 'called -in on December.' 23,
and after treating, her . he •_ advised^her
removal to a hospital. ,' Dr. -, H. . C. * Ed
wards ; was called \ in f the • following, day.
and he had her sent 4 to the '''sa'nator-'
ium. She-confessed to Dr. .-Edwards
that she had j committed; the operation
upon herself 'and \u25a0 signed -a note \u25a0to that
effect to protect him. * She ', was 35 years
ofjage» and; her,; husband is; living at
Cement, Cal. j "Detective Silvey.was de
tailed/ on . the; reported .that
from/ his '.lnvestigation the
statement'-to Dr. Edwards '.was ' true.~ '. '\u25a0-
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
, Blind." Bleeding- or Protruding Plleai
Your druggist;wlll refund money If 'Paso Oint
ment'falls to cure; you In; 0 to 14 days. ;60c. •
Carmen • Are . exonerated.
The, Coroner's. Jury /at v . the inquests
yesterday^onv the '•'_ bodies', of : Joseph
Cronin;-2934 . Folsom -and ;Wil
liam ; Murphy, ' 255 ;> Perry V street; : ' who
were killed ; by, electric cars { on " Decem
ber; 21,' exonerated =: ttie;motormen-.from
all | blame. ? A ! simllar ; verdict; exonerat
ing the ; gripman,':, was * rendered \in : the
case of Thomas ;O'Keefe,' a soldier/ 'who
was . fatally.' injured by. : a Union-street
car on the > same day. ; \u0084 \u25a0 !•"\u25a0; . ; * "
'Murine; Eye Remedy— An Eye Food
Soothes and Quickly Cures Ailing Eyp»* •
COLLINS MUST
BE TRIED AGAIN
Grand Jury Brings Another
Indictment, Charging ; the
Attorney With Perjury
SPENDS NIGHT IN JAIL
Expects to Be Eeleased To-
Day and Will Try to Have
the Proceedings Quashed
Attorney' George D. Collins must
stand trial for perjury once: again.
That was decided; yesterday afternoon
When the Grand Jury brought in an
Indictment against him, charging him
with perjuring himself 'at . his recent
trial. " A bench warrant was issued
and Collins was arrested and taken to
the County. Jail., where he spent the
nJglit. He «is confident of being re- i
leased on the i-ecjuired $15,000 bonds
to-day. . y
Although it was well .known ' all
around the Hall of ' Justice that Collins
was/about ' to be indicted. . the Grand
Jury was very, slow In .reaching an
agreement. • It. took the inquisitorial
body nearly - two hours to . return the
Indictment. Three witnesses. Father!
Connolly. William Newnian, Charlotta's
brother, and Th oma s j Curi an, s best man
at Collins' [first wedding, were ex
amined and it was' upo'n their testi
mony that the jury, decided to prose
cute* Collins on. the perjury charge
again. •/,', . 7
Father "Connolb^ was the first wit
ness . examined. . He recited- in detail
practically the same testimony he grave
at the recent trial of Collins. ' He told
how he had niarried CfTarlotta New
man and Collins in the Eddy-street
church years ago and was sure of , thtf
Identity of both. He was. closely ques
tioned by^ the jury, but never wavered
In his giving the jury a
{food lead In their case.
ARRESTED OX THE STREET. ;
Curran was next called; He told
how he had acted as best man'at the
wedding and was sure that Collins had
married Charlotta Newman. Then
came Newman.' Charlotta's- brother,
who was. .also positive that Collins was
wedded years ago to her and not to
her sister Agnes as he swore, to at his
recent trial.
Shortly before ? o'clock \u25a0 the : ! Grand -
Jury filed into Judge Lawlor's court
room. The indictment was presented
and placed on a secret file and/ the
Judge issued a bench warrant for the
arrefet of Collins. Deputy Sheriff Mar
tin..Welch was ordered to go and round
up the accused attorney as quickly as
possible. . ;, '
Welch started out on his errand and
fifteen minutes later he spied Collins
coming down Market street.
" "Why, hello. Welch," said the wily
attorney. "I suppose you are looking
for me once, more?".
i "Yes, I was sent by Judge Lawlor to
serve this warrant right away,", said
''\u25a0'\u25a0'
L\TE.\DS TO APPEAL CASE.
"Does the Judge want to see me in
a hurry?' said Collins. ;"I wonder
whether it would be proper for me to
go to his courtroom at once or proceed
to the County. Jail? Oh.^well, I v guess
we had better' go* to jail,"; and, taking
the. deputy by the arm,. Collins led, him
to- a' car, which "they 'boarded and pro
ceeded 'to the retreat ' at -Broadway ! and
Kearny street. .- .
Collins' at once .communicated; with
his attorneys. " Board man and McPlke.
It was too late to! secure the $^5,000
bond, so the accused lawyer concluded
to. wait ;tlll this morning. before tmak
ing any attempt to confer! with t;he in
demnity company. He 'settled down to
spend a comfortable night. in jail and
did not seem to be worried at what
might happen.
"I will make an appeal to . the Su
preme Court to-morrow "morning to
have this case quashed on the ground
thati the first perjury charge was not
settled before the other was brought,"
said Collins. "Imaintainthis is illegal
and that I am being persecuted. .They
cannot make this 'lndictment stick. I
will gain- my .release -in the morning
and begin my fight." ;
JVeiy Year's at Hotel Del Monte.
4 Enjoy the; glass-bottom boats, hot
salt water swimming, driving,
tennis and golf on, the finest course In
California. ; Special ..' tickets, good:, leav
ing San Francisco any train, from Fri
day.' December 29; returning by any,
train Tuesday, January .2. /Round-trip
rate, including four days', accommoda
tions at Del :Monto,- $18." -.Through
train, with parlor car, leaves Third and
Townsend streets' daily M at» 3 io'clock;
returning leaves Del Monte S:3O a. m. •
To Kntertiiln for Cliarltj-.
. The Humanitarians, a society, organ
ized by the mothers and children of the
Potrero, will .give an entertainment for
charity.riext, Tuesday evening. at Maen
nerbund Hall, "Twenty-fourth and Po
trero avenues. " The Entertainment /will
begin at 8 o'clock anda'pleasing. pro
gramme of music, songs'; and speeches
Is planned. Many of itheichildren "will
take part In the singing... The' affair iis
under the direction of Mrs.' B. Nelson. •
MA/RKS BROS.'
KUSftINC JANUARY
CLEARANCE SALE
BEGINS THIS MORNING at 9 O'Clock
all winter merchandise to
m: sacrificed at just about
\u25a0 v- \u25a0 \u25a0 .mm
SOcONTHEPOULAR
. BICCEST^ PRICE REDLJCTIO\S ever known lipw,
'being held In WAJSTS,? SKIiRTSi WRAPPERS.
KiIVIONAS^^
DRESSES AMD COATS, KNIT UNDERWEAR, HO-
SIERY; belts; bags, veili ncs^h an dkerch iefs, \u25a0: •;
MUFFLERS, MUSLIN UNDERWEAR, LACES, EM-
BROIDERIES^ ETC. W ; , ' ' \'i..; W^ \u25a0 .
MADK^RDn^ busy store
12201224 MARKET STREET, BetTreeaTarlbr and Jone,.
— ' UlM lllllllllllMllllMßWlßHMlßHMßllßHlil^^
YIELDS OFFICE
TO RONCOVIERI
Mayor's Authority to Name
Superintendent Is Upheld
by the Attorney General
PAKDEE IS SATISFIED
Governor Will Not Contest
Opinion and Friends of
.; the Appointee Are Elated
After receiving an adverse opinion from'
the State Attorney^ General yesterday re
garding authority to appoint a Superin
tendent of Schools for the city .and coun
ty of San Francisco, Governor Pardee an
nounced that he 'would rest content' with
the opinion; and refrain from, appointing
Reginald H. Webster to the vacancy, as
he had intended.*:
Mayor Sehmitz .was immediately In
formed, and the word quickly spread that
Alfred Roncovieri was assured of the po
sition. .The friends qf Mf- Roncovieri
were much pleased; to learn that there
would be no contest of his appointment.
! Attorney General Webb In a letter to
the Governor, declares that the | opinion
.formerly, made by him relating to the fill
ing of a vacancy in the Public Adminis
trator's - office comprehends the \u25a0 present
case. The vital points of the opinion fol
low: f .
Any authority which you. the Governor, may
have for filling a vacancy in the office of Pub
lic Administrator must be found in section H
of article V of the State Constitution.
Tou-will note' that the power to appoint
takes effect when ; "no . mode Is provided by
the constitution \u25a0 and law for" filling the va
cancy." In view of this section of 'the con
stitution I am "of opinion that you- have no
power to fill a vacancy In the office of Pub
lic Administrator when -It -Occurs, for the rea
son that there Is a mode. provided by the con
stitution and the law for filling such vacancy.
This conclusion precludes all necessity of de
termining whether at present there exists a
vacancy in the \u25a0 office of Public Administra
tor'ln and for- the city and county of San
Francisco. . '
The mode of appointment to such vacancy
which prevents toe above section of the con
stitution from taking effect is found either in
\u25a0section 8% of article XI of the constitution or
in subdivision 19 of section 25 of the county
government act.
Under section BU. of article XI of the con
stitution of this State, .It* undoubtedly would
have been permissible for the freeholders'
convention to have provided that all county
officers In San Francisco be appointed instead
of being elected, and likewise that such char
ter might have provided; that in the event a
vacancy occurred, such vacancy shall be filled
by election. ' Such provisions .would have been
clearly within the authority granted " In the
constitutional provision above referred to. • The
charter, however, does not take either of such
courses. On the | other hand It provides that
the county officers shall be elected and In the
event of a vacancy that. the vacancy be filled
by an appointment by the Mayor. As the office
of Public Administrator Is a county office and
as provision is : made \u25a0by law authorizing the
Mayor to fill a vacancy in such office, I am
of the opinion that you have no authority to
fill such vacancy. *\u25a0" ?*-':-. -,;'f -' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'
COMMITTEE FAILS TO
ACT OX MAYOR'S VETOES
Disapproval of Ordinances Selecting
Flayßround and Lowell High School
Sites Will Be Sustained.
The Supervisors'., Utilities Committee
was to -have met yesterday to take
action on the* Mayor's vetoes of the
ordinances selecting the Bell estate
property as a'slte for the Lowell High
School and a block <of land numbered
177 for a'* children's playground at
North Beach, but there was no quorum
present. The committee will meet
next Wednesday to recommend for
mally that the vetoes be not sustained,
but it 'knows that, its recommendation
will not be confirmed, as It takes fif
teen votes- to override *" the ~. Mayor's
veto and at * least foun Supervisors out
of the eighteen — Boxton, Gallagher,
Sanderson 'and Rea — will sustain the
Mayor. It Is. said that the block on
Hayes street between Steiner and
Pierce, opposite. Alamo square, will be
eventually-selected as a site for the
Lowell r= High School, and the block
adjoining Washington, square for the
children's 'playground.
97 20 Pnno Robin Hot \u25a0 Springs and
\u25a0 Return. - .
Ticket s 4 sold December 30 and 31, January 1 :
return limit January 2. Beautiful drives and
walks. See finest bathhouse In' America!' ldeal
way to spend New Year's. See Southern'Pa
cillc acent. .•'... ' • \u25a0 - :•
Minnie Admits Jury . Impaneled.
The remaining, two jurors; were se
cured yesterday to try Mlnpie^Adams,
charged with the murder of her 'baby
boy "in March, 1599. It "has taken five
days I to > impanel the jury,, owing to
the, .objections " of those . examined "to
hanging a woman. Over 200 talesmen
were; called. The taking of the testi
mony^ 1 will begin Tuesday morning.
The jurors are: Foster P. Cole, Wil
liam Hearne, Francis V. Nelson. "Albert
B. Patrick, L. Hinz,' J." Eldracher, N. E.
Moyer, -R.'-H. Farmer, E. L. Fitzgerald,
George L. Wedekind,*. D. .Mcßae and J.
H." Wiley. '.' < . :.
• Dl Kola's. /Asthma'. Remedy cures
asthma; leaves no: bad after effect Sold
by druggists. Main office, 1605 Market.*
. INVOLt'NTART, BANKRUPT.— Creditors of
J.,M. Jacobs, a merchant' or Sonora. petitioned
the ' United - States District Court yesterday to
declare him an .Involuntary insolvent. ".They al
lege that he own more than $1000. and that on
December 21 of this year: he admitted In wrlt
iug his inability to pay his debts. ' v
Hole's store will be closed all day Monday (New Year's).
;-&ißLs* COATS AT $$.9Er
\u25a0jsik-l That's the "first good news for mothers
% School opens Tuesday, January 2, the
SygS real start of winter weather, and every
J^^W^. little girl ought to have a warmer coat.
/2fTlV£\ Keeping warm means fewer colds.
#^ 'f^r-Ov Fewer colds means fewer doctor bills.
T^d fo JPste^ Then these coats are unusual at $3-95-
(£s I fflfe= See them; of light weight Kersey, with turn-
I llh '.1\ \- coat or Keraey, made of good che-
a \\ 1 'l| \ loose back, flat col- viot: reinforced
:-/ I V lar and belt trimmed gjn^witj^ collar
' il Will '\\ \ wlth satln Btraps and fancy buttons;
XLiWi .-^P— ' - and piping. Castor large nevr sleeva
and blue and belted back>
AM Girl's Dress $1.25
miu^-V It's an unusual price. lhe dresses
are unusual. That's why they are so in-
teresting to-day.
Think of paying $1.25 for dresses made of a Fancy Sh e P he^^,i cc h k o ,^f te w!^
trimmed with pretty braid and lace insertion, lined throughout, blue
and brown to choose from. $1.25. Ages 6 to 10 years. \u25a0
A Nobby Russian Blouse Suit. »1.»5t In a pretty combination of ljlue and
green. -
Stocking News Toot! Toot! .
Important to-day are values Horns for New Year's,
fof women 'and children. Good Get them at Haie's to-day Re, 10c,
... \^ \u0084, 15c. Good, loud ones. Third floor,
stockings. Dependable.
Save, by the pair. Save more by th» *~" ~
dozen pairs. School starts Tues- t-. . r>
«£U 5...v,«.. »«« M ., .r 10c Sale Soap
»IJJB dozen pairs: Sizes 8% to 10; .- x rt t u._ tins
seamless, fast black cotton stock- J 10 me DOX
ings; extra long, wide and elastic; ,
. double soles and heels and toes. Good toilet SOap, and a gOOu
12V>c pair. $1.38 dozen pairs. . ._. . . •
Children'- Ironthread Stocking 15e. Variety of different kinds tO
or 51.«5 dozen palrm In a box. ,i,^. efl - rmm, nm , lr ,c Kr»v Tahlf
Best for school stockings. Fine.* ChOOSe trom. lOC DOX. 1 aDie,
heavy quality; narrow rib; doubly _\u0084:„ floor to-day
strong where the most wear comes. mam noor, iu-udjr.
.: All sizes, 6 to 10. Among the different* kinds, these:
— — : — —. ~ Persian Violet,
/^s - -l "x/- , i White Honey.
, Candy for the SKas^
New Year »0.^.., k .^««^.
Order it to-day. From pure whole- /M[ *h*u>o&.^^'^
some daintier to splendid -g €M^ n *i*oa9^
l°e! e A3E^rE a c ? 3P " etts^ Two.Entrances gg»sSgrfa
THEATERS PREPARE ELABORATE
OFFERINGS FOR NEW YEAR'S
Bills at All Playhouses Are Exceptlon
. ally Strong and Special Matinees
Are the Rule.
The offerings of the local theaters for
New Year'a day and. the week ensuing
will surpass any previous holiday bills.
At the. Grand Opera-house alone three
celebrated tragedies, "Macbeth," "The
"Jewess" and "Hedda Gabler," will be
given.
j,iAt the Orpheum an exceptionally
strong bill is. provided by the visiting
road show and the New Tear's day
matinee will include many local fa
vorites. ""v . • —
At the Columbia New Year's eve and
the day. following William H. Crane
will give special performances of; "The
American Lord."
The Alcazar falls In line with a holi
day: mirth provokers. "A Stranger in a
Strange Land."* and the excellent com
pany will be seen to advantage in the
far^e. The Alhambra will revive the
first David Belasco success, "The Heart
of Maryland."
New -Year's day at the Tlvoli will
furnish ' lovers of music with the
Christmas extravaganza, "Orpheus in
Hades." At the California lovers of
the burlesque will, be entertained by
Charles Hall's presentation of "The
Jolly Girls." - •
Harry Bishop at the Majestic offers
the Neills' In that ' beautiful drama,
"When ."We Were Twenty-one." and at
the New Central will be seen Ralph
Stuart's success. "By Right of Sword,"
portrayed by .the new stock company.
At the: Chutes an elaborate extrava
ganza is offered with amuseraei d pro
vided .within the grounds for the enter
tainment of old and young.
SEVERAL' 3IORE VIOLATORS
"OF DEER LAWS ABE CAUGHT
Chief Deputy Vogelsang of FUh Com
mission Catches >lany Offend
ers In Ills Nets.
Chief. Deputy Vogelsang of the Fish
Commission has succeeded In securing
the punishment of; several more af the
hunters who are slaughtering deer in
violation of the law. Edward Saunders
of." Redding,:. N." Clementl of Duncans
Mills land Fred Teesy, Ralph Goodhue
and A. Onstott of Crescent Mills have
all been caught and fined during the
last .week.' \u25a0
Vogelsang Is pushing his campaign
vigorously and believes that he will
have the majority of these deer law vio
lators punished or scared into good be
havior before many months. The deer
are becoming scarcer year by year and
unless the law is obeyed to the very
letter California will be as badly oft as
some of the ' Eastern States in the mat
ter of t buck shooting.
: Ernest Nawane. a recent arrival from
Italy, purchased a new gun last week
and went hunting big game in the
Sausalito wilds. He had killed a gray
squirrel and two robins when caught
by the. officers.'- Justice of the Peace
Pryor*let the offender off with an ad
monition and a. 535 fine. •
'G. Garone was arrested in this city
yesterday for selling drowned ducks.
LITTLE FOLKS ARE SEEN
IX A CimiSTMAS CANTATA
Youths : Entertain In Hall . of
'-\u25a0•' the Simpson , Memorial Methodist •
. ' Episcopal Church.
. At the Simpson Memorial Methodist
Episcopal Church last night, Rev.'J. N.
Williams pastor, a Christmas cantata,
"A v Real Santa Claus," was
given in; the hall of the church before
a large attendance. ; The piece was ren
dered -by, children, with the assistance
of Elmer Buckman and . Marcus Waltz.
, There iwere ' nearly thirty children In
the "piece and their, clever work .won
the praise of every, one "present. Miss
Lela Ran k V.'a tiny little girl, showed
that she possesses a great deal of talent
by . pla'yinK the part of Moll ie Jackson
Brown, and she also sang several songs
in. a pleasing manner.
..The! cantata- was arranged by Miss
Cora Delano," Miss May Schleutcr, Miss
Irene Humphries. Miss Rene. Waltz and
Mrs." W/.lj. XHincaniV
Boy Run Down by , Bussr.
" Carl 'Andrews, a ten-year-old boy,
was -run. down, at -the corner of beta via
and Waller streets yesterday " afternoon
by: a buggy, driven by D.Farrel. a col
lector. >The lad -was coasting down the
hill/and -did not; see the approaching
vehicle. -He was treated at the Central
Emergency "'.Hospital fox. a fracture of
the>lghtilegr.*~ Parrel was arrested and
'charged twithibattery. but as the acci
dent'could notsbe averted he will prob
ably be rgleascuV
: FALL .FROM BRIDGE FATAL.— Phillip
Maher.'- a ? laborer, fell . from \u25a0 a bridge on Do
lores street > on^Tbursday night : and .died -at
the ! City \u25a0 and ' County • Hospital < early yesterday
mornlnr.v- The;« body was : removed .to the
Morgue. Maher lived at 3980 Army street.
AMERICAN* CAN COMPANY
PROVES ITS PRODXTCT GOOD
Wln a Suit in United States Circuit
Court by a Unanimous Verdict of **&\u25a0
Business Men. *"
The case of the F. P. Cuttlnjr Com
pany vs. the American Can Company,
which has been on trial before a jury
for the past week In the United States
Circuit Court, Judge Hanford of.Seat
tle presiding, was yesterday decided
unanimously In favor of the defendant.
This case has been watched with very
much interest by all. the various can
nery men on the coast, because It in
volved the question as to whether or
not the American Can Company had
furnished merchantable cans to> the
Cutting Company for the season of
1903 at its cannery in San Jose. Ex
perts were called by both parties and
a prolonged discussion took place over
the merits of the case. H. W. Pnelps
and John Young of the American ' Can
Company came before the jury and
made a very full and Interesting state
ment concerning the manufacture of
cans, in which they set forth the whole
history of the process.
It was claimed by Colonel Cutler an 3
his subordinates for the Cutting Com
pany that the cans in question were
not merchantable cans, and a vast deal
of testimony was Introduced concern
ing the various processes by which
cans were made.
KATHERWE MORTON
And the Well-Groomed Woman
IN* NEXT SIN'DAY'S CAUL.
POOR ARE GIVEN HEUP. — The ' French
Ladies' Benovolent Society held a meeting on
December 29 and made Us annual distributions
to ths poor French people of this ctty. Nearly
200 men, women and children were given
clothes and food. The children were jlv»^
toys to make them happy and more than |50<V
worth of roods was given away.
THE OLD RELIABLE
BAY CITY
MARKET
ESTABLISHED 1575.
1132-38 Market St. 25-2749 Turk St.
Special Sale_Every Saturday
PRIMERBROAST, 1 *\\ -
jperlb.. I^2C
From our choice Xmas stock.
ROAST VEAL, g p IfU (Qlp
choice, per Ib.-. Übf iUbi IZ2U
PORTERHOUSE STEAKS, 11*
choice, pet lb Imu
LEG LAMB, extra quality, || n
pcr1b...... lib
SHOULBER LAMB, extra Cp
quality, per 1b ....... ...... w U,
FOREQUARTER LAMB, jfl£V
extra quality, per lb I vu
CORNED BEEF, stall fed, per C n
ID •\u2666 ....... *#w
LEG PORK, per 1b... ftp
. Choice Xmas stock, corn fed.
ROAST PORK, per lb .... Qg
Choice Xmas stock, corn ted.
N. B OUR TELEPBO\B -VPMBER IS
E.4.ST 150.
Roosevelt Says;
"This Is the as* of Combination."
Our Benellng Combination Eye-Glass
Is one of the important ones of the age.
Makes the old look younf? and the
ycjng younger and does not hurt the
nose.
$5.00 Buys a Pair
Open Satnrdar Evenlas.
w w . 214 Grant Avenue
jj^gj] CURE SICK BEADAC^
BlrrriE Senuina Must Bear
imiFe Fao^imila Signafitft
\u25a0 PILLS* '> ~\S9~ M ~