Tfie^iijrrisits IViof
THE WEATHER.
Forecast for October 20:
fc?a». Francisco and vicinity— Fair
FiSJay; soir.er.hat warmer; light east
winds chansing to westerly.
A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster. .
VOLUME XCVIII— NO. I^2.
SUIT CASE
IS STUFFED
WITH BILLS
Express Company
Recovers Sum of
$80,000.
Capture of an Employe
Who Stole a Cash
Shipment.
Part of Loot Found in Closet
at the Home of a
Relative.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Oct. 19.—Ed
ward G. Cunllffe. the Adams Express
Company's employe, who disappaered
from Pittsburg;. Pa., with $101,000 in
cash, was arrested here to-day. He
irade a confession and expressed his
willingness to retura at once to Pitts
burg. He declared that the money
which he took was intact and that it
could be restored, but he declined to
tell until his return to Pittsburg where
It Is hidden. On his person when ar
rested was found $290 In cash.
"Five minutes after I took the
money I was sorry," said Cunliffe, "but
it was too late to do anything. What
can you expect from a man getting a
salary of only $65 a month and handling
thousands of dollars a day. * I was
tempted and I felL I have handled
larger sums. I remember once when I
had ?250,<H>0 in cash. I was tempted
then, but I thought it over and de
cided to be honest."
BRISTOL, Conn., Oct. 18. — Nearly
t&O.yOO of the money stolen try George
K-ieord Oun litre on October 9 frora^tfaA.
Adams Express Company, In Pittsburg,
was recovered to-night at the home of
Juspph \V. Boardm?n, Cunliffe's
brother-in-law.
For just a- week the fortune had lain
In an old suit- case, unknown to Board
man, who was holding the valise in the
expectation that its owner would call
for it any day. The exact sum found
was $79,953 s£».
As the result of the statement made
by Cunliffe in Bridgeport to-night that
be had pent $S 5.000 of the plunder to
bis brother-in-law, Boardman, in Bris
tol, a press representative called at the
Boardman house and asked Boardman
it that were true. Boardman, \u25a0who is a
young man and the agent here of the
Electric Express Company of Hartford,
said he had received no money, but that
on October l(i & dress suit case came to
his house from Bridgeport, and as there
•was no name on it he had not opened
It. His wife signed for the case and
Boardman . placed it in a closet, think
ing it *\*as sent to him as agent of
en express company to be called for
later.
Sheriff Miems and Captain Belden of
the' police force were sent for, and in
their presence the case was torn open.
Huge bundles of money in the shape of
bills tumbled out on the floor, and also
a. black suit of clothing, a pair of
shoes and two shirts. As the money
was being counted. Superintendent J. C.
Curtis of the "Adams Express Compa
ny's New England agency and William
F. Minster, superintendent of the Pink
erton detectives, drove to the house
and were admitted.
There were fifteen bundles of $100
bills, making a total of $50,000, and the
rest, with the exception of $3 66. which
was in a pocket in the coat, was in $50
bills. No one was more surprised at
the display of money tha.n Boardman
himself.
Curtis packed the money in a valise
and took the late train for Hartford.
Boardman says be has received no
word from Cunllffe during . eighteen
months and that if the fugitive had
come this way he would have Informed
the police. Cunliffe's -wife is Board
man's sister and he says he has had let
ters from her since Cunliffe disappear
ed asking that he do all he could to
find the missing man.
AUTO DASHES INTO
AN ELECTEIC CAE
Machine Is Overturned and
Occupants Are Badly
Bruised.
I.OS ANGEL.ES. Oct. 19— An auto
mobile collided with a Moneta avenue
electric car at Fifty-third and . Main
streets *»Brly this morning, injuring the
four ocrupants of the automobile, two
men and tVo wom^n. and wrecking the
machine. The injured are: A. Newlands,
aj-m broken, lacerated scalp; A. Sunt
lir>im<*r. fceverrty bruised and cut on the
iicad; Mniio Bradford, collar bone broken.
l>ody bruised: LJllie Bryson, severely cut
on head, bedy bruised.
Thr party had been on a trip to the
outskirts of the city and was rrturning
over Main street boulevard at a high rate
of epec-d. At Fifty-third and Main streets
the driver, Suntheimer, attempted to cut
across ahead of a Moneta avenue car, but
failed. The car struck.. the automobile,
turning it ovrr and pinning the occupants
beneath it. They were released by the
carmen and sent to a hospital.
ENORMOUS SUN SPOT CAN
BE SEEN WITH NAKED EVE
Director of (he Astronomical Observ
atory of the Vatican Announce*
DlMeovery.
ROME, Oct. 19. — Father Rodrigruez., director
of the astronomical observatory of the Vatican,
to-day offlcia.Hy announf*d that he had discov
ered In the tun a spot of extraordinarily laric<v
dimension — larjf»r than that' observed last F>b
ruary. The spot can now be seen with the
BJLke'd eve.
The San Francisco Call.
COURAGEOUS
WOMAN USES
A REVOLVER
BadlyWoundsMan
Who Was Perse
cuting Her.
Shoots Him in the Neck
When He Tries to
Enter Her Home.
J. J. Laventhal's Infatuation
for Married Woman May
Cost Him His Life.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 19.— 1n defense
of her honor and after having repeat
edly warned her victim. Mrs. Joseph J.
Roach, wife of a commercial traveler
and an unusually handsome woman,
shot J. J. Laventhal in the- neck this
evening, indicting a wound which the
surgeons say is almost certain to prove
fatal. The snooting occurred at the
home of Mrs. Roach and was the result
of Laventhai's insane infatuation. For
months he has been persecuting Mrs.
Roach with his attentions. Once she
caused his arrest and he was heavily
flned,' but he continued to annoy her,
begging her lo get a divorce and marry
him. He even threatened to kill her.
Laventhal went to the woman's house
late this afternoon and demanded to
talk with her. She closed the "door in
his face, whereupon' he ran to . the
rear door, but 6he had locked that also.
Then he shouted that he . would force
an entrance through a window. and- she
replied that- if, ; fie ; did,shei;Would. shoot
him.' Laventhal -laughed at.her: threat
and proceeded- to open "a" window. Mrs.
Roach had armed herself with her hus
band's, revolver and twice warned Lav
enthal to go back- As he was climbing
over the window casing she "fired' and
he dropped to, the ground. Mrs. Roach
immediately telephoned to the police
telling what she had done. 1 She was
placed under arrest and will be J held
until the. result of Laventhal's wound
is determined.
The woman tells, a simple story.
"The law provides, that ;,a man may
defend - his life," she said, "and a
woman's honor is -more valuable to her
than life. Had I permitted him to en
ter the house it would have damned
me. I would shoot him again under
similar circumstances." : .
WOMAX THE VICTIM .>
OF AUTO HYPNOSIS
11l and Helpless as the
Kesult of Her Mental
&£i State.
CHICAGO, Oct. 19.— The former Sal-,
vatlon Army girl, Inga Hanson, who
was sen,! to Joliet penitentiary for per
jury in connection with a personal In
jury suit against the Chicago City
Railway, will probably be pardoned by
Governor Deneen.
The physicians, deputized by., the
Governor to examine the -woman de
clared to-day that she is the victim of
auto-hypnosis and that as long as she
Is !n her present environments she will
be helpless and that death will e-asue
unless she is released. The physicians
declare that If she were to say to her
self that sh» is well she could rise
from her. bed and walk. Organically
there Is nothing wrong with her, but
functionally she is all disordered.
The physicians did not say that Miss
Hanson was not injured by the street
car accident, which brought about the
suit against the street car company.
Th^v declare, however, that there 1«
strong probability that she was at
first a sufferer from, an Injury- which
caused a temporary illness of the lame
nature as that from which she is now
helpless. The case la referred to as a
rare development of traumatic hys
teria.
LANDS WITHDEAWN
FOE FOEEST EESEEVE
Thousands of Acres in This
State to Be Held by
Government.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
REDDING, Oct. 19.-The Redding land
office to-day, received notification -from
Washington of the making permanent
of Ahp -Mount Shasta Forest Reserve,
comprising about twelve townships In
Shasta, Trinity and Siskiyou counties
and taking in Mount Shasta. Thou
sands of acres of land along the Sac
ramento, Pit, Scott. Klamath and
Salmon rivers arc withdrawn from en
try and settlement. The lands in the
permanent j reserve comprise about
three^fourths of those named in the
temporary. The tracts not withdrawn
permanently vill be advertised and
opened to settlers. ,> <- ; r ; !
SALINAS. Oct. 19.— United States
Land Commissioner George A. Daugh
crty for Monterey^ County /this after
noon announces that; 340.000 acres of
land, had been; withdrawn from public
entry pending the declaration of a for
est reserve. <
Bilker MyKlerlounly Dlsapprora.
SAN JOSE, Oct.: 19.— Edward 1 Simmons,, a
baker residing ' at BS7 • North , San Pedro ' street,
has dißappeared -' and his family fear that ; h«
baa committed \u25a0" suicide.' He - had been ' In "t" t Ul
health for. torn* ; tltn«' and ' despondent. .list
Tuesday. while the family was ' at dlnner'Slmi-.
mons " >xcub«l ' himself,- sayings that he was
tainw «><\u2666 ••»»» »••« not been seen «lnn» '»-•-
SAN FRANCISCO,: FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20/1905.
WAR BEGUN
ON TRUSTS
IN HAWAII
Action Taken Upon
Government's
Orders.
Lumber Combine First
to Be Attacked in
the Islands.
Business in Territory Said to
Be Largely in Restraint
of Trade. '
HONOLULU. Oct. 19. — Acting under
instructions of the United States Attor
ney General, District Attorney Breck
ons has instituted the first of a number
of injunction suits for the purpose of
breaking up the local trusts. A suit
was filed to-day against the firms of
Allen & Robinson, Lewers & Cooke and
Wilder & Co. It asks that the Federal
Court issue a permanent injunction re
straining the above named firms from
carrying out an alleged agreement by
which they plan to control the entire
lumber business of the islands.
In the petition it is alleged that the
three, firms control 90 per cent of the
Jumber business here and have com
bined, in violation of an act of Con
gress, In. the unlawful restraint .of
trade. . '•..-.. \u25a0• ;
It is further alleged that the'price of
lumber here," as a result of the combi
nation, is 176 per cent in advance of
that oir the mainland. Practically all
of tht»; lumber used here is imported.
jUnited States Districts Judge Dole
•jgned'ari'' order to sjiowj cause, why: the
injunction", should not be issued. -The
hearing was set for December 4.
. It. is reported that District Attorney
Breck'ons is about to file a similar suit
against, the cattle and meat dealers, of
whom there are about seventy. It 'is'
claimed, that practically all the cattle
ranchers of the islands. have combined
to control retail prices, agreeing not to
compete and- to sell only in a single
market in Honolulu.'
It is. further stated that several com
binations in other lines of business will
beproceeded against. in a similar man
ner. It isclaimed that a large propor
tion of the business here is transacted
under trust agreements. , %
MAN WITH OSSIFIED
SNBOK NOT TO HAiXG
Sentenced Instead to Life
imprisonnient for
Murder.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO,. Oct. 19. — Robert Gardner,
the "man with the ossified neck," who
asserted that hanging would not kill
him, was sentenced to-day to life im
prisonment for murder. In - Judge
Tuley's court he pleaded guilty of the
murder of Agnes Morrison last June.
The Judge Immediately passed sentence.
Gardner is a. sufferer from solidifica
tion of the bones and tissues of the
neck, a malady technically known as
ostia \u25a0 spondilitls. His neck is elon
gated and as hard to the touch as stone.
His attorney, William Buckner, de
clared that hanging would not kill him,
for, he said, the drop through the trap
door would not break his neck and the
constriction of the hangman's noose
would not strangle him.
Attorney Buckner's announcement of
this startling fact in court probably
saved the man from the gallows
PBESBYTEEIAN SYNOD
HOLDS ITS ELECTION
Eev. Frank Brush of Ala
meda Is Chosen to Serve
as Moderator. V
REDLANDS, Oct. 19.— The Presby
terian Synod of California to-day elect
ed Rev. Frank Brush of Alameda mod
erator and Rev.' William Moore of Santa
Barbara vice moderator. An address
was made by Moses Bercovitzon the
subject of missionary work' among the
Jews. ; Beroovitz is the only Jewish
missionary in America supported by
evangelical churches. The address of
R«;v. Mr. Williams of Santa Paula on
education showed a decline in contri
butions for. educational work in the
church. ' . / V-. ':'-\i
This evening there was a popular
meetlng-on home missions and an ad
dress by Rev. Mr. White of Fall River,
Mass. . , \u25a0 •
TAKES STEYCHNINE
TO END HIS LIFE
Yoiiiiir Man Becomes Sudden
1 and Coninii ts
'\u25a0-"-. 0111d11C... \u25a0'
; NEWMAN. 'Oct. 19.^-Thomas ; Wilde.
who ;was about : to ; start ; f rom >- here for
liis.parents'Chome^in'ChicagOrSuddenly
became i mentally^ deranged :Tuesday/af
ternoon and \u25a0 ended , his; life by, mea,ns of
strychnine -. poisoning. f'SVtTourigr *'i Wilde
has /been working on the Howard ranch
near^this r city^and'was;a-quiet.;steady,
and- reliable' hand.':] It; Ist said: that'; his
father]; had "Intended "• giving <; him { 510,-^
000 * onM his ;,-.twenty-flrst , r birthday ' to*
start him 1 in business! : "
MILK DEALERS ARE BROUGHT
BEFORE THE BAR OF JUSTICE.
THREE FINED FOR USE OF ADULTERANTS
Three milk dealers whose cases
had been in abeyance were fined
$25 each by Police Judge Caban
iss yesterday for using preservatives
in the milk sold by them. The
case of George C. Smart, charged
with using formaldehyde in milk
sold to Eugene Lent, was" put on
trial. Dr.' Hoffman told of the
sufferings of the Lent babies, who
drank the milk. Chemist Price
said it contained enough formalde
hyde to be dangerous.
Smart's Case Goes
On Before Judge
Cabaniss.
\u25a0 ;;, \u25a0 \u25a0 r
Doctor Tells \ How
the Lent Children
Suffered;
Chemist Says For
maldehyde-Was
Pronounced.
Coal tar' dyes, formaldehyde and for
malin, poisonous compounds and drugs.
«o deleterious to human health . that
they are'graded as deadly poisons when
used 'in sufficient quantities, v are some
of the ingredients that dairymen(o|f this;
city -utilize* to^sophisticate and adulfeT-T
ate the "product ot their; cows^' before
the fluid reaches the consumer.
Such was the disclosure made yes
terday In Police Judge Cabaniss' cd|irt,
where a number of dairymen were at
the bar on charges. of selling tainted
milk. The accusations made by Eugene
Lent, an attorney, residing at 1050
Eddy street, -against George C. Smart,
proprietor of the New York Dairy, who,
the attorney charged, had sold impure
milk that Had caused the serious Ill
ness of little Frances and Ruth Lent,
his daughters, tended :to quicken- the
course of justice in the court. Cases of,
other milk dealers, that had been hang-
Ing fire since last summer, • were dug
out of the calendar and forced to trial.
The result was that three men were
convicted ' and fined for pedd-ling the
stuff, while rapid progress was made
with the trial of Smart.
The trio who were found guilty of
"doping" their wares were John Buhle,
Henrie Cassies and Pierre Labouchere.
It was shown by testimony from Milk
Inspectors John Brodt and W. Lyden
that -Buhle arid. Cassies had been deal
ing out cream that was adulterated
with coal tar dyes, used to enrich the
color of the fluid and to give It a higher
commcrcialjvalue. Labouchere had con
tented himself. with tainting his dairy
product with formalin, which Is a com
mercial preparation of formaldehyde.
It is a statutory offense to use any. of
these drugs in, milk intended for, hu
man consumption. Judge Cabaniss fined
each 'man $25.
That is another result of Attorney
Lent's battle to, purify the milk,, to pro
tect his babies and. to compel the at
tention of the authorities of San Fran
cisco to the sophistication that is being
practiced upon a food which enters: so
largely into the diet of every human
being. Lent's stand In demanding a
prosecution was backed yesterday by
startling testimony ; from Dr.: L. H.
Hoffman, who attended the children,
and • from Arthur F. Price of Thomas
Price & Son, chemists, who analyzed
aibottleful of Smart's milk and found
appreciable evidence of the presence
of formaldehyde.
The prosecuting parent lined up forces
for a vigorous contest in court. He ap
peared not only as, complaining witness,
but as attorney, flanking Attorney Will-:
lam P. Humphrey and Assistant District
Attorney James M. Hanley. . Smart > was
represented by Attorney E. D. -Knight.
Alexander G. McAdle, head; of the. United
States Weather Bureau in this 1 city,"
opened the prosecution, testifying ; that
October , 9, ; 10 and • 11, days . on which the
alleged impure milk was delivered, were
warm ones, the warmest of the year, with
the exception, of two in JulyJand one in
September.' Judge. Cabaniss could not' see
the point of * the , testimony," and Attorney
Humphrey explained:
"One of the elements of proof : in - this
case is that formaldehyde .i s: a" preserva
tive. We desire to show the state of the
weather in that connection,; as milk sours
rapidly in .warm temperature." '.-./..
Then McAdie completed ;hls record of
High and low" ranges during the period
under, inquiry.*"
FIXDS POISON, VS MILK.
Dr.: L.: H.- Hoffman, the physician Vwho
attended i the , Lent ,: children, >. related the
circumstances r of : ; their; illness.: .;
"I was called October 11 and found both
of the J children \u25a0\u25a0 very \u25a0'; ill ; from ' gastritis."
he •': said.-- "The". trouble "was •\u25a0'"." In :". their
stomachs. I investigated^ their ;~dietv for
three 1 or, four ; days r and *; settled ;on j the
milk as a probable cause. ; Upon examiha'
tion of the milk the report, showed it con
tained formalin, v >,-;..';, \u25a0 ; :
\u25a0 "The younger child suffered from severe
pains in the abdomen,, much -.vomiting arid
other/, symptoms indicating r the
of \u25a0 irritants. . -:The/other i child's-; condition
was ' worse^ '_ ',The ;r; r retching '•; was ; incessant
and r very •" hard to; control.; i There?; were
vlolent^palnsUn:theystomaeh..".f- . -, ; \_-.. .'
*£- "Formaldehyde * causes ."symptoms '. of Ir
ritation. It acts as'; an i irritant. '.:-. That \u25a0is
Continued on - Page 2, ' Column 4. - 1
ARMOURS SELL
THEIR WHEAT
AT BIG GAIN
Profits in .December
Delivery Total ;
IpljUUUjUulh
CHICAGO. Oct. 19.— P. A. Valentine,
acting for the Armours, sold the greater
part of his wheat . to-day . through
brokers, following up- his tactics of
yesterday, and, in the language of the
pit,."the lambs have it." The estimated
profits: of the. Armours since the be
ginning of , their operations in Decem
ber wheat approximate $1,000,000. : .'
. While Valentine's brokers and agents
were persistently circulating reports of
damage to the Russian, Indian and
Argentina ; crops, - several big houses
were: distributing wheat in chunks,
small lots and. driblets to shorts and
this reassurerd the public.
At the same- time the firms which
have . been conspicuous in filling, orders
for the Valentine- Armour^ombination
were buying, in order to keep the mar
ket from 4 breaking too • suddenly, -but
their efforts -to sustain prices were
futile, and when the great gong, ln the
dome clanged .'the closing hour prices
were almost 1 'cent lower . than yester
day. < V. \u25a0 - --;>^ ' V j / .-
CUPID IS BLOCKED >
BY A STEEN CLEEK
License-t o Is
Pending 'Investigation
of ;a Name.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 19.— Thomas Wil
liams and Mary -Blttencourt, natives of
sunny Italy, after avforty-mlle*- .drive
from Pescadero, were disappointed last
evening r " at \u25a0 not being ; able : ; to ; •,\u25a0' marry.
The I' groom • for thirty ? years i has r; been
known, as tWiniams, but' said;' his true
name 'was Joe {[ Pimental. \u25a0 A -license
could-not'be'gi;anted*until. it -was -as
certained * under,/, what . name;, he ...had
been : naturalized. '-\u25a0? A dispatch .was : sent
to v San • Mateo ' County, ; where ; he : -• had
been naturalized; '; and < it lwas. not ,un til
morning that'a" reply; came, that 'he was
registered" under ; tne name of ;- v Wll« v
.Hams/:. \u25a0:\u25a0:;\u25a0:.-} ,\u25a0 \u25a0': \u25a0-,'.. . :\u25a0'..-;'•: ..-*
BIUTISHiSaUADRONIMAY BE
; NEEDED IN HOME WATERS
Apprehension . Aroused by. Admiralty*
Act In* Canceling ..Visit to
C, ' - ,. L ;'Jfaple».v \u25a0";• .. . ;i- '
IROME. Oct '.' "l9.—' Apprehensions t regarding
possible international ! complications har*' b»«n
aroused i by ,*\ the > . • receipt > of ?. the t official 4 an
nouncement -from ' th« t ßritish' \u25a0' Admiralty x to
the i effect: that- the i- Brltisb ;.' squadron X whlcn
should • have s visited r Naples % on * November \u25a0 l 6
•will V not v leave I homei i waters •' at * present,- but'
will ; remain nearer the Baltic Sea V*: " -, •
.THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— 'The Crisis."
CALIFORNIA— BurIesque.
CENTRAL. — "Tracked Around th«
World." \
COLUMBIA— "MereIy Mary Ann."
CHLTES— Vaudeville. Matinee.
GRAND— "In Old Kentucky. 1 '
L.TRIC HALL— Harold Bauer.
MAJESTIC— "Janice Meredith."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOU— Grand Opera.
CHINA PLATES
DESTROYED BY
GOVERNMENT
Their Decorations Re
garded as Too
Indelicate.
Special Dispatch to .The Call.
BLOOMINGTONY- 111., Oct. 19.— There
was a -shattering, of. valuable china
plates and cuds \ and saucers in Peoria
County : to-day. 1417 pieces of queens
wafe being: broken- because ;the decora
tions did not \ meet; the approval- of
Uncle Sam. Government arents were
told that specimens of this kind, were
on: the way toona of thelargre dealers
in.aueensware and they made an\ in
spection as soon aa the stock was un
packed.
"W;- R. .Wallace, chief examiner, of
merchandise In . the ; xUnlted States
Custom-house, -was called upon to In
vestigate. He declared ,that-the .,, de»
signs were too indelicate for. disposal
inthis country, "although they were al
lowed in Germany, where they, were
manufactured. He ordered the' entire
stock broken into bits, and his order
was obeyed to-day.
AEMY DESEETIONS
EEACH HIGH TOTAL
Nearly Fifteen Hundred Men
Convicted During the
Year.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 19.— The annual
report of General George B. Davis,
judge advocate general of the army;
shows ,that ot, the .commissioned offi
cers tried during the* last yeai* by. gen
ral ? i court-martial, thirty-fire were
convicted \ and thirteen acquitted.
Three cadets and 4393 enlisted men
were convicted, while 356 men were.ac
quitted. •
The total .number of trials: was
4SOO, an increase, of : 551, cases over last
year.. .This Increase -is mainly due ' to
the faot;thata'large;number of desert
ers have, been' apprehended and brought
to - trial, ; the i number , of convictions for
desertions being- 1476 'this year, an/In
crease 0f;440. This gain is chiefly due
to 'the • increases of : the reward paid 'to
all: civile officers' for" the 'apprehension
of deserters.' Inducing greater vigilance
on their* part.*"" The number of men sen
tenced to J dishonorable discharge was
2529. vV-' G ';-*'\u25a0 '-, • --' ; ' ' "\u25a0
: Llnevttch Raxing J. Hl» •Barricade*"^ •
-- ST:' C PETERSBURG. ;Oct. . 19.— According to
advice*' from ! Manchuria"; General . Unevltcb.-; en
receipt 'of the of I tl»e \ ratifications
of »the J peace :• treaty," ordered * the j destruction
of the barricades.: entrenchments and other Im
pediments i of with -the neutral
— «•• ' .' ' \'' V ''^^^BSBBBHHBB
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DEAI^ER ACCXSED OP SHXLDTO
DOCTORED MIIJC ANX> Hl9 AC
CUSER IN COURT.
AUTOMOBILIST
ON TRIAL FOR
MANSLAUGHTER
Prisoner a Grandson of
the Late W. H.
Vanderbilt.
Special Dlapateh to Th» CmSL 9&
PARIS, Oct. ,1». — Elliot Fitch Sis?
par d. son of the lit a Colon si Elliot ' 7.
Sheppard. end grandson of ta« lat* "W.
H. . Vanderbilt, was arraigned to-day on
a charg* of manslaughter.** On Au«mt
23 while he- was autoxnobUlnff In com
pany with Tom Thorn*, a raeahors*
owner, and a ohaaff «ur, . the car, which
Sheppard was driving, struck and
killed a. girl.
. The prisoner appeared .In . court
dressed In black. The court was
crowded with French and American
sportsman.
Ex-Minlstar Polncarre conducted th«
prosecution. He made a scathing at-.
tack " on the prisoner, which aroused
some' of the audience to such an extent
that the court ; threatened to clear tha
room.
AGAIN CONVICTED
IN TUEKISH COUET
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. M.-rGhlrkia
Vartanian, who claims to be a naturalized
American citizen, was again to-uay sen
tenced to death by the Criminal Court at
Stamboul for the murder of a prominent
Armenian merchant. Aplk Undjlan. In the-
Calata. quarter of Constantinople on
August \u25a0 i jM!!!l/lwiiWWW
Alfarian.: another Armenian, who also
claims American citizenship and who ia
charged with participation in the plot
to assassinate the Sultan on July 21.
when a bomb was exploded as the Sultan
was leaving the, mosque. ' killing about
forty persons, was sentenced to fifteen
years' imprisonment-^
Vartarian and Alfarian were sentenced
to death '- for the crime*. charged against
them, •; but * owing \u25a0 to ,, the •» intervention of
Mr. Lelshmann; the 'American Minister,
the"; sentences were quashed and new
trials h ordered.2
STATES JAPAN'S
FUTURE POLICY
litinister Takahira Says His
:Xation Welcomes Ameri
can Presence in Philippines
FIKX FOR OPEX DOOE
Eights of All Countries Will
Be Respected in Sphere
of the Mikado's Influence
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19. — Declaring
that Japan welcomes the presence of
the United States in the Philippines,
Mr. Takahira, the Japanese Minister,
to-night gave a statement to the Wash
ington Post, replying to Its inquiry, in
which he says that Japan feels "great
repose about the Philippines, because
they are occupied by the United States
with the firm hold of its authority over
the archipelago, not to speak of the
many object lessons being given there
by the new owners by introducing mod
ern improvements in various ways."
Regarding Japan's future, Mr. Taka
hlra said:
I presume it wou'.d fee better for you to
wait a littl* «h!le before you will be able
to »cc what Japan will do actually. I nrmly
baheve that there srOI b? no departure ma<J«
hereafter from the .in c or policy h.therto pur
sued by th* J&pa: es« Gcvetnirunt. The opea
fljor policy proposed by the l'n.t?d 6Ute« and
readily Joined in by Japan in July. 1000. will
be scrupulously observed throughout thi fu
ture and the le£:t:mat<> rights and interests
•f all nations will be duly respected wh««vor
our Influence would cxtecA.
Regarding Japar/s ability to meet her
Indebtedness. Mr. Takahtra said:
No doubt the harden is very heavy, but if
we coa^.fier the fact that the extraordinary
rpeMa. tax alone was raised slnee the war
to the amount of 5-75.000.000 per annum With
out hampwins t!:<? growth of commerce ajid
industry, 1 fetl ture there is no cause fot
Ver-.- l:r, *ns and mor.ovtr a satisfactory s.eu li
th« continued development of both internal and
external trade.
FORESTERS END
THEIR SESSION
High Court Decides to Move
Business Headquarters of
Order to San Francisco
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 19.— The High
Court of the Independent Order of For
esters, in session at the State Capitol for
tbe past three days, completed its bus
iness late this afternoon and adjourned
to mwt in San Francisco next year. The
sessions to-day were executive and sev- |
eral important matters of legislation
were acted upon. The report of the com
mittee on the state of the organization
announcing the appointment of D. J.
Davis of Sacramento as second Supreme
Ccurt deputy was unanimously ap
proved.
An important item in the way of legis
lation was that transferring the business
headquarters of the order from Los An
£6les to San Francisco.
The High Court voted almost unani
mously against a proposal to dlsincor
pcrate. The advocates of disincorpora
tion had but a scant following.
Another important step takt-n was that
reducing the age entrance into the order
from U tt> 16 years.
The members of the companion courts
will be enabled henceforth to take out
Insurance rolicles from $250. to $5000, the
minimum being SSOQ heretofore.
The court adopted a resolution mak
ing disability claims payable In five year
ly payments instead of in a lump sum as
heretofore.
A new law wafe passed requiring appli
cants for admission into the order to
subscribe to the constitution before pre
senting themselves for examination at
the hands of the court physicians. Here
tofore the order haa allowed but SO per
cent on suicide claims, but through the
adoption of a resolution to-day claims of
this character will be paid up to sixty
per cent of the amount of the claim, held
by the suicide.
The High Court approved the action of
the Supreme Court in levying a per cap
ita tax of one cent & month on every
member of the order for the support of
the orphans' home at' Toronto, Canada.
WEISIEITS BODY RECOVERED.
SAN RAFAEL. Ort. - I».— The body ot J:hn
Weimer. who waji drowned off a yacht Octo
ber S. was four.d to-day on the beach near
fiburon. Welmer and a party of friends wer*
pulsing around the bay when Weimi-r *!*! p»d
»verboard tnd wan drowned. He was IS years
3f agr and lived with his fatter, John
Welnr.er a cirr*nter. residing at 1700 Fifth
rtr-^t. \\>it OaJclsrfi. -
%xclu s i v t \
55i5lf(Srade Ctoihiers
No Branch Stores and No Areats.
'FASHION REIGNS HERE.";
UNDER NO SINGLE ROOF
DAN SUCH A COLLECTION
OF CLOTHES SCIENCE
BE FGUND, WHICH APPEALS
TO THE SMARTEST DRESSER,
50 DEFINITELY AS HERE.
PRICES!! WELL, YOU CAN' GO
JUST AS FAR AS YOU LIKE.
Tbe increasing demand
for better ready clothes
has caused Invasion
into tailor's realm.
The Intelligent dresser
prefer* this ' progression.
H* saves time and money.
120-152
f&eartt^ iftreet
SOUTH AT FEET
OF PRESIDENT
North Carolinans A .neer bpeecii
Urging Railway Rate
Legislation.
TOUR BECOMES A BIG TRIUMPH
"I do not believe In government ownership of any thine which can with
propriety be left In private hands, and In particular I. should moat strenu
ously object to government, ownership of railroads.-: But I believe with equal
firmness that it is out of the question lorthe Oomnment not to exercise
a supervisory and regulatory right over the railroads, -for it is vital to the
well-being; of the public that they xhouMbemanasrcd In a spirit of fairness
and Justice toward all the public." — From speech of President Roosevelt.
CHARLOTTE. N. C. Oct. 19.-^-The ova- .
tlon which President.. Roosevelt ...received j
during his journey through Virginia yzs- \
terday was continued to-day as ha tray- i
eled through North Carolina. Beginning !
with his arrival sit Raleigh at 9 o'clock i
tnis morning he was greeted by chetrrinj; \u25a0
crowds at Durham, Greensboro,' High .
Point, Lexington, Salisbury and Char- i
lotte, i:he demonstration in this city be- j
ing a fitting . farewell to the citizens ot i
the old Tarneel State. \
The feature of the day was the Presi- |
dent's visit to the fair, which Is in prog- j
ress at Raleigh. Here he delivered an j
address which dealt with the important j
questions of railroad ownership and tn«J •
organisations of capital and labor. His ;
speech was given cose attention and ha |
frequently was interrupted by hearty ap- j
plause. He was accompanied to the fair ;
grounds by Mrs. Hoosevelt. and she, too, i
was the recipient of much attention. Ha (
\u25a0 .-aid in part; I
I aro glad here at the capital . of North i
! Caroliun to have a cnance to s;e^t so ma..iy |
;oi th« sons anA daughters •oi your eruai j
State. I congratulate you upon the areat ,
industrial activity b nown In your lomtiwn- j
wealtn, an industrial activity vwh.ch, to cen- j
tlon but one th.ng. baa placed tnls Stat« i
eecond oniy to one other in tnu number of 1
iU tex-.lle factories. You are show.ni in :
practical taßhlcn your rtal«*tion or tae truth
that th'ire must be a foundation of miter.at .
veilbtirg in order that any community ;n^y .
make nal and rapid prosrresj. j
fctore and mure you are giving care and at- |
teation to education, and education mean* tn» |
promotion not only ot industry, but of tnat
good c.-.uenship whl:h rests Upoa lcd'viuuai .
rights «nd upon the recognition by caen in- !
di\>aual that he has duties as well as right* —
in othtr words, of that cood clt.zen.h.p w.il.n
res,U uicn moral Integrity and inielUctuai \u25a0
tieedom. i
31UST PRESERVE FORESTS. |
Acd cow I want to say a word to you on |
a special subject in whlcn a.l the country .9 !
concerntd, but In which North Cdtrohna hi* ,
a bpecisi concern. Tne pre.ervat.on of thi j
forests is vital to the wei.are of every cou.i- i
try. Ore of the most obv.oug duties wm.h .
our geru ration owes to tiie BcneraiUn* t .at I
are to come after us is to ineier/e the fk
lstlnr fcr«.»^s. The prime dhfir.nce b.tw.ea
clviinea and uncivilised peoples U tna.c »n
civil. red peoples each generation woiks not
omy tor its uwn weilte:ng. but for the we; •
being of the generat.ons yet unborn, and If
we permit the natural rtsouiccs of this land
to be destroyed so that we hand over to our
children a heritage diminished In value w<j
| thereby prove our untitness to stand in tne
! turefiont of civilized peoples.
One of the flrst ol the»e heritages is out
forest wealth. It Is tiie upper altitude* of
the tores .td mountains that are valuable to
the natioa as a who.c. especially because of
their effects on the water supply. Neither
State nor nation can arford to turn thei« 1
mountains over to th« unrestrained gretd or ;
thase who would exploit them at the ex- |
pente of the future. Vv> cannot afford » wait i
longer be.ore assuming control. In the Interest I
of the public, ot tnese forests, for :f we ,
do wait the vested interests c: private parties
in them may become so strjnsly Intrench .-a !
that it rr.ay be a moet serious as well as a |
most expansiv* task to oust them. If tne .
Eastern Statee are wise then from the Bay ,
ot Fundy to the gulf we will see within i
the next few years a policy set on foot
similar to that so fortunate.y carried out .n
tho high Sierras of the West by the national
maintenance of your Southern water '
power Is nil less Important than the preven- |
tion of flovds. tfecauEe If they are injured your ;
manufacturing lnteresU will suffer w.th them, j
Th*> perpctuat I -" of your forests. wh;ch ha\, ,
done bo much for the South should ba one of
the first objects of your public men.
CONTHOIi OF RAILROADS.
The extiaorUlnary development of.ifldustrial
ism dur.nj? the last half century has been due
to several causes, but above all to the revo
lution in the methods of transportation and
communication; that is. to steam and to elec
tricity to the railroad and the telegraph. Save
on the ocean or on lake* so large as to be prac
tically Inland seas, transportation by water
has wholly lost its old position of superiority
over transportation by land, while lnßtead of
tbe old highways open to every ope on the
came terms, but of a very limited usefulness,
we have new highways— railroads— which are
owned by Private corporations, and whlcn are
practically of unlimited, Instead of limited,
Vhe old laws and old customs, which were
Pdeuuate and proper to meet the old condl
tlcr.s need radical adjustment In order to meet
thett new condition*. The cardinal features
in these changed conditions are. rust, the fact
that the n»w highway— the railway— ls. from
the commercial standpoint, of infinitely greater
mportance to our industrial life than was the
old highway— the wagon road: and second,
' that tliie n*w highway— the railway— ls in the
hands of private owners, whereas the old
highway— tbe wagon road— was* in the hands
of tbe State. The management of the new
highway— tha railroad— or ratlwr of the Intri
cate web of rallrcad lines which cover, the
country, is a task infinitely more difficult,
more delicr.te and more important than the/
primitive easy task of acquiring or keepinß in
order the old highway, so that there is proper
ly no ar.alci.y whatever between the two cafes.
I do not believe In fpvernment ownership of j
anything which can with propriety be left In'
private harda. and. In particular. I should
most strenuously object to government owner
ship of the railroads- But I believe v.-lth
equal firmness that H is mit of the question
for the Government not to exercise n super
visory cud regulatory right over the railroads,
for It i» vital to the well being of the public
that they ehouid be managed in a Bplrlt of
felrnes? and justice toward all the public.
Actual experience ha» shown that It Is not
possible to leave, the railroad* uncontrolled. -
Such * eystma. or rather such a lack' of sys
tem. I* fertile in abuses of every kind, and^
puts a premium upon unscrupulous and ruth
less cunning In railroad management, for there
are some big shipper* and some raJJrond man-,
apers who. are always willing to take unfair
advantace of their weaker competitors, and
they thereby force other tig shippers - and big
railroad imn who would like "to do decently
Into similar acts of wrong and Injustice, under
penalty of belns left behind in the race for
succecß.
Government snr>erviilon is needed quite as
much In the Interest of the big shipper and of
the railroad man who want* to- do rieht ai in
•the Interest of the email shipper and the con
rJir.tr. •
OITM.VE OF THE PLAN. \u25a0 •".;
What wn need Is to have some administra
tive body with ample power to forbid combina
tion that i« hurtful to the public, and to
prrvent favoritism to on* individual at the
expense nf another. In other wordft, we waat
an administrative body wttn the power to »e
cure fair an 4 Juiit treatment a* among all
thlppem who u»e the railroads — and all ship
per* have a rleht to use them. We must not
leav* the enforcement of such' a law merely
to the l>»i mt "Kin of Justice: it is out of the
question for tbe law department of the Gov
ernment to do what *houi4 be purely admin
istrative work. The Department of Justice Is
to Ktand behind and f<vop*rat«: with the ad
mlnietratlve body, but th* administrative body
Itself muct be k!v»h tht power to do the work
&nd then h* held t» a «trlet accountability for
the exerclne of th»t pow«r. • The delays of
the law are proverbial. .•\u25a1<! what w« need In
this matter U reasonable rjulekneas of action.
The abuses of which we have a genuine
right to complain take many •hap**. Rebate*
are not now oft»n given openly. Hut they can
be given Juet as effectively tn covert form;
and ortvate can. terminal tracks and the
like rruft be brought under the. control of
the commission or admitit«trativ« - bodjr which
i« to exercise supervision by the Government.
But In my Judgment the jnom Important thing
to do U to give to thU administrative body
power to make Its finding* ' effective, and this
can be done only by glvlnx It power, when
complaint I* made of a given rate aa .being
unjust or unreasonable. If it finds the com
plaint proper,, then Itself to fix a maximum
rate which Jt regards aa just and reasonable.
this rate to go Into effect practically at once,
that Is within a reasonable time, and to stay
tn effect, unless reversed by the - courts. I
earnestly hope that vf shall «c» a taw giving
thii power paxsed by Congress,
Moreover, I hope that by law power will be
OQBfcmd upon representative* of the Govern-
\u25a0\u25a0 THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, "FRIDAY, OCTOBER 1 20,. 1905.
ment capable of performing the .duty of pub
lic accountants careiully to examine Into the
b©oks-4)i~- railroad^- when to . entered by the
Interstate Commerce Commission, which. should
itself have power „ to. prescribe what booka,
sum wuat books only, suouiJ be kept by rail
roads. If there Is in tne minds ol the Goul
luipMon any suspicion that, a certain railroad
is in any. shape or way giving rebates or dj
ha vint improperly, 1 . wish the Commission to
have pow^rt'as a matter or right, not aj a
matter of favor, to make a full and exhaustive
investigation. -of the receipts and -expenditures
ot the railroads' so that any violation or eva
sion of .the law may bo detected.
This is not a revolutionary proposal on my
part, for 1 only wish tne bame power given
In reference to railroads that U now exercised
as a matter of course by lha national bank
examiners as regards national -banks. I hope
to ccc all the puwtr that I mm* it ought to
have fcrcinted to the Government; /but I would
lar rather see only some of it \u25a0 granted, but
really granted, than see a pretense of grant
ing all. in some shape that reaily 'amounts
to no in ins.
SPEAKS TO STUDENTS.*
A visit to the Senaiu cnauioer was made
for the purpose of having the President,
on behalf ot the North Carolina Literary
and Historical Society, present a hand
some $500 gold loving cup* studded with
North Carolina gems, tv John (J. Mc-
NeiU of Charlotte as a reward for hav
ing produced the best piece of literature
in the Stat« during the year. This cup is
given by Mrs. Lindsay Patterson of \\ in
ston. ' •
Particularly pleased was Mr. Roosevelt,
when, on . the handsome lawn of Dr. C.
W. Burkett of the State Agricultural and
Mechanical Collage, he saw a big picture
of himself thus inscribed :\u25a0 "Welcome to
our President, who dares to do right, wlro
dares to be_ true, who dares to do that
which no other can do."
At 'Durham, where a stop of ten min
utes was made, the President devoted his
remarks to the students of Trinity Col
lepe, who were gathered in force to meet
him. A flat car had been converted into
v gayly decorated atand, and from this
the President spoke. He was accompa
nied to the stand by Lieutenant Governor
Winston, who otticiated at Raleigh, owm^,"
to the absence of Governor Gienn, eau-sed
by the death of his brother. Both United
States Senators Simmons and Overman
also accompanied 1 the President. Both
Senators are graduates of this college.
In tho course of his remarks to the stu
dents the President said:
Th»re must be no coercion of opinion if col
leg.ate training- is to bring forth full Iruit.
You m*n of thi6 college, you men turoughout
the South who have nad collegiate tramltix.
you men throughout the Union who have had
coileglaie training, bear a peculiar burden of
responsibility. 1 want you to have a good
time, and I believe you do. I believe in play
with ail my htart. l J lay when you play, but
work when you work, and remember tnat your
having gone through, college. does not so uiu^h
confer a special privilege as It Imposes a
special , obligation on you. \u25a0
- We have a right to expect a epeclal quality
of leadtrship from the men to whom inucn
has been given in the way of collegiate edu
cation. I'ou are not tntitled to any special
privileges, but you are entitled to be htld to
a peculiar accountab.liiy; you have earned the
right to be held responsible for what you uo.
Each one of you. if he is worth his salt, wish.s
when he graduates to pay some portion of me
debt due to his aima mater. You have received
from her during your yearß of attendance Iq
her halls certain privilege in the way ot
scholarship. In the way of companionship,
which makes It Incumbent upon you to lepay
what you have been given.
You cannot repay that, to the colleges sa%-e
In one way. By the quality of your citizen
ship as displayed in the actual affaire of lue
you c«n make it an honor to the college tor
having sen., you forth into the worla. That
is the oniy way In which you can repay to tue
coliege what tne college has done lor you. I
earnestly hope that you and tnose line you
in all the colleges of this- lanu will make it
evident to the generation that Is rising that
you are tit to take the leadership; that the
training has not been wasted, that you are
rtad>' to render to the state the Rind of service
which is invaluable because it' cannot be
bougnt. because there ls.no price that can be
put upon it. ;
We have the right, to expect from college
nun not merely their disinterested service, but I
also intelligent service, 'i'uu people who aid
seli-government always- have to warn not oiuy
against tne knavisn man who ueiiberately uoei
v» nat he knows to bo wrong, but auo ugiii.st .
the loonsh man whu may mean very wui, but
in actual fact turns out tne ai.y of the otner
man who does not mean well; anj we must
aepend upau you m.ii who have been giv^n
special facilities In education to guide our
people aright so that iht.v snail neither tali
into the pit of tolly nor into the pit of knaveiy.
MEETS MitS. JACKSON.
A bit of sentiment was responsible
for a short stop at Lexington, where
the jfresioent was giceteu Uy aevei'al
nunciicii people, to whom he spoite
oneiiy. Lex wife tort ris the county scut
of Davidson County, the only county in
North Carolina taut gave Presiuent
Roosevelt a majority 'at the last na
tional election, 'lhe Presiaent was re
quested to stop for a few moments to
vxtend greetings to the people and re
ceive greetings from the 800 orphan
children cared for in an asylum there.
The little ones made, a pretty- sight,
waving tiny American flags as the train
came toa stop?
The President's train arrived at Char
lotte,' over^the Southern Railway, at
7:10 o'clock on schedule time, and dur
ing the thirty minutes of hia atny here
this evening he had from 25,000 peo
ple a reception of the most enthusiastic
character. Throughout a brilliantly
lighted street he was rapidly conveyed
in a motor teart car for four blocks to Vance
Park, where he spoke for rlfteen min
utes, although he had intended to speak
but, ten. .
The crowd was so .r. great - that fully
10,000 were denied the privilege .of
hearing him. The President; created
the wildest enthusiasm by referring to
the Mecklenburg declaration of inde
pendence and Mrs. S. C. Jackson, widow
of General Stonewall; Jackson, and
Lieutenant William E. Shipp, *a' monu
ment; of whom he passed en route to
the park.
The feature of his visit was his
meeting with th« widow of the great
Confederate leader. Mrs. Jackson lives
within n stone's throw of the, station
and when the train, pulled In » she was
present as the head of , a" committee' of
ladies appointed by Mayor McNlnchJ^o
receive Mrs. Roosevelt. >y~s ,
"When ; the President* was introduced
he took her hand and held it for fully
five minutes. '.^^^^^^^lSSl^^^m
• "Mrs. Jackson, you don't know, how
glad I am . to meet you." You .'are the'
widow of Stonewall Jackson?, Why. lt's
worth the whole trlp'down here to have
a- chance .to shake your hand." ; .
:He referred to ' her grandson.v Jac
kson; Christian, whoni he, appointed to a
cadptshlp.at Wf-st [iPolnt. "He -is a
mlgrhty fine' fighter, JMrs.;,' Jackson: a
mighty, fellow, by Jove," he said. >• The
citizens', committee : stood "in r.waitlnsr
while , he escorted Mrs.'r Jackson to Mrs;
Roosevelt; and Introduced her. Jv. *: -. :
.' While the : President \ was speakfrig' In
the park Mrs.'- Jackson entertained Mrs..
Roosevelt at her home, and a \u25a0\u25a0 hundred
MILK DEALERS
BROLCHTTO THE
BAR OF JUSTICE
Continued From Pace 1, Column 4.
manifested by such symptoms as I found
in the children." •
"Is formaldehyde ' the only substance
used In food products that would produce
such symptoms?'^ asked Attorney Knight
on cross-examination.
"No, sir," replied the physician.
"Do you know what quantity is neces
gary to produce such symptoms?"
"That would depend upon the suscepti
bility of the patient,!'.' was* the answer.
"Have you any. knowledge as to the
quantity used in food products?" ,
."It is not lobe used in food products.,"
declared Dr. Hoffman, and he sub
sequently explained this to mean, in a
medical s^nse. He was not informed
concerning commercial use§ of the drug.
"What is : formaldehyde used for by
medical men?", miened the attorney.
"As a disinfectant, as a germicide^ and
to prt-serve anatomical specimens," re
sponded Dr. Hoffman. He added:
"It is used to arrest decomposition.
Taken in sufficient quantity it would pro
duce death in a human being. It would
act as a poison. Formaldehyde might act
on the tissues so as to cause a permanent
stomach and Intestinal disorder."
Eugene Lent related how he had
trouble a year and a half ago with
Smart's milk, how the dairyman had
called on him and explained tnat he
had bought some milk outside of his
own dairy and.it was this that caused
the dilhculty. Lent Identified a Dottle
of milk in which was blown the
words, "New York Dairy, George C.
Smart, proprietor," as one he had re
ceived from his domestic, and had
taken to Tnomas Price & Son for
analysis after his children had been
stricken. • - '
"How long have you been taking
milk from Smar.t?" asked Attorney
Knight.
"About live or six years." said Lent.
"We object to this," interjected
Humphrey.
. "Well, there's a nigger in the fence,
here somewhere and we believe It's in
Lent's hoii3e," declared Knight.
The attorneys wrangled over the in
sinuation until Knight withdrew ithu
comment.
Miss Jennie Scullin. a trim young
woman, resplendent in a lace bonnet,
Identified the milk bottle and ,Fred
I'msen, a driver for Smart, admitted* he
served the Lents.
Then came Arthur F. Price, the
chemist, who, with a coldly profession
al touch, narrated his labora-torical ex
periences with the milk, saying:
CHEaiiST I'UICE MAKES TEST.
"I made a chemical analysis of the
milk, looking specially for preserva
tives. I found formaldehyde present.
That the analysis might be certain I
made three tests. Each one was a con
firmatory one for formaldehyde.
"This drug," continued Price in reply
to Humphrey's questions, "is used as a
preservative. It. would for a time pre
vent fermentation. In many samples
of milk I have tested the fluid sours
in,a few days. I have never been able
.to detect the odor of formaldehyde in
milk. It shows neither odor,'color, nor
taste in the fluid. The test in this case
was entirely qualitative, no attempt be
ing made to determine the' quantity.
Formalin Is the commercial form of
formaldehyde* being af4o? percent so
lution of the drug." t, '
On cross-examination [ Price denied
he had,said there was only a trace of
formaldehyde found in the milk. He
declared that the chemical reaction
was very distinct.
"There was more than a trace." ex
plained the chemist. "If only a trace
had been found I should have given
the milk the benefit of the doubt."
"Li's a good cow that gives 'milk'
these days," commented Judge Caban
iss in a stage whisper.
For the defense James Graham, a
driver for Smart, explained the rou
tine of handling the milk at the dairy.
George T.-Smart, son of the defendant
and foreman of the dairy, denied that
he had ever used any formalin or for
maldehyde at the dairy. He said he
did not think .the milk required such
treatment, owing to", its freshness
when delivered to customers.
DENIES USING DRUGS.
"Nothing of the kind was ever used at
my dairy," vehemently announced George
I C. Smart, the defendant, in reply to his
[attorney's question" about the drugs. "1
wouldn't know what the stuff was if 1
saw it. The milk is drawn from-the re
ceiving tanks, pure and unadulterated, is
put in the bottles that way, and so far
as I know is delivered that way. The
only persons in ray employ who could
fool with tho milk are the drivers, and I
do not believe they would do that. 1
have been in the dairy business for forty
years. Samples of my milk have been
frequently taken by the Board of
Health." -
Objection brought forth a statement,
frcm Attorney Humphrey that he would
show Smart had been fined for selling
impure milk. .. !
"You can't prove anything of the kind,"
declared Smart, hotly. And there the
j
.!._ _ _ : ! : —+ \u25a0
Charlotte womon assisted. After Mrs.
-Roosnvelt had leturncd to the car she
sent a handsome .bouquet of American
Beauty roses and a note to Mrs. Jack
son.
As the President departed h« said:
"And now, in saying good-by, I want
to say to you men and women, that I
have been immensely/impressed at
North Carolina —with her jj agriculture,
with her Industries, but that the crop
that I lik<i best is the crop,of children;"
Here the President held up a little girl
in Ills arms, saying: "Here Is the best
product."
Just before the train left here
marked: "By George, gentlemen, I hayo
had a good time!" -
To-morrow the President will pay a
visit to Rosw«ll, the home of his
mother. From there:he will go to At
lanta, where most of the day will be
spent. Mrs. Roosevelt will leave him
when the capital of Goergia is reached
and return to Washington. .'
OVATIONS ALONG ROAD.
Crowd* Greet the President at Xorth
Carolina Stations.
: •\u25a0' ; MOUNT . ZION. •N, C. . Oct. 19.— President
Roosevelt's special, train, passed through here
at 10:2!) o'clock this evening, exactly on sched
ule time. The j train wa» late In leaving Char
lotte, on account of ; the • President's- speaking
longer there than he had planned and when it
pulled ! through C lxawell." fa small 'station near
Charlotte.: It was eight , minutes .behind;, time;
All ; of tnU ; was ? made ; up easily \u25a0 In- the fltty
slx-mlle run from Lowell to Mount Zibn. . \u25a0 ;.,
.'Although some stops Incident to the handling
of . the . train will :; occur, T there ; are no stops
scheduled • until Hoswell, \u25a0\u25a0. Ga., ?Is reached :at ? 7
o'clock to-morrow morning. \u25a0 -.',-, .\u25a0 ,
.:. OREENSBORO, N. * C..\ Oct.' ' 19.— Lusty
cheera ; of . welcome ' from •' the ; throats : of , thou
sands 'at men; - women * and , children ' greeted
President r Roosevelt ; as »he stepped .to i the ob
servation platform of his car when \u25a0. the special
train bearing him and his party stopped at the
Southern' Railway passenger, bintion |In I Greens
boro at 4 o'clock this afternoon. -The, President
responded Iby I smiling,"! bowing [ and ,\rtaytng : his
hands. He addreFsed : the gathering in' a, short
speech.'' . \u25a0 ;'•. ' ;.\u25a0\u25a0-„ . .' \u25a0; . \u25a0 ; - : " • • : \u25a0 ;•.\u25a0;\u25a0; . . ; .;..\u25a0.
\u25a0 : Vv'henlthe.' President' concluded, some strong
man in the crowd yelled loudly:^ ,'!Threecheer»
for our President," j and ; they \u25a0 were ; given him
with a- hearty .will, and » vim.' r The i President
smiled.; waved: his, adieu : to the crowd. and ; the
train % uulled out of \u25a0 the • station on Its ; way
Mill to MariOntiitters— Selling Everything to Wear for Man, Boy or Child— Except Shoes
For this week only- Fancy Shirt, Two
|^ Collars, Necktie, Suspenders, Socks,
V-^ f •-* Handkerchief and Garters
'^A^. : iilliiip|^l§iii!
\u25a0 iw-iiSilll^^^H^ We want to outfit every man this week. We
/W j P!U IWM^^^ - want to know you and get you acquainted with
" the splendici clothing values in this big store, and
miiliyilH' we have made. you: an offer. here that you cannot
p^^i |^^^^^- affordto overlook. .All goods marked in plain tigures.
•\u25a0" '\u25a0''W'llii^^i^.^H^wF--'-- Many dealers ask for this outfit $35.
•\u25a0 fflHH^iiijiW outfit,:
I '1^^»^5uit.:0fvcirthc5...... ............ .$19.00
. #»^^^^S ; A Stetson .Hat :,;... .....,....—\u25a0 4.00
• A Suit of Good un' lervvear 2 - 00
m- -fm*m : A Silk Necktie 50
'\u25a0\u25a0*tm iWi^K -S 5 A Pair of Good Suspenders .50
\u25a0'mmW^-mBK' § * A Pair of Good Tancy Socks .25
\u25a0pi KS | a White Linen Handkerchief .25
"^^\u25a0p^ mlm 1^ A Pair Elastic Garters....... .25
i^B I Two Linen Collars 25
|||i ) \u25a0 f^m Our Regular Selling Price ..$28.50
ljl| jjl Until 10 p.m. Saturday Might $25.65
Jrlsi' EM3516-SIBMARKETSImS^ot
case rested, pending further j hearing this
morning. Large interest was taken In
the trial by dairymen, a number of whom
were in the lobby.
There is pending In the Superior Court
a suit brought by John Kelly, a milkman,
against the Bay Counties Commercial
Company, otherwise known as the "milk
trust," In which Kelly charges the death
of one of his patron's children to impure
milk furnished by. the "trust." Kelly
sued for $50,000 damages, setting forth
that his business had been Irreparably in
jured and that he had been compelled to
abandon it because of the occurrence. He
alleges the. milk was unfit tor use and
caused sickness and dissatisfaction.
" ; Kelly likewise complains that the com
pany violated a contract to supply him
with a specific quantity of milk, and that
he has been unable to get milk from any
other source." 7 * ' -
PRESERVATIVE IS INJURIOUS.'? \u2666
Chcmint Sny« Compound .Sold by East
ern Firm I* Snlicyllc Acid.
City Chemist Gibbs filed yesterday
with the Health Board a report on a
dangerous preservative sold in this
market to householders by solicitors
under the name of "Compound Extract
of "Salyx" for the preservation of
fruit, vegetables, milk, cream, cider,
etc.. by the "California cold process,"
according to Hood's formula. The com
pany exploiting the article is the Cali
fornia Fruit and Chemical Company,
3453 Laclcde , avenue. St. lvouis, Mo.
Gibbs says in his report:
This substance on analysts Is found to b»
salicylic acid and Is so!d by the compa j>
named lit from $4 50 to f'J P r pound. Quo
tations of salicylic acid on thj local, marktt
are all below EO cent* per pound. The re
ceipts arc sold at ?1 each. •
Leaving out of cons'dtratlon the pxtorttonat*
prices charged for salicylic add by thU com
pany creat Injury will resu't In the selMnß
of this chemical antiseptic substance by goMd-
SIDEBOARD - Solid . " MORRIS CHAIR-
oak, golden . .finish- IP • Quartered oak, goiden
Top finished with FIVE -PIECE PARLOR SUIT _ Mahogany finished n t ish j bea «<ifully
.bevel plate mirror.; frame; best steel spring; upholstered in figured ye- ' naked; adjustable
Weir made and highly lours. This is a. very graceful design and is an ex- back; reversible velouf
polished. "' CJ 1 % C ceptional opportunity to be found only at the "Store cv s h ions. CQ Zn
Price ;../ 3**«O^ %O1?% O1 ? she5 he Square - P"ce. for five pieces. . J26 50 Price ••*• -$O»OD
rARP?T^.— • -Exclusive Drslens In All the Well nttpc . «
'K*T\K>lr&lO % Kmmn Weaves at Lovrent Prlce» — KVJVJO
LINEV W.\m» MATTIJfG-Strong:, fre^h fiber, " not * SBx72-I.VCH AXMIXSTER RUG — In Oriental. Floral
'brittle with age, colorings are fast and |J\ / _ .;\u25a0 and Persian designs. A closely woven, deep pile'
: : clear. Our owir importation. Per yard... a * /2^ - Rug; very artistic In effect. Each C"> :TC: TC
WINTON "\u25a0 BRUSSELS — A good quality of Brussels <$6.lZ>
;: Carpet, in effective patterns, both Oriental and Flo- Vv' _-,_jj, , nm -~. y „" .„ . -
ral. suitable f6r .-my room in the house; with 4C<i««> ox9-FOOT ART SQIiARE — All wool; heavy ltT ;
or without border. ; Per yard ................ v 5 7C grade; effective colorings. Each *O.IJ
AXMINSTER CARI'ICT — Fine, deep pjle, closely woven; TAPESTKY RUG — 9x10:6: large enough for the' aver-
, in very; off ec«ivo patterns;; suitable. for parlor, din- age room; in Floral gnd Oriental designs- la an ex-
, : ins room or living room; with or without oyi/ _ cellent.»crad.i ami will give years of vCl'l 9C '»
\u25a0 ; < fr<i';r«,r<»" yard -'................;..:... VV 5 -* 1 /^^ • : "\u25a0^'•'ftK-v |«»rvl!r#.> "F!:»ch \u0084 ~. •& * *•* J
tors to Innocent housekeepers who put up their
fruit and vegetables for home consumption.
The amount to be used, according to the re
ceipt will Introduce salicylic acid in large
qucntltles into the system. When we consider
that the fruit and vesetablea are used la
quantity by children some Idea of the hirm
done by thU company la apparent- Mjrsov^r.
the nama of the company trades upon :n«
reputation of California products and U 'isel
In a deceitful manner, implying that California
fruit Is preserved by the "cold process.
The Health Board decided to pro
hibit the sale of the compound under
pain of arrest.
Health Officer Kagaji submitted a re
port showing that since January 1.
1905, there have been 149 arrests for
the selling of impure milk and fines
have been imposed by Police Judges
amounting to $760.
Dr. yi: A. Harvey, who investigated
the charges made by Lena Grimm
against Nurse C. J. Peterson, recom
mended the latter's dismissal, -which
was so ordered.. «
' Health Officer Ragan was directed to
investigate the complaint of a nuisance
existing at the Central stables, 247S
Mission street.
The board confirmed the appointment
of Dr. C. F. Millar as chief emergency
surgeon and appointed W. J. Stone
steward of the Emergency Hospital.
Tta« Atchlsun. Tot>*ka and Santa Fe Rail
way famous California limited train, three
days to Chicago. leaves Monday* and Thurs
days. This train carries the latest styl» of
Pullman cars, observation car, library and
eplendld dlnlne car service. Train Is electric
lighted throushout. For further Information
apply to F. W. Prince, city ticket agent. 633
Market street. San Francisco. Cal. .-V
War l»rlsioncr» Released.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 19. — The non-Jap
anese prisoners at Medvld. including: three
Americans, a Norwwclan and two British sub
jects raptured on beard Japanese ships, have
arrived her» " and will be repatriated at the
expense of the Japanese.
LITTLE GIRL
A MURDERESS
Young Jasper Jennings Con
fesses That Sister Shot
and Killed Their Father
GRANTS PASS. Ore., Oct. 19.— Jasper
Jennings, the boy who has been confined
in Josephine County jail for the. past
month to await trial for the murder ot
his father, made a full confession to-day-
He declares his own Innocence, and say*
his twelve-year-old sister Dora committed
the crime. The girl Is In the Jackson
County Jail at Jacksonville. , Sheriff Lewis
has gone there. to Interview her and at
tempt to secure a confession from her.
The boy says his sister killed their
father because she hated him. On tba
night of the murder the family was vx>
till late, but after the father retired th-=»
girl slipped out through the darkness and
stole her brother's rifle from the cabin
occupied by him In Granite Hill mining
camp. Then she returned home and shoe
her father -while he lay sleeping. Hiding
the rifle in a thicket behind .the houso
she returned to bed, sleeping in the lanw
room in which her murdered parent lay.
The boy's story Is not believed entirely,
as the officers are of the opinion that h-»
is trying to shift all blame en his sister.
His confession, however, will serve to
bring a complete solution of the mystery
that has baffled the prosecuting attorney
and officers since the discovery of ths
crime, two* months ago.PORTALS OF CENTURY CLUB HOUSE
THROWN OPEN IN HOSPITALITY.
BEAUTY, FASHION AMD CULTURE GATHER UNDER --ROOF
INTERIOR OF THE SPLENDID NEW HOME OF THE CENTURY CLUB ON SUTTER AND FRANKLIN STREETS, WHERE A
RECEPTION WAS TENDERED LAST NIGHT TO THE RETIRING PRESIDENT, MRS. E. C WRIGHT. THE AFFAIR PAR
TOOK OF THE NATURE OF A I^USE- WARMING.
A reception, for which Invitations were
Issued into the primal thousands, saw
ne^r^-- the fnJI qncta present at the
openi: ; of the Century Club's new home
on Franklin street at Sutter last evening.
Every brow bore a stamp of pride, for
those who were not of the club's house
hold carried the pleasurable conviction
that so handsome a home is at least a
part of the city' 6 possessions and there
fore to be pointed to as a worthy ac
complishment of energy and culture.
Within all bespoke taste— the quiet die
play of wealtii, the objects of art and
utility.
Upon the entrance floor are laid a large
hall, to the right of which swings the
Browning room and commodious rooms
for banquets and their preparation.
The upper floor, of generous dimensions
for hospitality, was tested to the utmost
hy the event. A library and public audi
torium are part of this structure with an
Intervening broau passage way subdl
vlaed by pillars.
All this for the public, but the home
life of the club lies beyond — almost
separate. Every appurtenance breathes
Ideality to the modern housekeeper.
As to the throng it was brilliant of
Brown and refined of mien, the spirit
AjpvEß^^iviTrvTra.
$5,000
Reward will be paid to any;
person who can find one atom
of opium, chloral, morphine,
cocaine, ether or chloroform
in any form in any; of Dr.
Mfles' Remedies.
This reward is offered because
certain unscrupulous persons
make false statements about
these remedies It is under-
stood that this reward applies
only to goods purchased in the
open market, which have not
been tampered with in any # way.
Dr. Miles' remedies cure by
their soothing, nourishing,
strengthening and invigorat-
ing effects upon the nervous
system, and not by paralyzing
and weakening the nerves as
would be the case if these drugs
were used.
For this reason Dr. Miles'
Anti-Pain Pills are universally
considered the best pain remedy
*1 have suffered for 25 years with
severe pains la zny head, heart and
back, end have tried everything I
could gret and could not find any relief
until I pot a box of Dr. Miles* Anti-
Pain Pills. I suffered as lons as 12
hours at a. time with such severe
pains that I feared I tCould lose my
mind. The Anti-Pain Pills cave me
relief In from 10 to 20 minutes. I do
not have to use Morphine any more.
I wish you would publish this so that
other eufferers may find relief."
L A- WALKER.
XL T. D. No. 6. Balera, Ind.
Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills are sold by
your druggist, who will guarantee that
the first package will benefit. If It
falls he will return your money.
\u25a025 doses, 25 cents. Never sold In bulk.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
{ FOR SHERIFF
Peter J. Curtis
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
of comfortable, genuine pleasure stalk
ing unchecked.
To the honor of the retiring presi
dent, Mrs. Edward C. Wright, was the
opening dedicated. Miss Kate Hutch
inson is to step into the responsibili
ties.
There was an imposing group of hos
tesses who beamed most gracious wel
come. Mrs. Phebe Hearst, honorary
president, had the assistance of the
past and present board of directors,
upheld also by the building committee,
whose plans and results were the
source of last night's enjoyment.
PIONEER WOMAN
PASSES AWAY AT
SAN RAFAEL
The death at San Rafael early on
Wednesday morning of Mrs. Sarah Eliz
abeth Hule. widow of the late Dr.
George W. Huie. who was widely
known and beloved for her beautiful
Christi&n character, has plunged a
large circle of relatives Into grief.
Mrs. Huie was a pioneer, having made
the trip across the plains in 1849 in a
party led by her uncle, Lieutenant Wil
liam H. Thompson, U. S. N n of Commo
dore Stockton's staff. She was largely
instrumental in inducing: other mem
bers of her family to come to Califor
nia, many of whom, notably her father,
Judgre R. Aug. Thompson, and her
brothers, Robert A., Thomas L. and
Frank I*. Thompson, were Intimately
associated with the early and more re
cent historj- of the State.
Mrs. Huie inherited her father's in
tellect and Interest in public affairs,
and her original and well-considered
opinions and intimate knowledge of
early events in California always at
tracted the attention and held the in
terest of all 50 fortunate as to enjoy
her conversation.
Two daughters and four sons survive
her, of whom William H- T. Huie and
Robert B. liule are well known in local
business circles.
COUSIN OF BISHOP. DEAD.
Relative of Rev. Mr. Conntj- Passes
Away In the Knrfi.
BOSTON. Mass.. Oct. 19.— Rev. Father Peter
R. O'Rellley. pastor of St. Patrick's Roman
Catholic Church at Whitensville, Mass.. died
to-day after a severe attack of heart trouble,
from which he had been for some
time. Father O'Reilley. who was 44 years
old. was pastor of St. Patrick's Church for
nearly a score of years. He was a native c-f
Taunton and a cousin of Bishop Thomas
Conaty of Los Angeles. The funeral will bs
held Saturday and Bishop Beaver of the SDrlnK
fleld diocese will officiate.
Death of Mm. J. H. Toler.
AUBURN. Oct. 19.— Mrs. J. .JI. Toler died
here to-day. She waa the daughter of Charles
F. Reed, who was for years prominent in Re
publican State politics ana who at one time
was one of th«» largest grain growers In Cali
fornia. Mrs. Toler was al«o a niece of the late
Mr*. Perrin Stevens, a New York society wo
man, t
Found Dead In lII* Office.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 19. — Captain D. S.
Coverdale, Justice of the Peace at Delano, a
veteran of the Civil War, and a resident of
this county for fifteen years, was found dead
in the rear of bis office at Delano early this
morning. His death was probably due to' heart
failure. He was about 70 years of age.
Death of Centenarian.
DETROIT, Mich.. Oct. 19.— Ehlert W.
Stretow, a resident of . this city since 1869,
died yesterday at the age of 100 years and two
months. His sight was so good and his nerves
so steady that he was able to shave himself
until after his hundredth birthday. He was
th« father of nine children, five of whom are
living.
Death of Frederick Rankln.
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— Frederick Rankin.
the librettist and author of the book on comic
optra, "Happy Land," now running, at. the
Lyric Theater in this city, died' to-day of ty-
Bhold fever
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER, 20, 19U5.
WALES STARTS
ON INDIAN TOUR
British Battleship Benown
Will Carry the, Prince
and His Consort Eastward
LONDON, Oct. 19.— The Prince and
Princess of Wales stated on their six
months' tour of India to-day. King Ed
ward, Queen Alexandra, the members of
the family and the Cabinet Ministers,
bade them farewell at the railroad sta
tion.
The Prince and Princess of Wales are
going overland to Genoa, Italy, where
they will embark on the , British battle
ship Renown, which Is due to arrive at
Bombay on November 9. They will stay
in India until March, visiting the prin
cipal cities and native states and receiv
ing the chiefs and Princes on behalf of
King Edward. The exchange of cere
monial presents will be dispensed with
and consequently no presents will be ac
cepted by the ' Prince and 'Princess while
on their tour.
The departure of Lord Cjirzon, of
Kedelston, the Viceroy, who re
signed on August 20, owing to
the • bitter feeling between -himself
and . Lord Kitchener, the command
er-in-chief of the forces In India, and
who will be succeeded by the Earl of
Minto, was postponed in view of the fact
that King Edward desired Lord Curzon
to remain and officially welcome the
Prince and Princess of Wales.
CZAR SAYS THAT JAPAN '
IS NOW RUSSIA'S FRIEND
lunei a Manifesto Proclaiming; the
Ratification of the Peace
. Treaty.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 19.— An imperial
manifesto was issued to-day proclaiming; the
ratification of the peace treaty between Russia
and Japan. It Fays: , . i
"God has caused our fatherland to suffer sore
trials from the blows of rate In a sanguinary
war, but the struggle has afforded manifold
proofs of the bravery and courage of our glori
ous troops against a brave and mighty enemy.
This war, so painful for us all, is now over.
The eastern portion of our \u25a0 country will de
velop iteelf in peace and good neighborliness
with the Japanese empire, whiah has now be
come our friend. . \u25a0'-•
"In communicating the restoration of peace
to our subjects we are sure they will Join in
our prayers to God to give a blessing on our
great labors in conjunction with men elected
by the people for the development and pros
perity of Russia. . . NICHOLAS."
DECIDES TO CAST HIS
/ L.OT WITH "MACHINE
Philadelphia Bureau Chief Resigns
Rather Than Join the Re
formers. ;•.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct.- 19.— Sajnuel Sut
cliffe chief of the bureau lof street' cleaning,
to-day resigned his $4000 position. Samuel
U. G..Mehaffey. his chief clerk, also resigned.
The resignations ' are • due :' to - the strained, po
litical conditions in this city. ,.
j Sutcllffe is Republican, leader of. the Eight
eenth Ward and strong, pressure has .been tx
erted •to force \u25a0 him *to either withdraw from
the regular - Republican I organization ) and I ally
himself with the city party under Mayor
Weaver's leadership or , resign his position.
To-day he made his decision to retire from
the city's employ..
REVOLUTION IS^ IN PROGRESS
. IN NORTHERN FART OF KOREA
Japanese Government ; Sends Troops to
the Front to Aid in Suppressing
*he Rebellion. ;'
VICTORIA, B. C. Oct? 19.— A revolution '\u25a0 is
reported ' to have* broken I, out . In ; ;the \ province
of , Chyungchyong ; In? Northern ;. Korea - r and ; Is
'spreading to ; Kangyou ' provi nee. \u25a0' The * Japanese
sent troops to suppress • the \u25a0 rebellion ; after : th*
Korean Government bad failed to take steps.
IRVING'S ASHES
IN THE ABBEY
Placed in Chapel to Await
Formal Interment, Which
Is to Take^Place To-Day
THRONG PAYS EESPECT
Large Crowd Walks Behind
the Hearse as It Passes
Through Streets of London
LONDON, Oct. 19.— The ashes of Sir
Henry Irving, inclosed, in a plain oaken
coffin, are now lying in the Chapel' of St.
Faith, Westminster Abbey, \u25a0waiting to
morrow's elaborate ceremony of interment
In poets' corner. Their removal from the
residence of Baroness Burdett-Coutts,
which waa guarded by a large force of
police, took place this evening.
The* coffin was placed in a hearse pre
ceded by mounted police and followed by
one carriage, the occupants of which were
the two sons of the deceased and Sir
Henry's aged dresser, Warden Collins,
who had been his attendant for half a
century. This modest procession was fol
lowed by another squad of mounted po
lice. The entire route to the Abbey was
lined by thousands of persons. The t men,
standing bareheaded, waited in respect
ful silence until the hearse passed, and
then joined in the procession behind the
police. Cn arrival at the Abbey the en
tire square was filled with a hatless mul
titude. The hearse was driven into the
Dean's yard, where it was met by the
Dean- of Westminster ana a number of
clergy. \,
The scene was most Impressive as the
procession moved- and disappeared among
the gloomy, time-worn cloisters. The
silence was broken only by the foot
falls of the clergy and bearers. The
public was not admitted to the Abbey.
As the procession entered the great organ
softly played the dead march from "Saul"
until the chapel of St. Faith was reached
and thetcoffln had been placed on a cata
falque. When the music stopped a short
prayer was said by the Dean. /
An open grave in poets' corner awaits
to-morrow's ceremony. It Is lined with
heavy black cloth, which also carpets the
floor for a distance of several yards. The
wajls of the chapel are banked with great
piles of floral tributes.
For hours to-day a constant stream
of people filed past the" casket as it rested
in the dining-room of the house of
Baroness Burdett-Coutts. Burning tapers
surrounded the catafalque, and the
wealth of floral tributes, American and
Continental as well as British, was so
great that the catafalque was not only
hidden, but floral offerings lined the bases
of the walls of the spacious apartment.
Embassador and Mrs. Whitelaw Reid
are cominc to London from Scotland to
represent the United States at the funeral
to-morrow. li
CLEVELAND. Ohio, OcL 19.— A. F.
Hartz, proprietor of the Euclid Avenue
Opera House of this city, has started a
national movement to erect a monument
to ' Sir Henry Irving.
PRINCE CHARLES
TO TAKE CROWN
Dane Will Be Elevated to
the Throne of Norway
When Elected by Storthing
COPENHAGEN, Oct. 19.— An important
dispatch was received late last night
from the Nofwegian Premier, M. Michael
son, at Christiania; notifying the Danish
court/ that a full agreement had been
reached by the members of the Nor
wegian Government on the advisability
of prompt settlement of the throne ques
tion by a resolution of the Storthing.
The Danish ministerial council was im
mediately summoned, the ministers sat
for two hours and it was announced this
morning that the Danish court is ready
to abandon the idea, of a Plebiscite and
that Prince Charles of Denmark was will
ing to accept the crown of Norway when
elected by a majority of the Storthing. :
RAILROADS ACT AS AGENTS
FOR PRIVATE CAR LINES
Assume No Responsibility In the Trans
, portatlon of - Fruit Ship
ments.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19.— Several tratfla
managers of Southeastern railroads testified
before the Interstate Commerce Commission to
day in the private car inquiry concerning the
manner of handling fruit and perishable pro
ducts in their territory. Most of them said
they had entered Into arrangements with pri
vate car lines by which- the latter engaged
to take the responsibility for the handling ol
the fruit,' the railroads acting' as agents only
in the matter of transportation. (
A. Allls, • an Ice ..manufacturer of Augusta.
Ga.. submitted a contract his. company had
to sfipply the Armour car lines with ice and
gavo many details concerning the arrange
ment with the orlvate car line. It la 'ex
pected the hearing will be concluded to-mor
row. ' '. '.'\u25a0'\u25a0•
Incorporates ; New Water Work*.
SALINAS, Oct. 19.— Articles of incorporation
of the Monterey County Water Works , were
filed with the County Clerk this morning. The
company, which gives San Francisco as the
frlnclpal place of business, Is capitalized for
1,000.000. The directors are Charles E
Green, H. G. Platt. A. D. Shepard. J. E
PoJhemus and George E. Crothers. all of San
Francisco. .'\u25a0\u25a0}
J COA/T SHIRT I
i it a reform in man's dress. $1.50 I
S and up, in white or exclusive color* H
B < fast fabrics. At leading stores. :j ; H
M CLUEn. PEABOOYACO..Troy,N.Y. \u25a0
HS L&rcert maker* of »hlrt* and oollua tn ths world.
Clothes That Combine Style and Utility
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 ; \u25a0 - i '"."'\u2666... f \u25a0": \u25a0 ' \u25a0 ' \u25a0 -
At* The Low Price of $ 1 1
I^F^^\ When told you can get a good suit in our stores
W-^lfi' for $i i you naturally ask "How good is it?"
c w i^ answer y ou two ways, both of which
%/ Sssm should give you a correct idea of the quality of these
First: They are the same grade of clothes you
\u25a0^^^O^^^^^^^^Sl see elsewhere lor $I 5. We are manufacturers, whole-
salcrs and retailers of clothing. We wholesale to the
'^^^^^^^^^S. tra de all over the Union. But here in San Francisco
we retail direct to the public through our own stores.
N^B^i^^StJßp^ c se *l you tne sult P^ us b ut one P 1 " 0^ 1 over the cost
fi^^^ffl^^ffl| of making. Other stores sell at two profits — the
;^^R^^Bft^^ manufacturer's and the retailer's. The suit we sell
Ji^ll^^S^^^Sr f° r $** is the suit others sell for $15.
Second: Note the making of these $11 suits:
broad military shoulders, Venetian lining throughout,
V^™ff-^^^^B' self-retaining hair cloth fronts, hand-felled collars,
\lilP Wg^ ißililll hand-padded shoulders, shrunk linen canvas, linen
'flB§ if pock'ct stays, silk bar tacks at all pockets, silk stitched
fHH W$ throughout. These points mean much in the mak-
fSff S IMli! n & °* r^ e sults - Garments with these features sell
fftllf ifISH or $ 151 5 * n ot^ er stores. Our price is $11.
\lip Trousers: New Fall Patterns $2.50
jHj^l^i^M' Should you need just a pair of trousers to prolong
~^^^^Sb^ t^ e service of the coat and vest you are now wearing,
"«5^P remember we have a big stock from $2.25 up to $6
Our $11 Blue Serge. a pair.
The New Gray Suits with Peak Lapels
Gray is the color this fall. It is Back East there is a ready call for
having a steady demand in every towa the new style single .breasted suits with
from New York to San Francisco. Our peak kpels This style is coming
wholesale department reports that deal- . , v r - iU
- . r i,r . . . \u0084 westward. You see a few suits on the
ers everywhere are selling principally
. .-. \u25a0 -\u0084 • , _ -or r j streets now.
grays in all mixed patterns.
Knowing this months ago we laid" The peak lapel is broad and flat— cut
An a plentiful supply and \u25a0„ can satisfy all low so as to show a portion of the vest,
customers with gray suits in single or, Fashion says it is a correct lapel for
double breasted models. Glance in single breasted suits this fall and winter,
our windows and you will see how We have these new models at $15 up
well we are prepared. to $25 in swell shades of gray.
Boy's Suit and Cap $ 2.45 $$^
This special sale is continued from last week v , •-^§§K v •
because so many mothers bought and spoke well .;- i^f^^^^^^fe
We want all who so desire. ; be supplied 1
You can have your choice of two styles of 'SfP^'^^ft'
suits. One is a Buster Brown as pictured with 'J^^^^^^^^N
bloomer pants, long Russian blouse with hand- . ; «^S Ililiii9tt
somely embroidered design on the sleeve; they
come in the new pretty grays; ages 4 to 6 years. #M^^^^^^^^
The other style is an Eton- Norfolk— a double
breasted Norfolk coat with Eton collar and plain i&St Bill
knee pants; there's a bit of braid and embroidery |||i i|f|
here and there to give the garments style; the Wj |||
colors are blues, grays and browns; ages c to 8 /Hi Hr^
With either suit we give a handsome cap in / » -*a¥§SKI w \ }S?B^ - * j
Auto, Norfolk or Parsifal style. . —~-^p
Either suit (value $2.50) and the cap (value £§ pp^glr^
50c) may be had this week all for $2.45. Wi . T*^
Girls' Coats in the New Tourist Style $ 7.50
Our girls' coats are made by us and sold to you at a saving of one-fourth. The coat
we sell for ly^o'is $10 in other stores.*
This Tourist Coat is made of blue serge in three-quarter !eng:h for girls from 6 to 14
years of age. Note its many features: Pretty 'chevron on the left sleeve, stripe of honor on
the'right, two box plaits front and back, belt all around, two rows of brass buttons, large
flat lapels, etc. It's a splendid garment for only $7.50.
Man &-N-W0 0D & Hfl G °° ds
Orders — -« y|: " Delivered
Filled^ r Manufacturers Wholesalers and Retaflers of Clothing Free Within
Write Us. Two Large Stores 50 Mites.
. Gor. Powell and Ellis ami, 740 Market Street
34
RUEF'S RUFFIANS UTTER MOST FOUL AND UNSPEAKABLE WORDS
SHAMEFUL EPITHETS APPLIED TO THE FUSION NOMINEE
* ; 1 \u25a0 — — __ — . : _ — . — . — _____ — __^_ _ *
Citizens of Sail ' Francisco, now engaged in a great contest to achieve better and cleaner government, should keep close watch on Ruefs Board
of Election Commissioners, as ail signs point to further violation of tlie election laws by the creatures of the boss. All that Eepublicans and Demo
crats ask for is an honest construction of the law. If this is denied to the electors by the Board of Election Commissioners, immediate appeal will
be made to the highest court in California. '
Schmitz and Partridge Men Crowd About
Candidate as He Leaves^Hali to
Prevent Possible Assault.
Thugs and Rowdies i?i the Gallery Hurl
Obscene Language at the Speaker
and Women Leave Hall.
•"Hooray for Ruef!" yelled the hood
lums In tlie grailery at Garibaldi Hall,
in tbc Forty-fourth District, last night
at the meeting of the citizens of the
Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth districts
to listen to John S. Partridge. The cry
was taken up by several men at the
back oi tne nail downstairs, but two
thirds of those seated wore the Part
ridge button, while the remainder wore
the bctimitr emblem. These repre
seniea the best element of the district
&n<i tne Schmitz men joined with the
others in the cry to have the disturbers
tnrown out.
Cheering for Ruef was not the only
feature ot the evening. Threats against
the candidate, obscene cries and jeers
greeted Mr. Partridge and every ef
fort was made to break down the
sptaker and drive him from the plat
form. "You're a scab! You're a
bum. You're an ex-convict I" yelled the
crowd, and the candidate's face went
white, but not with fear, at one par
ticularly cowardly insult from a loafer
in the gallery. The epithets hurled at
tile speaker became so foui that ladies
in the hall arose and left the building.
Could any sane man who is at pres
ent in doubt as to how his vote will
go j have been present last night and
witnessed the exhibition made by the
Ruef ruffians of the Forty-fifth in
laeir attempt to break up a peaceable
gathering, there is no question that
their votes would go to Partridge.
The leaders of the disturbance in the
gallery showed plainly that they recog
nized that Ruef Is the man for whom
they are working and that Schmitz is
(he merest tool of the boss.
lICHL,S> OUSCEM2 \VOltl)>.
That tlie liltny language ana obscene
yells of the Ruefters gained for Part
ridge "the votes of many ot the decent
wearers of vie Schmitz button is un
douutedly true. Some Schmitz men
were loud in their cries to throw the
loafers out and give the speakers a
lair hearing. The Police Department
will no doubt receive a lengthy letter
of approval from Kuef at the elaborate
ly pianned absence of policemen at the
hall, not one being detailed to the
meeting. Well did Ruefs lieutenants
oa the Police Board obey the bidding
of their master.
Nothing daunted by his reception, the
fusion candidate, after being intro
duced by G. Malpiede. the presiding of
ficer, faced his detractors and hurled
defiance into their faces in a way that
brought his supporters in the audience
to their feet with hysterical cheering.
"I am glad," exclaimed Mr. Partridge,
addressing the ruffians, "that you are
here representing my opponents, be
ca-us-e you are the kind of men 1 want
to talk to. You may be against me, but
at least, boys, give me a fair show."
"You're a dirty scab: You're a dirty
bum!" howled the Ruefters.
"You are the kind of men, you there
in the galleries, that I want to talk to,"
continued Partridge, as the shouting
ceased. "I want you to hear this one
thing if you don't hear another word
to-night: You can't^bluff me; you can't
drive me out of the tight by shouting
or by physical violence. We've got you
be*ten, and by the living God we'll
roll up 15.000 majority on election day."
PARTRIDGE AOT COWED.
"You're a liar. You're an ex-con
vict:" yelled the galleries. Then came
the insult that drove the blood from the
speaker's face and caused the women to
leave the hall.
"You're not going to win by such
work as that," cried Partridge above
the tumult. "You can't win this fight
by tearing down signs and breaking up
meetings. You are not going to vrln
this fight at all, for you're beaten, and
no one knows It better than Aba Ruef."
Partridge continued his speech, Ih-
DR. PIERCETS REMEDIES.
Many people are afraid of ghosts. Pew
people are afraid of germs. Yet the ghost
»nd the m_«__^__£__- b
rerm Is &
fact. If . x*^""-*^ .
the germ 'AS :\~ % - *V'
tTr^Se \ va^riS] fe^
equal to V& £
Iw terrors V — -/'TjS^§S(_»3W
G«rms can't be avoided. I l_fe<_a
Thrj- are in tho air we fl f|fcfe3|
bronthe, the water we fi ||jsisS
The perm can onlr pros- pt fcjirajP
per when the condition of I T?^^
tho system eives it free Vv ji \
scope to establish Itself »nd V\ \\ ) \
develop. When there is a \\ \1 1
deficiency of vital force, \\ 111
languor, restlessness, a sal- > Mil
low cheek, a hollow eye, yjfrJ \*i
when the appetite Is poor vi
and the sleep Is broken, lt v
Is time to guard ag&inst the
eenn. Yo» can fortify the body against I
all eerms by the use of Dr. Pferee's I
Golden Medical Discovery. It lncre.v-es
the vital power, cleanses the system of
clogging impurities, enriches the blood
putt tho stomach and organs of digestion i
and nutrition in working condition, so >
that the germ finds no weak or tainted !
epot In which to breed. "Golden Medical f
Discovery" contains no alcohol, whisky
or other intoxicant.
•Tour 'Goldon Medical Discovery* Is a
eick mm •friend." writes Goo. N. Tomer.
L»Q., (Ex. Fln-Qdal Secretary International
Brotherhood of T<>unster»}. 2206 California
BtrM!t. Dearer, Cola ' "For the p&st seven
ye»rs my health gradually failed. I lost my !
appetite. b«c_ mo nervous and debilitated. I
verr despondent and enable to sleep. No
medicine bdped me until I triad Dr. Pierce* i
Golden Modical Discovery. It put new life
Into ay veins and increased vitality until I I
could ooce more enjoy life and attend to my
business. EUrht bottles affected a complete
cur» and cladlr do I recommend it"
Dr. Pierc**s Pellet*— only one or two a
day trill regulate and cleanse and invig-
orate a foul, bad Stomach, torpid Liver
ar alucc ish Bowels.
terrupted by the gross cries of the Ruef
men, and told how he had forced the
Mayor to show his hand and commence
building a new sehoolhou.se and begin
the new Geary-street road. At the
close of his speech he was surrounded
by his friends in the hall, who feared
personal attacks upon their leader, and
many of the decent element of the dis
trict crowded around him to assure him
that the insults came from men wl;o
Could not be controlled except by the
strong arm of the law, which was not
represented. Among these were men
%vearing the red button, who assured
him of their renunciation of the Ruef
principles" of anarchy. •
TWO DISTRICTS GREET .VOMI.MCK.
Overflow .Meeting at Hamilton Hall
Claim* Caudtdat^s* Speeches*.
The recaption accorded John S. Partritige in
the Fortieth District, where the voters cf thfc
Thirty-eighth and Fortieth Joined to welcome
the Fusion candidate, w»b ona of the beet of
the campaign. The crowu outside Hamilton
Hail was so dense as to compel the candidate
to address the overflow before making- his
speech to the larger crowd gathered within
the hail. Other speakers irom the hall also
addressed the overflow meeting, which entered
uself hoarse for Partridge.
The chairman of the evening was Albert E.
Castle. The other speakers wer« Henry U.
UranUensteln, Cary Van Fleet, I. Goldman,
Harry Baehr, C. A. Sweigert and Vfi A. Kelley.
Mr. Partridge wit presented by the chairman
and when the applause subsided epoke as fol
lows: •
SCH3IITZ FORCED TO ACT.
I think we ought to congratulate ours^ivj*
that we are accompl.shing something in this
«ui:.j>;iibn. We have already forced tha Mayor
to t..ke steps to build a much-ne ->I«i echo k
tiouae. and according to his speecn ot laii.
eight we have forced him to take step* to
construct the Geary-ttrett road- In my flrat
public address after my nomination I criticized
ihe administration b.-i-au.-e it c. aimed that a
schoolhouse could not be built >or $li:i.(M>
and because the taxpayers hud Ik en paying
Interest on that sum for months and iiotin.:g
done. A few days later thsy changed ih.lr
ui!n<iB ajij decided that a schoolhouse c.uld
be built for fIIU.UOO. Then 1 charged— and 1
have given the evidence to sustain the charge —
that the Mayor bad really been opposed t>
building the Geary-ttreot road. And now he's
roing to have dirt flying before election. 1
congratulate him and the long-suffering people
of San Francisco.
But this tamy zeal isn't going to save him.
We have the people with us .n this tight ana
the whole town knowg that taere's solus to
be a landslide for the fusion ticket. Comp -lent
Judges estimate that we wiil- win by 13,IXM>
It's only a question of majorities Hjw,, w 1
am going to talk a moment to the thousands
of honest union labor men who are since; el>
supporting this administration. I want to tell
them a few plain facts, co that they o*n jidge
for themselves whether they are ju?t.3ed in
that support.
I pa:^ by the fact that there are very few
unicn labor men on any of the commiVpions
or in the efflces under the commissions whl.'h
pay good sauries. I pass by the fact thai
there are so few union men on the Unljn
Labor ticket, and even some who have b.-en
In the past actively hostile to union men.
Those are matters which pertain to th»
spoils alone, and I <Jo not believe that i. Ny
honest union man is concerned about the rpjils.
MAYOR NOT SINCERE.
It is more important to determine whsther
or not the Mayor is sincere in his attitu !e
toward labor. Let's take the two prlac.pj.l
demands made upon him. When the term—of
I>. I. Mahoney as Police Commissioner tt
plred thousands of union men petitioned t.i»
Mayor to reappolnt him. But th« Mayor re
fused and appointed John A. Drinkhouse. who.
as Public AdmlnUtrator. had been a client
of Mr. Ruef. Then, after this gentleman had
served for awhile, the Clgarmakers" Union
charged that he was using his office to com
pel the retail liquor men to handle non-union
cir&r*. They proved their charge and de
manded the removal of Mr. Drinkhouse. Again
the Mayor rerused. It it not reasonable, jf
the Mayor was false to union labor In thos*
particulars, to doubt the sincerity of all hU
protestations?
But even the question of hie sincerity is
not rhe moit important. The real point is to
determine whether or not* the nun and women
who toil are suffering from the misdeeds of
the administration.
I take it that the union labor roan is first
of all a citizen, and as such wants to see
rood eovernment. I know many of them
personally i»nd that is their attitude. But
can that government be called good whe.-t
sc£ndal follows scandal, and where the very
air is filled with tales of Its debauchery*!
Above all. ran that government be cail. d
good which trifles with the health and lives
or the people? ,
Take the case of the emergency hospitals.
The great majority of the men who are taken
there are worklngmen. who are Injured in the
course of their employment. Yet dunng this
administration the hospitals have be?n a hot
bed of scandal, and I am reliably Informed
that condit ors have become so bad that In
jured teople have refused to be taken ther«
for treatment.
DILLON'S ARRAIGNMENT.
But the worst arraignment of all was the
r peech of Dr. Dillon In Pioneer Hall the other
night. He speaks as one who has *een things
from the Inside, and the tales he told were
enough to make your blood run coJd. .He
said that when he wa a a health officer under
the present administrate he discovered a l.t
cf be«f which was so badly infected witrv
tuberculosis that it w-as covered with blisters
That he tried to condemn it and stop its
sale, but that he was not permitted to 4o to
Can you conceive of a viler crime on earth
than the sale of diseased meat? Th» coun
try is spending millions- of dollar* every yrar
in trying to stamp out the dread scourge con
sumption. The deaths from this disease iin
San Francisco alone must be thousands "every
year. Doctor* know that there Is m more
fruitful source of contagion than Infected food
and yet the administration employes permit
meat tainted with that dlseare to b? so?a
against the protest of Dr. Dillon. I tell you
the man who would do such a thing is a
worse criminal than any murderer. . that ever
lived. Where do you suppose that meat wu
sold? Did It go into the homes on Pac.fl?
Heights ? No. It went among those of nar
row means. It sowed its weds ofttrnw
and destruction in the ' homes of the l O".»-
It perhaps took away some gcoi man's ar.J «
or some father's beloved son. How many nron
cases of that kin.l ha\> there beea in the
last -four years? Do you- suppose thst. .the
cas* observed by Dr.* Dillon was the only on??
The Board of Health above all things ,mu«t
be taken out of polities. It must ant thill
be composed of physicians of the highest char
•cter and standing. And If I am e!ect»d I'm
going to make rure- of that by inviting the
pr.nelpal rredical men of San FrancUcv icto
conference and I will make the appointment :
wholly by their advice. Then we will get a i
board that will put honest and comp«t'nt an\j
merciful men In charg* of the bov><ta!«'and
•bore an trill spend their time looking out for
the health of our people and net In : partisan
polities
COLORED VOTERS CHEER.
I \u25a0 • - - ,
! Crowd C.rrrtm John S. Partridge la the
Forty-Fourth District.
A »i*nlncant meeting- was held in the Fcvr
ty-fourth District la*t nfcht at AuMrlan Hall,
when the colored voters of the district gath
ered to hear the : stralshtfcrword appeal: of
[John S. PartriCsv -to the manhood of San
Francisco, irrespective of color. rae» or 'creed
Partridge w»* warmly greeted by his audience
and the respectable element of the district
turmd out In force to : hear . the truth about
Ruef and his associates. \u25a0 \u25a0 , j
Tt» meetlpK was addressed hy several prom
•miii fusion speakers. , noLablv n«n.r.i r> - * I
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL. FRIDAY: OCTOBER 20, 11)05.
JOHN S. PARTRIBGE
WILL SPEAK AT TWO
MEETINGS TO-NIGHT
Thirty-third District — Wack
fnrnder'* Hnll, 38 Wool street,
Bernal Hrlßhtn. Take Mldslon-
Ktreei car to ; Cortland Btreet »
and lvnlk cant.'. .
Thirty-third District— Wolf's
\u25a0 Hall, 1 Plymouth nvfnuf,
Ocenn Ylevr. Take , Mission .
Ocean View or Colma car.
Woodruff, Fred Eggers and John A. McGea.
General Woodruff told of the stand of fusion
in the' lnterests of the true laboring man, and
eaid . that the element supporting Schmitz .ln
the<*tenderloln is composed , of the worst ene
mies otm labor. McQees remarks were also an
illustration of the methods of the Mayor ln
rtgard to the removal of union men frcm th«
oittclal positions and the substitution -of
grafters.
Fred Eggcrs made a forceful talk regarding
the work in the Board of Supervisors and its
action in voting money for the Mayor to put
to public use. but which BtiU lies ln the city
treasury. In particular he referred to the
appropriation for the paving of the Mission
road to the county line and the widening ot
Fourth street, from Market to Townsend.
Cheers and applause greeted Mr. Partridge,
who spoke in part as follows:
\VI LI, API'OIA T GOOD MEX.
The manner in which the campaign is being
coucauc-ttu ia a fortunate circumstance. Th«
whole people are making my fight, and so I
fain, uiiuc.l' obusatioub io vie c.nok. people,
'incse ODiifiations 1 can only repay Dy appoint
ing to otuce men who will worK ror the inter
ests oi ail classes. I repeat again, it is a
hopeful *ign when a candidate can make a
ngnt like tnis, with no promises except to the
people. »
.-\*,ain, I say, no man can really do justice
to the office of Mayor under present condi
tions, unions be knows politics thoroughly,
xi makto no dmetence whoint-r baa men are
put on the commission's for corrupt purposes,
or whether they are appointed through Igno
rance ot' their real character. I have been ia
politics for twelve years here in San Francisco,
have been on the county committee for half
mat time, have been, on campaign committees
several times, and have been chairman ot two
conventions, «nd 1 think I know the anteced
ents and character of every man who has ever
had any connection with politics. Above all,
I have made three fights against Abraham
Ruef.
To be against Mr. Ruef is a liberal educa
tion ln municipal government. To be abused
by Mr. Uuet is a gilt-edged character certifi
cate. •
Again, it may be asked what special train-
Ing X have had for the high oltlce lor which I
have been nominated. Study of civil govern
ment and history in a great university is some
preparation. Four years as teacher ln the
public schools makes a man familiar with the
needs of that department. The study and
practice of the law is closely connected with
the study and practice of the sceience of muni
cipal affairs. But I know of no place where
a man acquires so rapidly and thoroughly a
complete knowledge of the whole civic ma
chinery as ln the City Attorney's office.
The charter makes the City Attorney the ad
viser and. counselor of every department of
the .city government. Every conceivable ques
tion conn*ct*-d with ' the city's affairs is re
ferred to his office for Investigation. He stands
in the dual capacity of an advocate anil a
judge. An advocate, when any official or
commission Is sued, or when the city itself
must bring an action, and a judge,- when any
official or commission is ln doubt, . I
In connection with my work in this office
I have become familiar with the details and
Inner workings of every part of the municipal
government. I have been obliged to familiar
ize myself with the charter, the ordinances of
the Board of Supervisors, the decisions of the
courts and -the general statutes of the State of
California which pertain to the conduct of
affairs in San Franclseo.
AX IMPORTAXT PROBLEM.
But my principal work has been ln connec
tion with the case of the Spring Valley Water
Company against San Francisco. The law of
that case Is complicated enough. Involving, as
it acts, the whole subject oi the relation of
public service corporations to the people. I
consider that problem the most Important with
which the American people have to deal at
the present time, for it Is not only a legal
problem, but a social and economic one as
well. , It is a problem with which the people
of Ban Francisco must have much to do in the
next few years, and (it must be dealt with
fairly and impartially, without passion or pre
judice, and above all it must be. dealt with
Intelligently. It is a big problem, requiring
very special knowledge, and It cannot be han
dled by declamation. In connection with it I
have read every decision of every court ln
America, every work of the political econo
mists, and every Government report. I would
like to take every one of you into the oifice
and show you how we have systematized all
that special knowledge, and put It in such
form that lt will be readily available for all
time.
Now I do not want you to think that I am
claiming any credit, or asking any considera
tion or reward for this work. It was my plain
duty, and besides, lt wae a labor of love. I
only cite H to show you that I am not unpre
pared for the work of the city government,
and so you may judge from my pa*t Whether
or not I will be industrious and faithful In the
public service.
SE.VD FOR THEM.
Brine «»• Home Polka Wert While
Rate* Are I-o— \u25a0.
Tou've been thinking about lt a long tlmt.
Don't wait any longer. Rates are low now
irem the East to California. .Tha Santa Fe
will telegraph the ticket and see that your
folks got special attention. Th« conductor will
look after them all the way to California.
$60 Irom New York.
$33 from Chicago. • - - -
$25 from Kansas City. Low* rates also from
other places. Write for them to F. W. Prince,
City Ticket Agent. Santa Fe Railway. BM
Market street. San Francisco. ". . • \u25a0
SEAKCH FOR . MISSING
MAN IS EEWAKDED
Friend Finds Him in a Log
ging Camp Near Port
Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Oct. 19.— Robert P. Harris,
a graduate of Princeton,:- who disap
peared last June,, has been located by
TEtus Hale, a college companlon/wbo
clone out from Princeton to search for
him at the request of Harris-m other.
For two weeks Harris and Hale have
both been working in the timber near
Pdrt Angeles. Harris refused- to -start
home and Hale would not leave him.
To-day they came here, leaving to
night for Seattle. After .leaving, Ta-'
coma. Harris went to ; Bremerton,
where he borrowed money from a doc
tor who had treated him and again dis
appeared. Later he wrote his medical
acquaintance that he was going; to
commit suicide by throwing himself
over- a precipice in the Olympic Moun
tains. A detective sent ."West by his
family was unable to find him and it
was believed- he was dead. Harris*
mother refused to believe so and -re
quested Hale to renew the search.
Harris' family lives at Princeton and is
wealthy.
But n Krw Days KrmalD to >r ml for
Yonr KaMrrn Frlrnd*.
The tow , rate colonist tickets for ." passag«
from Eastern points to California wtll be sjid
only :up to and Including ' October .11. Deposit
the cost of .the ticket with- any Southern Pa
cific agent and the ticket will be. furnUhed <h«
passenger liv the, ; East. $50 ; from New York,
?:{:: from Chicago, $25. from ;Oniaha..-- Similar
lovf • rates from other , points. . - Particulars of
Southern, Pacific agent , - '. -—\u25a0• \u25a0<
APPEAL TO SUPREME
COURT IS READY
Attitude of Ruefs Election
Commissioners Excites; *• '•%
SusDicion i
The Registrar of Voters and Election
Commissioners know that- the petitions
recently filed for placing Schmitz on the
ballot as the "Independent Republican"
nominee and "Independent Democratic"
nominee are tainted with fraud. It Is re
ported that two of the Commissioners—
Lefflngwell and Devoto— are read; now
to take the orders of Ruef and recog
nize the petitions as legal.
E. F. Threadwell, attorney for the Re
publican and Democratic parties, is ready
to bring the matter to the attention of
the Supreme Court. He is prepared to
take the Owl train for Los Angeles im
mediately and ask the court in session
there for a. writ of mandate returnable
in this city one day next« week. Perhaps
the Commissioners will attempt to dodge
the issue by holding back the order to
recognize the petitions until the last day
of grace. The fact that Registrar Adams
received the petition, stamping each doc
ument with his official stamp, may be ac
cepted as proof that the Board Si Elec
tion Commissioners has actually advised
that the law be ignored and set aside.
The citizens of San Francisco, Republi
cans and Democrats, know their rights
under the law, and will appeal to the
courts to prevent the ; perpetration Of
fraud by Ruef's creatures on the Board
of Election Commissioners. It Is known
that tne grafters have a firm grasp on
several of the municipal boards, but the
gangsters have not succeeded in getting
COMMISSION FAVORS PLACING
RUMP NOMINEES ON THE TICKET
Election Board Seems Already Decided
After hearing arguments' for and
against the placing of the nominees of
the -so-called Independent Republican
and Independent Democrats on the of
clal ballot, the Election Commission de
cided yesterday that no action could be
taken'until Registrar Adams had re
ported as to whether the signatures to
the petitions were bona v flde, in that
the signers had'hot voted at *the' last
primary 'election.! Adams stated that
the number of signers exceeded 3 per
cent of the votes polled at the last
election, as required by law, but he
had not had time to ascertain If they
were legally entitled to sign the pe
titions.
Attorney Treadwell raised the point
that the law did not contemplate that
the nominees of one party should be
put on the ballot under the designation
of another party. He said that the so
called Independent Republican and
Democratic ' candidates had already
been nominated on the Union Labor
ticket, and to put them on two other
SAYS JEROME .ASKED
Jb'OKTAMMAXY'SAID
Leader Murphy Declares He
JVill Trove Truth of
Assertion.
XEW YORK, Oct. 19.— Charles T. Mur
phy, in denying some of the allegations
which District Attorney .Wlt.iam T. Je
rome made in a speech last night at
Carnegie Hall, said to-day:
Mr. Jerome said he never asked for in
dorsement by any political party. Mr. Jerome
asked a confidential friend to see me on two
or three occasions on hla own behalf. He said
that he was anxious to meet me and to have
a distinct understanding with me. He even
agreed to Join the Tammany Hall general com
mltte*. If Jerome denies this before the meet-
Ing here to-night we will prove the truth of
It from the platform then.
In reply to these statements Mr. Je
rome said to-day:
I deny it. Let him prove it from the plat
form.* But I will not say he did not send, a
messenger to me.
Jerome > to-night continued the vigor
ous independent campaign he is making
for re-election to the office of District
Attorney. Jerome spoke first to a great
crowd gathered in Murray Hill Lyceum
and 'later addressed ' an enthusiastic - au
dience which tested the capacity of : the
Grand Central Palace on the East Side.
Jerome's principal address was at*the Ly
ceum, where he dismissed with the brief
statement, "It is not true"; the charge
made by Charles F. Murphy, that Jerome
had sought him in connection with the
Democratic nomination. The District At
torney then attacked fiercely the present
Democratic administration and the nom
inees. He was most bitter against Mur
phy and compared "-him ' disparagingly
with Richard Croker, ."a real , man, a
man with a jaw, a . man that : stood .up
and never lied to a friend; a man who
stood good and true when he gave you
! his word and told you he would or he
would not, and then did as he said.
Croker was my friend, though I' fought
i him for twenty years. That kind of man
I could deal with, not the miserable kind
of a\nan .from Good Ground." He con
tinued:
Richard Croker, brave man that" he ' was.
was practically driven from this | town by I th:
one question. "Where \u25a0 aid you get it?" .Where
did ': this \u25a0 recrudescence' of Croker, 1 this -: faint
imprint, this shadow of a mighty mas. get it?
I have served , this people in publlo office *foi.i
something like thirteen . years, in places where
the "stuff" wet If you were willing : to toko I
it.' ' But < I live to-day In as humble an • up- !
point ment as any of you. Joint debate Is -a J
cheap thing to offer, but,. God helping ,= me, J
I: would like nothing better 'than .a Joint de- J
bate. with Charlie Murphy. Half a dozen . qucs- !
t lons tun out of the. range *of the criminal law ;
Mid that weak shadow of a strong man would
be i effaced from , the : globe. ; . v, .
Jerome .continued:'/ \u25a0'>'
\u25a0 I am offering to you In' my weak . |.eraon '
an ißsueso lure* that whPti I Mop.-to think -
I i had - the • audacity ;to }\u25a0••!*<» \u25a0It I trwmble • at", >
my =:. temerity. 1 \u25a0 haw 4tvrn. you th«: clean
cut 'j U&ue, clean ** \u25a0 li> ha« i»«<x«r ' been I b*for«» '-Z
in *. this or any- oth»r &mtm unity, bstwwn tin *
pelflsh. c rafting :-\u25a0 Ihhjkh ami th* plain V>eople
whom Abraham Unoolnliiv^d and trotted, and
I go forward', to • tho Tilt ' of- November.' regard
leys of result*; tor, 1 t>M!o\<\ ** I stAnd h*>r»
to-nicnt. that If 1 «•»• ral« ed th* ~ lwut ; be-
control of the judiciary. Danger of such
control was threatened at the last gen
eral election, but a. fusion on ' nomina
tions for Judges of the Superior Court de
feated the gang.
The right of a petition for a place on
the ballot is provided by law to enable
voters to vote for a man who is not tha
nominee of a party . convention. Eugene
E. Schmitz is the nominee of the Union
Labor party convention and as such his
name goes on the official ballot. He did
not apply to any other convention for a
nomination and therefore was not de
nied. * .
Nominees of the Republican party are
entitled under the law to the leading posi
tion on the ballot as, that party cast the
highest vote of all the political parties
at the last election . for Governor. The
law in this respect is clear and distinct.
Yet the Election Commissioners will
break the law or juggle with it, at Ruef's
command.
Ruef runs the administration. He gives
his orders to Schmitz and the Mayor dare
not disobey the boss. Ruef detailed the
chief clerk of his own law oflice for duty
in the Mayor's office aa private secretary,
so that the boss would have knowledge of
all transactions in the executive depart
ment of the municipal government. Wage
earners south of Market 6treet have been
denied their just proportion of patronage,
because .the Mayor was ordered to ap
point Ruefs men.
tickets would only tend to confuse
voters. Attorney Newburgh, represent
ing Abe Ruef, who Is engineering the
scheme to have his nominees appear as
independent Republicans and Demo
crats, Quoted from "a Supreme Court
decision to show that the term "Na
tional Democratic party" - used : in a
Presidential campaign was not calcu
lated to deceive voters.
Commissioner Voorsanger " said ,he
was impressed with the legal points
raised by Treadwell, but wanted ac
tion postponed until Adams had made
his report as noted. Commissioners
Leflingwell and Devoto said they were
satisfied that the Independent Republi
can and • Democratic tickets were le
gally entitled to go on the official bal
lot and were ready to vote to that
effect. As Commissioner McGulre was
not . present, ,lt was decided to. post
pone action until this evening, when it
is expected that Adams will have re
ported on the legality of the signatures
to the oetitions.
tween the grafting boss and the servant ot
the people, . the mighty voice of the people
will be heard resonant and true, as lt always
has been heard In the cause of right.
The Democratic nominations on city,
county and borough tickets were ratl
fied x at a meeting In Tammany Hall to
night, when speeches were made by
Mayor George B. McClellan. who la
standing for re-election, and others.
An incident of .the. meeting .was a
statement by John F. Ahem, candidate
for re-election' as president of the
borough of Manhattan, in explanation
of the charges made by Murphy
against Jerome. Ahem said .that Jer
ome asked him to arrange a confer
ence with Murphy, but that Murphy
refused to see Jerome, on the ground
that he had nothing to say to- him.
Are You Going: East?
Why not go via Portlana and Northern Pa
cific Railway? The line for comfort, service
and scenery. If Interested write for lowest
rates to T. K. Stateler. General Agent, 647
Market street, San Francisco.. •
tf Customs Inspector on Rampage,
Robert V. Graham, a Custom-house In
spector, recently from Manila, raised a commo
tion on Geary, street last night by firing three
shots Into the air. He was arrested and taken
to the City Prison, where he was charged
with discharging firearms in the city limits.
i JpH- _Ntt_USER-81/<Sr», $
_5v * jPli I ' : *innri__i V_i _^» * ""^ %/ +7^l m _L # 9
I t i,mjC— _^_ _k— _^— \u25a0 — \u25a0* M s^B ' l*RJk OE_ 9^i j\ f> »j»
I g fvSiaMzm lt \ s m f de of 14.60 per cent of nutritious Malt
I ISP 51^*^^ |
j Anheuser-Busch BrewintJ Ass'n I
\u2666 DOAX'B PILLS. .
marcusTmayer
ADVISES THE USE OF
DOAfoPS KIDNEY
given American thfater-proers some of J*H d""*^^^?f_l v^^X
Gentlemen: I wish as many suffering 2«^_TO/_3»y^ -JsifiSwlS^Yv^r JS
men and women as I can reach through @K§3*?/^^^^-^'^^^^^^l^i^^yr
agency who had kidney trouble so bad- \u8vi _^_ffi li*
waxlike in appearance, who were agon- 7k§sSl llilMy^jpffiPtSS^^'? l^^Cv-s.
and across the loins; had frequent at-
nary trouble. lam always glad to rec- _fc^^feß)sWMß^_!^g^ag^rVsli
(Signed) ' MARCUS R. MAYER. C/Jx^^fS^
D ° a i^S" Ye SANFRANCISCOTESf^OHY
o . ... — „ . rs . F. J* Smith, boxmaker ln the National
KJgnt 111 TblS City. box Factory, residence in Folsorn
:"". . street, says: "If I was not thoroughly
San Francisco Citizens Testify lm P rfcS3td with the fact that Doan "
-.„ , \u25a0 J Kidney Pills can be depended upon I
SL'SSJr&SZ "'•"" •""" h »" «- 8 7\°' my ""•
Pills cure kidney and bladder troubles, as I have « }° recommend the prepara-
backachc, etc. Notable cures have been tion to others suffering from kidney
made in every section of this city and complaint. Before I took a course of
uTth i° f yy ° Ur ° Wn nelshbor3 have sent the treatment I had tried more thaa
Tha «,,itfi,«j Ony " . one- standard remedy, but the results.
The only kidney remedy thus bucked A.
by HOME PROOF Is Doan's Kidney * 3 far as st °PP |n « the trouble, were
Pills. If you suffer backache, rheu- - lust . as rcr "otely in the distance as
matic pain, sick headaches or dizzy when I first noticed that my kidney*
\u25a0 sa!y?~ii^iiVl e ?™ n % IS lrre «f" ular . P as : were, out of order. A sure indication
sages scanty, too frequent or painful . j .». t . , ...
and discolored, containing a sandy sed- tnat ln some wa y tne action of my kid-
imenu If you are run down, weak. Lan- neys was upset was too frequent action,
fegin^^ n n^wnh a soan^'Ki k dney S?S ot the kldnt>y *™"«<>™' a <^ d to the
the remedy that* cured your neighbor' backache, particularly if I contracted a
feMnovV"^] 1 ** 13 and » tlmulates sick cold. For the last six months there has
kidneys, ensures constant purification . \u25a0
of the blood in the kidneys, drives out not be *' n an indication ° { either excited
all uric poisons and cures permanently, or weakened kidneys."
Sold by all drngglata. .Price sOc. Foster- 3Wt>urxi Co«. Buffalo. V- Prop's.
SCHMITZ HOLDS FIRST
MEETING IN OPEN AIR
Mayor and Other Candidates Speak During
the Noon Hour at the Union Iron Works.
Mayor Schmitz began his series of open
air meetings yesterday when he ad
dressed the workmen of the Union Iron
•Works. With the Mayor were many of
the \u25a0 nominees of the Union Labor party
and they were all Introduced to
the noonday assemblage. He spoke
shortly on the issues of the cam
paign and "gave ~ as" one result
of his ' administration the estab
lishing of the Potrero Emergency Hos
pital for the benefit of those who were
injured at the works. At the conclusion
of his address he was presented with
a large floral piece made of roses and
fern, the gift of the Boilermakers' and
Shipbuilders' Union. The presentation
speech was made by Thomas Egan.
Mayor Schmitz is not wearying in his
fight for his chair and the success of the
ticket upon which. he stands. Every day
sees an increase in the number of the
meetings at which he speaks. His voice
has nearly recovered from the strain of
the first week and once more the Mayor's
vigorous tones can be heard in every part
of even the largest of the halls. Last
night he addressed six gatherings in vari
ous sections of the city. The first was at
Potrero Opera House, Tennessee street.
UNCLE SAM MAY
PROSECUTE THEM
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO. Nev., Oct. 19. — Smarting under
the action of the body of citizens who
moved the Sparks postofflce from Its
location last night, residents of the
city who live ln the vicinity from
which the office was moved have an
nounced their Intention of moving lt
back to Its original location. That
their proposed action will be met with
a strong resistance is certain, as a ma
jority of the citizens are in favor of
the new location. The action of the
people last night took a majority of the
citizens by surprise and they were at a
where a great crowd wa3 gathered.
Nearly all cf the candidates of the Union
Labor ticket appeared on the platrorin
and spoke a few words.
•laennerbund Hall was well filled and
gave Major Schmitz an ovation when
he entered the building. Charles Meinert
was the presiding officer.
The largest meeting of the^ evening was
held at the rooms of the Building Trades
Council, 927 Mission street. An overflow
meeting was held upstairs to satisfy the
crowd. Mayor Schmitz spoke at both,
"Let me beseech you." he said, "to
vote the ticket straight. Do not pick a
few men here and there and vote for
them. This is a ticket of which every
one of us may be proud and every ona
cf us should support .It from top to bot
tcm. This is not a fight politically on
the part of the wage earners, it Is a nght
to preserve the integrity of the labor
unions in this city. A vote for any one
of the Fusion candidates is a vote for
the Citizens' Alliance. Study over the
question and then judge the future by
the past."
The last speech was delivered at th 9 *.
smoker held by the Carmen in Eagles'
Hall. Richard Cornelius presided over
this gathering. -*- T
loss to know where the office was lo
cated when they went to the usual
place to obtain their mail. While it ia
the general opinion of a majority of
the citizens that the new location is far
more convenient for the people, still
they are inclined to condemn the man
ner In which It was carried out. The
postmaster admitted to-day that he
was a party to the action and was la
favor of the move.
United States District Attorney Sum
merfield stated to-day that lt was his
opinion that the postar laws of the
Federal Government had been grossly
violated and that the Government will
probably act in the matter, although he
has not y«t received any orders to that
effect. The opinion of the postmaster
is that he acted in accordance with his
rights and that the Government cannot
take any action ln tho matter, as no
Federal laws were violated.
BUDAPEST. Oct. 19.— Witt th» exwptloa
or Andres Gyoergti. whose portfolio aj Mtn
ister of Agriculture has been given to Baron
Arthur FeilUach. the Fejervary Cabinet. *aaet
ted to-day. Is the same as that appointed or
General Baron Fejervary on June 13 last.ALLEGE STEAL
OF BANK FUNDS
Former President of West
ern National of Louisville
Indicted on Ten Counts
NOW IN PORTO RICO
Said to Have Netted $198,013
by EmbezzleWnt.False En
tries and Misappropriation
Louisville. Oct. I?.— w. b. smith.
former president cf the Western National
Bank cf this city, was indicted to-day
by the Federal Grand Jury on ten counts,
charging him with embezzlement, making
false entries and misappropriation of
funds of the bank.
Thfe Total defalcation charged in the
indictments is i*ijS t OI3. divided as follows:
False entries. $135,966; misappropriation,
$12,&47; cmbezzzlement. 550.000.
Smiih is said to be in Porto Rico, and
it is alleged a cablegram has been .re
ceived from him saving he would return
to Louisville on October 29.
Smith formerly took a prominent part
in church affairs and taught a class in
the- Broadway Methodist Sunday school
cf Pac.uc.ah. He owned an interest in the
Ledger. He also had stock in the Jack
son Whig, a newspaper published at
Jackson, Term.
He wes formerly president of the Peo
ple's Home Purchasing Company of Padu
cah. which is nov." in the hands of a
receiver, a fraud order having been is
sued against it by the Government several
months ago.
Banker Denny Ik Released.
WILJLISTON, X. D.. Oct. 19.— "\V. H. Denny.
cashier of the First National Bank, who was
esret-ted on a ciiarjre of h-v:r.g received stolen
horse*, was- discharge J pestenlay because of a
3s<-k of sufficient evJ.J^nce to warrant hoM
it'S the accused. IX-nny. it was alleged,
was disposing of horses which an organized
Sfns of horse thieve* !n Eastern llontana and
Northwestern Dakota v^re stealing from farm
ers.
CAPTrriKD SHIPS I.V U.\E
IX JAPAN'S XAVAL REVIEW
TT>KIO. Oct. Ifl.— Although it has not yet
been officially announced, it Is exp^tei that
the naval revit-x \u25a0win take place on October 23
in Tokto Rey. Th* Fhlps \ri!! be arranged In
s»ven co'.umnF, tstendinir from Yokohama to
]\u25a0':-.:. ele. a distance of fully ten miles, viith the
captured ships leadinp the Hue. The review
v.-ii! b> on J v.ar footing and there will be no
banquet attorn aid. After the review the com
bined fleet formation will be flis»clre4.
: ADX^EKTISEMEXTS.
I A Wisconsin live stock
man recently testified
before the Interstate Com-
merce Commission in Chi-
cag-o that he shipped cattle to
Chicago by the way of St*
Paul, three hundred miles
further than by a direct line,
because it was cheaper that
way.
This is but one of the many
paradoxes of freight rates
which Ray Stannard Baker
will explain in his series of
papers entitled "The Rail-
roads on Trial," the first
number of which, "The Rail-
road Rate," will be begun in
the November McCLURE*S.
On sale at all news stands
next Wednesday. Price 10
cents.
S. S. McCLURE COMPANY
44-6O East 23d Street
NEW YORK
BARGAIN
Save $2 50, the middleman's profit, by
buj-ine from us. Trunk built with heavy
brass trimmings, wat«r-prooif canvas
cover, tray with het box. «xtra dress tray,
c]oth-fac«d. Fln« line traveling bags and
suit ca»<»s 60 per cent cheaper than el&e-
•»rh»re.
J. MARTY CO.
Trunk and Bas: Manufacturers,
23 TURK ST., S. F.
Repairing. Phone Foliom 2812.
AX OLD IDEA
Sbovrn to be Absolutely False by Mod-
ern Science.
People used to think that baldness
was one of those things which are
handed down from generation to gen-
eration, from father to son — just like
a family l:eirloom.
'\u25a0Science has shown the falseness of
this beltef by proving that baldness lt-
fcif is not a constitutional disease, but
the result of a germ invasion of which
only Ilerpicide can effectually rid the
scalp.
Washing only cleans the scalp of
dandruff, it doesn't kill the germs.
"Destroy the cause you remove ihe
effect."
Xowbro's Herpicide will do this in
evry case. It is also a delightful
dressing
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c.
la stamps for sample to The Herpicide
Co.. Detroit Mich. At leading drug
stores or sent prepaid from Detroit.
Mich., upon receipt of $1.00.
j|v?CJT OR, JORDAN'S g*cat4
H-HJSEUS OF AMTOBYi
W )%£r TT>9l*r*ert tnm'imM-tl llbkmt la th« *[
A $!•__ ITori*: W««icD»tuw« «\u25a0 wf eemrarW A
C 4tfQ?-*,TS tir.urr rx^ltl > <-!t cc B r'<l !>t «li* »K;»i 9
4 $&H\ G3 - «BDAH-O!SEASES OF «EX 1
\ V^^TijS Owttairutloo tm sad Btrtett^ rri»«» \
• & t V >J?«F B 7"«wient p^renuil'y or by lcuer. A A
W ft. 'f^\y /\u25a0»•\u25a0"'• «-«tjlb e>*Tf cast ca4*f**i»n. 7
i^ if (;'> Kfritf ftwß<»t.sp»«»i-o*onHir s «ri
\ « p n*Kni»cu 'aius :ue A 9
i, ii U TM*uAt* bock tar (kj.j A
Ahvay* ileni2?^er the Fall /*§ase
g asabve tfVnnine
CsresaCcldiaOneDay, Grip in 2 Days
J£ P7£j£f on«very
€9. yVTX^J^^ box. 25c
VARIED DEALS
DE M'CURDY
President of New York Mu
tual Life Participates in
Fifteen Outside Syndicates
TRUST COMPANIES AIDED
Prosper Through Use of In
surance Funds Advanced
at Low Interest Rates
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— Richard A.
McCurdy. president of the Mutual Life
Insurance Company, made the state
ment to-day that he had no Intention
of resigning, that he was elected' to
serve until June 7 next, and that
nothing could or would drive him out.
It was announced from ' th-» District
Attorney's office that no action would
be taken regarding the George J. Plun
kitt affair, which was turned over to
the District Attorney yesterday by the
legislative committee that is investi
gating the insurance companies.
Closing one of the most sensational
and stretruous weeks of the Insurance
investigation, the committee, just be
tore adjournment to-day, concluded
the examination of Richard A. Mc-
Curdy, with the exception of a few de
tails he is to supply next week. Mc-
Curdy has been on the stand the
greater part of the three days of this
weeks session, and some of his testi
mony has been the most startling of
any that has been adduced before the
committee. His testimony to-day, how
ever, -was very much of a technical na
ture, though it was of much value to
the committee in its work.
TRUST COMPANIES PROSPER.
When he resumed the stand this
morning it was to take up his testi
mony as to the Mutual Life's connec
tion with trust companies. The infor
mation given by McCurdy disclosed
that the trust companies with which
the Mutual Life was connected became
very prosperous soon after they "were
taken up by the Mutual. Two cases in
point were the Morristown Trust Com
pany at Morristown, N. J-, where the
McCurdy family live, and the United
States Mortgage and Trust Company.
The former Is now controlled by. the
Mutual Life. McCurdy testified/ that,
besides being a director of this trust
company, he was a large stockholder
and would take more stock if he could
get it.
The Mutual Life keeps a balance of
not lees than $i!U0,000 with this com
pany, on which it draws from 2 to 3
per "cent. The latter rate has been paid
only since September. McCurdy did not
know the holdings of the other mem-
Ijers of his family in this company.
In the syndicate operation, McCurdy
said, he participated not with the idea of
drawing- bonds, but to obtain his share
of the commission allowed by bankers.
CARRIES HEAVY INSURANCE.
McCurdy was asked what life Insurance
he carried, and he was unable to say at
once, but James M. Beck, his counsel,
presented a statement showing when the
policies were taken out, for what amount*
and the plan. These aggregated $200,000,
all in the MutuaL McCurdy testified that
he was also Insured in the Equitable, the
Wasnington and the Connecticut Mutual.
Before he left the stand McCurdy said
he paid $4500 for his apartment in the
Grosvenor building, which is owned by
the Mutual. x -
When McCurdy was excused his son,
Robert H. McCurdy, was called to ex
plain some charges for traveling ex
penses in 1904. He said one of his duties
as general manager was to visit the
agencies about the country. Three such
trips were made, the expenses of which
aggregated about $3600. McCurdy said
that while on one trip he was accom
panied by his father, mother, wife and
the latter's maid, but that the expense
accounts were for himself individually
and did not include those of any other
member of his family or party. He had
a private car on one of these trips. He
could not tell why the expenses. on these
trips were .so large, but said he would
give the details later.
McCurdy was followed by W. W. Rich
ards, comptroller of the Mutual, who ex
plained the manner in which the Mutual
acquired come properties by foreclosure.
McCURDVS SYNDICATE DEALS.
During the day President McCurdy
banded in the following lists of syndi
cates in which both he and the Mutual
Life Insurance Company wtre interested:
Participation of
Syndicate — McCurdy. Profits.
Tblrd Avenue $100,000 $1746
Chicago. B. & Q 50,000 12«6
Oregon Ebort Line 60.100 1133
Pennsylvania Railroad ... IWU.WW IW4
Republic of Cuba. 6% 100,000 3450
Uo Im synd. sub 60.000 2442
Japaneee tie, flr»t «erl««.. 60,000 876
Do 2d eeriee 60, U» 1730
Japaneee 4*i» 75,000 1688
Oregon Short Line "5,1)00 1502
Southern Pacific 4s 150,000 8725
U. S. of Mex. 4» 100.000 3001
Atch.. Top. & Santa Fe... 60,000 802
Japanese 4^9 -76.000
Perm. R. R. 3',i eonv 60.000 ....
McCurdy said that he had never
beard, nor did he believe, that any of
ficer of the Mutual Life Insurance Com
pany had any interest In the corpora
tion liquidation company, through
which the Mutual disposed of Its real
estate holdings in Brooklyn.
He said that the purchase of the Bank
of California by the Mutual Life In
surance Company was investigated by
the finance committee of the Mutual
and that he did not believe any of
the Mutual trustees were much inter
ested In the bank. He eaid he did not
believe that the shares of the bank
were bought by the Mutual at a price
higher than that paid by the ordinary
stockholders.
CAMPAIGN" CONTRIBUTION'S.
"Has the Mutual Life, to your knowl
edge, ever contributed to the campaign
fund of any candidate, for judicial of
fice in the city of New York?" asked
Hughes. • '','^';; i'-^-"No;i '-^-
"No; I cannot conceive such a thing
to be possible," replied McCurdy.
He added that.lt was very likely that
he had been solicited by the agents of
a political-party for campaign contribu
tions, but he could not remember by
whom.
"Were you solicited for a campaign
contribution In 1836, and by what
party?"
"My mind is a blank as -to that. The
talk about campaign contributions was
vague, and, if I might say. In the air.
I cannot remember if I contributed, but
I may have been solicited." ,
( McCurdy paid he was not present at
Uny meeting of Insurance people at
which campaign contributions were
discussed.
KINDELL SCORES FIRST POINT.
Defends Himself In Action for Alleged
Libel of Late Henry C. Hyde.
DK?vX'ER, Ort. 19.— George J. Klndell. a
prominent merchant of Denver, against whom
Informations were filed come months ago hy
DiFtrict Attorney Stlpuf-r. charging libel of the
mtmorr of the lats Henry C. Hyde, fpunder of
the Equitable Ufe AasurtDn Society, was ar
raigned in the Criminal. Court to-day. Klndell
conducted hte own defense and wa* acquitted
on. the flrrt count .of. the Indictment. . He will
be tried on the three remaining counts • to-mor
row \u25a0 \u25a0 --JhLAMBMHdSHHSta \u25a0
THE \SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER • 20, 1905.
THIEVES TAKE
$10,000 IN GEMS
liob 31rs. Hoadley, Wife of
the President of the
American Bridge Company
TWO ARRESTS MADE
Waiter and Former Bellboy
in Buckingham Hotel at
New York Are Suspected
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— Mrs. George W.
Hoadley. wife of the manager of the- In
ternational Power Company and presi
dent of the American Bridge Company,
wee robbed of $10,000 in. diamonds at her
home in the Buckingham Hotel late Tues
day night. The fact became known with
the arrest to-day of John Yorke, a waiter,
and Albert Sehultz, who until two weeks
ago was a bellboy at the hotel.
When the prisoners were arraigned in
the Police . Court the magistrate re
manded them until to-morrow. Neither
suspect would talk m court, except to
deny the charge.
A detective says he has evidence that
two or three nights before Mrs. Hoadley's
jewels were stolen Sehultz, in disguise,
entered the dining hall unrecognized and
went upstairs to the floor on which is
the Hoadley apartment. On the same
night a key to the apartment on the
same floor occupied by a guest named
Murray was lost or stolen.
The list of stolen jewels included a
necklace of fifty-seven pearls, a pearl and
diamond dog collar; a diamond and pearl
crescent pin. a ring, two pearls sur
rounded 1 by diamonds, a pearl and dia
mond ring, a marquis diamond ring, a
pearl scarf pin, eagle head and diamond
eyes, and a gold watch.
PRESENCE OF MIND
SAVES BUSINESS MAN
He Calmly Receives Caller
AVI 10 Points Revolver at
His Head.
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— A tall, well
dressed Middle-aged man walked Into
the private office of Wlnfield Sulily on
Broadway yesterday, drew a revolver.
an<3, pointing the weapon at the head
of Sully, said: "I am going: to collect
that money."
Sally turned quickly.
"We'll talk it over." he said. The
visitor sat down, and detectives, who
had been summoned by a clerk, dis
armed the visitor, who said he \vaa Ed
ward Brown. SS years 6t age. a broker
of Hempsted, L* I.
"Sully owes me some money, and I
thought this was the only way to get
It," he said to the detectives.
Brown a lew years ago owned a large
country, place opposite # that of August
Beliaont at Hempsted. He sold his
place and promoted several large deals
In South America. While engineering
one of these schemes he had a slight
sunstroke. This affected him seriously
for some time and at times caused him
to a;t strangely.
He was locked up. Sully said he had
no ceallngs with Brown.
SAYS JAPANESE IX HAWAII
TEACH LOYALTY TO .MIKADO
Dr. Scndder. of Honolulu Pleads For
.Missionary Work In the
Islands.
TV'OaCESTER. Mnss.. Oct. 10.— At a meet
ing ' o" the American Missionary Association
to-day. Rev. .Dr. Doremus Scudder of Hono
lulu, pleaded for the establishment of Chris
tianity as the religion of the islands, pointing
out :1 at the Japanese living there maintain
sen c fifty schools to teach' their children
J>;u-.lh:sm and the Japanese language. - They
aieo t-?ach loyalty, not. he asserted, to the
Stars and Stripes primarily, but to the Em
peror of Japan. ..- . .
Special .Notice.
The Scotch Plaid Tailors will open at 85 Third
street us a strictly union house, every garment
bearing the union label. Max Gross. Prop. •
FOUR WOMEN* SERIOUSLY
HURT IX .AUTO ACCIDENT
Run Into by Motor While on Way
Home Front Theater Party In
Pittsburgh
PITTSBURG, Oct. 19.— T0-night, when a
party of seven ladies were returning home frcm
a theater party given by t Mrs. J. |M. Gufty,
an automobile going at a rapid rats crashed
into the party, seriously and probably fatally
injuring Mrs. Eugene Lappe, Mrs. Minnie
Castle Davis, Mies Lillian Delamster and Miss
Gertrude Krlseensen.
*W ' C.The selection of the Mason & Hamlinr^^
M Piano by the World's Premier Pianist,
B ndrolcl Bauer n
1 for his second American tour has been T
I justified by the plaudits of enthusiastic ll
A audiences for both Artist and Piano. UL
U XL A more recent triumph for the Mason fl
II & Hamlin has been its selection for ex- if
If elusive use by 'The Institute of Musical \,
R Art* of the City \of New York; of which •Jr
J9 : 'Mr. Frank Damrosch is This j\
ll .choice was made after the most exhaustive *fi
Jl tests and in ciirect competition, with the [I
Vk leading pianos of the: world. Mason & V
JH Haralin quality tells the story. Easy fl
|f payments apply. . Lf
IX 931-933 Market St., San Francisco, Cal. Bj9
\ftJ Brioches— Oakland, Sacramento, San Jose, San Diego, Santa Rosa, EsZl
I^s . Reno, Nev.; Phoenix, Ariz. : _Bma
DEVLIN MAY
PAY IN FULL
Report of Eeceivers Shows
His Assets to Reach- Near
ly Five Million Dollars
PERSONALLY SOLVENT
One Item Which Is Still to
Be Reckoned With May Yet
.Put Balance on Other Side
TOPEKA. Kanj., Oct. IB.— The report
of the receivers filed to-day In the
United States District Court here,
showed the assets of C. J. Devlin, who
failed last July, to be $4,956,948, and
the direct liabilities $4,692,208. This in
dicates that the assets amount to near
ly half a million dollars more than the
direct liabilities. There is listed, how
ever. $1,039,379 in contingent liabili
ties, for which the receivers do not
know whether they are liable "or not.
Should it bo necessary to pay these, the
liabilities will exceed the assets by
$874,639.
Tho'most interesting item in the re
port is that one which deals with C. .T.
Devlin personally. This shows that his
personal assets amount to $1,747,41f1,
and that his direct liabilities are $904,
442.: This Is listed separately in the re
port because of the interwoven rela
tions existing between Devlin and his
several companies. Among the contin
gent liabilities is an item of $744,000
owed by the Southwestern Fuel Com
pany, in which Devlin was largely in
terested and which is in involuntary
bankruptcy.
MRS. TAGGART WILL FIGHT
TO RETAIN HER CHILDREN
Appeals From Decision of Judge aa t<*
Cuitody of the Two
Boys. .
WOOSTER, Ohio. Oct. 19.— That Mr». Grac»
Tapgart will make a long- flght for th» cus
tody of her song. Culver and Tlddles. wa&
mad* apparent to-night. Captain Taylor. Os«
of toe attorneys for Mra. Taggart, gave no
tlce of appeal from Judge Easoa's decision as
to the custody of the boys and a bond ot
94000 was furnished' so as to take the. mattet
to th« Circuit Court. •
The Ohio law which gives a child of ten
years or over the right to elect with whteh
parent be prefers to live Is to be mado thi
basis of the appeal. Thin action was hastened
by Captain Taggart sending- word that he
wanted Culver ready to leave with him to
night ' for Columbus, although he had not in
tended taking the boy away until Saturday.
FALSK ALARM OVER DIAMOXD
.VKGIvIiACE BELIEVED LOST
Bllsalns Grms Brought to Light by an
Employe, Who Had Hid
den Them.
KKW' YORK. Oct. 19.— A rirl employe 1 !
caution In hiding: a piece of diamond Jewelry
over night resulted In an alarm to-day that
a necklace worth several thousand dollars had
been stolen. Until the girl herself arrived to
reveal the hiding place of the missing jewels,
"William H. Soheer's manufacturing Jewelry es
tablishment at 452 Fifth avenue was closed to
every one except detectives end employes, the
latter being positively forbidden to leave the
place.
The girl, who works as a polisher, appeared
at work late, and said that, not having fin
ished burnisnlne the jewelry before the safe
was closed last night.' she had hidden it. Baf
fled detectives and the force of. employes were
then led by the grlrl to the place where- she
worked last night. There the jewel was still
concealed. \u25a0. • » . .. \u25a0 -
PURITY ASSOCIATIONS .
• FOR3I XATIOXAL BODY
Kindred Organization* Decide to Unite
to Carry on Their ."Work In
America.
LA CROSSE, Wls.. Oct. 19. — The National
Purity Conference to-day decided to effect a
national organization of the societies now
known as the National Purity Association, the
Northwestern Purity Association, the National
Christian Alliance ' for the promotion of purity
and the American Purity Alliance.
Officers were elected as follows: President,
B. S. Steadwell. La Crosse. Wis.; secretary.
Sidney C. Kendall. Lon* Beach, Cal.; vice
president. Dr. Dr. Katherine Bushnell, Okla
homa City. The national convention of 1906
will be held In Chicago. \u0084
OFFICIAL OF CLEVELAND
ACCUSED OF EMBEZZLEMENT
John J. Kelly Charged With Having
Failed to Account for Seven
Thousand Dollars.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, October 19.— John .J.
Kelly, clerk of the City Market House Depart
ment, was arrested to-day on a warrant sworn
out by Director of Publlo Works Leslie. Kelly
Is charged with having failed to account for
$7429 in rentals collected from keepers of stalls
at public markets. He was released this even-
Ing on $15,000 bail. Kelly Is under bond for
$5000.
$ Doubly Attractive Fail Waists **'»'» Taffeta; 3
ll Attractive in Design and Workhiahship |
$ Attractive in Price to Ecohorriical Folks — : — ; — — — f :«
ff 1 nese \u25a0 are just tne. ribbons you want; tor ,*J
•J Our first shipments of Fall Waists proved so- popular, that the supply was nulEneiy purposes, "sasbo. :hair bow*, fancy*' .j
I .xhauyed m a few days. We ari glad to .he arrival of the tt£i2££Z*&; Sg, $
5 secccd great installment of the winter stock. Ladies who have been in- fght. blue, pink, reseda, navy. - o *
JC quiring for flannel, madras, batiste and novelty vesting waists at moderate brown end lavender, to-day and |^-C *5
If prices Will find a large Supply now at $1.25, $1.50 and $I'm7s Saturday. on sa»etabl« at, yard R *^** Jj
* \u25a0' Bckcs tied free of charge - 5
» /[£ '-<*ay w£"iL^\ K^^w^Si — Exactly as pic- . Jt
H wtMk \wM&W #7 lured - made of a Art Needlework %
i yp^^S if"*^i ver y dainty figured SpeCS3iS To-Bay *
» 38^ -i .-'^ffi 1 . vl $&^"7 allover wa is ting uu j » -t f l
k \u25a0 R**' " 3 ' " inky' "s*i M'&^va^ 1 • 1 rlall a dozen attractive articles tor home -^
* «RS!t*' J^3*^ m CrCam j dccoration ' Cluutetts fancy work, etc^ wUI >T
X y^V^S^^^^W : ;; ; jiA. ~*f^v&T i^C^^crv or ' m a c oun<^ niuch underpriced to-day on tne 5
5 /ZrfA vrti^tf&^^arrffllllH over a good I*"" 1 »!« ! « in our new Art Needle- "2
y^^\¥«lol^////OT fndia^klin- work Department on second floor. %
i ///A^WiwJ^K Etamine Pillow Ruff!ings-4^ yard, *
if // \u25a0\u25a0/JS* Mi'SM f;/y Ul l M long, floral and striped effects b all the jj
*l \V \i# /i^9Bl'/^t\A J»«,' >C <-^> ij yv\'^ire'r A'->/-i J ,• A tV. mt n landscape and hgursd desjgns ; bncht £
I -"\u25a0- d«««Adc-w^«h.:..wo S
\u25a0 'vmmWffl^^ym / iMM&fef^ Morale Scarfs —Of pure linen, with %
•£ /m! iff nI/IpJi I \mMV\(w!^^i £T> W* knotted fringe, very cheap at .. . 23 O "J
jf «ij ' Hill wLtMlii' w^ Lawn Squares and Scarfs— Hem- if
JJ Wash Waists— Bought to «eU at $2 and New Lawn Waists— Very fine and itock, each t2%0 S
g $2.25: 3 new one of which we pic- «heer. daintily embroidered front with yoke Teneriffe Dollies — Some with linen \
1 "t J° U I" 1 - J eaub { ull y. Ci CA made of veiy fine tuck- A/j /•- centers, some all lace; all of them dainty. X
I 3tftS?iSj. < 23r: HSU T lnsteado ! $2 : 7 D : :: JZ.25 • w^^^-* ••• & |
X Splendid line dress and evening waists, $7:50 to $25 ~ — — — g
g Toys at Half %
i W Bargains Hard to Beat <£$*$£ ¥g£is£ti Iz z
JC To-day there uHU be on sale in their various departments or on om F !ISm pl : *« *« V
| sales tables, main aisle, little necessities at little prices. SooSduSSdlSS":": ' |
X tOO for Lawn Chemisettes— lace insertion* and medallion*— worth 25c SOO, $1*23 *
5 120 for Shell Back Combs— «ilt tubing on top— worth double. &£M 50c guns (shoot rubber ball) .. . . 25 O 5l
X 500 for three-quarter length Silk Gloves— pure, silk-black 75c kind. $330 combinatoa game board, plays 65 -J
» 350 for Women s Hand Embroidered Hose — black, tan, gray— worth 50c games $1*75 «
J 8C yard for Huck Crash— bleached, 18 inches wide— big 10c value. 50c doll's parlot furniruio sets ... 250 X
** JL C for ™? mea ' % C**^ Cambric Handkerchiefs— good ones— worth double. 25c and 50c kid body dolls . 120, 25c §
£ SOO for Silver Deposit Cologne Bottles— red. white and green— formerly 75c. 25c and 50c dressed dolls . . 1 20, 25c *
X fj»O ounce for Piver's Geisha Bouquet Perfume— regularly ounce 75c. 95c crokmole board 47© $
Jf tOO for 25c can Dr. Graves' Tooth Powder — recommended by dentists. " 3
%' WO for 25c box Kirk's delicately perfumed, hard-milled Soaps. * " * r ""^"" ?
i •\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0••;-, Genuine Yokel Clocks *
| What Do You Want to Pay 48c odyaEmit- *
$ For Your Boys' New Suit? • Ed quantity of these <£&£&&>\u25a0 ?
X \ $3--$4--SS~S6 • r> rettyl^^ g?locks c^^^^ i
S . . *"^ ***** v* i ' Correct imitation of «
g Whatever the price is The Emporium is prepared to sell you the besf the large fine cuckoos. SS^ilyi? i
5 suit you ever bought at the price. This year we placed the largest orders Ivory hands and §^J5« • S
J in our history for Juvenile Clothing. We selected materials, had the suits bronze weight, while tSjpp^ \ S
» made up just as we wanted them, we secured every price concession that quantity lasts, 48c 5
J largest dealers can possibly secure— so this season we are giving you better &^~ri& ' x
J suits for the same money, and, in many instances, better suits for less money 0,,-.« C nnt M ©*.*». \. '%
| than we have been obbged to charge before. . ; rUrB tOOtS SIIOW jt
JJ Russian Suits for boys 2%t0 8 years, /^^ w Butter 420 $
ff little beauties; made from pretty mixtures H»^*7 #^\ Visit ths man 7 ioctAs to-day and get "5
| in brow M and gray and navy blue go U^ P^ Z tS^Wg&Z! STZ \
ft serges; really worth $1 more • . V« Jl&sfi\ W>i now being demonstrated by a large /ores '2
2 . PrVvf^X—; i~7il<&y^ of exbert demonstrators •
j^ Norfolk and Two-Piece Suits for boys \u25a0 \f&Km^S^^mU «>wnsirators. \u0084
| 7, to 16 years; knickerbockers or plain ?*M^T^SI/J Bu £ X T~~!:*T y jc™ Crcam «y |
J pants, as you prefer; double se^U, double M^ ,WM ifV^tl \
j knees, stoutly sewn; the .Norfolk* in plaids ffflggfg» Chow Chow-C &B. (or pickle,) 40t S
J and mixtures; two-piece suits plaids, Jim #V :' *&k\ MOM£§\ iize *' * 3S °S 25c nzc ". . . 22c *
X ' stripes, mixtures and navy blue cheviots. -MV.v. . Molasses— No. 1 gaL SSn %
J Sold all over for $5, here for • . --. : /Bfc\!: - flilPi No. 2. gaL . . ... .*.*. [ " 650 *
S ,: •••'/••,*• ' • * ;. ' ' • £lWml? \u25a0 | f|i MHchner Herrings -Latge and fat. 5
If Three-Plece Suits— Our spedal $5 3-piece suits V-'mW: L5 .-\L 6 tor ........... ,280 '5
*J \u25a0 for boys 9to 16 give, absolute satiif action; cut and; \V "\i^ : - wl "' jfl Red Salmon— Fancy Alaska, IscquaEty, M
fit are perfect; made of newest mixtures, blue serge . vfc\V :: " : - «3 'nr dozen .. . $ImOss n*a -... Qc •*
j^ or blue or black chwot; can't be dupli- <£fl* 7. - Vji \?F -i Vi -BF * Swiss Cheese— Best EmenthaL lb 290 «
| catedatthepnee . ........ M ft " Vellowstone Whlsky-Speda'l bot- |
r d Buster, Sailor or Russian Suits — Very '\u25a0•^^• :^^* &F& J?® tie. $ImOs %
H fine and dressy styles for boys . . - . &* —C:'"r A V H ni« ti«n l %
J» 2% to 10 years; white buster tie •. i . SI 33
%? collar and Urge silk bow with " -^ 3^ VVhlf^ u,'ina>' c \* "*^ **
ft 1 • »« * •\u25a0 r yVO mA* -~ »niie Wines — oauterne or ,f
JC each suit Matenab finest serge ... J^ f '- •" ReisfingJScqualiry.KaLeSo 3«
* m color and corduroy, m tan, +jJfrf C grf>MS/ fa/tyf gg g ffT Old Crow Whliky-Reg- '2
&= Entrance. . mei^^J&Ba****— AMERICA'S GRANQZST STOPS • • 4Oc f pint . . 250 V
2f * — — — — — I -'•\u25a0•• ;::;;':: : " • - " - — —I —I
SAYS BOILERS
WERE DEFECTIVE
Lieutenant Commander Hal
stead Gives Testimony at
the Bennington Inquiry
Special XHapatoh to The Call.
VAiLBJO. Oct. 19.— 1f the opinions
of the two expert witnesses introduced
by the defense In the court-martial \u25a0of
Commander ' Luclen YounJ; are accept
ed the prosecution's six days' effort to
establish certain facts through the tes
timony of Lieutenant Commander Bart
lett .will have proved futile.
Commander Ransom, who was on the
stand yesterday, laid the foundation
for the defense's theory that the ex
plosion on the Banning ton was caused
by the defective construction of the
boiler and that, a few dollars spent in
better rivets would have prevented the
catastrophe.
. Lieutenant Commander Alexander
Halstead, navigating: officer of the Chi
cago, who -was a member of the board
of inquiry that convened at San Diego,
was called this morning as an expert
for the defense. He stated that he had
served as an officer of the old engineer
ing corps of the navy from 1885 un
til 1898, when .the corps was abolished.
He added interest to his testimony by
stating that he was the engineering
officer of the United States steamship
Bennington for a period of \u25a0 eighteen
months from 1893. While the witness
was ' attached to . the Bennington the
valves of -the various boilers were re
garded as unreliable. The rolling of
the ship 'caused' them to soon become
unsettled ,eveir' aXtar frequent adjust
ment. Halstead did not remember, the
condition of the i lifting gear of the
valves.
'In answer to a" question a« to the
condition"- of the; rivets .' of the boiler
when they wereTexamined '\u25a0 by him at
San Diego. :Halstead; stated that they
were thin and corroded. "\u25a0; He "said they
either 'had been' faultily constructed or
had worn thin. Halstead again con
tradicted- Bartlett's -testimony by
stating : that he ' did not find any oil in
his *•' examination of boiler' "B" < and> he
did not a think that. the crowh'sheet
came down from : overheating by f: the
oil. : The entire f afternoon was taken
up with cross-examination .of. Halstead
and little* of Importance was brought
OUtrV : ;•. *.'. ;.,.., \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ." •-\ ' \u25a0 ..'".'.•:\u25a0
-WANTS DOLLAR BACK.— M. Emanuel yes
terday • attached ; F. "W. Gerlaco -on- a > suit . to
recover $1 paid the Utter a who wu subpenaed
as witness in' another case,* but never put In an
appearance.','. The ccsta In ths attachment case
amount ialready to $7. '-- - • • i- .
MRS. CHAD WICK'S JEWELS
BRING BUT SMALL PRICE
Xlne Pieces Sold for Total of Little
Over Two . Thousand
. Dollars. •
CLEVELAND, ' Oct. 19.— JTlns pieces of
Jewelry formerly owntd by Mrs. Cassis .L.
Chadwlck. seized .. by the customs authorities
for non-payment of duties, were sold at auc
tion In the United States Marshal's ofnc* to
day. The total amount | bid \u25a0 was 12317. con
siderably less than the appraised " value. The
largest piece was a < ring with a diamond
setting- weighing ; slightly over seven karats,
which was sold for 1665. The appraised value
was WOO. ' -
The Honest Value 52.50 Saoes for 3len
Wear like Iron; quality, superior to any J2.SO
shoe on the market; "6 stylesu 18 Fourth *t. •
Mikado to Visit Temple of Ise.
TOKIO. Oct. 19.— The Official Gazetta in an
extra Issue to-day announces that the Rmperor
will proceed to the Temple of Ise to report" the
conclusion of . peace with Russia. The date of
bis journey bas not yet been fixed. A personal
visit by the Emperor to thjs temple is a rare
event. - - - - , v^..' ! >- -*'-
S^TEADY NERVES^
§|JlnjM Clear heads and keen eyes when I;
fe^lgiS * hunting ancUfor a refreshing,: j
!^>"lOi wholesome tonic stimulant after I
SOUTH MAY PAY DITTY . * * .; 5-.
FOR MISS ROOSEVELT
Plan Stt on Foot to Collect tho Neces
sary Sixty Thousand
Dollars.
ATLANTA. Ga.. Oct. 19.— A xaemraestt has
been started hers to rals« by popular ruS
scription In ths Bcmth 130, C00. or a sufSctant
amount to pay the duty on ta» presents be
stowed upon Miss Alice Roosevelt during her
trip to th« Orient. Tn» plan Is Intended t»
show the appreciation of the Stwtlx for th»
President's recent "efforts In behalf, of peaon
between Russia and Japan, m tnaagnrattss:
the construction of th« Isthmian canal tsd
other. acts of hta adminlatration which hav^
endeared him to the people of aU sscUona
without regard to political affiliation*.
Dlsouss Irrigation Project.
RED BLUFF. Oct. 10.— An Important public
meeting- was held m the Courtheus* last ni^ht.
Tha purpose ot the. meeting was .to form, a
"VVater Users' Association la. th«. reiion' trlbu
taiy ta Redbank Creek and place. ths. fanners
in a position to negotiate with th« Oovenunrat
relative to the construction -of reservoirs. 'W.
F. Lunlnr. S. R. Schoanf e!4 and Herbert
Sampson were appointed delegate to the meet-
Ins of the Bacramento Valley D«Telopm*nt As
sociation on Saturday next.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
WOMAN SHIELDS
ERRING FATHER
Mrs. Xix Kef uses .to Tell
Even Fiance That She Is
Daughter of Charles Lloyd
TESTIFIES IN COURT
Her Suit to Recover Share
of Charles Lloyd Estate
Is (j'oiiig On in Oakland
OAKLAND. Oct. 19.-So careful was
tin. Bessifr Lloyd Nix to conceal the
fact that the was the daughter of Charles
la. Lloyd, the capitalist, for a part of
vhote fortune- she is fighting, that she did
not tc-11 tyen ber hu.»l)und of l:er rela
tionship to Lloyd until after she and Nix
vtie married. The woman says she
promised Lloyd that she would not di
vulg* h's secret; it is the purpose of her
ctt^rnejs 10 prove that she kept her
I'romise and that the dead capitalist,
time out of mind, told her and others
that she would receive by his will a
child's shar«", or two-fifteenths, of the
estate, which is variously estimated at
from 8380.009 to J500.0i.t0.
Late this afternoon Samuel G. Nix,
hueband of the contestant, took the
stand In Judge Ellsworth's court and told
bow he had met Bessie Lioyd in the
Davis block, at Eleventh and Washing
ton streets: how he had wooed her and
finally won her and had taken her and
bet mother to live ai Sixteenth and Clay
eirtrts, where Lloyd also lived.
"At any time prior to your marriage,
did Jou know the woman who is now
your wife was Lloyd's daughter?" asked
Attorney M. C. Chapman for the con
testant. \u25a0.""
Attorney W. S. Goodfellow, for the
heirs, objected to the question and Judge
Ellsworth asked its purpose.
KEPT SECItJST WELL.
i "We propose to show," said Chapman.
j slowly, "that this woman kept faith with
her father so far that she even deceived
the man she married until after the
wedding."
The question" was allowed and Nix re
plied that he had been kept in ignorance.
After he learned of the relationship, he
testified he went to Lloyd's home in
Berkeley and was assured by the cap
italist that Mrs. Nix would receive a
child's share, or two-fifteenths, of the es-'
tate.
"> It is the contention of Lloyd's widow
*nd four children that Mre. Nix is enti
tled only to the T5OOO bequeathed to her. in
. the capualists will. On the other hand,
she asserts that she is the natural daugh
ter of the decedent and that he brought
her and her mother from England, prom
ising to provide for them during their
lives. When he did not do that, she al
leges, she taxed him with his neglect,
and he promised to bequeath a. child's
chare in the estate to her, provided she
would aid him in promoting his third
marriage. She cays she did this and
through her influence Mary Crossly be
came his wife. In order to do this the
greatest secrecy in regard to his first,
or common-law,, marriage, was main
tained.
When the case was called this morn
ing Mrs. Nix was subjected to a rapid
tire of crow-questions, but she kept well
her selt-control and many of her answers
were of dramatic interest. After asking
several questions as to Lloyd's reasons
for keeping matters secret from Mary
Crossly, Goodfellow asked:
"Why was such eecrecy observed here?"
ENGAGED TO ANOTHER.
"He was also engaged to Mies Loie
Helen Wilkinson and all sorts of things
were going on in the house," replied the
witness, theatrically. "There is no reason
to bring them out here."
Then the witness, under cross-examina
tion, repeated her story of yesterday;
how she had broken off her engagement
to a Mr. Moffitt in England to bring her
mother to California; how Bhe had been
pressed for money and how she finally
married Sam Nix; how Lloyd had prom
ised to give her a child's ishare in the
estate and had failed. Letters were in
troduced to show that she had always
addressed her father as "Charles," but
*he explained this by saying it was a
.part of the plan for secrecy arranged by
Lloyd. A letter written by her to Lloyd
.in June, 1890, stated that it was his own
proposition to give her mother $23 a
month and to supply her with money
elso and It ended by demanding that the
capitalist give them 1500 pounds. Upon
the receipt of this amount the letter
isaid, Lloyd would not be troubled by
them again.
: "I need not remind you of the past
years," the letter continued. "Doubt
less, they are as well impressed on your
mind as on ours, the trouble of which can
never be erased. It is certainly the best
thing now to have an -understanding; also
release you from any responsibility which
our presence holds."
John A. Britton, of the Oakland Gas,
Light and Heat Company, was called, but
his testimony was not important. While
Interested in the lighting business with
Lloyd, he said he heard Lloyd speak of
& wife at Sixteenth and Clay streets.
The hearing will be resumed Monday.
WANTS TO RILE WAIFS.
OAKLAND, Oct. 19. — Guardianship proceed
'injrs were brought to-iiay. by Miss Helen
Swett, as secretary for the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children, to get the
custody of ar. odd assortment of waifs, some
of then abandoned and others who are alleged
to-be living in disreputable homes.
' There are six of them. Ernest Louk is but
10 years of age. Agnes Gray Is 11. Louise
Hooeer is 11. and these three are said to have
been abandoned and homeless. Then there are
'Her*. Marie and Joseph Alameda. aged,- re
spectively. 17. 14 and 10. who are living In a
home said to be an unfit plsce for them..
DEATH CALLS WILLIAM JOSEPH —Oak
land, Oct. 19.— William Jospph. formerly su
perintendent of construction of the Oakland
Traction Comoany. <J>fd last night at his
home, 1537 Grove etreet, aged 39 y*-ars
He leaves a widow and four children
Skin Diseases
are cured by
Glycozone
Endonti by the Medical Prcfetsion.
By destroying germs, they as-
sist nature to accomplish a cure.
Send thirty-five cents to pay ex-
pressage on Free Trial Bottles.
Sold by Lf»d:r.f Driigrfst*.
If ot gentiitie unleu libel bears my *x patur* :
•'Y^^zzr- —
61 0 Prince Street. N. Y.
'.. Writ* fnr frcr- lnform.il lnn nhont
nvimowvi: nna «:i.v< imrti:. <
ACTS OF WOMAN
PUZZLE POLICE
Well Dressed and Mysterious
Female Visits Residences,
Seeking Loan of Nickels
SUSPECTED AS SPOTTER
Authorities Believe Her to
Be Accomplice of Burglars
or a Demented Individual
ALAMEDA, Oct. 19. — Numerous re
ports have been made to the police of
the unaccountable actions of a" mys
terious, well-dressed and beautiful
young woman, who has called at many
residences here within the last two
weeks with the ostensible purpose of
borrowing car fare, but who, it Is
thought, is demented or an accomplice
of burglars. What the motive of the
strange female can be is a puzzle.'
The woman's fashionable attire and
finished address would indicate that
she is not a mendicant. In one inr
stance the woman of mystery returned
5 cents she had borrowed from Mrs. A.
H. Akesson of 3011 Central. avenue and
was profuse In her thanks for the small
loan. Among those who have received
visits from her are Mrs. Minnie Deems
of 3011 Encinal avenue, Mrs. George E.
French of 1522 Walnut street and
others w*ho have reported the woman's
actions to the police, but who refused
to give their names. The woman is de
scribed as wearing bronze-colored hair
and an emerald turban of the latest
style.
KILLS COLLEGE GETS
EXPOSITION MEDAL
Work Is Well Under Way on
Nejy Library Building Do
nated by Carnegie.
OAKLAND, Oct. 19. — A gold medal
has been awarded to Mills College in
Fruitvale for the excellence of Its
school exhibit at the Lewis and Clark
Exposition at Portland. The exhibit
included •work from every department
of the college.
"Social Ethics" is the title of a se
ries of lectures which the Rev. Charles
R. Brown, pastor of the First Congre
gational Church of Oakland, is giving
at the college. This course is the same
as that given several years ago at
Stanford University. They are given
each Wednesday at 2:30 p. m.
Work is progressing rapidly on the
new Carnegie Library building of the
college, the walls now being up as far
as the second story. The building will
be two stories in height and will oc
cupy a ground space of 50x75 feet. The
plans for the structure were drawn by
Miss Julia Morgan of Oakland.
EXPERT'S. REPORT
SURPRISES LAWYERS
X-Ray Fails to Show Alleged
Injuries to a Plain
tiff.
OAKLAND, Oct. 19. — The report of
Dr. Emmet Rixford, accompanied by
his X-ray photographs of the pelvic
bones of Thomas Ryan, who Is suing
the Oakland Gas. Light and Heat Com
pany for $25,640 damages for injuries,
was hardly such as expected by the at
torneys in the case, for there was no
denial of the injury which the plate
fails to show and which the doctor says
is not there. . *-\ -
Court was adjourned yesterday after
noon in order that Dr. Rixford, as a
disinterested expert, might report upon
Ryan's Injuries, with the result that
when he came Into court this morning
and privately announced his opinion,
the attorneys spent the entire morning
In a wrangle over whether he should
be allowed to testify or not. but they
finally agreed to It and he told the
Jury that he thought that there was
very little the matter with Ryan.
WILL EETURX BUNA WAY
GIRLS TO THEIR HO3IES
Escapes From Beulah Are to
Be Griven Into Custody
of Parents.
OAKLAND. Oct. 19.— Minnie Williams
and Hattie McHorter, 16 year old girls,
who were caught by the police after hav
ing run away from the Salvation Army
Home at Beulah, will be returned to the
custody of their parents as soon as the
necessary arrangements can be made. At
the receiving hospital, where she is being
held in the detention ward, Hattie Mc-
Horter said this morning that she was
bad just because she could not help
it. :v ,v o ;; v-v-,:.^-- ;
Minnie Williams was placed in the Beu
lah Home by her father, who lives in
Vacaville, and the McHorter girl was
sent to the . Institution by her parents,
Mr. and Mrs. Albert McHorter of Perm
Grove, . because she was discontented at
home. She had been there but a short
time when she ran away with Minnie
Williams. ' V;!-*.
FIGHTERS ARE SENTENCED.
OAKLAND. Oct. 19. — Because he I.ad assist
ed an aged woman who had fallen on the
street, Clarence Bartholomew, a longshore
man, eatd that William Schwartz . made ln
• suiting remarks about htm, and the* two men
engaged in a fight in the street, both being
arrested.' The latter pleaded guilty to 'a
charge of disturbing the peace this morning,
and the former will be tried on October 30.
A. L. Gale and J. F. Fay, San Francisco
plasterers, were adjudged guilty of battery
this morning, and were sentenced to pay fines
of $10 each. William Mills, with whom the
two were fighting at the. time of their arrest,
will be sentenced to-morrow for disturbance
of the peace.
WII.I/GET ETHEL COOK.
OAKLAND, Oct. 19.— Mrs. Mary Ross, the
mother of Ethtl Cook, the 16- year-old , school
girl with whom Henry A. Logan, the former
aeacon of the First Free Baptist Church,
sloped -from this city a week ago. left for
Me Jford. Or., where Logan and his youthful
companion wer* amsted, to bring her daughter
borna. \u0084 ; ......
Captain Wilson left for the north this morn
ing to bring Logan back to this city for trial
on a felocy charge. H« will stop over at Sac
ramento to get the .. signature . of „ Governor
Pardee to the ' requisition papers, and expects
to arrive in this city with his prisoner on
Monday or Tuesday.
AUTHOR TO ADDRESS TEACHERS.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10.— Superintendent i Me-
Clymnods ' of the Oakland School Department
ha* Just Issued a circular to the- teachers of
the local schools, announcing that J, W Red
way, the author of the "Advanced Course In
Georraphy." will address the teachers In the
Common School Assembly Hall at the Chabot
Observatory on Friday, -October 20. It Is al«o
announced that Miss Chapman, Supervisor of
Nature Study, will meet any teachers who de
sir* to aid In the work at the High School oh
Monday afternoons from 3 to 4 o'clock.
THE SAN /FRANCISCO CALL, -FRIDAY,, 'OCTOBER 20, 1905.
PATENT BUTTER
DECLARED POOR
Professor Jaffa Says That Inventors Are
: l \' -Making Miserable Substitutes.
Little Fat and Much Water Make a Vile
Counterfeit of the Genuine.
BERKELEY, Oct. 19.— Subtle :at
tempts to get the sanction qf the uni
versity authorities for schemes which
have as their end the foisting of
"queer" butter upon the public are be
ing given their quietus by Professor
E. M. Jaffa, the food expert attached
ito the staff of the agricultural college.'
There is an apparent epidemic of these
efforts to produce butter by chemical
means and then to procure, in some
fashion, the quasi approval of the uni
versity, with which to later deceive
ithe butter-buying public.
Professor Jaffa. r. as determined to
crush the. hopes of .these wily butter
makers and has prepared- a letter to
the promoters which informs them in
no uncertain terms that he. is fully
cognizant of their schemes and that
their hopes of- getting any authoriza
tion from ithe university food . experts
are in vain.
The latest inventor of a patented
butter which could be made cheaply
and sold at market prices is an Ala
meda citizen, whose name Professoi
Jaffa withholds, but who evidently be
lieved that the product of his labora
tory would meet \vi,th Jaffa's full ap
proval. This manufacturer of yellow
imitation butter sent Professor Jaffa
a quantity of his made goods, but
neglected to state Just what his for
mula was for its making. Professor
Jaffa has analyzed the stuff and re
ports that its make-up is as follows:
Water, 52.57 per cent; fat, 44.56 per
cent; protein, 2.45; ash, .42. Professor
Jaffa declares, and so informed the
Alameda man, that in good butter the
percentage of fat Is 85, so that in two
pounds of butter there would be about
.twenty-seven ounces of fat. In the
sample submitted to Jaffa' from Ala
meda there was less than eight ounces
of fat to the pound.
Dr. H. W. Wiley. Government ex
pert in these matters stationed at
Washington, has prepared a bulletin
dealing with these attempts at manu
facturing butter with the aid of water,
powders and other chemicals, and to
this exhaustive bulletin Professor Jaffa
refers all of the would-be inventors
of the yellow stuff that is in demand
by the people. It is Professor -Jaffa's
opinion that none of the wise Invent
ors has anything new besides the
schemes Professor Wiley treats of to
introduce in the line of chemically
manufactured butter.
EBELL PLANS
ELABORATE
CARD AFFAIRS
ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE
OAKLAND, Oct. 19. — The whist tournament
Is a. contagious disease that has already at
tacked in more or lese virulent form .nearly
every '. charitable organisation and lodge m
town, and now Ebell has Droken out with the
fever. Elaborate preparations are being made
for October 31, when splendid prizes will tempt
even the poorest whist player to try, his or her
luck. It is mostly "her" luck these days, for
Innumerable card clubs and almost dally prac
tice are turning out come excellent players
among the women. - . \u25a0
The Ebell tournament is to help swell the
building fund, so, of course, all Oakland is in
terested, for we all take a certain amount of
pride, in the beautiful eaifices of one's own
town. Mrs. 11. C. Capwell is In charge, and
among others who are aseistlng In making. the
final arrangements are Mrs. Gilbert Belcher,
Mrs. F. M. Butter, Mrs. J. Loran Pease, Mm.
Teresa L. Gaytes, Mrs. John G. Hoyt and Mrs.
D. H. Mathes. •-;-•-
The rooms of the Palette, Lyre and Pen Club
on Thirteenth street will be the scene of a
pleasant gathering to-morrow evening, when
Miss Winifred June Morgan will be the hostess
of the evening. A violin and piano • number,
the first two movements of the Grieg Sonatoin
G Major, will be played by Miss Morgan and
Mrs. Flcrence Jenkins Trost. Miss Morgan will
also play a violin solo, a Humoresque by Dvo
rak, with piano accompaniment, and Mrs. Lu
clen T. Langworthy will 6ing a group of bal
lads. • •
A promising programme of music will form
one of the attractive features of the West
Oakland Kindergarten "tea" to-morrow, at the
residence on Fourteenth street of Mrs. E. C.
Farnham. Mrs. Frederick Stratton and Miss
Seville Hayden will sing and Mrs. Maxwell
Taft will render several piano selections. \u25a0"\u25a0 \u25a0
The \W. O. • K. affairs are always popular
and there will doubtless be a smart crush to
morrow, for nearly all the prominent society
people In town are Interested directly or Indi
rectly. The hours are from 3to 6.
A whist club was entertained this evening
by Mre. T. C. Shank.and. Among the players
were Mr. and Mrs. 6hankland, I Dr. and Mre.
Wads worth, Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Mergulre, Mr.
and Mrs. A. A. Sawyer, Mr. and Mrs. George
Faulkner, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Shay, Mr. and
Mre. Stephen Trlpp, . Mr, and Mrs. Howard
Whltehead, Mrs. H. Condit, Mr. and Mrs.
Charleu Cobbledick, Percy Hardenbergh and
George W. Austin.
Miss Carmen Button was hostess to a bevy
of charming young girls this afternoon, the
guest of honor being Miss Edith Downing,, a
November bride-to-be.
Among the guests were Miss Bonnie Down-
Ing, Miss Lucretla Burnham, Miss Else Schill
ing, Miss Ruth Kales, Miss Jessie Fox, Miss
Ethol Creliln, Miss Jean Downey. Mlm Marlon
Goodfellow, Ml»s Ethel Valentine, Miss Claire
Chabot, Miss May Coogan. Miss Edith. Selby,
Miss Chrlssle Taf t, Miss Ruth , Knowles, Mies
Bessie . Palmer. ..::'.*
Miss Marian Walsh and Miss Edith Selby will
be In the ' bridal party wnen - Miss 'Rowena
Moore and Paul Selby are wed on November 1.
The ceremony will take place In Los < Angelee
and tha two bridesmaids will leave In a few
days for the south.
Mr. and Mrs. Varney Gasklll .'entertained the
Hlllvide' Club this -evening,'- among "those pres
ent being* Mr.- and Mrs. George ,W. Hume," Mr.'
and Mrs. Dennis Starl, Mr. and. Mrs. George
Lockty. Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Carr, Mr. and Mrs:
Varney Gasklll, Mr. and Mr*: V. Waldron, Mr.
and Mrs. H. Robblns, Mrs. F. J. : McHenry,'
Mrs. Harry Thomas. Mrs. J. T. % Barraclough.
Miss Barraclough, Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Haden
feldt and Mr. Phelps. • ; . V , : -' \u25a0' \>-
; Mr and Mrs. = George W. Fisher have" re
turned from :\u25a0*\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 pleasant stay at . Belvedere.
Mr and Mrs. Fisher are planning to build and
will probably locate near the J.- Walter Scotts
In East Oakland. ; .
Mrs Robert Duncan and two children, Flosie
and Bobble, are home again arjer" a long so
journ in the Santa Crur Mountains. .
ALAMEDA; Oct. 19.— Mr.- and. Mrs. William
V -Pettes entertained. ; the members . of -'\u25a0 the
Twentieth Century "500" Club : at their home
iimt evening. Among the guests \u25a0 were : Mr.
and Mrs A F. St. Sure, Mr. and Mrs. W.l D.'
HlCTflrrt Mr.- and Mrs. . C. V. Hughe*, Mr. and
Mi? CE Margrave, Mr. and Mrs. J. N. Van
Buren Mr. and Mrs. , E. C. .Wood. Mr. \and
Mrs Frank Busse," Mr. and Mrs. Fred S: Cone.
mim Alice Ellery and-E. E. Roberts..: Prizes
were won by F. S. Cone and Miss Alice Ellery.
Company O. Fifth Infantry, , N. ,. O. ; C. will
cive Its annual ; military .ball , on
evening November 15, in the armory of the
command on Park street. ' • - .-j-.t
GRIEF.; BREAKS Z HIM ?. DOWRY
'OAKLAND,; Oct. 19*— -Continual over
the death of .- his brother, '% who ;, was ; murdered
In Sacramento a ' few _we«ks ag<v has so affect
ed tb« v health of '\u25a0 License • Inspector J. '1 J. , Con
nolly . that he has , been i compelled . to abandon
the , cares of - his .of tlcm t f or . a' time, '\u25a0 and J has
Just • gone on a vacation of.' six I weeks in ; the
mountains. 515 1 During . his absence the office will
be'ln" c*«~": ">f - T >»~'**'^Xa»r>ect«p.>W.,' A. y , J."
Franke
WILL ABANDON
PART OF ROAD
Western Pacific to Avoid
tesla Line and Cross the
Hills at Pattersons Pass
OAKLAND, Oct. 19. — That the West
ern Pacific Railroad has abandoned Its
original plan to follow the route of the
western end of the Tesla coal road and
that it will build a subway beneath
the tracks of the Southern Pacific at
Third and Union streets, Oakland, are
two Important facts that have definite
ly been decided upon by the manage
ment.
Since the Western Pacific first ac
quired the coal road it has been •_' ac
cepted ithat it would be the route of
the new road from Stockton to Liver
more. Now it has been decided to
abandon a part of the coal road in
Corral Hollow .Pass and to follow a
route from Niles to Llvermore parallel
with the Southern Pacific. From Llv
ermore it will cross Pattersons Pass
and will then join the coal road at a
point beyond Altamont. \u0084
The plan for the subway under the
Southern Pacific tracks on Third street
at Union has also been decided upon
and once beyond Third street the
Western Pacific will reach its own
property. Within the last two weeks
deeds to almost all the property with
the exception of Boole's from the hold
ings of the Southern Pacific to Mar
ket street have been placed on record.
The new road now owns more yard
room and more water front property
ithan - its . rival. . In many instances its
holdings go" back as far as; Seventh
street. Already boatloads of ties are
being , discharged at Boole's to be
stored on the x-ailroad's property pend
ing the beginning of the work.
Division Engineer J. T. Williams is
now absent on his final -inspection to
determine the route from the Oakland
city.limits to. Niles. He will decide
upon one of three routes. They all are
run from the south side of Niles and
cross the Southern Pacific tracks at
Decoto. From there one-parallels the
Southern Pacific, another Is run half
way between the Southern Pacific and
the county road and the . ithircL- crosses
that ' thoroughfare and is run "between
the county road and the foothills.
BRUTE STRIKES MOTHER.
OAKLAND. Oct. 19.— Because his aged
mother attempted to prevent ' him from ' de
stroying the' furniture in the family home,
Frank Bentley, residing at 161 Eighth
street, forgot that he was a man, and . struck
her, fcr which he was arrested and booked
at the City Prison on a . charge of - disturb
ing the i#eace. Bentley \u25a0on returning: home
began to break up the furniture In the house,
and ended by putting his fist through a mirror,
cutting his hand quite badly.
His mother. Mrs. M. W. : Bentley. who is
nearly 70 years of age, tried jto prevent him
from .further injuring the household effects,
and he resented her interference with a blow
His mother then summoned Policeman Keefe,
who placed the man under arrest, and after his
injured hand was dressed at the Receiving
Hospital he .was locked ud. Mrs. Bentley
says that she will swear to a complaint
against her won to-morrow/ .
CUTS THROAT
WITH RAZOR
William J. Hutton, a Former
Resident of San Francisco,
Tries to Kill Himself
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, New, Oct. 19— Crazed with drink
and weary of life, William' J. Hutton,
formerly a plumber of Ban Francisco, at
tempted suicide this morning in a ropm
at the Pacific Hotel In, this city-. Hutton
cut his throat from ear to ear and several
of the arteries In both .wrists in a futile
attempt to end .his life. He is now. ln
the 2 County. Hospital and it : is thought
that he will recover. • While at the hos
pital this afternoon [.'.": Hutton , jumped
through the open' window of the room
in which' he had been placed and ran
several blocks 7 before -the | attendants
were able to "catch ''him?
Hutton was discovered this morning
by: his ' roommate, Leonard McGrath,
standlnsr In front of a mirror, a razor in
each hand and the ! blood streaming from
his throat and wrists: "' McGrath attempt
ed to disarm him,; but the crazed man
threatened him and i McGrath .'summoned
the Police. On. the walls of the room
Hutton had- written with his blood: V;
"May I never suffer,' I .forgive you all."
Several other disconnected words, were
written in blood, but^ they could not : ,be
disciphered. , ; >.-..• " v . '
jjg Hutton*; was formerly in the navy. He
came her« about a j month ago j from San
Francisco with his mother,' who attempt
ed to purchase , a lodging-house, but could
not get the property, she desired.
Hutton resisted the" entrance of the offi
cers to ; his 1 room ; and -. threatened . to kill
them, but he -was ; finally overpowered; . : !
Australia advocates -, ~ ;
» home: rule: for , irela.vd
House and Sennlie .; ; Vote ' to .'; Petition
\u25a0;•• '".•,';. King Edward to Make; the \u0094 : .\
.\u25a0\u25a0-•:. ': ' "\u25a0 \u25a0 ,'\u25a0'.\u25a0 =.' Conee»iilon.: ; V.' : \u25a0 "\u25a0'-'\u25a0
MELBOURNE. \u25a0'; Victoria, Oct. 19.— The Fed
eral^ House of : Representatives i to-day adopted
by, a. vote of 3S.to 21 a motton to petition: King
Edward to .grant hbmsVruieT, to *; lreland, v The
Senate, by a vote of 16 to 11, adopted a similar
motion. \u25a0-.':• *--:- - ;v''-rf '---. .•-'.:\u25a0..-\u25a0 >-'\u25a0\u25a0;•"\u25a0:..\u25a0•-.\u25a0.
':\u25a0;• This ... success , of , the I home X rulers >Is -' attrlb
utedln a large measure to .William Redmond's
recent campaign' ln 'Australia.'* .The motion had
been hotly | debated I and % the | I*bor : , party \ and
Liberals ; supported the ! home : rulers.f--.The ' Fed
eral \u25a0* Premier. 7 Alfred t Deakin, \» stood 1 tor it the
home .rule principle asa, necessary. preliminary
to the federation of the empire. . f\ ' i
Judge ; Smith ; Will Try. the ; Case.
\u25a0S SANTA ; CRUZ, .Oct. 10.-^Judge ! Smith to-day
d>nled-the motlcri.for a change of venue in the
case of D.\W. 'Johnston against Thomas Dakan.
The i motion \u25a0\u0084w as > made j by^ the > defendant,"! who"
alleged .that 'the: Judge*, was-, disqualified : to 'git
because of -friendship for. the plaintiff ' • :
WALNUT CREEK
TO HAVE BANK
To Be First Financial House
of Kind : Established by
Sair Ramon Valley Citizens
TOWN IMPROVING FAST
Building of Electric Road
Is Expected to Still Fur
ther Increase Prosperity
WALNUT CREEK; Oct. 19.— As indi
cating the increased prosperity and un
deniable progress of this town and its
surrounding territory, the preliminary
organization of an institution, to be
known as the San Ramon Valley Bank,
has been effected. This new financial in
stitution is to be, located at Walnut
Creek arid it will be the first banking
house to be established in the San
Ramon Valley.
The bank is ta have a capital of
$25,000, all of whiqh has been provided
and subscribed for. Among those who
have taken stock are Joseph Naphtaly,
A. Sbarboro and John Hackett of San
Francisco, who have large interests in
San Ramon, while among local men of
affairs who have subscribed for stock
are Joseph L. Silveira, Supervisor Ralph
Harrison, W. S. Burpee, W. A. Rogers,
County Assessor Henry T. Jones and
others.
Recently Rogers* Hotel, the pioneer
hostelry of Walnut Creek, has had an"
addition constructed, which doubles its
capacity. ;
The town of Walnut Creek was never
in a more prosperous condition than at
present. It is growing In population
and wealth and the surrounding valley
is also improving in many respects.
The electric railway company, some
time ago organized to connect San
Ramon with the* San Francisco Bay
shore, will, when completed, still fur
ther add to the material growth of this
valley.
NEWS OF ALAMEDA COUNTY
GIVEN FREEDOM.— Oakland, Oct. 19.—
Mary Kldwell was granted an interlocutory
decree of divorce from Edgar KldweU to-day
by Judge Melvln on the ground of his de-
B«rtlo*>.
GAS STOVE CAUSES FlRE.— Oakland,
Oct. 19. — A gas stove set too close to the wall,
ignited the -walnßCoatimc this morning in the
residence of J. Sllverfoot, 1414 East Twenty
first street. . The blaze was extinguished with
slight damage.
WILL DEBATE NEW ,. CHARTER.—AIa
meda. Oct. 19. — At the meeting of the We3t
End Alameda Improvement Association next
Wednesday Messrs. E. K. Taylor, George T.
Wright, George Renner and C. U Tilden will
debate the proposed' new charter for this city.
PHYSICIAN IS FlNED.— Oakland, Oct. 19.
Dr. W. W. Keraran, who .was yesterday found
guilt" of technical battery on John Griffin,
was sentenced this morning by Acting Police
Judge Geary to pay a fine of $20. Dr. Kergan
says that he will take an appeal to the higher
court. . . / . ... \u25a0 . \u25a0
HODGKINS* CASE CONTINUED.— Oak-
Iand, Oct. 19. — The case of Police Offlrer AY.
I. Hodgkins, . who was arrested •on a charge
of battery preferred by J. J. Heavey, a
teamster,', was called in ' DeDartment 1 of the
Police Court this morning.. Judge Smith con
tinued, the case until October 23.
SAILOR IN TROUBLE.— Oakland, Oct. 19.—
After a high old time ashore. Charles Dro
guet, a French sailor . boy, was taken to the
Clt" Prison late last night, and as he could
not sneak English, he was unable to tell
who'he was or the name of his ship. When
he awoke this mcrnlng he did not know where
he was. He was released this afternoon.
DIVIDE MEEK ESTATE.— Oakland. Oct. 19.
The William Meek estate, consisting of several
hundreds of acres of . land between Hay wards
and San Lorenzo, has been partitioned among
the four children, Harry W. and William E.
Meei.. and Susan Meek Doran and Ethel Meek
Sutton. Partition deeds were filed for. record
to-day.- This was one of the largest landed
estates in the county. '
CLUB TO CLEAN STREETS.— AIameda.
Oct. 19 — Hereafter the Central Improvement
Club will look after the cleaning of the streit
in the immediate vicinity of Bay station. Tn«
organization decided last night that It would
take such action in order to make that por
tion of the city In the vicinity of Bay station
depot more attractive to visitors and new
comers.
ENDS DECADE Of SERVICE. — Oakland,
Oct. 19.— E. Ryder, the pioneer clerk of, the
commissary department of the Southern Pa
cific Company at the West Oakland railroad
yanls, will celebrate the tenth anniversary
of his assumption of the duties of his position
to-morrow. -\u25a0 Mr. Ryder i was the first clerk
appointed when , the . dining-car service was
established on the Pacific Coast. -•%;:;
WOULD CHANGE N AME, OF AVENUE.—
Alameda, Oct. 19. — Another effort is to ba
made to have the • name of Railroad avenue
west of ' Park street changed to Lincoln ave
nue, the title by which that portion of the
thoroughfare east of Park street Is now known.
The West' End Alameda Improvement Asso
ciation and the Alameda Advancement Asso
ciation are In favor of the change in name
and . these organizations will request the Cen
tral Improvement Club •to . Join with them in
a petition to the City Trustees to rechrlsten
the avenue. . . \
DEPARTMENT REORGANIZES.— OakIand.
Oct. " 19. — The Fruitvale Fire Department has
reorganized and is going : to put itself upon
a sound fcasls. The recent fire which con
sumed the residence of Mr. Fay has brought
out the necessity for alocalflre department
as help cannot be had from Oakland. " The
following new officers have been elected: Pres
ident. William s Cowan; vice president, John
Bridge: secretary. Norman Manning; foreman,
Paul Hoffman; assistant foreman. John H!g
gln«; steward, Mr. Perry; committee upon
organization, Axtel Valllne and John ' Bridge.
CLEW IS UNAVAILING.— BerkeIey, Oct. 19.
Marshal ;Vollmer to-day: received a letter
from the warden of San Quentin in reply to
a letter of inquiry regarding the prison record
of s Nina ' Huntley. . who was connected by re
port with the assault of Milt<sn Andrews upon
William Ellis; last. week. It was said by
some that: Andrews'; companion and Nina
Huntley were one,' end: that the Huntley wo
man had once served a term in San. Quentin.
Marshal , Vollmer is \u25a0 informed by ; the warden
that no" such person was ever incarcerated
there ;'. .- -:- . \u25a0 \u25a0 ": ' , : ' . : "'-' -' . •,- ; .;.-\u25a0.•
REAL ESTATE MEN ACCUSED.—Berke
ley. .'. Oct. : 19.— James Kay and , John R. Per
kins, real estate men of South Berkeley were
arrested '\u25a0 to-day, -by Frank- Bergen
dorf with ' misdemeanor embezzlement . In fail
ing to return to him, aa alleged, $50 which
he gave , ; them ; to ; use in purchasing property
for him."* Bereendorf says the agents received
the money' last June, and have made no.re
turn of . the money, -or investment for \u25a0 him.
Perkins, and Kay were held: by Justice Ed
gar In ball of $300, to be arraigned next Sat
urday." \u25a0 :•\u25a0". ' \u25a0
BOYS FACE SERIOUS CHARGE.—Berke
ley, Oct. 19— In the arrest last nights of
three -youngsters, who call the
•'Santa Fe Rang, "the police, believe they, have
broken:; up • an., aggregation -of bad boyn who
are 1 responsible *• for. much"; petty thieving In
West Berkeley perhaps^ for several small
fires '.• In ' that ;\u25a0 vicinity, - .whlgh have ,; appeared
to : be, of .Incendiary"; origin. -."The boys are
Robert Morss,' James .'Farrell and. Frank " Sul
livan/ all; under i 15 -years 'of- age. / They come
from respectab'e ;' families ?\u25a0 but : have ' chosen to
Indulge In theft and acts of hoodlumism.': They
were arraigned ? ln ; Justice Edgar's ;\u25a0: court "\u2666his
morning and will.be obliged to answer, a 'felony
charge > of grand larceny.-; Their offense Is ' the
breaking -. Into \u25a0a :, car -of t the ; Santa Fe ". Com.
pany; and stealing -cases of -beers from the car.
Their examination's >et^ for j October .25.:
SAN JOSE GRAND JURYiv ;
GOES 'AFTER POOL SELLERS
Addresses n - Communication to the
\u25a0\u25a0'" Mayor nnd Common Connrll Urging
;••; the Passagre 'of Needed Lawn. "
SAN JOSE,' Oct.* 19.— The Grand Jury has ad
dressed: another rcommunicationf.to x the ; Mayor
and 3 Common *' Council, i In* which i the; city * ad
ministration \u25a0: Is rf : urged >, to ," pass van . ordinance
that will abolish • poo! selllng.'-.Through < the ef-'
forts"' of i the ; present ; Grand •• Jury * the \u25a0 nlckel-l n
the-slot machines have i. been s abolished » In the
city \u25a0 and county \u25a0 and - gambling ; prohibited.
FLOW SHOW
PLANS FINISHED
Annual: Display of Chrysan
themums at San Eafael
Promises to Be a Success
DIVERSIFIED EXHIBITS
Prizes Are to Be Awarded
for the Best Collection
in the Several Classes
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
SAN RAFAEL., Oct: 19.— The annual
chrysanthemum show to be given next
Saturday afternoon and evening in the
San Rafael Opera House promises . to
bring out a large and choice display of
the Japanese flower and an excellent array
of talent. In former years the floor space
was about equally divided between the ex
hibitors and booths; this year there will
be only four booths — ice cream, tea, can
dies and the Junior League "grabs." The
entries of exhibits by professional as well
as amateur gardeners will be large.
Valuable prizes will be awarded ior the
best exhibits in the various classes.
In the afternoon the programme,
which will be principally for the children,
will consist of: Impersonations, Samuel
Barclay; vocal solo, Master -*on Carroll;
cornet solo, Mervyn Hitchcock, of Hitch
cock Military Academy; midget dance;
sketch, Miss Elliott's kindergarten;
awarding of prizes for the best Junior
League gardens.
Id the evening there will be vaudeville
entertainment. The music will be fur
nished by the Mandolin and Guitar Ciub
of the Mt. Tamalpai3 Military Academy.
Among the numbers on the programme
will be the midget dance, young ladies'
drill by members of the Comme II Faut
Club, monologue by Samuel Barclay, one
act comedy by Schneider Regenrock, the
cast being filled by well-known amateurs.
The awards for the exhibits will be made
In the evening. .
The Junior League Improvement Club
was organized last April for the purpose
of Interesting the school children in the
improvement of the city, especially about
their own home, by keeping the yards
tidy and cultivating gardens. The San
Rafael Improvement CJub distributed
seeds and cuttings to them several
months ago and offered several prizes for
the best kept gardens. As the league has
a large membership and many of the
members have entered the competition,
the decision of the judges is awaited with
great interest.
Mrs. Vincent Neale is the director gen
eral of the show.
The decoration committee i 3 composed
of Mrs. John F. Boyd, Mrs. A. W. Foster,
Mrs. Lewis Gerstle, Mrs. W." J. Casey
and Mrs. F. D. Madison. The entertain
ment committee is composed of Mrs.
Anna Dv Bois, Mrs. George D. Boyd. Miss
Mac Gibson, Miss Kate Towle and Miss
Mary Foster.
The Ice cream booth is in charge of
Mrs. James W. Cochrane; tea, Mrs.
Frank K. Zook; candies. Miss Dora
Thayer and Miss Martha Foster; Junior
League "grabs," Miss Margaret Graham,
Miss Aida Duffy.
LOSES MONEY
AND HIS WIFE
Portland Hotel-Keeper Ac
cuses Former Partner of
Eloping With His Spouse
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash.. Oct. 19. — Claiming
he has been defrauded alike of - bis
wife and his summer's earnings, John
Emrlch, one of the proprietors of the
New York Apartment Hotel, Portland,
is in Tacoma looking for his partner,
his wife, and his money. Emrich in
formed .the police that he went'- : to
Portland from St Louis last spring,
taking his beautiful .wife. He met
Thayer, who, ' he says, pretended that
he owned the furniture of the New
York Apartment Hotel, and Emrich
paid J3OO for; a half interest therein.
Because his health was not good Em
rich chose to run the bus, leaving the
management to Mrs. Emrich and Thay
er. Before the summer was over. Em
rich says, he discovered that his wife
and partner were more friendly than
they should be.* He also learned that
Thayer had not paid for the furniture.
Emrich says his partner kept the
books, and though the hotel was tak
ing In more than $800 a month he
never saw any of the money. A few
weeks ago his partner decided to leave
when Emrich called" for a settlement.
Thayer told him the books \ were lost
and there were no profits. Thayer left
and Emrich learned that he went to
Seattle. A few days ago Thayer re
turned to Portland, but did not visit
the hotel. On Tuesday Emrlch's wife
deserted him, taking all the money
that the hotel had earned since the de
parture of , Thayer. Emrich says he
knows that his wife went with Thayer
either to Tacoma or Seattle. "
Ocean Sbore Line Pushing: Ahead.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 19.— The first engine of
the Ocean Shore line made a trip to-day over
the three mile stretch from the terminal to
Moores Gulch.
The fill across Moores Gutch is ready for the
ties and the work of laying track from there to
the -Wilder fill will be completed In a short
time.
wsk M BEd I fi§^ * s the iOy ?f? f the househ ° id » f ° r without
P!l& Sim IER&k S* ** n ° ha PP^ ness can be complete. How
HgP iPa Ih^ If fiweet tiie pic^re of mother and babe,
rx™. \u25a0* wm Bar IB angels smile at and commend tha
111 l m gm* raj thoughts and aspirations of the mother
HI? Wm m IP" ma ben . din & over the cradle. The ordeal through
lUr 11 MHHS3 H" which - expectant mother must pa 33, how-
W 1&P II |£a ever » , is so full of danger and suffering that
r f : ' she looks forward to the hour when ah© •hall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
c aT i"i , Ever y^ woman should know that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the use of Another's Friend,
a .scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and renders
pliable all the parts, and \u25a0 . \u25a0/-- \u25a0:,....
value to all women sent free. Address W^ W^l iS* fl«l If fl
QRADFIELD REGULATOR CO- All****. Am. O 8B \u25a0 hlail
TOWN TRUSTEES
TO FIGHT BACK
Officials at Palo Alto Lock
Horns With the -Bed wood
City JJgliiing Corporation
ROW OVER A FRANCHISE
Municipality Not Frightened
by Threats of Rate Cutting
Made by the Company
Ssecial Vlap*ic'n to The Call.
PALO ALTO. Oct. 19. — Measures will
be taken by the Board of Town Trus
tees of this place to prevent the Red
wood City Electric Light and Power
Company from operating here without
a franchise.
Since electric light and power was
first supplied to Palo Alto tha Redwood
City concern had* no opposition until
the municipal plant was Installed. The
question then arose whether a fran
chise was necessary for the private
corporation. Threats of rate-cutting
have had no effect on the Trustees.
Trustee George Carey. William Dean.
B. P. Lausten and David Curry held a
conference yesterday with the officials
of the Redwood City concern- The
proposition of purchasing the works
and plant by the Trustees for Palo
Alto was rejected. Of the several plans
suggested none was accepted as favor
able to the municipality. The officials
of the Redwood concern refused to turn
over the local branch of their plant,
asserting that a franchise is no more
necessary now than it was when they
first entered this territory.
Attorneys are being consulted by the
Town Trustees as to the steps neces
sary to sursue in order to oust the
Redwood company. In the meantime
the Trustees are ready to purchase
enough apparatus to supply all the
Redwood City company's patrons
should the latter be forced out.
The plan of the Trustees is to meet
any rate reduction the corporation
makes. The town's finances are in
such a shane as to warrant this move.
Municipal ownership has been extreme
ly successful here, the current expenses
of this place having been paid with last
year's profits.
OPPOSES PAYJIEXT OF CLAIM.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 19.— County Auditor Eu
gene J. Connell. acting upon the advice of
District Attorney Boyd, has refused to draw
a warrant on the Treasurer In favor of Hen
shaw, Bulkley & Co. of San Francisco, for
$21&t 50. Th 9 claim U for furnishing a port
able rockcrusher and a gasoline engine for
road purposes. The District Attorney, la his
opinion to the Auditor, advises him that the
claim is an illegal one aa It la a charge against
the -road Instead of the general fund, that bids
should have been advertised for. and other
necessary steps taken when a laxge expendi
ture of county funds la Involved.
RIXG BELL. AT NIGHT.
PALO , ALTO, Oct. 19.— Policeman Don
Campbell is highly Incensed at the pranks of
some alleged preparatory school students In
ringing the Episcopal church teil in tno late
hours of tiie night. The disturbance was re
peated several times last night and Campbell
found a rope attached . to the bell toadlng to
the sidewalk. A student's cap was lying on
the ground. Th« noise caused people to think
it was the firebell and the streets rapidly filled.
MCLAREN TO AID TOWN.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 19.— John McLaren, su
perintendent of Golden Gate Park in San Fran
cisco, visited Palo Alto to-day and Inspected
the locality with a view to aid In beautifying
the place. He will help frame ordinances for
municipal tree planting slmillar to those In
Redlands and Pasadena. McLaren came here
at the Invitation of President Black of tha
Board of Trade.
POSTAL BUSINESS INCREASES.
PALO ALTO. Oct. ID.— So rapidly has busi
ness increased in the local poatofflce within th»
year that additional facilities ars being sup
plied. A new canceling: machine with a. ca
pacity of 200 letters a minute has just been
Installed.
CHURCH DEBT INTEREST PAID.
PALO ALTO. Oct. 19. — Th* Interest on th«
debt of the local Catholic church waa paid
yesterday, the sum having been raised by ba
zaars and collections. The debt, which amounts
to $20,000, is on the church and parochial resi
dence.
PRISONERS AT WORK.
MAYFIELP. Oct. 19. — Deputy Sheriffs Inaoa
and Ammon of San Jose* are in charg* of
twelve county prisoners at the rock crusher
south of here. Every precaution **** been
taken to prevent their escape.
UNIDENTIFIED MAX KILLED
WHILE RIDING ON BRAKEBEAM
Loses Balance and Falls Under Train
When I* I« Polling Out ot '
Stockton.
STOCKTON, Oct. 19.— An unknown man. be
tween 35 and 40 years of a«e, was killed early
this morning on the Southern Pacific Railroad
tracks. He was evidently, trying to beat his
way to San Francisco on the brakebeam of a
freight train, and- lost his balance. One foot
and one band were cut off. and the legs wer*
horribly crushed. The arms caunht in the
running gear and the body was dragged six
blocks . befora it was dropped. Tha deceased
has a red mustache and black hair, with a
slight tinge of gray. A steamer ticket, dated
the 17th. indicates , that they came from San
Francisco recently. SffTMt
Offer* Plea of Self-Defense.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 19.— The trial -of Willtam
I. Meyers, charged with tne murder of August
Kusener at . Stewards Point, on the coast, la
the northwest corner of Sonoma County, waa
begun in the Superior Court hero to-day.
Meyers claims that he acted in self-defense.
SEATTLE, Oct. 19.— R. K. -Williams, presi
dent of the new Pacific Railway Company,
supposed to b« part of the Chicago. Milwaukee
and St. Paul system, who is in Seattle, says
that the Milwaukee road is not behind the Pa
cific Railway, but hints that the Harriman in
terests are.
! Straight' dealings are the best evi
dences of being in the narrow way.ADVERTISEMENTS.
Lydia E« Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound
is a positive cure for all those painful
ailment* of women. It will entirely
cure the worst forms of Female Com-
plaints, all Ovarian troubles, Inflam-
•mation and Ulceration. Falling and
Displacements of the Womb and con-
sequent Spinal Weakness, and is
pecn iarly adapted to the Change of
SAfe. Every time it will cure
Backache*
It has cured more cases of Leueor-
thosa than any other remedy the world
has ever known. It is almost infallible
in such cases. It dissolves and exptrls
Tumors from the Uterus in an early
*ta£f<" of development. That
Bearing-down Feeling,
causing 1 pain, weight and headache, is
Instantly relieved and permanently
cured by its nse. Under all circurn-
6tances it acts in harmony with the
female system. It corrects*
Irregularity,
Snppressed or Painful Menstruation,
Weakness of the Stomach, Indigestion,
Bloating-, Flooding-, Nervous Prostra-
tion, Headache, General Debility. Also
Dizziness, Faintness,
Extreme Lassitude, "don't-care"' and
" want-to-be-left-alone" feeling, excit-
ability, irritability, nervousness, sleep-
lessness, flatulency, melancholy or the
"blues," and backache. These are
sure indications of Female Weakness,
tome derang-ement of the Uterus. For
Kidney Complaints
and Backache of either sex the Vegeta-
ble Compound is unequaled,
You can write Mrs. Pinkham about
rourself in strictest confidence.
LTDIi E. n>EHAM BED. CO., tjn«, Htsa.
1905 1905
Notice is hereby given that the taxes
on all personal property secured by
real property and one-half of the taxes
on real propcrtv will be due and paya-
blo on MOXPAY, OCTOBER S"JH. 190",,
and will be DELINQUENT ON MON-
DAY. NOVEMBER IiTTH. 1905, AT 6
O'CLOCK P. M.. and unless paid prior
thereto tiftoon per cent will be added
to th<^ amount thereof, and that if said
on«^-half he not paid before the last
MONDAY" in April next, at 3 o'clock P.
>f an additional five per cent will be
added therc-to; that the remaining one-
half of the taxes on all real property
will be payable on and after the first
MONDAY la JANUARY next, and will
be delinquent on the last MONDAY in
APRIL next thereafter, at 6 o'clock P.
AL. and unless paid prior thereto five
per cent will be added to the amount
thereof.
That all taxes may be paid at the
time the rtrst'installmont as herein pro-
vided is duo and payable.
That said taxes are due and payable
at the office of the Tax Collector, New
City Hh.ll.
POSITIVELY NO CHECKS RE-
CEIVED AFTER THE 20TH DAY OF
NOVEMBER, ISOS, and the :23rd day of
April, ISOC.
N. B. — For the convenience of tax-
payers unable to call during the day.
this offlce will be open continuously
during: the month of November from?
A. M. to 9 P. M., commencing November
Ist. 1905.
Taxpayers will greatly facilitate this
office and themselves by bringing last
year's tax bills.
(Signed) JOSEPH H. SCOTT.
Tax Collector of the City and County
of San Francisco.
|g|| MEN*S DISEASES
fcg»s*tTf£2«\| We especially solicit
ctJ^jOtlJ those cases of "Weak-
fr^**Vrf^i'^l ness," Varicocele. Hy-
W^&KJ£*iM drocele. Stricture, Con-
Iwrik\gHtS'S tracted Disorders. Spe-
U&jr&jittr§ji ciiic Blood Poison. Piles.
SQSCflaßilKii Rupture, Rheumatism.
JOIU L.IKBIG Lt» ss ot Vigor. Catarrh.
STAFF. etc.. that have been un-
1023* M*r- Buccessfully treated by
krt St. other specialists.. Our
Pioneer Men'« methods of treatment
Specialist. are different, and by
curing stubborn and difficult cases have
won reputation from the Atlantic to the
Paclnc as leading specialists in men's
diseases, and have built up the largest
practice of its kind on the entire Pacific
Coaet. from Alaska to Mexico.
Fees nr* fair; cures are permanent,
and too <*«a pay If cured. Entrance
orlvatc liulldinK only uned by us.
FIRST SPECIALISTS 30 YEARS IN S. F.
See free museum to-day. Hear frea
lecture to-night and learn who should
marry, who not. and why. Call or write.
DR. LIEBIG STAFF
1023 Market Street, Sth Uldg. above Cth.
TORIC LENSES
GIVE BEST RESULTS.
They are wide Angle Lenses and
give larger scope of vision. We can
duplicate your glasses in this style, of
lens.
105 MONTGOMERY ST.
NEAR SUITER OPP. OCCIDENTAL HOTEL
KODAK AGENCY-PHOTO SUPPLIES
HOTEL ST. FRANCIS 0
has the Best Equipped
. . end Handsomest . .
GRILL ROOIKNCAFE
IN SAN FRANCISCO
Business. Men's Lunch a Specialty
( ) O
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAttXr ST. KaUblfebrO
!n 1834 (or the treatment of PrWat*
Digues. I<ofit Manhood. Debility or
dis^M* wearlcrpn body and mind and
Sktn DUeaaea. The Doctorcnre* wli«n
others fail. Try- htm. Cbarrei low.
«'ar«-«stn»r»nt»e*l. Call or «n'«
Dr. J . r. «MOW. B«ft«di», Cal
ST. IGNATIUS
ALUMNI DINE
Among Members and Guests
Present at Banquet Are
Many Distinguished Men
SPLENDID ADDRESSES
Bourke Cockran. Eloquent
New Yorker, Replies to
"The Catholic Citizen"
The Alumni Association of St. Ignatius
College gave a banquet last night at the
St. Francis Hotel to commemorate the
golden Jubilee, at which were present
eminent divines and past students and
friends of St. Ignatius College.
There were notable men in the gather-
Ing— priests, men of professions, business
men, men who have been and are en
gaged in State and one prominent in na
tional affairs.
The Hon. W. Bourke Cockran was the
honored guest, and the subject he dis
cussed was "The Catholic Citizen." In
which he dwelt on the parochial school,
the public school, the divorce question
and the attitude of the Catholic church
toward each.
The toasts were as follows:
"•Tht? Pope;" "The President;" "The Church
in California." Most Rev. Archbishop Mont
gomery; "Sister Colleges." Rev. Brother Vel
le«lan. president St. Mary's College, Oakland;
"The Golden Jubilee." Charles A. Sweigert, S.
B. ("93) • "Our Guests," Rev. William B.
Rogers S. J.. president St. Louis University;
"The Jesuits," John J. Barrett, Esq.; "St.
Ignatius College and Its Faculty," Rev. John
P. Frleden S. J.. president; "The Catholic
Citizen," W. Bourke Cockran.
Among those present were:
Archbishop Montgomery. Bishop ODea;
Very Rev. Father Frleden. S. J. ; Very Rev.
Father Grlnnelsman. S. J. ; Very Rev. Father
Rockllff, S. J. : Very Rev. Father Lecomple,
S. J. ; Rev. Father Dowllng, S. J. ; Rev. Father
Butler. S. J.: Rev. Father Whittle, S. J.; Rev.
Father Bell. S. J. ; Rev. Father Sasld. S. J.:
Rev. Father Fox, S. J. ; Rev. Father Landry,
S. J. ; Rev. Father Woods. S. J. ; Rev. Fathet
Mahoney, S. J. ; Rev. Father Gleason. P. J. ;
Rev. Father P. J. Cummins, Rev. Father
Joseph Gleascn; Rev. Father Edward Allen,
S. J.; Brother Lewie. Hon. W. Bourke Cockran.
James R- Kelly, Joseph Tobin. Garret Mc-
Enemey, John J. Barrett, Thomas Hfckey.
Richard E. Queen. J. Downey Harvey, Frank
T. Shea. Judge W. P. Lawlor, Dr. B. F.
McElroy, Judge Thomas Graliam. T. I. Fitz
patrlck. District Attorney Lewie F. Byin^ton.
R. P. Doolan. A. P. Gianlnni, J. D.
Falrchlld, James F. Farraher, John
Lennon. John Bumette. Judge J. V. Coffey,
Edward Coffey. Jerry Coffey, Andrew Carrigan,
Judge J. F. Sullivan. Mat I. Sullivan, Judge A.
J. Fritz. Albert J. Le Breton, Edward J. Le
Breton, W. P. Humphrey, Dr. Maurice O'Con
nell. Colonel James E. Power, Dr. Joseph G.
MorriE?ey, Emll Huffmajin. Achllle Artlgue?,
John S. Maxwell. Timothy Fitzpatrlck. Deri?
O'SuHivan. Captain A. J. Dunleavy, Jeremiah
Mahony. John J. Mahony, T. P. O'Brien, Ben
jamirf McKinley, Robert Devlin, Xeal Power,
Alfred R. Kelly. J. J. McNamara. H. J. Moy
nlhan, P. F. Butler. E. J. Bates, Dr. C. F.
Buckley. John P. Burke, T. A. Connolly, Bryan
J. Clinch. A. Comte Jr., J. J. Coulson. Charles
L. Ebner. John T. Gilmartln. Dr. John Gall
\u25a0aey. D. C. Heeer, George M. Hubbard, E. P.
Kirk. W. J. Kieferdorf, M. H. Kelly, James
F. O'Brien; Lieutenant James O'Hara. U. S.
A.; John J. O'Toole. R. F. Parsons, Morris J.
Pope. Captain Payson, John O'Gara, R. X.
Ryan, P. C. Rossi, Anthony J. Smith, L. Sca
te'na. John A. Lennon and Joseph Murphy.
Judge J. F. Sullivan was toastmaster.
Lomax «3-%0 Superior Shoes for Men.
Unsurpassed for style, fit and wearing: qual
tlea. Lomax high- era de shoes. 16 Fourth St.*
HAWAII'S SUPERIXTE\DENT
OF IXSTRUCTIOV RESIGXS
Davis Give* Ip Ilia Offlce as the Re
nult of Hitch With Governor
Carter.
HONOLULU. Oct. 19.— Superintendent of
Public Instruction Davis has resigned. In an
Interview with Governor Carter yesterday it
is said he complained that the Governor was
Taking cognizance ot complaints about his de
partment Instead of referring- them to him
and he offered his resignation, which was ac
cepted.
Wlrelen* Telegrrnph Stations.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19. — The Bureau of
Equipment of the Navy Department Is pre
paring to establish wireless telegraph stations
at the following points on the Pacific Coast:
Puget Sound naval station. Point Wilson and
Cape Flattery. Wash.; North Head, at the
mouth f.f thf Columbia River; Cape Blanco,
Or.; Table Bluff, Port Arguello and San
Diego Cal. Work will be berun at once at
the Puget Sound navy yard and at Port Ar
guello.
Try the United States Laundry. 1004
Market street. Tt-lepnone South 420. •
Jury Finds Canker Guilty.
AUBURN, Oct. 19. — John L. Caskey to-day
was convicted of highway robbery. About two
months ago Caskey brought Fred W. Vaneke
to the County Hospital here. Venske was suf
fering from a gunshot wound In the leg.
Both men told a story that Venske accidentally
shot himeelf. Venske told a different story to
day and the Jury believed him. It was- to tho
effect that Caskey Bhot him, and while he lay
helpless on the ground compelled him to tell
the hiding place of several hundred dollars'
worth of nuggets and also forced him to s>lgn a
hundred dollar check.
Opposes Sunday Funerals.
LjOS ANGELES. Oct. 19. — The feature of
to-day's session of the annual convention cf
the State Funeral Directors* Association in
Mammoth Hall was the address of Rev. J. J.
Wilklns. who took a most pronounced stand
against Sunday funerals.
Murder Case Is Dismissed.
BULLFROG. Nev., Oct. 19. — A. J. Jodoln,
who shot and killed "Bob" Arnold last Satur
day, waa this evening released by order of
Justice of the Peace Noitlb, no case having
been made out by the District Attorney.
Young Girl Kills Wildcat.
LKIAH Oct. 19.— Violet Jones, a young girl
living in SUepy Hollow, near Cleone, hai
dlstin?uUh%d herself as a Nlmrod by killing
a wildcat measuring five feet and three Inches
from tip to tip.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 11>. — Governor Parde«
to-day reappolnted F. C. Ford * Notary Public
for San Francisco.
FURNITURE OF \
ENGLISH. DESIGN
is one of the season's
novelties for the Bed-
room. We show a par-
ticularly good example
in a 9-piece set,' the
simplicity of whose
strictly English lines
is relieved by tasteful
inlaid metaf designs.
SLOANE'S
114 to 122 Post St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,= FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, ,1905,
COMMANDING OFFICER OF COM
PANY H, LEAGUE OF THE
CROSS CADETS.
WILL PRESENT
MINSTREL SHOW
Big Benefit Will Be Given
for Company H of League
of the Cross Cadets
A minstrel show for the benefit of
Company H. League of ,the Cross Ca
dets, will be given at Native Sons' Hall
to-night. An unusually attractive pro
gramme has been prepared.
Billy Weston, the manager of the
Empire Circuit, has been training the
members of Company H for the chorus
and is jubilant over his efforts. Elton
Lambert, "the Frisco i favorite"; Fred
Walters of the Orpheum Circuit; Billy
Perri and Fred Gambold, a pair of
buck and wing specialists, will handle
the ends. James Donahoe, Fred Tracy,
Esco Ives and Billy Roberts will be
among the soloists.
The committee in charge has worked
hard and assisted Billy Weston great
ly to make a grand success of this af
fair and from all appearances the
house will be crowded.
The following is the committee in
charge: Thomas Fuller, chairman; W.
Harrington, H. Power, H. Milton, J.
Tehaney, J. Meehan, J. Sears, J. Bro
gan, H. Canning, J. O'Mally, A. Fin
nerty and J. Manning.
GREAT BAUER'S
GENIUS SHINES
IN CONCERT
A tribute to any audience was the
programme played by Harold Bauer
last evening at Lyric Hall. An ap
preciation that was a tribute .to any
player met It, though the house was
unexplicably small. Where are the pi
anists? Where are their pupils? To
hear a programme like last night's is
as good as ten lessons. Is it not, Mr.
Oscar Weil — you were there? Is it not,
Mr. Robert Tolmie, Mr. Wallace Sabin,
you were there? If this kind of sup
port meets the greatest pianist of the
day we shall not long be having here
the -great pianjets.'
Possibly last night's programme was
more a musician's than a lay pro
gramme, which would account for a
certain absent contingent. The same
cannot, however, be said for Saturday,
when will be given the third and last
recital of Mr. Bauer, with a nearly
popular programme.
Handel's Suite in G opened last even
ing's recital, given .beautifully in the
ancient style, its floriture delicately
pompous, its whole feeling antiquely
polished, and with such clarity of
technique! Mr. Bauer drops on one
of those harpsichord staccatl like
a butterfly in a bowl of cream —
and you don't, moreover, touch bottom
when he strides like Krishna from
star to star in the thunders of a
Schumann theme or in Liszt at his
most. The Faschingschwank was last
nighfs Schumann, epically handled. I
have three words to give to Caesar
Franck's prelude, chorale and fugue, a
work of tremendous reach but lesser
grasp that was last night introduced
here. Very free In form it is, char
actered uncertainly, distinctly Slavic
at times, at others Grleg-llke, and
again Wagnerlan. Its construction Is
highly Ingenious.- particularly In the
fugue, though it is throughout won
derfully clever. . Possibly the chorale
gives up most on first hearing. Aren
sky in "Au Bord de la Mer," Llzst with
"St. Francis Walking On the Waves"
— Where was Alkan's "The Wind?"—
were other numbers, with.Balaklnep In.
a brilliant scherzo and Poldinl In
a study .that was probably not writ
ten before Chopin's "Butterfly," com
pleting tho list. Like that, !t was
greedly redemanded. A beautiful pro
gramme, adorably played.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
YOUTHS' DIRECTORY
FAIR IS SUCCESS
Father Crowley Is Confident
Proceeds Will Lift Ruther
ford Farm Debt.
The bazaar for , the . benefit of the
Youths* Directory was closed last night.
The : tendance -on the last evening was
large. As t ather Crowley says, "I am
sure i it we have made enough to break
the heart of that mortgage on the Ruth
erford School." No statement of the pro-"
ceeds of the bazaar has been given out,
but Father Crowley is certain ; that . th«
fair has paid enough to lift the S mort
gagv.
Owing to the fact . that a \ number of
those who held; tickets 'on the prize auto
mob..e were . not present . last night, the
raffle was postponed. The auto will be
drawn f or.^ next Saturday •at the Youths'
Direotory Hall. The winners ;of other
prizes wl- be announced at the same time
and place. Uourke Cockran will 'lecture
for the ; benefit of ; the;- Rutherford* Fferm
at St. Hall to-morrow evening. 1 . 6
Merrymakers' Ball a I Success.
The Merrymakers' ; ball at ' Golden . Gate . Hall
last ' night was - attended :; by ' a large - crowd,
nearly 300 people being, present. Almost ail
of them participated ]In the dancing. < .
BANK FOUND
TO BE IN A
SAD PLIGHT
Enterprise National 1 Run in
a Hel ter-Skeltef \ Manner
Without the Knowledge
of Its Board of Directors
MANY POLITICIANS
DEEPLY INVOLVED
Accused of Having Made Use
of the Institution, and
Further Sensational Facts
Are Promised From Case
PITTSBURG. Oct. 19.— Investigation in
to the condition of the " Enterprise Na
tional Bank, which was closed by the
Controller of the Currency yesterday,
shows- beyond a doubt that the institu
tion was conducted in a manner entirely
unknown to the directors.
From a representative of the bank, it
is learned that since the investigation
started papers and notes have been
brought to the attention of the directors
which they never saw before^ Among
these papers are two notes bearing the
name of W. U. Andrews, who to-day
stated positively that he had no paper in
the bank. Bank Examiner Cunningham,
who is in charge of the institution, would
say nothing concerning this statement,
but the source of the Information Is
thoroughly reliable. - ' .
The statement made to-day by the of
ficials of the Santa Fe Central Railway
and the Pennsylvanian Development
Company on behalf of which Cashier
Clarke, who committed suicide yester
day, is said to have negotiated loans,
would seem to place all the blame on
Clarke, who so far as known, left no
explanation of the bank's relations with
the two companies.
Supplementary statements by signers of
the statement and their attorneys show
that they take the position that Clarke
was the fiscal agent of their companies
and that as such it was his duty to look
after funds and raise money when neces
sary.
STATE MOXEY INVOLVED.
The directors speak hopefully of re
storing thti bunk to solvency and re
suming business in a month or six
weeks, pointing to promises made by
those charged with getting money on
notes to make good the amount. They
also express the hope that Clarke's es
tate will amount to $500,000 or $600,
000, but in this they seem to be hoping
against hope. Whatever there is of it
will be used in straightening out the
bank's affairs.
The amount of the State money sup
posed to be in the bank will probably
reach $782,000, but the exact amount
will not be known for some days yet.
The State to-day entered a- Judgment
against the bank directors on their in
dividual bonds to* secure Its deposits.
These -^securities can be collected at
once.
A story current to-day was to. the ef
fect that had Clarke not killed himself
on Wednesday night both' the Santa Fe
Central and the Pennsylvania Develop
opment Company might now be held
by other interests. ;He is alleged to
have held what amounted to a purchase
of both the railroad and the develop
ment company and was in communica
tion with Interests in New York, with
whom he had practically closed a deal
for their sale.
To-morrow the directors of the bank
will hold a meeting to consider the
matter of applying for a receiver for
the Santa Fe Central Railroad. The
object! of this move is to secure reim
bursement for any loans that may have
been made to the promoters by Cashier
Clarke. \u25a0
CASHIER MAY BE DEFAULTER.
The developments following' the
tragedy and the closing of the bank
have been startling, Involving, as they
do, the "names of several prominent
citizens who have been active in State
politics.
According to President Gwlnner. the
bank, through Cashier Clarke, has fur
nished most of the funds used to float
the Santa Fe Central Railroad and the
Pennsylvania Development Company,
In which former State Senators W. H.
Andrews and Arthur Kennedy, and
Francis J. Torrance were deeply in
terested, together with Cashier Clarke.'
The two projects are allied ones. For
mer Senator Arthur Kennedy Is presi
dent of the development company and
former Senator W. H. Andrews la
president of the other. Francis ,'X.
Torrance Is heavily Interested In both
concerns and his confidential man,;W.
C. Hagan, is secretary of both com
panies. . .
An inquiry is being made into Cashier
Clarke's personal affairs. He was esti
mated to have been worth 5300,000, but his
friends say that he sanß all his assets
Every woman may be attract-
ive. Bright eyes, pink cheeks
and red lips are her nature-
given right. A sallow skin, lack
of animation, low spirits and ,
weak nerves may be avoided by
the use of Beecham's Pills, a -
remedy that, well deserves the
confidence of every woman.
Again and again they ' have
proved to be invaluable at those
recurring times when so many
women feel debilitated and suf-
•fer from nervousness, headache
and depression. It is wonderful
the way these pills assist Nature
and relieve: the^ suffering.
.Every woman ;\u25a0 who values
health and good; looks should
become a user of ' .
BEEGHfIM'S
PILLS
\u25a0- Sold Everywhere. In boxes 10c. and 26a -
:^^^^FpRAGERS BIG PURCHASE. ||w
wzl W& SUGtITLY DfIMfI GED CARGO ON SALE W0
AT RIDICULOUSLY LOW PRICES. ygg?
M We made a lucky buy of thousands of dollars' worth of freight
taken off the wrecked steamer Alameda and will inaugurate
a most remarkable sale of these goods at 8:30 this morning.
The offerings include hundreds of Blankets, Comforters, Bed Spreads, immense
quantities of Table Linens, Towels, Imported White Goods, Flannels, Calicos,
Muslins, Sheetings, Lace Curtains, Ginghams, etc, all more or less damaged, but
in almost every instance the marketable value of the goods has not been im-
paired. Some are thoroughly water soaked, others only slightly dampened,
while a good part have -been somewhat soiled on account of rough handling
during the hasty transfer from ship to warehouse.
Practically every piece is as good as new and no permanent damage has been done.
Twenty-five extra salespeople engaged and special arrangements made for prompt delivery
of packages.
Best Calico, 3c Yard Cuttain Scrim, Yard 5c
1000 pieces of the best Calico made in this country. 40 pieces of yard-wide Scrim in white and £•
Light, medium and dark colors, suitable for ladies' cream for sash and cottage curtains. Salvage 7%f
and children's dresses, wrappers, etc.; also men's sale price, yard '. «^V
and boys' shirts. These goods could not be JT 1()r . llnhlparheH Mndin I/* Varrf
bought regularly to-day at double the Salvage \f 1UC ' UnDieacneO MUSIM, 5C XarQ
Sale price; a yard Absolutely nothing the matter with it but an insignifi-
\u25a07- 1. - s"_~f.~~.~ c V-..J ' cant dampness. A heavy, fine, closely woven p*
leptiyr UingnamS, bC rara muslin, I yard wide and the regular ioc grade. *} £
Solid colors and striped Zephyj" Ginghams and Seer- Salvage sale price ** **
suckers; some domestic and others foreign JT We also have 50 pieces of the I2^c grade which we
make; all worth \2y 2 c and some 15c a yard. T£ o ff er at c a yar( j.
While they last, will go at, yard
Imported White Goods, Yard We >• . : WW f 00 L B ' an * ets : $2's*2 ' 5 * , i
, .r . , . , T , ,„,, .. \u0084 , Here is a lot of wet and otherwise soiled, large, heavy
Hundreds of yards of fancy Imported White Goods: woo , B i ankets in wh i tc and gray. They are odd
some embroidered, others with openwork and , Qts of from 6to 2O pairs of a kind and c one
pretty hemstitched effects. Positively worth A fk worth twice our Salvage price; also a /f 7T
from 35c to 50c a yard. Salvage sale price, J \JQ few of the highest grade blankets. . jb^ #4 Jj
75c Sheets, We Table Linens at Next-to-Nothing Prices
As a matter of fact the trifling dampness of these i-j^v are just a little off color on account of salt
Sheets makes them all the better. There are 50 ' water damage, and on this account we cut them up
dozen only in this lot. They are large size, j nto ,jj and 3 yard lengths, priced at barely noth-
heavy, double-threaded sheets, material of />A- ing. These will be found on the bargain tables and
, which would cost 65c. Salvage sale P"ce,*jp^^ should be inspected early, as they will be snapped
each •. up quickly.
$2.00 Comforters for 95c $2.00 Lace Curtains, 50c Pair
ioo dozen heavy quilted oateen Comforters,** mi These curtains are 36 to 54 inches wide and r* f\
in 20 styles; worth every cent of $2.00. *^3C from 2^ to 3*A yards long. Special while *1 II {"
Salvage Sale price ......** ** they last, your choice,, a pair *^
There are a few dozen of other kinds ff ~j* jTC Other Curtains, some two pairs alike, others 12 pairs
which sell regularly for $2.^5 each, jk I Q^ of the same patterns. Regularly priced up to
which will be sold for *r • $6.00 a pair. • Salvage sale price, |Pf) Ort
I $3.00 Bed Spreads for $1.75 lnd\^::.T:.J.\'! s :.. sl^..f!: 9^^^^
Heavy Marseilles Bed Spreads of quality. If * CZCA I D A' C ' * ""t1 05
it were not against the principle* of our house thest - . $J.JV L3Ce DeQ D€fS, pl.yj
spreads would be sold for theii\regular value, $3.00, Only 100 of these fine champagne color lace Bed Sets
the damage lo.them is so trifling— fP jj "ft* for large double bed; both Spreads £«f ft CT
nothing further than a few salt water Jk I / J and Shams. While they last, Salvage jS I W*V
spots here and there. Salvagesale price *r *•» *^ sa j e pr j cet sste t *r M •**+
81-lnch Bleached Sheeting, Yard 19c $3.00 Portieres, $1.65 Pair
There are only 50 pieces in this lot of snow white Just 510 pairs of Armure Portieres in 12 colorings
double bed sheeting, 81 inches wide, and *a f^ and combinations to select from. /r» „* £?
while it lasts we shall sell it at the Salvage mjf Special while they last, a pair ni nw
sale price, a yard ..................* * v m ...r 1 •**%*
FRIDAY <UWPRI<%F NO &&
No Telephone or C 0. D. Orders . These Prices tor Friday Only
75c Flannelette Gowns, 50c Oualitv Creamery Butter I MO c Shams, pair 19c
Made of good quality of fleeced flan- x ' \u25a0 fcHlllfcl ' wmh^i stamped Shams, 30x30 Inches In
nelette; cut with a deep square The kind that has always Wj size, with wide hem edge and
yoke, full sleeve with a deep cuff; a/van perfect satisfac- U *1 f stamped in pretty designs suitable
yoke, cuff and collar trimmed *: enmoc J V for outlining: or solid work; good
with wash braid: all sizes. 14 to T/on ouu^nc value at 40c pair. Friday Surprise
, 17. Regular 75c value. Friday price, pair 19c
surprise price ....sue GROCERIES SPECIAL $1 25 Hand Baas 89c
Children's Knitted Drawer Castile soap— Large ba^o-f,. For Friday we win place on sa ie
lonntne *'»/• e^ imported; bar dLIL our regular $1.25 Hand Bags,
UZyyiny, JJ\. r«^« ri,«:— vv-<.*-,« #%« made of good quality leather, with
Made of all-wool Saxony yarn. v,orn — . western "J/£— strong mountings and handles. In
shaped in at the legs with strap sweet; dozen, uoc; 3 tins fa iV< black, brown and tan, with coin
/» satsssss &£**&& w> Lowne y' s G ™ nd s™ .r. ld . c :.... F :! d ! y ..^^c
ce^!#^l|^gS^| OfO !f cs ~I;~ I ; .*:"!:::: 25C Mother's Friend Waists and
65c Infants' Gowns, 48c stuffed Pickiea— Large size; JT r Blouses, %3c
Made of soft Daisy Cloth and button each *'*' Boys' pure woolen Mother** Friend
fay Kingan's or Morrell's Sliced <y Q/ , f£ nh^^ig£Fsi&n h^^ig£F5i& "Rl
the collar and sleeve are trimmed Boiled Hams— Lb &SL quality that always dold at 75c.
with narrow linen lace. Regular. p . , „ . \f rtrr -ii'. /„ • Friday Surprise price 43c
T:!".^; .!T! da f. s "' p '!" .^ r 4S^ . f?. -.f! .?7.^f!. f . »."...! Black Lining Silk, yard 29c
fI.SO Wrappers, S9c h This Silk Is 19 inches wide and
\u25a0 These Wrappers- are made of ; ifl. /-^k. 'I..v "'\u25a0••?*" 9 ' s our re sular.4sc yard qual-
percale. in dark colors; have .ys \u25a0 - - - - . . S ity. Specially priced as a
yokes front and back: belt all JR §| 4b*ra*fe Ww -^V^ H**fl^& I Friday Surprise, yard 29c
around; neat full sleeve, 0S& ~~JHI g§ /^ RBn K^ M Fine Pnpeterlen. box 31c.
lined to waist; all sizes. Reg- «3 "~ra H Alia Ht| [I fci zL» Eaton <t Hurlbufs Japanese
ular price $1.25. Friday Sur- \u25bc© \u25bc V /y^ Fabric is the name of a new
prise price SJ)c fra f^ **&i creation In fine papeterie:
fancy borders, full size hand- . SJfAr%S{'F B 7'rrr^ m Wf%k//rC CTT| velopes in a box. Sold regu-
kerchiefs; good value at 10c. MAJHIY £/£*& ZJUfl£& *J/*J larly at 40c Friday Surprise.
• Friday Surprise **-" \u25a0 ' . ' ' ' ' box 31c
in an attempt to reimburse the bank,
and that his suicide followed his failure
to stem the tide. They declare he was
ruined by business , associates and that
It wlir be found he is a defaulter.
r CHAHGES MADE BY JUDGE.
".Commenting 'Upon -'Andrews' denial that
he had received any of the bank's money.
Homer L. Castle, the Prohibition candi
date for Superior Judge, said:
If William H.- Andrews says that he never
received a penny, from tho defunct ; Enterprise
National Bank and i- that -'his name does, not
appear on paper for a \ loan secured from that
Institution, he Is guilty of an unqualified false
hood. I cannot say . whether, or \u25a0 not . hl« : loans
from the Enterprise aggregated so large &
sum as $4Co.ooo.\asha« been, reported, but do
know, and ,am prepared to prove. . that his
name Is on; a note at that bank ; for $200,000.
The : note \u25a0 was Indorsed by ; Francis 'J. Torrance
and. Arthur Kennedy,- and • the loan wa» gained
through l^ Andrew*' \u25a0 pull, which :..' Insured ; the
bank a State deposit. :
I believe; that I have information -aufflctent
to show -that, certain ' State officers lent dlrfOt
assistance • to-" the men who secured targe loans
In ; the Enterprise '• Bank upon collateral which
has no known value. > To-morrow, night I apeak
at Milton, Pa.,' and, at that time I shall take
occasion to - make public Information . which
hag. come to me along ; these lines. \u25a0 ;
PHILADELPHIA.^ Oct.". ; 19.— WJlliani
Mathews,, State Treasurer Tof HPennsyl
vania, "i In an - Interview, to-day asserted
that the \ State .funds,; possibly; .$782,000,
deposited V" In i the ;f Enterprise ; National
Bank of Allegheny, were amply; protected
and \u25a0 that the State; would not lose la dol
lar. He also i declared 5 that i he ' had no
knowledge" whatever'" of " the" dealings " of
the bank with Andrews and his railroad
affairs or with Senator Penrose and
others, as alleged by Homer L. Castle,
Prohibition candidate for Supreme Court
Judge.
Temperance Workers In Session.
FRESNO. Oct. 19 — The twenty-sixth annual
State convention of the Women's Christian
Temperance Union began' ln this city this even*
lng.° The convention will last until next Tues
day. All , the meetings will . be held tn the T.
M. C A. building, which r.aa been elaborately
decorated by the local union. Up to the pres
ent time two hundred delegates have . arrived.
The opening sesslsTi to-nignt was a session of
welcome. . ..\u25a0 ' • . / \u25a0
The Xevcs Letter Will . Help Mayor
Schmltz .
To retire from office if It continue* to print the
political editorials for which it Is becoming
noted.- : There are other political editorials that
will interest all San Frabciscans. -
The "Looker On", hag a great number of lo
cal gossipy ".Items, while the : regular . depart
ments are as cleverly written as usual. *
Institute Will Vlalt Santa Roia.
Members of the San Francisco councils of
the Young Men's' Institute will go to Santa
Rosa next Sunday' to help Initiate a class of
candidates tn 'that, city.' Besides the i Santa
Rcsa Council teveral of the councils from"' the
neighboring towns will be represented and
their candidates initiated.. The excursion will
leave < this • city, from .. the ..Tiburon ferry at 8
a. \ m. , / Sunday, and will arrive . in Santa Rosa
In \u25a0 time . to assist at . high masa at St. Rose's
Church ; . . ' j
Baby Is Fatally Scalded.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Oct. 19.— The sight
months old son of Mr. and Mrs. Tin* Van Gor
don, prominent r«»t<J«nts of Cambria,' died to
d«r from scalds rocelved last week whea the
little tot pulled a pot of bollln« water off Urn
table. H9HBttHttsl
YOUNO MOLIX RKLEASEIX— United BUtes
District \u25a0 Jwdsr* da Haven yesterday restored
Samuel Mclln. a young soldier boy. to . th*
arms of his father. Samuel • B. Molln.
on habeas corpus. Young Molln enlist-
e-1 In 7 Colonel Charles Morris* command at
the Presidio on \u25a0 March 8. without, the , consent
of hla parents, while he was under the a<e of
13 years. \u25a0.."„* . % ;-t; -t ;
Spend Your Christinas In Old .Mexico.
A special train, equippetl with Pullmans and
diner, will leave San Francisco for Old Mexico
December 18. Coins trip will be mac!e straight
through to City of Mexico over the Southern
Pacific, via" Lo« Angeles and El Paso. Return
may be made via Grand Canyon* over the Santa
Fe Tickets for the round trip will jbe $30,
elxty day limit. An excursion agent will .ac
company the party. Further particulars or
Southern Pacific agent. , • . •
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
____— ____— - — — . . j , - —\u0084 .-— — . . \u25a0\u25a0 -i — — - 7"™" "
ADDRESS XI.L. COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN MeXAUGKT. . . . ;..... ._. -^
runL^ro^oFi-icirT^Tr. .... rmplTAr<u~^nii^^vE^j^_J^^^
FRIDAY. 7. ".OCTOBER 20, 1905
THE REAL ISSUE.,
TO every thoughtful citizen of San Francisco the issue in this
campaign is respect for law and order and the performance, of
public duty without graft. Mr. Partridge by his stirring dec
larations has made himself the representative of that issue. So
far the onJy attempt -made to discredit him is by the organs of the
administration, which try to impeach the sincerity of the relorm
movement. Those organs unwittingly admit the need of reform
when they insist that it cannot be expected under an administration
headed by Mr. Partridge. This kind of campaigning is evidence
of the strait in which the grafters find themselves. Heretofore
they liavc. won by division of the opposition and the nomination of
separate tickets. This resource was taken away when the two par
ties combined. The platform of that combination was tersely
elated by Mr. Partridge in his ratification speech, when he said:
* : Ur?it has no principles, and honesty should have no politics.".
The graft organs find it necessary to divide the opposition, and
they seek to do this by harping upon the insincerity of the anti-
graft movement. Under the charter the Mayor is the real ruler of
the city. He appoints all of the executive boards and commissions,
and he* controls their policy. When the police looked on, indifferent
and unheeding, while citizens were assaulted on the sidewalk and
in the street cars by lawbreakers incited by the Mayor and Mr.
Ruef. it meant that the Mayor had decided to suppress newspaper
criticism by unlawful violence, and that through his control of the
Police Commission the members of the force well understood that
they must stand in and let the riot proceed.
Citizens learned in that incident that when the Mayor chose to
remove from them the protection of the law he did not scruple to
<k« it. for the advancement of his own ends. His conduct' was rep-^
rchensible and revolutionary. It was the use of official power in a
private fend, and for personal purposes. By the time the Republican
League movement crystallized in a Republican convention, regu
larly and lawfully chosen, the Mayor was emboldened to go fur-»
ther. and the police understood well what they were expected to do.
They were counted on to aid in breaking up the Republican con
vention, and to do this they committed a crime by breaking down
the gallery doors of the Alhambra Theater to admit a" mob for the
purpose of browbeating the convention. The Mayor had denied
to citizens the peaceable use of the streets by turning loose a y mob
to assault the buyers of a newspaper that he disliked.
SFroni this it was an easy step to deny to the people the right
peaceful assembly, which is guaranteed to them by the constitu
tion of the United States. It is his duty and that of his police to
protect the people in public assembly. It is part of his official
oath. But he. by his agents, the police, tri§d to prevent such assem
bly, and in the effort crime was committed in his interest. It is
possible that graft may exist in an administration, and at the same
time such primary rights as the use of the streets and peaceful as
sembly may be secure. It is possible that graft may exist without
violation of the ballot box and debauchery of the franchise. But
here we have a trinity of shame. Graft exists, the peaceful- use of
the streets and the right of assembly are denied, and the ballot
box has been stuffed.
Use and familiarity beget indifference. These flagrant viola
tions of right and law are openly justified by Mr. Ruef and are
condoned by the Mayor. These offenses are committed with frank
openness and in view of everybody. Can it be possible that any con
siderable number of our citizens feel that they are the necessary
incidents of municipal administration, and that there is no use
trying to prevent them and secure something better? Can it be
possible that use and familiarity have bred such indifference that
the people will make no effort for a change? It is perfectly plain
that the Mayor and Mr. Ruef think that indifference has reached
that stage, and that all they have to do is to charge that Mr. Part
ridge is not in good faith and that if elected he will let things go
on as they are, only turning' to his own benefit the acts that now
unlawfully promote the political • fortunes of the 'Mayor and the
lush graft of Ruef.,
Against this subtle form of attack we desire to warn the people.
It is an attempt to make it appear that Partridge is no better ihari
the Mayor, and it is hopeless to strive for a change. We know the
sincerity of Mr. Partridge. His ever)- utterance, the incidents of
his career, the moral make and fiber of the man, all stand ia evi
dence of his sincerity. He is on the firing line of reform as truly
as Folk was in St. Louis, Jerome in New York* and Weaver, in
Philadelphia. Every pledge of good government that he makes
will be redeemed. The laws will be enforced, civil service upheld,
the police made to do their duty under his administration. '
If the people want these improvements in the city administra
tion they will support him. We believe they want such an admin
istration as he promises and that they will support him. If any who
want something better in city government than we are getting, say
that the time has not come, and that the instruments of change
in sight are not adapted to their purpose, and that things must go
on getting worse before they can be made better, such are making
a mistake. The immense power of an administration in this city,
if used for wrong purposes and to promote graft, presents a danger
of the most appalling magnitude. We see arrayed now on the
fide of Ruef and the Mayor every form of official power and every
phase of vice and disorder.
When these, in a line-up fight, are permitted to prevail, their
number and power will increase until far other means than those
now in action will be necessary to break their grip on the govern
ment of the city. Now is the time to strike, to use the excellent in
strumentalities that are at hand, and if the co-operation of citizens
be as cordial as the necessity for it is great, we will get now the
reform which later on will be nearly impossible.
THE CHINESE STUDENTS.
THE Western world is getting a glimpse of what Japanese ex
ample is doing for China. Japan-was regenerated by applying
the knowledge gained by her students in the schools and uni
versities of the United States and Europe. That knowledge over
threw the feudal traditions, transformed the people, created repre
sentative institutions, promoted general education and made Japan
a power in the world, the first Asiatic power that has existed for
centuries, and the only one that has earned admission into the fam
ily of Nations. It was the work of students.
Heretofore China has educated many men in this country and
Europe, but on returning home they have been absorbed into ths
ancient system, without effecting any change in its structure. Now
a different use of Western education is appearing. The Chinese
students are organizing in that empire to apply their knowledge
to a change in its genius and methods. They propose to retain the
impressisris of the new life they learned in the West; and to create
a new China to face the new Japan. Their action supplies a strong
reason for extending to the Chinese the opportunity and hospitality
of our American schools and universities.
We need not go to China for all of , the material. We have, it
here in. the Chinese who are domesticated among us. There are
hundreds of native born Chinese who should be encouraged, to get
education here, that they may carry it back to the land of their
fathers for the uplifting of the blood of which they are a part. They
have the extraordinary advantage of knowledge of English. We
should not neglect our opportunity to have our part in the lifting of
China from the inertness of centuries into the light of modern op
portunity. , -
Mrs. Elizabeth Hunt of Brooklyn celebrated her 105 th birthday re
centij' by riding in an automobile. Evidently she has lived so long that
death has no terrors. — RochesterPost-Express.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. OCTOBER 20, 1905.
KEEPING INFORMED
WOMEN THRIVE ON ILLUSIONS.
Wise Husbands Should Encourage Their Dreams.
ANGELA MORGAN
ONE of the most difficult ideas for
a woman to adjust her mind to
is the thought that the man to
whom she- is betrothed or married. may
not regard their attachment as the love
of affinities.
A woman's love is based on this the
ory of affinity. It would be hard for
her to love perfectly if this were not so.
If there is any one suggestion that
the 'woman of sentiment and imagina
tion simply refused to accept it is the
Intimation that the man of her choice
is not the choice of destiny; * that he
was not selected for her and she for
him by, some power outside of them
selves — a power mysterious, mighty
and not to be gainsaid.
In her heart she believes all- the
gods, fates, influences, forces in j. this
world and other worlds, perhaps, have
united in bringing about their meeting;
that their souls have been approach
in s each other, calling each other, per
haps, for centuries.
Any suggestion given by the man
she loves to show he does not share
her belief is a rude shock to her , feel
ings and her love suffers from the ef
fect a3 a tender plant suffers from
MIRROR OP DAME FASHION.
6TYLJSH I RAIN OR : TRAVELING, COAT.
A Lli of the , rain-proof materials ; are made Tup after ; the ; most* fasclnatlns -
J\ fashions ; and this : garment i of , griff onette displays several ; of \u25a0 the ; newest
ideas ; in ? this \u25a0;, line. ". The. back -is plain," fitted at ; the' waistline j by, means '.
of pleats. The > collar "extends into a; plastron Jin > the: front, "crossing' over,
to fasten in double-breasted: style and dropping ; over^thei fitted^ belt at ; ; the*
waistline. The : skirts " to " this coat ; are fashionably, full, stltehed-down pleats*
appearing; at ' center, * back ' and front, little \u25a0embroidered* crow's" feet marking, 5
the : ooint of ; release. .The sleeve 'is a ; loose * tailored'; design, ; withY- stiched ,;
strapping • cleverly, fashioned:: into a cuff effectat the wrist.: Machine stitch
ing upon : plastron. f .belt •" and : cuff is* the only, attempt'at^trimming,' unless one i
includes the : ha"hdsome * buttons that appear on both sides of the 'plastron
front,;; '.; ..\u25a0 - \ , . '
rude treatment or neglect.
Woman's affection draws a largo
share of its sustenance from this be
lief in the permanence and the fatality
of love. : A :.\voman's ideal ( 6f -love ? . -is
rooted in this faith; the man she mar
ries is her affinity, and they belong to
each other for time and eternity. .This
idea forms the very atmosphere in
which her love lives and breathes. De
stroy this belief and her love gasps for
lack of spiritual oxygen. ,
Yet how few men are wise enough to
refrain from destroying this '.'illusion,"
as the practical masculine mind would
term it.
I. believe much unh|ipplness in mar
ried life could be traced to 'the tact
lessness of husbands'in assailing this
beautiful ideal of love cherished by
their wives.
The other day I heard a young busi
ness man make this frank admission:
"I have never believed in affinities; the
idea is absurd to me. Every. man that
marries,-- no matter how happily," could
doubtless have found contentment
quite as great had he married any one
of a hundred other women."
I fear it is true that this young man
HANDICAPPED.
EEF I could talka Merican
Like wat I can Italian,
So stronga langwadge eet
would be
You would be scare' for joke weeth me.
Een Italy 1 am so queek
For theenk of sassy theeng to speak,
.Wen som' wan niakln' fun weeth me,,
*Dat nexta time dey !et me be." ,/:.";'.
Da professori :from ( da school
Som' time was try for mak'.me fool;
j Ah! well, dey find, you. bat my life,.'
My tongue ees sharpa like da knife.
'So, evra wan was .'f raid weeth me
Wen I am home,' een Napoll.
But een New Yorka Ceety here s
Ees deefferant; an' eet ees queer!
Da streeta keed, so tough, so. small, -
He ees no scare' weeth me at all.
He talk to me so /sharp, bo queeck
My tongue ees gat too twist' for speak;
Hemak' da face an' laugh, an' den ,
Ees gat me tangla up agen.
Wen he ees two, free block away
I theenk of som'theeng sharp to say
Dat mak' heem stop from be so tough
Eef I have say eet quick enough.
Well, mebbe eet ees better bo,
Baycause eef such a keed could-know
How sharpa tongue ees een my head
He be so scare' he droppa dead!
— T. A. Daly, in Catholks Standard and
; / Times. 1^
voiced the conviction of the averagre male
on the marriage question.
Men are essentially practical In all their
views. They have been compelled by
circumstances to develop the practical
side: of their lives to the exclusion of
those finer enjoyments known by. women
who, as a sex, have had : greater oppor
tunity to explore the higher regime of
mind and soul.
It is difficult for the average man to see
the "sense"; In women's lofty views. To
comprehend what Is meant by the "splrit
ual" r in love. That is why, few masculine
mindsfsee the "reason" in;the theory of
sour affinity.
But that gives no man the right to as
sail his wife's beliefs; nor does It give
him' cause to shatter her
There would be far more ' happiness in
marriage if men would seek to see the
reason in the feminine view Instead of
ridiculing it,' because they do not com
prehend lt.v.
A woman's love Is made up of "Il
lusions." Why should any, husband dispel
them? They give to marriage & deeper
significance; they help to keep the wife
courageous and loyal. They are'the very
basis of her happiness.
Husbands, If you cannot accept the
lofty ideals of : your wives, : at least keep
your views to yourselves and permit the
women to be, happy.
Never let I your wives think you believe
you could have found happiness with any
other 1 helpmate.
. Unless you have the courage to oonf ess
your views before marriage, don't make
the disastrous mistake of giving utterance
to them afterward.'-" : :' ; \u25a0
' .Your courting, days : were ; full of charm
and color 'because "you encouraged your
sweethearts- In. holding t Just > these 'lofty;
beautiful Ideals of love.* \, In those days
you , claimed to believe jin affinities and
soul^ love. i? \u0084.„.. '... I • \u25a0; • -\u25a0
Keep up the idealistic side after'mar
rlage. Don't destroy the "Illusions"^ of
your wives. . \u25a0 - : t .
THESBGET, BIG V SUMS.
There are five men : in? New V York who
receive^ as ; salaries twice as much as the
President: of v.the United States. -There
are twenty 'besides*, who ; receive 4 25 . per
Cent more;and there" are at at least fifty
who : receive ', as much. % This is ;not taking
into account ithe men, whose incomes from
all sources exceed the salary of ,the Presi
dent. Of such' there are! at least one thou
sand/ > In ithe Presidential salary class are
William /H. iTruesdale,',; president 'of.: the
Delaware, J Lackawanna>and Western Rail-,
road; -Samuel r Spen^fer of Southern
Railroad ; \u25a0E/ P.*t Rlpley.i of > the ; Atchison ;
George J.GouldAWhose combined salaries
as president lof > a.'- half-dozen roads ; really,
bring him >, into a i higher;? list ; S." - C. T.
Doddi'f counsel ' of • the : Standard I Oil ? Com
pany ; •' , Lym an v v Jl~ '\u25a0 Gage ; ; of i; r the !*~Unlted
States » 'j.TUStLCompany ; Levl" P. \u25a0/ Morton
of ' the *. Morton Trust : Company ; ' Edward
King - of ; the -Union " Trust ; *A: fJ. Cassatt
o £ the Pennsylvania Railroad ; \ Charles S.
Mellen of ; the New'vYork.i New Haven and
Hartford - road,t : and VValentlne , P. * Snyder
of the Bank of Commerce."
OCCIDENTAL
ACCIDENTALS
A. J. WATERHOUSE
MISSY POSSUM.
ONE dayer trlflln', no 'count strash
meet Missy Possum an. *
He look at her so longin* dat
she couldn' helpter smile.
An* den he say. "You sholy is de
sweetes'jin de lan".
An' if you'll- take an' marry me we
11ns '11 lib In style.'.'
Den Missy Possum she look down an*
den she look erway. 1
. An' den she sorter whlspah, when
her eyes am' meetln" his,
"Dls yere's soe unsurspected dat Ah
don't know what ter say,
But would yo'.. mln' ter mention an'
ter tell me who yo' Is?"
I Oh. den dat trlflin'. no 'count trash he
strut eroun' erwhile
An 1 he say, "Ah ts a membah ob de
'stinguished feline" .tribe.
An' Ah ax yo' foh yo' 'tentlon dat man
..does i 3 cut in style,
Foh we kitties 'sis perticklah as any
folks alibe."
Den Missy Possum blush so red de. red
rose seemed lak white. J
An' say, "Yo* is de coaxlnest ob deah.
delightful men."
An* he whispahed .to her sofly. "Yo Is
man haht's delight";.
An' den : dem two* was married, lak
some oder folks hab ben.
Well, den dat trlflin', no 'count trash
took Missy Possum 'way
To her new home, an' dah she sniff
an' say, "Le's fumergate!"-
But he say, "Ah don 1 smell nuffin, an'
Ah's only • gotter say
Ah hopes yo* don' sergest It, to Ah
tells ittto yo' straight."
Den Missy' Possum sniff an' weep an
sniffin' say at las'.,
"Yo tole me yo's' a kitty when yo*
wins mah.haht an' soul.'*Jv
An' he say, "Yo' triflin' possum, no Im
pertations cast.
. Foh Ah sholy is a kitty— ob de kin'
dats 4tnown as 'pole." -.
Ah wants to tell you', honey, dat ah's
watched de 'nubial game,
An' Ah's seen some lubly * possums
. ter dat kin' ob kitty wed.
But Ah neber seed a single one dats
, happy in de same/
Unless dey cauguc a grejus cold dat
sholy stopped deir head;
An' Ah tell yo' furder, honey.* if yore
ob de possum kin' —
An' suttinly Ah hopes yo* la, foh
possum's hahd ter beat —
Dat yo'd .bettah take de trouble fo'
yore married foh ter fin!
Dat yore gwine ter wed a possum —
foh dere's oders not so sweet.
PROBLEM FLOORED HIM.
"If a man and a half can eat a squab
and a half in an hour and a half for
a day and a half at a time and a half,
how long will it ,take the dog to "tree
the coon?" '.-"-;." \u25a0(.-'\u25a0 -,
For a long time the pale, dejected
appearing young man sat and studied
and studied and studied; then he wear
ily lifted his' head and' spoke to the
friend who was near him.
"Alas! I cannot find it." he Bald.
"Cannot find what 7"
"The answer to this problem."
"You bet you can't!" /
"Why not?"
"Because there is no answer to It."
'"But I found it in the paper."
"Well, the editor will have to answer
for the paper, but nobody will answer the
problem. And why. do. you waste what
ought to be gray matter on it? Honestly
now, do you give a. whoop whether the
dog treed the coon or not?"
"No, but— well, you see — "
"You bet you don't; and \u25a0 neither do
some thousands of other slirpletons who
waste their time over similar conundrums
care how, old is Ann, or why a hen Is,
or what is the solution of any other
problem that appeals through the drool
of imbecility to the drivel of inanity.
And yet these thousands and tens of
thousands continue their childish solu
tions of the unsolvable, while the . world
has valuable work that needs human
hands and brains for the doing. Go to !
If you have a mind use it where a mind
should be used; if you have not, don't
play with its Imitation."
"Well, I—" began the pale, dejected-ap
pearing young man; but then . he threw
the problem in the waste-basket and
said no more. •
HOUSE OF BLOCKS.
The children built a house of blocks.
And I admired It duly;
With minarets, drawbridge -and locks.
It was a marvel truly.
A truant breeze passed Idly by.
As if man's love 'twere wooing.
I saw the' house all shattered lie-
That breeze was Its undoing.
Man toils to build a structure fair.
Tolls on and never ceases;
A breath of slander wanders there,
And, lo! it lies in pieces;
And yet build high the fragile walls;
Your castle fair, inclose it-
Far better he whose structure falls
Than he whose breath o'erthrows it.
"Was that Miss Brightly* best gown
that she wore at the theater last night?"
- "It must have been."
"What makes you think so?"
"She didn't enter the theater till dur
ing the second act." ,
"What sort" of a man Is ol<| Halow?"
"Well, he claims that he has been
sanctified, and that makes all who hear
him happy."
. "How so?"
"Why, to ; reflect : that they have not
been, you know."
Once there was a good, noble, honest,
virtuous professional politician, who— £
Come to think about it, the editor has
asked me not to write any more fairy
HER REASON.
"So^.Jack's : wife; has , left him—
: I am sorry • to r hear it I"
"I \u25a0 thought '- you didn't like
Jack?" \u25a0-.-' \u25a0_-./ v ffim
"I don't— that's why I am sorry
to j hear she has : left him."
SMART SET
SALLY SHARP
The announcement of a marriage of
much interest through the State Is that
of Miss Alice Louise Senger of Berkeley
and Thomas Boyd Hutchias Jr. of Grid
ley. Butte County, the ceremony to take
place next Wednesday. October 20.
The bride is the daughter of Profes
sor and Mrs. J. H. Senger. a maid at
tracting the admiration of all who
know her. and though many friends are
desirous of attending her wedding 1 , tne
service will be quiet and only for those
of Intimate acquaintance.
Rev John Hollinc Lathrop of tn*
Unitarian Church will P«*£>"? , * h . e
ceremony at the home of tH^ brid es s
parents. 1429 Spruce street. Berkeley,
at 6 o'clock. In attendance will be
Mrs. Dudley V. Saeltzer. a sister of the
bride, as maid of honor; Ernest Q.
Linscott. a close friend of the groom
serving as best man. with, Samuel
Eastman and George Senger. acting In
the capacity of- ushers.
From g to 10 a reception will »•
held, and to this are bidden a large,
number of guests. _ '.
Mr. Hutchins is the son of the late
Thomas Boyd Hutchins.an^early pio
neer of California. Settling In \u25a0Butt*
County many years ago. he amassed
much wealth and property bavin*
very extensive interests in cattle and
orchards. . ' . . \u0084,
Professor Senger occupies the chair
of German In the University of Call-
will •^y^foUow.
the marriage, after which Mr. Hutchins
will take his bride to Gridley. whereh*
has a beautiful" home.
Miss Anna Strunsky entertalnedT «n
interested circle of listeners at the
Sequoia Club last evening by ncr lec
ture on "Underground R<»» a . »t^
full of instruction and most intelligent
ly exposed by the clever young * alk9 f-
Sequolans are exhibiting much ani
mation as, well a. intellectual pursuit,
and next .Thursday's programme prom
ises much in the way of Jollity. -A
dance in the nature of the early day
fandango, with lights, music and cos
tuming in accordance, will hold forth
In all its bubbling gayety under th«
supervision of Miss <**•?<*?, . J 1^ 9
and accordeon will combine tbrtr. con
trasting tones to the H. 3 pirayoa ot
very lightest fantastic toe.
Then later In the season mort
schemes well planned will be divulged
and Sequoias' outlook Is fairly a-glit- -
' ' '
Miss Maye Colburn will be one of
.the early November hostesses at a
large luncheon to be given at her home
on November 2i
•• - •
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Wolle of
Berkeley will be the honored KUf stß
at a reception to be given next Mon
day evening. October 23.' The affair i*
to be directed. by the officers and di
rectors of the Musicians' Club of this
city and will be held at 1474 Washing
ton street.
• • •
Mrs. Gerrit Livingston Lansing's
apartments at St. Dunstan's were filled
yesterday with guests for an informal
game of bridgeT
• • •
Mrs. Frederick Spencer Palmer wa3
hostess at a tea yesterday in honor of
Miss Edith Fabregou of New York.
Though the affair was informal many
callers arrived for a chat with the
young visitor, whose stay In this city
Is nearly at an end.
* * • •
Miss Grace Llewellyn Jones, with her
mother, has been spending several weeks
at Raymond's in the Santa Cruz moun
tain?.
The autumn Is most conducive to out
door life and many are lingering away
from town this year even later than
usual, several San Franciscans having
gone during the past fortnight for the
mountain air. Among the recent out
goers have been Mrs. Sidney Van Wyck.
Mrs.' Alice McDonald. Royden William
son and Mrs. Alice Prescott Smith, au
thor of "The Leerat«-e.*'
• • •
Mrs E. W. Runyori has returned from
a few days' visit in Piedmont and Is at
the Palace awaiting the arrival of her
mother, Mrs. J. S. Cone, who is visiting
her daughter, Mrs. John Dickenson Sher
wood, in Spokane.
Mrs. Cone and Mrs. Runyon will pos
sibly take a house in San Rafael for th»
winter.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Pierson Durbrow hay»
recently returned from a six weeks' East
ern trip which was delightful. During
that time Boston was visited, the attrac
tions of that city leaving a deep impres
sion and many pleasant days were spent
within its gates.
Mr. and Mra. Durbrow are settled for
the winter in their Broderick street home.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Walter A. T>an and
Miss Helen Dean are in town again. for
the season, occupying their apartment*
at the Palace Hotel.
Mrs. Reginald Knight Smith left yes
day for New York to remain a few weeks
with her mother. Mrs. Irving Bcott.
-.'.": \u2666 • • \u25a0
Miss Edith Downing was the honored
guest at a large card party given yes
terday in Oakland by Miss Carrla But-
Several society matrons of San Franei*
co are going to Oakland to-day to attend
the charity tea to b« given at the homa
of Mrs. E. C. Farnham. Th» affair is for
tho West Oakland Free Kindergarten
* \u25a0 r- 1 «•
tales for this department, and so thta
story will have to be discontinued at
once. -
Townsend's California glaea fruits
and choicest candies In artistic flr«
etched boxes. New store. 767 Market. • ~
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1041. *
A LONG WAY OFF
Hoa*x— I see that the motormen
of.thts'line who struck for stools
to sit on while working have won
their /strike.
Joax— Yes; I suess after awhile
even f the i passengers will be abl«
to, get seats.REACHES PLACE NEXT
TO THE BISHOPRIC.
Rev. Father Dabovich Raised to High
Position in Orthodox Church.
rorrLAR frikst ok thk kl?sian orthodox chi-rch who has been'
PROMOTED BY ARCHBISHOP TIKHOX. HE WILL HAVE CHARGE OK THE
SERVIAN AXD SLAVONIC BRANCHES 'OF THK CHVRCH IX AMERICA.
Arrhbifchop Tikhon of th<? Russian East
*>n Orthodox church, has JUFt iebnfefred
the Mitr* and Pectoral Cross and Staff
on the R*v. Father Sebastian Dabovich,
\u25a0n-Hh i>owors of administration over the
Benrtan and Slavonic branches of the
church In North America.
Th*> archimandrite to which Fathor
I»abovjch ha? been elevated i? but one
*rep from th*> bishopric, and although all
archimandrites are not siven the Mitre.
this exceptional honor has been bestowed
upon Father Sebastian as a special re
ward.
Father Sebastian Dabovich was born
It. San Francisco in 1863. He took theo-
JlTieal courses in St. Petersburg, Kleff
tf.:<i Belgrade, and on the completion of
hi? studies returned to the United States
t!i<J was ordained in the Russian
» athedral in this city.
ls&zt year, prior to a third trip to Rus
sia and Servia, Father Dabovich, who
l.ad received the different grades of the
ciergy, was created abbot. He is the
author of many theological works.
Father Dabovich will now devote .him
*elf to organizing and systematizing the
*ork of the Servian and Slavonic
branches of the church in the East, and
has already established his headquarters
in Chicago.
TOvf- Hallway Company.
Articles of Incorporation of the M»rced Can
yon Railway Company were filed yesterday.
Th« capital stock is $4,000,000. of which $100.
\u2666OO has been *übecrib«>d by the director*. A. U.
Parson. E. E. Calvin. Harvey K. Gregory, I.
W. Hellman Jr. and William F. Herrln. In
* in* article* of Incorporation It Is stated that it
it the purpose to construct a road from Merced,
XTereid County, In a general northeasterly Jl
i»ctlon end following the general course of the
Merced River to a point In Marlposa County,
cear the boundary of the Yosemite National
Park. The estimated length of tha proposed
rcaa !\u25a0 nin«ty miles.
VIOLATE BLASTING ORDINANCE.—Hen
ry Hartllmr a private detective, obtained war
rarta from Police Judge Cabanies yesterday
for the arrest of Jobn Kelso and E. Tardelli.
cor. tractor*. They are accused of violating the
crCinance prohibiting blasting operations on
Telegraph Hill.
J» POSTI3I CEItEAIi.
COFFEE NEURALGIA
l.farn Whrn You Qul< and Us* Poatnm.
A lady who unconsciously drifted
Into nervous prostration brought on by
coffee, cay«: •
"I have b^n a drinker all my
Ufe and used It regularly three times a
day.
"A year or two agro I became sub-
ject to nervous neuralgia, attacks of
nervous headache and general nervous
prostration which not only Incapaci-
tated me for doing my housework, but
frequently made it necessary for me to
remain In a dark room for two or three
days at a time.
"I employed several good doctors,
one after the other, but none of them
was able to give me permanent relief.
"Eight months ago a friend suggest-
ed that perhaps coffee was the cause
of my troubles and that I try Postum
Food Coffee and give up the old kind.
I am glad I took her advice, for my
health has been entirely restored. I
have no more neuralgia, nor have I
had one solitary headache In all these
eight months.- No more of my days
are wasted In solitary confinement in
a dark room. I do all my own work
with ease. The flesh that I lost dur- j
Ing the years of my nervous prostra-
tion has come back to me during- these
months, and I am once more a happy,
healthy woman. I inclose a list of
n*.mes of friends who can vouch for
t|B truth of the statement" Name
R/rrn by Postum Company, Battle
CreekJ Mich.
There's a reason.
T«>n days' trial leaving off coffee and
using Pottum Is sufficient. All grocers.
PERSONAL.
H. Cartan or N>w York City Is at the St.
FranriF.
<\ M. Brice, an attorney of New York, i«
at the Talace.
Thomas Vl^res, a merchant of Los Angeles,
Is at the Palace.
J. H. I>ickey nf New York City U registered
at the St. Francis.
Captain Benyon of Quebec, Canada, Is regis
tered at the.. Palace.
W. C. Harvey, a tourist from Halifax, is
Maying at the Palace.
D. J. Desmond, a prominent contractor of
Los Angelas, is at the Palace.
Dr. Pauli and wife, from Frankfort-on-Main,
Urrmany, are registered at the St. Francis.
4 J. J. Satterthtvalt, a leading manufacturer
of Wellington, Del., is staying at the Palace.
Dwlght H. Miller, a leading: hardware mer
chant of Sacramento, is registered at the St.
Francis.
Dr. and Mrs. 11. Kelson Jackson are regis
tered at the St. Francis from Chihuahua,
Mexico.
Dr. Purvee Stewart of l»ndon and Dr. H.
L. Parish of Calistoga are spending a few days
at the St. Fraud*.
C. D. Menziea of Edinburgh, Scotland, who
is making a tour of the United States, is reg-
Isteied at the St. Francis.
TV- D. Crowe, editor of the Yreka News and
owner of printing plants at Santa Barbara and
el*owhere, i« at the Grand.
Jeremiah Lynch sailed from New York for
Europe yesterday on the steamship Deutsch
land. He will visit Egypt and make a trip
up the Xlle.
M. P. Dalton of New" York City, who is in
terested In several cold and 6llver mining
properties in Nevada and California, Is at the
St. Francis.
Frank Plxley, who wrote the libretto for
"King Dodo" and "Woodland" and who Is
now workln* on a new opera to be produced In
the near future. Is registered at thn St. Fran
cis from New York City. He will leave shortly
with hla wife for a trip to Japan and the
Orient.
Cnlffornianft In »vr York.
NEW YORlf. Oct. 19.— The following Cali
fornlans have arrived in New York: ~ri
From San Francisco — H. I. Bennett at the
St. Denis. A. Goldberg at the Herald Square.
D. C. Mitchell at the Astor House, T. Nichols
at the Cumberland; W. Ad^ms, Mrs. G. ft.
Adams. Miss Adams at the Wolcott; Mrs. F.
Cunningham at the Grand, Mrs. H. G. New
hall at the Park Avenue. S. J. Prlngle at the
Everett House, M. Salsbury at the Murray Hill,
J. M. Sherrot at the Gilsey House. W. J.
Webster at the Hotel Astor. F. C. Weed and
wife at the Hoffman, Mn. L. H. White at the
Grand Hotel. J. C. Campbell at the Cadillac.
A. Cora and wife at the Astor House, C. W.
Hawes at the Park Avenue.
From Los Angt-les — M. M. Dodge at the Im
perial. C. L. Penney at the. Park Avenue, Dr.
J. W. Trueworthy at the Navarr*. I*, p.
Compton at the St. Denis, I. J. Harris at die
Hotel Imperial; B. Gilpln. T. H. Phillips at the
Park Avenue; R. F. Bumham at the Savoy;
11. L. Miller. B. A. Woodward and wife at the
Herald Square. H. Winters at the Broad
wsy Central.
I ) il n Kin ill r I'rocerclf tin* Stayed.
Proceedings in the Dunsmuir case were
brought to a stop yesterday by a telegram
from tne Supreme Court announcing that the
writ setting aside -the order probating a copy
of will had been recalled. The writ by law
should not have been sent to the County Clerk
for thirty days, thug affording an opportunity
for the filing of a petition for a rehearing. A
deputy Supreme Court clerk through error
sent the writ out Immediately. - When the
Justices learned of the mi&take they Issued
the order of recall. The status of 'the case Is
In no way changed. It Is alleged that the
report that Miss Hopper wished i to compro
mise emanated from James Dunsmulr's news
paper in Victoria. Campbell. Metson <fc Camp
bell, attorneys for Mrs. Hopper, declare posi
tively that no overtures for a compromise have
been mad* and that no person has been au
thorired to make such overtures.
ARMY AXD NAVY ORDERS.
WASHINGTON., Oct. 19.— Army orders: Con
tract Surgeon George L. Marlon, United States
army, will proceed from Enlgln, in., to* San
Francisco and take the transport about No
vember 0 for Manila, and upon arrival will te
port to the commanding general of the Philip
pines Division for assignment to duty. . Captain
Robert W. Rose, Twenty-first Infantry, having
been discharged from the United '[ States Army
General Hospital at the Presidio at San Fran
cisco, will report to the . commanding general of
the Department of California for asslgnmtnt to
temporary dntv. Poet Quartermaster Sergeant
Herman Hecht upon arrival in San Francisco
from the Philippine Islands will be . sent to
Fort D. A. Russell, Wyoming, reporting to th*
commanding officer for duty.
Navy order: Assistant Engineer R. E. Car
ney, retired, will be detached from 'duty. In
connection with the naval coaling plant at Saa
Diego to the Enterprise. -
THE SANI FRANCISCO CALL,; FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1905.
EXPOSES MONEY
LENDER'S WAYS
Assistant District Attorney
Hanley Secures a Warrant
for C. H. MorrelTs Arrest
EMBEZZLEMENT CHARGE
Accused of Drawing a Salary
Demand of Leo .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0lff. Cas
tillo Without Authority
Assistant District Attorney James
Hanley, who has been active in pro
tecting 1 members of the Fire Depart
ment from the exorbitant rates of in
terest charged by money sharks, g-ot
Leo M. Castillo, a member of Truck 6, to
swear to a complaint 'before Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday afternoon
charging C. H. Morrell, room 609, Ex
aminer building, with misdemeanor em
bezzlement.
Castillo borrowed $62 50 from Mor
rell on October 2, 1901, on a note -in
wWch he agreed to pay Morrell 10 per
cent interest per month. The follow
ing conditions are printed in the note:
If any of said payments are not paid when
due and payable, the whole of the principal
sum then remaining; unpaid shall forthwith
become dv« and payable at the option of the
holder of this note. And to secure the pay
ment of above note, I hereby authorize Ir
revocably any attorney of any court of record
to appear for me In such court, any term, time
of vacation, or before any Justice of the* Peace
at any time hereafter, and confess Judgment
without process in favor of the holder of this
note for such amount as may appear to be
unpaid thereon together with costs and $10 at
torney's fees, and to waive and release all.er
rors which may intervene In any such-pro
ceedings and consent to immediate execution
upon such Judgment, hereby ratifying and con
firming all that my said attorney may do by
virtue thereof.
Castillo made one payment of $20
on the following November 30, leaving
542 50 unpaid. On this amount Cas
tillo has been paying Morrell $4 25 per
month since, making a total for inter
est of $237 75. The last monthly in
terest was collected on September 18.
It is alleged that Morrell, without hav
ing any power of attorney, drew Cas
tillo's salary warrant on September 30
for $98 for that month, retained $50 to
cover the amount remaining due ' by
Castillo, and handed the balance of
$48 to I. Franklin & Co., money brok
ers, to whom Castillo is indebted. That
left Castillo and his wife and five chil
dren without a cent in the house to
buy provisions and to pay rent.
Hanley made a demand upon Mor
rell for the $48, but the only answer
he got was that the money had been
handed over to Franklin & Co. Cas
tillo declares that he never grave Mor
rell a power of attorney and that the
drawing: of his salary warrant was en
tirely urvauthorized.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR AUXILIARY
HOLDS ITS MONTHLY MEETING
HiiNineNN, Storloi, Munlc and Kefrmh
mrnt* Serve to Complete a Happy
Afternoon nt Utopia Hall.
The October meeting of the Ladies' Auxiliary
to California Commandery No. 1, K. T., was
held in Utopia Hall on Wednesday afternoon,
October IS. After the regular business meet-
Ing short stories were told by all present. Miss
Ada McDonald winning tne prize. A delight
ful musical programme under the direction of
Mrs. E. P. Held was enjoyed. There were ren
dered an instrumental duet by MUs Ada Mc-
Donald and Miss Carrie Crocker, .guitar solo by
Miss Elsie Tooker, vocal selection by Miss Ada
McDonald, violin solo by Miss Grace Freema-n
with Minn Bonnell as accompanist. All pres
ent enjoyed a dainty repast served by Mrs. A.
Huber, Mr 3. L. Atwood and Mrs. 11. Dam
kroegar.
Those present were: Mrs. William Crocker,
president; Mr». Robert W. Neal. first vice pres
ident; Mrs. P. F. Ferguson, second vice presi
dent: Mm. J. B. Charleston, treasurer; Mrs. C.
O. Gebhart. secretary: Mrs. W. K. Fletcher,
assistant secretary; Mrs. A. Larsen, Mrs. 1,.
Atwood, Mrs. A. Huber. Mrs. F. H. Johnson,
Mre. C. A. McJunkin, Mrs. F. C. Payne, Mrs.
M. Harris, Mrs. William Koenlg, Mrs. G. W.
WHtman Mrs. E. G. Koenig, Mrs. George
Brown, Mrs. W. W. Stockcr, Mrs. F. B. Lurid,
Mrs. E. J. Morser", Mrs. C M. Taber, Mrs. C.
C. Morehouse, Mrs. H. Damkroegar, Mrs. 'XV.
R. Jones, Mrs. T. O. Raabe. Mrs. E. P. Heald,
Mrs. R. L. Radke, Mrs. A. Haas. Mrs. H. Har
rington Mrs. A. Krelg, Mrs. J. Young, Mrs. S.
A. McDonald, Mrs. J. L. M. Shetterly, Mrs.
XV. E. Murray, Mrs. G. H. Newman, Mrs. E.
F. Joy, Mrs. T. J. Crowley, Mrs. James Bocard
and Mrs. C. T. Cleve.
Open for Humliipnh.
W« are making .several alterations in our
store, which are in the picture,' frame,- artist
material, leather goods ana stationery depart
ments, and customers can be waited upon
without the slightest inconvenience. Holiday
goods arrivhiK dally. Come and see us. San
born, Vail .t Co.. 741 Market street. •<
L.BVENSON ACCUSED OF FORGERY.— C.
H. Koehncke of the Enterprise Brewing Com
pany obtained a warrant frcm Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday for the arrest of Philip
Levenson on a charge of forgery. He alleges
that Levenson forged the name of his father,
M. D. Levenson, president of the Condensed
Milk Company, to a check for $75 on the
Donohoe-Kelly Bank on October 14. The check
was cashed byKoehncke after the defendant
had indorsed it.
Men'a .ill-Wool Snltn for *S or,
At Herman Lesser s. J057 Market
street. Any person for $8 65 can buy
an all-wool suit that is worth $15. Why
not take advantage of a/ good offor
when you have a chance, at Herman
Lesser's, 1057 Market St., opp. Jones. *
DEBPONI'ENT MAN INHALES GAS.—
Daniel Fifcnegan, because of despondency, tried
to end his life yesterday by inhaling gas.
H« was taken to the Central Emergency Hos
pital In time to save his -life..
Stop!
Shoes to match your dress at Burns',
112 Geary street. •
FALt. PROVES FATAL.— John J. Murphy
who lives at 32 Ellis street, died at the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital yesterday from in
juries sustained by falling down a \u25a0 flight of
stairs Wednesday night.
,« ~; \u0084 "' ' . . ".','"• '-''" '>_ :: '''*'.;v>^.!-" .-\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 .....'-''.'. - ; REGAL 6HOES. '"''." '\u25a0 .. " ..
\^k The Only Shoe that Proves
1 \^^Br^ c RpS^ proves in the parts which you can see and in the hidden
I "\u25a0'^Sil^^fesl:-'"-' It proves what it is made of before you p^y your money and it
I proves you weren't mistaken after you give it the longest
I i^^^^^^^^^^^^^> famous 7 Regal buzz-saw has been used in the
1 -window of every Regal store, and it is busy all the
I \u25a0 time in some one of the Regal stores — cutting up sfcocs
• 1 ifllilpPl. °^ ever y ma^ e » including Regals, and proving what they
9 i^^^^^^^^S The* Regal " Window of the Sole " proves to you be-
1 fo re y° u fry on the shoe that the sole is honest, old-fash-
| ; l ioned, everlasting oak-bark- tanned stock. Every other shoe
R I^^^^^^H -has the fibre of the sole completely concealed by
I black fiilish or chemical stain. The "Window of
I 5^ the Sole" is a removable seal on the bottom of every
i shoe - Next time you try on a Rega1 ' turn up tho
Eg mm J^^^^^^^^m^^SKN^ "window" and see the unstained natural color
| n| 'l^^^^^^^^^^^^^fe^^ and close - set flbrc of solid live " oak leather.
I ' c want y° u t0 know that shoes you
\u25a0 iliiii starte s wearing Regal shoes we want
S "CAMPUS" I^^^^' '^^^^^^^^^Hkv them t0 wearsoweU that no others
'*' This is an ideal shoe for will ever suit you agaia Because it's
Ith z man who appreciates style J-Q^^MJ jJPll\ c re S U^ ar CUStOmeTS that keep th«
in footwear, but who insists on 97 Regal stores busy. It's the new
rotors '".id but regular customers *** maka
Biucher-cut top are made of the li necessary for us to open new
finest all-round leather in the worl d — Stores all the while
quarter sizes Mail Orders Promptly Filled
I shoe business to
MEN'S STORES _ WOMEN'S STORES
S2« Market Street . ) - . SAN FRANCISCO .; 830 Market Street
17 (KKnrrell Street Oaklnnil Store, 22 San Pablo Avenne 1T CKarrell Street
COMMERCIAL SCHOOL
WILL CLOSE EARLIER
Boa rrl of l]d ucat ion . Grants
Petition Filed by Pupils
and Parents.
A delegation of pupils from the Com
mercial High School appeared before the
Board of Education yesterday to urge
that the school be dismissed at 3 o'clock
instead of at 3:35 p. m. Roncbvieri said
the extra half hour was intended for
practice on ths typewriters, and George
Fletcher, father of one of the pupils, said
this was done at; the expense of the
health of the pupils. .
Director Altman thought that as the
petition for the early closing had been
signed by the parents of all the pupils
in the school who wanted it closed at the
same time as other high schools it was
entitled to consideration. Langdon spoke
on similar lines and a motion to close
the commercial school at 3 o'clock pre
vailed, with Roncovieri voting no and
Altman and Boyle in favor. The petition
was prepared by the student body, and
the committee appointed to interview the
board consisted of Ella Fletcher, Ethel
Lundherg, Gladys Couth, Ellsworth Fitz
gerald, Perclval E. Williams, Harry New
man and Miss Nerisca Nolan.
Teachers' certificates were granted to
Arthur Marcurda, Ethel A. Young, Mar
gnret Sullivan. Josephine O'Connor, Eliza
beth E. Morgan. B. S. Grozelier, Flor
ence Lynch? Edwlna Frary, Edith Btich
ness, Martha Kuck, I^oretta Best, Mrs.
May Watson, Ma^y Fitzgerald, M. E.
Gray, Annie Whitley and Ethel McClel
lan.
The leave of absence granted Miss Ella
J. Morton, vice principal of the Hamilton
Grammar School, gon August 10 \ was
extended to December '11, on account of
ill health.
Director Altman was dolegated to paaa
on the request of supervisor of drawing
that assistants be appointed In five
schools to aid in the teaching of draw
ing. ,'
WRIT OF ATTACHMENT.— At the Instance
of D. A. Curtln attachments were served \u25a0by
the Sheriff yesterday, on five launches belonging
to Elizabeth Peterson, lying- at Folsom street
and Melges wharves, to secure a claim of
$2393 Ifl for which suit was brought.
GRAND OPERA
\u25a0 Performance Brglns at S o'clock Sharp.
TO-NIGHT.
OTELLO
. With PetrPllH, Grasse. Ansiol<>ttl, Salasja. !
TO-MORROW MATINEE.
IL BAHHIERK 1)1 SIVIGLIA .
With TETRAZZINI, Bazelli Gregoretti. Dado,'
- . . Cervi. . .
, TO-MORRO\V NIGHT.
CARMEN.
"With Alice 1 Ticci, Coppola. Moreo,
Dado. Cervi.
. SUNDAY NIGHT.
HIGOLETTO
With TETRAZZINI, Coppola.. Gresorettl.
REPERTOIRE FOR NEXT WEEK I
TUESDAY NIGHT— DINORAH
.With TETRAZZINI, Bazelli. Greg-orettl.
WEDNESDAY NIOHT-OTELLO
THURSDAY NIGHT — LUCIA
FRIDAY NIGHT— LA BOHEME
With Coppola, Moreo, Teccl. Gravlna, Dada. j
SEATS ON SALE for ALL. PERFORMANCES.
Every Nlght-v Matinees To-morrow and Sunday.
. The Most Popular' American Play,
IN OLD
KENTUCKY
The.GreuteHt of AU Home Raoe*
THE FAMOUS PICKANINNY BRASS BAND.
SPECIAL
OCT. 29— SUNDAY MAT, AND NIGHT ONLT.
PEGGY FROM PARIS
c™™''BEN-HUR''
MAJESTIC ';--
TO-NIGHT AMD ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES TO-MORROW & SUNDAY.
THE NEILLS
In Paul Leicester Ford's Virile Romance
..JANICE MEREDITH..
-'"Arouses the 1 audience to the greatest en-
thusiasm." — Call. -~.r' . ' •
-' Next week — Frank Bacon in "The County
Fair." Soon — "The.Llghi jfiternal." j Prepara-
tion,' "lottery of Love." ' .
Coming — "If I Were King.". -,
Evenings, 25c, BOc, 75c. Sat. Mat., 25c, 60c.
Bargain Mats. Thurs; and Sun., 20c . everywhere.
Jy IJ9EDDY ST. :M JKaBOVE MASOK
; TO-MORROW, SATURDAY.
0. MATINEE, OCT. 1 31.
HAROLD BAUER U^^k
Reserved ' Seats. : $2, 1 1 60 and $1. Now on
sale at Sherman. Clay & co.'s. • .: '. —
Mason and Hamlln Piano Used.
SEATS NOW ON SALE!
'AtHAMBRA TH EA T ER ;"
THURSDAY NIGHT, OCT. 28.
t < SATURDAY MATINEE, OCT. 28.
\u25a0 :, Prices— l3, : s2, $1 60 and $1. ;-- • ;
; '.. Box I Office at". Sherman, i Clay. & Co.'b. ':\
\u25a00% B lAI 0\ Ammunition, ; Hunting .» and
\u25a0HI ImII" Sporting Goods. Largest
\u25a0_I llu stock. -Lowest prices. Send
111 |IW| \u25a0 for catalogue.
UVIIV SHREVE & BARBER CO..
:T^ : : --, .... \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0Tr ;• ,T39 Market. st. and 621
i;'' . \u25a0_\u25a0 ! _..-.'. Kearny st. . . . '.
~^~~~~j»3lUS E ME£rTJ!^^
COLU iHIIS Sk w mi
LAST 2 NIGHTS — MAT. SATURDAY..
Hi RQBSON
In Her International Success.
"MERELY MARY ANN"
j A Natural Comedy by Israel Zangwlll.
BeKlnnln* SUNDAY NIGHT
' Following His Great Australian Triumphs.
ANDREW MACK
In His Latest Irish Comedy Success.
\u2666•TuM MOORE."
Hear Andrew Mack render the. splendid
Prices during Mack engagement. 25c to $t 50.
SEATS NOW READY.
Keep your eyes peeled for "The College
Widow."*
wireless "Telegraphy,
Demonstrated by Captain Bloom i
The Three Neva rum; Raymond and Car-
erlyt Dean Edaall and Arthur Forbe»,
and Orpheum Motion Picture*. Last
, Time* of
ARTHUR PRINCE;
The .Melanl Trloj Browning and Wally,
LESLIE &dDAILEY.& d DAlLEY.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
, Prices— loc. 25c and 50c.
VAAtOttMu
V BUSH STREET **l
PHONE MAIN 127. .
CHAS. P. HALL. Manager.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2U5.
25c— NO HIGHER.
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING.
Matlneen Tuex. Frl.. Sat. and San.
Th* World Famous
\u25a0'•'MAY-HOWARD
EXTRAVAGANZA CO."
Presenting
••Mile. Fi-Fi" ant "The Rounders"
livening" Prices— loc. 15c. 23c, 50c. 75c, all
\u25a0 v reserved. Matinees, 21*;. all reserved.
Next Week— > u The Star Sbovr Girls.**
ARNOLDOTS'JACUARS,
PANTHERS AND LEOPARDS.
And a High-Claw Entertainment Every
. Afternoon and Evening: In the Theater.
TO-NIGHT. '
' GALA "AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
\ . \u25a0 • Concluding With a.
Novelty Contest for .. Fat ' Ladiea!
RIDE ON THE CIRCLE SWING!
VISIT THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD!
RARE i ANIMALS IN THE ZOO!
CA KB WALK - SATURDAY NIGHT!
ADMISSION .......10c T CHILDREN....... Bc
See the Bablea In the Infant Incnfcatorm.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL!
AT RECREATION PARK.
SEATTLE vs. OAKLAND
WED.. THURS. < and FRIDAY : . . . . .3:00 p. m.
SATURDAY .........3:00 p. m.
5UNDAY. ..:.................;....: .2 :30 p. m.
Admission, '3sc;! Grand Stand,' 6oc.
AMUSEMENTS.
All A/.AK Proprietors.
±±L-d\J±\£-lJt±JL\ E. D. Price.
Business Manager.
"A Company of Bt«r»."— Call.
"Remarkable production." — Chronicle.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
Wlnnton Churchill's Civil War Romance,
lite CRISIS
Eves., 25c to 75c: Mats. Sat. Sun.. 23a to 60s. .
MATINEE NEXT SUNDAY.
NEXT MOV Klr*t Tine In Ttato City
Clyde Fitch' a Charm Ins Comedy.
APRIL WEATHER.
As Played by Sol Smith Russell.
SOOV — Virginia Harned'a IRIS.
CENTRAL®
Market Street, Near Eighth: Opp. City Hall.
Phone South 633.
\u25a0 . * — ri \u25a0
TO-NIGHT — ALL WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Thrilling Melodrama,
"TRACKED AROUND
THE WORLD"
100 People en the Stag*! GoTjeotis Bceiwry!
POPULAR PHICES— Evenings. 10c to We:
Matinees. 10c, 15c and 25c.
Xm(->THE GIRL. ENGINEER.'* .
I '\u25a0 . s
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
The Reigning Sensation!
ROLLER SKATING
MECHANICS 1 PAVILION RINK
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
AdiMfjfton 20c. La<Ue« Fre* at 3lat».
THE
Los Angeles Times
S AN FRANCISCO OFFICB
IS NOW IN
Room 41, Chronicle Bids.
Telephone Main 1472.
Arthur L. Fish, Representative
The Times is the advertising;
v medium of the Southwest.
PALACE
HOTEL
Compressed Air cleaning; plant.
Room telephones.
•Steam neat and open flrea.
Perfect ventilation.
! Pipe organ and orchestra.
' \u25a0 Perfect aervlc*. .
Unexcelled . cuisine.
Every luxury attainable.
U/.T.HESS,
Notary Public and Attomey-at-Lavr.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus - Spreckels bid's.
Telephone Main 9S3.&pIHS
Residence, isvZ McAllister st. ;- \u25a0
Residence Telephone Page S64L
Weekly Call, $1 Per Year f
910
SPORTS
PAGE
DOG BOARDS HOMEWARD TRAIN
IN SEARCH OF HIS MASTER.
John Bourdette Leaves Ani
mal at Suisun, but He
Chafes Under Bestraint
HASTENS TO STATION
Makes Friends With Hunter
on Car and Is Later
Returned to His Owner
John Bourdette, the well known gun
man, need not fear that his Irish water
spaniel, Jack, may get lost, for the ani
mal can take care of himself any time.
Jack and his master were out for the
opening shoot on the preserves of the
Prlngle Gun Club on the Sulsun marshes
on Sunday. At the conclusion of - the
day* sport, Bourdette concluded to leave
the &og at the club house In care of the
keeper. Possibly if Jack could talk he
may have told his master that It was all
r:pht to hunt on the Sulsun marshes but
'-.virg there was not as comfortable as at
his San Mateo home.
The dog was kept in confinement for a
couple of days but yesterday when he
was given his freedom he. made .for home.
Gcing to the station, which is four miles
from the club house. Jack boarded a
train for home. He mixed up with the
passengers until he came across a few
hunter* whom he found to his liking. Cal
McMahon of Bartlett Springs, who was
among the group, took possession of the
canine. He knew that the animal be
longed to some hunter, so, when he ar
rived In town he telephoned to the
Pringle Club and found out Bourdetto
had been scouring the country for the
spaniel. -\u25a0- \u25a0 -
McMahon took the animal to Bourdette,
who is an attorney in the Claus Spreckels
building, and the animal 6eemed to be
elated when h<* was before his master.
It is likely if Jack had been let go his
way he would have come to town and
then boarded a train for San ilateo, where
Bourdette lives.
POE BROTHERS LIKELY TO
OFFICIATE AT BIG GAME
.MrniiKT Barrett of Stanford Arrange*
With Southern Pacific for Good
Transportation Facilities.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 19.— John
P. Poe Jr. and Neilson Poe, both graduates of
Princeton, \u25a0will In all probability act as officials
at the interc-ollegiate gair-e between California
and Stanford. They are at present in Tonopah.
2i(v.. and will be notified pending the decision
oi Mamigprs Barrett and Decoto.
John P. I'oe Jr. played on the Princeton team
in 1891 and 1892 and was football coach for
several years. Neilson Poe «as a graduate of
the class of *97 and was coach last year.
Manager R. W. Barrett of the Associated
Students has announced that all difficulties re
garding the handling of tne immense crowds
which will Journey to Palo Alto from San
Krancisoo and San Jose save been done away
with and a cheap and convenient schedule is
apsun-d by the Southern Pacific Company. The
excursion trains from Fourth and Townsend
streets will leave every twenty minutes, be
ginning at S:l5 and continuing until 12:30.
Special ticket* issued are good on these train*
only, but are valid on aiiy train leaving Palo
Alto in the evening.
LIBERAL INDUCEMENTS
ARE OFFERED HORSEMEN
California Jockey Club Increase*
Amount of Money to Be Given
Away Coining: Reason.
If money is any Inducement to bring horse
men to the Far West the Xew California
Jockey Club will make a strong bid for popu
larity the coming season. In addition to the
two $1000 and two J'JOO handicaps to be de
cided each week durinp tne season Secretary
Treat announced yesterday that the associa
tion would ha- r up one $500 purss every day.
Ap a new Innovation there will be one event on
the programme «»ach day for which an entrance
fee of *10 will be chargec. This latter etyle
of race will have a tendency to keep out the
cheaper class of horses and substantially in
crease the winner's end.
The Mukc event* of the New California
Jockey Club close on October 23.
EIGHT COLLEGE GOLFERS ...
ARE STILL IN THE GOING
Good Work of Gee, the Princeton Man,
Stamp* Him an a Likely
Winner.
GARDEN CITY, L. 1., Oct. 18.— Eight col
legiate golfers were still in the race for the
individual championship or the Intercollegiate
Golf Association at the close of to-day's play
on the Garden City links. Of these, four were
from Yale, three from Prmceton and one from
Harvard. Percy Gilbert Is the single repre-
Bentatl\o left for Harvard. Yale has four men
In, one of whom made th» second b«st score In
the qualifying round to-day.
The hopes of the Princeton men are centered
In the good all-around work of H. J. Gee. who
up to the present has the best record of the
week. The feature to-day was Gee's excellent
form In the qualifying round.
HIBERNIANS WILL ENTERTAIN.— The
annual entertainment and ball of the Ancient
Order of Hibernians will take place at Scottish
Hall to-morrow evening. The proceeds will be
Cevoted to Uie «lck fund of the order. The
Gaelic Daaoing School Is assisting to make the
affair a eucces*. .\u2666si:
(I Make Men Strong
I have. devoted my life to the devel- r— .
opment of manly vigor. r,ve made a -,X 7,, X 7,
great success. My methods are now be- Wherever you are,
lngr approved by the greatest scientists I think I can give YOU
and doctors and copied. a.%. ~ — n ~ r .
Tvc proven, that electricity is the ba- tlle name Of a man m
cis of all animal life, and that "weak your town that I have
men," dyspeptics, rheumatics, sufferers cured lust <u>nA mt*
from lost energy, weak kidneys, pains A sena me
In the back, head, chest and shoulders, y our . address and let
* from varicocele and Its allied weak- me' try.
nesses, etc., are weak in electricity. I
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt,
life S'n^S^Yjafi SMIJS^gV h^ OUrS &
night. It refreshes the nerves, expands the vita oowe? s fnr°i^ ry
the circulation and makes you. feel bright active Vmfvu?,?' cn . rJcne9
night's use. -You get stronger each day?! Jnd I in a fSe w'e/ks" you a?l
a new man— stronger and younger in tho fire of vmth Tt i. S J*
thh.^ethod of mine, and every man who Z% % fveTused - it is frTlt
FREE BdOl/^^ff iV^^%S^«£-{j v |^ty tteee w ce a a nn k d fu !l
declining. It Is worth reading. If you have tried evir\rth?«£ •
and believe In nothing this book will convert you Vthe ivf r re' c S?
a^oniuTmi^r^lir I^' ASk for ' " Call^if
DR. M. C. IVIcLAUCHLiINI ° 06 EET
, Office Hour.; Ba.m.toB p. m. Sunday, 1Q to 1. Not S °o'ld IlI ln a d?u" g CO stor e 3.
COMMUTERS TAKING A BRACE
JACK, THE CLEVER IRISH WATER SPANIEL, OWNED BY JOHN BURDETTE
WHICH BOARDED A TRAIN AT SUISUN" AND CAME TO THIS CITY IN
SEARCH OF HIS MASTER.
"TERRY NEXT,"
AVERS NOLAN
Nelson's Manager Believes
McGovern Is Capable of
Putting Up a Good Fight
Special D: t patch to The Call.
KAX6AS CITY, Oct. 19.— "1f McGovern
has really come to himself again, he will
probably be the next opponent for Bat
tling Nelson." said Billy Nolan, while
discussing "Terrible Terry's" match with
Tommy Murphy in Philadelphia.
"I have always considered him a great
fighter and I am much pleased at the re
sult of the fight in which he seems to
have displayed all of his old time bril
liancy. "McGovern was always a dan
gerous man and I was not surprised that
the match ended as it did. When the
Brooklyn fighter went to ths bad, and
was placed in a sanitarium In New York,
my great regret was that he had not
lasted long enough to give Nelson a show
at him.
"The styles of both boys are somewhat
the same, as each likes to mix matters
and a go for that reason between them
would probably be a great success. Both
weigh the same and therefore are nat
ural rivals.
"Now that he seems to have recovered
his old form nothing would please me
better than a match between the two.
You can say for me that whenever a
suitable purse is offered that I am ready
to sign articles of agreement for a Nel
son-McGovern go at any time."
SAY DREDGER IS NEEDED.— Complaint
has b»«en made to the Harbor Commissioner
that the bottom near Fisherman's Wharf is
badly In need of dredging. A petition filed
by A. V. Splivalo. representing the fishermen,
sets forth the fact that the boats are unable
to land at low tide and asks that the bottom
be dredged. The petition was placed on file
and the matter will be considered at an early
date.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1905.
SPLITS-A-BOTTLE
MEETS DEFEAT
Bartagns Proves a Surprise
in Fifth Round of the
Kansas Futurity Stake
CHAPMAN. Karis., Oct. 19.— The sur
prise of the day. at the National coursing
meet here to-day came in the fifth round
of the great Futurity stake for pups when
Spllt-a-Bottle, owned by Wilson & Allen
of Victor, lowa, who had been the favor
ite all through the previous rounds,
went down to defeat before D. K. Car
tir*s Bartagus. The lowa pup was heav
ily backed and much money was lost
on account of his defeat To-day's re
sults:
The Futurity, fourth round— La Garcia beat
I«dy Bell. 0-1; Affection beat Lord Brake.
4-1; Doc Bushman beat Miss Golightly, ;$-2 %
Eplit-a-Bcttle beat Vivid, '4-1; Roller Coaster
teat Coboconk. 3-2; Bartagu s beat Lord Berry
7-2; The Flight beat Kildare Kitty. 8-6; Look
at the Clock beat My Surprise, 13-9; Great
Iforthern beat Sandusky, 7-2.
The Futurity, fifth round— Affection beat La
Garcia, 5-4; Roller Coaster beat Doc Bushman
8-3; Bartagus beat Split-a-Bottle, 0-5- The
I 'light beat Look at the Clock 7-2; Great
northern a natural bye.
The Futurity, sixth round— Bartagus beat
.affection. 0-7; Great Northern .beat Roller
Coaster, 8-1; The Flight a natural bye.
The Sapling stake, third round — The Coun
try Girl beat Cecil, 6-5; Gammon beat Mlrs
I*l am Belt, 6-2.
The Country Girl and Gammon will run in
the final of, this event to-morrow.
KID McCOY MAERIES
A WIDOW WITH MONEY
Hereafter the Notorious Pu
gilist Will Be Known as "
Norman Selbjv
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.-Norman Selby,
"Kid McCoy," was married at 6 o'clock
to-night at the Algonquin Hotel, in West
Forty-fourth street, by. Rev. James L.
Lee of the Westminster , Presbyterian
Church in West Twenty-third street, to
Mrs. Lillian E. Ellis, widow of the late
Edward C. Ellis of Schenectady. Im
mediately after the ceremony the Kid
said that he had dropped the name of
McCoy forever. He ; remarked :
"I promised 'my wife that when we
married the sporting life .1 have led
would be left behind. I have seen every
thing. Nothing in my : longs experience
I have had with sporting people appeals
to me. I intend to drop the name of Mc-
Coy forever. I want my friends to know
that it will offend me if they so address
me. I am now going to be a business
man." r '-v -.•>-; -"-\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0
It is Selby's j fifth matrimonial venture.
He was twice divorced from and three
times married to Julia Woodruff. He ob
tained a divorce in this city after his
wife went to Japan with a friend whom
he • had entertained at his Cedar Bluff
farm, Saratoga, during the summer of
IS-03. .
The Kid" met Mrs. Ellis when she
was in widow's. weeds in New York. He
was at that time separated; from his
fourth wife. Miss Indiola\ Arnold, an
actress. Mrs. Selby ownsja residence in
a 'West End avenue, ; has; a yacht and
several automobiles with , which she and
her husband intend amusing themselves
during their- honeymoon, .which will be
spent in -the" vicinity of New York.
GROUNDKEEPER ATTACKS
LEADER OF THE GIANTS
Ben Ely Is Given a Severe Beating by
the Man Whom lie Re. •>:"-,
; bolted. ; -
PORTLAND, 0r.. ; Oct : 19.— Ben C. Ely, sec
retary of the Portland Baseball. Club, was per
haps seriously Injured as'ine result of an at
tack on v the part of . the rroundkeeper of the
.baseball park, whost name Is : Hlggins. Hin
ging has for several r wcckb nursed a : grudge
toward Ely because of a rebuke administered
by the latter. •.\u25a0,-.'-\u25a0-.*\u25a0 : . .. . . -c .
While Ely, who la an invalid, was standing
near th j entrance -to the : grounds . with his
hands in his : pockets J this : afternoon, \u25a0 Higgles
came vp 1 and without, warning struck \u25a0 Ely a
hea\'y blow on the temple. Knocking him down
Hlggins then * kicked Ely's \u25a0 prostrate body sev
eral; times, injuring him internally,, it is feared."
Ely states he will prosecute his 'assailant.
OAKLAND LIKES
JONES' BENDERS
Opens Up on the Former Star
From Brooklyn in First
and Chases Four ' Buns In
SIWASHES COME BACK
After Annexing Three on
Combination of Bad Work
They Quickly Slow Down
j The Commuters were there with the big
i stand at the Eighth street lot yesterday
j afternoon, and by taking a few rides
jon the ones that Oscar Jones tried to
I transform .'- Into i mystlflers V they saved
j themselves from taking a jump into-sec
' ond place. -'; Oakland started early and
I finished late. " The opening and closing
rounds were good ones for them and
'netted runs enough to hold the Siwashes
I for a while.
. It' sure was bad baseball all .the way
through, though spme lively hitting and
the arrival of bunches of runs at one time
served to stir up a bit of excitement that
made the fans forget about the article
of ball that was being passed out. The
Siwashes pulled off one notable rally in
the second that came nearly breaking up
the game, but they quit Just one run
shy of tying the score, and after uiat
there was no one in the going save
Oakland.
Jones was accorded a fitting welcome
when he trotted out on the rubber in the
initial spasm. Van Haltren and Kruger
quickly beat out hits and Dunleavy
iiattened one against the right field fence
that sent both men along. Then Moski
man took a ride on'one out to left .and
Bull Croll let it get away from him.
Moskiman pulled up at third and Hogan
very nicely worked a squeeze play that
netted another run.
The Siwashes grabbed two hits in the
first, and in the second they came back
strong. Ham Iberg got bad after the
bases were filled on a couple of hits and
errors. He forced a run by passing Ben
nett and another when he hit Kane.
Walters' out sent one more through, mak
ing the score 4 to 3.
But the Communters did not care for
three. They began to get to Mr. Jones
once more in the next round and quickly
clouted another man over. Hostilities
were delayed from that time till the
seventh and eighth, when Oakland again
began to office up to Mr. Jones and
topped off a day's good work by annexing
three more aces.
Seattle resurrected Bull Croll and sta
tioned him out in left field in place of
Busher Walters. Kelly was out of the
running and . Dunleavy played second in
good shape for Oakland. Hogan chased
flies in right field and besides hitting the
ball some he got away with a great patch
in the last inning that was the sensation
of the afternoon. The score:
SEATTLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bennett. 2b 40 1 1 6' 10
Kane. c. f. 3 12 12 11
Walters, r. f... 4 0 1 0 1 11
Blankennhip. d:\ 6 0 4. 1, 6 3 1
Strelb,.lb ' 4.001 510
Croll 1. f ....2 0 '1 ! 0 10 1
Lauterborn. 3b 4 10 0 2 0 0
R. Hall, s. 5... 4 1 10-12 1
Jones, p. 4 11 0 0 2 .1
Totals 34 4 11 4 24 11 6
OAKLAND. >
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren, c. f.Y. 4 2 3 0 1 • 0 0
Kruger, 1.- f .4 1. 2 0 2 0 0
Dunleavy, 2b 4-2 3 0 6 1.0
Moskiman. lb 4 1 1 00" 0 0
Hogan. r. f... 4 0 1 0 3 0 0
Devereaux. ss 3 0 10 1 3 l
Richards Bb. 4 1 1 1 2 3 1
Burrs c 3 1 0 0 8 1 0
Iberg,' p.. .....3 0 0 0 0 8 0
Totals ..........33 8 12 1 27 13 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 3 01 000 0 0 — 4
Base hits .2 1 0 3 11 1 1 I— n
Oakland 4 1 0.0,0 0 2 1 x— 8
Base hits 42 20 00 2 2 x— l 2
SUMMARY. ;
Two-base hit — Kruger. , 'Sacrifice hit— Croll.
First base on errors— Seattle 1, Oakland 2.
First base on called balls — Off Jones 1, oft
Iberg 6. '• Left on baseis — Seattle 12, ' Oakland 2.
Struck out— By Jones 5 by Iberg 2. Hit by
pitcher — Kane. Double play — Richards to Mos
kiman. Time of game — 1 hour and 45 min
utes. Umpire — Davis. -
IIAUM IS THE WHOLE SHOW.
Benldea Pitching. Real , Baseball, He
Gets Ttvo Timely Hita. ,
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 19.— Baum's pitching,
errori by Casey and Flood's home run were
the features that figured in Tacoma's defeat at
the hands of the home team to-day. After
the first Inning, when he allowed two hits and
a base on balls that netted the visitors 'three
runs, Baum was Invincible and blanked the
Tacomas during the remaining Innings, allow
ing but three hits In all. -He was also ef
fective at the bat and his two timely singles
and a neat sacrifice enabled his team to win.
Flood put the ball over the right field fence
for a home run in the seventh when there, was
no on« on base. In addition, the> Los Angelea
second baseman rapped out two singles. The
locals secured eleven hits, off Fitzgerald and
the score would have been much larger had
they been able to hit the ball when men were
on bases, a The locals had ten men left.
Score: it , :
LOS ANGELES.
-AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. H.
Bernard, c. f. ...... 5 12 0 2 0 0
Flood, 2b. 5 2 3 0 0 20
Smith, 3b. .4 0 ,0 0 2 11
Dillon, lb. .......... 2 0 0 0 9 1 .0
Cravath, r. t. .. 3 0 0 -22.00
Ross. 1. f. ...... \4' 0 2 0 8 0 0
Toman, ». s 'BY 0 0.0 080
Eagar. c. 4 12 0 5 0 0
Baum. p. ........... 2 0 2 0 2 2 0
Totals ..........32 4 11 2 27 9 1
TACOMA.! .\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0•\u25a0
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, r. f .4 0 .1 0 2 10
Bheehan. 3b. ........ 8 1 0 0 2 2 0
Nordyke, lb. ...4 1 0 0 5 0 0
Eagan, s. «.......-. 3 1 .1 \u25a0 2. 2 ' 1 0
McLaughlin. .1. f.-> .. 4 0 0 0 3 0: 0
Lynch, c. f. ...4 0 10 4 00
Casey. 2b. ...........3 0 0 0 2 8 2
Hogan. ' o. .\u25a0.-.'. ..8 0 0 0 4 2 1
Fitzgerald, p. ...... 3 0 0' 00 0.0
• Totala ..........31 3 8 2 24 9 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. I' V;
Los Angeles .\.- 2. 0 0"0 0 -' 0/1 1 -x— 4
Base hits;..-.. 2 1 11 0 114 x— ll
Tacoma .. ..... 8 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—3
Base hits..... 2 0, 0 1 0 0 0 0 o—3
-', .. SUMMARY.
Home run— Flood."; Sacrifice hit— Baum. . First
base on -' errors — Los : Angeles •2, Tacoma . ; 1.
Left on bases — Los Angeles 10, Tacoma 3. First
base i. on called balls — Off . Baum .2, -. off Fitz
gerald 4. Struck ; out— By : Baum 4." by Fitz
gerald .2. . Double plays — Flood to ' Dillon .to
Smith ;: Doyle •to Hogan; Casey -to - Eagan 'to
Nordyke.* - Wild \u25a0 pitch — Fitzgerald.' Time • of
game — 1:25. Umpire — Perrlne. , . \u25a0 \u25a0>\u25a0:\u25a0'. \u25a0 •\u0084
MR. RANKIN HAS - A BUSY DAY.
Wilson and Householder Are Chased
,:'•\u25a0 {, and Many Are Fined. \
PORTLAND, Oct. ,19.— Fur-lined baseball,
with ;> plenty . of r . scraps v thrown ; : in." \u25a0''-,. was . the
feature -of \u0084 to-day's >: 4-to-l '-p victory for 7 the
Glanta.t At .'the •'\u25a0 beginning * "Trilby?. ; Rankln
was ' not . going •;\u25a0 to": umpire. \u25a0;":. He . changed his
mind • and : from '* that • moment ; ; until r the ? ex
plosion came in - the I ninth inning -he I certainly
\u25a0 had . his troubles. \u25a0 ; Before he •, ended : his after
. noon, official , business he i found < it . necessary
to ;call ; upon two of ; Portland's : finest J and 5 un-'
der his . Instructions Manager Parke Wilson
.was escorted > off i the \u25a0 field, Eddie .- Househol ler
wag chased Ito I the • bench and threatened I with
arrest and j Jimmy ' Whalen ,. was ' plastered with
a ": $5 ; fine.',?; Likewise ' were I several ;' other S ?ais
assessed part of 4 their .winter's s bank 1 ; roll. \u25a0-. . :
; Hitt h was < called '\u25a0 on j to '- perform, but \u25a0; there
was a kink in hIH left flipper. In the opening
chapter ihe -walked - Ati \ and ",Van " Buren < and
, in - try log -to c field \; one ,\u25a0 that :> Mike i Mitchell
ROSEBEN RETIRED
FOR THE SEASON
Arklirta Comes In With- Hempstead
Stakes by Seven Lengths. \
v- \u25a0 \u25a0 -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— The card to-day
was well filled but there- were plenty of
scratches. David Johnson has decided
to retire Roseben for the season. "If I
run him," says Johnson, "he will have
to pick up a ton of weight and he might
be cut down or . injured, : so I have de
cided to rest him until next spring."
Arklirta, played from 7 to 5 down to 9 to
10, galloped home in front in the Hemp
stead stakes by seven lengths. He broke
in front and going out made all the run
ning to the finish. : Birmingham was sec
ond for a quarter of a mile but gave way
to, Sufficiency, which raced second to the
last, sixteenth, when. Third Alarm came
with a rush and got the place by a scant
length from Sufficiency.. Summary: _ <
FIRST RACE— Five ' and a half furlongs;
for two-year-olds; purse: . \u25a0
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
Even— Oak Duke, 122 (W.Knp) 115 11
13 to s—Kuileydale,5 — Kuileydale, 112 (W.Dvs) 3 3 ' 26
30 to I— Deviltree, Id) (J.Martn) 2 2 6 3
Time, 1:00 4-5. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. Oneck Stables' b. c. by Florist-Fatality,
j Father Catchem also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; for three
year-olds arid up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. v St. %. . Fin.
16 to s— Quadrille, UK\ (Miller).. 113 18 '
7 to I— Platoon, 97 (Sewell) 4 4 1 2 1&
G to s— Rebo, 100 (Garner) 9 7h 3 lft |
Time, 1:12. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, R. E. Watklns' b. x g. by Rapallo-Court
Dance. Monte Carlo.' Water Mirror, Rob Roy,
Blue Coat, Kiner Pepper, Gavin C. Adlos,
Shady I Lad and Coeur jde Lion finished as
named.
THIRD RACE— One mile and a sixteenth;
handicap for mares; all ages:
Betting. »Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
7 to 10— Colonial Girl, 120 (Swl) 1 4 h 1 ft,
20 to I—Novena.1 — Novena. 00 (McDaniel) 3 6^22
6 to WGraceful. 106 (J.Martn) 2 3 2 3 h
Time, 1:47. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, C. E. Rowe's b. m.- by Meddler-Springtide.
Miss Crawford,' Jennie McCable, Ancestor and
Gold Braid finished p.b named.
FOURTH RACE— The Hcmpstead sTakes; six
furlongs; two-year-olds; selling; allowances:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 10— Arklirta, 102 (Miller). 112 18
20 to I— Thrd Alrm,lo2 (L.Smh)lO 6 % ? Vi
8 to I—Sufficiency.1 — Sufficiency. I<;6 (Bell). 6 3 h 3 2
Time, 1 :12 4-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner, F. Farrell's eh. c. by Arkle-Loyallrta.
Birmingham, Sly Ben, Benevolent. Miss Point,
Brother Frank. Klingnor, Hector finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
selling: three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
40 to I— lsmatllan, 05 (Notter).. 4 3 h 1 h
6 to I— Jane Holly, OS (Wiley). 0 6 3 2 1%
4 to I— Maasa, ' I*o (Garner) 2 2 2 3 %
Time, 1 :47 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, H. R. Schaffer's br. f. by St. Andrew-
Ismailla. Yorkshire Lad, Jetsam, - Arrah Go
wan, Carrie Jone«, McGrathiana Prince, Cele
bration, Glowstar, Waterford, Sals finished as
named. ,
SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
handicap; all ages:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to s— Alma Dufour.ll7 (Knp) 2 1 % 1 3
11 to 10— R. Knight 126 (Miller) 13 2 4
5 to I— Sailor Boy. 97 (Wshrd) 3 2 3 3
Time, 1:54 4-5. Start good. Won- easily.
Winner, D. H. Barnes 1 b. f. by Artillery-Swan
hllda. Three starters.
JAMAICA ENTRIES.
7 NEW YORK, Oct. 19. — Following are the
entries for to-morrow at Jamaica:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Monacodor
IJ3, Martinmas 110. Czaraphlne 110. Free
Booter 10S, Invincible 10S. Monte Carlo 108.
Janeta, 107. Suffice 105, , Lochlnvar 105,* Emer
gency 105. Nlnnasq.ua w 105. Kalbert 105. Han
nibal Bey 100, Broadcloth 103, Jack McKeon
103. ;
Second race, mile and a sixteenth, handicap—
Ormonde's Right 124, Spring 118, Cedemrome
105. Irish Witch 98, Monet »7, Head Dance U5,
Samson 90, Amberjack 87. Jocund (added
starter).
Third race, five. and a half furlongs, fillies —
Bribery 101). VI O 100, '< Yalagal 104. Lotus 104,
Blue Mamie 99.
Fourth race, mile and a ' sixteenth. Garden
City stakes, selling — Woodsaw 110. Tyron 106,
Oarsman 105, Martinmas 105. Irish Witch 103,
Lord Badge 103, Palette 103. Sidney C. Love
101, Grenade 99, Yorkshire Lad 98. DArkle 95.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Captain Buckle 110. Buckleya 110, Huntlngton
107. St. Roma 107, Fra Fllllpo 105. Samuel H.
Harris 105. Gllpin 105. Father D 105, Louis H
105 Baron Esher 102, Bouvler 102. Veronese
102, Llndale 102, Brilliant 102, Ninnasquaw 102.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, maid
ens — Kougrock 112, Phllador 112. Peeping Tom
112, Hammeraway 112; Goldsboro 112, . Green
land 112. Wickford 112, Don Fonso 112, -Tarlac
112 Moonshine 109. .Water Dog 109, Caprice
109* Diablo Gold 109, Blue Mamie 109, Awnings
100. ' ' \u25a0
JAMAICA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
. First racr— Hrondclotli, Emergency,
Ralbert. ,
Second raci— Jocund, Spring:, . Or
monde* RlKlit. ,
Third race — Lotus, VI O, Bribery.
Fourth mct — Woodnaw, . Oarsmnn,
Tjrron.
Fifth rnoe— Loula H, Huntlngton,
Baron Enhcr.
Sixth rnoe— Peeping Tom, Caprice,
Greenland.
Wenther olenr. Track fast, v .
dumped down' at his feet he heaved the ball
into the bleachers. Two came galloping bomt
for the Giants. Parke Wilson then began to
vent his anger 'on the umpire. .The rest of
the Seals began to "cut in" the gabfest and
before ! the game was three . innings old they
were leading - Rankin a: dizzy maze. When
the wild Hitt was retired Wilson called for
Wheeler to get into action. Score :*
PORTLAND. *
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Atz, 55..... .". 3 110 0 0
Van Buren. :1. f 3 ' 1 1 1. 0 0
Mitchell, lb 2 0 0 12 2 0
Schlafley, 2b 3 0.1 12 1
McLean, c. 3 0 0 9 0 0
McHale. c. f ....2 1 0 1 0 0
I Sweeney. 8b ..2.00 0 6 0
Cates. r.f........ ...... 3 t 1 1 0 0
Garvln. p.... ..3 0 0 2 4 . 0
Totals ..............24 4 4 27 14 "l
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Waldron c. f...... 4 0 0 1 0 0
Mohler. 2b ....4 0 2 0 3 0
Spencer, 1. f. ............ 4 0 1 0 0 0
: Nealon, lb ' ....8 0 0 9 3 0
Householder, r. f ...3 0 0 0 0. 0t
Irwln, 3b ....: 4 0 0 0 0 0
Gochnauer, : 55.. ......... 4 0 0 2 ,1' 0
Wilson, c ...........'2 0" 0 10 . 1 2
Hitt. p 0 0 0 0 0 1
W ( heeler. p...... ...2 1 12 4 0|
Totals .............. 30 1 4 24 12 3
• ;--'. RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland ........;2 2 0 0.0 0 .0 0 x— 4
Base hits ...... 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 1 x— 4
San Francisco. ; ..000 0000 1 o—l
Base hits ...... 0 o>'l 0 0 1 02 ,0—4
•;'.;-•. . ;' SUMMARY;
\u25a0 Struck out — By - Garvin 9, , by .; Wheeler TV
Bases on balls — Off Garvin 2. off Hitt 2 oft
Wheeler; 3. Two-base hits— Cates, Mohler 2
Double ; plays — Wheeler to Ncalon to Wlls 'n-
Mohler 'to Nealon to Gochnauer. Sacrifice hits.
—Schlafley, Sweeney. Mitchell.' Wilson. Whee- f
ler. i Hit? by; pitched ball — Nealon. Householder.
Stolen bases— Mitchell, : Schlafley. '.\u25a0 Runs scored
by, opponents .at time pitcher . Hitt was \u25a0 taken
out— 2.7, Time of game— -I 1 hour and 40 minutes
Umpire— Rankln. . ' . [
Inheritance .Tax \u25a0 Latv Sustained.
;.; ; LINCOLN. vNebr.V 'Oct. W.-^-The ; Supreme
Court ' to-night handed down ' decisions sustain
ing- constitutionality t of ' the antl-clgarett»
law, .the; Inheritance, tax: law;- and- the law to
prevent desecration of, the Amsrlcan.flag. "
: BURGLAR : CAUGHT, WITH : THE GOODS
ON HIM. — Explanations -were not necessary to
Julius Duchere when' he Centered his room yes
terday : and \u25a0\u25a0•; found ; a \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0;. young ; man ready
to i leave ; * his : apartment with . his \u25a0 clot hes and
, valuables, t ' Policenjan * Tyrrel i was 1 notified and
Ihei man 'was booked , at tne ' Southern Station
for • burglary. He gave his -name as William
Hamston. :.."\u25a0-"• " ' • i \u25a0 , * ;\u25a0\u25a0
/.5A- remedy, specially* designed for tho
treatment Vof ; all * kidney,^ liver, stomach
and bowel troubles is Lash's Bitters.*.* s?
MUDDERS AGAIN
GET THE COIN
Malleable, an Outsider, Goes
In and Beats Maplehurst,
the Favorite, to the Wire
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 19.— This was an
other day for mudders at Latonia. The
rain fell for twelve hours and left the
track In a very sloppy condition. . The
card was an ordinary one. The fourth
I event, the feature of the card, was won
', by Malleable, an outsider In the betting.
I Maplehurst. the . odds-on favorite, was
J second and Stoner Hill third. Two fa
vorites won. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half , furlongs;
two-year-old fillies: purse:
Bettlrg. Horpe, Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
11 to s— Tinker. 100 (Morris) 4 2^12
14 to s— Beat. Bess, 104 (Nlcol). 6 6 'I 2 Vi
50 to I— Mac Lynch. I<M (Bliss). I) 5 (i 3 fe
Time. 1:12. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. H. Arthur's eh. f. by Handspring-Frankle.
Follow the Flag 108. Maureen 100. Anna Smith
ICO. Gorgeous 100, Valencia 104. Colonial Lady
lON. Toppy Girl 108, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?4. Fin.
7 to 10— M. Gorman, 100 (Hicks) 3 13 11
11 to s—Lieut.5 — Lieut. Rice, 9» (Mrris) 2 2 n 2 8
7 to h— St. Tammany.lOti (Nlcl> 1 4 13 3
Time, 1:23. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner, J. B: . Respess' b. f. (3) by Sir Dlxon-
Sallie McClelland. Subador 106. Steftl Trap 96.
Tom Crabb lOti, Mary Worth 106. finished as
named.
THIRD RACE — One mile; three-year-olds
and up; celling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
8 to s—Klein5 — Klein wood. 110 (Nlcol). 4 14 16
25 to I— Jungle Imp. 09 (Roland) 2 4 3 2 2
40 to I— l^yaon. 09 (Shilling)... 5 5 1 3 4
Time. 1:47. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Forman & Graham's eh. h. (4) by Her
mence-Mandolln 11. Darthula M, Clydeo 99,
Harmp.kis 104, Economist 01, Merces 91. fin
ished as named. v
FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-y«ar
olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to I—Malleable,1 — Malleable, 102 (Nlcol).. 114 12
3 to s— Maplehurst. 102 (Vndrb) 4 4 2 2 2
6 to I—Stoner1 — Stoner Hill, 102 (Wllms) 2 2 h 3 2
Time, 1:04 1-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. W. C. Overton & Co.'s b. c. by Maza
gan-Intacta. Bitter Hand &0. Pentagon 110,
Chief Archibald 107. Gauze 102, Pete Vinegar
102, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three -year-olds;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
25 to I— Dundall 107 (Hefternan) 4 2 111
12 to s—Verandah.5 — Verandah. 99 (Koerner). 3 14 2 1
15 to I—Lady1 — Lady Lou, 104 (Morris). 8 613 4
Time. 1:10 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. Arthur's b. c. by Dungarven-Lny
dell, Frank Bill 104. Torpedo 109. Fox Hunt-
Ing 100, . John Lescalle 99. Nat B 107. finished
as named. ' „ . \u25a0 •..' . .
SIXTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
four-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse,' Weight, Jockey.* St. % Fin.
6 to I— Amberita, 97, (Swain).. 4 23 1 6
20 to I— Dollnda, IC9 (Perkins).. S 1 h 2 h
3 to I— Dungannon, 104 (Krner) 5 3 1 3 V%
Time. 1:52 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. Gildersleeve'g eh. f. (4) by Bil
gowan-Mlss Baker. Little Elkln 104. Ada N
103. Katie Powers 97. Dr. Hart 104 Reveille
107, finished as named.
LATONIA ENTRIES.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 18.— Following are th«
entries for to-morrow at Lat.n:a:
Fhst race, alx furlongs, selling— Delusion 95
Madison Square 95 Clara Dee- »5 Nevermo-t
»8. 'Liberty Mo BS, Major Carpenter 08.
\u25a0 St. Noel 08, Henry Ach 08. Marmont ICO Topic
101. Arthur Cummer 103, Belltoone 106 Censor
lOfi. Room Mate 106.
Second race, one mile and fifty yards 3»ll-
Ing— Siss Lee 06. Katie Powers 97. Buck Knot
100. Rankln 100 Tempt 102 Mamie Algol 10*.
The Gadfly 104 Echodale 105, Careless 10*.
Kleinwood IJ3. . ,
Third race, one mile, purse — J. H. Mont
gomery 101, Belden 101, L'eber 101. Neodesha
101. Elkdom 101. Don Irent 101. Interlight
101. Sherrill 101.
Fourth race, six furlongs, wiling — Gyp«ene
9S Knowledge 98. Lansdown OS, Kthl tHvls
101. Agnes ..Virginia 101. Euba 101, John H.
Klrby 101. r ' Mammon 1««. Covrni 103. Bat
Howe 103, Love Note 104, Mabel Wlnn 104,
Father Tallent 107, Sid Silver 109.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs selling —
Justl 95. Sonata 95. Pirate's Dance £5. Fo**
S 99. Balshot 99. - lrst Advance 100. Progres
sion 100. Mac Lynch 104. Colonial Lady 104.
Anna Smith 104. Inspector Girl 104. Woggle
Bug 104, Lady Tarascon 104. Tsara 104.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Brown Vail
9S. Double 101. Tete Noir 96, Monochord 102.
Prestige 90 Berenthta 9.1 Athena 103 The
Only Way 103. Show Girl 103. Lionel 03, S'roud
105. My Eleanor 93, Sneer 107, West Bad»n 103.
LATONIA SELECTIONS.
\u25a0 : By the New York Morning Telegraph.
Flr*t race— Belltoone, Topic, St.
Noel.
Second race — Klelnirood, Katie Pow
ers. Mnmle Alfrol. ,
Third . race — Interllght, Sherrill,
Leiber. J
v Fonrth ~ race— John H. Klrby, Asjroea)
Virginia, , Sid Silver. . -'
Fifth race^— Woggle Dog, Anna
Smith, Mac Lynch.
Sixth race— Slonochord, Sneer, Prea
tl«e.
Weather rnlny. Track heavy.
CORBETT AXD McGOVERX
ARE SURE TO MEET SOO.V
Philadelphia Club Offers a Purse of
97000 for Boat BetWeen the
Old Rival*.
; NEW YORK, Oct. 19— It is reasonably cer
tain that Terry McGovern a^d Young Corbstt
will flcht at once. After McGovern's quick
victory over Murphy last night r«pre»«ata
tlves of the National Athletic Club of Phil
adelphia offered $7000. lor a bout. Corbett
has formally accepted and McGovern has In
timated he will accept, although net pledging
himself. " ' ...
BOY IS ; IXSTANTLY KILLED
WHILE PL AYIXG FOOTBALL
Players Fall on James : E. Bryant and
Crush the Life Out of
Him. .V-;:
CANON CITY,- Colo.. Oct. 19 James E.
Bp-ant. aged 17. was almost lnsUntly kilted
in a practice game of football here to-day.
He was carryinsr the ball when one of the op
posing players butted him in the pit of the
stomach and a : dozen or more piled, on top' of
him in the scramble for the ball. When they
arose Bryant was limp and lifeless. The Coro
ner, will : investigate.
De Oro In Great [ Form.
'ST. LOUIS. Oct. 19.— Alfred de Oro of St.
Ix)ulk. holder, of 'the ; world's championship con
tinuous pool record, to-night won 200 t>> 89
the . first block " of 200 balls in his 600-ball
match : with ; William Clearwater of \u25a0 Greens
burg, Pa,
Thomas Puts . Bnrke Away.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 19.— 1n" the fight be
tween' Joe Thomas of San ' Francisco and' Jack
Burke of this city, Thomas won by a knockout
In « the 'fifth', round, r • -..- , \u25a0
Vanderbll t'n Prestls;e .-. Wins.
\u25a0V PARIS. Oct. 19.— W. K.r Vanderbllfs Pres
tige won the Prix Fore t at the Chantilly races
to-day. ."•". . . :. . -
EDITED- BY
R. A. SMYTH
O'BRIEN LANDS
ON SPAULDING
Philadelphia Jack Jars the
Michigan Giant With Two
Hard Wallops in the Face
WOULD TAKE ON HAHT
Billy Delaney Is Carefully
Training AI Kaufmann at
CrolFs Gardens, Alaineda
j Jack O'Brien added a new sparring
1 partner to his corps of training assist
j ants yesterday In the person of Sam
! Spaulding. Biddy Bishop's giant young
! ster. Spaulding la just the sort of &
: man that Jack has been looking tor,*
I as he is a big. tough young fellow and
willing to rough it with the Quaker
boxer. : They sparred a few rounds yes
terday and put up a rather lively bout.
O'Brien closed Spauldlng'3 eye with a
[ left and started the claret with a right.
The Phlladelphian's exhibition of in
door work is exceptionally neat and
clean cut. Every line of exercise he
indulges in is done with a precision
and skill only gained from long ex
perience. His shadow boxing was a
feature of the afternoon's work. A
peculiar thing about Jack's fighting is
that, although a great defensive fight
er, he seldom backs away from an op
ponent. He keeps boring in, all tha
time, but is always 'on the alert and
ever ready to block. In speaking o£
the approaching mill O'Brien said,
"Kaufmann's record of one-round vic
tories is due for a serious setback. I
hate to have to do it to a promising
youngster, but look at the money in
sight. Marvin Kart next, and may be
Jeffries. I'll win before the limit."
Over at Croll's Kaufmana takes a
decidedly different view of the matter
and he predicts tha,t O'Brien will taste
his sleep-producing wallop before the
fight is well under way. Delaney i 3
already satisfied with Al's condition,
but will not let up the hard work for
a few days. Xeedless to say, with De
laney handling the training end of fit,
Kaufmann will be at his best when t"he
gong sounds at Woodward's Pavilion
next Friday night.
FRANCE WILL XOT ACCEPT
THE VAXDERBU/T TROPHY
Huron de Tarekhelm Says Bis Auto
Hnt'fH Are Practically at
an End.
NEW YORK. Oct. 19. — A letter la now on
its way to the Vanderbilt cup commission from,
the Automobile Club of France, and as so^n
as It U received th« racing board of the Amer
ican Automobile Association will hold 1U first
meeting since the running of the Vanderbilt
cup race. Baron Adrlen de Turckhelm, th»
official representative of the Automobile Club
of France at th* recent race, declared yester
day that the cup would not b« accepted by
the French club.
"The French club has already declined to
promote- another Gordon Bennett cup race." he
said, "and It ."Cquld not very well accept the
Vanderbilt cup under the conditions of holding
a race for that trophy In France next seascn."
. Baron de Turckbeim, who win eatl f or bone
to-day on La Savoie, intimated that the French,
' club would offer suggestions regarding future
' competitions for the Vanderbilt cup.
"I would like to see It turned Into a trophy
for a big touring *vent." he added. "We have
so many high-class cars of acknowledged re
liability that the mere fact of winning a bis
speed event counts comparatively for Uttle."
CARPENTERS' UNION DECIDES
NOT TO WORK ELECTION DAY
Secretary of \u25a0 Barbers* Body Advise*
Members of Craft Not to Come
Here for Work.
At the last meeting of tne District Council
of Carpenters a resolution was passed decjs'ir
ing election day. November 7. a holiday, . a\.^*
it was decided to Impose a fine on every man
who violated the rule by workia*.
A letter has been issued by Joseph Bleily.
secretary of the Barbers" Union, Lccal No. 1-48
advising members of the craft outside of the
; State not to come her In search of work, as
; San Francisco and other towna of California
; are overrun with barbers.
According to the reports of the Sailors*
: Union, shipping along the coast Is good. There
Is a demand for teamen and few of them are
idle.
The officers of the Bricklayers' Union an
discussing a proposition of providing a fund
for the use of infirm members who are no
longer fit for work.
In the feud between th*> Building Trades
Council and the Labor Council over the ques
tion of the Journeymen Plumbers' Union, which
Is affiliated with the first mentioned body,
and the Steamfltters' Union, which is with the
Labor Council, as to which union should tx»
recognized in the work now being done by
the California Gas and Electrical Corporation
In San Mateo County, the Building Trades
Council has won Its point, as the steamflttera
are not properly chartered by the American
Federation of Labor.
f WhiskeyM
b the idee! whiskey jSSjfjj
for t*he yachtsman.
the golfer, the r.^P«
hant*er, the athlete R^^aw
and the sportsman, \XS&P
} '
Its parity, aroma and
dslidous flavor have
mad; it a popular :
' favorite with aIL .%
Ask for it wker* '
ever you go. .'. V
Grommes ®> Ullrich
Distillers
Chicago, ID. f ,
SAN . FRANCISCO . BRANCH
6 Beale StreetREACHES PORT
AHEAD OF TIME
I'acific Mail Liner City of
Sydney Brings a Large
Shipment of Treasure
SENT INTO QUARANTINE
lilor From Schooner San
Buenaventura Says That
• Vessel Is • Unsea worthy
The Pacific Mail Company's liner City
of Sydney, Captain McLean, arrived
yesterday from Panama and way ports,
a day ahead of schedule time. She
brought twenty-nine passengers. 1030
tons of cargo and treasure valued at
5151.349 88. She was 21 days 1 hour
from Ancon and 5 days 1 hour from
-'..:-. zailjin. Fine weather was encoun
tered and the homeward voyage was
i uneventful.
Among the passengers was Charles
ttapelfeldt. a sailor, who left the
schooner San Buenaventura at Corinto
because the vessel, he says, was un
seaworthy. She is loaded with hard
wood logs and was leaking at the rate
of two inches an hour. The San Buena
ventura left Tillamook on July 10 for
Corinto. She reached her destination
Wifely and sailed from Corinto for this
port on October 12. It is nothing new
for the San Buenaventura to be leak
ing, and, Staprlfeldfs fears to the con
trary notwithstanding, there is every
reason to believe that the schooner will
liring her heavy cargo safely in through
the Golden Gate.
The Sydney was taken over to quar
antine to be fumigated. She will be
docked to-day at Lombard -street wharf.
-imong her passengers were:
Hugh Oavanagh. Mrs. Teresa Valencia, Julian
M. Theall Jr.. Carroll D. Galvin Juan Hla<.
Henry F. Lefevre William B. Sayere, Edward
W. Skinner. M. H BedoHe. Robert St.'ln,
Henry- 6chloten. Samuel Fisher. Daniel Orrty.
Andrew G. ilsrshali. Joaqutn E. Pr*to. Fr«n
risco Garcia, Joseph FYey, John S. McT?rn.in.
Hernhard Mans, Percy W. Webb. John B.
Monteverde. Ansel Croxatto. Charles Supel
'eldt. Emery C. Anderson and five Chines. 1 .
Leaves Gcaymai a Day l.ate.
The City of Tcp*ka. which is taking th*
rlace of the Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
little white liner Curacao for one trip, left
Gtaymaa at 6 o'clock Wednesday even'n*. <:n»
•ay bfhlr.d her schedule. Captain Paul**-?,
iiiister of the Curacao. Is la command of th»
City of Topeka.
Tlie Overdue Umt
.he vessels on the overdue lift are <rj->iea
:«r reinsurance as follows: Edmund. 35 per
cent: Duchete de Berry. 10-per cent; St. D. n
fcilen. C 5 per cent: Principality. f>o per cent.
Affezlone 50 per cent: Fo-!evlct, 15 per .-ent;
K!imall!e. 10 per cent; HiUton. 10 per ec-nt;
M. E. Watson. 10 r»er cent.
Suffers Serious Injury.
H^nry Bortend. a longshoreman, who lives
at 715 Howard street, was struck by a 6li::g
load of freight yesterday on board th* Nor
wegian steamer Tiger and seriously ir.Jurea.
At the Harbor Hospital it was found that in
sedition to other hurts he had sustained a
compound fracture of the right leg.
anzws of the ocean.
Matter* of Interest to Mariners and
Shlpplm? Merchants.
The schooner George E. Billings (at Pan
lVdro» is chartered for lumber from Puget
tjuund to Sydney at 31b Sd. - •
Shipment of Barley.
The French bark Genevieve Moiinos was
cleared yesterday for Ipswich. England, with
&4.418 ctis barley valued at $31,000 arjd 21,800
ft lumber as dunnage vaiufd at $320.
Canned <;oods for Liverpool.
The British ship Red Rock was cleared ye*
:er<iay for Liverpool. England, with 52,8*7
i s caxined salmon. 2»,«.*7 c» canned fruit. ::70'j
lbs cascara sasrada and 72 cs honey, valued
at $3Crj,213.
Notice to Mariners.
MARE ISLAND STRAIT. CALIFORNIA.
iLfet of Lights. Buoys ar.d Dayrr.arks. £\i-
Coast, IKK>, p&ge 27.)
Voticfr Is hereby given that Mare Island
.— rait buoy No. 1, a. first-claps spar, will o;
I • rnianently discontinued about Novemb.-r I.
:i»O5.
By order of the lighthouse board.
H. T. MAYO,
' 'un-.mander. U. S. N., Inspector Twelfth Llghi
hou* District.
A (arso for Mexico.
The schooner Lottie Bennett wan cleared
yesterday for Santa Rotnlia, Me.xico, with an
asserted, cargo, valued at $60,118, and includ
ing the following:
.1449 bble flour. &»,550 lbs. rice. 2546 bales
hay, 60,000 lbs bran. 191,00u lbs uigar, 25 ctl«
Parley. 2364 lb« chocolate, «4S lbs tea, 920")
Urn coffee. 700 bxs paste, 803 gals 35 cs wine,
.'•<> cs cannexl ealmon, 241 cs assorted canned
Coods. HOTi lbs bread. M 3 lbs beans. 7u2 lbs
lentils. 45» lbs splcet, 320 lbs meals, 6 cs
table preparatJoDt, 5 cs baking powder. 25.360
ft lumber, feO.ooo lbs cement. 2032 cs lubricat
ing oil. 20 <*s turpentine, 500 c* ooa! oil, 5 cs
Kasoline, 100 cs dynamite, 3 cs blasting caps,
22 bdls brooms. 12 baies duck. 32 pkgs dry
goods. 32 cs drugs, 2 cs shoes, 10SS lbs rosin,
:'\u25a0\u25a0>« lbs tallow. 45 pkgs paint.--. 1728 lbs
narch. 9 bales oakum, fl pkg* millwork, 3
bbls tar, M coils roi>*. * bdls pipe.
Exports for Southern Coast.
The Norwegian steamer iiger was cleared
yesterday for Valparaiso end way ports, with
cargo lad»>n at this port, valued at $13,119. to
be distributed as follows: For Ecuador. $10.
4.i0; Peru, $32u1; Chile. $54SS. The following
were the principal shipments;
To Ecuador — 75 bbls flour, 79,$MX> ft lumber,
li>,eSo railroad ties. 1000 kegs blasting powder.
Id ct fuse. 11 c« blasting cape.
To Peru— 4B7s lbs malt. 40 cs assorted
<*ij:ied goods, 60 cs canned salmon, 300 lbs
A 1. 40ii cs powder.
<7hile — IWOO cs canned salmon.
Th.> steamer also carried large shipments of
f:our. grain and lumber, valued at $89.0"X>,
..- -.. r- at Puget Sound ports, and consigned to
\arSous points In South America.
SHIPPIA'G INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED
Thursday. October 1».
Stmr Newport, Whitney, «% hours from
Pigeon Point. In tow of tug Bea Witch.
etmr Nenraekan. We^den, C 8 hours Irom Se
attle: out In to fin!* leading.
fitmr Poroo, Relnertsen, 12 hours from Al
bion via Point Arena.
Ptmr Metecr. McFarlane, 04 hours from
Stmr Eurtka, Golightly. «3 hours from Port-
Bttnr Roanoke. Dunham, 20 hours from San
t<tmr Chico, Johnson. 17 hours from Port
"stmr Vanguard. Odiand. 23 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr South Coast, Paulsen. 16 hours from
*Stmr" Coos Bay. Nlcolson, C 3 hoyrs from
fan I'edro «*e-
Stmr National City. Hammar, 45 hours from
San Pedro. '
Stmr Navarro. Jacobe. 1» hour* from Weit-
Santa Roea, Alexander, 41 hours from
" a Btmr eC Grace Dollar, Olsen, 72 hours from
Grays Harbor. 3HRBH
Ktmr Santa Cruz, KlcoUon, 9 hours from
of Sydney.—. 22 day. and 1
hour irom Ancon, via Mazatlan 5 days and 1
°Etmr Aleatraz. Frederlckson. 64 hours from
San DieffO „ „ \u0084
Ftmr Maggie, Corning. 4 hours from Half-
iVa A. Beck. 6 hours from Point Reyes.
Pchr Newark. Maloney. 22 hours from Byx
\u25a0 *>»*s Landing. \u25a0 . • ~
#Wrur Sea Witch. Tltchworth, 8% hours from
"f^eon Point, with stmr Newport In tow.
. CLEARED.
Thursday. 18.
Nor stmr Ticer. Bufige. Valparaiso; W R
Orace & Co. » \u25a0 _
Br ahip Port Logan, Alexanfler. Port Town
•end; Hind. RolDh & Co.
V.v ship lied Uock, Illce. LJverpool; Balfour.
Ovthrte & Co
Fr bark Genevleve Molinos. Tattevln, Ips
wich: Strauss & Co.
Schr Lottie Bennett. Rasmussen. Santa Ro
ralla; Compajtnla rfc 80110.
SAILED.
Thursday, October 19.
Stmr Olympic. Hansen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr State of California, Thomas. San Diego.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Westport. Carlson, Westport.
Stmr Roanuke. Dunham. Portland via Eure
ka, Coos Bay and Astoria.
Stmr National City. Hammar, Fort Bragg,
s&lla.
Br ship Scottish Moors, Tedford, Tacoma.
Br ship Windsor Park, Livingstone. Liver
pool.
Bark Carondelet. Doyle, Port Townsend.
Schr Confiansa. Mlkkelson. Notleys Landing.
Schr Oceania Vance, Burke, Willapa Harbor.
Schr Orient, Anderson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Irene. Mitchell. Belllneham.
Schr Lottie Bennett, Rasmuesen. Santa Ro-
Schr Sotoyome, Bash. Albion.
SPOKEN.
Sept IT— Lat 18 S, long 3S W. Br ship Bcot
, tish L<ochs, from Cardiff for Seattle.
Sept 13— Lat 14 N. long 31 W, Ft bark Gen
eral Xeumayer. from Hamburg for Oregon.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 10, 10 p m — Weather
hazy and calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EVERETT— SaiIed Oct 18— Schr Ensign, for
San Francisco. "
REDONDO — Arrived Oct 10 — Schr Columbia,
from San Pefiro; stmr Norwood, hence Oct 16.
Sailed Oct 10 — Stmr Norwood, for San Pedro;
bark Isaac Reed, for Port Townsend; bchr
Eric, for Portland.
Sailed Oct IV — Stsnr Norwood, from San
' Pedro.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Oct IS— Stmr City of oe
ault- for Ska^way; stmr Santa Clara, fcr
Vaicez. Oct l'J, i*:3o a m — Stmr Aauncijn, f < r
: San Francisco.
TILLAMOOK— SaiIed Oct IS — Sehr Hugh
' Hogan, for San Pedro.
SEMI AHMOO— Arrived Oct 18— Stmr Ote
gjriia:*. from Tacoma.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Oct iS— 3l mr
Bonita. hence Oct 17, and sailed Oct 19 for
San Pedro.
SOUTH EEND — Arrived Oct 18— Bktn Katie
Flickln^er, from San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 19 — Stmr Break
water, hence Oct 17.
Arrived Oct IS — Stmr Alliance, from Eureka,
and <-a:l«-.i for Astoria. -
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Oct 10 — Stmr
Scotia, hence Oct 18.
MENDOCINO — Arrived Oct 19— Sttnr Sea
Foam, hence Oct 18.
MONTEREY— Arrived Oct IS— Schr Santia
go hence Oct 18, In toi*of tug Defiance, and
sailed Oct 19 for San Vranclsco, In tow of
tug Defiance.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Oct 19— Stmr CoMa Rica,
for San Francleco; bktn Tarn O'Shanter, for
Ean Francisco.
Arrived Oct 19 — Br stmr Volga, from Vic
toria: stmr Northland, hence Oct 16.
PORT LUDLOW — Sailed Oct 19 — Bark Chas
B Kenney. for San Francisco.
TATOOSH — Passed In Oct 19 — Stmr Mlne
i sota.- from Yokohama for Seattle; Ger «mr
Abydoe henc- Oct 15 for Seattle and Taeoma;
stmr Chas Nelson, hence Oct 14 for Seattle
and Tacoma: stmr Shasta, hence Oct lt>.
Passed cut Oct 19 — Schr Balnbrldee. from
< Port Blakeley far Redondo; echr Ensign, from
Evereti for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Oct 19— Stmr Helen
P Drew, hence Oct 13.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 19— Stmr Prentiss,
hence Oct 17: stmr Arctic, hence Oct 18.
Hailed Oct 19 — Stmr Greenwood, for Point
Gorda.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 18— Stmr
Brunswick, hence Oct 18. \u25a0
f-'aileJ Oct 19 — Schr Jennie Stella, for La
•Pax.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Oct 19— Stmr
Bonita, her.cc Oct 17. and sailed for San
Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 19 — Stmr Brook
lyn, from Mendoclno; stmr Samoa, hence
Oct 17.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 19—
Stmr Jarr.es S Hlgglns. h<nc* Oct 17.
Sailed Oct 19 — Br stmr Waddon, for San
Frar.clsco.
BANDON— Sailed Oct 19— Stmr Oakland,
for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN— SaiIed Oct 19— Stmr Santa
Monica, for San Pedro; stmr N«wbur«r, for
San Franclsoo.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 19— Stmr
Minnesota from Hongkong.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— SaiIed Oct 19— Br etmr Moana.
for Victoria, B C; stmr Sonoma, for Sydney,
etc.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK — Cleared Oct 18 — Br Btmr
Cral&vai. fcr Valparaiso.
Arrived Oct IS— Stmr Texan, from Phlla
phta.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Parsed Oct
17 — Stmr Texan, for New York for Philadel
phia; Br ship Forrest Hall, for New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HIOGO — Arrived Drlor to Oct 18 — Br Btmr
Tydeus. from Liverpool fcr. Victoria.
HONGKONG — Sailed Oct IS — Br stmr Em
press of China, for Vancouver.
SINGAPORE— Arrived Oct 16 — Ger Btmr Al
benga. frcm Hongkong for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived nrtor to. Oct 18— Br
*tmr K«*miin. from Victoria for Liverpool;
Br strnr Machaon. from Tacoma.
GIBRALTAR— Passed Oct 17— Br stmr In
drawatil. from Yokohama for New York.
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 19— Stmr Lyra,
from Yokohama.
GUAYMAS— SaiIed Ort 10— Bchr Fearless,
for Gray* Harbor.
GUAYMAS — Sailed Oct 18, 6 p m — Stmr
City of Topeka. for San Franc!»co.
• OCEAN BTEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 19— Stmr Patri
cia, from Hamburg. Dover and -Boulogne.
Sailed Oct 19 — Stmr Deut»?hland, for Ham
burg via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr La
Savole. for Havre; stmr Republic, for Naples
and Genoa.
Time Bnll.
Branth Hydrographlc Of.ice, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..'
Thursday. October 19. 1905. v-.:.<.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1 c, at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
San, .Moon nnd-Tlde.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Pdtnt, entrance to San Francifco
Bay. Published by official authority of tho
superintendent.
NOTE3 — The high and low waters occur at
the city -front fMlsslon-streo.t wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20.
Sun rises 0:U
Sun ret» 5:lfl
Moon rise* •• 1O.:3!) p. m.
5 fTimel JTlmel Time' [Time
£ J ! Ft. J [ Ft. Ft. Ft.
?JH W| -|L W! HW| JL W
20" B^l2 4.2! 9:55! 3.2 3:15 4.7110:40 0.8
21 6:10 4.4 11:12 3.2 4:34 4.0 11:42 0.7
22 7:02 4.6!12:23| 2.S 5:55 4.6!..........
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the -left
hand -column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; ths
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides.: as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United State*
Coast Survey Chart*, except when a minus (—)( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted ' from the depth given . by.
the charts. The plane of reference is the in tan
el the lower low waters.
-
THE SAN FRANCISCO 1 CALUV FRIDAY: OCTOBER 20, .1905.
AMERICAN CLIPPER SHIP SUS
QUEHANNA WHICH WAS DE
TROYED BY FIRE AT SEA.
Movement of Steamer*.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. . - Due.
W. Kruger... San Pedro.... Oct. 20
Homer Portland & Astoria Oct. 20
Coronado San Pedro Oct. 20
Waddon Iqulque Oct. 21
San Pedro Humboldt Oct. 21
Phoenix Crescent City ....Oct. 21
Tellus Oyster Harbor Oct. 21
Centralia Grays Harbor Oct." 21
S. Monica j Grays Harbor Oct. 21
Costa Rica... Portland & Astoria [Oct. 21
South Bay Portland & Astoria' [Oct. 21
Elizabeth Coqullle River |Oct. 21
Corona Humboldt ; iOct. 21
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma [Oct. 22
Oregonlan Seattle |Oct. 22
Oakland Coqullle River ]Oct. 'ii
M. F. Plant.. Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.jOct. 22
Breakwater.. Coos Bay :Oct. 22
Arctic Humboldt Oct. 22
Bonita i Nvwport & Way Ports. Oct. 22
Newburg Grays Harbor .Oct. 22
Sea Foam ! Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Oct. 22
Noyo Humboldt ...........'... Oct. 23
Norwood | San Pedro... Oct. 23
Nome City. . . San Pedro Oct. 2a
Eureka ' Humboldt Oct. 23
Enterprise... I Hllo Oct. 23
State of Cal.. Pan Diego &. Way Ports Oct. 2-t
Siberia China & Japan Oct. 2:j
Cascade Portland &. Astoria Oct. 23
Ventura . . Sydney & Way Ports. |Oct. "3
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Oct. 23
Pomona. Humboldt |Oct. 24
Aurejla Portland & Astoria Oct. 23
Rainier (Seattle & Bellingham. . Oc. 25
Chehalls. ....j Grays Haroor.v ....|Oct. 26
Porno Point Arena & Albion. .|Oct. 26
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way PortaiOct. 26
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports|Oct. 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria ....;Oct. 20
Chas. Ntl*on. Seattle & Tacoma ,Oct. 2«
Northland .... Portland & Astoria Oct. 27
Acme Willapa llaroor |Oct. 27
Neko Hamburg & Way PortsjOct. 28
Queen Puget Sound Ports. . ...(Oct. 2«
City Topeka.. Mexican Ports jOct, 28
Roanoke Portland & Way Ports. [Oct. 2S
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination Salls.j Pier.
October 20. 1 f
W. Kruger. Astoria & Portland . 5 pm|Pier 2
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor..;... 1 pm Pier V
Coronado Grays Harbor -....; 2 pm|PUr It
Pomona Humboldt. Jl:."50 p|Pler 9
Eureka Humboldt .( i> atniPier 0
iiutolier 21. I [
N. Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
M. Dollar.. Seattle direct .. spm Pier 20
S. Monica.. Los Angeles PorU. 10 am Pier 2
Ctntralla... Los Angeles Ports 10 am Pier lo \u25a0
O. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pm^ier 20
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion « pm'P.er 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am|Pler 11
Coptic China & Japan 1 pmlPler 40
San Juan... N. Y. via Ancon.. Jl2 m Pier 41
Vanguard.. Humboldt f 4 pm|Pler. 27
October 22. I ' (
City Puebla Puget Sound PortsJll amlPler h
S. Rosa.... San Dkgo & Way. 9 am|Pltr 11
October 20. II
Nome City. Seattle & Tacoma. . spm Pier 16
Norwood... Grays Harbor Pier 2-
F. Kilbuni. Portland & Way... 2pm Pier 27
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Elizabeth... Coqullle River... Pier 20
October 24. I
San Pedro.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 1
Breakwater coos Bay 5 pm Pier 8
M. F. Plant coos Bay 4 pm Pier —
Coeta Rica. Astoria & Portland 11 ampler 24
. _ October 25. I I
South Bay.. Astoria & Portland 6 pmiPier 27
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier k
6ea Foam.. ! p olnt Arena 4 pm;Pier 2
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am, Pier 11
San Mateo. . Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm|Pler 20
! October 20. I
State of Cal j San Diego & Way. 9 am|Pler 11
Noyo ! Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Nebraskan. j Hono. & Kahulul.. 3 pm Pitr 23
Newburg... Grays Harbor 2 pm Pier 10
October 27. I |
Amer. Maru! China & Japan...;! 1 pmjPier 40
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 1 11 am] Pier 9
October 28. I
Roanoke-... Los Angele3 Ports.! 2pm Pier 5
City Sydney N. Y. via Ancon.. |l2 m Pier 40
Aurella.... Aetorla & Portiand| spm Pier 27
Rainier.... Seattle & Bell'haml 4pm Pier 10
October 20. I |
Columbia... Astoria & PortlandlU amlPler 24
October 30. | |
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma. | 5 pm|Pler 20
FROM j SEATTLE.
Steamer. . , \u25a0 • Destination. Sails.
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 23
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 24
Dolphin Ekagway & Way Porte. Oct. 25
Portland Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Oct. 25
Edith \u25a0 Valdtz & Se ward .'...'Oct. 1!U
Cottage City, i Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 2(1
Jefferson ! Skagway & Way Ports. |OcU 30
CITIZENS HAKE REPORTS
. OF LOSSES TO POLICE
Burglar* nad Sneak Thlcven Continue
to Ply Their Vocation Through
out City.
Mrs. Leo E. Cohen, 045 Devisadero street,
reported to the police yesterday that her house
was entered by. a burglar on- Wednesday after
noon. \u25a0 A thorough search -had- b«en : made for
plunder, but the only things stolen were a
quartz scarf pin and four child's gold pins of
the aggregate value of $22. The little daugh
ter of a neighbor saw a large-sized boy leav
ing the house. '
Gustave Fox, ISS2 \u25a0 McAllister " street, re
jjorted that a burglar had entered the- house
through a window In the basement and had
etolen a revolver from his room. '
Louis Pauker reported . : that his "furniture
store at Mission street- had been entei*ed
and a copper boiler, twelve carpet rugs ..and 'a
woolen blanket stolen. ~ .... : < '
Frank H. Arthur. -2746 Harrison street, ; re
ported that his bicycle,- valued- at $50, was
stolen from the ; front of 251 Waller street on
Wednesday atternoon.
Pieraon Estate, Settled.
The final account of Anna R. I'lerson, widow,
and Laurcnca H. Plerson, . son of the 'late Wil
liam R. Plerson, . as : executrix and j executor ]of
decedent's will, was | filed yesterday. f They an
nounce that the total disbursements have. been
$100,822 04 and »the : receipts $72,870 80, leaving
a balance due them of $30,051 15.".: As they, are
heirs of decedent's estate, however," they walv«
the formality of an 'order ! recompensing.; them
for the balance due them; in Mhelr- official ca
pacity. Decedent's ; estate has been aporalsed
at $227,560. ,-•\u25a0.\u25a0-
Weather Report.
• (120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10—5 p. m.
The following: maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Cincinnati , 72-64 Philadelphia ..... — —
Boston New York — —
Jacksonville Plttsburg .'.
St. Louis 6S-SS! Washington .....
64-52 1 New Orleans 84-72
Honolulu, H. T.. 82-721
SAN FRANCISCO 68-52
THE COAST RECORD.
-3 33 33 == gV . £
STATIONS. S SgSf ?*§ 5° .?
. : 5 | : . : ft ;-' : §
.:33 : : :
Baker ..\ 30.42 42 18 NW . Clear .Oo
Carson 30.24 M 22 NE Cledr .00
Eureka 30.12 5S '4O NW Pt.Cldy .00
Fresno 30. C4 76 42 NW Clear .00
SE. Farrallon.3o.o6 M 51 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff ....30.10 5« IS E Clear .00
Independence. .3o. oB 66 33 SE Clsar .00
I>;s Angeles.. \u25a0%. o4 72 4S W Clear .oi>
Mt Tama]pa!B.3o.ll 61 51 N Clear .00
North Head.. 30.30 38 40 . N Clear .00
Phoenix 30.00 82 44 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Pt. Reyes 'Lt.3o.o3 64 47 N Clear . .00
Pocstello 30.46 42 20 W Clear .00
Portland 30.26 50 38 E Clear ' .00
Red Bluff 29.00 78 40 N Clear .00
Roreburg 30.16 52 34 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Sacramento ..30.04 72 38 NW Clear .00
I Salt Lnke 30.34. 48 20 NW Clear .00
| San.Franclsco.3o.oB G8 52 NW Clear .CO
! San. Jose 30.04 78 36 NW Clear' .00
S. L. 0b15p0..30.n« 70 38 NW Clear .00
San Dle^o no.fio «8 02 NW Clear .00
I Seattle 30.3S 50 30 N , Clear .00
I Spokane 30.52 44 22 W Clear .00
! Tatoosh 30.3S 48 38 X Pt.Cldy .00
I Walla Wa11a. .30. 40 48 28 NW Clear .00
[ Wlnnemucca...3o.3o 54 in NE Clear .00
! Y!ima .... 30.00 84 SO NW Clear .00
I WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
| FORECAST.
I The pressure continues high over the west
lem half of the country. Somewhat warmer
xveather prevails In California, and afternoon
temperatures In the great valley are from 6 to
10 .degrees higher than on the preceding day.
-No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains. -. . .
FORECAST FOR OCTOBER "20:
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair. Friday;
somewhat waimer; light east winds, changing
to westerly. • .
Los AngeleM and vicinity— Fair Friday;
light east winds, changing to westerly. •
Sacramento Valley— Fair Friday; light north
wind.
San Joaquln Valley — Fair Friday; light
north wind.
Coast — Fair Friday; light northwest wind.
Nevada — Fair Friday: warmer.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
EIiLIXGHOUSE IS ACCUSED
OF LVFLUEXCIXG MOTHER
His Sister and Hit Brother Sue to.Re
cover Shnre of Their Parent's
. Estate.
The hearing of the contest Instituted to the
will of the late Bertha Ellinghouse by her chil
dren, Edward C. and Em::ia Elltnghouse. be
gan before Judge CofCey yeeterday. The con
testants, who are represented by Attorneys
Samuel M^ Shortridge.ane i»uls P. Boardman,
allege that the deceased was under the influ
ence of her son. Oscar,' who took advantage of
her . weak mental _condltlon to cause, her to
leave him all of her ?10,0C0 estate, which she
Inherited at the death of xer. son, Alfred Ell-
Inghouse. the theatrical manager.'
Attorney Shortridge made the opening state
ment to Judge Coffey, who Is sitting. without a
jury. -.He raid that he woijld prove that Mr«.
Elllnchouso died of senility, a statement borne
out by the death certificate, and that a long
time prior thereto she was In such an advanced
«tatd of dementia that she knew little of what
was going on about her.
While In this condition, he asserted, Oscar
Ellinghouse caused her to give him all of her
estate, and, to make assurance, double sure,
caused her to execute a will bequeathing him
everything she possessed, with the exception
of $DQ - each to the contestants. And while do
ing this, said Shortridge, Oscar was conscious
of the fact that in his youth he had been sup
ported by Edward, now arnjeted and unable to
do manual. work, and well .knew that he was
taking advantage, of an old mother whose mind
had broken under the weight of years.
At the conclusion of the opening . statement
Oscar, was. called to the stand.' He admitted
that for some months before her death his
mother had lived In his home. He denied,
however, that he had exercised undue Influence
over • his ' demented parent and said that ehe
gave him her property -in gratitude ! for the
manner In ' which: he : had cared for her. He
was compelled to admit, however, that he did
not record gifts of stock and securities he says
were made to him by his mother I until after
his brother and sister had learned of the al
leged gifts to him. •
The case goes on again to-day.
ROBERTS APPEARS IN COURT
FOR HIS SECOND TRIAL
Alleged Bunko . Steerer Who Fled to
Seattle ami Forfeited Bail In
Attain Released.
The case of George . Roberts, charged with
grand larceny was called in Judge Lawlor's
court y«6terday to be set for trial. At the re
quest of the defendant's attorney * continu
ance was granted till to-morrow. His bonds
were fixed in $3000 or $2000 cash. The cash
waa promptly, forthcoming and Roberts was
released- irom custody, after , spending over
two and a half years in the County Jail. :'
Roberts U . aocuwd of steering W. L. Perry
to a room on March 20, ywi; , where Perry,
was, fleeced out of his money by bunko men.
lie waß arrested and held to answer, but-dis
appeared, forteiting his bail >of $1000 cash.
He was arrested In Seattle and it took Detec
tive Ryan about four months to get him, back.
He ' was P tried, convicted:, and , sentenced to
serve nine and a halt years in San Quentln.
An appeal was taken- to the Supreme Court,
and he was granted a new. trial. \u25a0 \u25a0
District Attorney Bylngton Is watching the
case closely, owing to the \u25a0difficulty experi
enced • lor I years ! In . convicting a bunko - man.*
He said yesterday, after learning that Rob
erts had been released on bail, that he would
not be surprised to hear that Roberts had
again forfeited: the bail.; :
DETECTIVE AGENCY. MAKES ;
REPORTJ OF YEAR'S WORK
Pinkertoii* , Show.* That Member* ot
American Bankers' Aanoclation
Are Well; Proted:edJ // '
The annual report : of _Plnkerton's . National
Detective Acency -to the- American . Bankers',^
Association has been Issued. The report (shows
the": work done ' by , the fores ' in tße > prosecuting
of 1 bank ; criminals -during \ th« ; last j ten j years..
The ; fl^ores ; show that , 791 " banks i which f are
not members » of I the * association < have • been :
robbed, with losses amounting to $1,034,735 dur
ing • the ; last I ten : years. • But i 130 . banks \ which
are members of \u25a0 tho j association I cuff or«d | leases
of $98,318 03 In a " similar i Derlod. y There ar«
7677,- houses belonging , to the American . Bank
'ers'-'ABsociatloii: •\u25a0- : -~ : -v:; -:'\ ". - :: -' : ~r-y' \u25a0.: :'
i•' The .- average ". loss jin: a - ; year -to ; members Is
about- $10,000,/: while 3 non-member» lost • about
$100.000 : in : the same F time. j -,
SEA CAPTAIN
IS NEGLIGENT
Master of Santa Barbara
Rebuked and Puni shed for
Running His Ship Ashore
LIGHT PENALTY GIVEN
Licenses of Mates Johnson
and 'Self Suspended for
Six and Nine Months Each
\u25a0 In the matter of the stranding of the
steamship Santa Barbara near Gualala
Point on October 1 Captains Bolles and
Bulger, United States j local inspectors,
handed down a decision yesterday sus
pending the license of her master, Cap
tain Zaddart, for; three months: that
of First ' : Officer ;E. E. Johnson for six
months," and that of Second Mate ' Ar
thur Self for.nlne months. In their de
cision the; inspectors i. say: r_
. Captain Zaddart «ays he knew that the vessel
v.-as heading !n toward the land 1 and' would
strike It about where she did; that he gave no
orders to be called at a stated \u25a0 time or when
the iog showed a certain distance from Point
Reye«, which time and distance would have
put the vessel in a safe position, buf that he
trusted to the mate's knowledge of the weather
to call him In time. E. £.* Johnson, the chief
mate, cays that there was no deviation card In
tho pilot house and that ne did "not know the
magnetic course that the vessel was making.
Arthur Belf, the second mate, admits that he
knew that the vessel was three-quarters of a
point in shore of the usual course steered for.
Point Arena, and that he was on watch when
she struck on the chute near Del Mar Landing.
We find that the vessel was within two mile?
of the land for three-quarters of an hour be
fore she struck and' drawing nearer to It on an
angle before she struck. ,
After careful consideration of the evidence in
the case we are satisfied that Captain F. B.
Zaddart was unskillful and negligent In navi
gating the steamer on this occasion. In giving
a course that took the vessel on to the land,
without definite orders to be called at a stated
hour, or when she had run a certain distance
by log, and in trusting to tne knowledge of his
officers of the weather, which In this case
proved very much at fault. Also In not hav
ing a deviation tard in the pilot-house, whero
It could /be seen by the orncers of the different
watshes and also In not Instructing the mates
as to the point on the land where the course
given by him would take the vessel.
DELEGATES ARE APPOINTED
TO CONVENTION AT CHICAGO
President Watkins Name* Baker and
Rulofson to Represent Board of
Trade of San Francisco.
President A. A. Watkins ha 3 appointed
Wakefleld Baker and A. C. Rulofson delegates
to attend the Interstate Commerce Law Con
vention to be held at Cnicago on the 26th lnst.
as representative* of ths Board of Trad-* or
San Iranclseo.
Both delegates ' have been members of tn«
executive ixjiinntiUe oi tne Paca.c- cast J«-i>
bers' and Manufacturars' Assac.atlon. Ctn r
San Francisco' delegates to attend \u25a0 the con
vention at Chicago to discuss the changes th-i.
are proposed In the powers of the Inters. ata
Commerce Commission wlir be e.ected t>day
or to-morrow.
The Board of Trade of San Francisco som.
months aso formally went on record against
giving any more powers to the Interstate Com
merce Commlfß.oners than they now po3se«
In the matter of maklne rates. A. C. Rulof
eon. one of the delegates who had been ap
pointed by President Watkins Of the B>ard oi
Trade of San Francisco, went to Washington
last winter and attended the . proceedings ot
ths House Committee on Interstate Cjmm.'rct
and fiUd resolutions in behalf of the Manu
facturers' and Producers' Atso:!atlon of Cal.
fi.rma protesting ajrainst giving itie Interstate
Commerce Commlaslonirs the power to make
rates. Mr. Rulofucn will probably appear m
opposition to the prop-sed addition to ths pow
ers of the Interstata Commerce Commission at
the convenjlon at Chlcapo c-n the 26th inst.
WIFE OF A CRAM COOKER
CREATES SCENE IN COURT
Bccomen Hysterical When Judce Holds
Children Shmilil Be Taken
Srrom Her. . .
With a wall tliat echoed through the cor
ridois of the City Hall, Mrs. Rot>a Vento. wife
of Glusepr»e ' Vento, a crab cooker, threw her
self on her knees before Judge Hebbard yester
day and with outstretched hands Implored the
court not to take from her her three children,
whom she had so sadly neglected.
Judge Hebbard said the testlmonv given
showed her unlit to have the custody of her
Children. The ttrst duty of the court was to
guard the moral and physical welfare of the
.little ones, he said. # \u25a0 \u25a0'
From the admissions of both husband and
wife It was evident that notwithstanding the
fact that they have- several thousands of dol
lars in bank, they have been living In squalor
and quarreling and fighting while their chil
dren suffered. Judge Hebbard said neither
party w^s entitled to a divorce, each being
equally to blame, but that It was evident that
the children shouuld be given Into the custody
of some charitable Institution. It was then
that Mrs. Vento save way to her emotions.
Judge Hebbard Instructed counsel to report
the facts as established by the evidence to the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren, the court to be Informed of conditions
as the society finds them. Mre. Vento was then
allowed' to take her, children home with her,
but It may be that another order of court will
issue soon giving them Into the custody of
some . proper institution. -
UNION IRON WORKS
TO REPAIR ALA.VEOA
Succestif ul Bidders Aicree to Complete
Work on the Steamship Within
' ",'V Thirty-Five Day*.
The Union , Iron Work 3 has been awarded
the contract to repair the hull of the steamship
Alameda. The successful bid was for $30,000.
work to be completed In thirty-five days.
Bld» on the work were ocened yesterday
afternoon by John D. Spreckels In the pres
ence of representatives of the insurance under
writers and the contractors who filed tenders.
The bids were as folows: v .
Union Iron Works. $30,000, 83 days' time.
Moore & Scott Iron Works, $35,500, 20 days'
United; Engineering Works, $37,000, 43 days'
Rlsdon Iron Works. $37,777." 42 ' days' time.
The work will be started at once and will be
rushed to completion.
German Ited Crows.
The German Ladies' Benevolent 'Red Crow
Society will give- a grand, souvenir ball In
Saratoga Hall on Sunday evening. October 29.
when fancy parasols, fane and other artllcles
will be distributed to those who attend.
4» 1 r>c :<C| <c\
np I •&+* — *P I »*^ V
It* Doesn't* Cost* a Cent. ;
for Coal, Kindling or Care
NO SMOKE ::: NO ASHES ::: NO DUCT
j» flf M^Oi aT^^
415 Post St^
SOLDIERS HOLD
MILITARY RACES
Field .-.Day Exercises at the
Presidio Prove of More
Than Ordinary Interest
FIRST RELAY A TIE
General Hospital Team Car
rie's Off Easy Victory
in the Football Game
The field day exercises at the Presidio
yesterday were of more than ordinary
Interest, owing to the cioseness of the
races and the time mads. Lieutenant
James B. Taylor had full charge of the
sports and to him was left the decision
of some almost tie races.
In the dismounted relay race, the Sev
entieth and One Hundred and Fifth com
panies of Coast Artillery were ti<".d and
had to run the race over. In the second
race the One Hundred and Fifth Com
pany won first prize and the second prize
was given to the Seventieth Company.
In the mounted relay . race the first
prize was won by Troop D of the Third
Cavalry and second prize was given to
Troop F..
The 220-yard dash was won by Corporal
Long of the Twenty-seventh Company,
Coasts Artillery, and second prize waa
given to Sergeant Goad of the One Hun
dred and Fifth. Company. Goad also won
the second prize in the running broad
jump, the first being won by Sergeant
Cameron of the Twenty -seventh Com
pany, Coast Artillery.
Private Schmidt of the Sixty-fifth Com
pany of Artillery showed his skill with
the -. sixteen-pound hammer by winning
the first prize, while the second was
given to Private Price of Company B of
the hospital corps.
The 120-yard hurdle race was won by
Sergeant Cameron of the Twenty-seventh
Company and second prize was given to
Sergeant Glass of the Thirty-eighth Com
pany, Coast Artillery.
The football came between the Gen
eral Hospital and the Presidio teams was
won by the General Hospital, Bcore 20
to 0. The hospital team made some very
good plays and as soon as It found lt
opponents* weak points it had no trouble
in making a run whenever it desired.
Major F. M./ Eastman, chief commis
sary of the Pacific Coast, will soon leave
for Chicago to take the place of the late
Colonel Frank E. Mye, chief commissary
of the Department of the Lakes, who died
in that city October 6. Major Eastman
has been stationed In this city for the
last year and during his stay has won
many friends. He will be succeeded in
this division by Colonel E. E. Dravo of
Gcvenors Island, N. Y.
Colonel Stephen P. Jocelyn. chief of
staff of the Pacific Division, has reported
for duty after a pleasant visit in the East
with his family, who are about to start
for Europe.
Major W. K. Wright of the Seventh In
fantry, now stationed In Columbus. Ohio,
is stopping at the Palace.
Major J. I. Mourison, Thirteenth In
fantry, is staying at the Occidental, en
route to Washington, D. C.
SAYS HER HUSBAND MADE
THREAT TO END HER LIFE
Wife off Tugboat Captain Saya He
. Wanted to Throw Her Into the
" ' . \u25a0• Bar. ;\u25a0-.'\u25a0%
"My hueband, Matthew A. Bushnell. is cap
tain of the tugboat Fortune," said Mrs. Paulln*
Bushnell to Judge Graham yesterday, during
the hearing of her suit for divorce, "and In
addition to falling to provide for me. he told
me that he would like to get me out on his
boat and he would throw me overboard." As
Mrs. Bushnell had testimony corroborating her
statement that her husband'had failed to pro
vide her with the common necessaries of life
and < none to corroborate her story of cruelty
as contained In hl» threat to throw her over
board, the court ordered a decree Issued to her
on the ground first mentioned.
Decrees of divorce were granted to Theresa
from Charles E. Hoppe for cruelty. Lena from
William Ramsdell for cruelty. Christina fr jm
James McGlll for cruelty and Mary C. from
Ja.rr.cs J. Scecchltano for desertion.
Suit for divorce was filed by Martha against
Samuel Davis for failure to provide.
LanKdon Files Annual Report.
Superintendent of Schools Langdon yesterday
filed his annual report for 1904-5 with the Su
pervisors showing the total enrollment of pu
pils to have been M.070 and the average daily
attendance 39.720. The school census Is fixed at
94 545 and the number of teachers in the de
partment is 1181. Twenty-thrte teachers re
signed one retired and two died during the
year. The teachers annuity fund amounts to
$r»r>M. :iu and the permanent fund to $37,613 98.
Tht- receipts were $1.43(5,2*4 ltl and the dis
bursements $1,405,215 80. The value of school
property Is $0.*79.4C9 75.
Humane Society Meets.
At a meeting or the Humane Society held
yesterday. Acting Secretary McCurrle reported
that more than 500 animals had been afforded
relief during the . preceding month. C. W.
Marwedel was elected a life member and the
following to annual membership: G. W. Hoop
er. C F. Hass. H. S. White, E. W. Newhall.
Wi Jones, J. Coop, Klelber A Co.; C. C Moore,
M. J. Fontana, \V. P. Levy. E. E. Erbe, D.
McLeod J. Elsenbach. F. Toklas. W. N. Kelly.
E. L Van dcr Nallteiv O. Zeus, L. J. Clay
burgh. S. H. Taylor. E. E. Drake. Bay City
Iron Works. H. M. Dorsey, M. Mcllahan. H.
P•\u25a0 Christie, O. A. Rouleau and S. A. Clarke.
John Pearson, a driver, was arrested by. Offi
cer McCurrle yesterday for beating a horse
with an Iron bar.
Woman Refused a Warrant.
Miss Lucy McCann. 2788 Pine street, called
at the District Attorney's office -yesterday
morning and applied lor a warrant for the
arrest of J. M. Peters. Sha said that Peter*
was Introduced to her some months ago as
the captain of the steamer Centennial, and he
took her diamond pin. valued at $30. and a
silk muffler. She saw his name mentioned In
the papers In connection with the arrest, of
M J. Welch for altering and uttering a South
ern Pacific Railroad pass. Peters was brought
here from Arizona as a witness in the caae.
Detective Gibson said It looked to him like a
scheme to defeat the ends of Justice and the
warrant was refused.
i Here U . ffiOtfil
\u25a0! built Knives \ K^UH
} on the market, ns. \ W *TKa
\u25a0 The blade? are \. \ HblfißU
of the celebrated^. \ |BniJ9
Damascus strel. The N\ \J<\Jhl|3
- real knife Is about \>. /|cfin*M
':' one-third larger than^^
j nccompanylnar Hlu3tra-\ yWBH
c tlon. The farmer or me-\ «T^/
j <-hantc cotild not get a\sB|j|iy
• better knife. My special ~M
i price Is SI.OO V\
i Mail orders promptly filled. \
r I hone and grind all sorts of
; Cutlery. , (
"I Razors honed and ground a I
1 specialty. I :
5 Honlns 25c [
I THAT MAN PITTS j i
% F. "W. PITTS, The Stationer, i
\u25a0 1008 Market St.. San Franohro. J
WHEN YOU TREAT
You Are
fe^ -^ la Treating
r7^& M$ with ReIJa *
\Jr\ Tw c Special-
. !|^— - 'JL We have been
V^w^©k a^X. here for years
\u25a0^hagS^^. / faf'tt**^ and our curei
JrS— J^j?T^ patients nutn-
E^B^T >•<»/ «i«L be r many
CURE MEN FOR $1230
\V> cure Skla Diseases. Blood Polaon,
Varleocele. Stricture, Xerron* Decline.
WrakneM, PUes. Fistula and Diseases
of the Kidneys, Bladder and Prostate.
Special Dlneases— Xewly contracted
and chicnlc cases cured. AH Burning. Itchbvt
anil ln;lammatkn stopped In twenty-four bcur>;
cures t:K« i cte<l in sevea days.
PAY WHEN CURED
We cure all chronic and special diseases of
men. We build you up -and stop all drains
and unnatural conditions In a short time with
little medicine and our external treatment.
If yon cannot call, write tor symptom
blanks.
DR. HOLSMAN & CO.
Hours — S to 5, 7 to 8:30 p. ra. dally;
Sunday, 9 to 12.
72S> .MARKET ST. (Top Floor). S. V.
FREE! FREE!
AT THE OWL DRUG CO., lt2S MAR-
KET ST.. S. F.. A $I.o© BOTTLE OF
CASEY'S RHEUMATISM CUBE
The world's tatest remedy. It rarely falte be-
cause It supplies the blood with necessary sub-
stances to dissolve and remove the ooison of
rheumatism — uric acid. This new and wonder-
ful care has of late been discovered by a «k>v-
-rnmfnt phystclan. Ij now manu'actur?4 ty
the John H. Casey Med. Co.. Spokane. Wash.
Only a few free bottles left. Cut out tW« ad.
and rend <wlth name and address*) to John H.
Casey. San Francisco. General Delivery, and
I will nend you a written order for the free
bottle. Send at once while It's tree.
OCE.IXTRAVEL.
0 Steamers leave Piers 9
and 11. San Francisco:
For Ketchikan. Wranget,
Juneau. Treadwell. Halnes.
.Skagway. etc.* Alaska— ll
•. m.. Oct. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22.
27. Nov. 1. Change to this
company's steamers at Se-
attle.
For Victoria. Vsncouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoraa. Everett. Ana-
cortes. South Bellingham. Belltngham — 11 a.
m., Oct 2 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Nov. 1. Change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.. at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. \u25a0 _
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay* — Pomona. 1:30
p m Oct. 2. S. 14. 20. 26. Nov. 1. Corona.
I:.V> p. m.. Oct. 5. 11. 17. 23. 29. Nor. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles sad
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rcsa. Sundays. 9 a. ra.
State of California. Thursday!". 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayueos. Port Harford (San
Luis OblsDO). Ventura and Hueneme — •
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Oct. 5. W. 21. 29. Nov. 4.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Oct. 1. 0. 17. 23. Nov. 2. \u25a0
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose det
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
"ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1906— The
DftUtlal Atsska excursion steamship SPOKANE
wtl* leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria Jun«
7 21. July 5. 19. August 2.
For further Information obtain folder. Rl*ht
is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market rt.. and Broadway
wharfs Freirtt Offlce-10 Market it.
C D DUNANN General Passenger Agent.
* " 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN' KAISHA
ORIENTAL S. S. CO.»
SteameTS will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan street*. 1 p. m.. for Yokohama and
Hongkong, calling at Honolulu. Kobe (Hlogo).
Narasakl and Shanghai, and connecting at
HonakonK with steamers for India, etc Ni>
No canto received on board on rtay of sailing.
SS "AMERICA MARU" FRIDAY. Oct. 27.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates.
For freight and passage apply at company's
otnee.
S S VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
: land and Sydney Thursday. Nov. 2. 2 p. ra.
8 ST MARIPO3A. for Tahiti. Nov. 22. 11 a.m.
J.D.SJRECKELS k BRDi&JttB. Tlcfct ffittM 643 HU-
let rrelzHi OSr 337 Mar&t Si. Pier 7. Pacifc M
Cnmpnenle Generale TranantUntlque.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-Parls.
fcallllig every Thursday Instead oC SkSia
Saturday. 10 a, m.. from Pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton st.
First-class to Havre. *70 and upward. _&*-
ond-cls«s-tO Havre |45 and trpward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
Yew York JF FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
AK«nts; 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by aU Railroad Ticket Agents.
MiOui NAVY YARD,
VAI.LEJO and NAPA
Napa Volley Rout©
Monticello S. S. Co. and Napa Valley Eleo-
trio R. B- Co. Close connections.
«I_ROinVD TRIPS DAILY — 8
Boats leave San Francisco 7: CO, *9:13 a. m.,
12-30 coon. 3:15. 8:00. 8:30 p. m.
San" Francisco landing and office. Pier 2;
foot of Mission st.. one block south liarkst-at. !
Ferry. Meals ala carte. Phons Mmtß li«t>
•lAndi Navy Yard dirtct
lk.mi »'i n I iiismi— mlWlMiniMMWi
1112
Business CanitaJ Should Be as Easu i Get as a Good Business Location
JOHN' D. SPRECKELS>... Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOliy SIcX AUGHT Manager
\V. J. aiARTIX. . . .Business Manager
TELEPHONE. </\u25a0: " "- . '~- *'
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cte. Per Werit. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Coplei BCU.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage (Cash Wltn
DAILY CALL flnclud. lunday). 1 ' re * r " l> !*o9
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 mos... *-w
DAILY CALL— By Single Month „•«>-»
SUNDAT CALL, 1 Year r-^X
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year ' •• U^IZZ
FOREIGN {^ ay -;l:?iieri^iSrJ
POSTAGE. \ weekly . 100 P*r Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
eampl* Coplea will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall subscriber* in ordering <**=«• HJST
«resa ahould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to mu™ _»
prompt and correct cocnplianc* witn tne»r r»-
«;ue6t.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephon* Malm 10SS
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
J435 Fai* Btr*et. Near Santa Clara. AT*na*.
Phon* Alameda C5B.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tI4S Cccter Etreet Telephon* North TJ
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
M. E. CRANE 1406 G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 81
Union gQuare; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-a-venue
Hotel &sd Hoffin&n House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Ho ate: P. O. News Co. r Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Marquett* Building
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2G19.")
KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTEFKEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Bulldis*
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Eo.uar«
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every Eight In the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
lOCS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
£06 Montgomery aye. : open until 8 p. m.
£00 Hsyes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C;* 9 McAllister etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. 31.
2>tl Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
306 Eleventh street: open until S p. m.
1096 Valencia eti-eetj open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until » p. m.
£200 Fillrcore etreet; open until 9 p. m.
4314 J street, cear Ocean Boulevard: open
until 8 p. m. V
MEETIAG XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No 1, K. -T_
T. — Stated assemb.y THIS ' <KRI- "Tirer
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. BJ
Order of R^i Cross. All fraters cor- SS^ i
dially iavited.
WILLLVM R. JOST. Recorder.
• .. — — I
PACIFIC Lodge Xo. 33<j, F. and A. M.. <s
will meet THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- vSf
ING, ~:2<J o'clock. First Decree.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. %: ,
AMITY Lodge Xo. 370. r. and A. M.. a.
Mission Masonic Tempi*- s?p?cial '%?V
meetlr.c THIS (FRIDAY) KVEXING r^\
at 7 :30 o'clock. First Desre?. Masons
invited. A. B. CLARK. Secretary.
EAN FRANCISCO Lodge No, .". I. .... . «. - f
O. O. F.— Lecture TO-NIGHT.->^^fe£fe.
In- Brother GEO. WALCOM. P \u25a0 "%*S^§3gSS
«.*. Visitingr brothers are cor- "\u25a0^£iXo^
<j:ally invited. H. L. MEYERS. Sec.
CALIFORNIA LODGE No. 1, K. of -45P*
P.. meetß THJS (FRIDAY) EVEN- kT^j^
ING a.t S o'clock, Pioneer buiUins "fc*^*
24 Fourth Ftreot. Visitors ocrdiallv &*&&
Invited. . 'eS-*^
JOHN" M. LOHTOX. C. C
R. X. McLEXNAN. X of R and P.
KL'REKA Lodge Xc. 3 K. of P, __
meets THIS 1 FRIDAY) EVENING i'^S
at Krcling building, "52 Eddy st.
Knight Rank <lons formi. All !&\u25a0&,
brother Knights welcome. yHzZ2^ \
I'HIL G. CI.'LLOM, C. C. ;
GEO. H. BRODIiRSON, K. cf R. and S.
6AX FRANCISCO Tcr.t Xo. /^P^^K. I
IS. K. O. T. M.— Review kUX-^-^S^
THIS tFRIDAV) EVEN- £J^9 ft^i
IXG at S o'clock. Pioneer ff^JJ -•' v ?«2|:
Hall. 24 Fourth F t. 44ajt •'•*'- "45*^1 |
D. B. RICHARDS. I
Record iveeoer. j
REGULAR meeting and nomination v r> s j
of clflccrp of trit- '""alwior.lan C'.iih fv />.? i ;
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING at S fcTO i
o'clock. Ki^ltish Hall, 117 Larkin "<fc^tk
«t. D. T). McRAE, Chief.
JAS. H. DHNCAN. S-cretair-
FKIENDS a-.d membw,: are corHu\lvs£afc£ |
invited to attend th<> tßsnts-sevcn hft-5^ i
annual tartjft and pi< ni-- of tbe Aje- J'gJ?? I
!trian Military ail Pen»v«;fn:*A* o- 'Saw j
.-iption to Ye heM at Sh»ll M-u.-.d
Psrk. SUNDAY. Octob?r ii. Val ab!f> t \u25a0•m- •
bolp. prizes wi.l te dl»tribatMJ The a 1:0 a'
Ausrlan Military B-.nl will fr irh the!
mupic. Th<> association Laves on ihe 1 * a. ru. ]
b"at. Boats l<>ave .«ep:t crery iO minute-- .
for park. Amusement lor old p.i<! yyonf. !
Tl^«>ts 2.V- . COMMI TTEE.
CHEAPEST and br-Kt in America— Th« Weekly j
Call, 1C jiages. sent to any address in the
United States or Canada on» year for fl.
ATTORNEYS- AT- LAW.
AA— DIVORCE; costs $12; quick, quiet; ad-
vice free; no rherge unlesg successful; opea
evenings; w'!"£. deeda. leasEE. bills of eale
and articles of c.-'-r-artnerphip care'ully pre-
pared; bankruptcy; collections and probating;
cf cMates. '.127 Market St.. room 301.
/A — DIVORCE c«*t» Jl2.
Quick, (j'Jit-t; iepal adv'.c free.
£\u25a0*•:> chsrse unless euccessful.
All Uw business.
Examiner building, room C!C. third floor.
P.. v.-. KINO. Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg-..
C>h floor. ent:ance room 013: eKtabiifhcd 20
yarf. all courts, grntral courts arid offico
l/i-artlc*: r.o fee in advance or for consulta-
tion: <?v«>nlnps by appointment. Tel. R"d 3601.
ADVICE !ree; legal divorce costs $12; all law
fa«f» handl«>d; ni> fee in advance; open Sat-
urday eveririß?: rth<»r rv»»ninß« l\v apjjoint-
inerit: <-s!l and wxe tnon»y. SK« Mkt.. r. S3.
L. B, ('LARK. K~ MBrk«-t, room '502. cor.aulta-
*en f^yg: no 'en in advance Open evenings.
COMPLETE divorce for 520 by able young at-
*"»i*r. For interview cd. look box 422. city.
[_ ASTHMA^ CTUnK. _. -
A. DI KOLA'S sfthma remedy cures; for sale
by all drugßiMs: main d«»pot ]<sft2 Market
ft.. Ft. Nloholay Hot* 1; lfk~. SSc. .r)oc. r )0c postage.
__^ AtTO M OB I LK S. I
ffX>— FIXE autotnobil*>. alrncFt rrw. at KLEI-
BER P. ViOt Fo'sonrsl.
__ noAnniN'G for childoex.
WANTED— A baby tf> raU» from birth; will
b" £iv<=ri a moth^r'a care. Box D Call
Rranch, 104*) Misrfen St.---
AX infant «ill »><? given perfect care; f!5 a
rr>onth. Box 3790. Call.
A CHILD to board In private family: no other
(h!Mi»r.: ly-rt of care. %r,\Vs Greenirleh et.
BOOKKEEPIXG.
LET us keep your books; nothing too large.
r.ethirg too r.mall; we make a. specialty of
keeping small t-ets of books.
THE FAXOX-JAMES AUDIT CO..
r»I. Montgomery 131 L 930 Market at.
BICYCIiES. :
ALL kinds eecond-hand bicycles bought, aold
and exchanged. J. -VV. FRY. IS2C Polk tt.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
BAD tenanta ejected for $4; collectiona made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery_et.. rooma 9-10. Tel; Main 5560.
DR. PIERCE-S Magnetic Elastic Truaa: per-
fect retainer; positive cure; book free. R«-
moved to 206 Kearny et.. room 307.
DAY AIVD CONTRACT WORK-
CARPENTER and buiidor want* work by day
or contract. C. C. LEROT, &02 Jesaie tU
BUSIXESS CHANCES.
--.""GOOO- H AMMAN bath, th« most popular
ai>d most central located In S. F.; large pat-
ronage of best class customers; clears above
$300 a month; lease. See R. G. WILKE, 26%
I Kearny «t.
A—s9oo;A — $900; OYSTER and chop house; the very
best location in this city; a first-class paying
business; owner compelled to sell, account of
slcknass. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s4soo:A — $4500: CORNER barroom; close to Chronicle
building; place established many yean; lately
renovated; elegant fixtures; large stock; sick-
ness of owner only cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A—s2ooo;A — $2000; SALOON on water front; lease; 14
furnished rooms; a good paying business; no
better location; disagreement of partners
cause of sale. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A SPLENDIDLY located ealoon; close to Mills
building; mercantile . lunch; net rent $60;
lease; a flne chance; investigate, you will
buy. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny at.
A—$1000;A — $1000; SALOON on Fourth at., close to
Market; an excellent location; good business;
mutt sell at once; other business calls him to
the country. R. G. WILKB, 26% Kearny st.
FRUIT store; choicest location; owner -is en-
gaged in other buelnees; a oh&noe for a good
business, cheap. Partlculara, R. G. WILKE.
86% Kearny at. .
OLD established bakery in Western Addition;
large store trade; bake 6 barrels a day;
owner engaged In other business only cause
of tale. Call R. G. WILKE. 2.6% Kearny at.
A MAN of ability and experience in handling a
sawmill to lnveat $10,000 in a company or-
ganizing to take over coast sawmill about 1
year old; absolutely safe aad 6 per cent guar-
anteed; good ealary to right man. Address
box 4656. Call otfloe.
~* FOR SALBT"
THE finest up-to-date wholesale and retail
harness, eaddlery, shoe flndinga and leather
business on the coast for sale; can make all
the money you want. Correspond with JUH.s
T. STOLL. Sacramento, Cal.
$10,000— SALOON buslnesa for sale; Market St.,
near Sutter; long lease; clearing $500 per
month. Apply room 230, Mills building.
$IS,OO0 — SALOON business for sale; O'Farrell
et.. near Powell; long lease; clears $1000 per
month. Apply room 230. Mills building.
$1800— SALOON, Fourth St., near Market; es-
tablished for years; safe and cash register
included; rent $55 month; one of the greatest
bargains ever offered; selling on account of
sickness. M. LESS, 935 Market St., room 8.
$300— PARTNER wanted in light business;
suited to plain steady man satisfied with $18
to $35 a week; trial given; no esperlenoe re-
quired; ishort hours. 759 Market St.. room S.
LADY wishes a partner with a small capita),
to start in an .astounding discovery; hair re-
iKorative and lotion for complexion; refer-
ences exchanged. 1234 Folsom at.
$60 WILL buy a cood paying old-established
restaurant; central location; owner being
Bick must leave the city at once; coat $400
to furnish. Call at room 16, Phelan building.
BEfc'T equipped chop in City for mpdel, «-x-
perimental and small machine work; doing
pood business; good location; price complete.
$1400; inquire on premises. 544 A Stflsstui it.
$650— FIRST-CLASS hotel and bar, furnished
rooms; clears $250 to $800 per month; 3-year
lease; $25 per month rent. Box 4631, Call.
$5000 — RECEIPTS $70 a day; corner grocery
and bar; will stand full investigation. Box
4CU3, Call office.
DRUG store for sale; 17 miles from Eureka, on
railroad; only drug store; full prices; price
$1500 cash. A. EVANS. Loleta, Humboldt Co.
NEWSPAPER route fcr saie in Oakland; a.
Kood Call route in Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
CIGAR stand for rent. Call at 304 California
street.
WANTED — Good carpenter as partner in gooJ
paying job shop. 3373 Eighteenth st.
FOR sale — A fine delicacy store: very reason-
able; no azents. Box 3852. Call.
SMALL, restaurant for sale; suitable for man
and wife. Apply at 506 Howard ft.
$150 — PARTNER wanted; genteel contracting
business: $15 week. 131 Montgomery, r. 8.
WANTED — To buy a saloon in San Francisco
for cash; must be cheap. Box 3545, Call.
CANDY and ice cream parlor: well estab. : good
location; $500. C2l Vallejo St.. cor. Mont. ay.
TURK. 436 — Flrst-class delicatessen and res-
taurant for sale.
ELECTRIC laundry, est. 8 yrs.. for sale, in-
cluding prop. ; doing good bus. Box 3526, Call.
GOOD Call route for sale. Apply at Call
office. -
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at lOCS Market gt., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— CAMERON &. CO. Phone* South 1050.
3 Eddy Et., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, \u25a0 Hotels - and
AH Kinds of Business Chances.
16 rooms, fins location; furnished in oak,
birdfpye maple end mahogany; fully arranged
for househtepins: small payment down, bal-
ance can be paid out of house; price $1000.
:;n rooms; central; fine corner; all sunny
rooms: rent only ?5 50 per room; good furni-
ture and carpets; always full and clears over
I $15<> per month; on account of sickntss at
j bargain.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
i = :—:: — :
SCHWEINHARD A CO..
I>al Ertn'e and Roomlng-House Brokers,
1 lOfS'i Market st.. cpp. .".th: phone Jessie 3041.
Bayers: We liave houses to suit you; hon-
; eM vplupk siiaranteed or no sale.
i FISHER & CO Phon«s Main 3354
Room 435, James Flood Building.
Furnished rooming-houses, hotels and flats.
10-ROOM hous<\ well furnished; .full of r.>oin-
ere: party leaving city. Inquire 152 Tenth.
HonmiiiK-lliMme* and Hotels (or Sale.
MARION GRIFFIN,
970. Market st.-. Room SOI. Eighth Floor.
RoominE-Houee Broker. Phone Main 3343.
CARPET-nEATIXG AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Proces used
for cleaning carpets on floor without remov-
'•al; carpet and rugs also cleaned by com-
prefsed a!r at shop: prices moderate. S. F.
Compressed Air Cleaning Company. 308 Mar-
ket et. : phone Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
tend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ir.K Works. :>s.'!-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 4,0.
WESTERN Carpet-Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
ri&on St.; At cleaning. 3c. FREI> HAGE-
DORN & CO.: plio:-e Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
Golden Onte aye. & Larkin; phone East 126."
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co., J. McQueen
proprietor. 829 Guerrero rt.; tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402. Sutter St.;
iel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM 'A CO., Props.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLPH A CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et. ; tel. Misalon 2C3.
LACE CIIRTAIXS AXI? BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S New York Curtain House; most
' complete plant for cleaning lace curtains and
blanketa. 1324 Fillmore; phone West 530 G.
DENTISTSj^
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL COMPANY.
Perfect painless dentistry at lowest prices.
Full set of teeth. $2; silver fllllngs. 25c; gold
fillings. SI; gold crowns, $3; bridge work, $3.
1104 Market et., corner Turk.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot hreak;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. f&: full cet; all work painless and
xvarraiHfd. Chicago Dental . Parlor*. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, near 11th— ',
No charge for extracting when platss are
made; old plate* made over like new;- teeth
troro ?S per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
LOWEST prices In S.F.; painless extraction.-
50c New York Dentists. W>9 Mission, cor. 6th
DR. J. E. YOUNG. d«nti»t. removed to 406
Butter et... rooms 7 and 8. .- . •
GOLD fillingß, 75c; eilver, 35c; crowns, $2, .n0 i
pain; op. Sun Dr.A.C.Hewltt.lOm Grant ay. ;
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pag«-s. In wrapper.' for mailing, $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS AM) SEAMSTRESSES.
STEWARTS Lining, Pleating and - Buttonhole
Factory of 110 Taylor st. will -remove to 14
and 16 Taylor Bt." about Ootcber I.'- - \u25a0•.
MRS. ESTES, : fashionable . dressmaking, St.
Kathryn Hotel. 480, Ellis; tel. East 138»..;
McDOWELL Dressmaking Rnd Millinery. School
. —Eve. class; patterns cut. 1190 Market: st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; :i'RIDAY, OCTOBER 20; 1905.
AA— , PROF. NIBLO.
IT IS JUST AS CHEAP TO SEE THE BEST.
ASTRAL . DEAD-TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK. :
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS. $1. S
$1 CO— LOW FEE— $l 00. :- •
BRING CALL COUPON AND SAVE $4.
MY $3 COMPLETE LIFE READING
FOR $1 if YOU BRING THIS
ADVERTISEMENT.
411 A ELLIS ST.. NEAR JONES' ST.
NO CHARGE IF NOT SATISFIED WHEN
READING IS OVER— YOU TO BE JUDGE.
I DO HEREBY SOLEMNLY AGREE and
guarantee to make no charge If I fail to call
you by name in full, names of your friends,
enemies or rlvala. I promise to tell . you
whether your husband, wife or sweetheart is
true or false; tell you how to gain the love
of the one you most' v desire, even • though
mile:) away; how to succeed In business,
speculation, lawsuits; how to marry, the one
of your choice; how to regain youth, \u25a0 health
and vitality. Removeß evil Influences, cure*
drink habits, locates treasures, cures . all
nervous diseases. >•\u25a0'-.'* \u25a0:>.
How can 1 have good luck?
How can I succeed in business?
How can 1 make my home happy?
How can I conquer my enemies? .'.
How can I J marry the one I choosa? v
How can I marry well?
How soon can I marry?
How can I conquer my rivals?
How can I make any one lova me?
How soon will my lover propose? [
How can I get a good position?
How can I remove bad influences?,- •
How can I control • any one ? .
How make distant ones think of me?
How can I hold my husband's love?
How can I keep my wife's love?
Oldest Established. First Registered.
Best notvn Clairvoyant in California,
Others may come and others may go, but
Profetsor NIBLO always remains.
Houra, 10 to 8 daily and Sunday.'
411 A Ellis St.. near Jones st.
Permanently located In his own home.
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE
If you wish reliable advice consult PROF.
LIVINGSTONE.
You hear the truth and nothing .but the
truth, be it good or bad. He positively refusea
to a-jcept any fee in advance and leaves If to
your Judgrment whether he has performed all
he claims and advertises to do.
Full Life Reading r.Oc. Hours 10 to 8.
LIVINGSTONE— 26V4 Kearny— LIVINGSTONE
A PHENOMENAL *5 mental reading for $1.
ST. GEORGE ORMONDE. ...1031 Market Bt.
Yoghl initiate, ; clairvoyant, psychic palmist.
Tell you more than all others combined;
how to overcome sickness, drink or weak-
habits, enemies, spells, lost vitality, bad
luck; find treasures, valuable mines; marry
your choice; restore lost love ; secure secret
powers of control; reunites separated: im-
plants . business success. By mail $2. $10,000
for his equal. - ' \u25a0 -
A— MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis St.. ,'
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, can- be consulted on
all affairs of life; Miss WHle. guarantees an
honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; reveals
the. past; gives correct rorecast of your fu- \u25a0•
ture;" advises . you on important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gives the secret how to control, charm, fas- |
oinate the one you love; reading","* $1; hours
10-8 p. m.; French, German, English Bpoken.
CASSANDRA. 1C07& Market st.. near Sixth—
Before taking any Important step in love,
marriage, divorce,- purchases, sales, invest-
ments. Journeys, health, consult the great
clairvoyant and palmist. Cassandra; \u25a0 she is
the famous medium who predicted the Russo-
Japanese war 4 year* ago;*also.the assassin-
ation of President McKinley ;. readings. $1;
hours, 10 a. in. to 8 p. m. .
~~ LINCOLN..
Clairvoyant and psychic; the oldest and best
known clairvoyant in . San Francisco. Re-
opened at 366 O'Farrell st. Hours 10 to 5.
Readings by mall, $2. . '\u25a0--"-
MME. ROBERTS, clairvoyant; convincing
proofs revealed through her . power of clalr-
voyancy; readinss daily; circle Wednesday
eve.. 8 o'clock. 108& Hayes st.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. & palm.,
has second sight-:- a wonderful - prophetess;
names SOc. $1. 1035 Fillmore. nr. McAllister.
MME. KRONEN-BERG, clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist; when others fail try me: good
reading 25c; no sign. 102 ] .0 6th. nr. Mission.
MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all affairs of life;, satisfac-
tion guar.; 25c up. 17 3d, next Examiner bldg.
RETURNED — Mme. Odftll,' card and teacup
read.; 25c-50c. satisfaction gnar. 505 Jones.
ISMAR will return to San \u25a0 Francisco and be In
her offlce by Sunday, November. 5.
MME RAVENNA, the marvelous clairvoyant.
gives names; advice in all affairs. 5 4th st.
MME. WARD. 1153 Market St., above' 7th—
Clairvoyant gives names, dates and facts. "
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladle* 25c,
gents 50c: hours'lto 0." M." Minna st.
MRS. SHAKER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed from 108 Sixth et. to 954 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for. 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
1G pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SPIRITUALISM. _
MRS. KONOLD, 148 Sixth St., circle to-night;
ladies'* circle Wed., 2:30, lCc; also reliable,
readings, 25c; consult me after trying others.
A— MRS J. J. ", WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 12C6 Market, r., 10. Gait House.
MRS CRINDLE, materializing seance Friday
and Sunday eves. 1004 Van Ness aye.
EARLE'S seance Sun., Wed., 219 Eddy St.;
readings. Hotel Hlgglns. O'Farrell Bt.
PALMISTRY.
A — RETURNED, H. Jerome Fosselli, scientific
palmist. 612 Mason, nr. Sutter: tel.Black 5608
j EDUCATIOSAU
A — THE Lyceum, an excellent preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; we prepared hundreds of students suc-
cessfully and we shall prepare you; day,
evening session ; references President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUS. C0L., 933 Market,
conducted by Robt.' F. Gallagher, expert
court revK}rtet\ holds world's record for short-
hsnd writing; successful himself, will make
you so: shorthand typing, bookpg. Catalogue.
ALL who desire good positions should attend
this college; we have had 250 good places
since March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
lege, 738 Mission st. . :", -* •-
' THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America;- positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
DANCING, both adult and children's classea,
now.op»n at Hlnman's School of. Dancing,
1412 Polk st., near California; phone j East
2126. V
- HEALD'S School, of Mines and Englnering, 24
Post st., S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, eteam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest in the- West; annual
enrollment 1000; send: for circular. . .
BY young lady, exchange, piano- lessons for
room, -walkinc distance, from Call building.
Box 4636, Callofflce. " \u25a0\u25a0,\u25a0\u25a0-.- ;
ENGINEERING — Civil, eltc.. : mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve; est. 1864. -Van
der Nallien School. 118 Fulton. nr.City Hall.
A— METRO POLITAN-California-Students Join-
ed. Business. Stenographic.. o2s Golden Gate.
A— SPANISH. French. Italian, English branch-
es. MRS. AMEf. 1311 Octavla st.. nr. Geary.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION— —Day and
. PARTINGTONS. 424 Post st.— Night claases.
A epecial -claes preparatory to teachers' exam-
inations or State nor.: schls. 333 Phelen bldg.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, .16 pages,'- sent to'any address ; In the
United State« or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT * OFFICES.
A— ORPHEUM /; Employment, Office— Japanese
and Chinese : help. Remuvjsd; to 505 Sutter
• st.; phone Main 5752. : V ."*..'. ; : - ,- >.
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese .Employment Office
\u25a0\u25a0'- promptly- furnishes all kinds •of • reliable help.
George Sakauye, 421 : Post »t.:- tel. Bush 135.
STAR Employment-. Office— Reliable .'Japanese
and Chinese help 'furnished 1 with .care.v W.
KADOTA. 400 Powell st. ; te). Main 1751.' r.
UP-TO-DATE < Japanese-Chinese" ?; emp. office
furnishes reliable, help of all kinds 'promptly.
H. KIODA.- 405 Post at.: tel. 'James 501..
A— JAPANESE : and ! Chinese fhelp.' :WM.
TOSH V, \u25a0 415 Stockton \ st: ; : tel. - Bush 859. i
AN : old • estab.' (1850) : - Chinese ;emp.v : office; -. C.
..CHONG'S, removed- to 618 Pine ;tel. Grant 156.:
Finest Japanese i help; '. housecleaning- specialty ;
Geo..R.:Kunlabe.' 343 Mason;- tel. James 5251.
H :W. '1 HONG, \u25a0 1113 '\u25a0 Clay ; st. ; \u25a0 Chinese employ-
roent ; office; , best ' help. \u25a0' \u25a0: Tel. ; East > 426. s ; ; \u25a0•\u25a04
CHINESE I and Japanese i help ; \u25a0 estab. " 20 years."'
Tel. Main 1997.. BRADLEY & CO.; 640 Clay.
JAPANESE, ; Chines* help -of all kinds '. furnish-
v ed ; $ fcousecleaning. i 708 .Taylor; • James ; 7636.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese :Employment Of-
tn flee; ; all kinds : help, i 315 Stockton." 5 Main SIBS.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEO--PBMALB^
YOUNG girt \u25a0 Juet arrived • f rom . Ireland deslrea
_ Bituation 'as * chambermaid and waitress; : in-
experienced ; : first-claaa : stitcher; city or coun-
try... Address L-- R..-. 753 . Howard . st. : ...
COMPETENT i German * woman wants washing
t a nfi v ironinir ;by -' da> v .' \u25a0> 1203 .-.Vallejo st. ; no
s postals.;. ,v ;>V ' -^v.' .... ;•;.\u25a0; -': \u25a0•\u25a0 ',". : "., -' ..
FIRST-CLASS laundress- wenls day work. Call
.72 -Erie st.. between; Thirteenth* and Four-
teenth. ; clt Howard. . ;-:--- -~- '>\u25a0"• \u25a0
WANTED— Situation as - cook and helper In
hotel; ' boarding-house camp. • HENBRY
VOGEL end wife. 731, F0150m st;"-'
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wanta ,a . few more
engagements \u25a0by \u25a0 the day;" $1 a'day and car
fare.. 80x. 4645. > Call. \u25a0 \u25a0:- '.;".,% -\u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0--\u25a0 \u25a0"•
FIRST-CLABS Swedish ! cook wanta position In
\u25a0* city; 'wages $3.1. -209 Kearny st.. .room 5. ;
EDUCATED German lady wishes a position in
nrst-clasa family for, upstairs -.work and »ew-
'•* ing; has; best- references, and- long years of
experience. , Box 4«IS. Call. ~ .\u25a0'-."; : V
A SALESLADY- would like position in mer- !
chandise ' business; - 12 '\u25a0'- years' experience;
speaks .English and . German. Address, by
letter, R. M. t > 1646 -Bush at.
A LADY- of experience and j reflnement wishes
position managing housekeeper of room-
Ing or apartment^ house refer-
ences.- Box 4606, Call office. .-
A COMPETENT German . girl wishes to do
cooking and -light housework', in a : Jewish
family; '.wages $30. Call 35 Washington aye.,
between, Ninth and Tenth ata.; no postals.
A NEAT woman wishes. to go out; small wash-
ing and :\u25a0 house-cleaning \u25a0by the; day. 308
Van Ness aye. •\u25a0•<„ : .'. .\u25a0'.\u25a0\u25a0-,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
A rYOUNG woman with a cnlld's years wishes
place as housekeeper; best 'references. Box
6155, . Call offlce, : Oakland.
YOUNG 'woman' wishes position a» j ohamber-
: maid or. working housekeeper in small lodg-
ing-house or transient house.' Box 4601, Call.
A» RESPECTABLE woman wants position for
general ; housework , and cooking- a small
family; no postals." Call at 2503^ Bush st.
A NEAT, woman would like. to do plain cook-
ing; and. some .housework In small family;
wages $30. Box ,'4(«J2, Call . offlce. •
GIRL would like to pose in exchange for in-
struction In drawing: age 20: height 5 feet
. 5 inches. Box 3823, Call offlce. v
AN experienced woman desires permanent car*
of invalid; references. Box : 3851. Call.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeep-
er. Call at 152 Perry st. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
COLORED - woman wants position for house-
work. Box 2503. Call office.- \u25a0
JAPANESE girl wants situation to do house-
\u25a0 work or .'cooking. Address 1225 Fulton St.:
phone Fell L'tis4. \u25a0' \u25a0 : .-. ' - .'\u25a0\u25a0' " v . -.''•'
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
. of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1003 Market st:. oppoalte Fifth.
Open until 11 p.' m. " \u25a0\u25a0 ,'
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
J^^T^CLASS^arber wants steady Job north
of Market St.. In walking distance of Fourth
and Mission, to start Monday morning. Box
4K43, Call office. • \u25a0- . _M
ANY employment br competent porter, packer
or handy man with tools ;. generally useful;
hotel,' building "or t private i work. ' ".Box 4647,
Call office. -\u25a0 ' • V - \
MAN with a small family wants position on a
ranch ; capable of handling \u25a0 fruit, j etock or
hay. Address 551 at., S. F.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady Job. ia
wholesale 'district only, to"- start Monday
morning. Box 4tt42. Call office. -
COMPETENT middle-aged couple want chick-
en ranch to care for. /Address J. R. TAY-
LOR, 1200 Treat aye. .''-\u25a0\u25a0
A HIGH echool student wants a position for
Saturdays. Address 3177 Twenty-fourth at.
WANTED— An elderly: man now employed a*
' watchman in a family hotel is desirous oil
making a change .and accept a almllar po-
sition in. hotel; apartment • house or offlce
building;" references as to sobriety and re-
"\u25a0 liability. Address Box 1447 Call.
YOUNG man wishes to get a Job as interpreter
in Italian, French. ' German and , Spanish, or
: as valet for travelers through Europe for ex-
planation of everything in all. large cities In
Europe. '.Box 4629, Call. . -y -
SITUATION wanted . by; an exp*rt machinist
and adjuster of stitching machines;: have also
had .experience operating all' kinds of ma-
chines on leather work; 5 years' . experience
In- San Francisco. '• Box 3805. Call.'-*.-
AN absolutely honest, sober.. Industrious young
man wants position; private .place; under-
stands driving, care of horses. 1 garden, lawn,
milk." can paint and do - any repairs needed
around a .place. Box 4863, Call. '
COOK (first class) with best of references de-
sires position either in boarding-house or in
mining camp; Is strictly reliable. Address
318.' James Flood building. . '\u25a0:,><.:-
YOUNG man,- 36, flrst-class chauffeur and atv
tomoblle man. understands- all .cars, wishes
car to run and take care of; will -work rea-
sonable. JONES.- Milton House, 156 Third st.
YOUNG man. aged 24, with 3 years'. experienc»
in the hardwari business, wish's position
filling orders or selling goods; c ty or coun-
try ; best'Qf references. Box 3803,. Ca11.
YOUNG married man- wishes position of any
kind; understands care of : horses; experi-
enced driver; thoroughly reliable.' Box 4615
Call office. ' \u25a0 ' . -"-
TWO bright Filipino 'young . men : desire po-
sitions aa pcrters in hotel or stor?; axe faith-
ful and have' good- references. -Apply room
318 James Flood bldg. . \
WANTED — Situation; head -gardener in all
branches; flrst-class references; able to han-
dle men; take charge, of gentleman's place;
sober, mlddle-ago\ . single. \u25a0 Box 3795. Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber, wants Job every evening
and Sunday or Wednesday evening. • Saturday
•venlng and Sunday morning. -J: SMIDT,
n23">3 'Mission, at. , ' -. •-,:;\u25a0
EXPERT, accountant : wanta \u25a0 small " set books
for firms or persons' to keep; 'evenings or
Sundays; terms 9 low; ' Interview requested.
Box 3559. Call. \u25a0. • - .. \u25a0....- . v
POSITION wanted \u25a0 by. respectable old gentle-
man as bartender In country.- hotel or road-
house ;, sober, steadyand reliable;: wages no
object: good references.- Box STflli Call.
DENTIST: flrst-class 'man,' wants ' situation;
state wages. . Address H. C. STUART, D.
D. 5..4«« Central aye.. .Alameda. - :
FIRST-CLASS young -man rteelres steady posi-
tion as barber, to. start: Monday": Box 4622,
Call offlce. . ....
STEADY, reliable young' man; .wfthi good ref-
erences, desires 'outdoor H work. :to care for
lawn- or garden, j etc. r Box 1 3847, 'Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work to milk and
care for horses and garden." 'Box. 4692. Call.
TYPESETTER wants a poßition'in city or
country; good : references. ,-; Box .4014, Call.
WANTED— Situation;" steam - fireman; coal or
. :\u25a0• oil. Apply, 141 0 , Kentucky, st. -.. \u25a0: : V > \u25a0 -T-v'
GOOD cook."- clean,": sober ''and 'steady, wlahes
situation. .Box 3R42, -Call office: ; . .
JAPANESE couple. "want- positions aa gardener
and . cook; can milk • cow- and -take.: care .of
htiree." ;F. SAITE, -908 Telegraph aye.. Oak-
";iand. :'. . - :--.- --\u0084- \u25a0;. *\u25a0\u25a0.:',"\u25a0"-.: -v '.:-. fi. :.\u25a0/-..\u25a0 -\-\ .-'\u25a0•--
A VERY honest Japanese schoolboy.: good Eng-
lish-speaker and cook, -desires a-place; have
some - . J. ' N AKAG AW A,"
1329; Pine st.; Japanes* Mission.-: :".
JAPANESE,- honest boy, wants school-boy po-
; sltion housework. :33?9. Sacrament . gt.," T.
,- NAKAMURA. s . -' : . .. .. : -_: : :'. :: - ".
JAPANESE, good, plain cook : and' housework;
city or "country.- GEORGE, -703 Larkin st.
' Tel - 8770. */-.*.".•--:-- •-".\u25a0'•:--.' ; /- '\u25a0-'.-'• .
JAPANESE : fIrst-class cook wants ,; position : in
family; 1 clty.V tR.^USHIO. V 451 , Jessie st. ;
'i- phone * South 1161 .. : \u0084 -;;-; •\u25a0-",.;' : \u25a0 V.v-.
GOOD * Japanese % . echool -:boy '• wants \u25a0 position;
housework. \u0084\u25a0!.* HONGO.'.22O2;FHlmore st. "\u25a0".,-
FIRST-CLASS /Chinene^ cook': wants to work
', for good • family ;; good , recommendation.', Ad-
61P,.Tack»on iRt.. -;S. ;-F. -->c , \ -
JAPANESE -wants -position I as -school "boy;
speaks", well. :' : FRANK. 807 -.Polk,' st. )':-.,''\u25a0 .
CHINESE would?llke position! as, cook In prt-
.-',: vate: family, ;-• 1005 ; Stockton Jst. , V-
CHINESE -,boy; . first-class . family; cook, wants
' position! : - 822 '' Duponf st. • ;\u25a0 . '. -.':\u25a0' "- :\u25a0 '
FURNITURE WAXTED.
A— PHONE South': 101 5 ; ' It (will ' pay you to-aend
" • for •me \u25a0 before i you sell -your - furniture, 5 car-
'l>eta. : piano,. etc> M; GALLICK.; 2OI , LarkIn.
MARK J.'r LEVY* AUCTIONS CO.;T.I32I- Market
v < et.,;: bet." 9th - and \u25a0 10th, 5 paying " big money for
1 - lurnjtur«,~ etc. :;: Phono; South ;179. ,
Alfred ' Wollpert.',' 773 ; Mission, : phone. ' Red * 4462, C
: pays > highest price- for \u25a0 furniture,*? carpets.*! eto. -
HENRY *MA YER ; pays highest 1 prices \u25a0 for fur- :
: nlture, * carpets'. : etc.- 752 Mission; tel Bush 813
Z. ABE LEV Yf, 1185 ; Market i St.*. phon* Jesslt
761.'. pays caah arid 'buys everything.'
. .-^ FUn^ITUnEI FOR^ SALE. C : '[. : ' "
ALMOST: given away ; ' unredeemed : storaga * pi-" ;
?.$, anoa and fur.' Whitehead's Storage^ 1636 Mkt.
_"''\u25a0" " FJLATB TO LET.. - -\u25a0 "
. - : "-.%-.- \u25a0 AAAA' \u25a0:\u25a0"*:-;,:/.'-\u25a0'.\u25a0
: Every 'desirable vacant dwelling- Is listed' ln
our rentins: department. Combined lists from
25 of the : largest agencies. Save . a " world .- of
time • and : trouble. •.., \u25a0 ' . • :. \u0084
. Service is absolutely free. \u25a0 \u25a0
-You are not asked to buy or even look at fur-
niture. ."Welcome! " ~; \u25a0•"\u25a0.\u25a0- -'\u25a0'<\u25a0 ••"-."
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY, 3S
1039 Market gt., oppoglte McAllister.
A A A— COMPLETED LIST OF : HOUSES,
FLATS, apartment and rooming-houses ;"." our
' renting department is free to all; wecan-flnd
you a home. in any part of the city: ask for
no payment other than your good will; we do
not ask you to buy or even look at the goods;
use this department freely; you" ar* mor*
than welcome. . . -' V '.*"j\ ? ;
CORDES FURNITURE CO., 245-269 Geary
st. (on the - square). .". -.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0'•'•'\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0' \u25a0
5 ROOMS, bath and wash cubs each. IIS-US'ji
: Perry, near Third - and Harrison; 39-41-43
-Langton, 4 and 5 rooms, bath and wash tubs,
new. clean and convenient: '711^ Harrison, i
rooms: 657 Jessie; near Seventh. 6 rooms.
AN elegantly furnished 8-room flat; McAllister,
near Steiner: for permission to Inspect same
call : at - offlce. D. "W. CARMICHAEL C 0.,"
,232 Montgomery at., 2843 Mission st.
HALF month's rent free ; come and - see those
beautiful* flats, \4 - rooms and :bath, $20; 'only
' two left. 2736 to 2756 Franklin st. : marine
i View.-. . -;.\u25a0.'*..:.: \u25a0 .^ -.\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0',\u25a0.-. ! :\u25a0\u25a0 '
FULTON, J29.- upper flat— 6 rooms, $30;- lower
flat. 6 rooms. $27 50; modern; half month
:_ free rent. \u25a0 . .\u25a0•\u25a0.-\u25a0.,
BRODERICK, 143, near Haight— Modern B-
room flat;. marble steps, beam ceilings, elec-
tric lights, _ etc. ; csyl cars; rent reasonable. 1
TWENTY-FIFTH. 3478. near Valencia— 4
rooma and bath, $16; private entrance; an :
upper sunny flat. .
HAIGHT, 432-434, betw. Webster and Fillmore,
2 sunny mod. flats; 6-7 rms. ; reas; open 11-4. !
PERRY. 254, near Fifth and Harrison— Four-
room flats, $12 month. . ,
MODERN flat, 5, rooms, bath; light," sunny;
$22 50. 275 Fourteenth St.. near. Mission.
MODERN flat. s 'rooms, bath; light, sunny;
- $20. ; 3825 Twenty-fourth st., near Church.
MISSION. 1910 — New building, store and flat;
suitable for doctor or dentist; rent reasonable.
VAN NESS aye., 220—5 sunny rooms, $35; and
8 rooms, $50; water free. \u25a0 . y - -
$25— UPPER flat, 7 rooms and bath. \u25a0 1175 Mc-
Allister st. corner. Fillmore. ;\u25a0 \u25a0
$15— TOWNSEND. 240, opp. S. P. R. R. depot;
4 rooms and bath. - -
6 ROOMS: all.'modern improvements;- rent
$15 50. 26078 Post st.
$17 — CORNER upper flat, 5 aunny rooms and
bath; tinted. 3336 Twenty-sixth at.; nr. Capp.
$1-' 50^ — SUNNY 4. rooms. 68- Ivy aye., near
Van Sens aye. and Hayes at.- -, : '\u25a0 =
BEAUTIFUL location; Hayes and Stanyan; G.
G. Park; 4 r. flats, $25; new; ready this wk.
HAIGHT, 1061, near Baker— Nice sunny 6-
. room flat, facing Buena Vista aye. and park.
GROVE, 716 VS — A flne sunny , flat; T rooms,
bath; key at 715 Grove st. ' • .•\u25a0
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED. .
SUNNY flat of 4 rooms: rent reasonable to re-
sponalble party. 1976 Ellis at., 10-12. 2-4.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED. ','
NEWLY furnished, sunny, upper. 7-room -flat;
will sell or rent cheap. Box 3759,' Ca1l offlce.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS cook! no washing . .V.V. . ... .$4O
2 hospital cooks, no bread to bake:. ..s3s-S4O
2 cooks., American families, no,wash..s3<>-$35
5 cooks, German families ...'..'. ..$30 : 535
I-aundresv, family- w0rk. . . .. J.%....".*."..".530
2 lroners, country laundry. .'.*.:.-;. .......$35
Upstairs gill, no 5ewing.........'... *25
2 parlor maids, city - .v.s3o. v .$30
Kitchen helper .....".:.....:. .$25
Cook, 4 men, on ranch .................. $25
Cook and second girl, same house. ...$3O-$25
2 nurstjgirls, city .....: ..$l5-$2O
Woman, with a child, for country.-, $20
Chambermaid, country ....%..'.. $25
Housework, \u25a0 Sausallto, $30; Rosa Valley. .$3O
Lady's maid, some sewing. ....".".....'... .$3O
Housework, no washing, Napa. .. ': ."-. .-. . .$25
A large number of general housework
girls, city and country, too many to adver-
tise. Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO., 834-
Sutter at. , - . ;\u25a0':\u25a0•
GIRLS to learn hairdressing, manicuring,- mas-
sage, etc., from A to Z, in 1 month for $8 to
those entering now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
; teed at $10 per week up: day . and I evening
class. 234 Post st...room 17, second floor." .
WANTED— GirIs to learn millinery for fall; 2
seasons from start to finish In- 1 mo. for $15:
positions guaranteed $12 per week up: learn
now for fall positions. 234 Post, r. 16.: 2d flr.
LEARN hairdresaing, facial massage,* manicur-
ing, scalp treatment, hair work.removal euper-
fluoua hair; day, eve. classes; positions wait-
ing ;$lO week up. 210 Powell. . r. 2-3, 2d floor.
SEWING machine operators on shirts; clean,
light factory; steady work: Inexperienced
young women taught and paid while learn-
ing. LEVI. STRAUSS * CO., : 1873 Mission
St., bet. 14th and 15th. MR. HINDSHAW.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS; NO EXPERIENCE - NECESSARY;
GOOD PAY; STEADY WORK. LEVI
STRAUSS A CO.. 32>i FREMONT ST. MR.
DAVIS. ;- .-, \u25a0;•."\u25a0"\u25a0-. ""'-..
CIGARETTE makers wanted; high wages paid;
learners taken. JOHN BOLLM AN CO., 697
- Front st. \u25a0 -- • .
WANTED — All salesmen and ?alesladles seek-
ing positions are requested.- to call at the
Retail Clerk: Headquarters and Employment
Bureau. il4B Market St.. near Sixth, between
.12 and 2 or. 5 and 6 p. m. ' . . .. .-, -
GIRL operator for numbering- * machine for
bindery; also girl for : ruling machine. ' : Mu-
tual L.J& L. Co., Second and- Bryant; sts.,
Bryant-st. entrance. ; . .
YOUNG Danish or Swedish girl for plain cook-
Ing and very light wash; short distance In
" country. $30.. Apply mornings,- 262 Grand
Hotel. 9 toll; Bush 648. : ' '
WANTED In family of 3 adults, ' girl" for cook-
Ing and general housework: nr» heavy work.
Call to-day before - noon, 715- Ashbury ..at.,
above Waller; Haight-st. cars. '
WANTED — Salesladies tn cloak ; and suit de-
partment: must - have experience; > liberal
; wages.'-. PRAOERP,: Market and Jones sts..-
WANTED — Experienced skirt alteration hands.
Apply between 9- and 11 a. ni. at HALE
BROS.' :
GIRL : for - light housework; murt' ba 'good,
plain -cook. • 2623 California St., between; 1
\u25a0•- and sp. m. - , v : : : . „ \u25a0
GIRL about 16 years to work in retail - candy
factory ; no experience necessary. \u25a0 Call \u25a0 to-
day from : 9-12. \ Blum's, Polk . and Sutter.
GIRL for 1 cooking and housework : L wages $25.
\u25a0 T. P. ANDREWS, lftft Montgomery st.
FANCY goods and hosiery saleslady. . Goldman
Dry GoMs Company, j 3061 , Sixteenth at.
GIRL." 14 to 15 years.' to* care "for baby. .221
.- Eighth ft:, ,r«ar. \u0084'. \u25a0 ,- ._\u25a0-,'.. \u25a0.-.,
RLi^IABLE young - girl; light upstairs work
and children;- $2O. 511 Colest.. nr Haight.
"WANTED— Woman to wait table. 1533 Ken-
,, tucky. St. . - -. \u25a0- "\u25a0".:\u25a0.'-\u25a0 ':-:.:-\u25a0 • ; '--'*.-: \u25a0?\u25a0*',. i \u25a0\u25a0• :-'r<~-"
WANTED — Woman cook for restaurant. 1533
:'.-Kentucy..'et.' '-'•.-. -,:\u25a0 • .:'• -.:-. .!- '\u25a0'-'- -
GIRL for. general . housework; Eundayii and eve.
.-: off: ?12 month. : 418 Leavenworth st. \u25a0
WANTED— Good girl for : downstairs : work;
: must be .good plain: cook. :ISI2 Sutter st. -
WOMAN who \u25a0 understands \u25a0 cooking I In , a dell- •
-.; cacy store; no : Sunday, work. ,406 Larkln et.
GIRL about 15 or 16 to tans care of baby and
assist. •'..- 1623 Page st.,- tjetween Ashbury and
:'.; Clayton.vc . \ ';. ...\u25a0'-\u25a0' ' '.: '.- 'VV;."
TWO first-class arm: waitresses ;; good wages:
V: no Sunday - work. -Victor Restaurant. 972
- ; Broadway,'. Oakland. , i" •.":'"' ".\u25a0
NEAT," willing ; Swedish girl ; ; for
1 work in • lamily: 'plain . cooking;.,- plain wash-
ing. S2O. 1216 -Filbert- st.,:^near. Hyde. ;;•/*:
WANTED — Girl to' assist with; general house-
:work;*.: good. -home and -wages,- Apply- 117
-;-.-: .C01e.-'et..'.^- near.' Hayes." '\u25a0"":- ' - ' - -. ;L; L ".•'-."'.- Vr ;: -."
CIGARETTE! makers wanted at.H. BOIILS A
". CO.'S, r 244 Fremont st. ; ;to ; make '; Kade*
. : cigarettes. -;: .:- ;)\ \u25a0.-.\u25a0..\u25a0•\u25a0:. .>_ - : ;'.. "\u25a0\u25a0'.\u25a0;.
LADIES— We \u25a0 do ehampooirg,* manicuring • and
\u25a0:\u25a0'\u25a0- ; hairdressing > for <10 ~ cents : \u25a0 ; open : evenings ;
:. flrst-class s work.: . 4os .Powell; st.' : ,
FIRST-CLASS • waist 1 and . coat V hands. 1200
•r ; ..-Geary'st.";r^:. -:•»"-.,•:.-.".:'.-.":'.'•*'-.-. ; .' \u25a0' '• \
WANTED— GirI ' for second work ; and ' waltins.
-\u25a0-' \u25a0-.: \u25a0 \u25a0: V \u25a0''\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 : :":.:-.- , „'/-.,
YOUNG? girl: to work, In bakerj'..* Apply 2439
.^California- at. a:; A- V ' ..\u25a0;•- :•\u25a0.>.;.- ;j. ,-
GIRL about ' US to care for baby, .assist * light
i\. hausework;,-; 707 : Sa n; Joae ' ave.,,.near 29th.;-; :-. \
MIDDLE-AGED *. woman J for) housewnrk'; t good
•home;, wages $10 a month.Tls2s:Ellls.st. ~- -..-^
, W A NTED^-I^dy i to Uake \ care "•\u25a0 of t house : 3? In
rS family;: sl2 month 904'O'Farrellist -
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE— Conttoneg
EXPETiIENCED alteration hands on coats and
aklrta. » MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market st. .
WANTED— Operators ,on< ' women's and ' chil-
dren" a ware;. also" home .workers. MAKita
BROS.* :\u25a0 1220 Market st. - •. \u25a0•? *\u25a0
WANTED— Young woman" to learn telephone
operating; • salary while learning: references
-required.. Apply after 9 a. m., 216-.Bush St.,
' third; floor. . .-?: -- \u25a0. .--.-. " .
WANTED— A* young - lady of good appearanea
\- for I reception^ room", of .photo atudlo: must
have knowledge of photo printing. Address,
stating salary expected. - box 3840. Call.
WOMEN to learn hairdressing. manicuring and
massaging; only takes four weeks; special
terms to next 10 students: evening class from
- -.7. 0t'0.-'-Moler- System College. 403 Powell at.
GERMAN girl for delicacy store; Sundays and
-evenings off. , ST-S9 Union Square Market.
GOOD finisher wanted/on 1 custom coa'a; steady
•work; good pay. 800 Mission st., fourth floor.
BARBERS— Employment and ' Supplies.
5000— 3-CHAIR barber shop for sale; near city;
hydraulic chairs; cheap rent; choice location;
fixtures first- class; -good - business; rare op-
portunity ' seldom... offered. COLEMAN, 311.
James Flood building. \u25a0 - v y
|50o — FIRST-CLASS 3-chair barber ahop for
\u25a0 Bale;: well furnished; cheap rent; busy street
•nr. Market: doing -good business; to b« aold
sacrlflce. COLEMAN, 311 James Flood bldg.
BEST 2-cha!r shop In Alameda, with cigar
stand that paya expenses of ahop; reasonable;
leaae. 1544 Park St.. Alameda.
WANTED— A good ' barber for Saturday and
Sunday at 182 Pacific at.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. SOS
Third at. - '. - - -
"WANTED — Barber with 2 yeara experlenca;
good wa»es. Box 4e44 \u25a0 Call. -
LADY barbers wanted; 3 2-chalr shops for aala,
2 In Fresno. 1 In. city. 309 Sixth st.
FOR sale— Barber shop, 3 chairs; living
rooms; rent Sl2. 1153 Howard at.
HOPLAND barber shop for sale.- JOHN R.
WALKER, proprietor.- \u25a0 -
BARBER shop 2 chairs: living rooms In back.
757~^Brannan at., near Seventh.
HELP - WANTED— MALE.
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY. INC., '
• 635 Washington st. Phone James 3301.
NEW WORK.
: - - FREE FARE.
2000 men, laborers, teamsters, steam shovel
. men. fffTSO, free fare, ship to-night.
. .FREE FARE.
Near Oregon, new work. • :
NEW MEXICO.
Coal miners. $3 day. \u25a0 fare refunded.-
Carpenters. near city. $3 00; carpenters.
' mine, "$3 50; ' carpenters, • lumber co.. $4.
S. rough carpenters, lumber company, ' J9o.
Single hand mlners,9 hours, $2 and found.
Miners,"- Oregon, $2 75. . r. \u25a0\u25a0 • . '
Santa Cru*. winter's Job. laborers, $60.
Sanßenlto County, -.laborers, $40 and found.
\u25a0 - Brakemen, lumber company, . $70, trackmen
and soikers. $2 25; 2 cooks' helpers, lum-
ber company. $40 found.. \u0084
Second loader,', sso 'and -found,-' part free faro.
Oregon mill • and • woods. S2 to $4; 6 furni-
ture, cabinet makers, city,' $2 60. . . .
ARE. YOU LOOKING FOR WORK!
Then \u25a0 Join the Independent Workmen of America
' j Why should you Join? \u25a0 \u25a0
' Because it is a .workingmen's corporation,
and the main object of thla corporation Is to
I create a better feeling between employer and
employe, to maintain a house where men and
women of good character can secure the -best
positions obtainable. . We will open up larger
headquarteis shortly, wnere members can
enjoy.-home benefits.
•Preparations are now being mada. for large
home in country, where "members can acquire
. vacations. ... - " ' - * . ••
For further particulars write or call room
313, James Flood building. . ' - - \u25a0
AT'HORD &~SMITH'S. 628 Clay at.
Telephone Main 5521.-^t
Nevada to-day: free fare;. laborers. \ -
?anta Cruz:. teamsters and laborers.
Pick and shovelinen; $2 23;, ship 10 o'clock.
Laborers $2 25, ' and muckers $2 50; fare 60c.
Bridge carpenters; R. R. Co.; free fare 3 25.
$3 2j>; -bridge .carpenters; go out to-day.
Cart gang. foreman; $3: company work.
200 laborers, $1 75 to $2 50; different -Jobs.
100 teamsters,, $2 to $2 00; all over.
WINDOW dretser^ arui aalesmah. $100; laun-
dryman and wife, $50 and found; carpenters,
$1 day: rough carpenters. $2 BO day; miners.
$2 25 day: laborers, $2 and $2 25 day; team-
ster,* $2 25 dayi 2 roof > repairers; leverman
for ditches, $70 and- board: 'farmers, milkers
and others." J. .F.'CROSETT * CO.. 62S Sac-
ramento gt. ."."•-':.'-\u25a0 .
COOK and wife laundress, $90; cook, country
boarding-house, $40; butler. $50, and others.
J.F. CROSETT. &.CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
A— i * '-AMERICAN
•- - 1 -• \u25a0 ' .EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642. COMMERCIAL ST. PHONE BUSH 833.
3 CARPENTERS, near -city,. $350.
2 carpenters, company work. - $3 50.
10 rotsgh" carpenters, north," $105.
BLACKSMITH. DREDGER. *50 found.
2 LATHBRS $3 M; 2 machine men. FREB
FARE both ways; 2 CALKERS, dredge work.
$5 -day, and found; -thousands of laborers,
teamsters,'" etc." C:us. " " . ,
ANDRE'S Offlce, 817 Stockton rt.
Coachman • and -do chores, $30; gardener,
country place. $35 to $40; boy to help In
pantry, etc., 'family, ?25" and found: waiter,
oyster, house. $35; short-order cook. $10 1 a
week; man handy to. repair furniture, hotel,
$25 and found; dishwasher, hotel, near city,
$20; plain boardlng-houge cook,' s3s; etc..
WANTED — Young I man ' of j experience to sell
juvenile furnishing ' goods. Apply S. N.
WOOD& CO.. 740 Market st. -
W^ANTED I—Salesmen1 — Salesmen of experience to sell Juve-
nile furnishing • goods.. Apply S. N. WOOD
& CO.. 740^ Market .st. \u25a0
WANTED— Experienced .: pants tperators by
S. N. WOOD & CO. Apply factory. 49 Geary.
WANTED 1 for U..5.. army— Able-bodied, un-
married men, between ages of 21 and 35;
• citizens of ..United States, of good - character
and , temperate habits, who can speak, read
and write • English. For Information apply
to Recruitinz Officer, 204 . Rialto building,
New . Montgomery. »t.. San . Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— 23 domestic salssmen. Apply 8:30
this morning. PRAGERSr Market and Jones.
WANTED— Stock boy for cloak and suit de- i
partment. , PRAGEM, Market, and . Jones.
WANTED— A brass finisher and latha hand.
f Apply at "once to JOHNSON-JEFFREY CO..
. 460 Sixth st, -Oakland. :
BAKER for the country: good on bread: night
. 'work:*. $18" a week; dishwasher for country.
.$20,. board and room. ..318 James Flood bldg.
WANTED— A" blacksmith . to *do repairing and
horseshoeing. Fourteenth aye. and N st.
South." - • ". \u25a0\u25a0""\u25a0> - , * ;
COATMAKERS, pants . and vestmakers - . for
country; , REISS BROS A CO.. 24 Sutt«r at.
WANTED — Good Jeweler: steady to right man.
LACROIX A ALKALAT. 8 Hardle place.
A- STRONG boy. BANNAN*S. 807 Montgom-
\u25a0-ery-tt.". -.' '.--"*\u25a0 : .v--'' -.-•:' \u25a0 ....\u25a0
WANTED — 25 ". m»le :. chorus sineers. Grand
; Opera-house. - stage door. Jesaie St.. 10 a. m.
BQY In a grocery. 1105 Foleom st.
WANTED— CIean, experienced lunchmaa for
restaurant; $40. '111. LArkln: st.
BARBER wanted Saturday afternoon and Bun-
day. 484 Turk,st. ; -y
WANTBD— First-class cleaning^ man for dy«
workg; good pay; steady Job. 1629 QroT* st.
BOOTBLACK wanted.' 205 Soott St., nsar
Halght. . '
BOY. to learn carriage painting at 1168 \\\m-
slon St.- ; '. -.-"-.; •":\u25a0 .'s- - '--
WANTED — Coatmakers, . sklrtmaken. waist-
makers -and , sleevemakers: high wage« paid
"to.- competent 'work'nt. - TERRILL. 83S-340
- South Hilt »t.. Los Angeles.
MEN. learn- the -barber trade'ln-8 weeks; tui-
tion earned J while learnins; situations g»»ar-
anteed:- only: up-to-date colleges -in America.
MOLER'S SYSTEM COLLEGE. ftt4 Clay st.
WANTED — Experienced \u25a0 dress . goods salesman.
";-. -Apply -between ; -9 andr.ll a. -m., at HALE
. BROS.'..- '..*\u25a0 s->x .-,•.\u25a0,'".;-•;;
BOOT BLACK.. Saratoga Baths.. Park aye.. near
;V ITollis st.. Rose.'s' nsw, building, '.Emeryville
near : racetrack. \u25a0• .... .
WANTED— Party, to ; sell : dividend-paying In-
dustrial, stock;. -must give unquestioned refer-
ences. full name and address. Box 3550. Call.
YOI^NG \u25a0 ";. man \u25a0; for, stenographer.: and , general
> . office :work: experience ; in lumber . business
: \u25a0: preferred. ? Apply.' 2o4 Front' str.: room .7.v
.WANTEDr^-Drees •- goods ; man I for . department
store ; ,' state i age i and . experience, \u25a0 also salary
expected.*-; Apply b0x ; 4635,; Call \u25a0 office. " _ . ,
MEN.v and * women;: to i learn \ the \u25a0. barber '.trads;
: special offers to ,next fire; ' n*w -method." San
.Francisco ' College.. 741 A'; Howard 'st. .» • \
;WANT^:D^-F!rst-cla«s T . Jeweler aad - diamond
. mounter : ' must -r furnish - b*st v'of • references
:_': Bos* .*W4!>, -irall. 'Si' Vf.'f-JV .;' 1 ; * .-v; "'
WANTKT>— Brlght.:c]»anefflce boy. Apply eu -
•, perintendent's 'of flee," Th* Emporium.
HELP WANTED — MALE — Co nttnaed.
A— MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay tt.
Phone Main 3£48.
Our Own Printing
Plant Issues our free list of position* toot
times daily — 7 a. m.. 10 a. tn.,
1 p. m.. J p. tn.
EMPLOYERS, ATTENTION!
OUR INVESTIGATION AND SEGREGA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OB*
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
'. IF YOU WANT
THE BEST HELP. DO AS OTHERS DO-
SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY A READY. 634-63* Clay st
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Phon» Main 554&
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THB
RIGHT OF MAN TO. WORK.
W« gava In 1004 «-- 1005 we. hope ta
- 64,000 men work. Increase 64,000.
CA3T YOUR
EYE ON THIS
ONE THOUSAND MEN
1000 "MEN
ONE THOUSAND MEN;
FOR THE
NEW RAILROAD.
BIG WAGES.
3 YEARS* WORK.
SOUTH.
ARE TOU GOINO SOUTH?
DRIL£,ER9. HAMMERMEN.
ROCKMEN, ETC.
$75 MONTH.
"LABORERS AND MUCKERS.
$67 50 MONTH.
2 TOOL SHARPENERS. $90.
BOARD. ETC.. ?2O MONTH.
ALL OPEN CUT WORK.
GOODS SOLD FROM II
COMMISSARY AT COST. >*
SPECIAL R. R. FARE.
|2 40
- BEAUTIFUL SOUTHERN
CLIMATE. NO LOST
TIME.
OFFICE FEE ?1.
MURRAY tc READY.
634-«36 Clay st.
LOS ANGELES. ?5 FARE.
CATALINA ISLAND. *3 FARE.
NEWPORT BEACH. $5 FARE.
SANTA MONICA. $5 FARE.
PASADENA. $5 FARE.
LONG ISLAND. $5 FARE.
POMONA. $5 FARE.
BEAUTIFUL REDLANDS. 85 FARE.
Wher« the Orange and Lemon grow. an 4
Flowers blcom th* year round, and man
can
WORK EVERY DAY IN
THE LAND OF SUNSHINE.
NOW— NOW— XOW.
12 brldgs carpenters. $90.
25 two-horse teamsters. $67 30.
95 laborers. $67 50.
65 hammermen and drlllars. 175.
93 muckers. $67 50.
43 miners. $90.
And hundreds of othsr positions. 810
WAGES.
GREAT CROWD GOING. ARB YOT7?
MURRAY A READY.
634-636 CLAY ST.
OREGON— FREK FARE.
, 65 COAL MINERS,
fl TON— ARE YOU GOINO?
COAL MINERS.
MEXICO. MEXICO.
250 Coal Miners.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay »t.
AMERICAN FACTORY.
IN AND OUTSIDE!
STEADY JOBS.
MANAGER HE.RE.
65 LABORERS.
And men to do different clam «f \u25a0»*•' B
you'll suit. -<->
$60 MONTH.
FARE $1.
MURRAY A READY. 634-888 Clay ft.
TO SAWMILL WOODS.
65 LABORERS. $67 50.
FARE $3.
Real estate and development syndicate; fr««
far».
25 laborers, you'll suit, office fe* $1. $80.
65 TIEMAKERS — SEE US.
MILLMEN AND AMALGAMATORS. $90.
FREE FARE.
QUARRIES AND TUNNELS."
25 laborers, no experience, ship to-day. 11 :3 a
a. m.. • $80.
16 drillers ship to-day, 11:30 a. m.. $67 50.
18 header men. ship to-day. 10 a. m., 3 and
5 p. m.. $67 50.
12 laborers big new quarry. $67 SO.
15 laborers around steam shovel. $6T 30.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
863 laborers and teamsters, different Job*.
same >n San Francisco. $2, $2 25. $2 50
day; come see -us.
FARMS. ORCHARDS. ETC.
General ranch hands. $30 $35. $40 found. "
CHORE MEN AND BOYS.
Men and boys for chores. $15, $20. $35, $-"58
and found.
DAIRYMEN. ' .
Milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30. $35.
$40 and found.
! FREE TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
335 laborers, fare paid, you'll suit, $33, $10.
$45 and four.d.
STABLEMEN.
Stablemen, different Jobs, $35 and foond to
$60. $70.
18 boys for different trades. $4. $5, $8 week.
555 LABORERS, $60.
BUILD NEW RAILROAD. •
FBKI) FARE.
GREAT LUMBER COMPANY.
25 laborers, northeast. $67 60.
52 laborers, gra.de railroad. N. E., $6T 30.
MURRAY A READY. 634-638 Clay st.
HOTEX. DEPARTMENT, ETC. - , k.
COOKS. . COOKS. COOKS. " \u25a0* -'M.
Cooks, different daces, $30» $73. $50. $35
and found.
"WAITERS. WAITERS. WAITERS.
Walters, different olaces, $49, $40. $30, $25
found.
DISHWASHERS. PORTERS. BEDMAKER3.
SO waiters, different places, $35. $30, $25,
$20 and found.
LAUNDRYMEN — BELLBOYS,
Laundrymen. all classes, $3. $2.30. $2 day.
Bell and elevator boys, different Job*.
. BUTCHERS AND BAKERS.
Butcher, elaughter-house work, $»0 found.
Bakers helpers. $75, $60. $30, $»3, $33, $4»,
$25 and found.
BUTCHERS.
Butcher,- shop and wagon, fare $t 60. $33 ti.
Bo- cut meat, city market. $30 found.
Porter. learn tend bar. $5 week.
Sausage-maker. $40 found: south.
Slaughter butcher, $45 found; south.
6 BOOTBLACKS. $8 50 WEEK.
Middle-aged man. institution. $30 found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL.
6 young men or boys, learn aasa and door
trade. $1 25 day.
B* water rubbers and polish furniture, city.
$2 dar.
MURRAY tt READY. 634-636 Clay st.
4 UPHOLSTERERS, fare 20. $3 and $2 day.
Wagon-maker, wood-turner, city, $3 80 day.
i Lime-burner, fare $1. $2 50- to $3 day.
3 PLUMBERS. $4 DAY.
8 cabinet makers, : 6 Jblanket weave**
Machine hand, rip saw. $2 23 day.
• & sticker hands, mill. $3 50 day.
6 BLACKSMITHS. $3 DAT. T
. 5 BRICKLAYERS, $5 DA?.
Machine sticker hands, $3 day.
Turner, band sawyer, faro $2. $3 50 dar.
CARRIAGE PAINTER. $3 DAY.
Brush hands, varnishing, $2 to $3 day.
: fi tinsmiths, city work, $2 to $3 day.
Furniture and cabinet maker, city. $3 SOdajJ^,
MILLWRIGHTS. 4
12 ibct* millwright-.' lumber Co., $103 fsund.
FREE FARE.
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS.
SS oarpentersv constructton work, large mis*.
corporation, «i>eclal far* $1. $97 50.
General manager at our offlo».
13 rough carpenters, larsra lumber co.. $*K>.
10 oarsenters. plain - houae. shed, barn and
other work, corporation dotnx their own
work, far* $1 30. steady Job. $106 month.
12 • carpenters, special new Job, \u25a0 construct lea
bunkhouses. trusses, etc. tare ft 25. $103
month. .
6 carpenters, hous# R. R. work, free far*, $90.
8 rough carpenters, city Job, $90.
Rough carpenter, fare 10c. steady Job. $73 M.
Carpenter, \u25a0do shingling, city, $3 M.
Carpenter, run Job, concrete) bridge, fare, 500.
$4 day. ,
Carpenter, finish work, city, prtvßt*. $4 day.
15 carpenters. .build clubhouse, $4 day.
CARPENTERS.
25 carpenters, house work, far* $1, itaad-y
Job. $3 50 day.
12 carpenters, tp«c!al Jobs, special far* $2,
$3 50 day.
15 CALKERS. WOOD SHIPS. $3 DAY.
15 CALKERS. FREE FARE.
MURRAY A READY. gi4-6.tfi Clay tt.
BOX FACTORY.
68 young men, you'll do. $2 day.
. MURRAY & READY. 63-t-639 Clay at. _
4 MEN and wives, ranches. £10 to $60 found.
\u25a0 MURRAY A READY. 634-836 Clay »?-
SHASTA. SHASTA. FEB ft.
FREE FARE.
555 laborers and teamsters. $60 and ?57 50.
MURRAY A READY. 634-633 Cay st.
TOOL -sharpener. R. R, camp. $90."'
Machine blacksmith. Iron foundry, country.
$3 50 day. . -
Boy . work tn printing office. . $1 day. \u25a0
Boy drivo 1 horse, light city team. $1 day.
Choreman and wif«..far* $1. ranch. $4f> WU"j
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay *%gk
2 PAINTERS, house- work, bosa hsr» 9 a in..
-'$B. day.- \u25a0"-\u25a0-_ \u25a0\u25a0> •":\u25a0\u25a0•-;
«?;.-•: 'JL \\ -\u0084 EXTRA SPECIALS. -
4 /men.: track work. .R. R..car thopat Vcm
Angeles. r . : ' , .-. ... ; " •
4 carpentert. car repairing, Lc* ft nul—
Bench carpestar, city. .And 'Want Advertisino Can Find Them. Botß, If the Man Is "Ail Ripht"
"i'A.r^WANTWn— .•.iAX.E—CoatJaa-tl.
CABttJKTMAKKR.
uci^T j;n«;ini:kk.
;;-it num. tartars; !*rc ?j \u25a0;.-*. y;s «;»>.
\u25a0r;^n;. r . lai-toiv. cit>. i-lc-Zy jo;.. $2 30
UuTehfT t<ij :nine i>oarding-l:i>ut-e. ?»£> found.
OU i::an. cr.uk. gun club. I>ess here, $2 :\u25a0 id.
Cock. nr>at lunch n:an. city, ?4<i r^und.
MURUAT & I'.KAIiV. 034-C:tS Clay tt.
WAXTKD — A regu'i^r p&JTWicJcn to work in a
strictly legitimate advrrtifing medical in-
stitution; only a moderate monthly salary
will be paM until litnet-e is provCQ by tr:ai.
H"X 4riC.:t. Call.
"WANTED— Laborers a:xi lr.cchaclcs to Know
that Ed Rolkin. Reafl Hoys" proprieto"-. has
added 100 new rooms 10 the Denver House.
21 T Third ft.: 830 room*. 25^ to s:)c per night.
W>NTl4i>— M( n to lr»arn barber trade; new
nutboJ; tOttloa earned while learning: posi-
tion puars.ntecdl after S weeks. GILUM-VN'S
BARKER COLT^KGE. 027 Clay st.
R'ANTED — Cash boys 14 years of ase: apply
between 6 an<3 U <.n Vo-.day. S. N. WOOD
&. <"O Powell ar.4 E!l!« Fts.
V- 'ANTED— X!*n 10 f-'.l 500 rooms Bt 20c rer
rjijrht: clothes ctottt*. hair mat;r.*!-sej. eiec-
tric lipht in tverv rsc.n. OSI H.'.t^ard. nr. Hd.
TWO expert*>Tice.J :ninors for sr.iall property;
standard wrb^s Box 4617, Tail ofnVe.
WANTED — Kxperl'-iic''"! grocery clerk. Apply
<>«r!y, SQij Fscrar;;*nto st.
TAII-ORS mutted on military work. 916 Mar-
ket tt.. rocni 1-2.
DKTECTIVES to >am the business: nmney
jr.adp while leKrr.tns- CO4 Montgomery, r. 2iU.
.M-:LOJ'.S sn(! oriiinsry «fam<"n for all parts of
~::* world at HERMANS. 27 Steuart st.
10.00(1 WORKINGMEN to buy our genuine
«rmy thces: all inspected. 105 Third st.
fcAH.ORS and young men (green hands) for
grips. HALLBERT M 7 Jackson gt.
LABOR deb's collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 43 2d st.. rm. 522.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. t.4(>. Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomai Po?t. G. A. R.
TAtTTKL tiar.ts UOO men to buy Inspected
Ooverr.rrerjt fhoes at fi3l ,?acramonto st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third tt.. nr. Mar-
Xct — 7(>O rooms; 35c night: readinK-rooms.
free bu? *nd ! attat-e to and from ferry.
A BRANCH c«W cf The Call for th« recep-
tion of advertifemer.ts and subscriptions has
bsen opened at :OOS Market «t.. opposite
Fifth. Orjen until 11 d m.
ADVERTISKMENTS. fubscrirtionF received at
Oatl Ttrprrh *T»flce. cor. Duncan & Church ets.
NORSES ANTO WACOXS.
<iNE farm uai?on: 2 sand wajreni;; 2 big: plat-
fos-n, wftcons; 2 ontr-horff express waironß;
"a* doctor buggy: fine rubber tire runabout;
all kinda of business buppies; 5 top wagons
f.nJ cfcrt» of all kind?. ir>"-';— s Fclsom st.
SECOND-HAND panel top wagon; Victoria;
rubber tire ccupe; Tooir.ey road cart: leather
tf>p ctrriape end phaeton: cheap at 600 Gold-
<--n Gate eve.; also 2 sets 2d hand harness.
FOH »a!e— l37s Eddy. EcMpee Stable, span b.
rr.ares. rlne drivers; b. (reldinjr. 17 hands; b!k.
ecld.. TfiU hands; 2 fine drivers, 15-4: pony.
V' >H sale — Bay marc:,S years old; about 1200
: 'jadf. Apply 2T.-55 Mif^lcn ft.
AVCTION pale of horsep. waicons and harness
every- Wednesday at 11 s. m.. 327 Sixth ct.
J 1 'FT arrived one carload of good horses; for
4:1 Sixth st.
Or- i) buFinese and mason horse? for sale
heap. J TOMKINSON CO.. 75 Minna St.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED Met- of houses to let; send for clr-
c-jlar. G. H. UMB^EN & CO.. 20 Montgmy.
SIX large, modern, sunny rooms, butler's pan-
try, high patnlted basement: garden. 510
Guerrero st. '
T*") let — Houm of 16 pleawint, sunny rooms;
nict- yard; central. 107 Fifth et.
not>Es to Lirr — fir.mshed.
COMPLETELY furnished 10-room house: fine
location, to lease for ore year; reasonable.
For particulars address GUS. HARRIS, 1423
Sp.nsome st.
GOUGH. 1015, near Pine — Very sunny, desirable
house, 7 rooms; ail conveniences; 10 to 8.
HOTSES^ FURNISHED — FOR SALE. J
BARGAIN — Sunny house; 7 ronms, bath; sun-
r.y yard: reasonable; no agents. Box 3SS2,
Call office.
HOUSES TO LET — MILL VALLEY.
fI'NNT villa, furnished; 7 rooms, bath. C.
TOCHEY. V. V.. or 31; Montgomery s=t.
HOTELS.
HOTEL Pt. Nicholas. Market. Larkin. Hayes
sis. — Heart of S. F. ; modern; American and
European planE: electric lights and phone
in every room; hot and cold water; quiet.
INVALID CHAIRS.
£C-D. rented, exchanged : manufacturer of the
tryclcle chair.. 2olS Mkt.; tel. Park 775.
JAPANESE^ONTRACT LA'IIOR.
JAPANESE contract labor for farming, wood-
chopping, tree pruning or any work; estab. 5
>re. Mataumcto & Co.. box 125. Alvartdo. Cal.
LOST AND FOOD.
A TIE and pin were tak^n from the body of
E. E. Brown, who fell at Geary tt. and
Grant aye. about 5:20 p. m., October 16- Will
the party having same return to D. W. Car-
mlchfcel Co., 2j2 Montgomery St., and re-
ceive $5 for their trouble?
"LO£ T — Gold ring, small diamond setting, on or
r«?er premises W. W. Montague & Co.. 317
Market St.; liberal reward. HARLOW
<fLVER.
LOST — October 14. between Guerrero and Stan-
yan ets.. gold watch, 'in brown purs*, name
LiMie inside; reward. 7SI Stevenson »t.
LOST — A diamond sunburst, on Halght-st- car
or at park: kindly return: liberal reward.
P-eEldence. 200 C Mason st.
L/iST — Gold rtickpir, opal, diamond each side;
r*-war<J. 2537 Ridge road. Berkeley.
LOST — Ladles' open-fact nickel watch; leather
fob. Return to 766 A Harrison gt. ; reward.
POtTXD— Aa anchor: owner can have same.
i:il Fountain st.. Aterceda.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. A.. McNE7LX~LAUNCH~CoTr^ooT'of Clay
«;.. for pleerure anfl business; tel. Euth 534.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
1 Office and fcalewoom, 130 Scale «t.
yWVcrIM and Yards, Ninth and Bryant «ts.
We have a brand new lot of pipe complete.
rtaCy for immediate delivery.
>»-Inch pipe $3 25 per hundred feet (new)
«4-!nch pipe 53 fis per hundred feet (new)
I -Inch pij«e $5 70 per hundred feet (new)
I^-Inch pipe $7 CO per hundred feet (new)
: ">\u25a0> -inch pipe tb 30 per hundred feet (new)
2-inch pipe... sll 05 per hundred feet (new)
2H-In. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for uee.lOc
3-ln. screw pipe <2d hd); ready for use.l2Hc
S^-ln. screw pipe <2d hi); ready for use.lSc
4-ln. screw pipe «2d b<2); ready for use.ldc
Send by oheck. money order or coin by W.F.
Express Co. with order.
H. 8. WHITE MACHINERY CO.
Office 13(> Beale rt.
Reference — Any bank, banker or publication.
I<2-HAND machinery, engine*, boilers, punip»,
pulleys, ehaltinx, etc.. etc.. bought, sold.
rented and \.«xchanged; mt* Sunday paper*.
H. S. WHITE MACHY. CO.. 1.10-132 B*ale «t.
IiOILFKS. engines. 2d-hand machinery- McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 185-197 1-Yemont et.
A — BUYS, cells and rente gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, thafting. pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW., 536 Main «*.
JDR sale— Twa gTanfifatner clocks, ISO and
2<jO years old; cheap; p*rfect timers. 1822 :
Todd et., Lorin, Berkeley.
DRUGGIETS — romj.!et«» outfit of ctore fixtures; ;
brand new, to be had at a bargain. 723 Mar-
ket rt., room 20.
20-H. P. 2D-HAND gasoline engine, pumps and
pumping machinery. Howlett Machine
Works.. 256 Fremont st.
A— GENTS' full dreae rults to rent. J.
OOOPER. 21 Stockton «t., second floor.
FTOVE for sale, cheap. Call 11 Avery st., be-
tween Fillmore and Stelner, Post and Geary.
BEAUTIFUL gent's diamond ring. 2 carats,
HOP. PAUL V. GARIN, 114 Hutttr fct.
MAGNIFICENT pearl and -liamind c'.ucter
ring giOO. PAUL V. GARIN' lit Sut'?r rt.
Drj&K club tnemberFhlp for sale; Suisun
Box SOOO. Call office.
MiFKf and office furniture bought, sold and
exchanged. T. P. MCCARTHY. 807 MUsion.
E. C HirOHHS— Printer. CU £as#ome st.,
6«o Frarici*c<?»
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE— -Con.
. . . . _ \u25a0\u25a0..\u25a0- -- : '
'-• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0 >" ?>"•\u25a0 '\u0084 ,:\u25a0 \u25a0
FOR Bale-— New «::<i sfoond-hand billiard and
jh.iol tal-'.es; eary psyments: we rent tables
v.i!h privilege nf buying; modern bur lix-
rurts; cheap price*. HRITNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDKR. <32 Mission St./ S. F.
MACHINERY.- boiler* and engines bought,
toid and exchanged; power, .plants ~Jn their
entirety boupht. Western Mhy. Co.. 230 Main.
14-K tclU fountain pens, COc; Shetneid hollow-
ground razors. 50c: selling- out cur cutlery A
stationery dept. SUNSET BAZAAR. 42 3d »t.
SOLID Mixer 'ea eet. 5 p'.ects. at a bargain. 10
Elith st.
LARGE fhow lent in good condition, w. a.
PLUMPER. 11l Clay gt.
MILES et pipe and - fitting!, all sizes, cheap.
EUGENE RILEY fr SONS. 109 Val'ejo st.
TWO merry-go-rounds: one miniature railway.
BACIOALUPI. SO5 Kenrny tt.
HIGH eradt! fecond-hand office safe and wagon
scale. FARCFXLS SAFK CO.. 216 California.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lamerr.s. sale, rental:
bargains. niXLARD & BKECK. 131 Pott Bt.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladles' gents' cast-
off rlcthingr. Tel. Davis K25. G3O Sacramento.
M. LEVY pays highest prices gents' cast-off
clothlng,s>hoes; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington.
WE pay cash ladtee' and gents' clothing. Til-
tor/s Misfit Parlors. 154 9th; tel. Howard 11S7
Bt.'VS any amount of ca.«noff clothing, etc.
MRS. MORRIS. qt4 Folsom ; phone Jessie 446.
SAFE wanted; a medium-sized safe. Apply
F. M.. box 4>».".tj, Call offli-e.
DIAMONDS «tc. bought for cash. Karl Eber
& Co.. 400-401 Adams bldg- 206 Kearny st.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— Ladies, all who are
sick or in trouble, consult this specialist on
femals complaints; positively corrected; the
unfortunate helped; the most difficult cases
treated; every case taken; immediate relief;
no poisoning drugs; low fees; my methods
x\ ill cure all cases of Irregularity; consult
me; save time and money; advice free. Office
1018 Market St.; hours 9 a. m. till » p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints anJ Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; SO years' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
rr.ale troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. Office hours 9 to 5. Sunday
10 to 2. 1002H Market st.. opposite Fifth.
WOMEN'S diseases and irregularities cured in
£4 hours; 1!* years' experience without a fail-
ure; r.o trifling; strictly private; elite patron-
age only. Dr. Sylvester's office, 1206 Market.
DRS. GOODWINS' herb treatment; reliable,
cafe, prompt for female Irregularities; rellet
or no fee; $10; hrs. 9-8. S5O Mkt. St., suite 37.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — office and residence
1021 1 - Market et., bit. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
A— MRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth Bt..
bet. Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East 6&7.
DH. and MRS. DAVIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1126 Markot.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st., corner
Twenty-sixth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. HOWARD, ladles' specialist— Relief or no
fee: glO: hours. 9 to 9. 906 Market at.
MONEY TO W)AN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHT.
601-602-W3 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate*, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
eve: legacies, life estates and undivided tn-
tereEts in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ANY salaried employe or wage earner can
GET JUST ON HIS NOTE:
Mo. Seml-Mo. Week.
?50 — Return to us $13 35 or $6 135 or 1 $3 35
2il — Return to us 8 00 or 4 00 or 2 00
20 — Return to us 5 35 or 265 or 1 i! 5
lE— Return to us 400 or 2 00 or 100
Or any other cum and pay back in proportion.
STAR LOAN CO. of Wyoming,
Room 311 Mutual Savings Bank building.
WILL LOAN
reasonable amount on
let, 2d or ad
- "" \u25a0 MortjC&see on real estate
In city, town or country.
i/)w rate of interest. * . -
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, ttc.
Box 223, Call office.
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton et., near Market.
2d floor.
Loan* made to salaried people without any
publicity or other inconvenience on their
cotes. Loans on real estate in probate; life
i insurance policies, estates. second mort-
gaget, a6slgnments of rents. «cc-.
SALARY LOANS— ~~
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get t terms. Drake. 453 Parrott b'.dg.
HIGHLY .respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances en diamonds. Jewelry, at 1
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry
i(7B Market «t., tel. Main- 1644. Branch 1192
Market tt. and 27 Third st.
ANY amount Quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or other security; lowest
rates; no cemmission; confidential. 806-7
D«nohoe bldg.. g Taylor St.. corner Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; <asy payments: large business in 40
principal cities. TOLMAN, 553 Parrott bJdg.
I A— Lowest rates on real estate, Ist or 2d mort-
; gages life insurance, or on any security, any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
I ORIGINAL Uncle Bill— lf you look for lowest
rate of interest and square deal. Old Flood
bldg., 809 Market, cor. 4th. suite 1, est. 18GS.
MONEY. MONEY. MONEY.
Any proposition. 49 2tt St.. Wells-Fargo Ex-
press bldg. W&jre-Etrners' Invt. & Loan Co.
ALVA Co. (The) loans money to salaried people
without 6ecunty; good terms and easy pay-
ments; also en other security. 607 Flood bldg. t
MONEY to loan at a low rate of interest; gold,
silver, diamonds, pearls and precious stonei
pf.ught at W. J. HESTHAL'B. 10 Sixth st.
SALARIED people without security; aleo on
furn. estates in probate, life Ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan & Invest. Co.. 612 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount, real estate or other aecurlty;
$100 tip. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. &\u25a0
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
vt. Hutton Credit Co.. 812 Mutual Bank bldg.
j ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. B. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
McGARVIE &. C 0. ,720 Market st.. loans money,
65 to SO p^r.cent of valuation of property.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
. MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
A NUMBER OF UPRIGHT BARGAINS.
English upright, for practice, $55.
French upright, a little better, $G5.
Also a Chickerlng, Vose, Sterling, Curtaz,
Smith & Barnes, Mozart, Neuman, from $145.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
OUR lerge and Increasing renting business en-
ables us to rent the best pianos in the city for
$2 50 and $3 per month,, some at $2; one
year's rental allowed If piano Is purchased.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-04 Hayes.
A NEW piano for rent at $3 per mo.; others
at $2 and $2 su; one year's rent allowed if
purchased. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO..
sfc« Hayes st.
AN elceant upright piano, good as new, will
b..- cold to-day at a sacrifice. Call from 8:30
a. m. to 9 p. m.. 584 Valencia tt.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new.- H.
MUIX.ER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place..
FINE upright piano; reasonable; must Mil.
\u25a0 Call bet. 11 a. m. and 3 p. m., 3777 23d Bt.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.. manufacturer
Horr.ung Bros.' pianos; agt. Laff argue piano.
ELEGANT uprights, new, 2d-hand, $40-$5OO.
PIERCES Piano Factory, Market and 14th.
CHICKERING upright. $165. 237 Geary «t.
ALMOST Riven away: unredeemed storage pl-
anos, furn. White head's storage. 1636 Mrkt.
EOKMER. Byron Mauzy plane*. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post St.
NEW, upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay- .
menu. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st. ,'.
3-PEDAL fitelnway up; Chickerlng baby grand.
Shon.nger little used. KeefCe's. 2P5 O'Farrell.
MUSEUMS.
DR. LIEBICTBTAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
moved to 1C23 Market «t.. near Sixth.
PATENTS. •
INVENTIONS patented; U. S. and foreign;
patent !*•»- ' V. P. Mcni.vi r-12 ibrbt «t.
\u25a0 - - ....... ; . -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY.- ; OCTOBER 20, 1905.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
\u25a0 v .-...— -
MISSION SO7, corner First— 2 floors suitable
for lipht manufacturing; will arrange to ouit
tt-nant.- Apply BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25
Past st. . ' - ; \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - - - "
i FOR r«-nt— Klogant office suits ...on first -floor; •
i corner Montgomery and Slitter sts. ;\u25a0. 7 large
windows; Apply room 6. 40 Montgomery st.
LARGE store with bis basement. Clay St.,
Bhovt Montfrnmery. Owner. 6:i« Clay, r. 1.
PERSONALS.
"R-E-X-R-A-D-l-O-'S" one treatment CURED
my severe, chronic 'RHEUMATISM 78 days
fIEO. I WITNESSED his wonderfully suc-
cessful treatment (LAST week) of GOITRE,
DUMBNESS, LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, DEAF-
NESS, PARALYSIS, DEAF-MUTEISM. &c.
Pee extcneiyti notice in last Wednesday's
"CALL; interview me; C. Engleke, -221
Stflner" (for yeare Editor of Cal. JOUR-
NAL). Rcjcradlo'6 office hours 2 to 6. 509
Kearny. ' . .
Vv'lLL the lady and gentleman who gave their
handkerchiefs to the lady who was hurt In
the Butter-st. car last Wednesday evening
about 10 o'clock kindly call at 190* Laguna
street. • •-..'.\u25a0 .- ;
TRIAL treatment free; charges reasonable; ner-
vous & stomach troubles, kidney and bladder
ailments & rheumatism cured by electricity;
lady pßtlents only: hours 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Mrs. Burner, 210 Powell, r. 22; take elevator.
DR. MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer; he will
challenge the world to produce Its equal;
shipped to all parts of world. 382 O'Farrell.
SI and $2 50 size bottles; take no substitute.
H. MIZUHARA. Japanese artist, has removed
1?1b ait repalrlns shop from 424 Powell st. to
504 Powell St., near Sutter.
AT less thpn cost; uncalled for suits/overcoats 1
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st. \u25a0•
STAR hair remedy, tonic, restores color, cures
dandruff, stops falling; druggists, hairdress-
ers^. Star Remedy Co., 821 Polk st. .
ANY one knowing whereabouts of Joseph Eng-
land please notify his mother, 443 Eddy st.
OLD picture frames reflnlshed like new; reason-
able. California Decorating Co.. 206 sth st.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAU3 & CO.. the tailor. 729 Market Kt.
MISS UNDERWOOD, electric needle epecial-
ist. Sl4 Sutter st. Phone East SC46.
B^BRAND new tailor-made men's suits, coat
$25 for $9 75. 440 Bush, nr. California Hotel.
$1 A WEEK: suits to order $15 up. LEMOS,
1127 Market st., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
bees opened at 1008 Market St., Opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. .-
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
REMOVED — DR. WONG .HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases oT the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now- lo-
cated at v CC7 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-S Clay st.
PAINTING AND PAPERHANGING.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up; 75,000 rolls wallpa-
per. 5c up. Hartmann Paint Co., 319. Third.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
ARE YOU LOOKING for AN INVESTMENT?
We have a business property paying over
6 per cent net, at. a low rent; lot 50x137:6.
brick building, in first-class condition;- g«od
downtown location; $32,000.
59500— Fiibert-st. residence, inside of Hyde,
n*-ar car line; 8 rooms and bath, with a cot-
tage on the rear;' substantial building; lot
4J>x137:6; fine marine, view and very desirable
neighborhood. \u25a0 , -.
SS7G0 — 3 nice. large flats on Vallejo St..
near Van Ness aye.; lot 25x122:6, with 2 front-
ages; rear part ready to build; rent $73; must
be sold this month; make an offer.
$4250 — Nice cottage on Clay St.. adjacsnt
to new Presidio Terrace; neatly renovat9d In-
side; lot 25.:>0x128; shed on the rear; mortgage
of $2000 can remain; a bftrealn.
i $1250 — Correr lot 75x75, with small h:us?,
\ on Bernal Heights; fine, healthy lpcat!on foi
I residence: little more money would buy thie;
other adjoining lots, making a very good
poultry-raising place. v
Invetrtieate at once.
RIANDA & CO., C 27 Montgomery st.
MARINE VIEW. PARK LOTS.
$300 each. Easy - payments. No taxes. \u25a0No
Interest.
Adjacent to Improvements Costing Millions.
Two Electric Reads ' Will Be -Running Inside
- of One Year.
Asolutely Cheapest Unimproved Lots Offered
in Golden Gate Park District.
Lots Will Double In Value In a Few Months.
' E. J. HOOPER, 20 Montgomery st.
SELLING
TO BEAT . THE BAND.
ONLY $125 A WEEK.
5275 — Elegant level building lots,, close to
school; fine car service on Mission St.; cream of
the Excelsior Homestead; stop paying rent and
raise the baby where the orone is not polluted
with smoke and dust, to say nothing of the
deadly microbe; no interest and no taxee.
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS.
ONLY $10 A MONTH.
$400 — For finely located lots 3 blocks south
of the park; electric car service unexcelled;
enhancing in value with ' every stroke of the
clock; buy now; next week may be too late;
"Nat Goodwin" Is not the only man that ap-
preciates this beautiful section; no taxes.
W. "3. WHITE COMPANY,
26 Montgomery k St.. room 8. . '
SMALL CITY BARGAIN. ~
HARRIET ST.. Near Sixth and Folsom.
RENTS $600. ALL IN. FINE CONDITION.
OWNER ASKS $7000— MAKE OFFER.
With $4000 mortgage at 6 per cent Interest
and taxes. . : . - .
* Will pay $420 net on $3000 Invested. •
BETTER THAN BONDS INTEREST. Only
with .
THE CORNER LOT CO..
Croesley Building, San- Francisco. ,
Oakland. ' '• A ; >
Berkeley. :
'of San Francisco on the one sunny street
In the Western Addition, JORDAN AVE-
NUE, 80 feet wide from California st, to
Geary Pt.: large lots; seven feet guaranteed
between all houses; first-class two-story resi-
dences; lowest cash- prices; easy terms if
ceelred. SAN FRANCIBCO AND SUBUR-
BAN HOME BUILDING SOCIETY. 708
Market st.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes. 713 Jas. Flood building.
We build on your property or buy you a
lot; you make a small cash payment, . then
$8 per month pays principal and Interest on
eech $1000 of balance due, making your
monthly installments lese than rent; call or
send for circular. . , \u25a0 \u25a0
FOR sale — Corner of Chestnut and Dupont sts. ; .
fine view; 30-room -house; double fln!sh out-
side: Including furniture If d^s'red:' fine store;
lot 47 feet on' Chestnut and 72 feet en Du-
pont; will be sold at half cost. Apply to
the owner at 293 Chestnut st.
$1700 — CORNER lot and cottage-of 4. rooms and
bath on Folsoir. St.; $200 cash, balance. sls
per month. 3310 Mission st. '
$0000 — BARGAIN: residence, 9 handsome rms..
bath; solidly built: sun every room: nr- Pan-
handle: $2000 cash needed. P. O, box 2296,
TWO beautiful homes. 6 'and 7 roorfis and bath;
just completed. 551-575 7th aye.. Rich. Dlst.
$6800 — BARGAIN: 3 flats; Just .completed. 140
Tremont aye.. near Frederick st.
NICE house and 2 lots,' close to cars, on San
Bruno road. 37 Wheat st. '
pied3iont real s estate.
~"~* a^seT - toT : he^ownerl
a bargain for you! .''',
One of the most desirable residence lots In
the Alta Piedmont Tract will be sold at con-
siderably less than adjoining lots van be beftght
on account of owner leaving the State; 50-foot
frontage on Pala aye., 80-foot street In rear;
unbroken view of the bay: street work, sewers
and sidewalk complete; apply at once.' . WM.'
M.- BUTTKRS JR.. 4CB Eleventh Bt.. Oakland
PALO ALTO REAL ESTATE;
CO-OPERATIVE Land and '- Trust Co. are the
owners of large blocks of real estate In "The
Twin Cities," . Palo ; Alto and Mayfleld, . the
Stanford University towns; -large lots, $3CO
and up; cement \u25a0 walks, graded, streets,- -etc. ;
wiall monthly payments;, country, property;
houses for rent. San Francisco office,: 720
Market St.; phone Front- 31.' Salesmen
wanted. - \u25a0 *.\u25a0\u25a0,.\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'- \u25a0.'' :..\u25a0..
j BURLINGAME REAL ESTATE.
GOING FAST. — I
- GOING, FAST.. . . '
Get'ln before the. best 'are gone; nothing to"
compare with. our. lots In Burlingame; lots. 50
feet, $450 upward; macadam streets, sewer and
water. \u25a0 \u25a0: ':;''."'-'-" • '-\u25a0<:•\u25a0--- .;\u25a0-\u25a0;> ».-/" \u25a0"'
LYON *. HOAG. 118 Montgomery at.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sal*.
AAA — "OUR PRICES" on ranches are lower
\u25a0 than anywhere else because we do not add
hupe commissions on to the owner's price;
\u25a0we only handle places we "know" to be good:
we "never"." misrepresent a* place; see us and
save 20 p»r cent: Santa 7 Cruz County land a
vspecialty. BURR-FADDON CO.. 40 Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco, Cal. ' . -.'.','
ALFALFA Irrigated ' lands. $25 per acre; $1
down. $1 month; no Interest: call -or write
forv pamphlets, INDEX LAND AND BOND
CO., 907 Kohl bid., cor. cal. and Monty . ets.
FOR eale — Two choice lots m Point Richmond;
cheap. Box 4694, Call office.
A MONTHLY catalogue country land bargains
sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. <V4B Market.
Poultry ranches. Write to J. W. Horn Co.. Pet-
aluma, for free copy of Sonoma Co. bargain*.
HAYWARD REAL ESTATR.
~i HAYWARD SPECIALS. '
4 acres, with new ' 4-room ' hard- finished
house; 3 chicken houses: brooder house; buggy
shed: feed room: Incubator: 300 chickens; horse;
harness; new spring wagon; well and pump;
¥2600.
7 acres; 2 to •'? acres in fruit anil vines In
full bearliitr; o-room house: barn: 3 chicken
hove(«; home; buggy; harness; cow: 125 chick-
ens; Incubator; brooders; farming Implements;
mill and tank; $2700. - . - .
10 acres fine creek bottom land In fruit and
berries, with horsepower plant for Irrigating;
good .6- room house, bath and pantries ; barn;
chicken houses; mill and tank; farming tools;
fruit boxes and trays, ladders, etc.; 6 acres
In cherries; 1 acre berries; I acre prunes;. bal-
ance pears and apricots;- $5BOO. ". - • •
12% acres, of which o acres In In fruit; 2
acres Jierrics; farming Implements: good 6-
| room hard-finished house; barn; chicken houses;
I cl.«torn : .1 wells; windmill and steam pumping
! plant and large tank; $7250. These properties
I have all bf en reduced In price to make quick
sale; must be seen to be appreciated.
\ P. WILBERT, Hayward. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S^TS
Jj^ ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
IF you want to build, buy or sell property call
on J. H. YOUNG, 1245 Park si., Alameda.
BEKKELEYADVERTTyXTiS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
~ IS IT A BARGAIN?
Get Out Your Pencil ana figure With Me.
THE LAND — 4 lots with 2 corners; facing
3 good streets; Is 75x200x85; worth easy $4000.
THE.IMPROVEMENTS— A 2-story, 10-room.
well planned, centrally located home; worth
easy $25C0.
I am asking $5500 for this. Better investi-
gate now.
A. HOWARD HERRMANN.
/The Realty Broker. Opp. Berkeley Station.
A GNAP.
$1750—^Slx large rooms and bath; large base-
ment, all cemented; corner at 50x100; 1
block, east of Telegraph aye.
$2500-*-Sevcn large rooms, bath, basement: all
modern; larse barn, chicken houses, wind-
mill and tank: lot- T>oxl3s; street work all
done; only .1 blocks to both train;!.
W. C. MORAN & CO.. South Berkeley.
FOR sale or exchange — Nearly an acre, of
ground, 11-room house. 2-story barn; near
the. hills; worth $12,000; will sell on easy
terms, $1000 cash: will exchange for small
property in Berkeley or San FrancUco; will
take nicely located mountain ranch In trade.
H. V. J. SWAIN, attorney, 463-4G4 Parrott
building, San Francisco. -
A BARGAIN IN BERKELEY.
One block from Dwfght way station; on
Parker et., between Phattuck aye. and Grov*
St.; new and beautifully finished; 6 rooms^and
bath; small cash payment, balance In Install-
ments. SAN FRANCISCO AND SUBURBAN
HOME BUILDING SOCIETY. 7CB Market ' Bt.
OATvLAyp ADVERt^M'TS.
\u25a0 OFFICE. 101 C lIROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale at a bargain — One of the choicest
building lots in Alta Piedmcnt; all street
work, sidewalks, sewers, water and gas
mains complete; magnificent view; faces two
broad avenues; restricted building values In-
sures elegant home surroundings; owner go-
Ing away; must sell at once at considerably
less than adjacent lots can be bought for.
Apply -to WfW. WHITE. C.0.. 28 Mont-
itornery' *t.r?rbom &7 .\u25a0"\u25a0- ,
$2400— RENTING for $2SS; store and flat on
Seventh st. ; this is a fine small Investment.
'$2760— Six-roomed 'cottage' with big lot, 50x
140;. fruit trees,' .berries, etc. ; a coiy, com-
fortable home; on 34th Bt., near San Pablo
avenue. . , GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
INVESTMENT— Fine 2-story brick business
corner, 40x100. In the heart of Oakland, $36.-
000; will Increase rapidly. Address F. F.
BACON, 206 Bacon building.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day forbargainrirTfurnlture
H. Schellhaas. 11th st.. cor, store. Oakland.
OAKLAND FLATS TO I..ET.
FURNISHED, flat of 4 rooms and bath for
housekeeping. 688 Twenty-fourth st.
San Francisco Advert Vents
ROOMS ' FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELEVENTH, 10ft— Sunny, nicely furnished
Jroom; gas rangt: water; bath; $10.
FURNISHED housekeeping rooms, gas stoves,
also other rt»P»s \u25a0at reduced ' prices at the
Philadelphia Booae, Fourth and Perry sta.
OEARY, '.1058 — FtHir rooms newly furnished-
first floor; $20j three rooms $18.
LARKIN, 817^r**-Sunny corner room; gas
stove: rent reasonable.
LARKIN, " 1517~Three completely furnished
rooms for hoUFakeeping; all conveniences.
LARKIN, 1626— Housekeeping suite of 3 rooms
and bath, completely furnished; adults; $40.
MARKET. 1153 — Suite of rooms for housekeep-
ing; rent $15; also single room, $5.
MARKET, 2098— Two large, sunny, well-fur-
nished rooms, complete /for housekeeping:
phone, bath. \u25a0
MCALLISTER. ', 483, cor. Van Ness aye.— 2
nicely furnished, tunny housekeeping rooms;
$14; single room, $(5.
MCALLISTER; 1931, near park — Two or three
housekeeping rooms.
MISSION, 823— Housekeeping rooms, front or
back; eas for cooklr.B. •• --. - — .
MISSION, 1220— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping. \u25a0 • \u25a0 \u25a0:. ' "
OAK. 117," or ' 14 Page — Complete for house-
keeping; $5 to $12; hot bath; laundry; adults.*
OCTAVIA. 1403— Sunny housekeeping suites;
rent reasonable. \u25a0'- •\u25a0 • ' ' >\u25a0
SIXTEENTH. 3428 A. near Church— 2 or 3
sunny; ' nicely furnished, connecting rooms
'for housekeeping; phone. 'gas and bath; cars
pass within 3 doors of the house; reasonable;
no children. • • ; ...
SIXTEENTH. 2036, corner Capp— Two sunny
• connecting housekeeping rooms; gas, bath*
$12 50. . , , ' : h
BTEINER, 2204 — Several : fine, sunny rooms
complete for light housekeeping In private
family: adults only. •\u25a0 .
SUTTER. 1616 — 2 large sunny front rooms.,
complete hskpg.. $22 50; 2 sunny rooms, $18.
WALLER.; 71 — Newly fur. suite rooms, in 'new
house; fine view; $14.' Phone Page 7931.
APARTMENT HOUSES. ;.
STi "ceClLe! 115 Fell s£.^near"van'Ne£»~a*nd
Market — New. handsome, fireproof "structure:
mod. improvements; apts. 3-rm., bath;special
Inducements for next CO days; tel. South 10»l.
NEW Tour-story corner apartment-house; sunny
side; completed November 1. All suites -have
modern kitchens, electric lights, etc. 'Apply.
244- Nlnth'st.:' bulldlnjr opposite. .
ALTA Apartments, opp.' Alta Plaza— Furnished
or unfurnished -2 rooms - and . separate \u25a0 bath.-
Clay St., bet.' Pierce ; and Scott. . - -
RANDALL Asartments.' 120: Pierce St.— Four
large sunny, unfurnished rooms;- must, be
- seen "to be . appreciated. Tel.: Fell 9731.
GRAND view — California' and Lyon; 4 rooms:
completely furnished; modern, apartments;,
reasonable.;.-" .-". :.'.' ' - : \u25a0 \u25a0 '. • . ":\u25a0 : V ..
A— KENILWORTH, j cor. Bush. Powell ; 3-roora
. sunny \u25a0 aparts. : . single l rooms; 1 modern: reas.
A— YON- NYDACK.- 873 ' Post —4 rooms; private
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;- bathe; furnished,"! unfurnished ;% salt bathe. ;-.; :
ROSS WELL /Apartments, 1360 Pine, near Hyde
% — 2.'3 and 4 rooms, with bath;; steam heat.;,-
MAYBELLE,' 202 Grove, i cor.: . Van - Neas-^Van
•}' ness,;3-rm. suite: Grove,- 3-rm.. suite ;|reaß. : ;\u25a0<.-\u25a0
THE . Avalon,- \u25a0 670 ' Bush 'j et.— 3 i antTv'4 \ room
: \u25a0 apartments with < bath ;v rarn.*: or.: unfurnished.;
. THE ' Frederick,'' flOl \u25a0•\u25a0. Stanyan— l'. to ' s•\u25a0 room?,
overloowtna- Golden Gate Park: tel. Pare 616 ft j
ROOMS TO t.ET— Fnrn. and Unf nra. .
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN,
Corner Ellis and Lravenworth sts..
In the heart -of .the city.
:«X> rooms; 100. baths. t ..
Modern In every detail. . "
Rates 53 to . 515 pe j . week.
Rooms, with private bath. $1 day.
1 • Tourist travel solicited..
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.-
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
- Fifths st.)— Rooms 25c to 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House, over Owl drugstore; 2 en-
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights,- running water in evtry room; 200
rooms: 25c to 50c per night; ?1 25 to $4 week.
BURTON Hotel, 112« Howard st. — 100 rooms:
new houge; modern; $1 25 to $3 per week.
CALIFORNIA, 3085 — 2 fine furnished front
roomj. complete for light housekeeping, uy :,-
EDDY, 808 — Large sunny front rooms; elegant-
ly ~ : furnished; private: running water; use"
piano; ijentlemen. • i:-.'-?
EDDY. 905— Modern corner flat; newly fur-
nished rooms; sincle or en unite.
ELLlS.. £23— Nice single rooms. $2 50 week up:
fine furnished suits with baths; very reason-
able.
FOURTH. 22.T — Nice sunny front rooms, also
. single rooms. - t
' FOURTH, 271 — 100 rooms; all stx«B and prices;
. new, modern: hot and cold water.
GALT HOUSE. 1208 Market st.— Choice rooms
by day, week or month: central location.
GEARY. 47. - t— Beautifully furnished suites, pri-
vate bath«, $30: new house; single. $S.
GRAND Pacific Hotel, li>l4 Kearny «.— New
: house; all modern conveniences; rooms by day
: 35c up; by week $2 up; open all nlcht.
GRAND SOUTHERN. 1063 Mission, cor. Sev-
enth — 100 rooms; 50c nfght, $2 to $7 week.
HOTEL Hamilton, and cafe, 125 Ellis bet.
Powell and Mason sts.. S. F. — Rooms $1 to
$3 per day; steam heat and telephone In
each room.
HOWARD. 715 — Rooms. 25c to $1 per day;
$1 50 to $3 per week; reading-room, etc.
LEAVENWORTH. 1235—3 or 4 furnished
rooms; sun all day; every convenience.
LEXINGTON. 135— Nice furnished rooms;
.pleasant neighborhood: rates reasonable.
MARKET. 1004— One small room to let; $1 25
week; over dental parlors.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL, 129 Third St.— 4oo
single and. family rooms. 35c to $1 50 per
day: $2 to $8 week: the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San FrancUco
that has office on ground floor: hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room, and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and night to Its guest*.
MINNA, 735 — Large «unny double and single
furnished rooms; suitable for ladles or gents.
MONTGOMERY. 716— Furnished rooms to Itt.
PINE. 783 — Fine" furnished front sunrvy rooms;
running water: bath; centrally located; de-
sirable; convenient.
POWELL. 1220, cor. Pacific— Nice sunny front
: furnished room to let: day. we*k, month.
RIO VISTA HOTEL. 253 Third et.. near How-
ard — New house with modern conveniences ;
rooms en suite and single: rates by day. 35c
up: by wefk. $2 up; batha free to guests.
TAYLOR, 615 — Newly fur. rooms; hot and cold
water; #10 mo.; elegant suites; baths free.
TURK, 204 — Nicely furnished sunny front
room*; rent reaponable.
UNITED STATES. 12.3 Eddy, near Market— 4oo
rooms, 3fa to $1 night. $1.75 to $8 week; elec.
trie light* (no gas), running water In every
room: elevator, reaJ.-room; free bus, baggage.
WOLF House, Howard and Sixth— No better
transient house in city; rates reasonable; lo-
_^catlon central. Geo. H. yon der Mehden. prop.
WINCHESTEIfHoteI. 44 3d St.. nr. Markft—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms,
35c to $150 nightly, $2 to $8 week; elevator;
fltc.'llghtp; reading-room: free bua.'baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertljements anil subscriptions has been
opened at lOCS Market -St., opposite Fifth
Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
HOTEL MARLBOROUGH, 404 Eddy. 404— Just
opened: rooms modern, up to date, light, sun-
ny, airy; hair mattresses; free baths; every-
! thing elegant, fresh, clean; table unexcelled!
Rates: Rooms for 2 with board. $50 month
. and upward: single rooms with board, $30;-
everythlng homelike; parlor and piano for
guests;, location in the .heart of city. 404
Eddy st.. 404.
CALIFORNIA, 807— Exceptionally good table,
free bill lard-room, handsome and sightly
rooms; board and room for 2, $45 up; single,
$22 50 up; suite?. $55 up; flee for yourself.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1031— Sunny fur. rooms,
bath, good board. $20-$23; two, $30 month.
FULTON, 1334 — Sunny rooms and board In
private family: fine location.
JOHNSTON, THE, eCS O'Farrell— Sunny suite*
and single rms.; excellent board; references.
LEAVENWORTH. 1329— Nicely furn. rooms,
with board; good location; excellent table.
VALENCIA, 636— Furnished rooms, with
. water, grate, closet*, etc.; table board.
VAN NESS aye., 808— Nicely furn. rooms, with
board; home cooking; rates reasonable, i
ROOMS WANTED. "
BY lady and daughter, 2 or 3 unfurn. rooms In
-refined family. P. J. M., 1071 Treat aye.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ;. furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. ._ 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
UNION Square Transfer and Storage Co., fXH
Van Ness aye. Phone East 448. Btorage,
moving, packing; cut rates on freight. .
CONKLIN'S storage; furniture . and merchan-
dise. Golden Gate and Larkin: phone East 126.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Flllmore: tel. West 82S.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; b*«t
v is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
\u25a0 price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domee-
tlo office, 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand, $3, $5, $8; slightly
used $10, $15, $20. You know where dolls
swing In the window. 1051 Market 6t.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN~excepUonftlly good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
. Smith Premier. $25; other typewriter* at
higher and lower prices; rentals, $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange,. s36 California st.
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
Engraved wedding Invitations, visltlnr & busi-
, ness cards, crests,- etc. ; high-class work; mod-
erate rates. J. H. Duncan, 126 Kearny, rs. 1-2.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday by. the County Clerk: .
Carlo VlgllKO. 33. 212 Broadway, and
Plerlna!Junlno. 21. 212 ) Broadway.
John C. Franks. 34, Belvedere, and Helen C.
Brown, 28, 1214 Hyde street.
Baldomero Seoane, 35,2 20 Union street, and
Librada N. Nasson, 415, 218 Union street.
Thomas J. Curry. 24, llt>9 Folsom, street, and
Elizabeth Jones, 22, Lucas; lowa. ~ \
John Nelson, 25. IS Richland avenue, and
Eugenia Anderseon, 25, 18 Richland avenue. .
Micael A. Mitchell. 47,^3355 Seventeenth
street, and Abb E. Gibson, 44. 382 Dolores «t.
John W. Hart; 38, 415 A -Third : street, and
Emily "W. Ludlow. 39. 415 A Third stret.
, Victor Henrlckson. 28, -\u25a0'-\u25a0 1409 Montgomery
street, and'Liswa J. Cook 33, 1443. Eleventh aye.
; Luis ' A: Ireland, 25, ;1455 Franklin street,
and Alma ; M. Weeks, 19, 1518 Franklin street.
William J. Koser, 21, 217 Leavenworth 6treet,
and Olive Granger, 18/221 Leavenworth street.
Joseph -. L. .O' Nelll, 22. 850 . Harrison strset,
and Florence ..Welae, 19. 832 Harrison street.
- George ,W. Buchman; 21,' San Jose, and Mil-
dred. Earle, 18,' San Jose. ' \u25a0
. James A:' Welden, 4C. : Stirling City, and
Alice E. "\u25a0Cox. 38. Stirling City. ; /
Albert:: G. Garcia. 31.- ;131. Montgomery
street, and Jennie ; F. Graves, 30, 1321 - Pine st.
;-• John S.*i Blanton, 36,* 2021 California ' street,
and Josephine W.,Chrlstensen, J 24,' 1924 Taylor.
Charles R. Florer, 21, : 907 , Ellis street, and
Edith F.Casto, 21; 753 Golden Gate avenue.
Alexander Hlrshberg, 21. Oakland,' and . De-
borah Lobree. 18,- 4111 Seventeenth street."^ V
Francis : H. - Daenln,' 34, ' Eureka, and Mary
X Tierney, 30, liitiO Dolores street. V-3RMK!
. Albln r John6on,- 29. 1615 Mission street, and
Tillle :Olsbn," 26 Boston. •-.\u25a0".'\u25a0 \u25a0 ... -
; r John VJ. ' Hickey.-, 39, Indian Diggings, and
A niy Georce.T 33,: Seattle. -
: . William . Croteau.v 36. 44 Third street. ; and
Clara \u25a0 J." McMun, v : 35, 1 44 'Third • street.
• : John"" B. "; Preisa, . 38, "": Juneau, ',? Alaska, • and
Josephine :Bell,~ 37.; 1170 Clay street.
Charles A. - Werner." 35. ; 345 "« Fourth btrest.
am, Tina F. Hlelberd. 85" a*n rt H ..^.t. -
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— IEATBS.
Birth. marrUc, and death notices sent by
mall 'will' not b« Inserted. They must b*- hanilM
In at either of the publication offices ana b«
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona - authorized to have the dame published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In th!« column
free o* charges- \u25a0
BORX.
EDEN— In this city, October IP, 1905. to the
1 wife of Frank O. Eden (nee Benson), a son.
HESS— To the wife of Fred Hess of Point
Richmond, a son.
HEYERMANN— In this city. October 15, 1905,
to the wife of Charles Heyermann. a sen. -
WEIS— In Oakland. October -1". 1005. to the
wife of William O. We!s, a daughter. ."' T-\T -\
MARRIED.
BAATZ— BAER— In this city. October 18.
19C5, by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Rudolph
Baatz of Phoenix, Ariz., and Sadie Baer
of this city.
BATT— COHN— In thlsctty, October 15. 1905,
by the Rev. M. S. Levy. .Sol Charles Batt
and Rose Cchn. both of this city.
BLUM— LIPMAN— In thli city, October 15,
11103, by the Rev. M. S-. Levy, Paul -Blum
and Eda Llpman.
CHORLEY— KONROD— In thia city. October
4, IUO6. by the Rev. Henry B. Collier. Roca
Robertson Chorley and Eva A. Konroii.
DELUCCHI— WADGE— In Sutter Creek. Octo-
ber 10, 1905/ by the Rev. James L. Case. Dr.
J. A. Delucchl and Lucy M. Wadge, both of
Sutt?r Creek.
ISAACS— ELLISON— In thja city, October 7.
1005. by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Edward S.
Isaacs and Louise L. Ellson. •
KOPPERMANN — SPRECKELSEN— In this
city. October lft, 1305. by the Rev. A. Jatho,
Hans Henry Koppermann to Henriette Cath-
erine Ecreckelsen. both of this city.
MANCKE— PLANTE— In this city, at Trinity
Presbyterian Church, October 17, 1905. by
the Rev. Edward K. Strong. William S.
Mancke and Cfevlne E. Plants, both cf thia
city.
WULFF — BUEIXJ — In this city, October 18,
1905. by the Rev. A. Jatho. Henry Wulff of
Andrews Island, Cal., .and Anna J. Buelo of
Vernon, Wis. . - "• '
DIED.
Anderson, Tim. 45 Josephs, William. 3S
Bishop, Rebecca, 86 Lehn, George, 47
Buthenuth, Louise, 72 Lesan, Edward, 77
Cohn. Joseph, 65 McCann. Thos. H.. 30
Covert. Stephen H., 81 McKeown, James. 43
Curran Maybelle, IS McNamara, Thos., .;l
De Andreis. Victor. IS McNutt. Jacob M., 75
\u25a0^Doran. Francis J., 1 Melnke. John.
Felling, Edward J-, 22 Morse, Amasa, 73
Godfrey, Catherine. 13 Mowat. Adam H., 37
days Murphy. John J.. 63
Gorham. Matthies, 32 Olsen. Joban. 57
Hedrick, Lyman. «3 Pahl..John R.. 41
Hule. Mrs. Sarah E. Pinkham. John F.. 71
ANDERSON— In the City and County Hos-
pital. October 19, 1905, Tim Anderson, a na-
tive of Greece, aged 45 years.
BISHOP— In Alameda.' October . 19. 1905.
Rebecca A. Bishop, beloved mothtr of Ru-
pert and Helner Bishop. Mrs. Ada Matty.
Mrs. Eva Foster. W. T. and Fred Bishop
and the late Homer L. BLshcv. a native of
Nova Scotia, aged t& years and 16 days.
BUTHENUTH— In this city, "October 19. 1905,
Louisa M.. dearly beloved wife of Antona
Buthenuth, a native of Germany, a>ced 72
years.
COHN— In this city. October 19. 1905. Joseph
Cohn. beloved husband of the late Yetta
tohn and beloved brother of ejatomon Cohn
and Mrs. H. Harris and the late Louis Cohn,
. a native of Nakel, Germany, aged 65 years.
COVERT— In Oakland. October 19. IUOB.
Stephen H., beloved husband of Jennie G.
Covert, and father of Mrs. Fannie A. Hilton,
a native of Massachusetts, aged SI years o
months and 19 dayi.
CURRAN— In this city. October 19. 1905.
Maybelle, dearly beloved daughter of John
and Isabelle K. Curran. a native of San
Francisco, aged IS years 10 months and 14
days. . -'.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral t»unday.
October 22. at 1 o'clock p. m., from the
family residence, 1815 Eddy street. Inter-
ment private, at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DE ANDREIS — In this city, October 19, 1905.
'Victor dc Andreis. beloved son of V. U.
and Anna Stoffer da Andreis, a native of San
Francisco, aged IS years 4 months and 13
days.
C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday),^ at '.< a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 6 Vandewater street, off Powell, j be-
tween Francisco and Bay, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass, will be celebrated for the repeat
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m. In-
\u25a0 .terment Holy Cross Cemetery. -'...:.
DORAN — In this city. October IS, 1905.
Francis J.. beloved son of Chacjea E. and
Mary J. Doran, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 4 months. \u25a0
~IE7"The funeral will take place to-day
' (Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of th* parents, 463 Bryant street. In-
terment private. -v •
FEILING — In this city. October IS. 1905.
Edward J., beloved son of Louis and Johanna
Feiling, and dearly beloved brother of Louis.
Frank, Arthur, William and Lester Feiling.
Mrs. C. Bergen, Mrs. R. C. Schrader and
Mrs. H. Peters, a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 years 8 months and 3 days.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), October 20, at 1 o'clock p. in.,
from the new funeral chapel of Theodor
Dlerks, 432 Golden Gate avenue, between
Larkin f-nii Polk- streets. Cremation Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
GODFREY— In this city, October 18, 1905, at
the residence of her parent*. 1397 Minna
street, corner Fifteenth, Catherine A. God-
frey, dearly ' beloved infant daughter of
George and May Godfrey, a native of San
• Francisco, aged 13 daysi j
GORHAM— In Oakland. October 19. 1905,
Matthies. beloved husband of Annie Gorham.
and brother of Valentine Gorham, Mrs. Wil-
liam Connolly, Mrs. J. M. Holloran and Mra.
Martin Connolly, a native of Cllfden, County
Galway, Ireland, aged 32 years.
Cs*Xotice of . funeral hereafter.
HEDRICK— In this city, October 13, 1905.
Lyman' Hedrick. beloved father of Harry
Hedrick * a native of Ohio, aged 63 years
and 27 days.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. m..
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
. Golden Gate avenue, between Polk and Lar-
kin streets'. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery. $3?£l£3
HUIE — At her residence in San Rafael, Octo-
ber 18. 1905. Mrs. Sarah Elizabeth Hule.
widow of the late Dr. G. H. Hule. and
daughter of the late Judge R. Aug. Thomp-
son^-'
E7Funeral from the residence on Friday.
October 20. at 10:30 a. m.
JOSEPHS-r-In Oakland, October . 19, 1905.
William, beloved husband of Mary Josephs,
and- father of Willie, Amelia.- Lilly and
Mamie Josephs, a native of Oakland. Cal..
aged 38 years. . -w
LEHN— In this city. OcttAwr 18, 1906, George,
beloved husband of Mary Lehn. and father of
Georgiana, Evelyn. Walter and Eleanor
Lehn. a native, of Brooklyn, N. V.. aged 47
yean. (Brooklyn. N. V., papers please copy.)
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend- the funeral services
' on Saturday. October 21, at 1 o'clock p. m.,
from the parlors of Carew & English. 29
Van Ness, avenue. . Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
LESAN— In this city, October 16, 1905. George
Edward • Lesan, a native of . Maine, aged 77
years li months and 5 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock p.: m.. from the
funeral parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2tiO6 Mis-
sion street (Mission Masonic Temple), be-
tween Twenty-second and Twenty-third. In-
terment- Mountain View Cemetery, ' Oakland,
via 3 o'clock creek boat.'- \u25a0 : ..
McCANN— In • . this • city, October 18, 1905.
Thomas H.. husband of May McCann, and
son of Arthur, and the late ; Catherine . Mc-
Cann. a native of. California, aged 50 years.
A member of the Riggers' and Stevedores'
\u25a0 Union. /\u25a0 . - -
C7The funeral will take place to-day
\u25a0 (Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from
McAvoy. .O'Hara .& Co.'* new parlors*, 261
HfcWRY J. CALLACHER CO.
. (Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher). -
- DANIEL P. .DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
.20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. .
\u25a0 Telephone South 80.
LiNiTBD; UNDERTAKER^,
- Directors 'fend Embalmers
Formerly In . Metropolitan Temple. :
NOW AT 8«6 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
i > Between Fourth : and Fifth, near Fifth st.
1 j Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McCINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral \u25a0 Directors and Embalmers
\u25a0 -214 Eddy it. Tel. East 86. -
PLOTS
In Odd Fellows' and Maeonlc Cemeteries can
be exchanged for Plots In
; MOUNT OLIVET.
»'*"• ' For \u25a0• particulars apply .at -City : Office,
GRANT BLDG.:: MARKET & SEVENTH STSL
and 271 Haves street. oDi>ostte St. Ignatius
Church, thenre lo St. P*ter» Church. wh»re
a requiem h!ch .mass will be 'celebrated tot
the repose ol hi* soul, commencing at » a. n>.
IntPrmrnt Huly Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
McKEOWN— In 'Berkeley, October 17. 1S«I5.
Jarces McKeown. beloved husband of Jaila
McKeown, and father of Lena, Joseph autl
Alfcns McKeown. and brother of Josephs
McKeown, a native- /of Ireland, axed Hi
years 2 months and 26 days.
(CTFrends and acuualruances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, October 2l\ at 2 o'clock p.m.. at the
family residence, 2147 Berkeley way. corner
Oxford street. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
McNAMARA— In BUbee. Aria.. Octob/r 1».
IUOS. Thomas McNamara. beloved buabanil
of Bertha McNamara. and father of Thomas
McNamara. an<T'beloved son of Ann and the
late Hugh MoNamara. and brother of Mrs-
M. Trotter, Mrs. Ella Harney and Hutch.
Florence. Emma, Roady and the late Nano
McNamara, and nephew of Mrs. R. Slattery
and Michael McNamara. a native of Soutb
San Francisco, Cal.. asred 31 years.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
McNUTT— In Oakland. October 19. 1805. at
his residence, «&U Thirty-eighth street, Jacub
Miller McNutt. beloved husband of Mary
McNutt. and father of Mary. Pauline and
Uertrude Mliler and Henery and Walter Mc-
Nutt Mrs. K. P. Woods and Mrs- M. l>.
Young, a native of Ohio, aged 75 years and
S month*.
CT" Funeral and Interment private.
MEINKE— In this city. October 19. 1903. John
Meinke. beloved husband of the late Mar-
garetha Meinaa, and beloved father of Mr*.
Anton Zwlck. and brother of Mrs*. H»uer. a
native of Germany. A member of Germania
Lcdg* No. 110, I. O. O. F.. and the Bremer-
voerde Verein.
C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remain*
at the funeral parlors of the 11. F. Maa-n
Company, 817 Mission Mreet.
MORSE — In Petaluma. October 19. 1903.
Amasa Morse, father of Mrs. Jessie Bowie*
of Petaluma and Harry W. Morse of Cor-
delia, a native of New York, aged 73 years.
ICT 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
at the residence of his daughter. Mr* Jesst«
Bowles, near Petafluma, Friday, October 20.
at 1:30 o'clock p. m. Kindly omit flower*.
Interment CyDress Hill Cemetery. Petaluma.
MOWAT— In Fresno. Cal.. October 13. 1905.
Adam Hunter Mowat. a native of Scotland,
aged 37 years. ,
KTCrematlon will take place at 2:3f> p. m.
to-day (Friday), at Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
this city.
MURPHY— In thU city. October 1!). 1805.
John J. Murphy, a native of city of Lim-
erick. Ireland, aged 65 years.
(E7"Notice of funeral hereafter. Remain*
at the rarlors of J. C. O'Connor A Co.. 761
MUsion «tre«t. between Third and Fourth.
OLSEN— In thU city. October IS. 10<T3. Johan
x Olsen. beloved husband of Henrietta Olsen.
and lovinK father of Johanne and Otofin*
c»!s?n of Thronhjen. Norway, and brother °C
Mr* Anna AkseUen. a native of Norway,
aged 57 years 2 months and 20 days.
PAHL— John R. Pahl. husband of Loul?"
Pahl. and son cf the Ist- Ft. H. Pahl, and
brother of R. Pahl and of the late Emm*
Oaetjen. Minnie Schmalholz and Tlltte Koe-
gel, a native of San Francinco, axed 41
years.
PINKHAM— In this city, Oetol>#r 19. 1905.
John F.. husband of I.i'ia J. Pinkham. and
father of the late Theater E. and G»or«»
C. Pinkham and Mrs. Mattie Smith and
Charles F.. Fred 8. and Frank P. Pinkham.
a imlve nf New York, aged 71 years *
months* and S days.
WOODLAWN CEMETERY,
San Mateo county.
MASO.VIC CEMETERY ASSOCI \TIOV.
SSC Jaraea Flood Building. S. F.
REAL ESTATE TUAASACTIOA'S.
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 10.
Dora Peyser to Joseph E. Blen. lot on SW
corner of Green and Gough streets, S 50 by
•V 1C0; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Elsie
H. Leicester (wife of J. F.). lot on 3 line of
California street. 58:6 E of Buchanan. E 2* by
S 137:6; $ — — .
Lizzie M. and Hiram S. Safford to Milton
H. Cook, lot en E line of Webster street. 181-tf
N of Broacftray. N 2» by E 91:6; $10.
Edward and Genevteve Valencia (formerly
Boyd) to Jennie A. Behrens. lot on S line of
Hayes street. 82:6 W of Buchanan, S 120 by
W 27:6; also lot on E line of State street. 230
S of Central. S 25 by E 100. lot IS block
37. City Land Association: also lot on
corner of Goettlngen and Henry streets. S ICO
by E 50. lot 5. block IS. Railroad Avenue
Homestead Association; $1».
Gustav N. Shlngteberger to Marie S. Shin
gleberser. lot on N line of Fine street. 51 s;j
E of t-cott. E 27.44 by N 137:6; also lot on
N line of Pine- street. 30.53 E of Scott. E °i
by N 137:6: girt.
City and County of San Francisco to Louis
D. Stoff, lot on W line of Scott street. 100 N
of Ellis. N 25 by W 00; s .
Andrew and Arrle L. Edwards to Olive E
Flint, lot cli W line of Devisadsro street 75
S of Hayes, S 25 by W 106:3, quitclaim
deed; $1.
O'.ive E. and George 3. Flint to Helena
Wannenmacher. same; ? .
Charles Kurre to Accusslo Scrdano lot on
N_ ;ine of Beach street. 82:6 W of Broderick.
Catherine M. 'Atkinson to Arthur S. Samp
son, lot on N line of Washington street 50 E
of Locust. E 25 by X 127:8 Vi; |10l>
Ferdinand E. and Minna Hesthal to William
B. Prtngle. lot on NW corner of Jackson and
Maple streets, W 60. N 130. E 61. S 143; $10.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco to
Charles L. Creyer. lot. on NW line of Howard
street. 110 XE of Thirteenth, NE 27:6 NW
104:10 H. SW 27:5%. SE 103:11%; $10.
Same to Catherine Kinsman, lot on NW line
of Howard street. 137:6 NE of Thirteenth NE
27:6. NW 106:0$$. SW 27:5. SE 104:10^; $10.
Alexander and Lettle Bond to Benthln Wln
ther. lot on W line of Folsom street. 175 S of
Fifteenth. S 25 by W 122:6; $10.
Henry G. and Estelle Meyer to Charles H.
Brown, lot on SW corner of Sixteenth and Capo
streets. W 80 by S 95:2%; $10.
Theresa and Jacob Lewin to same, same: $10.
Henry and Hattle M. Tillman to C. M.
Kellogg, lot en W line of Dolores street. 269 X
of Fifteenth. N 25 by W 100; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Mary and
Edward Roddy, lot on E line of Hartford
street. 100 N of Eighteenth. N 30:4 by E 125;
$10.
John McAdams to Charles W. and Marl*
Hogue. lot on W line of Florida street. 234
N rf Twenty-third. N 26 by W 100: $10.
Jacob and Bertha G. Weissbetn to William J.
Tregay, lot on S line of Army street. 215 W
of Church. W 25 by S 114: $10.
Edward H. Faller and Mary E. Williams to
Charles C. and Helen M. Hammon, lot on 3
line of Valley street. 280 W of Church. W 25:8
by S lit; $10.
Estate of Michael Coleman (by Francis A.
Meyers, administrator) to Mary Coleman, Jot
on E line of Diamond street. 133 N of Eight
eenth. N 15 by E 125: $33e.
Eva M. Pease to Nellie A. Whltmore. undi
vided half of lot on SE line, of Folsom street,
200 NE of Fifth, NE 50 by 3e 90: $10.
George E. Tooker to Israel L. Greenblat, lot
on SE line of Perry street, ISO SW of Fourth.
SW 25 by SE 80; $10.
S Ernestine Langeron to Charles 'A. Dumont. •
rerecord 2025 D. 292. lot on SE line of Ship
ley street. 225 SW of Firm. SW 25 by SE 73:'
gift.
Daniel and Bertha Hoffman to Albert Els
bach, lot on SE line of Bryant street. 110 SW*
of Sixth. SW 25 by SE 75; $10.
Mary A. Walsh. Margaret Carey and Cath
erine Keefe to Isabella f. Schottler (wife of
H.>, lot on-SW corner of Fifteenth and Utah
streets, S 25 by W 100; >ir.
Patrick and Maria O'Sulllvan to Harry H.
Cosgrlff. lot on SW corner of Twenty-fifth and
Vermont streets. S 50 by W 100; $10.
David and Catherine Dillon to same, lot on
W line of Vermont street, 50 S Of Twenty-fifth,
S 25 by W 100; $10.
Real Estate and Development Company to
John E. Roes, lot on E line of Missouri stre«t.
60 N of Nineteenth. N 25 by W 100; grant.
Phoebe J. Shattuck to John Marshall, lot on
W line of Sixth avenue. 358 :S Nof California
street. N 25 by W 120; 910.
Henry G. and Estelte Meyer to Jacob Hey
man Company, lot on S line of B street. 55 B
of Forty-fourth avenue. E 65 by S 1.10: also
lot on S line of B street. 120 E of Thirty-flrat
avenue. E 60 by S 169:1; $10.
Sarah and Thomas » O. Hawk to Hattle Si
mon, lot on NW corner Of Thirty-second ave
nue and X street. W 32:8 by N 100; $10.
Edwin and Helen S. uoxxJall to Peter G.
King, block bounded by M and N streets and
Forty-first and Forty-second avenue*; $10.
Estate of J. B. Stanrord (bankrupt) , (by
Cnarlen R. Havens, trustee) to Samuel Croxler
lot on NE corner of Twenty-ninth avenue and
O street. N ICO by E 137:6: $C3O.
John A. Gallagher to Ausust H. and Ollee
Johnson, lot on E line of Ninth avenue. 50 N
of O etreet. N 25 by E 100: $10.
T B- Potter Realty Company to Charles H.
Sooy, . lots 19 and 2f), blocs 63. Rets Tract;
to George J.*Owen». lots 21 to 26, block
65 .tame; grant. \u25a0
.Julius C. Rets to Charles H. tooy, lot 31.
block"4, same; grant.
T B Potter Realty* Company to Charts r>*
and Ellen Elliott, lots 11 and 12. block 3T..
same* grunt." •
Pam* lo Edward Ellison, tots 14 and IS,
»blcck 43. *am*; grant. _
\u25a0H. V. Brokaw to B.^E. .^Blount and L. C.
Contioord «a Page 1*
1314
SELMA SUFFERS
BIG FIRE LOSS
Paekiiig-House District Is
Ihirned Over and Property
Worth $100,000 Destroy ed
HAVE A XAKKOW ESCAPE
Two Young Children Stop in
Path of Flames and Are
Blistered by Intense Heat
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SELMA, Oct. 19. — Fire destroyed
$100,000 worth of property in the Selma
packing-house district to-day, burning
to the ground the California Raisin
Growers' packing-house, where 600 tons
of choice grades of raisins were stored.
The growers' company's loss is $60,000;
the Kutner-Goldstein Company, $15,000;
C. Bachtold, $15,000; Southern Pacific,
damage to rolling stock and track,
$2600; Home Packing Company. $2500.
Most of the property destroyed is part
ly covered by insurance.
The fire broke out in the growers'
packing-house office during the absence
of the bookkeeper, who was away but
& few minutes. The safe was open and
the contents were destroyed. Half an
hour later the packing-house district
and the busihess portion of the town
was In danger, but good work by the
Fire Department, aided by citizens, who
formed a bucket brigade, saved the ad-
Joining property. The Southern Pacific
would have been a heavy loser but for
the efforts of citizens, who worked in
the scorching heat running cars from
& siding adjacent to the packing-house.
One ear was burned to the trucks.
Two children, aged 3 and 5 years, a
daughter and son of W. H. Byrne, were
severely burned about the arms and
face by the heat. They were on their
way downtown when the fire broke out
and stopped on the street opposite the
packir.g-house. The heat and confu
eion so terrified them they could do
nothing but press up against a fence
and cry. Although seventy-five feet
from the burning building, their cloth-
Ing was scorched and their tender flesh
terribly burned. Their faces and limbs,
which were more exposed than other
portions of their bodies, were, badly
blistered. Fortunately, their plight
was noticed and they were rescued
from their perilous position by spec
tators.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. It*. — The directors of the
CunarS Steamship Company have appointed
William Wilson, heretofore deputy chairman.
"chairman In succession to Lord Inverclyde, who
<Mcd on October S.
VICTORIA. B. C. Oct. 19. — The steamer
Lyra brings news that the Russian Oovern-
Irient has established a trade route via the
Arctic j>asi>age to the- mouth of the Yenesei to
reinforce tiie trans-Siberian route.
PARIS Oct. 19.— The French and Portu
guese Commissioners have agreed on a delimi
tation of the boundary of the French and
Portuguese possessions on the Guinea Coast
(West Africa) after making mutual conces
sions of territory.
HAVANA. Oct. 19.— The Cardenas and Ju
caro Railroad, the connecting link between the
United Railroads of Havana and the Van
Home system, and which also has a line
across the center of Cuba, has been acquired
by the United Railroads.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 9.— Dr. Charles Keane,
State Veterinarian, announces that the open
season for the shipment of cattle from points
below the quarantine line to points outside of
the same in this State will begin November
1, 1905. and end January 31. 1905.
UKIAH, Oct. lft. — Practically all the wool
in the local warehouse has been sold, the
first lots going last night and the remainder
ihi« morning. The prices were from 16 to 19
cents, the average beinc aftout 17% cents.
About 600 bales changed hinds.
EFFECT OF REDUCTION'
OF THE DUTY OS TEA
All London Ready at the Hour to Re
plenish Stocks at Reduced
Rates.
Upon the stroke of midnight recently
the i eduction in the tea duty of two
pence in the pound took effect, and every
possible agency was engaged by eager
merchants in the effort to supply the
requirements of their customers In all
parts of the United Kingdom. In the
neighborhood of the bonded warehouses,
In which the tea was under the Custom
house lock and key until the first hour
of July 1, the scene from sundown until
late in the morning was unique. Every
tea dealer had restricted his orders for
weeks past with a view to releasing no
more tea from bond than he could avoid
until he could take it at-the reduced duty
of 6d per pound instead of Sd. As a
result, the merchants were deluged with
orders for July 1, and had to engage
every available van for cartage, com
mencing with tue first stroke after mid
night. To secure precedence and early
loading, the vans were ordered for early
in the afternoon, and by 8 o'clock
railway and private vehicles were assem
bling at Nicholson's wharf, although
notice had been given that the ware
house would not be opened until 6 a. m.,
\u25a0o that there would be a ten hours' wait
for the earliest arrivals.
But the chief scenes were to be wit
nessed at Butler's wharf, on the south
eide of the Thames, where as early as
4 o'clock in the afternoon the first
of the vans booked their turn. Gradually
the number of vehicles In attendance In
creased, until several hundreds were in
attendance In Shad Thames, and In ad
jacent thoroughfares.
The news had spread among the great
army of the unemployed and partially
employed that work might be found in
the neighborhood of the tea warehouses,
and they assembled In thousands, almost
begging for employment. Only a per
centage were required, however, and the
rejected hung around— a discontented, un
happy mass of disappointeds, bitterly
complaining of their ill-fortune.
When midnight chimed there was an
eager rush of would-be drawers of tea.
and then followed a sometimes bitter,
sometimes humorous, chorus of com
plaint from those unable to obtain early
supplies. Inside the warehouses the or
ganization was complete, and without
apparent haste, but with great speed,
van after van received its load of forty
or more cases until over 3500 vehicles be
longing to contractors and railway com
panies had taken on board some twelve
or fifteen million pounds of tea to be
circulated by the early newspaper trains
and by road to the anxious retailers
The oldest men in the tea service de
clared the scene to be unique, and all
were anxious for the end.
There was an unprecedented rush to
clear supplies at Glasgow Customs, and
officials were in attendance from 3 o'clock
in the morning. The transit sheds of ship
ping and railway companies ' were tem
porarily converted into bonded ware
houses.—Westminster Gazette.
WOMAN FALLS DOWN STAlRS.— Catherine
I.#w-Ij=. who lives at 133 Perry street, tripped
as sh«? was coming down a flight of steps yes
terday and she fell. She suffered many in
juries of the face and boey which are likely to
prove fataly. She was treated at the Emer
gency Hospital.
WANTS TWO BOXING PERMITS.— The
Tosemite Club yesterday filed two petitions for
permits to hold professional boxing exhibitions
*w<n« November and December.
AN APPOINTMENT
WHICH PLEASES
Captain Charles K.MeKiii
' stry Is Now Chief of the
12th Lighthouse District
EAENS HIS PHOMOTION
Native Californian (riven
One of the- Highest Posts
in the War Department
The announcement that Captain
Charles K. McKinstry of the United
States Corps of Engineers has been ap
pointed successor to Colonel James It.
Handbury, retired, as division engineer
of Pacific Coast fortification works and
chief engineer of Twelfth District
Lighthouse Department, with head-
Quarters in this city, is received with
agreeable surprise by the large circle
of friends of the McKinstry family as
well as by the army set among whom
Captain McKinstry is extremely popu
lar.
Heretofore the office of chief of the
Twelfth Lighthouse District has been
filled by officers ranking in the higher
grades, and the appointment of Captain
McKinstry is regarded as an acknowl
edgment of special fitness, as the post
is considered one of peculiar responsi
bility and exceeded in importance by
but two others on the Atlantic Coast.
Captain McKinstry is a son of the
late Chief Justice McKinstry and a
brother of the well-known attorney, J.
C McKinstry, and was born and bred in
this city. He is a graduate of West
Point, class of '&&, and since has served
with uninterrupted distinction.
During the Spanish War he was in
charge of the fortifications at Pensa
cola and later served on special duty at
Washington, D. C. Transferred to Loa
Angeles, he has had charge of ths for
tifications and* Government improve
ments in Southern California, and to
his energy the rapid progress being
made upon the great breakwater of San
Pedro is credited. Captain McKinstry is
first on the list in the United States
army and in January next will bt- pro
moted to major.
The new chief is expected to arrive
in the city to-morrow and take imme
diate charge. Colonel Handbury will
return East as soon as his successor
arrives, and, with Mrs. Handbury, will
make an extensive tour of Europe as
soon as his private affairs will permit.
XEW JEUSEV TOW.V
INSTITUTES REFORM
Can't "Chase the Duck" Any More
Xor "Carrry the
East Orange has sounded the death
knell of the "growler," and no morn may
convivial residents of this city resurt to
the pleasant pastime of "rushin" the
growler," "chasm" de duck" or "carryin*
the mall," as has been styled the t.ct ot
carrying a can of beer from a saloon to
the point where It will do the most gjod.
Temperance workers, the vt.rioua
church societies and the Board of Excise
have all deliberated upon the can trade
problem and how it could be brok«3 up,
but no solution was ever reached. A lit
tle while ago the proposition was submit
ted to City Attorney Jerome Dudley Ged
ney, and he solved it in a jiffy; in fact,
Mr. Gedney did it in about a minute after
he had read the excise regulations. Li
censes are issued which allow the drink
ing of unlimited liquor on the saloon
premises, but the keeper may not sell
more than a quart to be drunk oiT the
premises.
When the can customer goes to the
saloon for his "pint" he always receives
more than a quart, and in Mr. Gedney's
opinion no holder of a saloon .license may
sell ale or beer in quantities of more than
one quart, except to be drunk on the
premises. This will shrink the "pints" to
such limited proportions that it is figured
they will cease to become popular and
their purchase will discontinue.
In connection with this it has been pro
posed to equip the members of the police
force with pretty, polished quart meas
ures in order that they may stop persons
"carrying the mail," to see if the can con
tains more than a quart of beer or ale.
In doing this it would be necessary for
the officer to establish beyond all doubt
that the contents of the pail were either
beer or ale, and on the hot nights when
the can trade is brisk this is expected to
be a pleasant and conscientiously ob
served duty.— New Tork Tribune.
Kansas and Her Abundance.
What a wonderful State is Kansas and
what a remarkable history she has. Only
a short time ago she was harvesting a
record-breaking wheat crop and scouring
the country for hands. The search ex
tended as far as New ~Jk>rk and even col
lege boys were induced to take a ;ob.
Wages were put at the top notch and the
"keep" during the engagement was of
the best. As prices were good the faim
ers must all have grown fat. And now,
a month or two later, comes this story
from Topeka: "Kansas farmers will in
a few days begin harvesting the most
valuable corn crop ever grown In the
State. The lowest estimate of the yield
is 250,000,000 bushels, wkile corn experts
say It will go 25,000,000 bushels above that
figure. At the present price the corn
crop will net the farmers of Kansas $T5,
000,000. The Kansas banks are loaded
with money and farmers are buying au
tomobiles and modernizing their homes."
—Washington Star.
Publicity as to Campaign Account*.
Less money, cleaner money, money
more easily traced from source to final
use^ — that will be the goal of a winning
movement for the purification of cam
paigns and the uplifting of politics.
Publicity is the road to reform. Light
will banish the miasma of bribery and
burn away the swamp vapors of
"graft." The way to get results is to
enforce the publication of campaign ac
counts. Committees must be made to
show where they get their funds, how
much they receive, what they spend
and for what purpose. In the last
analysis it is as proper a subject for
publicity as the transactions of the.na
tional government. — Cleveland Leader.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, October 19.
Sohr Santiago, Larsen, 12 hours from Mon
terey, In tow of tUX Defiance.
Tug Defiance, James, 12 hours from Mon
terey, with schr Santiago in tow.
SAILED.
\u25a0 Thursday. October 19.
Stmr Newsboy, Johnson, Hardy C?reek.
Ger ftmr Anubls, Reimers, Seattle and Ta
coma.
ISLAND PORT.
HlLO— Sailed Oct 14— Stmr Enterprise, for
San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Oct 19— Stmr Hay
erford. for Philadelphia; stmr Oceanic, -for New
York. ' .
LONDON— Arrived Oct 19— Stmr Anglian,
from Breton. £9y3s
GENOA —^Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Citta dl To
rino, from New York.
Sailed Oct 17 — Stmr Lombard!, for New
York. \u25a0
ANTWERP — Arrived Oct 18— Stmr Vader
land, from New York.
Sailed Oct IS— Stmr Main, for New York.
Oct 1ft — Stmr Menomlnee, for Boston and Phil
adelphia.
NAPLES — Arrived Oct 19— 6tmr Koenigen-
Albert, from New York for * Genoa and pro
ceeded.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Oct 19— Stmr Bava
rian, for Montreal: stmr Ottawa, far Uantrua.
THE SANi FRANCISCO : GALL,v .FRIDAY, OCTO BER 20, 1905.
REPARING AN
OCEAN CABLE
Off the Newfoundland Banks
the Work Is Most Hazard
ous • and Often Expensive
VEATHEE ALWAYS BAD
One of (Jreat Difficulties
Is Always Present Danger
of Fishing Up Eival Line
Fifteen cables stretch across the bed
of the Atlantic and. though four o€ them
are "dead" they still enter into all the
calculations of the repairers, because in
the region of the Grand Banks, where
several lines are laid near or : over each
other, a mistake in judgment may mean
bringing to the surface a "dead" cable
or one belonging . to , another company
which Is undamaged and very much
"alive," as the unlucky skipper will learn
when he reaches port and finds awaiting
him a red-hot protest from the people
whose line he had interfered with and,
sometimes, rendered temporarily useless.
This arises from the fact that* ln splic
ing the cable after cutting it— for it must
be cut by a mechanical grapnel, and one
end gripped by it and brought to the
surface, as the strain would otherwise
cause it to break on the grapnel and both
ends be lost — the splicing may be badly
done and the. line cease to work; and
this he cannot know till he returns to
port, because the splicing and insulating
of the cable shut him off from any
knowledge of its condition.
MAY BREAK OTHER CABLES.
If. he finds on making harbor that it Is
not working he must go out and . seek
for it again to make a better job of it,
and, in the endeavor to accomplish this,
may work mishap to another cable or
more than one, until the whole fra
ternity of cable operators on both , sides
of the ocean are crying for his blood by
the few electric conduits that remain un
injured.
It may not be generally known that It
is possible to locate from a cable office
on shore the break in mid-ocean to with
in half a mile of the exact spot. This is
ascertained through the fact that the
sensitive instruments used record the
"resistance" of the cable when working
properly and also the "resistance" of the
portion between the office and the break,
so it is simply a matter of calculation to
Inform the skipper of the repair ship that
the break Is 1142 miles from New York,
Boston, Halifax or St. Johns, as the case
may be.
The ship then sails for that locality, his
reckoning discloses to the captain when
he is near the scene, the chart on which
the route of the cable was plotted when
It was originally laid enables him to dis
cover its approximate latitude and longi
tude in that area, and thus fortified "he
usually brings it to the surface at the
first cast of the grapnel. Then his elec
tricians connect the exposed "nerve"
with their instruments and "call" the
station they have left.
OTHER EXD PICKED UP.
If It answers they know that half of
the line is in good order, and pealing up
the end they buoy it on the water and go
in the other direction till they think they
have overshot the break, when the ship
makes another cast of her grapnel and
hooks the other section.
This is then hauled up, connected as
before, the other shore station is "called"
and if it responds a. new section -of ''cable
is spliced to that end, and paying out as
she goes the ship returns to the end she
has buoyed, makes another splice of the
new end with that and lowers the pre
sumably -perfected cable back into its
ocean bed.
Nor is the repairing aa [quickly or easily
accomplished always as in the above ex
ample, when everything goes favorably.
Often storms arise, drive the ship from
her course, tear the buoys from the ends
they are fastened to and compel. the whole
work to be done over again.
In midwinter these conditions are felt
at their worst. The ship becomes thickly
encrusted with Ice, it is difficult to ma
neuver her and doubly so to deal with a
cable on bow or stern when the roll of the
seas threaten to fracture it again. The
launching of boats with men in them to
buoy a loose end is positively hazardous.
FIGHTIA'G THE HURRICANES.
From these causes occasionally cable
ships get short of coal and have to aban
don work at the most critical periods and
bear up for port, or they are enmeshed
among the Ice floes or bergs and have to
let go all and retreat, or the storms crip
ple them In their machinery or deck gear
and a like result ensues. The fierce hur
ricanes which scourge the North Atlantic
every winter try the merits of marine
material as nothing else can, and the
storms these cable ships have to endure
at this season are such that only the
stanchest fabrics could withstand.
Some serious and costly failures to ef
fect cable repairs have occurred on the
Grand Banks. One instance Is recorded of
a break which cost 116 days and $375,000
to make good; another occupied eighty
seven days and cost $230,000, and a third
eighty-one days and almost a similar sum.
It takes fully twenty-four hours to grap
ple and lift a cable from 2000 fathoms of
water, and as the strain caused by the
ship pitching often causes a , new break
it is easily seen that the existence of fine
weather is essential to success.
The maintenance of a cable ship costs
$1500 a day, exclusive of the cost, of the
cable which has to be used to make the
splice, which in some cases runs from
150 to 800 miles, according to the luck in
the weather and making connections, and,
at the figure of $750 to $1000 a mile,, which
deep sea cables are worth, it is not,diffi
cult to estimate the amount that a com
pany will drop In a repairing venture un
attended with good luck. \u25a0' •;/ "
OXB JOB COST «800,000.
What stands alone In cable repairing
annals is the extraordinary case , of the
1874 line "which, owing to a* series of unfor
tunate mishaps," occupied more than* a
year and , cost almost $500,000, or about
one-fourth of its original cost. Ordinarily,
however, it is estimated that the repairs
of every working Atlantic cable cost $40,
000 a year. After thirty years a cable de
teriorates, so fronti natural causes, that -It
becomes cheaper to lay a new one than
to repair that In, use.
In the earlier days of submarine telegra
phy It was found "necessary to abandon
50 per cent of the deep sea" cables within
.twelve years of their being laid. It has
been found possible to j construct j cables
so as to lengthen their existence,consid
erably, and when cables "break in their
early. years, in waters where icebergs,
trawlers' anchors, = seismic •- disturbances
and kindred 1 causes are not possible, their
fracturing is due to their being badly, laid,
sections being suspended over irregularly
ties of the bottom and breaking apart
from abrasions due to the currents acting
thereon. v ; •\u25a0
A few years ago an "Atlantic cable, was
repaired twice In the same winter, though
only four years '. old, - the! trouble on- both
occasions being due ; to ; this \ cause. Two
years back two other: cables were
in deeper water: and s seismic action '•' was
eal'd \u25a0 to be . the "cause, ..but ; the ; men!; who
made; the" repairs were satisfied that the
mishaps were due to bad laying of these
lines. *
The greatest ; of midwinter ., repairs .was
made In the last season 'at'a depth' of just
2600 fathoms— two' and "six-tenths \ nautical
miles. This j had % occupied ;" one > ship " : , for,
four months ; without \ success/;' arid v later
another shin scent :• a similar period \ In" a
HERALDIC SINGS
AMONG INDIANS
Painted Figures on the Face
Have Special Meaning 1 Like
Armorial Bearings of Old
EASY TO UNDERSTAND
Copper Bed on Lips Showed
Wealth in Mines, Pearl Disk
Implied DescentFromMoon
"People in * general .have been content
to look , upon ! the Indian's adornment of
his head with eagle feathers and his face
with- paint as marks of personal decora
tion, ; inspired by vanity and a savage
taste! -different only in degree from; what
is sometimes * witnessed among highly
civilized peoples," remarked a scientist of
the bureau of ethnology. "But the fact
Is," he continued, "that In . reference to
the latter, custom, for instance, every
paint mark on an Indian's face has a
sort of heraldic meaning, implying not
only the honors won by the brave in
person, but representing also the claims
of his family and race to distinction. In
other words, what Is shown among more
cultured communities by coats of arms;
orders and decorations is depicted by, th*
Indian on his face by means of pigments.
DESCENT . FROM THE 3 MOON.
'.'Scientists of this bureau are now en
gaged, among other- novel investigations
concerning the North American Indian,
in compiling a record of the ' armorial,
or. rather, facial, bearings of certain cel
ebrated chiefs and it is found to be fas
cinating work. One renowned warrior,
for instance, will have his lip painted a
copper red. This is found to indicate
that his tribe was once in possession of
huge mines of copper, i
"Another . individual will have his* fore
head adorned with a painting of a certain
fish, thus implying that he or his people
are renowned for prowess in catching
fish. The same distinguished person
sometimes wears a disk of .pearl in adV
dltion to his paint mask. This by its
shimmering radiance and its form implies
that he is descended . from the moon in
the sense that the goddess of night is one
of his ancestors.
"The fact that the Indian artist has no
cenception of perspective, seriously han
dicaps the success of his pictorial efforts.
Ind-eed, the Indian limner merely aims
to show the most characteristic portion
of the object he attempts to depict, un
less he be a man of unusual attainment's,
in which case he divides and dissects the
subject of his picture and represents the
whole by its parts, the latter being 1 ar
ranged entirely irrespective of the nat
ural sequence, so that properly to under
stand a natlv« Indian picture would re
quire a course in a specialized branch of
art criticism. :: J •:*-?;
"The exceedingly arbitrary methods of
the Indian artist render it difficult, if not
wholly impossible, for any but an expert
to interpret the meanings of the pictorial
representations.
DEPART FROM NATURE.
"Thus, the animal's ears are invaria
bly depicted above the eyes on the human
subject, the cars of the beaver being
just above the eyebrows. On the cheeks
are , painted the paws In a position as
if they were raised to the mouth in the
manner conventional in Indian carv
ings.
"The dogfish painted in red on" the face
designates the members of an entire
tribe. -On the foreheads of the members
of this tribe is painted the long, thin
snout; the gills are represented by two
curved lines below the eyes, while the
tall is shown as cut in two and hanging
from each nostril. Only one or two parts
of an animal painted on an Indian's face
indicates that he is of inferior position;
the entire symbol, no matter In what
form presented, is significant of lofty sta
tion and high honors.
"This facial heraldry of the Indians
may be said to be unique not alone in
the method of representation employed,
but in the subjects selected. These lat
ter include fish, flesh and fowl of all
descriptions — dog salmon, devilfish,
starfish, woodpeckers, ravens, eagles,
bears, wolves and frogs are. comprised
in the armorial gallery.
"Every object represented has its own
particular significance „- and one of the
most peculiar phases of face- painting re
lates to the employment of. forms other
than animal — tools, implements of the
chase, of war, denoting the occupation of
the individual or his tribe, etc."
Alphabetical Cemetery.
The Necropolia Cemetery, Glasgow, as
originally planned, contained almost ex
actly twenty-four - acres available for
burials, and it was suggested that each
division of one acre should be named
after a letter of the Greek alphabet,
which contained : twenty-four characters.
For various reasons this idea has not been
fully carried out, but- fifteen -sections of
the cemetery have been so named from
alpha to omega, the monosyllable letters
between these being omitted. The names
have not been applied Jin any particular
sequence, but with the aid of a small map
they are useful in locating any particular
epot in what la now one of the most
densely filled graveyards in the kingdom.
— Parson's Weekly. .
futile endeavor to repair a second cable,
these two vessels costing $300,000 for, ships
alone, besides the value of cables required
to replace that destroyed In the efforts
to recover them.: .. ; \->^\\-
' One repaired a few years ago required
27S miles of cable. In another the experi
ment was made" of using 800 miles of ca
ble armored ., only with ' manila : rope, In
stead of steel wire and it proved a com
plete ! failure. Some ; years before two at
tempts were | made -to repair one of the
earlier Atlantic cables anfl one prolonged
attempt; to make good another,, but after
more than n.000,000 had been spent In! the
futile task both cables were abandoned.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 15.
1000 Blue Bull ... 08 300 Mont T0n.. .2 42%
100 Bullfrog Ex. 35 1300 Mont .Ton . .".2 4U
100 Cent Eureka. 1 45 500 Mont T0n,b00.2 50
1000 C-Eureka.b9o.l;.'iB 500 Mont Ton. :.2 37%
500 Den-Blfg, «5 32 500 Mont T0n,b10.2 40
35PK) Dixie .......' 10 SIOO North .Star. ... 40
Eclipse, s'lo 39 j 400 North Star.. . 47
1000 Empire ... .. < 0G\ 2500 Ohio Ton . ... 25
1000 Esperanza ..01 2000 Red Top.-s 10; b2
3000 Gold Bar ... 29 IOOO.Red :Top ,;•..'. ;62
1000 Gold Bar ... 28 1000 Rocco Hmstk. J 80
1000 H0mer..".::... 09 UOO St Ives^ :...., 14
1-000 Jim Butler. . 6412000 Home Con, b9o 09
8000 Jumbo Ex . . " 22| 600 Ton Mid way.. 140
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. /' .
; - Tonopah District. \_ t
Bid. Ask; ' ' ; . Bid. Ask.
Belmont ....I 40.1-45 Lucky Tom... 05
Bclmont Ex.. — 1- MacNamara.l ' . 34 35
Boston Ton : . 11 Ul.U 1 . Midway :\u25a0 ... : . 1371 40
Brgr-s JB Ex — • 10 MlzpahEx ". . 11 13
California ... 05. 09 Mont Ton -.;. 2 37,2 40
\u25a0Cash' Boy :; 14 -IB Mon \u25a0 Pttsburg.;— . -18
"Colehan .....— 10 Monitor : ..*.V. 02 0.1
Eula Con \u25a0.".." '\u25a0'\u25a0 — ', 17 N'.Yi.Ton'Con 15 17
Gold Anchor. V 84 • 87 North Star...;, 40 -\u25a0. 47
Golden -Gate. OS Ohio Ton ....".»• 24 . . 26
Gold-Mt T... U '13 Red Rock »Ex-. — 35
GoldMt Con— 01 Rescue .:.... 06' 03
Great .Westrn 0." • 04, Ton :. Exten . . 6.75 COO
, Ind "Tonopah." — V ' 01 j Ton : Hme ; Con ." 05 07
Home : . . . . . . 08 '09 TonSlv .& \u25a0 Gld . 15 —
Jim , Buti£r..r 6t(is Toniof ! Nev.l2.7f> 13 00 :
J^Butler.Ex. — '17 Virginia v..... 10 :'—
Little Ton :.2 00 250 West End, ... 94 08
: - .'Goldfleld: District: • : '
Adams :. . ."• • 03 04| Great : Bend : . U — (*~
Atlanta..... 10 11! Highland .:..— 20
Aurora ..... 06 09 1 Jumbo M* Co. W 75
Blacks Ants.. .— 04 Jumbo Ex ... ,21 22
Black - Butte. 14 ~16 Juno . . . • ,— 01
Blk : Btte Ex. — 02 Kendall . .'. . . 18 19
Black Rock.. — 02 Kendall Ex .. — 02
Blue Bell ... 04 03 Lone Star ... .07 08
Blue Bull ... 07 OS Lucky Star .. — 04
Brooklyn ..: 01 02! May Queen ..15 1<
Btte Goldfleld — 33 Mohawk ......12 13
Bull & Bear."-? 02 03 1 Nevada* 80y. ., IS 15
Booth M Co. 05 ' \u25a0\u25a0'— Nev Goldfleld. IS 20
•C0D.:... 40 50 Nev Southern. — 11
Columbia ... 15 18 Oakes .. •• — -10
Conqueror .. 13 15 1 Oakland^ 1 ..... — 1°
Diamond .... — 15 Oro .......... — O5
Diamondfleld. 20 23t Pennsylvania. 01 02
Dmdfld Tm^l — "10 Red Lion 02 C 3
Dominion :—: — C 6 Potlatch — 08
Dixie ..:...: oi> 11 Red Toft ...."\u25a0« «
Empire ..... 05 08 Red Top Ex. 02 O3
Exploitation. — 04 Sandstorm ... 48 50
i Fawn ....... 05— Sandstorm Ex OS —
Florence '....2 50 400 Sherman .... — 25
Frisco ...... — , 08 1 Silver Pick...' 0; 09
Gold Duct •\u25a0\u25a0'..'\u25a0 — 07 Simmerone .. — *0
Gold Hill ... _, 04 St Ives 13 14
Goldfield Mln 57 58 Treasure . 04 —
Gld& G Reed — lOVerde — O 3
Gldfld Rand. 05 06 Vernal ....... 03 05
Goldfleld Ton .— ;} C 5 Wonder ..... — 02
Bullfrog District. : "^; .
Amargosa ... OS 10! Gold Bar . . .'. 2S 29
-Amethyst ... , — 15 Gldfld Bullfrgr — 10
Bullfrog. 12 —I LJge Harris.. 02 C 3
.Bonnl* Clare 65" —I Mont Bullfrog 02 03
Bullfrog Mm 47 49|Or!g Bullfrog. 20 22
Bullfrog- Anx 02 04 Pilot .... 20 —
Bullfrog Com 06 — Red Dog . 08 12
Bullfrog Ex. 33 — San Francisco 17 19
Blfrg Bundle 10 — Shoshone .... — 10
Blfrg Jumper 10 — | Shoshn B Gld — 25
Bullfg N Bk 14 lesteinway 14 16
Den Bullfrog -31 33 Ventura 11 13
Dn Blfg Anx " 05 : 06 Vista Grande. 'C 5
Eclipse .:... 38 '39 Wolverine ... 05 .10
. Other Districts.
- Brown Hope. — 14 Paymaster ... 01 02
Congress* .... 16 — Ray & O'Brien 06 07
Esperanza . . — 01 Rocco Hmstk. 80 81
Gold Reer M 15 — Rothwoll .... — 26
Gold Quartz. \ B2 — Sliver Peak . . — 17
\u25a0 Kawich &B. — 13 Southwestern. — 25
Kawich King — Oljsylvania .... 09 15
Kawch MCo 06 ODiTokop Con ... 02 —
Lid a Hawk.. — 50|
"tonopah mining exchange.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday :
9:30 a. m.- Session.
1000 MacNamara.. 34] 200 Sierra N»v ..87
100 Ophir 5 87%|
11 a. m. Session.
500 Belcher ..... 33| 300 Mexican ...127^
100 Cent Eureka. l 45| 100 Mexican ...Y.l 30
\u25a0200 Con Va M...1 BUi 600. Mont Ton ...2 45
1000 Diamondfleld. 2211000 Orlg Bullfrog. 21
3000 Dixie ....... 10 5000 Pa Goldfleld. .o2%
1000 Eclipse ..... 3011000 Rescue '\u25a0-..... 07H
TOO Gldfld M, blO' 57 100 Sierra Nev .. 37
000 MacNamara.. 35 100 Ton Belmont.. l 40
300 MacNamara.. 36; 500 Ton N Star.. 47
2 p. m. Session.
2500 Blue 8e11... 05 2500 Ohio 25
300 Con Va M.I 82M> 200 Ophir ...:.. 5 87%
100 Con Va M...1 83 12,000 Pa Gldfleld.ol%
1500 Eclipse . 38 400 Potoal .16
500 Goldfleld Mm 57 ICOO Red Top .... 62
1000 Home b 90.. 10 500 Rescue ...... 07
2500 Hme Con. b6O 09 300 Ton Mid way.. 1 40
10C0 MacNamara.. 35 1700 Ton N Star.. 47
500 Mnt Tn.b10.2 42% 200 Union Con \u0084 57
200 Mont Ton!. 2 42% 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Comstocks.
Bld.Ask.l : Bld.Ask.
Alpha ....... 11 13|Julla 09 —
Alta — 05|Justlce — 04
Andes 28 29:Kentuck — 02
Belcher 30 31 Lady Wash. .: — 04
Best & BeK.l 55 — Mexican 1 SO 1 40
Bullion ..... 38 — Occidental ... 87 91
Caledonia ... 45 46 Ophir 6 87% 6CO
Challenge ... 18 — Overman .... 12 —
Chollar . 15 — Potosl 15 —
Confidence .. 78 — Savage ...... 54 56
Con Va M...1 80 — Seg B«lcher.. 05 —
Con Imperial — 02 Scorpion ..... 14 —
Con NY — 04 Sierra Nev ..85 —
Crown Point. •08 10 Silver Hill . . 92 —
Exchequer . . 52 ' — St Louis .... — 11
E Sierra Nev — O4 Union Con ..55 —
Gould & Cur. 27 —'Utah 05 06
Hale & N\>rc.l 25 1 30| Yellow Jacket 24_ 2tJ
Tonopah District.
Belmont 1 37% — Midway. 1 37% 1 42%
California ... 07 — Mlzpah Ex .. 10 12
Cash Boy \u0084. 15 17 Mont Ton 2 37% 2 42%
Colehan — 10! N V Ton Con 20 21
Gold Anchor. 86 100 North Star. . . 45 —
Great Westrn 03%04|0hi0. — 80
Home ...... 08 10; Paymaster ... 01% 02
Home Con . . — CB| Rescue 06% 07
Ind Tohopah.oo% 01%!S Nev Dev... — 10
Jim Butler.. 62 — |Ton Bxten ..5 75 —
Little Ton . . — . 3 00 Ton of Nev.l2 50 13 25
Lucky Tom.. — 17 United Ton .. 18
MacNamara.. S3 35 West End ... —1 10
> Goldfield . District.
Adams 03 — I Jumbo M Co. 70 —
Austin ...... — 31 1 Jumbo Ex ... — 25
Black Butte. 12 —Kendall 18 20
Blk Btte Ex. — 03%! Lone Star ... 00 —
Black Rock.. — 031 May Queen .. 16 —
Blue Bell ... — 05, Mohawk . 15 —
Blue Bull ... — .15 Nev Goldfleld. 16 26
Brooklyn ... 02, 05 Oakes — 10
Columbia Mt 18 — I Oro — 05
Diamond .... — 15 P a Goldfleld.. 01 01% !
Diamondfleld. 26 — Red Lion 02 03
Dixie-.. . 10 11 Red Top 60 64
Frisco — 10 Red Top Ex. 00% —
Exploitation. — 03 St Ives 13 14
Gldfld G Dst — 08 Sand6torm ....47 CO
Gld& G Reed 11 — Sandstorm Ex OS —
Gldfld L Star — 08| Silver Pick... 09 10
.Goldfleld Nev 55 59' Simmerone .•. • • — 25
Great Bend . . 03 ' — | Vernal 05 —
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... 01 j 021 Lige Harris.. 01% —
Beatty \ Blfrg — 05 Mont »ullfrog 01 04
Bullfrogs Anx — . 06 Orig Bullfrog. 20 23
Bullfrg Belle — 07 Shoehone — 12
Bullfrog Mln — 55 Vista Grande. — 15
Bullfg N Bk 15 . 17 Wolverine ... — 11
Eclipse — 39;
Other Districts.
Brown Hope. — 101 Pine ' Grove .. 20 25
Esperanza . . 00% 01 Ray & O'Brien 05 —
Free G01d... — Rothwoll .... 24 25
Gold Mt Con — 02 Silver Peak... — . 21
Kawich Gold. — 04 Ton Berkeley. — 02
Nev Sunshine 15 — Ton Gold Mt. — 13
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Continued from I'nce Thirteen.
Bnewold, \u25a0 lot on -N line of Tenth avenue, 120
W of X street, W 130 by N 100, block 186,
Central Park Homestead Association ; $10.
Jacob ' Heyman Company to August Blawat,
lot.on N'B line of Glrard street, 205 SE of
Ward. SE 75. NE V 104:5%. N 75:7%. 8W
114:3%; $10.
Bessie or Betsy and Isaac Harris, Abraham
and Max Gartenberg ' and Henrietta Fishel to
Alfred D. Bowen, • lot on B line of Head
street, 250 N of Palmetto. N 50 by E 100, lots
15 and 16, block 51, City Land Association; 110.
Eva Morris to Christina and Edward Parker,
lot on E line of Paris street. 50 N of Persia.
N 25 by E 100, block 1, Excelsior Homestead;
$l«00. \u25a0 :
Bay Shore Real Estate Company to Sarah
Doherty, lots 3S and 30. block 44, lots 1 and
2. block. so. Rels Tract; grant.
William and \u25a0 Rose , H. Ruddy to same, lot
on N line of East Park, 210 W of Laurel ave
nue. W 50. E 50, S 100, lots 11 and 12, block
6, Holly Park; JlO. . .-.\u25a0-.
Julius C. Keis to John Webster, lot 2, block
7, Reis Tract; grant.
Louis ;Juri to Henry, Juri, lot on NE line
of Bauer utreet, 150 NW of Mission road. NW
50 by NE 100, lot 20. block 2, Academy Tract;
$10.
Andrew and Louise ; Frel to Margaret I.
Bowman, lot on W line of Vaaoalborow street,
247:4 S of Sunnydale avenue, N 25 by W
105:5; $10.
Josephine M. Wardell to Catherine Handley,
lot on 8 line of Virginia avenue, SO W :of
California street, W 20 by S 60, \ lot 41, Godeus
Map !of Precita Valley ; $10. '
Catherine Handley to ' Josephine M. Wardell.
lot on -. S line 7 of Virginia, avenue. 60 W of
California avenue, W 20 by S (JO, lot 42, same;
gift.' •-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-' - \u25a0".\u25a0•-;• > :
Jacob Heyman Company : to John A. Lawn,
lot on \u25a0 S line of West avenue, 50 W of Patton
street, W 25.- S 107, E 25.; N 101. block 81,
Holly Park;; s- — .
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to John
Welchhardt,' lot in cemetery: $45.
Julius C. Reis to E-'Chalopln. lots 28 and
29, ) block 63, \u25a0'. Reie Tract: grant.
Lone /Mountain Cemetery et al. to Helen M.
•Hark'r, lot on cemetery; $102. 'HQtUHMjffl
Helen M. Stanford (Bark) to Julius O. Mack,
tame: $10. ::"
Builder*' > Contracts.
Lewis E. and Mary " White (owners) with
Richmond Home Building and Construction
Company (contractors) architect — AH work
for a: one and a half story frome cottage on
lot on S : line of A street. ,95 W of Fifth
avenue. W 25 by S 100: $2400.
H. B: Underhill Jr. (owner) with E. T. Lel
ter (contractor). - architect Edgar A. Mathews — '\u25a0
AU work I for • a three-story frame building on
lot on'N line of Vallejo street. 4SO E of Baker,
E GO by N137:6; $15,100.
, Frthk ) Button j (owner) \u25a0 with Carson ; &. But
ton (contractors) architect— All work for a
two-story .frame building on lot on \u25a0 S line of
California street South, 57:6 = E of Fifth ave
nue, E2sby S 100; $2(500. .
Charles H. Brown, (owner) with Ira W. Co
burn (contractor), architects O'Brien and Wer
ner — All work except grading, gas fixtures and
shades for a two-story-: brick theater building
and three-,story frame building on lot on . SW
corner *of Capp and ' Sixteenth \u25a0 streets, W SO
by, 3.05:2%; $33,188. .
: .i- Emma -O., Butler (owner) with Colusa. Sand
stone ; Company i (contractors). \u25a0 architects ? Reid
Bros.— Cut - ; stone .-\u25a0 and granite work for a
nine-story. building, > Newman & Levinson build
ing on lot ! on ! SW corner '.of Geary and Stock
ton' streets. W. 137:6 by S 137:6; $56,060.
"-s : Same owner, with . same i contractors and ar
chitects;, same cleaning = and pointing of- cut
stone ; and . granite - work " for same on same ;
: $1500.- '•=• . '\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 v .•\u25a0•',: -\u25a0•' \u25a0 •\u25a0'. \u25a0; \u25a0•"\u25a0
- , Alameda" County. :'_'
; '• WEDNESDAY,- OCTOBER 18
Henry Brace to Annie M. Dodge, lot on SW
corner ; of .Market and Plumas streets,- S 90 bj
W, 120,' lots 14 and 15, block B, ; Alpine Tract,
Oakland;. slo. \u25a0.-•; ..--.vf - .: : . ; .
\u25a0"i 4 Charles W. \u25a0 and Harriet B. 1 Burton (Page) to
Cynthiaf A.-£Dutton,V lots 75 ; and \u25a0\u25a0,76,% block ', IS,
n« w ? town ! of | Lynn,i also \ bein* I came '\u25a0 lots 17.
block L, revised map portion Lynn Homestead
adjoining Highland Park, deed made to correct
error in deed of April 6, 1903, name grantor,
etc.. East Oakland: $10.
•Piedmont Building Association ta corpora
tion) to W. F. Lamme. lots 1 and 2. block B,
Huntbon Tract. Oakland Township; also agree-,
ment fas to abandonment of Blair avenue be
tween Bonita and Hillside avenues and waiver
of rights to same, Oakland Township; also por
tion of block C which Mas NE of SW boundary
line of lots 1. 2 and 3 ' block B. Huntoon Tract,
produced NW in straight line to S line of- Blair
avenue as per map Central Piedmont Tract.
Oakland Township; $10.
The Realty Syndicate to O. H. Buckman
(married), lot 5, block 10 Mathewa Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Same to same, lot 5, block 6, same, Berke
ley; $10.
Henrietta Parke (single) to F. F. Carius. lot
on S line of Alcatraz avenue, 93.05 W of Ida
ho . street. W 40 by S 108, lot 13. block. 10.
Herzog Tract, Golden Gate, Berkeley; $10.
John M. and Elenora S. Scotchler and F. J
and •Winnie Solinsky to Christopher H. Runde,
lot on E line of Shattuck avenue as same now
exists under deed from John J. Scotchler et al.
to : town of Berkeley, February 6. 1891. 42tf
D. 277, 180 N from N line of Vine street. N
30 by E 90. being E 90 feet of lot 14. block
4, map resubdlvlslon of blocks 3 and 4, An
tlsell Tract, Berkeley; $10. .
Zora A. - Browne (widow) to Manraretta «G.
Black : (widow). lot« 60 and 61 t map 2, Mitch
ell Tract. Oakland; $10.
H. H. and Mary E. Buhring to William M.
Butters Jr.. undivided half of lot on W line of
Waverly street, 109:6 S of Elm or Twenty
fourth, S 50 by W 125, lot 12, block 2257. map
portion Lynn Homestead, adjoining Highland
Park. Oakland; $10.
Alvan \u25a0E. and Mary C. Small to Roosevelt
Johnson (married), lots 13 to 19, block 35.
Mathews Tract. Berkeley: $10.
George E. aad Ena Hutchison to Edward
A. • Van Wynen. lot on W line of Louisa street.
275 N of Virginia. N 87:6 by W 135. being N
25 feat of lot 7 and S 12:6 of lot 6, block B,
Eureka Homestead/ Berkeley; $10.
Samuel H. Mitchell to Elizabeth E. Mitchell
(wife), lot on E line of Union street. 214:6 S
of Twelfth. S 30 by E 133. block 562. Board
man's map, quitclaim deed. Oakland; $5.
Albert L. Seager to Fannie M.,Seager (wife),
lot on W line of Raymond street. 123 N of
Alcatraz avenue. N 40 by W 122.45, lot 4.
Handy Tract, Oakland: $1. .
Cynthia A. and Lewis Dutton to-Ctaom -W.
and Lydla I. Morris, lot on N line of Grant
street, 222:4 E from SE line of Fourteenth
avenue, E 56:6 by N ICO, lot 17, block L, new
map of portion of Lynn Homestead, adjoining
Highland Park, aald lot being- same' as lots
75 and 76, block L, new map of porton of Lynn
Homestead. East Oakland; $000.
E. J. Shepardson and Joseph T. Hlnch to
Marvin Howard, lot on N nna of Felton street,
200 E of Occidental. E 35 by N 131, Berkeley;
$10.
Hamilton and Lucy Morgan to Pliny B. Mor
gan, lot 23. Lorln Villa Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Louise L. and C. M. Cook to W. M. and
Alice Rogers, lot on N line of Oregon street.
250 E of Telegraph avenue. E 50 by N 134:6,
lot 14, block T. Leonard Tract, Berkeley; $10.
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 19. •
Elite A. Campbell (executrix estate of Henry
C. Campbell) to Campbell Investment Company
(a corporation), undivided rourth part of lot 4,
map Campbell Tract said lot described as lot
on W line of Telegraph avenue, 93 N of Eight
eenth street, N 25 by W 100, Oakland; $1750.
Henry A. Campbell et al. to same, same,
Oakland, quitclaim deed; $ .
William M. Butters Jr. (single) and H. H.
and Mary E. Buhring to A. L. Kreis, lot on S
line of. Forty-sixth street, 456:3 E of Grove.
E 33:4 by S 100, portion lot 12. block 2110, Al
den Tract at Temescal Oakland; $10.
Florence E. Garflcld (wife of J. D.). Albert
A., Grace G. and Maud E. Garfleld (son and
daughters of J. D.) to Agnes V. Smith, lot on
NW line of Thirteenth avenue. 438.165 SW of
East Twenty-eighth street. SW 52.013. NW
127.37. NE 50.89 to a point. SE 122.73. lot 50,
Templeton Tract, East Oakland: $2000.
Helen, Lewis C. and Charles R. Harmon (ex
ecutors estate of Edward I>. Harmon) to H. D.
Irwln. all Interest In lots 16 to 19, block J,
map subdivision blocks I, J and L. Harmon
Tract. Berkeley; $1270.
Joseph and Abigail V. Graves to Joseph N.
Mathleu. SW 25.05 of lot IS and NE 10.02 ot
lot 17, block G, map resuDdivislon blocks G
and H, Flint Tract, portion Oakland Heights,
Oakland; $10.
Matilda Beckwith to California Co-operative
Home Building Association, lot on S line of i
Forty-sixth street, 277:6 E of Linden. E 37:6
by S 100. portion lots 8 and 9, block 2107. Al
den Tract, Temescal, Oakland; $10.
Rose D. Polrler (single) to O. F. Qulgley.
lot 38. block 1383, Polrier Tract. Oakland; $10.
Jennie B. and George L. Everett .to Henry
Reimers (wife of Charles), lot on S line of
Simpson street. 450.9 W of Telegraph avenue
(aa said Una of avenue existed August 15,
18S7). thence S 106.33 by E 25. being W half
of lot 11. Simpson Tract. Oakland; $1.
Louisa M. and Rudolph Orth to Benjamin
Thalln (single), lot on S line of Railroad
avenue. 25 E of Myrtle street. S 97:3 W to
point on E line of Myrtle. 92:4% S from S
line of Railroad avenue. N 92:4%. E 25 to be
ginning, block 453, Boardman's Map. Oakland;
$10.
Antonio Mico to Nelson H. Townsend. lot
on S corner of East Eleventh street and Fifth
avenue. SE 60 by SW 100, block 21, Clinton.
East Oakland: $10.
Berkeley Development Company to Miss E.
L. Ogden, lots 2 and 3, block 3. Fairvlew
Park, portion V of Peralta Reserve; Oakland.
Berkeley and Oakland Township, Oakland
Township; $10.
The Realty Syndicate to Larrance and Kat»
Page, lot on W line of Catharine street. 200
N of' Channlng way, N 50 by W 130, lot 8.
block 16, McGee Tract, portion ot plat 67,
Kellersberger's survey. Berkeley; $10.
Mary Donahue to John J. and Nellie M.
Donahue, lot on E line of Fourth street. 144
from NE corner of Fourth street and Alls
ton way N 50 by E 125, portion of lots 17 and
IS, block 107. tract B. Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association. Berkeley: $10.
Same to same, lot on W line of Fifth street,
147 N of Allston way. N 47 by.. W 125, lot 10.
block 107. same. Berkeley: $10.
William J and Emma A. Hales to Wallace
M Hu3sey (single), lots 26. 27 and 2S. block
35. Mathews Tract. 'Berkeley; $10.
Wallace M. Hussey (single) to F. C. Havens
(single), lots 27 and 28, block 35, same. Berke
ley; $10.
Richard Moore to James Hickey, lot on VT
line of Fourth street, at Intersection with di
viding line between lots 8 and 9. block 10S.
thence N 24 by W 123. being S 24 feet of lot
8. block 108, Berkleley Land and Town Im
provement Association. Berkeley; $200.
W. C. and Mary E. Walker to O. T. McCoon,
lot on S line of Santa Clara avenue, 50 E of
Bay street. E 100 by S 140. portion of lots 3.
4 5 and 6, 55 and ; 66, block 19, Fitch Tract,
Alameda; $10. '
O. T. and Bertha M. McCoon to E. J. Lloyd,
came, Alameda; 910.
The Realty Syndicate (corporation) to Cassle
P Hawley (wife of C H.). lot 19. block B.
Sather Tract. Oakland Township; $10.
C. H. Hawley to CasUe P. Hawley (wife),
same, Oakland Township: gift.
Emma and W. P. Williams to William C
Cavalier, lot beginning at point of intersection
;Of center line of Cordonlces Creek as now lo
cated with center line of Alblna avenue, thence
E alone center line of said creek as now lo
cated aa follows: SE 39:9. NE 120. SB 150.
SE 8:1 to a stake in center of said creek, oaid
1 stake being , distant In direct line SE 278:9
; from ; said . point of beginning, thence SW
104:2 \u25a0 5W. 425.86 to center of Alblna avenue,
N on" curve to left radius 1153 feet. 434.77 feet
to beginning, lot 7 and all lot 6 lying W of
portion of said lot purchased by R. S. and S.
R. Macbeth. Peralta Park. Berkeley property
of M. B. Curtiß Berkeley; $10.
B To SAN RAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY
CAZADERO, Etc,
'_ Via Saosallto Ferry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE
Depart week days and Sundays at 7:00 (ex-
cept Sunday), 7:45, 8:25. 9:10, 9:60, 11:00 a
m.; 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:35. 5:15. 5:50. 630*
7:15, 9:00. 10:15 and 11:35 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days— 7:4s a.*m.. 8:15 p
m. (Saturdays only). 5:15 p. m. dally except
Saturday and Sunday; Sundays and holidays
7:45, 9:10, 11:00 a. m.. 1:45 p. m. •
THROUGH TRAINS
7:45 aJ m. daily — Cazadero and way stations.
8:15 p. m.. Saturdays only — For Cazadero,
etc
5 5:15 p. m. dally (except Saturday and Sun-
day) — For Point Reyes, etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 6SO Market st.
, FERRY — Union Depot. 'foot of Market st. •
7 \u25a0 ~ ~ : ' \ '\u25a0 " > ; '
SAXTA FE TRAIXS
7 :80 a. m. I For , Stockton. Merced. Fresno, Han.
• ford, Visalla., Bakersfleld and in-
8:00 p. ' m. ( termediate points. %
I California Limtted, 3 days to Chi-
9 :30 a." m. \u25a0 cago, Mondays - and Thursdays.
: - ', t - Direct connectioh to Grand Canyon.
. j Valley Limited. . for Stockton. Mer-
i ced. Fresno. Hanford. Vlsalla and
9:30 a. m. ? Bakersfleld and points in the Sl-
' erra Railway. »
4:00 p. nu< For Stockton and intermediate
I • • ' S ' points.
(Overland Express, for Chicago.
8:00 p. m. \ Kansas City, Denver and Grand
.1 Canyon. ; .
Tlckat Offl'ces— 653 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
V San " Francisco; . also 112 Broadway, Oak-
land. CaL : also 27 South First. San Joee.
-T- — ,-.,. .. — ~7T~ — :—:: — : ~
Mt.Tamalpais Railway
f:; ; < Tlfl DITS J
Leave S. F. 9-^0 a m 1:45 p M
I Arrive S. F. 10:45 A m 3:65,8:21 tH
1 SITUMIT OSIT
i Lv. 5.F.4^5 pm Ar. S. F. 11:35pm
r SUJDiTS IHD IKH KOUDITS
; Lt S. F. 8:25.9:50.11:00 A M 1 ,43PM
Ar. S. F. 1^0, 3:55, 4:U3. &i?l PM
' HCHT (650 Market ST..(North ShoreßaHroatl)
OJFICIS { and Sausauto Fkiuiy. Fool Market St.
RAII/WAY TRAVEL.
-j^T^-v. Trains ieate and ar« dntjr*
/k/4§T«K < A SAN FRAXCISCO.
I (MMM&3HASM I \u25a0
V V^^l." / J F*om Octobxb 3. 19C3L
Fury Dipot
(Foot of Market Street.)
L*AY»- MAIN LINE. -ABBITJ-
7.ooa Klmtra, Vacavmc. Winters, Kunuey 3^43?
7.00 a Richmond, Benlcla. Sacramento,
Snlauaand War Stations 7-28?
740a Vallejo, Napa, Callstoga, Santa
Kosa, Martinez, Saa Ramon g.oBi»
7w4oAXlleB, Pleasanton. LlTcrmore,
Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton 74t3P
S.OOASnasta Kiprens— (Via Davis),
Williams, Willows. tFruto. Red
Bluff. Portland. Tacoma, Seattle. 7.48P
B.ooa Davis. Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysville. OroTiUe 7.48*
8.20 a Martinez. Antiocn. Byron, Tracy.
Stockton, Newman. Los Banos.
Mendota, Armona, Hanford.. .na
Vlsalla, PortcrTllle { rJ[S?
8-20A Port Costa. Lathrop. Merced, Mo- ' *•+**
desto. Freino. Haniord, Vlsalla,
Bakersfleld «-48»
8-40A Kites, San Jo»e, Liyermore. Stoci-
ton (tMllton), Vaney Spring.
lone. Sacramento, PlacervlUe.
Coliax. MarjsvlUe. Ked 81uff .... 4.031*
B.4oa Oalcdile, Chinese, Jamestown,
Sonora. Tuclumn* and Angrjs... 4-08)>
9.00 a Atlantic Express— Ogcirn and East. 4.28p
B.4oa ßichmond. Port Costa. Martinez
and W«7 Stations (fConcord) .... 5.43»
10.20 a Vallejo, Dally. Xapa. Sunday only 7.48*
10-20aLos Anzeies Passenger— Port
Costa. Martinez, Byron, Tracy,
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced,
Baymond, Fresno, Goshen Junc-
tion, Hanford. Lemoore, VisaOia,
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 7418*
10.20 a El P«so. Kansas City, St. Louis aad
Chicago 7.08*
ILOOAThe OTerland Limited— Omaha,
Chicago. DenTer. Kansis City... 6.43*
11.40aNUcs. San Jose and Way Buttons. 2.48iR
Ti.OOpSacramentoßlTer Steamers tiLOOPfl^
3-20PPort Costa. Martinez,Byron,Tracy, ~
Modesto, Morced, Fresno 1203f»
3-2GP Yostmlte and Marlpoy*, Bis Trees.
Monday, Wednesday and Friday 8-43 a
3-4Qpßen!ci». Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing.
Marysrllle and OroTtlle 10.43 a
3-40pHayward. Kiles. and Way Stations 743*
4-OOp Vallejo, Martinez, San Ramon,
• Napa, Calistoga. Santa Rosa 9.23 a
4.oopKlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl. 10-23*
4.4QP Hay ward. Nlies, IrTington, Saa t ta.4BA
Jose, LiTermore 1 111.43*
B-OOp The Owl Limited — 'Kewman, Loa
Banos. Mcndota, Fresno, Talare,
BalcersSeld. Los Angeles . 8.48 a
B-COPChlcaso and St. LoaU Special— El
Paso, Kansas City, St. Loula and
Cnicago 8.48 a
ts.2op Hayward, 15 lies and San Jose 7.08 a
s.2oP Vallejo. Fort Costa, Bentcla, Sul-
san, Sacramento 11.28 a
6-OOp Eastern Express— Omaha, Chicago,
DenTer, Kansas City. St. Loots,
Martinez, Stockton, Sacramento,
Reno, Sparks. Montello, Ogden .. 12.48*
B.2oPHayward. N.lrs and San Jose 9.48 a
7.ooPReno Passenger— Port Costa, Be-
nlcia. Suisun. Elmira, Dixon,
D.i vis. Sacramento. Sparks, Tono-
pah. GoMtieM and Keeler 7-03 A
7-OOPVallejo, Crockett and Way Sta-
tions, Sunday only 11.23 a
B.2oPOregon & California Express — Sac-
ramento, MarysTille, Redding,
Portland. Puget Sonnd and East. 8.48 a
9-OOp Hayward. Niles and San Jose (Snn-
day only) tll.4ffA
COAST LINE (Narrow Clause).
(Foot of Market Street.)
B.lsa Newark, Centerrilie, San Jose,
Felton. Bonlder Creek, Santa
Crnz and Way Stations 5-5S*
t2-15PKewark, Centerville, San Jose,
New Almadcn. Los Gatos. Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations +10.55*
4.lspSew*ri:, Saa Jose, Los Gato» ....]
9-45P Hunters Train— (Saturday only)
San Jose and Way Stations *Vm
COAST LINE < Broad Uau X e).^^m
gaf" (Third and "Towngend Streets.) ** '
6.10 a San Josfc and Way Stations 6-30*
7.00 a San Jose and Way Stations „ 6-40*
8-OOANew Almaden (Taes.. Frl., only).. 4-18'
8-00AThe Coaster— San Jose. Sarlnaa,
Saa Ardo, Paso Robles, Santa
Margarita. San Luis Oblspa,
Guadatupe, Gavlota, Santa Bar-
bara. San BaenaTentura, Oxnard,
Burbank, Los Angeles 10-30*
B.OOAGllroy, Uollister. Pajaro, Castro-
Tille, Del Monte, Pacific Grove,
Suit. Lorn doc 10.30*
B.ooa San Jose, Tres Plnos. WatsonTllle,
Capitol*. Santa Cruz. Paclflo
Grove, Salinas, San Lais Obispo
and Principal Way Stations 4.10*
10.30ASan Jose and Way Stations. 1.20*
I 1I 1 .30a San Jose and Way Stations 7-4 UP
2-1 5p San Jose and Way Stations 8.33 a
3-OOPDeI Monte Express— Santa Clara,
San Jose, W.tt son vine, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey
Pacific Grove 12-13*
tS-OOPLos Gatos, Wright, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge 10.45 a
3-30P South San Francisco. San Jose,
GUroy. Hollister. Tres Ptoos 10.45 a
4-30PSan Jose and Way Stations t7-55A
tS OOP Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Gatos, +9.0(!a
{ 5.30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations {9.40 a
5-4 5 P Sunset Express — Redwood. San
Jose, Gllrov, Salinas, Paso
Robles, San Lnis Oblspo, Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles Deming,
El Paso, New Orleans 9.10 a
5.45pE1 Paso, Kaasaa City, St. Loula,
Chicago 9.IQA
645PPajaro. Watsoavllle. Capitola,
Santa Crui. CastrovlUe, Del
Monte, PaciSc Grove.... 10.30*
t6-ISPSan Mateo, Beresford. Belmont,
San Carloo. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tB-48A
B.3opSan Jose and Way Stations..... ... 6-38 a
800PPalo Alto arid Way Stations 10.15 a
1 1 .JOPS'iuth San Frnnclscr*. Millbrae, Bur-
llngame, San Mateo, Belmont;
Ban Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park and Palo Alto 9-45'k.
lUOPSatnrdays only for Mayfleld, Moun- 1 _^"i" i
tain View, Sunnyvale, Lawrence,
• \u25a0 Santa Clara and San Jose t9.4S*
OAKLANO HARBOR FERRY
( Foot of Market St.)
t 7.15 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
- 1.00 p. m. 3.00 p.m. 5.1 5 p.m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. ~~
tSunday excepted. tSonday only.
(Monday only.
• (Daily, and stops at all stations on Sunday.
CALIFORNIA KORTHWESTIRN £Y. Ca
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SA>" FRAXCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:0O a. m.; 12:35. 3:30,
5:10, 6:30 o. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30 a. m.; 12:33, 3:30. 5:10,
6:30 o. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— 6:OS. T:35. T;5O, 9:20. a. m.;
12:50. C:4O. 5:00, 5:20 d. m.
SX^DAYS— 6:OS.S:OO.S:I6. 9:40 a. m.; 8:40.
4:50. &:00. 5:20. 6:30 p. m. '
Leave 1 In Effect J Arrtv*
San Fran. | Oct. 8. 1908. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- j Destlna- I Sun- 1 Week
Days. I days. { tlon. | days. | Days.
T:3oa 8:C0a . »:10a! 8:40 a
9:00 a 9:30 a Ignado. 10:4O a|10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p 6:00 p. 6:20 9
6:10 p 5:10 p I:3o p| ,
9:00 al 9:30 at . Napa. I 9:10 al 8:40 9
5:10 p| 5:10 pi ; | 6:20 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a 1 19:10 a 8:40 a
8 :C0 a Novato. 10:4O a 10:25 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:06 p 6:20 9 .
; 8:10p S:3Op and 7:35p vAT
5:10 p Santa Rosa. t Jr>
7:30 a : \ " - 10:40 a 10:25 a
8:00 a| • Fulton 7:30 p 6:20 9
3:30 p 3:30 p '
Windsor
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg 10:40 a 10:25 a
Lytton
8:80 p 3-3.) p Geyservilla 7:30 p 6:20p
. Clover da la
7-30 a! 8:00 al Hodand [10:40 a 10:25 a
3:30 p[ 3:30 pj and Uktah | 7.30 p 6:20 p
I ~j WiUlts and j j "
7:30 a| 8:00al Shertrood |7:30p[6:20p
7:30 al B:COa| 110:40 aj10:25 a
8:80 p| 3:30 p[ Guern«vlll» | 7:30 pi 6:20 p
7:3oai 8:0Oar1 Sonoma |9:10a[8:40a
5:10 p| 5:10 pj Glen Elian [ 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| S.GOa 10:4Oa|10:25a
3:30- 3:30 p • Sebastopoi 7:30 p| 6:20 p
5:10 p| 5:10 p \
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Sprtnes: at Geyserville for Skagg*
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boon-
ville and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Surtn**. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, "Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs: at
Ukiah for Vichy Spring*, Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs,
Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day"*.
LJerly's, Hullvllle. Orr'a Hot Springs. Half-
way House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendocino
City Fort Uraggr. Westport and fsaJ: at Wtl-
Ula for Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for
Fort Bragg. Canto. Covelo. Lnytonville. Cum-
mtngs. B*ir» Springs. Harris Hubtxtnt. Frult-
land. Dyer. Garbervllle. Camp 5. Pepperwood,
ScoUa and eureka. >
Saturday and Monday round-trtp tickets at
reduced rates.
On «unday — Round-trip tlck»t.<» to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market st.. Chronicle build-
lB JAS. AOI.ER. R. X. P.YAN.. .
ThFwEEKLY CALL.
©I oor YeafaCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall-street Stocks about the same. \ Cotton higher again.
Comstock Mining Shares active; higher. Other local Stocks dull.
JV heat, -Bar ley and other Grains about as before.
Hay quiet ay.d easier. Feedstuff s still linn. -
Lima Bean market sJwzving more firmness.
Potato market congested with the river varieties. Onions !jr;u.
Poultry and Game quotations unclianged.
A r o nezv features in the Fresh Fruit market.
Provision and Meat markets still quiet and unchanged.
Fine Butter, Clicese and Eggs in light supph and firm.
Money and Stocks.
J. S. Bache & Co. say in their New York
circular:
No cne doubts for a moment that over
•peculatlon is dangerous, but there has, as
TH, been no over-speculation, nor is there any
J^-*e amount cf stock held in weak hands. On
v.'i recent sharp decline very little long stock
cm^r.t out end the bears, hastening to cover.
"cM up crlces en themselves. The buying on
the decline locked much better than the selling.
One of the features of the market has been
the excellent demand for low-priced industrial
shares. etet-i stock* have remained in good
demand, acd the market on the United States
St«-el commr.a «tock is broad and active.
The business situation continues to Fhow im
provement, stimulated by the harvesting of
our «normout crops. Bteel and iron are in
better demand, ned all the iron, steel and
equipment companies are doing an excellent
business at increasing trices. It is estimated
that the Ete«l Corporation for the year will
cam about $117,000,000 net, or 60 per cent
greater Uian In 1904.
For the immediate future the market will in
ail probability continue dull and professional
until «uch time as money rates fall below
ineir present level. With blgh-jirlced railroad
issues netting less than 4 per cent it is hard
to Induce «peculatlve buying co long as money
remains at 6 per cent. Were it net for this
circumstance it la probable the Great Northern
"•melon" of 38 per cent would have had a
more favorable Influence on prices. Hencs
speculation Is apt to extend more and mere to
:ow-pr:ced Issuer.. We feel that urices will
work hirher !n time, but the market Is In a
nervous condition, and any unfavorable de
velopment might cause a break ct two or three
points. Purchases of low-priced issues on re
cessions and profit-taking on rallies will prob
ably prove profitable during the next few
w«eka.
Frnlt Crop neport.
(From th« Crop Bui.etln, United State* De
pcrune&t or Asr-culture. Washington. L>. C,
:or the week ending October 2. IMS.)
A light apple crop is r«-itorieii nearly everv
\u25a0*i".ere. only a few DOimponaat app.e produi.-
::ili Slates indicating fMtiftMumxy yie.d^.
Xew England — fruit p:os«*.t» bood, :x.^pt
atples.
New York — Apples being picked, very light
yv4;l; peaches and *xapc« gocd; peara ar.a
Cjß}.'7cg fair.
-n^w Jersey — Cranl'dTy p. eking weil ad
vanced.
Pennsylvania — Apple crop light.
Maryland acd L-elaware — A;<i>les and peera
pier.tliul.
Virginia — Shipping apples in progress, crop
•a.a.11.
North Carolina — Apples facing, light crop.
Plor.da — Frequent iair.s causir.g some oranges
to split.
Arkansas— Apples poor yield, inferior quality.
Tennesfeee — Apple crop short.
Xt ntucky — Applts l>oor.
Missouri — Appies scarce,
Illinois — Apple yie.d very short.
Indiana — lomato >i*li below normal; apple*
fccarce; j>tars fair crop.
Wt-st Virginia — Apples being picked, poor
yield, except in Pannandle.
Ohio — Armies i>oor.
Michieaxi — Apple yield poor!
Wisconsin — Apples and cranberries light
crop?.
\u25a0 l&wa — Apple harvest in progress, light yield.
Nffraska — Appiefi Ji^ht crop.
Kansas— Apples have fallen badjy. picking
continues, crop niuch reducea.
Idaho— *Vu:t packing progressing. •\u25a0--
Washington — Light sbowcci in eastern conn
ties delayed fruit fatheiing.
Oregon — Late a; ; ;• s p«:ar.y ripe ani about
half or a full croD indicated.
EASTEHX MARKETS.
STew Yorlt Moaey Market.
NEW YOI'.K. Oct. 18. — ilose: Prime mer
cantile |ifij>*r. s|ftr>li5 | ftr> 1 i per e*nt.
Sterling exchanjr, steady, closing strong,
with actual busints? in bankers' biilß at
$4.Ni4i^4.)W".45 for demand and at $4.*CSSQ'
4.f»27(> for Flxty day bills.
Hosted rates, $4 K-i and $4 fe6Vi©4 $7.
Commercial bills, (4KH49i83%;
Mor.ey on call, Ftfcacy, 5l» i*r cent; closing
bid. 4Vi; offered at 4 J 2 per cent.
Time lcens, st«-bdy; sixty and ninety days,
6 ;-*>r cenu six months, 6% per c*nt.
kV;gr silver. 62»sc.
"•^\u25a0>xican doiiars. «7^c.
• \u25a0oi-emment bonds, Meady; railroad bonds,
irregular.
Bfew York >ta<U. Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— The stock market re
mains In professional hands and the cifflculty
of gettiug r.rlces far from a given level con
tinues. By extending the declines in force y<-s
terday through the early part of the day a
vantage point was obtained for the later re
over)' a^d the day* ex-.r«me movement in
consequence was rather wld*r than had been
the rule lately. The attraction to traders was
thereby Increased and the market gained eodi«
animation. It did not appear that there was
any reflection in the market of outside de
velopments. The lattr improvement of the day
was connected probably as much as anything
with the relaxation of the tension in the money
market. This was true cf conditions abroad,
as well as in this country, out the active de
mand for credits in connection with the de
gree of enterprise was undimini«hed. The im
mediate Blight relaxation in the money situa
tion was not convincing therefore of any early
return of marked ea?e. Tne retention of the
Bank of England rate «eemed to have been
discounted In speculative markets. The weekly
return of that institution showed that the re- ',
ruperation had been achieved by th* purchase
of bullion at an advance in the bidding mar
ket and by borrowing- funds from the open
market, a« reflected in the decrease of Gov
ernment securities. The expansion of over
${•,000,000 In the loan account, however, lndl
etted a new demand on tne Government lnsti
• tutlon for credite Incident to the rise in the
c;-ea market discount rate to above the bank
re'-e. Tre price of gold was let down a frac
tion In the London market and sterling ex
cfcance at jjar. in Berlin moved In favor of
I. .cor.. The discount rate at Berlin was also
n.l tr, but hardened at Paris to a flat 3 per
c^ut. There was lees urgent demand here Jor
r j4 '.gn «xchE.n*e and the rate ran cCf In the
•Tvy flealinga. but showed later etrength.
Tte Sub-Treasury operations are yielding a re
turn to the tr.r.Vis en account of the mid
monthly swelling- of the pension pay rolls.
There teema to be a lull al*o in the heavy cus
toms receipts which have been going into the
Sub-Treesury. New York exchange also rote
again to-day to 15 cer.t* premium, which Is the
I'iShcßt of. the season, indicating a coesajjen
of^pressure from that point on New York in
currency. The recent drain- on the bank re
serves thus Mcmt to be reiievd for the time
tKlr.g. There was some selling of stocks yes
terday and early to-day en a professed appre
hension of the effect of the President's re
mark* at Halelgh on the nubject of railroad
rate lesielation. feme early uneasiness over
the sensational effect cf the Allegheny benk
'allure was also relieved on further considera
tion. The movement toward recovery was uicnt
pronounced In a group of Industrial epeclaltien.
n#port» of traffic blockades on the railroads
both in the rrain rt-Klons and in the Iron and
steel Industrial centers and the resulting urg
ent demand' for additional rAi!road equipment
hVlped the railroad equipment stocks and the In
<]«r«rdent Iron and t-tcel industrials genyally.
Arr.aUtair.ated Copper was rather quiet, but
was 'nciineJ to neavlnesn on the failure to ad
\u25a0 van.-c the dividend rate, a« there had been
«r»rr.< buvlnr of the stock in the expectation
of ati irlcrfa«e. The presence In the city of
the Sf-cretavy cf the Treasury ga%e riße to the
u«u«l &lKcvttlor. of the likelihood of Govern- :
men; ' measures for the benefit of the money
market. Ftock* closed cl?tlnctly firm, but on a
moderate volume of bu^ines*. .".\u25a0*.
Uon's «w- Irregular. T«tal sales, par
valu*. J?.<*>".ooo.
VnitcC Stiiic-s bonds were all unchanged on
tail
»\t York Stock List.
E K. Button & Co.. <SK> Caiiiornla etreet,
Ptn' Francisco, members of the New York
Stock Exchange, fcrntsh the following official
quotation? of thet Exchsngf: '
SaU,s.| STOCKS. jHlsh Low.j Bld.| Ask.
KzvrrmjLTZ »?J. 2^ M
.*;.... Ailis Cha.mcrs.. JJ^l "H
• It. I>o pfd 1 88 *! **
tftmAmsl Copper ..-! 64% 63% M **%
Am Beet Eugsr..] 23 J6H
1 Do pfd 8* S5
'.JAm Can Co .- 10% 10%
2.500! Do Pfd 171 71 70* 71
46.40" Am Car & Kdn'i <1% »"% *!?* *1H
B<X> Do pfd 101 :XOO 100% 101 .
Am Cotton Oil 30*4 31tf
Do pid 83 100
100 An DUt T«1.... 89 85 185 IS9
jAzn Express 22i%|229
I jAm Grass Twine «'/» 7%
I.OOOjAm Hide & L. . 6% 6% 6% 6%
2,800 Do pfd 31* i 30% 81 . 31%
Am Linseed ..; 17 18
Do pfd | 40*4 41*4
40.300 Am Locomotive. 65*4 j 63% 64% 64%
2,200 Do pfd 114%|113% 114 114%
Am Malt •. 5 5*4 |
100 Do pfd 25 25 24% 25* i
19,500 Am Smelt &. Ref 1137*4 125% 127* i 127%
4001 Do pfd [120% 120% 120% 120%
1,400; Am Sugar 1139% 139% j 139% 1 140
I IX> pfd i !140 142
2,500 Am Ettel Fdrles 13 12%' 12% jl3
COUI Do pfd 44 43%! <3%| 44
Am Tel & Tel Jl3O 139
2,000 Am Tob pfd 102% '101% 102% 1C2% I
200 Am Woolen .... 30 1%\ 36% 36% 36%
Do pfd 102 103
3.200 Anaconda 117 115%!ll6% 117
Ann Arbor ! 132 37
Do pfd I i i 75 SO
< 300 Atlantic C Line. 161% ICI 1161% 162
I 2.900 AT & Santa Fei BS% 87% SS 88%
i 3^o: Do pfd JlO5 105 104% 105
1 3.900!8a1t *c Ohio 112 111%|112 112%
Do pfd I 07 9S
I 'Bay State Gas.. l 3-16 *4
I B.Boo'B R T 174 71% 73*4 "4%
lOO'BrookJyn U Gas 180*4 180*4 180 190
j 'Brunswick D&I 14 I 15
• Butwrick Co 55 I 62
j 100' Canada Southern 65% 65% GS%! 68%
21.200 Canadian Pac<ncll7iv 4 169%|171%|171*4
".OOO'C & O I 56% i 65% | 58*4 l 56%
7O*»C & A 134 134 34*4 1 35%
j I Do pfd I 75 178
I CA E I pfd....l ! 130 139
I !C I & L pfd. ...| ! 60 1100
7.200 C &G W I 21%! 21 2\%\ 21%
10rt Do pfd A I 75% 75 176 7«^
Do pfd B 1 1 J 35U 35%
( Do Ms I I I 87% S3
2fV>,C & N W 121S |217%!217 218
9.6C0;C M & St P 1175% 178%!179*4!179H
I Do pfd ).. |184 |ISK%
I 20.C00C R I & P (new)! 32% 31% 31%! 31 T 4
1,900'- Do rfd i 77% 75% 76% 75%
I CRI&P4s..I ! 85' 85%
, 'Chicago Term ..| 1 17% 18 '
300J Do pfd 40 40 39% 40
I.80O;ChIc U Trac ... 11% 11 1114 11%
500 Do pfd 41*4 40 40 41
ICO CC C &St L. . . 100 100 03 100
, Do pfd 117 121
: Clev L & W 82 90
I Do pid ...: 105
2,300 Col X & Iron.. 45% 43% 44-ft 45%
I Do pfd ...'. 87 9«
SOOjCdl Hock C& I 15% 15 15U 18
700 Col Southern .. 27% 27% 27% 28
••••••• Do Ist pfd 12% 03*4
1.200 Do 2d pfd 42%! 42 42% 43
I.2oO|ConEol Gas ....!155%!184 ilBs' 186
3.800 Corn Products ..! 14>i 13% 114 14*4
6Oo| Do pfd I 54% 54U 53% 54%
SOO.DeI & Hudson ..1224% 223%|224 1225
|D L & W 488 408
•-••"•jD& R G .... 33% 3314 :{3*4 33%
200 Do pfd S7 66% 86% 87%
Dcs M&Ft D ! 15 20
IDetrolt Un Ry 90 92
SOO.Detrolt South .. 11% 11% 11% 12
Do pfd 41 43
[Diamond Match 140% 141
iDistilling Sec 43' 43%
IDiPt Secur Bonds 79% SO
100 Duluth SS & A IS 15 14* i 15Vi
R 400 Do pfd 33% 3-5 32% 33%'
21.300 Erie 4S'^ 47% 4S 4HV<
Do Ist pd I gl% Sl% !
I Do 2d pfd 71% 72 :
E & T H 72 77
Do pfd j 85 I BT, i
r......!Fc-drral 3tael ...122% 122 1224|f-'2% i
ID« P'd ..>... ' 97>i| 1.6% !16%1 97
Ft W & D C 1 72% 73
Gen Chemical ! 70 73
IOT| Do pfd 1106%11G6% 106 107
5.lOC ; Gen Electric IISM^ 1 1S2 Vi lIS* IS5*4
600.Gr Norfh pfd ..!317%,317 317% 318
!Gr Cons Cop j | 27% 27%
Or»fn' Gold 4*, j.-i
Hay Tob Co J ..... |28 30
Do ufd ;;>$ 42
Hocking Val 88% 92
Do prd «)i - M
I.7o<Viii!nois cent ... 179 177%!175*Ai17»
.'lnterboro (212 "|213%
Intf-rnat Marine j 13**| 13%
••••••\u25a0! Do pfd -....j I 35% 3(3%
6Wlntfrnat Paper .. 22 21 %| 21% 22
400 i Do pfd 80 79% 1 SO 80*4
I<K> Interr.at Power 50 50 48*4 51
ilnternat Pump .! 1 2*>'> 28
I Do pfd I m" gfi
100 lowa I'entral .. 2"% l 25% 2"% 2»
Do pfd ...I 57 B8
• • Kanawha & Mich 34% 354
800 X CFI S M prd! 85% 85"^! 85 ' 80
i Kan Cy South ..! 2.V; 26W
Do pfd * 52 56
iKeokuk & Dcs vi 14 17
iLadede Gas pfd! 95 100
'L Erie & West | | 33 .14
I Do pfd j 95 96
iLehlgh Valley 74% 74U
<JOO!Lonir Island »;7 7 * CO 65 6S '
6.r»on; Louis & Nash... 151% 150% 151% 151%
IMackay 45% 40
I Do pfd 735; 74
100 Manhattan Ur.54 1«5% 165% 166%
ZSOOMet Securities... SO?*! 80 h(t% 81
7.»oCjMet St Ry 126*4|125 125% 12»i
4, ooo ; Mexican Central. 24% 24 24% 24*4
SOOiMinn &St L.... 81 80 80 SI
! Do Ist pfd 100 107
300; M. St P&S S M 137V4 137*4 13H 137*4
I Do pfd ioi i 6l
4,400 ! M0. Kan & Tex. 33*4 32% S3 33VJ
300! Do pfd fi9 fiS% 68% 69*1
2.500 Missouri Paclfic.jlO3%|lo2%|lo3 IC.IV.
Nash, C& £t L.| [148 150
4.000 National Lrad... 46*4 45% 46*4 46>4
Do pfd 103 106
Nil R R Mcx pfd [30 36%
National Bl«cuit.| j 54% 56
Do pfd (114 116
100 New Jereey Cen. 22:< 223 1220 250
SCON V Airbrake... 1162 150 151% 155
15,100 Kew York Cen.. 143% 148*4 IJ9U 140*4
200;N Y. C & St L. 34 53 53 54
! Do Ist pfd.. f 115 120
.) Do 2<l pfd 83 86..
New York Dock 25 26T4
N Y. NH & H 2C2 204%
2.300 N V. Ont & W. 63% 52% 53*4 53%
l,COO,Norfolk A West. 85% 85% 85% SO
I Do pfd 80 97
500. North American. 97 96 97% 97%
'Northern Sec« 184 188
4.lCoi Northern Pacific. 202% 201 202 202%
.Omaha ..-. '.IPS 190
Do pfd ...190 200-
O S L 4s &C%| 97
Paciflc Coast 104 106
i I>o Ist pfd .'...102 10S
JOftj J>o 2<3 pfd 106% 106% 105 107
100 Paciflc Mail 4f1% 45% 4€% 4C%
24.700;Per.n R R C 0. .. 143T4. 143% 143% (143 »
SOOjPeople's Gat 103% 103*4 103*4 103%
P. C. C&St L. .....j..... 60 82
j Do pfd ..106 112
15.«Cf.MPresied Steel Car 48 4«% 48 4S*4
300! Do pfd 99 99 98% 00
Pullman Car Co 250 253
400!Ry Kteel Spring* 45 43% 43% 44
l^L D " P f J 102% 102 103 103*4
32,100 Reading 122«4 120% 121% 122' i !
lOC Do let pfd.... 9314 5)3 94 04% J
200 Do 2d,pfd 98 68 98% J)9% \u25a0
8.900 Republic S & 1.. 20 24% SSjS 25%
6,700 Do pfd 97 94*4 05 My. '.
Rubber Goods 37 3s '
100 Do pfd 105*4 105*4 104 106
OOC Sloss SS & I Co. 69>4 CO C 9 60*4 •
I Do pfd 1110 in L
st j & g 1 1171 17 So^ r
300! Do let pfd <*O 691.4 f,g (J2
7001 Do 2d p.'d ... 28% 27% 29 ::t j
IStL&SF let pfd .......... 80 |81 I
200) Do 2d pfd ... £8% ns 67%Vf1)
100, St L & H W ... 23% 23% 23%' 24*4 i
700 T>o pfd 60 Ita 63% l «0 •
32. COO! Southern Pac .. r.9% <17% f.914 cp«4 ;
400 Do pfd ll!»t 119% 119 119%
10, 40f- Southern Ry ... 35% .13 35*4- S.% '
700 Do pfd 98% 03*4 '•BVi!a.s2
Standard Oil 1.....W8 10.2
....... Standard R & T I*4l 114
2,300 Term Coal A I. 80% Ss*4 86 I S8 » \u25a0
... iTexa* P L TCo 46% 4S :
gOOjTexat Pacific .. 3t% .".4% 34%| -U% ;
200 Third Avenue ..125 u?5 1v4'<.!12;
400! Toledo R & T Co 33% 3ri% si%"i :uv* \u25a0
a»|T<--r Bl LftW pfd 56% 1 16 5>.%| 87- j
3rOjTwln Cty R T. 117. 1116 11C%'?J7« I
300!Ur.lon Bag & P 14*4 14% 14 \u25a0 • 11 14 i
I Do pfd ......I. 80%| X 2 I
49.300'Ur,10n Paciflc .. 132*4 130% 132 1132 % 1
I>o pfd 98% li 7 i
Do cony 4s 133%[134% I
United Copper t 33% 34*2 !
200 United H of S F 7«% l 76% 76%. 77*4 '
200 Do prd »I%| 81% 81% 1)14 i
... Eo 4« 89HJ !>•'« '
1,900 U B Cant Iron P 37% 37 H7%j m*, .
800 Do pfd ...... 86*4 90; rd*4Joi*ii
U R Express ... 121 I 12« j ,
U S Leather 14 I 15% ' i
100 Do Vfd ...... 114% U4;4 112 \IU ; ,
....... U S Realty ft C fc« ST
U S R & R Co, i 28 30 1
Do pfd .". . 65 Ut% i
200 U S Rubber ... 62 51% 61% C2;i | ;
10<tf Do pfd lllVilll Ul 118 1
-\u25a0\u25a0;.\u25a0' • " \u25a0 ! \u25a0*\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. **;'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 ' V " "\u25a0" ' r \u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0'\u25a0 ' -:' i \u0084-\u25a0.-.-' ' \u25a0 • \u25a0'"\u25a0\u25a0,'' *-f • '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRJDAW OCTOBER 20, 1905; c
80,60( U S Steel Cor .. 37% 37 37%| ::7%
15,70( Do p.d 104' i 103% IC4 104%
50< Va-Car Chem Co 33 32% :!!'% 32%
I<K Do p:d 106% 106% lOC-* 117%
20C Wabash 21% 21% 21%! 21/ 8
Do pfd 41% 41TJ,
Do deb Bs .. ..* 74 j 7'1»4
Wells Fargi. Ex. 2<o 245
20C Western Union.. 9J*i 9J% 95 iWj
700 Wfstirghousa . . 170 169% 170 171
... Do Ist pfd 1H7% 1i.17
W & L E 17 18
Do Ist pfd . |38 -I'J
Do 2d pfd J 2t 23%
400 Wisconsin Cen.. 82 31 3Ui| 32
1,500] Do pfd 63% 62?4 WVii OJ%
733,700 — Total shares sold.
New York Bonds.
U S «f 2s reg.. 103.14' Japan 6s. 2d eer. 97%
Do empon 103*4 Japan 4%e. cert. 90%
Do 3j reg 103%' japan 4Us. 2d ser 90%
Do coupon 104*41 L & N unified 45.101
Do n> w 4s reg.l33%|Man con gold 45.103%
Do coupon 134%|Mex Central 45... SI
Do o:l 4s reg.lO4%t Do Ist mc 24%
Do ctupon 104% Minn & St L 4s. 97
Amer"Tob 45.... 79>4 M. X & Texas 45.101%
Do ft 113% Do 2ds 88
Atch g«n 4s 102% NR of Mcx con 4s 83%
Do arij 4s 99 N T C gen 3%5.. 99%
Atlantic C L 45.101% N J C gen 5s 134%
Bait & Ohio 43.103% Nor Pacific 4s 104%
Do S*js 05% Do 3a 78% j
Central of Ga Ss.lJoVilNor & W een 45.101%
Do Ist Inc 05%;O S L refdg 45... 97
Do 2d inc.... 82 Pa cony 3V<s. . . .104y 4
Ches& Ohio 4%s.lCB%;p.eadlng gen 45... 102%
Chi& AUOn 3%». Sl%|S L & I M con 55. 113*4
C.B & O new 46.101% S L & S F fg 4s. 59%
C,R I A Pac 4s. S3 St LS W con 4s. 83%
Do col 5s 93 S-aboard A L 4s. 00
C.C.C & SLgn 45.103% So Pac 4s U5
Chi Term 4s 100 Do Ist 4s, cert. 9G%
Colo Midland 45.. 75 So Railway 5e...121
Colo & So 46... 94 Tex & Pac 15t5..125%
Colo Ind sb. sr A ":: Tol.St L& W 4s. 54%
Do ss. sir 8.. 71%|Union Pacific 45. 105
Cuba ss. cert... 105 *i j Do cony 4s 134
Den & Rio G 45.101%iU S Steel 2d ss. 95%
Dist Securities 5s 79% I Wa bash lets .IVJ
Erlo pricr lien 45.101%| Do deb B 74
Do gen 4s !H Western Md 45.: H7%
F W & D C 15t5.113% W & L Erie 45.. 90%
Hock Val 4%5. ..11l Wi3 Central 45.. 90%
Japan Cs, cert... U9 |
.\«w York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 25 Little Chief 05
Alice CBjOphlr 5 37%
Bre«ee 45' Phoenix 01
Bruns Con SSlPotoei 13
Con Va Mm Co. 1 65 Savage 51
Com Tunnel CS ( Sierra Nevada 23
Horn Sliver 1 70| Small Hopes .... 30
Iron Silver 3 00! Standard 1 80
Leadville Con .. 05 1 , .
Boston Stocks and Dond*.
Money — (Westing- Common. 84
Call loans s@o, Mmmg —
Time loans &iiC, Adventure 9*4
Bonds — |Allouez 47%
Atchlson 4s 102*4 1 Amal Copper 84
Do adj 4s OS (Amer Zinc '\u25a0>
Mcx Central 4s. 80 Atlantic 2ti%
Railroads — Bingham 31%
Atchison S7?s Calumet & Hecla.C7o
Do pfd 104% i Centennial 30
; Boston & Albany.2s7 | Copper Range ... 71%
i Boston Elev 15-i jDom Coal 77
Fitchburg pfd... 142 Franklin 10
Mcx Central .... 24*4|Granby B*4
N Y. N H & H. 201 lisle Kcyale 25%
Union Pacific ..132 Macs Mining ... 10%
Miscellaneous — Michigan 15%
Amer Arge Chem 22 Mohawk 59
Do pfd 93 Mont Coal A Coke 3%
Amer Pneu Tube 0 North Butte fW
Amer Sugar ....133% O'.d Dominion ... 31
Do pfd 139%|Osceola 112%"
Amer Tel & Tel.l37Vji Parrot 27* i
Amer Woolen ... 3t3%!Qulncy 107
Do pfd 102% Shannon 8%
Dom Iron & S.. 21% Tamarack 125
Gen Electric 184 Trinity 0%
Mass Electric ... 13% United Copper ... 33%
Do pfd 55%, U S Mining 34
Mass Gas 4J%|U S Oil 10%
United Fruit ...106%|Utah 4b*4
Un Shoe Mach. .. 77% Victoria :.. 6%
Do pfd 31 Winona 10%
U S Steel 37*4 Wolverine 122
Do pfd 104
THE COPPER STOCKS.
BOSTON, Oct. 19.— Lawson brokers offered
stocks all around the room this morning, en
deavoring to give the impression that his ad
vertisement this morning was having great
effect. There were plenty of buying orders and
good lines of stocks were picked up cheap by
the local traders. Toward the close scarcity
of stocks was evident and rallies followed.
The general buoyancy in the .late dealings
seems to Indicate higher prices as soon as
money gets easier.
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. BS% N V Central 152%
Do for acct BS% Nor & Western.. 87%
Anaconda .">%> Do pfd 95
Atchlson BJ%|Ont & Western.. 54%
Do pfd 107% i Pennsylvania .... 73%
Bait & Ohio 114% Hand Mines 8
Can Pacific 174% Heading 02%
Ches & Ohio 57 Vi Do Ist pfd 48
Chi Great West. 21 Do M pfd 50
Chi, Mil & St P. 183% So Railway 3.")v|
De Beers 17> b | Do pfd 101%
Den & Rio G... 34% S o Pacific ti9%
Do pfd 89 % i Union Pacific 134%
Erie 48% 1 Do pfd 90*
Do let pfd 82%, U S Sleel... .-18%
Do 2d pfd 73*i| Do pfd 10«%
111 Central 18.1 | Wabash S!2
Louis & Na5h... 114%: Do pfd .... 43
M, X & Texas... 33%, Spanish 4s v.l
Bar silver — Steady; 26% d per ounce.
Money — 3ff3% per cent.
The rate of discount" in the open market
for short bills is 4 per cent and for three
months' bills 4&4*(i per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 19.— T0-day's :-taie
ment of the treasury balances in tne -^'n.-al
fund, exclu&ive of the $150,lM),U0O gold reserve,
shows available casii balance. $13J,0utt,ti74;
gold coin and bullion, jj>74,sis,kJs4; go.d < er
tiflcates, $45,826,210.
Sew York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. I«.— COTTON— The mor«
favorable character of Liverpool advices and
continued- heavy spot buying in that market,
supplemented by wet weather' and predictions
of colder and lreezing weather in the South
western part of the cotton belt, resulted In a
very substantial advance of from 17 to 24
points In our market to-day. Reports of bad
weather to-morrow may influence another up
ward movement in prices, but conservatism on
the buying side is in order.
Spot markets in the South, were strong, with
a large demand. The situation is very strong
on account of the sudden change of sentiment
brought about by the Giles estimate of 10,
3U0.000 bales*
Theodore Price says: "From several sources
I learn that reports are being circulated that
lam about to issue a bullish circular. Such is
not the case. I think it will be found that the
reaction which the market' has had at this
morning's prices is about the limit of its pres
ent possibilities in an upward direction. Ten
cents for cotton 1b not at all cheap, and with
a big surplus in the hands of spinners, the
invisible supply and. the- large stock in New
York it will require more evidence of crop de
ficiency than is at present apparent to make
a bull of me."
Futures opened firm. October, 0.70 c bid;
December, y.Ktc: January, 10.04 c;' February,
10.10 c; March, 10.10 c; April, 10.20 c bid; May,
10.27 c; July, offered, IO.Mc. '
Futures closed steady. October, 0.73 c: De
cember, 9.03cs January, 10.05 c: February,
10.13 c; March, 10.21 c; April, 10.26: May,
10.81 c.
Spot closed quiet, 25 points lower. Middling
Gulf, 10.50 c;. Middling Uplands, 10.25 c. Sales,
100 bales, ' .
Xew York Grain and Prodnce.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
31,700 barrels; exports. 2300 barrels. Market
steady with better demand.
WHEAT— Receipts, 118,000 bushels. Spot
i easy. No. 2 red, J)l9»c elevator; No. 2 red,
; P2ytC f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
• 04T»c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Manitoba,
lK$ T ,«c f. o. b. afloat. Except for a brief open
1 ing advance on firm Liverpool cables wheat
i w»r heavy all day, closing %@%c net lower.
i Controlling Influences were better Argentine re
! ports, good rains West, a lack of support, lib
r*eral interior" receipts and liquidation. May,
I 90H@«I%c. closed OO&c; December »1 13-10 jj
\u25a0 02%.c, dosed 91% c
PETROLEUM— Steady.
WOOL Steady. .
COFFEU — Developments In the coffee market
to-day were decidedly against the market. The
movement of the "crop continues to be liberal ,
and as long as receipts continue to show up
heaVy and liquidation ; of December continues
no upward movement of a ' substantial charac->
ter Is expected.-- Futures closed steady at- a
net decline of 10^15 point*. Sales were re
ported of C 4.750 bass, : Including October at
6.60 c; November, 6.ooc:. December. 0.65@f1.75c; I
February. 6.05 c: March, O.OO^.OSc; April,
7.15 c; May 7.10ff7.20c; July, 7.25@7.a0c; Sep
tember. 7.4Cc. . Spot Rto quiet. ; No. 7 Rio,:
Invoice. B%c: mild quiet. ' Cordova, 10@13c. •;\u25a0
SUGAR — Raw quiet. • .Fair. refining 3c; cen- !
trifugal, 90 test. 3%e;. molasses sugar, 2%c./;
Refined quiet. Crushed," 5.60 c; powdered, 4.90 c; 1
granulated, 4.80 c; I
BUTTER— Unchanged.
CHEESE— Unchanged.
: EGGS— Unchanged. .. ;
DRIED, FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market^ con- 1
tinues firm. Common to good are quoted at
5S6Mrc: nearby prices frujt, common, 7V&@79ic,
and strictly. prime as high as Sc In- spot. High
er grades' are practically, out of supply.
PRUNES — New . crop \u25a0: prunes are •\u25a0; becoming
available on spot In small lota, , but the market
remains steady to \u25a0 firm i with j quotations - rang- \u25a0
Ing from 4V40 to 7&C,. according to trade.- : .\u25a0\u25a0•J
APRICOTS— Are quiet, but there Is no pret-
sure to ' sell and the market Is firm. ' Choice
are quoted at 8%@ l Jc; extra choice at «54®-i/%c,
and laney, 10@ll%c. . •-•...!
i'EACHKS — Remain nominal; as far as the
spot situation is concerned | -with I a few I sales \
oiexua choice reported at 1C4j.10%c. .
- RAISINS — Are • firm. Loose - Muscatel are
quoltU at t^iiiMc; seeded raisins, si4©B%c,
and London layers. $1 15@1 20. ...\u25a0•• \u25a0\u25a0',
New York- Metal Market/ 1
NEW YOltK, Ovt. 19.— 1n th London t.v/
niaiKe; spdi- i.oseu at £148 los ana I^iuipes
£147 15s. The local market com nucd wei?
quitt. with prices jowtr on- th* ouWkd|K U\
bympatny with tne market abroad, tip A was
quoted al fXZ Z>o4so2 150. > \u25a0 '[/\u25a0\u25a0.
Copper was l^wer. in London. \u25a0 clpsing at
HI- is fd Jor cpot and £70 12s tid for, lutures. .
Lucally the riia.k-t is reporteu quiei anl un-'
changed. Lake is quotea at $ltf 3i%al<> 7^v
eltctrolyclc, *lti I'SfelO 62%; c&st.ng, $iti&
10 37%. • -
: Jx'ua was lower abroad, c'.oi.ng at £14 17s
lid. ; Locally the situation seemed to be un
changed. Spot "supp.ies ' are very scarce and
ar«s nominally held at $5®5 35. .
Spelter watt unchanged at £-S 12s 6i in Lon
don. Locally the market is very firm, with
tpot quoted at $6 10@U 20. .
Iron was j rather easier abroad, closing at
52s 4d for standard loundry and at 54s foi
Cleveland warrants. Locally tne ma.'ket lot
foundry grades is linn. No. 1 foundry noi ih
ern, is quoted at $18 25@lb 50; No. 2 foundry,
northern, $17 75Hjl!>; No. 1 foundry, -southern,
?17 60@18 25; No. southern. $ltit
17 75.
CHICAGO BOAH1) OK TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Oct. 19. — The wheat market was
w< ak the entire session, noi withstanding that
the news c.i the <iay was generally, bul.ish.
At the start December was a shade *ow;.i
to a »hade higher at S7@S7%c. From, the out
set the market was subjected to persistent sell
ing pressure from a number of commission
houses. Part of' the selling was tnought to
be for the account of a leading ions- Ab
trading progressed pit traders and small holders
became uctive .sel.ers and increased .the weak
ness. Ab'jiu the only news of a baarish natare
was a rerort denying that the Argentine
wheat crop had been seriously damaged by
locusts. On the other hand bullish factors
were quite numerous. Weather wan extie;nely
unfavorable for the movement' of the ne*
crop in the Nortnweet and \u25a0 there was an
advance in the prjee of wheat at Liverpool.
The market, however, closed weak, with prtat*
at the lowest point o.' the day. De»ml^t
being %@:ic lower at 80*4 c.
Iniiuer.crd by the blurnp in whtat the corn
m£.rktt wa* lncl.n.d to wjukr.e.-s. D.c nib i
cosed at 44% c, a loss o"£ U#%c.
The oat maiket was easier. December eloped
at XStiiiplS^c a gain of *i@*4c
The provisions market was somewhat Ir
regular.* January products were about steady.
At the close January pork was oft 2%.q.50
lard was^up a shade and ribs were down 2%c.
The leading lutures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—2 —
Deoember BT% 87% N 80*4 80*4
May 87% 87% 80% 86%
Corn No. 2—
October CO% 50% 5C% 50%
Dec. (old) 45% 45% 44ft . 44%
Dec. (new)...'.. 45 45 44% 44%
May 43% 44%. 44% 44%
Oats No. a—
October 28%
December 2U% 29% 25% 28%
May 81% 31% 81 31
Mess Pork, per bbl — ,
October 10 22*4 1« 22% 16 10 16 15
January 12 50 12 5U 12 45 12 45
Lard, per 100 lbs —
October 7 15 7 22% 7 15 720
November "7 12% 7 22% 7 12% 7 20
January 085 o 87% 0 fe2% -6 85
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— • '\u25a0
October- 7 72% 7 75 i 55 « 7CT
January 6 52% 055 650 6 62%
May •••• «?2%
Cash Groin, and Provisions.
- CHICAGO, Oct. 10. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, rirm; No. '£ spring wheat,
&5-Sa"c; No. 3. 70(g&5%c: No. Z red, 86*4(8-
S7%c; No. 2 corn, 52*4©52% c; No. 2 yelloxv,
54&54*4 c; No. 2 oats, 2o%t}2dVhC; No. 2 white,
i."J','i(B3o*;c; No. 3 white, 2a(B2a%c; No. 2 rye.
U*Va4»oyc; good feeding barley, 36% c; fair to
choice malting, 40<&40c; No. 1 flax seed, 03c;
No. 1 Northwestern, Kite; prime timothy seed,
$3 20: mestf pork, per bbl, $16@10 12%; lard,
per 100 lbs, $7 20; shjrt-rlbs sides (loose),
S7 7007 80; short clear sides (boxed), $&©
$25; whisky, basis of nigh winea, $130: clo
ver, contract grade, $13 25.
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 37,100 67.300
Wheat, bushels 240,000 54.300
Corn, bushels 128,000 145,0C0
Oats, bushels 485.400 327,100
Rye. bushels 16,000 3,000
Barley, bushels 131.1W0 21.800
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Oct. 19. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm;
creameries, 17*«j@21*6c; dairies, 16%@19c.
Eggs, ,firm_at mark, cases, included. 17% c;
firsts, 20c; prime firsts."" 22c:" extras, . 23c.
Cheese, steady to firm, ll*4gll%c.
EASTERX LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 19.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 12.000 head. Market steady- Native
Bteors". $4®6: native cows and heifers. $1 73 / fr
4 75- stockers and feeders. $2 50<g~4 25;. bulls
$2ry:i; calves. $2 50<g«i 50; Western feed steers.
$2 SC®4 60; Western cows, $2@3 25.
SHEEP — Receipts, 4000 .nead. Market
steady. Mutton*. $4@5 25; lambs, $5 5007 :15:
range wethers, $4 50"® 5 25; fed ewes, $3 50®
4 75.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Oct. 19.— CATTLE — Receipts, 4200
head. Market generally steady. Native steers,
$4@5 85: cows and heifers; $2 75<g4 50; West
ern steers. $2@5; Texas steers, $2 75@4; cows
and heifers, $2g3 50; canners, $1 75@2 50;
bulls and Btags, $2'g3 50.
HOGS — Receipts. :JSOO h«>ad. Market steady
to strong. Heavy. $4 05ig5 20; mixed, $5 10©
5 20; light. *5 15fc5 30; pigs. $4 60@5; bulk of
sales, $5@5 20.
SHEEP— Receipts. , 14,000 head. Market
strong and steady. Westerns, $5 15®5 90,
wethers. $4 75@5 40; ewes. $4 50®5 10; lambs,
$ti 75@7 25. . • .'..-.
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Oct. 10. — CATTLE — Receipts,
10,000 head. Market steady. Beeves, $3 bo@
6 40; cows and heifers, $1 15@4 50; stockers
and feeders, $2 IOS4 30; Texans, $3 30®4 50;
Westerns, $3 25<g'4 SO.
HOGS — Itecepits, : 20,000 head; to-morrow,
21.000 head. Market steady. Mixed and butch
ers, $4 «sffs 55; good heavy, $5 25®3 55; rough
heavy $4 Ss®s 10; light, $4 »5@5 45; bulk of
sales. $5 IG§5 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, . 25,000 head. Market
strong. Sheep, $4&4 50; lambs, $4 731g'8. ' v
HOGS — Receipts, 12,000 head. Market steady.
Bulk of sales. $5 15©5 20; heavy. $5 15©5 25;
packers. $5 15@5 22 Vj: pigs and light. $5@3 25.
MISCKI-LAIVEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign F«tures v
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening \u25a0 « 10% 6 10>(,
CTosing 0 11 Q 10%
PARIS. .
Wheat— Oct. • Jari.-Apr.
Opening ;... 23 00 23 li.V
Closing 22 05 23 65
Flour— .
Opening .".0 80 3120"
Closing .... ......... 30 70 3110
St. Louis Wool Market. *
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 19. — WOOL— Market steady.
Territory and Western mediums, 2B<£3oc; fine
medium, 22020 c; fine, 19@21c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, .Oct. 19.— WHEAT— Club. 73c;
bluesteni, 70c; valley. 71© 72c.
Northern Business.
PORTLAND, Oct. 19.— Clearing*. ' $825, 138;
balances, 523.040. \u25a0
TACOMA, \u25a0 Oct. 19. — Clearings. $542.;',53;
balances, $:*S.3SS.
SPOKANE, Oct. 10.— Clearlrgs, $6>6013;
balance*. $123,398. </v „, -'\u25a0/\u25a0
SEATTLE, .Oct. 19.— Clearings, f1,222,0J5;
balances. $306,785.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and, Bullion.
LOCAL • :
fiterllng' Exchange, sixty days.. — Q4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 04 SO
ptnrllriT Ex^.-.ncre. .cabl»s ...... — ©4 37
New York Exchange, eight .... — @ oa
New York Exchange, . telegraphic —. @ 05
Silver, ptr ounce... b"2sJtf
I Mexican Dollar*, nominal . . ... . . — @ 47%
; INTERNATIONAL. .
I New York on -.Paris ....:... .....5.16%
! New York on Mexico ...,2C2
i *7ui on Lon-un- "....'. £5. l V
Berlin on London \u25a0 .'••-. . . • • . . . ... .20.4514
;• ; Wheat and Other Grains.
./WHEAT— There was a decline of %c at
Chicago, but : futures here held -up after a
lower opening 1 . There wan nothing new In. the
cash, situation. •\u25a0: :.? , » - ; ; ; .
- CASH WHEAT. \:
California Club. csl 40«? l 45; : California
White Australian, $1 60® 1 55: lower grades of
California • Wheat, $1 15(31 30: Northern Club.:
spot, $1 40@l 42%: Northern Bluestem, $1 43®
1 47H; Northern ' Red.. $1"J2%©1 35 per ctl.
-FUTURES. . ' ; . - *
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
•\u0084:\u25a0:.-. Open. 'High. - -Low. : Close.'
December ;...sl ' ;ii>% -'*1 3ST4 $1 as% $133! «
May ....V... 1 41% 1 4l^ : 1 41% \ 1 41%
2•2 • p.": m. Session. ;.„'."-
December— $1 35!4 ' bid," $1 30 asked. \u25a0• . ;
•BARLEY — AVhile there was > less : firmness : in
the i cash grain yesterday, previous quotations
were maintained, though sales were ' few. ; ; Che
valier s was . quoted . higher ' and .- the " order ' for
600 ' tons, . mentioned X". yesterday, ' ! . was ' - filled
within the advanced range of prices below.
Futures were' fairly active and somewhat
higher. .. \u25a0 . :. \u25a0 \• : •
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 05@l 10'fpr common and $1 12M9
1 15 for good^o'cholce": new "Brewing. $1 16&
@1 17%;IOHtvalier, $1 17%<gl 32% per ctl.
• ,; --'J^T FUTURES.
; >^; : Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
/' ' . Open. High." Low. Close.
/December ...$1 13%* |l 14 $1.13% |1 13%
May ........ 115 115% 115 115*4
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. > Low. Close.
December ...$1 13% $1 U% $1 13% $1 13*4
May 1 15% 1" 15% 1 15% 1 16%
OATS — There is nothing new to report, the
market being well supplied and quiet.
Red $1 35@1 60 for choice. Jl 2S®l 32% for
fair to good and $1 15@1 22% for common;
Black $1 50@l 75 for good to choice, for seed
»nd down to?l 25 for ordinary feed; White.
SI 35@1 47%; Graye, nominal.
.CORN — Another invoice of 600 ctle came in
; from the West. The market rules \u25a0 steady at
previous prices.
Western sacked, $1 4001 50 for Yellow.
¥1 32%ifl 37% for White and $1 4O@l 42% for
Mixed; California large Yellow. nominal;
small round do, $1 6U®l 65; White, nominal:
Egyptian, $1 4C@l 50 for White and $1 35©
1 40 for Brown. , - .-
RYE— $l 42%©1 52% per ctl. Th« tnalde
quotation Is for Eastern.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 25 per ctl.
- -\u25a0 . .
Flour and Farinaceous Goods).
FLOUR— California Family -Extras. $4 800
C 10, usual terms; Bakers" Extras. $4 7035:
Oregon and Washington, $3 75@4 25 per bbl.
FAKINACEOUS GOODS— Prices In packages
are as follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100
lbs- Rye Flour. $3 75; Rye Meal. $3 50; Rice
\ Flour, #8; Corn Meal. $2 76; extra Cream. do,
$3 75; Oat Meal $4 50@4 75; Oat Groats. $4 75;
i Hominy. $3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour. $4 sO@
4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 SO:
i Whole Wheat Flour. *3 50; Rolled Oats. bble.
$7@S- In sacks. $0 50@7 50; Pearl Barley, $6;
Split Peas, boxes, $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per
100 lbs. '\u25a0\u25a0'.- \u25a0.-' '\u25a0
liny and Feedstuff*.
Hay is quoted quieter and easier in spite of
reduced receipts, and buyers are holding oft,
though there Is no change In prices. Feed-
Btuft'B continue firm.
BKAN~|23®24 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *2« 50@29 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $23©24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $24@25.
Cocoanut Cake at mill, $20 50; Jobbing.
$21; Cocoanut Meal at mill, $20 50: Jobbing.
$21* Corn Meal. $30@30 50; Cracked Corn.
$:J0 50®31; Mixed Feed, $23ig24; Horse
Beans, J3o<@'4o per ton: Broom Corn Feed, 9i.c
per ctl-. Calf alfa Meal, carload lots, $21; Job
bing, $22 50 per ton; Mealtalta, $18 in car low
and $20 for smaller quantities. ".
HAY — Wheat, $11 SUOIB 50; Whtat and Oat.
$11®13 50; Oat, $9@13 50; Uarley and Oat, t $SB
12- Barley, $S@11; Volunteer Wild Oat, $7@11;
stable. $U@S; stock. $55 7; Alfalfa, $6 50@9 10
per ton.
STRAW— 3O@6Oc per bale.
Beuns and Seeds.
More ' firmness In Lima Beans is reported,
though It has not yet taken the form of an
advance. Blackeyes and email Whites are aUo
firm. . Pinks continue weak under liberal ar
rivals." The other descriptions remain without
feature. Receipts were again lighter yester
day, being 4567 sacks, making 33.551 sacks
thus far this week.
BEANS— Bayos. $3@3 25; Pea, $3 25@3 30;
Butter, $3 50; small White, $3 10@3 30; larg*
White. $202 45; Pink. $18002 10; Red, $:* 83®
4- Lima, here, $3 25©3 40; Red Kidneys, $3 5U@
3*75- Blackeyes, $i 40@4 50 per \u25a0 ctl; Horet;
Beans, $1 50. , |
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $t 50^J4 15; Yellow,
Mustard, $3 50@3 73; Flaxseed, nominal; Ca
nary. «*4^«%e; Alfalfa, 12c; Rape. 2@2*4c;
Timothy, 5%c; Hemp. 3%c per'lb; Millet. 2%
®3 <'.<?• Broom Corn Seed, $20^21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 75@2 10; Green
Peas. $1 50®2. \ \u25a0
Potatoes, Onions aicrl Vegetable*.
The market for river Potatoes continued very
much dtpreaeed, with only the fanciest offer
ings receiving attention. Salinas .Burbanks
continued to meet with a brisk demand at firm
prices and the market was practically bare of
good stock at the close. Two canoads of
Merced Sweet Potatoes came in, causing an
easier market. ' Onions ruled* firm under mod
erate arrivals and a good speculative demand.
Miscellaneous vegetables were in good de
mand and generally steady, Lima Beans and
Egg Plant being the only exceptions. String
Beans, Cucumbers and Okra were higher.
POTATOES — River Whites, 4C@6sc per ctl;
Salinas Burbanks, S)Cc<gsl 20 per cti; Sweet
Potatoes, Merced, $1 25@1 40 per ctl; river,
$1 per ctl.. %
ONIONS— YeIIow, 75@90c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 4@sc per lb;
String and Wax Beans, 2%@4c per lb;'
Lima Beans, 2@3c per lb; Tomatoes,
50<g75c per box; Summer , Squash. Ssc<gsl
per box; Cucumbers, 40#75c per box; Cabbage,
50c per ctl: Carrots, 50@60c per sack; Garlic.
5%&6 c per lb; Egg Plant, 40@50c per box;
Green Peppers, 40*£65 c per box; Green Okra,
tiO@7sc per box; Marrowfat Squash, $7 50610
per ton; Hubbard Squash, $10 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market was liberally »uppl!el
and generally easy, but there was no actaal
decline in prices. , Hens were the weakest
feature and quite a few coops of that descrip
tion had to be held over. •- Receipts consisted
of 120 coops of domestic stock and a carloid
of Western. Arrivals of Game were rather
light, but' there was no particularly brisk de
mand for anything, and all descriptions etcol
as previously \u25a0 quoted.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 20@22c per lb for
old and 22925 c for young; Geese, per pair. $2;
Goslings $2 25@2 50; DuckJ. $4 50@5 50 per
dozen for old and $4@6 for young; , Hens, $4®
450 for small and $6@7 for large; young
Roosters, $5@5 50; old Rooster?. $( 50*95;
Fryere, $3 50@4; Broilers. $3@3 50; Plgrons,
$1 25@1 60: Squabs. $2@2 25. .
GAME — Per dozen — Mallard Ducks, $4@5;
Canvasback, $5@7; Sprig, $3^3 50; Gray Ducks,
$2- Teal, .$2; Widgeon. $2: small Ducki*.
$1 75- Gray Geese. $3; White Gees», $1 23@1 50;
Brant $2 for larg* and $1 50 for^emall; Hare,
$2- Cottontail Rabbits. $2 50; Brush Rabbits.
$I*6o. -\u25a0-
Butter, Cheese and Esgti.
The different markets under this head con
tinued steady to firm yesterday, with all choice
graces cleaned up and in demand. There was
a disposition among 'sellers to go slowly, how
ever, as It was feared that a further advance
might result In a. reaction toward lower price e.
Some houses . quoted - 44c for the best ranch
Eggs, but they were In the minority, and such
sales were not. only few. but of a retail char
acter. Receipts continued to diminish.
Receipts were 21,400 lbs Butter, 409 cases
Eggs and 44,800 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— 'Creamery at first hands, 30<jMlc
for extras and 2S®2»c for lower, and medium
grades: dairy. 24@23c; co.d storage, 52@24e.
latter figure for <xtra creamery: store Butter,
21c: "Eastern, 24©24% c per lb. .-
CHEESE— Choice. 13@i:iHc: fair to good,
12012 '4c; Young Americas, 13^@14c; Western.
14c- Eastern, 15@16c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 42 14043 V4c for large white.
30®41c for fair to £o°d and 37%<@3Sc fcr the
lower grades; cold storage. 26@2Se; store Egg*,
nominal; Eastern firsts. 24@20c; seconds. 20®
22MjC- per dozen. . .- .. .\u25a0 -\u25a0
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
A feature of the market was the arrival of
20 boxes of new crop Grape Fruit from Tulare
County. The fruit was offered at $3 50®4 per
box, but -found few takers, being too green to
attract trade. Otherwise there was nothing
new to report In Citrus goods. Dullness con
tinued to characterize \u25a0 the ' Apple market and
there was very, little business reported at the
top quotation, 00c per box being about the
top for the general run of fancy stock. Sup
plies'of the other tree fruits were extremely
light and firm prices ruled for all descriptions.
Melons were plentiful and dull, with the cool
weather still operating against trade. Grapes
continued to weaken under heavy arrivals, par
ticularly from Martinez and - Stockton, and
there was a heavy surplus of all kinds, save
Isabella, still unsold at the close.- There was
practically no . market for Wine Grapes, and
for poor stock no reasonable offer was refused.
Berries were' In light but ample supply and
all varieties had a downward tendency.
STRAWBERRIES;— Ptr chest— Lo.igworths.
$5(35; large varieties, $3 75@4 50; Santa Clara
Berries. $8(37. ' .
RASPBERRIES— Per .chfst, $7010.
BLACKBERRIES— S4OS.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@IOc per lb.
•\u25a0 CRANBERRIES -Care Cod. . JS©lO 50 per
bbl- Oregon, $3@3 25 per box.
APPLES— Ssc@sl p«r box for fancy and 400
7Dc for common to choice.
-•PEACHES— SmaII boxes, $I@l 25; carriers,
PEARS— Rartlett, $2@2 50 per box; "Win
ter Nellls. $1 25@1 50 per -box; other varieties,
7Scfi*l 25 per box. . -
- PLUMS— 7Sc®SI per box or crate. .\u25a0
"POMEGRANATES — 50c®$l for small and
$1 75®2 60 \u25a0\u25a0 for Urge boxes.
\u25a0\u25a0 PERSIMMONS— 9Oc(&SI 25 per box. '
PlGS— 7sc@sl 75 per i box. ,
I QUINCES— 75cfi$lptr bpx.
\u25a0 MELONS — Cantaloupes, $I©2 per crate; Nut
meg" Melons, 40ii?00c per. box; Watermelons,
$l-50®2 60 per dozen. \u0084 »,
GRAPES — Small ' packages — Muscat. 40J?75c:
Black, 80tfI75c: Tokay. 40@75c;- Isabella-. $1 25
®1 50; Cornlchon. - 75@fl0c. -Large boxes-
Black 6Oiy.*tsc: Tokay. 75c«251; Muscat. 7."c®
$1 25- Cornlchon. . §I@l 25;. Wine Grapes, Zin
fandel, $20@25 '\u25a0 per ton ; other varieties. $ 15®
20 wr ton. ! - • •
CITRUS ; AND TROPICAL FRUITS — Or
anges Valtneias, $2@4 60 per box; Navels, $4®
4 25; -Lemons. $I®3 50; Grape -Fruit. $2 60®
3 80- ' Mexican.. .Limes- $4©4 50 per case; Ba
nana's.' Hawaiian, nominal; Central" American.
$2 Co@3 50 per btinch ; Pineapples, $2@3 per
dozen. . '• . .". .- '
Dried Fruits, Nats, Rnlslns and. Honey.
•' FRUlTS— Apricots,' . 7V»®loc • for Royals and
B%&l2e;for Moorparks: Peaches, Sc for stand
ards, ;BHc- for choice, . 9c : for extra "choice and
oy.@loc.for fancy- Pears., 7H@l24e; Nectar-:
1ne5,, 7%(38^c for white and 7^®794c for Red;
Plume;' pitted,:- 6@7c | for ,,-. Black. . 7o'S>o 4 for • Red ,
and 7s?9e for Yellow;. Silver Prunes, ,7®BHc;
Evaporated : Apples. 7@BHc: sun-dried. per
lb • '\u25a0\u25a0 Figs." : boxes, ; 50c i for ,- choice ; \u25a0: 55c • for : extra
choice ; an»t 00@05c for fancy: bulk white, 2%@
4c perlb: black.' 2%®3c.- —-::'\u25a0- '
. PRUNES — Old . crop. 3g-3Vic per lb basis for
the four sizes and 3 U @3% c basis for the large
sizes.- New crop Prunes. 3%@4c basis for the
four sizes (60-100) and I@4 Vic, basis for th«
large and small sizes.
RAISINS— Loose. 4-crown. 6%c • per lb: 3
crown: Cc; 2-crown. B%c. Seeded Raislne —
Fancy. lt> ounces, SV»c; fancy. 12 ounces. H%c:
choice. 10 ounces, 8c; choice. 12 ounces, >-%c;
Imperial Clusters. J3 : per 20-lb box; Debe».is,
$2 B0; fancy. $2; :t-crown London Layers,
$1 50; 2-crown. $1 40- seedless standard looie
Muscatels. 4Vac; same floated. 4%c; - seedliss
Sultanas, s@7c; Thompsons. GUc; bulk fancy,
ixyio't/c: bulk choice. Sc: standard, 7c.
NUTS— Almonds: Nonpareils. 14H©15c; I X
L. 13©13% c; Ne Plus Ultra. 12%@13c; Drakes.
11% and Languedoc. 10%@llc; New Walnuts,
No. 1 softshell. 13c; No. 2 0c; No. 1 hardshell.
12% c; No. 2. S%c; Peanuts, ti@7c for Eastern;
Pecans. ll®13c; Cowanute. $4 BO©5; Che.it
nuts. 10@12%c per lb.
HONEY— Comb. 10%@11%e for white and
SfitOc far amber: water white extracted. 60
6%c; white. 4-%@5%c: amber. 4@4%c; dark.
; Hawaiian, 2%c for extracted. \u25a0
BEESWAX- 27(&2dc per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12% c per lb for
heavy, 12% c for light medium. 13%@14c for
light, 14@14*4c for extra light and 18%ei7c
for sugar-cured: dry Salt Sides. 10%@llc; Bel
! lies 12c: Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c:
California Haras. 12*4e; Mess Beef. $9 50
per bbl: extra Mess. $10; Family. $11; prim*
Mess Pork. $14; extra clear. $19 50; Mess.
fl7 50; Pig Pork, $22- Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked
Beef; 14c per lb. " I
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6*4 c per lb for
California Compound, 7{?7*4c for Eastern com
pound and 10c for pure: half barrels, pure,
10*4 c; 10-lb tins. !o%c; 5-lb tins. lOJic: S-lb
tins, lie. '
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. B*4c; three
half barrels. B%c; one tierce. 8c; two tierces.
7%c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides continue firm In sympathy with strong
Eastern markets for both Hides and Leather,
and the price of shoes has been advanced 50c
per pair at Chicago.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about %-fJle under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 12% c; medium. 12c; light. ll%c;
Cow Hides, ll%c for heavy and ll%c for
light: ' Stags. B%c: Salted Kip, ll%c; Salted
Veal. 13c; Salted Calf. 13% c; dry Hides. 20c;
dry Kip 17@18c; dry Calf. 22c; Sheepskins,
shearlings. 25®60c each; short Wool. 50C900
each: medium. UocSsl 25: long Wool. |l 25©2:
Horse Hides, salt, $3@3 25 for large and $2 75
tor medium. $2 25 for small and ouc tor Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $2©2 25 for large and *1 75
for medium. $1 50 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry. Mexican. 3lc: dry salted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American. 27c. Goat
skins— Prime Angoras. 75c: extra large do,
$1 25: large, 50@60c; medium. 35@40c; small.
25c
TALLOW — No.- 1 rendered. 4*4©4% c per lb;
No. 2. 3@3%c : Grease. 2®2%c
WOOL— Fall clip — Northern free. 15©17 c;
do. defective. 12®14c; Middle County, free. 15®
17c- do defective, 12@14c; San Joaquin and
Southern. 10@13c; San Joaquin Lambs'. 14 s
16c do. defective, 94? 12c per lb.
HOPS— I9O4 crop. ll#13c; 1906 crop. ll©l3c
per lb. " • ! •
Meat Market.
• There Is nothing new to report under this
head.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 4%(&5%c for Steer* and 3%@4%c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large, s@7c; small. 6®Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, B%©9c; Ewes. 6©9 c
per lb.
LAMB— B© 10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7®B%e per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, lesa 43©
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle.
CATTLE— Steers. 5%@6%c; Cowa and Heif
ers. 4%&5 c.
CALVES— 3%®4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethere. 3%@3%c; Ewes. 3©3*4e
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 »5«03 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 130 to 250 lbs. 5%c:
over 250 lbs. s*4c: under 130 lbs. 5*4 c:
Feeders, nominal; Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars,
50 per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent ofif from
above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 7*4 c spot and 6c for
buyer June-July, 19u6; Wool Baga, 30®33c;
small lots, 31©34 c; Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit
Bags. 6*4i#7c. • .
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $S; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill, $5 50; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $5 50;
Richmond. $8; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$1150; Cannel. $0 per ton; Coke. $11 50@13 per
ton In bulk. and $15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions. $S 50 per short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for eases '
add sc; Linseed. 54c per gallon for boiled and
02c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers* AA, cases. %\ 14fil 16; Lueol, 4Sc for
bolkd and 4Cc for raw; China Nut. cases, 65<?
7Sc. per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. 53c
for Cey!on and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm OIL CSc; natural winter
Snerm Oil, (Uc; extra bleached Winter Whale
Oil. Ssc; natural Whale Oil. 60c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. CSc;
Pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c; No. 1 Neatsfoot OIL
r>7%c: Herring OH. 45c; Salmon Oil, 34c; boiled
Fish Oil. 35c; raw Fish Oil. 35c; Paint OIL 35c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE. ETC.— Water TVhtte
Coal Oil. in bulk. Uc; Pearl OH. in cases.
17% c: Astral. 17% c; Star. 17% c; Extra Star.
20% c; Elaine, 2«c; Eocene. 19% c; Stove Gaso
line. In bulk, 15% c: In cases. 22c; Motor Gaso-
Mine, In bulk, 15% c; Jn cases, 22c; No. 1 En
gine Distillate, iron barrels or drums, 8c; No.
2 do, ti%c : cases. 6%c more; Benzine. In bulk.
12*-jC: cases, -19c; 86,-degree Gasoline. In bulk,
25c! in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— B3c per gallon In cases and
S7c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AXD WHITE*, LEAD— Red Lead. 7%»
B*ic per lb; White Lead, 7%©S*4c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western* Sugar Refining Com
pany quotts as follows, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cube*. A Crushed and Fine Crushed 6 30c-
Powdered. 5.15 c; Candy Granulated. 5.15 - Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.05 c: Dry Granulated, coarse
t>.osc; Fruit Granulated. 5.05 c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 4.95 c; Confectioners'
A. 5.05 c; Magnolia A. 4.65 c: Extra C. 4.55 -
Golden C, 4.45 c; "D," 4.35 c; barrels. 10c more
half barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels,, 5.55 c; boxes. 5.80 c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnds. 8.05 c per lb. No order taken for less
than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. OCTOBER 19.
Flour. : qr sks.. S.7sOjHay. tona 321
Wheat, ctls .-. 602 Straw, tons ..... 5
Barley, ctls ... s,o3Bj Hops, bales 719
Oats, ctls 1. 2.371 1 Wool, bales .... 491
Corn (West). ctls 60O| Leather, rolls .. 184
Tallow, ctls ... 22s Hides, No «IS
Sugar, ctla 2,160: Pelts, bdls ..... 410
Beans, sks 4,Sb7[Llme. bbls 273
. Shorts, r eks .... t5. Raisins, bxs .... 2 000
Potatoes, ska . . 2.574J Paper, rolls . . . . ' 1J270
Onions, 'sks .... 3,2tt»!Wine. gals Si'csO
Bran, sks I&s! Calfskins, bdls.. '24
Middlings, sks.. ltOi ßroom Corn, bdli 65
Mustard, sks ... 300! , 3C«.^
STOCK MARKET.
Comstock Mining Share* More Active
and Generally Higher.
The Comstock mining shares were the most
interesting stocks yesterday, showing more
activity, with a higher range of prices. Ophlr
sold up to $6. The Tonopahs . exhibited no
tcaturea worthy of note. On • the Stock and
Bond Exchange there was a fair business of
$77,C0U in bonds, but (tucks were dull and de
void of feature- \u25a0 .•
The Techau Tavern Company of San Fran
cisco paid a dividend -of $1 per share on the
Issued capital stock yesterday.
The stockholders of the Bank of Italy of
San Francisco have been called upon- to pay in
another installment of the subscribed capital
stock In the form of an assessment of $10 per
share, which will be delinquent November 11.
Th« receipts of the Brunswick Consolidated
Mining Company of Grass Valley from bullion
produced last month were over $10,000, and
the company now has a good balance In ths
treasury. . \u25a0*•
The stockholders of the Western National
Bank have authorized an Increase In the capi
tal stock from $500,000 to $1,000,000, owing to
the expansion of the tank's business.
. The Anaconda Copper Mining Company of
Montana paid a . dividend of $1 25 per share
yesterday. 1 Thla compares with 75c paid In
April.- 1905, and 50c paid about this time .In
10C4. . \u25a0\u25a0 :- .'
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY Oct. 19 2 p. nu
, . UNITED . STATES BONDS.
Bid. A«k.l Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..lo4«ilir^'4s qr ep nw.134 134%
4s qr reg...104%105V3 B qr coup... — IO4U
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A Wss — \u25a0—; jOk T Con 5a.U2 —
Asso-01l 5s 90 — . OW. gtd Bs. — 08
Bay CPC sa.lOS«i — {Oceanic S 5s — 65
' Cal CO 5e.107 — lOrn Cable 6».120H —
Cal O 4Ej I Pac Glm4s 95 —
'm & ct 5s 99Vi CB%'P E Ry 5».112%4U2H
Cal-st C Ss.lllKl^H Pac L&P 55. 101% —
C C Wat ss. — 108 P& C H 65.102% —
Ed L&P 65.124% — P& O R 65.110 —
F&GH 68.113 — Powell-«t 65. 11 l —
G»ary-st Bs. 25 50 Pac/E»&R55.11044 —
H C&8 5%5.104U — . |SF & SJVss.ll9Vi —
Do 5S ....1P4% — SF.O &5J55.111% —
Hon R T 6«.ll0 — I Sierra R , 6s. 1 12=*
L A Elee 5s — — S P. of ACi '
LAG &E1 5s — 103 (1909) .... — 10SU
L' A Ry 55.11«% — (1910) ....108% —
LAL gtd 53.105 — BPof C 6s
:LAPlcmss.lUH — , , (1906) ....102 —
LAP C 55.. 107 V1 — (1912) ....112*4113^
Mkt-st C 65.114U115% SPC 1 cir 55.120U —
Do 1cm55.115, — S-PB R 65.134 —
»"'«. MtTss. 105 — - 8 V,Wat 6s.IC2U —
KRofiC 65.104 104\i Do *» 2dm.1C0% —
:-j Do 5a *:. .119 ' — * Do 4s 3dm.100 - —
,N P C R05.105%10614 Doe m?r4s.lCo% —
NIC Ry ss. — 111% Stkn G&Efis, —
NC P C ss. — " . — UG & E 53.104^1051;
O GL&H 58.108% — UR of SF ia 59% 88)4
AUCTION SALES
fe £?*
Don't. Miss or Forget*.
oAiURJAY, Octcbir 2.sr, at iU in.,
I WILL SELL
20 head of all-puipo^e horsis. 4 p nles and rlg«.
several s?ts of harness, several bugg.es and
wagons; no reserve or limit; sold to h.ghest
bidder.
AT «3 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
Ole TCo 63.121 — iVal Co P 55.104%109
Do 5» 112%113%,T0s SL 4%«. 92% 9AM
' WATER STOCKS.
Contra C«ta 48 Vi 49 (Port Co«ta... — 68
Martn C 0... 61 — |S V Wat Co 40 4014 •
* GAS ANT> ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P 3%— iSFG&E. 84»i 84*4
Martel Powr 2 — Do certfs.. 84% 83
Mutual B U 16H 16%|stkn G& E. 5 —
Pac L C 0... 72% — i
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Pd.337% — |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl 8k.123 130 |L P & A... — IBS
Anglo-Cal .. — 03% M«r Trust... 22o —
Bank of Cat. 423 — 'Merch Ex... to —
Cal Safe Dp.ISS ICO |S F National — 160
First Natnl.XJS 330 |
SAVING 3 BANKS.
Ocr S & L.3CCO — | Say & L So. ICO —
Hum S 8k.20C0 — (Sec Sar 8k.395 —
Mutual Say. — — \ Union T C 0.2700 3300
S F Say- U. 700 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..220 — 1 Presidio .... — —
Geary — 40 [
POWDER.
Giant Con.. 77*4 78 I
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C 53% S4%,Makaweli C. 36 —
Honokaa SC 15 15S Or.omea SC. 34 31*4
Hutch SPC 15% ltf (Paauhaa SC 23 —
Kllauea S C 3% 4%,
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 60% 62 (Oceanic S Co 4i; S
Cal FCA. 98 99 | Pac Aux FA. 3% —
Cal Wine A — 84%IPac C 80rx.132% —
MV4 MtTm.loo — j PacS Tel Co. 101**105
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Giant Powder Con 7S CO
84 S F Gas & Electric 84 30- •
30 Spring Valley Water Co 40 Ct>
$G.OOO Hawaiian Coml & Sugar C« 104 50
*2.0C0 Pacific Electric Ry 5s 112 12*4
$I,COO S F & 8 J V 5s 119 25
$4,000 United R R of S F 4s 89 25
Street — \u25a0
5 Makaweli 35 75
$4,000 Northern Cal Power Co 5«....10U00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
110 Makaweli 36 00
120 Onomea Sugar Co 34 OO
270 Spring Valley "Water C 0...... 40 00
$2,000 Associated Oil Co 5s 00 00
$2,000 Cal Gas &EIGM&CTS»..9O 37V&
$2.C00 Cal Gas i D G M 4 C T 5a.. 90 25
$2. 0C0 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge)...loO 62 *»
$12,000 United R R of 3 F 4a 89 25
Street —
20 Spring Valley Water Co 40 CO
$5,000 United R R of S F 4s 89 25
$35.CC0 Pacific Electric Ry 5a 112 U5 ,
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I . Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC ««.10tt — SF G&E4%».102 —
B L Wat 6«.114 — ISF& NP 5a.112 —
Cal NW 55. 11 l — |3 P C R 4a. 9«% —
M C Wat 5* — 114 | Sun Tel 65.. 112 — '
O T Con 55.106 106*4| Do 5s 11041X1
Risl WksSs.loo — [Suttr-st R5e.105 110
8F Drdk &5.115 — |
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 28 | Gas Con A. — 20
Am Bis C 0.102 — IMat Say C 0.125 183
Cal Cot Mis 89 91 [Mils Nat 8k.325 —
Cal G&ECor 90 91 NS R R Co. — 12*4
C Jockey CL122%130 | N Cal P Co. 10% 11%
Cal Powder.ltSO — lOk Bk Sav.lso —
Cal Ship Co — 25 [lOOF Hall A 6*4 —
CalT I & T. 163 175 Orpheum Co. 16 —
Cen Bk, Ok — 73 PacC Cas Co. 140 —
Chutes Co. . — 8 Pac Sur Co. — 120
Clty& C 8k.107%119 Paraf Paint. — 90
Cyp L Imp. 5 6 . S F Drydock — 75 ..
DptPwd pfd — 90 ;SF & SJCoal 20 —
Do com .. 75 90 3 Jose Wat.lO3*> —
FS Bk. 0k.120 — JSO& MTgbt.l2s —
Flschr Thtr 75c — ISo Pac Co. . — 6S
Frnch-A 8k.108% — ISwlss-A 8k.125 130
Hono P Co. — 36 I Truck Elect. 17% —
Do old pi. — 38 J Union S Co. — 37*4
Do nw pi. — 37 | W-Fargo 8k.202% —
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
OH Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Arllne 40
Associated Oil Stock Tr Cert. 54 55
California-Standard 41 ....
Chicago Crude (New) 08 .... ..«.
Clareznont '. 75 ....
Forty •••• 5a 55
Home 55 60
Illinois Crude 20
Independence 21 22
Kern ....:. 14 00
Kern (New) 30
Kern River » 50
Occidental of W Va 0* ....
Oil City Petroleum 75 80
Peerleas t ot>
Reed Crude 24 ....
Senator 1 60 ••••
Shawmut <*
Sovereign 25 ....
Superior .................... ....
Toltec CO ••••
Twenty-eight -.- ** c <>
Wabash 33 ••»•
OFFICIAL SALES. ,
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Caribou Oil 8 C?
1000 Reed Crude Oil ••••• 34
• Afternoon Session.
Board —
1000 Independence - **
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANOB.
Following were- the sales on th« San Fraa
dsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
9:30 a. m. Seosloo — Corns tock*.
400 Andes 29 COO Overman .... 12
600 Belcher S 3 400 Potosi 19
800 Belcher 34 600 Potosi 15
250 Bruns C Va. 02 100 Savage W
600 Chollar 18,1 COO Savage 55
300 Con Va M..155 600 Scorpion 1*
600 Con Va M..1 SO 800 Seg Belcher.. 05
100 Confidence .. 80( 100 Sierra Nev ..* 39
1200 Crown Point. CO 100 Sierra Ncr .. 39
1400 Gould & Cur. 27| 700 Sierra Ncr .. 3T
"00 Hale &. Norc.l 3O[ 100 Silver Hill .. 93
*>0O Justice ...... 04| ICO Union Con .. 88
400 Mexican ....1 231 400 Union Con .. 59
200 Mexican ....130 200 TJtah 05
200 Ophlr 5 57%[1000 Yellow Jacket 25 .
12 m. Informal Session — Comstocka.
300 Alpha 121 2CO Occidental ... 88
200 Andes 291 ICO Occidental ... 90
MO Andes 30 SCO Ophlr 8 87%
200 Andes 31 ICO Ophlr 575
12<>0 Belcher 32. 100 Ophlr. b 80.. ft 00
SCO Best & 8e1..l 55[ 2CO Overman, .... 12
800 Best & 8e1..l «O) 500 Overman .... 13
100 Bullion 35t1600 Potosi 18
100 Caledonia ... 45 100 Savage 65
600 Chollar 16 100 Savage 5*
1300 Con Va M..1 SO 600 Sierra 2%Vr .. 37
2100 Con Va M..1 85 ICO Sierra Ncr .. 33
200 C Va M.bCo.l 85 1500 Sierra Ncr .. 36
700 Crown Point. C 9 200 Silver Hill ..93
500 Gould A Cur. 28 950 Union Con .. 57
2100 Gould & Cur. 27 15C0 Union Con . . 68
100 Hale & Norcl 30115C0 Utah 03
2CO Hale & Norc.l 23[ 1100 Utah W
1000 Mexican ....1 3OIICOO Yellow Jacket 25
800 Mexican" 1 35; SOO Yellow Jacket 28
100 Mexican, D 30.1 4C| -
2 p. m. Session— Conutoclu.
ICO Alpha v 23° Exchequer ... 52
200 Ande ~. 30 900 Gould A Cur. 23
900 Andes • 23 500 Mexican 1 40
100 Andes 27 400 Potoat 19
4CO Belcher 30; 200 SaTags \u25a0 69
300 Caledonia ... 461 4CO Savage 55
500 Bruns C Va. OvJ'looo Scorpion 15
500 Bruns Savage C2j 400 Seg Belcher.. 05
200 Challenge . .. 19[ 100 Sierra Nev . . 35
250 Con Va M...1 SS[ICOO Sierra Nev .. 3«
100 Con Va M...1 801 200 Union Con .. 59
100 Crown Point. «9[ 400 Yellow Jacket 25
CLO6IXO QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask.' Bid. Ask.
Alpha ....... 11 121 Gould & Cur. 25 27
Alta O* 05' Hale & Norc.l 25 130
Andes 2tf 2S/'Justlce 03 04
Belcher 29 3l'Julla 07 09
Best & Bel.-l 50 1 55[Kentuck 02 03
Bruns C Va. C 2 —Lady Wash... -CS 04
Bruns Chollar 01 — IMtxlcan 1301 35
Bruns G& C 01 — Occidental ... 37 90
Bruns Potosi. 01 — tOphlr 5"5 5 87%
Bnina Savage 01 — tOphlr- Bruns.. .07 10
Bullion 39 43! Overman .... 11 12
Caledonia ... 45 47 [ Potosi 15 19
Challenge ... IT 18|3avage 53 54
Chollar 18 17| Scorpion. 14 15
Con Va M...1 75 180 Seg Belcher.. 05 00
Con Imperial 01 C 2, Sierra Nev . . 33 34
i Confidence .. 79 SI St Louis .... 'C 6 —
Crown Point. CS 10. Silver Htll ..92 93
Con N V.... — 621 Syndicate — 11 —
E Sierra Nev 08 » 5. Union Con . . 5.1 53
Eureka C0n..2 CO 2 S3JUtah ...: 03 07
Exchequer -.52 Si Yellow Jacket 24 23
TONOPAHAND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
." Morntn? Session.
6000 Adams ...... <H| 100 Mont T0n.. .2 47%
75C0 Adams °* «» Mont Ton ...2 45
2CCO Blue B«ll .../'O5 ISCO M.nt T0n... 2 42%
ICCO Blue Bell .~- 0«r ICO North Star... 47
500 Brunswick .. 46| 500 Orig Bullfrog. 21
10C0 Den Bullfrog 32 ICO Red Top .... 63
SCCO Dn Blfg Anx 061 50C0 Red Top Ex.. 01
ICO9 Diamondfleld. * 22; 2COO Sc Ivea , >14
700 Gold Bar ... 19 ICO Ton Belmont..l 40
1000 Jumbo Ex .. 221 20CO Ton Gold itt. 12
1C»)O Kendall, b 10. 20* fOU Ton Midway.. l 40
1000 Line Harris.. (J2; 1100 Vernal <H
ICCO L Harris. b3O C3.|O^HR
:' Afternoon Session.
8100 Adams ...... 04| 2CO Kendall .:... .19
20CO Big , BlfrK.s3o 11, 1000 Llda San^l.. 25
Continued <m Pa*« Mb
1516
DENIS O'SULLIVAN TO SING
BEAUTIFUL IRISH BALLADS
A Breezy Magazine
SUFFERING FROM ATTACK
OF BLOOD POISONING
NAMESAKE OF SIR WALTER
SCOTT BREAKS PEACE.
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
EQUAL SOUFFRAGISTS
TO HOLD CONVENTION
NIGHT'S CAROUSE NEARLY
ENDS FATALLY FOR THREE