VOLUME XCVIII— NO. SO.
Continued on Vrnge Z, Columns 3 and »
t\u25a0: CARACAS, ;_ Venecu ela,' Aug. \u0084 : 1 8.-^
4 Russell.^thev American';. Miri l
ister.Viwill>present Jhis^ credentials^ to
President*; Castro"^nyAugrust ' 29. "."'" 4 , * *
Is: Ueady. to'^leet Castro.
• liONpON,./Au"g.'j 18."'.-^ John "Jackson.
•American"-; Minister.. : "to'* Greece \u25a0 and '- dip-_
lomatic agent .in* Bulgaria/Tarrived here
* to-day.- / He "?' will -\u25a0' sail v for*; home - Au
•giist-'22..;-;\u25a0 ;;; n - ; C"v" v*.' ; " \u25a0 '.'-*•
Diplomat on • Way ; Home.
ST. PAUL. Aug. IS.-The strike of
telegraphers on the Great Northern was
officially called off at »:15 to-night, the
men on that line having voted by a large
majority to return to work. The Ques
tion of continuing on strike or returning
to work is being voted on on the .North
ern Pacific, but up to 11 o'clock to-night
not .sufficient advice had been received
to make a definite announcement as to
th« result.
President Perham, however, stated that
the Indications" were that \u25a0 the Northern
Pacific operators would vote to continue
the strike. H# expect* to have a. definite
knowledge of ' the result of the vote to
morrow.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— The victim of a
vendetta, a young Italian died to-day,
pierced thirty-six times. by the stilettos
of murderers. His body was, found in a
beaten path which -winds; through the
thickly wooded northern portion of .Van
Cortlandt Park. Edward Taylor, a* botan
ist, , employed ; by the .department 'of
parks, stumbled over, it at about 1 o'clock.'
Thirteen of ; the -wounds ' were^ through
the walls of the'ehest^and, in the. region
of the heart. 'There_were ten stab wounds
in tho : abdomen _arid .nine ?in the yback.*
That the victim ." had \u25a0 tried ' to . ward off
the attack of his • murderers was shown
by wounds in his. arms. were four.
It was plain that robbery was not \he mci
tive I for the crime as ? the man's 'pockets
bad not been rifled. ' The tneory- of, ven
detta was borne out by the statement of
a pollceman.and ;a;bby ' ; who- had- seen 'a
party, of Italians, some , of them bleeding
Jrom wounds, 1 hurry" from the ' 'vicinity.' \u25a0•\u25a0
]Slen of the Great Northern
Decide to Go Back to
the Tickers and Stations
- . - '. • .;-.\u25a0.,'\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0*"\u25a0 \u25a0 :\u25a0 . \u25a0-: !
VENTURA, Aug. IS.— "Wanted: A
teacher for the Santa Ynez School Dis-"
trlct. in Cuyama-. Valley; young woman,'
strong\and .willing to :\u25a0 roiigh'it desired.'
No man -nor old ''maid 5 need: apply; sal-]
ary " $60 .per, month~ for eight • months.-
Apply > > George'L..Sackett, County -.Su- r
perintenderit." . ; / ,*. [
'The above. is the advertisement, it has;
been f oundrhecessary to print.?: Cuyamh.'
Is' ln" a ( mountain, district; reached^ only
by r a rough trail ,a : hundred miles from'
this place arid /eighty; from ; Bakers-.
field. One' teacher there was scared out
by bears 'and ', mountain I 110n5.%; Since
then it : has^ been" hard' to keep a' teacher,
more " th£cioheVterm."-V Mail ; reaches '$ the
valley , every two rweeks arid no' vehicles
of ' any: kind jare^eVeri seen, there. /There
are ', but "few '\u25a0' children; /the* {duties i " are!
llght*andthe>aldry;is_' easily," saved; but
it . is " toq'Jdhely : arid, inaccessible for I the'
only! kind 'of; teacher, thfc' trustees "will'
have. : . ./-'^v',Vj. ; . -"\u25a0'.-\u25a0• - • • \u25a0'• "
," DUBLJN," » Aug.-'lB.-^-Richard Croker
said: to-day'that; his daughter,' Florence.
wasnow married and 'that, he had given
her" his^consorit *and;blessing., Beyond
' t Uis *- he refused -:t6; discuss"? the L , matter,
except , to .^say 4, that and-her
husbandi'were'notvinilr^elarid.V. The 'man
Mi ss '.Croker^ was, reported to have mar
ried-, was '.Count- LiOuis.'Sah :MartinoJ I
Special : Di spatch to '- The Call.
; { SIOUX •« CITY, -Aug. ; lB.r-Nr. S. Greene,
former president; of 'the Exchange I Bank
at Dow City, 'has /written a- letter 'to^
the County, Attorney/ in" which he offers
to \u25a0,: surrender,"! provided:' h'e\ will inot'ibe'
prosecuted <on; the! charge of defrauding
depositors ; ,out' : of . $i 00.000.- .; '"•.:\u25a0 - \u25a0
. < He^disappeared; eighteen months ago, ?
leaving ia'. shortage ; in: : this sum:/; He'
wasjocatedfeightimonths.ago inCali-':
«fornia;:but leludedi the and'
now> writes '.from; Vancouver .that, he- is]
on his way; to /Alaska.'; -He^bemoans i the'
fact »that: he 'must'- alTahdon; his? family]
and" says:: it^would ''gratify :< him; . could;
he » be - captured '\u25a0 and ». shot »'or } hanged.V bu t :
thatih"eican':never.ibea'r;to*go.to;prls6n^
He ifequesta'jthatl-hisvcreditbrsrWetvto-j
gether | and not . ; to] prosecute 'him
on fcoridition'-: that •' he *• return 5 ; with A his'
famlly,^settl6' 4 ;down;;lnrhls 'former ~10-'
callty arid ; gradually^ repay " :\u25a0 them.'; y; Tb;
send' him^ to -prison^ he would do!
them*:no-good,' : ;and*not'be;an^y-'protec- ) ;
'Uon ; to ' society. V ' '~'~\ " v y!""': ' '.\ ';
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Stabbed Six
Times by Countrymen
in Gotham Park.
TELEGRAPHERS'
STRIKE IS OFF
Says^He ? :Coiisente^
/. ito Wedding.
Former 'i Political Boss
Position Open for Brave
School Teacher in
the? South;
low^Banker Wlio Stole!
$200, 000 Growing ; \u25a0!
Homesick 1
ITALIAN LAD
THE VICTIM
OF VENDETTA
MISS CROKER
IS MARRIED,
SAYS FATHER
WOULD RETURN
IF ASSURED OF
NO PROSECUTION
WANT WOMAN
WHO DOES NOT
FEAR BEARS
IRULKR OF ALL. THE RUSSIAS. WHO' YESTERDAY ISSUED A MANIFESTO GRANTING. -TO HI3 SUBJECTS;THE RIGHT ( TO
. EI..ECT REPRESENTATIVES TO AN ASSEMBLY THAT SHALL HAVE A VOICIIT IN *THE GOVERNMENT OF- THE
LAND RULED BY THE ROMANOFFS. i •\u25a0 ' " • \u25a0\u25a0 . . ./"\u25a0\u25a0• .• ' - • ".
Jones was shot three times through
the breast with a A 4 -caliber Winchester,
rifle. Another shot took effect in his
shoulder and onein the. arm. The two
other shots /took effect' in his' hips.
The battle with the bandits took'
place near the lihe'of Washington and
Idaho, .about seventy-five miles from
Spokane. Jones was- a. crack marks
man and put up one of the -most des
perate, rights, ever known in. that part
of the country. He -was armed only
with -a Colt's revolver, while the rob
bers had Wlnche'ster .rifles. It is not
known whether there were more than
four in the gang. :
Jones was - unmarried. He came _ to
Denver with his sister from Oklahoma
about three -years ' ago! 'and. followed
general contracting and horse trading.
Jones left for Washington on a trip
last April. His two sisters, Mrs. Willie
Fisher and Mrs. Georgia Nevil, live at
400 Alameda avenue. Information, of
the tragic and desperate affair came in
a letter from C F. Kdwards of Dixie,
Wash. They started for -Washington
to-night after telegraphing. Edwards.
They believe that their brother is dead.
Edwards' letter, indicates that, the
desperate battle occurred at some, out
of the way place In the mountains a
week ago. According to the letter,
Jones was out in the hills prospecting.
He. made a rich' find and' 6old out his
interests for 110,000." Four robbers
waylaid and shot him seven times. He
was' armed and put up a desperate
right, killing three ; of his • assailants
and -wounding the other, who had se
cured his money. \u25a0' . .:*'.' * :>
DKNVER, Colo.. Aug. 18. — Thomas^B.
Jones -of Denver, 'after, selling a mine
in Washington -for $10,000,. started over
land for Seattle ;with the money and
was waylaid "by' four -"bandits. A des
perate battle followed, during which
be' killed three of the robbers and was
fatally wounded. . The fourth robber,
though . wounded, .is thought to have
escaped with the. money.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. It—One great
fear of tho Washington authorities has
been -that the boycott of American goods
by the Chinese would degenerate Into a
feeling of race hatred a^d that a physical
clash xnlrht ensue. Dispatches from
China to the State Department have con
tained the word "apprehensive." The
State Department has queried by cable
asking what Its Informants were appre
hensive of. "Physical violence" is under
stood to have been the substance of the
reply.
It has been told in these dispatches how
placards and pictures are being distri
buted through the disaffected districts in
Southern China showing mobs in Ameri
can cities beating and otherwise mal
treating unoffending Chinamen- Personal
investigation by Government agents who
have recenUy been in China have con
firmed the reports recently received here
of this most threatening aspect of the sit
uation. A purely commercial boycott, it
is believed here, would not be the cause
of so much apprehension as is being
shown by the administration. The prin
cipal fear is that Ignorant coolies in dis
affected areas may be so wrought upon
by incendiary preaching that they will
get out of hand and molest .American
merchants, missionaries and Consuls.
This uneasiness on the part of the ad
ministration Is thought in large part to
account for the appointment at this time
of Mr. Conger as special representative
to China. Travelers who have recently
been in that country assert that Mr. Con
ger holds in unusual degree the respect,
confidence and esttem of the Chinese
Government. It" Js assumed that it will
be his duty to prevail upon the Chinese
Government to issue orders to the Vice
roys in the districts where £he boycott
feeling is strongest to put down with • a
strong hand the first attempts at disorder
that may be made. It is represented that
the Viceroys can do this easily If assured
that such Is the desire of the central
government-. ? • !>v*7-v
Mr,' Conger said last night at Oyster
Bay:«
"Of course, the Government could not,
and very Hkely would \u25a0 not If it could,
compel its subjects to buy . American
goods, but it could and probably would
cay to the Viceroys of the provinces
where the anti-American agitation was
making Itself felt that it must stop, and
it would stop. too. In such respect the
Chinese are the most easily controlled
people In the world."
These remarks are believed here to out
line the kernel of Mr. Conger's mission.
Negotiations looking to the removal of
the purely commercial boycott can be
easily carried on through the regular dip
lomatic channel*.
Conger's Mission Will Be to
Enlist Aid of the Chinese
Government.
Survivor Escapes With $10,
000 the Colorado Man Had
Received for Claim.
Officials in Orient Ap
prehend Physical
Violence.
Kills Three of the Four
Desperadoes Who
Attacked Him.
' v In invoking the blessing of the Lord on < the labors of the
institutions ; established : by us, . and wi th \u25a0_ unshakable con
fidence: in the. grace of God and in the infallibility of
tHe {destinies* reserved- by divine >prbyir
'dericeV^forVouf^t^ firmly hope that, with
INVOKES: BLESSING OF LORD
CONFIDENCE 01 ' ALL PEOPLE
'\ We reserve ; to ourselves : entirely the care of perfecting the
organization of the Gosudarst\ ; erinaia Douma, and when the
course otevehts shall have shown the necessity for changes corre
sponding completely to the needs of the times and the welfare of
the "empire we shall not fail to; give at the proper moment, the
necessary directions. .
Wc*are convinced that those who shall have been elected by
the confidence. of the whole ? people ; and who will -thus be called
upon to participate in the legislative work of the Government will
show themselves" in the eyes of all Russia to be worthy of the
"imperial trust in the virtue of which they have been invited to co
operate in tliis great work, and that, in perfect harmony with other
institutions and authorities of the state established by us, they
will contribute. profitably and zealously to our labors for the
well-being of our common \ mother, Russia, and for, the strength
ening; of the unity, the security and the greatness of the .empire, as
well;as-fprthe tranquility and prosperity of .the people.
empire of Russia is. formed and strengthened by the
indestructible solidarity of the Emperor with the people and of the
people with the Emperor: This concord of Emperor and people is
the great moral force which has created Russia in the course of
"centuries by protecting her from all misfortunes and all attacks,
and has constituted up to the present time a pledge of unity, in
rdepoidence^integnty^* material* well-being and intellectual devel
opment.,- ;• /: ; : > ;-'•_: ; - ; •
In our* manifesto* of February 24, 1903, we called to a close un
derstanding all the faithful sons of the Father, in order to protect
the , organization- .'of the state by establishing on a firm basis the
domestic. life of the empire, and then we devoted ourselves to
the task-:: of ordinating elective public institutions with govern
mental authorities and.of removing the disagreements existing be
tween - them, which had reacted so disastrously on the normal
course of our national life. _
WILL K FORM A LOWER HOUSE
The autocratic Emperors, our -ancestors, constantly had that
object: in view, and the time has come to follow out their good
intentions and to summon elected representatives from the whole
of Russia to take constant and active part in the elaboration of the
laAvs, thereby attaching to the higher state -institutions a special
consultative' body entrusted with the preliminary elaboration and
discussion' of measures and with the examination of the state
budget. .i . ' :;-: ; ; : -.V
It is for this reason that, while preserving the fundamental
law regarding the autocratic power, we have deemed it well to form
a Gosudarstvennaia Douma (lower house of the Assembly) and
to approve the regulations for elections to this douma, extending;
the validity of these laws to the whole territory of the_ empire,
with such exceptions as may be considered, necessary in the case
of some regions where special conditions obtain.
As the participation in .the labors of the Gosudarst
vennaia Douma of delegates from the grand duchy of Finland on
questions concerning the empire in general and the grand duchy
in particular \we will take special measures. *
At the same time, we have ordered the Minister of the Interior
to submit immediately for our approbation regulations for the
: electionsito ,the Douma, so that deputies fronr city governments
and from; the .military province of the* Don may. be able to
assemble not later than the middle of January, 1906.
ST. PETERSBURG, Au% iS.-Emperor
Nicholas has to-day announced th? vrant to the peo
pleof Russia of a national consultative assembly to
be formed by elected representatives from the whole
of Russia. The imperial manifesto, which is pub
lished simultaneously here and at Moscow, and
which .will be read in all the churches of the empire,
is dated at Peter hof to-day and is as Jollows:
Fear Boycott Will
Develop Reign
of Terror.
Denverite Puts Up
Brave FigM
for Life.
Emperor Makes an Impassioned
Appeal to Muscovites.
Desires Peace and Harmony to
Reign in His Big Domain.
WASHINGTON
AUTHORITIES
ARE ANXIOUS
Nicholas Promulgates a ;;^tti£^to.:Grajituig to People of the Empire the
RICH MINER
MURDERED
BY BANDITS
Nicholas, the Czar of all the Russias, has decided to allow his: Objects to have the empire. In a
manifesto issued by him yesterday he granted to the whole people of Riissia .the right; to send to a consultative assembly such rep
resentatives as they see fit to elect. . Not since; the liberation of the serfs has a Rom^hofF yielded to: the demands of the people.
CZAR ISSUES PROCLAMATION GIVING SUBJECTS
VOICE IN THE GOVERNMENT OF RUSSIA.
The CMh Points More News Than Any P&
THE WEATHER.
Forecaat mad* at Saa Franclaoo for
thirty hours ending mldniffht August
1»:
Ran Franc'.soo and - Vlolnlty — Fair
Saturday with fog- In - the morning;
light north wind, chancing to freon
southwest.
A. G. Me ADI E,
District Forecaster.
\u0084. .THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "Prtace Otto."
ALH A MBR A— Hawaiian Band.
CENTRAL— "Land - of the Midnight
\u25a0 ' Bun." ; \
. CHUTES— Vaudeville. '
COLUMBIA— "Mrs. Wlggs of the Cab
bage Patch,"
GRANl>— "King Solomon." Matinee —
"Rabbi Osher." -
. ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLI— "Rob Roy."
Matinees at all the theaters.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
San francisco; fsA^yßM^
The San Francisco CallMan Taken ' Intb: .Custody
and Accused of the \u25a0
:\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0:, Crime.
From here. "the Odd. Fellows and their,
families were escorted? to -San Pablo 1
Hall, where rJCreQe'ptlon;iji<i. > ball: was
held.'. •J A ; banauet ', in , the . handsome "Odd
Fellows'- banauet .a HalJ /"concluded : ; the
evening. ' The' attendahce't was about
800, ; includlrig.'many ",' people ; from ~\ San ,
Francisco,' Oakland and Mother cities.
The- first portion of j.the" evening was
spent -in .-Farragut » Theater; » ; : where
Grand Master VW.'il. '.Barnes Vof San
Francisco delivered: an ".address- upon
"The American j Odd FeUowy : and Harry
D.) Richardson; of vVallejo spoke pn the
history of , the ; lodge. . :• A vaudeville pro
gramme concluded the (Entertainment
in the theater.;;;.. :..,'. :^:J.',..f'.}. , :'\u25a0;. ,:
.VAIXEJQ, Aug. - l«:^^The , fiftieth 'an
niversary ,of' the \u25a0institution of ".".San i
Pablo Lodge No. 43, Independent Order
of Odd Fellows, was celebrated here
this evening. San Pablo Lodge, was in
stituted"'in ' 1556 • ana -but'; six- of the
charter members .are.; i^qw ' living. •. It
has property, valued';'*at,:over v .'H00,600 :
and .a membership "that Is" one of the
largest of any. -'lodge Ar£ California. It
numbers among Its members "prominent
citizen s< all over. • the.; coast.' \u25a0\u25a0 ... *-:/.' •.* ••
ATTACK MAD^E UPON '
CHILD NEAE VALLEJXJ
ODD; FELLOWS fIOLD " '
A BIG CELEBRATION
PORTSMOUTH, N. H.. Aug. .18.— M.
de Martens has abandoned evidently all
expectations of seeing a treaty of peace
concluded at this-time,' .This .evening
he telegraphed his wife, saying he
hoped to be able to sail for home next
.week. . . ;.;
Next WeeU.
31. De Martens Will Leave for Home
They • save it. Here {at last is the solution—
Twinlock Loose Leaf Ledgers. . v Made :to last
as. long: as you do. So opening new books —
one book does it all. if All accounts are cuirent.'
Made in any size: or 'form of ruling and print-,
ing. :" Used for any -business.' A pleasure for
our salesmen to explain/Catalogue. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. • - *.-
Don't Cost Money—
PORTSMOUTH, N. H.. Aug. lS^The
reserved point in article seven, to which
agreement was. only .reached 'in prin
ciple," relates to the -establishing of
the status south of Harbin, from which
the ceded branch of the , Chinese East
ern Railroad Is to begin.- Russia' re
turned a negative to article --'"ten (the
surrender of \u25a0 the. interned ships) "6n"the ;
ground that such a proceeding would
be against all' International-l aw and
precedent... Qn article -eleven (the limi
tation of Russia's : naval power) "Mr.
Witte fleclines to agree' to allow such a
provision to go into a treaty, but of
fered to- state on behalf of 'his'Govern-'
merit that Ruissia; had""ho intention' of
maintaining . in the Far" "East ; a ' naval
force which would/ constitute 'a, threat
against Japan or any other power.. .
Demand for Limitation.
Witte RefuHCM to Convent to Japan's
DEALS WITH NAVY. 2
ABANDONS ALL HOPE.
PORTSMOUTH, N. H., Aug. 18.— All the
members of the Russian delegation read
with the keenest Interest and the greatest
satisfaction the text of ihe Emperor's
manifesto, communicated to them by the
Associated Press. M. Witte read it atten
tively, but -would only express his pleas
ure on finding that it was identical with
the original draft shown to. him for his
opinion and suggestions before he left St.
Petersburg. He decllneo. to express to
night any opinion on the manifesto Itself
or the effect which it would have in Rus
sia: and abroad. Its. effect upon the inter
nal situation in Russia or its effect on Jhe
war with Japan:
Some of the other members of the Rus
sian mission, however, were not so reti
cent. They frankly said that the redemp
tion of the Emperor's promise by the
nianifestor 'cannot but produce .the best
impression at home; that it will unite the
nations and strengthen the position of the
Emperor by convincing the people that
f.i& efforts are, for the welfare of the
country and for the glory of Russia.
lamation of Czar.
Display Keenest Interest In the Proc-
ENVOYS ARE PLEASED.
D.ENVER, ;Aug. 18. — Grand worthy
president — Hy D. Davis, Ceveland,
Ohio.
Grand worthy vice V president — Ed
ward Krause, Wilmington, Del.
Grand worthy secretary— A. E. Part
.ridge, Kansas City. _'.'.'.\u25a0
After, electing, the above named of
ficers the Grand Aerie of the Fraternal
Order of Eagles . to-night proceeded to
hear nominations for the remaining of
ficers of th« list, who will be voted on
collectively to-morrow. In taking this
action. the delegates. made known their
anxiety to "close the convention : on
schedule time to-morrow^ evening and
thereby avoid a protracted session. To
further this end a plan Is on foot' to
refer the report of the judiciary com
mittee on the revision of the constitu
tion and by-laws of the order to an
advisory committee, which will. go over
the report and recommend faction on It
as a" whole. The election of officers
demanded the attention of the dele
gates from early morning. until near 11
o'clock to-night. All were chosen by
acclamation, although the balloting for
president continued for ' five hours and
ten minutes, when I the present : grand
worthy president, John F. Pelletier of
Kansas City, withdrew. Davis* selec
tion was then made .unanimous.. Pel
letier recognized the sentiment against
a sefcond . term for the presidency and
immediately ordered his name with
drawn. : • . •
EAGLES ELECT
NEW PRESIDENT
ST. PETERSBURG, Augl 18.— The date i
of the issuance of the proclamation hasj
been happily chosen with -due—regard to
the poetical symbolism.!; «o dear " to ; - the
Russian heart for on. this day* is" cele
brated the great religious feast of the
transriguratior of Christ; Vrith the bring*
ing to the church of the first fruits of the
new harvest. .
The National Assembly will be a. con- j
sultive organization in connection with
the Council of the Empire, and not a j
legislative body. The powers of the Em-;
peror remain 1 theoretically absolute. As
the Emperor is the supreme law giver
and autocrat, the decisions of the Douma
have only a recommendatory and not a
binding force, though the rejection of any
legislative measures by a two-thirds ma-;
jority of. both houses is sufficient to pre
vent that measure from becoming law.-
The representatives of the people will
have not only the right to be. heard on
any legislation proposed by the Govern
ment, but also can voice their desires on
new laws and will have the right to exert
1 a certain eupervlsion over budgetary ex
penditures. The suffrage, though wide, is
not universal. It Is uased on property
qualifications, the peasantry having^ vote
through membership in communal or
ganization. > ..,-.;'.:'
A considerable portion of the residents
of the Cities, possessing no lands, ;to
! gether with women, soldiers, civil func
tionaries, etc., are without suffrage.
to Ruwilaii. Heart*.
Proclamation Isnoed on Feast Day Dear
date: happily chosen.
LOS, ANGELES, Aug. 18.-All day to
day the' legal battle of the Aguirre fam
ily, claimants . against -the dignitaries' of
Cne Roman Catholic church in this State
for the recovery from the plus fund of
moneys which, with Interest, will approx
imate JSO.OOO, was waged in the Superior
Court before Judge Bordwell.
Attorney Garret W. McEnerney of San
Francisco, who represented the Califor
nia Catholic Bishops when the plus fund
case was before the court of arbitration
at. The Hague, Is leading counsel for the
defendants. He argued that the obliga
tions assumed by the former head of the
Roman Catholic church in California
must not necessarily be assumed by his
successor, - Archbishop. Patrick W. Rior
dan."'.\u25a0'He did- not consider that the Holy
See at Rome had a proprietary Interest
In the plus fund, or that a papal bull or
dering the. payment ,of ; $26,000 ,to .the
Aguirre. lieh-s v had ..any force under the
laws of -the" United ' States. '"^ ''>."* "1 : C
\u25a0 Attorney J." Wiseman McDonald, repre
sentfhg-' Bishop ' Conaty; "confined his ar 7
"gunient" to' the* contention that
Aguirre's 'had; ' invalidated .their .claim
through sleeping on their rights. '. . /
Attorney- W. " I. Foley, who I with' ex-
Qovernbr 'Henry T. Gage .. represented
Martin- Aguirns, former "Warden of San-
Quentin prison, and the other claimants,
made a bitter attack on the church digni
taries. "' ; ••'
BATTLE BEGINS
IN CHURCH CASE
Many/, sections, are 'devoted $p j^the.
method-of. procedure.' The public will not
be admitted to the sessions. " Representa
tives of the newspapers will be. admitted
by the President to open sessions; but
not to the closed. sessions, the latter be
ing-ordered by the. general, session, or
by the President, or at the 1 request of
a Minister when he has a question to
submit involving a national . secret. Re-*
ports of the meeting may jbe published
by the President. • .'.
After passing, the Douma bills will go
to the Council of the Empire and then to
the Emperor. Should the Douma and the
Council of the Empire disagree, the ques
tion at issue ' would be ' submitted -to -a
joint commission. Should this, bring no
conclusion, the question/again will be sub
mitted to the Council of the Empire. r .'•
Relating to the electoral system the pro- 1
ject states that elections are' holdablei
firstly, in the province and territories;
secondly, in the principal. towns whlch'are
named. In Poland, Siberia; the Caucasus,
Turkestan and some provinces special
regulations, will govern the elections. The*
total membership will be 412,' 0f Which
twenty -eight ' will be returned .'by 'the
towns. The elections In the provinces
and territories will be effected by a pro-"
vincial electoral* college, chosen, firstly
by the land owners; 'secondly, 1 by --urban'
electors, and thirdly, by delegates of the
peasantry: Women, men -under- 25" years
old, students, sailors, soldiers; bankrupts
and persons' convicted of crimes " of 'de
sertion shall not have the right to vote.
Governors and the police 'cannot .'vote
when they are exercising their", functions. ;
Land owners, mine 'owners, and owners'
of industrial establishments .of a mini
mum value of $7500 and- -clergy owning
lands are qualified to vote in the electoral
assemblies. i". • . •>- .• \u0084
Che Douma will have initiative in ' the
matter^ of appeal, . or .modification of old
and the adoption of new\ laws, but the
fundamental laws, of administration -ate
not to be touched by 'it. The Ministers
and chiefs of departments andithe Secre-:
tary'of the Empire will < submit questions
to' the Douma for' discussion. \ l .
The Douma, has jurisdiction In the mat
ter of taxation In the provinces where
there are no zemstvo; also In the raising
of the rate, above that'flxed by the zem
stvos and city councils." : ;
Several sections are. devoted to" the ex
emptions to be enjoyed by the members
and the reasons for and" the occasions on
which they can be deprived of their mem-,
bership. Ministers and. chiefs of depart
ments cannot be, members of the Douma,
but they can attend its sessions and make
explanations -or delegate that right to
others. The Douma can demand explana
tions from the Ministers. " -,J, J , \u25a0" . '. .
ST. PETERSBURG, -Aug. 18."— Many of
the main features governing the: elections
to and the, proceedings and. powers of the
National Assembly have .-already been
cabled In these, dispatches. . • .
Paragraphs , two and eight explain the
composition and organization of. the
Douma, which is to be formed ot mem
bers \ "elected by the population ;. of the
Russian empire in accordance ' with the
election regulations.": The .term of the
Douma is to be five, years, but it can.be
dissolved by the Emperor. There is to be
a general session, but • the Douma,". will
also meet by. sections, the length of the
sessions being determined |by .the Em-,
peror. £"he President and other officials
are to be elected by the members."* \u25a0
the, Cznr.
Great Power., (liven to ' the Subjects of
Baron Kaneko, who, studiously conceals
his nrecise mission, but Is known to be
a confidential representative in this?
country of the Japanese Government. ;
This was his fourth visit to the Presi
dent in a few weeks and the second
\u25a0within a week. Reasons developed to
day for th-j statement that Baron
Kaneko's call had relation to the pro
eeedinj^s of the peace, conference, at
Portsmouth, although it appears like
wise reasonable that he did not come
as the representative of the Japanese
envoys. He is known' to be in direct
communication with the Tokio Govern
ment. Whether he was the bearer of
messag-es from Japan to the President
is no% known, but he came on his own
initiative, the President not being
aware of his coming until his arrival.
Baron Kaneko arrived 'on an after-,
noon train from New York and accom
panied Secretary Barnes to Sagamore
Hill at 4:30 o'clock. .
President Roosevelt and the members
of his family,' who were absent ' from 1
home during the greater part eff the,
day. had not returned when the Bardh j
arrived and did not return for some
time afterward. The President „ and
Baron Kaneko "had an extended con
ference, but nothing was disclosed con-;
cerning it, neither of the ; participants |
caring to make any statement about <it. ,
Raran Kan.eko , left for New York at
S P- m.
j MANIFESTO'S MEANING.
COAST TO UNITE
FOR PROMOTION
Five of Negro Excursionists
on 111-Fatefl Train Are
Yet to Ec Accounted For
NORFOLK, Va.. Aug. IS.— The re
moval to-d.iy of two Atlantic Coast
Line cars which plunged into the open
draw at Elizabeth River yesterday af
teruoon revealed but two "bodies in the
fir.st car, making the number of bodies
recovered thirteen, with, five persons
missing. None of the injured now in
the hospital will die, but a majority of
them will be sent to their homes ia a
day or two. . The bodies of the dead
will be forwarded to their homes to
morrow.
A careful examination of the bottom
of the river showed no more bodies
and the, railroad officials are convinced
that the death list is now complete,
though- reports are still current of a
much heavier loss of life.
All day ; long the operations of the
rescuing and wrecking crews con
tinued. There were reports that in tha
raising of one of the submerged cars
the end of the; coach was loosened and ,'
bodies were washed back into the
stream and floated away with the tide.
Later reports, however, denied this
story. * - . . ;
J. J. Thompson, a fanner, displayed k
considerable heroism when the' disaster
occurred. He leaped to the second coach. .
cut a hole in the roof and extricated thir
ty-five people just before the car became .
completely submerged. Cleveland Thomp
son, his son, who was an eye-witness of
the disaster, to-day declared \u25a0 that En
gineer Reigs stuck to his post and fell
with the engine, and that the red danger
flag used at the bridge had faded so from
long usage that it was almost white. The
draw was open for a tug, which by \u25a0
quickly reversing engines narrowly es
caped being caught by the falling loco
motive and cars. "• ':'w '"'• • .- , . •
About three score of the 169 excursionists
have reached Norfolk. Of them twenty
three are at hospitals suffering from their
injuries.
When ' I say the Pacific State* I fnelude
Washington, Oregon, -California; Idaho, Utah,
Nevada, and- the Territory- of Arizona, whicJi
we hoae ' will soon be made a State. These
Pacific States can do much by working to
gether for one i common end — the upbuilding
of the Pacific Coast. - '. • • «- • . -
It Is not th« through traffic In Eastern and
foreign made goods that will bring to us th«
substantial benefits that should be ours, but
it is the developing of our own resources and
the marketing of. our own productions that
wIH - build up and I make prosperous this sec
tion of the country; and not merely the mar
keting of these products to foreign countries
and to the Eastern States, but the creating of
markets nearer home for the products of the
soil and the output of our- factories- .\u25a0.
We need a larger population to consume- as
well as to Droduce. We need to nil our vast
fertile agricultural regions with an industrious
people. We need men who will come In \u25a0 and
Join with us in developing the many oppor
tunities that are here. ... . . .
Much is being accomplished In this direction
now, and the development and- prosperity of the
Pacific States during" the last few years,' ia
particular, -is marvelous;- but we must ccc that
these . conditions continue .and that they... im
prove. '. - - . "\u25a0 " ; ."
SEATTLE, Aug. 18. — Rufus P. Jen
nings addressed a -meeting of the.Seatr
tie Chamber of Commerce to-night,
urging co-operation among the Pacific
Coast States through a central organic
za tion of all the State commercial
bodies to advance their common inter T
ests and to fortify the Pacific States*
Congressional delegation at Washing
ton. A committee on organization, com?
posed of leading citizens, headed by ex-
Governor McGraw, was appointed to
promote the plan. The commercial
bodies of Washington- generally ex
press a desire to co-operate. Jennings
said in part:
WASHINGTON.' Aug. 18.— Changes of
fourth class postmasters: Arizona—
Valverde, Yavapal County. William F.
Buckingham, vice John F. Hemenway.
appointments made '- rural carrier
foree — California — Los Angeles (Sta
tion L). Noble E- Allen, carrier; Mar
garet J. Allen, substitute.
Pofttolllce Changes.
SEATTLE, Aug. 18.— Two sons of
Henry j Detrich, the Alaska Comerclal
Company's agent at Bethel, on the Kus
kokwim River, and four natives [ recently
lost their lives by jumping overboard
from a small steamboat on the Kus
kokwim. The men, whose experience
on board steam . vessels was limited,
were frightened out . of their wits by
steam escaping from the safety valve
of the craft and, fearing an explosion,
the two Detrich boys . and five native
passengers Jumped overboard into , the
swift current of the river". One of the
natives was rescued, but the others
were swept away and drowned. '. \u25a0 ; -
FRIGHTENED MEN
LEAP OVERBOARD
BADEN BADEN, Aug. 18.— In order
still . further . to , | cement German and
American good will, the German Em
peror has asked Prince Henry of Prussia
to make another trip to the United States
Immediately after . the autumn military
maneuvers, which will take place in the
vicinity of Homburg. -,
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. " Copyright. 1905. ' by. the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Kaiser Still Striving to Ce
ment Germany's Friendship
With United States. :
PEINCE HENRY AGAIN
TO VISIT AFRICA
"WASHINGTON. Aug. 18.— Navy or- "
ders: Medical Inspector H. G. Beyer, de
tached from the United State 3 Naval
Medical School at Washington, D. C,
for special duty with the International
Congress at Parl3, Is ordered to the
Asiatic station as fleet surgeon.
Surgeon C Bindle, detached from
duty as fleet surgeon with the Asiatic
fleet, is ordered to the Chicago as Ceet
surgeon of the Pacific squadron.
Army orders: First Lieutenant Dex
ter Sturges, Thirteenth Cavalry, will
proceed by the ftrst~ transport sailing
from San Francisco to Manila and re
port to the commanding general of tha
Philippines division for further orders.
Captain Ralph SV* Porter, assistant sur
geon, assigned for temporary duty with
the United States transport service, will
report to the medical superintendent of
that service at San Francisco for as
signment as transport surgeon of .tha
Buford. for the next voyage of that
transport from San Francisco to Ma- /
nfla and upon arrival at Manila will re
port to the commanding general of the
Philippines division for assignment to
duty. •
First Lieutenant Raymond F. Met
calf, assistant surgeon, is assigned for
temporary duty as transport surgeon of
the Buford during the next voyage of
that transport from Manila to San
Francisco. Upon . arrival at San Fran
cisco Lieutenant Metcalf will report by
telegraph to the -Illitaxy Secretary
for further orders. Private James S.
Canty, Hospital Corps. Fort Huachuca.
Ariz., to be ,sent to the depot, of re- '
cruits and casuals at Fort McDowell,
reporting to the commanding officer for
transportation to Manila on the trans
port' sailing from San Francisco ahput
September 6. Upon arrival at Manila ;
he will report to the commanding gen
eral of the Philippines division for as
signment to duty.
Sergeant John A. Malterer, Troop D, -
First Cavalry. Fort Clarke. Tex., trans
ferred to the Signal Corps as a private.
to be sent to Benicia Barracks for duty.
Major Solomon W. Roefsler, Corps of
Engineers, is detailed as a member ot If
the board of officers appointed for the
artillery district of Puget Sound for
collecting data for submarine defense
projects.
ARMY AND NAVY ORDERS.
The land dunes that were south of
the Park la ree«-ot history—
The Krowth of the Sunset district has
been ulruu; and Bteady— •".,.-. £ .
Good opportunltien tor InvfitmeaU
throuffh Sunday Real Estate coluiuas.
' PORTLAND, Ore., Aug M 18.— Powerful
speeches in favor of the establishment
of a Department of. Mines and Mining
were made before' the"' Trans
Commercial Congress at to T day's meet
ing. "'That the* American ', Mining Con
gress is unable tp combat the.throttling
of small producers by the mining trusts
was^an^ admission conjained in. the an
swer of Judge J.H. Richards, president
of-the-A«>erican Mining -Congress',- to a
question as to whether' the Mining Con
gress 'had ever taken any action that
would tend to' prevent/ the' big mine
owners from controlling the. small pro
ducers In the output, otrcopper. : Judge
Richards' terse reply was: . "The board
oi directors the. American Mining
Congress has unanuriousiy reached the
conclusion that jthu only tower on earih
which' can' cohtrorihe "situation Is the
United Slates Government.",
Persistency of effort' tv secure a De
partment of Mines arid. Mining as one
of the b'ra"nehes of the Government ,wiu
the, method advocated; by Edward H.
Benjamin,- president of the California
Mining' Association. Benjamin said that
notwithstanding the necessity for the
er.eatiQ'n.af a mining. department was so
apparent as to make any argument in
its favor unnecessary, Congress had
pigeonholed rresolution after resolution
recommending' a Department 'ot Mines.
He believed that the only way to secure
such a department is to keep on intro
ducing resolutions until every pigeon
hole is tilled and hammer on the doors
of Congress until it grants the demand
in" order to get rid of the noise.
CHINESE ISSUE DODGED.
Considerable curiosity exists as to
what coures the congress will take ,in
the matter of the restriction of Chinese
immigration. , Before the speeches of
Minister John Barrett and T. B. Wilcox,
president of the congress, were deliv
ered'yesterday it was believed that
after a tight on the floor of the conven
tion the Oregon and Washington dele
gations would succeed in securing the
indorsement of: the exclusion law. The
resolution which was adopted in com
mittee to-day straddles the question by
advocating a "comprehensive immigra
tion law, framed to remove all unrea
sonable restriction,' but to exclude all
undesirable persons 'of every nation."
It is expected that when this resolution
comes bef oro the congress to-morrow
the radical elements will oppose it.
While it is not a foregone conclusion,
it is probable that the next congress
will go ". to Kansas City.
The permanent organization commit
tee, with whom the matter of nominat
ijiE officers is left, to-day unanimously
named ex-Governor Francis of . Mis
souri for the position of president. As
it is the custom of the congress to se
lect Its president from the State in
whioh the convention is to be held this
is taken as an Indication' that the con
vention will go to" Kansas City. Den
ver is preparing to make a hard fight
for, the distinction, however, when the
matter comes before the congress .to
morrow.*!..'".. "... . - '
. Besrdea' Governor Fraqcls ' for presi-.
dent the cbnimlttee nominated unanim
ously.the following:: First vice presi
deut, Colonel' H.D. Loveland of San
Francisco; -second vice president, ex-
Governor L. B. Prince of New Mexico;
third vice president, M. B. Larrimore of
North Dakota; fourth vice president, B.
A. Fellows of Kansas; secretary, Ar-
thur B. Francis of Colorado (Incum
bent); treasurer, H. B. Topping of Mis
souri. •
MIXIXO BUREAU FAVORED.
A protracted meeting' of the resolu
tions committee delayed the opening of
to-day's session of the congress. It
was expected that the committee would
conclude its labors after two sessions
yesterday and \be able to report after
the session opened to-day, .but. after, a
long wait. ex-Governor L. B. Prince of
New Mexico, chairman of the day, was
forced to change the order of business.
He announced that the addresses would
begin and that the first speaker would
be J. H. Richards of Boise, Idaho, pres,!-
dent of the American Mining Congress.
Richards, whose subject was "The De
partment of Mines and Mining," argued
for a Federal bureau as essential to the
industry. :
Chairman Prince introduced to the
congress ex-Governor David R. Francis
of Missouri, president of the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition, who took for his
subject the influence of expositions.
Governor Francis said that five years of
effort without the hope of commercial
remuneration had been expended in
perfecting the St. Louis Fair, and even
if the amounts- expended had never
been returned the benefits derived from
the exposition fully compensated every
expenditure. Francis' also advocated
the Improvement of the Mississippi
River. " ' . "7 '
Governor Francis was followed by T.
W. Morgan Draper of. San Francisco.
Draper, like Richards, advocated the es
tablishment' of ; a Department of Mines
and Mining. ,
The last speaker on this subject . was
Edward H. Benjamin of San Francisco,
president of the California Miners' Asso-.
elation. .- . . -
SPEECH OF. BENJAMIN. . '
Benjamin paved the _way for his sub
ject by quoting /the statement of Henry
Clay, made one hundred years ago, that
three subjects claimed- the attention of
the National Legislature. These three'
were agricultural, commerce and manu
factures: .-;.- .v^i^'? :
Ihe' speaker recounted the circum
stances that" led up to the establishment
of the various Cabinet portfolios in ex
istence at present. In- 1849, when the De
partment of the Interior was established,
the mining ; Industry, said the ; speaker,
was comparatively -an one,
practically unknown to the. lawmakers at
Washington, and _ though -mining; was one
of the industries placed under, the control
of that department,. the Interior Depart
ment, was not Intended to be of any spe
ciar benefit v,to that- industry. ;
\u25a0;? During. the past half-century, the speak
er went on; the mining Industry has
grown beyond the comprehension of man.
The annual production of : coal has in
creased from J40.000.000 to $350,000,000; iron
from tiOO.OOO tons '. to i 20,000,000 tons ; lead
from 18,000 tons to 280,000 tons, and in the;
same ; period : copper i has .. increased ". from
less than l looo .tons t6 700,000,000 pounds. ; In
precious I'metals Si the output of gold . in
1549 was J5.000.000," against ; over $J50,000,000
In f 1904/ and _ the production of silver- in
commercial quantities, which began with
in the memory of the present generation,
is now J70.000.000. -
:*. Dr. Roland White Grant of , Vancouver,
B. C., an authority on the scenic - beau
ties of America, Lwho ) was" especially in
vited to" address the congress, 1 delivered
an ; address ; on - "American :' Scenery * and
Its Influence on;'. the World's Travel."
; Colonel vLoyeland-' of .San 'Francisco;
president of \u25a0, the Pacific \ Manufacturers'?
Association, l was -to v the; con
gress.: Colonel ' Lo veland \u25a0 said j that owing
to the great Extent ; ot the programme he
would forego the pleasure of reading his
'.\u25a0 \u25a0.. ' : '...?,-.\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' .\!'.".* ,'"-'\u25a0 .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'.' \ .:
the help of God Ahjiighty and with the combined efforts of all her.
sons, Russia will emerge triumphant from the trying- ordeals
through which she is now passing arid" will be borii again" fri the*,
strength, the greatness and the glory pf her history, extending'
through a thousand years. ,
Given at PeteVhpf tjiis nineteenth day of August, in the year :
of grace 1905, and in the eleventh year of our reign. ', *
; : ''• NICHOLAS.
Continued From Pagre 1, Columntt « anil 7.
\u25a0 * • \u25a0 - — — v* \u25a0• - •• ..~— -/--• '-
Voice in Government.
ISo iar as the Kussian plenipoten- <
tiaries are eoncernea, there never was
a. cliance of their yielding both indem
nity ana jjagtialien. Tne cession of
baghahen without indemnity was, ac
cording to the best inside information,
the extreme limit to which De Witte
would ever consent to go, and the Em- .
peror has not yet given the word to
even concede that. And to-nignt sud
aeniy a new factor has been introduced,
which, in the opinion of tboi*e most
competent to judge, ' lessens materially
me chances that he might do so, name
ly, the issuance of his manifesto grant
ing- a popular representative body to
Lib subjects.
The bearings ot this ••historical
document," as De Witte described it,
upon the issue are easily comprehen
sible. It is bound to ameliorate the
internal situation in Russia. It is the
entering wedge for the realization of
the century-old dream of the Russian
people.
"It will create enthusiasm at home,"
said one of the most prominent mem
bers of the Russian mission, "because
all thinking men realize that it means
eventually a great change in the com- '
position of the Russian state. It will
be followed by a true Parliament, a
responsible Ministry, a Premier, and
liussia will become a constitutional
monarchy."
It is pointed out that the manifesto
is timed like what the French call a
"coup de foudre," and that its signifi
cance is too plain to be questioned. It
vras to hare been issued last Satur
day, when the Russian reply was, pre
sented, but it was held orer until the
conclusion of the oral consideration of
the Japanese terms. Meantime the
terms had been published everywhere
throughout Russia. The press, even
the Liberal press, had replied that Rus
sia could not pay money for the privi
lege of getting out of Manchuria. The
Emperor had publicly proclaimed to bis
tubjects on July 2S, in reply to a tele
gram of the Orenburg clergy:
"The Russian people can rely upon
me, 1 will never conclude a peace
humiliating- or unworthy of great Rus
sia."
The manifesto Is Emperor Nicholas' an-
Bwer to the Japanese demand for the
payment of a war tribute. The grant of
this broad reform is regarded as virtu
ally an appeal to the Russian people for
fcupport to resist it.
GRAVITY OF SITUATION.
At Tokio It is Impossible to tell what
view will be taken. Peace probably can
be even now secured by the sacrifice of»
the indemnity. Vague intimations to
night come from the Japanese side that
"the demand for the cost of the war"
might be moderated, but Witte replFes
that he will pay liberally for the main
tenance of the Russian prisoners in Japan
but "not a kopeck for tribute."
The gravity of the situation from the
Japanese point of view is contained In
the following statement given to . the
press :
"I cannot Kay positively, because all
things are possible, but I fear that the
meeting on Tuesday will be the fare
well session of the "Washington confer
ence. Japan has done her utmost for
peace. Russia now knows Japan's irre
ducible minimum."
Witte himself to-night gave not the
slightest encouragement. For publication"
he said:
"We meet Tuesday only to sign the pro
tocol." with the accent on the word
"only."
Another bad sign was the change in the
personal attitude of the plenipotentiaries
toward each other. During the week
they have been growing more and more
friendly at the luncheon which they lake
together at the navy yard. The conver
sation was lively and even gay at times.
To-day they sat together and ate in
silence. All seemed strangely constrained,
es !f realizing that they could only agree
to disagree arid that the war must
go on.
To-night the situation can be summed
up in a single sentence: Prompt and
heroic action by outside Influences alone
can save the conference. . -..' . [^
At Tokio and St. Pcters-butg the final
issue trul be oeciued. The Japanese liave
been implaeabJe inroughout ttie six days'
Biit:i;gs. 'liiey have listened and ex
piaiiieu, but they have yielded not an ioia
oi the bubstanee of their original de
manus. Air. oe Wiite accepica outright
eevt-u of the twelve Japanese condition's,
out in principle and lour, including me
main issues, indemnity and teaghaiien, he
rejected. The other two. limitation of
iia\\ii power and the surrender of in
terned warships, might have been ar
rai.ged had there been any prospect of
lio'ictmeiu on the two points upon wnich
tne divergence seemed irreconcilable.
in the oral discussion of the terms,
Mr. I.- VVute yielded upon two articles,
luul :\u25a0 V startially the result of the thir
tfctn b.iUngs of the plenipotentiaries has
only been to emphasize the position taken
by De Wiite in ihe written repiy he pre
btiited last Saturday to the Japanese
lettnM and now both sides turn towaid
home for the last words before the cards
itre thrown face downward on the table
iitxt Tuesday, for the impasse reached
to-aay by the plenipotentiaries is recog
nized to be only a diplomatic fiction. If
In the interim fresh instructions are re
ceived by either side compromise is yet
possible. But the chances are recognized
ii. be slim.
UITSSIAA'S UXVIEL.DIAG.
JAPAXKSE IMI*LACAni.I2.
Bui there m SUM mum for hop* of a
compioir.Jse. Neither President Koose
xeli not Hie powers Will see the chance
ot peace shipwrecked without a linal tt
tort uud that pressure ie being exerted,
especially al Tokio, to induce Japan to
niudei'aie her terms is beyond question.'
Just v.-hat is being done or is to be dona
fcuu Dot Uinitpi! td. Kir.g n-iiwiuu is
uiitJeistood to be now .ending a helping
hand and the financiers of the- world
are known to be exerting " all their In
fluences.
PORTSMOUTH, Aug. lS.—Biack pessim
ism reigns at Portsmouth to-night. The
prevailing view is that the fate of the
peace eoauVr*>nc« is alieatly- stuieu;- -that
it has ended in failure, and that all that
now remains is for the plenipotentiaries
to meet on Tuesday, to whrcn ddy they
adjourned this> afitmoon upon completing
the GttxifUm couMilei ation of the Jap*
ai.vs>iL- turn*, Sign the rinal protocol, go
thiuugli uitr conventions and bill each
other laxewc-li. in other words, that trio
nit-eUus I'uci.day Rrill be what diplomacy
calls U>e "'sidiue U'adieu."
Notwithstanding 1 these statistics, Dr.
Darlington. head of the' Health ' De
partment.- declares that the wear and
destruction of human life and > health
from the pressure and complexity of
New York life are constantly Increas
>ing-. It is now manifest, he asserts;, in
diseases other than those of the ..nerv
ous system. Ha declared also that thw
decrease in -purely nervous diseases Is
very largely due to the decrease in con
sumption of whisky in New York. :
NEW YOR K/,-1 A v gV- IS.1 S.— An exam Jn a :
tion of the health records, of New.. York,
prompted ( by statistics; recently} com
piled by '-the V-'hicugo' Health \u25a0Depart
ment, shows" that. "the-reTs a remarkable
decrease.. in .deathsifrom- neFvous- trou
bles in: this \u25a0 city '. since . .IS7O. while
other ailments.' as -hejirt •disease,
Wright's \u25a0 diSea'sft'siiid consumption, have
been graining: ground. All affections of
the nervous (s"yst«h} ,'ji'a've* diminished as
New' York .has grown larger and more
. turbulent. ,• As stated, the iny estigation
r as inspire& ' by :.the recent from
Chicago showing, that deaths there from
nervous dis.Qrdtu.s^.had_lallfin off .from
57.6 persons per 1000 in IS7O to 12.S per
edns in 1904. , A- table compiled by the
registrar irorn'the records of Manhat
tan and the ;%'ilronx boroughs shows
these surprising: results: Death rate
per 1000 inhabitants; in 1870. 34.7: in
ISSO. 23.06; in ISUQ, 13.91; in-IPOO, 14.17;
in 1904.-19.88. \u0084,,•- .-"'..: -.
FORTSMOUTH, N. H., Aug. 19.— Late to-night President Roosevelt arranged for
one of the Russian envoys to go to Oyster Bay. Ihe President is understood to be already
in communication with the Japanese through Baron Kaneko. Mr. Roosevelt is undoubtedly
prepared to make a last effort to induce the warring countries to compromise.
Among the resolutions introduced in the
congress to-day ' was one advocating • the
appropriation of $900,000 for tne completion
of the Columbia River jetty, one favoring
the issuance by Congress of $100,000,008
in bonds to form a' permanent fund for
the improvement 'of rivers and harbors,
and one recommending separate statehood
for Oklahoma,'
As was predicted, on the subject of
Chinese exclusion and Chinese boycott,
the resolution committee struck a snag
and , all last evening and this morning
were consumed before an agreement could
be reached. The resolution, as it will go
to the congress, petitions the President to
make the necessary investigation into the
cause of the present boycott, and to then
recommend to the Federal Congress such
recommendations for a comprehensive
immigration law framed to remove all
unreasonable restrictions, but to exclude
all undesirable, persons of every natiort.
One other important resolution was
adopted in • committee- to-day, indorsing
the establishment of a Department of
Mines and ' Mining.. ' ' ' '* \u25a0•'
paper entitled "Encourage Home Manu
factures."
RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED.
Figures Shbjy 'Tliat ;Heart
Disease aiicl-^Consumption
. Are Reaping^
Department of Mines Advocated
: by; Several Delegates.
Conference. Adjourns Until Tuesday and It Is Expected Meet
ing on That Day Will Bring No Results.
OTHER DISORDERS^ GAIN
DEATH LIST COMPLETE
Gpnimittee in Portland Adopts an
i^SpSlnd^initelEesolut^
Atlantic Coast Line Cars,
Which Plunged Into Eliza
beth Eiver, Are ..Raised
Statistics Show That Fewer
New Yorkers Die;Nq\v^ of
Purely Nervous 'o. Troubles
CANNOT AGREE ON THE TERMS
BIG DECREASE
IN DEATH RATE
ENVOYS STILL UNABLE
TO BRING ABOUT PEACE
QUESTION OF CHINESE
EXCLUSION STRADDLED
MORE BODIES
ARE RECOVERED
: . \u25a0 ... \u25a0 . . . , \u25a0 - \u25a0--\u25a0... " ...
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 19, 1905.
. j Laxative "Bromo Quinine, the world wide CpM
Cure," re«nove« the cause. Call for the full name
and lock for signature of E. W. Grove. 25c. •
Summer Colds. -
VISITS THE PRESIDENT.
SANTA ANA, Aug.. 18.— A deliberate at
tempt to wreck another Santa Fe train
a short distance from the scene of the
collision. onvWednesday evening, which
resulted ( in the loss of seven lives, | has
been reported to Sheriff. Lacy. : :'\u25a0\u25a0
The engineer of, a freight train. Just
after rounding Horseshoe . Bend, saw
ahead of him a pile of rails laid across
the track. The train was making slow
time . and 'consequently its engineer had
an opportunity to 'come to a full stop
before ,he reached the obstruction. The
rails were cleared away and the matter
was reported to' the "Sheriff's office from
the next station. An Investigation failed
to give any clew." It Is believed,, how
ever, that the work was done by
tramDS :*• " r * ; ;*":'. ',"!""'
Bnron KanckoV .MyMtcrlouN Trip* to
Oyster Bay.
OYSTER BAY. Aug. 18.— President
Roosevelt's only visitor tp-dav . w««
VALLEJO, A us. 18.— Hans Hanson,' 3B
yearn of age, has be^n arrested on the
charge of attacking- Irma Sponsler,';an
eleven-year-old girl. :The alleged- crime
is said to • have been > committed -this
afternoon one .mile from Vallejo. :.':;<%;
: -Henry Herbert f of > Vallejo, who 'was
passing: near by :at the time, heard the
cries' of the child ; and "went to I her as
sistance. ; 1 Hanson \ rushed; at him "with
a hammer, * but Herbert defended, him
self,': with .; a pitchfork. f The ; accused
man escaped S to-Vallejo^ but was found
hiding lv the city park at 7 o'cl ock' to
night arid placed; in; JaiL ;The little girl
is : in a /precarious .condition. ' . . ;
! Special' Dispatch to The. Call.
ATTEMPT TO WBECK
A SANTA FE TRAIN
2
I :^BH| i|r TO-DAY
i (I^^^ Mission
. MIS^SJ j \ docker
mW ij I Z~ C^zh^^-^^^isair^ifa sawed oak.weathered;
245-239 GEMYSTv IMTHE SOIMRECHICAGO, Aug. 18.— Practically all
construction work on the underground
tunnels of the Illinois Tunnel- Com
pany was stopped to-day / by the or
der of Mayor Dunne and no work. will
be permitted to go on until the com
pany devises some method of construct
ing Its connections, bypasses and new
drifts fo prevent the danger of the
sinking of buildings and the settling
of the streets. If was deemed neces
sary to take some immediate steps to
protect the office buildings and streets
from the results of the undermining.
Mayor Dunne Stops .Work on Chicago
Tunnels Until Wet hod for Protect
ing Property Is Devised.
Man Who Wrecked Three Saloons: at
loin GetH Six .Months In ;. ;^fl
Jail.
LOLA, Kans., Aug. 18.— C. L. Melyln,
the Joint dynamiter, was; to-day found
guilty; on the charge of malicious de
struction of property and * sentenced j to
six months in jail and to pay the costs
of the case. His attorney filed/, an \u25a0ap
peal. . " \u25a0 - •-;. \u25a0..'\u25a0 :"-; , "-..-. '\u25a0' . . '.
Two ' other charges still remain
against him. • . « '
Melvin -wrecked three saloons : with
dynamite. and other adjoining property
was damaged, fled, 'and was arrested
in lowa. " S'"; ." I,
SUBWAY CONSTRUCTION '
ENDANGERS BUILDINGS
KANSA S D YA'AOIITER. GETS
OFF WITH LIGHT SENTENCE
OSTEOPATHIC ASSOCIATION
ELECTS OFFICERS FOR YEAR
Next Convention Will Be Held at Pot
', In.ltay Inland in Lake
Erie. ,
DENVER, Aug. 18.— The American
Osteopathic Association elected officers
to-night and adjourned sine die. The
following were chosen: President, Dr.
A. L. Evans. Chattanooga, Term.; first
vice president. Dr. J. T. Bass, Denver;
second vice president. Dr. Lena Cres
well, San Diego, Cal.; secretary. Dr. H.
L. Chiles, Auburn, N. V.; assistant sec
retary. Dr. C. A. Upton, St. Paul; treas
urer. Dr. M. F. Hullett, Columbus; trus
tees — Dr. J. L. Ray, Fort Worth; Dr. C.
Batzer, Omaha, and Dr. Cora Tasker,
Los Angeles. The convention voted to
meet next year at Put-ln-Bay Island, In
Lake Erie,
Notice to Delegates to Christian Church
Convention and Their Friends.
To holders of round-trip tickets from
the East to this meeting of the Societies
of the. Christian Church the Santa Fe
. Railway will sell round-trip tickets to
ikYosemite Valley at rate of 525.90. The
weather in the Valley Is exceptionally
fine during August, which, with the
oiled roads via the Santa Fe." makes the
trip thoroughly enjoyable. Full par
ticulars as to the trip to Yosemite may
be obtained at Santa Fe Office, No. «53
Market street. • ;
WASHINGTON, Aug. IS.— Charges have
been: hied in the Department of .Justice
by citizens of Globe, Ariz., against "Asso
ciate Justice Tucker the Territorial
court, which it Is said Involve his judicial
and personal conduct, glt is alleged' that
when Justice Tucker went to Arizona
some months ago to assume his official
duties he let it be known to the citizens
of Globe that; If he made that city his
home a residence , would have .to . be pro
vided for him , and intimated that in case
of i failure on the part • of.: the (people* to
make this provision; for him he would be
compelled to take up, his residence in an
other part i' of s his district. . It : is charged
that \ the residence was ; actually provided
as 'requested. '.'-. , Otheif charges are made of
mdre |or lel«s Importance/ all of , which are
under investigation by'the Department ot
Justice. A report Is expected later on. -
KermJt Roosevelt Leaves Ojnjter Bay
tor an Extended Vacation In
South Dakota.
OYSTER BAY. L. 1.. Aug. 18.— No
visitors were received to-day at Saga
more Hill. Kermlt, the second son of
President and Mrs. Roosevelt. left to
day for Deadwood, S. D., on a visit to
Captain Seth. Bullock, the superintend
ent of the Black Hills Forest Reserve.
Kermit Is taking the trip alone and
\u25a0will remain with Captain Bullock for
two or three trips on a bunting expedi
tion.
Arizona Citizens Accuse Jus
tice Tucker of Act Involv
ing His Integrity.
PnESIDEVT»S SECOND SON
GOES OX HUNTING TRIP
POSEN, Prussia, Aug. 18. — Several
members of the Royal Settlements
Commission have been ordered to visit
the United States for the purpose of
studying Western farm management
and conditions. This commission is en
gaged in buying lands owned by peas
ants and settling, Germans on them so
as to increase the German influence in
the provinces of Prussian, Poland. A
credit^ to the extent' of $25,000,000 was
given the commission in' 1866. This was
increased to $50,000,000 in 1898 and to
$87,500,000 in 1902 and it "will prob
ably be still further Increased.
Brueghenburg of the Ministry of
Finance will accompany the commis
sioners, who will sail for' New York
August 22.
TERRITORIAL JUDGE
BEING INVESTIGATED
Prussian Royal Settlements
Commissioners Plan to
Visit This Country.
WILL STUDY FARMING
IN UNITED STATES
Egyptian Government Is Giving Every
, AftsJrtance to Work of the British
Eclipse Expedition.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18. — Professor
Turner of the British eclipse expedi
tion to Assouan telegraphs that prepar
ations are well advanced, says a Her
ald dispatch from Alexandria, Egypt.
The American, British and Russian par
ties are now on the ground. By the
Egyptian Government every assistance
will be given and the antiquaries de
partment will allow the use of tombs
for delicate magnetic observations.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.— Secretary
Wilson of the Agricultural Department
returned to Washington from Chicago to
day, where he conducted an Investigation
of complaints against the new regula
tions governing the shipment of stock
under the twenty-eight-hour law. The
Secretary, In response to an Inquiry
whether he will ask Congress for a modi
fication of the law In order to give the
shippers and railroads the relief they de
mand, said he was Inclined to think the
time limit might be extended on hauls
In territory west of the Missouri River,
but that east of the Missouri River an
extension of time is not advisable.
Later In the day the Secretary made
public the following communication from
Dr. Salmon and indicated that he had
approved the changes suggested:
The Secretary of Agriculture — Sir: Refer
ring to my recommendation as approved by
you. a* printed In circular dated July 27, 1905.
in regard to the attitude to be taken by the
department with reference to the 2S-hour law
In the matter of feeding, resting and watering
livestock In transit, I have the honor to with
draw that recommendation and to recommen.l
that until further ordem -any. cars equipped
•with feeding and • watering facilities may be
used for shipment of cattle without unloading,
provided the cattle can and do receive food and
water en route and that* the number of cattle
loaded In a cat be left to the shippers, but that
\u25a0uch loading shall not exceed the minimum
weight as provided In the clarification of the
transportation companies. Very respectfully,
D. E. SALMON. Chief of. Bureau.
(Approved) JAMES WILSON, Secretary.
SCIEVTISTS FROM MAXY
LAXDS GATHER AT ASSOUAN
Secretary \Y^ son Investi
gates the Working of 28-
Hour Regulation.
MAY MODIFY THE NEW
STOCK SHIPPING LAW
ALBANY, N. V.. Aug. 18.— The popula
tion of New York City will aggregate
nearly four millions, according to esti
. mates that have been made from reports
on the recent State enumeration taken in
that city. Computations on the same
basis place the population of the entire
State at 7.800,000. The population of New
York City in 1900, when the last Federal
census was taken, was 3.437,202. and that
of the entire State 7,265,012. The estimate
cf aggregation population this year is
made on a basis of averages, and while
It will probably be sustained in the case
of New York City, there is likely to be
a falling off in the case of the up-State
cities. The complete figures for New
will not be ready for weeks.
T Much difficulty has been experienced In
getting correct returns from many dis
tricts in New York, and the enumeration
office of che Secretary of State is making
every endeavor to correct any perceptible
mistakes beore the figures are made
public.
Special Dispatch ta The Call.
Reports of Recent Enumera
tion Show Population of
7.800,000 for State.
Watt was in the divorce court some
years ago when his wife sued for a
divorce, the co-respondent being Lady
"Violet Beauchamp, daughter of the
late Lord and Lady Roden, and the di
vorced wife of Sir Reginald Beauchamp.
Watt has since married Lady Violet
Beauchamp.
Since the granting of the divorce
Watt and his former wife have been
in the law courts regarding their mar
riage settlements and much \ bitterness
has resulted from this litigation. A
couple of weeks ago the parties .ap
peared in a Police Court, Watt charging
his former wife 'with having assaulted
and violently ejected . him from her
house, where he said he went for the
purpose of trying to compromise their
disagreement.
LONDON, Aug. 18. — A great sensation
has been created by the arrest of Hugh
Watt, a financier and formerly a mem
ber of Parliament for : the Camlachle
division of Glasgow, on the charge of
attempting to procure a private de
tective to assist in the murder of his
former . wife. Detective Marshall tes
tified' in a Police Court to-day that
Watt offered him $5000 if he would in
duce the woman to come to Watt's flat,
where he proposed to Kill her by the
administration of chloroform and then
to remove the smell of chloroform with
peppermint. Watt was remanded for
trial on ball of 93000. The police found
both chloroform and peppermint in
Watt's apartments. .
: A second infernal machine, resembling
that sent to Jacob H. Schiff, was, re
ceived through the mail to-day at the
office of M. Guggenheim's Sons, at 71
Broadway. The contents were nearly the
same as those of the Schiff bomb. A
clerk was suspicious of the | package, ; as
the address was made of printed letters
cut from a newspaper, and he placed the
package in water. After standing there a
short time there was a slight, explosion,
due It is thought to the'gases generating
in the box.
Schiff was one of the delegation which
recently visited Mr. Witte, the Russian
envoy, at Portsmouth in the interests of
the Jews of Russia.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— An explosive
package capable of causing death was
sent to Jacob" H. Schiff, the banker, to
day at the office of Kuhn.'Loeb & Co., of
which he is a member. Schiff was at Bar
Harbor to-day, and when the machine, in
closed In a wooden box about six inches
long,, was received at his office the clerks
Immediately sent it to the police. At first
the police reported that the .affair was
a joke, but further investigation by an
expert : revealed the presence of thirty
one grains of a high explosive powder
and two 32-caliber loaded cartridges. •
Arranged so as to flre this charge mere
ly by ordinary handling of the package
was a cylinder of emery paper lying .In
contact with both the powder and several
matches. The flash of this powder would
have discharged the cartridges, which
had been carefully filed at the fulminat
ing ends. Lead slugs were packed in be
side the bullets, evidently to make the
discharge more dangerous. Throughout
the machine there was an oily saturation
to insure the flash of ; any .one of the
matches reaching the powder. The whole
mechanism was concealed under a news
paper wrapping of Wall street stock quo
tations.
NEW YORK CITY HAS
4,000,000 RESIDENTS
Infernal Machines Are Sent
to Offices of Jacob Schiff
and M. Guggenheim's Sons
Hugh Watt, Once a Member
of Parliament, Arrested in
London on Serious Charge
WOULD MURDER
FORMER SPOUSE
WANT TO KILL
MEN OF MEANS
LADY SMITH OF LOJTDON. WHOSE NAME IS PROUDLY BORNE BY ONE OF
SOUTH AFRICA'S CITIES, WHICH WAS STUBBORNLY BESIEGED BY THE
BOERS DURINO THE RECENT WAR. •
Yesterday afternoon Sir Charles and
Lady Smith were the guests of Patrick
Calhoun, President Holland and other
representatives of the United Railroads
on a tour of this city, which was made
in one of the company's private cars.
What most interested Sir Charles on the
trip was the convenience of the service
and the method of transferring of pas
sengers on a single fare.
For many years Sir Charles Smith was
a member .of the diplomatic corps of
Great Britain and. at one time he was
chief of the diplomatic corps with Lord
Roberts in Afghanistan. He served
throughout the Afghan campaign, was
with Lord Napier on his trip to Magdala,
and has earned distinction in campaigns
in Abyssinia, in Persia and other
places familiar In British history. With
Sir Charles on his present trip is Mar
shall Miller, consulting engineer of the
Mexico City Tramways Company, who
came north with a view of studying San
Francisco's street railway system. The
distinguished visitors are traveling in a
private car of the Mexican Central road,
which will carry them, northward on
their visit to the Portland exposition.
"In no place in the world," said he,
"have I found such a perfect system of
street railways as in Los Angeles, and I
must claim that I am interested In
several roads on the other side of the
world that are regarded as being very
fine. To me the Huntington system of
roads was a marvel and It would be of
much benefit to the managers of systems
in other parts of the world if they would
send their engineers to California to study
the methods of operation and the general
conditions of the street railways here."
SOLDIER AND DIPLOMAT.
As a street railway magnate. Sir
Charles figures prominently as the presi
dent of the London board of directors of
the Mexico City Tramways Company, and
eighteen other lines, most of them elec
tric, among them the systems of Lisbon,
Capetown and Santiago de Chile. He Is
also president of the Marconi Wireless
Telegraph Company, and is a leading
factor in many other important commer
cial concerns of England and her prov
inces. It is his first visit to the extreme
western section of the United States and
he frankly admitted yesterday that its
development had proved a great surprise
to him.
OWNS MANY RAILWAYS.
Colonel Sir Charles Euan Smith, one. of
the foremost of Great Britain's tramway
magnates, and a man who has been prom
inently Identified with the history of his
country as a soldier and diplomat, and
Lady Smith, after whom the city of
Ladysxnlth In South Africa, famous for
its siege, was named, are registered at
the Palace Hotel. The distinguished
visitors arrived here yesterday from Los
Angeles on their way home from Mexico.
They will remain here several days and
then proceed to Portland. From there
they go to Vancouver, and then by way
of Montreal to London.
Sir Charles came to this country to
attend the International Railway Con
gress in Washington and from there he
went to the City of Mexico, where a com
pany of which he is the head is in con
trol of the street railroad system. He
has spent two months in Mexico, part of
which time he was the guest of Presi
dent Diaz.
The letter written by Mrs. Taggart in
answer to the pleading letters of. Captain
Taggart was read just before dinner.
Taggart, when asked about the letter
said:
""The language does not sound like Mrs.
Taggart, but more like her lawyer's."
Taggart, on cross examination, admit
ted that he was sick at the time 'and
thought reconciliation possible.
The only thing that occurred of inter
est other than Major Taggart's testimony
to-day was a determined effort on the
part of the major's counsel to get the
court to issue an order of attachment
for Miss Alice Thatcher of Cincinnati,
who has left Christ's Hospital, according
to their statements, because she is want
ed with the records of the hospital in
Wooster, to determine Mrs. Taggart's
conduct during the time she was confined
there,
Ail indication of the drift the defense
will take was dropped by Attorney
Emyser to-day in a chance remark. This
is that Taggart was not in his light mind
after he came back from the Philippines.
There is no belief that Taggart was in
sane, it is said, but an attempt will be
made to prove that he lost control of
himself at times and suffered from hallu
cinations.
Attorney Sterling, In answer to Bmyser's
request, called the motion a frivolous
one. Every circumstance must be taken
into consideration to establish proof of
misconduct, he raid. The love Major Tag
gart bore for his wife was a marvel and
he declared that he had known no such
love in history. He called Colonel Miner
a lecherous old beast.
WOOSTER. Aug. IS.— Reserving the
right to call witnesses and Introduce the
records of Christ's Hospital, Cincinnati,
should they be able to obtain the rec
ords, the side of Major Taggart In the
Civoroe case being heard here rested this
alternoon at 4 o'clock- Major Taggart
was on the stand all day and among
other things call that his wife had sent
him a Bible to read In his prison home.
Judge Smyter. as Mrs. Taggart's at
torney, then made a motion that the
charges against Rlther, Fortescue, Miner
and Spencer be dismissed- He admitted
that the evidence against Bash was suf
ficient to put them on their defense, but
asked that the other charges be done
away with. He stated that the midnight
charges against Captain Rltber and the
t anonymous letter were all that there was
against him.
Special Dispatch to Th* CaJL
Enjoy Trolley Ride
With Railroad
Officials.
An Attempt Will Be Made to
Prove That the Major Was
Victim of Hallucinations
On Their Way Home
From Trip to
Mexico.
DEFENSE IS INDICATED
3lrs. Taggart's Attorney
Asks Dismissal of Charges
Against Co - Respondents
Private Car Brings
Sir Charles and
\u25a0'"'. •'• ':-. '-'\u25a0 ..\u25a0•' " \u25a0 ' ''- ' i-.'i--
Lady Smith.
ARMY OFFICER
RESTS HIS CASE
ENGLAND'S STREET RAILWAY
MAGNATE IS VISITING CITY
" NEW YORK.: Aug. : IS —Dr. L; H.
Laudy. > professor j, ol £ chemistry at ? Co
lumbiaiUniversityifor thirty-four years,
died i yesterday, from; apoplexy.^ He : was
a native of France, and In hlsyouth at
tained !j prominence ; In f> the ; politics of
the 1 French f republic! • 'At t one t time he
represented his Government aa "Min
ister *t Madrid: . :
Noted ; Professor Dead.
\u25a0 PORTLAND, Or.,- Aug. IS.— Milton
Brown .of •; Buffalo. N. V. t chief special
agent for^the United States Treasury
exhibit : at f the Lewis and : Clark Expo
sition, died^ in this" city to-day of-ty
phoid fever.': Brown had Xbeen em
ployed « In* the j same capacity at the ex
positions at' Buffalo,' Charleston and St.
Louis..- ., It' has i- nqtV yet . been decided
whether he: will be burled In Seattle.
Wash., 'or Buffalo. \u25a0
While In i Portland.
Milton Brown :. of Buffalo Passes , Away
DEATH OF TREASURY AGENT.
SEATTLE, Aug. 18.— The San Francisco
contingent of ; the* Veteran 'Volunteer
Firemen's Association, reached Seattle
this afternoon at 5 o'clock. They were
met at the! depot /by the local .veterans
and many ; members of -, the - Seattle Fire
Department, and escorted up town, whexe,"
in front; of headquarters* Mayor Balling
er j presented them with a .. key to the city
and bade them make themselves at home.
An hour later, led by a band/ the visitors,"
local veterans and regulars paraded First
and Second avenues, hauling with them
the first jflre used \u25a0In San Fran
cisco and Seattle. . , '
: To-night J the 'visitors were tendered a
banquet at Germanla Hall. Addresses
were delivered .by ; John;; Arthur, Chief
Cook and President. Calligan of the local
veterans : and Stephen Bunner. presi
dent of the San Francisco association. At
midnight the'visitors left by boat for Vic
tcria. \u25a0•\u25a0 a \u25a0 .•;\u25a0;\u25a0:'-":; '\u25a0 .- \u25a0 ;
Special Dispatch to Th« CaJL
San Francisco Veterans Re
ceive a Cordial Welcome
in Seattle.
ROYAL RECEPTION
GIVEN TO FIREMEN
CANBO, N. S.. Aug. 18.— The cable ship
Colonla is ashore off this port In a bad
position. Attempts to float her have
failed. It- is thought the steamer has
been badly damaged.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— The Colonia left
London on August. s for the purpose of
laying a cable for the Commercial Cable
Company from Canso, N. 5.,: to Water
ville, Ireland, a distance of 2*oo miles.
She. arrived on* the Nova Scotia port on
August 16 and preparations were made
for landing the end of the. cable. Early
to-day .the shore end of the cable was
taken ashore and the steamer was to
proceed to Watervllle, letting out the
cable as she steamed to the other side.
The new cable is to form a part of the
Commercial Cable Company's system. ,
The Colonla is the largest cable vessel
afloat, being 7976 tons gross register. She
is a;twin screw vessel and Is built of
steel, having been constructed In 1902 at
Newcastle. England. The Telegraph Con
struction and Maintenance Company of
London Is the Colonia's owner. She Is
487 feet in lensth. .
W. H. Dedman. leaving Portland for
Eugene, Ohio, wired to a stable-keeper
there: "Meet Dedman at 3:30 train to
day, sure." The operator corrected the
spelling a little and the traveler was met
at the station with a hearse.
Chicago and Northwestern Announces j
Details of Service Over New
Route Via Salt Lake City. j
CHICAGO, Aug. 18.— The Chicago and
Northwestern Railway announced : to
day that the new route to Los Angeles,
Cal., and other Southern California
points, via Salt Lake City and the Salt
Lake, Los Angeles and San Pedro road,
would be made the route of through
Pullman sleeping car service from Chi
cago daily. Pullman tourist sleeping
cars will be put in service via the
Northwestern line. Union Pacific and
the Salt Lake route in a few days to
take care of the large colonist move
ment that Is anticipated In the fall.
Connection has also been established
with the Overland Limited to Los An
geles, providing an additional' route.
"Downtown property" ta Ssut Fran
cisco has \u25a0 \u25a0 wide significance nowa
days—
Some (cilt-edse Investments tor 70a
to consider advertised fat Sunday's
CALL.
Big Vessel Is Ashore Off
the Port of
CABLE SHIP COLONIA
IS IN A BAD PLIGHT
THROUGH PULLMANS FROM
WINDY CITY TO LOS ANGELES
NEW YORK, Aug. 18. — Physicians at
the Norwegian Hospital In Brooklyn
say that John G. Murphy, a laborer,
taken to the institution Wednesday
from a First-avenue tenement, ,!\u25a0 not
suffering from yellow fever,, as stated
yesterday.' His case has been diagnosed
as typhoid." "
Brooklyn Case Not Yellow Fever.
SANTA FE. N. M.. Aug. li-Apachea
from Arizona are committing depreda
tions In Southwestern Socorro County, on
the Mogollon forest reserve. The head
quarters of the New Mexican rangers has
been notified and rangers will go to the
scene. "Apache " Kid" of Arizona la said
to be leading them. The Indians raided
the ranch of August Kl«hen and killed
several horses with poisoned arrows.
They ran off a span of mules and other
stock. People who saw the Indians state
that they were decorated In feathers and
war paint. Settlers fear this Is the be
ginning of a general oubreak. as this has
been a poor year for the Indians and
they have become incensed because the
stock of whites has been running on their
pasture land.
The raiders were pursued by settlers.
who secured some of the stock. The trail
of the Indians was followed as ' far as
Eagle Peak, where It was lost. Later In
the. Elk Mountains the Indian camp was
located and several mules and the camp
outfit secured, but the Indians escaped,
having abandoned the camp, stock and a
supply of poisoned arrows. Cowboys from
Frisco, near Prairie Mountain, tried to
run down the redskins, but failed after a
hot chase.
Special Dispatch to Th* f**t;
The .', captain left for San Francisco,
whers^ the vessel is owned, after selling
thevwreck for $125, and telling the crew
that a new law forced the Government to
pay the passage of the crew to this port.
Lutgen boarded the revenue cutter Perry,
leaving the crew without any provision
for passage. Fred Fredericks. Frank
Form, ' William Bowling and Hans Eg
glitzky were brought here on the St.
Nicholas. It Is said that Fredericks will
go to. San Francisco to try to prosecute
Lutgen. . . v
The Nicholas lost one of the men over
board In the Kuskoquin river. She brings
31,852 cases of salmon.
ASTORIA, Ore., Aug. 18.— The ship St.
Nicholas, fifteen days from Nushagak,
Alaska, arrived to-day, with four mem
bers of the crew of the schooner Volant
aboard. The Volant was wrecked in
Koskoquin River, between Eagle River
and "Queen Hagimiet on June 21, while
laboring In a gale. She struck on a mud
flat and Captain Lutgen and the crew
made shore. Later they were taken to
Nushagak on a small schooner.
Apaches From Arizona Take
the Warpath in New,
Mexico.
*\u25a0 . » . \u0084,4*
Sailors State That He De
serted Them in the
North.
INDIANS RAID RANCH
IN SOCORRO COUNTY
SHIPWRECKED CREW
ACCUSES CAPTAIN
All the steamship . lines to Mexico,
Havana, Vera Cruz, Great Britain and
Europe are now in operation and assur
ance is given that they will continue
their service absolutely without any
interruption. - i
Advices from the Mississippi coast
do not at present indicate any Intention
on the part of the towns to raise the
quarantine against New Orleans nor
modify It. .... . .'. . . '.L\ . .
The figures of the day show nothing
of : special, interest.' Eleven of the six
teen foci are above Canal street. -Two
more cases have appeared in the French
Asylum on St. Ann and Derbigny streets,
making five in all. News from outside
the city continues unfavorable. One
case ; has been found in Hanson City,
two peases in Shrewsbury and one in
McDonogesville.
Pecan Grove Plantation, in St.
Charles Parish, has five cases. Pater
son- reports six cases, no deaths. Alex
andria's one patient, G. J. Haydet. died
to-day. ,
There are no new cases in Missis
sippi City.
The unexpected decline in the death
rate is giving such feeling of satic
faction here that people are beginning
to believe the possibilities of the visita
tion have been overdrawn. The.-doc
tors,; however, say that the low death
rate is due to the fact that practically
the whole community • has -been edu
cated to the necessity of calling a doc
tor the moment the^ temperature de
velops.
Among the new squares that have
been infected is that in which the Su
preme and Civil District courts and the
St. Louis Cathedral are located.
Heretofore the fever has fringed It
without Invading it, but. a number of
Italians are" now down with the fever
in a row of ancient houses standing
next to the Civil District Court build
ing. Extraordinary precautions are
being taken to prevent any further
infection of the square. Many law
yers daily visit it, as do a large num
ber of Catholics attending, services at
the cathedral. '
WASHINGTON. Aug. IS. — The find
ings of the board of Inquiry that In
vestigated the Bennington disaster are
expected to be given out on Monday.
Since the boilers of the gunboat ex
ploded, killing and wounding so many
of the crew, a quiet Investigation has
been going on to determine the condi
tion of the engines and boilers on other
ships of the navy. The results have
been surprising. Some unexpected dis
coveries were made, and some rather
unpleasant ones. Several vessel* have
been ordered to the navy yard for re
pairs to their engine room equipment.
The names of these vessels are with
held at the Navy Department. It may
be said, though on the best authority,
that the conditions that have so far
been revealed will In all probability re
sult In some decided changes of the
naval regulations relating to the duties
of deck and engine room officers.
The ships whose boilers have been
discovered to bo defective and th»
changes to be made In the regulations
may be made known afte* the Bennlng
ton findings have been published. Sec
retary Bonaparte is a believer in legiti
mate publicity and thinks that the de
partment should take the initiative In
furnishing to the press any Information
that should properly be made public
TOPEKA, Kans., Aug. 18.— A person
who has lived, in sight of the ocean all
his life or who has had an opportunity
to see it occasionally can have no Idea
of the thoughts that swelled tno bosom
of Governor Hoch aa he looked upon the
sea for the. first time last week when he
went to Camden, N. J.*. to attend the
christening of the battleship Kansas.
That the ocean Impressed the Governor
he readily admits, ' and that the impres
sion will be a lasting one he Is just'as
ready to declare. He is willing to make
affidavit that the water is salty, because
he plunged into its restless tide and had
a personal encounter with a mouthful of
it. Regarding the experience of his party
at Atlantic City Governor noch said:
"I ' rtaliy enjoyed the trip to Atlantic
City as much, if not more, than' any part
of the entire trip. Sea bathing is some
thing fine. I was fitted out' in a bathing
suit, which the people In charge of the
bathhouse told me was new and gave it
to me. for my first plunge. I understood
that the suit was afterward set on exhi
bition with a ta;." attached stating that I
had used it."
Special Dispatch to Th» Can.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 18. — Following
is the official report on the yellow fever
situation up to 6 p. m.: \u25a0'
New cases* 62.
S Total to date, 1255.
Deaths, 8.
Total to date, 188.
New foci, 18.
Total to date, 378.
Number of cases under treatment, 415.
Takes a 'Swim at Atlantic
City, Where His Bathing
Suit Is Now on Exhibition
An Investigation of Other
Ships Eeveals More Boil
ers That Are Defective
Community Now Educated to
Wisdom of Callings a Doc
tor at First Sign of Disease
INSPECTORS GET BUSY
CASES KEPOKTED EARLY
FINDS WATER SALTY
News From Districts Out
side New Orleans Is* of
Very Unfavorable Nature
Navy Department on Monday
WiU Make Public Kesult
of . Bennington Inquiry
Governor Hoch Gets His First
Glimpse of the Ocean at
Launching of the Kansas
YELLOW FEVER
IS SPREADING
SEES THE SEA
FOR FIRST TIME
FINDINGS WILL
SOON BE KNOWN
THE. SAN FRANCISCO "CALL, SA;I'URDAY:^AUGUS^* ;19, 1905.
Fall to Identify Suspect.
PLYMOUTH, Mass., Aug. 18.— The
Chicago men who came here to-day, to
see George L. Marsh failed* to Identify
him as ? the .man, wanted in. Chicago In
connection with : the murder, of Will lam
Bate In November last. ~
Famous Fitters.
Pictures need a ' fit as < well as ' people. In
correct. !• inartistic i Ideas have " spoiled ! - many
good picture* -Our fitters are brimful of good
Information and 'correct conceptions concerning
frames. You . better see us— first. Sanborn,
Vail A Co., 741 Market street. •
1 , PUEBLO, \u25a0} Colo., : Aug. 18.— Frank
Ward, » foreman 1 of; aiyard'gang at' the
Pueblo^ Steel 7 Works, caused the 'V death
of his daughter,*: Frances/ aged ;\u25a0• 16,1 by
forcing her/. to' swallow ; a: s quantity^ of
poison : and J then* committed , suicide by
taking a" dose of the same ;drug.V, Neigh
bors* say Ward had been '\u25a0\u25a0 drinking heav
ily and : had \ threatened ; to/ kill : himself
and ,the girl." Ward ;was' a widower. \u25a0
His Child.
Colorado' Man Kills Himself After
Causing the Death of
NEW.YORK. Aug.; 18.— -John Wana
maker/addressed thelconventionfof the
Negro 7 Business ; League D 'to'-day.Vtelllng 1
the I negro '^ business | men that ; their' suc T
cess had mo dependence oni their * color.
He aald in part: /: A; . /\u25a0:
;.-% "The .very - existence of ; this business
league- is; to me. an; indictment against
the ' exploltment of ; progress iby v chance,
favoritism "; ori sympathy. :, You can't af
ford'to; stop 'I for ;'aV" single 'minute, 1 in
order ;.to'?become , the - ward- of ~ the , na
tion.";: <:':'\u25a0'"': *:\u25a0'--\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'::. ..'\u25a0 ':\u25a0 \u25a0'•'\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 :'-;\u25a0::;<"
The; league re-elected. Booker T.
Washington as president
COMPELS YOUNG v DAUGHTER;
TO TAKE A FATAL DOSE
So.' Says John TOnamaker in
': Address Before Negro
Business League.
SFCCESS DOES NOT^
DEPEND ON COtOR
3
\u25a0\u25a0BMBBISB Hfs uSa £3 MS9 35fvS S Pi
|_ a J ITH the coming of 8 o'clock A. M. to-day,
YY Saturday, August 19th, we reopen this
" clothing store rebuilt and restocked as
brand new as men and money can
make it. To the first 250 Customers who
purchase wearing apparel to the amount of
$25.00 or more we shall , present absolutely
FREE one Standard Talking Machine valued
at $15.00, to include one flat disc record of
your own choice.
No fuss or feathers -during this opening-
no blare of trumpets— no flowers or bouquets —
just business right from the word go.
The RED FRONT
CLOTHING CO.
Market Street*
=n. Opposite Powell .-^—
Yesl we^carry tobacco and cigars and sell at wholesale, or
retail ; large*hew stock of fresh new goodsSOME OF THE COMPOSERS OF THE FAMOUS MIDSUMMER MUSIC OF THE BO»
HEMIAN CLUB, WHO WERE REPRESENTED O^ THE ATTRACTIVE PRO
GRAMME PRESENTED AT THE PUBLIC JINKS YESTERDAY AFTERNOON.
i ."There 'jar* % no .; victories \u25a0 without-, en
thusiasm,^'-" andV rarely;; is* there* enthuf
sia*m.' in a<l ver tislnar,--. without .victories.'
Joseph Goetze and "Walter Dewitt
were ; arrested ; at', their >-home, . * 726 }4'
Clementina street, ' la3f<eveniiiar, by De
tectives Conlin - ah(} 4 McOowan ;. on/a a
telegram from J. H. : Boswell', of .' Santa
Rosa charging them- with : kidnaping
Gqetze's- three-year-old * son. «v' : .Goetze
and f his .wife ; ; havev:haa Urouble!; :and
Thursday : he \u25a0\u25a0 and his i friend '.""Dewitt
went; to: Santa \ Rosa and brought -the
child to ;the{,city«without the knowledge
or consent" of; hia ; wife.;'*' '\u25a0?'.'\u25a0?, \u25a0-', V : . ' "\u25a0-
Kidnaps . Three- Yenr-Old Boy.
Large Brick Structure Will Be Used as
.a Non-Sectarian School for ' .
VENTURA, Aug.' 18.— L. Schiappa
Pietra and wife : have given to the Mis
sion: Church of .this place the; Palace
Hotel property; opposite "the 1 church, to
beVused a.s;a non-sectarian V school-'. for
girls and conducted under the auspices
of the sisters. The gift Is a handsome
one, ; as the "hotel is one \u25a0of the most
substantial brick buildings in town. ' It
ls,"a; \u25a0 large and commodious house of
two 'I stories, 1 fronting 'on Main; street.
Immediate use of it will be made by
Bishop Conaty.r; . ; . /,
VENTURA- COUPLE GIVE
A HOTEL TO THE CHURCH
NEVADA CITY, Aug. 18.— The Great
Council, of Red Men to-day adopted a res
olution introduced by Great Sachem
Cunning which hereafter prohibits saloon
men from joining the order. There was
a warm debate over the resolution. The
same effort . was made two sessions pre
vious, but without success. \u0084 *. .-.
.Most of the day was spent in taking up
the laws of the order, which are being
revised to, conform to the new constitu
tion of the Great Council of the Unrted
States.
The work of the council was concluded
this afternoon, when the raising of the
new. great chiefs took place, after which
the standing committees for the ensuing
year were named.
The Great Council of the Daughters of
Pocahontas made rapid progress. Repre
sentation ; to the Great Council from
subordinate councils was cut down from
five to two for each charter. The per
capita tax was ordered the same as be
fore. The great Pocahontas' salary for
the year was fixed at $300, that of the 1
great keeper jof wampum at $50 and of
the great keeper of records at $250.
.The representatives of both councils will
depart for their homes to-morrow. They
were entertained at Grass Valleyythis
evening by Ponemah ' Council, Degree of
Pocahontas.
The Jesuits continued to occupy the
buildings "until ' February, ' 1880, when
they removed, to :thelr, present quarters
on Hayes street.', They- had previously
sold the Market-street property to Mrs.
John Parrott for \ s9oo,ooo, - alls of which
was- spent on; the' new; . college- -and
chuTch. .. It is stated : that: the -original
cost of theproperty v w,as In- the neigh
borhood of; $11.000. ;*..;„ ' '{' .': \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'
October 15, 1855, Rev. Father An
thony Maraschi, S. J., and his asso
ciates began the organization of St.
Ignatius College, adjoining.the church
of that name, jon the present site of
the Parrott building. ' This was the
first home* of his order— a "> home, with
which he was Identified until his death
forty years after.' Fifty years ago Mar
ket street, between Fourth. and Fifth,
was a wilderness of sand dunes, known
as St. Annes Valley. , In an: out of the
way ; cabin in these; sandlots 'was laid
the foundation of the present magnifi
cent.college of ' Sf . Ignatius. ;. The . So
ciety-of Jesus recognized ' Father. Mar
aschi's work as a prospective college
on January 1, j 1859, and formally ap
pointed him j superior of the house.
The little college made no provision, for
boarders, but day students soon began
attending It from all parts of the city.
The institution- was chartered by the
State in April,; 1859, -and ;cmpowered;to
confer the usual- academic"' honors, -the
recipient of .the first degree..- being Au
gustus J. Bowie'in [1863.'./ •• '-'.'
• In the early .'6O'S;.a new church and
college were, built at;, a cost of $160,000
and were magnificent buildings for that
period of the.clty's history. The phurch
was burned to the ground on December
27; 1889, and by a.singular. coincidence
Father* James Bouchard;* \who7 had so
often preached to thousands in the
structure, gave up the flame of his life
at" the same . time.. Perhaps hone of the
Jesuitsiin California will' be longer re
membered than Father Bouchard. He
was formerly; a. Presbyterian minister
and \u25a0 his. venerable .white -/beard : and
6tately • presence ; were familiar .to San
Franciscans for many) years. His father
was an Indian chief and his mother a
French woman. \u25a0' •';"*.- .
The golden jubilee of the foundation
of St. Ignatius College and the: silver
jubilee of the' erection of St. Ignatius
Church at its present location, Hayes
street and Van Nes avenue, will : oc
cur next October. Preparations for.re
ligious and secular observances of both
events have been going on for, months,
although the « Jesuit Fathers have . not
as yet announced the . programme in
detail. Past and present pupils . and
the sodalities, which .are the largest
west- of the Rockies, will participate: in
the celebration. The occasion will be
marked by great solemnity and \u25a0 it . is
expected that a week will.be devoted
to its observance. \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'. ... \u25a0 \u25a0:\u25a0.•.\u25a0-:
Preparations for Observing
Anniversary of Founding
of St. Ignatius College
Bed Men Take Definite Ac
tion on Question at Their
Session in Nevada . City
TO CELEBRATE
GOLDEN JUBILEE
LODGE CLOSED
TO SALOON MEN
The third annual convention of the Pa
cific Coast Association of Railway Sur
geons was brought to a close at the St.
Francis Hotel yesterday afternoon, when
the organization elected officers for the
coming year.- Dr. - Thomas •W. Hunting
ton of Oakland was elected president; Dr.
T. C. McCleave of Berkeley, first vice
president; Dr. "W. O. Spencer of Hunt
ington, Or., second vice president: Dr.
John P. Dunn of Oakland, secretary, and
Dr. Frank L>. Adams of Oakland, treas
urer. One of the interesting subjects dis
cussed at the convention Thursday and
greatly talked of. yesterday was a paper
read by Dr. "VT. B. Cof/ey of this city en
titled . "Multiple- Tumors of the Brain-
Operation and Recovery." In this paper
Dr. Coffey dealt with a recent personal
experience at the Southern Pacific Hos
pital, where he operated upon a patient
and removed three tumors from his brain.
It was one of the few cases in surgical
history where the patient fully recovered.
In the absence of any symptoms to de
termine that tumors existed, Dr. Coffey
found on exploring the brain that a pres
sure on the nerve trunk was produced
by a foreign growth, and he promptly
undertook the difficult operation, with
the success already stated. From a sur-.
gical standpoint the operation j is regard
ed as a very important one and has at
tracted attention all over the country. \u25a0
At yesterday.'s session Dr. George iW.
Carson read a paper on typhoid fever
and made many valuable suggestions for
the detection of the disease in railroad
camps and means for preventing its de
velopment. '
Dr. J. H. O'Connor gave some Interest
ing information upon the prevention" it
cancer of the stomach by surgical treat
ment of ulcerous affections, and he also
related a ease where an opening between
the stomach and intestines was made for
the sidetracking of diseased portions of
the stomach and allowing food to pass
through another source. While of the
opinion that ulcers are materially respon
sible for cancers, he was also of the opln
that that cancers are curable if properly
treated.
Last night the visiting surgeons enjoyed
a "smoker at | the St. Francis . Hotel . as a
concluding incident of .their interesting
meeting here. |
Statistics compiled by the various au-,
tomobila trade associations show that
there are about 53,000 motor cars 'in
use In this country, the first cost of
which aggregated 170.000,000.
Charged With Doable Forgery.
On a warrant of Sheriff White, Ven
nls, CaL, Eugene Lagolis was taken
Into custody yesterday and charged
with forgery. The warrant states that
he forged a check for $65 on A.
Barker and another for $25 on the
Anglo-American Bank.'
Three Kegroes Hanged.
MEMPHIS, Term-, Aug. IS. — James
Norf.eet, John Champion and General
Bone, three negro murderers, were
hanged here to-flay. . They killed a wo
man of their own race.
Dr. Huntington of Oak
land Chosen New President
of the Coast Association
A pleasant variation in the pro
gramme was furnished by the four
songs written by Edward F. Schneider
and sung by Mrs. Schneider. The first
of the four, the "Absented," -is a gem.
Exquisitely lyrical, it is worthy to
stand with the lieder of Schumann and
was sung with keen sympathy by Mrs.
Schneider. The singer was not quite
equal to the dramatic demands of the
following song, "Horch Auf," a highly
picturesque and spirited lyric. Curi
ously commonplace in comparison were
the two other songs, both, however,
very well sung by Mrs. Schneider and
cleverly accompanied by the composer.
The other novelty of the programme
was the new suite by Dr. H. J. Stewart,
"Scenes in California," from which two
movements were played — a nocturne,
"Under the Redwoods," and "Before the
Gringo Came.** that includes Ca) Span
ish dance, and (b) "Tarantella." The
last two will doubtless come Into im
mediate orchestral favor, being emi
nently colorful and catchy. The taran
telle can In no wise escape popularity,
and the whole suite Is smooth. flow-
Ing, finished and in the best Stewart
manntr. Dr. Stewart conducted.
BLANCHE PARTIXGTON.
Amonf the redwoods of Eddy street,
the Tivoli grove, th« second of the public
Jinks of the Bohemian Club was given
yesterday afternoon. As last year, the
\u2666vent attracted a large and representa
tive audience, who heard the varied pro-
STamme with many signs of pleasure.
The caitf event of the afternoon was
be presentation of "The Quest of the
Gorgon," the year's music drama, the
poem by J. Newton Tharp, the music by
Theodw Vogt- It cannot be said that the
composition is of exceptional interest.
Possibly among the redwoods of Guerne
ville, warrant for ail sorts of enchant
ment. It xnay have persuaded. In plain
Eddy etreet it does not. It is not worthy
of til© subject, not worthy of the com
poser, whose kuinorous and effective set
ting of the Christmas low xnuelc is
among the best ex'olved in the club. But,
as a whole, in "The Quest of the Gorgon"
Mr. Vogt's themes are commonplace, hia
harmony monotonous, and only in the lit
tle prelude does tlje work approach orig
inality or distinction.
After this movement, In places effective
and charming, the best number Is- the
tframatic scene for Dionysus, a declama
tory effort, something: on the order of
Wagner's "Evening Star," and which was
admirably sung by U A. Larsen. There
are many choral numbers, in which the
handsome chorus gathered under Mr.
Vogt's baton -did excellent service. Thom
as Rickard was the other soloist, and
was etTfietive as far as his opportunities
went in his song, the "Orizon to Sybil."
To Dr. AVilson Ehiels, wbo 'acquitted him
self well of the task, fell the reading of
the po*m.
But Mr. Vogt has fallen short of his
opportunities here and done neither
himself nor his subject, picturesque and
suggestive, Justice. He fulfilled his du
ties as conductor excellently, and the
very good orchestra proved well equal
to the demands of his baton.
It was good to hear again the "Pre
lude" of "The Hamadryads" with which
the programme opened, and which was
the feature of last year's Jinks. Mr.
McCoys vital and temperamental work
pains largely by rehearing, and lost
-nothing in the spirited conducting of
the composer. He followed It with an
other McCoy composition, a suave and
sprightly ••serenade"' from the suite "in
Bohemia" of the Spanish genre, in
which the composer excels.
"The Man in the Forest," from the
jinks music of 1902, by Joe D. Redding,
was also revived and Its quaint and
characteristic Indian themes came very
pleasantly. Mr. Redding, who conduct
ed, was received with the usual ova
tion.
Stewart's Suite Is
Destined to JBe
Popular.
Vogt Shows That He
Is an Able Con
ductor.
"Quest of Gorgon"
Not of Greatest
Interest
LARGE AUDIENCE HEARS JINKS MUSIC
OF BOHEMIANS REPEATED AT TIVOLI.
HUNTINGTON HAS
ONE MORE ROAD
Los Angeles * Millionaire in
Control of the San Ber
nardino Traction Company
NEW LINK IN; SYSTEM
Line Extends Twenty Miles
and Is SaMjto Ee. Wbrth
Close to ' a sMillion Dollars
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. 18.-7U was
learned ; to-day from a reliable source
that I H. E. ; Huntirigton, trie { Los An
geles j streetcar, magnate, has purchased
a ; coritroliing interest; in the'- Sani Ber
nardjno vVValley '; 'Company,
withf.'the >lntention". of operating this
system -in- conjunction with' the Pa
ciflC;.v, electric \ lines, jto be extei .ded to
Riverside from Loa Angeles.
The Jocal s traction company Is incor
porated' for J700,000, 4 -but is reported to
be;-w6rtb_much more., With its power
house; in this city it .runs lines from
here. to. Redlands, Highland, Colton
and -Urbita Springs, making a total of
some twenty .miles. of, road. .
Last year; there -was a tilt between
the Denman and ' Fisher Interests in the
line. The directors here do 'not deny
the deal, ; nor> do 'they deny : - that the
Huntington , | people . contemplate . build
ing a line from-^San "Bernardino to the
summit; of ' the San Bernardino range,
where \u25a0 there are many summer resorts
and 'Sawmills. . ; ." \u25a0. ,-• • -f \u25a0•.].• . ;
ASKS EOR A PARDON :
TO DO REFORM; WORK
Head ' of '^ Law * and Order
League oi Winters :Tires I
of Jail Life^
Special Dispatch to ' The CalL :
HACRAMKNTO; Auj?. j 1 8.— A remark
able petition TFor iParJon' has been filefl
with Governor /Pardeo. -The town' df
Winters, Yolo County, has recently;ex
perienced' it reform mov"eme"ht~ t thirough
the efforts of -.\y local law^aiid ord^r
league, of which. Edward ' Sprague w^s
the executive • o<llcer. s . Among ! the
changes effected wasr-thTj'ctoslngr of *att
saloons. La3t.,July.;a prizefight; .was
announced, and the good people .of' the
town were greatly. shocked. Failing to
dissuade the promoters, they deter
mined to ' send Sprague to \u25a0 the contest
to secure evidence against the promot
ers. "It seems an' ordinance against
prizefighting had been passed through
the influence of the reform element.,
and while Sprague was absorbed in
watching the progress of the fight he
was seized by a town Constable and
taken to Jail. ;
He was convicted of a violation of tho
ordinance^and sentenced to pay a $300
fine or serve 300 days in Jail. Not hav
ing the money, Sprague went to jail,
and he now asks the. Governor to' let
him out,' so h<s can proceed with the
work of purifying the moral atmos
phere of Winters. •"\u25a0 \u25a0 . ... 'v .,.. ...
JUST LEARNS RESULT- :
S OF LAST -ELECTION
American on a Distant .Isle
Anxious to Hear Who Is
President.
Special DUpatcn . to Ths CalL
TACOMA. Aug. 18.— The isolation of
some of Uncle Sam's citizens is shown
in the report made by the revenue cut
ter Perry, which recently arrived at
Juneau. The cutter touched at Atka,
In the Aleutian group, 400 miles west
of Dutch Harbor. • •
But one white man lives there and
trades with the Indians. About once
a year he loads his sloop with furs ana
Indian goods and goes to Dutch Har
bor to sell them to the Alaska Commer
cial Company. In this he has ac
cumulated a fortune. His last- trip
was made ; in August; ,1904, and since
that time -he has >not seen a white man
or even had a newspaper. One of the
first questions he asked when the Perry
cast anchor was: "Who 13 President of
the United States?" • ' •
SomethJiiß New In Prlntlns.
There's constantly j something. . new In the
printing, trade — Improved \u25a0 machinery and Im
proved : methods. • We have them and: the well
trained mechanics — the. men with ideas to add
to yours. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
MARRIAGE OX HIGH %KAS
\u0084\u25a0''\u25a0 . ANMt/LIiEO.Br THE COURT
San Dleso Couitle, ; Who Were Julno«l
'j on the Ocean, Separated on
, : . : the Land.
SA.N DIEGO, .Aug. IS.— Judge Tor
rancp of the Superior Court r has issued
an order annulling \u25a0 the -'marriage ~of
Katherino E. Martinson and Christian
H.- Martinson. The hearing of the case
came up' through a petition filed.- by
Katherlne • Martinson, who tasked that
the 'marriage be annulled and that she
be allowed to resume her maiden name,
Katherlne' Mack.
.' The evidence showed • that the . plain
tiff and .defendant were married by
Captain V Alexander ' on . the steamship
Santa Rosa on July 15,1900.. The.cere
mony was performed on the highreas,
and the ; court; was of the opinion, that
it; was done for the' purpose of evading
the laws of the State of California, as
one of the parties had \ been divorced
within" a year. " .
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, SATURDAY;' AUGUST 19, 1905.
SURGEONS END
THEIR SESSION
4
HGet a copy <of the September
number pivE very body 's Magazine
at the ne^ysdealei^s. Read it. If
you^pn'^
abusive letteiSto the ipubliishers.
Ifewill| b^pprefcjafed.?v ; '
- Evefyjbqdy's Magazine has a larger; circulation
tKan^tHat of; any other /general; magazine/ Sold by all
newsdealers, ; at 1 5 cts. per copy. TRY; IT. i
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
fa/^gm SAX FKANCISCO.
\Jb&MMt? J From June isci
>^SJX^ (Foot of Market Street.)
LJtATi- MAIN LINE. -*w»g
• 7.00 a Kiinlra. V:«:»Tllle. Winters. Kumiey" 7Ta5
7.00 a Ktctimond. Benlcta, Sacrameatc,
Sai.^aaand Way Swtlons 7 28i»
7.40 a Valiejo. Xipa, CalUtoga, Santa
Ko-iu. Mnrtlacz. San Eaawa 5,03»
7.4OA>TUe«, Fleasoiiiuu, Lltermore,
Tracy, Latnrop, Stockton 723p
B.DoAShasta Express— (Via Davis).
Williams. Willows. tFrnto., Red
BltiS, Purtland. Tacoma. Seattle. 7.43p
B.ooa D»tlh. TToodland. KDlshuLandtog,
Marysvllla. Uroville 7.48P
8.20 a Mnrtlaez. Antlocn. Byron, Tracy.
•, Stockton, Sewmaa, Los Banos,
' Mendqta, Arrauna, Uantord. \u25a0 ..,
VUalla, P6rterville ~ \u0084- ] T2SJ
B.2oa Port Costa. Larhrop. Merced, Mo- ' < * < * 9 "
desto, Kaymond, Fresno, Han-
>i ford.Vl»«ll«,Bakfrsaeld...:. ... 4 48»
8.40 a Nlles, Saa Jo*c. Llv«mnore. Stock-
ton (tMllton). ,Va.lley gprlng.
lone, 3«cr»roento, PUcerTllle,
ColUx. Mary wine. Red 81uff .... 4.08 *
B.4oa Oukilale, Chinese. Jamestown,
Sonora, Tuolnmnn and Angela... 4.08p»
9.H)A"AtUntle Express— Ogiicn «nd East. 4.28P
9.40 a Klchmond, Port Costa. IX ar 1 1 ne z
snd Way Stations (fConcord) .... 5*7 8p
in.2oAT3ilcJo, pally. X«p«. Saaday only 7.48»
10.20aLos Anjelc* Pauenger- Port
i> - Costa. JUrttaes. ByTon. Tr«cy,
' Lsthrop, Stockton, Merced.
\u25a0 :~: ~ -11470100*. Fre»no» Gosnen June-
,. . tton, Hanford. Leznoore, Vlsalla,
BaSeJsneld, Los Angelet 7.08*
10.20 a E! Paso. Kansas Ctty, St. Louis and
. •\u25a0 Chicago....;.. 7-08s»
11.00 a The Overland Limited — Omaha,
--*- \u25a0 Chlcigo, DenTer. Kansas Ctty... 5.43»
11.40AKIIC8; San Josa and "Way Stations. 2.48» ' }
ti -CUP Sacramento nt»er Steamers ....... TII.GQ*
S.4CP Benlcta. .' Winters.. Sacramento, '
Woodland, KnlffQta Landing.
". ' MarysTllle and OroTllle .' 10.48 a
3.40p Hay w ar i, 2.' lies, and Wsy Stations 7-48^
4. OOp Va llo Jo. Martinez,' San lUmoa,
1 - Napa, Caltitoga, Santa Bo»» 9-28 a
. 4.CoplTllcs, Tracj. Stockton. LodL 10.28 a
4,40p Hay ward. Niles. imngtoa, Saa J t«.4a*
i •'•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Jone. Llvermore \...........| til. 43a
•B-COPThe Owl Limited— Newman. Lot .
. ' . Bano*, Mendota, Fresno, Tnlara,
( '* t" Bakersfleld. Los Angeles .'.. 8.43 a
' B.OOp Chicago, and St. Louis Special— El
. Paso, Kansas City, 3t. Loots and
- - . CnlcaKo t.4BA.f
t5-20p Harvard. Ntle» and San Jose 7.08 a*
5.20P Vallejo, Port Costa. Bealcla, Sut-
i\ -.- \u25a0 -sun, Sacramento. 11.23 a
I-GOp Eastern Express— Omaha, Cbtcazo.
Denver, Kansas City, St. Louis,
Martinet, Stockton, Sacramento,
Reno, Sparks. Montello. Ogden •\u2666 12.48*
8.20p Hayward. Nile* and Saa J0ae ...... 9.43 A
7.OCPKeno Pasiienger— Port Costn, Be-
nlcta, Salaan. Elmtra, Dixon,
Darls.Saeramento. Sparks, Tono»
V\u25a0• - pah, Goldaeld asdEeeler 7-CSa
,7-40pPort Costa. Mortlner.Byron.Trscy,
1 - Modesto. Merced, Fresno 12-08 i*
7.4CPTtf9'-tn!te and Marlpo»a> Bl? Trees
*-- (via Raymond-'Wnwoii* Route).. 8.48 a
7.40p Vallejo, Sunday only 11.23 a
,8-20 p Oregon A California Expreis— Sac-
k • ramento. Marysvllle. 'Reddtasr,
, ' \u25a0 Portland. Pnget Sonnd and East. 8. 43 a
.'•-OOp Haj war*. Nlles and San Joan (Saa- ;
day only) 111-43 A
..COAST LINE (Narrow «Mg»).
. ' . . . (Foot of Market Street.)
"7.45" 7.45a Sant* Cruz Excursion (Sunday
0n1y)..:.. 9-18P
B.loA^e*«rk. Centenrllle. Baa J©se,
Felton. BouHer Creek. -Santa
v.-C-C .-• Cms and Way Stations B-55f»
t9.lsAKewark. San Jose, Felton. Boulder
• • - - Creek. Santa Croi 7.. t7.59P
t2.lspNewark, Centerville, San Jose,
;-. • r- . New Almaden. Los Gatos, Felton.
'. Boulder Creek. Santa. Cruz and
•'. " Principal Way Stations 1053 a -4
' 4.15 P Newark. San Jose, Loa- Gatos, ]
Wrijtht. t8.85A
- 4-1 spSaturrtayp Saturrtay and Sunday for Felton,
Boulder Creek. Sant» Craz 08-5Sa
COAST LINE (Uroa.l hangej. ,
. pr* (Third and Townsend Streets.)
B.loa San Jose and Way Stations 8 3I?P
t7iinA San Jose and Way Stations 5-40p
7.1 5 a Monterey; Santa Cruz Excursion
- (Sunday only) lO.IOp
S.OOANew Almaden (Tues., Frl., only).. 4-lOp
8-OOAThe Coaster— San Jose. Salinas.
- . \u25a0 San Ardo, Paso Bobles. Santa
Margarita, San Luis Oblspo,
Guadalupe. Gaviota, Santa Bar-
bara. San BaeuavPDtnra, Oxnard,
Burbank, Los Angeles 10.30P
B.ooa Gllroy, Hullister. Castrovtlle, Del
Monte. Paclflc Grove, Surf.
Lompoc. 10-3QP
9.00 a Saa Jose, Tres Plnos. Watsonrille,
Cap t tola. Santa, Cruz, Pacific
Grove. Salinas, Snn Lnis Oblspo
and Principal Way Stations 4.10P
t9OOALos Gatos. Wright. Boulder Creek,
via Santa Clara »nd- > arrow .
Gauge ."...:.. t7.40p
•10.30ASaa Joae and Way Stations M I.2CP
11.30a San Jose an«T Way Stations 7.4CP
215pSan Jose and Way Stations 8-3Sa
t3-00PD«l Monte Expire**— Santa Clara,
San Jose, W>uionvlll«, Santa
Cruz, Del Monte, -Monterey.
Paeifle Grove '.'..... f12.18»
t3-00PLos Gatos. Wrteht. Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz, via. Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauze 10-45*
3-30 P Son th San Francisco. Sao. Jose.
Gtlroy. Holllster. Tres Plnoa, \u25a0
"WaUoarille. Capttola,Santa Crnzv
Salinas, Monterey, Pacific Grove. 10.45 a
4-SOpSan Jose and Way Stations t7.50A
tsooPSanta Clara, San Jose, Loa Gatos.
Wright +9.00*
15.30P San Jose and PrlncipalWay Stations §9-40 a
6.4sPSunset Express— Redwood, Saa
Jose, Gllroy, Salinas, Paso
I- Robles, San Luis Oblspo, Santa . \u25a0;
F Barbara, Los Angeles, Demtng,
'- '\u25a0-"'\u25a0. \u25a0\u25a0 El Paso, New Orleans 9-10 a
8.45pE1 Paso. Kansas City, St. Louis...
Chicago 10.30?
s.4spPaJaro. Wataonvtlle. Capitola.
Santa Cruz. Castrovine, Dell JIO.IOP
Monte, Pacific Grove..... f 110.30P
t9-15pSan Mateo, Beresford, B'lmont,
Ban Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t8.48A
B.SOpSan Jose and Way Stations..... ... ' 333*
800PPaIo Alto and Way Stations 10.1SX
11.30PSoathSanFranctsco, MtUbrae.Bnr* «\u25a0>
llngame, San Mateo, Belmont, ' V.T.
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park and Palo Alto 3.43i>
11.30pSatnrdays only for Mayfleld. Moun-
tain View, Sunnyvale. Lawrencs,
. \u25a0 6anta CUra and San Jo«e ........ t9.43»
. OAKLAND HARBOR I ERRY
(Foot of Marh-etSt.)
f7.15A.M. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m..:,, _'
- 1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. S.lBp.h,
A for Morning. P for Afternoon, *
- ' tSuaday excepted. JSunday only.
(Monday only.
• IDaily. mad stops at all stations on Sanday.
_ '. %
BEsSBss^l^^^rfYi^^B3f3BßßsffiK|
|cauforniaumitedl
|CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYS!
3 Leaves Mondays and Thursdays at I
|g ft -.3') a. m. with Diners and Sleepers-^lgl
Other Santa Fe> Trains.
h '(At S* > For Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfield.
9 :30 a! m. j Merced. Hanford and Visalta.
4 :CO o. m For Stockton.
7 :30 a. m. 5 Direct connection for Tosemit*
9 :30 a. m. J Valley and the Big Tree*.
9:30 a. m. ] For Kansas City. Grand Canyoa
8:00 p. m.\ and Cnicaso.
9:30 a. m. 5 For Oakdala and points on Si«rt
* J. Railway. _
Ticket OfHce— 633 Market st. and Ferry Dwpot,
. . San Francisco: also Ul2 Broadway. O«k-
laad. Cal. : also 27 South First, ban Joss.
|gfppgpi||| To SAN RAFAEL v
ROSS VALLEY.
. " \u25a0_„-,, _^ (VI 1 f I Vu I 1 1* 1
!*vS?^&J^Sv?^ ; ii^f. Vla Sannallto Ftrry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD- GAUGE.
Depart week days at I:WX 7:43. a:23. 9:10.
9;30 li:t*a. m.: 12:20. I:4V 3: M. 4.-O, 3:13,
5-50' 0:30. 7:15, 9:CU, IO:W and 11:35 p. m.
Depart Sundays and Holidays at 7:1.\ 7:43.
8;15 a:*s. »:15, 9 r«. 10:15, 10:«. tl:l3. ii:44
am.: 12:13. 12:45. 1:13. 1:43. 2:13. 2:43.^3:13,
S-«.-4:IN » :15 . 3:«. »:13. tt: 43, 7:13.
C 7":43, 8:15 for Sauaallto wnly). 0:00. 10:15,
11:35 p. m.
For Fairfax week days— 7:43 a. m.; ; 3:15
p. m.. 6:45 p. m. Sundays .and holidays—.
7:48. 8:45. 9:15. 10:13. 11:45 a. m.; 1:13 p. m.
. THROUGH TKA.INS-.
7:15 a. m. daily — Cazadcro and way stations.
. 9:15 a. m. Sundays and : holidays — \u25a0 Point
Reye«. etc »
-3:15 p. to. dally (except Sunday) — For Caxa-
dero, etc - . • \u25a0 - . •-
5:15 p. m. daily (except Sunday) — For Point'
Reyes. . ate. .-J^tea/^dgaMaMMgM
• SslS p." m. Sundays' and holidays for Cara-
dero. etc. .. - - ...
TICKET OFFICE— «SO Market st
-\u25a0-" FERRY— Union " Depot, foot of Market st.
Weekly Call A
ONE DOLLAR PER 'YEAR.
jn : SAN FRANCISCO a<c
SAN FRANCISCO \u25a0-
210 Stockton St. ifcMjuflfii/^a^
XSIB Devisidero SL J|^^^^^^ SJO^Thirtecnth St.
57 6 Valencia St. xTilonfst.
LOOK jfor the Sipger Si^n
when in need of a Sewing Machine or Supplies.
Needles for all maKes of Sewing Machines
Sewing Machines Rented or Exchanged
. ADVERTISEMKXTS.
— '—<~~ — -r= — 1 PositiTely cured by
I* A BTTDO these ittle pillSc ;
* llAltl tl\O They also relieve Dls- !
a-M tres3 Irom Dyspepsia, In-
STTLE digestion and Too Heirty
J^l R\g j? Eattng. A perfect rem-
: gJV'bn' edyfor Dizziness, Nansca.
IH PILLS* Drowsiness. Bad Taste
Wk JE3 ttlo ilouth. Coated
TongTia. Pain In the Side,
IESsES™". JTORPtD LIVER. They
regulate the Bowels." - Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL; SmiDOSE. SMALL PRICE.
'nAPTCPgI CURE SICK HEAUAQIfi.
IUAKIIInO \u25a0.. -^ •.\u25a0••\u25a0 „
Kittle *;GesuinB Must. Bear .;
WIVER * Fan-simile Signature : :-'
PILLS. -^ \u0084 . _-^
Gonorrhoea and l-riaary Dlsrharees.
. A CIJRE IX 48 HOURS. "
|Visir DR, JORDAN'S great s
jIUSEOB OF fIHfITOMYI
\ Qfa 10S1 2UKXBT ST. t«t.lth*;th.s.y.CaL A
\ "'\u25a0 HT ' Tbs I<r(«t As»taml«al Miumm la th* V
jk jLll World. W«a*»«»« or any eanttssttd . |
V /CSj'iTS 1 ! dl"»»a p*»ltl»*ly e«r«il bT the oldowß'
2 fiV&v'i 133. JOSDAH-DISEASES OF MEN J
v v&fiS&l \u25a0' \u25a0 Gaaraltuloa <*•• sad ttrtnily print*
A I x£*«Jl Tremtment fwn-ualiy or br Imi*. ii'
-v-fl W ! t^titf- C«f to verj cue ond«r»kea. W
f• i {{' MAHnMGC, .'i.'.IUB k'^ES. 'A*
i J} ]£ Tatuabls book for fciea.)
?DB.JOBDA7f A CO.. 1031 Marfe»t. St., a F. f
RAILWAY TRAVEL. _ _ _,
The North Western- •
Union Pacific Excursions .
afford nnnsiul opportunities for, an
economical and s»tl sfai tor y journey to
GhicagorEast
Excursions Every Day
personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday,, Friday.;- •,
Ueave Los Angeles oria day earlie*.
Choice of routes.'
For full ir.fcrmatlon apply to or liinst '
R. R. RITCHIE, 'S.F.BOOTK,
• - Ceneral Agent, \u25a0 ' C«n'l Agent Pasi'T DepL,
Chicago & North- Western Ry. Union Pacific K. R.
617 Market St. No. 1 Momgomery St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL -- ,
CALIFORNIA, NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlhurtm Ferrr. Foot of Market Street.
SA3V RAFAEL* TO SAW FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 8:00, 9:0 O. 12:35, 2:30,
5:10. 5:50.
SI : NDAYS— 7:30. S:0O. 9:30 a. m., 12:35. 2:30,
\u25a0 5:10 p. m. • • . \. • ' . y
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:OS.- 7:35, 7:50. 8:20 a. in.,
12:50. 2:40. 5:00^ 5:20. 8:20 D.-m.
SUNDAYS— 6.OS. 7:35. 7:50, 9:20 a. m., 2:40.
4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:20.; 7:50, 7:58 p. m. .
Leave .\u25a0 I -In Effect •' I Arrive
San Fran. [ August 7- 1905. [ San Fran.
Week I Sun- |- . Destina- - < t Sun- I Week
Days. I daya. |- \u25a0 tion. f daya. | Days.
7:30 a .
7:30 a 8:0Oa 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00 a 9:30 a Irnacio. - 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:80 p 2:30 p \ r6:Of>P 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p *' 6:20 p 7:20p
.. 7:20 p
. ' . \u25a0 - A 8:50 p
i8:00a| 8:00 at .Nap*.. - | 8:40 al 8:40 a
;s:lop| 510 pi \u25a0 •-\u25a0 -1.6:20 p| 6:20 p
.7:30 a. 7:30 a -. \u25a0 .-' 8:40 af 8:40 a
8:<)0a 8:00 a .Nova to. 10:20. a 10:20 a
2:30p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20p 6:20p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:20 p 7:20 p
s:lQp Santa Roga. 8:20 p .
7:30 a! 7:30 a ' ' 10:20 a 16:20 a
8:0Oa 8:0Oa Fulton. 7:20 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p \u25a0 * 8:50 p 7:20 p
• " Windsor. :l - • •
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburgr. (10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton. I
2:30 p 2:30p; Geyaerville. '. \ 7:20 p -7:20 p
;— (- • Cloierdale. I •.. . > \u25a0
7:30 al 7:30 a|. Hopland. 110:20 a! 10:2» a
,-2:30 p[- 2:30 p( .and,.Ukiah.. | 7:20 p| ,7:30 p
~~ ~~1 T: p Wlllits. I \i
7:30al 7:3oa| Sherwood. \u25a0 [ 7:20 p[ 7:20 p
8-00a[ 8:00 al Guerneville and |10:20 a]10:?0 a
2:30 p| 2:30 pi Camp -Vacation. \ 8:50 p| 6:20 p
«:00a 8:00 a ' -J 8:40 a 8:40 a
5:10p 9:30 a * Sonoma," - 6:(K>p 6:20p
5:10 p . Glen : Ellen. - 8:5 Op
7:30 a 7:30 a * ' 1O:2O a 10:20 a
2:30p 2:30p SebastopoL... .7:20p 6:20p
5:10 p 5:10 p :\u25a0,-\u25a0."\u25a0--\u25a0. : .-• : , ,
STAGES connact at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphus Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burkes Sanitarium: at Lyttnn for
Lytton Springs: -at Geyservllte for Skagg»
Springs: at Cloverdale- fn». th« Geysers, Boone-
ville and Greenwood; at Hopland for ' Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyvlUe. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda. B»y. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Wit tw
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.v Potter Valley.
John ,T Day's, Lierley'a. HullviUe. Orr-». Hot
Springs, , Halfway House. CnmHche. Hopkins.
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usa^
at "Wlllits for, Hearst and Sawjer; at Sh*rwoojx
for Weetport. Canto. : Covelo, LaytonvlJlo, Cuny
min»,' Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsens. Dyer
Garborvtlle. Pepperwood. Camp's. Scotia and
Saturday to Monday 'round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. .- \u25a0 '_ • ' "s ,-
On Sundays-^-Round trip tickets to all points
beyond San-Rafael at half rates: • \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
. • Ticket office, -.; 850 : Market street. Chronicle
buildlns. : • . •
JAS. AGLER. - \u25a0 R. X. RTAX. - ,
" Gen. - Manager. :'•'\u25a0• " Gen. Pass A*t.
iVIT^TAIVIALPAIiiS J^AllWay
It. Saa fnadso *f. Sxa fria^seo
Vk. Dijt _3cnd»Ti «^^f/Ty^ Soadijs Vk. D»js
7:4S7SSSSB| 11;32a 10.45 A -
9:50a B'--*sal^£sS»W i:O3p 2:56p
1:45p 1O:15a -^^^*27 2:3!1p 6:!82p
J«iiird*T 12:45p 6:OSp *!»tars»T"
\u25a0Only-, 2:15p UjU; VMiap 6:32p Only
4:35p a^SpJhiSanhirmi B;3a> 11:25p
V. IIT J 650 Market ST.,(North- Shore Railroad)
.11 UdS j an d Sausauto Fekky. Foot Market St»CAPTAIN H. BERGER. FORMERLY
OF. THE PRUSSIAN ARMY. NOW
LEADER OF HAWAIIAN BAND.
THIEVES ON BOARD A STEAMER.— L. J.
Reed, first engineer of the steamer Santa Rosa,
reported \u25a0to the plolce . yesterday that on the
last trip to San Diego some one entered his
cabin and stole his gold watch, chain and
locket valued at $75. He did not think tbe
thief's name was on the passenger list.
Cost, of a "Marshall Fountain Pen Is the
\u25a0workmanship." In this pen we glvo more than
is expected. Jlt is the best pen ever sold for
$1. You can have It In fine, medium or stub
pens, black and mottled holders. "Waterman
Ideal Fountain Pens." $2.60 to $5 each. San
born, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
The "Principal
Judge Kerrigan" yesterday granted an
interlocutory decree of divorce to Char
lotte Buswell from Sidney E. Buswell
on the ground of_ failure to provide.
Judge ;Murasky issued an interlocutory
decree ' to" Ada' M. | Patterson from
Charles A; Patterson on the ground of
desertion. The" following suits for di
vorce were filed yesterday: Helen E.
from , Edward - Z. Coakley, alleging
cruelty; John ' Makowskl from Martha
Makowski. alleging cruelty; Briley
from Abraham Levy, cruelty; Florence
R. from Oliver D.Towles, desertion;
Emma V.; from Thomas F. McGowan,
failure. to provide.
DivorceN Granted and Salts Filed.
Engage your tables! Grand opening of
Cliff House, new grill Sunday. Aug. 27.»
Enslisb * Entertainment.
On .the cvenin,g of Monday, August
28, Empress Victoria Lodge of the Order
of Daughters of : St. George,;' will have
an open meeting In the Alcazar build-
Ing for Its -members and their friends.
There is- to be a programme of enter
tainment of music, ballads and special
ties, after which_there will be an order
of dances., :;"^'-;- r ;
Try the United Laundry. 1004
Market street Telephone South 420. •
William Beaaley Sustains Injuries la
Stockton That May Result
•v-V; • \u25a0': : In Hla Death. .
STOCKTON, Aug. 18 r — While inspect
the construction work on the new Bell
Theater this afternoon William Beasley
Sr. fell Into the basement and sus
tained injuries 'that may result la his
death. His shoulder blade was broken
by the fall and his head was cut
• Beasley Is nearly 70 years of age
and heavy. • This Is the second acci
dent of the kind -that has occurred re
cently on the new theater.
SERIOUSLY' HURT BY FALL
WHILE INSPECTING THEATER
, At" the semi-annual meeting of the
general relief committee of the Ancient
Order of .Workmen the following named
were elected. as the offlcers for the cur
rent term: M. J. Blackman, president;
J. j H Bates, vice president; Frank Nor
ton, secretary, and S. M. Snyder, treas
urer. The reports presented show that
the committee, during the term, at
tended to a number of cases of mem
bers of lodges outside of the city, who
were taken sick here and in each case
rendered such assistance as was neces
sary. -The committee also attended the
funeral ; of ' two j members of the : order
belonging to lodges outside of the juris
diction of San Francisco, but who died
here. The' bazaar recently given in aid
of this committee will net at least $500.
Workmen's* Relief * Committee.
— Some. Kllt-edsre. Investment* for you
to consider • \u25a0 advertised In -. Sunday's
call. •' \u25a0' • -' •: "-. . ' -
\u25a0 , "Downtown property*! In .- Snn . Fran
cisco biti a tvlde 'slirnlflcance nowa
day*— ... .- :.-\u25a0.. . .''.\u25a0 '•\u0084\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•'"..•.• \
Through their attorneys, W. H. Lln
forth of San Francisco and B. A. Har
rington of San Jose, Rogers and Main
began their defense .by attacking the
validity of the Grand Jury. All the
grand jurors were subpenaed to ap
pear and a number were put on the
stand to testify to their qualifications,
with the result that five were found
to have served on the last Grand Jury.
Two others are not on the assessment
rollanffthree others testified that they
did not'vote on the indictments, which
leaves less than the necessary number
of legal votes to bind the Indictments.
The first draft of names for the
Grand Jury, was made by Judge Smith
of the : Superior Court in January.
Since that time the Legislature passed
a law disqualifying any one from serv
ing on two grand juries within a year.
The examination of jurors was con
tinued, until to-morrow morning. The
attorneys for Main and Rogers will
move to quash. the indictment, but sev
eral minority stockholders declare that
should the -court so order an informa
tion will at. once be filed charging them
with felony and the prosecution will be
continued in the criminal courts.
; SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 18.— W. J. Rogers
and H. H. Main of San Jose, ex-general
manager and secretary respectively of
the Watsonville Transportation Com
pany, who are under indictment by the
Santa Cruz Grand Jury, were, arraigned
to-day. They are charged with de
frauding the stockholders of the com
pany of upward of $360,000 in stock
and $21,000 in cash and with erasing
the records of transactions from the
minutes.
Captain Berger, who is so closely,
identified with the musical education of
the natives of Hawaii, was born in Ber
lin, Germany, and received his musical
education in that city. When a lad he
entered the military service, and after a
short period he was assigned to one of
the crack cavalry bands. Promotion
quickly -came to him/and when the
Franco-Prussian War broke out in
1870 he was director of the Royal and
Imperial Uhlan Regiment, the body
guard of Emperor William I of Prussia.
Captain Berger served with his regi
ment all through the terrible campaign
and was'present at the fearful battle of
Gravelotte and at the siege of Metz and
the surrender of Napoleon 111 at Sedan,
• When, Marshal yon Moltke and Prince
'arranged the formation of
the victorious Prussian troops, for the
entry . into Paris, after the siege and
surrender of that city, it was the Royal
and Imperial Uhlan Regiment that led
the way., > At their head rode Captain
Bergery.and it was his voice that shout
ed "Hochder Kaiser" as he passed un
der;, the Arche de Trlomphe from -the
Place.de Mars. Five hundred thousand
/victorious Prussians marched in that
memorable parade, but it was Captain
Berger'whose hoarse Prussian voice
dismayed the Parisians who heard the
shouts. of .their victors in their beloved
capital. -In the magnificent hall of the
Palace;of .Versailles, when Prince Bis
marck-made King William of Prussia
Emperor, of United Germany, Captain
Berger -led- his superb band in a paean
of victorious music. Beloved and deco
rated T by-his Emperor, Captain Berger
was ; sent: to Hawaii after the war to
become bandmaster for King Lunalillo.
who i had ' requested the German Em
peror to help him form a military band.
Through-.all the vicissitudes of the Ha
waiian: Islands, Captain Berger has re
mained^at the head of the military and
musical organization which : he formed,
and he is beloved by natives and Ameri
cans^ and all who dwell in the dreamy
islands of the Pacific, where music
holds sway. -'• c
Jhe proud distinction of - being the
first Prussian soldier to • enter Paris
after the terrible siege of the French
capital; by the troops of allied Germany
is held by Captain H. Berger, the vet-~
eran director ot the Royal Hawaiian
Band. " ' *
Rogers and Main Seek to
Quash Indictment in San
• ta Cruz Court.
ACCUSED PROMOTERS
ATTACK GRAND JURY
NAPA. .. Aug. . 1 3. — The annual meet
ing of, the California .Viticultural Club
opened in St. Helena thla afternoon for
a two days' session, j There was a large
attendance of delegates. from all parts
of the State, .including Santa Rosa.
Fresno. ' Napa; • Woodland, Stockton,
Martinez.' Berkeley and Santa Ana. The
convention'was called to order by Pres
ident John Sweet 'of '-'-Martinez in
the OddF ellows Hall, Secretary E. H.
Knight of Berkeley being at the sec
retary's' desk. . Several addresses were
made by 'delegates' on' the benefits of
fertilization and the; best methods em
ployed. '". The speakers were Joseph
Redding of FresaKJ. B. - Bruck of St.
Helena. A. Schoenwald of St. Helena
and Professor E. K. Knight of Berke
ley. • . \ \u25a0'
C. L. I^p.rue of Yountville gave a
strong addre33 'on. bench grafting and
hill, grafting of Vines. It was fol
lowed by an extended- discussion by
W. J. Hickey \u25a0of 1 Woodland \u25a0 and others.
The general sentiment of the meeting
was that bench grafting 'gave the best
results throughout the State. Professor
Pierce of Santa Ana made an Interest
ing address on the Anaheim disease in
this State, which brought out many
valuable suggestions for fighting it. .
.To-night Professor E. J. Wickson of
the University of California spoke on
the condition of vineyards in Califor
nia, giving the results of his investi
gations in various counties. —'•>v. ;
Professor Wickson of the
i: Stated University Tells of
Eesults of Investigation
The new synagogue will have a seat
ing capacity of 1350. The congrega
tion numbers • 1000:' members. \u25a0. Rabbi
Jacob Nieto is In. charge of the congre
gation and has officiated for the last
twelve years to i the fgfeat satisfaction
of the members. The first services are
to be heldiSeptember:l7. These will be
in ; the nature of' consecration services
and all the rabbis in this city and
vicinity, have 'been 'invited to partici
pate. ; |. ;.'..U . .
angles. '. " ' '
Members have been invited to -visit
the synagogue to-morrow; for! the pur
pose of exchanging their seats. .This
is a novel idea on t».e part of the ener
getic rabbi and has met with -the
hearty^ approval of the congregation^
This will give the members an oppor
tunity of securing the same relative lo
cations they had in the old synagogue;
' The synagogue at Post and** Taylor
streets sold for $105,000 Qnd the' balg,
ance ' has been subscribed ,by memberS
for. the erection of this new and hand-;
some edifice. , '>.' .'5./
The ark and pulpit are of solid ma
hogany ' and hand-carved. The organ
is pronounced a work of art- by well
known experts. It is the largest in the
city, with the" exception of the instru
ment ; in St. Ignatius Church, .arid is an
improvement over the Stanford memo
rial organ at Palo -, Alto. The Temple
Israel" organ was built by the same
firm. The new Instrument has fifty
stops and cost in the neighborhood. of
$15,000. v A novel feature is an echo or
gan, which is to be placed in the dome
gallery.' The particular stop' on the
echo organ is the vox humana, which
will give the* effect of sweet voices
heard In the distance. •
lac vestibule and staircase, are of
white marble and the interior, finish of
the.synagogue is of marble.. "
The" acoustics, .'. so. far as .can be
judged by" the : playing of the organ,
seem to be exceedingly, good. This la
practically guaranteed by the many
curves in the interior decoration. " The
architect succeeded in eliminating right
Great Interest is being manifested in
Jewish- church circles over, the opening
of Temple : Israel, ; , the .handsome new
edifice that is. being erected oh Jthe 'cor
ner ' of ' California and 'Webster* streets
by the members of' the V Congregation
Sherith Israel.- This structure, ls to cost
1320,000 and when completed will sur
passanything of its kind in this .count
try.' Its y exterior..* is said "to} compare
with the magnificent structure erected
by the Emperor" of : Germany *im the city
of Strassburg. \u25a0\u25a0:-•.* The interior, Is -far su
perior to that of '.he synagogue In Flor
ence, which up to now is said to be the
best decorated synagogue." jj| The (style
of architecture is Romanesque and the
decorations are of the Byzantine style.
The sacred emblems of the faith are
painted around the cove.'.A golden back
ground and hundred^ of incandescent
lamps add to this decorative feature.
The building is studded with lights and
the graceful lines of 'architecture are
shownHo advantage" when the interior
is Illuminated.
. . \u2666 : • ,
Consecration ;bf Holy House
Will Soleinnizea } With
Ceremonies of High Order
EDIFICE IS BEAUTIFUL
many; addresses made
Hold Session -in St. Helena
and. Discuss the Various
VFeatures^of the Industry
Jewish Temple, Home of
'A Congregation -\ Snefith'- Is
rael. Is bearing Completion
NEW SYNAGOGUE
TO OPEN SOON
VITICULTURISTS
IN CONVENTION
The convention of Christian churches
\u25a0was formally opened yesterday after
noon with the first session of the Chris
tian Woman's Board of Missions.'Xear
ly 10,000 delegates and visitors to the
convention have been enrol led^at the,
headquarters, "Native Sons' Hall. Many
more are still on the way. Frank
Stuart Ford and his active reception
committee were kept busy yesterday
greeting new arrivals and attending to
their wants. This detail of the con
vention work is admirably, attended, to. I
Members of the committee are at the*'
depots to take charge" of visitors as '
they leave their trains and guide them^,
to' the headquarters.' j
Following Is the committee that has!
charge of the arrangements: j
A. M. Elstcn, Berkeley, religious exhibits;
Dr. J. M. Read, San Francisco, halls; Pro- i
fessor Hiram Van Kirk. B2rkeley, transpor
tation; E. W. Durst. Berkeley, pulpit supply.
Frank Stuart Ford. San Francisco, reception
and entertainment; George C. Kubbard. San
Francisco,- programme; Dr. R. L. Rigdon. San
Francisco, music; H. D. McAueney, Oakland,
reglstnLtion and badges ; W. B. Berry, San
Francisco, advisory; A. C. .McKeever. Fresno,
finance; J. P. Dargitz, Acampo, Information
«afl State exhibits, and Profe»sor H. C. In
gram, OoJcl&nd, ushers. ,
Native Sons' Hall was filled with
vie Jtors from early morning until . late
at nlKht. Delegates . from all over the
foregathered In the hall .and ex
changed greetings. A spirit of earnest
enthusiasm seems to pervade the con
vention. The last year has been a
prosperous on« for the Christian
churches and . those at the convention
are determined that the good work
•hall be kept up with Increased vigor.
WORK OP THE YEAR.
Tbe meeting of the Christian Wo
sn&n's Board of Missions, held at the
First Congregational Church, was pre
sided over by Vice President Anna R,
Attwater. The president, Mrs. N. E.
Atkinson, was unable to attend the
convention.
After devotional service, conducted
by Mrs. M. J. Hartley of California.
Mrs. Attwater reviewed the work of
tbe year in an eloquent address. En
thusiastically she spoke of the progress
made and the rood work to be done
In tbe future.
Tbe report of. tbe progress commit
tee, read by Miss S. S. Murphy, was
listened to with great interest. It
showed In detail what has been done
by tbe Christian Woman's Board of
Missions.
Following are extracts from tbe re
port:
Jamaica. — Reports for th« year . from this,
car oldest, . mission have been' most encour
aging. Tbe reinforcement given this field haa
brought rood cheer to the work. Th« Kingston
church reports fifty additions since October;
Oberlln report* Mventy-two, Torrtngton twelve.
King's Gate eleven. The churches to which
Cordon Hay ministers have had sixteen addi
tions, while the Highgate membership has
been doubled.
Torrington has held special missionary serv
ice* «ach quarter and . cottag* ' prayer meet
ings each week, with good attendance \u25a0 and . In
terest. Kingston has organized -a girls' dub,
which Is doing much good.- Manning's Hill
Christian Endeavor Society • won the Jamaica
banner for largest gain — 168 per cent. - Ober
lin came next with 137 per cent gain.
Chapels have been erected 'at Providence,
Salisbury Plains. Manning's Hill and- Car
mel. Jamaica's w&ichword for tbe year seems
to have been. Go Forward!
India. — Oar oldest station, Bllaspur. has
b-en aorely smitten by the bubonic plague.
Mies Kingsbnry moved our 120 orphanage girls
to Pendra Road, where they wer ekept In
health and happiness. Miss Boyd and Miss
Mills remains in or near Bilaspur. giving
belp and courage to many. The plague has
now subsided : the girls are home again. Mrs.
Lohr has returned from her - furlough In Ger
many. Dr. Martha Smith, assisted by Miss
Caroline Pope, our Missouri State * offlcers'
offering to India, will have charge of the hos
pital. Mrs. Lohr and Miss Mills of the schools,
while Miss Boyd win have charge of the or
pbHii&cre during Miss Klngsbury*s furlough.
In Blna there have been six conversions.- and
Inquirers for tbe wey are coming In la*ge
number*. The native church has been crgan
l»*d apart from the English congregation.
e.r-1 a daily service Is held on the mission
compound for Bible study for the native Chris
tians. Several young couples fro,m our or
r>har.ages have settled in Bina, and are a help
to the cause. Tbe school and zenana work is
&o\ng well under the direction of Miss Gordon.
Mr Eleam vtelts Jhansl. ' where we have a
congregation cf seventeen Christiana. ••; ;J.; J . -
GOOD WORK I* MEXICO.
Mexico.— Thl» ha» been a year of signal
blessing to cur work in Mexico. The holi
day week witnessed the • dedication of . our
new mission building, the finest In Monterey,
by President W. E. Garrison of Butler . Col-
Ucf Indianapolis. Ind. It haa also seen. our
Monterey «chool pass the 000 mark In its en
rollment. There have been thirty-one addl-
M. Rogers, , Illinois; afternoon.. Rev. J. J.
Evans. Oregon. .-'..-"' \u25a0
South Berkeley Presbyterian— Morning, Rev.
T. E. Mallory.- Ohio; ' afternoon, -\u25a0 Rev. R. L.
Cartwrlght. Oregon. . \u25a0.
First United, Presbyterian, Golden Gate ave
nue, and Polk street. San Francisco— Morning,
Rev. Peter Ainslle, Baltimore; - afternoon \u25a0 Rev:
H. L. Calhoun, Kentucky. .-' "
Second United Presbyterian.^ Guerrero- street,
near Twen,ty-»econd, San Francisco — Morning.
Rev. E. g. Muckley,'. Oregon; afternoon, Rev.
Charles E. Smith. : South Carolina.
\u25a0 Golden \u25a0 Gate \u25a0 San Francisco —
Morning, Rev. W. L. Nell. Ohio. • '
Central Methodist Episcopal.: 1028 Mission
street, San Francfsco — Morning, Rev. J. H. O.
Smith. Indiana; afternoon. Rev. George Miller
Kentucky. . - • . -k \u25a0\u25a0 '* \u25a0 \u25a0 v-- \u25a0\u25a0
Ijj Epworth Methodist Episcopal.^ 1244 •. Sanchez
streets San Francisco — Morning, Rev. George
Rlngo, California; afternoon Rev. J. V. Combs,
Oreeon. ''\u25a0.-. ' :
Trinity Methodist \u25a0 Episcopal. Sixteenth and
Noe streets,- San Francisco — Morning, Rev. W
F. Turner. Illinois; afternoon, Rev G. A.'.Far
rls, Texas. ' - . . '
Howard-street Methodist Episcopal Howard
street, between Second and Third, San ! Fran
cisco — Morning, Rev. C. A. Young, Illinois;
afternoon. Rev. W. J. Wright, Ohio.
Grace Methodist Episcopal, Twenty-first and
Capp streets. San Francisco — Morning,' Rev. H
L. Calhoun, Kentucky; afternoon, Rev.-W. H.
Plnkerton. Kentucky; ( . . . \u25a0
Potrero, Methodist Episcopal, .San Francisco —
Afternoon. Rev. W. M. Baker, Mississippi.
Richmond Methodist Episcopal; 325 Fourth
aye.. Richmond, San Francisco — Morning, Rev.'
A." B. Markel, California; afternoon. Rev.' Da
vis Errett. Orezon. ' . : • . • .
Berkeley 1 Methodist ; Episcopal, , Allston way
and Fulton street — Morning. Rev. S. F. Fow-'
| ler. ' Kentucky; afternoon.. Rev. G. L. Bush,
| Texes.
First Methodist I Episcopal, ' Fourteenth and
Clay streets, Oakland — Afternoon. . Rev. . A. '• Mc-
Lean. Ohio.
Centennial Methodist Episcopal, 915 Chester
street, Oakland — Morning, Rev. R. L Cave,
Tennessee;, afternoon,' Rev. E. .W. Allen. In
diana. ; . '.
Twenty-fourth Avenue Methodist Episcopal,
East Fifteenth street and Twenty-fourth ave
nue. Oakland — Morning, ; - Rev. ' Robert Elmore,
Virginia; afternoon, Rev. Claud E. Jones, In
diana. . •
First Methodist Episcopal, Alameda — Morn
ing. Rev. J. T. Brown, Kentucky; afternoon.
Rev. C; W. Dick, Kentucky. . . \u25a0 '
Shattuck-avenue Methodist Episcopal, j Oak
land — Morning, Rev. J. A. McKinzie; after
noon. Rev. Thomas Wallace.
Centenary Methodist Episcopal South. 1715'
Bush street, San Francisco — Morning, Rev. S.
M. Bernard, Colorado; afternoon. Rev. W. A.
Moore, Oregon. .'
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street, near
Twenty-second, San Francisco — Morning. Rev.
W. E. Crabtree. California; afternoon- Rev. J.
L. Haddock. Texas.
Hamilton Square, 1075 Post street. San Fran
cisco — Morning, , Rev. J. "A. Lord. Ohio; after
noon. Rev. J. Cronenberg. Oregon. • \u25a0\u25a0
First • Baptist, Telegraph avenue, Oakland
Morning, Rev. W. J. White.' Ohio; afternoon
Rev. C. A. Finch, Nebraska.
Tenth-avenue Baptist. Tenth '. avenue '' and
Eaet Fourteenth street," OaKland — Morning
Rev. F. F. Bullard. Virginia;' afternoon. Rev.
H. A. Denton, Missouri. * .._. ._ .
' Calvary Baptist. West' street, near Twelfth,
Oakland— Morning. Rev. J. Murray . Taylor,
Washington. D. C. ; afternoon, Rev.' D. 6!
Cunningham. \u25a0 . ,-,
I^rst Baptist, Allston way, Berkeley—Morn
ing, Rev. B. L. Kershner. Nebraska; afternoon
Rev. James Small, Indiana. . \u25a0 . ;\u25a0; \u25a0 '
Evangelical .Baptist. Stiles ; Hall. -Berkeley—
Morning, Rev. E.C.. Sanderson. Oregon; after
noon. Rev. W. 1 C. 1 Payne." Kansas.
• First Baptist, "Alameda — Morning, RewJ. H.
Mohorter. Colorado; afternoon, r.Rev. S. D. Pcr 1
klnson, Texas. \u25a0 . , \u0084
Golden Gate Baptist — Morning * Rev.' Samuel
Bartlett. Ohio. \\ . \u25a0
Twenty-third - Avenue Baptist, Oakla.nd—
Morning. Rev; M. E. Hariin. New York; after
noon. Rev. J. ,H.;Klrschsteln, Nebraska. . -.>:•'.
First- Free Baptist.' 1271 -.Bush' street, • San
Francisco — Mornlns:,' Rev. \u25a0 J.- F. Gormley, \u25a0- Ore
gon: afternoon.- Rev.~ J. A." L.Romlg.: Indiana.
West Side, Christian. 2520 Bush street T San
Francisco— Morning, Charles R. ScovUle,
Illinois; afternoon. Rev. 'J. H. O.- Smith, In
diana. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 . ... ' '• ".\u25a0-.'•'\u25a0.- • : ,"'\u25a0 •;.'*;";'.', .
First Christian.' Twelfth street, between! Mls
i«on nnd -Howard. San Francisco — Morning,
Rev. George Ranshaw, - Ohio; . afternoon. Rev.
R. H. Crossfleld, Tennessee.' : - ",•".\u25a0\u25a0; <\u25a0
Tenth Avenue/ Tenth avenue, between T and
J streets. San Franclsco- T Mornlng. \u25a0 Clay '\u25a0 T.
Runyon. Oklahoma; "afternoon. ; A: L. -Martin,
Kansas. \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0' - -\u25a0\u25a0'•- '\u25a0: \u25a0•••.*- \u25a0•• \u25a0 . -y . \u25a0.\u25a0 -. ;
. Twenty-fourth Street, near Castro, Ran Fran:
Cisco — Morning, Rev. W.F. Reagor. California;
afternoon. Rev. "D. H. Russell. .California; \u25a0-'.
First - Christian; • Hamilton -\u25a0" Auditorium.
Fourteenth- street.- Oakland — Mornlnr. 'Rev.-F.
i M. Raines. Ohio;- afternoon, ; Rev. . Charles R.
Scovllle. Illinois. , . • \u25a0
! First Christian. Santa Clara and Park • ave
i nues, Alameda— Morning,- . - Rev. George W.
Muckley. .Missouri;; afternoon.vßev.' George B.
Banshaw.? mm ' ' to^fliUllil'inlWllW^ Wi l |i|||i||liii l l
Berkeley,' Christian, Dana street and Bancroft
way.- Berkeley— Morning. Rev..' B. ;L. Smith,
Ohio; afternoon..'. . Rev. <=.l. ; J._- Spencer, " Ken
tucky, i^ ' ..-- : '\u25a0\u25a0',\u25a0 -,'i\"., JK ."j \u25a0;,\u25a0\u25a0 ...:.. i:: - \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•
First English Lutheran. Geary. Ftreet. near
Octavla. San- Francisco — Morning, . Rev. -A. : C.
Smlther. • : California ; . ' afternoon. • Rev. '': S. - ' J.
White. Missouri.' ' ; :' ' "' - - :
I Friends'. Church, , Berkeley— Morning,' R«v. G. :
'A.~ Hoffman." - '' : \u25a0 '\u0084•'"." \u25a0 ' ; "\u25a0;\u25a0
' \ : • '._» /»/,, — — — — \ .'\u25a0.-.
A little degrete of divinity, Is better than
theblggest'degree'ln'divinlty. ' \u25a0
At the evening session Mrs. Julia C.
Gerould dwelt at length upon the deplor
able condition of women in ' India. She
impressed strongly on the convention the
i need of Christian physicians there. • «
Dr. R. W. Smith led the singing during
the evening, and Mrs. E. W. Darst con
ducted the religious services. Miss Cala
Harrison of California delivered a brief
address of welcome.
The Christian Woman's Board of Mis
sions will continue Its work to-day and
this evening at the First Congregational
Church. General board meetings will be
held at Native Sons' Hall In the morning
and afternoon.
HASTY PREACHERS TO TALK.
On Sunday services will be conducted
by visiting missionaries at the following
local churches:
First Congregational, Maion and Post streets.
Ban Francisco— Morning:, Rev. J. H. Garrison,
MlEOurl; afternoon. Rev. H. O. Breeden, lowa,
Plymouth Congregational, Post . street, near
Webeter. Ban Francslco — Morning, Rev. George
Snively Missouri; afternoon. Rev. P. A. Cave,
Virfclnia.
Fourth Congregational, Green street, near
Stockton, San Francisco — Morning, Rev. J. W.
Crutch er. Missouri; •afternoon. Rev. R. "W.
Wallace. Georgia. ( -, • :
Park Congregational 1648 Hayes street, San
Francisco— Morning, , Rev. J. W. Halsapel,
Texas; afternoon. Rev. W. W. Phares. Ten
nessee.
Plerce-street " Congregational, Pierce \u25a0- and
Green streets. San Francisco— Morning, Rev.
E. E. Moorman. Indiana.
Seventh-avenue Congregational. Seventh ave
nue and Clement street, San Francisco— Morn-
Ing, Rev. A. L. Chapman. Montana.
Olivet Congregational. Seventeenth- and No*
streets, San Francisco — Morning, Rev. Thomas
Lenox, Alabama; afternoon. Rev. I. W. Agee,
Illinois. . \u25a0
First Congregational, Dana street and Durant
avenue. • Berkeley — Morning, Rev. C. M. . Chll
ton; afternoon. Rev. A.B. Philputt. Indiana.
Fourth Congregational. \u25a0 Grove and Thirty
sixth . streets, Oakland — Morning, Rev. James
Small, Indiana; .afternoon. Rev. G: B. Town
send New York. ,'....-
Pilgrim Congregational.' 1121 Eighth avenue.
Oakland—Afternoon. Rev. R. . P. . Shepherd,
California.
Second Congregational, Oakland — Morning.
Rev. F. M. Hooton, Missouri. \u25a0 " ..
First Congregational, Alameda— Morning,
Rev. J. M. Rudy, Mlsourl; afternoon. ' Rev. W.
B. Goode. Ohio.
Frultvale Congregational, Frultvale avenue
and Sixteenth street— Morning, Rev. Peter Col-
Yin, California; afternoon. Rev. 8. Boyd White.'
Kentucky.'
Mill Valley Congregational — Morning, Rev.
Leonard Thompson, Colorado.
First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street, ; San Francisco — Morning,
Rev.* H.O . Breeden. Iowa; afternoon; Rev. H.
D." Smith. Kentucky. . , "
Calvary Presbyterian. San ' Francisco— Morn -
Ing. Rev. E. L. . Powell. . Kentucky; afternoon, '
Rev. J.. J. Morgan. Missouri. .
Holly ' Park Presbyterian. California avenue j
and Lizzie street — Morning, Rev. J. O. Rose, i
Indiana; afternoon. Rev. L. F. , Stephens, i
Oregon. . . \u25a0 \u25a0 ' \u25a0 . . \u25a0 |
Trinity Presbyterian. San Francisco — Morn
ing, Rev. . Mr. Daugherty, Indiana; afternoon,
G. D. Edwards. Indiana. \u25a0-.. \ . \u25a0\u25a0
St. John's Presbyterian, California and Octa
vla streets. San- Francisco— Morning, A. •W.
: Kokendoffer. Missouri.
I . Lebanon- Presbyterian. . Sanchez and Twenty
third etreets. San Francisco— Morning, Rev. -J.
O. Boon. Florida; afternoon, Ber.'Wl A. Bald
win. Nebraska.-. :--• .;\u25ba. \u25a0 ' \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0.;.<;
Howard Presbyterian, , San Francisco— Morn-
Ing. Rev. : W. =F. Aylesworth. -
Memorial Presbyterian.- .1600 Fourteenth ave
nue. \u25a0 San Francisco— Morning. .Rev. M. H.
Hart; afternoon. Rev. W. B. Clemmer.'- lowa,
Brooklyn Presbyterian. 1372, Tenth avenue,
Oakland — Morning. Rev.- Chalmers McPherson
Texas; afternoon. Rev. W. W. Sniff, Indiana:
First Presbyterian. . Santa - Clara avenue and
Chestnut ' street. Alameda— Morning. - Rev. y.
The platform was occupied by Miss
Mattie Pounds," superintendent of the
young people's work; James ,C. Warren
of Los Angeles, Mrs.' J. C. Gerould, Mrs.
Anna R. Attwater, Miss Mattie Burgess,
Mrs. Howard Rlgdoh, San Francisco;
Mrs. S. S. Murphy and Mrs. A. M. Yarn
all.
The. report was encouraging through
out.- In few cases' the work of con
version- progressed, but slowly, .but on
the whole" the report showed, that.won
derful work was .being done by the
missionaries sent forth • by the Chris
tian Woman's Board, of Missions.
James G. Warren of .Los .Angeles,'
known among the people, of the Chris
tian churches as the frferid.of the chll-.
dren, spoke enthusiastically "on teach
ing the youth the" value of missionary
work. Mrs. Julia C.^.Gerould of* Cleve
land, Ohio, told of. the work, that is
being done in, India.
HEPOIIT EXCOURAGIXG.
tlons reported to the church In Monterey. The
Sunday school- and Society of \u25a0 Christian - En
deavor are prospering, while. Mr. Shaw, of
the United Society -of Christian *End«avor,
says our Junior Society in .Monterey Is with
out doubt the largest on their records.
PRESIDENT AND O.VE OF THE ACTIVE MEMBERS OF THE CHRISTIAN WOMAN'S BOARD OF MISSIONS AND LEADING
MEMBERS OF THE- INTERNATIONAL, CONVENTION OF THE CHURCHES OF THAT DENOMINATION, WHICH IS NOW
IN SESSION IN SAN FRANCISCO. ... w . -
Board of Missions Holds a Busy Session
MEN AND WOMEN OF CHRISTIAN CHURCHES
ASSEMBLE FROM ALL OVER THE WORLD.
THE SAN "CALL, SATURDAY;' AUGUST 1^
BAND LEADER
KNOWS HORRORS
OF BLOODY WAR
5
'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0a
a Midsummer S
\u25a0. . \u25a0
j Clearance i
[ j Sale [
S -AT- g
H . \u25a0
sS.& G.Gump S
r co ..i
| 113 Geary Street J
| Now On 3
| Discount on s
f Everything |
g Pictures, Art Goods, g
| Crockery and i
b Glassware \u25a0
»\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
films frvee
developed! It LL
If you have me print them.
I f*^w Here are some
Iv- / /£\u25a0' «>' my prices for
\/,~./'jl printing:
£fjr£§/f and 3Hx3%. 6e»
s^S*S^^ • 5x7. 10c. :
'^zfUlr * l mak » * dl 3"
s^^pP^ count of 10 per'
'IjT^ cent on printing orders
ft of more than 6 prints
from each negative and ;
of not less than 6 negatives.' ;
Out-of-town patrons must
send stamps for postage. .
I carry Photo Supplies. In-
cluding the celebrated CTKO
DEVELOPING PAPER. Sam-
ple dozen sent prepaid for 15c.
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
l (F. W. PITTS, the Stationer,)
1008 Market St., Opp. Firth,
San Francisco.
f DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
1 BL€K>P < LIYER.HJNCS:
ICARTERSl CURE SICK B£ADACS£k
Wimiz Genuina Must Baar
H IVER Fac-Simila Signature
Spills. J^. —
OCEAN TR.4.YEL. "', . .
Steamers le»v« Plew » aa4
- v . s<ia yr*acl»coi • x
>fiv^ *° r KetcoUcaa, Wrinpl.
AaTTSV^K V*\ Ju°eau. Treadwsll, Hataes.
I VTL^KIk I I Skajway. etc.. Alaska— H a.
\ I \*tefi&/ I m -- Au S- 3 - 8. 13. X 3. 23. 28.
\«\. \\ rcf / B*s*- *• Ch*a«« to thl* com*
\ysfOl Pony's steamers at Seattle.
VSajSrtiW/ For Victoria. Vancour-r.
Port Townsend. Seattle. T»-
coma Evsrett. Aoacortes. South Belua^ltam.
Belllogham— ll a. m.. Aug. 3. 8, 13. W. 23. 23.
Eept. 2. Change »t Seattla to thin company's
steamers tor Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Smttl*
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouvsr to C.
- For "eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. ta.. Aug. 3. 9. 13. 21. 27. Sept. 2. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Aug. «. 12. 13 24. «5. Sept 5.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles aad
Redondo). San Diego aad Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cms. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos Port Harfoni (Saa
Lull Oblapo) Ventura and Hueaeme—
Coos Bay 9 a. m.. Aug. 2.- 10. 13. 28. Sept. 3.
- Boalta 9 a. m.. Aug. 6. 14. 22. 30. Sept,T.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. ?an Jos* del
Cabo. Maiatlan. Altata^ La Paa, SanU Rosa-
lia. Ouajrmas (Mex.>. 10 a. m.. 7th of «meH
month. •:
ALASKA EXCUKSION3. Season 1903 —^Th*
palatial excursion steamship SPOKANS win
leave Tacoma. Seattla and Victoria Jua» 22,
Xoly «. 20. August 8. IT.
For farther information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing date*.
TICKET OFFICES — 1 New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. . and \u25a0 Broadway
wharves. Freight Office. 10 Market «.*..;
C D. DUN ANN. General Passenger Aseat.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
AMERICAN LHE. .
Plymonth— Cherbovrc— Sovtaamptoa.
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LINE.
Nctt .York— London Direct.
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
NEW TORK— ROTTERDAM, via BOUXOCJNB
RED STAR LINE.
Antwerp DoTtr— London— Parta. j
WHITE STAR LINE. . -
Jierr "Fork— Qneenatown— Lrren»«©l.
Boston — Qneenstowa— l>lren>ooL -
To tbe Medttemnesji,
FROM NEW YORK.
CRETIC September 28," Nor. < Dee. •
REPITBIJC October 19. Norembar 38
- FROM BOSTON.
CANOPIC. .August B, September lft. October 2S
ROMANIC October T. November 13
C D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Paelflo Coast.
\u25a0 21 Post St.. San Francisco.
oceanies.s,c«w tsstg^st
S. 8. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Aug. 19. 11 A. M.
S. B. VENTURA.' for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Aug. '31.' 2 P. M.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 11. It A. M.
J.D.SFBECXELS&BEOS. Co.,iztl,TlClßt(fflC!s43Mir-
iBL* • -rmgit Offlcs 327 Harm St. Pier 7, Pacific sl
— r— ~~ r ~
Compaiml«» General* Tranaatlaatiqne.
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE— Parts, jjh^
Sailing every Thursday instead ot^*&M+
Saturday. 10*. a. from Pier 42,"^^^^
North River, foot of Morton st.
First clasa to Havre. $T0 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York! J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coait
» Agents 8 Montgomery avenue. Ban Francisco.
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND INTERVRBAN ROUTES.
MARE JSLAND NAVY YARD
VALLEJO and NAPA
Napa \/«all©y Route*
„• Montlcello S. S. Co. and Napa Valley Elec-
tric R". R. Co. Close connections.
: o ROUND* TRIPS DAILY—*
Boats leave San Francisco 7:00. »9:45 a. ra.,
1-^3O noon. 3:15, 6:00. 8:30 p. m. _
San Francieco landlnr and office. Pier 2.
foot Mission St.. one block south Market-«t.
Fernr -Meals ala carte. Phone Main 13C8.
'Linda Navy Yard direct. ~
For Vallejo and Mare Island Nary Yard.
Steamer H. J. CORCORAN leaves wharf
north end of Ferry Building, week days (except
Saturday). 11 •• nj.. 8:15 p. m. Saturdays. It
a. m. Sunday*. »:30 a. m.. 8:13 p. n>. Leaves
Vallejo. week days (except Saturdays) 7 :40 a.
m 6:30 p. m. Saturdays. 7^o- a.-m..« p. m.
Sundays. B:30 p.. m. MeaU a la carte. Pbon*
Wl BARNESON-HIBBERD CO.. maoAfvrs.
458 Montgomery ttrwt. \u25a0:,
\u25a0Sq \u25a0& *j li v.yi. w y '" c» * \u25a0 ; .... - • . . • . • \ /
IpS An 111 111 II • If^'^^-w '\u25a0^'P stamped back: the handsome design In deeply out, clear and bold. P3
SI i^ff4g3~J\ \\ l\ l\ 1111 l lr > " — m 717 1 The turnluK" nnd denlKn are as Rood as you'll find In any live-
Ta lit u\ \\\\ |\] 1111 l t\ Ailll L\ dollnr rocker. . £»|
Sb U CTV iß«f{t firm il \ l/lillnfl shaped iTood seats. . • Eu
1 W^fflri S 'i*i^ JAPANESE MATTINGS DINNER SETS $2.95 1
Ws KpW -""^"^^^BS^y Bright, new. mattings, direct persons. \u0084--. t a
Xl -C^ •f j from, Kobe, Japan. Most matting tTFli^T'Al^Tif*RKd 5*5 e§
I^^S^^^J) WE SELL WHAT WE ADVERTISE I
Jffl 1^ . m *-f =StS s&' Just as advertised and at the advertised prices. .\u25a0' *~ i^l
I \u25a0 t SA am i ,J^ ' A Bl * ftk nn. ' - "- e JI^ "\u25a0 I '\u25a0\u25a0•'"mi » *\u25a0 kbß mzSafSsmNEWLY APPOINTED PRESIDENT
OF THE SACRED HEART COL
LEGE, SAN FRANCISCO-
:•• OLD RESIDENT DIES.-^Oakland; Aug." 1 . 18.
Mrs. Elizabeth Harden, an 1 old resident of Oak
land, \u25a0 died; this t morning after ;an illness of
several - weeks \u25a0• at \u25a0\u25a0> a ? local «? sanitarium. -;< She
leaves a son, Frank B." Harden- • ..-,_\u25a0. : ; :
- TO HOLD TEACHERS', MEETlNGS.—Super
intendent Langdon ' yesterday , Issued a circular
to the: effect -that > teachers" > meetings » will * be
held on the afternoons of August 23, 24 and 25
in' the Lincoln School."";, All '-teachers with thd
execptlon '- of. those of graaes ;4 ; and \u25a0 5 are » di
rected ,to begin their drawing > lessons at once.'
Principals , are \u25a0: asked \u25a0« to , send - the \u25a0; number ; of
teachers In their schools to Miss Carpenter at
the Lincoln -School: X :. -v ":.- -
San Franciscan Drowned.
TACOMA, Wash.. Aug.' 18.— The bark
entine Aurora has arrived from Shang
hai, forty-one days in '\u25a0 passage. , When
twenty-four days out Charles Metzler
of San Francisco fell overboard ,' and
was drowned/ It 'ls said he 'was shang
haied from- Aberdeen, "••Wash., \u25a0 and
signed as a^' sailor on- the Aurora to
ret home * -
LANGLOIS ACCUSED, OF FORGERY.— J.
Lemaltre, , butcher, Union-square 1 Market; ob
tained ' a* warranty from : Police .Judge :: Fritz
yesterday- for the \u25a0 arrest: of Eugene -Lar.giols
on a : charge of forgery, v He ; alleges .that on
December 3 last^Langlols got: him :to-cash-r a
check on the Anglo-Callfornlan' Bank-: for $65
signed A. Barker. The signature of A.* Barker,
he alleges,. was i a forgery. Vf '' " • - <: .
MASSES ' FICTITIOUS CHECK.— L. • Munier.
cashier ;of the California Northwestern
Railway, obtained a warrant from Police Judge
Fritz yesterday for the arrest, ef James Barry,
a teamster, on a charge of passing a fictitious
check. The check was fox 525. drawn on the
Anglo-Californian Bank, and bore • the signa
ture "H." \u25a0 J. Kollsh." No one of thatnam*
had an account at \u25a0 the bank. - : *Munler cached
theicheck on August 15.
• BOWEN .WANTS TO : BE RELEASED.—
Application | was made j before Judge Cook yes
terday for 'a writ of habeas corpu.3 for> the
release of Chllllon'Bowen. held to answer ! for
the murder >of •:\u25a0 W. W. ; Stephenson ' at ' 1015*$
Larkin: street on ' August* 5. The • ground .\u25a0 al
leged is that the evidence was insufficient. As
it '- will take - nearly a week ; for the transcript
of ; the testimony * to \u25a0> be completed,' argument
on the application was continued for a week.
KEEPS HER DIAMOND RlNG.— Miss Julia
LSnton, 117 . Eddy street,! obtained): a -warrant
from Police \u25a0 Judge_Coruan.. yesterday, for" the
arrest of Edward . W. Blair, i real estate agent
In Stockton, •on a charge -of felony embezzle
ment.' - She alleges that.: Blair called upon her
on August - 14 and • he-, asked her for j .the . loan
of her diamond . ring, valued at ?200, ; He got
It, but' refuses to return it. ' • . .
CHICAGO, Aug. 18. — The stereotyp
ers* organization, which has been .af
filiated with the International Typo
graphical Union, to-day while In an
nual'session voted to stand by. the
Typographical Union and to j keep up
the special, assessment for the defense
fund which Is being collected. The
movement favoring withdrawal from
the Typographical Union was defeated
by a large majority.
WILL NOT WITHDRAW.
Fortieth ". Diatrlct Organization of Re*
publican League Pledges j Itself to
Support Clean Administration. *
i The • following .resolutions? 'were
adopted by the' Fortieth Assembly Dis
trict Club last, night::' : ; ~
Whereas^ The delegates of = th« Fortieth^ As
sembly District were elected on a well under
stood and* clearly defined anU-Kuef platform;
and- :\u25a0'.'.'-' ' '.. - ; " .'•\u25a0;. - V'-'-- '\u25a0: .-:. \u25a0\u25a0',", \u25a0;:—\u25a0;:
;! : Whereas,' False and ; scurrilous rumors, have
been spread that certain of -our; members \ have
been persuaded or , may ' be J persuaded to • turn
traitor, join * the ranks of the ' enemy .'and .be
tray i the Republicans : of : San , Francisco; there
fore be it ;;>\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0"\u25a0.:- , ,»\u25a0 '<\u25a0\u25a0•:\u25a0•: -\u25a0: '•-"•---.£ ,;,-?»,-\u25a0 S -%,"•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•
•. Resolved,'; That each '\u25a0 and \u25a0 every , member of
this delegation denounces these . Infamous : ru
mors and hereby pledges himself to stand with
a \u25a0 majority > of •• the • delegates ; elected ,:• by -; the
Ban Francisco Republican League from first to
last for the cause • of .' a ; clean : city,"' clean poll
tics i and' a clean administration. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0„\u25a0 - . \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
U. P.esolved.VThat the thanks \u25a0 of the ' Republican
delegation-, of .the. Fortieth^ Assembly • District >
be extended 'to .The Call; 5 " Chronicle I and Bulle
tin ; forj |heir, valuable and J efficient' aid ; In ' the
primary, campaign.*. .. . ' ;-;' ; .: :. '.V ..*;.' '
r^ Cold" cash may give warm comfort. _\u25a0
POLITICAL CLUB DENOUNCES
RUMORS AND VOTES THANKS
"The, baby "was greatly Improved yes
terday and lna few, days will undoubt
edly be fully. recovered.. . V
> Little James Cox, who swallowed
carbolic acid at the Infants* Shelter on
Thursday, is on a fair way to recovery.
Hospital Nurse Kathryn de Harp
porte, In whose charge the child was
.when the accident occurred, is greatly
distressed over the occurrence. She
I says that In the bottle containing the
acid which the little child took there
were only a few* drops, "\u25a0 not enough to
kill the child,' but; Just, enough .to burn
"his" mouth and lips. She says that she
was bathing a child .suffering from ex
ternal wounds n and used the acid In
this work. The' acid she was using h/
the bottle was almost exhausted, only a
few drops- belngleft.when: 1 she left It
on the . table to go to * another room to
get a' further supply; \u25a0 While she was
gone little James. Cox toddled over to
| the table and/ grabbing -up the bottle
drank the few drops therein.
LITTLE JAMES COX IS
OX ROAD TO RECOVERY
OAKLAND, Aug. '18.r— The prelimi
nary examination of George 1 Blaker, the
first of the boy bandits'; to 'appear in
court, v did ' not j proceed to-day, because
of the illness of. A. L. Frick," his attor
ney/ ; Judge Fflck is very, sick and is
under , the care of 'Dr. :; O.: D/Hamlln;
Blaker's case was put over, for a week.
BLAKER'S CASE GOES OVER.
A resolution that no union man shall
Join the militia was voted down. The
author alleged that capitalists can- use
the militia to further their own ends.
A resolution was offered, asking the
union to have a bill presented In the
United States Congress to pay a pen
sion of $12 a, week to wage earners
who have earned $1000 v a year con
tinuously for twenty-one years. It was
rejected. 'The anti-ticket scalping law
was condemned.
TORONTO, Ont, Aug. 18. — The Inter
national Typographical . Union at > its
session to-day voted to pay $250 a week
to aid the union printers in their
strike against the Philadelphia Inquir
er on the condition that the Phila
delphia union will subscribe a like
amount.
\u25a0 The communication has/ been ..^re
ferred to \u25a0 Charles J. Heggerty, attor
ney for 'the, Fair, estate. " . Mr. Heggerty
attributes it to . some "crank."
:' Gentlemen: I . have noticed your advertise
ment .In the papers for an Illegitimate «on
of ; the late Senator Fair. ; \u25a0 . If information Is
still desired, i I can place you In touch with
same. I remain, yours, - \u25a0. .
.- R; ACQUILLA,
. General Delivery, Pittsburg P. O.
.Several times sincethe death of the
late Senator James G. Fair there have
been rumors -of the, appearance of an
illegitimate son to contest for his share
of the large estate left by the deceased
capitalist. Yesterday a letter was re
ceived at the County Clerk's office from
a , correspondent in , Plttsburg, Pa.,
claiming that the writer can put the
office in • touch with information con
cerning: ah alleged : son.' It is dated
August 13 and reads as follows: _
Recorder of Wills Office, San Francl»co,
\u0084 Cal.i.V- '' - : j-> \u25a0- \u25a0*\u25a0"• '-\u25a0-.\u25a0
the "Ofilce of the Recorder of
Wlll»" 'on the Subject.
R. Acquilla Write*" From Plttsburg to
PRINTERS ARE LIBERAL.
CLAIMS TO HAVE KNOWLEDGE
OF HEIR TO FAIR ESTATE
Morris Mey erf eld Jr., manager of the
Orpheum circuit, returned to this city
yesterday after a seven months' tour of
the European co'untrles. ' Mr. Meyerfeld
was accompanied by Martin Beck, general
manager of the circuit, with headquarters
in Chicago, and the latter, gentleman will
spend several days In this city. . \u25a0\u25a0.}, .
When Mr Meyerfeld arrived. In -New
York he was met by Mr. Beck and sev
eral days later the two Inspected the new
Majestic Theater In Chicago. This play
house is known as the "million dollar
vaudeville house," and is located on
Monroe street, near State. In Salt Lake
City arrangements were made for the
construction" of a new and handsome
theater for the , circuit j and when this is
completed, seventeen .theaters will be
under the control of Meyerfelu' & Beck.
While in Europe Mr. Meyerfeld ar
ranged for several highclass nevelties that
Will soon be produced at the Orpheum in
this city. Among them are Arthur Prince,
the best ventriloquist o- the age, who does
his act In three languages,' while smoking
a cigar and chewing tobacco; the Colonial
Septette; Rossi's musical horse; the five
Harveys; . Breßina, French ' singer and
dancer; Miss Renz, daughter of therwell
known circus man, and 'Abdul Kader. and
his three wives, who were refused pas
sage on an Atlantic liner, but who suc
ceeded In landing in New York. '
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 13.—
The announcement of the marriage of
John P. Mitchell, Instructor in the de
partment of chemistry at Stanford Uni
versity, to Miss Helen. Waldo of Ja
maica Plains, Mass,, has been received
here. The wedding took place at. tho
home of the bride near Boston on Au
gust 9. The couple will arrive here be
fore the opening of college and will
settle in a. new home in Palo Alto.
Mitchell was a graduate of Stanford
in 1902 and a member of the Delta
Upslloh ' fraternity. He has "been ™In
Europe for the last. year, where h« has
been engaged in study.
STANFORD INSTRUCTOR
MARRIED IN THE EAST
Theatrical Man Searches
Foreign Countries for
Attractions.
The board will purchase a lot. .In
Visltaclon Valley Tract as a site for
the new four-room John W. Taylor
School on the recommendation of Ron
covieri and Boyle, who consider it pref
erable to the site offered in the Reis
Tract for the purpose.
The school directors yesterday visit
ed the Burnett ' School, 'where they
found two and three children at one
desk. A new. class .will be established
in the school and another in the Horace
Mann School. The - Pacific Heights,
Crocker, Agassis, Peabody, Everett,
Henry Durant, Bernaland Irving schools
had a large attendance, but the ac
commodations so far are sufficient. A
site was also obtained for the portable
school in connection with the Bernal
School.
Will Purchase Site for the New John
Taylor School In the Vial- .
tadon Valley District.
BOARD ORDERS .31 ORE NEW
CLASSROOMS ESTABLISHES
OAKLAND, Aug. 18. — Mrs. Kjerstlne
Jacobpon, who claims John Ampuero,
an engineer, aB her contract husband,
swore to a complaint to-day charging
him with. battery In that he forcibly
drove her off his premises on Clay
street, enforcing" his order by slapping
her face. Mrs. Jacobson has pursued
Ampuero for years. Her troubles have
been frequently aired in the courts on
both sides of the bay. Ampuero has
denied the woman's assertions. He
wedded In San Francisco two years
ago, but after the publicity given to
Mrs. Jacobson's story Mrs. Ampuero
sued for annulment of the marriage.
XEMESIS IS UNRELENTING^
MOERIS 3LEYEEFELI) JE,
! BACK FEOM EUEOPE
Treatment of tropical diseases was
the subject of the evening lecture by
Sir Patrick Manson before the students
and medical men at the Cooper College
last night. Instances were given of
cures for chronic dysentery, aenemia
and malaria by a close study of symp
toms and the use of . ordinary medical
knowledge. Abcess of* the liver was
taken up for special demonstration. Sir
Patrick told of the use of a needle for
making an incision and letting out of
the pus from the liver. to cure the fever
caused by this malady.
The morning address was on fevers,
recurrent and caused by abcess of the
liver. Many of the less prevalent trop
ical fevers were discussed and facts,
found by years of- work in India and
Africa, were touched on by the orator.
To-day will end the ten lectures that
have been .given, by Sir Patrick Man
son, England's greatest pathologist, in
accordance with the wishes of Dr. Lane,
founder of Cooler Medical .College,
by which a noted scientist Is secured
for these addresses each year. The last
of tho lectures will be held at 11 o'clock
this morning. ... "':';'\u25a0! v
Sir Patrick Maimon DUcusses Methods
of Eradicating; Dangers to Health
of Torrid Country Resident*.
TREATMENT OF TROPICAL
ILLS SUBJECT OF TALK
SOUTH SAX FRANCISCO, Augr. 18.—
Golden Eagle Grove No. 173 of. South
San Francisco, United Ancient Order
of Druids, has elected the following
officers for the ensuing term: Past
noble arch, J. J. Sullivan; noble arch,
Harry Edwards; vice arch, Leo Peffer
lee; secretary, J. J. Kelly; treasurer,
George Wallace; conductor, St. Clair
Bolton; Inner guard, A. Mcßrlerarty;
outside guard. J. O'Neal. \u25a0 .
• Golden Eagle Grove, which has re
cently been Instituted, has received a
visit from the drill team of the Old
Friends' Grove No. 139 of San-Fran
cisco and the officers and members of
Colma Grove. No. lift* The event .was
celebrated as a .fete. In which the, de
grees were conferred on several net*
members. The local grove la excep*
tionally prosperous and. is planning for
a big- event when it mov.es. In to its new
and handsome quarters in the Bank
building.
OAKLAND, Aug. 18. — John Lawler, a
marine engineer, was convicted to-day
In the Police Court of battery, slapping
Mrs. Isabelle Irwln's face being the of
fense. It all resulted from a neighbors'
Quarrel over a cow. The Lawler and
Irwin domiciles adjoin at Hudson street
and College avenue. Mrs. Irwin staked
out a cow to pasture In a lot near the
Lawler bouse. Mrs. Honorah Lawler,
John's mother, pulled up the stake, it
was charged. The women entangled
themselves in a feud that son John
took ua on his mother's side. He met
Mrs. Irwin and in a wordy, dispute lost
his temper, he admits, and slapped his
antagonist. Mrs. Irwin declared she
has been. badly battered. Lawler will
be sentenced next Wednesday.
FEUD OVER A COW.
SOUTH SAN FRAX CISCO .
. DRUIDS ZVAME OFFICERS
Another meeting of the special com
mittee appointed by. the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce to consider the
subject of reciprocity between Canada
and the United States in the matter of
exports and imports will be held. Sec
retary Burks of the Chamber of Com
merce has received a large number. of
copies of a pamphlet, that' was issued
by the Detroit. Mich., Chamber of Com
merce in advocacy of the proposed
reciprocity and these, In accordance
with instructions received from the spe
cial committee of the San Francisco
Chamber, were sent out yesterday to
business men concerned directly in the
lumber, coal, grain, , hardware and fish
Interests of the State for perusal.
'After a sufficient time has elapsed
for the reading of the. pamphlet the
business men. will be invited to assem
ble and express their ideas on Canadian
reciprocity to the committee.
Chamber of Commerce Sends Oat
Pamphlet* From Detroit for In- '
formation of Buslnens Men.
WILL TALK ABOUT CXSXD\XX
RECIPROCITY TO COMMITTEE
SAN MATEO. Aug. IS.— This city may
soon be the owner of a large- and cen
trally located park. Such an acquisi
tion has long been the earnest desire
of the public-spirited citizens of San
Mateo and the prospect of Its realiza
tion has aroused marked enthusiasm.
The owners of the Taylor tract have of
fered to sell a part of their holdings
and the Finance Committee of the
Board of Trustees has the proposition
under advisement. If the price Is rea
sonable it is' likely that the land will be
bought and transformed Into a public
park.
\u25a0^NATIVE SONS MAKING READY.—Ala
meda,. Aug. 18. — Halcyon Parlor, Native Sons
of the Golden West, is making preparations to
have fifty uniformed members participate in
the Admission Day celebration at Sacramento.'
A. D. Goldsworthy. F. _,W. Hally, B. G.
Elliott and C. yon Tagen," representing tfie
parlor; have secured headquarters , for • the : or
tanlzatlon at the Golden Eagle Hotel - In
acramento. President' William Hammond Jr
has. called a special meeting of the parlor
for next Tuesday night, when the uniforms
will be dintributed. c '
ISLE CITY'S SMALL DEATH RATE.—
Alameda, Aug. 18. — According to the annual
report of Health Officer Dr. L. W. Stidham
there were but 217 deaths here durinK ' the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1905. •* In an estl
mated population of 20,000 this represents a
mortality rate of 10.14 per 1000 inhabitants.
EAGLES' JlNKS.— Oakland. Aug. 18.—Oak
land Aerie of Eagles will phld its monthly jinks
on Monday evening next. Many new features
have been arranged by a committee composed
of W. B. Smith, W. J. Culligan and Samuel
Short. The Oakland Aerie will visit. the Ala
meda Aerie on Wednesday evening, August 30.
. MARRIAGE LICENSES.— OakIand, Aug. 18.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
by the County Clerk' to-day: Joseph A. West,
48, and Ella Martin, 31, both of • San Fran
cisco: Roy L. McCabe, 28, San Francisco, and
Edith GaekiU, 25, Oakland; John H. Hansen.
28/ San Francisco, and Cora B. Brown, 27,
Berkeley; Herman O. Albrecht, 30, and Kate
Peterson, 84. both of San Francisco..
WEST ENDERS AFTER WEEDS.—Ala
meda, Aug. 18. — War Is to be waged on weeds
and unsightly vegetable growths by the West
End Improvement Association along lines . now
being pursued by the Alameda Advancement
Association. -Owners of property will be re-J
quested to clean and Improve the appearancl
of • their realty by removing weeds, renovat
ing fences and beautifying their lawns and
gardens.
. GIRLS SENT HOME.— Oakland, Aug. 18.—
Genevieve Hampshire and Margaret Meade,
12 and 13 years of age, respectively, who" left
their homes In thlscity last Tuesday and went
to Banta Rosa, in company with Joseph Lerri
and Edward Webb, whose parents also \u25a0 reside
in Oakland, were brought home to-day. They
had been lured away by the prospect .' of be
coming actresses in vaudeville.
ASK FOR DIVORCES.— OakIand. Aug. 18.—
Albert Butchers wants a divorce . from Mara
Butchers for desertion; E. H. Clark has in
stituted divorce proceedings on the ' same
ground asalnst Carrie Clark; W. H. Catron
was granted an Interlocutory decree from Ab
ble. Catron for desertion. .
GROCERS NAME DELEGATES.— AIameda,
Aug. ia — Ludwlg Warnke, Halvor • Hauch
and U. S. Trolll have been chosen delegates
to represent the grocers of tins city at the
convention of the State Grocers' Association
to be held at Stockton next Monday and
Tuesday. . . . ... .
DR. WILLIAMS RETURNS. — Oakland, Aug.
18.-i; Dr. T. A. Williams, one - of the members
of the Oakland Boanl of Health, has returned
from ' his summer -vacation and la again at
tending to his duties. \u25a0 > !
. APPOINTED TO IDAHO COLLEGE.—Ala
meda, Aug. 18. — Beverly S. , Allen of this city
has been appointed professor of \ Latin and
Greek at the State University of Idaho, located
In Moscow. He will assume his duties on
September 18. - £ (
City Trustees Considering a
Site Offered for
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
Towns accosted Borgensen last night
shortly after midnight at Third and
Camellia streets in West Berkeley and
told him to throw up his hands. Bor
gensen ran and found refuge in J. Du
gan's store near by. Officer Lestrange
was in the vicinity and soon caught
Towns, who claimed he believed Bor
gensen was a suspicious character
whom it was his duty to arrest. Towns
carried a revolver and a "billy," but
had no badge of authority as a deputy
constable.
BERKELEY, Aug. 18. — E. L. Towns,
claiming to be a peace officer deputized
by Constable Cruse of Oakland, was
arrested last night in West Berkeley
by Deputy Marshal Lestrange, the lat
ter having been Informed that Towns
was a footpad, fresh from an attempt
to hold up Peter Borgensen. Towns
was taken to the county jail 'In Oak
land and charged with robbery. Mar
shal Vollmer said this afternoon that
Cruse admitted having deputized Towns
to get rid of him and had sent him out
to Berkeley..
DEPUTY- CONSTABLE ARRESTED.
SAN MxVTEO MAY SOON
HAVE A PUBLIC PARK
BERKELEY, Aug. 18. — Churchly
amity is one thing, but, according' to
the members of the First Presbyterian
Church of Berkeley, a bargain Is also a
bargain, and the canny folk ' of the
church, remembering the latter declar
ation, have refused to ratify the sale
of their church property to the Trinity
Methodist Episcopal Church congrega
tion of Berkeley on the terms recently
arranged by the trustees of both .con
gregations. ' .-...'
. The Presbyterian church .members
think that their property on Allston
way, .adjoining the university, is worth
at least $30,000. The Methodists had
proposed. to give $22,500 for the church
building and the lot on which it stands.
Unless the Methodist men can be
brought to see the desirability of add
ing about $7000 to their original offer
it is deemed unlikely that the bargain
between the church congregations will
be brought to a conclusion.
Rev. C. K. Jenness, pastor of the Meth
odist church, had assisted In bringing
the deal to the stage where its success
needed only the approval of the Presby
terian congregation, the trustees of the
latter body having looked with favor
on the $22,500 offer. Dr. Jenness with
his people had planned to erect a new
edifice for the Trinity Methodist Church
and had raised considerable money for
that purpose. When it was hinted to
them that the Presbyterian church was
on the market or could be purchased
the plan to build was abandoned tem
porarilyand negotiations were at once
begun for the purchase of the Presby
terian property.' .
.- A second conference will now be
held between representatives of 'both
congregations, when the changed con
ditions will be considered and a new
offer made by the Presbyterians in line
with; the temper of the meeting held
last Wednesday night . ' . .
.The will of the late Pierre Priet, pro
prietor of Marchand's restaurant, who
died on August 17, was filed yesterday
afternoon. Of an estate of $50,000, much
is devoted to the cause of charity both
here and In France. After bequeathing
property on O'Farrell street, near Powell,
to his wife, various sums are set aside in
trust tor relatives. -
To Melanie Chesnau and Melanie Saul
nier of Soulaire, France, Is bequeathed
1300 a year each, andafter the death of
his wife $10,000 will be placed In trust for
them with the Union Trust Company;
The sum of $5000 is to. be placed In trust
with the same company for the Muni
cipal Council of Soulaire et Bour, France,
to be devoted to the relief of destitute
men; women and children of that village.
To the following local charitable insti
tutions of San Francisco is bequeathed
$1000 each: French Ladies' Benevolent
Society, Hospital for Children and Train-
Ing- School for Nurses, Protestant Orphan
Asylum, Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum,
Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum. To hi 3
stepson, Edward Marchand, the testator
bequeaths $5000 in trust.' .
By the will of Elizabeth E. Smith, who
died on August 10, three daughters in
herit an estate exceeding $10,000 in value,
from which the following bequests will
be taken: $3000 to the vestry of St. Luke's
Episcopal Church, and $5000 to the Hos
pital for Children and Training School for
Nurses to found a bed to be. known as
the' Sidney M. Smith bed, in memory of
her deceased husband.
Members of Presbyterian So
ciety Demand More Money
for Their Church Property
Business men. representing the Board
of Trade of San Francisco, the San
Francisco Chamber of Commerce, the
Manufacturers' and Producers* Associa
tion of California and the Merchants'
Exchange, met yesterday at the rooms
of the Board of Trade of San Francisco
for the purpose of ascertaining the
sentiment of the business community
regarding the proposed removal ,of
postofflce station D from the water
front and the concentration of" the
postal business at the new postqfQce
at Seventh and Mission streets.
A .discussion that .was largely be
tween representatives of the wholesale
and shipping interests of the, city,
whose . places of business are prac
tically all east ot.Kearny : and_,Third
streets, developed opposition to remov
ing station D as liable to cause great
inconvenience to, the wholesale section
of the city. It was finally determined
to invite Commissioners representing
the Postal Department who are in the
city, to confer with the men of busi
ness, before they reach any final de
cision. , • / »*-':-V" v -
Decision I* Reached \u25a0 at ' Conference . to
Present Views to' Postal Com
missioners In. This City.
SEATTLE,- Ausr. 18. — In a letter to a
friend lv this city received yesterday
the wife of Charles D. Lane writes that
her husband, one of the best • known
mining men In California, and who as
president of the Wild Goose Mining
Company has done more than any one
man . toward the development of the
Nome region. Is totally blind.- Mrs.
Lane will bring her husband out on the
next trip of the Oregon. "
Institutions Remembered iin
Testaments of P. Priet and
Elizabeth E. Smith.
WHOLESALERS AND SHIPPERS
WISH TO RETAEV STATIOX D
DO NOT LIKE
TRUSTEES' TERMS
Well Known California Min
ing Man Goes Blind in ; •
the North.
OAKLAND, Aug. 18.— Held for ransom
by a band of Brazilian gypsies Is the fate
that has befallen Arthur C. Vargas, 10
years old, according to the story related
to-day by the missing bdy's mother, Mre.
Joseph Vargas of San Leandro. The dis
tressed parent declared to the police that
her son disappeared Sunday , simulta
neously, with the departure of a band of
gypsies that had been attending the
street fair at San Leandro last week.
Mrs. 1 Vargas has sent out through the
towns along the route which the wander
ing nomads took a description of the
missing boy, in the hope that he will be
traced. She has no definite clew upon
which to work, but has rested suspicion
on the swarthy wayfarers because her
boyrlhad spent much of his time about
the. camp du^ng their stay at San Lean
dro. ™
OAKLAND. Aug. 18. — "Prosperity
Hall," a four-act farce, written By Miss
Reglna Reilly, a sister of Dr. Paul
Reilly, a well-known physician of this
city, will \u25a0 be presented 'at the Idora
Park Theater on Tuesday evening, Au
gust 29, by the members of the Young
Ladies' Sodality of St. Mary's parish
for the benefit of the parish building
fund. The theater tickets will include
admission to the park.
Those who will take part in the farce
are: Miss May Doling, Miss Claire
Cushing, • Miss Alice Gregory, Mis 3
Veronica Gregory, Miss Ellen Dinneen,
Miss Helen Madden, Miss Mary Stewart,
Miss Isabelle McAvoy, Miss Josephine
Happ and Miss Louise Hart.
TWO WILLS BEQUEATH
THOUSANDS TO CHARITY
CHARLES D. LANE
f^ LOSES HIS SIGHT
Mother of Missing Youth
Thinks Son Is Being Held
| by Nomads.
Benefit to Be Given at Idora
Park for Building Fund of
St. Mary's Parish.
SAYS 'GYPSIES
STOLE HER BOY
31EMBERS OF SODALITY
TO APPEAR IN FARCE
SAN -RAFAEL. Aug. 18.— Frederick
Workmen, chauffeur for Henry E.
Bothin, the wellrknown San Francisco
capitalist, was arrested last night for
running at a speed of over one. mile in
fifteen minutes wh-e' approaching and
traversing a bridge. He was taken be
fore Justice Magee to-day. Workmen
pleaded , not guilty.- and the case was
set for . August 30. He was released
upon a deposit of cash bail.
: In the automobile besides Workmen
were Henry E. Bothin,- Frank S. John
son and a fourth party.
in ExcesM of That Allowed
by Law.
Accused of Grousing a Biidee at ' Speed
MICH PROPERTY DESTROYED ,
BY A TOR-VADO LX A'EBRASKA
WELLFLEET. Neb., Aug. IS.— A de
structive tornado passed north of this
place last night, destroying barns,
crops, stock and stacks of hay. At
the farm of Votaw brothers twenty-six
head of horses were crushed to death.
Next In the path was Mcßey-nolds*
ranch, where it killed fifty-six cattle
and crippled many more. So far as re
ported no lives were lost or serious in
juries inflicted.
AUDITOR TO PAY SALARIES.
OAKLAND, Aug. 18. — County Auditor
Bacon decided to pay the salaries of
township officers to-day, whose de
mands for salaries he has held up since
the first of the month on account of
the recent decision of the Appellate
Court In regard to the matter. He first
Intended to make them bring man
damus proceedings and compel them to
get a decision as to whether they are
entitled to salaries or fees;
CAUGHT IX THE ACT
OF RANSACKING ROO3I
Emanuel Hirschfeld Is Cap
tured, Though He Takes
to His Heels.
Emanuel Hirschfeld was caught in
the act of ransacking the room of Wil
liam Pedler at 423 Larkin street Thurs
day morning by Mrs. Elizabeth Pedler.
The woman made an effort to detain
the stranger until an officer arrived, but
after a struggle he succeeded in freeing
himself and fled to the street. Several
pursued him and he was finally cap
tured and taken to the Hall of Justice.
Mrs. Pedler was out shopping during
the morning: and when she returned
shortly after 11 o'clock she noticed a
etrangrer In her son's room. She found
Hirschfeld ransacking the apartment.
He gave a lame excuse for his presence
there, which convinced Mrs. Pedler that
he was a sneak thief. He tried to
leave, but she grappled with him and
called for the police. After a struggle
he freed himself and ran to the street.
She continued after him and George
Monahan, who works in Wreden's gro
cery next door, heard her screams and
joined in the pursuit.
Monahan captured the fleeing man
after running a block. Hirschfeld had
a knife in his hand, but Monahan suc
ceeded in overpowering him. Police
man E. Sullivan arrived on the scene
and placed Hirschfeld under arrest.
The prisoner had also a revolver and
a bunch of keys In his possession.
Several days ago the apartments of
another family who live In the same
bouse were robbed. In Pedler's room
there was. several hundred dollars'
•worth of Jewelry, but the intruder did
not have a chance to get it.
Hirschfeld Is about 20 years of age
and the police believe he is one of the
gang of youths that has been robbing
various houses In the neighborhood for
several months.
VaKTiint » Arreated In Ttald.
Twenty-one arrests were made by
Lieutenant Wright and four policemen
last night in a raid on a gambling den
at 108% Ellis street. The officers wore
citizens' clothes, and, after graining ad
mission to the place, easily captured
the Inmates. Sam Soloman. who owns
the house, was charged at the Central
station with keeping a gambling house.
OAKLAND. Aug. 18. — Arguments over
the attempt of Fabrlzio Nigro and his
sisters to bring a contest of the will of
their late uncle, Fabrlzio Nigro, were
heard to-day by Judge Waste. The
estate is valued at $500,000 and was left
to the widow and adopted daughter,
and it 1b claimed for them that these
conteetants have no right to bring such
a suit. The matter was taken under
advisement.
HEXRY BOTIU.VS CHAUFFEUR
. r i ARRESTED IX SAX RAFAEL
, BELMONT, ' Aug. . 18.— The funeral of
Walter Sanger, Pullman, son of the late
millionaire car. owner/ .who died on Tues
day, from injuries -received when he was
thrown from his buggy while driving on
the county, road toward his home on Sun
day, took, place., to-day - with simple and
solemn ceremony. A few " friends and
neighbors called to pay their last tribute
of respect/ the impressive death service
of the Episcopal church was read ' by the'
Rev^ N. B. W. Gallwey, rector of the
Episcopal. church of San Mateo, and the
funeral party made its way to the South-,
crn Pacific depot.
The special funeral car ,"Woodlawn"
was attached ;to the regular . train here
and at noon started on its. way to Cypress
Lawn CemeteryV "At the cemetery the
walks from the train to the Ivy-covered
chapel were carpeted. Led by the white
robed minister, the mourning party made
its way for the last service of prayer. At
the conclusion of the mournful rites the
casket was deposited In the 'receiving
vault to await further disposition.
While most of the friends of the fam
ily respected its wish to have the funeral
as private as , possible, the remarkable
profusion, of floral \u25a0 offerings testified to
the sympathy of hundreds. ,'
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 18^— Colonel Her
bert Choynski, the San Francisco attor
ney, and a party of friends- were thrown
from their auto and slightly injured on the
couttty road .between Fairfax and San An
selmo last night.' Colonel Choynski invited
several ! friends for a : moonlight ride in
his motor, and was explaining the beau
ties and comforts of autbmobiling when
his right front tire) exploded, causing the
machine to turn sharply to the right and
upset. The occupants were, thrown out
but were not seriously -hurt. .. The party
returned to Fairfax, 'where .they, were at
tended by 'a physician. -,;'\u25a0-.'.
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 13.— Th© an
; thoritlea have as yet not a single clew
, to the, identity or the whereabouts of th»
bandit who" yesterday held up the stags
on the Haifmoon Bay road. Sheriff Maus~
fleld and his armed posse and the detec
tives of the ,Well3-Fargo Company ara
still In the hills near the. scene of tha
daylight outrage, but their united ener
gies, have developed nothing toward a
capture.
The highwayman had a good start on
! his pursuers, and the conflicting descrip
| tions given by his victims have not aided
In simplifying the matter. To those whom
he robbed he was short and tall, light
and dark and garbed to suit the* fancies
of the men who sat la front of his threat
ening revolver.
Failure* has not discouraged the man
hunters, however, and the search in th«
; San Mateo hills will be kept up- for sev
eral days to come. Suspicious wayfarers
are being held up on the road and or
dered to give an account of themselves.
The criminal has had ample opportunity
to escape over the ridge toward the Haif
moon Bay country.' 4 -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OAKLAND, Aug. IS.— ln pursuance of
a plan to definitely settle the question
of the boundaries of Lake Merrkt with
out litigation which must of necessity be
long drawn out and very expensive to
the city. Mayor Frank K. Mott has called
a conference cf Use prcpe:ty owners along
the shores of the lake, to diccuss the best
method of finally settling the disputed
question without revert to law. All those
ewnirr property abutting qn the lake
have been requested to be present at the
conference, as it is desired by the Mayor
to learn Just what the condition cf the
boundary question is and to hear the
opinion of the interested parties.
Mayer Mott hopes to be able to bring
about an amicable settlement of the dif
ficulty regarding the true boundaries of
Lake Merritt without involving the city
in suits to quiet title. If he is successful
la his effort to bring about an agreement,
it is his purpose to take measures for the
improvement of the property of the city
along the shores of the lake, which will
be made the center of a system of pub
lic parks, which in time will extend
throughout the entire city.
The question of the boundaries of Lake
Merritt, which the Mayor has undertaken
to settle by means of a conference of the
property owners, does not in any way
involve the property south of Twelfth
street dam. In this case the only counter
claim to the property would be that of
the State and there is not the remotest
danger of that claim being pressed.
this plan for a conference of the owners
•< property along the shores of the lake
ie in accordance with the Mayor's wish
to bring practical business methods into
the administration of the affairs of the
municipality and to avoid whenever pos
sible tedious lawsuits at the expense of
the city.
. OAKLAND, Aug. 18.— Charging that she
has been inveigled into giving . away her
rights' in | property valued' at $100,000, Mrs.
Fannie Schoehf elder to-day brought an
action to have set aside an interlocutory
decree of divorce obtained against her by
John Sctibenfelder of West Berkeley.
She says she was "induced, for. $1000 to let
the divorce against her go; by default
and she now says that she was not in
her. right mind .when she. did it.
: Schoenf elder avers that his- wife was
addicted. to: drink to such an extent that
he was finally forced to ' get a \u25a0 divorce
from her. She says he took her to the
office of attorneys Allen < & Walsh and
there she signed an agreement that for
$1000 she would make no contest over the
granting of the decree. Now she finds
that her interest in the property of her
husband has gone and she wishes to get
back once more to the relation of hus
band and wife.
Bp«claJ Dispatch to Tie Call.
Special Dispatch to Tie Call.
OAKLAND, Aug. 18.— Brother Lewis,
who has be«n professor of mathematics
at St. Mary"s College in this city for
several years, has been selected as presi
dent of the Sacred Heart College in San
Francisco. He will leave Oakland at once
and take up his new work in San Fran
cisco. Brother Xenophon, who has been
president of the Sacred Heart College
ever sinca^he left Oakland to assume
that position some years ago, will become
superintendent of the Catholic Orphan
Asylum at San Rafael.
Xo successor has yet been chosen for
Brother Lewis at St. Mary's College, but
there have been several changes in the
faculty of this institution, made neces
sary by the large registration of new
students. Brother Paul, who has been
president of St. Mary's School, and
Brother. Aldrick, who has been superin
tendent of St. Joseph's Academy at
Berkeley, will both join the faculty of the
college for the coming year. St. Mary's
will open on Monday, September 4.
Effort Will Be Made to End
Difficulty Without Resort
to Expensive Lawsuits
Tire Explodes Wliile the San
Franciscan Was Describing
the Merits of the Sport
Wealth of Floral Offerings
Attests to the Sympathy
of Hundreds of Friends
Mrs. Schoejif elder Brings a
Suit to Set Aside Decree
Taking Interest From Her
Detectives at Work, but as
Yet Have Nothing to Give
Them Any Hope of Success
IDENTITY A MYSTERY
Brother Xenophon Is
to Control Or
phans' Home.
HUSBAND WORTH $100,000
SIMPLE CEREMONIES
NOT SERIOUSLY HURT
CONFERENCE IS CALLED
Mayor Frank K. Mott Wishes
to Settle Question as to
Boundaries of the Lake
Son of the Millionaire Car
; Builder/ Laid to Best in
a Vault at Cypress Lawn
Woman Says She Was In
duced to Allow Divor^
Go Against Her for $1000
Colonel Choynski and Party
of Friends Injured on the
County Road Near Fairfax
Xo Trace Found of the Man
Who Held Up the Stage
Near City of San Mateo
Brother Lewis of
Oakland Given
Presidency.
SEEKS TO END
LONG DISPUTE
CHARGES FRAUD
WAS PRACTICED
LAST TRIBUTE
TO PULLMAN
THROWN FROM
AN AUTOMOBILE
BOLD BANDIT
ELUDES POSSE
SELECTED AS HEAD
OF SACRED HEART
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST IU, 1905.
6
Pears'
is not only the best soap
for toilet and bath but also
for shaving. Pears was
the inventor of shaving-
stick soap.
ErtiblLshcd over im Rto. . . t
"Formonths I had (rrwat trouhiawHhmystomaea
•ad used »H kinds of medicines. }Aj tong-ae has
been actually *• green as rrwv my breath ha-rins
a bad odor. Two -week* \u25a0«•» a t r.eml reeocsmentlca
Ca3:areti and after asinc them I can willingly ami
cheerfully say that they havo entirely enr»«l dp. I
therefore l«t tou know that I shall peoonun^ad
them to any one suffering from such tronbles."
Chas. U. halpun, 109 Rivington St. . Now lotk, K.X>
a^l -A^w Th.6
' CANOV CATHARTIC
Pleasant. PaNtabl<». Potfmt.TaiitoGrxxl. Do Good.
HflTer Sicken, Weaken or Gripe. 10c. Ke. Me- N«rer
•old in bulk. Tba goonine tables KtampeU CCC.
Goaranteod to euro or year money back.
Sterling Remedy Co;, Chicago or N.Y. '598
ANNUAL SALE, TEN MiLUGH BOXES
v. n rr yVt CURE SICK HEADACHE.
CAREERS ,\u25a0- . .... \u25a01 a:
sipiTTiE Genuine Must Bear* v
giVERg iVER Fac-Simile Signatura
f? PILLS- -r^-~~ >
IIi»i»Iii1iBi iii fciniltTi iTiffMovement of Steamers.
Weather Report.
\ (120 th Mpridlzn — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. IS — 5 p. m.
The following ma- irr.um and minimum tem
penaurcs are rf ported for the previous day
trom Eastern cities:
Boston .70-s'i; Pittsburg 76-62
Chicago \u25a0 74-60. New Orleans ... .92-7S
Cincinnati ... HU-tiO New York .......74-62
Honolulu. H.T.. .82-74' St. Louis .. ..84-70
Jacksonville !)2-7" ; Washington ......72-54
Philadelphia 72-60'
SAN FRANCISCO .60-52
THE COAST RtXTORD.
3 \u25a0 ,i 3?5 <c * «
STATIONS. % »§^|*.i§ •?& S
: S S :\u25a0 : §
•.a a • •
Baker 30.06 80 48 NW Clear Too
Carson .......20.58 80 54 E Clear .00
Eureka 29.96 62 54 SW Clear, .00
Fresno 29.78 104 C 8 \V Clear .00
S.E.Farallon 29.9-t 57 51 S Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29.80 84 48 NW Clear .00
Independence .29. 50 106 CO SE . Clear .00
Los Angeles ..20.90 76 58 SW Clear .00
Mt.Tamalpals 29.94 B.J 74 W Clear .00
North Head ..30.12 00 sfi NW Clear .00
Phoenix .29. 0S 104 78 SW Clear .00
Pt. Reyes L't.29.91 6rt 49 S Foggy .00
Pocatello 30.02 80 48 SE Clear .00
Portland 30.00 84 X NW Clear .00
Red Bluff ...29.74 100 72 N Clear. .00
Roseburg 29.92 !)0 54 NW Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.80 96 66 S Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.00 80 56 N Clear .00
Ban Franclsco.29.94 «0 52 W Pt.Cldy .00
San L. 0b15p0.29.94 74 50 NW Clear .00
San Dtego ....29.88 70 62 W Clear .00
Seattle 30.14 72 56 W Clear T
Spokane 30.02 82 54 W Clear .00
Tatoosh 30.14 60 54 SW Cloudy .01
Wlnnemucca ..29.98 90 48 -NE Clear • .00
Yuma 29,76 102 84 S Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
• FORECAST.
A moderate disturbance of the Sonora typ«
Is developing' over Arizona and New Mexico.
On the Pacific slope the weather is generally
pleasant, with warm -weather in \u25a0 the : Interior
and f ok alone the coast.. \u25a0• - ..\u25a0
A thunderstorm Is reported at . El Paso.
Forecast- made at "San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. August 19:-
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday,
with fog . In the morning; light north wind,
changing to fresh "southwest. * ."""
I*os Angeles and vicinity — Fair Saturday,
with fog in the morning: light southwest wind.
Sacramento Valley — Fair Saturday; .light
south wind; continued warm in. north portion.
San Joaquln Valley — Fair Saturday: contin
ued warm; llsht north winds.
Coast— Cloudy Saturday; brisk west wind.
Nevada — Fair Saturday: continued warm. .
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.
120 th meridian time, San Francisco, Aug. 18:
W&\ il 111 if: c
. ' 3g;E3''S- :S 9 .}- .5-2 a
STATIONS. c>= *SS s -t'K PS" -5
33 S3S 3 2 ?.-.; :3: 3 :
% I § ; isf;
\u25a0 * ?*• 3 : ' ,;\u25a0 ;[ .. v
Cloverdalo 99 57 . . * Clear *.*...
Colusa 98 «7 .. Clear ....'..
Eureka (12 ,54 ..Clear S\V 6
Fresno 104 (18 ..Clear. W «
HaJirord .100 55-.. Clear ......
Holllster 84 45 .. Clear
Independence ,"... 06 C(J .. Clear • SE 10
King Cltyy... .. 87 50 •.. aear N. Lt.
Li vermore ....'. . 97 '50 .. Clear .... ..
Los Angeles 76 58 . . Clear SW 12
Merced 105 54 .. Clear .... ..
Napa .85 58 ... Clear S
Newcastle 101 75 .. Clear W
Newman .......105 62 .. Clear *.'.•'
Palermo ........104 02 .. aear N
Portervllle ......105 «3 .. Clear N'W *..
Red Bluff ......106 72 .. Clear N Lt.
Riverside ....... 90 51 .. Clear
Sacramento ..... 90 -06 .. Clear S 8
San Diego .70 02 .. Clear W 8
San Francl?co •. . «0 52 . . Pt.Cldy W •..- 22
R. L. 0b15p0.... 74 50 .. Clear NW Lt.
Santa Maria.... 7ft 5.V .. Clsar .... ..
Santa Rosa .... 84 51 .. Clear .... .'.
Stockton 90 07 ..Clear .... ..
SATURDAY, AUGUST 19.
" The wreck \u25a0\u25a0 and cargo \u25a0 of .. Nor stmr • Tricolor'
Was sold to-day i for $950 to A. W. Beadle. «
•>-' Per bark ;, Homeward • ' Bound — Sailed '-- from
Hull Apr 1 and was towed to Newcastle, Eng
land, to finish , loading." Sailed from there Apr
Memoranda.
. LONDON. \u25a0 Aug. 17.— Ger ship Henrlette.
from "Astoria, 'for Newchwang. ' was spoken on
August > 18, ;In i Jat 32 =N, long 125 -X, with
lose -. of fore ; and . main . topmasts \u25a0 and ' mlzzen
topßallant masts .wnMnMH' '
20- 'had head winds for 8 days down to the
Lizards. On Apr 30, in lat 47 N. long 10 W,
had heavy WSW \u25a0 gale - lasting rGO hours ; blew
away two lower topsails and foresail and sev
eial staysails, and carried away; the sling of
the fore- upper topsail yard; had the vessel
'under bare ;>oles tor "several -hours. Got NE
trades in 42 18 <N. ; carrying: them to lat .1 N;
crossed equator 34 days out in long 27 58 W.
Got;SE trades in 3 N and lost them in 23 S.
Had' SW and NW gales: to. Cape Horn. • June
20/ In lat 5(5 20 S." long 65 30 W. had strong
gale from WSW; blew; away two upper top
sails' and ! several staysails,* flooding the decks
to rails and \u25a0\u25a0 washinc - overboard everything
movable." " Had strong WSW to . NW winds to
lat 26 S; gotSE trades there. • carrying them
to lat 6 N; crossed equator July 22 in lonu
lIS 25 W. rGot NE trades In 6 50 N, carrying
them to 37 23 >*; thence to port variable winds
and foggy weather.' Aug 14, in: 37,23 N.: VM 30
W saw four-masted", ship 'with- stump top
gallant mast; ,Aug ?16 saw three-masted ehl»
Hteering ' for ' San Francisco. June \u25a0 28, in 5« 32
S \u25a083 03 tW, .' spoke -Fr , ship \u25a0 Madelaine, from
Iqulque. for Falmouth.
Three Indictments Retnrned Charcluse
C. J. Ilelander, F. Johnson and
John Deff With Felony.
Three indictments were presented
yesterday by the United States Grand
Jury. The first was against Carl Johan
Helander, who is charged with having
forged the indorsement of Carl A. Bodln
on a. draft for JB9 33 wages, payable
to Bodin's order. The draft was is
sued by Henry Thomas Mayo, United
States Lighthouse Inspector, and was
presented, for. payment to . Cashier
Thomas P. Burns at the United Statesj
sub-treasury by -Helandcr. Bodln al
leged that while he "was la a drunken
sleep In company with Helander "the
draft was stolen from him. The next
indictment charges Frederick Johnson
with having passed a raised silver cer
tificate upon John Konetzer in this
city last July. The third charges John
Deff , (alias Duff, alias Duffy) \ with
counterfeiting 50-cent pieces In Santa
Rosa.
John W. Hutchinson, last of the famous
band of singing abolitionists, is recover
ing from a serious illness at hla home la
Lynn. I Mass. ?*--'•.\u25a0'\u25a0
' BURGU.VRS VISIT A RESIDENCE.— Mrs.
James H. Earnest, : KM) Noe -street, reported
to the police yesterday-; that her residence had
been entered on Thursday afternoon during her
absence by, means of a false key. Every room
had been ransacked, but $1 50 and a gold pin
valued at $5 were the only things missing. The
silver had been taken from the pockets of her
husbands- trousers, _ which were hanging in a
closet. \u25a0\u25a0> • . ' , . •
KEDER.IL 'JURY PIIESEXTS
. CHARGES AGAKVST FORGEUIS
' "Downtown property" In San . Fran
cisco has* a wide significance nowa
days—— '•
. .Some ellt-edse Investments for Toa
to consider .advertised lv Sunday's
CALL. *\u25a0 *. v: . * \u25a0-. .-\u25a0 ' *rV5*" rr V > > :*-; >*
Clovcrdale— Excellent weather for prune dry-
Ing. ..- .- ... ; •',' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 , ' ...\u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0 .
. Hanford— Grain and Iray crops good; grape
raisers preparing* to .harvest. . ; -
.Holllster — Apples, and pears . have not been
Injured much by. cod lln moth. \u25a0 \u25a0;
King City — Farmers storing grain. '
Newcastle— Few Salway peaches; muscat
grapes arriving.
Llvormore — Table .. grapes better than wine
grapes.
Napa — Corn and potatoes looking fine; acre
age small. \u25a0' , \u25a0 V / •.\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0-..-'
Palermo — Orchardlsts along" the . river about
through drying Susquehanna peaches. • :
Santa Maria — Continuous cool weather favor
able for ; white beans; too damp . for colored
Stockton— First "shipment of White Heath
peaches arrived at local cannery.
A. G. McADIE; Section . Director. -
.•"' OCEAN STEAMERS.
HA VBE— Arrived Auk IS— Stmr La Gas
cottne. from New York..:
Arrived ' Aue 17— Stmr Hudson, from New
MOVILLE — Arrived Aug 18— Stmr Bavarian,
from Montreal and Quebec, for Liverpool, and
- '""mOVILLE— SaiIed Aug IS— Stmr Victorlnia,
from Li verrjool." for Montreal.
; Sailed Aug 18 — Stmr .Victorlnia, forLlver-
P °PALERMO- Sailed Auk IS— Stmr Calabria,
from Nanles. etc., . for New York. ,
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug lS^-Stmr Lu
cania, from New York, \u25a0•* for : Liverpool, and
proceeded. \u25a0 • r ' -\' ! :
.. PLYMOUTH— Arrived Aug 18— Stmr Bremen,
from New York, ; for Cherbourg and Bremen,
and "proceeded . \u25a0
NEW YORK — Arrived Aug IS— Stmr Cltta.
di Napoll, \u25a0 from : Genoa. Naples and Palermo;
stmr I a Sa vol. from Havre : stmr Algeria,
from Naples- and Palermo:, stmr Campania,
from* Liverpool, and Queenstown. ..:;;• \u0084
: Sailed ! Auk IS— Stmr Certrlc, I for Queenstown,
Liverpool. Bordeaux and Havre.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug IS— Stmr Re
public, from Boston. „- ' *
\u25a0Arrived;. Aue ; IS— Stmr Cevic. " \u25a0; from - New
York: >stmr?Sylvaniß,' from> Boston. \u25a0
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed *• Aug 18— Stmr Celtic,
for New York, ; via Queenstown.* ,
- LONDON— Arrived: Aug : 18— Stmr . Sarmata
rlan : from Montreal and Quebec, ; via'- Havre.
- GLASGOW— SaiIed Aus 17— Stmr Parlslana.
for New York."- \u25a0' '
\u25a0i - DOVER— Sailed Aug 18--Stmr Hamburg, for
New York, via Boulogne. * - .*\u25a0\u25a0'- ..\u25a0,-•*. '
> HAMBURG— Arrived Aug . 18 — Stmr t Patri
cia,, from New York,* via Dover. \u25a0 : \u25a0 -
LEGHORN — Arrived Aug IS— Stmr . Italia;
from New York,* via Marseilles, for Naples. *
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
VICTORIA. B. C, Aug. IS.^-J. Sim
mons, the son of a prominent attorney
of Seattle, was this morning sentenced
to five years in the penitentiary "by
Magistrate Hall. The charge was for
gery. The prisoner was arrested yes
terday by Detectives Sergeant Palmer
and Detective McDonald. . . .
As he was being taken to the polica
station he made a sudden attempt upon
his life. To deceive the officers he be
gan to trim his finger nails with the
utmost nonchalance, Incidentally ask
ing what he would get for his crime.
Then, like a flash, he whipped the knlla
to his throat and made a slash In ttla
direction of his jugular vein. The knifo
caught the edge of his collar and in
flicted a superficial wound. Before he
could accomplish his, purpose the.de
tectives grabbed him.
Simmons came to this city four days
ago and registered at the Driard and
passed numerous bogus checks around
town. He had victimized people in Spo
kane, Seattle, Vancouver, Everett and
Belllngbam and has also served terms
of Imprisonment at Folsom anJ Walla
Walla. He lays the blame on liquor, an
indulgence In which renders him .In
sane and liable to do anything. * Ha
claims to have been a newspaper^ re
porter and part owner of a magazine.
Snn, Moon and Tide..
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Ixiw Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco-
Bay. Published by official authority of me
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front < Mission-street wharf) about S3
minutes .later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
Burn ham's Flylnc Leas.
A can who gave his name to the harbor po
lice as A. A. Burnham of Loa Angeles Jumped
from the second story of 5 Sl&rket street yes
terday morning to the surprise and alarm of
the procession of westbound commuters that
was marching from the ferry depot to desk
and counter. Burnham did not hurt himself.
Be explained to the police that five . negroes
juid seven yellow monkeys had been annoying
him and that he Jumped out of the window to
get rid of his undesirable companions. "I
hay* no prejudice against negroes, but I never
could stand yellow monkeys," he explained.
He was removed to the detention ward of the
Central Emergency Hospital to await examina
tion by the Lunacy Commission.
"Wreck of Tricolor Is Sold.
The wreck and cargo of the stranded Nor
wegian steamer Tricolor were sold yesterday
by auction on the Merchants' Exchange. A.
\V. Beadle was the purchaser. He paid JsT.o
for the vessel and £ICS for the cargo.
The Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Lafayette. 00 per
cent; Port Stanley, 8 per cent, and Lalla
Itookh. 20 per. cent.
NEWS OP TIIE OCEA>\
Blatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping- Merchant*.
Th« British chip County of Inverness • will
load wheat et Tacoma for Europe on owner*
account.
The British eteamer Cornerfc In chartered
for lumber from Portland to Taltu (lump sum).
Sun rises • 5:27
Sun gets C :K"
Moon rises 0 :25 p. m
D ITlmel ITlme! ITimel ITlme
£ I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft I ! Ft. I Ft.
» |H W| |L W| |H W) • |L W
10 J 1:56! 4.41 7:46' 1.31 2:39 4.9 8:35 2 2
20 1 2:42] 4.01 S:22| 1.81.3:08 4.0 9:20 2.0
21 3:30| 3.8 »:Ooi -2.1 :;:iu 4.a io:H i.j.
22 4:40 3.0 0:45 2.5 4:17 4.9 11:17 1.5
23 6:02 3.6 10:4:ij 2.7 5:00 5.0 ..........
L W H AVI L. W H W
24 0:16 1.2 7:231 3.7)11:46 2.9 5:54 5.1
25 1:12 0.8 8:27( 4.0(12:52 2.0 6:19 5.2
20 2:02 0.4 O:1S| 4.2] 1:50 2.8 7:47 5.4
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as. to' time; the
fourth time, column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are. but three tides.' as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— >
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth . given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. .
'lime Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
. chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.,
• Friday, August 18.
The Time Ball on the. tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
1 c. at noon of the- 120 th meridian, or at* 8
p\ m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING . INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. August 18.
- Br strar -Wellington, - Cutler, -88 hours - from
Ladysmith.
A Cargo for Cllpperton Island.
The eteamer Homer was cleared yesterday for
Cllpperton Island with an assorted merchan
dise cargo valued at $15,441 and Including the
following:
2G36 gal* wine, 65 crts potatoes. 30 crts
onions. 107 boxes paste. 273 cs canned goods,
t> cs lime Juice. 245 lbs dried fruit. 000 Ib*
sugar, 78 pkgc groceries and provisions, 1500
lbs coffee, 700 lbs rice, 300 lbs 9 cs butter, 2400
lbs beans, 600 lbs codfish, 64 cs mil Is tuffs, 674
Jba lard. 430 lbs ham and bacon. 140 bdls
shingles, 3 bxe soap, 3 bxs candles, 119.126 ft
lumber. 250 rails. 13 pkgs chemicals. 7 pkgs
machinery. 40 pkgi nails and epikes, 5000 bricks,
43 pkgs paints and oils. 870 gals gasoline, 4 cs
powder. 10 cs coal oil. 12 bdls oars, 6 bxa
drugs, 6 tins matches, 3 bdls brooms, 65,000
ehakes, 2 boats, 6 cs dry goods, 13 cs shoes. 338
fks coal. 2000 lbs cement. 2 bbls tar. 2 cs hats,
18 colls rope. 106 pkgs mlllwork. 8 bales bags.
KO pcs SI bdls iron, IMI 3 bars eteel. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
J. Simmons of Seattle Gets
Five Years in Victoria
for Forgery.
,The" 'awarding of contracts for all the
work will be formally announced on Sep
tember 1. .. '. \u25a0. \u25a0 \u25a0 .
J. Ross Clark, vice president of the Salt
Lake road, arrived here yesterday from
the north for the purpose of taking part
in the conference now going on between
the representatives, of -his road and the
Santa " Fe relative to an interchange of
trackage privileges In Southern Califor
nia. He stated yesterday that the mat
ter was , progressing very satisfactorily
and It is expected that tne new road will
be properly recognized by the Santa Fe
Company.'. . \u25a0 \u25a0
C. E. Loss, a well-known railroad con
tractor and his associate, Antonelll, leave
to-day in an automobile over the I coast
route of the proposed Ocean Shore Rail
road, which they will carefully inspect
as far as Santa Cruz, with a view of
bidding for the construction wor*c. It
was : stated yesterday that the company
will award contracts for this work on
September 1. i
Advices received here yesterday from
New York are to the effect that out of
flfty-six bids opened for the construction
of the eleven divisions of the Western
Pacific Cornpanyls road, between here and
Salt Lake City, the executive committee
of the company discarded forty-six. Of
those retained, two local contracting*
\u25a0firms are reported to be the lowest bid
ders on the construction work along the
lirst section, between Oakland and Liver
more.
SON OF ATTORNEY . I
MOST GO TO PRISON 1
Only Ten Firms Have a
Chance to Build the
Road.
?Co better eailcnnan than Captain Thom;>
son of the big bark Homeward Bound evet
trod the deck of a windjammer. He brought
bis ve»sel Into port Thursday evening, 119
days Trom Newcastle. England, the banner
trip of the year. The Homeward Bound was
formerly the German* chip Otto Gildemelster,
which made the slowest voyage on record and
once upon a time came into this port ions
after she had been posted as missing. Since
Thompson has had her. however, she has been.
setting the pace for the clipper ships of lha
world. Thompson does not believe In taking
in sail. He sees to It that his xpars are sound
and carries plenty of epare canvas. And he
always needs it. Several times durine the
voyage Just ended the wind made ribbons of
the Homeward "Bound's canvas. On April 30
In a southwester that lasted thirty hours, the
bark was stripped to bare poles and on June
2O more sa!!» were blown away. The Home
ward Bound came from Newcastle, England,
in 119 days. Just how speedy this Is can b«
Judged from the fact that the French ship
Jjeon Bureau left Newcastle 2CKJ days ago for
this port, ha* not yet arrived and her non
arrival Is as yet causing no anxiety. The
British ship Bardowie left the same port, also
for San Francieco. IS3 days ago and is not
exp«Krtcd tor some time yet. And if you go
en board the Homeward Bound and ccc Cap
tain Thompson, knowing only that Thompson
is his name. It is more than likely you will
csk the tail, cllm youth. "Is your father on
board?" And Captain Thompson won't care if
you do.
Leavct Trail of Torn Canvas.
WESTEB-N -PACIFIC
REJECTS MANY BIDS
The subscriber, having supervised the singla
number, class "H." Honduras National Com
pany, hereby certifies that the above are Uia
numbers which were this day drawn from th^
100.0 CO placed in th« wheel with the prem
iums corresponding to them.
Witness my hand this Saturday. August 12.
1005.
. (Signed) W. L. CABELL. Commissioner.
999 numbers ending with 99. being 1 the twa
last figures of the capital of $45.000— 512.
900 numbers ending with 35. beins the two
last figures ot the capital of $12.000— 512.
100 numbers from 3t>&49 to 36749 Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the capital of
545.C00— f60.
ICO numbers from 50€S5 to 50755 Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the capital of
*12.C«0— 53(1.
IPO numbers from 334.16 to 3C5."6 Inclusive,
being o>i numbers en each side of the capital of
*60C0— 524.
TERMINALS.
A PPROXIM ATIONS.
Alameda Sails Tu-Dsy.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Ala
meda -Rill sail at 11 o'clock this morning for
Honolulu. Among her passengers will be th«
folloTfißi:
W. D. Alexander, Mis* C. Cameron. Mis*
L. Cameron, Miss C. E. Church, Miss Clarke,
Mrs V. S. Cobb F. D. Creedon. Mm. J. P.
Curt*. Miss A. W. Deas, Miss M. de Carro,
Ed. Dckum. I S. Dillingham, Miss J. de La
tigue. E. M. F.lam, E. J. Gay. Miss Rose
Kemmineway, Mrs. L. J. F. Jaegar. Mrs. T.
K. James. Mis* Johnson, W. King. Miss Mar
garet Loom it. Mis* L. Lucas, Mrs. J. T. Mc-
CroEson, Miss A. McCroeson. E. D. Marshall,
Ira Morton. J. A. Palmer. C. L. Fetters, Mrs.
Pt-tter-s. Brother Peter, Miss M. Potter. Wil
liam Ray, Charles Rice. Brother Robert, Mrs.
L. K. Simpson. Mrs. Gentry Sheldon, Mrs. W.
Pt-yton Smith. Mrs. A. E. Sondag and two
children. Mrs. C. Torbert. Miss Suzanne Tra
cy, Brother William Miss Alice Ward. JJleb
Edith Ward. Mn. J. W. Wrenn and three
children.
BELLINGHAM— SaiIed Aug 17— Schr A. M.
Baxter, for San Francieco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Aug 17— Schr R. C.
Slade, for Grays Harbor.
Arrived Aug 18 — Stmr Beei from Port Los
Angeles; strnrs Shasta and Samoa, hence
Ay. 10. •
lACOMA— Sailed Aug 17— Stmr Nevadan,
for Seattle. |;
TACOMA— Sailed Aujr IS — Br stmr Yang
tzse, for Yokbhama, etc.
Arrived Auz 18 — Bktn Aurora, from Port
Townsend.
COOKS INLET— Sailed July 29— Ship Llew
ellyn J. Morse, for San Francisco.
MONTEREY — Arrived Aug 17— Schr Monte
rey, from Portland, in , tow tug Dauntless,
and sailed Aug IS for San Francisco, in tow
tug Dauntless.
KVERETT— Arrived Aug 18— Schr George E.
Billings, from Winslow.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Aug 18— Bktn
Skagit, from San Diego.
BANDON— Arrived Aug 18— Stmr Elizabeth,
hence Auk 11.
TATOOSH— Pa63ed out Aug 18 — Stmr Grace
Dollar, trom Everett, lor San Francisco.
Passed out Aug IS — Schr A. M. Baxter, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 18— Stmr Pasadena,'
hence Aug 16; etmr Sequoia, hence Aug 16;
stmr F. A. Kllburn, from Astoria, via Coos
Bay.
Sailed Aug 18— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cUco.
Sailed Aug IS— Stmrs F. A. Kllburn and
City of Topeka, for San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Aug IS— Stmr
State of California,- hence Aug 17; Etmr. Bo
nita, from San Pedro.
Balled Aug IS — Stmr State of California, for
San Diego; stmr Bonlta, for San, Francisco. .
SEATTLE — Sailed Aug IS — Stmr Valencia,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 18 — Stmrs Bertha and Portland,
from Valdez.
SEATTLE — Arrived Aug 18 — Stmr Portland,
from Valdez.
Sailed Aug IS — Stmr Jeanie, for San Fran
cls*co;. stmr Humboldt, tor Skagway.
PORT BLAKKLEY— SaiIed Aug IS— Fr bark
Turgot, lor Noumea.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Aug 18— Ger
ship Nesaia.-lor South Africa.
GRAYS HARBOR- Arrived Aug,l8 — Schr Se
home, trom Redundo; bktn .John C Meyers,
from San I'ctiro: achr Lettitla, from Golofnln
Bay; sunr San f ; Pedro,! hence Aug 14; Btmr
Centralia, hence Aus>J4."
Hailed Aug 18— Brig Lurllne, for San Fran
cisco. '
•A ESTPORT— SaiIed Aug 18— Stmr West
port, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed in Aug 18— Stmr Olym
pia. from Seattle, lor Nome. ' \u25a0 ' .
ABERDEEN— Arrived Aus IS— Stmr Cen
tralia, hence Aug 14; bktn John C. Meyers,
from San Pedro: schr Lettitla, from Golofnin
Bay.
PORT HARFORD— SaiIed Aug 18 — Stmr
Santa Cruz, for* San Pedro. .
MUKILTEO — Arrived Aug 17— Stmr Harold
Dollar, from. Seattle.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Aug 18 — Stmr Robert Dol
lar, for San Pedro.
Arrived Aug 18 — Ship St. Nicholas, from
Nushagak. ./ \u25a0 •• ", \u25a0''\u25a0;\u25a0" v
Sailed Aug 18— Stmr Francis H. Leggett,
with raft in tow. for San Francisco. *\u25a0 -.\u25a0:. . \u25a0
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Aug 18— Stmr
Bee. for San Francisco. \u25a0-.'.-- \u25a0 . :
FORT BRAGG— Sailed: Aug 18— Stmr James
S. Hlgglns, for. San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— SaiIed Aug 17— Bark Andrew
Welch, 'for San Francisco. ,
. EASTERN PORTS. -''\ ',
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Aug 17 — Br" stmr
Mohican, from : Guayaquil. -r.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE,; AusT— Sailed Aug 17— Ship St."
FTancls, for Honolulu. . ' -. .
Sailed Aug 17— Ship , St. Francis, for Eteele,
via Honolulu.' ; \u25a0':\u25a0.-\u25a0\u25a0•.. - .
SYDNEY— Arrived . prior Au« 18— Br bark
Adderley. f rom > Chemainus. \u25a0;
SHANGHAI — Arrived prior Aug 18-^-Br stmr
Indrasamha, from \u25a0 New -York. . "" .. \u25a0 \u25a0;\u25a0
Arrived Aue \u25a0 18^-Bktn ; Makaweli, from \u25a0 Port
Towrnsend. ••• '-' . • *\u25a0•..'•"- •
HONGKONG— SaiIed Aug 18 — Stmr Manchu
rla.for San Francisco. * . \u25a0 .-:••'• * •
GUAYMAS— SaiIed y Aug 10— Schr Alert, ' for
Grays Harbor.
- -VICTORIA— SaiIed Auk- 18— Br itmr • Man
uka, for Sydney. -.. ;\u25a0//'\u25a0-• *,;* \u25a0.\u25a0*.*' ; •
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Aug. IS, 10 p. m.— Weather
thick; wind S\V; velocity 6 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
I Per Btmr Jennie, from Cooks Inlet, Aug 18 —
Aug 16, 255 milee NW of Cape Mendocino.
passed ship Llewellyn J. Morse, from Cooks
Inlet, for San Francisco.
SPOKEN.
Friday, August IS., j
Br etmr Dumbarton, Pattie, Ladysmith.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson. San . l'edro.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Queen, Cousins, Victoria, etc.
Stmr Corona, Glolow, Eureka. , . vA.-i'
Stmr Chlco, Norberg, Union Landing.
Stmr Meteor, McFarlane, Seattle. "
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Monterey.
Stmr Del Norte, Payne, Crescent City.
Siinr National Ci<r. Hammar. Ban Pedro.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Brooklyn, Carlson, Mendocino.'
Stmr Alcazar, Winkel, Greenwood.
Bktn Retriever, Sloane, Port Hadlock. *
Schr Berwick, Jacobson, Rogue River. :
Schr Newark, Johnson, Stewarts Point.
SAILED.
Friday, August 18.
Stmr Oueen, Cousins, Victoria and Puget
Sound porti.; P CSS Co. -
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; P
C S S Co.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, Eureka; P C S S Co.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, Clippcrton Island;
Barncson, Hlbbard & Co. • _ .
CLEARED.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 86 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Jennie. Easer, 9% day* from Cooks
Inlet.
Stmr Vanguard, McLellan, 23 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20-hours from Monterey.
\u25a0 Stmr National City, Hammar, 16 hours from
Cleone, bound to San Pedro, called in to land
passengers. \u25a0>
Stmr Gualala, Kalr.ln, 32 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Wasp, Wehman, 37 hours from Port
Los Angeles, via Alcatraz Landing.
Stmr Maggie, Whitney, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Point Arena, Reed, 22 hours from
Shelter Cove.
Stmr Argo, Crimm. 28 hours from Eel River.
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean. 21 days 16
hours from Ancon and way-Dort».
Bark St. Katherine, Saunders, 25 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Monterey, Nielsen, 11 hours from Mon
terey, In tow tug Dauntless.
BARK HOMEWARD BOUND,
WHICH MADES A FAST VOYAGE
FROM NEWCASTLE. ENGLAND.
Steamer. From. Due.
Hawaiian New York via S. Diego Aug. Vi
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 19
Bonlta Newport & "Way Ports. Auk. 18
F. Kllburn Portland & Way Ports. Aug. 19
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports |Aug. 19
CltyTopeka.. Humboldt I Aug. 18
Aberdeen Grays Harbor |Aug. 2(J
Chehalis Grays Harbor I Auk. 20
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor Aug. 20
Arctic Humboldt !Aug. 20
, Sea Foam.... Mendocino & Pt. ArenaiAug. 20
Valencia Seattle jAug. 20
G. D011ar. . . . Seattle (Aug. 21
Roanoke Los Angeles Ports ...|Aug. 21
Elizabeth Coquille River Aug. 21
Peru New York via Ancon.. Aug. 21
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 21
Vwntura Sydney & Way Ports Aug. 21
Norwood San Pedro Aug. 21
Coronado Grays Harbor Aug. 22
Santa Monica. Grays Harbor ........ I Auk. 22
Ammon Seattle |Aug. 22
Corona Humboldt Aug. 22
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma .... Aug. 22
St. Paul Portland & Astoria Aug. 22
Redondo Portland & Astoria .... Aug. 22
China China and Japan ....Aug. 23
Argo Eel River Porte Aug. 23
San Pedro. . . . Grays Harbor Aug. 23
Rainier Seattle & Bellingham. Aug. 23*
Coos Bay Pan Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. 23
Nevadan Seattle Aug. 23
F. Leggett. . . Portland and Astoria . Aug. 24
Breakwater... Coos Bay Aug. 24
M. F. Plant... Coos Bay & Port Oxford Aug. 24
Porno Point Arena & Albion. Aug. 24
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & Way Porte Aug. 24
Centralia Grays Harbor Aug. 24
North Fork. .. Humboldt Aug. 24
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Aug. 24
Nauplia Hamburg & %Vay Porta|Aug. 25
Newport New York via Ancon.. lAug. 25
Newburg..... Grays Harbor lAug. 20
Columbia PortUnd & Astoria ..JAug. 27
S. Barbara... Seattle |Aug. 28
Nebraskan Honolulu and Kahului . I Aug. 2S
Curacao Mexican Ports I Aug. 28
Queen Puget Sound Ports . ..|Aug. 29
TO SAIL.
Steamer. - Destination. 1 Sails. I Pier.
Ausrast 10. 1
Breakwater. Coos Bay 8 pm Pier 8
C. Nelson... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
J. Hicgir.s. Log Angeles Porte 1 pm Pier 2
.Vanguard..* Humboldt 5 pmlPler 27
Northland.. Astoria & Portland 5 pmlPler 27
Argo I Eel River Ports... 3 pm Pier 2
Porno 'Pt. Arena & Albion 0 pm Pier 2
M. F. Plant. Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 11
Aurella Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 27
Alameda Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Chehalis Loa Angelas Ports 10 am Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa. San Diego & Way 9 am|Pier 11
*. *\u25a0-«.. ;\u25a0"\u25a0 Aturnst 21. I
Roanoke Portland and Way 2 pm Pier 5
Eureka Humboldt 12 mlPier 5
City Topeka Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
F. Kilburn.. Portland & Way..' 2 pm'Pler 27
Norwood Grays Harbor . ...| 3 pmjPler 2
All-grunt 'J'2. i |
Coronado... Los Angeles PortsjlO amPler 10
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Portsj 1 pm|Pler 2
Elizabeth... Coquille River ... 6 pm Pier 20
Bonlta Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Aug-tlftt 23.
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Sea Foam.. . Point Arena .. 4 pm Pier 2
CltyPuebla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
San Pedro.. Los Angeles Ports 1 pmjPier 2
Aiicunt 24. |
Corona Humboldt l:3op|Pler 9
State of Cal. Pan Diego & Way. 9 ami Pier 11
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 1 pm|Pier 2
1 AiISTUMt "i."i. !
St. Paul Astoria &. Portland. 11 amlPler 24
G. Dollar- •• Grays Harbor 4 pmjPier 10
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma.. r» pm Pier Ztt
Redondo.... Astoria & Portland 2 pm Pier 7
Rainier Seattle & Bel'ham 4 pm Pier 10
Mongolia... China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Ammon Hamburg & W a y.|l2 m Pier 19
City Sydney N. Y. via Ancon.. ]l2 m Pier 40
Nevadan.... Hono. & Kahului. i 3 pmlPler 23
AuiriiNt 27. I
N. Fork Humboldt I 9 amPler 20
Alienist 2S. —
; Umatllla... Puget Sound Portsill am|Pler 9
FROM SEATTLE. |
Steamer. Destination. Sails.
Portland...... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 19
Victoria Nome & St. Michael.. Aug. 19
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 20
Olympia Nome & St. Michael.. Aug. 21
Santa. Clara. . . Valdez & Seward .... Aug. 22
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 24
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way PtsjAug. 25
Edith Nome direct Sept. 1
Excelsior Sewajd & Way Ports. Sept. 1
Senator Norn* direct Sept. 2
Ohio Nome & St. Michael. . Sept. 3
The Pacific Mail Company's Panama
liner City o f Sydney. Captain W. H. Mc-
Lean, arrived yesterday from the isthmus
•with seventy passengers and 596 tons of
cargo. She brought treasure valued at
J130.553. Clean as her decks was the Syd
ney's bill of health, and the Federal sur
geons gave her quick dispatch through
quarantine.
She encountered hot weather along the
coast, and at San Jose de Guatemala
\u25a0was delayed for five days on account of
a tropical storm, in which several light
ers wera lost. The one exciting feature
of the voyage was a battle at Panama
between Chief Officer Leo Quayle and a
mutinous Mexican sailor. The man at
tacked Quayle with a knife and stabbed
him In the breast and hand during the
encounter, which ended with Quayle scor
ing two knockdowns and a knockout. The
trouble started over some trivial matter.
The sailors sulked and became insolent.
Then he started to run amuck, where
upon Quayle appeared on the scene and
decided to put the man in irons. He was
about to do so when the man slashed at
him with a knife. The slit in Quayle'a
blouse marks the spot where the blade
entered. Quayle grabbed for the knife,
but the sailor drew the sharp blade
through the mate's fingers, cutting them
to the bone. With his warm Manx blood
dripping freely Quayle rose to the occa
sion and there followed a real sailor fight.
The Mexican gave no more trouble ex
cept to the ship's surgeon, under whose
care he was until the Sydney reached
Acapulco. where the Mexican sevet-ed his
connection with the Harriman shipping
Interests.
George W. Dickinson, United States
Consul at Acapulco, and A. A. Winslow,
United States Consul at Guatemala City,
\u25a0were passengers on the liner. They are
away from their posts on vacations. G. F.
Moreno, who has been acting agent for
the Pacific Mall Company at Acapulco,
returned on the Sydney, accompanied by
his wife and son.
Among the passengers were the follow-
Ivan Wallaeh. Hugh Glenn Jr., L. E. I>id
*«ray, F. W. Kerr. L. O. Waterhouse. Miss H.
P. "McDonald J. E. Cahill. P. D. Jones, A. T.
Echerzer Miss Tereta Scherzer. P. Llubere.
D. B. Hcdrsdon. L. Andrlno. F. A. Higby,
Mr» M. E. James. D. S. Combs, Mrs. M.
Fheets, A. A. Winslow H. Diekmeyer, Juan
H. Ramirez Jose A. Rarairvz. G. F. Moreno.
Mrs. G. F. Moreno. Master Chester Moreno,
G. W. Dickinson. J. A. Pinacho. P. Echesu
rtn Bias Ruiz. A. Canobbio E. P. Notrebe
Mrs. E P. Notrebe L. Loubet, A. Loubet. J.
B Dennis. B. Herrerias. Mrs. S. E. de Her
rerias Master M. Herrerias. Master G. Her
r-rias.' Master J. Herrerias. Miss C. Herrerias.
Miss B. Hfrreriae. Miss R- Chacon. Miss P.
Marufo Mies M. Fietes. Mrs. C E. de Her
rt-ria? Mits Carmen Herrerias. E. Herrer'as.
<\ Herreriau. Miss P. Melendrez, Miss A. Sal
cana.
The plaintiffs in the proposed suit
claim ; that in August of last year
O'Brien and Riebel advanced $75 to
Montgomery to prospect in the Bullfrog
district, with the understanding that a
partnership between the men in ' any
thing that Montgomery should dis
cover would last until September 9,
when Montgomery and O'Brien, who
had accompanied him on the prospect
ing trip, returned to Goldfleld. It is
charged that Montgomery located six
claims in the Bullfrog district in the
names of his partners, but when he
took up the ledge known as the Sho
shone mine he filed upon it in his" own
name and that of Edwards. It is fur
ther alleged that the incorporation of
the Montgomery-Shoshone Mining Com
pany was part of a plan of Montgom
ery's to prevent his former partners
from getting a share of the property.
: In view of the richness of the mine
and the fact that negotiations for its
sale are now In progress, the O'Brlen-
Finnegan suit is expected to raise seri
ous complications that will keep the
contending parties busy in the courts
of Nevada for years to come. Yester
day it was common report about the
Palace Hotel that two other men, one
now in this city and other a prominent
man. of Los Angeles, are also ready to
prove that they, staked Montgomery
at. the time he started out on the pros
pecting tour that ended in the dis
covery of the Shoshone ledge.
Who staked "Bob" . Montgomery in
his mining operations -In Nevada? has
suddenly become .an -interesting ques
tfcmi'among the large number, of Tono
puh.and Goldfleld mining men now
gathered at the Paiace Hotel in this
city, >but it will probably be . left to a
court of competent jurisdiction in Ne
vada to. fully determine the question.
When > the- outside- world began to hear
of ; the , famous Montgomery-Shoshone
mine at Bullfrog, New, now regarded
as. one of ; the richest properties' m the
West, it was generally, understood that
E.'. A. Montgomery, : who * has been
prominently iduntiiied .; with its man
agement, got his tirst "staked to prop
erly locateand prospect the- mine from
T. E. Edwards, , -who owns a large in
terest in it and has helped with a
generous hand many, of the early pros
pectors in Nevada, where he is largely
interested in mining properties.
Montgomery has never openly denied
that Edwards made it possible for him
to successfully operate the Mont
gomery-Shoshone and the story of Ed
wards' generous help to Montgomery
would probably have become a tradi
tion of - the" Western Nevada mining
camps, butsf or the fact that another
claimant to a share of whatever credit
is due* for aiding Montgomery, when
he was an ordinary \u25a0 prospector, have
suddenly come forward and are pre
paring to tie up the-mine with litiga
tion. P. E. O'Brien and JU S. Fin
negan, well known In' the* Tonopah dis
trict, are preparing an injunction suit
against Montgomery to prevent him
trom disposing of the Montgomery-
Shoshone mine on the ground thatjthey
are entitled to a three-fourths interest
in the property. They will also sue for
accounting. In their suit the plaintiffs
join with Montgomery as co-defend
ants T. E. Edwards and O. F. Riebel.
Bark Homeward Bound
Sheds Canvas, Making Rec
ord Run From Old World
O'Brien and Fiimegan Say
Tliey Staked the Owner
oii His Prospecting Tour
OLD PARTNERS AT WAR
Montgomery-Shoshone Prop
erty in Bullfrog to Be
an Object of Litigation
BANKER TRIP OF YEAR
Mutinous Sailor on Steam
ship City of Sydney Stabs
Chief Officer L. Quayle
Sinsle Number, Class H, Puerto Cortex.
Honduras, \u25a0 C. A., Saturday,
A us. 12, 1005.
No. Premium. No. Premium. jNo. Premium.
190 24 367:.... 361 515 24
92y »{ 952...... 36[ 974 24
10U>..... 30| 1124. 24| 1123 38
1310. 801 1575 3U 1583 . 3«
1593 120; 1730.";... 60! 179J 2-i
154.U..... 12l>i 1929 " 36| 194U 24
.1978 £4 1 io;:> 241 2U86 24
6«; 2294..... 2412334 6O
2344 3612355 12u 2373..... 12u
25«1 7 241 2GII. 24| 2621..... : ' 3»
"8-t4 3tf| 2756 241 3181 3«:
3211 2«| 35;{2...i. 60 3537 30
3T33..... 241 4:»j» 30; 4250 180
4402. Bo| 4404. 24| 4400 24
4504 24 4514 12l»i 4575 24
4749..... 3«l 4921...;. t24 52C6 3«
5257 »50! 5459 36 55«1 3tt
5626 36 5687 24 602S 24
6131 36! \u25a0
6148 36! 6411 24! 649** 24
6509 36(6546..... 361 6562...*.. ':. 24
6958 60 7082..... 601 72""9 24
7299 24 7308. 3e 7309 24
7316 24 7403 «0 74*9 -V 24
7548 24 7558 24 .7577..... \u25a0 24
7601 24 7617 120 7645 -2-1
7707 • 24| 7712 60 7715.;... SC»
7741 24 1 7SSB 24j 5*045 60
8056 36 1 8120 24! Sts2 36
5154 24 8235 120 S-IC6 24
.H4SS 120 8455. 36 K527 180
8528 24| S"><-« 60 S6SS «6
8732 3«| 8548..... 1201 89C5 2»
.894*? 60! 8959 24! IMK3 120
9403 24 9510 241 06156 .16
9637..... 24 005S 60| 974S 30
9794 36 9831 6C| 9574 12«»
9r»55..... 2« 10039 36 lCot*2 "«i
1C233 24i10401 36| 10588 2»
ICCI6 24|1C724 24110898 21
11951 * 1201 10971. 24i11134 60
11IS4 60U1244 . 24|
11251 2411 1280 H"0;U294 24
11345 36 11363 24111614 24
11097 .It; 11727 21-11901 24
120.10 24112169 24Jr.!200 24
1221* 2t112222 24112231 36
125G!» 3tijl2f~«2 3t>il2«ro 6'>
12^v.>0...*.. 24!12tK3": «0!1294<! 24
1.1214 24(13304.-..".. 180i13.m 180
1343t 36113490 24)13555 2i
1"557 3C1357.1 24t13«?03 60
i;j(^!s enfiMsa 24.M65S 30
1371& 120(13861 «01i;t954 30.
14155 24 14154 24|14t»'{; 24
14704 24 14503 3f.!14550 18l>
14K71 24115020 24|13CtW 3D
1.-126 12f 151«!5 24115334 24
I"M7 00 : l.*wJ"S 24.U5777 60
1i"792..... 120i1501S 24|15050 12I>
MUIO 24i1tn40 l*iO|t«lW 24
1fi?R4..... 24 1633 M 2411G432 3S
16473 24 1K727..... 3CU0)50 120
UMVA 24 17072 24J17115 24
17121 36 17156 .•10117254 3G
17427 36i17»"<:0 24!t7703 120
17743 60117757 24!
17776 36llSt;C-5 120| 18003 24
1X215 3G115254 24 18255 3«
15267 36|15250..... 36| 18332 60
15414..... 24115512 24J1SS11 36
IK.SK2 24J15074 36J19145 24
15,152 2111M56 24|19206 36
IKII 24)10294 36t
10350 120(10401 24'1956S 120
10452 3H119342 24i1»875 3H
10927 Co| 19942 36 20007 24
20116 24(20308 24J20422 24
20501 24 20645 36j20«51 24
2<X!f>2 C012C926 120t20934 24
21034 24 21046..... C 0121067 24
21241 24 21593 60O!2170l 24
21543 6C 218S" 600121895 60
210.14 2421988 . 36122113 12t>
22149 24122160 36|2215S 60
22219 60 22258 6C|22.'IAH 24
22756 120 22017 24 2292S 120
2»273 fiO 1 23:i5'? 24123372 24
2T1405 60J23165 60j2'*78 24
2?79S 36 2:1815 24123851 24
2400tt 24!24025; 24i240«!6 36
24099..... 60124257 24124611 24
24701 24!24743 24124794 120
24705 24 i 24830 60^24939 120
25104 3C!2512(!.:... 36123232 36
25255 12025.:e0 24J25431 36
25535 36125555..... .>'!2:-782 24
25702 2412684*5 C 0125819 21
2CS.-VI 24i25960 24j28121..... 36
2C454 24126538.. .V. 24 26589..... 38
2C694 24126730 36|2t»3S 36
20988 . 24 26994 24,27080 24
27C95 36 27258 60 272)0 24
27385 24 27473 24:27646 60
27710 6027802 6C|27540 60
27901 24 25132 SC«M3B 120
2M50 24 28451 C 0125454 60
2J-589 ... 24 2559T 24 2S7CO 24
28715..... 60J25785:.... 36 28J182 24
29135 . 36i29.165» 24 12983-9 «0 :
3002'< 60iaC^)28..... 24j.'5CMJ5l 24
30275 60|3C«71 120 30721 24
SKO2 36131050..... 24131C93 60
312.15 36 31303 2431312 36
31317 120!.m20 36|31399 «0
3147« W 31865 ' 24.31948 24
V«»fl3 °4 32540..... 24|0250t 24
32570".:; 36 3287:5 120 32697 120
r£w ' 24!12847 3Rf3292S 3*i
32947 M;;!" 24133023 3b!33058 24
"jo'C 1 ,! . 24 33319 .••\u25a0 60!33341 36
S34S»" 36 3.-1300 36 .13604 24
317^ 2413.1854 1500JMS78 180
i4i:rj:: 800L14201 »=o?ss 2?
34382 . 120!34.19« 3G1.°.4405 24
3JHm 24134007 24!:;4614 24
oi^S , 3(51:j47&2 211.14710 24
\u25a0jK::::: wssoio:.::: 263^22 6 3^2 St
15077 W.33C9-1 24.15198 24
fi0i.15T.49 24.15378 38
•t-.KX't "41.15018 60 3j661 --»
o^ 3KSS.SS7 120.15969 60
MOW.*."." 3G.W«O 2413K09« 6O
3«6?S ... 24M0701 t0;»»X' 1M
\u25a0:«772 1fi01368-4.1 2 i ; "^« Hi
..-ii? T>0'17143 38C17263 24
??i ::::: i S::::: »1 ff
111 'S3::::: 1«1: 1
|p; ::: - 3S::::: \u25a0;S*3£:::: ig
I| Si HI i
<"^S «440»--«7 36.40445..... 36
I^2 .UU07C5..... WH40799 24
II B| lii i
T'roJ"'" 1"C 41174 30 4.1196 60
i| fpl ill;;;:: I
iS:::: 0644;^:.... 3^4701 120
1:-;,, «4 447-K) 2U4WW 60
$$g 24U5112.::.. 150145125 60
4MW:-:-I-:I .10!4.-.221 3.!i4r.275 24
4W.5 36f4532S a20'45'V42 <.'4
4">54H . 36145653 6C;15J22
4WCI'." 244«.i0l l'-'P!4OHI9 36
40MG ..I 244«M38 24!4G71C... '
4C74™ 24 4(3)10 24140919 ISO
4roeT.:::. 2*147100 v.
47189 ... (50J47.151..... «o?4*.ltS> 24
47.177 «:0 -173 M 36|47471 24
Jigi./ . -JK47<rt4..... 3ei47CS>o 38
47807"! . .16147950 24U5072 ::6
481.16 .... - 24(48221... \. 24[452ri2 24
48450 1201454R0 1K0145573 24
4SRI2. 60148641 18048876^ -4
489-15 .... 24 4KWS 120 49017.\... 60
40113 1 .. 24 4925S 60 41«92 36
4JI i.i. 40545. . ... 60 4P54? 24
1;>7io::::; «Hw»J seUwM 120
499.11 ... 24150215 3C 50427 24
Tkill 245065-5 241C0550 24
50725***.*.. 1201507.15 1200C|50SOS S6
508^" 2e\k*m..l:. 2415122S 24
31335*-.""**' 60151450 24J51466..... 3»i
51479 ... fiOrsiSW 601.M762 120
517C7.":.. 24151831 24|515-15 24
51911 !:.. :«:!52i)«9 241.-52.127 ea
s°-195 . 120152-W3....." C0152C35 24
82C59" "4!.-.2SOt .1C.ja.10n0..... 24
V(iS4 * r.r!V.2XI 2415n«4 24
53561.***.V- MT'.-WWO 24|53752 120
WSO ! 2415.1821 fiOiWQBU.....' 24
54->49'" .. 24154420..... 180 54423 120
515"W . -*!fi154643 36|54<M'>5..... 24
-,4744' "" . 12085170..... 3615-T503 " 24
C 5555:..'.. 245500!» C 0155991 21
r»ia)701!... fiOIrrfJCJC.T.. 24[56117 36
5(!14b! 311515157 241
50212.:... ' Wl'iCW..... 3«'56251..... 60
r«4f51. .... 24T>W5.5. . . . . 36156727 24
50737 ... : 2*!3«778 24156814. .... 6O
5«577..... 24';,".7ii--.1..... 00'370n0 ' 24
.-)7166..... »K>!."721 ...... .10!.>72£!> «!>
37309. .VJ'. Z4!"327 24157.1C7. .... ; «>
57471 .... 120.1*7708 3«V.\soM - r 24
.-^?32..... 2*ir>-«2n4;.--;.'. 12055324 24
55573. T.".; 24!"^»3« f10:58R54 '24
58fi"1".... WVsS<Wn.'...'. - 24'5R738.. ... 24
M 74"? .. SBJJW7BI . .V. . 241587(54..... 24
-..0A42 6iVr.SK.Vi: 241.188A4: 38
5«950 ISf'SSfIOS .} .18.1 9001..... 24
59i>t1..... 601.'.90fi5 \u25a0 3«'.-W:"!82 3d
t".0112.....' fiO'SO233:;*..', 3«-"**fi2. . i . . «(>
r^'Sl 24;*9"90 36!.-U>-Tn7..... fiO
.19072 ;'.. fio|R9S4n..;.. fio ! .*nn26 24
wnos..*... 3ft'«v>7n.* 2Vmu\ 3«
«ni.*v4 ..-.. 2-s 'R'.iS^. ..'.\u25a0. fWranra 24
<V>41»..... 24!W««4..... 56!*W739..;.. 120
fi075«. .. .. «O'Rn<«2a 24'R0S7R 3(|
WKV44 "... 24!«tn0T4..... 3rt'«1.1f«..... 24
fi1303..... 120R1.TW 3R1R14.M 120
«Lts7 fiftlr.irw 3R1P.15.1fi..... 24
Bl.Wft.-. 2»'«ir»S2 2*"?1«fiO Rfl
R1712. 30:«174fi 2*'filD.*>3 24
«i0«v*...... Rn!'tr>n73..... .Wfi2i".*2ft «so
C 0023 ; 3«'6?11X.'. .. . 24i(K > 3«7... «5O
« o * n '»...:. 60!<r>.*U1 . . . . . 3«»'R255»..... 12>>
«?052..... .I»ti««<>97 24!r.29M..... 3«
2-*'«-110n -. ?4'rt3285...... 24
Kl""!t.". .*.'. «v»;«a«. - *i.. .;. \u25a0 l?o'ffurfn..... 74
n-wno.i... 2*! ( vs»>f>. .". .. 3«:*5«24 i%n
«i c n4 .':. . . . s<?'«'ww-. ..... . jiiitniM, , . . . »<•
fU1"f1..... *£4'iWl7.*! ' *"*!'MS'»4. \u25a0.*... 24
<U533.'...'. 120'«4r»42. .... 24'«4«7R ~.R
04705.. ...• ' l2ft'<USl l . . . . . 1201«4»49..... 21
65259. :.\u25a0..•: 12rt'«W34« «0!«V45rt..... 24
R-M71..... 2"H"Wft4... .. 3«!«5RX7 3R
RT.725...;. 3R'«57RT».. ... . 24t65792 24
€5867.....' CC165008 3665940..... 38,
CLAIM A SHARE
OF RICH MINE
ATTACKS MATE
WITH A KNIFE
No. ..' Premium. )Nb. Premfum. |X». Premium.
63!)86 - 24MJ3013..... 36168040...'.. 38
66293..... 36|fi6308..... S*:>Wr7Sl...;. ISO
6«.N>l 3«i««JS39 24i«7004 Zl'
67036 ' 24 J67073... ». 36167105.. ... ' 3«
67411 24197308 3«'»>7643 34"
67708 24J67077 tt> «W035 8000
68C81 120i«5250 24168357 24
65374 2-J C 8530 24|«83:iS 38
CS7OO 34|tJ5749 60|«H>81 24
W123. :...-\u25a0 lSU J bDl34 co! 69190 24
t»272..... - 3t>«ft315..... 24;«1353..... 24
CMOS 3«|e9612 36i(»738 '38
Wtie.V... " 24i«>7."*3 361AU827 60
«»04 24'COtKW 60i70(K)« 24
70115..'.;. 36|7CU2 '6u|7C296 '38
70308..... .24170M50 e0|70544 120
W582 -*3»>J7GtiBs 24!70833..... 38
7C3W 24|7CJ00 "£1:71091 120
71177 36*71202 86,713:» »4
71331..... 36,71372 120*71457 Zk
71474 36 71605 30|7164-» 60
71WU 60J71900 60;720CS 24
721C8 24)72174 24J72234 , 38
72"J39 ' «072358 60|72439..... 3»
72159 2-172526 24172627 38
72f«7 12C|72efi2 3r.|72<tti9. .... 61)
72715 fc0i72780 38|72520 24
72001 24173123 80173193 S*
7:KMO 3ft[ 73290 120|73472 24
7347S S6|7'<6oo 2 1 1 73731 39
73567 60|7."5919 60C173984 36
74f»2f> «0i 74057..... 24|74U»1. .... eO
74212 24'74«37 6C174747 24
74RR1 24!74!)t:? 361730C5. ..•• ' 38
75062 3fij7s2t>7 WJ 75324 60
;MM ti0(7.>»77 36,75552 24
75»;M «o;73tt>4 24 75691 24
737<»7 60173571 3*-*;739:J7 : 2»
75059 24176037 38176080 24
Tfisos \u25a0• 24'7K250..... 2*.765C9 24
7K582 . 150*7H412 60 76542 «0
7»»!~ l ... 64176720 K0|7*5747 24
7C7.V5 36!7i-7« "ftM 77387 21
77391 24177554 60<77ft"?7 «0
77«N «O<77«W KOiTWM 12f>
77015 3«i77050 36177954 38
77057 24;7S > .'97 1475.T57 24
7*444 .... 3«R»20 36178348 21
75670 . 24 7*774 36;75759.:... 12t>
70021 "*I. 2I7KTCS 247Jttt2 :24
79T47 ... 5f.7»44H 2479493 -*
7SVIS« RR 1 7352S 24 79H43 , . A
-96f" 24119733 38179829 *>»
70*85"".I". 24|70ni4!!... 60(78985 .-3G
79-JS7 .. 24180058 60180101 -21
sons! \u25a0 6051202 roicus ..»
SOGI3 36150536 12O;S054O «0
ROS4R 24*0570 24 SG79»» 21
SOS3S *O.«CB.HH 24 SCM«» -»
81112 60JSU6O 60151323.'....** »«
SW79 m -SI4S2 M'«4O3 «0
817C6 120J51743 60i»1861 •><*
51H72.. .. 2tStS7l> 24191931 .'..•• .24
52020."."... 3rt'S22SS 24182M3 21
82:181 WVS23JC 24182627.. i.. w>
5::077 3615.-JO4.S SK *5262 24
I 8325;; 3fi'5"5."07..... 3«i53327...... - -2»
! 5.17P.1 245.5710. .... KFSSZSI 12*>
! 83515 245.T5U6 24 53573. . ... «0
»(22SS 24 82343 24';'<i':7» «0
52381 .... «> 523.55 24*2627 6'>
85077 36i530H4 26,8;?262 2t
K52S:t 36183307 36t.«M+l 2k
W527 24!«:;7C3 2» a*7ll> «<>
S.-.722 12C-WSIB 24iS3»tfl 24
5.1873 60!53859 24 s:S)OH. . . . . 24
54176 60:54231 3615M07
«49>» H0^320 2J18A871 24
S4fKs!> 24!540«^» 1201 54U35 .'.... l«
S.VPOS 24:95103 3G;55147..... ' 24
i .^ku;: 3« 50.t74 w «i4t;t> 120
fC3«H 88155551 60155741 38
{t^SlO 241>*«05t ' 3t; 5»,f.C5..... '2*
RGUB 120 S»«2l> *"X!«77ne.. ... 24
g7SSS ISOJS7O2:I 24 87t)2i> . . . . . 24
58072 24158287 2458290 2*
88291 36t5»37». . . . . 120)88362 M>
SH6O7 24isS«6l> 24^8816. .... »«
fJVXH 38,.'<592S 12<>>C»i.x,'; 38
JOl6O 24J39230 21,5U257..... «O
80295 60iHj».:47 24(80383...^ 36
K9»529 60159760 24i«0954 KO
900«0 249C077 tio!lH.'l2O .24
90147 2490375 24'9CCi)S 38
i 90554 24i90«47 :!«,!if;RS« 24
I 90908 I 2ti91027 24191139.. .„ :i«
191240 3U1913U8 24 91.156 30
9154,7 3t;!915ti4 120!9t7t!5 24
91710 24191756 2i!!U535...... .':{«
91M4 .*M>|92<icn 2*'O22SS 24
92272 60 92277 60923-« -38
' 92TKJ6 «0 92374 «o'9-'»»;9 ".»\u25ba
92642 «0!92tf77 2402730 120
! 02SH3 24i I
92958 24|93021 24,93052 38
M 261 24;a'K526 120:9:5460 «0»
9.*5527..... 24!931h>0 36193731..... 24
93512 3G!94031 24'1>4134 24
9414S 8«i94207 21'9J257 38
«42!)2 120194307 15«|»W63..... S8
94704 2491774 2J'9.".C34....i 36
95054 241&5130 24 53312 24
953.-S7 360.V.71 60:05402 3«
95405 24 957C9 60 95747. .... 6O
95747 CC;OS7S4 .-{eniSSS 24
95?38 5C195390 «0 9«0«7 . . .. . "8
96123 36 !)<n:i3 24:90406 3rt
964ti9 2496525 2irw<rr3 24
9»T765 36;96792 2197111 M
07120 88,97158 24197273 00
97295 • 120;97. - :50 «0 97US1 24
97545 •;c;97t:c; 24,n7t524..... 24
877SS 240750* 24(91812 ICO
97822 180.97839 3698153..... tfO
08233 Sfi;9.S3OS 60.0*329 24
98505 S«.'93<iOO 2419^668..... - 24
05903 24 95992 36199011 24
K9C33 24:9915;: 2499207..... .JSO
99274 36 99293 24190302 t>O
tiO.ni 120 99X57 2499834..... 60
99891 24|- '--\:>
Honduras National Go.
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. AUGUST 19, 1905.
TO ARRIVE.
7* * MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
J, CALLED HER ,pOWN.
':\u25a0 Mr. 1 Naggitt— You are ; very in
consistent. " You 7 insist .'upon hav
ing the most 'expensive things,
and; yet— ' . '• - "
Mrs. Naggitt— And yet, what? \u25a0.
Mr. Naggitt— You use ; so \ much
talk. "Don't you know, that. talk is ./
cheap? •«' : . . "
IF THEY', HAD CAUGHT HIM. '
./ Hix— ls he a nriished" musician?
• Dix— He ' came near v being . one .•
:; last -night. ,The neighbors chased
;-\u25a0\u25a0 him nearly ten blocks.
Ruyt«r— Did you find It dlflScult
to interview Miss. Nera Mann, the
woman's rights agitator?
Scribbler— No. It was easy. AH I
bad to do was to sit still and an
swer, questions.
EASY.
HK KNOWS THEY ARE "NOT.
Mrs. . Benham— The paper tells
about ajman who 1 stole a head of
lettuce and then went back and got
another, being arrested on the sec
ond trip.
Benham— l'll bet you can't make
that fellow believe. that- two heads
are better than one. • .'\u25a0
CAST YOUR OPTICS OVER V THESE AND MAKE UP YOUR MIND TO BE CHEERFUL**
- • \u25a0 . .
V WISE FATHER. .:
Bobby (at dinner - table)— Papa,
can '\u25a0 I have two pieces of pie ?
.,-.'• : Pupa— Sure, just . cut .' the piece
\u25a0you.'have; in;two.V::; -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:-,-'-. ,./:' \u25a0':'
\u25a0 Special Information' supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 30 Cali
fornia, street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California Glace Fruits, in
artistic lire-etched boxes. New store now
open. 767 Market street. •
A dlstinguishe^English physician is au
thority, for the statement that many a
headache, from which a. woman suffers
upon returning from a shopping tour, a
walk or a ride, is due to the strain upon
the leverage of the roots of the hair,
caused by the action of; the wind upon
large hats, says the Cleveland 1/Cader.
Headaches hurt,"" but hats are' handsome..
Possibly some millinery genius will invent
feminine headgear In Which it will be
HEADACHES FROM, 810 HATS.
possible to taka a double : reef when the
winds blow high and low and call for un
due strain upon the hair roots that make
for women's crowns of glory. .
ALMOST any of the materials that are in use for the youngsters will
make up charmingly in this chic designs. The original la in a double
width crepe de chine, with a lace yoke and lace strappings on the
bodice. The yoke shows the popular Dutch neck, and Is cut In shallow
points back and front, where the bodice proper Is fulled on. The sleeve
is a full puff, with double ruffle edged with lace and ends at the elbow.
The skirt is in two parts, the upper one shirred to the band and com
ing only to below*the curve of the hips. The second part Is a v«ry
full flounce that- is applied with much shirring and groups of deep
tucks and adds much to the style. A band of black velvet ribbons fits
in snugly -about the waist.
CHIC SIMPLICITY FOR THE SCHOOL. GIRL.
* : : : — : . ,..,.. '. \ 7
Everything bites in this world except the fish.
Nine out of ten people talk too loud as well as too raufh.
Be polite, and for goodness' sake, tone down that voice. -^
Some people think it a sin to. let a piano alone a minute.
Every day will be Sunday by and by; but you won't know it.
Ever remark how you straighten up when you see a stooped-shoulder per
son?
When you find there is nothing in your "doctrine," how' foolish you feel!
It is a cheap man who wants his friends to say he is right when he is
wronc.
When some people work they make so much fuss you are sorry they started.
When it begins to rain in this country It stems as hard to auit as the to
bacco habit. . | i
The laugh will be on the men when they become angels and put on_ their first
dresses. -,>...
When we see some people we feel like inventing a word that Is stronger than
' "crank." /
They are about' even:: If you aie a boy, it . is the Woodbox; If. you are a
• girl, it is the dishes.- [ --:.-<\u25a0:•.
How mean a man feels when he gets mad and then discovers he had nothing
to get mad about! . ' -/ \u25a0.'. .
Next to a .husband who tells his wife all he knows, a woman liftes a house
with plenty of closets, v .
/ A man never so much doubts- the intelligence of women as when passing the
\vindowsof a millinery-; store. —Atchison, Kan;, Globe. r; •;
IT is easy and reasonable to condemn
a spendthrift. William, yet do you
. happen to remember hearing such
condemnation meted out by any per
son who was the recipient of the spend
thrift's money? Probably not, my boy.
At any rate, I was young and now I am
old. yet do I not recall the performance
of. such a stunt by anybody. No. Wil
liam, we may not approve a waste of
butter, but as long as It comes to our
b.read we generally manage to keep our
butter sentiments to ourselves. We
might see the fact demonstrated in
many instances, but one will be suffi
cient for, v young man of your Jicute
ness, and, of course. , it pains to- dwell
on such a subject. It pains," too, to
reflect that humanity is subject to car
.buncles, but even if you Insist that
there is no such thing, a carbuncle may
arrive on the very next train after you
have been heard to insist. .
«<r> OBBINS' little boy has had th»
£j measles, scarletina. chicken-pox.
mumps, scarlet fever and I don't
know how many other diseases. He
catches them, one after the other, just
as fast as he has the opportunity."
"Unfortunate, isn't he?"
"Yes, but Bobbins says there Is one
good thing about the child."
"What is that?"
"He says that, he is the most pains
taking young one he ever knew."
, THE NEXT DEAL.
THE fellow who sits in the game of
life
With only a dr.uce and a tray
May fsel that with trials his hand is rife.
And it's scarce worth the trouble to
play:
But still, let him play it the best that he
. knows.
Nor e'er his depression reveal.
For when the hand's played it is fair to
, : suppose
That the Dealer will give a new deal.
SUN FLOWER PHILOSOP^ W
TRADE AND IMMIGRATION.
IT cannot escape public attention nor pass unnoticed by the pol
iticians that the Trans-Mississippi Congress at Portland and the
Reciprocity Conference at Chicago are taking up some very po
tent and very practical public and political questions. Out of these
questions will issue the politics of the immediate future.
Commerce and immigration are brought to the front, pushed up
by the thought of the people. While the Governors of Oregon and
Washington, in addressing the Portland Congress, saw only one
fraction of the immigration question, Governor Pardee of Califor
nia brought it all into focus, and took the only tenable ground, by
insisting that all nations have equality of treatment in respect to
immigration. Any other policy is not only too narrow for the dig
nity of a great country, but it is injurious to our commerce.
It is interesting that the old issues in politics, which were sen
timental, have entirely passed away, and we are now entering the
period of economic politics. In the past we were alarmed lest the
national soul go to perdition. Now we are solicitous about the
body; how shall it be clothed and wherewith shall it be fed. It is
useless to decry this as commercialism and this as a commercial
age. "Seest thou a man diligent in his business, he shall stand
before kings and he shall not stand before mean men," was uttered
in a commercial age. Every age has been commercial. The stu
dent of politics who intends to take an active part in public affairs
must inquire into the economic conditions .that have brought men
fnto conference in Portland and Chicago.
We are not going to have any more race issue or sectional poli
tics. All that is buried with the resolutions of 1798 and 1799, the
Mississippi compromise, the Wilmot proviso and the Dred Scott
decision. We have now the politics of three meals a day and a
change of shirts. \u25a0 . , \u25a0..'
Russell Sage does not relax his belief that any employe of his v. ho
should take a vacation would defraud him, but he did yield so far lo com
mon custom as to celebate his eighty-ninth birthday by keeping away from
the office. — Philadejphia Record. - .
Virginia moonshiners knew how to produce cobless corn long before
Luther Burbank was born. — Richmond Times-Dispatch.
THE Crown Princess of Roumania, who has just arrived -in this coun
try and. has brought her. children with her, says the London Sketch,
is still remembered, here as Princess Marie of Edinburgh. She was
married to Prince Ferdinand yon Hohenzollern, the heir, presumptive to the
throne of Roumania. in January of 1893, and has four children— Prince
Carol, who is 12; Princess Elizabeth, Princess Marie and .. Prince Nicholas.
Her husband-Is the nephew of the King of Roumania and was .proclaimed
heir presumptive in March, ISB9, Prince Leopold: of Hdhenzollern-Slgrmar
ingen and his son, Prince -Wilhelm. having: renounced their rights!
CROWX PRINCESS MARIE OF ROUMAXIA.
Al-so ask her if a p'nk dress nec-ea-sa
rl-ly ce-notes hap-pi-ness. If she says it
does. »ook at her lat-est hus-band and
woh-der.
We should learn from , this. Charlie,
nev-er to for-get to wear black when we
are af-fHct-ed with in-con-aol-a-blo grief.
Ask the wo-mamif she does not think
this is no. '
No, in-deed, Charlie. She has been com
fort-ed. and her lat-est hus-band is the
one for whom she now wears the pink
dress.
To be sure, but those who knew her
late hus-band might not have sus-pect-ed
it; so the black was nec-es-sa-ry.
Was her late hus-band her lat-est hus
band? ;.
Yes. you are right. She wore it be
cause she had lost her -dear hus-band,
and the black showed her deep grief.
Could she not have felt grief with-out
trie black?
DID you see' the wo-man last win-ter,
Charlie?
fe Yes, you did see the wo-man,
What did the* wo-man wear then?
She wore a black dress.
Why did she wear the black drees,
Chartie?
LESSON FOR LITTLE CHAIILJE.
By and by the temper of Federal jurisdiction will change. The
amicable civilian spirit will replace harsh military methods, and we
will get along better. But Senator Curtin is in no mood to wait
for a placeboic policy, and proposes to work out his old iron in
keeping the United States out of the Yosemite Valley. The case
will raise some interesting issues, which will attract the attention
of the lawyers and the laity. The Yosemite Valley and the Mari
posa Big Trees were granted by Congress to the State of California
in trust. The trust was burdened with certain conditions, which"
have been fulfilled by providing roads and trails to make the valley
and its scenery accessible, and by making provision in the valley
for the shelter of sightseers.
About the time that the trust was created a squatter problem
was planted in the valley. There had been some squatters in the
valley for some time, but their locations were not made with a view
of obstructing access. But one Mr. Hutchings understood the value
of getting in the way and he proceeded to squat clear across the
valley, on a line just below the Ompompanoosies and Union. Point.
He was a militant and persuasive person, and rebellious to author
ity. As the lord of the valley he disputed the jurisdiction of the
State Commissioners and raised a rumpus of the first class. A ready
writer and talker, he was soon the beneficiary of a widespread be
lief that he was the discoverer of the valley and was about to be
despoiled by the State. This belief spread out of the State and the
rights of Hutchings in the Yosemite Valley and the Terry-Broderick
duel shared the front of the stage as the two best known "doings"
in California.
As a matter of fact neither he nor the squatters who preceded
him had any right or title whatever. But Hutchings did not mind
that. He was a. superb lobbyist and persuaded the Legislature to
grant to him the land he occupied in the valley, subject to ratifi
cation by Congress, and he actually lobbied a ratification bill
through the House of Representatives at Washington. Next move
lie persuaded the Legislature to appropriate a large sum of money
to buy the squatter claims in the valley. Of this he received about
530.000 for his claim and as soon as the Commissioners were gone
lie reoccupied the land and defied them and the' State. Out- of this
attempt to eat his cake and keep it sprang some of the most lurid
litigation in our judicial history.
As Senator Curtin's case seems to be based on the extinguish
ment of Hutchings' title by the State, making his and the other
squatter holdings therefore the property of the State and separate
from the trust property granted to the State by the United States,
the result of this carnival of litigation bears- directly upon that which
is proposed. Hutchings claimed that his right to the land in the
valley had vested and was not affected by the grant in trust to the
State. The case went up on writ of error to the Supreme Court of the
United States, and went against Hutchings, {lie opinion of the court
being written by Mr. Justice Field. The court said that a party
by mere settlement upon lands of the. United States, with declared
intention to obtain title to the same, does not thereby acquire such
a vested interest in the premises as to deprive Congress of the
power to divest it by grant to another party. The act of Congress
of 1864 passed the title of the Yosemite Valley and Mariposa Big
Tree Grove to the State, subject to the trust specified therein, and
"this solemn trust," said the court, "is accepted by the State." A
pre-emptor of public land acquires only the preference to enter his
land when the Government puts it into the market, but the United
States is under no obligation to put the lalid in the market, and can
make other disposition of it.
This decision seems to dispose of Senator Curtin's case so far
as it rests on the squatter claims. If the State chose to make a gift
of money to Hutchings, it could do so, and it did. That act, how
ever, did not affect the legal status of the valley. As the Supreme
Court said, Congress passed the title to California, contingent upon
a specified trust. The State accepted that trust, and is just as free
to give it up as it has. When the trust is abandoned the title re
verts to the trustor. Still we hope that Senator Curtin will press
his suit, for it will advertise the valley.
rpHE transfer of tie Yosemite Valley to the United States is
' I to be obstructed by a lawsuit. Senator Curtin is bringing the
- A suit in wrath that has been roused by differences of opinion be
tween his stock herders and the soldiers who guard the Yosemite
National Park, a reservation that is entirely distinct from" the Yo
semite Valley. The valley may go into Federal or remain in State
control and the status of the park will be unchanged. Therefore
the controversy between the livestock men and the Government over
the grazing of forest and park reservations will not be composed
by a lawsuit over the jurisdiction of the Yosemite Valley.
It is probable that the troops of soldiers, acting as forest guards,
sre frequently arbitrary and offensive. In the past they have re
moved and destroyed the landmarks of private holdings, which is
a felony under the State law, and in other ways have made the
American eagle offensive in the mountains. But these evils and
errors are due largely to the fact that our forest and park policy
is not" fully formed. The people are not adjusted to it, nor is it
adjusted to the conditions which it must fit. Washington is a long
way off and the department and bureau officials there who have
charge of these mountain reservations know but little of the local
atmosphere and situation. They have an idea that the people of
California cherish designs of spoliation and must be frustrated by
force.
A YOSEMITE LAWSUIT.
I do not claim this here's a tale fer little
kids an* such.
What don't know 'bout this sinful world—
* that is, they don't know much;
But, oh, its longe&t. : strongest suit, is
truth I still maintain,
11' Wicked William felt remorse he never
made It plain. '
He worked that claim both, night and
day, he worked it with a gun.
Ati\ oh. he was a millionaire when that
there work v,as done;
An'— here's the fact that pained us'some—
the parson halved t'no same,
Fer William said 'twas special grace that
led him to thaf claim.
WHEN Wicked William got remorse
for all the sins he'd did
While y shootin'/ " up the minln*
camps an' trav'lin' joy amid,
The preacher says to him, he says, "The
sinful- things you' vo done,- - ,-—
You how must testify to all." Says Wil
liam, "Where's my gun?" .
Oh, then .that noble preacher man, he
says, "This eome- annoys;
I fear you ain't got much remorse," Says
; Bill. VI know the. boys." ;, ;
An' If I've ~ got to testify to all"— he
heaved a s!gh— v . '•. -
"I reckon that there'll be no harm 'to
have my gun some nigh."
When William. rose ter speak that night
v . the boys assembled there, . v ' -
An' tirst they listened solemn to the par
son's f etchin' prayer. .'. ;
Then Willjam says— he stood upon a stone
beside the eriek — .
"I feel my.iost an' sinful state; you bet
it -makes me sick.
Sometimes six aces in my sleeve has
sorter casual met,
An' when I played them aces out — "jest
then thestone upset,
An' so did William in the crick. Our
laughter roso some high,
Till Rubber Rufus noticed that"\ Bill's
gun was middlln' dry.
"Oh, sinners." William then resoomed—
. . jest then he looked around
Ao' saw the place where that there stone
. htd theretofore ben found—
"Oh, feller sinners, for my guilt I'm
droppin' now a tear.
An' also, I would wish to state, that now
— I locate here!" .•\u25a0 .
The subsekent perceedin's then I claim
was somewhat wrong; . *; • "
If Bill was short on piety, his gun play
was. some long;
An' when the^ smoke had cleared away
frum down between the. hills
The boys remainin' all allowed that that
• there claim was Bill's."
A very informal affair which con
tained some, .charming entertainment
was held in the studio of Miss Eleanor
Connefll yesterday afternoon.
Music is quite the theme in the pretty
room under tiVW eaves, and a surprise
was given in the violin playing of a
mere child, little Miss Bertina Boffa.
She has recently arrived from Europe
with her purents, both of whom are
cultivated musicians, and Miss Bertina
handles her Instrument like a veteran.
Sonatas of great difficulty, both as to
Thf; gathering radiated youthful
spirit and the happiness of r*ubir»."i
after the summer vacation -w.-is >>nly
second to the chat of, the coming wed
ding. In .the party were Miss '!arol
Moore, Miss Lucy Gwln Colemii, Mi u s
Julia Langhorne, Miss Maisie Lang?
home. Miss Ruth Merrill, Miss Maudo
Payne, Miss Nellie Geisaler, Miss Caro
line Mills, Miss Merritt Reid.
Yesterday the Palni Garden held a
vivacicus throng who were bidden to a
luncheon byj Miss Merrltt Reid. ,
The young hostess has been away
from California for a few^. year's ; in
Europe, but will take her place in
society this season. Yesterday *b«j
table, though -simply decorated, was
exturrely pretty, bearing a muss tf
bridesmaid roses, with a "delicate
bouquet of tiger lilies by ea:h name
card.
A farewell luncheon was given in
the Red room of the Bohemian Club a
few days ago to Louis F. Geissler, who
leaves for Philadelphia in a few weeks.
.These": honoring him upon this occa
sion were the board of directors of
Sherman, Clay & Co.. among whom
were Leander S. Sherman. P. T. Clay,
F. P.. Sherman. Leonard -Georges. F. W. ;
Stevenson, George Griswold of Lyon &
Hoaly and H. I. Bennett.
The table was fairly strewn with j
red carnations, while above the board
hungr a huge red parasol, from the cen
ter of which to each' point was fes
tooned smilax. ' \u25a0
; Many congratulatory speeches Jind
fcooo wishes were offered, during which
Mr. Geissler was presented iwth a mag«
nificent silver loving- cup fifteen inches
in height; with handles of horn. - ..
With Mr. Gelssler's departure his son
Arthur also goes, and -with"' him. ibis
bride, who, as Miss Carol Moore, he is
to marry, early in \u25a0 September.' - V « ]\u25a0' :A
.• • •
The friends. of Miss Carol Moore are
hastening to do her honor, for the time
from, now until her wedding day Is
very short and there are :many who
wish to have a hand in her entertain
ment.
Mrs. B. Rueff and Mrs. S. McGill were
hostesses last evening at a trolley
party, entertaining twenty-five guest*.
A delightful detour of the city was
made, after which a supper was served
at;' a downtown restaurant.
Mr. and Mrs. Francis J. McComa3
are at the St. Franc!* after a wedding
trip all over the State. They will be
leaving presently for Paris and Lon
don.
technique and Interpretation, were
given by this young: player with mar
velous adaptability, really charming
every listener.
Miss Tyler, with a sweet. Impressive
mezzo, sang: beautifully from Schubert
and Wagner. Miss Lowrie commanded
the piano, while Miss Connell also
1 graciously favored the gathering, which
was most delightful and truly informal,
though the treat of these classics was
well -worthy a more pretentious occa
sion. Among those who dropped in
were Harvey Worthington Loomis and
Edwin Star Belknap. .- '. \u25a0 . - ":'
\u25a0 • • - ' •
- Sir- Patrick Manson, who is here In
the interest of the Surgeons' Congress,
will be -the .guest of honor thi3 evening
at a. smoker given at St. Dunstan'a by
Hubert ' Howe Bancroft. -
\u25a0-\u25a0 • . \u25a0* : • .?'"
Dr. an&.Mrs. C. X. EUinwood.will rs
ceive to-day at their home on Pacific
avenue in honor of Sir Patrick and
Lady Manson of London, who are visit
ors to the Pacific Coast and will re-,
main in. San Francisco for a brief
time. , : . . ,
• • • .
Mrs. C. Elwood Brown was hostess at
her home on Pacific avenue a few days
ago in honor of Mrs. James Sidney
Peels of Wisconsin, who is a promi
nent Colonial Dame. .-\u25a0 V
A programme of Scotch and English
songs : was part of the afternoon's en
} tertalnment, which was a very enjoy
j able affair and included the following 1
• guests: Mrs. S. W. Holladay. Mrs. Louis
Aldrtch. Mrs. J. Uoddard Clark, Mrs.
Ruggles, Mrs. Sidney M. Van Wyck
Sr.. Mrs. Henry L. Van Winkle, Mrs.
Vanderlyn Stow. Mrs. E. Burke Hol
laday,' Mrs. Walter D. Mansfield, Mrs.
George Thurston. Mrs., Heron. Mrs.
Thayer. Mrs. Leigh Richmond Smith of
j Santa Clara." Mrs. Brewer and Miss
I Brewer of San Mateo. Miss Jones. Miss
Van Brunt, Miss Thompson. Miss Kim
ball, Miss Lucy T. Heard of Sacra
mento. Miss Spader or Santa Barbara.
: Mrs. Selden S. Wright, the honorary
president, was not able to be present,
wnich was a matter of regret to all.
"\u25a0<* TEE SMART SET. * *
Sally Sharp
THE SAN ERANCISCdCALL
;OHX D. SPRECKELS. ... ...;.'..«*.««.... .Proprtetor
ADDRESS » TT r COMMXTNTCATttOJfS TO
SPITS McXAUGHT « Manager
P ÜBUCATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKBT \ BTRtan^S. SAN FRANCISCO
SATURDAY - ..AUGUST 19, 19Q5
ROYAL BE AUTYr FUTURE QUEEN
OF RGU MANIA, VISITS ENGLAND
-,\u25a0"-* - \u25a0 ' \u25a0 • \u25a0
A. J. Waterhouse
OCCIDENTAL
ACCIDENTALS
8It is well to look on the bright side/but
it is better to have a look at both sides.
So large has the foreign population of
East. London now become that even the
official notices outside the police station
have to be printed in Yiddish as well as
English. . I )\' -
'. When your liver is inactive," when -ou
are dull and drowsy by. day and re»tles3
at night, take Lash's Bitters., • •
The San Francisco News Letter Is living up
to its motto, which Is a "Journal of Comment
and. Criticism." \u25a0'\u0084' \u25a0 . \u25a0'.-
This week's issue points^ out many flaws in
public sentiment.
There -Is a wide range of subjects treated,
covering politics, public affairs, newspapers,
household hints, .financial, insurance, theatri
cal, social, autompbillngr, foreign affairs and
"short atories. - . . •
"A Critical" Critic.
Colonel Brooks In Vnr l*.
PARIS, Aug. 18.— Colonel S. S. Brooks
of San Francisco registered at the Her
ald Bureau to-day.
j Mrs. H. L. Splllman and Allan Bon
ner, 1001 Bush street, called at. the
Police Department yesterday afternoon
and identified some of the. .; jewel^y
found on Harry B. Kernan, the con
fessed burglar who was arrested in
Oakland a few days ago.
It has been stated that Kernan lived
at the Locheam House, 712 ;Van Ness
avenue,. with Miss Frances Birch, who
passed as-his wife, but this has been
strongly denied by tho-^proprietor of
the Locheam House. -He admits that
Kernan called on Miss Birch frequent
ly/ but never lived there.
Victim* of Harry B. Korunn. the Con
fessed Hurßlnr, Idrntlf j Their
Goodn ot Central Station. . -A-^
POLICE DETE3CTIVES KNOW
OWNERS OP STOLEN JEWELRY
Th« picture buyers jvere confined to a limited
number of subjects. A glance through our'art
gallery will reveal euch a profusion of pictures
that It makes It seem bewildering-. Oils, pas
tels, water colors, famous : reproductions In
sepia, black and white and gray — plain and
severe, effects. -We Invite your Inspection. San
born. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. . '•
Twenty-Fire Yearn Ago
' < Los Angeles— L. Isaac and. wife. Hotel
Astor; H. L. Anderson, Astor House;
G. Geisler, Astor. .
' San Francisco — Mrs. Andrews. Martha
.Washington; D. J. Costello, Broadway
Central; G. Murer, Broadway Central;
H. R. "Rand and wife, Seville; B. E.
Summan; Martha Washington ; J. T.
Thompson, ; Marl borough; T. E. Paw
lick, Broadway Central.
San Diego— Mrs. Droulllard, Seville. .
Sacramento — -V. H. Woods, Imperial.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— The follow
ing Californians are in New York:
Calif ornlansTn N*w York.
Deputy Coroner Charles W. Meehan
returned yesterday from his vacation' at
the Portland -Fair.' He is loud in' his
praise- of the California building and of
the generous hospitality, both liquid and
solid, with which he was entertained." >
R. M. Coe and; Mrs. Lv M. Coe, wealthy
residents of Cleveland, are registered at
the ; Palace.
"E. A. ./Wiltsee of New York, American
representative of the Venture Corporation
of ' London, -arrived here yesterday from
the East. *
T. K." Jones of Paris is at the Califor
nia. '
I* D. Scott. One of Selma's merchants,
is at the LJclc. .
' E. A.- Peart, a merchant of Colusa, is
at the Russ.
.'Hiram Tyres, a capitalist of Salt Lake
City, is at the. St. Francis.
Charles H. " Steele, a. 'member of a big
contracting firm of Portland, is at the
Palace.
PERSONAL.
Pensions Paid — First quarter, ending Sep
tember 30, 1004, |5692 99; second quarter, • end
inß December 31, 1904, $6022 60;. third quarter,
ending March 81, 1905, $5»8l 25f fourth
quarter, ending June 30. 1905. '55081 25; salary
of secretary, July 1, . 1904, to June 30. IUOS.
$COO. Total, $24,277 99. Deficit. $4277 99.
At the meeting.of the. Board. of.^Fire
Commissionete " yesterday ; 'afternoon - it
was decided to send Chief.
John Dougherty to represent, the. San
Francisco' Fire- Department at, the con
vention of the chiefs of.' -every.-- great
city in -the ; United. States; to ;be -held
in Portland next September. .;.,- It willbe
impossible7<or Chief Sullivan to make
the trip and he~ recommended >that -his
first assistant be siveri the honor.: ; The
board will ask. tho Supervisors to vote
$500 for. the expenses' of : the journey/
'i Ten* firemen appeared 1 , before - the
Commissioners and, pleaded. .that they
were in, the grasp of the ', moniey lenders
and tliatthey . were taking steps to be
declared bankrupt. 3 One swo^e.that he
had borrowed. $100 five years agro,;had
paid $600 interest and that he still owed
$129 v on;this same account.; A few "of
the men owed bills to others than the
money' lenders and the; commission
stated in no obscure" terms I that thes6
bills left unpaid : would mean immediate
dismissal from the department. "
- M. J. ..-- Haggerty, . truckman, , truck
company No. 8, was fined twenty days'
pay for failure to report for duty'on
July 30. ' ' ;;:,..•". : . \u25a0 :
The following transfers wereordered:
Thomas Kelly, lieutenant; engine ;comf
pany 30, to engine company 22; Thomas
Collins, lieutenant,' from engine
pany 22 to engine company 30; James
Dever. captain, from engine company 26
to engine company 36; James Coniff,
captain chemical company 6, to^ngine
company 26; John Fitzpatrick, captain
engine company 38, to chemical com
pany 6; W. E. Gallatln Jr., lidsemaii
engine company 26, to engine company.
36; John Cahill. driver chemical com
pany 6, to hose company 26;- Frank
Miskel, truckman, from engine com
pany 10 to driver chemical company 6.
. Letters telling of the heroism of
Captain John Brown, engine company
2, were read to the commission. He
caught a severe cold as the result of
pulling three people out of the icy
waters of the lake at Camp Meeker
last month and is now laid up / In bed.
The commission has ordered that his
pay go on during his illness.
The order was issued that each fire
man have a tapper placed in his resi
dence free of charge, and that there
must \u25a0be one installed in his eating
place without expense to thY city. r
• The following report of the . pension
fund was made to the Mayor:
Every Great City of United
' States Sends Heroes ;to
the Northern Gathering
MANY WILL ASSEMBLE
Assistant Chief Will ? B^p
":' resent^ : Fire Department;
;at Porti and Exposition;
GIVE OUTING
TO DOUGHERTY
The late George S. Boutwell's will pro
vides that his daughter shall publish his
\u25a0writings. He was . once : Secretary of , the
Navy- and . Governor " of Massachusetts. .
: The sand; dnnes; that were south of
the Park Is recent history— .
The growth of the Sunset district has
been MtronfinnA steady— \u25a0 •'-\u25a0
- Good :. opportunities ••; (or : Investments
through : Sunday, Real Estate columns. i,l'
At an adjourned meeting, of the Press
Club last night the nominations*for of
ficers were completed, as follows: \u25a0'
President. John McKaug'ht; vice pres
ident — D. M. Fraser. T. F.;. Bonnet; • Sec
retary, Eugene J. DavisY 'treasurer—
A- Y. Wood, R. M. Neal; General H.P.
Bush: librarian — C. H. Tebbs. F." - A.'
Doggett: directors — D. M. , Fraser,
Alpheus Dlxon. Dr. P.M. Jones, R. W.
Neal, General H. P. Bush, F. Al Doggett,
J. \V. Scott. General Tirey L. Ford. W.
G. Talnnder.M* j., Stellmann. James A:
Carey," A. H. Dutton. A. Y. Wood,' Paul
Cowles. , - '
Press Club .Nominations.
Permission was granted to the Gas
and Electric Company to place its wires
in the. park under the direction of the
park superintendent.
A motion- was made to fix up the
children's play ground and add amuse
ments for the children. It was also
decided to have the superintendent
make an estimate, of the, cost of an
asphalt walk through, the tunnel to the
music stand. ; A reward \of $50: was de
cided upon for. the arrest 'and convic
tion of any one breaking Into the lock
ers at the baseball and tennis grounds.
On behalf of the automobile owners
Attorney Thomas Keogh asked that an
ordinance be passed allowing automo
biles on the south drive after 11 o'clock
at night. The matter was laid over
until the return of President Spreckels.
A meeting of the Park Commission
was held in the Palace Hotel yesterday
afternoon, at which all members were
present except President Adolph
Spreckels. W. H. Metson acted as
president. f
The Native Daughters of the Golden
West asked and were granted permis
sion to plant a tree in the park on
Arbor day in honor of the pioneers.
Dr. 6alfleld. president of the Pan
handle and Ashbury Improvement Club,
presented a petition signed by the
property owners of Stanyan and Page
street* asking that the Stanyan street
entrance be widened and reopened for
vehicles.
Park Board Grants Them Permission
nnd Transacts Other Business Rela
tive to Public Pleasure Ground.
JT4.TIVB DAUGHTERS WILL
PL.AXT TREE FOR PIONEERS
Members of the commission stated-yes
terday that the capacity of a tube eight
inches in diameter is 350,000 pieces of mail
an hour, as determined at a test made in
Chicago. This is greater Jthan the total
number of letters posted In a' day in all
San Francisco, so. there \ is said to. be no
danger of a tube not doing the work. -
A space twenty-eight by ninety-alx, feet
in the ferry building is asked for the \u25a0 es
tablishment of a terminal for the tube by
the commission. \u25a0\u25a0 (It?, does' ; not wish to
place the tube in the old ferry station be
.cause, of the lack" of permanency of >the
location. The ; Harbor Commissioners will
be asked for \u25a0? the | required j space jon | the
ground . floor, * and, whether the service Is
obtained rests; with them. .; : .
i New York, St. Louis, = Chicago,' - Phlladel-:
phia and | Boston , have the 'pneumatic sys
temof mail service In; operation,' and it
,has been found Tto be a success in each'of
these cities. Money,, is Tready for ; the ; re
pairing of the "systems : already^ In {use,;
but: no provision i is \made* for^-thel' in-'
stallation of, new- ones. "Congress ( wlll
be appealed to for, the; money < to install :
the San . Francisco tube. ~ ~
• The distance that the maMs will, have to
be carried in wagons from > the ferry to
the new main postofflce is L 54 miles, ten
minutes' ride on street car or twenty
five minutes drive in a loaded .wagon. Su
perintendent of. Malls Ford saldi.that
there seemed to be an impression among
business men that the removal of the
ferry postoffice would cripple the service,
but that the installation of the tube ser
vice would make It even better than be
fore.
If a site can be secured in the ferry
building the San Francisco 1 public is as
sured of a pneumatic tube mail service
between the new postoftlce, Mission and
Seventh streets; Station. X, New Mont
gomery street, and the terminal for over
land malls at the ferry postofflce. , The
Pneumatic Tube Commission from Wash
ington, D. C, investigated' existing con
ditions here yesterday arid will , depart
to-day for the national capital, having
received a good impression of thia city
and its need of the quick service. The
commission's report will be given to the
Postoffice Department, and it. is said San
Francisco will soon be one of the five
cities in the United States so favored.
. The Pneumatic ' Tube Commission is
composed of J. M. Masten, F. W. Vaille
and J. H. Crew, all of Washington, D. C.
In a separate party, but acting with it
for the betterment of the service, was
the. committee on the removal of the
postofflce to Mission and. Seventh streets,
consisting of J.H. Crew, superintendent
of railway adjustment; Alexander Grant,
assistant general superintendent of rail
way mail service, and T. J. Ford, super
intendent of mails at the local postofflce.
The Washington, officials feel, that now
is the opportune time for the, installation
of the tube service for this city, because
the removal of the postofflce to Mission
street. will necessitate the carrying. of 90
per cent of, the mails entering the city
in wagons from the old ferry postofflce to
the new building.
Washington Commission De
sires Site in Jferry Build-
for Pneumatic. Service
SEEKS TERMINAL
FOR MAIL TUBE
lation is perfect, which is such an aid
to beauty at a dance.
The first floor, including the reception
rooms, reception hall and ballroom (or
auditorium) may be thrown into one
apartment, or may be divided by sliding
doors, as the club, or the* renter, may
desire.
On the second floor are the club's own
delightful apartments, which will not be
subject to. rental. \
On the third floor is the gymnasium
with its accessories, which may be rented
for club or gymnasium purposes on such
days as the California Club doesn't re
quire it. It is on this floor that the
Sketch Club has engaged headquarters,
and mighty cozy quarters they are, hav
ing been equipped to meet the require
ments of the tenants.
So clubwomejn. if you're looking about
for a new home, hurry around to the new
clubhouse, pick out your rooms and get
what yon want while the workmen are
there.
And thus has It come to pass that the
California Club has crystallized its dream.
Moreover, it has shown that fifteen club
women—who, presumably have trained
mines— are not any harder on a diplo
matic architect than one woman who
thinks in kinks.
It is hoped that Dy the middle of Sep
tember the club will throw open its doors
to Its friends, and then Mr. Knowles*
achievement will speak for itself—diplo
matic Mr. Knowles!
Meanwhile, Mrs. Cotton and her com
mittee are receiving congratulations.
PHOTOGRAPH OP THE EXTERIOR OF THE NEW HOME OF THE CALIFORNIA
CLUB ON CLAY STREET. BETWEEN POLK AND. VAN NESS AVENUE,
AND AN .INTERIOR VIEW. ;/.. ,
What of the architect?
Why, he's a trump, is this 'William
Knowlfs. say they, and if Anna H. Shaw
bad only known him before she set eyes
-.viion Professor Griggs I am convinced
"^ f> would have pronounced him "the
fcost perfect man in California"; for be
hold here a man who for over a year has
discussed plaus and perspectives and ele
vations and joists and braces aifd window
b<>xes with fifteen women, each of whom
\u25a0aas well equipped with ideas of her own
on the subject, end who emerges with a
tniie upon his facp, the good will of fif
teen women in his pocket and the club
2ious» nearly completed, practically as
he set out to do it. Moreover, this phe
nomenal architect declares— and he looks
«.*!« If he means it— that he has enjoyed
every phase of the work, and he pay« a
let of pretty compliments to the intelli
gence of the president and her building
committee Let all architects take no
t5 Cc for most of them find one woman's
itfe&s on architecture a-plenty.
As for the interior, it is to be finished
jn natural woods, largely redwood, with
the exception of the auditorium, or ball
room, whicß will b« done in whita and
icold. Apropos to this apartment, it will
seat SOO. exclusive of the balcony, and
as for dancing, it has the dandiest kind
of a "spring" Hoor — this is a tip to the
dancing clubs that. have sought afar for
such a commodity. Besides, the venti-
Ever 6ince the steps have been in place
—few clubwomen are graceful climbers—
bunches of Ahem . have inspected the
building, and they are a unit in bowing
their acknowledgments to the cleverness
of the club's president, Mrs. Aylett R.
Cotton, and her sane building committee,
cf which Mrs. Richard I. Wbelan Is chair
man.
You will find it on the north side of
Clay street, bettvetn Van Xess avenue
and Polk street, and it is almost ready
for th«* foregathering of the club,;for by
the middle of September the members
hopp to christen their fireside with appro
priate cere:nonieß. '.
If there's a clubhouse hereabouts that
eli<vtvs better utilization of epace, saner
lUihting and ventilation, fitter facilities
for comfort, I haven't seen it; and as for
sun, it streams intn the rooms in trop
ical fashion from three eldes— when it
chines.
Th" California Club house Is at last a
thing: of actuality, and, incidentally, a
thing of beauty, utility and comfort.
LAURA BRIDE POWERS
HOME OF CALIFORNIA
CLUB IS NEARLY FINISHED
ARCHITECT DECLARES HE LIKES HIS JOB
THE SAN 1 FRANGISCO GALL," SATURDAY. AUGUST 19,: 1905.
9
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
. V
A Program of Paragons!
Yankee Doodle Boys; Howard Brottaersi
Josephine Alnsley; Jacob*) Dojrs, and
Orphenm Motion Picture*. Showing;
the Great Parisian Steeple Chase.
LAST TIMES OF
| COL. GASTOIM BORDEVERRY:
Edmund Day and Company! The
Queen's Fan,** and
JAMES J. MORTON
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices— loc. 25c
and 50c.
EVENINGS AT 8 O'CLOCK SHARP. r
• MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
Last Eight Nights
Robjßov
SUNDAY NIGHT. AUGUST 27,
Francia Wilson'a Original New York Casino
. OF
"ERM INI E"
AS STAGED BY MAX FREEMAN.
USUAL.XTIVOLI PRICES— 2Sc. 50c. 75c. .
ALCAZAR B mr
' - . General Manager.
THIS WEEK — Mat*. To-Day A Tlium.
WHITE WHITTLESEY
In Robert Louis Romance.
PRINCE OTTO
• As Played by Otis Sk'tnn«r.
CHANGE OF PLAY WEEKLY. .
Evrb.. 25c to 75c: Mats., Thurs-Sat., 25c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY— MR. WHITTLESEY IN
THE GREAT INTERROGATION
By Jack London and Lee Bascom.
Followed -by the Costume Comedy,
DAVID GARRI.CK
Market st./ near Eighth, opposite City Hall.
/ Phone South 533.
.TO-NIGHT AND ENTIRES WEEK
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
. Grand Scenic Production- ot the Romantic
Melodrama.
"LaiijFof th 3 Midnight Son"
By Edwin Barbour, Author of "She."
A Play of Thrilling Heart Interest
Laughter and Tears. ' Joy and Borrow.
' Don't Miss Seeing the Terrible Volcano in
• . . Action.
The Greatest Stage Effect Ever Known.
Htrqchel Mayall and All the Central Favorites.
Prices— Evgs.. 10c to 50c. Mats.. -10c.- 15c. 25c.
Next — The Popular Rural Drama,
i • "On the Wabash." ' . _..'.\u25a0
ALH AM BRA
LAST TIMES TO-DAY.
AFTERNOON AT 2:15; EVENING AT 8:15.
Belasco. Mayer & Price Present
The Royal
Hawaiian Band
Musical Director. . - .CAPTAIN H. BERGER
Direct from • Honolulu and En -Route to ths
Portland Exposition.
- IN POPULAR CONCERTS
THE SENSATION OP THE SEASON
Introducing 33 Brass and String Instrumen-
talists and Sincere, with Glee
Club and Soloists."
SEATS 23*? AND 50c NO HIGHER
;-. Sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'» To-day.
\u25a0. \u25a0 , : \u0084. \u25a0.\u25a0 t* \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0•-
"^"^ THE
PALACE
HOTEL
Conipres!««is Air clesnlnd plant
Room telephones
': Steam . neat i and op«n Ore*.;
Perfect ventilation >
Pipe organ ana orclwmra
Perfect service r~
"• Unexcelled ! cuisine
\u25a0 Every, luxury . attainable
BAJ A CALIFORNIA
Damiaiia Bitters
4 S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVXGORA-
" -tor and Nervine. :\u25a0 -;. : .
1 " The most \ wonderful : aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic fcr the Sexual Organ*, for both sexes.
"The : Mexican remedy for Diseases of tha
Kidneys and Bladder. -; Sells on Us own merits.
: .... • NABER.; ALFfi & BRUNE, ' Agents. -
323 Market st., S.";F.— (Send for Circular.)
s*t3!LUl?iS&a*4 lOOKB THEATHS
matineFto-day.
ENGAGEMENT LIMITED TO ONE MOREJ
WEEK.
EVERY NIGHT, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
Mrs. Wig gs °J=M
Cabbage Patch
9IADGB CARR COOK
In Her Original Role of Mrs. Wigs*
Mrs. Wlgg» will »ay good-by Sunday. Augr. 27.
Then comes another popular attraction.
:S':T: \u25a0 MAY IRWIX. .
CRAND SS'uVS
GLICKMAN'S YIDDISH PLAYERS
MATINEE TO-DAY, "RABBI OSHEB."
TO-NIGHT. "KINO SOLOMON."!
BEGINNING TO-MORROW MATINEE
...DENIS O'SULLIVAN.;.
In'ARRAH NA POGI'B
MR. O'SULLIVAN WILL SING: "W«»rln*
•\u25a0^•a Green," "Savoumeen Dheellsh" <ln Ga»- "
"Believe Me, If All Those Endearing
Charms." "The tow Backed Car."
"Phil the FlnteT.^. "Kitty of the Cows." ~I?ni
leprechaun." "The Cavan Recruit." "The Eml-
includes the CELEBRATED GAELIC
DANCERS: Hazel Allen. Bessie Allen. Joseph
P. Kelteher. John O'Connell.
;" ; SEATS NOW SELI.IXG.
Carlisle, Desmond and Bailey,
LES PARISIENNES
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Evenlns In the Theater. :
RIDE ON THE CIRCLE SWING!
VISIT THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD!
CAKE WALK TO-NIGHT!
ADMISSION A9e | CHILDREN... .;.. Sc
See Chlqulta. -the LHrlns Doll." Apnle
Reciline. the Tlnnip Laily. and th«
Bablw In the Infant Incnbntor*.
\u25a0- MISCELLANEOUS A3IUSE3IENTS.
X 9 1% g~s. JZ?G2Z Breeders* Mealing
fiAWCO SANTA ROSA
AUGUST 16, 17. IS. 10.
SPECIAL EXCURSION
Leaves Tiburon Ferry, foot Market street, at
9 a. m. m. every day; returning leaves ba.ita
Rosa at i P. m.
Fare $1.00 For Round Trip
E. P. HEALD. President.
F. W. KELLEY. Secretary.
BASEBALL!
TAG.OMA vs. OAKLAND
RECBKATION PARK.
FRIDAY - 3:3 ° p * m -
SATURDAY -•••* P- «•
gCNDAY 2:30 p. m.
MISCELLANEOUS.
....THIS..,,
Los Angeles Times
Saa KranHico Ofllc*
I* located la
ROOM 10, CHRONICLE BUILDING
ARTHUR L. FISH, Representative.
If you would do effective advertl3ins
in the \u25a0 Southwest, drop a line to tb»
above address or telephone 'lain 1473
and our representative will be pleased
to call on you with full Information as
to rates, etc.
THE SUNDAY TIMES, with 3S-pasa
magazine. $2.50 a year by malL
am CHICHCSTEa-3 CNCLISH m
Pehhyroyal, pills
> J rtC^flk.-»» chichkstek*sTnglish
KED >a 4 tiold wi»!Uo >i« «;»i
*W — -?*>'*3 »ithblo«rtbbon. Taien. other. Krhw
W *^ W«| Dtnctnat SvkaUtatln* aoJ Imlt*.
I*/ — fir tlaiM^ Baj of your Dni«gUi. or «nl l«. >•
1 C Jy iuap< tor Partl«amra. TmttmsitUl*
l«* Wl »«4" Keller for L«d»e«." ««««•\u25a0. »T "-
_X V t«r» MbII. 1 *,c«« TsMtaoßlsla. SaM ky
"i an Dratf !»u. Ckl«h«ater <h rmle«i C«w
Iwil J Ililii in MiOim »a««">. PUILA-. Yk.
16 Pages^ $1 pep Year \
POSTUM CEREAL.
HEART RIGHT
When He dolt Coffee.
Life Insurance Companies will not ln-
eure a man suffering 1 from heart trou-
ble. The reason is obvious.
This is a serious matter to the hus-
band or father who is solicitous for the
future of his dear ones. Often the heart
-^rouble is caused by an unexpected
fiThlngr and can be corrected If taken in
*time and properly treated. A man
Jn Colorado writes:
"I was a great coffee drinker for
many years, and was not aware of the
lnjuriojis effects of the habit till I be-
came a* practical invalid, suffering from
heart trouble, indigestion and nervous-
ness to an extent that made me wretch-
edly miserable myself and a nuisance
to those who witnessed ray sufferings.
"I continued to drink coffee, however,
not suspecting that it was the cause ot
my in health, till, on applying- for life
insurance, I was rejected on account of
the trouble with my heart. Then I be-
came alarmed. I found thariearfng off
coffee helped me quickly, so I quit ft al-
together and having been attracted by
the advertisements of Postum Food
Coffee I began its use.
"The change In my condition was re*
markable, and it was not long till I
was completely cured. All my ailments
vanished. My digestion was completely
restored, my nervousness disappeared,
and, most Important of all, my heart
steadied down and became normal, and
on a second examination I was accept-
ed by the life insurance company. Quit-
hns Coffee 'and using Postum worked
the cure," Name given by Postum Co.,
Battle Creek, Mich.
There's a reason, and It is explained
In the little, book, "The Road to Well-
villc." in each pkff. ,
MB^M SATURDAY SPECIALS
: -' \ - - .-\u25a0•.-\u25a0• .-•:-..--.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0••.-•\u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0- ... . t— >
oyH«»Noo yH«»No I Saturday's Candies] i
to M only 7 to 10 only
\2OcIWIAUNON, We Yard al^ y la J^ cbo^ ?C [PORT OFT SHERRY WINE \ I
I Pff hi^^SS[fe7r^r% Gum Drops-Regular -price "Xc ' Full quart bottles. Regular I
will- last ; but three hours Doun d Snecial all day Q+ price 40c bottle. Satur-O/#- 5
Saturday.morninsr A fine crrade Sound VC day evenih R special dHC f
30 inches. wide, closely woven, pouna.. j *__*
will \u25a0wash-splendidlv.v Reeular French Mixed Candies. J^f f p/^ ifr>P /wF ,, IU tevv 1
price 20c. Special. I Q> pound *'•'*' BOURBON WHISKY |
\u25a0h - : yard\ ::'. . ; ..v. :•\u25a0\u25a0:::. /.-:-: -ii/fc;- Outlet Cream Soda?se Glass 7 years old, bottle., cc- |
; WOMEN'S MSE WESTS Ss&£go: "'""' ""-"l==,
v In gray only; made of best RAttC 9 I f\nn Pant* WAFERS f
fleeced cotton and cuUiizh neck VUJ3 l.Vliy JOIIIJ Cherry. Raspberry and Straw- ;
. with long, sleeves; worth 35c, • c»»;##< berry flavors. Regular price Ssc *
Saturday morninK. only,, \u25a0ft-- DIMS v | pound. Saturday evening 7Cf *
I each ;...::....\u25a0••••\u25a0•;..^*^V in the lat€st Fall styles . {n aces o{ special, pound JJI |
j — : :: — — — 12 to 19 years. This is our resrular \u25a0 \u25a0 i
CHILDREN'S HOSE : $800 value ; -and fdf an extra i Satur- p£RCALE SHIRTS' I
With doubletoe and heel and fc^ced them'to"' 55.00 In all the new oatterns: they jf
linen knee;! color; Jtruaranteed ha%e reduced them to.. >J/^>vv are cut full and are oerfect fit- J
£ -iast, black;, sizes 6to Q^; An _^ , ting . ss j 2es I 4 to 17 . Regular |
elegant ho?e for school wear. Kfil/C NPW rPYCtiIP P^ce $1.00. Saturday evenine J?
worth 25c pair. ; Soecial^tur^ UU Y* IJX:W Js'^« IC Special, 3 for $i.7.V or. flC r
.daymornm^patr.. J2^C DKSS' ShlftS' I each....1... .;.".....•.. O^C
CUVmSW,S* 5c Yarf | |gg^p j^^SSU
; : , 36 inches wide: -of sheer aval- ..fc^^ broidered. Sizes 0% to u%.
; ; ; -.iity/in- pretty^ stnpe: would be a — — . Regular price 20c pair. Satur- &
! l^^^ng'Siy^ 5c Cigars and Tobacco fe t^&ms We I
i ._. f«iy-f. ~~- ~ Have you seen oar ereat Ciear " 1
?:#?'. VLIUNQb and Tobacco window disDlav? The 1
175 pieces of 50c and 2;c veilines most "remarkable ever shown in $2.50 MEN'S TROUSERS, $
\u25a0"twill" be placed on sale to-day 4 £1- this city or elsewhere. Here are j _ , J,
while they last at. yard.'. .. IVt two sample specials for all day: X] £X S Y%7i\Y ?
: — CUBANOLAS .8 for 25c $> I 9IL +S fJ G1 I ~
'LADIES' NECKWEAR '\u25a0\u25a0 KLSmEW. Second.. ... ..8 for 25c j h j s cv ening we will offer SOO J
.W« Have, made bigr reductions in v \u25a0 \u25a0 jt pairs men's worsted and cheviot g
prices of Ladies' Neckwear, include j]a I y trousers; light and dark col-
Inpr Stocks. Jabots, Collar and Cuff t& jb -.+*•*,,* \u25a0*> ors- aires wni^t to A 2 and
Sets; all (his season's goods. $1.00 JJ| %^<# rf% €7 VTM % iJr£trV<; Siturdav evenine
.and 75c. neckwear reduced to;.. sOc SZS B £U BB H. ji X»F all lengths, baturrtay evenine
50c and 35c neckwear reduced to.i»."»c« & p'^p^rja^r V /\u25bc^ special price, pair C 1 /IK £
2.") c neckwear reduced t0. ..:... J ."><_• '\u25a0r *ty^ \u25a0 *r *\u25a0 **~ fa
15c <and 20c neckwear reduced to.lO<« I m 'ALWAYJ b£UAW* |
Grand Orchestral Concert will take gT /t£A/ffC£7d£*tfQft£<S 3l& IWe carry a full line of Cooks' and
' \u25a0 place as usual this evening. ' w " Waiters' supplies at lowest prices. f
I Save Teeth I
lana M° ne yy^tfe|
Daily From 9 Until 9— Sun- \is B
\u25a0tub Most SKILLFUL DENTISTS in All San Franciscoi
Pour work JJ^ reason-* why plates ki^ ssos m ooo a f ke r^H
Sever, particular. Only the Xj^J^J,^ THAT FIT M
tm best of mateHaU used. ; ,™ ,". !„ " fsr" rubber, flesh colored, aluml- HJ
tm None but graduate dentists H-^ff. *° Other ml , m lineJ - alumlnunv silver. W3
\u25a0 .mployed. No 'student, de^f-"on account of S&R? PIT.T^ GtK H
Mi '\u25a0»- the amount of .ANTBED TO FIT., This de- InH
H We employ \u25a010 operators dentftl work that .. we partm^nt Is in thf> hands of Rtt3
evPr j- man a sldllod and Perform. Our opera- a nktlled mechanic, with L'l BJgi
H9M r,«^.^«/i a ,,ti<it with « torß Are the best <1c "- yara of experience. whoEJH
dentist, with a t ,, ts lQ hp obulnea for dorts nothing but plate work. HS
•SI sruperlor knowledge of some money, thrrefore our lie hus three aswistants, and, KEa
!»» particular part of dentl«-" work la tho best ob- consequently. Is able to give EOT
\u25a0S»rrv «mi you may depend tamable at any price. rbu a perfect fitting plate In 9&&
«H try. and you may aepena second— ln order to the shortest possible time. kSS
t/jnM ui>on it \u25a0 that ; your worK . ,j o your work. we. have. Have your teeth out In theJSJB
jSgm -01.-111 b» as well done as It made it an object for morning and go home wlthgSll
fnm Is possible to do it." and- you' to come to us by new ones at night. Broken Ekj
KM you will not suffer a bit ot cutting the regular plates repaired whll» you E?3
&9 pain,' either. prices for good dentls-i wait. Old plates made -over H3l
raa * try exactly In two. You like new. No charpe for ex- Kraj
Ks§! ray us Just one-half trading teeth when plates &jA
»®CAVr MnNPV ANH whatyouwouldpayanj are onler"d. RKMKMBIOR. i 3
IVIUiIEI Al\U other flm-class dentists WE GIVE A WRITTEN E®
] -y-w. TTTT" TST-CT Third— The lensth of OUARANTKK FOR TKN
m GET THE BEST y™^ Sstff£ l EVKRY II
MSB Unbreakable Plate.. %££*£** . oo u v " r **£[ ESTIMATES , ™ ™ { s M
Hh 94 1' Pure Gold CroVrns. year, guarantee ha* \u25a0 give you an estimate on' your Mgl
Sana <n <.. rt.i 'I>otli nlthout always been adhered teeth.- WE CAN GIVK YOU RSI
USB IMnlfw.- »4.'- rrent factor In the up- SAVE YOU MONEY. JKS
m Pi.lDle*«;E«tra«.tlon. Wb
Ofi lio cliorriire Wh*n PlateW 1 MUjVRUum J0 y«-«my «-«m a* Sixth and Cm
m nreoVrtore,!.. || The Real P Inless Dentists Market. M
I Old Established, Honest, Reliable I
MR Mftkr No Mlstnke In the Locution. •/-«««•,» D^i«««. . M
i//.T>«TfmAAiiffit Van Vroom s, Prices :
(( \/ AM A/TlilillVl'* Painless silver fillings $ .25 up Jgl
E£j V /Vll V irlJUlYl Painless cement fillings 25 up S^
tga ' ***' T *VVTWAT* painless gold fillings... 73 up
Hffi «/\AI M«HITAt Cia^.i Painless gold crown, 22k 3.50 up »l
Vm IUUI iHarKCI OITCCI Paintess porcelain crowns.... 3..W up MM
MM — ,-, ty -" am.'' «• Painless bridßQ work per tooth 3.50 uv> fiTJi
B S. W. COr. SlXtb Full sot of. teeth. .4.00 up | ggl
\u25a0 J.A,Ki|ISERjD;D.S. LADY ATTENDANTS \u25a0Third of These Much-Liked
Games to Be Played on
Alameda Ground Sunday
EAST VS. WEST OF BAY
Henry Ward "Will Captain
Easterners and Charles
Banner the City Dwellers
The third match between teams
'//ort&
CRICKET FIELD
FOR VETERANS
SPORTS '
BEAPFOINTED i COMMISSIONER. — Henry
L. Ford '•\u25a0 has * been \ reappointed 5 United ' State?
Commissioner at Eureka. Kumboldt County.
: BENNICKSEN; RELEASED .— Jens H. Ben
nlcksen.:, under arrest .for, perjury , in \u25a0 connection
with the | fraudulent' naturalization |of | Edward
N. v ; Jepsen,, was '\u25a0 released j yesterday- by * United
States Commissioner ' Heacock : on $3000 ' bonds.'
'\u25a0-\u25a0 PURSB i- SNATCHED FROM *•- HER— Whilt
Mrs. C. : E.\s Edwprds,"v whose « husband 1' Is a
newspaperman, was • standing:- in . front I of New
man I & Levlnaon's , store ; on > Kearny street yea
terday. afternoon ' her . purse containing- , $10 .was
snatched : out."o f 3 heri hand.^.' lt -t was » done ?so
quickly, and - there were , so many ; people around
that she was unable to detect th« thief. . \u25a0
Seattle Golfers In the Finals.
CHICAGO. Aug. 18.— The finals for
the Exmoor golf tournament cup will
he played to-morrow between Clingman
and F. C. Newton of Seattle. Wash, the
latter having defeated 12. E. GUes, the
Pittsburg player, to-day, who disposed
of H. Chandler fegan yesterday. Giles
was outclassed, and the Seattle mat*
rvron an easy contest, 4 up. 2 to nlav.
SCOTTISH BOWLERS TO MEET
FOR YEAR'S CHA3IPIOXSHIP
George Roberts, sentenced to nine
and: a half years in : State Prison by
Judge Lawlor for "bunkoing- a . fellow
gambler out of $80, has been granted a
new. trial by the Court of Appeals.
Roberts to Have Nevr Trial.
;.," Eight boys, whose ages range , from
13 tp 18 years, Were' arrested yesterday
by,; Policemen Silver and; O'Connor and
booked at the ; City. Prison on a charge
of burglary. j;They.J are 4 accused ,of
breaking, into , a ' shooting gallery at 513
Pacific street on Tnursday morning and
stealing a quantity;'of" tobacco : and
cigarettes. Their^ names lj are*.' Louis
Bettancourt^. Charles [\u25a0 Ralnzo, Joseph
Gargullo," Pete Calmagno. Edward
Flynn,*! Edward ' Gatt 1, j Frank Calmagno
and- Louis [Zuro/ r;The';last • four named
owing ;to their ages, * were sent to ? tho
Detention-Home: ; . . '
Boys Charged With Burglary.
James Humphreys was discharged
yesterday by United States Commis
sioner Heacock, there being no evi
dence to convict him of the charge of
having smuggled two. tons of • coal
which had been unloaded by the Brit
ish ship County of Inverness. Before
he left the courtroom Humphreys was
rearrested by a policeman, on a " war
rant charging him with larceny."
Humphreys had been chief stevedore
of the ship. On August 10, after the
customs officials had left the wharf, he
and a man who' was not identified
drove up in a wagon belonging \u25a0to G.
McCorkle, shoveled two tons; of coal
into it and drove away. The wagon
was pursued and Humphreys was ar
rested, but his companion escaped. The
prisoner offered Captain Gray of the
ship $8 to let him off, but the offer was
not accepted. • ' \u25a0-./!. ;Mv-- \u25a0;•'
No Evidence That Two Tons of Coal
He Had Taken Had Been Clan
destinely Landed,
HUMPHREYS NOT SMUGGLER,
BUT CHARGED WITH THEFT
United States; Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday Issued, a, temporary, restrain
ing order In the suit of the: Mammoth
Copper Mining Company of ->- Maine : vs.
Charles Butters; and ordered "the de
fendant to show-cause -on ' August: 28
why an Injunction pendente' lite should
not be Issued. The defendant lis re
strained from carrying In Butters'
ditches and flumes across the property
of ; the complainant, more . . than '••\u25a0: one
fourth of a cubic foot ; per : second vof
water. The water, supplies the .inhab
itants of the neighboring town of Ken
nett, the "complaint : averring; that;one
thirtieth of a cubic foot per second is
ample for. that purpose, : but that -the
actual flow is • fifteen 'cubic - feet per
second, the' most; of 'which, the" com
plainant avers, is wasted: Flt is alleged
that' the flumes ' are leaky, and that \ the
unnecessarily ; t large i flow; ! of .water en
dangers the smelter, .which the company
is. building at;a' cost 0f ;. 5500,000.^- The
property: is in Shasta County. •
Charles Batters Restrained From Car
rying; Too' Much Water Across
Corporation's Land. ' \u25a0
MORE TROUBLE IN COPPER
MINE IN SHASTA COUNTY
The final match for the Scottish
t»>wllng championship for 1805 will be
played this afternoon on the park
green. The contestants will be A. A.
Me Vicar and ex-Champion J. C. Moffatt.
The latter lost his title to Dr. Hamil
ton last year and Is determined to re
gain it this afternoon. McVlcar, who is
also an expert bowler, figures it out
differently and will do his utmost to
win the coveted title. He has not been
as prominent in past tournaments as
Moffatt, but his bowling of late has
been well up to the standard. The
game will be called at 2:30.
M. L. Crowe* was the first champion;
Y. C. Lawson, the second; J. C Moffatt.
the third; Dr. Hamilton, the fourth, and
Moffatt or Me Vicar will be the fifth.
Several matches in the Lawson cup
tournament will also be played this
afternoon.
Contestants on the Golden Gate Park
Green Will Be A. A. McVlcar ,
nnrt J. C. Moffatt.
; .There is an' excellent track at Reno,
and if the necessary^ license ; is secured
additional stalls for 250, 'horses i, would
be built ; at : ojice. ,' Competent • officials
would be appointed_and the" rules ; would
be enforced as on \ti\ metropolitan' track.'
The ring, would b'e'open to all reputable
bookmakers, no ; syndicate betting being
allowed. .The : purses ;: would .average
$250,. with some 'tit $500 and atJIOOO.
V. The :; . meeting, would . continue for
either,' twenty or twenty- five (days.^-The
association 'W- will -:\u25a0 • guarantee* low,; rates
of : . fare } tromi al i ] points I for I horses I and
attendants. i Unlimited backing^ls guar
anteed * the proposed , meeting, and "' Its
success is assured. ;V-" V -
He has enlisted. the services of Har
ry Lowden,; ex-secretary ;of the, Cali
fornia State. Agricultural 1 Society, who
Is. wideiy known, to the horsemen of
this coast, Mr. 1 \u25a0 Lowden has • already,
placed the machinery : in : motion* by
which j a | license- may; be obtained from
the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, the gov
erning body, of the "sporf fon> this .coast
Owing to the energy 'displayed by
Senators Flannigan and Nixon of Ne
vada/there is every promise of a race
meeting at Reno , to j open' the week
after the State Fair at Sacramento. Sen
ator .' Flannigai:, who is the president
of .the State Agricultural Society, of
Nevada, is backed in this movement by
the leading citizens of Nevada.
Unlimited Backing Is Avail
able at Berio for Twenty-
Five l)ays of the Sport
- .The . firm had -, received /several com
plaints jj f romi customers and finally the
police .were notified. Among, other vic
tims ;were Mrs.r Miller, • 3632 Nineteenth
street,' who had : a . purse containing $7
stolen . and Mrs. Drake, 1483 Oak street,
who, missed .'a J5 "gold piece. -Mrs. Du
venich,* 214 Guerrero | street, : : lost a gold
pin, but after, she made her complaint
to : the flrni ; Duncan i returned it, saying
he "i had • found ': It among, r the . carpets.
Duncan has been employed; by the firm
for about a. year. . • -- .
' Charles L. Duncan, a ' teamster em
ployed by Hampton & Bailly, National
Carpet Beating .'Works, ,846 , Church
street, was arrested - yesterday by , De
tectives Riordan and Bailey and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of grand
larceny. The officers had: procured a
search warrant and at Duncan's home,
1034 \u25a0 Geary street, they recovered from
his wife - a pair . of diamond •, earrings
valued vat $200 .which were stolen by
Duncan on May 27 from Mrs. I. Me-
Cord, 1108 Fulton street, while remov
ing her carpets to be cleaned, g
Charles L. Duncan, Teamster for Car
pet Cleaning^ Works, Arre«te« on
Grand Larceny Charge.
WOMEN COMPLAIN OF LOSING
VALUABLE JEWELRY AND COIN
NEVADA SEEKS
RACE MEETING
The officials having In charge the
California coursing Futurity for grey
hounds have decifled .to postpone the
running of this stake for one week.
It was originally set for the Admls- |
sion day holidays, but will now be held |
on September 16 and 17. \u25a0\u25a0
Ari entry of at least forty-eight pup
pies is expected and the number may
run up to flfty-slx. It Is the opinion
of veteran coursing men that the class
of this stake will be higher than, in any
previous year. Some of the eligible
youngsters are already running in
ohampion stakes and when the Fu
turity 'is reached - there will be some
sensational competition.
The trials in the Grand National
stakes at Union Park to-morrow will
be between Agile Spurt and Freeport."
The likely winners in the other stakes:
Class reserve— Tralea's Best. MI Ami(O,
Pasha Pleasant, Blaze, Tb« Referee. Flower
Olrl. Pomona, taicy Clalr. . • ,
Reserve stake — Preato, Real American, Lulu
Girl Bon Ami, Young Johnny Rex: Jim Lamb,
Four Pair, Colored Lady. Ennls, Young Kerry
Pippin, Wild Gus, Shot Gun, La Garcia. Rio,
Ina Ctusus. : Tom Fitz, Lamcre Eel. Texas
Jill,. Sea' Lion. Northern Flier. Wild Bella.
Fiery Baden, Lady Honesty, Younff Pepper.
Auntie Tralee. Fiery Cross. Queen's Beauty.
J R Fiery Rock. Terra Cotta. -Antrua Ctssus,
Happy Lad. Clean. Tralee Girl. Blue Craig.
Th« Old Peach.
The open stake will be run In Its en
tirety to-day at Ingleside Park. The
card for to-morrow will consist of a
champion event and a reserve stake.
The likely winners:
. Champion " stake — Young Fearless. . Gambit,
La Rosa. Silver Heels.' lulta. ' Foxhunter.
Reserve stake — Loretta, Race King. Galves
ton,' Red \u25a0 Pepper, Evea \u25a0G, \u25a0 Snapper Garrison,
Prometheus, Prlnj Fellow. Pony Capital, R W.
Royal Friend. Homer . Boy. \u25a0 Orslna, Annie
Ryne, Butte City, Conroy. May Tunlson, Llt
tla Plunger. Doc Burns, Icellus, Fair Flying,
Doretta Daisy Rocket, May S.
Open 'stake — Sunny- Shore, Queen's Motto.
Concord Boy. Fontenoy, Golden Buck. Cava
lette. Miss : Gambit, Peerless Polly. 1 Dorothy
M. Pagllacct.- Rye. Black Wizard. Peerlesa
Beauty. ' Blue Dillon. Paul Kruger. BUI
Rocket - Black Garter. Commercial Traveler.
Young Mollle R, Reckless Rose. Kins: V.
Eleanor B. ' Irma. Hotfoot. Brindle -Flyer.
Edward Wagrar, Mobile Carriage Com
pany, Sncan Out "Warrant* for
Tlielr Arrest. "^
Edward Wagar, who is employed as
a watchman for the Mobile Carriage
Company, Golden Gate avenue and
Gough street, obtained warrants from
Police Judge Fritz yesterday for the ar
rest of Robert Howard, Fred Swentzel,
"John Doe" Lee, "John Doe" Scribner
and two other "John Does" on a charge
of grand larceny. They are accused of
stealing an automobile about 1:30
o'clock yesterday morning.
The automobile had been stored with
the company by a man named Scott,
acting as agent for a woman who had
invested $500 in it, but desired to dis
solve the partnership existing between
her and two chauffeurs. An applica
tion was made to the bond and war
rant clerk on Thursday by the chauf
feurs for a search warrant to recover
possession of the machine, but it was
refused.
About 1:30 o'clock yesterday morn-
Ing Wagar heard the "toot, toot," of
an automobile outside the garage and
opened the doors. Six chauffeurs, four
of whom he knew, made straight for
the disputed automobile and, jumping
into it, set it in. motion. Wagar and
two others interfered and they were
beaten and routed by the, six, who rode
out of the garage with the machine.
There was another machine outside and
three of them Jumped into it and the
sextet soon disappeared along the
avenue.
SIX CHAUFFEURS ACCUSED
OF STEALING AUTOMOBILE
FUTURITY DATE
IS CHANGED
Int«T«-MliiK ond l'lctiir<v(|uo Competi
tion I£xpeeted To-Morrovr nt
Sprerkels Lake.
The semi-annual race for the Dickie
perpetual challenge cup will be held by
the San Francisco Model Yacht Club
to-morrow at 1:30 o'clock on Spreckels
Lake, Golden Gate Park. The Cricket,
owned by Mose London, is the holder,
having won the trophy twice consecu
tively. In the competition against the
Cricket will be the winners of the in
termediate regattas — J. Brannan's Alice
and Louis Petersen's Stella.
Three heats will be sailed and to the
boat scoring the most points will go
the much coveted trophy. The winner
of each heat will be credited with four
points; second, three points, and third,
two points. The boats will start fifteen
seconds apart. The Cricket will receive
a time allowance of seven seconds from
the Stella and eleven seconds from the
Alice. The boats will sail over the
windward course, which measures
about 1000 feet.
All three models are first-class
sloops, measuring between forty-five
and fifty inches. The three boats met
In the Intermediate regatta last Sun
day and the Stella carried off the
honors, beating the Cricket In the
finals in three straight heats. The
Stella has set a record recently for
consecutive pennant wins, having
scored three In threo weeks. She is sec
ond to the speedy veteran Imp, owned
by H. London. The latter has won six
pennants; the Stella, five; the Cricket,
four; the Alice, one, and the Spreckels,
one.
\u25a0 FITZPATRICK'S SENTENCE POSTPONED.
When James E. \u25a0 Fitzpatrick. clubman, miner
and cracksman, convicted of burglary for rob
binc the telephone box in the office of Herman
Albert. 1765 Waller street, appeared before
Judge Cook t for sentence yesterday Attorney
Orady made a motion for a new trial. He said
there waa some newly discovered evidence. Th«
caee f was continued \u25a0 till " Monday, \u25a0 wh«n • tha
motion will b» argued, '
The second encounter took place on
j Sunday. July 16. on the Alameda
i ground and was won by Charles Ban-
I ner's team, which scored a total ol 193
j runs, the chief contributors being Strat
ton (88). J. J. Theobald (78) and
Shand (21 not out). Henry Ward's
{team scored 115 runs. Saunders mak
j ing ten. Lowe thirty-five. Ward nine
teen. Tiedemann ten and Auld ten.
Irish, Stratton, Banner and Brown took
the wickets of Ward's team, while
Saunders, Lowe, Ward and Tiedemann
captured the wickets of Banner's
eleven. The westerners, captained by
Banner, won by eighty-three runs.
In last Sunday's match the San Fran
cisco County team scored 166 runs, tho
chief contributors to this total being
Harold B. Richardson (62). E. M Peter
sen (17). H. F. Pepys (12), L. E. Du
quesne (13). TV.W. Tetley (14) and
Henry Roberts (26 not out). As the
Alameda eleven had scored 102' San
Francisco County won by sixty-four
runs. The principal scorers for Ala
meda were L. H. Wheatley (15). W. H
McXaughton (15). F. J. Croll (25) and
B. Bird (14). Lafferty and Peters**
took three wickets each, Roberts and
, Richardson two each. Petersen's cost-
Ing, only seven runs. Seven Alameda
bowlers were tried. Croll and HaroM
Ward taking three wickets each and
B. Bird and McNaushtoa on* apiece.
veteran cricketers representing tha
east and. the west sides of San Fran
cisco Bay will be played to-morrow on
the ground at Webster street, Alameda.
The western team will be captained by
Charles Banner, a veteran whose name
is still on the roll of active members
of the Alameda Cricket Club, while' tha
eastern eleven will have as Its skipper
Henry Ward, president of the California
Cricket Association and also of tha
Alameda Cricket Club.
The teams will be selected from tha
following list, regard being had to tha
, side of the bay on which they reside:
A. E. Acklom. J. Addtson. A. E. Allken,
I. Anderson. Captain Auld. Charles
I Banner, J. U. Bird. H. E. Boulton, H.
W. Brown. R. Marsh-Browne. Henry
Dixon. Tallesln Evans, Edwin Hood.
Charles B. Hill, Dr. William J. Hors
ford. C. W. Irish, R. Jones. Norman
Logan. J. Lowe. W. H. HcNaughton.
James, Purdy, H. C. Ramsey. Captaia
Rogers. J. H. Saunders. I. H. Spiro.
A. O. Sheath, -E. J. Stratton, T. J. A,
Tiedemann. T. W. Tetley. J. J. Theo
bald, Henry. Ward, Captain Wlldin*
and George Wiseman.
The* first veterans' match ot tha
season was played on Sunday. June 4.
It was a double innings game and was
won by Henry Ward's team with six
wickets to spare. Peterson (30). J. H.
Turner (11) and Roberts (10) were tha
chief scorers on Banner's side, while on
Henry Ward's team the best scores
were made by Norman- Logan (13), J.
H. Saunders (retired after making
twenty-seven runs) and J. Lowe (14).
Ward and Saunders bowled through^
out for the easterners, while Banner*
Irish and Theobald trundled for tho
westerners.
MODEL YACHTS WILL, RACE
FOR DICKIE CH.VLLEXGK CUP
California is again to the fore with a
sensational light harness horse,' the
new wonder being Zolock, the son of
McKlnney. He won the 2:09 class pace
at Santa Rosa yesterday, his fastest
mile being 2:o7 }£.
After pacing two heats at Fresno,
each in 2:O5Vi. his owner was asked
to place a price on him. He did so,
naming $50,000 as the figure at which
he was willing to part with his great
horge. Were it not for the unsettled
condition of racing in the' East he
would' surely be purchased there. Zo
lock is ten years old. He is dark bay
in color, stands 15.3 hands in height
and weighs about 1200 pounds.
While he is believed to be capable of
showing two-minute speed, what en
hances his value 'is the fact that his
progeny can also show extreme speed.
Only three of them, have been handled
and. they", are all fast. Ambush, which
had a mark of 2:20 as a two-year-old,
has reduced this to 2:14%. Delilah, a
daughter, won the two-year-old pacing
division of the Paciflc'Coast Futurity
Stakes of 1904. She won at Fresno
recently in 2:14.
SENSATIONAL. PACER WHICH
WON 2:09 CLASS STAKES YES
TERDAY AT SANTA ROSA.
To-day and to-morrow are -open dates
on the programes of both the San Fran
cisco and the Corinthian yacht clubs,
The Corinthian yachts Speedwell,
Genesta and Truant, which have been
on the annual cruise up the Sacramento
River during the past week, will re
turn to-morrow to their moorings in
Tiburon Cove. On board the flagship
Speedwell are Commodore T. Jennings.
E. Howard, F. E. Schober and Charles
Gerlach. On the yawl Truant are ex-
Commodore John W. Pew, Charles Bar
rett and J. Stack. On the sloop Genesta
are Vice Commodore J. C. Brickell,
Charles Morrell, H. Dimond, J. Donni
gan and J. O'Brien.
It. ls high water at 2:39 p.m. to-day
at Fort Point. To-morrow It is low
water at 8:22 a. m. at Fort Point and
high water at 3:08 p .m \u0084 so that it will
be easy to reach any point on the up
per bay. A return to moorings, though
it may be somewhat late if the wind
drops, Is assured, as the' tide runs out
till 9:08 p. m. to-morrow night.
Commodore W. G. Morrow of the San
Francisco Yacht Club returned on Tues
day from a trip to Southern California.
In his absence the flagship Challenger
remained at her moorings last Sunday
and the flagship for the day was Vice
Commodore J. M. Punnett's sloop Cur
lew. As neither the Curlew nor Port
Captain T. Kennedy' 3 yawl Witch
reached the Petaluma drawbridge last
Saturday night, the fleet was unaccom
panied by any flag officer.
N. H. Neustadter of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club, who chartered the
sloop Amlgo from J. S. Mattoon of the
Corinthian Yacht Club, has bought the
fast boat, which will now be enrolled
permanently in the Sausallto fleet.
Next Saturday, the 26th inst,, the
fleet of the San Francisco Yacht Club
will cruise up to Vallejo and on the
27th will hold a handicap race 'down
to Sausalito. In these races the regatta
committee allots such handicaps as the
previous performances of the. boats in
dicate, and though these races have 'a
considerable element of luck about
them in the "matter of picking up fa
vorable breezes, they always excite con
siderable interest and competition. Dr.
T. L. Hill's sloop Queen, Maino and
Boland's sloop' Minnetonka, Marteland
Blair's sloop Surprise are on, the beach
at South Sausalito, where they will re
ceive a scraping and cleaning, with a
view to making their best speed in the
handicap race. *'.'\u25a0"
The yawl Tramontana, chartered for
the season by Roy, C Ward and Harry,
S. Bridge, was back at her 'Sausalito
moorings last Sunday. Ward and
Bridge spent a week- aboard her In
Tiburon Cove with their families.
The new motor boat Union, owned by
G. W. Kneass (who built her hull), W.
L. Corson, E. G. Roberts ; and W. G.
Barlow, Is 44 feet over all, with 6% feet
beam. She has a forty-five-horsepower
Union gas engine and. made more. than 1
twenty miles per hour on her trial
trip in the bay last Sunday. She easily
overtook and passed ahead of the ferry
boat Cazadero, bound from Sausalito
to San Francisco. In making a turn
her rudder carried away, but a tem
porary rudder made from a pole and
the top of a wooden borenabled her to
reach Sausalito.
The Corinthians made Army. Point on
their annual cruise last Saturday.
The members of the Automobile Club
of Southern California recently held a
run from Los Angeles to Santa Barbara,
which' was (bo successful that they now
want to have a trip to San Francisco.
They hope to interest the San Fran
cisco dealers In the plan. The run
will be arranged to take four days:
first day from Los Angeles to San
ta Barbara;, second day, from Santa
Barbara to San Luis Obispo; third day,
from San Luis Obispo to Salinas; fourth
from Salinas to San Francisco. The
shortest day's run being 110 miles and
the longest 148 miles, an average of about
126 miles per day would have to be cov
ered.,, '*;>.;\u25a0 k''-~-':'
Therevare no signs of a meet at Del
Monte under the management of the
Automobile Club of California, but \he
executive committee of the club has
its sanction for three races to be held
at the automobile,' cycle and motor-cycle
tournament on the Ingleside track on
Sunday, September 3. There will be
a one-mile event free for all, a three
mile race for stock cars costing not more
than 51500 and a', five-mile contest for
stock cars costing" not more than $3500.
It was intended to bring Earl Klser, the
famous racer, . to . the . meet,
but his recent almost fatal accident will
preclude his coming. An effort is being
made to engage Eddie Bald, the old bicy
cle, champion, who has been doing some
fast work in his automobile on circular
tracks lately. Bald is believed to be de
sirous to come to San Francisco and, if
he does so, will bring with him his
Columbia car, of 30-35 horsepower, which
he has driven In all the track and hill
climbing events in which he has taken
part. In this car he recently, made a
world's record for five miles in a stock
touring machine. ;
The members of the San Francisco
Motor-cycle Club will take part In sev
eral events held under the sanction of the
Federation of American Motor-cyclists.
Last fall there was for some time much
talk of an endurance run fron San Fran
cisco to Los Angeles and back, or from
L"6s \u25a0 Angeles to this city and return, to
be undertaken jointly' by. the automobile
clubs of California and Southern Cali
fornia. L. P. Lowe, chairman of the
executive committee of the. Automobile
Club of California, took a trial trip from
this city to the southern metropolis in
his White car, making careful and min
ute observations of the condition of the
road surfaces, the grades and other mat
ters of interest to motorists. On his re
turn he prepared an exhaustive report.
It did not, however, prove possible to
interest enough owners or sellers of
automobiles to make it worth while to
hold the event.
RIVER CRUISE
ENDS TO-DAY
AUTOS PLAN
THREE EVENTS
The annual coast championship tourna
ments will commence on the Hotel Ra
fael courts on September 2. Play will
continue to the afternoon of the 9th. Now
that the presence of Champion May Sut
ton and numerous other .clever players
from Southern California is assured, the
coming events are attracting the atten
tion of every follower of the game on the
coast and of many who have never seen
a tennis match, while Miss Sutton will
prove the center of attraction.
The enthusiasts in this part of the
State figure the presence of ex-Champion
Bell will make the men's events even
more Interesting than the women's.
Tho contingent from this city will pin
its' faith to Fred Adams, the clever young:
player who has" come to the front with
a rush. Adams is undoubtedly the
strongest player here and has a chance
of beating Bell. Many of Adams' admir
ers at the park figure he could beat
Champion MacGavin's game of last year.
Adams, who early in the year was a third
class player, has surely oroken all rec
ords for rapid ascensions, but it is doubt
ful if he classes with men like Mac-
Gavin as yet. If he beats Bell in the
coming tournament he will have estab
lished his right to rank with the best
players in the country. If Adams im
proves in the next year as he has in the
last few months he should outclass any
player on the coast. His forehand drive
is similar to May Sutton's, but it is even
more effective. As yet Adams has not
quite the control shown by Miss Sutton,
but he more than makes up for it in
speed. His back-hand is rather weak and
his volleying a little uncertain. Other
wise he plays almost a perfect game.
His service, drive, lob and smash are
all first class. It will be a great match
when he and Bell come together, as they
are almost sure to do.
On the park courts play will be re
sumed in the second and third classes.
In the former but one match remains to
be played. In it Darius Hotchkiss will be
opposed to Fritz Guerin. Hotchklss is a
pronounced favorite, as he has had con
siderable more experience - than his op
ponent, who but recently graduated from
the tnird class.
In the third class five matches will be
played. Martin will play the winner of
the Hall-Miller match in the semi-finals.
The other semi-rinal match will be be
tween Kahn and the winner- of the Getz-
Guerln match.
The following players have already en
tered, the i.umbtr after each name signi
fying- the probable classification:
Herbert lajiie »1). C. G. Kufhn <3). Henry
Mills <:>), Dr. Lovegrove Oi). Major l>ucat (.4),
Melvilu- Long <-'). A. E. Beyfuss (2). A. E.
Black (3). Albert Kenyon O. H. E. Punnett
(3). W. <I. Knowlton 13). B. K. Nourse (2).
Harry Ko!!e (1). HerH-rt Schmidt (1), Carl
Gardner »1). tieorge Janps (1), Ray Cornell
il). Dr. Xnble <4). Gfoiße Busch (1), P. V.
White ii). G: G. Browne t4).
Many of the tracks have returned to
town and the most Interesting competi
tion held on the club coutts In several
months is anticipated.
Both the California Tennis Club courts
and the park courts will be occupied to
morrow with tournament play. The club
members will meet in a class singles
tournament, while the public court play
ers will complete the three-class -singles
event which was commenced last Sunday.
The California Club event is attracting
unusual attention and the entry list —
which contains more than twenty names
—will undoubtedly be a record-breaker.
Tho first-class cup is held by ~ Herbert
Long, the third-class cup by Moulten
Warner, and .the fourth by Ed Bacon.
Nourt-e was the only entrant in the sec
ond-class ar.d should have been given the
cup. This class will be larger to-morrow,
but if there is only one player in it he
will receive the trophy.
The executive committee of the asso
ciation for the northern group of clubs
consists of Mrs. R. Gilman Brown, Mrs.
\Y. G. Miller and Miss Edith Chesebrough
of San Francisco; Mrs. P. E. Bowles and
Mrs. H. H. Sherwood of the Claremont
Country Club; Mrs. W. George of Sacra
mento and Mrs. Le Roy Nickel of Menlo
Park. The executive committee for the
southc-rn group is made up of Miss Ada
N. Smith and Mrs. A. Reynolds of San
Diego; Mrs. C. M. Shannon, Mrs. Edward
D. Silent and Mrs. W. T. Bishop of Los
Angeles; Mrs. b\ W. Seymour of Redondo
and Mrs. E. S. Hunter of Pasadena.
The executive committee of the south
ern division of clubs will, select eight
ladies, who will meet the same number
selected by the northern committee In a
team match, to be played on the course
of the San Francisco Golf and Country
Club during the tournament to be held
November 16 to IS. The championship of
the association will be decided at the
meet, the winner receiving the gold medal
and the runner-up the silver medal of the
association. Mixed foursomes will also
be played under the management of Mrs.
R Gilman Brown, the secretary-treasurer
of the California Women Golfers' Associa
tion.
Work is also being done light along
oil the new course and club-house ot
the San Francisco Golf and Country
Club near Lake Merced. Some of the
holes may be played now, but others are
not yet ready tor play, it will probably
be near the end of September before the
houhewarming ot the ingleside Club
quarters and the opining tournament are
held. Meanwhile the members of the
San Francisco (Joif and Country Ciub
have been invited to make use of the
club-house and course oi yie Claremont
Country Club.
The Ciilifo.nia Women Golfers' Asso
ciation, which held its fourth handicap
tournament on the Jinks of the Unda
Vista <Joif Club on Wednesday, has been
greatly helped in its work in the south
ern part of the Jitate by some of the
men members of the Jxjs Angeles Coun
try Club, who have shown much interest
in the woik of Mrs. C. M. Shannon, the
ass-istant secretary of the association.
M"rt. Shannon has worked hard for the
association and has won tne goodwill
of so many of the well-known ladies of
Lios Angeles that It is probable all the
golf clubs of Southern California will
join The association. It Is likely the
October tournament of the association
for the southern division will be held on
the links of the San Gabriel Golf Club,
which has recently become a member of
the association and is said to have the
prettiest course in Southern California.
New members arc being enrolled in the
Presidio Golf Clßb and trie work of fur
nishing the dub-house and putting the
grounds surrounding it in order is pro
trcssiiig. About the middle, of Septem
ber, if the club-house and course are in
suitable condition, a formal opening of
the club quarters and an initial tourna
ment wjII be hold.
Affairs will be quiet among the golfers
of San Francisco until the fcurth of
September, on which day the annual goU
tournament at Del Monte begins, ihe
scheduled competitions will be completed
on the afternoon of the 9th, unless a
tie or ties should remain to be played
off later.
Winner of Principal Event
Will Be Woman Champion
of State for Year 1905
LADIES PLAN MEETING
San Francisco Golf Club
May Hold House- Warming
Some Time in September
Their Struggle for Cham
pionship Honors in Sep
tember Is Promising
BELL-ADAMS MEETING
Unusual Interest Is Shown
ill the. Class Singles
Event at California Club
TWO-MINUTE SPEED CLAIMED FOR THE SON OR McKINNEY
QUIET SEASON
ON THE LINKS
TENNIS PLAY
ATTRACTS MANY
PRICE SET UPON ZOLOCK IS $50,000
CALIFORNIA PACER IS A WONDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL', SATURDAY, AUGUST 19, 1905.
10Anarchist Hans* Himself.
BOTZEN. Tyrol, Austria, Aug. 18. —
Jorl, the anarchist who was arrested
while mediating' an attempt on the life
of Emperor Francis Joseph during the
Emperor's forthcoming visit to Botzen.
hanged himself in prison to-day. When
arrested he had two revolY«r« aa.4 a
bomb.
THREE STRAIGHT FOR SEALS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18. — News that the
sugar rate war between Eastern,. Wes
tern and Gulf line railroads, which was
proceeding to a harmonious settlement
last week, is to be continued was made
public here to-day. The names of the
dissenting railroads were not learned,
but Eastern • lines are understood to
have cast many of the negative bal
lots.
Expected Settlement Between Compet
ing: Eastern, Western and Gulf
Line» Fails to .Materialize.
LOS ANGELES. An*. IS. — An Indus
trial' home for the housing and keep
ing of unfortunates ts to be built In
Los Angeles by the Salvation Army at
a cost of . $60,000. according to an an
nouncement made to-day. Th« order
from headquarters to begin work on
the new establishment comes as a re
sult of Commander Eva Booth's recent
visit to this city. The structure, which
will be located on San Pedro street,
near the Junction of Los Angeles and
First, will be of brick and three stories
in height.
RAILROADS TO CONTINUE
THEIR, SUGAR RATE WAR
The world's record of, 140. feet is held
by H. C. Golcher.- of San Francisco.
Walter. D. Mansfield of .the same city
cast 144 feet In. a public exhibition in
1903. . ''-,' ; .. .' .-;
' CHICAGO, Aug. 18."— E..F. Mills 'of
New York"won the diamond trophy for
long distance fly casting here to-day
against eleven competitors in the Chi
cago Fly Casting Club* tournament at
Garfleld Park. ' Mills' distance was 119
feet 8 Inches. \ :; ? y -'/'.:
Flycastera In Competition.
LOS ANGELES TO HAVE
HOME FOR ITSTFORTUXATES
In the third night's play of the duck
pin tourney held on the Ferris Hartman
alleys, some great bowiing was/ done.
A large attendance was on hand lust
nigfct to see the duck-pin stars at play.
Arthur Thorpe was high for the after
noon, while William Jefferys was high
\u2666or tho night. Thorpe also had the
h;'»rh«st score: A hern 276, Gastle 282.
Ffeffer "65. Reside 249, Airgertis 254,
Gilson -90. Williams 294. Jefferys SO4,
Pose '212. Dr. Kelly 265, Bailey 305. Mc-
Crcady 254. Nonpin 264. Carfiold 287. H.
Keily 279, Gluck 210. Drossl 265, Thorpe
Sl2. Roffin 206, Clarke 2SO, Ramsner 264,
Burdick 235.
Bowler Tborpe Ila* Hljrh Score.
• 2:24 class trotting-, three In five: purae |1000
— Albert C won third, fourth and fifth, heats.
Time. 2:14%. 2:15. .2:17£. Gateway won flrst
and second heats. Time. 2:l2Vi. 2:14%.- Lea
Wycktlffe was third. Renal. Sister Collette
and Claude also started.
Free for all trotting, two in i three;, the
Poughkeepste Stakes. 5150O— Tiverton won in
two straight heats. Time, 2:OTH. 2:ot>}4.
George G was second. McKlnley third. . Sweet
Marie also started. \u25a0
2:13 class trotting-, three In five; purse $1000
— Chorti Boy won in three straight heats. Time.
2:15%. 2:12^4, 2:10?£; Lizzie G was second.
Pat , T third. . Martha ' also started. ' Balla -Dl
dt&tanced. ... "
2:06 class pacing, two in three; purse $1000
— Baron Grattan won first and third heats.
Time, 2:041 i. 2:04?*. Frank Yokum won sec
ond heat in 2:04?4. Ecstatic was third. Black
Hal distanced. . HHMWq
POUGHKEEPSIE, N. V.. Aug. 18. —
For the third time this week the trot
ting race record of the track was brok
en, the new mark of 2:06& being made
by Tiverton in the f ree-f or-aIL This
race, the most Important of the meet
ing,, brought out the Grand Circuit riv
als, Tiverton and Sweet Marie. Sum
mary:
THIRD RACE— TrotUng; 2:13 class; purse'
$800:
Dr. Hammond, by Charle* Derby-
Belle (Chadbourne) 12 11
Robizola, by Robin-Myrtle (Abies). 2 5 2 2
Princess, Ly Engineer- Belle (White
head) 3 1 4 3
LieKe, by Lobasco-Raven (Groom). 4 34.4
H. D. B.; by Arthur Holt (Wright) 6 4 3 5
Lady MadSeon. by James Madison
(Ward) • Dis
Time— 2:liy 4 , 2:13%. 2:13.
TIVERTOX SETS A RECORD C.,-
FOR' POUGHKEEPSIE TRACK
; Struck out— rßy Es'slck'B,' by Henley a. 'Bases
on balls— Off .Henley \u0084 2. Two-base - hit-
Mitchell. - Three-base, hit— Householder. - Double
plays — Eesick to. Mitchell to McLean (2); Hen-
Icy to Nealon to Shea.' Sacrifice hit— Wheeler.
Stolen ' bases— Hlldebrand (2), \u25a0' Nealon, \u25a0 Spencer."
Left lon I basest-Portland ' 2,- J San ' Francisco 3.
Passed ' : ball — lloLean.'-;' Time of -; \game,' \u25a0 one
hour ; and .twenty^ minutes.- ; Ump|re.;l)avi* ; - >
SUMMARY.
. Totals. ..V...29 0 5 27 12: 2
SAN .-FRANCISCO. '
\u25a0 : ' • AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Waldro*. c. t. :..... i... 4 0-1 1 0 0
Wheeler, 2 b 3 10 4 2 1
Hlldebrand. 1. t... . j J J Tin
lnvln, 3 b... 4 0 0 1 1 0
Nealon, 1 b.. .....: 3 1V 2 11 • , 2 0
Spencer, r." f ............ » p 1 1; 0 0
Gochnauer, 5.,8... 3 IJ 0 1 4 0
Shea c. .....••••••••••*.\u25a0 3 - 0 0 o 2:. 0
HeSey/. p. ,..-. '....,...... rSy^O.,;^ J. _0 J)
Totals .. ....:•/.... .30 3 5 27 IS 1
;; ~ RUNS AND HITS BT, INNINGS.' "
Portland -..1.... . 0" 0 0 6 0 0 0 0 o—o
Basphltri.- 0 0.0 0 11 2 10-5
San*Franc:«co .. 0 00 3 0 0 0.0- o—t
Base hits . . . . 1 10 3 0 0 0 0 0-0
; PORTLAND.
' AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Atz • s » .............. 4 0 0 .0 .2 0
Van Buren. c. 1......... 3 0 0 1 0. 0
Fleming, 1. t.. ......... 5 0 1-2 0 0
Mitchell, 1 b............. 3 0 10 4 1
Sohlafley, 2, b... ......... 3 0 0 30 1
Householder, .-r..,* ........ -- 0 - 1 ». «
McLtan, c:. 3 0 1.10 1 0
Hoffman.; 3b... .-...:•.... 2 0 .0 0 2 0
Essick,, p. 3 0 0.1 3 0
did not have time to get down, but
the ball struck the end of his toe and
caromed to second base, where Wheeler
picked it. up arid threw Atz out at first.
Score:
WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.— At a meeting
here of representatives of the American
Association of Nurserymen, the Ameri
can Seed Trade Association and the So
ciety of ' American Florists . and Orna
mental Horticulturists an organization
was formed, with F. R. Plerson of Tarry
town, N. V. t chairman, for the purpose of
co-operating in all matters of mutual in
terest. Among the subjects agreed-upon
for such co-operation were the securing
of favorable rulings by collectors of "cus
toms regarding imports of seeds, plants,
bulbs, trees and horticultural merchan
dise and supplies and a discontinuance of
governmental free seed distribution. . •
NURSERYMEN COMBINE
FOR OWN PROTECTION
I The Union Gun Club members will
hold their regular bluerock .shoot to
morrow at In gleside. Among the fea
tures will be the 100-target race for
the Bqkearf trophy. This is, open to
all eunmeh
Gunmen at thc'Bluerock Traps.
offering $2 50 a day for work near or
in the city, for . diking work. - much
of which is going on along the sound,
men are wanted at J3 a day. Skilled
labor is also in great demand, but there
seems less difficulty in securing it than
any. other kind.
As usual, domestic help, is scarce.
The city office is being flooded with
applications for women experienced in
household work.
SEATTLE, Aus. 18. — Not for many
seasons has the city free employment
office been so crowded with applications
for men and had so few men on hand
to fill the positions offered. Th« pay
offered at the present time Is also un
usually high for common laborers. Un
less more men come around looking; for
jobs wages will go even higher than
they" are at present.
The average city Job Im now paying
from JS to $2 50 a flay for a day of
eight hours. Mill owners, who seem
to want men badly and are having
much difficulty In securing them, are
FORT ERIE SELECTIONS.
(By. the New York Morning . Telegraph.)
First race^ — Sand, The Trifler, Dixie
Andre v.-a. .
! Second race— Fulbert, Alma* Gardia,
Charsc
Third race— Marshal Ney,* Baikal,
Hans Wairner. i- .^ \u25a0;\u25a0
Fourth race-^— Mcllvaln, Voiidk entry,
Gambrlnas.
Fifth race— La Londe, Ruak, Ed. Ball.
, Sixth race— Muldoon, Brushton, Falr-
Seventh race — Gearholm, Svreet Jane,
Poole entry. V :
Weather, elearj track fast.
WAGES MOVING UPWARD
IN PCGET SOU.YD CITIES
Baum Holds the Northern Men Down to
Six Scattered Hits. 1 f
SEATTLE, Aug. 1 8.— Baum held the
Seattle team down to six scattered hits
this afternoon. Not a home man cross-,
ed the plate, while four of the visitors
I made their way around the circuit.
The hits secured off Miller's delivery
were costly. Score: -
. ' AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Walters, r. 1 5 0 0 I. l o
Kane, 8b .4 0 1' 2 6 0
HouU. 1. -t... 3 0 1 0 0 0
Hart, 2b.. ...3 00 1 2 0
Frary, 1b. ............... 3 0 1 17 11
R. Hall, s. 3. .....4 0 0-22 0
McHa1e.c.f... ......... 4 0 3 110
Clark, c ............. 4 0 0 3 2 0
Miller, p 4 0 0 0 4,0
T0ta15:.. ......... ...34 © 0 27' 19 .1
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Bernard, c. f..V. 4 1 1 .1 o 0
Flood, 2b...........:.... 3 0 -,1". 4 2 -1 I
Bmith, 3b... « iO; 0 1 5 0
Dillon, lb 4 0/0 8 0 0
Brashear, s. 5..; .'4 12 2 2 212 1
Cravath, r. 2 1 0 0 0 0'
Ross. 1. I ........... 3 1 2 3 0 0
Spies, c...... ......3 0.1 50 0
Buum, p......... ........ 30 ;> Oil 0
. ' Totale. .........29 4 ' 1 27 10 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
5eatt1e.......... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
Base hits... .;. 1 2 0 0 0 0 \ 1 l-l- o
Los Angeles . 0 '0 0 0 2 1 1 0 o—4
Base hits. .110 0 2 1 2 0 o—7
\u25a0 . SUMMARY.
Earned run— Los Angeles. Two-base hits —
Kane, vßrashear, Ross. ;< Double plays — Walter*
to Frary; . Flood to Dillon (2). Sacrifice hit-
Flood. Stolen , bases— Bernard. Ross, v Houtz.
Struck out-J-By Miller 3. by, Baum 3. Bases on j
balls— Oft Miller 2, oft Baum 3.- Passed ball —
Clark. ; Left on bases — Seattle 0, : Los • Angeles
1. Time of- game — One hour, and forty-five
minutes. Umpire— Perrine. .
SEATTLE TEAM IS BLANKED.
SARATOGA' SELECTIONS. .
(By the New York Morning Telegraph.)
First race— Regal, Confessor, Dan
ftenxe. .
Second race — Jim Newman, Jimmle
Lane, Maiden.
Third race— Whitney entry, ' Oyamn,
Bellnnlcker. _
Fonrth race— Artful, Beldame, Calrn
gorn. ./'
Fifth race— Knight of Rhodes, Colos
»al» The Cure.
Sixth race— Timber, Running .Water,
Flip Flap. \u25a0 ; \u25a0
Weather clear; track fast.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BROOKLYN. Aug. IS. — In a pitchers' battle
h< re to-day Pittsburg defeated Brooklyn. Bot»i
L< <?ver and Mclntyre were effective. Attend
ance. 1000. Score: R. H. E.
Brooklyn 1 J> 1
Piitsburg • 2 a 0
Batteries— Mclntyre and Ritter; Leever and
P«its. Umpire — Johnstone.
NEW YORK, Aug. IS.— ln a ten-inning game
to-day the local team dc-Jeated Chicago. At
tendance, COOO. Score: j R. H. E.
<rnicago * ' 2
New York 8 6 2
Batteries — BrirKß. Welmer 'and Kling; Mc-
Ginnity and Bowerman. Umpire — O'Day.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. IS.— Hits were plen
tiful In to-day's game. Com Brown and Pit
t;r.irer were driven to the bench, Taylor and
Sparks going to the rubber. The visitor* final
ly won. Attendance, 2M>O. Score:
Tl. 11. IS.
Ft. UKl* " \* 2
Philadelphia •••••» •*
Batteries Brown, Taylor ond Grady; Pittin
ct-r, Pparks and Doom. Umpires — Klem and
BOFTON, Aug. 18. — Two heavy batting
games were contested here to-day, Boston win-
Bin? the first and Cincinnati the second in ten
lnning>. Attendance. 3100. Score*:
First -game— «• «. E.
Boston ** " •*
Cincinnati •• ", * *
Batteries — "Willis anfl Moran ; Walker, Har
per, Uarkcr and Streel. Umpire— Bausewine.
Second game — «• H- E.
Cincinnati J» J* -
W'orton 7 14 2
V '" Batteries— Chech. Overall and Schlel : Wil
• helm. Hurley and Needham. Umpire — Bause
wine. _
EECOXD RACE — Pacing; 2:00 class; purse
$1000:
Zolock, by McKlnney-Gazelle <Delany) 111
Miss Idaho. by Xutwood-Wllkes
(Springer) , 3 3 2
Padallon by Diablo-Grace (Ward) 4 2 3
Kelly Brlges, by Bayswater Wllkea-
Algenie (Wright) 2 8 4
Reta H, by McK.lnney-Smut (Durfee). C 4dr
Time-^2:o7tt, 2:08. 2:10.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 18. — This was
Zolock day at the racetrack and the
grandstand and grounds were crowded
to see the crack McKinney horse pace
in the 2:09 class stakes. Another at
traction was the appearance of Ro
bizola. the speedy mare owned by Dr.
J. W. Clark of Santa Rosa. Zolock
won three straight heats and first
money In his race. . Robizola was not
so fortunate In the 2:12 class trot,
and only drew down second money, her
principal rival, J. H. Bennett's Dr. Ham
mond, proving the fastest trotter In the
race. The first race of the day, the
Pacific Breeders' Futurity for two
year-olds, was won by E. D. Dudley's
McFadyen in two heats, beating T. H.
Brentz's Magladi-in 2:15% and 2:16%.
Summary:
FIRST RACE — Futurity; two-year-olds;
purse $750:
McFadyen, by Dlablo-Bee (Hoy) 1 1
Magladl. by Del Norte-Laurelia (I>elaney) 2 2
Time— 2:ls>4. 2:16*4.
Epecla.l Dispatch to The Call.
It is further reported that the pro
posed steamship line will be controlled
entirely by Senator W. A. Clark and be
operated in connection with the Clark
road and entirely independent of any
similar lines which Harrlman or Hunting
ton may have in mind.
Another fact of significance in this
connection is that G. A. i J arkyns, as
sistant general freight and passenger
agent of the Southern .Pacific, has made
arrangements for a similar trip and will
sail from San Francisco next Saturday
on the steamship Mongolia with Gibbon.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 18.— S. T. E. Gib
bon, third vice president and general
counsel of the San Pedro, Los Angeles
and Salt Lake Railroad, will sail for
Japan within the next two weeks.' The
report given credence In railway circles
Is that his mission Is to consummate ar
rangements for a steamship line from
San Pedro to the Orient. •
IiATONIA SELECTIONS.
(By the New York Morning Telegraph.)
First race— Grande Vitesse, Covina,
Merces. "
Second race — Mattle H, Trixl« White,
Erla Lee. * • ""'
Third race — Hosan, Topsy Robfnsoa,
Sister France*.
Fourth race — Klnr Ellsworth, Red
Leaf, Intense.
Fifth race — Port Worth, Dr. Keith,
Marvin XeaL .
Sixth race — Helgrrson, Dnnsanaoa,
Weather dear} track hpary.
Takes the Feature Event
on the Card at Santa
Rosa in Straight Heats
Reported That \ the Senator
Will Run Line to Orient
From Southern California
ZOLOCK SHOWS
TURN OF SPEED
CLARK MAY TRY
SHIPPING TRADE
\u25a0 Seventh \u25a0'• race, steeplechase, handicap, short
course — Sam Parmer 150. Volantlne 138 Gear
holm 137, Trenct the Mere 152. Jim Hale 130.
Prince Real 128, Scotsman 130, Sweet Jine 140.
Billy Ray 13a (Trenct the Mere and Volantlne
Poole entry.) ;
Fourth race, seven furlongs. Fort Erie Sell
ing Stakes, | $1500— Locbgoil 105, Bonnie Sua
102. The Lexington Leader 93, Gambrlnus 91,
Mcllvaln 102. Depends S7. Crestfallen 91.
(Bonnie Sue and Depends Young's entry.)
Fifth race, six furlongs, all ages — Peter Paul
109, Rusk 104, Pat Costlgan y9, Annie Davis
94. Scarecrow 89, Armistice 83, Ed Ball 109,
La Londe 102, Circular Joe 9D. Young Hyson
92, Peggy 87, Mamie Foster 89.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards,
three-year-olds and up, selling — Ora Viva 114,
Fairbury 106. Old Mike 104. Rapport 102. I
Know 102, Brushton 101. Arab 107, Allopatb
104. Juba 102, Honda 102. Berry Waddell 102.
Muldoon 89.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, two
year-olds, selling — Fulbert 108. Paeon 101.
Carew 99. Alma Gardia 99, Annie Berry 91.
Gamester IC2, Lady Walker 100, Fairy Flush
99, J X F 97. Charge 94.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles,' handi
cap—Hans Wagner 115. Marshal Ney 98, Neva
Welch BS, Baikal 103, Circular Joe 95.
First race, six furlongs three-year-olds. sell
ing—Sand 104. Dart 102, Stay Away 102.
fidian Flower 102, Bernle Cramer 99. Dutch
rifcate 97. Salvage 102, Dixie Andrews 102,
Tho Trifler 102, Belknap 99, Hazel > Baker 97.
Holy Smoke 97.
SARATOGA,' Augr^ 18.— A small but a
select field will start to-morrow In the
Saratoga Cup. It needs but the pres
ence of Sysonby to make It the- event
of the year. Those entered are Bel
dame, Caughnawaga, Cairngorm j and
Artful. The day's entries:
t First race, six furlongs, three-year-olds, sell
ing- — Danseuse 98, Brush Up 9t>, Ralbert 98,
Candida 106. Lochlnvar 103, Colonel White
10($ Regal 105. Confessor 96, Water Mirror 96,
Humo 108, Peggy O* Neil 96, Pioneer 108. r
\u25a0 Second race, about two and a half miles,
the Beverwyck Steeplechase Handicap, four- .
year-olds and up; purse $2500 — Jimmy Lane
148, Jim Newman Iti2, Maiden 161. •- .
Third race, six furlongs, the United States
Hotel Stakes, two-year-olds; - purse $10,000^-
Oyama 112. Pegasus 112, Beaufort 112, Burgo
master 127. Bellsnicker 117, Samson 112. i
Fourth race, mile and six furlongs; the Sara
toga Cup of $7500, three-year-olds and vp —
Beldame 121, Caughnawaga 127, Cairngorm
113 Artful 108.
Fifth race, mile, three-year-olds and up. sell
ing—King Rose 108. Colossal 91. Stroller. 110.
Lord Badge 103. The Lady Rohesia 94. The
Cure 108 Celebration 103. Mad Mullah 109,
Old England 00. Irish Witch 100. Lineal 86.
Our Sister 95. Saladln 9S, Knight of Rhodes 98.
Gay Lothario 00, Fleur de Marie 101, Just So
103 '
Sixth race, six furlongs, two-year-olds— Flip
Flap 119, Timber 122, East End 117. Running
Water 119 Debar 122, Bridgeman 117, The
Quail 117, Yalagal 119.
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
American League. , National League
W. L. Pet. I W. L. Pet.
Philadelphia.. «« ;i8 .lil2 New York..;7(> 31 .710
ChK-ago 54 4*i .S7* Pittsburg . . .€9 40 .6.>-'{
ilov«>lan(l ...57 44 .564-*hila.lelphla..6O 47 .561
Nvw XorW.'."M AS .32«' Chicago Cl 48 .501
boston .49 4« .5J6 Cincinnati ...58 51 .532
Detroit ,V.\ ..43 54 \47C'St. Louis 42 «» .."78
Washington.. :;» CO .S&4!Boeton 36 75 .324
St. Louie 34 €5 .343 \u25a0 Brooklyn .-..33 74 .308
AMEP.ICAN LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 18.— St. Louis and Philadel
phia buttled to a Eixteen-innlng tie to-day, the
r.nal score being 3 to 3. Tne visitors -seemed
to have the contest won in the ninth innlr.g,
v.hen. v.ith two men out ana no runs. Henley
Ift down and was hit safely five times. Wad
dell took his place and pitched peneational ball
for the remainder of the game. Glade pitched
\u25a0 brilliant ball for St. Louis after the second li
r.ir.jr. Attendance, 1&0 O. Score: ,R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 13 1
Philadelphia 3 13 1
Batteries — Glade and Spencer; Henley, Wad
deli and- Barton.
DETROIT, Aug. I?.— Detroit won a pitchers*
Vattle from Boston to-day. Attendance, 1500.
Hrore : . - - ' R. \u25a0 H. 'E.
Uetroit .•. 2 5 2
Eos-ton . 1 5 1
Batteriws — Donovan and Warner; Young and
W": riser.
V CHICAGO. Aug. IS. — Chicago won a eix-ln
' r.ing game from New York to-day. Rain
tiopptd the game. Attendance, SSOO. Score:
11. H. E.
rhieago 6 9 1
New York..* O«3
Batteries — White, Smith and McFarland;
Orth. Newtcn and Kleinow.
CLEVELAND. Aug. IS. — Cleveland was un
able to hit Hughes, and Washington won easi
ly. Attendance 2800. Score: U. H. E.
Cleveland 0 2 3
Washington 8 8 0
Batteries — Moore, Hall and Buelow; Hughes
end Heydon.
' CINCINNATI, Aug-. 18. — The entries
for 'to-morrow's races at Latonia fol
low: , .
First race, seven furlongs, selling — Marces
88, Miladl Love 90, Federal 92. Grand Vltesso
t>s Chief Bush 96. Covina 9.1. Gold Bell 100.
Malediction BS. Omealca 91. Conclave 92. Judga
Saufley 96. A Convict 97. Joelen ICO.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Ravena
9t?, Bravery 91. Rian 97. GUfain 97. Auto
light 100. Erla Lee 101. Mint Bed 90. "April
Shower 85. Best Man 87, Gene Handlon 97.
Trlxie White 101. Mattle H 110.
Third race, five furlongs, two-year-olds, han
dicap—Hoi Polio! 98, Rosi Nl Ni 90. Osee 100.
Tcpsy Robinson 104, Chief Hayes 10S. Hogan
108 Jack's Qupen 90. Neodesha 100. Trenola
101. Agnola ,107, Sister Frances 100. Excite
ment 112. \u25a0
Fourth race one mile, handicap— lntense 83.
Red Leaf 97. Havlland 105. Scotch Thistle 96.
King Ellsworth 95.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, setlm*—
Doc Thompson 92. Gary 95, Dr. Keith 97,
Anita 97. Toastmaster ICO. Port Worth 105. St.
; Columb 105. Marvin N»al 95, Verdant 97. Orlln*
97 Queen Caroline 97. Japanese Maid 102, Mal
leable 105. Falrview 105.
Sixth race, ona and a quarter miles, telling —
Danube S3, The Messenger BS. Male Hanlon 91.
Foreigner 03. Helgerson 93. Dungannon 91.
Hot 96, Fonsoluca 100.
LATOXIA ENTRIES.
STA.XDIXG OF* THE CLUBS.
BelieVes Henley in the Ninth
and Gamine Goes to 16-
Lining Tie.
FOURTH RACE — Seven furlonga; purse;
three-year-olds and unward:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin. '
3 to 5 — Rebo, 106 (Foley) 5 12 11
5 to 2— Pirate Polly, OS (Kunz) 1 22 21%
12 to 1— Pipe, 104 (Schoon) 6 4 1 V>3 n
Time, 1 :27 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
"Winner, William Mulkey's br. g. by Percy-
Clmerone. Gay Lizette, Wetrdsome. Peter
Paul, Marshal Ney and Wyefleld finished as
named.
: FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; gelling; two
year-olds: . • . • .. . . .. •
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin. \u25a0
12 to 1— Daring, 100 (Obert) 5 4 M 1 1 V.
8 to 1— Skeptical, 102 (J. Shea). 2 12 2 3'"
3 to 1— Factotum. 105 (Munro).. 8 T 1 3 n "
Time, \u25a01:02. • Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, George Holle's b. c. by Jean Beraud-In
trepid. Devoir, Wee Girl, Cadillac, Policy,
Rocket, Zana McClelland and Side View fin
ished as named. \u25a0 • •« \u25a0 . -
SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; four
year-olds and utjward:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6tol — Maraschino, 107 (Mur- hy) 6 2 *A 1 V, '
2 to 1— Chatelaine, 102 (Fisher).. 6 lh 2n
6 to 2— Devonshire, 104 (Munro) . . 2 3 1 3 1
Time, 1 :28 1-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner. T. Kitley'g ch. g. by Golden Dawn-
Chartreuse II. I Know, The Four Hundred.
Reveille, Demurrer, , Water Tower and Inquisi
tive Girl finished as named.
SEVENTH RACE— One mile; selling; four
year-olds and unward:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 6 — Outwai. 103 (D. Boland) 6 13 13
6 to 1 — Lemon Girl, OS (Swain)... 4 5 U 21U
7 to 1— Morenflo. 105 (DeaIy)..:i0 02 32
Time, 1:40 4-5.- Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. C. Ferris Jr.'s b. f. by Ornus-
Leonell. Ben Fonso, Blue Flame. Council.
l.ittle,Boy, Louis Kraft, Reeves, Showman and
Immortelle finished as named. \u25a0
FORT ERIE ENTRIES. .
ONTARIO, Augr. 18. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at Fort Erie fol
low: -
RUBE WADDELL SAVES
THE DAY AT ST. LOUIS
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; The Seneca;
for three-year-olds; selling :'\u25a0
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
4 to I—lncantation,1 — Incantation, 104 (Burns) 3 4 h 1 ft
40 to I— Taxer, 98 (Willey) 5 1 Vi 2 *i ,
16 to s— Druid, 101 (J. Jones)... 4 3 IP 1^
Time, 1:14. Start bad. Won driving. Win
ner; A. Miller's eh. t., by Horoscope- White
Rose. DArkle, The Gleam, Gold Ten. Czara
phlne,' Candida.- Escutcheon, Good Bye and
BlucJier finished as named. ; .
FIFTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs; for
fillies; two-y ear-olds; purse:
Betting. • Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
13 to 10— Whimsical, 109 (J.Mtn) 2 2 % 1 h
7 to s— Tangle, 114 (Shaw)... 11^28
20 to I—VI1 — VI O, 114 (Mclntyre).. 64 3". :
Time. 1 :C8 4-5. Start straggling. Won driv
ing. Winner, T. J. Maddens eh. f., by Or
lando-Kismet. Kiamesha 11, St. Ursula, Col
lege Girl., Sandmark and Ousel, finished as
named. .
SIXTH RACE — One mile; maidens;
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
6to I— G. Duchess. 107 (Miller). 2 11*12
5 to I— Conquest, 112 (J. Martin) 12 2 2 1 .
3 to I— Bella Slgnora, 107 (Brns) 4 0 2 3 1%
Time 1:43 2-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, J. G. Lyman's eh. f.. by Glganteum-
Superb n. Indian Star, Gambler, Baron Esher. :
Peter Knight, Brilliant. Pioneer, Sailor Boy
and Agent finished as named.
THIRD RACE — One and an eighth miles;
selling; three-year-olds . and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to s—Varieties.5 — Varieties. 97 (H. Jacksn) 3 4 h 1 1^ :
3 .to I—Jolly1 — Jolly Wltch.94 (Hnnessy) 4 2 h 2 2
4 to I— Pr. of Pilsen.llo (Bind) 5 5 2 3 2
Time. 1:53. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, W. Walker'g br. g. by Massetto-Valn
glory. Arab, Belie the Cat. The Bobby. Small
Talk, finished as named. -' - - • \u25a0 \u25a0
THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-old 6 and. up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. \u25a0 %. Fin.
sto I— Veronese, 93 (Miller) 1 1 Vt 1 2
13 to s—Lady5 — Lady Navarre, 114(Burns) 3 3 % 2 h ,
9 too— Sly Ben, 116 (J. Martin). 4 5 3 3^4
Time, 1:08. ' Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner, W. C. Daly's b. c. by Henry of Na-i
varre-Mavourneen. .• Lord of th« Forest and
Comedienne finished as named.
I SECOND RACE— One mile; three-year-old»
and up; selling:
Betting. Hor.-». Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9to I— Wedgewood. 93 (Harris) & 4 2 1 h
7to I— Van Hope. 102 (Morris) 4 8 1 2 8
17 to 10— FloxiseJ. 104 (Foy) 1 2 3 3 n
Tim*. 1:46 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. S. W. Streett & Co.'a br. g. (3) by
Trenton-Annie Gray. Hot 102. Sanction 92.
Early Boy 107, Fiasco 100. finished as named.
THIRD * RACE — Seven furlongs; maidsa
three-year-olds ; r*jrse:
Betting. Horse. WelgM. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
7t©2— Roscoe, 95 (Morris) 4 13 14
13 to 2— Paul. 95 (Williams) 3 4 2 22
14 to 5— 8.0f Passage.92 (Radke) 1 2 1 3 3
Time. 1:32 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. T. Mull's b. c. by Russell-Tlldee.
Frank Green 92. Nominee 110. Lera Jones 92.
Putro 92. Gleeman 100. His Majesty 96, Brok*
92, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — Five furlongs; two-year
old fillies; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
sto I— Kiss. 98 (Harris) « 2 h 1 1^
18 to 6— Merry Bell. 98 (Schade). 1 4 2 V%
15 to I— Toya. 98 (Robinson) S 1 2 3 2
Time. 1:04 3-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner. S. W. Streett A Co.'s b. f.. by Kings
ton-Katona. Floss S 9S. Vie Klnney 101. Tele
pathy 103. Anna Smith 98. Mamie O 98.
Fsrroniere 103, AU Brown 9S. finished aa
named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling;: 0
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. 'Fin.
9to 6— Naran. 95 (Radtke) 1 3 4 1 i-i
5 to I— Euba. S3 (Morris) 4 2H21
9 to I—Joe1 — Joe Goss. 10.1 (Hall) 3 1 h 3 1
; Time. 1 :17 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, E. Corrlgan's b. c. by Bathampton-
Phlda. Judge Traynor 99. J. W. O'Neill »8.
Stroud 9S. Ivernia 97, Doty 99, Tom Klley 107.
finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olda
fillfes; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \. Fin.
5 to 2— La Puc-lle. 117 (Morsn) 1 2 6 1 h
13 to s— Aurocelver. 90 (Morris) 4 12 2 12
40 to I— La Sagltte. 100 (Shaver) 5 4 13 1
Time. l:l«2-5. Start goad. Won dTlvtngr.
Winner. J. N. Camden Jr.'s eh. f.. by Esher-
Blue Danube. Darthula 99, Chlcora Maid 99.
I finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; Belling;
two-year-olds: • >.
Betting, Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin. I
2 to I— 'Annie Berry.lo2 (Chrstn) 6 6 n 1 1
8 to s— Sonnet. 102 (D. Boiand) 2 13 2 3
7 to I—Jean1 — Jean Lee. 105 (Lee).... 4 2 n S V,
Time, 1:02 1-5 Start good. Won driving.
Winner, Mrs. R. Bradley's eh. f. by Aloha-
Annie L. Lady Chlswick, Gold Girt; Pea Fowl,
Long. Bright. Pirate's Dream, Lady Hamburg,
finished as named. • . . . .
Time, 1 :56. Start good. Won easily. ."Winner,
J. L. Hay man's blk. c. by Dinna Forget-Rose
Marjorie. Jack Young, Our Bessie, Cabin, Pa
lette, Belllndlan and Tom Lawson* finished as
named. \u25a0 ... ' \u25a0
SECOND RACE — One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. 6t. % Fin.
15 to I— Yorkshire Lad.9S(Perrine) 5.3 5 12%
6 to.l— Byways. 98 (MeDaniel) . . 2 1 1%2 h
2to I— Leila, 107 (Larson)i 4 4 1%3 %
. Pitcher Brown applied the kalsomlne
brush' to; the -Oakland bunch in a .vigor
ous mariner at Recreation Park yesterday,
making 'Rip's men appear as though they
were just; learning the. -national' pastime.
Four/ hits distributed " during., the same"
'number, ' of innings failed- to s register a
count In. the run column for the Com
-m'uters.' j -Iberg was jno snap to -hit; but
he was a Carnegie when it. came, to issu
ing free passes. Eight men paraded to
the Initial sack by the free route." When:
the Tigers' did find. him for a hit it was
usually after a pass had been Issued.
Score, Tacoma 3; Oakland; 0.
The doings started .in the first round
for the Northerners. - With the assistance
of a pass and a hit and a wild throw
to second, Sheehan was allowed to make
the first tally."", \u0084 ,' • '
Two sensational doubles were executed
In the third and ; fourth by both teams
that broke up -the quietness that existed.
Oakland passed the game up in the
seventh, Iberg was still having trouble
in locating the rubber. He walked Gra
ham, the first man up. He was sent along
one by Hogan's sacrifice. Brown singled
through the- pitcher's box and Graham
arrived at' the pan simultaneously with
the ball. It hit , him and caromed oft
into the fence.- Nordyke drove the ball
Into the left field and Dunleavy in trying
to make a circus catch dropped .what
should have beeji an easy out.
The run getting stopped right here.
Tacoma did. not need any and Oakland
could not' make any. The nearest they
came to it was in the final round when
Van Hal tern opened the Inning with a
sizzler aloflg; the third base line, which
went for. two bases. Francks tried to bunt
safely, but the .best, his effort was good
for was to send Van to "the' third station.
j It seemed'.Oakland'wduldjpreverit a shut
out, but neither Dunleavy nor Kruger
could get even a? long fly and stop a
shutout. Two easy "outs and their cap
tain was r left resting at the third- station,
which' was'; the .farthest. any man :on the
Oakland ; team went ! during the contest.
The score:
TACOIIA.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, 8. S. 6 0.0 0' 2 1 0
Sheehan, 3b 3 1-1 0 13 0
Nordyke, lb. .4 0 2 0 10 0 0
McLaugnlin, 1. f. .. 1 0 0 2 1 0 0
Lynch, c. f ......... 8 0 0 13 0 0
Casey, 2b 2 0 0 1 8 4 0
Graham, c 1 10 0 72 0
Hogan. r. f. 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Brown, p .4 11 'O 0 1 0
Totals .25- 3 4 4 27 11 0
OAKLAND. 1
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren, c. f. ..4 0 20 3 0 0
Francks, s. s 3 0 0 0 220
Dunleavy, If 402 0 10 1
Kruger, r. f . 4 0 .00 1 0 0
Kelky. 2b 3 ,0 0 0 7 2 0
Streib. lb 20 0 0 11 0 0'
Devereaux, 3b 3 0 0 0 0 5 1
Byrnes, c. 2 0 00 2 1 1
Iberg. p. 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals.. 23 0 4 0 27 12 3
' RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma ;* 1 0 0 0 0 020 o—3
Base hits 1 0 10 0 1 1 0 o—l0 — 1
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 00 o—o
Base hits 0.0 0 1 0 1 10 I—l
SUMMARY.
" Two-base hits — Dunleavy, Van Haltren. Sac
rifice hits — Hogan 2, Graham, McLaughlln, Van
Haltren, Francks. First base on errors — Ta
coma 2. First base on called balls — Off Iberg
8, off Brown 2. Left on basi — Tacoma 7, Oak
land 4. Struck out — By Iberg 1. by. Brown 0.
Double plays — Devereaux to Kelley to Streib,
Sheehan to Casey to Nordyke. Time of game —
One hour and thirty minutes. Umpire — Mc-
Donald.
\u25a0 Pacific Coast League.!. . .-' :
\u25a0'\u25a0 .':. ' . W. L.. Pet.i , - - '-'W. L. Pet.:
Tacoma. .... 9 7 .562 San Fran:..?: 8 8 .500!
Seattle..:... 8> 7 .533, Oakland.. \u25a0.-::- 8 9 : .471-
Portland.... 9 8 .52:>jLos Angeles. 6 9 .400
STANDING OF THE CLUBS."""
San Francisco 3, Portland 0.
Tnooma 3, Oakland 0." ".,
Los Angeles 4, Seattle 0.
.' ; TO-DAY'S GAMES. . .
Onkland-Tacoina at. Recreation Park;'
Los. Angeles at Seattle.'- . •\u25a0 • . ' \u25a0
San Francisco at Portland.;
RESULTS OF GAMES.
He lias not regained consciousness
since the accident. Mrs. Jay and her
eieven-yeiir-old son have arrived.
It is given out at the German.H osp
ital that V.Vbb Jay now has. a better
chance for life than he had at 9 o'clock
last nignt. The surgeons say he has a
fighting chance with some odds In his
favor. ...\u25a0- , . .' •
BUFFALO. N. V.. Aug. 18.— "Webb Jay
of Cleveland was probably fatally in
jured at Kenilworth Park to-day in the
ten-mile automobile race. At the three
quarters of the fourth mile Jay"s ma
chine crashed through the fence, down
an embankment of fifteen feet and into
a pond of water. What caused the ac
cident is not known. It is believed,
however, that Jay was blinded by dust
and steered into the fence. He was
driving about a mile a minute when
the accident happened.
Jay was racing with Lytle and Bur
man. At the three-quarters turn Jay
was third and the dust cloud of the
other two cars hung over him.
at the three-quarters the track was
banked with earth taken from the ex
cavation which had left a deep hole
just beyond the fence. Heavy rains
had transferred the hole into a deep
pond. Just as Jay refunded the turn
Ms car crashed through the fence,
down the fifteen-foot embankment and
into the water. Ja.y, unconscious, would
have drowned had not two spectators
fitting on the fence near by gone to his
rescue and dragged him out. He was
taken to the German Hospital, where
it was found nine ribs were broken,
one of his lungs was punctured and
his right femur was fractured. \u25a0' Pneu
monia and pleurisy, it is believed, will
set in within twenty-four hours. 'If
he survives them he may live, the Sur
geons say. . ;
' SARATOGA, Aug. 18,-^lt was a grand
day for racing < to-day "with sunshine and
a" breeze that wa3 refreshing. This caused
an attendance'; of: .8000/ •.The track was
fine.: The fourth race • was the best bet
ting event of the day. A dozen' horses
had a' following, including the 50 to 1 shot
Taxer. ;It was a three-horse event all the
way.iTaxer leading until the last Jump,"
where Burns • brought Incantation up in
time.tb winiby a head. Druid hung back
on the way home, but was a good third.
Blucher, played from S to 1 to 6 to L was
left" at the post. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; all ages;
handicap: \u25a0 . - •
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4to I— SlrL.ynnewood,9B(W.Smth) 5 2 8 18%
9 to 2— Pat Bulger,l2UW.Buchan) 2, 8 % 2 h
sto I— Marjoram, 110 (Burns) ... 1 In 36
Time, 1:27 1-5. Start good. Won easily. Win-,
ncr, J. E. Wldener's blk. c. by Sir Dlxon-Lady
Wayward. Clark Griffith, Darkle, Wyeth and
Mies Crawford finished as named. .
CINCINNATI. Aug. IS.— Favorites had
a poor day at Latonia to-day. N'aran be
ing the only one to win. Jockey Foy waa
suspended Indefinitely for his poor riding?
on Florizel, the favorite in the second
race. The track was heavy. There was
no .feature to the card, the races being
filled with ordinary performers. Sum
maries:
> FIRST RACB— Six furlongs; three-year-olda
and ud :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
16 to fi— Belltoone, t)I <Wllson>. . 3 12 14
9tol— Lady Lou. 80 (Rarttke). 1 5 1 2 h
12tol— Hopeful Miss. !n> tFoy>. 7 3 h 3 1
Time, 1:19. Start good. Won easily.- Winner.
William H. Glare's b. m. (4) by Lefton-lsa
belia. Potter lul. Queen Esther 04. Gracious
92. Henry Ach W>. Trompeuse 97, Lady La*ea
85, Fontesla 97. Deltoboso 97, Mexican 97.
Martha Cecilia 92. Sand Bath 93. finished as
named. ..
BUFFALO, Aug. 18.— There were some
large doings in the way of winning long
shots in the racing. The ' victory of
Maraschino in the sixth race cost the
books a pretty penny. Chatelaine and
Devonshire were the • betting choices in
this event, but a heavy play on Maras
chino caused his price to dwindle down
from 20 to 1 to 6 to 1. Maraschino del
hvered the goods by half a length with
Chatelaine second and Devonshire third.
It was determined by the management
of the Fort Erie track to-day to extend
the meeting at least ten days longer than
originally intended. It was intended to
close here on the. 31st lnst. Summary:
. FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to I— Mag Nolin. »7 (Oberthy) 4 3 2 1 I*4;
7 to I— Silurian, 1W (Foley) 3 4 1 2 n -
7 to I— Chanterelle. 107 (Kunz). 2 1 I^3 4
Time. 1 :27 4-5. Start straggling. Wen
cleverly. Winner, E. W. Moore &. Ox's eh.
f. by Tammany-Tampette: Bedhun. Monls,
Monochord, Stalker. Mlnamoto, finished as
named. - \u25a0
g Special to '.The. Call
Special Dispatch to Tb« Call.
Special Dispatch to Th a Call.
Is Wild I and Allows Eight
; "0f ... the vTaQomas \to Walk,
Which ' Helps tor Get Runs
As Though This Were Not
Enough Pneumonia and
Pleurisy May Set In
Maraschino Is Backed From
20 Down to 6 to 1 and
Then Scores, Handily
Jimmy Britt's' dream of adding $10,000 of Battling Nelson's coin, to his
collection of double eagles has vanished into thin air. The.sideVbet has.not
been made, as proposed when the articles were signed, and will not ,be
unless some sporting man comes to the rescue of the Dane. .. v;/^ . \u0084_,'
No one would do this until the referee was selected, as -while the ' :
fight may, as Britt' says, "referee itself," the fact 'remains that that' official,
will play an important pa.rt in its decision.. Thereare two styles .of; fight- .=
Ing to be reconciled,' and whichever way the referee leans will' haveCan 1
important bearing on the outcome of the contest.
It was thought if any one weakened on, the proposition of: the side
bet it*would be Britt. but the Californian came forward yesterday , and
stated he was ready to post the money at once in the hands of Stake
holder Harry Corbett. < .
Nelson has also, refused to post half of* the $20,000 guaranteed Jimmy
Britt, Nolan's offer to do which was one .of the dramatic 'incidents at. the ;
signing of the articles. It was known at the time that Manager Coffroth,
did not hesitate to give the guarantee. for .business reason*. • Having once \u25a0
! refused to do so, however, he would not give in to Willie Britt,' the rnan-^
j aging brother* . | \u0084:\u25a0„\u25a0:' '\u25a0'.\u25a0\u25a0 .. \u25a0 - ' \u25a0
I Bout Becomes Business Proposition. ; \u25a0 ;;J• " . .
With the side bet eliminated and the novel feature of.one fighter mak-'
ing a guarantee as to what the other's share, would be removed, all the
glamour thrown about the signing of . the articles "vanishes, and : brings jthe^;
bout down to a commonplace business proposition. v The-'last'props of the.
superstructure will fall should it develop that the winner-take-all clause ,
in the articles is canceled in another agreement. , : \u25a0 ; ; ', '\u0084
: If the general committee having: in charge; the Native Sons', celebration ;
at Sacramento can present to Manager Jim Coffroth to-night a permit for
a 45-round fight to take place in this city in September the fight, will be '
held here. It is believed to be a physical impossibility to seenre-theneces- \u0084
sary signatures of. ten Supervisors,; so it Feems an assured fact that the
fight will be held at Colma on Admissidn' day -as originally planned. •.• l
The special committee from the; Native Sons,, headed by Grand Presi-*
dent James X Gallagher, waited on the' Mayor \u25a0' yesterday in- his' private
office to enlist his aid in securing a change in the date of, the fight. Man- '
aged Jim Coffroth was also present. •;\u25a0 ».; <;: • f .-?Z' r ,'\u25a0 • ! <
Mr. Gallagher said It was desired to change the date of thereon test.*
because it would conflict with the Native Son 3' celebration of Admission
day in Sacramento. ; . • ;\u25a0; • \u0084••.. '.- '...--, ;.."/. .) s
Mayor Agrees to Sign the Permit.
The Mayor suggested that permission be secured from the Supervisors to
hold the contest In this city, and if the resolution to that effect were passed
he would affix bis signature thereto. I
Manager Coffroth would not consent to the proposition at first, saying he
would have .to consult the principals In the proposed contest, although he him
self had <no objection to bringing off the bout in this city in the event the
permit for It could be obtained. It was stated that the fight at Colma was
scheduled to go : forty-five rounds and that the fights In this city had hitherto
been limited: to twenty rounds. The Mayor said he would agree to only a
twenty-round contest if held in this city. ' ;
Coffroth said the same general law providing for a limited contest gov
erned San Francisco as well as Colma and a contest of forty-five rounds could
be legally brought off in this city. Coffroth said it was simply a custom
instituted toy the Board of Supervisors to limit the boxing contests to twenty
rounds. At this the Mayor stated he had no more to say. It was finally
agreed that the Native 'Sons should endeavor to get the signatures of ten
Supervisors to a petition to hold the fight in this city, and if they are suc
cessful the Mayor promised to sign the permit.
Supervisors May Refuse to Act.
Opinion seems divided as to whether it Is possible to secure the neces
sary signatures of ten Supervisors. It seems certain that it will be impos
sible to secure some of the Democratic Supervisors, who are opposed to Man
ager Coffroth for political reasons. This opposition may be set aside, but
it is hardly probable. The votes which might be obtained include those of
Supervisors Boxton, Gallagher, Lunstedt, Rea, Sanderson, Alpers, Bent,
Hocks. Rock and McClellan, making the ten required. It would probably be.
more difficult to induce Booth, Brandenstein, Braunhart, Comte, Conner,
D'Ancona, Eggers and Payot to sign any petition in which Coffroth is in
terested unless the Native Sons lend their persuasive powers' in the ef
fort, to- move the Supervisors named. The fact that iriost of the Supervisors
are away on vacations adds to the difficulty of securing the needed votes..
Manager Coffroth has decided upon the site of the arena if the fight is' held
at Colma. It will be in Union Coursing Park, on the north line of School street
midway between the Mission road and thf: Southern Pacific Railway. Accommo
dations will be prepared for 12,000 spectators. .
As Jimmy Britt's trunk was not delivered at Sheehan's yesterday he did no
work there, but put in the afternoon in the Olympic Club handball court. In the
evening he went to the theater and then repaired to Sheehan's.
Nelson spent the day in town.
IBERG IS; GENEROUS
Latonia Officials Suspend
Toy for His Weak Ef
forts on a Public Choice
Blucher Is Backed
but Isl^eft at
Battling Dane Also Declines to Make Good
the Dramatic Proposition of Nolan to
. ;. PostyHalUhe: s2o,ooo
JOCKEY'S RIDE
IS SUSPICIOUS
LANDS IN DEEP POND
Crashes Into the Fence at
Buffalo Track While Trav
eling a Mile a Minute
BOOKS ARE HIT
AT FORT ERIE
Has Van's Sluggers on His
Staff Throughout and the
I Contest Is Never in Doubt
Gets Up in Time to 1
Beat the Extreme
Outsider.
MOTORIST JAY
BADLY INJURED
OAKLAND FAILS
TO FIND BROWN
BRITT STANDS READY
TO PUT UP $10,000
WITH STAKEHOLDER
BURNS LANDS INCANTATION FIRST
BY A SCANT HEAD.
EDITED BY I
R. A. SMYTH
NELSON BACKS DOWN ON SIDE BET
\u25a0
THE SAN FRANCISCO t CALL, SATURDAY; AUGUST. 19, 1905,
.DENVER. Augl 18.— Charles H.
Young, superintendent of the' Wells-
Fargo Express Company. In the district
extending from Denver to: Salt Lake,
died "tO;day of pneumonia. He' was 44
years. of . age and .had been. in the "em
ploy. _of the Wells-Fargo. Company
twentj'-two- years. \u25a0 ... ,
Superintendent A'ouns Dead.
NEW YORK,. Aug. 18.— The' sale; of
all securities audvinterests in thedtut
land corporation held by the Merchants'
Trust Company for $425,000 was \ an
nounced to-day by the « receivers of the
Merchants' Company/.Douglas; Robinson
and the New York Trust. Company. G.
Tracy Roberts ", of .Binghamton and
George S.; Wise : of - this city were -the
buyers, \ : '•/-: \u25a0 , : ". c"-'- '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;%: -\u25a0'\u25a0'•'\u25a0 "..'\u25a0' ; :
Ilrrnkx Bloyele Record.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Aug. : 18.— C. I*.
Hollister of Springfield. Mass., to-night
broke the- world's three-quarter-mile
bicycle record at the Salt Palace saucer
track. His time. r1:22 4-5, -beats the
former, record, held by/Walter.
rett of Buffalo. N. V.. by 3 3-5. seconds.
>«>trd Tcunln IMhj-cth Enter.
NEWPORT, R. 1., Aug. 18. — The
drawings for the tennis tournament to
be opened at tlje Casino on August 22
were made to-night by Dr. James
Dwight, secretary of the National Lawn
Tonnis Association,
The entry list is the largest over re
\u25a0 ceived for the Newport tournament.' los
%1 layers having signified their Inten
tion to participate, and the list con
tains the names of some of the l>est
players in the country. Lamed, Hobart,
Wright. .. Collins and Clothier being j
amocs the number.- '•• • -- -, ;
RUTLAND CORPORATION
,• ' INTERESTS ARE SOLD
•PORTLAND, Aug. 18.— The ; Seals
made,' It .threes straight, to-day by', the
time-honored method of i bunching. hits,
landing on Essick ; for three "singles in
the fourth and taking: advantage of
Mitchell's fumble. They kept the home
team : from ;sc6rlng by.- a ilucky. chance.
McLean; and-; Hoffman; were on second
and third'.with , two out when \u25a0" Atz [. shot
asizzler; ; off the Tend'of : hiSibat in- the
dlrectibnYof.lrwin.^ The third baseman
Bunch Their Hits* on Pitcher Eiisick in
V. " the Fourth Inning-...' :'-"\u25a0 V
11'&, THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATLJKDAY, AUGUSI- IU, 1905.
12
Ja. a. J& n M \u25a0; A . .;.. - . '^^- \u25a0-.. \u25a0 : \u25a0\u25a0....-". ? t " ' / • _^ . ; _j.
cm plo yjiEXT ®ESILSS?j33£!SISIISSSi>
STAR Employment omes — Reliable Japanese
and Chinese help furnished with- care.- *V
KADOTA. 4CO Powell «.; tel. Main 1.51.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
Y05HY..415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush S5O.
Finest Japanese help: house cleaning specialty;
Geo. R. Kuniabe. 343 Mason;, tel. James 5-51.
AN old estab. (ISSC) Chinese emp. office; C.
CHONG's?. removed to JI.S Pine; tel. Grant 150
H W. HOXG. 1113 Clay St.; Chinese employ-
ment ofnee: best help. Tel. East 420.
CHINESK and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel., Main 1007. BRADLSY CO.. C4O Clay.
JAPANESE. Chinese help of all kinds furnish-
ed; housj cleaning. 708 Taylor; James .630.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main 5183.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Employment for a very competent
"stenographer and efficient office assistant:
the reorganization of. business whereby men
replace j women makes it possible to secure the
-services -of such a person. Addrasa PRES-
ENT EMPLOYER, box 0370. Call. ' r i :
YOUNG Eastern lady desires position as book-
keeper, stenographer. » etc. ; highest recom-
mendations. Address MISS E. E. LOWARY,
Uvas. Santa Clara Co.. Cal. *.
SWEDISH girl wants general housework in
private family: wages $20. 1223 Rhode
Island *t. . ~,
WANTED — Bookkeeping to do at home, or will
\u25a0 take charge of collection department for a
store. Box CCSO, Call office, Oakland. .
SITUATION wanted: colored lady; . flrst-clase
cook. Inquire 613 Powell st. : wages $35. $40.
WANTED — By experienced young woman, a
position as working housekeeper or house-
work In small family; across the bay pre-
ferred; city or country; references. Address
844 Capp St., or phone Capi> 3071, S. F.
GOOD, strong nurse wants rheumatic patients;
is a good masseur. Inquire for MRS. OLSON.
1513 , Dolores St., pet. Twenty-eighth and
' Twenty-ninth. .
A MIDDLE-AGED German woman wants light
housework and cooking; wages $15. . 927
Washington st. : no postals.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by tha day;
washing, ironing or sweeping; $1 50 per day
and car fare. Address box 9185, Call.
A' YOUNG woman wants position . to do gen-
- eral housework; wages $30 to $35. Address
172S Folsom st., near Thirteenth.
INTELLIGENT woman wants position with
reflneHf people as managing housekeeper:
nothing menial. Box 9190. Call.
YOUNG college girl wants position as nur-
sery governess; only refined people apply.
Box 01S2, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED lady, neat housekeeper and
manager, would like the care of a flrse-class
home; good wages expected. Box 9192. Call.
REFINED, young German ..wants position as
nursery governess to 1 or 2 children in the
city. Box 9320. Call.
WAITING at lunches or dinners by respectabto
person. Please call 3276 Harrison st.
PLAIN sewing and. mending; will go out by
day. 1525 Broadway, corner Van Ness.
YOUNG woman' with a child wants house-
work by the day. Call 434 Sixth street.
A WOMAN wishes to work a few hours every
day. 3-8 Fremont st. : -
COMPETENT laundress wishea work by tha
day. Phone East 4543.
A YOUNG girl wants a position to do general
housework. Call at 1423 Florida St.. nr. 26th.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tha reception
of adveilisemeuts and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 \u25a0 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
RESTAURANTS, hotel 3, . resorts, bakeries or
lunch ! houses wishing competent help can
now make application to our association and
be assured of reliable people, as a number of
cooks, waiters, waitresses, bakers, etc.. are
now awaitine positions: we are not an em-
ployment agency end deal only with our own
members, thus assuring faithful, competent
help. Cair or address us> for full Information.
-..room 318, James Flood bldg. \^
DANISH man, middle-aged, wants situation;
plain gardener or man about place; private
family and country, preferred; is sober and
steady; best •of references. Address AN-
DREW JOHNSON. 331 Kearny. room 37.
NOTARY public for Alameda County. 30
years, of/age, wants position in real estate
-office.. Box 6045. Call office, Oakland.
SITUATION wanted. by reliable coachman and
gardener; good reference. S. D., 559% Fol-
som st. \u25a0• -
ED. CLAN AH AN, general housework and
cleaning, window . washing and chimney
sweeping. S2i) Jessie st. .:\u25a0_:•
THOROUGHLY .experienced wlnemaker and
cellar man wishes position. Apply 630 Sac-
ramento St., upstairs.
RELIABLE young man of 25 wishes position
of any. kind; private place preferred; good
references. Box 9219, . Call.
BARTENDER— First-clacs. steady and re-
' liable, best of city references, would like
positton in country. Box 9210, Call.
MECHANIC, understands anything In small
machines, especially in phonograph, slot
machines, clocks, camera, etc. Box 9226, Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber would like a steady Job
In a flrst-class shop. Address Box 9248. Call
office. '\u25a0 . • _^^
COOK want" a place . in - country hotel or res-
taurant. Box P3C2. Call.
A GENERAL blacksmith and ehoer want*
work in city; etrlctly sober. Box 9203, Call.
FIRST-CLASS cook and baker. 629 Ninth st.,
Oakland. ' -
SITUATION wanted by experienced collector;
wholesale house or law office; best references
\u25a0 and bonds if desired. Phone East ltiOO. or
box 9157. Call.
A TRUSTWORTHY man wishes position as
valet for some gentleman: no bad habits:
best references furnished: also write legible
hand and good reader. Box 9115, Call.
WELL educated married man desires respon-
sible office work or position as traveling
salesman. Address room 147, Occidental
Hotel. - " \u25a0 ' - "
YOUNG man wants any kind work after half-
past C for a few hours each evening. Box
0374. Call.
YOUNG man (Danish) wants position In store
or office: eDeaks - French and is quick and
accurate at figures. Box 9328, Call.
POSITION wanted by steady, reliable man;
handy with tools and experienced driver.
Box DISC. Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with tools,
inside or outside: private place, dry. Box
91S0. Call.
SITUATION wanted by reliable coachman and
gardener:' good reference. S. : D., 859% Fol-
som Ft.
CARPENTER — Elderly, flrst-class carpenter
wants work; city or country; best references.
Box 4093. Call office.
WANTED-^-By accountant, work on books
evenings cr Sundays: temporary or . perma-
nent: most reasonable terms. Box 5995. Call.
.AN experienced elderly man. small route to
carry on morning paper. Box 9181. Call.
A COLORED man would like a position as
cook or valet; references. Add. CO3 Hyda st.
ST HONG- boy -of .18 wants position as handy-
man in store. Box 5991. Call. .
JAPANESE, .thoroughly experienced gardener,
wants situation;. city or country; hope $40
month. JAPANESE GARDENER. 1222 La-
guna st.. San Francisco. ~
JAPANESE, thoroughly experienced gardener,
wants a job or day work. 1725 O'Farrell st."
phone. Geary. 3l72. -. . -. . ...
JAPANESE butler, or ; flrst-class cook wants a
position Sin family; -references. Address
SHO, 000 Du^ontst. •
JAPANESE -first-class -.waiter wants- position
In family; ; good references. H. H.. 6 El-
wcod st. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0-'. -. \u25a0 : \u25a0
JAPANESE good intelligent cook wants posi-
tion In family: wages $35 up. 710 Sutter
. -st. : r.hone East 3478.
CHINESE. first class cook wants position fam-
ily or boarding-house. 822Dupont st.
FINANCIAL.
REALTY^ SYNDICATE "AND CONTINENTAL
BUILDING AND LOAN
certificates purchased: spct cash: highest price.
See me before selling. W.L. Harper. Crocker bid.
:.- REALTY* SYNDICATE.
All certificates cashed lat top price: state ant.
of certificate; payment will be made Immedi-
. ately. G:; D. . SHADBURNE Jr.. Call b!dg.,
Realty ? Syndicate '- certs - purchased for- cash.
57% per, cent of val. M. West.box S9C6. Call.
CONTINENTAL B. & L." certificates purchased
:for cash. G. D. SHADBURNE Jr., Call bldg.'
MEETINGS — SUNDAY.
BOOT. Hall, 8 p.m.. spirit, test mtg. Maxwell-
Hovet-McKee-Samualß-Matchett-Barton.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
AA— DIVORCE; costs. $12; Quick, quiet; ad-
vice fraa: no charge unless succeFsful; open
evenings; wills, deeds, leases, bills of sale
and articles of co-partnership carefully pre- .
pared; bankruptcy, collections, and probating
of estates. C 27 Market St.. room 301.
AA— DIVORCE costs $12. .
Quick, quiet; legal advice free.
No charre unless successful. .
All law business.
Examiner building, room 816. third floor.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam, uldg.,
6th floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; all courts, general courts and office
practice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 8601.
W. MATTHEWS, attorney and counselor at
law, 632 Market *t., rocm 23; 21 years' ex-
perience; all courts; general court and office
practice; consultation free;- open evenings.
ADIVE free;, legal divorce costs $12; all law
cases bandied; no fee In advance: open Sat-
urday evenings; other evenings by appolnt-
ment; call and save monay. 819 Mkt.. r. 33.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12, all cases; pro-
bat* and attachment suits a specialty; open
evenings. Rm. 465 Parrott b1dg., '855 Market.
L. S. CLARK, 027 Market, room 302, consulta-
tlon free; no fee in nflvance. Optn evenings.
AUTOMOBILES.
OLD* 6 runabout^ a snap. /Call at 217 Ellis.'
WALTER S. FRANCS.
A bargain — 1905 White touring oar, practically
r.ew. 600 Van Ness aye.. nr. Golden Qata ava.
AJTHMA CURB.
A. DI NOLA'S M«thma remedy cures; for sale
py all druggists; main depot 1602 Market st.,
Et. Nicholas Hotel; lOe. 25c. 500 postage.
BICYCLES.
ALL kinds second-hand bicycles bought, sold
and exchanged. J. W. FRY. 1826 Polk gt.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s3oo; RESTAURANT in eausallto; choicest
location; rent $25; place seats 40 people; do-
ing & good business; full value in sight. Par-
tlculars. R. Q. WILKE. 20 v, Kearny at.
A— sl2so; BALOON, close to R. R. depot and
freight Eheds; rent $40; a good paying and
nicely fitted up place; only reason for sell-
ing sickness of owners; investigate this sa-
loon; it is a bargain and good buy. Par-
tlculare, R. Q. WILKB, 2C^ Kearny st.
A—ss2s;A — $525; NOTION and variety store on Mason
et.; 4 living rooms; rent 525; proprietor must
cell on account of alckness; rare chanca for
man and wife. Bee R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny St.
A—s3ooo:A — $3000: CORNER saloon; most prominent on
water front; long lease; must ba sold quick;
trouble between man and wife causes sale.
Bee R. Q. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— Jl25O; SALOON and liquor store on Poik
street; place established 15 years; $600 stock
guaranteed; a rare chanca. Bee R. G.
WILKE, 26^ Kearny St. - :
$2500— SALOON in wholesale district; estab-
lished 20 years; full value In sight; rent $65;
owner must attend eMtate in Germany. Par-
ticulars R. P.- WILKE, 26H Kearny et.
A—sl2so;A — $1250; CORNER delicatessen store and
dairy product on Fillmore st. ; & flrst-class
location: cash trade; rent $45; value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2Ufr Kearny st.
A— sl6oo; CORNER saloon with 5 years' lea>e;
new building: 2 rooms; elegant fixtures;
place surrounded by factories and ware-
houses; a bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, I'tStf.
Kearny st. \u25a0
A— $1000; SALOON on 6th St.; about 1 block
from Market st.; a good paying business;
great bargain; location cannot be beat. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A $1000 CHICKEN ranch across the bay;
weekly income for eggs alone $40; 7-room
houee. 1 acre land; rent only $11 50. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20 % Kearny. • .
A—so9o;A — $090; CORNER cigar stand; 5 blocks from
Chronicle building; place clears above $100
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— s4ooo; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 blocks
from corner Market and Powell; an old-es-
tabilshtd store, known to be one of beet pay-
ing groceries in this city. Call R. G. WILKE,
2ti^ Kearny at. \u25a0 -y '
A— slsoo; WATER-FRONT saloon, in very best
location and a good paying place. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^a Kearny st.
A— sl2so; CORNER fancy grocery, delicates-
sen and Ice cream business with- 4 nice living
rooms; rent $-5; 5 years' lease; place kept
by present owner U years; only cause of sale
that proprietor wishes to retire from active
business life; a flrst-class paying plaoe. In
Western Addition. R. G. WILKE. 20tf
Kearny st. -
A— s22oo; CORNER grocery and bar on ICth
bt.; rent $25; 3. living rooms; place estab-
lished years; doing about $30 business per
day: good stock; full value in eight- Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ' " '
A— s3oo; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store with rooms; kept by owner 7 years;
must be bold at once; owner to leave the
city. Callß. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A— slsoo; BAKERY in San Mateo Co.; located
in the most fashionable town; large cash
trade; wagons, horses: dally store receipt?
above $40. Call R. G. WILKE. 26*,4 KearnM
A— s3soo; CORNER saloon;. most prominent lo-
cation on Market st.; rent $50;; owner kept
this place the last 4 years and always did
a fine business; must leave the city 'on ac-
count of other engagements. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— s2soo; PARTNER in best corner saloon on
water front; 5 years', lease; no rent to pay;
about 20 barrels of whisky on hand; a rar«
chanca. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— sl7so; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; surrounded by factories and wholesals
houses; owner has 3 places; must sell one.
' See R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— s22oo; CORNER raloon with 6 furnished
rooms; rent $100; lease; one of the best cor-
ners north of Market st. Call R. G. WILKE.
2C% Kearny st. . .
A— s2ooo; CORNER saloon, on Third st. with
7 rooms; rent $S5; one of the best located
places on the most prominent business part
cf Third et.: full value in sight. Call R. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny st. ' •
A— ssooo; THE leading saloon in Monterey,
with 5 years' lease; rent $60; stock will in-
voice about $2000: this Is a bonanza; full
valup in eight: owner is compelled by other
investments to sell at once. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 20%' Kearny gt.
A—?! CCO: GROCERY and bar; best location
Ocean View; rent $25; full value In a'.ght; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $1100; DELICATESSEN etore, with dairy
produce; living rooms; very best location on
Third rt., near Call building. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—Sr>soo;A — Sr>500; MOST prominent corner saloon; one
, block frcm Phelan bldg.; lease: many for-
tunes made in - this comer; a very- rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—sl7so;A — $1750; SAUSAGE factory and- pork etore.
hc-rpe. wagon; business established many
years; has a large patronage in wholesale
trade, also doing rushing etcre trade; owner
to retire only cause of Eale. See H. G.
WILKE. 2c',5 Kearny st. , .
A—52SOO;A — 52S00; THE most prominent' corner ealoon
en .Sixth st.. with lease, and cigar eland. In
Croat; quarrels among partners only cause of
rale; not all ranh necessary. Call R. G. ,
WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— 52000; FANCY, grocery . and delicatessen
store on Sacramento Et., Western "Addition;
rent $30; 3 years' lease; full value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny. St.
A— s7ooo; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict: place clears about $COO per month; 1
years' lease. Call R. G. WILKE, 2ti% Kear.
Ny st. \u25a0 ' \u25a0 : - - ,
STEADY, reliable man wanted with $200 as
partner in business established for- years;
pays $S5 monthly to each; experience not nec-
essary; short hours. 1027% Market St.; r. 2.
STOCK companies incorporated; if you have
btbeks or bonds for snle. offer th;rn through
me to Investors.. GEORGE M. KELLOGG
broker. 34.1 Elllcott Square. Buffalo. N. Y. "
I WANT to buy small restaurant or coffee and'
cakes Ft and . or .- lunch ! counter, etc. ; owners
only. Bex 0379. Call- office.
P £JNTINO plant; price $1300; if part removed
*<00; good location; owner not strong.' Ad-
> dress Printing Plant. • box 0330, Call office.
BRANCH bakery for sale; Hopkins St., near
Frultvale aye.. Frultvale; doing rood busi-
ness. F. JASPER, above address. ,
FOR salt— First-class bakery; fine condition-
best city; . Sacramento 'Valley; good reason
for selling. P. Q. box <3. Woodland, Cal.
SALOON — «th st.: a well recommended, prom-
inent and old estab.- place: lease; low rent-
only half cash necessary; no agents. 118 4th.'
SALOON-for sale; flret-class location on Mar-
ket st. : must be sold at once. See owner
152S Market st. ' .'\u25a0 -•
ICECREAM and candy parlor for eale* best
location in town.- ; 443; Bush St.- •
WANTED— Person with capital for progressing
patent. Box; 83S8, Call office.- - * ;
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
. 3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
63 rooms; fine new brick building: choice
central location; newly furnished in best oak
furniture, Axmlnster and velvet carpents: elec-
tric elevator, lights and' all modern conven-
iences: .beautiful, light and airy halls; in fact
a splendid proposition; can be. bought for less
than half cost to furnish; part cash. : balance
long time at low interest: price $3000.
.". 44: rooms; fine corner, close in; well fur-
nished throughout: always full and pays hand-
somely; biggest bargain "in city; price $3000.
25 rooms; new. modern buildings;- new and
elegantly furnished; first-class downtown lo-
cation; cheap rent with lease: most - complete
j house of its .size In city; call for particulars.
70 rooms; new, modern, downtown house;
cheap rent, long lease: well furnished: first-
class condition; choice location and clears over
$250 per month; to be sold -at big bargain.
24 rooms, beautiful little apartment house:
choice location: cheap." rent; . elegantly fur-
nished;' B and 4 rooms each; new, modern in
every particular; ill health cause of sale."
14 rooms: fine location: rent only $50; north
Market: • good furniture and carpets; all full;
price $750.
23 rooms, downtown; rent $100; good furni-
ture- and carpets, and If run right can make
a mint of money out of it and will only take
$200 to get in; balance can be paid out of
house; price $1000.
19-room corner house; fine location; oak fur-
niture, good carpets; everything flrst-class con-
dition; all full and clearing $75 per month; an
excellent buy af $1250.
6 rooms; central; rent $32 60; elegantly fur-
nished little home; fine buy at $350.
18 rooms; Ellis St.; rent only $70; newly fur-
nished; finest kind of location; bergaln, $1050.
37 rooms; fine corner; downtown; cheap rent;
flrst-class furniture and carpets; one of the
beet little transient houses In city and can be
got at big bargain: $2250.
: 38 rooms; fine corner; new and elegantly
furnished apartment house; rent $200; price
$2800.
6- room and alcove beautiful modern flat near
Sutter st. ; all light and sunny; elegantly fur-
nished, with. fine upright piano; bargain; $600.
16 "rooms; central location; well furnished;
good corner; cheap rent; will be sold for face
of mortgage; $950. . \u25a0 -
30 rooms, new'- and modern; fine location;
well furnished and paying well, but owner Is
obliged to leave city, and to make quick sale
reduced to half cost to furnish for $1500.
Large list of exchanges of all kinds always
on hand. . .
, A. CAMERON & CO., 3 EDDY ST.
HAVE you city • real estate mortgaged and'
cannot cell? Iftso we can put you into a
paying apartment-house, containing 62
rooms, private bath with each apartment,
all rooms | light and sunny, cheap rent, fur-
nished by one of the best furniture hous's
In S. F.: clears about $400 per month; call
for particulars at our office. WINSTON &
WOLF, 1020 Market st. .j_
FISHER & CO Phone Main 3354
• : Room 433 James Flood building.
Furnished rooming-houses, hotels and flats.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESSOR~NIBLo7~"
PROFESSOR NIBLO. "
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
—PROFESSOR NIBLO,
ASTRO-TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT. ;
MY $5 CELEBRATED LIFE READINGS. $1.
- I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge, if I fail to call you by
name in full, names of your friends, enemies
or rivals; 1 promise to tell ,yjrti whether your
husband, wife or sweetheart is true or false,
tell you how to gain the love of the one you
most desire, even though miles away; how to
succeed in business, - speculation, lawsuits;
how* to marry the one of your choice; how-to
regain youth, health and vitality; removes
evil influences,' cures -drink habit: -locates
treasures, cures all nervoue diseases.
How. can I have good luck? . ,
How can I succeed in business?
How can -I make my home happy?
How can I marry the one I choose?
How soon can I marry? \u0084
How can I make any one love met
How toon will my lover propose?
How can I get a good position?
How can I control any on«j?. ....
How can I hold my husband's • love?
How can I keep my wife's love?
HOURS, 10 TO S DAILY AND SUNDAY.
411 A ELLIS ST., NEAR JONES* ST.
Permanently located In his own home.
PROFESSOR NIBLO. . .
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
AAA— The Great, Only and Original *
PRINCESS EUGENIA.
The Veiled ProDhetess,
Dead Trance Medium, .
. . Trance Clairvoyant.
Born with a- Double Veil. ..
Educated In Occult in Egypt and India.
' $5 ' Complete Life Readings, $1. -
Tells your name — Tells you when and whom
i you will marry. <
Settles love quarrels and promptly re-
unites the separated, no matter how long
Etandins. - • •
"\u25a0Advlbes in regard to speculation .in real
estate, mining and minerals — locates mines —
lost and stolen articles.* - . \u25a0 - • >
Removes evil influences *id gives you
power to control the one you love. \u25a0\u25a0
London's most famous palmist and clair-
voyant; Is acknowledged by press and pub-
lic the greatest living dead , trance medium.
She tells you what you came for before
you utter a word; 'does not ask questions,
no matter what your trouble may be.
Call and 'she. will guide you with cer-
tainty higher than human power. Tells
you the truth, good or bad. \u25a0
Write her if you can't call. Six questions
answered by mall, $1. Send date birth. lock
hair. . ,
Hours— lo to 5 daily and Sunday. .
Private; no sign; ring bell. 404-^Eddy st— 4o4
• PROF. ALEXANDER DELMAR,
Th« Greatest Living .
Clairvoyant, Palmist and Psychic Healer.
No matter what your troubles, sickness or
desires may be, Prof. Delmar. will help you, or
take no pay; kind, honorable and confidential
treatment to all., Full life reading $1.
Dally- from 10 a. m. to sp. m. ; Wed. and
Sat evenings." 7 to 9; Sundays. 1 to 4 p. m.
114— Geary Street— ll4.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis st.
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, can be consulted
on all affairs' of. life; Miss Wllle guarantees
an honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; re-
veals the past: gives correct forecast of your
future; advises you on Important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gives the secret how. to control, charm, fas-
' clnate the. one you love; reading. $1; hours
10-8 p. m.;. French, 'German, English spoken.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, ,1104
Market st., San Francisco. : Office \u25a0 hours — 10
a. m. to 6 p. \u25a0 m., Sundays 10 to 12. Phone
South 1141. \u0084 . ' . •
MISS. ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals hidden '\u25a0\u25a0 secrets, love, business, etc. ;
. names; L. 5Cc, G. $1. 033 Golden Gate aye.
MME. " BERNARD reads : your life correctly;
advice given on all affairs of lifft; satisfac-
\u25a0 tlon guar.; 25c up. 17. 1 d/ next Examlner-bld.
MME. KRONENBERG. clairvoyant, card- rcad-
»er,- Dalmlst; when others fall try me; good
_readlng 25c: no. sign. 102%. bth, nr. Mission.
MME. RAVENNA; the marvelous clairvoyant,
. gives : names, advice, in all. affairs. 5 4th st:
Mmc. '\u25a0' Marseau, clairvoyant, card reader; L.
25c.: G. 50c. ; hours. 10 to 10. :i(J Stockton.
MISS WARD. E clairvoyant, I card reader; gives
.names.' 3 dates and facts:' 122S " Market; rm.' 2.
MRS.' SHAFFER,"' clairvoyant." card reader, has
removed from 108 -- Sixth '-st. : to 054 Mission.
•",,: spiritualism. : \u25a0
A— MRS. J.J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1200 Market, r.i 10. i Gait House.
MRS. E. J. WILLIAMS, . spiritual adviser, no
. .better. In 'city.*-, 110 Sixth- st."'.. room 8. ' '\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0": -
EARLK'S seance Sun.. -Wed.. 210 : Eddy st. ;
. readings. , ; Hotel ". Hlgginis, ; O'Fsrrcll. St. '
v^PALMISTRY.^ ,;' _^ _ _^ ' '
A— RETURNED. H. 1 Jerome. FosselH. scientific
palmist.'-' CI 2 Mason, nr.* Sutter:. tel. Hlack .V "\u25a0
/HYPNOTISM. .
DE LAUFF, * masmetlst, 1 700 Bush st. ; hours
1-5: nervous, .mental ilia, - habits cured; no
-drugs. \u25a0--- •- "--- ' \u25a0'.:.-\u25a0--.'\u25a0.-'•--.-
•EMPLOYMEXT J OFFICES.
OLDEST .' Japanese-Chinese . Emp. ' Office
- promptly ;\u25a0\u25a0 t urn. ': j all '-\u25a0- kinds fof ; reliable help.
George Sakauye, . : 421 ' Post : st. ;\ tel. Bush , 135.
UP-TO-DATE j Japanese-Chinese : emp.^'offlce
furnishes reliable help of all. kinds promptly. •
1 V H. ;? SAIKI.-; 405 ; Pest st. ; '; tel. : James 501; ; -
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help.' 420 Powell st.; tel. Main 5752.
RoomlnfC-Housea and Hotels for Snle.
"i. '-- : :•' \u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0-:-'\u25a0\u25a0. p \u25a0 -\u25a0 \u25a0.-.'\u25a0..
.jj. .... \u25a0. ; ; •. \u0084-.'. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 -\u25a0'\u25a0', .. .-\u25a0; \u25a0 . . \u25a0\u25a0 ..
B.— marion ( griffin. ....'
b] • '. ' ' ' • ." \u25a0 '\u0084-.\u25a0>
'«\u25a0— marion griffin.
8! — . \u25a0 \u25a0 i- :a \u25a0' \u25a0 ''\u25a0 -'
9.— ' V GRIFFIN.
Ill—' ' ' •'-'). '\u25a0 : '- ' \u25a0 \u25a0 ;
12.— 970 —Market — St.— room— SQl — Eighth
13. — floor — James— Flood— Building — opposite
14.— "The — Emporium."— Phone— Main— 3343.
15.— Modern — Business— Methods.— ROOMlNG
IC— and — APARTMENT— Houses.— Abstracts
17. — furnished. — All — titles — guaranteed.
18.— Our Ellis — St. — .Entrance - — U
20i— THE — . GOLDEN^— 'wEST— HOTEL— .
21.— i— TAKE —i THE —'ELEVATOR—
' 1 .—BEAUTIFULLY FURNISHED.
2. — NEW, 87-room house on Ellis st.
. 3.— Swell marble entrance. \u25a0- -\u25a0 \u25a0 '• .
4. — Average | monthly profit \u25a0 $175 '
0. — All ladles of refinement Instantly note
6. — The superiority of. this house. ,;:/^*?
7.— First payment 'slsoo. in cash. . -
8. — Tha location is simply the best ,
t». — The lady owner- is anxious to sell,- ' . *
10. — As she wants a house twice as large. ;
11. — You oan Inspect this house by .-' \u2666
12. — Going with an agent frfem . > ..
13.— -',- : MARION GRIFFIN'S Office.
14.— .-:-?•"•. • , .970 Market St..
15.— ' . . .. : 7 Opposite "Tha : Emporium." .
, . ' "\u25a0' '\u25a0\u25a0',\u25a0'. 2. ' " : ' "
• \u25a0 a, J- \u25a0}
: \u25a0 *.•.\u25a0\u25a0'-...,'\u25a0\u25a0-•.. '\u25a0'\u25a0'/\u25a0 ,
-. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 :/'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0'-.---'-\u25a0' x>. ' ':\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '" \u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0:'\u25a0,-<: ' ;
I.— Big bargain; $3000 (^cash) .takes -
. i* — A «O-rcom, cratrally located • housa. i
8. — Bankable profit $200 monthly. \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0' •
\u2666.-^-Electric : elevator and electric . lights. \u25a0 • : , >
B.— See the' agent. MARION GRIFFIN, |
' «\u25a0— -. 970 Market St.. opp. "Emporium." ;
~~- \u0084; - .,-, •,-\u25a0-• !. . ;
».'\u25a0 .\u25a0-\u25a0'. - .'. \u25a0'\u25a0-" 2. \ .:\u25a0 \u25a0
- \u25a0:' ' •'\u25a0:\u25a0'. \u25a0•'\u25a0 .- . : . : q \u25a0 \u25a0'. • • . -
"*'*.. " ' i •\u25a0\u25a0-••:--\u25a0 '
. 1-— A — 18-room— corner— house \u25a0
2.— For. the nominal • price of " $2800.
B.r-Term s $1000 down and Installments.
• 4. — Laid; out< mostly in. apartments. .-•• -
5. — Landlady takes care of ten rooms.
6.— Bankable profit $190 each month.
7.— Furnishings, cost $4500. •. - --'- ;\u25a0• - !
.B.— Located in the residential- district. . .
:0. — For sale, of course.. by ' '• '
.10.— , —MARION GRIFFIN.
11. — - —The Agent, \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'..
12.— — »70 Market St.. room 801.
18.— . . — Opposite "The \u25a0 Emporium."
14. — — Ellis-st. entrance Is
15. — — Opposite Golden West Hotel.
___
X.
\ \u25a0 \ . •\u25a0 \u25a0 -3.
4.
5.
I.— BUTTER-ST. BARGAINS.
2. — 14 rooms; rent $50; prlca 1400.
8. — Terms cash and Installments.
4. — It's a sunny corner house.
5.— \u25a0 • — -Alsc-; \u25a0
6. — 88 rooms; cost $6010 In cash.'
7. — Owner crippled -in hospital. ..
8. — Lease, with rent per room \u25a0 $5
9.— Price 'put down to— '\u25a0 — $2000
10. — Highly respectable. •
11. — Terms % cash if desired. \u25a0
12.— Properly - managed, should clear $150
13. — Each month above all expenses. \u25a0 -
14.— ••••••'.- \u25a0••\u25a0-_ Also— "..
15.— 30 rooms-on a splendid sunny "-^
16. — Corner and clearing $190 monthly.
17. — All- the bargains -for sale by ! v
18.— .: .-' . MARION GRIFFIN.
19. — ' '\u25a0\u25a0 Room SOI, James Flood Building.
20.— (The finest office building in tha city.)
": \u25a0 ' . ' ' '-\u25a0 ."' \u25a0; i. \u25a0•'
'2.
• - \u25a0 -a • \u25a0 '
I.— i, $450
B.— lo rooms. \u25a0\u25a0 ' $450
4.'— 10 rooms.- ;\u25a0 : - $450]
6. — . • _
o.— Located . near \u25a0 Geary and . Mason. $450]
B.— BRAND NEW furnishings. ' $450]
10.'— FULL OF ROOMERS. -
11.— .' \u25a0 "\u25a0• — — rY ;• .\u25a0 - '
12.— Insured for $900. . ' -
13.— - ... - ••• .•": -'•
14.— MARION GRIFFIN;, Agent. 970 Market. .
\u25a0y i. \u25a0'\u25a0 " -'-\u25a0:.
2.
"\u25a0 . : • -'\u25a0;:\u25a0:.' 3. ''\u25a0.••--•- ..- '
• . , - -.'• \u25a0 -i. \u25a0" '. , .-- •
\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0*. 5.'-.'' . . -- : -
1. — A'BWELL modern 'apartment housa. \u25a0 '
2. — 103 j rooms ; 103 rooms,
.8. — All in splendid 3-room apartments. -
4. — Full of selected tenants.'; \u25a0 ; .
6. — Should clear monthly $300 to $3SO.
O.— MUST BE SOLD. -•\u25a0-\u25a0':
T. — We will explain -to YOU the reason.
8. — You are hereby cordially invited
9. — To thoroughly .-examine- the housa
10. — And then make jus an offer and
11.— To suggest terms suitable to* you.
12.— MARION GRIFFIN. THE AGENT,
13. — Will go with you to see \u25a0 it. • • •'
14.— • .• . Respectfully, \u25a0 J
15.— • - - . ' .... -The Owner, j
16.-^-P. S. — The rent is only $5 per room.
1 it - . - ' .1.- '\u25a0 ' - -
2. \u25a0 :\u25a0
\u25a0' . * ',".\u25a0' •' 3 - \u25a0 " \u25a0
\u25a0 - 5i ' \u25a0'."" ' ' '
I.— ARH YOU: LOOKING
. 2.— FOR A CERTAINTY?
8. — If so,' call on]
4.— MARION GRIFFIN.
5.— THE AGENT,]
6.— And get details of '
\u25a0 7. — ,' • ; '." *' ' My 82-room]
8. — Apartment' house, from which r>
9.— 1 RECEIVE $100 net profit every month.
10. — Location is unsurpassed from , ,
11.— Every point of view. • ' ' .
12. — RENT Is 'less than $5 per room.
13.— Price reasonable and easy \u25a0 terms,
14.— What more could, you ask, •-\u25a0
15.— . — "EXCEPT; 1 —
16. — The reason for disposing of
17. — Such a place, . . • • , /
18. — Which Is plain when explained? , '
'. 5. : - - v --.\u25a0
' I.— SWELL 1 . RESPECTABLE. " homellka
' 2. — 10-room house.
\u25a08. — Located near Pine and Hyde.
. 4.— Price $500, in- \u25a0 -.' \u25a0'• ; :
'6. — Which Is about half the : value.
6. — Rent $40; very cheap for such a housa.
7. — Profit $35 over all expenses.
B.— —MARION GRIFFIN—
9. — - " — 070 Market st. — . .
10. — — Opposite "The \u25a0 Emporium."— '
I.— WINDOWS galore, 57 or more.
2. — SACRIFICE sale j of '42 rooms.'
8. — Ten blocks north of Market • st.
4. — SICKNESS cnuses eale of this
5. — House; : established more than 10 years.
C. — It has always been a good":
I 7. — Payer; never less than '. . . . . :
B.^sloo profit per month ; r properly ,
, 9.— 7 Managed should clear over $200.,
10.— It's, an. extraordinarily sunny
11. — CORNER HOUSE of 57 window!
12. — Rent. only $135, with a lease.
13. — Price out down to $1400. '
14.— See MARION GRIFFIN this week.' .-'\u25a0 \u25a0
15.— . 070 Market st.
— _ _ — — — . .
\u25a0 -' i 2. . '; \u25a0
'.*-. -3. - : '. ' ' \u25a0
\u25a0<\u25a0 • •«. \ \u25a0--
i' \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0'. X 6.- -\u25a0'
I.— SPECIAL MENTION; • 23-room houia
2.— NKWLY and: well furnished.- : ' \u0084* v
3.— RENT s\, per r00m. .... . . . /
4.— LEASE for 6 years. "
\u25a06. — Full -of gentlemen roomera. \u25a0
6.— PRICE $1000,— vhich.ls- •-
\u25a07.— LESS THAN COST... ... .
B.— REMARKABLE .terms;; only $300 down
• 9. — And • $25 monthly Installments.
10.— INTEREST only. 1 . per. cent.
11. — Wp back you for $700 see?
12.— PROFIT about . $83 monthly.
13.— NOTE— ..•\u25a0"- -.-:...,;.
14.— A wealthy ' lady .with .a . kind
16.— Heart furnished Uhls -, house for
16.— Afriend ,who: cannot' now; ::,
17.— Take \u25a0 charge. .?. It. is a , great ;
18.— Opening i for some ' deserving man
19.— And- wife'. with 'good references :'\u25a0 /
20.— See . MARION i GRIFFIN, the - agent. •
21.— 970 : Jlarketi- St., -opp. -"The ". Emporium."
SPECIAL— i ".' : lI'J- \u25a0'\u25a0 --:*:*V.;~4 \u25a0:. -.-'.\u25a0 -:— -
. .'-\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0 GREAT BARGAIN. ,
I ' Hotel, elegantly and t completely ' furnished
\u0084 ." NEW THROUGHOUT. V
: Heart , of • the I city. - . Kvery ; room occupied.
. Income .$l2OO- monthly. \u0084 -
Expenses $763 ". per month. ' ~
Net monthly : profit $457. : \u25a0
Must ; go < East .to » settle \u25a0 estate. .
- -viLocatlonrunexcelled.'' . '\u25a0:'\u25a0.'
MARION ; GRIFFIN, ,; 970 . , Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages: In wrapper.' for mailing. $1 per year
DR. ; PIERCE" S Magnetic - Eiastic • Truss ; per-
:: i .fectiretalner;*positive»cure; book free. Re-
V moved' to 208 Kearny i st." room : 307. r V
BAD' tenants Vejected for : $4;: collection! '^made;
.-. city j or -country.:. Pacific .'Collection' Co.. 415
st., rooms 9-10. Tel. f Main 5580.
FLATS TO LET.
\u25a0 AAAA
Every desirable vacant dwelling is liat-4 ja
our renting department. Combined lists from
25 of the largest agencies. Savea a world of
time and trouble.
Service is absolutely, free.
You are not asked to boy or area look at f».
nlture. Welcome!
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY.
,IUK> Market' St.. opposite McAllister.
A^C— COMPLETED LIST OF HOUSES^
FLATS, apartment and rooming houses; our
renting department is free to all; we can
find you a home in any Dart of the city;
ask for co payment other than your good
will: we do not ask you to buy or ev«n look
at the goods: use this department freely;
you are more than welcome. _
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 245-239 Geary
- st. (on the square). \u25a0>.
TO let— New 2-story swell flats; rent $22 50
and $25; 12 rented out of 14: close to main
entrance to Park and other locations; no ob-
. jectionable light wells or insido rooms la
these flats; every room sunny; ft car lines;
every latest improvement. Apply new build-
ings. Fifth aye., bet. Fulton and C sts..
, from 2 to 4 p' m.
NEW. medern flat. 5 rooms, bath; rsnt $20. 3*J3
California st. South, bet. California and Cle-
ment. 4th and sta avea.: near * car lines.
NEW middle flat. 7 rooms and tath: 2 toilets.
2023 Oak St.. opp. Golden Gats Park; owl
car service. . \u25a0
TO let — Nice, sunny upper flat; 0 rooms and
bath; grand marine view. Southeast corner
Jonea and Broadway. ' \u25a0 -
O*l-ARRELL. 1920-1937— Modern Cats, 6-8-7
rooms; basement, yard; reasonable to good
tenants.
VIY'K rooms, bath; sun all day; clean. 837
Capp. near Twenty-fourth.
FLAT to let on Baker nr. California: 6 rms..
bath: rood view. Inquire 81 Hermann st.
LAKE, 742— Newly tinted, 6- room flat: over-
looking • Mountain Lake Park and Pnxldlo.
SUNNY uprer flat 3 rooms: good condition:
$10. 653 Jessie st.. aoove Seventh.
SUNNY lower flat: 4 rooms and bath; in good (
order; $16. So Lanzton st. -
TWO sunny Cats: 4 rooms each; rent reason-
able. 22 Sumner St.. off Howard, nr. Eighth.
UPPER Cat, 3 rooms an* bath, unfurnished.
at 2521 Sixteenth at. near Folaom.
FOUR rooms and bath. 221 Laurel aye.. bet.
Turk and Eddy, off Van Nesa. ..-
LAGUNA. 3021 — Sunny flat of « rooms and
bath: rent only $20. ' '
$20 — CORNER flat; 8 sunny rooms. 110 San
. Jose aye. \u25a0
ELEGANT flats on Park Panhandle. 1537-IS4I
Oak St.; open from 10 to 4 dally.
POST, 260TB — Flat of 5 rooms: all modern lm-
provements; no children; $15 50.
NOE. 1056 — New flat: modern improvements;
near Twenty-fourth and Castro car»: 6 rooms.
ELEGANT apartments — 4 rooms, bath each;
rent $20. Franklin st.. near Greenwich.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHEP.^
CLAYTON. 615. near Haight — A nVw 9-room
modern middle flat: beautifully furnished;
rent very reasonable to reaponsiSle parties.
$35— SEVENTEENTH st.. 4CCB; Castro cars; *
\u25a0 ?nap; 6 rooms, elegantly furnished: upper,
sunny, complete, yard, garden and linen.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
WELL furnished sunny bay-window cor., ft
rooms, bath.xgas; rent $10; reasonable price.
Box 9119. Call office.
FURNISHED Cat of 5 sunny rooms at a sac-
riflce; bath: modern. 65 Lily av>. \u25a0>*-v?.-'-
FOR sale— Furnished Cat of 4 rooms. 521
Hayes st.
FURNITURE of 3-room lower flat for sale,
cheap; rent $7. "i:;\\. Minna st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ALMOST given away: unredeemed storage pi-
anos & Furn. Whitehead'9 Storage. 1838 Mkt.
FURNITURE . WANTED.
A — PHONE South 1015; it will pay you to send
for me before you sell your furniture, car-
pets, piano, etc. M. GALUCK. 201 Larkln.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO., 1321 Market
st.. bet. 9th and 10th. paying hi-* money for
furniture, etc. Phone South 179.
HENRY MAYER pay» highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 813.
Z." ABE LEVY. 1135 Market St.. phone Jessto
761. pays cash and buys everything.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
FOUR cooks, German families $30-535
2 cooks. American families, llttla wash.s3o-35
Cook. 10 adults, no washing $25
Cook, worklngmen's hotel, city ?;:•>
Laundress, private family ........... ...S3O
3 second giris. city and Oakland.... $25
Nurse. 2 children, Berkleey $25
Second girl. Monterey; 30 second girls. San
Mateo -• $30
Housework. San Ansel mo .$3O
Waltres3 for springs, fara her a $'-'3
German nursegirl .........s'.'3
Cook, small beard Ins-house. $3l>
4 waitresses for restaurants .....* $3, *:»
3 commercial and family hotel waitresses, *-."»
Housekeeper, man and little girl. $25
40 general housework girls $20-$25-.*J<V
Call to-day. J. F. CRO3ETT & CO..- 331W"
Sutter st.
A YOUNG woman to wash, glasses and fine
dishes in first-class hotel; $3O room and
board. MISS PLUNKETT. 42£ Batter St..
near Powell.
A COOK at a mine, $40. Sea party here.
2 waitresses for nrst-class hotel in city, $-3.
A pantry girl for flrst-elass hotel. $\u25a0'>'>.
A girl to assist in a delicatessen store. $25.
A German nurse for a grown child. *30.
10 housework girls at $25 and $30. city places.
MISS PLUNKETT. 423 Sutter. near Powell.
GIRLS to learn hairdressing. manicuring, mas-
sage, etc.. from A to Z in 1 mo. for $5 '.<\
thofe entering now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; day and evenins
class. College. 234 Post St.. room 17, 2d floor.
WANTED— GirIs to learn millinery for fall; 2 '
eeasona from start to finish in 1 mo. for $13:
positions guaranteed $12 per week up; learn
now for Aug. positions. 5ch001.234 Post. r. Id.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATOR 3 ON OVER-
ALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
GOOD PAY;i STEADY WORK. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 32& FREMONT ST. MX.
DAVIS.
SEWING machine operators on shirts; clean,
light factory; steady work; Inexperienced
young women taught and paid while learn-
ing. LEVI STRAUSS &-CO.. 1373 Mtssioa
at., bet. 14th and 15th. MR. HIND3HAW.
HOP plckera — Tickets for Hopland ready on
• and after Monday. Aug. 21; train leaves
Friday and Saturday. Aug. 25 and 28; call
' «arly and secure tickets.. AMERICA}*
HOP- AND BARLEY CO.. 227 California st.
LADIES to do fancy .work at home durin*
spare time; easy, rapid and fascinating;
about 10c per hour at first. Call 1344 Mar-
ket St.. opposite Seventh, from 9 to 5.
A YOUNG nurse girl: $12. $15 and found.W'
Call at 233 Third aye., Richmond District. W
Sutter-st. car. - *\u25a0\u25a0'
WANTED— Experienced woman cook and laun-
dress- must hava good references; $30. Apply v
' Sat.. Sun.. 12 to $. at 2550 Washington at.
FRENCH maid for 3 children. Apply Saturday
"and Sunday, bet. 11 and 12 a. m., 1713 Jack-
son St.: $25. \u25a0 . i . \u25a0 •
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do llsht house-
work; also to act as companion to elderly
lady. Call after 9 a. m. at 5238 \Harrlson.
A — GIRLS wanted to make campaign bot-
\u25a0 tons. J. C. IRVINE & CO.. 751 Market at.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work; tha best
-, pay. in town. 28 Harriet. st.
GIRL for cooking and downstairs work; refer-
ences required. Call 2311 Broadway.
YOUNG lady for the stage. Call from 10 to 4
p. m.. HARRY SEYMOUR. 278 Turk st.
AN experienced millinery maker. 131 Poat «t.
WANTED — Experienced millinery saleswomen.
Apply between 9 ' and 11 a, m." at HALE
BROS/ .;
WANTED — Experienced Jacket - alteration
hand. Apply between 9 and 11 a.- m. at
HALE BROS.' \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0-\u0084.
WANTED— Experienced skirt alteration hand
- Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at: HALS I
BROS.' .
WANTED — A young woman for . light house- >
work In Sausalito: 4 adults; small wash--*
Isg: wages $15. Box 0208. Call. -^
WANTED — Young- ladies to train as nurse;
references. Call St. Anthony Hospital, Eight-
eenth and Grove sts.. Oakland.
GIRL : wanted for general housework. Apply
2223 Clay St., corner Buchanaa.
' BUSINESS CH^jO | ES~»Contlnned.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050
\u25a0 3-Eddjrst., cor. Market and Powell.: ,
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
A—s3oooA — $3000 buys first-class coal, wood and ice
"business; also electric plant for sawing wood:,
located in fine bay town: equipped with,
horses and wagons; doing good business;.
clearing over $150 per month; established ten/
years; owner has other business and cannot
devote his time to it. See CAMERON & CO.
A — AN Investment of $500 to $1000 will secure
the position of secretary and treasurer for
flrat-clags corporation; salary $100 per
"month; Is well established ;. bank references.
See CAMERON & CO. ' \u25a0 "
$4500 — CORNER, family liquor store and ealoon;
0 rooms, elegantly furnished; rent $60; long
lease. RIORDAN & LESS, 935 Market/ r. 5.
$1200-— CORNER saloon, ' with .living rooms; .5
years' lease. RIORDAN & LESS. 685 Market.
$400^ — CIGAR store and factory, wholesale, dis-
trict.- RIORDAN & LESS, 935 Market; r. 5.
R. E. CALLAHAN, : 2<5 Montgomery st.
Telephone John- CSOOV j; . i-
BuslneFs ' locations' and- leases a', specialty.
Confidential information on several . first-class
groceries and bars ; also several well-located
and good-paying saloons. . . > \u25a0 . "' :\u25a0•\u25a0.\u25a0 ' •-
WATCHES — fl down and SI a week; any kind
of case or movements. RALPH & ED. 143
Powell st., upstairs.: . . \u25a0 » . "\u25a0 '-.
WATCHES, diamonds. Jewelry, silverware and,
sealskins on small weekly or monthly pay-
ments. RALPH & ED, 143 Powell, upstairs.
RARE tbeatrioal opportunity: $3000 to $5000,
capital; established and making-money; live
interior city; J 2OO to $400 Desldes salary; ob-
ject concentrating Interests. \u25a0 Particulars
TONY LUBELSKI. . . -
TO lease — A brick plant; 40,000 capacity daily;
engine, boiler, crusher and every- facility for
making flret-class brick! unlimited quantities'
of olay. Apply DR. C. C, O'DONNELL,
1021 H Market St.; tei. South 622. -.'.-\u25a0 : >
FOR sale— Part or all of $350,000 sawmill
.proposition, with valuable adjuncts; r sure;
money-maker, but needs money to swing lt;»
principals only. Address box 7040, Call.v : '
PRINTING plant: price $13C0; . If..- part re-
\u25a0 moved $700; good section; owner not strong.
Address printing plant, box 0330, , Call office. '
RESTAURANT: seats 32: B. years', lease; nice
trade; cheap rent: urgent, business compels'
me to go East. S. B. DALE, 1303^ \u25a0 Castro. ;
$900 — STORE and fixtures; good . business;
- muat cell account sickness. 1755 Seventh st.,'
Oakland. . . , , \ . :
NEWSPAPER route for sale in Oakland;' a'
• good Call route in Oakland for sale. "'Apply:
at Call Business Office for particulars, c .
FOR sale — Boston Oyster-house and Restau-
rant; disagreement In partnership. 181 6th.
$500 — Saloon; good stock: fixtures; 8 living rms
furnished: rent $20. FOSTBR. 25 Chronicle."
SALOON and lunch place for eale; expenses
low. 168 Fourth st.
OYSTER and chophouse with 23 , chairs, 4
boxes: registered; rent $30. 1557 UKrket st.
NOTION, candy and laundry office for sale;
account deoarture. 2012^. Mason : st. .
GOOD oyster-house for sale; opposite new post-
office; fine location; 3 years, lease. 50 7th.'
BARBER shop and cigar stand for sale; doing
well; nice furniture; cheap rent 1303 Castro.
FOR sale — Delicatessen and restaurant;': good
place for man and wife. \u25a0 Box 'B2oo. Call- /
HAY. grain, wood and - coal yard, account of
- sickness; must sell. . 1630 Mission st.
GOOD Call route for. sale. Apply at ~ Call
office. -.;.\u25a0• . •
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
i tlon of advertisements and subscriptions ' has
been opened at . 1008 Market' st., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
CARPET-DEATIXG AND : CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for oleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carptt and • rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. .S. F. Com-
pressed Air • Cleaning Company, 30S • Market
St.; phone Main 152 and Bush 479. '
WHEN you become disgusted with your work.
Bend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison' St.; Al oleaning, 3c. FRED- HAGE-
DORN : & CO. ; phone Mission 225.
JOELL & CO.. 82 Eighth St.: cleaning and lay.
ing; satisfaction guaranteed. Phone Mint 2T.2.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co., P. McQueen,
proprietor. 820 Guerrero st.; tel. Mission 49.
CARPETS clean., 1 fit., lay. 530 G.G.ave. ;phone
East 19C5. Star. Ren. Co., W. Wagner, Mgr.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
Golden Gate ave. -ftLerkln; 'phone. East 120.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter st. ;
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM & CQ-. Props.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning. 8c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
LACE CURTAINS AND BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S New York Curtain -House: most
complete plant for cleaning lace curtains and
blankets. 1324 Fillmore: phone Pine 2C22.
DENTISTS.
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL COMPANY.
Perfect painless dentistry at lowest ; prices.
Full set of teeth, $2; silver /Wings, 25c; gold
fillings, $1: gold crowns,' $3; bridge work, $3.
1104 Market St.; corner- Turk. •• .'•
A NE.W plate — The Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 60; fillings 50c;
plates, $5, full 'set; all -work painless and
warranted. Chicago D«ntal Parlors-, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. lltli —
No charge . for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set. extracting 50c; gas given.
FILLINGS, 25c and 50c; crowns, $2..""NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 069 Mission, EE. cor.- 6th.
GOLD fillings, 75c; Bilver, 35c; crowns. $2, no
pain: op. Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewitt. 101% Grant ay.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWKLL Dressmaking and MUlinery.School
— Eve. class; patterns cut. 1190 Market; St.
Accordion, sunburst and knife -pleating. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL. -
AMERICAN School lor Opera and Drama-
Places graduates through the Theatrical i Ex-
change in Europe and America; vocal (Italian
method);, opera, drama, concert, vaudeville,
sketches, plays, songs and music written. Tel.
East 44C1. Mme. Jenny Ward Hays, director;
Mme. Tregear, bus. manager. 1225 Geary Bt.
A THOROUGHLY experienced public school
teacher wishes to coach school children of
any grade for examinations -or -in regular
school work; nervous, delicate or backward
children, a specialty; , terms reasonable. 512
Jones St.; phono East 3095.* -. " • \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 . .
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool;for university,? law, medical coll-eges;
refs., Pres. Jordan or any - Stanford prof.;
summer session begins June 6. S Phelan bldg.
A— CALDWELL College of Oratory -and Act-
ing; fall term begins September 4; day and
evening classts; positions guaranteed. Cata-
logue. 1205 Market. st. . \u25a0 , ' . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '.
ALL who desire good | positions should attend
| this | college; we - have had 250 good .places
since March 1. San Francisco, Business Col-
. lege. 73S Mission . St.: ... = . ...;.. ' .- .
A — METROPOLITAN Bus.* Col. : Cal. B. C. stu-
dents with us: -stenographers; trained; posi-
tions secured. 925 Golden Gate, j Webster & Co.'
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE has removed to larger, quarters at. U33
Market :st:: best location in city; catalogue.
THE evening class at Hlnman'e School of Danc-
ing," 1412. Polk st., nr.- Calif..*- la -now open;
the children's- class will open Sat.,- Sept. 2.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, . 24
• Post st.," S. i F.;. civil, -mining," electrical,' steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
LESSONS' In vocal, sight : reading;: shortest
. method. CARL SAW.YELL 1225 Geary; at.;
. phon-*. East \u25a04481.,-. \u25a0'-'-\u25a0-".'\u25a0"'\u25a0 ': . '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' j-'N', 1 ".-
HFALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 < Post . et.
Established 1863;' largest in/the West; an-
nual enrollment 1000; send-for circular^-, , : .-.:•>-.
ZITHER lessons .given. ; by MAX-. MAIER,
teacher of the zither. 3O4A'.Turk st...,near
' Leavenworth. - \u25a0 .-..•\u25a0 - : .-.
ENGlNEERlNG— Civil;' elec.",: min., ". mech., sur-
vey, nssay. cyanide ; day. < eve. ; est. ! 1864. > Yon
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr.' City Hall.
SPANlSH,French.ctc.Prof,DeFillppo'sAcadimy!
- of languages, 1C1S; Post: est. 1871 ;ablest: profs.
Drafting ; rm. studies,' math.-;' drawing, \u25a0' strength
materials, graphic statics; eves." 20 Hartford.
"VIOLIN, Sither, mandolin* and guitar lessons 50c/
62b Hickory aye., bet.Fell and Oak.nr. Webster.
IRVING Institute School for. Girls. 2126 ' Ca1.
-. st.; fall term begins Monday."' August 7/1905.
WESTERNS Bus?, College, . 1281 :\u25a0: Market V st. ;
-. thorough \u25a0 com. course by, experts/ i ; Catalogue. :
Drafting, rm." studies,' math.': drawing.'^ strength
materials, grar hie statics; eves.:2o Hanford..
THB^CALL
JOHN D. SPREOKEI/S Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOITX" McXAUGITT Manager
W. J. 3IAKTLN Business Manager
TELEPHONE!.
AEk for THE CALL. The Operator "Will Con-
nect Ycu With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. 6. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson et.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cu. Per Week, 78
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 6 Cts,
Terras by Mail, Including Postcge (Cash With
Order):
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). I year.. sB. oo
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday), c mos... 4.00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 750
BUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.50
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1.00
TORrlrv f Daily .. .SS-SO Per Year Extra
FOREIGN i Sunday .. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. [Weekly . 1.00 Per Year Er.ra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARD AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
•ample Copies will be forwarded when ra-
Qussted.
MaU BUbscribam in ordering change of ad;
«reet should &• particular to feive both JfBW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insttra A
prompt and corract compliance with thalr ra-
euest.
OAKLAND OFFICBI
1016 Broadway Telephone Mala IOSI
ALAMBDA OFFICE «
J.4SS Park etreet. N«ar East*. Clara Arastu.
Phone Alt.-r.a-ia C 59.
BERKELEY OFFICE!:
EiS Center Btreet Telephone North TT
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT I
JAIIES 6. TYLER Pest Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astcr'a Hotel: A. Brentano. SI
Union Square; Murray Hill Hoia'; FUth-avenua
Hotsl and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NDWS STAND 6:
Sherman House; P. O. Ntews Co.; Graat
Northern Hotel; Tremont. Housa; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATTVB I
C. GEOT'.GE KROGNESS. Marquetta Building
(Long Distance Telephone, '•Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
ICOS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
ErtC Montgomery aye. ; open until 9 p. m.
£00 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
t-".) McAllister street; op^n until 8:80 p. m.
Cl 5 Larliin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
3!' ii Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
I<>6 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
I'iUG Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
2.00 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CALL subscribers contemplating «
change ot residence darisff the summer
months cub bare tbelr paper forwarded
by mall to their netv address by notify-
ing THE CALL Business Office. This
i.:;icr will also be on sale at all snmmer
resorts and is represented by a local
ncrcnt in nil towns on the coast.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. ©
ll.— Special meeting THIS (SAT- WV
I.'RDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /^K
Second degree.
R. E. ALLAN, Secretary.
IIAF.S Lodge No. 202, K. of P., meets -<£P>
to-night la Pjthian Hall, 220 Golden -^U/
Gate aye. Visitors welcome. "jpSsv
CHAS. NAGELE, C. C. M^S<
H. P. ADAMS. K. of R. and S. <2**~>.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
.SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COM-
PANY — A special meeting of the etockholders
of the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
vill bt held at the clnce of the company, in
rocm 1210. in the Merchants' Exchange
building, in the city and county of £an Fran-
cisco, in the State of California, the same
bring the principal place ol business of said
corporation, and being the building where
the board of directors of said corporation
usually roett. on the 2Sth day of August,
lUoa, at the licur of 12 o'clock noon, to con-
!t:der and act upon the propositions:
First, to increase the capital stock of said
corporation to one huncred and sixty million
dollars <$100.COO.OCO). and for that purpose to
amend citicle VI of th-e articles cf incorpora-
tion end consolidation of the company to
read as follows:
"The amount cr the capital stock of said
corporation shali be cne hundred and sixty
million dollars (flGO.OOO.OOll). divided into
ci;e million six hundred thousand (MJ00.000)
shares of the rar value of one hur.dred dol-
lars <$10C) each, which said amount of capi-
tal Ftock does net exceed the amount actually
required for the purpos<?s ot tne said corpora-
tion, and is the amount actually required
r.nd aFcertaincil to be r.ecess?ry ror" construct-
ing, completing, equipping, operating and
maintaining its road, and is so estimated by
coir.pHent engineers, as v.-ill appear by the
written estimate of such engineers, duly
signed by Ifcexn. and filed In the office and
principal place of business aforesaid of said
corporation." •
And to nmend paragraph third of article
i XII of the raid articles to read as follows:
'•The number of directors of said con-
solidated cor;v-ration shall be eleven HI)
pnd the amount of the capital stock of said
corporation shall be nr.e hundred and flixty
million dollars (flW.000.OOC). which said
amount of caj.iu.l stock is the amount £c-
r.ia'.ly r» quired for the purposes of said cor-
poration, end is the amount actually re-
. quired s>nd ascertained to b? necessary for
constructing-, completing, equipping, operat-
ing and maintaining its road, and Is so
estimated by eompetmt engineers, -a« m-11l
ei>;»'ar by tho aforesaid written estimate of
f-airj engineers, duly signed by 'them and on
file at iiforcsaid. SaM capital stock of said
eorroratSon iha'.l be divided into one million
fix hundred thousand (UOU&OQG) shares, of
the >jnr value of one hundred dollars <$I0:i)
fs.v^>, of which said shares of Eajd capital
Ftcjt the following have been subsrrbied by
anfi allcttc-d (o th» stockholders cf said cr^n-
f tituent corpoi-ations, as litreir.after stt fcith,
. to wit:" \u25a0 .
"To the Southern Pacific Railroad Oim-
1 any ir.con-orat'-d. organized and existing
under fie laws of the State of California,
f.nd to. its shareholders, one million and
'ourteei: thousand two hundred and forty-one
snd sixty ' cne -hundred ths (1,014,241 CU-100)
t>hn !\u25a0«>«."
"To the Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
1-any. incorporated, organized and existing
und^r the laws ct the Territory of Arizona.
t.nd to Its stockholders, cne hundred and
ninety-nine thousand nine hundred and nfty
<lM».i>M» Eharry." ,
."'To the Southern PacHe Railroad Com-
pany of New Mexico. Incorporated, organized
nnd cxlstlnsr under the laws of the Territory
o! New Mexico ?nd to its stockholders.
Fixty-tikht th^i-sar.d eight hundred and
< iphty-cight ICB.SS3) shares."
"'The fov<:ral stockholders cf each of *aid
constituent corporations *h&l! have IjsuM to
them by the »ai<i ccnsri.j^ied corporation
fiaH «j> shares <>i the capital stock of the
oonrc;idat'>d corporation out of the chares
tiiTf-of subscribed by end allotted to the
-'ockhoWcrs cf their respective constituent
corporations to the like amount, dollar for
•Joliar, r.t th^-ir par value with the par valua
of the j-harc-« held by such stockholders in
their respective, constituent corporations."
Thereafter and serendly, to create a bond-
ed IndcbtodneEs of Faid corporation to tbc
nmount in th» aggrfgate-cf one hundred nnd
piaty million dollars <?100,000,000) in gold
ooin of the I'nlted States (a portion of which
is to be used in retiring existing bonded in-
debtedness), and to increase the bonded in-
<if-btedness of said corporation up to the
amount in the segregate of one hundred and
sixty million dollars ($100,000,000) In gold
«.o!n of the United States, and to secure the
said proposed bonded indebtedness by a
mortcage upon the railroads, franchises, and
property of the comrany-now owned cr here-
after acquired, snd the income thereof -or
such part thereof as may be prescribed In
the mortgage: and to determine the form and*
terms cf said bonds and mortgage, and to j
authorize, the board of directors to take all
fucSi action as they may deem necessary or
expedient in the premises.
Datod the 2fith day of June. 1905.
By order of the board of directors.
J. L. WILLCUTT.
6«-?rctary of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company. .
N. T. SMITH.
H. E. CALVIN.
WILLIAM HOOD.
I. W. HELLMAN Jr..
JAMES K. WILSON.
4. M. HANPORD.
PETER F. DUNNE.
J. L. WILLCUTT.
FRANK B. KINO.
CHAS. P. LINCOLN.
Director* of eald Southern Pacific Railroad
Company.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, - AUGUST, 19, 1905.
13
HELP WANTED — MALE — Continued.
C 5 tunnelmen, are you one? $2 50 to $2 75
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
55 FRUIT PICKERS. $30 found.
Anybody who can eat fruit: can pick fruit;
$30 per month and found, fee $1. That's all.
MURRAY & READY. 634-036 Clay St.:
MAN and wife to cook In lumber company
• camp, south. $83 and found.
2 helpers there. \u25a0 .
LOOK. \u25a0 \u25a0 .
3 butchers, $2 25 a day.
Man, care of horses, wash bottles, cans,
etc., $60. ; >vv; . , .
', LOOK \u25a0
Salesman for large fruit warehouse, $15. week
up. \u25a0
Man deliver and collect pictures. $2 25 a day.
MURRAY & READY,; 634-636 Clay st.
EASTERN young man deliver bread a: m. and
p. m. route; 12 hours; must be a hustler;
steady Job; >85 fd.; com. on new trade. Box
9217, Call office. : ' . .
WANTED — Young man who is an -experienced
• dry goods bundle • wrapper. Apply between
9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROB.' t. . .
ENGINEER capable to, run Ice plant in Ne-
vada. Inquiry LEMLE LEVY CO.. 6CS Mls-
. slon Bt. .
DISHWABHER wanted. Call early. 496
Eighth st. ' ' '•'"..'"
LEARN telegraphy and R.R. accounting; $S0
to $150 per month salary paid our graduates;
our six schools Indorsed by all railroads; day
and evening session: apply for catalosue.
Morse School of Telegraphy. 26 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Young man. 16 to 18 years old, to
make himself useful around store; good
; chance to learn the business. Apply R. D.
DAVIS & CO. '.--•'. •'•-.'
WANTED — Jewelry salesman; \u25a0 must be - thor-
oughly posted on jewelry and plated ware:
state references, experience and salary ex-
pected to box 9318. Call. -
WANTEp — Thoroughly experienced clothing.
salesman: in making application state where
\u25a0previously employed and ' salary expected.
Box 9317. Call. -'''\u25a0-\u25a0' /
WANTED — Men and . women to prepare ; for
postoffice, custom-house, bookkeeper an! otlnr
Government positions: particulars free. Pa-
I clfle Correspondence Institute, ; 1093 •. Market.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to,' know
that Ed ' Rolkln. Reno House . proprietor, .has
•added 100 new rooms to the 'Denver Housi,
-217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25n to 50c pcr.nlght.
MEN to learn the barber trade; Bweeks;com-
.pletes: positions guaranteed; - wagee earned
while learning; call or; write. : Glllman's. Bar-
ber College. 627 Clay st.. near Montgomery.
WANTED — Men and boys 16 years and older.
Apply AMERICAN CAN CO., Seventh and
Townsend sts. ' -. . . • •. .j - • \u0084
•WANTED — Name and addre-s of every;person
wlio wants a good : life position in * the ' Gov-
ernment service. Box- 9191. . Call.-^- ? . - "
MEN -to learn - barber \u25a0 trade • in 8 weeks;.«lt.
guar.; tuition earned while learning. Moler'a
System of Colleges. 642-644 Clay st. } v,,;
MEN to learn barber trade; situations guaran-
teed. B.'T: Barber College. 741 Howard st. V
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker »to ; work - Inside.
RQSENBLUM & ABRAHAM. 1103 Market st.
WANTED— Feeder on folding, box cutting and
-.creasing press, 620 Market' et. , ';\u25a0.-.. \u0084 •""
YOUNG boy;i to learn • horseshoeing.. • Hoppe's
blacksmith." 7-Mlle House, Ban. Bruno .road.
WANTED— Steady,' 1 clean"- lunchman 'in .-res-
taurant. ;;Ul' l~rkln' st. .'";:; \u25a0;.\u25a0'\u25a0.
YOUNG man for photo supply hou.se; must un-
derstand photography. Box' 9331, Call.' •:.' ,
SAILORS: ordinary seamen,- for -Sound,"' south'
' coast, • New York.' Europe. Lane's, 504 Davis.
PENSION atty., E. 'A; Bullls," r. 40, Phelan bid.
Past Com, i Geo. H- Thomas Post/ ; G. 'A.~? R. • .- /
MEN- to go on ships . to - Australian ' and ! other
ports. At HERMAN'S, 27; Steuartiet. . .,
MEN wanted .at 105 3d at.T where shoes are" re-
paired by machinery; sewed'soles 10 m'n.;.7se;
LABOR : debts ; collected ; •: suits, attachments.
Law' and Adjustment Co.', : 49 2d st.; :.r.* 622. ;<
SAILORS and . young men » (green hands) for
\ ships..- HALLBERT, 617 Jackaon iL,,
\u25a0..-\u25a0"-• \u25a0 . \u25a0 \ . \u25a0 . . \u25a0
I SIISCKLI.AXE_OUS--FOR _J^L^--Con x
A— BUY?, yells and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 338 Main «st. N
A VKKY fin* -..Viicne lady's dlamood studded
locket at a bargain. 10 Sixth st,
TWO merry-etvrounds- one miniature ratlway.
BACIOALUPI. 805 Kearny et. ' -
HIGH grade 2d-han<i office safe and wanton
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 California
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st.
2D-HAXD bldgy material: lumber. <!oor. »asb,
plumb, material. The Dotan Co.. 1607 Market.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains.. BULLAßP & BRECK. 131 Po=int.
3IISCELI^\\'EOUS W'A.VTS. V_
AAAAA— Highest prices tor ladles', gentV ca.t-
eff clothing. Tel. Davis 823. »>5O Sacramento.
WANTED— A typewriter. Call between 8 and
0 a. m., 11 Mason st.
DIAMONDS, etc., bought ror cash. Karl Eber
• & Co.. 4CO-401 Adams bldg.. 2W Keamy at.
V TO LOAN. ______
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.) —
ANY _ AMOUNT TO LQA_M
r ....INTEREST s?j AND 8 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, lire Insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided interest- in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies- and undivided interests in property
purcnased.
.....MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
fculte 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 53.4.
R. McCOLGAN.
Rooms 301 and 302 Hearst building.
: . Third floor. Examiner entranc*.-
Deal directly with lender and save expensa.
Loans any amount at" 3^? and ti per cent
Un nr»t, second and third mortgages.
REAL ESTATE IN PROBATE.
Undivided Interests in estate and property.
Money advanced to prevent foreclosure.
NO DELAY,
l'hone Al-ln 551«. \ -
. r; •:....•...\u25a0.;...., r
"\
'A A— MONEY TO LOAN .
f)n furniture, pianos, warehouse receipts or
security of any kind, without removal; we
make leans on the EASIEST PLAN in the
WORLD; payments to SUIT YOUR CON-
VENIENCE: In case of SICKNEsSS or los_ of
EMPLOYMENT we EXTEND THE LOANS;
you. take 'no chance of LOSING your GOODS.
This is a TRUST COMPANY: our rates are
RIGHT and no DEssKKVEVG PERSON is le-
fused- CASH ADVANCES mads ta salarie-1
people LINCOLN FINANCE CO.. rooms 15-
16. 759 Market St.. opp. Pfaelaa building.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
• • t5Ol-602-tiO:j' Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly. \u25a0
- Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
est- assignments of rent-, property In trust.
-etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courtecus treatment. Strictly confidential.
Whan Ycu Need Mqney
See HERMAN MURPHY. '
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
: Ist. 2d or 3d
Mortgages on real estate, .
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest."
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call offlc*. _^^
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 1
per cent interest -Baldwin Jewelry Store.
078 Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Eranch. 119-
Market st and 27 Third at. #
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without security
or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment ;V
cail and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
MONEY leaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, .teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 40
principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bids.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or yian.i
.without removal or other- security; lowes:
rates; no con imlsslcn; ! confidential. 50S-7
' Donohug bldjc. 3 Taylor st. corner Market.
MONEY leaned on collateral and can be paid
. in small weekly or monthly Installment* at
low rates of Interest. RALPH — ED.. 143
Powell -t.. upstairs. '
A — Lowest rates on real estate. Ist or 2d mort-
gages life Insurance, or on any security ;any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 3d Geary, room 3".
ORIGINAL Uncle Bill— lf you look for lowe-t
• rate of interest and square deal. Old Flood
bid.. 809 Market. cor. 4th. euite 1; est, 1883.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of interest; gold,
silver, diamonds, pearls and precious stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth »t.
LOANS on diamonds, watches and Jewelry;
private offices. 400-101 Adams building. 2C«
Kearny st. Globe Mercantile and Loan Co.
SALARIED people without . security: also on
furn., estates In probate, life ins. policies.- etc
Empire Loan & Invest Co.. 612 Parrott bid?.
ALVA CO. (The) loans money to salaried people
without security:' good terms and easy pay-
ments: also on other security. CO7 Flood bldg.
WE loan on property 65 to 80 per cent on valu-_
atlon. -If you need money see us.
McQARVIE _ CO.. 720 Mar Set st.
MONEY. Money, Money.
Any proposition, 49 2d St., Wells-Fargo Ex-
press bldg. Wage Earners' Invt. _ Loan Co.
A— ONE per cent per month on valuables.
PORTLAND JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
ANY amount, real estate or other security;
. $100 up. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. 8.
LOANS— Salaried people; "confidential"; 2 per
cent: chattels, etc. 45* Montgomery, r. 518.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you sea
us. Hutton. Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bid.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes - without
indonmr. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
"~M ONE V WANTED.
OWNER wants $15,000 on Inside income prop,
erty In Oakland; security gilt-edge; will pay
all taxes and 5 per cent net Interest. J. D.
ROBBINS. rm. 6.-1066 Washington. Oakland.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. ~
OUR large and increasing, renting business en-
ables ua to rent the best pianos In the city for
$2 50 and (3 per month, some at $2; one
year's rental allowed If piano is purchased.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes.
A LARGE stock of standard pianos; all more
or less used; Prices $65 up. BENJAMIN
CURTAZ S SON. 19 O'Farrell St.; Chlcker-
lng agency. > . •
NEARLY . new - Standard upright piano: orig-
inal cost . $SCO; will sell on easy payments.
584 Valencia st. . -
Upright Vacs & Kabe. 2d-handr barg. ;- cheap-
est place -to rent. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
LEFT on sale, Steinway piano; good condition;
will sell on easy terms. 584 Valencia st.
HALLET & DAVIS pianos; wholesale; eighth
floor. \ 733 Mission St., San Francisco.
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storage pi-
anos. furn. Whitehead's storage. 1636 Mkt.
SOHMER. Byron Mausy pianos, Cecilian piano
player. -^gYRON MAUZY, . 308-312 Post it.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments SCHMIT7. & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up: Chlckerlng baby grand.
Shoninger little used. Keeffe's. 255 O'FarreU.
A 'WEEK'S news for 3 cents — Th» Weekly Call.
- 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 p«r y«-r.
\u25a0' ' \' '\ •' /"BIUSEUMS. ' :
DR LIEBIG STAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
moved to 1023 Market st:. near Sixth. "
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
STORE with 2 living rooms; best location In
the Mission for meat market: no opposition.
. Address N. F. ROBINSON. 2600 Sutter st.
SMALL office 'to let at 8 Sixth St., near Mar-
:.ket. . \u25a0"- - - : ' '-'•\u25a0•- '\u25a0- ' ' ; \u25a0 " '• "'" '
SMALL store, suitable shoemaker or. barber;
\u25a0:-\u25a0 stable/ 8 stalls. « 2493 'FoJsom st.. cor. 21st."
.: PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
"REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor?
treats all " diseases 'of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at 667, Geary st.. near Leavenworth- ,
WONG WOO. the famcus herb doctor — AH dts-
-' eases ? cured 'by Chines*. herbs. ;748-> Clay >t-
*-~V ; : PILES CURED.
PILES," FISTULA." etc-~Cured to stay cured :
\u25a0 only. humane cure; no knife, danger or hlad-
rance to business ;i7ooo cured; why not ' yea?
no' salve proposition; Investigate. THOMAS
J. KISNER. M. P..» Columbian bldg.. 3 F. :
".; ; " \u25a0-;\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0-' '." : -; : ;PATENTS. 't * ; _-»'
iNVENTIONS patented. U. 8. and foreign;
.; , patent - law. -F. P. MEDINA , 533 . Mark** «t
LOST AXp FOUiyP— Contlnned.
LOST-— Antique-shaped ring; 'contains five
diamonds, one pearl, ' ruby, eapphtre and
emerald; either at Columbia Theater or
\u25a0Ta.lfa; liberal reward for return. M.
SILVER, Palace Hotel.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of Sftn Francisco lo the
name, of Mary ; Meehan, No.' 2CO-036. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A brown fox sable fur, between Dib-
ble's and the Panhandle. Please return to
Call business office; suitable : reward." ~ : 0
LOST — Lady's gold watch, crest on shield,
bet. Geary and - Powell. Tenth and Market
' 8t«. :.: Return t0. 239 Geary St.: reward.
LOST— GoId watch, initials - "J. X.' : • return
. 221:Rialto bldg; reward; no questions asked.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.. for pleasure and business: tel. Bush 034.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNKLL— Ladles.' all who ar»
sick or 'in trouble, consult this specialist on
female complaints; positively corrected; the
unfortunate helped ; the . most dlf ficult cases
treated; every case taken; immediate relief;
no poisoning, drugs: low fees; my methods
will cure all cases of irregularity;, consult
me; save time and money;, advice free. Of flea
.1018 Market et. ; hours 9 a, m. till 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed ; 30 years' experience. 044 Post st.
MRS DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed, iOf flee hours 9 to 5. Sunday
10 to 2. 1008^. Market st.. opposite Fifth.
WOMEN'S -diseases and irregularities cured in
24 hours: 10 yearn* experience without a fail-
ure; no trifling: strictly private; elite patron-
"ag^.oply. 'Dr. Sylvester's office, 1206 Market.
DRSY GOODWIN'S herb treatment: reliable
safe, prompt; for female irregularities; ! relief
or no fee; $10; hrs. 9-8. 850 Mkt. St., suite 37
DB C.'C O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; partlcu-
\u25a0lar attention paid to diseases of. women. ;
A— MRS. DR. QWYER. 511 A Leavenworth St.,
bet. Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East ' 697.'
DR. and •; MRS. DA VIES and Hindoo i Herbs ;
original : method of treatment. 1120 Market.
IF. sick see the magnetic healer. 791% Stev-
• enson st. -, \_, : . ,; \u25a0 -:\u25a0 . : -\u25a0: -\u25a0'\u25a0-. '\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 •'\u25a0..-.-.."'
DR.' ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St.. corner
Twenty-sixth: ladles, relief or no fee;. slo. .
. MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE. \
2D-H AND machinery, engines,: boilers, pumps.
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
• rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
:H: H- 8. WHITE MACHY CO.. 130-133 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
. TOSH - & IWOLPMAN. • 195-107 Fremont «t.-
FOR sale — New, and second-hand billiard, and
\u25a0\ . pool -ta blt-s ; , easy payments ; : we : rent , tables
with privilege of buying; » modern barflx-
' tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COI— .ENDER..62S Mission St., S. F.
LARGEST stock in ejty ; second-hand belting,
• also plani-K-mlll' machinery, engines, boilers
1" and . electrical^, machinery. . JOHNSON 4
- HORAN. 602 Third st. " : . •-
ALL kinds of second-hand : machinery, boilers,
> engines, shafting and ? pulleys, bought • and
\u25a0\u25a0 sold. ARMSTRONG & CO.; \u25a0 905 Market st. :
v phone \u25a0 South 87. \u25a0\u25a0', '.- ' : :
j A— GENT'S -full dress suits to rent. J.
i.:: COOPER. -21 Stockton 'st., second floor.; . -^
$50 : BUYS cash : register, ? National ; in • perfect
-- condition. 235 A Eighth st. v
A VERY ! fine 25-stone : lady's diamond studded
.'- locket \u25a0 at ' a - bargain. ,- 10 Sixth St.* "j. :. " .
AN 18k Jul«s \u25a0 Jurgeneen '5 V minute :. .triking
' watch at a Sacrifice. 10 Sixth tt.".'"': : >.'.- \u0084
TWO ; hundred "4-foot roll top-desk-, $14 each.
, - KITCHEN :. fc i SON. 510. Fifth -St.: , \u25a0\u0084- ;
SCHOOL*^ books .' \u25a0'\u25a0'. bought '"*« and*-- exchanged.
KING'S Old .Book Store. 61 McAllister, st '.
MILES 1 of f pipe' and; flttln-s,. all 'sizes, cheap.
, r ETUOBNE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo it. ' ,y.
PERSONALS.
LADIF.S. attention — Two competent ladles,
pupils of Delsarta and Mme. Priest, will
take a limited number of ladles, wishing to
reduce ih?ir superfluous flesh: full Informa-
tion. Call .1225 Geary St.. first . floor. or
phone E.nst 4481.
NON-RESIDENTS can hay- town business of
-ny description (trivial or Important) faith-
fully and Inexpensively transacted by writ-
ing to The Ccmmlsgalre gervlce Co.. Eddy st
DR. MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer; he will
challenge the wcria to produce Its equal:
shipped to all part* of world. 352 O'Farrell.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, over-
• oats an dtrousers at. CHARLES LYON3'
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
STAR hair remedy, tonic, restores color, cures
•landruff. stops falling: drugjrfsts, halrdes»-
ts. Star Remedy Co.. 821 Polk at.
NOTHING <Jo— n. $1 a week to keep weM
dressed. Peerless Tailoring Co.. 231 Post »t.
8 BRAND new tailor-made men's suits, cost
$25. for SO 75. +10 Bush. nr. California Hotel.
50 ASSORTED souvenir postal cards pr«pa!l
SOr. BACIOALUPI. 756 Mission St.
$1 A WEEK: suits to order $15 up. LKMO3.
1127 Market St.. between Seventh & Elg-th.
MASQUERADE costunvs. play books. wU«.
country orrtcrs. GOLDSTEIN - CO.. 733 MTtt.
HLSI.VESS PERSONALS.
REMOVAL. — The Golden West Broom Factory
has moved from 630 Clay st. to 723 urn*
street. abov» Kearny.
REAL ESTATE — CITV — FOR S VI.E>.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
Real Estate Agents.
and
Publishers "S. F*. Real Estate Circular."
GOOD PROSPECTIVE BUTS.
$197.500^ — Corner Second and Market: pays I
per cent net; n«w, very large brick building,
al! under leases to reltab!* tenants).
$175,C00— Near Market and Fourth; T5 f«*t
of frontage; double depth back to rear street;
present Improvements pay nearly $500 a month.
$SO,OOO — One block from Market street: good
4-etory brick building; permanent tenant.
$95.W5O — Second-st. corner : excellent locality
to Invest In now for Increase; over 100 feet ot
frontage, with over 2CO feet of deptb.
$31. C00— Thlrd-«t. corner.
JSO.COO — lir vicinity of Geary and Mason;
: leaded to one tenant at $125 a month; excel-
lent growing: locality.
$25.CfiO— In vicinity of Polk and Bush; 50 feet
front, back to rear street; excellent locality
and size to Improve. \u25a0'_ > '
$17.5 CO —Howard St.. in best section: 23xS0.
with good .i-story building, all in perfect or-
der, rented month ro month, paying over 6
per cent; mortgage of «iCi«> may remain; $10,-
übO cash will buy this.
THOMAS MAGEE * SONS.
. . ' .;*.' S Montgomery st.
BLOCKS and lots south of cark.
Adjacent to Fark-lde.
Values will be more than double la a tmw "S
E. J. HOOPER. 2tt Montgomery it.
TO BEAT THE BAND.
ONLY $1 25 A WEEK.
$27."i — Elegant level building lots, close to
school; -fine car service on Mission st.; cream
of the Excelsior Homestead: atop payingr rent
! and raise the baby where the ozone la not
polluted with »mofc» and d«st. to say nothing
of the deadly microbe: no Interest and no taxes.
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS.
ONLY $10 A MONTH
$400 — For finely located lots 8 blocks sooth
of the rark; electric car service unexcelled;
enhancing In value with every stroke of the
clock; buy now, next week may be too late:
"Nat Goodwin" /Is not the only man that ap-
preciates this bt-autiful section: no raxes.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
20 Montgomery Street. Room 8.
LOOK — On!y $3f_s needed to purchase this
$4:;_5 property: 3 fine flats on John »t..
off Mason, bet. Jackson and Pacific;
mortgage of ?130»> can remain.
PAYS ALMOST 12 PER CENT NET.
$25,000— A business investment payin* over 5
• per cent net; a few sters from best
tran-fer corner In Western Addition;
' stores and flats entirely new and leased
', wtth privilege of renewal at Increased
rents: large- roomy lot. allowing plenty
of light: will always be rented and pays
well.
BALDWIN & HOW ELL. 2S Post st.
$?s»— CHEAPEST business corner in Point
Richmond; NW tor. Ist and Bisseli ay«.. 60
xll2: owner must sell; lot is well worth
$12C0: will sell for $1500 before 1 year. Par-
ticulais J. W. LAYMANCE. 632 Marfcst
street.
AAA— "OUR PRICES" ea ranches are lower
than anywhere else because we do not add
huge commissions, on ti> the owner's price;
we only handle places we "know" to b»
good; we "never" mtsr-pr*sent a place; »c»
us aad save 20 per crot: Santa Cru* County
lands a specialty. BURR-PADDON CO., 4O
Montgomery St.. San Fraaclsco. Cal.
S4no DOWN— Monthly payment*; n«— 4-roora
cottage: porcelain bath: clothes and china
closets* laundry; brick foundation: one blo«-ie
G-ary cars* Richmond; $_f«0. W. J. WHITE
CO.. 28 Montgomery st.. room 8.
A 6-ROOM naw cottajce. with bath, pantry,
etc : win sell at a barsaln or —ill rent to
a reliable- tenant. THISTLETON. 272 Sadow*
#t.. Ocean VUw. \u25a0 -
BARGAlN— Handsome modern 14-room hou«»
and tumlture. $7000. Particulars, address
4230 Twentieth at. .
DON'T build before Investigating Marshall A
Steams* patent fixtures for apartments and
cottages. Aronson bldg.. S4 Third st.
FREE— Our booklet on plumbln*: write AHL-
BACH _ MAYER, plumbers. S3B Howard st»
REAL ESTATE — COUXTRY— For Sale*
FOR sale — Elegant farm of 83 acres: choice
fruit land; sCt*> trees in beartnx: 80 acres la
prunes, apricots, pears, plums and peaches
and a family orchard. . comprising 2 acres of
lemons, apples, walnuts, flgs. almonds, nefl-
tarines. olives, etc.: all In flrst-class, condi-
tion- the improvements consist of 2 cot-
tages, furnished complete, barn, frulthouse.
storehouse, windmill with lars. tank, and
well and spring water sufficient for all pur-
poses and water piped to the- houso; a grov«/
of Urge live oak trees about th- cot-axes;
suitable for summer resort, sanitarium or
private home; two hours by rail from city tw
the farm: climate unexcelled: must b« sees
to be appreciated. For further particular* ap-
ply to bos *920. Call office. '
FOR sale — A mountain ranch. 40 acres; Gov-
ernment title; good water right; small moun-
tain creek running through place and ditch,
" on land; atxjut 10 acres under fence; over 500
bearing grap« -vines, blackberry vines, peach.
apple, cherry an dapricot trees; part la
clover and timothy: plenty of water for irri-
gation: about 13 miles from Reddins and 5
miles from dally stage, mall, telephones and
school; Rood range of browsing land back of
place; fln« for small stock ranch or. moun-
' tain home: - some fish and game In season
and' not ' far from . rich mining " section and
marh*t; a good property for sale cheap. For
particulars writs toW. A. PRYOR. Shasta.
" CaL
ALFALFA irrigated lands, $25 per acre; $1
down, $1 month: "no Interest; can or writ*
for pamphlets. nfDEX —AND AJII> BOND>
CO.. 007 Kohl bid., cor. Cal. and Monfy. sts.
CALIFORNLA land; alfalfa, corn, fruit. vine%
grain, etock, «üburban. moderate- tenpa, cata-
logues free. C. M. Wooster Co>, 648 Market.
Poultry ranches. Writ* to J. W. Horn Co., Pet-
aluma. for f re« copy of Sonoma Co. bargains.
CHICKEN ranches, all sties i, near Petalumn.
H. HALLIPAY. Cotatl. Sonoma Co.. Cal.
""mill^valleit real estate.
ONE of San Francisco's most eharmrn* \u25a0 sub-
urbs Is Mill Valley; It ls> growing so fast:
we have a few lota left In our. tract rtsht
at the station, commanding: grand view of .
bay and mountains; some are covered witt»
tre^s- all the streets are sewered; water
mains laid: prices range from *300 to $6*o:
terms 10 per cent «ash, $10 monthly. Agents
on tract Sunday. LYON A HOAG. U» '
Montgomery t.
Continued om P«se Fonrteei.
HELP WANTED—MALE— Continued,
AN enjoyable, profitable outing; pick hop» In
August; special rate, tickets now ready;-
come early, as only a limited number can be
sold. E. CLEMENS HORST CO., 122 Bat-
. tery st. '\u25a0'. \u25a0
WANTED — Meh to nil"800 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every. room. ,6Sl Howard, nr. 3d.'
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. nr. Mar-
ket— 7oo rooms; ;33b night; reading: rooms;,
free : bus and baggage to and from f«rry. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
: Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.,
A BRANCH ofnc« ot The Call for the reception
of advertisements \u25a0 and subscriptions has been
opened at .1008 " Market st.. ocposlta Fifth.
. Open until 11 p. m. - : ' * \u25a0
HORSES AJVD "WAGONS.
3 DRIVING horses, $25 up; big ranch mare,;
$25; 3 good .work \ hcrs-e; 2 • horseß. I wagon i
and double harness, $66; 3 'unbroken horses.-
37 Croke St., oft Mission," near China aye. j
SECOND-HAND surrey,. .'2- seated Chicaso
road cart, 10-passtnger . wagonette, Mka
buggy and rubber-tire carriage cheap at SUO J
- Golden Gate aye.
X FOR -ale — 11 good young horsss weighing
from 1150 to 14110 lbs.; also two good brood
.'mares.,; 411 'Sixth ,'6t; . ' , , : > .. :.
HORSES for --ale— l 6 head, 1000 to 1300
pounds: work horses. ; KNIGHTS Stag© Line,
Redwood City. Cal. - ;
FOR ; «alo— Young Durham cow; fins milker;
good condition. T., R. RIVERS, captain
\u25a0•' Fourth Cavalr>-. Presidio. \u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0 -
FOR sale— Thirty head of horses weighing
1000 to 1600: : from 'Pierce Ranche. Suisun;
• 4ii Sixth st. J. D- FORRESTER.
NEW and second-hand wagons, buggies, sur-.
- reys and liarnes-. LEIBOLEV HARNESS CO..
211 Larkin st.,, San; Francisco. ; • .\u25a0\u25a0:'"\u25a0-,
FINE new buggies ' and .wagons and second -
hand rigg at ICO. Golden gate aye.
AUCTION sale of -horses.'' wagons and harness
every Wedrieaday at 11 a. m." 527 Sixth Bt. *
Al EXPRESS wagon, .ltzht: camping, wagon '
and gocart . for, sale, cheap, r 532 Miaslon st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let; Bend for clr-
.cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgmy.
FIVE gunny rooms and -bath;: all: modem Im-
l provements ; . : rent $20. : 212% Fourteenth \u25a0 st..*
'near Howard..-; ;•... ".-..-•-'..\u25a0.' \u25a0_ \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0"•\u25a0. \u25a0 . \u25a0 - ' ':..
BUCHANAN; 2018, near. California — Elegant
; residence.- 9 rooms and .'bath: rent $40. ( .
BROADWAY, 1032, \u25a0 near Laguna— B rooms,
> bath.- laundry; fine 'marine vlow; $40.. - <:
HJOUSESS FUR.NISHED~FORV SAI.K."
CENTRAL* location ;"'houBe;'S4 "rooms; lease;
\u0084 money-maker ;J make <\u25a0 offer. . Owner, box
';> 9354, Call office. - ' \ ,;:
. -r \u25a0 , - COTTAGES TO > liET. .
NEW- 1 5-robm •'. cottage: .modern 'improvements;
- 'fronting -on palrk;. rent $20," Apply to owner,
*•'\u25a0 JOHN ,T. • GRAHAM, i northwest corner iof
" '.Preclta aye. \u25a0 and Alabama ; St. ". - \u25a0 ' :.
• SAN ANSELMO COTTAGES TO LET. \
aTcOTTAGE to let; 3 rooms furnished; $10 per
'.month' for six 'months.- Apply : 2382 Sutter.
..; ; ..;, : '-'V.--;;;;.; INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD,' rented," exchanged: manufacturer of the
\u25a0:v Eames tricycle chalr.i 2018 Mkt.; tel.Park 778.^
i\u25a0: ';.'.\u25a0- LOST *ANP • FOinVD. :'i j -
LOST— A pass book: with the-Hlbernta Savings
; -and iLcan. Society ? of, I ' San In the
£ name \of Ernest Brandt: No. 249-1376. ,-\u25a0 The
-' finder, will please rtturn' to. bank. * ;-; :r: r -
LOST-^Whlteibull ; terrier;^ ears : cut; • answers
\u25a0 >::to .name, of- -Hector;: 'liberal:; rewards - IS3B
\u25a0;V;post-.st.>.-:...-;/:'---.';,. '\u25a0: i'^'.^--:'-''.r;-o:^ . \u25a0 . :;\u25a0-..;..
i LOST— Watch'crystal;and-frame;.Flllmore and
\i~ McAllister sts. Reward } 1023 • FJllmore j_st. ",.-
H^y!.>y^T_»--FEMALE— Continued
AA - A ~yOVSG girls wanted to learn to make
"itarettes: p«id while '.earning; steady work
and good waj;es; expertencvd clgaretf mak-
ers in nur factory make from $'J to $15 per
J£ e £-- THE JOHN BOLLMAN COMPANY.
<%«>-« Front st.
AN enjoyable, profluble outing; pick hops :n
August; special rate tickets now reafly;
come early as only a limited number can
M cold. E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 12-
Battery 6t.
WANTED — Experienced cloak and suit* sales-
ladies. Call or write, wat'.ng experience. S.
M. FRIEDMAN CO., 1058 Washincton tt.,
Oakland. . . - '
— Girls 16 years and older. Apply
AMERICAN CAN CO.. Seventh and Town-
send tts
"WANTED— Lady talloress; a rood, neneral all-
round hand, and fin'.sher on coats. Apply
1003 Poik «t.. near Jackw<-n.
GIRL for peneral housework and cooking;
wages $25. S2l Larkin at.
"WANTED— -Girl to assist. 225 Dolcres st.
WANTKD — Female; grood carpet sewer. 559
Haight st.
A TEACHER for district school. 51S Parrott
buildins. \u25a0 \u0084.\u25a0::
LAHIES to learn hairdressing and man'curing.
good positions. MOLER'S. 405 Pow«;i st.
BARBEnS — Employment and Supplies.
BARBF.R shops, city and country: have several
inquiries for fair payin B gnops>; only thone
that can etand lnve£tlsat:on may apply to
D. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
*200— 2-CHAIR barber Ehor> for sale in the
Mission; fin? fixtures; low rent; must be
fold. COLEMAN. 311 Jam«»s Flood bids.
BARBERS, attention— 1 have a. number of clty
end country barber shops for pale; good
values. COLEMAN. 311 James Flood blJs-
BARBER wanttd for Saturday; $3 50. 89
Third *t.
WANTED — Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
1« =55*11 Folsom »t.
<SOOD barber waned: Saturday noon and Sun-
oaj-; $5. I4fi9 Duj>ot>t.
UNION barter for Saturday r_6 Fourth f=t.
FOR *a!e — Best -i-chair barber shop south
Market: going got,d business. Bex 9300. Cell.
$_:.(>— 3-CH AIR barber shop north of Market
tt.; a gooJ looatior.: rearing. Box SSI4, Call.
FOR sale- -Barber shop; 3 chairs: living
ruotcf: ?12. 11.*»3 Howard Ft.
*"5 — 1 -chair riarber shop for sale, good business
locatior.. bangaJn. Voleman. 311 J. Flood Udg.
BARBER chop in Mission District; doing good
buela^sg; price $125. Box SOS 9. Call.
HELP WASTED— MALE.
AT C R. HAXSEN & CO.'S. _a Bush fct.
Fare 40c, tif-w tleciric railway, ship to-day.
lo pcrai'f-r teamsttris and &erat->r loaders,
S3 £_\u25a0 a d&>.
New tunnel; free fare; ship to-day: R. R.
i-.-.nelmer.; teamsters and laborers. $2. J. U5
ard ( 'I '•(.< a <s*y.
J-'i-ee far# Solano Co. Ship to-day. 25
<^uarrj -laborers. $2 a day; long jul>; good
tiojii-d : call early.
Drfliers look here. Alameda Co. Fare
$1 2i>. 1<» tingx and double hand drillers,
*- Si « day.
Che!. $75; tecond cook. S4O: same cenjntry
hout; party at our oilici; 9 a. m. to-daj - .
Man iiiu wife; private place, country; party
here: and, iuvnd.
Waiters restaurani Santa Cruz; $40 and
board.
j-h!M>ing clerk, middle-aged; city; $10 to $12
a week.
Man who si»«-aks German lor wholet-ale win*
huu_e. c-.ne who can _riv« delivery wagon;
city: £lo week to start.
\\aiters, die-fcvafhers, bus boys, bell and
el«v_Uw beys.
Man to work around garden, springs hotel;
t2.". snd td. »
C. H. HAXSEX & CO.. 4_> Bush Bt.
A.— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMPLOY- ]
MEKT AGENCY <lnr.).
C 35 Washington st. Phone James 3301.
6 hand ' inim-i -s. fcold quartz. S~ rour.d.
C hand iiuhcrs, gold quartz. $2 75 day.
6 mat him miners. $^ day. 8-hour shifts,
<Jri:tinir. \u25a0 *' "- -"
0 machine miners. $3 <lay, 9-hour shifts.
' *i". J an y where..
25 h-nd niin%s, Oregon. $2 75.
«S «jua!T>- drillers $2 z:>: lo laborers. $60.
DR ILL SRS. LABORERS. TEAIISTEKS.
50 <2riliers. cp<?n cut. build road to mines.
$•37 s<i; 2^ teams'«?rs. building electric rtvad,
52 SO- laborers, l.">o turf-. $2; laborers, quar-
ry. $2 25; lumber pilers. $2 5o; ranch band?.
&6c f*re. $1 50 found; «» blanket weavers, $40
to $00; other Jobs.
SPECIAL.
3 pointers. 7.V 1 farr, $:t 50 day. long Job; 3
can-enters, f,c fare. $3 s<> day; 2 6-horfe
plow teamsters. $2 00; 2 plow holders, $2 50.
fare $1; conductor for logging road. $4;
tirak»man. s«m»- jilace, *4; cook. *75; 2 cooks'
helpers. $«0 each, large lumber co.. steady
plar»- ratchet fftter, $C 5 and found.
PACIFIC CONTRACTORS* EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY (Inc.),
C 35 Washington et. Phone Jamw 3301.
CREAMERY man, $75. fare advanced; Scandi-
navian man about place, $.'s<) and found; gar-
d«*n#r. $35 and found: hostler. $2 day; 2 car-
l*nt«Ts. $4 day: tanners and wives; young
man for planing mill. $1 50 day; hook tender.
$40 aiid board, and others. J. F. CROSETT
to A CO.. €2* Sacramento at.
COO— and hiioer for ranch (men), $55 and
found; second cook for institution, $30 and
found: waiters, $25 and $80 and found; wait-
er and wife. $5O and found; pantryman, $25
and found; kitchen men and dishwashers.
b"U boy«, Korterf and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. C 2* Sacramento st.
AT HORD & SMITH'S, 741 Mission et.. nr. 3d.
and C 26 Washington €t., near Kearny.
10 driller*, mouth, $2 25.
Mm to pick almonds. $3O and found.
Laborers, w&r city. $2.
Tunnelmen, *2 25 to $2 SO.
Tf-amsifrn. north, f2 4<).
I_s borers Free F«— i $2
. $2 Laborer* Fare.
ANDRE'S Office. 317 Stockton st. — Broiler,
$15 a ~eek: Record cook. $4O; waiters, coun-
try, $20 and $25; porter, family hotel. $20;,
night janitor $i 5: bell and elevator boy. $15;
kitcb*n hand $25; dishwasher. $30: assist-
ant waiter, $25. $30; ironer, country. $*°;
rnirtb*cker. country laundry, $40; *econd
butler, $40; coachman, assistant in confec-
tionery. $30 to $4'). *tc.
A SECOND but'.er for c steady place; 45; ref-
«rfnees neces&ary. MISS PLUNKETT. 42S
Sutter trt., near Powell.
A MAN and wift fur a private family. $50;
set party tere. MI£S PLUNKJETT. 42.9 Sut-
tor «t. v .
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 COMMERCIAL ST. PHONE BUSH 833.
TONOPAH. FTIEE FARE both -ways— s
CARPENTERS, "« boro> here. $4 day fd. :
12 carpenters, gold dr«Ur«\ $S5 fd.; 170 car-
renters, all over; 2 gasoline engineers,
FREE FARE, $V»0 f <X. :2 steam holsUng EN-
GINEERS. ?7<) fd.: shingle packer. $50 fd.;
'"> "laborere. far* refunded, COMPANY work,
$4." to $50 W-i 25 iaborore, FREE FARE.
$m- we -want thousand* of men for all kinds
of other jobs. Cm.
WANTED 20 hanrese-makers ; best equipped
f«tctorv w*f=t of the Missouri River: harnes»
roede 'in parts; jobs given. out In extremely
lar»;e quantities: mechanic. ne\-er aßked to
wait until Jobs are cut; plenty of work all
th* tlrar. Address LOS ANGELES SAD-
r DLERY AND FINDING COMPANY. 223 N.
Lo* Ang'N -t.. Loa Angele*. Cal.
WANTE!>— Teams and teamsters tn work on
. Jev#e. Crockrr eßtate ranch, near Coluea. $10
prr month straight time or tl a day per team
for actual time worked; teamster*. $1 50 per
day and board. Including tsunday board. In-
quire it job or San Francisco Conrtruction
Co.. 26 Montgomery gt.. San Franclfco.
WANTED—A young man of jrood appearance
to run «n elevator: apply eariy this morning,
g. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st-
WANTED — Cash boys. 14 years of age. Apply
» _. m.. S. N. WOOD & CO.. Powell and
EUI» itt. ;
HOP pickers— Tickets for Hopland ready on
end after Monday. Aug. 21: train leave*
Friday and Saturday, Aug. 25 and 23; call
early a.r.d secure tickets.. .AMERICAN
HOP. AND BARLEY CO.. 227 California ft.
TWO waiter- can find steaay work in country
hotf-1: on<» In city hotel. Call to-day, room
31R. James Flood building.
WANTED — Experienced packer for groceries
and crockery; state references and salary
r* expected. Address box »216. Call office.
ERRAND boy wanted at MARKS BROS.'- 1220
Mf-rket ct. ' ' -' " -
WANTED — Men on *n advertising wagon. Lo*
Angeles Soap Company, 115 Davis Bt.
EXPERIENCED bushelmen: must understand
'making alterations. Room 110. Phclan bldg.
BOY well rf commended to clean ftore and run
• errandf. ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia tt.
KIGHT cook lor busy kitchen: union bouse.
Crofs' Bakery. 517 Montgomery st.
A TOT'NG man of moral habits to leern paint-
.|*U_H. AK>!y 372* Twenty-third -t. \u25a0;. ,
j HELP WAITED — MALE — Continued.
! A— MURRAY & REACT. £M-6*6 Clay Et.
l'i-^ne Mtin SS4S.
OFFICE hGI.'KS. i A. M. to 10 P. M.
This new gj gtctn gives emplo>*rs a chance
to phone us until IV V. M.
Likewise
All t-£n c*2l alter their day's work.
Our Own Printing :
Plant issues our free list of positions four
times daily— 7 A. M.. 10 A. M.. 1 P. M..
< P. M.
EMPLOTER3. ATTENTION!
OUR IXVKSTIOATION AND SEGREGA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OF
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
IF YOU WANT
THE BEST HELP. DO AS OTHERS DO-
SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY & READY. «K54-W3e Clay St..
Leading Eir.jsioymtnt and Labor Agents.
Pfcone MEm SSiS.
THE RIGHT OK MAN TO LIVE; Tl.'E
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
We gave in 19C4 ltw& we hoiw to
«4,000 men wcrk. increase tM.OCO.
We do not supply female help, but we do
supply tr.er» and wives for ail classes of work.
WE EI'KAK THE
German. French, Italian. Portuguese, 'Span-
ieh. Slavonian, Scandinavian and Greek lan-
eruages.
FREE FARE. GOING SOUTH, S. P. R. R.
Ics LABORERS.
GREAT CROWES GOING— ARE YOU?
MURRAY & KEAPY. _34-«S3g Clay st.
TO LOS ANGELES. $5.
Ship to-morrow (Sunday) morning. Call to-
day.
3.» laborers to help bridge carpenters, no ex-
pertenaß wanted, you'll euU, 575.
<>5 two-hor&e tean.»ters. ?*).
I_s laborers, 8 hourt." work. $1 75-J2 day.
R. R. SECriON WORK.
I^s R. R. section extra gang laborers, board
themselves, house and water furniahed,
fl M> day found.
LOOK.
93 laborers, work in city of Los Ang-eles, $2
day.
CARPENTERS.
23 carj>?nters. house, barn, shed and other
work tn Los Angeles city, fare )fS. tvages
T3 r.O day.
»5 to Lcs Angeles— To Lcs Angeles $5; that's
All.
MURRAY fc -READY. 634-<»36 'la.y gt.
CARPEXTERS.
12 carpenters fcr a large factory, fare $1,
» 60 a Jay.
15 OBrpent«>r6. huild hop dryers, barns, sheds, \u25a0
warehouses-, etc., fare $3, $3 50 a day.
4 carpenter* for mines, steady jobe. $3 50
a day.
12 carpenters, city jobs, $4 a day.
FREE FARE.
-t> carpenters, ship work, $-4 a day.
15 hndpt carpenters, &> 50 a day.
ARIZONA- HALF RAILKOAD FARE. -
25 bridge carpenters. Government work, ?3 50
• day.
MECHANICAL. HELP.
Wheelwright, Government caxnp work. $60
found.
12 hammer and hatchet carpenters, fare $3,
Cabinet maker, $4 a day.
PLUMBER AND PAINTER.
2 machine blacksmiths, city job.
3 stiok'.r men, planing mill, city job. $4 day.
4 carpenters, city, plain frame work, 8 hours,
Si a day.
t'ooptr. larpe tanks. S4 to ?5 day.
Plumlx-r and tinner. I are $3, No. 1 job, $3 50
day
Tank builders. 60c fare, redwood. $4 50 day.
4 mattress makers, city jobs.
4 eoiderers, 25^ hour, fare $2 50, boss here.
a weavers en b!ank«ts.
Machine hand, ruti sticker, fare 75c. $4.
Sticker hand, mill, south. $•"> £i 0 a. day-
:• cornlce-nißkers. :«r.'» :*id, ?4.
1$ BRICKLAYERS.
For Seattle; your fare paii: usual wages.
' Blacksmith, structural work; No. I job.
C<*. blacksmiths, horseshotrs, etc., $4, $3 60,
£!, $2 ."*> day.
•Jit *!sca coopers, $40 and .found.
Scajer. lumber company. $70; ofCbearer,
$S2 50.
; Shir.glers. straight roof, walls. 75<? M.
: Shinpl-: pp-^ker. south. $50 and found. -
Machine hand, country p:anlng-m!ll. $3 50.
liauJ sawyer*, fare $1. $3 50 a day.
Screw turner, big carriage L co., $S0 fd.
0 gTaJcrs, lumber company. $00.
2 cutoff sawyers. *2 DO to $2 75 day.
Timber feller, lumber company, $65 found. .
Crossout sav/yer, $00 found. I
Furniture shaper hand, city mill.
PUning-mIM man. run bandsaw. $3.
Bricklayer, furnace work, 10c fare.
Head screw setter, north, 580 and feund.
Tallyman, glazier, city lumber yarfl. $2 to $3
day.
Furniture machine hand, $2 to $2 50 day.
Car builder, lumber company, $3 day and Id.
MURRAY & READY. 134-(>36 Clay st.
COOKS COOKS. COOKS.
45 cooks, different places, $90, $75. $50, $40
found.
Becvnd cook. camp, fare $1 50; $50.
WAITERS. WAITERS. WAITERS.
26 A-altera, different places, 145, 540, $i5O,
jyti fovtid.
DJSHWABHERfi. PORTERS. BEDMAKERS
36 dishwashers, different jobs. $U5, $30, $25,
$20 found. .-...."'.;
LAUNDRYMEN. BELLBOYS.
38 laundry all classes, $3. $2 50, $2 day. .
Bell and elevator boys, different jobs, $15.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
MISCELLANEOUS.
1» beys, learn trades, $4, $5 and $6 week.
1$ boys or young men, city factories. $5, $6,
$7 and $8.
Young man drive butcher wagon, 15c . fare,
$25 and found. \u25a0 \u25a0-
$30 FOUND FOR YOU.
60 men, work in fruit-packing houses.
2 boys. Dick up pie plate, city, $6 week.
Old man, run elevator, $6.
Canvas!<er. $1 day, 10 per cent commission.
20 teamster-, city and country job, $2 23
day.
ARE YOU A BOY?
25 boys to work in box factory, $32 50 found.
BUTCHERS.
Baueajretnaker, fare $3, $35 found.
4 butchers, all round nvn, $45, $35 found.
MARRIED.
Man and wife for mine, man as laborer,
wife cook for men, $65 found.
Man and wife. Naoa co. ranch, $45 found.
Men and wife, .asy job, ranch, boss here,
$30 found.
\u25a0 Farmer and wife, fruit farm, $52 50 found.
Farmer and wife, 5 people, $45 found.
Man and wife, chicken ranch, fare $1, $40 M.
Cook and wife, city restaurant. $70 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
LA BORERS— TEAMSTERS.
365 laborers and teamsters, different jobs,
some in .San Francisco, f2. $2 25. $2 50
day; ooir-e see us.
FARMS. ORCHARDS. ETC.
65 general ranch hands, $30, $35. $40 found.
CHORE MEN AND BOYS.
67 men and boys for chores, $15, $20, $25,
|30 and found.
DAIRYMEN.
2G milkers, butter and cheese makers. $30,
$35. ?40 and found.
FREE TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.,
365 laborers, fare paid, you'll suit, $35, $40,
$45 and found. . .
123 • experienced woods™ nen, mlllmen, from
piling lumber to manager of mills and
wood*. ?35. $40. $50. $«O. $70. $80. $90.
$125 month and found ; come and see us.
STABLEMEN.
26 stablemen, different job*. $35 and found
. to ?«0, ?75.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FOR A FACTORY.
Steady Jot* Year Round.
29 laborers* general manager here. $60.
12 laborers, city factory. $2 25 day.
*75 month.
25 laborers for a lumber co., $75 month.
FT*EK FARE— 7.4 miles away.
S3 laborers. $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
GOLD MINES.
SILVER MINES.
COAL MINES.
95 miners. *In«le. double and machine hands,
all over California. New Mexico, Arl_ona,
Nevada. ?IP5,' ?30. $82 50, $73.
75 muckers, laborers, carmen and men to
learn mining. *75' and $60. -
TO QUARRIES- -FREE FARE.
60 laborers, drillers and hammermen, $67 50
month.
. WOODCHOPPERS. . .
156 woodchappers, different places, for mines,
ranches, lumber companies. etc., $1 50,
$1 75. $2 50 cord; some by the month, $50
MURRAY ft READY. 634-636 Clay st.
DO YOU WANT TO WORK.
ACROSS THE BAY? FREE FARE.
55 Iph—e-r*. *r>eclal\lob. fee $1. $60. -_
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 CUy et.
TO OREGON. $6.. COAL MINES. $1 TON.
Goal miners, $1 ten. To Oregon. $6.
Call early to-<!ay. COAL MINERS.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay «t.
ARE -YOU PORTLAND. 555 Woodsmen.
GOING? OREGON. 555 Mfllmen.
$60 MONTH. . $07 CO MONTH.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay ft.
FREE FARE.
ARE YOU A DRILLER?
25 men: open-cut work — It's st-ady: $«7-60.
FEE *l. THATS ALL.
-_v. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay »t.
"" NORTHERN CALIFORNIA. - '-. .-
Special R. R. fare, $2 75.
55 teamsten* (can drive 2 homes), $G7 GO.
He Is here — general manager — SEE HIM. •\u25a0 ',
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay ,t.
"—" ! FREE. FARE TO ~ ~~~~~
TUNNELS. TUNNSLS. "TUNNELS.
65 fjnnelnwn. free fare, $67 60.
35 drillers and: hammers men, fre« fare,
$67 50. ;«; ' - :
123 laborers or muckers, $00 *
vU-.'i'V' \u25a0 ' - ' ' ' ._•\u25a0\u25a0''\u25a0' \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 ' .-"',\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0"\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0..,:." '-...\u25a0.'-\u25a0*\u25a0 \u25a0 •'.- '.* \u25a0 '-v' \u25a0 \u25a0 . . \u25a0-. '•-.'- ' ' '
ii "ii i \u25a0nm ifo vsnvik. *9mBSBV TT*^% rf\ T T l2 BMa^ M _. aaaaßßsa_ sbsbj bbsl_. taaaaaaa—_
JT J_LVJE!_pfl!_# Small Ad Patrons JT \u25a0 JV EL* Ml*
\A "SILVER PICTUkib \u25a0 \u25a0FRAittiG,— — - ';
This heavily silver-plated, satin finish picture frame is the same size as the illustration, 7V_ X S inches,
with thick glass 1 and substantial back. It is of a highly ornamental design, attractive in appearance and sub-
stantial in construction. . /.
Free to Any Person Presenting a Small Ad THURSDAY, FRIDAY or SATURDAY
FOR the sxjndaY CALL
No Ads for Sunday Call Received Later Than 9 O'CJock Saturday Night*
I CALL BUSINESS OFFICE I OAKLAND OFFICE |
Third and Market Sta. 1016 BroadwayContinued From Pace 15.
COMMERCIAL -NisWS
S Une of Palmetto str*ct. 275 W of Boston
avenue, t W 25 by 3 129:9. lot 15. bloc* B» re
subdivision, block B. Proasect Kill Tract.
Brooklyn Townsnin; $10
ST. LOUIS. Aug. IS.— While trying to
rescue Frederick Churchill, who had
waded beyond his depth when in bath--
Ing with a party of friends. Mis 3 Stella
McMullen of FestU3. Mo., lost her life
and Churchill was also drowned bef ore>_
assistance could reach them. The bod~i
lea have not been recovered. **«
GIRL LOSES LIFE IX VAIX
EFFORT TO SAVE BATHER
AUGUSTA, Me.. Aug. 18.— Matti»
Hackett, the 18-y«ar-old daughter of I*
J. Hackett. a farmer of Kent* Hill. s>
village fifteen miles northeast of this
city, was murdered last night by men
supposed to be tramps. Four men
called at the house for a meal, and
while it was being prepared by . the
daughter Hackett, accompanied by ona
of the strangers, went to the stabla
near by to do some work. While there
a scream was heard and, running to
the road. Hackett found his daughter
unconscious with" a small cord tightly
drawn about her neck. Blood wa3
pouring from a deep gash In the 4 head.
All the tramps escaped except th« ona
who had gone to the barn.
Hoboes Strangle Girl While
She Is Preparing Meal \u25a0
for Them. $J
FAKMEE'S DAUGHTEB
KILLED BY TEAMPS
OMAHA, Augr. 18. — Dr. Guy W. Wads
worth, president of the Occidental Col
lege of Los Angeles, Cal.. has accepted
the presidency of Bellevue Presbyterian
College, recently tendered to him by
the board of trustees. Sines the resig
nation last year of Dr. Kerr. dnrlns;
whose administration the college grew
to be the largest Presbyterian colleg*
in the West, the position has been va
cant, except for the brief incumbency
of Dr. Harlowe Lampcn of Philadel
phia, who met -with such bitter hostility
on tho part of the students that ha was
forced to retire. It is understood that
a conflict of view* over certain ad
ministrative matter* at Occidental ha*
contributed to Dr. TVadsworth's deci
sion to come to Bellevue, a decision
which please* both faculty and stu
dents.
apodal Dispatch to Tb* CaJL
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Dr. Woodward of Los An
geles to Be Head of Pres
byterian College. ,;
CALIFOENIA DITINE if
GIVEN POST OF HONOR
FRIDAY, AUGUST 13. *
Mary J. Hanlon to Georglana H. Peckham,
lot on S line of Bush atre«t, 134 B of Van
Ness avenue, E 25 by S 120; gift.
Sam* to. same, lot on SE line of M street,
60 SW of Eleventh avenue, SW 126 by SE
75. block 229; gift.
Georgle H. and Thomas Peckham to Mary
J. Hanlon, Ufa estat« In lot on S line of
Bush street, 134 E Van Ness avenue, E 25
by 8 120; also lot on SB line M street, 60 SW
Eleventh avenue, SW 125 by S 75; $10.
John J. Coughlln to E. •J. Coakley and D
W. Wallace, lot on \V_ line of Fillmor« street.
35:6 6 Filbert. 825 by W 100; $10. - .' :.
Joseph S and Agnes B. SUverberg to Gar
ret W. McEnerney, lot on N line of Broad
way, ISO W Broderlck, W 7:6 by N 187:6; $10
John S. Gang to Franoes M. Gang, lot on S
line Frederick street, 125 E Stanyan, E 25 by
S 137 :<5; gift.
Catbe Kelly to College Notr« Dam«, re
record 2116 d. 880: lot on X line of Seven
teenth street,- 173:7% E Dolores, B 26:4« N
116, W. 26:<J%. 8 fi6; grant. *' ,-
Camille and Louise Carrau to Alexander
Mcolson, lot on Tweaty-flrst street. 200 W
Church. W. 0:8% by N 114; $50.
C. A. and AnnUM. Buckley to I* H. and
uSI Noe.° EnßE nB 2 O 5 n 'by Ot BTl4Tsia % .^^
_ Ludwig B. G. Koentg to Albert and Marie
ScV'e 2^ V^lll^* .<** .« E
r S°i •<&££: \u25a0& ti?FZ£
ili"«10 W of Dolo ««.W2Bby'N
John F. CDonoghu© to Waltsr W. and Ba
bVns£^ i s ° b byn y % i^..%t^ y sasl io °
Florin I* and Ella N. Jones to Ellsworth B.
Johnson, lot on SE corner of Vallejo and Hyds
streets, 3 48 by E ; 76:9; ; ?20.
, P* 1 1 ?. MUIIn «f Company to Nat Raphael,
lot on SW line of Stanford street. 106:8 SB of
Brannan. SB 100 by SW 80; $ia . ~<- "
• Frederick W. and \ Emma Kern to Judah
Boas Company, lot on ' NW line of Mission
street, 150 NE of Fifth. NE 25 by NW &\u25a0 f&
A £s**t L. Vlllegla to Jam«e K. Bulger lot
Jacob Heyman Company to G. R. A. Brown
and A. G. Griffin (trustees estate of B. B
Rambo).- lot 'on . SW line of -Sixth street. 175
SE of Bryant. SE 60, SW 85, NW 25 SW 75
NW 25 NE 160; $10. , / T! . ' -
•\u25a0 M. H. and Ullle \u25a0B. Hernan to" John War
nock,lot -on W. line of Minnesota, street, 6702
N of -Twenty-third, KW 101. N 25. SE 101
W'2s;. $10. . - ... \u0084;
William J. and Emma C. Gunn to Archibald
B. Thomson, lot : on E line >of . Ninth avenue
200 N of. Point Lobos avenue. N 60 by E 120*
quitclaim deed; ?5. "••.- . ' . • ". •
• Archibald .B. .and: Etnlly M. Thomson to
Brooks ' Palmer, same; : $10. .
\u25a0 Philip i Rive , to \u25a0 Patrick \u25a0 Mclxjughltn. lot on
E line -of -Tenth -avenue,' "2oo S of Clement
street, S 25 by E 120; $10. . V •\u25a0:.-,
' Thomas and s Catherine Fanning to John Ax
till.'"lot on S .line • of Tiu-»ma street. 120 W of
Fifteenth ; avenue, S 125/ W 50:2. NW 125:6
E 68:1%: S10.; : V; ' ; v ,
' John Axtlll to Catherine Houston, same; $10.
: : Bernhard -. and Rose \u25a0: Getz • . to United States
Building,' R. and I. : Company, lot on S Una of
Clement street,* M E of Nineteenth avenue, ~ E
25 by>S-lfK>:;*lo.^' ;- ' \u0084;,;-,
: George D. :: and ; Nellie .' B. Clotwrh .. to Jacob
"Welssbeln. lot on \u25a0NE corner of A street an<l
Twenty- ninth avenue. N 378. E 123:1 11-16, SB
37fl:8.«.W:180:S;i$10.^A /
Jacob '• and Bertha .G. • Welssbeln \u25a0 to John G.
and Martha \u25a0"• J. " Cftaad.v.; lot . on NE - corner of
Twenty-ninth. avenue and ;A' street, ' E 32:6 by
N 100: i $10. .VT> \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0-\u25a0. \u25a0-.*\u25a0:: 1.-.-. \u0084; .._ -.-. W, .:\u25a0\u25a0--.-:.:•
•v T Margraret * F. . and Abraham Marks 'to' C.B.
Humbert, . lot on f N.I line of A ' ; street. 107:6 -W
of-Sixth' avenue.%"W2S by!N 100: $10. -
•;." Fanny.* H. • and William E. Beck and E\-a
Minlnsr Stocks.
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
9 :30 a. m. Session— Com stocks. ' I
600 Alpha 05 100 Savage 69
600 Andes 17 2CO Savage 60
400 Bullion ...... 35 1000 Scorpion 14
100 Caledonia ... 40 \ 000 Seg Belcher... 06
600 Con Va M Co.l 20 100 Sierra Nev.... 85
200 Gould & Cur. IS 400 Union C0n.... 51
400 Hale & Norc 1 60 200 Utah . .... 05
800 Mexican .....1 85 200 Yellow Jacket. 15
400 Ophlr 6 75t -J .
12 m. Informal Session — Comstocks.
800 Andes 17 100 Mexican .. 1 8B
300 Belcher . U 170 Ophlr ...6 78
200 Belcher 18 100 Ophir ......6 87' A
100 Challenge ... 19 200 Overman 1*
100 Chollar 14 800 Potosl 08
600 Con Va M Co.l 20 100 Savage .". . 60
300 Con Va M Co.l 25 300 Sierra Nev.... 85
800 Crown Point.. 00 200 Union C0n. ... 61
100 Gould & Cur. 13 300 Union C0n.... 62
100 Gould & Cur. 14^ ICO Yellow Jacket. 15
100 Hale & Nore.l 60| •
:. 2 p.: m. Session — Comatooks. . ' •"
200 Challenge ... 19 100 Sierra. Nev.... 86
200 Con Va M Co.l 35 700 Union Con..'.. 52
900 Ophlr .......7 00
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha ....... 05 06 Justice ....... 04 Oft
Alta.. 03 OSLKentuck ..... 02 04
Andea 16 17 Lady Waah ... — C 4
Belcher 13 14 Mexican ..... .1 30 1 ?5
Best & Belch.l 20 130 Occidental ... 87 90
Bullion.. 34 36 Ophlr . . . . . .6 87% 700
Caledonia- ... 39 . 40. Ophir- Bruna.. 08 10
Challenge ...18 20 Overman ..... 13 14
Chollar ...... 13 15 Potoal 07 08
Con Va M Co.l 20 1 25HSavage 58 60
Confidence ... ,80 182 Scorpion ...... 13 15
Con Imperial. — 01 Seg Balcher. .. 06 07
Crown Point.. 08 • 19 Sierra Ifev. ... 35 . 36
Con N>. V. . ... 01 02 St Loots • . .... — 10
E Sierra Nev. 08 05 Silver Hi 11.'... 80 85
Eureka C0n..l 25 — Syndicate .... \u25a009 —
Exchequer ... 49 62 Union C0n...: 52 .63
Gould & Cur. 12 13 Utah ......... 04 08
Hale & Kore.l 50 160 Yellow Jacket. '14 1*
Julia ;05 00
TONOPAH ANG GOLDFIBJLD STOCKS.
. > \u25a0\u25a0,'..- Mornlngr 'Session. ,•
1000 Adama ...... 05| 1000 'Jumbo M Co, 75
1000 Bullfrog Mln. 62| 500 Kendall ' b 80 14
1000 Bullfrog Mln. 63 1200 MacNamara. .. 40
1000 Blfg M, bSO.. 64 1000 M'Nmra.. b 60 42
800 Cash Boy ... 23 4300 North Star 60
1600 Cent Eureka.. l4o 500 N Star, a 80. 69
1300 Dixie v....... 15 1800 North Star.... 59
4500 Eclipse, a 10. 40 2000 North Star 53
500 Eclipse, a 6.. 40 6COO Orijr Bullfrog. 2t
600 Hcltpse . ..... 40 200 Red Top ..... 3s»
100 Eclipse 3912000 Rescue ....... 10
500 Empire ...... 0711000 Shoshone Gold 25
1000 Forest Cltyi.. 25 1100 Ton Belmont.. leO
2000 Home . . . W 1300 Ton Belmont. .1 62
600 Home ....... 00'220Q Ton Belmont. .1 06
2f14 Jim Butler .. 84|;5O) Ton Midway. .1 70
500 Jim Butler .. B'i 1500 Ton Midway.. 1,75
1000 Jim Butler :. S7 \u25a0 800 Ton Midway.. l 72
100 Jim • Butler . . 88 500 Midway, b 90.1 85
2000 J Futler Ex. 18 < .• \u25a0';'/\u25a0 , :
. : \u25a0: Afternoon \u25a0 Session.
500 Big Bullfrog. '• 101 100 MacNamara. ; i;%4o
1000 Bullfrog; Mln. 62 3100 North Star.... 68
1500 Bullfrog ' Mln. '\u25a0* 63 600 North Star.... 69
500 Bullfrg N» Bk^24 2000 Ohio-Ton .... '34
3000 Conqueror...?. 16 200 Ohio Ton ....' 33
1000 Den Blfg, slO 2C 2100 Rescue . r. .... 10
300 Dixie ........ 15.1000 8t Ivea ::.... 17
2700 Eclipse .......Sfl -100 Ton Exten \u25a0\u25a0".:. 6 25
100 Goldfleld Mln. 66 3000 Ton Home Con 1 C 9
1000 Jim Butler ... 00 2500 Home Con.bCO. . 10
1000 J Butler, «'5 90 1200 Ton- Midway.'. 1 80
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. :
1 Tonopah •' District. • • ; '• . •
Bid.Ask.! \u25a0-\u25a0 -Bld.Ask.
Belmont .....1 60 1 62 MacNamara. .. 39-40
Belmont Ex. ." : — - .-- 13 Midway - : . r.'.l 80 1 81
Boston Ton •;:•\u25a0— . is Mizpah:Ex :.: II:-: 15
BrgT's JB Ex : — 10 Mont Ton . . . .3 12 317
California ... 06 10 Mon Plttsburg— 18
. Cash, Boy ..; 21 •; 23; Monitor v..r. . 02 \u25a0
Colehan — 10 NY Ton Con.' 18 20-
Eula • Con /. : . 17 North Star. : . . "68 i .',9
Gold 'Anchor.: 91 B4 Ohio ' Ton - ;. . . 34 35
Golden Gate.: — , 03 Red; Rock s Ex: — 15
Gold Mt .... .-12. 14 Rescue ...;.r.:» 10 '11
Great • Westrn 02 04 Ton Exten .:. 6 12 637
Ind Tonopah.. 01- 03 1 Ton Home Con •-' OS -' 0»
Home 08 IOJTon Sly & Gld' 15 - —
10 Alaaka Packers' Association... 79 35
60 Alaska Packers' Association... 79 75 i
50 Alaska Packers* Association... 70 W2V4
30 Giant Powder Con ....... 72 60
85 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 87 00
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 16 60.
6 Mutual Electric Llsrbt- 13 60
216 S F Gas & Blectrlo 75 60
85 S F Gas & Blectrlo 76 75
20 S F Gas & Electric....: 76 Bftf
140 S F Gas & Electrlo 76 00
85 Paauhau S P C0..j... 23 75
10 Spring Valley Watar Co .. 38 3^
$«,600 Cal G & El G M fc C T 6a, b3. 99 00
Str««t —
$2,000 L. A-Paa R R of CaJ B« 110 00
Unlisted Securities.
1 ' MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Am.
Bay CPC 65.108 107^SF Drydk 65.115 — -
1 L Wat 65.118 — >SF &NP 6s. — Ultf
Cal N Wss.Hl — 18 PO R 4s. 95 —
M C Wat ss. - 114 Sun Tel e«...110 _
OkT Con 6«. — \los*i] Do 65 •• ••• -~ 113%
Rls I \Vksss.lol — (Suttr-st K65.105 110 ;
• MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala 8 C 0... — 25 Ou Con A. 19 3054
Cal Cot Mils 82 — Mat Uav C 0.125 185
Cal G&ECor. 75 77% Mills Nat Bk-SOO —
2 Jockey C 1.120 — NS R R Co. — 12tf
Cal Powder. l6o — NT Cal P Co. 9% —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak Bk Sav.lso —
Cal T I & T — 142i,4 lOOF Hall A 6*4 —
Cen Bk. Oak — : 67% Orpheum Co. — 16%
Chute* Co .. 4 6 PacC Cae Co. 138 —
City & C 8k.107%119 Pac Sur Co.. — 120
Gyp L Imp.. 6 6 Paraf Paint.. 90 100
Dptptvd pfd. 90 100 S F Drydock — • ?5
Do com .. 79 • — S Jose Wat.. 103% —
FN Bk. 0ak.120 — SF & SJCoal. 22% —
Fischer Thtr — 1U SO & MTjfbt.l2s —
Frnch-A Bk-107 110 iSwiss-A 8k..125 —
Hono P Co.. — 38 Truck Elect.. 16 —
Do old pool — 38 Union S Co.. — S6
Do nw pool S6 37 W-Fargo 8k.206 —
California Stock and OH Exchange.
Oil Stock»— Bid. Asked.
Aaso. Oil- Stock Tr Cer 66 '-.67
Caribou ."... T 7.25
Chicago Crude (new ........ .08 ""ll
Claremont •'• ..... . .75 -
Forty .40 .46
Home 1 .68 •••il
Independence 26 ".37
Junction .17 .21 ;._
Kern 14.25 16.00
Kern (new '•• \ -SO
Monarch of Arizona ..... .25
Monte Crlsto .' .75 .80
Occidental of W. Va. ' .02
Oil City Petroleum >.63 .....
Reed Crude 25
Superior '06 .
Thlrty-Thrte ................ ...... 6.75
Toltec .66
Twenty-Eight ...10.00 11.00
Wabash .30
i SALES.
10:30 a. m.
Board —
2000 Asso. Oil Co j Stock Tr Certificate .... 67
1 :30 0. m.
Board —
300 Home Oil r 68
"Business failures in the United
States for the week ending August 17
number 147. against 156 last week, 203
In tbo like week of 1904. 166 in 1903.
ISI in 1902 and 131 in 1901.
"In Canada failures numbered 29, as
against 32 last week and 15 in this
week a year ago.
"Wheat. Including flour, exports for
the week ending August 17 were 1,088.
619 bushels, against 865.002 last week.
1.703.047 this week last year. 5.372.753
in 1903 and 5.954.759 in 1902.
"From July.l to date the exports ar«
6,307,164 bushels against 9.549.31S last
year. 21.833.23S in 1903 and 31.339,767
in 1902."
"On the Pacific Coast business is fair
ly active at all points. Railway opera
tions, swelled by large crop and indus
trial movement, are of very, full vol
urr.e.
"Iron and steel trade advices are. ff
anything., rather more encouraging.
Bradstreet's to-morrow will say:
"Fall trade, while not yet under full
headway, Is steadily gathering force.
Buyers are more numerous. Good
weather for harvesting and thrashing,
except in portions of the Northwest,
continue to reveal very favorable re
sults in both spring and winter sown
grains. Combined cereal yields will
probably exceed all past years in
both quality and quantity. Collection*
on the whole have improved slightly.
Currency shipments to tho country ara
increaslr.gr, but no particular effect on
money rates as yet.
"Features tht3 week on Western mar
kets have been numerous, excursions of
buyers arriving at Kansas City. St.
Louis and Chicago.
Reports from clearing-houses at th«
principal cities for the last week in
dicate a larger volurr:* of business than
in the week preceding and far exceed
the corresponding week in any previous
year. Total bank exchanges at the*
fourteen leading cities were 12,217,233,
310, an increase of 23.8 per cent over
the same week in 1904. and a gain
of 28.1 per cent compared with th«
clearings two years ago.
Commercial failures this week In th«
United States arc 218. against 222 last
week. 232 the preceding week and 22«
the corresponding week last year. Fail
ures in Canada number 28. against 19
last^week. 26 the preceding week and
24 last year.
NEW TGRK. Augr. 18.— Dispatches to
Dun's Review indicate that trade and
industry have made favorable progress
under th« beneficent Influences or
brighter crop prospects. Boston report*
a CroK-lnjr confidence that rcakes th«
general business outlook most encour
a.gtng. Manufacturers at Philadelphia
*re well employed, a* a rule, and col
lections are fairly prompt. Trade im> v
proves at Pittsburar. Outsld© buyer*
ar« In lar^e attendance at Baltimore,
placing fall orders freely. Payment*
are prompt. Conditions are favorabl*
at Nashville. Cincinnati reports pros
pects bright for fall and winter trade.
There is activity in all manufactur
ing lines at Atlanta, and collection* arc
much better than usual. The attend
ance of outalde buyers is steadily In
creasing in the St. Louis market, «
Wholesale business In leading line* at
Kansas City is active: retail trad* 1*
fair and collections improving. Manu
facturing at Indianapolis shows in
creased activity und a general improve
ment is noted in the volume of busi
ness. Trade Increases at Chicago 1
wholesale merchandise Is in unusual re
quest for fall and winter consumption
and mercantile collections continue
prompt.
Dun's Review Eeports Ac
tivity in Manufacturing
Lines All Over the Land
PAYMENTS AEE PKOMFI
Prospect of Good Crops Ha 3
Most Eenelicial Influence
on General Business
TRADE OUTLOOK
IS ENCOURAGING
Jim Butler "... 89 91| Ton of Nev.l4 00 14 25
J Butler Ex. — £0 Virginia ••••• 10 —
Little Ton ..1 75 2 25 West End ...100105
Lucky Tom... — c«| '
Goldfleld District. V'
Adams ...... 04 CsjHibernia ..... 10 —
Atlanta ..... 07 08 Highland — tg
Aurora 10 12|jumbo M Co.. 75 7t»
Black Ants:. ..— 1.4! Jumbo Ex ... 15 16
Black Butte.. 24 25 Juno ......... — 01
Blk Butte EXi 02 1 01 Kendall .. 14 15
Black Rock.. 02 V OliKendall Ex .. — 10
Blue Bell ... 04 05 Lone Star ... 09 10
Blue Bull ... — 10' Lucky Star ..-— <H
Brooklyn .... 01 02^ May Queen . . 18 25
Butte Gldfld.. 60 eofilofcawk 16 18
Bull & Bear. 02 03 Nevada Boy ..13 —
Booth M Co.. OS — jNev Goldfleld. 17 20
CO D 25 — -JNiv Southern. 14 —
Columbia.... 14 15 Oakes .... — 10
Columbia Mt. 15 . 17LOakland .....— 10
Conqueror... — 15 Oro •• — °5
Diamond — 151 Pennsylvania.. 01 12
Diamondfleld. 41 42!Potlatch 06 —
Dmdfld Trngl. — IS) Ked Lion 03 04
Dominion ... — 20 Red Top . 38 39
Dixie 14 15 Ked Top Ex.. 01 02
Empire 06 07iSandstorm .... 60 01
Exploitation.. — 04' Sandstorm EX 06 C 9
Fawn •... 06 — |Sherman ..... — 25
Frisco ....... 08 10 Silver Pick ..12 13
Gold Dust .."./.OS 07 Simmerone ... 20 25
Gold Hill ...f"_ ': 04 St Ivcs 18 17
Goldfleld Mln. 65 — ITreasure 07 10
Gld & G Reed — , 10l Verde 02 04
Gldfld Rand.. 03 - 06 Vernal 04
Goldfleld Ton. — C 5 Wonder 02 03
Great Bend ..05 08
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... 08 10 Gold Bar .... 19 23
Amethyst .... 16 Gldfld Bullfrog — 10
Big Bullfrog. 12 — Lige Harris... 02 03
Bonnie Clare. — 86 Mont Bullfrog. 07 C 8
Bullfrog Mln. 60 64 Orig Bullfrog. 23 25
Bullfrog Anx. 03 C6'Red Dog 18 ' —
Bullfrog Com 05 07 Shoshone — 10
Bullfrog Ex.. 11 18 Shoshon B Old 25 —
Blfrg Jumper. — 11 Stelnway 17 18
Bullfrg NBk 23 24 Ventura 11 13
Den Bullfrog. 20 21 Vista Grande.. — 08
Den Blfg Anx — 03 Wolverine .... OS 10
Eolipae ...... SS 89
Other Districts.
Brown Hope.. — 14 Paymaster ... 08 08
Congress .... 15 — Ray & O'Brien 06 07
Esperanxa'... — 01 Rooco Hmstk* 40 —
Gold Reer M. — 25 Rothwell . — • 28
Gold Reer Ex — 26 Silver Peak . . — 17
Kawlch &B. — 13 flouthwsatern. . — 25
Kawioh Gold. — 05 feylvanla — 21
Kawich MCo 09 15 Tokoo Con ... — CS
Uda Hawk \u25a0..-. 45 — .
TONOPAH- MINING EXCHANGE
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
/j »:30 a.m. Session.
1000 Black Butte.. 25 200 Ophlr ..6 CO"
ICO Con Va M.I 17% 2500 Rescue, s 10. 00
500 Diamondfleld. 42 1000 Ton Belmont..l 63
1200 G Anchor, blO 95 COO Ton Blmontl 62Vi
600f> Home Con,b3o 10 5000 Ton Cash Boy 23
500 J Butler, b6O 90 200 Ton Midway.. l 65
TOO Mon Ton ...3 15 1000 Ton Mdway.l C2H
400 Mexican ...1 21K 700 Ton Midway. .l 75
. 11 a. m Session.
600 Adams 04% 300 Mexican ....1 32%
1500 Black Butte.. 25 500 Mont Ton. b10.3 15
2000 Brown Hope.. 16 100 Ophir 7 00
700 Con Va M Co.l 20 3500 Orlg Bullfrog. 24
200 Con V M.D30.1 25 ICOO Orlg Blfg, bSO 25
•1000 Dixie .... 15 1000 Shoshone 10
2000 Gold Mt, slO. 13 700 Ton Belmont..l 80
1000 Home CO 100 Ton Bxten ...6 25
2000 Home Con.b3o 10 800 Ton Midway.. l 75
1000 Jim Butler :. 87 1000 Ton N Star... 60
500 Jim Butler .. 88 200 Union Con 61
500 M'Nmra, b 90 43 300 West End...l 07%
2 p. m. Session.
2300 Adams 04%| 500 Nat Bank 24
! 600 Con Va M Co.l 25 200 Ophlr 8 87%
2000 Dmdfld. a 10. 41 1500 Orlg Bullfrog. 24
2500 Dixie ........ 35 500 Overman 13
500 Eclipse 41 3000 Pa Goldfleld.. 03
600 Eclipse, b (K>. 44 5000 Pa Goldfleld.. ol%
6000 Home Con.b3o 10 1000 Red Top 38
100 Jack Boy 88 1200 Ton Midway.. l 75
600 Jack Boy.blO. ,37 500 Ton N Star. .. 68
1500 Jim Butler . . >88 100 Union C0n. ... 61
1000 Jumbo M. b10'77 600 W End, b 10.1 10
600 Mont Ton ...8 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Comstocks.
Bid. Ask. • Bid.Ask.
Andes 16 —Hale & Norc —185
Belcher — 15 Mexican 1 32% —
Best & Belch.l 80 — Occidental . . .1 25 —
Caledonia ... 45 —Ophlr 6757 00
Challenge ... 20 —Savage — 71
Chollar 14 — Scorpion 08 —
Con Va M Col 20 125 Sierra Nev 34 —
Con Imperial. — 01% Silver Hill 90 —
Crown Point.. 14 — Union C0n.... 51 —
Exchequer ... 60 — Yellow Jacket. 21 —
Gould & Cur. 18 19>
Tonopah District.
Belmont ...1 62% 175 Mlzpah Ex ... — 15
California ... 07 — Mont Ton -...3 10 315
Cash Boy ... 22 24 N V Ton Con. 20 21
Gold Anchor.. — 96 North Star 57 Z9
Great Westrn 02 — Ohio 33 —
Home 08 10 Paymaster ...02% 03%
Home Con .. — 11 S Nev Dev... — 18
Ind Tonopah.. 01% 02 Rescue 10 —
Jim Butler .. .86 — Ton Exten ...6 75 —
Lucky Tom... — 17 Ton of Nev.l4 00 15 00
MacNamara.. . 89 41 United Ton . . — 13
Midway 175 — West End ... —1 10
- Goldfleld 'District.
Adame 04 04% Jumbo Ex ... 18 SO
Austin .......— 81 Kendall IS —
Black Butte.. 23 — Lone Star ... — 12
Blk Butte Ex 02% 04 May Queen . . 19 21
Black Rock. . — 02% Mohawk — 30
Blue Bell ... 04 —Nev Goldfleld. IT 20
Blue Bull ... 03 15 Oakes — C 9
Brooklyn . .... 02 061 Oro — 04
Columbia Mt. 20. —Pa Goldfleld.. 01 02
Diamond .... — 15 Red Hon .... — 03
Diamondfleld. 41 42 Red Top 88 40
Dixie ........ :16 — Red Top Ex.. — 04
Frisco — 20 St Ivea 17 1&
GHfld G Dust 11 — Sandstorm — \u25a0 fti
Gld & G Reed — 10 Sandstorm Ex. 07 C 9
Gldfld L Star — 08 Silver Pick .. 10 12
Goldfleld Nev. 56 — I Simmerone ... — 25
Jumbo M Co. 75 771
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... 01 10 Lige Harris... 03
Beatty Blfrg. — 11 Mont Bullfrog. 08 10
Bullfrog Anx. — 07 Orlg Bullfrog. 23 —
Bullfrog Belle 08 — Shoshone 10 11
Bullfrog Mln. 37 — Vista Grande.. — 12
Bulifrg NBk 23 ..?s, Wolverine .... — 11
Eclipse ..89 42:
Other Districts.
Brown Hope.. 16 — Pine Grove . . 20 25
Esperanza ... 00% 01 Ray & O'Brien 05% OS
Free Gold ... — 15 Rothwoll — 25
Gold Mt Con. — 02 Silver Peak .. — 21
Kawlch Gold. 05 07 Ton Berkeley.. 20
Nev Sunshine 14 — Ton Gold Mt.. 09
Wlokham and Florence W. Havana to J. D.
Thompson, lot 81. Oak Park Tract. Oakland;
$10.
Abraham L. Joyce (distributee in estate of
Margaret Williams) to John Stewart, all In
terest In lots 3 to 12. block E (said block
bounded on N by Merced avenue, now Fifty
eighth, on the S by Mono avenue, now Fif
ty-seventh, on the W by Dover street, and on
the E by" Mac Call street). redivUion of map.
portion of Brumagin Tract. W of Shattuck
avenue, Oakland; $260.
Mary Merle (widow) to George W. and
Marie A. Kelly, lot on N line of San An
tonio avenue. 340 E of Willow street. E 40
by N 150. being E 10 feet of lot 7 and W
30 feet' of lot 8. lands adjoining to Encinal.
quitclaim deed. Alameda; $10.
-A. Merle Investment Company to same,
same, Alameda; ilO. .
Llnwood, W. W.. Kate W. and Mary E.
Palmer (all single) to City of Alameda. for
public street, being extension of \Pearl street.
N" from Buena Vista to Harrison avenues. NE
of Bu-ena Vista avenue and Pearl street ex
tended NW 60 to intersection wtth W line of
Pearl street, extended N, N to S line of Har
rison avenue. E 60 to intersection of said line
and E line of Pearl street extended N, 8 to
beginning. Alameda; $1.
L. G. and Mary I. Burpee. J. S.. and Clara
Myers to R. W. Gorrill. lot on E line of
Franklin street. 62:6 N of Tenth. E 100. N
12:6. E 50. N 50. W 60, N 12:6. W 100 to
E line of Franklin street. S 75 to beginning,
block 142. Kellersberger's map. Oakland; $10.
J. A. and Lulu A. Anderson to Aristlde B.
and Marie Martin, lot on W line of Peralta
street. 154 8 of Sixteenth. S 25 by W 110. lot
3. block 727 A. map of resubdlvlsion of block
740 and portion of block 3 939. 727 and 728,
Oakland; $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to Charles and Maude
P. Lehman, lot 22,' block O. Santa. Fe Tract
No. 4, Oakland; $10.
Marvel E. and Norman Ellsworth to >John
William Hawes, lot on SE line of Tenth ave
nue, 75 SW of East Sixteenth street, SW 37:8
by SE 100, block 68, Clinton. East Oakland;
$10.
Wlckham and Florence W. Havens to Mary
B. Strong (wife of E. X.). lots 63, 64 and 90,
amended map of Alta Piedmont Tract. Oak
land Township: also lot on W line of P&la
avenue. 270 N of Park way, N 50 by W 127.70.
being N 30 feet of lot 54 and S 20 feet of lot
55, same map, Oakland Township: $10.
Bertha V. and John McCarty to Cyrus A.
Pomeroy, -lot 2a and S one-half of lot 29, sub
division of lots 12, 13 and 14 and ponton of
lot 11 of corrected map of Snyder Homestead
Tract and all buildings and Improvements,
Berkeley; $10.
William and Emma J. Herrod to Margaret
Sullivan, lots 18 and 18H. amended map sub
division Mooswood Tract, Oakland; $10.
A. D. Cooper (single) to J. F. Cooper, lot on
N line of Tompklns or' Oregon street. 80 B
Magee or Dwlnelle, N 100 by E 40. portion
lot 6. block 8, State University Homestead
Association No. S. Berkeley: $10.
Same to same, lot on E line McOeo avenue.
65 N Oregon street, N 33 by E 80, portion
lot 6, block 3, same. No. 3, Berkeley: $10.
Peter Clancy (single) . to A. E. Shaw, lot
on SE corner Virginia and Grant streets, B
120 by S 135:4%. lot 5, block 1, came. No. 4.
Berkeley: $10.
B. C. Hawes. administrator of the estate
of Patrick E>. McMurray. to M. Resenberr.
all Interest In same, Berkeley; $1510.
A. E. Shaw (single) to Fredericks Rosen
berg, wife of M., same. Berkeley: $10. '
J. C. and \u25a0H. • I*. Estey (wife) to John B.
Greenwood, lot on E line of Orange avtnuj,
100 N Latham Terrace. N 100 by E 120. Bias
del Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Harriet C. Lanktree (wife of J. B.) to Knut
and Martha Bergendahl. lota 1 and 2, block B.
Allendale Annex. Quitclaim deed. Brooklyn
Township: $10.
Loulae Michl (widow) to F. 8. Oliver, lot 18,
block L, amended map. Mosa Tract, Brook
lyn Township: $10.
Patrick. and Mary Reily or Rellly to Henri
etta B. West, lot on N line of Stanley street
120.10 E of Grove, N 127.26. E 42.79. 3 128 14
to N line of Stanley. W 42.81 to beginning
lot 6, block 4, McKee Tract In plat 48. V. and
t>. Peralta Rancho. Oakland; $10.
Sarah M. and J. H. Kruse to Jacintho Prair
ra, lot 25 feet on Grant street by 100 deep, lot
23. block G, map Town of Lynn (old Town)
East Oakland; $10. '
• The Realty Syndicate to H. D. Brown (sln-
Fle).: 4 acres beginning at point In center of
Pleasant Valley avenue. 718 :3 S of Its Inter
section with NE boundary plat 23. Kellers
berger*s map Ranchos V. and D. Peralta. SW
SOO, SE 654.51. NE 212.89. NW 725.31 to be
ginning, portion lot 14 and all lot 15. Pleasant
Valley Tract. Oakland; $10.
H. N. and V.- E. Morse to Eugene G Weed,
lot 2. Morse Tract No. 1, Oakland; $10
Mary K. New (Walker) or Mary K. Walker
New to W. C. and Mary Benson, lot on SE
line of Claremont avenue. 44 :fl SW of Summer
street. SW 50 to SW line lot 15, SE 100, NE 54
NW 100 to beginning, portion lo.ts 14 and li
block A. map blocks A, B and C. Vernon Park
! Oakland (deed made in cancellation and ter
mination of lease between parties hereto April
Northlands Development Company to W F
Snyder * (single). lot 26, block 2. Northlands
Tract .No. ,1. etc, Berkeley: $10.
. Otto Turn ; Suden (wldowert .to Alice Nelson
(widow), lot on S lino of Prince street 100 W
of Deakln. W . 60 by S 135, lot 9 block C
Woolsey Tract. Berkeley: $5 '
\u25a0 Leola W. . Halt (slnsrle) .to B. F. Bassfcrd
lot on E line of Cherry street. 160 S of Stuart
(Mfiple). S 40 by E 120. lot 10. block B, map
2, University Villa Tract. Berkeley;- $lO.
* : The ' Realty Syndicate to Celta Bartlett
(married), lot 9, block 15. McGee Tract, por
tion of plat 67, Kellersberger's survey Berke
ley;slo. '
Claremont Park \u25a0 Company (corporation) to
Mary S. Reynolds, lot 12. block 5, Claremont,
Berkeley: $10. ;
George >E. Clarke to. Rebecca Way (widow).
lot on E•> line of , Pearl street. 88 :9 S' of
\u25a0 Encinal avenue." 5.40 by E OS:10. Alameda
slf>. ~«fFS3gjßPWssB&ga» ii'ib'flQjMPgjJcaMßaMM
PhlllD John Bailey to Louis Schaffer. lot on
Paul Stricken (owner) with Eureka Building
Company (contractors), architects Salfleld *
Kohlberg— Excavating, brick work, concrete
work, carpenter and mill work, hardware,
glazing, tinning, lath and plastering for a
four- story building on W line of Mission street.
85:8 S of Thirteenth. S 23 by W 100: $8300.
S. L. Abbott (owner) with Ravannl & Cur
ran (contractors), architect Nathaniel Blais
deil — Plumbing, drainage and sewering for &
two-story and basement building on N line of
Vallejo street. 67:6 W of Buchanan, W 82:6
by N 137:6; $1180. J
Same owner with Eastman Bros, (contract
ors), architect same — Gasfltting and plumbing
for same on same; $1375.
California Market Company. Edith L., Marie
T. and Kathleen E. Bull (owners) with Van
Emoa Engineering Company (contractors),
architect Herman Barth— Electric freight ele
vator, extend present dumb waiter and altera
tions to sidewalk elevators for building on N
line of Pine street. 65:9 E or Kearny. E 63 by
N 125; J2116 50.
Same owner with W. W. Anderson, architect
same — Two additional stories to building for
earn* on same; $19,977.
Roger Johnson (owner) with Richard Keat
irge & !Sona (contractors), architects H. Geil
fuss & Son— Excavating, concrete walls and
piers for a flve-Btory brick building on N line
of Fulton street. 150 W of Larkln. W 42:6 by
N 120; $2624.
Alnmeda County.
L. and Jcnn.M. Kepner to Henry G. Meyer.
lot on SW corner of Fourteenth avenue ar.d A
street, S 120 by W- 31; $10.
Albert Meyer to Edmon'd Godehaux and W.
H. Alford. lot on W line of Forty-eighth ave
nue. 225 N of B. street. N -6 by W 240; $10.
Charles J. and 'Anna L. Bosworth to Julian
Elsenbach, lot on E line of Eighteenth avenue.
150 N of Fulton street. N 30 by F. 120: fl 1 ).
American Land and. Trust Company to Ge rge
Walker, lot on W line or Forty-first avenu».
SCO S of I street. S ICO by W 32:«: a:so lut
on E line of Forty-first avenue. 100 N cf J
street. E 32:6 by S 1C0; $10.
Bernhard and Rose Getz to Ida M. Cam
bridge, lot on NE corner of Forty-eighth ave
nue and J street. E 82:6 by N 100; SlO.
. Julie J. Schwartz to same, lot on SE corner
of J street and Forty-eighth avenue, E £17:0 by
3 100; «10. . \u25a0••\u25a0
D. T. and M. C. Phillips to Clara A. Glbrr
son. lot on S line of L street, 32:8 E of Thir
teenth avenue, E 125 by S 100; also lot on E
line of Thirteenth avenue. 125 S of 1* street.
S 50 by E 120; also lot on E line of Thirteenth
avenue. 225 S of L street, S 73 by E 120; $kO.
Ferdinand E. Hesthal to Parkslde Realty
Company, lot on NE corner of Fortieth avenue
and 8 street. N 277:10>j. E 120:b\ S 270:6, S
270:4 W 102:7; a.so lot on NW corner of
Forty-third avenue and S street. W 220:6. N
358:6. E 1»7:5. S 344:7; also lot on NW corner
of Forty-9*cond avenue and S street. W 240.
N 399:11, E 240:6. S 323:11; also lot on NW
corner of Fortieth and S street. W 240. N
288:1, B 240:6, S 252:7: also lot on NW cor
ner- of Forty-first avenue and S street. V*
240. N 310:3. E 240:6. S 303:4: $10. _ v
Wlnslow and Bertha L. Anderson to R. J.
Airey. lot on W line of Twenty-eighth avenue.
105:8 S of R street. S 150 by W 120: $10.
8. Ducas Company to Leopold Htrschl. lot on
SE line of Spreckels street. 121.54 NE of \isi
taclon avenue. NE 49.81. SE 110.C2. SW 43.81.
NW 110.0% block 29, Sunnyvale Homestead:
$10
William A./ and Thomas Magee (trustees).
Frederic P. Magee to George T. Clark, lot on
NW line of Bu«na Vista street, 11» NE of
Frederick, NE 26, NW 123, SW 22:8*4. SB
128. lot 6. block 1. Flint Tract: $10.
Margaret Tost (Corcoran) to Alfred D.
Bowen, loti 178 and 177. gift map 4; $10.
Bertha M. and Edward S. Hall to Ocean
Shoro Railway Company, lot 354, same; $10.
Edward -E. Glrml to Jessie Haus«r. lot on
NE line of Emma street. 300 SE of Silva, SE
150 by NE 100. lota 20. 27. 28. 31. 83 and 3ft,
Silver Terrace; $10.
W. L. Harper to Knute Claaker, lot on W
line of Kosdusco street. 223 S of Crescent. 23
by 70, lot 233, Holiday map A. quitclaim deed;
$10.
R. M. and Louise F. Sims to Leopold Weln
«teln. lot on SW line of Fourteenth avenue.
275 SE of R street. SE 23 by SW 200. lota 12
and 37. block 293. ON. ana H. Tract; $10.
Estate Benjamin M. Abbott to R. M. Sim*.
lots 12 and 37, block 293. ON. and H. Tract;
$300. i
Martin F. and Sarah A. Fragrley to Eugenlo
Podesta, lot on E line of Dame street. 125 S of
Thirtieth, S 60 by E 125, block 23. Falnnount;
$10.
Thomas Moore to Mary Magistra, lot on NW
line of Arlington street. 335 SW of Roanoke,
SW 30 by NW 75, lot 6, Jonea Addition, Fair
mount; $10.
Charles A. Magistra to same, same; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 19, 1905.
14
. Ham, - beloved son :of Thomas > and r Annie
' .Tuite,' and brother of Bessie and Mary Tulte.'
- a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years : 4
months and 18 days. • • * *
WILLIAMS— In this city, August : 17. 1005.
\u25a0 ; Susan, beloved wife of tne late Michael 'A. •
Williams, and mother of Mrs. N. P. Poll-
. dorl and the late William Williams, a na-
tive of 'County Wlcklow, Ireland, aged 49
-.years;- ':-.'.• \u25a0-- . • \u25a0 \u25a0 • .'"\u25a0:-•
- E7"Friends and acquaintances and 'officers
I and members of Redwood Circle No. 72, ' W-
omen of Woodcraft, are respectfully invited
to attend the funeral to-day (Saturday),
at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late residence,
1170 Folsom street, thence to St. Joseph's
. Church, where a mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock a." m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery by electric car leaving Eighteenth : and
Guerrero streets at 10:16 a. m. '"
WOODBRIDGE — In Suisun City. Cal., August
16, 19C6, Mrs. Llllie Woodbridge, of Charles-
ton, South Carolina. . , .'
WULFF— In Belmont. Cal., August 16, 1005,
Hans Wulff, beloved husband of Catherine
Wulff and father of Henry, John, Willie and
Frank Wulff and Mrs. H. Trede and Mrs.
Daniel Fischer, a native of Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 63 years. A member of Georgo
H. Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R., and Seven
Pines Circle No. 3, Ladles of G. A. R.C
E7"Friends and acquaintance* • are - respect-
" fully Invited to attend tne - funeral Sunday.
August 20, at 1:30 o'clock p. m.,~ trora 220
Golden Gato avenue, where the services will
be held under the auspices of George H.
Thomas. Post No. 2, G. A. R. Interment
Georgo H. Thomas Post plat, National Ceme-
tery, Presidio. Remains at the new funeral,
chapel of Theodor Dlerks, 432 Golden Gote,
avenue, between Larkln and Polk streets, -s *
To the officers and members of Seven Pines
Circle No. 3, Ladles of the G. A. R.— You
are requested to attend the funeral of our
late comrade. Hans Wulff, Sunday. August
20, at 1:30 o'clock, from Red Men a build-
ing, 220 Golden Gate avenue. • \u0084
KMILY F. RUSSELL, President.
ANNIE M. PHILLIPS, Secretary.
WOODLAWN CEMETERY
San Mateo County. \u25a0
MASONIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
68U James Flood Building, 8. T.
j ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfurn.
j GEARY. COO — Newly fur., sunny front room,
; back parlor: others; homelike; reasonable.
j GOLDEN GATE aye.. 121&— 1, 2 or 3 nicely
\u25a0 fum. rooms to rent to secrete party; reason.
i GKA.ND SOUTHERN, Seventh and Mission—
100 rooms. asc to $1 50 night: ?1 50 to »7 wk.
I HOTEL HV. KATHRYN. cor. Ellis and Leav-
•:mvc:lh — SCO rooms; modern and up to date;
: light, sunny and tlry; hair mattresses; free
bath*; every thir-c fresh and clean; single
rooms and batfcs; reasonable ratee.
HOTEL Hamilton. 125 Ellis, bet. Powell and
Mason cts., ri. F.; rooms $1 to $8 per day;
steam heat and telephone In each room.
HOW AKD, 715— Rooms, 25c to $1 ocr day;
$1 SO to $-\u25a0; per week; reading-room, etc.
! ZZZZ '
! JESSIE. 315— Room furnished.
I KIIAUNY. 220— Sur.ny rooms, en suite or sin-
gle; rcr.t reasonable. Phone Black 4446.
MARKET. 7"»9 — Fine turn, rooms; gas, . electric
lights, running water; convenient; reasonable.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL 129 Third st. — 100
single and family rooms, Sso to $1 50 per day;
$2 to SS week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor; hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
j in every room, and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and night to Its guests. '
i MISSION, 1120 — Furnished and housekeeping
rooiCß.
OCTAVIA, 1311, near Geary — Furnished room:
2 windows; fireplace; $12; suite, 2 rooms,
Sl5; bath. \u25a0
O'FARRELL, 20— Bunny furnlahed rooms: ele-
vator and electric lights; unfurnished offices.
O'FARRELL, 623 — Newly furnished rooms; 10
minutes' walk from Call building; 2 car lines.
RIO VISTA HOTEL. 25S Third St.. nr. How-
ard — New house with modern conveniences :
rooms en suite and single; rates by day 850
up; by week, $2 up: baths free to gueeta.
SUNNY furnished rooms for gentlemen; $1 50
a week and us>. 86 Stockton et.
TAYLOR. 515B — Cozy sunny room, clothe*
closet, bath, gas; >1 75. per week.
THE Pierre. 578 O'Farrell — Beautifully fur-
nished suite and single; reasonable.
TWENTY-SECOND, 3554, near Dolores— Five
rooms, bath and double parlors; rent cheap.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy. nr. Market — 400
rooms, 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
trlr lights (no gas), running water In every
; rocm; elevator, read. -room; free bus. baggage.
VAN NESS. 421 — Sunny corner: front and baok
parlorp. eleeantly furnished; free phone; sult-
able tor physician.
WOLF House, Sixth and Howard ets.— This
weil-known houre for 2 weeks has made a
10c and 15c reduction per night on all tran-
sient roomers: everything clean and neat; call.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms.
35c to $1 50 nightly. $2 to $8 week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus, baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions hae
been craned at lOCS Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, ccr. Duncan & Church sts.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
AAZrH^fEL^A^L^^B^HT^oTE^ay"^.',
JUST OPENED. Rooms modern and up to
date; light, sunny and airy: hair mattresses:
free baths; everything elegant, fresh and
clean; table unexcelled: rates very reason-
able ; must be seen to be appreciated: located
in the heart of the city — 404 Eddy st. — 104.
"Best ireals in the city."
O'FARRELL. 651-68 — Newly furn. room; run.
water, home cook., ua* piano; tel East 3017.
ELLIS 453 — Fine French table board; n'.cely
furn lah>d rooms and very reasonable.
ROOMS with excellent board; $16. $18 month.
1 Martha place, off Geary near Mason.
JOHNSTON. THE, 605 O'Farrell— Sunny aultes
and single rnw»; excellent board: references.
Old Stevenson Mansion. BC7 California 9t. ; new
carpe ts and Interior: exceptional table; mod.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A EMPORIUM Storage * Van Co.: furniture.
household gooda stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
UNION Square Transfer and Storage Co., 604
Van Ness aye. Phone East 445. Storage,
moving, packing; cut rates on freight.
CHEAPEST place in city to store furniture and
pianos: cash advanced on storage. Fidelity
Storage Co.. 10C2 Sutter; phone East 3544.
CONKLIN'S storage: furniture aud merchan-
dise: Golden Gate & Larkln; phone East 126.
PACIFIC etorage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore et.; phone Jackson 281.
PIERCE— RODOLPH— Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Fillmore: tel. West 828.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
THE WHITE CO. exhibit the finest and best
collection of sewing machines on earth at
their new retail office. 915 Market St.; prices
from *5 to $100.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-band all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market at., near Sixth.
ALL kinds Fecond-hand. $3. $5, $8: slightly
ueed. $10, $15 and $20. You know where
dolls swing in the window. 1051 Market st.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals, $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California, st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec Co.. 508 Market.
TO RENT.
TWO shops: eu! table for any kind of mechanl-
cal business. 1210 Market at. .
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that I have aold my
place of business at ICS 6th st. to A. Lafkaa.
K. KOUTCHOS.
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
< ENGRAVED wedding invitation*, visiting and
business cards, crests, etc; high-class work
at moderate rates. J. H. DUNCAN. 12«
Kearny, rooms 1-2.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Grant Snyder, 36, Salt Lake City, and Ethel
E. Rtnnie, 29, 1992 Fifteenth street.
Famuli Partanen, 26, 14 Hopeton Terrace,
and Elli Kujala, 21, 14 Hopetoiy Terrace.
Pietro Rlzzoll, 33, San Lorenzo, and Maria
Cavalli, 26, 1018 Montgomery street.
Iver Haugen, 38, 104 Eureka atreet, and
Ollsc Dahle, 26, 157 California street.
Daniel R. Arnold. 25, 1200 Treat avenue,
an<j Gertrude F. Thompson, 25, Seaman, Ohio.
Manuel J. Camara, 27, 160 Jackson street,
and Mary T. Mesqulta, 18. 65 Jackson atreet.
Tillman Nerton. 3S. 271 Thirtieth street, and
Maud Keating, 24. 3287 Mission street.
Paolino Cristlsni, 26. 234 1 Filbert street, and
Maria Dellamagglore, 24, 2544 Filbert street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, rr.arriace and death notices aent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at cither of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event ar« published once In this column
Iree of charge.
MARRIED.
ERLIN— LAMBERT— In thla city. August 16,
VMS, by the Rev. Joseph Worcester, George
Edwin Erlln anr' Esther Walton Lambert,
both of San Frt! • sco.
DIED.
Anderson. Annie M..4S Griffin. Martin, 33
Barnert. Kcschen, 73 Harden, Mra. E. C.,83
Bascom. Louia S., 2S Holleran, John J., 28
Eeebe. Mary, 40 Lcgoix, Carrie, 49
Biake, George, 36 Logan, Catherine. 16
i Brandt, J. Fred, 41 Mayerle, Frank. 30
Brown. Julia X., 45 McDermott, Annie, 64
Cabral, Anton, 48 McDermott. Nellie, 18
Carter. Charles C- 57 Rlley, Frank W.. 36
i Cohn, Sellg A.. 50 Sharpe, Helen A.'
Cole, Myrtle E.. 18 Tulte. William. S
Donovan. Jeremiah ' Williams. Susan, 49
Finucane, Mary A., 67 Woodbridge,- Mrs. L.
Frell, Minnie, 4 mos. Wulff, Hans, 63
Fuchs.' Katberine. 66
ANDERSON— In this city. August 17. 1806, An-
nie M., dearly beloved wife of Henry P. An-
derson, and loving mother of Harry, Elfrtda,
Alma, Walter and the late Andrew Ander-
son, a native ,of Denmark, aged 48 years.
(Vullejo, Cal., papera pleaae copy).
C7Friends and acquaintances are . respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
PLOTS
In Odd Fellows' and Masonic Cemeteries can be
exchanged for Plots in
MT. OLr I VET CEMETERY.
For. particulars apply at City Office
GRANT BLDa. MARKET & SEVENTH STS.
niRLINGAME REAL ESTATE.
fN a colJ. focgy day take a ride i<> Flur-
linsa-ne r.r.d note the d.fference in climate.
Viu Kill enjoy the outlr.c A feUcbttOi Pace
clcsc to the rity. Ueyosd .juestion t)i*> lots
v.«. ate <.Teri:ift lor sale directly «t the eta-
t!on are the l*-st bsntair.s :n !h«> market; b.y
lots 1 50x120 and larger, fcr 5450; tern:* $:K»
<-a*h : ¥10 n-.cnth'y. Only a few lots left at
Ihes* low prices. Office on ground.*.
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery s*..
RHAI, KSTATE TO BXCHAXGK.
IX>l*R, five, six and ten rocm houses to ex-
change for lots or land. P. C LASSS2C
* CO.. 4»JO 10th et.. Oakland. Ca!.
FOR «a:<.' cr oxchanco — 2 fine lo«s la Rlcli-
CTond. Pox G202. Call.
REAL ESTATE \V ANTED.
WANTED — Good Income property. W. J.
sIOBOAN* A CO.. Investment Ear.kcrs. 79
New MontccrreTy ft.
A LAM EDA AD VERT'S'M'TS
ALAMEDA REAL KSTATE.
$r.O CASH and $35 per month; new cottage. 5
rooms; lot :>3TIJf.; S lots. 30x155, S3CO each:
525 esuEfa an 3 $10 per month. J. H. YOUNG.
owner. I~IZ Fark st.. Ala. '
ALASIEDA ROOMS.
CENTRAL ay«., 645— Furr.inhed rooms.
BEKKELEY ADVERT'S ; NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3200 — NEW 7-room house; modern in every
way; lot 40x100; street v.-ork complete; close
to S. P. station. Key Route, and also schools;
see owner. 1911 Virginia St.. or P. O. box
123. Berkeley.
FRIITVALE ADY'T'SMNTS
FRIITVALE REAL ESTATE.
A FINE lot ef 450 young chickens, a horse,
wagon, harness. Loois; 11 houses; all wired;
incubators: brooders; house of 4 rooms; one
acrt land; rent 510; price $450. 1 auso have
n .arse list of houses and lo'.s for Bile. M.
H. KENISTON. cor. Hcskiriss and Peralta
nve.. IKracnd P. O.
COTTAGE; 0 rocm?. bath; 25-ft. barn; chick-
en yard, etc.; 50x150; 1 mile Fruitvale »ta-
ti >n. liaywards !l.i< ; this week. $1300; terms.
.SMITH. 551 gt.. S. F.
OAKLAND ADYERT r S ? M r TS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
2 PRETTY HOMES.
52250 AND 53250.
RENTS f2D AND J25.
1019 67th st.: new shingled bungalow. 5
rooms; near San Pablo aye.; $2250; for rent at
520.
678 Sycamore (25th) at., near Grove; 6
rvoms, two-siory colonial; modern; $5250; fcr
rt-r.t ct $25.
GDO. W. AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway.
$S.V*>_MANUFACTURJNG site with 2-story
. brick building: lot 75xU>0: in East Oakland:
spUnrtid location: clue* to S. P. tracks.
Western J"ac:fic line and deep water channel
of Osklar.d harbor: building co« $15,000;
rew plumbing and wiring; newly painted in-
side: f tores b^low and 15 rooms on second
floor.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT.
10j<i Brra4*ra.y a
BEST BUY IN OAKLAND.
To whom a nice ;2-room house, larg« lot '
tnd etaljle is suitable; good locality; aJI street
work complete; < lose t» main car line; easy ;
v.a:k to Sar. Francisco loeaJ; $3000 can be bor-
rowed on the property: it will be sold cheap;
make us an nTfer. but be quick.
WILLIAM M. BUTTERS,
46S Eleventh *t.. Oakland.
GOOD INVESTMENT.
SOTiOO for three 5-rt-om flats; rented for $42 50
r*r month. P. C. LASSEN & CO., 466 10th
Ft.. Oakland. CV..
fCSOo — MOPERN-bueiness property in growing
part of Oakland: one block from station;
paying 12H p^-r cent interest on investment.
Owner, 5632 Telesrraoh aye.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MGKHOW the day for bargains la furniture,
H. Echellhaas. 11th at. cor, store. Oakland.
San Francisco Advert's'ents
ROCMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN. 604 — Funny bay-wlncow corner
room and kitchen; /*a* range; Eink; phone:
{13. .
CASTRO. 42V». near Seventeenth, rear — 3 upper
unfurnished, eunny housekeeping; pleasant
rooms: large yard; $10.
FOI'RTH. — Furnished rooms for house-
ktopiniE: aleo single.
HAIGHT. 13S — Beautiful eunny alcove room,
with nice kitchen complete, furnished for
housekeeping.
LARKIN. SI7U-— Nicely furnished eunny cor-
ner room, w'.th <ta» stove; reaaonuble.
MARKET. 10S5— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
$4 week un.
MINNA. .'\u25a0" — 2 or 3 nice furnls-hed rooms for
housekeeping; ch«ap; slso unfurnished; others
MISSION. 1251 \' 3 . corner Ninth— 2 sunny front
rooms, with adjoining kitchen; coal stove,
water; $li.
OAK, 117. cr 14 -Page — Complete bskpg.; gas
range fre<?; hot bath, laundry; $1 25-$3 50 wk.
OCTAVIA. 1403, cor. Geary — Fine sunny house-
keeping roorr.u. parlor suite and others; rea*.
O'FARRELL, 776 — Large, punny unfurn. front
parlor* : reasonable; office or housekeeping.
01-AKP.ELL, J32(i — Newly fumlsh«a sunny
Tonr.tf. phone bath: hskpi?- : references.
POLK, lfl* \u25a0— Punny front room*; prcund and
tccon'l f.<->or£; no objection to children.
SEVENTH, 101— Runny bay-window housekeep-
ing rooms; gas or w<x>d: aloo connecting.
TAYLOR. 1211— Fum. housekeeping rooms; rss
rang"; fir* view: centrally located; reas.
TURK, 41 J — Kumi*hed eunny rooms; hou^t-
keejiing: gas range, bath; other rooms : $s ••>.
2oKD. 372 C. r.r. Dolores — Sur.ny bay v\-i!
rms; Tur'omplete hkpg; nice. neat, con'p ...
TWENTY-SIXTH, 33C6— Two «unry housekee^-
l£g rfK>rr:p; ue«.;y furnished; 2 sunny roome;
newly furnished.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
ESTHER. 1418 Leavenworth. near Washington '
— Open to-oay. 10 to 4:30; greatest novelty
ever got up for housekeeping; the convenience
cf 5 rooms in 2; ccc this without fall- you
cant afford to mlse it; rents $30 to $32 50-
first house of :ts kind in tnis city; call to-day.
THE Vera. Apartments, 10u7 Bush St., near
Jones; under entirely new management; new
and thoroughly renovated: 2 and 3 room
suites, furn. or unfurn. for hskpg; also beau-
tifully ;urn. cingle rms, for gents; reas.
A— ST. LAWRENCE APARTMENT — New,
modern building; furn. or unfurn. apart-
ments of 2, S, 4 rooms: private baths; from
Jl5 to ?35. Phone Main 5130. 1335 Mason st.
TO lease — Flrst-cJass apartment-house; new
112 rooms; S3 batfca; Broadway, adjoining
poetoflice. Oakland. Address A. D. WIL-
SON, 1022 Broadway, Oakland".
A— KEXILWORTH, cor. Bush, Powell; 3-room
minny eprts. ; cingle rooms; modern: reas.
A — Marbeile, 202 Grove; sunny, furn and un-
furnighed 3-room suites ; reasonable rates.
EMPP.ESS. 041 Turk, near Vaa Ness— Fur or 1
unfur. mod. apartment of 2 and 3 rooms; reaa.
EL CARMELO. 1719 Washington, nr. Van Ness
aye. — Sunny 3. 5, 6 room agu.; also single.
THE Frederick. ©01 Stanyan— l to 5 rooms,
overlooking Golden Gate Park; tel. Page CUMt.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth^t. — Rooms
25c to $1 per r.lght, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 573 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Roome 25c 10 60c. $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store: 2 en-
trances, Jl2t> Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights, running water In every room; 200
rooms; £5c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week
SS — 643 BIRCH aye.; 3 sunny rooms. Addlt
tifj. Grove st. VJ
I3Ugn. 3£g, room 4. 3rd floor— Two rooms.
EDDY. 3 — Fine furnished rooms in central lo-
cation: reascs&ble rates.
FOLSOM. 1527 — A nice, sunny, bay-window
front room; gas, bath and phone.
FOURTH, 271—100 rooms; all elzes and prices;
sew. zuodern: hot and cold «»i«'
Sunday, August 20, at 1:30 o'clock p. m.,
at the parlors of Ganter Bros., 1209 Mis-
sion street, between Eighth and. Ninth. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery. . • . .
BARNERT— In this city, August 18, 1905,
Reechen, beloved wife of Joseph Barncrt, and
beloved mother of Marks Barnert and Mrs.
Hanchen Lfpjunan, a native of Kolmar, Ger-
many, aged 73 years 8 months and 3 days.
(CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), August 20,' at 10: o'clock a." m.,
from her late residence, 1834 Sutter street,
near Web9ter. Interment New Salem Cem-
etery, by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets, at 11 o'clock a. m.
Kindly omit flowers.
BASCOM — In Tracy, Cal., August 10. 1906,
Louia S., dearly beloved husband of Mac P.
Bascom, father of Harry T. and Raymond Et
Bascom, loving son of Mrs. Frank Mun4
of Sacramento, and brother of Mrs. E. G.
Blanchard of San Francisco and lime. R«g-
nier of Algiers, Alrlca, a native of San
Jose, aged 28 yeara 11 months and 8 days.
A member of Pacific Coast Walters' Asso-
ciation. • •. •
inTEriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at A o'clock p. m., from the funeral parlors
of Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment New I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Colraa, via electric funeral car.
BEEBE — In this city, August 18, 1905, at her
residence, 3810 Washington street, Mary,
dearly beloved wife of William Beebe, loving
mother of Margaret and Evelyn Beebe and
Mrs. Charles Roberts, daughter of Henry and
Catherine Hart, and eister of Henry, George
and Helen Hart and Mrs. C. Nolan, a native
of San Francisco. Cal., aged 40 years 11
months and. 27 daya.
BLAKE— In this city, Auguet 18, 1905, George
Blake, beloved son of E. P. and Julia
Sulley, a native of New York, aged 30 years.
BRANDT— In San Andreas, Calaveras County,
Auguet 16, 1905, J. Fred, beloved brother of
John, Peter and Joe Brandt and Mrs. J.
Bastlen. a native of Germany, aged 41 yeara
6 months and 20 days.
(CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock p. in., from the new
funeral chapel of Theodor Dlerka, 432 Golden
Gate avenue, between Larkln and Polk
streets. Interment new Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery, near. Colma.
BROWN — In this city, Auguat 17. 1905, Julia
Randle Brown, beloved mother of Deslrao
Brown, and sister of Mrß. Cornelia Egbert
and F. G. Randle, a native of - Illinois, aged
45 years 7 months and 20 days. Secrotary ot
the Association of Pioneer Women of Califor-
nia.
. EjTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from the
Holy Innocents' Memorial Church. (Episcopal),
Fair Oahs street between Twenty-flfth and
Twenty-sixth. interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, via Southern Pacific Railway 11:30
a. m. train from Valencia and Twenty-flfth
streets. Remains at the runeral parlors of
Bunker & Lunt, 2C66 Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, Mission
Masonic Temple. . |
CABRAL— In this city, August 10, 1906. Anton
Cabral, beloved husband of Rosa Cabral, and
father of Manuel and William Cabral, a na-
tive of Portugal, aged 4S yeara.
CARTER— In Lorin, Cal., Auguat 17, 1905,
Charles C, beloved husband ot Katie A.
Carter, a native of Michigan, aged 67 yeara
10 months and 14 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday) afternoon, August 20.
at 2 o'clock, at his late home, 1622 Todd
street, Lorin. Interment , Mountain View
Cemetery.
COHN— In Oakland, Cal., August 18. 1905,
Sellg A, - Cohn, beloved husband of Pauline
Cohn, and father of Mrs. ; A. Jacobs and
Moees. Gus, Julius and Abe S. Cohn, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 50 years 8 months
and 26 day*.
ICTFuneral strictly private, Sunday, Au-
gust 20, at 2 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of his son. M. Cohn, 965 Cypress
street. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
COLE— In Stockton, Cat., August 16, 1906,
Myrtle E., beloved daughter of Charles M.
and the late Jennie Brignt Cole, and sister
of Mre. Fred Mosier, a native of Santa Ma-
ria, Cal., aged 18 years and 8 days. •
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday;, at 3 o'clock p. m., at the chapel
at Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
DONOVAN— At his residence, near Nlles, Ala-
meda County, Cal.. Jeremiah Donovan, be-
loved husband of Mary Donovan, and loving
father of George Donovan, a native of County
Cork. Ireland.
(OTrlends and acqualntanceo are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence, near Niles, and thence to Nlles Cath-
olic Church, where funeral services will be
held, beginning at 11 a. m. Interment St.
Joseph's Cemetery, Mission Ean Jose.
FINUCANE— In this city, August 17, 1905, at
her late residence, 2507 Mission street, Mary
Ann. beloved wife of John Finucane. and
sister of John T. and the late Michael Klnu-
can, a native of County Clare, Ireland, aged
67 years.
ffy Remains at the funeral parlors of James
McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy street. Interment
' private.
KRElL— Minnie, dearly beloved daughter of
Charles Frances and Essie Frell, and sister
of Charles Freil, aged 4 months.
FUCHS— In the City and County Hospital.
August 18, 1906, Kathertne Fuchs, a native
of Germany, aged 56 years. \
GRIFFIN— In this city, August 18. 1905, Mar-
tin Griffin, a native of Ireland, aged 33
years.
HARDEN— In Oakland, Cal.. August 18, 1905,
Mrs. Eliza Caroline Harden, mother of Frank
B. Harden, and grandmother of F. Walter
Harden, a native of Tennessee, aged S3 yeara
4 months and 27 days.
HOLLERAN— In West Oakland, Cal., August
16, 1005, John J.. beloved son of Mary Hol-
leran and "the late Martin Holleran, and
brother of Thomas and Delia Holleran, Mrs.
W. H. Hall and the late Ellen Holleran, a
native of Pittsburg, Pa., aged 28 years 8
months and 20 days.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
August 19, at 9 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of his motrter, Mrs. Mary Holleran,
1719 Atlantic street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, West Oakland, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock sharp. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery.
LBGOIX— In this city, August 17, 1906, Carrie
Legolx (nee Tienchel), beloved sister of Mra.
M. Welhe and Aug. Trenchel, a native of
Jackson. Amador County, Cal., aged 49 years
1 month and 24 days. . ' •
IC7 Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), August 20, at 1:30 p. m.. from
the Darlora of H. F. 6uhr & Co., 1187 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,'
thence to Shiels building, 32 O'Farrell street,
where services will be held under the aus-
ploes of Germanla Circle No. 35, U. A, O. D.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LOGAN— In this city, August 17. 1905, Cather-
ine, beloved daughter of Stephen and Nora
Logan, and loving sister of Mary, John.
Joseph, Thomas, Agnes, William, Anna and
the late Stephen Logan Jr., a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 16 years 1 month and 4 days. ,
£7The funeral will take place Sunday,
Auguet 20, at 9 a. m., ; from, her parents'
residence, 22 Liberty street, thence to St.
James Church for services at 9 :30 a. m. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
MAYERLE— In Oakland, Cal., August 16, 1905,
Frank, dearly beloved husband of Agnes
Mayerle, lovlnjr father of Frank Mayerle Jr.,
and brother of George \u25a0 Mayerle, j a native of
Austria, aged 30 years 7 months and 22
daya.
IDTFrlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to- attend the funeral- to-day
( Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from : the
parlors of Gantner Bros., 1209 Mission street,
between Eighth and Ninth, - thence to St.
Boniface's Church, - Golden ' Gate - avenue,
where a requiem high me.ua will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, . oommenclng at
9 o'clock. \u25a0 Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McDERMOTT— In this city, August 16, 1905,
Annie McDerraott (nee . Alexander), dearly
beloved mother ot James and Sarah Alexan-
der and Mrs. M. E. Florea and Mrs. J. Mar-
shall, a native of Ireland, aged 54 years 1
month and 4 days. . , .
(CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
August 19, at 8:30 a. m., from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2475 Mission atreet, near Twenty-first,
thence to St. Paul's Churcn, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 9 :30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . . : •
McDERMOTT— In this city. Auguat 17, 1905,
Nellie McDermott, beloved daughter of .Wil-
liam MoDerroott, and slater of Thomas J.,
Martin and John J. McDermott and Mrs.
Fred. A. Radelflnger, a native of Napa,
Cal.. aged 18 years 9 months and 11 days.
RILEY— In this city, August 18. 1905, at his
residence, * 141 Converse ; street, » Frank W.,
- beloved son of John and the late Mary Rlley,
and lov ln* brother of Philip Rlley, Mrs. P.
M. Btirk and Mrs. - E. J. Heaney, : a native
of San Francisco, Cal., aged ;r; r 36 yeare 7
months and 25 days. . ; ; . \ --'
SHARPE— In this city, August 18. 1905, at her
residence, .1212 Mission street, Helen Ade-
. laide, beloved wife ' of the - late . De William
Eharpe, and mother of , Daisy A. ; and Mary
W. Sharpe of New York and Earle A. .' Sharpe
of Denver, Colo., 'and Mrs. S. M. Cox, a na-
tive of Banxor, Maine. \u25a0 \u25a0 ' -
TUITE — In jhla city, Auguat 18, 1905, WII-
TELEPHONE MAIN 48.
N.GRAY&CO.,Inc
. FUNERAL: DUIECTORS.. ,
Cyrus S. Wright,* president; Geo.\ f H. : Clark '
vice president ; Al -P. \u25a0 Booth, treasurer; : Harold
L. Wright, secretary. • j \u25a0. ' /</ < '
'.'-; •;:\u25a0 612-614 VAN NESS AI^BNUB.
Between Golden Gate avenue and Turk street.
\u25a0" •'-\u25a0\u25a0':- SAN \u25a0 FRANCISCO.! CAL. : V; :
James McGlnnT^^^^^Henry'^anaenT^"
•- <\u25a0\u25a0;*\u25a0 JAMES McGINN A. CO.;:\ <"\u25a0?: \u25a0••-: \u25a0.••',-.
':'\u25a0'• Formtrly ,; with McGinn Bros. :
— —Funeral \u25a0 Director* and ' Embalmera.——
.214 Eddy st * Tel. ;'\u25a0 East 86. '-' *FLOUR— California . Family Extras, $4 80®
6 10, usual terms ; ; Bakers' Extras, $4 70@5;
Oregon and -.Washington, jobbing >at $4@4 50
per. bbl..: ;-,<:' ...•'.\ \u0084. -, \u25a0 ...-\u25a0 •;•\u25a0. -
FARINACEOUS GOODS— Prices in packages
are as . follows : - Graham . Flour, $3 25 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour. .$3 75; Rye -Meal, $3 50; Rice
Flour, $8; Corn Meal, $2 75; extra Cream do,
$3 75; Oat Meal, $4 25@4 50; Oat Groats, $4 SO;
Hominy. $3 75®4; Buckwheat • Flour, $4 50®
4 78- . Cracked' Wheat. $3 75;' Farina, $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, > $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls,
$6 50@7 60; In sacks, » s6@7 : Pearl . Barley, $6;
Split Peas, boxes. $5 60;; Green Peas. $5 50 per
100 lba.'M^^SffiSSsltteßS^ffll^S^^eg^!
Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
\u25a0'Chlcaiso.
CHICAGO, Aug. IS.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2500 head. • : Market strons. , Good [to prime
steers $5 50@« 10; poor to medium, $4#5 25;
stockers and fe?ders. $2 25«f4 25f cows. $2®
4 50- htifers, ?2 10@4 75; canners, $1 25®2 25:
bulls $2 2034; calves. . $3ifi«- 10; Texas ted
steers, $3 60^4 50; Western , steers, $3 sf>^
4 75." \u25a0 •".":• •'"•\u25a0\u25a0 ;'• x ' '--•' \u25a0<\u25a0'\u25a0 "\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0/ --;
- HOGS— Receipts, 14,000 head; to-morrow,
10 000. - Market s@loc higher. , Mixed /and'
butchers, $5 50@6 65: good to choice hea^^fC
<»6 30: rough- heavy, $5 65@6; light, |V95i9
6 40; bulk of sales, $5 95®6 25. . jf - :
-SHEEP — Receipts, 7WO . head. Shff-p and
lambs 10®15c higher. \u25a0 Good to choirs - weth
ers $4 90©5 50; -fair to choice mixed, $4 25®
4 95- Western \u25a0> sh?ep, $4 65@5 40; native
lambs', $5 50<gS; Western lambs, $6@7 60.
-:\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0";.\u25a0• \u25a0..'\u25a0. -' ; Omah«.* ; -. -; 7X.',"/: **i"^
OMAHA. ' Neb..' Aug. 18.— CATTLE — Re
ceipts : 5500 head. •: Market ' sc : higher. Native
steers, $3 65@6 55; cows and = heifers, $2 75@
4 25 • Westeni % steers, -$3®4 60; Texas st-eers,
$2 75@3 75: cows ; and heifers, $2®3 60; can
ners, $1 Ro@2 60;- calves, $3@o 25; bulls and
stags, $203 75. . ' \u25a0:-"\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0': *
HOGS — Receipts. 3500 I head. Market .5c
higher Heavy. $5 85@6; mixed; $5 90®5 95;
light $5 90©-6 05; pigs, $5®7. 05; : . bulk -of
sales. $5 9Offs 95.' . . '\u25a0\u25a0'-.. \u25a0<:'. ,
SHEEP— Receipts. .4000 head. Market
strong. Western yearlings, $si@S 50; wethers,"
$4 45®5 15;. ewes, $4 25<8>4 85; -lambs, . $6 50<8i
7 10 ' ;'•••"\u25a0\u25a0- Knnnum City...
: KANSAS CITY, • Mo.; Aug. \ 18.— CATTLE--.
Receipts, 2000 head. , Market / strong. - Native
steers. $4 75@5 50; native ; cows and heifers,
$1 75#5; stockers ''and feeders, ;$2 60@4 10;
bulls,- $2@/3 50; -calvesrvs2 50@5 50; 'Western
steers, $3 25@4 s<l: .Western • cows, . $1 75®3 25.
- HOGS— Receipt»\~ : 4000 » head. V Market : s®lox:
higher. •\u0084 Bulk of sales '$6 06&H 1 15 ; *£\u25a0 heavy.
$5 95iffi 05;' packers, "; $0 05@6 15;:' pigs and
light. \u25a0\u25a0 $6 05©6 20. \u25a0.'.., ; • . . .- :
. SHEEP — Receipts," 4000 ".head. V Market 5@
10c higher.'^ Lambs.;, $5 75<Jf 7 25; ; range weth
ers, $4 50(g-7 50; fed ewes, $4@4 75. '\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0;.\u25a0> .
\u0084' : Exchange nnd . Bullion. \u25a0 , \u25a0
Silver advanced %c ••• " -
' LOCAL. . V." vf
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — @4 85%
Sterling , Exchange, sight — @4 BTU
Sterling Exchange, . cables — ©4 88%
New York Exchange, sight...;. — @' c 3
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — & 05
Silver, " per ounce 61 @ . —
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 «J ,. 47%
. INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris ...'. ....... 5.16%*
N«w York on Mexico ....202
Paris' on L0nd0n. ...........'. m . . .25.17%
Berlin on London 20.46%
Wheat and, Other Grains. .
. WHEAT — Liverpool futures were higher.
Chicago was 1 Vie lower.
In this marked' the cash grain showed -no
particular change,' good average milling Wheat
being firmly held at $1 50#162%. -with not
much : offering. There waa an active business
In futures at a decline of . %c on the day.;
CASH WHEAT.'
— California" ' Club, ' '$1 45@1 65; California
White Australian, $1 55#1 65; Northern Club,
$l'4O; -Northern Bluestem, : $1 47%@1 50;
Northern Red, $1 38% per ctl: lower grades of
Wheat. * $1 30@l 35, per ctl.
.... :". \u25a0',;.' FUTURES.
, Session: 0 to 11:30 a. m.
- Open. \u25a0 • Hlgh. : " r Low. Close.
December ..'.5135- $135 $134% $135
• ; \u25a0 -- • ;•- '2 • p." •m; ' Session. ' • '\u25a0•
Open. High. Low. Close.
December \u25a0 . . .$V 35% :$1 «5% , - $1 35 . . $1 35
BARLEY-r-There ; waa . a good business in
futures at a slight decline -on , the .day. The
cash 'grain;. was vßteadjr, and unchanged.'
'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 CASEY'S ARLEY.
Feed, QZ®QS%*'for common and $l@r 05 . for
good to choicT;- new Brewing, $1 u7%<jjl 10;-
Chevalieiy»fl:2o@l 30. per. ctl.
:-'*j/^ --FUTURES. ;. - .
' Jr.. Session i 9 to \u25a0\u25a0 11 :30 a. m.
\u25a0'^r Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... . 97% - 97% 97 .• : ; 97%'
;^ ' ;. „ 2 p.' m. Session.
Open. "High. Low. Close.
December ... ; 87% . , 97% .97% 97%
.' OATS— The trade report -a quiet and well
supplied - market " at previous prices. ••
-. Red,. $1 30@l 40 for choice,- $1 22%@1 27%
for fair to good and $1 12%@1 20. for common;
Black for seed, $1 40; Grays. $1 45 per cti
asked: - ' '. \u0084. \u25a0' ' -
CORN — There 'is . nothing , new to- report,'
either In prices or general conditions. \u0084
-Western sacked, $1 40@l 42% for Yellow and
White and $1 4,0 for Mixed; California large
Yellow, »1 40&1 45; small round do, $1 xvott
1 60; .White. $1 37%@1 "42%; Egvptlan. $1 40®
1 60 for White and $1 35@1 40 for Brown.
• RYE— $l 47%@1 62% = per ctl. ,-.'•- ..,-. .'\u25a0'. \u25a0 >
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75^2 25 per cq'
CHICAGO, Aug. 18.— Ca.sh quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat,
BM9lc; No. 2 red, 80%<gSl%c; No. 2 corn,
54%«-54%c; No. 2 yellow, 55%@55%c: No. 2
oats 25% c: No. 2 white, - 27 @28c : No. 3 white,
2tJ@2.S%c; No. 2 rye, 57% c; good feeding bar
ley 38c fair, to choice malting, 38@39c; No.l
fiaxseed, ?1 06; No. 1 Northwestern, .$1 1«;
prime timothy seed, ?3 45: mess pork, per bbl,
$14 20014 25; lard; per 100 lbs. $7 72%: short
ribs sides (loose), ?8 65@S 75: short dear sides
(boxed). $8 87% ©8 95; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 28; clover, contract grade, $12 25. j
Articles. ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels I'l ...... 29,900 12.200
Wheat., bushels .175. C00 24,500
Co'-n, bushels .. '..275.000 86.100
Oats, bushels ...255.500 231,400
Rye. bushels ...:......... 5.000
Barley. • bushels . . . 18.700 5,600
i Bntter. Cheese nnd Eck».
CHICAGO, Aug. 18. — On the Produce Ex
change • to-day the butter I market was firm;
creameries, 17(g20c: dairies,' 16(gl8c; eggs, firm
at' mark, cases included, 12%@15%c; cheese,
easy, 11®11%c- . /
Cnah Grain and Provisions.
LOCAL MAKKETS.
NEW YORK, Aug. IS. — Precautionary
measures to preserve profits in the shape of
sailing to re&iize overbore the new buying de
mand to-day and gave Uie stock market a
day of reactionary tone as a whole. Some
qutsiion as to .tht possible effect of the out
ccunt uf thfc peace oonlere«c« ax Portsmouth
and tht large Inroads of the week of the cash
reserves of the banks emphasized the disposi
tion to reduce commitments. The market con
tinued to chow a firm undertone, which was
manifested by the progressive dullnetw of the
trading a* priaea declined. The seiling, in
fact, wat not "pursued aggressively and the
market had frequent p^itxis of recovery. It
liad it* .points of positive strength as well,
although these were few in number and with
out the prevailing effect that has been seen
on previous days of the week. The pushing
up of a. ' few stocks was rather obviously for
the purpose of sustaining the rest of the
market during the process of profit taking.
The perception of this fact diminished the ef
fect of the advances. St. Paul was the con
fc;>icuous instanc* of early strength and it was
made to open at a wide advance over last
r.ifht, while active selling began almost imme
diately at all other points in the list. Late in
the day an enormous accumulation of Pennsyl
vania set in and this eerved to hold the level
Of prices for a time at otfc«r points. Reading
r'.sj went to a new high level \u25a0 during the
day. This about oxhau-ited the list of strong
stocks among the active market leader*. Oth
«-rwise the pressure to sell was quite general,
but was most marked in the latest speculative
favorites. The Pacifies were especially affect
ed, so much so as to give rise to a rumor of
sn intention to issue additional Southern Pa
fpifle bondf to account for the weakness. This
\u25a0«tW.:nor was without official sanction. The re
f^'w-al of the dispute over freight rates between
the coast and g-y^f llr.es was a disturbing fac
tor upon sentiment, and the outbreak of yellow
ff-ver at new points in the South also was
diflikM. The FUFtalning firmness of Japanese
anfl Russian Government securities kept up
th<» belief In financial circles In an ultimate
p er^oment on a peace treaty at Portsmouth.
But the almost hopeleFS tone of much of the
r.f-ws reports and of the diplomatic utterances
from that point were not without their ln
r.uence on n«-nt!ment. The poewiblllty of the
fr.flure of the conference had its part in In
ducing profit taking sales. But the prelim
inary estimates of the currency movement for
tVi wwfc. Indicating a lr*s to th» Interior of
TTm*iYt\ng over J4.000.000. was the predomi
nant Influence on the market, especially as the
i»u*>- treasury ha* absorbed from the banks in
Rrtflltion eorae f1.f47.00n. Part of the latter
itPin in due to payment of drafts by Interior
bs.nki> on the-lr N>w York correspondents for
the payment of -internal revenue collections,
and represents lnfl!r«»ctly the RTOwin* r*TUlre-
Tner.t of the Interior for funds. With the
enormeme crop* in pro«r*ct and the irreat
business p.etlvity of the interior this require
ment rrav be * \u25a0%r- f - 1 '' «"1 to expand from this
time forward. While tbe market showed re
sistance from time to time, prices wer» tend
ing downward at the rlose, wMch was at about
th» lowrot of the day.
Bon^c w*re irregular. Total sales, par vsl
«e. f3.R50.000
T'n'ited States 3s aflvarifWl V,, the old 4s *i
and the new 4s H p»-r c<>rit on rail.
»n York ftock List.
E F Hutton & Co.. 4'JO California street,
Ean' Francisco, -members of the New York
etock Exciiange, furnish the following official
quotations of that Exchange:
Sales. i STOCKS. ;High]Low.l 3id.| Ask.
iAdam.l Express.! i 244 !250
'..Allif Chalmers ..j 16%! 16^ 10 16»i
\u25a0;..: I>> pfd ! I 50\4 59
10 SOOiAmalj? Copper .i S6HI S5 j SSV« 1 b5%
!Am Bept Sugar..) 1 23 j 25
.'..... Do pfd ISO 64
Am Can Co - ll^i 11%
! Do pfd -." ! <®Vi ?0U
7,9<X.;Am Car & Fy (sb l 35% 37^ 37% 38
6fK)' Do pfd 1102 101% 101 102
W 2uO Am Cotton Oil.. 30% 30U 29% 30%
I i Do pfd 92 98
'An Din Tel I 122 35
;Am Expreea J !222 235
'Am Or Twine Co i 4% 5*4
...Am Hide & L.-f j 714 7V,
..j Do pfd 1 1 39V4 39%
II !Anj Linked ] j « 20
.....i I>o pM ! 41 43 .
iflMtO'Am Looomotlve.! RflVil 53«4 54% 54%
21400' Do l.fd !U9%!117 11C 117.
.'iAm Jialt t 4% 4%
""\u25a0^i 1 Zk> pfd I 23^1 22% 22%! 2ZU
12 BOOlAia .Pm & Rf O»VV9%\iS^U3i%ll3B>A
Sl'itOO 1 : I>o pfd 1122 |121'/,;i22 i 122%
3 iOO'Am > ?u*ar 'U4V, I M4 144 '144%
j Da prd : i !l."8% l«0%
'.'.'... .\Am Steel JVrles! I ! 9 1«
1 do pfd I I I n9 1 4^
" Axn Tf-I £ T Co.! 1. ....1142 !14r.%
\u25ba'irifiAni Tob vi ;:03s<,!l«Z%]Kf2 ; )i!in2%
fe'snt.'Am- Woolen 1 W»%l ~7%' 3S^i SB%
*»00: Do pM '105 1105 iJO4 • 10S
' «>'>\riafcn4a 11)7^)116^ 1115 ill({%
TArn Arbor | ! S3 140
! Do pM 1 1.....! 78 I 85" :
' Cr-aFt Llne!in7" J iir»->i^.!l«6 |16f1%
10!o00U T & S F ' •»%< *»%1 «% o'> |
300' Dopfil !if»4U!lo.-:%:i03%!103^
7 3AO'B«lt & Ohio <113%!113 1113 ill3'i !
. ! i>o pr.i i ....:! 95 los {
!Rav State Gas... ! !n-ld %i
V«,200IB n T.. I TO 1 Cf>%! 69%t l»% i
•Brook TTn G**...l i iISS JIJK)
"jraOOlPniM D & T....1 14%! 14%; J4%| 18
inuttrrlck Co".. .1 ! I US'. ! r>J>
irtarado Southern' i I 71*4 : 72
* ' VrV*> 1 -<~'ar;a<«an Paclfic!ir.a^lir,9i<!isn • \lfiUV,
. 4100 c *.0.... ! r»%\ WKj .™%| nn%
H jnft'C *A. .........! 4A 40 ISO !40
" 2001 Do rfA ! SIM 61»4j 7S I Sl%
IC & E I PM....1 1 1130 1140
ir 1 x- L pfd...- i t.....| 70 j »o
'i4«vY>rr &- rs w f ..: 22%! 22 122 ! 22%
aool'Do'Dfd A....:l 71U! 71 I 71Vil 71*5
\fw York Stock Market.
I Bank Clearing-*.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
August 17. with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond- ,
ing week last year; -
Per Ct.Per Ct.
Inc. Dec.
•New York $1,620,853,977 30.2
•Chicago 180,391,691 7.3 .;..
•Boston 135,9ti8,454 28.5 ....
•Philadelphia...; 128,523,832 37.4 .
•St. Louis ....... - 47,597,931 10.1
Pittsburg 46,596,863 23.8 ....
•San Francisco .. 40,149,Ut>3 30.2 ....
Cincinnati 19,915,450 2C.1
, 'Baltimore ", . 22.902.854 16.8
•Kansas. City 23,382,295 B. a
•New Orleans .V. ' 13,600, 5y 5 23.0 ....
•MinneApolls 13.284,047 13.2 • .;'..
•Cleveland 14,901,414 20.3 .....
•Louisville ....'.. 11,019,76- 12.6 ....
Detroit 13.604,423 31.7 ....
•Milwaukee .. . 8,262,859 • 5.7 ....
Omaha 8,201,515. 22.4 .....
•Providence . 7.0W.100 27.8
•Los Angeles .... 9,527,410
\u2666Buffalo , 7,097.794 20.2 :': ' .....
Indianapolis 8,745.539 6.3 . ,
•St. Paul 5,582,745 .4
Memphis 3,594,070 15.1
•St..Jcseph 4,100,413 .... 7.4
Richmond 4,795,594 18.6 ....
Denver 5,894;574 46.9 ....
Columbus 4,236.100 1.2
Seattle -5,791,342 30.8 ..."
Washington '4,302,724
•Savannah ...... 2.775.568 .... .«
Albany 3,945,253 \....
•Portland, Or. ... \u25a0 4,021,701 - 7.0
Fort Worth 4,586,468 60. S . .'
•Toledo, Ohio .... 4,181,860 31.1 ....
Atlanta 2,541,450 17.9
Salt Lake City .. 5,006,809 84.3"
Rochester 2,896,594 30.3 . .
Peoria . 2,171,411 20.1
Hartford 4,4459,860 20.6
Nashville 2.749.309 17.4
•Spokane, Wash.. 2,841,632 7.9
Dcs Molnes 2,182,056 4.9
Tacoma 1 2.460.104 66.2 ...'.
New Haven ..... 2,161,710 56.8
Grand Rapids .. 2.119,069 .... 6 2
Norfolk 1.086,363 1.0
Dayton 1,491,972 . '
Portland, Me. ... 1,868,460 7.3
Springfield. Masstr 1,605,943 4.6
Augusta, Ga. ... \u25a0 1,204,505 12.1 ....
Evansvllle ...... 1,784,597 19.6 ...
Bloux City 1,480,688 41.2 .
•Birmingham .... 1,216,875 12.9
Syracuse ; 1,206.485 '72.2 , .. '.
Worcester 1.4(52,040 25.6
Knoxville 1,090,711 12.1 .. "
Charleston, S. C. 915,968 26 3
Wilmington, Del.. 1,068.6(26 'ii
w «chua 1,013,914 ;;:: 2:6!
Wllkesbarre 923,811 6 3
Davenport 834,540 'e'a '
Little R0ck..../.. 2»l,098 28.6
Topeka 440,616 .... 45*.9
Chattanooga 944,371 '30.3
Jacksonville, Fla. . 1,397,424 61 8 '.'."
Kalamazoo, Mich. 964,472 153 *"*"
Springfield. HI 757,412 15.3 '.'"
Fall River........ 673,070 15.7 "
Wheeling, W. Va. 703,347 16.9 ' ""*
Macon 346,725 9.5 "*!
Helena 717,877 21.7
Lexington - 482,280 .... 'e'i
Akron ,\ 534.600 4.5
Canton, Ohio 411,000 .... 143
Fargo, N. D \ 609,328 26.8
Youngstown ..... " 633,?500 12 2
New Bedford..... 615,920 42 6 '.'.'.'
Rockford, IU 602,370 20 1 *""*
Lowell 425,354 10.8 *""*
Chester. Pa 890,080 27 \
Blnghamtoa 433,200 ' 6.6 .'.'.'.
Bloomington, 111.. " .429,223 4 8
Springfield, Ohio.. "868,283 12.1 '.'.".'.".
Greensburg, Pa... 455,251 49.6
Qulncy, 111 302.917 .... is'o
Decatur, 111 ,345,209 ....
Sioux Fall*, S.D. 200,035 15.9 '
Jacksonville, 111.. 253,712 10 2
Mansfield, 0hi0... 279,367 42 3 **\u25a0*•"
Fremont, Neb .' 232,477 22.1 "**
Cedar Rapids '. .... > - 449,377 420
IHouston li; 800,850 18. 7 \u25a0'""\u25a0[
tGalveeton '9,875,000 34.5 ..'.'.
Total. U. S.^. .$2,408,571,004 28.2" ~~
• Ou"tslde N. York 882,717,627 16:3 ..'..
..'-:\u25a0 • CANADA.
Montreal .........-..523,167,961 - 16.5 '-.^ -
Toronto 17,882,542 17.8 .
Winnipeg 6,518,ns 26.0
Ottawa .....2,424,082 6.6
Halifax ............ 1,535,«52 s*o
Vancouver, B. C... 1,747,161 25.4 V '
Quebec ...:' 1.5D1.833 2.7
Hamilton 1,461,868-38.0
St. John, N. B 1.13H.5J.M) 6.9 ..."
London. Ont 1,050,221 17.0'
Victoria. B. C..:... 653,186 * 4)3
Total, Canada. ....557.172, 078 16.5
-" 'Balances paid In cash. , :' ' ' , '.
tNot Included In totals because containing
other items than clearings. -
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Aug.: 18.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury.-, balances . shows :
Available cash balance,. $127,850,326; gold
coin and bullion, ,$54,826,964; gold certificates '
$22,348,000. , : ;J. : • \u0084 . '
Sliver In New York. \ j, .;
NEW YORK, , Aug. 18.— The . sharp advance
In silver . to-day ; In the New. York market of
%c, < from 60% c - to ' 61c, -.:; Is ; attributed to the
heavy buying by. both Russia and China.
-• . . Foreign Futures.
"'\u25a0''.. 4 .LIVERPOOL.. s
Wheat — : Se^t. -. Dec. March.
Opening 6 8 6 7% Nominal
Closing -6 8%- 6 7% Nominal
' ! PARIS. ' •
; . Wheat — '..;. •\u25a0. . Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening ...".... 22 90 , 23 25 J
Closing 22 85 . .23 15 .
Flour — ' ,- \u25a0 . . ' .-\u25a0
Opening ................... 29 80 30 45
Closing 29 65. ' 80 35
\u25a0 Foreign 3larkets. "•. ' . i
PARIS, 'Aug. 18.-^— The Bourse to-day was"
inactive and unsteady on the receipt of" con
tradictory advices regarding , the peace confer
ence at Portsmouth. - . :. -\u25a0-'*-.
ST7 PETERSBURG, Aug. .18.— Russian
values stiffened on the Bourse to-day. FOurs,
which 'advanced %c ; yesterday," showed a'simi
lar increase to-day, and closed .firm at 8514 c. -
St. Louis AVool Market. V..
ST. LOUIS.' Aug. 18.'—WOOL-^Steady..'.in*dl
um grades combing 'and clothlng,*2&33lc;. light
fine, 21@27c; hea^ fine, 18©22 c; tub- washed,'
32g42q. • ______
. Northern Wheat Market . ; j
- OREGON. • . . ...
PORTLAND. Or.; Aug. 18.— WHEAT— Club.
70@71c; bluestem, 74@75c; valley, 74c. .
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 18.— WHEAT—
Steady, unchanged.. Blustem, 74c; club, 71c;
red,' tiSc. • - - \u25a0 '.•. • ' *
Northern Business.
PORTLAND. .Aug. 18.— Clearings, .' $645,752;
balances,' $77,554. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•- , • . . \u25a0 > •
SPOKANE, Aug. 18.— Clearings. $359,644;
balances, $40,371. - I
TACOMA, Aug. 18. — Clearings, $304,065; bal
ances. $23,666. . . . .
SEATTLE, Aug. 18.— Clearings, $1,069,219;
balances. $254,7 51. . \u25a0
CHICAGO Aug. 18. — An early Indication
of weakness in Northwestern markets was re
flected here by an initial decline In September
wheat of %@%c to %@-%c at 82% c to 82i4c.
A period of selling at the outset forced the
near option still further down the scale. Rains
in the spring wheat districts having seeming
ly been responsible for the recent advance, iv
cessation ' was the signal for return of bear
ish sentiment. Traders who had been led into
buying by "former conditions proceeded to li
quidate their holdings. Prospect of heavier re
ceipts in the Southwest likewise exerted an in
fluence - '.toward lower prices. September de
clind to 81 Vie and. although some short lines
were covered at that figure, the market ac
quired no buoyancy. The close was with
September a shade above the low point at 81%
@«l%c. a loss of 1%0.-*-- -i..- -.--•*-.-
In - corn initial prices were easier. The
taidng on of aMarge-line of old crop Septem
ber delivery brought about a mild reversal of
sentiment and advanced all deliveries. Sep
tember, now, which was down %c to %c at the
opening, at f.2 % @ 52 %c, gained an even cent
over ths opening, but reacted . and . closed
steady. %c hlfcher at 63% c. -
Scattered selling by . commission houses
caused a shade of a loss in oats. , - September
closed steady, unchanged at 2«c. .
Provisions were steady, although prices suf
fered to some extent from realizing, sales by
local holders. September pork closed down
17y.c, lard is * down 5c and ribs made a net
loss" of 2%c / ' ' '. „
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—2 — • •
September 82V4 \u25a0 8214 BU4 81%
December 83% 83% 82% 82%
May *0% 86% 86% 85%
September?' old. 53% 54% 52% 53%
September, new 52% 53% 62% 53%
December, old.. 46%; 46% 46% 46%
December, new. 44% 44% .44% 44%
May 44% 44% 44% 44%
Oats No." 2—2 — ._.......
September 26 '. 26% 25% 20
December ..... V ' 27% . 26% 28%
May 25% 29% 25% . 28%
Mess Pork. per. bbl — . " ' ...„-..-
September ......14 32% 14 35 14 15 ,14 15
OctobTr .... ...14 45 14 15 14 25 14 25 ,
Lard, per ICO lbs— „_; _ .„,.
September ..... 7 80 \u0084 7 80 . 7 72%. 7 72%
October ........ 700 -7 90. 7SO 780
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— \u25a0 n
September 8 77% 880 8 72% 8 72%
October ....... 8 85 8 87%= 880 8 80
Future Grain and Provision*.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Prime mercantile paper — *54% per cent.
Stirling exchange — Steacy. witL actual buei
iwss in bankers' biHs at $4.8565(34.8670 for de
mand a-r.rt ct $4.54ef.?r4.5470 for sixty day bill*.
PoEtcd rates— *4 55% and $4 87%.
Commercial biiis — $4 84%.
Bar frilver — <jlc.
Mexican dollare — iC'-jc.
Government bonds, strong; railroad bonds, ir
regular.
i NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— Mon*y on call—
1\62% per cent; closing bid, 1% per
cent; offered, 2 per cent.
Time loans — Steady. Sixty day 6, S per cent;
ninety days, 3^4@^% per cent; six months, 4
per cent.
Xeir York: Money Market.
generally quiet, but some deliveries report a
fair .balances In a smaller way. The trade's
principal activity is the receiving and dis
tributing of the new wools. , Australian and
South American wools have not Htd an active
call,, while, fine- pulled -.wools have sold wher
ever shown. AH' the 190ti. contract In Idaho.
Wyoming and Nevada was" offered, but the
attitude of - growers does not at the present
promise any general- contracting. The for
eign markets are extremely strung and stocks
are ltsht. . .-.-\u25a0-- .:
EASTERN MARKETS.
Butter. Cheese and Ecrs.
Conditions remain about as before all along
the line. Butter and Cheese are steady and
dealers are generally satisfied with the present
status of the market. There Is some diversity
of opinion regarding Eggs, some dealers quot
ing a weak and dull and others a steady mar
ket. Those who are overstocked are. le.tlng
their best ranch go at 29@30c. Receipts, how
ever, are decreasing and sttocks on the floors
seem to be growing smaller. : '
Receipts were 79.500 lbs Butter, 795 cases
Eggs and 16C0 lbs Cheese. . .
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 24@25c
for extras, and 22@23c for lower and medium
grades; dairy. 21023 c; cold storage. 22®23c;
store Butter, 17@18c.
CHEESE — Good to choice mild new, ll®12c:
common, 8%@10%c; Young Americas. 11%@
12% c; Eaetern. 14ITl.Dc per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 30@31c for large white se
lected and 2U@29c for fair to' good; cold stor
age, 251526 c: store Eggs, 20@22%c; Eastern
firsts, 20<g24c; seconds, 16©18 c per dozen.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. AUGUST IS.
Flour, qr sks... 4.92BiHay. tons 1.C03
Wheat, ctls .... 2.1521 Straw, tons 30
Barley, ctls 8. 228 \ Hops, bales 37
Oats, ctls 4,499: Wool, bales 2u2
Rye. ctls 1,473 Leather, rolls . . . 3C7
Tallow, ctls 458 Hides, No 865
Beans, sks 1,430 Pelts, bdls 221
Potatoes, sks ... 4.334) Calfskins, bdls.. 18
Onions, sks 7SO, Raisins bxa .... 730
Bran, sks 270 1 Wine, gals 34,920
Middlings, sks .. 200|
STOCK MARKET.
Gas and Salmon ...clw Still Attract
the Traders. ,'
The gas and salmon stocks continued 1 to
monopolize business on the Stock and Bond
Exchange, both being very active and un
settled. Alaska Packers opened at $.<*O 25, de
clined to $78 50, recovered to $79 75 and
closed at $79 25 bid. Gas and Electric opened
at $75 87%, declined to $75 50 and closed at
$76. Mutual Electric was 50c off at $13 50.
There were sales of California Gas and Elec
tris 5 per cent bonds at at $'JO. $4d.ucO chang
ing hands. Spring Valley Water advanced
from $37 €2% to $3S 37%, and Giant Powder
rosa to $72 50. The other stocks were quiet
an* featureless.
The mining stocks, both Tonopahs and Corn
stocks, were steady and firm, with higher quo
tations for Midway and Jim Butler in th«
former . district. Silver Hill waa ex-dlvldend
of sc. • \u25a0 -
Th« Ocean Shore Railway Company Is to
have larger issues of stock and bonds than at
, first proposed. The capital stock is to Ue In
creased from $3,000,000 to $5,000,000. and then*
will be a $5,000,000 bond Issue. Th« stock
holders will vote upon the new proposition Oc
tober 19. _ _
The Karma Mining Company of Kern Coun
ty has levied an asse?: ment of 8. cents per
share, delinquent SeDtember g.
The La Palma. Mining Company of Duxan
go Mexico, has levied an assessment of 4
cents per share, delinquent September 8.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The fruit market was In fair shape, local
trade being unusually active for Friday, and
there was a brisk demand for fancy fruit for
export to Puget Sound ports. \u25a0 Steady prices
ruled -for choice offerings of all descriptions,
while low-grade fruit, such as cull Pta.hea
and Pears, trashy Apples and ' poorly paekid
Plums, was weak at Irregular prices. The
canners were still. In the market for Pears
and Peaches-, but they had no fixed prices,
and in some instances were able to obtain sup
plies for less than the inside quotations. Moun
tain Peaches were \u25a0 offering in small quantities
and sold at 75c per box for Crawfords. 50@e5c
for Clingstones «nd up to 90c for Strawberry
Freestones. . Grapes were abundant, a to:al
of 1980 packages being received on the early
express alone. . Prices were weaker, v desplte
a good shipping demand. Melons remain. d
firm undeT, continued light arrivals. There was
very little change In prices of other fruits. . .
STRAWBERRIES — Per chest. Longworth#,
$s<£S; large varieties'.: $3f^ Santa Clara Ber
ries. $6©B. / : - - :
RASPBERRIES— Per chest. $6(gB.
BLACKBERRIES— SI 50@3 per cheat. '
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@7c per lb.
APPLES — 9Ocosl 13 per box' for_fancy and
"40<g75c for common to choice; Crab Apples,
50i?iC0o for small and $1-75 for large boxes,
\u25a0 PEACHES — Small boxes. 35®«0c; carrier.
40@75c; open boxes. 50c@$l: in bulk. $25(830
per 'ton for Freestones and $50 for Clingstones.
PEARS — Bartlett." 75c@$l 50 per box; in
bulk. $25@37 50.
PLUMS AND PRUNES — Packed. 50c©$l per
box or crate; open boxes, 25@40e for small and
eOc©sl'for large.'
FlGS— Black, 40@S5c per box; White. 50®
75c per box. ...
QUINCES — 60©75e ' per box.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $I®2 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 75c<@$l per box; Watermelons,
$I@2 50 per dozen.
GRAPES— Per box or crate. Seedless. 50®
75c: Muscat. Ssc§sl: Black, 75@00c. • ,
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges, Valencia*. $234
per box: Lemons. $2@4 60: Grape Fruit, $2®.
2 75; Mexican Limes, nominal; Bananas. Ha
waiian, $I©l 75 per bunch: Central American,
nominal; Pineapples, $1 50@2 50 p«r dozen.
Dried Fruit, -Jintm. Raisins and Honey.
The feeling In all Fruits continues very
bullish, with : the demand good and the ten
dency in prices still upward. Honey continues
to drag.'- — • .... — . . . . . . .
FRUlTS— Apricots, 6%©S%c for new crop
Royals and S®l2c for Moorparks: Peachei,
7%@7%e for standards. B@B\ic for choice. 8%
@9c for extra choice and 9%@10c for fancy;
Pears.- new. 7011 c; Nectarines. 6@7c; Plums,
nominal; new Evaporated Apples, 73$V4c: sun
dried, per.lb; new Figs, boxes, 50c for
choice, 55c for extra choice and* 60c for fancy:
bulk white, 2%@4c per lb.
PRUNES — Old crop. 2*'.«3c per lb for the
four sizes and 3@3Vic basis for the large slzts.
New. crop Prunes. 3%®3%c. four size basis,
with many sellers now holding for 4c.
RAISINS — 1904 crop t. o^b. Fresno— Dehesa
clusters. $1 35<01 40; London Layers. 85&95 c;
Loose Muscatels, 4-crown, 5%c; 3-crown. 4%e;
2-crown.' 3%c; Thompson's : Seedless. 4%c;
Seeded, 4V166%c per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12gi3c;
No. 2. 10©llc; No. 1 hardshell. 12c: No. 2.
10c: Almonds. 16@17c for Nonpareils'. 15®16c
for I X L and Ne Plus Ultra and 11012 c (or
Languedoc; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern; Pe
cans, I IH 13c: Cocoanuts. $4 5055.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for white and 7®9c
for amber: water .. white extracted. stfis%tf;
light . amber extracted, 4@3c: dark. 3@3%c;
Hawaiian. 2@2Vic for extracted.
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
4 Provisions.
FRIDAY, August 13—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
4s qr c0up.. 104 104%'4s qr cp new.l 32 132%
4s qr reg...104 104%13s qr c0up...1C3%1C3»i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW 3s — — OkT Con ss. 109 —
\sso Oil 53! 03% 95 O W gtd sa. — 90
D«y CPf 53.107^108 Oceanic S ss. 65 t»
Cp* C G 35.105% — Om Cable 65.121 121H
Ca G & E g Pac G Im. 4s. 94% OTVj
m&ct 5s 99 99t4 PE Ry 5J..112* —
Cal-st C Ss-lllUllS'-ilPac L&P 6s. 101 —
C C Wat ss. — 102%' P &C H «5.102% — .
EdL &P. 68.124% — P& O R Cs.llo —
F& C H es.llft — Powell-«t 6s. — —
Geary-st 55.. 50 60 Sac EG&RS3.IOBV; — ,
H C&S 5%5.107% — SF & SJV3S.I2I — \
Db 5s .... - - SF.Ok 4SJBs.HI IUH
Hon R T 68.109 — (Sierra R 65.112%1M
L A Elec ss. — — SPof A 6s
L*L gtd 55.103 1 — S Pof C 6s
LAP lem 55.112% - <»^=> Sr B - ~ ~"
LAP C 55..1C9% — (190«) .....104 —
Mkt-st C «5.U3%« S .U3% - (1912> ..... - -
Do lem 55.11« — SPC leg Pa.117 —
MV& MtTss.lOs — SP B R 65.136 — .
VR of ' C 65.103 104 S V Wat e5.104% — -
'Do 5s ....120% — Do 4s 2dm. 1W —
VP C R ss. — — Do 4a 3dm.loC3ilot
NC Ry 55.. — 111% Do * mt ' ia J&* ~
NC P C ss. 9«% -* IStkn G&E6s. 98 —
O GL&H 5s.HO — }V G A E Ss.ltoU —
Oak TCo 6».119% — UR of SF 4s. — —
Do 5s .... — H2%!Val Co P 5«.104 —
WATER STOCKS. !
ssssr szr. %* - is°v Sri'
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P. '4M, 4% Pa* L C 0.... 68 —
Martel Powr 1% 1% S F G & E. 79 XI
Mutual EL. 13% — Stkn G& E. 5• —
. INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fnd.325 ' — !
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 130 LP&A....— 180-
Anglo-Cal .. 92 95 Mer Trust 210 240
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ex 55 —
Cal Safe Dp-157 160 . S F National — 160
Frst Natlonl.3lo 320 .;.',;
' SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S &\u25a0 L. — — Say & L So. . — 100
Hum Say Bk — — Sec Sar 8k..395 —
Mutual Sav.lo2%loU Union T C 0.2700. 2700 3300
S F Say U. 630 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California -.210 — {Presidio — 41
Geary — 40 |
POWDER. •
Giant Con .. 72% 72%|
- SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 86% — Makawell C. 36% 37
Honokaa S C 18% — Onomea 8 C. 30% 37
Hutch SPC 15V» — Paauhau 3 C 23%. 24
Kilauea S C. 4 3%,
MISCELLANEOUS
.AIaska P A..79V4 80 [Oceanic S Co. 5 «
Cal F C A. — 100 Pac Aux FA. 4 3
Cal Wine A. 83% 84,1 Pac C Borx. — —
MVA MtTm. — — S Tel Ox — 101%
. ," SALES.
Morning Session.
. > \u25a0 Board — : >
120 Alaska Packers' Association... 80 23
23 Alaska Packers* Association... 80 CO
-.. 25 Alaska Packers' Association... 79 73
5 Alaska Packers' Association. . . TO oi>
' ' 173 Alaska ' Packers' Asaoclatioa... 7S SO
10 Giant Powder Con. 72 CO
10 Giant Powder Con 72 12%.
5 Mutual Electric Light 13 50
25 Onomea Sugar Co 38 87%
10 S F Gas A Electric 73 3rv»
70 S F- Gas A Electric 78 CO
ICO S F Ga« & Electric 75 75
230 S F Gas A Electric .73 50
20 Spring Valley Water Co 37.75
90 Spring Valley Water C 0...... as OO
20 Spring Valley Water Co 3S 25
$1,000 N P C R R 5s .105 CO
Street—
SI.CCO Hawaiian Coml 4 Sugar sa-UC7 50
$4,000 S F J- S J V 6«. .....121 OO
$4,000 United R R of S F 43.. 91 75
$20,000 Oakland Gas 5s 110 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Association. . . 19 00
The market continues quiet, .with no further
change in prices. : '-'
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12% c per lb for
heavy, 12% c for light medium, 13%@14c
for light; 14@14%c for extra light and I«%@
18c for BUgar-cured;idry Salt Sides. 10%®ll%c;
Bellies, 12c: Eastern sugar-cured Hams,
14@U%c- California Hams, 13c: Mess Beef.
$9 60 per bbl; extra Mess. $10; Family, .$11;
prime Mess Pork, • |14; extra clear, $19 30;
Mess. $17 50; L Pig Pork. $22; Pigs' Feet. $3;
Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6c per .lb for
California \u25a0 compound. 7VJc fcr Eastern com
pound and 10c for pure; half barrels, pure.
10% c; 10-lb tins. 10% c; 5-lb tins. 10% c; 3-lb
tins, lie - • -
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, B%c; thre«
half barrels. 8«c; one tierce. 8c; two tierces.
7%e: five tierces. 7 %c per lb. .
Hides, Tallow, ' Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %©lc under^/ quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 12c:' medium. ll%c: light, lie: "Cow
Hides, lie for heavy and *llc for light:
Stags. B%c: Salted Kip. lie: Salted Veal. 12c;
Salted Calf. 13c: dry Hides, 19% c; .dry
Kip, 17c; dry Calf. 22c: Sheepskins, shearlings.
256 50 c each; short Wool, 50®90c each; medium
: 90c<J»*l 25; long Wool. $1 23<8>2; Horse Hldts,
salt :$3 25 for large and '$2 75 for medium.'
$2 25 for email and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1* 75©2 for large and $1 50 for
medium. $1 for small and 60c for Colts. . Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted Mexican,
25c- dry Central American, 30c. Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras. 75c; .extra large do. $1 25;
large. 50c: medium,. SOc: small. "ssc.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 3%&4 c per lb;
No. 2. 3@3%c: Grease.' 2@2%c.
WOOL — Spring clip— Humboldt and M«ndo
clno 2S©3oc." > Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs.'
free 17«?19c; do, defective. 15®18c per lb.
I * HOPS— I9O4 crop." 18®20c per lb; 1903 crop.
1 14®16c. ." .. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-<- -
Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to de&lers
are as follows:" * \u25a0 ' . "
BEEF— 4%®5%c for Steers and 3%©4% c pet
lb for Cows. . . , .
yßAL— Large. 6©7 c: small, B©9%e per lb U
MUTTON^Wethers. 6%@7%c: Ewes. . 3©6%0
per. lb. ' \u25a0 ' • •.* ..-\u25a0'-. •\u25a0 .. . vi
LAMB — B®B%c per lb. .
PORK— Dressed Hogs. \u25a0 6%@9c ,per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 400
45- per cent shrinkage for Cattle:...- "
CATTLE— Steers. 5%®6c; Cows and Hell
ers. liTl "1 'Hi " "111 II 1 isj iim'uTib BHlitlWi"iFlii|.
CALVES-r-3%C4c per lb (grou wetrhO.
Trade In Poultry was moderately active, but
supplies -were more than sufficient and the
market remained weak, small young chickens,
such as Broilers and Fryers, being particularly
weak. Receipts of other kinds of Poultry were
light but there was no scarcity in anything.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, l»@22e per lb for
old and 25@27c for- young: Geese, per -pair.
$1 75@2; Goslings, '$2; Ducks. $4@4 50 per
dozen for old and $4 50® 5 for young; Hens.
$4@5 for small and $5 SCC6 50 for lanre;
young Roosters. $5®7; old Roosters. $4 50(35;
Fryers, $3 50@4; Broilers. 25<g3; , Pigeons.
$1 60; Squabs, $1 50@l 75.
GAME — Hare $1 50@l 75 per dozen; Cot
tontall Rabbits.' $1 50@2 per dosen.
Poultry and Game.
Orruon Crop Bulletin.
The report of Edward A. li.als. section di
rector of the United Btatea Weather Bureau,
lor Uie Oregon Crop Bulletin, week ended
August 15, is as follows:
Dry weather continues and the need of rain
is becoming more urgent. Streams are getting
lew and pasturage is becoming very short, ex
cfpt on tide lands and on the mountain ranges.
Ftock up to within a few days ago kept in
good condition, but now cattle ar« losing fte&h
«xc*pt wh«re they are helped by an extra
leed *»f hay. The harvesting and the thresh
ing of grain axe being rapidly pushed and fom«
farmers are through with this work. FaJl
•wheat and barley yields continue good. Tne
«tr&w of spring wheat was heavy and the
htads were "large, but the berry shriveled dur
ing the recent hot weather, with the result that
the yields in nearly every section of the- State
are ',e*p than expected. Oats suffered sim
ilarly and, while the damage was possibly not
*o great as In the case of spring wheat, oat
yields are also disappointing.
Corn and late potatoes need rain; th« hct
days curl the corn leaves, but they freshen up
again during the coolness of the nights. Heps
tr» unt-ven and reports regarding the condi
tion of the crop are conflicting. Sugar beets
in the Grand Rondt Valley are promising, but
the crop is not so good as it was last year
at this time. Peaches are plentiful In the mar
kets. Apples are smaller in size than ueual,
bat otherwiee the yield in the well kept
orchard!- promises to be nearly an average
one. Prunes have dropped more than usual
i : this season of the year.
The New York Cotton Exchange and N<w
Yorfc CofTed Exchange wlil both be closed on
featurday. September 2. preceding l^abor day.
\u25a0which rails on Monday. September 4.
I.nbtir-liaj- Cloving:.
3.800J XH> pfd B I 35% 34%| 3i%\ 85J4
Do debs I 86%! S?%
3,o<jo;C & N W |224 220%|22t) (2£0%( 2£0%
22.5tiu;C M &St P...J.157 184V5:164%'154»8
i Do pfd I I 91 I 93
. 15,000, C R l&P(new)| 34% 33% 33% 34
2.4001 Do pfd SOVi 79 79 79U
C R I & P 4s 83% S4V4
[Chicago Ter 17% 18
400' Do pfd 40^4 40 39 40
600,'Chieago Un Trac 9Vi 9% S% 9U
Do pfd 34 87
900 C C C &St L.. 105% 102 101 102
! Do pfd 118 120
Cleve Lor & W 75 S2
Do pfd 106 112%
4,400 Colo Fuel & Iron 47% 40% 4X3% 46*8
IOOi Do pfd 85 85 &4 u<>
1.100 Colum H C& I .. 15% 15 14% l^Vi
300,Co!orado So 28% 2SH 28 28%
10(> Do Ist pfd ... 62^| 02% 62 ti2%
CUO Do 2d pfd 40% I 40% 40% 11
18,000 Consol Gas 18S% 187 18S 188%
300 Corn Producta .. 11 Vi 11 10% U!i
100 Do pfd ..*.... BO 50 48 . 50
1,700 Del & Hudson .214% 210 211% 212
I D L & W 213% ( 214%
300 D & R G 35% 35% 34 35
200 Do pfd 59% 89% B9U DO
!Des M&Ft D 21 22
1,900 Detroit Un Ry .. 95 94% 94% 94%
Detroit So 9 12
|Dlamond Match 142 143%
IDlstil S«cur 43% 43% 42% 43%
I Do bonds SI Sl%
100'Duluth S S& A. 16 16 • 16 16%
8001 Do pfd 35% 34% 34% :U%
15,r.00'Erl« 49 48Vi 48% 4SS6
11,600 Do Ist pfd ... 54% 83% 84 V» W^s
3,300 Do 2d pfd 75% 73% 75% 7.'. Vi
E & T H 72 75
Do pfd 99 H>o
Ft W & D C 71>4 73
Gen Chemical » 07 1 60
Do pfd 104 107
900 Gen Electric .... IS4 IS3 184 (154%
I.2oo|Great No pfd .... 325 320 321 ,322
1,200 Greene Cons Cop 24% 24% 24%, 24%
Havana Tob Co 20 2»
Do pfd 71 75
Hocking Valley , 91 93
200 i Do pfd 93% 93 92% 93%
700illlinois Central.. 177% 177 1176% 177%
jlnterboro 214% 216%
Inter Marine 13\i 13?!
... Do pfd 30 31
1,100 Inter Paper 22% 21% 21% 22
100 Do pfd 80% SO% 80% 60%
Inter Power 7j 73
llnter Pump pfd &> SO
200; Iowa Central ... 28% 28% 2*% 29
600 Do pfd 66% 56 • s<i% 57
Japo Ist Bonds 100% 101
] Do 2d Bonds 99% 99%
(Japs 4% Bonds 90% 90%
Kanawha & Mch 33 36
XC FtS & M pfd 83 84
200 Kans City So .. 27% 27% 27% 2S
800 Do pfd 69% 59% 69 59%
Keokuk & D M 16 18
Laclede Gas pfd 95 110
Lake Erie & W 35 37
Do pfd ..... 96 98 '
Lehigh Valley 71 71%
800iLong Island 70 C 6 67 70
7.ooolLouis & Nash... 151 149% 149% 150V4
iMackay ] 40% 40%
! Do pfd 69% 70
lOOiManhattan 167 16C% 160% 167%
I.4oo!Met Securities... S3U P2%l 82% 83*4
SJiOO.Met St Ry ,129%i125%a28%|129
4,2oo|Mexican Central. 24% | 23% 23% 24
lOO.Minn & St L e9 | 69 68 j 70
I Do pfd.., ...105 112
SOO,M, St P&S S M 142 141 140 141
50O| Do pfd 1C6% 1C5% 166 IGGU
LSOOiMo. Kan & Tex.i 33% 32% 32% 32%
l.lOOj Do pfd I 71 70% -70%] 70%
13.500;Mii-souri Pacific. 107% 106% 106% 100%
INash, C& St L 150 155
5001 National Lead... 44% 43% 43% 44%
j Do pfd 105 106
Ntl R R Mcx pfd 39% 40
900 National Biscuit. 55% 55% 55 55%
I Do pfd 11l 112%
lOOiNew Jersey Cen. 214 214 213 215
100!N V Airbrake... 153% 153% 152% 15C
9,7oojNew York Cen.. 156% 154% 154% 154%
IOO'N Y. C&St L. 53 53 52% 53%
Do Ist pfd 82 64
New York Dock. 24% 30
N Y. N H & H 206 V. 20S
4.5001N Y. Ont & W. 56 54% 55 55«4
2,7ooiNorfolk & West. 86% 85% 65% Bft
Do pfd 90 90
400 North American. 101 100% 100 100%
Northern Sees 188% 190
4,Boo' Northern Pacific. 215 212% 213 213%
400,Omaha 197 195 193 198
I Do pfd |..... . 195 205
fO S L 4s 1 9C% 97
lOOiPaciflc Coaet BT% 97% 96 9$
Do Ist pfd » 101 110
Do 2d pfd 97% 100
500 Pacific Mail 45% .45 44% 45%
122,400 Perm R R C 0... 146%f145% 145% 145%
1.S00: People's Gas 105% 104% 104% 105
700;P, C. C & St L. 82 I 61 j 80 82
Do pfd 106 110
7,000 Pressed Steel Car 47%| 46% 40% 47
200 Do pfd 97 96% 96% 97
100 Pullman Car C0.i250 250 250 253
700lRy Steel Springs 37 36% 36% 36%
) Do pfd 100% 100%
67,600! Reading 113% Ul% 112% 112%
100 Do Ist pfd 95 95 95 05,4
4CO Do 2i pfd 94% 94% 94% 94%
2.600 Republic S & 1.. 22% 21% 21 % 21%
l.COO! Do pfd 88% 87% 87% 88
[Rubber Goods 34% 35
Do pfd '... 105 107
800-Slofs S S & I Co 92% 02 90% 91%
...;...!StL& EF Ist pfd 78 79
1,100 Do 2d pfd 70% 65% 68% 69%
500.5t L & S W 26% 26 25% 25%
500 Do pfd 03% 63 63 63%
22,C00|50 Pacific 68%) 66% 67 67%
200 Do pfd ....... 119% 119% 119 119V4
B.loo'So Railway 33% 35 35 35%
100 Do pfd 99% 99% 99% 99%
Standard Oil 615 620
Stand R4 T 1% IV*
5,700! jTenn C & I 01% 90 90% 90%
200iTex Pac L T Co. 44>4 44 43% 41%
SOOJTex Pacific 36% 36. 35% 36
200 Third Aye 127% 127% 127 128
BOOT Ry & Trac Co 34% 34% 34% 34%
Tol St LA W 37% 38
800 Do pfd 59 57 58% 58%
400 Twin City R T. . 118% 118 117% 118
100 Un Bag & Paper 11 V4 11% 11 11%
400 Do pfd 79% 79% "79% 80
102,600 ! Un Pacific 137% 135% 135% 135%
... Do pfd ..:.... 98 99
..!.... U P Cony 4s 135% 135%
I United Copper . ...... »5% 36M,
200|Cn Rds of S F 73 1 71% 72U 73%
IOOi Do pfd 89 !S9 «S% Sfl
.......!Un Rof B F 4s| 91 91%
1,500! U S Cast Iron Pi 31 30% 30% 30',,
4,4"0! Do pfd ! 93« 92% 93% 93V4
.......jU S Exrrss 123 126
800? Leather Central.! 44 43%! 43% 44
200| Do pfd 105 104% 104 105
U S R & Cons 92 • 92%
IOOiU E R & R Co 34% 34% 33% 34
9001 Do Pfd T2 171% 71% 71%
2 000U S Rubber ... 84 62% 53 53%
2Wi Da pfd 11l 110% 110 110%
61.500U S Steel Cor .. 37% l 30% «6% 36%
31 COOI Do pfd .106% 104 103% 104
&00lVa-Car Ch Co.. 34% 84 ::3% 34
! Do pfd 107 10S
700i Wabash 21% 21 10% 21V*
100! Do pfd A 43% 43% 43 43%
jWabasn deb 8*b1....-.j t7»% *WJ$
Wells F Exp .....240 250
SOOWetf Un ..... 941,4 94 04 94
200 ( W<»etinfrhouj<e 171% 171 170 171
I Do Ist pfd % ISO ' 193
W & L E .„ 18 18%
Do lst pfd ... 40' 42
...i Do 2d pfd ....I I 24% 25
"b.5OO!Wl»c Central .-r.);3»HJt»U S»« 30%
3.900! Do pfd ! 5S%] 67% 1 58% 58%
K>9,950 total chares *old.
U S ref 2s rcg. .104% l Japan fis. 2d ser. 99%
Do coupon 104%j Japan 4Us, cert.. 90%
Do 3s reg 1031.4 Japan 4%5. 2d ser. 89U
Do coupon 10:1*3 L & N- unified 45. 104%
Do new 4s reg.l33 (Man con gold 45.104/4
Do coupon.. 13-V |Mcx Central 45..." 78
Do old Is reg..lC4%i Do Ist 1re... . .-24%
Do coupon JO4*4|Mlnn & St L 4a. 07%
Am««r Tob 45..... 7<\M\M. X A Texas 4s. 10.1%
Do es ..:.;....1W Do 2ds 88V*
Atch gen 4s . .101% NR of Mcx con 4s 84
Do adj 45...... »S N y.C'Ren 3%51: !)9%
Atlantic C L» 4s.K2%iN J C gen 55. ...134%
Ban & Ohio -45..1P5%1N0r Pacific 45...:.106%
Do 3%s -•• Do 3s ......... 7T
Central of Ga 55.114 Nor & W con 45.102%
Do Ist 1nc.:... 98 JO 3 L refdg 45. ;. . 90%
Do 2d 1nc.... 56% Pa.cony 3%s JOQ*
Chrs & Ohio 4%5.11R%! Reading gen 45.C.1C2%
Chi & Alton 3%5. 80JAIS L & I M con 55.116 Vi
C.-B & O new 4s.lol%iSt L * 8 V-tm im snu
Xotv York 'llonds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before quoted.
MIDDLINGS— S26®29 per ton.
SHORTS— S23O24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $21©23;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $33 50©.; 1 30; Jobbtns.
$35- Cocoanut Cake at mill. $22@22 50: jobbing.
$23 : Cocoanut Meal at mill. *22@22 50; Jobbing.
$23 : Corn Meal. $30@30 5O; Cracked Corn,
$30'30@31; Mixed Feed. $22 BC@24: Horst
Beans. $30@40- per ton: Broom Corn Feed. 90c
per ctl; Calfalfa Meal, carload lots, $21: Job
bing $22 30 per ton; Mealfalfa.' $18 in car.lots
and '$20 for smaller quantities. -
HAY— Wheat, $7013 50; Wheat^ajd Oat.
$6012 50; Oat. $6@H:- Barley and^Oat. $6 6C9
9 50: Barley. $G©9: Volunteer Wild Oat. $5©,;
stable. $e@M stock, $4 5C@6; Clover. I7@1O;
Alfalfa. $C@9 per ton.
STRAW— 3O(gSOc per bale."
- Beans and Seeds.
The market continues quiet and firm, with
buyers holding off. for the new crop.
BEANS— Bayoe. $4@4 50; Pea. $3QJ 50;
Butter, $2 50®4; small White, $3 25@3 75; larg*
White, $2 60@2 90 : Pink. $1 50®2 50 for. fair
to good and $3 25@3 75 for choice; Red. *?.%>
©7; Lima. $3 60(05 70; Red Kidneys. $J@l 50;
Blackeyes. $3 75@4 , per ctl; Horse Beans,
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $4 50@4 75: Yellow
Mustard. $3 3C@3 75; Flax. $2 25©2 73: Canary.
6%c: Alfalfa. 10011 c for California and 120
130 -for Utah; Rape, 2%©3% c: Timothy, nomi
nal; Hemp. 3%c per lb; Millet. v 2%©3% c;
Broom Corn Seed. $20021 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 75©3 25; , Green
Peas, $202 25. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
All handlers reported a steady market for
Potatoes and Onions, with receipts moderate
and a -good shipping inquiry for choice off wr
ings of both in addition to the regular lo:al
trade. Salinas Burbanks were the firmest de
scription on the list and a small premium was
obtained for exceptionally fine lots.
Previous ' conditions still prevailed in th«
vegetable market,, stocks of everything exctpt
Lima Beans and Garlic being excessive and
trade of an ordinary routine character.
POTATOES— River Whites 50@«3c per ctl:
Salinas. Burbanks, 85c@$l per ctl: Early Rose.
nominal: Sweet Potatoes. .lV»@2c per lb. »
ONIONS — Yellow, 75@90c per ctl. <
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3@4c per • lb;
String and Wax Beans, l©2c per lb: Lima
Beans,- Sc 'per lb; Tomatoes. 50cg$l per
box; Summer Squash. 25® 40c per box; Cucum
bers, 15@25c'per box; Cabbage. 75c per ctl:
Carrots. 50060 c per sack; Garlic. 5<?5%c per
lb; Egg Plant. 50@75c per box; Green Peppers,
35^60c per bo\: Green Okra. 75@S3c per box;
Green Corn. szoBsl-,15 per sack and $I@l 25
per crate.
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%Q3%c; Ewes. 3s2Ka
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— S2 73@:i per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 100 10 200 lbs. 5%9€c;
over 200 lbs. 3%#s*»c; Feeders, nominal: Sows.
20 per cent off; Boara. 50 per cent off. and
Stags. 40 per cent off from above quotation*.
General Merehundl*e.
BAGS— Grain Bags, 7S«'57Hc: Wool Bags,
27531 c; Fleece Twine, 7%c; Fruit Bags.
CV*@»c.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $3; Seattle. *$8 50; Bryant, *U 30;
Beaver HtlL $5 30: Koslyn. $7; Cooa bay. $3 £l>:
KichmonJ. $3: Cumberland, $13 in bulk and
$14. 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$U 30; Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke, $11 50®lU p.r
ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions. $8 50 per short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for ca*e«
add sc: Linseed. tf4c per gallon fcr boiled and
t2c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1 70=:
Bakers' AA. cases. 51 14-S1 1«; Lucol. 56c for
boiled and 54c for raw; China Nut, case* 65®
SOc per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. in barrels, 33c
for Ceylcn and 53c for Australian; extta
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c: natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whala
Oil. C3c; natural Whale Oil, f»0c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c: No. 1 Lard Oil. We;
Pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c: No. 1 Neatsfoot -Oil.
57% c; Herring Oil. 45c: Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled
Fish Oil. 35c; raw Fish Oil. 3.V: Paint Oil. 3jc
COAL OIL, GASOLINE. ETC.— Water White
Coal Oil. in bulk, lie: Pearl Oil. in cases.
17% c; Astral. 17% c: Star. 17%e; Extra Star.
20% c; Elaine. 2<!c; Eocene. 19^.c; Stove Gaso
line, in bulk. HUe: in cases 21c; Motor Gaso
line, in bulk, 14% c; in cases. 21c: No. 1 En
gine Distillate. Iron barrels or drums, 8c; No..
2 do. 6%c: cases, 6%c more; Benzine. In bulk.
12% c; cases. 19c: S6-<iegree Gasoline. In bulk.
I 25c: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— B6c per gallon In cases and
SOc in drums and Iron barrela.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. !¥•<&
8c per lb: White Lead. T%®3c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Corn
panv quotes as follows, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.30 c;
Powdered. 5.13 c: Candy Granulated. 5.13 c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.05 c; Dry Granulated, coars*.
5.05 c; Fruit Granulated. 5.03 c; Beet Granu
lated ttOO-lb bags only). 4.95 c; Confectioners*
A, 5.05 c; Magnolia A. 4.65 c: Extra C. 4.35 c;
Golden C, 4.45 c: "D," 4.33 c: barrels, 10c more:
half barrels. 23c mare; boxes. 50c more;.Bo-lt>
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels. 5.55 c; boxes. 3. SOc: H. A E. Crystal
Domtnoa. 8.05 c per lb. No order taken for less
than seventy-five barrela or its equivalent.
PACIFIC CODFISH— AImost all kinda hava
been advanced V. "Xc per It>. Bundles, per lb.
4%c; cases, regular. s~Vjc: cases, extra large.
6c; Eastern style. 6%c; "Norway." tt%c; An
chor Brand. 6%®7c; "Narrow Gauge." 7V»c;
"Silver King." 7%c; Golden State. Hftc; Whlt»
Seal. 9V4c; blocks. "Oriental." 6%e; blocks.
"Seabright."* "Vie; Crown Brand. 7%c; Pearl.
7%c: fancy Boneless. 9@»%c; pickled Cod, bbb,
$S 50; pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 73.
liad-strecl Stocks lozccr. Cotion higher.
Local Gas and Salmon shares still active and unsettled.
Silver adzavced J4,c. Exciiange rates unchanged.
M !:<~at and Barley Futures active at a decline.
Oats. Corn, Rye and Beans unchanged.
Hay continues to arrive heavily. Feedstuff s firm.
Potatoes and Onions in moderate receipt and steady.
Poultry Market oversupplied and easy.
Fruit in good demand for local consumption and shipment.
Dried Fruit market still very strong and active.
Provision and Meat markets undisturbed.
General advance in Pacific Codfish.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
C, R I & Pac 4s. S4 [St L S W con 4s. 83£'
Do col 6s 06% Seaboard A L 45. .90%
C.C.C &SLs:n 45.103«g So Pacific 45.... .9594
Chi Term 4s 95 Do Ist 4s, cert. 97 <- :
Colo Midland 45.. 75% So. Railway -ss. ...110H
Colo & So 4s 01^ Tex & Pac 15t5..123
Colo Ind Os. ser A 73% Tol. St- L W 4s. 80%
Do ss, ser 8.. 71»i Union Pacific 45.. 105%
Cuba ss, cert 108 Do cony 45.". ...135%
Den & Rio G 48.102 U S Steel 2d 55.. »7%
Dist Securities 5s 81* Wabash Ist* •.. . . .118 \u25a0
Erie prior lien 45.101% Do deb B ..... 73
Do pen 4s 94 Western Md 45... 89
F W & D C lsts.ll3 W &.L Erie 45... 83
Hock Val 4%5...110% Wls Central 45... 94%
Japan 6s, cert. ..lol ;
Nerr York Mining Stock*. '. 1 -
Adams Con ..... 25] Little Chief ...... : 05
Alice Bs| Ontario ...2 00
Breece 43 Ophir ............ 6 25
Bruns Con 18 Ph0enix...... ..... 02
Com»tock Tunnel. 07 Potosi CS
Con Va Mln Co.. 1 05: Savage 55
Horn Silver ..... 1 75! Sierra Nevada.... 30
Iron Silver ...... 3 40, Small Hopes ...... 28
Leadvllle Con CG|Standard ......... 1 45
Boston Stock™ and . Bond*.
Money — .. Mmmg —
Call loans 2%03% Adventure ........ 5%
Time loans »9*i&4V4 Allouez ......33%
\u25a0 Bonds — Amal Copper .. ..S5
Atchison U 102 Amer Zinc ....... 10
Do adj 45.; 07% Atlantic ......... 17%
Railroads — Bingham ..;• ...30%
Atchison 80% Calumet & Hecla.6s6
Do pfd 103% Centennial 24%
Boston & Albany.2s4 '. Copper Range ... 67%
Boston & Maine.. l7B IDaly West .....:.; 18%
Fltchburg pfd 146 Dom Coal ..78
Mcx Central ..... 23% Franklin .12%
NY,N H & H..207 Granby ' 7%
Miscellaneous — Isle' Royale '. 21
Amer Arge Chem. 23%! Mass Mining ..-;. 8 \u25a0
Do pfd '.. 92 [Michigan .;. —
Amer Pneu Tube.- 7%|Mohawk 51%
Amer Sugar 144 IMont Coal & Coke' 8%
Do pfd 130%! Old Dominion ... 27%
Amer Tel & Tel.l42%|Osceola 95%
Amer Woolen ... 37%, Parrot .25
Do pfd ........ 104%|Quincy ..'.... .....101
Dom Jron & 5... 22%! Shannon • • "hi
Ed Elect Ilium. .252 Tamarack- ....:.. .125
i Gen Electric 183 Trinity ...; S%
Mass Electric... 18% U S Mining —
Do pfd 61% United Copper ... 35%
Mass Gas ....... 50% U S Oil 10%
Un Shoe Mach ... Si Utah 44%
Do pfd 33 Victoria S ;{%
U S Steel 3U%,Winona 12%
Do pfd 104 (wolverine ..; 120
Westing Common. 85%)
BOSTON COPPER MARKET.
•BOSTON. Aug. 18.— The suit against Law
son and Burrage by the Copper Range Com
pany had a dampening effect on the market
ttc-day and stocks were dull and slightly
weaker. There waa very -little pressure to
sell, but there were practically no buying
orders. The metal market Is still very strong
and there is no indication of an overproduc
tion of copper, at -the present level. -.<\u25a0 \u25a0
London Closing: Stocks.
Cons for money.. 90% |n y Central. ... .160%
Do (for acct..9O 9-10 NVjr & Western... 39
Anaconda 6 Do pfd 94%
Atchison 93% Ont & Western... 67 %
Do pfd 107 Pennsylvania 75
Bait & 0hi0...... 11ti% Band Mines ..... 8%
Can Pacific .....164% Reading 57%
Ches & Ohio 59 Do Ist pfd 48,%
Chi Great West.. 23 Do 2d pfd 47%
Chi. Mil &St P. 192 So Railway 36%
De Beers ..:./... 17 Do pfd ........102%
Den & Rio G 3H% So Pacific ....... 70
Do pfd .:. 92% Union Pacific ....140%
Erie 50i4 Do pfd 100
Do Ist pfd 86 US Steel 37%
Do 2d pfd 77% Do pfd 108%
j 111 Central 1&1 Wabaeh 22%
Louis & Nash 155 M, Do pfd 45
M. X & Texas... 33% Spanish 4s 92%
Bar silver— Firm; 2s%d per ounce.
Money— l@l% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market
for short bills is 1% per cent and for three
months' bills 1 15-ltJ@2 per cent.
\u0084 There has not been much change in retail
1 prices;; Eince ~ last ' week. : The best • Creamery
Butter and Eastern Eggs are higher and prices
; of green^produce show some revision.-- Other
wise there is nothing new to report.
COAL. PER TON— \ • "".-: ''
Wellington ..s—olo 00|New "' ' i ..' ' '.
Seattle .....s— @ 8 60; • Wellington .$ — 010 CO
Koslyn ..... .s—& 9 00! Wellington •
Richmond ..s— ®lo OOP" Nut $— @ BCO
Coos- Bay .-.s— @ 7 50}- -
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.— :.
Butter, choice; sq.4s@so| Eggs,. per doz—
Do,- good ....— @4o! Ranch .'. 3O ®s^
Cheese, Cal . . ..15@20! • Uo, Eastern.... 25®30
Cheese, Eastern.2o«t2s! Honey, comb. : lb.— ©ls
Cheese, Swiss .. .250351 Do extracted... B@lo
POULTRY AND GAME— • \u25a0 :
Hens, large, \u25a0 (Turkeys, per lb. .27!930
each ...: ~. ..... 63(g)90! Ducks, each .... 65Q.85
Do small ....50@65] Geese. each.sl 50®l 75
Young Roosters [Goslings ....$1 50@2 25
each ......... '.-. 65@55, Pigeons. ' pair . . . .— @3o
Old. Roosters ea.so<3es! Squabs, per pair.4o(tjso
Fryers, each.. ..50^651 Habbits, each....— @2s
Broilers, each... 3o®loi Hare, each ....— #2s
MEATS, PER POUND— , -" r ;SV . .'
Roast.Beef^— ' .'' | Mutton" Chops. ... — 016
Choice cuts ...15@20|Pork Chops '....— ©ls
Do plain ...10@li% Veal Cutlets ... .15(^15
Roast Vea1 '...12 Vi©ls Corned Beef ....6@B ;
Roast Pork ....15@18 Beef Stew «5® 8
Foreqtr Lamb.— @l2% Mutton Stew — ® 5
Hindqtr Lamb..".— 4?l& Veal Stew 10®12#
Foreqtr Mutton.. B@lo Soup Meat — @ 5
Leg Mutton .. ..— -@lo;£oup Bones 4@—
Tndrloin Steak.l2Vi@l3 Hams \u25a0.'..'. 15@16
Porterhse Steak.lB@2o Bacon 15@i!0
Sirloin. Steak.. l2^@ls Pork Sausage.. 12 >4@15
Round Steak. :.lo@l2%ChJpp«d Beef ..2u<Bt—
Lamb Chops . .-. .15@20iLard .-.- 12%©-—
FRUITS AND. NUTS— .
Alligtr Pears, ea.2s@3o| Limes, doz .....'.15^20
Almonds .15020; Nutmg Melons, ea, 5Hf 10
Apples .......... 4® 0| Oranges, dozen —
BiackbrrieB, drw.2l)#2s| Fancy . - • ". •• •• .40@75
Crab Apples, lb. — @ 8 ! Common ....... 2 }^-5
Cantaloupes, ea.. OWlul Peaches.- lb 3@ 6
Pecans — ©2y! Plums, lb ..' i@ 6
Brazil Nuts ....20® — 'Pineapples, each.. 25(050
Bananas, dor . .25@f35 Pearß, lb ..'. 3® 0
Cocoanuts. each.. 5^)10 Quinces, lb ....... — @ 5
Figs, dried- • Ib.V e©iol Raisins, lb ..... .10015
Do. fresh,*lb.lO(Sl2i4tßaspbrries, drwr.tiO@7s ,
Grape Fruit, d2.6o<~itsi!Strawt)iTies.- Uwr.auyo!)
Grapes, lb ...... 5@ e>, Tangerines, doz.. — @lk
Hcklebrrles, 1b.12V-@ls| Walnuts, per lb.lOSL'o
Lemons doz ...2U@Joi Watermelons. ea.10@25
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes, doz. .40(8751 Leeks, doz bunch.— @ls
Beets, dozen ...,1U@ — Mushrooms, lb... — 4i75
Beans, wMte lb. 54C— Onionl per lb...m@ 2
Colored, per lb. tl@ 8 Okra, lb ......— @l2^4
Dried Lima, lb. — iff 8 Potatoes, per lb.l^@ 2
Green Lima.lb. — @12% Parsnips per dz.lM*2i>
Cabbage, each... 5^10; Radishes, dz bch.ls©2o
Celery, head .... s@lo Sage, dz bnches.2s(ge—
Cress dz bunch.ls« — String Beans, lb. 6@ 8
Cucumbers, doz.;' — @10 Summer Squash, .
GarlK: B@lo perlb... —& 3
Green Peppers. lb. 4@ 6| Sprouts, per lb.. — @ 8
Green \u25a0 Corn, : dor. 2so3s l spinach, per lb.. — if 5
Dried Per">ers...li.«.:o Sweet Potatoes. lb.— @ 4
Egg Plant, ,1b... 3® -51 Thyme, dz bnchs.— if2l
Green Peas, lb:. e@ B] Turnips, per doz. — @15
Lettuce.- per doz. 15fff20 : Tomatoes, 1b..... — @) 6
FISH, PER POUND— " -
Barracouta — ©lOlßockeod — @15
Black Bass .....— ©2s Sea Bass ......— @l2V4
Carp ..— @l2& Smelts — @15
Catfish ...... . .12%@15 Soles — @10
Codfish .-.- .—©l2%! Skates each . . . .10®—
Flounders .... — @12»4 Squid .....:.... — @12%
Halibut ....... .15@— Tomcod 10®12^
Herring ....... ..— <§ — Turbot ....... ;...25@—
Mackerel ....... .150— Trout — @75
Do horse ....12%® — Whlteflsh ...10® —
Rockfish .......;— ols; Clams, gallon.... co©—
Salmon, fresh . .— @lsj Do hardshell, .lb S®lo
Do smoked .... — (g 2s! Crawfish per lb.— ®—
Salmon Trout. ;:. .— <g>4o| Crabs, each . .12Vfi(B'-»5
Sardines .*.'. .... — @ — Mussels, lb ....12^615
Shad -. «....— @l2H'Oysters. Cal, 100.40^51)
Striped Bass.... — @15| Do Eastern.' dz.30@40
Perch — @101
Family. Retail Market.
lsh sentiment- to . such .an extent .that shorts
covered freely.'. Traders believe , that j the situ
ation . and the outlook of % the crop are such
that; the crop, will prove a bull. year. .;. ~
Atwood, Vincent &,Co. tsay: "Miss Giles
report of to-day foreshadows, .in my opinion, a
bureau condition under 74 on September 3, thus
Indicating 10,000, COO bales maximum crop. How
much less 1 do not care to-say.". . .-\u25a0 -c " i
Cotton futures : opened firm. August, 10. 10 c
bid; September, 10.38 c; October. 10.58 c; De
cember, 10.71 c; January, IO.SSc; March, 10.59 c;
May,. 10.00 c. \: •:-- ; ">•""•.
Cotton futures closed steady. August,. 10.42 c;
September, 10.46c;. October, 10.02 c; November,
10.66 c;. December, 10.73 c; January. ; 10.81 c;
February, 10.83 c; March, 10.87 c; April, 10.80 c;
May, 10.91 c. :. . - • \u25a0• . :
Spot ' cotton closed quiet, IB points higher.
Middling uplands, 10.75 c; middling gulf, lie.
Sales. -800 bales. ' -- - V
\u25a0 New York Groin and Produce.
NEW TORK, Aug. 18-— FLOUR— Receipts.
18,200 barrels; exports, 2900 barrels. Dull and
about steady. . "••\u25a0•
/WHEAT — Receipts, 31,400 bushels. . Spot,
'easy; No. -2 red, 86% c elevatonand 87% c f. o.
b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $118 f. o. b.
afloat. A. weak tone in wheat, reflecting weak
ness at Minneapolis and improved Northwest
weather, was followed by midday rallies on
strength of corn, higher cables; and covering.
Still later a second decline occurred under stop
loss selling and the market closed l^s@ | l%c net
lower. September closed 86% c; December,. BBc ;
May, 89%c7- "\u25a0-'",
COFFEE — The market was weak at .- the
opening, owing to the fact that some reaction
was due from yesterday's sharp advance, to
gether with a little realizing. The. temper Im
proved, however, . oh some new buying and
conservative offerings. Boln sides of epecula :
tlve deals seemed to be resting at the moment."
The firm offerings coming in are too high to
admit of Important business, and trade in spot
v/as low.' ' • , \u25a0 •.'
Futures closed steady, unchanged on August
and 5 to 10 points lower on other positions.
Sales 6500 bags. Including: September,' 7.25®
7.30 c; December, 7.55@7.ti0c; January. 7.05©
7.70 c; March.;, 7.80 c; May, » 7.95 c;. July, 8.05 c.
Spot— Rio, steady; No. 7 invoite, B%c; mild,
steady;' Cordova, 10@13c. .'" ./-/ - v : : \u25a0\u25a0'
- SUGAR — Raw, unsettled;, .fair "refining,
S7-16c(g'3« / 4c;'centrlfugal, l»« test; 4 l-16<g>4%c;
molasses- sugar, 8 3-lC@>3'/ic;' refined, steady.:, j
BUTTER— Firm, unchanged. - ;
CHEESE— Quiet,- unchanged. '' . • ,
EGGS— Firm. State, Pennsylvania and near
by fancy, selected white, 20i828c; do choice, 24
©25c- do mixed, extra, 24c; Western, extra
selected, 21#{?>22c; do firsts, 20@21c.
\u2666 . DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— - Were a little'
easier for futures, with reports that holders
had accepted 7** c for prime for October-No
vember delivery. The spot market . holds
steady. Common to good are quoted at ,5@
tPic- prime, 7»4@7Vic; choice, 7&c; fancy, Be.
i 'PRUNES — Firm, quotations ranging from
4V4c to O&c. according to grade. - -"
APRICOTS— Are quiet, but firm, with choice
held at B@B^c: extra choice, 8%@8%c; fancy,
9%@10c. -•\u25a0\u25a0 -"*- '• \u25a0-•\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 •
PEACHES— Are offered sparingly from the,
coast and spot supplies snow nq increase.
Fancy are quoted at ll^c, ;\u25a0 .
RAISINS— Show no fresh feature. Loose
muscatel are quoted at \u25a0i'H&^'Ao- seeded ralt>
lns, 6*4@7&c; London layers. $I@l 15.
New York Metal Market,
NEW' YORK, Aug. '18— A further slight
reaction occurred in the London tin market
with spot closing at £149 7s 6d and futures at
£148 17s (Jd. Locally the market was quiet
with suot quoted at $32 506>32 75.
Copper was unchanged at £b9 10s for. spot
and £69 tis 3d for futures in the London
market. Locally the market . continued firm
with lake and electrolytio quoted at $15 62W@>
15 87% and casting at $15 25@16 50. -
Lead was unchanged at $4 00<S>4 70 locally
and £13 18s J«d in London. ,
Spelter also was unchanged in both mar
kets, closing at £24 15s in London and at
*5 70®5 feO locally. ' t _
Iron closed at 50s Gd for Glasgow, and 47s
3d for Mlddlisboro in the loreign -markets.
Locally the situation shows firmness without
any change in prices; No. 1 foundry North
ern is quoted at $16 25Q17; No. 2 do $15 .5®
16 50- No. 1 foundry Southern, $15 «s@/lt> 75;
No., li do, $15 50@Hi 25.-
\u25a0.•-\u25a0\u25a0.'-.-'. ' \u25a0 • - \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 • '-.-'A --
THE SAN FRANCIStU CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 19, ; 1905.
Continued oa , Page 14. -
' Boston IWool ; Market. ' \u25a0 "*\u25a0-.'.
v BOSTON. -Aug. aB.-^-Th« .wool market is
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Receipts of - Hay were i again large, being
1002 . tons,.' Including 67 cars. < and . the -. market
continued \ weak ' for » the a medium • and : lower
grades, though, the 'finer descriptions were re
ported steady. : Ther« was no change In Feed—
stuffs. -- ' : >'\u25a0'\u25a0 ''\u25a0>-'>"- '\u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0'"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0,'.- - . •\u25a0 s •
. BRAN— $22@23 per ,toa .-. ; j - . ;
Hay and Feedstuff*.
NEW YORK, .Aug., 18.— The market Was fe
verish.: There was a' rush of buying orders on
the opening this morn ing on th<* report of ag
rressi ye ; buying of i, the ' so-called ' bull . pool/, the"
official announcement of : the settlement of the
Lancashire :\u25a0'\u25a0 strike \ and ; the \u25a0; report ,• issued '& by.
Miss Giles. This combination stimulated bull-
New> York Cotton Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
fe s^
AT AUCTION
60 HORSES x 60. HORSES
A choice • lot -of Oregon horses, broken to ,
wor#, weighing from ICSO to 14C0 pounds.
They are a select lot. young and sound . and
ready for work. Some gentU single drivers
among the lot.
aid Tuesja.s . ogust 221 at I p. id.
WESTERN HORSE MARKET,
E. STEWART A CO., 220 Valencia St.by cutting, them, Mr. Johnson having de
clared that the Injured foot, whichever
one it was, had swollen to an extent that
absolutely precluded removal of its : cov
ering by the j ordinary method. - The i first
foot examined proved to be unscathed,
nor did the other one display the damage
that Mr. Johnson complained j of. Never
theless he maintained In court that either
his -Ylght or left j foot was bruised and
fractured and puffed to abnormal size.
"That one drink must have been fierce
liquid," remarked the Judge.
"Ayt ban whisk," Mr. Johnson respond
ed, "an" ay bartendar gay may ay toom-,
bier full fore tan -.cents.".. _ .'.,- \u25a0:'.-
Then he informed the bench that his
wife, whom , he "had i left, in Stockholm
seventeen | years \u25a0 ago, would be • deeply
grieved to learn ot the damage to one of
his feet. : •.
"If I let you go what will you do?" the
Judge asked. \u25a0 ; • . • . •-\ *
• "Ay'll go raght strat- tayhospitale," re
plied Mr. Johnson, glancing at his mu
tilated brogans. .. / ,
He was allowed ..to .. go .f whither he
pleased. - \u25a0\u25a0*'.' t\ -V' '"./
ACCUSED OF EMBEZZLEMENT.— Fred C.
MlU*r was arrested yesterday by Detective
Con'on acd booked at the City Prison en a
charge of misdemeanor embezzlement. He was
employed by the De Laval Dairy Supply Com
pany. 9 Drunim «treet.
Murtse Eye Remedy cures eyes; makes weak
eye* etrori;. Soothes eye pain. •
The dinner of the San Francisco As
sociation of the members of the Ameri
can Society of Civil Engineers will
take place at the Palace Hotel to
morrow night.
Will D!n«- To-Xlffht.
A" a Rnitimiiciny.
Every thins In easy reach. Smooth flratrert,
no heavy trays. A chiffonier at home and a
trunk \u25a0when on the pa. The Meodal Wardrobe
Trunk. Australian rawhtd« bound. bronie
trinunlnjs. Yale tumbler lock, pegamoid leath
er lined, better than leather. Holds clothes,
china, hats, shirt waists, skirts, shoes, cigars,
books. All divided conveniently and accessible.
Made for m*n and women. Banborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market etreet. •
Yes, some people -"get along" with
out reading the ads. But so do some
people,. "get along" without reading
anything at all.
THIEVES CARRY LUMBER AWAY.— Mra.
A. Sudan. 422 Twenty-fifth avenue, and P.
Fagan. Twenty- fourth avenue, near Clement
street, reported to the police yesterday that
quantities of lumber had been carried away
from houses In course of erection In that lo
cality. It was asked that a policeman be
detailed In' plain clothes to catch the thieves.
Stanley Nicholas, a young man resid
ing at 820 Chestnut street, employed
by Madison & Burke as a rent collector,
was severely Injured by being thrown
from his cart yesterday at Tenth and
Harrison streets. He 'tried to pass a
dump wagon at the crossing of the two
streets, when a collision took place
which threw him out of the vehicle.
In falling he received injuries to his
liver, which necessitated his removal to
the Central Emergency Hospital, where
be was attended by Dr. C B. Plnkham.
Thrown Prom His Cart.
"Hello; officer," said, \u25a0the chasee, resting
upon his spade^and? looking, .up; at r tho"
chaser ;. Vare , you looking . for somebody ?".
1 His .ruse -failed,; - for .'the . : hunter Imme
diately nabbed}hlm.' 7 . • > " '* '
. Just S pridr'/to^hlB; appearance before
Judge: Conlan von^ft^ftVcharge t of -having
"tappedV the telepHoneWash box in An
tonio '\u25a0 Devoto'B*-coalyard; T. t 2407 ~ California
street," Mr. Fittpatrick - was ' convicted of
burglary "In the; second: degreV'.by: a Jury
in' Judge ; Cook'a 'idepartmqht-: of : the Su
perior 'Court. :He : seeme'd"to. bear his sor
rows lightly. "t" i , v ; :V./> ; .7,;
\u25a0 '. Ivan '.Hungan; recently,,;fr6m '• Norway, |
saved, himself ; from., conviction, on a fel
ony-charge by <! taking v unto .himself 'as
','pahleV/..whom'.: he ; had
abandoned > withy her.* babe in; the land \of
the > fjords.-^ The 'took place "at
high nooa In -the \u25a0'chambers'; of Judge
Frltx. who officiated. / Attorney Treadwell •
served as groomsman * ahd: : Bailiff i "Jack"
Conlan • gave" away,; the » bride. .- Osculation
was j omitted— indeed;* not ? even - hinted ? at |
by any -^of :..the^male- creatures .' present;
After. the; ceremony the^court resumed its
prosaic. routine. .:..? ' '•"/',;".,.;: . .../'• < V.i*v '\u25a0. I
, Peter : Dalmagno and Joseph Garguilo, 16 : " \
year-olds,' were arrested for. stealing [three
boxes t of J apples^from ;f Abe 'l Grossman's
wagon' 7 at Sao»ome I Z and f T Washington
streets, * and - th«a they, were - charged ' also
James Fltzpatrlck, the" "clubman burg
lar," was on trial before Judge Conlan
and a loud-voiced attorney for the de
fense had John Cabosso, a Juvenile wit
ness for the prosecution, on the grill. The
boy stated that he was en -route to pur
chase sweetbreads when he saw „. the de
fendant; and a few moments later \ the
attorney asked: -.*/." -»~ :
"Where were i you going - when you ' saw
this defendant?" ';!? - *
"To the meat market,", was the' answer.
"Ha!" triumphantly exclaimed the ad r
vocate. "Didn't .- you ' state? a little \ while
ago that you were going 1 to purchase
sweetbreads 7" -:.
"I did," was. the reply. '/Where do you
think sweetbreads are sold— ln a bakery?'.'
Soon after the resultant- laugh had sub
sided, Patrolman A. M. Smith. told of his
long stern chase and ultimate capture
of Fltzpatrlck..;The'. pursuit: was over
many baiik yard fences, •. and as the de
fendant fled he: left a .trail of tncrimtnat
lng evidence; such- as .skeleton keys and
billiard balls. \u25a0\u25a0'. Finally the pursuer scaled
a' wooden . wall - arid -found : his quarry,
coatless and- breathless, working in a
garden.' ' ".\u25a0-''> -'V*. !--,'''i'r \u25a0
Some of the ladT employed In Prager's
department store were "fooling" when the
special -policeman of the -establishment
undertook to discipline them and . re
ceived'a blow on the mouth, whereupon
he arrested Oscar Roderick and booked
him -for' battery. 'When the case was
called in Judge Fritz's court, , however,
a manly little chap -went to the front and
confessed that 'he It ; was ; who • smote the
officer and that he was ready to take what
ever punishment was due the assailant.
So the Judge' dismissed Master Roderick
and informed the other boy that as there
was no formal charge against him he also
was at liberty to go. :: %
Society matrons and t maids 'appeared
before Judge Conlan and pressed home
against Michael Sehabiague, whose bak
ery is at 1701 Hyde street, a. - charge ' of
cruelty to animals, and so convincing was
their description of the manner in which
the defendant had tortured a horse that
h« was given the alternative of paying a
$150 fine or serving 150 days in Jail.
MM. Frank Mulkey and the Misses Bes
sie and Emma Mulkey testified that for
more than an hour Mr.. .Sehabiague
whipped and otherwise maltreated a re
fractory horse at Pacific and Polk streets
despite their remonstrances and humane
suggestions as to how the animal might
be induced to obey , the > rein, 'and Patrol
man Tracy ' and Special "Policeman Me-
Curry told.a similar story. , The defense
was to the effect that no ; excessive or un
necessary punishment • was -administered
to the horse, it being a young animal, and
the defendant's effort being 'to break it
to harness with an. older animal. .
His Honor, not only commended the la
dies for their conduct, but sharply re
buked, Mr. Sehabiague in addition to sen
tencing him.
After pleading guilty to the "charge of
having broken a window in the seed' store
of Trumbull fcCo., on Sansoine'. Btreet,
W. T. Clark sank into a chair, upon the
seat of which Patrolman D. TA. Sullivan
had Just placed his new derby hat.'As
sisted by the owner of the. crushed head
gear, Mr. Clark abruptly stood up again.
"But the smashing of the glass was not
intentional," he explained to. Police ' Judge
Fritz, "nor was it I that actually broke
It. While aiming a, blow at my fellow
defendant here, Mr. Keenah,} my foot
slipped and my fist . collided | with j the
h7ad of my lady companion, whose name*
it is unnecessary to disclose, and she fell
against the pane, shattering It."'
Lanky of frame and lugubrious of coun
tenance was Mr. Clark, in wide physical
contrast to his "lady companion," who
stood beside him as he pleaded.' She was
buxom of form and jolly of facer arid her
coiffure suggested combed. flax.
"But why did you try' to strike Mr.
Keenan?" the Judge Inquired.
"Because," Mr. Clark replied, "he buried
In while I was 'escorting this lady from
her place of employment, a Paclflo 'street
dance hall, to her home. It may not be
amiss for me ' to state that while I have
been endeavoring to lead her to a higher
life he has put forth effort to keep her
flown— aye, to drag her to even a lower
social and moral plane than she now oc
cupies." » > .
"That's right, Judge," cheerfully chimed
in Miss Anonym. "Will has just been
a-breaklng'hls neck to reform me, while
Joe hasn't do*ne a thing but hold me
down, as Will 6ays."
Then her. wandering eye caught a
glimpse -of Patrolman Sullivan ruefully
poking the dents out of his hat, and she
Jellied with Bilent mirth. \u25a0
; Mr. \u25a0 Clark agreed to, t pay $5 for the
broken window, and; both he and Mr.
Keenan were 'dismissed. . Miss Nameless
held a handkerchief to her mouth as she
left the court, but ' twinkling ; eyes and
shaking sides betrayed the intense' hilar
ity \u25a0 that possessed her.
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
Tho conference of city officials held
yesterday in the Mayor* office to con
sider proposed revised plans for the re
construction of the Geary street road by
the city brought to light the fact that
the company now operating the road,
whose franchise has expired, - will not
permit the city to confiscate the roadbed
without taking steps to prevent it. The
discussion developed that the company
claimed to own the rails and roadbed.
A. D. -Shepard, vice president of the
road, said ' the Geary-street railroad
stockholders do not relinquish any of
their legal rights to any property in
wtych they are Interested and will take
steps to preserve their rights. E. P.
Troy stated that Horace G. natt, presi
dent of the road, had, formally relinquish
ed all claims to the roadbed and other
property, which was a consideration for
permitting the operation' of the road after
the franchise had expired. Shepard said
the only consideration as a return for
the operation of the road was the agree
ment of the company to pay to^the city
5 per cent of the gross receipts, which
he regarded as a license for operating the
road. Troy held that 'tne company could
not gain any rights, except as the charter
provides, and the contention of the com
pany that it had secured any permanent
privilege is frivolous, as no resolution to
that effect had ever been adopted .by the
board.
Engineer Stut, who prepared the plans,
stated that it would be cheaper to use
the old rails for 6even years and then
replace them with grooved rails. The
cars could be eight feet wide and of
modern construction. Stut said the road
bed is in fine condition and it would cost
a great deal to tear it out as it Is as
solid as a rock.
Supervisor Connor thought it would be
well for the company to take up Its
rails, so the city could put down grooved
rails at once. Stut eaid tnat if he had to
prepare the plans again he would not
change them, as under them the road
would be a paying \u25a0 proposition with a
comparatively small outlay. The Mayor
read a list of objections prepared by an
engineer, who holds that the space be
tween the two inner rails is too narrow,
which would necessitate the relaying of
the tracks.
Troy said if the dirt was not flying, be
fore the next i.ovember election 15,000
people who had voted for municipal
ownership would hold the Mayor respon
sible. The Mayor said he would accept
the responsibility , but no body of men
would influence his decision to insure a
modern system.
Troy wanted to pin the Mayor down
as to whether he would refuse to ap
prove the contract or block construction
work, but the Mayor rerused to state his
Intention, merely stating that the Super
visors would be responsible for any de
fects.
Connor said the city would' certainly
build the road and the grooved rail would
Increase the cost by 1125,000. City Engin
eer Woodward suggested that the issue
with the Geary street company be met
now and work proceed at once under the
old plans, unless the Supervisors would
consent to changing them, which does not
seem probable. Judging from their public
utterances.
Stut will be engaged at once by the
Board of Works to prepare the plans.
"Ay ban tak yust - yon drank," . eald
Peter M. , Johnson, accused by Patrolman
Nelson of having * been intoxicated jat
midday on the Barbary Coast. "Ay ban
hay yon bad time," he \u25a0_ continued, dis
playing to Judge Fritz his shoes, whlsh
were sliced . and carved in a . most ex
traordinary way. \u25a0"_ \u25a0 . . \u25a0
Then the story came out. Mr. Johnson
had informed some of his cellmates in the
City Jail that after his consumption qf
one drink of "whisky, he was crossing
Kearny street; and a wagon wheel ran
over one of his feet, but Just. which foot
it wag' he could not remember. To aid
him. in obtaining clearness* of \u25a0 mind on
that point one of; the prisoners, who .had
managed to conceal a pocketknife from
the searchers, kindly removed .the shoes
with having previously burglarized a
shooting gallery at 531 Pacific street and
helped themselves to the alleged cigars
which are awarded as prizes to those
marksmen who score a certain number of
bullseyes. Judge Conlan has started j in
quiry,: to ascertain how | the j defendants
managed to smoke the proceeds of their
burglary and retain' the vitality essential
to the plundering of an apple cart.
His ' Efforts' to Block the
City's Acquisition of Ebad
Heeded Not by Supervisors
Aims to Smite Her Evil
Adviser, but Swats
Her Coiffure.
MA.YOE STILL OPPOSES
Geary Street Railway Com
pany Will Not Give Up Its
Property to Municipality
Putative Reformer Gets
Into Bother Over
a Danseuse.' v
WILL DEFEND
LEGAL RIGHTS
ARRESTED WHILE PLUCKING
BRAND FROM BURNING.
Sea Gull Sold.
The steamer Sea Gull, forty-four tons
gross, was sold at auction yesterday by
Deputy United States Marshal Farish
under an order of the United. States
District Court. John Grant of Stockton
was tho buyer, his bid being $505.
The sand dones that . were south of
the Park Is recent history—
The srovrth of the Sunset district has
been- stronsx and steady-
Good opportunities for Investments
throush Sunday Real Estate columns.
MTIXAR' JTJRT FAILS TO AGREE.- Tha
Jury In tha case of Bennett Millar, charged
with criminal assault, atter being out from
Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock. cams into
Judre Cook's court yesterday afternoon at 2:30
o'clock and the foreman announced they could
not agree upon a verdict. The Jury w« dl»
chanred. They stood el«ven for conviction and
one for acquittal. The complainant In the cue
Is Htnrlette Reush. 321 K Ellis street, and tha
alleged assault was committed on March 1.
J THE ;I SAN FRANCISCO "CALL,> SATURDAY, AUGUST 19. 1905.
PRISONERS ; . PLEAD 'i OUIL.TT.— LouIj I*
Lew Is pleaded . guilty |In Judge : La wlor'a : court
yesterday Ito a charge jj ot | robbery - and will , be
sentenced to-day. On the night of June 24 h»
struck *-\u25a0 Mrs.: ; Carrie Z Wells son - Mission . »treet.
near Fourth.'and forcibly took from her a'go'd
watch ! and . pin \u25a0 and purse containing $5. ' Wil
liam McElroy^ pleaded ' guilty . to burglary/'iHe
also .will ' be sentenced - to-day.' '\u25a0 He - broke Into
the i room of ithe * Btlenne \u25a0 Prayer. 618 Paclflo
c tree I. « on ' June ' 26.^ Two 1 prior* t face ; him. '
The ladles ; of v the- -Immaculate Con
c«rtlon- boothVare making yreat . prep
arations, for jah "Evening at Home" to
be given at EintrachtHall, 237 Twelfth
street, on | September* IJ.-/ An' excellent
programme - will j: be "grl'ven and an *n
joyable 'time -ia^^prbmlsed- to all who
attend/. .-- ..".,. ...-:.
-The; ladies of the; Immaculate Con
ception booth' are {Mrs. P.' M. O'Connor,
Mrs. ; Thomas \u0084 Reagan; ; Mrs. James
O'Leary, Mrs.^ Myers, Mrs/ A; A. McNeill,
Mrs.\P.iForsythe,% ; MrB.\H. Casey, Mrs.
A."; Mlley/~ Mrs., -Finn, - Mrs. Oster, . Mrs.
M. : McFarland, Mrs.*; J." McDermott,' Mrs.
P.fKelly,' Mrs.; Connolly, and ..the'Mlsses
M. Cummlngs;- R;- Burns,;; A. " and \u25a0 .N.
Casey,' L.Corkery, v Al:Forsy the, A. Grif
fin.-C.S.; and' T.- Oster, and J. Doyle.
Ladles '.'; of J ' Immncnlate - Conception
Booth: to .Hold Affair on the ;
\u25a0 Evening of -September 16.
"EVENING AT HOME^ TO BE . -
GIVEN 'ATEINTRACHT ftAlilj
Attention,, delegates to Christian
Church Convention and'your friends. If
you are planning to take the trip to the
beautiful Yosemite Valley you should
make arrangements to go via Santa Fe
Railway. The exceptionally low rate of
$25.90 is offered you for the round trip
from \u25a0 San Francisco. Reservation on
stage should be made at once. Quick
est and cheapest' route into the Valley
is the '\u25a0 Santa 'Fe. See Mr. F. W. Prince,
City \u25a0 Ticket Agent, No. 653 Market
street,' for particulars. \ •
Kxcursions to Yo Semite Valley via
, - Santa Fe.
' The sudden death Monday. last, of Jo
seph Wrba, the, well-known : clarionette
virtuoso, oreated widespread sorrow.
Joseph .Wrba, > a " native . : of V Bohemia,
came to San Francisco over thirty years
ago, and his solos proved a great fea
ture In the concerts given In earlier and
later days and In nearly all -grand
operas produced here. Of a mild; pleas
ant disposition, he gained the friend
ship of all .who knew him and. was al
ways esteemed a true gentleman artist.
Fourteen years ago .he married the
daughter of< Ernst Schlott, the French
horn virtuoso, and his .wedded life was
a model and happy one. His widow, and
three children mourn his loss. The re
mains of theidead.i artUt were given
back to Mother Earth in Mount Olivet.*
Joseph Wrba.
. Las Lomu Parlor, Native Daughters
of the Golden West, has arranged for
a day and night at "the Chutes on the
evening of next Friday.* The commit
tee In charge will supply special at
tractions.' The proceeds of this event
will be applied to the 9th of Sep
tember celebration fund to enable tho
ladles of the parlor to shine on the day
of : the* grand parade In Sacramento.
Native Daughters' Day.
.' Four suits' cleaned and pressed $1 a
month, called for, delivered. Club Ren
ovatory, 638 Post st. Tel. East 421. •
• Fire Marshal Towe and the' police are
confronted with the fact that. there are
firebugs in the city. :' The conviction
that the fires at 747. 749 and 762 Har
rison street '.on^/Wednesday night were
of "incendiary origin is growing and
the Fire- Marshal and Detective Taylor
are working on the case in the hope
of laying their hands -tipon the guilty
person or, persons. " •.. •.•:..
Another incendiary fire was reported
to the police^ early .yesterday morning.
Mrs. J. C, 'Jordan, "who lives, ,at, 2o6
Twenty-second- street, -was awakened
shortly before 2 o'clock by hearing; a
noise in the basement of her house.
She was alarmed by the smell of smoke
and proceeded at, once to make an.inv
estigation. | She ; ran . to • the • front' win
dow, and saw . a* young man . running
across ' her back j yard. ' She saw \u25a0 him
distinctly in the moonlight and could
identify him again. , \u25a0 •
She discovered that there was a fire
in the basement and a; still alarm was
sent to the nearest engine-house. The
.flames were extinguished after damage
to the extent -of about $200 had been
done.. There was evidence that a quan
tity of paper saturated « with coal:, oil
had been s«t" on flre w in the basement
and if *It had 'not .been for the noiae
made 'by- the ,flrebug,\whloh awakened
Mrs. ; Jordan, ',' some lives might have
been sacrificed.' \u25a0,-'' •• . — >*?"',•\u25a0
Policemen Beamer. and Johnson were
quickly on the scene and made a thor
ough search of. the neighborhood," but
could find. on trace of the firebug, . He
was described' by Mrs. Jordan as about
21 years of ; age, 5 feet 9 inches tall,
smooth-shaven and wore a dark sack
suit and soft hat. Miss Florence Jor
dan, daughter, of ; Mrs. Jordan, saw a
young- man -answering the 'same ..de
scription hanging around the. corner
when' she passed. a few minutes before
midnight on her way home. \u25a0
The detectives j learned last night that
the fire was caused by a cigarette care
lessly dropped by a young man.
A. Shaw and H. Drlocoll, who came
up from San Jose do Guatemala on the
liner City of Sydney, which arrived
yesterday, were objects of ' great in
terest to their fellow passenger*. At
San Jose, the . ship's officers were in
formed that the two men had been In
the pay of President Cabrera, who had
hired them to assassinate General
Manuel Barillas, the. former President
of the republic and the head of the
anti-Cabrera party.
Shaw and Drlscoll are Australians.
They served with the British forces in
South Africa. "And we *aye a bit of
reputation," volunteered Drlscoll.
They were engaged, they said yester
day, in New Orleans by secret agents of
President Cabrera. They were given
to understand that Cabrera . wanted a
few adventurous men who would .'do as
they were told without asking too
many questions. >\ .
' "I 'avesome principles," said Drls
coll, "but wot's principles w'en the pay's
proper."
They decline to say Just what they
were engaged to do.
"Some of ' our . mates Is still there
arid it" might, go *ard with them If we
was too bloomin' chatty."
At Guatemala* City they found a num
ber^of men of .their own kind. They
say .that Cabrera? made the.cltisens of
the ' republic believe .'that -his reserve
force was much stronger, than it really
numbered. S .Their services, they say,
were not required.- \ Their pay,- smaller
than promised. by the man in New Or
leans, was handed to them ' regularly
and In addition work was found for
them on the railroad.. Hl-health,'they
say, compelled them' to leave the coun
try,- where all signs of revolution, they
declare, have been obliterated.
Mrs. L. C. Jordan's Eesidence
on Twenty-Seventh Street
Partly Damaged by Flames
Two Passengers on City of
Sydney Said to Have Been
Paid to: Kill Barillas
SEES FIREBUG
RUNNING AWAY
SECRET AGENTS
OF CABRERA
16
s7 '^
918-922 Market Street
Announce Final
• - \u25a0 - '
Clearance Sale of
Children's Goats
Broken Sizes, from I to 14 years
. Tlie .materials comprise broadcloth, cheviots,
coverts, mannish mixtures and alpacas; Peter
Thompson, fancy and plain tailored effects.
At One-Half Former Prices
For Saturday and Monday
Former price. Now.
Sizes 2to 4 years. .$3-s<>- $ 1.75
Sizes 2.t0 4 years ..$7.50... ...$3.75
Sizes 2to 4 years $10.00. .'. . . .... $5.00
Sizes 6to 10 years $7.50.^. ...... ,$3.75
Sizes 6to 10 years ..$lO.OO. $5.00
Sizes 6to 10 years. ..... .$16.00. ........ $8.00
Sizes 12 to 14 years $10.50 $5.00
Sizes 12 to. 14 years $15.00. $7.50
;:: ;>', 'Many others reduced in proportion. 5
MOW OM DISPLAY
Children's and Misses' Tailor-Made Suits
, Gqrrect Styles. Prices Moderate
No Branch Stores. Store Closee Saturday at « P. M.
With t >"*°" NJN J <S\
Warm f »>^M^ //^^
Yisier > rt-< ' _-tv ,\ \ \ » fA i ui^»
11 \ i[£/^
And weekly dressings of
Cuticura, purest and sweet-
est of emollients, at once
stop falling hair, remove
crusts, scales, and dandruff,
destroy hair parasites, soothe
irritated, itcning surfaces,
stimulate the hair follicles,
loosen the scalp skin, supply
the roots with energy and
nourishment, and make the
hair grow upon a sweet
wholesome, healthy scalp,
when all else fails.
Cmeurm \u25a0•:•• eambiDai dtlieate BivsVtnal and ctnoU
1V« aropaßM* derive* 1 tram Cutitum. tbe |rrrai Skin
Cur*, with ts« munat of deatuise liurirdirno «n4 tha
moat rcfnaMof of floirfT wiort. T»o So»pf in out »tooe
price -namely, a KadlelaaJ »rd Toil* Soap for Sic
Foßer Drog * Chera. Cmrf^ SoY Fropa^ Bottoa.
srMiiM Tree, \u25a0 Bow to Can for tha Skin and Scalp."
• BUILDING : SALE 'INTEREST ) /4^£^\v
Is 'at [top notch for tkis^its second Saturday.
First : KiiiiGiias at 29c
They're of good figured lawn as you would expect to pay more for. -" — —
; : -^iQfr " Largeor small dots and some dainty *z&f^ >
rtAlw^T Dresden designs edged with white _@® &Z£)lf!>
y/tlipT *J lawn. Building sale values at 29c. J^iL
\u25a0f iw»4i \4m or dark ' with white lawn ruffle at the if \\
HrilSw ffl¥m bottom of the sleeves and collar. // \M]
others at 39c * 69c and 85c> (^ oC ° Orn)d \l L Wimw//
P nQ of them in the ..picture. It's of ypSfc^l'^A
/y'jf 1 percale, with round yoke with ruffle; ywM^' ;;^ ;: 9^%
/^>^^*<^ \ romes in red and white, blue and . j^M§^K^WXm^
ij?ls!^SM& \ wnite an 4 black and wnite - It>s line< 3
\Jr Cial^ I to tne wa ist, generously made; a per- e~^WIV^SS^SP
War ildi n^^i I fectly fitting garment. Building sale • Xs^gs^|^J®Br
\P NOW/ P rice » 69c -
\" . , / Another AVrapper at BSci It's made with yoke, with ruffles over tha top of sleeves, and
\. . /" y an edge of ruffles, both collar and cuffs finished with braid; In blue and white and
V • - ' black and white and light and dark red; lined to the waist. Other wrappers up to
- ' • 91.80.
50 Cents Stockings 29c Hair Brush 48c
For Trimmed HatB. x That are regular 50c values. 29c Dozens of them. That's why
All that are. left of our sum- their building sale ;price. A win- they are 48c, and why they
mer trimmed hats and that dow of them, so you can see make one of the most gener-
have. sold earlier in the season them this morning. ally interesting building items
for,s6 00. -Many that were here Th p e -J tt 7 y *%£&?$& " SSSSnf 'ggSR we have quoted. .
have been sold this week at 95c. Ed tan lace lisle, with aiik embroid- ioc Tooth Brushes: %
Of course they have been handled and V&£\£\? So'c Ifuatitv It 2»e Many of them as good as 2So usual-
mussed some. But to-day will like- black lisle. 60c quality at 20e pair. ly buys _ O ver 1400 grouped on a
ly see the rest all go at 50c. Lots Women* Stocklnx«..l9c palxt Fancy table to-day at 10c It's buildin*
of women want another hat to fin- lisle thread, pretty styles and pat- Bale .
ish the summerwlth. . terns, regular 25c and- 86c qualities. Talcum Powder, lOct Or S cans for
\u25a0 \u25a0"\u25a0•\u25a0. .-;:• __ ' 10c pair. 25c. Allen's violet talcum powder.
Straw Hat*? -2Sr • Women* Stocking", 85e pain Three Soap. 3 cakes 25c t Vestal violet, rose.
... *- >l ,»" v »^, " T' •, . different styles — allover laoe, lace .heliotrope, good soap, highly B«r-
VVC took all a factory had left. boot and plain black, with colored fumed. \A
WphovoKwncflllitirrth.mron' silk embroidery on the instep. New Bale's) Dandruff Core, 35c» For large
W e nave been Selling them rap- shades of tan, slate, white and 50c bottle. It's full of merit. It has
idly. bilt because there were SO champagne are here. 35c pair, or been tested and proven. 35c.
J - \u25a0 \u0084 - , . *c . t 8 pairs $1.00. \u25a0 . Glycerine Soap, 10c t Large bar. pure
many there are plenty left for, a , , ' *mr " oai> * 8 bars f or 25 **
stirring day to-day. _ W *B*9^& School Books
New hats, bvigrht and fresh, good -S&-* J&y jXLa ms£& —^Saaß TT . . t i v i ~_~_^ »•
summer Btyles, all straw, in differ- BF MmJ^^_i^^^^^'^'^^ High School DOOKS, grammar
ent shapes. 25c. , _ . books and primary books all
And some new. fall hats, untrimmed. - "^ — *w*m* mmvm^c^ y „, , School sunriliea too
to^e shown for the first time to- Ma^ et St> ; Near sixth. S. F. Jusffn^e STdS:. ***
A SENSIBLE MOTHER
- Proud of her children's teeth, consults a
dentist and learns that the beauty of perma-
nent teeth depends on the care taken of the
first set.
sozpbOi-T
Liquid and Powder
should be used. The Liquid to penetrate into
the little crevices and purify them; the
Powder to polish the outer surface and pre-
vent the accumulation of tartar.
:: r ,l FORM" • r:^aiD. POWDER. PASTK.^
iAuyM'-Miisic co.
• ; ;.* : 633 MARKET S T.. CPP- MASON.
Phonographsat LowPrlcss — Easy Pajmants
:; THE OLD RELIABLE
BAY CITY
MARKET
ESTABLISHED IS7S.
1132-38 Market St. 25-27-29 Tort St.
Special Sale Every Saturday.
Never offered before in
-Son Francisco
a — i — 1 — ! — — .^ \
Prime Roait Bee!
rlOc
Corned DcclfJ /%;
. (Best) per H>. . .
' (Stall Fed Cattle) %^
All Other Prices 0! Meats
Reduced in Proportion.
O' ' '" '• ; O
Ev«.ry Saturday night from T to 10 O'CLOCK
we will hay» a CLEAN-UP SALS, whawby
BAROAIN3 can b« had which will BXnU*IUSB
yoa. Strictly no telephone orders r«c«lved for
: special rat««. CALL and SELECT TOUR
OWN MEAT. \u25a0
_ ,___^ _^^ -^ —^— — >^— »
Back East Excursions
Roaad Trip Tickets ti -' .^
Chicago $ 7a 50
St.;Loais.:,.; : 67 so
Memphis . 67 50
> New Orleans 67 SO
Kansas City . 60 00
Omaha 6b 00
St. Paal 70 00
Minneapolis . '- : . 7000
Dulath , .•" ' 7a W \
Forf .Worth" ' . 60 00 \f
New York 108 so
Boston: . 100 no .
Philadelphia \ _ 107 50
Baltimore • ; ~ TO7 00
* Washinßton. V U. C XO7 00
OH SAL'S .7
Joy 2*-25-2«. >
August 15-18-24-23. ? •
EfPtembsr 7-S-8-10-U-18-W.
00-1J far SO days.
DXSYZa AND BSTJaX 133.3 J
' , Anrust 10-11-12-30-31.
Good for 40 "lays. _
. * Thes* j tickets ara all honored oa j.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED^!
ASK THE SANTA fS, '
853 Markit StrUk I
TKe Store That's
Popular With
Everybody.
25c n 10c
Oome hi all th«le«jJtnf COI/SRS.
50c Gold and Pearl '~f% " CT^
Bead e d Necklaces. Cf Jt
20c AVomen's 11 "&
White-Foot Hose. 1 'I C
They're splendid wearing:. \u25a0
50c Women's Alk^C^
Over Lace Hose.v JJv
Come in Assorted Patterns. ' V '.
Clean-Up Sale of
Persian White
Lawn ; Waists
All $ 1 .00 Styles ) e -Cp
; To-Day, .\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0.%# i/V'
AU52.25 Styles QCt/^
To-Day, t \* : +f.S?
\u25a0 -They're . prettily trimmed . In", Laces, Em-
broidery Insertion and Tucks In a host of
charming styles.
MAEStOS.
The Home for Honest* Values
1220-1224 Market-St^.