The Sunday Call Magazine Section.(Continued on Page Thr««.)
sight, !and an 'inner ceiling flashed out
under "a', new .'light:,, they had gone into
the back Urawlrig-rooni, ! , beyond ": my.
ken., -The .maid canie up with/ coffee,
her mistress j hastily met \u25a0 lief at the,
door, and once more disappeared. The
. square Avas as quiet , as -• ever. ;I- re-;
\u25a0 malned some minutes where , I, was.
Now and then I thought I heard their
voices In the; back drawlrig-room. .1
wa«, seldom sure. ...' \u25a0'\u25a0,'• \u25a0 *
'My state of riiindmay be imagined- by
those readers who take an. Interest in
riiy ; .pcrs6nal psychology. ,It does not
n.muse'me to look back upon It.- But
at lonsrth.l had the sense to put myself
in Raffles' place. , He had been recog
nized at last, he had como to life. ,Only
one person knew as yot, but that person
was a woman',, and a woman who had
"once been fond- of him,, if the human
face could, speak. .Would she keep his'
' secret? . Would he tell her" where he
lived?. It wns terrible to, think we were
such* neighbors, and with the thought
\u25a0 that , lt 'was- terrible .came , a little* eri-
Uglitenmcnt, a*, to, what- coiild still bo
: clonc for.tjio ibest;' Ilowouhl tiot,,tell
her where he' 1 lived.' ' I ; knew him tod
AvtU \ for that. * He; .woujd \ run- for/it
.when 1 he .could, and .the. bath-chair "ana
, I must jnot be' there -to glvehlm away.-
I dragged : tbp. infernal" vehicle, round
the nearer.": corner.,-. Thorii Iv,.walted-~;
i t here- could be no harm in that— <ind at
last he earned , ' : ; . \u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0
•lie was walking .briskly, -so I wai
.right, and he had not .played, Hie! In
valid to-her; yet I heard him icry. out;
•with pleasure as he; turned the '\u25a0 corner/
arid: ho. flung . himself-'. into . the . chair
with a •, long-drawn' sigh '^that '; did" me*
; good. : / ; ;•;".': -.\u25a0.:.,\u25a0\u25a0"•: •' \u25a0• : \ '"\u25a0:\u25a0>'{ ''"' \u25a0 ::\u25a0•'< ;•\u25a0
- \" Weil, done,.- Bunny~well - '. done! ; I
• am] Qn 'j my .iway ;[ to ;: Barl's^Court, Yshe's
; capable -of , followtng,jne,* ; hit :>: > she ,wqn't.
"look for ,'rne:ln a bath-'chalrrr ilome,'
home, home, and not' another word. till
we get thcr<»:''. ' \u25a0 V '
Capable of following him? : She over
took us before we were past the studios
on the south side of the . square." the_
woman" herself " In a hooded jj opera-cloak.
But she" never-gaye us a glance and ,wo\
taw her tur,n safely in the right dlrec-;
\u25a0 tlori' for Earl's Court, and the. wrong pne^
for our humble mansions. Raffles -thanked*
his' gods in a . voice that . trembled, and •
live minutes later we were in the" flat.
Then for'- once it wag Raffles . who filled
the tumblers arid found the cigarettes,
arid for once (and once only. In all my.
Vhiowl-dgc of him)," did he drain -his glass
at a draught. , . . .
"You didn't see the balcony' sjene?" he
asked at length: arid, they were his first'
words since the woman passed us'on the .'
track.' \u25a0 ' . v
."Do you mean when she came, in?";
"No, when I came down." :
"I didn't." t..; ; ' r - •.., .-.• \u25a0*\u25a0\u25a0
\u0084."1 hope nobody else. saw. it," said Raf
fles devoutly. ;"I uon't say that Romeo
and Juliet were brother and sister to us.
But you might have said so. Bunny." ,
. He was staring' at the. carpet with as
. wry a face as lover ever wore. '
\ '.'An, old .flame?" said 1 gently^'
"A married woman," he groaned. : .
. ."So I gathered." .
"But she always was one. Bunny," said
he ; ruefully.- . "That's; the trouble. It
mak?s all the difference in tho world."
; I saw the difference, but said I .did not
see how.' it: could make any now. He. had
eluded the lady, after all; had" we, not
seen her off. upon a acerit as false as
scent could' be ? # . There was occasion for
redoubled cautlcfn In the future, but noriu
for irnmedjate anxiety., I quoted the bed
side Theobald, but- Raffles did 'not- smile.
His eyes, bad been ; downward all this
• time, and now, -when be ralsid them, I
perceived . that my comfort had been ad
ministered to deaf cars. . > .;,>_,
"Do you know. who she, is?" said he.
V "Not from Eve.'.'
\ "Jacques Salllard,". he said, as though,
now; I must know. .
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0~\ Biit ! the name left me cold and stolid.
: 'l had. heard it. but thnt was nil. .It* was*
lamentable ilgnoraricc. I• am aware. \u0084but -I -
MiaiUspeclalized in Letters at the expense '
of "Art.vJV <'•'_ •'. '; "\u25a0 \u25a0' . \u25a0-. ;-'" '-'\u25a0}'\u25a0
\u25a0~.i ".You must know; her pictures." said
Raffles patiently; .{"but' "I j suppose- yt<u""
thought she, was a man. They would' tip- i
peal to you; v Bunny:; that festive piece
over the* sideboard was her ' work;; So.me
tlmes *ttiey\ .risk? her at the 'ucademy,
sometlmfca' they:;flght "sHy.' She.hus "one '
. of those studios In ; the same square; they
usftl to live :up; near. Lord's.'.'^-;: ; . V;. ..
, My mind was : biiBy brightening a dim
• memory ..of nymphs "reflected In,' woody
•; pools." .'"Of .coursef *.'I : exclaimed, ah'dadd- i
'ed something I about " "a ; clever^ woman.",
Rafflea. rose at 'thejphrase. \u25a0 .;, ;-.,..'
•;;\u25a0<- VA '"* clfiVerX woman!"" he^echoed*'6c6rn-*''
~'t ully : ;'it she": \u25a0Q" 0 ™' 00 '^^? 13 I . sboultJ I i eel
I safe ' as .' houpesV Clever.- women can't for-.
get their cleverness; they carry it as bad-
- - \u25a0-- - : . -
time. It would be difficult, but burg
laries are not usually committed .from
a bath chair, and for . the • rest I put
my ta'/a in Dr. Theobald. Meanwhile
Ruffles had at least withdrawn from the
balcony, and now I could only see his
head as he peered Into a cabinet at the
other side of the room. : It was like the
opera of "Alda," 'in which two scenes
art* enacted simultaneously, one In the
dungeon below,* the other In the temple
above. In the same fashion my atten
tion now became divjded between • the
picture *>t Raines moving stealthily about
the upnjr.i room and that of the husband
and wife 'at .table underneath. -And al|
at once; -V the man replenished his glass
with n shrug of the shoulders, the woman
pushed back her chair and sailed to the
door. --
Raffles was standing before the fire
plate upstairs. He had taken one of .the
framed* photographs from the .chimney
piece and was scanning \u25a0it at suicidal
length through the eye holes in the.
hideous mask : which he still . wore. lie
would need It after all. The lady had
left the room below, opening. and . shut
ting the door for herself;: the man was
tilling his glasy! once more. I would have
shrieked my warning to Raffles, so fa
tally engrossed overhead, but at" this
moment (of all others) a constable (of
all men) was marching, sedately down
our side of the *quare. There was noth-»
ing for It but to turn a melancholy eye
upon the bath chair and to ask the con
stable-the time. I was evidently to-be,
kept there all night, I remarked, and
only realized with the . words that they
disposed of my other, explanation before
they were uttered. It was a horrible J
moment for such a discovery. •• Fortun
ately the enemy was, on the , .pavemen.tr!.
from which he could scarcely have seen .
more than the drawing-room. ceiling .had;
he. looked., but he was not many houses
distant when a door opened and a woman,
gasped so that I heard both across!the
road. And never shall I forget, the sub- t
sequent tableaux ,in the lighted Vv room :
behind the low balcony and the French
windows. . . ' \u25a0
Raffles stood confronted by a .-.dark
and liaiidsome woman, whoso profile as
I saw it flrsttin the. electric. light; is cut \u25a0
like a cameo in my memory. I: It had the
. undeviatlngr line of brow: and. nose, the
short upper Up, the perfect -chln, s that
1 are united in. marble of tener thanjnlthe i
,• flesh," and*-llke g marble '-.'she' ; stood,v, or ,
rather ' like" some' beautiful : pale ! bronze,
for tliat wns' her coloring,, arid she had
lost none of it that I <*oulcT see, neither
\u25a0.trembled,- but. her .bosom, roso.. arid fell,
\u25a0 and that was all., So she stood without
flinching before a masked ruffian,; who *
folt would be the first. to approelate her'
courage; to- me it-was. 30 supefrb that I
could think of it In. this way even then.
-and marvel how. Raffles himself .' could
stunt] u lmbashecl before so .brave a fig
ure. , He,:had, not to do so. long. . The
woman scorned him, and. he-stood, un
moved, a framed photograph' still. In his
-hand.' Thon. with a quick, 'determined
movement she turned,., not. to tlie door
oiv.lo tltc'jbell, but to the open .window
by which Raffles had entered, and, this
with that accursed, policeman, still, ju
view. . So far 'np word* had'. passed, be
. tween the pair. -But, at this] point.Raf
fles said' sonyjthmg." I- could riot 'hour,
what.but-at'the sound.of. his volcc'.thtj
\u25a0 woman whteUd... And Raffles was :look
-lnar.humbly..in her face.' the crape mask
snatched from his own. . •' .';
'.'Arthjur'" she cried; and that might
*-have,-, been..- heard" in the middle of the
square gardeh.v; ':\u25a0)'_ ' "\u25a0-,\u25a0_ ...< ':'\u25a0. ',] \u25a0,',., ,',\u25a0\u25a0"..
\u25a0 Then they stood gazing at each other.;
•neither,. unmoved any more,- and whjlo
they ;«tood the; street-door- opened, nnd ;
banged. It was the; husband .leaving the
'house, a fine fl^grure of a man; but a dls
• sipated f ace.: and a"; step evon ' how, d Js- ;
: tinguished by. the .extreme '••VJcautlori
\u25a0; which, precedes unsteadiness. He broke
the spell. His .wife .came.- to the balcony,
then, looked back Into the, room,' and yet
? again ] along ; the., road, ; and i this \ time - 1
• saw : h i er , f ace. S ; It v was I the ; f aca ;of : one
• glancing • indeed & t from ;!. . Hyperion ,-, to « a
satyr. - , And '\u25a0 then^lj saw \u25a0 the.' rings [ flash.'
' as -her-'hand 'fell ' gently;. upon
} arm.''';'-'y^''],-- : ,r;-':i ?.\'£ v ':>. . ..-\u25a0',.: w'f-' 1
. 'They disappeared 1 from", that.vwjndow.
» Thejr ;. heads . showed . f or .tan l .'instant* in
ithe I; next. Vv Then " they,; dipped ; out lot
"ly as a boy 'does wine, and are about as
dangerous. I don't call Jacques Salllard
clever outside her art. but neither do I
call her a woman at all. She does man's
work over a man's name, has the will
: of any 'ten men I ever kn w, and I don't
mind telling you that I fear her more
than any person on God's earth. I broke
. with her once," said Raffles grimly.
'"but'l-know her. If I had been asked
•to: name the one person In London by
whom I was keenest not to be bowled
out, I should have named Jacques .Sall
lard.".
That -he had never before named her to
"me -was as characteristic as the reticence
with which Raffles spoke of their past
relations, and even of their conversa
tion In the back drawing-room that eve
ning; it 'was a question of principle with
him. and one that I like to remember.
'"Never glve-'a woman away, Bunny,"
he used t% Bay; and he said It again to
night, but with a heavy cloud upon h.lm.
as though his chivalry was sorely tried.
"That's all right," said I, "if you're
going to be given. away yourself."
5 "That's Just it. Bunny! That's just"
The words were' out of him. It was too
late to recall them. I had hit the nail
upon the head.
•'So she threatened you," I said, "did
she?"
"I. didn't say so." he replied coldly.
"And she is mated with a clown!" I
pursued. •-
•'How she-evcr. married him." he admit
ted, "is a mystery to me." y
"It always is." said. I. the wise man for
once, and rather enjoying the role.
VSoiithern blood?"
"Spanish." \u25a0
"She'll be pestering you to run off with
her, did chau," said I. .
Raffles was pacing the room. He
stopped in his stride for half a second.
So she had begun pestering him already!
It is wonderful how acute uny fool. can
be In the affairs of his- friend. But Raf
ties resumed his N walk without a syl
lable, and 1 retreated to safer srounO.
"So you sent her to Earl's. Court." I
mused aloud, and at last he smiled.
"You'll be interested to hear, Bunny,"
said he, ythnt I'm now living In Seven
~< Dials, and BUI Sykes couldn't hold n
' farthing dip to me,. Bless you, she had
my old police record «t her fingers' tnds.
-but it -was fit to; frame compared with
' the one T gave her. I had sunk. as low
as^they 4 dld. < I -.divided my nisbta be
tween,the open park and a ihle.fQsVk.it-
in" Seven Dials. If I was decently
.dressed. lt was because I had stolen the
suit, down, the Thames, Valley beat the
night before,; last. I, was. .'on" my way
back when first that sleepy square and
then her open window proved too much
for me. -You: should have heard me beg
her to. let; me/ push on to the devil In
' my.^owii way; .there I- spread myself.
• for.:l' meant! every word; but I swore
ir th>?final- stage would be a six-foot
drop." ; . ... .'
.; »"\'ou di<lvla>\it.on,", said I. ,r -- 1
. "It was' necessary,' and that, had Us
"Then don't you wait!"'
It was like hfm to leave me like
rliat. and this time I had taken him at
his last word, had not my own given
me an idea. Mad I had called him, anil
mad I could declare him under oath if
necessary. It was not as though the
i hins had happened far from home.
They could Icurn all about us at the
nearest mansions. I referred them to
Ur. Theobald: this was a Mr. Maturln.
ime of his patients, and I was his keep
er and he had never given me the slip
before. 1 heard myself making these
explanations on the doorstep, and
pointing to the deserted bath chair as
the pro«f. -while the pretty parlor maid
i an for the police. It would be a more
serkjus matter for me than for my
< hargo. I should lose my place. No.
lie l.ad never done such a thing before.
and I woulti answer for it that he never
rhould cgain.
I raw myself conducting Raffles back
10 his chair with a firm hand and a
stern tongue. I heard him thanking
me In whispers on the way home. It
would be the first tight place I had
ever got him out of. and I was quite
anxious for him to get Into it. so sure
was I of every move. My whole posi
tiyn had altered in the few seconds
ih.it it took me to follow this illumln
;iting: train of ideas; It was now so
strong that I rould watch Raffles with
_out much anxiety. And he was worth
Matching.
He h.ul stepped boldly but softly to
t'.ie front door, and there he was still
waiting ready to ring if the door
opened or a face appeared in the area,
mid doubtless to pretend that he had
rung already. But he had not to ring
lat ill: and suddenly I saw his foot In
tli^ letter-box, his left hand on the lin
icl overhead. It was thrilling, even to
a hardened accomplice with an explan
ation up his sleeve! A tight grip with
thai left hand of his, as he leaned for
ward with all his weight upon thoso
Ove finjrorfi: a right arm stretched out
ward Mid upward to It 3 last inch, mid
the bast, of th<» low, projecting balcony
was safely caus' 1 *-
I looked down and took breath. The
maid was removing the crumbs in the'
lighted room, and the square was
empty as before. What a blessing it
«ras the end of the season! Many pf
llie houses remained in darkness. I
looked up again and Raffles was draw
ing hJs lcft'l<?g over the balcony rail
ing ' In another moment he had dis
appeared through ono of the French
windows which opened "upon the bal
cony, and in yet knottier he had
switched on the electric light within.
This': was bad enough, for. now I at
least could sco everything he did; but
the crowning folly was still to come.
There -was no r>olnt in it; the mad
thins was done for my benefit, as ... I
knew at once and he afterward con
fessed, but the lunatic, reappeared on
tbe balcony, bowing like a mountebank
—In his crape mask! . , :
I set oft with the empty chair, but I
came back. I- could: not desert old
Raffles even when I would, but must
try to \u25a0 explain away. , his - mask \u25a0as well,
If he had not the sense to take it off in
•"tine's going to let down the blind!"
\u25a0whispered Raffles in high excitement.
No. confound them, they've told her
not to. Mark down her necklace.
Bunny, and invoice his stud. What a
brine he looks! But I like the table,
and that's her show. She has taste,
but he must have money. See the fes
tive picture over the sideboard? Looks
vj me like Jacques Saillard. But the
silver table would be good enough for
me."
"Get on," said I. "You're in a bath
chair."
"But the whole square's at dinner.
We should have the ball at our feet. It
\u25a0wouldn't take two twos!"
"With those blinds up and the
kitchen underneath?"
He nodded, leaning forward in the
chair, his hands upon the wraps about
his legs. V" 1 '
"You must be mad," said I, and got
back to my handles with the word, but
when I tugged the chair ran light.
"Keep an eye on the rug," came in a
whisper from tSie middle of the road,
:m<3 there stood my invalid, his pale
face in a quiver of pure mischief, yet
tot witli his insane resolve. "I'm only
PToiiig' to sec whether that woman has
a silver table"
"We don't want it"
"It won't take a minute"
"•Jfs madness, madness"
THE square shall be nameless, but
If you drive due west from Pidca
dilly the cabman will eventually
find It on his left, and he ought,
to thank you for two shillings.
It is not a fashionable square, but
there are few with a finer garden,
while the studios on the south side
lend distinction of another sort. The
houses, however, are small and dingy,
and about the last to attract the ex
pert practitioner in search of a crib.
Heaven knows it was with no such
thought I trailed Raffles thither, one
unlucky evening, at. tlie latter end of
that same season, when Dr. Theobald
had at last insisted upon the bath chair
which I had foreseen In the beginning.
Trees whispered in the green garden
aforesaid, and the cool smooth lawns
looked so inviting that I wondered
whether some philanthropic resident
<ould not be Induced to lend us the
key. But Raffles would not listen to
the suggestion, when I stopped to
make it, and what was worse, I found
him looking wistfully at the little
houses instead.
"Such balconies. Bunny! A leg up,
and there you would tie!"
I expressed a conviction that there
would be nothing worth taking in the
square, but took care to have him un
der way again as I spoke.
"I daresay you're right," sighed Raf
fles. "Rings and watches, I suppose,
but it would be hard luck to take
them from people who live in houses
like these. I don't know, though.
Here's one with an extra story. Stop.
Bunny; if you don't stop I'll hold on to
the railings! This is a good house;
look at the knocker and the electric
bell. They've had that put in. There's
oorae money here, my rabbit! I dare
bet there's a silver table in the draw
ing-room; and the windows are wide
open. Electric light, too. by Jove!"
Since stop I must, 1 had done so on
the other side of the road, in the
shadow of the leafy palings, and as
Raffles spoke the ground floor windows
opposite had flown alight, showing as
pretty little dinner table as one could
wish to see. with a man at his wine at
the far end, and the back of a lady In
evening dress toward us. It was like a
lantern picture thrown upon a screen.
There were only a pair of them, but
tiic table was brilliant with silver and
gay with flowers, and the maid waited
with the indefinable air of a good ser
\ant. It certainly seemed a good house.
(Copyright. ISOI, tiy Charles Scribner's
Sons.)
I.
effect. She let me so. But at the last
moment she said she didn't believe . I
was so black as I painted, myself, and
then there was the balcony scene you
missed." \u25a0'\u25a0'•: \u25a0
So that was all. I could not help
telling: him that he had grot oat of It
better than he deserved for ever get
ting, in. Next moment I regretted the
remark.
"If I have sot out of it." said Raffles
doubtfully, *:we are dreadfully near
neighbors, and I can't mov* in a min
ute, with old Theobald taking a grave
view of my case. 1 suppose I had b«t- ;
ter lie low, and thank the gods again
for putting: her off the scent for the
time being."
No doubt our conversation was car
ried beyond this point, but it certainly
was- not. many minutes later, nor had
we left the subject, when the electric
bell thrilled us both to a sudden si
lence.
"The doctor?" I queried, hope fight
ing with horror.
"It was a single ring:.'* *
"The last post?" J\\*
"You know he knocks, and it's long
past his time." .r*.-.\-
The electric bell rang again, but now
as though it never would stop.
"You go,. Bunny." said Ra files, with
decision. His eyes were sparkling. His
smile was firm.
"What am I to say?"
"If it's the lady let her in."
It was the- lady, still in her evening
cloak, with her fine dark head half hid
den by the hood, and an engaging con
tempt of appearances upon her angry
face. She was even handsomer than
had thought, and her beauty of a bottle lW
type, but she was also angrier than V
had anticipated when I came so read
ily to thft door. The passage into which
it opened was an exceedingly narrow
one, as I have often said, but I never
dreamed of barring this woman's way.
though not a word did she stoop to say
to me. I was only too glad to flatten
myself against the wall, as the rust
ling fury strode past me into the light
ed room with the open door.
"So this is your thieves* kitchen!" she
cried, in high-pitched scorn.
I was on the threshold myself, and Baf
fles glanced toward me with raised eye
brows. '
"I have certainly had better quarters in
my day." said he. "but you need not call
them absurd names before my man."
- "Then send your 'man* about his busi
ness," said Jacque3 Salllard, with an un
pleasant stress upon the word indicated. ,
But when the door was shut I heard*
Raffles assuring her that. I knew noth^
ing, that he was a real Invalid over
come by a sudden mad temptation, and
all he had told her of his life a lie to
hide his whereabouts, but all he was tell
ing her bow she could prove for herself
without leaving that building. It seemed,
however, that she had proved it already
by going first to the porter below stairs.
Yet T do not think she cared one atom
which story was the truth. J
"So you thought I could pas* you in
your chair," she said, "or ever in this
world again, without hearing from my
heart that it was you."
11.
"Bunny." said Raffles. "I'm awfully
sorry, old chap, but you've got to go."
It was some weeks since the first un
timely visitation of Jacques Salllard, but
there had been many others at all hours
\u25a0at the day, while Raffles had been in
duced to pay at least one to her studio
In ,the neighboring square. These lptru
slons he had'endured at first with an air
of humorous' resignation" which imposed
upon me less than he imagined. The wo
man meant- well, he said after all, and
could be trusted to keep his secret loy
ally. It was plain to me, however., that
Raffles did not trust her. and that his
pretense upon the point was a. deliberate
pose to conceal the extent to which she
had him. in her power. Otherwise there
would have been little point In hiding
anything from the one person In pos
session of the cardinal secret of his iden
tity. But Rafflea thought it worth his
while to hoodwink Jacques Salllard in
the subsidiary matter of bis health. In
which Dr. Theobold lent him unwitting
assistance, and. as we have seen, to Im
press upon her that I was actually his
attendant, and as ignorant of his past
as the doctor himself. "3o you're all
right. Bunny." he had assured raa; "she
thinks you knew nothing the other ntg^.
I told you she wasn't a clever wom^bi
outside of her work. But hasn't she a
will!" I. told Raffles It was very con
siderate of him to keep me out of it.
but that It seemed to me like tying up
the bag when the cafe had escaped. His
reply was an admission that one must be
on the. defensive with sucn a woman and
in such a case. Soon after this. Raffles,
looking far from well, fell back upo 4^
his own last line of defense, namely his
bed; and now, as always 'in the. end. I
could see some sense In his subtleties.
since It was comparatively easy for«ne to
turn even Jacques Saillard from the door.
with Dr. Theobald's explicit injunctions,
and with my own honesty unquestioned.
So for a day we had peace, once more. m
Then came letters, then the doctor again
and again, and finally my dismissal In
the incredible words which have neces
sitated these explanations. ' \u25a0
"Go?" I echoed. "Go where?"
It's that ass Theobald," said Rafflea.
"He insists.".
"On my going altogether?;*
He nodded.
"And you mean to let him have hij
way?"
I had no language for my mortifica
tion and disgust, though neither was
a? yet quite so great as my surprise.
I had foreseen almost every conceiv
able consequence of the mad act which
brought all this trouble to pass, but a
voluntary division between Raffles and
me had certainly never entered my
calculations. Nor could I think that
it had occurred to him before our
egregious doctor's last visit, this very
morning. Raffles had looked irritated
as he broke the news to me from his
pillow, and now there was some sym
pathy in the way he sat up in bedWT
though he feU the thing himself. \J
"I am obliged to give in to the fel
low," said he. "He's saving me, from
my friend, and I'm bound to humor
him. But I can tell you that we've
been arguing, about you for the last
half hour. Bunny. It was no use; the
idiot ha 3 had his knife in you from the
first, and he wouldn't see me tbruugti
on ant other conditions."
"So he la going; to sec you through,
is he?"
-\u25a0- **it tots up to that." said Raffles,
looking at me rather hard. "At all
events he has come to my rcse'ur* for
the time being, and it's for me to man
age the rc3t. You don't know what it
has been. Bunny, these. lust few weeks:
and srnllantry forbids that I should tell
you even now. But would you rather
elope against your will or have your
continued existence niade Known to th«
world In general and the police in par
ticular? That Is practlcally\ the prob
lem which I have had to solve, and the
tepiporary solution was to fu ! l ill. As
a matter of fact I am ill: and now
what do, you think? I owe It to"' you to
tell you. Bunny, though It goes asalnst
the grain. She woujd take me 'to ths
dear, warm underworld, where tlie sun
really, shinca,* and she would 'nurse" Jpe
back to life and love!" The artistic
-THE -SAN FRANCISCO -SUNDAY \u25a0 CALL.
RAFFLES NO. 12 AN OLD FLAME
N0.12.
E. W. HORNUNGTHE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL\
MARGARET E. SANGSTER'S TALKS
YIELDING THE L AST WORD
GIRLS SHOULD LEARN TO COOK
SUence at Time* Requires
Mudi Self-Control-J-Polltlcs Too
Dangerous for Kamlly Talk—ln
flictinß One's Fads on the Fam
ily — Cnse AVhcye a Little War
"Would H«ve Been Preferable—
The Last IVord Before the Day*
Separation— Gnyety a* Ylrtuoua
as Solemnity.
(Copyright, 105, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
LOOKING back upon a heated dis
cussion or a stubborn argument.
In cooler , moments, people are
often astonished that they wasted
so much time and strength in try
ing to have the last word. A man con
vinced ajeainst bl» will Is of the same
opinion still, and In nine cases out of ten
domestic dissension* result in discomfort
all around, simply because both parties
are determined to have their own way.
The last word Is not always a pleasant
word nor a wise one. It takes no little
Mlf-controi to leave the advantage with
the opposite side, yet many a time we are
grateful If they have the pood cense to
forego continued speech and take refuge
la silence. This is sure to be true If we
argue on politics. They are too dangerous
to be admitted into family talk.
Home happiness is a chain that Is strong
cr weak, according as It Is measured, by
the strain each separate link will bear.
If there is a weak place anywhere, then
one may say goo<l-by to peace, and hap
piness Is more dependent on peace than
oa anything else. It cannot flourish In an
atmosphere of strife and contention. This
is why I would exclude politics, unless all
feel alike about men and Issues.
We need not limit the "last word" to
disputes and squabbles. In household
management there arise frequent occa
sions for settling questions of importance,
In which no two of the family take pre
cisely the came view, and yet In which
there may be complete amiability and a
deference to the wishes of others that re
move the discussions from anything like
wrangling. For example, when the ques
tion is of choosing a profession for the
boy or a school for the girl, or of selling
a favorite horse or introducing another
dog into a house where everybody does
not equally like dogs. There may be hon
est distaste and aversion or honest desire
and affection, or there may be a fore-
thought which looks far ahead, or a su
perriclal view which sees only to-morrow.
In any case, about the Bchool, the horse
or the dog. the last word is the decisive
one, and it is uttered presumably by. the
one who sees furthest and is most-unself-'
Ish and considerate.
Otherwise, the last word Is that of a
tyrant, and tyranny", is fatal to home
enjoyment. Tyranny strikes a blow at'
the life of the household and makes
quiet living Impossible in that environ
ment. Just as In "Dombey. and Son,'*
the despotism of the elder Dombey was
a withering and scorching blast within
the doors of his miscalled home, so
despotism anywhere works mischief
th£.t cannot.be repaired.
s ••-»•.'-\u25a0
I knew a man whose foible it was
that he must have the final word about
everything. Beyond his own gates he
was a fairly good citizen, a man ! of
strict Integrity, and a reputable mer
chant. Once he had turned his latch-,
key In the door, his ' whole nature, and;
certainly his manners underwent an
extraordinary transformation. He'
wanted to adjust everything In sight.
He prowled about the kitchen, peering,
into the pots and pans,' and driving the»
cook to distraction. He crept furtively,
around the drawing-room, touching a
finger here and there, to see, If possibly
a -little, dust might have settled on the
furniture, and scanning the corners of
the ceiling above and the floor. below
with inquisitive eyes, in the apparent
hope that a cobweb In one place op a
crumb on the other might give him an
opportunity for criticism. .. ,
The* length of his daughters' frocks,
the color of their hair ribbons, the style
of their shoes and every trifle in their
conduct alike came under his Incessant
fault-finding. Now and then, he took
up a fad with extraordinary Insistence,"
and while the fit lasted woe be to the
family if they ventured to disagree,
with him. Once I remember he took It
Into his head to regard common table
salt as a most virulent poison. No salt
was permitted In seasoning, no salt was
allowed on the table, no salt was ad
mitted within the pantry door. An un
fortunate guest, looking vainly around
the table, inquired for salt. "Madam,"
he said, "I would as soon give you ar- .
senic." .A son of the house ventured
to ask for it, and was ' summarily sent
to Led:
At another time, the same good man
had a fancy .that all nutrition ' and
every possible requirement, for physical
growth were folded up In tho little
compass of a*lima«bean. for
some time the family breakfasted, din
ed and supped almost exclusively > on
lima beans as an article of diet. \u25a0-,
"Why in the world," said a kinswo
man, "do you all give up to Harold in
so'absurd a fashion? Life is not worth
living at- the price you have to pay
for it." \u25a0 "
"The truth of the matter Is," said the
person addressed, '"that Harold is so
set upon having**the last word that we
do. anything for the sake of peace and
quietness." ' \u25a0 . -
1 Hero was an extraordinary; lnstance
of the ! folly and futility of paying too
dearly for peace. A little war would
have been preferable. . -
People Who go about with long faces,
who yield to the blues, who are crabbed
and perverse, have a good deal to an
swer. , for. They lessen the sum of
pleasure In the world. They make
other, people sad and give the right of
way to melancholy, and dim the bright
ness of the daily path. In a girl's al
bum the other day I saw this stanza:
Just ''as a Dlace to Hv< In
This old world is hard to beat.
There Is a thorn for every rose.
-But aren't the roses sweet? •/•,;,
That is'tho sort of "last word" which
we should be all the time saying. There
is little -danger that we shall not be
sufficiently serious. . Sobriety Is in our
-blood. Gravity .id- forcediupon. most of
us by our circumstances, and we can
not always be jolly.. Yet there is no
need that we should go about dragging
on our feet the: ball and chain of irri
tability, moroseness or depression. Gay
ety is as virtuous and honorable in its
proper place and' time as solemnity. .
Hjalmar Boyesen, the Norwegian
poet, wrote an enchanting little lyric
all about a girl 'who was called; the '.
Briar Rose. She went dancing through
the days, and when the other- maidens
were milking the cows or spinning, she
was Idle. Everybody condemned her, .
and. sympathized with her mother be
cause she had so heedless a daughter. ,
She seemed as frivolous as a butterfly, •
but there came a day when there was
a chance for an act of timely heroism,
and it was the little Briar Rose i who
sacrificed herself and saved the town. ' ;
Friends, it does very llttlegood to
scold and nag and condemn : other, peo- -.
pie." What we all need to do is to look
at ourselves. ,Are we willing to '_ yield.,
the last word? Are we willing,' first ;
and last.to say words that are* genial
and nelpful? As the children slng:_
Little acts of kindness.
Little words of love, \u25a0 \u25a0 ; \u25a0_ .' \u25a0
Make our earth an Eilen, y- - \u25a0',
Like the H-eaven above. " ~- .. .
How to . Slake ; Good Coffee n«
Important :.\u25a0* as^. vor
t; rn mmar— Mother"* g Kitchen . the
Dest Cooking School—ln Making"
Itrrad,: Mind the Rules—Chetnls
try In Cooking Mill Help You— '
AdvnntnKCs; ot Forming a Cook- .
Ins Class. ..* „' .... -. -
(Copyright, 1505, : by Joseph B. Eowles'.) .
ITAKE ; it for • granted that most
young girls would like to know how
to cook. A few years ago I would
have. been sure that all girls. desired
to know everything they could about
this useful and necessary "art of woman's
work. But' "l found in connection with
classes Th social settlements /-that girls
who had been working hard all day in
shops and factories did not T take . much
interest in the evening in a ' chafing dish
or a stove or any thing .connected with the
kitchen.. They told me that they were too
tired to enjoy. this sort of work, and that
it was a greater rest and refreshment to
them, to! take up studies ; connected with
books or toVdo something which would
help them .in making .their clothes.
To-day I . atn writing for . school girls,
and I feel quite sure that they sometimes
enjoy, dropping 'their books and ' taking
hold of one of the most practical employ
ments in life. "When you think of .it,
nothing is more practical than: the proper
preparation of dally food.- What .to eat,
how to ;cook It and" how.-. to . serve It are'
departments which no woman can" afford
to neglect. *. .. ••\u25a0•:•' • :. . '"
111-cooked, and 111-chosen* food , cause in
digestion, ill-temper and 111-health. r A
great deal of food In . this dear country
oC ours Is" ruined In the' cooking.. With the
finest markets In the world, with plenty
of everything brought to our; doors,~,we
waste and destroy and throw away food
which in other countries, where \ people
are more economical, Is used, to -"-the best
advantage, "and then' we. wonder why we
continue poor. ; We might as well wonder;
why we ara' often plain when we might
be beautiful, and cross when we might be
amiable, and out of spirits when "we
should be calm and tranquil. "Our. foolish
extravagance and \u25a0 Inexcusable ignorance
are" at the .bottom of most of the: mis
chief. /.'"-,..•. \u25a0 ".. :? '.'rr-'-'. : ' .' ' .' \u25a0\u25a0 : ."
pf course, . every— girl wants to be at
tractive in appearance, to have bright
eyes, asmootli. skin, and "a look of vi
tality. ..No. girl will be beautiful or
have anything else than a sallow, skin,
ugly pimples and dull eyes, if she hab
itually eats poorly cooked food. There:
is, for instance," a widespread prejudice
against hot-blsoults and coffee. Soggy
biscuits and muddy coffee are enough
to 'poison whoever touches them, but
when biscuits are light as puffs, and
coffee Is clear as amber, both are in
nocuous to people In health. Every girl
should learn how to make light bis
cuits and clear, coffee, and this part
of her education Is Just as important as
her arithmetic,. : her grammar, . her
French, her German, her ' geometry or
any one of the numerous 'branches in
sclence_which now occupy the attention
of girls. ,
The best cooking 1 school any girl can
haveis her mother's kitchen, provided
her mother knx>ws how to cook., Noth
ing erse;equal3 the opportunity one has
just' there/' Three meals a day are. set
upon the table In most houses. The fa
ther com^s home tired " after a day's
work, : the growing boys are always
hungry, and the children .may be de
pended upon to eat their. share. It does
riot > seem as If : it would take "a; great
deal of skill no make an appetizing
plate of .toast and a really good cup of
tea- for. mother, when she has a head
acKe, yet I "know any number of girls
whose toast.'isa scorched, messy look
ing affair, and whose tea is not fit to
drink. . " .
A -girl . at home? should take pains
about these simple -everyday things.
She. should learn how to broil steak
and chops,' how -to cook potatoes in
many delicious ways,, hdw to prepare
salads in a variety which Is legion.
Little by little; if a girl Is Interested,
she may acquire the art of cooking
well at home, and especially she should
learn how to make a good loaf of bread.
Dear girls, believe me that until you
have really tried to ido this you do not
know what .an accomplishment . it is.
and how much care and trouble must
be taken before you can know the right
quantity of flour. and the right quantity
of: yeast and the length of time to be
spent In kneading the bread and In let
ting If rise, nor have you the least Idea
about the temperature of the oven.- In
the South, where bread is made in per
fectioh'".! have'known the cook to go
downstairs in the middle of the night
tnnt she might' see how her bread was
coming. on. • This is not riecessary. and
y«t bread -Will 'not brook neglect.- It
must. be carefully watched, and every
step of the process must receive Intelli
gent care. Good cooking demands as
niu.ch thought as any other good thing
hi the universe.
An artist cannot paint .*. picture, nor.
for that matter, can a house painter
decorate a house without taking pains.
As much thought and skill and dexter
ity go into a loaf of bread as Into th»
molding of a statue or the weaving of
tapestry or the writing of poetry.
Whatever else may be slighted, bread"
requires conformity to rule. You hay»
heard old-fashioned housekeepers de
clare, that they were Independent of
rules, that they mads things by using
their judgment, and truly to look at
them as they work one would think
this so; a pinch of one thing, a sprinkle
of another, a handful of a third, a few
ingredients airily tossed together, a
few magical passes, and out comes tha
souffle or the pudding or tho dumpling:
light as foam, browned to perfection,
with the delicato flavor that a chef
might envy. But these good cooks, al
though they do not own It, probably
automatically adhere to rules. Ther*
is some rule that they observe, and fol
lowing: this they act with a precision
which- (Iocs not need weighing and
measuring. Most of us set on better If
we keco to the rule.
A good cook book with plain direc
tions, absolutely followed. Is a friend
worth having in tho house.
The advantage of cooking schools for
girls is largely found In the fact that
the girls there learn a good deal of tha
chemistry of cooklnsr. They are told
the why and the wherefore. They not
only, acquire deftness of touch, but
they learn which dishes may be served
together, and how to make the most
of small portions. The success of a
meal depends on good catering, on
serving^the right things. In the right
order, at the right time. Good house
keeping means a wise and discreet se
lection of provisions. Each young girl
should learn how to market, how to
cater and how t*o cook and then when,
she grows up she will be her mother's
capable helper, and should she marry
she will make a good wife, either for
a poor man or a rich man. just as it
happens. '•
There 13 fun In studying cooking In
a class. A half-doxen girls get more
1 leriEitre out of the work than a sin
gle jrlrl can when studying by herself.
Additional pleasure comes from eat
ing what has been cooked, at the
close of the lesson. There is a great
deal of pleasure, too. In issuing invi
tations to honored guests at the end
of a. season, surprising them with a
fi<ie dinner or a dainty supper served
in a style of which Delmonlco might
be iiroud.
~ - ' . \u25a0 i \u25a0 - ...... .* ' ' ' ' •r' - \u25a0 - • . "\u25a0*-.-.\u25a0.-.*.*:'."
Continued From age Two.
temperament Is a fearsome thing:. Bun
ny, in a woman with the devil's own
will."
Raffles tore ur> the letter from which
he had read these ; piquant extracts,
and lay back on the pillow with the
tired air of the veritable Invalid which
fc»j seemed able to assume at will. . But
for once he did look as though bed was
the best place for him; and 1 used the
fact as an argument for my own re
tention in defiance of Dr. Theobald.
The town was full of typhoid, I said,
and certainly that autumnal scourge
was in the air. Did he want mft to
leave him at the very moment when lie
might be sickening for a serious ill
ness? „
"You know I don't, my good fellow,
said Raffles wearily; "but Theobald
does, and I can't afford to go against
him now. Not that I really care what
happens to me now that that woman
knows I'm in the land of the living;
she'll let it out, to a dead certainty,
and at the best there'll be a hue and
cry, -which is the very thing I have
escaped all these years. Now, what I
want you to do is to go and take some
quiet place somewhere, and then let me
know, so that I may have a port In
the storm when it breaks."
"Now you're talking!" I cried, recov
lng my spirits. "I thought you meant
to go and drop a fellow altogether!"
"Exactly the sort of thing you would
think." rejoined -Raffles with a con
tempt that was welcome enough after
my late alarm. "No. my dear rabbit,
what you've got to do is to make a
new burrow for us both. Try down the
Thames, In tome quiet nook that a
literary man would naturally select.
Tve often thought that more use might
be made of a boat, while the family
ar« at dinner, than there ever has been
yet. If Raffles is to come to life, old
chap, ho shall go a-Raffling for all he's
worth! There's something to be done
with a bicycle, too. Try Ham Com
mon or Roeharnpton, or some sleepy
hollow a trifle off the line: and say
you're expecting your brother from the
colonies."
Into this arrangement I entered with
out the slightest hesitation, for we had
funds enough to carry it out oft a com
fortable scale, and Raffles placed a suf
ficient share at my disposal for the
nonce. Moreover, I for one was only
too glad to seek fresh fields and pas
tures new — a phrase which I deter
mined to interpret literally in ray
choice of fresh surroundings. I was
tired of our submerged life In the poky
little flat, especially now that we had
money enough for better things. I my
seif had of late had dark dealings with
the receivers, with the result that poor
Lord Ernest Belville's successes were
now indeed ours. Subsequent compli
cations had been the more galling on
tbat account, while the' wanton way In
which they had been created was the
most Irritating reflection of all. But
Jt had brought Its own punishment upon
Raffles, and I fancied the lesson would
prove salutary when we again settled
down.
"If over we do. Bunny!" said he, as 1
took hi 3 hand and told him how I was
already looking forward to the time.
"But of course we will," I cried, con
cealing' the resentment at leaving him
which his tone and his appearance re
newed In my breasL
"I'm not so sure of it," he said,
gloomily. "I'm in somebody's clutches,
and I've got to get out of them first."
"I'll sit tight until you do." .
"WcJS," he said, "if you don't see me
in ten days you never will."
"Only ten days?" I .echoed. "That's
nothing- at all."
"A "lot may happen in ten days," re
plied Raffles, In the same depressing tone,
so depressing in him; and with that he
held out his hand a second time, and
dropped mine suddenly after as sudden
a pressure for farewell. \ , •.
I left the flat in considerable dejec
tion after all, unable to decide whether
Raffles was really, ill. or only worried,, as
I knew him to be. And at the foot of
the stairs the author of . my "dismissal,
that confounded Theobald, flung open his
door and waylaid . me.' ," . ,.-.- \u25a0 ' ' . "j .' -.J& : ,';* ;
"Are you going?" '-ttV demanded. -.T"* |
The traps in my hands proclaimed' that :
I was, but I dropped them at ; his feet
to have it out with him then, and there.
"Yes," I answered fiercely, "thanks to
you!" r
"Well, my good fellow," he said, his
full-blooded fac^ lightening and soften
ing at the same time, as though a load
were off bis mind, "It's no pleasure to
me to deprive any man of his billet, Jjut
you'never were a nurse' and you know
that as well as I do."
' I began to wonder what he meant, and
how much he did know, and my specu
lations kept me silent. "But come in
here a moment." he continued,, just as
I decided that he knew nothing at all.
And. leading me Into his minute con
sulting room, Dr. Theobald, solemnly pre
sented me with a sovereign by way of
compensation, which I pocketed solemn
ly, and with as much gratitude as If
I had not fifty of them distributed over
my person as It was. The good fellow
had quite forgotten my social status
about which he himself had been so
particular at our earliest Interview, but
he had never accustomed himself to treat
me as a gentleman, and I do not sup
pose he had been improving his memory
by the tall tumbler which I saw him
poke behind a photograph frame as we
entered.
"There's one thing I should like to
know before I go," said I, turning sud
denly on the doctor's mat, "and that Is
\u25a0whether Mr. Maturln is really ill or
not!" \u25a0
I meant, of course, at the present.mo
ment, but Dr. Theobald braced himself
like a recruit at the drill sergeant's
voice.
- "OX course he is," he snapped— "so
ill as to need a nurse who can nurse
by way of a change."
With that his door shut In mv face,
and I had to go my way In the dark as
to whether he had mistake^ my mean
ing and was telling me a lieor not.
But for my misgivings upon this
point I might have extracted some
very genuine enjoyment out of the
next few days. I had decent clothes to
my back, with money, as I say, in' most
of the pockets, and more freedom jto
spend it than was possible- in the con
stant society of a jnan whose personal
liberty depended on .1 universal suppo
sition that he'was dead. Raffles was as
bold as ever, and I as fond of him, but
whereas lie would run any risk In a
professional exploit. th«re were many
innocent recreations still open to me
which would have been sheer madness
in hlrn. " He could not evexi watch a
match from the 6-penny seats at I^ordls
cricket ground, when the gentlemen
\u25a0were every yenr in a worse way. with
out him. He never traveled by rail,
and dining out was a risk only to be
run with some ulterior object in view.
In fact, much as it had changed. Raf
fles could not longer show his face with
perfect impunity in any quarter or at
any hour. Moreover, after /the lesson
he htfa now learned. I foresaw, in
creased caution on his part. ln this re
spect. But I myself. was under nosuch
perpetual disadvantage, and, while, what
was good enough for' Raffles was (fuite.
good enough for me. so long. as were
together, I saw no harm inproflting by
the present opportunity of "doing my
self well."* j>". "'.'.>.'.'- .
Such were my reflections. on the way'
to Richmond In a hansom cab. \u25a0 Rich
mond had struck us both as. the best,
center of. operations. In search, of -the
suburban retreat which Raffles : wanted. .
and by road. In. a well appointed,' well.
selected hansom, was certainly the '
\u25a0 - - \u25a0 \u25a0.-;.-.-
most agreeable way of getting there.
In a week'or ten .days; Raffles was to
write to me. at the Richmond, postofflce,
but . for at least a .-week I shoujd \u25a0be
"on- my "own." It was not an unpleas
ant sensation, as .!-_. leaned' back in,- the
comfortable 'hansom,'- an'd 'rather to one
side,'.; in order to have 'a; good look at
myself^in, the bevtrletf "Jmlrror. "tliat is
almost as great v arii , Improvement in
theee'J vehicles as * :/ lh'e'.' rubber ; .tires.
Keally'4. was not an .ill-looking youth,
If .oneL niay call one's »salf such at the
age of/30. I could lay no.clalbi' either
to _ the', striking < :st of 'countenHiice or.
to the peculiar charm' of expression
which made the face of Raffles like no
other in the world. But this very dis
tinction was in Itself a danger, for, its
Impression -was Indelible.", whereas =-I.
might still have, been 'mistaken., for a
hundred other, young ellows at large
in London. Incredible as It may.appear,
to the moralists,' l had sustained no ex-,
ternal hallmark by my term of lm-.
prlsonment, and I am vain enough" to:
believe that the evil which I did lf.id
not a separate existence In.myV face.
This afternoon. Indeed. I v/as struck. by
tho purity of my fresh complexion, and
rather depressed by the general Inno
cence of the visage which peered. Into
mine from the little mirror. My straw
colored mustache, grown . In .the. flat
after a protracted holiday, again, pre
served the most disappointing dimen
sions, and was still Invisible. In, certain
lights without wax. So far from dis
cerning the desperate criminal who has
'done time" once, and deserved' lt over
ami over again, the superior but super
ficial observer might have imagined
'hat he detocteel a certain element of
folly In ray face.
At all events It was not the face' to shut
the doors of a first-class hotel against
me without accidental evidence of a more
explicit kind, and" it -was- with no -little
satisfaction that I directed the man to
drive to the Star and Garter.' I also told
him • to go through Richmond ..Park,
though he warned me that It would add
considerably to the distance and his fare.
It was autumn, and it struck methat
the tints would be .fine. And .|_ had
learned from Raffles to appreciate such
things, even amid the excitement of an
audacious enterprise.
If I dwell. upon my appreciation of this
occasion it ' is because, like most pleas
ures, it was exceedingly short-lived. \u25a0 I
was very comfortable, at the Star and
Garter,; which was so empty' that. l had
a room worthy of a prince,, where I could
enjoy the finest of all views, (in patriotic
opinion)- every morning while -I shaved.
I walked many miles through the noble
park, over the commons of Ham and
Wimbledon, and one day. as far as that
of IHsher, where I was \u25a0forcibly reminded
of • a scrvice-we once rendered; to a dis
tinguished resident in this delightful lo
cality;. But it was on Ham Common, one
of the places which Raffles had mentioned
as specially desirable; that. .1 actually
found an almost ideal retreat. . This was
a cottage where I heard, oh inquiry," that
rooms were to be--let in the surnmcr. The
landlady, a motherly body ot'vislble ex
cellence, was surprised indeed -at recelv-'
Ing an application for the winter months;
but I have generally found that the title
of . "author," claimed.; with, an air, ex
plains : every * little *' Innocent Irregularity
of. conduct and , appearance, and even re
quires something of the kind to | carry
convictions to the lay intelligence. The
present case was one in point, and when
I said that licould only write In a. room
facing north, on v mutton chops and milk,
with a\ cold ham , in the "wardrobe In "case
of -nocturnar: inspiration." to jvhich : I was
liable, my ; literary character was estab
lished beyond dispute., ; I secufed . the
rooms, .paid month's Vent In' advance at
my;. own "request ';•, and; Ijmoped in them
dreadfully until the" week was; up and
Raffles duo 'any.; day. ,,. I explained that
the Inspiration would , not come, and
asked; abruptly, if the; mutton was New
Zealand; '. j- ''"".\u25a0->.'\u25a0
\u25a0..'": .' »
Thrice had I made fruitless inquiries at
the Richmond po3toffi.ee. but on the tenth
day I was in and out almost every hour.
Not a word was there for me up" to the
last post-Tat night. Home l' trudged to'
Hani with* horrible forebodings,, and back
again to ..Richmond after breakfast'-nepct
morning; j^SUH. there was nothing, rcbuiU ';
bear. It :ftO'*nio» c: At ten minutes to eleven
I was - the station 'stairs \u0084 at
Earl's C6urt?*C; '.]\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0 : \-}
\u25a0"'\u25a0'lt was j' a*, wretched morning there, a
weeplujr mist shrouding the long straight •
! street arid'. clinging to one's face in. clam- -
"my caresses. I felt. how much better It
was down at Ham as I turne'd-into our .
street and jsaw the \u25a0 flats looming like ,
mountains,* the chimney-pots hidden In
the mist.*. At our entrance stood a nebu
lous conveyance, that I took at first, for a
tradesman's van: to ray horror, it proved
to'bc a. hearse; and all at once the white
breath ceased .upon my lips. -7 ' - . "
• J J had looked up at 'our .windows and the
blinds Iwere down! ' -." •'-• \"
1 % rushed "; within. The doctor's' door
stood open. I neither knocked nor rang,
but- found him In Ills consulting-room,'
with red eyes and a blotchy. .face.' Other
wise he was in solemn. black from head
to heel. }'-• ' . * . / .' \u25a0 •
"Who Is dead?" I burst out. "Who is
dead?" '\u25a0\u25a0''\u25a0 . ."\u25a0> . >
. The red eye 3" looked redder than ever 3
.us Dr. Theobald opened them at the un
warrantable sight, of-md; and hewa.l ter-
ribly slow In answering. But In. the. end
he did answer, and did not kick me .out
*as he evidently had "a. mind.
"Mr. Maturln," he 'said, "and 'sighed, like-;
a beaten man. ;\u25a0''"."'\u25a0'
I said nothing. It was no surprise to
me. ,1 had known It all "these 'minutes.
Nay. 1, had dreaded this from the first,
Kad divined. Hat. the last, though to the
last- also ;I; I had refused to entertain my
own. conviction. Raffles dead! A real in
valid-after, all! Raffles dead,- and on the
point of burial! •\u25a0""- "\u25a0•
"What'did he dfe* of?" I asked, uncon
sciously drawing on that fund of grim
self-cpntrol which the weakest of us seem
to hold in reserve for real calamity.
"Typhoid." he answered. "Kensington
is full of.it." .
"He was sickening for it when I left.,
and you knew It, and could* get rid of me
then!" • :".
"My good fellow, I was obliged to have
a more experienced nurse for that very
reason."
The doctor's tone was so conciliatory
that I remembered in an instant wiiat a
humbug the man was, and became sud
denly possessed with the vague convic
tion that he was imposing upon me. now.
• "Are. you sure It .was typhoid at a'l?" I
cried fiercely to his face. "Are you sure
it: wasn't suicide or. murder?"'
1 qonfe-ss that. l can see little point
in this speech as 1 write it'down. but
It was what I said In a burst of srio.f
nnd of. wild su?picion; nor was it with- .
out :cffect upon Dr. Theobald," who
turnocV bright- scarlet from his "..well
brushed;hair to his. lmmaculate collar.
••"Do: you want me to throw you into
the street?" he cried; and'all nt once,
I remembered that I had come toßaf-':
iflea ns a perfect stranger, and for his
" sake might as well preserve that char
acter to the last.
V "1-bcgyour pardon," I saidbrokenly.
"Hciwas.so good to me. — I. became so
attached to him. You forget I; am
originally of his class.'" " . ""\u25a0-' .
, .'.'l: did forget it."' replied Theobald.
logking relieved at .my new' tone, "and
1 beg your pardon for. dosng;sp. Hush!
They are.' bringing him down. .'I must
have* a . drink " before 'we ; start, and
you'd better join me."' / • :
There, was ? no pretense about" his
drink ;,thls" # tlme,- and a pretty stiff one..
It -"was,, but 1 fancy my own' niust- have
run It hard. Inrny case It cast a' nicr^.
ciful l haze over much of , the" next J hour;:
whichlcaii truthfully describe r as one
of the most'palnfulr'of my" whole exist
ence. • I can - have known very f little \u25a0 of
' what * I "was doing; r I " only remember-.'
:.-.-\u25a0-. .-..-\u25a0 i "\u25a0'\u25a0».. \u25a0 ... .".- \u25a0 -\u25a0- \u25a0- - -,',-.\u25a0- \u25a0'
finding' myself . in- a hansom, suddenly
wondering why It was going so slowly,
and on^e more awaking- to the truth.
But it was to the truth itself more than
to the liquor that I must have owed my
dazed condition. Jly .next recollection
fa of looking. ttown:into the open .grave.
In a smfderr passionate a-nxi^iy to se«
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 tho nan»Cf.for.4Hs^elf. ...lt was. not the
• "name of *uiy.friend,~of course, but it
.was the ouontndcr which he had passed
for many months. •'\u25a0'
I was still, stupefied by a .sense of
'Inconceivable loss nnd had not raised
my eyes from that .wlilch was slowly
forcing me. to realize what had hap
pened, when there was a rustle at my
elbow, and v shower* of hothouses flow
ers passed before them, falling like
'huge snowiiakes where my gaze had
rested. 1. looked up, and at my "side
stoti'J a. -majestic figure In deep mourn-
Ing. The face was carefully veiled, but
I- was ' too ; close Hot to recognize the
marterful ' beauty' whom the world
knew as Jacoues Saillard. I had no
sympathy for her; on the contrary,
my blood boiled with the vague con
viction that in some way she was ro
sponslble for his death. Yet she was
tho only woman present — there were
not half a doaen of us altogether — and
her flowers were tho only flowers.
The melancholy, ceremony was over,
and Jacques Saillr.nl had departed ' in
a funereal brougham, evidently hired
: for the occasion. I had watched her
drive away, and the sight of my own
, cabman making signs to .me through
the fog had suddenly reminded me that .
I had bidden him to wait. I was the
last to leave.. and had turned my back
upon the grave-diggers, .already at
their final task, when a hand fell light
ly but'firriily upon my shoulder. .
\u25a0 "I don t want to make r scene in a
'.cemetery," said a voice, -In a not un
kindly, almost confidential whisper.
"Will you get into yojir own cab and
come quietly?"
"Whovon earth are you?" I ex
cl.ilme'l. . • -
I now remembered having seen the
fellow hovering about during the funeral,
and subconsciously taking him for the
undertaker's head man. He had certain
ly that appearance, and even now I could .
scarcely believe that he was anything
else.
"Jly name won't help you." he said
pityingly. "But you will guess where I
come from when I tell you I have a
warrant for your arrest." • .'\u25a0
My sensations at this announcement.
' may not be believed, but I solemnly de
clare that I haye v seldt>m experienced so
fierce a satisfaction.. Here was a new
excitement in which to drown my grief;
here was something "to think about; and
I" should be spared the Intolerable ex
perience of a solitary return to the tittle
plr.ee at Ham. It was as though I had
lost- a limb and some, one had struck
me so hard In the face that the greater
agony was forgotten. I got Into the
hansom without a word, my captor fol
lowing at my heels, and giving his own
directions to the cabman before taking
his seat. The word . "station" was 'the
only one I caught, and I wondered whe
ther it .was to be Bow street again. My
companion's next woTds, however, or
rather the tone In which he .uttered
them, destroyed my capacity for Idle
speculation.'
"Mr. .Maturin!" said he. "Mr. Jla
turlnT Indeed!'.' "\u25a0'\u25a0''•.- -\u0084-. . \u25a0
"Well." said I. "what .about him?"
"Do you think we don't know who
he was?" ' \u25a0
"Who was he?" I asked defiantly.
'...\u25a0'.'"You 'ousht to' know.'.' said he. "you
got locked up through him the other
time, too. His favorite name "\u25a0 was Rat
ifies ; then." ' •' • .
>Vlt was his real name," I said. Indig
•nantly. v " An <i he has been dead for
"years." \u25a0' ' '
My captor simply chuckled.
""• "He's "at' the bottom 'of the sea, I tell
you!"
" But I do not know why I should have
told him with such spirit, for what could
It matter to Raffles now? I did not think;
instinct was still stronger than reason.
and," fresh from hl3 funeral. 1 had taken
up the cudgels for my dead friend as
though he were still alive, i Next mo
ment I saw this for myself, and my
tears came nearer the. surface than they
had been yet; but the fellow at my side
laughed outright.
"Shall I tell you something else?"
"As you like."
"He's not even at the bottom of that
grave! He's no more dead than you or
I. and a sham burial is his .latest piece
of villainy!"
I doubt whether I could have spoken
if I had tried. I did not try. I had
no use for speech. I did not even ask
him if be, was sure. I was so sure myself.
It was all as plain to me as rlddle3
usually are when one has the answer.
The doctor's alarms, his unscrupulous
venality, the simulated illness, my own
dismissal, each fitted in Its obvious place.,
and not even \be last had power as yjr
to mar my joy in the one central fact
•to which all the rest were as tapers to
the sun. -
"He Is alive"'* I cried. "Nothing else
matters — he is alive!"
At last I did ask whether they had
got him too; but -thankful as I was for
the greater knowledge. I confess that I
did not much care what answer 1 re
ceived. Already I was figuring out
how much we might each get. and how
old we should be when we came out.
But my companion, tilted his hat to the
back of his head, at the same time put
ting his face close to mine and com
pelling my scrutiny. And my answer,
as you have already guessed, was the
face of Rallies himself, superbly dis
guised tbut less superbly than his
voice), and yet so thinly that I should
have known him in a v trlce had I not
been to miserable in the beginning to
give him a second glance.
Jacques Saillard had made his life
impossible, and this was the one escape.
Raffles h*ad bought the doctor for £1000,
and the doctor had bought a "nurse"
of his own kidney, on his own account;
\u25a0me, for some reason, he would not
trust; he had Insisted upon my dis
missal as an essential preliminary to
his part in the conspiracy. Here the
details were half humorous, half grew
some. each in turn as Raffles told me
the story. At one period he had been
very daringly drugged indeed, and. In
his own words, "as dead as a man need
be." but he had left strict instructions
that nobody but the nurse and "my de*
voted physician" should "lay a finger on
me" afterward, and by virtue of this
proviso a. llbary of books (largely ac
quired for the occasion) had been Im
piously Interred at Kensal Green. Raf
fles had definitely undertaken not to
trust me with the secret and but for my
untoward appearance at the funeral
(which, he had attended for his own
final satisfaction). I was assured and
am convinced that he would have kept
his promise to the letter. In explain
ing this he gave me the one wxplana
tlon I desired, and In another moment
we turned into Praed street, Padding
ton.
"And I thought you said Bow street!*",
said I. "Are you coming straight down
to Richmond with me?" .
"I may -as well." said Raffles,
'.'though I did mean to get my kit first,
so as to start In fair and square as the
long-lost brother from the bush. That's
why I hadn't written. The function
was- a day later than I calculated. I
was going to write to-nJght!"
"But what are we to do?" said I,
hesitating .when he had paid the cab.
"I have been the colonies for
all they are "worth!" *
"Oh, ; I've lost my lug-gage." said he.
"or a wave came, into my cabin and
spoiled every stitch, or I had nothing
fit to bring ashore. We'll settle that
in the train."Keith Gordon
RICH MAN
POOR MAN!
The left side guard is with tne rerrule
end. As the blow glances off you can
whip in a hard back-hand .blow thai
will cut him across'the face. ' This will
give you time to step in for close quar' .
ter work. . . \ "'. . •\u25a0
Then there is the low guard, .which
is the same for the risht»or left side.
The blow is taken on the heavy send.'
For a person to: strike • low he must
step in. The moment the blow, is struck
you send the cane .upward and in almost
every case, you will reach the face.
Now for the holds. Supposing'yotir
opponent grasps , the ferrule end. A
quick step forward will bring the cane
ncrqss your stomach and strengthen
your "hold. At rtae sanie time a- left
back-handcr will do the trick on .the
point of \u25a0tne'chJnl-; \u25a0 • • .
If your opppuent should see 'the
movement coming and should throw Op
his hand to block "tho blow", shift your
foot behind his and the pressure of the
outstretched ; left. 1 hand- will? throw.hlni
off his "balanced ; But your \ opponent •
may have taken hold of the end of the
cane with both 'hands, jj which ; . would .
make 1t Impossible, to use I the single^
hand-break. Both your hands ": now
come Into play. 'Quick as ;a flash you
turn, bringing the cane"over;the ; shoul-^
der, giving you Hfio long leveraged It
takes but % the left hand to' hold while
the elbow/ of v,the', right. arnr, goes into
your ; adversary's , stomach.' ;\u25a0\u25a0.. ; \ ' ?\u25a0•. \u25a0
p. This; play .is. like the famous' shift- 'of
Bob Fitzsimmons. It* is ;..; speed; that
counts. -Done slowly, you are lost. 'An- .
-other 'hold 4 break. Is" when your, opponent •\u25a0
grabs "each end of 'the cane. Both your j
hands , grasp the '\u25a0 center and you '; shove \u25a0
upward, which*- will brjng- your | opponent *
'close to you 'and-you can glye.him'the t
\u25a0knee. \u25a0-\u0084:; ' . ."\u25a0 ' r '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. ', \u25a0 ,\u25a0;.-; ;' ...
Exit opponent.
These are but a few of .the : tricks ,. in *
this- kind of.stick^play.ivEveryvone-who "*
practices : wijl -find-.that' they form 1 unique:
defense -and offenseT.work,: whiclr is their-';
oughly practical.'-^ • : *'. . ' -. /V:- '.r ",
| But It must: be C remembered' that .with
out lots of i practice^ and /courage nothing.*
jCanl be i done' in • the way > of : . self-defense .
:.yjrtth:a^cah«.-,-.-;.;*v' " '• ' : "'
best to get out of the neighborhood.
He is not going to stand quietly and
let you do all this, but will be just
iis busy as you. Your advantages* lies
in that you have taken him by surprise
\u25a0\viUj your cant. You must follow it up
quickly. Your practice will stand you
in stead here, tor after gaining your
Jirst point, you will spring, other blqws
in rapid succession that will : keep him
looking continually to a defense.
Take the ruman that tackles you on
the street: In most cases he is larger
a.nd more powerful than you are.
Toughs very seldom tackl« any one who
is a match for them lii size or
strength. . \
When your adversary tries to grab,
you the same upward movement can
be brought into play. Only this time
it 13 aimed at the point of the chin. It
is surprising how'slight a tap with a
ttick on this point will do the trick.
More than one person has taken the
count when this trick has been illus-
trated, the blow . seeming harply to.
touch the chin.
There arc times when the attack will
be made so suddenly or the opponent
will close in so. that the upward move
ment cannot be made. It is then that
the : straight cross comes into play. You
give. your opponent the force of the
heavy eiid on the jaw. This, if it does
not put him oifC\will stagger him.
Then straighten ing out the arm the
second movement of the blow is given
which brings the ferrule end across the
other side of the' jaw. This will gen
erally be enough to d~op him./ If not.
it can be repeated and the next will
catch the point of the chin as his head
is turned.
A defense comes into play when at
tacked by a person who also has a cane
or stic». If the blow is aimed horizon
tally at: the right side or downward
on the -right a mere raising of the
right arm, laying the cane along 'the
forearm as when measuring, will . catch
the blow and It will; glance off. • You
will then be free for your stick* play.
By straightening, out' the arm' youVcan'
stick the ferrule end in your opponent's
Copyright, 1904, by Frances "Wilson.
EFORE they reached the first
V.:.} ledge overlooking Sausalito a
J-^ .mist like floating globules of
/J> J crushed pearl . rolled noiselessly
Vi^y through the fissures of the hills
and blotted onY the vlllage.\;the bay
and the towers and chimneys "ot San *\u25a0
Francisco-r-In other .', words. 1 the world.,
In v the damp. air the girl's hair curled'
more distractlngly than ever..- Never
Had he'seen It when it framed the low
forehead in so bewildering 'an ara
besque of rings and/curves and waves.
"You look rather swell yourself." she
laughed in response to his eloquent
glance of approval. "Knickers and
a I Norfolk cap and the jacket aren't
half bad on you. - Taken -In connection
with your cleft chin," she went on.
throwing her head back and screwing
up her eyes critically, "they make you
a very presentable youth indeed!"
"We won't talk" about that," was the
terse reply. "This walk to Point Bon
ita has an object!"
She opened ber eyes wide.
VCertainly." she assented politely.
"Point' Bonita. for instance. If it has
any other object," she went on stern
ly, "if you're going back' to that old
subject I won't ,go a step further."
By this. time they were moving in
the midst of a cloud.
It was his turn to be innocent.
"You mean— oh!" with a fine imita
tion of impatience. "Doesn't a girl
ever forget it if a fellow has once hap
pened to fancy himself in love with
her and say so?" i
The pink of the girl's cheeks — it had
the soft, furred look that Is responsi
ble .for .the slang adjective "peachy,"
deepened suddenly, unaccountably. Ouf'
of the tail of his eye the youth ob
served this interesting- fact, with cruel
Klee. reflecting with a pang that he
should have chosen diplomacy as a .vo
cation instead of. engineerins.
"You should forgive and forget the sins
of ; my youth," he. resumed. VYou know
you Insisted that .you would -always be
the best of friends— and that's what I
need how!"
"You change' quickly enough, I must
cay!" she remarked with .some heat. .."It
isn't six months sinee — "\u25a0'*'*£}\u25a0'•:
' "Since what?" he challenged, but she
turned away and did 'not reply, while
the walls 'of mist lazily closed In nearer
and' nearer. : '-'
"What do you want" to tell me?" she
questioned at last in an oddly subdued
manner. He did not answer immediately,
but swung on, ahead of ber. in the nar
row path, as if he were making a way
for her through the mist. She felt a
shuddering sense of desolation. Still, she
argued, she'could scarcely have supposed
he would, go on caring, especially since
she had explained to him with judicial
carefulness that she ro^st marry a" man
with money, on account of her mother"
aad the younger girls.
Strangely enough, though she had pic
tured herself as married to another, there
had. always been' a somber, interesting
figure hovering in the background of that
picture-^one to .whom she meant to be
so kind, so gentle, so all-sweet that his
regret should become like a beautiful,
sad- song— to be .wept over— and - enjoyed.
And 'now;. -he 'brute -.was asking her to
"forgive and forget", that he had ever
told • her that . he loved her!' - ;
They had reached the summit of a hill
and he' proposed that they sit-down upon
a '; convenient 'boulder to rest before at
tempting the next "one. Apparently her
silence was 'unnoticed.
"You* see. Fate's been telling off my
buttons lately," he began In a business
like tone, "and the decree Is that it ha 3
got 'to;be"money!"_ '_ -" » ; "
"What do you mean?"
.^ "Rich ~ woman, poor woman., beggar
woman,' squaw!" he elucidated, touching
the buttons orirhis. jacket, ."and the- lot £
falls to rich woman every time. It seems
l beastly thing to think • of— marrying for
money. I would be a cad enough to do
it, but the thing is that there's a girl—
a mighty fine girl— and I really— l— bang
it, "I like her! But how am I to tell
whether it's the real thing or whether
her. money hag something to do with it?
You see. there are reasons why I should
have money, right away. long before 1
ta ga^n It bj» ray o\|rh efforts.
The governor' is '"brcakrns dpwt*.and.his
affairs are In bad shape, and there are
the two kkl3 and mother to provide for."
The girl's heart was sinking as tha
mercury does In a falling temperature.
AH the joy of living seemed to be oozing
away through her finger tips, leaving her
cold and inert. He turned toward her
curiously.
"Of course, you don't think I'd consider
such a thing: if I were not farced to it
by duty!" he went on fervenUy. "And
I came to you because I thought you'd
understand, because circumstances are
forcing you into the same thing. They
say you're going to marry Bradsnaw.
You'll be a rich woman— and a happy one.
I hope— but whether you are or not, you.
will have done your duty by. the family.
That will be your consolation, and that's
why I come to you In my difficulty. What
do you think— can I decently ask the girt
to marry me? Remember. I like her, be^T
I'm not sure I love .her!" . *
The fog, which had seemed about to
crush them softly a few momenta be
fore, was now falling back, hut they
were still In a remote world. With th»
very Bight of habitations cut off from
their view. It was hard to believe In the
reality of purple and fine linen, horses
and carriages and gold. • Suddenly the
scales fell from tbe N girl's eyes, thoujh
she realized with a pang that it wa» too
late. She had put the only thins that
mattered out of her life, as thoughtlessly
and carelessly as she would toss a pebble
from her path. She had not even realized
what she was doing. Down below, where -
the Bradshaw fortune cast its glamour,
everything had looked different. She had
thought that with money all thinys el 3»
must fall into place. But here, cut ofT
from the world, the Bradshaw - wealth
seemed less than nothing, and love tha
only thing! .
Farther and farther th« tog reached.
showing thin in spots, but still conceal
ing the valley beneath them. But sh»
was very sure now. Even when the
world assumed its old proportions It
would be the same. She had had her
lesson.' The peachblow tint was gone
from her cheeks, and her eyes were grava
and unglrlish as she spoke.
"I'm not going to marry Grant-Brad
shaw!" she said steadily, "nor any other
man whom I don't love. So you see I
can't help you- after all! I don't think
1 could ever really have meant to do
such a thing—"
Her voice broke, and the eyes that
had been looking into his with a plead
ing stronger than any words suddenly
filled with tears.
"I'm such a silly!" she explained rath
er unevenly, "but I bate to be accus?dv*
of . such a thing. And I think you ouglvY
to be ashamed. Jack! You're a man. anaJ
you can make money for yourself and—"
But he seemed to be paying .no atten
tion to her word 3. With deep absorption
he was naming the button? of her ! coat.
as if he were consulting an oracle.
"Rich man. poor man. beggar man.
chief." he chanted. "Doctor.- lawyer,
merchant, thief. Rich man. potfr man!"
he stopped, looking anxiously for another
button, but there was none there.
"You see!" she gibed triumphantly.
"Perhaps you've made a mistake in your
own case, too." and with a demure- face
she counted the buttons. "Poor woman!"
she announced, and then something in
hi 3 glance brought the bloom back to her
face and her head went down upon hts
shoulder. . " . •.— :•'.;: -
The thin places in the fos gave way.
leaving two Jagged spaces that framed a
beautiful picture. Down below the sen
was shining on the blue waters of the
bay, on the trees and hedges, among
which nestled . the housss of Khe town.
The girl caught her breath. Sh'p tslt as
if it were. a. benediction, a revelation of
the peace of the years to come. ',
"But what about our families?" she
asked in a troubled voice when th<» mist
had blotted out the pictures once stCy<-
He laughed joyously. . r *
"See that?" -he said holding «ct a
brawny right arm.
he is standing at least six fefl from
you. S •\u25a0 -'
The upward movement of, the hands
in compliance with his command will
bring the heavy end of the cane in con- ,'
tact with the pistol and knock it out,
of his hand or destroy his aim.
A Quick downward blow briags the
other end of the cane over to catch
him on the top of the hand. By this
time you. will be able, to seize, the gun
with the "left hand and "keep out of.
range, while with the ferrule' end you
can jab, him in the face or eyes.
It should be ;remembered right here
that this'article is jiot published for the
benefit of those who, even if they had ;
a cannon,' would give up their valuables. '
The most important factor in self-de
fense is courage. Fully half of the
liold-ups would not be successful if
tliose held up would make a stand.. A
little bravery will do more than all the
work of the Police Department to les-
Een the profits of the knights of the road.
A jab in the eye or a kick will take
all the fight out of - footpad. He will
let you have his gun and will do bis
The first practice should be with this
bold, going through shadow work of
the defense and offense order.
\u25a0VThon the muscles have become suffi
ciently strong then take on an oppo
nent. It may be a little monotonous to
begin this way.' but if the muscles are
not accustomed to the play it is very
easy to strain them so that the hand
car.not be used for some time.
The reason for this grip is that It
Elves perfect freedom of movement to
the wrist, which plays the most im
portant part in the whole uefen>-e.
The blow that does the most effectual
work is an upward or straight cross,
which Is struck with that portion of
the cane that is measured oft along the
elbow. It is started either by throwing
the hands upward or as if to strike a
blow, bringing the hand across the face
of the opponent.
The cane rests on the heel of the
hand and the force of the tjlow comes
from all the muscles and the full
weight of the body along the forearm.
The other biow is wnh the ferrule end
and is the blow ordinarily struck by
one if lie were hcldins the stick at the
end. V
Now that one has heard how to hold
a cane the next thlnr to be considered
Is how to put it into practice.
Take. for. instance, the ca*o .- of &
footpad who suddenly sticks a pun into
yotjr face and commnnds "Hands up!"
You don't stop to -discuss the matter,
but up £O your hands. If the run
Is within four feet of you It means that
< —^ X-CHIEF OF POLICE WITTMAN
.J once remarked. "It is strange
I f how few men who carry a cana
' \~ are held up."
There is "something about a
good stout stick that commands respect.
From time to time articles have been
written about the proper use of the
walking stick in self-defense. In prac
tically every case the pupil has been
told to \u25a0wield his cane as he would a
sword. But once let his opponent, by
this method, gret a hand on the stick
he xr III have an enormous leverage by
which to disarm its wlelder. •
It is, however, to the Emerald Isle
that one must look to get instructions
on the wajs in which, the cane can be
most successfully brought into use as a
weapon of self-defense.
The \ivid literature of boyhood tells
how at the fairs at Donnybrook and
places as well known the fights of the
factions were the delight of the coun
tryside and the number of broken heads
the criterion of the fair's success. There
is more truth than fiction in some of
these accounts, for years ago the shille
lah played a most interesting part in
the country festivities.
By using a cane as a son of Ireland
would use a blackthorn you can put
nine out of every ten ruffians bent en
a holdup out of business. And before
they are aware you have commenced
to defend yourself.
The cane, when used this way. is far
preferable to cither the knife or pistol.
But to use the walking stick tuccess
fuily one must practice with it. Instead
of taking lessons with the foils, if you
are a member of any of the athletiG
clubs, try a light stick the length of a
cane. Put on the broadsword mask
and coat and a heavy glove to protect
the hand, then play "Donnybrook."
After a few weeks of this kind of
wcrk one will f.nd that he has acquired
a lightness and speed that are the per
fection of grace. For, in order to
successfully defend one's self under
this system he must keep perfect poise.
For outdoor use get a good stout
stick, or.c that has some weight and
can stand a battering. A good bit of
oak with tlie bark on Is tne best. Grip
the cane in the center, laying it along
the forearm. "With the left hand push
the cane through the right hand until
the «nd just extend* beyond the elbow,
which will give the right balance. It.
will be found that the other end, to
ward the ferrule, vill t»e a little longer
than that measured off.
The only hold is with the thumb, in
dex ar.d center fingers. It is the same
rrip that is used with the foil. Never
grasp the cane with til the fingers, not
even for a straight blow. In this case
the third and little fingers are merely
held lightly around the cane to steady
it.
THE "SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY' CALE,
THE FOOTPAD AND THE CANEBallengeich profiting by. his produc
tion?"
"That is quite true,- your Majesty;
but I suppose the line must be drawn
somewhere, and I imagine he purposes,
to enrich only those of the highest
rank as being more p.werful than the
yeomen." " , ; .
"Then we come back, Davie, to what
I said before; why. exclude the King,
who is of higher" r^nk than any no
ble?" . , ..
"I have already, confessed, your Ma
jesty, that j I cannot fathom his mo
tives."- \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 '." \u25a0 ' '.: ' .-•' \,' '•\u25a0 . '
V "Well, you see at what we have ar
' rived. This foreigner wishes 'to influ
ence those who can influence 1 the
King. He. wishes to> have among his
audience none but those belonging to
the court. He has some project that
he dare not place before the King. We
will now return to the consideration of
that project. . In the; first place, the
man is not an Italian. Did a scholar
like you, Davie, fail to notice that
when he was -in want of a word, it
was a French wOrd he used? He is,
therefore, no Italian, but a Frenchman
masquerading as an , Italian. -'There
fore, the project, whatever it is, . per
tains to France, and it is his desire
that this shall not be known; .Now
what does France most desire Scot
land-to do at this moment?" >
"It thinks we should'avenge Flod
den; and many belonging, to the court
are in agreement with France on .this
point." . .. .. \u25a0• , Li ' .•. • .;
"Has your necromancer ever men
tioned Flodden?" !
"Once or twice he spoke: of it* with..
'regret." • ' ; * .. - .
"I thought so," continued: the ;King; •
"and now. l, hope you arerbeginnlng to
see his design." .. v . • r ; v :f: f
"What your Majesty says is very in
genious; but if I may^ be permitted -to :
raise- an objection to the theory, -I
would ask your Majesty why \u25a0 this was
, not done .through ; the ; French Embas- [\u25a0
sador. French gold has been -used s be
fore now in the Scottish; court; and; lt
seems to *me that, a great nation 'like
France ; would riot • stoop ' to * enlist* the .
devices of a charlatan, if this man be a
charlatan.",-- •. Jv"- 7 *"," '•- -r- >:\u25a0* >\u25a0;;":']'\u25a0';
"Ah, now^we. enter.the; domain :of
.State secrets,'. Davie,,',; and ;t there -.is •
where a' King has ' an ; advantage' over
the commoner:.. Some awhile * ago the
'\u25a0 French Embassador offered • me , a* sub- ?
eidy. Now I am -not so avaricious as
my grandfather, nor so .lavish as my,
father, and I told the Embassador that
I would depend on ' Scottish gold. I
acquainted him with the success of my
German : miners in extracting gold
from Leadhills In the Clydesdale, and I
showed him my ; newly coined piece 3.
He was so condescendingly v pleased
and inte"rested that he begged the priv
ilege of having his own bars of metal v 
coiried' in my mint, in order .to dis
burse his expens.es in the coin of the
realm, and also toi'send some_of our
bonnet pieces as specimens to France
itself. This right of coin, ge I willingly.,
bestowed upon him; firstly, -because he'
asked it; secondly, I was glad to haVe.
some . account .of his expenditure.
When I came 'in just now I examined
these , closely, and' you . imagined
thatrl » was suspicious of the purity ; of
the metal. This'was not so.: I" told
my r mlnt master toy coin all the bars
the Embassador gave ; him, to' keep'a
strict account of the issue, and to mark
each piece -with the letter ?F\ on the
margin. ', I .'find of the. coins
which we received to-night bearing
this private mark;> therefore, they
have passed through' the 'hands of-the ;
French" Embassadorito the alchemist."
jfl Sir .David gave forth.an{explanation
of surprise. He left his seat,; took the \u25a0
bonnet pieces from " his y pocket and
placed them under the lamp. ••>•'
• 4i "Now,", (said the '- King, t "you * need "
sharp : eyes :to \u25a0< detect V this ,"inark, 'i but
there it; is, - and .there, and; there; v Let!
Us ' look . a little ; closer ; into - the.object;
'of {France. The .English, King Is- my
\u25a0 uncle;*, and ?France" rr f ears V.that ' I • will
keep the peace! with my neighbor; so.
through his Embassador; he sounds
me and learns that • such, indeed, . is
my intention. Fiance resolves to leave
mo ulone and accomplish its object
by corrupting with gold coined 'in my
own mint the nobles of my "court; ; and*
by : God! " Cried James ; in sudden an r
ger, bringing his - fist dov/n on the ta
ble and making , the: coins: jingle,
\u25a0^'France is succeeding * through the
blind stupidity of, men who. might have
• been expected to know- their, right
hind-.from their' left. The 7 greatest
heads of my" realr.i' are being cozened
3by. a trickster ; befooled in a. way that
any 'humble plowman should be
ashamed of. You see now , why they
wish to keep .the v silly;, proceedings
from the King. I tell you; Davie, that
Italian's head comes off, and thus in
some small measure will ' I avenge
JFlodden. 1 -' • •\u25a0 -v -— ; .'
"~t- Sir. David Lyndsay sat meditatively
silent 1 for, some, moments .while ..the.
King "in "angry impatience \ strode up
and down the* small limits- of 'the room.
When the, heat ,of his Majesty's tem
per had partially cooled. Sir David
spoke wlth^somethlng of diplomatic
I; shrewdness. : - -• ~> \u25a0- . / ' \*\
.. VI never, before .realized -the .depth
> and penetration of . your ; Majesty's
mind.' You 'have gone • straight to " tile
I heart of this- mystery and' have thrown
light ; into C its ; corner. -•„ as ; a
dozen , flaming torches ; would , have lII
\ luminatedUhat (dark, laboratory in* the
,' monastery.'** l • have* shared'; the ' stupid- .
, jty i of :. your , nobles, . which > -the -clarity ;
'of "your Judgment -now .exposes,': so"
- plainly; 'therefore, If eel that it' would *
r-be *\u25a0 presumption •on"• my • part : to \u25a0 offer •
advice -to your Majesty in the further
prosecution, of- this affair."
. "No,. Davie," said the King, stopping
in his march and speaking with pleas
ed cordiality,, "no, I value your advice;
you are an honest man, and it is not to
be expected that the subtlety and craf
tiness of these foreigners should be as
clear to you. as the sunshine on a
Highland hill. Speak but, Davie. and
if you give me your counsel, I know_it
will.be as wholesome as oatmeal por
ridge.". . . ' /-;-::""
"Well, your Majesty, you must meet.
\u25a0 subtlety, with, subtlety." . /
,".! am not sure that the adage holds
good, \u25a0 Davie," demurred the King.
".You cannot outrace a Highlandman
in- his own glen, although you may
fight him fairly in the open. Once this
Frenchman's head is off. you stop his
boiling-pot." .
"That is quite true, your Majesty,
but. if the French Embassador should
put I in" a claim for his -worthless car
cass" you .will; find yourself on the eve
of a break with France, if you proceed
to his execution."
"But 'I-- shall have made France
throw off its mask." ;
'.'lt is. not France I am thinking
about; 'your Majesty.. Your own no*
" blesi have gone, clean daft over this
Italian.^ He Is their goose that lays the
golden-eggs, .and-you saw. yourself to
night'with what breathless expectation
they watched his experimenting. I am
sure.^your -.Majesty, that they will
stand by him .and that you will find
not only: France but Scotland arrayed
against you. A , .moment's reflection
will; show, you the, danger. These meet
ings . have been -, going on for months
past,' yet no ; whisper of their progress
has reached your Majesty's ears."
. "That . Is ' true: even you yourself,
Davie, J kept silent.'*
"I swore 'on oath, of silence, and. hon
estly; I did not think that this gold
making 'was an affair of state."
"Very 'well. I will act with caution.
The breath -of - the money-getter tar
nishes :the" polish 'of the sword: and In
my dealings I shall- try to recollect, that
I, have to do with men growirfg rapidly
rich;- as*. well as with nobles who should
.be ;too* proud .to accept unearned gold
from . any man. \u25a0 Now, Davie. I'll need
your.help'; in this, and in ' aiding me
y'ouT will 'assist -yourself; thus will vir
tue be Its; own reward, as is preached
tous. V , I,*. will give you as many - gold
pieces asyou. need; and instead of pay
ing, three bieces at the entrance give
ttte-man 300. Urge all the nobles to
increase' their wagers, for thus we
shall: soon > learn : the. depths of this
yellow. treasury. If I attempt to wring
the neck of the "goose before the "eggs
are laid, my followers would be Justi
fied * in*, saying that the English part
of my nature had got ; the . better of
the Scotch. -Meanwhile know
nothing of-this man's doings, and hope
for your sake, : Davie, that the gold
mine; will prove as prolific as ray own
In ' the^ Clydesdale." v
_: The nqbles- followed' the example set
to them by the lavish Sir David. They
needed no urging from him to Increase
•their stakes. The fever of the gambler
was on 'each of them, and soon the al
leged Italian began to be embarrassed
in* keeping up the pace he had set for
himself.*'' It required now an enormous
sum'" to. pay even double the amount
taken at the : door. The necromancer
announced that the meetings would be
held, less -often, but the \u25a0. nobles would
ngt.have-it so. Then his experiments
became; less -and less successful. One
nighfthe' bonus 'amounted only to half
the,'' coins given ..to • the treasurer, . and
then there #vere ominous grumblings.
At'thefnext meeting the bare amount
paid in -was given back and the deep
roar.. of resentment .which greeted this
proclamation made the foreigner trem
ble 'in' hiSired robe. The * Embassador.
was 'sending -messenger- after messen
ger.' to.v France.' J and ..looked anxiously
for^their return, while the necromancer
did " everything s to ; gain ' time. At last
\u25a0 there came an experiment which failed
entirely;:; no*^^ gold r was -produced in the
\u25a0 crucible. , „ The * alchemist . begged for a
; postponement," but swords flashed forth
, and he - was • compelled on the " spot to
renew \u25a0 his -Incantation. . If gold could
be made on one occasion why not on.
another, cried the Barons with some SB
show of reason. The conjurer had
conjured up a demon he could not eoorj||
trol; the demon of greed.
The only man about the court who -
seemed to know nothing of what -was
going forward was the King himself. ;
The French Embassador narrowly r,
watched his actions, but James .was*,
the same free-hearted, jovial, pleasure-^,
seeking monarch he had always been. ,*
He hunted and caroused, and was the ,-',
life of any party of pleasure which sal- | ,
lied forth from the castle. He disap-M
peared now and then, as was his cus- \u25a0 ;
torn, and could not be found, although
his nobles winked at one another.?
while the perturbed French Embassa
dor looked anxiously for the treasure m
ship that never came.
At last the nobles, who. in spite of H
their threatenings. had too much
shrewdness to kill the gold maker. |
hoping his lapse of power was .; only gSj
temporary, forced the question to a (?] i
head and made appeal to the aa£oa-»-fej
ished King himself. Here was a man. ;
they said;, who could make gold and 7'
wouldn't. They desired a mandate tOi<
go forth, compelling him to resume the* ;
lucrative occupation he had abandoned. I
The King expressed his amazement
at what he heard and summoned the v >
mountebank before him. The gold
maker abandoned his robe of scarlet fe
and appeared before James dressed so
tferly. He confessed that he knew the "
secret of extracting gold from ordinary
soil but submitted that he was not a I
Scottish citizen, and. therefore could
not properly be coerced by the Scottish
laws so long as* he Infringed none of |j
tlit; statutes. The King held that this I
appeal was well founded and disclaim- f^.
Ed any desire to coerce a citizen of a i \u25a0
friendly state. -At this the charlatan]^
brightened perceptibly, and proportion-^4
ately the gloom on the brows of the no- y
bles deepened.
"But if you can produce gold, as you r ;|
say. why do you refuse to do so?" de-;*;i
manded the King. .
"I respectfully submit to your Ma-J|
jesty," replied the mountebank, "that,;'
I have now perfected an invention eft, j
infinitely greater value than the gold- |
making process; an Invention that will 4
give Scotland power possessed by no I
other nation, and which will enable it^
to conquer any kingdom, no matter $
how remote it may be from this land
I so much honor. I wish. then, to de-t»
vote the remaining energies of my lifey
to the enlarging of this invention, \->
rather than waste my time in what 'Is;*;
after all, the ldwest pursuit to which ajl
man may demean himself, namely, thej,l
mere gathering of money," and tho^v
speaker cast a glance of triumph at the].*
disgruntled Barons.
"I quite agree with you regarding,
your estimation of acquisitiveness,"!:
said the King cordially, giving no heedp
to the murmurs of his followers. "Inj"
what does this new invention consist?**?:
"It Is simply a pair of wings, yourij
Majesty, made from the finest silk;^
which I import from France. They
may be fitted to any human being and|>; ;
they give that human being the power'
whicß birds have long possessed."
"Well." said the King with a laush.;y
"I should be the last to teach a Scot-*V
tlsh warrior to fiy; still the ability, toff
do so would, have been, on several oc-i, ?
casions. advantageous to us. Have you
your wings at hand?"
"Yes. your Majesty."
"Then you yourself shall test them l^
in our presence." %\
"But I should like to spend, your ri
Majesty, seme further time on prep-ji
aration," demurrred the man uneasily.:!
"I thought you said a moment ago:]
that the invention was perfect." •'!
"Nothing human is perfect, your'i
Majesty, and if I said so I spoke .withi
the overconfldence of the inventor.: 1^
have, however, succeeded In sailing'
through the air, but cannot yet maka'
any way against a wind." j *
When the Italian was at last equip- li
ped, looking like a demon in a paint-,
ing that hung in the chapel, the King ~"[
led the way to the edgo of Stirling
cliff. .3
"There," he said, indicating a spot;
on the brow of the precipice, tou;|
could not find in all Scotland a better;
vantage point for a flight." '^GHBHPh
The terrified man stood for a moment*
on the verge of the appalling precipice; j
then he gave utterance to a remarkable -;
pronouncement, the import of . which »
was perhaps misunderstood because of
the chattering of his teeth. ,
"Oh, not here, your Majesty! For-j
give me, and I will confess everything.
The gold which I pretended to— —" *
"Fly, you fool!" cried the French t
Embassador. pushing the Italian aud- '
denly between the shoulders and/
launching him into space. With a wild *
scream Farinl endeavored to support *
himself with his gauze-like wings, and j
for a moment seemed to hover in mid- ~.
air; but the' framework cracked : and -I
"Hhe victim, whirling head over'heela.i
fell like a plummet to the bottom of the t
cliff. - ;a
"I fear you have been too impetuous 1
with him." said the King severely,- al- a
though* as his Majesty glanced at Sir 1
David Lyndsay the faint suspicion of ai
wink momentarily obscured his eye^-ar
temporary veiling ot the royal efful-I
gence which passed unnoticed, as every |
one else was gazing over the cliff at *
the motionless form«of the fallen man.i
"I am to blame. Bire." replied the ;|
Embassador contritely, "but I think L
the -villain is an impostor, and I couW I
not bear to see your royal Indulgence j
trifled with. However, I am willing to
make amends for my imprudence. \u25a0 and %
If the scoundrel lives I shall. at;my»
own expense, transport him instantly V
to France, where he shall have the'at; 3
tendance of the best surgeons /the t
country affords."
' "That is very generous of you.", re- f
plied the Kins. s \u25a0 \u25a0 " £
And the Embassador. craving per-. 1
mission to retire, hastened to translate y
his benevolence into action.
Farinl was still unconscious when* tha* j
Embassador and | his attendants reach- r
ed him: but the. French, nobleman*
proved as good as his word.- for he ;had p
the injured man. whose thigh bone was*
broken, conveyed In a litter to Leith.3
and from there shipped to France. But 4
It. was many a day before the Scottish*!
nobles ceased to deplore the untimely 1
departure of their cold maker...
heap of bonnet pieces of the King s
own coinage. Beside this heap lay a
scrbll with the requisities for writing.
The money- taker, a gaunt foreigner
clad in long robes like a monk, closed
the door and barred it securely, then
returned to the table. He nodded to
Sir David and glanced with some tlis
truct upon his plaid-covered compan
"Whom have you brought to us, Sir
Lyndsay?" asked the man suspiciously.
"A friend of mine, the master of Bal
lenge'ch; one who can keep his own
counsel and who wishes to turn an
honest penny."
£We cdmlt none except those con
nected with the court." demurred the
n.oucy-taker. .
"Well, in a manner, Ballengeich is
connected with the court. He supplies
the castle with the products of nia
farm."
"I am deeply grieved to refuse you,
sir, but I cannot disobey my strict in
structions." ,_\u25a0,,-,
"Oh. very well.. then," said the King
impatiently, "we will stay no further
question. Sir David here is a close
friend of the King, and a friend of my
own. therefore we will return to the
castle and get the King's warrant,
which, I- trust, will open any door in
Striling."
The warder seemed nonplused at ,
this, and looked quickly from one to
the other: finally he said:
"Will you allow me a moment to con
sult with mv master?"
"Very well, so that you do not hold
us long," replied the master of Ballen
geich. , \u25a0 .
"1 shall do my errand quickly, for at
this moment I am keeping the whole
nobility of Scotland waiting."
The man disappeared, taking, how
ever, the gold with him in a bag. In a
short space of time he returned, and
bowing to the two waiting men he
said:
"My master is anxious to please you,
Sir Lyndsay, and will acept the
money of your friend." • Whereupon
the two placed upon the table five gold
pieces each and the amount was cred
ited opposite their names upon the
parchment- w
The experiment was carried on pre»
cisely as Sir David had foretold, but
there was one weird effect which the
poet had not mentioned. When the ne
cromancer added to the melting-pot
huge lumps of what appeared to be
common soil from the field the mixture
glared each time with a new color.
Once a vivid violet color flamed up,
which cast such a livid death-like hue
on the faces of the knights there pres
ent that each looked upon the other in
obvious fear. Again the flame was
pure white; again scarlet; again blue-,
again yellow. When at last the incan
tation was complete the bellows-work
was stopped. The coruscating caldron
was lifted from the fire by an iron
hook and chain and set upon the stone
floor to cool, bubbling and sparkling
like a thing of evil; but the radiance
became duller and duller as time went
on, and finally its contents were poured
out into a mold of sand, and there con
gealing, the result was lifted by tongs
and laid upon the scale. The bag of
gold was placed again in the opposite
disk, but the heated metal far out
weighed it. The wizard then unlocked
a desk and threw coin after coin in the
pan that held the bag. until at last the
beam of the scale hung level. The sec
retary now pushed forward a table to
the edge of the platform, and on the
table placed a rush-light which served
but to illuminate the parchment before
him. With great rapidity l.c counted
the gold pieces which were not in the
bag, then whispered to his master.
The room was deathly still as the
man in scarlet stepped forward to
make his announcement.
"I regret," he said, "that our ex
periment has not been as successful as
I had hoped. This doubtless has been
caused by the poverty of the earth
from which I took my material.^ I
shall dig elsewhere against our next .
meeting, and then we may look for
better results. To-night I can return •
to you but double the money you gave
to mv treasurer."
At this there went up what seemed
to be a siKluof relief from the audi
ence, which had been holding its
breath with all the eagerness of a gam
bler who had made a stake and await
ed the outcome y of the throw.
The necromancer, taking the parch
ment, called out name after, name,
and as each title was enunciated the
bearer of it came to the edge of the
1 platform and received from the sec
retary double the amount of gold %
pieces set dowi>on the parchment. As
each man secreted his treasury he
passed along out of the hall; and so it
came about that Sir David and Bal
lengeich, being last on the list, re
ceived the remaining coins on the.ta
ble and silently took their departure.
The King spoke no word until they
'had entered the castle and were with
in his private room. Once there, the
first thing he did was to pull from his
pouch the coins he had received and
examine them carefully one By one.
"You will find them genuine," said
Sir David. "I had them Rested by a
goldsmith in Edinburgh and was as
sure^ the pieces are just what they
claim to be."
"Prudent man!" exclaimed the King,
throwing himself down on a seat and
jingling the gold pieces. "Well. Davie,
what do you think of it all? Give me
an opinion as honest as the coin. Has
our visit to-night then taught you
nothing, David?" --.... .
"Nothing but what I knew, before.
What has it taught your Majesty?"
"In the first place our charlatan
does not want the King to know what
he is doing, because when his subor
dinate refused me admittance and I
said to him I would appeal to the.
King he saw at once that this was se
rious and wished to consult his mas
ter. His master was then willing to.
admit any one so long as there was no
appeal to the King. I therefore sur
mise he is most anxious to conceal his
operations from me. What is your
opinion, Davie?"
"It would -seem that your -Majesty
is in the right."
"Then again, if he is & real scientist,
and has discovered an easy method of
producing gold and is; desirous to en-"
rich Scotland, why should he object to>
a plain fanner • like the : Guidman of
r-: -- .-:- - ' : '
r* (Copyright by Kobert Barr.)
ITC the dusk of the evening King
James went down the high street
of Stirling, keeping close to the
wall, as was his custom when about '
to pay a visit to his friend the cob
bler.
As he was about to turn out of the
main street he ran suddenly into the
arms of a man coming from the shop
of a clothier, who made costumes for
the court.
"Ea, Davie!" cried the King, "it's
surely late in the day to -choose the
colors for a new jacket."
"Indeed, your Majesty is in the
right," replied Sir David, "but I was
not selecting cloth; I was merely en
acting the part of an honest man and
liquidating a reckoning of long stand
ing."
"What, a poet with money!" ex
claimed the King. "Who ever heard
of such a thing? . Man Davie, you
'might share the knowledge of your
treasure house with a friend. Kings
are always in want of money. Is your
gold mine rich enough for two?" ;
The King spoke jocularly, placing
no particular meaning upon his words,
and if Sir David had answered in kind
James would doubtless thought no
more about the matter, but the poet
stammered and showed such evident
confusion that his Majesty's quick
suspicions were at once aroused.
"Davie." cried James, "you make a
Very poor conspirator."
"Indeed, your Majesty," replied the
poet earnestly, "no one is less of a
conspirator than L"
"Darts, you are hiding something
from me."
The knight was visibly perturbed,
but at last he answered:
"In this matter I am sworn to se
crecy."
"All secrets reveal themselves at the
King's command." replied James
sternly. "Speak out; speak fully, and
speak quickly."
"Well, there came some time since
to Stirling an Italian chemist, who
took up his abode and set up his sHop
in the abandoned refectory of the old
monastery. He is the author of many
wonderful inventions, but none inter
ests the court so much as the com
pounding of pure gold in a crucible
from the ordiuarv earth in the fields."
"I can well believe that." cried the
King. "I have some stout fighters in
my court, who fear neither man nor
devil In battle, yet who would stand
with mouth agape before a juggler's
tent. But surely, Davie, you, who
have been to the college and have
read much from the learned books,
are not such a fool as to be deluded
by that ancient fallacy, the transmuta
tion of any other metals into gold?"
Sir. Da.vid laughed uneasily.
"I d'd not say I believed it. your
Majesty, still a man must place some
credence in what his eye sees done, as
well as in what he reads from books;
and alter all the proof of the cudgel
is the rap on the head. I have be
held the contest, beginning with an
empty pot and ending with* a bar of
gold."
"Doubtless. I have seen a juggler
swallow hot iron, but I have never be
lieved it went down his throttle, al
though it appeared to have done so.
Did you get any share of the trans
muted gold ? That's the practical test,
my Davie."
"That is exactly the test your
barons applied. I doubt if their no
bilities would take much Interest in
a scientific experiment. Each man en
tering the laboratory pays what he
pleases to the money taker at the
table, but it must not be less than one
gold bonnet-piece. When all have en- .
tered the doors are closed and locked.
The amount of money collected is
weighed against small bars of gold
which the alchemist places in the op
posite ecale until the two are equally
balanced. This bar of gold he then
throws into the crucible."
"Oh, he puts the gold Into the cru
,'cible. does he? Where, then, is the
profit? I thought these necromancers
xnade gold from iron."
"Elgnor Farinl's method Is different,
your Majesty. He asserts that like
attracts alike and that the gold in the
crucible will take to Itself the minute
unseen particles which he believes ex
ist in all soils, the Intense heat burn
ing away the dross and leaving the
refined gold."
"I ccc: and how ends this experi
ment?"
"The residue is cooled and weighed.
Sometimes It is double the amount of
gold put In, sometimes treble; and I
have known him Opon occasion take
from the crucible quadruple the gold
of the bars, but never have I known
a melting: fall below double the
amount collected by the man at the
table. At the final act each noble
has returned to him double or treble
the p-old he relinquished on entering."
••Where, then, arises the profit to.
your Italian? I never knew these for
•lgners to work for nothing."
"He says he does it for love of Scot
land and hatred of England; an ancient
enemy Were but the Scottish nation
rich, he thinks they could the better
withstand incursions from the south."
"Well, Davie, that seems to me a
most unsubstantial reason. Scotland's
protection has been her poverty in all
except hard knocks. Were she as
wealthy as France it would be the
greater temptation for Englishers to
overrun the country. My grandfather,
James 111, had a black chest full of
e&id and Jewels, yet he was mur
dered, flying from defeat In battle.
When does this golden wizard fire his
caldron, Davie?" „
"To-night, your Majesty. That is
the reason the nobles of your court
were making sly haste to his domi
cile."
"Ah, and Sir David Lyndsay was
hurrying to the same spot so blindly
that he nearly overran his monarch."
"It is even so, your Majesty."
"Then am I hindering you from much
profit, and you must even blame your
self for being so long in the telling.
However, It is never too late to turn
one bonnet-piece into two. 'So, Davie,
lead the way, for I would see this
alchemist turn out gold from a pot as
a housewife boils potatoes."
"I fear, your Majesty, that the doors
will be shut."
"If they are, Davie, the King's name
will open them. Lead the way; lead
the way"
The doors were not shut, but were
just on the point of closing when Sir
David put his shoulder to them and
forced his way in, followed closely by
his companion. The King and his
henchman found themselves In a small
anttroom, furnished only with a bench
and a table; on the latter was a yellow
... .%. \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0- .\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 t.--it .--i .t
THE'^SANv FRANCISCO -^SUNDAY-- CABIIt /
THE KING'S
GOLD
ROBERT BARRa a f"f"»Hl5 task of the public officials
• I lo the making of a city," Com-
I missioner Aigeltinger is tr»
JL ing to tell me, "Is very much
v the same as the task of a man who is
JBSiclng a home for his family— only on
a larger scale. Tha family man has to
work with——"
"Br-r-rl" — goes the telephone at his
; elbow with a. demand, I inter, for spe
, cific Instructions about some street
work somewhere. At any rate, the spe
•i&a instructions so Into the receiver
1 -. ' . ' -
We all have it in greater or less de
gree, and usually take it out for exer
cise only when we are away from home
and iVi contact with the civic pride of
other people.
, "This can be made the finest city on
earth," says Commissioner Algeltlnger's
civic pride, and it is this faith that
sends him out after and between office
• hours; .to "examine* into the needs and
possibilities of the city.
"Just 'like a man who is making: a
; home for his family," he > says going
I back to his' original Illustration, "the
Officials of a city must look out not
only for the needs of the present, but
for those of the future.
r "The wonderfully rapid growth of San
Francisco arid the promise of \u25a0 even
greater growth jn the future are very
urgently . demanding some pretty big
improvements to be made right now.
"The first requirement of a great city
is convenient highways— easy " outlets
for* the business traffic and easy out
lets for its population to the pleasure
grounds.
VThese two things San Francisco
needs already, and already some of
them are under way.
"All any one has to do to get an idea
of the city's needs is to go south of
Market street and see how congested
the streets are during the busy hours,
or stand on Market street and see the
tangle of trucks and delivery wagons
with- miscellaneous vehicles, or even
just .try to -cross Market street in a
hurry.
"The city's business has grown be
yond its conveniences and so we must
make more conveniences.
, "This is particularly true of the dis
trict south of Market street. The great
increase in business traffic has shown
trie streets to be too narrow. We are
already at work widening Fourth
street, cutting down the sidewalks to^
widen the driveway.
"This same thing must be done on the
other 'streets south of Market that are
business arteries.' There are fifteen miles
of streets In that section of the city that
must be widened in order to meet the r'e
| quirements of business traffic. They can
be made eight feet wider by cutting down
the sidewalks four feet on each side.
Then they must be paved with basalt
blocks on asphalt— the necessary pav
ing for streets where there is heavy
traffic. The basalt blocks can stand the
wear and tear and the asphalt reduces
the noise, vibration and jar of travel.
"It will cost about $20,000 a mile to do
this, and there are, as I said, about fif
teen miles : of streets waiting right now
to be widened and paved. And this Is
just one item in the ljst of improvements
San Francisco needs.
"The utilities must be considered first—
the business prosperity of the city .de
mands that; and along this line the city
need* sex-eral outlets 'for its traffic, to di
vert It from Market street, to avoid ! the
difficult grades and to increase the ac
cessibility of different sections of the
city.
"The northern and . northwestern sec
tions-of the city -are difficult of access
on'account of the hills. On this account
one thing 'that the city needs is the
boulevard along J'the water front . from
the foot «f . Market street to Fort Mason.
i Such a ': boulevard will give an easy out
let to; that side of '-'.the city ;_arid take the
heavy trucks and delivery, wagons off
Market : street; and : it will also beautify
.the city/, It Is 'planned to : make this with
a driveway/ sixty feet wide and sidewalk
fifteen feet wide, with trees on both sides.
,: In:! addition 'to being of great ~ : - business
value, it "; will offer a \ sort of pleasure
ground, ; f6r where a ,the \ water . front "is
. open : benchei can , be \u25a0 placed * under . the
-. trees for } people who ; want to see the
beauty, of the bay; IV; ;
'i "To give ; an [ outlet to traffic from; tho
'city" center Tenth 'street Is. to be widened,
as well as Fourth • street, and ', Mission is
to be widened to Jllntn. \u0084 t - .
"For all that lower section of the city
between the water front and Fourth
street and south of Market, with its great
business interests, there is now no con
venient highway. What it needs is a
boulevard offering an outlet into San
Bruno and San Mateo County, where the
city promises to extend in its prosperous
future. Such a boulevard is already
mapped out along natural lines.
"Fourth street; already being widened,
will be its beginning', and 'it will run .
along Fourth street," then along Ken
tucky street, then ,along Railroad ave
nue, all adequately widened, right out to
the shell road in San Bruno.
"This boulevard will afford a splendid
outlet -and will at the same time make
our big shipbuilding interests and dry
docks and iron works convenient to tour-
ists, most of whom are interested in see
ing them when they visit San^ Francisco.
This is an improvement that "will supply
a present need as well as meet a future
requirement, and the requirement of a
not very distant future.
"In considering improvements in this
section it would be well to have Channel
street dredged and banked with a re
taining wall, after the fashion of Euro
pean cities.
"A little farther up town the conges
tion can again be relieved by the wid
ening of Tenth street to Potrero ave
nue, which is in itself a fine wide thor
oughfare.
"Mission street offers another con
venient outlet into San Mateo " County,
and it has already been widened from
College Hill to the county line into a
fine driveway of eighty feet in width.
"Nineteenth avenue also is to be ex
tended, the Supervisors having appro
priated the money for that purpose. It
Is to be extended to connect with the
Colma road, and as it runs directly
into Ocean avenue It offers a way into
and out of San Mateo County that is
free from heavy grades and Is conse
quently especially valuable to autorao
billsts.
"Boulevards and extensions such as
these are needed now in the present de
velopment of the city and as a prepara
tion for its future would be a real
economy, as well as an impetus to de
velopment.
"Every great city needs pleasure
grounds, of course, and one of its first
duties to Its population Is to give easy '
access.. to such .pleasure grounds, to
bring: them near the people.
"For the future San Francisco our
ocean beach offers an unparalleled play
ground and before it is too late the
highways leading to it must be made'
as easy and attractive as possible.
• "One of the'flrst things to do is to
make a boulevard to the ocean, con
necting Corbett road with Ocean ave
nue and' widening and beautifying
both. This will make one of the most
beautiful of city drives. Ocean avenue
should be made 120 feet wide and Cor
bett road increased to eighty feet^Thls
boulevard should be macadamized like
the park roads, and oiled, and should
have sidewalks, with trees and benches.
It can be accomplished at an outlay of
about $40,000, at an outside estimate,
arid will be a highway of priceless ben- -.
efit to this city^ in the future.
'. -'There should, of course, b,e a boule
vard to the ocean on each side of Gold
en Gate Park, and already the making
of these is under wayi H street, for
the convenience of residents on . the
south side of the park and Fulton street
for those on the north side. These are
to be „ macadamized and \u25a0 to be bordered
with,, trees if the property owners will
combine to plant them. These streets
are each four and a half miles long and
thus would add nine miles to the city's
beautiful -driveways, at an outlay of
not more than $60,000."
-.' CoHaroissioner'Alg'eltinger. the while
he is talking facts and figures In his
'matter-of-fact business way, is run
ning an index flosrer over a map of San
... ... ...
Francisco, along these coming boule
vards and highways, and I am con
structing in my miild a glorified San
Francisco, where it Is possible to go
from point to point with ease and dla
patch — an almost unbelievable San
Francisco.
"How long," I inquire a little anx
iously, wondering if I shall survive for
the accomplishment of the dream, "how
long will it take to do all this?"
"About— -let me see," , half shutting
'his shrewd, practical business eye*, and
putting his thumbs in his waistcoat
pockets during the mathematical pro
cess, "just about three years. Yea, I
think it will take all of three years."
Somehow the nearness of the consum
mation, the possibility of participating;
in the benefits of such improvements,
gives a vital interest.
Of course it is very lovely to do
things for posterity, but It Is far more
stimulating to do them for yourself—
alas that human nature is so selfish.
So I ask. with a very real interest,
how it is to be done.
"Well," explains the practical business
man. "the necessity for and the desira
bility of these improvements being recog
nized by the Board of Works, wo gat
plans and specifications for the work to
be done, recommend them to the" Super
visors and ask for an appropriation— not,
of course, for an appropriation for the
whole thing, but for the amount of work
that can be done in a year. Then we get
the appropriation for the yeaj>-lt is put
into the budget for the year, you see.
"Then we get the authorization to spend*
the money appropriated.
"The plans and specifications are pre
pared in detail and ' submitted to tha
Board of Supervisors. They approve.
"Of course, I am only telling you wi.it
the process is," comments Commissioner
Aigeltlnger, without & suspicion of hu
mor, unless It be & passing twinkle in tho
very business-like eyes.
\u2666'Then we let a contract to do the work;
see that everything is done according to
the specifications— that all the tradings.
the materials and everything are as sped
fled; the city accepts the work, add— that
iaalL"
"Tho *ftt"y la done ? The> boulowds *ra
Put in this very matter-of-fact -any. ft
.sounds very attractive— tha thinf seoma
as good as done!
"How much will it cost-all et ttV I
ask as an afterthought. *V.}
"Well, I guess it can be done Inside of
half a million."
"And who will pay for Itr'
"The city; of course— and the property
owners. In the case of the boulevard
along the water front the property own
ers will pay half, and the city and Har
bor Commission will divide the other half
between them. The entire boulevard will
cost not more than $10,000, so that tho
cost to the city will not be very great."
"But will the property owners be enthu
siastic enough, when It comes to going
down into their own pockets, to refrain
from fighting the project?"
"Why, it is easier to get the property
owners to make improvements than it 13
to get tha consent of the city and the
'money from tha city funds. An intelli
gent property owner appreciates the fact
that such Improvements increase the
value of his property, and be is not only
willing-, but he is even anxious, to find the
money— sometimes."
I don't know if Commissioner Aigel
tinger sees the property owner in the
glow shed by his own civic pride and en
thusiastic optimism, but I am quite «ure
that it is a civic pride and an optimism
so inspiring of confidence that I am
half tempted on my way down town to
order an auto so as not to be caught un
ready by the coming benefits.
Frivolity aside, however. Commissioner
Aigel tinker's plans are plans that surely
must appeal to the civic pride and inter
est, of every San Franciscan, with or
without an auto—or a bicycle.
S'.-<-.7t»«---. *
for a moment, Mr. Algeltinger? There's
a' woman .there who says-f — ;'*
"Excuse me — 'just ONE minute," apol
ogizes Miv Aigcltinger for the 'stcenth
time, disappearing into the front office.
I know that "front office." On two
Bides of It 'there, are rows of chairs
. nailed to a uniting board — the ingeni- •
ous official way of keeping the visiting
. public in its place. On these rows of
chuirs are men and women— men im- i
.patiently\*taking out of. and returning
to Inside pockets wallets of most offi
cial-looking documents; women, usu
ally grim women in rusty black, rierv-.
ously clutching black bags full \u25a0 of
papers, also very official-looking, or
timorous, fluffy women starting up eag
erly from the chair-edge on which they
perch, hoping each time it is released *.
to catch the car of the Commissioner
in evidence.
The front office is the receiving sta
tion for the troubles of the public. > .
' I despair when that front office cap
tures my Commissioner. I see my in
terview go glimmering. I s wish, too
late, that I had made an appointment
out of office hours. % j
It is so human to borrow trouble —
and this time so needless.
For, even according to promise, in
"just one minute" Mr. Aigeltlnger is
back in his private' office— the little,,
. bare, glass-partitioned cubby hole
fenced off from one of those cavernous,
dwarfing City Hall chambers, quite un
ruffled, picking up, the thread of dis
course where he left off, going on
- smoothly from comma to semicolon, in
fepite of the bombardment of interrup
tions, with that undisturbed practical
ity and ilrm grasp of the subject that
makes tho masculine mind the wonder
and envy of womankind.
All sorts of troubles of the public filter
in— the trivialities of the city's house
keeping: this man wants a building per
mit, that one a hole in a street attended
to, another would build a fence and a
third petitions that he may not be al- v
lowed to for.it is "only a spite fence";
a woman; protests she is not ready to
stand the expense of a sidewalk on her:
property ; frontage, somebody wants a
job and presents a parcel of indorse
ments, a man' with. a $200-lot on the
ragged edge of the city boundary de
mands as the right of a taxpayer some =
streets cut through and paved,
so that he may reach his lot conveni
ently.
fl'had a nebulous y notion that" the
higher public officials— commissioners
and things— sat in stately seclusion en
gaged in wire-pulling— whatever that
is. ; V,-. i i
. This is not at all in, accordance with
- my notion— this rapid-fire business.
Why, this portly," practical, neatly
groomed, most unromantic man of busi
ness before me is working as hard and
energetically as though he _wero work
inig for himself. \u25a0• . 'v] ;
... ; I wonder where there is time for any- .
thing except these ' pressing affairs of
the moment,* of insistent triviality and
detail. •.
"Our office hours are from nine to
f6ur, v oifnciaHy, but these things alone
very often rkeep^ua, busy from eight to
tlx, and to get anything else done— on '
bigger things— -we fare often f here until
half-past nine at night."
And it: is the /bigger things," I; find, :
that absorb 'Commissioner. Aigeltlnger. ,
v These ' iewfer .' things, these details of the ,
day's " work V are merely '^ the } routine : of \u25a0
official life. :*Therbiggerthirigs'' are its
pleasure and \ inspiration, } and purpose.
i •;\u25a0•>, civic': pride" is ,\u25a0 a 'cuirU>u>;tain«. \u25a0 ~,
THE,; SAN, FRANCISCO .".\u25a0 SUNDAY- CALX.,
GETTING SAN FRANCISCO READY
FOR HER MATURITY
without delay, "right off the reel.^and
Commissioner Aigeltlnger * resumes i as
easily as though he had only paused to
pick a thread off bis lapel: .";
. "The family man has to, work with
the means at hand to meet his present
needs, he has to Increase the capa
city and convenience of the home as
the family grows, to beautify it when
the necessities are provided for, and he
has to prepare for the demands of the
future upon* it. - . . : .
"No w. that- is . iusr \u25a0 what th* nub) lc
officials mnst do for a city. Here In
San Francisco— — " " '
, "Mr. Aigel tinger, • this • gentleman,"
and a card comes In, "has called' about
that.— -*• . \u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0'• \u25a0 ': \u25a0 \u25a0 •'
"Yes," cays Mr. Algeltlnger, leaving
me alone with the madly ringing: 'phone
for the seven minutes It takes to smooth
out a" neighborhood .difference and
squeeze back some bow windows with
in the building line. \u25a0
"Here , In San * Francisco," he goes on
from the last [period, "the city's 'growth
has been bo rapid that the needs of the
present; are', very pressing:, arid : - .the
needs of i the future are * very •..-"«irWent. 1
With the "growth; of business -the traf
flb has ; so Increased that ' "'\u25a0'-. /';
. "Can; you. «t«>r into the 'front \u25a0 oflLcearoused me. I glanced about. The car.
was empty.
It-.waa possibly a year later. Never In
the Interim,- although I was faithful' to
the 3 o'clock; did. the Voice reach me, and
gradually the incident of the couple and
the Voice faded from my recollection.
Then • one early morning as I waited at
.Fourth and Ellis streets. for the 3 o'clock
a patrol wagon was clanging up to- where
an officer. held- ai struggling young worn
,an against' a ; telegraph pole. A curious,
contemptuous throng of nightbawks were
standing by watching the scene indiffer
ently." It was too common an "occurrence
of the night life to cause them more* than
Idle; concern. Just another vag going off
for ; a night at the city's expense. How
ever; curiosity -got the" better of me and
I walked up and addressed the officer.
"Oh, it's only Dotty," he said, "Got on
another, rampage to-night She's got the
D. T.s and about on* more jag and It's
curtains for her."
Like a sack of rotten potatoes thrown
to -the: garbage heap was she flung rough
ly Into the patrol wagon, it clattered off;
the throng disappeared; the 3 o'clock
slowed down and I Jumped aboard. Some
thing, about the features of the girl
haunted me. A busy year will efface
many memories and the memory of even
the name of Dot had escaped . me. And
yet something about the blear-eyed, foul
visaged figure was vaguely familiar. She
possessed the common stamp of the fallen
Dot off. I never knew Just wher#/
lived; it wa3 across the , Panhant*
"It, was a long time after that *
fore I saw any of them again. Th^° \u25a0
day the father and mother of Dotbo»
ed me out at Lyon street. They had
cases In their hands and they \?
dressed ror traveling. They were* v
silent and ouiet and I saw the m« l '
sink her eyes to her lap until the n«IJ
borhood was left far from Sigh|. It *
a different woman, though, than I *
carried on those happy little \u25a0•xciiril',
to the b«acb. Her face was lined d«
with line 3 of care and worry and ut
apathy; while the father, beyond
little thinness and a tense drawing
the lips, had changed little. Haw«i
back of hl3 eyes one could read the U
will of an all-consuminaf pride; a pr
th3t w^uld never permit the bleed:
of his heart to show outwardly.
"They transferred down Market
the ferry. From the brief remarks t!
they passed I gathered that they w
golag to New York to live. Dot's na
never passed their lips.
-After that I caught occaslo
glimpses of Dot For a brief period I
fresh beauty, cast up against
brazen beauties of the night life. •
for her some short reign as Queen
the Tenderloin. But she was never
tended for such a life. It require
predominance of animal vitality to
woman to stand that constant debau
.THE,;- SAN ;>; FRANGISGO :, SUNDAY ,' T GALt,
woman: a hard, sordid, selfish face, _ a
ready flow of vulgarity; the bestial pre
dominant. Then suddenly, as a young
couple took the seat opposite to me, the
whole scene of a year before flashed be
fore.me; X recalled the officer's words,
and then I knew that it had been Dot.
the Owl ,v., v . Car's protege. Instinctively I
quickened myself to catch th© Voice, for
there was a commotion at Mason street.
I knew it must come, now; and it came.
It came as before, in slow, measured
cadences, with its tinge of sadness a
trifle more accentuated, if anything, than
before. : Otherwise it was as the voice
of the very agea, into whose expression
seldom. 'comes any new tone of sorrow
or Joy. '
" "You see the product of . that night."
' the Voice said, wearily. "I have watched
ilt for a year. : It has been the regular
> thing; lately \ to lock her up. Like most
I of them who begin your j." she has caved
(in early. But perhaps you would like to
learn of her during the year? There
I Isn't much, though, after all; not much to
l one .who' knows how these things go. Still,
for any one who doesn't there Is a fruit
ful , lesson. But I desj ilr of. preaching.
I People do not want preaching these days. ;
> They are so fatuously bound up .with
I their* pride and their greed and is
norance that soon they will slap God fa
mllir -ly upon the shoulder and" invite him
In . for a drink. .
''Affairs went rapidly from bad to
'worse after that night. It was prob
*.ably a.weelc later ti when ahe.was com-
ins home late one night, sodden as
> usual, that ? her father, on a quiet search,
I entered \u25a0\u25a0. the car. .The degenerate who
I t was ; With ,'Dot' made good hl» escape.
} I- think; the .bullet' missed him by ' a
\ fraction of an Inch. The>fathe"r Jumped
I 'off Jthe {car af ter^ hlm, v but the - fellow
I noade • away In the darkness of the Pan
( handle. ; -Of course we waited untU the
•father 'returned to the car and took
cry. She lacked it. So she broke d
fast, until In one year she was r>
for the potter's field, the scarlet 1»
of shame burnt deeply into her 1
and souL"
The Voice came to me 50 nrore,
ever did. At a time when it .to
again have, reached me. a fine. :
modern ear was upon the 3 o'c
run.. Often since. I have thought
perhaps old 3 o'clock was glad en<
to be relegated to less tense fields.
It was possibly six weeks # Ute:
was down at the headquarters of
night police reporters at the Hal
Justice, seeking a little diversion
ter work. The aiorgua wagon
away. In an hour it had returned,
we gathered lazily around to see
fruits: "floater." suicide, or vie
death. Whatever It might be of
flotsam of a city's wretchedness
misery. It would serve as a bit
grist, larger or smaller, for the
satiate maw of the presses.
It proved to be a carbolic add sul
another courtesan, weary of the g
The Morgue attendant, with deft and
perienced hands, searches the garn
for mark's of identification. He cr
Jokes meantime. We smoke silently
somewhat tiredly. for it is near to fa
the morning. Suddenly the deft-flna
attendant grunts; a very unusual t
far a Morgue attendant.
"Humph. Goin* some for a rag."
look Idly up. He is. holding up a 1
tiny, jeweled locket that had been tl<
chained about her neck with a thin
chain. With rough. profeastohalfnV
he unclasps the catch. \ ; -•-»-
There "they were: the three a£ th
Father, Mother, and the little Dot v
was in! those happy Panhandle days,
golden curls clustering gloriously art
her white, pure forehead. Th© insert]
read: "To Dot; from Papa and Manu
- • . . . - • - ' - -. i -**-,: \u25a0 .•-...\u25a0•
Again the Voice trailed. away into rev
erje. I gianced across the aisle. l The girl
was nodding. in a drunken sleep. But the
man, alive and alert, was still close be
side her. He would "date" her before he
left her for another night, " and so the
foul work would go on until she was pol
luted. But he was cunning, too; he would
walk her up and down the Panhandle un
til she was freshened up and tired and
could <"run a bluff I ' 'about her enforced
absence. He would find fresh water, too,
and ' see that she washed . her mouth and -
drank and killed the 1 " fumes. ;He
knew his business; it was evident, from
the certain braggadocio, devil-may-care
coarseness that displayed itself in his
thick, sensuous lips and \u25a0"- his low, flat
brow. - . .
And Dot— she looked as a violet, a little,
timid, wildwood violet, suddenly thrust
into sewage and held up, draggled and
f ouK All , the ethereality of the soul had
been drunk to. death; never In life would
\u25a0 that soul look forth" again from those
eyes . : with the \u25a0 purity that it had . looked
forth as she stood upon the corner, in the
evening,, bathed in the benediction of the
reverent moon.. •
So' I :. sat engrossed in my own thoughts
and the -.Voice reached me.no more." It
was the • conductor "calling my street .that
\u25a0
automobiles to care to see them get
out— out by tne Panhandle way.
It is altogether too easy a run out to
the ocean beach on a moonlight night;
altogether too easy to linger there In
the moonlight; altogether too easy to
be coaxed into taking the first drink
away from home, probably no more
harmful than ginger ale, but yet the
first drink taken with a stranger or
away from, the influence of home or
kin. And it is altogether too invariable
that a little drop of whisky or brandy
Is secretly added. Soon the young and
inexperienced, girl finds herself less
prone to . question the lateness of the
hour; the insidious liquor bites deeply.
Her moral courage Is weakened through
no fault of her own. She oegins to find
the thing a lark. She then wonders at
herself for a moment, duily; but the
fumes sink deeper; 1 the leaven of
whisky has been made stronger. Con
science is lavished into slumber. Now It
Is cocktails and whisky straight. ' The
bird is snared. Then, with Satan at the
wheel, the machine is headed for the Ten
derloin, and the chasms of hell. 'A'little
care-a little cunnlng-a little craft-and
the procurer reaps his fee and the ma
dame reaps the rest."
\u25a0';, .But .i after ; all -the sensitive: man v has:
the advantage of . his' phlegmatic broth-.
er \u25a0In -his ;respbrisiveriess",; toV;:mahy^
sources ?of J Joy ? which -do not '.r appeal *to
.the \u25a0 latter. It -is true as thefpoet : has
said:;- _ ' ', - ;V\'-~ ~ '\" < -' .--'- -
"Never.-. the,;. exqui«lt«. pain, -"\u25a0
Then' never; the ."exquisite ; bliss, . '\u25a0•,;,
For 1 the ; hearty that ; is dead to that - - ** -V ::
Is sealed to- the 'rapture', of thi«.'!i.
; the fires of a glorious sunset "are .
burning In the western sky; .when v a
thrilling story \of self-sacrifice is related ,
in your hearing;' when you stand Jn that
famous room at Dresden .consecrated .to
the" Sistlne Madonna ; *whenj a heroic !deed
is enacted before ~ your eyes; when : a'
strong patriotic -or," religious V [ impulse .
move's an 'entire • community, then ; ; you
niaywelMbank God*if your nerves tingle,
your; pulse beats fast, ahd"your : whole i be
ing /responds and you ; realize .what
ecstasy i t \u25a0is to be : all ve. ;/ .'\u25a0
The thin-skinned * man, then, * has rea
sons 5 for.; gratitude provided he does not
\u25a0 let. hJs : sensitiveness run away -with him.
Beware Jest " it -become a'disgulsed selfish- ,
: ness r : Too of ten ,we pity ourselves because
/we" are so sensitive, ought to be
: .; condemning ourselves for an excess of
; pride and self-seeking. .-"\u25a0 The only cure for
- this (fault is/ tolreverse matters. -Demand
'little "of others, give them much.' Remem-'
\u25a0 \u25a0 ber , too, ; that - the way : to rise above the
little, vexations; to } which the sensitive
: man>Js constantly subject is to direct the
life -toward^ and toTcenter \, the '\u25a0' interest
tipon; greats big; ;nbble". c6ncerns.Ti- Don't
j glue your eyes to the i plains, lift them' to
the Himalayas. 11 ' \u25a0; Henry ?; Ward \u25a0 Beecher
, ohce.saldiof Phillips that all the
T darts hurled '/at - him • never ; reached the
.' man ; : he I lived ~ above • them. . Should ' not \
, that ; be i the -ambition and effort \ of . every
. sensitive man? V - \u25a0:\u25a0', THE > PARSON. V '
care"- attitude when as a public \ ofR-'
cial he is accused of all sorts »\u25a0 of
crimes? He never lies awake nights
because he -does not get "Invited to
Jones' party; he never frets and fumes
because he ; Is not made \u25a0as much of ; in
the neighborhood, as he thinks he
ought to be. - He malrita'lns^his serenity
and I usually- has a \u25a0 pretty good' time.V
IS It or is It not an advantage to a
man to, be thin-skinned, quick to
see and to resent real or; fancied
slights, stung by petty criticism,
wounded by a joke, hurt, by r a wh'ls
>per? . . v,'
y How much such a person suffers!. If
\ Neighbor Jone3 makes a -party and' he
left out .he is sore over it /for a
week. If John Smith gets more \ votes
ffor a position of honor in 'the church,*
Uhe lodge,' or the community the: seri-
Vsltive man ; sulks over the situation and
about being unappreciated.
) If his wife forgets to prepare for his
\ supper the dainty tit-bit i of l which) he
.is so. fond ; he makes a; silent* memor
andum; of the; fact, 'if ho is a gentle- :
> man, i and > if, he is not 'a gentleman ; he".
) blurts out a s harsh remark. \ Sensitive- 1
ness «xlsts >t , all- stages '.• of :: 5 life;- but
| the sensitive child and the sensitive old
person -are-: particularly to - ' live
> with. Undoubtedly they suffer, much,'
> but it is -Just; as true' that' they, make
| other people suffer, too.
,- Put \u25a0 over against -these- human bun
dles^ of • sensitiveness X the . '\ phlegmatic'
I man; and -who does not sometimes Ten" vy
, his ; thlckness^of ; skin, this Inability to
see, muchi less :f pfsi; criticism unless iit
>is applied with'iP knife' or,: a ' hammer; v
i his coolness under fire, his " "devil-may- -,
father on their little Sunday excur
sions; with her little playmates on
their play days at the ocean beach.
Then later I carried her back and forth
to school. Her father was as sturdy
and God fearing a man as ever glad
dened a true woman's heart, and her
mother was the fit mate for the man
hood of him. The little girl was the
only child; and though I say this as
shouldn't, I suspect it was destined to
be their only child, for as the years
rolled by the light of hunger grew in
their eyes as other mothers and other
fathers entered with their children,
three and four, and five — and never
they entered with other than one."
The Voice ceased for a moment, and
it seemed that there was nothing in
all life save the Immensity and the
awfulness of the tragedy being acted
out before my eyes; the tragedy of a
vase, far, far more precious than Chal
dean ceramic, destined so soon to
crash down from Its shrine about two
heart broken votaries, spilling out all
the glorious roses of hope and pride
and ambition to mildew and decay.
The Voice continued. "And yet, even
out there, out in the beautiful park,
where the little birds sing of peace and
love and content, and the flowers and
the trees, attaining to rich, ripe frulta
tlon, teach the beneficence of God to
those who never question Him. and the
sweet sunshine and the fresh breezes
from the ocean all lovingly conspire to
keep the mind sweet and pure and
wholesome and away from evil influ
ences—even there the serpent entered;
even there the tempter found oujt my
little Dot"
Again the Voice ceased, and, lost in
painful meditation, I . offered np Inter
ruption. Finally it came again, as the
voice comes of one who suddenly
catches himself out of a melancholy
reverie.
"It all happened no later than this
evening. And from the last glimpse I
had of her I knew the Inevitable re
sult, so to see her now does not sur
prise, but only saddens me.
"She had walked, I think, to the Junc
tion for some little purchases and was
returning home. The night, as you
know, was beautiful and moonlight.
As I had switched around at the ter
minal she had stepped across to the
park entrance and stood there for a mo- .
ment, full in the light of the glowing
moon. There was something ethereal
enhalolng her — Just a wisp of a
curl wafted about her clear forehead,"
just a glimpse of the young and inno
cent soul In her eyes, looking In awe,
upon the majesty of the night — she,
symbolized ideal maidenhood in all of
Its timid tenderness; the was herself. a
part of that pure scene.
"I left the terminal and was rounding
the Page-street curve, watching for the
last glimpse I should have of her that
evening-, as I thought, when I saw her
accosted by a man in- an automobile. '
Whether "she knew him or ; hot. I .'do' I
not know; my last glimpse of her was, 1
as she began to. climb in. It haunted me. '
"I have seen too many girls enter I
*T OU may say that I fell asleep; I
/ I will not dispute you. It would be
M obviously too profitless.
y^l It was the three o'clock owl car
- that I took that morning:, the one
I always caught on my late nigrhts
at the office. I remember quite distinctly
that the car was lightly laden. I remem
ber also that a coup.© ~ot on at Mason
street. The girl was very young, hardly
sixteen, 1 should say. and at no late date
must have possessed a face of singular
sweetness and repose. The man was the
regular characterless specimen of a
Tenderloin floater.
The whole horrible story was told in her
flushed, hectic cheeks and her abnor
cai.y bright eyes. She staggered as she
fell into her seat and laughed loudly—
the loud, chilling laugh of alcohol com
ing through lips that perhaps before that
night had never known, other than the
care-free laugh of light-hearted sixteen.
The roue leaned over to her with what in
other situations might have been the
commending smile of a pleased Instructor
to an apt pupil, but with what was merely
an evil leer: "Well, kido. beats Sunday
Echaol, eh?" "Sure thing." she replied.
"That's what I call life." Her reply
came out with such a r" J *". miserable at
tempt at familiar camaraderie that it was
pitiful. Undoubtedly the man had made
his point; another girl was started on tne
primrose path of dalliance; a young girl
in her early slxte«ns. before judgment,
character or perce ons had formed,
trusted to her ow will through the crim
inal carelessness, the misplaced trust, or
the cruel indifference of her parents.
Then It was. while speculating, half
nauseated, upon the sad tragedy of the
thing, and wondering why no law could
be framed that would hang these- Ten
derloin perverts, that the Voice of the
Owl Car broke In upon my meditations.
At first It cams like a subtle essence, or
an Intangible- odor that one having ex
perienced once vainly tries to place. It
was aot the defined utterance of worda;
it was rather emanations from, the en
compassing space. It was as one might
catch from the midst of a dense throng,
the voice of a friend, and essay futilely
to place It. And yet It was Insistent, pa
tient and certain. Then at last I re
ceived the Voice; my system. In some tel
epathic way. attuned Itself to the thing
in the void that held its message -for me
and It was clearer then than the voice
of the quick. It cams slowly, easily,
without halt or hesitation, in measured
Impulses; and yet, I thought, a trifle sad
ly. It was as the voice might be of one
aged, and bent and ripe in all experi
ence, who. having sounded the depth of
human Joy and woe. Bits far upon his
height and surveys the mad struggle
beneath him. Realizing the futility of
passion, the worthlessness of sham, the
hypocrisy of shew, and understanding too
late that content Is the only goal, he sur
veys mournfully the pathos of the mad,
misdirected struggles going oa far be
neath him for the Ideals of mammon and
the flesh.
"Yes," the Voice said, "You see It too.
Surely it is horrible; more horrible than
you with your youth, ana despite your
newspaper experience, can realize."
I made no answer In words; but my ac
quiescence was conveyed subtly and sure
ly, and the Voice continued:
"I have marked you often and often I
have tried to reach you; but it has re
mained for to-night, when your soul was
restless at this pitiable sight, for me to
penetrate to your consciousness. It is
Indeed a sad, cad story. Before to-night
the soul of that girl was purer than the
soul of a vestal virgin; now she has
been debauched and her soul has fled In
horror from its shrine.
"Her name is Dot Years ago I was on
the day run and many a time have I
smiled to myself flying past the Panhan
dle to see her playing happily there with
her little comrades.
"I always felt honored when, she was
ou zny car. My gong rang with a glad
der beat; my motors whirred more Joy
ously, my wheels ran? to the rail Joints
with merrier rhythm. For many years
I carried her; with ' her mother down
town chopping; with her mother and
5f Sermon for 'Parents.
THE
SENSITIVE
MAN.
THE TALE THAT THE
OWL CAR
TOLD: SAN-FRANGISGOi:SUNDiVy^GAI^
Q^HOMAS JEFFERSON JONES was
I a statesman; that is to -say, he
I had never-held office. When a'
I man has once been elected to any
•* thing he is bound" to" become
either a politician or a martyr. It
might be possible for a. man to be right
and President and popular all at the
same time, but in the lower strata, of ;
the political formations the effort is not
likely to meet with either success or.
general approval. ; If this were not the
case, there would be so many honest
men In office that they w'ouldput in all
their time throwing bouquets at them
selves and keeping an eye on each
other so that they -would never get any
thing done. Rascals come Jiigh, but
they have to make a bluff \t earning
their salaries and they provide work
for «rrand Juries and keep the deputy
marshals from going to sleep on their
beats.
But to get back to Thomas Jefferson
before he escapes. As we said above,
he wr.B a statesman. What he didn't
know about the science of government
wouldn't have been enough to furnish a
working equipment for a woman's club
and his knowledge- was never al^wed
to grov.- stiff in the knets from lack of
exercise. Every time there was a fair
chance he would bring out his voice
and spray language around over every
thing.in sight. As a result of this prac
tice he succeeded In convlncing.a num
ber of people that the world had been
putting In most of its time hitherto sit
ting around on its heels and waiting, for
him to come along and tell it what wag
what and why. It's a well-known psy
chological fact that" you, can make peo-*
pie believe almost anythlng : if. you: keep
telling them lonff -enough; that's r the
way a great many men acquire a front
seat In the temple of fame. If they were
to wait till they were invited^ in : they
would never .get past, the' bouncer at
the door.
It happened that after" a time, the peo
ple in-Thomas Jefferson's. OongressionaJ
district .became .weary, and ' iIL a.t ease ,
with their (mis) Representative In Con
gress.' It: was. currently- believed ; th"at
he -was! in- the!' employ vof. \u25a0 .the wrony,
trust,, which is ; almost, as great a mis
take as not to' be in the -employ of any.
Constituents! will stand-for a good' deal, '
but they insist on seeing -the Ideal., So li
fell out that when Thomas Jefferson
blew down among them and announced
that he had. been foreordained .by fate : :
and his professor of political <!-onomj'"
to. lay. violent 'hands- on ! the- htlm -and.
steer the.old ship through the storms of '
corruption and : past the dangerous',
reefs of a treasury surplus they rose as
one manand decided to=give liinic try.
The American people are noted for t hoii
willingness-to. prive any ; man ; ;i ; run for.
his money; what they, dislikes' id to j^iv >
lilmaru:) for theirs,
"'The' campaign' was a ftiort but tur
bulent * one.-: Thomas Jefferson had his
opponent traveling,- in a•• general south- %
crly^ direction from -the first tap ,of \u25a0 the
bell, , and when ..the votes; were counted
there wasn't enough left of the: other fel
low to ' write ar^de'eent. 'obituary about/:
Thomas', strong -point" in the campaign-,
was \u25a0 his ;, hatred of 'the .dread! octopus;."
which \ he ; feelingly declared j was gnawing -
the ; vitals iof American - institutions,, to
>ay, nothing^ of.- sapping? their "life-blood," ':.
undermining their,; foundations,*, violatlng>
their -traditions; arid, doing: sundry^' other, r
unpleasant \u25a0! things tojthem not .contcm- i V
plated : by the •' fathers -of , the ; constitution,' 1 . .
orthe mothers, either,- for ; the matter of '
that. , .It ; may -. be ,[ seen \u25a0 from ;, this , that \
American institutions : were In \u25a0a" bad way ."
when Thomas- Jefferson broke. into, the.;
game. .It was his intention as soon as his
feet were safely within ttie ; sacred por-,
tate-of the legislative, halls: of .the natjon
to Institute proceedings against the octo
pus i that vwould not 1 halt-'nor slacken: till
he had . the : beasts hide ; on the nearest .
bush. .This was fun for. the voters, but
it " promised .-: to* be warm for .the poor,
overworked' octopus. -' :
- ' True to his . pledge to his constituents,
Thomas .-:\u25a0 Jefferson, signalized his -entry'
into the legislative arena by reeling. off ; a
collection of* more -or less I related | words
that took ;up - twenty-five - p*ages . in <the
Congressional : Record . and paused .: about
ninety-eight: per cent of the members to
remember engagements outside the .House .
which they must 'connect* with at the ear
liest possible moment/Undismayed by the "
' efi ect -'of his % first i effort,? ne v pressed -on i
and . on almost daily, bedewing j the House 5
with his Moratory,* which ; resembled .the ;
quality of mercy, save and except that it r
was strained— badly— did ' not drop from
heaven, and; so \ far as could be ; discov
ered, blessed neither " him . who 1 gave , nor ' m
him who": received. ; With these' trifling 7
exceptions it. was : a dead: ringer for the
quality '; of mercy. -, •\u25a0. - ••-. :_,-: ".
Of course, Thomas Jefferson indignantly
repelled every .attempt .; to,' corrupt:; his ,
fitainless'soul.N When, he was approached -
by- the; Gentleman '.' from Bitter '-. I Creek.
lowa, , with an . offer to - vote '<\u25a0 for Thomas'
'bill' tor .-the /amelioration of the condition;
of I retired army, ; mules i; if Thomas * would-:,
support the ', measure \u25a0 for; the" dredging of .;
Bitter; Creek,' which ''.was,; at .least; two feet ,
' and r'd'l half * deep? when] it grained' often j
enough,^ Thomas at once donned; his "most '\u25a0
effective" asoect • of % wrath '?dn6 ;
'turned away " ! with .; an -expression ;-'of ,
scorn and contumely •.v.on .-ij his '\u25a0>'\u25a0 faq> -
that s could be heard for two.blocks.;. • : ;
The outlook was as bright. and fair for
our budding statesman as though he had
been . an :army surgeon with ~ only four
hundred and . seventeen numbers between
him and the head of the list, when one
sad day ' he was asked to lend the' weight
of his/.influence to an insignificant little
biir introduced by a man who confessed
to hailing from Chicago." It was a very
unassuming measure and purported 1 to be
a "Bill tor allow, the construction of a
switch, side-track, C switch-points, target,
switch-light, frog, and other appurten
ances; appliances, furniture, , fixtures j and
good-will from the. H. 0. , G. Railroad to
the- I.' 0.~ G. Tv brewery." 'Thomas
couldn'it; see anything about' the general
get-up. of the bill to, arouse alarm, and
he, therefore, .voted aye "and 'let it go at
that. Imagine his surprise when it was
disclosed; to an outraged public that this
innocent measure contained a joker stuck
away* down in »the" southeast corner giv
ing i the & Moregain-Hairyman-Gold com
bination the power, to j build; orj acquire
railroads, steamship- lines, canals, electric
light plants, golf courses, and other allied
industries from Maine" to California, In
cluding Missouri, -without let or hindrance
or- undue rent. . .....;. \u25a0
Thomas Jefferson began to hear from
his constituents that night, and he would
' be '\u0084 hearing ' ; from \u25a0 them still . in Call i proba
bility ..if; he had rot suddenly'bethoiight
hlm.-.of ;a'.town in. the Interior v 'of China
.that : he, had never \u25a0 visited. -He may re
turn In'tlme. but K'is.doubtful if he will
ever be ; able ~ to " look 'a ' brewery or.' a
switch In the faceagaln without. the feel
ing that they, are laughing in their
sleeves. • . _-. : \u25a0
The .: abrupt- end of - Thomas Jefferson
Jones'/, Congressional career,; teaches-, us
that the proper carrying out of the recipe
'for.- roasted -: octopus 'presupposes . ' the
ability, to distinguish that genus of ferae
; naturae from ( the : harmless . orders |of in
dustrial.reptllia;;we"learn' also that while
it ! undoubtedly /pays- , to be honest. It Is
i often 'the' honest - man -who pays.—Copy
\u25a0 right, =l9o3, by Albert Britt
* ' \u25a0 ' . ' - - .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0','« * \u25a0 ' \u25a0 V
vFalbles:- for; t)Ke;-I©<Dlisli \u25a0"
In the Clutches of the Octopus
(Copyrighted, l9o3, by Ople Read.)
than you are. I reckon he must have
taken it up earlier in life. Whatever
~a man undertakes he ought to perfect
himself in at the earliest possible mo
ment. A man ought not to change hi 3
profession after he gets as old as you
are. . In honesty there are mighty few
chances to get rich quick, but there's
a devilish sight of satisfaction in
that .what , you got really be
longs to you. "Suppose you had a
million dollars, Briz, what would you
do with it? You'd go away to some
town and be laughed at. I guess. You'd
go In and order a meal and kill your
self. If you escaped dyin' right then
all of the diseases that have a con
tempt for the average poor man would
crowd around and associate with you.
\u25a0It would seem that everybody was try-
In' to rob you, and when you had dis
covered that all the brightness that
you supposed in the world wasn't
nothln' but the ordinary yaller that
covers a dog you'd hobble home to die
in disgust where you might have died
•with the name of the Lord on your
lips."
\u25a0 ''Wish I was dead this minute," Briz
groaned. . ;-.- : 5
"Well, I won't say It wouldn't be bet
ter for you for I am inclined to think it
would. Does your wife know about It?"
"No, and j I don't know, how to tell her."
"I reckon not. It's hard for a man
to acknowledge even to his wife that he's
'not .only, dishonest but a blamed fooL
J>on't tell her till. you have to."
"What, would you have me deceive
her?"' ~^:>.'-.
"Oh, you old hyppercrit. Briz. Let me
see. Three thousand dollars— just about
all your farm's worth. Nobody but you
and your wife— had plenty to live on:
but you wanted to be rich. Why, because
you aretlred of work? Idleness Is a hun
dred per cent more tiresome than work. ,
I'd just like to get on the inside of your j
mind for a mlnit and look around. About
two months ago I met old Dabney Branch.
We " rode along horseback together. Ha
was complainin" because the rate of inter
est-was lower than it had been. I told
him It wasn't a bad sign for the neigh
borhood; that it wouldn't argue th« cryin* .
need of money. I asked him about how
much money he could lend and he said
he could spare twenty-five thousand,
on good' security. I asked him how old
he was - and \u25a0 he answered that he was
eighty-two. That old and with
$25,000 he didn't need.- I said to him, I\
says, 'Mr. Branch, I'll bet you ten dollars
you won't live two months.* 'What the
deuce do you mean?" he cried out. 'Oh. I
don't want -to offend you— just want the
ten dollars." Take the bet?' 'Jucklln,* he
said, *I am ashamed of you thus making
game of Providence." *Oh,' said I, *you are"
the one that is makin* game of Providence.
Providence has tried to teach you a les
son and you have deafened your ears.
But Mr. Branch, there's one thing I'd like
to know. How can you be - Interested
In gettln' niore money when you have
more. than you need? Good bye; I don't
expect ever to see you again.' And ai
you know, Briz. he died last week. Good
thing. Oh. I tell you old nature is a
great democrat." "
1 "1. wish I had another chance to be
honest." said Briz. "If I could only keep
my home I'd thank the Lord the rest of
my days/*.
"Yes, I v guess so. What have. they done
toward catchin* the thief?"*
"Well, two deputy sheriffs have started
out from, ; purdy and— here conies one of
them nflw."
An officer, of the law dismounted at the
fence. Briz hastened to meet him. "We
caught the fellow and he had your money
on • him,"; said" the officer. Briz took hold
of -a 1 tree to' keep from falling. "Lta,"
he said, "give >me your hand.'.'
\u0084 ''Well,", the old man drawled,. "don't let
us be In too big a hurry about it. J want
to see you make your first real stagger
toward servin" the Lord."
IT was noticed that Brizintine was
driving about the neighborhood with a
stranger. The County Clerk said that
as he had examined many of the deads
and titles in th* office it must be the
newcomer's intention to buy land. Anoth
er noticeabje phase of the stranger's
stay was the fact that Briz shaved and
put on a clean shirt every morning.
Soon it was made known that the visitor.
Colonel Bloodgcod Hickerson, was going
to give live hundred dollars toward the
building of a new church. Then every
body was inclined to bow down before
Briz. The postmaster said to him: "You
have always been one of our most pro
gressive citizens."
"I know all that," Briz answered, "but
1 haven't always been appreciated. After
this I guess 1 will be. I am going to
build me a new house and live like .a
white man."
"Ah. I congratulate you," said the post
master. "But tell me how you managed
to get that rich man interested in this
neighborhood."
"Why, he had heard of -me— wrote to
me and I made an appointment to meet
him here and he came. Oh, you fellers
have always thought that nobody outside
the county ever heard of me, and I
have had to bear with it, but times have
changed."
Three days later Colonel Bloodgood
Hickerson took his leave, having set
tled upon the exact spot for the new
church. Two more days passed and then,
one afternoon, Briz called on old Llmuel.
Jucklin was dozing beneath a tree in ths
yard. He got up from, his bench and In
vited Briz to sit down.
"1 cuchtn't to sit but to lie down and
never git up," said Briz.
"Why, what's the trouble?"
"Lim, I'm ruined."
"You don't tell me!"
"Ruined, Lim.'
"But how?"
"I mortgaged everything I had for
JoOOO and gave the money to — to that
infernal scoundrel, Hickerson." He
sat down with a srroan.
"Why did you do it?" Lim inquired.
"Because he showed me how I could
be the richest man not only in the
county, but In the State. I am ashamed
to tell you how it happened. I can't
understand how it was that I could
have been such a fool. He told me he
had at one time a brother In the money
printing department in Washington.
One ni^ht robbers broke. in and stole
the plates they print the big money on.
That is, .such was the report. But the
fact is th.it Hickerson's brother got
the rolatcs. He did it because the Gov
ernment owed his father for depreda-
I iions committed by soldiers durin\tho
\u25a0war, and he was determined that the
debt should be paid. I don't know all
tiie persuasion this feller Hickerson
used on me. He said that my home and
all my prospects had been injured by
th« war and that it was no more than
right that I should be rewarded. He
needed 52000 to buy a press— had
money enough of his own, but it 'was
Invested. I—lI — I don't know how it was,
but -he got my money."
"Briz. I know how it was. He got
your money because you want honest.
You are }u*t as much a tiilef as lie is."
"You shan't talk to me that way!"
"Hit down," said Lim. "If the worst
comes to the worst I can thrash you.
You know that well enough, so you
ought to Ilnd yourself in a position to
discuss the truth quietly. He touched
you up with a d«sire to get rich. You
didn't tjke into account that you were
Ifitlfa* old and can't in nature live but
a few years longer. In your resent
ment against the fact that you had to
work yju s>hut your eyes to one of the
worst forms of dishonesty, the name
bein* counterfeit!!)'. If there's a man
that can't afford. to be dishonest it is
the old man. It's bad enough with
the youngster, but much worse in the
aged. Of course I am eorry you lost
your money, but somehow I can't wet
mv eyes with sympathy."
"But the man that got it is a thief!"
Briz declared.
"Yea, undoubtedly, and a better thief
JOTTINGS OF OLD LIM JUCKLIN
ON GETTING RICH QUICK
OPIE READfeel' his quick breath on her forehead.
"Did you -do this because you were
sorry?" he asked.
She raised her head bravely. 7_lj
"Not because I was sorry." * ! »1 ""*
"Because you loved me?"
Her blushes. were her answer. In a
moment his strong arms were about
her and she had ' hidden her burning:
face upon his shoulder. How long they
stood there neither knew. It was Judge
Hollis who Interrupted them. • There
were new lines* of . care In his face as
he came slowly forward from the door
way. . .
"Chester," he said slowly.' "God
knows how I have been hoping that
some day your union with v. Gertrude
would give me the right, to call you
'"son." I have looked forward to the
day with \ no thought of -what . would
have come before.- You are cleared in
our but while this hangs over
you.*. It' is not well that you should
marry." ' * "'\u25a0"
* With'a-cry Gertrude sank upon the
.sofa. Chester bent* over and kissed
her, then turned to her father. .
"You are right,. Judge?" he said.
."Until this is cleared to our own satis
faction it- is better so." He turned
slowly to the do^r. to be Jostled vio
lently by Jack Hollis.
-''I've run all the' way from the bank."
"shouted the lad-. VWe found the bills in
the trial balance book. Old Dlxon used
•them for a book mark and then forgot
all about them." ;
Chester gasped. . ;
"And I thought all the time you had
them." -he cried. \u25a0 "Don't- you -remem
ber handling them the afternon they
were missed?",' .
Jack almost sobbed. . .
"Did you keep quiet, for me — or for
sis?" - iMfftaß&l
•For Sis!" answered Chester quietly.
And this time' the Judge gave; them
his blessing.
(Copyright, 1904, by T. C. McClure.)
\u25a0 "Where" did you* really find that nest?"
he demanded. •'." . " . ...
"I told you this -morning at the trial."
she declared. "It was in the- little cubby
hole under, your desk." . ' . i..-:
"Whatever; made- you look there?" ho
asked -curiously. ..:.
. .VI supposed that . l had a fight to feel
- curlqus," she said defiantly. "It was my
father's bank arid I bad heard of how'
bills were stolen by rats at various times.
I- thought I would look around your
desk." • - \u25a0 -\u25a0 -.'- -
'"May I see the nest?" he asked curi
ously. "They- let < you keep it," did. "they
not?"/ - -"• \u25a0.' '• " : '\u25a0'.:'\u25a0'
She -flushed, but she crossed to a writ
ing desk and drew from it a*• small, al
most shapeless mass,* on the outside of
; which were tiny particles, \u25a0 barely, large
enough < f or .the,"C"- or "100" to-be dlstin
• guished. : Chet looked at it curiously! It
• was all that had stood between him and
prison.' ; .
"Do , you . know," ; he said softly, "that
. this " looks -more, as ; though/ It had ' been '
made of Confederate money." . i.
, She flung .up • her; head. "You didn't
say so this morning." •
"I, did not see It .this morning." 'he pro
tested. "The ''only "> expert opinion given
was* by 1 your brother, who pronounced;
them \u25a0 to be, genuine, bills. There are no
silk, threads'in-. these .bills and not a trace
of .thai yellow-bached gold certificates."
\u25a0i Vl-'dWn'tf l»*Ve. any. yellow ones," "she
• eald."" off her guard" for the Instant. Ha
caught her wrist.
"Do .you mean," he " demanded, "that
you made this?"
V"I couldn't see you. go to Jail," she said,
.tears •trembling; on :b.er,lashes. . ••\u0084-. '
' \ M'Did ,ypu \thlnk . I was guilty?" he de
iD»ndcd.*'-'- i "',.\u25a0 '•' '" \u0084: \u25a0:'; '
She shook her head. "I couldn't think
' that of - you," she said simply. "But
things looked so black against you, and
I remembered stories of mica building
nests— and I-^I fixed this up."
He was so close to her that she could
a great personal Interest in It all the
same because It was actually baush; by
one of my friends. And thereby hangs
a tale of custom-house tyranny, combined
with unwise interference of husbands •In
general and one husband In particular.
Mrs. L. (she was not a Calif orn lap by
the way) saw the dress- when she was
shopping on general principles, and her
husband was with her. To see It was
to admire It, and then to covet the pos
session of It— but husband, not being af
flicted with a mania for lace, and really
unable to appreciate the beauty of tha
dress, rebelled at such extravagance* and
drew the purse strings tightly, closed. His
refusal to purchase this beautiful but
costly bit of feminine adornment ' was
weakened by a recital of tha. fearful
duties which would be exacted under our
high tariff laws. •
It was in vain that Mrs. L. protested
that, she would be quite able to bring It
•into our boundaries without duty. Sha
was no exception to tha proverbial re
proach that all women are natural smug
glers. Mr. I», however, would not Sanc
tion a flagrant breach of our lairs Ilka
that, and she .went back to tha hotel de
jected and crestfallen. - • r
But the morning light Inspired her with
new courage, and she wended ' her way.
with firm resolve, and actually bought
the dress, and kept the secret from her
husband.
And now comes his . unwisdom and
what it cost. On their arrival at New
York Mr. L. prompted by" a desire to
play a practical Joke on his wif a. con
fided to the officer of the customs that
she had a - valuable dress of lace In her
trunk which she had bought In Brus
sels, and which she was now In tha act
of smuggling into this country.-
Fancy the dismay of his wife and tha
inane horror of the husband as tha dresa
(which he bad supposed was still ex
hibited at Brussels to 'entrap rich Amer
> lean women) was unearthed from tha
trunks, and the duties on which fairly
shocked his sensibilities and his pocket
book.
I will not undertake to pomt tha moral
of this "over, true atory." but there are
two- or three morals to it. which are ob
vious enough without telling. I may only
mention one. which may ba called a sub
moral or incidental— and that ts that, as
lace is not an American Industry; ' It is
painful to have; to pay tremendous du
ties upon It. particularly when the lace
is really such a beautiful work of art as
the dress I have been telling: about.
But revenons a nos moutons!
Irish lace waists are still- very much
worn, and they are very attractive, al
though this machine made laca la not
bo handsome as the hand-made. It is
very expensive, however.
It is quite the fashion ' this year to
mix lacea. and one frequently sees a
waist with as many as. three 'different
kinds of lace. , ,—....
Valenciennes 'edging sewed on 'tha edga
of Irish lace makes a very pretty effect,
and can be used to very good advantage
.in trimming waists.
In. Paris tha dressmakers hare, a, very
skillful'" way of " making yokes out qf
narrow Valenciennes lace and Insertion.
'The edges, of the" insertion are gathered,
and the lace Is laid fiat on tha edga of it.
It ' is hardly possible to have any pret
tier trimming for an evening dr«ss than
'some real lace. A bodice with- a deep
bertha of real lace Is very handsome In
deed, -f .' . Vj- ';
In the days when our mothers were girls
large and very beautiful shawls m&da of
point lace were in use. At several-wed
dings .of late" years thes shawls have
done further duty as .wedding veils, and
very handsome they have appeared.
• Miss "Lebntlne Blakeman wore her
grandmother's lace for her bridal veil,
and her gown was trimmed with the
lace that had trimmed her grandmother's
wedding tfces3. . " .
Lace, m»t wine, improves by age. be
sides bejaJOThallowed by association.
Museum, where samples of old-fash
ioned passementerie and ancient laces
are preserved. Some wonderful bits of
j rare old lace can be seen there, such as
'.I had never seen before. Its popular
ity ; Is really of. quite recent date, that
, is, \u25a0within the last fifteen or twenty
years.
\u25a0 'In. a little mountain department in
-Fjance, called Auvergne, there . are
'thousands of women making lace. For
.very,- very fine work they sometimes
use goat's or rabbit's hair. '.These wo
\u25a0 men earn .but little, but they are con
tent'to- live the "simple life" in the
mountains and do nothing but make
lace.' j . /': • • .
The. finest of the French laces Is the
"point, d'Alencon." Empress Eugenie's
ivory /eatin : wedding gown had on It ,
four flounces of d'Alencon lace. On an
' other rgown she had one single flounce
•that \u25a0\u25a0 had taken thirty-six- women a
year and a half to make. This flounce
'was; of- the same lace, but of the very
finest quality.. .•. •
"/•Another '-'fine. French lace Is the
."point " d'Argentan," which is a very
flneVneedle'polnt lace, with a net
ground.: * '
"Point" .'lace Is often Bpokfen of, but
generally without conveying any clear
• idea of. the meaning. In fact, point lace
really !meant. in old times, a lace of
fine. quality made by needle and thread.
Nowadays, however, the name Is used •
to designate any lace of superior qual
ity and design, whether made by needle
or' by bobbin. •
/To my thinking, the most beautiful
of all the modern laces is the Venetian
"Rose Point," of which" an ; Illustration '
is given. The real old ' "Rose Poinf,"
however, greatly excels'th'e modern lace '
In beauty. '. '
One flounce of the -.real old "Rose ,
Point" was sold last year in London for -
$1750! and still another piece brought
$75 a yard.
Perhaps this may seem a fabulous,
price for any kind of lace, but it must
be remembered that this old point lace
\u25a0will last forever, and Is In fact, fre
quently handed down in families for
several generations. >r >*'
It. is quite easy to understand why
the old laco is more beautiful than the
modern. Much less of it was used than
now, and more time and greater care*
could* b«» given -to, Its -manufacture.
Then, too, it was used only by the no
bility and the very rich, who required
'and could afford to pay for. tha very
finest quality. ;y ;;.-\u25a0
Real lace may have different • signifi
cance, in different countries... Here, it '
certainly implies • wealth, and If it> is "
handed down in the .family, it serves .
to keep up. family pride. ButinFrance, •
lace has no further significance than »
an elegant trimming for a beautiful *
gown.
-/. In ~ Spain.' lace and coquetry aeem to •
go together. The mantilla of lace is
worn a great deal by 'young women In ,
Spain, and very fascinating It Is, invit
ing flirtation.- There were formerly
very beautiful laces made In Spain, but
latterly the people have been content to .
Import them from foreign countries.
Blond lace and chantilly are used there
_a\ • great . deal. Whole mantillas are \u25a0
of ten. made of blond-lace.'
When I was in Brussels last year I saw
a beautiful .dress of; point lace", which I
admired tremendously. When I was told
.that the urice of it was 5500 I knew that
it had not been made for me— but I took
gERWYND'S defalcation was only
$1500. but had he looted the sub
treasury of os many millions
lioontown could not have been
more shocked.
It was not bo much the loss of tho
money to the Eoontown First Na
tional. That was but an incident. It
was the fact that Chet Berwynd
V should have been guilty at all. ;For
generations the Bcrv.-ynds had been
among the leaders of Booutown so
ciety, and it was regarded as a matter
of course that Chct should have been
made cashier and paying teller when
the bank was started.
Some of those who had known
Chester Eerwynd's father refused at
first to believe the charge, but in the
end circumstantial evidence proved too
strong to be ignored and, though Hank
Simmons, the town constable, had a
suspicious moisture in his eyes, he led
Chet ox-<?r to the little village "lock
up" and left him in a. cell, promising
that a rocking chair and other un
rirlson-like conveniences should be sent
over from his own home as soon 'as
possible. Hank had never forgotten
how old Dr. Berwynd had worked for
twelve hours over his little daughter
when she had had the. membranous
croup, though he had just returned
froai a lons ride Into the country.
One did not have to go back to
Chefs father for acts of kindness. As
boy and man Chet had always been
i ready to give his aid to others with
no thought of. return, and his Incar
ceration was a chock to the commu
nity.
Even after the venerable John Hol-
lis had explained that there was a
package of five $100 bills and two $500
certificates which no one could account
for save Chet, who had denied all
knowledge of the money, there -were
those who refused to believe that; Dr.
Berwynd's sou could be guilty.
Foremost among these was Ger
trude Hollis, who set aside even, her
father's opinion to declare herself
openly a partisan of Chct, and It was
one of the things that shook her fath
er's faith in his own "judgment. . Judge
Hollis was a believer in woman's in
tuition.
It was this which induced him- to
hurry the trial lii the hope that some
evidence would turn, up whereby the'
accused cashier might clear himself,
and there was none more pleased
v.'hen. two days before the trial, it. was
discovered that rats had stolen . the
package and had made a nest of the
crisp paper. .
Gertrude discovered the nest 'in a
cranny under the cashier's desk. She
communicated her "find" to her father,
who "was also president of the bank.
It made an insignificant little mass,
this expensive nest, but while the mas
ticated particles ivere too-small to be
redeemed by the Treasury Department,
it was plain to be seen. that- the nest
was composed of ' bills.;- Tbe nest was
duly brought forward at the trial and
was sufficient to. acquit. •• V
Chester was the only one dissatisfied
with the acquittal, and that evening 'he
called at the Hollis home. Gertrude met
him with an apology for her father,. for*
whom the excitement of the trial had
been too much. .;
"It was you I . came to | see," . returned
Chester.. "I want to ask you "\u25a0 a question."
The red flashed into Gertrude's 'face.
There had been no open courtship, but It
had seemed to her that there -wu but •
one question Chester would want to ask.
Her heart beat high,- but; the next mo
ment her hopes were dashed.
George Sidney
MOUSE NES AND MARE'S NEST
' key," and others equally absurd. It
serves to recall, however, the fad that
prevailed with us several years ago, when
. such colors as "subdued mouse," "crush
ed strawberry" and the like were com
monly used. So, "there is nothing new
under the sun!"
That time— tho time of Marie de Medici
—having taken up the craze for lace with
great vigor, the French lacemakers grew
mare and more expert and skillful, and
their point lace became a serious rival to
the lace of Italy and Flanders, 'under the
name of "Point de France." So jealous
were the French of the Imported rivals
that an edict was Issued ordering the
hangman to publicly burn Venetian (tho
Point de Veuise) and Flandera lace of the
value of 100,000 crowns!
Ono wonders what emotions such a ttr
rible cremation must have excited in the
breasts of lovely women a* they saw.
these beautiful creations perish before
their eyes!
Paris was even then the headquarters,
and official residence of Dame Fashion,
but there were no journals or magazines
or fashion plates then to send broadcast -
over the civilized world.". Little dolls elab-'
oiately and handsomely costumed were
therefore dispatched to the different large
cities to serve for fashion plates. By thi3
means French lace ( became widely known
in almost all countries. .. ;
So absorbing was the cult of lace! that
it was not confined to the ladles of
France. The men, .- .court . gallants,
trimmed their night dresses and night
caps with the finest and most costly lace.
The Due de Ponthlevre expended $104 for
lace collars and cuffs on his : nightdress
and $50 for his nightcaps. What agorge
ous spectacle, he must "have been- by
night! And in what brilliant raiment he
roust have been clothed by day! ':
The flrst straight-edged lace that was'?
in use was Valenciennes lace, which was ,
tnade* In Flanders, and the best. Valen-,
<jiennes Jace. to-day Is made in a little
town, called Ypres, .in West Flanders.
Making Valenciennes lace is a very dlffl-*
cult piece of work. It is made on a pil
low with bobbins, and for an edge of
only two inches in width 200 or 300
bobbins are used." On some of the wid
er pieces there are often a thousand
bobbins* on one pillow. It frequently
takes a week to make one-third of an
inch of the wide lace.
No wonder the price Is high.
Valenciennes lace, as it is now sold, is
neither so fine nor so ornate as It was
formerly. ]
I went to see the lacemakers at work
in Brussels, and came away wondering
whether they would first become blind
before . becoming raving maniacs, or
whether their brains would give way be
fore their eyesight.
They were working in a dimly lighted
room; and. though doing the finest and
most intricate work possible, their fingers
wire moving with the rapidity of light
ning.
Bobbin lacemaklng Is, however, more
intricate to watch, as it seems co Intri
cate and wonderful.
The Valenciennes lace made In Bel
glum finds a ready market and the
sales amount to. about $4,000,000 annu
ally.
Cluny lace has become very fashion
able and popular and the finest waists
are'now trimmed with Cluny and beau
tiful insertions and edgings are made
of it. It gets its name from the Cluny
THE fancy for fine lace Is no new
thing. It Is as old as the hills
and as er.clurir.g-. Beautiful lace
is a "joy forever" to the feminino
heart, and has been so for many
centuries.
Egyptian mummies that dated back a
thousand rears before Christ have been
found to have fragments of lace In color
. e<S threads on the molderins garments.
The ancient Greeks and Romans trimmed
tho bottom of their robes with lace, and
tbe use of lace of all sort 3 and kinds
has never ceased from those early times,
and probably never wilL
The word itself originally meer.t a cord
or plaited string used for tying or lacing
garment* together, but that must have
been a very, very long time ago. The
lace of to-day, however, in something
like lta present refined form, probably
dates back come four hundred or five
hundred years, and tha origin of it is
claimed both by Flanders and Italy.
Holland also presents a claim for having
originated what may be called the mod
ern lace, but It is in Italian books that
the earliest description of lace is to be
found.
In the progress of It 3 manufacture
the patterns gradually became very elab
orate, and lace made ia the seventeenth
century had designs of flowers, birds
end figures worked on net or meshed
grounds.
Laces of very great value can be
found in the possession of the Roman
Catholic Church, and in some of the
cathedrals of Europe are many priestly
robes trimmed \u25a0with old and costly lace,.
or with gold or silver lace.
In the cathedral on the island of Bu
rano. near Venice, there are some very
fr.mous and beautiful laces. This little
Island was renowned for the beauty of
Us !ar;es. and no doubt the finest speci
mens were given to the church, and
they are to be seen there even now.
They are of -a rlcli coffee color, and "in
texiure they are finer and more beauti
ful than any that is made now.
The Italians have endeavored to re
store this almost lost art, and have had
copies mudo of this old lace, which
still remains in wonderfully good con
dition. The design or pattern Is gen
erally of vine leaves or the ears of
wheat.
At one time the Jews used a great deal
of lace in their synagogues, but some sin
gular law forbade the use of mixed ma
terial on their robes or scarfs. On this
account silk lace was made and the Jews
used It to trim their scarfs with, thus
keeping -Britain tho letter cf their law.
Every one will remember the familiar
.picture of Queen Elizabeth, with an enor-
F boui ruff or collar about her neck. To
the inexperienced eye. at least, it seemed
like a gigantlo collar, but in reality it
was composed of. many yards of lace, and
of very expensive lace, too.
Marie de Medici, Queen of France, wore
a, gown on which there were 32,000 pearls.
SOOO diamonds, a ruff of Venetian point
lace and many yards cf gold lace besides.
How fearfully expensive it must have
been to dress 6trictly In fashion in the
seventeenth century!
The skirts, of which three of different
color* were worn, were also trimmed with.
lace.
In the seventeenth century the ladies of
Marie de Medici's court had a variety of
r klrls of different colors, to which they
gave fanciful names, like "dying mon-
THE SAN FRANGISGO SUNDAY CALIi
THE STORY OF LACEand methods here given will be dry. and
will not show- much dust 'accumulation
from the Inside for some time. Its at
mosphere will be pure and delightful,
there will be no old dust flying about to
distress sensitive lungs and offend a
-neat housewife. Whoever has been in
the midst of or witnessed helter-skelter
workers, who raised a choking dust
wherever they went with dry bro«— is
and overloaded dustpans, will realize
the advantage of a method which. tends
to control dust while really removing it.
" And whoever has been compelled to go
about in the midst of flying dust and
general confusion . with skirts held up,
head covered and elbows held close to
avrifil soil— ln a house supposedly . sing
cleaned— will appreciate genuine clean
ing. : which dominates while removing
whatever is objectionable and maintains
order at every step of the business.
Until a house is entirely settled, every
entrance should have a mat outside and
a piece of carpet or strong paper Inside
each door. Strong' paper should be. laid
overall clean or polished floors wherever
people are likely to tread. -'All of these
should be carefully lifted every, evening
and the day's dust collected , thereupon
shaken outside. Thoughtless. | careless
people should be reminded by legibly
written notices^ posted in- full sight.
', that 'the doormats are there for their
\u25a0;use and : the protection, of .the. house..
Posted notices are quiet," impersonal re
minders that - offend no one and some
times spare the voice and the _ feellng3
*of \u25a0 the housewife. ; In two, minutes one
reckless : person can ' undo the cleaning
of half a day.;.
Had I. the versifier's gift. I would sing
the;: song: of : the burnt-match plague.
Burnt matches, .thrown about or left on
window-sills, mantels.- or anywhere but
In 5 suitable 3 receptacles,", are untidy and
chow unpardonable negligence on the
part*of those \u25a0 who : leave them. "Nico
housewives permit' nothing of the^kind
"in-their domains.;. One of the first of the
furnishings; in- every^part of! a -house
should be match-safes and receivers for
burnt, matches. These not only:promoto
tidlnes3,,but,"lf used by everybody, they
prevent an alarm of fire or a conflagra
tion. Probably the majority of fires are
caused by people who throw matches
down heedless of the disorder caused
by their lying about and the risk, al
ways possible, of their not being ex
tinguished. Whether the spark be dead
or alive, there is no excuse for, making
a tidy place untidy, or an untidy place
more untidy, by negligently dropping a
matcMi without even looking to seu If '
there be a p^ce provided for It. Burnt '
matches are not ornamental. They do
not give an air of refinement to a bouse
when they adorn the front steps or »tona
\u25a0window sills, albeit in thoa« places thay
may be harmless.
Door-cleaning should be left until the
last, because, during the general set
tling there Is so much going In and out
by people who are apt to leave generous
finger-prints on whatever door they
open or close. The most conspicuous
part ot the door is about the knob, and
cleaning that part often is apt to deface
the paint or polish. It Is a good plan to
protect the most exposed portion by fit
ting a piece of strong paper around th*
knob and fastening It temporarily with
a little paste that will wash off easily
and not injure the woodwork. • •
All floor- polldhlnsr or .Boor-staining
should be left until the very last set
tling Is done and the house has ceased
to be a highway of .affairs for all sorts
and conditions of men and women,
either working or delivering goods.
Unless the house .-Is entirely new. be
fore having any beds brought in. maX*
a thorough examination of the > wood
work, the plaster and the paper to dis
cover if vermin of any sort have lodged
there."
This is a case where an ounce of pre
vention will be found eoual to a ton of
cure. Destroy every sign and vestige of ,
any objectionable . Insects before It Ist
possible for them to get into beds or any
• furniture. - Nothing is a more efficacious
vermin-destroyer than fumigation dona
with a sulphur candle. This is very easy
In, an empty house, but It can be dons \u25a0
at any time— along with proper precau
tionary measure*.
r.T By M. E. Carter.
\u25a0Copyright, 1903. by'A. S. Barnes & Co.
WHEN giving floors their second
cleaning wet newspapers will
- be found very good substitutes
j?*vto-»**e««for cloths or., mops. They arc
far less troublo. because they can be fre
quently changed and thrown away, when
soiled, .whereas cloths and \ mops add to
the labor, because they take extra time
for J wringing out : and washing them
clean. But the water should be changed
often..* although not so often as whei*.
a cloth or mop Is used. - The woman who
.has nof.learned the advantage of keeplflg
. clean? water -In her - pall has not been
taught the. flrst-^principles of. thorough .
cleaning.; She smears everything that her
cloth touches and cleans nothing. Who
ever cxpcrlm'en ts with ,wet paper ' will
not .want to handle a mop again for any
lengthy.:; or trough cleaning. Tho third
and . final . floor cleaning should , be done
.with a: scrubbing brush..' soap and warm
- water. :'\u25a0: The \u25a0\u25a0; brush should be followed
by a soft cloth wrung out of clear water,
to wash away. all the soap suds and to
hasten the. dry Ing. r -\u0084 - v
'-'-•-Wherever. there are spots that.do not
' yield 'A easily \u25a0: to < the _ brush .they can
.usually; be removed by a strong solution
of ; soda In ' hot ; water. > This shoyld .be
"poured on them and left with cloths or
' paper;; also' wet r- in .-the same solution,
lying upon; the places. .After the cleaner
'portions of a* floor have.b een scruboed
the spots can be done last. of all. "When
this .: treatment falls the last resort Is
the -carpenter's plane,' ulthough inilver-,
pumice 'sometimes serves tho,par
. pose. '\u25a0•':""-. \u25a0"",'.': ;\u25a0:„-'.-'.; 7 '.>.\u25a0\u25a0.:-'\u25a0 7 -•' *"- ;V;<^"<
'-^tln cold or damp \u25a0weather: there should
;be -some sort of heating ;>. apparatus
'wherever floors are being washed, to dry'
the atmosphere and hasten i the work.
\u25a0 No ~ floor covorinß. should'^ be laid until
-. •very thing" '. is '. perfectly • . dry. '.:.'. Peopl e;
-would not r get colds* when moving into
new quarters if they would observe"or
;dlnary;-. precautions ''and -proceed in "a
Oonimon-scnse ;way,' instead : of.' as -.too <
ofUn -is -the \u25a0 case, rualling and risking
.' •verything in , a sort^ of mad ? haste to
get '"moved In." as it Is called.
•* A house cleaned" according to the order
-- ' , \u25a0 '-^ ' - \u25a0-- --' ' •"--*"•
Newspapers Ideal Mops— Beit Way to Clean a House
Roll out lightly, cut into canes at least
half an inch thick, and bake in a quick
oven. . . .
Brown Biscuits.
Orn^ pint of Graham flour, nearly a
quart of boiling water or milK, one tea
spoonful of salt. . .•-
tje.il:i the Hour when you have salted
it into as soft dough as you can handle.
Roll it nearly an inch thick, cut in
round cakes, lay upon a v hot-buttered
tin or pan, and bake them in the hot
test oven you \u25a0 can get ready. livery
thing depends upon heat in the manu
facture of these. Kome cooks spread
them uixm a hot tin. and Set this upon
a red-hot stove. Properly scalded and
cooked, they are light as }>uffs and v«ry
good; otherwise they are flat and tough.
Split and butter while hot. .. -
Graham Biscuits.
Stir • together in a chopping bowl a
pint of Oraham Hour and a half pint of
white flour. To this add a teaspoonf ul
of salt, 'one of sugar and two rounded
teaspoonfuls of baking powder. Mix
thoroughly and chop into the mixture
two tablespoonfuls of lard or other fat.
Add a pint of milk, and if the mixture
Is then too stiff to handle, add enough
water to make into a soft dough. Turn
upon a floured board, roll out and cut
into biscuits, handling as little and as
lightly as possible. , Bake in a steady
oven. • \u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0 - \u25a0
Sour Milk Biscuits.
One pint of sour or buttermilk, one
teaspoonful of soda, \u25a0 two teaspoonfuls
of melted butter. '
Flour to make soft dough— just -stiff
enough, to handle. Mix; roll, cut out rap
idly, with as little handling as may be,
and bake in a quick, oven.
Tea Cakes.
Sift a quart- of flour threfe times with
two teaspoonfuls of baking powder and
one of salt. Chop Into this a tablespoon
fur of butter and one of | lard • or other
fat. . ;
Mix In a bowl with a wooden spoon
adding about three cupfuls of milk, or
enough to make a soft dough. Turn out
upon your board and roll with swift.light
Btrokes into a sheet half an inch in
thickness. Reverse a Jelly cake tin upon
HOW can one overcome \u25a0 stubbornness
and obstinacy?: My little boy is Just
\u25a0 ~.. : , past :. 2 " years, r ". and "practically. In
every respect Is sweet and amiable. Every
child tie plays with loves him at once and
f orevermore. -He \u25a0 Is exceedingly i precocious,
knowing,' as much as the ordinary child
of • twice his age. .-; But his stubbornness Is
intolerable. - , A- request, kindly i put. 1 haa bo
more \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 effect \u25a0- than ta - spanking (which « has
none), and he is not old -enough to under
stand punishment by deprivation. We have
>•"*;-;\u25a0:;\u25a0" '-'."\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"-\u25a0-v".' ' r v^ \u25a0?:\u25a0 >'•. :\u25a0:\u25a0 - -tC' \u25a0 - \u25a0\u25a0.•'..-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0.-
I SINCERELY, wish you would send -me
(or forward this' letter), tho address of.
. her who signed herself "A Happy Wlf*
and Mother." .... \u25a0 ; - . < \u25a0.-,.\u25a0 •;\u25a0\u25a0
-.-Whole wheat meal and flour are the great
est" things, on earth,- when .properly, pre
• pared. •to\do •- away 1 ' with \u25a0•* the \u25a0-• little - ones',
habitual constipation, complained of by her.
- The boy slie mentions as being of a whin-,
lni; disposition, with cold foet and hands,
is - not : In good health— that's positive. ,' The -
constipation and cold extremities are sure
.indications •of .a. disorder In* the ; system — ;
at least,' they : are to a homoeopath, such
as the.wrlter.r. ;.;;:.'\u25a0 A.. J.tß;.( lllinois). .
\u25a0-- As. no stamp was inclosed 'In- your let
ter, I did not break! office rules by for
warding it to ."Happy CWife \u25a0 and ;Moth
. er.'.' .-\u25a0 , As i she is ' a 'regular 'reader: of - the
Kxchange, j the I expression of * your .wish
,to communicate j with her will undoubt
edly meet her, eye.'* I hold: youf. address
subject " to her^ pleasure. - \u25a0• • ; >i> rt V
I VENTURE to offer -for family use a
prescription for hives and prickly. heat
' which has worHud wonders upon suffer
ers from th«?se causes In my own household:
Take one-fourth pint of alcohol, the same
of water— or more for babies, as It must
not smart whun hsp«1 — 10 cents' worth' or
boraclc acid- (powdered): toilet water, or
ju-nume. . as one Itkcs. «-noujrh to make it
smell sweet; can be left out. ;"\u25a0 Shake and
bathe parts affected with soft linen cloth
or .sponge. This is good for heat hives- or
any Itching; fine also to remove dirt from
face before washlng.lt,. especially good in
traveling.- It also answers ; for face pow
der, if rubbed until dry when used.
.--.-- M..M. P. (Illinois).
MAY I ask a favor of this • seemingly -
all-wise body? How' am I to color
fea pure white straw hat either navy
blue or black? It has met with misfortune,
and must do for "this -season. * Any return
favor, within my limitations, will be cheer
fully granted. \u0084 13. . S.
1 can only reiterate the, advice l'have
given to dozens of others who have ask
ed of the comparative virtues of domes
tic dyes. If your hat be valuable, send
it to a professional : dyer » and have it
properly colored./ Amateur work; of ; this
kind is almost invariably a failure.
made the child familiar with it it ceases
to be.. "salutary." Forgive, my further
plain speaking when I say that the im
plements you mention— "rattan." '.'cow
hide" and "strap"— form . a detestable
trio that should never enter a civilized
household. -A small supple : switch-that
stings, yet cannot bruise or mangle the
tender tiesh, is altogether adequate to
the demand for chastisement. My moth
er maintained that willow switches were
a "means of, grace." _ • . .
tried everything we can thinls of. and' now,
ask, "Can any one help us?" - \u25a0
; A XEW.MEMBBR FROM THE WEST.
•As plainness of speech upon nursery
government -seems.., to be. the order of
the day this weekj i submit that your
child should have been taught obedi
ence to rightful authority and in whom
that authority. wns vested by the time
he was a year old/ I think you are
mistaken in- supposing that he is not
old enough to understand the meaning
of "punishment by deprivation." When
he is determined to have his way, show
him that you are even more deter
mined to have yours. If "spanking
hardens him, try standing him in a cor
ner, tying him in a chair or withhold
ing from him something he wants to
have. Be very . patient and very firm
with him, keeping before your mind all
the time that in compelling him to obey
you you are teaching him the rudi
ments of sself-government. You can
hardly do your child a greater wrong
than to allow him to grow up undis
ciplined and wayward. Sacrifice your
present comfort and his to avert this
evil. You cannot begin too soon; much
time ha 3 already been lost. .
WHAT shall vie do'ivlth our children^
I f«*<"t" in summer time? Shall we
allow them to discard shoes and
stocking entirely anil ko barefoot? Here
are three little girls. ageJ 6. 9 and 12 years,
whose irrfmteat «1«1IkM is to co about In
their barefeet. We think it healthful- for
them to. do it. Wpulu you, advise laying
aslile conventionalities and permitting them
to indulge in the barefoot habit? It seems
cruel to deny them their sreateßt pleasure.
Kindly favor me • with en early reply, as
the \u25a0weather Is so seasonable now for bare
feet \u25a0 ' * * " -
Also, tell us how to whip children when
they deserve . it- Do you ad vice striking
them in the palms of the hands, as is prac
ticed In most schools? Do you favor the
use of the rattan, cowhide or strap? Would
not the latter two be preferable, as they
arc solter and more^uliable and not ho apt
to injure the child as h rattan? Would
voj consider three or four well-directed,
severe blows-on each hand about right for
an ordinary whipping for & girl about- 12
yecus old? The children are not "bad,"
but a good whipping has a most, salutary...
effect on them. .Please favor, me with an
early reply. ANXIOUS (Pennsylvania).
1. You epeak of running \u25a0 barefoot as
your children's "greatest pleasure." \u25a0' I
infer lYom your mention of this'prac
tice as a breach of conventionality that
their associates v/ear shoes aod stock
ings. Would not, the pleasure the. little
girls take in discarding footgear \u25a0 have
a formidable drawback in the ridicule
of their playmates? It is absolute cru
elty to force any eccentricity of dress
or undress upon a sensitive child. More
over, is not that a' questionable custom
which entails future inconvenience or
Buffering? " Your, children's feet: will; be
painfully cramped when : they resume
shoes and stockings in the autumn, aft
er the unbounded liberty of the sum
mer. And excuse me for saying : that
girls of 9 and 12 will look hoyuenish,
not to sayivulgar, running barefoot upon
i MyVother. (rest her sweet, faithful
soul!) was one of ; the wisest and, at the
same time, gentlest >, disciplinarians; 1
have. ever known. She. held fast' to the
"Solomonic creed of corporal -punish
ment when needed.*- The | articles -of her
creed were few, and strong:, First, never
strike a child when one is angry. Sec
ond, never 'threaten to: whip a child un
less you intend to do it. -Third, the cer
tainty, and not theseverjty, of the pun
ishment makes it 'effective. ,7 Fourth,
make a child understand fully .. why r he
or she is punished, and that the; parent'
Is moved by love and duty. to. inflict it.
One of her sayings, founded upon wide
experience and ; observation, was: ."If a
child has-been properly managed from
bis birth; he wjlf never need to be whip
ped "\u25a0: after he Is 5 years old. Other!
modes of correction should then', be
used."- \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0:\u25a0;•\u25a0\u25a0'-"" \u25a0-•">.'>\u25a0\u25a0..•.\u25a0 \u0084:.'•..:-...\u25a0;
Suffer me to' add that* more affection
ate and: obedient children are- seldom
seen : than : the s seven : whom she brought
up. to. a man's and' woman's estate. 1
I am afraid you and I may^ not" agree
as to what makes whipping Ctsalutary."
The use of the, rod is an extreme meas-
ure.' When frequent, application haa
AROUND THE HOUSEWIVES' COUNCIL TABLE WITH MARION HARLAND
WRITERS upon culinary
topics and practical
housewives make
much of the neces
sity of preserving an even tempera
ture for rising dough in winter time.
The eld-fashioned cook \u25a0wrapped her
bread tray in flannel and newspa
pers and scolded the trespasser who
left the kitchen door open after the
dough was pu| to bed in a warm cor
ner. The trained cook of to-day
sets her doush in a patent pan with
a perforated top, out of possible
draughts, and consults "her thermom
eter regularly and solicitously.
The average housewife assumes,
if ehe does not assert, that summer
breads can take care of themselves.
In reality, overfcrmentaj^on is as
grave an evil as the arrested proc
ess. Summer boarders ijSSiot need
to be reminded how mali^ times a
week sour bread receives the slight
est of apologies from the farmstead
mistress. If she thinks it worth her
while to attempt correction of the
damage done to her dough over
night ; she kneads in soda with a
heavy hand that leaves acrid, yellow
streaks in the » baked loaf without
neutralizing the acidity of the mass.
Yet good bread is never more a
necessity of comfortable living than
in warm weather. Sour viscidity in
sults gastric juices and taxes to the
utmost delicate muscles made lax by
heat. Hot yeast bread belongs of
right to the winter bill of fare. It
does not begin to "ripen" until it is
cold, nor does it sit easily upon a
majority of stomachs until it has
been twelve hours out of the oven.
It is so well understood by people
of common intelligence that griddle
cakes come and depart with frost,
that I need not enlarge upon the
reason of their banishment from the
tables of people who have any
knowledge of gastronomic ethics.
Since many eaters, especially the
men and brothers for whose delecta
tion women cater and cook, will
have hot breakfast breads, I offer
to-day some tried and proved re
cipes for a few of these. Here the
work of fermentation is completed
in the baking. They all belong to'
the biscuit family, and, if rightly
made, are delicate and digestible.
Nonpareil Quick Biscuits.
One quart of flour, two heaping table-
Fpoonfuls of lard, two cups of sweet
if you can get it— new milk, one tea
spoonful of soda, two teaspoonf uls of
cream tartar, one saltspoonful of salt.
Rub the soda and cream tartar into the
flour and sift all together before they
are wet. then put In the salt, next the
lard, rubbed into the prepared flour
quickly and lightly; Jastly. pour In the
milk. Work the dough rapidly, knead
ing with as few strokes as possible.
one tcaspoonful of baking powder, half
a tcaspoonful of salt, two cups of milk,
one eg£, beaten very light. Beat for
four minutes and bake in hot. buttered
pale or gem pans in a brisk oven. Serve
at once. \u25a0
Wafers (No. 1).
One pound of flour, two tablespoonfuls
Wafers (So. 2).
Bub two tablespoonfuls of butter Into
a pint of flour, add enough iced water to
make a stiff dough, put upon a floured
board and roll out as thin as writing
paper in rounds as large as a saucer. -^
Bake in a floured pan In a quick oven, y
They should be rough and "bubbly**
of butter, a little salt
Mix with sweet mint into stiff dough,
roll out .very thin, cut into round cakes,
and again roll these as thin a< they
can be handled. Lift them carefully,
lay in a pan and bake very quickly.
These are extremely nice, especially
for invalids. They should be hardly
thicker than writing paper. Flour the
baking pan instead of greasing.
a straw and bake in a brisk oven./
Some housewives add a tablespoonf ul
of butter.
/ Graham Gems.
Into a quart of warm milk -stir.> four
\u25a0eggs that have been beaten only a lit
tle, add a tablespoonful, each, of melted
. butter and sugar. Add now gradually
three cunfuls of Graham flour that has
been sifted with a heaping teaspoonf ul
of baking powder. -Beat 1 very hard for
seven or eight minutes and . bake In
greased and heated gem pans. ?
Popovers. .
Two cups of flour, sifted twice, with
the sheet and cut with a sharp knife
just the size of the tin. With a spatula
transfer to a floured baking pan and
bake in a quick oven.
Split while hot, butter and cut into
triangular pieces, six to each cake. Do
riot divide them urittl the triangles arc
drawn from the plate by those who are
to eat them.
Maryland Beaten Biscuit.
One pint of flour, one cup -of water,
one teaspoonfuli of salt. Mix into a
stiff dough, transfer to a floured block
of wood and beat with a rolling. pin
steadily for ten minutes, shifting the
dough often and turning it over several
times. Cut into round cakes, prick with
fTHE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY GALE.
SUMMER BREADS
SCHOOL FOR HOUSEWIVES
MARION HARLANDProper Care oftne
Baby-^- Making (.
* :; "His Gruel
By Dr. Emelyn L.Cooljdge.
Copyright. J3GS. by A. S. Barries & Co."
AT THEiSE MONTHS ;
IT is now the proper time to- add a
cereal /bf isome Hind to . the baby's •
' food, if ljo is a bottle-fed baby. Eith
i - er barley, or oJitmeal is the best one
to pse. When making these gruels it is
"rhuch cusier";to .use" the flour .than the
.grain.- Barlex, 'gruel is made by rub
bing up one tcaspoohful of the flour with
a little cold water, then stirring this into
a pint of. bbllins. water, adding a plncli !
* of salt ; and; boiling it fifteen minutes; it
"'sliojitd be strained -if at alliurnpy.- Oat
. meal gru«r is made in the i jams ;way,
only using two teaspoonfuls of the flour
instead of one. :. v£
;If It' la impossible to obtain the-. flour
\u25a0 -'the grain may be used, taking two table
spoohful.s'of thV baflfy, o'v three of the
. oairneal, and allowing it to soak in cold
water ' over night. The next morning
add" one ', (juart of cold water and boil
steadily down to one pint, for about four
'* hours,'' then ' strain through | -muslin.
f Gruel should be made fresh each day
and l-' kept on Ic?." . Use ; b'aritjy. gruel .un
less the child IS Inclined to be consti
pated, and- tnen^use oatmeal/
;.-vvi ; ":-w .-•;•; ; __The-i Proportions.
- Some strongly advise the" use
of a> substance which will convert !the
ijUrcqflfj the^gruelaiinto svgar j'in" cases
, of a. delicate" digestion I thlnkit is wise
to'usa'onc-of these. substances,' but in',
the ciset/of ordinarily robust •children
it ' isc'erns 'iii ' me \that .they 'do .just, as
'well without* -ahyvsuch aid to digestion.
The uroportlbps of \u25a0 milk, gruel, 'etc;,
often used- for the third month areas
follows : . . Sklrn : from off . the % top of a
quart bottle of milk the upper six ounces,
jutii poui;. off 'ajx-niorfl- ounces, making '
i«clvcyoußCC3 ..lll; all ; "now add twelve
ouiicc»(pf;bOilod water in which are dJs-' ;
solved three; teaspoonfuls of granulated:
or aix of milk;;3ug4»r,:uHU-;i 1 , pinch, of
Uicarbou'Ute ot'SOdw or else two buncea'uf -•
lime 1 wuior;. J U«»"atJd ;t\yvivu^uunvvt* mi"
• , barley- or oatmeal -gruel.> ; The -tood <
. tliould'continqeto be. pasteurised; cool- '.'•
tUp etc.," throushout ;i\vS. llrst- y«ur, a«
cwrdintf to, Uircciioiis^ulrcadyf given.^'
\u25a0""'.The buby'.uhould'.iiow have clg'ht meals
3 in.twcnty-rour.'lioMis,, of ;-.tlin?B, ouhck*
and v halfHo four ounces and a half .
;at-:- each- . nicul. •r-He.veUoukl'' be,, fed .
•regularly ':\u25a0\u25a0 every*', three 'Jljvurs.' up -\u25a0 to
IQiP.'.M.; -then -have; one meal' ut, 2 or
3A. J4_., uncl.nothlnt; mofo.until 7 A..M.
1 Carcful'lublutioiKjind- the usa.of good
'.soup,-. strict uticntiqn to ,dl<rt;.pl«>nty of -
<Miifloof"uxt'ii;iß«.'V ; aii;% occasional.", thlld
. upe'rlent, ainl'a'litlle;coldcreani rubbed .
rwell ' in to ' ttic -face l : c»n \u25a0 a windy \u25a0 <lay. ; ulso
otr t rnUri"Hi">.will tiecuro .{or \u25a0 any? o lie -9. '\u25a0 .-:
coinple*ionto s bc envied.;-' ;:
By Cynthia f^csioverAlden.
\u25a0•:'\u25a0: Copyright. -J503.' by A. S. Dame» & Co.
N' fOTWITHSTANbING. the fact
jithat 'thousands of girls have
:' turned away from. housework to
" set
factories, 'stores and otßces, '.the tlrae
honorcd calling af domestic service "em
ploys more wage-earning women* than
any other. Modern conditions have
brought about the many difficulties now
met with, "and of late years it is only
as a "last resort" that a girl adver
tises as "willing to do : general house
work."
\u25a0.Domestic occupations are always open
to women.but many wotild- rather strug
gle along "as shopgirl, sweatshop wijrk
er or factory "employe," living on al
• moat -.: ; nothing, cifttlmes not' 'making
- more .-than board ;money. One prefers
to be' a | drcssmalier. even a very .poor
'dressmaker, because it lias not' tho
"'tsting of bondage": attached./to It, nor
tho "endless: humiliating .conditions"
that, arc* said 'to col with domestic jser
vlce. Much of - this \u25a0 'eellrij !s.nohsen?e.
' If you can forget it., you may.be hap
py as a domestic lor several reasons*.
The Hrst is; that there arc not enough
.servants,: in spite of the- great number
employed. ,Tlie : second "is that thou
sands of those who ate . in tho .^ork
are : not good for anything wKen hired;
There--' is an everyday, incrcaslng.'dis-
Inclination on.the'part bfth« women, to
..enter such service, and this makes the
supply every Uay. more insufficient!"; All
this should be most- encquraging to you
if you are not afraid to do. the work
-that will- be .laid out" for you. ' ' . .
'It is true tl^at domestic aervice is con
sidered a socially \jnferlor ocoupation,
and.it in that fact'- that so repels the
girls'rOf the ,'clags from which servants
are i ccruitcd; thereby causing c the sup
; bly of soud volunteers. to diminish year
by -ycju-.v- Consenuentiy; good servants
ure-ilmosrlinpossiple to get and Incwn
blwrit Help is forced on jhe housekeep
exs-liclw'- so iguoran-t- that It s even
" hluiMJ- irom doing \u25a0 the oa9icst kind of
t-ictoiy'work.i The. applicants;, arc not
aoou«tomed in their own homes .to;. the
lire habits and appliances of the houses
, »liich> they become;, -and
Uercfoie know little of what inspected
of them. TU«y have to be taught evety
vtl,lt.p-in some cases, they never , can
-Z Lots, cf Places. / •
The question is not N whether the pres
ent prejudices ore wise or -right;. They
exist and will 'continue to exist. ;Your
objtct'ls to get employment -where you
will not be altogether - unhappy. ..where
your services please r<and, where youican
make the. living you sjck; and .you can
, afford lo ignore prejudices. . • •.^..• r
Almost i everybody wants good help
help of some kind. . So you will have . no
trouble-in finding, a. place.- Perhaps you
will"be> happier aa='a -non-resident ser
' vant^-','to ! sletß at home/jas^beodver
> tiatments - put ~ it. Try ffl«"»tf fl«"»t for;, such • a
position.' Jt- fives ' you flxed iiours ;for
By bicanor B. Clapp
Copyrisht. UCi. by A. S. B*rnt» & Co.
THE first line of writing on the
envelope should be the name of
the person to whom the letter Is
. addressed, always with his or
her proper title, a3 Mrs.. Miss or Mr.
I^'ever write simply "Mary Smith" or
"John Brown," Lut always "Miss Mary
Eniith." "Mr. John Brown." If the let
ter is written to a child, it should be
cddrcsEcd "Miss Mary Smith," no met
ier what the age of the recipient; while
\u25a0'Master John Brown" is the proper
tuptjrtcription fora little ooy. Beneath
Ui** name .of the recipient on tho enve
lop, and a little to the right, comes the
number of the house and name of the
etrect written in one line: in the next
line comes the name of town or city,
md then the Elate. If the place is a
tniall one. It is best to write also tho
name of Use county, either in a line by
itself before the State or else in the ex
treme lower left-hand corner. • <-,:
If it is necessary to put clo (in care
of), that should be written, together with
the' name of the person to whose care
Ahe letter goss, cither in a line below the
name uf the person to whom the lctttr is
addressed or else in the lower left-hand
corner.
\u25a0The ink used in writing notes and let
ters should always be black. Our moth
ers used to use a pretty shn.de of violet
,ml;, but this is no longer fashionable.
Composing the Note.
Having acquired the correct stationery,
tht right iort of ink and whatever kind
cf put v.« prefer, let ms new proceed to
the business fn ha.^d. In the first place,
btfore writing a word, it is well to sit
iltwn for a lew moments et your dc*k
and ijuict-'y think out what you want to
«ay. and then when you begin to write
you v. ill i.v.C that your ideas flow much
more easily, it us«d to-be considered
r.ctcf&ary to leave a narrow margin on
the left side of the note paper; but, al
though tills is. a very good plan, and
gives the correspondence a neat appcar
ar.te, it is no lonper imperative, and
many of the best-educated people write
4.11 over the paper. But there is. one
practice that never must be indulged in.
nr.d that is to cross your writing; time
is thort and modern eyesight is too pre
< iou* to read communications crossed
like a checkerboard.
The Salutation.
The address to' the person for whom
the note is intended, pr "satutatJon," as
it is called, should begin half an inch
below the address of the tender at the
extreme left of tho.poge. Society has
decreed that the expression "My dear"
is ji little more formal than simply
•Dear." Thus. If, nn acquaintance is
written ' to. "My <Jear Mrp. . Brown"
would be tbe proper form, while i: tb«
- A man, on the oth«r hand, should be
addressed by his. title if he has onft, as
"Major General Green," "Dr. Brown."
etc, or, failing a "handle to his name,"
as "Mr. George Kobinson" or "Gporge
Robinson. Esq." In England this latter
form }s always used except in address
ing tradespeople, but in Arncrjca "Mr."
is more often used,' and is regarded by
many as the most sensible title.
Letters of Introduction.
One of the most puzzling things to
many people is to write letters of intro
duction. This is ; a task which- fulls
more often to a man .than to a woman :
but thcic .come times in the life of al
most every woman when she would like
to give such letters to intimate friends
to present to tier-acquaintances in.dis
tant cities. She should then- write a
short note something like this:'.
Sunset, Colorado.
My Dear Mrs. -Blank:
This will Introduce to you Miss Mabel
Smith, an intimate friend of mine, who
is about to visit' fx T ew York for the first
lime, and Is consequently a stranger in
the city. Any attention which you. may
extend to her will be gratefully appre
ciated by
Yours very cordially,
• . ' ' Mary Brown.
." January -. WM.'; ...-«••.••,
; •••Letters of introduction are never scal
"e«l by the' persoii giving, them;, find, if
• they art: not business -letters., bat slrn
> ply friendly loiters like '•'the" foregoing;,
"-' arc. rarely' delivered -in person, but. ar«
sealed and: sent b>; the j-cclpJent to, the
man or wornan'to whom -t«iey .are ad
dressed. lOgcthcr witri thc^card of _th<s
rcclptcYit/i>h which-is written her city
address. And, if /.you should receive
such a letter of \u25a0\u25a0introduction^frcfm \u25a0 a
friend,"you must call without delay upon
the person IntrpUuccdto you by letter.
•There is another kind of letter which,
unrdrtun'atcly. falls to thelot of most of
us' to .write,'' and that is a letter.of.con
dolence. People with the warmest hearts
ana" the very best , Intentions" in the
world often dread Inexpressibly , a- 'duty
•of this Eoft, and, 'after putting it tiff
, until ths last possible moment;^turn out
.a stiff and stilted hotethat inadvertent
ly wounds the sentibllitlcs xof -those
('•whom It is intended. to < comfort.; •",;
: • % L«ttera of Condolence. •
A letter of condolence should be short
rand simple.. In "a few heartfelt, words
. let your correspondent know how sorry
you arc for ' tho great, loss he has' tuf
fered. Don't- harrow ' already -. 6vsi*
~ wrought feeling* ;by too familiar allu
sions -, to the .deceased. .Such ; a letter
should l be. sent shortly after, thVfuiujral
»hoa .takerJiplact. Lcttonsof condolence
\u0084ar«» alwayc answered., ciUiec;by. the rft
clpjcnt or by some relative ur friend who
kindly undertakes t lie task Xor the grief •
. •LrJtkea One. \u25a0'-\u25a0"'• ' ;\u25a0- '\u25a0'..: --• \u25a0-.•\u25a0,
Intimacy is greater, "Dear Mrs. Brown"
would be the way to address her. If
it becomes necessary to write to'an'ab
solute stranger, the full name should be
first written on one line and directly un
der it, a little to the right. "Dear Mad
ame," or "Dear Sir." as the case may
be. Thus,
"Mrs. John M. Brown,
Dear Madam,"
would be the proper salutation.
Letters to tradespeople are generally
• written in the third person, something
like this: "Mrs. John 21. Brown, 16
Prospect Terrace. Closwillc, Xew Jersey,
would like Smith. Jones &. Co. to send
her impediately six bottles of their best
salad- oil by express. Inclosed find
cheek for the amount."
It goes without saying that the spell
ing of all notes and' letters should be
absolutely correct. If you are -a little
dubious on this score— and some of our
brightest people can never seem to learn
to spell correctly— buy a small, lncx
pensivtt dictionary and keep it in your
desk to consult whenever you are in
doutt.
Whenever you start a nev/ subject, be
gin a new paragraph. *De careful of
your punctuation. I'ut period? at. the
end of your sentences— of course, .begin
ning each new sentence with v capital—
and, it" the sentences are long or at. all
involved, set off some of the dependent,
clauses with comma..".
The Signature.
A woman should sign her letters and
notes "Cordially yours" or "Yours sin
cerely" when writing to friends and a,c
cjuaintances; to relatives or very . lrili
matp friends she usually -signs hereelf
"Yours affectionately" or "Yours with
love." or something of that sort. . A man
is generally "Sincerely yours" or "Faith
fully yours." No one should eVcr»slgn
her name with its title, Mrs. or. Miss,
unless it is put Jn brackets before !tbe
name: and even thia is allowable only
in writing to an absolute stranger, who
otherwise might be puzzled how to ad
dress the reply. '•"\u25a0\u25a0
Postage should never be inclosed Tor
reply except m notes or letters that are
strictly business - communications, >and
then it must always beput in if a. reply
is requested. But In. all social ' corre
spondence it is considered rather an in
suit to inclose return postage, as the
•expense is so slight that our friends are
apt to resent having It sent to then).
The Proper Address. "* " ".
It Js considered very bad form to ad
dress a u-tfe by her husband's title; thus.
..letters to the wife .of v. general should
never, b* uddrttscd "Mrs. General
Orccne."~. but simply. VMn*.- Greene", or
•\u25a0Mr«:-Jamcs H. Greene." -The titles.
"General." "."Judge,* 1 •"Poctor.". J belong
exclusively to the husband, and nut to
the wife. . •
How to Address Envelopes and Begin Notes
An JHioriorable arid Essential Galling
freedom— hours • f or ; social intercourse
•that' will belellfflcult to arrange as resi
dent htlpV'Bc "prompt, be 'faithful at
Work, , and assume responsibilities that
, make you Indispensable to. the mistress
'of 'the house. '- '.','-..• -•"... .':
; ' y.'JLady-hclps" are* of \u25a0no use. ;" The fact
tliat you or.cc kepijservants'and'had all
trie^carev and attention of a- jjlady of
leisure jdoesnot'slveyou eyvh'a pretext
for rtjecting,~a 'position ' as- house ser
vant :> if : you. are 4n ..need. i ..Take.. to j the
work conscientiously; or don't try to do
it at -aH.'>. \u25a0\u25a0'.:_ .;<\u25a0••.'*>\u25a0>.' 'V*:..-- .
"•"OhV':.Ij v am^lnsuch^ trouble,"" said a
. w^mah.'lq me. only .yesterday. "Every
thing fl "had in = the" world' is gone. My
board is three weeks In arrears.' I can't
get- anotrter. meal. • \u25a0 I . was not allowed to
•It /down" to breakfast this morning. I
room across the street and the landlady
ha 3 taken . my trunk away and says I
must pay her 510.- That is what is due
her on the rent."..
;-.. "Why, don't 'you go to work?" - y ;
• "I can't do anything," and shs buried
her" tear-stained face. in her handker
chief.
A Helpless Womap.
"Don't feel so badly about it." I re
marked. "A friend of mine wants some
one to stay with her father, an old man
of 7G, on the homestead out In the coun
try. He. docs not want to come into
;heclty. He is too old, he says, to be
moved.. Everything will be furnished
for a good living, there is a horse and
carriage, chickens, .a good garden work
ed on sharep, so /there i 3 no labor at
tached to it, except to see that the vege
table! are used.' There is no cow to
milk, as the neighbor sells milk and de
livers it. You will have a lot of time
on your hands. You can read, sew,
study music, do anything you like. You
will be paid some money.. I don't know
haw -much and — "
"But who will do the cooking?',*
-. "Why, you, I suppose, as that Js about
all-thc work, there will be to do. Xow,
the young woman next door goes In ev
ery day und-make.3 the old man's bed
and wushes up.the dUhes." ,
VVW'hy.-I .wouldn't couk for anybody.
I cook, when the greater part of the laat
twenty, years ,Im* .been, spent riding
around " ln my \u25a0 own . carriage !"
"Kut Ithought-you had lost-it."
'So .1; have,, but J can't take such a
piace.as lhat. ,What would my: friends
think and say of me?". ...
• "Are they paying your board how? If
so. you have a right to consider them
a Ultle: but If th«y are. willing that you
should be dispossessed for want of rent
money.' l don tiec.what they have got
to do with: the > question."
She flounctd~to--the door, saying, **i
came tn. hero thinking I -would get—"
'."Money.". I interrupted. '.'lnstead, I
'offered' you the only . place-I -know' of
' where you can at least earn your way.
which. you are not doing now, and you
go out offended.' -You are indeed hard
up when. you: can't look your trouble- in
the face."..- .:....•- ' / ,-,-
Train joursslf to be a skilled houae-
keeper, I mean working hous«keep«r.
It will only secure for you the qulck'er
the position as directing housekeeper.
Should you have a chance to take a
course. of systematic training in domes
tic work, by all means take it, then de
mand good wages and you will receive
them. Buy books on Domestic Service
(a good one is by Lucy M. Salmon, of
Vaasar College) and read and profit by
them. >Until the social stigma attached
to domestic service is removed there
will always be employment for a good
servant. Columns and columns of "ads"
calling for help in housework, from the
little girl to wasn dishes to the house,
keeper, appear in every daily paper.
Because of the impossibility of secur
ing, competent help hundreds of fami
lies are forced to board. I am in a ho
tel because I could find no one to tak«
charge of my home; the last servant
leaving because she did not like "to ba
alone in '.he house all day doing noth
ing." I could not find a servant who
could content herself In a place with
so little to do. To me this was ths
"funniest complaint of all.
In thi3 hJotel I notice that everything
is done by specialists, non-re3ldents
who arrive at a certain hour and leave,
regularly at another. The chambermaids
make the beds, pick up things, run tha
sweeper over the floor and ofcst. The
scrubbing is all done by another set of
workers who do nothing els«. The win
dows are cleaned by professionals.
The cooking is attended to by a 'com
petent chef, and then there is the gen
eral housekeeper, whom, by the way, I
have never seen, though I have been
here two years. I mention this merely
to show you how like clockwork every
thing is done in this co-operative way.
livery worker in the hotel is a "sell
respecting skilled laborer, each individ
ual taking up the work she can do best.
The social atigma is thus largely re
moved.
But. after all, it is not home life. for
us. We are forced to live in this way
simply because of incompetent help.
Kvery lady I have asked says the same
thing here. Each would prefer keeping
house if ahe could find the servants to
keep the house going. %
Strict Apprenticeship Needsd.
. The profession of home making and
the trade of home work require strict
apprenticeship. - Hence. If you cannot
attend a school of domestic science— and
I am sorry to say there are few of them
in existence — learn all there is to ba
known about the particular work you
arc called upon to do. and as you changa
your duties add to your knowledge of
vach branch of housework. When you
once know how to do a thing, and know
that you know it. you are well up on
the ladder of success. Th* only great
school of domestic science In the United
States is the Oread Institute, at Wor
cester. Mass. • One year's course is sup
posed to give you a sufficient knowledge
of most household duties. One frea
scholarship is given each year to each
' SUtt* In the Union, y •-.'•\u25a0
. y \u25a0 \u25a0—I iLIM— JIB -: '
HINTS AS TO CORRECT CORRESPONDENCE
HOUSEWORK AS WAY TO EARN MONEY
\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0..\u25a0\u25a0 ;'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•' *.\u25a0••"• .. ; \u25a0 - - -
VHE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAi-X.
PRACTICAL AID AND PICTORIAL DIVERSION FOR WOMEN
THE ONE HIGHER UPJ: ]^VULGAR- MY.^MKBUVW^ERESTING-^VERY''
Coil's \y«kly Cartoon
*on American SocietyEASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
ley;. Grace"'Anclrews', 222! So.utlv--' Third
street, -San Jose; "Frcfr ";£feUbert;' ? lCennet,
Shasta Coiin 'iy '/{ Ro«e v \u25a0 LUvfr T, '\u25a0 1203 Pierce
street/ San. 'l?raij<3scb; vEdna, Daley; [822
JCureka- street,. Snh' Frtmclsco; ;F. Tower.
K\G . -McAllister / street. • San^, g Fra ncisco:
Lottie' G..;Horner. GO JDe Long avenue. San
Francisco; 'J':; Jarnett,'- box'-.s2p,^Sacramen-'
t6; t Fernv'A'itbayer," 173* • Alcatrun' avenge,
Berkeley; ScnwAsTii box "lo2, ' .Wood-
'\u25a0\u25a0 'land; -Yolo County; Frances [Schwest^b^X-J
332, - "\Vooilland. Yolo -County: Beatrice.'
..Pearson,* ;373i.' . Sacramento street," '.-San^
\u0084F rancisco; "^Marguprite * Hagarty, ".* 190l'.-
Howard street, San. Francisco:' Colin I
• Ca'mpbeU. '£751 Bryant street. San Frhn- : ,
'.clsro; -May" Savage. Llvermore:;. KatieV
Taylor, 85S .Castro . street," Oakland: . Wil->
ma Johnson, Livermore; May Taylor, S3S'>
Castro street, Oakland; Carrie ': Jensen, : ;
223.Hpmer.av v enue, Palo'^Alto; Loui? L'n
rath.ilTS..Mission street/ -.San Francisco:
"\Villle; Jeshliej -4ii Lavoy . street, Los An
gefies; Glaays Sketchle'y;; l 33>De Lons^ av
enue. San Francisco; DorteSeeber. i 33
F,lbrida,'sstreet. -Yallejo^Oertrude Thomas,
13; : Vicksbiirg : ''fetreet;V San Francisco;
Martha -rllerser. 1 ££>„ Fifth..^ street. San
Francisco ; .•-Margacet.'W'fl.Uanis, 1024 Re
gentrfStre^t,'.Alameda.' .^'rV.' \u25a0 *
Elghteenth'- «treet, • San Francisco; Rose-
Sagehom, 868 Castro , street,, Oakland; "
Martha Huffaker," Allendale ; Carl'- Seipp, i:
Btege, Contra : CosU County; " Gretta
Shine, - box '• 86, *. Antloch ; i Llll ; Colvih, i 617
Napa' street; : ; Vallejo ; \_~ Harold '-*Mosher,';*;
tOOB street, \u25a0• Berkeley; -Grace'; liip-p:
pincott, 1539. Falrvldw. street,* South Berke-
\u25a0 . , .IV chances are we will have to grt aftcr'tblit plclarc drawing; frrnk ned have hliu cet us out some pax
«le picture* tbiit nre not quite rd dllHctilt nnd twisted ns these .appear to be,\f mm tbeway the answers and
the complaints nrc coiiilbk In. It's not very funny for the Fuwsle Editor, children, ' to/aave thins* thla , iyny»
' but .when- the -wits of .the. puzzle men give out -what are yon colnc to «lof * .• . .£<> .' ,- :
:' . ;"-' So; keep on n trying for n little T»!:ile-yct, until we can look around and uonnlbly 'Und' a nevier and easier
I "series of piixzlon. . In the mrnutlmr, remember that that b!s pile of books U ncrf r< qultf us*il nj», und Mend In
' your ronponx. ~ Thin week yon: have ujrnln the name* of addrcM.ieN on ' envelopes. Xow, two^of, the,te we'eonfeM
iire '; pretty dlfflt-nlt, nnd the ruzrle Editor will explain them .to you.. The ttrst l« Xo. 3. vrhleh-lit ,"Mr. A. Klosr.
'3lriitbr/-Mlnii.V : rtnd-'the" ! slith'"«'Mlsa'nelonfj. Tyrone, I»a.", AVlth these two explained • you ; have - only four left;
that In u(it no very, liiaiiy,, for one of. those' beautiful, little books. Is Itf*' .:'\u25a0_[; i. :•»."..:'-» ... '- <:
' . KKMEMnEII *THE . UULES COXCEKXI.VG PICI'UKKS. Won't send' In 'untoned proolw "or stamp photos."
uule*vthey "lire' very, plain J iTlioae \» ho "work-, bnnl but .are s«» unlucky its to Just nilM» ntnjr jjet tUelr pictures la
na a. ire'iTnrd :for : trylns, rr i Pictures never appear at the name, time na the ; names. \ \u25a0 ' . . \^- .':. --*/ i -"
\u25a0" V "". TIIKRE'.AIIE:OXE"iIUNbREi» AND • KIFTV TIIIZES, and this la'- wVnt you ' ninst do to! win one of themi
r ,''. Solve.;: the ''nddreases .reprrsested; nbove and ivrlte them.- out In ; ,the.- wpaee" opposite .' the ': proper
corresponding: : number provided : . for the : . purpose 1 In * the - coupon .on. this page, . a» per . dlreetlonnj
fill In the 'coupon with' your name anil . address "and clve the prize you desire — If yon - win — -nnd send the
'>uiinon! to the' EIHTOR -OF^THE. XAME PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday^ Collt San Krnnelseo, Cal." ; : ' • *' ,:.
•.; r ' HE3IE3IBEiI^-Tp;\ the -FIRST OXK 'HUXDRED A.\D \u25a0 FIFTY : BOYS AVI* GlRl^s: who "solve the elsnt
puzzles ( eorreetly," one" of . these . ONE H L'XURED AXD FIFTY BE AUTIFV V PRIZIiS will be n waraed, " '• • ;
".;'.'" And j'donn^rorket'" this; next point, because It -Is very; Important i; ALL AXSWERSMtSTMIEACH THIS
OFI^iCE'BV. I'TIIDAYNOOX. This rtlvcs, all those In, the eonntry aaCeqitnl cbance to'eompete. ' Read every
thing nti.thU ptißCi to be sure that you overlook uotblas; that .will -help yon to \rln a prize.; ' ' "• < " x
; \u25a0'; \u25a0"•".'V. THE'XAJIE^ OFJTHK litrCKV AVIXXERS ,.". 'WILL ~ME PUB'-iSHEn - Ixl'-THIS 'SUXDAY .CALL" TWO
WEEKS; FROM TO-DAY, Septeinbcr 3. v; : ' : \u25a0"'\u25a0'\u25a0'•'.; \u25a0 •/-'' \u25a0.* ~ "\',~'' \u25a0'\u25a0 -'. • .! ; -'}. '-..''.'.. \\u25a0 : \u25a0' .[ \u25a0'."\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0.; ' ,
• These jar* .tne^IIEAUTiFUL -BOOKS; from > which yoa may choose; lf you solve, nil the puxzlcs correctly!
\u25a0 ..ttTreasure .Island,**.:. Stevenson; Pocket Encyclopedia Brltknnlca; "Llttle'Lame'l'rlnce," 3luloclc;""Ten Gem*
" from Kipling"; "Wonder ißqok,'* Ha>rthorne|' "V'lc. Autoblojrraphy / of a Fox, TerrlerVs'.' "Uncle .TomV jCabln,".
Stone) "Book -of j Fairy, TiUe»"j-^Black Beauty" j "Alice In ' Wonderland"! Autoblojixaphy ;of Benjamin Frnnklla » ;
800 le \u25a0 of "Adventures . for • Boys |_ Christmas Stories, by IJlckens | - "Twice .Told i Tales,** lluwthorne t "Tom Broirn'a
' School'! paya*"} r "Robert ! ';Hurdy*s f Seven ; Days,**: ' Sheldon; "Elisabeth ' and '. Her : German Garden**) "A Klne Sea : Story
for Boys"| .•'Not [Like Other Glrla,*? Careyj' "The Lone Uonse," Barr. \u0084. s v .-«.,>-\u25a0\u25a0• •.< ••>'' % *
THESE are the names of the lucky
HO prize winners in the puzzle
contest of August 7, which repre
sented th« names of addresses:
Cccli Anderson. Martinez; Philip Mur
ray, Ross, Marln Count y; Will Christen
eoii. San Anselmo, Marln County; Carrie
Leavitt, Z\2\(. Langton street, San Fran
cisco; Miriam Beal, 1613 Xinth > street.
Oakland; Frances JZ. Xyde, 1609 Santa
Clara avenue, Alameda; Corlis Hinds, 907
Ohio street. Vallejo; Grace, Bryant, 1627
Kddy street. San Francisco; G. XV. Ly
man, 4l't> Kentucky street. Vallejo; Irma
A. Grisza, 91t Bryant street, San Fran
cisco: Milmer Sharp. 1217 Buena Vista,
Los Angeles; Ally Barnard, Vlsalla; Fred
Barnard, Box 633. Visalia; H. Smith, 1112
Union street, San Francisco; Leonard
Lockwood, 1-J35 Fifth street, Alamada;
Theodora Howe, Box 159, San Diego;
Alma Moeller, 713 O'Farrell street, San
Francisco; J. L. Mayu, HOC Bush street,
Saa Francisco; Regina Lyndon, 479 Ellis
6treeU San Francisco; Margery E. Glass,
1340 Pine street, San Francisco; Ruth A.
Stark, 7C7 Thirteenth street, Oakland;
Marjorie Wiggins. 2001 Charming Way,
Berkeley; Wickes E. Glass, 13W Pine
street, San Francisco; Allan Dailey, 1506
Franklin street, San Francisco; Mildred
Burnham, 1506 .Franklin street, San Fran
cisco; Ella McLain, Tracy; Klmer John
ton, 407 Hayes street, San Francisco;
Dorothy Orpin, 124 Fourth avenue, Rlch
•mon District, San Francisco; A. Leavltt,
£00 Pacilic avenue, Alameda; Opal Gotli,
3117 P street, Fresno; E. Lucy, 1033 W.
Granite street, Butte, Montana; Julia
Joseph. Tracy; Miriam Alvord, 531 Brans
iorte street, Vallejo; Inez Tripp, Vallejo;
Marielle Merkei, 2256 Mission street, San
Francisco; Eva Stromberg, SCI Jackson
street, Oakland: Pat Burke. Burke. So
noma; Mabel Burke. Burke, Sonoma;
Louis Wurm, 2521 McAllister street. San
Francisco; R. C. West, Tracy; Edna
l>auerheim, 2514 McAllister street, San
Francisco; L. Dobonls, 05 E Fourteenth
street. East Oakland; Myra Hodges, 1423
Versailles avenue. Alameda; June Crowell.
220 E. Washington street, Stockton; Mar
guerite Siack, box 620, Livermore; Tillie
Whi taker, Tracy; Verna Douglas, Tracy;
Clyde Guy, Tracy; Chase Douglas, Tracy;
Harold Campbell. Clark & Henry Bldg..
Stockton: Kenneth Douglas. Tracy; Liz
zie Gorden, 17i£ Pacific avenue. Alameda;
Thomas C. Boyl<». 2507 Steiner street. San
Francisco; Dorothea O'Xeill, 523 Grant
Etreet. S. Vallejo; Lucille Cook, St. Hel
ena. Xapa County;* M.« M. West, Box 37.
Tracy; E. Seckler, 1137 Magnolia street,
Oaklan-; Ralph Rehorn, 1115 P street,
Fresno; Kitty Coakley. 11G3 Peralta
\u2666street. Oakland: Harry Wallace, 643 Mid
dlefield road. Palo Alto; May Van Al
styr.e. Sl7 Fifth street. Oakland; Floyd
Le Febore, Pinole; D. M. Alderton. Ham
ilton avenue, Palo Alto; Rena M.
Bruce, 1R33 Suiter street. San Francisco;
Emile Amdes. 1357 McAllister -street, San
Francisco; Irene Morris, 791 South First
\u25a0treet, San Jose; Alice Mayburry, An
tioch, Contra Costa County; Helen Att
"w-ood, '2512 McAllister street. San Francis
co; Charlie Attwood. 2512 McAllister
etreet, San Francisco; Jack Attwood, 2511
McAllister street, San Francisco; Hazel •
Burns. 1754 Seventh street. Oakland; Har
vey Morris. 867 Mission street. San Fran
cisco; Howard Cobb, 842 Ramona street.
Palo Alto; Luella Gray. 227 Clinton Park.
Ban Francisco; P. T. Haines, 54S Stockton
6treet. San Francisco; Ramona Hanby,
£12 Wood street. Oakland: Dolores Han
by, Sl2 Wood street. Oakland; Sylvester
McKenna. 1025 Capp street, San Francis
co; Lillian Mcßurnle, 107 Hayes street
San Fraafcisco; Hattie Courtney. 45 Alva
rado street. Fan Francisco; Beulah Mil
ler. 1025 P street. Fresno; May Meacham,
2725 X street. Sacramento; Alice Lelbld,
125 Fifth' street. Santa Rosa: R. ChVls
xnan. box 275 Clements; Marion MaeGlll,
CO2 Florida street. Vallejo; Hinim Prath
er. Fairfield; Annie Riedel. Chlco; Emma
Eissler. 10 Sycamore avenue, San Fran
cisco; Ruth Weaver. 1210 Jefferson street
Oakland; Wiiber Stah!. 1504 Franklin
street. San Francisco; Jennie Brown, 1625
Eddy street, San Francisco; Alice : Burke
Burke. Sonoma County: Ellen. SuUon 567
South Sixth street.' San Jose; Violet
Gates. 25 Sycamore Ftrcet. Santa Cruz-
Ella Wall, 172S Alcatraz avenue. South'
Berkeley; R. Nelson, 1229 Sanchez street,
Han Francisco; Ruth Gray. 227 Clinton
Park. San Francisco; Irene Meruy. Rich
mond district. 119 Six.- avenue. Sari Fran
cisco; Emfty Pellman, 205 Fourteenth
etreet. San Francisco; Will PJppincoth,
1533 Fairview street. South Berkeley; Vel
ma Paul, box S5, Suisun; J. Kilkenny. 333
Georgia street, Vallejo: Hattie Mace, 1210
Larkin etreet. San Francisco; Mildred
Eastey. 200 South Seventh street, San
Jose: Kath Valkers. 448 Xorth Tenth
Ctreet. San Jose; Beatrice Miner, 126»4
Liberty street. San Francisco; Ernest
Brown, 1557 Pacific avenue, Alameda;
Sclma Frazier, 2731 X street. Sacramento-
Florence Henery, 303 Sacramento street^
Vallejo; Audrey Orpin, 121 Fourth avenue.
Richmond District. San Francisco; Eliza
Lash, box 85, Suisun; Edith Cheline,.£2s
Kentucky etreet, Vallejo: lone Johnston,
Ban Mateo: Shakespeare, Tracy;
Leslie Kerdell.' 1529 Sherman street, Ala
meda; Irene Scott, 15 Laskie street,' San
Francisco; Gladys Johnson; 1280 Fifth
avenue, Oakland; Gertrude Ouehen, 4592
These Are
the Lucky
150 Prize
Winners
in the Puzzle
Contest
August 7.
NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
V and Send It to '
the Pnzzle Editor,
| Sunday Call, S.F.
! \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 _^____ ' '
»\u25a0' - .
; To Pa*zle Editor, Soaday C«U,
| San Francisco »
; (Below la their proper na>
','\u25a0 hfn please flad .my solottoa of
; the addresses repreaeated la til*
I week's pusxleai
: x
; a ........:... .4. .1 ..•...•
I 3 •
: 5 :'"" ""\u25a0 v
; 6 ...i.....i....;
; Name
Street or P. O :
"City ;
State •
If I win I choose for prim
(See List of Prixes.)The San Francisco Sunday Call.no_textno_textno_textIvOXDON, Aug. IS.— "ls the* American
KM losing her popularity in Eng
lanflT" Is a Question which one hears
frequently asked in society circles here.
Many declare that she is not so much
admired as she used to be. She has
grown more reserved, more dignified—
In short, more English. She has made
the mistake of trying to imitate the
English girl. In most cases, perhaps, it
has been unconscious imitation, but the
result has been the same. It is her un
conventionality and pronounced indi
viduality — her unlikeness to the Eng
lish girls in a word — that have made
her such a huge success heretofore.
In the degree that she gets to resemble
them she loses the characteristics that,
combined with her grace and beauty,
constitute her chief charms in English
eyes. The American girl often makes
the mistake of spending too many
consecutive seasons among English so
ciety. She should return to her native,
land every year or two to get the ef
fect of English associations rubbed off
and become thoroughly Americanized
over again, even to her accent.
The popularity of the American hos
tess, on the other hand, is increasing
rather than diminishing. She is cer
tainly doing most of the entertaining
just now. But her popularity rests "on
*<wr><-wiijt di Cerent foundations. She is
in «. position to make her dollars count.
As long as she can give more lavish
entertainments than her English, com
petitors her position In the front rank
Is assured, *
Like the Duchess of Manchester, young
Mrs. Bradley Martin promises to become
an accomplished dancer In the Scotch
style. Donald McKay, a professional
Scotch dancer and piper, has been giving
her lessons and he has found her a most
apt pupil. She learned the Highland
fling in six lessons, but Scottish jigs and
reels she found more difficult. In six
months, however, she made "it evident
that she Intended to thoroughly master
Scotland's "poetry of motion." She gave
one hour each day, except Sunday, to her
studies, and now she needs a teacher no
longer. At society functions in Scotland,
especially in the Highlands, Scotch dances
•to the tunes of the Scotch pipes always
constitute a part of the entertainment,
, &nd American women making their homes
[•In Europe frequently find' themselves in
*m. ratner awkward position when they are
[ forced ; to sit down and merely look on.
:Th© Duchess of Roxburghe was like Mrs.
! Sradley Martin obliged to take lessons.
LONDON, Aug. 13.— One of "Washing
ton's famous- legal lights, a confirmed
bachelor and a member of what has been
called the old "residential aristocracy" of
that city, has decided to leave the land of
his birth and settle permanently in Eng
land. •
In discussing the matter with a corre
spondent he said that be Intended to take
this step" because he was tired of T^ash
ington society and wished , to get away
from a locality where, as ne expressed it,
"even my bootblack thinks he is as good
as I any"
He longs to retire from his profession,
in the practice of which he has accumu
lated a considerable fortune, and ; become
one of England's -landed proprietors. In
fact, he has picked out his place, a prop
erty that exactly suits him. and will-soon
return to the United States to dispose of
his "Washinugton residence, close; up , his
business affairs and then conclude the
purchase of the English estate. It-is'sit
uated in Devonshire, the most beautiful
county . in • England, and comprises 13,000
acres, Including a parish in its boun
daries. The disposal of a church living
also goes with the property. The v pur
chase price is about $100,000. /
j Pending the completion of the transac-;
tion, the correspondent is ; under, a pledge jj
not to disclose the" name^of
'gufshed ;"Washlhgtonlaii*who pref ers^Eng^
land to America, as" a place in which. -to
take life.eafey.' If all'his planssgo-through
as arranged he will take possession of the
Intends to Invest His Cash
in the Purchase of
a Devon Estate.
'Ought to Return Home Every
Year and Get Foreign
Airs Dissipated-
So He Decides to Spend
HisDa^sinOld
<; England,
Imitate British Sisters
and Their Charm
Vanishes.
\u25a0 Last summer, when. the Duchess gave
[ a big dinner party at "Egypt," the;lux
i urious seaside- house she; has occupied
j for several years; during the Cowes sea
, son.. both the King and the Queen were
I present, and when the (Duchess enter-
tains .the f King? this fall at Braemar
Castle, the historic-Scotch-seat adjoin
ing Balmoral, .which she, has just taken
1 for 1 the ' 'grouse : season, :it Is more than
likely that ,:the QQueern r will also be a
I member, of the. party, r It' is a fact -that
["Alexandra iis.jseldom or never.? present
I at the famous parties"' which
1 c" Dv chjessJjf4J«^ «p_ixeaucn t ly- in^ Lon- ;
\u25a0-"don'iespecially.-for^the^Kinffv- but that
is, merely becau se her Maj esty cares ; lit-'
'tie' for; bridge, and .is not over and above
fond of some of the King's "pals," who, 5
As a matter of fact,. there is no doubt
whatever , ; that with. the ; handsome, ; rich
and clever American .woman who is the
mother of the • present" Duke .' of Man
chester, the King: is really. Just genuine
ly '; "chummy." /rhe' best jprobf , of It\is
that the; Dowager Duohess Is almost
as great a friend: of Queen {Alexandra
as she is of her, husband. , Likewise that
she has almost as big a "pull" with hor
Majesty as she"; has .with the " King.l- No
one ' ever \u25a0 heard J. of : the Queen deput
ing certain :, other /\u25a0;-,-, of the King's
friends to. represent her at a smart ba
zaar or making them \ stewardesses J of
come of her most benefao-
Ltlons .to charity; but such marks ;: of
royal favor, have been bestowed -on \ the
Dowager Duchess of Manchester times
without number. And although the
houses, outside these of : royalty, which
the Queen honors with her presence do
I not number a dozen ; all; told. King-Ed
ward's consort is. frenuently the guest
of the Dowaser ; Duchess. "
REAI. "FRIENPS AT COURT."
* LONDON, -Au*s l9.— • Of late quite • a
number of events shave called attention
to the I rather : remarkable friendship
that exists • between;- King Edward VII
and Conßuelo. . the * American 9, Dowager
Duchess ; of Manchester." That . friend-
Bhlp. deserves '^to ,be 'described In this
way because of : an "uncommonly ..••. inti
mate nature. It \u25a0 has lasted \u25a0 for nearly
thirty years— or since ; a short timo
after the Duchess j cairie ; to ! this country
as the bride of .the late Duke :of Man
chester— without a singlo rupture, and,
what is more. J, without; so ?much as. an
insinuation : ln connection s with] it v ; .
Special Cable to The '= Call.
interesting event. .' For ! the % youthful
Duke and Duchess the King and Queen
are | said '; to' \ care , not a '? particle, ;r; r the
King ;'\u25a0 regarding the Duke j as I somewhat
of a duffer land despising a -man ; who
cannot keep" his financial ' affairs out^of
the newspapers.* \u25a0 V- _ • \u25a0 .:
: On the other hand. It is -now asserted
by r those *; "in the know" ; that . it ? was
the"- Dowager \ Duchess % who dissuaded
the ' King * from making his * long prom
ised visit to Kylemore Castle.'C the Man
chesters'v seat, when he visited Ireland
last year. . The young Duchess of Man
chester is J not /especially well liked ; in
tbe highest circles \ and by • her> rather
ungracious manner ia I said to ; have : in
curred the \u25a0 displeasure ' of her mother
in-law, who,', though notoriously gener
ous by disposition," .\u25a0; is a hard :\ hitter
when mad. And ; only,? a' word* from \ her
was necessary, to shatter air her "fresh"
young daughter-in-law's i dreams of
royal patronage. . '...,-;' -
3 * HOW: »HB GOT .THERE. ;
\u25a0'\u25a0- One naturally asks^ how,; this: American
woman," rich; .titled and : attractive , as she
is, managed to . attain ' her present f posi
tion ; f or .!, It ', takes - a good \ deal ; more ; than
these fairly . common advantages ; to -gain
for their t possessor > the personal' friend
shiptof i the King, of England. : Well,", to"
begin .with , \u25a0'. Consuelo,-' Duchess •of \ Man
chester, is "exactly, the:; type of : woman
that the Kingilikes best— that Is; one \ who
is clever, who is \u25a0. well . Informed , and " who
can talk ,well>: -The, 1 most •% beautiful " of
women has absolutely ! no | attraction - for
Amencan Maidens
Make Serious
Mistake.
She Is Also a Close Friend of
Mis Royal Consort.
Washington Social
i Life Becomes
-;\u25a0 railinff.
o
ASTOR IDEA
IS ADOPTED
BY LAWIER
LOSE GRASP
ON ENGLISH
ADMIRATION
Duchess ofv Manchester Wins
the Monarches Esteem.
AMERICAN WOMAN KING EDWARD'S COMRADE
AND NO SCANDAL ATTACHES TO FACT.
No' lnsinuation has ever been made
re carding thti Intimate friendship
\u25a0which exists between Kins Edward
VII and Consuelo, the Oowtger Duch
ess of Manchester. The rich and clever
American peeress is also one of Queen
Alexandra's best friends and privileged
to call ' on her without fftrinaT notice.
Striking instances of the Duchess* In
fluence with both royal personages are
numeron*. She stre« frequent brl J«e
parties \u25a0 for • the ' Kins* ud f * to enter
tain him nt Brae mar Castle, the historic
\u25a0cat ah e has taken lor tho grouse
season. "White 'Lodge" was rented to
her at his Majesty's request while mov
ing ' front her former London residence
to her Insurious new place In Grosvenor
square, which has a room fitted up un
ael her personal direction for royml
brldse parties.
American Peeress Who Is Good , Chum of Kiftg Edward r and Houses
Devonshlre estate this fall! ,
:j: j p.; O; Mlllsi , : who i "i is \ visiting his daugh
ter, Mrs. Whitelaw ' Reid, at ; Dorchester
HoSise; is taking little - pare In the social
affairs; of the" American Embassy. VtTh'e
gay world of fashion" has • never attracted
bim and \ with increasing ' age \u25a0 he ; finds : big
functions more than ever^a bore" y Ho has
alWays ; retired \ early from , the ,; f e w- : that
he", has \ reluctantly,! attended.' in <j London;
He hasj found much. more: congenial k occu^'
patlon for / his m leisured in* visiting |seml4
philanthropic \ institutons desgned • to ; help
solve the housng problem for poor people.
Mr^." Mackey can claim: the distinctionl of
being.' the~f first •' society ; '. woman i to
this ; Warwickshire town ," distinguished
this* respect >.' vv-';- : 'r,, .: "":\-
Mrs. Frank Mackey. whose social career
here has been truly meteoric, even for an
American woman with abundance -of
money, means to make Leamington,-, ln
Warwickshire, a center of social activity
during the coming season. An ; extensive'
polo ground is being laid out * there! and
eorae of the best polo players,. both Eng-
Utb and American, will foregather, there. 1
but the moveicents did not commend
themselves to her and she humorously
remarked that she feared she would never*
become an accomplished "prancer." She
has, however, learned to "«tep It" pretty
fairly and need no longer take, a back
Beat at any Highland entertainment."
Following the example of his friend » Mr.
Carnegie. Mrs. Bradley Martin's; father
has Installed a Highland piper at Beaufort
CastleJ , .
I the i King sunless j she •|s r bright l. and i can
amuse : him. 'fy Moreover \ttiif- Duchess7 has
! another ? faculty iwhich^! always \u25a0 has = made
\ a] hit with'; King* Ed ward-^-she is a perfect
entertainer^.and \ never [eyeni considers' the
questidnTof expensej in^attalhihg 'the : limit
of, 1 sumptuou sness ; andl luxury .1,; Of course
she didn't getTto'<be'the{Klhg's"! best,wom
an; friend I without! the • exercise of { uncom^"
njontact and good. management," but she
had! luck font her fsidei^too:]! Hardly! had 1
Bhefarrived \ ml this^cbuntry^thanj ahef had ;
the -unusual ; good \u25a0 fortune^to , be ' cuampion-'
ed«lntpublic»by,itherKing;hlmself.« ,' . :. =
' This r^ InßlB76,'S the fi r former,'; Miss
;Tznaga'of !Louisiana*havihg|been|one?ot.
the>flrst f American yeomen i| to
marryi: intol the}i English f peerage.^ Oddly,
enough,^ It; was f atl"Whlte| Lodge.'.'^where :
she has so recently '» been entertaining him,
by, his desire, are always invited ' to :
these parties. / ,
the potency of the ."pull"
whichT the' Dowage r»: Duchess x has Vwith
, both '; the iKing^ and Queen,'; theVel is: sim-i
plyino^question^ i.::' ; ..-\u25a0": "\ \u25a0\u25a0. .".:..-. -; !
. J Mostpersonsiwill' remember, that both
;the J Kingfarid^'Queen'-fAlexandra f were
, present : at Uhe Vchristeninglof Jthefpres-'
eiit Duke T ofsManchester's little son: and*
; heir.r and -"that ?the \u25a0'; Queen?* stood!' god-;
mother^ to . him. >; This i was generally, in-*
terpreted ias -a; great '* markj of- royal ;
friendship* to?the? young) nobleman and'
I his /American I, wife^but J lt\> reallyi.was ;
• nothing i of « the/sort/;. .: It? was {doneli en "- i
tirelyitoj please ith'e^ Dowager i Duchess^
1 ! herself s*taklngj.the*{initiatlve5 *taklng j .the*{initiatlve
and'i telegraphing^; to (off erv herself Jas 1
godmother as soon: as \u25a0•she* heard' 'of Jthe
'$;j; j Comparatively} early/ In ith eir { acquaint
ance £ the^ Duchess \u25a0 got 'the' chance -to » do
' ; the •'\u25a0 King *f a• J friendly rf service --which %he
never! has ' f orgottenrr? She] got some money,
for, him.*,";; It ; la} rather, notorious ; that there
.were"; not 1 : infrequent^occasiohs iwhenl the
Jthen Prince; of .Wales 'rather^seyerely
1
-, terms T on I ,which; the ] two "were,^
' even I then,^ that \ the j Prince ithis |tlme; told
jthe | Duchess « of j his jembarf assment|>The
sum ho\ waited f was j $25,000.*^. The>puchess
managed - to r raise) it j, wlthinj twelvel hours
itha|timej she Ihadj heard (of I the} King's
acrape'andiwent straight! to^ him (with Jthe
checlt'S; There] is| no i'doiibt "that k the fact"
.was | done ; through pure >. friendship,^ but
it;wßB" r oneJof|the^best; r ßtrokesTbf;.u6licyi
r>- The '; King'/; then -Prince of Wales,; was
greatly '.annoyed, 1 \ and 'as \ soon "as "\u25a0 he ; got
a chance/ gavejhisjhostessjajjreat'dress-i
ing v'dcwn; for,)' allowing' the '\u25a0 subject ito ;be
' discussed S in **view t i of .^the \fact ..that^the
Duchess twas i the ) on\y f "American ? woman
\u25a0 present J arrd ' a/.stranger at that.'*. Later: ln
,the\ evening l.thoSheir^ 3 apparent jmade^a'
point of apologizing to the young! Duchess:
for* what t, he ''described! as * an -outrageous
breach* ofjgbod
dance 5 that I followed 5 he * paid \u2666 her I marked ;
attention:-J\That iwas |the i beginning ;; r of * a
friendship . which" p has J f ew/> parallels iin
court annals/^ind .which' grows heartier as
years^gojby.^,^-^^-;..";' -''',': " '-'v/'* : ':r-^'. ; * :
- -.\u25a0 A' " \u25a0 : -:- J ;r. - \u25a0,'..-•; . - \u25a0 \u25a0:'•\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0- \u25a0--.
that , the ; Duchess • first' 1 met the ; King.> The'
occasion^wasi a '- dinner,,, party. . given \ byi
the j Duchess fof * Teck <. to '\u25a0 meet ) ."the ?• fair'
'American, 'X\ as/the". Duchess ;Kwas Vjthen'
called.*?*; After s\ dinner - the ''\u25a0• conversation :
, was | rather ; tactlessly, allowed \u25a0 to '", turn ion
,the relative merits' of 'and 'Americ
an; society womeni'arid:"sorne rather acrid
things iWere'Said.V::"*---" '.'.V'-'r ""' \u25a0'•'. ' ., \2'- vav *•"\u25a0;\u25a0
-/Heretofore th«se parties have • taken
place * at ; the \ Duchess* . town house In
Portman Square, of which she has not
yet succeeded in disposing, but in fu
ture 'they .will be held ; at the luxurious
residence In Grosvenor Square, * which
her t Grace -has rented from the
Duke of Westminster. It is Quite the
most 'striking - house .In the : square—
Which 'is, 1 ! of .course, the most .fashion
able one' in London— being dlstlnguish
,ed by : its * bright reddish color; and its
bricks .picked ; out with white. Con-,
suelo's neighbors include Earl Fltzwil
liam'and ->. the ; Duke of Portland, who
have the houses on either side; J. Pier
pont Morgan r Jr.^ the Duke of Somerset
' and "the . Italian > Embassador. jMNKMl
I : . ; Th e: Duchess* 4 " small ; hall, painted in
cream "jcolor.'" and . gold, *- leads .through
square-paned glass doors to an: Inner
hall; and . into the . dining-room, a
spacious "apartment." also done in" white,
wh Ich ; runs- through .to the back, over
lookln~g--a;.small'garden."\u25a0-_ Some beau
tiful paintings adorn' the 'walls and the
whole suite of, reception rooms i» of the
period =of Louis -XVI, .while l the furnlf
ture. is French of ti»e same period."!' One
"room is fitted up exclusively for, bridged
while Cone on "the grouhdjfloor is *re
served' s for ;?the Klng%when^hel dines.
Here : he" can'jbe : received before dinner. \u25a0
. thus ? avoiding J the •; necessity 'of 3 coins
upstairs, an - exercise , th« Kin* dislike* >; \u25a0\u25a0;
the "throne the /King has Bhown a
preference for small dinner parties not
numbering over a dozen persons, , and
no ; one, with the possible exception or
his 'friend." Sir Ernest Cassel, arranges
such functions as much to his Majesty's
taste as the Dowager Duchess of Man
chester.
many, different entertainments
,that} : the*.; Duchess gives j for » the '-King's
vbeneflt.iperhaps .the most; notable, are
\u25a0 her :- "dinner-bridge" -\u25a0 parties. His v-Ma-
' jesty | always ; has {enjoyed « din ia g- with
it he; Duchess, 5 ! who3inade;aj point* of ! hav-.
French I'chef^ye'ar.sObef ore -this
became J a J regular f ; custom ," In' arlstof 1
cratic • households!" ' "; Since *he :'' came : ta
! ever-pulled off.** By the 'way/ ? an' indi
cation or, the 5 Intimacy 'which jj has I since
: existed . the "„ Duchess ; and ': the
King,' and .Queen -Alexandra .too, '.' Is jthe
fact -contrary 'to* "the"-" usual "court"
ceremony," the 'American" peeress is privi
leged ",to r call ton their. Majesties? without
being, obliged ; to": notify ,' them in .' advance;
'and . it is \u25a0 said I that :\u25a0 both 1 the \u25a0" royal ' per
sonages "are 'equally unceremonious : with
\u25a0her.T, ••...'"•\u25a0".•\u25a0-:"\u25a0' •" '\u25a0"\u25a0' "\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ;:\u25a0-"".":\u25a0.>- w? ;
\ 'Probably the, privileges . she thus en
joys;' have ''compensated • the 7 Dowager
Duchess,*- In - a.way,', for,- the] disappoint-^
ments v of 5 ! the"",rest of \ her f life, which
i has 'been * rather.' a ; sad , one. ,* . It X is ; not
likely'that i she .mourned ?long^ for, the
; late : Duke," her. husband,' for, he was one
"of fthe ; highest 'rollers^ in -European so
ciety. £.but^ the };deaths % of "'her .:.•-. twin
'daughters iwere^blqws ' from {which * she
has ?* never.? recovered." eldest ;';.Yof
died .through -the effects of '&'\u25a0 chill
on'i delicate' lungs; and ; the -second. Lady,
'Alice^ Montagu;; afreally ; beautiful; girl,'
f roih> consumption.:' ."'A '\u25a0 couple -of z years
ago] it i was i thought " ? that ; the * young Duke
was 5; suffering Strom *, the* same , disease,
but <ayvvife_.\who ;' takes "extremely; good
care \ of ' him Tseenis* to have ; saved t the
situation"- and -he, "is, -'now '", in v robust
: 'UKEs'hEH "BRIDGE" DINNERS.
Pages 17 to 24
The San Francisco call.
PagesJ7to24
S AN^FRANCISCO; z : SUNDAY^^AUGUST 20;, 1905.most pleasant affairs that this Jodge. has!
ever;giv.en.-- There.. was ; : a'\ large ? .>a.tten- ;
dance "', that was [ delighted /with . the \ pro^ ;
grarrirriej of "entertainment .that was pre-.
pared - fty -'. the. committee v; consisting -of •
Frank: J/ McGuire,' H/8.-B.iGhapfman,,
F. "VW Swari,;J.^T.* Blake i and D.': A. Hag- j
gerty,", and which consisted fbfiari" over-,
tare by \u25a0 , the'; Anderson/ orchestra*; addrc ss f
by; Grand Recorder C.":.T. i Spencer,'"so'ngby '
Elsie : Stefn," >baritone" solo iby rLeon :i S. :
Blackman, ' selections -by : the Ladies' : Na
• tlonal / Quartet" and comicalities by -the
The Annuitants.
Home Council ' of the \u25a0 Order of Perido
is making a good .record: in -the matter
of : Increasing its membership, also along
the line of social , features fori the /enter
tainment of its \ members and , thoselwho
:become their guests./ * ; During past
two ? months not a meeting ' has been : held
that there" 'has / not / been > work ',' ln the
Initiatory * degree,"^ with' the/assistance • of
the . drill which ; is now ~ perfect! Iri
evolutions. .This team is'rpractlclnglfor
thY annual contest on' theevenlng of SSept^ t
tfcmberiSarid' It v expects \to Iwin. the [ban
ner | whichl has \u25a0_ been offered." The 'council
has been paying, 1 particular; "attention Uo
the .social feature of the forcer, \u25a0 not only
on special nights, but after' every 'meet-*
* Golden Gate "Council is also^. doing well,
having/ strangers '. to\ initiate lat "almost
every^ meeting. % It I soon,; if /the
entbuslasnu^f the membership keeps up,
to * nass" the 7
PreDarations^ are /being made , for a
grand during,, which . an r ef
fort will be made to lncreabe" '*" the mern-'
Order of Pehdo.
.The ; Grand s- Lodgre-.. officers:; of
Ancient^Order ' of i'Workmeri {are per
fecting^ their y plans- for the"'/ grand
class;, initiation to be < held i iri this ; city
on^Octbber 28,Infcelebratlbn of . the ari^,
niverasry/of ;the;foundation'!of ithe'ior-*
der,', arid i' in- whlchHtheSrriemoershipf of
the^; lodges^;- of Jithfs "f: cltyr^Sanz&Mateo^
Sarita^Clara.^TAlameda/tt contra* r^Costar
Solano, \u25a0 Napa, Sonoma and Marin coun
ties will take part. A number of pub
lic"rrieetirigsvwill;beh'eld;infeach county
and v.well-kribwri i speakers % will » be "S as
signed: tol address "; these ymeetin gs.-^The
grand ; body Cwlll -offer cash
prizes. ;' to i the -.lodges-! that ?shalli make
jthelbest.showlng^of ; candidates onl that
occasion. .;';;'.Y ?\u25a0'-:' . .\u25a0'..'.-\u25a0\u25a0:.- :\u25a0-\u25a0:\u25a0- •- ' :;;.': ;;.' '\u25a0':\u25a0\u25a0./ '--.'\u25a0} ,'
S|fThe Tclass; initiation 7 of- Mount -Ham 11-;
toni Lodge I bf\ San'; Jose i recently ' was ? a
decided : success. > \u25a0 :>: > V^Vf, Y : ';^f f \ "- '.. J.j:"; j : -K- i"- ••:\u25a0
Grand •Overseer..: Peterson has called
a 5 meetln g J the district % deputies sin
lA.lameda| County j I er i thejpur"p"ose"i of liti-i
structlrigfjf.them <in i regard I. tot the ' exf
tension "\u25a0;. work : .'lri" the : ' county f. of ; -Alaf
meda.'... \:-,/,. \^'-': '":'.*'•>'.'[ ; .i"-, '-."';\u25a0. •'.\u25a0". -'''.y^".
t'i Grand : Rfecelver; Booth ; returned •from
PbrtlandXrecentlyi^ndHn?arshort(tinie
h^willjjtell.* lhfyerse,~ hisjexperlerices fat
the? great; fair." v^hlle: in" the: AVebfoot
'country'|heTyieitedra^nTi:uueri'of ' lodges
of^the;A.ncient|Order^bf|UnnedtvVork"
irie'nt and 4,'of .'the ? Degree] of ] Honor. ; ;. ,;
f; -The'j silver^'annlvefsary/i eriteftammerit
that = was j given f by j*<Frleridshlp| Lodge ! In'
the ] lit ter ipartfof :" July . iril the i Social *Halli
of the ; Shiels =\u25a0 building^ was? one fot | the
Alice J Haze and ,, Mac i, Ludinghouse
have been 7 elected ;as * the representa
tives to • the 4 High i Court from - Com
panion Court McKlnley, Independent
Order oi} Foresters.' : .\u25a0 :
" ; The '--board^of \ San-; Francisco deputies
paid; tt;vlsit *last : "week.Ctoi Court Seal
Rock ' and " under J good ; s 'of -"\u25a0 the^": order
gave J the '•'. members many V intefestin 'g
points I to I think 'about [oriTthe : subjectfof
extendlngr^thelllriilts^of Jthe^order.c The
followingirilfirhtJtheXvisltirig-.comrrilttee
paid a". visit ' to] Court' Sail; Francisco \u25a0 arid
Instructed the \u25a0 members along the : line
otl fraternal /duty. .. \u25a0 ' ' , .' V;
;.. After 7 ' business, last *\u25a0. week. \u0084 C ourt
Golden iGatej brought; outfits
degree UeanV^ together with \ ; Its ;? ,wlld
"Arab j steed " and •;; traditional^ goat, v and
conferred the r degree -(bn;- a '.- number; of
pilgrims; ,who % had % travel ed from? f ar
arid i wide ito ', become .: Princes 4 jot £'. the
Orient.'; .They ' becamel such^/The i; mem-;
bers of the • team \ were « attired | In ';• new
cbstuines ' and 1 presented; a'- nne^ appear
'ance."-^^BBWBMBB^<r.-: ' \u25a0' \u25a0 . \u25a0\u0084"•."-; ;',' ;;- : :: ;!v
h',The.; visit of ; High Chief = Ranger; G V Q.;
Btewart ; ; to I Court i Sierra ; recently;; was 5 a
genuine "i lovftj-f east/ T members
delighted \to I welcome "\ the ) head ; ; of i the [or-;
deri of i the I high \ court } of | Calif ornia' and
thehighjchlef^asjdellghtedito'meet^with 1
the ; boys ,of j Slerra/ruThere l was', consider;
ablej information < given £ as^to y what 4'i is*
being idone'jf or.^the'i holding; of > the /next
e< ssion . of : the * high f court i; In- the capital
"cityij3«Ss£ \u25a0\u25a0 '. -•\u25a0 ;;;; -:;v£V 1 .-';VU'' :; J'
1; Miss ;i Pauline Stewart,",; clerk t for,; High
Secretary; Brown/; has ' beeri\ spending • her
, ; Trie \u25a0 Ban ; Francisco Annuitants , had a
very . pleasant j party *in \ their 3 hall '. in ;* the
Red3Men's;buildlnglilastiweek;<and-:in
addltl6n*>to; progressive whlst^therejwas
dancing ;. f or :; those Iwho] d! 4? not \ care"! to
de?ve "into .the • mysteries fof ?that ; popu^
lar/same. .- This '\u25a0 lodge iwlll haVe ; a" ban£
at : that :time '\u25a0 showj it vtb ': be>- In . a v«ry .
prosperoiis" # cohditrbn.'i Some of {ihe '. scouts
have ; caplyred \ three .strangers '\u25a0 who
lurking'i in'^the [court's.; f orest.Van-1 ? if an
investigation ; proves ' them" to ,b«T -lesiraiSle
persons -^they^wlll:. be- Initiated : into (the
mysteries' of; the order.V/,J"J -. -• y'. . '\u25a0 '- \u25a0
/i High \ Chief Ranger/ J.'^ B."-. Sanford is at
Larley ; Ranch,^ Mendbclno^ County, : rapidly
recov ering; from , the Illness which attack
~ed \ hlnrf recently i'when he .was in San Jose
on an official /visit.^ He expects to be able
in a short time > to reßume worlt for the
order.'? 1 :; . '. ''- "
: *Last-week iDeputy^ High, Chief Ranger
F. '?• E^Trimble : ; accompanied " Permanent
Secf erary [Falconer] to" Court • Menlo : Pa rk .
at \ Menlo ] L -Park. I'^There ; wasl also < present
a" delegatlonYf roin - the'Tcourt > in • Redwood
Cityj:ajidr£Dr. ; :McCracken^of;Pescadero.
,The/. meeting ;'.was ] an? enthusiastic "i one.
The ; deputy j remained _; at -. that * point S for
the' purpose; or extending the membership
of;the'"c6urt;'.v; '.'.;*. - „
' On Septemoer!; 2 Court ; 3 tar of Redwood
of ; Redwood j City/, wlllv.be - visited . by the
high ; chief c ranger'and cmernbers Vof the
executive^ council. VJ •"-';"-.
permanent \u25a0 secretary, paid an official
visit Uo* the [court -IriiPlriole last jWeekjand
delivered 7ani entertaining ? address after
the inltlaUon'of''a"class. T of % candidates.' >>
. The ~~. Past r Chief X\Rarig«rB' ivAssoclatiori
of^whicli|l§T^ Stevenson.i alCvery ' enthu
l siast.!c^ Forester, is t the! noble: president^ is
'. making jarrangerrients ; for ; visitations to
; the -^various f courts ' in this city ?\u25a0 and I ini
j* mediate "ivictnity. r r ;.; ; s ; -," '..:= '.:\u25a0•".
'•"i Under. the management of J.'.J.t ßoberts;
j P." H.v C. S.; plans\ are' being, perfected
Kelly brothers. Tb« programme was fol
lowed3 by? dandrigr i under • the supervision
of ) an' efficient ; floor, committee.' • '.\u25a0:
i 'Carnation ""< Lodge ; 'of ; - the * ; " Degree of
Honor '\u25a0< had fa 1 peanut \ party.; in r its : \u25a0 hall
In the : Shiels buiWirig ; last >eek/' and dur
ing \u25a0; the T evening • therelwere ', a r numbe r of
games and \i contests f or ' prizes, which
;were^distributed* to ;the fc wtnners.i- The at
tendance . was Tgood . andi all ? had \ a ;."jolly.
good i time.", i tThatT "Wttle i princess * ot k en-]
tertalners," • Miss \ Pearl Olive Miller, .was
onl hand \ and » did \ her r share to " make - the
"aftalrj'afDleasant^one. \u25a0
?jrAt; a-recerit rnreetinr ': of ,-Forget-Me-Not
Lodge ' of . the Degree of , Honor, Miss Mabel
Lester,'? thel retiring i past ; chief 5 of " honor, 1
was^presented^byjtheilodge^a] magnificent'
"emblematic [jewel I desigriatirtg'j her; rjaik> in'
"the i order— this -; ">. In vi recognition 4 of ;** her."
faithful \ services iin ? fll 1 ing ? the , several j po;*
sitlons Jn" the \ lodge^untll . she; reached \ the
highest l in . the : gift of , tha t ' subordinate of
the'order. . ~~' " .\u25a0"' : "^SBHtm9k
C Dt.¥ Sanbornj ' a -.prominent /member of
Forget-Me^Not -i Lodge *;i and * : of " ' other,
fraternal j societies^ has T returned ' to .this
city' f rom \u25a0a j visit to the \ wilds* of Marin
County,*; where she- spent her .vacation.' ?! ;
of six strangers as a result 61 the contest
between T the *"red and . the * : blue. , 'This
lodge " "will^'open " a -rummage sale * at " 442
• Sixth fstreet - for " the ; : benefit., of : 'ilts\drill
\u25a0 team * uniform fund,- •' which • has been in
creased to sixteen members. - -i -, / . \ '\u25a0:\u25a0'.
; On* the evening of- the "second Thursday
in-. September'"- Mission Lodge ,will t he en
tertained ?by Golden -West"} Camp. -of the
VWoodmen of the World ! iri -its halL '
; Golden v Gate - Lodge .Initiated ..".twelve
: strangers 'in Richmond Hall \u25a0-' last \u25a0; week.
The whist party -.recently; gjlyen " byj-thia
lodge "was a decided success. -A^dePene,
deputy supreme president-of .this' lodge, is
doing good work for. it and expects; to se
cure many^f the.tickets for the theater
party"" that the order _ will* give; next
month. HHwVfMuPII
Nearly, s<X> • persons attended . the - social
given. by San Francisco .Lodge during tha
earlyj part ."of i the current "; month. ,' s - There
was a very excellent ; programme of num
bers 'arid dancing. -\u25a0.*This -lodge 7 has-in
creased '' its "; drill >, team to sixteen. \u25a0,": The
success cf itha^ recent party ;was '"due Ho
am executive ' committee ; of which Dr.'" R.
F. Tomlin3on. was . the •. .; .
- The, lodge at Point Richmond' at -'Its
meeting last week Initiated twelve canut
dates.'wßSHSMnßßHlWßSferaQßAd
: Lou | J.^Hansen. 1 . private secretary) to ' the
supreme - physiciarvlwas in this city] last
week on'her^way.to Portland," Or. < During
her; stay i here! she .was , the J guest of , Su
preme -.Vice ; President « Mrs. <^ Neidij," •-*
' m \u2666 \u25a0 — .
\u25a0^ Mme. Patti's .voice ' baa gained her
more than > $5,000,000. ; Her. best '=\u25a0 year's
receipts \u25a0 were -' approximataly !!'• | Jso,oft^.
Ancient t Order- -Workmen.
Indepehdeht Foresters.
California Council' of the National
Union at its first meeting in August
conferred the degrees in the amplified
form on a class of candidates ond re
ceived eleven applications, showing
that it does not want to allow Golden
Gate Council to pass it in the matter of
membership.-
Golden Gate Council at the meeting
last week admitted two to membership
by initiation ond received five applica
tions, i
El Capltan Council had a ladies* night !
on the evening of August 17, In Us hall 1
• In the Native Sons' Building. At the «
first meeting in the month the council
initiated two strangers. /
El Dorado Council at its first meeting
in the current month received three pc- j
titions for membership and Initiated j
two strangers. •
Yosemite Council had a whist party
last week and useful prizes were given ]
the winners. * " j
A^ the whist party given by Yosernite
Council, the first prize was won by '
State Deputy Joseph A. Wilson, the sec- J
ond by Frank Clarke and the third by
George S. Dodd. I
Paciflc Council at its last held meet- !
ing: had work in tae initiatory degree
and in carrying out the .work intro
duced some innovations.'
Senator Hills has returned i from the j
East, where he attended a session -of
the Senate of the Order.
El Capltan Council had a ladies', night i
last week and the hall in, which the"
reception was held was crowded' to' its J
limlu There was a' varied and inter
esting programme of. vaudeville num
bers and there was served to the guests
a collation that put in the ; shade
aftairi of that kind arranged by more
pretentious ; subordinates.
- California Council is still at It ' in'
the matter of bringing^ In" candidates.
At the la3t held . meeting there
five -who n-ere' Instructed as to ; the
patriotic/; fraternal and 'beneficial fea
tures'of the ortfUnizatlo'n. After? the
PtrsohsWho: Figure v in Fraternal: IVprk m This }Ctty.
summer 'vacation in quiet Pacific Grove
by:- the sea, "in; Monterey ' County.. 1 '
;\u25a0;,' Companions Mrs.^ Cooper, and; Mrs.'.Cam
eron; went lup ( the ] road • last l week ; for : the
purpose of welcoming .; back I tol California
Supreme Representatives^.- B.' Cooper, and
X ; N. \u25a0 Cameron " on \their j return '• from the
sesßion \u25a0of the" Supreme ' Court. ; '
National Union.
At the fltst meeting: In August Gold
en Game Commandery: of •' the /. Knights
Templar. 1* balloted ;C for/applicants;; > for
membership and; on> the -night ; - of" the
21st will " have' work • along /the r'same
line. The order; will -be; conferred; at -a
later;, date. !The/ commandery > expects
to make a:flne ahowrnff atlthePortland
fair on Hhe occasion^ of :s the 'Joint; visit
of the other local commanderies . and^ one
from . Oakland. : : The [ 'practice-drills" of ! the
dril 1 corps will ' be • resumed ; next '? month.'
Company ; B, Golden ; : Gate v- Battalion;', is"
drilling t every • night; in the - Lick
House.'"- . -:\u25a0--\u25a0:"-',-\u25a0' --;1; 1 v / \u25a0•;.',; ..-_
Knights Templar.
! At a meeting of the Roumania Aid So
! ciety held .- in B. ,B. v Hall; ,: the \u25a0 following
i earned were Installed .as the officers for
; the current term by, Sanford Felgenbaum:
S. Weisskopf,; president; ; B.v Braunstein,
vice president; C.iHorwitz treasurer;' H.
S. Arnheim; secretary; ; M. , Frucht,i guard;
A. Feldman, M. Blackfleld. A. Blumenthal
and L. Malsler,' trustees. : The ilnstalla-.
tion was followed by musical selections
by the, Roumania orchestra, Vand \ the* pre-;
sentation, by. the installing. officer,: on be
half of the society,': of fa set of engrossed
and framed resolutions *to 'i Albert \ Feld
man, : the retiring president, in;apprecia
tion of his services I to ' the i- association
during his; term.'' :The r. meeting, which
was ' an open one, . was addressed by all of
' the new . officers \u25a0 and . by,. A. j; Ehrllch, S.
Ghlnsberg andVA.vß." Goldberg. . . r '
Roumania Aid Society.
! bership^'in "this \u25a0 "city ft<j: 5000. .Ajge'neral !
j e6mmittee • . has been -" appointed -' and ': the
i councils Wtt&{ shortly l , be made acquainted
j with- the 'details. V;' . ' ' >-
\u25a0 . ; ' ? At* the ; last^se^ion of Molin Council .100
v initiated.":'; : Those strangers
i who . had'sfgnVd a petition for a charter
[for a. new council to be established in the
!;\>'esi*rhl* .'Addition have f decided to
"abandon -the idea and the severity- five pe
' tiUoners \u25a0will become members of Molin j
_ '_\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 U: {
On the evening of August 30, the-mem
bership of Home Council .wHI havo a J
'basket social in its hall In' the Odd Fel-i
I lows* building. • :
During the latter part, of July the offl- I
leers of Oakland and Golden State Coun
cil' were installed in public in Oakland,
; "Papa" Tugwell ; being the Installing cifn
i cer. He was assisted : in the work Jiy the
: oflicers'of Home Council." '
! Miss Lillian E. \u0084Tugwell, one of the
I clerks" In the. supreme office,', has. ju3t rer |
i covered from. a severe .attack of tonsilitis
I which confined her' .to her; home . for ten
I days:; \u25a0- ' ..'..'.
j : The social given by .: Molin Council in
• the Odd. Fellows' buildlnjj on the night
j of the second . Monday in August , was ; a
! great social -as; well, as financial, success. ,
: The hall , was crowded, the arrangements
i for the crowd .of- members • and 'visitors
i was all that could be\ devised to please
' a Tid the committee in charge .did all ' that
' could be done to make it pleasant for all.
; Arr&Mgements ! are-" being ' made \u25a0 for r) a
; grand picnic of the local councils of the
' order at Glen Park on Admission day. . A
\u25a0 feature cf the picnic will be drills by the
i various teams of the local councils for a
j beeutlfu- trophy."
Odd Fellowship.
At a. recent meeting of Oriental En -
CJUiupmeht! ex-District Deputy Mark H.
Lutiiow was presented by I'y.fat Uraini
i- rank D. Maubeth, on behalf ol the
liLtnily of the late Thomas . Howell, a
weautllul collar tnat had belonged to
•Mr. Howell, with the information that
it was a token of the family's apprecia
tion of the many acts of kindness on
tho part of air. Ludiow to Mr. Howell
durins- his laat illness.
Missiua Itebekah Lodge will give a
Gr»t-cl;rs3 csitertainmont and dasice in
iixctitlor li.ill on the night of'Satur
«:sy, July -o. Mrs. Minnie Pollock. is
the chairman oi the committee on^fert
tcriaiii men r. iv ';\u25a0 ,"* ;\u25a0
Native Sons.
The- iigurts ol the " encampment
trkach for ihe year 1904 sbotv-anfet
fiA:n of II i>er cent, lncreasinar .r.the.
j?e:nberaai;> :o'V'jo3. The reix>rts from
twelve « r ritarapmc-r.ts for Iho {irst'.;«ix
I'aotitkv of the year show an increase 1 of
•j f.er etist.
i?ir;>s n«ive been taken 1 to. organise an
eiicaraitriient in Berkeley.
The intiic&tlonE are that tho Grand
li/.c-ampmc::'- at San Dlegru tuis year
Avili be the largest in the history of the
order, -o^org* Jesscn,- at presont -the
hi^n pritst of the "grand body, will
becofcie the grand patriarch end he will
hf ipllowed in that . ;>osltion the sue-*
?*v&ir.g ytar by C.'H. "Burden of Soiiora.
II iha grtsd body is invited it will hold
its session in 1806 in ' Watsonville, the
I;orae of th- new presiding officer; if
j.ot, it will be invited to meet in Sonora.
i- Jn tl:!ts issuo are published .the pic- i
I tares of . Prc^ldent Koenig 1 , Secretary^
! Stockwitz and treasurer of th<s Xative ;
j Sons' Social and Literary. Society, one \u25a0
i ot the most prominent frcttsmul asso- j
| cJat!oi»s of this city. These j officers/ j
; who aro ell well .'known in the order, i
have besn most energetic in bringing j
tlic Boctety to'the h!gh ttcTidard it now j
occupies. f ;
Woodmen of the World.
] Ue«.d Cci^t:! Boak &tt<.nded:Uis diys of !
| the • Woodmen of the -.World at the Le«vl3 j
; tjifl Oisirk Kjcpositiwi in Portland, Or., !
• Aujjtitt 2, 3 and 4, then went lo Shasta
• Spruig, where he was n-.et.by Gtat«Or
! pjinJzer Pfcttr I*. Gllroy. They fonnu'.ated
; th* pUns for the "Persona.! Effort C<im
j P«ifc7.," welch is to fee inaugurated in thi?
j Stact: September 1. £
\ Trx head consui then went to Ogden
I .to be prcst-nt at. the session, of the Fra
• ieraal CongresE, anc he vas accompanied
!as f *r as Denver by Head Manager
I 7n«nts M. Robinson. During the month
; of November the head consul will visit a
! number of the leading camps .of this
• State. .. : \u25a0
| A. Apple of Applewood Camp, one of
| tit? energetic workers for the ; order, has
I t«dii appointed a special deputy, for the
purpose of assisting the local camps in
getting canCldates for Initiation.
l-.e&& Consul 1 Boak will be in this . city
en Thankegiving day, when there will
i* a Jarce class initiation. .
The personal effort campaign which is
to be started in September ' will apply, to
all c-irnpfc in the • State. Each ' member
v.ill be . a^ked to sign a . pledge to get a
candidate within a stated: time and: a
copy of each camp's : signatures will ; be
forwarded to -the head ortice,' where tab
will be kept to discover .which .of. the
neighbors fails to keep his promise in
the matter. Past Head Consul; M. '; T.
Mose.B, Head Adviser Sunderland,- Head
Manager Robinson and National Frater
nal W. O. "Morton of Los An
geles will take part in this campaign and
address camps of Woodmen In all parts
of the State. :
I. Ow!ng to disappointment as to the time
when Mission' Camp, Qpuld ? move into: its
new quarters in the Krellngj building, on
Eddy street the ,"- housewarmlng "which.
was to have taken 'place last : week had
to be. poetponed. ' It \u25a0 is : expected • that it
will be some time in :'• September " when
the housewarmlng. will be held.
\ Haven Circle,' W. O. W.; ; recently \ mi
i Itlated Leah; Agnes Doile, ageu 3'^ years,
I as its mascot.
meeting there was. a social hour under]
the direction of the speaker of the]
council. r;;; !
On the evtr.ing cf the last meeting in j
July the officers of Gonevit-ve Parlor were
inrttUed in public for the current Term
in Jklasonic HaJl at Fourt««nth end Ra;l
road avenues by District Deputy Grind
President Suflc K.- t'hrlpt. 'At the rrl-u^
of the ceremony Past President Lotlfe ,
Bonlila was presented will* a beatiiKul \u25a0
locket by the patlor, the new president j
was presented wi;h a larsrc bunch of
nations and to the Installing efficar tl-Te j
was presented a large fcasket.of beautiful j
flowers, delicate colcHd carnations *md I
eweet'pt-as. r l*hen followed trie serving <f .
refreshments. At *he subsequent meeting j
the new officer* initiated, a class of twenty j
candidates in the presence of the distr-ct '
deputy and members of Yosemite and
Fiemont Parlors. This parlor Is gaining j
rapidly in membership and expects corn
tb be In the forefront of local par.ois. !
The officers were commended for the ex
cellent manner in which they perfaraed i
ihe initiatory work. , « \u25a0
Las Torrosas Parlor has made arrange- \u25a0
rnentp for a* social to be given in — .ss:on •
Opera Hall on the evening of Thursday, i
AugUFt 31. The committee in charge -of !
the affair it composed ut Charlotte. Cook,
chairman;: Xonne Bouilet, Aiay tin. H van, *
Agnes Brcnnan, Theresa Young. LI; a \u25a0
Lvdoen and Minnie Erickson. The com- t
n;ittee will bend every effort to make th.s '
sila.tr t!:t must pleasant one this patior ;
has ever had. The- foJiowing named have .
been installed as the otneerc of this par- {
Icr for Uic current term: Alice Layue, >
pa£t prfri^ftnt: Lillian M- XUxidtii, pit*!- -
dont; Bessie Ncedham, K.-thc-r Ivifetic and
Norine }ioulett, vice piig.denls; iliiir.ie i
Xi icksou. marsnal; Catherine i - \.t£'3:a:t.i. '
' Ft cord i os and Minnie LefTeimanii iina.i- ,
cial secretary; l*ouise Koch, trfeasurc-r; (
Elizabeth lieardon. organist; Cccel>a>j
Kittle, inside :ind Lena Partridge outside \u25a0
Ef-niincl; Jennie S. Lefxerauinn, May Sul- '
iivan syid Henrietta B:.se. irurttcs. ;
The fdiowing named have been elected t
and installed as the officers of Piedmont j
Parlor of the Native Daughters of the \u25a0
Golden West for the current term by !
District Deputy Grand President Jennie j
Jordan: Mrs. J. Jordan, past president;)
Mrt. M. l>ei:is, president; Mrs. A. i'aii- •
lips, first. vice president; Miss J. Briiton, •
second vice president; Mtes C. Engiehart, j
third vice president; Mrs. M. Duhrman, I
marshal; Miss A. Bock, secretary; -Miss'
H. Britton, tlnancial secretary; Mrs. G. j
Bibber, treasurer; Miss M. James, tnsi-Je j
sentinel; Mrs. R. Martin, outside sentinel; j
Mrs. M. Duddy, Mrs. M. Fenn and Miss j
B. Woods, trustees; Mis. J. E. Brown, or- j
g&niEt. The term of this parlor which re- j
cently closed was one of the most sue- j
ct-ssful in its history. During that time j
there were two class initiations, which \u25a0
h.creased the membership to 105. Much j
credit for the success during the trrm ;
is due to the untiring efforts of the r*- '
xiririg president, Mrs. Jennie Jordan. Mrs. ;
M. Denis, one of tne charter members,*
xvi*« .was installed *L 3 piesldent, hoj>es lo.;
make this term as succeseful at te&st »s
the preceding one. The niembcrs vf iW* ,
j^arlor are Etill working to the end thai a •
n:onumtj»t shall be reared to the memory '
of Betsy Itoss, . aha wfeo m&£e Ihe itrst ;
American flag.
On the n'cht-of the first Mcn-*3y !e. ihs :
current :nojun Los -Angeles Parlor ten-;
*iercd a reception to Eva T. ]>uis^rj.;uB. \u25a0
grand vice president, and it was & very i
tnjcj able affair. ...
At tCc installation of the oCici-j*' o" '.:r
s:ila-Parlor, in Jackson, there WCt pr«F-..
ont tcemljers of Amapula, - Foifsf nitd :
Conrad parlors. Past Or^n'i PretW«t.t :
Slla £. Canunetti and Grand TruiU^j
Muidvoii were present. Tills 1 psrier* !tr.» !
criwn xzp a series of beautiful xetititnenu ;
in Tneniory at lite iate Tina li. Ka:ie. th 6 |
'ntt tiii'vii president of the order, \u25a0who.
was a raeniU'r of the parlor. These hay« .
!>c-*in artistically engrossed by Miss Dally «
liysLtusjot Gabi-ielle Parlor. It is a Urge- i
sized i*>ok and has betn sent to M:s» [
2&tta K&oe. j
51is. iimtrta "VV. Lillle of Lodi, grar.Q j
«jarshaL will leave for New York about j
i;cj»tt.-rnbfcr 1. Mrs. I-dflie Is «>ne of the |
most, cctive of the gTand oGioers aud |
*-xce«dingly, popular in Native Daughter •
circles.', !
• Agnts Itaab of Geneva Parlor and
Uiisabcth Joses of Chispa Pai-lcr, both!
r«jpuiar teachers In AniaUur C-ocnty
und- active workers for the ord«\, rfe
ctntly returned to their duties af:«»r
iiaving spent their vacnticns in tt'.ss j
city. •
Dr. Mitriana Bertolu aiid Clara K. t
%V':tteanieyer, both past, gra'jd jresi- j
t.euie of the order, were guests ot j
Fcrngrove last week- They are bay- J
i US a d eat cottage built on Gaernewo-Jd j
Heights. j
,Mre.-,Thotnas Foley, es -grand treas- j
urer. is enjoying herself in aim Valley :
a»d. having a country. hoiTi«-cn;ilt there. \u25a0
The Thicrbachs and the Bo!iU-ai&Hr.s '
are stiil at Camp Estrella, Larkeyur. }
Miss Ella Flaherty, D. D. G. IV dad (
a member of Eschol Parlor. Sb viieitrns ;
In Santa Rosa. . I
Mrs. Johanna A. Nixon and dausnter ;
of Sutter Creek are summering iaj
Santa Cruz County. • i
Past Grand President Caminetti !s j
recuperating in her home in the Mzti t
Sierras. \
Past Grand President EHia D. Keith?
epent part of her vacation at Cupltoii.
and bo did Grand Secretary Miss Laura
J. Frakes.
Miss Elizabeth F. Douglass, ex-gTand
treasurer, 1c enjoying a vacation at
Biegler Springs.
'> Ancient Order Foresters.
quet ; in : the earl y. part ;6f . September^ and '
an : offer has ; been made ;of two-free '
seats at that ".banquet- to all members ;
who i shall have a -candidate" initiated;!
before the flats fixed. Miss N. L. Cooke/
and : H.: C. : Wilson have ; been appointed
as. the^banquet committee. I
Icourt Athens of the Ancient Order, of ,j
FoVesters 1 is still : in" line for amusements f:
for -its' members "and friends. The. social/
committee is/arranging v ror : an * entertaia-.i
jn«at- v and. dance . to be given on an fcwn-j
ing to be announced: 'The committee'ex-;!
pects todoifcetterln this matter than ;«t"i
has ever ; done before. The ; court had a ,|
vety'pleasant: meeting, on the tlrst Thurs-.
day in August and the reports presented .
for. a class nlitiation for the courts of
Ala meda " County. |
Supreme Secretary May Falconer of the
Companions, of, the Forest has returned
from ?San fAnselmo. where she sptnt her/
summer,' vacation.
"A- new 'circle : of the Companions, which
has been named Unique, -was recently
Instituted in this, city with 'thirty-eight
charter, members. , Mrs. M. Harvey is the
chief companion and Virginia Rentschler,
the „ secretary.' Mrs. L, J. Grunnagle has
been appointed .deputy for the' new circle.'
At. lts next meeting this circle will have
twenty, candidates to initiate.
-• Sherwood : Circle has issued invitations
for 'an : apron "and necktie party to be
given' on the evening of - Saturday. Sep
tember.2, in the social i-all of the Alcazar
building. The ; invitations are a novelty,
being printed on miniature aprons of nfus
linette and will make pretty souvenirs of
the event
Rathbone Sisters.
Golden Gate Temple of the Rathbono
Sisters initiated on© lady at its last meet
ing and received one lady's application.
There "was a good attendance of mem
bers, including Mrs. Minnie Fouth. M. E.
C. of Riverside Temple; Miss Potter of;
Maroa, III.; Mrs. Etta Emerick of Purity. ~
Los Angeles; Malda C. Onley and Emma
A. Scholfleld of San Francisco, and Mrs.
Swarthoat 'of Ivanhoe Temple. This
temple has appointed the following com
mittee to arrange for an entertainment
and dance, to be given in. the near future: -
Mesdames Klemm,. Brace, Cameron and
Day, and Misses Dorothy Bender, Ger-,.
trade Klemm, Myrtle Saylor and Rosabell .
Morris. . . '.
Pacific Temple Initiated four candidates
at its - last held meeting- and Ivanaoti
initiated one.
' Olympic Temple, located at Grass Val
ley, recently gave a musical comedy en
titled "Our Summer Boarders," for the .
benefit of its fund for the sick, which .
drew a very large audience. The different
parts were very well rendered and a great '
deal of praise has been given to the mem
bers of thje temple who took part In .the
play. A goodly sum was realized.
Mrs. Annie Temby, D. D. G. C, installed
the officers of Olympic Temple the second •
week In July. . .
Mrs. Rebecca Hartrnan, a respected
resident of Santa .Ynez. passed away in \
that city August 3. The remains were
brought to San Francisco for burial and
Interment took place at Salem Cemetery
the following Sunday. Mrs. Hartman was
a charter member of Santa Ynez Temple
and one oi its most ardent and faithful
workers. The beautiful and Impressive
funeral J ceremonies of the Rath bone Sis
ters were conducted by San Francisco
Temple.
The officers of Ivanhoe Temple for tha
current term were Installed In the , Pio
neer building during the latter part of
July by 'Julia F. Day. grand manager,
who was assisted by Clara J. TusUa of
Eschscholtzia Temple as grand senior and
Ida Brook of San Francisco Temple as
grand manager. The temple being a new
one, having been instituted by Sister Ju
lia F. Day on June 2,- the same officers
i were re-elected for this term. These are
1 the officers : 3£r E. C, Grace Banks; E.
I S., Lulu E. Swartout; E. J., Mac Hollo
peter; M. of T.. Mabel C. Messe; M. of R.
and,C. Camilla Southard; M. of F.. Re
becca: Macy; P. of T., Eva Sommerfleld ;
G.Vof r OV'T., Hattie Stelndler, and P.<C.'
Mary - F. : : Post---. During* the - meeting r two \u25a0
Initiations took place and clearly showed
the efficiency of the officers. There were
! many officers and members present from
bth«r v temples, and all complimented the
officers of Ivanhoe .Temple for thesplen-
did work of the evening and wished the
temple unbounded success. The new tem
ple gives promise of being one of the best
in the State. The members are all work
ing night and day to increase the mem
bership, and thus far have received many
applications.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
Mission Lodge of the Fraternal Broth
erhood at its last meeting Initiated a class
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST, 20. 1905.
18
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
E. C. STOCKACTRESS : WHO <\ HAB MADE THE
, "CABBAGE • PATCH" MATRON I
DEAR TO THEATERGOERS.
Has the Central met its Waterloo at
last? It is; the boast of the highly in
genious and generous management of the
theater that* It (can produce . anything
from a volcano* to a plledriver.at a mo
ment's notice. It has never failed to make
good Its boast. We want to know if this
>week's . is . going to ".-., be anofher story.
The current > bill -Is," On the Wabash.'.' To
morrow, evening they put it on. l Now, are
theyi going ; to produce that Wabash?
'And If not, -why not? For It has' been
Reflections Anent
Realistic Staging
'/ From the necessities. of his profession
It is*hard.for an actor to have a real
"home" in the best sense of the word.
Yet William Gillette claims three. One
— the. -one ; in] which he spends most of
his time when he is not appearing be
fore .the. public— is a houseboat. The
boat Is called , "Aunt Polly" and Is a
houseboat only in the sense that slen
der lines have been sacrificed to roomi
ness of cabin and deck./ The "Aunt
Polly" has a staunch, sea-going hull, is
powerfully engined and Is capable of
traveling at high speed. During the
summertime Mr. Gillette takes long
cruises in her.' This actor's second
horde is among the pine trees in the
hill country of South Carolina. A little
log ; cabin ; sets far back from main
traveled '; highways— -this Is his refuge
from all care and weariness. The little
cabin In the hills sees him but seldom
now that ' his life is so full of affairs
which may not be neglected. The third
of William ; Gillette's homes Is his old
home.' His sister and her family still
occupy the old Gillette; homestead In
Hartford, / Conn. This is a roomy: old
house, in the colonial form, vine-cov
ered, standing : among trees of \u25a0 dignity
and-, age. -' .Next door Hto the Gillette
place is 'the Charles \u25a0 Dudley ' Warner
residence ; \u25a0 near by. is the residence of
Samuel M. Clemens / (Mark - Twain);
while just over the way: Is the former
residence of Mrs. Harriet Beecher
Stowe. t r
parts of Bret Harte and Joaquln Mil
ler will 1 be \u25a0 liberally used in . its make
up.- Robert Hilliard will be just a. plain,
ordinary leading -man,, not a star. He
will play a Western gambler.
j noon. * A .French farce, "Mile. Rlcci,7.
will be presented by Emil Hoch and Jane
.Elton,/ and/ the , Mlllman • trio of aerial
gymnasts will supply the sensation of the
new. bill. \u25a0
.\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0',' \u25a0 . .' • \u25a0 • • . '
\u25a0 Herbert B; Chelsey and ' company f rora
Proctor's Twenty-third \u25a0/ Street "Theater,
New York,* will bei the chief attraction of
the Chutes. Theater this week. They will
present a new playlet, "The Third Gen-.
eration." ;
Gossip of Plays
- and Player Fojk
foregathered at the Alcazar should give
good/account of the rest of the parts.
I This is the ; last . week of "Rob Roy" ' at
the'Tlvoll and, the last week of Kate Con
don.;; Miss \u2666 Condon leaves the -Tlvoli to
star, : and !will doubtless ] have : much god
speeding / this /week : ; from ';; her ? large * co
terie of admirers here".' And by, no means
should i?,*.' Rob Roy, be / missed; ,by j those
loving v good un, -• good : acting,' good > mu
sic "Rob Roy, will bei "Er-;
rriinle," another Max '/Freeman produc
tion^. \u25a0'\u25a0:\u25a0 ' .- •:''\u25a0.- '** \u25a0' .. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 / '• ;.'.' J
:•> "'\u25a0. -\u25a0'\u25a0• \u25a0\u25a0 / '. -• ' ', •'...',• •-••\u25a0'
' ' The popular rural, drama; /"On the Wa
bash," :>"wlfl ,s, s be ; the 'J bill at : the , Central
this,; week, "with all the most up-to-date
rural' sensations. Y;V*. • '-,* /
-,(...: /- \u25a0 •.'; t • . v *.\ //.\u25a0".'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 r"
\u0084 O'Brien ') and ; Havel , with Ia i new sketch ,
by that excellent .ski tster.i Will/ M.. Cres-;
sy,' will be at ; the ? Orpheum this af ter-
Wilton ] Lackaye, who will appear In
the near future In "The Pit," "'Trilby"
arid "Pillars' of "Society," will produce a
new play ; in New -York next February.
"JeanWaljeari".. Is Mr. Lackaye' s own
dramatization of {Victor Hugo's master
piece, "Les.Miserables." It will ruu on
Broadwayifor*the rest'of the season.
/Alexander yon ' Mitzel \u25a0 has been en-,
gaged < by,; Manager John' Cort to .play
; the leading "male role in '} : support of
Florence Roberts -in "Ann ,La Mont,"
the^new play by/ Paul.- Arm-,
strong,; the .author of "The Heir tothe
Hoorah.",'; Mr. :• Mltz'el succeeded . th© ; late
Joseph/ Haworth /as leading man /for
Blanche Walsh in '\u25a0 "Resurrection," and
also ,' iriv i"The.li "The.1 Kreutzer Sonata," /: .which
was \ produced '• in. Chicago \ two years
ago.* . Miss :" Roberts begins \ her. season
at.Salt -Lake City ,'on; October 2, rehear
sals having; been; called | for September
41.; Besides Mr. 'ivon'. Mltz'el, the cast 'of
"Ann ?La Mont" will : Include Max ;; Fig
man, Robert , Me Wade, ; H.. SSt. t Northrup,
Clifford Leigh, : Wilbur;- Hudson, Norah
Lariiison, ; Merceita .Esmonde, Lucile
Yorke, ; Florence Robinson 'arid ~ Lillian
Armsby. / \u25a0''\u25a0 ''-.-. '\u25a0\u25a0'- : - < ; ; ' \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0""/ . '.-'<•_
V -Wilton Lackaye swears he will have
a permanent stock /company .in' New
York ; in i another,' yeair, : and -he is . will-
Ing /to V play ,* old . men r or i leading > : char
acters." He^does' riot ; like; the road,' s . air'
though ihe : has v'm'ade 7 ar*.fortune T with
'!The I Pit" ; and ;Is now j fairly ; established
as ; the ' Vreal / thing" / f rom ; the [ box /of
flee > standpoint. ; ; . /
\u25a0 i The new 'Belasco play for Blanche
Bates will \u25a0 be ; laid in the far West, and
done. 1 We have It on the impregnable
testimony of Mr. J. J. Morton that" It
has been ( done.
Mr. Morton tells us that "they trav
eled with their own river" when he was
in the "legit." He did not say what
river.. Probably, however, with a trav
eling company they would have to draw
the line at— for example— a Missis
sippi. But consider the enterprise,
the enormous expense Involved In th«
carrying of even a small stream Ilk©
the San Joaquln \u25a0 from city " to
city. Consider, again, the ' admirable
devotion to art it connotes, the pains
taking and tireless regard for detail.
It was, too, a property very difflcult.to
look after, Mr. Morton assures us. How
they carried it, canned or caged." h«
neglected to, say. But "once, when the
river was" in " the cast, the child* was
slated to sit on its banks— by the way,
could Mr. Morton's river by an chance
have been, the Wabasb. Itself? One has
heard of • the -Wabash having banks. I
beard myself. I think, at the TlvolL
Some one. probably Teddy Webb, was
asking. why they had built the river
so close to the banks. But there's an
idea. If it were the Wabash. and the
evidence seems to- point that way. why
could not the Central buy it up? Qt
course a secondhand river would not b«
so good as a new one. but It might be
relined and painted over to suit. Mr.
Morton would probably know where it
is and I am sure would be honest
enough to aay if It were likely to be In
good enough condition to use. One of
course wonders .whafr effect a long
course of one-night stands would hay«
even upon i the strongest river. Still,
the Central mechanics are famed - to
their craft, and would doubtless soon
be able to put It into running order. ; ? r
But to the story. Mr. Morton says ta«
child was sitting on the banks of their
river By the child sat the faithful dog.
The villain lurked In.tha distance. But
the dog got thirsty. and carelessly drank 1
up the river, and the villain cam* down
right center and pursued th» child. Thar*
seemed to b« no hope, but th« nobl« do*
was not thus to.be thwarted. *Jtt*V»
presence of mind phenomenal In tb* air
cumstances,' says Mr. Morton, the wls«
beast put his paw in his ihroat. coughed
up the river and drowned th» rillaln. /.
This all goes to show, hcnrtmr. that It
is not the easiest thing to run yow own
river. ... \u0084 -:
Dorothy Morton has . b«en msntloiwA
among the "prlma donnas" likely to suc
ceed Lillian Russell in the part of Lady
Teazle, In the comic opera of th» name.
The fair Lillian has just signed a Tan
deville contract which is variously esti
mated at from JIOOO to «X» a week a. to
salary, and " is indefinite as to «mfc.
Miss Morton should do well as Lady
Teazle. She did very good \u25a0 work- at
Fischer's during the burlesque era,; and
has since been engaged in several good
productions. She is now appearing »m
O Mimosa San* In "The Geisha at the
Chester Park Theater In Clnclnnad. ttis
rather time, by the way. f«._^>»°^
sha" to reappear here, only It will not be
easy to get another like the last.
the piquant -and dainty Helen Merrill.
''There are 600,000 traveling men In thW
United States; this means, says th» at.
Louis Globe-Democrat, an output of 1.50Q.
000 new funny stories each month. J&H|
"Mrs. Wlggs of the Cabbage Patch" Is
crowdlng;the Columbia., Every.one seems
to. have read the book; and every one
seems to wish* to, see] the play. Further,
every one. who has seen the play, has ad
vised his' neighbor to V do likewise, and
the house is crowded with those who have
taken { the | advice. // The play-making arid
the acting, could hardly be better. / Mrs.
Madge Carr Cook as Mrs. Wiggs realizes
the character to . perfection. Nor. less
good are Miss Helen Lowell in her imper
sonation of Miss Hazy, Mr. Carter as Mr.
Stubbins, /Bessie Barriscale as • Lovey
Mary, Helen ? Redmond ; as Mrs. Eichorn
and- the whole rest of the cast, not | for
getting some amazingly clever children.^
;- - ,^r';'..v. • '\u25a0\u25a0;• . •;. ... ... .<
This afternoon the popular Irish actor,
and singer, Denis O'Sulllvan, will -begin
a three weeks' engagement at the Grand
Opera-house, in /the favorite Irish, play.
"Arrah na Pogue." Mr. O'Sullivan's en
gagement sis I one impatiently*, awaited
by playgoers and ' song-lovers alike. Pos
sibly the best of Irish comedians now on
the stage, he is unequaled as a singer
of Irish . ballads. As usual there will be
a generous programme of these . with
"Arrah na Pogue," . including the ". Wear-;
ing of the Green," "Savourn«en , Dhee
lish" (In Gaelic). "Believe; Me, If All
Those Endearing Young Charms,", "The
Liow Backed : Car,'* / "Phil the Fluter,"
"Kitty of the Cows," "The Leprechaun"
and others./ j
.'/ The. company supporting Mr. O* Sullivan
is unusually adequate, .including among
the women Alice Lonnon,': E. S. • Willard's
leading lady, : and j Lillian \u25a0 Albertson, '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 a
graduate of the Grand Opera-house Stock
Company, who will . appear ; as 'Arrah. A
feature, of the production will be Gaelic
dances by Hazel/Allen, Bessie Allen,
Joseph P. Kelleher and John O'Connell.
The Alcazar , will .have, an interesting
bill this week with the first production of
a play.; by/ Jack \ London - and '; Lee
Bascom, entitled ; "The \ Great ; Interroga
tion." It" is "a /play dealing with Klon
dike life, \ and Is :, Mr. ; London's first ef
fort in , the dramatic )• field. \u25a0 Mrs. ' : Bascom
has already \u25a0 appeared Vas \u25a0a] playwright
with some -little^ success. / .';'. \u25a0\u25a0...,->>
"David Gafrick," ; the / charming cos-*
tume ; comedy .written / about ;: the -; ."\u25a0 cele
brated player, : will: take \up \ the rest of
the: evening. • White : Whlttlesey' will {be
seen . In L the title role, /which . should : well
suit - him. The ; excellent . company; now
Some Good Bills
the Coming Weelc
ignorance." : and . did astonishingly well.
Now, a first night "will find her fright
ened to death."; Very / temperate, '\u25a0' very
modest, she . was in discussing Miss Rob
son's recent successes,. that have been of
quite extraordinary character. | ,
Before I left she had given a very kind
ly word to Frawley— as a manager,, and
in speaking/ of Mrs. Fiske' s Mary of
Magdala evolved this: "The great things
of life come In moments." ' '- r ; >
A t-JiAKAi-.Em.sVic HUAU US':HKNI(i. KASCHEN ;!-HOWN'!aT THE RECKNTj
ICXHIBIT AT'-lltt GKAHY STREET. AT THE, KASCHEN STUDIO.- 424 MONT
iOOMIiUy KTUtIET. THE VERSATILITY ! OK ,THE; PAINTER' IS ; SHOWN.
In • this great showplace of the expres-r
sioris of /nature, every; painter can . find
his r affinity— that which * most - allures
him— whether it be the wooded mountain,
hooded \u25a0 In' amethyst^ mists; or .thej shady
chnyon /whose breast, is cooled /with . the
spring that leaps ; from the mountain's
side; or the valley. below, . whose pregnant
soil- yields millions; of | yellow heads of
grain, nodding . to /the v: summer; breezes;/
or. the deep redwood "groves,^ where v the
woodwardiat grows/; the .' handmaiden : of
the \u25a0\u25a0' stately sequoias ; I "or ' a^ bit \u25a0 of -• lagoon,
v/lth* spectral :"eucalyptus; hovering; in ? the
distance ', like the . shades" jof j the ;
or : a bit -' of ; the ' sea, '\u25a0': the ;. wild, = blue '\u25a0 seaj
"Out of Town" . has been the abrupt
proclamation ton. many, a studio door dur
ing the dog-days (fog-days would perhaps
be more in line truth), , but the' flight
of c the artists frbrii town has "brought? to
us a lot , of ; good I things J rrom field and
forest, * from .woodland, ; marsh arid ; moun-i
tain. ; And where, good : friends, in all the
world i 'does'- nature. show/ herself In more
varied forms and moods" arid i personalities
than here In this pocket ' twlxt the Sierras
and the Sea? -:":.'„ "r" r ..•.\u25a0; :v. v -
Gamble's, ':, "Wild '\u25a0: Flowers - Near
Camp,"; a ; commission \ of j which jI ; would
not ; haye\ accused :. this clever^ chap if 'he
hadn't - Its * parentage. :, It
, is B on -, the earner, lines >as J much of „•• his
, best j work,' but ;• he (must > have " painted] it
on fan! off, day; or, ml the. dark.%' However,'
he * may, |be 'forgiven,/- on » the 'i delicacy^
and ,"of i his ;> % Bay.V Z* which
shows ? him \ in> hjs I usual . good \ form.il But
don't do it ; again. VwlH ' you, Mr/ Gamble? ; ; ;
•YA" vpretty - bit : Is I shown Jn> Harry ! Sea
well's \ MThe ; Old '; Homestead,".; simple . and
suggestive; s; l " So, , too, Vls j; his ."Monterey,
Moonlight,"-* with ~ the added :\u25a0 qualities
'of f illusiveness land I atmosphere, c. Like
Peters ?,'i Why, 1 t's . a , moonlight ; showing
an adobe hut : with a »bit i of ; light ! stream-^
Ing i out ; into^the "I night.".;Buf-will\some
body :: i tell v me *\u25a0. why ,.; any y man/ hasn't l i a
right to ; paint \ moonlights" if he ; wants : to?
—and 1 this h with : all'i due \ respect %to ? Mr. : .
Peters— whom ?I f ; take \ to'j be : : too & big , 1 ' a^
man : to' question T any \u25a0 fellow r artlst's .right
to idol so.'x* lt > is !• his •( o'er^ jealous V friends
s wh6 \u25a0 raise* a* howl ! Immediately^; upon ' some
fellow's jproducirigla , moonlight, : just ; as; If
any . creature t; here >>. below , had Ja -* patent
upon; the liquid; night.^ As to Mr Peters/
his technique^ is j; essentially , his. own "^
that IS "^his, • and Hvill f always '; remain ': his.'
But i moonlights ;,were' painted \ before Tour
good * friend Mr. > Peters i was i bonu * hence
"these i are [in = the painty
ers* = best f form/ v notably, S one " of --.•. • John"
> That the painters hereabouts have been
o'er i busy ; a 'j the J interesting ; ; little
exhibit at 119 Geary, street gives
Kj Here? are Isome J clever | blts-?-arid I a j few,
father^ indifferent if bitsfnof yf recent % work
from' C. I Chapel" Judson,'| Sidney ,'i H/
,W. ; Hansen, Henry.- Rascheni' Harry, Sea
well, i-C'cD.-. ! Robinson,-^; John 'U Gamble!
JameV^Grifflnr; Li -f P,*' Latlmer, i Gluseppi
Cadenassoi\ H.' R. y ßloomer, \ Will } Sparks,'
C:' '; Rodgers;* : Carl* ' Dahlgren. "..'. ':' Gordon
Coiitt? II T;?H^:, Guptill.^ C. v .P. ; f Nellson;? C.'j
Jonneyold, r i M/i Burrall, X ; Neil i Hager up, ; H.
D. % Greinke", /E.h W: ? Currier, % Eugen": Neu
haiis,; Harry "y C: 1 Best, ; K-Vi.W.^ NewhalW
Sarah Bender; do ;.\V olf e', •'• A.) B. \u25a0 Scott r arid
M. * Herrlck^ Ross.'*; i" " ' "' ;V^ \u25a0\u25a0\H'.?'. ••'-:?; :'"/-'.;
v/ith a* crooning , cypress beside it, sway
ing^ with i the - wind-blasts,' -i like ; a"' human
' thing, fate-battered; • or-" the r y. red-brown
marsnes, -ibesplashed wlth^ green^embed-^
ding, a blt^bf , blue sea: jfAH .these— and \u25a0 in-'.
.finitely f more— are); the V hereditary; r ? prop{
erties 7of >'. Calif ornla*' artists > ';\u25a0 and - :>: > art
lovers^; Theyi belong |to v the %eelng if ones
byjglf t iot (God^and \ no) "Rockefeller :; nor
Morgan';; nor/ other^ money ; king ' can • take
it j f roim them-r-thel sole] wealth [of a lot 'of
happy, f ellows^who" pltyjthe" poverty^of the
rich i. who [• have^ riot } eyes ( to seeJ '\u25a0 v : ;
the absurdity of. the howl of , indignation
and J the \ suggestion of j plagiarism - when
any other ; painter essays to ; produce : the
mystic beauties of night. .
: ':} Really/ it < is; an ; injustice ; to Mr. Pe
ters—the \u25a0' over ; jealousy of : » his friends.
/Yes, they- mean ;well enough. ; but . a
little -thought , upon « this . matter would
Improve the ; qualfty : of friendship,
i £pnev of fethe t most'" interesting ; : thing-*
In y the \u25a0:; exhibit ;is? a* \ head : : " by Henry
RaschenT^a » character r study... from ;„ a
model > picked : . up '; f ronTj the flotsam of
Clay :\ street. *'\u0084\u25a0• So . was --{ I in
the head-rwhlch;>. by-.the Iway, ': had - ac
quired 'a fine ' tone j age— l . trotte d down"
toj his at .420
street, "where") I ".met Mr. ",: Raschen, ia
jolly,; frank,Hbusiness-like sort 4 of a! fel T "
low, with no fantastic notions and with
a lot of » vigorous , ideas ' falling afoul '•\u25a0 of
"Art = for^art's -sake." '\u25a0;"; He's ' &']. mighty
convincing; talker and -, he's "just -that
kind ' of . a ; painter.
"Tlnilthe*," studio I; were :; several, "other,
beads similar in treatment itO;the^one
at:Schussler's, and some, that were even
stronger.' -:.•; And i I he "-".was -, good » {enough
to yii explain V&to;. ; -me ..'-that;.; he , .•ob
tained;; that v reverential :tone :of ; age-r^
al hlghlylrespec table ;tone of • age, I as^
sure^you^f-withTan \ application ; of 'var^.
nish." Shocking to i be thus 'disilluslon-
_• - .-.-\u25a0-,
ized. isn't it? But what a freshness, as
Mr. Raschen's ancestors might, have
said, to meet a man who hasn't any
qualms about saying that he ;-. paints
pictures for the money, there 19 in-lt-^
that he makes his living that way, and
a good t one. ."And When ihe gets time
between. his J commissions he paints
things '.that 'appeal to him— for instance,
a ' redwood ; canvas that hangs . on^ the
wall and an Indian portrait that stands
by his teasel. -both;. Indisputably high
class 'canvases.
-Just "now. he is .up, to his eyes, in
work painting a panel of heroic stze for.
a. local" cafe representing; the .'forty.
niriers crossing, the plains. T
it Mrs. MayiMottfsmith, Bird, artist and
clever artisan, is sending \u25a0 some credit-,
able .work 'on the "circuit of the Society
of ; Western .Artists, ' specially designed
Jewelry holding -first place, though .her
black', and -white work i and; her -paint-"
Ings 'show/ her Iversatility1 versatility -and\intelli
gence. It Is a^matter of Interest; to the
devotees of applied art that at St. Louis \u25a0
Mrs.^Bird's : exhibit : of i jewelry was ; as- *-
signed, to the ' High Arts building/. * /;/'
:, :: This \ classification, though a -.little
startling, would {meet your,* approval"
should , you "visit her shop or . her studio ;
on Sutter street, near StocktMb
INTERESTING EXHIBIT' OF WATER COLORS AND OILS BY LOCAL ARTISTS
Laura Bride Powers
"It seems not," she- echoed happily.
•'After all, Mrs. Wiggs is a ' universal
type. And she's new to the stage, isn't
she— old to the world, . one \u25a0is \u25a0 glad j to
think. Really, I think she Is a most.won-
"Yes, but—" Mrs. Cook nodded her
head wisely— "San Francisco is a little
*vorld In itself. You never quite know
how it is going to take things. I thought
perhaps the types might be too— local, to
appeal here."
"It seems not." .
George C. Tyler may be a genius at
casts, but I could have chosen Mrs.
Madge Carr Cook as Mrs. Wlggs my
self. I would not say that I could for
a. moment have divined the delicious
.pathetlco-comical Mis' Hazy in the
handsome Helen Liowell. nor the won
drous Mrs. Eichorn In Helen Redmond,
nor that admirable slouch, Mr. Stubbins,
In the business-like Charles Carter.
But Mrs. Cook's Mrs. Wiggs is another
matter. Even the Cook nose, with its
little hopeful uplift, the humorous, ex
perienced mouth, the kind, sympathetic
«yes, all eeem to belong by nature un
der Mrs. Wlgg-s* sunbonnet. It takes
only oae moment's acquaintance. - too,
to find In Mrs. Cook the same sunny,
, kindly wisdom, the same humorous,
hopeful, generous, all-forgiving philos
ophy of the cabbage patch sage. Quite
tru«. Mrs. Cook's own prettily formal
manners are not of the larjce. easy-
SOlng slack habit of Mrs. Wiggs, but
otherwise she was born into the part.
It was not at the cabbage patch but
at the St. Francis that Mrs. Cook met
fne the other day. As Mrs. Wiggs her-
Belf would have arranged it there \u25a0 was
a. footstopl at my chair, the chair it
self placed by the open window just
out of the draught. The room was
dainty with flowers as Mrs. Wlggs
would have had hers— so Mrs. Coofi.
says — If she had had time, and Mrs.
Cook's welcome was as genial
We began with a slight disagree
ment. Because Mrs. Wiggs keeps her
"front" in the coal - souttle or la the
back yard I had recklessly called the
good lady slatternly. Mrs. Cook ad
judged it that she had only not the
time to be tidy; that where a woman
Is the mother of many children, cook,
<Jrer smaker, washerwoman, maid, up- :
Etalrs girl and everything else to th*m,
she must not be called untidy, even if
she does keep her hair with, the ooals
and the coal oil can in the bed! She
pointed out that when on« first sees
the Wlggs kitchen it ha* been In the
hands of the little Wiggses for some
hours and one knew what that means.
I did. had had the fun of decorating
kitchens myself and repentantly apol
ogized to Mrs. Wings' interpreter.
"I should not like Mrs. Wlggs." Mrs.
Cook said, "If she were really untidy,
but you know I've often thought •what
Mrs. Wiggs would have been with a
little more time and a little . more
money, how she would have kept those
children right up to the notch and had
everything just so. L—'" Mrs. Cook
broke off with a broad smile here at
the one that faced her. "Oh, you must
know — In fact,. you see, Mrs. Wiggs is
very real to me. I've lived with her
so long, thought her way,, wondered her
wonderments, that I can hardly believe
that there is *no sech pusson.' "
I told her I could well believe it,', that
there was not a niche of Mrs. Wiggs' part
that did not fit her to a dot.
Mrs. Cook acknowledged chat such had
been said before. Then, glowing like a
girl over it, she told of Nat Goodwin com
ing behind scenes the night before - to
compliment her. "It means so much from
a great artist like he is," she eaid, "and
It meant ever so much more than usual
last night. I was really very - nervous
coming here. In addition to th*> usual first
night nervousness."
"But you have met with . nothing -but
success In the part so far," I protested.,
I did my best, told her the obvious
truth, that her three-year span could
not have been so- terribly distant. It was
her* that we came to Eleanor Robson,
who* has the honor to be mothered by
Mrs. Cook. In miniature, in full-length,
as this, as that, and as her own pretty
self, \u25a0 Miss Robson's sensitive face • and
delicate figure adorned the dressing table.
I asked If the now famous young actress,
coon to be here, had not made her debut
In San Francisco, .. and with "T. Daniel
Frawley*s famous company. *;\u25a0/£!£
It was at the California, her mother
told me, that Miss -Robson put foot upon
the stage for the , first . time, some seven
or eight years ago.; She came right there
from school. It- was "to please mother,"
that she came at all. She did not care
for the stage,' had no dramatic ambitions,
but juet to be with her mouter, wao was
then, in- her second season here with
Frawley. , \u25a0 ••-/ •
Mrs. Cook laughed gently as she told
of her} daughter's debut. -. It : was in the
second ingenue^ role Mn ."Men 'and Wom
en." She .- went - . on, , ' Mrs. \u25a0 Cook says,"
"with "the *• self-possession ;' of .-absolute
Mrs. Wlggs* abstention, from the Query
habit I owned had to me seemed. one of
her. proudest distinctions, thatof .all the
harrying, , suspicions . little crowd of the
cabbage patch, \u25a0 she alone, \u25a0 the : one \u0084 who
had taken -Lovey Mary 5 into J bar home,
bad not ajsked the girl a single question.:
"She Is a' person of many- refinements,",
her creator added, "and- her .virtues are
so useful-=tne ', contentment,* ; the \ loving
kindness of her, ; never too .tired ] or too
busy to - help .others;, and the", curious
wisdom of her In knowing * what to x say—
and what not to say! -Oh, to, ine Mrs.
Wlggs is one -.of 4 the really big women
of the ' world." » \ .1
"Is it the character you have liked best
In all your playing?" I asked. »"\u25a0•.
"Perhaps, yes," . Mrs. Cook considered
It.- "But I like any role that requires
thinking about, working at. I've, worked
hard for a great number of years— since
I was three years old. and that 'lf not
yesterday." Mrs. Cook's piquant 5 glance
here might have been coquetry if I had
been a man. '.V'-V->>
"Oh, she Is a big woman In every way,"
Mrs. Cook went on.' "You remember
where the husband comes home?- Of
course, - recreant" husbands .'• are | forgiven
every day. . but • not in Mrs. Wiggs' way.
You remember, how it' is. done? 'Don't
know how to tell you what I've I been do
ing, Nancy.' Wiggs stammers. 'You don't
have to,' she. Just says. She forgives
him— and there's no lecture,"
"But- is .that good far the -Mr.
Wlggses— " "
"It seems about as. good as the other
way," she laughed— euch a round, warm,
sudden little ripple.'*. Then seriously again.
"And then there Is Mrs. Wiggs' crowning
fineness, the taking, la* of that illegamate
child. Not only the \ sentimental pain it
meant, yon know, but one more to work
for. to clothe, to feed, and..- that one the
child. of ; her husband arid another \u25a0 wom
an." ' ,"."\u25a0:.- ." .'-Vv~"- - : • -.- \u25a0 •\u25a0
; derful woman. Have you noticed, for ex
1 ample." she rocked gently, and talked as
Mrs. Wlggs herself might have talked of
tho other woman's goodness, -"have you
noticed that Mrs. .Wlggs never talks about
herself? You actually know nothing about
her own personal struggle only on the one
occasion when the husband leaves her,
and she disco .ers that his- return'... was
only an accident. Then she just says—
'alter. I have been working for the child
ren all these years.! '.' \u25a0 ' > .
."It would be well for a good many of
us to remember. Mrs. "Wlggs: 'Don't get
sorry for yourself "—
"Wouldn't - it? That's just it,", Mrs.
Cook settled it. "We all make sacrifices,
don't we? But don't we let people know
about them?" ;
Mrs.. Cook's quaint, sly, kind glance
caught me unawares, and I acknowledged
that we did, but . forthwith determined
that one of. us wouldn't until next time.
THE : SUNDAY;: "AUGUST V20;' 1905! : ";
19
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSICK FOLK
BLANCHE PARTINGTONlow of further acquaintance with her.
i Mr. Rice is here; too, having been all
i throush Japan for the past few months
; with Mrs. Rice, who gathered material for
further literary work. One can hardly
; conceive of a Japanese "Mrs. Wlgss."
but whatever the theme, Mrs. Rice 13 sure
to strike the characteristic color.
' - . • . :• • '
The return of the Henshaws after an
absence of five years is being cordially
greeted. Mrs. Henshaw brings with her
and matrons to do honor to Miss Garth- .
waite...' :\u25a0."."-.\u25a0 !
•• • (
The Sabin household is thrice busy;
these days, for wedding preparations j
are uppermost, while those for a fax
arid fextended journey are commanding
nearly as much attention and time.
; Captain BJornsted will take his bride
Immediately to Europe, and, having a
leave of absence for four months, the
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20, 1005.
I---',' - . \u25a0 - v. • • • \u25a0- . .
Continent .in that time will be well
traversed. : /•
/Miss Sabin will relinquish her heart
and . hand . to -the' handsome captain •in
the early part" of October.
\u25a0-. /.;/\u25a0", _ :\u25a0 -'":\u25a0>'.//.•' -\u0084 ••.'\u25a0'
Oswald 1 St. ; John Gilbert, . after an
absence . : of 1 two'; years/, has ; returned to
San- Francisco/ -Mr/ Gilbert gives* much
time to s his lyast ; apiary ; in>th~e ' Islands,
in Which she Is: very V interested - His
stay, ln San; Francisco is indeflnlte?:but 1
much of \u25a0>thetime;he;is ? a.guest"of Mrs. j
Robert Louis Stevenson and Mrs. Isobel
Strong/ being a life-long friendof that
family. *'-\u25a0 . - . j
r ---/--;-\u25a0\u25a0'-: \u25a0.•.•'\u25a0 >.;/'•.. 'V -. ' .1
..Mrs. .'Alice >Hegan ; Rice,' -.who arrived on '
\u25a0the *; Mongolia,-, Is uncertain of ; her. plans *
for ' remaining ir^ San* Francisco. ; though !
the ;wlsh» ls*. being; widely expressed that
-her stay ; may j be fsufflciently ; long \tb j al-;
a fascinating "daughter, who will prob
ably enter upon society's enticements
durinr the winter.
Miss Alia Hcnshaw has been T through a
course of education such as is strictly
enforced in the schools of Europe, having
at!nKe of both the German and French
discipline. J^m HKI
Mr. : Hensha w ; crossed ; a few months
ago to make a tour with his f amily . be^ '
fore* bringing them home. There art* also
two interesting boys. .
•Mrs/.Henshaw" and" Miss Allle Grimes
did some traveling v by themselves and.
their visit to th© Cannpa*nile .at Venice
was attended with good fortune.- Inasmuch
that : their descent was made just before
the historic ;tower; gave way. .:-'
,'After a culet. period at -their ranch Mr.
and Mrs/ Henshaw will establish rsetdence
In this s city. - *.\^
TWO CHARMING TOXWG MATRON'S WHO WILL TAKE PAKT IX THE GATE
' TIES OF THE COMING WINTER. MRS. HARVEY HAS -RECENTLY CONE
INTO HER NEW HOME, WHERE MANY INTERESTING 3 AFFAIRS WILL
TAKE PLACE.
herself by her conduct to be apleb. '
• • •* . . .-• '
On September 4 every able-bodied golfer
in^this belt of the State .. will foregather
at Del Monte for a general whoop-up.
There are to be contests for women,' with
the Del Monte cups up, /and trophies for
the men. _ besides mixed foursomes and
consolation events. . \u25a0 v :^- ..-'\u25a0 -
The games will last through Admission
day, when the big events will be "pulled
off," as our sporting editor puts It. ;
•From the present -. outlook it: would
seem that that week will be made up
of busy days for Del Monte. ',—, — -
• • •
A mere taste that was vouchsafed
the women of the joys of Bohemla- I
that delirious elysian grove that lures
men as the north pole doth the magnet
—on Friday afternoon was something
wherewith to soothe the spirits if nof
the curiosity/.
Everybody arid' his lady were there
and a -mighty pretty house it was for a
daylight affair.;
As for the music, y here's to our fel
low-townsirien, William ' J. McCoy and
Theodor j Vogt! : 3 -
• : And as to -j the libretto, Newton ;J.
Tharp proved up on his title of manipu
lator, of English—^another, art of which
he is master. Here's a fellow who can'
draw and paint and v - write. Sing? I
suppose he can. It wouldn't be ; worth
while for the gods to cut that gift • out
when they were equipping him."
\u25a0 • >';;* •v. • . . . *7 •
Miss, Ethel Hager. is looking very
smart in an Alice blue rajah frock cut
into a long coat and 'pleated -skirt.
With it she wears a white Neapolitan
turban, caught up with roses and lilies
— a mighty chic little affair. V .».\u25a0.•::
-In Monday's calendar ; a very, fair
showing was made ; for the time ; of . year
when all absorption is supposed to ;* be
claimed by Inertia; the leading event be
ing the f amwell = bachelor ; dinner;; given
by '\u25a0; Howard '; Huntington ; -to . his ; closest
associates at the Palace. „ Only eight were
gathered " about the .; friendly,- board,' \ but
thesff* were, of mind 'and intent congenial,
Epe&klng as one in offerings of \u25a0 regard to
.their.. host. -.--\u25a0.', ...-;'^i ':;::.: \-: x - ... '\u0084-/
The table was laid in the private dining-
so well-bred in behavior or charming
of manner or cultivated, of speech, she
Is stared at coldly, as one surveys any
Sneer creature In a zoo.
Now, it sometimes happens that the
saobbess — whose mental development
rarely gets beyond the dress-servant
baby state— lets & "nice person" get by
.her and then woe is hers, particularly
if the nice person was clever enough to
.detect her little game . and runs to
cover. And most up-to-date ' women, '
particularly those who ' have traveled, ;
are wise enouch to scent the snobbess ,
at twenty yards, after the first survey, i
No; she is never "in" society. She
usually has money, a nice home. Scant
education, a raft of good clothes and \u25a0
a hankering for "society" friends/ so x ihat !
she may return to town and twaddle j
about "her friend, Mrs. — — , who en
tertains so beautifully."
• As far a« my observation carries me-~
.and I think I can view things disinterest
edly—l haye yet to see a woman in good
social standing (with the sole exception
of one) who ever acted the snob when
thrown together at the smaller resorts
jvltb folk not In her set. A pleasant
"Good mornine" to those at her table
or those whom she meets daily at- the
bathhouse or the clubhouse Is always
Xorthcomlng, or a little courtesy to the
'newco'xner. And that doesn't necessitate
companionship, or friendship, or even
recognition, if . not desired, after \u2666 the
trunks are packed for departure.
But during the short time that both
were thrown together In a small plat of
God's earth the well-bred woman made
not only the visit of others pleasant, but
thereby contributed to her^ own happi
ness.
; It might be suggested to these sup
posedly exclusive and invariably dull \u25a0
creatures who constitute the snob class i
that it mlcht be well If they secured a
country house all their own for succeed
ing summers, since it's a difficult thing
to make a private home of a public hotel.
-. So say the bonlfaces, and they ought to
know. •
- But this may be borne in mind— the
well-hred woman, . finding herself vls-a-vie .!
to ordinarily likely people.- though not of
her set— is invariably gracious and kindly;
And she who isn't— the snobbess— stamos
her sister. Mrs. Ernest Coxhead.
-Again was, simplicity uppermost,, only
the_very nearest friends and relatives be- ;
lng bidden. A brief reception gave oppor
tunity for; congratulation.- r V ; ; \u25a0 ;
! Captain Haan,' with his beautiful bride,
for she is ; of lovely \ brunette typ«, . left
very early for their automobile tour. The 1
.wedding, having taken; place r ! at 3, - many j
miles were sped over during the after
noon..'-; V \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0•'\u25a0\u25a0-:\u25a0 -A: • ;. :*; ;
I The fine machine was a ; gift to the
j bride; from Captain Haan, and they an-,
1 tlclpatc exploring, all the beauties of. the
I State before returning to Sari Francisco,
I which will be their home for a time.
!. -"' -w^' :;"-\u25a0•": •:• " .;-\ ; .'.-;^> "-.
the morrow/ is a happy day. for
two young Oakland people— Miss ; Edith
Gaskill and Roy . McCabe— whose vows
will be r exchanged ;a t - the > home : Of " the'
bride's mother : on ; Fifteenth street. V- \u25a0\u25a0 V
, Miss j Edith - McCabe ; will ; be j maid iof
honor,, with ; two ) diminutive maidens .as
.flower-girls, 1 one the -little^daughter lot
the bride's sister,; Mrs. Venion Waldrqri/
anrt the.' other little Miss .Elizabeth
Colby/--;-. .t,\ -" ;\u25a0;:\u25a0;\u25a0 .-y ' , ; '. ' :
".'\u25a0-,\u25a0 ; •• • ; • • \u25a0'. "•: \u25a0,', ;
j Mrs. j Ernest Stent was a ] luncheon , hos
tess on Tuesday.' in ; honor of .Mr. Stent's
niece, : Miss , Clark of i New; 1 York.^ .-. /'. v '\u25a0'.
.' Red, was.the prevailing, shade,- a -great
mass \u25a0 of ;\u25a0 the ' bright flowers '. adorning j the
table. * The 1 guests f Included % Mrs." Bay- y
less Clark, Miss Clark/ Mrs. i Cal-'
laghan, vMlss •' Dorothy- iKlnriey;: of •-\u25a0•" Salt
Lake fc "Miss \u25a0 Elizabeth Cole, ;; Miss 1; Ger
trude' Van Wyckand Miss Fanny Argues
of San Jose. *
The Claremorit^ Country -Club was the
scene of n merry' luncheon last <WedneB»
day, > when Mrs. ; Philip iWoostert of New
York ;- was ? the :guest i of ;honor 'of i Mrs.'
Eugene ; Bresse's " hospitality ,3, the";, other.
: guests , being Mrs. i Frank Rodplphp Mrs/
George' Tyson, '\u25a0 Mrs." John? Jackson," Mrs.'
uenniuiore and Mrs. -Me Williams. ; ' ; . ;
-\u0084.\u25a0;\u25a0-.-.•\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0,".-\u25a0.-- •.; :t: *\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '"-*-.\u25a0 ~ \u25a0\u0084'\u25a0'? \. J \u25a0.'\u25a0';-\u25a0-•\u25a0'.
;i Oakland' occupies ' a • prominent ; s poslt
tion In! Hymen's date book for the com
ing week." andj indeed the; excess of the
.week's weddings jare * out ;, of r San° Fran
cisco y County's ;, ;; Jurlsdlctionr ;. though '
these, ; suburban " events : are ' closely ; allied
to the; interests: of pur j city.; .;. / ,' '. .:\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0
/ ..Wednesday, dawns','- for^tbe ? nuptials
of Miss Josephine de » Guigne • and j , the
Vicomte' Philippe ifde^Ttistan, 1
riage to 1 be] solemnized in 1 the j Catholic
church^at : San-Mateo. ; ;*\u25a0" . * :. T. j;.: ;;-\u25a0
is freely^ uttered con
cerning : the; private ; nature^ of ' the I af-'
; f air, s for.; society ,l : as ; ; a /whole £ .^would
' gladly off er its , homage and congratula
tion/ : :' /:"::'.:\u25a0\u25a0.-, ,J.\"r:< r .'.' :-••." \u25a0; ; "/ r •
T-c Miss, Marie ' Christine de- Guigne /will
,be nfeid : of ; honor,-; and - after a>receptlon
at "-. the ?De /; Guigne V" home fVicbmte de
.Tristan -will « travel '3 about it the '^i State
with his ; bride.l f ully ;gratif ying his f enf
thusiasm regardlngiCalifornla/f In A" short
time 'after | theY tourjof ? the rfcountry; the
Wicointej; and'tyicomtesae X.will \u25a0: sail "\ for
France,v : In '?. the ;' south j part of which ; he
boasts a handsome estate, : '. "
•^Temple /, Emariu-El ?wlll % be .'filled 1 with
I euests I next Thursday evening |to witness
room, which was simply garnished with
flowers, and* only one large ! \ bouquet
adorned the ' table — glorious " carnations,
suggesting a crimson shower.
Mr. Huntingdon bade, these comrades
Join him for the final bachelor festivities:
Hugh Stewart of Lbs Angeles," Frederick
Pixley, Ralph Phelps,' Arthur Tasheira;
Brockway Metcalfe, Eugene Hewlltt and
Whitman Prentice. \u25a0'" "
Mr. and Mrs. John D. Spreckels Jr. en
tertained with double intent last \ Mpn- j
day evening when j they" "gave", a ; farewell \
dinner to Mr. and Mrs.. Sterling : Postley j
and at once . held "a house warming. • The |
new home at Pacific avenue' and Laguna |
street is very, handsome and was a'source
of much interest. '^'V / :
Mr. and Mrs. Postley will be away for
a long journey, and this Unal meeting of
several friends was extremely" pleasant.
The guests /included Mr.: and ; Mrs."; Post
ley, Mr. and Mrs. '; Harrj' ' Molbrooki 'Mr.
and Mrs.-; John C. . Wilson, Mr. and Mrs.
Arthur Brander, Miss Kthel Hager.'Miss
Minnie Hennessey, - Edward j.'.. Tobin ; and
Knox Maddox. \u25a0 . \ "; " *vT /
\u25a0'»' •* •*: '\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0».'
.'. The,.wlles of i bridge ' held several play-
I ers r enthralled last Monday afternoon *in I
the \u25a0 apartments ' of Mrs. •' Henry . Clarence
Breeden at Hotel : Rafael. '"'.-: . :~ :r: r
'\u25a0 '. ---•'.\u25a0•'' \u25a0.'•'"•' : ' ' '" .'. .
Mr. and Mrs. Richard f P..' Schwerin
were j guests of { honor . last Monday, e ven-
Ing at a, dinner ; given by .; Mr. . and . Mrs.
E. H. Harrimanl' .. '
- The palm garden -of the Palace was
the . setting '\u25a0 of the affair, which included
a dozen guests. '•'•:'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 -• \u25a0.
Dr.Tand Mrs.' Redmond Payne enter
tained a few guests -S at y luncheon in . the
palm garden last. Wednesday. TThe Sablns
and Paynes are all in -town, again 'from
their; country, place at Mountain -.View
and will remain .until after' Miss; Pearl
Sabln's marriage. - ' ' ' ,
-•..-. .-.\u25a0•• \u25a0 * . . . -. ,'•- < - . •
\u25a0. \u25a0\u25a0 •-..\u25a0•. • \u25a0 .. \u25a0 . •\u25a0 i - .'. , •
H. , E. Huntington and his son, ' Howard
Huntington; were, hosts on Wednesday, at
a luncheon at ? the Palace.;. \u25a0 Eight covers
were laid in • the, palm, garden..; ..-.
Mr. and - Mrs. : Howard : E. . Huntington
are spending -a I short; time fc within^the
State,"- but win soon \be-. pn . their i journey
toward Europe.;' v v "\u25a0;>\u25a0;.' '..r^^^j.\- ...-; ,./
;-:; Their wedding, j celebrated . last iWednes
day evening,' was one of the prettiest that
has taken place on the Alameda Blde.'i-./-.-;
With a'j total \u25a0, lack \u25a0. of j ostentation'; there
was the exquisite if air; of : reflnement % at
taching Ito 5 all \ preparation.^. -. The J.bride* g
gown of richest . soft V sating was ,= simply
trimmed. with fine old- lace • at throat and
"wrists.^•\u25a0'ii^ ;'- ' L'-rK^ ';-''- .\u25a0:-:•';- \:'-y:'J
t The bridal' train.pf imald: of . honor and
four bridesmaids iwas; most; attractive,
their; gowns : of ishear; stuff 'creating f a
vision: of undulating- fliinlness.S /. v ;
'The modest (nuniberrof. guests long
r'. member ! the r Impressive ; effects and ;, the
pretty J compliment ? paid % by it bride " "and
groom in ; progressing from ; table* to • table,"
In this way overlooking no one. - . . .
'\u25a0 \u25a0\u0084. r. Bi*-y : m; < 4 • ;\u25a0*\u25a0"--;\u25a0 -\u25a0..'\u25a0 :..
\u25a0H; A- San ; Mateb \u25a0 bride|on IWednesday; was
Miss Margaret i Hawes4 who ; wedded {.Cap-v
tain Haan : of ' the army '.« at ' the f home >of
. \u25a0 \u25a0 • . .•-!\u25a0--'. >•\u25a0\u25a0', - /> \u25a0.y!» 1 j..-v;:'<::".
the nuptials of Miss Marion • Voorsanger
and Emanuel- A. Waxelbaum, a thousand
invitations bavins. been issued.
: Miss Vaorsaoger isivery? widely known
both through the prominence of her fam
ily and because of her interest in and de
votion to affairs of public and human in-,
terest- i ' \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0:•, /.--/ - '+'-'.'.\u25a0. - \u25a0\u25a0" -\. ':-\u25a0\u25a0 .-.;. •:\u25a0-•
i.'HMt Waxelbaum of Macon, . Georgia, is
identify in that city with business ' af
fairs. : ;- ; .-..- ..-; - . •\u25a0;. \u25a0 : . '
A reception will ,' follow the ceremony,
about t seventy-five guests having/ been
bidden to the Voorsanger home on Frank
lln street. .; •\u25a0;•\u25a0 . . :: .%£,;--
The . maid of honor. ;will be Miss. Ray.
Voorsanger, \u25a0'! with Miss Maud Ackerman,
Miss > Dorothy . Meinlnger, . Miss "Almee
Pollak ' and Miss . Stella Goodman as
bridesmaids.. :.;; ;-.- : .'
2 Lewis Waxelbaumm .; will serve the
grOOm-i':." \u25a0 '-'r't'fr ' '. . ...
'\u25a0• "' • \u25a0 ; • . \u25a0 . •
;.The first, new announcement for' the
•week was \u25a0 that r of • Miss Juliet Garber of
Oakland Frank D. - Strlngham, the
San Francisco attorney. / ' /-
Miss Garber, has not long been at home
from abroad \u25a0; and ! her >~ days 'i since ; return-
Ing have been ,Well filled with | attention—
.that of welcome from her friends for the
engagement,; so long an \u25a0 open \u25a0 secret/ had
not - been '\u25a0;. stamped .with ; formality/; but
now : . other ;v fetes ;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 are / ..-. rapidly being
scheduled -, for L Miss Garber, \u25a0-; who \u25a0 ' holds
many leading families in close connection
.with own. v \u25a0 -.\u25a0\u25a0•- •'
. ''Tis : surmised that the T Strlngham-Gar
ber wedding bells will soon ring out.
-\u25a0•* ; :~ -.•--.-•--•\u25a0.•:••• "•\u2666_--«.-...--.. .-.-.. , _ -
The attractiveness of Oakland maids is
oft set forth and widely* commented upon,
and it would seem that Cupid enjoyed his
field, of ; labors in; that vicinity, for there
has been a continuous and rapid harvest
of fiancees of late." .;}: •'\u25a0 r ..
£t Miss : Helen Garthwaite >is to marry. Ar
thur,' Tasheira and' many congratulations
are 'i going - out* toward the s pair. ' - She is
the : ; daughter:- of T Mr: ' and- Mrs. W. W.
Garthwaite of long and. well-known estab
lishment «i in*. Oakland's /society ,v. world,
while Mr. Tasheira is an attorney of .this
city • and ; a graduate of . the^ State Univer
sity,*: his I parents beingiMn- and ; Mrs.- I*
Tasheira of Linda Vista.' •
i : : ~ \u25a0"• :''.'\u25a0' *-iky:+ /• :;\u25a0 •/!.; -
/ The engagement, : of Miss Frances
Warfleld * to? Robert Newell . has occa
sioned ' much '\u25a0 happiness i outside the two
"directiy : coricerned.T • *'- ''• "+_:' ..". V
w^ltTseeins j that these young ' people are
unusually;,; papular and ' much * specula
tion f has % run rife -.5 concerning r them.
\u25a0Now,, that ; they .= have settled the : question
thelr 4 friends are pleased; * \u25a0/,',/ ,', .",.,
1 Miss :is I a J charming/ hostess,
the < home/ of \ parents,: Mr. , and \ Mrs.
'John \u25a0 H.*: Spring,* in Frultvale,' often - being
open' to > merrtoient. v ;
i? Mr7i Newell i ls- a' 'cultivated -.] musician,
but is .engaged in practical lines, being
associated. with'; Wlckham* Havens.
:^;^;^:V.. :.:\u2666\u25a0:\u25a0••--'•: : v : - v^:- ,
• ; Miss }. Helen \u25a0 Garthwaite will ;\u25a0• be • the - re
cipient Cof I many affairs jin '\ her | honor,
during , the j fall .• and winter ; and • already,
her friends are offering' attention upon
her X; recently > announced > ? engagement
Last ; , Thursday J Miss j Georgie j, Strong i*pt
OaJcland convened a number] of ; znafas -
.\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0-..-r. •\u25a0-\u25a0:\u25a0 ,_" •
There's no denying that the. snob —
the female species — is multiplying far
out of proportion to the prevailing birtn
rate that the census man talks about.
And nowhere is it more definitely dem
onstrated than at summer hotels, whefe
are gathered many types of as many
social s€ts— and that's where the fun be- j
gins.
The first onslaught of the snobbess — •
and she varies in age and beauty, but i
never in style— is made when the new- j
comer emerges from the bus. ;
With a highly superior air, empha- J
sized by an immaculate white skirt and
shirtwaist, she surveys the travel
stained and weary traveler, exuding: the
Impression that the newcomer is taking
unwarrantable liberties In coming to
the hotel is patronized by her.
Act Two: She loses no time in sur
veying the register. If she has seen the
came In the society columns often !
enough to make it familiar, or it Is i
known in the world of achievement,
then she sets about to form an ac- !
quaintance. ' •
But if the arrival has the misfortune j
to be no-one-in-particular — be she ever
20
SNOBBISHNESS AT SUMMER RESORTS
SALLY SHARP.-" SETS "CASE i FOR « HEARINO."=-Justlce ;. of
the ' Peace &;Van >• Nostrand > yesterday - set » for
hearing >on ? September h 6 % th« % suit r - of :.T. • J.
Xullljlan s against ? the 7 International i Society i of
Human i Endeavor i and i Dr. « Orlof »N," Orlow to
recover $150 for; service* rendered. - ' "
v IT years' a«o 1 reduced my :wel«Bt 53 panndi;
bust 8 lnches.%* WaUt }0 J Inches." > and ;• hltw -, 10
Inches "\u25a0 by ' a : simple ' harmleoß \ remedy.- 1 Health
oerfecVS No • exercise. 1 " no •wrinkles,-' no starving.
r will tell you; how. > Inclose stamp. | Mr 3. Dtana
Alves. 1 62 mgln Park.^ San ; Francisco. . Cal.". •,-•
Stoat Ladles!
PEDERAL.V, RECORDS k REMOVED.— The
woVk or fremovlng the ; records of the Federal
rourt* ? fronVt the Appraiser's . building Jo . the
new^overnment 1 : bulldlnr.v corner of ; Seventh
2nd ; Miarion streets, ; was ; begun yesterday
mornlnj^ - ZThe . courts will . remove on Thur«
day. -\u25a0•-:'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 '-v'^:--, \u25a0 -' - - '-'•-:\u25a0 :.•\u25a0-• :
This coming Wednesday, Herman Lo
ser, 1057 Marke t; street, iwill I sell men's
all-wool suitiM worth; sl2 and $15, sizes
34.- 35 and 36/, for ?5.00 a'suit. I 0£ suits
will be - »old, v no > more . and no less. < the
will flnd it to their advantage to inves
tigate this ,offer.;
Short' 'and Sweet.
"Well-Known 'Mendoelno County Man Is
" " Mode the 'Innocent Victim of an
• v : c ; -. Aunoylnjr . Hoax. : . -
In July last Wllmot B. McFaul of
Gualala, Mendocino County, a well
known rancher,' was married in this
city to Miss Olive Hart and immediate
ly thereafter, returned to • Mendocino
County with his bride, where he has
since resided. From this fact jokers
set in circulation a story, entirely de
void of truth, which has been the
cause *, of much annoyance to . Mr. and
Mrs. McFaul. The story included a
statement that Mr. McFaul and his wife
separated after a brief- tJme, In which
period Mrs. McFaul . received a hand
some gift to the amount of $500 and
blso that Mr. -McFaul,- coming to -the
city, had no person In • mind to ; marry,
Tbut Miss Olive Hart was recommended
to him in a joke- and he "speedily/ac
cepted her and compensated \u25a0 two offi
cials at the City Hall, who suggested
her name, in the sum of $100 each.
; This was all untrue, but it'innocent
; Iy found its way into print ini several
California papers.. This statement cor
rects the error that has been published
that Mr. McFaul may, not be subjected
longer to annoyance : for. which : no i le
gitimate reason exists. \
BEATEN WITH AN IRON HAEL— Mra. An
nie Brodofaky, 33 . Wheat street, obtained t a
warrant from Police Jud»e Conlan yesterday
for the arrest, of "John • Doe" •- Bostic '.on a
charg* of assault with a deadly , weapon. . Mra.-
BrwJof sky's - husband/. Max, • is .a^ peddler, ; and;
while on his way home -on Friday, evening, on
San Bruno avenue Bostic,; who Is. also • a ped
iller attacked : him with •an r Iron bar, ; break
ing "his arm, battering: hlsr face and , otherwlsH
Injurlns him. He- Is now, under, the care of a
PRACTICAL' 'JOKERS SPREAD
STORY THAT HAS NO' TRUTH
SMUGGLED SHAWLS SEIZED.— Six em
broidered silk «hawl3 were setzed yesterday by
customs searchers In \u25a0 the Chines* forecastle
of the steamer Mongolia which arrived v from
Honpkonir and Yokohama on August 13. The
shawls were not Invoiced and will be sola for
the benefit of the Government.
BURGLARS VISIT A RESIDENCE.— The
police were notified yesterday that durlnx the
temporary absence of the family the residence
of Mrs. . William Butler. 11S1 > Shotwell street.
war entered by burglars on Friday. Entrance
was effected by forcing open a rear window.
Every room had been ransacked, but nothing
had apparently . been stolen. - -
When your skin looks yellow and you
rise in the morning with a bad taste in
your mouth, take Lash's Bitters. •
"OoirntoTvn property" In San Fran
cisco , has a wide sisnlflcance nowa
days-—
' \u25a0 Some Bllt-edse Investment* for yon
to foatldrr ' advertised In Sunday's
call.' . .... : \-i .-•-. ..'r ;.-, :;\u25a0-.;;,• \u25a0\u25a0 .. i
OAKI.ANDEK3 AT WHIST— Ivy Lod«« Of
the Degree of Honor, located In \u25a0 Oakland, will
have a grand whist tournamsnt In Fraternal
Hall on Washington street In that city, tq
morrow nlgtt. Valuable prizes will be awarded
to the winners.
\u25a0 A tea will be given by the members of
the Sailors' Protective Society at the
home of Mrs. Eleanor Martin. 2040 Broad
way, on Thursday, ; September 14, from 3
to 6 p. m. Tickets 'will be: $1. A varied
and attractive ! programme will be pre
sented, . and the ladies . will endeavor to
make this affair a success.
The Sailors' Home -has been placed, in
charge of the , Sailors',; Protective Society,
and since assuming control it has found
it ncessary to expend a considerable mm
in refurnishing and renovating th« house
throughout. To meet this expenditure the
board has decided to -give a tea,? and
Mrs. Eleanor Martin has generously, do
nated the use of her : beautiful house for
the occasion. It Is to be hoped that there
will ba a"; liberal .response to the ; worthy
efforts being made. : : "^
'*•"\u25a0 Tickets may .'be procured: from the fol
lowing ladles, who are members of .this
board: : . Mrs. A. H. Loughborough.' 1100
O'Farrell street; Mrs. P. J. White. 2340
Bueh street; Miss M. Carr. '226 Ninth
Btreet. . Oakland; Mrs. A. :Garceau. Hotel
Rafael.' San Rafael; ;Mrs.? Hyde Smith.
San Mateo:MJss-M. -Mellls. St. Ignatius
Training School, Ninth street, near Fol
som; Miss M. i Garety, 86 j; Clara street;
Mrß. Margaret Peane, Chronicle office, or
"Meadowlands." San "Rafael, ; and Mrs.
Eleanor Martin.. 2o4o Broadway. >
-\u25a0 .- \u25a0'\u25a0-. v •'\u25a0 . : * .-- '.* ." - - \u25a0\u25a0- :"-\u25a0 '.
''\u25a0> Trie formal * announcement of Lieuten
ant George : C. Rockwell's engagement Is
made. .The f air fiancee >is j Miss Carolyn
Richards of : Spokane. ; The rumor of ; this
happy affair has been in the air ior.some
time, and : much . Interest < has been ; taken .
for Lieutenant Rockwell was a very; POP
ular ; officer : at the ; : Presidio, *nd t many
congratulates .will, be his portion from
this city. Miss Richards is a society maid
of Spokane and a member of the young
er'set.''-.r' : .- \u25a0\u25a0-.-\u25a0-- '\u25a0\u25a0''\u25a0•-. • ; "\u25a0
MRS. ELEANOR
MARTIN OFFERS
HOME FOR TEA
"Wednesday evening next the Army
and Navy Parlor No. 207, Native Son«
of the Golden West, will take a benefit
at the Grand Opera-house, the pro
gramme for which will be. Denis O'Sul
livan In his perfect , performance of
Shaun the Post In "Arrah-Na-Pogue."
This parlor was originally composed of
Native Sons who fought In the late
Spanish T Amerlcitn War. They started
out full of hope and ambition, but mis
fortune overtook them and the numer
ous sick calls upon their.treasury left It
almost empty. They then opened their
charter and permitted any one who was
a native of California to join. They
have been steadily growing, and now
have a membership of 135. The follow
ing are the officers of the parlor: Past
president, I* 1* Hunter; president, F. R.
Sutton; first vice president, H. J. Back
ing; second vice president, J. M. Glen
nan; third vice president. A. L. Eisner;
recording secretary, "W. L. Coffey; finan
cial secretary, George H. Allen; treas
urer, A. R. Farless: marshal. H. S. Sut
ton; inside sentinel, E. S. Norton; out
side sentinel, J. H. Murray; trustees-^-
H. G. Leffmann, T. A. Kerrigan and Da
vid Mann; surgeons^ — John W. ;Sm!tn,
Theodore Rethers and Louis H. Granig.
The amount realized from the benefit
will be devoted to the sick fund of the
parlor, and when it Is stated that moqt
of the members who are In need from
this source owe their sufferings to in
juries sustained by them in fighting for
Uncle Sam, public sympathy will at
once be enlisted.
.Native Sons* Benefit.
. The long period of strained relations
that • has existed between Mrs. Lulie
Mayall and; . her . husband, Herschel ]
iMayall^theieadins man at the Cenrt.il
f Theater, culminated yesterday in a suit
I^or : maintenance brought against tht
i. leading man." \u25a0- - -
-•Ffom'time toftime, it appears, since
the actual' separation of the couple in
April ; of -tliis.y fear.'; the actor has sent
his wife $30 a week, and the intention
I of the suit, according to, the fair Dlain
tiff's attorneys. Garoutte & Goodwin,
Is to force payment of money regularly.
\u25a0The couple were married in Michlaran
on the 26th day of February. IS9O, At
that time Mrs..Mayall was a successful
Ingenue and*. Mayall was beginning to
make a | reputation. In the suit for
maintenance, the plaintiff alleges that |
hen. husband's present income is over
$500 a- month and that he owns per
sonal, and real property in St.' Vaul,
Minn.v exceeding $10,000 in value- This
property was in the.'hands of the ac
tor's mother, who died a little ovtr a
week ago.
As an adequate sum, the complal-.t
asks that $200 a month be allowed by
the court and a sum of $500 as counsel
fees pending the litigation. - *
| The news of the suit came; as a sur
prise to the defendant and he-«ays:h«
will contest the action. Mayall ex
pressed regret that his wife had /taken
euch a course, and while not condemn
ing; her. he said that the suit \fl» un
timely and ill-advised. "For two years
the couple have been living unhappily,
owing to the rumored infatuation oi the
leading man for an actress 'at present
in the Central Theater stock.
The following suits for divorce were
filed .yesterday: William G. Wlttman
from I Sarah Wittman, alleging deser
tion;, Eva from Nathan Scheellne, fail
ure tos provide.
Central Theater Leading Man
May Be Involved in Sensar
tional Legal Difficulties.
City Attorney Loos Says So Ann)
Should Be Taken From Decision
Giving Judgment to M-Sarveyor. \u25a0
City Attorney Long: yesterday advised
the Board of Supervisors not to appeal
from the decision of the Superior Court
awarding: judgment to C. S. Tilton, for
mer City Surveyor and now deceased,
in the sum of $13,700. Tilton sued the
city for $8500 for work performed in
drawing: up city maps in 1393 and the
judgment with interest amounted to
$13,700. The attorney for Tilton's heirs
has offered to take $10,000 In full satis
faction of the claim and Long: advises
the Supervisors to pay the claim on
the basis of the compromise.
ADVISES SUPERVISORS TO
settle: tiltovs cum
MAYALL'S WIFE SUES
FOR MAINTENANCE
Jose-^-W. . L. Woodrow /and "wife. Mrs. J. R.
Chace" and -, son, ' Gus ' and .M. L«on, Dr. 1
F. -~H.- -Patterson.-^Henry - Booksin. D.
Blaner. Frank P. Barker and wife. \u25a0J.
Lin '-Wallace. -Mrt.-' T. - «C. - Pratt,- Mr».
M.E. Earle. Mrs.. J.H.Farell. From other
point* in- California— Frank W. % Beckman ana
wife «nd"Mis« Margaret- BecKman. Lodi; Dr.
W. P. AusUn, Palermo;^ Mru.~ W.l F. Mag
gard, Madce and Alleen Maggard, . Cornlns:
Mrs. J. W. Pew. Belvedere; J. ; H. Wallace,
John McNeil and family. Los Angeles; W.H.
Kirkbrldr and ': wife. ', Red Bluff; A. Hassel
back and daughter, - - Fresno; •- allss G.
Wiley Gilroy; Scott S. Souinworth, Bolinas;
George W. Lucy .and wife, X'olusa: Miss Julia
Lauck, Santa Clara: G?orgt Ruter. Mrs. J.
aancey.. Miss Hanshauer, , Santa Cruz; R. E.
Bertlng, Tulare; D. S. Hamilton. :W. P. Sib
ley, Stockton: Miss Peterson, Misa.. Lathrop. i
Edward Hutchlne; and\ wUe^Stanfjrik^Judße J
John M. Corcoran." wife: and icrtnaeaHar Mart- |
nc.«a- Mrs. E. Tucker, Oroville:' J. J. Morris. \
Mian Eliza J. Greer, B. A. , Hettlngur and wif e, |
Palo A.to: Frank Bropy.- Mrs. • C. A. _Ferrtn j
and daughter, -Berkeley:- Mliwea J., Bird -ana
O Long. Merced: N. E; de Yoe and_wife.
Mrs. Lora da Jot • Brown. Wlllalm ; Wilson I
and wif^. W. H. Van Aiken. wlfe.and daugh
ter. Modesto- W. H. Moore - and wife,'.. Mont
gomery, Ala.; William :l»aird. Philadelphia. .
Pa.: G. Yergerand wife, Memphis; W. tpton.
Providence, R..1.: Misses Julia Bird: and. Alice
A. Meed, Mrs. . Peacefleld. Plttsburg.
Misses Emma and Sara M. '\ Campbell, Emily
J. Rice. Dr. May C. Rice. Helen R. Flem
ing. Perals ©Town, Chicago, III.: Mrs. J., L.
Simpson and Miss Simpson. Misses Am-lia
WieV and Julia: Frank; St. \ Paul: Miss Mary
L Robinson. Madison. Ind.: George I. Luf-
Jclns. St. , Lou's: \u25a0 Ml*ses Avis :E. Smith and
M. i Murray Fontaine, - Kansas City. Mo. ; W.
W Davis and wife. ; Leadviile. Colo. : Mrs.
Luther Perkins and daughter. CofTeyvllle.
Kans • W.. Broughan and family. Miss Laura
Thompson. Carson Clty^ Nev. ; - Mlm Francis
Hawlett. Minneapolis. Minn. ; 8. .B. . Scholz.
Colorado Sprint. Colo. rMiM Etta M. Bard
well Ottumwa. Iowa; F. E. Blufeld. Grand
Forks. .N. D.: W. S. -Balnbridge, Seattle,
Wash.- T, ' . \u25a0
AT HOTEL VENDOME: From . San Fran
clboo—Mrs. L. Prager. Helen S. Prager, Alice
J. Prager, . Mrs. V. R. Wills, Clarence de
Veuve, Mrs. S. K. Foster, Miss K. M.
Geoughe. Agues A. Carey. .Mrs. Richard
Spreckels. Mis*. Louise C. dpreckels, Richard
Smith \v. J. F.j nn, EXtzabeth Kohr. ; W. B.
Giibeit S. «.;. Quick, Mi E .C. X Co, burn, Mrs.
M. . E. 'Newhall, T. C. ShanUland. Rev. G.
Montgomery, Charles S. Fet» J; VV. Kldpath.
Jamts Horsbursiv. i>- uuncan. Kd F. Uosen
tlial, Jefferson M. Moore. Rev. Jacob Voor
eanger. Sam \u25a0 Dannenbaum, Mrs. Alexander
Heymenan and two children. Mrs. C. B. Luff.
Mrs. H. Weston, Miss M. Brainard, Judge
Robert J. Tobin. Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Dltzler,
R. Maertena E. V. SanQers. Hugo D. Kell, S.
P. "Johnston, Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Branden .
stcln Mr. and Mrs. C. : H. Morrill, Raiph
Brown Mr. and Mrs. Walter Brown, Mr. and
Mrs. B' E. Green, "Mr. and Mrs.J. A. Chans
lor, E. H. Harding. J. C.Rtley,. Dr.- and
Mre. Clark Burn ham. Mists Burnnam. C. A.
Boyer, Dr. and Mrs. A. K. Harshall. Mr. and
Mrs. Gus Harshall, Mrs. Kobett J. Curry, Miss
Laura Curry. A. A. McCallum, Miss J. Macy,
Samuel G. iJuckbee,' Alien ii. -Freeman. Frank
B. Hall. George H.Salsbury. Fred B. Lake
and wife, Fred B. Lalce Jr., Mr. and Mrs. S.
Hollub. B. J. Michaels. >. Mr. ' and. : Mrs. J. O.
Jlhoades M . J. \u25a0 Tansey, •J. . Hamilton. \u25a0- Dr.-
Frank R. Dray. Will F. Seargeant.- Mi3s El
dridge. Miss Morris, •R. L. • Howell,. George
McPhersqn G. L. Mclver, G. H. Cannaught,
Mrs. Theodore Stelner. Mles Josephine Stelner.
Mrs Martha C. . Oppenhelmer, Mr. and Mrs.
J. J. Geisinger, W. S. Piadwe.!; Walter ' H.
Field. George Bean Jr..' F. K. Plate. ' Mr. and
lire Harry Benner. 'E. A. . Bullls. Mr. and
Mrs John D. Sibley, Captain J. Tremayne
fcmlth Mr. and Mrs. ! F. Hohricbner, E. ,G.
Gait, Mr. and Mrs: Horace B. Scott. H. A.
Carolan. W. T. Garrett, Mr. and. Mrs.- J.
AT* HOTEL \u25a0 ROWARDENN AN : From San
Francisco: Miss Renee • Kelly. E. P. F;arns
worth, Mrs.- Alex Heynemann, N. J. Lafayette-
Bavay. John A. Emery. H.D. Rustler. Mr. and
Mrs. A. Jenkins, Mrs. E. Innes, -Miss Ethel
Innee. Miss Anna Innes. From Oakland— J. S.
Cole Jr. From Santa Cruz— D. L.. Wilson. Mr.
and Mrs H. F. Anderson. Frpnj New -. York—
L.S. Keene. From BerKdey—H. F. . Jones.
From Fresno — Miss Lillian Dunn. From ban
FiUpi— Mr. and Mrs. -J. F. Dunne, Miss Hall.
From Los Angeles — Mr. and Mrs. R. A. Brassy.;
From Palo Alto— L. J.: Hart.
AT KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS: From San
Francisco— W. H. Healy. A. J. Healy.' Henry
Donahue. R. P. Walsh. C. S. Watson, S. M.
Montgomery, Edward J. Nolan, V. Clinton
Montgomery, M. , J. Jones, r Fred \ olkmainer..
From Berkeley— Florence Amelia Kierulff.
From Sacramento— E. F. Pecrl. From Los An
geles—L. W. Carr. From Yreka— F. J. Mc-
Nulty, M. D.; James Nally Jr.. J. H. Offleld-
From Bogus— Lewis ' White. Mlse B. W hite.
Miss N. Freeman, Miss J. Herzog. Froin-Horn
brook—L. b. Newton. A. Lyln. From Marys
vllle—A. P. Llpp, W. A. Soioman., From Ager
-W d. Allied. From Plcard— George A.
Frame. From Palo Alto— F. C. Pole. From
Wllliamsburg, Jnd.—O.G. Davis From Louis
ville Ky — XV: L. Christian ana wife. GeCr£2
Hale and wife. From Grants Pass, Or.—Rob
ert Glenn 'Smith. Mabel C. ' Smith. ; Ida \ha
RAT OCEAN VILLA— MIbs Ola f Whltlock*;
Merced: F. R. ' Carroll and wife, Mlsb M.
O'Rourke. Mies J. ORourke, Emll A. Lowe,
San Francisco; Mle« Anna Stemraer, Miss
Martha Mentzel. Elkader. Iowa; Miss Jessie
Kern, Miss Man' Porcher, Scranton, Pa. ; Mr.
and Mrs. Willlara Grant, Grand Forks, N. D.;
Miss Susie D-. . Allen, Minneapolis, Minn.; F.
Whitman. San Jose, Cal.; E. O. de Pledge,
England, Sunderland; Miss Anna Stammer,
Sin Jt»se; Allpb C. F. Stoll. MUs E. C. Stoll,
Simon Stoll Sn.', Independence, Mo.: Mrs. M.
J. Oldham; Kansas City, Mo.; Mirs M. Left
wick Miss" Ethel Amthern, Independence,
Mo 1 Mrs. T. J. Turner. Misa Edna. NimocUs,
Stanford Uulverelty; Miss Laurel Tunrey. Mlssr
Ruth Ellis, -Topeka, Kans.; Mr., and Mrs. F. B.
Peck and family, i Ottawa, ; Kans. ; A.' . Mlot,
Bakersfleld;' Mr. •\u25a0 and- Mrs.:. James.' Normand,.
Santa Cruz; Mis« Anna Levy, MiM Cella Levy.
Salt Lak« City, Utah; Jerome A:* Harris, .M.
R. Harris. Mrs. J. F. Cauby, Vera L. , Cauby,
J F Cauby, San Francisco; Mrs.. Julia Fauke,
Vandalia. Ill.T Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Eden.
Joe' O. Eden, Mr. and \u25a0 Mrs. -A. D. Chance,
AT BYRON HOT SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — F. Poly, Urs. H. . I. Moore, Mm.
Joseph Archer. Mrs. A. R. Cobley. Paul S.
King M Samter, Mrs. F. S. Kater, John
Slcan. Mr*. H. Cohn. Mr?. H. Reid, M. Adult.
Mrs. W. E. Osborn, Earle O6born, Mr. and
Mrs. P. Donohoe, Miss Neille Wheeler, Joseph
Michtlschke. B. M. Gunn. Kenneth Gunn. Mrs.
M. M. Reed. Mrs. Louis C. Pistolesi. Samuel
Braunhort. W. E. Joslyn. Mrs. W. E. Jo*lyn.
A J Moore, D. Jacobs Mr. and Mrs. Selba/
Mr. and Mrs. Jacobs, J. M. Davis. M. C. N Mer
illl T. D. McCarthy, N. T. Hanlon.Mr. and
Mrs. F. L. Hanson, Albert Hanson. James
Martin. William Welzer. Adam 8. Collins. Mr.
ond Mrs. E. D. Price. Mr. and Mrs. Harry B.
Adier Herman Johnson. M. Schkegel. From
New York — Paul S. King. From Tehachapl —
John Burke. From Lo* Angeles — Mrs. E. R.
Brslnero Mrs. O. W. Roberts. Miss Semour P.
Ruch. From Chinese Camp — E. H. Sheaf e.
From Stese — Harry Ells. From Oakland— W.
M Downs, Frank Desloh. William Heyer, D.
E. Bernays, C. N. Hanrahan. J. K. Dunham.
From Antioch— E. P. Rapp. From Martinez —
C E Berg. From Petaluma— William Gart
man." From Fresno — D. B. Rlggs. K. M. Nieh
klan. From Tracy— E. Curran. From Merced
V. H. Larkln, L. H. . Applegate. From Mer
rill. Or.— Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Dalton. From
Sacramento— Mr.) and Mrs. 'Fred Cox. From
Pleasanton — Mantiel de Vacas, Jose Badugles,
John Vein, M. Ft Selna. From San Leandro —
John S. Corta.' l '\u25a0\u25a0-•. '\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '
AT THE SEA BEACH HOTEL. Santa Crux:
Tnra San Francisco— A. C. Bowles. Mr. | and
Mrs. John B. Minnas. C. A. Hagerman and
wife, George A. Keonlck and wife. Dr. W. J.
Murphy, J. S. Ontenelle. L. Hyde, Miss Fran
cis Barden, W. H. Hamilton; A. B. Stebens,
wife and child; C. H. Sominers, Miss Mary
Belle Gere, Ml «s Emily W. Gere. E. E. Kep
ple P. A. Ziegenfucß. William A. Sexton, C.
D Stevens. L. C. Abrahams. Mary H. Growbe.
Rosemary Glosz and, maid, Albert" \u2666 Meyer,
Roland Becsey and wife, = Philip Hastings
and^wife. Miss Ethel Hawker. C. A. Ruther
ford FW. Klrske. Samuel M. Levlson, James
H S«hwabacher. J. W. Schmltz. J. W. Schmltz
Jr' Mrs. Julia Woreke, Mrs. L. K. Vaughn,
D. *H. Jacobs, Walter H. Robinson. William C.
Spencer James Ferguson. Miss Hanavon, Miss
Edith Norrls. Mis» Mablo Norris, Mrs. Lath
am. Mrs. W. S. Hamilton, ' Dr. A. H. Mc-
Cirstal Mrs. Edwin R. Dlmond and maid.'
Mrs A. G. Dana, Miss Katherlne Dana,:Master
A N. Dana, R. D. Fowler.' Mr. and' Mrs.*
G* ' Lent. • Mr. " and Mrs.' L. J. Scott. • Mi.»-s
Land William Hoff, George Whlttell Jr.. C.
H. \u25a0: Morreir and wife, -,R. . C Brown,- Walfr
Brown and wife, Mr. and Mrs.' J. A. Chancel
lor. J. C. Rlley. Mrs. N. F. - Reminprton. Miss
Clara Guirney. Mrs. J. Plover,' Miss M. Plover,
Miss Katherlne Plover. Ben ,Levi. ; ; Thert ga.
gmlth. Kathryn Bowline Mrs. J. P. Hale. Her
man Yercer end wife, C. iA. - Westerfeld. ; P. .
J. tJfr Williams. F.'. E. Barstow/. D. G. Ross. ;
H. W. Westerfeld and wife. M.- A. ' Brummer
and wife. Frank- Jacott, . Wordley R. . Smith,
Mrs. . E. M. Edwards,. Mlsp Mlgnon | Edwards,
Mrs Mary L. Robinson, Miss Alice A. Meed^,
S W. Laughlin. Mrs.; E. Irrnes, Anna
Inncs Miss Ethel Innes. Miss Davis. Mlse -Me-;
Con-cry, L. T. Mayberry, F. C. Prince, Mrs.
L W. Bnasctt,' Miss .F.^Bassett.' Mrs. -Belle;
L Llnelle. Mrs. E. B. Wooster, Mr. and^Mrs.
T W Latham." James Latham, Davis Latham,
Mlfs Ella P<rry. Miss Janie • J. I Harris.' Mis*
Caroline West, Miss- Mary ; Jones, Miss Daisy.
Peersou Miss Julia Bowles, Miss Gussle Hen
derson. ' Ear!. Fiher. , R. : .T. Ead«V Marshall ' C. ;
Harris and wife, Ada C. Button, C. Abbott and
wife K. Bryant and wife. Mi6s Callahan, Caro-:
line Callahan, , Llllle Callahnn.; N. ; J. L. Savoy,
W .F. Bowers,, George C. Alfntz, H. , A: Buck,
j W Lewis. Mrs.. A; • Langon, 'L. Langon,
Mlfs Annie F. Frye. Blanche E. Tuttle, Mary
Bradlej-, J. Pllger. • Mrs.'. C. ; Lombard. Mrs. : E.
N Evans -and -ch!ld.\- P.'. Duncan, -,0. -de Veuve.*;
H* ; T "Bush, Mr.- and 'Mrs. -R.-H.'; Sterling,'
Elizabeth Webster, .•_ Vera - Novacovlch." i; J." H. .
Newhauer,/ J. C. ; Doolittle.-: Maurice Rosendon
and wife. Dr.' B. H. Grayston and. wife, -Isa
bella ' GravsWn. ."Mary.-E. Orayston. :\u25a0 John U. \
Lowry and wlf p. 'W. 'Cahlll. M.-iDumerJand
wife,- Miss H. King, G. : Carpenter, f Harry A.
Gibson , JITs. • Lucile \u25a0; F. i Femald, ; Mles- Fair-:
child S." Aronnon. George D. Cohn. J. J. ; Flem- .
ing' H. F. Brown 1 and wife,' J.;Meyerford.'M. \u25a0
Oanz J " H." \u25a0\u25a0• C.'v Royas t. and '. wlf«. r ; Todd C C. :
Wood'wiirth. Harry Benner \u25a0 and wife,? C. :. F.^
Nottniuirle. H. -D. Haydenfeldt.- T. C. ; Shank
land E. B. Smith.' Mr. and Mrs.' M.- A. Frank,'.
C \u25a0'\u25a0' McCullou«h. - \u25a0\u25a0-... J... \u25a0 Warshous. J. Ad
ler.' • Mrs.-'- Luther ;: Perkins. - ; Jnwe " A;.
Perkins, '\u25a0'\u25a0 Louise \u25a0 \u25a0? Perkins,? •-'. E. "\u25a0--•: Hagereth.'
From Oakland— Mrs. John Bohan, ; Mrs. • L. : Mc-
Cabe, Mrs. Carrie ! : F. Snyder. >'\u25a0 Miss :; Helen
Whitei \u25a0 J.* A." Cole Jr.;- Miss >E.". M. '? Barr, 7 Mrs; (
E Calder. ' From; Stockton— Dr.* and s Mrs. • J.-
P ; Sarpent. Mr.: and Mrs. Mlnot TerrllV M., M.
Rosenthal. » H. W.'. Earls. -. Mrs.' Cornelius Swain,
Fred - M.v-West ' and \u25a0"• wlf •,\u25a0••' Mrs. >F. - D. "'••\u25a0 Nlcol," 1 !
Miss NUol. \u25a0• From Sacramento— J.^ W. . Wilson, '
Mies F. \u25a0 Cox,' Mlm Elsie Cox. i H:.'S. MeGa>*ern'
nndswlf*.^ -From San" Jose — R.-.B.~ Ruble, ;E. P.
Llort s Gus Lion. G. » H. ' Paterson. : M. , D. : \u25a0JV M.'
Moore, .. 8. -; F. Miller, i.W; ;N. J Avery and -. wife, \
3 ,F. "Brooke.? H. Lion, '? Dr.,* and v Mrs. -Pertin..'
W J."< Ken. ' F. -• B.- Pemminif. v- From Los ; An
reles—J. v W."t McNeil* an«> ramlly, - ; H.' ; Q.\ Me-"
Neil." M. = D. ; Miss , Leßue." Mr. ; and Mrs.": R. « A."
Brassy, -' Mr. f and ;'. Mrs.~- B;> E." Green, ;: Malor.e i
Joyce, A> A.* Caidwell.': J. ' P.t ßaldwin and ; wife,
George -Mason.: Dean-;. Mason.";* From*, Boulder
Creeh— H. sN. \u25a0 Middleton. •; From Grass .Valley— ".
C." A." Brocklngton and; wife, -Miss Brocklngton.^
From San Fellpe^ — Miss Hall, J. F. Dunne and
. The last week shows an apparent de
crease among the outgoers, but the re
sorts are still holding many permanent
guests, who will linger through the last
days of summer . and into the fall. The
sea shore is still .very attractive, and
there is but small falling away at these
resorts. ' *.;*:. '>'V.""*T ....
AT HOTEL EL CARMELO : From San
Francisco— Harry' Keller, H. C. Mcll, : C. Cal
vert, R. B. Rankln, M. L. Shang, George Mil-,
ler, R, Cornelius, J.Nandergand, A. V. :Sherry
and wife, J. .D. McCarthy, Mr. . and Mru.
Sherman, A. W. Clark, L. Caen,' E. M. Lynch,
G. "I. Taylor, L. ' A. Leonhardt, L. Honlsber
ger.vP. H. "Bernayii and wife, C. W. Luce and
wlte. Miss Mabel Luce,_ Miss .-Ruth .Royal,
Ralph Burdzscher, ,'fheo Codge ; and wife, : F.
W. Gillette, M. C. Bosw'orth : and wife, F. E.
Bosworth and wife,: H. E. Anderson, Mrs. . l*
A. Anderson, ; P.O.: Goode, "J; B. Nakada and
wife, James Nakada, I G. L. Hampton, R. 13.
Marshall and wife, J; B. Nagley, Miss Anna
R. Harris, Mr. ' and Mrs. Hodsumi, ' Ji IJ.
Goodall, Miss Julia McDonald. E. Washington,
Miss J. Woods, Miss L. B. Metz, H. Oppen
heimer, Mrs. L. F. Breuner, H. ; L. F: Marvin
and wife,'- W. E. v Lewis,- Mrs. ' \u25a0 W.; Goeggel,
Misses Edna' and Gladys Qoeggel. Mrs. >.W. H;.
Eckhart, Mrs. .. K. Breuner, .' Miss \u25a0 -Mildred
Breuner, Edwin Emerson,' Clement ' Undpal n ter, •
W. H. : King, T. C. Shankland. "O. .A. Blnkle,
M. L. Ha worth. J. P. Thorn. \ C. " M. Baker,
E. J. Brown, E. R. ; Kreuger,: N. W." Price.
From Jolo Jolo, P. , L— Mrs. - W.- H. Chapman.
From- Honolulu — Dr. and A. N. Sinclair, Miss
A. M. Giles. From New York " City— R. J.
Phalr, fjfj 16.1 6. Gordon, Miss ' Genevleve Brandt,
E. L.: Burgess and wlfe.R." S. Hawley. . From
Melbourne— Mr. and - Mrs.'. N. Glover, Mr. . and
Mrs. Phillip Kyle.; From .Philadelphia—Jo
seph Elklnton. FTom Oakland— L. : D. : Inskeep
ond \u25a0 wife," H. ; D.'. Nichols \u25a0 and '\u25a0'- wife. Misses
Brenda and .Grace Ackerman, Mrs. A. S. Lar
key,. San ford end Jeff erson Lar key, \u25a0 Mrs. J. L.
Chtttenden and . Nat Chittenden. From Sacra
mento—Dr. Mary . Croneemlller, ' Mrs. N. D. ,
Graves," Mrs.' J. ;Neuman. • R." M.' . Richardson, :
Mlsa Lillian * Elert. i Dr. ' and [ Mrs.^i 8. . E. Sim
mons. Mrs. 'W. A. : Curtis. . Stockton — W. B.
Thomas and, wife,; Miss; Minna N. Ho well, D.
B. ;' Hamilton/- >\u25a0 From - Columbus, : Ohio— F. .; S.
Monett and i wire. From , San Jose— Mrs. M. : I*
Cheshire, Miss Ethel F. Cheshire,- H. Jansee,
B. ; * H.r Fi-anklin. P. R. '-\u25a0 McGeoghegnn. '- Miss
McGeoghcgan, W. F. Plnkston and wife,* A.F .
Gray, C. P. Bailey, W.: L. Woodson and wife.
Miss : C. \u25a0 Leon, ; Mrs. Gustave Leon, . Miss \u25a0 V.ld*
Vauve,' 3.- L.' Clarke," G. =.W;, Cowden;
Henry Bookson. From ; Nevada, Mo. — Miss- C.
C Caldwell," Miss E. Van Tries. . Miss Sklnker,
I Miss Rambach, . Mrs.\ E. N. Beach ; and s Miss
Gladys 1 Beach.' From .\u25a0, Lincoln, Nebr. — Ci. JW.
Gallltby.VWV R. Wise and wife, A. P. Pennys
and wife \u25a0From MarshalKown. lowa— Ai C. Hel
brlp and wife. From ChicaßO— Mrs. E. . Deleur,
From Stl'- Paul, Minn.— Misa Waugh. .'. From
Boston— Miss Ida *W$ Curtis. A From Michigan
\u25a0E. i Hosf ord. v: Olivet and fJ. E. • Kelly.
From Los ' Anrelea— C. E. French, wife ;and
daughter. From Oleander— W. T. Macomb and
wife.' -From* Fresno— Mrs.' VE;?. L. - Marshall,
Mrs. A. Hasselbaeh. - Santa : Cruz— Mrs. : J. : R.
I Rogers,' Charles Monroe. .Healdsburg—W.B.
Howell »nd wife. "Dlnuba— Rev. E. E. .Fir
• and wife. Ocean : Park— Mrs. ; V.' Craf ts. ~, Berke
ley — M. -- C. Flaherty, ~>Dr.* Jacques Loeb and
wife.' Mrs. ; B.x Weston. \ From njvemide— E .'S;
' Moulton and wife. %'Fronv Grass Valley — Mr«.
t W.vC. Parsons, 11 R.'.W.':Parsons.;;.From'lsle
' ton— E: D. Turner and .wife. Lem;Turnex,.'S^
j" Dickey and \ wlf e. : : -/ From Salina*— P .': B . s Lau
rltzen. sFrom Pasadena — T.'C.~ -8." Lowe.' From
I Hollli'ter— Miss- B.i Mitchell; -.T.S.vHawkun,
I G. R. ; Nlebctt.'* M*rced — Miss. Lola Whitlock,-
T.I C." " Law. ' Red ' Bluff— H. « B. > Crezo." -. Tuol
unine—-Mrs. '\u25a0'\u25a0 E. J;«; Oamplln." Miss
Mrs.'SG.- MT : Johnson,, Miss Wolft. • From^Galt
Mr». * W. v L. " Robinson. i. From^ Nana— E."i : R. -
Clifford. | From . Monterey— Mr.' and 5 Mrs. * Wil
liams." the 'Misses' Williams.. D,,- S.v Williams,
Miss •\u25a0\u25a0 Davis.* San - I>uie Oblspo — A. W ." ,Vash
\u25a0. ell. } From Fort ; Bragg — Dr.* P. ? C . " Jones/ From
j San ;Franclsco— H., i H."< Prlc«, -\u25a0{ Mrs. .; Henry
I Krtb», Mrs. . George ' B.* Miller,' J. ; M:; Sinclair,
H .• G . n Parish, James i Smith, W . T. J Welisch,
R." M.'iTripp, CTem/Armstrong.'.L.* 8." Gosllner,
F \u25a0 H. . Green.- Freeman D. Bovard. C. A. Batch- '
elor, - Mrs. -E.^ J.\ Brlen,; Mrs. Horace B: Sper
ryr-C.'Helwlr and wife, 'R,: W.^Banford; Miss'
Carrie Howlett. j Word " Qreen \ and wife/, j WH
liam Goegel, -H . . 8. , H«irline»«,vj.a k. ; Ooodrtl*
; j. «. Schoenfeld • and : wife. C. S.' '.-, Butterlck ' and
wife. tH:*» P.* Brown :- and ; wlfe^» 8. , B.* Mnore.'
Thomas \u25a0 B.'-' Rownden, m Miss I Elisabeth I Kohn,
!H.jH rißell,"-" J .* : B . * Hicks, .• Carl üB. t Flen, : B .
iA? i Norris. t R . ."": E." Renaud.'i Mrs. p R.- . E. n R - e
naud; R.» Q.Q .' v Newell, 1 1 . * Helnman, Paul;Wag
ener.. R .', D . . Maxwell and C. Livingstone.^ From
Oakland— Dr. H.. D: - Raynardiand ;' wife .j and
ehlld, '- John "A. : Beckwlth : and ", son;; Mrß-'D.^- W."
Kline, 1 " Mrs. D. c i M.v Fernon, X M. •\u25a0;. Searles t and
family, Clifton H. Kroll and ; wif«. From "! Ban
AT LAURELDELL: From San "Francisco—
8. Ryland - and wife, ? J.;;rE.' Culver, -Miss C.
Culver, John Culvfr. Mrs.'tJ. H. Littler. Miss
Leoneta Littler, H. S. Kll!en,"*Mlss E. Jepsen."
Jphn Carver and wlfe,.D. E. Porterwood," Mrs.
| S. Porterwood, Emma Porterwoo3, 'S.> J.'.Por
! terwood. D. Leftmann,'S. G. -WhtaianrMrs.'E;
: G. Lewis, M. D. Tulley.r N." Sargent. Mrs.
Dlxwell \u25a0 Hewitt. • Miss rEdlth 'Berry. An? e".o
Cnte.Llojd Baldwin. Kichard- C.r Harr.son,
Mrs. W. L. - Cook. W. 'LV ICook 'Jr., : W. Lei- \
pinker. Mrs. Ellen "Morrison. M." D. '» Tettlfti',
K. S. Plummer. D. G. Oroey and wife; Harry
Omey. Rose Omey, F. T. Powell,' Mrs. F. T.
Powell, " W. E. Lewis, Mrs. ; .... W. E.
Lewis, "J. S. Howard. Sam . Aronson. Frlm
Modesto— L. J. Leplej*. M. S. .Dillon ' Mrs. M.'
S. Dillon. From Los Angeles — T. B. .Wilds,
J. K. Cameron, Mrs. J. ; E. Cameron.- Miss E.
Cameron. From Berkeley — F..-E. . Farrlngton,
Mrs. F. E. Farrinarton,'- Robert ,- Dupouey,
Joseph S. Berryman. Mrs. Joseph S.Berryman.
From Bakersfleld— J. H. O'Reilly. Mrs. J. H.
O'Ueilly. From Napa — Mlas» Lian- Sweet,- Mrs.
C. O. Ryder. M.': Parker and party. -From
Sonctna — Mrs. HoUr Miss .D.- Burton. . From
I^ike \u25a0 County— Mrs. William B.- Collier. Miss
Sarah Collier, Miss L. Collier, R. S. Rodman.
From Chicago — O. H. ; Schous. F. Cameron,"
O»< rge J. il-ird. Mrs. K. Vi.ling. From Al
bany—AbbJeE. Webster, G." E. Tourno. Mrs.-
G. E. \u25a0 ToUrno. From San Rafael — Miss Julia
Haley," Mies Mnry Collins. \u25a0 " .
AT SEIGLER HOT SPRINGS: From Son
Francisco — Miss Rose Armstrong,* Sergeant
William Armstrong, OH. Miller, H. H. Elliott.
Arthur .Corlett, J. S. Doran," E. : S. . Burdick.
Leon : Cavasso, George B: UcClellan and wife,'
Leslie Tracey, Edward Parker, Ben: L. Tarbox,
J. H. Smith. Henry Menlnger.. Miss Daisy
Tully. MlsbiM. R. Minahan, Miss, G. Abel. J.
C. ; Morrison, Mists Katherine Baxter. Miss Lot
tie Spies. Byron Jackson. and wife, Byron Jack*
eon Jr.; James 8.- McMahon, J.- D. Richardson, -
James P.' Skelly, J. T.* Hamilton,' Dave Crowley
and. wife,; P. F. Slattery. Miss Sarah, Moffatt.
H.'.A. Henderson, Mlbs Rosa Goodman, Oscar
Goodman and wife; R. .W.'Cudworth, wife and
child; Mrs. Charles M. Haley. Vvllliam : Red
stone and ' -wife.. Gus ". Kllborn •- and-- wife, .
Leslie . Kilborn. Miss Ethel Kilborn. .
Mrs". J. Browning,. - James - \u25a0 McGowan
and. wife,.. Silvio Rocca, , Miss Lizzie
Macdonald, • L. ; V. "Terkelsen ' and .wile, Marga
rtt M. Seeley. F. W. Quinn. Miss M. Gleesou,
Miss G nice MUIe, R.-F. • Graham ' anfl ' wife.' F.
P. McCann and wife. Miss Elizabeth Douglass,
Charles F. Gibson," A. A. Button, Jack Fltzpat-'
rick, M. J. Mcßrearty. Miss Jule Conway, J. G. ;
Chesley and wife. From Oakland — CH. Mil
ler, Miss L: Spies, Misa Agnes Brennan, Lloyd
Stoning. Dr.' F. P. Lemery, 1. L. Cavatsj and
wife, • W. *"; L. Watson . and • wife, fS L.
J. . Teslo and wife, A. E. Johnstone,'
Jack Toomey/ From .Valiejo — James Powers, •
Mrs. William English, J. H. Smith, Miss J.
English. From San Rafael— Jarr.e^ Hayden and
vriie; Edward A. Hayden, * Robert Hayden,
Henry Haydon, Miss Ada' Emery. From Napa
— P. M. Eberhardt, Mrs. F. Martin, Margaret
Rlordan. • From' San Leanaro— Miss A.' L. Don
ovan/ .-'\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0• \u25a0 \u25a0 ••'\u25a0\u25a0/\u25a0- '\u25a0'•-\u25a0\u25a0 ' : :• \u25a0 -..-\u25a0.
wife. From Lindsay — I*. S. White. From.SUn
baugh — Mrs.-J. W. SchmHz. ' From Belmont-^-
Hall C: Ross/ lTrom: Salinas — H.vF. /Martin.'.
From I'asadena — Mrs. »:..Theu. Coleman,*-/ Alice
Colen&ii. " From Casa : Delmaa — D.: M. . Delmas.
From Madera— Mrs. J. U. Watklns, Jack Wal
king. From Healdsburg— J. H. Hathews and
wife. From' Bakersfleld — C. \u25a0 Brower." From
Bethany — I. i E.\ Nelson, Miss : Nelson. From
Hollywood— Mr. and Mrs. K. C.'BelviUe. From
Fresno— A. ' Brocker and wife: From '- Rowar
dennan — W. G. Dodge. \u25a0' From Alameda — Q.V .
Delonne.' From Eden Valley — Mrs. :B. C A. '
Hayes, Mlbs Sibyl Hayes, >' Mise Lyetta* Hayes,
Miss FhylHr Hayes. Master Loy.Br Hayes, Miss
Alice North. From Sonora— F. W. Stroet ami
wife, H. M.\ Street, v *
i AT . ADAMS SPRINGS : ' From San Fran
cisco—Miss Helen Gunderson, Jeremiah -\u25a0\u25a0 V.
Coffee" - John" Peters, H. O'Connoll, F. ' \V.
Humphreys, J. V.' Coffee., John. Murphy/ Julia
Crowley, Mary E. Crowley, . James , F. 1 Crowley,
Henry Pelz, J. Mullen, F. J. Malley, H. \u25a0H.
Ellis, E. \u25a0 Baker, :>: B. I* Tarbox,' mM.
Klein, George Suhr and wife, George W.Piner..
Jr.,.- Mre. : Heltmann, ' Elsie ; ••-\u25a0 Heitmann, .
Joseph Melody, • ' Mrs. - : \u25a0\u25a0->• M. '\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 "\u25a0: B."- Dele
piane., Mrs. i Hettie , Cronln, Mrs. .William;
Zehfus, Miss Sarah Gleaeon;' Miss ; Lena. Ban-;
i tel, Henry Dirkes, T. C. MarUn, G.,F.>L;hrke.
M. Gibney. J. F. Gildea, H. J.Shaw. Phlli>
Bamsworth, F.V G/ Walllg. •? M-. L. Ward, \u25a0 Mar- •
' garet Bruno,- r», Boro,. Master L." McDonald, 1 *
Mrs. M. -K. . Mcchan, A. ' H. . Moff ett ana
wife, - Mts. ' Sarah Mofiett. 'From Vallejo—
George Herbert and :wife, T,' V.- Collins, J.-. J.
McDonald, ). P. -Scully, H., Henderson,", Mrs.
i Ratio. Mr. Ratio. Miss Ratio, G. J..AVUs»n,
, George F.. Harris, J. Dekanis.'- From lieike.i
ley— S. Fichell. From Oakland— E."* M- Caa
sasa, J. R Storm, 'W.'P; Wheeler. FromVa-
caville — D. J. • Parmalee. W. P. < Tuylest; Mrs.'
' Tuylest. \u25a0 From Concord — F. /.Perry.- ' -From'
Los Angeles— rCaptain J. ,W. ./ Marrell. "H.
Chandler, W. K. Wood, Andy Ingram. P. C;
Dunlap. J. H. ; Dempsey. . W. D. Philip. From
Fresno — L. Levy, -Mrs. H. C. Han*en."From'
; Napa— J.- C. Smith and wife, J.
Misa S. Gerlach. Miss l: Gerlach, A. :Ven
Pelt. From .-San' Rafael — J. -. L. Morrison,.
George J. Mann, Mrs. P. J. .Riley.vp. Cohn;
Mr. and Mrs. Robert ; ; Dolan. Mrs. Wayne
; Smith, W. W. Forest, Charles Lawsxjn.". J. J.\
1 Barry, Mr. Morris, S. •G. Elliott. From Rich
mond — Mrs. -H. Fitzsimmons, A. ' C. j McGann.
From: Bakersfield-r-J. "W. "Jaynes and wife.
From Pleaeanton — William .' E. Detels.V: From'
Seattle — J. Muller. J., J. Goldman, George D.
Benett, Mr. and. Mrs. Stewart,' Mr.-. and .Mrs.
D. Evans, Mr. and • Mrs. Flynn \u25a0 and /'family,
George Dawson; 1 ' 1 Miss Nellie Saropaon," F.". M.
Kirk.- J. Slaltery, • Willie Slattery. S.B. Mor
gan. \u0084'. From Healdaburg — Miss i S May ' Elliott,
Mr. anl Mrs. Charles Pace, ' Miss Clara Schil
ling, Miss Margaret Sehaf er, ; R. I* Cameroa, r
Charles R." Dunham..^ . ; _\V- . : T,,;; . /' t
Though Exodus From Town Has Ceased
Those A^ay Still Linger.
MOUNTAIN AND SHORE
HOLD THE VISITORS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20,. 1905.
Helen Adelaide Sbarpe, . a widow, 60
years old and residing at 1212 Mission
Btreet, died at tier home last Thursday
of ptomaine . poisoning, supposed to
have been produced by eating shrimp
salad. Other members of, the family
partook of the same dish and were af
fected but slightly, but Mrs. Sharpe,
being in very delicate health, was un
able to withstand the poison.
m\u2666 » ,
Alabaster Is called from Alabastron,
a place In Egypt, where It was found in
great abundance.
Fatal DUb of Shrimp*.
21
Arrival of New Goods
A considerable part of the selections of New Fall Goods,
will be shown to-morrow for the first time, and will
include many of the most exquisite styles, col-
lected on two continents, from the fore-
most authorities on fashion.
-
Among the Departments exhibiting Extensive "
Fall Stocks are those devoted to
Suits, Waists and Skirts
Lingerie and Corsets Silks and Dress Goods
Laoes and Dress Trirnmi-ngs
Hosiery, Neckwear, Gloves. Belts
and other Accessories of Dress.
LADIES' SILK WAISTS
===== AT SPECIAL PRICES =====
A large number of High Grade Silk Waists of Taffetas and
Crepes, this season's cleverest models, some tucked and
shirred, others elaborately trimmed, in white, black and. colors
appropriate for street or. evening wear, imported to sell at
from $7.50 to $10.50, will *r aa r/\ frq rr\
be offered to-morrow at $ J*UU> 4>O*JU and $ /\u2666JU
HOUSEHOLD LINENS •
An Imnnrtatinn of
JT\ ki Alii L/v/i tU ClWi a V/* \u25a0 • -•
Scotch Damask Table Cloths and Napkins I
At the following very attractive prices :
TABLE ,DAMASK, all linen, full bleached, excellent designs:
66 inches wide, value $1.00 per yard at 85c
65 inches wide, value $1.15 per yard at $1.00
72 inches wide, value $1.40 per yard at $1.25
TABLE NAPKINS, full bleached, all linen, choice patterns :
Size 20x20, $ 1 .65 per dozen. Size 21x21, $2.25 per dozen.
HEMSTITCHED SHEETS, made of celebrated Utica Muslin :
72x90, 70c each; 81x99, 80c each; 90x90, 85c each
OAT T"^ /"\T!T* OTT T^O
SALE Or SILKS
Commencing Monday, August -2 ist, several thousand
yards of Fine Dress Silks will be offered at much less
than the usual prices. Among them are Silk Em-
broidered Pongees, in a variety of select designs,
Egyptian and Syra Gaza Silks, in plain colors, suita-
ble for street and evening gowns, >Silks imported to
sell at~s 1.007 $1.25 and $1.50, all marked at . . . . .
65c per yard.
LADIES' UNDERWEAR
Several styles of Imported, Swiss Ribbed Underwear "for'
Ladies, in which the assortment of sizes is broken, will
be offered to-morrow, at greatly reduced prices :
Ladies' Lisle Thread Vests, with fancy
crocheted yokes, white only ...85c, $1.00, $1.25
Ladies' Spun Silk Vests, with fancy
yokes, in white, pink and sky $1.00, $1.25, $1.50
Ladies' Wool Vests, in black and
natural color, with low neck and sleeveless 75c, $1.00
Ladies' Silk Plated Tights, reduced to $1.00 .
Ladies' Lisle Union Suits, reduced t0...... Tsc
FANCY SILK RIBBONS
A special purchase of Novelty Silk Ribbons, 5 and 6 inches /
wide, in Moire and Dresden designs, appropriate for Neck and
Waist Bows, also for Hat Trimming, usually sold for 60c and
70c, will be placed on sale at. 30c per yard
BATHIInG SUITS
For Ladies, Misses and Children
At Reduced Prices To-morrow
Mail Orders recetbe prompt and careful attention
NEWMAN & LEYINSON '§:
Kearny and S titter Streets
V^omcn V*V«M r r^W^ Women
\u25a0'-v.-v..- knitJting co. zi^^
UNDERWEAR
NECK WEAR r '-
Richelieu Ribbed Lisle in white . . . .' i2sc,
. Extra Pine Gauze 'Lisle Ribbed in white .sOc
Silk Lisle, i lace, yoke,' in - pink, white, sky .sOc
STOCKS :
Fancy i Silk iTab • Ends, all • colors, special -25c >
Fancy Silk, trimmed r in ; lace: also embroidery • •
Tailored Stocks in- Silks. : all c010r5. '. . . . . . .*. . .... ... ... •••••• •• s y?t
-' Extraordinarily pretty novelties iri niany new styles," patterns and^ y
":--' \u25a0\u25a0-':. ideas . ..............:..: ... . . . ... ... .;. . - . Tsc to 92.00
./> We invite^ your .inspection of this pretty line. •
HOSIERY
Gauze. Lisle. Hermsdorf black. : garter top; double-spliced heel and _"._
V;; ; toe.'. pair r.'.. . : . . ...... . . . . : . . . . . .: .'-.v.
Extra Fine- Gauze Lisle. s carter, top. in tan JJ>c
Silk" v Lisle, : black- and tan. ; double-spliced ;heel and toe." very «las-^
-r^ticV pair ......v ...v ...r%.;....^......"^-v..--.-v' > , -
We are also showine a fine.linejn fancy effects, plain lace, lace
with embroidered .anklets, and many styles .of hand-embroidered
-f pure silk: hose/ up t to '<p*> pair.
i6O?Geary St., F- o^n s^wr^v* io fen}
••••vjr d lI U v/JJwIJI 11 ££••••
fiiiiii Wn 111 1 <%tvle^i
50 French Unmade Robes
Lstcst Novelties • '•-/ i
In Laces, Neckwear, Handbags and Combs.
'--' r - • • >•• J : i^il» : Real Value,- '<£ * Off
2QQO yards Crepe de whine, $uo, $1.25
Ci^A WrII Dressed Face\
I Itrflrrti, flj C {J ae ot\
1 Toilet Powder D'Orlnnl
I rbe cxqui6lte quality of Tsllet \
a Powder D'Oriaa. tcifether. m
B with lv faint yet <3ellc!oo» I
B perfume, make It the Weal \.
v race dressing. It Is so finely %
*f prepared as to absolutely defy '\u25a0 \u25a0 ' B
n detection and so perfectly 41- -V' I
n vJOed that e»*ca perspiration 1
]r\ lea\«e 8 no trace. In white. I
fflf n»(=h and brunette tints. The I
J5 D'Orlan preparatlcse are tco I
M valuable to be {riven away as I
\u25a0f eaniplec. but free demon? tra- I
h t!oa« can be bad at the Em- I
iZ porlum, or Suite 408. Etarr "-.. I
fe, King bldg., or at aay lady*t \
v . faome on request. f
U Sold by all drueglfts. Jj
R O'ORLJUV CIB MTHE TUG OF WAR OR PEACE
A. J. Waterhouse
THE STORY OF SWEET SOPHY
FOR THE WOMEN
WHO WANT TO
REDUCE.
'-yHE Trans-Mississippi Congress has responded to the power and
i persuasion of public sentiment in its resolution demanding "a
comprehensive immigration law, framed to remove all "unrea
sonable restrictions, but to exclude all undesirable persons bf every
nation." That is a square deal for all nations. It puts them upon
a perfect equality. It will put a stop to one class of aliens comiHV
here. and immediately starting a clamor for the exclusion of another
class of aliens. All will be treated alike. .If /the demand l of tKe
congress had gone further and been made 'to cover the' right to de
port certain classes of all nationalities, it would ' have. been propciv
Our Federal courts are just now busy with; a gang of scoundrels*
who by perjury secured fraudulent naturalization papers in order
to enable them to get 1 licenses as ship pilots^ mates;; and ; masters,
positions by law reserved to; our own " citizens.^ These; criminals
should first be imprisoned and at- the : end of" their term "should 'be
deported, sent back to the country they came from, their hides
A SQUARE DEAL FOR ALL.
A NARCHISTIC philosophy in order to be perfectly consistent
l\ must needs discountenance bomb throwing, because to thrpw
\u25a0* V- bombs is to try to control men by terror. Elisee Reclus, the
great geographer and writer, whose recent death makes a gap.in
the intellectual world, was an ideal anarchist, in- the sense of thus
refusing to rule by bombs. He might be called a radical and ex
treme anarchist, but as a matter of personal preference and teach
ing of what true anarchy means he stopped short of .using the "in
fernal machine." He jumped over that item, and then went on
toward the extreme of ideal anarchy by refusing to disapprove of
bomb throwing if any one else did it. To some people that might
seem an inconsistent mental attitude ;^but,. instead of being contra
dictory, it is the very essence of anarcl^v According to that school
you have no business trying to prevent other people from doing
what they want to do, even though personally you dislike it.
Reclus is deemed by some to be the greatest of anarchists. . It
is claimed that , to him, more than any other single worker for the
cause, is due the origin and spread of the movement. Certainly in
scholarship he was of high place among them. "The Earth and
Man" was the broad science which he studied at the University of
Berlin under a master of it, Karl Ritter, -and the pupil later took
the masters place and filled it with much more cleverness. 'He
became the foremost man of the world in that study. His. immense
work, "The Universal Geography," made his reputation, • and the
same subject interested him until his final work at an advanced age
which he called by his favorite expression, "Earth and Man." He
possessed the somewhat rare combination of talents which made
his scientific works also literature! He could make what he knew
pleasantly readable, and put it into such language as would give his
works permanency. When the French Government put him in
prison he set to work to teach his fellow prisoners everything from
the alphabet to scientific geography. He disliked the thought, of
violence so much that all his life he was. a vegetarian; so that no
life might be killed for his sustenance.
One of the most clear-cut works for the cause, of anarchy was
his organizing the Internationale in Spain in 1868.- The Spanish
workmen have ever since been true to it, and for this reason have re
frained from forming a socialist party. He was not a theoretical an
archist merely, for he practiced what he preached by pairing off
his daughters with the partners whom they chose without the for
mality of marriage. '
It would appear that his philosophy of anarchy must be closely
allied with the philosophical and religious opinions of Tolstoi as to
complete denial of the right of human beings to control each other
by force. That there is so?ne strong and beautiful element of truth
in this Tolstoi idea of non-control and non-resistance we must 'ad
mit,, and to what. extent evolution is going to find it practical of
admission into civilization must be of more or less interest to all." \u25a0
ELISEE RECLUS.
Two notes of deep contrition r went between the two next day, -*'
And by a strange, coincidence they passed upon \u25a0 the way. . .
Sweet Sophy wrbterVTm; so ashamed!- I hope -you'll never tell. "-
Youns Abner wrote : "I much regret— but, then— how.'", could I— well,
You know yourself— l^might have known— here's all that I can do": -
I'll know who wears the; pants before «I beat my. next tattoo.". ;, '•".
The years speed. by;< ; those two to-day trot jointly up -life's hill,
And all the neighbor/gossips say sheweafs the trousers 1 still. -
She was the sister of my chum, a pretty girl and neat. •\u25a0
Her age was sixteen years or so, when girls are hard, to beat; .
She looked with longing envy on our little "cooriing" larks, v
As was sinfully apparent from her casual /remarks. '
"But, oh," she said. Vif I -were seen— oh, -no, I dare not go,
For I'd be caught as sure as fate, my . Skirts would hinder so!"
The logic brought to< bear on her I am not. here to tell /.,
But. in Ker brother's pantaloons she looked exceeding well. \u25a0
It pains me much .to. here, narrate that on that dismal night
Young Abner Thomson was on guard, and he: was not polite. ' '
He got his eye upon a boy— that is, he thought he did—
And when he caught that blessed boy— my tears will . not, be hid— —
Upon the attic of his pants he beat a wierd tattoo
That Sophy was within those .pants perhaps is plain to you.
She let out one distressing shriek that re'en the dead might hear;
And which of them was/scared* the most to me.was never clear. :
I CANNOT tell this little' tale :. without a sob of woe, \u25a0\u25a0. .- :
_^EPX_lhough__tlic^xc3.r.s-.li? vc passed" since then, the* weary, years and slow,
: Yef7jade<i fec&lhfc'tTo'n" halts and wipes its weeping eyes, .-•• :
Recalling that sad episode beneath the Eastern skies.-
We boys "cooned" watermelons then from Deacon Thomson's.field,
And melons sweet as those we "cooned" no later years "can yield.
But this is foreign to, my -tale, "which . \u25a0should Tnarrate. the sin, '„ ;
And also the sad episode that Sophy -figured- in. -
rj^HE Czar has been forced to yield, so far as to .form a pretense
I of popular government. It is a pale and elusive shadow.- fln
* stead of basing the rights of the people upon a 'constitution,
with courts to interpret it and a co-ordinate parliament, he. grants
to his subjects the privilege of electing a "consultative assembly.":
This body is to have the privilege of preliminary elaboration of
measures and examination of the budget. This seems to mean that
the assembly may propose and discuss laws, without the power, to
enact or make them effective, and may examine the budget, without
the power to amend it or to control the appropriation of the public
revenue to any purpose whatever.
The imperial decree leaves in. doubt the inclusion of some parts
of the empire in the scheme. The Grand Duchy, of Finland, al
ready robbed of its ancient rights by royal duplicity, is expressly
excluded from participation in the assembly in matters affecting
the whole empire. The empire, however, will continue to tax Fin
land for the benefit of the royal exchequer,; and to impress Finns
into the army to be slaughtered for the empire. The scheme leaves
the Russians still without a bill of rights, and "does not. at all limit the
autocracy of the Czar. The people are not sheltered' under a single
" "thou shalt not," to sta3' the arm of the Government./ There is no
Runnymede and no Magna Charta, no guarantee of freedom of con
science in religion, nor of personal action in secular matters,
j The elective institution formed by the Czar is evidently to con
sist of one house only, though the Czar calls it "the lower house."
Evidently he regards the Council of State as the upper house, and
as he dominates the Council he. is the upper house himself. This
single house feature robs the scheme of every parliamentary feature.
The Italian republics failed through having a single house parlia
ment. It had legislative and executive power, but was without the
necessary checks and balances imposed by a second house. Since
that experience it has come to be, a law in civics that a parliamentary
body, to be useful or permanent, must consist of two houses^chosen
by different methods and varying in tenure. But Nicholas was not
creating a parliament and so did not need to* study that subject.
The delegates to his Douma, or assembly, will be much in the same
position as our territorial delegates in the House of Representatives,
having the right of debate but not the right to vote.
Still it is a step. King John did not foresee the present govern
ment of the British empire by a committee of Parliament when he
surrendered to the Barons and gave them a voice in the govern
ment. The security of rights in Magna Charta was the gecm of
evolution. The Czar's scheme gives the people no rights except
the right to vote for delegates who have in turn the right to talk.
Yet in the far future freedom may issue from this inauspicious be
ginning. Whatever benefit it may be to the people they owe not
to the Czar but to Japan. The thick skin of the Romanoff pride
has been pierced by reverses- on land and sea, and by humiliations
the most distressing. At the same time the people rejoiced, for the
disasters were to the Grand Dukes and their fear of the autocracy
was less with every defeat in the East. It is probable that if the
peace conference had not been arranged, by this time the army
of Linevitch would have been wiped out and Nicholas would have
granted the substance instead of "the shadow of popular govern-
Having the Czar on the run it is probable that a little further"
revolutionary rushing may make him jettison some more institu
tions of greater value than what he has now thrown overboard.
Japan may justly claim in history the credit for whatever good
fellows this first evidence that the autocracy is aware that the Rus
sian people exist for any purpose except to be plundered by the
Grand Dukes.
THE FIRST STEP IN RUSSIA.
THE SAN FRAN CISGQ GALL
9OHX D. 6PRECKELS '.", »»« • • ..'.Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIOIfS TO . . \u25a0 \-'
SOUS McNAUGHT '. . . \u25a0 \u2666».... • .Manager
PUBLJCATIOX OFFICE THIRD AKP MARKET BTRSBTS, BAX FRANCISCO
SUNDAY ....;... r1.... AUGUST ;>0,M905
pTownsend's California Glace Fruits, in
artistic fire-etched boxes.* New store now
open. 767 Market street. •-.
: A. C. S.. City. An In
dividual -seeking a position as libra
rian : must • undergo '? an examination as
to qualification' f or^the position. ~Appll£
cation, should .be made to .the librarian ,!f
In ; charge.'j and t the \ applicant be *
advised as to time and place for exam!
natlonlteMK; - / dBUfIHIM
; MONET ADVANCED — J. C-. Madera.
Cal.-'lJt a firm advances one of, its em
ployes a. small amount of money.^or
pays a bill for him .with his consent.
Before the, regular payday," the firm has
a right to repay. Itself out of the money
due . to ; the employer.
SCOIN QUESTIONS— V. T.. Now Hope.
Cal.,'and a dozen: other correspondents.
This department does not answer ques-'
tlons as to^the value' of coins except by
mall.' and only when -a self -addressed'
and stamped \u25a0 envelope accompanies the
question.,
i. COPT OF PAPER— X. S.; City, 'if a
person goes to the office of the County
Clerk and asks for a copy of naturali
zation papers he must pay the fee fixed
by = law v for such copy.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
\u25a0 Mrs. ; Gunbusta came rushing Into, the
room^breathlessly.
//Throwing her fur auto^coat careless-";
ly \u25a0 on a divan and laying ; her^grim gog
gles on, thei Aeolian, : she : gasped— - ;\u25a0
I' i.VOh, Fred.il-boughta handsome ma-
I chine'this morning for Qnly $375." \u25a0
j I '^Bully T f oiv you !'\u25a0',; shouted ,-j Gunbusta,
1 joyously/; laying. down\the; Mo tor Maga
[' zlnefihe ghad * been /busily engaged in.
readlngiwhen i his ; wlf c"entered.%e "entered. % "
.' "But,"- she'stammered/i'inTmyranxlety,
to*; htirryv home . in; it "and ' tell' you , of
wonderful I' l ; was horribly *" ar-;
rested several; times^for/exceedihgJthe
speed HmitTand ; it cost \ me } $300 for; fine
and" _"2Z I.' / .'\u25a0'•<'' '\u25a0 " : -S^^ij^i^Bpß|ilSWH]{|B
: /"Never mind that.'jdearest;- it's v cheap
even at- those' flgtires.'V : "}">\u25a0. '• '. ; '_; 1 ?
" And/ thenrl, had' to) pay j $200 'to mer"-'
chants^ for" goods'? of \u25a0 I -Tan
I into and ruined.'and"— : f^-.?, : :*
• -^ ''What? of 7 It ?"; interrupted , Gunbusta.
!;"Eight ,and;'.seventy-five dol-'
larsfis"cheap'for{a good^maV— — ,
wji'And^er^and •I , gave : ssoo; to • people
I':I ': had i-run "j down \u25a0; and whoi /threatened :
; lawsuits, fand r fallibecause;li was idesir^
bus 'of , hurrying : home to tell .you of i my,
Iwohderfulijbarg'^^^^ I"i i V ' ;J*. -^3
i;f^But "jbef ore Mrs." ? had / co'm
rpletedithel sen tence r her^ husband i rushed \
,' into |they back? yard Z and \ tried i to^ruti";
over) himself rwithjhlsfautomobile.".*^':
: - Special iihforma tlonj supplied * daily /to
business . houses 'and'p'ubllclmeri" by; the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042." • :
RACE suicide i would ; surely -never be a menace: to? the -nation if:
.r;-the;instinctiye;.affectioiri almost universally ; displayed. by Httle
girls for: their dolls were not, by later education. and example,
thwarted of its>riatural;ev6lution into tHe;niature desire^ for' a- child j
to love-and:tend,and cherishr /What Van admirable " proof SanVFran- i
cisco got of; the strength of ; that affection^ out of thei fire ; on Bayi!
street Sunday) morning/ : when7a[little^giH-.was;'aslda^
rescue : of herdolljfrom Uhe ; flarries' as a grown mother could be for"
the saving of her) living child. -;;•;< " -'-" = '. '
Aged/ eighth-think: of >that. / The room where her endangered
treasure ;lay^ was hot as an oven-^and ; already :"ithe\"curtainV.wefei.blaz-'
ing, but the tiny play-at-mother ; thought, V "Oh, ;she will:
be ; all burned; up !": and Vuncler^he.urge • of c that thought' she ; left Her
placeiof -safety; in < 'the/- street and j stumbled back through blinding
smoke arid what to her unco
some ; potential darling fofithcjfutur^
singed *by^ the heat, and she' was "all ; exhausted , when" she breached '
the/street.''- : -.:'\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0';-.- [}: \u25a0•. .: / /' : " '- . \u25a0;-- -\u25a0;\u25a0;:/\u25a0•;.\u25a0/\u25a0 ; ,
To'-recite the heroic, act is -to make emotion : surge:- -The :;; play- ;
Vthing, was to iherHhe^odrgivenVinstrumerit; though/but'a'seerriing
toy, to develop the' mother.emot^nis;^
she. learned/ her; lesson: ; /The v sensitive strings^ are Tall
for the music that real niotherhood^wiiK^
will now: be \ play ing, at jlioldirig) in arms ? Her pet, made!
superlatively {deary: and doubly hers, by the; energy *of:hcr.- own \u25a0cowr-'
age; arid = grown ' folks/ in :tHe? play:. at^east.'pffafpassingVthpu'gHt^may''
take oft their hats to, the little woman. « • " • :
THE MOTHER INSTINCT.
THEIR BARGAIN.
A man who had been hired by a close
fisted farmer, who believed In burning
the candle at both ends, was called tho
first morning at . 3 o'clock. About 15
minutes later be came downstairs with
his bag In his hand. "Ain't you goin"
to work?" asked the farmer In surprise.
"No," was the answer: Tm goin* to
bunt up some place to stay all night."
WANTED SOME SLEEP.
. : When rWilliam Jennings Bryan, twice
Democratic nominee for the Presidency
of ,the. United States,', appeared at the
Chetek (Wls.) Chautauqua :/: /a r year ago
he was entertained at the summer cot
tage .of Eau* Claire's ex-Mayor, W. H.
Frawley. ? , The .day was stifling hot.
Mr. . Bryan : had just . completed a twor
hour talk and; finished shaking hands
with several- thousand people. rPerspir-
ationj poured 'down 1 his face. - His collar
was ; wilted ' and his clothing : clung to
him ! v as' *wet';as "though" he had : been
soused : In -the' lake. .He '.was rowing
over to the Frawley/cottage.' /Arriving
there : , the : great j Nebraskan said "_ to '• his
host and\friend:
"Bill, Iwouldlike to change my un
dershirt.*- .'. J -'.\u25a0 • \u25a0 .
He-was ; ushered . into_:. the guest's
chamber, .where 'the, change was made.
Mr.^Frawley^ took" the /damp garment
just '\ discarded ; by. .;the orator, to the
kitchen, where he hung It on the steel
towel "rod; which" .projects "from the
range. ; •. . '» • .
• -:. prominent ladies present
assisted the 'hostess y to prepare .'the
s,umptuous; dinner, ' already.. -a' trifle late.
-'\u25a0\u25a0; "The I potatoes •' are ". "done!" said . 'one
lady,'; poking a \u25a0 fork ' into the ' Murphies
in' the^rfot. 1 . / - "
/."I'll ,. drain ; them," j said Mrs. Frawley. :
; The regular .'draining - utensil had not
been , brought I into";campl" , " *
."V'Take'a.teaHowel!"; said- one.
;.? The ). hostess 'grabbed " In '-. the "general
direction of > the steel tower rod pro-"
jecting from the range •'J]&Btmßmß&
Something .white and soft fcame. :
Another; grab[and:thejpot of potatoes
was on.the way to'the r .back-door.»
In a ; minute s . the :^ potatoes .;. were
drained as' potatoes; were never drained
before^y^fgffS^ggjte^fflggpgMpHsMttß
V;- The . just" completed, Mrs.
Frawley's!eye:caught:for the first time
am unfamiliar] ired j marJc.
v r vVOh^oh!-oh!ishe*;cried.r
: The pother jf ladies": rushed vto « her. as
sistance", fearing; she K - had scalded* heT
seit;:."-\u25a0".";-'.^ ""..\u25a0.'\u25a0.\u25a0' \.'. "..-.' ; , s ' ; -, ' \u25a0 ' \u25a0,;
> j "What's.;- the - : matter? What's the
matter I"^ they / asked. C>; : .-:
'.^Oh! ij girls. I've drained the* potatoes
In ;> Bryan's', shirt !". "\u25a0* said the hostess/
ready Hot collapse.'^p^H9®BßHßmß|
; j' And : sure" enough she ' had !— Philadel-'
phia'Recbrd.^^^MßßH ' '-' '
striped by their, convict clothes. It is estimated by ;the Secret Serv
ice of the Government ...that there are in the. country ;'\u25a0 100,060 aliens
who are votitigVfon fraudulent naturalization- papers/: Punishment
first and; deportation afterward should be visited, on- them as soon
as they(can be caught .No greater affront can be- offered 'a 'country
than abuse of its citizenship by criminal Every vote
cast under fraudulent papers kills the vote of a lawful citizen/ which
is equivalent 'to^depriving him of his' civil: birthright ; . ; •
Reform; in our ; immigration laws should' r be supplemented by
reform in Our naturalization la wsi > The probation should be 'longer
and the qualifications 1 higher than atipresent. Ttie'conditions should
be made so .hard that; when: an alien succeeds in; becbrning; a citizen
of this republic he will feel that something has been, dohe^to/him^ :
BRYAN'S SHIRT.
"My father was a personal friend of
Stuart Robson. the veteran comedian,
now dead, and was fond of tolling anec
dotes of the man : whom he considered
the greatest actor on the American
stage," said Louis G. Hammel to the
Milwaukee Sentinel. "According to one
of them. Robson once sent a check for
$100 as a wedding present' to a friend
who was to enter the hymeneal state.
His theatrical engagements precluded
his : personal attendance at the cere
mony, to which he sent his daughter
as a representative of the family.
"My. father was conversing with Rob
son when the daughter came home from
; the wedding, about which Robson asked
many questions."
."."When your friend saw your check."
said the daughter, 'he was so overcome
with emotion that he cried.'
' " 'So he cried; did * her said Robson.
'How long did he weepr
-" 'Otu about a minute,' said the girl.
"'Only a minute.' shoutad the come
dian,-with that curious squeak in his
vole© J" that made him famous in the
character of Bertie the . Lamb, I
cried half an hour ' after I signed the
thing!' "
L. ISTENV all ye fat women, and take
hope. .'Amelia Summerville. who
weighed 248 pounds .when she ap
peared : as- -the .Merry Little Moun
tain Maid,.and + who Is now Weof'the
prize, beauties : in : "The Earl and the
Girl," 'has been . telling 'how' sheVdid' it.
And this is how: .-..•'\u25a0 :
"For the; fat woman ' to \u25a0' lose . weight
requires the most heroic measures: Sit- ]
ting , down and talking about It will
never do a bit of good. <
' "Worry may' take off a" few pounds,
but it will' bring plenty, of wrinkles.
Diet and exercise alone 'will do the
work. . \u25a0 \u25a0 -\ -
"""I snun \u25a0 much-advertised obesity
cures. . Unless one has then, thoroughly
analyzed : and knows] exactly what Is
in them ;I : sincerely recommend that
they- be 'let alone. . - "
"By diet I do<not mean starvation... I I
mean simply, the elimination of fat-pro- j
ducing foods.
\u25a0 -"Fat is simply over-nourishment. .
: '.'When I say exercise I >"do not mean
to wear yourself." out." by .violent ex
ercise. -That makes muscle, and muscle
is never attractive 'for a -woman. \u25a0
"Walking will ? do* more to aid a"wom
an in getting rid of her,^ surplus fat
than any other one thing/,." '
"My daily walk, has become a necessity.
The "day is incomplete without it.-, ' . '
':\u25a0-'-. "My meals are simple, but sufficient..'.
"For\ breakfast [ l haye • fruit, ' coffee and
dry toast, with a little butter. ,1 seldom
eat luncheon and never anything - more I
hearty than some tea and :\u25a0 toast' or.: a
salad. . . .. - . . . -\u25a0. -
."For dinner I forego soups, rich sauces,
potatoes, creamed j vegetables and j sweets. ;
"Instead I eat T k : piece of steak -or roast
beef : : or ' lamb' or -mutton or ."chops, some '
vegetable which is not fattening, and a
salad.)'
"Green 1 vegetables', are splendid things
to* eat and the drinking of hot tea" Is'help
ful in the, reduction. Milk,": cream, butter
and sugar /are not to be ; thought \u25a0\u25a0 of.
"Neither can iaiwoman indulge " in \u25a0 ales,
beer or wine and hope to r, lose; -:' flesh.
Plenty : of | sour lemonade is excellent -for
hereto drink, even better than' plain
-water.-' , ,-':\u25a0'\u25a0"\u25a0' - '-,' >\u25a0: '.\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0- - V-
I "I think' breakfast is the most. fattening
meal of ; ttie^day.V The woman iwho . per
sißts ;in ; eating /, a; heavy : breakfast V will
never. reduce her weight. \u25a0 V* .% : '
- "And no one can lose .weight in a" day or
a week "or a , month. ..Patience and \ perlst
crice; are necessary, and it may be a long
timel before^' all your ; heroism begins 'I to
show". results. . - '" \u25a0 ,1 »•.- ' . ' . "„ _ '.
; : '/However,'- don't get- discouraged, and
don'tVstop* trying ', for }& f minute. -In the
end :- you , will achieve > your/ ambition."—
New York Press.^",:/.
THERE once, lived a girl who was a
great -theorist. - She .had theories
on housekeeping, diet, education,
dress and love, which she took great
delight In; expounding to.hex family and
friends. ... . -^ -. :
Now, it so happened that, during a
sojourn in a distant city, she met a very
nice young - man who became enamored
of her and whose affection she was In
clined to return. But: as she had a pet
theory concerning' engagements, she
withhold ra-^deflnite answer -to his - en
treaties ' that she : become his wife, and
said: ';-,"\u25a0 . .
"Although I love you, I. cannot answer
you in the affirmative until your affection
for me- has undergone a test. From
what you have told me of yourself- you
have associated but little with girls.
How. then,' can you be sure that your
love, for me - will endure ? Therefore,
leave \u25a0 me ; for -one month, during, which
time no' communication ; shall pass be
tween us: associate with - other . girls as
much as possible and 'if ; at the end of
that timeiyour. heart is still true to me
I shall become j yours for all time.'.'
, .The young man. protested, and pleaded
with all -the ardor of love, but the
theorist remained firm .In. her decision.
Finally ;the lover, bade her a reluctant
adieu, and was off to. keep the compact.
The weeks .went by and the end. of
the month came. The ; theorist, who Dy
thlsv time, it must be confessed, bad
become .exceedingly lonesome- for, the
nlce.young. man, attired herself In her
most becoming; frock and awaited with
fluttering, heart his coming.
.; -A bounding step- was 'heard >on the
porch. The theorist sprang to the door.
A messenger boy handed : her a tele
gram. It-read:
.."Test successful. Am engaged. Girl
said 'yes»' at once. .Has no 'theories."
. Moral— -A bird ln^nahd^oftein flies out
of. the window.— Blanche Goodman In
Smart Set. ' i|§Sl3BS£§
FABLE OF GIRL
WHO WAS A
THEORIST.
ROBSON'S CHECK.
{{ |-*v n> It ever .occur to you." asked
I 1 the educated , barber, "how
*"— . much a man who stands In a
tonsorlal establishment all day may
learn? Now in this neighborhood there
come here regularly gentlemen of re
finement and culture. We cater to no
other class. It keeps me busy reading
to have enough topics on hand to talk
about.' The barber is not responsible
for all the conversation in the shop.
As a matter of fact, he does not start
the conversation in most cases. No.
Blr; I would not presume to engage a
gentleman in conversation unless he
first began it. The up-to-date barber
must know all about the last Interest
ing murder case, and when a customer
says, 'Now what do you think of that—
do you think the tall man with the red
beard or the short man With the black
mustache did the shootingr the lather
artist must be able to give a quick and
Intelligent answer.
The operator at the next chair to m«
had an embarrassing experience just
now. One of our beat customer* came
in, and It waa evident to me that he
felt very strongly about revelations
concerning society persons being black
mailed. My associate. I saw at a glance,
waa not in touch with the situation.
I gave him a signal to say yes and he
could make no mistake. So he started
up assenting vigorously, saying that it
was a shame and that the rascals
should be brought to justice. He did It
very well, and after we were alone I
heartily congratulated him on his ex
ploit, at the same time putting him
en rapport with the situation. The
gentleman who just went out knows all
.about automobiles, and the way I have
been studying the inside of those ve
hicles required mental effort. It pays,
too. for I go to shave him at his house,
and a barber who can talk discerningly
; about carburetors and spark plugs and
such things is vajuable as a conver
sational aid — and gets a liberal tip.
"Yes, sir, the modern barber is all
things. to all men.. Every customer has
something which he likes to talk about
and he starts up the topic often to let
loose his enthusiasm or to express his
Indignation. If the San Franciscos
have lost and he feels that the situa
tion with regard to the pennant is dis
graceful, the baseball enthusiast finds
in the barber an intelligent and appre
ciative listener to opinions about um
pires and managers and Ice wagons and
bunches of errors. 1
"One of the favorite topics of conversa
tion which engages the attention of the
regular customer Is the nationality of his
barber. For that reason I always keep
posted on everything pertaining to Italy,
for although I was not born there I am so
Italian in my appearance that the gentle
men think that I only recently landed. I
am well versed now in Roman history, the
beauties of Florence and the Italian
school of music. That answers very well
for at least three customers.' one an
Italian banker, another an architect and
the third a* German professor of music
who Is often pleased to tell how Wagner
excftls • anything In the way of Italian
opera ever produced.
"That young man who Just went out i»
connected with a- neighboring dancing
academy. It U fortunate that X saved
that dipping about the new waltzes..
Anticipating that he would be In soon I
read It with great car a. I think It shotild
b« good for a shampoo, a facial massage
and a ten cent application at tttt newest
hair jtonla, :liZ*C, -J ~ - : ...Jv- • " :v
"Barbers are good . conversationalists
because they have the pleasure of meet
ing so many men of education and cul
ture. . Every man has . som* subject In
which be U specially well Informed, and
be is always glad to enlighten th» barber.
In that way, sir, this upholstered chair
becomes a college, and the lather Is a dis
sertation and. the pass of * rasor may In
itself comprehend a , learned thesis. The
humble . shop becomes \u25a0 a university, a
haircut Is a eauserle and a shampoo, the
equivalent to a lecture at the Sorbonne.
I have taken a course In literature In that
I have shaved -William Dean Howells
many/ times, but X . am Interested In a
special branch of surgery also, for a dis
tinguished specialist always comes to my
chair. All men are glad, to talk to the
barber about the matters .uppermost In
their minds, so he not only learns, but is
able to pass along some of the ideas
which he acquires."
PHILOSOPHER
OF THE SHEARS
HAS HIS SAY
......... \u0084\u25a0..... ;\u25a0:-,.,.. .4-.v. 4 -.v > \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.-\u25a0 v .-~ >\u25a0 \u25a0.-.•\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 „\u25a0 i; - \u25a0 / -•\u25a0.\u25a0»\u25a0•.' -V •-\u0084\u25a0„•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•, 1 •• \u25a0 v .\u25a0\u25a0-
TIltS^N FRANCISCOvCAIX; SUNDAY, AUGUST m'IOtm:
22
-PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER.Some of the Persons and Places Noted th the New Booh, Which Are Reviewed f -j f ot "the Enlightenment of Call Readers.
BOOKS RECEIVED.
IHhis Book Should
Find an yi Readers
To the long,, long list of novels writ
ten by Mary E. Braddon, she has added
another called Rose of Life." This
means very close to half { a . century "of
literary activity. Her ; first distinct suc
cess, "Lady Audley's Secret," was/;ac
complished in 1862, and "The Trail, of the
Serpent" was done sometime before that.
One would think that her . Inspiration to
invent a ! story and her ,-. energy to spread
it upon pages would.be exhausted by the
continuous output arid the lapse of ytars
(sher was born in 1837), but .'in . 1903. she
wrote "The Conflict," : and In" 1904 "A
Lost Eden," and now,.iril?os/ there comes
this "Rose of \u25a0 Life," " apparently,
with unabated ' fluency.; : What she^ rrnans
by f-he tl Ue of 1 the rose of life ; she : does
not say, but ; It may; purport ' that ouri life
is a b< autif iit ; flower s given vs '; to tend \u25a0• in
this garden of the earth. '.'\u25a0. The: girl. who is
the chief : item of . this ] book ; was 1 about : to
throw her, life away, -.via.;' the ; drowning
sea;- because" it was not^ roseate. J : ;
"Oh, 1 child,"*, you,' would '.have; been hide
ous when \u25a0: they, found',; you~s*wollen and
bloated and purple; and; horrible!"
Sbdwas. of. a, fate V entitled,^ to . bur (
deepest, sympathies-^-a : godd^glrl;' born'
of a: disrerjutable % mother/ ; She - had ; evil
heredity-rand evil lenylronmentvtoTcon
tend \ against^'Her^ mother 1 ; was 1 named
Perdlta;- and » herj father, made ) nojeff ort
to save her from." the :rlsk of perdition
Mary E. Braddon '
Writes Another
Opie Read's new story, '"The Son df the
Swdfdmaker,";! la the 'life of a Roman
soldier ; told by. himself. ' The _ time was
theYreign-.6f Ithe (Emperor ; Tiberius, ; ' and
, the latter ' half- of i the tale' is about -Christ
as i this Roman soldier • kne-Tr \u25a0 him. V
Old Calo, - the l atht r/of • Eradmus, is th«
swordmaker.vand- Eradmus. is the.,; son.
Early^ in \u25a0• life ; Eradmus^ is fired Vwlthl the
desire ito become- a- soldier and? his wish
Is *' granted. one j. who ,:*had clever
faced | steel was of • great '&n& admiring 1 in*
, terest 5 tb";fu9, ! the 't young > legionaries.' •* No
distillation ; of the gods c&uld have seemed
more precious to]us;than' the blood of an
enemy." ;K\The .v young ; soldier : passes
through^ many ; handshlps and ; ; adventures.
.ThelcMef .i romance, of hls\ warrior T career
came Jwhen;- he't was " serving s In A Britain.'
Helstc^pturcdtby a (warlike British f rin
cess; who ! falls jln love with | hcTThandsorne
Roman \u25a0 captive. : v Her name is Vloden: She*
ia.: described? as favmagnltlcentVcreature,!
\ ''a.* maiden % tall ' and ? splericid, 1 ' slightly
"cla*d> f n^ lamb ? skins. .? She 1 was : ; of ' ffreat
courage i a»d -drove \ a.} chariot Into battle
with *f- her " people's ' enemies. • A ,- young
: Brltbri, vwhom \u25a0 ahe ; had ; selected as ''her
; husband' because' Of .his ; fepleridld manly
.beauty, 1 \ proved:, tlrnld *In • Vfar,' and . there
|fore^she;kllleuhlmV v ; '[\u25a0{ .\u25a0 \u25a0- r> -v-^-\
: ; At"<the']tlniei the .'story,, reaches; the f part
which/ tells*of c Christ %thel young r j Roman
Is I Inv command^Qf Vthe. soldiers j Who ; mock
"Jesus J af t er J his % trial j and . pu t * the '; crown
"of £ thorns^ upon 1 his ; He) also ; com-,
manded* the guardsjat j the i execution 'upon
,the cross:"?; It; Is 7 a~-bold:attempt\to imagine
how Hhe i Roman - soldlerJ felt : as ?a X witness
andfpartlclpantiin^^ those 'judgment-hall
and* Calvary I scenes. '^He * represents s'th,e'
soldier as \ sayfng , this : ';, "I .pressed I down
v up6n •- the "<*. thorns;? and *: he * looked fat >- me,'
Ind^iny: God^l ! neard:the ; groaning of Jmy
hearitlwithln ; ; me ! " : It *was . a/100k \ so ten-*
der3so;,fullTof "rorglveness.^that = 1 shut
niyleyes land (moved >back Jrrom * hlm,\but
still i I s saw I tnatjsof t j and | f orglvlng s look,'
arid 3 blood (coming I _up] about fat thorn.l and
somethinglwithln me \u25a0 Was ' almost i burst
ing. 1;,';.1 ;,';. "; - -' J • -\u25a0" •'"-• \u25a0'\u25a0 "
;: The story's explanation : of . Pilate's mo- ,
Opie Reed Writes: j
Of^ Ancient Rome
' .-Fresh from..the;'press, and very beau-
I tlful, Is the, little book Tof -, two hundred
! and . seven pages called , "In Bohemia,"
i written by James > Clarence Harvey , au
,thor.i and | after-dinner j speaker. "The com
bined of three/ good artists decorate
It— Mucha; \u25a0'; Outcault " and \u25a0 Sagerson. . Mu<
cha is I the | greatest? French poster artist?
He contributes the frontispiece and | some
title page V ornaments. v .The briefest? and
best description of \u25a0 the • whole 7 thing, ' tex
1 tual "and pictorial, is £td| Bay that It lia
Bohemian. V> There are- short : glimpses*' 'of
i various Bohemias :in 4 different • parts '•\u25a0 of
the '• world, \ 11 ttle : .poems, ; , stories, { and I a
fewV toastsf the 7 faces \ of ; some \ attractive
women,; the whole 'figures of some others;'
; dancers,', cuplds,^ kißsers, ' andrX-rays r in
1 Egypt under Athe revelation of whlch'the
' Sphinx islseenUo: Bmlle broadly'; because
of^the charms "of an beauty iposf
ing;there ! ; upon the * ; sands "as if , she' knew
rlhe"' Sphinx could' see. ' ' - . ,\ •' ' .'" :
_\u25a0 Because Bohemia is so indefinable it will
be interesting ;to note .how 'this 'clever; 80-'
hemian .partly.: detlnea \u25a0 it ~by • telling; soni«
of ; the things : which It ; Is, and ; some others
! which \.VC: is i not.V i: Betwixt; these ? two^de^
marcations; the h elusive; line - that^ circum
scribes .it; may X pirhaps'.bejas^closely j lo
cated -as any thing.' so ;free and' unconflned
as j Bohemia i will; allow „ its v limits 1 to*,be
fixed •bvideflners.';-: He ; says: :, . f
;,"•; ,"• Bohemia is not ' a place/ ••. it is an atmospher^".'
1 It : is^ ass- subtle \u25a0as j elcctricHy • and ' as i change- 1
able as \u25a0 a woman' s smile. ~ \u25a0It niay ; exist 1 at : the
banquets ; of the \ opulent; or jlt ? may ' flourish \u25a0. at
the : table . d'hote of -the ' comparatively . poverty
stricken, fOfwa; are only,' rich '.or poor by com
parison. •\u25a0;.;\u25a0- . \u25a0 V' 1 . \u25a0\u25a0..-\u25a0\u25a0:'.'. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.-;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ;\u25a0, -\u25a0*\u25a0'.;\u25a0
;;Tou h may ' find It » to-night \u25a0 wh^ra i corks - are
popping and j not . counted, • and ' to-morrow,* like
the -. smoke ! of ; yesterday' s • c:gar, ;. It ', han ' floated
away.;-.-,'; r '££y- : - \u0084\u25a0_:' -..-.. •^\u25a0{."- \u25a0 -j".-V...-" : I".X-> : -':;'"-^-^-^H
rtHe; speaks [of I those who '.'want :. to jbe
known \u25a0,\u25a0 as Bohemians, and the . eagerness
to ? be ; khown i defeats ? their- purpose.'.* > ;
$.? Bohemia' is •\u25a0: not >. ostentatious. - It \u25a0; Is ' uncon
\u25a0clous. Here and thero, little ißohemiasi Bohemias spring
\u25a0; Into I being, through p the I natural v: cohesion If of
, congenial c spirits, r. and v tho \u25a0:, uncor.sclousnees , ot
it all charms and dtlmulates. iw.->y - -.; ; r;^ -
••' Bohemia :' is & not;-, synonynious ';; with :\u25a0 license "
nor | lntoxicatJon^ nor \u25a0\u25a0 Immorality, :>but - It • learns
to look upon the foibles of fate and the powern
of: chance ; with. a: philosophic eye.";. : V '
JS;The | author [expects \u25a0 that here arid there
4- line'of a rhyme f will ; recall to \ the read
er j some! similar 'experience iwith v renewed
dellgljt; | andj he lwishes;to? radiate ja*few;
of I the * million \ atmospheres . in VaVremlnls- i
'centiway ."";•":>';\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0:.\u25a0- \u25a0/-:'' " '-:'.' '\u25a0[- /..']:. *''\;-- ;: : :-\
M One'/ of ;S the ..short!"sketches. •*. Is /called
J?the> Cashier Jat * Macarl's, "if and j tells } of
bowi heri face '•} Interested "3 one J of .| the"! f re
quenterslthere/SAccldentlyihe^ came ln
|to | possession of an • inexpensive ; brooch of
i her*. r; iThelglrl disappeared and t he'Tcduld
. .... .•.-.?>-\u25a0'\u25a0:••.• <;-.-.\u25a0• ••* \u25a0 : . !•.\u25a0"\u25a0;• :-',:->j*- •;.•:,.••.\u25a0>--..;=.»»• -'
"Zula." of which ' H. Esselstyn Undley
of La ton, California, is "the authoress. . ia
the \u25a0 story of a -gypsy girl ; who became ' a
novelist.; % The first glimpse -we get of
her she Is attemotlng to steal spoons.'
The lady of the house calls her a dread
ful, sinful little creature and she Is* ar
rested and sent to jail. Not. however,
before the son and daughter of the lady
had noticed, and taken pity on. the child
with the coal-blacky ey« and - the -little,
brown,- pilfering ; hands. : Scott and~ June
Wllmer were these two sympathizing
ones. " Because June was Insistent, - Scott
went to' the Judge next day and got the
dusky little ' beauty released. She , thanked
the young man and -said he was so kind
that she would *be willing to give her
life for him.
"'\u25a0• "Why do you think" you would give jour
life?" he asked. •. -
. V .'Cause It's true, and I hain't got anything
else to give." . * :
-,When 'the youth. Scott Wllmer, grew
IoV manhood, his mother's ambition to
have him. make a wealthy marriage re
sulted'in the : spoiling . of the j first half of
his life. ; That : happiness -blessed the lat
ter half, of it was due toZula. Shekept
her word. Indirectly. by giving her. life. to
him Instead of for him— which was much
better after all.\« *:.:' : V ,: . -
', The terrible, beatings the : little gypsy
gotlln 1 the camps of her bosses caused
her to run away,, and she was fortunate
enough : to - find \u25a0, shelter, - and later loving
help,* from a respectable family. So , she
had opportunity to come -to ithe "estate' of
,a ! well-brought-up womanhood, which
was hers by right of birth any way, for
she was a changeling and the ; old gypsy
; woman , who taught her •to steal was but
pretending "' to >be i her . mother.
;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.••\u25a0 A "part >. of the story '.\u25a0 relates the admir
able conduct of la true .man Sunder .'the
ordeal of - having . a 1 false " wife . abandon
him, ana \u25a0 later, return ; to' him. humiliated
and begging for: protection. He; gav*; her.
a 'home; but love and \u25a0 caresses never
again. When she r grew 'sick; he sent to
her" room the" choicest flowers . and ; ; the
\u25a0finest fruits. '..: and .the books he knew
she loved,*, but to her room he never
came. -'.The woman," who was a \ very,
handsome ; one^was , much i surprised , both
at" the "completeness jand Jthe incomplete
nesf of the f ore?iveness which { he gave."
\u25a0 (Broadway! Publishing Company, Ne"
York; n50.)::n 50.):: f
Ca lif6r n i a Worn a n
Tells Pretty Tale
that make the elusive promised be
come'the tangibly possessed.
\u25a0 Thomas was born In East Friesland in
1535. He emigrated to New York in 1845.
He played the violin well when he was
five years old. He perfected himself in
that, and then passed from the ambition
Of being master of a solo instrument to
that 6f being a player' upon the hun
dred players of a great orchestral choir.
In 1862 the big ambition came to devote
his energies to the- cultivation of the
public : taste in instrumental music. In
the long struggle to do this the convic
tion, came to him that he must have that
untrammeled orchestral home. -The-Chi
cago Orchestral Association gave It to
him. Through thirteen years' difficul
ties they struggled to establish the in
stitution. It was December before the
dedication concert took . place. . Eight
thousand subscribers, rich and poor, had
given (750,000. In less than a month from
the time of the dedication concert Theo
dore Thomas was dead. It was forty
two years' span from the inception of his
larger ambition and this consummation
of it in the Chicago Orchestra. It might
seem a cruel fate that thus let him labor
so long and with such admirably per
sistent faith, and then not let him live to
enjoy the accomplished task— but listen
to this last: .\u25a0-.-";.;-•.;. \u25a0- .-";.;- •.;
V The greatest orchestra leader of the
world, the passionate lover of sweet
sound, was slowly . , dying. He was sur
rounded by tenderest love, and the pub
lic and private prayers of the nation were
pleading "for him. He made ''liU*. 8 jokes
with the doctors and his sons, and talked
to his wife about their White Mountain
home, 'Felsengarten,' which was always
much in his thoughts." •_'\u25a0' • • He paused
awhile and then said to her in a dreamy,
almost ecstatic . voice, "I have had a
beautiful, vision— a beautiful vision," 'and
then drifted off into silence. His wife did
not know his spirit was so soon to go;
she thought he slept. She went down
stairs to a little 'chime of silver bells ,he
had given her a few days ' before '; for a
Christmas . present. She played a call
-which she found engraved upon a metal
piate above the bells, not knowing what
it was she was about to, play. Afterward
she" noticed that It;. was "Reveille"— the
soldier's signal to arise.
(A. C. McGlurg & Co., Chicago.)
: not return it to her.: He .kept it \as a
talisman, and success' attended
! hirri when T he"' had .it, near, ; and ' dlsap
; polntment came when ;it was : not with
him, he grew,:suporstitious."".'No-transac
tion "of Importance would^ he make unless
the little brooch 'was: ln..E«ach. of his
hand. Wonderful was the good luck It
brought him;. -Whehl at last he- came
across-the girl again, he offered to return
the trinket, but she put both hands be
hind her, saying:. '
. "And if it has proven such a blessing
to you, or even if it has only seemed
to do so, do "you think I coulcl take it
away?"; - ; X :
The ; artist gives a >picture of this
cashier :at \ Macari's ;.whose -power of con •
ferrlng tallsmanic potencies to* trifles gave
marvelous good, fortune her "admiref.
Here is just one flower : I gather for you
from this Bohemia: : . / .
\ :\u25a0 OVER THE HOSE. ,
The rose'lay soft In her two pink palms,
.• As red . as : th» ; lips above It. .\u25a0 .. .- - ..
And' the petals seemed to ask an alms, \u25a0
\u25a0- \u25a0As \u25a0 she leaned 'ta '\u25a0 kiss ' and \u25a0\u25a0 love . It.
It .. gave ' Us : fragrance ; ana : aeauty, ; too,
To the -lips that bent to press It, .-..' \u25ba
Its lite went out and its nour'wus- through.
When she cared not to caress it; ,'
It lay unnoticed,, a, .breathing Bpace,
A broken tning,' neglected,
And ; then, . ocpofs her . fair, \u25a0 young face
Regret ; was swift t cflected."
"I am so /orry." murmurcaeh*. .*- :,
\"Poor, Bhatiered. faded flower."
And on her, warm- heart, tenderly., -
.; It nestled \u25a0 for an hour. !:
(H. . M. Caldwell & Co., New York.
*l 25.) ; ; V.;: \u25a0 '.<>. ' . > ' . .;.;,-
t've in surreno'erlng Christ to death is
\u25a0given' in'thls frnerment of conversation he
had with Eradmust
As the Procurator came near me I said to
him: - '.'The man is innoctnt." :
. "Yea. of any charge whatsoever," Pilate res
pited, .';Tt'4t th<* J«Wa are mad and know not
the meaning. of justice*. Our force Is small."
"But valiant."-. I replied. 3 . ' y .
"True, but vn should be overpowered, and
the cau!# of Rome would suffer."
I realized - this, and was resolved to do my
duty.
In the close of the stor>' Eradmus be
comes r •Christian- and -Vloden cornea to
him to be his love from far-away Britain,
saying to him, "Your \u25a0 Master shall > be
mine.""
(Laird R: Lee, Chicago.— slso.)
wooed girl waits Belmont's , decision,
thinking, "He will not do anythingyun
kind; he > will' come - gravely gently
and look at me with sad, compassionate
eyes, and he will say, TJood-by.Helen.' "
. The two are married ;in j double ; igno
rance. • He does j not know - her . history,
but she thinks he kno-A-s. Lady Beau
mlnster'had planned this- : ' in v . hate. - She
tried to, tf 11 ; the : ugly story\ Immediately
after the marriage, i but : overcome by \u25a0 her
evil rjasslong she r ; became 111- and In
coherent and the secret could not be told.
Later the truth was revealed by .- accident
to Belmont, and out o£ ,that'the:authoress
makes the crux of her • story.i .; Hereupon,
will any reader; dare decide what should
be Belmont's ; conduct to : Helen after ithe
revelation? ,-' Surely, to him ; there would
come thronging thoughts jof | love senti
ment to her; of the stern non-sentiment of
heredlty;:pf race suicide,' and ofhls fam
ily, pride.". Mercifully 'for. the' strain on
their nerves Yiovelists do "not have to" de
cide, what ought to \ happen— they merely
relate what did hap Den. : ; •
Brentano'e, "New York, Union-square;
$i 50.); \u25a0 • ' _.>'•'•.• \u25a0
Bohemia Discussed
: In a Pretty Book
This man was Captain Belford. He
went to India and cured s his passion-in the
tire, of 'work 1 and .battle.": Returning many,
years" later," 1 grizzled j and \ weather, beaten,
but ; distinguished ** because £of j his t work
and % courage^ : Nora,^ now? the \ widow ;-; of
Lord" BeaumiristeVy tried* to] ,.wln< her' first
lover 'r back ! , to -* her I allegiance.'. -,T©o 3 late. :
He s saw \u25a0 HelenVatvLady- Beauminster's
house and loved her:. >.; '\u25a0/•}-"' .-';;. -•;;
~y Out I'of ";that ; comes"'. the ; stdry'sViriain
opportunity-*! for;' forceful^, telling. viThe"
grief ; and ; ; J6alousy\of 1 the disappointed
woman ; who "• hid \ hoped to revive * an .' old
romance . wltli \ the onl jr man < she • had lever
loved tempts herjrrto j a,^ reckless disregard
f or . the" happiness] of Helen 1 and I Belmont.
The \u25a0 young i girl ; responds ito !, the J officer's
love; ; but- Is • afraid ; toTaccept- him' because
of ; her - ; ugly ? past.* < $ She g cannot li muster
"courage ito •- tell ; him" of i her! motheT." ,?, Bhe
trusts ; Lady 4 Beau:rninster\; to do It, for) her;
A t Uhe~ ; Interviews arranged j f or> that i purr
pose ; Nora v tells \ nothing J but | that \ Helen
!is T aYpu're!girl'tof S humble] parentage.^ -The
Dearest: I have been \u25a0 worried :. Into ? this/
Forgive me : if; you can, and remember that the
girt you : knew at • St. : Mori tz was \u25a0 the t real wo
man, and that Lady . Beaumlnster ' will he as
artificial a product .as; any- wife; ln;Mayfalr.
\u25a0•\u25a0.:: \u25a0 \u25a0' :>\u25a0 -•-. \u25a0 :-; NORA:^v
The theme of thC story; bears, much
similarity to one used by MrB. Hum- <
phry Ward— a' girl with fine \u25a0;. blood in
her veins, born . of I a bad mother ami
spending a part of her [ young woman
hood amid grand environment as the
protege : of a woman v of wealth. .The
poet secures her. this place with a child
less widow. Helen; is not well' enough
educated to be a. governess; she .. Is-;
thought too much of to be made a ser- i
vant; they give her. the position of care
taker/ of the "lady's -dogs. ;. She : makes a*
delight; and. a duty 'of; that humble Job,
and much more came of her gentle and :
affectionate performance s of it than her \u25a0\u25a0'•
rather heartless mißtress anticipated.^-;]
: This woman .of .thirty .'thousand :
pounds "< at year, J a ; house \ In \u25a0» Mayf air,'; a :
cottage -on the Thames 1 and: ajvilla ; at
Beaulleu. Is " the ~ study of ; the ' book sec- i
ondary to Helen. 1 Life is no rose to her I
notwithstanding her -great possessions.
.We are led to ;• infer ; that *.' she -: did not •
tend the garden of* it -wisely* and', lov
ingly. , True,- she loved;* and loved ; ; ln*1
tensely, but It came too late. ;, When the
choice, was given ; her by 'fate she gave •
herself ' to '-.wdnlth \ ln , preference* to love. =\u25a0
Here Is the' letter in which she told,thifc
decision-:to the man she loved ; when it j
was too late: : \u25a0-- \u25a0""•. ' X,- ..'.-. \u25a0'» .:* •. \u0084.
If you knew how I - longed \u25a0 for \u25a0 death you
would haruiy | wonder | that 1 1 am not gratetui.
I should ba at peace, now if: there had been no
one there last night. . "
"At peace! And you would have lost that,"
bald Daniel, sinking into the .basket chair be
side : her. and ' indicating j the panorama of sea,
and shore \u25a0 with : a broad sweep > of . his - : large
white hand. "1"OU would, have forfeited nmn'x
heritage of Nature's loveliness. .-. Dear child,
our senses and our imaginations were created
to enjoy this delicious world; and not to enjoy
Is to blaspheme against the divine: spirit in
earthly thines." .\u25a0
there was in Perdita's entourage. His
identity was known only to her mother.
Being a well-born, man, it was
the fate of his daughter to inherit his
refinement without his vices; but up to
the time of the attempted suicide this
refinement had served, but to make her
feelings of shame keen, and her. discon
tent with her condition intolerable. She
was rescued from the-Bta'into'.'.wnich sfle'
had flung herself In despair; and. the
poet who saved her persuaded her to
try to start a new life with /the advan
tage of a new environment. , Her name
is Helen. The poet is Daniel Lester.";\u25a0
\u25a0 This poet Is a Colossus of a fellow,
big in physical bulk, in good nature, In
self-conceit, in love of existence and \u25a0In
appreciation of the work of the Creator
of the world.. He, bears the unconscious
girl to the cottage of his wife to ,be
nursed back to strength. When re
vived, she said slowly, as.= lf speech
were an effort:- ...
* D'Annunzio says that the art of life
; is his creed, and that moral law is lan
idol Inspired by ignorance; thus his
: characters seem to know art better than
• good. or evil. Speaking of religion one
; day,; he said: "I have everythlug but
faith." He has stated more than onco
' that man's love of God was but a blind
; deduction from . man's love for woman.
; To him therefore divine love Is woven
out of a mere fact of animal life.
Taking D'Annunzio as a whole, it is
; undoubtedly true that.no Italian writer
since Dante has -done such work for
Mi language. His native .tongue has
: been .the -: object ; of his ceaseless en
deavor,'.his daily study; he has elabor
ated. In vi^crated and* refreshed it, and
much of the terse dignity, of Latin has
been added by him ; to the florid grace
j of ; modern Italian. Here, then, is
place in Italian literature, a reorgaa-
I2e **>%MHHPHBMBO4MBMH
; : To him is due the evolution of an
Italian, style.v "We forgivelhlm his sins
of .oversight, for the exquisite fluidity
of hi 3 sense of expression.— Annetta Hali
; day-Antona, In The Critic.
— MUs Dromgoole, ' from th* Confederate
Veteran.
Her face 'is as black as ebon.
Wrinkled and seamed and old; !
But her heart, I know, la as white as snow.
And true as the rarest gold.
Her brown hands, old and feeble
With touch of the passing years, .
Would banish each trace of care from my fac«
-And brush from my heart the tears.
Mammy and friend. X loved her.
Humble and all tinf&med;
But ' I love to trace in her love tha fac»
That robber years have claimed.
Her. face is as black as ebon,
\u25a0Her soul as fair as the day; .
And her prayers, I know, wherever I go.
Will \u25a0\u25a0follow, me alt the way.
The Baker & Taylor Company has
in press 'The Appreciation of Pictures,"
a hew book by Russell Sturgls. in the
Popular Art Series, of which "How to
Judge Architecture* and "The Appreci
ation of Sculpture" -have already ap
peared. The book differs from Poore's
"Pictorial Composition and the Critical
Judgment of Pictures,". In the same se
ries, in that it treats of pictures criti
cally and historically rather than from*
the artist's point of view. Tht numer
ous illustrations are reproduction of
pictures In Mr. Sturgls' collection and
frdhv photographs of leading paintings
of the world. Mr. Sturgis is also pre
paring for Dodd, Mead & Co. a book on
"The Artist's Way of Working.** written
principally for the lover of art. and de
scribing the processes of the sculptor,
painter, architect and other so-called
artists in metal 'and other work. — New
York Times. '
CHATTERTON.
(Died August , 24. 1770.) \u25a0
What news in London? 'Way the papers tail.
. So matter fireat to-day of go<*i or' til,
Say« that the mall was robbed at HU'agata
Hill
By a tall man who sat a black horse well.
O City, robbed, unknowing what befell,
A youth has yielded up too light a breath
To one who rides on the black horse of Death.
And thou art robbed of more than thou canst
tell!
Thy stieeta are robbeVl of a reproachful face.
. A donuered room of dreams and visions wild.
Thy £6ors of hands that knocked at them in
vain. -
OffrißK thee what had brought you fame and
tain —
\u25a0 Even the untruthful fancies of a child.
Of which our atter-years nave seen the grace.
ISABELLA HOWE FISKK. '
Wellesley Farms. Mass.. August. 19i>3.
—From th* New York Times.
• • •
Unfortunately the time has not yet
come when a famous literary man can
be assured that be la not leaving his
i family unprovided for. , Bret Harte died
; in. poor ' circumstances and left his
daughter. Miss Ethel Bret Harte. quite
without means. After a hard struggle
for a livelihood on the stage and on
the concert platform her health > has
broken down. Happily a" committee
has been formed, headed by Georgd
Meredith, which aims at raising a fund
to permanently benefit Misa Bret Harte.
English readers as well as Americans
owe a debt to the departed author, and
they have heTe an opportunity of tes
tifying to their esteem for him. Sub
scriptions may be sent to the honorable
secretary of the Bret Harte Assistance
Fund, Dr. L. C. Alexander, Holly Lodge,
Upper Parkflelds, Putney, S. W. — Daily
News (London).
• •
Nathaniel Stephenson. writing in "The
World To-Day" of the art of Maurice
Hewlett, says: "The essential situation
of that book ("The Forest Lovers") is
worth stating in general terms: A man
loves a Kirl, but his. love Is egoistic and
preconceived: she loves him with all her
heart, but for his own sake she will not
let him love her falsely; she repudiates
that sort of love; thus a conflict arises in
the man's mind between his preconcep
tions of love and love Itself. The issue
is whether hg will put down the precon
ception, destroy the egoism and win a
\ moral victory over himself which shall lift
Kirn to the girl's level. This is a sort of
situation that is not frequent in recent
fiction. It sets Mr. Hewlett \u25a0 apart as a
man who thinks through his narrative.
We notice it in two things: First, he
recognizes that the. attraction of -woman
for man is a deeper and subtler thing than
a mere straight pull on his sensibilities;
second, that the test of a man is how.
when his preconceptions meet with fact,
he endures his ordeal."
LJTERARY NOTES
The present' Is the twenty-third edl-*
tion. It is now issued biennially about
the month of July in each odd num
bered year. On its title page we get
this quotation. from Milton:
• • • • • • . • to know
That which before us lie* In dally Uf« .
Is the prime wisdom; what Is more, is fume.
Or emptiness, or fond Impertinence:
And renders us, in things that most concern.
Unpraetls'd. onprTared. and still to *eek.
Nothing could be more apt than the
, two-line quotation which begins tho
! preface: "Knowledge 13 of two kinds:
"We know a subject ourselves or w©
know where we can find information
on it."
Were It not for that second kind of
knowledge probably some of the moat
learned .in . all trades and professions
, would • soon be lost in a maze of In
: accuracies and a confusion of half-for
! gotten data.; and per consequence their
' occupation wtmld be gone. To knfcvv
! "The Statistician and Economist" is to
have a very important part of that sec
; ond kind of knowledge. . Its office Is
"to condense and represent in conveni
ent form for reference the practical
facts of knowledge and science." v '
(L. P. ilcCarty. San Francisco; cloth.
$3 50; leather. $4 50.)
Although th« work fills two large
volumes, the actual autobiography is
little more than one hundred pages.
.The larger portion of the first volume
is taken up with reminiscences and ap
preciation by George P. Upton. These
are exceedingly good and very neces
sary, for Mr. Thomas is so modest and
•so brief that what he has written '• of
himself would not nearly suffice -us.
The i-econfi volume is entirely devoted
to his concert programmes. The men
tion of the word "programme**, is a re
minder of the Joyous way this great
orchestral leader exulted when he
reached that stage in his -successful
career when "the attraction was suffi
cient to lustlfy me for the first time in
my life in making programmes without
making allowance for ignorance or
prejudice.* The occasion .was when he
was familiarizing the public every
where with Wagner's music, in 1872-7 J.
He had in combination with his con
cert company the two •sreat instrumen
talists. Rubinstein and Weiniarlwski,
who were brought over to America by
Maurice Grau. "Programmes of works
of the highest standard, rendered by
i^cth artists and such an orchestra,
Hrere a revelation everywhere and
made a lasting impression. They gave
this country the great artistic impetus
for which it seemed at last to bo ripe."
The brief one hundred pages of au
tobiography are yet sufficient to^ give
us one of the great stories of American
history, the narration of a highly gift
ed man's right use of his , talents, a big
ambition patiently and strenuously per
sisted In for lifty years, till at last tha
aim of his life was achieved— and that
aim one of national importance and": in
fine arts high behoof. This with the
human touch of telling of the strain
of the difficulties, the alternation of
hope and despondency, and the moral of
it all — the method of how he did it,
and the inspiration that was behind the
doing, namely, a lofty purpose of serv
ing art for humanity's sake,/ "His
greatest pleasure was to render perfect
music perfectly." Hi s life's ambition
was to train the nation to appreciate
fine music. To do this he wished to es
tablish a permanently homed orches
tra, endowed and managed beyond the
chance of commercialism dominating
Its art. These dreams he made reali
ties. How he did it is stated- in his
own words, "by. perseverance, hard
*£ork and stern discipline." It Is the
old, old story^pf talents God-given but
Ptill the loy«w gift left suspended until i
the donee has acceptably accepted it
fcr rightly striving to develop the en
trusted powers into the effectiveness
/- JZ"^ I"**''*1 "**''** 1 conductor In the world ia Theo
"The Master of Music" is the title
given by Henry Van Dyke to his in
rncmoriam poem to the famous or
chestral conductor, Theodore Thomas,
who died suddenly on January 4 last,
a »d the account of whose life work,
called "Theodore Thomas. A Musical
Autobiography," is now published, not
only to the delight of music-lovers, but
to the pleasing of ail those readers who
like a biography of a man who achieves
something unusually worthy by un
usual persistence and energy.
In the poem Henry Van Dyke tells
us of how the power of architect,
painter and sculptor and bard lires
forever in temple and picture and
et&tue and song, and then reminds us
by contrast of how the works of the
»:naster of music vanish away, "the
works that he wrought in the air as
a palace of dream." but now goner-all
ffone. "like th« light on the cloud at
the close of the day." He tells of how
the billows of musical sound followed
nis will as the sea was ruled by the
prophet of old. but * now mute are the
shores where the mystical harmonies
rolled." After he has made us deeply
regret this transiency, he com«s to us
In the last stanza with the consolation
that the music has a permanency in
,the effect It wrought:
3s*aj\ but etni are the heart* that were filled
. w:ta that marvelous t*»:
Furer and deeper forerer tb« tides of their
being shall roll.
Bounding with echoes of Joy, and of thanks, O
Alacter. to th«e —
Music immorUJ endures in the depths of the
human soul.
Many great musicians we have had,
and Individuals have their great music
masters, but the- unique position
Thcm&s held made him the music mas
ter. In an especial sense, of the na
,tion — the instructor of the American
people collectively. It was his high
aspiration to be that, and his brilliant
success in the role, that will make his
memory most widely esteemed by his
countrymen and cause history to give
him a singularly prominent place
emong the human instruments of our
artistic development. On the long
ro.-id — a whole half-century long, over
which he passed in the struggle to
achieve his purpose, there were many
tiraes when he was despondent, almost
'c^pairing. So we may easily com
prehend that he spoke not only in sym
pathy for others, but out of a personal
experience in the words:
The power of good music! "Who among- us
\u25a0 can tell or measure it? Who shall ear how
cany hearts it has soothed, how many tired
brain* It has rested, how many sorrow* It
has taken away? It is like the power of con
science — mighty, immeasurable.
One of the most entertaining passages
of the book is the account of some of his
methods of thus being music master to
the people collectively and training them
to appreciate the best art. He did not
wish merely to make them like music for
amusement's cake, but to instill into them
a. sincere love for good music, a deep and
earnest regard for the works of the mas
"term. He would attract the people to at
tention by playing them light and popu
lar melodies, and then he would sandwiofi
in something finer, but more difficult for
them to appreciate. "Presently there ap
peared a symphony movement, something
by Raff, Spohr, Schumann, Schubert or
Beethoven, repeated over uid over in
connection with the light stuff also re
peated ' over and over, until the people
found the .latter did not stand repetition
like the former, in which they discovered
new beauties at each performance." Thus
he went about his great undertaking on
the principle of persuasion. He adapted
to his art purpose th© widely useful pro
cess in all science and knowledge of de
veloping the unknown from the known.
How Intense was his conviction that
the American people needed to h&ve their
cense of music developed from the con
dition in which he found it to where they
could enjoy the finer forms of it, and
that he had a great mission in training
them up to those , delightful yet undis
covered heights, may b* gathered from
the enthusiasm of a few of his sen
tences. Thus: "• • The man who does
\j. understand Beethoven and has not
y-en under his spell has not half lived his
life. The master works of instrumental
music are the language of the soul and
express more than any other art. Light
music, 'popular,* so called, is the sensual
Fide of the art and has more or less devil
•n it." In a letter to Mr. George P. Up
ton, who is the editor of the autobiog
raphy, he Bays: •• • • it is also a great
drawback In this country that the mu
sical public is either too busy or too
phlegmatic to treat music as an art, but
look upon it only as an amusement or a
pastime.**
' •'\u25a0 • \u25a0 \u25a0 " .\u25a0 ' \u25a0\u25a0 '. \u25a0 ' .\u25a0-' . \u25a0\u25a0. v . . \u25a0 " " -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .SUNDAY, ;20, . 1905:
23
A BOOK ABOUT MUSIC AND SOME OTHERS
\u25a0' That e meritorious feference!,book, ,1*
P.jMcCnf ty'«; i"The ; : Statistician
Economist,*'* is out w for,-1905-1906.' Every-"
thingrpteviously^ quoted t ln ; the ! work ta
In '\u25a0\u25a0''\u25a0 thi* ;\u25a0; t brought y down .\u25a0 to '
within-;- twelve^ months }ot : . date, janrt *
In - - chronological : ~,;arid % -
events^to- th© i end r , of ; May, 1 9*Sl\ So full
is'the'amount'of Information 1 that it. re-"
q^uires Jtwenty-elghtjpagea 'of Index >to
locate it. - Tho whole book is • «74 pages.
.THE SON OF THE SWORD MAKER-
Sy"Opl€?Read. Laird '& Lee. Chicago;
U ZULU— By H: Esaelstyn Undley. Broad
way* Publishing' Company; -New! York;
v LETTERS OF. A SELF-MADE PRESI
DENT—By ; James; J. ; Neville. • J." S. ; OgiU
vie ' Publishing Company,' 57 Rose street.
New Yorrk;**l.- '• .' . '" /\u25a0•-," :I \u25a0 _
IN - BOHEMIA— By James Clarence
Harvey. H. M. Caldwell & "Ctt.. Bo*-/
ton; 'lV 25. • .DEMURRER IN, POACHING CASE.'— Robert
J. • Tyson. S. - R. ~' de ; Smldt,"^ W:v J;» Wood > ami
WV J.~ iWoodtlde.^lndicted « forS outfitting "i the
pirate schooner Carrnencl ta on a eeal-poachipg
expedition, h appeared/: for Varraignmentsyester
day ; morning "Ins the '# United v. States 2 District
Court. : > iThey i Interposed a < demurrer., to 'the* In
dictment, the •' hearing ; of X which i was * set \u25a0, for
Saturday. Sectember. 2. -'..,' , • - :..
.hAttentlon,'.: delegates"; to *: Christian
Church Convention ~\ and ? your friends.'; If
you are! planning* tb'.iake r the • trip', to the
beautifurp-Yosemite 5, Valley i- you p. should
make | arrangements] to go via Santa* Fe
Rail way. i>The:exceptionaUy,lowJ rate. of
$25.90 is -offered ?you^ for. 3 , the; round; trip
from ", S«an ]i Franciscoil?; Reservation e.s' on '
stage'Uhould^befmadeaatjoncer^Quick
est and cheapest route into the Valley
isthe Santa- Fe.;^SeeiMr.'<F.-.W.-J»rlnce.
Clty, r -Ticket : Agent, i No. V 653 ;; Market
street, for particulars." -, , ; : : ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;?*
Excuraloiis ' to . - YoWciulte ':- Valley = via
'{. -: -" :~:::.- i'- Santa" Fe. \--u-\ ; :^' : j^
Unionists From V All .; Tovrn* . In : Santa
Crux and Snn Mateo' Counties ' .'
" '•. ;-. - ' ;;X'i to^ Take 'i Part. V- ; >". - ...;.'\ . -
: SAN, jpSE.'-Aug., 19.-^-All \u25a0 the 'towns
mi ; Santa f Cruz 7 and \ San"; Mateo i counties
and those lii* this I .county] will -Joint inlthe
Labor, day.celebration.ini, this city./'; The
'grades .'and ;Bulidlng:; Council", has; pref
pared ? ' a /varied f- programme, including
a grand-; v parade,'and ; a ; free "barbecue on
animmense'scale.'; //''. '•"\u25a0!'.<. ;';-;\ '*: •'\u25a0'.:• •*:\u25a0•"•''
LABORiDAY WILL BE GAYLY,
. j. , CELEBRATED jIN * GARDEN, CITY
.| MONTERE Y, , - ' Aug: \u25a0 ? 1 9J--;While >\ at "
temptingito solder a leakin'ajgas tank
early; this [ morning,^ M." S." VOrbanus,' the
keeper \u25a0ofl a 1 saloon , about ; ,two ,C- miles
from ' Monterey,^ received : injuries^ which
willjresult-; in. his death. ?The' ; tank ; con^
talned ,*gas 7made.:from, % gasoiiner;in;'a
small' outnt^usedtto flight tthe ?;saloon. r
The-^escaping'gas ..coming^; \u25a0 in.v. contact'
with^the; hot soldering-iron] ignited r ahd
caused 'an ! explosion^; that 'wrecked the
outfit. 1 Urbanus'.'skull .was: crushed , sy
a i part -of • the 7 . wrecked 'apparatus, v I \u25a0, '
Montcrf? Uqnii : ..Skull !•
byPierc of Llßhtln*g^g|J|!
\u25a0.'\u25a0•.- \u25a0' -..'"\u25a0-'-. ' , Apparatus. '.'. .;•'.'\u25a0.:.,; "j- --..
EXPLOSION OF GAS -TANK; MAY
.: .'^ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 CAUSE S-V'IV ;^ JIAN'S DEATH
' '•. Uiiinniam was an expert, and had been
practicing ; i long-distance; 1 ! swimming;
While some distance out j frbm -thebeach
he", was taken with cramps and drowned
before assistance could reach him. His
body has not^been; recovered;. ;
NE,W /\u25a0 YORK, . • AugJ • - iO.— Frederick
Hammam.Va Brooklyn "clerk > who *£ was
•ent Uo*:yieriifa;atXthe^expense "of 'j:_ a.
well-known rnewspaperf*edltbr : : some
years „ aifo to =,be treated • for 'consump r ;
tloh arid who was pronounced cured ion
his return, was drowned, yesterday x at
Rockaway.'- \u25a0;• "';^ : -.^ \u25a0'\u25a0".'\u25a0 '\u25a0': ', K.i- '.-\u25a0. . - : " : " •./..:
Brookl > i> Clcrfc, Whotte Life Was Saved
Front Prend Disease, Flndii Death
.While Swlnimlngr. \u25a0; ;
CURED Ol'V COXSUJIPTIO.V. HUT
\u25a0\u25a0:'/- \u25a0\u25a0-•• IS -ACCIDENTALLY DROWNED
Persian Ruler, Having Reached Limit
, of Credit, l Continues to . Travel >_
In Luxurious Style.
.... PARIS,, Aug7119.-|-The visit of the
Shah; of -Persia 1 impresses one that the
sovereign's^coffersrmuBtbe well filled.
But how.Muzaffer Ed-Din can. afford to
. travel \u25a0 in : the , imperial style that sur
-rounds- him surpasses any
ing. ' He has; a suite* of sixty gentlemen, 1
including "viziers, chamberlains and
others <^f^ his "court. ; V;. . . ;
?'.;Noi wonder -that; stories are /current
that imany i trunks • of •; the "King ; of
Kings" are filled iWith-gpld. But where
do es \ he get ; . the ;. money ? r Persia has
owed ' . $17,000,000 >' to ; , «• Russian . bank
since il962; ( andfuntil;-this : ls, paid can
contract- no. other r foreign j loan s with-;
out » that* bank's permission.^ ' ,';
i" The Shah's ) menials- are < rather - more
numerous i than j.' the 'gentlemen of .{ his
suite, J.which ; numbers i.i altogether
They.j all "occupied -muphj 1 of ;the Elysee
Hotel, ' which! goes iin r successfully, for,
grand Tstyler and ; attracts , In
numerable-mniiona)res fi who;consideri it
cheap because there , are - five francs ;ln
a.dollar.—"---/-.-';; i'\ : - '.>/",^ : - •. : -- ; .:: ; ''..\u25a0\u25a0 " •\u25a0 ' .-.
.".The first v and 'second floors ;of -the
hotel/ithe J Shah's"- own- 1 rooms— with «v
cry- kind si of 7 hot /and ; cold : ; baths-^are
known; asUhe , King;. of ' the ; ; Belgians'.
,The Juvenile. Princesand'their t governor.
' have I the? apartments ! of iTom \Walsh •of
Colorado^-that •; is 1 to> say.'f ' the 3 apart
imentsJasslgned;to .'Walsh -when, he, and
Leopold.f his -friend. f stay at the; 'same
i timeiat,the:Elysee Palace; '\u25a0'-,\u25a0 : ;
i^Att.CentrexvllleS the '^Persians . had Van
i entire;hotel:'tolthernselves ; in;the'park.
.ThlS'Ms }]the ;; dearest v of ;'\u25a0; the . Vosges
watering-places.;-.;.;;' ,'-.--'. '.'\u25a0 '
\u25a0;" "At '.Ostend ; I they >will • not . have ' less
spacious lodgings. "AThey^wlir stay there,
for ''about fa i fortnight for/, lohgerj if ithei
Shah" finds' himself >\u25a0 strengthened i ; by..the'
air. .TheyVtheri?gO;6hUo^The Hague; to
L vlslt^Queen^Wllhelmlna^ v^whose | husf ;
,bandi wants ; make - up C,t°l the - Shah,
: but * nbts probably v to \u25a0 the 1 extent of \u25a0 pa.y-1
ing, the] hotel >bllls. v N.Thlnk, what n'sulte
for ; 127,vw11l cost » lnlThe i Ne therlands.^ ''\u25a0 ', V :;\u25a0•\u25a0
>it In" returning home "the" Shah will , visit
Ber^ln^ and- St.* Petersburg. ' .
SOURCE OF. SHAH'S CASH
MYSTERY TO PARISIANS
LONDON, Aug. 19.— A: curious case f
illustrating how some of ""the .poorer
classes still cling, to the ancient' belief
in witchcraft, occurred •in / a 'village
near Downham Market, ' Norfolk. > .
A lonely oldwoman, who.. was : |n re
ceipt of parish 'relief,: fell; ill. and when
visited by* the relieving officer "was
found to be in a state of collapse,.prob
ably, owing to ;, the ; fact : that • \u25a0 she had
been without food or ; drink -for" three
days. '.. , , •
Her "condition was .'such .that the offi
cer deemed the service8 r of.a« nurse nec
essary, .and on; trying to procure -.one
was ' astounded '\u25a0\u25a0 at ; the , refusals he -met
with on all sides. \u0084T he neighbors al
leged that the old .woman was v a;wltch,
and several of them declared* that they
were, or; had been, under her,' uncanny
power. - ... • '. -
Says She Conversed With Evil .Spirit.
After many attempts, the {officer Isucr
ceeded In^persuadlng, a woman;,; also in i
receipt of . relief, to look .after ; the ', old
womani : but during 'i her .first, night's
vigil- the nurses-e xperiences were such
that: no moneyiwould, tempt her to stay
any longer."."- She ' alleged ; that '\u25a0 the : pa
tient,: who, was probably/dellrious;,con
versed with; the'evlPoneVandrthat .the
scenes were terrible:to;behold andltheir;
talk v was of a most appalling, character.
Another, nurselwhom [ 'the; officer -per
suaded to stay^with the "old" wo man-: told
a similar- story.iand at Jlast^he recured
.the^services :of ..two women. : I T \u25a0
. Thepatlent ultirHately died, and after
herdeatrrmoretrouble was experienced
In getting the i body; into; the i coffin,; and
the. officer: had to perform that "duty
himself. ~. "\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0:./;.<,\u25a0 . ":*,-, ; ?-* :
The old women in attendance de
dared that; among,: other/ preparations
found in the old cottage {were
bottles " ,'\u25a0'- containing-y'dragonV .'.blood,
herbal -[ concoctions p and.^" other :± articles
popularly ; associated • with : , witchcraft.': ?-
Curious Illustration ofHow.Som* Pco
pie Ctinc to. Ancient Superstl- : ,
-tloua Shown In EnKlnnd.' . . •
Hold l!ii Tronsuircr'of \Vlii«ly CltyCon
cfru ouStreet niul, Take $1025 \
';\u25a0.'\u25a0.' . From Him. }-'.. ?.'-
CHICAGO, Aug. '"'.19."-^-A ~ daring 'day
light robbery ..was perpetrated here .to
day, when H. C. Beard, assista nt'; treas
urer of i the* Press: and Sign; companies
hero,' :was ;waylaid \u25a0 and robbed of $1025
by. two. armed nioii. 'BeHrd >as going to
the offices of the company- from a i bank
with the currency^for the weekly pay-;
roll. ; He"-- was "accosted by V-two: well
dressed men. One J of the men pointed
a revolver at him and the other struck
him .' with a ; billy.V; He fell; to/ y the
ground, and»: a valise containing the
money was taken, from him.'.
SPURN WOMAN >\S , WITCH >;
AKD LEAVE HER TO DIE
D All ING UA V. LIGHT.. ROBUERY ;;
lI V.' TWO "CHICAGO FOOTPADS
NAPA, Aug. 19.— The sessions !of the
California Viticujtural Club were resumed
at St. Helena .this' morning, with a 'large
attendance jof 'delegates. 7 > President John
Swett of Martinez presided over the gath
ering:* ;e. H.TAvight of' Berkeley was at
the secretary's desk. - >
The 'following '< 'ofllcers .were-, elected:
President,* John Swett of Martinez; first
vice president. B. Bruck of St. Helena;
second . vice j president, :, S." M. Tarpey of
Fresno;- f secretary-treasurer, E. H.
Twlght of \u25a0Berkeley: executive commit
tee—Joseph Roeding of Fresno, C. I L. da
rue of - Youritville. B. A; Towne of Lodi,
Dr. A: ; LJMencrantB of Aptos, F. T. Swett
of Martinez and W. Pierce of Suisun. - :
This morning the delegates .were enter
tained by a committee of St. Helena'citi
zens and were driven about" the
at Oakville, St.' Helena and Callstoga.
\u25a0 -»= \u25a0". ' \u25a0\u25a0 -^^ .:..
• SACRAMENTO, Aug. 19.— The story
emanating from- San. Francisco, that the
bandit who. robbed the Yosemite ValK-y
stage, near; Wawona.f last .Tuesday ;Is
one .of .two prisoners ; confined in the
city prison here" Is declared, absurd, the
men having been arrested; in;; this city
at an hour which. would' have precluded
their being. anywhere near the scene
of the .robbery on the day it occurred.
Thu polices have no ; information which
in any way connects the two local pris
oners with the stage robbery. ,
BERIJN. Aug. 19.— A dispatch from
Koenigsberg to a Hamburg paper an
nounces that cholera is raging In sev
eral districts situated on the left bank
of the Vistula. Numerous deaths have
already occurred. The Russian censor
forbids the publication of any details of
the epidemic. Up till now the frontier
districts have not been affected. 1 f!^l
Cholera Spread* ta Rnaalm.
VITICULTORS
ELECT OFFICERS
BOAIUJ ASSIGN'S TEACHER. — The Board
r*( Education yeeterday adopted a rcrolutlon
temporarily aseig-nins Miss Mildred Conpdon
to the domestic science department during
the leave of absence of Miss Edna Coryelle.
The board took under advisement the offer of
O. H. ITmbeen to sell lor $375 a lot adjolnlnr
the school lot recently purchased on Carl
street, neer Wlllard.
of .them state their belief that the prin
ciples of jlu jltsu can be applied effect'
lvely to all animals.
the versatility of the city police was re
vealed yesterday by an official of the
force.
The police sergeant. .who 'employed a
trick of jlu Jltsu to throw a navvy who
had been, driven mad by the heat and
was " struggling furiously to hurl himself
over the ; embankment . parapet Is jby no
means ! the only student . of the wrestling
methods of Japan among the -police.
One of the j most Interesting develop
ments of police jlu jitsu is the use the
men have begun to make of the methods
in dealing with runaway horses. Many
Were in Jail Shortly After
Hold-Up on Yosemite
Road.
; DETROIT, Mich., Aug. 19.— John- Good
son, an 11-year-old schoolboy, is 'under
arrest charged with the. murder of Han
nah McQuade," aged 7 years, in Greenfield
Township, just outside the west city lim
its of Detroit, last night. The little Mc-
Quade girl, the daughter of Peter Mc-
Quade,' a gardener, was 'driving, toward
the McQuade home in company with her
two sisters, aged 10 ' and 12 years. Young
Goodson affd \ three companions, '-\u25a0-. boys
about the same age, who had been shoot
ing sparrows along the road, appeared
and attempted to climb j upon the rear of
the wagon. The girls ordered them off
and whipped up the horse. Goodson; It Is
charged; became enraged and shot at- the
girls with the Flobert rifle he was carry-
Ing. The bullet struck, the aittle. girl In
the temple, killing her almost Instantly.
Goodsoh's companions,' who are 'also 'in
custody, declare that • the v bullet whclh
struck -.the girl was aimed .at a sparrow
on a nearby telegraph, poler ' _'...;- -.
CAPITAL PRISONERS :
NOT STAGE ROBBERS
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 19. — Lambert Nei
hause. under sentence to be hanged
next Monday for the killing- of his
brother-in-law, to-day committed sui
rlde in his cell at the City Jail, stab
bing himself in the abdomen with an
ordinary penknife.
Murdencr Cheats Gallo^ni.
Eleven - Year - Old Michigan
Boy Kills a Child
* of Five.
Police Have \o Intention of Running
Risk of Disturbance aa Did Au
thorities In London.
PARIS, Aug. 12.— The outlook for Dow
ie's projected crusade against Parisian
vice is more than unfavorable at the pres
ent moment. Although a few of the"for
mer meetings here addressed b^ Elijah II
were orderly on the whole and there was
-practically no public Interest taken, yet
the police have no intention of running
any risk of such disturbances as have
happened during the Dowie campaign In
London. Therefore, counting on the ad
mirable attention the French proprietors
give their chief of police, the latter has
simply strongly "advised" the owners of
all Paris halls not to accept any offers
coming from the Chicago prophet. .
Dowie will be reduced to holding his
salvation meetings on the open square,
which will bring him so sharply under
police surveillance that his discomfiture
may be discounted in advance. As far
as Dowie is concerned, Paris wickedness
is likely to continue for some, time to
come.
Happiness ?Is not In having T|hat we
like, but in liking what we have.
SENDS BULLET INTO ,
LITTLE GllttrS BRAIN
I nlon Bricklayer* and Stone 3ln»ons
Hnsuinr Work for United States
Steel Corporation.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 10.— The local of
3cer» of the Jiricklayers' and Stone
Jlasons' International Association have
received notice from the national offi
rials giving the local union rermission
to resume work for the United States
.steel Corporation and throwing open
every plant operated by the combine.
The action ends a. strike of three years.
Tire men wanted eight hours.
STRIKE OF THREE TOARV
DVHATIOX IS SETTLED
DOWIE'S CRUSADE FALLS
FL.AT IK S SIWFUI, PARIS
BOSTON, , Aug. 19.— Commander ; in
Chief John B. 1 King, of the Grand Army
of the : Republic,* in a generad order^is
sued from the national headquarters
here, '"announces. the : appointment .of
three women. to be honorary aids'on,hls_
staff at: the national encampment to be
held next month in Denver, Colo. The
appointees are: Mrs. Kate B. Sherwood
of Ohio and Mrs. Sarah E. Fuller, and
Mrs. Elizabeth, A. Turner of Massa
chusetts, all of j whom are' past national
presidents- of ; the Woman's 'Relief
Corps. This is the first time, that
women have served on the' staff of . the
commander in chief.
\u25a0S. W." Backus and C. Mason Kinne.
both past senior vice commanders; in
chief. , San Francisco, , ; and George
Stone, 'past department commander, San
Francisco,, are apolnted a , committee
In furtherance of ; the resolutions
adopted at the last; national' encamp
ment relative to changing the State Sol
diers' Home at Yountville.'Cal.; to^the
national' s6ldiers% home. ;'
Commander in Chief King of
: Grand Army Honors
, Three Women. -
TRIO OF FAIR AIDS
APPOINTED ON STAFF
; Judge Philips set September.lB as tho
date upon which the defendant- com
panies, are ordered to make their plea
to the charges of contempt. - v
KANSAS CITY.; -Aug. 19.-— Contempt
proceedings, cfiiarglngr violation of < the
order of District Judge John F. J , Philips,
issued . in * March, "1^02; restraining the
defendants from giving rebates vio
lation of the? Interstate commerce law,
were filed here to-day. in\the United
States' District Court, against -the Chi
cago and Alton, the Chicago, Burlington
and^ Quincy, the Union Pacific, the Chi
cago, Rock Island and Pacific and the
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe railroad
companies. ' .. •
The contempt proceedings allege spe
cifically in the case of -the Chicago and
Alton that the company granted rebates
amounting to many thousands of dol
lars on the shipments, of agricultural
and farming-machinery to the Interna
tional Harvester Company, which- owns
and controls the , Deerlng ""* Harvester
Company, the McCormick • Harvester
Company, the Piano Harvester; Com
pany, .the South Chicagc/Fdrnace Com
pany and the Illinois Northern Railroad
Company. "';\u25a0 \u25a0 .-.- -.-. \u25a0
It is alleged that the Chicago and : Al
ton agreed with the Illinois Northern
Railroad Comparty to '• file with the In
terstate Commerce Commission pre
tended (Joint tariffs on. _ joint 'freight
rates effective from Chicago, to Missouri
River points, for the express purpose of
evading the restraining order, and that
the Alton agreed and did in' fact give to
the 7 International Harvester. Company
25 per cent of said pretended joint tar
iff rates. The proceedings against the
Burlington Railroad are 'practically
identical with those against the Alton.
The proceedings against the Missouri
Pacific, ,the Rock Island and the Santa
Fe railroads allege: that- In 'like manner
these companies violated the \u25a0.restrain
ing" order, by 'giving rebates to the
Hutchinson (Kans.) Salt Company, in
collusion with the Hutchinson and Ar
kansas River Railroad, which -latter
company Is controlled and operated by
the salt company. These railroad com
panies are alleged to have given the
salt company 25 per cent of a pretend
ed joint tariff rate upon salU routed to
points on the Missouri' ; River. 'Tho
proceedings were filed "by A:- S.'Van
Valkenburg, United: States District At
torney for the Western district of Mis
souri, at the instigation of JSI.*D. Purdy,
Assistant Attorney General * of the
United States. •
In . the - petition for a receivership ; it . ia
charged that more than $500,000 had > been
loaned to Leonard B. Imboden and asso
ciates- on\ securities of. doubtful value.'
The' officers of the bank to-day filed an
answer to' the petition, 'denying that the
loans Complained' of were made on flctl
tious securities. The Bank of North
America of New York holds 1400 shares,
a majority of the bank's stock,, as; se-;
curity for a loan of J90.000. These shares
stand on the bank's ; books in I the name
of.C. B. Wilfley, but In reality, it is said,
were controlled by Imboden. - Wilfley has
stated that , he never, purchased. or;.had
any legal title to this stock. :J. A. ;HIU.
president. of the bank, who is said to have
represented the Imbode-n interests, is ab
sent. In the East." >.* ,
Depositors of savings, who had, been
permitted to \u25a0 draw i only <10 per h cent of
their ; funds | since August 8. .when - a' ; run
on ,the ; bank began, petitioned ; the court
to take' charge of the instituUon, and the
offlcersl' in /charge to-day to
have 'a" receiver- appointed.' !
The" bank had : over \u25a0 depositors;
whose savings deposits aggregated $1, 400,-
OCO.i and there were ;also ' checking ac
counts aggregating several hundred thou
sand dollars 'before the run.; V
• DENVER, Aug. lfl.-Judge John I. Mul-r
Una in the Distrltc Court to-day^ appoint
ed Guy Leroy Stevick : receiver . for the
Denver ; Savings Bank, and the; bank is
closed. \u25a0 , •\u25a0. ; •
Say Transportation Com
panies Evade the Court's
Mandate -by Trickery
THOUSANDS IN ABATES
Creditors in Petition to
K Oourt Charge Directors
With Making 'Bad Loans
DOUBTFUL SECURITIES
Santa Fe and Other Lines Ac
cused of Violating Re
straining Order i ; of 1902
Receiver Is Appointed at Ee
quest of Depositors Who
Have $1,400,000 in Concern
ROADS CHARGED
WITH CONTEMPT
DENVER SAVINGS
BANK IS CLOSED
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY,;, AXJGUSTJ2O, ,1905.
Pollce ' Jin Jltan Honei.
LONDON,' v Aujf. ; '19. —Another • phase • of
.:":'"* \u25a0':\u25a0 '-/\u25a0' "'\' : ' -'.r^ /'•\u25a0'' >: :".-
24
CITY I f|| PARIS
Dry Goods i Company.
I|||i||^||^t^e^of : Our
Semi-Annttel Linen Sale!
SAMPIiE UAY I NG'f been successful in se-
. f?" curing the . sample Tablecloths
j y\tc •in sizes BxB up to 10x16— sample
Napkins "iri sizes sxB and 24x27
inches— of \ the following well-
0F known Irish and Scotch linen
mahufactufers:
LINEN ' Richardson Sons & Owdin, Belfast;
'..>•- . Ers^c- : & rß€vcridgc,l)timfennKnc»r B€vcridgc,I)timfennKnc»
CLOTHS l Shields & Company, Perth.
.'>;:..-,;-- [ JohnH. S. Brown & JSons, Belfast , : •
\u25a0 AND We will place these choice pieces'
-: . ; :\ upon our counters at
NAPKINS ..IMPORTATION COST..
;' v; Rernnants of Table Linens, Table Gloths, Em-
" broidered Runners, Embroidered Bed Spreads, broken
lines ;Pillow"Slips and Shams, and odd- lots of Fine
/Embroidered Towels at
LESS THAN IMPORTATION COST
tITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS GOIVrPANY,
.Geary and Stockton Streets, Union Square.
.\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0--.--**\u25a0•" .-\u25a0_ - . * \u25a0'\u25a0.-\u25a0'.s --\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 • \u25a0 * -• • ' - * - \u25a0;\u25a0
918-922 Market Street
Announce an important
Comprising entire line of broken sizes. All must
be closed out at once to make room for faH goods.
Note the remarkable reductions: Vv/
55.50,s 5.50, 56.50,s 6.50, '7^50 and *8.00
Rarely, if ever, are < such enormous reductions
made on Ladies' High-Grade Silk Waists.
There are a .variety of styles made of crepe de
chine, chiffon taffeta, peau de cygne, messaline de
soie, India silk and allover laces. Some are tucked
and embroidered, others' trimmed with laces ; also
a variety of plain tailor-made; effects. ; Colorings:
include lavender, light blue, navy, brown, tan. solid-
black and white, and fancy silks.
Sale commences Monday at 9 a. m.,
To-Morrpw Is the Last Day of, Our
SALE Of CHILDREN'S COATS AT^ bIME-HALF
FORMER PRICES^
XO BRANCH BTOHES. -Store closes Saturdays at 6 p. m.
GREAT SALE
BLACK DRESS GOODS
This should be a hummer, as black is to be very popular this fall.
We have selected all the new and fashionable weaves for this occasion,
which we offer at special prices.
75c Black Mohair Alpaca, 33c Yd.
A good fast black. 46 in. wide, nice, medium weight, suitable _for
shirt waist suits, petticoats, traveling coats, etc. Reg. 75c kind. TOn
sale price • • • JUU
$1.00 Black Etamine and Taffeta, 49c Yd.
Several new and pretty styles in silk figured effects; 44 in. wide, a
rich fast black. Also soo yards all wool taffeta, 45 in: wide, reeu-
lar $1.00 values. Your choice this week of either, sale price. . "»"
$1.00 Black Sicilian Alpacas, 58c Yd.
The extra heavy iron frame weave, very bright, silk kloss finish, a
guaranteed fast black. S3 in. wide, sells regularly at $1.00. sale KQo
price ...*... UUU
$1.50 Black Panne Cloths, 95c Yd.
« This is the material that will be used almost exclusively this fall
and winter for the stylish lone coat suits. 48 in. wide roueh fin- QKn
ish, 32 in. wide satin finish, strictly all wool, $1.50 value, sale price w«U
Extra Spacial— SALE OF HENRIETTAS— rxtra Specisl
Henriettas will be used very much this fall, especially for oleated
skirts, waists, etc.
All wool, 38 in. wide, regular 60c, this week, yard 48c
All wool, 45 in. wide, regular 75c, this week, yard.. ..50c
All wool, 46 in. wide, regular $1.25, this week, yard...S9c <
Note We sponge and shrink all dress goods bought here free of charge.
11905-NEW1 1905-NEW FALL SUITS and CO ATS-1905 '
Opening of the season with the newest productions at unusual
special prices.
$20.00 Tailored Suits, Special, $12.50
This line conflss in many styles, principally the hip coats so popular
now Mannish mixtures in dark and medium shades, all sizes. CIO Cfl
sale price • • •• OI^.JU
$25.00 Tailored Suits, Special, $19.50
Exceedingly strong line in variety of styles. The lone coat suit and
the hip coats prevailine: materials in homespuns, Panamas, O,Q Cfj
broadcloths and dark Scotch mixtures; sale price v. ... W'w.uu
$5.50 Walking Skirts, $3.75
Dark mixtures. Panamas and alpacas, kilted and side-pleated CO 7K
styles. The season's most popular colorines; sale price oui I v
$8.50 Walking Skirts, $5.75
Broadcloths. Panamas and Sicilians. Styles exclusive and CR 7K
tailoring perfect; sale price O^i I J
Closing Prices of All Our White Lawn and Wash Waists
65c Lawn Waists, to close.. -5c 85c Lawn Waists, to c105e.. 49c
$1.00 Lawn Waists, to close. <>sc $1.50 Lawn Waists, to close. J>sc
-^^-^iShrewdbuying.'insistingupon -*"^^^
\u25a0 -i^^3perfect^ handiwork, knowledge 4 of your
/^^ demands and our ability to handle quanti-
Sw^r " ties, all serve to make possible this sale. J^^V
/\, 'M' r . )^ \u25a0 : Over'2ooo waists are offered. It's a great
X~2J*tf(S^ chance and one that should not be over-
f^^^^^m looked. The sale starts to-morrow morning.
)<J$mW Lawn Waists, $1.50 \u25a0 Mull Waists, $3.25 Mi&iW^ 1
/3r^sslS!l lll - You have often paid $a Elbow sleeve styles like Wi '"•7/p" 1 ~7 )£ A
:: -V'\-j»i^C^l 'llli 7 ;: " ; " or more for Inferior values." the picture on the right, |ll , '%^ )
•'\l- ISIi/f// "\u25a0" Besides; ''the' \u25a0short A sleeve; and long., sleeve ideas, too. fl^X I /IfW^kl
V\\ \MW^^ style pictiired on the Heft. $5.50 is the regular price. ffio&\ I Jl/j£g&g
. _MKml mi/ there are lon* sleeve and Some lawns are included s *SiU.\\* Si U.\\ llf^&&
Suf '/•'\u25a0 tailor-made effects. at the bargain price. /
JBm/!f/ll P J *^^^ waist season is only half gone— no danger Sv^f L
Separate Skirt, JFirst New Fall Suite, $25.00
i Sale A \u25a0 Here's, news we're glad to tell.
A final clearance of several lines-not lS^\ To-morrow we show two of the new suit
\u25a0.becauserthey are undesirable, but "SB ideas, the two styles that have appeared on
' because the \ lots are sad) v broken. \^Sf Fifth avenue onl£ recently.
: The "\ lines -will -be discontinued. -rfjf^^jk They are authoritative in style, individual
There are some; splendid \u25a0mixtures vmfW^h". \u25a0. in character, perfect in handiwork and ,alto-
and all the; popular plain color ma- V. !. ///^V pettier worth coming to see at least,
terials^ in all: the wanted colors.. .; i« „ r « . arethesO-
Prices' are reduced like this: . \ 'ISj/ 'O/lQ jLOUO LOClt OllltS . . i- no lt,
\u25a0- - \u25a0"• \u25a0 . \u25a0 'a*c% r\es L%i' ''\u25a0ml' VI • ' ' ' men lcilgLii.
$5.00 Skirts .••. • • • -$3.9.0. '.^;|3s ' The favorite material is broadcloth in brown,
$8.50 Skirts ....... $5.50 »;.Y ; navy and black. These' colors are again to be
\u25a0 — ; — -\u25a0\u25a0.- jyi-'u '^^^ recognizeil as standard. The coats are silk-
Inf'infe' \A/o/ir» ff^fe^Wv lined throughout.
;, ,lllianiS.:,. t VVearj;;:rf.; r:fflsWmk rL «, o \u25a0-.. have been continued
Gingham ; Dresses— Pink and • blue fi'^Hm OAe OtOTl OUItS in f avor> w i t h addi-
stripes; ruffled yokes on French HWh, :J \\\MM&> tions o f course, which give them new grace
,style.wa,sts. Ver^^peaal c »||Wr and beauty. f The material that we show to-
' , c- m 11 . \u2666„;-,•• "^^^F 11 *^^^— morrow is a fine gray mixture.
Pique Jackets— Sailor: collars. \u25a0 trim- p . \u25a0 ~. \u25a0 _ \u25a0.. '. • -. - r
\u25a0 ming of embroidery and medallions. COVCrt Long COQtS, 5> I D.UU
<-> en JnrW*.W . . • $1,48 Covert cloth enters the new seasoji unchallenged. After all is said and
W.w jaLKeis \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0; , everytning shown, what is better for one of the new lone coats
$3.50 Jackets.. ••• • •"ibSS.^p than covert?. The half-fitted style prevails, while <the tailored effect
$5^50 -Jackets .V.r." . ... $8.95 is "accentuated b^ stitchine and strapped seams.
Closing-Out Sales Silk Belt Qearance
v^ In Various Line* of '\u0084 - Every One in Stock Goes : .
Hand Mirrors, Hair Brushes &. Water^Bags For -j^^ the Cost of Materials Alone
• Cost Js. scarcely considered. .^JS^iS^hin S After a bie « ason in silk belts we are <> erfectl Y w»:
Isiift^Vl^^ Profit ti n, ei ,
* Hand Mirrors. 18c \u0084 ; 455 c Hand Mirrors.2sc '. past— clearing out time has come. The sale befftns to-
8-° Hand Mirrors.. OOc $1.50 Hand Mirrors.Bsc morrow with belts and girdles in all sizes and colors,
. -' -. - > .-•- _„ ' Prices are reduced this way:
KSoSc-Water- Bottles.... 800 * \u0084 J^ \u0084,,.
. $I*ls Water Bottles.... Csc . .. 50c and 65c Silk Belts 23c" ,
$1.50 Water Bottles:... OSc 75c and 85c Silk Belts 3*>c
• c _ ~ " . $1.00 and $1.25 Silk 8e1t5...... ...... 65c
Hair.BrUSheS, 56C. Ebony and ; Rosewood $I ., 0 and $i.7SSiik" Belts .OSc
backs- finely finished; all bristles, strictly. 75c is , -. Vr . . \u0084
th 'ual price .-" ~ -\u25a0' : '''- ' - They, 'may last through . Monday, but it's doubtful.
Standard :&% VSV £fr • P /^L
Patter^ £%, J[) 0 JBttVlS CC (*Q, ™*™*
lOC antt 15C . . - .--.V AlwoysMakesa
NowHighw Cor. Geary St. and Grant -five- c»tem«rMILLIONAIRE'S ONLY SON
KILLED AT NEWPORT.
\u25a0> \u25a0 —^w^^—^— \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 — — \u25a0- IMM 11 . \u25a01 \u25a0 \u25a0 -Ml —^— -\u25a0 — — \u25a0 II \u25a0 I M I \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 I \u25a0 111 I HM —^— —^^—^— 1 1 11. \u25a0 ill ,1. M — —^^^— \u25a0 \u25a0. I — W^^>
TWO OF THE SOCIETY WOMEN WHO WERE INJURED' IN THE AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENT YESTERDAY AT NEWPORT BT I
. WHICH .A'INSON WALSH. SON. OF A WASHINGTON MILLIONAIRE' AND BROTHER OF ONE OF THE ABOVE. RE
•V.CEIVED,-HURTS FROM WHICH HE DIED.. . •
AMERICAN EMBASSADORS IN TOKIO AND ST. PETERSBURG, WHO iHAVB
CONVEYED TO THE JAPANESE AjND RUSSIAN GOVERNMENTS THE PRES
IDENTS VIEWS UPON DESIRABILITY OF AVERTING A DEADLOCK. .. :
Continued on Pase 27, Co lama $.
livered * by : an ; unknown ' party. -*" " " \u25a0/ *
f, Clark r came \u2666 here /on April » 9, i 1908. \u25a0v to
serve fajfour-year.t sentence* for "forgery
cbninilited f int San " Francisco* on '_ Decem
ber: 24, ; 190? / ' :.- \u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0) ;- ~ :*MgS£SBBBB&U&
MANILA, Aug. 20. — Advices • from
Zamboanga say that three/ wonderful
demonstrations, were ; held 7, there sin
honor, of Secretary of War/Taft and
party. Air the tribes in, theyMoro
provinces? and the leading, dattos 'were
represented. There, was a proccsslonr a
drill by - Moros, .. a : parade / and .: native
dances. At night there was ia. dance
at the 'Army and-Navy, Club iand a; re
ceptlon by the -^Mindanao ,;Club. > The
Twentieth Infantry, " commanded %by
Colonel Maus,' led "^the 'parade*; and: hun£"
dreds of school; children sang ln-Eng-
Clißlrninn /\ Shont* v \u25a0 I* Arranging; 'to
Equip Steamships- and Cam \Vlth
; ''; Refrigerating; Apparatus. .
, '.WASHINGTON, /Aug. ; 19. "-- Chairman
Shonts ; of ; the* Isthmian^ Canal? Commis
sion ] has* gone to) New : York : to Varrango
for; , the -. equipment ('•of* some; -of ithe
steamers \ and \ railroad - cars ? belonging
to 1" commission ; with \u25a0'refrigerating
apparatus. ;3; 3 It j Is . the ' putpose; to : insure
an, adequate supply "of fresh meats 'and
other i staple "foods^ to*l the • employes: 7 on
the* entire '\u25a0 line ; of i railroad ; between ! Co
lonv and :' PanamaVduring^ the ':, ''construe-'
tion^of the } Panama ;canal." : \;4; iT ;; ; :\u25a0'•;.; -\u25a0\u25a0;.*
Co.U.ucd o. Page 2«, Column 3.
;;i WATSON VILL.E, Aug. 19.*— This V morn
ing- atHhe ; end »of ', the;;.wharf >at;. ; Port
ja i quantity;/ of--, female; ?ap«
parel,': arranged '; as 5 though placed \ there
, byj a .woman * had 'disrobed 'to . bathe."
was t found^ byj Chief * of ? Police^ Rassette."
The -clothing "was "i this Cevening.' identified
as c that ? of :i ßuby ;'• Chas'e^'aVglrl 'i sixteen
years; of Tage,! whose ; mother ;thte rmorning
received '\u25a0 af letter^ I rom^ herY statins? that
by j the i time ; she ) received - it f she \ (Ruby) ;
Ovould^be 1 dead:?: ; .;-;;.;-;\u25a0. ;;,;;£.- . :, : : :.-:^^
MOItO NATIVES PARADE
BEFORE TAFT. PARTY
WILL CARRY FRESH MEAT
FOR THE CANAL' EMPLOYES
Garments of \u25a0 Sixteen-Year^
Old Maid on
Wharf ; at^JPort Watsoiiville
Clothing Is Found on Wharf
and *;3lotiier EeceivesJ Note
iii Which Suicide Is Hintei
GIRL MAY HAVE
ENDED HER LIFE
WAUKEGAN,' 111., Aug. 1 9.— 1n con
nection with ' the announcement recently,
made by John "Alexander Dowie at Zlon
Ci ty that hereafter 'j all faithful 5 members
of . his -church \u25a0 who marry v must { have : his
written consent or' else the marriage" will
not -be recognized ( by: the church, lt ; de
velops that" the J'first apostle" , has gone a
step farther and means to direct to a cer
tain extent the matter of Zlon's' birth." v :
' Dowie has always expressed admiration
for J President 'Roosevelt j and has 'always
opposed race-suicide" to ; the* | greatest, ex
tent possible,' although? he .Is the father
of but two children.,- Now, however. In
order to Bhow how he feels on; the matter
of race suicide, -which he touches upon
frequently in his sermons, Dowie has is
sued, a command^ that every couple -mar-,
riedt in* Zlon i shall \u25a0 lead .a > little lamb to
the baptismal oht each ' year; : ' •:
1 One child a year is to be the -rule, and
from now on t it; will be necessary. only
to ask a man how longhe has been mar
ried to know, the "exact size of his family.
:fJA'4thorough 'T search jCofljthatf pbrtlph ; pf
the jute' 1 mill, where -the -murder;, was c'om^
mltted \f or '"the *, weapon* and' ; a . search , ot
, the "(entire- mill : for, bloo~d-stalned
I were madeswith* : no «result.'?\The'' closest
interrogation' by the : officials . could , throw
noHlghtfon'thecrlme/^Vv'- \u25a0\u25a0:,'. ."\u25a0 ,-. -^, ,-^V
-r*Wardea /•.Tompkiris y'notifled •.'; jcoroner
Sawyer,? who*; impaneled ' a- jury , in i San Ra
fael and brought'- theTmembers'to .the prls- J
ohriwhere the;inquest I was:held."^Dr.\W.Tj.
Wickman ] performed t; an ['autopsy',; on^the
remains * and testified ,- that , Clark's ". death
.was 'caused j by* wounds In' t he ; back of J the
head *; made -.'With ' *a J hatchet j or j some : such
weapon, i '\u25a0* Several ;^ witnes'seß * were ", exam
ined,' ibut^ the' Jury y was-/ unable -to • learn
committcd'Jthe'deed.^andxbrought^in
V* verdict j thati Clark s came^ to^liis ; death
by 'I blows "'\u25a0 with p a." '.sharp !\u25a0: instrument I de-
;;« SANr QUBNTIN,- *Auf . ; 19.4-Whlle Mat
thew Peter | Clark, . a t third-timer, ; who
served 5 his \u25a0 previous'; terms in : Folsom and
this prison as Peter Edder (alias Dutch
Pete), was- sitting. ln a chair bathing, his
feet In v a bucket of water *in \u25a0 an alleyway
in ; the iVJute mHI i^thls "he^was
dealt three deadly blows on the. head with
a" sharp "weapon", probably -a hatchet,- .» He
died In . the ; hospital * two \u25a0 hours • later. ':\ ':
> A' convict who had' occasion to go to the
alleyway.f discovered |: Clark": sitting ?in ;the
chair; v his head bloody and ' a "pool of fresh
blood on \ thej floor.\ He \u25a0 informed * Jute '• Po=;
liceman" p'rury' Reynolds.' > Clark was still
alive; \u25a0 but i.'unc6n'scibus.\' ..'Reynolds '.had
"hlm.;tBJieh^tq^t'hV-hospit^,*.;' m whefe'.;-Dr!i
Casey i found ?' two • gajs.hes" j on ; the , back ; of
his '\'k head. ','•\u25a0 \ HeY passed .:;' away, £ about'? 3
o'clock (without ''regaining \; consciousness.
The aim of the Western Pacific is' to
run a branch from Its mainl ine about
twenty miles from Reno into- this city
and connect with the Virginia and
Truckee. which will be extended ;to
Tonopah. The Western Pacific already
owns the Boca and I.oyalton road. .
RENO. Aus:. IS. — There is a deal on
for the purchase of the Virginia and
Truckee Railroad by the Western Pa
cific. The negotiations have been* in
progress for the last two woeks. and
it is learned on authority well up -in
railroad councils that the first payment
is to be made in a few days.
The Western Pacific has been anxious
to secure a Hue into the mining dis
tricts of the southern portion of the
State. The Virginia and Truckee, Vvvith
a terminal at this place, runs to Vir
ginia City, passing through the capital
of the State and already commanding
a large business. From Mound* House
the country Is level clearinto Tonopah
and Goldfleld.
"'*'\u25a0> "There (is: not thcsllghtest r d6ubt that
the .depression" is caused', by, the tunnel,"
saldifingineer,; E.; C. , Shankland to-day.
.'.•Thei! building's - settled " during
two* ; days '.%; and*'; then <'•. cracked. .The
shiftlrig;of ithe soil \belowithe building
was 5 caused,\ I • am - : certain;, by f '• the •- cut
ting.^ofta 'twenty-foot drift "from the
tunnel Into Qulncy street,* near Frank
1 In' " J Tr*S!^£fl§E^^
:>"- Shankland ; was one *of the^ commis
sion appointed by the. Mayor: to: Investi
gate -the ', assertions ',• that* the • safety : of
downtown -I% buildings;.: ." Is ;, seriously,
.threatened -i»,by; -: -conditions T .brought
about" by s the tunnel j' construction -.un
der|tfie'downtown district.
/CHICAGO, Aug.;; 19.— Alarm for th«
safety "of business buildings In 'the
downtown: district of Chicago was giv
en ; fresh impetus to-day, when expert
engineers 'declared that the" depression
of the dearth • above the tunnel at the
southwest' corner J. of * Marshal Field \ &
Co/s •' wholesale* house/ is positively the
result? of i tunnel '-, excavation.'.- v ....
;/,,This! depression; has; caused the ex
treme .corner of j the " immense \u25a0 and solid
stone . pile > to - crack \u25a0 and the corner to
lop; off- toward ; the • street. V The . damage
is v estimated ''at ; several thousand " dolt
lars. and experts; have been
summoned*. by /Marshal : Field \u25a0'& Co. to
make a- report' showing what the cause
of the : damage : is. ;In case the
excavation T has j been -at • fault.: suit to
recove* twill probably be jln
stituted"at i fonce;^ ,^ /i^ .: : •;_ : •
Special Dispatch to Tb* Call.
Special DUpateh to Th» rtmi^
-;., ;. , .','. : . . ... \u25a0 \u25a0'-'
.. ..-•\u25a0..•>.. _^ \u25a0 * ( . ..
SjmcUT. Di.pittch to Th«.C*fl. v >
Trying to Get . Control
of the Virginia and
Truckee Road.
"One Child aTear J> His
Order to Married
Converts.
Pound Dying in a CHair
in the Prison Jute
Tunnels Under Chicago
fe Streets Endatiger
COULDS WANT
TO PURCHASE
NEVADA LINE
ELIJAH DOWIE
WARS AGAINST
RACE SUICIDE
OLD CONVICT
IS MURDERED
WITH HATCHET
CITY ALARMED
FOR SAFETY OF
BIG BUILDINGS
The accident was witnessed by other
automohilists. who succeeded in rescu
ing tho five occupants of the "Walsh,
machine, not. however, without great
dliflculty, due to the fact that all the
members of the party were lying be
neath the heavy car. The water in th«
creek was not deep, and to this circum
stance is due in part the rescue.
Walsh, who was 18 years old, was
not instantly killed, but died soon
after he wai taken from the water. It
was learned later that as the automo
bile crashed over the bridge his head
came In contact with an Iron beam.
The occupants of the car were on
their way to attend a luncheon given
at the Clambake Club near Eastern
Point by Mrs. Clement C Moore. Tho
accident happened when the car. a
forty-horsepower vehicle, was speeding
rapidly down a hill. The Injured wers
treated temporarily at near-by cottages.
Physicians stated that all probably
would recover.
Vinson Walsh was the son of Thomas
F. , "Walsh of Washington, the million
aire Colorado mine owner. He .was 13
years of age and was preparing to enter
Yale University in the fall. He was a
polo enthusiast. His father recently
purchased 'a string of polo ponies for
him.
Mrs. James Kernochan is well known
as a cross-country rider. She came hero
from Hempstead. Lul.,' recently to visit
her : mother-in-law. Mrs. Kernochan's
husband died about two years ago.
1 Herbert Pell Jr. Is a close friend of the
Walsh family.' and, like Vinson. was pre
paring for college. ' ,
Harry Oelrichs ' is the son of Charles
\u0084W. Oelrichs. senior member of the New
i York firm of Charles W. Oelricha & Co..
' bankers and brokers. The young man's
I mother is the Newport woman who was
robbed of valuable jewelry early in tha
summer.
"Miss Evelyn "Walsh is tlBt 18 years of ag«
and popular In society circles. She is an
enthusiastic r tennis player. This season
i 3 the ttrst^the Walsh family has spent
at Newport/ : . ;" ' :
.The Dhysician .in attendance said , that
Miss Walsh sustained a common fracture
of the ; right thigh. Mrs. ? Kerchonan and
Harry Oelrichs ? are ? suffering f severely
from shock. Herbert Pell. appears to be
the** least injured and "• to-night was able
to be out. ' f '
\u2666WASHINGTON. Aug. 19. — Vinson
Walsh had lived with his parents in this
city - for' the last seven years. : He ; was
13 ,_ years • of -age and - was very popular
I with the young people of the best society.
Herbert Pell Jr. of New York and Miss
Evelyn Walsh, sister of the man who
was killed. The automobile, which was
driven by younsr Walsh, struck the rail
ing of a bridge spanning a creek near
Eastern Point and plunged into tha
water.
Then ensued a long distance conver
sation between the President and the
Russian envoys, the message being
transmitted through Secretary Barnes
here and through Assistant Secretary
of €tate Peirce at Portsmouth. The
Until the present time President
Roosevelt has refrained from any ac
tion, even by indirection, that might be
construed as interference by tha pleni
potentiaries. He announced at the be
ginning of the negotiations that neither
by word nor act would he participate in
the proceedings of the conference, al
though he made it perfectly clear to the
envoys of both Russia and Japan that
he would be ready at any time to assist
them in a proper way in the great work
which they have been designated by
their respective Emperors to undertake.
In anticipation, however, of failure
of the envoys to agree upon certain of
the articles which they had agreed to
consider and in expectation that he
might be appealed to by the one side
or the other before the conclusion of
the conference the President has been
In communication with the great neu
tral powers. His purpose was to enlist
their support in a final effort to secure
en honorable peace. With King Ed
ward be communicated because Great
Britain is a practical ally of Japan, and
with President Loubet because France
is the nearest friend of Russia. Ger
many, too, was appealed to and Em
peror William is exerting his Influence
for peace.
PRESIDENT APPEALS TO JAPAX.
Through Mr. Griscom. the, American
Minister at Tokio. the President also
has been working, but it cannot be
vj^certalned whether his efforts have
Tieen directed toward a reduction of the
demands of Japan or not. It is sur^
mised, however, that be has urged the
Japanese Government so to modify its
terms as to render it easier for Russia
to accede to them. Embassador Meyer
also has been in communication with
the St. Petersburg Government.
Baron Kaneko, a confidential repre
sentative of the Japanese Government
in this country, has been keeping In
close touch with President Roosevelt
since the ceace negotiations were •in
their inciplency. For the fourth time
in as many weeks and for the second
time within a week he was in confer
ence with the President last evening.
Neither he nor the President would dis
close the nature of their interview, but
it Is slgniucent that the Baron had
scarcely started for New York before
the President's interest in the negotia
tions at Portsmouth became active. He
sent a long and important message. to
Mr. de Witte and Baron Rosen. Secre
tary Pelrce's reply to the message was
communicated to the President by tele
phone from the executive office In Oys
ter Bay village.
Baron Rosen, Russian Embassador to
the United States and second V)f the
Russian Emperor's envoys to the peace
conference, was with President Roose
velt an_,*our. late this . afternoon at
Sagamb"re Hill. He came to Oyster
Bay by invitation of the President, not
merely to discuss with him the situa
tion, but to have presented to him by
the President a proposition which, it is
hoped, may solve the differences which
have arisen between the plenipoten
tiaries of the two Governments. After
his conference with the President,
Baron Rosen left immediately for his
summer home at Magnolia, Mass.,
where he and Mr. de Witte, the prin
cipal Russian envoy, expect to spend
Sunday. Neither President Roosevelt
nor Baron Rosen would discuss even
in the most general terms the details
or result of their conference. The Em
bassador will present the President's
proposition to Mr. de Witte to-night
and the likelihood is that it will be
transmitted to Emperor Nicholas.
CRISIS TO COME OX TUESDAY.
v On the result of Its consideration will
f^cpend the fate of the peace confer
- tnce. It Is not improbable that before
th« envoys meet next Tuesday morning
It may be known with some degree
of definiteness whether there in to be
peace in the Far East or a continuance
of the war.
OYSTER BAT, Aug. 19. — President
floosevelt Is exercising every particle
of his great influence to prevent a rup
ture of the peace conference at Ports
mouth. He is engaged in a supreme
effort to induce the envoys of the bel
ligerent Governments to compromise
their differences and reach an agree
ment that will result in a "just and
lasting peace."
In this effort he has the active and
cordial support of Great Britain/France
acd Germany. Tremendous and world
wide pressure is being brought to bear
upon the Governments at St. Peters
burg and Tokio to not permit the Wash
ington conference to fail of affirmative
results. It can be said that there is
ground for the hope that it will not
fail.
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING,'
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— RelalonB- be
tween the United States and China are
rapidly becoming acute of : Interest to. the
diplomatic corps in Washington. ..While
not actually "strained,". it ; appears 'likely
that they may become so by : reason 'of
the ' representations \. recently! made to
China by this. Government concerning the
'boycott- against American products. ."
. It seems plausible,: furthermore, -that
this may have been the President's;rea
son for objecting to" the 1 proposed visit of
Miss- Alice Roosevelt to Peking.' r Whlle
there seems, to be no Imminent; danger of
a repetition, of the ' BoxerY: trouble such'
as threatened all the foreign' legations in
Peking several '^ years.: ag6,"4th.e "I present
j time' does ? not'' appear to^be* exactlyXop
: portune" for-.a 'visit of ; the
daughter to Peklngi "whefe.VasJannouriced
In a Call dispatch/- she was' toXbe^recelved
by. the Empress' Dowager, of China./ i V : * ~
t-Presideijt>pfips<veltiis?anxlous . tb^hav»
lt. known thau.H\l«*ri^trlht4pde > dyt^atrfW9
daughter" shall/ visit 1 Peking*at^ih^?itfnfe,-*
but; that;, she v will? return-.. lo'^tnV? United.
States • Secretar'y^Taf t's,party; '- ..;'; t
When shown to-day, a Jreport \u25a0 fromfPe^
king,- that' China -.had ibeenjlhforine'df'by
the .United.' States : that : all ; negotiations \u25a0 of
any'new Immigration' 'treaty.;: would '^'be
entirely suspended until . after; the -boycott
had been .raised - and 'thatjthe:" United
States would hold China] responsible for
any. loss -sustained thereby,;, -Mr. Adee,
Acting Secretary of State, 1 said: he knew
of no such notification.', There is reason
to believe, however, that ' representations
approximating those reported ~ from , Pe
king/ were recently made. The" negotiation
of the new treaty has been at a' standstill
for months— ever since the | Chinese Min
ister rejected what the State. Department
considered the most liberal; form, of treaty
it could sanction. Mr. RockhM.' hoped to
take up the negotiations at -Peking, but
has not done so yet. - i
President Roosevelt has thrown his
Influence against the contemplated sur
render to .China of the 'concession for
the construction of the Canton-Hankow,
Railroad now ;' held by : the China-Amer
ican Development ; Company, controlled
by J. P. Morgan. ' A complex situation
has thus been developed, for one of "the
last' acts performed" by Elih'u"R6ot"tie
fore he became Secretary of State was
the drawing of a; tentative agreement
for the surrender of the concession \ for
$7,000,000. Mr. Root was then "acting?
as : lawyer for Morgan.- That financier
Is under no obligation to stay the deal
because of Roosevelt's views, .-but iJ, a
conference 7 between the two \ at Oyster
Bay recently had a marked temporary
effect on the> situation. -1n... certain
quarters It Is being asked : [ ls President
Roosevelt trying to hold' ; up the 'surr
render of the concesslonl-ln^ brderV,to
bring China' to time iln .the- matter^ of
the anti-American boycott?;^; '{\u25a0<- \.-.:X'
" China Is as ? anxious , to? get back the
control of : the railroad; the;. American
company never built as Mr. .Roosevelt
la to see the boycott against American
products |gf raised. • \u25a0,> On } both sides g the
problem- Is not quite within the grasp
of the reepectlve governments. ; In i re
ply to representations from "Washing
ton, the Peking Government: has prom
ised to assert "\u25a0 Its Influence \u25a0 against i the
boycott,^ but : ; has i pointed;; out' that ji t
cannot compel Chinese v merchants -to
buy American > products f. if : they r don't
.want ' to. Mr. : Morgan has -already, ten
tatively consented -to sell back the rail
road concessions to China.;. .- "* • ' >
Special Dispatch to ' The Call
Crisis in Conference
to Be Reached on
Tuesday.
Canton Hankow Railroad Con
cession May be<Soldv;
'Back by Morgan^
Boycott Trouble: Stops
Miss Roosevelt's
Peking Visit. ;
Change in Attitude
of St. Petersburg
May Result*
Baron Rosen Is Has
tily Summoned to
Oyster Bay.
United States au!d
China Near a
Rupture.
Collapse of Negotiations May be Prevented
PORTSMOUTH, Aug. 19.— All hope that the peace negotiations may yet be saved
from a break on Tuesday is fastened to the proposition which Baron Rosen is bringing
from President Roosevelt to M. de Witte. This proposition concerns only Russia's
position. If approved by the Czar, it will be presented by M. de Witte on Tuesday.
RELATIONS
ARE GROWING
STRAINED
PRESIDENT SUBMITS PEACE
PROPOSITION TO CZAR.
The Call Prints More News Than Any Om
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— '•Prince Otto/*
CENTRAL. — " Land of th« Midnight
Sun." M»ilne«. ,
CHUTES— Vaudrrlll*. Ma.tln««.
COLUMBIA — "Mr*. Wlggs of tha C*b
bac» Patch."
GRAND— "Arrmh Na Po«u«." Matlna*.
ORPHEUJl— Vaudeville. Matlne*.
TIVOU— "Rob Roy."
THE WEATHER.
Forecast m&£* at 6&a Francisco for
thirty *oor» ending midnlrht. "Au
gust 20:
San Francisco «jsd vicinity — Cloudy
Sunday; troth aoathirest winds.
A. O. MeADEE,
District ForeausUr.
PRICE .FIVE CENTS.
FORTY-EIGHT: PAGES— SAN, FRANCISCO, SUNDAY,; AUGUST 20, I&Oo^PAGES ;> 25 : TQi36.:
VOLUME XCVIII— NO. 81.
Automobile Carries*
Vinson Walsh to
His Death.
Four Prominent So
ciety Folk in
I Of I— i 11 I*l
VwCl I AJ U.l L.
XETWFPRT, R. I.,' Aug. 19.— Vlnson
"Walsh, son of Thomas "Walsh of "Wash
ington, was killed, and four other prom
inent young' members of the Newport
summer colony were injured in an auto
mobile accident here this afternoon. Tha
Injured include Mrs. James Kernochan
of Hempstcad. I*. L; Harry Oelrichs,
The San Francisco Call.PIOXEER WOMAN' DIES.-r-ilri..,iy>lia
Hart, a California pioneer woman, passed away
at her home,, USA Eleventß street, yesterday,
at the age of "2 years, e-he leaves two broth
ers five daughters " and one son.*-" Mrs." 'Hurt
came to this State by way or the/lathmua of
Panama.. *'?\u25a0..*"<-. \u25a0>\u25a0;-•- -..-.'. ' ..-..\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
\u25a0 PORTSMOUTH, NY' H.', | Aug.' 1 9.r-Mr.
de Witte returned to' ; the* hotel at 8:40
o'clock showing enthusiasm over what
he called- a : : "day off,"- saying \u25a0 that for
a long time he had not enjoyed so much
and had not adniiredtan', equally, mag
nificent and luxurious After
Period of Recreation.
Chlef Plenipotentiary Enjoys His Brief
American Embnssador, With Wife and
Daughter. Will Vlwlt Conntry Home*
of EuKllsh Friends.
LONDON. Aug. 19.— Whitelaw Reid,
tin- American Emfcassador, and Mrs.
and Miss Reid, have gone on a three
wr-eks' tour of the country houses of
their English friends and will make
part of the journey in a motor car. The
first visit will be paid to the Earl of
Dartmouth at Patchell House, Wolver-
WHITEI-AW REID AXD FAMILY
START OX AUTOMOBILE TOUR
ham, arid the next to the Duke and
Duchess of Somerset at Maiden Brad-;
ley, Bath, where they will stay until
Wednesday. Mr. and Mrs. Reid, imme
diately on the conclusion of their round
of visits, hope to entertain at Wrest
Park, the beautiful estate of the late
Earl Cowper. Bedfordshire, which the'
Embassador recently leased. .• '.-..
\u25a0 » \u25a0
TORONTO. Ont.. Aug. 10l— The International
Typographical Union cloeed .to-day with a de
termination for an eight-hour day. The execu
i tive committee was authorized to arrange 'or
a conference with the American Newspaper
Publishers' Association. . .f .-, a' •*"•
JAPANESE READY FOR BATTLE.
Army Aw nit's the Termination of the
Present Rainy Season.
PEKING, Aug. 19.— While the Japan
ese and Russian peace plenipotentiaries
have failed to arrange an armistice dur
ing .their '. "negotiations^' the weather is
enforclng^an effectual/armistice for the
month 'of- August. ,:\u25a0• Operations on a
large scale by either army are impos
sible at the present time, and the'sltu
ation probably will be unchanged for the
j next fortnight or three weeks.
! .. .The Japanese army was fully , prepar-
France Will Demand Satisfaction From
.Morocco, Bat Win Make No Naval
Demonstration a* Humored.
PARIS. Aug. 19. — The arrest of an
Algerian merchant by the Moroccan
authorities occasions sharp newspaper
comment, accompanied by reports that
France is about to organize a naval
demonstration at Tangier. The For
eign Office totally denies any such
demonstration, but it Is the firm Inten
tion of the Government to demand sat
isfaction of Morocco. ; ,
ARIIESTOF A^T ALGERIAX *
MERCHANT RAISES RUMPUS
sions of the Douma, with the exception of
the executive session. These reports may
be made public with the approval of the
President ef the Douma.
DE WITTE TAKES A DAY OFF.
LONDON, Aug. 19.^ — Baron Kayashi,
the Japanese" Minister to Great Britain,
said to-day:
"If the Russian Government does not
Instructits plenipotentiaries to concede
the indemnity clause the war will go
on. This seems to be the only clause
not agreed to .in principle, but ample
compensation -must be made to Japan
in one form or another.
"When the Japanese entered the con
ference they made the statement that
they were *not 'bluffing.' It will be
found In the end that they have, not
been." . \u25a0 " . ' .-: ;
War Will Go On.
Runala Must Concede Indemnity or the
KOMURA IS NOT "BLUFFING."
TOKIO, Aug. ID. — The weight of pop
ular belief, seems to anticipate and be
reconciled -to the failure of the, peace
negotiations; at Portsmouth. The' Jap
anese public resolutely .. supports the
demands relating to reimbursement for
the expenses of t.e war and the cession
of Saghalien Island, and evidently pre
fers a continuance of . the struggle to
the acceptance' of lesser, terms.
The press and others are urging that
the Manchuria and Vladivostok cam
paigns be vigorously- pressed and -also
the seizure | of Russia's .possessions : on
the Paci..c coast. \ . -.. . -
The : rains > have ceased and' fighting
in Manchuria soon .will, be possible.
Reconciled to the Expected Failure of
the.. Negotiations. \u25a0 •
TOKIO DOES NOT EXPECT PEACE.
three "provides that the Douma can be
dissolved by the Emperor before the ex
piration of the term of five years and new
elections ordered by imperial ukase.
Paragraph four sets forth that the
length of the sessions of the Douma and
Its •'adjournments during the year shall
bo! determined by the Emperor.
Paragraph ten provides that the Presi
dent of the Douma shall report to the
Emperor.
i Other paragraphs ' provide that in case
of dispute between "the Cabinet Ministers
and the Douma in regard to bills, the
Emperor shall have the final word as to
the disposition thereof.;. '
The oath to be taken by the members
Is as follows: "
"We promise to perform our duties to
the best of our knowledge and ability,
in all loyalty to his Majesty and mind
ful of the welfare of Russia."
Paragraph forty -one debars the public
from • admission to: either. the. general or
sectional sessions, but gives the Prestdent
of the Douma the right to aumit repre
sentatives of the press to the open ses
sions. .Another clause provides for the
preparation by sworn stenographers of
reports of* all sittings of the general ses-
j Except among -V the . "extreme radicals,
who had made up their minds in advance
to i be. dissatisfied, and in the reactionists'
camp, and, among others of extreme
views, who .believe the Emperor has sur
rendered; far too much in' creating an as
sembly, public opinion is slow to crystal
lize, as trie -outlines off. the. .new Institu
tion are too broad and too complex tobe
grasped and understood on- a first survey,
but the indications are that the
wiil be popular. . The manifesto .had-; a
very good effect, as the, revolutionists and
other agitators had been that
the Emperor had no intention of carrying
out the promised reformist *,; ,\ T r- --"
The principal comment .heard ;• to-day
concerned the omission, of Poland from
the ! electoral statement, but it wafe ex
plained that this was owing tothe differ
ences in local organization, on which the
scheme of suffrace is based. The Em
peror has intrusted the elaboratior».of
measures to supply the .deficiency in, the
other provinces of the empire, where the
system of local organization is irregular,
to a special commission under Count Sol
sky of the Committee of Ministers, with
Instructions to; have a report ready in
time to permit the participation of all
parts of the empire in the first elections.
Besides St. Petersburg and Moscow, the
manifesto- and accompanying documents
were jj published • simultaneously, in \ other
governmental centers and are now known
throughout the. length and breadth of the
empire.
The text of , the document constituting
a Russian Parliament discloses .many
points of especial interest to foreigners en
joying constitutional' government. Safe
guards for tha^ maintenance of the auto
cratic power; of- the ' Emperor . crop; out
continually .In ,the course .of the. lengthy,
document. ; Although the (members are; to
be elected for a five-year term, paragraph
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 19.— The Em
peror's gift of popular. representation was
received quietly and without special man
ifestation by the 'undemonstrative ; Rue
slan people. A stranger in St. Petersburg
would have noticed only that the crowds
in j the streets were carefully reading in
the newspapers the long columns of the
manifesto and the details of the project
as. they, walked home from church. :
WARSAW, Aug. 19.— The promulga
tion . to-day of thf plnu for n national
ussciuhl.v, wblch overlooks the rlffhts
of - Poland, ' vu u»r«l " v bad -. impretitilon
here and n seneral strike, which U to
begin Monday, It is feared will be made
the \ occanion for exeeitctes. -••4'-*-?> -».'-vo-:
(Trantiiig of Popular Kepire
; seiitatipn Is .a Blow to
I Kevolutioiiary , Agitators
EMPEROR'S GIFT
PLEASES SLAYS
Determined Sot to Pay or
".'\u25a0'\u25a0 Rellßquinb Sasrbnllen. /z'
si 1 , Petersburg; /Aiig.- 19.— as' the
time approaches for the playing of the
last-cards at' Portsmouth thero'ls mani
fested j here among certain high . ofJßcials
and , by-' the press and .Hhe; public the
uamisnakable; conviction - that l Russia
will^notr yield' on the points of paying
an indfitnrilty.' as such, of of absolutely
ceding Saghalieti , to Japan.' f - '
ErnpenOr^Nicholas the day previous to
the announcement of. the;new national
assfcmbly.was firmly, resolved: that; he
would not I accede'; toi the Japanese de
mand oh. either of these points and the
reception by the people of the assembly
project' has done much to strengthen
him in that "resolutlonr
/To-day, as at the beginning of ; the
PoVtsmou th negotiations, the conditions
relative to .the cession of Saghalien and
indemnity, are Universally.' declared- to
be' lmpossible of. acceptance. '. *
C7.AH WILIi XOT RECEUEL
President invitedyMr. de Witte to": send'
a trusted envoy, preferably Embassa
dor^ Rosen, -to Sagamore Hill In order I
that he might .present: to him for; the"
consideration of the Russian mission a
proposition of the highest importance.
The invitation of the President was ac
cepted and the details soon were ar
ranged.
, ROSEXJSVISIT TO.OYSTER BAY. i
Baron Rosen, accompanied by Prince |
KoudachefC as his secretary, left Ports
mouth early' this morning. He went; to!
Magnolia, Mass., the seat of the embassy!
during the , summer, \u25a0 thence to Boston,
where he boarded a limited; train for New
York. At 2:50 o'clock this -afternoon the j
train made a special" stop. at New Roch
elle, N. V., where Embassador Rosen, and
the Prince left it and boarded the naval
yacht Sylph,; which the President had dl
j rected to be sent to New Rochelle to con-
J.vey the Russian envoys. to Oyster Bay. j
1 Bearing Baron Rosen" and his secre
tary, the Sylph entered Oyster Bay and I
cast anchor below : Sagamore Hill at 4:17 !
| o'clock. Five minutes later the.. Presi
i dent's callers were en route in the
j Sylph's motor boat to the J. West Roose- j
! velt pier. As he landed Baron Rosen was
! almost brusque in his refusal to discuss
his mission. They entered one of the
President's carriages, which \ was await
ing them, and were > driven to Sagamore
Hill. They remained with -the President
about "an hour. At the conclusion of the :
conference, while i Baron Jlosc-n still de- !
clinod to talk of his visit, his demeanor
was changed absolutely. His face was
wreathed in smiles and; his manner -was
quite genial. -The. interview evidently had •
been. entirely satisfactory to him. |
-, The Russian visitors "were conveyed to]
the Sylph in the motor boat and . shortly, j
before 6 o'clock the yacht weighed an
j.chor and steamed out of-the bay. Her;
destination; was not disclosed, but it was •
supposed to be some point on thfe New I
England coast where Baron Rosen \ and
Prince Koudacheff might catch a train
,that would enable them to reach Magno
lia to-nighf.
' MAT OPEN AVAY TO PEACE. v
President Roosevelt said this evening he
would not discuss in any way his confer
ence with Baron Rosen. The intimation
conveyed by his remarks was that pub
: licity at this moment might imperil, if
not wreck entirely, the negotiations pend
ing. The President would not indicate
his opinion of the result of the negotia- \
tions. •" : I
It is quite evident from the trend of
events to-day, which made. Oyster Bay •
for an hour the center of the peace pro
ceedings, that the Russian envoys are
now in possession of information that
will assist them materially in- concluding
an agreement with the Japanese pleni-j
potentiaries. \u25a0 ' . . j
It would be futile to speculate as to the
nature of this information or as to the
charcter of the proposition the President!
submitted to Baron Rosen. But it can be
| Baid that if the conferees, after commu- .
j nicating with their governments, are able -j
j to proceed with their labors next' Tues- •
! day without a rapture it will be due to ;
j the finai effort made tor-day by President \u25a0
• Roosevelt. |
cd. for,' a general -before ithe \u25a0
rains began and probably will give bat
tle quickly with ? its whole strength 'as
soon as the* country; Is ; sufflci^ntly * dry.
in the event that the peace negotiations
fall. '. IC";-;? J- r v \u25a0«-',,: :.;'..-.y:/:.-:\i . •:.;;:
Great reserves of. supplies have been
accumulated V by. the vJapanese ; at ; the
front andat , Mukden, v ; T TiehHiig and
other base depots.^:/ . / \ : ,
The army, is in^lietter; condition than^
ever^befjjrMfor^w^rit^&Ttfßjheaclth of
the troops'tJiroughout 'the summer has
been kept^at a .high; standard and the
percentngeYjof -sickness ,has been
below thatt)ftlife;«ame period last- year.
having, left this "morning In an?automo
bile, he and Colonel Samoyloff took an
ordinary carriage at. % Salem, \. .whence
they employed : one i hour and a half to
reach Mongolia, /going through, ac
cording.-" -to" Mr. t *de . words, -/ "a.
succession Yof splendfd,: varied, pictures
which can ' stand "comparison with any
celebrated sea" drive; in the world."-'£*-
\ Mr. de Wltte, remarked that his call
upon Baroness Miss Rosen had
been most- refreshing and that his ob
ject, to secure a' day, of complete recre
ation, had been most- delightfully ac
complished^'" . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0..-. \u25a0\u25a0--\u25a0' ;'•!
Continued From Page 23, Column 1.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELJ STEPS Ih 'TO * PR EVMNT COLLAPSE
OF THE RUSSO-JAPANESE PEACE NEGOTIATIONS.
THE SAN, •FRANeiSCOvCALIi*. ; .:STINDAYy-;;AyGUST;:;2p:.' 1905:
26
i o LiiG omoK.cTS: or -
AMERICAN HAVANA CIGARS
* '\u25a0*"'-. ' • .
An imitation of "• ; ;
Is being placed on this market.
Examine your AMERICAN
CIGARS carefully, and .see that
the name of E. Regensburg <Mi>
Sons is on every band of your cigars.,
1430-1432-1434 MarKet Street
1 . In the. heart of Oakland. j These eight things combine to make
2. Street cars risnftihg through it. the New Oak Park Tnwjb ulnique.
| Three mmiite^to This is a rare ojiportunity M the
home-builder or the invest You
a wr . ?- j »i \u25a0-. it- . ran ffpf. full information about* me
4. Water, gds, sewers and sidewalks^
5. Many beautiful^alt trees. _ I °a fc^^^^^^^^^B^i
6. A wooded strewn. i>eautifcl pictures and an artistic
7. A sylvan boulevard. booklet at the San^Francisco office,
8. Raistic bridges. [;/^6;;;Pb^i ; '^fe!^v.
1212 Broa<dway> <)akiand 20 Post Street, San Francisco
Ageiit foti Choice Residence Properties. ; Piedmont a Specialty.
A PASTOR^CURED BY HHHHU*
Rev. Swanstrom and i |lJ^ff«j l
5 Mrs* Daiton Have ill1 1 ] j , 1
FaitH in Pe-m-na> '^i&y j
The Catarrh::" 1 ; Remedy of fffillfi I rar j I
National Fame. 4U : \ [ f^f|j^tt^
From East and West Come/] H '
Words of Praise From Those ! ligg So^i|H if]
Cured By.Pe-ru-na. Illfl : 1ll!-EHfflHJ[*
W y : a^^^P^^^^^™M^ : " '^ pleasure to let you know that I am
chronic diarrhoea and catarrh. > I
: j, thank yon. for your directions how [
gfptaßl Sgh !to use Peruna, and for your kindness !
I^S^^^gjMpßW|JßßHm| "/ have used Peruna' according »
WmsMßiizMEK^M%- jifii '1 to your personal directions and I J
mfflflfflk •' £&mi am very glad that I found a mcdl- tft
laik, \u25a0- : .--'- :^ : .^p|B cfae wnica would cure me after ; V
three years of suffering." • '
. ( »•\u25a0•>»>>•»»\u25a0 \u25a0«»»«»•"«>>\u25a0»»>' l
| I REV. P. E. SWANSTROM. A 8t " B <> s ton. Mass.. a wellknown. tem-
'-,¥\u25a0\u25a0 «- v \u25a0 «r perance lecturer, writes: , .' -*
•^\u25a0"^"\u25a0^'\u25a0"^"\u25a0\u25a0i^iiM.iiMßi^BßMMJP "For -years I have suffered with bll-
CanilOt Be TOO Thankful tO Pe-m-na. Peruna. and I have not" been m troubled
Mr. Christian Wenger, Slgsbee, Mo., wl * n b»»ous colic since using it."
writes- A reward of $10,000 has been deposit-
"l cannot thank you enough for re- f d in the Market Exchange Bank. Co-
storlnrg my health. lam satisfied that 'umbus. Ohio, as a guarantee that the
I am rid «f my headaches. I have not above testimonials are genuine: that we
experienced a return of them this win- hold ., ln , our Possession authentic letters
ter." certifying to the same. During many
AT n ™»«n,ni T : nn Lr.« n « TIoAA years' advertising we have never used.
1 empSrailCS LeCjUrer USeCI in part or In whole, a single spurious-
Pa°Y»n tig testimonial. Every one of our teati-
rc ru-ua. moolals are genuine and In the words
Mrs. Evelena A. Daiton, 363 Fremont I of the one whose name is appended.TWO NOTED WOMEN .SPEAKERS A.YD TWO BRILLIANT DIVINES OF THE ' CHRISTIAN CHURCH WHO YESTERDAY RE-
PORTED WONDERFUL. GAINS IN \u25a0\u25a0 THE MISSIONARY FIELD BEFORE THE GREAT CONVENTION OF TEN THOU
SAND DELEGATES NOW HOLDING ACTIVE ,DAIL.Y SESSIONS IN SAN. FRANCISCO.
. Transportation*of fruits! and vegetables
in j a vacuum is said |to J have- been j tried
successfully.byjaT California inventor.;
BOY-RUNS OFF WITH $20 — Harry.Ganncn.
a 17-year-old boy, of 856 Mission street, .was
standing on the corner, of Jacxson and Kearay
streets yesterday.'>'when''he ..was '. approached
by; Alexa-ndef Shoos, who ;• was" under ; the In
fluence, of liquor, .and. who snowed him a }W
gold . piece. Gannon : grabbed the ' twenty and
started up Jackson street, with Officers Coulter
and Stetener In pnrsult. He was captured- and
booked on a ' grand larceny charge; , - \u25a0
teur , and professional talent in- this
city. Among those appearing: . are < the
ever popular M.- J. Hynes, the ifamous
Grace sisters, specialty artists;'^Pro
fessor D. > Boffa,<.the famous violinist;
Mme. Boffa, soprano; Miss ;Kathleen
Marphy, specialty Miss /Mildred
Bertram, elocutionist; Mr. J. Holland,
comedian; '"'Miss ' Genevleve \u25a0 Doyle,
George Hograrty, Miss Effle Barnes, Miss
Gene Hathaway, Miss DoUytTurner,- Leo.
Kane, T. Cadegan and J. O'Sullivan. . .-
The executive committee appointed at
the Hast meeting of 'Irish-Americans held
at the St. Francis Hotel last week had
a final meeting last evening in the Phelan
\u25a0building to perfect "-the details for the
reception of William \u25a0 Redmond, the Irish
member of Parliament^ ' on his expected
arrival next \u25a0 Monday ! and '• for his enter
tainment-during' the week.- 'R.,C. O'Con
nor' presided.' ' , 'j. nere "were : present Jere-' :
miali' Maloney,' John" Mulhern, James V. 1
Coleman,; Patrick ;Broderick," Captain TJ
F. - McGrath, Thomas Mahony," Colonel J.
iC. O'Connor and, William Crpnan..
- It pis --possible r-f that, the '.Ventura, - on
which ; Mr. and Mrs.'; Redmond are com
ing, 5 may . have , c to go into quarantine, . as'
she was held up at Honolulu, the steward
having 'contracted smallpox. In \u25a0 case of
delay, the programme may ; have to be
abridged, as Mr. Redmond has dates filled
ahead mtwo different cities.' beginning at
Salt Lake,' ' August 30. To cover any such
lapse' Friday and .Saturday next have
been left open." On arrival of ; the steamer
the : special committee will, assemble ,at
the wharf and Mr. "and Mrs. Redmond
will be escorted to their rooms at v' the
'St. Francis. '.; Tnere the "Irish ladies will
give them a cordial welcome to California-
Tuesday the committee will meet at "i the
St.- Francis at 11 a. m. • and . Mr. and Mrs.
Redmond .will "be given an automobile
ride through the park, with lunch at the
CliffHbuse; and return by the : Presidio.
On : Tuesday >vening, at 8 o'clock i, there
will. be a reception, at the . St. Francis.'
Wednesday the committee will again meet
at the St. Francis. at 10:30 and, with the
visitors, proceed'- to Clay-street wharf,
where they will take McNeill's launch for
Sausalito; there . to ' board 1 Mr. Coleman' s
yacht Aggie. for a sail around the bay as
guests of Mr. Coleman. Wednesday even
ing Mr. Redmond will: deliver his ad
dress on ; lrish affairs • at Lyric. Hall,, 121
Eddy street, to i which the public are cor :
dially invited. There will be ; a brief mv :
sical programme of Irish ballads by Mra.
Madtien, Missr Rose ,Broderick; and J. V.
Hughes. . Thursdaysthe party will visit
Mount Tamalpais.. It will assemble at the
St. Francis at 10 :30 , and take the '< 11 a',
m. \u25a0 boat j and the members will be . the
guests of Mr. and Mrs. . M. M. O'Shaugh
nessy at luncheon at the tavern. Thurs
day evening at 7 o'clock Mr.; Redmond and
the committee will: be by
James V. Coleman with a dinner. During
the absence of Mr. Redmond at some, of
these affairs Mrs. Redmond will berthe
guest of the ladies' committee. Friday
Mr. Redmond will . accompany Joseph S.
Tobln to points of interest and there will
be a theater party in the evening.
;- ..\u25a0--\u25a0-:• .- \u25a0'. — — — — \u2666 •\u25a0 :\u25a0 -
Reception Plan and Schedule
;of Entertainment Are
-Determined by Committee
PROGRAMME ARRANGED
William ' Redmond, Member
- of to Receive
Ovation on His Arrival
WILL WELCOME
IRISH LEADER
Continued From Page 25, Column T.
MILLIONAIRE'S SON KILLED
WILL HOLD PICNIC.— Th« fifteenth annual
excursion and picnic of the Tyrone.:-'Fer
managah, and Donegal Benevolent Society will
be held at Shell Mound Park. Sunday. August
27, 1905. The committee of arrangements Is
as follows : John P. Daley, Hugh McLaush-
Un. Felix Gorman. James McLafTerty. -Peter
Tamony \u25a0 John Deveney. Andrew McCarron.
Henry Rlley. Patrick Hurley. Joha Qulnlan
and Bernard Gorman.
Music at the Park.
The following programme will be
rendered at Golden Gate Park to-day:
March, "Listen to the Biff Brass Band"
(Dave Reed Jr.); overture. "Hungarian
Lustspiel" (Keler Bela); waltz, "South
ern Roses" (Strauss); solo for cornet,
"A Request and the Reply* (Marie
wald), George- Pachecho; grrand . fan
tasie. "William Tell" (Rossini); over-
"Tannhauser" ("Wag-ner).^. — Inter
mezzo, "Pagllaccl" (Leoncavallo),' b —
"Idlev/ilde" (Gottschalk); piccolo- obll-
Louis Neubaurer; selection, "Sho-
Gun" (Lueders) ; % Coronation March.
MOLTEN ;. METAL-. CAUSES BURN&—
Thomas ' Cronln. SS4 \u25a0 Fourteenth '• street, ' an : em
ploye 'of ? the Pacific • Foundry. - was burned on
the hand yesterday by a ladle of molten metal
spilling s on • iU\ He; was ' sent 3 to i U»e ; City; and
County Hospital for-, treatment. -"•»' ' -*•-. . -
Auto Cause of Fnt.nl Accident Near San
. liiil* ObUj>o.
V SAN LUIS :. OBISPO." Aug. 19. — Four
members of a family ; .were ' badly In
jured -/and a \lfttle boy was Instantly
killed^this faf ternoon on Cuesta : grade,
near thisVclty/ by ; the"overturning of a
wagon, the .horses attached .to which
were* frightened by, an automobile^ the
property 1 of H. C. Tllden of 2626 Cali
fornia street: Sun Francisco.
; /.The automobile Avaa going down the
grade and ; suddenly ) met William .Doty
arid family, who were traveling by a
four- horse 'wagon from Imperial to
Pleyto, in Monterey County. The team
wheeled ;around/ and. as it did so Doty
losV the lines "and 'fell; off his ~seat.,".The
other : members , of,: the family, fell out
as the'tcanVran, and at a turn 250 yards
down :the r grady;the;; wagon' turned over,
crushing- the. life out , of young Doty,
!who « had - remained In ; the v wagon." Mrs.
Doty .. and ' her . mother .were badly^ in
jured,; and a babe "and : Doty escaped
with severe; bruises. ..-
IV. The "chauffeur, is^ not held accountable
-by; Doty, 'who \ says ; that "on his trip -he
, met as many as sixty automobiles in one
, day. place* of meeting Is very^dan-,
'gerous.r. The ' Chauffeur j brought ! the ; in
jured \ family ' to ; town and .; at - once sur
rendered fto Sheriff Evans.
ONE KILLED) FOUR HURT.
He" and hlsfslster, Evelyn were the only
children," the : latter being about 16 \u25a0 years
of age. ''^Sti
;-\u25a0 As no. member of :. the. family is In
'at; present: nothing can be
learned \u25a0asl to • the" funeral arrangements.
Rose to Enter Michigan Again.
. CHICAGO. Aug. 19._ Ralph Rose,
champion shot-putter, will enter Michi
gan University this fall, according to a
, letter received to-day by E. C Brown
of the Chicago Athletic Club from Rose,
who. wrote from Seattle. 'Rose declared
he had made peace with" the 1 university.'
To Aid Church of Nativity.
On Tuesday evening next another
grand entertainment will be given, for
the benefit -of the Church of . Nativity
at its hall on Fell street, near Franklin,
by ' the I ladies jj of St. Anthony^s | booth.
On this occasion there will appear some
6? the' cleverest and most popular ama-
Yesterday's sessions of the workers of
the Christian church of the world were
marked by Intense enthusiasm and re
ligiotia vigor. The culmination of this in
tense real took place In the afternoon,
when the 2000 women in attendance at the
meeting of the Christian Womens' Board
of Missions rose en masse and pledged
themselves to see to it that $100,000 was
raised outside of the regular sources of
income by the one hundredth anniver
sary of this body, in the year 1909. State
delegations arose, one by- one, and offered
their «upport, and when Indiana, Ohio
and Illinois 'promised to furnish a total
of $45,000 of this fund the applause reigned
for five minutes
The Christian church convention is a
noteworthy one in every respect. All the
brilliant stars of the organization are
here to tell of their experiences and to
plan work for the future. Nearly 10,000
people are in attendance— a remarkable
number when the distance from' head
quarters is noticed. Young missionaries
about to' start^ on soul-saving Journeys,
old missionaries' with strange tales of for
eign lands; pastor* of a thousand flocks,
congregational representatives from every
part of the United States, all are here to
work- for the advancement of the Chris
tian church.
$130,000 FOR SEMINARY.
A feature of the morning meeting was
the announcement made. by President H.
D. McAneny of the Berkeley Bible Sem
inary, who stated that his institution had
been offered a gift of $10,000 by W. L.
Porterfleld. a wealthy telephone capitalist
of Los Angeles, provided $20,000 more was
raised from other sources. The announce
ment was greeted with cheers, and Presi
dent McAneney assured the assemblage
that he would not have the least trouble
5n gathering together the extra amount.
With these two sums the total endow
ment of the Berkeley Bible Seminary will
be $130,000.
At the afternoon session the Woman's
Board of Missions re-elected the fol
lowing officers: President, Mrs. N. E.
Atkinson; vice president, Anna R. At
water; corresponding secretary. Mrs.
Helen E. Moses; recording secretary,
Mrs. Anna B. Gray; treasurer, Miss
Mary J. Judson; superintendent of the
Y. P. W., Miss Mattie Pounds; resident
members of the board — Mrs. Effie Cun
ningham, Miss Mattie Burgess. Mrs. R.
K. Syfers, Mrs. Alice Sidener, Mrs.
James Tilley. All these officers are
from Indianaplois, the headquarters of
the board. During the session reports
were read from the committees on
evangelism in the United States, on
yonng" people's work, on India, on edu
cational work in the United States and
South America. These .reports all
showed a great growth in all branches
of work and satisfactory financial con
dition.
MISSIONARIES SPEAK. .
One of the features of .the exercises
was the presence, fit many foreign and
home missionaries. Each one graphic
ally recited the conditions, in the field
which had embraced his efforts. The
following were the speakers: Mr. and
Mrs. Louie Hugh, Chinese missionaries
in Portland, Professor A. B. Button,
missionary among the poor whites of
the Southern mountains; Miss Clara
Case, worker in Mexico; Miss Mary
Kingsbury. from far away India; Mr.
and Mrs. Ernest Gordon, India; W. J.
Burner, Argentine republic.
At the meeting of the General Board
of Foreign Missions Society J. W.
Allen, a prominent cptton merchant of
St. Louis, presided. He is the presi
dent'of the Business Men's Association
of the Christian church. In the report
of the secretary large financial gains
wer« : shown. Seventeen .new mission
aries "have been sent out "and an addi
tional field secretary has been placed.
- Another branch of these general mis
sionary societies, the American Chris
tian Missionary Society. " met- yesterday
afternoon and decidea against the con
solidation of the Board of Ministerial
RelicT and the National Benevolent
Association.
In the evening the Young People's
Society of Christian Endeavor met at
Woodward's Pavilion. The gathering
was led by National Superintendent
Waggener of Kansas City.
ADDRESS OF MRS. SMITHER.
Mrs. A. C Smither of Los Angeles
made the principal address of the
afternoon. It was entitled "Embassa
dors for Christ." It follows, in part:
"The tllustious apostle Paul, desiring
to convey to the church at Corinth their
feplrltual obligations to the heavenl:
kingdom, used this beautiful and force
ful language: 'We are embassadors
therefor on behalf of Christ, as thougir
God 'were intreating by us."
"The position of an embassador por
trays very clearly the Christian's rela
tionship to the divine kingdom.
"In the first j lace, it is a position of
honor; so when God calls us into co
operation with himself in the adminis
tration of divine affairs he confers on
us great distinction. With every honor,
however, there goes a corresponding re
sponsibility, and as embassadors *of
Christ we assume the same obligations*'
that- Christ himself sustains to the
world. The Lord Jesus came into the
world to seek and save that which was
lost; so upon Individual Christians falls
the sacred task cf proclaiming the gos
ptl.
"That we are the personal representa- ;
lives of Christ in advancing the causa
of righteousness is plainly demonstrated
In his own words to his disciples while
on earth, 'As the. Father has sent me;
so send I you." When a man is appoint
ed to diplomatic service the duties of
his office are purely representative. In
all matters of International import he
must suliserve the highest Interests of
his. country.
"Just so do Christians, as spiritual
cmbassadors. stand betAveen Christ and
the world, recor.cfllngr It to God.
"Tnen. a&aln. to be an embassador of
the Lord's klnerdom means a call to the
highest service that God can require.;
The evangrellzatlon of the world Is the
noblest task of which the uiliid can con
ceive, and at no time In the world's his
tory have the opportunities been so
great for the propagation of the Chris
tlan religion.
"The progress of human events Is
binding together all the nations of the
«jarth Into one great family. The United
States, being placed between the two
great waterways of the world's com
merce. Is afforded superior advantages
for reaching the heathen nations. The
recent victories of Japan afford another
opportunity, for Japan In the future
will hold in her hand the destiny of the
Far' East. Bound to the. Anglo-Saxon
race- by the ties of sympathy and re
spect, she Is peculiarly susceptible to
the teachings of Christianity.
"But, however great the opportunity,
.the unevaugrellzed peoples of the earth
can never be redeemed except by the
prayers and efforts of a united-Chris
tendom and the personal sacri.ico of
consecrated m en and women. The-path
way of individual sacrifice has been
giorlried by the feet of many loyal mis
sionaries and heroic martyrs, but to us
Jn the less conspicuous walks of Ufa
comes the same call to heroic service.
Let every Christian be faithful \ to; hl3
God-Riven mission of saving the. world
for Christ."
GHRISTIfIN CHURCH :C@NVOMTION Hfls NOST ENTHUSIfiSfIC DRY
DELEGATES PLEDGE $100.000 FOR THE CAUSE OF THE MISSIONS
THE ;SAN; V .'.FRANCISCO. \u25a0'GAiLL, \u25a0ISUNDAY^AUQUST ; 20 ? Ll005..
27
XEW PUBLICATIONS.
is the date of the eclipse of
the'sun an interesting story of which
, under the title of " How Eclipses
I are Predicted V by Ppof Davio
) V Todd. Director of the Observatory.,
J-Amherst College. Mass.. appears in
the September issue (out August
10tn>. of The Technical WORLD
Magazine This article and twanty
others of equal interest should prove
iwitjoot question that
' 10 cents a copy at all news «tands
\u25a0\u25a0i Take a copy home and "get the T. W. !lf. '.
?. habit.". FßEE— We will mail you. f-e«of
iCharse a cooy.cf tlie Sepiember i*sne for!
- the r.ame and address of a news dealer who .
• do*** not handle' .
THE TECHNICAL WORLD MAGAZINE
.3323 Armour Ay«.. CHICAGO. ILL.} -
;/3§J^^^^^^S^^^3 Don't fail to send inyour rhymes forthe Mother Gooses Contest; 1 . \u25a0' '
You. may be orre of the fortunate ones to win the, $200.00 in GOLD." * I^^^ 1^ J !
*%'\fc ~ty'// >\^M Send your rhyme to Mother Goose, care Cordes Furniture" Co. ' '"" V^^^g^jpi^wtj^^^
WHMzii WBBm ow Mother Hubbard, she rubbered and rubbered, -- . iO^m^ff^f K /ifW\
m>,5% 'fMMgtir*,* And all of the signs she read; *X/~ LJtt fU H^lMk
f%s Till she cried: Look there: . Cordes^ Store on the Square; | A^^g^^^
©fe^^^S |pp Where your' credit*' is good. "Nuf Ced." ; ;,; f^T^r'ifc^^^
Hall Class j™,; Bulfet . Jg^p^||,
y^ r^°-^^r¥^^^^tg^ JJ — > bevel plate mirror. Price C 5 02 shaped bevel plate mirror; highly . > &^/(m^ -''s^' 'Pfil
WW^m^^^^^^- &0.C3 polished. Price.... MTCn. 1 1
Aw%®WsN@tiS£BL-. Pedestal. Golden oaU, weathered. . ...:v. : . ....::...... - ;^' .^. ** W^rW^WMik \u25a0
\u25a0 MpvlfK^^^^p "- Wl . -highly p r oiished° sa "- on Dinmg 'Table Q« artered . °. ak -. f^^^^^^ff ff
iKP^M^ I^l 3-Piece Parlor Suit a hog- 6 U ft} e dra\ v . Prlce.T.' $11.75 Wm £|§^H j( "
is!ied frame: upholstered in fig- China Closet Quarter - sawed J^^^WJ^^l
1} iW^i^M steer spring. -Price.. , ish;; .. shaped sidcsj.ffij 2S ; - *§*sl|li&r^
PP ' C: (IrARPFTS IJBHi
\^^^^i^^ii^^ 3 This department. will appeal to^ -'the most, artistic taste. A large lj|£p|||||iffl|P^||l
K^ffl&Zsf^iiv^t %'// & Pitin/i M/iHm>v Good fresh fiber; effective colorings; 3 de- IWy^Sk.p'^r — -^--^-^
3^ :: >^i "^ ••••- '.••• , .'T • ASJSs^i'w .\Aw I
W&&&sA}p' 'ft ''&$& \u25a0\u25a0>\u25a0 I.PACC 1 /irnot .Inured -or, green effects; this "floor covering ' • ~- |J ml \u25a0j; - ; — i¥fTT r^^ ' !
MssMa "&. \u25a0 / '^'^i '-VlflW V-f«l |JCL i s suitable for .'country homes or . wherever Va> - : ' . ]> || |[| t \ ±'gm!l \ i W/-/f '\u25a0
WMIB&r!M7/if ii,&r%')*\ -t good, "durable carpet is required: . Very artistic. Per yard Vfl'tT,^ A* \u25a0' .\ II ilil \'±TM/&>\'f' M
«** SHl»a!!™ S< SI • '•'••'• "•'••\u25a0,•'• .......;;.... ...... .............. **JC f#^ylU|||| \- l f} Ml jW' l :Wj
$M%Wm& &M jflsjfo PoofiACC RriiCCoic A «rpet that will give years of sat- ' *MWgMmi ll'M- I:
TOV^^<^i^^j^ .*CCriCSS. prUSSeiS "isfactory wear; ' comes in Oriental Ji^^^^hW''l/>¥'\-
\^ms^iffitV&?* ! fe = ffll \\ and Persian designs; patterns that are suitable for any SL^\/Lf\ ; /'// /// |'.| :
)\]Bs&zii-^sJ%il!~!C^^l/1/ room in the house; with or without borders. Per yard *** / 2i\* \u25a0\u25a0fj^ssy? '-* r g-.--- -yi | ; ~ZUI—uJII '<'> \u25a0*£?** \u25a0
'^^T^^W' Rrif QQpIQ WPfIVP RllOr Size 27x6o 'inches | in, 2-tone; and: V^^^^SE Wf\\ $ iWi Ji - ///
/'{(SS:^4J : ??Sj!til»" H^^^A^ \u25bc\u25bc CU V C *VUg mottled effects ; a. good 'OC - \ ' ; < "f VW* '
"'\^- '%. ~-$£ j$ u ±. \ }/jfjj reversible rug; artistic in t coloring; made to wear. Each, . . O<JC lp-:s'ii %^yt !^^om
\ I^^^^^S^^|j< f/Hf Qmtrrna Diro* In Orientar designs; size 27x60 in., d*"| ':' üß| mWStBnJSmf^W
iSPS^S^SBSSSSwjff Ollljrllla IVUg fringed both ends; reversible. Each <P 1 .ftj Q H M*\j& |^M ( |
ilSWWul^^M^U AC T NTS ?OR GRKAT M \JiST!C R AN r.KS ' ' W lilflftlMMßr
, s .__— ,'. : ..•'. _-„._. i '"i^Mni- -— ' -\u25a0"*—- --"-\u25a0'- ".'.'.* T '-'-.I- ''.-'-• I.'.'. __^___Jli^rJil'i^l^Jll^jiL— J^lj^^^ .^»^ _ —^__'"' \u25a0-\u25a0- \u25a0 ."''-*.'''-'•*' " : '^'|' : T: * ' ' *'.' ''" ' • ' '•*
M (^w % T \u25a0 *a *JBBHWB«^3^TB(9PI!J^9 fir T* ¥• T
m Wl & 1c Ji • Mrj'vMtLxim m i WHDMtu>ria el i If Ji I ' 1
V-A SPECIAL SALE OF
JBEAUTIFUL .^NEW' 1 ' CHECKED :
• New S FulTfop U Sloe r es -^ m
' Wllft&Zmzt Swell Lace Vest Effect Oi A h\\
Tucked down front M .
•^^S^^^^T Waist trimmed with buttons f
. Evsry ccrvi and every stitch I__6S
' '^^^i^^^ ' ' •\u25a0 f*"?^* latest fads In th« new " ™
,; ,'. . "-.., ]w^Hni 11 latamn s^l«s, • SPECIAL \u25a0'.".
•^ -^sl^^^i Came in from New York Friday
ijwS^^ E§§^si?rjk r - S. Livingston rushed these
J^fe^^^^t^^^ Sl! i ts out from New York especi-
05*1?^^ V^^^^^w. a Hy i° r t^'s sa ' e - There is prob-
i^^^M^^%^^^^^ ably enough in the lot to last until
JrtXZ- Tuesday, but the value is so great
i g|gi§i|?|£ " that they will go very rapidly.'
Mn£§g+&% t Sl§ They are really swell little suits,
§gPsS%g?{| #B£\ and' if they -are worth anything.
they're worth $20. The picture
gives a fair idea of the style, but-
.\; , ' . * - '*'. that is not all. They are of par-
ticularly, fine taffeta, and unusually .well made. The checks are both
medium and small, and theycome in brown and white, green and
white, blue and white and black and white/
IMfcW ARRIVALS Yo « ought to see all the new things we've
" ~ — been receiving in the suit department. Some
of the swellest garments. that have gone out of New York this
season have been 'received by us. Mr. S. Livingston went East
especially to select \u25a0 novelties for autumn'wear. Among the new-
comers of last week are:
nBr> t i?» ht ' flt ,U n S Broadcloth Suits at «30.00. $3540, $45.00 and $48^0.
Prince Albert Walking Suits at $20.00
Fancy Eton and Tuxedo Suits at from $20.00 to $50.00. /
OUR GREAT $1.50 BBOADCLOTH
A New Line Special]/ Purchased Fop Introductory Purposes
We use it as a leader. As 2 broadcloth wouldn't give any better)
service; in fact, it is one of the finest lines of French Chiffon
Broadcloths we have ever seen— s2 inches wide and exceed- 4
..ingly fashionable for full suits, long coats, etc. A vich, lus-
, trous cloth of splendid weight and in a grand line of the]
- v .hew": autumn colorings, such as
New Blue Gobelin Tana Browns Champagne
Navy - Reds Grays Reseda Garnet
Black: Cream Myrtle Purple Old Roue
Broadcloths will be. greatly worn this Fall, and now while we of-;
fer this -leader is the time to select and purchase. Special,"
$1.50 yard.
1 Imported SilK Finished Henriettas $ 1 - 00
Imported direct t from Germany, a rich, soft-finished "*yd.
i material which will be much in vogue this \u25a0Winter for fancy
and street dresses,' waists, tea gowns, etc. THis fabric is new :
and will be very sjtylish — 46-inch, in the new shades of
Browns Blues Grays Tans Lavender*
Gobelin' Reds . Purples .Reseda slyrtle
Old Rose Murnon Cream Black Etc.
ANOTHER FLANNEL SALE
You all remember the. great sale of flannels we held several weeks aso—
what crowds attended and what great values we gave. Well, the sale
to-morrow will even eclipse that great record — we have
some sensational values and propose to beat the record la every way.
Regular 35c Scotch Tennis Flannel on Sale, yard 2 8c
A great value- — something you should not overlook, for 7c a yard Is
'•'worth saving — an absolutely non-shrinkable . tiannel containing Just
enough cotton to. avoid 'shrinkage and increase wear — stripes fig-
ures, checks, solid effects, etc.— a splendid fabric for waists, dresses
\- j v p . men's shirts, pajamas, etc. .. : ;...*.'. .-USc speciai
New German Eiderdown Flannels on Sale, yard 25c
Another, remarkable special — afresh, new line Just unpacked Put on
; special sale simply to draw a crowd— of medium weight — 30 Inches
wide and in all the most serviceable and desirable shadings fancy
figures, dots and scroll effects — Just the thing for wrappers, waists
;__ kimonas, etc.—^n immense line 125 c speciai
Figured FiannefcUes; Special \u25a0 I |)j P 10c Bleached' Cotton Flannel, 7lp
Fleeced back— 36 inches l/o * C..UI |a.U
wide— fancy and, Per- I£\u25a0 *7d opeCia! , |?-
slan design*; — also stripes and A fine, firm, thick quality.
dots — all colors — a beautiful with a very fleecy back 28
.flannelette, that 'will give good inches wide and full of wear
•wear and absolute satisfaction — — you'll be surprised when you
This Is a very special price. see how really good it 13.
COTTOK HENRIETTA QOp PUm BLUE LIHEH Arp '
Here is a special that / II U "Alice" blue/ the blue / H "
Zei^^VrT c^olTe Vine'; " and L J Td.
too, and an excellent quality ? et so hard to get — we just
—36 inches^ — in received our third consign-
JVavy Royal Pink ment— Alice blue Is a plain
Brovrn Black light blue of a very delicate
% This Is a durable satin finish- shade this fahrlf ha« h»»r,
ed cotton cloth of great wear- snaae— this fabric has been
ingquallties — washes beauti^ very scarce this year and we.
fully— used extensively for would advise calling Monday,
children's' dresses — solid col- as there may be a big rush
ors. .. . for IC.
§3^*.. See.To-Day's Examiner and Chroncle for Our Creat. "^JJ
Sale of Laces and Shirtwaists. '
: '-\u25a0 \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0*'> \u25a0''. .. MAIL ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.•:: KNIGHTS OF TARA.— For several y«ars the
Knights of Tara' have been prominently Iden
tified :\u25a0 with the Irish societies ' of \u25a0 this city on
the grounds ;of * advanced nationalism -In tb«
Irish - cause. It . has given , many festivals and
socials, but no puhllc balls. At the last meet
ing -It was decided to hold a ball aad Native
Sons' Hall»> Mason street, has . been engaged
for .Saturday; evening 1 , Beptember 23.:- An
executive - committee was chosen— John
O"Kcne, Stephen MeGurk. P. H. Flynn. O.
P. CKellly. M. J. Hessian. John Burns. J. P.
Hare, John Creedon — with full power to act to
make this first public entertainment a very
enjoyable : one. . to the ; ruests and a credit to
the enterprise or the society. ..
FRESNO. Aug. 19.— Crased with re
morse for. having struck his young wife
while in an intoxicated condition, Paul
Orazlch, a laborer, committed suicide
to-day In a Fresno saloon.* After tak
ing' a drink at -the Grazich sud
denly drew a razor from his . pocket
and, with wild yells drew it across his
throat again and again, cutting through
both hia gullet and windpipe and near
ly severing his head from his body. He
fell to the floor and expired In a few
moments.' '. . -'
Fresno Laborer, Stricken
With Remorse, Cuts His
\u2666Throat in Saloon.
ENDS LIFE BECAUSE
HE STKUCK HIS WIFE
. District Attorney Bylngton received
the 'following dispatch from R. V.
Whiting, his assistant, from Victoria, B.
C, yesterday afternoon:
"Collins committed for extradition.
Judge renders clear and able -opinion
sustaining prosecution's points. Col
lins says" he will take habeas' corpus
proceedings. Shall I remain?" .
.To; which the District Attorney re
plied: Ji. "
"Congratulations. Use ' your own
Judgment about returning."
v A ; dispatch was "also received from
I* M.; Langley,\Chiet at Police at\Vic
toria, addressed to Chief Dlnan, as fol
lows:
-"Collins, committed for extradition."
Local \u25a0 Authorities Notified.
VICTORIA. B. C.. Aug. 19.— George D.
Collins, the lawyer who fled from San
Francisco on July 9 when, on trial for
bigamy and who waa arrested here on
July 12 at the instance of the San Fran
cisco police on a charge of perjury, was
commuted for extradition thla mornin*
by Judge Lampman. The prisoner can
not, : under th« law, \u25a0be surrendered for
fifteen .days and In the meantime will
appeal/ He gave . notice this morning
that he will take habeas . corpus pro
ceedings before another Supreme Court
Judge, two having already refuted to
issue a writ for his release.
- - Judge Lampman, In committing Col-
Una for extradition, said he could not
entertain the prisoner's contentions
that perjury was not an extraditable
offense. As to the alleged contract- of
marriage . with Agnes Newman in 1888,
followed by: the religious ceremony^ of
188 9, when it was alleged the name of
Charlotta Newman had been placed in
the records by mistake, Judge Lamp
man said the evidence of the'prosecu
tion was so' complete that be could not
accept the .evidence of Collins. It was
at variance with that of all other wit
nesses, and:J.'J. Groom, court clerk of
San. Francisco, had sworn* that the In
dorsement of the names "George D. Col
lins" and "Charlotta' Collins" on the
back of the marriage' certificate was In
Collins" handwriting. _ -
It was not alleged that he was one of
the many alleged conspirators, and it
was remarkable, if Collins bad then
married "Agnes Newman, as -he alleged,
that he. should write the name of her
sister Charlotta on the wedding certifi
cate. t The evidence v waa sufficient to
warrant that the prisoner be extradited
and It was his duty_ to \u25a0 notify the ac
cused that he would not be surrendered
for fifteen days. .'
Later it was announced that Collins
will take habeas corpus proceedings be
fore Justice Duff of the Supreme Court.
He Is seeking to be placed In the cus
tody of the Sheriff Instead of being con
fined In the common jail pending the
appeal. —
Lawyer Gives Notice He Will
Immediately Apply for a
Writ bf Habeas Corpus
STAY OF FIFTEEN DAYS
Victoria Judge Holds That
the Crime of Perjury Is
an Extraditable Offense
COLLINS MUST
FACE ACCUSERS
KILLS WOMAN
AND HIMSELF
Pasadena Man Takes Life of
Watsonville Girl in Oregon
and Then Ends Eis Own
BOYS FIXD REMAINS
Tragedy Ends Illicit Love
Affair Between Two Cali
fornians in Webfoot State
Special Dispatch to T5» Can,
PORTLAND, Aug. V— Boys to swim
ming in the Columbia River to-day found
tho bodies of a man and a woman on the
river bank just above the Government
reserve at Vancouver. .Wash. Pap«rs oa
the bodies show them to be those of E.
tt. Swartzel, of Pasadena, Cal.. and Mrs.
Lena May Clyce of Watsonvllle. CaL
The man had evidently shot th« woman
and then killed himself, a* a revolver
with two empty chambers lay beside the
bodies. In the man's pocket waa a card
of Pasadena Lodge No. 672, B. P. O. E..
and a note, which reads: "We are Elks.
Will Portland Elks take charge of us?'
Swartzel came with his wif © to Port
land about three months ago. Hia wif»
became aware that he was very Inti
mate with Mrs. Clyce. who was working
in the East Side Telephone Exchange,
and before leaving the city commenced
proceedings for divorce. Mrs. Swartzel U
eald to have rone to Riverside. Cal.
God's truth often Jumps man's track.
vTHEISAN FRANCISCO. CALL, SUNDAY/ ; AUGUST 20, 1905:
NORFOLK. : V«u; * Aug. '=. IB.— Hon.'i Henry; St.
O«ocge ' Tucker,' dean |of | tho ! echool ?of i law > and
diplomacy of: G«ors«towh UnlvemHy ,«hft9 '.been
unanimously -"\u25a0 elected i president I of •" the^" James
town s Exporttlon ; Company; by the : board ' of <JK
rtctom. \u25a0; •* "' t -' ' ' '"'\u25a0 .' * ' ' ''- - ' "
- WASHINGTON,' Aug. ; 19.^-Nayy, or
ders ; ' Hear Admiral ,C. ; J.I Barclay ;Is
detached from the command of [the navy
yard J and % Btatlou i at ?Puget i Sound 5 ; on
September ":\u25a0 3.*; tq^ ' go home ; j Captain ;\u25a0
T.» Burwell . is t detached! from .the ; com
mand ; of ' the . Independence ; oh :\u25a0 Septem
ber; 5 for. duty " us \u25a0 commandant vof *: the.
navy; yard and station J at ;Puget Sound;
September^. \ :
Army y ' orders : ;;- \u25a0;• Private i. .Willis /- Q.
Loveless, Company •D.^TwentyrSixth^ln
fantry, I Fort \ Sam \ Houstorij -T^xasrg is
transferred VL to ?; the", One c Hundred v and
Flf toenthl Coiripauy. ; Coast: Artillery .^ to
b*e sent. to' Fort ltosecran* for duty; Post
CommiB?aryl Sergeant ; Joseph frFroellgh;
now! at » the ; arruyj general i hospital. - Prp>,
sidWilSi relieved • from »further.;dutyilii
tho .PnllipplheBAtb.be sent, to NewJYork
City 5 f 6r;duty: 1 Private j Martin? CT eath;
Sixty-eighth; Company, iCoastf Artillery,
now.; in : conflnement a t \u25a0 the] Presidio? Saa
Francisco,': to i' be p, discharged i'- .without
honor from th« army. for/dtsertlon. '
ARMY fAND i NAVY/ ORDERS.
:. PORTLAND, Aug. 19.— A complete re
organization of the local traffic depart
ment Of the Oregon Railway and Navl
gation Company and the Southern Pa
cific Company is announced jto go into
effect, Bepterober 1. The:, change !is a
consolidation of .the* freight; add -pas-"
senger- departments of the two lines.
H. B. Miller, at "present '- general
freight : aitent. of the Oregon*" Railway
and : Navigation Company, ; beginning
September: 1 -will be general -.freight
agent.of.both the: Oregon -Rail way, and
Navigation Company and \u25a0 Southern Pa- ;
cific Company, V and W. E. • Coman, who
has ; filled the .offlce; of /general' freight
imd passeugcr, ; agent; of the> Southern
Pacific, will .be the first ! assistant' gen-;
eral .? freight agent " ! : oor.f r . the .' combined
lines. : The second general freight agent
will be Paul' Shoup; who comes to Port^
land t torn ' San Jose, Cal.,- where ' h« was
I district " freight . agent of ; the I Southern
Pacific. \u25a0; Shoup takes the place" of H.> M. ;
Adams," who /was ' transferred f some time
, ago to the office of ; assistant . ganeral
freight agent of, thY Oregon; Railway
end Ntivigatlon Company^ at ; Seattle, f. A
new ' omceV- that^/ of assistant
general freight agent," has been created.
It will ' be filled by W. D. ; Skinner, at
present \u25a0 chiefs clerk In : the office rof R.
B.Miller.- .'.;: - : :
*<\u25a0 The* passenger department .will be \u25a0in
charge of A: U* Craig,; who,will-mi the
office of ) general passenger.; agent for
both ; the '\u25a0 Oregon Railway 'and . Naviga
tion Company and .the Southern Pacific.
Complete Reorganization of
Northern Line Scheduled
by Managers.
WILL MAKE CHANGES
AMONG BAILROAD MEN
NEVADA CITY, Aug. 19.— The Great
Councils of the Red Men and the Degree
of Pocahontas completed their labors to
day after being In session five days. Both
councils, concluded, with a raising UP of ;
the chiefs .elected Wednesday, the 'cere
monies being witnessed by a large crowd.
The Red Men finally, ..voted down ' tho
resolution to bar saloon men from the or
der. The resolution was adopted Friday
while the council sat ""as committee of , the
whole, but upon final' vote failed of adop
i tion, the vote standing^ to 47. Thlswas
a great . surprise, as it • was ; generally, be
lieved that the resolution i would ' carry.
The great chiefs .were raised up by Past
Great Sachem Josiah Sims as great Inco-
THREATENED BOYCOTT SETTLED.— The
threatened boycott of the Standard Milk Com
pany by the San FrancUco Labor Council ha»
been called off because of an adjustment of
the differences said to exipt. The Furniture and
Piano Drivers' and Helpers' Union la arbitrat
ing the trouble with the Bekins Van and Stor
ag* Company.
VICTORIA. B. C, Aug. 19.-Victoria
gave royal welcome to-day to the party
of about one- hundred members of the
California Veteran Volunteer Firemen's
Association, in charge of the president,
S. Bunner of the San Francisco police
force. Mayor Barnard delivered an ad
dress of welcome at the Central flrehouse.'
The visitors showed their appreciation by
applauding, enthusiastically.
Before th« parade started the line of
march was crowded with spectators. The
Californians presented a striking appear
ance Sn their bright red uniforms, one of
the most Interesting features of which
tvas the cld-fashloned helmet. They fol-
Special Dtepatch to Th« C*lL
WARM WELCOME
FOR THE "VETS"
LIQUOR DEALERS
ARE ELIGIBLE
lowed immediately after the band, carry-
Ing an elaborately designed .American
flag. Directly behind them were the Vic
toria veterans, attired in civilian clothes
and* wearing badges certifying to their
having seen service with the local volun
teer department. In front was the Un
ion hook and ladder banner presented by
the ladies of Victoria in 1860. Th© Union
Jack and the Canadian flag were carried
by sons of veterans.
Included in the procession was appara
tus which served to make it of excep
tional interest. The Californians drew
behind them one of the most antiquated
engines to be found on the Pacific Coast.
It is known as the hand-engine and the
date of its manufacture is 1859.
During the afternoon and evennig a re
ception committee took the visitors to all
points of interest in the city. They leave
for Portland to-morrow evening.
honee and Past Great Sachem E.B.,Wil
son as great Tokaeem.; .
The Great Council of the Degree of Po-.
cahontas decided to | hold • its 'session next
year in San Francisco '; the -same time as
the Red Men. Resolutions thanking the
people of Nevada City, for: their^hospital-
Ity, also the local bribes and councils,
w«re adopted; Gifts in recognition of the
services : rendered .by/Mrs.", Annie Bliss,
Mrs., Jennie Crase, Mrs. Bertha Brazlle,
Mrs. \u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 Ida Wheeler, Mrs. : Isabelle ; Morgan
and Mrs,' Harriet Janes wer made. Stand
ing . committees for the ensuing :; t«rm
were" named, after which" the great chiefs
iWere raised up. ,' ' t > .-
FOUND DYING
IN HIS ROOM
61-f cial Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 19.--The police de
partment is at work on a mystifying case.
Late this , afternoon the proprietor of the
St." George Hotel," not ' having seen ' one of
his ; guests, Louis Davalanne, for. several
days, tried to rouse him by rapping at his
door, - and -: failing . broke 5 his way.; ingldo.
He | found '• Davalanne . lying . in bed suffer
ing from -what appeared to be^a'bullet
woundin his left side, but thare was no
sign of blood on any of his garments and
none on the, bed. : '.
A careful^ search of v the apartment
failed to disclose any weapon whatever.
Indeed, ; it appeared that", the '• undergar
ments upon the wounded; man had been
f reshly,_ put on. He could '- not : be roused
at 6 this ' eVenlng. Upon his per»
son .was found a passbook |of the ; Hiberr
nla ; Bank of San Francisco ' showing $750
to hl« credit. "'-' _
The history of Davalanne [ appears as
mysterious -as ~ : his death. Although :he
had stopped at the St. ' George for some
months, he seemed " to * have no "occupa
tion.- Yet he : was absent every night and
slept only, in the day. Some of the police
officers "have a theory .that; he; was .en
gaged ; in the numerous robberies about
town i and \u25a0 was shot' by some - householder,
but they .: have \u25a0 nothing -to support \u25a0 thla
suspicion. fjf. '
; .The caso ; is rendered the, more j strange
to-night jby j the | statement of . the Coroner
that t the : wound ; which ; . evidently,/ caused
death -may shave; been Infllcted:by 'a'hat
pin; and not T a bullet;; A* .^^Cs^V l^**,""
.The ; deceased was evidently . a : Frenc
hman and about 55 years ; old', f 7; ; ; . | '• *\u0084;
JAILED CRlMfe#
DONE 12 YE^RS^ AG(>
\u25a0Alleged Trains Eoblier \u25a0\u25a0. and
jlurderer Behind Bars
T at^Eresno;
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
" -FRESNO, • Aug. 12-— Detective . James
Meade ; of the > Southern ". Paciflo ; to-day
placed !] in the Fresno ;Coun ty ," Jail a man
is =, wanted* for /.train"; robberies and
murder ;* committed ii twelve^ years "ago.
The prisoner^gave ;the name of William
Henry.'jbut he f i^ ; believed \to be Robert
Chester/ one : of a ' grahg- of five who : held
;UP;a]trainiat Olyphant, i ;MiSS.r.'in!l9o3.
During; the '; hold-up - Engineer ' McNally
resisted ' and rwas^Bhot to , death/? . Three
of „ robbers-^-Brady, ; ] AWyrick s; and
Mausker-"-rwere r. af terwaTd ;caught ; and
hanged^ for* the- crimed; /; .-\u25a0: : r' ._
Succeeds /Admiral ; Barclay.
i ; WASH INOTON'j' Aug. l l 9.~The«^ ; Navy
Department ihas* 'assigned : Captain ,W.-T.
Burwell fetb & the *; of Hhe 'i navy
"yard and station'at Puget Sound,- Wash.,
as | the* r«lie£ 'E-iot^i Jtear^Admiral C. J.
Barclay,^ who ;< retires ' from ?\u25a0: .* the navy
on^ September ?. . ;...-:\u25a0 ;:- ; v
: Fonrtb-Clasi* I Postmasters. .
WASHINGTON, ; Aug:.: 19.~ChanKei»
in^fourth-cJass^postniasterg:" Calif or.
nia-^-Borat^Ssin'^ Bernardino ;j County,
R.obert|l^^rkinr^vJcelWilllam : iW.\Car"
bill;"* Eubanks^Shastat County. Lucy- H.
»\Vil»6n.\ vice '- Hugo . Ehrenpf or t. . - *
28
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES.
WELCOME AVORDS
TO WOMEN.
Women who snffer with dlsordera peca-
liar to their «ex should write to Dr. Pierce
sn4 receive free the wlviee ot a physician
of over forty .years* experience— a skilled
and successful specialist In the diseases
of women. Every, letter has the most
careful consideration and is regarded a.v
Bacrcdly confidential.; Many sensitively
modest women write fully to Dr. Pierce
what they would shrink from telling to
their local physician. The local physician
is pretty \u25a0 sure to say that he cannot do
anything without " an examination." Dr.
Plerco holds that these distasteful exam-
inations are generally needless, and that
no woman, except in rare cases, should
submit to them/3ttg»w9MlHKMspip
- Dr. Pierces treatment cures in the
privacy "of . your . home." '« His " Favorite
Prescription "'" ' has t cured hundreds fof
thousands of bad cases. . It is the only,
medicine of its kind. ihat is, the product
of a regularly graduated physician. \ Some
unscrupulous medicine dealers n?ay oiler.
/S^' you a substi-
/ >v;tute. Don't
.^, :/7: /7 take it. "Don't
"'-•\u25a0 ' n»V 'trifle with
-jir-\ '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'*; .-//' i •-.-.; your health.
.\u25a0; ' CW // Write to Dr. B. V.
«fh // Pierce, Buffalo,
Wi-'l JJ N. V., — tako his
; ]|y>/j^v^r/ advice and be
'^X' Mrs. R. D/j Monfort. of
i - %gT: - ' • J>banon.- Warren Co.. O:{
j^\^r^rWn '. writes:.-^" I hare received
r\L^stn}^\ "\u25a0>' **** ' Medical Adrlser.' A
\^^/ii ,- crisp.' new fire dollar bill
'' Vs*y* l^-vf1 ) I/LP r " cotud ; not > tempt me to
1 * part with Jt**,:-
'^P^t-^N ' ; On receipt of . 21 one-
23r-; : -cent stamps, to pay coat
of mailing only, we will send to any ad-
dress a' paper-bound ! copy of Dr. Pierces
great 1000- page .book; "The Common
Sense B Medical ;/AdTi»er. M Or, for. 31
stamps the same in cloth binding. Ad-
dress Dr. E. V. Pierce, Buffalo, >. Y.
aß*^"- - The Ortftawl LITTLB LIVER
%IJ£2*St PILLS, first put up by old Dr.
iV«\\«(iTiß.W.^Pi«rce \ over; 40 years
ago. .-> Much Imitated, but .' never, equaled.
Little • pill," Little iose, but give great re-
sults iin a«curatlve way In all derange-
ments of Stomach, Liver and Bowels.
FILMS Furr
DEVELOPED! S|LL
If you have me print them.
y/%^ .Her© ar» some
v/ /£ °* m y price* for
* printing:
* xJ&.-dts -»%. 8%«3H and
?£s*sZz£*W and 8%x5%. 6c»
QHgg^r Bx7. lOe.
*^^^^^ X maka a dl »-
' count of ' 10 per
JtaP^ cent on printing orders
ft of more than 6 prints
" from each negative and . :
of not less than 6 negatives. '•
Out-of-town patrons must
• send stamps for postage.
I carry Photo. Supplies. In-
cluding the celebrated CYKO
DEVELOPING PAPER. Sam-
plfe dozen sent prepaid for 15c. .
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS %
(F. "W. PITTS, the Stationer.)
• 1009 Market St., Opp. Fifth,
' San Francisco.
WE CURE MEN FOR $12.50
\u25a0' • '"\u25a0-»\u25a0 *'" ' ''\u25a0-•\u25a0: \u25a0; * *
• _mP^^^^s^«L Reference Im \
fc -rWf NOT A DOlUr?
PT%^^ NEED BE PAiD?
jm\ v : W' till c nin.
' W« core Skin niwas^s. Blood Poison.'
Varlcocele, Strlctnre. 3fervou« De«lli»c.
Weaknenn, Plies, Platula. ll> droorle and
Diseases of the Kidneys. Bladder and'
Prostate. '
Special Plsea»e»— Xewly contracted
and chronic cas«s cured. All Burning, Itchtns
and Inflammation stopped In twenty-four
i hours; curea effected In seven day*.'
W» make no cnars» for & friendly talk cr^
corre*pondenc«. Come to us In the strletert^
confldence. We hare been exclusively treatii)*'.
•peclal diseases of mun for yean. Nothing
scienc* can devise or money can buy 1« lack-
Ing In our ofnee equlpnwnt. W» will use you
honestly, treat you skillfully and restore you
to health In \u25a0 th» shortest • time with tha J«ast
discomfort and expanse.
If you cannot call, wrtte for symptom
blanks. '
DRI HOLSMAN & CO.
Hours: 8 to 5, T to 8:00 p. m. dally;. Sunday.'
9 to 12. •
T2& MARKET ST. (Top Floor/., B. T.
/fth Perfect Fitting /fen i'
MX EYE YL
JV GLASSES <f\:
»« $2.50 c
V 642 /HarkeitSx
wsm we/\i<: aieNi
iiir**t!l DR. HALL'ri REI.\'VIGOR-\TOK
H sVH itop» all lusi*3 and unnatural JU-
m \u25a0 charges In 2* hours. You feel aa.
CM Bin Improvement from the rtrst dose.
M PPM IVe ha\-o so much confidence in our
I I'll! |L"i>l treatment that we oCer Five Uun-
PQI H dred reward for any case w« can-
«Hfc«J3K not cure. This «ecret' remedy cur«s
lo«t »ew«r. ' nightly emlaslons. wasted ortrans.^
varicocela, sleet, strictures, kUlr.ey*. falling J
memory, drains In th« urine, gonorrhea.
case of th- prostate glands and all other terri-
ble effects of eelf-abusA or txcasses. which Uad
en to coMumption and death. Positively curvs
the worst caaes In old or youn« of that morti-
fylOS condition, quickness of the discharge, and
wanting to do. and you can't- Bent sealed, 12
per bottle; three bottles, »3. Guarantee* euro
any * casa. - *
Call or addresa orders HALL' 3 MEDICAL
INSTITUTE, 835 Broadway. Oakland. Cat.
Also for sal* at 10T3 Vi Marlctt *t.. 3. B". Send
tor free book, -
am CHICH ESTER'S CNQUISH
PENNYROyAL, PILLS
I _^L"~v - • ' Origin*! aa4 Onty Cea.la«. .
> 4^"»l ** CHICttESTKK'S K.VGUSH
>» KE» »n* «*>4 awt«Jlie D««. m!ri
I^»7—^*?l wiu kta * ritkM - Tak • a* •*»«*. BtftM
\u25a0JW •% %J »*a««r»aa 9«b«Ut«cla*. «a 4 Übli»
, I* / 1 ~ ' (X tiom*. •Baj«f ;w Ur»«i»i. « Nad 4c. m
W Jf m*mr *" P»rtle»i«M. T»»llii«UU
'I W B sad '*H«H«T ft.r L»4I«*.»« MMr, »r r«-
: **_>-""' sn Vncgtra. Chl«hc.t«r Ckf.lwlC^,
Isantntatoww. \u25a0 aUtisn Him *mil±* *»A.
DIRECTORT OF RESPOHSIBLE HOUSES. .
Catalogue and ' Price Lists Mall ed oa
; Application. ' \u25a0
" _;.....-.; OILS.
XOBWCATINO OILS: UEONAHP *'EUU3.
\Vt> yyont st.. 8. F. Phon* Ma»n IH9. I-
» - :\u25a0:• FBUVTIXG. .'\u25a0
LCHUfiffIES, [fa-SSFSLik
: -^^w^ ; '^ : v^^i^^^^^^ the palace for the king. It's the thing for which men • : v\ J .:. <-:^^T^KiW/SSI
Wo^&^^^^^!^^ work and fight, and women hope. It's the thing you want and '^^^J^i^^}yu\W^m
K^"-*^^S^S^^^^< we sell. And the real home is the furniture for the home. . : '^^
fc p: WlS^fc^ Your Own Beds and Rugs and Easy Chairs, and the\-^l^^^?^.^|
||.t. t Jpp^#^ Pictures You Care For on the Walls ; That's Home. >S^B^:^
p^;s. : /I^pf^^f^/ And we'll make such a home for you upon deposits so small and payments so light that you'll Y^^-^w^'"- : *"* :^
' g^:j '^WrM^y wonder why you have waited so long. This is the place for the wage earner and the salaried
ll££~' man, and the young man getting his first- grip on success. For we are an old house/an honor- / \^§aK^-' : - : "^ll
p?:|"-; ;%jS^O able' house, and an" energetic one. And we make eyeryallowance for the dispensations of life. fS^EEv-"::.':^^'
feS:;\*"§-|f $1 DOWN AND 51 A WEEK. If you are furnishing your home take advan- CC^PA V $ 1 DOWN AND $I" A WEEK. ffi^'V/Sv^H
W&&'- 'itPK EXAMEL .V3TD nKASS BED— A beautiful tace of this offer. Regular $1.25 values.'.this J Jlj for this DINING TABLE— A 6-foot Extension EP&'£'.''.'-*j3>3H
RfeSiiK.' \' : <f&Z design. In various colors, with curvea W eek, per pair ..".;... *^ *T Table of solid, quartered oak, In hand-polish- EBgt-.' .<•;'\u25a0' 3(«9|
B^.-» ''r^^ brass top and brass sa jl°^rj 1 °^r •ot the ___^_ _^ - cd. renecting golden finish. A Table with Ejf^u; \u25a0' *'j^35M
/^&k OUR DEMONSTRATION SALE: SECOND WEEK. ;• p^feaii' brrd^^ _ '
~~ ror. Exactly like illustrntion. m *2£-"y>a***-^lfwrtCt!ilnfllll] II aWiWHlHr'tr fctin* I *^"**"^^**^^™**™™^^^^^^^^^^"^^^^*^^^™"^^^^^^^^^^"™^*"^*^*^ e!n>to morrow "I ' ~T
'. —— — Thie week end for 51 down. l*l f1. 70 . \u25a0 \u25a0 . , - \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 , \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0_,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0_: \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-___ : » '*' ' ' * ' \u25a0' '
jW^'^Wt SKEW TUBS HAER
MISS MAHMABA HENRY, KLOKKNCE RUSSELL, M^^X^^3*!S^^
8936 rorrestville At*^ CHICAGO. A*e 6 >ear», ' . "^^Ksj!!®^TvT\ ' • j
Ml»« Henry B*y»: "Before l bejan ualnr Dandertne *XsMob«wk Street, CHICAGO. MISS BSXIWA HABSELL. /
my nalr was ta'.fitwr out In rreat handbtul. and lam 61n«»i:ha«', become generally known _-_ J~V~ TZT*^JT ? " Awrr a"aal'^
•pJ«*»ed to «ay that DandcTiornot only etopped It at that Dandertne causes hair 10 prow Just- *7*» HortU 42a Coart, . CH ICA-00.
once, but has made ou" talr grow more than twice- as abundantly on th* heads of children aa a W«BB(**Sw>aHSBMp»«^PWBIIW«"«SMf
as lonr aeltever was." - . . itdc*» on those of matured persona, many Misb Hassel Bays: VMy, hair vronld not
lira. EloJee Athmon. wuie Bock. Ark.. m>s: -It truly marvelous caee« art? coming to our .i reach btrlow my waist ; when I began using
Is eurely rtroarkable tins way I>ana>r!n* Improve nolle**. Uttle Miss Ru»selL whose photo- your Dunderine. It wai also faded and bdlU-
the Itelr. It ha« made toy hair rowwi tnche« lonr- graph appear* above. U certainly one of i? the^««a«.*- -Mow Tta^wW* teet I
er to five months and It 1» getting thicker »»kJ longer unremarkable one*. -Her beautiful bair H."* * l fl ™* , f^: JtT^l\ < ,tX^l^Li^ii, t X^I^Li^i i
*U the lime. I believe in giving praise where It Is is over thirty Inches long and ber mother • "M^er luaß v ever was and v has regained
doe, and you can use n\7 name as reference If yon bay » that "DANDEBIKE GEEW EVERY Its original rich bloud color. I used the tonlo
*ode*lre." - . ' BIT OP IT." . • ••' - •\u25a0 about four months all together." , ' ':'".-. :\u25a0/
OAPfDERJNE is to the hair what fresh showers of rain and sunshine are to vegetation. It goes right to the
rootfe, invigorates and strengthens them. "Its exhilarating; fertilizing and Hfe r pr6ducing properties cause the haifi to
grow abundantly long.etrong and beautiful. IT IS THE NATURAL FOOD OF THE HAIR: SCIENTIFICALLY
CHARGED WITH NEW AND GENUINE LEFE-PRODUCING ESSENCES UNHEARD OF BY OTHER
MAKERS OF HAIR TOr^SIC. MO Wat all druggists in three sizes, 25 cents, SO cents and SIMO per bottle, f ;
C fs C C To sbow how quickly r.zndmrinm aots, we will send a larKe sample free by return mall to anyone who sends this »4 verttaenent
inUrf to the Kaowlton UanficriaeCo., Chicago, with their name and address and tea cents In silver or stamps to pay postage* .
Su2iM5Tk A D I By REDINQTON >&CO^ Wholesale Agents. | \ iW I OUNG KE.VS INSTITUTB WILL
' MEET IN CITY BY THE SEA
ber of delegates are to arrive to-mor
row evening and in their honor a
promenade concert is to be given;.
On Monday morning the council 'will
open with a high mass' at Holy Cross
cuurch.
M allce" furnishes poor material with
which to build new friendships. *
Entertalnmeßt Is Ptanned In Honor
of the Delegates to the
Grand Council.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 19.— The Grand
Council of the Young Men's Institute
opens .here on Monday. %A large num-
29
the; sXn b erancisgo gall, .Sunday;.; august- ': 2o4 wos.
Hope always helps.
He bad been arrested - several times , before on
the- same charge. -His wife has sued him for a.
divorce. -. '\u25a0" \u25a0* -.''<,
a warrantf from Pollca Judr» v Prlts yesterday
for • the , arrest of -M. ' B. Goldman, her* son-in
law/ on •a ' charge of : failure ' to provide for his
daughter, «f.« f . Edith ,Ruth Goldman. Goldman
was arrested and released on $30 cash ball;
: The ' oily /\u25a0\u25a0 hypocrite ; d oea ' not • lubricate
the church wheels. '}£SS£!BBSL
'\u25a0 * GOLDMAN FAILS ''?- TO * PROVIDE.— Mrs.
Minnie Barasch. 802 ' Stanyan ' strest,' obtained
Work soon wears out 'worry.'
that were south of
'the Park is recent history^- ir-^'^'h}':':-^-:
,The grrowtH of .the Sunset district has
been- stron'ic'andjstcady— '^ : '" ; . -\' : '. ;-T s :'. v'r " :
Good opportunities * for ' investments
throujeh Sunday Real Estate columns. .
POISON IN POWELL'S 1 STOMACH.— City
Chemist : A. : C. Bothe reported :to \u25a0 the ; Coroner
yesterday' that -he had' found carbolic ' aeld :in
the j stomach :of Arthur Powell, \u25a0: who ; died at
82S Minna street' on Augrust j 10. The chemist
reported \u25a0 further • that ha had | not I found | any
poison In the demijohn : of - wine which was In
the room at ! the time , of s Powell's ; death, t and
that :he \u25a0 was • testing i the t- contents \u25a0 of the
stomach for s other ; poisons. ,' ; \u25a0-:\u25a0\u25a0
- ': SANTA J CRUZ;; Aug. ;19.--TaxjCollec-.
tor; Helms i has ' started a | war /against
the'i blind • pigs inUhe {county. ;• v As ; a ; re-:
suit '. four,.', personsphave Jbeen ,* arrested. 1
A number %.. of .-persons, r, taking , advan-;
,tage of ;the influx 'of .visitors," have .been'
selling; liquor/ They ;:\u25a0 secured ''an; inter-*
nal license, \ but* no county s ll-;
.cense. V". v: /-:/-:: /-':/- : 'w \u25a0.'''\u25a0 ,'. •
Tax- Collector.; Oauaea;?Arreat - ; oC ; Four
Persons Accused of Evadlnt
\u25a0'• '\u25a0'"-;" . ' ; ;P«yinenl* i bc!:Llcemae.''_*
raid on the ".fblind pigs" •
-.= ';\u25a0; : ; \u25a0•' '\u25a0; in county
PORTLAND. Aug. , 19.— Fire . to-day t de
stroyed the';. Stateroom ; Inn, '\u25a0-; one ::\u25a0. block
from .the main entrance of the ; Lewis and
Clark Eposltlon.g; and ; Jin > the
death of two men, "whose .badly (charred
bodies have not been, identified. .; A numr
ber of the occupants ;of the place, In
cluding: four; women Jand two men,? were
injured and removed » to hospitals;? About
thirty persons were r in. the building when
the : fire brokeout. -'A search i ; of the ruins
revealed no {:. more Jbodles^ and { It is ibe
liev^d that only two. lives were lost.*|^^p
-•; SAN ; JOSE/ Aug. IS. I—lt1 — It is expected
that ; the meeting; of the ?; Central Coast
Counties - Improvement '.\u25a0:> Association :'* : in
this: 'city, on. August '; ; 3l "\u25a0.will'v be * r tbe
riiost notablel in the history, of ;that r ort.
ganizatlon. " t Secretary ;t Thorpe • of
wood ,~. Clty^ has ,' selected "f. the \ following
subjects to be \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 handled in papers iby
representative "'•; members: ir- "Climate -of
the,i Coast; Counties, 1 ' '-"Manufacturing
Possibilities,"..: "Irrigation : in- the Coast
Counties,'* r "What v a,'. Settler,^: Can : ; Do,','
"Poul try ,v Kal sin g," : i • "Sugar > Beets,"
"Dairying/ and {Other Industrial \u25a0 \u25a0'Open--'
sings of Importance."' ,>, > ''_ V ; :
Secretary of Coast Couhtieg
Improvement Association?
vArrahgesTrograinme. ;
Four Women and Two Men
Are Badly Injured in -
Fair City. ;
; SANT a; CRUZ, fAugTvi9.--The garden
party, given through the kindness of F.
J. Sullivan at Phelan' Park last night,
was a f society event.;- It was under' the'
management of the • altar societies : for
.the -benefit ;of; Holy 'Cross^Church. - The
beautlfull grove ;,nras ; illuminated with
electric; lights^ and 'lanterns and a de-;
lightf ul ; ; programme was given on 'the
-lawn."- \' A";. [''\u25a0.''\u25a0 ; : ;:.?,T.Vy /' \
Altar Societies In Charge of Entertain
ment for the. Benefit of Holy
. :-' . V7 v CroM'CliurcliT^ 1 '.
MATTERS OP INTEREST )
ARE DISCUSSED
TWO LIVES Am LOST
IN FIRE AT PORTLAND
garden; party ; at , phelan
park ; in cityi op,- santa cruz
"^^-^ Caret datKlmtt. Stopa IxUng hair, ktitcve* rtcfaing. . ..
nil!* W Dlxv/ o rutvKrlv/11/lL
- . T he ORIOINAL r«roe4y that* TUlls the Damtruft Q«nn."
<5OW»l <^QiNG<!t GONE U!
; tnmtK WRTurE it. latficiof wtu u« rr. m vis rot lancuc
A PURUf! TOOTH RBI KM «h«t will, sooner or Uur. cause t»!Sn*sa. Awrtter
.^•LV*»-»H^ I Hy*™ •H^V? f r In Medical Rtvlew ot Review* say*. "School
A noted dcraatolorfst says. "The tin* Is comlnf ' children should know that It is dtny t» use an-
wtwa an unstcrtllxed public hair brush will be as o ther's balr brash." - Newbro's Herplcide renders
rare as a public tooth brush." Th* reason Is' public hair brushes harmUss by destroying the
that dirt? hair brashes Spread dandruff, and true ' daadniS microbe. A delljjfjtful hair . dressing.
dandruff Is now known to be a contagious disease "Gives wonderful results. • : \u25a0 \u25a0-;\u25a0"..-<
; One jlm.' Si J»l - Sni 10c; ttam. H HEtfiaOE CO. Ccpt a.Oetrott Bca, far t sat* ; «. '
At Leading Driuc Store* or Sent Prepaid from Detroit. Mich- upon recetst I
; .TotT ot n.OO. AppUcatioaa a^t pWmlmemt Barb«r Sao»a. |
Many improvements Now Under Way „: i ~ : -S*%*''''' \u25a0'' ;:~ Your Safeguard When Shopping Here f\\
Within a few weeks the appearance of this store will be much changed and the :| _\u25a0\u25a0!; ;- , V \ " '. ' ;^tf\ " X _-^ ' \u25a0 Is our absolute faith m the : merits and worthiness of the merchandise we sell So'
fadlities for transacting bumos in about a dozen of the^principal wOl be^\\\ f. yt^^M^T^^^ \!' certain are we that it is right, that we are willing to buy' it bad at the price you paid:!;
increased and improved. Ihe Juvenile Uepartment is to be moved to the hrst noor and the >: <; mL. Js> Ms+~fmMMJ wi ImMMmWmm ' \ < ' , • -i- i r»l j r i «;• 1 t
Art Embroidcn' Department will take its place on the second floor. New low figures in JfJ t^LS^ MMMtJk/ ISPw&iiL^ i^ ** *"* *"** two weeks of the date : of purchase. With a few ex-
squares, fixtures of the most modem description, are to be installed in severaPof trrei other ;;| l__jU II UIHIIJI UUIULJI —^^** '' ''>' ce P^ ons « t^ iose J or samtary Te * sons > this applies to everything we sell J;,
departments. While these changes are in progress, during tHe next few weeks, arid some ! ! •.-•\u25a0' ' ! • ''\u25a0 Accounts Can DO OpCHGti by responsible people on application to our'
° hlCC [ tOr y °" tO b " y '" thC distu - bej - tions -| j mO^Km^ m AMERICA'S GRANDEST.STORE j | Credit Bureau, mezzanine floor. Jessie Street 'side. . , |j
Remarkable Bargains In j F M S^BUpIC LIHG Of MOtlCl Fall SUItS II- fl""!*** *" i
C#F*€si&© ££® $jFmEs£ffs4£rrB* aye securec^ tne garments from \^hich America's leading maker of women's tailored suits sold the best stores in^ the country their W"%llß9€MtL M «#«9<9 %J0 9jr ,
' w ; Fall stocks.' TTie- styles are exclusive with us in San Francisco and not more than two suits of a style. Shown for the first time Monday. "\u25a0%:' ?' Thos« who know will conceive that this is a dress goods offer- j
5500 I ards Ot pure Silk Crepe de Chine a - ..... > -. . , \u25a0. \u25a0 : . ' . • j&i '" *\. \u25a0 ' •" < . ing of unusual merit, considering the phenomenal increase in the ;
non-mussable, the selvedge tight bound — the colors: \ \^' 4 \i AX ijf 't^Sk '"> ?! them to make tno finish equal to a very superior quality. They are
A _ remarkably handsome Crepe de Chine r* \ \ I^^^S' noc ; \|| UfMf -tin .«•>-: Iliffl^rA ' / T t )o \u25a0 /f"mv ' ' V?^^ ' .This plain ' serviceable fabric suitable alike jl /*
in a remarkably fine assortment of colors, f \ '\u25a0 -\- %-W^^B^//^ \l ''Of' aTM"^ &/A§P Mw ; 'i™M IwVA V/ l*> v'"' /glllmlhOroO^im'^^L']^ for house gowns or street dress, sold else-
worth 85c the yard, beginning Monday. 9/L^%fJ ; wW/fel I /»/^ \u25a0 \u25a0 wWWH^M*' fS^rvflll W "V" VM ' m 111 "\ Tl) flu TOM ' where at 50c and -5 Be' a yard, begin- fj /^J
' New Lace* Neckwear" i Wilu\ wHISii\M lll \\W^\ \u25a0"\u25a0"XI M : \m :[ fw\W \ We'll Print You 100 Cards f0r630
new Laces, NecKwear ,\ Mm 7- |\ -mMmiiJm ill in! ' i\^V ' ' ' 111 \m\\m :mm%% \ \u25a0\u25a0 Read Tlies fwS ec# ei* o/fers fon
Mondays selling. Be sure and see the pretty show. : W/W/Mili ? I\A V^J Wilt- I® <i II ' j \u25a0 W WM \V i; : larly $2 - 00 ' lhtt week ••••••• > 51.25 i \
TV a V I v A •:\u25a0 \u25a0: %fj//nlPlk I v\Jf \ Wr J -i^^ ; 100 Cards and Plate-Name only m Old English.
1 here are the new appuque laces and bands in' ! J,r[-\. I , k \^r \\ Wr — — iSJL^^ — Jill' HI Hi I '\\Vy H ll{|ffl vwPA^LZ* ' ' i i *arvn »l- ? nn >
pompadour effects; Venise and Oriental edgings and ; \ • ,*—X-^ \u0084 v'^^sfUti^ regularly $3.00,. this week .. . . . .fZ.UU
; insertings with aU-overs to match; new Persian ap- \ : „. . ' : fI ... \u0084. \u0084 , \u0084 i . ,' r,- Jl /l^rn V,. Io ° Redding Invitotlons-mduding mside and ; :
I pliques; velvet bands and passementeries, medallions, !; ;We picture a few of the suits included in this splendid purchase. 1 hey are the * most -"^P^^^F.^llml ./.;^^'#Vjrf|:; outside envelopes, high class work on best stock, :
braid novelties; new lace berthas, chiffon yokes and ; able tailored made frock and jacket suits that have arrived in San Francisco so far u^s season. >^Stricdy new Fall . regularly $13.50,' this week • .". • • .$8.75
| fichus, chiffon jabots and capes, hand-made stocks, models, made up 'of medium weight vicunas, broadcloths, unfinished worsted. English suitings and fancy' cheviots. •\u25a0" v V,'Y ,' / Kmif Stampin*; fronj Die in color, regularly 20c per quire;:
Duchess lace over collars, etc, etc ;. in browns, blues, greens, grays, purples^ reds, etc, and very specially priced from •*..' \ '\u0084.... .. . *MmMuS \Xj T %J^/ this week 2 quires for 2St7f single qtdre - \u25a0 150 I
I AJ^JbiwT EJ^hTT^SM I Furniture, CnrpßtS nnd RugS Great Under Price Saie of §|
Brushes for the Toilet L f , j r L c,,, -\u25a0. \ K*2*n**i* B**d St*i*
c 1 1 . r j 1 v 1 I l 1 : \u25a0 -Money-saving prices that are of vital interest to- every buyer. Many of the new Fall lines are ready, and to make Of#f^l€f###w>jr r€Mam%2§9j *#C?»* «#CrC<9;
: : becured an immense lot ot good, dean, well made -brushes .; , : it we ,, worth whi , e to the ' neWjCornerSf we concessions on^just the pieces you are wanting, of- ; A - • i "'£ >\A' ' ' Ih, A ' tf^ *. i
forabouthalf their, real values. We pass them along to you in ! \u25a0'\u25a0;: which the foll6wing are a few samples- •' . ; . • • : JL-*****^ ' : A temotag array of curtams. mduchng novdty designs, ruffled mus-.;
the most important brush sale of the year at the same ratio. |: y^. This Princess Dresser-. Side Board-Quarter sawed gggligggi i ! Kns - Nottinghams and DenteUe Arabe^ secured from vanous Eastern nulls.
ami- ii • , • ' ' !' /^\ inibirincess uTOser A,t.k an J mfß X M ™«lk aM tTaw?" rTr "iaw J 7r \u25a0 * at special price concessions, are offered for the first time to-morrow at
L °u \^ O i^l hliii] : T h Q* L^S-M^'jb^^sw.thn.ce J W\» ?Vf e , r iaw A e^: oa^ gol ?, en \u25a0\u25a0S£SXwfwo WP^^M •= these substantial reductions from regular prices.
brushes, polished bone handles. X/*» polished wood backs, stiff bnstles, 1 >\ \u25a0 \M fj mlf- finish, base 40 inches wide, . -one -large Unen drawer, two, . mm ,*#*S^i^ itt - ' : . . . . ° . . -.
; : veil worth 1 5c. for this sale ... UW desirable styles and well finished, I ' j: W ff\ French plate mirror 18x3 6 ; small sUver drawers, mirror |||] <^^^' X R ! Ruff led Muslin -Curtains— Novelty Lace Curtains— Ara-.i :
Lot 2-An elepant assortment of b«t $1-00. $1.25. $1.50 / |:,i| J/\ f /\\ • inches, regularly $30.00.; 1 5x28 inches, hand rubbed \ '!; Dainty striped effects for cham- bian colored, Renaissance inser- :
'•': quality of pure live brittle stock ** values, special now, pair l\\n \!; // \y)4 for ••• • • $21.50 jimsh. worth $^3 3 . 75, JB^^^^^'—'-'M \\\ bers— three yards long, /A_ . . tion and edge, with fl*l. "
! tooth bn»hes. in many different 1-4 p .. . U«)v I!; &Mf£^~*£p& \u25a0 rh! ,. Hia , n,,^r.^A for *'* ' \u25a0 924.50 B^^~^E? !-v 200 pairs, worth 95 c, ||VC Motif in comer, 3 yds. >Ij M '
tvles. .ll good value at 25c, for WL "' " . , . , | C^°? ? -J7 China Cabinet-Solid oak. \u25a0\u25a0IHBH-'^: 1 to go at U7W long, pair > ..... <P*»i7
: Lot 6— Genuine ebony, satin and :;l B^^S^bsJ^&J oak, full sweUed front, 5 deep wr , t rierrd finish rhr*-r llWi^^B a ' 8 „ .• ,
Lot 3-H.dr. cloth ,nd hh a t brushes. rose wood hair brushes, solid i^^^^ drawers, neat back rail, cast: YJ™ f. l^ ' .™;. f an^ iftMltSffl Mlj i; A Manufacturer's Samples of Nottingham Lace Curtains
; f _od .crvkeable rt yK u-ofth |/v backs, pure white stiff bristle stock, I^^W^ brasshandles. regular $13.50. 00 "^ t^P^W^W I : extra quality Nottingham, Ara- -White, ecru and Arabian-Brus-
: i atLTfoftSs^e 8 1"C very desirable styles, ser- i: \ \T7 \ I f0r ... ,. ! .'. .. . $9.50 W*^. \-< bian and cable net lace curtains sels. novelty and corded effects: |
:\u25a0 A A J f\u25a0 J Jf^^?; 05C i• ' V * Imitation Mahogani tabie^ Diningthalr-rSolid quarter sawed golden oak,box saddle ii ""J 00 *, nn J& $Kl5 curtabs ' *"' * Z* B *':'-
LotJ-^r^to-d^a^rtaento^ohd $1,00. $1.25. $1.50. for UUV \u25a0;,.., _ 2 4 jnch top, fancy fluted turned legs, fancy shelf. shape^seat, fancy, fan-shape rpanel back, French turned l! r $ ' *"^ <J"v $1.75 curtains, pair .. . $1.29 •
ij . ./^ Whisk Brooms- !| worth $4.00, for - . - . $2.50 %m%&^^ 42.00 curtains, pair ./. $I*9
l«s than 75c and more^than iQ large size, good selected q : i: : Hall Rack-Diamond shape glass. 1 2x 1 2 bches, 3 double I^t^g^SS^^te^^pora^^^^^; Qj :|^^^^SS4^^^C-<llr $2.50 curtains, pair ."• $1.69
: .\u25a0jA-u-u-u^njxn.n.ru-^j-.-.-^n - ,- -,r,- -,-. -'— - -,—nr-^-i^, — nr-^-i^ -,n^ -i- -u-irj-u-.V.-.-s ' Steel Davenport— New design, can' be made into abed aiiX/uifbj^fiAT/^i:^" ; 'i \u25a0' j ~i• i i- j ' ----------- —
, ..:. .-.. ..„ i;f handy and perfectly sanitary, high saoU arms that make M°™#*?£??£l^*'l[**/*»*M °™ #*?£??£ I^*'l [**/*»* \u25a0^:::::. :V '"--V::V. r^^~^^~^^^^^
Tin August Sa,e of White Petticoats, 1 |fSlg^| i |S^i| ft££!!%L is . I i^" V'
GOWFIS Drawers Etc ''• Par ' or Cabinet— lmitation mahogany with mirror top, Rocker— Mission design, box seat upholstered in Spanish : Linene WwaiSlS , Coffee attti Tea
, """"^ *" •*; • *" .:' !; fancy shelves, fine glass finish .;- . '. \u25a0\u25a0;. '.; > . '! .: $7.50 leather, /wide arms, weD constructed .. . . $9.00 SSC — SI .33 ;! Coffee, best Mocha and Jira. oui regi
; A manufacturer's surplus lots and afl of the short and surplus lines of j ; Music Cabinet— Mahogany finish, fuD complement of Rattan Rocker— Ladies* size, fancy weave, full high : : Good style FaD waists made of i ; lar 35c q^Ety. Monday and Tn«day.
: our own stocks, preparatory to important changes soon to be made in the ; shelves,' mahogany veneered door, shaped legs,. French - back.. flat arms, cane seat; shellac finish, price $6.00 \\ the new fabric, linene, very full i; ; Te^ J^SL /.pan." Oolonf «
department, are included in this specially attractive August sale of; J. . plate beveled edge mirror on top ... $13.75 Anne combination bookcase and desk for ..-$lB .OO : ' sleeve.deep cuff with three tucks, ' ; EngEsK breakfast.regular 40c quality Jor
; EJSTSU-ii^ S h. rt skirts -im. ii fc.'_ ii h Wp ina «^*^^:^?«^««lS|^ I :i!i|Sft!S-3siSw^'..! : :^£ : tk^Sp22
; coversofgood muslin. .. .121-2 c bnc. deep ruffle of Swiss embroidery :..!; China and Japan Mattings — Select straw, many pat- Saxony Axminster Carpet— Deep soft pile, a beautiful ! A nwn front worth AO ** *, •««' ? iSi* o
i Corset Covers-Loose-fitthg. made of "d tuckn^ cut fu» w,dth Offc terns, including smaU checks, floral and carpet designs, carpet s^^^^^^ ready for. UXC : I ST^S^wJt?^ SS
; good muslin, trimmed with. lace, and downs— Of fine Nainsook and muslin, ncr yard .... ... . 2Oc. 25c and 3Oc i_- I J JIM ' «r>« /»=\u25a0 : ''I r* j 7UV ; .: ...390
embroidenT abo plain hem-stitched with dainty edgings and b- / X , P . I r V Al 1 • V 1 j , i this sale made and laid ... . . .... . $1.05 Monday ••• • • • ;! E«ten rolled ort. 7 tt». ZSo
! S« • .V.-V?. "rSS of ValUcc^utfulf length and !Ve v^ Carpets— All wool in rug, floral and^onental QW, ' „ , , \u0084 \u0084; Another Linene Waist— A ! feSSSJSrWSSwP # ™' « wSf
; /. \u2666/- mj < / width and perfectly made, w^rthat' jl designs, made and laid, per yard •. . .$l,OO ArtSquares— 9xl2,feet/an wool and reversible, scroll ! ; mo A c \ * ar ment with front of: Ye failT. ™... : . h *?.'..* "...rfiak
i iTteSot J^ $ " 0> f r •„ •• • Sl - 98 : Brussels Tapestry Carpet-In many new designs,suiN patterns and small. effects, worth $9.so, special s7*s ] Eng&h" embroidery, adjust- \ t^^ h lS^M^^£f
;! for 230 A ,°. " , bam P'f. Lfne o* fl corset covers. ; | ; a ble for parlors, chambers, dining rooms, halls and stairs,'. -^ . \u25a0\u0084,,;.,, « „.. . , \u0084 ' ... ! able pleated stock collar. / *s&*r* l £irk' l «-L—-^L.-* I 'P4
!aA « drawers, kimonas of flannelette, ki- |! _.i an J i-j \u25a0 \u25a0 ar# i 6 y/r' French WHtonßug— 27xs4 inches, finest quality in aoie £ P lcaic^ ° , ..J !j; old lCrow Whiskey, the ia»{z». reajUdv
Short SWrts — Fme cambric, deep monas of fancy handkehief. « _ \\\ made and laid, yard .... . .. . . . .... 700 .... ..- .•* ...•:'. . . j , ', nri s \u0084f ^; : very full up-to-date (P I -5 r $4.00. gJi^....^.—.
ruffle of embroidery and tucking, full and pretty lawns, worth up Al^C !' : Brussels Tapestry Carpet — Best makes, 1 0 wire, beautiful onental patterns, instead of $6.00, special for !; : B l eeV e, worth sl.7s, !K I ; «^^tj£'J±^ii&-*J£2-
] width .880 to $1.00 each, all at. . ,^*S\* ;;, oriental and floral patterns, made and laid, yard $1.05 'this^salej-'- •• : : •.;-";. . '.'. ; .;.. $3.95 : : "' f or .... . . . V*» vv | j : -; : " : v;-;;-;;-"";«« '\u25a0
Some Charming Effects I : IfMtfinMloM^ 4ff/r»ia># Cola a# #Imam«i \\ $2.50 Quadruple Plated
Fall Millinery Important August «a/te o/ Linens Bread Trays $1.18
• gn» j j i . ; We Guarantee these Prices in many cases to be Less than Imported, Cost— No other time in the year is quite ;so good to buy Enen as m.! ; **
'^^^s^^ rh WC ry Ca ktest' hb™ August The new Fall stocks are here; assortments are at^their best, and to create a busy month out of an ordinarily quiet one, we make the prices ! ' s^z^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^-^^
£^2^^ c very acs ur an exceptionally low. Ready to-morrow — some specimen values are printed below. -c ; -. , v \u25a0-..._; : (^^^^^V^^^^^jl^j^^^)
' W^^^^^v shaded breasts, trimmed Bleached Damask Cloths— Fine Irish linen, . Hemstitched cloths, all linen, German make- 1 -3 sizes Mercerized Napkins — German ' make, v fine.' ," • .\^ 'X~
with smart wings and bordered all around, two and a half yards of these: ' . / . . '. . . bleached, 20 inches square, $1.75 kind,
fl&0&§E& choice velvets ; \u25a0 |: long, instead of $2.75, now .... $1.75 size. 63x63 inches |}'|| doz. .. .^ ;\u25a0....... t : . .$l.OB :-< =as=:=== = =^ =^^ : .-^
$fe&£l $10, $12, $15 : Damask Cloths— Scotch linen, full bleached. $230 S 63x98 inch" .' ." .'": $UBB same 18 bches $ J - 00 !™ d^^J z - ! I Only 400 of these beautiful grape design bread trays.
rapSJF j> French felt hats faced in velvet, ; | 2}4 yards long, the $2.50 kind, for this Damask Cloths— Half bleached, pattern all around, ''* V V * •, ' *' ' * *•• ' ' SB ° \ .!\u25a0 quadrupled plated in French gray finish— a special lot
:. j^ j trimmed with handsome fancy ; sale ...... . . .sl*7B heavy grade, $1.75- value r . '\u25a0•.•.*.••'.'•• <\u25a0\u25a0':'s 1.28 Damask— Heavy cream, Irish make, i 1 - that our buyer was fortunate enough to secure at: hair
feathered breasts and velvet in : _ '%t : '"lt t-l j i l j Tea Cloths— Mercerized damask— 3sx3s inches 6® inches ''wide, 1 50 c quality, yard* .• 39o l : ; price'during his recent New York. trip. They- are
shade, orreseda, , mode. ; AKa ,\ : ! . F^ s £ &£• $3^srvt °fS BleacheddDaVnask^l^e German mercerized, ' [ -beautiful gelds worth $poeach; which seU on
> \u25a0 blue, black and white-all ... of ; S^"^ P atterned ' our . -S& Jg" Tray Cldths-A new^ satin finished production, very showy/and good to wear. 64 inches \ sight, so be among the early % ones (f |; |Q
-,; them copies of the very latest : ;! ""» Baic •; ' '• '" "' °- 19x30 inches, rich "in appearance, 35c . values, wide, 65 c value, yard • .... ... 45© jl: ; Monday to be sure of securing one jfcl |/\
;| French models, moderately pneed at .:;. :;..\ ; iDamask Table Cloths— 2 yards square, each .'. •.'V. • • • . • .;. \u25a0[\u25a0\u25a0: . . -200 Irish Lmen^baniask— 70 inches, very ;\u25a0\u25a0£ !; ', al : • ••••••\u25a0•••• * :; KH* *•*>' ~
1; $8.50, $9.00, $10.00 : . Scotch damask, very heavy, instead of $2.50 Damask Napklnsi--Dinnerisize (22x22 inches)," heavy, '~\ full u 'bleacKed, worth $ I. l s,i yard -imitation Diamond Jewelry 250 to
New turbans and street hats in felt, chenille braid and :' ! each- ... .... . : . . .sl.6B 'fine Irish linen, the $2.50 kind, doz.. $1.98 ..'./:.:.•.... : . ... . . 880 ;' ; 52.' 75— Perfect imitarion, wonderful brilliancy." they 'cannoi :b«
horsehair, smartly trimmed. .^. . . $5.00 ;;i German Damask— A very, choice mercerized, 75c;quality, yard 56cr : ' .'y ." ? V<: . l \u25a0•'f : S'<; '^^^^So^^totMlt^A^h^StM
Ready-to-tnm hatj .I . • $2,50, $3.50, $3.75 \;' Extra special, a small lot genuine hand-loom table cloths for extra size : tables— size 9 by, 9 feet, slightly soiled, worth- $25.00, for , Qff '-; such' jewelry before. Assortment includes brooches.* hai barettes. scarf
; QrHdien't KhocAhats . $1.25 r 51.50j52.00, $2.25 j ! : this sale almost at one-third, each • '-.- '• ..... .. : l '. T. .-. ". '. '. -". . ". \u25a0". •'.' ..\u25a0.;...•.. . . ...,../.'i.; .\.. .'. . ; 'C*\ pins, men'i silk fobs, with imitations diamond initials, etc^ 25cjup.
_ ' _ Muiu imjiMu —mi- ' '
Jyß ra kjl fy 3WV Iff! stm KBL^Br SB fl9 Bj^Jff
The Wholesome
Baking Powder
WHOLESOME — Because made with the
genuine Prof. HorsforcTs phosphate, which restores
to flour the nutritious properties lost in Bolting,LONDON, Aug. 19.— A prominent of
ficial who has for a long j time resided
in Greece and who has just arrived
from that country said to-day there
would be no- serious trouble in Crete,
as the rising of the insurgents failed
in its incipiency.
Cretan Insurrection Fails.
Twelve , .* People Are Injured While
Watching New York Yacht Club
Fireworks Display.
MARBLEHEAD, Mass., Aug. 19.— A
dozen persons were Injured to-night by
the collapse of a pavilion at Crocker
Park, where* a large crowd was watch
ing the fireworks in celebration of 'the
New York- Yacht Clubrfleet. A' hun
dred or more small boys i climbed on
the roof of the building while 200 per
sons,: mostly women and children, were
seated below. The weight of the boys
caused the roof to collapse.
The aand dunes that were south ot
the Park Is recent history—
The grrovrth of the Sunset district has
been Htrons and steady—' j
Good ' opportunities for Investments
through Sunday Real Estate columns.
Mrs. Theodocia Beacham is said to be
the only woman contractor on a railroad
in the United States. She is from Michi
gan and has an important contract with
the Old Dominion railroad of New Eng
land. - ' . " . • " " r •
MONTEVIDEO,, Aug. 19— The British
steamship Dora from Mobile for Buenos
Ayres lis ashore on British bank near
here. Assistance has been sent.
CANSO, N. S.,Aug.l9. — There was no
change to-day in the. position of the
British steamship Colonia, which
grounded^ yesterday on-, the rocks near
Fox "Island off this port. The Bteam
ship Mackay Bennett is taking off the
cable and apparatus to lighten the
Colonia.
Dora on Beach Near Montevideo and
Cableshlp Colonials Not Yet
Floated.
The identity of the woman, who is
said : tohav.o accompanied* the accused
men to Cleveland, on the night of the
murder \u25a0 and through whose f disclosures
more than J2OOO worth of stolen jewels
have been recovered, became known to
day. Her .name is ~ given . as Mrs. B.
Ellison! She was arrested Wednesday
night at Kansas City and brought to
Detroit yesterday. '•'\u25a0\u0084 ',
DETROIT/ Mich., Aug. 19.— The real
name of Harry Johnson, one of the two
men in-Jail in Detroit charged with. the
murderjOfa pawnbroker, Moyer, on. the
night of. July/ 28, is said by the police
to be Tip Shedraan and his home is In
Independence, Moi j It 7 is now known
that Parker is the correct name of hia
companion. Parker ' comes from a re
spectable tamtly of Kansas City. De
tectives say that the story he tells of
having studied for! the .ministry at one
time . is ; true. .;-\u25a0'. ~ \u25a0 .-;-.J^\i
Woman Who - Accompanied Supposed
Slayer of Detroit Pawnbroker '
" ;V". Is Also Under Arrest.
'TWO BRITISH STEAMSHIPS
HARD AND FAST ASHORE
ACCUSED MURDERER ONCE <U- V
A THEOLOGICAL STUDENT
SMALL BOYS ON THE! ROOF
WRECK CROWDED PAVILION
PITTSBURG, Aug. 19. — A scare has
been caused in this vicinity by a re
port that a' party of twelve Italians, al
leged to have evaded the yellow fever
blockade at | New Orleans, has arrived
here. An immediate investigation Iby
the authorities disclosed the fact that
the Italians spent Wednesday in-Pitts
burg and Thursday at Homestead, de
parting late. for. New York.
The Health Department will maintain
a quarantine around the Homestead
house in which they stayed.' x - '
on Way to' New York.
Tvrelv* Italians • From Infected City
ESCAPE FROM NEW ORLEANS.
'\u25a0 The collection of bombs recently un
earthed .in Smyrna is now alleged to
have been intended for. use by Arme
nians against the foreign consulates
and banks. The Armenians, it is aver
red, planned the outrages for August
31, the anniversary of the Sultan's ac
cession, with the view of compelling
the powers to intervene, for their pro
tection against the Turks.
Out Dastardly Plan.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 19.— JThree
additional : battalions of Redlf a have
been called out for service in Mace
donia in consequence of the activity
of revolutionary bands.
Discovery ot Bombs in Smrrai Pt«
, vents Armenian Rebels Carryinjf
PJLOT TO BLOW UP FOREIGN
-i^- .CONSUJUATES IS FRUSTRATED
j United States s's advanced 14, the 2's and
old s's H and the new 4's Vz per cent on
call for the week.
Railroad traffic officials report that the
effect of the crop outlook is perceptible
in the willingness of merchants in their
territories to place liberal orders for fu
ture consumption of their customers,
"causing an expansion In the freight
movement and a constant encroachment
on the available equipment at the dispo
sition of the railroads. The railroads are
placing liberal orders for supplies, and
the consequence is seen in the activity of
different departments of the. iron and
steel industry. A demand for steel rails,
plates and structural shapes is reported.
The cotton crop still gives ground for
anxiety, but the control effected by the
yellow fever situation has been a helpful
factor to the Southern railroads.
The bank etatement reflected only a
small part of the expected decrease in
cash reserves, . but the week's activity in
the stock market resulted in some.expan
sion of the loan account, co that the in
crease in the deposit item increased the
reserve requirement in proportion. The
net result was a shrinkage of about 53,
500,000 in the surplus of the banks.
The satisfaction felt in ' existing condi
tions of business and industry and the
general confidence felt in the promise for
future prosperity have resulted this week
in an appreciable growth In interest in
the stock market and an increase of or
ders to buy securities from various new
quarters. '
NEW YORK, Aug. ': 19.— The decided
dullness of to-day's stock market was
evidence of the spirit of caution devel
oped in the ] minds of operators by the
i reactionary tendency s developed yester
day. The hardening ; of." the rates for
money now seems imminent by reason of
the inception of . the- movement of I cur
rency on a large scale to the interior. The
abundance of the crops to 'be moved and
the very active conditions of business,
which are themselves instruments r of
prosperity, promise an extra requirement
on New York reserves. The ; extent of
this . requirement can only be measured
by its .actual development, and now that
the' demand has set in it is likely to pro
ceed steadily to the maximum. The rise
in the rates for call money, even .without
reaching the proportions of a stringent
market, has an almost inevitable effect
on borrowing for speculative purposes.
Holders of stocks on margin at the pres
ent high level of prices are naturally so
licitous therefore of the developments of
the immediate future.'":;?^.".: ,/V;
Beau'voir, the old home of/Jen!erson
Davis, which has become the Soldiers'
Home of Mississippi, is not far from
Mississippi City, but every precaution
is being taken to prevent the infection
from reaching there. -
Preparations were being . completed
to-da> for an extensive observance to
morrow of the fumigation appeal -of
the Federal authorities. Supply | depots
have been opened throughout the day
in all the precincts of the city and sul
phur has been | given away to all who
are unable to pay. for the disinfectants.
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 19. —Official
report to 6 p. m. :
BTew cnsea ( ' 58. -
Total cants to date, 1340. . .
, Death*, 4. ' ; .
; Total deaths to date, 192. '
New foci, 17. '
Total foci to date, 295.
Cases under treatment, 401.
r The deaths continue |to be
confined- to the lower sections of the
city, only three having come from the
section above Canal street within \ the
past fifteen days. 'Among' the cases
reported to the State Board of Health
to-day was one near Madisonville. , A
positive case and ai suspicious case
were reported jat J Kenner. . A total of
eighteen cases have appeared in Jef
ferson Parish to date, with five deaths.
The Louisville and Nashville Rail
road announced that the new quaran
tine order issued by Dr. Sanders of Al
abama would ' not ; in anywise interfere
with through travel over that road;
the -;\ regulations, .: people can
leave New Orleans and pass through
the State without molestation, provid
ed- they make no attempt to leave the
cars. \u25a0-. ; •- » . ..;\u25a0 - ** ' .. : .. : .
."The meaning, of these reductions to
the farmers of the Northwest is some
thing more than the-winning of a battle
or Hhe signing of some advantageous
commercial treaty," said a prominent
railroad official.. "It affects the entire
grain" product of the Northwest, for the
same rates have been met by the North
ern Pacific and must be met by every
other line doing business in the same
territory and tributary to it. You can
not > tell, how far a movement like this
will reach. It will mean a saving of
more than 200,000,000 bushels in the or
dinary markets. . This foots up from
$2,000,000 to 53,000,000 that will remain
in the pockets of the farmers, of which
the Great Northern will contribute at
least one-half."
ST. PAUL, Auff. 19.— Just aa the
movement of the grain crop is about to
begin, the Great Northern Railroad to
day announced a sweeping: reduction In
grain j rates throughout its j eastern ter-_
ritory, extending to V the " boundary of"
Montana. 1 Three years ago the road
made important reductions in the west
ern 'Section. The new rates, it is claim
ed, will add millions to the potential re
sources of the ; farmers of the North
west. The reduction is not made, it is
claimed,', in pursuance of any pressure,
but as a voluntary act and, in the words
of an official, "a profit-sharing policy ol
the road between the railroad and the
tillers of the soil of the Northwest that
has been fundamental in the manage
ment of the Great Northern."
Depots Are Opened in
• Stricken City for Free Dis
tribution of Disinfectants
x4bundance of Crops to Be
Moved • Promises Extra Re
quirement' on Rieserves
Saving in Transportation
of Crops Adds Nearly $3,
000,000 to Growers' Profit
CALL MONEY IS- HIGHER
FIFTY-EIGHT NEW CASES
IS A VOLUNTARY ACT
New York Stock Market Is
Decidedly Dull as Eesult
of Reactionary Tendency
I^rtality ; Among; Yellow
Fever Victims Confined to
: Lower Part of New Orleans
Grreat Northern ; Ea&road
Makes Sweeping Eeduction
,in Eastern Grain Bates
*• - . j- . . • . ~ .. .. ..
SPECULATORS
ARE CAUTIOUS
DEATH RATE
DROPS TO FOUR
WILL BENEFIT
THE FARMERS
KAISER WAKTSjJTO- PRESENTS, "/- : .
ON - WEDDING AWNIVERSARV
Gifts of Money for Charitable Purposes,
Hovrever, Will Be Welcome,' Says
Emperor William. ',"\u25a0
BERLIN, Aug. 19.— -Emperor ; Wiliiam
announces through - the North German
Gazette that he and the : 7 Empress 1 will
not receive presents on r the ," twenty
fifth anniversary of their wedding,^ but
that , contributions T of/-; money > v from"
members ," of I. societies or ' corporations
for charitable { purposes will' bo wel
come. '." -.'t *.' ''' ;",?;. " -."\u25a0 i ",V. : .'- ',- -' ."':*;\u25a0*."
.-."..' f 1 '.„ .- '\u25a0 '"-\u25a0\u25a0•'\u25a0-. '-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
, The forest .'reserve 'i system ' in ' , Co!o
rado now includes . about 7,000,000 • acres,
nearly double . the ; amount found in any
other State in th« • Union.
OGDEN, Utah, Aug. 19.— The* forest
flre that .has" raged In the mountains,
about five miles northeast of this' place
for the past three days, has changed its
course and' nowr threatens • the - large
hotels and 'other property in. -Ogden'
Canyon, a. summer resort: Thousands
of acres of timber. have been. destroyed.
Forces •of men have' been- dispatched
from here- to prevent _the v onslaught of
the . flames, but their, progress : |s slow,
owing; to the thick growth of under
brush that covers the mountain side., •
Flames Rasing? -fa Mountains Are; Ad
vancing; Upon I. arse Hotels at -
. .' . Ogden Canyon. ...
FOREST FIRES THREATEN •
UTAH SUMMER RESORT
SALINAS, Aug. 19.-t-Anarew Escobar,
agred about 2S years, and a member of
a well-known family In this • county; Is
in trouble again and will likely go to
San Quentin. Some few " months ago
Escobar stabbed M. Romero while Ro
mero was defending 1 his young daughter
from an attack by Escobar. Judge Sar
gent, upon Escobar pleading guilty,
sentenced him to flire years ,In • San
Quentin, but suspended sentence pend
ing good behavior. A week ago Eeco-.
bar became intoxlcaffed near Sur and
threatened to kill Aberardo Cooper, " a
member of a prominent: family. '. After
making an attempt' to. do so, Escobar
fled. He was arrested last; night "at
Monterey. Having broken his . promise
to behave it is probable that, he will be
compelled to serve his sentence, \u25a0
Salinas Man Who Was
Trusted b} r Judge Sargent
Proves Ungrateful. -
BREAKS PROMISE;
MAY GO. TO PRISON
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 19.— Members of
the City Council as a committee of the
whole met in secret session last night to
discuss Mayor Behon's reappointment of
Peter Schanlel as a member of the
Board of Health. A committee, con
sisting of Aldermen Johnson and Rey
nolds, adopted resolutions to the ef
fect that Mayor Sehon did not appoint
the right man. The report was signed
by Johnson and Reynolds, Councilman
Kelly refusing to sign. The resolution
will be presented at the next meeting
of the Council, to be held the first Mon
day In September. Two weeks ago the
Council refused to confirm the appoint
ments of Schanlel and Hearne.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
San. Diego Aldermen Object
to Appointment Made
; bySelion.
REFUSE TO CONFIRM
CHOICE OF MAYOR
THE; SAN FRANCISCO GAIJ.;: SUNDAY; ; AUGUST t 20. 1905.
30
The cleanliness of
everything is what
first attracts the
eye at
AETNA SPRINGS
Send for booklet. Aetna ..^.vi*-
Springs Co., Napa . Co., Cal.
Iy A jK bnLi i E 8 Il**3
THE LOCATION AND CLIMATE AT
CEIQLBO
*^_
Are bo beautiful that SO guests are now sleep-
ing out in the ' open. Natural I hot batha and
wonderful stomach waters. Swimming pond.
Rates. $10 and $12 per week. Baths free.
Booklets at PECK'S, 11 Montgomery, or H. H.
MfGOWAN, Selgler.: Lake Co., CaL
THE ORIGINAL
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS,
ST. HELEXA, KAPA CO.
Entirely renovated and refurnished. Mod-
erate rates. Reduction for families. .
New Bath Houses
Finest sulphur - water in the State. Table
and service the best. Under the management
of MB. and MRS. JOHN SANDFORD.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
LAKE COUjJTTY.
-The new management . has made many im-
provements; new swimming tank, porcelain
bathtubs.' patent sanitary plumbing; installed
new features for the amusement and comfort ot
guests ; billiards,' bowling, . tennis, • croquet, liv-
ery; bunting, fishing, golf links and excursions
to Clear Lake and other resorts. .
i Information at PECK'S, 11 Montgomery St..
or W.'-V. BRTAN. -SO Montgomery st.. or ad-
dress R. ROBERTSON, lessee - and manager.
AMERICA'S GREATEST SPA— Any one
can afford to go to Byron Hot Springs. Sump-
tuous hotel; wonderful waters. Booklet, week-
end t excursions, everything paid. $T 60. Byron
Hotrßprings P. O. : - ;
f| fF A M And Cottages. Extensive * grounds
UI>L.MI« overlooking bathing beach. Perfect
£';..'- .' sanitation. New dining-hall . and
Vll_ L A other improvements*. Hlgh-claaa
.""TTT . , aervice.* New efficient management.'
HfITFI "OCEAN VILLA CO.,
nUILL . Santa Cms. CaL
OHM SUMMER HOME IN CAMP MEEKER
.*C MOUNTAINS OF SONOMA CO.
Eauable ? climate ; lots $10 . up ; cottages built
$5o up; stores, hotels, post and phone; 1200 lots
sold; 400 cottages built: San Francisco Agents.
ROWLET 4 PACKARD, 823 Montgomery at.
or M. C. MEEKER, Sonoma County.
H. ak! R. TOCALOMfI Maria C».
: t Bertrand ' Hotel; first-class accommodations;
special ' rates for ; families and . parties : • fishing.
hunting. \u25a0 boating, bathing; beautiful drives to
Bear Valley; telephone. " JOSEPH F. BER-
TRANt). •or North • Shore Ry. ; office. 630 Mar~
ket'st.. every \u25a0.Thursday. 1 2 to 4p. m. •-,-.' •
GLENBROOK RESORT^.
v 3000 ft. - above ' sea leveL \u25a0\u25a0 Trout : flMiing. No
opstalrs. Tents on board floors. Good beds:
$8 per week, board and lodging-. Rates for
rooms *«0 and i $12 1 per week. . TREDW AT ; &
BASSETT, Proprietors. Glenbrook. . Cal. :
; Klamath Hot Springs.
\u25a0 Fishing; hunting ;\u25a0 and '. health resort.- : Leave
train at Ager. Apply to Peck's Tourist Bureau.
11". Montgomery st..'. -S. "F..J or \u25a0 to KDSON'
BROS., Be3Wick,' Slskiyou 'County, for - booklet.
> FASHIOX STABLES.
X H. SMITH.' prop.; : Ukiah, Cal.-»-Tou rists and
ff Hunters :<.: <. furnished with first-class turnouts
it reasonable rates. Write tor particular!.
GALIENTE
SPRINGS
F° T rest, health and • pleasure. - acenerr ' acd
climate. Th» nearest hot salpbar springs to
Ban Frandaco; cure cure for asthma, rheuma-
tism, malaria, kidney. liver and stomach com-
plaints. Hot plunges, tub baths and tha
largest mineral water swimming tank la tha
State; all baths free to guests: trained mas*
sears and swimming teacher. No staging.
Rates. $12 to $14 per w«eJC; special to fam-
ilies. THEO. RICHARDS. Aqua Caiienta. So-
noma County. Cal.. or FECK'S BUREAU. 11
Montsomery st. - . . . . . •
O //A /inn EOT SPRINGS. SOXOStA
tS/f MtiliS COUNTT. only 4^ hour*
WiYnUUHJ from Saa Fraaclac© and
HMaH^BKa tut nine miles staging;
waters noted for medicinal virtues; beat natur-
al hot mineral water bath In State. , Round
trip from San Francisco only $2 50. Tak*
Tiburon ferry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of. the past nine years. Patronaf of
1904 unprecedented. Information at PECX'&m
INFORMATION BUREAU. 11 MontgomexT at.^
Bryan's Bureau, 30 Montgomery st. or of J. V. /7
MUXGRETW. Slum. Cat
ElGarmelo&Sea
("LITTLE DEL mONTE")
Cs the place to take y oar family for a quiet -rwetitan
outing. Fishing, swlmmlnar, irolf and all sport*.
Low rates. Address: GEOBGE. H. CORD Y. Man-
ager Hotel El Carmelo, Pacific Grove, CaUforala.
SARATOGA SPRINGS
15 different mineral springs; curt for alj.
Information at Peck's Bureau.. 11 Montgomery
St., or at J. MARTEN'S. Bachelor P. 0.. Lai»
County. . Cat. . . . ..
WILLIAMS & BAHTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.-
Leaves Williams dally on arrival of northbound
train for Bartlett. Allen" s. Hough'a and Cook's
Springs. Daily except Sunday for Wilbur
Springs and Sulphur Creek. •--•*,
WILLIAM QUIGLKT. . Proprietor.
LAKEPORTASD BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGES L.IKE — Hopland "to Bartiet:
Springs, via Lakeport. carrying pasM&ctrs for
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs. Stages conaeet
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30: arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive a;
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-bors* 11-pa*.
senger tourist wasons. with all th« moat mod-
ern improvements. Passengers for Lakeport or
Bartlett Springs, call for tickets by Bartlatt
Springs Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased"
at office of California N. W. By.. 6SO UarfcaC
at.. •or at Tiburon * ferry.
, MILLER & HOWARD. ' Prop*,
"SUMMIT HOTEIi, Santa Cm Mt*.,
Altitude 1900 ' feet. Open all th« year." J Long-
distance telephone, dally mall. All kinds of
outdoor sport* : first class table: • -thoroughly
enjoyable family resort. Rates, hotel, cottag^p^
and tents*. $S, $10 and. sl2 per week. Special
"to families and clubs. Free 'bus to all ' train*.?
PECK'S BUREAU, ;U Montgomery at.. S. F.
C.: M. DUER. ' Proß.. Wrixhtat Cal. ; j-
REDWOOD RETREAT — Built among
beautiful groves. The fln*at location la Sani*
Crux Mts. - Cream and fruit in abundance.
Home cooking. Swimming tank, and . oinar
amusements. Rate* $T and *s per week. Book-
let at Peck's Bureau or mailed. ' Phono or ad-
dress R. F. WARHAM. CUroy. CaL (R. V.
D 23.) - -
CAMP TAYLOR RESORT — In tha
'Redwoods of Maria Co.. l\i hours from Saa
Francisco. Good accommodations. Cottage*
and camp grounds. Boating, swimming aaa
bowling. Rates. $10 to Sll per week; $3 tj
$2 50 per day.' For particulars write ADAH
EREHM. Prop.; Camp Taylor. CaL ' . - '
CAMP \VAGATIO^ •
Hotel under canvas In i the . redwoods: bcat-
irg. bathing, fishing and other amusemaats:
good table: tents. Only sy, hours from • Saa
Francisco via the California Northwestern Ky.
Secure accommodations. Address C B. Ccopiu»
Camp Vacation. Vacation P. P.. Sonoma Co., Cat.
\u0084. -THE GROVE.
Lake Taho*. ' half mile east of Tallac. on lake
shore. Excellent table board, with nice cut*ld<?
rooms. Rates $2 per day or $10 per week, with
good livery and «addte horses. Boats free to
all 2ue3ts- J. E. PARMETER. proprietor.
Tallac . P. ' O^ : Cal. ... \u25a0 ,
I II OTE L. * - DELVED ERE.
Thirty minutes' * ride * «Tlburoa ' ferry >. n\
FOG. NO-WINDS.- NCW ANNEX of 25 roomiP
rFor particulars ' address -J. W.- ALLEN, Mgr..
; or Peck's Tourists'. Bureau Co., 41 MooizooMiy
»«.: Wriu for aew-bookiau
%-BJa-rTiTI \u25a0\u25a0!\u25a0! s— -*\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 mii sbi m \
m t^Sv 1 V rhl Ir I F 1
11 \u25a0 ' Mppn THP RITTPttQ ll
|| »\u25a0• # - No one need be weak or sickly if they p
II SSI W *N on 'y .^ e H os^^' s^ oll^^ Bitters. ||
M " Mmi For years it has been making weak peo- ||
*1 7eSi pl 6 strong and has restored more sickly P
§1 jIl^L people to robust health than any other s|
I h;ml w Stomach Bitters |
11 \?M&!fe^ should therefore be given a fair trial by every |i
P man or woman who suffers from LOSS OF II
I Pl^^^H APPETITE, BELCHING, HEART= I
I HHIISI BURN, INSOMNIA, DYSPEPSIA, ||
•i Bli^^H INDIGESTION, CONSTIPATION, ||
i" iHBB'IB tiyER TROUBLES -OR MALARIA, ||
: WW&S& PEVER AND AGUE. It. positively ||
\u25a0Bj^^^^^;* cures such ailments, as hundreds of grateful |l
people have voluntarily testified. Here is ||
excellent proof: Jig
| ' Evanston.Wyo. ;; y . Kansas City, Mo. -!! -ll
§8 '' Gentlement-^-Your Bitters hejped me ; ; 'Gentlemen:— l, have used your Bitters > g^
|» ' ||- wonder fully /? when ni v system was - : run - ; as ; a tonic for a . weak stomach and firmly ' "ig
8§ i d0WI? " I l^lieve it isthe best tonic in the ; J believe that it is without arr^ Q ii^aU |; ||
S« * world. ' ', *;~; ~ :-:\u25a0 . ' :. \u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0,"\u25a0'-' \u2666 t N '* ' :'-';: '-' ; ' : ; - '•'• .'"-;'•-\u25a0•••\u25a0--.'\u25a0\u25a0 " . \u25a0 \u0084;\u25a0§«
||; ;;'.•'; : R.cS. SPENGE: " .?"::;,'" \ DR.D. B.HAEBERLE. \u2666||
i| * THE GENUINE HAS OUR PRIVATE ST^
Back East Excursions
Found Trip Tickets b
Chicago $ 72 S9
St. Loais 67 no
Memphis ; 67 50
New Orleans 67 so
Kansas City 60 00
Omaha 60 00
St. Paul 70 00
Minneapolis 70 00
Duluth . 72 50
Fort Worth 60 00
New York 108 50
Boston 100 50
Philadelphia 107 50
Baltimore 107 00
Washington. D. C 107 00
09 EAL3 '
Ju'r 3<-28-2«.
Angst 15-16-24-25.
Eeptetntocr T-B^-10-11-l«-H.
\u25a0 Gocd for 00 days.
DEKVEB XX) EEXDSH $M.oi
0» BALE [y'U . -
A«rn«t JO-IMMO4L
Good tor 40 fiaya.
Tbca* tickets v* all bosorcd oa
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED
ASK THE SANTA FE.
669 Karktt Street
H MEN JNLY
WMm ALWAYS CURE
Oar ur.«qufLied euccecs is due to our wonder-
\u25a0 tal c«res, 3 United Museum Doctor* counsel
In each case. 3 t'.mea surer than one doctor
cr en "L" Psjr te* onlr li. .or when cured.
Varicocele and Stricture
Currt without Dangerous Surgery. New
tnrtbod not known to "I" doctors. No useless
"lrricaUrg or dllaticg. Abov« Men's Diseases
unfit men for Army. Police, Civil Service,
Work. Marrtaga or Bctlr.ecs. See tree Museum
of Anatomy to-day. Removed to 1023 Market
.street. 12 doors above glxth street.
DONfT DELAY
- Hear museusi Illustrated lecture* nightly,
leern anatomy ot man and woman, know who
should marry, who sot. Lost vigor and its
results explained at Lieb'.g Halls, 810 Kearny
street and
1023 Market Street. /
Call fer write THE DR. LIEBIG STAJT.
i vjsit DR. JORDAN'S great
Ihuseom of anatomy
• C3I mi KiECET ST - l»»l- Ctht<tM,S.r.C4L
\ Bf ThaLuTMt Anatoadcal VoM«mUtt*
A , , jjPh, W*rio> Wnkcnifs cr »»». cvstneicd
T MptS a«&^ tl'tmit p»«lil»«-Jy cmi-t-4 tr tt» oldttt
j L%gsl 03, JGRDAK-DISEASES OF HER
\ l€s*sf a Ces'Sitttlea fret ul strlctl* prirau
B? I Ir€l 3 Trwtaiflt p»ricn»Uy or bj l«u«r. A
TI W »fl W pMUim. cure U ct*t/ east noStraif a- ,
MT if iv Write Jor Book, rKH,Oh«P»T»«.i'
¥ f (j r» RAnnUGc, uxilhd fee£. *a
i *fr ji' t«:«»b;« bocl:fi>rs»a.)
f DB.JOBDAKdCO.. IOiIMarfc-fl St-.S. K.
Weak-Men and Womßn
HOULD USE D AMI ANA BITTERS, THE
Great Mexican - Remedy; ' ttres - health and
WtttZfUt to MXSJd ecgZDK Cepct, £23 UATktL
' \u25a0 ........ ... \u25a0\u25a0-..\u25a0
fore entering on an active fa^^^^Eir
]S|?W campaign, glimpses of wh : ch are cl- Wm'/
J&m M ready in evidence, we are determined ek^PL
Wj3 Sto close out every vestige of such lot" 1 wW
Ijr# still remdnms unsold from the past* %\g
WM season. TH£ PRICES PLACED ON \%
Mb these various small lots \m
if ARE SO RJDICULOUSLY LOW II
w that perhaps a day's selling will suffice mff
to close tliem out. Nothing must be W
\ left. It h our strictest, rule not» to $
\ carry a single garment from one sea- B
\ son into another. A charge will be m
1 made for all alterations whatsoever. Jf
| SILK SUITS I
k . TaDor-Made and Shirt Waist Styles &
H Those rans^ng in price from $65.00 to $80.00: your H
M choice at : 932.50 H >
MB Tho?e rznsring in price from $45.00 to $6o.oo;your Efl
j§M Those ranging in price from $2.1.00 to $42.«;o: your gl
£& choice at J?14.5(V ga
LINEN SUITS 11
B[f* All previously priced from $23.50 to $3700. now.. H«
ii FANCY 6OWNS "\u25a0 "|I
an In wool and silk, for street wear, raneina in price lj* «
o|l from $75-00 to $90.00; your choice at. ... .?29.50 gH
ii TAILOR-MADE SUITS Ii
a I Rancin? in price from $52.50 to $85.00; your choice. ||
Those ranging in price from $42.50 to $65.00: your M*|
V|| choice, now, at .?i!0.7."> jrii
Those ranging m price from $30.00 to $40.00; your Ea
wL choice., now $14. 50 Mf
§£ Of Mohair, Panama and checks, ranprinjr in price JM
j^k from $15.00 to $20.00; your choice now at. .$0.75 Jja
I^i Another lot of skirt? ranging up to $10.00 at $-.S5 i|s
fil ALL THEATER. COATS f§
ffi Xi And coats of silk and mohair at raerelv nominal IB -
ffl If prices, for instance, $75.00 coats reduced to a \yS
SL M 525.00 coats reduced to §12. 50 H
SILK WAISTS ®M
Those ranging in price from $25.00 to $.10.00: your <EjW&
W\\ \u2666 choice at 915.00*, fit SJS
V^ Ktt Those lroiri - 200 ° to $30.oo; your choice at bsJMfS
iff 'WOMENy APPAREL EXCWWELY
M\ 117 GEARY S7. " J
The Singer Sewing Machine Company
Extends to you a cordial invitation to
visit its Pavilion
. -.- • • •
IN THE MANUFACTURES BUILDING
- at the
Lewis and ClarK Exposition
PORTLAND. OREGON
This PaviEon will contain machines for, every stitching process used
m the f amity and in manufactures, some of which mu£ be of interest
to you. Many of these machines will be running and all will be
capable of operation
Samples cf their work 'will be given to those intereiled
. \u25a0 % '\u25a0 .also \u25a0-\u25a0 •
Free Souvenir Views of
Pacific Coast Scenery
There are Five Sets, each comprising Ten Views
IN AN ENVELOPE READY FOR MAILING
TTTTP C~* A T T "
Prints dally not only more netrs bat more reliable and Interesting; neivs than
any San Francisco newspaper. *-*.*-• r ~'
During the season It frill have more information of •what is colas •» st the
Summer Resorts than any of Its contemporaries. It tvIII be. therefore, the
most valuable medium for advertising - Summer Resort attraction-*. It win h-
found on file at the resorts and will be sent by mall to any address for -0
cents per -vreeK or 75 cents per month.
Don't foreet to order The Call before leaving for your summer outinsr.from peritonitis.Ydueitb^exces
si ye I taking *of { pills,^ was stated . to *bo
the cause'of a^ woman's "death; at a Bris
tol" (England) inquest.' ' ' " . \u0084 •' !
k*; 1 ;. Engage your tables ! Grand ' opening of
Cliff . House \ hew '* girl 11 •'Sunday/' Aug. 2 7. •
Three years of development; work = have
shown - that \u25a0 the oil \u25a0 fields about Kyak and
Catella, \ ln \u25a0/ Alaska; ; ; will ') not } rival those
of I- Pennsylvania;^ Something \ like , H. 000,"
000 ; has , been spent "\u25a0\u25a0 by various : companies
in exploring for oil, .wtthout result., ; "
.f. The I land dunes that were south of
tb|^ Park li recent history— — <
2 The grrowth ; of ; the Sunset district has
been ' strong ! and \u25a0teady-—' '.-. ; . ... .
Good opportunities for lnvesttmeuts
through Sunday It enl Estate columns. \u25a0
The police are for a" man
giving the'name of Joseph- Berendt, who
Is wanted on a charge of grand larceny.
On'i'.Wcdnesday last Mrs. : C. H. : Brown,
wife\of.tho president Vof ;the . Orpheum
Company,' lost her S gold .w atch, .valued
at : slso, \u25a0which was • stolen ; from" her,; on
a ':: Sacramento^ street . car.' She inserted
an 'advertisement ; in the morning ; pa
pers and on Friday she recelved'a letter
at her residence,* 2137 Pacific avenue,
which contained; a ; pawn \u25a0 ticket f or : the
"watch,^ issued:at r 'lo3 r Stockton^ street.
The : watch ;had ; been pledged '\u25a0 for. : s22.
The ticket bore the ; Ame ' "Joseph ; Ber-,
endt"* and , the : address 1204- Howard
street;:"-;';. *V-'l-:'' ':: : "-' : ''' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 'M'rV-'"'-'
P;Mrs. s Brown notified the police yester-;
<Jay ; morning, and swore to 'a. complaint
before "Police?? Judge : ;Conlan charging
Berendt' with "grand larceny. ..} Detective
Taylor^ was \u25a0 , detailed \u25a0 on ? the . case.*?? He
wentiitolthe! pawn * shop/; presented v the
ticket Tand 'recovered ; the '; stolen >. watch-
He "•; then \u25a0-' went-, to ; 1204 f Howard { street,
but no one "of the name ' of.' Berendtjwas
known »there^l"Tlie'3: pawnbrokers jwas
able ?. to "give , a \u25a0 full . "description*? of * the
thieLv v •\u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-•--.-:::\u25a0
Police" 'Are • Searehtnsr; for Joseph Ber
' ] endt, .Who Is .Wanted on Grand I
:.h ~ : \u25a0 LtLTceny: Charge. : ;
PICKPOCKET SENDS A] PAWN
- ;. ; \u25a0\u25a0:^TICMET FOR STOLEN \u25a0'• WATCH
A. J. WhedlockVdied early; yesterday
morning at the. home of .his sistcr-in-"
law, Mrs; : W. • X. . Wheelock.i 556 'Clayton
street." His "death "• was i.caused *by heart
disease 'and other serious complications.
; Mr. UWheeloclc? was -for.; many; years .i
prominent : broker of \ this city. \ ' He en
joyed a; fine reputation "In the 'business
comniuhity and had a legion of friends.
The,; funeral; will take place s to-morrow,
afternoon • from the Wheelock V home,
and the ; interment : will be at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. . :
Well>Knofvn Broker | Dies.
'To holders of •round-trip tickets" from
the East to this meeting of the Societies
of the Christian Church the" Santa -Fe
Railway will sell, round-trip tickets to
Yosernlte Valley at rate of $25.90. The
weather in • the Valley. "is ? exceptionally
fine during- August, which, with the
oiled roads via the SantaFe, makes the
trip '\u25a0\u25a0- thoroughly, enjoyable. Full .par
ticulars as to. the trip to Yosemite may
be obtained at: Santa Fe. Office, "No.: 6s3
Market street. ,_ _ ' \u0084;... '-" * "
Notice to Delegates to Christian Church
Conveution and Their Friends. :
The Board "of' Public Works does' not
expect ! any strike of the street sweepers
in:its employ, who are required to , work
on" Saturday afternoons, although the law
makes it a half-holiday. Commissioner
Eagan stated yesterday that there are
only thirty sweepers detailed for work on
Saturday afternoon, in order that the
streets in the downtown district may be
kept clean during the time when traffic
is on. The sweepers are to take turns. on
Saturday, afternoons, so that the j same
thirty will work' every six weeks on the
half-holiday. • Eagan says the sweepers
have received many privileges and should
not object to helping the board out owing
to its financial" inabH|ty to hire additional
men or give double pay for,the half-holi
day; work. •\u25a0'.;•' Ifj^/j? ' "" 'I . •
"We do not expect any strike," said
Eagan, adding , slgniticanOy, "and Presi
dent Maestretti has given orders* that any
man- , who : refuses -to \ work • on ' Saturday
sfternoon \ does . so under pain of dis
charge!"' \ •"
-Mr. Shaughnessy, in charge, of the
street sweeping work," said yesterday aft
ernoon that the street . sweepers were en
tirely \u0084v satisfied : and - everything; was pro
gressing : satisfactorily." The rgang de
tailed for. the afternoon, work had report
ed without a murmur, and Shaughnessy
said the ' report that a strike \u25a0Is imminent
was • made ; for the • purpose : of ' causing
trouble^ and demoralizing 'r the work" of
street sweeping," which'is being well done
at present. ''"\u25a0'•'-)'.'\u25a0•"'. , ...
Maestreitl Itinueii Orders That -Street
Sweepers Refusing: to Work'Sntur
day Afternoon Be DlicUargcd:
IJoag &, Lansdale have been; appoint
ed agents for •. the ..Taylor \Tract iin San
Mateo. This tract .has: been -•the; home
of the \u25a0\u25a0 Taylor^ family ,£, £ f or ."\u25a0 many, "years,
but now has been subdivided into'lots
and ; • Second ' and ?;Thlrd 'avenues have'
been opened through to" the county road.
It Is expected .; that'; Second ; avenue? will
become the main 'business ! street of the
town, inasmuch as before: Jt'was opened
a long detour was? necessary; to!^ reach
the county road. The street work. In
cluding sewer, gaa,'! macadamizing," etc.;
has been done, and the; property will be
put on sale. to-morrow., ,?:; f--'-}. , '\u25a0],
:\u25a0 "\ Hoag \u25a0& Lansdale- have sold .700 acres
of grain i land near 1 Fresno . to ; v Andrew
Mattel " for. j,'J. K 'l 8. % '; Haggl h %et I al. for.
$30,000; ; also i the Paxson - Howard '\u25a0\u25a0 prop
ertyj in '< San | Mateo.°i near Highland ; ParkY
consisting ' of | the f residence r / and X" two
acres , of . ground, Uo jTllomaa :-\T.v;Wlse-'
man onprivato terms*
COUNTRY. AND SUBURBAN.
-Z* M. . Brilliant . and M. "^ Rothschild. " have
leased the northwest • corner of Stockton
and Sutter streets from Scott & Van Ars
dale for ten. years for $97,200. * V
• Henry Durnhani ' and .William S Kaufman
are buildine residences ' to '\u25a0 cost $20,000 at
Highland Park,' SanMateo. *.
The property; owners' on > the line front
ing Thirty-sixth avenue, between' Point
Lobos avenue and / B » street, have peti
tioned the Board of Public Works to raise
the official . grade ; * between those : streets
eight feet,,- to"** give that thoroughfare,
which" is sto*_bei opened 'shortly,: a : more
uniform slope toward the 1 park.
The following sales are reported by Sol
Getz & Son: Lot 25x120 feet* on west line
of Forty-seventh avenue, north of S
street, to Sarah Lawson; 25x120 . feet on
west line of Forty-seventh avenue, north
of L street, to' Eugene G. Soule; 75x100
feet on north line of A. street,! east of
Thirty-fourth avenue, to 1. B. Cameron;
25x100 feet on north" line of I street, west
of Twenty-fourth avenue, to Bertha Zim
merman; 25x120 feet on west line of For
ty-seventh avenue, 3outh of X street, to
E. G. Sanell; 50x100 feet on south Jinc of
J street, west of Forty-third avenue, to
M.E. McCarthy; 75x100 feet on north line
of O street, east of Foi-ty-seventh ave
nue, to Margaret E. McCarthy ; 25x120
feet on west line of Twenty-fourth ave
nue, north of I street, to ; Walter A. Da
vis; 29:5x120 feeton east line of Twenty
eighth avenue, south of B street, to
James B. ;Kenyon;> 50x120 feet on east
line of Thirty-fourth ' avenue, south of
Point Lobos avenue, to J. R. Crigier; 23x
120 feet on west line of Thirty-fourth ave
nue; north of Point Lobos avenue, to An
na Henkel. • . : .'\u25a0..- . ;"•
For the first ' time blocks and streets
are being put to grade on. the south side
of Point Lobos 'avenue west of Thirtieth
avenue. Sol Getz & Sons are having their
block between Point Lobos avenue and A
6trcet and Thirty-third, and Thirty-fourth
avenues leveled and the streets put to
grade ready for homes to be ' erected
thereon. ;.'; : . .
W. D. Brown & Co. have sold 25:6x80
feet on the northeast line of Clementina
street, j northeast of Fourth street, with
two-story • frame, for P^ E. Ducheine.to'
the White Investment Company, for $GOOO.
OCEANS IDE PROPERTIES. 7 ;
'\u25a0''\u25a0 Through , the agency of the \u25a0\u25a0' country
depai tment of G. H. Umbsen *&. Co.* the
following sales have been made: Farm
of 320 acres .near San Miguel. Monterey
County, t'or'J. Hawes to _N. j Ellsworth
for $4500; 40 acres near Certs. Stanis
laus Pouuty. -to J. E. Singer for $4000;
25 acres near. Napa for G. Gitto . to H.
Flick for $3000; 10 acres north of Hay
wards to Willlan: Marsh ;for $3500: .2;
acres adjacent to" Sebastopol, Sonoma:
County, to Mrs. F. Geiken for 31000; 10
acres near Sebci3lopol for $2000 to J: F.
JBrowfr; 12 acres near Petaluma for
$2000 to J. J. Terry. :
i Sales have bf;un made . by Chatfleld . &
Vinzent as follows: 1100 acres in; Te
hama. County *f or, P. I. Calender to Wil
liam C. Lamptob. for $11,000;, 130 acres
near Live -Oak, Sutter County. O. S.
Spencer to Chsirles T. Clinton, for $5250;
14? acres in Big* Vajley, Lake County,
R.. Hirdman to. Frederick Randall,- :,; for,
$2100: 83 acres of reclaimed marsh. near
Alviso, J. F.;l''engaus to Antonio R.;
Baldena, for $5000; 4 lots in the Hunt
e;\s Tract. 'BliioU Point. Aiarin County,
to Rokcr & Tierney, for $2000; also lots
in Map X.» Mayilc.ld, and-in the Maybell
Trart near Palo. Alto. .
DOARD OP WORKS DOES,
" 'NOT EXPECT- ANY STRIKE
Center & Spader have received bid 3 arid
deposits for properties of. the estate of
Henry Horstmann as follows: 48x100 feet
on the southeast line of Howard street,
117 feet northeast - from Seventh, Eliza
Stern, $19,000; .24:5x80 feet on the north
west side of Harrison street, 113:1 feet
northeast from Sixth. Richard Wagner,
$4775; 50x70 feet on the northwest line, of
•Howard street, 200 feet northeast from
Fourth. Henry A. Arnold, $18,250; 45:10x276
feet on the southeast side of Berry street,
275' feet southwest from Fifth, Joseph
Magnin, $21,500; southeast corner of Bry
ant and Eighth streets, Marie Hagemann,
$5200.. */•'.; i
Castle, Payne & McLeod, Inc., report
the following sales: Lot 25x114 feet, on
north line of Twenty-filth* street, 100 feet
east of Vicksburg/ William de Brie to K.
A. Stolner, for $1000; southeast corner \u25a0of
Army and Dolores streets, 39x39:8 feet,
Frances J. Hughes to A. Weber, for $900;
25x95 feet on the east line of \u25a0• Castro
street, 60 feet north of Nineteenth,; with
stores and two fiats, E. Goodman •\u25a0. to J.
Furderer, for $8500; 25x100 feet on ,the west
line of . Kansas street, south of Twenty
fourth, and . cottage, from ' M. '. Broderick
to Louis P. Trost,' for $2350; 26x100 feet
on" west ., line of Florida street, between
Twenty-second v and Twenty-third,- with
two flats,' from Victor Evars to M." Brod
erick, for, $3250. : ;
The United ; Bank and Trust .Company:
has bought for a' "client- from V.Mrs.'
Schoenfeld and I Mrs. Burmeister ' 25x77:6
feet' on the northeast line of Third'street,
70 feet northwest of. Silver, with old im
provements, for *15,000.
Florin L. Jones has sold his three
houses and cottage, with the lot, 40x76:9
feet, on the southeast corner of Hyde
and Vallejo 'streets to Ellsworth E. John
son, on private terms. .
Mrs. R. F. Boyd and Mrs. Jean Rowell
have sold 25x137:6 feet on the north line
of Geary street, 87:6 feet west of Jones,
and four-story building, to, William Wan
kowski. Florin L. Jones was the agent
of the buyer and Frank F. Chamberlain
of the seller. • ,
Fourth, southwest 45:6 by southeast 70
fectj for close to $20,000. It is the pur
chaser's intention to erect a large .brick'
building on this lot.
The William -Cranston Company has
sold for Archbishop Montgomery the
southeast corner of Haight and Ash
bury streets to two clients. Maurice
Hosenthal purchased tlie corner, 125 x
100, for $25,000. and McKillop Bros.
50x100 on Ashbury for $6200. They have
also sold for the Western Basket Com
pany to M. Fisher & Co. the northeast
corner of Nineteenth and Harrison
streets, fronting 124:3 on Nineteenth by
a uniform depth along Harrison and
Alabama streets of 275 feet, for closu
to $26,000. , Shainwald, Buckbee & Co.
representing the owners. For Bertha
Kroger, 25x100 on the west side of Mis
sion street.- 95 feet south of Valencia,;
for $2500: for P. J. Krlandson to a cli
ent, southeast corner of Nineteenth and
York streets. I'Sx'Jl. with two flats, for
$4300: E. J. Malmgren to a client,
26x100 on the north side of T street.
57:6 feet east of Forty-seventh avenue,
for. $450. -
SOME MI.VOX SALES MADE.
E.VGI.NEEH STUT BEGINS .
PREPARATION OF PLANS j
Will Have Assistance of Stx Draughts- I
mf n for Preparing .Work on Xew
Geary-Street Road. '\u25a0)\u25a0"/.-,'\u25a0
. Engineer J. H. Stut. who has been en
gaged to prepare the plans, for the Geary
street road, which is to be reconstructed
by the city, entered upon his duties yes-
terday. Stut will . have the assistance of
six draughtsmen in preparing the plans,,
which will be completed in three months.
If nothing intervenes construction of the
new road will begin' by the end of the
present year. ,
—. — \u25a0
Try the United States Laundry. 1004
Market street. Telephone South 420.* •
A loafer never eats any sweef bread..*
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have, with
in the last forty-eight hours, closed
eales on Fourth street. Mission street
and Union Square, amounting very
closely to 51,000.000. The following
are among those made:
Northeast corner Nineteenth . and
Harrison streets, 124:3x275 feet, from
the Western Basket Manufactur
ing Company, for $30,000. William
Cranston & Co. representing the pur
chasers; southeast corner Broadway
and Montgomery avenue, 66:8%x51:3
feet, for $26,000, for John F. Boyd to
F. K. Houston; north line of Clay
street. 137:6 feet east of Maple, 40x
127:SV* feet and improvements, from
Bekeart to Eisenberg, for |23,000;
southwest corner Broadway and Lagu
na street, two private residences and
50x100 feet, Florence N. Ward to Leo
pold C. Meyer, for $22,500; southwest
corner Fourteenth and Sanchez streets,
105x105 feet, Metropolitan Laundry
Company to Siebrecht, for $17,000;
south line of Haigbt street, 90 feet east
of Clayton, 2»:l!xl00 feet, for $5250,
Freeman to Van Duzer; ten lots on
Sixth avenue,* in block bounded by A
and B .streets, Fifth and Sixth avenues,
l£aVfriSr but four lots unsold on the en
tire Sixth-avenue frontage.
Thomas Magree & Sous have sold 60x
73 fe*.t on the eitst fcitle of Fifth street,
fcO feet south of Mission, with three
fctorr frame building, for close to
550,000. Thi6 is the first sale that has
been made on this block of Fifth street,
the only other sale, made on the sec
ond ulock of Fifth street, being t
piece on the west side, north of How
ard, made in ISO?. A notable Incident
cm Fifth, street was the sale of a piece
on the east side. SO feet north of Mis
sion, which changed bands three times
about two years ago.
For Louis Bartlett the same firm has
cold the buildings and lot on the north
west corner of South Park and Center
place, 26.6x97:6 feet, and also fronting
on Park lam; North, for $13,000: for
l>yer Bros., property on the west
6ide of S«cond Ftreet. between Harrl-
Bpn and Silver, 35x90, with two-story
building, for $9000; for W. F. Whittier.
tor $4450. lot ou the west side of How
ard street. 215 south of Twentieth. Six
140 feet, on which the purchaser In
tends to erect a residence.
.Shainwald. Buckbee & Co. have sold
to a client of Thomas Magee & Sons
the property on the southeast line of
Jessie street. 275 feet southwest of
A. F. Morrison has bought from
Oeorge W. Haas 50x57:6 feet on the
east line of Larkin street, 57:6 feel
north of McAllister, for $26,000. '
TOTAL IS ? 1,000.000.
The Starr Estate Company has sold
to B, Davldow the northeast corner ot
Third and Townsend streets, 75x80 feet,
tor {42.500.
Nelson, Johnson & Co. have sold for
Louis Friedlander and J. K. Houston to
H. O. Trowbridge the southeast corner
of Third and Brannan streets, with im
provements, for SBO.OOO.
The sales of real estate during the
past week have Included several of
more than ordinary importance, but the
total is not as large as for some weeks
preceding. The market Is strong and
steady and Is based on the certainty
that San Francisco has several years
cf prosperity Immediately in sight, ir
respective of any outside causes.
.. TJie reasons for this confidence are
found in the construction of the West
ern Pacific Railroad, which will cause
the expenditure of millions of dollars
in thi« part of the State: the expendi
ture of millions to be derived from the
•ale of the city's bonds and the general
prosperity of the State and the steady
natural growth of San Francisco and
Its surroundings. These considerations
are all strong. Together they insure
the future of San Francisco from the
real estate point of view very thor
oughly.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. have sold the
northeast corner of Van Ness avenue
and Sutter street. 120x120:3 feet, to
the Scottish Rite Consistory as a build-
Ing site for $130,000 for William B.
Bourn. \u25a0
One Firm Disposes of Prop
erty Valued at Nearly
a Million in Two Days
SOME BIG SALES MADE
Building of Western Pa
cific Strengthens Faith
in Lpcal Heal Estate
REALTY MARKET
STILL STRONG
31
THE /SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNI^Y,. AUGUST
Final Millinery^^^ Dollar Specials
Clearance . kE'l P^* i AMmfik "MM^M^V l*^ anvllfUkJ , men , s Fk *j ademear
For thc^season's^wind-up^wc hay« _ \u0084,,-; - »^ : - ' \u25a0 V« A : V>| I " ' Fine Ribbed Wool and Cotton Mixed
Grand Grocery Demonstration S3ie xr^zs^rz.'ss
$8.00, and will sell them <T| QO \MlCtil%i \JI UVLI f 1/Vlf 1 VJItJHCIII VII finiih . Worth Sx.ss. •Ct HH
to-morrow for >pk»SU \ ' / M .. *\u25a0''>:'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0WBs§3sSossis£k ' " '\u25a0• Sale price .' 4? i •1/1/
Those which have always sold for THE FIRST OF THE KIND EVER HELD IN THE CITY rOneita" Union* Sirits^Made of the
$3.00, $4.00 and $5.00 will ff"f (If) • - ... . . .-. H*":-; fejA ''V best menno: have tull finished
goat J/I.VI/ mvan./q !\u25a0 PI /V fPHI P V^ mf- \u25a0•- \u25a0^^^^t^^ c L^f^AV\ sea , ms : cut high neck, tone sleeves
, r . , . ,-,.,, , TT . r , B Bba flUt &J B — m-rn \u25a0Jy m 1 a ft« m*9 Bmm W .-"-••' ' IvJ f7ttr~~~~J<&^ t:^&>~<W' 1 itiyD and ankle length; colors, cream and
Misses' and Children's Hats, formerly | W |-» M* lI:fTiJfiVF" fC I T \^ VSI ' M^S^^is^^ 7^/ii- -gray. Worth $i.3v* Sale; C 1 /l/l
priced at $2.00 and $2.50, are hQ f J f | JL« kJ? SLm .'. WI% %T I% I kwm ±J : «^^^sl fi ! I - price, 5uit......,: 4>i«UU
69c and. . . ...^ \u25a0\u25a0\u0084..-\u25a0 mm^Sß^^t^^^^^^^f^^p"' '^J Flat Weave PantS - and Vests - The
Pompons, Aigrettes, Feathers and • M fl A BSOti BoUt |l^^^^ W^^^^^mt^N^k WMMm^mTAf^SOAPxMI 44" a -splendid value, at Si.2>. Sale
all the new trimming novelties. Our p|§|, „ - j. tt > WM^^ MM Wf^^Y^Ws. price, garment C 1 Hf)
millinery workroom is now running For to-morrow we nave an extraordinary grocery oner, and feo^^^Mw^ &~ hi-S-tS i\ r^ji^w^^^^SQ \u25a0 • *
with a big force. Special orders one that w /// undoubtedly be gladly welcomed. A package con- mWJ9^MM^im il^SS^ • .
wm be promptly filled. a nberal quantjtyof fftc gmceries enumerated below. will f^^^W Mt jMm^s^^^m§md^M [Advance Suit Styles
! i,* rn^mr be 9' ven ABSOLUTELY FREE to every customer purchasing to the 'Wm&zM |I 1 $^^oTaMW^^^F\ Some of the choicest samoies of the
LdCc \jUildii\b amount of $1.00 or over in our Grocery and Liquor Department; H soAP°7jt)A\ 1^ c " £ *™"J!-$k season? fashions in ladies* suits are
t\rm n • 1 ' #f»« ~tf~B J««, nA * f-,!,,^ «,»„- -, n A eitn ny rw\ovc r\r ani/ nvAore hu -*— tfegtg»^»afe^: ]/>\u25a0£} » -**» mi i =a«^« c * .now arriving and we have selected
95c Pair f " e offer does not include flour and sugar orders or any oraers by wa \u25a0\u25a0«"\u25a0" . .. . *~™™' r '« { *** . . - t one item fpr mention here -to-
" ma/7 or telephone. There are twelve different articles in the package, every one being well known and at the head of iff par- day. This suit which- we have ii-
M wh£ t^i! t! t Z*£ licu ! ar j> a *- Ott V' m^ sepack^ av f^^ %0$;£V828&a0
60 inches wide and 3 yards long; early Monday morning, so that you may be sure to get one. Each package will contain all ths following named articles: it is made in frock stvie. wxth coat
S P *edal d to^ow $lalrI alr and OC°' USFOFGROCH^ | £§B§^
.!'. eC . 1 ?..! O " m . Or . r . OW .'.! >a !y. '.".*.. 95C C. B. Jennings & Co., i-pound package Pillsbury's C. B. Jennings Co", 1 package Fig Prune. Cereal Fischbeck & Co., 1 package of Kleeno Washing
" * "=^=^=l=l^ ' * Vitos; a wheat food. Health Coffee, just y2y 2 of the regular 25c size. Po^ dd J r ' the best lon1 on th , e m a rk et. V^&
%hn<> Np\fifQ Western Creameries'. Co., 1 can Isleton Cream, M.J. Brandenstein & Co., 1 package of M. J. B. foC]d a delichtful breakfast dish.
UfllUfZ IfClfi/^ made in a sanitary creamery; none better. :' Coffee, sufficient for four portions. Spanish American Food Co.. 1 trial can Spanish
Women's Blucherette Patent Kid Pacific Coast Borax Co., 1 sample bar of 20-Mule Standard Biscuit Co., a half-pound carton ' of American Boneless Tamales. made in their ISSyi) ''\u25a0
Oxford Ties, made of the best . Team Borax Soap, a soap "that contains borax. Paradise Soda Crackers. See announcements \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 r *™ d « l .- %*%£\u25a0 Cn^^TT^^ Celln-l Y^BvWM ""
material will not rrarlr liW orHin- »^. ..» . ..». . J ; - • . t"\\ • t \u25a0 t • ' CCUUIOIO. OtarCll CO. — -2 Sample packages V-eilU- \^'£s&d 3aSSH .\u25a0
material, \\in not ciacK nice oroin California Winery Co. of Sacramento, i full ...in packages for premiums. . loid Starch. \u25a0 j ?omk*J#S^}
leather* 3 have half-pint bottle of" their famous Cordova Gold N. K. Fairbanks Co., i bar Fairbanks' Glycerine x Cook Book of useful receipts from the world's t^^^^^o^ •
large ' eyelets Medal Port or Sherry Wine. Tar Soap. (Half regular size.) famous chefs. . ' Y&^W^wS
ribbon! de t he Big Pr- U/tff CIPUAf H /^flAfl^ flAffi fU(%fKFSV Jhe Greatest Event of " I|§ferl
W^^mi^oT n^ Inventory Sale nOUbtnUlU CIUUOD hNU LKULIILKY its Kind on Record j M|
hand s o^iTs Monday morning we Will inaugurate a sale of Household Goods and Crockery which has never had its equal in Mff^^m
a n d this city, and it is positively certain i that at no^ other ..time will these values be'eclipsed. Stock taking is about to jMMW^^K
? hVied commence in this department, and it is now our intention to have the amount of goods on hand reduced one-half
Cuba <i or more before starting the inventory. We have. cut prices far below* trie regular values and the offers made in to- '
Worth fully sibo OuTtf o r/i da y :s announcement .\vill create the greatest stir among people who are posted as to what, these goods are actually "^^M^^^^^
special price, pair $d.JU worth. Dealers, in this city are obliged to pay more for the same goods than the prices quoted here.. T^^H^^P^?-
•=V Dl«^ «-/! WI,:/a C« n «, J lU«*A_i_LiZ 1 D*inn Not long ago we bought the entire stock of high-grade Three-Coated Enamel Ware . /J?
' Art Sheeo Skins Blue and whife Enamel Ware— /2 Price belongi ,f g ;f OO ne: oiM ®*®m Em. '0m at pi ces 'i*&?m a bis loss SrX^^X'LA ".«;
.\u25a0T-'-^r •*-»«--- to him. These goods are now offered in our Pre-Inventory Sale at figures which insure big savings to our customers. collars. It has the new i.veore lao
We have secured a large stock of ' - ''" " - •\u25a0\u25a0--- \u25a0 <\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 ' ' . ' ''..."' " seams and pleated skirt 3. Comes in
good sized, choice quality sheep fnfXf 1 {/EDI/ COC/ 1 ! IS I C • tJf\ltCPUf\l fS /I^l/lOC I Dme - black and brown fancy mix-
skins for this seasons decorative CROCHCRY SrtLiHLb -^ nVUDCnULU UUUUD tures. Sizes 34 to XX. There could
art and pyrographic work. The \u25a0 .All /< 7 7 7 >\ be . nothing more stvlisk Priced
collection includes the most desir-' / £^S^, V *Z.~Z»*n L-l ti xf^^ f-'.\^:\ special for Monday, ff -1 C /l/l
able shades in red, green, brown, i®feS^ WWj' WMSmW \u25a0 ' •SP=^ a^& /^^^^T - " (l^V^ J alterations extra 4>IJ.VV
t^iSifloleilnmli mZ^\' <^S^) - \u25a0\u25a0-^gr?.- r^^™l 111 * Dress Trimming Less Than Half
iree oi cnarge. some in tne lot Wjr*>?j Sf )/ VsL "*=>=«»='-• 3/ . - \u25a0 \hvksi"h <\> \% v. '. 1* •;•-•<\u25a0?\u25a0\u25a0 -'J \u25a0 \u25a0 .- - .» \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'•«..• -a »% •
are worth 75c and more. They will *§S^H^^*^"Vy \u25a0 \u25a0 "^ »iai!|-| | l»ji« »V' :Z: Z : W9 uiar P rlce 20c; special.. rfICC
be placed on sale Monday C(\g, * \2W^>^W Coffee Cups and Saucers Class Fruit Bowls— F a n c.y \u25a0 \}^iz^^^ :^^<^_^^ \u25a0 lOc We have a fine assortment of Dress
Children's Dresses SrH£ >* L: lOc <Z ™" --^ i^M|B<HSii^^^M li^^i^g
. P""**''* tc .... . -• ...... xx J ~--_a_t--^>' . -^^-——ss^ «- ||Ug^ftd»-^^-^ -' „, | g a ; n coim ter. They include ao-
_ „ , /!! Ctl ? n4) o . I' P fice ••;•-;• 9Sc <^SO^> I^^ B1 wmu Wl 111 Car..n X Knife aa d Fort- Pljqu^ Persian, gimp and lace trim-
Fast Colored Gingham— Russian ef- -srfQw Class ' &&tft? s{ *t- ?£~^% Mountain Freezers >#i ; M Solid black handle;. good mtngs, and to-morrow s oooortum-
fect blouse, with Gibson back; Wm) Flower \^^tJ^7 at sale price! M$ M:' ' stee , l blade: fork has ties will be so Rreat that dress -
trimmed with braid and buttons; §&W vas »— * " \u25a0\u25a0*'\u25a0 \^.''-^/ s - rr i r - s!ze - : regular \u25a0 --•.'«• tv.-v n^ r(^ u: \!".'/ ii _ proto 'i t 2 r - makers will do well to take advan-
sizes Bto 12 years. Regular price : If- .J,J 1, _ , ._ \u0084. ; .: . -. ..: >^ c $ -- 50^^ W |) - ... . . oC t age of them. Every oiece of eoods
$1.25. Special sale price' TC- 'if :"'u£d sEs/ Oalmeal Scucers -.Large , ..,, - ::>•.-:. $^t^£vl?uis -^ yi^^N reduced to less than half once.
iDC SM ttZrL *t size, tinted pink edge. Salad or berry Sets -Just price $3 . O o ; spe- Seamless \u0084;_,. /r\\. j^V =====
Persic Mother Hubbard -Full f ' :.&/,£, ReeuUr price 20, S^ |^#i®«|^4lpK£MSSS^ /yidBffiß|/ yi d8ffiR| COUCft Coders, J2.45
sleeve; with narrow raffle around Jir J opening at ' price :....:.. .•...',:loc:w^i; d £c . ; * o . c ,J,^ . prloi ;;.!<l«»K > SSi',"?K--°f "Js™'*H?i?Toii'aiii^^ffif Art Loom Covers in orettv broad Ori-
the yoke and over the shoulder; &£s§) 't> -oa^* ' '. . y bowl and Six smatl dishes to : . •••••••^«« swinging double arm with ental stripes; 6b inches wide and full;
in pink, red and blue; sizes ito 5 \u25a0 . Re 2' 2Oc - ./^n_ ,:, match. Regular, $1.25.' Sale ffo- : ''cft- bracket..... .......15c n ;-4zM ' length; extra heavy and a good
years Regular, price -75c U>* Sale price. each.....10c i: price, tct ..:...:.:.. 64c Jmm JP^^^^ value at $3.25. Special tfj 45
bpecial rale ««/v /-s? 1181^ 531 ?^!? 2^^ K^nW "" -' ' \u25a0 ' "\ '" finish; brass trim- 7^ Sa *f/fc»t*/
\«?>Z?f y^f^Tf} Hanging or Wall ;J"' size, sale price.. 55..10 ! WLL^. J I
fe« VAV A UWAY^BEUABiUB decorated with Cali- F. -\u0084 j" a Large Sze Su&ar and Craam ' : : * j\f>^ »^ 'fi L al»^x"VJI heli-xbluß
T MARKET&tIONESm L^cY'^S |*4s|T^. s 4 |£S^3S i &^'X % p^Kcf^: w... B ».i^ R o S u,a r pr,« R^suMl4«l ! TMASKET^m£Sm
8 • ' 1 - • "' -price 50c price, each 10c" set ..,.,: \ ;..... 25c cial ......... .lOc 3Sc; special y. .......... 15c ................. ${}.i)Z \u25a0 . ..',..
ilil^Bßl Folding Beds and |j
;^^^^^ Coinbinafion CasesJf
1 An endless variety to .'se-Jv
J <^^^^^^^^^ ' ect rom ' finished in rna-i
I ;j^S|S^^^.a hogany or golden.oak. Wej
li| =j f=| p%>^>g I have folding beds from I]
1? I^"^^^^^ upwards. Our large stock!
'I \u25a0 an d : easy . payment plan I
f I ILL y^^pSl -enables us- to please every!
\:THFOIDEST //fTffSCITy 5
-if
"I fcmre b«en tx«lng C*«earets for Insomnia. Tritlx
vhieh I b«T« b*en »Sieted for over twenty years,
ted I can car that Cacearet* hare given me more
rclirf than any other remedy i have erer tried. I
cfaaH certainly recommend them to icy friend* c*
being ail they are repreaented." -
ThoaGlllara.Elela.in.
CANOrCATrtARTIC
PJ»a»ent. PelaUble. Potent, Ta«t« Good. Do Good,
K«rer IsSfiken, Weaken or Gripe, 10c, 25c, 50c. Kerer
•old in bulk. Tb« genuine Utblet stamped CC C.
Guaranteed to cure or your money b&ek.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. $97
AHKUAL SALE, TEH KILLiOH BOXES
We cah cure you, and it
will stay cured. You run
no risk, as we do not get a
cent till you are cured. Con-
sultation is free*. Come and
see us.
FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE
1344 Market St., S. F.
(1 _i'PATENT3^ JOrest Blmbonl, Composer and . Conduct*
. or, Pa«sea 'Array .In Italy. :
BOSTON,^ Aug.# 19.— -Word \, was re
ceived here to-night .of : the "C. death :\u25a0' at
Florence, Italy,' of \Orest:Blmbonl, the
composer and conductor, [i Blmboni ,was
director of a grand opera school in this
city - and j went \ abroad * last fall \u25a0• to ; un
dergo ; an ' operation J lor; . a V cancerous I
growth. He-was years .j of ' age~ and
formerly : conductor v of J the»"Grau"v and
Mapleson grand opera companies 'of
New iYork."-;v - V - - . - '*»••* \
ARRESTS ":;- MENDICANT.— James Wilson
was taken In custody 'yesterday on -Eddy street
for pretending to be dumb and receiving alma.
Be excited . the \ compassion ; of the . women \u25a0 and
got several donation*. * v
DEATH CALLS MUSICIAN.
ST. PAUL, Aug. I».— The strike of
the telegraphers on- the Northern Pa-
Uciflc Railroad was officially declared
off by President Perham of the; Order
of Railway Telegraphers at 1 o'clock
to-day. . \u25a0 / \u25a0 J *\u25a0-\u25a0'*-. v
Tl-e men had been asked by President
Pcrbam to vote as ;to /whether ; they
\u25a0wirhcO to return :, to work or 'continue
the strike. The ? men. voted to return,
having been Influenced In their, action
by the operators of, the Great Northern,
who voted yesterday to return . to work
on that sytem. A., ' ' w i "L
This officially ends a strike which
has been on on both systems about
twenty days ' and' which, . the railroads
declared, was broken wlthini twenty
four hours after the strike was de
clared. . <-
President Perham. says the men- ac
cepted the terms offered,by>the North- :
ern Facific before , they went on , strike,
which, he says, give them a total in
crease of about $20,000 a year in .wages. •
TELEGRAPHERS'
STRIKE ENDED
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— "Big Tim" Sul
livan, a noted political character of the
Bowery district, one of Tammany's bosses
and a Representative .in Congress, has
returned from Europe and gives his Im
pressions of London, of King Edward
and of Richard Croker. He said to-night:
"When a man wants to. take his family
out of London for a little holiday It costs
him 62 cents for each member. A ride in
the "tuppenny tube" costs 4 cents for
four miles. Over here you can ride in
the subway, which is better and cleaner,
and for 5 cents go fourteen miles and
more. And such cars as they have in the
"tuppenny"! The floorß are covered with
sawdust. Just like a stable. Over here we
would not put horses in such cars." .
Concerning the King of England, whom
he had seen twice, "Big Jim" had only
complimentary things to say. <
"He Is a democratic sort of chap," he
said, "and you'd never take him for a
King Just to see him. walking around the
racetrack, dressed In a stylish gray sack
suit. He is always smoking, and he tilts
his cigar at the same angle General Grant
did. I didn't speak to him, but I liked his
democratic manner. ,
"Another thing . I noticed about him
was that he was absolutely unguarded,
and, there was mighty little bending of
the knee or court manners paid to him
while he was at the track."
Representative Sullivan says he had
several hours' talk with Richard Croker.
"I found Mr. Croker very subdued and
little like the old Croker I knew," he
said. "The deaths of his two sons have
fallen heavily upon the chief, and he
plainly bears evidences of the trouble and
grief he has tried to bear bravely. All
the old-time fire and vigor, that I remem
ber bo well when he was our leader, has
gone. The old flash of his eye, that
meant fight, has gone. He is a subdued
and sorrowing man. I do not think he
will ever visit this country again.".
Special Dispatch to The CalL
"BIG TIM" SEES
OLD-TIME CHIEF
Hamilton became mixed up In the maze
of ropes and wires and for a few seconds
the spectators thought he had lost con
trol. But he soon had the upper hand,
and after going through several other
evolutions he sailed to the ground. The
machine descended gracefully and landed
in the meadows. Just before landing the
machine tilted and struck the ground on
one end, but was not damaged.
The second flight was made at 6
o'clock and' was! even .more ' ; successful
than the first. Hamilton did not Bhift
his position from the time he left the
ground and during the ten minutes he
was In the air the machine was about
fifteen feet from the ground.
The first flight, made at 4 o'clock, was
witnessed by several thousand , persons.
It was accomplished with the aid of an
eighty-horsepower automobile, operated
by Henry Mclntyre of the Brooklyn In
stitute of Arts and Sciences, who Is much
Interested in aerial navigation. A rope
was attached to the machine so that It
could not sail off over the ocean if Ham
ilton should lose control.
The aeroplane, constructed of bamboo
rods and light wire, spread Its wings and
sailed up at an angle of about 65 degrees.
The rope reached to the ground was not
taut and Mclntyre followed the airship
in his machine. When It was about 100
feet In the air the^machlne started in a
bee line, then made a circle and finally
zigzagged back and forth for several
minutes.
NEW YORK, Aug. IJ.— Lawyer L«d
low'b aeroplane la the first of its kind to
make a flight with a. man aboard. After
repeated disappointing failures during
this month his machine to-day made two
nights at a height of . about 100 feet
Towed by an automobile and' operated
by Charles Hamilton, who was aboard the
machine, It performed many evolutions.
It must be understood that Ludlow's
machine Is no mere gas bag, to be blown
about by th« wind at will, but la con
structed on the scientific principles co
long advanced, by Professor Langley of
Washington and by Professor Alexander
Graham Bell of Washington, Inventor of
the telephone. L»udlow, however, buc
ceeded where the 'learned, professors
failed. ; ' '
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
Goes Through a Series of
Evolutions and Gracefully
Descends to the . Earth
IS EASILY CONTEOLLED
Flying Machine Invented
by a New York Lawyer
Given Two Trial Flights
NEW AEROPLANE
IS A SUCCESS
JEALOUS WIFE
USES REVOLVER
At the New York Hospital Mrs. Mor
gan's condition remained about the same
to-night, and it was* said she was In no
Immediate danger.
Young said that, knowing that his wife
was irresponsible for her actions, he in
tended to do everything possible to aid
her.
leaving their child, a boy of S years, with
Mrs. Young's mother In Winona, Minn.
Soon after that Mrs. Young began to act
strangely, and he became convinced that
her mind was affected. He had consulted,
physicians, he said, and had considered
the Question of Instituting proceedings to
have her sanity determined. Young said
that he had no doubt that his wife was
laboring under some hallucination when
she shot Mrs. Morgan.
Mrs. Young was taken ill to-night
and was removed to the prison ward in
Bellevue Hospital. There she was visited
by her husband and his brother, who said
that she would 'doubtless be able to ap
pear In court to-morrow.
i EXCEEDED SPEED LIMIT.— Leon Ham
mond was arrested yesterday by the Park po
lice for running an automobile faster than the
ordinance governing the vehicles permits.
NEW YORK. Aug. 19.— Mrs. Beatrice
Youn£. wife of William G. Young, who
employs several stenographers In New
York hotels, shot and probably fatally
wounded Mrs. Catherine Morgan In a
parlor of the Hotel Imperial to-day,
where the latter \ras employed by Young.
Jealousy is believed to have been the
cause of the shooting. Mrs. Young and
her husband had separated and she be
lieved Mrs. Morgan was to blame.
Young made a statement to-night In
which he said he had employed Mrs. Mor
gan at the request of a friend and his
relations with her had simply been those
of employer and employe. Mrs. Young,
he said, came East with him a year ago.
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALUv SUNDAY, ATJGJJST
32
The New Styles for Autumn, (805
a Our Assertion ) Better Quality and Lower Prices Than -S
g Our Argument ) Elsewhere |
I We mannfactnre '-.in large qaantities anfl sell direct to the consumer "I
jS .your ready-to-Wear n
« y^. W^tH Garments conic from the .8
li^ >Htofc. GoldenGateCloakandSuit House g
t "" '• f / * ' AXE RIGHT &t& t
\u25a0jKJ. *; \^S) Styles. Ri&ht, Quality Ri^ht, |
S F ; ; \\ rf^> /" ?T % ADDITIONAL NEW STYLES |
,8 ' I \i,Y\ %& (• ' CffjSL READY FOR TO-MORROW g
8 : sV\ / \ j Long; Paddock and Prince ?
q ' i-\\\\ / / Albert Suits at «
!. fehyWft/ U 1 $15, $17.50, $20, $22.50, $25, |
***&&&$ ; \\ Z 1 $27.50, $30, $35, $40 . g
bM/. \u25a0 New Eton Suits at $18.50, $20, g
»\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•.-\u25a0 /'J ill V* New BlouleSulta at $15.50, $17.50, W
S / - " ' L V'\ $20, $22.50, $25 8
5 VJT ;if \u25a0": Wi? HandsonieSllkCoatBatslOtos2s S
% ' Wmhririnnk mul« Rich Evenlfl Jr Coats s2o to $50 8
y- SwJlillJu wllMiy^ Swell Loq z Coats » loose » nd ti e ht *
S 2^#i*^ fitting, in covert, whipcord, craven- S
» "\u25a0"\u25a0! sssii \u25a0 \u25a0'•4J \u25a0 ette and Melton $7.50 to $25 «
I ========== Special Values in WalKhigSKirts ===== |
I \u0084 $1.75, $2.25, $3.45, $4.45 §
I 1230- 12321 234 MARKET STREET |
I Wholesale Prices for New |
1 Style Garments I
1 TAILOR. SUITS, LONG COATS, JACKETS |
« We shall ofter this week some of the handsomest and most pleasing w
8 eftects ever shown in this city « «
I STYLE, FIT AND FINISH |
n Are the essential features of every garment • 8
§\u25a0\u25a0 $20.00 NOVELTY BLOUSE SUITS— Our Wholesale Price. . 8
I ...$i5.00 a
» $25.00 STYLISH ETON SUITS— Our Wholesale Price..... §
§ .....$18.50 §
g $27.50 LONG PRINCE. ALBERT -SUITS— Our- Wholesale o
»\u25a0\u25a0- Price... ..$20.00 8-
§ $30.00 HANDSOME MIXTURE ' PRINCE ALBERT g
S SUITS^Our .Wholesale" Price. .... ... ...... ... . . .$22-50 '\u25a0•»
§ $25.00 LONG COATS, TIGHT FlTTlNG— Our' Wholesale U
8 Price .......... ...i.... ............. .....$lB-50 «
8 $32.50 EVENING COATS— Our Wholesale Price. . $2500 §
§ $10.00 JACKETS— Our Wholesale Price. . ..... .... . . .$7.50 |
I •f^^H 1142-1146 Market Street |
Hotel DelCoronado
1 Under New Management :.-
A Enjoy Califorala'a best climate at the
T largest seaside resort hotel in the world. j
f Cuisine unexcelled. Every modern
(convenience provided. v
Summer Rates • Each person
$3.00 day, $17.50 week, and upwards.
Excellent boating, fishing, hunting, .
golf links, tennis, bowling. Interest-
ing side trips. Ask railway agent or
.write" \u25a0 .' . \u25a0 . |
MORGAN, ROSS, Aanaoem '
:"•:'.' Coronado Beach, California I'
H. F. Norcross, 200 S. Spring. Loa An^elea | I
Your Eyes
Must last '• for years. : To .do so they
must be, properly cared for now. Eye-
fitting has been my business for over
twenty- five years." y
(/^OPTICIAN;
105 MONTGOMERY ST.
NEAR SUTTER' OPR OCCIDENTAL HOTEL
KODAK AGENCY-PHOTO SUPPLIES
CAmFORNIA TONIC
"FRISCO"
Is the best drink for your
health: Ask for it at
saloons, drug stores and
groceries. a
L. MAILLARD,
. .643 Merchant Street
* Ha» Used
' IJ i^jT^V^ YOU KNOW ? WHERE
i Po^^a/^PI the DOIiLB Bwin ° im
1051 Market St.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
y^S^^WS. u i_ Ban Francisco :
/W£L" A"^ * r ° r Ketchlkan, Wranrel.
fV/W^S^ Y*\ Juneau. Treadwell. Haints.
I / \Ik!VA 1 1 Ska « w *y. etc., Alaska— ll a,
I V XTttkim/ J m - Au «- 3 - 8 - la 18 23. 28.
\#\ \\ 2- Change to this com-
VTnL-^v pMir ' ! steamers at Seattle.
' >^/>ssh^v/ For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
coma. Everett, Anacortes. South Belllngham,
Bellingham — 11 a. m. Aug. 3. 8. 13, 18. 23. 28,
Sept. 2. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P- By* I \u25a0', at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry. \u25a0- . • - ' \u25a0 : \u25a0,• -\u25a0
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
?. m., Aug. 3, \u25a00, IS. 21, 27. Sept 2. Corona.
:80 p, m.. Aug. 6. 12. 18 24. 80. Sept. & !
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). Ban Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Aneeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos Port Harford (Saa j
Lulj Oblspo) Ventura and Hueneme —
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Aug. 2. 10. 18, 28, Sept 3.
\u25a0Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Aug. f5, 14 > 22. SO, Sept 7.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, Ban Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, 'Altata, La Fax, Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. ' *~ " \u25a0 ' -
| . ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1900 — The
i palatial \u25a0 excursion steamship SPOKANE will
leave Tacoma, ; Seattle and \u25a0 Victoria June 22,
July 6, 20. August 8. 17.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
. TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgomery st
(Palace Hotel),- 10 Market st, and Broadway
wharves. FrelKht Office. 10 Market st
CD. DUN ANN, General Passenger Agent •
. ; .10 Market st, San Francisco.
occaßics.sX^stH£
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Aug. 81. 2 P M
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Sept v 9, 11 A. M
8. S. MARIPOSA, . for, Tahiti, Sept ll.li A. M.
I.D.SPKECKELS k BROS. CO.;AgtS.;Tictßt 081C8643 IqS
tet -^ Frelglit Office 327 Martet St. Pier 7, Paciflc si
Compnenlc General* Tranaatlantlqae.
DIRECT LINE | TO HAVRE— Parts. \u25a0'\u25a0'-«^— - :
Balling every Thursday instead of
' " Saturday, >10 a. m.,. from Pier 42, \u25a0^"t"" 1 "*
'North River,, foot of Morton st • '"-"iffs "•*'-';'*\u25a0
First clasa to Havre, |70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, . 545 ' and upward. - GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 82 Broadway : (Hudson building). -
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & C 0.." Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, * San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.' \u25a0
; BAY AND IXTERURBAN ROUTES."
MARt (StAND NAVY YARD
VALLEJO and NAPA
Napa Valley : Ko|ute
Monticello S. S/ Co. and Napa Valley Elec-"
I trie R. R." Co. Close 'connections. '
j *':,: ; 6— ROUND TRIPS \ DAILY— « : \ ; :^
Boats leave San ' Francisco 7:00,«9:45 a. m.,
112:30 noon, 3:15, 6:00. 8:30 p.m.- ,' . . f . i,
| San Francisco r landing j and office, i Pier 2,
! foot - Mission ': st, ' one . block south Market-st
Ferry. \u25a0 Meals a : la 'carte.": Phone Main 15C8. :
{ «Lands,Nayy;Yard direct. \u25a0':,:;"*.•-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0>: .\u25a0\u25a0 r<:'
For Vallejo and Mare liland Narr Yari,
Mt Steamer.l H.?J.'i- CORCORAN 'leaves \u25a0 : wharf
north end of Ferry Building, week days (except
Saturday), 1 ' 111 a. i m.. 8:15 p. m. i Saturdays, U
a. "in.' Sundays,' 9:30 a; m.,' 8:15 p. m. Leaves
. Vallejo. \u25a0- week, days '(except \u25a0 Saturdays).- 7 :4 A a. '.'
ta.: 6 :30 p. m. Saturdays. 7 :30 a. m.. , fl p. m,
Sundays. < 5 :30 p. m. Meals a la carte. I Phone
641. BARNESON-HIBBERD CO.. managers. •
426 Montgomery «tr««t ;
YES, right now, if you want to save money and
time.
You save money because many of the pianos
arc reduced from regular prices as much as $100.
You save time because the reduction of $100
means 16 payments are practically made on the
piano the minute you pay $6 and have the instru-
ment delivered.
These pianos arc sold for $6 down and' $6 a
month. You can plainly sec that 1 6 monthly pay-
ments equal $96. The piano is reduced $100 — so
you get 16 payments free.
Buy that piano right now at this sale and it's
paid for a year and one-third quicker than if you
bought it at a regular price.
Every instrument guaranteed- — and the Kohler
& Chase guarantee means absolute protection now
and for years to come.
%F ALIAt-kA Ll At-k A m.^^ Cor ' Post & Kearn y
&4 6^lißiP?r&.fL \u0084l!BM!^£* Largest Piano House
l^VnMvii the Coast; ...
Established 1850.
'& Week ComnienclnE • THIS AFTER- g
g XOOX. AUKUst 20. . -^
O PRK-EIUNENT VAUDEVILLE. ; 'ft
1 j 0 BRIEN and HAVeL I
Presenting' the Spirited Comedy Sketch, S
g "Ticks and Clicks." by Will M. - g
Q Cresri*: ' . . - S
1 Emil HOGH.J.ne ELTON 1
I and CGMPANV 1
Q In- Their Original Comedietta, Q
S "MU«. RlccL" S
I MILLMAN TRIO I
S Amwlca't Foremost Aarial OymiULSts. 3
I i VIOLET DALE I
jS Th« CharmlßsT Mtolo. M
n Olvlac Xmxxrsonatlona of Fkmooa 8
V: Actrea^fc g
I HOWARD BROTHERS 1
:3 With Their Flyln* Banjo*. -" ;C
§ JOSEPHINE AINSLEY 1
S Bincins ConMdiaazttw ..-. S
1 JACOB'S DOGS S
ITh* Moat Intellleent Canines Before W.
: th« PubUc Q
ORFHEUM MOTION PICTURES |
Bhowlnr th* Latest Novelties. «
q Z<AST WEEK OF THE W
1 YANKEE DOODLE BOYS |
M Presenting; Their Fantastic Novelty, S^
S "Around the World In Twenty , S
S \u25a0 • Minutes." g
O Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, o
Q j Thursday. Saturday and Sunday. S
g Prlc*s— loc, 250 and 800. «
In^leside
Goursin^
Park
COURSING
EVERY
SATURDAY
| and SUNDAY
Beginning at 11:30 Saturday
\u25a0 and 10:30 Sunday
JOHN W. 5UTT0N. ............ . Judge
HARRY MURRAY Slipper
Guerrero-st. cars direct to Park for on* faro.
. *-\u25a0»,"-\u25a0/ --\u25a0\u25a0 *.'- ;; ;"'--::"-:-.' 5 "-.•' '.- •
UNION
COURSING
"AKK
P. J..Rei11y ......... Jud^e.
Jas. F. Grace.. .... Slipper
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, AUGUST 20
Grand National Stake
SPECIAL MATCH RACE
Agile Spurt vs. Freeport
CHAMPION
rig! NOMINATIONS Jnn
lillllliliib
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 :: : '\u25a0 : — , : - -X:-
; -: — —TRAIN "SERVICE-
\u25a0 '.-Leave Third and Townsend streets" 10:30. re-
turning ti: 10 p. m. Special electric car from
Fifth \u25a0; and Market streets at 9 a. m.
ADMISSION 25c." , .
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMEXTS.
BASp^ALL!
TACOMA vs; OAKLAND
RECB3CATION PARK. "
FRIDAT '... > ....^.. ............... .8:30 p. m.
BATURDAT ...3 9. m.
1 BXniaJAT ...................... ...2:30 -p. \u25a0 a."
110 THIRD , STSEET Q U% J Q ft yj M Q 1/ 1 - SQUARE DEALING I
I SAH FRANCISCO Di I\H 1 uUf.T^di\2 IS OUR i
WjoiningCall ßuilding Philadelphia Shoe Co. SUCCESS 1
CLOSING OUT SURPLUS LINES
3 FINE SHOES AT ONE-QUARTER REGULAR PRICE |
Conic early! Don't mlii our exeat barealns. Fonr pairs of Shoes for 3
| the price of one. M
<t Oar Fall p:ood« are pilincr In. and In order to set shelf room tvr have I
. t made Immense reductions on all anrplus lines and on all styles which ire 3
V have didcontlnued ordrrlnu. \u25a0 I
2 You know our reputation. We never misrepresent. AVhen -rre cnt our 1
i prices we cut away down deep. So. don't miss this sale, as It Is a'ureat |
H money-Kavlnc: opportunity for you. kJ
p All sale >hoo» Trill be fitted on, but vrlll not be exchanged. tj
[I BABIES' BAWEH BARGAINS. 1~31 ~ 3 TRICE. E
b FORMER PRICE 75c TO $1.23 — FLNE DRESS SIND4IS M
H Infants' Black, Red or Tan Button -«™«J«, Jt^l SAADAIjS> E
II" and Lace Shoes, hand-turned soles. T on . ME , R p » R lf E »**s? TOI2JSO— H
n neat, shaped toes and either plain *tf° »«\u25a0./ ! " es^ Patent Leather and H
B or Eprlns heels. Made by the finest Icl Kid Sandals, made with one, g
{ j factories In America. * wo O J" *\u25a0**%* straps over instep. H
f] THIHB-ST. SALE PRICE 35c w C^,P e it %%* n^ amp 2' t itner H
1 • Sizes 1% to 8. Widths Ato D. ]"" ° w A eels ° r v , xv - French heels, §|
P .hand-turned soles and new up-to- H
!• riimnioutmiiiT.i-1 date toes. ra
P YiPsl&ilE SACRIFICE SALE PRICE.... ©Oc H
j|§P*V n U 1 1 I 0 1 " 4 PRICE. \u25a0•! ' M
;;***^%£\^ 1 £% \u25a0\u25a0 fl \u25a0*"'"' ''V^'" »W ra
¥K«!^ THAN UNHEARD-OF VALUES. B
I, ," irr . *WE ARE DETERMINED TO i
1-2 FKILL. SELL OUT THIS ENTIRE LOT— B
SXSO A *5.00 VALUES NOW 81 75 1
PtNGREE GLORIA. LAIRD- vici Kid and [Gray Canvas tV^ S
\u25a0SCHOBER- AND WICHERT & Shoes and OxfortTies^ Man^n? : B
GARDINER'S remnant lines, all our Summer lines bifnoh^t^^u' II
placed together and sold at an im- ™ T a S given away tOßether I
mense reduction. They come In Msuppnirp a*> H
Patent Kid or Vici Kid. with hand- Any number from s'ii; ' k Vn '^i^ E8
welted or hand-turned soles,, new dren's to Tize 4^ X YonnV?^ 1 ? 11 ' i
Bhaped toes and Cuban or military sofd at the lamt pri?e *\u25a0 adICS 1
heels/ All new up-to-date styles. «»..me aame price. B
SPECIAL REDUCED PRICE.SI.7S MEN'S BARGAINS E
Sizes 2% to 7, Widths AAA to D. »X5O TAN SHOES NOW »1. 6 5. I
Men's dark tan and russet calf lace shoes made by L.A.Crossett^Rich- fi
ards & Brennan, reduced to less than one-half regular price; See this lot 9
if you zvant double your money 1 s worth. All sizes.: PRICE $1.65. H
fIOf I0 THIRD STBEET ; I-W \ : :gf ATOpU I MQK|' : : I «^" to^^l'l
SAH FRANCISCO Di IVH I UUIiIIIOIVI olff RBhR 8 h^ n Speclal I
\u25a0.»: \u2666--•u'.-- i \u25a0•^ i -..' .-,-\u25a0*; .-.r:,;v/ Sale Shoes.'. m
AMrSEME-YTS.
!Lp OLU fm B 3 -ft ioci:;s mm
TO-NIGHT^
One More Week
1 SMILES"
OF the CABBAGE PATCH
-MADGE CARR COOK
In Her Original Bole of Mrs. VKgf.
. Last Time Sunday. Aug. 27.
Then domes Another Popular Attraction—
MAY IRWIN
In "Mrs. Block Is Back"
or and ti'iiii
KSS-ta. MAIINEE TO-DAY
DENIS O'SULLIVAN
In ARRAH NA POGUE
MR. CBUIJJVAN WILI* SE^O— "Th* ttow
Backed C*r." "KUty of the Cow»." .'Tbsj
Leprechaun." "Bellev* M»>" "The H^nlffrant.'*
"The Wearln* of th« Or*«J." "Sarourn^O
Dheellsh" (In Oa*lle), "Phil. th» Fluter." etc
CAST INCX-TIDES:
THE FAMOUS GAELIC DANGERS
Joseph P. KeUeher John CConn«U
Hazel Allen Besalo Allen
V
MATDJEE SATHRDAT AT 2 CTCLOCX.
EVEJTINO AT 8 O'CLOCK.
LAST WEEK.
ROB ROY
BEG. NEXT 9UXDAT JfIGHT
Francis Wilson's Original N«w Tori C&jJao
Production of
ERMINIE
AS STAGED BT MAX FREEMAN.
; USUAL TTVOLI PRICES— 2Sc. 60c. T3c !
A T «T1 ATA Tfc B«lasco A May«r,
ALCAZAR kTTBK
General Manager.
Record-Breaktae Easacement .of
WHITE WHITTI FSFY
TO-NIGHT. LAST TIME.
PRINCE OTTO
TO-MORROW NlGHT— Double BUL
The Jack London- Lea Bascom.' Flay.
THE GREAT INTERROGATION
Followed by th* Romantic Comedy.
DAVID GARRICK
Evgs. 25c to 75c: Mats. Thurs.-Sat.. 23e to SOa.
AUG. 2S— MR. WHITTLESEX to Oscar...
- • '--Wilde's Great Comedy, ,'.-;,'.;.
The Importance of Being ERXEST. -
'\u25a0 ' " " ;: ' ; '" ' -••" - v " : ' :
' Market, near Eighth.- op posits CSty Hall.
Phone " South 533. , ' ..
L&st times this, afternoon and to-night, i -
•THE LAND OF, THE MIDXIGHT SUS"
Commencing To-morrow Evening. J August 21.
Entire Wetk, Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Realistic Production of the Charmlne Rural
Drama,
"O3ST THE WABASH"
By Joseph Arthur, Author of "Blu» Jeans,"
•The Still Alarm" and other successe*. !
See the Farming Scenes In Indiana!! Don't
Mlse the Tin Wedding Celebration!! Also th*
Fourth of July Exercises!! Th» Village Chotp "
Should Ba Heard!! Also the Countrr Military
Band!!- * . ••
Herschel Mayall and All th» Favortt«. "
Prices — Erg. 100 to 50c; Mats. 100, 150. 2Sa
Nest— "ON THE BRIDGE AT MTDNIQBnV.'
Lw. MAJESTIC WJ?
Sunday Bargain Matine*. To-Day— To-Night
. \u25a0 Last two times of -
"THE BONNIE BRIER BUSH.'* \u25a0 v
To-morro-w night and all next w«ak>
Matinees Thursday. Saturday and Sunday. _
JAMES NEILL and EDYTHB CHAPMAJ*
NEILL in th* first Baa Francljco
production of
HEARTS COURAGEOUS
A play written by Ramsay Morris and'Frank-
lyn Fylea, from th« celebrated norrt
by Hallle Ermlnle Rtre«. -~*j
Evr. price*— 2sc, 50c. Tsc: Sat. mat. 2»\ 800.
Thursday and Sunday, bargain mat*,. SSa
everywhere.
vetp "PRETTT FBGGT*
Ui preparation— "The CbnflloC* by Manrtc»
Be* Wolf.- from Jaak X^atort
famous story. . .. \u25a0 .v \u25a0 -
A Hl»fc-Clas» Entertainment Er«rr Afti
ernoon and Evenlnat In the Theateiw
CAMLISLE and BAKER
Mr. Herbert B. Chelsey and Oompaay: Mu-
sical Reeds: Marrelous Seymours- L* MooT«
Cockatoos; Jaci Harrington and th» Anlmato-
scope. . • . . . -
RIDE OX THE CmClß_»w"&
visit the jonssrovrs flood.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAT.
RECLINE? 5e Plump Lady, "d tin Babl«
In the- Infant Incubators. _^____^_^_—
.. ..^H \u25a0 . ... ;i, • 1
Los Angeles Timesi
Saa Francisco Ofßc*
Is located ta
ROOM .10* CHRONICXB BtTTLDETQ _
ARTHUR I» FlSH.;Repreaeat«ttT^
If yon would, do effective adv«rtlsln«;
In the Southwest, drop a- line to th*
above address or telephone Mala 1473
and our representative 'will b« pleased
to call on you with fair Information a»
to rates, etc. . "~ : ,
THE SUNDAY TTME3. with 31-p&c«
magazine. $2.50 a year by matt. . .. \u25a0-.
• THE
PALACE
Compressed Air cleaniai plant t •\u25a0: '
Room telephones '
Steam heat and open Brea.
Perfect ventflatlbn . . _»
Pil>e organ and orchestra.
Perfect ; service. -
" Unexcelled cuisine
Every luxury attainable \u25a0
WW7T V PATT PPT) VI? AD"Resolved, .That the \ secretary -be. In
structed.to immediately r forward' a copy
of these resolutions; to, each member of
the commission." , \u0084. .; \u25a0\u25a0• '
"Resolved,. That, we deem: the measure
to be strictly a farmers' measure and In
no wise a university^affair arid that^the
site . should 5 be ; located ; where if can : do
the greatest amount; of ' good j; . : to the
greatest number/ , We deem \u25a0it unneces
sary that It- should :be located ,inear. the
State 1 University, but > by. all \u25a0\u25a0 means be
located in someslocality; where the soil
and climate j. are \ typical "of \u25a0 thoV great
valleys of "California: ;'; Be: It^ further;-;
"Whereas, The bill passed by the Leg
islature provided that the farm must be
for the benefit of the State at large and
must be under an7establlshed system of
Irr igati on and .must represent •by \u25a0' soil
and climate the great valleys compris
ing the greater portion of the tillable
soil of the State; , : \u25a0\u25a0 *
"Resolved, By the , California* Vitlcul
tural Club of California, composed of
vlticulturists and viniculturists. from
all sections of the : State, .;th*at we re
spectfully, request -the . commission to
conform strictly to the requirements'of
the bill passed by the Legislature. . v
ST. HELENA, Aug. 19.— The' Vlticul :
turists' Association to-day at It3, meet-
Ing in St. Helena adopted the'follow
ing resolution -by, a unanimous vote: ' ;
"Whereas, The Commission selected to
locate the university farm Is now ready
to select a site;; and \u25a0* -.^ :
Adopt. Resolution -Asking. Commission
ers to Select Site Where Soil Is
Typical of California.
viticulturists want state
farm to; be representative
mine has a large ; body of timber and an
abundant water power.
; , The Sequin Mining ' Company has bond- ;
ed 400. acres on Rush Creek, near Provi- ;
dence Hill,- Plumas County. The same 1
1 company has reconstructed the Long Val- J
j ley reservoir dam. Large operations are !
I possible at this point. i
! The. Greenhorn blue gravel mine, i* Sis
i kiyou County, has been bonded toH. A
i Corliss and others for two months.-.
: i The Baltic mine, near Randsburg, Kern
County, has been sold to an Eastern syn
dicate. • •
The 'Sovereign Gold Mining Company
has bonded Its property to , T. J. Lamou
roux. The I mirfe is in Sierra County and
is principally- owned by General McGee, (
the Morse brothers and Ernest X'arrel.
1 The P.eddlng • Searchlight , reports that
the large "hydraulic mine [ formerly : op
erated by • Fordyce Bates , at Minersville,
Trinity. County.- has' been bonded by Fred
Baudry,\the. present '\u25a0\u25a0 owner, to '\u25a0 Dr. A, F.
Johnson.., Men ; are . Installing a hydraulic
elevator to work . Jqwer ground than has
been treated heretofore. .
. 'Aocording , to a dispatch .from.Griaiey,
Butte County, -the ' orchard s belonging ; to i
HUger. brothers, on the east bank of the
Feather River opposite^th*; intake, of the j
Butte canal," has | been sold to a dredging 1
company,^ who will turn. the. land;' over "in .
the^ search for* gold. Treat .orchard,
five miles I above Gridley, Is also reported
as having , been sold to the Boston and
Qrbville ; Company. . The land has been
prospected; with a drill.. ;\u25a0'. , .
The 1 Horse Creek hydraulic : mine, near
•Oak Bar, >has ; been; bonded to the Mines
and Mining Company/ of » Oakland.
503113 LARGE OPERATIONS.
- Machinery* has been secured by which
work on the tunnel v- \of : - the Trinity
River Tunnel and Mining : Company,'! on '
Trinity River; may be \ continued. The
tunnel Is expected to ! carry all the wa
ter of ,'thet Trinity; River and to? cause,
thetuncoverlng ofia large area of river'
bottom ithatlwiir be mined. ;
The" i Treka" Journal : reports : that ; five
and possibly^ six new* stamp : mills \wil\
;be In operation jln the new; mining; dls
itrlcts of Russian' Creek within a ;year.
The mines are promising.:^ The Journal
also predicts that the China Gulch 1 Ba
sin will i; prove Ito \u25a0 be a 51,000,000 \ camp
within a' few years.; ;
-The Clipper gold-mine, nine . miles,
northwest ' of - Kennett, in Shasta Coun
ty, 'will ; resume .work. The : Redding"
Searchlight , reports that $28 ,000 ;; has
been deposited , to \ defray; the • expected
cost ' of development to be prosecuted at
once.^ The Clipper mine has been in lit!-*
: gatton ? f or } some i time. ;>'\u25a0•.?, This move ,;, is
supposed, locally,* to ] indicate 'that j some
sort fof j agreement- has been -reached '•\u25a0 by
the contending parties. The mine Is'on
•Sauaw^Creek, > .. ' ,/
' , Empire : mine, in Nevada ; County,'
accprdln g \u25a0 to . local , reports, has reached |
the " main /ledge, i f or. which , search " has
been made ; for, some months \u25a0 by: a cross
: cuL •Driftlng i ,wiir.begln atonce. ':
\u0084'., Four/ new> mining. >. dredgers j will be
. "operated: at: the Tuba Consolidated,^Gold
Fields [property, the coming = fall.
?,'< Prospecting for : a new - chute of \u25a0 ore
Information haa^ been ;by the
United States 'of eologicaf -"gurveyjepneern-,
ing the progress of field work in Alascka.
In all sections of that peninsula' to which"
parties were sent work began"; promptly;
with the opening '; of - the . season. 1 Mineral
deposits in the region of Freshwater. Bay,
on Coronation Island,- on Cleveland Pen
insula, oh Kyak. Island -and on the Sew
ard Peninsula are under 'investigation.
The work began ; ; in ? June. " The party
sent to -; the :Seward Peninsula started
from Seattle: June 3 and began field oper
ations June 15.. . Messra ' Tarr, Butler; :
Lawrence, - Martin and assistants arrived !
at Yakutat { Bay : about the end of . June.
The purpose of \ this: party Is to make' a ;
careful examination of the geology of the
region that is . immediately adjacent to '\u25a0\u25a0
Yakutat and Disenchantment .bays.. ,
There | are ' large gypsum : deposits near
Freshwater Bay, and I gold , prospects on
Coronation "; Island ; are - to be investigated. \u25a0
In a.bulletin just Issued by; the ' Geological
Survey some details of the Alaskan work,
which is of 'especial Interest on this coast,
are given. ", Extracts follow: ;-.;
'-I The members of \u25a0 the survey bound ; for' the
Interior of Alaska left Seattle on June 3. The
party :.vraa -.under*, the > leadership ; of ---D. ' C.
Wltherspoon, ; topoerapher,"' and included ' L.. M;
Prindle, geologist ; \u25a0:' It. \u25a0 ; W. -. atone, assistant
geologist; Adplph \u25a0 Knopf, - geologic assistant;
R. . . B. Oliver, ;\u25a0- assistant \u0084, topographer; /: and
packers, • cooka and i camp hands. •\u25a0 \u25a0 Upon ; reach
ing tha field, the t>arty,wa« divided. into: three
sections. : The : first- section, under f charge of
Mr., Prindle. assisted by Mr. ; Knopf , left Daw
eon June 15 and went westward to : the : inter
national boundary,'; where they will I begin I their
work. .-:.\u25a0' Thie i second ", section, r consisting \u25a0 of : Mr. ' \
Oliver HTiiS '\u25a0 two ' assistants, landed \u25a0 on the , west \u25a0
bank of : the \ Yukon ; about 100 miles below ; the j
international boundary,' QA ; third party, under i
Mr.l.Wltherspoon's immediate , personal . super
vision.'; landed •at Circle on • June 20 and : began
their work, which *is to - extend westward to
ward '< Fort Hamlln. '•: To this party R. W. ; ]
Stone is. attached es geologist. : |
\u25a0, On June 22 Messrs. F. '. E. • and C. W. Wright I
met at: Ketchlkan.i where;, they .were, joined by |
Mr. 'Brooks. 1 l^rom ; there- the , whole party' i
made : : a \u25a0 trip : to • the i Portland ' Canal, V studying j
the \u25a0" geology i of }' tho « country , and . the - routes.-
The\ mingral deposits in .tho -Portland Canal
reirion- were found to be on .the: Canadian: side,
of : the .\u25a0\u25a0 boundary. \u25a0-', The -work in ; Southeastern :
AlaskaVhas progressed '-> particularly -.well v.b«--'
cause iof the \u25a0 remarkably . dry weather i which .
has characterized this seaeon. ~ \u25a0It has : , been so
dry in; this: part of Alaska that-many forest'
fires haye f- occurred t and -several settlements
have I been |ia| danger. '^f As I the annual | rainfall
In ' this - region » is . about - U0 ; inches, \u25a0 these ; eon
ditiona: are -very j unusual," -. .: \u25a0• \u25a0 \u25a0\ .
v \u25a0 The ; parties -, bound * V for.' ; Peward \u25a0 Peninsula
eailed from Seattle on: June 3 and began Held
operations on June. ls: ,; No Ice was encounter-,
ed: in Bering Sea.'where it Is often 'found early
in i the season. \u25a0 F.". li:v Mof fit. afieisted iby F. t«.
Hess, s began : the detailed . geological mapping
! of a ; belt , of country ; about twenty miles wide -
i which | stretche9 ' inland s from Nome '.for ia* dis- j
| tance of about ; forty miles; - T. ; Q. i Gerdine, as- \u25a0
1 ulsted ?by ; Messrs. ;iW,;..8.' ,- Corso Vand'B.,^ A.i
Voder,' together with seven' camp hands," began I
detailed topographic ; mapping In \u25a0 the \u25a0 Solomon
Rlverreglon;onrJuneil7. ; : • . .. -, '
"discoveries in modoc. "
The/Alturas: Plaindealer ,i reports ithat
the •. people \ in" the ;vicinity: of . Goose Lake
areigreatly/excitedSby/reaaon of the dis
covery .of ; gold-bearing- ,': rock? near
Pine • Creek. . Modoc j.Countyvj Men : deserted
/the.' hay; fields '- and \ traveled Jail % night Ito
'reach \u25a0 the ' scene. '> In ' a; short time 300 men'
were on the ground. 1 The Plaindealer: says !
In "part:'- ;': ;"•;. v/ ; .j
'It appears that the find was made by Oeorg*
Pltjmmer, Bert vWada i; and :. Alexander v Reid \u25a0>
<3old i was " found *In 'i the ; bed \u25a0 of . the •' creek * and
byj-. panning < s nd [< followinjr " up V the : creek ' the
ledge jwas > discovered. 31; Th© s ledge is • described
as a J great | porphyry,! dyke,"S in i which" fine I gdld
and i- auartzv are >: plentifully scattered. ." Plum
mer,";who; has i worked ra" great '\u25a0 deal : in mines i
says I there lists t ore \u25a0 enough fm ? sight *\u25a0 to keep a
blgimiirrunnlng!for;twoyears.u^The ledg« or
dyke } atands ;up i above r- th« surface »,l of *g, th*
ground.'. .;; It y, is \u25a0 white U porphyry ., mixed ji "with ;
particles ': of ' quartz.;' ! Further,'- news :* has * been i
. received / the '•\u25a0 rich "i strike 'i made I by
John aWall - and s James' Kafader- on the.: other
side sof the : mountains,'*iThef ore ,' essays i §500 1
and iis > said : ; to jbe :t: t extensl ve.^/i If, would % thus
appear "; that :: Modoe IIs*! on < the -eve ; of » a ' (jrea t
mining \ boom. ;- and s from j reports ;> received *wo
beiiovo -, rich ' and ! permanent".; mines * have jJ been
discovered. , ." -' \u25a0 :^': .- \u25a0. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• : -. : \u25a0:;;- '*' •\u25a0'. \u25a0 '.
; MINES BONDED AND^SOLD.^;
: >\u25a0 The.;- Hallst'ead '. mine, S\ on v thef?^ East
I Branch; ' Plumas has , been \ bonded
' tola » company *, represented i byV John J
bott.: TheJPlumas Star; report* | that? the
Blood Wacks along the river; show the
route taken by the robbers. Officers will
continue a search for them./ ,
REDDING, Aug. 19.— Two men attempt
ed this morning at 4 o'clock to carry
out an apparently carefully laid plan to
rob the Southern Ptctflc depot at Ken
nett. Air that prevented the crime was
the watchfulness of Deputy Constable
Frank Llttlefield.' He saw the men- loit
ering around £the. depot and, took up a
position where he could watch thera.^ The
night operator was at his': desk with hi 3
head on his arms, apparently asleep. One
robber stationed himself- outside the de
pot near a window and the 'other sprung
the lock and went inside. He was stealth
ily creeping upon the operator when Llt
tlefleld put In an appearance. . The robber
outside gave 'a shrill whistle, his "pal"
sprang through the window ! and . both
ran toward the river.
Littlefleld fired two shots at them. At
the second . shot v one *of .the robbers
dropped, but he was " assisted to his feet
by his comrade and both escaped in the
brush. . ; ' -.
Government Agents^re Progressing
With Survey for Minerals.
BUSY VIEWING
ALASKAN ORES
almost exclusively, of five consolidated
properties. In ls»00 the district pro
duced only a little more than 100,000
tons of ore. In 1904 the output amount
ed to 1.000,000 tons of copper alone.
Some of Mr. Boutwell's statements fol
low:
BJngham Is the oldest and largest copp«r
producln* camp in Utah. It Is situated in
nO K rth « cenlr^ lDart ot the stat<f »n the
£? J^!* TMT M , OUB 'al n 3. twenty miles southwest
of Salt Lake City. Tha main slopes of tho
Oqulrrhs. which rise steeply from elevations
of about SCCO feet on the surrounding deserts
to elevations of 10.000. feet on tha main di
vide, ere deeply dissected by many narrow
steep- walled -canyons. Toward the northern
en<3 of the ran?* U'a prominent canyon which
follows a crescentia cours* northeastward across
its eastern slope and receives a«veral tributary
canyons from the west. This Is Binsham Can
yon, which h«s given its name to the mining
district. Its drMnaga basin embraces the prin
cipal mlnmK localities which constitute the
Binscham district, an oblong area of about
twenty-four square mile*.
The present output consists almost entirely
of low-grada pyrttous copper ore with compara
tively email amounts of enriched high-grade
black eopp«r sulphide ora and of rich argentif
erous lead or*. The immense bodies of copper
ore occur as lenticular beds In metamorphosed
limestone adjacent to intrusives and fissures.
The rich argentiferous lead ores occur In strong
northeast fissures.
\u25a0 m \u25a0 1 ..1
Miss I. K. Connor, . milliner, formerly at 133
Geary street, removed to 223 Post street. •
« \u2666 » "--
NEW YORK. Aug. 19.— Lieutenant General
A.-: R. Cnallee.- Brigadier General James T.
Bell and William Crozier, who have been
designated to represent the general staff ot
the United States army at the French army
-maneuvers, sailed for Europe to-day on ths
Red .Star Line. »team*h!:> Kroonland. .»
\u25a0 » \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
WASHINGTON. Aug. 19. — The Navy Depart- "
ment has ordered the tag Uncas at New York -
and the collier Brutus at Hampton Roads to '
proceed to sea at once In- search of ths st«ojner
Athos. supposed to be drifting, disabled. 130
miles east cf the South. Carolina, coast.
has been begun in the Angels quartz
mine, according to the Angels Echo.
Additional electric power will be sup
plied to the : mines about Hodson and
Copperopolis by the Union Water Com
pany. ... . .
\u25a0In a petition to the Secretary. of the
Interior, asking for a survey of the
Searchlight and t Eldorado districts, in
Southern Nevada, tho * assertions are
made that the " two districts have pro
duced 59,000.000 in gold; that the pres
ent production may be conservatively
rated at $50,000 a month; that twenty
one .gold, ledges are In systematic de
j velopmentj^md that 'the, present output
will be increased .by the use of new
mills to the amount of at least $1,000,
000 in the coming year.'
\u25a0The Downleville Messenger reports
that the gravel channel has been reach
ed by the South Fork drift mine, situ
ated under the town of Forest City. ,
I The nrst annual report of the Combi
i nation mine, at Goldfleld. Nevada, for
! the period between October, 19.03, and
: January 1, 1905, shows that the profit to
the owners of the mine was J1.65C.078.
The. production was 11.800,252 and the
operating expenses $144,314.
A rich find of marble and onyx In the
Mill Creek Canyon, near San . Bernar
dino, is reported. The marble is In large
quantities and takes a fine polish.
The Redding Free Press reports that
the Lawson property In Trinity County,
the Trinity Copper Company's mine,
will soon take out ore.
; UTAH'S CAMP. . \u25a0"
John M. Boutwell of the United State's
Geological -Survey describes \ Utah's
greatest mineral district, . Blngfi&m.
which has a daily output of about 2000
tons of copper ore, which is the product,
SPOILS PLANS
OF TWO THUGS
a two-edged sword. We of California —
and If any State in the union knows
what Chinese coolie labor means Cali
fornia ought to know — we of Cali
fornia protest against the great
Trans-Mississippi Commercial Congress
adopting this resolution. Let the ques
tion come before the congress in the
proper manner. 'Do we favor the ex
clusion of Chinese or do we not?" Let
the delegates vote on that." » .
A motion by Raker to table the reso
lution was followed by a long wrangle
over parliamentary law between those
who wanted to speak in favor of the
motion arid, those favoring! the resolu
tion. Chairman Fleming endeavored to
restore harmony, by suggesting that r a*
mountain, was being ' made out of a
mole bill, and that the gentlemen op
posing the resolution and supporting
the motion to table- It were injecting
demagogisra Into the proceedings.
This failed to -have -quite the desired
effect, for Judge Raker was on his feet
instantly to register a* protest at what
he termed the unparliamentary lan
guage of Chairman- Fleming. The mo
tion was finally put to a vote and de
feated.
The Californians were yet unwilling
to acknowledge defeat, and Judge
Raker appealed from the decision of
the chair, charging that many others
than delegates had voted on hla motion ;
and caused Its defeat. In this he was
vigorously supported by .Frank H.
Gould of California.
i>ebatc again grew acrimonious and
pandemonium again resumed sway
when In a flash it was ended by Sena
tor E. F. Harris of Texas, who pro
posed to Raker that If the appeal was
withdrawn he would move a recon- j
sideration. Judge Raker accepted the
olive branch and the motion to recon
sider was voted on by States. It failed
to carry by the overwhelming vote of
204 against 43 in its favor. The con
gress unanimously selected Kansas
City, Mo., aa the next meeting place
and chose the officers recommended by
the permanent organization committee.
At a meeting of the executive com
mittee it was resolved to recommend
the re-enactment by Congress of the law
which formerly allowed Pacific Coast
builders of naval vessels a differential
rate sufficient to enable them to com
pete on equal terms with builders locat
ed upon the Atlantic Coast.
At to-night's session of the Trans-
Misslsslppi Congress a paper was read by
John H. Hibbs, who delivered an address
on "Differentials."
One of the most Important resolutions
adopted by the congress was that touch-
Ing on interstate commerce, as follows:
"We. Insist upon the rigid ; enforcement
of existing laws as the proper remedy
for the unmixed evil of rebates, discrim
ination in freight and express rates and
special privileges to private car lines by 1
raliicads."
BICYCLIST IVAXTS DAMAGES r; .
FROM MAX WHO RAN HER DOW.V
SAN JOSE, Aug. 19.— Julia E. Scan
lan to-day began suit In the Superior
Court against C. A.' Braun forss33S 50
damages. On the evening of July SI;
1905, the plaintiff alleges, while riding
her bicycle along Stpckton. avenue,
Braun. who was driving in an opposite
direction, ran into her.- She alleges
that her escape from death was a mir
acle.
"Framed to remove^r«njore," he
shouted. "That means nothing. Let
me tell you, vre are treading on dan
gerous ground; we are playing with
flre. This resolution will prove to be
PORTLAICD,.Aus. 19.— Pandemonium
tor mlnutea at a time characterized to
day's stormy session of the Trans-
MisstsElppl Congress, which concluded
•to-day Its sixteenth annual session.
The discord occurred over the passage
of a compromise resolution on the sub
ject of Chinese Immigration. The reso
lution was adopted by the congress, but
only after «very step had been bitterly
contested by a portion of the California
delegation, headed by Judge John E.
Raker and Frank H. Gould, who wanted
the congress to take an emphatic stand
In favor of exclusion. The resolution,
while not speciflc. is g-enerally con
sidered favorable to the contentions of
those who advocate reconstruction of
the exclusion law so as to admit a cer
tain number of Chinese coolies in con
sideration of the abandonment of the
Chinese borcott.
The resolution which caused the dis
cord petitions the President of the
"United htates to. If deemed expedient,
reiterate the Instructions for proper
'treatment of the privileged classes of
China, to ascertain through the proper
channels the reasons for the present
boycott and to appoint' a commission
to investigate and to report to Con
gress with recommendations for a com*
prehenaive immigration law, framed to
remove from the United States and our
insular possessions all undesirable per
sons from every country.
Chairman F. W. FlemingT of th« reso
lutions committee had scarcely fin
ished reading the resolution when
Judgre John E. Baker of* Calif ornia was
on bis feet.
Pandemonium Reigns in
Hall During the Discus
sion of the Chinese Ques
tion in Exposition City
PUT UP HAKD FIGHT
AGAINST KESOLUTIOX
Several 3lembers of Califor
nia Delegation to Trans-
Mississippi Congress Bit
terly Opposed to Coolies
EXCLUSION
LAW CAUSE
THE SAN FRANGISGO GALL,; SUNDAY, AUGUST liO; 1905,
Three sisters of- charity sailed .from
Vancouver. -8.C., by, the steamship .Em
press of - India, recently f, to ; i spend their
lives In the .* leper colony -at \u25a0 Kumamtu,"
Japan, where there are 400 lepers.*
33
, \u0084..;,- , _ \u25a0 indescribable fear, for
A^ "»!** m\u25a0 m auu at K& child-birth. "The thought
of the suffering and danger in store for her^ robs the expectant' mother
of all. pleasant anticipationsof the coming event, and casts over, her a
rJiadow of gloom which cannot] be) shaken ;off. "',^T^ousands of
have found that, the use of Mother's Friend during '-^ pregnancy rob*
confTnement of all. pain and danger, and insures to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is ;« v god-^6e»d;tbj^-r^mep~7iit'.the'
time of their most critical trial. v Not \u25a0[ onlr idoes I !; Mother's Friend
carry women safely through the perils ; 0/ child-birth^;" but its v use
gentiy prepares the system for the coming event; prevents "morning
Bickness," and other dis- /; :.\ "-'-'.;. ":;j::'-: : :'\ :JK .__"
$1.00 per bottle. Book -: ._/__: :^-."
containing valuable information free. §C&&MMESMbt M?f :
toe Bradfield Regulator Co., Atlanta. Ga. tT flfCfW BJ
• Don't Delay— Be Here Early l[kfi{f%€%:*^ \KF^%HMIS k fkl Like to °^ teAn for the^ r mone y the. best, values possible and are Ladies' Knitted linderwaai
if you wish to get a good scissors §%lrlL JPk« I W w IwS E*-*iil always pleased when a needed article is bought* at a saving. We f^% weather conditions have
or shears for io cents. " & ¥ «&3 \&& *td? A V V . .. , ' - t . * t»>-x A S^^ compelled us to cut prices
Made with different style handles; « are TUnnmg Q StOTe and OUr J SUCCeSS depends UpOl\ OUr ability ta—7y - and reduce stock. ~ - -
\u25a0 LVttogc^^^^^^ or F^h' 'SPstbs
p jt« : '' 'r'"' \u25a0 ' '. '"" ''\ "' — ' — ' — \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 ; -' ; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0< ' \u25a0 -\u0084^.' -'-«.- --<.. '.. \u25a0 I.. '\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \ .. — ~ '*; \u25a0 - -;' I t \u25a0' •\u25a0/'r^^^l ribbed; deep . lace* yoke;
: i bood hews : One of Our Many Good Offerings Sorosls Gloves ;; ; At a Low Price Like This Advance Styles of Ribbon for This silk bea^ -^f^ S|£
waisfSt a That we havetoshow^you-mCour Many of Fall MOdsVateiV PHCed ' through Priced >° n ™™£l
waist^suit. _ \u0084 ... n^&kK^^ at t ti J^-ta «Lm LADIES* VEST<il\f 7V r
7a\ Made of colored im- .. t AnTTrq' 4tttpt * vr.U; mended them to tHeir 'friends; : : No tani colored riiiile'd covert clnth :n: n ALL SILK TAFFETA RIBBON * VESTS— Made ; of pure
m&- ported lawns, also; per- O. j: LA^ES .SKIRT-.^ade AwoSdlr^Simore^f tiie^^ery ; t "iS -°S?i?J %~»° £%* *! ! -Rich luster^the imported V 1V 1 kind; -Y^ s.lk; swiss^ribbed; low neck
VJf2§|- cale; waist made 1 with f^ \u25a0° f Lonsdaie cambr^ c ; itrim -:'^d^^^^^^ flare .' tuailt u aiIo f- ; 4 inches' wide; :ihv p ink/: blue,: White, artdeno sleeves;- deep lace yoke back
raggPL tailor stitched tucks M mcd with an iB-inch lawn o?^ ic ked lambskin, mannish outside :- stltched ' fit and hang as it should, navy and: red.-Price:;:. V^. .;V;.lßc andifront; coldrs iP ihk, blue, cream
SSS^- front-- and back, with -«gTf . . flounce v tucks, double row; ; stitched seams, ; twdiCpdteht? clasps, Price •...>•......... ..'.•.OSc-. . >, i.;^ pi -"- : r "ki ; ''V ''^"^ H™&™#*£ri'?n<&i- •• • •>.??«..
/r® 2^ wide box pleat and pipr of lace - insertion; also^finY \ each one^stampedvwith- the: name of ' Hat Dine USIBS - rlannßlettß BOW(1S '-•• LADIES' ; - DRAWERS— Made, of
<^ »ng, detachable collar, ished with tucks, and lace, the glove, three rovvs of stitching ;_; _ - • »ai Tlllb Comfort" -i'givcrs.'^^ Made of ! >steam "FrencK thread; jersey knit; umbrella
new sleeves; new flaring skirt with to matc h insertion; in the new Ten- on the back; colors mode; .tan, With brilliant stones that look like shrunk flannelette, in pink and/blue shape; trimmed "with 4-inch wfde
band of piping down the seams, rmi- e riffe patterns; the lace alone is brown; gray, black, white; warrant- real diamonds; o inches long; needle stripes,^square' yokel back land' front, ; crocheted; :!a^; : jn?,pinle, blue' 'and
itary effect, \yide hem. Color? worth more ; than we ask \u25a0 for • the ed and fitted. The best $1.50 you pointed. v. :.\u25a0; ... ::...../.;.. ...13c rolling \u25a0collar, 1 scalloped with ; silk white. Price....... 50c
white with black dots tan with s kirt when finished. Price. ...98c ever got for ...../;v^./.; ; ..1f 1.00 , To the superstitious ones 2 for 35c embroidery. Price. ....... V... 50c LADIES* TIGHTS— Made of
black dots, gray with black figures; ' . \u25a0 • - - • •\u25a0'•-\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-•\u25a0- ----- -.. > \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - . ... ' . - i Italian silk- 'swiss* ribbed-* tieht fit
i % The First One Hundred Customers I,- i First - Zm < First Semd - -i *
Si so- all to be at an unheard-of That enter our store Monday and visit : our :^Zk&ZF : / :,".-\u25a0> - <: So l> e 'early. if you wish to get a pair of the 1 ' •w U . c '. M '? x J e » .^^-.r^^ 1 ? 1 " .5^25,
price.. 91.50 notion department are '< entitled to a 60-inch \u25a0• : . . : \u25a0".:• .... -'V^^^ft •> l v>% '\u25a0'.' /\u25a0 celebrated J.B. CORSETS— Known through- Monday sf and .Tuesday ' 3 price.; Sue
P. S.— Thev are all this season's tape measure with numbers on both sides .1 / • . 'f^S^^j^'. '< ' \u0084 * ' ;"<" out the civilized world for quality and fit. flualifw in UonH nr U/rio* D^n.«
styles Xo better fitting or finished FREE ' : » •, 1 ,y(V^^^\^fZ%L' ' -'.„*" \u0084• Made of imported sateen, triple side steels, cir- yUdlllJ 111 fidntJ Of VYIISI DdgS
garments made than these. TOOTH BRUSHES— Horn handles, clear \u25a0\u25a0:'*-\l \\ * JT- \u25a0\ : 2£*fW&&k;. f ii~ *\u25a0\u25a0„.• *- . cular cut, lace trimmed top and bottom. If your 400 amonf them.
. white, hog bristles. Price.". ....:......:.... 0c , \u25a0\.y \ 1 ' H-^t^^ir' ,'' . \u25a0 ' " size is 18,19, 20, 21, 22, 26. 27, 28. 20. .10 here's Travelers* (JamntN
Ail 600(l KOUS6WIVeS USB AprOnS SPOOL SILK-Large size, in red ,vN;-\ ' I imC^^^' M&- "'*.--— youro P portunity.AVholesaler'spriceissi2 i ooa X"N from Se
Herearesome. The Rood kind. ANTEYES-La^-anf sm^^^ dozen; their loss your gain. Pnce. \u0084-.uOc / \ j™^ c »Man
t. 1 nurses' or bib ap- pa^ c ?^ d^^ ES . .^"^dozeTfor ie T^L \u25a0 Light-WoigM 'Summer Corsets gh&L *? 7^--
RON— Made of heavy white PEARL BUTTONS— CIear white, eood '^OT« # V' 4 '^^^^^^F 7^ At an extraordinarily Ught price. ? A u • St • .He
lawn, hemstitched shoulder heavy kind, large, medium and, small sizes/. ' : -'>?WMBBgM^SM'^' \u25a0"'\u25a0':'• '' "" " Made of imported summer netting, also WMZmi ™Az<i? tno f hh e
pieces also hemstitched 5e a dozen « :':: ' : ' ; ''' '- batiste, rust proof steel boning; lace trimmed. f^WSm tT*** /.° hl3
bibs long strings and fin- MOURNING PlNS— Small jet heads, needle " fflNf^^^^Z? In white only. We are positive that there will o f them to \u0084 r ?»,
ished with a deep hem. minted. Box .2j/,c **^ 1^ \u25a0 be a big crowd around this bareain counter f re ieht^n them' back Lfl -"m
Price '• "'Z° GLYCERINE-For sore or chaobed, hands eS^^^ ti^V^h^ \u25a0 I l\ when we are offering a corset like this for 29c \u25a0{££ hh t t Q °" Vfg c bac .^ I*l1 * 1
KITCHEN OR HOUSE- and bruises? Whitens arid softens the skin- I I " If Th fl r« le Anulhlnw Woui B/nf L, ,r ? ff . d l Ur>
iKEEPERS' APRON- The genuine C01gate. .........:.. .5c a bottle " - V'-f^^^T -JL- Mill If TtlBrB IS Anything RBW suJdland al iSo?\£fnf *
Made of colored checked gingham, NECK CHAINS— Made of extra large -gold . P'-.wi -TWP sU'* You wiU always find h here * Cn li w 1 1 t
epaulets over the shoulder, large bib, beads, indestructible, rich luster, patent clasp. -i'W tlflTH' 1 Mt** I «- THE UNO DRESS SHIELD — Nainsook Ju "rf ,"f ?™*« au^u™
wide skirt. Price 2Oc Price 25c - Q lip W|.| JI. * 1 covered, which is odorless, also can be washed Venn, hand es All the new
BOOK PlNS— Best English make, i perfect V. Rf {JT - : -^if gA"** 7 and ironed. The most serviceable dress shield" v>*™u T !f ,-/ ~-
SOaO solid heads, needle pointed. Price 10c a'book yP? "\u25a0"-!/> Rf> V : ever made. Price ................ .......25c Regular . 3 oc -qua hty 35c
Th. g ood MnA e« Si ; ta ff.^*-*^-£ '! J S 6 A^ cX ftfi& \u25a0 IDOItodOfSOC 31.(1 750 tt S«sg g
A cake of genuine CASTILE •• n nu ~ - ' :': '- \u25a0'-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0"'-\u25a0'\u25a0 '*\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0''\u25a0 M '?«mnV i isni> r Regular $1.50 qua1ity... .......05c
SOAP and a Russiansoft wash rag ROW IdSa DfeSS PatternS [ r THE PRlvC* V :\u25a0 LADIES' BEL^S^ade of patent leather, Regular $2.25 quality 91.50
••coL^^umeV-oain^r An Patterns , T^^^;......... lOc \ :}: } *~~ ' \u25a0 -' : \u25a0As£L>!&^^ Good Hosiery at Broken Prices
e jEAV'^kspAbNE 20c - Instead of 50c Price these Beautiflers Corsets Jost Important Garment Gblc Neckwear at little Prices of^^Ld^re^TsS
hoy for 20c For a HAND-MADE TENE- Or^ hat drapes in other stores; then That '^ Tif you wish your neW fall • LADIES' OVER COLLAR W less black, double heel and ;
oox, iui - RIFFE TIDY. Round effect, linen come to us and see what we can dres's to fit' ' f£t£% —Made of XX white lawn: » toe, colored with silk em-
lariW and Rhildrfln'S SlinhnnnPtS center, with open drawn work, fin- save you. Here is one 54 inches I.-*. r- r .L-^ a ii n f n..r new fail hemstitch<:d aII around. W ?«)idered instep, full fin-
LaaißS ana UnilOFßn b OUIIUUniIBIb ished around the edge : . with fiftee n i ong( l 8 inches in width, made on C J^? C IZa tt^l • ™«S SZh'lni ErlP Price ..........Each 2iZc A .ished. JPrice ...25c
/v Be here early if you Teneriffe wheels. Manufacturers silk net, with fancy border of [chert IP A andstyles, many nch^and V^jg QUEEN ANNE TIE d LADIES' HOSE— Made of
ftw^O want some of these good discontinued keeping tidies in stocky ille dots; they come in black, » anasonie aesigns am one mcra.,_ tM% COLLAR— 45 inches long; gauze lisle, with openwork lace
rillUvP-V values - Made of. XXX that is why it enables us to selP brown and blue; real \u25a0 value Si.oa NEMO, THE SELF RE- .JrM * \u25a0 pointed ends; narrow hem- boot patterns, in tan or black; reg-
v&VwJliw colored and white lawn, them at such a low price. ..... .20c Special for Monday ......... .30c '• v 3 DUCING— Made of imported stitched all around. ...10c ular 50c kind; special, 3 pairs for
pJ^ftrfw \u25a0 trimmed with three fluted ' , : <*^v coutil, aluminoid boning; lace '1 $1.00
7g|4ifej£ ruffles and Valenciennes U/(\/l (D >A P Turkish HnQhinh P.nvorc wA trimmed. These corsets will , »7 /TV y\ ST\ . t\ CHILDREN'S HOSE— Made of
Urift Si Jace; also some are llVli/ ,tiftsPXlAtPMHlt ; WRY retain their shape forever and silk fini shed thread, double heel,
tucked with Valenciennes lace, the All J\ ,\u25a0 Y. Jyf |f|V ' V, , J • Made of genuine turkish tapestry, lp? a day; the defects of nature .II f| ** lAJ&syilAJy/t _\\ toes-and knees, extra length, elas-
new Quaker style, in pink, blue, xLJ \J v y^^^^^f^sSi/^i^K' m bright- colors, 23 inches square. I • are hidden or,helped. That's / \ /\/ \ / fi//sp£jsj&**Ja^{[ityi^9 tic and jersey ribbed, soft as velvet
white; cutting prices now to- reduce ( |R M tof c» ra( , t In'fl' J-arroH iro&t tass , els r in each corner: finished what you will find in these. Our o.e i. 2r! / flf c tr ,. t ioVn'rarrall C»r«a t0 the most tender feet; all sizes,
stock. Price 35c do KarKet btrSSI 10 U rarreil -UB6I -ready for the cushion; Now.. 17c price ....^./.. ....... .......$ IsO1 '5O Old BriilKßl Mrccl id U rarfell StrBß|- Tan or black. Price. .........25c
W Furniture I •JV
M B and Car- *- .
- & %mr pets for..
, Per Week
\u25a0T^g^^r Parlor Table^^^s
*^^^^^^^ — Quartered kao bs. ,>. |,y^_ II .
B X^\ \ ? a^' P** 1 * 0 .^ 11 " eTOfd and: |ffe^^^> ; ,^3 -^£^ f|
£ — - J ?2 Oft sT ie:
'\u25a0,^sB Hair Mattress Folding Bed- \^ jgk
Wkuw ,A (L .... Guaranteed solid
' MMIi ~ 301b ' we^ ht » oak-a beauty— fi^^^^
' mm XX tic king:, regular $35.00, l^oSg^
SwW fCg> $15.00, special l^^£s^l
5 Mil :\u25a0: \u25a0 \u25a0 *g£ „- $25.00 ; m^M )
gPi $6.95 $I.ooDown.sl.oo
v *:> AL^yrTOyqiEDlT yo\J WANT
' Jssk Dres / er^ Dla - ChiffoniViV 1 - V(^!W %
- %mi& 9 *l©ft .mono s h ape cii.j u-t v 'ML AHk
; . Ml#| -French olat'e So^oak^fench j^s=^
\u25a0^^^J^la mirror— genuine' P»ate mirror, re g.
* \u25a0 >: jii£3s£Sh, white maple,reg. $22.50, special [t^^^fl
\u25a0-IS-MSSM- ? 20 *°°' s P«cial CIO
\u25a0^ESgpSffil -'•$13= ; 75 : - 'T *s• "\u25a0:•\u25a0
M£M^ I^oo dqw^, slop $1 -~ r « wi i sOc - WSm
: -''f^~- \u25a0' \u25a0 *"^^ -.Per Week * T er week ' " Jj
T.Braiiant^S
- 338-342 Post Street on Union Square
Godd Food
Tastes Good -
and Does Good
Try ' ' \u25a0 ' ; ' ' '\u25a0
Grape-Nuts
1 0 doys for a reason.";
Paralyzing - Rheumatism
Quickly Cured By
ELpjMHEMISI|r
Wm 1 i I
MRS. CARRIE GUMP.
>546 Third St.. San Francisco."
"I wu a great pufferer from rheumatism.
Mjr arms were bo etlft and sore I could hardly
Ufte them. Finally I became co bad that I
thought I should become paralyzed. My hands
and arms would feel numb and I would have a
tingling sensation In th<-m, and I was told that
paralysis began that way. I tried many medi-
cines, but nothing helped me until I took tbe
Etectro-Chemlc treatment, and that helped me
right away.
"In a eaort time, at a very small expense, I
have been thoroughly cured by the Klectro-
Chemlo treatment.".
MRS. CARRIE GUMP.
348 Third St., San PrancUeo.
Electro-Chemistry is the most successful
treatment known for consumption, catarrh,
asthma,' bronchitis, deafness, ringing ear»,
bead noises, dizziness, cancers, tumors, ulcers,
old cores, eczema, pimplee. eruptions, head-
ache, neuralgia, rheumatism, locomotor atax-
ia. paralysis, blood poison, diseases of the
etoroaeh. liver and bowels. constipation, lndl-
* gestion, piles, fistula, female diseases, cruch as
Irregularities, painful ovaries;
!a diseases of the kidneys, Bright's disease,
diabetes, inflammation of the bladder, special
diseases of men. such as prostatltls, nerve ex-
haustion, stricture and enlarged prostate. The
Electro-Chemic home treatment Is very suc-
cessful. Patleats living at a distance are
loaned a full EJectro-Cliemic outfit for the
home treatment. It Js always best, however,
for such a person to come for a personal ex-
cmination when possible. The Electro-Chemic
.Institute, the only en« on the Pacific Coast, is
located at 11* Grant avenue, corner of Post
street. San Francisco. There are separate and
private apartments for the accommodation of
male and female patients, and the office hours
are from 9 in tbe morning until 0 In the after-
noon, and from 7 to 6 at night dally, and on
'Sundays from 10 In the morning until'l in the
afternoon. Consultation end examination Is
tree In all cage*.
DISEASES OF WEN I
Oor modrm and op-to-dat*m*thodi
for the certain and «peedy cure of stricture
Rupture. Piles. lUood Poison, Nerv-
ous Debility and Conl rnctrd Disorders
have won for us thousand* of testimo- ,
niaUfrom patienu who Lave been cured.
Vat-foe**!*. we treat by oar. Improved
medical vibratory method, wliere others Die
theknife. vv U*«r » band «• «easrtu>
tee to cure all cases we undertake. Our im-
prored French Cone* lor the treatment of •
the Injured Prostate never fall. An? man
tut! erir.g from Weakness and wno is Unde-
\u25bceloped can obtain from us (frett by mail )
our 10 day's special treatment and illustrated
chart descri bing the cause and effect of Lr»*t
Vitality and Weakness. Recent case*
cured in one day by the Frencb Dilating
and Irrifiw.ting' Method.
Correspondence private. ContulUtion FREE.
. the DR. TALCOTT co.
* - 1140 MARKET HT.
Opp.* Hal«*s ' Wan' Francisco. Cal;no_textno_textno_textno_textB.F.Stoll. dentist: Haight & Masonlo ay."
\u25a0Activity on: the t part ' of the Fish < and
Game j': Commissioners "has f resulted -inj
the .' arrest" of .: many;; violators lof > the"
laws i of I Calif orriia'and ' lnl each case .the
fines r imposed^ have- been : in 'accordance
Work for I Fish" Commissioners.
the ': part , that » it .will '. take : ln, the grand 1
parade In ! Sacramento. 5 A* large
of !<! < the i members -.wilK be Mh v the" 'capital
city;; and \u25a0 wil 1 % dot their r share •; to . make
a \u25a0 display* that ; wlllvf maintain -, the'(ex
cellent *> reputation ;' that /* the ?XYosemite
girls have learned . In ' r the '\u25a0\u25a0•: last v^few.
years.:""' '; i:: r : /'-/;.- ; \;": : ;.^' >.*• • '-•\u25a0\u25a0'. >;- ,'v ';-:
Jingle . Main , 588 " for : Edward ; Knowles " Com-,
pany, «up«rlor prtnUrs,' 24 'Second ;\u25a0
c': The 'delegates, of the Thirty-seventh
Assembly. District; met. last -evening, at
758,Haight street and elected George D.
Clark* chairman, W. : J. Ruddick ), vice
'chairman; *C> B. ™ Perkins secretary and
George Hewlett assistant secretary,' and
adopted the "following resolutions: ""« V.'-':
• '" ."Whereas,'; Tho ' delegates ; of the Thir
tyrseverith f f Assembly ,«-> District ' were
elected on; a well understood and clearly
defined anti-Ruef: platform; and v, ;
''Whereas, Unfounded rumors have
been" circulated^ that"; some .of ; the dele
gates to the jßepublican'municipal con
vention! mayb e persuaded; to' betray the
trust reposed "in .them;! and 4 :. ,v, v
psZ Whereas,! .The^ delegates from this,
the| banner .Republican-; district;' of ; the
city^- have always' been loyal to- the
principles, which they^have chosen', to
represent; therefore be* it v f: ': ;•\u25a0' :
s;i"Resolved,' That each and every mem
ber of ; ; this ; delegatlonVdenounces ; these
rumors ' and 'f hereby - pledges " himself *to
stand firm bjK the" San j Francisco Repiihi
lican League* f rom ~\ first Ito J last ;• for; the
cause of/a clean* city, clean politics and
a' clean administration." \*.- :.
Men of Thlrty-SeventU ; Assembly Dis
\u25a0; trlct Pledfife. Themselves Anew to
the; Republican Leasrue.
\u25a0 Abraham Lincoln ._: Council: of 'the
Junior ' Order ? of v American? Mechanics,
representing '222 : qualified; electors," "at
its i last meetingj adopted a' series . of
resolutions asking *: fori/'the] enactment
of such laws as will shield us from the
depressing effects r of, unrestricted | lm-^
migration,' to > the end that <) the 'Amer
ican 'laborer may not only, be' protected
against the product' of f foreign Ipauper
labor, butrthat'-: hefrmay Tbe 'protected
against direct competition' in ithis coun
try, by; the' incoming of . the competitive
alien." r The;V resolutions ; also %. demand
an, early; reformation of the naturaliza- t
tlon % laws, '*- the" raising? of ?\u25a0 the '. require-^
ments for citizenship and that the elec
tive franchise ') be Vmader more ; a ? high
privilege.' \v Similar, \u25a0; resolutions ; ; \u25a0 have
been : -"presented ', for ;| adoption . in 7 every
council -of : the "order in '; : the , United
States.'. . The = order . has^lso6 . councils,'
with TanT ' an aggregate .membership of
i30,900.j :? ?\u25a0;> .-'\u25a0;;.:; \u25a0 .\u25a0// : ."\u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0.; \u25a0,"
Restricting: Immigration.
DELEGATES DENOUNCE STORY ' _
. THAT THEY ARE NOT LOYAL
"Four suits cleaned and pressed- $1 a
month, called for," delivered. : Club Ren
ovatory, 638 Post st f Tel. East 421. • '
• Another, arrest in the naturalization
fraud cases was ' made yesterday .. by
United States : Secret .Service Agent
Richard H. Taylor. The prisoner was
Harry, Johnson, second^mate-of, the gas
oline steamer Wasp. Johnson was nat
uralized 'in the ; Superior i. Court t in . this
city In 1902, : Frank Jansen,\ alias John
son, and G. Holmgren ibelng his wit
nesses: " They *\u25a0\u25a0 swore '; that I .' they -had
known him \n\< this country for five
years, - when In fact he had ; lived * here
only two years at the time. The pris
oner confessed to Agent Taylor that he
paid $12 to Frank Jansen, \ alias \u25a0 John
son, i for his • services \u25a0 and ' that rhe | ob-,
tamed his |. second? mate's \u25a0• license upon
the * papers thus ; fraudulently obtained.'
The' prisoner Is ' being held as a* witness
against the others. " .
Harry Johnson Confesses That He Paid
; Frank Jansen Twelve : Dollars for
Giving Perjured Testimony.
According to the Scientific American
the power generated In a modern
steamship In a single voyage across the
Atlantic is enough to raise from tho
Nile and set In place every stone oX
one of the great pyramids.
ANOTHER 1 ARREST MADE IN
THE NATURALIZATION CASES
The San Francisco association of
members of the American Society of
Civil Engineers held its regular bi
monthly, meeting in the Palm Room at
the Palace Hotel last night. •
Captain William W. Harts, the presi
dent, was, master of \u25a0, ceremonies, g;
Following a delicious dinner, papers
recently published, in the proceedings
of the society were discussed. A. paper
by E. H. Warner, on "The Hydraulic
Plant of the. Puget Sound Power Com
pany," was; discussed by A. L. Adams,
and another, by D. A. Watt, on VRlver
and Harbor Outlets," was discussed by
Captain Harts and L. J. Le Conte..
The following were present: Arthur
li Adams, Edward M. Boggs, H. D. Con
nick,\u25a0'\u25a0. R. M. I Drake, ' Charles T. Dudley.
AJ B.\ Fitch^ H. D. Gates, Edward F.
Haas, William W. . Harts, W. C. Ham
matt,''H. L. Haehl,', P. . E. Harroun, A.
Kempkey 3 Jr.; i Stephen ; E. ; Kleffer, ; N. B.
Kellogg, Norman B. Livermore, L.' J. lie
Conte, 'Edward N/Prouty, E. A.i Rlx,
William O'Shaughnessy, O. P. Shelley,
Frank Soule," C. H. ''. Snyder, Carl" Uhlig,
H. H. Wadsworth, F/ Riffle secretary/
the Proceedings of the
..Association.
Discuss Papers Recently Published In
Burns'
For up-to-date Women's Shoes that fit
and wear. $3.50 and $5.00. 112 Geary st*
the close season. Dennis OTLeary of
Colusa was fined $50 for kUllng a fawn.
Tony Bezonl and White ilcClure were
fined $20 for fishing for bass near Sac
ramento.
SOCIETY OF CIVIL ENGINEERS
HOLDS MEETING AT PALACE
with the offense. . Wednesday Henry
Christopher was fined 550 In Yreka'for
killing deer In the close season. H.
Matushara was fined $100 for fishing
with; a trap near Los Angeles on Tues
day. .J. Cavagna was fined $75 for hav
ing a doeskin in! his possession in St.
Helena.- .T. G. ' Caukwell, F. A. Lang
and R. Faulkerson were fined $50 and
$25 respectively for killing deer in the
close season. Charles Kisakl of Mon
rovia was fined $25 for killing quail In
Near the Panama Canal exists gold
mines abandoned by Spain centuries ago.
They will soon be reopened. " "" . *\u25a0!
. \ Bay ,' City ; Parlor.- announces that It
will have ] striking « f eatures^ In : the I pa
rade, ' but ' will I not /announce , : them/ : as
It does not want ; the • "others to get! on
and copy." ';}. It : has - organized a drum
corps for the parade. \u25a0\u0084\u25a0',;'; \
" /El; Capitan -Parlor,- one iOfithe^young-^
est of .the local parlors,"' will- be -repre
sented '; in line ' by . forty *, who,
will i be % dressed > In v, white,V= emblematic
of; fraternal " purity,*. and* they. .,' will- keep
off ; freckles? by > carrying^ white;; sun
shades .with*; old gold streamers.'. Ti This
parlor^ .will have headquarters ; : in i the
offlce^of the: Stated Printer: - \u25a0 t \u0084
',Yosemlte ! of X the \u25a0\u25a0". Native
Daughters J of; the . Golden .-West, /which
has ? never ? been ; In ; the .(background % on
the | occasion: of tthe^ celebration of CAd-'
mission • day, ? at ? Its |, meeting i last*' Tues
day ,'night made* final " arrangements S for
California Parlor, the mother parlor
of the order, will make a good showing
in the parade. The uniform selected
consists of white trousers, . negliges
shirts, Windsor ties and straw ; : hat«. J
Each member will carry a sunshade to
protect him from the emlles of the orb
of day that are so genial In Sacramento.
In the parade the parlor; will be . pre
ceded by Its drum corps of twenty
pieces- and a band,' of (twelve? pieces.
Grand Treasurer McDougald, who isa
member of the. parlor, : .wlir-act'aa aid
to the grand marshal. California No.'
1 Will have headquarters in the Senate
chamber of the; capital. ; . •/
Alcatraz Parlor, > which has .in its
membership James L. . ." Gallagher,
grand president, and Charles- H. : Tur
ner, the grand secretary, wlll s have .at
least 100 members *in. line. * They will
wear white , trousers; brown silk, shirts,'
blue ties and ; white .felt'; hats. / This
parlor - will have : headquarters over ; the
machinery hall i In -the new pavilion. '.% A
feature of | the entertainment by yAlca
traz during the Qelebration' days will be
a grand ball.' ? The,prlncipal .offlcers^of
this parlor 'are: r.T.'/J. i-Sullivan, past
president; "J.iF. Jewell, president;' T.- J/
Carter/ J. O'Donnell and ;; A. r Bragone,"
vice, presidents, and Edward Manning,
marshal: • " 'f\ ' ' '> : \. "-. \u25a0: . ';'\u25a0'\u25a0'
BAY CITY ;IS MYSTERIOUS^ ; ;
Hesperian Parlor expects tb have a
glorious time in' the celebration 'city.
It will have as : special guests Las
Lomas Parlor of the Native Daughters.
The parlor will have with It its ;band
and drum -corps, numbering in all
thirty-two members. It'^wlll have'head
quarters .in Red \u25a0 Men's' Hall ; at Tenth
and K. streets. It will , give a concert
and ball. \u25a0 ' . r
As the time approaches for 'the cele
bration In" Sacramento 6f. the [admission
I of California into .the Union" the parlors
J of this city and those of Alameda Coun
j ty are; active \in -.making ] preparations
. for participation^ in the^graiid; parade
In Sa'cmme'nto^on;<{"Jßepteinber 9, in
whioh •pard'de'i'it. lßVexpecte'd^inqre than
5000 Native Son's. f and 'Daughters will
take part." 4 - -''<v?* v>-:-'- \u25a0•*£.\u25a0':*': .-",\u25a0
At the Joint ninth of September-com
mittee, meeting -held-»last night :ia Na
tive Sonsvjrlall it was decided that none
of the. parlors- should engage anyi non
union .band in the parade -in this city
or in Sacramento.' "-\u25a0"•,..
A motion to changet the time \u25a0of leav
ing this city from' 7 p.m . on September
8 was defeated. . It -was decided that
the train' With the main body should
leave at 7:40, p. m.
It was decided that there shall be no
parade " In San Francisco on ' the night
of September. 8. .\u25a0• . '
Olympus Parlor, proposes to surpass
anything heretofore done in the cele
bration-line. More^than , three-fourths
of the members have signified their-In
tention to parade in- Sacramento.^'lt
is expected that more than 100 members
will bo in line. The . parlor ~> will
proceed to the capital city on the
steamer Zlnfandel with its friends.
The vessel has accommodations for 350.
.The passengers will enjoy, a moonlight
ride on the Sacramento River and on
the way there will bemuslc and a flrst
cld.ss lunch. The. parlor will be accom
panied by Its drum and; bugle corps.
At Sacramento the ' parlor ..will keep
open-house . during the .; celebration.
The committee of arrangements .con
sists of Henry Joost, .' Richard Cullen,
Fritz Ernst, Charles , White, J.Deitz
and J. Frankel. George , McCor r
mick is the chairman of the entertain
ment and. George Vogel of the recep
tion comn.ittee.. . \ ' '\u25a0,\u25a0\u25a0
: - PRETTY UNIFORMS.
ADMISSION DAY
IN SACRAMENTO
Complaint was made yesterday to the
City Engineer that Mission street, from
Onondaga avenue to the county line.
Is Impassable, owing to. the roadway
having been torn up to be bltumlnlzed
by the Barber Asphalt Company, which
has the contract to do the work. Dairy
men said they were unable to' bring
their milk Into town, owing to the dirt
being piled' In all uirectlons on the
street. An Inspector was at once de-.
tailed to compel the contractor. to clear
a passageway In order that traffic may.
not be Impeded. ".*. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ..,- ...;.. •
Dairymen Co lain AVagoni Cannot
Get Tbroucu Mlaslou Street From
Ooondaga Avenue to Line. <
SAY -OADWAY IS IN AN
IMPASSABLE COXDITION
, Thirty.r. men of Company B, Coast,
Artillery, ? Captain command
ing, will leave to-day for, Napa to shoot,
a match with ; a like number of. men .of
Company H of the Fifth Infantry, Cap
tain Gardner commanding, at the Napa
range.
Companies A, F and G of the. Fifth
Infantry will make the shooting scores
this' year at the Glen Park range. •
When 'David Albert Smith, major of
the Fifth : Infantry, was " re-elected a
few weeks .since, Bome-ione- raised .a
technical objection to; his continuance,
in office.. The matter was referred to
the ',- Attorney General -and last .week,
the point not being well , taken, a cer
tificate of re-election was issued' to j
Major Smith, who .will hold office for
four years morel ' He now is . not only
the senior major of the regiment, but
the senior major of the State. The
major has been a very active officer in
the { guard: for/ nearly i a quarter of a
century and in that f time has been the
means of .bringing about many 'reforms
for the betterment; of the guard.
RIATCH SHOOT AT : NAPA.
On the night of Thursday. September 21,
the First Infantry." of the National Guard,
Colonel s Fllmer commanding,' will assem
ble In , Mechanics' Pavilion, when there
will be military athletics and the pre
sentation of colors' to the regiment, a re
view by Governor -Pardee, races and
dancing. .
The races will consist of shelter tent
pitching and equipment races. Possibly
there j will jbe other races in addition to
military, evolutions. vThe affair, is being
arranged as to details by a committee
consisting of Captain H. . G. Mathewson,
t regimental - adjutant; Captain A. McCul
loch v and First Lieuten*int D. A. Hagens.
Ten .thousand tickets will be issued,, and
all National Guard organizations within
easy distance : of this city will -be Invited
to co-operate with the regiment. An ap
peal will be made to the merchants to
assist in the matter.- : ; • '.
Captain Mathewson, regimental adju
tant of the First Infantry, Is at this time
having gallery targets installed in the
armory at Page and Goughstreets In ac
cordance, with the gallery system : adopt
ed by the War Department. The shooting
wiU be at reduced, distances, with re
duced charge of ammunition, but the re
sults will be practically as if shooting at
the "-; regular distances— 2oo, 300 and 500
yards. The installation will be completed
in about ten days. ::
!' MEN OF FIFTH BIVOUAC
I Last Wednesday night Colonel , Filmer
had_the First Regiment of Infantry out
! for street drill on Van Ness avenue. That'
i was the first time the regiment has been
ordered out for such. drill since. the pres
ent commanding officer, took charge. The
three battalions made a good' showing
and the men did creditable work.
. Thirty-five men of ' Company F of the,
Fifth Infantry left Oakland last week
and marched eight miles •to a point
near • Orlnda Park, where they biv
ouacked for the night and the next day
had military : maneuvers under com
mand of Captain . Wethern. The men
on the march carried blankets, shelter
tents and two days' rations.: ,
' The :\u25a0 new armory for Company.A of
the Fifth at Twentieth street and San
Pablo avenue, Oakland, will soon be
ready for occupancy. It Is to be mod
ern in every * respect. "When this is
completed the two companies In Oak
land will be housed In first-class style.'
Company F" has very comfortable quar
ters in Maple Hall. " \u25a0.'•:'\u25a0'-.
| Company G' of Alameda, which some
time ago was burned out, has within
the last few days been re-equipped and
wilr «soon be actively at work again.
.E. G. Hunt, recently electedmajor in
the Fifth Infantry, has' received his'
commission, has qualified and in a few
days 'will assume command of his -bat
talion. \u25a0' ' "'• : \'-'' !i *'. \u25a0'".'<''\u25a0• "* : -"'/
In Spite of Technical Ob
jection Major of Fifth 1 ;
Is Continued in Office
LAW- SUSTAINS ' SMITH
First Infantry of Jlie Ra
tional Guard to Have Colors
Presented After Eeview
MILITARY NICHT
IN SEPTEMBER
THE' SAN -FRANCISCO iCALL.^SUNDAY,' AUGUST 20, 1905.
Mrs. Lizzie Fettseather of 2 Hoff
avenue was arrested last night and
charged at the Mission station with
gTand larceny. She Is accused by Mrs.
T. B. Groom, who conducts' a restaurant
at 3012 Sixteenth street, with having
rifted the till of the eating establish
ment of $100 during the temporary ab
sence of the proprietress. Seventy dol
lars was found on the woman's person
when arrested.
Charged With Grand Larceny.
36
A Harmless Eye Remedy
/55?»5v^* Recorr.niended by a loving
B^^LVSm mother: •'Grorge Mayerle'a
'"<J2s^^ Eyewater helped my little
girl's eye« wonderfully.
MRS. S. SALT. Centerville Cal." Insist oa
settles the GENUINE. Look for the signature
of GEORGE MAYERLE. At (JniFgrlets 1 60c;
by mail 65c. or direct from
GEORGE MAYERLE.
- German Optical Specialist.
1071^2 Market St.. San FrancUco.
M*yer!e'a Antiseptic Eyeglass Wlpera 2 for 25c
O'Connor; moffatt <& co.
.-. ; 1 - : :;._ n -_- -IJ .;._^'.; i '_:/.'_ v . v -.-.^-.- -.-.'".- :.r.-u-,:n.-_r.: .r.-u-,:n.-_r.- 1 .-. ._ _ .... _ .n.lOti -n , -.-Jl-----X-.-L-.- ---,-, -, ,_.._^
..•SILK DEPARTMENT...
Special values in Fancy Silks, suitable for handsome shirt-waist suits and the hew style long
coat and plaited skirt suits. We have made special efforts for this season to select a very large and
/exclusive variety,of styles in Fancy Silks to sell at the popular price of $i.oo per yard, and the re-
sult is that we are now showing a superb collection of colorings in Checks, Stripes, Fancy
Checks, small Jacquard effects, in an extra quality of Taffeta Silk, all tf*| f\t\ _~,, \7-^r»ri
WRITE FOR SAMPLES. 20 inches wide. " • JI.W pCF yaTU
"...LACE DEPARTMENT...
: / Lace Robes— We have just received our new Fall stock of handsome Lace and Net demi-
ready Robes in exclusive designs.
Black' Applique Silk and Net, from. $30.00 to $70.00 each \u25a0
Point Liere in Cream and White, from $ 18.00 to $45.00 each
White Net Robes; from. .....". .$ 16.50 to $40.00 each
White, Pink and Blue Net Robes ......$ 10.50 and $ 13.50 each
Black Spangled Robes, from .....$ 11.501 1.50 to $25.00 each
• . . - \. . . . \u25a0 \u0084 \u25a0 \u25a0. - * r \u25a0 . \u25a0
New Laces— We are now showing a very handsome assortment of New Galoons, Bands,
'Edges, Insertions and Festoons in Black, Cream, White, Ecru and Ivory, with All-Overs to match.
New Veilings— We are showing a very large variety of the newest styles in Automobile
and Outing Veils, in all the latest colorings, including Violet, Olive, Alice Blue, Gray, Reseda and
Ombre effects; in Crepe, Chiffon, Spun Silk and Chiffon -Louisine. I
18 to 36 inches wide and from 2 to 3 yards long.
Prices from $2.25 to $5.00 Each
...KNIT UNDERWEAR...
DEPARTMENT
Ladies' Merino Vests and Pants, natural color, HP. Men's Natural -Color Merino Shirts and Draw- *7C/»
half, wool, sizes*2B to 44, each. ............. •Jv ers, medium weight; sizes 30 to 46. At, each /DC
Ladies' fine Merino Vests and Pants, white, C 1 f\(\ M< ?"J* HWH W % hir } s lt , and .Drawers, natural
Ladies' Australian Wool Vests and Pants, m white Men - S Heavy Australian Wool Shirts' and <M CA
and natural colors, sizes. 28 to 44, each JJ^S Drawers, natural' color, sizes 30 tb 50, each JI.jU
...... '"'. *"* **^ * We also carry a complete line' of the celebrated
Ladies' Swiss Ribbed .Union Suits, in white or.nat- "Kneipp", Linen Mesh Underwear for both men and
-ural/. high : neck, long sleeves, two-thirds G"1 H 2 . women. .Jhese gpods are highly recommended by.
hand finished, each.. ......... .....;>p1»« **:- f : the medical authorities for their healthful properties.-
Black Silk Petticoat, made of quality of Taffeta, with deep accordion pleated CJ^ CA
flounCe trimmed with" two rows of ruching. Worth $6.50. Each..... i ±,O\J
t • a „. , ;m; m \u25a0! j^^J-^^2. s l' On Monday we will place on
Just rccewed ou new ' m ; L^^^y^/ . sale 200 pieces of genuine
portation of Messahnelnbbon, |.>*^a*^*>W€/«-^. > *^a*^*>W€/«-^ . !; Chiffon -Panne Ribbon, un-
consisting of seventy-five !; \Jfrf rfl k£ 1 ! equaled for its brilliancy and
shades, including all the lead- ;! t „ FTi '< 1 - USt 1c1 cT J. in all c staple shade3 -
white, cream and black, is un- ; ;- p «o S^^yT^ ' worth \u25a0 4.SC Yard.... 9A
matchable ; for. its brilliancy j! r j^*>^3 OUC
and fineness of silk; 6 ?A^ j! f lil * m n \u25a0 >Ti** ; > 1 -"^ j ; Ribboa botrs tied fre« of
inches wide Per yard HI tO 121 POSt StTCCt ! m .de to order
CIRCUS TICKETS
FREE AT BROWN'S
I^^! • Every' purchaser of
ffl n^SSl^^^^pEiOS, s ?.^^- Brown Bros. & .Co.
clothing : bet w. e en
hw^ss^^oJS^B^m celve circus tickets
* r V^?, u^ 4 5 » s .?^ili NEW YORK OTY. \ltotiKvHJ^.P^rujic£>^BKJ^BXO] X_
CONDUCTED ON SOI'NP BU3INCSS PRIN Cl PLCS^^g^^^l j TFee.
f J^^%^ S arnum anc^ Bailey have the greatest
/^/^~~^^§&r show on earth,- so have Brown Bros. &
[ft wR jlz§& 0# c est c ' ot^' n S money can buy.
ur su ' ts are mac^ e t ' le most expert
You want to see the French lady t-v , . . t ', , . .-
do this auto stunt for which she Brown has always sold the best;ready-:
gets $100.00 a second. to _ wear c i o thes in San EranGis£pfana||p
f^flfWM^^^^^^ ways at the most moderate prices. We
aye su ' ts f° r men from $io to $35 and
1 or t>°y s "fr om $ 2-5o2 -5o up. Brown Bros. &
Is^^^lBRm^ S uarantee everything they sell; you
®> a^ e n0 c^ ances ' anc * y° u s et a
Jljjlllll Circus Ticket Free!
BROWN SSffi
Mg&M !"T*BlTsHEo]K|£i.«if AM Al>lCFT ;^ir M below
; \u25a0 \u25a0 ; •-'\u25a0• '• - - JSMAR. ' ,\u25a0'".'
ESCAPEg^WFm DEATH
. \u0084,^^., \u0084-"-.- .- \u25a0•-.-,.. ' \u25a0 • . • \u25a0 • • \u25a0/ •-•\u25a0\u25a0• Ismar never requests
-\u25a0 ; nor/pays for testimonials. Th«y cum« to her entirely unsolicited. Furthermore
she,ne\»er publishes a letter unless requested to do so by the writer of it.
: -Remember this: t That Ismar can do for you what she has done and is do-
ing for others. r .If you are ailing, call on her. She can cure you if possible. 'If
you^are in trouble she can aid you. If- you are in business or ar"about to en-
: terinto;business. she can tell you how.to succeed. If you are successful? Ihe
can tellyou how to. lncrease your success. Don't 1 marry before seeing Ismar*
;; she can. save you untold, misery. In any case; she can tell you how to be haDDv
3 Knowyour future by; all means Some of the most successful and prosper^
« menrand business.- society and politics .in San Francisco nevdr maka
!deTyiSSSS tflr3t consulting Ismar. Do^t.let
..Three questions answered for $1.00; fullllfe reading $5 00 Vi
Ismar'a address is 1104 Market street. San Francisco Cai ph Btl . a««#w^
. . •1141.72 Hours; 10 a. m. to 5 p. . m. Sundays,- 10 a.' m. to 12 m. \u25a0 on * Souti ,
VW 'l'.DMlilifi'^" s ' 'PV 80 ?# t^^"5f-*^^"'V h ' e ' co »» t »y and clalmlnjr to h»
If AKW \viU I ? mar I s f- fraud \ The great Ismar never leaves F»n
if amunu claco , but can , always be found at her .omee?S i ld?!rti2£ llr
KAUFMANN'S
SUMMER aEARANPF
All tans must go. Our final effort to
dose oat every pair of summer shoes.
i We are not even satisfied with the reduc-
tions that we had made— prices already down
| to manufacturers* cost— but irrespective of
| former price, cost or loss to us, have reduced
all ladies' tan low shoes to $2.15 and $2.65;
\ these shoes have sold at $3, $3.50, $4 and $5. \
This b a shoe event you cannot afford to
miss — buy now for future use.
At this At this price
•price we offer . v^&w we .°'tf*. x l
chocolate kid chocolate '•\u25a0
r\ t a '4.x. A/**n<d&P^ —r^fa Gibson ties •
Oxfords with vm&L \u25a07£s Cw'th 'b-
hand- turned WSfc--'smf ' b °"^ hralnd "
| soles, tan calf , . turned; tan
Blucher Ox- mf-/^!f''*MM : calf '\u25a0\u25a0 -"bbon;
fords having v^P^ W ' n Oxfords, ex-
extended /^ZC^^ ' tC S ° le ? :
soles, choco- * — \u25a0£« ' Oxfords ex-
late suede tended soles;
ribbon ties, hand-turned, Champagi'lfe kid Gibson ties,
etc., etc. hand-turned ; soles, French
or Cuban heels, etc., etc.
These are all our $3.00 .These are allour $3.50,
! and some $3.50 grades.- $4 and $5 grades.
Extensive reductions on a number of black
ties and black high shoes, also on many lines of
children's and boys' shoes, in particular' school
shoes. i •'/.-vC-'l " •
Mail orders filled carefully and promptly. Send for
GOOD '^TT O*I^R, Mrs.. Mary -Johnson, despondent be
cause her lover married another woman
and she was without employment, at
tempted suicide last night by taking
.three ; drams of In3ect poison. Mrs.
Johnson was . treated at the Central
Emergency Hospital by ' Dr- Reuben C.
Hill. The woman. says that a boiler
maker i named William • P. Sweeney o"
729 Castro street. . to whom she was
eng-ygeJ, :took unto, himself another
wife.; during . her. temporary, absence
from the city. . On this account she
came to' the conclusion that life on this
balmy sphere was not : worth the while.
She is a" chambermaid living at 681
Minion'; street. She will live. -
Ufe llasi'->o Charms tor Her.
A f.ne Jell very wason 13 a good advertise
ment. •\u25a0 <W* have" them with ' panel top -and
piato g!as3 i!de. Th«y are beauties. -\u25a0 Wt »U>
carry express wagons. - Leibold HarnM* Coai-
';; Dr.""? White, f \u25a0 whose < healing ; mart- is ?at
Market * and ' Kearnyj streets, -appeared be
fore' Judge] Conlan as complainant against
Dayid"jW_ilkie,":;a'i diminuitive - young man,
upon l^whose \ breast % was . displayed many
fraternal badges,' . and ; a
nearly] asjblg as | Mr 7 j Wilkie : himself ; was
shoved Ji in i as ; evidence'? for/the prosecu
tion^The f charge was ' that ;of ' peace dis-*
turbance, and an \ additional * accusation of
Ehe'decllned to deliver the attire unless
she- were j paid right , there | and . then
$5;50, which she alleged' he owed her
,f or. iboard. : '\u25a0 Patrolman Collins \u25a0 acted . as
arbiter, with" the result" that, the* "money
'.was 'paid f and " the i clothes " were trans-"
f erred to-the "; Dayer. '
i-When the/ case' was ' called before
Judge Fritz; each side had Its own.spe
cial: Interpreter/. A .comely itttle ma
tron.Vwho' Englished - the - defendant's
language, : took * umbrage at soinethms
said? by; a'r flerce-mustached " gentleman
who? .was *' performing . like service for
the Jprosecution, ;and after;flercety be
rating ; him , in". Slavonian; she turned .tQ
the .bench- and 'complained . that she hjd
been 'insulted. .."He,"- "she ; declared,
pointing ,'excltedly at the complainant's
mouthpiece.^'say that I one human tele
phone." ;';-.'- \u25a0 '- \u25a0* ' - \u25a0 v .'
; of Mr. Vidakavich by
Mrs.*? Rogesich .was in : retaliation of '- his
accusing her. of theft, the Judge admin
istered {&'_ rebuke, to the lady arid then
dismissed" the case. . ;
having displayed a deadly weapon In a
rude and threatening manner was hint
ed at.
According to the complainant's testi
mony. Mr. Wilkie Is an electrician and a
resident of Oakland, and while engaged
in 'altercation over a money transaction
with ' the doctor in the tatter's office he
abruptly drew the large pistol from one
of his hip pockets and brandished it in
such a fearsome way that not only the
doctor, but his young lady stenographer
and several patients awaiting consulta
tion, fled in terror.
Mr. Wilkie displayed to the couft a per
mit to carry a pistol • and alleged that
the document, had been issued to him by
the authorities of Oakland. When . re
minded by the Judge that San Francsico
Is not within Alameda County's limits
and is not bound "by Oakland's official
acts Mr. Wilkie etevated his eyebrows
and 'said that was strange, as his license
to pack a gun had been honored by tha
\u25a0 police of every town in which he had oc
casion to show it, inclusive of the town
of Ogden, Utah, notoriously stringent in
the matter of law enforcement.
- His ' Hono r. was so impressed by Mr.
Wllkie'a plea that he gave himself two
weeks to digest it.
•,-.__ .. ;: \u25a0 • . • • .'. .
% Mrs.' Minnie Glllin.. wife of Prank.
audibly; remarked that thirty days
hence she will no, longer be Mrs. Gillin.
; fr6m which Information it was inferred
by all hearers that the lady hopes to be
a- J divorcee within one calendar month
from this date. WM"j
. She , was arrested last Tuesday en
complaint of her brother-in-law, Peter,
who told Judge Fritz that she had be
haved with unseeming frivolity at tho
funeral of his brother James, who onco
was a captain of police. The Judge con
tinued the case thirty days, after ad
vising the woman to keep the peace to
ward-her husband and all his relatives
during the interim. >and it was while
leaving, the court room that she dropped
the . significant utterance hereinbefore
alluded to.
iv John ; McGrath," David ' Smith' and James
FltzpatrfckVi found that % the box-"
car^which they^ occupied*: on 5 a', sheltered
spur track "at'th'e ; sea waU'would be r more
desirable fas \u25a0 a dwelling } place if " It * were
,i For"? bestowing \u0084upbn * Miss - Emma '.Gal-*
laghericertaln 1 ? appellations I;, which" were
misfits, ' Nels { Christiansen was \u25a0 sentenced
to 7 ninety? days':; imprisonment : byj Judge
ConlanTtc Mr..^Christiansen's V home i is;, in
the*,, vicinity;:/ of t; Howard v, and V'Rausch
streets>^and a cloud \of witnesses
testified i that ! he was 'a^ very; foul-tongued
fellow..- \u25a0•\u25a0', ;, ::•-';'':\u25a0.;\u25a0 ". : ' \u25a0'..._\u25a0'\u25a0 '-,'
-. ; Benjamin tßrilliant;it Brilliant;i. the. "furniture - nier-*
phant ; who ; was I convicted | of " having . bat-)
tered a ', bellboy ' In- ; the ' Hotel '\ Langha m ;
Was : fined '\u25a0 $20 by Judge ' Fritz. .. '} '\u0084; '/, ; t
But of what did Miss Wendell's supe
rior talent consist ?;; By* what '.means \u25a0 did
she allure away- from 'Miss /King and all
other .danseuses -the ..who
visited • the '\u25a0 temple 'of * Terpsichore? - 'Miss
Wendell f herself .replied ; to : the queries/ : -.
. 'When I' was down 'in i Mexico,"," she saldj
"a 'greaser ' learned me., how to i \u25a0 make
picter/ things.; in the .air • with . clgareet
smoke.' ,'i He jcould rjust'v.flll^hls mouth
with smoke and-' blow, lt 'lnto 'rings 7 an'
chains « and. figgers and 'nitlals ' of : names
an'^ all * kinds ;' of ' ciirleycues. <As J soon ias
I learnt how to do It as well as he could
I kem>back|to ith'^States.'an'-; putty • soon
I ! found , out; that Odd ? Fellers ah'; Masons
an* i Red :. Men ? an*- Woodmen ? an'- all . them
kind jof gents j liked \u25a0to see me make three
links and .them kind \u25a0of emblems with t h.
smoke. " So X when "iaj gent . conies, .'to -the
dance ; hall l-I • Jlst >keep; a »blbwln' different
emblems v till ;^l -strike^th'i.; one i «. of the
sassiety he "belongs -to,, "ahV then ihe thinks
I'm thVreal,' thing, an'J lie buys drihks
an.; brings , his "brothers ,to : see.-' me- make
th' •; picter- they": like'.best."H> . ;'\''A, '.\u25a0:;
.: Miss Wendell • kindly s off ered to ; give the
Judge 'an of " her •- art, - but . as
smoking .was \ tabooed \ In ; the tribunal ; the
proposed f treat '"was; reluctantly, rejected."
VWith Hhls quiet -atmosphere \u25a0 an' 'a; good
cigareet.7 Mlss;Wendell averred, "I could
make \ picters | that'd^ surprised you." '. •} i;
V Then • she 1 repeated ' herj declaration i that
she ;, was" sick; and" tired ; of | San; Francisco,"
and'ascribedheriweariness of mind to : the
ebullitions" ;of /jealousy provoked^: by: her,
smoke-blowing; ability. •' ''It's me ; to : Tono-;
pah,'.' 4 she Q announced vwhen "; his ; Honor
had dismissed ;-, her; and „' remanded Hiss
King for j further Investigation.' \ . ; ;
headgear that had been hauled \u25a0 from atop
of her flaxen ; coiffure by her antagonist. :
'Inquiry by the bench brought forth the
information^ that Miss. King's envy of
Miss ; Wendell's ability,^as a 1a 1 public en
tertainer .; was the. "basic cause of the
quarrel between the ladies. They were
rivals for 1 popularity in .a j Pacific-street
dance hall, and so greatly was Miss King
exceeded inthe art of winning masculine
partners; and resultant . commissions on
drinks :, purchased by ' them ' that she felt,
as one - feminine \u25a0 witness expressed it,
"like thirty : cents," or as • the . floor man
ager graphically described it, ."like a one
cent chip in a twenty-dollar-limit poker
game."-. She endured \u25a0 her. humiliation until
rage . eventually supplanted prudence and
she assailed , Miss \u25a0 Wendell ".. on the bigh-
Way. -\u0084\u25a0->"" '.\u25a0•'-''• '•:•\u25a0\u25a0'-..\u25a0' v - ; .s '_:\u25a0 \u25a0 •'\u25a0 :
Coroner, andiP. J. McCormick, chief
deputy, is all; that could, be desired.
'BYINGTON COMMENDED.
We highly cbmniend the administra
tion of District Attorney -Byington for
energy, ability and integrity. The pro
visions of the new charter 'more than
tripled the duties of the- position. The
incumbent is carrying oh, with a force
numerically smaller than that in use
twenty years ago, work which has
greatly increased with the material'
growth of the city. Attorney
Byington. gives his ' personal attention
to every, important case; that comes up
for, trial ;In the Superior Court and the
result is shown in the large number of
convictions secured. 'During ..- the last
year the work has been particularly
heavy, but it has been speedily " dis
posed of and- the calendars kept. clear.
Wo found. the office of City Attorney
under the administration of Percy V.
Long to be well and efficiently man
aged.. • -' \u25a0'.'\u25a0:. :
• This Grand Jury can do nothing but
commendrin the highest- possible terms
ithe \u25a0 administration 1 -of affairs, in -the
County Clerk's, office under the direc
tion of Clerk; John J. Greif and his
deputy, Charles C. .Morris. \u0084
The management of the Public Li
brary by the board of trustees Is to be
commended. ' ,
PARK COMMISSIONERS.
The management of the parks and pub
lic squares of San • Francisco is deserving
of all praise. Both' th» office and .field
force are doing their work faithfully and
well. ' : " : \u25a0;\u25a0•' \u25a0 '\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - ' \u25a0 ..' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' '-\u25a0\u25a0 ;
The system' of bookkeeping adopted by
the commissioners would- be ia * credit to
a commercial house, the cost of labor- and
of materials charged!' to' ' each r item of
work . being .segregated ; in v such* manner
that the total and separate expenditures
ere;clearly indicated.' v V ; : : ; '
;." The ' aecretary.'and the small . office f orce
under him are to be commended for their
efforts. • ..' • \u25a0 \u25a0 :
"j. A \u25a0'. great i deal I. has . been well .' done 1 and
economically accomplished . in - the way ,'of
improvements i during r the past year.: -1 : -.*,
\ The Supervisors having secured the; title
to most of i the land necessary jfor J a , new
park way from ' the • Par k ; to ] the f Presidio,
the work of \u25a0 laying out riewj drives' should
be promptly ; begun and completed. : •" :
The commissioners estimate *T» that", the
cost of the new drives, walks,'; bridle paths
and ( ornamental ; ground^ ' connecting both
parks. \ including the ; purchase' and laying
of. pipes, etc.,-. will-be $95,000.,:: . - _ .
- The park ! commissioners and their 'able
1 superintendent,.; Mr. John r McLaren, v can
be , safely/entrusted with?. the \ expenditure
of ' any^; sums 'j the t Board %of 3 Supervisors
'\u25a0 may .' see its '; way r. to ! grant; and \ euch'j ap-*
! propriations.V in :, the i judgment f; of i' your
; committee,"' should ;only f lbe: limited iby the
exigencies ; of ithe municipal i budget. 5 \u25a0 '
1 ; iWe 5 have ; madeV a\" careful * investigation
Into " the "management \ ot '\u25a0 the vlAlmshouse;
and as ;' a p result ; commend ;, the administra
tion of the executive officers,' Superintend
ent v Frank : A- { Schmitz/V; Dr.uAVilliam : E*
Conlan * and Commtssary Richard *P. Ju-"
Han.':-:.'.' \u25a0 "''.'::./.\u25a0'''•'\u25a0\u25a0' '.'•'\u25a0''..:: '. ' ' '. '>
.The: committee of this Grand .Jury in
vestigated r^ thej;: office ;i of 'fi the V Board r of
Health ; and f particularly -i the i method "of
keeplngraccbunts 'therein.:' The Jsystem is i
orderly - and Imethodical -land • the >' results*
commendable. \l Chief i Clerk i E.'vM.l Coff ey
has' instituted numerous I reforms,- and his
management- of 'this office is % worthy.: of
praised -; \u25a0\u25a0 — :- ." -~-,.'^:'- -\u25a0-\u25a0• "\u25a0\u25a0\,";'.'''.-".. •.'->*
struction and alteration of buildings.
• BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS.
. We. further find that the Board -of
Public Works has never required the
official approval of bonds for the faith
ful performance of any contract, no
matter what the amount involved, by
indorsement upon the bond, by resolu
tions, or -by affirmative vote spread
upon the minutes. It was undoubtedly
the intent of the f ramers of the munici
pal charter that j every precaution
should be taken to protect the city In
the execution and enforcement of pub
lic contracts, and It is unquestionably
the fact that the provisions of the
organic law designed to give force and
effect to that intent have been utterly
! disregarded.
The gross misconduct and general
j neglect of duty of Morris Levy, secre
] tary of the Board o,f Public Works, now
i upon leave of absence from his official
I duties for a period of six "months from
! April 1, 1905, has been made subject to
investigation by this Grand Jury. This
leave was granted after several Irregu
larities In his'conduct had been called
to the attention of the board.
This Grand Jury believes that the
municipal charter places too much
j power in the hands of the members of
the Board of Public "Works and recom
{ mends revision.
j We are convinced that the various
1 departments of the Board of Public
Works should be materially improved
in efficiency by the introduction of. a
little system in the management of
public business.
We recommend that the departments
be 'reorganized, some of the sub-de
partments merged. Office space should
be condensed and the salaries of heads
of departments and employes should be
revised so that the 'compensation shall
be commemsurate with the service ren
dered that one may not receive greater
compensation than another performing
the came class of service where re
sponsibilites are equal.
We recommend for the Finance Com
mittee of the -Board -of Supervisors a
revision of the schedule .of fees col
lected in the different departments,
especially in that of the building per
mit department. '• •, : - %
We recommend that the three mem
bers of the Board of Public Works
whose appointment lies with the. Mayor
be selected hereafter for. their technical
skill 5 rather than because of political'
favors rendered. •
TAX COLLECTOR'S OFFICE.
In April, 1905, E.J. Smith, the Tax Col T
lector, defaulted, leaving ' a ' shortage
amounting .to ' $51,672 88, to which .should
be added $15,590.08, the 'amount of a per
sonal check 'cashed j by , Deputy | Treasurer
Devoto.; It is the opinion, of this Grand
Jury that the amount mentioned does not
cover the entire shortage and that a thor
ough . audit of " the/ accounts will disclose
further defalcations. <• Ithvas the desire of
this body 1 that such an audit should be
made, and to that end several consulta
tions were held, but it was decided that
the number of accountants necessary and
the time required^ rendered lit impossible
for the Grand Jury to undertake ..the
work. " \u25a0 '.\u25a0\u25a0''
\u25a0 We believe that^the Tax Collector's oorf r
flee could be. conducted efficiently with
less number of permanent employes. .; \u25a0
1 We recommend 'the use" of; adding ma
chines. We. believe that five should be in
stalled and that skilled - operators should
be selected to handle the . machines.-/ •By
their- use all the tabulations .'of the office
could be done as .correctly and: result in
a great saving of clerical expense. v . <\u25a0 . ',
. We recommend that postings be made
from, the original, entry. .... ',\u25a0».•,\u25a0
Under the present system it is prac
tically impossible for the Tax Collector.to
make daily settlements 1 with the Treas- ,
urer and deposit his collections within
twenty-four hours, as the charter."^ex
pressly: provides. . /To remedy ; this * ; we
recommend that for each employe acting
as deputy cashier ' during ' the taxpaying
time a deputy' from .the Treasurer's; of
fice -be assigned ; the clerk . representing"
the ! Tax Collector's 'to receive and
receipt for. the money, and ; the Treas
urer's deputy to enter the collections upon
a ' blotter to be ; furnished \for - that | pur
pose; at the end of the day's business the
Treasurer's ? deputy to 'total the • amount
collected; thus . .determining ?,the \ amount
of the day's receipts, the*cash:to be then
balanced and s the: money .' to* be ;; delivered •
On January 10, 1905,. this Grand Jury
filed accusations against. the following
named Election Commissioners for will
ful and corrupt misconduct in office:
Robert W. Roberts, i James A. Devato,
E. C. Lefflngwell, Thomas Maguire and
•A. 'W. •' Voorsanger.' On. January 17, ;
1905, "an amended accusation was filed
against the same Election' Commission
ers, charging.'.'willful and corrupt mis
conduct in office."
The committee of this Grand Jury
has" made a careful ' investigation of the
Sheriff's office; and an 5 Inspection of .the
County Jails. ? The 'l work oorf r the office
is steadily Increasing with the growth
of the . city, but -it has . been managed,
so far as we can determine, in an econ
omical manner.
This Grand "Jury, through its commit-;
tee,' has made' at different times a very
careful .investigation; of '. the 'i ßoard T of
Education and ,of * the : . public '< schools:
While it;. has \u25a0 been ': impossible for "the
committee) to -make ; ; a' thorough ? audit
of >the : accounts, ; i we are satisfied that ,
they, are correct, r . .'.• :; ; ; ;^ '
The 'Assessor -is to - "be > commended
upon his ; intelligent and equitable ias-'"
sessmont Zof * property. ;' It .; has ;". added ]
I greatly/, to ;theTclty's; revenues (and fat
the same time preserved al ow tax rate;
.We report;that p the office
under ,-\u25a0 the j administration : of f Edmond j
Godchaux \u25a0: and V Charles "i M.V Stblz,-;chief !
! deputy, is-all',that;could:beTdesired. : ' J
; , , This Grand ' Jury^ has ; investigated i the
accounts and S methods ',-. of p.. the . Public ;
'Administrator,:, Michael 7 J. }Hynes,- r and
reports *, that ;; under; his « niany
reforms > have ;bee'n^ inaugurated ;to > Im
prove upon : previous administrations. -f
*^; This ]- Grand J'Jury,\through Aits Jcom
niittee, has , twice Investigated i'the man
agement ofitheiCotoner'sj office? and "of
the Morgue ? and > believes [ that \u25a0' the ad
ministration : of {, Thomas *\u25a0 B. Leland; :
ELECTION COMMISSIONERS.
We find that the administration of the
affairs of the Fire Department as a whole
is worthy of commendation. We find
that the system of accounting Is admira
ble, and that its efficiency. In the protec
tion of property approaches perfection.
This Grand -Jury reports that the
Auditor's office has been properly con
ducted under, the administration of
Harry Baehr and William Wilkinson,
his chief deputy. .
While this Grand Jury has confidence
in the honesty, and integrity of Treas
urer. McDougald, and believes that he
has been guilty of , no intentional
wrongdoing, it must condemn the un
lawful .practices that have \ been- ; in
vogue in his office. It has* been the
custom 'to cash checks for ; individuals
In and about the City Hall and for ; of
ficials of the government, in direct con
travention of the law of the State and
the provisions of the municipal chart
ter. . 'y:;^'-'-- \u25a0
Numerous accusations, both general and
specific in character, indicating neglect of
duty and official misconduct on the. part
of the Mayor. Eugene E. Schmltz, have
been - presented- to this Grand Jury, and
each have been investigated as thorough
ly'as possible in order that the facts
might be accurately determined and the
responsibility fairly fixed. Scores of wit
nesses have been called and examined
and hundreds of official records have been
produced and scrutinized.
The accusations presented may be prop
erly divided into two :. classes— first,
neglect, of the general duty imposed by
the charter to exercise proper administra
tive supervision over the affairs of the
various departments of the municipal
government, and, secondly, personal mis
conduct in the' use or. abuse of the au
thority and functions of this office,
coupled with the neglect of specific duties
enjoined by law.
Summarizing the result of our Investi
gation of accusations of the second class,
we find that the Mayor has been guilty
of misconduct in office.
MAYOR' SCHMITZ ACCUSED.
to the Treasurer's deputy for deposit in
the Treasurer's office, who shall give the
cashier a receipt. ,
\u25a0 Coincident with the growth and devel
opment of San Francisco, the , majority
of the members of the Board of--Super
visors, the most' of whom have served the
city during the last five or six years, have
exercised their functions wisely and l,iber^;
;. ally ,- yetj with a careful and conservative
supervision -over the 'fiscal? affair»*of the ',
municipality. '"~f. : :i- '-j, ".~ >'..
The trio tiptoed into a ticket office yes
terday morning and chartered passage
east by way of Portland. "Keep it dark."
pleaded John L., "I don't care whether
our creditors know or not. but don't let
those d —^d newspapers get on."
The trio ordered four berths, the extra
one being for McCortnack's cauliflower
ear. Search was made In vain for John
L. and company along the tenderloin last
night- The trio were having the dust of
San Francisco dusted from, their boots
as they bowled along toward that dear
Portland.. Or. .: • -
John I*, played in hard luck on this
last visit to the city. After monologulng
hl3 way to a bank roll he started a cafe.
The liquids therein evaporated, the cash
register accumulated cobwebs and then
the Sheriff came. Curtains with the cafe.
Jack .olcCormack. whom John L. touted
as the coming champ, went up against
Gus Ruhlin and thought he was kicked
by a sleepy mule. Manager Hall went
up against some all-around hard luck.
There seemed to be a hoodoo on the trio.
Thse who know say that the John L.
Company cleaned up quite a little out of
the vaudeville business, but when the trio
entered the ticket oiuce they showed all
the symptoms of brokenness. But John
L. seemed as philosophical as ever.
"H , nobody loves a fat man any
how.'*, he said. "I ain't worrying over
my creditors. I ain't worrying over any
thing. We Just made up our mind to
blow, and we're blowing. We picked up a
hoodoo here and we've got to lose it.
Tours truly, John L. Sullivan."
John L. Sullivan has flitted from town.
So have Manager Hall and Jack McCor
mack, sparring partner of the veteran
gladiator and erstwhile aspirant for the
shoes of Jeffries. The tale goes along the
line that there are creditors who will
weep. .:\u25a0./:. ; i?'?xc?ik
Owing to the fact that the southbound
.train was. slowing down to make the sid
ing and that the track for a long distance
was straight; - allowing the engineers to
see the approaching; headlights, a terrible
disaster* was averted. 5 The | pilots .and
.front rgnds ipl j both /^engines were -badly
damaged *by^ J tn^fjfbrce\of \u25a0 ther?colHBlon, N
but the jar. to the^coaches^onfeither train
was felt, by but'fe^r of the' passengers. .' ,
1 The engineers ;- saved • the j by ,';. re
versing the eng'nes^and-. had; almost suc
ceeded in stopping the trains , when . they
came together. , .. ', ; .
MARYSVILLE, Aug. 19.'— Two crowded
Oregon trains were in collision at Lomo,
a siding six miles above Marysville, early
this morning, and a serious accident was
narrowly averted. Trainmen on the south
bound-train claimed when they arrived
here a few minutes after the accident
that they had orders to meet "the north
bound train at Lomo, and that the north
bound train had orders to meet the other
train at. Live Oak, several miles* beyond
Lomo. ';.-:.
Headlights Are Sighted in
Time to Avert What Wonld
Hare Been Awful Disaster
Mr. Vidakavich said he would gladly
depart the prisoner's roof, never to re
turn, provided sne would give him cer
tain articles of wearing apparel belong
ing to him and in- her possession, but
moved to where the sun would shine upon
it, "so they hauled it from the shed and
anchored it on . the main track in such
position that the day orb's rays would
flood its interior both morning and after
noon. No sooner, howeyer, had they fair
ly settled down to bask than Patrolman
J. O'Brien dropped into their domicile
and arrested them for vagrancy. He told
Judge Fritz - they were "first-degree
bums." •
"Me- partners an' meaelf," Mr. Smith
; huskily pleaded, "wur havin* our healt"
', ruined by de fogs, an* we didn't t'lnk
! ltd be no harm to shift our car Into da
sunshine. Mr. McGrath here wus t'reat
ened wid pneumoney, an* if we hedn't a
shifted.de car to give him de sunbath
cure hs'd a-bin a' dead wun before dis
time."
. Mr. McGrath delivered a hollow and
racking cough in corroboratlon of his
comrade's testimony, but the Judge Ig
nored it.
"I'll give you three months apiece." he
said,' "and_ when you are released the
foggjjCseason will have lapsed." , ""
< '.'.We'll miss, the, Jnjun summer,'* regret :
fully muttered Mr. Fitzpa trick "as the tat
tered trio" were being recaged.
•* \u25a0 *
' Marko Vidakavich was a favored
boarder in the house of Mrs. Stella
Rogesich. 1024 Powell street, until a
kitchenmaid, recently imported from
Slavonla, complained that he ..was pes
tering her with his love avowals,
whereupon Mrs. Rogesich commanded
him* to* leave her domicile.
With great intrepidity, for she tipped
the beam at something' like 250 pounds,
while he would not outbalance one-half
of that weight, he informed her that
he had reason to believe she stole a
sum of $20 from John Zeevacavich,
whom she was also feeding and lodg
ing. The lady's retort was both prompt
and forcible. Her right -fist swung
against the accuser's mouth, "shreddlns
both lips and loosening several front
teeth. Then she picked up an ax and
pursued him to tlie street, where Police
Officer Collins, of avoirdupois hardly
less than her 'own. Intervened and ar-
I rested her for battery. .
Sick and- tired of San Francisco did
Miss Maude Wendell- declare . herself -in
presence of Police : Judge Fritz,- before
whom she was. charged with having;en
gaged in a street brawl \u25a0with Miss~Gra.ee
King, the scene of conflict' being the Bar
bary Coast. '. Patrolman J. j O'Brien had
testified that he stopped the combat just
in time to , prevent Miss - Wendell, from
stabbing '- Miss King 'with two large hat
pins which | she .-had plucked from the
Pugilist Will See the Fair
and Try to Lose Hoo
doo He Contracted : Here
WILL .VISIT PORTLAND
The Grand Jury filed its final report with Judge Lawlor
yesterday afternoon and was discharged. The document
contains over 45.000 words and comprises an exhaustive
report on every municipal office. The Mayor's office, the
Police Commissioners, the Board of Public Works and the
Police Department are severely criticized. After the report
had been adopted by the Grand Jury, John T. Sullivan wrote
a letter to Judge Lawlor dissenting with the report as far
as it concerned the Police Department, the City Architect
tnd the Mayor. The communication was ordered appended
to the report.
The fact that Judge I^awlor did not thank the jury caused
much comment It has been customary for prending Justices
when dismissing a Grand Jury to thank the members for
what they have done. Proceedings to Impanel the succeed
ing Grand Jury will be begun on Monday.
The grand jurors who went out of office yesterday are:
T. P. Andrews, foreman; E. J. Bowes. William V. Bryan,
At the time this Grand Jury waa
impaneled the fact that the whole Po
lice Department was involved In an
elaborate system of bribery and corrup
tion had obtained such notoriety that
a rigid- investigation of its operation
w.is deemed imperative, and unusual
activity has marked the work of the
loinnittee, assigned to that duty. r
Though the unabating encrgry of its
members hfcß been exerted for months—
and its efforts' have b»»ea- materially
augmented by the active assistance of
the whole Grand Jury — its task is still
far from completed.
The results, however, may be sum
niarizpd in the finding that wholesale
and v.idespread violation of law is open,
notorious and vagrant; that it meets
with the acquiescence of the Mayor; that
it receives the approval of the Police
Commissioners; that it Is aided, abet
ted and protected by police officials; and
we are convinced that if this condition
be the result of incompetency it Is of
such a conspicuous and distinguished
quality that it must have been studious
ly cultivated, patiently acquired and
amply compensated. We find that vice
mid crirae have been organized so sys
tematically and fostered with such vig
a^nt attention to detail that nothing
business acumen or political ex
pediency could suggest has been
neglected or omitted: and the operation
of the svptem is so perfect that speedy
\u25a0 detection and rstlft punishment over
take the vicious and criminal who can
not pay the price.
The nrst matter called to our at
tention was tho open and notorious
gambling in Chinatown, long continued
under the protection of the Police De
partment and with the knowledge of tha
Mayor; and though our Investigation
there produced more tangible result*
than other lines of Inquiry pursued, it
fairly Illustrates the general conditions
revealed in other fields of criminal
activity.
POOLROOMS ARE OPE.V.
Ab It is not the function of this
Grand Jury to police the city and coun
ty of San Francisco, and nineteen men
would hardly be an adequate force for
that purpose In any event, that work
was left to the 700 police, under the di
rection of the Mayor, the Board of Po
lice Commissioners and the Chief of Po
lice. As a result, nearly all of the pool
rooms In tho city are 'again operating
without interference. '>-i; 7~7 ~ i
We believe that Immunity from
arrest and prosecution la purchased, and
we are convinced that the Mayor, the
Police Commissioners and the Chief of
Police could absolutely eradicate this
evil if they were so disposed. The Po
lice Commissioners have threatened to
revoke the liconses of saloon-keepers
because poker playing was permitted In
cigar stores connected with their places
of business, and as the majority of pool-
Belling is done from cigar stores tho
'*ajne method of procedure could be ap
f!ied with success, even though . they
were unable to obtain honest and effi
cient service from patrolmen.
It has been impossible for. this Grand
Jury to make a thorough investigation
c each department of the Board of
Public Works, or an audit of accounts
In the departments that receive money
for public services performed. From
such inquiry as we have been-able to
make into the affairs of this depart-:
rnent, and upon the facts developed,' we
report: - . «*••*'
That the organization of the, Board
of Public Works - the Mayor, is 'In
£ ->ss violation of the charter.'
That the board has violated the char
ter In letting contracts and In approv-.
Ing bonds of contractors.
That the board has consistently op
posed the operations of the civil ser7
vice law.
That the. board has fixed salaries of
employes without regard to service
rendered and solely for political ex
pediency. . " .
That the board has permitted and
•countenanced* frequent violations* of
law by subordinates.
That Secretary Morris Levy has col
lected, retained and failed to account
flkir public moneys and has been gullty
or general misconduct and neglect of
duty. \u0084
That Architect W. D. Shea has been
guilty of neglect of duty and gross vio
lation of law In approving the- con-
Walter B. Bundschu, H. J. Cordes, Andrew M. Davis, P. Fa
bian, R. Finking, George Ai Hare, Joseph B. Keenan, D. H.
Loshen, P. F. McCarthy, George A. Newhall, S. B. Pauson,
J-. Poreher, James B. Smith, John H. Speck, W. G. Stafford
and J. T. Sullivan. . -
Foreman Andrews^, turned over to Judge Lawlor a com
munication addressed to the foreman of the succeeding
Grand JuYy. The communication contains some unfinished
investigations.
The Grand Jury report includes resolutions thanking
District Attorney Byington, Expert Douglass Young and
Mrs. M. V. Collins for assistance rendered. Foreman An
drews is unanimously commended by his fellow jurors for
the work he has done.
. Foreman Andrews announced that he intended to leave
town immediately to take a month's vacation. His fellow
jurors parted with him with expressions of good will.
Following are extracts from the Grand Jury's report:
BY JAMES j C CRAWFORD.
TRAINS MEET AT LOMO
SMOKE IS : HER PAINT
With Emblems Shfe Adorns the Ether
City's Chief Executive Is Openly Accused of
Neglecting Duties of His Office.,
o o . \u25a0
Vigilance of Engineers Pre
. vents Fatal Collision Be
tween Cars Near Marysville
Old "Gladiator and Company
Depart Suddenly, .Leaving
Soriie Creditors to Weep
NARROW ESCAPE
OF TRAVELERS
WOMAN'S LIPS
ENGAGE IN ART
Charge Is Made That Board of Public Works
Was Appointed in Violation of Law.
JOHN L. QUITS
TOWN QUIETLY
"Nnmereu accusations, both general and specific In character, Indicating ne
trlect of duty and official misconduct on the part of the Mayor, Ktirene E.
Schmlts, hare been presented to this Grand ! Jury, and each has been tnvestl
srated a* thoroughly as possible, In order that the facts mtffht be accu
rately determined and the re*ponalblllty fairly fixed. Scores of witnesses have
b«en called and examined and hundreds of official records have been produced
and scrutinized. ,
"The accnsatlons presented may be properly divided into two classes. First,
neglect of the general duty Impowed by the charter to exercise proper admin
istrative supervision over the affairs of the various departments of the municipal
government; and, secondly, personal misconduct. ln the use or abuse of. the au
thority and functions of his office, coupled with the neglect of specific duties
enjoined by law."— Extract From Grand Jury Report.
NUMEROUS ACCUSATIONS AGAINST SCHMITL
"This ' Grand Jury , urgently recommends that the of every depart'
ment . of : this city .-'and 'county, government, for a period of at leaat two, year*
preceding; January 1, 1900, -be 'thoroughly audited*' and that a new syhtent of ac
countlnff In each department' be devised and put Into operation. It Is pos
sible - that ; State aid toward thin project could be obtained,') for the reason that
a uniform system of municipal accounting; throughout the . State would be of In
calculable benefit to every municipality. We believe that under a nevr and per
fected. aystem the taxpayers of this city and county would, within one year
after Its ' Installation, \u25a0 *aye the entire cost of the audit aad of the new aystemw
Several charter amendment* would be necessary to accomplish till*, but tht* fact
need not deter ' action, a* It Is believed the public would .'welcome any revisions
that would tend to public jrood. We are convinced that there H not a depart
ment of the municipal government that could not be improved 'materially In
system and effloleucy."— F.xtrnct From Grand Jury Report.
recommends Auditing of public accounts.
GRAND JURY FILES FINAL REPORT WITH LAWLOR
DENOUNCING MAYOR AND OTHER OFFICIALS.
Pages 37 to 48
SAN -FRANCISCO, SUNDAY,- AUGUST 20, ; 1905;
"At the time this Grand Jury was Impaneled the fact that the whole Police
Department was Involved In an elaborate system .of.. bribery and corruption
had obtained snch notoriety that a rigid Investigation of . Its operation was'
deemed Imperative, and ununual activity has marked the work of the committee
aaslgmed to that duty* •-." J •\u25a0 . "':. \u25a0 -.-..- -\u25a0
. "The results, , however, - may be ainmniarlsed ,In the > flndlna* that w hnlesule
and widespread Violation of. law I* open, , notorious and flagrant | that It-meets
with the acauiesoence of the Mayor; that' lt receives the approvar of : the Po
lice Conunlsnlonersi that . it In aided. . abetted and protected by police official*;
and we are convinced that If this condition be the result of Incompetence It
in of such a conspicuous and distinguished :^ quality that It must have been
studiously cultivated, patiently acquired and amply compensated."— Extract From
Grand Jury Report. '«
SWEEPING CHARGES MADE AGAINST POLICE.
; - Some ' srllt-edß* Investments ; for tou
to • consider advertised , ; In * Sunday's
CALL. ' '\u25a0-*." ;' "*- -- " • : .-'' .'. ' .y.' rf*
"Domitown s property?. ; In \u25a0 San Fran
rUco ban / a '^wlde^btKiilJlcaiiiee^nowß''
The San Francisco Call.38
RKAL ' ESTATE> r i-CITY-r JtPO R'- BAIjO. ";;
>>. - B AX>D WIN i& . HOWELL. : - .
\u0084,':' ~" .;: 25 Post street. ;.^ . :
$30,000— Cheapest property i offered < on "\u25a0\u25a0 *th «cV
improved with 3-atory building . . ot u2.
• stores and- 40 rooms above. . Lot 50x80.
SEE THIS BARGAIN!. ,: -
$7,76o— Fine residence of ;' 7 .rooma \u25a0\u25a0 and 1 bath ; ,
•" lot 60x106; • sth < avenue, . near Lake
street; heart of thriving. Richmond Dls-
V' trlct \u25a0 \u25a0 ... ' ' - •\u25a0\u25a0: '\u25a0 :;.
" $15,500-rNQrtheaat . corner* in ; Pacific ~ Herghta ;
fine residence lot on . grade and . level ; -
ready ; for buildlnir. -
$18,000— Fine ' corner '• on"' Dolores street, oppic-"
site Mission Park; lot 114x130; rents
\u25a0•\u25a0 ; . $117. I-:,--;.. ..-•- y. ;..- . ,;,;:*\u25a0>. ' "\u25a0/.\u25a0
$18,500— Corner on -Howard st..,oeir 24th; lot
\u25a0 ; : ; : * and improvements to alley In rear; lot
97:6x115; cozy cottage of 6 rooma; beau.
tiful grounds.. -. \u25a0•• .
LOOK!— Only $6850 needed to purchase ' this
. $14,850 property; 50x137:6,. with 4 beau-
- tiful flats on Butter st, near Buchanan;
rents $97 50 & month; mortgage of $8000
can remain. ;'<;•*•,\u25a0\u25a0 • , \u0084
$25,000— Investment paying over 6 per cent net!
;-'..v'--2 stores and 3 fine flats; a few atepa
-\u25a0""-.'-from transfer corner; best conatructlon;
• ' large lot; OFFERS CONSIDERED!
LOOK! — Only $3025 .needed \u25a0. to .", purchase this
$4325 property! John street, near Jack-
ton; rents; s42 a* month; pays ; nearly . 12
:. per cent net! Mortgage ot $1300 can
remain. ' •
Send for our monthly "Buyer and Seller,"
'containing a comprehensive list of choica prop-
erty for sale. Free, y - • \u25a0'.. .... \ - _- '
BEFORE buying a lot anywhere see Sutro
.: Heights Addition; you owe it to yourself.
Branch office corner -19th avenue, and. Ful-
ton street, opposite the big Dutch windmill.
Open every day acd 'Sundays. - - \u25a0\u25a0•
. DAVID HIRSCHLER. Manager.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, Agents.
25 Post street.
\ Special inducements ' to builders.
PRESItJIO TERRACE
PARTICULAR PEOPLE
who are tired of having Tv -. /
their home lot— bought
for its quiet and seclusion ' .
— hedged in by flats,
stables, laundries and
\u25a0cobblestones. , , : >A^)-
". -M": -We ' have forasaan
their. 1 dilemma, and of-
fer San" Francisco's
first and only residence
\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0•• " park • for their \u25a0 consid-
eration — remember. It
c costs no more. than the
old kind of residence
A postal will bring our
descriptive' Brochure.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post st
PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
LOTS IN THIS BEAUTIFUL DISTRICT
GOING RAPIDLY.
.Adjoining Golden Gate Park and the A'flll-
ated Colleges and extendlrjg : from 1 First to Sev-
enth ayes. Level stretch of fine lots. Stre*t
work all completed, • Including- gae and water,
malne. sidewalk*, - sewers and:, bltumlnlzed
streets. ---"-\u25a0;.'-\u25a0;\u25a0:.\u25a0;. .^ ..,.:-.. . \u0084 ;. :.._^:.* ; v
The prices are all right — from $1500 up; the
values are Increasing «.-v<=ry day. -.:
Terms are tasy^pne-fifih down and balance
in one, two or three, years at 6, per cent*
' Inquire at Branch Office
. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
" Seventh aye. St.
.. E. • M. LONG,;. Manager.
Open . Sjutidays^ahd.' every . day, ln the year. "
BARGAINS IN SUNSET : DISTRICT; —\u25a0
I $2200 for 7 lots, 26^x120 each." to be sold as
a whole on 14th aye.. between X and' L sts.;
title guaranteed absolutely perfect;- lots now
Belling In -same block for $550 to $650 each.
$Ssoo— Whole block south of the park, near
H st. and electric cars. :
$1400 for 6 lots, 25x120 each, on" 40th aye.
and V sts.; right. in line of, new Improvements;
here Is a chance to buy some . lots at prices
that were prevailing six: months ago.
'._\u25a0 JOOST SONS & CO.. 320 Buah st. '
$300 EACH— I choice lots, 25x125 each.' at tha
Junction of 24th st and View aye. ;Hn«
. view; Spring Valley water; 1 block of 24th-
: st. cars. JOOST SONS & CO., 320 Bush st.
$2200 — CHOICE I cottage of ;7 1 rooms and bath
being sold at a sacrifice; lot 37x100; ;1 block
to the Guerrero-st. cars. Here is a chanca
to cet a fine home ' cheap. V- JOOST SONS=&
CO.. 320 Bush st. •:
BBAO < :,BSTATE^CITy--FOB, * SAXES. "
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery St;
BUILDING SITE.
$25,000— A eplendtd site for.- a manufacturing
concern or warehouse; lot 45:10x137:6;
near Howard et; old Drick lmpts.; new
large buildings are rapidly improving
the neighborhood, which has a decided
future. " --.-.- -'\u25a0 • -•
SIXTH-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY. .
$17,000— Rents $1020 per annum; large lot,
60xS5.
LARKIN-ST. HOLDING.
$15,000— Rents $1334 per \u25a0 annum. Splendid
holding; lmpts. consist of • . dwellings
~; - '•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 steadily rented; lot 57x137 :6, irregular.
• CLAY-ST. FLATS. -, : . .
$14,850— 3 modern and substantially built flats
in -choice section, of the Western Addl-,
" tlon; 6-6-7 rooms. and bath each; rents
$125 per month; lot 25x127:814.
CHOICE CORNER FLATS.
{12,000 — Rents $3050 per annum; 3 substantial-
ly built flats of 6-7 rooms and bath
each; on Bush St., near Devlsadero; lot
S5xS7:6.
CORNER PARK RESIDENCE.
$3,000 — A choice northwest .corner residence,,
near the Park, containing 9 rooms and
bath; time limited to a few days. Call
at tha office for particulars..
$7,250 — Rents $570 per annum; Howard st;
store and flat; lot 25x90.
. FELL-ST. FLATS.
$7,000 — Rents $672 per annum, near Devisadero
and Fell sts.; 3 choice flats of 5-6 rooms
and bath each; lot 25x137:6; owner mush.
sell; make offer."
SCOTT-ST. FLATS.
$6,500 — Rents $540 per annum; 2 deelrable
flats of 5-6 .rooms and bath each; lot
24:8x1 CO; owner an absentee; make offer..
FOLSOM-ST. FLATS.
$6,ooo— Rents $456 per annum; 2 desirably
built flats of 4 rooms and bath each;
lot 24xS0.
18TH-ST. FLATS.
$6,000 — Rents $600^ per annum; near Castro
st. : 2 choice sunny flats of 5-6 rooms
and bath each and 8 ft basement; lot
25x100. y .
SOUTH SIDE INVESTMENT.
54.000 — Rents $492 per annum; Investment in"
store and 2 flats; steadily rented; lot
25x75. -
CHOICE CORNER ON CLAY ST.
$G,OO0 — Near Locust at, 27 foot front In build.
\u25a0'Ing condition. .. •
For further particulars of the above and
for the Real Estate Record, containing a list
of properties for sale in all parts of the city,
inquire at our office. - - . • •
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st, :
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
LYON & HOAG. " * }-.'. 116 Montgomery Bt.
Send for our printed list of property for
. sale in all .sections of the city. .
WESTERN 'ADDITION FLATS. .-A."
$6650— Rents ?000: 2 new flats of 5 and
6 rooms and bath: every modern convenience;
Sacramento st.. Presidio Heights section.
. " OWNER MUST SELL, "f
$2800^ — Two good flats; 4 and 6 rooms and
bath; in fine condition; large lot, 27:6x100;
nr. Potrero aye. and 19th st. ; owner leaving
° W BEAUTIFUL RICHMOND HOME.
$4500— Brand new residence, 6 rooms and
bath; finely finished; built for a home;
owner leaving town; muet sell; California et.-
EXCELLENT BARGAIN. . "
$13,250— Rent 5105; a fine building on a
business street; lot alone worth $5500: lm-^
provementa 1 year old; 3 grand flats, 6-7-7 "•
rooms . and bath, etc.: this Is a snap In
Halghti&t. property; between Masonic aye.
and A&hbury st.
NEW FLATS NEAR PARK.
$5500 — Rents $600; two brand new flats, 4
end 5 rooir.e and bath: 1H blocks from
Golden Gate Park; nr. Fulton and Stanyan.
EXCELLENT BUSINESS CORNER.
$41.000— Large corner cn)l6th st.; over
7000 square feet: tenants have good, estab-
lished business for yeers: rents low, fJ6S;
owner out of town; must sell.
FOLSOM-ST. INVESTMENT. •
$13,500— Lot 60x122:6. with 2 good build-
ings: 5 flats'. 5-C-7 rooms and bath, etc.;
rents $106 monthly; call for particulars.
FLATS NEAR PARK.
$5500 — Rented low. $570; 2 modern flats, 7
moms and bath each; good renting section;
street accepted; near Frederick and Clayton.
WESTEKN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
$H>,soo— Rent $124?; 6 fine flats. 4-5-5
rooms and bath; built about 2 years; street
accepted: lot 50x110; good renting section;
marine view; not far from - Union and Oc-
tavia EtS.
CORNER NEAR MARKET.
$21,300 — Rents $2288; excellent corner: con-»
tains 5500 square feet; stores and flats: good
renting section; vicinity Sanchez and Market.
LYON& HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
CHARMING UP-TO-DATE HOMES.
$5750. $7250 'AND $S5OO. \m~.
Terms, fIOOO cash, balance in monthly In-
btsllments; brick and frame construction;
artistic design; - contain 6 to 10 . rooms;
marble etepe: hardwood floors;, big- living
renms: 'hardwood finish; In: short, -they .are
ideal homes In a select neighborhood;' right
above pretty \u25a0 Duboce Park; grand, .views;
• take Halght-et cars to Deyisadero st, walk
two blocks south. - . \u25a0.<-\u25a0\u25a0
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
$55 PER LOT. i^C'v- $55 PER "LOT.
CHOICE LEVEL LOTS AT A BARGAIN."
Choice lots. 23x1C0 each, "In the center of
Colma. . near the county line ; ' right on the \u25a0 line
of the new boulevard I that they are building
from ISth aye. south of the park to Ean Ma-
teo: put your spare ' cash Into these lots. \u25a0as
they are bound to Increase In value. -Call for
diagrams at JOOST SON'S & CO.; 320, 8uah St.
$300 EACH— 2 choice lots on Hoffman .aye.
and "4th at.; '.streets graded, .sewered; gas
.and water mains; 200 teet from th^ 24th-at.-
cars; \u25a0 muet . be sold at once to r clone estate.
-JOOST SONS & CO.. 320 Bush et.
$2000— LARGE choice lot on, Fulton st.'. near
Baker, size 25x137; finest lot in that section.
JOOST SONS & CO.. dW Bush st. •
':•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 HAWKS & SKELTON,
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
' Property.;: '.-\u25a0. -\u25a0 -. '\u25a0 . . ,
— Inveatment paying . 6 per cent net;
Bush et, near Van Ness aye.; two
frontages. ;,~. .' - : ..••
$14,5CK> — Pierce sn, .near. Broadway; modern.
... : , handsome home, ' 10 rooms, hardwood
\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0 floors, billiard • room ;•: nne marine view;
$9,500 — Filbert Bt., near Hyde; good house. of
v- 10 rooms; fine view; lot 45X137.-.: \u25a0
$30.000 — NE corner; Larkin -. and Lombard;" 50
vara; grand view- of city and 'bay.
$3,250 — Choice- lot east line of Gough St., near
\u25a0;-..-\u25a0 Green: 27x110; street accepted; concrete
sidewalks. \u25a0\u25a0 ; ...*; - .. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ;..'.. \u25a0"
$3,000 — Choice lot; *Eouth line Green at, "near
1 \u25a0 Scott; 23x100: fine homes all around it;
good view.' >•\u25a0--.-\u25a0• ;',.,•' \u0084 •
.' HAWKS i& . SKELTON. '
' 323 Montgomery St. ..
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
713 James Fl.od b.dg., P. well and Market sts.
\u25a0FOR SALE." ;\u25a0 ; :,
New e*ven-room .*\u25a0 residence,'^ elegantly i fin-
ished; 12<i2 7th aye..- bet. H and I sts., Par-
nassus Heights; ,\u25a0 price $5,500. - terms .$6OO
.'.' cash, balance i(i per. cent interest* '\u0084"\u25a0\u25a0
: ; Two new . flats. .; 5 3 and \u25a0 6 'rooms; « 1278 : 7th
aye., bet. H and I ; eta., Parnassua . Heights ;
; price $'>,7jo; terms -$1,000 cash, balance 0
jier cent. ;; - . '. ' : ./ '~ \u25a0\u25a0
. ' ..- Sec the Building : Construction Co. if you
intend \u25a0 dojng \u25a0 any y installment -.. building; we
furnish free plans or bid on youru. , .\u25a0-, \u25a0•. 1
\u25a0 S*n<i for our ; PROPERTY FOR SALE clr-
. k INSTALLMENT LOAN circular.
•-' PKOPERYY ' FOR RENT 4 circular.
FLORIN L. JONES & CO ., < Real Estate Agts.,
'."\u25a0\u25a0-. .' " \u25a0\u25a0' -137 Montgomery ? st. •"^ .
$18,000 — Choice NE.: corner.? 43xl2s; Van . Ness
aye..; i extra I . choice ; site." -";.'.; .
$14,000- : - : Extra: choice 'marine view; .'modern
residence; < billiard-room, furnace, - elec-
\u25a0-'-"•V 1 tricv;l!shtE.v.';r«.-'\y-^, ,-.'•--:,;.. : . :
$25. 00<» — Modern colonial, residence: fine marine
:*. view;' snap: 'Pacific ; Heights. , • ;:
:$8,750: $8,750— Residence, 17 rooms and bath ; lot 25x
. 137 :6;; Fell -st.V 5 in -Panhandle. -. .
$7,500— NE.'-cor.vCoEtro and -20th- sts.;j 55x
100 ;i fine •corner. '.'\u25a0. ..?.'••"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. ; .
FLORIN, L.'- JONES ; &? C 0.' 1,. 137 Montgomery.
: .-:\u25a0:. : :FORSALE:BY : -i: : '." \u25a0. -
' J ULIEN SM ITH, 420 Montgomery st. -
Corner store. ; flat and , house,; near.:'. Polk," s6ooo
Cor. v : Harrison - at:.": 51 xlOO,' J and y 1mpt6.',57300. -
NE. and NW. r; Harrison :st, "-3 frontages; $14,500
Corner; Market * and j 17th.* fine 144 - feet," $23,800.
Stevenson, ntar 9th, 25x75, 2 frontages, $6150;
Slxth, > 05 1 feet ' and ; lmpts.V * good ;, buy; j. $15, 0C0."
TO ; buy— 1 1 ara -in "^ the % market js to r buy,i.unim-
\u25a0 \u25a0:" proved '\u25a0 lots : north i or.; south f of.? Golden j Gata
. "- Park - for 'cash If 2 locations ; and »; prices -\u25a0. are
right: ? submit • your : - property Jat s'net f prices.
J. -C. STUART/; 1406-7 i Call % building. ;
TO * sell— A ife w ; choice} lots -south '\u25a0 of \G. Gl
\u25a0 "Park "i to ' sell >: cheap \u25a0 for 1 cash ; s call* for : plat» '
of location*. 'J.:C STUART, '1406.7 Call
S bUlldlng/ -.••"'.\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0:'-\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0>-'\u25a0\u25a0:•• .; \u25a0 ' , : ;.;•\u25a0
MODERNS 7-room house': near /principal*' -en-
:"* trance 'G.G.- Park:<aibargain.;; MARCUSE,"
.;/ 118 j Montgomery^ sf^u \u25a0*?;&* •-'k*r-l :*;•. »\u25a0» \u25a0 i- .
FOR pale~-:Five-rc>om 1 cottage ; easy termsVt- In-
: quire- of owner, k 612 :,Precrta' ave. ; : ,*•-=.\u25a0'
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INBURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY.
410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
-/ KOUL BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
I>OES A POLICY IN THE CAL. TITLE IN-
SURANCE AND TRUST CO. PROTECT?
Every purchaser or ' mortgagee of real estate
should have his title examined to ascertain
whether there arc defects In it or Incum-
brances • upon It. and thereupon tha title
should be protected by an Insurance policy.
A GENERATION AGO IT WAS NEXT TO
IMPOSSIBLE to obtain the. protection that can
now be. had through title examination and In-
surance. ."Title Insurance is much cheaper than
going to court— certainly more satisfactory. It
eaves you \u25a0 litigation expenses — If Incurred — bj
transferring- : them to : va. \u25a0\u25a0 •
THE ONLY - SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE "COMPANY having a compleu lo-
cality plant* or • copy of the real estata • rec-
ords.- ... constructed especially for Insuring raal
estate titles like modern plants of New York.
Boston Chicago and Eastern cities: reasonable
rates: regular trust company business transact-
ed under. State charter; all. matters controlled
and . managed by the following-
:•-.-\u25a0;- DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM BABCOCK,
• , . \ . President Parrott A Co.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
I"-',-.--. •'\u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0" Vlce-Pres. Bank of California,
ROBERT BRUCE. : -
. . Of Balfour. Guthrie & Co.
,: HENRY L. DAVIS.
\u25a0 .- " President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL.
• ---. ' . Manager - Anglo-Calif orntan Bank
WARREN OLNEY, .
'Olney & Olney, Atty*s and Counselors
CHARLES PAGE. . .:
\u25a0, . Page. McCutchen tt Knight.' Atty'n.
A. T. SPOTTS. . ... \u25a0..'.. '. ...
/ Mgr.- Cal.* Title Ins. and Trust Co,
; JOHN, R. SPRING. " . .
- .\u25a0 •/ \u25a0: ; : ; ""•." Capitalist. 530 California st.
iAUDIFFRED.*. JACQUES (Inc.).
Real Estate; .407 * Examiner bldg.
CITY FRONT BARGAIN.
$25,000— Jackson - at", - near •" Drumm: \u25a0 improve-
*. \u25a0 ments 0. . X. : an investment and \u25a0 spec-
: ulation; lot 40x120 to rear/ street;.; don't
, fail to Investigate this. •/;';"
$6,000— -Rents $000; Mission Comer: stores and
,-.' : flat; -mortgage $4000 with bank can re-
main. ' i*s*nMBMHNMttM^s^MauJi * s *nM8MHNMttM^s^MauJ
\u25a0 $4.000— Cheap \u25a0 residence. 7 ; rooms, bath ; Val-
':-" ' - Uio.'- near Jones: 'lot '26x60. •\u25a0••• '\u25a0 : -
.; $4, soo— Ren ts ?4SO : ' 2 flats and . stable ; Grove,"
: .-\u25a0-- "-^near. Devlsadero.^ - ' - -: : -\u25a0- :\u25a0 - \u25a0\u25a0-
- $6,2oo— Choica ... residence, \u25a0'\u25a0 8 - rooms,", bath; -. all
- < -latest - Improvements: \u25a0 Scott, • near Page;
- ibarsaln.'" \u25a0-.-\u25a0'\u25a0-. r--\u25a0-:r --\u25a0-:
$30.000— Rents $3000: -choice NW. corner Jones
'-"- st; : 9 " new ; elegant flats. 5-6-9 J rooms,
; .: , baths;,-no vacancies; permanent I'lnvest-
«.:. ment: large lot '
( $4,250 — Natcma. near Tth: 4 well built flats;
"*.'• rents $480: must b« sold to clone an es-
. tate; don't miss thls^aggHgNfEat
. S2.Bso— Rents ?30; J close : to Folsom and ; sth :
- '. 4 flats,", rooTcs>ach: backs' up to pr!n-
- - -\u25a0\u25a0 ciFaJ;»treet;-'lot:2sx*o \u25a0 ;..- .-1 -
AUDIFFRED, * JACQUES." 407. Examiner bid.
FOR ; : sale-^-Corner.t- 150x100: - Excelsior ' home-
"Sat«*ad:'on*er..wante<J.T:BQx £264. Cal 1. - .
$ISOO— CORNER: ' District: 25x100;
1 \u25a0 great- bargain. -Box 9^94. Call offlce.
GRAND MARINE VIEW- LOTS." '
FACING GOLDEN GATE PARK. *>'-<-;
Fronting on Fulton. McAllister ar^d Park-
side aye.; street bltumlnlzed and side sewers
laid: cheapest lots In the city; no property
bo prettily situated and can -boast of. the
. double advantage of Park frontage and ma-
rine views; price exceedingly low. from $1300
to $2500; see them to-day; bound to Increase
in value; McAllister-st. cars pass property.
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
RICHMOXD-DE WOLF. •
$2700— Neat one-story cottage. 4» rooms, bath,
pas. hot and cold wster; brick foundation;
bay window; lot 25:3x120: street paved and
accepted by city.: title perfect.
RICHMON'D-DE WOLF. I6CO Pt. Lobos aye.
$3300 — 2-STORY. 6-room. modern house In Cen-
tra! Richmond; big basement; modeßt mort-
UICHMOND-DE WOLF. 1600 Pt. Lobos aye.
$2575 — COTTAGE, 4 rooms," bath, gas; .mullicn
\u25a0window on front; faces west; lot 25x120; this
is a desirable and neat little home. \u25a0^.\u25a0\u25a0:
RICHMOND-DE WOLF, I<4K) Pt, Lobes aye.
SUot; — HANDSOME new house, 6 rooms, on
eunny side of a wide, popular street: yard
for kitchen garden; high basement; concrete
foundation; al) the modern Ideas of rolling
doors, paneled ceiling, electric lights; elde
ewitches are In evidence.. Looking for some-
- thing unique? * •' "
lUC^MOND-DE WOLF, 1(500 Pt. Lobos aye.
$3000 — GOOD 2-Htory house, 6 rooms and stable
on rear; makes a srood appearance and worth
the money; east of panhandle.
RICHMOXD-DE WOLF. I'JOO Pt'Lobos aye.
$5050 — PAIR new. modern flats, four and flve
rooms; in each of the great parlors there is a
exeat grate; the location is a charming one,
10th aye. and B et. See it Occupant of top
flat will let you in to see. and while there
fe you can look to sea: mr.rtgage $3000 can stand.
RICHMON'D-DE *" WOLF, lt>OQ Pt. Lobos aye.
$2C50 — COKNER lot In a growlny location: this
will be good 'or business; tin: of lot 32:6 x
1C0; sewer, ras and water In /street. .'.;"•
KICHMOND-DE WOLF. leoO Pt. Loboe aye.
I $2SC0 — CUTE cottage, properly plan'ncd, prettily
1 painted, mightily made; rooms- four: . price
rigid; term« elastic: you can see it any time;
time to buy is now.
RICHMOND-DE WOLF. IGOO Pt. Lobos aye.
JJ2OOO— -LOT on cast Elde 6th aye., near Lake
st; 6izc 25x120; street paved.
RICHIIOND-DE WOLF. lW>O Pt. Lobos aye.
: YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. ' (Inc.).
; . 513 California at.
$35,000—50x137:0; west line of Hyde st, near
Ellis; eolendld location for apartment
bouse. . > -. • . '
113,500— 20x137:6; California near Buchanan;
2 thoroughly modern flats of, 7 rooms
and bath; renting for $105 per month.' f
$12,500 — Jackson near Van^Nees • aver;' up-to-
date residence of ;12 rooms ', and 4 bath;
renting for $70 per month.V«BSHj&os*s%B
$12,000^ — 57 :6xC0 to rear street; corner Union
and Mason sts.: improvements, store
and fltas; renting for $80 50.
$11,500— Church. near ; Twenty-second: «Ix
modern flats of four rooms -and bath
«>ach;' renting for $110 per month." '" ; ,
$11,000 — 40xS0; turner cny Lombard st. near
Mason; imDrovemcnta consist of (i flats,
lenting for $S1 uer month.-
$lO.OO0 — 4:{:tix100; Filbert." near" MSTJon: flats
and > cottages; renting for , $S0 50 . per
month.
$8,250 — 20x122:6 to rear street; - Vallejo - at.
near Van Ness aye;: « flats of 6 ana 7
rooms, rentlne for $73 per ; month. -'.- '
$11,000---Sutter near Lacuna; 34:4x137:fi;. 2
well-built houses of "rooms and l»ath
caoh. rentlnV'fcr .$72 per 'month.
CASTLE. PAYNE & McLEOD (Incl).
"V^;.. „\u25a0•\u25a0-\u25a0„ \u25a0•\u25a0-\u25a0 3182 22d'- St., -near 'Mission. :
.347 Bush st... near Montgomery.! - .
We move Sept. 1 to 2543 Mission st, near 22d.
- / ' DAN O'CALLAGHAN, •- - .
\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0 Real Estate and '.Insurance.- Broker. .
Renting and Collecting.
\u25a0 . . 22 Montgomery st, near Market
$30,000— Palatial' residence near Van Ness aye.
and ' California st. ; cost I $45,000 ; \u25a0 can be
.leased for.s2W par month; make oftsr. '
$20,000— Hayes . Valley 4 corner lot, 42x120; 3
frontages; present improvements: pay 10
-vi per cent;: great future.. \u25a0 /\u25a0'\u25a0'.-
slC,sCO— Pacitlc-ave. ~ residence, near Laguna
\u25a0' st.;;10 rooms; perfect marlno view; lot
, 27:t!5127:0; location unexcelled; v land
".* '." : L* alone 'worth .the price.' : "- ". '
$11,000— Mission residence; Howard st. ; 9
\u25a0 . rooms: stable; 'lot 50x125; cannot be dv- !
- plicateiiifor $15. COO; investigate.. ,-.
$10.000— Swell residence site; corner Washing-
ton and Lyon sts.; lot 50x137:0;. ready
tor buildlns. , " . "\u25a0 - ', \u25a0
$0,500 — Beautiful marine .view .bulldine lot,
- corner -Washington and Cherry . sts.', ' .. I
block from Presidio Terrace; 37:6x1C0.
$0,600 — Beautiful • 8-rocm \u25a0; residence; \u25a0 Webster
at. - : near \u25a0 Broadway; ; -perfect marine
view; unexcelled" surroundings. ' "' \u25a0.
\u25a0 $9,000— Elegant' new - 10-room \u25a0 residence ; . Ash-
bur}', near Waller; « eunny - ; perfect
. - in every detail: lot 80x100. :.-.-- .
$o.ooo— Handsome residence. 9 rooms;- • every
: convenience;.' north Page ' St., near Ma-
sonic aye. ; sacrifice, • owner, departing;
'carnets.value:sflOO, Included.-.: —
$S, 6oo— Reduced <for quick sale; beautiful, new
9-room residence.; finished, basement, at-
tic; -full marine- view; "i covers -2. lots:
.plenty 'light; lot 50x104; Lake st. and
,-; ..Twentieths aye.,' Richmond: a: snap. •/ r
' $4,ooo— Fine r 2-story residence, 7 rooms and
: bath; 25 feet frontage ;Hs4l- Lombard st:
$1,000 — Cottage, 5 rooms; north line Twentieth
• '-St.; full -view of city and bay; lot 25x114.
'>\u25a0\u25a0)\u25a0 DAN' OCALLAGHAN. "%»=
22 Montgomery st... near Market. , .';
\u0084...,...• \u25a0 . .-\u25a0•,):. - .--\u25a0 5>
'•!... ' - \u25a0'.'.'\u25a0'- i ""\u25a0' • '\u25a0 J."" ">'">:\u25a0 ' ;
B.GETZ. R00m.22. -Chronlcia Bldg.
Owner and , '""Dealer.-.: •
:\u25a0\u25a0-!' $100," f 250 ' to $650---Cholce»t \u25a0,' and cheapest
Ocean Bide and. Ocean Heights lots; unobstruct-
ed view of ocean and Park: terms. ." : \u25a0*\u25a0
\u25a0 $360 to $1250— Richmond and Sunset lots; all
graded: on electric car line; monthly terms.
$400 to $500— i North' of Park- lots; on 'Hne/of
pruposed- Ocean ' Shore. H.-R.: -fine: vtaw'of
Sprcckels lake.vG.".*,G. Park and ocean;, easy
terms.- : \u25a0•" \u25a0'. -.ic: \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0''\u25a0'\u25a0 '-\u25a0'"-' :;-:' ;^ : . . * •'\u25a0
• \u25a0 '•"-': *: Excelsior Homestead.- ; ---'
NftwßlooU. \u25a0.-- ; v .-•;:-. •/: New , Block. -
\u25a0 ' Madrid; - Edinburgh I and 'Japan s.re«U. . i
\u25a0 - Splendid . Level Lots Rtady , to Build On. '
' $150 to ; $6(iO-i-Your ? choice; In " the 1 plstrlet.V
Don't i ail •\u25a0 to : select a t home *on ! easy » terms.
On Mission i st. \u25a0 car :llae;'-j; ":_ Best service. \u25a0\u25a0 >
$1000 to $3000 — Cottages and JJJouses on Terms.
I.' • Buy " direct : from - tl** \u25a0 Owner. •
i :\u25a0:. .\u25a0. \u25a0..-.-\u25a0 •\u25a0"-;\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.'•...\u25a0..-•- ,\u25a0'
B. GETZ, - Room. 22, \u0084 ' 2d Floor."
". :*: \u25a0:.""-.•'.'. Chronl'-le' Building.' ;. \u0084.;,:",;
' FOR ' sale— -AY cozy -• cottage '-.\u25a0 In " Garden JTi-act
• Homestead ; ! located . between San - Bruno \ aye."
•V. rind Kailroad ave. ; ! convenient i to 1 Rlsdon \ and:
Union ' Iron ...Works ; •'4 - rooms ; & hard * finish : :
•v newly " ;; . renovated ; :>\u25a0 high \u25a0-": basement: * : .: brick
'<\u25a0}. foundation ; r lot 1 25x100; 1 $1250. i. $100 -cash.";
-balance like rent.: -W.rN.V RUSSELL, "SOI
-v California • St., San \u25a0 Francisco, Cal." \u25a0\u25a0 . . \u25a0;
. FINE ? SUNSET i LOTS CHEAP.". :
' :$lOO CASH. V , $10 . MONTHLY. _S
- ; l -' " :^ k,' NEIAR'IOTH.- : : :;••\u25a0"-- rr.i :":..' '\u25a0
": CHOICE ,VIETiV» OF OCEAN /AND i PARK: ; >
-\u25a0-\u25a0'v' McEWEN; BROS.;^IIB, Montgomery, st. ...',
ROTHERMEL &" CO.T 6O7^California st.' have
':\u25a0.-. Home {, good :, bargains iln < city^ property ; Z also
. . houses and '\u25a0 tots ,-; in | Berkeley, -\u25a0 Oakland . and i
: - f Aiameda?-:.: Call i or^wrlte :\u25a0 for what you £ want. ;
RESIDENCE. 9 rooms,, reception hall, bath and
f%. laundry : * solidly * built ; stinny,^ quiet and ; ele-
•;, gantly \u25a0 located : • rear ' stores.': cars ? and \u25a0' parks ; : ,
1 - $7000. \u25a0 1210 .Waller at,™ east of Masonic aye.
FOURTH STREET.
No fORS or cold winds In the Mission; you don't
\u25a0 have to keep a. flre all summer; Just as
easy to live comfortable and. much cheap-
er : we : have J the largest list \u25a0 Of Mission
- : \u25a0 property In this city,";it wlll-aava you time
and money to. see us. first .
$5750— 24tb-st. swell new flats ot .6 and 7
rooms and baths; built ts. months; 10t; 25x
: 114; cars cn -street; rents.-. are $600 per
.^ annum; mortgage of • $2800 at 6 per cent
can stand. '\u25a0:" ;' \u25a0 • -,
$4830 — A labama-st. flats of 6 and 7 rooms and
'. .balhs; 3. toilets; well rented; to 'good- ten-
ants;- we <wlll; sell for half cash, "making
a net Investment of $2450, on which basis
this pays Just 19 per cent net. . " '
$30,000— F»ie corner on Third et; rent $1650
per annum; large rot. .
$20.0 C0 — Ci tine medern flats on Franklin st:
best location; always rented: lot 27:6*
\u25a0 87:6 ft.: rent $1830 per annum: flna
steady Income property.
$20,000 — Union St.. In; a business section: lot
Soxt2o; buildlnss rent for $150 per mo.
$15,000— O'Farrell at.;-; 3 fine flats: 37 feet
• (front: -every room sunny; this is -cheap;
rent $127.50. , •
$35,000— Hotel on Fourth st. corner; rented at
- $200 per month; act quick.
$16,5C0— 3 - tine flats. Larkln st;,.rooms all
• . sunny, and light: ; same as corner: -large
• \u25a0•: lot:- rtntv;sl3Co 1 Der, annum: ; ee«. this
"\u25a0\u25a0and make offer: murt.be sold. -•
$17.500— \u25a0 Washington st, .near park; 2. large
- - \u25a0 fine modern hous?s. 9 rooma and, bath
. . -.each; .larire. lot. 55x127 :SJ4 feet; rent
$I.*HX) per annum. - \u25a0• t • • \u25a0 .'
$11. OCO — ,'i fine modern flats built one year on
Ashbury near 2 car lines; rent $100 per
month; owner coins; abroad and. must
sell. • • ;
$10,000— Russian Hill • choice residence lot;
Joaes «t.; near Vallejo; 60x117:6 to rear
street: superb view. . - . - \u25a0
$10,000 — Pine st; :{ fine flats, near Buchanan,
of 7. S and 8 rooms and bath: lot 23x
ICO ft: rent JlllO per annum; this ia
- a bargain: be sure to see It.
$6,5C0— 2 fine flnta on Taylor et. close In:
rented lew at $50 month; see this for
a bargain at once. .
*.rS(W— R»nt9 $30: snap: south of Market
$12.500— Fine Investment on 4th st; som»
money to be made here.
$S,CCO — Modern rssldence of S rcoms and fln-
' Ished basemen t en Page st; one block
from park panhandle.
$B,ooo— Nfttoma st., near" 6th: 4 flats: rent
$S4O per annum; bargain; must sell.
$3.C00— Cheap lot: 24th st, near Dolores;
40x(il. ' • \u25a0--\u25a0'.\u25a0"- - ;
$4,200 — Cottage, nearly new; 5 rooms and
. bath;' near Market and Castro; 23x102.
$2,500— Lots Inside Van Ness aye.: $100 per
- foot. ..-;-.•
Cheap lot*; Golden Gate aye. and Baker st. ;
any size: price $2275 and upward;
street bltumlnlzed; lots ready for build-
ing.
$400— Cheap lot on 2Sth aye.. near Golden
Gate Park: 25x120 feet' vv
?3.CC0 — Residence of 10 rooms and bath (may
, be converted Into flatf);- Howard st.
not far from 2Cth st: 27:fct122:8 feet.
?20,0CO — An investment nettinar & per cent"
centrally located: 2 blocks from Market
at. ; 50 feet frontasre; always rented.
MADISON & BURKE,
- ' Established January, 1556.
30 Montgomery st. opposite Lick House,
: \u25a0. Real Estate Asrents.
\u25a0 Full/Charse Taken of Property.
$22.000-rCorner; invide Sutter and, Jones st;
cheap.
$18,500 — Hi grand flats; Halght St.. near De-
\u25a0 , visadero; raying 0 per cent; lot .27x
137:6
\u25a0; RBAX ; ; B ST ATB—CITT— FOJr» ' S AXJB. '\u25a0
: : \u25a0:\u25a0."..-\u25a0.'•": BAdE^iPEAiisT^^cor;"'"* v-" .- -'...
. . 638, Market at. opp. Palace 1 Hotel.
' • \u25a0' Real '. Estata "Agents .' find \u25a0' AucUonears. » ?:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.
' Houses \u25a0 Rented— Bants % Collected— lnsurance. \u25a0\u25a0
$55,000— SentB $60lQ \ per ftiminn; . property i.we?
- \u25a0 rented: improvements consist 0f .4 hand-
some - stores; modern plate-glass 1 window
\u25a0.\u25a0-'• frontage, with 8 modern up-to-date flats;:
- < . building i aubstantUlly built; owner built :
same for permanent investment and not
:to sell ; heavily . mortgaged ; ' situated lon
the best business street north of Market
'\u25a0street.- \u25a0"-. \u25a0...:-\u25a0\u25a0-'-:\u25a0\u25a0••:\u25a0::\u25a0.- ;...-.-:.. -. „ \u25a0, .
$37,500— Rents $284 15* per month; a handsome
- oamer; 55x00 f t. , on, Turk at,- not -far.
from VVan > Ness , a ye. • • elegantly improved
, ,".-;-, with,' modern :.ne w .: buildings. ;. containing ,
\u25a0>:**" 6 .stores and 4 flats;" an unusual 'Oppor-
• tunlty for a safe inveatment. • "
$55.000— -An important " corner • on : Foleom \u25a0 it;
;:"• - near Third ; 60 , ft: . frontage by 160 ft.
' \u25a0\u25a0•-depth; greatest proposition now for sale
-• ; In. this vicinity, rv f_ ' - . •
125,000— -Grant-aye, Investment; Improvements
- ,- 8-story modern brick building underiten
, . years" secured lease; rents $182 per mo.;
- '"=.-•\u25a0 exclusive of repairs, water, etc.- .
$20,000 — Hayes et., noar Gough; first-class bus-
. lheas inveatment ; 25x120 ft,,-; through- to
rear; street; stories and flats; rents $136
V-. \u25a0 per month."- ;":.'\u25a0 . ;: ; - '
$20,000 — Large business , corner, .' consisting, of
-\u0084 atoresr and" flatt on; Eddy ;st. near. Fill- ;
'\u25a0'=.'\u25a0-;'' more; rents - $136 par month.', i;':--
$14,000— -Page st: near Buchanan; 27:6x120 ft:;
2 frontages; 3 modern . up-to-date flats
of 7-7-B. rooms, porcelain bath, gas. elec-
- trtctty, 2~totlets' in '-each; -> inelos*<l
\u25a0 porches; $150 per month; title- guaran-
\u25a0\u25a0 "• \u25a0' ,teed. '- •\u25a0 .-,- .':\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0 - .-. ' , "': ,
$10, 500— Page st., near Baser : 3 modern | flats
, .\,qt,Q rooms and. porcelain. bath; beamed
. ceilings In dining -room; 2 wooden 'nian-
tals; -.tiled <a« grates In each; > rented
well; mortgage $4500 can remain.
$B,7so— Flllraore St., near- Page ; handsome
modern residence, 11 rooms and bath;
ground 37 .'6x110- feet; :':: ' : . ' v •
$S,soO— Folsom St., near 7th; north side; run-
ning through .to Clementina st. ; \u25a0 25x1C0
• ' feet;'iimprovements nominal; store-, and
7-room flat above: 2 flats on Clementina
st; mortgage -of $4000 can remain; prop-
, erty In this vicinity will.' iloubla in
value Inside of a year. '
$8,000-^Two corher flats on Buchanan st, nr.
Hayes. st.;: also 6-room ; coUage;. rent $66
•per month; could be greatly Increased:
mortgage of $4500 can rem«in; this is a
\u25a0 cheap .corner; .Investigate '.immediately.
$6,750^ — Greatest sacrifice in ". the* Sunset I Dis-
trict; Important corner, 100x100 ft. on
ll. St.. and 20th aye.; muat be sold this,
week.' •
$6,250— Residence on Stelner. St. near^Clay:
27;, ft." frontage: In close proximity to
-\u25a0.Alta Plaza; 8 rooms, and bath. '
$5,500^-4 excellent 1 flats \ln flrst-class condi-
- tlon:':3 large rooms' each;- flush toilets;
cement entrance and. bulkhead; rent $50
"per month. • .
$s,ooo— Union st, near Laguna ; -60x100 ft."
building. lot; this Is strictly a business
:,'\u25a0 block. \u25a0 ; :' : . -' ; "
" $4;500-rTwo .bay-window flats, thoroughly
. - " modern; 4-5 rooms and - porcelain bath;
, open plumbing; also new- cottage of 4
rooms In rear: rent $43 - per ' month. r
$4,250— Tw0 handsome new flats on 9th aye.;
principal street -In . the Richmond, Dis-
trict ; absolutely ne w ' and up to data ;
renting to Al tenants at $40 per month.
$4,ooo— North Beach investment; rent $42 per
month; \u25a0 Improvements- tenement -flata in
- Al condition; always : rented. ;
|3,eOO— Two flats of 4 rooms each; patent
toilets;: new plumbing:: new roor; stable
in rear; rent $30 per .month; Leaven-
worth, near \u25a0 Pacific.
. $375— rBulldlng lot with grand future on 45th
aye.. Sunset District: property near, the
Grand Ocean boulevard Is Improving
dally.- : ' •:::. ' :'" ' -\u25a0.'"\u25a0.'\u25a0-\u25a0
: ' . . SAGE. DEALEY & CO.,
'638 Market st. opp. Palace, Hotel.
, CASTLE^PAYNE & McLEOD (Inc.), •
: 3IKi 22d st, near Mission,
347 Bush St.
$3000— In Mission; cars on street; 2 fiats of 4
and 0 rooms and baths; lot 20x76; close to
-. Mission 8t; rents' s324 per month.
$3200 — Vermont st.," near 17th; good double
house. of 9 rooms; lot 25u>9; modem and
up-to-date; a fine. larg« house; cheater
.than you usually get. a 5-room one for.
$2SoOt— Elegant. -6-room . house;. 1& blocks to
cars; good lot; new and' modern In every
way; combination rlxturts. porcelain bath,
1 hot and cold water, cement 'trays, swell
' 1 mantels; we will sell on terms to suit
- . .'you; -how foolish to pay rent when this
opportunity is In sicht.
$3500 — Utah St. ; close to 2 car lines; cottage of.
5 rooms and bath; lot: 50x80; making roonr
for another cottage or flats;- good stable In
• '•;"':.. rear; also carriage shed. .--.
$3600 — Capp-st. houee ' of 7- rooms and' bath-;
.street -work, all. done; - only half block to
owl \ cars : 1 lot ts 115 \u25a0 feet long ; - just - sold
one next to this for $3500 with 80-foot lot.
$4300— N«w flats; 1 block from Mission st; 4
•- and j rooms and 3-i»om '-cottage; rents of
.-...,. iiatu $516 per annum i rt-ar cottage la good;
';". let is. 25x135;!. now. being finished and you
'. . ." can select the. fixtures; and mantels: small
: \u25a0 ':'' mortgage - can . remain or will . sell for \u25a0 part
cash: being built by daya work right now
and you can see it being done; p*ople with
\u25a0mall amount to. lnvent In fiats cannot do
better than to buy these.'
";. REAL' KOTATE^ITY-^^OR* SAJLBi': [
J. W. WRIGHT & \ CO.. 630 Market at V L;
$47,500— Rent : $4200 : per , annum ; : fine ' business
\u25a0\u25a0 ; .\u25a0"qomer .on DavlsaderO'St; -lot €2x110;
. . elegant modem 1 building ' of stores - and
?' : \u25a0:\u25a0: 'flats.-: , -,- ,- v\u25a0 > .-.-\u25a0 •.-: •\u25a0•• \u25a0?..- - :•: '" -
$41,000— 10t 45:10x137:6; flna holding on Spear
< \u0084 ;.o it;- near Market; ' rent ; $100 per month. \u25a0
$31,000— Rent s ; $2280 '- per ./ annum ; one corntr
."'. on 4th st., consisting of stores and flats;
. - '-'\u25a0-•'- lot • 80x76; three-story frame" building. ,
$23,500— Rent $200 per month; elegant business
..:':"..-. corner , of 4 stores and 7 flats; lot 55x
; '.- 10O; vicinity of. Market and 15th sts.
$37,500— lient . «30utf - par .ainum; . elegant . flew
apartment-house; renting under secured
: lease - for 0 \u25a0 years ; 5 north line of . O'Far-
w rellat, east v o£Larkia;.largje lot
$20,000— Rent $200 per month; splendid corner
on Jones st. ; 8 new flats of 4-5 rooms
:: " -and bath e*ch.'\ - "a -; -: .
$17,500— Rent $174 50 per month; flna. corner
"\u25a0';.' on Hyde st. ; o now modern flats; mcd-
- - —em in every . particular. :,- '.: ;"
$23, 500— Rent • $2je2 per annum; - choica bual-
- ness corner within . 200 fact of .'Market
fit. ; lot 32:6x100; splendid modern build-
\u25a0 m _ ing of - stores ' and • II 11 1 11 HfMUJIJUIiMi 1 1 ' li) ~\ \u25a0\u25a0
.$21,000 — Rent $2544' per. annum; nica sunny
. v corner near Panhandle and Golden Qata
Park ; ' fine new building of 9 flats of
> 4-5-0 rooms and bath 'each; bank mort-
gage of $10,000; no better income prop-
erty in the city. -?: ,-"• . \u25a0
$14,000— Old -: Improvements on Howard ; at,
near sth; lot, 37:6x80; rents $55 par
month; a -fine holding.
$12,500— Rent $110 per month; store and
\u25a0 \u25a0; -:~lodging-hougey Tot' 41i68:»; Ton Paclflo
Bt, near Montgomery. ' ' ".
$14.000-rßent' sl2o.; par, month; 3 beautiful
modern flats of 7 rooms and bath each;
-.- . , well located in the Western Addition;
splendid baruain. irijilHlirifc.'v^-.
$11, 500— Rent X $100 % per month ; lot > 25x133; 3
.",""?.'; new modern up-to-date flats of 6, rooms
X\u25a0 \u25a0 "•- and • bath each; Guerrero st, \u25a0 near 14th;
$10,000— Lot 36:0x137:6; good eubstantlal build-
ing of 3 stories; in fine .condition; flat
of ,7 rooms and bath below and a resi-
dence of 11 rooms and bath above; rent
\u25a0'•* $85 per month; Pine at, near Laguna.
- $B,ooo— Rent $04 per month; fine new building
'of 6 flats of 3 rooms and bath each; all
rented; to -good tenants: 2 blocks north
of Market. st. ' , •
$s,7so— Rent $50 per month ; 2 bay-window
< i flats of ' 6-6 rooms and bath ; lot 25x85 ;
'..vicinity of Ellis and t Pierce, sts.: mort-
"•\u25a0 t, ' gage of $2250 can \u25a0 remain ; nearly new ;
: reduced froni $6000 to make quick sale.
$5,600— Rent $47 50 per, month; lot 25x137:6;
2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath; Sut-
tertt, near-Broderick. • \u25a0 -
$4.2so— Rent $43 per month; 3 new modern
flats of 4-5 rooms and - bath each ; 18th
st, near Howard; large lot.
$3,500^ — Choica \u25a0 business • corner on Jones at.;
'\u25a0*k :\u25a0/-'-. old "• Improvements.
$I.3so— Rent $12 per month; modern cottage
of 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x100; built
less than 2, years; this' is; a bargain;
- near 17th and Douglass sts.
LOTS.
$2,lso— Nice corner on SOth trt., near Castro;
• lot 50x97. .
$1,100-^-Chotce lot. on 10th aye.. near Point
.. Lobos aye.; street work done; sewer in;
--ready to build on.
'.$1,200 — Choice lot on 23d, n«»ar Point Lobos:
\u25a0 50x120:. street work all done; ready to
•- . build on. -"\u25a0: ":•'.;-,>;;. :'- '
Lots for sale cheap on easy monthly payments.
(North .of, the Park.)
35x120. 25th aye.. near B st.
90x244. corner C st. and 10th aye.
50x73. -19th aye.,". near- C 'st. .
50x120, 234 aye., near B st.
50x100, : 38th aye., near C it.
31x100, corner C st. and 41st aye.
25x100, . Point Lobos -aye.. . near 37th aye.
50x120, 88th aye.. near Point Lobos aye. .
• (South of the Park.)
100x120, corner W st: and 89th aye.
50x120, 45th aye., . near W st. /'
75x100, N st., , near . 2Cd \u25a0 aye.
OUXI*.O, «iuttl * ftV?.» ri6£LT 'It 9l*
50x120.' 46th ava., near O «t.
50x120, 45th aye... near S st.
75x100. L St.. near 30th 1 aye.
•;.. (Excelsior Homestead.), >i- 4 -L"»!
2?xlOO, ; corner Persia \u25a0 and London sts." .
I 2SxlOO, corner Japan and Naples sts.
25x1C0. ; Vienna," "near China aye.
.2r>xioo. Paris st. near Persia.
50x93. Mission at, rear Brazil.
. Call for maps and diagrams at the office of
j. w. wright & co.;.r v- f
C3o Market ft.
" * v HOAG & LANSDALE,
- 108 Montgomery st
LAKE-ST. LdTS..
,--X-".V;' LAKE-ST.. LOTS.
North side,' running back to Mountain Lake
Parl^; soon to be Impi-oved by tha " city; - no-
flats allowed ; a rare chance to. secure a choice
residence lot at a. low figure; price only $1675.
".'-V i.-.i.- GOUGH STREET.
•\u25a0:I'"< block from Market; cure to advance In
value;'3U feet frontage; pays $44 per month;
price $7250. . ' .- .. . :\u25a0: \u25a0 ' \u25a0..\u25a0\u25a0.-> . . ». :.
--\u25a0' CHOICE- CORN ER«.',
-'\u25a0 Near Hayes- and -Buchanan: rents $750; per
annum; price, $8200. \u25a0. • • .' .*y-*>;- \
$1,000 cash down, . balance easy payments : 2
\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 Panhandle District ' flats ;; new and mod-
- crn ; rents $750 t>er _ annum.
$13,500— Filbert st, : near" Hyde; grand marina
\u25a0 \u25a0 - J ' view; 6 flats; lot 44x137:6 feet; rents
. -, $110 per month. .
$3,000 — Pine st, v near Van ; Nees;-* double
\u0084, frontages; 2 flats and house in rear;
; : '4; ; Lv->. rents i s7o per, month."
"''...' * MISSION ' STREET.
; MISSION STREET.
Near Fifth st, north . side; . double frontage,
. 75 feat In all; old Improvements: renting for
$135 monthly; a rare chance to secure a good
property. ', Price $42,500. ,
'-. . 1 ...... - \u25a0
': • REAL \u25a0 EJtTATt^^Jnry~wFOlt' jIAIjB. j
b.f i;eK & * CO.. s Montgomery st.
\u25a0: INCOME I»KOPERTiES.^ ..
: SIXTH ST.. NEAR MARKET. '-.•"-"-
1 225.000— idagnincent : : ' buaiat&e - Investment;
; prominent corner; l»0 teet sV«t*ront-
.. age; o stores and lud sing- house;. an ac-
tual 8 per cent ; net - Income proposition.
MARKET STREET. -'
#150.000—125 \u25a0 it~ frontage to rear . street, with
.\u25a0'.-> Improvements; cicse mi particulars on
application.' \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
STOCKTON-ST. -CORNER.
$120,0C0--Nearly 240. ft street frontage; flrst-
. class ;imarovensents; under long, sa-
'cured lease, yielding an annual la-
come of about $80i.)O; $50,000 mortgage
\u25a0 at low - interest can remain.
- .THIRD - STREET-
S9O. OOO— Close , to -Howard: large improved
holding; 2 frontages.
" STOCKTON -ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$77,000— Fmest, place of -business property oa
.-,-? , northern Stockton st. near Broadway;
nearly 75 feat - street frontage;' great
depth; , comparatively new -building;
under secured lease: effer Invited.
r VAN NESS AYE. CORNER.
$67,500— Elegant NW. cor.; ltt> feet frontage;
with substantial Improvements ; lot
\u25a0" alone • worth the. money..
ANOTHER SIXTH-ST. BUY.
-tCß.OOO— Business; exclusively; stores 'and ho-
tel; 100-foot frontage; leased at ti per
. . cent; choice : buy. :
NORTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$37,500— Finely located - larga corner; . n«w
modern building; 4 stores and 4 flats in
rapidly advancing district; 4 car lines
c; ,- r ; .v. In- immadAte- vicinity;, offered on ac-
count owner leavng city; reasonable
offer entertained xor quick sale; ln-
. come $2840. : -
W. A. BUSINESS CORNER.
$18,000— Business corner; well populated sec-
tion of Western Addition: lot 37:6x73
" , ifeetr nicely- Improved -with atore» and
flats; good renters; yielding monthly
; : income -of $135. '" " - ~ .
*\u25a0 GREAT BUY IN 'FLATS.
$10,000— Beautiful flats; vicinity Masonle and
Halght sts.: finely buUt; good neigh-
borhood;: in every -.way modern and de-
sirable; paying \u25a0 nearly 12 per cant; lot
25x100 feet; a bargain.
HARRISON ST.. NEAR THIRD.
$i>.7so— Good four-story. building; 25-foot lot;
. store and flats; rented low, a real bar-
\u25a0 :-\u25a0 gain; ' investigate. : , -: -
BARGAIN IN . FLATS.
$3,250— A" fine flat investment; 27-foot lot:;
: 1 north line -of street: rented close to
$1200 yearly; good section Geary st
' TEHAMA-ST. SNAP.
$6,ooo— Tehama at. near 3d; 2 houses, rent-
Ing for $55 month; bargain.
* GOOD" SMALL" BUY. \
$4.2oo— Near 7th and Bryant sts.; 4 nica
\ - flats; 25-foot lot: rents $42 month.
RESIPENCES.
: $100.000— Jackson st; 20 rooms.
$60,000— -Jackson-st. corner; 20 rooms.
$50,000— Pacific aye.: 15 rooms (corner).
$35,000 — Broadway; 14 rooms.
S3o.COo— Washington et: . 14 rooms (corner).
S2s.COO— SUlner st: 17 rooms.
, $25,000 — Broadway corner: 14 rooms.
$22.500— California st: 15' rooms.
$20,000— Lyon-st corner: 16 rocms.
$16,000— Hyd* st; 12 rooms.
$10.000 — Washington st; 14 rooms.
$12,500 — Buah at: 9 room*.
$12.000— Green St.; 10 rooms.
$9,250 — Sutter St.; S rooms.
$7,500 — Vallejo \u25a0 st. ; 9 \u25a0 rooms.
CHOICE UNIMPROVED PROPERTIES.
$14,500— Block of 50 lots near the beach in
Sunset District: bargain.;
$10.500 — NW. corner Ist aye. \u25a0 boulevard and
: California «t: adjacent to new Pre-
sidio Terrace: 75x100 feet: a bargain
- for some one.
$2, CCO— 27th aye., near Lake et: 50x120.
$1,750 each for choice lots; 6th aye., near
C st.
$750 each— Bargain In « lots; Sunset Dis-
trict; 11th St.. near J: macadam-
ized.
$650— Cut. near 14th aye.; cheapest lot
In Rltrhmon*: 25x100.
SPECK & CO..
\u25a0209 Montgomery st
THB^GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOIIX 31CXAUGHT Manager
\V. J. MARTIX..-..Bnslne«3 Manager
TEXXPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-.
nect You With the Department You Wish.
J^ubiication Office Market and Third. S. F. ,
Editorial Room* 217 to 221 Stevenscn et.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per "Week. 75
- Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Ota,
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Order): M
DAILY CALL Onclud. Sunday). 1 year. .$B.OO
DAILY CALL <includ. Sunday). 8 mot... 4.00
DAILY CALL— By Single %lonth.. 750
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2:80
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1.00
FOREIGN' /Daily ...SS. SO Per Year Extra
nrvß-^w -(Sunday ..4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ Weckl y . 1.00 Per Year Ex.ra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change of ad-
dress ebould be particular to rive both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
\u25a0 prompt and correct compliance with their re-
quest
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
1453 Park Street. N<ear Santa Clara Avenn*.
Phone Aiameda 559.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
22«S Center Street Telephone North T7
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
JAMES 8. TYLER. Post Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Cnlon Square; Murray Hill Hole!; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. N«ews Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Mitrquette Building
Distance Telephone. •'Central 2ti19.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune "Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT: >
C. C. CARLTON I Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of tha San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets* open untl
12 o'clock every night In the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
(1008 Market street opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. • in.
S<">6 Montgomery aye.: open until 9 p. m.
SCO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«y» McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
«515 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
itUl Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
rcoo Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVI.VG TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CALL Kubxcribertt contemplating a
change ot ret-Idence during- the cumnier
month-, can Lave their paper forwarded
by mail to their new nddresa foj- notify-
ing: THE CALL 3uniness Office. * This
paper will also be on Kale at all Kuinmer
reforts and is represented by a local
rjuf-nl In all town* on the cna»t.
REAL ESTATE — CITV — FOR SALE.
OtCAR HEVMAN & BROTHER
115 SUTTER ST.
SEASIDE HEIGHTS— SEASIDE HEIGHTS
SEASIDE HEIGHTS— SEASIDE HEIGHTS.
NEW BLOCK— NEW BLOCK.
FOURTEEN LOTS SOLD IN ONE WEEK
FOURTEEN LOTS SOLD IN ONE WEEK.
The most beautitul marine view lots on
44th. 45th ayes.. M and N tts.. now offered
for sale on easy terms, overlooking the
Ocean. Btach and Boulevard: graded and
fenced and ready to build on. '
See them to-day. Take Ellis or Halght-st.
car to th« beach, get off at Boulevard sta-
tion and walk to our BRANCH OFFICE. M
•street end Ocean Boulevard. Board v.-alk
from there to the lots.
BAKER'S BEACH HEIGHTS.
BAKEK'S BEACH HEIGHTS.
BAKER'S BEACH HEIGHTS.
BAKER'S BEACH HEIGHTS.
Lots on 2oth aye.. Lake st. and \V*«t CJay
ft. now on the market for the first time;
each having a frontage of 30 ft, 35 ft and
ST ft.: marine view unsurpassed. Lots over-
looklng the Golden Gate, Ft. Point and the
Presidio; now being praded and sewered by
us. without additional cost to buyer; easy
terms. Representative on ground to-day.
LOTS ON S STREET AND .2oth AVENUE.
$450 each — Choice lots half a block from. 19th
avenue Boulevard: grand marine view;' very
close to Parkside.
T STREET LOTS.
C3r.se to the Ocean Boulevard and fronting
the new proposed electric road; will double
ia value.
RICHMOND DISTRICT.
Lots in all parts of the Richmond District:
ready to build on; lou'eia prices — easiest
lermf, send fcr diaerair.s.
LOTS OVERLOOKING THE PARK AND
SPUECKELS LAKE.
Choice lots on 3oth aye.. between B and C
streets: highly elevated; commanding a fine
vitw; excellent investment property.
GOLDEN CITY TRACT.
The best building lots at ?27a each that you
can buy; $5 monthly pays for one. Take
Kolsom-st. car, transfer at Precita and ride
, to 2574 San Bruno aye., our BRANCH OF-
FICE.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO LOTS, close to
Rai'r.-.Ed aye.. $10s> each and upward; ?5
monthly.
ANY OF THESE COTTAGES WE WILL
SELL YOU ON RENT MONEY TERMS.
4S Weet aye., nr. Mission and 3lEt sts. ; only
» one left; L.and -new; five rooms and bath.
420 C £sth st., nr. Castro st. ; new 5-room and
bath cottage; with attic so arranged that
two more rooms can be added.
1457 Willard St.: 7-rooms and bath: unsur-
passed view; half a block from the cars.
Take Haigrht or Ellis ctrest car, transfer at
Masonic aye., ride to Willard et
Corner of Hoffman aye. and Alvarado St.; <J-
rooms and bath. Take MJeslon-at. car,
trar-srer at • r^r.d 6t. and ride to HaSmaa
aye. Agent on premises.
Sl2 50 monthly: cottage In Ocean View oa
corner lot 30x93 ft, fronting Mlsslon-st. car
line.
NEW FLATS— NEW FLATS.
Vieksburg street nr. 24th; 4 and 5 rooms each;
everything modern; easy terms.
OSCAR HEYMAN & BP>O.. 118 SUTTER ST.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
If you want a Home or make money, select
lets in a location that has the brightest future.
We can positively supply that "Want"
Lots in New Block Just being graded on
Point Lcboa. 33d and 34th Avenues, also C
and B Streets.
Unobstructed ' View cf Ocean. Park and '
Epreckcls Lake from «very lot
Choicest lots'. Lowest price*! Easiest Terms!
Cars pass the property! See them at once!
Call fcr Diagrams and Prices.
1 Oceanslde Branch Office. Corner H St and
Forty-seventh Aye. .
Open Dally and Sundays.
f250, $500 to $1350— Sunset and Oceanside lots
and fronting Ocean Boulevard. Easy terms.
$100 to $350— Excelsior Homestead and Ocean
. View lots, near cars. $5 monthly.
Modern 4 and S room cottages; good locations*
all bargains; easy terms.
• EOL GETZ & EON, Owners and Dealtrs
Room £4. \u25a0 Fourth floor. Chronicle Bidg.
{•C 50 — COTTAGE, " 2 rooms; Valley tt ; lot
20x114; half block ~ Keamy-Et. car.
f2SO0 — Cottage, 6 rooms, bath; let' 40 ft.
frontage: driveway, stable; Chenery and '
• • 30th st. -
MISSION REALTY CO., 3297 Mission Et
60 FEET front on Foisbm it. 2193" Folsom,
NW. cor. Eighteenth. : with a fine new build-
ing 16 months old; 2 new: flats fronting on
Eighteenth st. : call and Fee -the property.
WILLIAM FOLEY.
FOR sale— Some fine park lots, lots In San
Mtfrucl and a nice 3-room- oolteKe in. Ala-
mc*ja. Owners. 336 Phelan bldg.. 826 Market
\u25a0MODERN cottage; 6 . rooma and bath; great
high basement and <ntrance. 5C Prosper St..
near 16th and Market" <
REAL 'ESTATE— COTY— FOB.'.SALJE.
NELSON. JOHNSON * CO./ J i )W
203 Montgomery st. , Opp. Ml"' • » la »-
- - - . " .. . *<. s \u25a0
BANKS PAY 3 PER CENT. „„_-_
THESE PROPERTIES 4 TIMES AS MUCH.
. ' _- v.MSANWHILE \u25a0•'. - -,;;_
CONSTANTLY INCRJ2ASINO IN VALLE.
IS.ooO— Rents $94" per month; six new .up-t>-
date flats; rents only $15 and $18 per
Cat: these flats muat always rent: choice
neighborhood, with new up-to-date- im-
.prove,ments on ail sides; . near Fifteenth
and Noe sts. \u25a0 \u25a0 ' -
$5^50-»Eects $33 per month; 27:0 feet ..front-
age, with three well-built bay-wtndowed
flats of 6-6-7 rooms and bath; perfect
condition: porcelain tubs, gas grates,
•tc. ; In the beautiful -Presidio Heights
district; $30CO bank mortgage can re-
main at 9 percent. . •• * .
$$,500— Rant* $38 SO per month; reduced from.
$10,100 to force sale this week; tbrie>
new - up-to-date \u25a0 flats of 8 rooms and
bath;, every conceivable Improvement ;
cholcaly situated and looking Into the
•Park Panhandle; Market-st.- cars pass
tha door.
$B. SCO — "Rent* $88 per month: choice business
• " " property on Geary st.: not a vacancy In
years; store and two flats of 5 and 8
rooms; very choice neighborhood; right
-In the heart of the Western Addition.
$8,750— Rents $67 per month: 23x120 fee-
fronting on 2 streets: on Grove st.. clo**
to New City Hall; 3 flats 00 one street
and 2 flats on the other.
$3,250— Rents $66 per month; lot 50x137:8
- , feet; on Kaaray st. : 6 u.-«ll-bui;t na>»;
never Idle: same tenants for years: this
' property should bring a higher rental;
. * w °rth:sls P«r flat, or $90 per month.
$B.soo— Rents $97 per month: 10 new flats on
larg** lot: small street, near Third; very
.•-^ eho!c * class ot tenants.
< 13,000— Rents $35 per month; faur flats on
• „. Shipley su, near Fourth.
$I.76o— Rents $13* per month; two good flats
of s and 4 rooms: sanitary plumbins.
.1. ««* et s;* near corn « r of Hydo and Union.
$12.600— Corner on Howard at.. 41 fact front;^
two-story brick building, stores, eto*;T
present low rents are $1410 per annum. '
which can ba increased 25 per cent;
mortgage $7000 can remain. '
$10,000— Rants $100 per month: thre« superb
new up-to-date flats of 6-«-7 rooms and
bath; built by day's work as a perma-
nent Investment: separata basements;
stona steps;- Inclosed porefcw: electrlo
lights, etc;; cost. $8500 to bolld; $3000
bank mortgage, at * per cent: San Jos* -
ava. : very cfcolca residence . nelghbor-
s9,ooo— South of Market business property; few
steps from Sixth at.; larga 3-story
building; store and 4 flats; In fin* con-
dition: never Idle. .. :
$4,650— Three flna well-built, neat. . eteaa and
; attractive. flats of 4 rooms each on on»
of finest renting streets south of "Mar-
ket; close to Sixth and Howard.
$13.500 — Corner on Post »t., near Leavenworth*
three-story \u25a0 building, store and 2 flato.
$15.500— Haye« st: best business block: lot
runs back 120 feet and fronts also on
Ivy aye.: store and flat and cottage.
$8,600— Nearly 33 feet frontaga on main car
line street, only a few steps from Third
»U: well-built 3-story building; 2 stores
and 4 flats. .. «
$13.000 — Grand 30- foot corner on'Bryaat st •
large, well-built build In*. 2 stores and 9
flats: a very caoica business corner In
perfect condition.
\u25a0^ . NELSON. JOHNSON * CO..
203 Montgomery at. Opp. Mills BMg.
SHArNWALD, BTTCXBEB & CO..
213 Montgomery st.
Mills Building.
$8,500 — Larkln st.. corner of Lombard: very
desirable ma>ine view corner; ready to
build on: 25x106, ft. "
18,500— Clinton Park, near Guerrero st. ; tlire*
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents
$52: lot 29x110 ft.
$25,000 — Montgomery aye., near \u25a0 Pacific: 4-
. story brick building: rented low at $143/
per month; 54 feet frontage. A
$13.000— Ninth su. near Howard; two-story^
building renting for $75 per month; no
leases: lot 25x100 ft. The best thing on
the street for the money. . - -
$10.000— Fotsom St.. near 6th: frame, building,
store and 2 flats; rent $61; lot 25x30 ft.
A pick up.
$22,500— Pacific aye.. near Laguna St.; elegant
modern residence; salon parlors. 4 bed-
rooms, billiard room: electric and gas
lighting; modern in every respect; beau-
tiful marine view; lot 23x127 :5U feet;
a bargain.
$B,soo— Pine st.. near Buchanan: fine rest-
dence; 9 rooms and bath: key lot. 2Sx
112:8 ft.
$4,soo— Arlington st. near Natlck; Ingleslde;
•modern residence. 8 rooms and bath;
lot 60x75 ft.
$5,000 — Lyon st. near Golden Gata aye., mod-
ern cottage of 5 rooms and bath; extra
large lot. 50x137:6 ft
$15,000— Ellis st. this, aide of Van Ness aye.:
frame Improvements;, rent about $S5;
lot .27:8x120 ft to rear street; very
1 - ..cheap.. - ,• -1, ~-.a . • . _."'.'\u25a0
$40,50t> — Fourth-st. near Harrison.' 2-story
brick and frame building; one' tenant
pays ?125 month: large lot SlxSO ft:
positively one of the best baraaliu of-
fered considering' the grand future of
* * this street. % -' -*."'-
sso.ooo— Fourth-st. corner, near Harrison: over
10.000 square feet; old improvements; -
no leases: further particulars ' at our
office.
$11.500— Green st.. near Laguna; three beauti-
ful modern flats; brand new; « rooms
and bath each; total rents $110; lot
25x137:6 ft; extraordinary investment:
t positively the best thins in flats on the
market; photograph and full- particu-
lars at this office.
$5,500— Filbert st. near Broderlck: marina
view residence. 7 rooms and bath; ex-
tra large lot; finished basement and
• garagel
$18,500— Taylor st. : a northwest corner, suit-
able for apartment house ~or ' flats;
beautiful marine view; lot 60x102:3 ft:
sl bargain.
$7,000— Pine r st. near Laguna; splendid resi-
dence, 8 rooms and bath: brick founda-
tion: good condition: 23x137:8; .north
nlde of street; a bargain.
$3,000— Vallejo st. near Octavia; two mod-
ern flats: 6 and 7 rooms and bath each:
rents $63; Jot 30x123 ft.: a pick-up.
M5OO — Laxktn Bt. near Pacific: lot 23x30 ft:
cheapest Inside lot on tha market; 9°jA
to close an estate. *•
$3 230 — Pajre st. near Clayton; flna key *»\u25a0>&.
\u25a0 25x112:6 ft: mal-e Offer: must b» sold.
Bltthedale. Mill VaUey.
Prices $250 and'unward.
Easr terms if desired. •
Lots from 60 to 100 ft- frontam-s: well
woodad: beautiful view of the mountain. _
Representative »t the office of tha Mill
Valley and Mount Tamalpals Scenic By. Co.
to show tots" Saturdays and Sundays.
Full particulars at office. *- \u25a0' .•\u25a0-*--. 4
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
SlB and 220 Montgomery st. Mills BMg.
.;• KANE & JAUNET. •
. - 630 Market St.. . Opp. Palaca , Hotel.
SXAP OPEN TO-DAY. - SNAP.
* Reduced. $1500 down, balance cf $2©oO at
$-*5 a month, for this beautiful. 5-room and
bath colonial eotUge: newly tinted, pain tea -
and varnished: must be viewed to be ap-
preciated: only 1 year old: large yard; north
side; 4318 ISth st. above Castro.
* DON'T PAY RENT.
$500 down. . balance same as rent, will
buy the finest little cottage, containing »
parlor fitted with a combination mantel and
folding bed. a dining-room with china closet,
a large kitchen, tiled sink. Inclosed boiler,
etc.; a sunny bedroom and light bathroom:
large lot. 25x1C0 feet: east side of Harper
st eff 30th: the next street to Sanchez:
take Mission and 29th st. cars to Sanchez,
walk 1 block, south.
- BARGAIN.
$1575— A lot on north «tde of 18th st. near
Eureka: 25:10x75 ft.
OPPOSITE A PARK. \u0084-.
$5300— Make an offer: 3 flats: rented for
$600 a year; fine outlook: modern: aete
MartWt - KANE* JAUNET.
«CQ Market St.. Opp. Palace Hotel.
WEISSBEIN BRO3. & CXX
HO M E PROVI D E R S.
616 Sacramento St
If you ara looklnz for a Home, to be paid
for with rent money, see the* two- houses we
ara : now about - completinsr on Twenty-«lxth
r street between Church and Dolores. vThey are
: both -solid , but we can duallcate > them \ , or
i make any changes you suggest. ,. WIU bulM.
for you on any * lot you buy from \u25a0 us> j ap<t -yj,
! can ': select from a great variety, m differ^:
parts of the city, t • " ' *> . " J
Our installment rrices are th« same as
cash:- Interest 6 per cent en deferred payments;
such opportunities are rare." *\u25a0 *- • ' \u25a0
The buildings ara open for Inspection this
afternoon. \u25a0 ' \u25a0 •\u25a0' \u25a0' \u25a0'
WEISSBEIN BRO3. , & CO.; OWNERS.
616 Sacramento st '
Are you In the market for a let to build
en or speculative purposes? If . you are. all
we . ask is a call from you. and a : chance to
quote you prices and term*".' - V W« - have lon
In no leas than ten different localities' ln th*
"Richmond." some in Sunset District." and an
excellent assortment of lots In the .'.'Mission"
warm belt-iHHMPK|MBMBB»^MMM4BMB
We are careful In selection of property, close
buyers, and ' sell pn a \u25a0 small margrtn of . profit.
We handle oor own property only. h«nce you
save i comroirtrtona >by - direct •' dealings. - Wilt
carry ; your account at 8 p«r cent. - .
$12.000— TAYLOR-ST. "corner. Improved with 2
j houses. I'with 10 room? and bath^and n oot-
tage of 4 rooms and basement, with fine nw-
" rineview.Qf bay: if remodeled would 'lelJ
a jrood Jncome^ lot* 27:8x125; S frcntagss. '
Address H. MEYER. 929 Broadway.
D^?l' T^^- al lit be . f0 « c lnyestl Ka«n? Marshall A
, Steams patent fixtures for aoartments acd
cottages. Aronson bMg.. \u25a0S4 Third st
I HAVE IS I lots, blcck 44. City Land Ajwocla^
\l?Hl\ l ?Hl TOake ca3h orr * r - J - SARGENT. . 410
Marßst *t. .V * a " - * . ..•• \u25a0• \u25a0*. -
* 3 ?^°T GREAT bas *n«s* corner: Sixth st • 70x
100; beat lg the district. Box 9514. Ca».'^
;. r %,"fe T 155 'o^ce" R^ 9 TraCt:^ lisr^ :
BEFORE selllnc. lots or blocks . south of O.
G. Park see MABRY McMAHANf 3OT San-
, - some st.
$5.250 — Dupor.t. ' near 'Lombard; three flats
of five and six rooms?, renting for S4S
per month. . , « :
$3.500-— La puna " near Greenwich; substantial
cottage of five, rooms and 'bath::
NEW houses for sale— Nine . elegant homts
from $6000 up; three sunny corners: no flats
or stores will be built In this district: these
homes are all • that money ar.d , skill can
produce; the - architecture is \u25a0.. modern -and
attractive and the interiors ' are being 7 done
by decorators with up-to-date ideas; if . you
are thinking of a home inspect these ;. Clay-
ton st. four blocks, south.- of Halght: .take
Kalght or Ellis et. cars. : transfer, to Mascnlc
aye.. and ride' to : Clayton ; ftnd \u25a0\u25a0 Carl' Bts.
JOHN STIERLEN. owner and \u25a0_ builder." :.;
AN EASY WAY to save $s . ner month" » r--,
Buy a ; lot; in \- the' city - of: Richmond.-^" Just
{\u25a0.cross the bay from San; Francisco,; whereithe
Stardard Oil Company.' Santa Fe Railroad and'
other - large ' corporations are . located; :- electric
cars now running between Oakland ;and-Rlch-
mond. \u25a0 \u25a0.
Send for mars — free. ; •..'-:-.
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY (Inc.),
Crocker Bulldine. "*" S. F. ;
$7OTO — FOR falc. "end 8 room residence on thn
rast . kido '.of *\u25a0 1 st ' aye.," 1 - nr. * Frederick ' st: : *2 •
blcck* Etanyan nt.: old English design : s hard-
- wood floors; everything. latest and up to date; :
. owmr : on \u0084rremlges., rremlges. : HALLETT,--. & -GEE.-;
ONLY ?75 each:2 lots. City Land Association."
THISTLKTONM 272 Sadowa gt,. Ocean ,Vlew.
A COKNER. 75x50,, near Valencia and Market
ets. Address Owner,"' 763 ' Hayes st;
Near railroad depot: Improvements good; rent-
ed for $9Co.per annum. \u25a0 This property is sure
\u25a0 to enhance in value. ;Price $13,000.
.THREE FINE FLATS.
On Guerrero St.; all rented for $60 per month.
Only $060. Will . never be Idle.
HOAG 4 LANSDALE. "' "' :
' \u25a0 : :v< 10S " Mcntyomery Bt. ':. : '• •<
.' •" W. D. BROWN & CO. ;(INC).
203 Montgomery street. ::.'."" Phone Main 3*5C2.
$52,50»-^Slxth-st. transfer corner; 135 ft. front-
age; :: r fine .Improvements': . renting ..for
- . $3000 per year, .at present low. rentals.
$50,000 — South •-. of ; Market. \u25a0 transfer corner; \u25a0 165
; '\u25a0'- ft. ' frontage ; 2 main streets : property . Is
••In line of movement: pays-6 per cent at
\u25a0\u25a0'•- -- '- prSS(»nt. .;';\u25a0•'\u25a0.-. '.'\u25a0 \u25a0- ' :,"
$36,000— Ninth street; , business property. . pay-
,.- ...... Ing < 7; per, cent net; 'close." to Howard
' " street: fine, improvements; large lot. '
$35,0(K) — Larklii street;, business property,
• $20,000 mortgage, at 0 per cent; property
. pays . T . per . cent nat.' -\u25a0
$27.500— Front" st. :- rents $175 per month; one
• : tenant: -brick imD. ' • •\u25a0 ' \u25a0 .
$25. 0 CO —Montgomery rv#;; in best business sec-
> -\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 tlon:- 4-st(jry brick and Iron . Improve-
/WwWte.ments; pays 8 per cent net. \u25a03mf&a/&tsg£ l '
$15,500— 3d-3t. key: lot: 31 it; frontage- close
\u25a0' - to B. P. depot; bargain. " .
$15,000— Close to- City. Hall; ground worth
. $12,600; If raised and store put undei
: would pay . handsomely. \u25a0 . \u25a0 :
: $5,500— Cor. Pacific st; 44 ft. frontage; rents
' -^ $85 per 'month. .'..
$9,2so— Business ; property. Clement st. : beet
section; $80 per month rental.
~ $I,2so— Close ,to . Powell . and . Jackson sts. ; » 3
• ' substantial flats; rents $42 per month.'
VsCalland eee.ua.. Let .us know, what you want
andwe will; try to obtain It for you. . "
' :W.D. BROWN i&CO.aNC).
Phone Main ,3502. \u25a0-.' \
:"- . ' BALDWIN" & STETSON. ".'
• -\u25a0 - 317 Montgomery St.. near Pine. '
RENTS COLLECTED/.
TELEPHONE 'GRANT 137..
City : Agints . of German-American , and Phoenix
. tnd \Hartford Insurance .Companies, v
' •' SECOND-ST. CORNER. \u25a0
$05,000 . -:\ Over \ 24.000 v\. '.. ft. .; on :,f Second
BUSIX-TESS : *:- street ; - manufacturing - site: ther-»
PROPERTY.': is an Increasing -demand for
- '- . . holdings < cast^ of Third st. . ,
BARGAIN! ' ' Beautiful . residence ;of >8r rooms
\u25a0-. :'.-\u25a0'•.•' "••• •;. and ? bath;"- .finished-. : basement:
BARGAlN!! 'niagniflcent view \u25a0 of - ocean »in<l
; - only $70CO: mortgage $4000.,
$7500. ' '. Sacramento 'st.,- 4 flats on' cor-
RKNT \u25a0- : ncr -of small v street near-'FIH-
S7O2," "\u25a0".:' :.more. -\u25a0\u25a0. • - -. . ... *.
POTRERO, 39:6x100; this. Is the cheapest
NEAR ';\u25a0 building, lot' on the Potrero; only
ICTH. \u25a0 $4COO, . ' • - - -\u25a0 \u25a0-; -
$3700. '" . ' '\u25a0,': n•' flats ; on ' north \u25a0 side of •• Shipley
-.RENT :';. • , \u25a0 % >"r." r . St. : , there is big demand for' Fol-"
$366 .-.'\u25a0 . .--'.•\u25a0'": ri > som-st. ; property." \u25a0\u25a0 . : . ; : .
BAIJ3WIN ; & , 317 Montgomery" st.
; i FINE RESIDENCE LOTS : , -.
- --.; ; CLOSE • TO : TOWN. ..
: . ' i^owr prices.
mBS§Gg / i'&^ : < $1600 ito . $2300. :
\u25a0-. . Tha • property; is \u25a0 situated In the 'Western Ad-
dition,"; close , to ! town, on , Dev|sadero and .Wal-
ler.' sts^ : Un ( a" splendid i residential section ; *we
know, of no other: property • In | the Western ~ Ad-",
dltton ! within I the ; same i distance of . the rjUßlness
1 section | for anything ' like the ! price, : on the \u25a0 con- \u25a0
trary. 1 property . double \u25a0 the | distance out : is sell-
ing . f or^ as '\u25a0 much -, or : more ; j, the * Haight-st. r cars
are only; one * block f distant. I the streets are ac»
cepted,- 1 etc. ;*th« lots^M-be sold on 'easy pay-
, mente ito 5 thoae ; who , may .so j desire ; -It- Is safe"
to buy 5 this .' land" t It X will • pay a , good \u25a0 Interest
. to-day lit. Improved: I f>end* for " diagram : | splendid'
viviws ; are : obtained i from ' many ; of j the " lots: - - .
r- •; LYON i fc HOAG.-jjlie.'- Montgomery ; st. : \u0084
$2COO— LEAVENWORTFT j st..* near 5 Pacific: lot
e." and 'J cottage: ? lof worth $2500. y Inquire 112S
•"WalleJo'gt.-'-'-'-.v':"..:- -;'' .:.-' ""-' :-",.\u25a0-; '- ::.,.. -.
PRETTY.' :i sunny,"," new,- 1 ' two-flat ' housje : and
\u25a0"r basemen|t ; J modern. \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0' 23 = Belvedere ' st. . r«>ar
:^-Halght.-r:-:V' >.-/" v - -;.'.':•-\u25a0- .\u25a0 - ,-. .'_".\u25a0
THREKi- e'eeanti 6-room- Gouges, t cor.'. Castro
;- % and *Hill \u25a0 s ts.'; ; Just finished ; cars pass • door: :THE SAN: FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,- AUGUST 20, 1905.
39
$40 j PER "; acre— 6so - acrea t fenced '. and r cross-.
: -fenced; good house, 1 6 rooms ;'*'barnB, 2 milk
' . ' houses, \u25a0 cheese factory,' plenty : wood : and ' wa- '
ter; asnnod'l ranch : 5 miles . from Hayward. ;
- $3200— -6/4 acres In fruit; no Improvements;
'' thla >la good ; Income .property; 515 1 mile ; from
\u25a0' Hayward. ; *":- '\u25a0- " :-.--^.: : \u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0•\u25a0'- ''\u25a0\u25a0"'\u25a0' ,*•;•'\u25a0*."\u25a0 \u25a0-"" ' : : • ;
i ' • r-* $2600—2 'P acres on boulevard ; . houae, r 6 ;
•rooms ;'\u25a0\u25a0 barn;; etc.; .'chickens,'-" horae,^ harness
•-•and cart; 1 mile from Hayward. ":;• '\u25a0\u25a0-:•',\u25a0 \- '
:«'• ;\u25a0;: $1600 — 6- acres, .-. house,' 4 rooms; - barn \u25a0 and
outbuildings; I' wagon, .' aome -chlckena, \u25a0 va-
: rioty of fruits; thla la a-anap;l% -mile* from'
Hayward. ' : ' r- " ' :-" -''- - r \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0: : '"- :; \-"*'\-.'-'.':,-: - : '
\u25a0 \u25a0, . . .-; . • TO. LEASE."' \u25a0
$3 per Acre — 860 acrea ; near thriving town
'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 In Butte County: this .ranch ls^fenoedin-5
fields ; finest : of - wheat : land; : good ; house :of
6. rooms; -large stock .'and hay * barn; ; good
- mill.", tank and tankhouse ; 6 • wella ; on place ;
fin* water; some shade and. fig trees; 4 miles
': from railroad town: good -gravel roads.- •;•"
We have a variety of stock > ranches, large
and small; chicken ranches and homes of all-
descriptiona. All lnqulriea cheerfully 'an-:
\u25a0 Mwered. \u25a0 \u25a0•--\u25a0.* :-~-*-~: -~-*-~ \u25a0.'»\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0<.:•'.'\u25a0' -"- .'..\u25a0\u25a0.
\u25a0\u25a0-••',-.\u25a0-- -VRAM AGE &:ST ANTON, •
Castro at.'.' near A, Hayward,- Cal. :
1 1-6 ACRES 'In town;. house *" rooms;' wood- 1'
house. 4 chicken house*, y good „ well s and •
pump; alao city water for house use; price
;-' $1600. ' - r - '\u25a0.\u25a0-:-.\u25a0\u25a0 :-'V-^.- \u25a0\u25a0 '- \u25a0
5)4 acres fine land on corner -of - four
roads: \u25a0 near town; a positive snap; - prlc* >
$2500. - ; - -"' -\u25a0-.•'..\u25a0 '-- :" " : "-,.-": \u25a0 :\u25a0\u25a0'/ ' \u25a0 -
6 acres;"- 2 acrea fruit: house 4 rooms and
bath- barn, well; mill and tank; . water ' piped
everywhere- 4 chicken houses, . brooder house
and brooders; 324-egg Incubator; farming \ im-
plements; <"200 fine young hens; $3750.
> 10 acres all out to full bearing fruit; house
6 rooms, bath and pantries; well,'-: mill and ,
tank: bam," chicken houses, farming tools, fruit
boxes ; trays, ladders, \u25a0 buckets ; ., 1 acre straw-
berries and irrigating plant for. same: 6 acres
in cherries, balance apricot*, pears and prunes;
great barzaln at $6500. .\u25a0' /•; \u25a0'">-'•\u25a0
11 acres all in . full bearing - fruit; < no : other
Improvements; only $2 60 per, acre. ;
7 acres all in bearing fruit; fin* houae.
barn, mill and tank; $4250. ;. .
Don't fall to call on me. for personal Inspeo-
tlon.- • 'P- WILBERT,. 629 Castro at,
\u25a0'. /.-;\u25a0\u25a0, ; -.-' ;.• ,-..,\u25a0.'-. .» . : ". . Hayward. 7
00 ACRES fin* vegetable, land ; water, available
for Irrigation; 2 miles from Haywards; $226
• .4% acres; aome fruit;. fair buildings: a bar-
gain: $1000; 1 mile from Haywards. :
Apply, to S. D. WARREN. &.SON, Hay-
wards.' ." .-'-'' .__^_^_^_|___^_
'-'\u25a0' SAN MATEO REAL } ESTATBJ.
— — BURLINGAMB — - -
THE ' 'E ASTON • ADDITION* V TO
\u25a0tl} : g-:V-j . BURLING AME— — :-
10 Minutes From -8. P. Co.'s Station.
'\u25a0-Take San Mateo Electrto- Cars to \u25a0•"
: "E ASTON" STATION.
.. :. \u25a0 On the Property. >•.•>-.
Grading and macadamizing of streets, laying
of sewer and water' pipes, curbs. and sidewalks
will be . Immediately undertaken. •- \u25a0 : .-; - ; '; - \^ ",-,.
AT SELLERS' EXPENSE.
\u25a0 -'-'. -. Lots have 50-foot frontage and \u25a0 • \u25a0
. : BACK ON ALLEYS.
* . SALOON • PROHIBITION ;and a
$1500 building restriction will /lnaur* >
this being a-deslrable suburb.- ;.'.
» . -. .LOTS FROM $400 UP. -
- TERMS— SIO DOWN AND
'. \u25a0 ' . $10 A MONTH.
90 Lota Sold First : Two Weeks. .
INVESTIGATE TO-DAY.
SELBY, \u25a0 RODGERS A CO..
' t 116 California at, San Franclaco, . CaL,
-. AND -ON PROPERTY. .. ' . '
BUSINESS PROPERTY. '"
BUSINESS ' PROPERTY, i .
'' BUSINESS PROPERTY.
... . . .._ .. ..-..,-. .... .- . . i -
' IN SAN MATEO. :
' . IN .SAN.: MATEO.
. Th* old Taylor property . located in th*
J heart of'tne town of- San' Mateo haa at last
been put < on the market ' and Second and
Third avenues'' have been | opened through to
the county road." Second avenue will be the
main business street of San Mateo. A rare
chance to secure a business holding In this
growing town at a very low figure: *, Will
' surely double In: value -inside ofa year.
Send for maps and "prices at our city office,
or secure .them . from ..: our agent " on; the
"'ground. ' ' "
HOAG & LANSDALE.' '
108 Montcomery at"' B. F. .
J. * Marley, local ; agent \u25a0 Branch . offtce on
the property.* ' \u25a0 -.'.»•-
u MARIX COUNTY REAL "ESTATE.
CHAPMAN PARK— CORTE MADERA.
VILLA LOTS— HALF- ACRE TO 2 ACRES ••
' Ten minutes'- walk from station \. every con-
venience; pure- spring' water, ; electric lights,
sewers, telephones; superb view of ''mountain
and bay; no fog; sheltered from high" winds.
'. Chapman Park will be one of , the Ideal' resi-
dence sections of Marln I County; our ' building
regulation* are ample protection to every buyer.
; ( ~y« $500. /•""; . .'. '' . .\u25a0„ ..
'•'\u25a0 Sightly half-*er* lots: as low as $500: very
easy terms ; \u0084wel will ' build . for j you I if- desired ;
see this: tract to-day; take 'Sausallto -boat and'
North' Shore electrlo ;i road ' to Cbrte • Madera;
only 45 minutes. .from' San' Francisco;' commu-
tation ' rate," $5 per * month ; •- Office \u25a0at \u25a0 the sta-
tion; agent 'on^the" ground to-day; plats and
price list on : application.' ,V .'£'\u25a0,.'_ ; .".
CHAS.' F." O'BRIEN & CO., 80 Montgomery st.
. MILL yALLE Y , REAL \u25a0; ESTATE. '
WITHOUT a doubt. Mill "Valley la one of San
Francisco's most * charming \u25a0 suburbs; It Is
-growing wonderfully;'; very, beautiful' home*
are being erected; beyond question the lots
we are offering for 'aale 1 directly at the sta-
tion are the best bargains In the market;
grand views of . mountains- and bay; beautl-
ful redwood trees; streets sewered and water
- mains laid; prices range from $300 to $650;
- terms' 10 per < cent cash,- $10 monthly; agent
on tract Sundays.- •\u25a0 :" -i '
••:\u25a0-\u25a0 LYON ' & HOAG, ' 116 ' Montgomery at.
, - BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
. ;._' a LITTLE MORE ..THAJI i RENT
" WILL BUY A : HOMB
mm SANTA FE- TRACT*
ON THE KEY ROUTER-
OAKLAND — — — - — - BERKELEY.
-Cut out and mall this coupon with your nam*
and address If < you are tired of paying rent In'
cramped ' quarters and ' want a•> pretty modern
home on a larg*, roomy lot where flowers grow.
all the year, with all - street work don*, th*
beat achoola. and only 25 to 80 minutes from
San Francisco by the Key. Rout*: "
I AM PAYING RENT, '*.
k I WANT A HOMJB.
If a Good Bargain and on Easy Term*.
'\u0084 SEND ME
PICTURES OF HOMES.
CUT OUT THIS COXSPON
And Bend Zt With Your Nam* and
Address to
• HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT.
, 1000 Broadway. Oakland.
(Call)
BIRDSALL A CRAIO.
M.6T Bhattuck Ay*.. ; at Berkeley Station.
Sightly pleos of property In Claremont Dls-
trict; «pl*ndi4 view; fine shrubbery; about S
acrea at a very moderate prlc*.
Hous* of 8 rooms, block aad a half from'
the Key Rout* station; large lot; flne trees;
modern In every respect Price $3650.
Pretty bungalow In the Cherry, orchard, fac-
ing the south; lot 60x134; Just completed.
Price $3600.
Hay* yon seen ' that house east of Colleg*
ay*. and north of Stuart? Lot sunny, fac-
ing th* south; street work and sidewalks com-
plete: for a few days. at $3500.
VERNON PARK TRACT.
Ther* ar* 12 lots left In this beautiful tract
on the corner of College and Vemon ayes.;
lots 60x166; street work all done; price $1200.
A choice plec* . of business • property \u25a0 for sal*
In the heart of town at a very reasonable
flgur*. -
BIRDS ALL & CRAIG.
2167 Bhattuck Ay*., at Berkeley Station.
WHITNEY TRACT,
- - NOB ' HILL OF BERKELEY.
NOW ON SALE.
: BDATmFUL HILLSIDE LOTS.
UNOBSTRUCTED VIEW.
LARGELY CULTIVATED IN FRUIT TREES.
WILL NOT LAST LONG.
DON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY.
CALL AT- ONCE AND BRING DEPOSIT.
MACDERMOTT & BACHELDER,
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE.
2163 SHATTUCK AVE-., BERKELEY.
. REAL ; EST ATE— COUNTRY--For Sale. ,
C. M. WOOSTER COMPANY'S ATTRACTIVE
.".BARGAINS IN. COUNTRY .LANDS. £. *.
GOOD LAND. • LOW PRICES.
Alfalfa. . Fruit, Vines. Vegetablea and Poultry. \u25a0
Irrigated garden - soil, $30 to $85 an acre;
water right included; Sacramento, Valley land;
alfalfa, corn, cattle : and hogs; easy terms;
catalogue. :'.. . . ; . \u25a0 : .
$7 monthly will .buy 10'. acrea «arly orang*.
land at El Mlrador Heights,' Lindsay, wher*
orange grove* pay $400 an acre net; catalogue.
" $14 14 monthly will purchase 10 acres splen-
did level • land in Santa Clara County; unex-
celled for fruit, vines and poultry; land planted 1
for non-residents; some splendid bargains In
young -vineyards on very easy terms; cata-
logue. '.\u25a0•,•''•.:>."">
$600 — 5 acres; 3 acres in vines; near; depot.'
In Santa Clara County; $50 cjtan. balance easy
terms. ! . ;\u25a0..,- •\u0084--\u25a0,'.\u25a0: \u25a0\u25a0•"•...,.":\u25a0--
$1650 — 80 acres, Napa County; 9 acre* in
olives, \u25a0 family \u25a0• orchard; ' 1500 corda " standing
wood; some fine alfalfa land;- 5-room house;
large barn. .' \u25a0 '\u25a0: ' • - C"-v;-~
$2750 — 15 acres 3 miles from Redwood City;
rolling land; well woodfcd: new. cottage; barn;
spring water piped to buildings;' easy terms. :. \u25a0
$7500 — 30 acres beautifully located In Sonoma
County; full bearing fruit; . modern 8-room
residence; finished: in hard wood; cost $5000;'
4-room cottage; barn and . plenty of purest
water; an . elegant country . home at half its
cost. - '\u25a0- -\u25a0'-', <\u25a0\u25a0? \u25a0- • ' •\u25a0 -- ", :. -c .. ... - it
$16,000 — 76 acres on line of electric road be-
tween San - Jose and . Los Gatos ; \u25a052 acres In
fruit; \u25a0 10-room house; barn . and outbuildings;
1-lnch water right and facilities for .winter and
spring irrigation.
$26 per acre ; 1920 acres In Butte County ; ,
flrst-class land: can all be put under Irrigation;
water right $5 ocr acre. -.'•: - ' \u25a0 -'
$35 per acre; 1920 acres In Colusa County;
flne river bottom land ; flrst-class for ' alfalfa;
good fruit and vine land; two good sUnds of
buildings; very easy terms. -^- •;'\u25a0 • . *'•
$62 50 per acre; 960 acrea • reclaimed > peat
land near Stockton: all under high , state of
cultivation and f now \u25a0 rented for $10 and $12
per acre; Irrigation free; this^ kind' of land
took the prize at the World'a Fair.
SPECIAL. -
$60,000—200 acres : full bearing orchard; 160
acres alfalfa and vegetables; annual income
$30,000 to $35,000; $10,000 worth of hnprove-
ments and personal property; on banks of
Feather River; easy terms. , •
$6 per acre; big stock and - grain ranch;
20,500 acres; 8000 acres of this is choice grain-
land: this is a bargain; will sell whole or part;
railroad and water transportation; typical col-
ony; easy terms.
< . PALO ALTO. . . .
$10 per month; magnificent lota. 60x160 feet;
beautiful live oaks; adjoining • Stanford Uni-
versity; water; street work and sidewalks In-
cluded; matchless property; Illustrated cata-
logue.
. REDWOOD : CITY.
$200 to $450 per acre;- your last chano* to
secure an acre at the price of a town lot; on*,;
two and five acre tracts. ...
We have a large list of general . properties,
large and small. \ throughout California. Cata-
logue-sent free. -
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market at
AN EXPLANATION. .
I am an attorney more than 70 years old
and retired with no office and living alone
in a den. I resided for nearly twenty years
in Santa Rosa, In Sonoma' County, Cal., and
know the State like a book. When I came
to Oakland I sold a few pieces of country
property for my friends and the result Is
I have a- list of more than 200 ranches, large
and small, on my books for sale, in nearly
every county In the State. ; - If you want a
home in California, where winter never
chills, leaves never fade and roses- always
bloom, I have got it for you. I take none
but good places with good Improvements,
such aa I : would want were I buying a home..
They are all near good markets, f schools • and
churches. I owned a farm near- Utlca, . New
York, for twenty-five years and grew small
fruits and other crops and '• made a success
of it I can - advise others better 1 for -the
experience I have had. 1 am getting ' n«w
places on my list and if. you do not. find
what you want on thla list write me -for
others and I will suit you. Tell me where
you want to locate, what you ' want to \ do —
whether raise stock, keep a dairy . or raise
grain., vineyard, fruit ohickens or plgeoiw —
and I can send you direct to the place you
want IRA C. JENKS. 1209 Broadway,. Oak-
land, Cal. .-"\u25a0.- ' "\u25a0 - \u25a0
$4000— ATTRACTIVE little farm of 86 acres;
14 miles from Oakland, on county road to
Walnut Creek; 20, acres rich garden land;
balance upland; splenrtld pasture: 3 acres in
' orchard: well fenced and cross-fenced;
house, 5 rooms,2 good barns, outhouses, eto.;
large, wide spreading nhade trees near house;
creek runs through place; large spring piped
to house and barn; stock and farming tools
as follows: 4 cows, 1 bull, chickens, turkeys,
etc.; 5 tons; of bay, buggy, harrow, hay rake,;
plow, cultivator, harnesses and all small
farming tools; title perfect. ' LLOYD &
, STEIN. 458 9th st. Oakland. " -
$10,000—208 ACREB rich land; 89 acres full
bearing orchard; 19 acres ' alfalfa; .7-room
modern house: brick foundation; . running
" stream: only 60 miles south of San • Fran-
cisco- 7 horses, 1 stallion, 9 cows; income
$5000 to ?5500. Box 9517, Call office. ; •;:
\u25a0$JSOO — 10 ACRES near Sebastopol, at railroad
station; no waste land; 'spring;., small. house;
small barn, full of hay; 350 apple trees; \u25a0%,
acre berries;- 300, chickens; horse, cow,
. wagron, cart harness, all tools : $1000 cash.
A. B. COFFMAN, 1032 Market at. No. 346
$2750— F0R sale; 5 acres best soil; partly ln-
side - city limits; large live oaks; living
stream; city water; . modern new bungalow;
toilet and bath; new stable; bargain. Ad-
dress owner, A. P. FTNEGAN. Santa Cru«,
<Cal. .... \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0---•'-\u25a0 -';-\u25a0,. '
E.ST.ATB. :„ . ; .
FIVE-ROOM ; house,' completely furnlah«4 ; n*w
B j lot.: 60x136; $1800; unfurnished $1400. EL A.
-'TURNER.' 6th ave.,iElmhurat- ; '-• . '.;
REAL ESTATE WANTED-^OIINTBT.
WANTED^-Cottag* ; H ' V to : 2 "~»cres; In \u25a0 nelgh-
. borhood of Kentfleld: must be cheap for cash.
t box : 9434;- Call. ' r ,V- .•:\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0 . v 'j
amwbdaS real estate. V^
; - •:- ;'; NEW HOMES.* V NEW . HOMES. '
'; AT ALL PRICES. '
' IN BEST LOCATIONS ON EASY THRMBI'.
WE- : ARB BELLING BARGAINS, *
GET OUR TERMS. SEE) OUR PROPERTIES.
SEEING IS , BELIEIVINO.
BELOW. WE QUOTE A FEW BARGAINS:
$1600— FJv* 4-room • cottages; modern; fine
location.'' T .\u25a0 ; . .•: , \u25a0 :\u25a0- „\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 . - -::-; • . \u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0;\u25a0. \u25a0
";•\u25a0; $600 — Lot on Clinton ay*. ; a snap. - ,
$2250— Beautiful 6-room cottage; gas and
electricity; a bargain., -
$2260— New < 6-room cottage; lot 81 : 6xll0j
easy. term*. _ ; • . ..- \u0084'-.\u25a0
$2500 — New 5-room bungalow; . Chestnut st ;'
complet*. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'...-': ..'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .: .--
HERE-IS A BARGAIN:
$1250 buys a fin* 4-room cottag*; lot 87x100;
gas and electricity; .must b* sold this week.
$1500 — Fine - 7-room house and' lot; near
trains and . schools.
$2750 — Elegant 6-room cottage and reception
hall; n«w. •' \ ... • . • . \u25a0
$3500— 6-room colonial boas* (latest Improve-
ments; cheap. \u0084. . .-•\u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0 • ':
SPECIAL BARGAINS; COST $6280.
To be sold for $5200; a beautiful 8-room mod-
ern ; home; paneled ; dining-room; mod*m
throughout; large lot; 'fin* location; a snap;
will be sold this week.
.Houses and lots In all parts of Alam*da and
at all .prices. - We guarantee you . a saving.
We assure you the . best posslbl* valu* for
your money. " . ." . * " \u25a0
Homes built rented and ' exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
.. ; 1500 Park. St. \Alameda. r .
. • v - Phone ; Alameda : 490.
"..- . A.- J. TORRES,
MORTON STREET STATION,
; : NARROW G AtTGEs
''\u25a0 $1100 — 7-room house; "lot 26x160.
$1250— 6-room cottage on N. O. R. R. -\
$1750— 7-roora; cottage; lot 60x150. r
$2100— Good 6-room cottage; very central.
$3500— Will buy a swell home of ; 7 rooms on
" Encinal avenue; worth $4600. J
$4600— 8-room hous* on Alameda avenue, cor-
- ncr lot, 45x160; swell neighborhood.. "
$4760 — On San Antonio avenue: modern 9-room
house; choice locality;- lot 45x150. • '
$11,000 — Fine modern up-to-date ,horn* con-
sisting of '10 rooms; beautiful lawn and
flower garden: -large lot 50x217. - .
$15.000 — Will buy one of th* most beautiful
homes In Alameda, situated. on the, beach,
commanding a grand marine view. This
: . beautiful home \u25a0 consists of 10 rooms and
bath, with - a large finished : attlo ; also flne
finished basement -of 4 rooms. If you are
: looking 'for a home and willing to Invest
. the above amount, this la the chano* of a
lifetime. Investigate choice building lota
In all parts of Alameda. Terms cash or
Installment. \u25a0
Don't pay rent — buy on the Installment plan-
save th* rent money.- \u25a0
A. J. TORRES.* '. .
""'\u25a0<..\u25a0 ; Morton Street Station,
• \u25a0\u25a0 . Alameda. -
Office open to-day from 9 to 8.
$2500 — ALMOST new; modern' In every detail;
6-room cottage; on the sunny aide of the
street; near stations and schools; good lo-
r \u25a0 cation; -see it -to-day. \u25a0 . v
$3750 — On the north side of San Antonio aye,,
near : Chestnut • st. - station; a - cottag* al-
. . most new; six rooms;- strictly modern; lot
1 < '••\u25a0-. 40x150; high basement; beautiful lawn.
$1700 — Four-room cottage on lot 50x150; \u25a0 good
buy. Indeed. -- ... •\u25a0 --
: $1200 — Four-room cottage on lot : 33:4x100.
; $1700— Fine elx- room cottage on lot 35x125; on
' Pacific aye. ; sunny side; near Chestnut st
$2750— Eight-room, two-story hous*; Improve-
ments old; on. Broadway; lot 60x150. -
$4000-— On the bay. near Union st; 10t, 64 feet
front; runs into the Bay of San Fran-
cisco; unexcelled : marine view, and on*
.of the few | homes on ' the bay that Is for
: ' sale. ': ''\u25a0 " ".". ' '• \u25a0 •
If you. want to buy, :\u25a0 rent. or sell, your Inter-
est will be -best served by calling on * -
\u25a0HAMMOND &' HAMMOND,* •
The leading and reliable agents, at 1422 Park
at., Alameda. Salesmen In office to-day, from
10 a, m. to 8 p. m.
$1600— 5-ROOM cottage; lot; 60x160; fruit and
flowers ; . a . choice - home ; easy r terms.
$2700— Modern 6-room cottage;'- lot 83:4x160;
$700 caah, balance to suit. ; .
$3500— New, modern; 2-etory hone of 8 rooms;
sanitary plumbing: choice . location; $600
cash, balance . to . suit " j .
." MUST BE SOLD. '
9. choice building lots; good location: Im-
proved street and cement walks; near station
and cars: price from $350 to $600; $25 cash,
balance $10 per month.\ \u25a0' . .. .
* HAWKS & MEHRTENS,
; Cor. Webster and R. R. aye., Alameda. '
A Snap. \u25a0' ' - \u25a0
$1600 — 6-room cottage; bath; patent closets:
city and well water: 8 blocks to both stations:
$300 cash, bal. $20 per mo. Including interest
\u25a0 $2000— 0-large rooms, all modern ; large lot ;
1H blocka to both stations: $300 cash, . balance
$20 per. month; street work all done.
: $2600 — New 6-room cottage; lot 40x110; all
modern and up to date; If you are looking for
a snap "se* this; 2 blocks to' station;; street
work all don*. : 1 •. • ;
$3500 — New 6-room hous* and new barn:
larg* \u25a0 corner lot; '. 3'\u25a0 blocks to both trains;
everything: modern and up to date; flne corner
for a doctor. .
$8500—6 acres, 1% mil** from Haywards: all
In bearing fruit trees; 'will trade for a home
in Berkeley.
$400 — Lot 40x132; street work all done; only
$80 cash. \u25a0'- balance $4 per month; see these be-
fore they are all gone.
$1400— Corn*r, 120x135, in North Berkeley:
If you ar* looking for a anap sea this. -
'Agent for Santa F* ' Tract; come before
they ara all cont.aaainttß9VßWMH|
W.-.C. MORAN, South Berkeley.
HAVE Just subdivided a large ranch In Contra
Cortra County: flne soil: running water; right
on County road: only $100 per -acre.
GEO. W. AUSTIN,
.. 1002 Broadway. Oakland. '
. REAL ESTATE— CITV — FAR. SALE. .
WILLIAM CRANSTON CO.. v
20 : — Post street— — : \—2o\ — 20
TWO CORNERS ON NINTH ST- THAT
MERIT INVESTIGATION. '
One for ifSC.OOO; well improved, with flne
modern ttructure and leased to: good advan-
tage. The other Is close up towards Market; -
contains over .7400 square feet and at small,
expense . can be ' made to - pay a fair " Income. .
There Is nothing better offered in the market
to-day than these two holdings at these prices
Full particulars at office.
$52,500 — A corner near Seventh and Town-
send sts., with spur track facilities;
contains 40,000 square feet and pays 6
p«r cent. ground rent; an elegant ware-
house or factory site.
NEAR THIRD AND FOLSOM STREETS. '
$20.000 — Corner, over 55 by SO, with old im-
provemente; paying $75 a month.
THIRD STREET.
$15,600 — Over 30 by 76, adjoining' an Impor-
tant" corner; . old ' improvements pay $60
per month; will be wanted with the'
corner.
NEAR SECOND AND HOWARD STREETS,
$42,000 — Over SOOO square ; feet, with large
frontage on two streets.
FOURTH STREET. £\u25a0
$87.600— A well Improved holding paying $180
per month net; close to Folsom street
NORTH SIDE % RESIDENCE.
$10,000— A beautiful modern 9-room residence
. on a eunny 30-foot key lot command-
Ing good marine view; close to Vallejo
and Fillmore sts.
CORNER FLATS IN THE MISSION.
$4,500 — 2 splendid flats, 5 and 6 rooms and
bath: renting for $38 a month. Re-
member, it's a corner.' - .v- .-
ANOTHER MISSION CORNER.
$s,ooo— Store and 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms,
paying $49 per month. - This is good.
V 7 \u25a0 CASTRO STREET.
$3,000 — Good two-Btory residence that cost
the owner $4500 five years ago; 6 rooms
and bath. Very anxious to sell.
\u25a0 GUERRERO' STREET.
$4,650 — 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath.
Well worth the price.
STABLE.
$1,600 — Near Sixteenth and Market sts.; stalls
for flve. horses; space for wagons and
large hay loft. Lot alone worth the
price.
BUILDING LOTS.
$5,000—2 lots rear Markej and Noe: ,25 by 120
each ; only a few feet from Market
PARKSIDE.
. PARKSIDE.
PARKSIDE. .
"We have about forty, lots for sale as a
whole or separately In th« new Park9ide Dis-
trict They ar« all below S st. and the enor-
mous amount of money bemg expended by the
ParkEide Realty Company for bituminlzinj?
streets, putting, in water, gas and electricity,
etc., together with the fact that there la. to
be a car line through the aistrict, guarantees
a. value cf $500 per lot in the very near fu-
ture. Our price will be gladly given at office.
WE HAVE . SEVERAL ENTIRB BLOCKS
IN THIS DISTRICT. INQUIRE AT OFFICE.
WM. CRANSTON CO.,
20 -Post Street- 20
FOR sale— 3 loti. on View aye., between 22d
. and El Dorado, and 2on Falcon. $2000. Call
26 7th st ' -
COTTAGE; 4 and 6 rooms; terms same as rent
Apply owner, lumber yard, corner Army and
Condon sts. \u25a0 \u25a0
REAL ESTATE— -COUJfTRY — For Sale.
;__-. -WHITE' COMPANY.
Successors I to
WHITE & B AYLEY.
$1600 25 acres, • 3 miles 2 towns, Sonoma
County: 15 acrea, almost level; 10 on hillside;
flne oak trees; 2 wells; creek; flne soil; 2 acres
orchard; modern 5-room cottage, large barn:
6 poultry houses and yards; brooder-house;
fenced 4 fields; cow, farming tools; all build-
ings and utensils new; all cash.
JJ7S0 — 10 acres near Sebastopol In berries
and fruit: house, barn, outbuildings; close
to electric earn; only $750 down.
$200 down — 160 acrea. 2' miles' Anderson;
mam road; flne soil, rolling-; some oaks; fruit
trees; old improvements; $t>oo.
$3000 — 5 acres, 20 minutes' walk of depot.
Redwood City; good- 6-room house, brooder-
house, capacity •' 1000; incubator houses; good
well; 3 acres orchard; easy terms.
$3500 — Fine corner at Callstoga; level black
lof.m, 4 acres; modern 6-room and bath resi-
dence, stable, corrals, poultry houses and.
yards- Bank of Callstoga offers to lend $2500.
\u25a0 $3500 — SO acres, CO miles city; 10 acres full
bearing vineyard;- 3 acres choice fruit; 58 acres
h«-avy crop grain; 4-room cottage, large barn,
full of hay; poultry and: brooder houses;
Tagon, \u25a0 buggy, harness, span pood horses,
tools: all level; crop goes if taken quick.
$4500 — 114 acres near San Joee, foothill land;
flne soil large tareily orchard ; all in fine crop
of «raln: house, barn and necessary outbuild-
ings; water piped to building's; only $500 down;
you pay for making out the papers.
$4500 — 173 acrts, 3 miles ol Haywards; roll-
ing and half under " cultivation;'. neat 6-room
house- large barn: well fenced and cross-
fenced: water piped to buildings; near' school;
part cash.
$35,000 — Best' equipped dairy In Oregon; 1000
acres flne soil; 100 acres bottom In alfalfa;
every foot grain land; 4 acres orchard; 2 hard
finished dwellings; large stable for horses;
barn and sheds for cattle; several hundred
tons hay; 118 nne milch cows, 35 heifers, etc;
14 horses and harness, farm wagons, milk
wagons, tools; Income $14,000 a year; $10,00u
down; 2 milPO of town.
Send stamp f cr large > Printed List.
26 Montgomery st, room 8.
.'.'-•\u25a0*/' Property Exchange a Specialty.
FOR Sale^ — Brick hotel building of 26 rooms, lo-
cated in enterprising Point Richmond; a flne
chance for an experienced hotel-keeper. W.
N. RUSBELL, 301 California at. San Fran-
cisco,* Cal. .-' • ' - ! .'\u25a0-'.
PALO ALTO REAL ESTATE.
FOR the best list of country property, farms,
fruit and poultry ranches, stock ranches, al-
" falfa and timber lands send for catalogue.
ROTHERMEL & CO., 507 California st .
FOR Bale > or rent — 9-room . furnished house;
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 602 Waverly st, corner Hamilton aye., Palo
Alto. Apply at . house : or \u25a0F. L. \u25a0 PRITCH-
ARD, 14 Market at.,' S.- F. \u25a0" .- .\u25a0\u25a0-:
BEBKELEY ADYEBT ? S y NTS
..BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
YOU
,'.CAN-
AFFORD
BSRKELEY.
\u25a0'A'KSAT COTTAGB FOR
* $2250.
Don't let th* expense keep you" from novta*
from San Francisco to Berkeley. It will cost
you less to live her* than there, Grocerte* ar*
cheaper, meats are cheaper and th* " other
household necessities can b* bought . for \u25a0 th*
same prlc* or less.
What's more, you can buy a hou** aad lot
tn Berkeley at a very larg* saving and pay for
It on th* easy Installment plan. too.
Here's ampl* proof, and our of flc* file con-
tains m&ay mar* as good examples.
: A'JTEAT COTTAGB FOR $3330.
This cottage contains 5 pleasant rooms; t$
stands on a lot 34x135 and Is in a district eon*
venient to both th* Key Rout* and South*rn
Pacific stations. \u25a0
A NORTH BERKELEY BUNGALOW FOR
$2900.
This Is a bungalow well worth $3900; It con-
tains 6 rooms, several of which ara attractively
paneled tn wood; North Berkeley station is
sear and th* elevation Is sufficient to glv* a
fin* outlook; the price quoted Is a special on*
for this month only. '
AN ATTRACTIVE HOMESTEAD FOR $3900.
Large rooms. 6 of them; a* lot 60x153, la!4 -
oat in lawn and fruit and flower gardens, and
a fin* view.' are the features that mak* this
homestead particularly attractive.
A HOUSE JUST COMPLETED FOR $3850.
This house Is modern in every respect con-
venient wall built and attractively finished.
It stands -on th* proposed extension of th*
Grove-et car line and will materially tncreaj*
In valua when that work Is don*.
A HOUSE ON REMARKABLY BAST TBRM3.
.Though the neighborhood is quiet this houa*
Is very convenient to Ashby station and 1* par-
ticularly suitable for a San Francisco business
man; It contains 7 rooms and occupies a splen-
did corner lot: price $4200; terms to suit you.
A RESIDENCE IN BERKELEY'S CHOICEST
SECTION FOR $4250.
This colonial residence Is In. th* heart of
Berkeley's choicest section, north of Derby
at and east of Telegraph aye; the lot Is a
roomy one. 50x134:6, and li prettily laid out
The owner has been asking SiSOu. but w* hava
Just secured a contract on It at th* pric*
named above.
MASON-MeDUFFIE COMPANT.
BERKELEY.
Shattuck aye. Center st
F. H. LAWTON & CO..
Real Estate and Fire Insurance.
2147 Center St.
$7000 — New 9-room house, south of Dwight way
on Piedmont aye.; corner lot; fine loca-
tion and eleirant view.
$5000 — A splendid modern 7-room house, with
exceptional conveniences: basement, flow-
ers, lawn; bearing fruit trees and berrlas;
lot 50x159 feet, situate on Hlllegase ay*..
• • "north of Derby.
$2600 — 6-room. new house, on a nice street.
• close to* high school and Key Route; $250
cash, balance $25 per month.
$2150 — 4-room. new house: modern: near K*y
Route;: north of Ashby; a bargain.
$1600— Fin* lot on Berry-Bangs; 50x140 feet
$975 — Lot 50x130, Vair View Park; $225; un-
der . market: Berry-Bangs lots unsold;
will be raised October 1. A few good ones
left. :
F. -11. I.AWTON A CO..
2147 Center street Berkeley. C*l. \u25a0
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR A GOOD LOT?
A. lot that can be bought on easy terms,
with all the street work complete, and within 4
two blocks of the Key route and one of . tha
electric cars? If so we have some beauties
for $750 and $SOO.
Corners from $1025 to $1350.
"
; $1200 to $1700 — Some magnificent - lota north
of Dwight way and east of Piedmont
. -.*•" These lots command an unobstructed
view of the bay.
$2960 — Fin* 6-room -cottage of exceptional
value near Dwight way station.
$3400 — New 6-room house; good lot; flne loca-
tion: easy terms.
$4800 — Elegant 8-room house east .of Tele-
graph aye.. near Dwight way; lot 40x133;
terms."
$7250 — A bargain for this week only; elegant
8-room house:, lot 50xi20, on on* of th*
finest northwest corners In Berkeley.
This Is a new house and could not b*
duplicated for the price.
JUSTER A BAIRD. 2137 Shattuck Ay*.
WHAT A SNAPt I
$2460 — A 7-room houee In North Berkeley;
west frontaare: the best view.
W. J. MORTIMER A CO..
2123 Center St.
. Berkeley Station.
s-ROOM cottage; : lot j £0x200; near Park . at,
'Santa Clara aye. SJi ..". . .-. :. ,•
'6-room house: lot 80x150; flne location; $3800.
\u25a0 7-room house; 2-etory; lot 80x160; $900. ' "
. New 6-room cottage; grand place; $2800.
-A fine large 6-room cottage; larg* baa*'
ment; $2250. - .
- Fine modern two 6-room flats; nearly new;
one block from Park st. ; $4500. \u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0* .
6-room \u25a0 shingle bungalow; one block from
Park st; $2500/ - - -
' 6-room nearly new : shingle bungalow; north
aide street ; one block f rora \u25a0. Park at ; ' $2700.
: , G. L.' LEWIS, 1516: Park at. •
ALFALFA irrigated lands, $26 5 per acre; $1
down, $1 month: no Interest: call or write
for pamphlets. 1 INDEX LAND AND BOND
CO., 907 Kohl bid., cor. Cal. and Monty. ata.
ALL homesoekers should visit the rooms of
the Homeseekers* Club or send for free book-
let. Rooms 1247-1249 James Flood bldg, S.-F.
MENLO 40 acres, $20,000; can subdtvid*; want
city realty: describe. Box 9250. Call office.
ALFALFA land with water, $12 60. acr*. PA-
CIFIC HOME BUILDING C 0. ,; 11 Montgry.
Poultry ranches." Write to J. W. Horn Co., Pet-
" aluma, for free copy of Sonoma Co. bargains.
THW greatest bargains ever. offered In Alamo-
' da; swell cottage, 6 rooms; electric lights;
'fine lot; 1 block of station and school.
• 2-story house of, 7- rooms; lot 45x150; near
. achool- and Btatlon; $2760. -, ' .-. ". • '
- ". Business corner for ! sale; stores and flats:
now ; rented to good tenants; Income $54 60 per
month; a great bargain at $6000; Investigate
at once. " ..' " .\u25a0. \u25a0 -..' " \u25a0 .
The only water front In Alameda. for sal*:
. the finest place on the bay; 230 feet sandy
beach for building. — ~ . . -
CHAS. ADAMS A CO.,
\u25a0 \u25a0 Bay . station, ; Alameda, Cal. ,
$60 CASH and $85 per. monthi new cottage. 6
rooms 1 lot 33x156; 8 lota. 80x165, $300 each t
$26 cash and $10 per month. „* J.H. TOUNO.
, owner. 1 1248 Park at, Ala,
SELL easy - terms ; modern 6-room cottag*: de-
sirable location. Call 634 Lyon st, 8. T.
REAL" ESTATE- TO EXCHANGE.
CASTLE, : PAYNE . A . McLEOD (Ina),
i r.v 847;Buah at; and 8182 22d at •
$2750— New \u25a0 hous* of 6 rooms and . ba.th, . with
elegant fixtures; not far. from Mission st;
will exohange for 1 vacant • lots. .' \ 1
$7000—3 elegant new flats renting for $840, per
1 annum. • lot '\u25a0 Is . 25x100; on N W. " corner In
Mission; .will for cottage" In
Berkeley, or Alameda; mortgage of $3000
\u25a0\u25a0. at 6 percent can be assumed. . »
$1400— 15 ACRES; pretty and most desirable for
a' country u hom*j .all; fenced::: 'B acres In
prunes; all can be cultivated; 'clear; no mort-
gage; title perfect, and guaranteed; will ac-
' cept easy terms of payment, or exchange for
property. about Oakland; big discount for all
caah. " ' ;..,»--. . ; :
16 * acres In Tular* County; dear; will trad*
for aa ' equity and assume mortgage. \u25a0
. '\u0084 GEORGE W. AUSTIN, .< -.~
i - -;\u25a0• 1002 Broadway, : Oakland. '\u25a0 . . .: .
• IMPROVED business property In „ Oakland,
value $27,000; also 10 ' cottages,- value $15,-
000;' all clear and • unlncumbered ; : will , ex-
change for grain •• or \u25a0 pasture . lands within
60 - . miles of San I Francisco. GILBERT
\u25a0\u25a0-. \u25a0\u25a0 WYM AN, ; Twenty-seventh - aye. and : East
\u25a0 Sixteenth st ,"\u25a0 Froltvale. ; i, phone Brook 123.
IF you have . any, , property . you wish to ex-
change," remember we ; make that a specialty
, and have a flne list ' all dear to select \u25a0 from.
. Price from $100 to $50,000. What. have you?
Real EBtate, Exchange, v room : 112 -Bacon
' ' block. Oakland, y ".:- ,' , \u25a0 j.: : '
FINE business property; $11,000 new building:"
will exchange for fruit ranch near San. Jose,
•* same value •or : lesa : ;. contains 6;\u25a0 flats • and 3
. stores ; good Income. .- GEORGE- W. 1 AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.- /..
$14,000 ; WORTH •of \ furniture to • exohange for
- ranch ' property; ; must be i clear ; from- lncum-
: brance>P. C. LASSEN A CO., 466 Tenth
st. , Oakland. Cal.. .: : 'v^- ..:::-", •-;\u25a0 .,.:',.' -."-" :...;'
LEADING hardware store ; ; trade for hardware
\u25a0 or clear property In . or neari San * Francisco.
Hardware Co.. Denver, Colo.: ; :
FOUR,', five, £ six i and i room i houses'* to ex-
>" ; change . for lota 'or Mand.-s.-.- P. - C. ', LASSEN \u25a0
•; A CO.;- 466 10th \u25a0 sty Oakland. ; Cal. - t y ; \u25a0
CORNER lot with 2 flats,*, near. Berkeley, Unl-
1 versity; I rents • $50; \ for; sale i or . exchange for
:'.;Clty a property. J^723 Capp st.'v ::>;;..',•„% v i-':-. •
FOR exchange— Oakland cottages • for ' Los 'An-
• geles ;• city ; property. • >.W. ; ; MATTHEWS, '\u25a0 632
:Marketst.'hroom-23., '.";•'-:*.; -.";\u25a0;\u25a0 -',\u25a0,;
FOR sale *or \ exchange — 2 ;. flne - lota '< In , Rich-
mond; .Box 9202.; Ca11.''- \u25a0''\u25a0\u25a0-'.". .".' ' ' :•\u25a0*-:
A -WEEK'S news for 6 cents-^-The. Weekly Call,
- . ,\u25a0 16 i pagei?; In wrapper.' for mailing.- $1 per year. '
- ; ... \u25a0reai;'estate: : wanted;:: i ;. : ;/;;
WANTED— SmaII \u25a0'• cottage; "£ not "j more 'I than
:-'- $1800: -: aunuy f side ' of r street " preferred. > H.-'
'\u25a0•'.QRAtji 663 15th \u25a0; St.; J Oakland. J .-.. - ... ' , "
WANTED-=-Large lot : In Oakland or" Fruitvaie;
\u25a0' $50 down t and i $10 f per * month, vr H. ; E. G.,<
; ";» postof fleer box Oakland. - ; • '\u25a0: ...-,.» v
WANTED — Nlce'Vnome't In "Oakland: -about
$4500. . r F. ,-. SNOWDEN. 1 628 - Merrlmac St.,
ri.Oakland- -.:'.---.\u25a0.. .."' :--'i- \u25a0..:.''-'-:;-'\u25a0\u25a0: \u25a0' "- -.-\u25a0\u25a0 '.:\u25a0 './-.•^'
W ANTED^-Two or .1 three '; acres ?in '*\u25a0 Frul tvale
\u25a0 or.- Elmhurst \ to ' lease •or purchase.' 'Address '
!>"' 8,*.788 i Poat St.", V ."•''\u25a0/.•: \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 V ::\ -. :--'; \u25a0-:. .' - -?..;
WANTED — Good ", Income i property/ vW. J.":
' MORGAN^ A % CO.. ~ Investment ;> Bankers. 79
'-,4 New.; Montiromery 4 st: '.OiYr ; : r :\u25a0-:>\u25a0..''«•.\u25a0; \u25a0:-';.\u25a0,- : : ; *
TO buy cottage or, flat,' Western Addition : state I
; , ; \u25a0: Xocatldn, tK terma. priot. Box 9241, Call. : v =
8. M. DODGE A BON..
\u25a0'2113 Shattuck aye., Berkeley.
Inspect This Horn* To-day (Sunday.)
$4000 — This Is a horn* well worth looking at
It was built with the \u25a0 greatest of care and
no doubt it will please you; contains seven
- pleasant rooms, plenty of sun and r light:
nicely .finished throughout: overlooks San
Francisco and the Golden Gate; grand view:
6% . blocks to university entrance. Come
over this afternoon. . The house will be
open and an attendant to show you through
It Take Euclid avenue car at Berkeley
' station . and ride to the end, then walk \u25a0 one
' block - north, . one block east and . then turn
< toward : th* north again; on west >" side of
Le Roy aye.', first house north of Cedar st..
: North Berkeley. If you are unabl* to come
to-day, coma Monday to our office and we
will take you up there. ..
- 8. M. DODGE- A SON.,
2113 Shattuck aye.. Berkeley. .
FOR ALL KINDS OF REAL ESTATE
DO NOT FAIL TO SEE
, . • E. ; L. . CORYELL " CO. *
GALL, -WRITE OR PHONE.
Lot on Grove st," three blocks from station;
all street work done; $750 ($340 cash).:
>\u25a0 Lot *on Spruce • st. - west frontage; splendid
view; $1100 ($4OO cash).
. Lot 40x135 • feet: - Berry- Bangs Tract; one-
half block from Telegraph aye.; $1100 ($350
cash). \u25a0:-.-\u25a0 '"•\u25a0'• : ." \u25a0 \u25a0
Thro* lots on Hlllegass ay*., 40x120 ft.
$800 each. -
'Good Ashby-ave. coraer, 80x100. with 6-
room hous* : $6000; this property Is In the
heart of a business district wher* values are
advancing rapidly. ; \u25a0 '\u25a0 ' ' '
Let us show you some splendid oreer lota
! In th* Potrter Tract at . start-off prices: easy
1 payments. '•
hoes* on Bancroft way; lot 75x180;
! splendid location: must b* seen to b* appre-
ciated; a good boy.
i aii CORYELL CO..
Rooms 801-808 First National Bank bldg.,
, . Phon* North 92. P. O. box 03.
A FEW-BPBCIALB. . ' ' ,
$1660 — Cottag* 5 rooms, bath," toilet, •**Lj ot
86x80; cash $360. <2073>
$2200— New ' bungalow; 4 good rooms, bath,
pantry, toilet: city water: electric light;
\u25a0 " paneled *' parlor; klinker brick mantel ;
. larg* rustic porch; lot 35x95: street
- work don* and cement walks laid.
\u25a0 (2068)
$2550— New bungalow, 6 rooms., bath ate.; lot
- 87:6x185; Improved street. (2091)
$2T6o— New 2-story house,; 6 rooms; eJose to
•'^ 'T*legraph av*.~: cash $500. - (1985)
$4000 Two-etory house. 10 rooms, high' base-
- - ment; "electric 'lights: : large barn; ,fln*
comer; 60x120; all street work don* and
cement walks: two: minutes to Ashby
•. station. ' ' '. , (2074)
$4200— An elegant home;. B rooms; larg* hall,
bath. ' pantry, etc. : hardwood floors ; tlnt-
\u25a0 ed walls: choice: corner: lot: both streets
!.! • Improved; \u25a0 convenient to station. ~ ; (2099)
-. i- \u25a0 ... H. D. i IRWIN. Lorin Station.
7- WARREN CHENEY *CO.. I T~
"Real Estate. \u25a0'. • - Insurance.
Agents for Berkeley Home Building Association
We have a large list of the. best property tn
Berkeley: for. sale and rent: no trouble to show
property or answer inquiries. f^teJ'"Ma±BlmTTifTf
- .' \u0084 \u25a0 : INVESTMENT. -
\u25a0-2 houses; 5 and .6' rooms; rents for $39 per
month: close to Berkeley station; pric* $3750. "
":^^SO-M-omer ' house . of :8 rooms; new; good
location; terms.'- * :'
. < $2000— Bungalow; 5 ' rooms; ' corner lot, 36x
122: must sell.: •
- $10 (Sown and $10 j per month , buys a lot In
Peralta" Park.-: \u25a0"\u25a0".\u25a0-'-- "\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 -v' : ': -~s •
WARREN CHENEY. & CO..
\u25a0if - J '-;«.'. -f 2082 .Center at.; \u25a0?.\u25a0..'.!;•'
First National Bank Building. Berkeley Station
TTNE home cf 5 acres; goodhouse and stable;
' • orchard . and '• flne . garden ; can be subdi vlded
'~* If ,' desired : • tn ; Claremont; near * car. line; - a
.-\u25a0bargain.' .:'\u25a0.-.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0' '--'\u25a0 :• \u25a0
; A . few i more • lots in the Colby Tract on
- easy-terms. • ' \u25a0' ' r '-\u25a0 \u25a0 :
':< • .- LITTLE &.WOOLSET.
j:,: 2110 "\u25a0 Bhattuck . aye.. , Berkeley. ; CaL
M.' P.\W."ALBEE^-Real' Estate— Complete list.
\u25a0 . Bargains \ In ' houses. " lots and business \u25a0; prop-
' -J eitj- all <\u25a0 parts of j Berkeley— 700 \u25a0 always get
- . lowest prices ; - are pleased *to show you prop-
arty: furnished and unfurnished houses for
-' rent ' SIM Center it^ B*rk*l«y. •\u25a0' -
If you want a ranch of any size call on
us. Our prices are .20 per cent lower than
others and we "never" send you on a "wild
goose, chase."
SOME SNAPS IN THE PAJARO VALLEY.
$900 this week takes 5 acres of the richest
level bottom land near Watsonvllle, 2 miles
from station; good 6-room house, without
buildings; all alfalfa land. Look this up
quick. •\u25a0•-•-- \u25a0":-'. ' . >
SPLENDID ROADHOUSE SITE.
$2000 — Thirty acres, . some ' orchard; corner
three main "heavily traveled roads; no road-
house 8 miles either side; no better location
In the State. -
EXTRA 6PECIAL SNAP.
$3750 takes 41 acres richest loam soil; 17
acres full bearing apples; good painted house
with basement: outbuildings, 2 horses, 2
wagons and all implements; water In abun-
dance; this place has been held until this
week at $5000. but owing to domestio troubles
owner Is forcing a saJe Immediately. ,
20,600- acres In Sacramento Valley, 9 miles
from county seat; R. R. and water transpor-
tation; only $6 an acre; $1 down; will sub-
divide.
If you want anything In the Pajaro Valley,
which is the richest valley In the State, no
Irrigation, no . malaria, no heat and no cold,
drop us a line.
BURR-PADDON COMPANY.
40 Mongomery St., San. Francisco, Cal.
AAA — "OUR PRICES" on ranches ar* lower
than anywhere else because we do not add
huge commissions on to the owner's price;
\u25a0we only handle places we "know" to be
good; we "never" misrepresent a plaoe; see
us and save 20 per cr.nt; Santa Cruz County
lands a specialty. BURR-PADDON CO., 40
Montgomery st. San Francisco, Cal.
CHICKEN.* berry, vineyard, orchard land, Im-
proved and unimproved, 10 acres, $1650; vine-
yard, 15 acres, $1900; vineyard and berries,"
10 acres, new house, $1850; subdivision large
tract $100 acre.- 5 acres' up; suitable for
berries, vines, chickens; buy direct of owners
and save commission; no adobe, all sandy
loam; rural delivery, the home of the hen;
on electric R. R.,, ; near Petaluma and. Se-
bastopol; get off at Hessel station; come and
ccc: easy, terms. CHAS. GLOECKNER, Se-
bastopol postofflce.
700 ACRES— SI2,OOO; half mile NW. of Beth-
any, San Joaquln Co. ; bounded N. by Old
River, on W. by canal; landing on place; R.
R. station half mi1e:. 350 acres No. 1 grain
and hay; land will average 8^ tons hay on
summer fallow and 20 sks barley on winter
sown land; can be irrigated, at small cost;
350 acres river bottom, partly overflow; can
be reclaimed; used now as pasture ; for 100
head cattle; fenced; no other improvements;
will sell half if desired; terms cash. Write
MOURNIAN BROS.. Bethany. Cal. .
NAPA VALLEY — 47 acres of the finest land;
all level; creek running water through - the
land; good well: windmill, .tankhouse, 1 2000-
gallon tank; 6 acres in good bearing vine-
yard; 6 acres In young vines, first year crop;
family, orchard; balance- in grain, .alfalfa
. and - corn; -farming- implements and cooper-
age; good 9-room houee, stable, ; barn, horses,
cows, chickene, wagons, buggy,: etc. .JO-
KEPH STR^UB. C3Q- Market st.'S. F. '
$S5O0 — 20- ACRE ' U-year-old . orange '< grove; -.will
be. worth $20,000 in four years; : 1600 trees.
1200 late Valencia*; good buildings; perfect
irrigation system; abundant water supply:
schools, churches. r < towns, . R. R. : and electric
cars ; unsurpassed soil . and . climate; /choicest
spot In' Southern California; best of reasons
for \u25a0 Belling; \u25a0 owner in town this week; no
agents. Box 9240, Call office. »
80 ACRES of fine land In Oregon, with 3 good
springs: < 28 acres- in cultivation; all under
fence; has a good house and barn and 'a fine
young orchard and •in a very healthy loca-
tion: good school \u25a0 and church ; near j by.- ; . For
'• further : particulars • write or \u25a0\u25a0 call and . see
KAOLAND &«VELASZCO,' box 454, Grass
'. Valley." Cat..::' \u25a0"-.. ." -- ' -•:\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 -. \u25a0.:-,'. \u25a0'. ' : "... " \u25a0.;
CALIFORNIA land ;: alfalfa, corn, : fruit, vines,
train stock, 'suburban," moderate terms, cata-
logues free. CM. yWooster Co.. C4B ; Market-
OOOD farm.": 163 acres.T 3 miles . from Oakland ;
per acre. > GILBERT ,W YM AN, 27th aye!
and East 10th." Fruitvaie, Cal. '„ Tel.; Brook 123..
MISSION Real Estate.
D. COFFIN. 252S Mission et. bet 21st-22d.
$0200 — Fine hous* of 7 rooms and bath; lot
155x114 ft.
JiTOi.» — Cottage of 4 rooms; large lot; on
Earrison at
\u25a0 12<V>> — Modern cottage of & rooms and bath;
en Harrison et. near 22d.
$2300 — 2-story house on Rutledge st, - 6
rooms and bath; driveway to stable; can easily
be made Into flats.
$1300—2 lots, 50x100, on York st; a bar-
gain.
$6500— 2-etory house of .7 rooms aad bath;
lacing sew Mission Park; finest view In the
city; Dolores st. near Liberty. \u25a0>.»/
D. COFFIN. 2528 Mission et. bet. 21st and
\u25a0Vt2dr makes a specialty of Mission property.
IT. R. BAUL A CO.. 622 Clement St.. bet 6th
and "th ayes., Richmond District
$9000 — Income $90 a month; 2 new stores and
flat on Clement st; secured lease for 5
years. This property Is new and. modern;
pays 12 per cent
$S2ro— s7so cash, balanc* $35 a month; aew
modern cottage. 650 Bth aye.. consists
of 6 rooms, ' bath and basement, and all
modern improvements; lot . 20x120 ft
This property is worth $37r-0; 5 car lines
within 8 blocks. Run out and see this
to-day. Owner on premises all day.
$900 *ach. Be quick and avoid the rush: 2
lots on 10th aye., near Clement. 20x120
•aeh. They are only worth $1100 each.
' An exceptionally good buy.
Call and se* us and our bargains. We build
to suit on easy terms.
3. R. BMXTts A CO.. 622 Clement st, bet 6th
and 7th ayes.
BLOCKS and lots sooth of park.
Aejaeact t* Parkrtd*.
r , — — —
Tbs new marln* view resldeno* district.
I- . \u25a0* - \u0084 ™ "T^""T
Vatoea will b* more than doobl* m a few
R J. HOOPER, 26 Montgomery st
CELLING BEAT THE BAND.
ONLY $1 25 A WEEK.
$275 — Elegant level building lots, close to
school' fine car service on Mission et; cream
of the' Excelsior Homestead;, stop paying ,rent
and raise the baby where the ozone is not
polluted with smoke and dust to say nothing
cf the deadly microbe: no Interest and no taxes.
-*»COLDEX GATE PARK LOTS. -
f ONLY $10 A MONTH
$400— For finely located lots 3 blocks couth
of the r>a.rk; electric car eervice , unexcelled;
enhancine in value with every stroke of the
dock: buy now., next week may be too late:
•'Nit Goodwin" is not the only man that ap-
preciates this beautiful section; no taxes. .
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
2C Montgomery £tre«>t. Room 8.
$SSO— CHEAPEST business corner In Point
Richmond: NW cor., let and Bissell aye.'. 60
xll2: owner must sell; lot Is . well worth.
$1200; will sen { O r $1500 before 1 year. Par-
ticulars J. W. LAYMANCE, 632 Market
str«*t- • .
Is4ooI $400 DOWN — Monthly payments; new 4-room
cottage; porcelain bath: clothes, and china ;
closets; laundry; brick foundation: one block
G*ary cars. Richmond: $2000. W. J. WHITE
CO.. 20 Montgomery st., room 8. '.V ' '
$IC23— CORNER lot/ 00x100; Clement st
*iSCO— 15 lots. OCEAN VIEW; nice. view.
f.Sft-BEACH LOT: 45th aye.. nr. I & park.
$3W — Pariiside; tin* lote. nr. car* '.buy. now. -
H. E. HOEHLMAN. 304 Montgomery st.
A 5-ROOM new cottace. with bath, pantry,
etc: will eel! at a barzain or will rent'to
* reliable tenant. THISTLETON 272 Sadowa
Ft.. Ocean. View.
BARGAIN— Handsome modern 14-rocm ' house
a £, d £Lrnlture<L rnIture< * 7uo °- Particulars,, address
\u25a0 1 ,4230 Twentieth tt . >
eate — Chear>, modern house and flats. •
- Inquire at 4045 Nineteenth at. ,:;.\u25a0'
FREE— Our booklet on plumblne; write AHL-
BACH A MAYER, plumbers. S3G Howard st'
BURR-PADDON COMPANY.
HEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
A. J. RICH & CO.. REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
112 Montgomery Street
$&5.500 — Mission et.. a fine new six-story
building, well leased; paying a flne revenue;
call immediately ac this opportunity will be ;
taken up in quick order. . .
$55.000— McAllister and Fillmore sts.. corner;
62:6x57:6; transfer point; improvements con-
sists of 3 etores and 6 flats; rayinsji
revenue of f321 50 per month; this Is one
of the beet investments on Fillmore street
$Z5.000 — Reduced to JS2.ooo— for an immediate
•ale; an elegant corner residence on Broad-
\u25a0*\u25a0*}-, coatalnins 14 rooms and bathe; every-
thing first-class and up-to-date; large lot
68:9x037:6. . .
$40.000— Presidio Heights corner: large lot
commanding an unobstructed marine view;
unsurpassed location for a fine residence.
M 5.000 — Fourth st Investment; near Mission
\u25a0*-; l»rge lot; improvements well rented;
mortgage of $26,000 can remain.
#45.000— Drumm st. downtown corner; 60x60;
paying a good rent; under lease; commands
an Important realty position and is a very
valuable parcel to secure.
#67.600^ — For a few days only, -an Inside cor-
ner on Sutler et, over 60 foot frontage; an
8-etory fireproof building; now in the coun-e
of eon struct! on on the opposite corner.
$82,600 — O'Farrell st investment - near Jones
at: a good six* lot running through to the
rear street \u2666
$25,000 — For a few days only— over 50 feet
frontage on Fillmor* street, near Butter; Im-
provements consist of a large 4-story build-
ing with stores under lease at $225 per
month.
$12.600— Reduced to $12,000. for an Immediate
. sale; 6 flats on Grove st. not far from
Market et; lot 27:6x120 to Ivy avenue; this
Is a fine rental location and pays 10 per
cent on asking price; ccc this at once.
$13,500— Reduced to $13,000; Fourth St.; a
good Investment; frame Improvements; well
rented; lot 25x80.
•87&O- 2 modern Improved flats; on Webster
st. near Pace: 6 and 7 rooms and bath:
rents $65; lot 25x100.
$7000 — A bargain; 2 new modern improved
flats, Hayes et, near Masonic avenue; rents
$58 per month: always occupied.
$S2.WK> — Northwest corner of 24th and Mls-
elon; 127x117:8; all stores.
$7000— On*-thlrd block couth of Park; well
' located.
$6000— Pin* street near Hyde; a cory 8-* tory
reeifienc* In the heart of the city; an op-
portunity to secure a home at small cost;
a mortgage of $4000 can remain on property;
only requires $2000 cash to buy.
$0000 — O'Farrell street house and lot; near
Steiner; . lot has two frontages, good house
of 6 rooms and bath.
$5500— Scott street near HaJgbt; 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; rents S5O per month.
$7000 — Grove street; 2 flats: near Buchanan:
lot 27:6x187:8.
$4600— Post etreet building; lot 27:6x137:6;
near Fillmore street . . ..
' $4000 — Natoma street near New Montgomery:
lot 20xbO; rents J3OO per month. .
$10.000— Valencia street lot close to Market:
25x»0; flne Investment
$13.000^ — Beautiful new residence on California
st. rear Baker; lot 32:6 feet front: house
contains 10 rooms and bath: reception hall;
One electric fixtures; everything flrst-class
and up-to-date.
$10,000 — 3 modern Improved Cats on Leaven-
worth st, near Clay: rents ?S5 per month;
this property is always occupied; flne rent-
Ing location.
$3.V < mv-i — McAllister etreet between Pierce and
Bcott: 8 modern improved flats; large lot 40x
137 :6.
$725(t— 2 flats on Sacramento street near
I-Aurel: lot 25x112:6; well rented.
$2600— Ch-?ap house and lot on Geary street
near Baker: lot 27:6x137:6.
$420<> — 2 flats on Laguna street comer; near
Filbert: rents $32 50 rer month.
gin. 500 — reduced to $9250—2 flne modern Im-
proved" flats; containing 7 and 9 rooms and
bath: north line of McAllister St.. near De-
vlsadero; rents $82 50 per month; lot 25x
137:6. -'.:,
\u25a0V A. J. RICH & CO.
UNITED BANK AND TRIVET CO..
Mills Building. 236 Bush »t
RICHMOND DISTRICT.
$2200 — 4 lots 28th aye., 100 feet couth of B st;
100x120.
$2400 — * lots S&th aye., 100 feet south of C st;
3Of>xl2O. \u25a0\u25a0'"»"«jj ''*'-
$500—1 let. A St.. bet 19th and 20th ayes.;
25x100.
" We have several blocks north and south of
the park in excellent locations, from $10,000
lip to ?50,000.
$150 — 1 Jot 2Slh aye.. bet. C and Fulton sts. ;
£5x120.
JSC-O — 2 lots 26th aye., bef. California and
Lake Pts. ; 2.">x120.
$Sso— l Jot 22d aye.. bet Lake and Califor-
. nia: 20x120.
$IK>6— 1 lot California et. bet 17th and 19th;
2<3x100.
$1000 — 2 jots 22d aye., bet. California and
Lake; 25x126 each.
SUNSET DISTRICT.
We hay* quite a number of choice lots In
this district around the^Park Side Realty
Co.'s property. Lets on R. S and T 'sts.,
from 36th aye. to the beach... : i
. "'.'l V *. ..MISSION.
$ISOO— 4-rofom cottage on Peralta aye.. bet
Mostcalm and Rutledge sts. ; size of lot
25x75 feet: modern.
$7250 — Fine XE. cor.; CSxlOO; good business
comer.
UNITED BANK AND TRUST CO..
Mills Building. 236 Bush et
. AIiAMEDA COTTAf!ES,.TO LET.
TO. let— Nlc* cottope. 4 rooms and sath; con-
venient to locals; no children; rent $11 to r*>
' sponslble, permanent couple.', Call at 623 Pa-
\u25a0 ciflc ay*., Alameda. •\u25a0-:\u25a0 " < .--.-\u25a0
\u25a0 . . \u0084 .
ALAMBDA HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
RAILROAD I aveli'l 2220. v Alameda— Two lanr*.
sunny housekeeping rooms; cheap.
; : X^." ;;.V:*^ ALAMEDA'; ROOMS. J, : - " \u0084.;.:\u25a0;."
CENTRAL av*.^ 646- : -Fumished rooms, i . : \u25a0;
BERKELEY ADVEET ? S'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATES. .: ..
- •\u25a0; ri,^«>w(ELßbD^*>HULL.^ / .:.v "
No. : 64— 51300 — 4-room cottage, high 5 basement,
good force pump, .barn and fence; 'lot 68x116
-feet; terms $300 cash, balance $10 per month.
No/? 41— 51850 — 6-room cottage, laundry, bath,
basement; lot; 3sxl36;. easy: terms. 5'
No. : 28— 52150— 4-room cottage, In good •; loca-
tion; sewer; ' high ' basement *j This is a \u25a0 fin*
' new : place ' and has - never . been -occupied. -
No. . 41 — $2750 — Lovely. 5-room i cottage ; In nice
•". neighborhood ; •2 : blocks -to local station: 1
;-\u25a0', block to - street . car line; \u25a0 large lot ; on Rus-
sell st./---' •\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-:\u25a0 . -..\u25a0 •'.. '. .. \u25a0 \u25a0 - ; . '.•\u25a0::.\u25a0 \u25a0-'
No. - 48 — $3000 — 7-room, s, 8-story \u25a0 house; modern
' and ;- In -. flne ', '. location; /. lot . 40x118 - feet ; 2
"-• blocks » to -station. »V •\u25a0 v •.•.\u25a0•.."-.'•. \u25a0\u25a0 "\u25a0 \u0084
$1500— Lot 40x102 : 6 ; street . work all don* : cc-
: ment » sidewalks : : In . aristocratic neighbor-
-'\u25a0- M •'=:- -:•-:;-- \u25a0 - ' -\u25a0 '.-:;:\u25a0.
$700 — Lot 40x120. In good neighborhood; terms,'
; $200 : cash; : balance : $15 ' per. month. -.-- >.-
We ! have [ some nice I places for rent ; . one place
of 7 rooms, almost new; near Ashby station;
• nice-lawn; price , $30 \u25a0 per. month. > -\u25a0»\u25a0<\u25a0>".',^..7 ,-\u25a0•.,'
Address : ELROD & \ HULL, Ashby - Station,
Berkeley,'" or ? 1310 i Frultvale aye., Frult-
: . v vale. ;•.'\u25a0'.'.'-,"'..'\u25a0',.\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0.' ::\ "-'-,'•>'\u25a0\u25a0'• :V -..\u25a0\u25a0': • \u25a0'\u0084""."'
\u0084,,,. 'YOUNGS A'r BARRY, 1 >:
\u0084 , -. '\u0084 \u0084 -2149A;. Center 1 st, > :.. •
' '.' ; \u25a0\u25a0; \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0'\u25a0 " '. '-'.'•.•.' Berkeley, \ Cal. -.;:.: - "" *,J ,-_. l- ]'
. Vs7so-^-Lot 'on' Parker '»t.;» near j Ellsworth. ' ,
' $1250— Corner lot on Fulton st, near Dwight
way \u25a0 Btßtlon^BSE3&&&& f *'-?S^i"2l'? *^-"-. ' •'* '-"-<\u25a0
li $1600r-Sunny. corner lot, .45x125, near Dwight
\u25a0way station, , east -of. Fulton Ist. v '..-"., 1
' $3500-^New 7-room house ; < lot 45x125 ; ; Fulton
st near Dwight way station. -;•:.
\ \u25a0;.•.:•: YOUNGS & BARRY, 'Berkeley. ..; -.'
NEW -modern 5-room i cottage lon \ north iside of
"- 62d '" st.', ' Just we3t of 1 King; '. this - hous* - was
\u25a0 built' by, day's '.work; s street, work \u25a0 all s done;
lot 37 :6x185 ; | house will Ib* open Sunday for
- inspection;; price; s2soo. "J/ T. HINCH,tBTB
\u25a0 :'. Broadway.;?:' :.Y..«' ; ..'-'-''• -..: ,'.:.:? .".^:/>: 5
A* SN AP— 9SB ; 63d \u25a0 st^ South Berkeley: i 4-roota
: and bath cottage; 2 larg*" lots;" 100xl$5 ft
CHICKEN ranchee, all sizes, near Petaluma.
H. HALLIDAY, Cotatl, Sonoma Co., Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW 5-room cottage, near. San Anselmo depot;
built like a bungalow; rooms -all paneled;
large porch; facing mountain; running creek
In rear: lot 100x300; price $2800.
Cottage of 4 rooms; el ootrio lights; hot and
cold water; bath; on county road, near depot;
$1400. ' \u25a0___-'\u25a0 "\u25a0' v: - r;: '-
. 6-room ehlngl* cottage: : large lot: situated
In Ross Valley Park; a bargain; $2250.
Beautiful residence on hillside; large forest
trees; 2 acres ground;-, charming view; open
fireplace: wide porch; - opposite . Tamalpals;
$5000. . : : V .; .; \ . _\___ *
8-acre tract on Legunltas road. Roes Valley;
would make a fine private plaoe. .
'- Allen home; choicest place In Marln County;
6 acres land: $16,000.- ,-:-., . • -
. Raymond Tract between Ross and Kent;, Bs
acres in subdivisions lots 60x160 up to 2 acres;
forest trees, redwoods galore ; " Just placed on
the market . • : : \u25a0:\u25a0
A few lots - left In Ross Valley Park and
some In' the Bush ".Tract,: near Fairfax.
Full particulars r and ' information ; of;
CROKER & CO., San Anselmo or Ross/ Open
dally and Sunday, with rigs. . > ,
NEW " furnished \u25a0\u25a0' cottage In San v. Anselmo, \u25a0 8
\u25a0 rooms ;. and ; bath, ; to , lease for.; one l year: I 6
*' minutes ; from station ; .> $26 r per \u25a0 month, ? or
will sell on easy terms. Address box 9403,
Call, office, v : .; ;-- -:?^r;;.:-,:\X\- '-y ;.^:j-->-\
v B URLINGAHE % REAL I ESTATE. 7
DO you know, that as flne a climate as i you
: - can secure In the 'world Is within 38 minutes
of San ; Francisco to-day,: and' In ' a very short
time the new Bay Shore "cutoff " will reduce
. the time to 25 minutes? -No ferry-boats; .no
.transferring.:. .. „\u25a0„ \u25a0- . ... ' ...'\u25a0:. > :. ,
'" Do you know >that at Burllngame we have
the best land. to be had? c/ 1
\u25a0Do you realizethat a 50x150 foot lot front-
- Ing a street which Is sewered," macadamized.
water piped' and near the station can be had
' for $600 on $10 monthly, payments? We have
larger lots * or ; acreage •• property ; also \u25a0at ex-j
tremely^low prices: -^-."-^'v-.., v.
-•Take the train at 3d 'and; Townsend or.the
\u25a0 " electric ; : cars Ito 1 Burllngame and "; call •at our
\u25a0 branch • office ; 1 agents \u25a0on grounds -• Sundays. \u25a0-. - .;
: v ;\u25a0 •;\u25a0-, LYON i"& j HOAG;t 116 ; Montgomery i st.-.';V '~*
;M-.':l-: FAIRi OAKS REAL ESTATE; v" ':'\
A— FAIR OAKS ' " 7 J^" MENLO \ PARK.
- ; Villa ' sites " containing i 1° to -5 - acres ; on ' un-
usually easy ' terms. .< Beautifully .:: .wooded.
Water and electric '. lights. >> Bus '- direct. > Con-
venient to i station. "Fair Oaks Park.',', ."Linda
Vista" v and ? t'Qulllota".>;:TTactiT»t Investigate
our " properties * and \. Inducements - before • buy-
lnff " SELBY, ; RODOERS * CO., \u25a0. \u25a0". . \u25a0•-"\u25a0•
U6 California st, S.F . and Menlo Park. \u25a0;
FROM $4230 TO $4000.
Now is your chance to get that new 7-room
house on Grove st, near the High School.
W. J. MORTIMER A CO..
\u25a0 - j Berkeley Station.
WE HAVE
A few lots In the Touhy Tract at $300.
A lot In North Berkeley. 40x130— 5600. A lot
In North Berkeley. 135x1 45— 51500.
W. J. MORTIMER A CO..
Berkeley Station.
WRITS U3 about that fln« Investment la
th* Wheeler Tract Don't let this go.
W. J. MORTIMER A CO..
- ' Berkeley Station.
R. A. BEERRY A CO., P. O. block. Berkeley
By picking up a . horn* In Berkeley 1 ! w« ar*
offering a new 6-room house tn th* Ashby Dis-
trict for $3000; lots on either side, on* of them
a corner, may be secured at reasonabl* pi lee*;
convenient to the Key Route train.
.We ar* also offering a new 5-room oottag*
that must bo sold quickly on account of th*
fact that th* owner Is leaving th* Stat*;iarg*
lot. flne garden and conveniences) for poultry
raising; pric* $2850.
W* have a large list of vacant aad ftxraisn*4
bouses for rest
R. A. BERRY 4b CO.. P. O. block, Berkeley.
$6300— AN elegant 9-room hcrasej up-to-dat*»
good neighborhood: near Berkeley ita-
. uon: must b* *old t» settle aa estate.
$6900— A flne residence of II rooms n*ar Shat-
tuck ar*.
$6000 A 9-room. resldene*. almost . new, wtUi
.«.";\u25a0; gas and electricity; beautiful home, In-
cluding a small hous* of a 2 rooms.
$4000 — A neat 6-room cottage, high basement:
well of extra good water: yard . itock*4
with fruit trees and berries; must b* sold.
Houses In all parts of Berkeley far, sal* or
rant.
BAKER * CO..
' aOT Bhattaclc ay.. Berkeley.
$2300— NEW 5-room" cottage, south frontaj*.
$300 cash, balance > $20 per month.
$28CO— N*w 0-room Qu*ea Ann*: street
work all done; south frontage: $600 cash,
'PLOTS' 01 *' LOTS. LOTS.
4 $300— 35x120: sswered.- ( ;
$525— 40x138; macadamlMd street ,'
$600— 60x133;. street work all don*.
$760—50x133: 2 blocks from station.
CHAS. R. HARMON. 1837 Harmon *M
Lorin Station, South Berkeley.
. $8000— A BARGAIN— SBOOO.
Maet be sold at one* to doe* aa estat*; on*
of th* best ranches In Sonoma Co.. consisting
of CCO acres: an the RusSan tuver. 8 \u25a0 miles
from' Geyservllle: good .house, .barns, orchard:
well fenced and cross- fenced: 160 acre* » can
b* planted to orchard or vines; mineral springs
galore; Juat the place for. a summer resort.
Bargains In houses and lots all' over Berkeley.
For further ' particulars address A. L. HALE.
2515 Shattuck aye.. Berkeley. : ' Phono \u25a0 Derby
1022. t
$3200— NEW 7-room ho«s*; modern tn errsry
way; lot 40x100; street work complete; closo
to S P. station. . Key Bout* and also schools ;
" $1300 cash and balance $24 par month. In-
cludlnjr Interest and principal. See owner.
" 1911 Virginia st,~ or P. O. box 1281. Berkeley.
• L. J.' MORAN. Berkeley. Ca.l.
IF you have $150 and want a lot • 1 ioai
• come and ' se* . us. - You can own year own
j home by making -\u25a0 a \ small cash payment,
balance same as rent Or for an "• Invest-
ment ther* is nothing better, than Berkeley
property. HEDEMARK t A BRADHOFF.
Lortn. So. Berkeley. , . >
FIXE modern 8-room house. > 2 blocks from
station; ' lot 50x150: all street work done:
. good"- barn. etc.. garden. * shrubbery, -model
heme- -owner must sell. If \u25a0 yon want •»
snap see this. HEDEMARK A BRADHOF*.
\u25a0 Lorln. So. Berkeley. *,*\u25a0''"\u25a0
$2SOO— MODERN house of 6 rooms;. high base-
ment lawn fruit trees , and shrubbery; cor-
•* ncr lot 40x100; • street and sidewalk , done:
near South Berkeley station." •; Own«r, box
-9206. Call office. .
For Additional Classified. Adrmtls^l
memts S«* Pa«* 44.
.".^IIAYWARDS I REAL; ESTATE.'THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, SUNDAY, -AUGUST 20, 1905.
40
A SNAP — $950; nice 3-room plastered cottage,
nearly new; lot 50x100; splendid fruit trees;
chicken-house; highly improved place; near
fine school and electric cars; $200 cash, bal-
ance «aey terms. Address J. C. WIL-
LIAMS. Frultvale, Cal.
MUST be sold to satisfy mortgage. O%S&
$300 . down and , balance on easy terms; 3
swell 7-room colonial bouses/ In one- of the
bcit residence districts of Oakland, being
near Telegraph aye. and : only 3 blocks from.
Key Route station; : all .large, -sunny -rooms;
large reception : hall ; modern open j plumbing;
' gas. or electricity. > open - lawns; driveways
- - and , large ' back -'\u25a0 yards; , the price ;of - these
properties is only $3000 each.. This m a rare
. oppotrunlty even \u25a0 for a 5 speculator,: as - these
properties are \u25a0 bringing . In an Income ;of
$82 60 per month. . . :
$200 down and balance on monthly pay-
ments of $26 will buy you a pretty, shingled,
bungalow cottage, nearly new and thoroughly
and s substantially : built; , in '\u25a0' good neighbor-
hood and » only a short distance from the
• broad-gauge local- train; .the' Interior Is : all
natural Wood finish; this property has lawn
in front,' With a large chicken yard in rear;
- prlc« only $2300.
•\u25a0\u25a0' Let i us send you one of- our. Rent and
. SaleCataloeties. ' :.— \u25a0
"Oakland Agents for '\u25a0: the German ; Alliance
Insurance Association of . New York.
\u25a0 . KREISS -* HORSWILL, •
, . , -.-•' 1070 Broadway.
$300 CASH. monthly till paid up; new cot-
' tage •of \u25a0 4 g;Ood-sized rooms, r lobby, pantry,"
etc •* Al well or \Water; city ; water -: If . de-
V sired : f note ; sl«e -of * lot — 100x100 ; all '\u25a0'\u25a0 newly
< ' fenced ; ! cheap ; \u25a0 6 : ; minutes jto- 2 :\u25a0 electric " car
lines; ; short distance to - local < train to a.^ V. ;
~ deep i sandy : loam > soil ; high ' and dry ; in fine
. location; 5 adjoining East Oakland; : near .' fine
\u25a0 schools ; and i churches ; - come and see it ; If s
. a gem; ptlce, -lh all.i $1450.v Call or ; send for
' circular,; 46fi Seventh st , opp. • Broadway sta-
. toln,'! Oakland: carriage f tee. / H.; 2: JONES.
;.:; T Owner.';; '-';_;:.'- '"• # \u25a0*-\u25a0''.J. J *' r r^ ':\u25a0''"'.'' '_-"_';'' r-.'~''>.•\u25a0'.'r -.'~'' >.•\u25a0'.'
RICHARD J.; MONTGOMERY. I
• Kty ' Route Station,
40th St. ; and Telegraph ; Aye., .
-. Central Oakland. .:. ,: \ .
$1700-^-Hbuse, 7 f rooms . and bath ; ; bam ; • large
-.- - - lot/: 80x150: t near? Key Route. > . . M
$3200— Cottage, S rooms ' and bath ; near ' Tele-
\u25a0 graph* aye. U one t block \u25a0; from ' Key » Rout*
station ;- lot 60x117w
: ' $864— Fine building lots. . 41st ' st.; c near I Tele-;
• \u25a0: : .graph 'aye.;- street 5 , work; included;; terms,"
\u25a0 -^ one-fifth ' cash. o balance monthly payments.
\u25a0' \u25a0' :> Offlce ; open s Sunday.; 10 to 1 ' and 2 : to ' 3."3 f^-
\u25a0 FOR - sale- -2 5-room ; flats: ; Peraita ' st.T near
--t 9th ; ; price $3100. * : ANDERSON Si ' SON/- 1506
fl«v«nU» at. - v ..-; ;\u25a0,;\u25a0;,,\u25a0\u25a0;-;•-.-:.-.-<\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 :
THE ALDEN CO., 1235 ' Broadway. Oakland.
$3500— Two 6-room flats; rented $40 month;
well located; lot 40x120. • i
$2250— Residence. 11 rooms; lot 60x127; mill
and tank; bftrrie* and fruit trees, etc. ; beet
bargain in East Oakland.
$7600--BuBiness ; corner at local station; meat
market in corner store and 4 rooms with stable
In rear and 2 flats above; all well rented. $77
month. ',-;'- : •\u25a0-".- "'>\u25a0::' . ;•\u25a0 '"• .; .'. ' \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0
$6500— Fine ; home In Frultvale ; 6-room c«t-
tage. with grounds 171x305; fruit -trees; etc.;
fronts on • Frultvale aye. ; \u25a0: adjoining • the new
Key Route line to be built the coming Reason;
this property Is worth $7500 and a snap at
$5600. | '.:-\u25a0; T •'..*-' "—.--\u25a0<.\u25a0"
We have placed In our hands for sale, sub-
ject to any decent offer, a s-room cottage in
West _ Oakland, a \u25a0 6* if otom «r cottage :\u25a0 and ; lot Jat
Willow station, Alameda, • and . a 4-room '\u25a0\u25a0 cot-
tage and lot in East Oakland. Call and make
an offer. '•" . .. • ' '
THE .ALDEN CO.; 1233 1 Broadway. Oakland.
BfiLt)EN'B BARGAINS^ .-:
$2600 — Pretty : shingled 5-room : bungalow,
near Key route; lot 30x120. \u25a0 • ' -.-' •-• : -.- -* \u25a0\u25a0"
$2660~«F1ne .: C-room -f cottage, t near \u25a0 14th and '
Chestnut sUu; sunny; «lot- SOkIOO.-
• $2600 — Nic* 2-story - 7-room house,' near Sen-
ator Perkins' \u25a0 mansion, a Vernon : Heights. .
$4250— G00d 8-Toom house and r stable on 22d
St.. near Telegraph* ave.; very; central.
— Choice •? 6-rOom s cottage - and . lot " S6x
IE2 on Linden st., near 12th. .-.-. ;.-. '.-.-
$425O— NeW~ 2-story^ 7-room .": house and \u25a0-' lot
32:6x100. with summer .; house, :, near i 23d and
."Webster sts. r . .;. \u25a0':... :i." : «;-.•.\u25a0;>.•;.\u25a0•.•< ' \u0084 \ .\u25a0,-;.:...-.:»
:•\u25a0•' $2350— New, 5-room cottage on • West st. ; ilot
28x140; -easy terms. r'BELDEN, Real Estate..
1112 Broadway, Oakland. - /;) - -\u25a0--:... ~ - - L
FOR- • •\u25a0••::\u25a0'•\u25a0\u25a0"•"\u25a0'-• : v ;- •• \u25a0•'.'-.- '... : .- ~
--\u25a0WISE-.. \u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 " -;- :: '- : - \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
INVESTORS '
\u25a0.";./ . ' . . ' * ~V: ;:\u25a0\u25a0"; ONLY
A lidHhwest gore corner.' aggregating : 3d4
' feet;' Inside portion holds 4 high basement,
, 6-room. tip- top cottages; all street: work" cott-
; pleted ; .* fronts • the ?. two * main ,l thoroughfares
. and ' dose to \u25a0 two - union ; depots- and ; immense
.-rrallroadv shops;'; now " pays j; 10 -per jcent'On
.' $7200; wprloe , reduced, for • quick 6ale, to
" $8260. R "<\u25a0 U 'Wise? '-.: Theft see HARRY - ; L.*
t r- HOLCOMB. :•:. 31* Ban \u25a0; Pablo aye.,' Oakland,
v-- : CaL' .-\u25a0:»-. :-\u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0:'\u25a0\u25a0 -'.--• \u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0-\u25a0 : - ". .'•-', - : "-"."-'. '\u25a0\u25a0.•..-?.\u25a0-.-•-.\u25a0
$2000,VH00&5OR$6000 f6r my equity In two.
:\u25a0•« four or six fiat*. ;• 019 to 829 Telegraph aye.
. w ßox 9257, . Ca11 , 0ffice. ;: ,^;^ -'i, ; j, .
$ 4250— 8-ROOM hous*, sunny corner; large lot ;
: \u25a0 best part of East Oakland: good j neighbor-
. ' hood. : Owner. v 12S1 ? E.">: Sixteenth : - St. . -
Bargains In oity or country real estate. ' 208
Bacott block. • OaUaod. -\u25a0-"-'\u25a0 - ':\u25a0 \u25a0.•\u25a0 : ", : :.
"MAN' an Electrical Battery" : free lecture.
Illustrated by each face. S this eve., at Van
Auken Oxygen Institute. 904 Van Ness aye.
VEDANTA Society. Swaml's lecture to-night
at 8 on "Christ as Incarnation of God," at
40 Stelner St.. 25c.' L
SOCIALIST hdqtrs.. 831 Howard. Thur.. A»s-
24, 8 p. m.. Jos. Splro; subject. "Science and
Socialism." '- Free. - '»'\u25a0\u25a0 • ' ' '
FREE Thought Association, 161 City Hall aye..
\u25a0 X p. m.. "Should the Church Be Reformed or
Abolished." '- - \u25a0 \u25a0'•-'• -v ' " '
MISS- FRANCES'S. BPEYER resumes public
lectorag.- Golden Gate Hall, Aug. 27. 8 p. in.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LA\*-. &
-,_'-'_" :',-,\u25a0- l .iii.Ni .ii.m-m-i.N "hi r TTi».*-i-.
' AA— DIVORCE; costs. $12: quick.' quiet; ad-
Tlce free- no charge unless successful: open
evenings; wills, deeds, leases, bills <of sale
and articles of co-partnership carefully - pre-
' pared; bankruptcy, collections, and probatinir
'of estates. 627 Market St.. room 301..
AA— EXVORCE costs $12. — —— -. ~
Quick, quiet; legal advice frse.
No charse unless successful.
..'All law business.
Examiner building, room 316. third floor.
R. -W. KINO. Attorney-at-Law. Exam. 61d<t-
6th floor, entrance room 611 ; established SO
years ; all courts, general courts and office
- practice; no fee In advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
,W." MATTHEWS,- attorney and counselor at"
law. 632 Market st., room 23; 21 years' ex-
perience; an courts; general court and offtc*
. practice; consultation ' tree; ' open evenings.
ADIVE free: legal divorce; costs $12:. all law
- - cases handled; no fee In advance; open Sat-
urday evenings; other evenings by appoint-
ment: call and save money. Sl9 Mkt. r. 33.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12, all cases; pro-
- bate and ; attachment - suits - a specialty : • open
evenings. Tim. 465 Parrott bldg.. 835 Market.
DIVORCE; legal; ' quick; quiet: costs $8; no
fee In advance. Law lav. Co.. 44 Parrott
building. \u25a0
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 302. consulta-
tion free: no'fee In txtvance. Open evenlngst <
,^-'-*:.v: - ASTHMA j CURE. \u25a0': -\u25a0.*\u25a0-,
A.^DI NOLA'S asthma" remedy cures: for sal»
by.au druggists: main depot 1602 Market «.,
Bt. Nicholas Hotel; 10c. 25c. !»C postac*.
NO. 1019 • 67th st. ; new shingled bungalow, S
rooms; near San Pablo aye.; $2250; -for rent
at $20. -_\u25a0; :,^." "
No. 673 Sycamore • (Zsth> st., near Grove;
6 rooms, 2-story- colonial, modern; $3250;
.\u25a0 for rent at 525. ; ;- : ,; :-:&:~rVl-> \u25a0•'\u25a0.-
Fine large roomy cottage of 6 rooms: mod-
ern plumbing; - high j basement;' lot. 33x133;
strevt work all done; $1800; easy terms.
$4250-^TWO cottages on on« big lot; only 2
blocks ! from . Broadway: bringing and always
sure to bring a good income; rapidly enhanc-
ing In value. ;:..'.,-: -..\u25a0\u25a0' - -;\u25a0 '--;- ;. ,- >\u25a0 ; : ;-\ \. -~_. .
$4000— Pair of flats;' right downtown; close
to Broadway ; . renting for - $466 per annum ;
-sure./ steady Income. -\u0084.. r - •
. $1750— Tw-o-story bay windowed house of d
rooms, sunny frontage; Main' st.,' not far
from Key Koute depot; all Street work don*.
. $5750 — Elegant corner on Bth st.*: house of
11 rooms, Veautlful bathroom, furnace, 6-foot
' solid brick foundation . bath and rooms In
basement for help; hardwood doors and stalr-
> case; , let - 50x100; house alone \u25a0 cost - ' about
: $9000; look this up If you want a snap.
See my lint of bargain* in the other papers.
,-;\u25a0 GEO. W. \u25a0•\u25a0' AUSTIN, . : .
: rC 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
M READ THIS/ WAGE-EARNER!
, ..«.--= • rpEAP Lots. .\u25a0^•• c
$78 UPWARD, $5, CABH, $5 MONTH.
Do you want a home? :Yes-^-$3OO in
rent; $50. spent; on -another man's property.
Stop here; • will build % you a home; pay as
rentiTruitvale Boulevard Tract overtook* the
bay, Alameda and 14-mile driveway; streets
all graded; city water; • electricity; *•\u25a0; sandy
loam Soil; no fOS» nor cold 'winds here; Over
a dozen cozy homes gone up In two months;
two lines of cars in touch with Key | Route
• and S. P. "local train 20-minute service. Call
r or send for circular,* 1222 Frultvale aye., near
' atatlon.i C F. ; LEE,' 0r; 465 Seventh ave.;i op-
. . pnslte Broadway - station, Oakland; carriage '
, free. ; \u25a0- .. •. - ( - -
GEORGE H. LEE. Owner.
REDUCED FOR : A QUICK h BALE -FROM
\u25a0 $2200. t0 $1700, a bungalow cottage;. 5 rooms
' nr.d bath ; \u25a0 barn ; * lot > 40x140; j on« - block - from
Piedmont and Key Rout* depot, i Call and
'i invcstlg-ste. \u25a0• • \u25a0\u25a0•":\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0::\u25a0-\u25a0 \u0084,\u25a0:: •'- \u25a0'\u25a0';\u25a0- •>-'.; .-• \u25a0\u25a0:
$1750 — *J-Btory- house of 7- rooms and" r bath ;\- air
• modern plumbing; lot 2fxl00; all \u25a0•-\u25a0\u25a0 straet
work d6ne : East ,-, Oakland : v conveniefit to
schools and ' cam. .-- . •>»..\u25a0%- ; --. \u25a0\u25a0;, :~ .. \u25a0 .-;-. : :
HUGH M. CAMERON, "
\u25a0!-• 1058 Broadway, ; OaklaHd. : * '.
\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0:.<*\u25a0>::\u25a0 /;'- GOOD i INVESTMENT. .*'. . •: -' \u25a0 .^
$3600 for three 6-rootn flats; rented for $42 60
per \u25a0 month. : P. \u25a0-. C. V LASSEN^ A \u25a0 CO.; i 46ft : 10th
st.; Oakland. Cal." .- --\u25a0 •'\u25a0..\u25a0.\u25a0.fa.;, -.\u25a0\u25a0,:-_-. f -y:: \u25a0\u25a0. y. .";. '
$BSW) — MODERN business property, la - arrowing
_ part lot.. Oakland: '. one x block \u25a0: from i station;
paying 12% p«r cent intewst en investment
. Owaer, ; 6633 : Telegraph \u25a0 aye. \u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0-\u25a0, ..-:;. , r r- : :,-y-;;
FTNE handsome upper Bat of 5 large, bright,
'Bunny rooms with bathroom, pantry. .large
separate yard In rear:. all in fine. lawn: sep-
arate entrance: porch and stoop In front: Just
the same as in a cottage. Only belter. -310
22d St. r Just east of Webster. Lakeside Dis-
Mrict. Will be rented to family of adults for
$23. includlnigwater^^^of lawns.
J056 ."Washington »t _ ? Bacon Arcade. .
BBKINS VAN AND STORAGE CO.. general
movers ; we • have the best warehouse -to Hi*
West (only covered vans used). , DON'T
MISTAKE THE NUMBER. 1016. Broadway.
Oakiand:;phone.Maln.fto7.;' . .
r-'C OAKLAND FLATS TO LET. . * •
6-ROOM ' flat; "three ' 4-room flats: Nineteenth
sf -tear San Pablo aye. Inquire on prem-'
> IHe's : 2 to 4 p. m: owner. H. R. AITON.' - •
I OAKLAND J ROOMS AND BOARD.
EIGHTEENTH, " r CB7— Beautiful 'sunny •. 2-Hroiom
suite : '-. bath ' adjoining : \u25a0 completely new ; ; very
private:' every thinit flrst-class; central; rea-
sonable : • board optional. :.-\u25a0>--<
OAKI JIND !; ROOMS LET. :
FURNISHED ror: housekeeping; I lower ; floor
separate entrance: central ; ' also large . single
room, "upper floor;" quiet;- nice home. 615
Fifteenth st. - ' - ! : •''- '
CHASE. 120. : OakUnd— Nice furnished roomsi
3 ROOMS and bath,? furnished fo* housekeen-;
/; Ing for gentlemen. .:\u25a0 219 Ninth ' st.
SIXTEENTH,, 1665. , Oakland— Nice r furnished
'-\u25a0 room i to . let. • - ' ;\u25a0 - \u25a0 ; . . . ./... \u25a0 \u0084
O^JL^Dj^PTRNITURB ".: FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW, the day for bargains In furniture.
' B. Bebellhaas, 11 to si., oor. store. o^myT :
SNAPS.
12 new cottages constructed on most mod-
ern and up-to-date plans; located In best resi-
dence districts: $1500,: $1750, $1800 and up.
$1000— 13 lot* near Mills College— snap.
$ISOO— 4-roomed cottage: bath, gas, street
work; building Just completed; lots 31x112;
$400 cash. , -'.\u25a0';
Large - lots in - all parts of East Oakland.
: $175 and up.
INTERURBAN REALTY CO..
826 Mills Bldff. "ids* 23d aye.. opp. Station.
San Francisco. : Ea3t Oakland.
CLEVENGER. 1113 23d aye.
.1 Phone Vale 2881.-
FOR RENT. ' - .."
$23 per month-^-Splsndld 6-room corner house.
-; $22 50 ! per - month — Modern - house, 6 rooms,
bath .and high basement, with laundry; large,,
yard. '. - \u25a0•\u25a0 " \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0• - ' • '\u25a0- \u25a0 ' \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0-
$17 — New modern 6-room house; deep lot.
FOR SALE.
$2250— Story and a half 6-rooirt and bath,
with * gas \u25a0 and other modern * equipment.
, $2650 — Very fin* new house In desirable lo-
cation. " " . : "- ' .
*1 250— 150x150; *ood small house,
chicken-houses. «tc: imap.
.Other "good properties for various prices.
g' Bring this ad with you.' .
LOTS IN EAST OAKLAND
. : • ;-- FOR SALE CHEAP.
: Now Is the time to buy them. Property Is
surely going up. New- factories. Improved
ear service. Quick transportation -to : San
: Francisco. Lovely climate, beautiful flowers
and good schools'. \u25a0 Prices are lew now. 'but In
six months will be much higher. " For an In-
vestment or a home- you will make money by
buying now. W« have a good list y«t to
choose; from. Join the precession to East Onk-
lan 4 and se*
B. H. WELCH & CO..
6Oi aye, and East IBth »t. :
BOULEV>nr> REALTY COMPANY. -»:
1227 Old County Road. Cor. 25th Aye.
: $2300— Half cash, will buy a. beautiful 5-
. room \u25a0 cottage • With bath, pantry, high base-
ment. In the very best of locations; e*ment
sidewalk outside and- around v the house:
' street- work, sewers.' etc.: all. complete: 'closo
-to c«rs. scnooU, • churches _and within; 10
> minutes', walk tto .Twenty-thlrd-av^. station;
lot 33x150: see this: It Is a bargain. >
OAKLAND . HOrSBS 'TO tET. ,
STERXBfiRG 4' LINDBERG,
4C* llth st, Oakland. . .;
JOHN WILSON. Ml*a L. H. Sill and C. Lut-
tringer Jr. will hold a spiritual meeting. 2
and 8, Covenant Hall, third floor I. O. O. F^
building. Market st.
DR. HOWLAND holds public spiritual develop-
ing class every Thursday night 906 Market
! st.. room 25. *
MME. YOUNG'S genuine spirit messages to-
night. 10c. 1901 Post, cor. Fillmore; read-
lngs dally. , , ' '
A— MRS. CRINDLE*S matertaUnff seance Sun-
day eve.. 8 o'clock. ICO4 Van Ness aye..; -
MRS. HARLAND'S evening t«st etreles to-
nlgnt. 10c; prqphetio readings dally. 148 fttfa.
W. G. KEEOAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; lOc. 143 Sfatta st. .
PROF. RIKER — Test circle to-night. 1033 Mar-
ket st. ; guarantee an accurate test to all.
SCOT. Hall. 8 p.m.. spirit, test mt*. Maxwell-
/ Hovet-MeKee-garanela-Matchett-Barton.
EWDARD EARLE to-night; tests, messages,^
• questions. 210 Eddy st. -;.-'*\u25a0•\u25a0
STEETIXGS— THEOSOPHICAL.
THE Theoaophtcal Society. Academy of Sci-
ence" Hall — Public lecture. 8 p. ro.. sharp,
by M. P. Christensen; subject. "Character
. Building." . - -
MEETINGS — Universal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophlcal
Society (Katherine Tlngley, leader and offi-
cial head). San Francisco center, 912 Buaa .
St.; fre* public meeting every Sunday. S
p. m. The above organization has so con-
nection with any other so-called . Theosophi-
cal bodies to tha city. .\u25a0•\u25a0-..
! SUSDAY LECTURES. I' 1 . .
DR JOHN'A.' KERGANtS free "lecture" this
- evening, 8 o'clock, • Electricians' Hall. 33 Ed-
dy St.- subject. "B«hlod:the Veil": followed
by magnificent Tlews of art: the evening wtll
be instructive and interesting- : remember the
question box. All are cordially Invited to
attend. - \u25a0- : | -
A A— LECTURE. Charles J. Anderson, the
popular orator: subject. "Mental Habits" i
I O O. F. bids-. Memorial Hall. Seventh
and Market. 8 p. m.: collection. . I. .*
THBB. P. ' \u25a0-.\u25a0-
r - VANDERCOOK
-. . COMPANY.
1016 BROADWAY.
\u25a0 .' - —\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 ~
k ;\ '. ; \u25a0 . ; ...
$6000 — Choice . corner, on : Piedmont aye., 100 x
125, with. fine. cottage of 7 rooms and all
.-.-\u25a0^modern conveniences; large lawn and gar-
den; stable. \u25a0 ~-v — 030—
$3300 — Two-story 6-room house on 36th St.; gas
and 'electric lights; open plumbing;* near
Key Route and car line; lot 37x127. -
"' . -^628—
$3500— Excellent 2-story 7-room house on a tot
; . 39x100; large basement; modern In every
-.' \u25a0\u25a0: respect; convenient to local train and elec-
tric cart: surrounded by nothing but first-
• class houses; situate on 9th aye.; can be
: sold for $500 cash, balance to suit pur-
chaser. '\u25a0 '-\u25a0;- - .-*:; \u25a0• .—6l0 —
$7000— On 13th st..- east of Market st. ; 2-story
.9-room house; lot 37x100. _ — 600—
AGENTS FOR THE RENTERS' LOAN
AND TRUST COMPANY.
THE E. . P. .VANDERCOOK CO..- . !
Offlce, 1016 BROADWAY, phone Main 285.
Or Rooms 200-210 Union Trust Bldg.,
: Market and Montgomery sta.
Ban Francisco. - Cal.
TATLOR BRM. * CO.,
Real Estate, Insurance and Financial Agents,
Phone Main 050. - 1236 -. Broadway, Oakland.
\u25a0••- LOOK AT THlB. \u25a0"\u25a0-.- .
$350— Lqt 60x100 teet; 60 feet east of the cor-
ner of 14th : aye. ; street car line: don't
tall to look at thin; cheap at $500. 0466
INVESTMENT.
$1500 — New cottage; large bathroom; one block
Key Route station ; . hear Telegraph . aye. ;
street and walks complete; rented for $192
p«r year; any reasonable terms can be
made; must be sold." ' \u25a0 \u25a0' . :.'•
' ' - KEY ROUTE COTTAGE. . . i
$2750— Braml new 5-room cottage; combination,
gas and electric fixtures; on 88th St., near
Telegraph : three -minutes' walk
Key . Route station; lot 80x100 feet; flat
loan •of $21*0 at \u25a0 8 per cent, which can
stand, lea vine only $600 cash necessary
to get this elegant little home. 1773
CLOSE IN RESIDENCE. . -
$3000— Strictly modern ; handsome In appear-
ance ;.7 rooms; large reception hall ; lot
40x100 feet; • less than "ten minutes ;to
Post of flee; mortgages for ?2100, which
can remain: reduced from $4000. !
. CLOSE IN FLATS.
$4360— Very attractive set of flats on 18th st,
• close In; combination fixtures; southern
exposure; Income $540; beet in town for
the money. • . . ' 1905
Free conveyance always at your command.
Call us up. No trouble to answer Questions.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO., 1
1236 Broadway, Oakland, cal. _ .
$8500— MANUFACTURING Site with 2-story
brick building; lot "5x160; in East Oakland;
splendid location; - close to >S: P. tracks.
Western Pacific lin« and deep water channel
of Oakland harbor; building I cost \u25a0 $15,000;
new plumbing and wiring; newly painted in-
side; stores below and 15 rooms on second
floor. - " - - * -\u25a0*\u25a0
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT,
. , 10J0 Brcnrtway, naK^i.i -
MEETINGS — SITVPAY.'
SPECIAL BARGAIN. .
- ' - PRICE . $3250. .
In the manufacturlnsr district . pouth ot
Seventh Bt. and dose ito \u25a0 Broadway ; a 50-foot
lot. with good improvements that are rented
for $300 per annum; property in the block
south of this and on same side of street Just
sold for $60 per foot. The lot alone will be
worth $5000 In a. .very short while.
MUST BE BOLD.
REALTY BONDS AND , FINANCE CO.,
1172 -Broadway,
Corner * Fourteenth st.
•\u25a0 BTERNBERG & LINDBERG,"" "
SNAPS. -
If you are Interested in Berkeley ask about
these, they will eurprife you: ' ,
Fine corner . on : Alcatrai aye.. with unsur-
passed view; only $1500. g
Building lot on 63d st;, 100 yards from Key
Rout* and Southern Pacific station; train every
10 minutes; only $1000. See it. •
The best lot in Santa Fe Tract on 64th Bt.. 1
block from Key Route depot. 100 feet from,
electric cars; only $$00. \u25a0 * t \u25a0- '
$700— Let 40x137; close to Key Route and
Southern Pacific local, schools, trains, etc. -
5830— Linda Vista Terrace, 3T :6 feet front*
street work complete; worth $1100.
$2000—2 flat*, within : easy walk to 14th st. ;
Income $24 60 monthly; Investigate this. -'
$2750— Choice' new colonial cottage; 5 rooms,
etc.; -modern- throughout: large lot; close to
Key Route and Southern Pacific local; party
going away makes an exceptional offer.
$2800 — New 5-room colonial cottage; nicely
finished interior; S basement; on fine corner;
street work complete; close to Telegraph and
40th St.; Key Route trains.
PIEDMONT HITJ.fi :
BUNGALOW.
~isN» CASH.
$50 per month, buys one of the handsomest
and best constructed bungalows in the beau-
tluful Piedmont district, consisting of large
living room, library, dining-room. 2 bed-
rooms and bath, kitchen, pantry, laundry
and servant's room. \u25a0 ...
r The'main rooms : are paneled In Mission
paneling, with beam ceilings. • plate and bric-
a-brac shelves. : ; ,
Massive fireplace Is the feature of the liv-
ing room, while a leaded glass sideboard adds
; -... to the convenience and beauty of the Clning-
Thi pantry contains cooling closets, and.
shelve* that pass Into the dining-room, while
the kitcften Is complete with cooking **«««.
bins, etc : This room has ventilator which
carries off all steam or odor. ,
This bungalow is situated on Oakland aye..
near Vernal, and can be t *" n s
the Piedmont Park" car. 3 which conects with
all local trains, \u25a0 andy the Key Route ferry
will.be. opened for Inspection
' M Thl* 1 |s y a rare opportunity to purchase a
really flrst-class home upon such terms, jror
further particulars call on--
. . KARL H. NICKEL.
• •' • - Room 63." Bacon" Bulldlnr.
15 minutes to center of Oakland.
35 mlnotea to San , Francisco. '
$3100 WILL buy 2 cottages. 5 rocms each; lot
65x90; convenient to <,enter-st. stauon. a.
J. , TAIT. 1526 Seventh St.. Oakland.
BARGAIN— 73 feat on Grove St., near 19th,
H.R.; AITON CO.. 1233 Park street, Ala-
meda. ..'\u25a0 , __ :^___^_— _^_»
EAST OAKLAIVP REAL ESTATES
\u25a0 \u25a0. ' ' r ' ' \u25a0 ,; ...
THE REASON WHY
East Oakland Is the place "to buy Js that
at present prices are remarkably low com-
pared with other parts of Oakland . or Berks ey.
The climate is more " attractive and the un-
proved train service gives quick communi-
cation with San Francisco. The construction
Of the plants of the Union ..Ga* Engine Co..
the Magnesite" Brfck;Co.;and'the r ßcsa -Brick
Co on the waterfront, and the coming of
the Western Pacific and Key .Route -lines
will Increase the valHe of property 25 per
cent In the next year, : You have- the oppor-
tunity of a> lifetime; to, make a good invest-
ment. \u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0?..:\u25a0 ' ' .. > ;\u25a0; \u25a0 -:\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0'. .. \u25a0 ; -..,
CHI'RCH SERVICES.
GRACE " Church, California at.. \u25a0 corner - of
Stockto;- Rev. David J. Evans, rector — Cela-v
b ration of holy communion,' S a. m.; tnornins'fc
service, ill o'clock; ;"Te Deum" (Dow)-ln.C:f
"Jubilate" (Berg) In B fiat; offertory, tenor '
solo.' * "My * Hope Is ta the Everlasting"'
(Stalner): full Cathedral service. 7:43 p. m.;
service In B (Max Bruch); organist and
choirmaster. William H. Holt. \u25a0\u25a0 - . -
TRINITY Church, Bush and Gough sts. —^Rer.
F. w. Clampett. D.D.. rector: Rev. James
Hulme. assistant. -J loly communion, . 1:30
a. m. Sunday school. 9:30 a. m. Morntnc
prayer. 11 o'clock. Eveninj \u25a0 praysr, 8
o'clock. The assistant will preach, moraine
and ' evening. •\u25a0 • \u25a0
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Tw«n-
tletb •>r n^ Capp streets (take "Mission or Val-
encia-street car) — C. Calvert Smoot. minister;
reetdenoe. 3470 Twentieth street. . Sunday
school at 9:45 a. m. ; morning s«rvtce at 11
o'clock; subject. "Is Traditional Cnristian-
Ity Pesslmlstlo?" Muslo by orchestra, and
choir under the direction of Professor H. •B.
Pasmore. ; AII cordially invited. N» evea-
lng service. \u25a0 \u25a0 - = -.-\u25a0:\u25a0
CALIFORNIA-ST. Methodist Church, comer
California and Broderick sts.— Rev. Gea A.
Hough, pastor." Rev. Dr. Wyeth will occupy
the pulpit this mornins. The Oliphant sla-
ters, the singing evangelists, .will speak and
( slog at the evening service and at tha spe-
cial services to b* held each evening till)
week.: Strangers cordially Invited. '"
GRACE Methodist Episcopal Church, corner
Twenty-first and Capp sts. ; Rev. F. M. Lar-
kln. Pa. D.. minister; residence. 316S Twen-
ty-first st.— Services, 11 a. m. and 7:45 p.
m.: Sunday school, 2:45 p. m. ; young peo-
ple's meeting. 6:30 p. m. ; 11 a. m.. \u25a0 sertaon
by Rev. Hall L. Calhoun of Lexington.- Ky.;
7:45 p. in., sermon by the Rev. W. H. Ptnkr
erton of Kentucky. Take Valenda-st. ears
or Mission-st. cars to Twenty-first at.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post St..
between Buchanan and Webster — Rev. 1..C
Meserve. D.D., pastor. Services at 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. In the mornins Rev. Geor«»
L. Snively of St. Louis. Mo., will preach,
and in the evening: Rev. P. A. Cave -of
Richmond, Va., thea* gentlemen being in at-
tendance upon the Missionary convention of
the Christian churches now in session In this
city. Mr. N. Fruchs will render tenor solos
mornins and evening. Sunday school at
9:30 a, m.; Christian Endevaor meeting at
g:45 p. m. -\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 • '\u25a0' \u25a0
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts.. Rev. George C Adams. D. D..
pastor— At 11 a. m.. preacher. Rev. J. A.
Garrison, D. D-. ot St. Louis; at T:45 *>•"••
preacher. Rev. H. O. Breden. I>. .D.. of I>es
Moinea. All are cordially Invited.
THIRD Congregational Church. Fifteenth St.,
near Mission — Rer. William Rader will
preach at both service*. 11 a. m.. "Beautiful
Lives"* 7:43 p. m., "The Gospel ot Leader-
shlp or a Preacher of the Olden Time."
FIRST Presbyterian Church." Van Ness avenue
and Sacramento street. Rev. William Klrle
Guthrie, pastor — Services at 11 a. m. and
7:43 p. m. Rev. H. O. Braeden. D. X> . D*»
Molnes. will preach In the morning and Rev.
H D Smith. D. D.. Hopklnsvllle, Ky.. will
preach In the. evening. Bible school, ft. -43 a.
m. Cnrtstian Endeavor. 6:30 p. m. Wed-
nesday. 8 p. m.. midweek senrtc*. All ar«
cordially Invited. • \u25a0 ' "'-'
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
son and Fillmore sts.— Rev. John Hemphlll.
D-. D.. pastor. Mornins service at 11 o'clock.
Rev. E. L. 'Powell of Louisville. Ky., will
preach. Evening service- at 7:43 o dock.
Rev. J J. Morgan of Kansas City. Mo., -will
preach." Sabbath-«chool at 9:30 a. m. Chris-
tian Endeavor meeting at 6:30 p. m. Prayer
meeting Wednesday evening at 3 o'clock. All
are cordially Invited. ' : .-:.••\u25a0»
FIRST Baptist Church. 320 Eddy st.— Rev. T.
G. Boares D. D.. pastor of Oak Part Church.
wIU preach at 11 a. m and 7:30
p. m. A. A- -Macurda. musical director;
Bible school meets. 12:30 p. m. ; Christian
Endeavor societies. 8:30 i>. m.: midweek
praysr service. 7:45 p. m. Wednesday. AU
are welcome.. Seats free. - . \u25a0 .
CHRISTIAN Science service — First Church ot
Christ. Scientist. Central block, 223 Sutter
St., bet. Kearny and Grant aye. Services, 11
a. m. and 7:45 p. m.; subject of lesson ser-
mon. . "Christ Jesus." Sunday school . for
children. 11 a. m. Wednesday evenlnff
meeting at 8 o'clock. Free reading rooms,
208 Kearny st. rooms 809-310. All are wel-
oome. \u25a0 '
REV. WILLLVM DE RONDEX-POS will
preach at the New Church (Swedenborglan)
Temple on O'Farrell St., between Webster
and Flllmore., at 11 a. m.; subject. "What
the New Church Stand* For." Sunday school
at 10 a. m.. Reading and discussion at »:43
p. m. All are cordially invited.'
A GREAT union mass meeting for men only
this Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock in . the 1
Young Men's Christian Association Audi-
torium, Mason and Ellis sts., will b» con-
ducted by the Oliphant Slaters of Chicago.
They will sing E several selections of their
most "choice music, and will give short ad-
dresses. This is one of the largest meetings
Of men in the United States. All seats in
the handsome auditorium will be free to men
to-day. Come . early .and- secure a go°d seat.
OJMiAND AD^BTCT y TS
OAKLAND REAL VBSTATB^ ,^
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE "QOMSaNY. ,
4«M68 Eighth st.. OaWMd»vyvj i: .vv.
= CENTRAL BUSINESS BLOCK- *•.;• •
•18.000— Fine, modern, . 3-story ;. business ; block ;
wltbln the > Immediate - environments of
Oakland's ; business center; 3 years' lease;
$1600 per annum; tenant pays water, and
. : repairs. ><\u25a0::. ,*:S. :,-^---'.-'-- \u25a0 : ::^y.;^ : - :v-'-,:
$700— Lot 35x100; street ' work 4oo»; near
Twenty-f ourtlr. and . F«bert ste.
. CENTRAL. FLATS. - - \u25a0'-
116.000— Four fine, modern flats, 6 rooms each;
- Income $1200 per, annum; convenient to
:" Fourteenthrst. t depot. V ' '
' $2,ooo— Lot 2SSSO; hear ThlrUeth ' and Ban
- • Pablo aye. ; cheap. . - ;
SAN PABLO-AVB. , BUSINESS BITB.
*fi.500-*-Flne : business site, 55x138; cottage
and store (plain); very dose In; its posi-
tion Insures rapid value. Increase; buy
. ; : nOW. r.:- -•\u25a0.•.-\u25a0-\u25a0;-\u25a0•\u25a0' '. \u25a0 ' v.':. ; ; ; : ;r .:S>£t;-': ,
$750— Good lot, 60x138; street work complete;
- near Key -Route. <H , •
LAKESIDE DISTRICT RESIDENCE.
f10,600— Elegant residence, 18 rooms, - nearly
\u25a0 : new ', . \u25a0 frescoed ceilings ; hand . carved
' mantels ; beautiful : Interior; furnace ; ; : 80
xlso;barn.t shrubbery; 5 minutes' wait
' to banking center; most up to date home
; 'v 3 In this exclusive section; inspection In-
- vlted. -; ; .-. ''-; \u25a0; : :\u25a0*\u25a0 : ' .-. :;;.-'\u25a0. _.:"'
HilOO-^-Bargaln; lot- 75x183; street work com-
^ \u25a0plete;near i Thlrty»6econd st. .'
\u25a0ACREAGE INVESTMENT.
$6,ooo—^Slx--- acres, \u25a0 elevated and sheltered
land; within city limits; over 1200 feet
frontage; on car line; a picturesque loca-
tion of natural beauty.
$600— Lot 25x106; street work done;; near
Fifth and Union st. depot. \
A CLEAN PROPERTY. .'l^v.
$4,soo— Extra ..well built residence. 9 rooms;
easily made Into fiats; near Eighth and
.'\u25a0.•.'.\u25a0•..:' Oak. sts.. \u25a0_:\u25a0\u25a0"•>- w \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 •"\u25a0-'" \u25a0 -' -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' :^:-
$4,250 — Fine, . modern home, 8 rooms, reception
-\u25a0 \u25a0 hall; hardwood floors; extra Interior fin-
"-'-'-: : I sh;. cove ceilings; deep lot; central lo-
cation.
$3,750 — Modern colonial, 7 rooms, bath, double
stairs; $2COO flat loan; near Grove and
Thirtieth sts. \ . , .
$3,2so— Modorn cottage house. 8 rooms, gas,
laundry, 'high basement; choice location;
near Twenty-third st. and Telegraph
aye. /
$2.650 — Modern cottage. 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment; near Twentieth and Franklin sts.
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
' HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT, -
1 1060 Broadway, Oakland. "
$3500— Bargain >on Telegraph avenue; only
two blocks from • 40th street , Key route ;
. six large rooms and bath; house In first-
<\u25a0 class condition ; lot 37:6x140. This prop-
erty cheap at $3750; can be bought for
$1600 cash, balance on- long time mort-'
rage. ; Rent $27 50. (181)
$3500— This elegant story and half bungalow
--\u25a0.:'• on the' east side of Shattuck aye., near
63d street, faces on the Poirer Tract.
This tract is being cut up into fine lots
. and will be built up with good homes.
This 7-room home is well worth $4000
and can be bought, for ?500 cash, balance
, easy terms. ; Complete in every detail of
modern finish. Dark' wo;d In dining-
room and parlor. . : (88)
?2850— North side of 39th street, near Grove,
and only one block from 40th street Key
route depot. New cottage: can
be bought for $400 -cash, balance $25 per
month. . r . \u25a0 ; <'\u25a0 (Bd)'
$3230— 9-room story and half house, in flrst-
class condition on the north side of S6th
street; lot 37:6x150. Has driveway on
side. - . This Is the biggest enap ever put
on the 'market. Absolutely a sacrifice.
Worth $3500. . . . (117)
$2250-«^-room cottage with high basement on
Howe street, near the 40th street . Key
route terminus. This property Increasirg
in. value every day. and will •. bring good
rent. First-class income Investment." (i:- 8)
$1000— Beautiful lot. 40x172 feet, on the north
side of the prettiest street In North Oak-
land—Ventura, or 61st street. ; Only half
block- from' Shattuck \u25a0 avenue, only one
. block from Grove, :We sold two lots
'.on thl3- street In the ' past . two weeks to
Pan Francisco people, who will erect nice
.. homes here; : Shielded from the winds by
'a beautiful : grove on the : west. Lot
worth $1100.
ONLY A FEW SANTA FE LOTS LEFT AT
' THE ORIGINAL PRICE. DON'T LET
THEM ALL GET AWAY. FROM YOU.
EVERYTHING WEST t" OF GROVE
STREET \u25a0 SOLD : WITH" THE . EXCEP-
TION bF HALF A DO2BN GOOD LOTS.
HOLCOMB, BREED A- BANCROFT,*
1060 Broadway, Oakland. .
REALTY-BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (Inc.),
1172 BROADWAY. - \u25a0\u25a0 -
Corner Fourteenth «t.-r- — — j OAKl^ajjO AKI^ajj v
... . , . $2760. '' - '
Very fine cottage home, on north side of_ fin :
\u25a0, isned street, near Key Route; lot *<*££'
house contains 5 large rooms and bath. nne.
\u25a0 high basement, j
New, modern, two-story "house._ on north side
of finished street, near the Telegraph aye.
depot of Key Route; lot 35x115; house has
8 rooms and bath.
$3250. „
New, . two-storj'. 6-room colonial house °.J!LinJv
. amore street, near Grove street; lot JJXIW.
•very easy terms.
\u25a0 '\u25a0 ; . \u25a0 C- -' V
$5250. ' -.„
Very fine proposition, right " In. town.^on lWii
street, close to Broadway; lot 50x100; -two-
etory house of 9 rooms and bath: could easily
be turned into flats; plenty of room on -DOtn
sides of bouse. - '
On • Vernon Heights, near Perry; lot 60xU2;
very desirable house of 7 rooms and batri;
room for. four more rooms; very fine neigh-
On Perry street, close to car line; . lot 60x200;
very fine modern house of 8 rooms and bath;
best of locations, \u25a0 and \u25a0 a bargain.
INCOME PROPERTY.
. $4-oOFlats.
.On Union street; best loaatlon; 2 modern flats
of 5 and 6 rooms each; lot 35x133: present
. Income $47 50 per month.
\u25a0 \u25a0? f6300.":
Two very fine, modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms
each, on Oak street, near Ninth; lot 30x100.
" This - location always- Insures good tenants.
Present. income of $65 per month.
PIEDMONT CORNER LOT.
$5500.
150x110— Corner. OaKland aye. and Hillside;
street work all finished. This is one ot the
most desirable lots in this section.
PIEDMONT HOME.'
Must Be Sold.
Owner leaving California and must sell. This
house Js new and modern, elegantly finished;
has 8 large rooms, reception hall and latest
conveniences throughout; NE corner lot, 50x
150; ' street work finished: price $7250; cost
over 50000. . , ;
REALTY-BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (Inc.*.
1172 BROADWAY,
\u25a0Corner Fourteenth st.-: —OAKLAND
..- OAKIiAJfDvRJBALyBSTATBj. ;
ttB belling fast
it's selling fast:
IT'S SELLING FAST : ;
ITS AN» IDEAL PLACE,FOR A HOME.
ITS AN IDEAL PLACE FOR' A HOME. •
IT'S AN IDEAL PLACE FOR A HOME.
' HIGHLAND SUBDIVISION
HIGHLAND SUBDIVISION
HIGHLAND SUBDIVISION
-.;• OF
OF
OF' - .
ADAMS POINT PROPERTY.
ADAMS POINT PROPERTY.
ADAMS POINT PROPERTY.
OVERLOOKING LAKE MERRITT.
OVERLOOKING' LAKE MERRITT.
GRAND VIEW.
GRAND VIEW.
THE CHOICEST AND MOST BEAUTIFUL
RESIDENCE PROPERTY EVER-
OFFERED IN OAKLAND.
LOW PRICES AND EASY TERMS.
LOW PRICES AND EASY TERMS. -
STREETS ARE. BEING SEWERED. MACAD-
AMIZED AND SIDE WALKED. .
WE WILL BUILD TO BUIT PURCHASERS.
Don't Forget Low Prices and Easy Terms.
Don't Forget Low Prices and Easy Terms.
W«bster-st.' electric car line from 14th and
Broadway passes the property; on' llo- foot
boulevard.
•\u25a0••\u25a0 - \u25a0••"\u25a0-\u25a0*. \u25a0..\u25a0.'\u25a0•.,„" \^: \u25a0 .-;. : T -.:.'.\u25a0.-'"'?\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0-. ;'
HIGHLAND SUBDIVISION
HIGHLAND SUBDIVISION
Is surrounded by tome of ..the finest homes In
Oakland, and is only. 5 minutes' ride or 10
minutes' walk from the center of the city.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO., '<?
J. H. MACDONALD & CO.,
1052 Broadway. J
1052 Broadway,
Or o.ur agents on the property at offlce, I
Corner Grand aye. and Park View Terrace.
CATALOGUES MAY BE HAD AT EITHER
OFFICE FREE.
FEUITVALE ADy!T ? SMNTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE."
HENRY BARKMEYER,
1206 Fruitvaie Avenue. Frultvile, CaL
Choice Choice . Choice \u25a0
Lou. • Lots. ' .^rfi"'
\u25a040x132. 40x182. 40x132.
Fronting on car line and main county roaa,
city water; streets graded and macadam-
ized; terms $10 down and $5 per mooiii.
Don t fail to \u25a0*« thei« before buying t" 6 -
where.
$Soo— Neat cottage of 8 rooms, pantry, clos-
etr. etc.; sewer, and city water; good
stable; Urmt »2©o caih, balance $8 per
month; * blocks from Fruitvai* station.
$1200— House of 2 rooms; Jot 100x135, in bear-
ing fruit trees; 2 cnlckjn houees; shelte.ej
location' on macadamized street, near car
mi c . Teiics *^w/ ens", «Mialu.< Hi «->••
month. \u25a0 \u25a0 -
$U0J — ut age o' 4 - lar* e ro;ms ana latn.
high b-temeat; lot 50x175: fonvenle'.i. M
cars and schooi; fln«> lcci.ion. . \u25a0 \u25a0
?2050— Nea.l/ one acre o un.- la..d; all fenced
with tight boxrd un:.; ne* ana c ega-t
cottage if 4 rooms hsj b .ta; hall, pa..iry,
c.cseis, ex.; \±\%i iroU jocb; >.ni.kt-n
noute*; clty-WAter; aa excftlle M place tor
TaiAng ibi-hen!-. .
5220J — iiOaern cj oniil .house of 5 r.< ms aa d
lah; lot ;o*«2i>; 2-s or/ barj; • bio ks
from hrultvale siatlcn; easy terms li ue--
s red. \u25a0
$2300 — *itO cash, balan • $25 p r mon:h;two-
ttory hoise cf 7 rocms and laxh; z tX'.-
pi4.es; hgh Lasem-nt; k- od we , w.nd-
niill ana xank; ttiO-e .nd f.ui. trees in
bearins; lot OoxUo; high tlevation, n*if
block from Fruilvt».e av^nut.
FOIt SALE IN EAST OAKLAND.
$3500 — JuvUtm i.-^-story «-«s.Uein;e . o*. . S rooms
and bath; 2 mante s; gcod-8 zed * lets
s.iee. wjjk, cement sidswalki &nd curb g
all complete; high iic\at.u.i; b.st r;
d nee sec ion in fiatt Oak and. Ihis
place musi bt s.ep to be a pr.-cia e^
te.ms f4ou ca*h, tbia cj *35 pe. nuna.
$C5OO — A aamfioe; 2-.t0.-y mansl.n pi 12 iarfee
rooms and laigj attic; a 1 to rm; twj-
story Ihr.i; toner lot, 6.X1.5 t> .11 ;y ;
B.r<.et work an 1 sidewalks all Cvmpet-'S
:hiu.btry and large s a.e"t c s; 1 .- ock
from car ,lne; in chgant t-l.ce lor doc-
tor's home or tan.tanum; cas/ terms If
daslrcd. For ia tcuiari" apply to "•"
HEXRY HA.HKaxEitK, ' \u25a0 •
1206 Fru.tvale ave-ue, FiultVule, Cal. "
'le.epbone Br^Ox 17-1. - \u25a0 \u25a0
Offlce coed bunoaje, exve.-t by appolntmjit^
CHARLES ARMSTRONG, FRUITVALE.
$Sso— House of 3 rooms, furnished; lc«. 60x110
feet; tree*, vegetable* and berries; within two
blocks of school and car line. • < ' - - • \u25a0 -
$1250— Lot 150x150; house of 2 large rooms,
closets and pantry and 6 outhouses; $600 ea»h,
balance to suit.
$1300— House of 4 rooms downstairs and 2
upetairs; corner \u25a0 lot,. ,50x150.
$1500— House of 6 rooms; lot 50x1601 grown
fruit trees, berries, pump and well.
$2100— Lot . 75x125; furnished cottage of 5
rooms and bath: barn, chicken houses, 76
chickens; lawn and flowers; *7&0 cash, balance
on terms' of $15 per month at 8 per cent.
Lou in Moss tract, 40x140, $200; terms, $20
cash and balance- to suit.
Lots in Gem tract, 25x160, $150; easy terms.
Other cheap property in different locations.
C. A, ARMSTRONG,
Real Estate and Fire Insurance,
East Fourteenth et.. near High,
1 Fruitvale.
Take Hay wards car to Twenty- third aye.
$ICO3— HOUSE cf 4 rcoms, bath, pa- try an 1
high bacement; half tlosk t.-o.ii -ca s;
Xt 40x140. -
$150J — 2-room house; hard finished; o: ]50x
100. this price 'include:. 150 cnickens and
nece -s.iry garden tools. - -
$!500— .New 3-room home: bath, pantry and
hail; hard finished; Ist 57;.x120; 4 blocks
from local siation; hiilf bl.Ci irom Fru t-
vale aye.
M. C. GIBSON.
• Corcer Washington and Fruitvale Aye.,
F.u.tvale.' t
OAKXAJfD REAIi ESTATE.^; '~J-j
.A NEW TRACT.
* XUST OPENED, 1 .
Ttt AN ESTABLISHED RESIDENCE DIS-
LINDA VISTA.
A. JT. SNYDER'S. \u25a0
iraDmsioK ot block h.
CHOICEST PROPERTY ON
LINDA VISTA ' TERRACB.
Situated on the highest point overlooking the
Bay of San Frandsoo; i». minutes to the city
of San Francisco.
Ten minutes to Fourteenth and Broadway.
Oakland.
Oakland-a ye. cars pass tha .Tract every 1
minutes, direct to tha Key Route. Take Oak-
land-aye. cars, and ; stop at Santa Rosa aye.
Call or address.
A. .3. SNYPEB.
REAL ESTATE BROKER AND DEALER,
- * FIRE INSURANCE.
901 BROADWAY, COR. EIGHTH.
BERKELEY APVEB/rS'NTS
BEHKEI-EV REAL ESTATE. w
FRANCIS FEiUUER,
DEALER IN WKAL ESTATE IiARGAINS ! 1
mi fcaattuck Aye.. Berkeley. Cal.. Opposite
Key Koute {Station.
ONLY TWO BLOCKS LEFT in one of the
most popular and best selling tracts ever put
en the lierkeley market. A special and at-
tractive srioe will be made on the remainder
of tbe tract- First come first served.
LOT 6 FOR SALE . ! , -.
45x130 — Good canny corner $1000
44*itK>— Ea*t front, Close in ~ »IWO
A6xiaO— Oa Telegraph aye. *li£o
4^xl3o— ln tbe posuiar McGEE TRACT,
SPLENDID BUY ...$««!>
41x135 — in the Humphrey Tract, can be had
for *'W
By paying only (250 down and balance $50
quarterly. Splendid opportunity — don't
let it pass you.
6Ovl3s— Mathews Tract ?550
VOxlOO— Oood business corner $17,500
A HOME ALREADY BUILT FOR YOU !
4-room cottage on Dwlght Way, nice heme,
fxuit trees bearing v...52u00
&-room bungalow; new and modern ...rs2«K>
fc rooms and bath, fine old residence close to
" University cf California grounds ..*4(XK>
£ rooms aad bath; good Income property. .*sl»<o
7 rooms; SSWi muet be sacrificed on ac-
count of sickness of owner; cood loca-
tion ....$3laU
& rooms. on Dwight Way; CONTRACT
PRICE; almost cost of material... s23oo
$7100 — Beautiful cew 5-rooai bungalow, with-
in two minutes' walk of Ashby station;
E2 minutes from San Francisco by Key
Route; west frontage; street work and
cement walk; gas and electricity in every
room; porcelain bath; modern plumbing;
wash trays and every other convenience;
nice hich lot. This Is the best bargain
or the klcd in Berkeley.
93000 — Handsome 2-etory. e-room house ; on
corner lot; street worlt complete; one
block east of Ashby station; all con-
veniences.
EMfeLIE &. LORENZ. Ashby Station.
™ ALLEN'S SPECIALS."
$300 — 4-room cottage; paved street*.
$1750— Nice modern 4-room cottage; near ears.
$2250 — Corner; 120x135; macadamited streets;
cheap 6-room house.
$2350 — 6 rooms and basement; dose In.
3H350 — Handsome new house; 8 large rooms;
full lot: neax Telegraph.
$7750 — Elegar.t, artistic new house of 11 rooms;
very choice location and central.
W* have large lists of touses and lots and
refcl-irr.ee- lots at a wide range of prices; better
see us before buying.
LrMAN ALLEN. 2129 Center st.
«00 FARMS for tale; from 10 to 600 acres;
house and lots in all parts of Berkeley; fine
lot. $700: worth $1000. T. STEVENSON,
South Berkeley.
FOR sale — Modern 6-room and basement cot-
tage. 2 blocks west of South Berkeley Bank;
•atne street. Owner, 1510 Harmon St.. South
Berkeley. J_
ARTISTIC Swiss house. 10 rooms; built a year
ag> In substantial style for a home-, $bOOO.
Box 6048. Call otfice. Oakland.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR ren»— ln North Berkeley; house of 7
rooms: IVi acres of ground: $l-'0; water extra.
Apply WARREN CHENEY & CO., 2052 Cen-
ter St.. First National Bank building.
FRUITVALE ADV ; T ? S3L\TS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
" 1151 23D AYE.
EAST OAKLAND REAL EJTATE,
JOHN AU6EON. REAL ESTATE AND IN-
SURANCE.
1181 23d aye. Phone Brook 2351.
Get off 23d-ave. station.
$2600— A beautiful home in Fruitvale; 7-room
house; strictly modern; large yard; 75x
100 ft.; all improved in fruit trees and
berries and flowers; hedged with drive-
way; this is certainly a barrain.
$2100— 5-room house and bath; lot 110x125;
barn, chicken-house; all the furnishings
ard 100 chickens go with it at that
price; $750, balance $15 per month.
$2100 5-room, modern house; lot 100x150; suit-
able for email chicken ranch; $700 down,
balance to cult you; more ground If de-
sired.
$1550 — 4-room modern house; hardwood finish;
this lot 55x160; fronts two streets; can
give terms.
$1400 — i-room modern house in good location;
S blocks from 23d-ave. local station; $600
down, balance $12 per month. Why pay
rent?
$1300— Must be sold this week; house of 4 large
rooms on good-sired lot; two blocks from
2od-ave. station; terms.
$650 — Are you looking fcr income property?
If so, buy this 4-rocm modern house; 2
blocks from local: cash.
$1600 — A new 4-rocm house: bath; large base-
ment; this is an up-to-date, modern
house: lot 40x115; half block off car line.
$200 — Lo{« in Mobs Tract on San Leandro
toad; 40x135 ft.; cash $10 and $5 per mo.
LOTS. LOTS. LOTS. LOTS.
$200. $200. $200. $200.
40x150 ft. ; on new boulevard ; 400 to be sold ;
$10 down and $5 p<»r month.
These are fine building lots; $150 each; $10
down. $5 per month; look them up if you are
thinking of building a borne.
\u25a026 acr»s of good land On Oakland aye.; $750
per acre: will subdivide to suit.
JOHX AtTSEON. Open Sunday.
1151 23d aye. Get off 23d-ave. station.
Phoae Brook 2351.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station. Cal.
FOR SALE IN SUBDIVISIONS.
Eight-acre tract, all In bearing rru;t trees: Just
subdivided in large lots of 50x175 feet;
choice and healthful location; twautlfu!
surrounding* ; street macadamlted; ' fine
drainage; city water, pipes all laid,
etc.; title perfect: price $500 per lot. for
cssh or en ftsey payments; located at the :
intersection of Peraita aye. and School st.. ;
two blocks east of Fruitvaie-ave. car line!
Will build homes to suit on very eai»y :
terms. For particulars apply to owner. H.
A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale ttaticn.
$1090— Cozy cottage of 4 rooms, with lot &0x
110; fruit trees, etc.; also furniture; a
nice little home in a vtry handy location;
easy terms.
$900 — New cottage of 4 rooms In a fine ne;*h-
. bcrhood; lot 45x93; one block from car :
line; $100 down, balance $10 per month.
$350 — New house of 2 rooms and hall pantry:
' lot 50x346; EJ&all payment down, balance
on tti vis.
$llfW>-~»Ceat cottage of S rooms: bam. etc.: lot
Cox2sfr; fronting oa two streets.
$ISsO— Fin* cottage of 4 rooms; barn, chlcken-
hoo**s. fruit trew: right in town and
close to station ; can be bought on" easy
terms.
$1500— Brand-new cottar* of 4 rooms; hall;
porcelain bath; basement, etc.; lot 45x
115: on« block from car line.
and modern cottage of 5 rooms;
hall and bath: basement; walks and side-
4'i>;; v mmJk* alj laid: barn, etc.; lot 38x125; 4
blocks from local staticn.
$2100 — Modern cottape of 5 rooms; hall; bath:
basement; lawn; berry vinesr etc.; lot
37:6x100; 2 blocks from Frultvale elation;
"a big barcaln. - * .
jSßOft— Beautiful o-t-oora cottage; all modern:
lot 56x285; a choice hftme.
$500 per acre; 3*6 acres north of San Leandro
road.
$800 per acre: S acres at the foothlllß.-
H. A. PLEITNER. PrUltvale Station. Cal.
~ W. E. RUDELL.
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE. ,
Ccrrer Fruit% r ale aye. and Washington st. |
$575 — NO. 161— Cottage; 4 rooms; chicken
houses aad barn: fruit trees:
lDt 100x100; reasonable terms.
f 1100— No. 176— House. 2 rooms; city wat«r;
chicken houses, etc.; lot 50x2C5;
terms t-'SOO cash, balance same
as chess rent. •
$)400— No. 120— Cottage. A rooms; city water:
chicken houses and stable; lot
150x150; terms.
$1300 — No. 40— -"Cottage. 4 rooms; corner, lot
100x140; good location: terms,
$250 casih. balance to suit.
$1400— No. IC6— House, 5 rooms; fruit trees,
flowers and ' berrlea;- chicken
house* «nd barn; lot 55x150; 2
blocks from car line; reason-
able terms. fawMijtt
$4400— N0. 28— New, modern house; 7 rooms
and bath; located on Frultvale
aye. This is a bargain.
For rent— s2s per month; chicken ranch; 600
chickens. 600 plreona, 3 incuba-
tors, brooder house large enough
for 200 chickens; house 2 rooms.
For rent— slo pet menth; house 4 room*; lot
50xSOO; 12 minutes' walk to
station.
W. E. RUDELL,
Soufaeast comer Fruttvale aye. and- Wash -
lnctcn st.. Frultvale, Cal.
LINDA PARK, LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK
The terminus of S-cent fare. Hay wards 'cars;
streets graded and graveled ;- stone sidewalks*
depot on tract: lots from $50 to $200; $20 cash
and balance |10 per month; 15 blocks to local
train: best 'located property on San Leandru
road; graded school on tract. Apply to S. S.
AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third aye.. Oakland. "\u25a0\u25a0
COTTAGE; 5 rooms, bath; 25-ft. barn; chjek-
«n yard, «tc; 60x150: 1 mile Fruitvale sta*
. t)«n. Haywartie line; this week, *130t>; terms.
EMITH, 554 Strrenscn et., 6. F.
$550— NICE little building lot on Goldman aye..
In Fruitvale; 60 feet front, back to creek;
not very deep; central location and a snap
for a cheap home. GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway, Oakland. , . . .
fruitvale: furmshed rooms.
A LADY who has a pleasant home would like
to rent rooms to business gentlemen.' Ad-
dress 1417 Fremont aye., FrultvaJe. ' \u25a0
OAKLAND \u25a0ApyERT > S > M >l l i S
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY. .
- OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
STEWART & BROWN, " -.\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 .\u25a0/,'."
678 Broadway, Oakland.
Successors to
E. J. STEWART CO.
$400— 50x100; 6th and Anthony, Berkeley.
$650—32x100; coi*. near 24th and Adeline.
)1200 — 40x130; Vernon St., Piedmont.
$1750 — Neat cottage, 5 rooms,' bath and laun-
dry; Lily, near Telegraph aye.; ft catsfl.
$-250 — Ccttage, could be made into a store
with 4 rooms; lot 40x143 on San Pablo
aye.; -good location.
$2500 — Five blocks from Key Route Etatlon at
40th and San Pablo; neat cottage, 8
rooms; lot 35x127; $1000 cash. \u25a0 : - '^ .
$2750— Beautiful modern cottage; 5 rooms;
. 37th et.. near Tele-jrapn aye.; short walk
from Key Route; $500 cash, balance, easy
• Installments. , ..
. ' ' \u25a0
$3000— Great sacrifice: modern 2-story dwell-
ing, 7 rooms and south front; recently
renovated and painted ; near Key Route,
east of Telegraph. ,.
$3650 — Bargain. Piedmont District: modern 6-
roorn dwelling, gas and electricity; --lot
40x120; near car line. '
MOSS TRACT— MOSS TRACT— MOSS TRACT.
Only A Few More Left.
We are now offering the few remaining lots
in the beautiful tract at .very. low. prices and
easy. terms. These lots are 40x135; level; high
elevation: excellent climate; on the car. lino.'
near the boulevard. The inside lots are $310
and' crmers $£50. Only $25 and $10 per
j month. . ".. ' . ,
; Get in on the ground floor before the value
of this : land advances.
Remember, only a few more left.
WHY do you ttay at home? Because you can-
not go to Camp Meeker or to Santa Cruz and
attend to your Vuslness? We . have ; many
lots, large and small, in the finest part of
. the finer t county. In the State, that Is, along
the foothills south of Oakland. 'V Buy a lot or
two, 40x132.\at $125. to $250 each. We will
build . you a 4-room house. Camp Meeker
style, for $250. : Then have ' an ' outing: and
attend to your business , at the same time.
"Homes- In Oakland and Berkeley. A few
bargains in ; West Oakland. -
A fine corner, , 86x91, 24 in st. and SSth avc '
East . Oakland ; street work all done, $1000*
. Two good . lots, 50x140 each; $3GO for the
pair. Just ; opposite . we have two more . lot.",
same size, .with r a good 4-room house,' barn'
chicken-house 'and yard, graveled drive and
walks; in good order, for : $lOOO. : CHAPIN
& BOOTH. 1263 Broadway. Oakland. -
~~~ ' BEST. BUY IN OAKLAND.- ~~~
: To whom - a nice 12- room house, large lot
and stable i* suitable; good locality; all street
work - complete; close . to main car line; . easy
walk to San Francisco local; $3000 can be* bor-
rowed on'the property; it will be sold cheap;
make us an Offer, but be quick. •>; .'-'•-.-
WILLIAM. M. BUTTERS,: '\u25a0'\u25a0,
4CS Eleventh st., Oakland. ,
• OAKLAND VRKAIit ESTATE. .
AN opportunity to buy a good -home cheap;
2-6 tory house of 6 rooms, bath and pantry;
electric light, city water, sewer, -etc.; lot-
28x105; barn; good location: one block from
school and electric carp; near local trains;
reduced for Immediate sale; price $2200. See
owner, 3415 Washington st.. Frultvale, Cal.
FOR rent — Poultry ranch and S-room house;
3 large poultry houses; unlimited range; In
foothills, upper • Frultvale; only $10 \u25a0 per
month; also several cottages and large lots
to rent ch-ep. Houses and building lots for
£ale at reasonable prices; best part of
Frultvale. near cars.
STOTTS & RHODA.
Dimond. Upper Frultvale.
$2250 — NEARLY new 2-story house of 8 rooms.
close to electric line and near local; lot 4'.>x
1C0; street work complete; elevated site;
south front; house will cost $2409 to build
to-day; a real bargain.
1 $6250— Lovely home; modem house, -18
rooms; good stable; lot SOx 125; central prop-
erty; cost twice the urice asked. \u25a0
R. M. ANTHONY, 422 Tenth st. ;
FOR sale — Lot 92:6x260; 5-room. shingle cot-
tage; 2-story barn; well and pump; all
fenced: finest chicken ranch in Alameda
County; all new and up to date; will ex-
change for good -ranch, of 16 to 20 acres;
price $3000. Address P. O. box 495. Frult-
vale. or take Mills College cars to Vernon
station, one block north.
A FINE lot of 450 young chickens/ a horse,
wagon, harness, tools; 11 houses; all wired;
incubators; brooders; house Of 4 rooms; one
acre land; rent $10; price $450. I also have
a large list of houses and lots for sale. M.
H. KENISTON, cor. Hopkins and Peraita
a*e., Dimond P. O.THE SAN '; FRANCISCO ;Cr\LL;g 20, 1905.//
41
EDUCATIONAL.
LODGINO-HOUSBS FOR SAIiB.
A— CAMERON A CO.— — — Pbon* Bouth IOB*X
8 Eddy st, cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarter* for . Rooming-house*, ! Hotel* and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
\u25a0' 70 ; rooms; * new,' , modern, downtown house t
cheap rent, long, lease; well furnished; first-
class condition; choice location and clear* over
$250 per month;. to be so)d at big bargain// .
18 rooms; Ellis st; rent only $70; newly fur.
nlshed: finest kind of location; bargain, $1050.
- 28 rooms 1 new, modern buildings; new and
elegantly furnished ; 'i first-class downtown lo-
cation; cheap rent with lease; moat complete
house of Its size in city; call for particulars.
18 rooms; EUis st ; rent only |T0; newly fur-
pete ; money-making houae; price $880. ,\u25a0.;'.;..
0 room*; central; rent $32 60; ' elegantly fur-
nished' little home; fine: buy; at $380.
24 rooms; beautiful little apartment house;
choice location: . cheap rent; elegantly fur-
nished ;. 3 and 4 rooms eaoh ; new, modern la
•very particular; ill-health cause of sale.
180- room, new, modern, up-to-date apart-
ment house; elegantly furnished; choice loca-
tion; full ' beat olaas , of people and clearing
$450 per month; owner. obliged to leave city
and to b* sold at bargain. . \u25a0 \u0084 . \u25a0 .
18-room corner house; fine location; oak fur-
niture; good carpets; everything first-class con-
dition 1 all full and clearing $75 per month* an
excellent buy at $1260. ,
. 44 rooms; fine corner, do** tat wall fur-
nished throughout; always full and pays band-
*om*ly; biggest bargain la oltyj prio* $3600."
80 rooms, n*w and modem! fin. location;
w*U furnished and paying well, but owner 1*
obliged to l*av* oity, and. to make quick aal*
reduced to half cost to furnish for fIBOO. .
14 rooms] fin. location | rsnt only $80 1 Berth
Market; good furniture and carpets; all fullj
prlc* $760\
-r: \ /
83 rooms, downtown; r*nt $100; good furni-
ture and carpets, and \i run right oan mak*
a mint of money out of 1( and will only tak*
$200 to get In; balanc* can b* paid out, *f
house; pric* $1000. ' •
Large list of. axohangM of all kind* always
on hand. , -• /., ,
A. CAMERON tk CO.. 8 EPDT BT.
SCHWEINHARD A CO. (established 1883);
phone Jessie 804 L 1003% Market st (near
PoweU). Buyers, we ,BeU rooming, apart-
ment and boarding houses at honest values.
References, our patrons.' \u25a0--..
FISHER ft C 0...... Phone Main 8384
Room 438, James Flood building.
\u25a0 Furnished rooming-houses, hotels and flats.
$600— HOUSE of SB rooms; rent $80, 2 years'
lease. 848 Howard it _^
LODGING-HOUSE of 8 rooms, all full! must be
sold at one*. 231 Stevenson st «
* Roomloff-Hoiuei and Hotels for Sale.
MARION*; GRIFFIN. • ..:/ • .'. .
MARION GRIFFUi. *r
MARION GRIFFIN.
870 — Market — St — room — 801 —Eighth
no or _ James — I Flood — Building — opposite
• •The Emporium." — Phone — Main— 3343.
Modern — Business — Methods — ROOMING
and* — APARTMENT — ; Houses. — Abstracts
furnished. — AU —-titles'— guaranteed..
—Our — Ellis —St — Entrance • — le-^ \u25a0
'.1.-.. —-Opposite — \u25a0"\u25a0-'\u25a0= \u25a0•...\u25a0.•-'*\u25a0'-,' <
—THE — GOLDEN WEST -— \ HOTEL —
— THB — .-: ELEVATOR— .
A small partment bouse of . '
.'-. . - -•- .- -:\u25a0 — 28- rooms — . : . •: . .
Seven 4-room apartments. -
New, modern and strictly up to dat*.
— Tbe own*r— .
• —occupies on* apartment of 4 room* —
Th* other 6 apartments -are rented - to , .
—HIGH-CLASS TENANTS—
A little over $107 profit monthly.
Th* furnishings are exceptionally nio*. -
—Cost $2SOO-r
We oan *aU for $1000 less ' than ocst -
—IT IS— *"
—LOCATED—- •
i — in a v*ry— -
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE NEIGHBORHOOD.
If you want a nice, - oleaa busines* w* advise
you to call and I Investigate this meritorious
*V MARION^ GRIFFIN, -
870 Market.' opposite "The Emporium."
STRAIOHT ' ROOMINO- HOUSE.
88 room*. '„ *» room*.
— NSTJT—
—and— : -.•\u25a0••
' — MODERN— :
— Building—
5 Blocks north ot Market st
It Is extra well furnished throughout
Remember ther* ar* 21 private bath*. .
Everything strictly flrst-olaaa, guaranteed.
—The Bankable JProfltr-
— each month— •\u25a0\u25a0<\u25a0--,; :
—I* a fraction over $218— -
Caters only to good spenders.
NOTE. — This house is th* beat of Its slss
" GRIFFIN, ' V
970 Market opposite "Ths Emporium,"
; *^ M *""— * \u25a0 , « - -
GREAT BARGAIN. * GREAT REDUCTION.
26 room*— ' ' "
\u25a0 — 28 rooms—
—SO rooms.
Full of new and . beautiful furnishings.
—8 blocks north of -Market at—
Fine Wrdseye maple— heavy velvet carpets.
— Running .water— .
" — in every room—- \
Bank mortgage $1880.
and on easy terms. . \u25a0 '
—If you—
—could • only pay—
$800 down w-e can. arrange th* balaao* in
installments at low Interest^
—MARION GRIFFIN—
__870 Market st— '
Opposite ' Th* ' Emporium,"
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A—sl3oo;A — $1300; CORNER saloon oh Mission at; the
very best location In the Mission; 3 rooms;
rent $30; a good place and a bargain. Sea
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — CIGAR stand on Market st, dose to
Chronicle building; $375 for fixtures; stock at
invoice; a rare chance; no better location.
Call R. Q. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— s2ooo: CORNER saloon on California st,
near Sansome; net rent $80; lease; elegantly
fitted up ealoon and a first-class paying busi-
ness; full value in sight R. G. WILKB, 2<}%
Kearny st
A— s3oo; RESTAURANT in SausaUto; choicest
location: rent $25; place seats 40 people; do-
ing a good business: full value in sight. Par-
tlcuiars. R. Q. WILKE, 20% Kearny st
A— sl2so; SALOON, close to R. R. depot and
freight sheds; rent $40; a good paying and
nicely fitted up place; only reason for sell-
ing sickness of owners; investigate this sa-
loon; it is a bargain and good buy. Par-
tlculars. R. G. WILKE). 26% Ktarny st.
A—ss2s;A — $525; NOTION and variety store on Mason
St.; 4 living rooms; rent $25; proprietor must
sell on account of sickness ; rare chance for
man and wife. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st \u25a0
A— s3ooo: CORNER ealoon; most prominent on
water front; long lease; must be sold quicks
trouble between man and wife causes sale.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— Jl25O; SALOON and liquor store on Polk
street; place established 16 years: $600 stock
guaranteed; a rare chance. Bee R. G.
WILKB. 26% gearny st
$2500— SALOON in wholesale olstriot; estab-
lished 20 year*; full value in sighti rent $68;
owner must attend estate In Germany. Par-
Uculars R. Q. WILKE, 26% Kearny at
A—sl2so;A — $1250; CORNER delicatessen store and
dairy product on Fillmore st| a flrst-elass
location: ca«h trade; rent F45; value In sight
Call R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— sl6oo; CORNER ealoon with 8 years' lea*e|
new building; 2 rooms; elegant fixture*;
place surrounded by factories and ware-
houses; a bargain. Call R. G. WILKB, 26%
Kearny at. ' -
A— $1000; SALOON on Oth at; about 1 block
from Market at; a good paying bualnass:
great bargain; location cannot be beat Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A $1000 CHICKEN ranch across the bay;
weekly Income for eggs alone $40: 7-room
house. 1 acre land; rent only $11 80. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—s6so;A — $650; CORNER cigar stand; 5 blocks from
Chronicle building; place clears above $100
per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— siooo; CORNER grocery and bar; B blocks
from corner Market and Powell; an old-es-
tablished store, known to be one of b««t pay-
ing groceries In this city. Call R. G. WILKB,
20% Kearny »t. -
A— slsoo; WATER-FRONT saloon. In very best
location and a good paying place. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— sl26o; CORNER fancy grocery, aellcates-
een and Ice cream business with 4 nloe living
rooms; rent $25; 6 years' least; place kept
by present owner 8 years; only cause of sale
that proprietor wishes to retire from active
business life; a first-class paying plaot. In
Western Addition. R. G. WILKB.. 26%
Kearny st • -• \u25a0 - \u25a0
A— s22oo: CORNER grocery and bar on 16th
et; rent $25; 3 living rooms; place estab-
lished years: doing about $30 businesa. per
day; good stock: full value In sight CaU
R. G. WILKE, 26%. Kearny st
BPSIJfESS CHAjyCEg-^Contlpnied.^
C. CHISTOFKERSEN, ' - H. MBNSOR,
(RELIABLE AGENCY), ... ;-
218 Kearny st. Clear titles guaranteed.
Stationery and notions— sl2B; 4 rooms; rent
$13; opposite large school;- sickness; must
sell. RELIABLE AGENCY, 219 Kearny st
Variety store — $350; < rant - $16; 3 rooms;
dally receipts $10; will not last long; bar-
gain. RELIABLE AGENCY, -218 Kearny.
Branch bakery and notions— -$250; party
sick; must sell; make offer; rent $17; 4
rooms. Consult RELIABLE AGENCY, 218
Kearny st
Salcon— sooo; fine location; 4 rooms; daily
receipts $15; lease; snap for money asked.
RELIABLE AGENCY, 210 Kearny st.
Grocery store — $760; ; Western Addition; 4
living rooms, furnished; - rent $16; well
stocked. Consult RELIABLE AGENCY, 218
Kearny st • . "
$175 takes 3 rooms; elaborately furnished;
well worth $SGO; north Market; something
good. See RELIABLE AGENCY, 210 Kearny.
REMEMBER THE PLACE. 218 Kearny at v
We guarantee titles or no sale.
$12,000 — FINE grocery and liquor store; estab-
lished 20 years; on Stockton st.; $100 dally.
$4000 — Controlling Int in fine paying theater.
$1500 — Drug store; well estab.; cor. location.
$800— Saloon In Oakland; stand investigation.
li 1500— Saloon; good payer; K«arny st
$1800 — Saloon: 4th st; fln« location.
Saloons; $5000 down to $500. ,
$2200 — Grocery and bar on' O'Farrell corner.
Grocery and bar; $350 to $12,000.
$5000— House painting and decorating busi-
ness; Bplendld. Cigar stands, $100 to $2700.
Millinery business, stationery, candy and io*
cream . parlors; restaurants, : delicatessens, ,
19 bake shops, milk routes, - repair - shops,
blaoksmlth shops and carpenter ahop*. . '
Offices, houses, aptmts., flats, transients, !
Ranches; all kinds, with and without fruit.
CALIFORNIA INVEST. CO.. 777% Markrt *V
SCHWEINHARD A CO.,
(Established 1883). Phone Jessie 8041. ,
1008% Market st, near Powell.
Saloon; corner; rent $60 (will Invoice) 1 prio*
Restaurant, downtown! daily business $83;
good lease; disagreement of "partners forces
sale; bargain; $3600. -
Bright office man can scour* % interest in
an established and profitable business and as-
sume the general management; $500.
Many fine businesa openings in \ grooerie*.
cigar stores, hotels, delicatessens, etc
R. E. CALLAHAN, 26 Montgomery st
Telephone John 6806. .
Business locations and leases- a speolalty.
Confidential Information on several first-class
groceries and bars; also several well-located
and good-paying saloons. \u25a0
$2700 — GOOD paying bar with 15 rooms at-
tached; good lease; reasonable rent; rooms
pay all rent; receipts guaranteed $12 per
day: you can have a trial if you wish. R.
E. CALLAHAN. \u25a0 "
17000— Splendid business proposition at Berke-
ley, the fastest growing town in the
State: fine piece ,of property I with old
established hay, \u25a0 grain, wood and coal
and Ice business; owner forced to sell on
account of ill health; the business nets
him $176 per month;, this" amount can
be easily increased .- by a little energy.
The price Includes office building, sheds.
Ice house, stable and all Improvements,
together with horses, wagons. Ice ' con-
tract good will and. a valuable piece of
land 100x100, fronting on a fine business
v street The land alone is worth the money
as it lies within 200 feet of Key Route
and 8. P. stations. The fullest investi-
gation Is invited, only do not delay.
EMSLIE & LORENZ,
Ashby Station. Berkeley.
WANTED — Large, well established successful
manufacturing company, producing highest
quality, staple line of goods, widely known,
wants satisfactory man with $5000 cash to
establish . and carry . on permanent branch
business; $250 per month salary and all ex-
penses, with liberal share of profits;. unusu-
ally safes Investment; desirable cocneotion,
high-olass business; good for $6000 per year
* CT better, with splendid future; unexceptlon-
" al references required. Particular* address
H. HACKMAN. 67 Wabaah aye.. Chicago.
A—4SOO; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store, with rooms; kept by owner 7 years;
must be sold at once; owner to .leave the
city. CaU R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— slsoo; BAKERY in San Mateo Co.; located
in the most fashionable town; large cash
trader wagons horses: dally store receipts
above $40. Call R. G.- WILKB. 26% Kearny.
A—s3soo;A — $3500; CORNER saloon; most prominent lo-
cation on Market at; rent $50;; owner kept
this place the last 4 years and always did
a fine business; must leave the city on ac-
count of other engagements. . Call R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st
Only $800 down. M rooms.
Only $300 cash necessary. * ;
W-K lend you $450 at next to •
• — no Interest —
\u25a0 A good, honest house, newly furnished,
NEWLY PAINTED — NEWLY PAPERED.
A r*ward wIU be.pald to you.
If you discover aa ouno. of dirt
• . — in this house— .. , .
W* agre* t* scour. you a lease : .
at a rental of $68 per month.
You would doubtless manage th* house prop-
erly and should reasonably ,
—Clear $78 to $100 each month— .
. MARION GRIFFIN. 870 Market *t,
' . Opp. "Emporium,"
PARTLY FURNISHED bouses. ••
Dou you want. a partly . furnished houssT;
22 and SO room houses cheap. •
If you have some furniture com* In and talk
It over. • \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0*\u25a0 . - \u25a0 * .
MARION GRIFFIN. . , . ',
' «,870 Market, •:
. Opposite The Emporium.;
MORTGAGE sale— "i L" '
.... .. _ ... - ,-; - —33 rooms—' ,--. ••>(• • .- \u25a0
—Rent $100—
. - —Near Marker Street—
-• On the north « eld*^-oentral— '•, '
It la a chance for, a great bargain.
— CaU— ,
\u25a0•-.•> '\u25a0 — and- . «*•— \u25a0\u25a0 .-.•'•\u25a0'\u25a0,\u25a0.\u25a0
—MARION/ GRIFFIN*—
- • —THB AGENT—
870 Market at Opposite "The Emporium."
I . \u25a0 - .... . \u25a0 ....
... —20 rooms—
1 .: . —20 rooms-
How, ts thla for a snap 7
20 rooms dose to Market' for $600.
Electric lights in halls and all rooms.
MARION - GRIFFIN, : .
The Agent
870 Market at.
Opposite "The -Emporium.** .
SUMMER resort; $8100; fully equipped summer
resort; beautiful location in Napa County j
360 acres of land, house, cottages, etc.;
plenty of water: wagons, horses, T cows,
etc C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648 Market st.
A— s2soo; PARTNER in best corner saloon on
water front; 8 years' lease: no rent to pay;
about 20 barrels of whisky on hand; a rar«
chsnee. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
OWNER and breeder of thoroughbreds, having
good ones to select from, wants partner to
pay expenses in racing three or four this
winter and share net profits; conditions al-
most .guarantee profit Box 8162, Call office.
A— sl7so; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict* surrounded by factories and wholesale
houses; owner has 3 places; must sell one.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
$300 AND services for Interest In speoial and
established business: no agent; no particu-
lars by mall; appoint interview if you are
looking for something good and profitable.
Box 6053, Call, Oakland. Cal.
A— s22oo; CORNER saloon with' 6 furnished
rooms; rent $100; lease; one of the best cor-
ners north of Market at CaU R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st - ?
A— s2ooo; CORNER saloon, on Third st, with
7 rooms; rent $85; one of the best located
places on the most . prominent business part
of Third st.;. full value in sight Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at
GENERAL merchandise store, mountain town,
roust be sold: only store; long; lease; low
rent; sales July $2000; clean stock; valua-
tion $2500; profits over $200 month. F.
GROSSCUP, 1504 Market
$1500 — ACTIVE working partner wanted in
established contracting business; full value
shown; duties, overseer of workmen, etc.,
legitimate; Investigation solicited. Box
8183. Call.
A— ssooo; THE leading saloon In Monterey,
with 8 years' lease; rent $60; stock will in-
voice- about $2000; this is a - bonanza; full
value In slicht; owner Is compelled by other
Investments to sell at once. Particulars R.
G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A — YOU can make eood money, by giving us
names of parties who would consider a flrst-
olass Nevada mining Investment Box 8530.
Call.
A— sl6oo; GROCERY and bar; best location
Ocean View; rent $25; full value in sight; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKB. 26% Kearny.
STEADY, reliable man wanted with $200 aa
partner In business established for years;
pays $85 monthly to each; experlenoe not nec-
essary: short hours. 1027% Market st, r. 2.
A— $1100; DELICATESSEN store, with dairy
produce; living rooms; very best location on
Third st.. near Call building. Particulars R.
O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
$500 — PARTNER wanted: genteel manufactur-
ing business; no humbug; legitimate and
profitable; investigate; no agents." Address
Business, box 8423, CaU.
ACCOUXTAJVT S.
A— sssoo; MOST prominent corner saloon; one
block from Phelan bldg.; lease; many for-
tunes made in this corner; a very rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
$iOO— WILL Invoice $1000; fine stationery,
school supplies. Icecream, notions, candies,
etc; 8 years' lease; living rooms; bath. Box
8342. Call office.
A—sl7so;A — $1750; SAUSAGE factory and pork . store,
horse, wagon; business established many
years; has a large patronage in wholesale
trade, also doing rushing store trade; owner
to retire only cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
$300— PARTNER wanted; light genteel manu-
facturing •bUElness;' will pay- s73. monthly to
each; no experience required. FRANCIS,
208 Kearny st . \u25a0•\u25a0<:* -.- '
X THOROUGHLY experienced Engtlaa teach**
will tak* prtvat* pupUa. Particular attention
given to ladies and gentlemen whose *duca-
tlon ha* been neglected, and to n«rrous and
backward pupils. Pubilo School pupils re-
ceived. MISS FENTON, 142» Van. Ns**j
av»M norner Pin* at.
AMERICAN School for Opera and Dnuaa— • j
Places graduates through th* Theatrical Ex-
change in Europe and America; vocal (Italian
' method) ; opera, drama, concert, vaudeville,
sketches, plays, songs and music written. TeU
' East 4461. Mm*. Jenny Ward Hay*, director;
Mm*. Tregear. bua. manager. 1225 Oeary st^
A THOROUGHLY experienced puoUa school
teacher wishes to coach school chUdren ' of
any grade for examinations or in regular
school Work: nervous, delicate or backward
children a specialty 1 term* reasonable. 813
Jones at; phone East 3886. 1 . .. ; .
YOUNG lady, . educated In Germany, wteae*
pupils for muslo lessons; phrasing and pro-
nunciation for *inger» a *p*jlaltyj Italian
taught; muslo written after dictation. Ap-
ply a V.. box 8201. Call office. .
A— THB LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law. medical colleges;
refs.. Pre*. Jordan or any Stanford prof.-;
summer session begins June 0. Phelan bldg:
A— CALDWELL CoUeg* of Oratory and Act-
mg; fall term begins September 4; day and
evening classes; positions guaranteed. Cata-
logue. 1285 Market st • • '
ALL who desire good positions should attend
this ooUege; w. have had »0 good places
since March "1. San Francisco Business Col"
leg* 738 Mission st -
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. CoL : Cal. B. a stu-
dents with us; stenographers trained; posi»
tlona secured. 825 Oolden Qata. Webster A Co.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE has removed to larger quarters at 033
Market st: beat location In city; catalogue.
THE evening class at Htnman's School of Danc-
ing. 1412 Polk st, nr. Calif., is now open;
the children's olasa will open Sat. Sept 2.
HEALD'S School of Mme* and Engineering. 24
Post st. 8. F.. civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
HFALD"S BUSINESS COLLEOE. 24 Post st
Established 1863: largest In tbe West; an-
nual enrollment 10OO; send for circular.
ZITHER lessons given by MAX MAIER.
teacher of th* zither. 304 A Turk st. near
Leavenworth. •
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, En£.. math., etc.. day and
eve.: individual Instr. 305 Larkln st. Prof.
T. A. Robinaon. formerly pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
LESSONS in vocal sight reading; - shortest
method. CARL BAWVELL. 1225 Geary St.;
phone East 4461. .
DANCING — The Juvenile class of Irvine's Aca-
demy, 421 Post st, has reopened; Saturday
afternoon*. " _^
SPANlSH.French.etc.Prof.De Fillppe'sAcademjf
of languagea.lolB Poat; eatl37l;ablest profa.
PRIVATE lessons in telegraphy; rapid succea*
assured to student*. 246 Scott near Halght.
SPANISH— If tired of poor teaching come to
Prof. Maya, 303 Jones, for proper Instruction.
Drafting rm. studies, matn. drawing, strength,
materials, graphio statics; eve*. 20 Hartford.
VIOLIN, zither, mandolin and guitar lessons 800,
528 Hickory aye.. bet Fell and Oak.nr.Webater>
IRVING Institute School for Girls. JtlM Cal.
st; fall term begins Monday. August 7. 1900.
KENT Law School, day and night B«ad foi
particulars. 636 Parrott building.
WESTERN Bus. College, 1281 Market st|
thorough com, course by experts. Cataiogu*.
- HYPNOTISM.
DB LAUFF. magnetist 70Q Bush at: hours
1-8; nervous, mental Ills, habits cured: no
• drugs. •\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0- - \u25a0 ' _^
FOR RUPTUKE.
DR. PIERCE* S Magnetic Elastic Truss; per-
fect retainer; positive cure; book free. Re-
mov«d to 206 Kearny st. room 307.
C^LLE CTI OJV O FFI CE 9 .; : -' ,
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 413
Montgomery st. rooma 8-10. Tel. Main 8530.
X^O'- ' DENTISTS.-
DREXLEP. PAINLESS DENTAL COMPANY.
Perfect painless dentistry at lowest prices.
Full set of teeth. $2; silver fillings, 25c; gold
fillings. $1; gold crowns. $3; bridge work. $3.
1104 Market st. corner Turk. "
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings 50c:
plates, $3. full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago P?ntal Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th—
No charge for extracting when .plates are
- -made; old plates made over Ilk* new; teeth
from $8 per set extracting 50c; ga9 given.
FILLINGS. 280 and 80c; crowns, $2. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 868 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 75c: sliver. 330; crowns. $2. no
pain; op. Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewltt. 101% Grant ay.
DRESSMAKERS A2TD SEAMSTRESSES.
ALWAYS IN THB LEAIX
MeDow.ll Dressmaking and Millinery School
—ths nam* being sufficient guarantee of th*
best work in every dept. E>». classes Hon..
Wed.. Frl. Special rate* by month. Pattern*
to measure. 1180 Market at. Donohoe bldg.
MoDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Ev. class; pattern* cut 1180 Market st
Accordion, sunburst and kntf* pleating. Stew-
krT a button factory.- lIP Taylor.
DAY AJTD CONTRACT.
CHEAPEST in t 7U°*3SSsT*S2 d *n2f*isft'
% specialty. O. H. WHXELHH, 14*1 Bills
at; phona Oeary 1888. _ j;
' CLAIRVOYANT*. , ,";
IF YOU CONTEMPLATB
CONSULTINQ A CLAIRVOTAKT .
Several things should be taksn nad**> oonsid-
eratlon.
Tha honesty, th* reliability «f advice, . th*
method* of procedure, th. reputation for hon-
est work, satisfactory service* and s*cr*cy.
It tbes* things ar* considered, you will oon*ult
tTVINaBTONE.
Hl* past record th* best indorstmant.
Three years of continuous work In Baa Fran-
cisco and a clientage of thousand* ©ugnt to fix
a man's standard, and it do**.
H* will tell you whether your pre*«n» busi-
ness investments will be successful. M
No matter what may be your hops, fear or
ambition, call on thi* gifted man.- . ' ' •
Do not struggle with a troubled mind whsn
for a trifling amount there 1* r*U*f- J
He tells you everything, good or bad.
You hear th* truth and nothing Ton* th*
truth.
_,' TAKE NOTICB. .
Hi* only reason for giving your nam* m
full, or any important information you may
desire, U that he does thl* incidentally a* a
chain to read by. - - -
' If you are discontented, unhappy, discour-
aged, unsuccessful or In 111 health, call on
r PROFESSOR. LIVINGSTONE .
And he will aid you In life's greatest blessing*:
HEALTH.- WEAWThTaNP HAPPINESS.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fe* accepted.
READINGS $1.
26%— KEARNY ST.— 2B%. .
HOURS 10 A. M. TO 8 P. M. \u25a0
• ZADOO SARAT.
$8 1030 Post *t.. y $8
Reading Between Larkln and Polk. Reading
$1. . . Hours. 10 to 8. $L
Other hours by special appointment
Call telephone -East 3836.
Th* home of Zadoo Sarat Is the handsomest
of any occult scientist In America. His private
house, furnished. at an expense of $10,000 con-
tains 8 rooms, all of which are devoted to his
art thus securing privacy to those that desire
it He has gone to \u25a0 this - expense because , he
recognises that in a large city like San Fran-
cisco ' there must be a demand for a man who
la above th* tricks of so-called clairvoyants and
who can give you genuine results. Mere words
cannot accomplish this. . He must "posses* the
real power. He has gone to the' root -of all
phenomena and solved the mysteries of which
others hay* stood In awe.
Lucy ' M. , Moore, Vancouver, "Wa«h». wTltesi
PROF*mBLO-I consulted you In May. 1800.
and you predicted the death of na^husband.
and » advised m* to urge him to Procure llf*
Jhsuranc*. ,Your prediction was v*rtfl*d. *x-
acU^ss you described, but, thanks tq your
idvlce I am now well provided for. wher* I
abould otherwise hay* been left dependent upon
"prof!! NIBLO 1* th* only medium bx «Us
oity who has appeared- before th* &ndon
Pwyehlo Research Society, a* w*U as Boston
"n. B^Satlsf action guaranteed or no pay.
AU business sacred and confidential.
Parlors so arranged that you meet no
Clairvoyant. Seer and Healer.
Oldest Established,
Beat Known Clairvoyant In California.
My $3 Celebrated Life Reading $1.
•t * LOW FEE $1
BEWARE
Of pretenders and partially developed me-
diums. They copy his advertisements and In
many emaller oities use, his name. Please re-
member PROF. NIBLO can be seen only at his
San Francisco office. " \u25a0
\u25a0 411 A ELLIS STREET 411 A.
Hours, 10. to 8 dally and Sunday.
. " 411 A EUls »t, corner of Jone* »t
Permanently* Xjocated in His Own Horn*. ..,
READINGS BY MAIL.
Six Questions Answered for $1.00,
PROF. NIBLO.
, - PROF. NIBLO.
; MMB. KRONENBERG. clairvoyant, card" rea£
er. palmist; when others fail try me; good
reading 25c; no sign. 102H 6th. nr. Mission.
MME. RAVENNA,"^ the marvelous clairvoyant.
. gives names, advice In all affairs. 8 4th st.
MMB. . BBERWEIN/ astrologlst. palmist llf*
reader; L., 25c;Q.. 60c 1221 Mrkt. above Bth
MIS 3 -WARD, , clairvoyant, card reader; gives
- names, dates and facts. 122S Market, rm. 2.
MRS SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed \u25a0 from 108 Sixth it to 884 Mission.
SPIRITPALISM. -' *
READ on page '86 rhowi a' man escaped
death In the Pinole ' Powder Works by acting
on the advlc* of Ismar the Gypsy. -,
A— MRS. J. J. - WHITNEY, bu*. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 10. Gait Houae.
A — MRS. CRIXDLE'S materlallng seance Sun.
. day eve., -8 o'clock. 1004 Van Ness aye.
MRS. " REYNOLDS' materializing seance Sun-
day eve. 876 K. 15th st, E. Oakland.
MME. LUORETIA— CircIes every evening, lOu.
\u25a0' 148 -- Sixth - st. room 1; hours 10 to 5.
MRS. B. J. WILLIAMS, spiritual adviser, no
better in city. 110 Sixth st. room 8.
E ARLE* 8 ; seance ~ Sun. , Wed. . . 218 ' Eddy at :
. ' rsadinga. Hotel 8 Hlggina, - O'Farrell ,st
- .PALMISTRY.
,l, l ' J ""'".',"-'' -." : - - : "\u25a0'"-' ," ''" \u25a0--;
READ on page 36 how a man escaped death In
" tha Pinole Powder. Works by acting on tha
. :; advice of Ismar. the gypsy. . ".
A— MMB. . ARIAN, scientific palmist; engage-
ments for entertainment. 618 Taylor; nhona
East 1681. - :
A — RETURNED, H. Jerome FoaaeUL scientific
palmist.- 612 Mason, nr.- Sutter: tel.Black SHo*.
MADAME :, DEVAS, 'palmist and astrologer
; 231 Post St.; hours 10 to 8 and Tues evenings.
MADAM MAY, palmist and card reader. 3832
\u25a0 Eighteenth , st . \u25a0 near. Sanchez; hours 1-8; 800.
I A WEEK'S news for 8 cent* — The Weekly Call.
16 pages,' In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
imnv NIBLO— Pe*r Sir: I dealra to ac-
forget you. Very gratefully. MR^BVANS,
N. B— Would be glad to have you publisa
th* abov. ahould yon ace fit .
BUCCESS AWAITS TOTJi^,
; ; CLAIB VOYANTS— Contimnad. '
-PROF.. NIBLO. "
411 A Bills atreet. corner of Jones atreet.
. Read Carerully.
An Honeat Proposition.
' No Fee In Advance.
It la Just as \ cheap to se* th* best.
Remember the nam*.
. PROF. NIBLO.
THE NAME NIBLO AJA J DOUBLE \u25a0 GUARAN-
s » .TEE.
. Han of Psychic Gift Power Is
PROF. NIBLO.
Display of Phenomena That . I* a Pussl* to
. Scientists. \u25a0 . .
Th* World-Famed Clairvoyant Astro Dead-
Trano* Medium; Paychlc - PalmUt
SPECIAL THIS WEEK. i['^_
My $8 eomplet* 'life reaamga... •}
$1. . Low Fe*. jl
$1. One Dollar. $*
Bring Call coupon and aave $4, My $3
complete \u25a0 life reading, $1, if you bring this
advertisement.
GREAT REDUCTION.
WUI for th*: first time during,-' hi* profes-
sional career reduce his consultation fe* to
II 00— One Dollar— sl 00
$1 00^-Ona DoUar— sl 00
to glv* every one an opportunity to test hi*
powers and to demonstrate to the utmost satis-
faction of all that ha has no equal a* a clair-
voyant
Those who -wish to tak* advantage of thl*
low fee. must call at one*.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
mak* n* cbarg* If I fail to call you by nam*
In \u25a0 tun, name* of your friends, *n*tnie* or
rival*. I promls* to UU you whether your
husband, wife or sweetheart is true er false t
tell you how to gain the lov* of th* one you
most desire. *yen though mil** away 1 how to
suooeed In business, speculation, lawsuits; how
to marry th* on* of your cnoic*; how to .re-
gain youth, h*alth and vitality. Remove* evil
Influence*, our** drink habit, locate* treasures,
cure* all nervous disc a***. 5
How can I have good luckt
Hoir can I suoceed.ln buafna***?
How can I mak* my horn* bapvyT
How can I conquer my *n«rale*T
Bear can 1 marry th* on* X ehoo»»T
ow can I marry w*Ut
How toon can I marry?
How can X conquer my. rival?
How can I mak* any en* lov* 53*?
How »oon will my lover propo**?
How can I get a letter? .
How can I get a good position? - .
How can I remove bad Influences?
How can I control any on* ? J \u25a0
How mak* distant ones think of mat
How can I settle my quarrel? - •
How en I hold my husband's lovsT
How can I keep my wife* love? - . . . . -. ;
Prof. Niblo teU* all. and nev*r a*ks «ra*stlon».
No. Charge
i • ;'— - If Not
:\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0• Satisfactory^
ii .^ :x You to
Be th* Judge.
STANDING CHALLENGE.
$8000— For. Hl* Equal— sBooo.
Other's may come and others may go, sot
Professor Niblo always remain*. -
Has b*en a native of California for th* last
22 year* and is legaUy ordained to one of th*
oldest splrltuallsUo •ocletle* of CaUfornla.
If You At* QoWg to Bee a Clairvoyant, Why
. Not See th* Bert? -
As th* b**t la alway* the cheapest In th* end.
Better consult no clairvoyant at all than one
who Is unabl* to help you. a* fals* prophets do
tnor* harm than good, as they leay* #ou In a
wor** oondlUon than before by their *«£»•£*:
vice, based upon guesses; but PROF. NIBLO
has an established reputation; teatlmoniala and
credentials from thousands Of your own cm-
"Mß^NlßLO^ha. mad* a llf. rfudy of his
work and 1* prepared to advise and assist you.
no matter what your trouble* are; lnj"» ca-
pacity there is no guesswork: ever 7,P ro ?l du ™
IT definite and exact and the reajult 1* wrtain^
If you have already made a mlstak*. thrown
away your mon*y and lo*t oonfld«no* through
dealing with much-advertised and ••H""? I**1 **
palmist* and clairvoyants and their cheap . cl«^
fa»D methods, atart from th* beginning and
consult MB?NIBLO. H* wiU tell you frankly
your condition and what ro*™**.^* 0 V-Jf
nothing can b* don* for you h* will not tak*
©nioent of your money. Ha* not this honesty
"feftostast ten month. X have brought
around through thla wonderful - power \u25a0 ot psr-
\u25a0onal control 721 marrtagea; 143 •«?*»"??•;
without any after trouble, came *rth« matn*J
consent of opposing parties; located 16 buried
trSSoKaT-loortidT* wills and 11 deeds- sue-
Th* Po^r^J Control-How to be .master
0^ -w^th'Srt^ereg
"Be TmMt** of your own destiny.* ..,:,'•
EMPIiOTMENT . OFFICES.
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese Smp. - Ofac*
BromDtly furn. all kinds of rellaoT* help.
Oeorg* Bakany. 431 Post st; t«l. Busa 138.
UP-TO-DATE • Japanese-Chin*** *mp. I offlos
furnishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. SAIKI, 405 Post »t: tel. James BOL
STAR Employment Office — Reliable Japan***
and Chinese help furnished with car*. W.
K ADOTA, 408 Powell st; teL Main- 1731.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japaeeae->
Chinese help. 426 PoweU att t«L Main 8783 L
A— JAPANESE and Chines* help. . WM.
YOSHY. 418 Stockton st; UL Buaa 888. .
Finest Japanese help; house cleaning special :yj
Qeo. R. Kunlabe. 343 Mason; tel. Jam** 6281.
AN old estab. (1850) Chinese emp. office; C.
CHONG'3, removed to 813 Pine; teL Grant 13a
H W. HONG. 1118 Clay st; Chinese employ-
ment office; best help. Tel. East 429.
CHINESE and Japanes* help; **tab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1887. BRADLEY U CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE. Chines* help of all kinds famish-
ed; house cleaning. 70S Taylor; James 7638.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Ot-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main 8188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED - respectable Eastern ' woman
wants situation In prlvata American family:
will do som* washing; short distance in
country: food of children; wages $20 to $28.
214 Fifth st. .; - - . ..
YOUNG girl wishes . position light office or
factory work... Sex 8386. CaU office. ' -
YOUNG woman •want* position as second girl
In a small family; references. Box 8325.
CaU office. ' •
YOUNO girl wishes to mind baby. Call 383
Eighth st. . . •\u25a0\u25a0 .
WANTED— A position as saleslady. Box 8333.
CaU office. ...
WANTED — A position as fitter, cloak and suit
house. Box 0350. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER desires position. DAVIS.
1103 McAllister *t . ' \u25a0.
LADY would like to scrub floors. Box 9"5"_".
Call office. ._. \u25a0
GIRL would like to assist In housework. Box
8331. Call office.
LADY would like to tak* orders for fancy
needlework. ' point I*o* Battenberg. eta. Box
8349. CaU office. ' -. - - '\u25a0 '
PLAIN sewing done. T Wheat at*
SEWING, mending, Ungerle. suits, cloaks. 2031
Polk st \u25a0•\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0"• \u25a0\u25a0
PLAIN sewing, ; mending, lingerie, etc 2C3l '
\u25a0'Polk st .-\u25a0 ' • _^ ' ' . '
WANTED— Sewing by the (Jay. MRS. DUNN.
1625 Folsom at __^ - \u25a0-*\u25a0 '. \u25a0
WANTED — Mending and darning by the day.
• : M. \u25a0\u25a0 N.. 3326 Twenty-second st
WOMAN would like work by the day. Apply
12 Clarence court .-\u25a0.•- \u25a0 .
COMPETENT woman wants housework.' 1087
, Howard st r - ">\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 -.. \u25a0 . /
YOUNG girl wishes a position In store. Ad-
dresa 112 DeHaro st .
DRESSMAKER, experienced, * wants, a few
more engagements by the day: good cutter
- and fitter; terms reasonable. Box 8382. Call.
Fo* Additional Classified AdrvrtUeT
memts 8c« Pac* 4b"#^SKSB
OVER . . ' \u25a0..; \u25a0 "\u25a0';
' $6000..
' PROFIT • '\u25a0 \u25a0
ANKUALLY.
200-room — ' - • • '
. '^AyARTMENT HOUSD—
NEWLY OPENED—
— FURNISHINOS— A
MOST MAGNIFICENT. \u25a0 \u25a0
It's high grade.
It*" dependable.
Exclusively with MABIOW GRIFFIN,
. \u25a0 ; '970 Market
HIGH CLASS— — — $1000 profit monthly]
. Like . any other big . business, .,- ,
' ... '\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Accurate book accounts all kept % -
and are open to bona-flde investigators.
It • would be - worse - than -
THROWING MONEY. AWAY .
to advertise that the busines*
' — clears r $1000 monthly —
• If -we could not prove It true. ; ' ,
Capitalists are Invited to investigate.
Exclusively for sale by ' • - - . \u25a0
MARION GRIFFIN. . 801 , Jame* Flood Bldg.
MOST BEAUTIFUL houae
\u25a0•• • \u25a0- . • — Of 37 room* — ' -\u25a0. . . :
"On Bills street.
SWELL
MARBLE AND GLASS ENTRANCE.
It's worth $4500. •
• Reduced to $3600.
Term* to suit your circumstance*.. \u0084'•
— Profit $178 monthly^ ..- .
Owner anxious to sell so as to ;
—secure a house twice as large— \u0084 .
' — Remember — • :
. . —It is—
.— only—
4 blocka north of Market st
— There 1* — . : ; ,
. \u25a0'.;. . : —no better — •; . \u25a0 \u25a0r< . \u25a0
—location \u25a0in San Franoisco— - -
. .. .... — The- only 'Way— \u25a0 • .-> \u25a0•• \u25a0• \u25a0
—to see this splendid houae— ,
-^go with an agent—
• :.— Respectfully—
• MARION GRIFFIN,
\u25a0\u25a0 ..\u25a0 - ,THB AGENT, .
; :/ . ;....! \u0084: '^870 Market st •
810 BARGAIN— - ' '•
- ; : .; — On . Sutter : Street-^— . • \u25a0
\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 ' \u25a0""-'\u25a0 \u25a0'• Near. Leavenworth* Street-
It is a highly' respectable neighborhood. * ',
88 rooms. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0'-' ' \u25a0-\u25a0 38 rooms.
—It's Just the right size —
: Long lease and 'low- rent.. .
Furnishings cost $6010.'- ' '
' Owner in hospital ; will take $2000.' " i
Will make any reasonable term* • .
-.' — to , suit . your convenience — .
• Monthly . profit > should be $150 . to ; $200. •
. • — For sale — \u25a0.\u25a0;• \u25a0'.': .\u25a0 - \u0084 . ;• .
—Of course, by— . .';
. MARION. GRIFFIN.
i THE AGENT,
870 Market et.,'.
"Opposite Emporium.",
; Ellls-st.:entranc*
: - ";\u25a0•:?:>\u25a0- x ' :' :: —is opposite — - \"
..':. \u25a0 -'»..-- . \u25a0 Golden West Hotel. I
s '."'. ' \ — 80 rooms— •- - .•'
— Apartment-house—
Elevator" -(nin with . electricity)-— .Elevator
— CORNER— -
—Ntorth ; of ; Market—
\u25a0 - $1000 cash and easy monthly Installments.
—Price $5200— reduced to $3800—
" r — Profit $175 monthly — ;. vc>->7, .-,*
"Rent $4 per : room, .with Jong, leas*. '
1 * — Possession — -. • :
• .^-7-can be given — •' > :. : -.' '-
' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0_\u25a0\u25a0':
—as" the. owner -is .-away— " " :'
\u25a0 - . r — and . a' housekeeper in , charge — ' •\u25a0: ' •
• -. MARION GRIFFIN, \u25a0 870 Market, •'• '
: ' ':• -Opposite Emporium.' \u25a0'.
: .-.. . \u0084 ,';\u25a0-\u25a0,. 11. $200 monthly/ profit — ?\u25a0- : . ';>' --'-
'« - 48 - rooms ; .": 10 \u25a0; single • . rooms *. for " landlady :
•'•\u25a0 '-, —to care i\ for;'; balance * apartments- — '?\u25a0"
-j c -- I . '\u25a0':\u25a0'> \u25a0'. - — Central , corner,; house — r. . .
In " easy walking \u25a0\u25a0 distance . of ' business center.
;. i y) * '— Not, a, vacant, room — ;: '\u0084:»,::•.
' '-Reduced 'to -'$3000; 1 %i cash .
. . MARION: GRIFFIN,;; 1 A- \u25a0
Room 801, - James Flood Building.'
SADOO BARATi . .
: Yoghee,
. . 1030 Post St.
The Mining and Financial World Stand Aghast
at the prediction* of Zadoo Sarat regarding th*
Montgomery Mountain mln* In Bulf lrog, Nev.,
bought by. •\u25a0/.-•\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0* \u25a0\u25a0 • • \u25a0. " •
CHARLES M. SCHWAB
and associates, verified in San Francisco papers.
Zadoo i Sarat predicted the sale, stating th*
amount to be paid. See daily papers last week.
Months ago Zadoo Sarat predicted the discovery
of Montgomery Mountain mines— th* wonderful
mnle.' : . ' •:•'.-\u25a0<- • \u25a0
Zadoo Sarat made hundred* of other forecast*
that are daily proving true, •\u25a0'\u25a0-.
Business and mining men from all part* of
the world ar* . consulting tha great Yoghe*. ..
\u25a0 ',' ZADOC SARAT, !
$8 1030 Post st. |9 -
Reading Between Larkln ' and Polk. Reading
$1 Phone East 3836. $L
\u25a0'.';'* . Hours, \u25a0 10 :a. m. to Op. m.
Other hours by special ' appointment.
AAA— The Great," Only and Original
PRINCESS EUGENIA,
Th* Veiled Prophetess, \u0084,
- Dead Trance Medium, *
: • '•"'•\u25a0 \u25a0 •\u25a0*.""" Trance Clairvoyant.
Bom with a Doubl* Veil, '
Educated in Occult In Egypt and India.
$6 Complete Life Readings,- IL
Tells your name — Tells you when and whom
: ' you wlll'marry.' : - -.v .
Settles love quarrels and promptly, re-
unites the separated, no matter how long
standing.- % '\u25a0' ''•-'" • '
" Advises in regard-t o speculation " In real
estate, mining and mineral* — locates mines —
lost and stolen articles. '
' - 'Removes evil influences and give* you
power to control the ' one ! you love.
London's most 'famous palmist 'and clalr-
• voyant; is acknowledged by press and pub-
lic the greatest 'living dead trance medium.
She - tells you • what you came for 5 befor*
' you utter ' a" word; does not - ask questions,
' no ' matter what your trouble may -be.
\u25a0 Call and she will guide -you with \u25a0 cer-
tainty higher . . than human power. Tells
you the truth, good or bad. ' •',-, :.:\u25a0 •:
.Write her if you can't call. Six question*
. answered by . mail, $1. Send date birth, lock
> .hair. '\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 --. :\u25a0-•\u25a0'.•\u25a0 i \u25a0 ' •\u25a0' - - \u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0'\u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.-- \u25a0 . \u25a0•\u25a0 \u25a0
';- -• Hours — 10 to 8 dally and Sunday.
, Private; no sign; ring bell. 404 — Eddy at— 4o4
PROF. ALEXANDER DELMAR,
• The "Greatest " Living -.•
Clairvoyant, Palmist and Psychlo Healer.
No matter ' what . your troubles, sickness or
desires may be, Prof. . Delmar will' help you." or
take no pay; kind,' honorable and confidential
treatment to all." Full life reading $1. . r
..-pally from 10 a. \u25a0 m.> to . 8 p. m. ; Wed. . and
SaC evenings. <7 : to ; 8 ; Sundays, 1 to „ 4 p. •m.
... .-\u25a0 V ., 114— Geary. Street— 114. \u0084 •< y|: ;
A— MISS M. -..WILLS/ 810 Elli* *t .
> ' Clairvoyant, crystal .. seer, can be consulted
:on all affairs. of life;: Mis* Will* guarantee*
'an honest' reliable, - satisfactory reading; re-
veals the past; gives correct forecast of your
* ; - future : -' advises you -on - Important affairs,
• - whether financial, domestic, love or business;
. gives the : secret how to control. : charm, ' fas-
cinate the one you love; reading. $1; hours
s . 10-8 p. Vm.;. French, German, English spoken.
' READ on * page .; 36 '• how i- a ':,'\u25a0 man ; escaped
death In the ; Pinole Powder Works . by acting
on. the > advice ; of Ismar ; the _ Gypsy. .-;\u25a0;:.
ISMAR, Egyptian aeerese,- The Vendome.r 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours— lo
' a. m. to 8 p. 'm.,- Sunday* 10 to 12. Phone
*; South 1141.". \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -•.-• :-•; \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0::\u25a0? .'.:? .-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ' \u25a0. .\u25a0'-•--.:.-•.: -
MISS ZEMDAR, j young : gifted clalr. and palm. ;
'. • reveals : hidden ; secrets.'love; "• business, etc ;
.-:, names; L. :; 60c, G. ; $1. *. 833 Golden: Gate aye.
MMB. BERNARD i reads i your "• life correctly;
r- advice given on > all affair* 'of > life ; satiaf ac-
- - tlon guar. ; 2So up. : 17 Bd. next Examiner bid.'
A-^-LELA, the wonder; : life \ reader; ; advice on
busines*,' lov*,' *to. = • 326 A Elll* tX.% - .
RESTAURANT for sale; average business $40
day; rent $45 per month: come and see it.
B. F. OWENS, 2137 Center at., Berkeley.
PRINTING bUBlness; well established; profit-
able; reasonable; fine opportunity. Address
box 8420. Call office.
60 PER CENT per annum- on your investment;
i new patent process of canning good*. ' Box
8371. Call office. " ;••.-•-.; ••.-•-.-
GOOD paying fruit \u25a0 store for sale, with or
without team. 138 Flllmbre st
WANTED — Rooming-house, apartment or hotel
for cash. Law Inv. Co.. 44 Parrott bldg.
FOR sal*— A cigar atand; cheap. Call 113
Eddy St., near Tivoli Theater. v .
A RATTLER; the Rickety Rack Bo and 10a
bazaar. 714 Valencia St., for < sale.
FINE cigar stand for sale oheap. Apply 113
Eddy St., near Tivoli Theater.
YOUNG man will Invest $200 and services; ex-
plain fully. Box 8258, Call of flc*. ,
WANTED — To buy a good restaurant or outfit.
Address box 8280, Call office. \u25a0
HAY, grain, wood and coal, - acoount of sick-
ness; must sell. 1630 Mission st.
CANDY, toys, school. supplies, opposite school-
house; 8 living rooms. 2847 Mission. >
SHREWD man with hundreds can make a
million. - 410 .Walsworth ?ave., Oakland. -
RESTAURANT; seats 82; S years* lease; | nice
trade; cheap rent; urgent business compels
me to go East. S. B. DALE, 1303 H- Castro.
GOOD oyster-house for sale; opposite new post-
office; fins location; 3 years . lease. • 80 7th.
BARBER shop and cigar stand for sale; doing
. well; nice furniture; cheap rent 1303 Castro.
FOR sale — Delicatessen and restaurant; good
place for man and wife. Box 8200, : Call. '
GOOD Call rout* for sale. Apply at Call
: .office. . . ' ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.••:\u25a0". \u25a0;. . "• : . • \u25a0
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 ; Market St., opposite
- Fifth. . Open until 11 p. m. - .-..-\u25a0\u25a0. r- \u25a0 \u25a0 .
BICYCLES.
ALL kinds second-hand bicycles bought, sold
and exchsnged. J. W.-FRY. 1826 Polk st.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal ;
carpet and rugs also : cleaned by compressed
air at shop; . prices moderate. S. ! F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Company, 308 Market
st; phone Main 152 and Bush 478.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat- ;
ing Works. 353-387 Tehama at .Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1808 Har-
rison st. ; Al cleaning,. 3c. * FRED HAGE-
' DORN'&.CO.; phone Mission 225. ; - ,
JOELL & C 0., -82 Eighth st: cleaning and lay.
ing; satisfaction guaranteed. Phone Min,t 252. j
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co., P. McQueen
proprietor. 328 Guerrero -st. :: tel.i Mission 48.' j
CARPETS clean., . fit., . lay. . 830 G.G.ave. ;phone
East . 1865. Star. Ren: Co. , •W. Wagner, . Mgr.
CONKLIN'S Buperior Carpet j Beating • Works,
I Golden Gate aye. , & Lerkln ; phone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.; 402 Sutter st. :
tel. Main 384. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
MITCHELL' S, : 240 Fourteenth st— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3e yard. ;',Tel.~ Mission J4.i '•:;
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st: tel. Mission 203.
LACE g CURTAINS ; ; AND ; BLANKETS.
BRANDT* S * New t York \u25a0- Curtain - House ; t most
' complete , plant for cleaning lace curtains and
blankets. 1324' Fillmore; phone Pine 2622. v i
A—s2Boo;A — $2800; THE -most prominent corner saloon
on Sixth st.. with lease, and cigar stand in
front; quarrels among partners only cause of
rale: not all cash necessary. Call R. G.
WTLKE-. 26^ Kearny at. \u25a0
A—s2ooo;A — $2000; FANCY grocery and delicatessen
store on Sacramento St., Western Addition;
rent $80; 3 years' lease; full value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26M Kearny st.
A— s7ooo; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict: place clears about $COO per' month; T
years' lease. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kear.
Ny st.
$4500 — CORNER family liquor store and sa-
loon; 6 rooms, elegantly furn: rent $60; long
lease. RIORDAN & LESS. 838 Market, r. 8.
$1200 — CORNER saloon,, with living rooms; 8
years' lease.; RIORDAN & LESS. 835 Market.
$400 — CIGAR store and factory, wholesale dls-
trict. RIORDAN & LESS, 833 Market, r. 8.
WATCHES — $1 down and $1 a week; any kind
of case or movements. RALPH & ED. 143
Powell St.. upstairs.
WATCHES, diamonds, Jewelry, silverware and
• sealskins on small weekly or monthly pay-
ments. RALPH ft ED, 143 Powell, upstairs.
STOCK companies Incorporated; If you have
stocks or bonds for sale, offer them through
me to Investors. GEORGE M. KELLOGQ,
broker. 845 Elllcott Square. Buffalo. N: Y.
I WANT to buy email restaurant or. coffee and
cakes stand or lunch counter, etc; owner*
only. Box 8378. Call office.
PRINTING plant; price $1300; If part removed
$700; good location; owner not strong. Ad-
dress Printing Plant, box 0330, . Call office.
BRANCH bakery for sale; Hopkins st.,. near
Frultvale aye.. Frultvale; doing good busi-
ness. F. JASPER, above address.. ,
FOR sale — First-class bakery; fine . condition;
best city; Sacramento Valley; good reason
for selling. P. O. box Q, Woodland. Cal.
SALOON— 4th st.; a well recommended, prom-
inent and old estab. place; lease; low rent;
only half cash necessary; no agents. 118 4th.
SALOON for sale; first-class location on Mar- >
ket st. ; must be sold at once. See owner,
1828 Market st.
ICECREAM and candy parlor for sale; best
location in town. 443 Bush st, .
WANTED — Person with capital for progressing
patent. Box 83S8, CaU office.'
RARE theatrical opportunity; $3000 to $5000
capital; established and making money; live
interior, city; $200 to $400 besides salary; ob-
ject concentrating . interests. Particulars
TONY LUBELSKI. - • . '. .. • V
TO lease— A brick plant; 40,000 capacity daily;
engine, boiler, crusher and every •facility for
making first-class brick: unlimited quantities
of clay. Apply DR. C. C. O'DONNELL,
1021^ Market st.; tel. South 622.
FOR sale — Part or all of $350,000 sawmill
proposition, with 'valuable adjuncts; sure
money-maker, but needs money to swing It;
principals only. - Address box 7846,, Ca1L
PRINTING plant; price $1300; if part -re-
moved $700; good section; owner not strong.
Address printing plant, box 8330, Call office.
?:<<«) — STORE and . fixtures; good business;
•. must sell account sickness. - 1755 Seventh at.,
Oakland. . • •.. :
NEWSPAPER route for sale in Oakland;.*
good Call route in Oakland for sale: Apply
st. Call. Business Office for particulars.
COUNTRY newspaper properties for sale;. daily
weekly. -CORNELL. & CO.. 518 Sacramento.
FOR sale — Boston Oyeter-house and Restau-
\u25a0 rant; disagreement in partnership. • 181 6th.
i $000 — Saloon; good stock: fixtures; 3 living rms.'
furnished: rent $20. FOSTER, 25 Chronicle.
SALOON and lunch place for sale; expenses
-. low. ICS; Fourth st. . • \u25a0 . \u25a0;..
OYSTER and ehophouse • with '\u25a0'> 28 -. chairs, r 4
: boxes;. registered: rent $30. 1557 Market st.
NOTION, candy and laundry office- for sale;
account- departure. .2012}&. 2012 }& Mason, st.
AUTOMOBILES.
A GREAT bargain; must sell 1805 light touring
car. standard make, wheel eteer, divided
front eeat detachable tonneau; practically
new; Al condition; a beauty. Box 9430,
Call office, or phone Church, 1316.
WANTED — An automobile for equity in good,
new 2-etory house; fine location: large lot;
price $3500; mortgage $2300, can be lncreared
to $2500. E. J. SHEPARDSON. S7B Broad -
way. Oakland. \u25a0
UNUSUAL bargain. J550; to-day and Monday
only: •'Pierce" Stanhope: cost $1450; Just
thoroughly overhauled and painted: runs and
looks like new. Call or write. 675 36th st.
y. Oakland. * .. '
MODEL E Rambler runabout 1804 White. 1804
Wintcn and other automobiles. 123 City
Halt aye. \u25a0 -
OLDS runabout: » «nsp. C«-U at 217 Ellla
WALTER S. FRANCE. '- - \u25a0
A bargain— l Bos White touring car. practically
Jiew. ooc Van N>s» aye.. nr. Golden Gate aye.
nOAimiXG FOR CHII,DRE.V.
WANTED — Little girl to board from « years
up. Call Sunday, or from 0 to 8 p. m., 12
Cleveland st., rear.
CAPP. 70b — Child to board; best of care; room
for tjarent If desired; reasonable.
CHILDREN to board. Apply . 1370 Eddy st.
*' AI * TED ~ * * or 2 E cii°olgirl» to board. 2227
Andovc-r St., Oakland.
GOOD hope for 1 cr 2 children; sunny place;
. Pear achool. 1010 Qaktr st.. nr. Sacramento. ,
G^P h °,Ti or chi:d "' yearB cl <J: official pcr-
rait. 010 Project aye.. near Cortland aye.
°ri?^ ho^f, : f°°'J care - tor on* or two chil- ;
rircn. .>42 Je?z!e st.. near Sixth. I
W bca T it DD ~ A teby t0 take care of - 52S Lls "
BAHY to Ivoard. 12CC Powell rt.
l^abil"' * 12 -*' hlM to board; 5 up; rea-
WANTED — Trace Irregular fraudulent book-
keeping by expert accountant; European,
American experience; terms moderate. Box
9524, Call office. -
AGEXTS WANTED.
A PERMANENT BUSINESS OFFER— SSO. to
$150 per week POSITIVE — men and women
> wanted everywhere to operate sales parlors
for the BEST ladies* and gents' dress shoe
known; 10 original slght-eelllng health and
comfort features; factory to consumer; pre-
vious experience unnecessary; profit possi-
bilities unlimited: NO • RISK; reply quick.
W*. H. "WRIGHT & CO., 1233 Broadway.
Oakland. Cal.
TVE want. selling agents to sell the most sat-
isfactory tailored, made-to-measure men's
clothes: a large complete sample outfit fur-
nished free; easiest to cell from and very
profitable; exclusive territory given; 'best
advertising matter In large quantities fur-
nished; write to-day for our line. Address -
lock box No. 2£7. Chicago. 111.
BIG money in squabs; cheaply raised In only
4 weeks; sell for fancy prices; wonderful
market; write for free book and learn this
rich Industry. PLYMOUTH ROCK SQUAB
CO.. 182 Howard st-. Melrose, Mass.
CAPABLE salesman to cover California with
ptaple Tine; high commieslons with advance
of $100 monthly; permanent position to right
man. JESS H. fiMITH CO.. Detroit. Mich.
BLUE Book on Patents and list of Inventions
wanted, free to any address: patents secured
or fee returned. GDO. S. VASHON & CO..
878 F st, Washington D. C. :
PERFUME, cosmetics, extracts, soap. Paciflo
Agents' Supply Co.. 1220 Treat aye.
SCHEMES for hustlers— A book for agents; it's
free. HARRY HILL. 126 Sutter >t.
"MEETIA'O NOTICES.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN Council No. « | *|
j . Jr. O. U. A. M., meets every *v W
"^ THURSDAY EVE.. In ShasUi I £*V E
Hall. Pioneer building, 24 Fourth /r^Tii^Tl
st Whist Tournament, August 8,/Npy\«
•JA- Visiting brithers welcome. UliLPt*^
21ODEIIN Woodmen of America, Vl 2 *-**-'
Goodfellonshlp Camp 9633. M. I v*/ 1
JV. of a., meets everj- MONDAY I^Xll /
MGHT at Electricians' HalL 35 l;» *)
E«idy et, cits'.
„. T C. B. LEITHEAD. V. C.
«. J. ELLIOTT, Clerk; office, room 627.
Emma Spreckele building.
*«&£3&12 rllU STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
SOLTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COM-
. .v ~^S special meeting of the stockholders
l <,r? Southern Pacific lU.ilroad Company
v-I be held at the office ct the company. In
r*?^, 121fl - ta Merchants' Exchange
bui'dlng, jn the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, in the State of California, the same
twng the principal place of business of said
<wj>oration. and being the building where
tie board of directors *£ said corporation
"!" a - lI y meet - on the 2Sth day of August,
IWJS. at the hour of 12 o'clock noon, to con-
sider and act upcn the propositions:
First, to increase the capital stock of kald
corporaUcn to one hundred and sixty million
dollars ($l«0.000,0C0). and for that purpose to
amend article VI of tha articles of lncorporo-
• Uon and consolidation of the company to
read as follows:
"The amount of the capital stock of caid
corporation shall be one hundred and sixty
million dollars ($160,000,000), divided Into
one mUllcn six hundred thousand (1.600 000)
chares cf the oar value of one hundred dol-
lars ($100) each, which said amount of capl-
**l etock doee not exoeed th* amount actually
required for the purposes of tbe said corpora-
. uon. and Is the amount actually required
and ascertained to be necessary for construct-
ing, completing, equipping, operating and
maintaining its road, and is »o estimated by
competent engineers, as will appear by the
. written estimate of such engineers, duly
signed by Uiem, and filed la the office and
principal place cf business aforesaid of said
corporation."
And to amend paragraph third of article
*-n: of the said articles to read as follows:
'The number of directors of said con-
solidated corporation shall be aleven (11)
and the amount of the capital stock of said
ocijporaUon shall b* one hundred and sixty
minion dollars ($160,000,000). which said
amount of capital stock Is the amount ac-
tually required for the purposes of said cor-
poration.' and is the amount actually re-
quired and ascertained to be necessary for
constructing, completing, equipping, operat-
ing and maintaining its road, and is so
estimated by competent engineers, as will
appear by the aforesaid written estimate of
eald engineers, duly signed by -them and on
file as aforesaid. Said capital stock of said
corporation shall be divided Into one million
six hundred thousand (1,610,000) shares, of
. the oar value of on* hundred dollars ' ($100)
' each, of which said shares of said capital
stock th* following have been subscrbled by
and allotted to th-? stockholders of said con-
stituent corporations, as hereinafter set forth,
to wit:"
"To the Southern Pacific Railroad Cgai-
pary Incorporated, organized and existing
under the laws of the State of California,
and to its shareholders, one million and
fourteen thousand two hundred and forty-one
and eixty one-hundredtha (1,014,241 60-100)
chares."
"To tfce Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, incorporated, organized and existing
under the laws cf th* Territory of Arizona,
end to its stockholders, one hundred and
r.lnety-nine thousand nin* hundred and fifty
(199,850) chares."
"To the Soothers Paciflo Railroad Com-
pany of New Mexico, Incorporated, organised
and existing under th* laws of the Territory
of New Mexloo and to its stockholders
Eixty-elght thousand eight hundred and
eighty-eight (68.SSS) chares."
"The several stockholders of each ef aald
constituent corporations shall have Issued to
them by the said oonsollJhted corporation
raid up shares of the capital stock of the
. consolidated corporation out of the chares
thereof subscribed by and allotted to the
stockholders cf their respective constituent
corporaUons to the like amount, dollar for
dollar, at their par value with the par value
cf the shares held by such stockholders In
their respective constituent corporations."
Thereafter and secondly, to create a bond-
ed Indebtedness of said corporation to tbe
amount in the aggregate of one hundred and
eixty million dollars ($160,000,000) in gold
coin" of the United States (a portion of which
is to be used in retiring existing bonded in-
debtedness), and to Increase the bonded in-
debtedness of said corporation up to the
amount in the aggregate of one hundred and
sixty million dollars ($160,000,000) In gold
<x.in of the United States, and to secure the
tißid proposed bonded indebtedness by a
mortgage upon the railroads, franchises, and
property of the company now owned or here-
of ter acquired, and tbe Income thereof or
euch part thereof as may be prescribed In
the mortgage: and to determine tbe form and
terms of said bonds and mortgage, and to
authorize the board of directors to take all
tuch ecticn as they may deem necessary or
expedient in tbe rremises.-
Dated the £*th day of June. 1808.
Ev onier of the board of directors.-
J. L. TTILLCUTT.
ft the Southern. Pacific,. Railroad
Company.
X. T. EMITH.
E. E. CALVIN,
"WILLIAM HOOD.
I: TV. HELLMAN Jr.,
• JAMES K. "WILSON,
J. M. HANFORD,
PETER F. DUNNEv
J. L. "VTILLCUTT.
FRANK B. KINO.
CHAS. P. LINCOLN,
G. L. KING.
Directors of said South«rn Pacific Railroad
Company.Tip; SAN-.y^NGISOT
42
EafI'LpyaiEXT.WAOTED-'FeinaleT-Con
PROTESTANT lady wlshei position In . family
to a ss; *t mother in Dome duties. Box 9313, .
'Call.^: -:'\u25a0'-:.-". '-."\u25a0'•;:.-.-:-. .-\u25a0.- '.\u25a0;•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'.,-.•--"••".
EXPERIENCED and trained nurse will | care
fo.- invalid; specialty a mental; ard thronio
cases:' terms reaconable. c.edenttals Nu-.se,
1109 Franklin st. ;' ; .. : -: \u25a0.->.-;-..'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0':\u25a0-.. '\u25a0-:- :*,\u25a0.- '---..-.
FRENCH lady wishes situation as companion
or French lessons. 1027^ Market street,
TOOia *•*• ' ' -'- ' : "' -'-"'\u25a0-"\u25a0\u25a0* -\u25a0-'\u25a0;•- \u25a0'-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 *'• '\u25a0'
WOMAN with toy .would Uke a position aa
houceketpsr. or chamber work; : oity or coun-
• try; grcod references: ".Address ! L. ! F.~. 741
" Howard st. \u25a0 \u25a0.:':.. . ; . . :': : .:^v
POSITION in doctor' a offlce by experienced
! young lady. 1416 Taylor at. . :
WANTED — By a competent woman, position af
manager of ft Bt-slat* ; apartment or | lodging
i house. Box t)443.» Call. \u25a0-..\u25a0
WOMAN wants work by the day. j Box 9437,
Call. .... . ..i \u25a0 / \u25a0;:\u25a0 '.: ;'•: ..:'•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .'\u25a0 .'
WOMAN wants work by theidsy. 959 A Bry-
ant et. , . .'•;'•-' \u25a0'- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0 .-' .v \u25a0",':'\u25a0 -"
WOMAN want* work by the day. 657 Bry-
ant at; \u25a0 '-;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 , ';.* <\u25a0' \u25a0'.\u25a0'\u25a0"\u25a0' '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'-'\u25a0 '\u25a0" ; /
EASTERN lady, practical houi>-k<e ner. wants
position; -,er. Call 4CS Leavenworth *t. .
AN elderly lady wishes to do light housework
or chamber work. 17% Sumner at.
PARLOR maid and waitress, city ref erences.
wishes position. Phone Main 3438. \u25a0 \u25a0
GERMAN-JEWISH girl, who does not apeak
English, wlshea cosltion; second girl or
chambermaid. Phone Main 3428.
EXPERIENCED middle-aged nurse wishes
care of children. \u25a0 Phone Mala 8428.
EXPERIENCED eecc-nd girl, best references,
wishes position. Phone Main 3423. -
FIP.ST-CLASS German, French and American
cook wishes position. Phone Main 3423.
PRACTICAL nurse, wishes care invalid or
elderly lady. Phone Main 3428.
SITUATION by Al cook: competent in all
branches; best references.' Call or address
1205 Gough et. . |.
WANTED — By a middle-aged American wom-
an, eltuatlbn aa general assistant In email
family. Call or address 116 Fourth st.
A RELIABLE, educated young lady desire*
. situation as copyreader where she can learn
proof i-ading; ex-school teacher; please give
details: Address box 9521. Call offlce.
A LADY wlsiie* to care for one or two chll-
dren. .1231 Folsom -t.
A YOUNG woman wishes a position as walt-
resß. Box 9528, Call offlce. -
A WOMAN would like housework by the day.
Address MRS. FLOOD, 683 Harrison at.
WOMAN wants work for Tuesdayß; washing,
ironing or housecleaning. Box 9529, Call. '
WANTED — Lady wlßhea few hours' work in
" families, evenings. 40; Eleventh st. .'
A GOOD competent housekeeper would Uke a
position in a family in city; best of refer-
ences. " Box 9585, Call. • ' -
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the day, 5150; dresses altered, perfect
fit •guaranteed. Box 1786, CaU. \
A COMPETENT laundress wants work for
Wednesday and Thursday. Address 1475
Fifteenth -t. \ ;.-
COMPETENT laundress wishes work by the
day. Box 9538. Cfl.ll.
DRESSMAKER wants more engagements;
good fitter; ladies' and children's clothes;
$1 73 day and lunch. Box 9625, Call.
PLAIN sewing and children's sewing; $1 a
day and. carfare. 508 Gough st.
; A WOMAN would like a few hours' work
every day. Address 212 Shipley st.
LADY going East desires to accompany In- .
valid for part of expenses. Box 9436,* Call.
SMALL children. boarded and cared for; ref-
erences. MRS. EPLEY. 317 Fifth B.t; Oak-
land, i \u25a0_\u25a0 :' ' \u25a0 . '-\u25a0- . / \u25a0'-.\u25a0\u25a0' ".'\u25a0'
DAYS' work wanted. Apply 1726 Paoifio et..
Oakland. . '
POSITION wanted by experienced . German
.woman with daughter, as housekeeper or
manager of roaming-houne. Box 6052, Call.
Oakland. ; .
EDUCATED, capable . lady desires position,'
managing housekeeper In refined home;
widower's, hotel, club "of a. few gentlemen;.
\u25a0 companion to lady. Box 6051, CaU, . Oakland.
YOUNG lady wishes clerical work; any kind.
443 Tehama. '
COLORED woman wants work by the day.
127 Second st. . -
SWEDISH woman " wants . email famlly.wash-
lng- to do at home. Address or call 340
McAllister, Monday.; \u25a0 . \u25a0_. ' .'. . ...
ARTISTIC dressmaker would lUce engagements
by the day.; $1 60; dresses altered; perfect fit ,
guaranteed. Box 9441, CalL ' • , ; ' •- ' :' ';
DEAF .and dumb girl wishes light housework.
Address M. IX, 1310 Sherman et., Alamada.
i A FIRST-CLASS laundress: good ref erences ;
$1 50 day. Call or write 1115 Post St., near
Van Ness aye;; ; A .' ' -
PLAIN sewing -and children's sewing; $1 a
day and car fare. 608 Gough Bt.
YOUNG Eastern lady desires position as book-
keeper, stenographer, etc. ; highest : recom-
mendations. Address MISS E. E. LOWARY.
Uvas, Banta Clara Co., Cal.
FLATS TO LET — Contlnned.
AA A— COMPLETED ' LI3T ' OF HOUSES
FLATS, apartment and rooming houses- out
renting department ia free to all; w» caav
find you a home. ln any part of the clty.T
ask for: no oayment other than your gooo;
win: "we do not ask you to buy or even look
at the goods; use this department freely;
ycu are mere than welcome. -
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 243-239 : Geary
st. -(on the square.>. .
NEW modern fl3ts, 1614 A and 161 SB Howard
St.. near 12th — Large lot; 3 room* and bath;
plenty of lighs and sun; $23.
S17 — NEW upper flat of 4 rooms at 3040
Army. NW corner Alabama: car* on street;
water free; look at this. \u25a0 \u25a0
HOWARD. 2033. near 23th — Choice flats, 3
rooms and bath; renta $20 and $23 80.
SUNNY flat. 5 rooms and bath. 632 OUve ay*.,
near Buchanan at., bet. EUla and OT-rrell.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 4130. near Castro— New.
upper flat, 8 rooms, bath, cellar, yard; $21.
$22— NEW 6-room sunny flat, yard, base_iont.
237 Chattanooga St.. near Twenty-third.
7-ROOM corner flat. Church and Hancock sta..
opposite Mission Park; rent. s33.
FOR rent — Flat, 5 sunny rooms and bath; r*nt
reasonable. 11l CoUlngwood.
POST. 1667— Rear * rooms, bath. laondzyt
rent $14. -
BAKER. 735-747— Extra fin* Cat*. T rooaji.
$32 50. : '
SUNNY Cat.: s room* and bath. $13. Frankfort
aye.. off - 13th, .- near Howard. '
TO let — Flat. 4 rooms and hath; good as new;
rent <17. 2513 Polk at. . .
JIONTCALM. 320. near Mission— 3 room*; _•->
ppper Cat: $15. Inquire 1980 Geary »t.
GOLDEN GATE. 13C3, near Pierce— Desirable
flat, 4 rooms and bath; rent $20*
FILLMORE, 463 — Flat, modern upper or lower?
6 and 3 rooms; sunny, bath, yard, etc
(20 — TO let; elegant flat of 3 rooms an* bathT '
639 Broderick st.
FOR rent— 2232 Fifteenth «_; tipper Cat. 3
-rooms and bath, $20. - Apply basement Sat.
$23 — NOB. 1056; . new flat: ..mods— a Improve-
ments; nr. 24th and Castro car*: 6 room-.
WEBSTER, 1166, cor. Eddy — Elegant. _nr.
modern, sunny Cat: 7 rm* and bath; rent $40.
LAGUNA. 2942 — Six rooms and bath; new aad
modern house; *un all day; $22. .-. \u25a0- .. •
POLK. 1527. near Washington — Sunny Upper
flat of 2 floors. 9 rooms and bath: reasonable.
A CLEAN, sunny flat, 4 rooms; yard; water;
adults; $13 50. 8 Lysatt place: keys IUIA
. Jone* st. .' .
$17 — FLAT, 5 susny room* and bath, aQ tfaj> i
cd. 8338 Twenty- sixth st.. near Capp.
ELEGANT, downtown. lower 7-room flat. I£S3
Bush st.. near Hyda. . ..
VALLEJO. 1220, bet. Leavenworth and Hyd*^
Very sunny 5-room flat; bath; $21.
RENT ?22 50— Nice 5-room lower flat. Es
Scott st. . \u25a0. \u25a0 - \u25a0
LOMBARD, 095 — Sunny, modern B-room Sat; 1
block from Hyde-st. cars; $20. ;
SUNNY u;per 7 room and bath flat: rent rea-
sonable. 123 Fair Oak* st. vv >
$25 TO $47 50; elegant all runny new 3-6-8
room*. Sacramento and Ist aye. ; opea 1 to 4.
ARMY, bet. Church and Dolores^ four rooms
and bath; new, modern, sunny Cat. - - '
UPPER sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath: mod-
ern; grand view; rent $23. 162 Henry. \u25a0__
RENT reduced — New. modern flat of 9 rooms.
bath. 1393 O'FarreU st.. near Laguna.
RENT reduced — New; modern flat, np to data.
703 Fulton st, . '\u25a0\u25a0 :U
RENT reduced — New, modern Cat. up to date.
533 Buchanan st.
LEAVENWORTH. 1033 aad 1041— Two Cat*
of 5 rooms and bath: near California st.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3313, near Valencia— Lower
flat of 4 room-: bath. .
TWENTY-THIRD. 8552-3534. near Guerrero-
Upper and lower Cat; 4 rooms, bath.
A SUNNY Cat of 4 room*: $12. 233 Duboc*
aye., near Guerrero »t. - \u25a0 \u25a0 — «\u25a0
LAGUNA, 319. cor. Oak— Sunny Cat. 4 room*
a-d gaa; rent $16. ;.; ' '\u25a0
FIVK rooms, bath; sun all day; clean. 887
Capp. near Twenty- fourth. - •
FLAT to let on Baker nr. California: « nna-
bath: good view. Inquire 31 Hermann st.
LAKE. 742— Newly tinted, 6-room Cat; o-ei-
• - looking Mountain Lake Park aad Preaidlo.
SUNNY upper Sat 3 room*: good conditioni
$10. 633 Jessie st.. above : Saventti. ....
SUNNY, lower flat: 4 room* and bath; 1_ good
order; $16.' 33 Langton st. -.—.-•••
TWO sunny Cat*: 4 rooms each; rent reason*
able. 22 Sunnier St.. off Howard, nr. Eighth.
UPPER flat, 3 rooms and bath, unfurnlstwd.
at 2&21 Sixteenth et., near Folsam. •
FOUR rooms and bath. 221 Laurel ay*.. b*C
Turk and Eddy, off Van Ness.
I_JIPLaY_IEXT ..\u25a0wjshmp~MAl«E-*-Con
YOUNG i man -' would '- like . a •position as - prf-
vat» detecti%-e. • G. H. W.. 250 Natoma st. ,
WANTED — Position on large farm. Box 9.
Call offlce. .Oakland. \u25a0 -\u25a0 •
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position as farm
hand. Box 8. Call office. Oakland.
MACHINIST wants position" with er fwrinf
or m.ning toapany; fOia all-round ca
pable of taking thar • of conitr-cUon : wo _.
good references. \u25a0 Address box ot4i. CaU.
fc'ITUATION_ siji
POSITION : as stairbui:der wanted. Box 9459,
Call. ; '\u25a0;'• J ; - \u25a0
EVENING employment for y?«=*. oo 5 * 31 flve
nlghU per week. Box 9438.. CalL
BOY wculd lUce a position In _a wholesale
house; has good reference*, te Harriet \u25a0-
RESTAURANTS, hotels, resorts, baker lea or
lunch house*, wishing competent toalp can
now make application to our .•\u25a0" cl *"™L a^2
be assured of reUable people_as a number of
cooks, waiters, waitresses, bakers, etc.. ax*
nowawaltlng positions;, we are: [»<«*£ cm ~
ployment agency and deal only with our own
memberß.- thus assuring faithful. <» l =P et «_ t
help. CaU or address us for full information,
room 318. James Flood bldg.
DANISH man. middle-aged, wanw-rttoiiton;
. plain gardener or man about p « c ; h P riT __s
famny and country preferred; la sober ana
steady; beat ' of references. Addres* \u25a0*-""
DREW JOHNSON, 831 Kearny. room 87.
NOTARY publlo for Alameda County. M
years age, wants position in real estat*
' offlce> Box 6048. CaU office, Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by reUabl* coactoan «sd
gardener; good reference. S. D.. 559}4 rol-
\u25a0 torn, st. i . •
ED. CLANAHAX, general h<m *r rork ,_,*^
> cleaning, window washing and chimney
sweeping. 829 Jessie St..
THOROUGHLY experienced, winemaker and
- cellar man wishe* position. Apply 630 Sac-
. ramento st.; upstairs..-
BIARTENDER— First-claas, steady and re-
liable, best of city references, would like
position in country. Box 9210, CalL -
MECHANIC, understands anything in small
machines, especially in phonograph, riot
machine*, clocks, camera, etc Box 9220, CaU.
FIRST-CLASS barber would Uke a *teady Job
In a flrst-claa* chop. Address Box 9243. CaU
. offlce. -
COOK wants a place in country hotel or re»-
taurant. Box . 9362. CaU.
A GENERAL blacksmith and sheer want*
work In city; gtrtcyy sober. Box 9208. CaU.
SITUATION wanted by experienced collector:
wholesale house or law offlce; best reference*
and bonis If desired. Phone East 1600, or
box' SlB7. Call. - - \u25a0
WELL educated married man desire* respon-
\u25a0 Bible office work or position as \u25a0 traveling
salesman. Address room 147, Occidental
Hotel. --'.:-\u25a0 . ' - ]
YOUNG man wants any kind work after half-
past 6 for a few hoar* each evening. Box
9374, CaU. -'- ' '__-.
YOUNG man (Danish) wants position In store
or offlce: soeaks French and is quick and
accurate at figures. Box 9328. CaU. -
POSITION \u25a0 wanted by steady, reUable man;
handy with tool* and experienced driver.
Box 9186. Call offlce. • - -
SITUATION wanted by reliable coachman and
gardener; good reference. S. D.. 859% Fol-
som st.
CARPENTER— EIderIy, flrst-class carpenter
wants work;- city or country; be*t reference*.
Box 4093. CaU offlce. > ; .-
WANTED — By accountant, work on books
evenings or Sundays; temporary or perma-
nent; most .reasonable terms. Box 8995. CaU.
JAPANESE, thoroughly experienced gardener.
wants situation: city or country; hope $40
month. JAPANESE GARDENER, 1_22 La-
guna St., San Francisco. -
JAPANESE, thoroughly experienced gardener,
wants a job or day work. 1723 O'FarreU s_;
phone Geary 8172.
JAPANESE butler or flrst-class cook want* a
position tn ' family; references. Address
SHO, 503 'DuDont st.
JAPANESE flrst-clas* waiter wants position
in family; good references. H. H., 6 El-
wood' st. "" - X "
JAPANESE good Intelligent cook want* posi-
tion in family;' wages $35 up. 710 Sutter
-. Bt.;~ phone East 3475.;'-' -..\u25a0,::. \u0084
CHINESE first class cook wants position fam-
ily, or boarding-bouse. 822.Dupont st.
EXCHANGE.
SHORTHAND lessens for piano and musical in.
- experienced teacher. Box 9227,
• Call office^
flats to let. ..:„?;:
EMPLOYMENT WANTED--MALE— Con
A YOUNO man desirea posiUon" as bookkeeper;.
- has knowledge of stenography; first-class
references.. Box 9402. Call office. - \u25a0 ':
POSITION as bartender. Address H. T.,~ 4130
. Twentieth *t.- : \u25a0 . . - ; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.•.
POSITION a* cigar clerk. . : JOSEPH Mo-
CARTE. 450 Third *t.
A SITUATION' : a* plumber. • 1920 FcJaom *t.
MAN want* position as bookkeeper/ 81T Mi*-
Blssippl:gt. - - »\u25a0••\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0.-.-.-\u25a0\u25a0
POSITION' a* errand boy. : Phon* South 466.
UNION carpenter want* Jobbing. ; Room 9, 803
..Minna A. .- \u25a0: '• \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0':-'.\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0- "\u25a0' \u25a0-
PORTEIR 1 wish** steady position. 1416 Harrl-
•-'\u25a0\u25a0on' »t. -.. -- \u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' "'•'•'"' ' ' \u25a0'\u25a0'-'-'-
BOY :• wants to drtv* wagon. TT7H . Market
Bt.,' room 9. - \u25a0.\u25a0 \u25a0. .'\u25a0- '•\u25a0- '' - '
YOUNG man 22 years of age, of good habits
and buslne» coUeg* graduate, Jtfishe* a po-
sition; beat reference* aad bond. Box 9413.
. Can,' ---'/; \u25a0-' \u25a0 \u25a0"\u25a0 ' \u25a0\u25a0'"'- : -'
ALL-ROUND olerk want* poeitloa. 102T FeU
\u25a0 street.-.',.. .. ' ' -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.-\u25a0• \u25a0 ' -
WANTE->— Job as butler. Box 9*lB, Call.
YOUNG man. desires position as stenographer
In broker's offlce; city references. Box 9414,
'Can.'-.-. \u25a0--'-• \u25a0'\u25a0'- ..-\u25a0\u25a0. -\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0---\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0. " - :-.-.\u25a0\u25a0-
WANTED— Position by handy-man; mak* my-
self useful in and out of the house at any-
can use tool*. Box 9409, Call. -,
A BOY want* a poaiUon as atockboy. Box
8406, Call.—. \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0-.
A SOBER. • Industrtons, educated young man
wants work for 3 or 8 hour* after 5 p. m.;
experienced In elevator work; best references.
C. H., 204 Turk Bt. >\u25a0 •
COLLECTOR with bond and ref erenoes dejrtre*
position. Address 3. A. 8.. box 9290, CaU.
COACHMAN want* portOon on gentteman'*
'-, country place; references from last employer.
Box 2989. Call office. .
WANTED— A position as portw. 859 Minna,
street. \u25a0 *
MAN 85 would care for invalid iceatleman.
I .Box 9262. CaU office. ' '
GOOD cook wants position. 163 Tehama «t.
PLACE wanted aa errand boy. 229 Franklin
street. -;.',\u25a0-\u25a0 -:. \u25a0 ,
COMPOSITOR wants steady positloa in coun-
try to wn .^Box92B3i : CaUof____^^______
WANTED— Position as city aalesman to call
on retail grocery trade; long experience. Box
0265. Call of flge. ' ' -. - *
PRESSMAN desire* position. V. BRYANT,
906 Pacific «t. ,
BOY wants work. Box 9266. CaU offlce.
I Man and wife want positions; man stableman.
good driver, can milk:- wife general house-
work; country preferred.: Box 9628. CalL
WANTED— Job a* office boy. Box 9269. CaU
offlce. .... .
GERMAN wanta position a* night watchman,
Apply 1433 Fifteenth aye. South. «
WANTED— Position In plumbing shop by man
to learn trade. Box 9429, Call office.
EXPERIENCED English valet desires situa-
tion; excellent . references. GEORGE, 73
Third *t..
CARPENTER'S helper want* *teady work.
Box 9422. CaU offlce.
BARTENDER, experienced. German, wlshea
position; references given. Box 9419, Call.,
ELDERLY man wants place, light work and
small wage*: a" good horseman; best of ref-
erencea. Box 9418, CaU office. \u25a0 .'-\u25a0.-".-
POSITION as bookkeeper or Btenographer. Box
9427. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wishes position; wiUlng to do any
kind of work. 250 Natoma «t.
WANTED— PIace as^ porter, in city. Address
. 327 Filbert at. . \u25a0 .
YOUNG : man with knowledge of plumbing
would Uke to obtain situation. Box 9270. Call.
YOUNG bookkeeper wants position. Box 9272.
Call offlce. -
UNIVERSITY graduate, experienced manager,
wants responsible position; good talker. Box
9276, Call office. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . -
YOUNG man wishes a position as plumber's
helper. Address W. 8., 2421 Eighth st.
BOY wants position in * atore. Address box
9279, CaU offlce. - . , .
BOY. wants Job. OTT. 9 Oak st.
W ANTED — By an experienced ; and good ' all-
_ around man at jobbing in hotel or rooming-
" * house with references. Please address B.
F. W., 841 Filbert st. -\u25a0.. '
GOOD butcher wishes : place In union shop.
Address 338 Hayes st. \u25a0.-•\u25a0\u25a0
AN experienced stock boy wants position in a
wholesale house. Box 9252, Call office.
POSITION as porter. 777 Market at.
WANTED — Pcstlop as collector. 777 Market
' street. _^ " '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE— Con.
GOOD salesman^ wants steady ; position. 320
• Hayes at..--- \u25a0;..... ; \u25a0 ..\u25a0 \u25a0:-.y- < ..- \u25a0". \u25a0 '-' - -
YOUNG « man ' wishes position : a* driver. •*' 376
';. Fell '6t.;- ' - \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 - ;; -:\u25a0 •:•---: ' \u25a0" \u25a0' :\u25a0-'\u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0 '.- -- : -
BOOKKEEPER : Will . accept . any position of
trust. Care F. NORTON, 423 ; Dolores st.
YOUNG man \u25a0 wishes position as cook. ' Box
\u25a0 P334, Call office. '. . ; ; \u25a0 --:'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
BOY wants work running elevator. Box 9337,
; CaU office.; ; -.'.••-"-'\u25a0-•\u25a0 " \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0--''-\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0 "\u25a0' v \u25a0'
WANTED — A position aa olerk in hotel.' . 460
• Natoma et. .- - -.-v --\u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0 --\u25a0'.' \u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0 - '\u25a0- -.- -
. ' . "\u25a0" . . "." ' -\u25a0 / .. \u25a0\u25a0 .- - \u25a0.. y -,r
BOY want* Job' a* oash . bey. ~ Box 9388. CaU.
WANTED — By young man, a situation. Box
-;- 9397., CaU olflce. _ -
YOUNG man wishes position as night watch-
man.i Box 9399. Call office.
WANTED— Poeltlon as draftsman. Address box
; 9400. Call offlce. y \u25a0-\u25a0:<\u25a0\u25a0?.-.
POSITION -wanted by young man in grocery
or tea and coffee stort; 9 year*' •xparieno*}
references. Box 0392. Call of flee. *
WANTED— Situation a* waiter In hotel. Box
9391. Call offlce. - . u,i \u25a0 .
WANTBD--A position as watchman " by a
steady man; references.. -91 Rausch St.-
EVENING employment for young man ; T to
10 o'clock, flve nights. Box 9386. CaU office.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper. Box 9385,
\u25a0 Call office.; ; ; .: \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .' "'\u25a0 ' -''' : ' '-'
EVENING employment; for young man. Box
0352, Call office. -. \u25a0 -.
GENERAL, printer desire* permanent P_fK lon
in a commercial concern. Address Printer,
.'3O Farreri aye. . --.; - - \u25a0: . •
EXPERIENCED waltar (colored) want* work
for parties or hotel. 1013 Clay St.* phone
(Montgomery 611. - ' -'
YOUNG man wishes situation a* night watch-
man; can give flrst-olaas references. Box
9225, Call. v . \u25a0
WANTED— Situation as bookkeeper. '\ Address
box 9221, Call.
A PORTER want* work. 237^ Wfth *t.
A MIDDLE-AGED man want* work by th*
day. 1074 Howard *l
BUTCHER wants work In *hop. \u25a0 • Box 9256,
CaU office.' \u25a0 .' \u25a0
FIRST-CLASS barber seek* situation.- K. 8.,
170 Shipley at. - . • \u25a0 -
A POSITION wanted as salesman lni country.
store. Box 9222, Call.
A LUNCH \u25a0 waiter wants a place, to work
steady; dinner. Box 9228, Call. ...;,.-
WANTEXV-Poeltion as a foreman in paint
shop. F. N.. 332S Twenty-second at.
WANTED— Position' as engineer. Bteam, elec-
tric and hydraulic; reference: 25 years as
chief of a large department building ln.Chi-
cago. Box 9229. Call.
TYPESETTER want* a position. W. J., 2131
Howard st. ' . -
WANTED— Poaltlon as a bellboy. Box 9213,
Call- office.. ; : --' '
BOY wants situation. 230 Howard at.
POSITION as clerk. 1103 Post »t. '
YOUNG Swiss wishes position aa milker. Ad-
dress CHARLES. SC6 Bush st.
W ANTED— Position as bookkeeper. GBORG-I
STEVENS. 600 Pine at -\u25a0_. -
YOUNO French boy wishes a* Job la restau-
rant. Call at 848% Tehama et.
SECOND hand baker wants work on bread.
634 Pacific Bt. . \u25a0 . '
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEP--P>mnle~Con
A MARRIED lady, husband having good posi-
tion, will help lady with large family or
rooming-house for housekeeping r»om»; be«t
reference. Box 8232. CalL
WANTED — A place as CrcE»maker. 439 Clem-
entina st.
YOUNG woman wishes light houfeworX. Bex
»:&{>. Ca-1 ofgee. \u25a0 .
WOMAN wants waehing by the day. 1139
Fifth aye. South. .
WANTED — Portion as stenographer; txperl-
eacec*. Apply box C3SS. Call office.
POSITION- a* nurse. Cl 6 Green at.
LADT wants position as typewriter. Box 95T5.
C-U efflce. *
YOUNG lady wants work by the weelc Bex
9£es. Call office.
6ITUATION \u25a0» a ealealady. «19 Lombard st. \
YOUNG girl wishes to take care of baby.
1224 H Bush et.
NEAT German woman wishes to take in wash-
lag. MRS. WEBES. 1537 Greenwich Bt.
GIRL would llke-a place in bakery. 2343 Mi-
*an st. '
COLORED lady would lOC* work In theater
a* cnaid: can give best of references. -J
I>rby place.
CHAMBERMAID wants petition. Call 212
geccsd st. -
WANTED— Position te do light office work.
Idrt. A. House. r iS32H 7th *t.. Oakland.
POSITION as office assistant. MISS M..
- 2227 Larkln st.
WANTED — A place as child's nurse in day
time. Call 161* Broadway.
OOOD Swedish laundress wants to take plain
washing home. Box 9339, Call.
WOMAN want* work by day. $1 50. 730
Howard st. .
A YOUNG girl would like to take care Of chil-
dren. -223 Twentieth Bt.
POSITION wanted by experienced housekeeper
in rooming house. Apply 271 Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress and cleaner wishes
work b" the day, beginning Monday, 21e~.
or cocking. Box 9357. Call office.
>. CHAMBERMAID wants work. 724 Grove et.
A WOMAN wants washing for Monday. 272
Eighth st., rear Folsom.
'A WOMAN to co out and work by the day.
1704 Leavenworth st.
COMPETENT stenographer requires position.
E3O Tark «t.
GIRL wUhe* position in candy store. Apply
at 417 Ivy aye.
tf ANTED— Position a* housekeeper. Box 9384.
CaU oT-ce.
TOUNG lafly wishes to go out washing by
day. C-U at 425 Harriet et.
WANTED — A position as stenographer. Box
8353. CaU offlce. ;
LADY wants sewing for families by the day;
good cutter and fitter. Box 9381. Call.
DRESSMAKER want* work at 1C76 Howard
street.
A STRONG German woman wants work by
the day wishing and ironing. MRS. MOOR,
fOii Folsom Bt, oear Seventh. i
A RELIABLE woman wishes to do family
ctuing by day. Bex 822 L Call.
WANTED — Work by the day; a good laun-
drecs. 912 Howard st.
MIDDLB-AGED woman want* work by the
Ciy. 3-3 Austin aye.
A FIRST-CLASS cook warts cls.ee; will be
recommended. Apply 1503 Market st., MRts.
BWK
BEAiISTRESS would like a few mere engage-
ments mending. 2416 Bush st.
MIDDLE- AGKD German desires position in pri-
vate place; understands care of horses, lawn
mowing and all-around work. Address box
9254, Call. . * :
A BOY wants work after school hours. Box
0233, CaU. .
YOUNG man wants position of any kind in
afternoon only. Box 9212, CaU.
WANTED — Situation a* saloon porter. Box
9380, CaU. . \ -....- \u25a0 . - '
WANTED — Situation aa head Janitor: have ex-
perience and references. Address A. F. 8.,
324 Madrid Bt. .'-• - .
WANTED — Situation as gardener. Address F.
G. 8., 568 Minna Bt. .'
OFFICE boy: wants position. Box 9218, Call
offlce. V- . : - '.?. \u25a0-. -•:•' •
WANTED— A . Saturday night Job in a retail
store" by: an ' experienced clerk. - Box -9204.
Call offlce. •- \u25a0 • - -:•'\u25a0 \u25a0 - ri';;-«
AN - experienced . liquor. - salesman with good
route wants position. 271A. Sutter et. ..
Pl_\lN sewing. 203 Dorland st.
A WOMAN wants work by the day washing
end cleaning. Apply 1433 Fifteenth aye.
South. . •
A YOUNG girl wants sewing by the day. Box
9214. CaU.
WORKING housekeeper want* position. ICIB
Howard et., room 1.
A YOUNG girl want* position a* saleslady.
Box 9215, Call.
TOt'NG 6irl wants position: light housework;
--ages $15. Box 5378. CaU.
SIDDLE-AGED woman wants place es house-
kfeeptr. 5750 Seventeenth at.
LADY wants washing at home. 2340 Folsom
etreet.
OFFICE girl wishes position. Apply box 9233.
Call offlce.
WANTED— Position a* BurseglrL Apply 258
Perry «*t.
SITUATION wanted to do up curtains. MRS.
CAPELLI. 545 Jcwie at.
POSITION* as stenographer by young lady. Ad-
dress »04 Fifth st.. Oakland.
WOMAN want* washing. 75 Natoma st.
WANTED — Lady wißhe* position as «ea-
osrapher with law firm. Box 1737, CaU.
A LADY want* to go out by the day. SC7
Golden Gate aye.
ONE girl wishe* work a* waitress. Box 9231,
CaU office. ,
fe* ANTED by lady, position as managins house.
keeper; reference. Box 9237. Call. ; * \u25a0
.WOMAN want* work by the day. C 36 Pacific
street.
\u25b2 NEAT young girl would Uke to tend store.
Apply 6 Union Els.cc.
EESPECTABLE woman would like work In
delleaieEsen etore; good all around; no _ua-
flay work. Box 8236, Call.
A WOMAN wants work by th* day. Box 9235.
Caa office.
COLORED lady would Uke work in store as
maid. 22 Derby place, lower flat.
A LADY wishes position as housekeeper. Box
9258. CaU. |
WANTED — Position to do housework by the
day and deep home. CaU 1517 Dnpont at.
WANTED — Position by the day to do house-
work and sleep home. CaU 2114 Mason et..
basement.
A WOMAN wants laundry work by day; good
Laundress. €S3 Harrison St.. near Third.
WOMAN want* chamberwork. 765 Howard
street.
WANTED — Position as stenographer. Box 9207,
CaU efflce.
POSITION, as watchman bx man^of 35; mar»
rled ; \u25a0 steady and sober.' 'Box 9203. Call. <
A RELIABLE offlce man and bookkeeper wants
position; salary no object; good 'reference*.
Box 9360, Call. .;V; ;. : : ~
CARPENTER want* any kind of work. 747
Howard «t. \u25a0 • . " ~, . .-. ..
GOOD Jaoanese boy wants situation to do
waiter and housework ; speaks . English well.
YAMA. 417 Jone** St.; phone' East 8615.
WANTED — Job as cook. Box 9271, CaU office.
WANTED — Situation by. good, honest and. re-
liable bartender; salary no object: I would
Jlke steady Job. , Box 9506, CaU offlce.
EXPERIENCED fruit farmer, strictly sober,
handy with tools, prune, graft, dry. pack
fruits, wants position; steady, place, vine-
yard, orchard; competent take charge; ref-
erences. Box 97,; 417 Kearny st.
PAINTER and paperhanger; all' work very
reasonable; have all tools. Painter, 1143}$
Mission, St.; phone Howard 2222.
AN expert accountant and bookkeeper desires
a,' set of books to keep a few hours daily;
. compensation ' according to time required.
Address box 9520. Call office.
YOUNG man wants night work. 2348 Post st.
YOUNG * man would Uke work after school
' hour*: coUege student. 2343 Post St.
EXPERIENCED all-around machinist " want*
position. Box 9431, Call offlce.
A YOUNG boy would .Uke position aa cash or
errand * boy. ; Address 1312 Mason st
A YOUNG man wants work In a dry goods
store. Box 9816. Call Office. \u25a0
'MAN and wife want work in mining board-
ing-house -or • lumber, camp. , 1175 Howard
St., room 11. -".-/-: \u25a0\u25a0:..*-\u25a0
A UNION bartender wants "work. Ask A.
LONDSMANN, OOP Pogt at. .
A YOUNG man would like a position of any
kind. Box 0522. Call offlce.
A BOY wishes to work after school. 710 Har-
, rlson Bt.x 'v -' '- i' \u25a0*-"-\u25a0" -\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0' •-'«.\u25a0\u25a0*\u25a0•\u25a0 -..-\u25a0\u25a0' -\u25a0• '\u25a0
BOY wants to run. errands; steady. Box 9523,
Call of flee. "\u25a0;- \u25a0'\u25a0 •\u25a0' -\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 ;\u25a0--' ' ' - - ;_; _ -" .-- \u25a0
NICE youne man: '. can do most anything;
. . would 1 Uke- a -position in city. Box 9435, Call.
POSITION aa night watchman; * bond; refer-
ences.-= Box 9333.' Call. •
POSITION in salary loan offlce ; Chicago, St. |
\u25a0 • Louis and i San Francisco; experience: \u25a0 bond •
any amount: will Invest $30C0; can manage
offlce. - Box 9532, Call. ' ' ;i
PORTER wants situation. - 327 FUbert *t.'
WOULD ' like a position \u25a0as car builder. \u25a0 B.
HECHTMAN. '2S3 Fell Bt. -..*\u25a0\u25a0
MAN and wife want positions to run cookhouse
, for \u25a0 logging? camp or \u25a0\u25a0 ranch. Box 9539. Call.
YOUNG man wishes position to drive wagon.
v Q.; H., 260 Natoma. St. \u25a0..\u25a0\u25a0.- . .
.WANTED— Situation as bartender. Box 0536,
•..;Call.'--.-r--.;^ -::,- \u25a0 -. \u25a0'-: \u25a0-" ". " - \u25a0 \u25a0"\u25a0::'-• .
MIDDLE-AGED man; handy with horses, cows,
lawn, > garden, chickens; ; good driver, wants
..work on " Drivite place.. . HENRY •. RODE-
;.KOPH, 407; Twelfth ' st.,- Oakland. " i \u25a0 > -. .
GARDENER. >. flrst-ciaas. wants work by '. day
\u25a0:. or month: -y A.- E.,: 616 \u25a0 Broadway, : Oakland. '
WAiJTED^— Position as foreman : on ranch ; can
spe<ik- English. . Portuguese, Japanese. -Ha-
' wailan.^Sranlsh. \u25a0, Italian r and French ;• fami-
liar with ranching. -ANTON PARIA.- 109
Franklin st..- Oakland. V > v
COMPETENT, -reliable r. foreman, - carpenter;
- capable of . carrying on any ljne ofconstruc-
tion; at present finishing large building In
. .city ; •is '.open : for » engagement; . country s pro-
iferred^ Box 9528. CaU. v " •
WANTED— Situation -1 for boy 18 years. ; living,
\u25a0'.with parents' in city: has some knowledge of
'. electrical iwork. -.*\u25a0\u25a0 Address , Y., 732 Merchants'
'E?xchange,. California 3 st. :.--\u25a0
YOUNG . machinist \ wants i a I position; * : 8 \u25a0 years'
\u25a0 experience..' 628 , Montgomery > at. \u0084 ;-.
COACHMAN— (Swede, s age>; 8O), experienced
; - and . strictly i temperate, - would : Uke situation
: about l September - 1 ; \u25a0 references,'* present ; em-
''> ployer.' (wages less than . $35 not . considered).'
.'; Address 'C: N.r,Call Agency, - ; San; Jose. Cal.'
ALL-AROUND cook wishes position ; • hotsl or
.restaurant;, country - preferred.;'. Box,- 9511,.
scau.-.-';-v. •-'".-.. -.."-- - ,"\u25a0 ---\u25a0•-. -\u25a0•"\u25a0..- \" -\u25a0
CARPENTER — Non-union; ; flrst-class finisher;
;•'> want* :. work <by > day . or contract. ' ' Box -. 9353,
\u25a0^CaU.iv3....?;.; : -.' : '....- \u25a0 .'; . - : ... \u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0• ; ',
LADY wishes . honsecleaning. 19 Bartlett *t.
GIP.I. wishes work by the day. 562 Valencia
etreet^ . \u25a0 \u25a0- \u25a0 \u25a0 . . _.
YOUNG woman wants to do washing and Iron-
ing by the day, »1 60. 2421 Greenwich st..
near Scott.
DRESSMAKER wants work by the day. Box
0410, Call office^ \u25a0' \u25a0 - \u25a0
WANTED — Position as seamstress. Address
2t>3 Shipley et. . : \u25a0">—.
YOUNG lady deelres typewriting work to do
at home. Box 9412.' Ca1l office. .
-___————————————————-—————-————--———•——\u25a0—
YOUNG woman wants work by day washing
and cleaning, $1 50 a day and car far«.
Box 9407. CaU office. - ' ;
WANTED— Situation as dressmaker; emaU
wages to etart. Box 9408. CaU office.
LADY wants to do washing by day. 402 Sec-
ond st.
TOUNG lady would like a position as copyist.
Bos 3405. Call offlce. \u25a0 .
WANTED— Sweeping by the day. 330 Main Bt.
PLAIN sewing by the day. 347 Beale Bt.,
flat A. .
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Box
9291. CaU offlce. .
NEAT appearing young man wants a position
as collector or euch outside work. Box 92)2,
Call office. '\u25a0..'.
A YOUNG man wants position as cook. Box
5294, CaU office, \u25a0- . '
STRONG boy wishes work of any kind. 753
Tehama st.
POSITION as shoe clerk. JOS. P. McCARTE,
450 Third st. \u25a0 .. . - \u25a0 \u25a0
BARBER, with 10 months' experience would
like position; give me a trial. Box 9261,
CaU orfice.
WANTED — Position a* governess or compan-
ion by a young lady anxious to come to S.
F. to study singing; small salary; good
home. Box IWOO. Call. . '
POSITION aB copyist. 516 Noe st.
YOUNG girl wishes -position in office. 171
Rues Bt. - - \u25a0 . \u25a0 . \u25a0
YOUNG lady bookkeeper, experienced; desires
position; references. 80^9501. Call.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements; con-
flEements, invalids, massage; faithful ser-
vice; moderate terms; references. MRS.
KING. 1159 Turk Bt. ,' " \u25a0 \u25a0 ' -
A WOMAN wishes employment, washing by
the day. 134 Minna st. .
WOMAN wnts to go out by the day. washing.
Call 212 Clara st.
WOMAN wants work by the day. house clean-
ing; $1 K0 and carfare. MRS. OSGOOD. 115
Hayes st. •
PLAIN sewing or mending. Call at 655 Jessie
street. - \u25a0 \u25a0--
WOMAN would like to put up fruit for fami-
liea. Address J. F. L.. 70S Sutter et.
I AAAA
Every desirable vacant dwelling is listed in
1 our renting department. Combined Usts from
125 of the largest agencies. Savea a world -of
: time and trouble.
Service ia absolutely free.
' You are not asked to buy or even look at fur.
nlture. Welcome! »
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY.
1030 Market st.. opposite McAllister.
39-41-43 LANGTON St.; 4 and 6 rooms.
\u25a0 bath and tubs each, free; near 7th and
• Howard; finish this week; 112 to 113 Perry
' Bt.. near 3d. 4 and 5 rooms each; with and
without bath • and tub*: water and ashes
free. Address DR. FRINK. room 735, United
Trust Co. buildlngf. ; '
NEW upper 6 rooms; sun all day; choice loca-
tion; tine view. -Corner Portola and Duboce
Park, off Waller., bet. Pierce and Steiner.
Me A LUSTER, 1043. near Buchanan — Sunny
middle flat of 7 rooms- and bath: rent $30.
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.,' 013 Call-
: fornla' st. ' -" . - * - - -
BIX modern flat* on .Webster st. near FUbert;
just completed; rents $23 and $27 50. YON
RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 813 Cali-
\u25a0 fornla, *t. - .
ELLIS. 1453, near Webster — House of 6 rooms
and bath; rent $27 50. YON RHEIN REAL
ESTATE CO.. • 513 California at. .. , ' ?;
NEW. modern flat. 5 rooms, bath; rent $20. 323
California st South, bet. California and Cle-
ment, 4th and sth ayes. : near 4 car lines.
CHEAP rent. 2905-27 Sixteenth St.; desirable
upper flats: ' 7 rooms and bath each; rent
only $22 50. \u25a0 \u25a0' " ' ' \u25a0 . \u25a0
$30 — SUNNY, 6-room. elegant flat; Just com-
pleted; grand marine view; also 11- room flat;
view and all can't be beat. 242 Laurel st.
NEW middle flat, 7 rooms and tath; 2 toilets.
2023 Oak '; St., ' opp. Golden Gate Park; owl
car service. r
TO let — Nice, sunny tipper Cat; 6 room* and
bath; grand marine view. Southeast corner
Jones - and Broadway.
N_i \V , 4-room flats: all modern Improvements;
rents $15 and $lfr 50: Noa. 4378-4380 Seven-
teenth st., above Douglass.
JACKSON. ;•-. 1170-74, near . Jones — Desirable
houses. 8 and 9 rooms and bath each; rents
;' very cheap. . '.
TO let — Sunny upper. flat, 6 rooms, bath. 2023
Fifteenth st., bet. Marset and Church*
rent $23. , .
FOURTEENTH. — Sunny and modem
6 and 7 rooms and baUis; one-half block
- north of Market Bt. .\u25a0..-.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath, in good order; fine
-. marine view; : 2614 Larkln, . near Chestnut,
one block from . Hyde-st. car; rent \u25a0 $25 .
ELLIS, > 826 — Three elegant sunny rooms; re-
cently \u25a0 finished; $32 60; aU and every con-
\u25a0 venlence. — • \u0084 ,
TWO modern \u25a0- flats, Just c completed; marine
view; open; for inspection: cwi Union street,
between Polk and Van "Ness avenue.
BHERIDAN, 85, , bet. - 9th and ' 10th, Harrison
and \u25a0 Folsom— 4-room flat; bath and gas; wa-
\u25a0 . ter free. V ; \u25a0 ' \u25a0• . -\u25a0'-.\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0,-"- .-\u25a0 \u25a0/'•\u25a0 \u25a0 \u0084. . - -' \u25a0
A">NEW lower and middle flat; 8 rooms and
,bath; yard; water free; open. 2441-2445
•Post *t.;. ; .-. ' . • - . .. :
OAK, 714 — Modern upper, sunny flat -of 6
- room* and bath; porch; basement* rent
$2750: ODenl»to 4. \-
ELEGANT 6-rodm , flat. Western- Addition
. choice location; rent low. MABCUSE, 113
Montgomery *t. .\u25a0 r .--.,-. *
O'FARRELL, 1929-ID37— Modern flats 3-8-7
rooms ; basement, yard ; \u25a0 reasonable to good
tenants. .
LANGTON, 2S7— Flat of 4 rooms, yard; $10
\u25a0-...-. Key,, at 916 Bryant . St. (grocery).
ELEGANT,; 8- room • flat ; : sun in every ' room -
: all modern Imp. .- 632 Oak at., near Webster.
FLATS ' to ' 1et— 4597 ?and " 4503 : Eighteenth st. :
-4 and 5 rooms and bath: rent $17 and $18. \u25a0
NINETEENTH : aye..'. ' 112— Lower flat. s 5 sunny
• rooms, gaa,; bath.': marine view; i rent - $12. ;
SUNNY modern flei of 8 rooms and bath. 1944
Post st., near FUlmcre.' - : .";••;- - '
TURK.^7IB/ near .Van Ness ; aye. — Six rooms,
bath, yard; low rent: $22.1aM----_MB_Mi
NEW. sunny : s-room, flats: separate large yard;
-tinted;; $22 50;. near; Park. 557^ Third aye.
STEINER. ' 38. / near - Haight, ' opposite ' Duboce
.. Park— 7, room* and bath; modern. . . , {
SWEDISH girl wants general housework in
private family; wages $20. 1223 Rhode
Island «t.
WANTED— Bookkeeping to do at home, or will'
take charge of collection department for a
store. Box 6050, Call offlce, Oakland.
SITUATION wanted: colored lady; flrst-class
cook. Inquire 613 Powell St.; wages $35, $40.
WANTED — By experienced young woman.' a
position as working housekeeper or house-
work in small fam'.lj;; across the bay pre-
ferred; city or country; references. Address
844 Capp St.. or phone Capt> 8071, S. F.
GOOD, strong nurse wants rheumatic patients;
, is a good masseur. Inquire for MRS. OLSON,
1512 Dolores St., bet. - Twenty-eighth and
Twenty-ninth. : A.- ":...1.r..v V
A MIDDLE-AGED German woman wants light
housework . and cooking ; wages $15. . ; 927
. \u25a0Washington st.: no postals. - . ' . _. !
WAITING at lunches or dinners by respectable
person. Please call 5275 Harrlnon Bt. . \u25a0-.-. v:
A BRANCH offlce of Th* Call for the reception
; of advertisements and subscriptions has been
. opened -at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. : ••.-\u25a0• -\u25a0: , (
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
YOUNG man wants position • expert \u25a0 band, rip,
]lg or stock sawyer; -can braze, swedge, nle
or set same; can run planer, joiner, tenoner,
mortises/ etc, ; can do carving and wood turn-
Ing; have tools; can do carpentry work; very
handy with tools. Box 9253, CaU offlce. .
A LATELY landed, 'industrious German of 26
and of good appearance wishes position in
offlce, etore or. private family; applicant Is
good penman and < can if desired furnish se-
curity; town or environs. ; CARL FUSS, ,796
Harrison st. -;x:.-iW" -;'..\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0'.'\u25a0. - > \u25a0\u25a0':•\u25a0.!.''_ :.)
BOY wishes work for afternoons in store.' Ap-
ply 1007% Folsom St.: ;. v ; \u25a0\u25a0 ; ' r. . \u0084 :
AN experienced clerk • wants ' a position. Ad- :
dress 720 Peralta aye. ;
GOOD barber ' wants ' a ' position. Address - 720
Peralta aye. \u25a0' \u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0:.:\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0^'\u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0--.-'•.-.:\u25a0:' ;
MAN wants position as assistant to I janitor;
best of references. .: T.; MANNING, 472 Stev-
e nson st. ' >~ \u25a0\u25a0-'-\u25a0 - : a ;'.'-'." . ...-. "---\u25a0; .'.\u25a0••.-\u25a0
WANTEt) — A situation as an • errand boy for
: after school. 1643 O'FarreU st. \u25a0\u25a0•;_.\u25a0
BOY wants position as cash boy. Box 9361,'
.- CaU of flee. ___ ___• :< v, ' "~ : . ';.-'\u25a0' __\u25a0 _
WANTS work aa watchman. 'O. • TRASB^ 810
Powell st - : . .*\u25a0--•... .-:
WANTED— A' position as butcher. Apply .W.,
: -; A. -.• P.." 033 Kearny st. - \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•
CANVASSER wants novelty to . work." 319
Twenty-*eventh :• «t. . \u25a0 . . '-.;-.
MAN would like position as cook. MR. MUR-
PHY. Ig3l Greenwich st. . ; \u25a0
BOOKBINDER "> wants work. Box 9378. Call
" offlce. ; " .;; ".\u25a0\u25a0"; _-V : ':-^" " ; '-/-": : -.\ ; -''-. ! rr;?
WANTED — Position as driver. Box 9377, Call
offlce. ' -\u25a0': \u25a0\u25a0:~-:i-- : -~ '\u25a0 -'',:. \u25a0 \u25a0 ."" \u25a0• ';. r\u25a0' -,
BOYwantß work; drive for doctor. \u25a0 Box 9347,
-. \u25a0 Call offlce. " .ry, .-'\u25a0 ; y ";,--:.\u25a0\u25a0- -\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0:—.'\u25a0-;--.^
CARPENTER'S - helper : wanU . work. 1629
Bryant \u25a0\u25a0--'\u25a0-•'\u25a0--\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0.->•;-•:-.'-\u25a0.•• '..\u25a0-'. -\u25a0.-.:' ..--\u25a0:
WANTE-^-PoslUon ; as ' porter 25 Fourth st.
BOY wishes to4earn" a trade. Box 9343, Call
- office; -.\u25a0\u25a0-.: -•'--*-:, '\u25a0- : : ,.~: -j- --' \u25a0" \u25a0-. *\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-: -.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- m
BOY wants ; position . in wholesale -\u25a0 houße. \u25a0 Ad-"
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0:\u25a0 dress box . 93i*.~ Call • offlce. ; . "— r
BOY ' 18 - wants •to help on wagon. - Box 9832,
. '. C*l\ office. - ; -:\u25a0' ',:',--..-\u25a0,:•;' - - \u25a0'; :-.\u25a0...--;;\u25a0,: . .-.
POSITION ' wanted as salesman \u25a0 In . book store."
\u0084\u25a0-. Box 9154. Call office. : : \ : ; :, - ; \u0084.
ERRAND boy.wants place. .314 Fell Bt.' ;
AN experienced . shoe - clerk wants position in
. ; oity or - country, i % JOSEPH -A. rVHBRKEN-
. ; RATH,;. 847;. BucHanan ; st.V; San ; Francisco. \ '\u25a0
EMPLOYMENT "•'\u25a0 as? \u25a0tenographir .- imae) for
--;.. two or three. wecks.'i; Box 9440,: Ca11. V. ' ; " '
IIELIABLK youn_ man' of 25 wishes position
-; of any ! kind :' private ! place preferred ; ' good
V refexences. : Box; 9219, - CaU. .. . \u25a0 \u25a0'-.
AN experienced young man of 21. years of age
wants position \u25a0• in a - furniture ' store. E. ; S.
MASON, 232 Stockton at. ;
WANTETD-^A position as an errand boy. Box
9364, Call offlce. \u25a0 ; . .
POSITION wanted \u25a0by . man and wife; man
Al horseman, can milk; wife to do general
housework; country preferred. Box 93G5, Call.
OFFICE : boy .would'like 'to have position; age
15; references. Box 9366, Call offlce.
GENERAL machinist, with , first-class ; refer-
' ences, wants position.' Box 9393, Call office/
MACHINIST wants position. -Box 9358, Call.
COMPETENT engineer 'wants * position. ' Box
9357, Call, of flee. . .
SITUATION wanted as porter in saloon. H-
\u25a0- SMITH, 6Ca Bush at. ;'..'.' - -
ASSISTANT ; engineer, •» fireman •or any other
kind of work. BLACKMAN. 1412 Market.
MEAT cutter wants work. Box 9251, CaU of-
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 flee/ -- • \u25a0 -\u0084.\u25a0-.:\u25a0. .-\u25a0\u25a0 -.- ,-\u25a0 :• ..• ' '\u25a0.\u25a0."; . \u25a0
WANTED— Position as Janitor or night
watchman;- good- man. .19 Bonlta st. '
YOUNG man wishes a position as waiter in the
- country. ' 564 Olive st. \u25a0 *.
BAKER wants position on v- bread or cakes ;
ci ty or • country. ' Address WM. * JANTZEN,
2231 McKinley aye., Berkeley. . . \u25a0„',-. .-
WANTED — Work as night watchman. - G.
NEL3ON, 1127 McAllister . St.
WANTED— A position as offlce boy. I Box 9367.
Call offlce. -.- "\u25a0•-- - \u25a0-\u25a0-.-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. -
A SCANDINAVIAN . young man • of • fine ap-
\u25a0 pearance, ; ; good »' experience in V clerking, : so-
liciting and . selling groceries, ;;.. wishes to
learn dry goods 'or travel for anything '• In
line of groceries on salary or commission;
best ref. Box 9417. Call. : , .
A YOUNG man.wlshe* position as salesman
in a dry goods store. Box 9223, Call.
YOUNG boy would Uke a position. 875 First
\u25a0street. \u25a0>..';. ;.•'\u25a0'\u25a0 .-..-\u25a0.•' \u25a0<\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:: ' '.' i . :•:\u25a0\u25a0—> ,:.:--\u25a0,
BOY wishes position at 484 Wallet et.
WANTED — Position as draughtsman. Address
box;924o,^CaJl.,v " / . '
MAN and - wife I want positions ' in '\u25a0. hotel ; | man
for office or dining-room; wife for.chamber-
". work; willing to leave city." Address T.H.,
'. '23 Third St.--". ..- . -:.-.:-'-''' \u25a0" '\u25a0 ;. \u25a0.\u25a0'.-\u25a0:--J.i
WAITER want* work." Box 82.7. Call offlce.
WANTED— Position -i as dishwasher. \ ; ROB
A GREYHAM. 614 Howard : st. \u25a0\u25a0:.'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . . : \u0084 ;.-.-- \u25a0-; \u25a0
TIN6MITH wantß • \u25a0 position. Address 106%
Third at. ; \u25a0. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. v , -\u25a0••* \u25a0.'\u25a0\u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0• ; -:-\u25a0 -
LABORER wants \u25a0mu-k.V-M Thirteenth st.
A BOY wants » to " carry \u25a0• route. •: 712 Harrison
street.; :-.. -. \u25a0 -::---\\. \u25a0:• y--.. .-.-.-- \u25a0. *• "' '. -^-. --'.•-' .- \u25a0\u25a0-.
A' SITUATION : 'as plumber. 640 Scott st. .
ELDERLY man wishes position as porter. 219
?• Second uVi ';\u25a0;\u25a0' '..':\u25a0 : ;*:'.-:'. '-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0'"\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0" ."\u25a0
WANTED-^-Posltlon : as '- clerk : in . offlce \u25a0or dry,
goods Btore.": Box ' 9343. ; Call.
WANTED— Position as r advertising •'\u25a0 solicitor;
experience and , reference. } -.\u25a0\u25a0: Box 9333. /CaU. ' •:
A RELIABLE f young : man * desires . a < position
in wholesale houte; best : of reference. \u25a0 Box
:-;9244; ! Ca1l office,^uv-: '->?'•. *->\u0084..;-. - r , r .^.. -.:,
WANTED--A' position > by, good, reliable' second
or. third \ cook \ In ; hotel* «. good - worker . \u25a0 and
' stea dy. > Address : box 9299. ; CaU ; offlce. ;
ERRAND ,boy " wants ." position.;-; 912 £ Central
:>,avenuo.^: -;•;:.,...\u25a0..\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.;-.:- : -,-^-.' '.:, ." ;-*/\u25a0 \u25a0;\u25a0:\u25a0
BOY," 16 \u25a0 years old, ' would Uke to learn \ watch-
maker's trade. Box D 252. CaU offico. -
JAPANESE i honest \u25a0 boy * wants '•> position to do
- housework, "";"'. wait V; at \u25a0'• table /..- In . : * family.
;' FP_4JJK," 3l3 ; Butter; st. ; ' phone ; Black 4241.'^
WANTKD-^Posltion'as- porter. y,'2ll3sO'Far-.'
wren; st.. ;\u25a0"!-;-.• ry;r. ":'\u25a0''^yr;-V--: -; ;-; .;/- : '\u25a0;./;'. -. -...\u25a0'
PORTERVor packer^ wants? any employment;
' .' wholesale ; i grocery. -;. warenouse i- or :.: building ;
;_ competent > man >, of i 25; - willing worker. "'Ad-
\u25a0;;;dr*BS(_ox'94ol.tC_lljofnce..,- ;\u25a0_ . • .
A BAKER'S helper \u25a0 wants a' position." 408
: Eighth Bt -. - ,- , . : -...-. ... -:,..: .; - (
POSITION as ladies' nurse. 730 Harrison at.
COLORED weman want* ' work by the day.
Call at 127 Second Bt ... . '
REFINED, capable young lady would like po-
sition as lady's maid; no objection to trav-
eling. Address MISS CASTLE. 252 A Noc st.
WANTED — A position in flrst-class hotel as
seamstress. Address box 0425, CaU office.
A COMPETENT woman desires plain sewing,
repairing- ladles' Eklrts or \u25a0 mending. 1427
Larkln st.
EXPERIENCED | dressmaker wtshe* engage-
ments: $1 75 per day; references. Box 9432,
CaU of floe. \u25a0 '-' :'
WOMAN wants plain washing by the day. Box
9423, CaU office. .
LADY stenographer desire* position. 268^
Clementina ~L
RELIABLE young woman wishes position as
housekeeper in rooming-bouse. ! Address box'
9421. Call offlce. ;
A FIRST-CLASS seamstress, " dressmaking, al-
terations, wishes a few more engagements
by the day: Jewish families \ preferred.
613% Je-sle . «_' . i . -. . ~ '
DRESSMAKER. ladles' tailor: expert on jack-
et, shirt waist . suits, designer; fit sruaran- j
teed; latest styles; satisfaction; work taken
in or engagements per day. MISS BARBS,
1024 MU*Bion ft. \u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0 ..; -
A WOMAN wants work by the day. 823 Jes-
__s_L___________________________________J- :
WANTED— Sewing by the day. 8883 Eight-
\u25a0 tenth -t. ' \u25a0:\u25a0 '-. ' ' :
A BUSINESS woman of tact and ability would
like to have charge of a hotel or apartment-
house. Box 9277, Call office. . . '
DRESSMAKING In families: ladles,' children's
• work; shirt „ wali-ts a specialty: ' alteration
work; . $1 50 day; lunch . only. . 411. Turk st.-
WANTED-^By a respectable and refined mid-
dle-aged lady, a ' position as housekeeper.
Box 0254. Call offlce.- ' •\u25a0;.:-'
YOUNG girl would like to take care of baby.
318 Harrison et. \u0084 — i.r:;;
GIHL would like ; position a* waitress.' 847
. First -t.- , ; : -. .:. .;. \u25a0'-: ;;";;.;;\u25a0
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes day's work.
Apply 1223 Broadway. /. : .
GIRI> wants housework. .\u25a0• 314 Noe; Bt. , .
WASHING done by the day. CaU 316 Third.
YOUNG lady . would like a position : at , house-
work. Address box 0503, Call office. ' - .:|
WOMAN wants chamberwork. .; 821 . Folsom st." ;
YOUNG girl would :like \u25a0 position as lady's
\u25a0 * maid: can; furnish reference, v Address 'box
9504,. Ca11. 0ff1ce."- ; " : \u25a0 . r : . ;
AN experienced chocolate dipper desiren a po-'
sltlnn.' 'Addreii? box't>so.t. Callorflce.'; ;
YOITNG lsdy would Uke t<> take care • of . ln-
' \-aIH. C 7. Poirdman place. -. '. '.. ;. •
YOTiNGgirl; would like to mmd '.a baby. -Call:
50 . Boardman ' place."".. \ ". ' r ." -. : ;
WOMAN wants wot- by the day.' 17 Freelon
1 street - S_-tß_-fl__BW!-W-B-FBO(l'.
A SITUATION as saleslady. 419 Green Bt.
A WOMAN wants work every day. 748 L Et.
South. i \u25a0 .
A YOUNO lady decires a pcsltion as eten-
ographer ana typewriter. A. F.. S9S Berlin.
HOUSEKEEPER; experienced, wants position.
Box »21J, Call.
STENOGRAPHER wanU petition. Box 9393,
Call office.
WANTED — Position as dressmaker. 822 Third
street.
WANTED — A petition aa saleslady. 2010 Fol-
som «t.
GERMAN woman wishes to do washing at her
home. Address box 9259, CaU office.
A LADY wants work by the day; reference.
Bex &S-9. CaU orflcc. .
LADY wants any kind or plain sewing. 250
Harriet et.
A WOMAN wants work by the day. 248 Fourth
street.
LADY would like to take care of child.- 738
Shotwell st.
YOUNO woman with a child wishes position to
assist with housework in country. MRS. .
-WHALSN. 438 Devlsadero et.
A RESPECTABLE woman would like house-
. work by the day. Apply 16 Hayward st.
A POSITION by young lady stenographer; five
•years' experience; best reference*; would
substitute. Telephone East 1534, or 820
Batter st. •
WOMAN wast* work by the day. Call 203
Jessie et. ' .
. TOUNO eirl would like light brousework 317 tt
First «t. - '
POSITION a* waitress. 824 Harrison st.
WOMAN waau work by the day washing,
Ironing, etc 16 Aeh aye. -
POSITION as a waitress. CaU at 302 Fourth
rtrcet.
A WOMAN to work. Call 23S Clara st., Mon-
. a*y- . ."
WOMAN want* work by the day. 6S Natoma
. street.-
CAPABLE woman's nurse wants engagements.
Box 82*5. Call. .
REFINED, cultivated lady seeks position cf
truet where ability and work will be appre-
ciated; reference Al. 80x. 9243. Call offlce.
JAPANESE Ktrt wants a place as schoolgirl.
750 Bush «.\u25a0 » . .. • .
PREBSMAKING in families by day or week.
1116 Pacific ay*.
LAGUNA, 3021— Sunny flat of 8 rooms and
bath; rent only $20.
$20— CORNER flat; 8 sunny rooms. 110 San
Joae aye. -.
ELEGANT flat* en Park Panhandle. 1837-1341
Oak st. ; open from 10 to 4 daljy, .
ELEGANT apartments — 4 'rooms,- bath each;
rent $20. Franklin \u25a0__, near Greenwich.
FLATS TO I^T~FTTRyiSHEP.
WASHINGTON . *t_ Inside of FUlmore— Ele-
gantly furnished sunny flat. 8 -rooms an.3
bath, piano; leasa for 1 or 2 years: rent rea-
sonable to desirable parties. - Apply to
t F. B. SURRYHNE. 114 Sutter st.
j CLAYTON, 613. near Haight — A ww 8-rooi_A
mod«rn middle flat; beautifully furnished;
rent very reasonable to responsible parties.
$35— SEVENTEENTH Jrt.. 4028: Castro cars: A
map: 6 rooms, elegantly furnished: upper.
sunny, eomplet**-. yard, garden- and - linen. |
NEWLY furnished sunny, flat* 6 room* aad
\u25a0bath; gas and coal stove. S67A Harrison St.;
. phone Red 6180. * _
FLATS FOR SALE — FUKXISHET>. \u0084
COZY newly furnished flat of 4 room* aa4
bath; reasonable. 1729 Folsom. near 13th.
i \u25a0
FURNISHED Cat of 3 sunny room* at a sao-
. riftce: bath; modern. 85 LUy aye.
FOR sale — Furnished Cat of - 4 rooms. 621
Hayes st. o\u25a0-•\u25a00 \u25a0-•\u25a0 • "
~ FLATS WAJSfTKI>.
WANTED^ — A Cat for young- married ' coup!*;
no children." Address box 9273. Call offlce-.
FTRXITURB FOR g-LE. --'
ALMOST . given away; unredeemed storage pi-
anos & Furn. Whitehead's Storage. 1638 MXt.
FOR sale — Furniture for 3 rooms: make of-
fer: ready for use. 2132 O'Farrell- st.
FURNITURE WASTED.
A— PHONE South 1015; it wUI pay you t» send
for me before you sell your - furniture, car-
pets, piano, etc M. QT.t.tck. 201 .Larleln.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO., 1321 Market
st., bet. 9th and 10th. paying bis money for
furniture, etc. Phone South 179.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
r.iture. carpets, etc. 752 Mission; tet. Bush $13.
Z. , ABE LEVY. 1133 Market st-, phoaa Jessia
761. pays cash and buys everything. "
FINAXCLIL.
REL\LTY SYNDICATE AND CONTINKNTAIL-f
BUILDING AND LOAN
certificates purchased; > spot cash: highest price. »
See me before selling. W.L. Harper. Crocker bid.
~~ - EEALTY SYNDICATE. "
All certlficataa cashed at top price; state amt.
of certificate: payment will be made immedi-
ately. G. D. SHADBURNE Jr.. CaU bldjt.
Realty Syndicate . certs, purchased for cash.
87% per cent of val. M. West.box SOO6. Call.
CONTINENTAL B. & LC certificates purchased
for cash.tC. D. SHADBURNE Jr.. Call bldg.
HELP WA^TED—FEUALE.
A ' YOUNG woman to wash - glasses and fine
dishes tn first-ctag* hotel; $30 room., and
board. MISS FLUNKETT, ' 42S Sutter st..
; near Powell. : * " ..
GIRLS to learn hair dressing-, manicuring, mas-
sage, etc.. from A to Z In 1 mo. for $3 to
those entering now; 7 position* to fill guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; day and evening
class.*- College, 234 Post »W room 17. 2d. floor.
WANTED — Girls to learn mllllnery^for tall; 2
seasons from start to finish in 1 mo. for $13:
. . positions guaranteed $12 per. week up; lea m
\ . now for Aug. positions. School, 2^4 Post., r. 18.
SEWING -m achine operators on shirts; .clean,
light" factory; steady work;, inexperienced '
young yomen taught and paid while learn-
ing. Ii&VX STRAUSS & CO.. 15*73 Mi3Sion
St.. bet. 14th and 15th. MR. HINDSHAW.
YOUNG ladies wanted to learn to beconr-^
'\u25a0waitresses: learn . thoroughly in from 5 to {«
days; good and steady positions are awa:t-
. . ing- '. waltiessetk' .... For full . particulars call at
room 513. . James Flood . building. :
EMrLO Y>l EXT WAXTED—Femftle-Con
WANTED— A position as ' superintendent, -
matron or managing housekeeper by an ex-
perienced, refined middle-aged woman; have
had experience in managing a business girls'
boarding home; references.- Address MRS.
RUSSELL, 11—5 Geary at.. - "
DRESSMAKING. 267 San Jose 1 aye.
WANTED— Position as searostres*. ' Apply 1682
Mission et. *
PLAIN tewing done. 7 Wheat st.
GIRL wants housework. 431 Sixth st. j
, — — ~^zmz. \u25a0 \u25a0 :
A GIRL wishes a position. 223 Ritch Bt.
PLAIN sewing dene. 20 Wheat st. I
A WOMAN wishes work uy the day or week.
Box 0295, Call office.
COLORED woman wishes -wrashing or ironir.g
by the day. 717 Green st. ' - ...
A FIRST-CLASS cutter for steady position:
store or factory: long experience; good; refer-
ences ; state salary. Box v2Q~, CaU office. .
WANTED— A position ac saleslady. 1613
Grove et.
; BRIGHT, ambitious girl of 16 wants place to
do housework; fcjnall wages; privllere of
attending school. Box 9296. Can offlce.
A REFINED, well educated German young
lady from Berlin wishes a situation as nur-
sery governess; epeaks English fluently and
has flm-elass cfty references. Address box
5225. Call offlce. \u25a0• " . "
YOUNG lady, speaking English and Spanish,
desires clerical position; o years' experience
In responsible position. Box 9255* CaU.
A WOMAN wishes a situation to do general
housework: no objection to children. Box
QZSU, Call office.
SITUATION al chambermaid wanted. 830
Filbert Et. j
A WOMAN would do washing by the day. $1 25
I»?r day; hours Bto 5. Address MRS. E. X.,
717 Post St., in rear.
EXPERIENCED stenogr*ptier. familiar Oliver
machine, desires position. Box 9404. Call.
LADY wants work to do by the day. 1315
Larkln et.
A NEAT young lady would lika a position In
nice family hotel. Address MISS M. J.
DOHERTY. v 166 Fifth «t., Oakland.
LADY wants sewing. 1216 Kansas et. \u25a0 .
A WOMAN wants a place to do housework.
Box 9203. Call office.
A SITUATION as an errand girl. MIES GIL-
BART. JiOttA Union Bt.
DRESSMAKER, flrst-cla*e cut and fit. -wants
work. 22 Turk st. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '
DRESSMAKER wants work by the day. 615
Bryant st. .
A LADY wants sewing by day. CaU 83 Boyc*
etreet. ! i
GIRL wishes to do light housework. Call at
HAMEL'S, 2218 Mission St.THE -SAN ;FRANGISCO CALLUS
43
HELP WANTED— MA_i_--Continne_.-
OPEN TO-DAY, -
Sunday, $to 12 a. m. .'- ;\u25a0• \u25a0
A— MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st.
' Phcne I Main 6546.
OFFICE HOURS, 7 A. : M. to 10 P. . M. " .
This new system give* employers a chance •
to .phone us until 10: p. m: • - " ,
Likewise-- '\u25a0' '-
\u25a0 . All can call after their day's, work.
Our Own ' Printing \u25a0 \u25a0
Plant Issues our free list of positions four
times daily — 7 a."- m., -10 a. . m., •
' . .1 p. m.; 4 p.,m. ' k. .i. i
EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION!
OUB INVESTIGATION AND SEGREGA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OF
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
. , IF YOU -WANT
THE BEST HELP, DO AS OTHER* DO-
SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Phone Main CBIS.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THB
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
We gave In 1904 \u25a0 . ,"x905 we hope to
e4,000 men work. Increase 64,000.
We do not : supply female help, . but we do
supply men a.nd wives for all cl&eses Of work.
WE SPEAK THE N
German, French Italian, Portuguese, Span-
ish, Slavonian, Scandinavian and Greek lan-
guages." ' .: ' v . ;
FREE FARE— GOING SOUTH— 3. P. R. R.
165 LABORERS.
GREAT CROWDS GOING — ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at ', . \u25a0
35 LABORERS to help bridge carpenters, no
experience wanted, you'll suit, $75. -
65 two-horse teamsters. $60.
- 126 laborers. 8 hours', work, $1 75-$3 day.
R. R. SECTION WORK.
185 railroad section * extra" gang . laborers,
board themselves, housa .and water fur-
nished. $1 50 day and found. .
LOOK.
63 laborers, work in city of Los Angeles, $2
a day.
CARPENTERS. \ .
25.. carpenters, house, barn, shed and other
worlc in Los Angeles city, fare $5, wages
$3 50 a day. Qk.
$5 to Los Angeles — To Los Angeles $5; that's
all. • \u25a0 .
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 CTay st
CARPENTERS. - -
12 carpenters for a large factory, fare $1.
$3 60 a day. .
16 carpenters, build hop dryers, barns, sheds,
warehouses, etc., fare $3; $3 60 a day.
4 carpenters' for mines, ateady Jobs;- $3 80
a. day. ;
12 carpenters, city Jobs, $4 a day. :: v :-
FREE FARE. \u25a0
26 carpenters, ship, work, $4 a day. ,
15 bridge carpenters,- $3 50 a day.
ARIZONA— HALF RAILROAD FARE.
25 bridge carpenters. Government work, $3 CO
a day.
MECHANICAL HELP.
Wheelwright, Government camp work, $60
found. ' " • ..
12 hammer and hatchet carpenters, fare $3,
$90. - • \u25a0 \u25a0"\u25a0-,.
Cabinet maker. $4 a day."
PLUMBER AND PAINTER.
2 machine blacksmiths, city Job. <
8 6ticker men, planing mill, city Job, $4 day.
_ carpenters, city, plain frame work, 8 hours,
$4 a day. \u25a0
Cooper. Urge tanks. $4 to $5 day,
Plumber and tinner, fare $3, No. 1 Job, $8 60
Tank builders. 600 fare, redwood. $4 50 day.
4 mattress makers, city Jobs. .
4 solderers, 23c hour, fare $2 50, toss here.
9 weavers on blankets. ,'. . .
Machine hand, run Bticker, fare .sc, $4.
Sticker hand. mill, south, $3 60 a: day.
9 cornice-makers, fare paid, $*.
x. IS BRICKLAYERS.
For Seattle; your fare paid: usual wages.
Blacksmith, structuralwork; No. 1 Job. -
26 blacksmiths, horseshoerß, etc., \u2666*, *3 00,
$3, $2 50 day. '
25 slack coopers. $40 and found. _ X..___K ..___
Sealer, lumber company. $»5; offbearer,
_fs2 50 * " ' * ' ' \u25a0
fihlnglers. straight roof, walls, 76c M.
Machine hand, country planing mill, $<J 00.
Band sawyers, fare $1. $3 50 a d*/-.- _
Screw turner, big carriage L cp., $80 fd.
6 graders, lumber company. $90. _ ..
2 cutoff sawyers. $2 50 to $2 <5 day. _ _
Timber feller, lumber company. $65 found.
FurnituTe shaper hand, city mill.
Head screw setter, north. $80 and found.
Tallyman, glazier, city lumbar yard, $2 to $3
Furniture machine hand, $2 to \u25a0 $2 160 day.
Car builder, lumber company. $3 day found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st .
r«mcs~~ COOKS. . COOKS..
«ciW different places, 4«>. $75. $50. $40
found. \u0084 _. «c/v- -':
Second cook, camp. I***** °°> *°&iTTFT,a
WAITERS. WAITERS. t .. WA , IT ERS.
£6 waiters, different places, $45, $30. $25,
DISHWASHERS. PORTERS. BEDMAKERS
38 i dishwasher*, different Jobs. $35. $30. $25.
\u25a0 & _fl_ferY--fi^Ba-fg- t g
"~" MISCELLANEOUS. :
19 boys, learn traoes. $4. $5 and $6 1 week.
18 boys or, young men. city factories, $o, *».
Vo^e man. drive butcher wagon. 15c fare,
$25 FOR YOU.
PtSfpTTJ "JTS-SfW.
20 teamsters, city and country Job. $2 25
day ' ARE YOU A BOY?
25 boy. to worl^gt^ory. $33 60 found.
Sausagemaker. fare f3, $35 touni. _
4 butchers, all round men. $45. $35 found.
MARRIED, i
Man and wife. Nape. County ranch, $45 fd.
Man and wife, easy Job. ranch, boss here,
l^rme^nd wife, fruit farm. $52 » f^ind.
Farmer and wife, 5 xwople. $45 found.
- Hu> and wife, chicken ranch, fare $1. $40 f d.
f^ok and wife, city restaurant, $70 found.
MURRAY & READYr634-636 Clay *tj
KELP WAyrED~FKjrALE-Contin_ea
A LADY'S maid with references .......... $30
A Gemi-K cr -French nurse for grown chll-
*«a •••• :..... ...$3O
A second girl for good place In Monterey. s2s
A colored cook Jcr email . family In Mn'e-.
• «y ...$4O
A grlrl for chamber york and wajtlna in
i schcol $25
A maid for one lady; references. *...... ..$3O
A laundress en plain work in an insti-u-
tlon * $__
a cook for two in family. 8erke1ey...... 525
\\ e want- about 20 girls for housework in
city .$30.525-S2O
MISS PLUNKETTS. 428 Sutter. nr. PowtU.
BRIGHT YOUNG GIRLS, 16 YEARS OF AGE.
TO PACK AND TRIM SHIRTS. STAND-
ARD FACTORY, COR. GOUGH AND
GROVE ST3.
GIRL as a good cook and do downstairs ' work.
Call Monday. 1192 p'Farrell Bt -
MACHINE hands and girls. National Laun-
dry. Eighteenth tt. nejar Church. \u25a0 '
GIRL wanted for general housework.' 1776
Post at.
GIRL for general housework; $23. 737 A-h-
bury «t \u25a0 .
WANTED— Lady manicurist at the Plaza, 477
Fourteenth st, Oakland.
GOOD pressers wanted at New Parisian Dye-
lng and Cleaning Works. 2164 Folsom st
GIRL for general housework; good wases;
small family. 1343 Waller st. 9toll a. m.
WANTED— GirI to assist. 228 ' Dolores st.
WANTED— FemaIe; good ctrpst sewer. 659
Halght st.
A TEACHER for district school. 618 Parrott
building. .
LADIES to learn halrdressing and manicuring;
jrocd positions. MOLER'S. 405 Powell st
BARBERS — Employment and Supplies.
BARBER shop downtown: running 4 chairs;
intends extending same to 6 chairs; wishes
partntr; guarantees over $20 per week to
each abov* all expenses; about $900 neces-
sary. Apply to P. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
FOR tale — Snap; 3 hydraulic chair barber shop;
swell fixtures: this is one of the best paying
shops in Berkeley. For further particulars
address A. L. HALET* 2515 Shattuck aye.; \u25a0
phone Derby 1022. ' .:\u25a0
$200 — 2-CHAIR barber chop for sale In the
Mission: fine fixtures; low rent: must be
sold. COLEMAN. 311 James Flood bldg.
FOR sale — Best 4-chair barber shop south
Maxket; doing good business. Box 9390, Call.
$250— 3-CHAIR barber shop north of Market
at; a gocx? location: retiring. Box SSI4. CalL
FOR sale— Barber shop; 3 chairs; living
rooms; $12. 1153 Howard st.
FOR sale — Good paying barber chop. Inquire
10073* Market st.
J 7 s—l -chair barber shop for sale, good business
location, bargain. Coleman, 311 J. Flood Bdg.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS'
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY INC.,
635 Washington st Phone James 3301.
FREE FARE.
Railroad laborers, ?_; 'drillers, $2 25.
MINES.
6 miners, gold quartz, $2 f d. ; 3 miners. $2 75.
6 machine miners. S hours, $3; drifting and
sloping.
'25 miners, Al placer. Oregon, $2 75.
oi> drillers, open cut, build road to mines,
$2 26.
Plow teamster*. $75; holders, $76. \u25a0•-„':\u25a0*
Scraper teamsters, $87 50; laborers, $60.
J 10 laborers, 15c fare, $2 25; 15 laborers, 10c
fare. Reservoir work. $60.
10 lumber pliers. $2 50; box factory help,
same place, steady work.
Conductor, logging road, $4; brakemen, $70
and found.
Ratchet setter, south, $65 and found.
Blanket weavers. $60; lots other Jobs.
PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMP. AGCY., Ino.
AMERICAN
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
642 COMMERCIAL ST. PHONE BUSH 833.
CARPENTERS— ENGINEERS,
175 CARPENTERS.
NEW WORK, LONG JOBS. This STATE AND
'NEVADA — Seme FREE FARE — See the par-
tie* here — MONDAY — wages $70, $S5 and
$120 nnd found.
6 ENGINEERS, steam and gasoline, $70 and
f9O and found.
THOUSANDS OF OTHER JOBS— C US.
AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
642 COMMERCIAL ST. PHONE* BUSH 833.
' t • *~
AT COSTIGAN- & CO.'S. 624 Clay st
Phone Bush 649.
SPECIALS FOR MONDAY.
Santa. Cruz, fare $1 50, teamsters and labor-
ers. $00.
Mendocino Co., free fare, woodsmen, $30 fd.
Nevada, free fare, laborers, ,$2.
Los Angeles, free fare. Italian laborers, $1 60
Colusa Co., fare. s3 75, teamsters, $2 40.
Bakersfield and Barstow, free fare, machin-
ist, ti.
Western Pacific R- R-. free fare, rockmen,
$2 60. - .
Laborers, teamsters, carpenters, all ever,
best wares. .
CREAMERY butter maker, $75; blacksmith
h*lper, $2 day: gardener, $35 and found; 2
farmers and wives, man about place, $30 and
found; carpenters, $3 80 and $4 day; chore
boy $15 and found ; butcher, $40 and found •
S Scandinavian sailors, $45 and board; and
others. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628 Sao-
ramento st. .
MAN and wife for country hotel as porter and
waitress, fare paid, wages $55; ranch cook
and helper, $55; second cook, $30; 2 hotel
cooks, $40: waiters, $25 and $30: 2 hotel
porters, $20 and $30; eilverman, $35; pantry
man. $25; bellboy. $15; \u25a0 dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacra-
1 mento st
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 317 Stockton St
Chef, cook, $75: cook, plain, hotel, $50;
cook, country. $40: porter, hotel, $20; bell-
boy, $15; night Janitor, $35; porter around
bar. etc.. $25; butler. $45; second butler,
$40, etc '
FOR 12 ' years the Natl. Corresp. Institute of
Washington. D. ' C, has been successfully
. preparing applicants for Government posi-
tions; if Interested in position as clerk, car-
rier, stenographer or bookkeeper, ask for
booklet J. Pac. Coast offlce, Jas. Flood bldg.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Man to sell private llg-tlns; plants;
profitable 'commission arrangement with
right man; can earn $200 or over per month.
Address E. C. P., 1217 E. 14th St.. Los An-
gelea. Cal. '
A SECOND butler, with references. $40; a
working Janitor for a building- In city, refer-
ences, wages $55. no board or room. Call af-
ter 0, MISS PLUNKETT. 428 Sutter et., near
Powell. \u25a0 . - \u25a0- - . \u25a0 -..
CASH boys wanted: must be 14 years of age;
bring age and school certificate when apply-
ing for position at superintendent's offlce,
THE EMPORIUM. >
IN wholesale house, bright boy. age 16 years;
good opportunity if neat, quick and accu-
rate. Reply In own handwriting, box 0416,
Call office. \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
WANTED everywhere — Huetlers to tack signs,
- distribute circulars, samples, etc. ; no can-
vaesing; good pay. Sun Adv Bureau, Chicago
WANTED — Young man about 21: years of age;
man who has had shop experience preferred;
?9 a week. Box 8254, Call offlce.
STP.ONG boy to learn china and glassware
lousiness; cfaanea to advance. Apply. to man-
ager KAHN BROS., china department.
WANTED — Bright, neat, clean : errand boy;
good wages. GANTNER A MATTERN CO.,
22 Post Bt -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-•
EXPERIENCED coachman; who knows Oak-
land: must understand care of horse and
garden. Call bet. 1 &2 p. m., 826 Mills bid.
APPRENTICE over IS for mining and electri-
cal engineering; no ealary first year. Box
9260. Call offlce.
WANTED — Men for advertising- wagon: now
at Stockton. Apply Los Angeles Soap Co.,
115 Davis et. \u25a0"-'.-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0" '\u25a0 '.
TAILORS and coatmakers wanted for the
country. ARNSTEIN. SIMON & CO., Mar-
ket and Second sts. \u25a0 . \u25a0" '. \u25a0 -
EXPERIENCED salesman wanted for boys'
clothing; state experience and age. Apply
box 9527. Call offlce. . . I . r
WANTED — Young men to learn the dry goods
busings. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE EROS.-* /-:.-:- -'. "-. •
WAGON boys w_nt*d. Apply '. between 8 . and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS/ : v .
WANTED — Drug clerk, assistant pharmacist.
city. ' Address PHARMACY. Box 9420. Call.
PANTS and vest maker for the country. REISS
BROS."& CO., 24 .Sutter sL ....
JAPANESE . boy wanted. '7l Fourteenth; at '\u25a0\u25a0
\u25a0 ERRAND boys. 800 Market st. - . . \u25a0
WANTED — A boy to carry papers. ,1262 Pa-
clflc st- ". • a ,:.-;.. -.. . :...... : -:.. \u25a0.-. -.
WANTED— Cash boys : must have school . cer-
. tlflc-tes. . PRAGERS, Market and.' Jones..
BOY to learn painting trade. 1521 Devisadero
;. .street.'-- ..:\u25a0\u25a0. : .^., '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0':\u25a0 . -. \u25a0-.. -'. \u25a0-'. -':;..-. ... :-
EDITORIAL writer: pleasant. home work. -P.
.O. box 1814. San • JOse. ,-\u25a0 - \u25a0\u25a0 .... :.
MEN wanted; Al chance. California I Watch-
making School. 723 Market st
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS. \u25a0
365 laborers and teamsUrs,^ different jobiu
same in San Francisco, $2, $2 23, Uou
day: c °faUl. "orchards, etc
65 -ThoTeVe^a^ »i™ :
67 men and boys for chores, $13>. $20, $25,
$30 -nd found.^^^^ «
25 mlllters. butter and cheese . toakers, $30,
* 3Fskl^3 F 5 kl^ AND WOODS
365 laborers, fare paid, you'll suit. $35, $40.,
iio and found. _„__
126 experienced woodsmen, mlllmen. rrom
piling lumber to manager of mills and
woods. $35, $40. . $50. $60, $70. $80. $90,
$123 month and found: .come and see us.
STABLEiMEN.
26 stablemen, different Jobs, $35 and found
t0 MURRAY' &. READY. 634-636 Clay st
."" FOR A FACTORY,
j . 6teady Jobe Year Round. .
28 laborers, general manager here, $60.
12 laborers, city factory, $2 25 day.
$75 month. ; v ,
25 laborers for. a lumber co., $75 month. :
FREE FARE— I 4 Miles Away. •
' 35 laborers. $60. ; \u25a0 \u25a0 'i- - .
MURRAY A READY. . 634-638 Clay Bt. ,
GOLD MINES,
• SILVER MTNES.
" COALMINES.
95 miners, single, double and machine hands.
all over California, New Mexico, Arizona,
Nevada. $105, $80, $S2 50, $70. . . .
.75 muckers, laborers, \u25a0\u25a0 - carmen and men to
learn mlninßr, $75 and. s6o.
TO QUARRIES— FREE FARE. -
CO laborers, drillers and hammermen, $67 60
month. / ~ - \u25a0\u25a0>
: WOODCHOPPERS. , "
156 woodchoppers. different places, for mines,
ranches .lumber , companies, etc., '?1 50.
$1 75, $2 60 cord; Borne by the month, : $50
\u25a0 and - found. :.:.•."-—.\u25a0\u25a0'' * '. ' . . -. . '
MURRAY & ; READY, : 634-638 Clay st. i
DO YOU WANT TO WORK '.
ACROSS THE BAY? FREE: FARB.r.
C 5 laborers, special Job, fee $1. $60. \u25a0 \u25a0:-.;-.:
MURRAY- READY. -C 34-636 Clay st.
TO OREGON, $6. COAL MINERS, $1 TON.
Coal miners, $1 ton. \u25a0-;\u25a0'\u25a0 To - Oregon, $0.
Call early to-day. - COAL MINERS. '
MURRAY & RF>ADY. 634-636 Clay st.
ARfc YOU /,; PORTLAND.' 655 Woodsmen.
GOING? OREGON 1 . 555 Mlllmen.
. $60 MONTH. " $67 60 MONTH.
. .MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st;
\u25a0 \u0084 FREE FARE.
; ARE YOU A DRILLED? ;
25 men, open cut work — It's steady: . $67 50.'
FEE $1.- \u25a0 > \u25a0 - ,- '.•-,-. - H''' -THAT'S- A.L.W
\u25a0 a MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. :r : .
NORTHERNS CALIFORNIA.-
. ... Special : R. R. fare, $2 75. \u0084
25 teamsters (can drive 2 horses). $67 60.
He is here — general . manager — SEE HIM.
; MURRAY A READY.- 634-636 Clay st. '-.v.
•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0»"\u25a0 FREE- FARE TO; :;^;-vv-y-
TUNNELS.-. TUN-NELS.
65 ' tunnelmen, free ' fare, , s67 60. " './-\u25a0 -
35 drillers , and \u25a0.. hammers men, free fare.
".' $07 50.'-:- -.• \u25a0>-,/•\u25a0' -\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 '.>;;:: •-\u25a0
125 laborers or muckers, $60. ,» .:.
.:..-•. . ..^ MURRAY A - READY. , 634-836 , Clay et' '
65 •tunnelmen; .-. are '• you one? '\u25a0- $2 50 to $2 75
.. . .'day^-:.--- .-.-\u25a0\u25a0.:\u25a0.::.-:" :„/:...;\u25a0 '. .\u25a0
; MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay : st. >
.- '- 55 FRUIT PICKERS, $30 found. ; \
' Anybody; who \u25a0 can > eat s fruit - can j pick 'fruit;
$30 per month and found, fee $1. That's alL
MURRAY & READY; 634-636 CTay Bf
.:- .^r -,'.'-,-. \u25a0^\u25a0\u25a0..-•y- i LOOK. : \u25a0\u25a0-- : . -.
3: butchers,: $2 25 a day.r .' - ; :
Man; care ;of • horses.T wash bottles, " cans,
?-\u25a0 \u25a0etc.,3.560."^ .-::;-:' \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0•- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•--- \u25a0-• \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0.--
' ~ . \u25a0\u25a0';.\u25a0--\u25a0'- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0".'•,;.- look. —\u25a0;•-.-. - .\u25a0
Salesman for large fruit warehouse. #16 week
\u25a0 ' up.:: \u0084:\u25a0-;'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 '- \u25a0•.;•\u25a0-\u25a0-; >•;
INVESTMENTS.
INVEST .YOUR r MONEY WHERE YOO CAN
MAKE. LARGE PROFIT.
We have gold and silver mines for sale; also
first-class mining stock ; - price and terms rea-
sonable; investigate the Colonial gold mine and
others " for large : and sure profits.-.
; \u25a0 \u25a0--.v. -'J...W. JAQUITH& CO.,
- Suite 874-876-S7B. James Flood bldg.,
. \u25a0 San Francisco.
A MAN - wanted • with $1000 and capable of
; • taking charge of - the - business management
. . in a : manufacturing business; « small i article
"\u25a0 and ,' 30.000 T under ; construction. \u25a0 Box 9534,
Call office.' "\u25a0"":.•- ' "'-'\u25a0:\u25a0..\u25a0 '• .'-.--\u25a0\u25a0;-.\u25a0 ;
-;, :\u25a0 t; -INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturer of the
, Eariies tricycle chair.: 2ol3 Mkt: tel.Park 775.
LOSTj'AND; FOUND, f
LOST— Antique-shaped *' ring;-- contains -five
:"- diamonds, ; one .' pearl,', ruby, . sapphire V and
\u25a0 emerald : \u25a0 : either .\u25a0 at •" Columbia -".* Theater - or
• Talt'a : ' " :: liberal ; : reward "f or '\u25a0 return." : \u25a0 M.
",;; SILVER. : Palace Hotel. \u0084':-'? C --<y.: '•-----
'. LOST— Thursday, [ a baaver stole ; | Sutler, from
- \u0084 Mason \u25a0. to -: Alameda; ;. narrow > gauge. * : Return
;. *to •: 801 " Pine St. 1 ; 1 after : 6 ; ..email "; reward.
LOST — A ' passbook ; with " the : Mutual Savings
Bank No. a 19.229. f Finder " please : return to
r bank, and receive reward, -v \u25a0. - - v -
LOST-^-A pin: 7 diamonds and pearls; one pearl
missing. ' 915 Market St.; reward.- \u25a0 <\u0084—
; ; ; launches' Fon : hire. : ,
C. " A. McNEILL ', LAUNCH v CO.;: foot >of i Clay
*st..'for pleasure and business: tel. Bush 634.'
iv ? MATRIMONIAL. -.;
WANTED— By ja j bright,*^ capable, i companion-
( able little woman;, position as wife to a man
. posspssed • of " common sense.-- generous heart,"
" and • who esteems a woman: as something bet-
.;ter than ah orse or cow; ' letters . and opinions
! freely: exchanged, i a NEVA. RICHARDS. , Fay-
\u25a0 ettevllle,^Washington County, Arkansas. .".-. "-,
YOUNG man,'" good . position,"! desires correspond-
. ence , with : f a_r, lady i In : strict * confidence ; • ob-
;\u25a0" ,* jact '; matrimony;.;-: Box ii 8512, ' Ca1l r office. ; ...
/.;;_ n : \-_\ -;..;v- ; .BrosßUMs_.-; ; .;_.^ : .- > : .-, r - i . ; .; ; ;;-:-
DR. LIEBIG STAFF Free Museum et Anatomy
moved to 1023 Market st; ttear Sixth. * V*
DRESSMAKER wanted. 6 Eddy st
WANTED Good eewers for dressmaking. 1605
Sacramento ct. near Larkin.
EXPERIENCED glove saleslady wanted."
Moss Glove Store. 1210 Market st
WANTED — An experienced dressmaker. Ap-
ply Monday, 3751 Army Bt
STRONG nurse for invalid. Address box 3410.
Ca-1 office. \u25a0 •
PANTS and overall operators wanted. HEY-
NEMAN A CO.. Tenth and Howard sta.
FINISHERS on pante; «teady work; the t*st
pay in town. -C Harriet st '
GIRL tor cocking and downstairs work: refer-
ence*' reo^iUred J_^_il__S3_£_Brc_dway^______J _^_iI__S3_£_Brc_dway^______
YOUNG lady for the ctage. Call from 10 to 4
p. m.. HARRY 6EYMOUR, 278 Turk st
AN experienced millinery maker. 131 Poet st.
"WANTED— Experienced millinery saleswomen.
Ai-rly between _ and 11 a. m. . at , HALE
BROS.* \u25a0
WANTED— Experienced Jacket alteration
hand. Apply between 3 ft-d 11 . a. ra. at
HALE BROS.' .
WANTED— Experienced skirt alteration hand.
Apply between - and 11 a. m. at HALE
EROS.' ' "- - " "
WANTED— A young woman for Hcht house-
work in 'Sautallto: 4 edultF; email wash-
ing; vtarct f 15. Box U338. Call. . "
WANTED— Young lacieu to train as nuw:
references. Call £t Anthony Hospital. Eight -
ecnth a::<s Grcve «ts.. Oakland.
GII:LS wanted to work on paper cans. ROS-
SITER. V» Jessie tt. .
WANTED— TaUoress to work on coats. . 27 ft
Fourth -t.. rocm 2.
y UR6E girl wanted. Call 723 FiUmore - Et.
FrRST-CL-'i.FS ranta r.r.lshors wanted. 411 >.
Kc-arcy. upstairs.
WANTED — Exporipncrd operators on tinder-
»kirtfc ZUCKERMAIC BROS.. 523 Market »t.
FINISHERS on ladies' cloaks and cults. Ap-
ply L. HOWITZ. 230 Sutter st
;\u25a0:/\u25a0;;\u25a0! SALESMEN'JtTANTED.'. . . ' ;
SALESMEN ; for -the best \u25a0 accident and health
I insurance In the world: stock company; 'cash
.-^capital and - insurance - deposits = of ; $250,000;
$1000 policy;coBts $2 a year, v sloo emergency
benefit of any •> kind : : handsome * black - seal
• grain ; pocket case given: free ; with ' each \u25a0 pol-
- Icy; - ; good -' salesmen - are * making $100 per
" week; jlf. you wapt; to; get on.: write to-day
\u25a0 for ", exclusive : renewal contract >> with 'i liberal
commission.; German Registry. Co., 211 North
Seventh st.;^ St^Loula.v Mo. ,-.. >-.^
TRAVELING. 5 saleemanl for. the ; Coast; staple
\u25a0. line;; entirely. new, inducements to trade; high^
commissions;' s2s; weekly \u25a0\u25a0-advance; perma-
. nent \u25a0to i right man. . F. :\ C. i. FARLEY •CO "
: . Detroit.' \u25a0: Mich/ \u25a0 -•\u25a0-.- ' '.;*,\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0:;:, . . ;
TAKE 5 NOTICE — We , want a : plain," everyday,
salesnwn * for " California '--. to \u25a0' sell \u25a0- well ' adver-
.-. tised •\u25a0 line : \u25a0no . hot ; air i or .. blue s sky, salesman
\u25a0 need \u25a0< apply; ' state \u25a0 experience ; fully. \™ Drawer
*.*W,"' Chicago. :\u25a0*/?" i..-.:.'.~ : y-':.'-r'---:. '\u25a0;;
CAPABLE : salesman- to . cover I California with
staple -line; ' high .'commissions,-.-, with ' $100
' monthly ; . advance : permanent -; position > . to
right, man.-"*' JESS, H. SMlTHlCO.,vDetroit
-. Mich. s . . .- '_ '
SALESMEN^ can I easily^make ,slo*a dayJseil- ;
• ing our £ gold ? v/lndow ,' letters. -.-. novelty >. signs
; - nnd changeable \u25a0 signs : " catalogue * fre*. v ; SU-L-"
';\u25a0-' LI VAN CO. . 405 W. - Van Burent st: ,-.. Chicago,'
WANTED^-First-clasa S, salesman ; I one >' ! sales-
. -, man's / commission v over ,^ $1200 '\u25a0-. from Feb.- 9.
to March ,, 18. x Address ,«. The - Barton \u25a0 Parker
'vMfgr. Co., Cedar ;RapldB,K lowa. . - .
; v MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — You to send three Questions and
'25 cents; will give correct answers. MRS.
EMMA LOFLAND, clalrvolnt and trance
, medium." 1434 Webster st, Alamada. Cal.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento.
HAVE you a thoroughbred male black and
tan terrier; pup In exchange. Box 9220. Call.
BIJOU . (pocket) Library given for a few
names and addresses. Box 9540. Call offlce.
WANTED — Woman with boy of 6 wishes to
buy cast-off clothing. Box 9537. Call office.
DESK flat or roller top: good condition; state
price. Box 9281, Call office.
WANTED — Two young wild cats. Apply A. J.
RUDDOCK, 815 Ellis st
USB of; piano for storage. 1450 A Broadway.
WANTED— Second-hand wooden . mantel top,
4% ft. wide. .4575 Eighteenth st.
WANTED — To buy an Atrdale fox terrier pup.
.80x.9300, Call offlce. -.
WANTED — A typewriter. Call between 8 and
9 a. m.. 11 Mason st
;IDIAMONDS, etc., bought ror cash. Karl Eber
f. A Co.. 400-401 Adams bldg.. 206 Kearny st
~ MONEY TO LOAN^^^^
-MANHATTAN a L^C^P^ 1 V (inc.)-
""INTEREST 6% AND 6 PER CENT....
- CITY OA KLAND? TOWN AND COUNTRY
, 1..... PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
" tates in probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty probate realty leans, stocks and bonds,
"legacies and , undivided interests ia property
??f. C ?MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.. '...
"Suite 107 -103 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 3924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
_01-60_-tto3 E-amlner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
"'. . Save expenses by dealing directly.
-" Estates. • second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust.
' etc. ; legacies.- life estates and .undivided ; in-
. terest* in property v purchased. *-
Courteous - treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money: . >\u25a0;
Ste HERMAN MURPHY.
, ' \u25a0 WILL LOAN '*
A reasonable amount oa
. Ist; 2d or 3d
Mortgages on real estate, ..
In city, , town or country,
i " . Low ,. rate of Interest . _
. Give full particulars
- .« of > property, .
Location, etc >
: Box . 223. . Call offlce.
HIGHLY : respectable private ' place to \u25a0\u25a0 obtain
//liberal advances on' diamonds. Jewelry." at 1
'" per cent \u25a0 intereht Baldwin Jewelry Store,
',; »78 Market st. ; tel.'. Mala 1844. Branch. . 119_.
. Market st and 27 -Third -t. -. . \u25a0
SALARY LOANS— . \. , " \u25a0 :
Money loaned salaried people without security
.- or ' indorsement, knowledge of , employer \u25a0or
i \u25a0 any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
..call: and get termß. Drake.' 453 Partott bldg.
MONE Yj loaned , to : salaried • people. " retail : mer-
*-•\u25a0 chants. \u25a0; teamsters. \u25a0 boarding-houses, without
: Becuxlty; easy payments; large business In 40
; principal cities. TOLM AN; 653 Parrott b-'dg.
"ANY" amount - quickly " on v : furniture cr " piano
. ' ' without ". rembval -or other * eeeurlty :" lowest
. rates; no confidential. --60G-T
i Donohue ' bldg.; 8 .Taylor, sf.'; corner Market
A— ONE - per ~>. cent - per "moot. '\u25a0' on \u25a0' valuables.
- PORTLAND JEWELRY C 0.," M Stockton st
MEN to \u25a0 learn barber , trade In 8 weeks ; sit.
guar. ; tuition earned while learning, Moler's
System of College., 642-644 Clay st. S.
MEN to learn barber trade; situations guaran-
' teed. S. F. Barber College, 741/ Howard St. -
WANTED— Feeder on \u25a0 folding, box outting and
creasing press. 520 Market Bt.
YOUNG ' boy to \u25a0 learn ' horseshoeing. Hoppe's
blacksmith, 7-Mile ' House, San Bruno road. :
"WANTED — Steady, clean- : lunchman ' . In res-
taurant. '4111 s I_a.rkln st. - . . .'
YOUNG man for photo supply house; muet un-
" derstand ' photography. Box 9331, Call.
SAILORS, ordinary \u25a0 seamen, for Sound/ south
- | coast, New York, Europe. Lane's, j 504 Davis.
PENSION atty., Et A. Bullls, r. 40, Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. a:.R. ;
MEN wanted " at 105 3d st, where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mm., 75c.
LABOR ' debts collected : ' suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.'. 40 2d st.,;r. C 22. y
SAILORS ! and youn/? I men I (green ( hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517-Jaokson st - \u25a0- : : :
AN enjoyable, -profitable 'outing; .pick heps in
\u25a0 August; : special - rate :< tickets' now ; \u25a0 ready;
:'-. come early, ' as only a limited number can be
, sold. E. ;. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Bat-
tery st "\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0'< \u25a0 :- \u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0 \u25a0:.-.. \u25a0-,- >\u25a0 •.--.\u25a0'•'•' :
WANTED— Men to fill 300 rooms at 20c ? p«r
night; : clothes closets.": hair mattresses, elec-
. trio light jln every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.'
WINCHESTER ; Hotel. . 44 : Third st..: nr. Mar-
. . ket — 700 irooms;;.3so night ;-., reading -rooms;
. \u25a0 free bus and . baggage :to and from \u25a0 f rrry.
AD.VERTISEMEKTS, - subscriptions recelvijd at
Call branch oiflcc, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office or The Call for the reception
- of 'advertisements and subscriptions has been
; cpened at , 1008 \u0084 Market St.. - ODpoelte Fifth.
Open until 11 p. : m. ' ..-
WANTED^-Small house, flat or part of private
" residence, with use of stable; preferably In
" Western Addition. Address 1700 Fulton st.
FURNISHED house wanted October '15 for not
j • less than one year; must have 8 or 10 rooms
and be located near Sacramento or California
st. car lines. Box 9342. Call. -. . - -
MILLINERY: first -class makers wanted. Ap-
r'.y at KAHN BROS.. 12th and Washing-
ton sts.. Oakland.
WANTED— A young girl for general houee-
•A-f-rk: t.ni_H family; need not cook. 1831
Eddy -t.
WANTED — A woman for a position o^ering
exceptional opportunity fcr advancement;
state reference*. Box 9363. Call office.
EXPERIENCED overall operators; one and
two Re-die. HEYXEMAXX A CO.. Tenth
and Howard sts.
GIRL to assist in housework and in the care
of two email children (no taking out); $20.
Address box 9531. Call office. \u25a0 \u25a0
6EWERB wanted on ladles' waists and wrap-
pers; 2 girls to eew on buttons. BAUER
- StFO. CO.. cot. Mission and 23d ets.
WANTED — Young girl to assist with e*cond
*-or_: wages $10 to $12. Apply at 1072 El-
lle et.. near Geary.
HOUSEKEEPER wanted: midd!e-ayed woman;
2 In family: good home. Address 1213 Has-
Ittll _t_ Berkeley.
SALESLADIES wanted la china department.
Apply to manager china department, KAHN
BROS.. Oakland. \u25a0
WANTED — Girls 16 years and older. Apply
/ AMERICAN CAN CO., Seventh and Town-
send -ts.
_V— EXPERIENCED operators on ladies* wool-
en waists to work In factory- €50 Mission
• -srt. 8d floor.
X EXPERIENCED tuckers oa ladies' undVr-
• -rear and children's wear. 65« Mission st,
8d floor. '
•j_ OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to take
work home. 650 Mission st. 3d floor.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to
work in factory. 658 Mission gt, 3d floor.
RELIABLE, temperate woman for housework.
' 1220 Fol6ora_t_ ___________________
"WANTED — First-class dpeesmaker. 6430 Call-
fomla st '
"W ANTED— A yoong girt for light housework.
Box 3209, CalL
AU experienced candy salesiady; wages $8.
ACCresT box 8224. Call office.
jfEAT young girl to assist to housework; no
washing. 274 Tenth aye.
SALESWOMEN wanted; no experience neces-
tary. Call CCS. Grant bldg.. 7th and Maxket.
PERSONALS.
u-u-u-in.rj-i.i-r -i n.i ' -----.-.... i i.
•"• "L-A-M-E MAN L-E-A-P-S." • • 9
** N-E-W-S-P-A-P-E-R OFFICIAL TALKS. ?
••REXRADIO'S POWER" :— "Twelve years
LUMBAGO lamed me; could not rlsa from
chair without forcing myself up by pressing
hand 9 en chair seat; couldn't STOOP nature-
ally or STAND straight; could use only
SHORT steps, and painfully, in WALKING,
but LAST WEDNESDAY after FIVE sec-
onds' treatment by Rexradio all this END-
ED and I ROSE from chair QUICK as a
flash, without using my hands. RAISED
foot FOUR feet high. STOOD perfectly
STRAIGHT, walked fast with LONG
STRIDES. then actually RAN an_
L-E-A-P-E-D freely from floor, STOOPEP
"rapidly" touching floor with hands, and
rose "quickly." and all this "painlessly.** and
for years before IMPOSSIBLE: an AMAZ-
ING statement, but strictly, literally COR-
RECT. See me. ' Rexradio has my address.'*
(Thia well-known gentleman is an official of
a leading city NEWSPAPER.) _r
••"IMMENSE T-U-M-C-R REDUCED."* •
"REXRADIO'S POWER":— Mr. B. F. John-
son of the Car Shops. Oakland, whose wife's
very large uterine FIBROID TUMOR was so
marvelously softened and reduced In size by
FIRST treatment August 2. writes. AugU4t
15: "Monte Rio. Sonoma Co.: Mrs. J.»
condition continues IMMENSELY SUP]..
RIOR to what it has been for many year*;
your treatment had \u25a0an extraordinary bern>-
flc__j effect and there's NO RELAPSB af ter
these 13. days; also I have had no troubia
at all with my SPINAL affection since t
felt your INDIRECT healing power on Au-
gust 2. We are most gratefully apprecia-
tive." (Write him.) „,$ .
• • "23 YEARS T-O-T-A-L DEAFNESS." •>
"REXRADIO'3 POWER":— "After treat-
ment July 31, my ear, totally deaf .25 year.',
instantly HEARD clearly, and has done so to
this date, August 19."— E. OLSSON. 23
Steuart st. 5
• "THE W-H-I-S-P-E-R-I-N-G GALLERY." •
; "REXRADIO'S POWER" :— Theie. totall*
DEAF, one ear. many years, instantly hears*
WHISPERS at TO ta 115 feet: B. Desalts. 7.'9
Market et; Miner. 632 Market st; President;
137 Montgomery St.; B. D.. 117 Sixth st; __,
Mayer, Tehama st Numerous others. 3\ 0
successful treatments last year. - . \u0084.'\u25a0>:
• • "DEAF MUTES" S-P-E-A-K- • •<• it
"REXRADIO'S POWER":— A .-few rroml-
nent WITNESSES prtsent when dsaf rnut;*
j HEARD AND SPOKE: B. Desalea. 73» -larkst
st. : Broker. 28 Montgomery st : A. Robinson,
208 Kearny st; E. Wlnslow. 123 Geary sr.;
IJ. Porter. • 2-460 20th st. ; Mr. Butler of _. s*.
CHRONICLE; DOCTOR — (name at offlces). and
host of others. SEE THEM. .... y.
• "N-E-U-R-A-L-G-I-A SHORTSTOPPED."*'
"REXRADIO'S POWER" :— Owner. 101.1
Market, by (one) treatment instantly cur^il of
' acute NEURALGIA. Numerous .' cores of v
neuralgia, sciatica, rheumatism, etc .-*
• • "L.OCOMOTOR-ATAXIA EJECTED." • '?
"REXRADIO'S POWER'" .has
treated many "helpless" • (some BEDRID*;
DEN) sufferers from ,this dread disease.
Name- at offlce. r
• • "THE B-E-D-R-I-D-D-E-N RISE." •\u25a0 •
"REXRADIO'S ' POWER (druslesa) has
quickly enabled the ' "Bedridden" to RISS
and WAI-K. -\u25a0\u25a0 (Proof- offered.) \u25a0-"\u25a0\u25a0' j?«
.'•: • 14.C00 ES O-N-E YEAR " • V
"REXRADIO". has had over 11.000 successful
treatments*, various diseases,' and over 3000
- of DEAFNESS In one year. Hope for YOU.
"REXRADIO." THE WORLD'S "ONLY 1 . 1
H'D •'RADIUM" (DRUGLESS) HEALER.
TEN YEARS' PHENOMENAL SUCCESS IN
CAL. Improvement QUICK, often IX-
STANT. Only the W-O-R-S-T case* wanted.
1 Consultation free, 2 to 6 p. m.. SOB Kearny.
CUT OUT THE ABOVE FOR YOUR SICK
FRIENDS. \u25a0' . \u25a0 -
LADIES attention — Two competent ladies,
pupils of Delsarte and Mme. Priest. • will
take a limited number of ladles, wishing to
reduce tb»!r superfluous fiesh; foil Informa-
tion. Call 1225 Geary st. first floor. o»
phone EMt 44*jl. - '.
NOV-RESIDENTS can have town buslnesj of
'- any description (trivial cr important) falth-
' fully and Inexpensively transacted by. writ-
iag to The CommUsalre Service Co.. Eddy st
RAO care* ts wove to "order and for sale: aleo.
chenille-wove rugs, silk portiers, dealer .In
carpet twine in hank or chain, at lowest >
rates. Geo.' Mat thaws. 709 Fifth st. Oakland
FISHERMEN — Luckyhock fish bait . insures a
larg» catch:- new discovery; • trial box 25c: .1
.'for $1. Lucky hook Fish Bait Co.. fcox 1133.
\u25a0St. Louis. Mo. -
ONE dollar massage treatments by male ex-
; pert; sbc for $3. 1113 Gutter st. j
For Adillttoual Classlfled AdTtrtlae-
meats See P-c* #i>
: -.
R-EAL estate :'salesinen : for : active 7 Oakland
::-\u25a0! property; • attractive .. proposition; .- guarantee
;,;. liberal commission. - Answer, box .; 6507,
i : Examiner J office.. ' -,'..':' \u25a0 : .. ' ' ,' ' \u25a0"\u25a0
BEST; contract; for insurance men who work;
i£, no :\u25a0 lapses ; \u25a0 investigate < Sunday: and - Monday,
\u25a0 10 to 12. , 21tf ; Emma j Spreckels building. - '
• HORSES /AND ; WAGONS.
3 DRIVING horses, $25 up; t!g ranch mare.
I $25; . 3 good - work horses; 2 horses, wagon
and double harness, $65;- S unbroken j horses.
;-\u25a0 87 Croke St., : off \u25a0 Mission, - near China \u25a0 aye. .
SECOND-HAND . Breuster . carriage, Breuster
r Victoria," 2 sets of \u25a0\u25a0 private carriage harness,
aleo O'Brien bike buggy; can be seen at
| ... 500 Golden Gate aye.: v . -{. :_ . " :
HORSES for sale— ls : head, 1000 to 1300
k. pounds; work horses^ KNIGHT'S Stage Line,
I Redwood City, Cal.- _ \u0084.— --
FOR sale-^-Young Durham cow; fine milker;
good condition. ' T. R. RTV—RS. captain
- Fourth Cavalry, Presidio.
NEW and second-hand wagons, buggies, sur-
reys and harness. LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.,
211 Larkin st. Ban Francisco. .
A — FOR " eale--Two i carloads of.- good, young.
- weir broken horses. 411 Sixth st.
WANTED-^A second-hand light spring wagon
I and a harness; cheap. 1634 Golden Gate aye.
HOUSE of 4 rooms and bath. $1450; house of
.:\u25a0 5 rooms. $1600. 4438 Mission Bt.
NICE low wheel buggy : takea on mortgage;
; sell cheap. 255 Stevenson st \u25a0
A 17-HAND pacing horse, buggy and harness.
$85: must be sold at once. 718 Folsom st
FINE new buggies - and wagons and • second-
hand rigs at 100 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale— Three Fresno scrapers, 1 set double
6urrey harness. 8130 ? Sacramento . St. .
YOUNG, gentle horse," rtda and dri,ve, cheap.
S. SZANIT. 473 . Valencia st -
FOR sale — Horse, harness and wagonj ber-
galns. 4153 Twenty-fourth et
FOR sale for $60— Light delivery wagon. * 000
O'Farrell st. , - ..v \u25a0 .
FOR sale— Team work horses. 511 Ban Bruna
y.ave., near Eighteenth Bt. . .
AUCTION sale of horses, wacons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st
Al- EXPRESS wagon, light camping- wagon
and gocart for \u25a0 sale, cheap. 632. Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED" Iist of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgmy.
FIVE sunny rooms and bath; all modern im-
provements; rent $20. 212*). Fourteenth st.
'-' \u25a0 near Howard. . I . : . . ' , . " '
$27 60—8 ROOMS, and bath; 2249 Mission st:
newly papered and* painted. NICOL, 410
Kearny st . \u25a0 : -:\u25a0 -\u25a0 \u25a0 ": \u25a0-. .
APARTMENT-HOUSE of 18 room* S bath*;
up to date. O'Farrell st. bet Octavia and
Laguna. • .
A— o26 PACIFIC st. bet Powell and Mason!
6 rooms, bath and yard; $20.
NINTH aye., 1417. Sunset District— New and
-modern house,' 6 rooms, bath and basement.
BUCHANAN. 2018. near California— Elegant
\u25a0 residence, 9 rooms and bath; rent $40.
RENT reduced: a. house of 8 rooms. and bath;
modern.. Cor. California ang_.Webster sts.
LEAVENWORTH. 820, near Sutter— l4 sunny
. rooms,, bath; large sunny yard. " -
A MODERN house. "8 rooms; rent cheap. 1813
J Pine. st. ..... . ..\u25a0. . " •\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0•••'. \u25a0-
BROADWAY, 1932.. near Laguna— B rooms,
bath, laundry: fine marine view; $40. \u25a0\u25a0• .
HOUSES TO LET— FPRNISHED.
HANDSOMELY furnished Bunny comer house,
• -14 rooms, -3 baths; electric lights and fur-
nace; rent very low to desirable tenant. ISOO
Golden Gate aye., corner. Broderick st Phone
West 1004. - \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
HANDSOME house. completely - furnished
tfcrbughout in good taste; central part of
Western Addition; 14 r.. 2 baths; for term of
;. blx months, more or lesa. Box 9274. Call.
HOWARD, 2174, nr. 18th — Well furn. 8 r.-b.;
Mission warm belt: rent reas.; refs.: 10 to 4-
HOUSES FURNISHED— FOR SALE.
CENTRAL location: house. 84 rooms; lease;
money-maker; make offer. Owner, box
9354. Call office. - : -
FURNISHED house, 5 rooms; fuel, garbage
free;. rent $12.'. 417 Stevenson st.
EDDY, 623— Elegantly furnished 9-room house
for sale; very reasonable.
HOUSES TO LET—SUBURBAN.
FOR rent— Upper flat' 5 rooms, bath, gas,
electricity: separate yard. 1425 Grove et.
.North Berkeley; 6 mln. walk Berryman sta.
COTTAGES TO LET.
-«O let— Cottage, 1285 Vallejo Bt.. near Hyde;
4 rooms and bath; rent $18; water free; key
-grocery, corner. Apply HOOKER & I_ENT/
14 Post et.
FIVE-ROOM cottage:, latest Improvements;
large basement: rent $15. Anply P. BROD-
ERICK, 2119 San Jose aye.. Junction of two
' car llnea. - \ -
NEW 5-room cottage; . modern Improvements;
fronting on' park: rent $20. Apply, to owner,
JOHN '. T. GRAHAM, northwest corner of
• Prec'.ta aye. and Alabama st. \u25a0'
NOE, 1517, cor. Valley-rCottage. 5 rooms,
bath; 'modern Improvements. Mission and'
'Twenty-ninth sts. cars. ' , "
$16 — COTTAGE, 3 rooms, bath, sunny yard.
Key at 711 Treat aye., near 20th st.
LOMBARD, 005 — Sunny, burlap, 8-room cot-
, tage: one block from Hyde-st cars; $32 80.
$20— COR. 25th and Capp: 6 rooms, gas, bath,
yard: also flat of 5 rooms;: all modern.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms, gae.' bath ;and cellar;
- rent $20. 2769 Howard st.
SAN ANSELMO COTTAGES TO LET.
A~COTTAGE.to let; 3 rooms furnished; $10 per
month for six months. /: Apply 2382 Sutter.
WANTED — Dishwasher. ' 900 Brannan et. .
WANTED— An errand boy. 38 Geary St.,
room 33. ''. - . \u25a0'•'" .' '
FIRST-CLASS cook and baker. U29 Nmth Sf,
Oakland, - . ? \u25a0 \u25a0 :
FOR kitchen work— Strong boy. Apply kitchen
department. SILL'S grocery store, Berkeley.-
A SECOND butler for a steady place; 45; ref-
erences necessary, , . MISS PLUNKETT, 428
« Sutter st.. near Powell. ' \u25a0 - :
WANTED — 20 harness-makers; best equipped
factory west of. the Missouri River; . harness
made In parts; Jobs-given out In extremely
large quantities; mechanics never asked to
wait until Jobs are cut ; plenty of work all
-the time.' Address LOS ANGELES SAD-
DLERY AND FINDING COMPANY. 223 N,
Los Angeles st. . Los Angelea. Cal.
WANTED — Teams and teamsters ; to work on
levee, Crocker estate ranch, near Coluea, $10
per month straight time or $1 a day per team
for actual time worked ;\u25a0 teamsters, -$1 50 per
day and board. Including aunday board. In-
quire at job or San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery st, San' Francisco.' '•
WANTED — A young man of good appearance
to run an elevator; apply eaTly this morning.
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market Bt
WANTED — Cash boys, 14 years of age. Apply
0 a. m.. 8. N. WOOD & CO.. Powell and
, ElllS StS. -.. .'. ..:,: .:.;;.; . :.""
HOP pickers — Tickets for Hopland ready \u25a0 on
nnd after Monday, Aug. 21; train leaves
Friday and Saturday. Aug. 25 and 28; call
early and secure tickets.. AMERICAN
HOP AND BARLEY CO.. 227 California St.
ERRAND boy wanted at MARKS BROS.'. 1220
Market st. \u25a0-\u25a0•\u2666\u25a0 ' ; . '
EXPERIENCED bushelmen: must- understand
. making alterations. Room 110, Phelan bldg.
BOY well recommended to clean store and run
errands. ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia st.
EASTERN young man deliver bread a.' m. and
p. m. route; -12 hours; must be a hustler;
steady job; $35 fd.; com. on new trade. Box
0217. Call offlce. :. \u25a0'\u25a0•.:.
WANTED— Young man- who Is an experienced
dry goods bundle wrapper. Apply .between
.0 and 11 a. nv at HALE BROS.' ,
ENGINEER capable to run Ice plant in Ne-
v ada. Inquire LEMLE LEVY CO.. 888 Mis-
; Slop St. \u25a0-...• . -' ---- '\u25a0.': ....,..:-. - '-\u25a0 . •: .
LEARN telegraphy and R. R. accounting; $80
to $150 per month salary paid our graduates;
our six schools indorsed by all railroads; day
\u25a0and evening -session; apply for catalogue.
Morse School of Telegraphy. 26 O'Farrell st
WANTED^- Young man, 16 to 18 years old, to,
make himself useful around store: good
chance to learn the business. Apply R. D.
DAVIS A CO. ' .-'."\u25a0'".•\u25a0•.';\u25a0.•
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
postofflce, custom-house, bookkeeper and other
Government positions: particulars free. Pa-
clflc Correspondence Institute. 1095 Market.
WANTED — Laborers and ' mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House, j
217 Third Bt. ; 250 rooms; 250 to 50c per night
MEN to learn the barber trade; 8 weeks com-
pletes ; positions guaranteed ; wages earned
•while learning; call or write.- GHlman's Bar-
ber College. H27 Clay st. near Montgomery.
WANTED— Men and boys- 18 years and older.
Apply AMERICAN CAN CO., Seventh and
Townsend Bta. \u25a0\u25a0-"::
WANTED — Name and address of every person
- who wants a good life position in the Gov-
: \u25a0 erament service. Box 9191. Call. \u25a0.'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -«
eS_W_CO MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS; NO EXPyjEyCB NECESSARY;
GOOD PAY; STEADY WORK. LEV!
STRAUSS A CO.. 32 \j FREMONT ST. MR.
DAVIS.
HOP pickers — Tickets for Hopland ready en
and after Monde?-. Aug. 21: train leaves
Friday and Saturday. Aug. 25 and 28; call
tarty and secure tickets.. AMERICAN
. HOP AXP BARLEY CO.. 227 California st.
AAA— YOUNG girls wanted to learn to make
cigarettes; paid while learning; steady work
and good wages; experienced cigarette mak-
ers in our factor- make from $9 to $15 per
•»**k. THB JOHN BOLLMAN COMPANY.
605-7 Front et
AN enjoyable, profitable outing ; pick hops In
August; special rate tickets now ready;
come early as only a limited number ca«
be cold. E. CLEMEXS HORST CO.. 122
Battery st
L.ADIES to -a fancy work at home durln*
epare time; eaey. rapid and fascinating;
*bout 100 per hour at first Call 1344 Mai-
ket Et. opposite Seventh, from 9 to 5.
X DESIRE two saleswomen cf good addrer*
end appearance to represent me in San
Francisco. Call or address A. J. LITTLE.
Palace Hctel.
WANTED — Clean, honest, industrious --omen
-or grin to eaeist old lady living alona In
country home; wages ?10. Address Manzana
Farm. Redwood City. San— ateo Co.. Cal-
GIHL. 16 years or over, to learn millinery
trade; paid while learning. Apply Monday
before 11 a. m, WEINSTOCK. LUBIN &
CO., Grant aye. and Geary st. j____v
\u25a0VTANTED — Young women to learn telephone
operating; ealary while learning:; reference*
r«QUlred. Apply after 9 a. m., 216 Bush
tt., third Coor.
AT Gree_eb_A!__. Well & Michels* factor*'.
S3l Mies' on at., experienced operators on
ehlrts and overalls; also an experienced tx-
amia-r.
WANTED — Experienced cloak and suit sales-
»«dlee. Call or write, stating experience, £.
M. FRIEDMAN CO., 105S Washington «t..
Oakland.
"NEAT colored girl for housework: 2 in family;
iio cc.kir.gr. no washing; sleep home. 6$
Hamilton place, Oakland.
TVAXTED — Middle-aged German -woman; light
housework and cocking; good home; wages
Sl5. Bex 9275. Call office. ,
WANTED — Yonn- girl to wind yarn; good
vragee. GANTNER A MATTERN CO.. 607
Grove et V
WANTED — Experienced woman cook and laun-
drees; must have good references; $30. Apply
gat., £urn.. 12 to 2. at 2_SO Washington Bt
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do light house-
work; also to act as companion to elderly
'\u25a0afly. Call after 9 a. m. at c~2SB Harr^on.
WANTED — Experienced Jacket alteration
hand. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALS BROS.'
WANTED — Good buttonhole maker on coats;
else pood finisher on coats, at 156 New Mont-
gomery st., room 17.
WANTCM — Experienced millinery makers and
apprentices Apply superintendent's offlce,
THE EMPORIUM.
WANTED — Experienced first-class alteration
hand* on eVlrts and jackets. Apply euperin-
tenflfnfs office. THE EMPORIUM.
WANTED— Experienced operator on Fisher
bi!!lng machine. Address, vtntine experience
and salary expected, box 9510. Call office.
\u25a0\VOMfcN to c> cooking and kitchen work: $35
per mor.th. 1553 Webster Bt.. corner Rail-
road evt-., Alameda.
COMPETENT cook and second girl; references
i-equ-red. Apply between 9 and II a. m.,
1311 Harrison st., Oakland. ' '
MO.VEY.TO LOAN — Continued.
R. McCOLGAN. .
Rooms 301 and 302 Hearst buildln*. . I
' T-ird floor. Examiner entrance.
. Deal directly with lender and save expeaae. - :
Loans any amount at SL, and 4 per «nt \u25a0 _
On first, second and third mortKages. \u0084-^5
REAL ESTATE IN PROBATE.
Undivided interests in e-tate and property. ;
Uoney advanced to prevent foreclosure.
NO DELAY.
Phone Mala 6313.
AA— MONEY TO LOAN
On furniture, pianos, warehouse receipts o?
security of any kind, without removal: we
make loans oa th* EASIEST PLAN to the*
WORLD; payment* to SCIT YOUR CON-
VENIENCE; la case of SICKNESS or less of
EMPLOYMENT wa EXTEND THE LOANS:
you take no chance of LOSING your GOODS.
This is a TRUST COMPANY; our rate* ar«
RIGHT and no DESERVING PERSON Is re-
fused: CASH ADVANCES made to salaried
' people. LINCOLN FINANCE CO.. rooma 13-
16. 759 Market st. opp. Phe lan- building.
MONEY loaned on collateral and cian be paid
in small weekly or monthly installments al
low rates of Interest RALPH & ED.. 1U
Powell St.. upstairs.. . .. .;, ...;..
A — Lowest rates on real estate. Ist or 2d mort-
gages, life insurance, or on a-y security;aay *
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 3d.
ORIGINAL Uncle Bill— lf you look for lowest
rate of Interest and square dcaU Old Flood
.bid.. 809 Marketeer. 4th, suite 1: est 1368.
MONEY to loan at a low rats of Interest; gold,
silver, diamonds, pearl* and precious stoae*
bought at W. J. HgSTHAL'g. 10 Sbcth st.
LOANS en diamonds, watches and Jewelry;
private offices. 400-401 Adam* building. 204
Kearny st Globe Mercantile- and Loan Co. I
SALARIED people without security: also oa
furn.. estates In probate, life Ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan & Invest Co.. 612 Parrott bldg.
ALVA CO. (The) loans money to salaried peopl*
without security; good term* and easy pay-
ments ; also on other security. CO7 Flood bide.
WE loan en property 63 to 80 per cent oa valu-
ation. If you need money see v*.
McGARVTE A CO.. 720 Market st,"
i hi i M \u25a0 i \u25a0 —_——_—. %
MONEY. Money. Money.
Any proposition, 49 2d st. W»lls-Farf » Zx-
preas bldg. Wage Earners' Invt A Loan Co.
ANY amount, real e«tate or other security:
$100 up. W. J. WHITE. 28 Montgomery, r. &
3 PER CENT on estates; salary, real estate or
chattel. Law Inv. Co., 4. Parrott bldg.
LOANS — Salaried people; "confidential"; 2 pee
cent: Chattels, etc. 433 Montgomery, r. 613.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bid.
ALL loans on diamonds A Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorsor. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
MONEY WANTED.
OWNER wants $15,000 on Inside Income prop-
erty In Oakland: security gilt-edge; will pay
all taxes and 5 per cent net interest J. D.
ROBBINS. nn. 8. 1063 Washington. Oakland. »
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
i OUR large and Increasing renting business en-
ables us to rent the best pianos in the city for
$2 60 and S3 per month, some at $2; one
' year's rental allowed If piano Is purchased.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 580-64 Hayes.
A LARGE stock of standard pianos; all more
or lesa used: prices $63 up. BSNJAiII.V
CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell st; Chicker-
Ing agency.
NEARLY new Standard upright piano: orig-
inal cost $SCO: will sell on easy . payments.
554 Valencia st. * .
Upright Vose & Knabe. 2-hand ; bargain; cheap-
ea. place to rent. Hornung. 21fl McAllister.
HALLET A DAVIS pianos; wholesale: eK-tD
floor. 73^"". Mission at. San Francisco.
ALMOST given away: unredeemed storage pf-
anos, furn. Whltehead's storage/ 1638 Mkt.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilian plan*
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3CS-312 Post at. •
NEW. upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay*
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 18 McAllister st. .'
3-PEDAL Stelnway up: Chlckertas baby grand.
Shoninger little used. Keeffe'a. 235 OTarreU.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In'wrapper. for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET. .
STORE with 2 living rooms; best location In
the Mission for meat market: no opposition.
Address N. F. ROBINSON. .600 Sutter st. \u25a0
STORE to let: $10 a month. 313 Minna, st
TWO, four or six rooms upstairs: near Mar-
ket st. Apply at 31 Second st \u25a0 i
TWO shops: suitable for any kind of mechaal*
cal bo-mesa. 121t> Market st i
SMALL office to let at S Sixth, st. near Mar-
-ket. I
HELP WANTED—MALE— Continued.
- Man deliver and collect pictures, $2 23 a, day.
MURRAY & READY. , G34-6-6 Ciay st .
TOGETHER— LUMBER COMPANY. . •
2 timber \u25a0 fellers. $55 fd. . ,
3 lumber pliers, $45 fd.- \u25a0;"-\u25a0
Rouetabcut, $40 fd.
>. 2 swampers-. ?50 fd. r "-\u25a0 -• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -
i FOR BRICKYARDS.
: 2 carmen', . no* blankets," $60/ ; " ':
' 5 men, pile brick;. no blankets, $60. -\u25a0-,
.6 Laborers. $45 fd. >-.- . .
'\u25a0 • :\u25a0 . -. \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0.. -IjOOK. \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0-
Harnessinaker and reptlrer, $2 to $2 50 day.
' Painter and paperftnaprer, $3 to $3 60 day. y .-\u25a0
Blacksmith, ranah, $50 fd. .. - :
Man handle : furniture-, express business, $8
-. dar. '"' : - \u25a0•-\u25a0\u25a0-".\u25a0'-\u25a0 r v. -.- ;-:-
.--" :\- \u25a0tO- "X_OOK.- : \u25a0::,:: •;' ' >
Man and wife, man pick fruit, wife cook
few men. $46 fd.
:..-. . . .-.. LOOK. % ' S- \u25a0 X:M '\u25a0
-Bakery wagon driver, $40 fd. - - -
Baker, south, 915 tr«e_. . . "
8 waiters, fare 11, $35 fd. : \:>, -
. LOOK., ; '\u25a0:\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0
Clerk, small hotel, fare 400, $25 fd. ' '-- ; •"
' . Cook $50, waiter $25. same hotel, far* $L
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st,
WANTED— A planer hand.' 231 King st, '.\u25a0'-
DISHWASHER wanted.. Call early,
V 136 Eighth st. *""•'•'-•'
WANTED— AI alVaround typewriter repair-
man with referenceft^Box^^OOZ^Canirfflce.
ERRAND boy wanted, 16 to 17. .Apply bet
8 ahd 8:30 a- \u25a0\u25a0m., H. HEBSVS A CO. :
STRONG boy . wanted at 120 , Eddy street
WANTED — Pressfeeders. Paclflo Envelope Co.,
461 Mission st. /: ' -
PLUMBER wanted. '. 169 Minna st
BOY wanted to work in store and run errands.
- MARKS BROS.. 106 Sixth St.-
W A.NTED — Good dishwasher -at the Philadel-
phla Bakery. 1410 Polk at. \u25a0
CARRIAGE blacksmith wanted. 1168, Mission
. atrtet- , ' : "' \u25a0"\u25a0 '.- ' \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 ' '\u25a0"\u25a0'--\u25a0 •->--•-'.-'\u25a0\u25a0
PLATEN press feeder; open shop. 118 Front
street. '-"'.*" - -' - ' : - • \u25a0 -'\u25a0\u25a0
EkANTS presser, , Al ; alro nnderpresser. 1.1
New Montgomery st. room 5.
BOY- wanted for upholstering and carpet lay-
ing. 2304 Fillmore at.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work inside. 411 H
Kearny St., room 2. :,-,'.
WANTED— Sailors; ordinary able > seamen at
Thomas Murry'B. 510 Davis, shipping agents.
W *.NTED— Good man : good : position to right
party. Box 9500. Call. , ,
;MEDICAI_
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — Ladies, all who are
. tick or in trouble, consult this specialist on
\u25a0"• female complaints; i positively, corrected; the
' unfortunate • helped ; the most difficult cases
treated- .every case taken; -immediate relief;
r.o poisoning drugs; low fees; my methods
" will cure all cases of Irregularity; consult
me- save time and money; advice free. Offlce
1018 Market et.; hours 9 a. m. till 9 p. m.
MRS. \u25a0; DR. : WYETH. specialist for aU female
complaints and irregularities: instant relief
guaranteed; 30 ye_rs' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS DR. KOHL reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities: Instant re-
lief guaranteed. Offlce hours 0 to 5. S *B™*
10 to 2. lOCS V, Market at; opposite Fifth.
VALPEAU'S female pills: best regulating pills
sold; price $2 60 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: price $5. By exprew only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD ; BROTHERS.
; wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland. . . .- ' -
! WOMEN'S diseases and irregularities cured In
i . - 24 hours; 19 years' experience without a fail-
ure; no trifling: strictly private; elite patron-
\u25a0 age only. Dr. Sylvester* of flee. 1206 Market
DRS. GOODWIN'S herb treatment; reliable
safe, prompt. . for female Irregularities; relief
or no fee: llO: hrs. 9-8. S5O Mkt. St. suite 37
DR C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence
1021% Market st. bet. 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
A— MRS. DR. GWYER, MIA Leavenworth st.
b»t, Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East 697.
DR. and -MRS. DA VIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment 1126 Market
IF. sick see the magnetlo' healer. 791 *A Stev-
enson sf • . '
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st. corner
Twenty-sixth: ladles. '<\u25a0 relief or no fee: $10.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc, etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; ccc Sunday papers.
H. B. WHITE MACHY CO.. 130-132 Beale st
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN- !
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale— Twelve fresh cows and seven or
eight springers,, and all kinds of horses al-
ways on hand. Apply- to J. STADTLER and
FURRER. Fourteenth st. bet Lees aye. and
Redwood Road, Frultvale. Cal.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
' pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of \u25a0 buying: modern bar flx-
tures; -cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. 625 Mission St.. S. F.
A FINH variety of dogs and pups of all de-
scriptions; also doss boarded with best of
car* at College Kennels. 115 Halght st; 20
years' experience. Phone Park 442.
LARGEST stock in city: second-band \u25a0 belting. .
also planlng-mlll machinery, engines, boilers
. and electrical machinery. JOHNSON &
HORAN. 602 Third st
ALL kinds of second-hand machinery, boilers,
engines, shafting and pulleys bought and
sold. ARMSTRONG A CO.. 903 Market st;
phone South 87.
AA— 2O varieties of thoroughbred eggs. $1 per
13; also fowls. Ingleslde Poultry Yards.- 807
Mt Vernon ay.. Ocean View; car to steel brg.
FOR Sale— Large French plate mirror. 84x
35H Inches; also walnut desk. Apply 4113.
Kearny St.. room 2. call Monday.
SWELL solid oak mantel, big bargain; see
Mangrum-Otter. 683 Market; ssk for No.
loop. ,•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0-
A — GENT'S full dress cults to rent J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton st. second floor.
FOR sale— Beta Body Hotalr Apparatus: good
as new; $75. 524 Central Bank. Oakland.
A FEW bargains in talking : machines.
LEVY'S. 415 Kearny st: all kinds of records.
GENUINE white silk Pinch pupa at 2314 Mc-
AUlster St.. near Stanyan.
$15 WILCOX & GIBBS autoinatlo sewing ma-
chine; $5 Domestic: $7 Singer. IS7 Sixth st
WHITE Leghorn pullets; fine and healty. 130
- Mateo st. Ingleslde car.'. :... ...'..
FOR sale— Dishes, suitable for restaurant In-
qulre 1210 Mission st '
1 HORSEPOWER direct current motor; bar-
gain. Apply HAMILTON'S. 3017 Etxteenth.
FOR sale — Remington typewriter No. 2 In good
condition; $15. 318 Mason st /
LADY'S new evening coat for sale cheap or
exchange for jewelry. Room 12. 531 Turk.
OTTO gasoline engine. 20 hp.; centrifugal
pumps. Howlett Machine Wks.. 256 Fremont
DOMESTIC sewing machine. $12: oak bed.
- wire and hair mattress. 1851 Market st
ELEGANT 6H foot bathtub. $10 60; sink. 20x
30. $3 50; patent closet $10 50. 213 4th st
LIGHT top delivery wagon, also top or open
business buggy cheap. -.. 523 Fulton st
BOATHOUSE of 6 rooms: 16x36; $300; toredo
proof hull. Foot Castro St.. Oakland.
$50 BUYS cash register. National; in perfect
•condition. 235 A Eighth st
A VERY fine 25-stone lady's diamond studded
locket at a bargain, 10 Sixth st. '
SCHOOL books * bought and exchanged.
KING'S Old Book Store. 61 McAllister st
MILES of pipe and fittings, all sizes, cheap.
EUGENE RILEY A SONS. 10» Vallejo st
A — BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 336 Main st '
TWO merry -go-rounds :- one miniature railway.
BACIGALUPI. 805 Kearny et
HIGH grade 2d-hand offlce safe and wagon
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 California,
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st ,
2D-HAND bldg. material: lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. BULLARD -BRECK. 131 Post st
?S^H_V!LTED~FEa^LI---Contlo»ed
TWO Insutuuon coots •*» and $33
1 c Zr?" c JL ty * American xarolUeB..s3o an<3 $35
t^S^ S*™** families *30 and *35
ifariormaid and waitress. Oakland ..$3O
Second cirl, Monterey $C 0
4 second girls, city and Santa Cruz ..8.5
3 n'^rscrirlß. city and Oakland $20 and 825
iAundre-s for private lamuy $_0
vjm to wait in coSLtt parior $(i a -week
Cock and second girl, same house $30. $20
waitress for springs, fare paid $25
» waitresses for city and country hotels.. f 26
second cook, orphanage . . -^ $22 50
German nursegirl. one child ..$23
Chair, bernaaid and waiting, country |25
Cook. 9 adults, no washing /..SSO
Man and wife, porter and waitress for coun-
try hoteU fare paid \u00845E5
Cog*, pantry girl and a dishwasher, small
coffee house $70
*__»cy ircner, ecuctry laundry. s9 wk. and Jd.
4 restaurant waitresses, city.. s7 e_id ?S wk.
4 German governess. 2 children $30
38 girls for general housework In both city
and country. $25, $30 and $35. Call Moa-
g&y. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 534 Sutter st,'THE- SAN. FRANCISCO? CAL^
44
ROOM S KTO • LET— Fnrn. and Unfnra.
EDDY, 518— Sunny ' furnished ' rooms ': for . rent
ELLIS, ; 1744— Sunny rooms. :*.,- -.. : . ."'.:'- •'.;';\u25a0 ; ,''
FIFTH aye., J 139, ; south — Nice sunny, furnished
'; rooms to let. '\u25a0, \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 : • - : . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0. '" - :^
FOURTH. 834— 2 furnished room's.
FOLSOM. 1124^-Furnlahed rooms to let ;
FILBERT. '327— Three rooms to let
FOLSOM. 762— Furnished ; room to let"
FOLSQM. ! 1527 — A nice, sunny, bay-window
front room; gas, bath and phone.,. \u25a0' ' . .
FOURTH, 271—100 rooms; all «l_e» and prices;
- new, modern; hot and cojd water. ..
V '.--rH. 80S— Large sunny : front rooms to let
FOURTH.v 162 — Nicely furnished rooms from
$1 per week up. ... "\u25a0\u25a0_\u25a0:. - ;".-\u25a0
FOLSOM. 1871— FUrnished rooms to let ' .>
FOLSOM, 928— Furnished . front room to let
FILBERT, 1211— Furnished, room. "
FOURTEENTH. 419— Furnished room.
FOLSOM.' I377— Fine furnished sunny room. '\u25a0-,-
FELL. 123 — Rooms 'to let \u25a0
FOLSOM, 2621— Tw0 1 sunny furnished rooms :
lower; flat ' - \u25a0
FOURTEENTH. 180%— Four sunny rooms.
FOLSOM, 2619— 0ne sunny furnished room;
1 upper flat * > - - \u25a0 \u25a0
FOURTE-XtNTH. 129 A —Room to let.
FOURTH. 248-^Nicely furnished sunny front
room suitable for two gentlemen; reasonable.
FOURTEENTH. \u25a0 478— Furnished room to let
. : -.-..\u25a0• -- - - - \u25a0 • \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- . \u25a0 " " .., ,-.\
FIFTEENTH. 1641— T0 let, sunny front room.
FOURTH aye., 221 — Furnished room; gas,
bath and phone; $6 a month.
FIFTH. 344— Furnished room.
FILLMORE, 416— Furnished rooms to let
jßij-r-t, 22— Fumlahed rooms to let
FILLMORB, 415— Rooms to let
FURNISHED rooms to let Box . 9267. Call
office. ... / \u25a0;;
FOURTH. 612— Furnished rooms to let
FILBERT. 832— Furnished rooms to let
FELL.' 817 — Small hall room to let _^
FRANCIS, -86 — Sunny room to let. j
FTRNISHBD rooms to let Box 9230, Call.
FILBERT, 819 — Furnished rooms with bath.
FULTON, 128 — Furnished room to let, suitable
for two gentlemen at reasonable rent - • : : \u25a0":.\u25a0
FIRST aye., 758— Furnished rooms to \u25a0 let
FOLSOM. 1377 — Bunny furnished room to let
FOLSOM. 1234— Three rooms to let ' '.
FOURTEENTH, 470— Room to let. -
FORTY-SEVENTH aye., 1351— Furnished room
•\u25a0 to let. . .. - -
FRANKLIN. 215— Nicely furnished room; suit-
able f or . one or ' two. • J .
FIFTEENTH, 1473— Furnished room to let
GEARY, 660r-Newly fur., sunny., front room,
-, back parlor; . others; homelike; ; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE- aye., 1219—1, 2 ; or 3 nicely .
• furn. rooms to rent to secrete - party ; reason.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG— Con.
MARKET. IC3s— Sunny' housekeeping rooms;
$4 week up. J
MARKET. ISo2— Sunny housekeeping rooms.
MISSION, 9-3%— Housekeeping rooms to let
MISSION, 1251%. corner Ninth— 2 sunny front
rooms, with adjoining kitchen; coal stove,
water; $14. ____, '
MAItY, _2 off Mission— Two sunny furnished
rooma for housekeeping, alao single.
MASON, SlO. near Pine — 3 new unfurnished
t-untiv front rooms; running water; call Mon-
day 'night to Friday.
MINNA. 13C2%— 2 unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; cheap. -
MARKET. -54SA— A newly furnished suite of
roonis with kitchen. - ...
M \RKET, -00S — Two large sunny front roomß,
well furnished for housekeeping.
MARKET. IC27V' — Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping-; "double or single, with gas;
rent reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 2514. near Stanyan— Furnished
housekeeping rooms. \u25a0_
MINNA, C*>3 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; also single. '
MISSION. 1017 — Large sunny suite, furn.;,
housekeeping; gas range; running water; 2
rooms; porch. •
MISSION, 2395, cor. 20th — 2 or 3 clean sunny
corner rooms, gas range, water, $15, $22 50.
MCALLISTER, 828 — 2 sunny furnished con-
necting rooms: running water, gas; $16.
MINNA, 435^ — Two sunny rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; with gas.
MISSION and 18th, over Grater's drug store —
Lower flat; beautiful climate; new.
MCALLISTER, 453, cor. Van Ness — Two or
three nicely furnished, .connecting housekeep-
ing rooms; reasonable. ,
MCALLISTER, 621— Newly furnished front
room, kitchen 'adjoining; every convenience}
reasonable. .
McALLIETER, 639 — Elegantly furnished front
suite for housekeeping; laundry; bath.
MINNA, 2SI, cor. Fourth — Furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; also single. -
MASON. 825. near Pine— Elegant large, front,
gunny. 2-room suite; every convenience; $25.
MARKET. 1711— Two furnished housekeeping
rooms. I" .
NINETEENTH. 3491. flat B. cor. Valencia^ —
Three complete, nicely furnished, sunny
housekeeping rooms; bath; piano; everything
modern: rent $25; call mornings or evenings.
NOE, 510— Three unfurnished, new, sunny
front rooms for housekeeping; cheap; near
two car lines.
NOE, 45% — Four nice, sunny, housekeeping
rooms with gas and electric light; rent $15.
O'FARRELL, 1597. cor. Pierce — 1 nice unfur-
nlshed housekeeping rooms; nice location;
$12 50. . ;
OAK. 117. or 14 Page — Complete hskpg.; gas
range free; hot bath, laundry; $1 25-$3 50 wk.
O'FARRELL. 776— Large, sunny unfurn. front
parlors; reasonable; office or housekeeping.
O'FARRELL, 1320— Newly furnished sunny
rooms: phone, bath; hskpg. : references.
j O'FARRELL, 029— Large, sunny, nicely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms, $10.
PACIFIC aye., 1664. near Van Ness— Two
or three lovely, front, unfurnished housekeep.
ing rooms, with bath and gas; $12 or $18.
PAGE, 14 — Housekeeping rooms. .-
PAGE. 14 — Housekeeping rooms. ;
POLK, 1018 — Sunny front rooms; ground and
second floors: reasonable: no objection to
children.
POST, 717 — Small room, housekeeping; for one '
man; rent $5 per month.
POST, 502 — Housekeeping rooms.
POST, 962— Housekeeping room!, single or en
eulte Of 2. $10 to $20 mo.; light and eunny.
POWELL, 415 — Furnished housekeeping suite;
$4 week; also elngle room. '
PERSOXALS — Contlnoffl.
MORPHINE, opium, laundanum. cocaine hatit
myself cured; will inform you of harmless,
permanent home cure. MARY BALDWIN,
box 1212. Chicago. ' .. •
YOUTHFUL hands and complexion are results
of M. Ji. Trent Body Bu::«2er; price SI;
treatment free. 1303 Lacuna st.
DR. MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer; he will
challenge the world to produce its equal;
shipped to all parts of world. 352 O'Farrell.
AT less than cost: uncalled for suits, over-
coats an dtrousers at CHARLES LYONS'
London Tailor. 721 Market et.
£TAR hnlr remedy, tonic, restores color, cures
uandruff, «ops falling: drugrlsta. halrdess-
«?rs. Star Ucmedy Co.. 821 Polk st
BLOOD rcison cured for life; write for book-
let. DR. F. A. 6IEBER. room 403, 107
Dearborn st., Chicago.
4T! YOURS received; will keep sharp look-
out Come soon. I L. & K.
YOUR lot sun-eyed. $7 50. J. A. ADAMS,
deputy IT. S. surveyor, 115 Eighth st.
MISS UNDERWOOD, electric needle speclal-
iet SI4 Euttcr st ' '
NOTHING down. 51 a week to keep well
-raged. Peerless Tailoring Co.. S3l Post st.
E BRAND new tailor-made men's suits, cost
$25. for $9 75. 440 Bush, nr. California Hotel.
CO ASSORTED souvenir postal cards prepaid
50c. BACIGALUPI. 756 Mission st.
$1 A WEEK: suits to crder $15 up. LEMOS,
1127 Market st. between Seventh & Eigntn.
MASQUERADE costuraes. play .j^ 011 ?!^.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO.. 733 Mkt
BUSIVESS PEKSOXAXS.
REMOVAL— The Golden West Broom Factory
has moved from 630 Clay st. to 723 same
street above Kearny.
PARTXERS WAXTEP.
WANTED — Manager for sandstone quarry and
yard near Los Angeles; must act as super-
intendent and make Investment In business;
> fullest investigation invited; answers must
etate experience. Bex 2554. 100S Market st
EXPERIENCED iron works secretary, audi-
tor and credit man with $4000 seeks Invest-
ment and permanent position; highest ref-
erences; give some particulars. Box ZSSS,
lOCS Market -t. __________________
WANTED— Partner for jewelry manufacturing
an<i retailing proposition with $500 capital.
Address box 9249. Call office.
PAPEKHAXGIXO, PAIXTIXG, ETC.
O STIN. painter; rooms papered or tinted.
$3 50 up: also painting; very reasonable. 11-0
Mission st. \u25a0
HOUSE painter wants work, day cr contract;
city cr cour.tr>-. Bex 0206. Call office.
PHYSICIAXS AXD SURGEOXS.
P.EMOVED^DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treatb all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at C 67 Geary st. near Leavenworth.
TVONG WOO. the tun icus herb doctor — All dis-
easeß cured by Chlnefe herbs. 746-8 Clay st
PILES CI'HED.
PILES, FISTULA, etc— Cured to stay cured;
only humane cure; no knife, danger or hind-
rance to business; 7000 cured; why not you?
no eaive preposition : Investigate. THOMAS
J. KISN'ER. M. P.. Columbian bldg.. S F.
PATEXTS.
INVENTIONS patented-- U. S. and foreign;
patent law. P. P. MEDINA 53? -tarkf* st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG.
BUCHANAN, 604 — Punny bay-window corner
room and kitchen; -a* range; sink; phone;
$16.
RAUSCH. , 58— Large sunny room light house-
keeping; running water; single room.
CORA. 9— Room to let ;'; '- '\u25a0 >
CLEMENTINA. 64-^Furnlshed room to let
.......
CABTRO. 611— Rooms to let
CHENERY, 6—Furnißhed6 — FurniBhed rooms to let
CAPP. 129— Hall bedroom to let
CALIFORNIA. 726— Furnished rooms.
CLEMENTINA. 320 — Furnished room.
CAMP, 24, between Sixteenth and Seventeenth,
off Guerrero — Furnished room to let; gentle-
men only. \u25a0•'• -. .. \u25a0 \u25a0
CALIFORNIA, 2525— Furnished rooms; cheap.
CAPP, 107 — Sunny front room; folding bed,
gas, bath, grate; suitable for one or. two.'
CASTRO, BSl7— Room to let.
CLAIFORNIA, 8091 — Suite of rooms; unfur-
nished. ; ,
CLEMENTINA, 4.6.— Sunny furnished front
room; $6 per mo.; bet Fifth and Sixth.
CLAY, 1009 — Furnished room to let-
CORA, 9— Room to let " . \u25a0 . .
CAPP, 158— Sunny, front . parlor j bay window;
suitable for two. \u25a0 , , . .- \u25a0- „\u25a0?
CLEMENTINA. 61— Room to let
CLAY. 1016— Furnished rooms to let •
CARL. 258 — Rooms for students of Affiliated*
Colleges. \u25a0 '-\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0
CLEMENTINA. 44— Rooms to let \u25a0
CLEMENTINA. 440 — A sunny furnished room
to let. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
CLEMENTINA, 681— Front room to let
DORB. 281 — Rooms to let. • '\u25a0 \u25a0 _.
DALE place, 9%. off Golden Gate are., bet.
Leavenworth and Hyde — One front room for
gentleman.
DE BOOM, 10, opp. South Park — Nice furnished
front room to let . '
DEVISADERO, 618 — Roomers wanted. -"*"",
DORB, 87 — Furnished rooms to let \
DOLORES, 305— Room to let'
DOLORES. 415— Rooms to let. '-.'.-\u25a0,-,
EDDY. B— Fine furnished rooms In central lo-
cation: reasonable rates. . :
ELLIS, 1864 — Furnished room to let. ;>\";
ELLIS.. 1457— Rooms to let '.'•\u25a0-
EDDY, 435 — Furnished room. . , ' '.
ELLIS. 453— Pleasant furnished rooms, suita-
ble, for young •• men; /board If desired. \u25a0>-;
EIGHTEENTH, "3276, near Howards-Sunny
furnished hall bedroom, $4 month. \u25a0\u25a0-<:\u25a0:
EDDY, 918— Furnished ': room ', to let ',
-..-.•,-\u25a0;..•.- /• \u25a0 ?;.:- - ;. ;—; — \ . ~ i . ~~"
ELEVENTH. 116A — Sunny furnished 'rooms.
EDDY, 730— Rooms to let ' V
EDDY, 732— Sunny,;' newly. -furnished* parlor
suite; single room; board punfurnished house-
keeping rooms. \u0084 \u25a0':."\u25a0 ; .-\u25a0;\u25a0 '.:u
ELEVENTH, 437 — Furnished rooms. '
ELLIS, 1784^Furnlshed - room. - . v
ELLIS. 1746— Front sunny ..room. - . \u25a0
ELLIS. 679 — One^ large nicely furnished room,
running • water and ,use of bath; two' gentle-
men ; also :^^ :^2_^^__^^
ELLIS. 1457— Rooms to. let. .-.."''
EDDY. .: 204%— Tw0 , unfurnished, rooms ; to let ;
\u25a0-sunny...-. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-..\u25a0':\u25a0:. -\u25a0\u0084-\u25a0..:,:-\u25a0 \u25a0 .'\u25a0--\u25a0.: -'\ \u25a0:':\u25a0'';'
EIGHTH.; 115— Furnished rooms. ':\u25a0*.:^ ... \ .i
EDDY, c 11— Nicely;" furnlsned . front room ; : also
: . other, rooms;; rent $1 50 up. ; v \u25a0;\u25a0 ,:
EDDY. 110J(The Launston)— Fine rooms; 35c
:tor $1 ' day. Sl' 50 \to r $6 ' per 'week. \u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0-\u0084 -..-- ;
EIGHTEENTH, 8230 — Furnished rooms.
EDDY, 614— Partly furnished rooms to rent
GREEN, . 622 — Nice, sunny ! % furnished front
room to rent. ; \u25a0;• :' -. . , ,- : ,
GOLDEN . GATE aye., 802^ — Furnished ' roonis
to rent . \u25a0 .--.;. .,
GROVE, 7_S—~*urnlshed rooms to let * .'\u25a0'•' ''
GEARY, 620— Furnished - rooms to ; let . '
GUERRERO, ' 1406— Furnished sunny rooms;
apply between 1 \u25a0 and . 4 Sunday. " : • ' ' \u25a0 \u25a0
GREEN. 622}_ — Rooms nicely furnished; rea-
v Bonable. .'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
GREEN, 404— Rooms to let.. ./",'\u25a0 ,
GEARY. 493 — Sunny furnished . rooms.
GOLDEN GATE are., 1005— Furnished room
.' with board. - h \u25a0: . - }i ,<\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0._'\u25a0-
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1005 — Furnished rooms.
GROVE, 640— Furnished rooms . with ' bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 219 — Front suite sult-
able for two or four persons. ;' • . '
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1053H— Sunny con-
venlent rooms; bath, gas, water. '-.
GREENWICH. 2827— Furnished rooms to let
GOLDEN GATE aye., 635— Furnished rooms
to let: __ ___ ''\u25a0 __ \u25a0' . ___ -. -
GEARY, 624! — Furnished rooms; reasonable. -
GEART, 878— Room to let , \u25a0. ' • \u25a0 ': .
GRAND SOUTHERN. ; 1069 Mission, cor Sev-
enth — 100 rooms; 50c night, $2 tos7 week. *
GREENWICH, 1918— Furnished room to let.
GREEN. 737^.— Furnished room. .'."'
GOLDEN GATE aye.. : 811 — Bunny \u25a0 furnished
; room; gas and running- water.
GENEVA, 13%— A furnished • room. .
GEARY, 1869— Furnished rooms. ..
GUERRERO, 211 — Large sunny room; closet'
gas; $7 per month. : \u25a0 .
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN. cor. Ellis and Leav-
enworth — 300 rooms; modern and up to date;i
light . sunny . and : airy; - hair mattresses; - free
baths; \u25a0 everything, fresh and r, clean; ' single
rooms and baths; reasonable rates.*-. \u25a0 = ;
HOTEL Hamilton. 125 \u25a0 Ellis, bet Powell and
Mason sts., S. F. ; rooms 'sl to: s3 per. day;
steam heat and telephone In each room. -
HOTEL MAYFLOWER. 217 ; Leavenworth—
- Suites - and . single • rooms ; \u25a0 modern ; '. hot ' and :
- cold - water \u25a0In • every room ; t most \u25a0 reasonable
rates of any flrst-clas3 house \u25a0In city. \u25a0 \ \'~
HOTEL' RALEIGH, 819 Butter— Elegant single
rooms and suites. 50c to $1 50 per day,' s2 up
- per week; free baths; elevator service. •;.*.- v
HOWARD, 716-^Rodms,' '\u25a0". 25c to- $I.per day;
$1 50 to $3 'per week; reading-room, etc. \
HYDE, 1649-^-Rooms \u25a0to let. ' \u25a0" .
HOWARD, " 1716— Furnished . rooms. , . • \u25a0 . . \ '
HOWARD. 558— 1 large front room.
HAIGHT. , 226%— Nicely .: furnished back parlor
.'- suitable for one or two gentlemen, with .or
without board.;- .'.:" \u0084;:"\u25a0 -^
HOWARD," 1085^— Sunny , front room. . .
HOWARD, 878— Room ; to let. " V ' v
HOLLlS, \u25a0'*— Sunny. front. room to let . Vi' \u25a0\u25a0'<',
HARRISON. 2413— R00m to let. V, . \u25a0 ,
HARRISON. 925-~Furhlshed , rooms ; to let
HARRIFT, ' 882^-Rooms to let. .. ' : \u25a0
HARRIET." 377— Rooms, to let. ... '"• / ' '-. . \u25a0
HARRISON, : 1443-i-Furnlshed : rooms' to let , '
HARRIET. . 346 A —Rooms ito let.'-v /- .:
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .;.-.. .--. ,- ; ;-;•-;; - --\u25a0• - ».-.\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0; -. •j \u25a0\u25a0 -. \u25a0
HAMPTON place,; 15— Rooms to let ,
\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 . . ; - ,-- __ - \u25a0 -\u25a0 '\u25a0 • - ''''\u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0••
HOWARD. 1913— Furnished room with board.- .
HERMANN,; 418%— Furnished room to let :
HARRISON, : 1846^-Room Uo' let.': !_ " . ;. "\
HOWARD, r 1130— Room to let '1 "V, '.-''. " .. '
i HOWARD. 1050— Furnished rooms ; to let -
BOSWORTH, 217 — 3 housekeeping rooms to let
BRYANT, 410 — Housekeeping room.
BUSH, 1413, nr. Polk— 3 well furnished rooms;
gas range; $25 month; adults. .
BUCHANAN. 1324 — Three housekeeping or
furnished rooms.
BUCHANAN. 605, near Hayes — Two or three
furnished housekeeping rooms.
BUSH, 1413. near Polk— 3 newly furnished
rroms for housekeeping, complete; gas range;
adults.
BRODERICK. 416. bet. Hayes and Fell—
Furnished housekeeping rooms, 2 or 8 rooms;
new flat.
CASTRO, 423. near Seventeenth, rear— B upper
unfurnished, sunny housekeeping; pleasant
rooms ; large yard; $10.
CLIPPER.4S2 — 3 rooms furnished, bath, baee-
ment: bay-window: sunny; $12; Castro car.
COOK. 21. off Geary — 3 rooms furnished or
unfurnished; bath, gas; $12.
CALIFORNIA, 140S — Sunny front housekeeping
roonis, newly furnished ; bath, gas; reason-
able.
CALIFORNIA. 30S5 — Two front rooms furnlsh-
tj fcr light housekeeping; no children.
CLIPPEU, IS4A — 2 sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas and coal stove; laundry,
bath; f9.
COOK. 16. Richmond Distrct— Two furnished,
sunny front housekeeping rooms: $9 mo.
DEVISADERO. 1614, nr. Bueli — 8 elegant
Eunny unfurnished housekeeping rooms; new
flat: reasonable.
DEVISADERO. 1810 — Living rooms; regular
kitchen, bedroom, newly furnished; new flat;
rent reasonable.
ELLIS. 1478 — 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping: eun all day.
ELEVENTH, US}.— Housekeeping room for
rt-nt^
EDDY. <6S — Sunny housekeeping rooms.
EDDY. 632 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms.
EIGHTEENTH, 3625, near Church— Three un-
furnished rooms; private.
EI'DY. 323 — Sunny light ' housekeeping and
Binple rooms; very reasonable.
ELEVENTH, 22b— Two nice housekeeping
rooms to rent with gas range and phone.
ELLIS. 460—3 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping; very reasonable; yard; tubs.
FRANKLIN, 1453 — Housekeeping room; also
other iJ-octne.' '
FOLSOM. ol3 — Three rooms, furnished • for
housekeeping-. . . . ,
FELL, 414 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms. . . -
FOLSOM. 1124 V4— Two sunny front hskpg
i\>cjns; bath, gas, yard: reasonable; laundry.'
FOURTH. 225— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; al«) single. \u25a0>\u25a0 \
FULTON. 21— Two furnished housekeeping
rooms.
PXJLSOM, 614— Furnished housekeeping rooms
to let.
FULTON. S22— Light housekeeping room; $10
month.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 309 — 2 front furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE. 1529. near Scott — 4 rooms!
fuml-heri complete for housekeeping; rent
reasonable. Apply 10 a. m. to sp. m.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404 — Furnished house-
keepir.g rooms.
GEARY, 1225 — Snap in housekeeping rooms;
two fine furnished rooms with private bath;
only ?20 per month. - ."- ; :
CEARY. 1044— 3 eunny. .. newly furnished
housekeeping rooms; $22; sunny front parlor'
reasonable. .. , : ,
CEARY, «25 — Sunny front rooms suitable for
he usekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 372— One furnished
housekeeping room; double and single rooms;
Ktorace. laundry
GROVE. 345— Unfurnished or partly furnished
two or three rooms for housekeeping- cr
single.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 622— Two newly furnish-
ed front housekeeping rooms; tel.; bath.
HOWARD, IC<>4 — Two front rooms, connecting
complete housekeeping; gas stove; private;
cheap.
HERMANN. Cl— 2 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; ?10; light and sunny.
JACKSON. IoSO — Well furnished, front, con-
necting housekeeping rooms; every conven-
lence.
JONES, IKK3, nr. Bush — Sunny furn. front
roome; hskpg.; cas range, bath, phone piano.
JESSIE. 331— Lanre front parlor furnished for
housekeeping; S3 per week.
JACKSON. 1335, nr. Uyde — J large unfurnish-
ed rooms: sun In #very room; grates; new;
S2O to S2S. ' . -..\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
JESSIE, 333 — Large housekeeping room; sink;
coal and gas range; $3 week.- • " '
LANGTON. 212i>. near Seventh— :t large un-
furnished rooms for housekeeping;' eunny, yd.
LARKIN, 817% — Nicely furnished eunny cor-
ner room, with caa stove; reasonable.-;..-'
LARKIN". Sl9'4 — Clean, eunny front suite, very
light housekeeping If desired; $10 per month.
RAUSCH, 62 — Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also elngle.
SACRAMENTO. 1514— Parlor floor, 6 elegantly
furnished sunny housekeeping rooms; piano,
phone. East 9155.
SUTTER. 1115 near Larkin — Front room; wa-
ter and closet: $12. with hallroom $18.
SEVENTEENTH. 3717, near Church — House-
keeping rooms to let. .
BUTTER. 1639 — Three nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms, with piano. \u25a0>
SIXTH, 1S5 — Two large sunny rooms for
housekeeping.
STEVENSON. 255— Housekeeping rooms, com-
plete: $1 75 wk; single, $1; nice front rooms.
SHOTWELL. 219 — Two furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; bath.
6UTTER. 190S— Two sunny unfurnished house-
keeplng rooms.
SUTTER, 990 — Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms; single or en suite. - . .
SHOTWELL. 822 — Furn. rooms for housekeep-
ing; gas stove; running water; bath; laundry.
SACRAMENTO, 3019 — New and elegantly fur-
nlshed parlor suite and kitchen: reasonable.
SEVENTH, 191 — Sunny bay-window housekeep-
ing toomsjgasor^wocdjaisoconne^Ung^^
TAYLOR. 911 — * unfurnished sunny rooms;
bath. $22 50; 1 furn. rpom; gas range. $7.. -
TEHAMA. 219% — Two housekeeping rooms,
furnished: rent cheap. -
TENTH. 149 — One lovely coiy housekeeping
room; use piano; no children. . ' .
TWO housekeeping rooms: two closets: yard.
1 block from St. Francis.
TAYLOR, 1211— Furn. housekeeping rooms; gas
range; fine view; centrally located; reas.
THIRD, 235 — Nice sunny housekeeping rooms.
TURK, 411 — Furnished sunny room's; house-
keeplng; gas range, bath; other rooms; $8 up.
23RD. 3726, nr. -. Dolores — Sunny bay window
rms; fur complete hkpg; nice, neat, complete.
THIRD. 625 — Furnished rooms for light house-
keeplng. '
TURK. 265 — Housekeeping rooms.
TURK. 252— 2 nice housekeeping rooms; yard;
cheap: inquire after 10.
TURK, '4O4 — Housekeeping rooms. .
TURK, 404— Nice sunny front suite for house-
keeplng. •-'\u25a0.-"'..'
TURK, 1159 — Nice sunny housekeeping rooms;.
new house; from $10 up. . -
TURK, 411 — Furnished sunny rooms; house-
keeplng; gas range, bath; other rooms; $8 up.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 33C7 — Two furnished house,
keeping rooms in sunny belt of Mission; near
three car- lines. - - . -.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3306— Two eunny houßekeep-
ing rooms; newly furnished; 2 sunny rooms;
newly furnished. * . .
VALENCIA, 191—2 large sunny rooms well
furnished: cas and bath; rent $15.
VALENCIA. 308— Housekeeping rooms.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, rent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
V APARTMENT HOUSES^
THE Vera Apartments, 1007 Bush st, near
Jones; under entirely new management; new
and thoroughly renovated; • 2 and 3 . room
suites, furn. or unfurn.' for hskpg: also beau-
tifully furn.- single rms. for gents; reas.
HANDSOMELY furnished apartment; 5 rooms
and bath' and maid's room;- with separate
bath;- best part of Western Addition; oppo-
site a Dark. BOARDMAN BROS. & CO.,
13$ Montgomery st. • \u25a0'\u25a0.\u25a0'.'.
A-^-ST. LAWRENCE APARTMENT — New,
modern building; turn. ,or unfurn. - \u25a0 apart-
ments of 2, 3, 4 rooms; private /baths; from
$15 to $35. Phone Main 5130. 1335 Mason st.
TO lease — First-class apartment-house; new
112 rooms: .13. baths;. Broadway, adjoining
postof fice, Oakland. , Address A. •D. • WIL-
SON. 1C22 Broadway, Oakland. .
A— KENILWORTH. cor. Bush,' Powell; 3-room
eunny aprts. ; single rooms; modern ; reas. , '
A — May-belle. "C 2 Grove; sunny, '; furn \u25a0 and . un-
furnished 3-room suites; reasonable ; rates. '.
A— YON NYDACK. 573 PoBt; 4 rooms; private
baths; furnished, unfurnished: salt baths.T-;.*
EMPKESS. 041 Turk, near Van Ness— Fur. or
unfur. mod. apartment of 2 and 3 rooms; reas.
EL CAHMELO. 1719 -Washington/ nr. Van Ness
aye. — Sunny \u25a03.\u25a0 5. 0 room \u25a0 apts. ; also single.
THE ESTHER, 1419 Leavenworth— Don't rent
till you gee it; the talk of the town; .one left.'
. MODERN 1 sunny front hskpg. . apartment, opp:
Jefferson Sq.; best location in city. 974 Eddy;
THE Frederick,- WOl Stanyan— l' to 5' rooms,'
overlooking Golden Gate Park; tel: Pago CIG6. ;
UNFURNISHED 'apartments "to let 423
Golden Gate aye.
NOB. 147 —^Furnished room to let '
NINETEENTH. Ss73— Furnished room; sunny.
NATOMA/ 571— Room to let * ~' ; " *-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0''
NATOMA, 241— Furnished rooms to Itt; sunny."
NOE, SOd-^I want to rent s. sunny. front room.
NOE. 577 — I wmnt to let a single front room.
NATOMA, 74— Rooms to let
NEATLT furnished ' room In private family;
suitable for one or two gentlemen; rent rea-
sonable. Phone Fell 2494. \u25a0
NINETEENTH.' STI9, near Church — Unfur-
'. nlshed. rooms to Ist
OCTA VIA. 1311, near Geary — Furnished room:
2 windows; fireplace; - $12; suite, 2 rooms,
$15; bath. . - - - -
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; tle-
vator and electric lights; unfurnished offices.
O'FARRELL. 623— Newly furnished rooms;, 10
minutes' walk from Call building; 2 car lines.
C^FARRELL. 1209— Furnished room to Ist
O*FARRELL. 656— R00m to let
OAK. 1979— Rooms to let "V
OAK. 1846 — Newly furnished front and back
rooms, all sunny; running water and elegant
' bath; opposite park; must be seen to be ap-
preciated. -. ' . •'\u25a0.;'\u25a0\u25a0-
O'FARRELL, 627 — Sunny furnished rooms for
3 gentlemen. . . . , .
OAK. 20— Rooms to let. * ' /
OAK. 150— Nice furnished room to let
O'FARRELL. 624— R00m to It •
PINB. 1343 — Furnished room. - * /'.
PINE. 1898 — Furnished rooms. > „? C
PROSPECT aye.. 818 — Furnished rooms.
PALMER. 16— Furnished rooms - to ' let
PAGE. '. 278;— Furnished room for gentleman;
reasonable. . •
POST. 2424-rSunny front unfurnished room to
; rent..- ' ,
POLK. ' 133 — Furnished rooms, day, week or
'\u25a0' . month: - .-\u25a0 \u25a0 ' - . • ' .
POST. 2422— Furnished room *to rent
POST.^643' (The Maryland) — Furnished rooms
to let. . . *:,:\u25a0
PALMER, 16 — Furnished room to let
: POST. 502— Furnlghed rooma; rent reason-ble.
POST. 873, bet Leav. and Hyde — 2 handsomely
furnished rooms for one. . two ' or three gen-
tlemen: private bath with salt water: steam
heat, electric lights; excellent neighborhood.
PERRT, 1 82— Furnished rooms to let. .
PAGE, 20— 2 furnished rooms to rent -
PENN. ave., 1823 — Furnished room to let /
POLK. : 610— Nicely, furnished room for gen-
tleman; gas, bath, private family. . \u25a0
POWELL, : 615— Sunny" rooms, $8. $10;. gents.
POST, ' 223 — Furnished rooms to . let
PINE, C l32l— Small sunny room; reasonable.
PAGE. 278— One large ' room. 'sunny. • -'
PINE.t 704— Sunny , front suite. ' furnished ; gas
range. 'folding bed, $13.. :V \u25a0 • -. ..,-
POWELL, : 1311^Nlce * large sunny furnished
. room - t .with '.view; to bay, .$6 month.
POLK. : 603— Pleasant : sunny room for gentle-
- man. . ; <".' . V .- .• ..".; -. ;
POWELL^ ilos--Room to let.'
POWELL. 1422 A —Furnishe d. room.
POST,' 711— Furnished : room' to let" • "
POST."- 618 '(The Cummlngs) — Furnished rooms
:r.to^let. :. ': . . .-- \u25a0 y \u25a0 : \u25a0 --:•' - \u25a0
POST. ' 1109-^Furnished v room. to let .
POWELL, 604— Furnished rooms.". '..:-.
POWELL.- B06 — Large \u25a0 sunny room. "
JONES, 807 — Furnished room to let
JULJEN aye.. 16— Furnished sunny front room.
JESSIE, * 534%— Nice room to let; rent cheap.
JESSIE, 620— Nice room to let; rent cheap.
JESSIE,' 815— Room furnished. . \u25a0 .
JONES, 303 — Small room, very . sunny; run-
' ning .water; phone; convenient; $9.
JESSIE, 620 — Single or double sunny rooms;
light housekeeping, furnished. . •
JESSIE, 632— Furnished rooms; ' private.
JACKSON. 935%— R00m to let. . .
KEARNT, 229— Sunny rooms,: en suite or sin-
gle; -rent reasonable. Phone Black -4446.
KEARNT, 805. corner Bush— Rooms to let
-"\u25a0". 1 1:. '. - .
KENTUCKT. I— Room to let -
KEARNY. 805. corner Bush— Nicely furnished
. rooms; also light \u25a0 housekeeping rooms : with
\u25a0 gas and bath. \u25a0- \u25a0 ; .'\u25a0-..
KEARNT. 1303— Rooms to let
KEARNT, 818— Rooms to let
KENTUCKT place. I— Room to" let
LARKIN.« 1951— Rooms to let '
LARKIN. : 2612— 2 furnished rooms.
LAPIDGS, 6— Furnished room to let \u25a0 _^
LARKIN, BOS A— Single front room; gas, bath.
LYON, - 512— Furnished ; rooms to let . -. :
LEAVENWORTH, 1306— Furnished rooms to
let. .-•\u25a0 -\u25a0-.--- -' - - :•--\u25a0\u25a0-. \u25a0\u25a0-. \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0-i . .-\u25a0.. -
LINDEN, aye., 655 — Room/suitable for a
young. lady; private family, $5. \u25a0
LARKIN, 613 A, near Turk— Clean, sunny,
.nicely furnished rooms; rent reasonable.
LYON,' 637— Neat, : nicely ' furnished room, sun-
ny, near McAllister car line, couple of blocks
; from Panhandle of f Park; private family:
bath, : telephone: rent $6/ f . '\u25a0-
LTON, 1405— Furnished room to rent
LEAVENWORTH. 1005 — Alcove room running
water and, bath; furnished or unfurnished.
LILAC aye., 113 — Small hall room.
LILAC aye., 113 — Small . hall' room.
LOBOS aye., 216-^-Rooms to let
LA GUN A 90S— Front sunny rooms; gas range.'
1 1 Larkln,loo4— Front ' sunny rooms ; $14. . $2 50.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL 129 i Third st. — 400
\u25a0 elngle and family rooms,' 35c to $1 60 per day ;
? $2 -to $8 week; • the • only new and modern
\u25a0-hotel \u25a0 and rooming-house iln San Francisco
that has office on ground floor; hot and cold
"water, electric" lights, !call>bells,- steam heat
in every room, and gives free baths and ele-
•','•. va tor .'day: and night ; to its guests. -. \u25a0 v
MISSION,' 1626—2 nice, clean, furnished roomi:
, rent $5 and $7. ' ' .^
MISSION 1 . 923%— Single furnished rooms to' let
MISSION. 823— Rooms to let.
MOSS.iI-— Rooms to let. • "
MASON.S2OO4— Room, to.let
MINNA. 1309 — Furnished room to let.
MISSION. • 810— Room to ';le't. ' , >
MARKET/; 1241%'— Furnished rooms. - ;"
MISSION. 812— Furnished : room." ..- J. '.1.-'
MISSION, i 2260— Furnished rooms. .
MISSION, t : 292o— Furnished 1 rooms : to .let • ./. .',
MASON. 1717— Furnished rooms to let
MISSISSIPPI, 425— Furnished : : front ; room.?* -.",
MARKET. 759— Fine furn.' rooms; gas, : electric
\u25a0'lights, running water;' convenient; reasonable.
MILTON,! 113— Single i furnished room. to let- '
MINNA.-^n—Room to let. >' \u25a0 ,
MINNA. 90ti-Room, to ! let ti
BUTTER. 1115. near Larkin— Single room. $S:
small room, lower floor, $6. - . ,
SECOND. 37 — Rooms to let at the Webb
House: $150 a week. . . ..-- -- a .,J~jU- >>
SEVENTEENTH. 3717. near" Churcfs— Fur-
nished rooms to let ... \u25a0 -...
SUTTER. 2237 — Double and single famished
'rooms; reasonable. * ' " *-\u25a0•— -^' % !-, *;,
SECOND. 76 — Farnlsaea rooms by tne day; \u25a0
' week or month; slnzlo and en suite.
TWO large, nicely furnished rooma. •\u25a0$* per
month: 4 minutes' walk . from .Wlllo— and
Chestnut stations. ; . \u25a0. . . •
TAYLOR. 515B — Cozy sunny room. . clothes
closet bath, gas; ?1 75 per week. -\u25a0
THE Pierre. 579 O'F_rr«ll — Beautifully fur-
nlshed suite and single; reasonable. - -
TWENTY-SECOND. 3554, near Dolores— Fi— .
rooms, bath and double parlors; rent cheap.
TEH AM A. 253 — 8 unfurnished rooms; rent $UL*
THIRD. 247 — Famished room to let. -~^ \u25a0 •\u25a0;,
TEHAMA; 49— Rooms to let
TEHAMA. 810— A nice sunny room. ~«-
THIKD. 231 — Room to Itt -..'.'.
THIRD, 235— A nice front room to Wfc,
___ b ____ > - "^^*^^^^>
TEHAMA. 828%— Front room to It. *
THIRD. 87— Furnished room-. '\u25a0\u25a0"'-'.•
TWENTY-FOURTH. 2801—^Furnis_*d rooms U»
let \u25a0
TURK. 404— Nice sunny furnished — — —W
TEHAMA. 325— Nice sunny room to fart.
TURK. 1150. cor. Buchanan— Outside snanjf
- furnished room; reasonable; prtv-ttv ;
THIRTEENTH. 280 — Sunny front room.' »J
TW-N'ri-FOTrRTH. 823—FttT-_->ed room-, . .
Tirr::TT !i~fO*rr. ffttft> Tri fnrnistitl
rooms. \u25a0 - *
THIRD. CT— gnnny front room.
TURK. 411— Room- to let \u25a0
TWENTY-FOURTH. 8221— __rf» ft_T_sbti
room. ' . _________^___i__________^
TTLDEN. 24— Room to let - .-\u25a0 . -'\u25a0-, A.."
TWENTT-FOURTH, 8174— Nlftt gooaj -Pen*
room to lejt. , ' ' '-1
THIRTEENTH. . -23— Room to It. - >\u25a0 . -'•_ | *
TENTH. 479— Tarnished room-. \u25a0 -\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
TURK. 1186— F-rnlshed rooms.
T W KN T If -SEfVENTH, 227 — F_rnis_ed room te
let '.
TEHAMA. 2Ss— < nnj^trnlshed rooms; $!<\u25a0 \u25a0
TEHAMA. 252%— A room to le-. - - .^\u25a0\u25a0V
TUBK. 411 — Nlc* furnished roomsv house_s«p-"
. ing if desired. " \u25a0-*'-.• ..'
THIRD. 823— Nloe front room to lst./r " \u25a0 '• '
TENNESSEE. 1000 — Furnished rooms. " - .-
THIRD. 78— Furnished rooms.
THIRD. 73— Rooms .to Itt, •\u25a0
TURK. 816— Large single rooms for man aad.
; wife or gentleman.
TEXAS. " 443 — Rooms to Itt
TURK, 830. near little park — Three finely fur-
nished bedrooms for 3 persons; all con-en- "
iences; fine house ' and location: reasonable.
UNITED STATES.' I 23 Eddy. nr. Market 100
rooms. S3c to $1 night. $1 75 to $8 week: elec-
tric lights (no gas), . running 1 water ' in every
room; elevator. read.-room; free bus. baggage. ""•
UNION. \u25a0 082— Furnished room to let
VAN NESS.' 42l— Sunny corner: front and back
\u25a0 parlors, elegantly furnished; free phone; sult-
able for physician.
VERMONT. 1241— Furnished rooms to let
VAN, NESS' ave. HC7— Sunny single, furnished ,
rooms. . - - * ' i
VERONA place/ 22 — Furnished room ;to letr-l
reasonable. \u25a0 .' \u25a0\u25a0
\u25a0 :
VERMONT. 1241— F_r_s_ie« room to Itt.
BOOMS TO^ -.ET-rFitriu «-d Vntura.
MISSION, 737— Furnished roonis to I«t
MISSION. 823^-2 large sunny rooms, $2 to
$2 60 ' per week. " - '
MINNA. 274 — Sunny front room to let
MISSION. 1324— Rooms to let .
MISSION. 2752-^Larg'e front room to rent
MINNA. 607 — Furnished rooms to let
MINT aye.. 22— Furnished room "to rent •
MISSION. 819 — Furnished room. - - /-
MCALLISTER. 412, flat 4-Two furnished
. rooms. \u25a0 • \u25a0 \u25a0
MISSION. 2905— Furnished rooms.
.-. \ • •
MISSION, 2903 — Furnished rooms.
MISSION. 1273— Sunny front rootn.
MISSION. 1071— Room to let. - |
MISSION. 102— Furnished room to let
MISSION, 2934 — Furnished room to let
MARY. 28. near Fifth-Large front room. ll«tU
housekeeping; or - furnished room. _$7 ana
$8 per month. " , __
MARKET,- 254SA — A nice, sunny front roomi
. with or without piano; new house.
MISSION, 1208— Rooms to let - .
MISSION. 1624— Furnished rooms.
MISSION, 1038— Furnished rooms to'l«*.
\u25a0
MINNA. 1010— One room to let \u25a0
MISSION. 2245— R00ms to Itt; raw of b-t_. v
, :
MARKET. 993— Furnished room.
MARKET. -428— Room to let '
MASON. 2219— Furnished room to tot
MISSION. 2247— Furnished . room to let.
MARKET. 2428— R00m to let
MISSION. 1015— Furnished room to let
MISSION. 1428— Furnished rooms."
MISSION. 1149— Furnished rooms.
MASON. 1501— Rooms to let"
MINNA.. 1036— Furnished rooms. -";-'" .'
MARYE Terrace, 16. off Turk and Hyde —
Sunny furnished room for gentlemen.
MINNA. 1024%. off Eleventh, near Lafayette—
Sunny furnished room suitable for one gen-
tleman. \u25a0
MCALLISTER. 712 — 2 nice sunny .rooms; hot
and cold running .water; gas,' bath. . \u25a0
MINNA. 140— Furnished rooms' to let
MINNA. 735 — Back parlor room; sunny; suit-
able for. one or two gents; rent reasonable. -
MISSION, 2419— Newly" furnished suite of
rooms; gas and bath. f . - - j "V..-
MISSION. 925% — Nicely furaisued sunny bay-
window and other large sunny front rooms;
quiet house. •- .
NOE st. 579 — Small room for rent .'.-:.\u25a0•".
NOE, 1212^ — Furnished rooms.
NATOMA, 460%, near Sixth— A .nioe front
room for one or two; , private family.
NATOMA, 88 — Furnished roomos to let •
NINETEENTH. 2625— Furnished room to let
ROOMS TO LET— Ptirn. and ÜBfan-
HOWARD.'. 116_-l_rurnUhed rooms.
HOWARD, 675— R00m to let , ' \u25a0
HOWARD. 648B— Furnished room to let '
HAWTHORNE. B— Nice furnished rooms.
HATES. 474-^Nlcely furnished rooms to \u25a0 let
HTDE, 814, hear Butter— A nicely furnished
large room, $8; also one for $tt. '.
HARRIET, 977— Nice furnished rooms to' let.
HOWARD, 1 1315, near Ninth — Large, ipleasan'.,
.; sunny, newly furn. room; use gas, bath; also
.'\u25a0 hall • bedroom ; large ' closet ; gas ; bath ; rea-
sonable. \u25a0-: - -. .--.\u25a0 \u25a0,<.„-
HATES. 13ft, cor. Van Ness aye. — Small sunny
• rooms for gents} $6 60.: "..:'-;
HARRISON. 925— Furnished rooms to let
HAIGHT. '- 706— Sunny furnished rooms, j with
board If desired; private family.
HOWARD. 1876— Furnished room to let • '
HTDE, 230 — Three sunny rear rooms, $14 1 two
sunny rooms. $18; large yard. ' - '
HOWARD. 1086— Furnished rooms to let
-\u25a0 -t --.-\u25a0\u25a0 ... -...-\u25a0-\u25a0. , \u25a0 . \u25a0
HARRISON, 919— Room to let
HOWARD, -1085 — A nioe front, room In private
family. _.---. .; ,
HOWARD, 850— Furnished rooms to let ;
HARRISON/ 014— Furnished room to let
HARRISON. Usl— Furnished rooms to let
HARRISON, 1008— Furnished . room. /
HARRISON. 957—2 furnished rooms. '
\ ______ \u25a0 '
HOWARD. 2934 — Bunny furnished room.
HOWARD, \u25a0 1120 — 212 1 sunny single rooms for
gentlemen. - - : >
HICKORY aye.. IB — Furnished room to let
HOWARD, 660 — Furnished rooms.
HARRISON. 1006— Furnished room to let
HARTFORD. 31— Suite of 0 nicely furnished
rooms, $25. . : ;•
HOWARD, 2000A — Sunny front room to let
HAMPSHIRE, 949— R00m to let
HAIGHT, 92 — Furnished room to tot
HOWARD. 656%— Furnished rooms to let
HOWARD, 1139— Rooms to let
HTDE, 715 — Furnished rooms to let
HARRISON, 1416 — Sunny front room to rent
HOWARD, 529 — Furnished , rooms. - ; ;
HAVES, - 1787, . cor. Masonic aye. — 1. 8 or 6
newly and completely • furnished rooms \u25a0 with
piano. ; • . . . \u25a0
_ _ .
HILL, 12%— Front room to let ',
JONES, 444 — Nicely furnished rooms, single or
en . suite, or . whole flat - •
JONES. 700— Nicely furnished front suite.. .
JESSIE, CIS — A furnished' room to let
JACKSON, 1306 — Sunny room to let; single.
JESSIE, .328— Fine sunny rooms to let
JESSIE. 472^ — Furnished rooms. *
JONES. 810^ — Furnished room to let
ROOMS TO LET — Fora, and TJnfnr--
PLEASANT' furnished front room to rent In
• a private family. 11 Erltson court, off Post
near Devlsadero st .
KIO VISTA HOTEL. 253 Third St.. nr. How- "
ani — New house with modern conveniences-
rooms en suite and single: rates by day 3$A
up: by week. $2 up: batha free to gue_ts.
RAUSCH. 71— Furnished rooms to let
RAUSCH. Sl— Furnished rooms to let.
RITCH. 247— R00m and \u25a0 board. ' '
RITCH. 326— Sunny front room. -
RAUSCH, 49 — Two nice furnished rooms; on*
$10. and the other $6; one room bay window.
ROSE aye.. 135%— Large sunny front room
to let; $7; no sign. .
SUNNY furnished rooms for gentlemen; $1 to
a week and ux>. ,S8 Stockton st.
STEVENSON. 631— One nicely furnished single
. room. - . .."
STEUART. 05— FurnisheTJ rooms to Ist
SEVENTH. 140— Furnished rooms, opposite
new I post . office.
SILVER. 91 — A -Hie* room.
SIXTH. 41ft— Rooms to let
SACRAMENTO. 1064— Furnished rooms to let.
SUTTER. 25S3— A nice furnished room, sult*-
ble for on« or two gentlemen.
SHOTWELL. 728 — Furnished room, to Ut
SACRAMENTO. 8263— R00m to let
SIXTH. 119— Famished rooms.
STOCKTON. 1906— Rooms to Ist," '
STEVENSON. 54T— Sunny f_rn_— «d foomst
cheap. - \u25a0 - - \u25a0
B-JT-'KK. 2311— y-T-i-_ed.room.
SHOTWEL—v 723— Furnished rocmi to )«C
SEVENTEENTH. 8891— Furnished room to*
rent ' .--\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .
SOUTH PARK. 182— Room to 11 -
SECOND. 87— Furnished room to wet. \u25a0
SECOND. 115%— Nice sunny rooa— .
BUTTER. 2502— Furnished room to 1-t.
SANSOMEv 621 — Sunny furnished room- to let
SOUTH PARK. 178— Furnished mama to lt
SEVENTH. 112 — Sunny front room; •!•>
gantly furnished; gentleman. \u25a0 •• ' -y - -
STEVENSON. 654^ — Furnished room to let.
STEVENSON. B2s— Rooms to let
STXTH. US— Rooms to let
SHOTWELL. 424^— Room to let ' , .
STOCKTON. 1530— Furnished room to : let
\u25a0 . .. ;.
STEVENSON. 79— Furnished room to I-t
STUART. 2012 (Berkeley)— To rent.* $12. __tg»
front room suitable for two gentlemen.
STEVENSON. 564. opposite new postof flee—
Furnished sunny rooms. $5 and $7.
. \u25a0
SOUTH PARK. 56 — Sunny rooms.
SIXTH. 101%— Furnished rooms.
SOUTH PARK. 35%— Furnished room*.
_______ -- \u25a0
SOUTH PARK; 117— Rooms to let. .- -
STEVENSON. 277 — Rooms to let V
ROOMS TO • LET— Furn. ." nnd :' IT-.-_rn.
\u25a0 ABHWORTH HOTEL, '" r " '
G2O Mason st. bet. Geary ane O'Farrell.
Rccms with ]. or"- without rpnvafe bath. '\u25a0/, .
New addition ,Ju6t completed; ".entire chouse
newly, renovated ; sun in rooms all day. - -
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth 5 st— Rooms
20c to $1 per night $1*25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; \u25a0 open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms 25c to 50c. $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10. week; house open air night .'
AS T IBY aye., 21CS (Berkeley)— Sunny furnish-
ed room to let.'- \u25a0'-.- \u25a0 -\u25a0 " " ' - '\u25a0- .*'"-' '• - •
ASH aye.. 12— Furnished room \u25a0to let^
ARMT. 4032— Furnished room. '\u0084-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
AVERT. 6— Furnished rooms to let
AVERT. 6— Rooms to let" .\
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store; 2 en-
trances, 1126 - Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights, running water in every room;- 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week
BUSH. S2B, room 4. : 3rd floor— Two rooms.
BRTANT. 509— Furnished room 'to let
BRTANT, 2783— R00m to let -
BRTANT. 965— Furnished rooms.
BUEH. 1253— Large front room. $8 per month.
BUSH, 806— Sunny alcove and single room for
gentlemeni references; no sign. ,
BROAD WAT. 447— Rooms to let
BRODERICK. 400— Room to let
BUSH, IQQ7 — Apartment rooms.
BUSH, 1127— Room to let ' ' '"
BUSH. 2444 — Sunny furnished room.
BUCHANAN. 8062— Furnished \ sunny front
room, refined gentlemen; private family. \u25a0 v ,
BRODERICK. 608 — Room to let
BUSH. 763 — Furnished - rooms to let ,
BERNARD. 79— Room to let
BUSH. 612— Furnished room to let .'..'
BUSH, 2444 — Furnished room to l»t ,- .'- > \u25a0
BAKER, 1518 — Furnished room to let
BOBWORTH, 217 — 8 rooms to let . v
BUSH, 1016 — Furnished rooms.
BRTANT. 417%— Rooms. \u25a0
BRTANT. 628%— 3 unfurnished rooms to let
BRTANT, 511 — Furnished room to let. "
BUSH. 1016^ — Furnished rooms.
BRTANT. 2545 — Furnished rooms to let
BRTANT. 412 A —Rooms. \u25a0
BRTANT, 2796 — Two furnished rooms to let \u25a0
BROSNAN, 81, near Guerrero— Two unfurnlsh-
ed rooms. . '- ' '\u25a0
BARTLETT. 279— Bunny room.
CLEMENTINA. 44— Front room. to let
COLE. 846— Room to let
CLARA, 136 — Nice furnished room to' let
CLAT. 612—4 rooms to let. > '
CENTRAL aye., 604. Alameda — Furnished
room. \u25a0 \u25a0 -. . - - - \u25a0'Continued From Pasre Forty-Six.
CQMMfiRGiAL^£WS
\u25a0'A The , depositions of Lewis H. Basch and
Lieutenant Fortescue, both of whom are
named: as .co-respondents, were read to
day -at the opening \u25a0of l the hearing for
the defense. \u25a0 Both depositions v were dis
tinctly-favorable to -the defendant. Both
also denied the charges against them, as
stated in Captain Taggart's petition.
WOOSTER, Ohio, Aug. * 19.— Judga
Eason rendered his decision to-day in re
gard to the motion ; filed yesterday ... to rule
out the charges against the principal men
named as co-respondents in the Taggart
divorce case.- Judge Eason said he would
dismiss i the charges against Captain
Richter and against '\u25a0{ Clinton Spencer of
Chicago, but i that he - would not dismiss
the charges against General Miners Lieu
tenant .Fortescue, Captain Bash and Wil
liam .Taggart.^ \u0084...',,
In ' regard '•, to : the ; letters, Judge ; Eason
said ithat^ half the charges against Miner
in connection "with i the imprisonment of
Taggart ; were I not disproved, and \u25a0 Major
Taggart- would have 'been justified in
writing almost any kind of a' letter to get
out of prison.' •; ' -
k. The court went at length into the other
charges, and severely scored Miner,' For
tescue, Bash 'and William' Taggart, \ say
ing ,that the : evidence *so far produced
must "be disproved or it was against
them.-,,-; .- c:' ; i' ;^ : . '>: . •
Evidence Produced in the
Tag£:art Divorce Case Is
Strongly Against' Them.
MUST PEOVE INNOCENCE
General Miier^ Captain Bash
and Lieutenant Fortescne
Arraigned by the Court
JUDGE SCORES
ARMY OFFICERS
, William' W.; Dean, age 93,^recently c cele
brated I his' blrthdav '\u25a0 byjworkingjf ull itime
at ; his f desk I in » the I Treasury I Department
at Washington: \u25a0:• ' ' ' y "^^^^^ l
\u25a0: ;..• Professor John ] K.~r Blaine, Vwho ; has just
s retired = from \ the j chair \ of I music? at \ Har
\u25a0 yard, 5 ! is 1 66 J years |old. ! *^Fo'r i just % half \ his
: lif e *he iwas \ connected ;i,with 'the * depart
' meiit X of | music I at | Harvard,*!; first I as '"> in-^
' structor J and \ afterward fas! full i professor,*
having been;; the '\ first t occupant^ of the
chair. * < • \u25a0 "
, SAN JOSE,' Aug." 19.— W .: H. Mc-
Gowan, . a , laborer, ,was beaten i into" ih
aensibilty_at Palo ."Alto -last night by
four ; thugs '. and robbed; of ; Jll • 65. > The
robbery about 8 o'clock' oh
University ' avenue^ .' in :; . the V, center i of
town. 1 :\u25a0\u25a0 Hifl i cries attracted the attention
of ;' citizens.^who » came * to}, his relief las
the- highwaymen i ran f away. \u25a0..'. • ':-. "\u25a0" \u25a0
; McQowani had; taken \ a -.walk : i. toward
the : university.: Suddenly i a man
out from- behind a bueh/and*struck him
in'i the \ face i wlthla ,\ sandbag, and « a : sec
' \u25a0•. ond ' man j hit V him ; on v the "\u25a0. head with fa'
club.'; , Theyl then! searched itheiri victim 1
and continued' toiklck and beat hinvun^
til he ,was unconscious. '"/* He has a- deep
cut Jon- the head . and a badly; '\u25a0bruised
facc^'v .. . V- v : :"-- : \u25a0\u25a0/'.].:\u25a0 ', \u25a0'-'.;\u25a0-./ '/-."" ; :; ' :"'\u25a0\u25a0.
j- '-.;•: Four] suspicious characters i have .been;
seen hanging about f the -."'.vicinity %£ tor
some time -and <these; are;. suspected of
the - robbery. >>; McGowan, l^ who ; is ./about
30 J years ; of [age/j has ibeeni at ' Palo
for three or four .weeks. -\u0084.; '"\u25a0\u25a0:
Special Dispatch to Th« CalL
THEIR VICTIM
• Bid. Ask. l _ Bid. Ask.
Ande5:.......- 15: — J Hale ;& \u25a0 Norc. .. — 195
Belcher ..... — 15 Mexican 1 32Vi —
Best & Belch.l 80- — Occidental .;.l 25
Caledonia , . : . »46 — Ophir r. .....— 6 37^
Challenge .": . . 20 Savage . . . . . .. — : 71 ,
Chollar . . .... - 14 — Scorpion .. .... 08 \u25a0\u25a0 —
ContVa M Co.l 20 125 Sierra* Nev.... 34. —
Con 1 Imperial. v—; ol % Silver Hi 11..... 90 — -
Crown Point.. ' 14 •'; — Unlon^Con.... 48 —
Exchequer :*.: .60- — Tellow Jacket 21 .—
Gould,* Cur. 18: -.19 -, : :
* \u25a0•.;"-• :.-\u25a0.-' v" \u25a0-' ' ' Tonopah » District. .-.-..\u25a0
Belmont ...1 55 1 62H Mlzpah Ex ... — 15
California ... 07- ;— Mont Ton.. 3 12H' 3 15
Cash 1 Boy r ... 21 :24 NY .Ton Con.-; 20 -21
Gold .'Anchor.. —1 00 North - Star.*. ..; 51? 60
Great \u25a002 — Ohio v..v. ;.'... 33 :—: —
Home:..".. 10; 11 Paymaster \u25a0.*.. 02^ C 3%.
Home'Ccm '. ' — 12 Rescue*.'....... — 10
Ind .Tonopah.. .01%" C 2 S Nev Dev. .". "** — 15
Jim i Butler-.. SO • — Ton ; Exten -V.'. 575 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-~.
Lucky tTom..' — 17 Ton :of • Nev.l4 00 15 W
MacNamara.: 40 42 United \u25a0 Ton ..— -.15
Midway ...r.l 75 ?;— lWrst: End- r;. .— "110
I i^;v. Goldfleld.: District. '; . \u25a0\u25a0 . '
• Adams ...... 04 "C 5! Jumbo' Ex ;.... 18.*:80
Austin ....t. ; — ;311Kenda11. ....... 13 s —
' Black ; Butte .'; -23 — Lone - Star . . r — 12
Blk 'Butte 'Ex . 02% 04 MayiQueen .. — 20
Black "Rock.::— 02^ Mohawk ....V — 20
Bluecßell ... 04 .— NevJ Goldfleld/ 17 20
Blue Bull: .;. 05 15 Oakes \:;.::.% — 09
Brooklyn .... 1 02 05 Oro: ..........— 0i
Columbia' Mt. 20 —Pa Goldfield. ." 01 02
Diamond .... — 15 Red r Lion .... — 05
Diamondfleld. "— ' 43 Red, To p\u25a0.*...\u25a0. -38 40
Dixie . :..:... 15 — Red Top ' Ex: v — 04
Frisco^.'-.:.?.: ' — ?20 Strives t^::.".. .17. IS
Qldfld G Dust - 11 \u25a0 — Sandstorm •.:..' . — - -..- 62
Gld &G Reed. — 10 Sandstorm* Ex." 07. • .C 9
Gldfld L Star. — 08 Silver Pick ': ..10 ' - 12
Goldfleld Nev. 56 — Simmerone ;.. 20. —
Jumbo M Co. ,75 77|
k ; -\u25a0.;\u25a0; :'\u25a0.-"-'"\u25a0\u25a0 '>\u25a0;". : Bullfrog ! District. -
Umargosa .V. 01 ; 10 Llge t Harris: .. 02 • —
Beatty' Blfrg. \u25a0—\u25a0 ,11 Mont. Bullfrog, i 08; 10
Bullfrog Anx. \ — .07 OrlgS Bullfrog. 23 25 i
Bullfrog .Belle •08 — Shoshone 1 :.... 10 11 j
Bullfrog ' Mm. , 55 L — Vista : Grande.. -— 12
Bullfrg . N : Blc -23 • 25! Wolverine '. . .. — 11
Eclipse';.".;'.". 36 "381 ' -'
.-\ -;.-, [MM^UJj'y. Other Districts. .
Brown >; Hope.. : 16 '—iPine : Grove*.: 20 25
E3peranza \u25a0:..".'\u25a0 00% 01 Ray & O'Brien 05%-cs
Free '-\u25a0 Gold ; . . . — - 15 Rothwell .T. . .' — 25
Oold Mf Con.— C 2 Silver Peak -r.— . 21'
Kawlch Gold : ,'- : - 071 Ton \u25a0 Berkeley.. :': '— •'. 20
\u25a0 Nev ! Sunshine •14 —I Ton \ Gold :\u25a0 Mt. v; 09 —
At the French penal colony. Noumea,'
New Caledonia, the" convicts have organ.-*
lzed a band. The leader 13 a notorious
murderer. • The cymbal player killed a
subpena server and the drum player mur
dered > his landlord with a hammer. The
assistant bandmaster chopped his wife to
pieces. .\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0':
VALLEJO, Aug. 19.— With his pockets
full of gold. Joseph C. Mitchel, a well
known" resident of St. Helena, was found
lying . alongside the railroad track in
South Vallejo in \u25a0an '\u25a0 intoxicated slumber
this morning." Chief of Police Stanford
was notified and took Mitchell to the Po
lice Station, where he as being held pend
ing ; his . sobering up. '
afternoon the Chief received a tel
ephone message from San Francisco from
a woman who claimed to be the -wife," of
Mitchell; asking that Mitchell be kept
locked up until she arrives here to-mor
row." She said that Mitchell had. sold
some ! : property in" St. Helena and- that
they started to San Francisco together,
but that \ Mitchell got off the train at
South Vallejo and , wa3 too - drunk to
board the ferry. She then continued on
her way to San Francisco alone. . -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TAKES TOO MUCH
VALLEJO WHISKY
Colehan — 10 NT Ton Con. 17. 20
Eula Con ... —'17 North Star.:.. 69 -CO
Gold Anchor.. 90 * 92b0h10 Ton . . . . 34^ 3tf
Gold Mt — OS Red Rock Ex. — - 15-
Gold ; Mt > Con. — 01 Rescue .... ... 09 \u25a0\u25a0 10
Great 02 04 Ton Exten . ..6 00 625
Ind Tonopah.. 01 03 Ton Home Con 08 OJ
Home ......; 10 — Ton Sly & Gld 15 . —
Jim Butler .. 92 . 93 Ton of Nev.l4 00 14 25
J^Butler Ex. — 20 Virginia 10 —
Little Ton: ..1 75 2 25|We8t End ...1 CO 1 10
. - ,Goldfield" ; District.,
Adams ...... 04- C 5 Hibernla ..... 10 .—
Atlanta ...... 07 C 8 Highland ..... — 26
Aurora .... .-10 12 Jumbo M Co..' 75 . 76
Black Ants \u25a0 . . .—. — •04 Jumbo Ex . . . 15 < 16
Black Butte.. 24 2S Juno... — 01
Blk Butte Ex 02 04 Kendall ...... 13 15
Black Rock.. 02~T0; Kendall Ex .. .:— ; ID
Blue - Bell *'.v. 04: 05 Lone Star \u25a0\u25a0... 09 10
Blue Bull ... — 10 Lucky Star .. — 04
Brooklyn .... 01 02, May Queen . . 18 20
Butte Gldfld.. sf» ' OOtMohawk 15 36
Bull & Bear. 02 03 Nevada Boy ".. 13 . —
Booth M Co. .OS — Nev Goldfield. 15 20
COD '...... 25 — \S«v Southern. 14 —
Columbia .... 14 15lOakea — 10
Columbia Mt. 16 19 Oakland .:...— 10
Conqueror ... 11 15 0r0 '..........— 05
Diamond .... — 15 Pennsylvania.. 01 02
DJamondfleld. 40 42 Potlatch ..... 06 —
Dmdflri Trngl. — .19 Red Lion ...... 03 04
Dominion ... —^20 Red Top 38 39
Dixie ........ 14; 15 Red -Top Ex.. 01 02
Empire ..-...' 06 07 Sandstorm ."..'. 60. 62
\u25a0Exploitation.. — 04 Sandstorm Ex. 06 -09
Fawn~ ....... 05 —Sherman ...... — 25
Frisco ...... 08 10 Silver Pick .. 11 13
Gold Dust ... 03 ,l/7|Simmeron6 ... 20 25
Gold Hill ... — 04 St Ives .16 '17
Goldfleld Mm.. 55 V; 56 -Treasure ..... .07 .10
Gld & G Reed \u25a0—-- 10 Verde ......... 02. 04
Gldfld - Rand :. 05 '06 Verna1 ; ....... 03 —
Goldfleld Ton. — 05 Wonder ...... 02 03
Great Bend .. 05" 08}."; .; :
v> Bullfrog District. . .
Amareosa .• . 08 10 Gold Bar . '.". . 19 20
Amethyst .... — .16 Glrtfld Bullfrog — 10
Bis; Bullfrog. 12 - — Llse '\u25a0 Harris. . . 02 OS
Bonnie Clare. — 85 Mont Bullfrog. 07 08 i
Bullfrog Mln. 60 ; 64 Orig Bullfrog. 24 25
Bullfrog Anx. 03 05 Red Dog .... 12 —
Bullfroir Com 05 07 Shoshone ..... — 10
Bullfrog Ex.. 11 18 Shoshon B Gld 25 '
Blfrg Jumper.-: — 11 Stelnway. .'..;. 17 IS !
Bullfrg NBk 23 25 Ventura ...... II 12
Den Bullfrog. 20 . 21 Vista Grande./ — C 8 ;
Den Blfg Anx -— '03 Wolverine .... 05 10
Eclipse .......37 .38 ;.'
. '. ;\u25a0 'Other Districts.
Brown Hope.; —:14F Paymaster ..; 02 03
Congress . ..V 15 - — JRay&O"Br!»n 06 ,07
Ecperanza ... ' — OlfUocco Hmstke 40 \u25a0 —
Gold Reer M. — 25! Rothwell ... .. — 26
Gold Reer Ex ' — 26! Silver Peak .. — 17
Kawich &B. — 13| Southwestern.. — 25
Kawlch Gold . — 05! Sylvanla .....? — 20
Kawich MCo — ;11 Tokop Con ... — C 8
Lida Hawk .. 45 — 1 \u25a0'. y
- TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
; * Following were' the • sales on- the San Fran-
Cisco and Tonopah Mining; Exchange yesterday:
c . '\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0;.. 9:309 :30 • a.V m.*"' Session. * .
200 Con Va M.I 22% 1000 ' Qrlg'tBlttl. b6O 24
SOO Ooldfleld . Mln. « 06 ;000 Rescue, b 60. ; .11
1000 Home ..:.'.'.. 10 5000 Rescue, b 30.. 11
5500 Home C0n,b30."10 300 Savage ....:.".'. 's!>
3Co'Jack Boy ...".' 37 1000 st' Ives r. :::. 17
200 Jack 80y.'..*. : *» .800 Ton Blmont.l «2U
2500 J Butler.". 610. ,90 600 Ton C 80y.b60 25
-SCO Mont ..Ton .. .3 15 1700 Ton Midway. A SO
2000 Ohio .". . ... . ; 34 15C0 Ton N Star. . : FR
100 Ophir, b 5. ".7 00 800 Union C0n. . . . 82
100 Ophlr :...... 7 00 •
'{*.',. "11 "a. Sm. : Session. ,*,<.':
500 Black " Butte .H 251 .100 Ophlr .........6 50
500 Cent Eureka;.l 35 . 100 Ophlr ...:.. 6 37*5
300 Con Va M Co.l 15 300 Ophir. b 30. .6 50
5000 Ind Tonopah.. 02 ; 200 Ophlr, b:30.6 37^
700 Jlm:Butler, .. \u25a092 200 Savage :......; 67
1000 MacNamara. . 40 300 Ton Belmont.ll «3
1500 M'Nmra, b 30-41 300 Ton;Blmont.l 62%"
* 600 Mexican .....1:25 20C0 Ton Cashßoy 22
500 Mont Ton .T. 3.15 300 Ton Mdway.l 82%
600 MtgyShOshn.l 90 500 TonTMidway. .1 SO
ICOO Nat Bk.jb 10. 24 500 Union Con.blO.SO
3500 Ohio :....... 35 \u25a0 /\u25a0 ,- s
.\u25a0 CLOSING' QUOTATIONS. •'v
. Comstccks. •-.; ". '...N. .
/NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— Headquarters*
detectives continued to-day their efforts
to discover ; who manufactured : and sent
infernal machines to Jacob* S. Schiff, in
the ; offices of : Kuhn, Loeb^-& . Co.,
and to': the Guggenheim Sons Company
on Friday. No arrests were made,
and, so far as could be learned, no defi
nite clew was uncovered/ but ' the reports
of \u25a0 the detectives to - Acting Captain* Mc-
Cauley were of such a character as to
cause him to SDeak of . the affair In a'
serious way to-night.
, Captain McCauley. said it" was his be
lief that the boxes were built and mailed
by ' a crank, .whose motives were difficult
to understand.' He would not be sur
prised if other • bombs came to light ' In
the financial ! district In a short time.
- In : the ;af ternoon two , men visited ; po
lice '' headQuarters and insisted that the
bombs were the work of nihilists and that
international action should be ' taken at
once; The police; spoke of these men as
"two somewhat excited persons" , and
were Inclined to regard their mission as
of no consequence." Whoever,, the ."ex
cited persons'* : were, they insisted that
New York was imperiled by Russian
nihilists and that the State Department,
Japan 1 and any. other power that mignt
be made serviceable should be called in
to carry on the . investigation.
• Members .of the Guggenheim . company
smiled as they talked about the bomb
affair, and, like those in Kuhn/ Loeb &
Co.'s office, said that. mall packages
for a few days would be handled very
gently. Arthur. T. Russell, assistant
manager, said :
"It is quite likely-: that some: person
had lost, money in stock speculation and
imagines that our firm and Kuhn, Loeb
& Co. .were responsible .for, the change
in the market." •
Special Dispatch' to Th* Call.
; \ Fifth ! Division-fpivislon : marshal, ?J. H.
Ault; >1 band; . Steam^ Engineers 1 No. 64;
Hoisting Engineers ; No; 59 ; ; Felt ; arid \u25a0Com-"
position \u25a0: Roofers 5 No; J 1; 1 Slate^Tile i i and
Terra V Cotta i Roofers ;\Tent f and { Awning
Makers J No.f 1 ; ; Building 5 Material £Team
Drivers 'if. Laborers \ Protective i Union No.'
8944; \u25a0 House' Movers.^ ;;:vv~:,. :; . : r":V : ;>" : .. ; :
l"» Sixth Divisions-Division: marshal, A. D.
Porter;? ' Boiler-maker 25; SBoiler
makers | Not }?205; | Boiler-makers | No^ 14«;^
Boiler-makers' No,! S74 ',\ Boiler-makers iNp.j
410; ; : Riggers \u25a0 arid : Stevedores ; . No. 222. ! ' -":;,
: Second ?! Division— Division , - marshal,
Thomas J. Farrell ; , band ; Plumbers, - Gas
and 2, Steani 1 Fitters h No: <442; Steam v Pipe
Boiler I Coverers; \ Bridge ,'1 and *: Structural
Iron \ N0.".: 31; ,v Housesmiths * and
Architectural ; Iron'Workerß • No!-78;'Elec
trical-Workers r No./ 6; l' Wood, 'Wire { and
Metal t- Lathers -:No. ';.- 65; "'« Amalgamated
Sheet f Metal? Workers ; No. 104; fAmalga
mated \ Sheet : Metal Workers No/'. 279; : Gas
and i Electric Fixture- Hangers ; Brass) and
Chandelier Workers rNo. 5 158; ;"; Elevator
Constructors; No/ 8; Elevator Conductors
and = Starters/.- :': ; V"'
\u25a0A. Third - Division— Division , marshal, ij A.
Fawke ; band ; -;-, Golden, \u25a0;•' Gate >"; Lodge 'of
Plasterers -; No.t" 66; ; San <} Francisco tßrick
layers ; No. 7; Laborers'.; Protective -'Union ;
Hod 1 Carriers; -\u25a0 Cement .Workers ; No.j 1 ;
• Journeymen Stonecutters; ; Stone Sawyers ;
Granite ri Cutters; S Marble":- Cutters .and*
Finishers,' 7 Local ; No.* 44 ; '. Casters and Modf
elers ; c Brick, Tile ; and iTerra . Cotta'Work^
ers t No.* 62; "Ceramic,"; Mosaic,':' Encaustic"
and ; Tile t Layers \ No.'' 48 ; * Patent - Chimney
Builders No.* l. 1 ;/ - V :.: vv
lo; Fourth fi pivißton-rrDlvision .marshal, _ : F.:
P. 7 Nicholas ; iband ; : Carpenters : Union \ No."
22 ; • Carpenters { Union i No.t 483 ; ;\; \ Carpenters
; Union! No/; 95*; £ Carpenters i-Union f No. 1 423 ; J
Carpenters ; Union ; N67L786;
ion > No? 422 {''Amalgamated | Society^ of t Car
penters'< No/; 803; jWood > Carvers and' Mod^ '
elers; ;XShinglers ; Union'^No. \u25a0 1; i Lumber^
Clerks^";;:":;: /\u25a0'. ..-,. ::\u25a0';. '^y : -., : cSjC'-j'^. r- F - ? -';
Each division marshal appoints (two
aidsjjeach union selects its own marshal;
said . marshal - to : - have I full control of . his
union; "he to appoint his.aids; and to sup
port i and i assist j the division marshal. It
will be the duty of the division marshals
to see that their respective \u25a0 divisions 'are
lined up In proper ordtr, ; and .to so \u25a0 re
port to the grand marshal. or his aids be
fore 9 a. m., the : time ; set \u25a0. for \u25a0 the parade
to ? move. All : marshals : and aids i will be
mounted and wear black soft.f elt hats
and riding gloves. ; . . : y
The following regalia will ;be worn:
Grand marshal, sash,^ red, white/and
blue; aids i to? grand / marshal; sash, blue
and white; guard of honor, sash, old gold;
division marshals, sash,; red : and \,white;
aids . to marshals, . sash,' purple;
'union ' marshal, : sash." blue; aids . to union
marshals, sash,, white. -; " ;
The council will . supply -. and deliver/^ to
all marshals and aide all regalia' on Sun
day, - September 3, ;\u25a0 at ; 2 ' m.,' in <Unity
'Hall,'-- Building ..Trades' Council's headquar
ters,' at which meeting matters ; of ; ; vital
Importance \ as;, well "as | tlie distribution ;of
regalia will be: attended 'to.- All marshals
and lalds, including ; division V and \u25a0 , union
marshals and aids, I are hereby notified to
be present at . said ,: meeting . at : said time
and, place.; V •.
'-'- Following Is the order. of procession:
"First Division—Division marshal,;. Harry,
F. Sheehan; band; v Painters',-. Union i : Nc%
19; .auxiliary to; Painters' ; Distric- Coun
cil, : Golden ' Gate No.? 1; Varnishera' - and
Polishers'.: No. 134 ; : Sign '( and 5 Pictorial
Painters ; No. 510; ; Paint r Burners "% No/ 962;
United - Glass Workers; : Carpet '4 Mechan
ics ; ' Window ; 6hade Workers; S Furniture
Handlers. \u25a0 ;, ; ; " \u25a0 '
Second -division will form an Clay
street, . , with union haying the right of lino
right resting on the | southeast - corner
of Clay. , street -and Van Ness -avenue.
Other unions in this vdlvlston*, to form
according to their order, in the parade.
Third division will form on< Sacramento
street, ; with union : having s, the fright -• of
line right resting on the southeast corner
of Sacramento street and Van*" Ness ave
nue. Other unions in this division' to
form according to their order In -the
parade. '
Fourth division will form on California
street, with | union having the rights of
line right resting on the southeast corner
of .California street and Van • Ness ave
nue. Other unions in this ; division to
form according to . their i order .in the
parade.:' # - . ; ; . i' •
Fifth division will form ; on Pine r stieet,
with union having the right; of line right
resting on> the southeast corner of Pine
street and Van Ness avenue. .Other
unions in this division t« ; form according
to their order In the parade. ..„.
Sixth division will form on Bush . street,
with union having. the right. of. line right
resting Jon the southeast I corner of J Bush
street and Van Ness, .avenue. Other
unions in this division to form according
to their order in the parade. /
The parade will move at; 9 a. m.
sharp: from the southern line of Wash
ington 1 street and Van Ness avenue, . on
the east side of Van - Ness avenue .to
Market street, thence on the north side
of Market street to East street; v or: the
Ferry building, where ferry-boats "will
be waiting in sufficient numbers to take
all members to' Shell Mound Park. r ' \u25a0./
P. H. McCarthy, who will be grand
marshal,'.; has . appointed jthe T following
aids: L. Nolan, ThomtsF." Parkin
son, J. L. Fisher, "J. J. Corbett; Charles
A. Nelson,iM t _J(O.rJtoh.^2Jr j; '.;? v - 1 u^;' '_.-..
Guard "of "honor^-J.; A. . de "Vecmon,
Henry < Ullncr. , A.v C. V. Holmes, : yA. ;. E.
Fields, Eugene- A." Clancy,' M. J., Kir
wan," Joseph 1 McAulliff, f.W. % A.\! Nichols/
E. L. Poole, J. : J. Monohan, : J." J- Dono
van, E. J. P.; O'Reilly. : .
Division marshals— r First - division,
Harry ;. F. Sheehan ; "second ,f, f division,
Thomas rJ.'-Farrell;;* third" 1 division," A.
Fawke ; fourth division, j F. P. \u25a0 Nicholas ;
fifth division, J.H. Ault; sixth division,
A. D. Porter. :; .«.-\u25a0\u25a0
First : division > will form on Washing
ton street," with union having, the j right
of line right resting on the southeast cor
ner jof "Washington Btreet | and • Van | Ness
avenue. Other unions in this division to
form according to their order in the pa
rade. / .. ; . ; : \u25a0 -^'ij^
4 The parade will consist; of six divisions,
made up .: in the : following manner and
occupying rup ,to, tho time of moving
resting-places, to wit: \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 • \u25a0 , v :^-
,The preparations for a .fitting;celebra
tion of : Labor day / have » been - completed.
In order,' that too ' much ; time mayi not be
consumed { In * parading; the men of the
Labor Council and \u25a0. City . Front Federation
will; start from the city; front and: march
west, while the members; of the Building
Trades Council will march from Van
Ness; avenue and- Washington street to
the city.: front. * The Labor Council f will
hold Its literary; exercises at Eintracht
Hall and the Building 'Trades Council
will celebrate -at Shell Mound Park.
Mayor : Schmi tz \u25a0 will I review \ the parade
from a platform " at City; Hall 1 Square,
and,the judges who will award the, dif-'
f erent prizes -will • ; be ; stationed iat
Drumm and. Market streets. . - .
The Chief Organizations -to
Join :in Linei of March
With Emblems of Traces
Captain McCauley Expects
That Other Infernal Ma
chines "Will Be Sent
EICH MEN IN PERIL
TWO x BODIES T(> UMTE
New York Detectives Be
lieve Dangerous Crank
Is at Work in the. City
Army of Toilers Will Par
rade in Full Force arid
Hear Literary Exercises
LABOR UNIONS
TO CELEBRATE
BOMB-SENDER
NOT YET FOUND
THE^SAN? FRANCISCO] :CALU, }SUNDAY^^UGIJST^2O;; 1905,
45
\u25a0 : • where -\u25a0 services will ?.!>•'\u25a0 held . under \u25a0 the'- aus-
pioes of Germania, Circle Na*Bs.;U. A.O. D.
Cremation I. O. - O." j F. : Cemetery. : \u25a0 .
LOG AN— ln this city, ' August' 17, }. 1905, Cather-
-\u25a0\u25a0 me, beloved daughter > of i Stephen . and Nora
> \u25a0 Logan, and . ; loving -" sister of i Mary, .John,
' Joseph, Thomas, Agnes, William, Anna and
' the late Stephen Logan Jr., a native of Call-.
v fornla. aged 16 years 1 month and 4 days.
C?" The funeral ;. will >, take ~ place s Sunday.
- August 20 t at 9 a. m.; -; from. * her , parents
reeldence, 22 Liberty, street, thence to St.
James Church^ for services at 9 :30 a. m.' * In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery." ."
LOMETTI— In this city, August 19, 1905, Giu-
seppe, dearly beloved . husband: of Rosina,' Lo-
" mettl, loving father of Charles, ' Frank ' and
Emilia Lomettl. and brother of Maria Bar-
dellinl and Palmina Prlncival^ a native of
Saleesia, -; Province > of \u25a0\u25a0' Novara, • Italy, «ged
61. years and 7 months. \u25a0 ,
MASON— In this city, ' August 19. U905,'. at 613
Folsom street, Helen, wife of the late Phillip
C. .Mason, and loving mother of Phllllo C,
Mason, a , native . of - County v Cork; \u25a0 Ireland,
aged 49- years 11 months and 10 days." (Sac-
ramento. Cal.; and ? Boston, : Mass., ; papers
please copy.). • . v. • \u25a0 \u25a0 -\u25a0..
(CT^Friends and acquaintances !are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral | Tuesday,
at 2 o'clock p. m., from \u25a0 the funeral parlors
of Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment New I. 0.-O. F. Cemetery
(Colma), via electrio funeral car from Eight-
. eenth and : Guerrero streets. , .-\u25a0;,:.
McKENNA— In this '."city. August \u25a0 19, 1905,"
Frances McKenna, beloved i daughter of , Mr.
and Mrs.: J. W. Tilly, and sister of George,
Charles and Wesley; Tilly : and Mrs. . J. P.
Petery and Mrs. Arthur Blrdeey. .•....-..,; -
.' $y ßemains at the funeral parlors of the
H. F. Maaes Ccf., 917 Mission Btreet, near
. Fifth. " ..- .- \u25a0\u25a0'...- \u25a0...•'.,-.'.\u25a0• • \u25a0
RICHARDS— In this city, Auguet 19, 1905.
* Catherine Louise, ' beloved v wife of ; George
H . Richards, mother, of George iH. Richards,
and sister of William, Lillian and May. Nan-
kervle, a native of Virginia City, i Nevada,
. aged 26 years 8 months and 27 days. - (Grasa
Valley, Cal., papers please copy.) <.>\u25a0„:\u25a0•
C 7 Friends and z acquaintances are respect-
fully invited : to attend ." the - funeral - services
' to-morrow (Monday), August 21, at 2 o'clock
p. m., at. her residence, 61 \u25a0 Chenery \u25a0• 6treet.
: Interment Cypre»» Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage. - \u25a0 . \u25a0:\u25a0.-\u25a0 \u25a0.;.-'-. .. -.\u25a0 : -' : .\u25a0 . . -,-,\u25a0\u25a0, ,j.
RILET — Entered into rest, in this city, Au-
gust 18, 1905, Frank W. - , beloved eon of John
and the late Mary Riley, and dearly 'beloved
brother of Phillip Riley, Mrs. E. J. Heaney
and Mr«. P. M. Uurke, a native of San
Francisco, aged 36 yeara 7 months •' and -25
days. '
CTThe funeral will take place , to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m.*, from his late resi-
dence, 141 ' Converse : street, thence to 'St.
Joseph's Church, . where \u25a0a • solemn \u25a0 requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, at 9 a. m. - Interment Holy Crocs
Cemeterj*. , \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 • v
SHARPE— In this city, August 18. 1905, at her
residence. 1212 Mission street, Helen Ade-
laide, beloved wife of the late Dr. William
\u25a0 Bharpe. and mother of Daisy A., Mary.W.
of New York and Earle A. Sharpe . of Den-
l ver, Colo., and Mrs. S.M. Cox, a native of
Barsor. Maine. S^^QH^SSte«SSSifSK^^>*i
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
. to-morrow (Monday), August 21,- at 9 o'clock
a. m.. at the Church of the Advent,. Elev-
e nth street, near Market. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. • Remains at
the chaoel of Charles 'H.-J.'. Truman & Co..
1909 Mission street, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth. \u25a0 ...... - : ; ....
STEVENS— In this city, August 10, 1905, Jessie 1
Allen Stevens, beloved wife of Bernard A.
Stevens, and mother of Jessie Adeline Stev-
ens, a native of California. A member of
Mission Chapter No. 155, O. E. S.
CT'Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the funeral parlors . of the H. F. Maass
Co., 917 Mission street, near Fifth.
TERRY— In this city/ 'August : 18, 1005,
. Thomas, beloved husband of the late Joanna.
Terry, and father of - James - J., . John "C,
Walter F. and William L. Terry and Mrs.
C. R. Vanderv€>ort, a native of Boston, Mass. ;
C7"rhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), Auurust 21, at 9. o'clock a. m.,
from his late re«idence, 3110 Buchanan
6treet, thence to. St. • Brigid's -Church; for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. :
WHEELOCK— In this city. August 19. 1905,
Arthur J. Wheelcck, beloved brother. of E..
rW. Wheelock and the late William X.'
Wheelock and the late Mary .A. Gardener i
• of New York, a native r of New York, aged
59 years 4 months and 21 days. . r:.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the . funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. m., \u25a0 from . his
late residence, 550 Clayton etreet. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WULFF — In Belmont, Cal.. August 16, 1905,
Hans Wulff, beloved husband of Catherine
Wulff, and father of .Henry, John, Willie and
Frank Wulff and Mrs. 11. Trede and Mrs.
Daniel Fischer, a native of Hanover, Gf-r-
niany, aged 63 years. A member of George
H. Thomas Post No. 2,. G. A.' R.,' and Seven
Pines Circle No. 3. Ladies of G. A. R.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are .respect-
fully invited to attend tne funeral Sunday,
August 20, at 1:30 o'clock .p.-. m:,.' from. 220
Golden Gate avenue, where the services will
be held under the auspices of George H."
Thomas Post No. 2. G. A. R. Interment
George H. Thomas Post plat. National Ceme-
tery, Presidio. Remains at: the new funeral
chapel of- Theodor Dlerks, -432 Golden Gate
avenue, between Larkin and Polk streets.' .
. To the officers and members of Seven Pines
Circle No. 3, Ladies -of the G. A. - R. — You
are requested- to attend ' the funeral : Of our
late comrade," Hans -Wulff ,' Sunday, August
20, at 1:30 o'clock, ; from Red Men's build-
ing, 220 Golden Gate avenue.'.' - '
EMILY F.- RUSSELL. President.
ANNIE M. PHILLIPS. Secretary. \u0084
CARD OF THANKS.
The family of ' the late Mrs. Lydia Hart
with to ' thank ' their many : friende for their
klndnese and sympathy In their late be-
reavement. "^ ' THE FAMILY.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, M«r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
20 Fifth Et., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South . 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS;
— \u25a0 — -Funeral Directors and - Embalmers— r
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple. > if :
NOW at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 167. '
Between Fourth and .; Fifth. \u25a0 near 1 Fifth st
Finest Equipments at" Moderate Rates.
TELEPHONE MAIN 43.
N. GRAY &CO;, iric
FUNERAL* DIRECTORS.
Cyrus 8. Wright, president; Geo. " H. Clark,
vice president; Al P. Booth, treasurer; Harold
L. Wright,; Recretarj'- (
. 612-614 VAN, NESS AVENUE."
Between Golden Gate avenue and Turk street,
BAN FRANCISCO," CAL. . I-
fMcAvoy, O'Hara S> Co.
FPNERAI. DIRECTORS.
. Removed' to \u25a0'\u25a0 Their New.Parlors,",.. ;'\ "
: 261-271 HAYE3 ST.. epp. ST. IQNATIIJS CHnRCH ,
' ' Lady Assietants. Telephone South 247." '\u25a0 ;:
j.eo'copyivpß&GO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS
767 MISSSION STREET
TEL. MAIN 8617 ,
PLOTS;
In Odd Fellows' and* Masonic Cemeteries can be
_-,\u25a0..--: .«•\u25a0• exchanged v for Plots In . -- .
MT. OLIVET" CEMETERY.
For , particulars - ; apply at \u25a0-. City • Office,
GRANT BLDG.. MARKET & SEVENTH ST3.
TYPEWRITERS SUPPLIES.
JjST exceptionally rood No. 2 Remlngtcn. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; ether typewriters at
higher and lower price*: rentals. $2 50. The
-Typewriter ExcKarge.^ 636 California et.
ID-HAND typewriters sold." rented, repaired.
Webster Typev-ritlng InEpec. Co.. 50$ Market.
TO LEASE.
CASTLE. PAYNE A. McLEOD <Inc)..
8162 Twenty-second Bt: and 347 Bush «t.
. Two fine leu on Mission st. for long term
«< .years; will erect building to malt tenants.
>' Three blocks of land ne4r Twenty-sixth «t,
luitable for factories of any kind; will erect
czUdlnc* to suit any purpose on , any sized
pti cars on .streets on both sides of property.
t;OOMING-HOt:SE; brand' new; 44 rooms: on
Third st. 6AUNDERB & RAMACCIOTTL
- 415 Montgomery gt.
CARDS AXD rjrVITATIOXg. '
tWGRAVED~^edding invitation*. vlriUn* and
• tousineee cards, crttte, etc. ; High-class work
et mcderaie rates. J. H. DUNCAN. 126
Kearny. rooms 1»2. ' -i
JIAJIKIACE LICENSES.
The fcllcwlnir marriage licenses wgre issued
festerday:
John D. Beda, 31, 1008 Mission street, and
K&ry Bart a, 27. 41€7 TwenUeth etreet.
William w. Hanger, 21, Fresno, and Oara
7. gDooner, IS, Petaluma.
Harold R; Dimmick. 23. Marshfleld. Ore.,
fad Anna F. Brant, 18, 70 Stanley place.
Frank Stewart. 25. Santa Rosa, and Caddie
» Ktandley. 24, Santa Rosa. .
.Otto S. Thornburß. 27, Mc-Jave, and Eva P.
trant. 2S, ilolaxe. •\u25a0eam^u«tMH^^toHmt^t
Jeese Ham, SB. 24MU Bush etreet. and Ne-
beela Stumpf. 32, 2454 V 4 Bush street.
Francis Mollnari. 27, 1* Fourteenth street.
tn<l Mary Granuccl, 17, 14% Fourteenth Btreet.'
Oliver Recce, 32, 1841 Hyde street, and
Mrtha B. Burganne, 16. 1&41 Hyde street.
Frank HaskeM, 34, 106 Steuart etreet, • and
tinna Helander, 33, Ifi7 Clara etreet.
% Lloyd R. Uhienhart. 23, • Los Angelec, and
IJ-.i ta M. Domtngoez. 23. Los Angeies.
, Santos Bott'.ni, 23. S Ohio place, and Adele
hrv-dzo. Ife, 6 Ohio place. .
P^^sn^S^^^~^^sffßE3P?^t^?!^^is^'*^|^^y^BS!sTPßSfij^^^^^^^^^
icALI^^^UMITEDg
ICHICAGO T |N 3 DAYSI
Pf Leaves Monday 3 and Thursdays at E
H ' f»:?.O a., m. with Pipers and Sleeper»^g| -,
_ '_ Other Santa Fe Trains. \u25a0
S :CO: CO d" m" ] For Stockton. Fresno. Bakerafleld.
8:30 a! m!j • • Merced. Hanford and Visalia.
4 :C0 o! m > For Stockton.
7:30 a. m. < Direct connection for Yosemit*
9:30 a.m.! Valley 'and the Big Trees.
9:30 a. m.''For -Kansas City, Grand Canyon
$:00p.m.l and Chicago. ' \u25a0•* " .
9:30 s.m. 'For Oakdale and points on Sierra
-I . Railway. ' -
Ticket Office— 6s3 Market st. Tind Terry Depot.
San Franei»co: alao 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal. : also 27 South First. Ban Jose.
\u25a0 To SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY.
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD OAUGE.
Depart l week daya at 7:00. 7:43. ,8:25. 9:10.
9:30 11:00 a. m.; 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:33. 8:13.
8:50,; 6:30.' 7:15, 9:00, 10:15 and 11:35 p. m.
> Depart 1 Sundays and holidays at 7:15. 7:43.
815 8:45. 0:15, 9:15. 10:15, 10:45. 11:15, 11:«
a. m.: 12:1 V 12:45. 1:15. 1:45. 2:15. 2:45.18:15.
3:45. 4:15.-4:43. 5:15. 5:45, 56:15. 6:43, 7:15.
(7:43..- 8:15 for Sausallto only). 9:00. 10:13.
11 :35 p. ' xn.'^sBBBWHP | N|^SBBkJ* a P* IB MRSH
For Fairfax, week days— 7:43 a. v m.. 3:14
\u25a0 p \u25a0 m.'* "- 5:45 p. • m. -- Sundays and holidays—
7:45. 8:43, "9 -.15. 10:15. 11:45 a. m.. t:l5 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. "'/
7:45 a. m. daily — Cazadero and way stations.
0:15 a. m. Sundays and holidays — Point ,
i Reyes, i etc
; : 3:15 p. m. dally (except Sunday)— For Caza-
dero. - etc » \u25a0* »
-5:15 p.m. daily (except Sunday)— For Potnt
' Reyes, etc. -^"WAb«b*#'I | "5M| m *
i 8:15 p. m. Sundays and holidays for Ca*»-
dero, etc. -
TICKET. OFFICE— 6SO Market st.
FERRY— Union : Depot, foot ; of . Marltet tt.
jhJOß^m MEMMDWOME*.
AMikM\ 1 iMr^Mi Ci« Big «for vnnatoni
M3T>mlto?**T*B dlicharges.tafl«uaiaUo«s,
fltf OwutMTl Irritatloa* or nloerttioM
wmii r»t «• mlturt. "* of maooa* s«mbr*B«sv
P 4iti'*mU tma**m.*&, Painlesa, and \u25a0«* aetrtF
K»alTllEEiAK3aiE»l!si!.C«- *•** « poi»opoma^^
&•.*. 3^er *»nt in plain wr»w«k.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.^
CALIFORNIA NORTH WESTERN RY. CO.
Tlburon Ferry. F'»ot of Market Street.:
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 8:00. 9:00. 12:35. 2:30,
5:10/5:50. " V
SI'NDAY.S— 7:3O. 8:CO, 8.30 a. m.;- 12:35, 2:30,
5:10 p. m. .
SAX RAFAEL TO .SAX FRAX CISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:OS, 7:35, 7:50, 9:20 a. in.;
. 12:50, 2:40. -6:00. 5:20, 6:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:OS. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20 a. m.. 2:40.
4:50. 5:00, 5:20.. t>:20. 7:60, 7:5S p. m.
Leave \u25a0" I In Effect I ' Arrive
San Fran. I August 7, - 1905. ,[ San Fran.
\u25a0 W«ek t Sun- i ' ; \u25a0 Destina- * I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. 1 . • tion. | days. ( Days.
\u25a0..;-\u25a0- 7:30 a ' -. I I
7:30 a 8:00 a I8:40ai8:40a
"8:00 a 9:30 a ' Ignacio. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p «:oyp 8:2 Op
:5:10p 5:10 p 6:2t>p 7:20p
7:20?
, t \u25a0 - 8:50 p
i 8:00 a! 8:00 al Napa. I 8:40 a) 8:40 a
s:lop|s:lop{ '. '- \u25a0 \ 6:2(>pl 6:2Qp
-,7:80 a 7:SOa - - . 8:40 a 8:40 a
48:iK)a 8:00 a No^ato, 10:20 a 10:2o a
2:30p9:3pa Petaluma 8:20p 6:2 Op'
5:10p 2:SOp 'and •'.-' 7:20 p. 7:20p
"; '.\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0 5:10 p Santa Rosa. -. S:sop :
7:30 a 7:30 a • ~~~ ~~ 10:20 a|lo:2Oa
8:00 a 8:0Oa Fulton. . 7:20pj6:20p
\u25a0 2:30 p 2:30 p : '- \u25a0 \u25a0 8:50 p{ 7:20 p
\u25a0 .-".; Windsor,. 1 . , 1 \u25a0 "
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburs, ; - (10:20 a 10:20 a
':•--\u25a0-\u25a0• : Lytton." | ' \u25a0
-2:30p 2:30p \u0084, Gcyserville. j7:2Op 7:20 p...
\u25a0 ... Cloverdale. |" '.'".."
7:3 oat 7:3oa[ » 110:20 allf):20 a
;2:30p|2:30p|: andlTklah. I 7:20p! 7:20p
I; I. Willlts. .-;\u25a0 I -*-• >j
.7:3oa| 7:30 ap iShennrood.: f 7:20 pf- 7:20 p
8:00 a! 8:00 at Guernevllle and |10:2rt a|10:?O a
\u25a02:30 p| 2:30 pf Camp Vacation. | 8:30 pi 6:20 p
8:00 a S:0Oa \u0084'•• - ... 8:40 a 8:40 a
;5:10p 0:30 a . Sonoma. 6:0 Op 6:2:> p
. -. - 5:10 p ,r, r Glen -.Ellen. 8:50p
*7:30 a -7:30n • • ''.-\u25a0 10:20 a! 10:20 a
2-30 p 2:3 a p . . Sebastopol. . .7:20 pi 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p " '• ' - - -|
. \u25a0 STAGES - connect :at * Santa *\u25a0 Rosa for ; White
Sulphus \u25a0 Springs > and » Mark West '< Springs; tat
Fulton for Burkes 'Sanitarium: at Lyttnn •;«•
Lytton V> Springs; -*at "\u25a0 Geyscrville for: Skaggs
Springs;:at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Booac-
ville -and "Greenwood ;:at',Hopland» for i Duncan
Springs,' Highlan d.; Springs,- Kelsey vllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and'Bartlett
Sprlnpts: at Uklah for Vichy Springs, , Saratoga
Springs,- Blue Lakes. : Laurel Dell \u25a0 Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper- Lake, Porno. Potter -i Valley
John . Day's. Lierley's. .Hullville. . Orr"* Hot
Springs. ": Halfway - House. ; Comptche. : Hopkins,
Mendoclno ; City. - Foft . Bragg."- Westport. . Usai ;
at WiIHU for Hearst and Sawyer; at Sherwuoj
for .Westport/ Cahto, \u25a0 Covelo. Laytonville. Cum-
mins,-: Bell's : Springs. V Karris, t- Olsena, Dyer
Garbervllie. Pepperwood. Camp's." Scotia. and
Eureka." VC' ' E i'"» ' -'..\u25a0\u25a0".\u25a0\u25a0.' \u25a0>'- v. >\u25a0\u25a0
Saturday. to Monday . round-trip tickets at w-
duced'rates.'!."-- 1 -' i "'"•-•:\u25a0 \u25a0•*> \u25a0\u25a0--\u25a0-•- ; ': \u25a0--- > \u25a0..::\u25a0 .-..
viv On : Sundays^-Round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. r;; :-\u25a0-•• -\u25a0 - :
\u25a0' offtce. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 650 •• Market \u25a0 street.' " Chronicle
buildlnu." - \u25a0' • •
•r JAS. AGLER,' ';\u25a0> R.X. RTAN, ;
r • Gen." Manasrer. - ." \u25a0 Gen. Passi'Axt.'
JviT.TAMALPAis Railway
............ 7:4sa»^sHßil:3Sa 10;45a-
9:50a S:4Aal^^Sb7 1:O3p 2:55»
1:45p 10:15 a mg£9«V S:33p 6:28p
............ 11:15 a 3:32p „...:.. _
«B»tard«j 12:45p .'SSHr.-'ii 5:02p Utaiixj *
4:3sy{a:4Sp|ifc»ftß<nTit| 8:32p * li;is r
t\ T JUS ! 65 ° M'-Rkst >T..(North Shore Railroad)
i?fIC23 I and Sal^auto Fzslsx, Feet Market Sfr
RANTED— Day boarders. At 759 MUslon et.
CHEAPEST end best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
ROOMS AAI> BOARD IVAVTED.
I'OUNG man wishes room and board With pri-
vate family. Address J. M. WHITE, Parrott
building. - . . • . /S-v.:\
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — Furnished room with bath at-
tached. Address M, box &51&, Call office,
totaling price. \u25a0 .• .
ROOM wanted by young man in private fam-
lly; state particulars. Box 9433. Call office.
WANTED— Housekeeping rooms by yousg
couple near Hlbernia Bank. Box 9424, Call.
STABLES TO LET.
tO let — Stable with 2 stall* ; also basement.
641 Natama st. %
BARN to let for single team. 1332 Natoma
street.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A. — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, chipped. 725-
731 Howard et.. nr. Third; plwine Grant 101.
Square Transfer and Storage Co., 604
van Ness aye. Phone East 445. Storage,
moving, racking; cut rates on freight.
t'HEAPKST place In city to store furniture and
pianos; cash advanced en storage. Fidelity
Storage Co.. IuSS Sutter; phone East 2544.
I'ONKLIN'S storage: furniture and merchan-
di»c; Gclden Gate & Larkin; phone East 129.
PACIFIC Btorac* and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore et.; phone Jackson 281.
PIERCE— RODOLPH— Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Fillmore; tel. West 828.
fenKINS Van 'and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
et.; tel. Main IStO. Shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S r.ewn for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
If, r»ges. in wra;:r*?r. tor mailing. SI per yr.
sewrva machines and supplies.
tHE WHITE CO. exhibit the finest and beet
collection of sewing machines on earth at
their new retell office, 915 Market et. ; prices
from $5 to $100. \u25a0
tOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; 6econd-hand all make* at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market «t.. near Sixth.
A.LL kinds second-hand, $3, $5, $8; slightly
used. flO. 113 and $20. Tou know where
dolls' swlns In the window. 1031 Market st.
BIRTHS— MAMAGES— DEATHS.
mSi ll^.; 1 " 181 ** *nd death notices \ cent by
!?*" wl " J 10 * b« Inserted.- They must, be banded
i., c "her of the publication office* and be
indorsed with the . name and re«d«nce of per-
sona authorized to have the earn* published.
««•\u2666!?** reatri <*ed simply to the announcement
r~i .* ve _ nt are Published once In this column
'ree of charce.
BORN.
ADAMS— In this city. August 12, 1905, to the
, wife . of Loula J. Adame, a ton. -..~.
U M BAR *~la~ Ia thls city, July 80, 1905. to the
wUe of W. A. M. Dunbar. a son.
HERBERT— In this i city," August 3, 1905, to
the wUe of 'WlUlam Herbert, a ns.
JACKSON— in thl» city, August 13, 1905, to
the wife of Cyril W. Jackson, a son. -
MCDONALD— In this city. August 19, 1905. to
the wife of T. F. McDonald, a daughter.
this city, August 12, 1605, to the
wife^of David W. Rampe (ne» Hurley), a
daughter. v . . '
ROSENBOHM— In this city, August 14, 1905,
to the wife of George H. Rosenbohm, a son.
STENSLAND— In this city, July 31, 1905, to
the wife of Captain A. Stensland, * daughter.
.WEYL— In this city, July " 19, 1905, to the
wife of Bertln A. Weyl, a daughter.
WITZEL— In tUIs city, August 14, 1905. to the
wlfa of Conrad J.; Wltzel, c \u25a0 dautthter.
HAIUIIED.
BURKHARDT— DRATZ— In this city, August
16, 1905, by the Rev. Paul Branke, George
J. Burkhardt and Amalia Friedericke Dratz,
both of thie city. * /-,-_.. ... .
GOBEL— HICKMAN— In this -city, August 8,
1905, by the Rev. H. A. Luckenbach. Louiß
Gobel and Bessie D. Hickman, both of Ban
Francisco. -:'
HANGER— SPOONER— In this city,' August 19,
10C5, by the Rev. Samuel C. Patterson, Wil-
liam Wilson Hanger of Freeno and Clara C.
Epooner of Petaluma.
RICE— SWAIN— July 19, 1905, by Judge Van
Nostrand. F. J. Rice, late. of Alaska, and
Ray .Swain.
TATLOR— HENKE— In this. city. August 17.
1&05. by the Rev. H. A. Luckenbach. Charles
Clifford Taylor and Martha J. Henke, both
of San Francisco. \u25a0
DIED.
Anderson, Annie M.. 48 Kyle, Thomas, S3
Barnert, Regchen, 73 Legoix, Carrie, 49
Beebe. Mary, 40 Logan, Catherine, 16
Bender, Josiah, 72 Lomettl, Giuseppe, 61
Brewer, John M., 63 Mason, Helen, 49
Carr, Thomas McKenna, Frances
Carter, Charles C, 57 Richards, Catherine. 26
Cohn. Sells A. • Riley, Frank W-, 36
Darling, John G., 43 Sharpe, Helen A.
Donovan, Jeremiah Stevens, Jessie Allen
. Dunbar.Robert E.,11 d Terry, Thomas
Hanson, Stephen Wheelock, Arthur J., 59
Keil, Mary Ellen, 73 Wulff, Hans, 63
ANDERSON— In this city, August 17, 1905, An-
nie M.. dearly beloved wife of Henry P. An-
derson, and loving mother or • Harry, Elf rida,
' Alma, Walter and the late Andrew Ander-
son, a native of Denmark, aged 48 years.
(Vallejo, Cal., papers please copy).
Cl?" Friends and acquaintance*; are respect-
fully invited 1 to attend the funeral services
Sunday, August 20, at 1:30 o'clock p. m.,
at the parlors of Ganter Bros., 1209 Mis-
sion street, between Eighth and Ninth. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BARNERT— In this city, August 18, 1905,
Reschen, beloved wife of Joseph Barnert, and
beloved mother of Marks CSarnert and Mrs.
Hanchen LiDpman, a native of Kolmar, Ger-'
many, aged 1 3 years S months and 3 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), Auguat 20, at 10 o'clock a. m.,
from her late residence, 1834 Sutter street,
near Webster. Interment N«w Salem Cem-
etery, by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets, at 11 o'clock a. m.
Kindly omit flowers.
BEEBE— In this city, August 18. 1905, Mary,
•dearly beloved wife of William Beebe, loving
mother of Margaret and Evelyn Beebe .and
Mrs. Charles Robert*, daughter of Henry and
Catherine Hart, and sister of Henry, George
and Helen Hart and Mrs. C. Nolan, a native
of San Francisco, Cal., aged 40 years 11
months and 27 days. ! .
(EyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 3610 Washington street, thence to
Star of the Sea- Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the reDcee
of her soul, at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BENDER — At the Veterans' Home, Yountville..
Cal., August 19, 1905, Josiah Bender, be-
loved husband of the late Catharine M.
Bender, end father of Josiah D. and Mrs.
11 . E. Reed, a native of Washington, D. C,
aged 72 yean 10 months and 22 days.
C7"Notice r.f funeral hereafter.
BREWER— In this city. August 19, 1905, John
Maitland Brewer Sr.. dearly beloved hus-
band of Susan Brewer, and devoted father of
Mrs. George Ormond Smith, a native of Ip-
swich, England, aged CG years 4 months and
3 days. (Springfield. 111., papers please copy.)
C7Frfends are respectfully invited • to at- •
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), Au-
gust 21, at 2 p. in., from the family r<sl-
dence. 709 Broderick street, between Fulton
and McAllister. Interment private. Please
omltcotp«r»:* ' — - \u25a0• \u25a0-
CARR — In this city. August 19. 1905, Thomas,
Infant son of Thomas F. and Alice Carr, a
native of San Francisco. ; .
CARTER— In Lorin, Cal., August 17. 1905,
Charles C, beloved husband of Katie A.
Carter, a native of Michigan, aged &7 years
10 months and 14 daya.
E7"Friende and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this (Sunday) - afternoon, August 20, at 2
o'clock, at hie late home. 1622 Todd street,
Lorin. Interment Mountain .View Cemetery.
COHN— In Oakland, Cal., August 18, 1905.
Selig A. Cohn, beloved hueband Of Pauline
Cohn, and father of" Mrs: A. Jacobs and
Moses. Gus, Julius and Abe S. Cohn, a na- .
tive of Germany, aged 59 years 8 months
and 26 days.
E7" Funeral strictly private, Sunday,- Au-
gust 2ft. at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence c« his son, M. Cohn, 965 Cypress
street. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
Please <*nit flowere. .
COHN— In Oakland, Cal., August 18, 1905,
8. A. Cohn,' dearly beloved brother of Mrs.
Roee Solaman, Mrs. Reka Jacobs' and Mrs.
I. Joseph of this city, a native of Kolmar.
Germany. \u25a0 /
DARLING — At sea, August 13, 1905, on board
steamship China, John G.~ Darling, beloved
husband of Marie L. Darling, aged 43 years.
(Michigan papers please copy.) \u0084••;.
IE7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
DONOVAN — At his residence, near Niles, Ala-
meda County. Cal.. Jeremiah Donovan, be-
. loved husband of Mary Donovan, and loving
father of George Donovan, a native of Cdunty
.Cork, Ireland. \u25a0 ..'.-..
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday;; at 10:30 a: m.. from his late resi-
dence, near Niles, and thence to Niles Cath-
olic Church, where funeral services will be
held, beginning at 11 a, m. Interment St.
Joseph's Cemetery. Mission San Jose.
DUNBAR — In Oakland, Cal., August 19, 1905,
Robert Esnmet Dunbar, son of W. At M.
Dunbar and Annie V. Dunbar, a native of
California, aged 11 days. -
HANSON— In thl* city. August 19. 1905.
Stephen Hanson, beloved father of Martin,
Margaret and Ida Hanson and Mrs. George
Becker, a native of New York.
KEIL— In this City. Aucuet 19. 1905. at St.
Luke's Hospital, Mary Ellen. Kell of Sonoma,
Cal., beloved wife of the lat» George P. Kell, <
and mother of P.- G. Kell, a native of
County Cork. Ireland, aged 73 years \u25a0 11"
months and 4 day*.^ .
CTFrlends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully • Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), August 21, at 11 o'clock
a. m., at the chapel of Charles H. J. Tru-
man & Co.. 1909 Mission street, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth. • -Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
KYLE^ — Entered Into rest,, in this city, August
10, 1905, at his residence, 17S8 Post street.
Thomas, beloved \u25a0 hueband of ; Ida . May Kyle,
a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 83 years
3 months and 23 days. A member of Oriental
Lodge No. 144, F. and A. M.;. California
Chapter. No. 5, R. A. M.; California Com-
mandery No. 1, K. T.; Islam Temple, -A.- A.
O. N. M. S.. • and Society, of California
Pioneers. . :
' (T7Friende and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
August 22, at 2 p. m., from Masonic Tem-
ple, corner of Post and Montgomery streets,*
where service' will be held under the aus-
[ pices of Oriental Lodge : No. 144, F. and
A. M. Interment private. \u25a0
LEGOIX — In this city, August 17, 1905, Carrie
Legoix {nee Trenchel),' beloved sister of Mrs.
M. Welhe and Aug. Trenchel. - a native Of
Jackson, Amador County, Cal., : aged 49 years
1 month and 24 day*. E&sftS@&SfeSH9^}
jCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited -. to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), August 20, at 1:30 p. m., from
the Darlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 MU-
e ion street, between Seventh - and Eighth,
. thence fa) Shlela building, 32 O'Farrell street,
WOODLA WN^i CEMETERY
; \u25a0 \u25a0 Ban Mateo County.
MASOXIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
\u25a0 686 James Flood Building,' S. F. \u0084
Plots In Citr Cemet erle« -
' Taken In Part Payment
tot Plots in. . . .~. . .
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY
1504 MARKET STREET
Or at Oometerr-
BOOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Lntnrn.
\-EKMONT. 1237— Furnished room to let. '.'
-4 VALENCIA. lSie— Room to let.
VAX XESS aye.. UQl— Furaleheq room to let.
VAST KESS fcva.. S7— Furnished rooma to let.
VAXCXCIA. SOO— Furnished rocma to let.
VALENCIA, 001— Furnished rooms to let.
VAN NESS aye., 2423— R00m, eunny and com-
\u25a0 fortable.
VAN XBS3 are.. 2327 — Room, cheap aafl lunay.
VALLEJO. 70S — Furnished rooma to let.' -
VAN KESS aye.. SO*— Rooms to let. •
WOLF House, 61xth and Howard ets. This
well-known house for 2 weeks has made a
10c and 150 reduction per night on an tran-
gient roomers; everything clean and neat; call.
\u25a0WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d Et., nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable- 700 rooms,
35c to f 1 50 nightly, ?2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; tree bus, baggage.
WILLOW aye.. €3&— Nice furnished room te
WALLER. ses— Fumlahed room to let.
WALLER. IC2S— A sunny front room to rent.
WHITNEY, 20— Small hall rocm. \u25a0'
WILLIAM. 120— Three room* to let.
WEBSTER. 81— Furnished rooma,
Washington—, 1021— Room to let.
WELCH. 21A— Furnished room to let.
gQB. 82— Furnished room to let.
*S— 6I3EIRCH aye.; 3 sunny rooms. Apply
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions hae
b<?en opened st lOCS Market et., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. . . \
. ADVERTISEMENTS, Mlb*criptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church ata.^
,^^ ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AA -HOTEL MARLBOROfGH, 404 Eddy at..
» JUST OPENED. Rooms modern and up to
date: light, eunny and airy: hair mattre?ses;
free bathe: everything elegant, fresh and
clean; table unexcelled; rates very reason-
able : must be seen to be appreciated; located
in the heart of th«. city— 4o4 Eddy 8t. — 404.
••Bogt mealg in the city."
EPDT. 1178. fronting Jefferson Park— Fine
furnished rooms; several unfurnlched rooms
in suite or tingle; table board If desired;
very reasonable.
ELLIS. 453 — Fine French table board; nlceiy
furnished rooms and very reasonable.
FIRST-CLASS board and rooms. 620 Folsom
street.
GIRL to board; handy to school. 1015 Jack-
eon st.
HAIGHT. 6S, near Market — Fumiahed room,
with sood German board.
JOHNSTON. THE. €05 O1O 1 Farrell— Sunny suites
er.fl single nag; excellent board; references.
O' FARRELL. &51-53 — Newly furn. room; run.
water, home cook., use piano; tel East 3017.
Old Stevenson Mansion, SO7 California st.; new
carpets and Interior; exceptional table; mod.
PACIFIC aye., 1716 — Large sunny rooms;
fnodern; us? of parlor with board.
POWELL 502 — Rooms and board.
\u25a0 ROOMS with excellent board; $16. JIS month.
1 Martha place, off Geary near Mason.
k<X>M an* board In Jewish family. 1770
OTarrell gt.
TWENTT-FOURTH. sSB— New. eleganUy rur-
nii-hed rooms, with or without board.
S-WENTY-POrRTH. 8174— Furnished room* to
let. with board or without.
Trmlna lesv« and *r» *«•
r^^^^in BAN FRANCISCO.
vrfviSESSy / FrO3J Jxnrx M'l9CiM ' 19Ci
\£ojZ^§sy FissT Dxpot
(Foot of Market Street)
ixxTs— MAIN LINE. — AMtrra
7-00 a Elmlra, VaoavlUe, Winter*. Uumaey • 7.4«»»
/•Qua Klcbmond, Benlcia, Sacramento,
'--'\u25a0\u25a0' Saisun and Way 3 Utlons ........ /Mtu:
740AV»HeJo, Kapa, CatUtoga, Santa
' - ' Ro»a, Martinez, San Ramon ..... . |.08p
7.40A5Ue», Pleasonton, LlT er more,
Tracy. Latnrop, gtocSton 7Mp
8-OOa Shusta Express— (Via Darls),
Williams, Willows, fFrnto, Bed
Bluff. Portland, Tacoma, SeatUe. 7-48P
I.OOaDsvls. WooillanJ. Knights Landing,
SiarysTUle. Orovliie 7Mw
8.20 a Marttaez. Antloch. Byron, Tracy,
Stockton, STeirman, Los Banos,
' Ueadota. Armona, Hanford, > , n «_
VUalla, Portenrllle \ TjSI
8.20 a Port Costa, LaiHrop. Merced, Mo- ' *" 4SR
<!e»to, Kaymond, Fresno, Han*
ford. Vlsulla. Batersdeld 4-4fP
8-40AX!les, San Jose. Urermore, Stock- ' '
ton (tMtlton),. VaUey Spring,
lone, Sacramento. Placarrllle,
Colfax. Marysvllle. Rfdßlu.T.... 4.03P
8-40A Oafedale, Calnese. Jamestown,
. Sonora. Tuolumne and Angela... 4-08P
BXOa Atlantic Eipres*— Ogden and Eatt. 4.23 p
- B.4oa ßichmond, Port Costa. Martlaes •
-and Way Stations (tConcord).... 8.48P
10 20a Vallejo, Dally. Napa, Snnday only 7.48f»
10.20a1.03 Angeles Passenger— Port
Costa, Martinez, Bjron. Tracy,
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced.
Raymond, Fresno, Goahen Junc-
tion. Haaford. Lemooro, Vlaalla,
Bakersfleld, Los Angeles 7.08*
10-20 A El Pa.«o. Kansas City, St. Lonls and
Chicago...... 7.CBP
11.00ATh9 Orerlaad Limited— Omaha,
. - \u25a0 Chicago, DenTer. Kansas City... 8.48P ~
11.43AN11e», San Jose and Way Stations. Z4BP
t1 .OOP Sacramento HMrer Steamers Ti I-OOp
3.40P Bentcla. Winters. Sacramento. .
Woodland, Kntghts Landing,
. MarysTllle and OroTlll* 10.45 a
3.4opllayward. NMles. and Way Stations • 7-48P
4-OOp Vallejo, Martinez, San Ramon,
f Napa. Cal is tot;*, Santa Ro«a 9-zBa
4.oopXlles, Tracy, Stockton, Lodt 1028 a
4.40p Hay ward. Xllen. Irvlngton, Sank t8.48*
I Jose, Llrermore.... .......} {11.43 a
B-OOPTte Owl Limited— Newman, Los
• - Banos. Mendoto, Fresno, Tolare,
I Baterifleid. Los Angeles 8-43 a
6-OOp Chicago and St. Louli Special— El
Paso, Kansas tlty, St. Louis and
Cnlcago ..;... «.48a
ts.2Cpßayward, Niles and San J05e...... 7.08 a .
6.20 p Vallejo. Port Costa, Benlcia, 3nl-
\ »an, Sacramento 11-28 A
C-00p Eastern Express— Omaha. Chicago, aHfiffi
Denver. Kansas City, St. Louis, - -
Martinez, Stockton, Bacramento,
Reno, Sparks. Montello. Ogdea .. 12.48P
B.2opHayw»rd, Niles and San Jose. 9.48 a
7.ooPReno Passenger— Port Costa. Be-
nlcia, Snlann, Elmlra, Dbcon. -
SaTls.Sacramento, Sparks, Tono- .
pah. Ooldneld and Keeler 7-08 a
i 7.40P Port Costa, Martlnei.Biron,Traey.
I Modesto. Merced. Fresno.. 12-08P'
,7.4oPTosemlte and Marlpo«a Big Trees
(Tla Raymond-Wawona Ronte).. 8.48a-
7.4opValleJo, Sunday only 11.23 a
B.2opOreKon& California Express — 3ac- , •-.?>
. ramento, Marys vllle. Redding, i>^-
. Portland. Paget Sound and East. 8.48 a
B.oop Hay ward, Niles and San Jose ISutt-
.'- day 0n1y)... tll-48A t .
COAST LINE Oarraw ttaag.).
(Foot of Markat Street.) \u25a0«. - \u25a0
\ 7.45a Saa v Cruz Excursion (Sunday
i--\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0i --\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 only) \u25a0vio^
B.lsANewarlc. Centervllle. San Jose, •sfi2S3l
Felton, BouHer Creilt, Santa _•' ;
Crnz and Way Stations 5-saf»
• t9-1 5 A Newark, San Jose. Felton, Boulder
I Creek. Santa Craz t7.88i»
t2-15pNewark. Centervllle, San Jose,
New Alm.tden. Los Gatos, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cms and
Principal Waj Stations 10.55 a
4.1 5 p Newark. San Jose, Los Gatos,
WrlKht tBss*
4.l s p Saturday and Sunday for Felton,
Bonlder Creek. Santa Crnz.. 68 55a
COAST LINE (Uroail *lan»«j.
ty" (Third and Townsend Streets.)
6.10 a San Jose and Way Stations 8-30P
t7J)OASan Jose and Way Stations 6-40P '
7.lsAMonterey. Santa Cruz Excursion
(Sandayonly) 10.10P
B.OOANew Almaden (Tnes., Frl.. only).. 4-10P
f.GOAThe Coaster— San Jose. Salinas,
' Saa Ardo. Paso Robles, Santa,
j Margarita. Saa Lnls Oblspo,
Guadatnpe. GaTiota, Santa Bar- " . .
bara, San BaenaTentura, Oxnard,
* Burbank, Los Angules 10-30P
B.ooa Gllroy. Hollister. CaatrorUle. Del
Monte, Pacific Orore, Sart,
Lompoc. : 10-30*
9.00 a San Jose, Tres Plnos. Watsonrllle,
Capitol a. Santa Cruz. Pacific
Grove. Salinas. San Luis Obispo
and Principal Way Station* 4.10 l»
OXOaLos Gatos, Wright. Boulder Creek.
Tia Santa Clara- and Narrow
Gauge..... t7.40P
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20P
i 11.30 a San Jose and Way Stations 7.40P
2-15pPan Jose and Way Stations 8-36 A
t3-00PDel Monte Express— Santa Clara,
Ban Jose, WatsonTllle, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey
Pacific GroTe f12.15P
t3OOPLos Gatos. Wright, Bonlder Creek.
. Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge 1043 a
• 3-30P South San Francisco. Saa Jose,
--..• - Gllroy. Hollister. Tres Pinos,
Tfawonvllle, Ca pltola.Santa Cms,
Salinas, Monterey. Pacific GroTe. 1 0.45 a
4-30 p San Jose and Way Stations t7-SoA
tS-OOPSanta Clara, San Jose, Los Gatos,
\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 .\u25a0 Wright.. -rS.Cft*
{5.30 p San Jose and Principal Way S tatlons {9.40 a
&.45pSanset Express— Redwood, San
Jose. Gilroy. Salinas. Paso
i ' Robles, San Lais Oblspo. Santa
ftf t • Barbara, Los Angeles, Demlng;
El Paso, New Orleans... 9-10*
8.45PK1 Paso. Kansas City, St. Louis,
. Chicago .'.. J0.30P
s.4spPaJaro. WatsonTl\]e. Capltola,
Santa Cruz. Castrovllla, DeH JIO.IOP
Monte. Pacific Grove f t10.30P
tB.l5PSan Mateo, BereSford, Belmont,
San Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks, '
. MenloPark. Palo Alto .... t6.48A
6-30pSan Jose and "Way Stations 6-38 A
800PPalo Alto and W<ijr Stations 10.15 a
11.30P South San Francisco. Mlllbrae. Bur-
llngame, San Mateo, Belmoart,
San Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park and Palo Alto 845f»
11.30pSaturdays only for Mayfleld. Moun- .
tala View, SnnnjTale. Lawrence,
Santa Clara and San Jooe t9.45P
OAKLAND HARBOR t ERRY
IFootofMarßetSt.)
\u2666 7.15 A.M. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
' 1.00 p.m. 3,00 p.m. 5.15 p.m.
A lor Morning. ! P for Afternoon.
tSunday e.xcepted. {Sunday only. .
(Monday only.
IDally. and stops at all stations on Sunday.Mining Stocks.
v BAN FRANCI3CO STOCK EXCHAXOa '
V Following w«r» the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Ezcnaoc* Board yesterday:
B:3O a. m. Session— Comstoeks. '
400 Caledonia ... 401 200 Ophir 7 00
100 Challenge ... 19 100 Savas* 68
200 Con Va M Co.l 20 100 Sierra Ifsr.... 89
600 Hale A Norc.l 651 500 Stiver Hi 11.... 83
400 Mexican .....1 30l 100 Union C0b.... 61
.V'JV CLOBIXG QUOTATIONS.
. r Bid. Ask. l KlAjt.
Ophlr .......8 00 6 23 Bullion 82 ' S3
Mexican .....1 20 123 Exchequer ... 48 . 01
Gould * Cut.- 12 13 Seg Belcher... OS C 6
Best A Belch.l 20 130 Overman ..... 13 14
Con Va M Co.l 10 1 M JusUcs 04 C 5
Savage - 55 Be) Union Con:... 47 43
Chollar ...... 13 13*Alta <B ; C 3
Potosl ....... 07 C 8 Julia 08 . C«
Halo A Norcl 40 1 SOfCaledonla ..-«.. S» 41 l _
Crown Point.. 08 09 Silver Hill 85 BT^»|
Yellow Jacket 14 18 Challenge .... 18 .29/1
Con Imperial. — 01 Occidental 1 -... 87^-93
Kentuck 02 03 Lady Wash .. 03 04
Alpha -.-.' . 05 07tAnde» .... 14 13
Belcher ;.... 12 14jScorpfoa ...... "13 13 .
Confldenc* ... '82- -MjCon N T 01 03 ,
Sierra Nev... 34 33j Eureka C0n.. .1 23 —
Utah C....... ' 03 " OelOphlr-Bruns.. 08": 10
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning ' Session. .;
4i500 Bullfrog Mm. 62 200 Mont T0n.".. "..3 13 g
1000 Blfg^ »> SO 63-400 Mont Ton ..3,17% '
250O;Bullfrg N Bk "23. 1000 North Star....- 63
1600 Blf«t NBk.b9O 2f 1300 North Star....: 39
«MV> Cash Boy. blO 21 200 North Star....* 60
WO Cafh Boy ... 3 250> Ohio Ton ..'.. 33
3000 Caih Boy ...» ICO Orig Bullfro*. 23
X 8ol 9 umbta y Mt. l^llCO Pennjyr^nt*., g
\Z SSSSTi^ S -^ rI^.::::: ,v
i-»oo EcllDse ...... 37 2500 Rocco Hmstke 40
fIOCO Emp^e. » «>. CS SCO Sandstorm ttx. =07
tOCO Empire b 30. C 7 5W Shoehone Gold 23
Snrt r^?st bty .. 25 200 Ton Belmont.-l 65
°0O Gold Anchor.. 91! COO Ton Exten..B 12%
35C0 Home 10 200 Ton Gold Mt. . 11
too Jim Butler .. 83 3W>O Ton Home Con 09
-ftft'Jlm B»tler .. 92 4CCO Home Con.b3o. 10
400 KsndaU >•'•••• 13 .600. 600 Mdway. slO.l 82 H
SCO MacNamara. . 40|, SCO Ton Midway. .1 80
: CLOSING [QUOTATIONS/
Tonopah District.
. \u0084 \u0084 ". \u25a0 ", .-.~.r \u25a0 \u25a0-'.. Bid.Ask.
1 Bid. Ask. t Lucky -Tom..;' — ,04
BMmont . . - .* 1601 e5 MacNamara.. -' 38 \u25a041
ISnt Ex.. — 13 Midway ...V..1 80 IS3
loston To". - - WtMlrpah Ex \u25a0 ..i. 11 13 A
wJ.JBEx'- 10 wont T0n:;. .3 17 3 20.!k
Canfornla. ... £3 10 Mon Plttsburw -- 1?
Cash Boy ... 21' 23[Monltor ....... « —
LOCAL MARKETS.
Market Quiet, Except In Gas and
' Salmon \u25a0 Shares.
\u25a0 i The conditions which have prevailed on the
Stock and Bond Exchange for the past several
days ruled again yesterday. The gaa. and sal
mon stocks monopolised the attentlon-of trad
ers and ' the other stocks were . quiet. Alaska-
Packers sold ' at : $78 60®?9,' against a ' closing
price of $79 75 on Friday, and Gaa and Elec trio
at ; $76, ' which '. was the - closing price of the
preceding day. Contra Costa -Water, .-ad
vanced from $40 75 to $42. ' There was nothing
new in the sugar shares. - .
\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0In - the . mining stockr a decline In Ophlr
from $7 to $8 carried . the .whole list down,
though not to such an extent. The Tbnopahs
exhibited no new features. -
: '.- gales 'on \u25a0 the - California Oil Exchange . last
week were 34,655 shares, the. leading- sales be
ing as follows : Associated, 7830 shares; In
dependence. . 4900; - Monte Cristo, - 1000; Occi
dental. 4023; Oil City. 13.900; Reed Crude.
1000; Home. 900. .
The American Telegraph and Cable Company
has declared a regular quarterly dividend -of
1% ; per cent, payable September 1.
- The 'Parrot 'Silver, and, Copper Company has
declared a dividend of 60 cents per share, pay
able September - 12. ~ • "? • ; ' " - -
. The Bunker Hill Mining Company of Plumas
County has levied an assessment of 5 cents per
share, delinquent September 27..
V The output of ore from the Ophlr mine last
week amounted to 62 mining 'carloads, assay
ing ?79 72 per. ton, 'and 97 carloads valued, at
$37 88 per ton. v - Two « more railroad . carloads
of ? first-class ore . have \u25a0 been : shipped, making
eight ' carloads on the way or • in ' process of
sale.- i^w»»W*»Li|^'"l* 1 ' tt &^tg"tmaßagß'^agtnm
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 The ' Northern \u25a0 California : Power Company
has declared a dividend of 6c, payable on the
25th.^gMHBg9MBnn9ag|a^9B
Foreign Futures.
. LIVERPOOL.
•Wlieat— Sept.' Dec March.
Opening .......... 68% 67% Nominal
fflng. I::"!. ......esS-, 67% Nominal
PARIS. .."\u25a0.-'\u25a0- "\u25a0 "\u25a0-\u25a0
\u25a0ccrheat \u25a0 Aug. •\u25a0 Nov. -Feb.
Opening; ................^ 2290 23 25
a^ng*.::::::::::......... 2295 2320 ;
0~E"..... 29 65 ';, 30 60 ;
cKSn?;::::::::.--...... \u25a0•-.•» 70 so 50
: Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Aug. 19.— Wheat for export:
Club 69@70c; bluestem, 71@73c. ; F0r milling:
Valley, 75c.. washington .
TACOMA. Aug. 19. — Wheat, lc lower. Blue
stem, 730; club, 70c; red.' 67c.
Northern Business. j , ,
PORTLAND. Aug. 19.^-Clearings, $497,166:
balances . $100,818. - w ' \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0'
TACOMA, Aug. I©.— Clearmgs, $522,857;
balances, $31,947. \u25a0 -\u25a0 \u25a0 „, -
SEATTLE. Aug. 19.— Clearings, J|785,937;
balances. $146,426. L,' ' :,.„,,.
SPOKANE. Aug. ,19.— Clearances,. $402,239;
balances, $82,305. ;..-- •-.;, ".-'\u25a0 -' v;^^
\u25a0 Trade in fresh fruits was active, with local
retailers purchasing freely for . Sunday wants,
and the <. market, while liberally supplied,'- was
generally - steady, " notably for fancy ' Peaches,
ripe Pears of good quality and desirable offer
ings of Prunes . and Plums . in small \u25a0 packages.
Receipts of small boxes of Peaches- included'
consignments : from California mountain dis
tricts and s from Oregon. This 'stock 'sold, from
60c to 85c per box as to variety, while offer
ings from near-by \u25a0 sections brought ' 40060 c.
The canners were Indifferent buyers of Peaches
and Pears, and J when • they , bought - at ' all .were
able to procure . supplies .at their, own prices.
Figs continued plentiful i and \u25a0 weak and Grapes
were lower, ' stocks being large ' and there being
'no inquiry for - shipment. > In . the Melon line
Cantaloupes did better under less liberal offer
ings.- while Nutmegs and i Watermelons * were
steady at the old quotations..- Berries were In
moderate receipt and higher prices', ruled \u25a0 for.
everything * except Blackberries, which con
tinued -to :• -arrive -.•,-.- freely \u25a0 from : the - Wat-
Bonvllle. district. The situation ' In Apples was
unchanged, | ordinary; offerings being neglected,
while fancy, stock met' with a fair inquiry at
steady ; rates. ': Citrus and ; Tropical • fruits ; were
firm and higher ' prices ruled for Bananas , and
Pineapples. . -. Mexican ;., Limes i were offering
again. .: J "'\u25a0."--'\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0 \u25a0 : \u25a0--• 'S -- \u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0•
- STRAWBERRIES — Per chest, Longworths,
$7®S; large varieties, $4®6; Santa,* Clara Ber
ries,- $7®8.-s \u25a0<\u25a0-'\u25a0 - : "•\u25a0 - '"-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0;\u25a0'*- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
\u25a0 RASPBERRIES— Per chest, 89@10.
BLACKBERRIES— SI 60®$s ! 'per I chest.
. HUCKLEBERRIES— 6©?« per lb. ' .
' : APPLES — 90c@$l 15 per box - for ; fancy, and
40®75c • for common " t» choice; Crab Apples,
00®COc ' for small an**sl . 75 for large boxes. \u25a0
' . PEACHES— SmaII", boxes, .40®83c; . carriers,
10075 c; open boxes, _60c®$l 60;. in bulk, $25®
40 per ton.*: ! *'^/* v '-'. "." ' - • '\u25a0\u25a0 . . ' \u25a0;v »:
i !.\u25a0 PEARS^Bartlett. 75c®$l 60 per 7 box; :• In
bulk. $25® J S5 ' per , ton. >
PLUMS AND PRUNES— Packed. 60c@$l per
box or- crate; open boxes, 25@40c for small and
50©S5c for large.? . . - - :
- FIGS — Per.; drawer— Double \u25a0_ layer, 65@85c;
single layer, : 40@50c.
' QUINCES-t-50@75c per,: box. ."-. ' ' >
: MELONS-^Cantaloupes, $1 50@2 iper •\u25a0 crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 7f>c(3sl per box; Watermelons,
$I®2 50 per jdoxen.*\.;,V'.: -."\u25a0•: v' \u25a0\u25a0 '••-\u25a0;: ' - ;
: a GRAPES-^Per ibox. or • crate. Seedless, , 50®
75c* : Muscat,"- 75®90c: - Black; 65®S5c. . "
, CJTRUS FRUll'S — Oranges. . V alendaa, $2@4
per .box: 3 Lemons., $2@4 50: Grape ' Fruit, ? $2®
2 ' 75: J Mexican 'Limes, >$5@5 60 per case; Ba
nanas. ; Hawaiian.?? $I®2 , per \u25a0;\u25a0 buncH ; \u25a0* Central
'American/nominal; Pineapples, $1 75®3 EOper,
dozen." \u25a0; •:' \u25a0 '' ;::?\~ \u25a0".-- -'.'-.'\u25a0 • '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. AUGUST It.
Flour,! qr-sks... 2,455 Straw tons 8
Wheat. . ctl« '.... 4.470 Hops, bales ..... 8
Barley.- ctls .... 7.637 Wool, bales 8471
Oats, ctls 2, 55 A Leather, rolls-... . 9
Tallow, ctls .... 460 Hides, No ...7... 4C3
Sugar. , ctls f. ....' 2,800 Pelts, bdls ...... 678
Beans, ska ..... 66 Chicory, skt ... 60
Potatoes, sks ... 3,170 Paper, rolls 2,631
Onions, sks ..... 1, 485 Lime, bbls ...... 300
Bran, sks ...... .1.435 Wine, gals ..... .32.300
Middlings, sks .. 200 Livestock, head.. 73
Hay. tons 892 Calfskins, bdls... 3
: . OREGON. •
Flour,, qr sks... 1,816' " ."'-' . -.V -
\u25a0 : , '. : WASHINGTON. .
Flour, Qr sks. . . , 5. 4601 Bran, - 5k5 ....... 400
Wheat, ctls .... 6,6ol|Shorts, sks ..... 6,000
- EASTERN.
Wheat, ctl* .... 2.2C0& -
Some houses are reporting more steadiness
In Eggs, . as ' the dally - receipts are growing
smaller and the market is now -carrying mor«
moderate stocks. Other houses, however, find
the market etlll : slow. Prices remain un
changed. Butter . and -Cheese are as before
quoted, with quiet and featureless markets.
Receipts were 56,300 lbs Butter, 709 - cases
Eggs and 8900 lbs Cheese.
\u25a0 BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, *24@25c
for extras - and 22<£r23c for ; lower and medium
grades; dairy, 21023 c; cold storage, 22® 23c:
store Butter,: 17018 c.
CHEESE — Good to choice mild new, 11® 12c:
common, 8%©10% c; -Young Americas. 11 %©
12% c; Eastern, 14®16c per lb. -
EGGS — Ranch. 30@31c for. large white se
lected and 26029c 'f0r fair to good;. cold stor
age, 25@26c; store Eggs.' 20@22%c: Eastern
firsts. 20®24c; seconds, 16@18c per dozen.
Batter. Cheese and Eggs.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Poultry closed the week with the market
quiet and weak - for general offerings, retailers
having been well supplied with the heavy ar
rivals :of . the past several days. A good i por
tion of yesterday's arrivals had to be held over
for \u25a0 Monday's market. One or two cars .of
Western stock will be marketed to-morrow.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. l«©22c per lb for
old and 25@27c \u25a0 for young; Geese, • per pair,
$1 75®2; Goslings. $2; -Ducks. . $4@4 60- per
dozen for old and $4 60®5 for young; Hens.
$4@5 for small and $6 50©6 50 for large;
young Roosters.- ss@7; old Roosters. $4 50©6;
Fryers, 1 $3 50®4; Broilers $2 25©3; Pigeons,
$160; Squabs, $1 50@l 75. . ,r .--. '-\u25a0 -
GAME: — Hare $1 5001 78 per dozen; Cot
tontail Rabbits. $1 60®2 per . dozen.
Poultry and Game.
General Merchandise. .
BAGS— Grain Bags. 7%07%c; Wool Bags,
27®31c: "Fleece Twine,' 7%c; Fruit Bags.
6%®7c •
COAL— Wellington, - $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle. $8 60; Bryant. '$6 50;
Beaver Hill. $6 50; Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $3 50;
Richmond. $8; .Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 23 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke. $11 60613 per
ton In bulk and $16 In sacks;* Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $8 60 per short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 6c: Linseed. 640 per gallon for boiled and
62c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1 70c:
Bakers' AA. cases, $1 14©1 16: Lucol. 56c for
boiled and 64c for raw; China Nut. cases. 65(9
80c per gallon; Cocoanut OH. In barrels. - 58c
for : Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c: natural winter
Sperm OH, 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
OH. 65c; natural Whale Oil. 60c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 76c:i No. 1 Lard Oil. 63c;
Pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil,
57 %c; Herring Oil. 45c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled
Fish Oil, 35c; raw Fish Oil, 35c; Paint Oil. 35c
COAL OIL. GASOLINE. ETC.— Water White
Coal Oil. In bulk, lie; Pearl Oil, in cases.
17% c; Astral. 17 % c; Star. 17% c; Extra Star.
20% c; Elaine, 26c; Eocene. 19% c; Stove Gaso
line, in bulk. 14% c; in cases. 21c; Motor Gaso
line. In bulk. 14% c; in cases, 21c; No. 1 En
gine Distillate, Iron barrels or drums, 8c; No..
2 do. 6%c; cases, 6%c more; Benzine, In bulk.
12% c: cases, 19c;' 88-^egreo Gasoline, in bulk.
25c; in cases, 31c.'" * : - . • - -•" ' -•\u25a0vt.. -
' TURPENTINE — 88c per gallon bt cases and
80c In drums and Iron baifels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%0
8c per lb; White Lead. 7%®Bc. according to
quantity. . - - , .
r ! SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, . A Crushed • and Fine Crushed. 5.30 c;
Powdered, 6.15 c; Candy Granulated, 5.15 c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.05 c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6.05 c; Fruit Granulated. 5.05 c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 4.93 c; Confectioners'
A. 6.05 c; Magnolia A. 4.65 c: Extra C. 4.36 c:
Golden C, 4.45 c; "D," 4.33 c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels, . 25c more; boxes, 60c more; 50-lb
bags.' 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 5.63 c; boxes. 5.80 c; H. 4 E. Crystal
Domlnos, 8.05 c per lb. No order taken for less
than seventy-five barrels or ' its equivalent.
CHICAGO. Aug. 19.— CATTLE— Receipts.
600, head. Market steady. Good to prime
steers. $5 50®6 10; poor to medium. $4@5 25:
stockers and feeders. $2 25(34 25; cows, $2 25®
4 60; heifers. $2 25®4 50; canners, $1 23(3 I 2 10;
bulls, $2#3 85; calves. $387; Texas fed steers,
$3 50<g!4 75: Western steers. $3 5034 80. ,
; HOGS— Receipts, 10,000 head.* Monday,
! 35,000? Market steady to 60 lower. Mixed
and butchers, $5 80@6 35; good to choice
heavy, $6 lO@€ 30; rough heavy, $5 75<g«;
light. $5 90©« 35; bulk of sales, $6®fl 25. :
SHEEP — Receipts, 6000 head. Market
steady. Good to choice wethers, $5@5 60; fair
to choice mixed, J i 50@4 85; Western sheep,
$4 75@5 40; native lambs, $6 50<Q*; Western
lambs, $C@7 75. . ]
'. . \u25a0 \u0084 Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Aug. 19.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 200 head, Including 100 Southerns. Mar
ket steady. Native steers, $3 75®5 60; South
ern steers, $2 50@4 25; Southern cows, $1 75®
3; native cowa and heifers. $3 25®4; stockers
and feeders, S2 50<g>4 10; bulls, $2@3 25; calves,
$2 50S« 25: Western steers, $3 25®>i 60; .West
ern cows, $1 75@3 25. '.'\u25a0. \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0'* r \u25a0
\u25a0 HOGS — Receipts, 2000 head. Market steady.
Bulk of sales. $6@6 15; h»avy. $5 95®6 05;
packers. $6(&6 15; pigs and light, $6@6 17%.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market nominally
steady. Muttons. $4 4OQ-5 75; 5 lambs, -$5 75(g
7 26; range wethers, $4 60(84 .75; fed ewes.
$I@4 75. . ,- , \u0084-. . .
Omaha.
OMAHA. Aug. 19.— CATTLE— Receipts.
head. Market unchanged. Native steers. $3 75
®6 50; cows and heifers. $2 75®4 26; Western
steers. $3®5 50; Texas steers. $2 60®3 50; cows
and heifers, $2®3: 50; cann^rs. ;, $1 60@2 25:
etockers and feeders, *$2 25»4 ; ; calves, $2©
5 25: bulls and stags, $2@3 2»;?;-- r \u25a0\u25a0 .^ "r< '\u25a0
HOGS-Recelpts.. 7000 head^- Market steady
to strong. Heavy. .$5 85®6 97%; -mixed,
$5 87%®5 90; light, $5 00@6 05; pigs, $5@5 75;
bulk of 'sales, $5 87%®5 97%: -'.*;-\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 '
SHEEP— Receipts. 1000 head. Market strong.
Western yearlings. $5 25®« 75; wethers $4 75
®5 40; ewes. $4 25@5; lambs. $8 ,7507 25.
Chicago.
. Receipts of Potatoes are running .. rather
light and. with trade active, both on local
and shipping account, the - market - rules firm,
with choice offerings of river Whites and Sa
linas Burbanks cleaning up readily from day.
to day. . Holders of Salinas Burbanks .: are
asking $1 10 per cental, \u25a0 but there Is hardly
enough business at . that figure to' Justify such
a quotation. ? Onions . are arriving freely,- but
are held steady by. a . good demand for ship
ment to the Antipodes.
The vegetable market had a weak closing
and large lines of most descriptions had to be
held over. , Prices showed but slight variation
from the previous report. -' -
POTATOES— River Whites 50@650 per ctl:
Salinas Burbanks. 85c©?l per ctl; Early Rose,
nominal; Sweet Potatoes. l%@2c per lb.
ONIONS— YeIIow, 75@90c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Pea*. 3®4c per lb;
String and Wax Beans, l@2c per lb; Lima
Beans, • 7@Bc ' per lb; Tomatoes, 60o@$l per
box; Summer Squash, 25«i40c per box; Cucum
bers. 15@25c per box; Cabbage. 750 per- ctl;
Carrots. 60@60c per sack; GarlUs, 6®5%c per
lb; Egg Plant, 50@76« per box; Green Peppers,
30@50c per box; Green Okra, 60@75c per box;
Green Corn. 65c@$l 15 per sack and $I@l 25
per crate.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
eastern Livestock market.
CHICAGO, Aug. 19.— 0n the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries. 17@20c; , dairies, 16018 c. Eggs,
firm; . at : mark, \u25a0 cases included, 13®li»Vic.
Cheese, firm.: ll@ll%c.
Butter, Cheese and Egg*.
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 42 44 JPort Costa... -- «f
liana Ca... 63 — IS V Wat Co. Wi 38%
OAS AND EXXCTRIC
Cent L Jk P. 4% 6 |Pac L Co W —
Martel Powr l 2 1\ 3 T Q A B. T3% W%
Mutual El* 13% — Istkn OA B. 5 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd^23 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 130 LP * A — 180
Anglo-Cal .. 92% 9S Mer Trust.... 2» 23*
Bank of Cat — — Merch Ex.... 53 —
Cal Safe Dp.157 160 S F National — 160
Frst Natlonl.3lo 820
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger SAL. — — Say A L So.. — 100
Hum Say Bk — — Sec Say 8k..39S 1 —
Mutual 5av.102%106 Union T C0.27Q0 3300
S F Say U.6SO —
> STREET RAILROADS.
California ..210 — .[Presidio .....— \u25a0 41
Giant Con .'.'72% 73% |
j Hawaiian C. 86% 8S I MakaweU C. 36% ST
. Honokaa S C 16% 17 lOnomea S C 3&% 37
Hutch SPC 13% 15%!Paauhau S C 23% 24
Kllauea S C. 4 5', 3 ,
MISCELLANEOUS. * ! ; .
Alaska P A. 78% 73%|Oceanic 8 Cd» 3 ' •
Cal FCA. — 11X» I Pao Aux FA. 4 8
Cal Wine A. 83% &4 IPac C 80rx.133
MV& MtTm. — — IPac S Tel Co. — 101%
" ; . SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers* Association... 73 00
65 Alaska Packers* Association. ..78 50
140 Alaska Packers* Association. . . 7S 50
20 Contra Costa Water 42 00
10 Giant Powder Con ........ 73 00
470 S F Gas & Electric 7tt CO
• 200 Spring Valley Water C 0...._. 3a CO
60 Spring' Valley Watar C 0...... 33 2}
5 Spring Valley Water C 0....";. 83 37%
\u25a0 Street—
10 Giant Powder Con 73 00
$8,000 S F. Oak A 3 Joee Ry 55.... -11 l 23
$15,000 S'V Wat Co gen mtgt» i 5...... 97 50
Unlisted Securities. . - ..
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.| • . Bid.* Ask.
Bay CPC 65.106 107%, 5F Drydk 55.113 —
B L Wat 65.113 — SF ANP ss. — 111%
Cal N WSs.IU — SP C R 4». 93 —
M C Wat ss. — 114 Sun Tel 05...110 —
OkT Con ss. — ICSJ4 Do 5s .....— 113%
Rls I Wkssa.lol — .',Suttr-st R35.105 Hit
' MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 23 Gaa Con A. 19 20%.
Cal Cot Mils 87 92 Mat Nay Co. 125 185
Cal G&ECor. 78 77% Mills Nat 8k.300 —
C Jockey CLI2O — " NS R R Co. —t \u25a0 12U
Cal Powder.lflO — N Cal P Co. 9<(»
Cal Ship, Co. — 23 Oak Bk Sav.l3o'
Cal T I A T — 142% lOOF Hall A 6%
Cen Bk. Oak — 67% Orpheum Co. — igti
Chutes Co .. 4 3 PacC Caa C 0.139
City A C 8k.107%119 Pac Bur Co.. — 120
Cyp L Imp.. 3 8 Paraf Paint-. 90 ICO
Dptpwd pfd. 90 100 S F Drydock — T3
Do com .. 79 . — S Jose Wat. .103%
FN Bk. Oak.l2OV— - 8F A SJCoal.-22% —
Fischer Thtr — lfc SO A MTftbt-123 —
Frnch-A 8k.197' 110 Sw!ss-A 8Jc.123 —
Hono P .Co.. — 87 Truck . Elect.. 18 — . C^
Do old pool — 33 Union S Co.. — 33 v
Do nw pool 36 37 W-Fargo 8k.22S —
• SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
8 Cal Gas A Electric Cor» T« 0*
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Asso. Oil Stk Tr. Cer. 63 68
Axtec ....' .' X 60
California-Standard ......... 33 **"*
Caribou ...... T23
Central Point Con 183 .***
Four ir
Olant ,50
Home 63 \u25a0 ' 60
Independence ............... 2a ' 87
Junction 17 a
Ktrn 14 CO ....
Kern (new) 10 $n
McKittrtck CO » S
Monte Cristo i... ...... . M Is
Occidental of West Vtriinla. 03 \u25a0"." ....
Oil City Petroleum. .... aft
Senator 1 60 ....
Superior..... 03 ....
Tcltec ".'•"..\u25a0.....-.... 83 ....
Wabash ...;.... 80 ....
! Spring Valley 88 00 IS 59
There Is nothing new under this head, tbe
market being firmly held, with choice Beans
scarce and damaged lots neglected. - 5*33
BEANS — Bayos. |4@4 60; Pea, $3@3 50;
Butter, $2 50@4; small White. $3 25®3 75; large
\Vhite. $2 60@2 90 : -Pink. $1 50©2 50 for fair
to good and $3 25® 3 75 for choice; Red, $3 50
@7; Lima; $5 CO© 5 70; . Red Kidneys $3@4 60;
Blackeyes. $3 76®4 per ctl;. Horse Beans,
$1 25@2;-<-- •' . \u25a0 ' .-.--. v -;-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0 - - i \u25a0'. \u25a0
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 6004 75; Yellow
Mustard. $3 50@3 75; Flax. 12 25@2 75; Canary.
6%c; Alfalfa. 10@llc * for ' California and 12©
13c for Utah; Rape, 2%@3%c: Timothy, nomi
nal; : Hemp. 3%c per lb; Millet, 2%@3%c;
Broom Corn Seed. $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75@2 26; Green
Peas. $2@2 25. .
Beans and Seeds.
1 Tbe following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered in Ban Francisco, less 409
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle: 1
CATTLE— Steers. 5%©6 c; Cows and HeU
ers, 4@4%c. • -
CALVES— S%O4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. > 3%©3% c: Ewes, 3©3% c
per lb (gross weight). . .
LAMBS— 92 75©3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hoes, 130 to 200 lbs. 6%06c;
over 200 lbs, 6%@5%c: Feeders, nominal; Sows.
20 per cent off; Boars, 60 per cent off. and
Stags. 40 per cent off from above quotations.
The local packers have revived their talk
about an expected decline in Hogs, which may
occur In a day or two. There is nothing new
In any other description.
• -DRESSED MEATS.
\u25a0 Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ' .
. BEEF— 4%@S%o for Steers aad 8%©4%0 pc»
lb for Cows. .
VEAL— Large. 6@7c; small. 899%e per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%©7%e; Ewes, 6O«K«
per lb. \u25a0 ' - . \u25a0 :s~
LAMB— B«B%e per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6%®90 per lb. P-; V ,V;
\u25a0 LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat Market.
CHICAGO, Aug. 19.— Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady ; winter patents,
$3 90(g4 40; straights. $3 Cs®4 15; spring pat
ents. $4®4 65; straights. 54 65(34 75v No. 3
spring wheat, 85@90c; No. 2-red. 80%@80%c;
No; 2 corn/ 54% c; No. 2 yellow, 56% c; No. 2
oats. 25c; No. 2 white. 26%®27%c; No. 3
white, 2oVi<g>2B%c No. 2 rye, 67% c; good feed-
Ing barley, 37c; fair to choice malting, 43©47 c;
No. 1 flaxseed. $1 06; No. 1 Northwestern,
$ I 16; prime '• timothy ; seed, $3 45; mess pork,
per barrel, $14 10@1415; lard, per 100 pounds.
*7 67 % ; short . ribs \u25a0 . sides (loose) . fc $8 65@8 75 ;
short clear sides (boxed), $8 87%<3>9 12%: whis
ky, basis of high wines, $128; clover, contract
grade • $12 25.
Articles—^ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels... 16.000 31.000
Wheat, bushels... 107.900 176.000
Corn, bushels 279.000 277,000
Oats bushels. 862. 0C0 168,000
Rye.' bushels.... 9,000
Barley, bu5he15. .....;.... 35,000 4,900
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Bank Clearings.
Local batik clearings for the week Ju»t end
ed, compared with the corresponding week of
last year, show the large gain of $0,779,978,
tbe amount being $39,^94,01». against $29,614,
117 In 1904. The clearings for the came week
la 1903 were $27,707,217.
Eastern Dried Fruit Mnrket.
Tbe latent mail reports from the East say:
"While Jobbers are inclind to eive more
atUßtinn to tuture prunes. 1 litre is nothing
of a speculative nature in toe demand. Or
ders, though rairly numerous, are generally
jot lots of one or two carloads lor early October
shipment. The views of kuians on th« coast
•re very firm aad the tendtney of prices la
strongly upward. The basis now generally de
manded is o' 5 c for tbe four sizes of Santa
Claras in bags f. o. b, coast, with some pack
«rs,quoting on a 4c f. «. b. bag basis. Occa
sional eaJes, however, are still being made
«a a shade less than the 3%c f. o. b. basis,
though the quantity available at anything un
der the last named basis is small and daily be
ooming smaller. A premium is etill demanded
©a 306 and 90s by all sellers. Offerings of
Oregon Italian prunes for tuiure delivery are
made on the f. o. b. coast basis of 2;« c for
&0-40E and 2%c<for 40-50s. out the quantity
available this year is very small. The strong
tone of the market for future peaches is main
talced, and brokers still complain of the dif
ficulty in retting pack-ers to quote. Buyers
show no disposition to take hold at such prices
as are named, maintaining that they are too
high for present consideration. Apricots are
offered somewhat more ireelj', though sellers
<So not eeem disposed to make concessions from
their former quotations based on 7c for choica
Royals f. o. b. coast. No new developments
in the California raisin situation were noted on
Saturday. Offerings were extremely light and
Drices very firm at tbe recent advance, but
buying interest was less pronounced than
earlier in the week. Currants remained firm,
but quiet."
\«-v» York Stock List.
NEW TORK. Aug. 19.— Money on call nom
. lr-si. "Time 'loans firm: sixty day*, 2%@3 per
.cent;- «ln*ty daye, 8€3%; six months, 4 per
cent. \u25a0• .. \u25a0...--\u25a0 -
Prime mercantile pap*-r. 4^4% per cent.
-.sterling exchange unsettled, with \u25a0 actual
bufftaess in bankers' bills at 54.566054.8875 for
demand and at ?4.M75 for sixty day' bills.
! posted, rat iMv J-4 >T>% and $4 S7V*.
Commercial Mil*. ?4 84©4 ««4%.
Bar silver, Co%c.
J ' Mexican dollars, 4C%c.. \u25a0 ..--\u25a0;.\u25a0;
«.}ov«rniment binds steady; railroad bonds
* in-csJilar. \u25a0 < . '. . s£i7-£i.~
New York Money Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
The recort of G. N. Salisbury, Section Di
rector, United Btates Weather Bureau, for the
Washington Crop Bulletin, week ended August
14. is as follows: •
Another dry and warm week has been added
to tie long period of drought that has ccntln
ued practically unbroken lor thirty days. In
the western counties the weather wu only
moderately warm, but in the eastern counties
the week was hot throughout.
The warm weather was beneficial to corn,
tomatoes, melons and hope. Corn has seldom
done bo well as it has this season, particularly
sweet corn in the western counties. Hops have
made very satisfactory development; the burrs
are now of lair size and growing well. The
insect pests are under control. Melons are
being shipped in great quantity and of excel
lent quality from the Yaklma country. Early
potatoes have done well, but the dry weather
IT having a bad effect on the late crop. Root
crops, especially beets, are doing well. Gar
deas are suffering from lack of moisture, and
apples and prunes are dropping quite badly
from the effects of the heat.
Pastures, particularly on uplands. ar» be
oomlng very short and dry. A second crop of
olover has been cut In the western districts
and secured in good condition. Flax is ripe
and laJbeUtg. cut.
- The w*ath«r is all that could be desired for
the harvesting of grain. Winter wheat cutting
Is nearly completed, and considerable thresh
ing has been done, with very good yields both
ln~ quantity anfl quality. The cutting ' of
spring wheat is well along; probably three
ieurth* done, except in late localities, in come
of which it will lineer until the end of the
month. From present appearances the yield
will be a m<"dium on«, of excellent quality,
the Tallin* off from the early expectations of
-an unusually large yield being due to the In
. jury from hot winds, which in some districts
an» considerable. In other districts, however.
tftere was little or no injury. - and in s>uch
oeses the yield will .be heavy- \u25a0 The warm
\u25a0weather ripened oats rapidly. Cutting Is well
' aler-K.' except on the lowlands of Fkaplt Coun
ty, where it has only fairly begun. The crop
.premises to be a very good one. although not
' unusually heavy. * ' v
Washington Crop Bulletin.
From the Crop Bulletin. United States De
partment of Agriculture. Washington, D. C,
for week ending August 7. I»o5:
The report* concerning apples continue un
favorable from nearly all districts. x
" New England — Apples poor; other fruit plen
tiful.
N«w York— Hods fair; apples very poor;
plums and pears fair; grapes and peacnes good.
New jersey — Apples dropping badly in
droughty places.
Pennsylvania— Many apples and peaches not
maturing.
Maryland and Delaware — Apple and pear
crop :a;r.
Virginia — Apples poor, except locally.
Florida — Caru-, peas, citrus trees and minor
crops doim well.
Texas— fruit fair to rood.
Arkansas— Apples will be light crop, peaches
ta.tr.
Tennessee^ — Fruit poor; apples scarce.
Kentucky — Fruit depreciating.
Missouri — Apples scarce.
Illinois — Apples poor; crapes fine.
Indiana — Apple crop light; ether fruit fair;
grapeg abundant.
West Virginia — Apples promise less than half
crop; other fruits r>oor.
Ohio — Blackberries good; prospects for other
fruits generally becoming poorer.
Michigan — Apple prospect declining; peaches
ripening. ,
Wisconsin— Apples fair; cranberries continue
satis factory.
lowa— Fruit men estimate apple crop one
third of normal.
Kansas — Apples rood.
Idaho — Melons being shipped.
New liexico-^-Fruitß abundant and excellent.
Arizona — Heavy grape shipments; prune, fig
aad raisin dryinK continues.
Oregon — Apple* small and crop below aver
age; peaches fair to good; prunes dropping
more than usual. ' •.'\u25a0". ' '
Fruit Crop Report.
....... Wells-Fargo Ex . .....240 250
100 Western Union.. 93% 93% 93% 94%
....... Wertlnghouse .;. ..... .'.... 170 171
....... .Do Ist pfd.... ..... ....; 180 195
..:.... W & L E...'.:. ..... ..... 17% 80%
Do Ist pfd ..... 40 42'
....... Do 2d pfd.... .......... 24% 25'
7,900 Wisconsin Cen.; 31% 29% 31% 31%
6.000 Do pfd ... 60% 68% 60% 60%
251,000 — Total shares sold. •
New York Bonds.
U S ref 2s reg..104% Japan 6s. 2d ser.. 99%
Do c0up0n...... 104% Japan- 4% 5, cert.. 90%
Do Ss reg......103% Japan 4%5. 2d »er 81%
Do c0up0n..... .103% 'L & N unified 4s. 104%
Do new 4s reg.l33 Man . con gold 4s. 104 V*
Do coupon.. .\ . .133 S Mcx Central 45. .. 78
-Do old 4s reg..104% Do Ist 1nc.... 24%
Do coupon 104% Minn & St L 45.; 97^
Amer Tob 4s 7«% M. X & Texas 45.103%
Do 6s .........116i; Do 2ds .....'.;. 88U-
Atch gen 4s. .104% XR of Mcx con 4s 84'
Do adj 45:..... 9« NY C *en 3%5.. 99%
Atlantic C L 45.102% N ,; J C gen 55.. ..134%
Bait & Ohio 45.. 105% Nor Pacific 45.... .110%
Do 3%b ....... 95% Do 3s ........ -77:
Central of Ga 85.114 Xor & W con 4s. 102%
Do Ist lne 98 1 OS L refdg 45... 96%
Do 2d 1nc.... 80% Paconv 3%5.:...106-
Ches & Ohio 4%5.115% Reading gen 45... 102%
1 Chi & Alton 3%5. 80%! S L& I M con 55.116%
C. B & Q new 4».101%'5t L & S F fg 4s. B!*i4
C. R I & Pao 4s. 83V St L S W con 4s. 83%
Do col 5s 9G t*| Seaboard A L 4s. f>n%
C.C.C &SL gn4s.lol%fSo Paclflo 45.;. V. 05%
Chi Term 45.;... 95 - I Do Ist 4«. cert. 97
Colo Midland 45.. TS'A^o Railway 85....119%
Colo & So 45.... 93%'JTex & Pac . lsts. .123
Colo Ind ss. ser A 73 Tol. St L& W 4s. 80%
Do ss, ser 8.. 71% Union Pacific 45.. IOK %
Cuba ss, cert.... 108 Do cony 4s .....136
Den & Rio O 45.102. U.S. Steel 2d 55.. 97%
Dl«t Securities 5s Rl%lWabash l»ts .....118
Erie prior lien 4a.101%i Do deb B ....'. L 7
3 gen 4s ..... 94% Western Md 45.. . 89
: F W A D C lsts.ll3'- W & L Erie 45.. .93
Hock Val 4%5...U0% Wls Central 45... 94%
• Japan 6s. cert... lol ' ••;
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con .' 25| Little Chief ......'.. 05
Alice 551 Ontario ...........2 00
Breece ..... ... 45lOphir ....'. ..6 75
Brunswick C0n.... 17lPhoenix C 2
Comstock- Tunnel.. -07|Potosl :\u25a0 08
Con Cal & Va 1 16 Savage.'...' 57
Horn Silver... 1 7S| Sierra Nevada..;.. • 34
Iron Silver .8 60 Pmnll Hope* '.. ?8
Leadrllle Con 06| Standard ....... ..185
> . Boston Stocks nnd Bonds.
Money— I Do pfd. .\u25a0.......'.104%
Call loans 2%©3%| Westing Common., 85
Time 10an5.... 3%®4% Mmmg — • '
Bonds — . Adventure ....... SUI
Atchlson adj 45.. 9S Allouez- .....33%
Do 45.;. ...102% Amalgamated .... 85%
Mexican Cen 45.. 76 American Zinc... 10
Railroads — Atlantic ..' .... i 5%
Atchison 80% Bingham 30%
Do pfd ..103V4 Calumet & Hecla.CfO ..
Boston & Albany. 2s4 Centennial .25
Boston * Maine.. l7B Copper Range....." 68
Boston Elevated.. 153 I Daly West 16 .
Fitchburjr pfd 146 Dominion Coal 78. .
Mexican Central.. 23% Franklin .. ... 13
NY. NH & H..207 Granby 7%
Union Pacific .135% Isle Royale .21%
Miscellaneous — Mars Mining 8
Am Artre Chem.. 24% Michijran 13%
Do pfd... 95 Mohawk ... .. 55
Amer Pneu Tube. 7% Mont Coal & Coke 3%
Amer Sugar 144% Old Dominion..... 27%
Do pfd 138 Osceola .'. 99
Amer Tel & Te1.. 141% Parrot ........... 24%
Amer W001en.... 2R 14 Quincy ..100%
• Do pfd 104% Shannon '......- 7%
Dominion I & S.. 22 Tamarack 122
Ed Elec 11ium.... 254 Trinity ."..... ' 8H
General Electric. lB3 United Copper.... 86%
Mass Electric 152% U S Mining....... 82%
Do pfd 61 (U S Oil ...... 10%
Macs Gas 50% Utah.. ..45
United Fru1t.....108 Victoria 4%
Un Shoe Mach... 84 Winona .......... 12%
Do Dfd 32% Wolverine ........120
U S Steel 36% -
Clearlng-Honse Banks.
NEW YORK. Aug. 19.— The statement of
averages for the clearing-house banks ' of i this
city for the week shows: Loans $1,146,101.
500. Increase $6,210,100; deposits $1,188,551,
300. increase $1,892,100; circulation $31,592,*
100. increase $1,124,600; legal tender $85,298,
700, decrease ?2.821,900; * specie, $221,194,800,
decrease $196,200; reserve, $306,493,500, \u25a0 de
crease $3,108,100; reserve required $297, 147,825,
Increase. $47,025; surplus $935,675, decrease
$3,491,125; ex-United States deposits $11,469,
275, decrease $3,493,423.
New York Cotton , Market.
NEW YORK. ' Augi 19.— Market , opened
around last night's , prices and after a : tem
porary hesitation moved up sharply about 10
points and reacted.* partially on realizing.
Texas is still without rain, although some is
predicted over Sunday. . !
The stocks of the week were rather bearish
. and spinners' takings fell off about 6000 bales
from the weekly average. Crop accounts , con
tinue very bullish. Shorts were nervous and
did most of the buying.' .- . \u25a0 •\u25a0 \u25a0
Futures opened steady. "August, 10.40 c; Sep
tember. 10.42 c; October, 10.60 c; December,
10.71 c; January, 10.80 c; March. 10.88 c. ' .
Futures closed steady. August, 10.44 c; Sep
tember, 10.45 c; October, 1 10.64 c; November.
10.58 c; December, 10.75 c; January, 10.83 c;
February, 10.86 c; March. 10.92 c; April. 10.93 c;
May, 10.95 c. . •
Spot closed quiet, 5 points advance: Mid
dling uplands, 10.80 c; middling Gulf, 10.06 c;
sales, 61 bales.. .. "-\u25a0\u25a0..'. .', . ' '
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK,. Aug. -19.— FLOUR— Receipts,
14,538 barrels; exports, 6497, barrels; sales,
1500 packages. Market quiet, but . steady.
Winter straights, $4 10®4 35; Minnesota pat
ents, $4@6 tiO; winter extras, $3@3 45; Minne
sota bakers, (3 65®4 10; winter low grades,
$2 90@3 40. - - ....'•\u25a0\u25a0•-. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 •
. WHEAT— Receipts, 48.800 bushels; sales. 1,
300,000 bushels. Futures.— Spot, . firm; No. 2
red, 87c elevator; No. 2 red, 88% c f. o. b.
afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 10% f. o. b.
afloat: No. 1 Northern ' Manitoba, nominal f. o.
b. afloat. Options were generally firm all the
forenoon on better cables I than j expected, cov
ering of shorts and prospects for export trade.
The close was Uc to « %c net \u25a0 higher. Sales
included No. 2 red May. . 89%@90%e. closed
90c; September. 86%@87%c, closed 87% c; De
cember. 88%@88%c, closed BS%c. : =
. HOPS — Quiet." State, common to choice,
1904. 19@25c: 1903, 18@20c; olds. > 10012 c; Pa
cific Coast. 1904. 19@24c; 1903, 17@19c; olds.
10@12c. • \u25a0 \u25a0• . : \u25a0 ;
HIDES — Quiet. Galveston, 20 to 25 pounds,
20c; California, 21 to 25 pounds, 19c; Texas
dry, 24 to 30 pounds, 18% c. ~ -
WOOL — Firm. Domestic fleece, 35®39c. '
PETROLEUM— Steady. Refined, New York.
S6 90; Philadelphia and Baltimore, $6 85; do, in
bulk. $395. ' r • .
! COFFEE^ — The market far - coffee futures
I closed steady, net unchanged to 5 points higher.
Sales, £.6,291 bags, including. November, 7.20®
7.25 c: October, 7.25 c; January. 7.60 c; March,
7.75@7.80c; May, 7.85®7.95c; July, 8.05 c: Spot
— Rio, steady; No.- 7 invoice, 8% 0; mild,
steady; Cordova, 10@13c.
The market during the week has been mod
erately active, . with : prices scoring: a \u25a0 maxi
mum advance of about 25 points •on buying,'
principally by Europe, of distant months and
of September by I one of the largest firms of
Importers and i roasters ;In the • country. :\u25a0; The
big Wall-otreet houses who have been the
heaviest longs have : transferred the : bulk of
their \u25a0• interests * from September to ' December
and March ontions. • - - •\u0084.:«\u25a0 ; : •.
. SUGAR — Raw. : nominal; -. fair '\u25a0 • refining.
3 7-16 c; centrifugal, 96 teet 4%c; molasses
sugar,- 3@3 l-tl6c; refined, < quiet; No. . 6, 4.70 c;
No 7. 4.65 c; No. 8, 4.50 c; No. 9, 4.60 c; No. 10,
4.45 c; No.. 11,. 4.35 c; No.- 12. 4.30 c; No.f 13,
4.20 c; No. 14, :4.15c; A, .'4.16 c;
mold A. 6.65 c; cut. .loaf. '6c ; crushed," 6c; pow
dered. 6.40 c; granulated. • 5.30 c; cubes, 5.55 c. -jL'*
BUTTER — Strong.*- Street : price, extra cream
ery, 21% c: official .prices, creamery, common
to extra, 18®21c. .
CHEESE — Quiet, unchanged; . ,-
EGGS — Strong. - Pennsylvania and nearby
fancy selected white." 27@28c ; do i choice. • 2S® •
26c; do mixed • extra,': 25c; • Western, : selected :
'extra, 22@23c; do firsts. 1 . 21 c. \u25a0;
" ; '\u25a0 -DRIED, FRUITS. . "iO.:
EVAPORATED : APPLES — Continun , firm.
Common to good. 4%@6c; prime, 7%c;. choice.'
7^Ac. and fancjv 8c -'» : > . ; v . --,;..;\u25a0
• PRUNES — Unchanged. _with quotations rang
ing from 4%c to o%c according to grade. J '.--*.\u25a0;'
APRICOTS — Are in moderate demand, i with
holders ? firm In \u25ba their ; views. Choice,"- B®B%c; '
extra choice. B%©B%c> and ; fancy,* 9%@10c.
PEACHES— Are .offered sparingly : fonfuture
\u25a0bipment and «pot supplies are still contracted.
Fancy, ll%c. .; \u25a0. '.-•.\u25a0 - ' '.: \u25a0 '\u25a0< < ••\u25a0?,••. - ; ; '..y;
\u25a0 - RAISINS — Are unchanged. Loose \u25a0 muscatels,
A%c; seeded. sVi@7%c and London r layers,
$I©l 16. c, . \u25a0'-.\u25a0' .. -'\u25a0\u25a0-. - -. .-••• •,\u25a0•"•\u25a0\u25a0'
.:\u25a0 New ' Yoirk Metal Market. ' ; ; /
NETW YORK. Aug.- 19.'— The'* metal Vmarket
was quiet. ;' Holders ~ in : nearly i all } lnstancts
were firm "In - their : views. ;•..; Lake * and «lectrb
lytlc copper is c quoted -;. at i <a%@ls 87% ;
caetlng;,at:sls 25@15 50.>- ,- ;\u25a0.-.;--; \u25a0.-.; --s .^ I
Spot -tin— f32 60@32 75. ; ; • ; I \u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0•
Lead— Quiet: $4 60@4 70.-. . : / l
Spelter— ?s 7005 80. , / f
Iron — Remains steady,: at < recent prlces.f . ;/
CHICAGO^ BOARD OF TRADE./
E F. Jlulton i Co.. 4'JO Cstifomla street.
Ban' Francisco, mdnbfn bf the New York
fcrock Excisarigr..- furnish- the following official
quotations «f that Exchange:
r £*Vt*.\ STOCKS. . ;HlghlLow.l 2id.| Ask.
lAllis Chalmers..! | , n^ 17 i.'
j.: j Do pM •! I- 1 * X)
, i Adams Kspretfj!. I j 244 250
11.6001 AmalK Copp«T .| Ss%j 85 85%) ,S6
\u0084;....iAra JJtrt Sugir..! 1 23 25
I Do |»fd ...I -1..... SO |84
!Am Can Co ....J.....1 11%! 11%
.:..;..•( "do f-fd .;.. ...1. ......'... 70 I 70«4
700: Am Car & Fy Co! 37% 37»i :t7%| 37%
..; \u25a0 Do i»fd .......! 101UI102
\u25a0 Am Cotton 0i1..! 29%t Soi*
... ! do prd ..! 1....*. 02 as
jAm Dist Tel 1 1 32 j 35
..1.... Atn Express-...!- !.....'222 J23.1
.JAm Or Twine Co!. '...'..! 4% , T»%
..'.;... Am -Hide & Lr. : 1..'...! hU "%
1.20(t Do l/fd ....... 39tfl 39 |3a sa>4
JAm L!n«?cd *.:.; ... ..!..:.. IR 4 20
...... J Do pfd .- .-.::- }.'..'.. I 41 43
4.2o6iAra Ijocomotivc. M%l £3%J 84%f.54%
200' Do pfd .......117 jll«-'117 . Jll« -\u25a0
iAm Malt !..... ..:f 4% 4%
....•?.:! Do pfd ..: {;:.. A:.... \ 22V, 23 U
. 4,700iAr0 Km &Rf 00!125%!127^!125>4 125%
20C Do pfd .1122. 1122 121% 1122%
200 Am Su«ar |144%!144% 1*4%!144%
...... A Do pfd J... ....... 135%|140%
.-'\u25a0\u25a0 WOjAm Steel Fdrfe»| B%i 9% BV4I «%
Future Grain and Provisions./ '-*
'\u25a0' CHICAGO, \u25a0 Augl ; 19.— The 1 ; market ! for*' wheat
gave indications of .' atrength |at the /tart be
cause of higher ' quotations \u25a0 from ! Liverpool and .
Paris. > due ••; to •; talk of \- Russian *? famine,?, to
gether ' with :t failure .1 of p seasonable '/ rains '-^ mi
India: ;;> Under >\u25a0 the ;^ spell '^ of J' such i; news? Sep-i
tcmbef '; started ' a", shade- lower J to ; %@\4 c s high- \u25a0
er ; at , 81 Vi @81 %c.t and i advanced tto > 81%c.*,3.The \u25a0
firm mood gradually i gave : ,way,"J however,"- -when
assurances 1 began | to : come '\u25a0 In | f rom : the ; North- \u25a0
west % that V spring 1 wheat', mreshing Chad's re-"
.'commenced. :' Nothing s appeared sln j' the S news
to I contradict < former , estimates ; of ; an J exceed-"
ingly good . crop. " The * result > was a ; curtail-*
ment t of ; speculative \u25a0? demand t with \u25a0 \u25a0 plenty > of
1.......1 Do pfd 1 | | 39 | 40 •
|Am Tel Sl T Co.|. | |142 |143% |
500! Am Tob pfd JlO2 |101%|102 \XOZY4.
I 700 jAm Woolen ....| 38% | 3S»4i 35%1 39
800! Do pld 100i,|100 104%|105
.'Anaconda i 115^4 11«%
|Aun Arl>or 1 35 40
j Do prd • 178 85
100;AU&n Coast Line 160 I*s 166 166%
B,9OV| A T& S F SK> 89?» B&*i «>}*
I Do pfd ,103% 104
l.SOOjßalt & Ohio 113% 113 [lU's 113%
j Do pfd 85 198
|Bay State Gas I 3-16 %
2,500i8 R T C 9% #>% 6»% 60%
lirook Un Gas Ibs 190
IBruns D & 1 15 15%
IButterick Co 05 59
(Canada Southern 69 71%
3, ft*). Canadian Pacific 100 158% 159% 160
9OOJC & 0 57 56% 56% 67
•I |C & A 38 40
2OO[ Do pfd 81% 81U 78 81%
jC &E I pfd 130 140
(C I&. L pfd 70 90
2,700, C & G W....... 22% 21% 22% 22%
300j Do pfd A 71% 70»4 71% 72
1 Do ptd B 34% 35
( Do debs 88% 87%
l,G0O;C & N \V 221>4 221 221 Vi 221%
7.8001 C M & St P ISS» 3 184%|155% IS3; S
I Do pfd 101 193
2,400-C R1 & P <new) 34 33% 34 34%
«00i Do pfd 7Q% 79% 79% 80
|C R I & P 4"s 83% S3TS
Chicago Ter 17% 18
I Do pfd 39 40
Chicago Un Tr S% 9%
Do pfd 34 37
CC C & St L 101 102
Do Pfd \u0084 118 120
Cleveland L & W 75 S2
i Do pfd 105 112%
1.300jCo!o Fuel & Iron 47 46% 47 47^
100! Do pfd 62 62 C 2 62%
|C H C & 1 40% 41
200, Colorado So 25% 23% 2Sfc 28%
Do Ist pfd 62 62% !
100j Do 2d pfd 40% 40% 40% 41 i
lOOlConsolidated Gas 188 188 167 189
200iCorn Products... 11 Vi 11% 10% 11U
Do Dfd 48 50%
- 1.200J Del & Hudson... 312 311 311 312
!D L & W k 213% 214%
300D&RG 35 35 34% 35Vi
Do pfd B»}i 90
Dcs M & Ft D 21 22
2Oo,Detroit Un Ry.. 94% »4% 94% »5
Detroit Southern 9 12
Diamond Match 142 143 :
Distilling Sec 42% 43%
Dib Sec Bonds .".. 81 81%
400Duluth S S & A 16 15% 15% 15%
500] Do pfd 34% 3414 34H 34%
6.Boo|Erie \u0084 48% 48 48% 48%
900 Do Ist pfd..:. 84% 84 84 84%
500 Do 2d pfd 75 74% 74% 75%
60«J E & T H 73 72 72 73
Do pfd 99 100 '
Ft W & D C 71% 73
General Chem 57 CO
....... Do pfd 104 107
1,600 General Electric. 183% 182% 183% IS4
SOO Gt Northern pfd 321 319 319 321
2.ooo:Greene Cons Cop 24% 24% 24% 24%
i Havana Tob Co 26 29
1 1 Do pfd 71 75
Hocking Valley. 91 93
Do pfd 92V. 93%
900 Illinois Central.. 177% 176% 177 177%
Interboro 211 215
Interntl Marine 13« 13%
Do pfd 3D 31
Interntl Paper 21% 21%
Do pfd SOVi 80%
....... Interntl Power 72 73
Intl Pump pfd S3 86
100 lowa Central .. 28% 28% 25% 29
• 300 Do pfd 67 50% 56% 57
Jap Ist bonds 101 101%
I Do 2d bonds »9% 99%
Do 4% bonds 90% 90%
Kanawha & Mich 33 36
X C Ft S&M pfd 83; .84"
100 Kansas City So. 27% 27% 28 28%
Do pfd 58% 59
(Keokuk & Dcs M 16 18
Laclede Gas pfd 95 110
Lake Erie & W 35 37
Do pfd 96 98
Lehigh Valley 71 71%
Long Island 67 . 70
1.600 L & N 149% 149% 149% 149%
Mackay |..... 40% 41%
Do pfd 1 74 74%
Manhattan ) . 166% 167%
I.7oo|Met Securities... 83% 82% 83% 83%
1.300 Met Street Ry.. 129H 128% 129% 129%
400 Mexican Central. 24 23% 23% 24
Minn & St Louis 68 70
Do Ist pfd 105 112
MStP& 3 S M 140 141
Do pfd 166 156%
1.200 Mo Kan* A Tex. 32% 32% 32% 32%
600 Do pfd 70% 70 70% 71
S.SOOlMiMourt Pacific. 107% 106 107% U>7%
IN C & Bt Louis. ..150
1.900 National Lead .. 44% 43% 43% 44
Do pfd 105 106
N R R of M pfd 39% 40
600 National Biscuit 55 54% 64% 35
800 Do pfd .111 110 110 111
N J Central... 213 215
; N V Air Brake.. 152VJ 156
2,700 N V Central 155 154% 154% 155
X T C t St L 62 53
Do Ist pfd 82 84
N V Dock 24% 30
N V N H & H 206% 208
2,200 N V Ont & West 55*4 54% 55-* 55%
2.800 Norfolk & West. 85% 85% 85% 85%
I Do pfd 00 95
I.4ooiNorth American. 100% 100 100% 101
(North Securities 187- 188
1,000 Northern Pacific. 213 212% 213% 213%
Omaha 104 108
Do pfd ..... 195 205 i
O S L 45.... 96% f»7
Pacific Coa«t ... .;. f>C 98
:...... Do Ist pfd ..... 101 " 110
Do 2d pfd... 8714 100
100 Pacific Mail .... 44% 44% 44 45
34.SW,Penn R R C 0... 145% 144% 14.">% 145%
. 20C!People'«. Gas ... 105 1104% 104^ 105
2001P C C & St L... 52%1 82% 82% 84
! Do pfd .V:..!..... lfifl - 110
7rtO[Pre!>ad Steel Car 47 \u25a0 48% 4«% 47
800! Do pfd ....... 97 96% 06% 07
....... iPullman Car C 0....'. ..... 250 1252
'Ry St Springs Co ..' 36% VtK
I Do pfd ..-..:.. . ..... 100%|10(>%
21.000!Readingr 112% 111% 112*41112%
".. Do Ist pfd.... ..... .....I 94% 95
Do 2<l pfd..... ..... .....[ 04 94%
f»Oo!Republlc S ft I. 21% 211$ I 21U| 21%
1.200! Do pfd ....... 88% 87% 1 87% 189
I Rubber Goods .. |34Sil «.\u25a0:
r 100! Do pfd ....... 105 1105 .1105 * JIO7
200|.«l-Ph S& I Co.| JK>%| 90% .90 1)1%
:MV>!st L &SF Ist pfd 170 I7S 7!) ISO •
200" Do 2d.pfd ...J f3)%1 694 fio% 70
. I.ROOiSt LA- R-W....1 20%! 26 26*4 26%
2001 Do pfd ....... jKI 163 63% fern
; s,4ooiSouthern Pac....| C7%1e«% (57% 57%
\u25a0 : I Do pfd .....j. 11ia,.. Un%
800!Soitthern Ry ...\ XiyJ 3i% 35- .-}SU \u25a0
.......J Do pM ...:..•. I !..... rm% »«%
(Standard Oil :.'...... \. .... 620 625'
- IStandard R.& T1.....1..... Wt\- \\L
4,4oo!Tenn Coal * Iron 90% 89%1 1)0% 90%
... <Tex Pae LTr Co . : . . . ..... j 43% 44U
I.3PolT«cs«- Pacific '..I TinVt 3.'!%! SflVi •'\u25a0«%
• 200! Third Aye ..... tffj. 163 , 101 lftiS
..'Tol Ry hTr Co. ..... ..... 34U 3+sJ
..ITolSt L& W. .......... 37 il zz*
...... A Do i>fd .....:. ....: ..:-. ss r,n J ,
...... .[Twin City R T..1;.... ....'.U17% 117%
....... lUn4on. Bas & P . .. ..1. .... 11.. 11%
I Do pfd ....... ..... |. .:.-.• 79% SO n
33,600' Union Padflc;. .'. 130 tl3still?.ri% ISO
... 1 Do pfd ....:;. |;.... 1..... I JVS- 08%;
iU P Cony 4's.. i:r>«im%
.-.TB'tM Copr>er .. .....I i .ir.U! .iii:
200! Unit Rds of S F{ 72%| 72 | 72U 731 A
...:...] Ob pfd .......1..... .....j SRTii pi) *
ROOIU S'. Cast -I P..J r.IK 31 I 30%| 31?*
i,400v Do i>fd ..;....! f»3% 93 ;n^ naxi
...;... ItT R Kxpress 1. ....!.. .;.|123 12<l'
....:..!TT'S LcathPr. ..'.!...:.!. ....1 43?; a%v.
I Do nfd ...... J:...\|.....|104 , 104%
in R Realty Ik C 1.. ...!..... »2 02«
....... UtS R & R C0..1....-.J.....i 33* i! 34 V
....•..;! Do pm....... !.....(...:. 1 7ii;|.71%
30f>tU S Rubber.'.. :.\:~"\: \ ,TWH\ n2%}'53 .
•6fio! Do pfd ,:...;;iui > ino%]uo ->Jm
9.10T11U S- Ptfel C0r.. 1 3«HI 3«W ."X.U 3r,%
8.200! Do pf<l . ...... 1104%|103%i1<M%!104%
.....;. • Va-Car ChemCo .....1:....! 33% .14
.......I Do pfd,....;.. ..-.;. ..-.;. 1O7« 108%'
3Oo:w«ba»h .......; 21% 20%1;21!4 21%
J-rDo'pMr.:::.;. ..... ..... 43- 43%
. ..J Do deb B*s... ..... .. t .-.j 73i4J 73%
Everything ' under this bead remalsa abort
the same. Quotations for new Wool are ex
pected this week.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIa and brand« «en
about %®lc under quotations. Heavy Baited
Steers.- 12c; medium. ll%c; light, llcj Cow
Hides, lie for heavy and lie for light;
Stags. B%c: Salted Kip. lie; Salted Veal. 13o;
Salted Calf. 13c; dry Hides. 19% c; dry
Kip. 17c; dry Calf. 22c; Sheepskins, shearlings.
25® 50c each; short Wool, 50®90c each; medium.
90ctf*l 25; lon* Wool. $1 25®2: Horse Hides,
salt $3 25 for large and $2 75 for medium.
$2 2*5 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75®2 for large aad $1 60 for
medium. $1 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican, 30c; dry salted Mexican.
25c- dry Central American, 30c Goat Skies-
Prime Angoras, 76c; extra large do. $1 25;
large, 50c; medium, 50c: small, 355.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3% ©4c per lb;
No. -2. 3®3%c; Grease. 2®2%c.
WOOL — Spring clip— Humboldt aad Mendo
clno 28030 c. Fall clip— San Joaquln Lam be.
free. 17019 c; do. defective. 18®18o per lb.
HOPS — 1904 crop, 18®20c per lb; 1908 crop.
14®16c. ' ! \u25a0 " ' " .
Hide*, Tallow, Wool and Hoy*.
Ncz:; York stocks about the same. Cotton higher.
Local Gas and Salmon stocks still active, and unsettled.
Large gain of $9,780,000 in local bank clearings.
Silver V A c lower. Exchange rates unchanged.
Wheat futures weaker and Barley futures tinner.
Nothing new in Oats, Corn or Beans.
Less congestion in Hay in the railroad yards. Feedstuff s firm.
Potatoes firmer under lighter receipts. Onions steady.
Poultry in good supply, quiet and weak.
Fresh and Citrus Fruits in good demand and steady.
Another advance in Dried Fruit's and Raisins.
Butter and Cheese steady. Eggs in lighter supply. *
Provisions quiet. Decline in live Hogs expected.
\u25a0Poor prospects for an Apple crop this year. \
Unfavorable reports from tlie European Prune crops.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
' s Feedstuff s rule firm, at > the ; recent . advance.
Receipts of Hay fell oft again yesterday. bein«
only '• 392 ' tons, including : 18 . cars. ;\u25a0 Dealers > re
ported . that the ; tracks were not full, for the
first time in ' several months, | though ; there . was
plenty aci oss . ; the ? bay, . somewhere '. or other.
Prices < chow ; considerable * revision. * except In
the upper grades, which show no change.
The circular of Scott & Mag Tier says: \u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0.-'.
\u25a0 ' VArrivals of; Hay for the week Just passed
were.sB43 tons. v. v ._, : 7.
;\u25a0\u25a0••- '.This . shows ' that there ' has been ,no let up
to \u25a0' the great * volume of ' Hay which has - been
poured into this market for the last few weeks.
The warehouses ' throughout the country ' are
being rapidly filled and. 'from the present out
look, all storage that Is available will be taken
up. This not only applies to public warehouses,
but also to all private barns that Hay can be
stored in., .>''.\u25a0\u25a0 •„ «\u25a0« \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0-.-\u25a0\u25a0, \u25a0 .. \u25a0 i- \u25a0: ,
"The early rain that we had last season has
taught . a lesson to many. ,It looks as ' though
the Hay* would be cleaned out of the fields this
year earlier, than usual. While prices on Hay
during this week ' have - not been ' lower,' yet
there Is an easier tendency* throughout th*
entire line. The cheaper varieties of Hay go
begging. and fancy lots are coming more freely
and have-not been selling as readily, although
prices are.not quotably lower. . Choice -Wheat
Hay brings $13 to $13, 50 and choice tame Oat
Hay ?10 50 to $11 per ton here. ',' - :
"Alfalfa Hay Is coming forward 'a • little
more freely and, while the demand is not par
ticularly active, yet' what Is- offered on the
market Is apparently . absorbed .In \u25a0 the ' regular
trade demand. - ; „ . .. ' • . v . •\u25a0"
"Straw is also arriving more freely and sells
at • unchanged • figures.". ,--,
BRAN— S22O23 per ton. '
MIDDLINGS— S26@29 per ton.
.:\u25a0! SHORTS— S23O24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — . Rolled Barley, $21©23;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $33 50@34 60; jobbing,
$35; Cocoanut Cake at mill, $22@22 50; jobbing.
$23; Cocoanut Meal at mill. $22@22 50; jobbing,
$23 ; • Corn Meal, $30@30 50 ; Cracked Corn.
$30 50@31; Mixed Feed, $22 50@24; \u25a0 Horse
' Beans, $30<g40 per \u25a0 ton ; Broom Corn Feed. 90c
per ctl: Calf alf a Meal, carload lots, $21; Job
bing. $22 60 per ton; Mealfalfa. $18 In car lots
and $20 for smaller quantities. •
HAY —^Wheat, $7®13 50: Wheat • and Oat,
$7@12 50 : . Oat, $6 50®ll 60; Barley and Oat,
$7@» 50; -Barley. $709; Volunteer Wild Oat,
(6£S; stable. $6@S; stock, $5®6; Clover, $7®
10; Alfalfa, $6®9per ton. .
STRAW— 3O® 50c per bale. .
Hay and ' Feedstuff*.
' ', The . market seems pretty well established
for the time being and quotations l show no
further ' change. ' Business " continues quiet.
•CURED MEATS— Bacon." 12% c per- lb for
heavy, 12% c for light medium. 13%®14c
for light. 14@14%c for extra light and 16%0
18c for sugar-cured; dry Salt Sides. 10%@ll%c;
Bellies.' 12c; .Eastern - sugar-cured Hams.
14@14%c- California Hams. 13c; Mess Beef.
S9 60 per bbl : extra Mess. $10; Family. $11 ;
prime* Mess Pork. $14; extra clear, $19 SO;
Mess, $17 60; Pig Pork. $22; Pigs* Feet. $5;
Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6c per lb for
California compound. ' 7%c for Eastern com
pound and 10c for pure; half barrels, pure.
10% c; 10-lb Una, 10% c; 6-lb tin*. 10%o; 3-lb
COTTOLENB — One half barrel. B%c; tare*
half barrels. B%c; one tierce. So; two tleroe*.
7%c: five tierces, . 7%0 per Ik
ProTislons.
are as follows: Graham Flour, $3 29 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour. ! $3 75; Rye Meal, $3 50; • Rice
Flour. $8 ; Corn Meal. <$2 76 ; extra Cream do.
$3 75; OatMeal. l s4 25®4 60; Oat Groats, »4 60;
Hominy. ,; $3 75@4 ; i Buckwheat Flour. $4 60®
4 75; \u25a0 Cracked Wheat, $3 75:: Farina,' *4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; ' Rolled Oats, bbls,
(6 50@7 50; in sacks • $6@7 ; Pearl Barley. $6 ;
Split Peas, boxes, $5 50; Green Peas. |5 60 per
100 lb«.; -.••\u25a0\u25a0
wheat to : be " had. : A reaction In prices fol-.
lowedr -The 'break 'was accuropanled by much
professional i short selling."^ The \u25a0 close j showed
but ;- a r shade \u25a0of Improvement over, the :. lowest
prices " of * the , day, •• September i closing i easy, at
SO94@SO%c. \u25a0-;-':\u25a0:\u25a0:\u25a0: :.\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 v> - - •\u25a0.•-• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0»'^-\^^
r.-.A,-little, of the; previous, day's ; flnnntM
growing • out ., of .: export * demand \u25a0 remained \u25a0 In
the ; corn^ pit • at ; start, out continued fine
prospects * for the \u25a0 coming s crop •' later ; Inclined
the trade % to* take - a ; bearish view tof those
futures that will be affected -by deliveries of t
the new grain. Some : early : buying ; of an In- .
fluentlal character sent the price, of September
from 53% to 63% c at the opening, up to 53% c,
but : from -that point' a? graaual \u25a0 recession oc
curred - until ! the '• close. •- aepiember ; closed •. at
53% c. a gain! of* %c. > - : ; ' - -
: In : tho '- market for oats : the ; Influence of
a continuance of heavy receipt* and Increas
ing . .. stocks : • was j offset to a-; large degree
by improvement In /export, trade. September
sold down from 260. the opening price, to -s'Jic,
the final quotation. •-,'\u25a0- ..;•\u25a0': \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0..•\u25a0:\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 - ; V; :: v ;
\u25a0Provisions were ; easy under 2 the weight of
scattered local offerings. . Brokers acting for
the packers aided In ; the recovery of part of
an early loss throughout the \ list, but , their
support was Inadequate and - final transac
tions netted: small losses. September ' pork
closed 10c down; lard; so and ribs 2%c : lower.
Th ' leading futures ranged as follows : - -
Articles— > . Open. High. - Low. Close.
- Wheat No. 2— \u25a0- • •' \u25a0 - ; \u25a0 . \u25a0'' '
September . . ... 81 % 81 % 80% 80%
December ..... ,83 83% 82% 82%
May ........... 85% 85% ' 85% 85%
Corn No. 2—2 — , - '\u25a0\u25a0 .
Sept.- (01d)......, 54 54% 63% 63%
Sept. (new)..... 53% 53% 53- 53%
Dec. (01d) . . . . . . 4G% 46% *«% \u25a0 . \u25a0*«%
Dec. (new)... .. 44% 44% 44%
May ........... 44% 44% 44 44
-.'Oats No, 2— ' , • • .• ; ' ' • '\u25a0• :
September ...... 26 26 26% 25%
December ..... 27 . 27 '26% 26%
May ........... 29 29 28%' 28%
Mess Pork, per bbl — ' _ ,
September .....14 15 \u0084 14 16 14 60 14 05
October, ........14 20 14 30 14 12% 14 15
Lard, per 100 lbs — \u25a0 . s Li.V
September '..... 7 67% 7 72% 7 67% 7 67%
October ........ 7 77% 780 7 77% 7 77%
Short Ribs, per 100 lb«— „ ' \u25a0
Sfptemter 870 ,8 72% 870 -8 70 .
October. :..877% 8 77% 8 75. 880
Nx>.vi2. lOOUc; No. 1. hardshell. 12c: KO.J.
10c;' Almonds.-- 16017 c for Nonpareils. 15©1wj
for I X\u25a0\u25a0 L and Ne Plus Ultra and 11012 c for
Languedoc; Peanuts. ft®7c for Eastern; Pe
cans. 11 ©13c: Cocoanuts. $4 5&55. • _^
HONEY— Comb. 10011 c for white and ie»o
for amber; .water white 'extracted, 5@5%e;
light amber . extracted, : 4®sc; dark. 3<@3%c;
Hawaiian, » 2S2^ic for . extracted.'. .- r
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
THE SAN FR A NGISCO GALL^ SUNDAY; AUGUST; 20, 1905.
Continued on Pag* Forty-jrif**
UNITED 1 STATES BONDS.'
; ;v ' Ask.J - ; Bld. : Ask
4s qr coup. .104 ,; 104%[4s qr cp new.l 32 • 132%
4s qr JrfK...104 104%(3a qr. coup... 103U1032
r\ MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. ••'
Ala A\u25a0 W 6s. •—- —' OkT Con ss . 109 —
Asso Otrss. 93% 95 O W ; gtd ss. — ' 90
Bay CPC 65.107%— Oceanic S ss. 65 "68
CnT»C.^G : ss.los% — « Om Cable 65.121 121U
Cal :.«3 &iE Rvr-.v: - , Pac Olm 4s. 94% 07%
\ >m &ct ss. 99 . 99% P E Ry 6s. .m 2 : —
Cal-st Ci55.111%113% PacL&P;ss lOl^Z
C C,Wat'ss.-— P & C'H 65.102% —
EdL & P 65.124% — P&o R Cs 110 —
,T,& C H 65.116 '— , Powell-st fls _ Z
LAG &E1 ss. — 104 -0900) 107U _
St«ifiJB4d s^Tirh? 0 * ICB%
LAH W 53.112% _: ,(i9os>Sr.B'- - -
LAP: C \u25a05fc:.109% — (1906) ' 104 —r'
Mkt^strc «s.nr;% _ , .;aoa«v -""\u25a0\u25a0_ Z
"* Do ;l cm i ss.ll« :\u25a0, — . SPC f cir*6s!ll7 —
MV&iMtT5s.lO5 — > % S : P-'B<-R-er«B "•— •
NR rt Of i Cj6s.lo3 .104 k ajv^vit'SilSJ^;-.
v^^i-^.'r; : \u25a0 -Do' 4, 2dm.ioo \u25a0 —
NCBi .-"^ VDo;4s 3dm.loo*ilol ,
&^*gj»-g; urVsl;^^-
Do 6i iV.V.;; — .-\u25a0 IU% Vai: Co P B*lo4 —
Dried • Fruit, Nuts, ; Kalalns ' nnd s Honey.
; The market : for : everything '; In the fruit \u25a0 line
continues ; extremely .' unsettled *. and . very.-' firm. '
Some houses say | that I they I are bewildered I by,
the sharp advance and rapidly -changing condi
tions. ?:-• Raisins . are higher, Kwith \u25a0 stocks • well
cleaned up. Apricots 'and Pears are also high
er."•\u25a0'»\u25a0 New i pitted . ; Plnms v are •: now ; quoted; ;\u25a0 The
Prune situation Is still .very etrong.,wlth < prices
creeping -up > from y day;, to ' day. ±- Reports ; from
the -European I Prune * crops -5 are | getting .worse
instead sof Ü better .' and the I same . may,* be \u25a0 said
of { the American /Apple s crop.T as .will •be 'ee«n
In ; the -' first ' column. ;r New t prices "on •; Walnuts
are -- expected *,- about I? September 2 15 : and - will
probably rule high r owing ; to short ' crop pros
pects."-'•;' :i -.•: >\u25a0'\u25a0' ""-.*f.v :\u25a0:: \u25a0: : \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0:\u25a0 rO;.-'.:-- -"i
•.." FRUITS--Apricots, : 6%@9c:- rf for s'.new/i crop
Royals I andi 8%@12c i for s Moorparks; * Peaches. ,
7 V.@7%c 1 1 0r 5 standards,^ B@Bi£c for. choice,^ B% '
©9c jfor t extra J choice '-and - 9 V.@loc 1 for.' fancy; '
Pear«>; new, , 7 % 612 c: I Nectarines.' 6@7c ; i Plums,',
pitted, -:7@9c ; ! new j Evaporated : Apples. 7<gB tjc ;
sun-dried,":.-^ — rr^per.lb; new Figs,- boxes," 50c for
choice,' oSc for extra 1 choice and 60c \ for. fancy;
bulk^white." 2*i@4c,per lb.' - : : * ' \u25a0.
m PRUNES-^ld I crop. • 2» / . «3c per., lb . for « the
four sizes and 3(fi.3Uc I basis . for the . large sizes.
1 New \u25a0\u25a0 crop % Prunes. ... 3Vi <[iS four size basis, ;
with ; many sellers > now • holding for 4c. .
JH R AISINS^-1904 1 crop ; t J 0.1 h:\ Fresno-^-Dehe*a ]
clusters," *1 > 60; ! London Layers, ; sl@l 10; Loose
Muscatels, 3-crown. sH@s%c: 2-crown, 4@«%c;
Thompson's 'Seedless,: 4%@5c; ; Seeded, >s@7%c
per'lb. \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0." .."«'. ;"" '-v... .' " --\u25a0._\u25a0 :; . \u25a0\u25a0
1 i NUTS-rrWalnuta, • No. ;1 1 softshell. 12®13o;
BATURD AT. August 19— IS m.
STOCK AM) BOND EXCHANGE.
Exchange and Bullion. iZty'tj
811ver declined %o. \u25a0 .--'* '• .'-'.
local:
Sterling ; Exchange, sixty days.. — <H ff 5 *
Sterling Exchange, Bight ....... — §* 87%
Sterling Exchange, 'cables. ....... — 9* 88 V
New York Exchange, sight. . .... — @ }£
New York Exchange, telegraphic —-W - u» ?«/
Silver, per 0unce. ..... :. . . . ..... . $°. % !s Tr«
Mexican Dollars, \u25a0\u25a0 nominal ...... *& W-i'im
;*; ;,: INTERNATIONAL. • : ." - I
New York on Paris \u25a0'. ..... .............. 6.1614
New York on ; Mexic0........... ...... ...203
Paris oa L0nd0n .................... .'. •\u25a025.17%
Berlin on London ........... ........ • .20.46 Vi
: - .•-.. •-. AVheat and • Other Grains. •
CwHEAT^-ChlcagoX was slightly «' lower. \u25a0 In
this market : futures were somewhat lower; and
quiet. The cash Wheat .was firmly held, with
not much offering. .' The - quotations : for.' North
ern • Wheat ; represent \u25a0•' future ! delivery. -'
The Chicago Inter, Ocean says: ;. "lt Is a tip
! from i Minneapolis i that Jones will; be, out In a
day or two with a crop report showing 100,000,
000 bushels less winter, and spring Wheat than
shown by the Government \u25a0 figures, yOn , 5 this
basis the crop should show around' six hundred
million < bushels. - His ?. guess in t May was ' for
575.000.000 bushels ?to 025.000.000 .bushels, \u25a0 and
he declared It was only: a« question of filling.".
; \u25a0.'-\u25a0->.•\u25a0 -;,." CASH v WHEAT. \u25a0•."•• -V>
\u25a0 .California Club. $1 45@1 65; . California
White Australian/* $1' 55@1 65; lower. graded of
California Wheat, : $1 20@l 30; Northera'dub, :
futurei delivery. '\u25a0- $V 40; -» Northern .'Bhiestem,*
$1 43@1 47 Vi:- Northern Red, $1 3S\rper ctl." I '-.'
-..-.Tv ;^-- \u25a0-:'\u25a0- FUTURES. ' "S. *-^-\*
.'.-\u25a0' Session »- to^ 11:30 \u25a0a/ / in.:;lv';y
..-\u25a0'•\u25a0 Open, i -High, "jf - Low.- 7: Close/.
December ...11349s $1 34*. $1 34% < f1'34%
* BARLEY— Futures were" rather higher but
unlet. -t The ' : cash : grain .was ; also ' Inactive. * but
ruled 'firm.'-.'' ' \u25a0 " \u25a0'; \u25a0• :.-:\u25a0: jt-- .-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0•••.-; \u25a0 -\u25a0 : r:--:-M''-''^
r .;\u25a0;:,;•\u25a0. ' CASH 'BARLEY. \u0084 .',\u25a0:,.-.* -."-",\u25a0
f \u25a0 Feed,' 95@98%c " for common and ' 9lol OS . for
\u25a0good to choice -/new \ Brewing. *f 1 O7H®l 10;
Chevalier. Vf 1 jW®l'3oper < ctl. "
-.. y r FUTURES. '
•<'BessionTB>toUl:3oja^'nv:-'
.. '•:-•: r-^y-'' Open:'- ' '\u25a0\u25a0 High/ -,'j Low. viClose. ;
December -.. . \u25a087 ; 97% 97' • 97%
\u25a0 *\u25a0 OATS-^-The\u0094 week 1 closed '\u25a0: with '' the .'market
quiet, well \u25a0\u25a0* supplied * and * unchanged. 'v.v^wk
•:Ked.' *130@l 40 s for $122%@1 27%
for fair to good and $1 12 Mi©! 20 for common;
.Black ' for- seed, N-Sl 40; f Grays. =\u25a0* $1 46 1 pcr J ctl
' asked.- V/-.V <;.- fJ \ :;\u25a0 '\u25a0-, ' --.-C-- ' •' \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0::<\u25a0 :'\u25a0 ;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 TZ ;,?-;
CORN— There : ha» I been nothing « new, -In the
market I for I several weeks," except I that • several
days * ago \u25a0 about ; three cars came in i from the
West. \u25a0 • Since then \u25a0 there has ' been \u25a0 none ' in ' from '
that ; quarter.- .i« "\u25a0\u25a0,\uj---^-< «.••. ./\u25a0;-.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;. %:. y \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0
\u25a0\u25a0-. Western \ sacked,' S 1 40@l 42% for Yellow and
•White •; and , $1 > 40 % forr Mixed ; * California *, large
.Yellow,'; $lf 40« pl 45 ; ". small % round * d 0,71, 71 $V 66@ :
1 60; Whlte,-|l S7%ei 42%:!Egyptlan,s$l ; 40i&
i 1- 60 for White « and ' $1 1 35@1 40 for « Brown
[rt RYE— Quiet X and * featureless <"; at * fl' 47V.0
$1521,4 per ctl-~ h" 1 ' I '-'.^- "-v'Y \u25a0\u25a0'-\u25a0.:',, .'"-i \u25a0'.":<" -i
'-\u25a0BUCKWHEAT- $1,75@2 26 per^ctl. .
il\ :.- : -:& Flour n»d j FarlMeeona*' Gooda^i^-KVV:
: FLOUR— California Family Extmsr $4 80®
S 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. *4 70©5;
Oregon and Washington.: jobbing at $494 50
'per bbir- •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•:-\u25a0-. ':':-:-^-^ .\u25a0,-\u25a0,:.;.- [\u25a0* *<\^_-^% \u25a0',
; FARINACEOUS GOODS— Price* ta packages
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
46
STOCK MARKET.
AUCTION SALES .
At Auction
60 HORSES-60 HORSES
A eholce lot . of Oregon horses broken to
work, weighing from 1030 to 1400 pounds.
They are a select lot. youngs and sound and
ready for work. Borne gentle single drivers
among -. the lot. ' ' -
SALE TUESDAY
AUGUST 22, at 1 p. m.
Western 'Horse Market
E. STEWART Jk CO^ 330 Valgaeia St.
£a £bi
AUCTION SALE
100 . HORSES. ' • : • «X 0»
By order Of THE UTAH XT7TWTOCX. COM-
PANY of UTAH we will i*:i 100 h«ad of
MARES and GELDINGS. w«igMnc from 1000
to 1400 pounds, and from 4 to 8 rears old.
This is an EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD LOT OW
HORSES. 60 of which will wrtzh 1300 pounds
and upward, a great many MATCHED TEAMS
being in the lot.
Contractors, transfer men and others usiaa* a
good grade of horses ar* especially Imritsd to ,
attend this sale. Come aad c«t what . yoa <
need.
Sal* Takes Placo .- - ' -
THTJRSDAT. AUGUST 24. AT 11 A. M.
AT J. B. HORAN*3 SALESTARD;
CORNER TENTH AND BRYANT STB..
. ' SAN FRANCISCO* i
HORD A SMITH, Auctioneers. 741 Mission \u25a0*\u2666
£* is
Just ixrtvad. fresh from th* country. 83
head of good r»atl« botms: also- wagons, sur-
reys, buggies and harness. Auction Tuesday.
August 22. 11 a. m. at 11:40 FbLaom street.
WILUAM CLOUOH. Auctioneer.
i *L s . AUCTION SALE— "Wednesdar. An*.
23. at 11 a. m.. Arcade Hors* Market.
«2T Sixth st. I will sell 45 good, youns: horses:
all broke, single and double: also ether horses,
wagons and harness: stock now on hands.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. \u25a0- WHITE ;• PLAINS/; N.^Y.', AugV 19.^i
: The' State I Racing" Association^ has com
\u25a0 friunicated 'with X- District i'Attorn'ey "J.*
'Addisori; Young rofjWestch'ester.: County,
arid has i called ; his -attention! to* the! fact'
, that \u25a0• on > Monday j. nextn ext % the? t HbY-se « Fair;
Association of New. York" has scheduled
running races at ; the Empire City; track'
Jn^Yonkers.' Young; instructed^SherlnT
Merritt "toy have ion
hand, oni Monday^ and r stop fraclng* if jit
is carried on" : contrary;: to '*law, T 4"as
1 claimed: by the Racing Commission.
Cannot _-. Race at \u25a0 Empire Trnck.
Sir Patrick" Manson, who completed a
series of lectures at the Cooper. Medical
College la.«?t week, was the , guest -; of
honor at a banquet given last night by
the alumni of. that institution ;at the
St. Francis Hotel. ? The .'affair/ was at
tend oil by seventy-five 'members' of the
facnlty^ and j student .body. . President
C.S. FJlllnwood presided/.-. \u25a0• Among* the
speakers o? >the evening: .were i Dr.; Wil
liam" Oplmls, Dr.TA. Barkan, Dr.r Ham
lin. Dr. Maher. Dr. O. P. ? Jenkins. ; Dr"
AVilllami Fitch . Cheney and \u25a0 Sir Patrick
Manson. V >
Banquet to Sir Patrick Mansoa.
2:10 class, pacing, three in five, purse
$1000— Peruna won . in . three .. straight
heats. Time, 3t065i, 2:06%,2 :08. '\u25a0' Owy
hce was second, Stein.was third. Fred
X, Bonnie Wilke's, BrownloJand; Roy.'B
also startt-d. Ed Geers and. Elm wood
distanced. •
2:10 class, trotting, two, in three,
purse $1000-*-Jim Ferry won third and
fourth heats. Time, 2:11*4, 2:12%. The
Roman won first heat in 2:1 L; Robert
won second heat in- 2:18%. Topsy B
also started. Clarita'WV drawn, Bonnie
and Russell < Kent distanced. , -
POUGHKEBPSIE, N. V., Aug. 19.—
The Grand Circuit meeting at the Hud
son River Driving Park was concluded
this afternoon with three . finely cpn T
tested races; ; The' 2:10- pace ; was won
by the favorite, Peruna. Although the
finishes were all close, the favorite won
in straight heats. Summary: :::.';<«.
2:15 class, trotting, .three in five,
purse $1000— Swift B won \u25a0In three
straight heats. Time, 2:16%, 2:12»i;
2 :12 \i. Harry J second, Kinstress third. '
Thornburg, Swago and -Frank T . also
started; .
Pcruna, the Favorite, Captures the 2:10
" Pace in Straight Heats.
RACING AT rOUGHKEEPSIE.
, PORTLAND, . Aug. 19.^— More than 5 a
score of ' the horses \u25a0. which ' took part In
the .meet : at ; Irvington ? race ; track ; were
sold' under the hammer ' this afternoon.
The ?sales -"were forced ; . In V: most * ln
stances,- because the owners did v not
have I the . money -to pay ; feed 1 bills, let
alone; to move their horses- to some
other part of the country. _ , \u0084.
.- Ex- Councilman \u0084 Fred .. Merrill pur
chased Bally . Goodwin land Aminte 'and
sent "them 'to i; his .ranch ..for" breeding
purposes.', " Skip Me .went- to, Billy. Nevell
at : $1 50,. a> fifth | of ; her \ valued- Spokane
•buyers got some of the animals. Rose
bud, Judge Thomas - and Joe Jewell
were t bought" .by the ; Portland 'Hunt
Club. . „ The i sales i were :*••;. \u0084^ v
:\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 Molto, J. Jackson, $185 ; April's Prida>
- Dr;; Fehr, ; $400 ; , Aurora B, '. H. Cosgrove,
$250; Judge Howard, H. Cosgrove, $150;
SaUie Goodwin, F. T. Merrill. $200; Joe
Jewett,' H.\ Cosgrove. $190;! Sting. W. M.
Davis, $100; *': Sir 'Christopher, W. M.
Ayers, $135 ; Jdosketoe. 7 .W. Gabriel. $100;
Mabel Bates, W. Gabriel, $250;. Skip Me,
,William, Nevell, ;$150; Lauretta, TV.
Durker,^s2so;7Aminte. F. , T. Merrill,
$180; i Max. Bee, G. Burger, $250; Pin
Cushion, L. C. ."Williams, $85; i Prestano,*
V. ; Warren, V sBs ;' : , Foxy i Grandpa.' W. : P. s
Fine,H s26o ; ' Come '\u25a0 Again; : J. * Came, $50;
Rosebud, H. , Cosgrove. $280 ; Bert Davis.-
B."?.Tucker, j $115; ; Our .Choice, -: L. " Lang,'
$50;;,Klmberly, ; ; J.>Krause," $175;VLula
Long,\"W: ; M. Davis, $50 ; £ Al va, F. Kauff
man, $200; Rose of Hilo/B. Tucker; $195.'
HORSES BRING SMALL PRICES
WHEN SOLD AT PORTLAND
Take the Fourth Game In a Row From
.',,,.'.'\u25a0"' i:;."i- Portland."; \- i .'. " ' l/-
PORTLAND, Aug. 1 1 9.— 8y. a score of
4i to 313 1 the '\u25a0, Seals • were the victors 7in i a.
ball: this afternoon.' Short-,
stop I Atz I seemed - the only ] man •- on the
Portland team who was alive to the fact
that \ the ; had\ won \ threes games
ma row and* were in"a y fair way to takes
a \u25a0 fourth.; The j little lnflelder • was ;"i in
the game until, the , ninth j inning,' when
he was ; much " annoyed " at \ a decision of
SlatsV Davis, .the lumpire,, and is was i: led
protestitig. from -thef field . by Manager
McCreedie when ; he ; refused to; obey , the
umpire'siiordera';" Hoffman 3 poor
1 :work. : ; and; his errors ; helped ; in' the 'de
j feaf of • the Giants. ;\Tjie /score: V; \u25a0 '
- '\u25a0' : ?'-.? '-. '-\u25a0;}_ ''PORTI^ANp.^:^; '\u25a0} ; - •. -' '
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E. :
.Atz,'.*. ». :". 3 1 1 2 5 0
Van Euren.'cf. ......... 4 ;l f 1 ' 0 0 .': 0
Householder,' r.f. ;.'..... "-3; 0 1 2 0 0
Mitchell. - lb. ........... 3 .0 ; 0 13 Or 0 '
SchlaHey," 2b. : ......... 4\u25a0>^ 0 2 •0 ' 2 1 '
Fleming; 1.f.. Y... ...'... 8: 1 0,0. 8 0-0
McLean, c. .......'...... 8 =0 2. 7. l'O
Hoffman;.: 3b. ............4 1 0 0 2 "0 1
Garvtn, _p. . .. .. .. ......;3 0 .1. 0. . 5 'j-1 J
. ; Totals x 1.... .... . . .. .30 .- 3_/ 8 27 IS %",2
••\u25a0; SAN TRANCISCO. J '\u25a0'.-. \.
I - '' • •'- AB. R. BH. PO. A: E;
Waldren, at. ......... 4 1: 2 2" 0 : 0
Wheeler.2b. ........... 2 0 0 430
Hildebrand,.l:f. .:..;:.'. 3 .0 0 1' 00
Irwm,£'3b.. vrr.V.r..v.v. 4 o • l o 2 : \u25a0 o
Ntaion. - lb/ -.\u25a0.;.;.' .'.'.'.'. . 4. ; l . ; o . 12 : , 2\u25a0 o
Spencer.jr. .f.'ai ...:...... a - 0: 0 \ 0-.' 0 : . 0
Gochnauer (^«: s. .i . . .'. 7. . . . 47 0 ... 1 ."{ \5;. 2
Shea."c. ;.......'...::.... 3 1' 0" 5 -:5 r 0
Williams, p. ......:.... 3.1 .10 -;2 2
' . Totals ......... '. : . ''. .30 \4 -, s ' : 27.^* 19 *.~4 1
,:' ;-• 'RUNS ANDJHITS: BYIINNINGS. >. : •
Portia nd f. . . . .'. 1 1 1,~1 ,~ 10 0 0? 0 \ 6 o^-3
>^Ba«e hits." ::...: 0 2- 1. l :i ; ;0 11 i_«
San, Francisco ... \u25a0 0 fr 2. 0 .0 0. 0,1 l-^-l
'\u25a0 ;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0>. Base ; hi ts . '.".':; . 0' ; 0; 2; 1 : o ;•_; 0 :. 0 f< 2 v o^s
'' \ *,*''..' ' SUMMARY. " *' ' , \u25a0
'\u25a0 ; Stolen bases— Van'-Buren. Nealon. Bases on'
balls— Offi Gar\'lq'.2,\ off \u25a04. Struck
1 out— By > Garvln -t 5; ;.; by ;,i Williams ? 5." f : : Doubls
play— Gouchnauer. toiWheelet, to ; Nealori.' :* First
base i un s^rrors-^ Portland 'i 2.^ San f Francisco j Z.i
Sacrifice I hitSr-Hlldebrand/tVan '\u25a0 Buren.? House
holder,?*. Wheeler,^ FlcminK, ; ¥. Spencer.^ s Lefti on'
bases — Portland itO.V San ? Francisco 4: - ' Hit * by,
pit ch«d^ ball— Atz. j Mitchell.--.Time of. 1 game-
One -hour \u25a0 and forty r flve .: minutes. • Umpire—
PdVls. .: \u25a0 ' :':'\u25a0'', v, , ,'^,
SEALS VICTORIOUS AGAIN.
HIT 'BT A NEGRO. — Jonn Sullivan : was
treated a-t the Emergency Hospital yesterday
for lacerated wounds of the scalp, twid by
his resenting the talk of a negro bootblack on
Market 'street. - \u25a0 . \u25a0 • ' -'-\u25a0-. \u25a0*
SEATTLE. Aug. 19. — At the of
the fifteenth I inning,' with,: the : score . a
tie/ to-day's game was called'a dra-flr. It
was ' all Seattle's } game. to . ; the, slxth^
with 1 a', 'score ' tff >.4* to \ 0. 1 when" .Walters
and Hart did an, Alphonse and ; Gaston
'acV allowing Smith's 'fly. to fall safe and
count \u25a0 for -'. a - two-bagger,," scoring ; X the
first ? run. - Hits by DiJlon.; Cravath : and
Ross ; accounted \u25a0 for , the^; second one. X; in
the : seventh.':? Brashear ;.tled : the score
up * in 5. the C eighth i byj clouting • the ..ball
oat of .(the ; lot, "sending Flood \ inj; ahead
of him.' "From that 'time on both pitch
ers settled \ down.. and the s men behind
them.played like demons. iThe \u25a0; Seattle
men V, went '-\u25a0;\u25a0. through : the . entire fifteen"
innings '.without a - slip. -Los Angeles
.-was shaky, jin the ; early Innings,; giving
Seattle four "unearned runs. :The " bat*,
ting and 1 fielding 'of ; Kane , and Brashear
were ' the^ features 'of -the ; long contest.
"Warren? Hall ? seemed *to > get; better '; as
I the -game progressed, having, excellent
control of his curve ball. -After Brashear
cracked out Ills home run- Shields ' set-
, tied jdown- and pitched" swell. balL The
score:-; \ '.' \u25a0 V',:' \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0>', ..- ' v. - •'\u25a0 ** \u25a0"\u25a0 \u25a0
''y'.%: SBATTLK.
. . ' : ; AB.iR. BH. PO. A.B.
Walter*, r. f... .?....... 6 0 l. ; 2 ;:o.^to
Kane. 1 3b. :. ....... ....... 7 142 .6 ,0
Blankenshipi:C......;.V.. 6 .1 \u25a0 0 "7 .4-, 0
Hart,c. f. ......:........ 6" 0 ,I.': 6 0, .0
houu. 1. f...;...;....... t: 0 0 o lo
Frary,'lb..vr.V.T;..".i.;vfl JO 216. 0-.0
RUnkle. 2b \u00846, 1 2e,3 ,3,;0
R. Hall, s. ............. 5 1 1X45.1 0
shields, p. ... .-. . . ...... V.J o, J . _i . J ; :._o
. "T0U10V.....'. ..53 -V. 4; IS^45. 18
\u25a0\u25a0/\u25a0 .. ; • LOS ANGELES. ;-"v :'/
'<\u25a0-•.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 v -v' : i^^ f -'' : ':.'j : AB. r R.-BH.-'pb. 1 a: b. ;
Bernard, c if. ; ........... 7. 11 .2.0-0
F100d.,ab................ TV- 1 2-; 5 5, .2 ;
Smith.!3n^v.^vr;v.."Hv7- 0 ,1 1 s :o,
Brashear."^ ».T«....'..--.."o :, \ f & 2" '1
Dilllon, ib.............. r ; 5 -0 .2 IS: 2,0
Cr«vath..r.^f..-.".V..;.... 5 1 1 . 2 0 0
Ross, -rLifr.i;-*"—™.-.. 6 >o i:. \u25a0:; 1;
5p1e5.^ chr. ....... ; r. : ; • • 5 ,« 0 0 .... 5 _ -•^3 o \
W. \u25a0' Hall." p. '/-'^{y ••• %vif ; _^ _!! _1 _£ " L?
'\u25a0- -: ' .Totals'. . .'• . ... .... . . . .53 .4 11 45 . 26~ : ; 6
/. ';\u25a0 BUNS AND -HITS iBT.^INNIXGS.:..
5eatt1e". . ......' 200 20 / 0 o^o 000 6 0 o—4
> Base < hits.; 2 1 01U 1 110 l!2!l 0 0 I—l 3
Los Angeles ...0 0 0 001,12.000 0 0 0 0-^4
7-Bese-hlts..' 00010 2 2 2 0110 t 0 0-^ll
\u25a0)'\u25a0 ; -r -;..' ; \u25a0:;\u25a0':.- SUMMARY.^ " \u25a0/' -] \u25a0\u25a0' '" : :
'\u25a0• " : Earned : runs— Los *Angeles"4.\' Two-base • hits
i-Kahe; '\u25a0\u25a0'- Ha»; .Smith, t^; Cravath;: Brashear.
Home i run— Braahear.^* Double • plays-—Blanken
ship Ito • R. '\u25a0< Hall ; ;' Brashear i to . Spies Uq Smith ;
W\u25a0-'W \u25a0-'- Hall :< to I Flood ) to Dillon, v Sacrifice • hits—
•Walters; ii Hart,« R^ '* Hall.v Shields " '2~- Dillon. -
Stolen bases — Kane, ; Blankenship 2, Flood." Dil-'*
Ion; I Cravath,'. Ross, j : Struck jOut-^-By ( Shields $."
\u25a0by W.. Hall 4.*-* Bases 'onj balls— Offi Shields 3,1
off.* W.fi Hall -2. i Hit i>by (pitched . bail— Prary.-
Passed • ball — Shears Left*, on t bases — Seattle 1 8.-*
XO3 Angeles S.^.Time of game— Two hours and "
forty -five minutes. s.Uinpire^-Perrlne,, ; -. ?•/-\u25a0
Los Angclea and Senttle Nines In a Sen
. "' national Strngreic '•
FIFTREN-INNING TIG GAME.
V. Noble's Runaway Actress captured th«
open stake from Queen's Motto in the de
ciding course at Ingleside Courting Park yes
terday after a lons trial. The 'hares were
eeaerally strong and furnished ?ome good
trials. The following are the results, with
Judge John Sutton's official ecores:
Open atake, first round — Sunny Shore beat
Our Darkey, 7-5: Queen's Motto beat Siroc,
7-2: Detir G&aion beat Concord Boy, 10-3;
Wattles beat Fontenoy, 8-2; Golden Buck beet
l>ore*n. 12-4; Cavalette beat Jim H. 9-4 : Mlsb
Gambit beat Jimmy Anthony, 7-3; Peerless
Polly beat Alcatraz. 20-5; Walt Tor Me beat
Dorothy M. 4-0; Pagliaccl beat Hermit.' 9-5;
Lady Fieldwlck beat Ryro. 9-^; Black Wizard
beat Blanche Jewett. 5-4; Peerless B«auty beat
Siren. 6-1; Beltr.ont beat Blue Dillon, 11-1; Paul
Kruger beat Werglld, 5-3: John L. BnUivs.n
a bye. Shaun O'Farrell withdrawn: Bill Rocker
beat Black Garter, 7-4; Commercial Traveler
beet Evil Eye. 4-2; Rose Clark beat Young
Moilie R. 8-4; Reckless Rose beat Judge. 4-1;
Tar Baby beat King V, 7-5; Eleanor B beat
Justica, S-I: l lrma Hotfoot beat Dick J. 7-6;
Runaway Actress beat Brindle Flyer, 8-I,' '
Second round — Queen's Motto beat Sttnny
Ehore. 8-1: Wattles beat' Dear Gaston, g-5;
Golden Buck beat Cavelette. 10-6: Miss Gam
bit a bye; Pagliaccl beat Wait For Me, 8-1;
Lady FHldwick beat Black Wizard. 7-6; Peer
less, Beaaty beat Belmcot. 12-5; Paul Kruger
beat John'L. Sullivan. 12-1: Commercial Trav
eler beat Bill Rocker. O-2; Rose Clark' beat
Reckless Roee, 16-2; Eleanor B "beat Tar Baby
4-2; Runaway- Actress beat Irma Hotfoot, 5-2.
Third round— <3u««n's Motto beat Wattles,
8-5; MJfj Gambit beat Golden \u25a0 Buck. 9-5;
Pajdiaccl beat Lady Field wick. 8-5; Peerless
Beauty a bye, Paul Kruger withdrawn; Rose
Clark beat Commercial Traveler, 12-10; Run
si way Actress beat Eleanor B, 9-4.
Fourth round — Cueen's Motto b?at Miss Gam
bit. 6-1; Peerless Beauty a bye, Pagliaccl
withdrawn; Runaway Actress beat Rose
Clark. 8-0. •
' Fifth round — Queen's Motto beat- Peerless
Beauty. 7-0; Runaway Actr**s*a bye. "
Deciding course — C. Foin's Runaway Actress
<Fortur.a Favente, «mp:-BrllUantlne) beat V.
Ncble's Queen's Motto (Fetter Free,. i«np.-
Motl). 13-0. /
.VoMf's Greyhound Hun* in Great Form
and Defeat* Her Opponent In a
Clever Slanner. \
RUNAWAY ACTRESS DOWA'S
Q,UEEX'S MOTTO IX FINAL
- Cute. ' ' '
(XATIOXAL LELA.GUKO
BOSTOX, Ant. 19.— Overall was easy to-day.
Boston batting safely In all bat one inning,
while Fmser was an enigma, holding the visi
tors to four hits and one run. which resulted
from errors in the first Jnnlnsj. Attendance
3400. Score:
-\u25a0-• - .-\u25a0 . : R. -.H.- E.
; Boston .......................... 5, 13 2
: Cincinnati .1 4-' 1
Batteries — Fraser \ and Moraa; Overall and
j Schlel. Umpire — Dausewine. >_...
'. \u25a0 BROOKLYN. Augr. 10.— Hinlon" • men de
feated the Plttaburgs to-day in a well-played
same. Attendance. 4000. Scor*: . •»:•>\u25a0•
R. H. K.
Plttsburg J-vJa 1
Brooklyn 3 .11 3
Batteries — Hiliisbrand and Pelts; Jones and
Benren. Umpire — Jooastone.
PHILADF.r.PHIA. Aus. 19.— 8y timely hi t~
tins the local club- succeeded to-da>jr In de
feating St. Louis. Attendance. 6700. - 3cot«:
R . H. E.
St. Louis 2 1O 2
Philadelphia 7 12.. S
Batteries — McFarland and Grady: Sparks and
Dooln. Umpire— Emails and Klem.
NEW YORK. Aug. 19. — Chicago's National*
defeated New York to-day 'by ' hitting Wilts*
opportunely and fielding wall. Attendance
20. C00. Score: ,3sS33£hßß! \u25a0- • -".»—"
\u25a0 . b. h. a
Chlcaxo .Y.i 8 10 3
N#w York- :...; 2---^ 5
Batteries— Reulbach and Kllng; Wiltsa and
Clark. Umpire — O'Day.- . ;
* (AMERICAN LEAGUE.> -
" CHICAGO. Aug. 19. — By opportune hitting ra
the tenth inning Now York defeated \u25a0 Chicago
to-day. Attendance, 14.7C0. Score: -
• •- \u25a0 OR. H. .B.
Chicago ...\u25a0". 2 T : O
New York .......:. * ' 4 ; 10> "3
Batteries — Smith and McFarland: -Chesbro.
Newton and Kleinow.
: —ST. "LOUIS, »AU*. 10.— How«U *M •> pitch
; ers" game to-day from Coakley. Attendance,
m - ScOT r- k^H.,i.
St. Lonla 1 •• f2
Philadelphia • ••\u2666 O- ». - 1
Batteries — Howell and SugtXen; Ceailey «nd
Schreck. . t .'., •---._'\u25a0. \u25a0 - -; \u25a0 i
DeW»ts' r *A'i'AV After an Ei
cltinff *>truKrjtle by One Point '
on - • .;_\u25a0•\u25a0
The" final match for "the Scottish
bowling, championship played on the
green at Golden Gate Park yesterday
was the closest and most exciting 'ever
'witnessed Iri this city. J. C. Moffatt'
champion in 1903, regained his title
after being led all the way by his-op
ponent, A. A. McVicar. The match was
won by a. single 'point,, the score being
21 to 20. The loser had a comfortable
lead almost to the very end and looked
a sure winner.
When the score, stood 19 to 14 In Mc-
Vicar's favor, he hardly looked to have
a chance. to lose. Moffatt, however, did
not despair and by some wonderfully
accurate bowling 'took the next 'four
ends, scoring -six McVicar
ended up the score at 20-20, each need
ing but* one point \u25a0to win. McVicar's
first, bowl rolled right to the jack, but
fell away. . It looked good for the,polnt,
but Moffatt proved equal to the oc
casion and put his bowl almost.along
side of the jack, giving him the point
and championship. Moffatt gave a
great exhibition of nerve and at the
finish outbowled - his clever opponent
' * The score which follows shows Mof
fatt's wonderful finish:
McVicar .. 1 0 S 5 0 6 7 9 0 11 0 13 0
14 16 0 0 0 18 0 19 0 0 0 0
20
Moffatt ..03004000506070
0 9 10 13 0 14 0 16 18 19 20
0 21
Four matches were played in the
Hanson . cup tournament • for • players
«ver 70 years of age. -They resulted as
follows: Andrew • Foreman beat John
Watson 21: to 12, J.M. Duncan beat A.
aiacDonald 21 to 6, A. Foreman beat G.
C. Patterson-21 to-15, J. M. Duncan beat
Samuel Irving: 21 to 18.
The following practice games were
played: David O'Brien ; and J. Deasy
beat J. M. Duncan and Samuel 'lrving
21 to 7, J. C. Moffatt and W. J. Fisher
beat Dr. Gunn and H. L. Tickner 21 to
2, John -Reid and J. .Stptt beat J. M.
Forsyth and J. W. Elder 21 to 14, J.
C Moffatt and John Reid beat Joseph
'and James Gray 21 to 16. \u25a0 . .
MOKFATT .-.REGAINS TITLE
OF, CHAMPION' BOWLER
Fraaer Proves aa Knlgnin to Cincinnati,
Which Win.-, an Ea«y
The third of a- series • of ' / handicap
doubles tournaments, for the Managers'
trophy was played by the boys of the
Golden Gate Junior Tennis Club on the
park courts yesterday. Miles McLough
lin and Robert Strachan, the most
heavily handicapped, team, ,won rather
easily. TheyJ played frorri lo 4-6 behind
scratch and did not loss; a set.' .Their
hardest match was with Harold. Getz
and L Levinson.'.the cup holders." The
latter • annexed the first '• and \u25a0 second
tournaments and made a-strong bid for
the third,' but McLoughlln and Strachan,
despite the. odds, proved too str6ng for
them/ .They -won two. -straight sets,
both of which were close".: . '- : ' •
Sixteen* teams participated" 'in the
tournament, and although many, of the
matches were won in straight sets they
were close and interesting. •• The vic
.tory of McLoughlin and Strachan ;was
largely, due to the efforts of the former/
He has not lost a tournament since !the
organization of the club, and although
heavily handicapped usually wins about
as he pleases. . , ,'- . •;;
The final match : was between Mc-
Loughlin and R.- Strachan and J. Stra
chan and W. Marcus.. tThe former, al
lowed odds of 2-6 and "owe 15 4-6 and
.won; with the loss of but two games. •
The scores follow: - *
First round— -Price and Meyer (15 1-6).
beat J. Hammond, and R. Wilder (2-6)
by default; E. Easton- and :R. Smith
(2-6) beat R. -West and W. Murray
(15 1-61, 6-4, -6-2; L.-Levinson and H.
Getz (owe 15 1-6). beat;J. Jewett' and
,W. Jewett (15), 6-0, 6-4; M. McLoughlin
and- R. Strachan • (owe 15 4-6) .beat N.
Abbott and R. Lorentz ' (16 2-6)," 7-5,
6-1; J. Strachan and W. Marcus (2-6)
beat F. Maggs' and S. Rosenshine (4-6 ),
6-2, 6-3; M.- Chapman -and. H. '.Crane
(5-6) beat ;H. • Levinson and R. Cuni
mings (5-6) by default;, H. McLane and
H* Lang (owe 8-6) beat. W. Patterson
and A. Martinez (owe -3/6) by default;
A. Herndon^and E. Huff x(l5 3-6) beat T.
Williams and R. Williams (15 2-6), 6-4,
6t<- '\u25a0 • \u25a0 / \u25a0\u25a0-:•\u25a0 \u25a0' ;'\u25a0 •- ." \u25a0 ' \u25a0 ;. . '•• V
Second round-7-Easton and Smith
beat Price and Meyer, 7-5, 6-1; McLough
lin and. Strachan beat Levinaon :, and
Getz, 6-4,9 -7; Strachan and Marcus beav.
Chapman and Crane,'. 6-2,-"6-l;:Herndon
and Huff beat McLane and Lang by de
fault '\u25a0; \u25a0 '•.-\u25a0- ':'\u25a0''' \ \u25a0•. \u25a0\u25a0/ "\u25a0.-\u25a0"\u25a0
Semi-flnals— McLoughlin and - Stra
chan bea'tEaston and Sniith, 6-1;. 6-3;
Strachan and Marcus beat Herndon arid
Huff,. 6-2.; 6-0.*. : .;. .:. ..:.:
Finals— McLoughlin \u25a0 and . Strachan
beat Strachan and Marcus, 6-1,. 6-1.
A class : singles / tournament. -will' be
played' on the California. Club, courts to
day. The entries closed 'i yesterday ; and
the drawing. resulted as follows: V " : :
••First : class, : preliminary v round-
George Busch vs.- M. Long, B. F. Nourse
vs. Dr.. Bush. ,1-', 1 -' " ' ;-.-.: \u25a0\u25a0- . ' l-'-'\u25a0\u25a0..-'
, First round (upper half)—Carl.Gard
ner vs.; Herbert' Schmidt, Harry ' Rolfe
a. bye. . - : ..-"\u25a0 ' ." :'V '.'- \u25a0"... v- ";. '\u25a0":\u25a0 ;
• First • round ' (lower ' half )— R. B.Corn
ell a bye," George Janes , vs. \u25a0 Herbert
Long. '. \u0084:-.'. :".v;: ".v; • .'. ; '.; '\u25a0".•" :> , : v !••'' \u25a0 ' •
Second class— George Cutter vs. 1 Hen- |
ry Mills. H. A. Biddle ys.A: E/Beyfuss/I
A. G. Kenyon vs. Dr.? Lovegrove," Cf.JA
Smith a bye. v ' . ;
' Third r class— A; = E.'Black vs. ':C. G.
Kuehh, ; George j Fuller, vs. ; Ed Bacon X/S\
Fourth" class, preliminary ;round^<s.
C. Browne vs. Colonel 1 : Ethridge. />.
First round— Dr." , Noble vs. . \ F. : -V J."
White, Major. ; Ducat "a bye. . V: \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-
'/. Several ..' Interesting :': matches were"
played on • ; the | club v courts;\ ; Herbert
Schmidt and Harry.; Rolfe" met, ln.a": fast'
singles; each; winning; a sett? The'score
, was 672,6 7 2, 4T6.;•4 T 6. ;• • 'Al | Kenyoh • and ;< Herbert
Long .won. two ; sets outVofithree' from
Henry t Mills i and ' M.'.' Long." The ''score
; was - 6-4. * 3-6;: 6-4:^ Kenyon^ aridt W - S *
MacGavin \ beat \ Mills 'and \ B.t F.'v Nourse,'
6-3.'- and George ? Cutteribeat \ Dr: 'Love
grove two sets out < of three. The score'
was 4-6, 6-4, .6-8. : : /'
In a Doubles) Tournament.
31 any Youthful. Tennis Experts) Engage
BOYS COMPETE OSf COURTS.
Takes the Fort "Erie Selling Stake*
•v - From > Bonnie Sue. . . \u25a0- . ' -
BUFFALO, Ail g^ 19.-^-Taken as . an
entirety, this was the best day's racing
given at Fort Erie .this -season. The
track was fast and the finishes close
arfil exciting. The Fort : Erie Selling
Stakes, valued at 11500. was the' star
nurdber of the programme.- It waa won
by Crestfallen, at odds of 7 to 2. For
several years this horse," which was
formerly the property of John Dugan,
'who,* lip Ho his death, was the owner
of Woodbine Park, has furnished a
surprise and has turned up a winner
at good odds. "The Young entry, Bon
nie -Sue ; and Depends, -ruled favorite
in the- betting. 4 Mcllvain was second
choice. Crestfallen fought It out with
Bonnie Sue at . the finish and won by
a half length, Bonnie' Sue. second and
Mcllvain third;' Summary:
.FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling: ; .. , : . ..- \ . » .- • .
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey.' St. fi. Fin.
Bto I—B.1 — B. Creamer. 99 (Freeman) 2 4 4 1 n
11 to 6— Sand, 104. ( J. Da1e)..... 8 51 22
4to s— Salvage, lte (Munro) 3 11%3 1
: .-Time,' 1 :14 2-5. . Start good. , Won driving
Winner,- Shank. &\u25a0. Sutherland's b. g. by Bob
Mliea* or King- Lee-Zerlda. Stay Away. The
Trifler, Indian .Flower. Hazel Baker. Dutch
Frigate. Holy. Smoke. Dixie Andrews and
Eelknap finished as named. * -
'.'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 SEpOND RACE— Five and a half : furlongs;
two-year-olds; selling: \u25a0 ».?i :»-..-.>^', ,
Bettirg.- Horse, Weight. Jockeys St; f %. Fin.
2to I— Fulbert,-,108- (R.Murphy). 2 2M 1 1 .
\u25a08 to I— Charge. 94 (Hennessey). 6 4 I^2 1%
2to I— A. Gardla, 00 (M.Preston) 3 3 2 31
Time, 1 :0». Start good. Won driving. • Win
ner, J. W. Blalock's b. g. by Golden Garter-
Heolise 11. .Annie Berry, Gamester.- J X F and
Lady Walker finished as named.
\u25a0THIRD R A CE — One and a sixteenth miles;
threeo-ear-olda and up; handicap:
Bettirfc. Horse. Weight, Jockey.. Si. * %." Fin.
: 2to I— M. Key. 98 (H. Jackson) 4 3 IHI IVi
Stos— H. Wagner.lll (D.Bolnd) 1 12&21
Ito I— Circular J0e.05 (Swain).. 2 4 2 3 6
' Time. 1 :48 3-5. • Start " good. \u25a0\u25a0 "Won ridden
out.'. Winner. W. • Walters' : b. . g. by Dr. i Rloe-
Glenore." Neva Welch and Baikal finished as
named.- \u25a0 . , .;.-'. : \u25a0 \u25a0 '
-FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs: Fort Erie
Stakes; three-year-olds and up; setting:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. .%. Fin.
7 to 2— Crestfallen. 91 (Swain).. 7 In 1»»4
S to s— Bonnie Sue, 102 (D. Bind) 3 4n 2 Mi
9to s— Mcllvaln. 102 (Kunz) . . . .15-1 32 '
Time. ' 1 :26 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. J. O'FlaJwrty's b. g.. by Foam-
Noisy. Depends. Gambrinus, The Lexington
Leader and Lochgoil' finished aa named.
? FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; all ages; purse:.
B«ttlnK. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. \u25a0%. Fin. \u25a0
13 to s— Rusk. 104 (Munro) :*....; 11l •
6 to s— Ed Ball. IC9 (Foley) 4*22*
50 to I— Anne Davis. 94 (Jenkns) 5 ,4 2 3 6
" Time,- ,-1 :13 3-5. ; . Start poor. ' Won : driving.
Winners, Johnson & Dodson's Rusk. b. g., by
Russell-Nuska and W, Mullaries' Eel Ball, eh.
g.. ,by-Vege d'Or-Niobe. Peggy, Young Hy
son. Mamie Foster and La Londe finished as
named. J *Dead heat. ;
\u25a0 'SIXTH RACE— One' mile" and twenty yards;
three-year-olds and up; selling: ' \u0084 \u25a0
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. , St. :%. Via.
2 to I— Oro Viva." 114 (Munro). 4 2 1%1 2%;
-3 tal— Arab, 107 (Freeman)..:! 1 4 1%2 n
40- to I— B. Waddell. 102- (Chstn) 3 3 2 3 n
Time. 1:42 4-8. Start- good. -Won easily.
Winner, V".- Z. Dearmon's b. : h., .by .'Golden
Garter-Jo Viva. Brushton, Allopath, Falrbary,
Honda, 111 1 Know and ; Muldoon ; finished as
named. ]\u25a0 :\u25a0 •.• ; * ~ r
SEVENTH ' RACE— Short course ; handicap
steeplechase; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. \u25a0 Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
7 tol — Scotsman.- 130* (Ryan):: 1 2 1 1 2ft
Even— Sweet Jane, 140 CGaylor) 8 1 .•% 2 1
13 to 5— T. the Mere, 152 (Dosh) 9 8 3 3 h
•Time, 3:53. . Start good. , Won easily. Win
ner. J.>. C. Ferris Jr.'sb. 1 g.r- by St. Andrew-
No Name. Sam Parmer, Gearholm. Billy Ray.
.Volantine.; Jim Hale and Princ* Real • finished
as named. " •
HANBICAP FOR: RED LEAF.
Daughter 'of Hermenee •. . !• Never
' v " ' Headed ' at ' Latoala" Track. :~;: ~ ; ;"*i
I CINCINNATI. Aug.U9.^-Rain ca»sed
a falling off '.in .the, attendance -at La
| tonia' to-day and j Incidentally, made . the
track sloppy." ' Red 'Leaf "easilyfcaptur
j ed the feature event, a handicap at one
mile. \ She -secured the lead *• at the
start • and waa never ; headed. Radtke
fode two winners, during the after
noon. - Two favorites won. ,, *' Summa
ries: •\u25a0\u25a0 • • \u25a0_•• ' \u25a0 . \u25a0 '.\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
'"FIRST RACE— -Seven furlongs;, three-year
olds and up; selling:
Betting, Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.:
18 to s— Omealca, 01 (Koerner).'. 3 3 3 11
II td : s^-Covina; 98'(8chade)..:.7 -8 12 h . ;
7 to I^-Gold Bell,' 100 (Willims) 4' 64 13 1'
\u25a0 Time, 1:34 3-».~Ta Start fair. '/ Wo- driving.
Winner,' H. J. Perry & Co.'a eh. c.by Ormus-
Amanda-P. J Merces 86, Chief .Bush 96, Male
diction 88, -Grand Vitesse 95, Conclave t>4
Judge Saufley : SU. ':< A Convict _ 97, finished ' as
.named.* y)/': ' \u25a0\u25a0'"'.;':.'\u25a0 "v '\u25a0!\u25a0\u25a0'•'':- \u25a0 ': . \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0' 4
SECOND RACE^-Seven' furlongs; three-year-"
olds and up; selling: • : . '
Batting. 'Horse, Weight,' Jockey. St. %: Fin.
8 to 2— Ri-viana. 86 <<Schade) . . . . 6 13 1 I^6
5 to I— ErlaLee, 101' (Morris).. 1.22.23 .
5 to I— Bravery/ 91- (Radtke). . . . 8 - 6 h 3 2
i Time; 1 :34 2-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner, M, L. Hartman's b.t, by Ravelstone-
Floriana. Trixie White 101, April Shower 95,
CRESTFALLEN FINISHES FIRST.
\u25a0. : -• \u25a0 W. L. Pet.( \u25a0..* ;r; r -A • W. U Pet.
rTacoraa- ...10-..7 .588 Portland .V. 9 8 .500
Seattle ...: 8 \7 . .033 Oakland :../ 810 .444
San Fran . . » 8 .529| Los Angeles 6, 9 ; .400
1 Mr. Oscar Graham will remember the
ninth inning;^ of yesterday's/, fray at
ißecreation Park as, an occasion when
he .was given "his" in a generous pack-,
age. It might give {the wiry, southpaw
a j headache^ to think of it, but he can
find ._ some 'consolation to • know there
are others in baseball history ', who re
ceived; like, .treatment. -A , single; two
doubles and a triple were v handed to
Oscar in the final - round •. as fa farewell '
greeting. When the session' closed Ta
coma had seven, while | Oakland' was
without a run.
Bobby Keef e had his revenge for the
reception tendered 'him in the 'opening
round the last time he hooked; up I with
the Commuters. 'He allowed Van's men
just, two hits during the: nine, innings.
The young twirler whom; Clark tGriflith
of the-New York Americans has secured
to do box : work for . him ' next \u25a0 season
.gave a high class exhibition of hand
ing out benders. .Not until. the seventh
inning did an Oaklander have, tho pleas
ure of-.occupylrig. the' initial, sack, and
but, two. more reached L there during the
remaining rounds. '• .
McLaughliri kicked through in the
opening round with a triple after Shee
han had singled, which gave the Tigers
their flrst tally. The crowd did : nbt ex
pect Oakland to count from theTman
ner which Bobby ;, was "winging them
down and a shutout was \ predicted In
the early :; part. \ of ; the ,gamel'.. : -Osc4r
pulled himself out of some tight . places
in . the \ early rounds \ until the seventh;
when three "clean hits furnished two
counts; "•;•;.;_;•'-. '{ ". '\u25a0 . r ~- \u25a0 \u25a0'-'. i: '\u25a0'// '.. *:-,.:\u25a0{.':.. :
i • The Tigers, had; the 'taste Vof blood
now and were clamoring for j more- arid
they satisfied themselves in the con
cluding They, all took a ride
on-; O.scar*ii Offerings. -^They started | off
.with a 1 * single and increased the: going
a'little>bit with doubles and came to a
grand flnlsnVwlth* a triple. : Many: of : the
fans were, afraid the end-would never
come, so they left" for dinner before the
bombardment ceased: " 'After, four' tal
; lies were in Mike,- the". Tiger. tamer, or
dered his charges to cease' the outrage
and ; the .Tigers 1 , went ; to; their cage's.
The score: -\u0084' ;. »' ' • . . '
' "\u25a0 * ' TACOMA.'-' •' '"' '-\u25a0•
\u0084 . . AB.' R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, c 5.. .*.**....":.. .*4 2 1 2- 6 3 1
Sheehan, -8b. '.;.*.;.. V'8-'- :2 2 10 2 0
Nordyke, 1b..:...... 5 2 2 0 10 fl ' 0
McLaughlinj ;1f...... 3;VI 2 0 2 % 0 0
Lyncli. \u25a0cf .v.; ..6 0. 2 0 10 0
Casey, 2b.....;.....;. 5 • 0 0 60 0 4 0
C. Graham, c... 4 0 1 1 7 O 0
Hogan, rf... 3 0 0 0 0..0 Q
K«e(e, p...,..;;..... 8 0 2 1 l' 1 0
Totals ...'....\u25a0.....35, 7 12 5 27 -\u0084 1 ; ; 1
\u25a0 ..'/.OAKLAND. •. . • ;.'. \u25a0• : . <} U
r-. \u25a0: - : i '\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren, cf 4; 0 0 0 1 1
Franeks, a 5 .......... 4 0 0 0 4 3 0
Dunleavy, 1f.. ....... 3 0 0 0 1- 0'- \0
Kruger, rf ..;.7.... 8 0;'"0 0.3 0 ,0
(Kelly, 2b..:.....:... 3 0 1* 0 4^2 0
streib, ib....v:v.-:.:*3".O" -0 o 8 o o
Devereaux, - 3b. . . .v . : 8 ?;.O - \u25a0\u25a0: 0 .-: o.2'' 1 1 - 0
i Byrnes, c........t.'.."3' .0 1 0 0 4' 2-0
O. Graham, p...... 8, 0 1 .0 0 4 0
\u25a0 : Totals t . ...29 . 0 2 0= 27.13? 0
\u0084 v .RUNS AND HITS. BY INNINGS. ' >J ;
Tacdma ..... .'.'. l' 00 .6 o^o- 2;0 '.4-^7
. Base hltf ..... 2 0 1 0 ' INI1 N 1 >3-0 4-^-12
Oakland ..:.... v 0 0 0 00 0.0.0 0-^-0
. Baeeshlta ..... 0-0 0 0. 0 0 0 1 1-1-2
\u25a0' ;•;:: SUMMARY. v . ..:\u25a0 .' \u25a0?[ /
'\u25a0\u25a0\ Three-base hits— McLaughlln, Nordyke. Two
base hits — Keefe, \u25a0-• \u25a0 Bheehan, \ .v McLaughlln,
Lynch. Sacrifice hits— Sheehan, Hogan. First
base on errors— Tacoma 0, Oakland •1. First
base on : error— Oakland 1 1. ", First i base :\ on
called balls — Off Graham 5. Left ~on bases —
Tacoma 8< '\u25a0 Oakland 2. -- 1 Struck out — By. Gra
ham ?- 3, 'by -Keefe 7. Hitiby -pitcher
— Keefe. .Double, plays— Nordyke „to .Doyle
to '\u25a0\u25a0' Keefe. ->.'» Passed, balls — Byrnes. '. .'/Time
of \u25a0 gams— One . hour, and : . forty - minutes, i Um
pire — McDonald. v *,"'iU>?:: . ' " \u25a0 • ;
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
•CINCINNATI, Aug. .19— May Sutton,
the clever California girl I who recently
won the woman's tennis championship of
England, arrived in Cincinnati to-day
somewhat unexpectedly.' She will . par
ticipate in the tri-State tournament which
will open here in a few days:
lovers of tennis are looking forward ; to
great sport, as Miss Sutton will : play, in
doubles with Bcals Wright. . }.;
In discussing her .- experiences in .) Eng
land Miss Sutton said: "English women
are fine tennis players. You v see, English
women have been playing tennis for cen
turies. We are rather new at the game
yet in America. : Miss Blanche Hillary
and Miss s Wilson,', the English tennla
champions, whom I defeated at VVinibje
don, ,«are the best players in England.
Miss Hillary has- been | playing for about
fifteen years, but is not as good at the
game,;, however, aa Miss \ Wilson," the
younger of the two. ' \u25a0
"The English women are' athletic.
They wear white linen chokers, long
skirts, and their shirtwaist sleeves are
primly fastened about their wrists. N Miss
Hillary (would you believe it?) wears
white hid gloves on :the tennis court.
My short skirts - and • rolled-up sleeves
made a rensa-tion.. The English .manner
of giving prizes, presentation to 'tfie
champion of an order on a .silversmith,
is' preferable -to the American : habit o<
donating cups and bowls.",. '.- \u25a0-/•;'
Special Dispatch to , The Call.
I Oakland-Tacoma '.. at V Oakland fa. m.
ami Kecreaiiou Park p. m. .V. • '
' Im% Angreles at . Seattle. * ' J.
, : San -Francisco at Portland.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 19.— The Pacific
Coast Trotting Horse Breeders' meeting
closed to-day with ' three interesting
events, a three-year-old trot for $3099, a
2:21 class trot for $2000 and a 2:17 class
pace for $800. In the three-year-old event
J. B. Iverson's North Star, by Nutwood
Wilkes, easily took first money in three
straight heats, with George Warlow's
Athasham second, W. G. Durfee's'Belle
mont third and N., M. Strong's Ambush
fourth. North Star showed the fastest
mile of the year for a three-year-old In
America. * . \u25a0- . ;
The 2:24 closs trot first money was won
by W. WJ Mendenhall's Charlie T, which
took the second, third and fourth heats,
losing the first in a- bad "break at the
start. In this race- Ray. Bennet's Oro
Belmont won! second money, F. J. Ruh
staller's Billy Dooly third and G. • Linda
ner's Homeway fourth. . .."
In the 2:17 class" pace' J. Sutherland's
John R, Conway took first money in
three straight heats, M..J. Reame's Miss
Winn second, James Coffin's -Welladay
third, J. A. Pounder's Glen fourth money.
Summaries: " • *\u25a0 :->:»^;;
Three-year-old ' trotting division. Pacino
Breeders' futurity; value $3009 40; heats, best
three in five:
North Star (C. Whltehead) ......'..... 11 1
Athasham (S. Welton) 2 2 4
Bellemont (XV. G. Durfee) 6.3 2
Ambush <H. de Lancey) 3.6-3
Elma S {V. F. Chad bourne) :\. .. . 5 4 5
Kenneth C (S. K. Trefrey).* \u0084.4 3 6
Time— 2:l3%, 2:16. '/:..
2:24 class; trotting; purse $2000:
Charlift T (A. L. McDonald) 4 1 1 1
Oro Belmont (M. J. Reames): 12 4 3
Billle Dooley (H. B. Freeman) 2 3 2 2
Homeway (D. M15ner^. ...... ...... 3434
Time— 2:l7, 2:16. 8:21, 2:16%.
1 2:17 class; pacing; purse $S00:
B. Conway (F. Chadbourne) . . 4 111
Miss Winn- (M. 3. Ream«s) :1: 1 6 5 3
Welladay (J. Cuicello) .-. ...--3 3 2 5
Glen (W. Durfee) \u0084.. 7 2 4 4
Prince Charles <J. Walker) ' 5 5 6 2
Economizer (J. Silvia)..... 2 4 Sdis
Selda <E. T. Stockdale).. 6 dts
Mildmi O <C. P. Bunch) dis
. Ttme— 2:ls%.' 2:ISU. 2:16r 2:l2Vi.
The benefit given Willard Zibbell,
who los.t his' hands and " one foot .at
.Fresno, by the Sonoma County Driving
Club, netted $381.
TO-DAY'S GAMES.
.-•\u25a0•• '>; £.;;• ' - rj -\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0•- .\ "... ;
Clever .California Tennis
\u25a0 Champion • Will Compete
f There in Tri-State League
Special Dispatch;, to The Call.
.Los Angeles 4, Seattle 4 (fifteen in
nlnirti). '.' ' ' • ' \u25a0' \u25a0 <v ". :
San Francisco ' 4, ' Portland 3. : '
•' Tucomu' 7, Oakland O. \ •\u25a0 ';...: !
RESULTS OF GAMES.
•D.-H. Lewis, secretary of th« Buf
falo Automobile Club and manager of
the present meeting, said that notwith
standing the statement made by for
mer-President Hotchkiss. races wouTd
be continued to-day.
"Barney Oldfleld has volunteered to
finish Jay's .races and," if he can win,
to turn over the prize money to the in
jured man. " Dr. Bbcby. one of the sur
geons attending Jay. said to-day -that
the injured man still has a flghtln*
chance for life.' Complications from
internal injuries were the greatest
source of danger, he said.
CLEVELAND. Aug. !».— Earl Klser.
the auaomoblle racer, who lies in a
hospital here recovering from an in
jury that cost him- Ms left leg. stated
to-day that he will give up racing. Th*
accident to Webb Jay at Buffalo made
a profound impression upon Klser and
led him to make this decision.
. . \u25a0 - . ' « • » '\u25a0
PITCHF.R OVERALL IS EASY
FOR THE BOSTON SLUGGERS
Many of the leading officials in au
tomobile racing, including manufactur
ers, are a unit in declaring that the
accident to Jay, ' following so; closely
on others of a similar character, has
sounded the death knell to automobile
racing on " circular tracks. William
Hotchkiss. former president of the
Buffalo Automobile Club, said: •", '
','There will never be another auto
mobile race in Buffalo or In its vicinity
if I can; enlist the power of the Su
preme Court of New York, to prevent
it. I shall hereafter oppose the hold
ing of anyfsuch events, both as a law
yer and as an enthusiastic automobl
list"
BUFFALO. Aug. 19. — Webb Jay. .who
was so terribly injured In the ten-mile
automobile race at Kenllworth "^.Park
yesterday, continued to Improve to-day.
While/ he ; Is not yet out of - dancer,
every hour of improvement will help
him to fight the crisis when It comes.
Pneumonia and pleurisy have not yet
set in. as was anticipated, and his
punctured lung is not so badly injured
as was thought. Jay was partially
conscious at times to-day, but ' he did
not recognize his wife and his little
boy at his bedside.
J. B. Iverson's North Star
Captures Rich Event at .
Santa. Eosa Meet., .
MISS SUTTON
IN CINCINNATI
Doctors Announce That the
Injured Man Still Has
Fighting Chance for Life
FAST 3IILE IS SHOW
BY A THKEE-YEAE-6ID
Takes the : Commuters Down
the Line in Order and
Allows Them but Two Hits
Manager Coftroth then announced
that so far as he waa concerned the in
cident was closed. His plans for the
promotion of the affair at Colma are
elaborate and be must set his men at
work to-morrow on the arena to have
It completed in due season. Thcio i*
another reason which is more import^
ant to him. He does not want the im
pression to go abroad that the fight
will be held on some date other thin
Admission day. He expects
from various parts of the United
States and he does not want them in
doubt as to whether there will be a
postponement of the fight.
At a meeting of the celebration commit
tee of the Native Sons last night, the
fight committee reported" that nothing
definite had been done ud to date, but
that they expected to delegate men to
the I various summer resorts where the
Supervisors are spending their vacations
to see if they could not secure their sig
natures to a petition for a fight permit
in this city for the Colma Club during
the month of September. The committee
stated it would be a useless task and a
waste of money to try to bring this end
about by the means of telegrams. They
Mated, however, that they could let the
dub manager know definitely by Wed
nesday whether they could secure the
permit.
MAVAGER COFFItpTH'S STA.\D.
From the stand taken by Manager Cof
froth last night it is a question as to
what action he would take if the permit
were placed in his hands within the next
three days. He stated positively that he
would not take the matter up again.
Efforts were made yesterday to bring
Manager Nolan and Will*? Britt together
on the question of the <10,000 side bet,
which played such a prominent part in
the negotiations for the match. Harry
Corbett. the official stakeholder, was at
Uncle Tom's Cabin and could not be
reached. 'lt was agreed to meet him to- '
morrow, when the bet may be made. The
pretsent intention is to put up $2500 on
oach side to guarantee the bet would be
completed on the day before the fight.
" BOXERS ARE IX TRAIXIXG.
Jimmy Britt settled down to the routine
of training yesterday by going on the
road for a long tramp. His boxing an<J
other work will be taken up next.week at
tin 3 Beach ' Tavern. . .- -
Battling Nelson was the center of at
traction at his training quarters at Smil
ing Melzner's yesterday. He greeted his
visitors pleasantly and chatted about his
hunting and fishing experiences in the
Sierra Nevadas and expressed himself as
feeling confident of winning the coming
fight. Nelson, who Is as brown as a
berry and as active as a cat from his
mountain trip, put in the day with road
work, horseback riding and skipping the
rope. The outdoor arena was completed
yesterday and Nelson will do his work
there. Nelson has been doing shadow
work on the platform and he will begin
sparring to-day with Jimmy Gardner.
Nelson managed to reduce his weight' by
two pounds to-day. He says that he will
have no trouble to get down to weight.
Unless something unforeseen hap
pens the fight between Jimmy Brltt a.nd
Battling Nelson will take place at
Colma on September 9, as originally
planned. The Native Sons were .not
able to deliver to Manager James Coff
roth last night a permit for a fight to
take place In this city some time in
(September subsequent to Admission
day. l . . -
KEEFE IS AN , ENIGMA
I Gilfaln 9T. Mint Bed 00, Mattle H 110. finished
j as named.
j THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
! handicap: . %as*i#-<sg&*
Betting.' Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
4to I— S. Frances. 109 (Morsn) «•lV* 1 I
5 to I—Osee.1 — Osee. 100 (Williams).... 2 2 4 2 1
15 to I— Hoi Polio!, W (Wilson). ' 3' 5 V% 3 1--
Tlme. 1 :06 1-3. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, A. Baker & Co.'s eh. ." f.. by Ben
Strome-Sara'^ Ramey. Excitement - 112. Neo
desha ICO.; Topsy Robinson 101. Agnolo 107,
Jack's Queen 9V. Trenola 101. Chief Hayes 10S,
finished as 'earned. -
.FOURTH RACE— MiIe; handicap; three
year-olds and up: \u25a0 ••
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
7to 10— Red Leaf. 97 (Radtke) 1 1 4 1 ,10
15 to 2— Intense. 89 (Hidts) 2 2 1" 2 1&
7to I—S1 — S Thistle. OS (Robinson) 3 4 3 1-
Tlme, 1:40 2-5. , Start good. Won easily.
Winner," Ev Corrigan's eh. f. (3) by.'Hermence-
Readlna.< King Ellsworth 97. also ran.
\u25a0 FIFTH RACE^Five and a ! half- furlongs;
selling; two-year-olds: /
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
25 to I— Qn Carolina, 98 (Robnsn) 2^3 2 1 V,
12 to I— \u25a0 Malleable. 105 -• (Tooman) 3 2 1 2 1
,6to I— Jap Maid, 102 i (Willlms) 5 4 1 3 2
\u25a0Time, 1:13 2-5. "Start bad- Won driving.
'Winner, W. F. Cross' b. f . Montana-Kruda.
Doc Thompson 92.' Dr. Keith 97. Toast Master
100. -St, Columb 109. Port Worth "105, Gary
95, Fairvlew 105, finished as named. . .
SIXTH RACE-Mlle and a quarter selling;
four-year-olds and up : -\u25a0
.Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. fi Fin.
'5 to 2-^Forelgner. 96 (Radtke) .,. 4 Ift .14.
9to 5-^-Fonsoluca." 100 (Robinson) 2 2 4 2 "4
7to 2— Dungannon, 91 (Morris)' 1 3 8 315
Time, : 2:16 2-5. , Start . bad. Won ' easily.
Winner, P. M. Civil' s eh. g. (4) by Plaudlt-
Hereuse: Hot .96. Mate Hanlon 91. Danube 86.
The . Messenger 88, • finished . as named.
• SARATOGA, 'nY V.,- Aug. 19.— Eight
thousand jj racing ) enthusiasts witnessed
a {driving finish this afternoon forTthe
Saratoga cup. -There; wereV only three
'horses Jn-" the' racje •. and John Sanford's
Caughnawaga' won -from August "Bejf
monts • Beldame. The \ latter made I the
j running for a mile.anda half, trailed
by Cairngorm." •On the; back v stretch
Martin made his run? after Beldame and
drew; level with her) at^- the -half-mile
pole./ They? ran headland head td. the
. home. turn, .where Cairngorm gained an
'advantage . of '\u25a0\u25a0 a ; length and looked ; like
( a ; winner. ,He stopped to- 'nothing 'a
furlong; from .home and Caughnawaga
came~'on with' a timely, rush; He passed
Cairngorm [ easily } and r then : went after
Beldame,: which seemed to- take a new
lease jof - ; Hfe. after. Cairngorm:, quit.
I Caughnawaga : had too much' left ;and
won by a length; -. Summary: . J
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs, . "selling, three
year-olds: -.. -. . '\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0• \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 «\u25a0-\u25a0 ' .-\u25a0-;\u25a0 • •-
Betting. \u25a0' Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *;. . Fin.
40 to I— Brush Up, 96 (Perrine). 1 \u25a0 2 J5 UH
7 to 2— Humo, 108 (licDantel). 8 5 % 2 1
20 to I— Water Mirror, 88 (Swll) 2 11 .3 h \
Time 1:13 4-5. Start fair. .Won easily.'.Win
ner, M. L. Hay man's b.f. by Ben Brush-Miss
Laudeman. Confessor. ' Danseuse. Ralbert,
Pioneer, ": Colonel White, * Lochlnvar, : Regal,
Ptggy O'Neil, .finished as named.
SECOND RACE— The : Beverwick: Handicap
Steeplechase, about \two ana a half miles, for
four-year-olds and upward:'" . \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
Betting.'.' Horse, ' Weight. Jockey. St. • %. ,. Fin. -;
13 to 10— Jimmy, Lane, US (Ows) 2 14 120
\u25a07 to 2— Maiden, ,1«1 (Roderick) 1 2 3 2 20
3. t0. a-^ftn Newman, 162 (Ray) 3 .3 '3 ' *
* time 6 :31 2-5. • I Start . good. Won easily.
Winner, Mr. Colton's eh. g. by His ; Grace-
Anna Page. Three starters.
THIRD - RACE— Six furlongs, the ' United
States Hotel Stake*, , two-year-olds: - -*. \u25a0
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. I St. %. Fin.
3 to B— Burgomaster. 127 (Reflfn) 113 11%
3 to s— Pegasus, . 112 (Lyne) . . ... 4 2 1 2.2
7 to 2— Ormondale, 112 (Burns) .65.2 33.
' Time 1:13 4-5. Start ralr. Won handily.
Winner, H. P. Whitney's br. c. ' by Hamburg-
Hurley, Burley. BellsnicKer, Oyama, • McKltt
tredge, Samson, finished as named.
• : FOURTH RACE — One" and three-quarter
miles: 1 The Saratoga Cup:.
B*ttlng. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
6to s—Caughnawaga,l27^(Rdfrn)5 — Caughnawaga,127^(Rdfrn) 2 3 11
. IS to s— Beldame. 121 • (O'Neil) . : . IVI 2 2 3
Sto s— Cairngorm.ll3 (J.Martin) 3 2 2 :$
• •\u25a0Time,' B:oo 4-5. .Start fair. Won ridden out.
Winner. <\u25a0 J.~ Sanford'a eh. h. •by CUftord-lA
Tolsca. Three starters. ; ; - • , i • -
, FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year
iolds and up; . eellinc: : . » . . -.-.-. .-\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0',
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin..
11 to &— X. of Rhodes, 98 (Mclnre) 5 3% 1 h
7to I— K.Rose. 108 (W.Buchan) 2 5 % 2 4
50 to I— lrish , Wltch.loo (J.Mlller) 3 1H32
Time. 1:41 2-5. --Start fair. Won driving-.'
Winner. W.H.Buch's b. r. by Knight of El
lerslie-fiister Louise. The Lady Rhodesia, Our
Sister, v Fleur ,de Marie, The Cure, :. Saladin,
Colossal Gay Lothario, Just So, Old England.
Lineal* and Celebration finished as named. . : .
.'\u25a0;"• SIXTH RACE^tSIx; furlongs; .two-year-olds;
purse:. • •\u25a0.\u25a0;-\u25a0'\u25a0 :. :-.y ,•.-... -.:... ;-.
Bettlnjr. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St.- ,%. Fin.;
40 to I— Yalagal . 110 (W.Buchan) 3 3h" t h
13to6— Flip.Flap.119 (WJCnapp) 5 6 23:
\u25a0 5 to 2— Bridgeman. . 117 (O/Ne11) .2*223 1%
Time, 1:14. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, ,W. Shields'.,, eh. .f.\,by - Hamburg-Black
Venus. l ' Runntnjr ' water,'. Timber '.and Debar
finished as named;' ' s:'-v ; /.}:•\u25a0-. - ..-\u25a0:\u25a0.*\u25a0
ADMISSION DAY IS THE DATE DECIDED UPON
Special Dfsjjntoli to' The CalL
Manager Jim Coffroth Declares the , Incident Is
Closed and Adheres to Original Plan. [
WEBB JAY UNCONSCIOUS
Officials Are Arousal Ow
ing to Several Serious
Thick Accidents Recently
Tigers : Have Tlieir ;\u25a0 Batting
Eyes and Send Southpaw's
Curves- in All; Directions
fortlie Saratoga feup:
NATIVE SONS ARE UNABLE TO
DELIVER THE PERM IT.
GRAHAM PROVES
TOO GENEROUS
SANFORD COLORS
FINISH IN FRONT
PLAN TO STOP
MOTOR RACING
SPORTS
PAGE
FIGHT WILL TAKE PLACE IN COLMA
47
THE "SAN : FRANCISGO/CALL*. SUNDAY. AUGUST 20:-. 1905.
EDITED BY ,
R.A. SMYTH
C4E W-YOKK, - f Aug., JO.^lveri Lawsou
of Salt ; Lake ;City\ captured '. the"; National
Cycl e' ? "Association's ;.' / race ' to--n ight /at
the^yallsburg Jtrack] in^Newark by.win
h ing a the [quarter ; mile: in '."] 31* seconds.
Frankflfc • Kramor was ; outgeneraled in
his semi-final heat and shut 1 out of t lie
final. \j W. ; K.t Fenn" gave'Lawson ! a ; good
fight, fbut^was^defeatedYby ; six finches.
Five *' thousand ? people witnessed ' the
contests. \u25a0 : \u25a0; iSfMHMeflnßttßßßra
Iver ' La w son ' Is Cycle Champion,
Weak Men and Rupture Cured
£— - (^
I : K $&«&J/&r ment, etc.; will ,
W I quickly DE- !
«r nl^^ I pSktiß velop xew
<£ 'MSSK « G V A .%• D
i*L&\' ' : "Jss?h^ lSj 2 O P ULLY RE -
'i&h&k^F^* :3l: 3l m2st « k c 'illli 1 11 c
-_3 ONTHC: fiIqJSS'VOTJTH.. It 13
<*tj SQUARE c fe a s» n aiso the only
&i*ra'T3r27 ?^niniS3 J positive means
'\u25a0itJmmTHM.lmihJm* * known which
will complcu-Iy uc-y«»o;> the organs: Used
|ii» pp L uffpCT U3ETHRAO. WtOCATION ;" <I3^ \
\u25a0with our Soluble iledicatedUrethral '
Crayons.' Quickly cure* all drains and ;
discharges, Varicocele, Stricture, Prema-
ture Decay. Enlargement of Prostate '
Gland, etc "Special cure for.RUPFUHE :
; (at office only),- one treatment weekly \u25a0
for eight weeks; no knife, no delay from :
work. Guarantee perfect cure. Money i
left in bank. BBS
WHITE TOR ILLUSTRATED 100-
PAGE BOOK. FREE AT OFFICE OR
SBXT. SBCLIU3LV SEALED " lI V EX- I
I'KESS. LETTERS .OD ORDERS RE-
CEIVED «V KXPUESS iO\LY FOR Tilt
I'KESEXT. We have the most success-
ful, simple and economical home cure in
the . world for weak men. Call to-day.
Office hours, 10 to 9. Sundays, , 10 to -1.
YXCVV3I AXD VIBRATIOX CO«
• • O'FarreU SW S. F.
JMPReuSY
WORSE THAN THE DISEASE
\u25a0'\u25a0 The effects of Mercury and Potash are
worse ' than ! the effects of ' Contagious
Blood Poison, for which these miaeral»
are , generally used. They . cannot cure
the disease,' and in addition set up a pois-
on of their own, producing dyspepsia, by
drying tip the gastric jufces, salivation,
sores,- mercur'al rheumatism,- and of tea
necrosis of the bones.
Bowling Green, Kj., Mitchell House.
Oentlamen:— Por over four yean I »u#»
fered greatly rrom a a«Tere-caaa of Con-
tagious Blood Poison. I wont to Hot
\u25a0 Springs, stayinr there four month* at a
' big expense, j I then consulted * phy«i-
! clans, who prescribed Mercury. : Noth-
ing did me any eood, in fact the treat-
ment proved more harmful than beaen-
. ci»l- ' Thus I continued to suffer for foar
years. I mentioned my ease to a friend,
) who told me that 3. S. 8. had certainly
cured him. I at onoa commenced ita use,
and in six months could find no trace
of the disease whatever. This waa about
two' years ago, and there- hae been no
aiffss of return. D. M. SAJTOEBS.
S. S. S., a remedy made from roots,
herbs and barks, is the only known an-
tidote for Contagions Blood Poison.:/ ir
thoroughly and .permanently eradicates
the poison from the blood so that no sign
is -, ever seen 'of __ the disease in future.
\ S. S. S. builds up instead of tearing down
; the system, ; as do . Mercury . and Potash,
and when it has cured the • disease every
part of. the body has been toned up
.by k its purifying and • .tonic ; effects.
,S, S.S/also removes any "effects of. the
''\ mineral treat-
SI jWQfc to#nt from the
I IMP *^ K^^ blood. We offer
\u25a0 \u25a0 "ward °f
f afaiaT 1i.000.00 for
\ PURELYiVE6ETABLE. S. S. S. contains
JBtSHKMKqfIpMMfIBW* P article of
Mercury, - : Potash or any 'other . mineral.
Home treatment book and any medical
advice .will be given without charge,*;'
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., At! art*, fla.Calif ornlann * In • New • Took.
-YORK, : Aug. !».—The2follow
ing Calif ornians ; are In New. York:
1\u25a0: San • J Francisco — . T. { Cook. - -s Herald
Square; Mrs. A: p. Courtney. Empire-
Miss Gary er. < Herald , Square ; C. . B/; Sex
ton^; Hotel .Cadillac; Miss ißoyce.* Ven
deme; S J. '\: S-t Osborn. Hoffman : \u2666 H." B?
Strame. lßartholdi.
<i SantaV'" Barbara— Miss Carter. •'* St
Denis. 1 : Fvv">,-^:f -•'[]\u25a0.: ."*'/..',.". \u25a0'\u25a0'':
«s Los. Angeles— .W.R.Jiclllvaln. Grand
Union; T."B. Van; Alstyne^'Aator. : . J
San Franciscans In London. . '
5 LONDON, Aug. M9.^-Mr;Vaad?Mrst C.
L Ackerman of San Francisco ar* rear
is ter ed « atl the I Car 1 ton. •\u25a0 > . ;
Battling for. his; life within the coils of !
a monster eriake. the hot ; breath of the
Infuriated . reptile, fairly scorching \u25a0 his
cheeks with *its deadly, breath, : the ugly
teeth tearing hia J powerless ' flesk j.with
cruel eagerness, ; Hugo; Toedter -.^'as' res
cued . from- the "crushing. . embrace^-; of ? a
python', yesterday * morning, by" the quick
action of S. S. Rawson, a Enake : charmer,
\u25a0who drove a chisel- between the -teeth f of
the reptile, loosened the mighty/Jaws and
tore the muscled body from around \u25a0 the'
expected rtctlm. \ < -
This fight for life took place at ;. the
Barcella bird store* on «-\ upper- Market
street just before noon yesterday, when '
Monster Attacks Its Trainer
BWken Attempt Is Made
to Measure Its Body
fe- A / woman *\u25a0 who' gave ,* her \ name as
;Katef Smith " and her? residence ? as^47 j
Ivy/ avenue, \u25a0 stolej a buggy" standin gf In
Golden ;! Gate Park ; arid " after *'a mad
"ride was = thrown* out "of "the? rig.'o One
\u25a0 earJwasltorn.V She 5 was -treated I at\the*
jParkjEhiergendy,'Hospltal!and; later re- 1
*moVed^4to 4 the Q Detention*^. HospltaK*
"where: sh"e~ is ;held,pendlng. her examlna-^
jtionlforiinsanltyAsTheirigibelonged'.to^
I ; the;pexter-Prince*[ S tables.^ SheVadmits"
JthatsSrriJth!is;not«.her/riame? saying she
"r ef v sed S to Vdiy ulgel her/" f amlljr j ? connec;
rtions' for. fear, of themr^"
I . ; ',""- •\u25a0"''•-\u25a0'•— — "'''„* \u2666"'', .'' : '...."' * ~~y-''-i.'''i%-'.'
\ f-£j "Do "wntomi i pronerty^ j i« ": San " ; Fran-'
Cisco ? bu. • v a . T»-ide- . Blsnincance nowa
|:daJ;s^«;^V7';|-/:V'ii: -.:' ? ."^":.J '} -i'-.'. ''i-Y/'cL-'f^' 1
i ii^: Some ? cilt-edse inyeatment. « for yon j
to . consider ; - advertised ",;\u25a0\u25a0' !\u25a0>"-' Sunday's
VcAvLPJ-'rt'y >;• --y ;: ' iVy - sf \u25a0>: '-V' - \u25a0•-. ;>;;:•\u25a0;\u25a0- :) -
\u25a0';"-- ~'~r*\.\, . -\u0084_ ..' [S>_».^.. ''-'\u25a0'-:-. \u25a0\u25a0 t .'.-V>f
I .£;The I best i way ; to] clear] your^ title ; to" an
I estate !Jn | the , skies t is \u25a0 to j pay J: your f taxes
on'it m»w.'- ' ' ' .. ,' ' '/ \u25a0
Hurt After .Wild Ride.
General Frederick :'- Pjinstoni/: accom-'
panied" by Major;. Samuelj-W.l Dunning.'
will leave ; f or, a'*, tour :, of .• inspection 7 of
j the : troops I • stationed jfat ? 'Camp '/A: 3 E.
i.Wood.iYosemitelyalley.'orinext'Satur-'
day. : ;i.The] troops" stationed 'inlthelval-^
ley.^ are lithe" FortyffourthiCavalry.tun^
der s commandi oft Captain' Harry,; O.ißeri^
:Bon.^i' General *j Funston * expects * to'f. be
'away .'about f aVweek-t" V." \u25a0/\u25a0"' '-i'-''^l':' r i i € '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'
s;i Major 2 Dunning,' who is "\u25a0 military^sec
retary; of [theiDepartmentrof California; 1
1 returned ? to \the 5 duties [of J his -post I yes^
terdayJafterXaitwolweeks^leaveAsk^l
The j transports Buford,'|;,Balllng^fr6m
\u25a0 here • on 3 September^: 5 J f or/ Manila,*: will '
take '=' headquarters -band s and Uroops i'Af i
B, r C; :-E,*._Fj and f Gjof | the t Fourth^Cavalry. :
f%? Lieutenant 'Joseph] C 4 Righter.i Fourth 1
; sence- for. a month^vlsitlng' his^relatives
, iri^ the }. East;| is jTdue'j at | his 1 post * ati the"
rPresidio f to-morrow.'^ i' :?'';>' .V ''^ iC^''?-/l
i? 5 Leave j 6f 'absence ] for. one] month- has'
/f granted tCaptain y James « M.*; Ken
jnedy.i: aksistariti surgeon,^ army^general 1
* hospital; Francisco^
;CaUfqrrila,^wlth^rpermissiqnvto2;{?applyj
S direc tt to| theXmilitary/secreuLry* i 6t | tho
army; for; an ex tension of rone ; morith.^:- ..;
Z$ Leavejof f absencel f orXone't month i has*
\u25a0-: been granted Captain Leonard D. Wild--'
MEN STRUGGLE
WITH A PYTHON
iP ;< Dr.^ Belle jSharpe 'of Los Angeles i^ I
at the I Occidental.'; - . ?- . • . j
'; f Rev. -James ' M."- Hayes of * Dallas, ". Texi,"
is 1 at f the J Occidental. '; jb-^V: :-' i i;~: i
\u25a0'v Fred =-H.'£Blxby7:' a; capitalist :* of Long^J
Beachr.is-atlthe'Palace.' ; ;
\u25a0 H. ; C."' Korf i; arid - 1. wife rot Newton,- j
lowa, ; areltayingjatjsthe" California.'"* ;-,
v- fW. r AI - Sariford,>vice"r president fof i the
' First %\ National i i Bank ; • 'of .*;\u25a0 Cherokee,'
lowa, - ; arid : ,wlfe<arelat f .the^Palace. ' '
;*2iW.' ; ,W.":, King, 5 John \ Yf. Tobln and E.
;EL."n Critzer.liWell-known .' business men
of -»: San'sAntohio,*iTex.T; are" : among the
latest' arrivals /at ?the's Palace.
C. H. v Palmer, of .Barberton," Ohio^gen- !
eral s superintendentTof '!; the ;] Diamond !
Match: Company's lvarious plants In this '
country.iisi'at \u25a0 the>Palace. ; " He 'has come i
; Westf. lnTconnectiori : with,, the: proposed j
improvements ;of fr,the r company's' new
»plant!at' Stirling. 1 ' p.. -
IK J^Rossrciark|arid ;E..W., Gllletp;vlce
•president .< and ' * gerieral^pnsseriger '- and
treight'i agerit.l. respectively.^of ,-; the] Salt
'Lake; road,'"i Who; have^beeni here f confer-;
ringfwith Edward Chambers of theJSari"
\u25a0 tsT-i Fe".i line « regarding^ interchange *.'of
•trackage iprlvllegesvin*S6uthern' r ;Caii4
fornla^leftjlast^nlg^
':\u25a0}, Mf^li^Rarisohoff Jhas; returned from a
six weeks' business, trip] in \the IJast, 6 He
states that J the ) and extent : of
TO INSPECT TEOOPS
No! s s Not ihe!- He. would, fight! He-was
the<:klng! t .;':V-< '.:.}'J'.\. : ; \.; :.;\u25a0 ,r ; . v'V/:';M
' .: ; With' 1 ; one i. powerful \ twist ; of ; his • great
,, f body a he . seized £ trainer v about ..the
'.waist \u25a0 and ~. fastened '.-\u25a0 his . pointed ; fangs
deep Into iToe'dter'p'arm. ? V'At t last he [was
v to': L be?free.'. : ,\,'-:./p^[ : "-\u25a0-•.':\u25a0"--- '^"~"i V .V ; j
But he had reckoned "without knowledge
of | theT conditions against him: f After, one
frightened { cry < '.Toedter * was ; fighting, with
superb" strength 5 for j his i^very ' llf e.% Fast
atid v furious * was • • the ,; fighting.; ; : Toedter
aimed ,; blow .'after ; blow, atr : thel python's"
head. . * Great ? drops ! of perspiration', stood
out- over,; his; face. 1 ", ?--''ij \u0084'\u25a0;•.. ->IV'^'"^ "y\. : . [
*:- Still he'^foughtion.' \Rawson ;twas \ now
.working ; desperately| at ; (the 'i mighty^;coils. £
.The " thrashing! around .carried 1 , them * into
! the ;. back i room ' of • the \ store.\There i Raw-*
I son ! ; spied > a 'chiselfj J, He \was tunable t to
I force sit i through? the 'jaws of Hhe * reptile, 1
' but with 1 the* aid fdf [a.: hammer; he < finally
' succeeded ;lny prying./ aparU the : jaws ; of
!', the ...-.\u25a0: ...\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0, • •.\u25a0\u25a0'.-,-\u25a0\u25a0,, \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0' :>
I - -^.Within ' the '\u25a0 next , few; minutes ;the ; flght-^
l.ing\waa Man^and^serpent'jknew:
. that rvictoryVw6uldl/come3to^bne?orS the
I other' inra^few-mlnutes^forjneitherrcould*
i stand [pace iveryjl lohg.V Slowly,
I manlwcm. r ; .CoU-byicoU^.tne"twrithihgib6dy :
was \torn away.* Toedter . -was! saved.^Then
came J the i care Ii of < Drs* Hill/'j? Rawson's
I body,^ too,' jwas.'badly' bruised.'/.; •\u25a0' ,'^yi
jv.:;- \u25a0\u0084\u25a0..-:'\u25a0'"'" . -\u0084. Z *J*.y".."r -'-J*i'."*\. .''-V ''":'•\u25a0':•": ''\
.„- Heaven ; - measures ' a? man's Twealtn ' by
the things be has given away. : '\u25a0' -' ; -; ~: (\u25a0 '\u25a0- ; -
J.C.'Stubbs, director ; of trafHc of tho
Harri man lines; Judge~W. 'Wick Cotton,,
chief " of • the .Oregon T; Railway
and ,- Navigation Company, and J. ."P."
O;Brien,\ general manager, of -the same
company."^ arrived here ; yesterday : from
Portland and are staying *at the St.
Francis.:; They have. come here to- ; con
fer,; with. Julius :Kruttschnitt and other
Harriman "< officials .'on 1 matters pertain
ing to. the joint-business of the Harri
1 man '\u25a0lines. iX . ,* - . .
.n»er cha odlse secured by him of women's
ready-to-wear apparel. : for.; which>hi» '
establishment stands ; pre-eminent. Vhaa
never before been . equaled Tand i that \ Its
early tarrlval is assured.""
man; Signal Corps, Benicia Barracks,
Callf6rnia; v " ' ... .- : \u25a0•-\u25a0;\u25a0. .- ' "->.\u25a0: ,^,. ;>-. ./•„- \u25a0-^ , :
vS Miss : Cliff ord > A. f Mitchell.; sister of.
Lieutenant Burton J. Mitchell, who has
been^ visiting;; the; clty^ for.; the'f last tten
days, 1 '; will '?. leave ", t or, > her^ home : in \ lola,
Kansas, on* the overland limited ' this
morning. ;• ; i_ ":':... ;.-.- '\u25a0.',-'\u25a0,;': '\u25a0".:. •. '.
'-.The? python ;of,. »the> adventure- was
brought from -Africa'; in {the steamer Cop
tic'several";weeks . ag6 ;andjplaced ; in/a
cage* In • the . window, of, the ; store. 1 / ; There
it .basked 1 in the ' sunshine. \% TbedteV:. was
its;keeper and-' he^ naihed- It ."Moonbeam",
because ; Its : coat '\u25a0 reflected : the colors "at
night.:." ' ':- : :"l 1 : -/; ,.[ "'\'-;'- ; '\u25a0>:;':''
\u25a0 One day ; last,. week Rawson,- a \u25a0 snake^
charmer, ; passed > the ;' window. ;\u25a0"•* He," too,
was fascinated with Moonbeam and \he
became, the * purchaser, .'.yesterday -was
"set., for. the. r measurement * of * the/, reptile.* 1
Moonbeam? slid', out *x of L'the .V cage I- as
gracefully; as "any jjiihgle. fklngj, when >, the I
, bars ?'of ' his ,• cage } were ' let J down. V Hel let
.*hlmself '. be 1 and; wriggled r^with
snakely. pleasure' when' the tape ; stretchctl
,to -twenty-six I feet. \ .Was'hei nof a king ;
\u25a0indeed,', he." fancied? •" \u25a0' ;'-.•*• \u25a0" , •' \u25a0 . r7 ;
' Then ' came ]". the" tormenting '\u25a0-\u0084 thought 'i
{through " his j. wicked i braih.'t J Was /he >;not
*al king ? Of ' course : , he\was ! V'.ThVn ? what !
'was', he, i this ; great ) beauty -or" the \u25a0 king^' <
dom "of ? snakes,'* the;'maryel * of 1 thousands,' j
doing here in 1 a crowded cage, domineered
by/ mere men? £ He J would i not;! stand- it* '
fToedter was • measuring ".the -' reptile" be
fore' ifcj; recent purchaser; >Rawson. ,. Both
men were, squeezed -' and' 'bruised * and
Toedter's arm was badly, lacerated by the
*ltes» from ' the' python. UThe ' wounds ; were
dressed; at ithe Central Emergency* Hos
pital ", by * Dr.- Hill, who : took " 200 > stitches
In* dosing* the gashes ' made ' by i the teeth
of -the ' monster. *. K \ V "
PERSONAL.
THESSAX^FRAtiCIS^
48
\£v/y^^pVl .•.••>--*. - .-^"' : i\'i "\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0* 3 They announce a rain of >^OT^ ;.M"'. v ' .•!-••••.. '.••-•^" : Y^ :^^^M^iM*
••'" Po.^^ v® 5 /s& Jl^^K embroidery event of 'the year; planned on/ prepared for with . /ytjfcXi^^, T) •• -•• " '•-- • :; "' x^\^o^^
-.V* 1 : NOW' \u25a0Givesiit^ditiona!^ ||| I r
....^•.. fl :Mo^^^J^o^^^ \v y 120,000 yards all told Iwught^ y^ :^
''•^:^ v ; <::^^^jP^^.- : — .^t^ yards in -this, San store Jalqne:^Fr^ I^^Sv^ r: ''^&f&^& : ' '
~£\% 'mnimum iiii^T»^^a*n<S&t^S^^*^^w»viM^f^aw^snnnn»«nKan»aninw»awM^nnipj^^ narTOW ed2fifl2S afld in~ * ' :^mrrmmmm^^^^^^amt^^^^mmmmmmmmmmm&^mmi^mmmiimm^^^^m^mi^m^^mmm^^^^^i^^^^^^K^^^a^mt^^^^.
f*r>?SH.*^'~''?~''\'i°~n~ ! '"'i.'''.'' m ''~'"'''i''< . -ni ~" \u25a0*vr-r~~-\Kf\T :j*ia»wiQv irQ-'O'rT'.'l'.' 'iVfntmniTX'jTjyi—ruK.to *»<m h'lu >t>M* many designs,- from very fine pat- a!nTfflTsMsH*tTir)nfWi lln 1 »\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 ,t — - ;kmYtir ' \u25a0 :~: ~ _»_ , . _^-*'
ki^SF^ ''\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0•-•••••••\u25a0 • terns to the heavy raised and but- &2i&BR ' ' • •'"\u25a0 '•"•' • '• ' - ' *'•"• '•\u25a0\u25a0"!*\u25a0" '•' • '.'?. v. '.'.".''< .' ' »tffrW>?ytfy*!>'.W. J.T. .1 ' > \u25a0 U,!.^ JK.« in.w. 13.i1 3.ir L i.is i. , . , MjTfa
ig&%\\ : .t ............. \u25a0 • ... ..... •.:.:;;.A t . tonhole patterns. Sm^'^"' ' " "• ' ~:'" -"" "' * v ' * •-•'•.•\u25a0.••"\u25a0\u25a0•.-.:-.-• :•* ..• '•'.'•". ('•^yj^f
Vffi ':\u25a0''•'> r^T 1 • it j ' £<*' \ Embroideries v • -
®^ iiusiin underwear "\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 i^^^s«^;li7lM@'.;;^nite Waists
• \ . \u25a0• sertions to 2 Inches wide. Blind — V* \u25a0 -V^ V-r \u25a0 \u25a0,- •-\u25bc .. T. --m m A : fh*^* T T W-14^ tU
|^-^ tt J J r r ; " i: M^ \u25a0 and openwork patterns; in dot, v'---- \u25a0 " ' ' - » .-
X<y I >, Hundreds of garments. * hsSmeB^^^^^^h sSme 8^^^^^^
&' J tf4f?72 1 \ Hundreds of buildjng sale bargains, for every garment is edKe8 ' F ,; \u25a0 , ' r third week's march. -Hundreds will move out "at. d
\\jf vSSa^S. X a bargain, made' more important by building sale.. Yet there ,v^':hw™l?fS'?Sll5 Bni^k8 ni^k ' All of RiiilHirify V'^fe Prir^c
td^ .*Qjd6l| ,\ n 'f s hsrrrsin rcsrmpnr in rhp Int v v \u25a0f 0 - and cambric edgings, 4to 10 /All dl DUIIUIIIg^OdIC FrlCcS —^
W tJ:n<s^*^ j ion c a Dargain garment in me 101. t - inches, 'wide, insertions, 1. to 2 A ii- • i j v - ; n r j • « / 1 1 > T xs'jrX
V;t» «flfll"& ,/ 1 ' i. j-£r ir x '/• j <•'•' 1 'Inches wide. Blind and open pat- All waists? made especially: for Hale Vand especially for regular stocks. Now / jSjP J_ X
Viol*** "VTsfWA/v " JUSt as aitterent trom the garments yOU Tina in SOme Sales aS . tems;,many designsof the 1 and 8 the'Xqrders fare Kiraperativef^'make: 'robm^. handle tas few stocks -as -possible during //S // \
\ £NMVY/ day is different from night Made specially for Hale's^ccording^to :^ c n^h d^ed h^r h S^ Ji^ab^kk^th^e^^^p^ way to fjF\ &kjk*s \
x. y Hale specifications, in sanitary workshops, where the best \u25a0•' labor is \u0084.., Embroideries The above picture gives only a small idea of their unusukiness. \u25a0 \j£r Q»l6li
>^. employed and the best work is obtained. :''.'.. ' w^a^^^ rB^ > VvL,Ad&& D^ I
And yet bought, in such quantities that we could mark them 'at lower prices. Now they, are larger, econo- embroideries ; of swiss-and. cam- '.. li .*-.: x . v.:^ \u25a0\u25a0:.?\u25a0 -\u0084 * \u0084.-•. .-....\u25a0•* *r.. \u25a0;.-\u25a0 -\u25a0*"\u25a0*\u25a0.-• r \u25a0r'Y w \D U XTsfWA/l/
mies, more important yet in building sale. ' <' V ' wide CoVse^ Bcover8 cover widths ££ to See how dainty^ IIV/W/
Spread out ip a tempting fashion. They will occupy a large part of the second floor, starting to-morrow. 16, inches , wide. Blind and open lawh. vThlnk of; buying the f material, think^ of A -how ~ much V' the; "^workmanship \ /
Some of the values- here: designs; English' buttonhole, bow- would I cost. J^Tucked , in '\u25a0>^front,^^^with two large tucks 'in the back," new \u25a0 sleeves and ; X. >^
rinAvnc- at OOn Cor »«* cover. «t 2S«« Made of good Drnwe« nt 28ci ; :of good cambric, with SatterSi"' 1 ** "\u25a0\u25a0• Wh6el • "* ° Oral tu c ke^ '' collar. Andiyou'll gain a clearer idea of how much it means to buy them . \^_^^^
->V wvvlia <X\.- AtVS^. cambric,, round yokes of- lace lnser- -7-inch umbrella -ruffle, and torchon \u25a0 * {~* . at Building : Sale price, 25c. -.- , 5 * \u25a0 ' - \u25a0 >
Gowns of ,oft. muslin, high neck with and b aby rlbbon , ;BlzeB S4 to 44 . and lace ruffle on the Embroideries \u25a0; >v VJ^i^^tAO^^ \u25a0Th ey '"r eof | W^ Ut<! flf C t in. We ThaVe
sQuare yoke, trimmed with clusters r ir!V -„„„. .*>«„. Trr»nnh ;\u2666«!. «f DrawwiatsS. Made of «f odd cambric. / >q r « Worthr '* oca n<>^oc::; Swiss, jWa.lStSiat :^C.^iaw.n, -box VVaiStS at COC. \u25a0 \u25a0 & n c .-"i aw n. 'WaiSIS at 3> 1 . IU. illustrated
of flne tucks, hemstitched • cambric nafnso^k ?oSnd^ovf «f ww fJ tm " w?h'w"de^inibreila'ruffle o^ ! embroid- C " nainsook and cambric -em- : pleated.in front," pleated in back/ with . front -'tucked -and., with embroidery Just one style, made of fine lawn,
ruffle on collar and cuffs- sizes 14 to bSv inSn 2L dft * ' en^ and rcluster -of^ fine tucks '.broidery, edgings and corset^ cover embroidery; insertion.; the new sleeves. .; insertion; "fancy .'collar." full .sleeves trimmed with lace and embroidery
17 B»iMi»l «.i w i« broidery insertion. 28c^. - Draw«rr«t ' VcaS orniln- 'widths upjto 18 inches wide. In- tucked- collar. the one'in the r tucked to the: elbow. >; Other styles at insertion. . full sleeves with high
i<. BoJldinsr Sale Price. 29c. Corset Cover, at 43c 1 Six French styles Dr . B Z™Whh^U ruffl? with ! three "ertions and bands/ 2 to 6% inches Picture, many 'other styles, at. build- i building sale price. 68c.'-. , tucked ; cuff s. . Many other styles at
Goto, at 30c, ; Soft muslin, with V- - ?J* nn s al £ £ Bo ,°£ c In? iKJ M lk« ; wide. r* Blind: and , open ;»»tterii-: ,Ung sale price. W»c. \u0084; ? , Wai±t*Atßß& M Ad« of^flne ; building sale price. $iao. .
neck, yoke of 12 tucka. 39c. I; w ,fi? > nß ertion and lacej and lace ru ffl e 4s* • • •\u25a0-,-. ; . >v- -buttonhole,: wheat, Htfraf.v ralfled xmr^s^^ J.Vv^e^. Of" white VVaiSIS al OOCt, lawn fancy *
Gown. «t 48« Three styles of good broldery Wlt j3c T***' yOke ° f : *" "*~ Dr«-er. C at oS,' Of*very fine cambric; and ; combination" designs.. .;.;- Waistslat^Scr^ilVwn^lth -front.of -lace inserti&vflSe 4?52 Wai*?t«rat « 1 1^« «* >««
soft xnuslln? sauare T yoke of «mbsw » \u25a0-„ ' -, '. ' \u0084 < with deep umbrella ruffle of Swiss - FmhrftlrfpiiJAe' tucked V- yoke, insertion In; the yoke _ clustered tucks at n the ,back> The VVaiSCSTaI 3)1 .^D. warlsts.
erv TclteX roln on.rf lnsir' C<>r.et cover, .t 48c. Fine nainsook, embroidery. 58c. - ;'\u25a0 wCfnDrOlCleWeS^^ ' a nd down the front pleat, tucked col- waist In* the . picture * buttons vln the ,; button T tn^.the back, embroidered
tlon. ribbon and l flblw sleeves. 4Se^ S?hS ™*Z^ J,t* ' IZ 1% « embr °i d i ery> Other styles at 68c, BTc and ©Te. , ifi^.'/Worth :60c;to;«fc:iFlouna. .lar, .new sleeves.; Many other .styles back. Other' styles, at) bulldinF sale front, tucked back and collar, full
liuu. iDoon ana emow sieeves. 4»c other styles with round yoke of lace : -'->.-\u25a0 ••--T^.'-" i«r*' OOC. ? i nKB and corset •, cover > em- at 45e. - . , I price, . 88c » r . r- ? ; sleeves and- high tucked cuff. .
Comb, at 59c. Good cambric, with high insertion and ribbon. 4Sc ; - SKIrtS fl.l 59C Vi broidery. 10 to 24 inches;,' wide. >: ; : ... . . - -^ . :; . ; . " .• " ,; " .' ,
or v-necJc, yoke of 24 tucks and em- Cor.et Cover, at 50c. French style of -,-. ;^. \u25a0-- -" rt -.-- A,, \u25a0>;„• i^ '\u25a0\u25a0«\u25a0\u25a0 wlth,.and .without beading, < blind T\' : . CT '—Leading Fashion Journals say that • white :lawn waists will be good all; Winter.*. On account of the
a^sssasffisusK'st s\a^j&'^ssr«s: ISSssSf t^lS^iS IS s - -^f^-^.^ .(^^.^^ con, ing in <^^ > - -. .. ; -4
Govrn. at 75ci Fine cambric or nain- nth^r .tvUt at «L c -l -^a «o • torn. 50c. . "" > ", l : .« _-; w/irth'?!;!. >n bk^. r>«^.»» " : V \u25a0
oss-—o ss-— IS^SI "p^pp^-p? iiS^lliliiiiiliii iii i: we, s-^s -^ .1
Other styles at 87c, »7c and up to $10.00. M^°^ 8°"8 °" -»u"»n. with deep cambric lace and. -fine hemstitched tucks. ,24,and;44 inches' wide, in many .JL-4? UI 1 U'l =11 4^d.l W . J ,%iV 111 ICllilO ? D,W/rJ,^^-^U A<T n *V**v>?l.4 *f
ruffle, deep hem and hemstitching, cut Others with, hemstitched vhem; -and .nrettv Datterns "' \u25a0 . . L>Ullain£^,bale lVlOVetnent Of
C n**Cf*+' a+ t C/» full width and well made. 18c. tucks, extra dust ruffle. 68c. • V-. - « ' **' ' tm •\u25a0-'-* •«« • - . .. . \u25a0;•- \u25a0 -'. . '*-'- '-.;.\u25a0 ..,'.'-.' .•: -» f -"• '\u25a0- / • . -.- ,r-
vuiacL wuvcrb.'dl'lOL Drawer, at 2ic. Two styles of soft skirt, at 97c. Seven styles of fine cam- ; ] Embroideries • That will , interest i.every one, whether they^ want a^single {pair or a unusual importance this
r T.n S :i^Tz\^tt mh^: roxiadOT ;-; taS\SrS;Sr!S^3KßSfe^t aS\SrS;Sr!S^3KBSfe^i >u S: 75c:; ;^^ 0^|^SS^ weekl^Ftirther details in
Corset .Cover. « t 18c'. Of cambric. iSfe^S 23c. .' Three styles of soft " l^lSS^ro^ l^? 1^ Pf^n^ 12- inches deep.: _ PhrH^H fN irt^ IHC - : th^Examiner.
square or round yoke, of lace inser- muslin, wide umbrella ruffle, with i cluster of fine tucks 07c. Embroideries /\raDlan J », V^OrQcU AJUr^LalnS vbLOD ' — ~ — — '
tlon lace and baby ribbon, sizes 32 lace Insertion or hemstitched tucks Other skirts at *1.30, f1.50, »1.«8, *1.98 Ao ' . Worth 11.50- tb r 'f2.'o6f: '18- •'/\u25a0:•"' '."'.-: '. '; ; '" — •\u25a0-. V-. \u25a0--..\u25a0 ~ .;. .: .\u25a0 ..."-•/• ir;; ..-.: : ' :T ---..' •-..: U-f DJmO-Ca.
ro 44. isc. . , and lace ruffle. 23c -- .\u25a0\u25a0»•'.' andiup to fis^>o. •: -v^. y>; VOC. - lnch corset • cover embroid- That are regularly, $1.75 pair, with narrow -borders, : splendid, cur- . 11Cl L r%iri3 pC
As ion*** lots hrst me will mi Ai\ O 1 1 1^ ' " S'flo^ncSs* 1 &™ *?* ParlorL draping. ;Sale ; price, ?i,3S. ;";^ .-• -^ £-^- Find-them in.:the-jeWeiry store
SiS long as LOIS last ue U,tU JiU M /ZLI I iT^I^I \u25a0 C 51 T l^sP design 18 inches deep. Allovers In Cart. in. at 75c. Lace curtains in a Curtain Scrim, 8 l-3c . A dozen pieces :..,.*. X^.XA^ t l,p Ancir nccn'rtV»rl mi
, orders by mail, but on account 0/ the Mr Jm^tXJ UVI Id d. L. -* \u25a0V^\>- floral,- raised, dot- andY stripe ef- 'heavy .thread 3: yards Jong, j ecru scrinvln lace stripe effect, with \u25a0JuSliinsiae meaoor, aSSOrtea COI-
iHKtistialnesx ttf \u25a0 ilwxe valu^t hrsl . -^ ':^* • \u25a0 : , ..- ! feets.,; i : .- • • .40 to 42 Inches wide.Jn white or ecru, -Vneatsblue;tgreenlorred;stripes..<loc ofs and shapes, long 1 ,- Strong pins.
vnusuainess of inese values, oest , . . . • # <. - t .- : __ — \u25a0_ : _i__i_l^^ — ;—;; — ; . neat curtainsvfor- the bedroomtwln- .- quality at s l-3o yard."?*'"'' '; , • >, ,V " Vi" — ' -\u25a0- & - & *
order early and give us a chance to *> A rare : belt . opportunity. They re regular/ 25c values , in , ''\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0^-^ r^ : '\u25a0'\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 : :: > dOTO ""-^:-' .:\u25a0\u25a0:-\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0'.:'•.-\u25a0''\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'.. .\u25a0"....*? \u25a0\u25a0\u0084- $I^s Jut^Rus* osc. A clean-up sale Collar Buttons, 5c set;
substitute article you want has silk and leather. Just herein time to stir' up (unusual building; sale \u25a0" y^^^^ *'&s^l&^ x^v^^
already been sold. inWocf cHr+lnfr tn'mArm™ • \u25a0' '\u25a0 SjS-^ •''*\u25a0 X \u25a0 ' ment,- houses; 7 -^patterns "-to choose . sides,"? new ; Oriental and geometrical ;.: backs, good, strong, ones, go\o. plated.
I interest, Starting tO-morrOW. ; , . : . \u25a0, Ay^^\'^>*^^^:\ \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0" from:* \u25a0 . . - :\u25a0• \u25a0- ;- designs. -.- I; \u0084;::,- 4 . buttons^Bc. • .With sterling: silver
D;fl^ T^^^ k ' J he - si X ° n «. in the new girdle styles, finished with gold harness > r^QM&S \ Co^a^tSs,^]..^. Worth" 100.
MIIIOW 1 OD^ buckles, in black, white, brown and blue. /JW fcifiaßi^.^ \ Art Bprlap, 15c yard. Figured art^ bur- green, tan and slate; complete with with pearKtacks. silver rivets, those
a luun mv/ F^ The leather belts are crushed effects, some :with narrowlband W Ltgn^ [° St* cotor"*h^iw™w2Sht 36 cord,, brackets and n^
And center pieces. . mings, others plain or with dainty gold buckles. Some patent leather belts FV. sfrlillß^ ' / Inches wide; some, with patterns the Wf ??fJ£?« lfc . 1t .^ ?Bi n n>, M sWrt°\vaii? P #e* ioc,' Set of a mm
V Building sale interest is great for "children's ilWr Brown'suits in 'black. White, brown, blueTand Ved' vßUlW l^^^/ aval- h ??SS^d^^i^ e3 dSSS M ffitSSS«S?ir l Sii SS.? neVda?^
\u0084. ,b,, b , & at 15c » \u25a0 , i-'-i* <\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;•: /• '• .. \ l\C-F^V/ , itles at 15c yard. for drapings or comforter coverings. ty buckle effects.
tniS.weeK, lor , _ . . • \u25a0_• .- _ . V ,^*^,"/ - Japanese Crepe. 8 l-3ci In^dalnty de- ; 12%c i qualityat 9c yard. Gold GroMe».at 91.25. With solid gold
cor litr»n<rmnh#»H- tnn«i sm •jnr vC I fill ni-»/4 KH/* DnUr^ nf Ol?> - ; \ • -\u25a0/ -signs; in flight, and dark green, -pink, -a—mm Pol* wt,<i. ; io« naii- fronts, gold "filled backs, satin finish,
. SOC. iltnograpnea tops are 39c. vbIUU SiViCl D\JO ijQllS 3X ZDC \u25a0 • NYN V S .blue or .red; make pretty drapings for !£°" -sts£!»!;2?J??' . some bright.; some plain, . some set
« 6OC velour tOOS are -?«?C \u25a0 . ... . ~^: : . 7^<,,, T C. > -~^,^ \ . ;.. \u25a0•.-\u25a0><^-.. ; -'>^, -*'/','> .'.» the -.mantel:^r fillings >. for screens. ?*\u25a0\u25a0• Pole Rime. 10c \u25a0«*• ; ;wlth . pearls. } amethysts, f1.23 .- and
rr^ «nt« n ;L« ,««r, Jnsf'4oo of them. '-'And when you see them you will know why we say, they will '';•' ' * \u25a0 '^^ -"^ - : " ' '"- ; - :^ • 8 l-3c yard. ' . - , <;\u25a0 PiKiired.yelowra, 60e yard. .For- furni-/ $1.75/, . \u0084 -i •',;? ''-^>>- v.
- SOC Center pieces are 25c. \u0084 j . , -go quickly at the building sale, price, 25c. All, crushed; styles, .some trim- J - .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.-,- -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - - ,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0...\u25a0•-., - .. - \u25a0 — Art Denim, ioc.^4o pieces of figured art^^^ -ture, coverings. - »„-,•' . '-? — •\u25a0'\u25a0 .
The latest floral designs., tinted." The ' «cd. others' of fine soft kid. .in. black/ pink, light = blue, red, white* . ';: MS - J..^ '_; "' rT^rLil-."^ "."•"•'• denim : and? art creton,.: in light and Plain Burlap.. 12% c yard. ; All colors. CA«wV!iili'i JDl'^ .
center pieces with poinsettiaß. violets. ; and navy blue; all finished with gold or gun metal buckles. 25c . IVriIVCS \u25a0"OrICS medium colors, dainty - patterns for Rope Portiere., $2^5 -set. For single nCWin? iYlO.Crlin6
- : roses.- California poppies and' a num- '; ' - ': '\u25a0 .-•-.. ;- /;'•,"•. \u25a0- /•. ' \u25a0\u25a0 '* . " * \u25a0 ;V M *** :7 ,, ,bed^ '.sets, laundry .^or^ shoe; bags, i cur- >'<rfoors. „ . • '.'J>>'vji>Vr ; » -7 \* , "*O . --***^** *t*w
bpr. of other flowers., ...... 'I,: \u0084 . — ... \u25a0 , ' ..' ...... T . "' i | flry' •\Bu\\d.mfL values. ; 1200 of tairis.^ Inequality at 10c yard.- , ; Aiib -(t 1 0 : OC-«* It's One* ofthose
Perfectly Unted and ;easy.-.to work; t -, : - .: ;^ .' /- ;" ,' ;; ' - >• T l VfC • :: t hem -orfrfes. i.nA - : »tirfi Briiwi Roda, 7e7 each «~*. F0r .... half \ sash Carpet Binding;. 2c yard. J7 l Vi V^ • '"~~a " '• ' ' "
: all materials are here to work, them •.--¥.' Ti^ f_J. V" , • Mi/l :\u25a0 J\u25a0? f • ' • - ,*•»->' - * fc rf f • -ii*" ! "curtains^ Brass ? rods ; for fulMength Tape.try Cover.. 40c t- f In the armure T"^-*^ v. gOOd new SeW-
with.. And free, embroidery classes to I!-',I !-', I ;\u2666* ;r% I /3» '#*> \u25a0 -, "..\u25a0 \u25a0•/m/l''fl,"f ;O; O W<% '^% '\u25a0• '''\u25a0\u25a0*'/%-%\u25a0/<< f+'-'l- I *-*: grouped. ;;lvnives ;• that -will cut • curtains at lOc.' • -f- » 'weave, for small tables. • - 'ifi'{rrrnkrfiiTi>« •wfTti"««T«l emtA *
&&.*» 7x7;:«ii-r»«'».Sa'a«i-.fcv Just sooo.yards of it. Good, sturdy muslin,^ yard wide, worth,- M^^fe; c..« .roi. \u0084«u.r' f^iJ-. _ YTJ --i^U #i «^> #1 •*• -^teS^n^rto S
-^ be. Size Sz» at 3c, 12x12 at sc, 18x18 -W^want tn-^nHt 1li«t-t1 li«t-tn n ft«r>.«f;f ; ;t'rt!.'Uw; K -...ii-;.i- t* Ploor Brush, 65c. The first time, we ••>. - , '* ' . C 5\u0094 •' : ' \ •,'-.- \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0•.- . ' f^Prlce, $19.95,, w0rth coming to
' • \u25a0 -..^v- -^*^ "5- . - e PS?-''J! ls xJ 0 ? 0 - ;y •-8 Of • I M t -- t P l , s . b .. ml « in sT-Mie; Price.- It . mention it at; this 'price. ; It's a :> : , • , / .-.,.\u25a0*,:-\u25a0 j V-^ *. 1 A t a j fmd out about. • Free lessons and a
i ' : i .wII.L. wlI .L- a H se i a bu^?B /flurry* PiVVe expect it allto gp.to-morrowj .^ , . $1.00 brush,- wellv bristled; -.', 10,000 yards iOlit in the blue and white ;- check -that^ IS f most .five years' guarantee. -Third floor.;
ffl -uni.'f • short lengths, long enough :for-use; - quality muslin. Others sizes: \u0084.63x90 'stand. 5-foot "ibard of selected : w^V lc \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . v/*«vv /*« v 7.. -\u25a0 • >,-:^^.^v--^^,-V;.:,
Jm . A&/ dSJsE* mL& im£? 3*^s) "^4c^^ value; at building sale price. 6c nt 45c, 72x90at 50c, 81x90. «t 55c, 90x hard wood, firm and strongly '1' One '-'of the most -unusual, values 1 of building sale; 4Cyard. It-heads Mt^.^mW.. s£& ffl Jgsb \u25a0
Pill^Ca^.;i^l^4s^6V.l^64x36 Sl^ve^' Bo.rds; -29c. They^rev Just 1 V "t- / '' ' v!v. JF^£^^^?^ ]
'" .. ;; .', c ?^ > vA^«,Tf^7« ! fh^* Sr^. V.« t^' bl ?| lch ; (1 -^ »tronj;ly-niadB: r of • .here. .They.will. go! out? quickly. \u25a0 \u25a0:., Poulard Soltlnit, 10c^.ThaVs - 29 ; inches Cheviot »ul«n«;., ©e-^That are 29 ~^- — W^OO COOBS^^
" luri^v^ c^ . M«^ c-^r, c -I? " tra good equality. - with reinforced :.goodjihuslin;Uorn ' the aright 'way* of Sleeve Iron*v 45c .With cold: handle,' ; wlde.M in dark colors -only, r good 15c ' ; inches ; wlde; worth- Wc^yard; medium : . T_.
"Market .St.. 'Near Sixth, ,S. ,F. , seam, down the .center. ,. .- . ; .' the hem and sewed carefully. ,'-r - •-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0,\u25a0 ; ! full nickel plated. .. -r; ; ! values. .> r. vr \u25a0\u25a0 .—.\u25a0 : ..' .blue^only.; - .- ,; Market St Near - Sixth, S F