i oe Liau!mQfcB> More News Than Any Other raper Published in San Francisco
THE 'WEATHER.
Forecast for December 25, 1805:
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy
Friday, probably mm; brisk southeast
wind- A. a. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCIX— NO. 15.
CARMEN IN
MOOD TO GO
ON STRIKE
Declare That Time
Table Must Be
Changed.
Insist That Lay-Off Be
Given at Outer
Terminals.
If Request Is Denied There
May Be a Walking-Out
of Employes.
The onsen of San Francisco have
taJsen a decided Btsuic against the new
-^*chedul« lcstHuted by Manager Chap
?r.aa cf tfce United Railroads. At a meet
ing held last right, at Eagle Hall, they
passed resolutions requesting the United
H.4lroads to issue a new time table al
. ring five minutes" lay-off at each outer
-. : minus.
'- he men came to the meeting fresh
:r 3i their cars and tile vexations of the
r.ew schedule. They were in a vigorous
Elate cf mind, end President Cornelius
said that, in their present temper, he
coj'3 not vouch for their conduct should
the l-equpst be denied. He inferred that
ihey mieht Etrike.
There were 300 men at the meeting. They
came in platoons as their runs ended,
and ir.any left in the same way during
the evening for their night runs. There
*»re SBOO men employed by the United Rail
, roads, but en eceour.t of the diversity of
hours at which the men work an atiend
c»& nt itfs ,*s -<eft£iA«r<3f is. -good ~oce.-,The
citn" eeeir-ed grim, determined and very ;
mi^ch irritated by the strain put upon
thtm by the new runs.
Their grievance is that the new time
table makes the conditions under which
•..hey work intolerable. The new schedule
la an attempt to keep the same headway
between cars with a less number of cars
or. each route. This is done by reducing
t^-.e time allowed the motorman on his
r'-ute and the time of lay-oSC at the ter
minals. The result, the men say, is to
practically abolish what little time they
had formerly ax the ends of their runs,
to force them to rush their cars along
regardless of the comforts or necessities
of the public, end to keep them in a con
f-'az.i state of nervous tension.
They were free in the expression of
tl cir opinions of this state of things last
y. ght. A motorman of the Suiter-street
. r.e told of having worked his car stead
ily for seven hours without a second at
fejiy of the terminals to get off. The mo
tormen of the Kearny-street line said that
They found It absolutely impossible to keep
to their schedule. On the Ellis-street line
conditions are so bad, a conductor said,
that cars had to be started without glv
ir.g passengers a safe time to get on or
cfi. All of tfce men declared themselves
harassed to nervous prostration by the
jressure of time.
The acceptance by the United Bail
. roads of the request framed last night,
tr ; « men said, will remedy this state of
e^airs. The five minutes' lay -off at the
esa cf each round trip will not only give
ths time necessary for rest and decency,
but will also make the running time more
«iastic, thus enabling the cer crews to
give more attention to the taking on and
cif of the passengers.
President Cornelius of the Carmen's
Union was sanguine In his confidence that
the request would be granted?*" He said,
however, that if it were not granted, con
sidering the present temper of the men,
fee could not exewer for anything. "And
if they refused to work under the pres
ent conditions," he added, '"and 1 had the
power to persuade them to keep at work
1 would not do it. It would be unkind
ness for me to do bo."
Tee resolutions passed will be presented
to the representative of the United Rail
; ads to-morrow.
3IAY MAKE DEMAND
FOE SHORTER DAY
Coal Workers in Anthracite
Fields Meet in Annual
Convention.
SHAMOKIN. Pa-. Dec. 34.— The tri
district convention of the United Mine
"vrorker* of the anthracite coal fields
opened here to-day, with CSS delegates in
cttendance. representing 18.600 union men.
Burgess Davis Sbuster delivered a wel
coming address, after which President.
Mitchell, being unanimously choien chair
man, fcpoke briefly.
After the committees on resolutions and
wage scale were appointed the convention
tdjourned until to-morrow.
After adjournment of tne convention
the wage scale committee assembled in
President's MUcheiTs rooms at the Wind
bor Hotel and commenced work. The del
egates feel litde doubt that a demand for
an eight-hour day and recognition of the
union will be incorporated in the report
of this' committee, along with an increase
d waces from 10 to 20 per cent. The re
port of the committee, it is expected, will
be made to-morrow. .. .
' DEATH OF .\OTEU AUTHOR
REVEALS I.VTERESTIXG FACT
Books PabUshed Under Pseudonym of
L Mlm Fiona MacLeod Are Work
<V of \v;iliaiu Sharp. j
LONDON. Dec. 14. — The death Is an
nounced from Sicily of William Sharp,
the author. Concurrently with the an
nouncement Sharp* friend. Richard
Whiteing, reaveals the Interesting fact
that Sharp was the author of the works
published under the pseudonym of Miss
Fiona MAcLeod,
The San Francisco Call.
COWLEY MARRIES
LADY HARTOPP.
Earl Who Figured in London Scandal
Becomes Husband of Divorcee.
DIVORCED XOBLEWOMAX WHO HAS MARRIED BRITISH EARL WHO WAS
NAMED AS CO-RESPOXDEXT IN A DIVORCE SUIT BROUGHT BY HER
FORMER HUSBAND, SIR CHARLES HARTOPP.
COLOMBO, Ceylon, Dec. 14.— Earl Cow
ley and Lady Hartopp were married here
to-day.
"Lady Hartopp is the eldest daughter of
Mr. and Mn. Charles Henry Wilson of
Waterpriory, Yorkshire. She and her sis
ters were remarkable for " their beauty.
In April last Lady Hartopp was divorced
by Sir Charles after a sensational trial.
Earl Cowley was the co-respondent In the
ca6e. Before his accession to the title
Earl Cowley, as Viscount Dangan, was
the defendant In an action for breach
of promise brought by Phyllis Brough
toa of the Gaiety Theater, London. In
ISS3 he married Lady Violet Neville,
\u25a0laughter of the Marquis of Aberga
vennyo.
Eight years later she obtained a divorce,
and though she has since married Rob
ert Myddellon-Biddulph, Lady Violet still
continues to use the title of Countess
Cowley. on the ground that she is the
mother of Viscount Dangan. the heir to
the title, who is now about 15 years
NAMES OF SOCIETY
WOMEN ARE INVOLVED
Washington People Brought
Into Prominence by a
Lawsuit.
Esecial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, DecTll— The name of
Miss Maude Converse, daughter of Rear
Admiral Converse of the United States
navy, was brought into unusual promi
nence to-day in the hearing of a remark
able lawEuit at Flushing. The defendant
was Joseph Herrmann, a clubman of
Manhattan and very wealthy, who is be
ing sued for 53000 for professional cer
vices by Dr. Thoman H. Allen-
Two other society women were also
named in the case with the same promi
nence as was the admiral's daughter.
They were Mrs. Dunn and Mrs. Gibson,
full names and residences not disclosed.
Because ot the peculiar nature of the
case, the suit was brought in Flushing,
although both parties to it. as brought
out in the proceedings, live in New York
City. To have the case heard where there
would be less chance of publicity. Dr. Al
len had technically assigned his suit to
Eistel Meyerhoff of Flushing. The hear
ing was before Supreme Court Justice
Keogh and a Jury.
At Washington to-night Admiral Con
verse denied that Herrmann had paid any
bill of any kind for his daughter. Miss
Converse is now at her home in the capi
tal city.
Dr. Allen testified that certain checks
represented money paid him by Herr
mann for attending bis women . friends.
Then the names of th« women. were men
tioned. Judge Keogh would not permit
any dettiii to b« rel*t*4
TWENTY PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1905— PAGES 1 TO 10.
BARON WANTS
PENSION FROM
WIFE'S FATHER
Objects to His Treat
ment by Cleveland
Millionaire.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec 14,— "1 cannot
work. I have not been brought up that
way. I got $40 a week from my wife, but
what is that for a gentleman to live on?"
This was the statement made to-n!gnt
by Baron Max Zigf ried yon Schweidler
Schwartrenburg, who. separated from his
wife, formerly Miss Julia Keidel. daugh
ter of Phil J. Keidel. the Cleveland mil
lionaire, has come to this city to demand
his rights. H e wanta Keidel to support
him in a manner befitting- his station.
The Baron says he married Miss Ke'idel
In New York nine years # ago, having met
her while she was traveling in Europe
with her parents. \u25a0
"After the marriage xnjr wife and I went
abroad," he said. "My father-in-law al
lowed us all the money we needed during
the first year. We spent considerable
time in Paris and Monte Carlo. I recall
now, aa I speak of it, that I lost $12,000
in the Casino while there. But that was
a mere bagatelle. You se©, I had always
thought that Americans who wanted
titles were willing to pay for them. I
know titles only reasonably good that
have brought big money. I figured that
mine was worth millions. For this rea
son I was willing to sacrifice all my in
terests in my family estate. In all these
nine years I have been allowed only
$220,000 by my father-in-law." *
The Baron is living in a rooming
house. The separation between his wife
and himself took place about a year ago.
They were living in Nevf York then. Be
cause they had no money. ; he said, his
wife and their two children returned to
her father's home.' .:. •'
The Baron says h« is a ! lieutenant in
the Kaiser's Fifth Hussars.,. He fears the
publicity of his present affairs will result
in his expulsion from the army.
T«m Per Cent Wa are Increase.
BOSTON, Dec. 14.— Independent woolen
manufacturers in this State,' Rhode Island
and ; Connecticut, . employing • about : 60,000
operatives, announce ; that % they: will 7 fol
low ; the action of the American Woolen
Company, ,whioh recently; decided . to ad
vance the wages of the 30,000 hands in its
jallla 10 per cent ion; January*!.
TWO STATES
FROM FOUR
TERRITORIES
Advocates of Joint
Admission Are
Victorious.
Caucus of House Repub
licans Takes Final
Action.
Measure Adding Two Stars
to Flag Will Be Passed at
This Session.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.— The Repub
lican members of the House, in caucus
to-day, unanimously declared In fa\%r of
admitting: Oklahoma and the Indian Ter
ritory as one State, and by a vote of 110
to 65 declared in favor of admitting Ari
zona and New Mexico as one State. Both
statehood questions' are to be contained
In one bill.
The conference which resulted In this
action took place Immediately at the con
clusion of the House session and occupied
an hour and a half. The opposition to
the programme was directed against the
Joining of Arizona and New Mexico, and
It Is understood that Adams of Wisconsin
and Tawney of Minnesota were the only
speakers on this side.
The programme of the leaders was pre
sented at the outset by Hamilton, chair
man of the Committee on 1 Territories, in
a resolution which he offered. It declared'
it to be the sense of the conference that
one State be made- of Oklahoma and the
.lndJan: r TerritQry-and^dh«*State- of 'Ari
zona and-New Mexico," and that the Com
mittee on Territories be "" ; requested to
formulate this plan in one bill."
The Hamilton bill, already introduced,
contains the necessary provisions to meet
this Dlan and undoubtedly will be the
measure reported by the committee.
Hearings on this bill. the question of
embodying a constitutional amendment
prohibiting the sale of liquor In the two
Territories, were begun to-day. Aside
from. this question the bill is practically
in shape to be reported. The liquor hear
ings will not be hurried, and the plan
now Eeems to be to delay reporting the
bill until after the holiday recess. When
It is reported a rule will be brought in
for Its immediate consideration • by tfie
House.
The conference had not proceeded long
when the debate was limited to flve-min
ute speeches, and this action caused com
plaint by those opposing the admission of
New Mexico, and Arizona.
Speaker Cannon took the floor and
spoke vigorously for .the two-State plan.
After' Adams and Tawney had opposed it,
Grosvenor of Ohio took the opportunity
to read a number of newspaper clippings
giving an account of what he termed a
"junket" which a number of members of
the House had taken through the Terri
tories' last summer, at which time they
had publicly stated they would oppose the
admission jointly of Arizona and New
Mexico.
TUBE INSERTED
IN HIS THROAT
Archduke Otto of Austria
Undergoes Dangerous Op
eration and May Not Live*
VIENNA, Dec 14.— Archduke Otto has
been very ill for the last few months
and his condition became so aggravated
that the operation of tracheotomy; was
performed on Monday and the Arch
duke now breathes through a silver tube
inserted in the windpipe. The operation
was performed only when dangerous at
tacks of suffocation made it imperative.
He is still in a serious condition.
The Archduke spent the summer at his
chateau near here and was brought to
Vienna last week. He practically retired
from public and social life two years
ago.
Archduke Otto's brother*, Frank Ferdi
nand, is the heir presumptive, to the
throne. The next In line was Archduke
Otto, but It was decided several _ years
ago that he .would not ascend the throne
and he delegated his right, of succession
to his oldest son, Archduke Karl.
Hearst Continues Legal Fight.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— William R.
Hearst's legal campaign to recount the
ballots in New York City's mayoralty
election was extended; to-day to include
the acts of ,; many election inspectors.
An order to ; show cause .why these in
spectors should^ . not appear i before " the
Board |of | Election Can vassers and cor
rect errors was signed Supreme
Court Justice Stover.v The order is re
turnable ', next Monday. , •. ;
SANTA BARBARA,: Dec 14. — W. R.
Hearst arrived; here to-day from Los
Angeles,\ and has taken a j house here
for the winter. Mrs.; Hearst and her
sister. Mrs. Tory.v are with him. . •
CroTre to ; Remain In Nebraska.
LINCOLN, i Neb., Dec . 14.— Governor
Mickey announced to-night I ? that "he
could not honor the. requisltl6n;of I the
Governor :of . lowa for the ; removal '\u25a0 of
Pat > Crowe to that ; State. I
Mickey, gives as a reason ,the : fact ; that
there is still a criminal charge hanging
over ' Crowe ;in Douglas \u25a0 County,' Neb.,
and until that bo disposed of h« cannot
b« remoTed. ;.: : ii%^*^,
CLARK PAYS
$1,750,000
FOR A MINE
Montananßuysthe
Union in El
Dorado.
First Payment Is Made
on Property and Deeds
Are Recorded.
Famous Gold Producer Is Now
Owned by Millionaire
Senator.
Ececlal Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 14.— Through Los
Angeles men who have mining interests
in El Dorado County the news has been
received here that Senator W. A. Clark
of Montana has- purchased the famous
jUnlon mine on the "mother lode" in that
great mining center. The first papers
have been exchanged,- the first money
paid and If reports be true the transfer
has been regularly recorded at Placer
vllle. The purchase price was $1,730,000,
but' the manner in which payments are
to be made, and when, has not been made
public.
The authority ' for the information is
Phil Larkin, owner of the famous Larkln
mine, a short distance from the Union.
The Union Is one of tue best-known
mining properties in the West. It- was
formerly, owned by Alvinza Hayward and
Charles D. Lane of . San Francisco, who
worked it *to the ' 1400^foot level," ' taking
out immense quantities of bullion. Tha
story of how the vein was lost, how Hay ;
ward, who was a spiritualist, took the
advice of a medium and sold his interest
for a mere trifle, and how the new owners
went deeper and struck richer ore than
the original owners had even dreamed of.
Is part of the mining history of the
State. .
The fifty-stamp mill at the Union was
destroyed by fire on November 4, and has
not been rebuilt and since the fire the
mine has not been worked to its full ca
pacity. Eight months ago the Standard
Oil people offered $1,250,000 for the Union
property, but the offer was declined.
The first intimation that the Montana
Senator was looking at the property came
during his last visit to this State, when
the announcement was made that some
of his experts were examining gold prop
erties in the northern part of the State,
but no particular att© ntion was paid to
the matter. *'
Now comes the statement from an au
thority which here is considered the best
that Senator Clark first offered $1,500,000
and the owners wanted $2,000,000, and that
the final price was a compromise.
BOY OF THIRTEEN
LEADS A REVOLT
Incorrigible Youth Takes
Initiative in Break for Lib
erty of Reno Chain Gang
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO. Dec. 14.— A« desperate break was
made to-day from the city chain gang, in
which five of the criminal element of the
city succeeded in making their escape.
The break was led by Albert Nadon, a
13-year-old French lad. who was given
a five days' sentence Monday 'for fight
ing, an account of which was published
in Tha Call.
.The break occurred at about noon. The
men were engaged in digging a sewer for
the city, and while the guard's back was
turned young Nadon dropped his shovel
and started to run. The guard started in
pursuit. . . Thi3_was a signal for a general
departure on the part of the others, and
they fled in all directions. Many shots
were, fired by the guard and police, but
\u25a0without effect.
Young Nadon was captured Jat© this
afternoon by some university students,
and Is now in the city Jail. Five of the
escapes have not been. found, and It Is
thought they have succeeded In getting
out of the State.
WHITES' DANCE
SUITS REDSKINS
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
. RENO. Dec 14.— Grant Patterson, an
educated Shoshone, recently built a dance
hall in the Indian village near Elko, and
last night "he opened it. The hall was
crowded w-ith, Shoshones, . encased in
heavy blankets, silent and. wondering, j A
white fiddler struck up a ; rousing . quad
rille, Patterson gripped a lusty , young l
squaw and there and then taught ; his red
brothers how ; to dance i the ; dance of the
whites. V At first ; they, did not take ' kindly
to i the \u25a0 Innovation, especially \ the old \ men
and wbmen^ but finally ; the • young . bucks
and squaws caught the spirit of the occa
sion and not until the ' s sun peeped ; over
the hilla did i th» f estivi ties * come to an
THE THEATERS.
AIjCAZAR— "The Secret of PollcM
nrtl»."
ALHAMBRA — "ResturfrrtJon.**
CALIFORNIA — "Merry Borlesciuerm.**
Matinee.
CHUTES— Vaa««r!U». M&tlae*.
COIATMBIA— "Th« Colles» Widow."
GRAND— "The Flrea of St. John."
MAJESTIO- •*C3irlstoph«r Jr."
ORPHEUM— V«td«vUI«.
TIVOXJ — Comlo Opera.
MAY TESTIFY
AT THE TRIAL
The former wife of Charles W.Morse, whose marriage to
Morse was annulled through the efforts of Charles Dodge, the
husband whom she had divorced, has returned from Europe:
She will probably be called as a witness against Attorney
A. H. Hummel, who is being tried on an indictment growing
out of the annulment proceedings.
Former Wife of Banker Morse Likely to
Appear Against Attorney Hummel.
I FORMER WIFE OF XIJW TOSK BANKER, WHO HAS RETTTRNED FROM EC- I
ROPE XSJ> "WHO MAT BB CALLED BT DISTRICT ATTORXET JEROMS I
AS A WITNESS AGAINST ATTORNEY HUMMEL, 1
WOMEN WOULD
LYNCH RENO'S
DOG CATCHER
Irate Females, Armed
With Rope, Chase
Poundman.
- Bpeclal Dispatch to Tb* C*IL
RENO, Dec 14.— A band of Irate women,
armed with a rope, pursued D. W. Scales,
Reno's official dog catcher, j through the
streets to-day with the avowed Intention
of stringing him up to the nearest pole If
they caught him. The dog* catcher fled
precipitately and finally succeeded In
making his escape by placing the Truckee
River between himself and his feminine
pursuers.
, The women . represented the select - so
ciety ot Reno, and were engaged in play
ing five hundred at a private social event
when- Scales entered the yard and pro
ceeded to walk away to the city pound
with a canine belonging to one of the
women. The chase Immediately started
and Scales was pelted with rocks and
clubs : ; and : was roundly abused by the
women In \u25a0 the feminine vocabulary.
Scales released the dog, but this did not
allay the , anger of . his fair pursuers and
he was forced -to cross the river.
ABJIYAKD NAVY. ORDERS.
WASHINGTON, Dec 14.— Army or
der: : First; Lieutenant Lawrence D.
Cabell, . Fourteenth , Infantry, will pro
ceed to San Francisco and report to the
department. quartermaster for. duty as
his assistant. V
; Navy order: Commander G. H.
Seafford, retired, 5 goes ' to California
City, for duty as inspeoior In ehar*e of
the naval co«l j dtpet^SgnnH
PRICE FIVE -CENTS.
Sp«cUi Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK, Dec 14.— After aa ab
sence of nearly two years, the woman
who itm the wife ot Charles W. Morse,
a wealthy banker, until the nssbaad
whom she had divorced. 6harle» Dodge.
had their separation act aside and la
this way led to his own Indictment and
that of A. H. Hummell and other law
yers. Is back In this country. She re
turned from, Europe several weeks ago.
It Is s&id she will b» called as a wit
ness against Hummell, should th!» be
deemed necessary by District Attorney
Jerome, and should this necessity arias
Morse will also be called to the stand.
Mrs. Morse went to Europe In March
or last year, soon after it was learned
that her marriage to Morse had beea
annulled, following the setting aside of
her divorce from Dodge.
SECURES KELEASE
OF YOUNG DESEKTER
Es«eitl Dlssatch ta Tt; Call.
WASHINGTON. Deo. 14.—Representa
tive McKlnlay of California has secured
the pardon . of Raymond A. Bond, lately
of the Sixty-fourth Company Coast Ar
tillery, who was sentenced last May to
eighteen months' Imprisonment at Fort
Huaohuca, Ariz., for desertion. Toons
Bond Is a son of Arthur J. Bond of San
Jose. McKlnlay presented the case
\u25a0o strongly to the War Department that
by direction <Jf the President Secretary
lift was directed to order tho prisoner^
release and his pardon haa - been for
warded.
Camp No. 5, Spanish War "Veterans, has
been greatly Interested In securing tho
admission of Fred Gunter, formerly of
the regular army and volunteer service,
to the United States army general hos
pital at Fort Bayard, N. M.. and Rep
resentative McKinlay to-day succeeded
In bringing tt about. The camp requested
McKinlay' s aid in the matter and he>
'was "supported by Governor Pardee and
Adjutant General '• Lauck In the appeal
for the Congressman's assistance in aid
of the young soldt^-. McKinlay brought
the question up. before the War Depart
ment with tb« result that the papers
necessary for-Gunter's admission to th*
hospital have been Issued,
Gunter*s iltn«ss :Is " the result of . hi 3
service In Company O," Sixth California
"Volunteers.'; In the Philippines and at the
siege of Peking and later In the regular
army at Tarlous posts In tat United2
\u25a0 * • # -': \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 * . :\u25a0 : \u25a01 I
MOW DO WE DO IT?!!!:
fjl ASK THE- RENT MAN IP\
(Ah No, we are not in business for our health, Bf^li
mh& » but we can afford to give you a ring at cost Ws%
IS I if we can but have the opportunity to ex- ll of
wlk How to bu y y° ur suits ' furs ' JSffl
W@|^ shoes, hats and aN other neces- jßfffl \
\flSlgw sities from any cash store. J^^w
WITHOUT READY^^^F
EIGHT ELEVATORS AT YOUR SERVICE
NO OBLIGATION TO BUY ANYTHING ELSE
OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS
UNTIL OHIRISTIMA.S
***'iaKl^isS>To?.. POWtLL C MARK E T STS
SEXATOBS DEBATE
THE. CANAL BILL
Teller Favors Sea-Level Wa
i terway and Scott the
San Bias Route.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.— The Senate
spent four hours to-day in discussing the
Pa:mma canal emergency appropriation
bill and when it adjourned the bill was
Ftill ur.der consideration. There were set
speeches hy Teller, Scott and Morgan
and they were followed by a general de
bate, in which - all phases of the con
troversy were, exploited, including the
<!ii«stioa of salaries, the control of the
Panama Railroad and the necessity for
pcr.eral legislation on the canal subject.
Allison, .chairman of the Committee on
.Appropriations, expressed the . opinion
that Congress should take up the ques
tion of salaries in "connection with other
canal legislation and that the status of
the Panama Railroad should be made the
subject of legislation. - \u25a0
Teller, Scott and Morgan expressed dis
c^tisfaction with the conditions in Pana
ma, but all indicated a determination to
support the supply measures necessary to
secure the construction of the canal as
at present undertaken. Teller advocated
a *ea level canal; Scott spoke in support
Vf the San Bias route as preferable to all
others, and Morgan expressed the opin
ion that, before the Panama canal were
completed, another canal, would be neces
sary to do the business required.
A separate bill regulating the issuance
cf bonds for the canal and placing them
on the same basis as other bonds of the
Government was passed without debate.
IJny a Candy Order.
A Candy Order will solve the prob
lem. Hhe can have it cashed in just the
kind of candy she likes and when she
vants it. Haas' Candy Stores. Phelan
Building and James Flood Building. •
PHARMACISTS IX3 MEET.— The Alumni
Association of the Department of Pharmacy,
University or California, wlir hold its eewi
nnnual meetinx at the c«lle?« building. Par
tiBt>»us avenue, this eveniriK. Tbe gathering
\u25a0will be of a eoclal and scientific nature. The
vndrreraduates vnl\ be euests of ihe alumni.
6*v«-r*i papers will be read and discussed.
&i%h~(ST&&c (ClDthtcrs
No Brasch Etores and No Aeents.
THERE IS NOTHING
AS GOOD."
IT'S EITHER GOT TO BE
BETTER OR WORSE.
THIS APPLIES TO CLOTHES.
THERE'S NONE BETTER
THAN WHAT WE OFFER,
BUT THERE ARE LOTS' WORSE.
We tuke pride in the
production of cur Smart
Clothes and also take rains
Our • increasins business Is
r.ot - attributed to the
Happf-n-to-hit-U idea; not
by a lone shot.
ttttuvlow MlocK
MILLS COLLEGE
GETS BIG GIFT
Handsome Present of Forty
Thousand Dollars Goes
Toward Endowment Fund
At the seventh annual meeting of the
San Francisco Association of Congrega
tional Churches and Ministers held yes
terday at Bethlehem Church,. Vermont
street, near Twenty-fourth, it transpired
that the munificent sum of 140,000 had
been given, to Mills College by a mem
ber of the Rev. Dr. George C. Adams'
congregation.
The secret was let out in the course of
the reports on churches when it was
stated that the contributions at the First
Congregational Church for the year
amounted to $40,C00 and out of that hand
some sum $20,000 was fpr benevolent pur
poses. Besides that it was stated that
a member of the trustees of the church
had contributed $40,000 for educational
purposes, but the generous donor's name
was "withheld.
Later to a. Call representative Dr.
Adams said that he was not In a posi
tion to name the donor a.nd stated that
the first he knew of it was through the
Rev. Dr. Charles R. Brown, who made
the statement at the Congregational
ministers' meeting lately that such a
gift had been made by a member of Dr.
Adams' church.
It seemed" certain In the minds' of sev
eral present that the gift »-<vas made by
Edward Coleman, a conclusion in which
Dr. Adams joined. There is a step on
foot to procure $100,000 a year for ten
years with which to endow Mills College
and the sum just presented makes up
that amount for this year. •
There was a deal of business trans
acted and the reports showed that In
every Congregational church there had
been a remarkable growth and increase,
not only In membership, but also In the
Sunday schools.
The Rev. I. C. Meserve, D. D.. pastor
of Plymouth Church, was elected mod
erator and declared that never before
during the service •in the city had
stronger reports been made as to the
growth of his denomination.
The election on membership committee
resulted in the unanimous return of the
Rev. Benjamin Sargent, the Rev. . Joseph
Rowell, the Rev. T. R. Earle, the
Rev. Sidney R. Yarrow and Deacon B.
S. Hays. Dr. I. C. Meserve and the
Rev. E. I* Walz were elected to the
homo missionary committee, and' to the
committee on church polity Dr. Adams,
Rev. \V. 11. Atkinson, Rev. S. C. Pat
terson, Rev. Benjamin Sargent and Dea
con Hays were elected. Marshall Wil
liam Meserve was licensed -to preach
for three years and Hubert E. Parker
and Charles N. de Boise were admitted
to membership. Dr. Adams delivered an
address In the evening on "George Mc-
Donald." The Rev. T. R. Earle was
scribe.
PARLIAMENT LIKELY TO BB
DISSOLVED OX JAXUARY 8
Pint Meeting of Caiiipbell-IJannertnan
Cabinet Discnases Coming *
Elections.
LONDON, Dec. 14.— The Campbell-
Bannerm'an Cabinet held its first meet
ing at Downing street at noon to-day, to
discuss the immediate programme for
the Government, and particularly to fix
a date in January for the dissolution of
Parliament, preparatory to a general
election. There is reason to believe
that January 8 was the date selected.:
Thomas Ryburn Buchanan, Liberal
member of Parliament for East Perth
shire, Scotland, to-day was appointed
financial secretary of the War Office.
DUBLIN, Dec. 14.— After an interval
of twenty years, the Earl of Aberdeen
was to-day sworn in as Lord Lieuten
ant of 'Ireland for th» second time.
James Bryca was also sworn in as
Chief Secretary for Ireland.
SKULL IS FRACTURED.— Evan Otterback.
a house-mover residing at 2726 Folaom street,
fell from a beam true*, a distance cf twenty
five feet, to the ground, . inflicting a deep lacer
ated wound over the right eye and a probable
fracture of the skull. Ha wu treated at the
Central Emergency Hospital by JDr. Frank J.
iQUstA& - - *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER, 15, 1905.
DISMISSAL
OF CADETS
TO FOLLOW
Midshipmen Who Took Part
in Recent Hazing Are to Be
Promptly Expelled From
Annapolis Naval Academy
NO MEKCY WHjL BE ; w
. SHOWN OFFENDERS
Official- Announcement 3lade
"That "Kunning" ; and All
Such Practices at Goyem
inent School Must Cease
v WASHINGTON.. .Dec. H.T-Hazing of
every kind,- it was announced ' to-day,
would be stamped out pi the Naval Acad
emy, regardless pf the number of.dismiss
als from the brigade of midshipmen nec
essary to bring about this result. Two
midshipmen will be^ dismissed from the
academy within a few days by the Sec
retary of the Navy, one for hazing and
the other for countenancing It by failure
while on duty to report its occurrence.
Other "dismissals will follow as often as
midshipmen are found? guilty of hazing
or countenancing it.
Aroused .by the condition of \ affairs
which reports show to exist at the acad
emy so far as the treatment of fourth
class men is concerned, Secretary Bona
parte late this afternoon to
Rear Admiral James H. Sands, superin
tendent of the academy, a request to
coma to Washington .as soon as possible
for a conference. This conference will be
held to-morrow. It will be the initial step
in a new and vigorous campaign to be
waged at Annapolis against hazing.
Congressional investigations of the con
ditions at the academy have already been
proposed in a resolution introduced in
the House by Representative Loud of
Michigan.
DISMISSAL OF OFFENDERS.
Secretary Bonaparte to-day received an
official report from Admiral Sands ' an
nouncing the suspension of Midshipman
Trenmore Coffin Jr., third class man, for
hazing Midshipman Jerdone Pettus Xim A
brough, fourth clasa man, by forcing
him to stand on. his head until he be
came unconscious, and of Midshipman
Warren A. Vandervere, second classman,
because while on duty he observed the oc
currence and failed to report. The su
perintendent called attention to the fact
that Midshipmen Coffin and Vandervere
were guilty of violating a well-known
regulation of the academy, and recom
menced .their .summary dismissal in ac
cordance with an "act "of-Congress ap
proved March'3. l9o3.'—*"' "-
Secretary Bonaparte wishes to obtain
from the Attorney General an opinion
regarding certain' phases • of the ,case
whicri, while exceedingly Important, will
not aifect, it Is understood, his final ac
tion approving the ; recommendation for
summary expulsion.
It wa9 learned from official sources to
day that the hazing of Kimbrough was
even more brutal than was first sup
posed, more dangerous in its results and
more blameworthy In its origin. He was
undoubtedly hazed because he testified,
under compulsion, before the investigation
board and implicated some of the upper
class men. For this he was threatened by
upper class men. who said that they
would kill him, and he la still under that
threat, it is said, repeated since the, oc
currence.
KIMBROUGH IS IMPROVING.
No secret was made at the Navy De
partment of the determination of the offi
cials to make short shrift of . hazing,
"running" and* alt" such practices at the
academy. If necessary, It is understood,
the President will be appealed to to veto
any bill that may be passed by Con
gress providing for the reinstatement of
a midshipman expelled for • hazing or
countenancing it.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., Dec. 14.—Midship
man Kimbrough was to-night reported
as' rapidly gaining strength and is in no
danger.
The condition of Midshipman Henry G.
Cooper Jr. is also improving. •
Admiral Sdnds will go fo Washington
to-morrow, to support his recommenda
tion of dismissal in the cases of Midship
man Trenmore Coffin Jr. and Midship
man Warren A. Vandevere. Dr. George
\V. Vandevere of Mount Holly, N. J.,
father of Midshipman Vandevere, does
ndt" regard the dismissal of his son as
just &r,h will tight it before the Secre
tary of the Navy and in case of failure
there probably before Congress. Naval
Academy authorities state that there
was no doubt of Vandevere's failure to
do. his duty and that if Kimbrough had
not received proper attention he would
probably have died.
The Investigating .board will continue
its work/ its powers having been en
larged.
MOUNT HOLLY. N. J., Dec. H.-Mid-
Ehipman Warren A. Vandevere, in, a let
ter to his parents received here to-day,
states that he was not on duty Tues
day night, at the time the hazing oc
curred at the Annapolis Naval. Academy,
for which his dismissal has been recom
mended by Admiral Sands.
Deaths Exceed the Birth*.
IX>S ANGELES. Dec. 14.— The annual
report of the City Health Department
show that during the last year there
were 3104 deaths in Los Angeles and
2335 births. , There -were 787 deaths in the
hospitals of the city. Seventy-four of
the deaths -were suicides. The: city death
rate Is shown to be greatly augmented
by persona coming her© from other sec
tions of : the country: in the '< last, stages
of fatal diseases, seeking climatic ; bene
fits. ,:-.\u25a0\u25a0 :'- . . > ;-..'.\u25a0; -..'.\u25a0
Sore Throat
\u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0 '* .'...\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0* ''\u25a0 '''\u25a0-'
A Ha.rmles3 Antiseptic,
Endorsed by the medical profession.
Ono 25c. Bottle. Freo
to any one .sending loc.- to pay
postage. Sold by Leading Drug-
gists. Not * genuine unless label •
bears my signature :
Good until 'if? H '"'if If i^f
Dec. is.'oa. Cfr2DtO4«^aytCWU**l
(July one \^ \u25a0 n »
sample to r .• , * ! '\u25a0\u25a0 • -
a (amity. 6j6 j o Prlnco St., N. V,
Write (or fr«w booklet on Raticaial Treat-
meet of Disease.- *. **.
OIL TRUST
GETS HOLD
IN PANAMA
Standard Company Quietly
Obtains Franchises for
Two Pipe Lines to Be
Built Across the Isthmus
UNITED STATES MAY
I MW IFIRM PROTEST
President Aniador of the Re
public Created by Revolu
tion is in League With
the Rockefeller Interests
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
PANAMA, Dec. . 14.— The Standard Oil
Company "is. conquering new fields on the
isthmus and as a result the friction be
tween President Amador and Governor
General Magoon Is increasing.
The Standard, lollowing its policy of
securing all concessions that seem prom
ising, sent agents nere some time ago to
look over the -field: The .agents discov
ered that the Penama Railroad. Company,
operating under Its agreement with the
United . States Government, enjoyed a
monopoly of all carrying; along the'itsh
mus. . .
As* Governor' General " Magoon seemed
an uncompromising subject, the agents
for* the oil company proceeded to get into
touch with the President of Panama, and
it was announced to-day that the Stand
ard had succeeded in securing franchises
for the construction of dual pipe lines
across the isthmus, the first from Colon
to Panama and the second to connect
Bocos del Torro, on the Bay of Chiriqui,
with David, on the Pacific.
As evidence of the workings of the
Standard's agents, the concession was not
obtained directly in the name of the New
Jersey corporation, but in the name of
one fit its subsidiary companies, the
Union Oil Company of California. It was
obtained through the efforts ; of Senor
Jose Arango, chairman of the
Separatist Triumvirate, who arranged the
famous Panama revolution.
It is believed there will be a lively fight
between the Standard interests and Presi
dent Amador on one side and Chairman
Magoon and the American administration
on the other. /
Chairman Magoon disputes the right of
President Amador or any other official
of Panama granting any franchise to af
fect the canal strip, which was ceded to
the United States by treaty, and he is
likely to take energetic steps.
CATHOLIC PONTIFF
MAKE^AP^PINTMENTS
Red Hat!^r£Also Bestowed
on Two of the New i
Cardinals. ?
ROME, Deo. 'l4. — The Pope has. ap
pointed Mgr. Bisleti, master of the pon
tifical chambers, *to be' majordorao of
the Vatican in succession to Mgr. Ca
gaino de Azevedo; Mgn Bisleti retains
the position of master of the chambers.
Mgr. MiECiateli* has' been made sub-pre
fect of the, sacred -palaces.
The Pop« to-day Held- a public consis
tory in the; -Royal' Hall -of the Vatican
and at whieh-Tie bestowed the red hats
and cardinals' rings upon two of the
new cardinals, Monsigneur Cagaino- de
Azevedo and Monsigneur J. A. de Arco
verdo de' Albuquerque Cavalcanti, Arch
bishop of Rio de Janeiro. The other two
new cardinals, Monsigneur Joseph Ba
massa, Archbishop of Erlau, Hungary,
and Monjstgneuif Spinola, ; Archbishop of
Seville, not being *Jn- Rome, special papal
ablegates wilt ', be sent to /take the red
barrettas to them. -, .
In the Ducal Hall through which the
Pontiff passed were grouped" thousands
of persons.'^ including many foreigners,
especially Americans. The Pontiff smiled
benevolently and imparted his blessing
as he entered.
Young: Feopfe's Atfcclllary Sale.
This afternoon, from 2 to 6, the
young people's auxiliary to the board
of managers of the Protestant Episco
pal Old Ladles' Home will hold a
Ifhristmaß sale and a reception at the
home on Golden Gate avenue, near Cen
tral. Refreshments will be served, and
music will; be rendered during the re
ception hours. .
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES.
A CLEAN MAN. .
Outride cleanliness is less than half
tlie battle. A man may scrub himfcelf a
.dozen times a day, and «»
still be unclean. Good fffißt
health means cleanliness PCs?
not only outside, but in-
side. It means a clean J® «K§ff||k
stomach, clean bowels,
clean blood, a clean isF^*';L«li3
liver, and new, clean,
healthy tissues and n
bers- in every organ of .•> PM WffiSk-
the body. The man oiCi'i'?^L
who is clean in this Hs2*rji|ip\
way will look it and act Ip jfsf *
it. ' He will work with »" '
energy and think clean, clear, healthy
thoughts.
He will never bo troubled with liver,
lung, stomach'or blood disorders. Dys-
pepsia and indigestion originate in
unclean stomachs. . -Blood diseases are
found where there •is unclean blood.
f Consumption and bronchitis
mean unclean lungs. Dr.
Pierces Golden .-- v Medical.
Discovery prevents these'
diseases. It makes a man^s
iusides dean and healthy.
It j cleans the digestive or>
gans, makes pure, clean
blood, and . clean, healthy
flesh. -:' lt doesnt make the
flabby fat of corpulency,
but the firm flesh of health.
It restores tone tothe nervous system,
and cures nervous exhaustion ana
prostration. It ; contains no; alcohol,
to inebriate or create craving for injuri-
ous stimulants.
\u25a0 Mr, John \* Cougtfienour, of Glen Savage,
•ojperwt Co., Pr., unites i "My appetite tow
unusually poor, end I was as weak and nerv-
??" £" ttottffb I had been starved for months.
. My heart kept throbbing- continually and I was
•nort of breath. :\u25a0:. Finally I wrote to you for ad-
Tice and you informed me that I had indigestion
and a torpid liver. I did not think your dlag;-
nosia was right, but I ordered six Wtlcs of.
Golden Medical Discovery* from you and. began
Its uao. ; After using three bottles I began to im-
prove alowly and soon want to work, and I have
- been working ever since." '.;; " •
" Constipation •is the : most : unclean un-
: cleanliness. Dr.v Pierces Pleasant Pel-
kto cure it; Uiej never geipew - v v
PLIES LASH
ON ADMIRER
OF DAUGHTER
Mrs. Sophie Schmidt of
Berkeley Severely Thrashes
William Kriske Before a
Crow<J. at Local Ferry Depot
SHOWS NO MERCY TO
SURPRISED VICTIM
Girl Makes Appointment and
Parent, Armed With Strap,
Goes to Meet Man She
Says Planned Abduction
If a sick friend asked you to deliver a
love letter to his sweetheart, whom he
had arranged for you to meet at a cer
tain place and particular hour, and if you
undertook the mission and met, besides
the fair young lady, her mother, armed
with a heavy steel-buckled strap,
wouldn't you wonder? And If. after the
mother had flogged you in the presence of
a large and unsympathetic multitude, two
big policemen had taken you to Jail and
charged you with disturbing the peace,
wouldn't you naturally feel that It Isn't
always safe to do the mercy act for a
disabled lover?
If you lack the imagination to place
yourself in the victim's place, just ask
William Kriske, who will be found this
morning in one of the city Police Courts,
making explanations to some Judge.
- There are some conflicting statements
concerning the case, but one fact is cer
tain—that when Kriske appeared at the
Berkeley ferry yesterday afternoon about
3 o'clock to meet pretty Mies Sophie
Schmidt of Berkeley, Mrs. Sophia
Schmidt of Berkeley was also there with
a strap bearing a buckle at the end. and
she beat Kriske unmercifully before a
large and appreciative crowd that had no
occasion to cry "fake."
Kriske claims that he was only the
bearer of a note from a friend, Eddie Ha
denfeldt, who lay sick In a Berkeley hos
pital, to Miss Sophie, but > Mrs. Schmidt
says she believes Hadenfeldt was used as
a decoy. *
At any rate the mother learned from
her daughter that Kriske was to meet
the latter and she went along too.
Arrived at the ferry depot, here Mrs.
Schmidt told her troubles to Policeman
Hlghtower.
USES LASH VIGOROUSLY.
"Get a warrant for his \ arrest," ad
vised the patrolman.
"Not much," replied the Irate mother.
"I'll take the law In my own hands first,
with this to help me."
Here she produced the strap, to the
end of which plung the heavy steel
buckle. -
Just then Kriske sauntered along.
Crowds of suburbanites on their way
home from a campaign of Christmas
shopping . thronged the space in front of
the ferry depot, but Mrs. Schmidt and
her strap soon cleared a space within
which she administered to Kriske a
thrashing from which he tried In vain to
escape." Hemmed In by the crowd, he
could get no father away from Mrs.
Schmidt than the buckle-armored strap
would reach and Mrs. Schmidt's aim was
accurate.
Her aim was better than her wind, and
at the end of the first exciting 1 round the
woman was exhausted. Kriske wormed
his way through the crowd and landed
in the arms of Policemen Thomson and
Hlghtower, who took him to the Harbor
police station, charged him with dis
turbing the peace, and locked him up.
At 4 o'clock he was herded Into the
patrol wagon and, in company with the
day's accumulation of water-front drunks,
taken to the City Prison, where ho was
provided with quarters for the night.
There he made a etatment to the effect
that he was simply acting for Miss
Schmidt and Hadenfeldt. Kriske states
that he carried letters between the two
and claims that, although he knew what
the letters contained, the attack of the
girl's mother was unwarranted;
ENDBAUING MISSIVES.
In Krlske's possession was found a bun
dle of letters Miss Schmidt had written
to her invalid sweetheart. . Ail are
couched in endearing terms and one of
the envelopes contained her photograph.
Kriske explains his possession of the mis
sives. by saying that Hadenfeldt did not
degiro to keep them in the hosnital and
entrusted them to his care.
Mrs. Schmidt lies prostrated at her
home, 1625 Derby street, Berkeley, as the
result of her exciting experience in San
Francisco. She is a quiet, modest little
woman of sturdy German stock and
dreads the publicity that haa come
through the whipping she administered
to Kriske. She told her reasons as fol
lows: .
I gave Mr. Krlske a sound beatlnr. N I Blmply
had to dot H. lie was- trying to abduct my
daughter and there was no ot;«i ta. protect her
but myself. My hu9band Is unable to leave
the house. He la crippled with rheumatism
and I alone was left to deal with this man. It
was a hard task and I did not think I would
be able to carry out my purpose, but the
thought of this villain trylnsr to steal my little
girl from me gave me atrenxth. • I wanted to
Kill the wretch. I beat htm with all my
strength, and when he begged ma for mercy
1 did not stop but kept striking him until the
police came and carried him off' to jail.
MOTHER ARRAIGNS KRISKE.
Sophie is only 13 years old. She will be 14
nex.t month, but she looks to be at least 13.'
She is large for her age and very pretty. Mr.
Kriske has been paying *«e n H Q ?, to k^ ?X
some time, -"He \u25a0« a worthless fellow but hla
mother. Mrs. Weishand, Is quite wealthy and
haa a large ranch In Petaluma. I warned him
to keep away from; rny house. He did not dare
to come here to ccc Sophie, "but be kept writ
ing her Utters, begging. her to run away with
Mna. He said he would give her fine Presents,
beautiful clothes and Jewelry, and Introduce
her to lots of nice people and girl* of her own
a*e He used every fiendish means he could
think of to lure her away from home..
Then he would wait for her at the corner,
and whenever she would go up to Ashby station
on errands for me KrUke would be there and
he would talk to her and tell her «f the fine
things he would give her If the would only do
as he wished. One day he introduced her to a
young man named Ed iHadenfeld. Hadenfeld
told the poor girl the same taleaot wealth and
pleasure that KrUke had pouredlnto her ear*
Their talk frightened Boohia, who la a very.
voumr Blrl. She did not know what it all
t meant Then she told me of her conversations
with the men. Wh€n I. «aw .the _ letters my
blood boiled.- *\u25a0 . ? "'- \u25a0
In the last letter v _Kri»ke. asked Sophie to
meet him in the ferry; building In San Fran
cisco to.-day. I told ray daughter ; that we
would, (to over together. But before we wtnt
I took my husband's heavy razor atrop with *
buckle on the end. when tee got to the ferry
building I «ent my daughter ahead. Krlake
was waiting for her. I rushed .up. and began
to beat htm. He cried "for mercy and by-
Btanders tried to Interfere. - but I * keDt b«atlng
him. He cried that he did not write O»a let
ters; that Hadenfeld had written them, but I
knew he lied. He tried to run away. Then I
cried "Stoo thief!", and the police came 'up
and- took charge of *tbe_ villain. "• '
. Mrs.' Schmidt says she" does not* know
Krlake's \u25a0- friend Hadenfeld. She thinks
that Krlake used ; him simply as a decoy.
Milan/Italy, Is to have .next year an In
ternational congress -at I which : questions
relating to "the extinguishing of fires and
to fire Insurance will be diacuaaAd.
\u25a0 V :.. '>•"\u25a0\u25a0• . \u25a0 .; \u25a0 >
Holiday elegance for man, boy and child prevails
throughout this big 'store* , '.The. most -beautiful
gifts at the lowest of prices consistent with our
qualities — save money -at Christmas time — buy
your gifts at Brown's.' \ \
\u25a0;ifjn doubt send him a Merchandise Order—then
he can select whatever he wants.
The most stylish and handsomely made Neckties in
San Francisco from sOc to $2.50.
Suspenders— .Fancy, but practical.
Hats— Nothing better than the new John B. Stetson's
winter shapes, here at $4. j
Fancy fashionable Shirts from $1 up.
.Silk and Linen Handkerchiefs, 25c up.
Socks— Some extra neat and fancy kinds, 25c, up."
Gloves— Driving, walking, and for dress. j
Umbrellas— From $5 down. ; .
Suits and Overcoats from $14 to $35. i
Tuxedoes and Full Dress Suits, $35 to $40.
- . ij .
Every boy who visits Brown. Bros. & Co. will get
a present— our Christmas tree is covered h with
them — so come, boys, with your parents or guardian
— the present is waiting for you/
Boys' Hats and Caps from 50c up.
Suits and Overcoats from $2.50 to $25.
Silk and Velvet Corduroy Suits from $7.50 to $15.
1 1 Boys' Neckties* Shirts, Collars, Suspenders, Hand- r
kerchiefs and Socks. Everything priced to please *(the.
most economical.
STORY OF THE KIDSTAPIXG
OF DESERTER CONFIRMED
Commander .of the German Cruiser
Panther I« Recognized Among* •
* . the Shore Party.
•R^O DE JANEIRO, Dec. 14. — The
Journal de Comerclo to-day says the
official inquiry Into the incident Involv
ing the (Serman cruiser Panther con
firms the original story. Among: the
witnesses la a German, naturalized a
Brazilian, who said that he recognized
tho commander of the Panther among
the party which seized the alleged Ger
man deserter, Stelnhoff, while ashore
at Itajahy.
Seniln Nominations to the Senate.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14. — The Presi
dent to-day sent the following nomina-
Useful and Tasteful
Christmas Gifts
Our Special Holiday Displays suggest. remem-
brances which are useful and tasteful; 'our
qualities are the best gjbtaihable; our styles are
exclusive and our prices are very reasonable. »
. . -* ...... >
Rocking Chairs ..$5 to $75 Piano Benches . $10 to $50
Easy Chairs. . $20 to $150 Footstools . . $1.50 to $20
Toilet Tables . $14 to $100 Mission Lamps . $25 to $40
Hall Clocks . . $20 to $800 Book Racks \u25a0 • $2.50 to $25
Tea Tables $6 to $50 Muffin Stands . .$lO to $25
Music Cabinets . $10 to $150 Bookcases . - . $8 to $350
' Auto -Valets . . $60 to $250 .Costumers . . $125 to $40
Cellarettes . . - $16 to $75 China Cabinets. .$25 to $150
ShavingStandssl2.sotosso Work Tables - . $10 to $40
Buffets • • • . $15 to $150 Ladies' Desks . .$8 to $150
Tabourets .. . $1.50 to $15 Curio Cabinets . $40 to $145
Dining Tables . $18 to $250 Cheval Mirrors . $40 to $100
Magazine Stands. $6 to $15 Morris Chairs . $14 to $50
The Drapery Floor Offers
Silk Comforters $8 to $26
Sofa Pillows 50ct055.00
Panel Screens .* • m i". .. . . -.v^v*: . ; . $5.50 to $60
AN ENTIRE FLOOR QF ORIENTAL RUGS
1 14 — i22Post Street
tions-to the Senate: Chief Justice ojO
the Supreme Court of New Mexico. Wll-T
llam J. Mlll3, New 1 Mexico; Associate
Justices of the Supreme Court of New
Mexico, Frank "W. Parker, New Mexico;
John D. McFie, New Mexico.
Colds Canw Sore Throat
Laxatlvs Bromo Quinine, world wjd« Old and
Grip rem«dy. removes eaus*. Call for fall nam*
and look for signature of E. W. Grove. 23c •
Reduces Freight Rates On Grain.
TOPEKA. Kan.. Dec. 14.— The State
Board of Railroad Commissioners to-day
decided to order a reduction of 5 per cent
In the freight rates on . all classes of
grain. The order affects every railroad
In the State. This ends the Kansas grain
rate hearing, which has been before the
board for the last three days.JAPAN'S REPRESENTATIVE
AT WASHINGTON HERE.
JAPANESE MINISTER TO THE UNITED STATES, WHO A^RI^^ ED YESTERDAY
ON* THE WAY TO HIS NATIVE LAND. HE IS OSTENSIBLY ENJOYING
A VACATION AFTER FIVE YEARS OF ARDUOUS* DUTY.
READY TO CUT
THE ICE CROP
Yield This Year Will Ex
ceed Last Season's Output
by Twenty-Five Per Cent
Special DUi>atcb to The Call.
REN'O, Deo. 14.— The ioe crop this year
is expected to exceed that of 1804 by 25
per cent. Last season 100,000 tons were,
harvested, but this season, with the in
creased facilities of two of the big com
panies, at least 25,000 tons additional will
be housed or shipped. The Union Ice
Company, owned by Southern Pacific of
ficials, has put in a new dam and pond
costing $230,000. James Molver has built
an additional icehouse, and a plant cost
ing $00,000 has gone up on Coldstream.
Cutting will begin In a few days and
when it does several hundred men will
be brought from Reno, Sacramento and
other points.
VETEHAJvS HOLJ> BAXQUET.— Th« M«xl
oan W&r V«;«rar.s h«!d their aar.ua.l banquet
:&st evening at the B&7 Eta.v restaurant. Thar*
were fiftr sresest. The fe&st began at C
o'clock and !&*ted until 6:30.
Do You Suffer p
from HEADACHE •
LOSS OP SLEEP
INDIGESTION
TORPID LIVER
| BILIOUSNESS
PBLLS
will qcickly rcmore the cause of
these distressing complaints and
restore healthy actioa to every
organ. .You will feel like a new
person after taking z few doses of
Beecham's Pills. Tfcey rid the
system of impurities, improve the
digestion* fra^jt^ frf >f^sc nf #" d
Give Positive Relief
ia all cases of Biliousness, Consti-
pation, Indigestion and Disordered
Uvet.
The excellent results obtained
by (he t&t of Beechain's Pills have
proved them worthy of the confi-
! dence they enjoy. They have
helped thousands and recommend
themselves.
So.d ET^rrwtere. In boxe» lOr. and !SC.
Always Remember the Fall JNyn*
E. sxatlve t[%rqzao
CktrcSaColdinOnsDjry, Cnp in 2 Days
UA StC&fo&m^* box. 25c
WATGH FQK J HE LHKISTMAS NUMBER OF THE GALL-OUINEXT SUNDAY
MAYOR OF TOWN
A LAW BREAKER
Executive, Five City Trustees,
Four Supervisors and Other
Officials Are Under Arrest
Bx>ec!&l Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 14.-The Mayor of
Oc«an Park, his entire Board of City
Trustees, four of the five members of the
Board of County Supervisors, Attorney
Earl Rogers, Deputy County Surveyor No
ble and several lesser lights In the po
litical horlton of this section are out of
jail to-night only because they gave their
several and solemn promises that they
will appear in Police Court to-morrow
morning to answer to a charge of misde
meanor.
The party started from the' Courthouse
in four big automobiles to-day to inspect
the route of a proposed boulevard from
the city to the sea and once out of the
business section of the city they paid no
attention to the requirements of the ordi
nance which forbids more than fifteen
miles an hour speed. Two patrolmen
mounted on specially made motor cycle*
provided for Just such an emergency
yelled at them to stop, but the officials
paid no attention to the order. Then the
policemen started after tbem and the
ohauffeurs of the officials, -thinking they
would be protected-, put on full speed.
There is not an automobile In the south
which can run faster than the special
motor cycles the city has provided for
the police, and after a chase of two milea
the automobiles were overhauled and
stopped. Then the Supervisors and others
told who they were, but that made no
difference. The policemen took their
names and made each of them, promise to
appear in court to-morrow.
The policemen told them bluntly that
had they been members of the Cabinet
they would still have\to appear. That
settled it and the party proceeded at
greatly reduced speed.
WOMAN ON BICYCLE
HIT BY A MOTOR CAE
Tourist Is Seriously Injured
in Collision With an
Automobile.
Eoeolal Dispatch to Tb« Call.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 14.-An automoblU
accident at the corner of Fifth and H
streets this afternoon resulted in serious
Injury to Mrs. M. Adelaide Preston of
Charlotte. Mich. She is in a hospltaj suf
fering from Injuries about the head and
a broken right collar bone.
Mrs. Preston, who Is a tourist, is here
fcr the winter. She was riding down
Fifth street and was to turn into H
street, when an automobile belonging to
Miss Jarlckl of Erie, Pa., who is a winter
guest at the Hotel . Coronado, struck her.
Mrs. Preston was thrown from her bicy
cle and landed on her head and shoulders.
The physicians do not expect a fatal re
sult, though there are symptoms that In
dicate a slight concussion of the brain.
Small ad. advertiser* can only be cer
tain of their ad«. appearing; In Sunday*
Call — ChrUtniaM Edition — upon the
early delivery of their copy at thia of
fice. \o ada. will be received later than
7 o'clock Saturday nljilit. -
You can take most of a man's boast* of
good qualities as advertisements for
missing ones.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 15, ;1905.
Minister Takahira
Is Now on Way
to Japan.
Goes to His Native
Country for a
Vacation.
Minister Kogoro Takahira,
Japnn'M representative at
IVasbtnsrtoii, arrived lure yes
tcrrtn.v on lII* way to hln native
land. He goen oittcnslbly on
a vacation. He - talked lo
(iiinclotiNly on any | subject but
thone pertaining to mntters In
the land of the little brown
men. He said tbe war with
Rumsla v.n* a natural sequence
of affairs.
KcKardlnt; the matter of
Japnnese immigration, Minister
Tnkahira declined to irlve an
expression of opinion, and said
that ttvhn an affair for discus
sion between the two govern
ment*.
Kojfora Takahira, Japan's representa
tive at Waahlngton, is at the St. Francis.
He is on hfs way to his own Empire.
He is a diplomat in every sense of the
word, and^ appears to be a very wise
diplomat at that,^ especially when It
comes to talking much and saying as
little as he desires.
As he sat in his sumptuous apartments,
leaning back in a luxurious easy chair,
the while puffing a cigarette, he discussed
loquaciously on the general topics of the
day. While he was free of speech on
matters in general, he was "close
mouthed" on affairs that concern his
own country.
Referring to the war, he said that Ja
pan did not invite it. It came as a
natural sequence of events. Korea was
not able to maintain her national status
as an independent nation. She allowed
Russia, to interfere with the affairs of
the kingdom. The Emperor of Korea
was not independent. Japan's position
was a natural and logical consequence.
Regarding the reports that China was
intending to largely increase Its army,
Takahira said that China must be al
lowed to uphold her own people. It was
not the intention of Japan to dictate
anything to China.
Regarding the immigration of Japan
ese into this country, the wily diplomat
had only to say that all these matters
were left entirely to his Government for
discussion. He himself had no opinion
whatever to express upon the subject.
The question was one that must be dis
cussed between the two Governments.
When his Government had brought It
up to an Issue, it was possible then that
he might have something to say, but at
the moment he had no opinions to offer
on the subject.
The Japanese Minister said that he had
been in America for five yeara. His
Government had offered him a vacation
two and a half years ago, but affairs had
made it so he could not accept It then.
He was, however, now that the war was
over and peace restored, able to visit his
native land. He is going home now os
tensibly on a vacation. Whether he will
return or not he does not know.
He says he is very fond of America and
the Americans, but he was non-committal
as to whether he would prefer to go back
to Washington or to remain In Japan.
He has aged considerably since he came
to this country. His mustache, which 'was
Jet black when he came here, Is now
thickly sprinkled with gray. In speaking
of the poßt at Washington, Takahira
said:
"This post will be regarded as one of
the highest in the whole diplomatic ser
vice of Japan, and It will be the greatest
ambition of any Japanese diplomat to be
sett here as the representative of the
Emperor. If, therefore, it should be my
fortune to be returned here again in that
capacity I will certainly consider it a
great honor and pleasure. Whoever is
appointed 'to this post will do all In his
power not only to maintain but to pro
mote the important relations growing be
tween the United States and Japan."
Regarding the settlements of the Trar
and its conditions, in which Takahira and
Baron Komura represented Japan and
Count de'Witte and Embassador de Rosen
represented Russia at Portsmouth, the
Minister had nothing to . say.
1 Takahira will sail to-morrow on the
steamship Manchuria for Yokohama.
BEAL ESTATE MAN
IS FATALLY SHOT
H. L. Wilson of Los Angeles
Is Mortally Wounded by
George W. Kennedy.
LOS ANGELES, Deo. IB.— H. L. Wilson
of the real estate firm of Wilson & Kelly,
•with offices In the Hellman building, thla
city, was shot and fatally wounded short
ly before 1 o'clock this (Friday) morning
by George W. Kennedy. The bullet from
a revolver struck Wilson over the left eya
and penetrated the brain. He was re
moved to the Receiving Hospital, where
it was announced he would undoubtedly
die before morning. Kennedy was arrest
ed. The cause of the shooting was not
ascertained.
M 7 Friend the Chauffeur
By C. N. ft AM. Williamson
CThlo book, like a high-
grade, high horse-power
motor, not only stays in
the race, but gains rapidly on
all rivals.
Yesterday we sold 8,450
copies on re- orders. For the
last two months it has been
on the list of the six best
selling books in this country.
Figures toll I
Buy it yourself I
lilMtrated, $130
Mcdure, Phillips & Gv
44 But 13d Street, NEW YORK
For as* Overcoat— Any M&teria!— Any
Style— Any Price— Come to Our Stores
\u25a0 \u25a0"-•.'• v- ;
I m This is the season of the overcoat. Our stores are the I
Girl S places to get them. . BOY'S
COat, $6.45 Fi f st > because the price on every garment is less than in OveFCOat, S5
, . . ; competitors' stores. Second, because you can find in our stock , \u0084 .* . ,
' Also make provision for r ... i ' j 1 v j c -Don t forget that the boy
the girl. Our Regulation any material in any style and length and a range of prices to i s a i so a'twious to keep warm
Three-Quarter Coat with satisfy everybody. an^ we have the overcoat 1
chevron on the right arm . . '. .... that comes down to his shoe
and stripe of honor on the Every overcoat is made with care and ...discrimination by top,, just as the picture
left, has been the enthusi- skilled workmen in our own workshops. The doth is bought shows.- These overcoats
astic selection of discriminat- , . . r -in . & - come in all the new and
ing mothers. The coat has' directly from the big mills. There is no middleman looking tor pretty Scotch mixtures and
two vents at the back and a profit, and Consequently we save you from $A to $7 on any ' oUr assortment :is large
' stylish brass buttons. It * r ' , , / ttt • 11 i- • • I You'll like the gray and
, makes the girl look as dressy overcoat bought of US. We give the best quality consistent With * brown mixtures very mach.
as any garment possibly the price. For boys Bto 15 years old.
could. The ages arc 14 to r +s - j t • i_ 1 r price, $5, indicates how
16 years, and the price Great COdtS, as pictured at the left; 52-inch lengths; full we are able to save money
$ 6456 ' 45 - back, with or without belt; deep vent in back, peak lapel or for purchasers
Don't fail to bring the 1 i \cr j- • u^ • a? 1 1 * ir^c A pocket knife free with
children to see Santa Claus large^ effect; medium weights; prices $1 Ito $25. every purchase.
/ at both stores. Paletots, shown in the second figure from the left; single-
t breasted Newmarkets and other form-fitting overcoats; all made
of imported cheviots and worsteds in new gray shades and \
patterns; prices $2.0 to $45. .
Chesterfields, the kind worn by the third man from the /?f!^f^^Bj^
left; 45-inch lengths; elegantly lined to edge or buttonhole; '{] '^ vra^lV^l^A.
Oxford grays and imported goods in lighter shades, in stripes and //'^l^^^^^H
mixtures;- prices $15 to $45. fj'^ !^^^^^^mk
Top CoatS, as portrayed at the right; 32, 34, 36 and new W^'^«^^^r
2$ inch lengths; coverts in all shades, fancy cheviots and un- t'l a^'^^L^^^^
finished worsteds; prices $12.50 to $35. '. . M^^^^^^^t
\u25a0 '^^^SM Cravenettes, rainproof overgarments that can be worn as i^^^R
i^iil^i^li' comfortably and look as well in dry as wet weather. Prices: JUS^^^^^^i
ijffiS^fepl Regular overcoat styles, $12.50 to $35; form-fitting styles, -fes^^S
fi^W^^^M " Suits, in an infinite variety of materials, weaves, styles and '^^IB^S'^^>'^
prices; prices $10 to $40. Our blue serge suit at $11 is ftlpif S^lll
JM ' . An overcoat or a suit is a very acceptable Christmas gift. - I
lilfL^ Open Evenings Until Christmas &&&±~z igtegs*
A splendid assortment of wtm^- § m. . __~_^ '^^- an< * therefore sold at smaller
sweaters for boy's of these ages. " T » * *mm\" prices than elsewhere. Knit of
Some button on the neck and Manufacturers Wholesalers and Retailers of Clothing - J?, d
shoulders and others in the w zephyr yarns in plain shades,
front. They are pleated and «ir /^ I *• A* A '\u2666 #^ *% *% #% combination stripes and fancy
have a belt— the Buster Brown 1 WO W-O'F X € WIO F6S designs.' They will retain their
style Colors: cardinal, navy, *^ original shape and colors when
oxford, white,- light blue and 740 Market St. • 97a Market St. 26 Powell and washed. Prices. 65^ 73c,
0&i n .V*&V!K Cl *** 35 Geary St (Arcade Entrance) . Cor. Powell & Ellis g? **' ?1 " > ' • 1 " >0 an "
SURVEY FOR NORTHERN
LINE IS COMPLETED
Route for California-North
eastern Railroad Selected
by Engineers.
; PORTLAND, Dec: 14.— At the head of a
orew of twelve surveyors, Engineer D. V.
Griffiths of the California Northeastern
Railroad Company arrived at Klamath
Falls yesterday, having 1 , finished a definite
survey for: a railroad to run twenty-five
miles southwest of town. In the vicinity
of Plcard the engineers met serious
stacles In "the hole In the ground," where
the valley Is several hundred feet lower
than the surrounding cor> try. This prob
lem has been successfully met and a grade
secured from "Weed of not over 1 per
oent. The depot site will be chosen here
to meet an agreement made with Weed
people when the project was taken over.
. From present indications the line will
come Into town on the east side -.'Lower
Klamath Lake. Later information ' is to
the effect that the Weyerhauser people
will not build Into Klamath Falls. They
will remodel the roadbed of the Klamath
Lake Railroad, cut out the switchback
from Klamath River . to Pokegama by a
tunnel and (handle lumber., exclusively.
The road is to be extended along the orig
inal route and swing oft toward Pelican
Bay without crossing the river and tap
ping: the great timber belt.
DAMAGE BY- STORM GREATER
THAN FIRST REPORTS INDICATE
Many Houses on Pala Indian Reserva
tion Destroyed \u25a0by Wind Last
. -'Sunday. : .. •'.-: '\u25a0• :.'}-\ \u25a0
SAJT DIEGO, : Dec j 14.— Later '- reports
from the . Pala Indian ' reservation indi
cate.that the damage done by; the high
winds of last Sunday was greater, than
at first believed. ''\u25a0:\u25a0' Practically all the
portable houses furnished to the In
dians by the Government were carried
away or destroyed on the spot, while
several more substantial cottages were
either entirely or partially wreoked.
The wind was not cyclonic In charac
ter, but a typical gale/ which tossed
houses about like ohips and uprooted
trees. " • ' ' \u25a0 •'
The Indians have been made fairly 3
comfortable In tents and other tempo
rary shelter, and the Department oj the
Interior has been asked for funds to
replace the buildings. . " \u25a0 . -
| VICHY I
| IS NOT GENUINE WITHOUT THE WORD f
It is always sold in bottles
, like this
The Natural Q AVOID
Cure for IB DOTATIONS!
DYSPEPSIA \ ; jHL ~~
and i^OT^k h!ch have
STOMACH fflflMl n ° mediclnal
TROUBLES pr ° perticS *
Standard f^^^ The gCDUine
Preventative j^i§||p|| Js never
for Ilsssii^slt so^ > n
GOUT yjfgllj syphons
Drink In the Morning and at Meals
WILL LET THE WORLD
KNOW TOWN'S MERITS
Residents of Pacific Grove
Raising Funds to Adver
tise the Resort.
PACIFIC OROVB, Dw. 14.— The Board
of Trade will shortly commence & cam
paign of adTertislng of Pacific Grove to
make it one of the beat-known resorts on
the Pacific Coast A committee, consist
ing, of Messrs.- Gould and Miller, li now
raising fundg for the purpose. Several
hundred dollars has already been sub
scribed and much more will be raised.
This advertising ia considered necessary
In order to ; put . the place on an equal
footing with other resort*. The growth of
the town has been rapid In the last year.
It 1» proposed to make It known as a wln
ter resort as well as a summer place.
DRAGGED TO DEATH
7 i^BY RUNAWAY TEAM
Well Known Yisalia Cattle
Bnyer Is Killed in
Frasier Yallej\
VISALIA, Deo. 14.— John Lindsay, a
well-known cattle buyer of this city, was
killed this afternoon In Frasier Valley,
thirty miles east of here, by a runaway
team. The horses dragrsred the unfortu
nate man to death.
EX-NAVAIi ACADEMY CADET
SAYS HE WAS NOT FORCED OUT
BAKERSFIELD, ; Dec 14. — Ernest
"White, the naval academy student from
Bakersfleld, whose resignation was re
cently noted, has returned to this city.
and ho denies most emphatically the
report that he was forced out of tha
institution by the academy code. Jlr.
White stood well with the upper class
men and his record in the academy as
a student was all that could be de
sired. His resignation was dv» solely
to a disinclination on his part to go
Into the service and had been in con
templation for some time..
1 XHDE li * " 4 fl I
I COATSHIRT
3 ia a reform in man's dress. $1.50 !
3 sad up, in white or exclusive color- A
•£ fast fabrics. At leading stores. |
4 \u25a0 CLUETr.PEABOOYaCO..Troy.N.Y. j
1 Largest a*k*n*f«tkiruaode»Uar*iaU»«w«rM. \\
34
I For Christmas Gifts
It is readily granted that furniture is the ideal Christmas gift,
but it is advisable to be particular about your choice. If you make
your selection at Fredericks' you may rest assured it is a gift of
quality that will give good service and be a constant remembrance.
Chiffoniers $7-5o to $415 Turkish Chairs $35 to $100
Parlor Tables $1.50 to $250 Sewing Tables $15 to $40
Parlor Divans $:o to $125 Card Tables $4 to $125,
Magazine Stands $7-5° to $15 platep Iate R ac ks. $3.50 to $20 .
Parlor Cabinets. . . .$17.50 to $265 Morrfs Chairs $I 2 tQ $g0
g^^life^m comfort Rockers $4 to $25
Wmr Trays $10 to $is Book, Cases $12 to $375
SJcr airs::::;::.sxa irs::::;::.$xo o to oo $ 7 f a^ ciosets ...$ 20 t0 %*»
Turkish Rockers $35 to $100 Tabourets . 75c to $35
Dressing Tables $14 to $350 Library Tables. . . . $3.50 to $325
Three Fold Screens. .$2.50 to $60 Hall Clocks $12.50 to $525
Pedestals $4 to $40 Dressers §12 to §500
Music CabinVts: '. '. '. . '. . -$5 to $90 Nfst.Tables $12 50 to $25
Bedside Reading Table. $5 to $7.50 Shaving Stands. ... . . .$l2 to $45
Desk Chairs $4-50 to $15 Triple Dressing Mirrors
Parlor Chairs $7-5© to $75 „ ••••••-. *? f ™
Piano Benches $12 to $20 Gun Cabinets $35 to $q8
Certain to win appreciation will be a gift of an Oriental or Do-
mestic Rug, Draperies, Sofa Pillows or Fancy Cushions.
Make your selections now and deliveries will.be made at your
pleasure.
Open Evenings, commencing Saturday, December 16th.
34* 5O ELLIS STm^ ce p a k°et-
PATS FOR APPLES WITH BAD
CHECK ASD IS ARRESTED
Fruit Dealer of Soqnel Said to Have
Passed Worthless Paper on
au Italian.
SANTA CUUZ. Dec 14. — W. E. Bam
ber, who has been In the apple busi
ness at Soquol. was brought from San
Francisco to-dny charged with pass
ing a bad check on S. Manilda, an Ital
ian. Earaber purchased about $900
worth of apples from Manilda. giving,
It is said, a worthless check for 5325
as part payment. ;
Work for Heney In Kansas.
TOPEKA. Kans., Dec. 14. — The an
nouncement that Francis J. Heney of
San Francisco will assist United States
District Attorney H. J. Bone in the
prosecution of the Government land
frauds cases has reached Topeka from
Washington.
Sing Calf — In Reg'als Only
J If you never wore a pair of King Calf Regals,
\|||* there's a lot of shoe-comfort still coming to
isSjll^^ King Calf is tanned for Regals only,
and from the finest Calfskins
i^^^^^&W *k at all Europe can produce.
Mf* I '^§flfe/ King Calf does these things:
i J&mfV' ' f rfsL la ** wears like iron, it fits your foot like
i M&& Blf ''?5§S S B love leather » it: resists wet and holds
pss: "'- '-'^v^^v its sha P e ' it: takes a quick polish and
B^^^^^^^ Kintcalf does Mot do these
) things: It neither breaks nor
wrinkles, nor "flakes" in the
I I^^^^^^^^^^" creases; it does not "peel "like
I kid ' nor Sjow dull like ordinary
Ca^skin- It never chafes
\ O e~b E»ir\ anc^ never S^s hard —
I 9> 1\50 heat or cold « wet °r dry.
i <L>= \^| , .^^^p^ After 14 years of tan-
f \^^fe ''^M^M^k nin § Xin S Calf and
"EARL" making it up into
-sss^^ir^BHfe, Wk al shoes r e
t*=am-th« fiaoM Eer*l Klrf Cais. - \ ''?k':os\ knOW CXaC 1 1 y
«locU ma'i thoe, the rtodtst'f »hoe-» iho« : & ™nai It Will Stana
f or the mm cf wcri or leiscre. Double tole cf and V7C Stand back OI
Legal o*k bark-Usaad leather with codex*t«exte } it without reserve.
I don. | . Quarter Sizes I
Seventy-fire Beg&l Styles-aad the regular price, right tbronth th*
whole list, is $3.50 as usual.
Btrt to aectui iuJstest demand we hare nxle »p IB epecial model* at $4 per pair. Th« extra BO eeste
enablea uto bciid c. wholly new line of ihoes that we could sever before Include In tbe EeraJ llit. Th* ad-
<rmstas«i of tbe racial $f models crrr th* 53.80 F^jraJ are in their extra eastern featnres. All of the leathers
r and other materials la thea are the BEST of the EEET tod thrj ban a little more band-work ate They
an trae bencb-mada ahoes, and lew gessics CBStom-aiade $12 cboes equal their handsome appearance. - . '
I Send for Style-BooK Hail Orders Promptly Filled
Sold direct from tannery to consumer. The largest retail shoe business
la the world. 103 stores In principal cities from London to San Francisco.
FOR MEN AND WOMEN '
MEXS STORES SAX FRANCISCO WOMEN'S STORES
£20 Market Street S2O Market Street
1, O Farrell Street Oakland Store, 22 San Pablo Are. IT O'Farrell Street '
li Go East with a 1
li Thro' Conductor who I
I Knows the Route SB
: i\l You will find such a man in charge of each of the 1 1
|| Burlington's personally conducted tourist excursions 11
li leaving San Francisco every Wednesday, Thursday 11
j-j| and Friday for Chicago, and every Thursday for St. 11
few If you care to know more about this li
| ! f; \rr >'•>'• T' 'gp^ag'T^tt Personally conducted feature, " wRi
hi? tH(f!^i«jis^3^/^*w»| "" SAXBORX, General Airent, Key
ffi ll^' flillfr^aCTl C3l MarUe t Street. San Francisco. |ffl
TAKES LIFE BECAUSE OP PEAII
HE HAD KILLED A WO3IAX
Mariner Who Attempted to Do Murder
Flrea Fatal Shot at
Himself.
LOXG BEACH, Dec. 14. — Swen Sw n
son, a seaman, committed suicide at
the home of J. Joberg, his friend, In
this city to-day. Yesterday Swenson
attempted to kill a woman named Bap
tiste Gagmarie, but succeeded only in
inflicting- a :.calp wound after firing
twice at her. Believing he had killed
the woman*, Swenson fled to Long
Beach, where he ended his life with
a revolver to-day.
PartlnsTton School of Illustration.
An exhibition of the work of the stu
dents of the Partingrton School will be
held at the studio, 424 Pine street, on
Saturday, December 16th. from 2 to 4
and 7 to 9:30. All are invited.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL- V FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1903.
LUNACY BOARD
HOLDS MEETING
Semi- Annual Conference of
State Gommission Called
to Order by the Governor
INTERESTING EEPORTS
Superintendents of Various
Asylums Discuss Matters
Concerning Institutions
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 14.— The semi-annual
conference of the State Lunacy Commis
sion was held to-day in the directors'
room at the Agnew State Hospital for the
Insane. The meeting was called to order
at 10:30 o'clock this morning, and con
tinued until late in the afternoon. Gover
nor George C. Pardee presided, and Dr.
N. K. Foster was secretary.
A lengthy report was read by A. J.
Pillsbury, telling of his investigation of
hospitals and asylums throughout the
Eastern States. A report along similar
lines was read by Dr. E. W. King, super
intendent of the Mendocino State Hospital
The papers led to a general discussion of
matters of current importance, In which
tho various superintendents joined. Dr.
Charles Keane, the State Veterinarian,
spoke on "Dairies," with special refer
ence to the requirements of State institu
tions in this regard.
Those present at the meeting were:
Governor Pardee, Secretary of State C. T.
Curry. Attorney General U. S. Webb, Dr. S.
W. Hatch, General Superintendent of State In
stitutions; Dr. Foster, . secretary of the State
Board of Health; Dr. E. W. King, superin
tendent of Mendocino State Hospital; William
J. G. Daweon, superintendent of the Feeble-
Mlnded Home at Glen Ellen; Dr. Elmer Stone,
superintendent of the Napa State Hospital for
the Insane; Dr. Asa Clark of Stockton State
Asylum; Dr. A. P. .Williamson of the Southern
California State Hospital; Dr. C. L. Pardee,
eecretary. ot the commission; Dr. Charles
Kean, Stato Veterinarian; J. W. Stetson of
Oakland; A. J. Pillsbury, secretary of the State
Board of Examiners, and Agnews Trustees O.
A. Hale, A. Greeninger and Dr. Isaac Upham.
The session was continued late into the
evening. To-morrow a meeting of the
committee of superintendents will be held
for the purpose of discussing a schedule
of dietary for the various institutions.
LANDSLIDE UNCOVERS
RICH GOLD DEPOSIT
British Columbia Indians
Work All Summer at •
Picking Up Nuggets.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Dec. 14.— 1n the interior of
British Columbia near the Alaskan
boundary an immense landslide; last
spring uncovered several ledges captain
ing quartz studded with pure gola. In
terior Indians have been picking up the
gold all summer ahd^will. come down
Stickeen River next -spring with \u25a0 their
wealth, which probably will aggregate
several millions. "Chilkoot. Jack" has
reached Sitka from upper Stickeen where
he went last summer with Stickeen In
dians to trade with the interior tribes.
This year tliey penetrated farther than
usual going to' the. "head waters "of the
Stickeen and thence down- a small stream*
known as Diss Creek. Twenty miles from
this creek they found Interior Indians all
engaged in packing off immense quanti
ties of gold in big and little nuggets. They
endeavored to keep the location secret,
but the visiting Indians managed to dis
cover it.
SONOMA ENRICHED
BY RAID OF POLICE
Petalumans Arrested for Vio
lating Gambling Laws
Pay Heavy Fines.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 14.— Sonoma Coun
ty Is already $300 richer as the result, of
the raid on slot machines at Petaluma
last week by the officers under the direc
tion of District Attorney Charles H.
Pond. Three of th© men arrested at that
time and charged with violating the
gambling laws . appeared in Justice
Atchinson's court here and entered pleas
of guilty and paid fines of $100 each. Al
Newberg, a clerk, and Tony Mego, a bar
ber, plead guilty to a charge of conduct
ing a roulette table and R, B. Ayers to
a charge of running a slot machine. There
were eleven others to be arraigned this
morning, but their attorneys secured a
continuance until next Saturday..
OFFICERS ARTS ELECTED BY
THE MASONS OF BEACH CITY
.John Severlo Is Chosen High Priest
of the Santa Crux
Chapter.
SANTA CRUZ. Dec. 14. — Santa Cruz
Chapter, Royal Arch Masons, " elected
the following officers last evening:
High priest, John Severlo; king, A, A.
Cox: scribe, Ij. Lorenzen; secretary, N.
H. Bias; treasurer, Frank Matlison.
Ship Leaves Captain Behind.
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 14.-— The
steamer Hounslow, which sailed to-day
under charter to the Mexican Govern
ment to run in connection/with the
Tehuantepec Railway, left her master.
Captain Ashmead, In a hospital hera
suffering from a broken ankle. The
chief officer of the Twickenham, load
ing on Puget Sound, replaced him. .
W YflZ OLD.FAMILY OQctoh
THEPUBLIC IS AFFECTED
, much more than the manufacturer
by adulteration and substitution.
Especially is this so when witch
hazel is purchased instead of
POND'S" EXTRACT, a tried
and true- extract of hamamelis, and
the only one of standard strength
and purity.
CAUTION.
"Witch Hazel is not "the same thing*
as POND'S EXTRACT. On wJalysis;
of 70 samples of witch hazel, bought of
leading wholesale and ' retail druggists and i
department stores, 52 . contained . Wood
Alcohol (poison) ol Formaldehyde (poi-
son), or both, and not one of the other 18 j
was up to the required standard of strength.
The peril of these poisons may be avoided
by the exclusive use of
'Ofelxiiici
C. N. C& A. M. WILLIAMSON ' fe^S
Orr An automobile romance that rushes all the way through on thethird speed. From the start in the Riviera to the finish n £tf e
U Is no let up in the entertainment and excitement which this book affords. There are adventures without number on the open roa£ dehghtful £^£»^i»« a £
W- ery in Italy and Dalmatia, and a triple love story, deliriously blending sentiment and comedy. Add that " My Friend the Chauffeur is aa En-hsh nobleman ia
disguise and that he wins the heart of a charming American girl.. V V;^- " - ' '
1 "It is airy, jolly, refreshing, full of sunshine and fresh air." N. Y. Mail. m The story invigorates and charms." Boston HsrauL JttustrateO. $1.50.
The Work of Our Hands iiS^i The Fortunes -ol the Landrays;
H. A. MITCHELL KEAYS IkSCTR^S VAUGHAN KESTER
AKT The responsibility of the rich is the theme of this novel and N fvF tE Z ffl/W N *rr The romantic story of an American famfly through three
it is developed in a story extraordinarily rich in human • H Ittt I 3><1 fell g«"-ations. The Gold Fever of 45-TheCivU War—
emotions Cloth, $1.50. R ifeJC^Hp^ R Land Boom in Kansas-The Mormons— Great Indian
So in real We than they are "wont to do in fiction." V* • Boston Gmgregatvnahst. '
Trib ™<- a Prisoners story The Pang-Yanger
The Ancient Landmark of tbe Cross. elmaa.travis,m.d.
ITT T7ARFTH CHERRY "WAT T7 - \u25a0 4fT An extraordinary tale of primitive love and passion, of hats
ELIZABJJ.1W trUSKKY T!^^ \ ' • „ fel| and revenge, the scene ofwhich fa laid in the CatskSla,
CThe thousands .of those who read and loved "Pa Gladden" PETER ROSEGGER. and thelprotagonista of which, Abrjah Bead, the hardy
and who mourn the recent death of the creator of that de- .; mountaineer, and Barbara Hurst, the passionate Southern Girl, asm
lightful and lovable dinctet, will rejoice that. Mrs. Waltz . contrasted types of American manhood and womanhood,
was at least spared to complete tnls powerful and absorbing ro-^ %i, A carpenter in prison, under Flr*b. V>r™- $1-50.
mance of Kentucky life. Never has the old Blue Grass been so sentence of death, seeks con- ._ _ - _ __ _ _.
faithfully and poetically represented in fiction. Ooth t izmo % $i. 5 o. fa what ToW by TAlCfe R.ei21HS
Back Home to Um ** "** Btory rf Jeius Joel chandler harris >, iL4»-l
vNi T?TTrT7MT? wnnn Christ. His account of the gprr M Br"er Rabbit, Br'er Foa, Mr. Dog, .&£ Sptfe-'*?
>gff EUGENE WOOD /^ rf fa gf Sis Cow^-5, you £w them? Jg&dlgi?
T&dnYsyfo /ff Tbe momcnt y° u takc Eugfcne Wood's . _ . . ™ 11ont , ia1 _,, tV^ Then you wffl be glad to know |§it§^&g5kS"*
MMJ ilJ "Back Home" in your hand, off you homely and colloquial, and the th-t an £ hcr Dnde 8 Reinns bookf V^l^Sv*
SO, right back to the little old village author approaches the subject with more stori^, by that wonderful story
fffWk ?^bere you used to live when you were a boy, with all reverence, and makes teller. If there is a child in your home,
4 fittM where you went gleefully to the swimming hole it an up iifti nff and inspiring gladden ha heart with the new Undo 2^£ngS§W^*
? >SJi^V\ftiu and reluctantly to the little old red school- t _f .,~° .. . . Remus Btories. If there are no children. «»v l^&sP^&X&h
George Ade writes: "It is just as good Jory. Sue illustrataons, in color, md h yx3^ * J?Z&MSF
-*^^MStS?V'» as a return trip to the days of my boyhood." drawn by C. K. Lmson. Cloth, Sixty iHustratioisa by A. B. Fxoet and
x -^S?*Ti*« Illustrated by A- B. Frost. $1.50. 12mo, $1.50. others. $2X0.
THE MYSTERIOUS STRANGER
€A humorous and satirical record of history that has been making during the last few years— is what we have in the collection of 250 pfr turr»*y ATrrMfr great
cartoonist, " The Dooley of the Pencil," John T. McCutcheon. For a Christmas present you couM not find a fuller and more lastingly enjoyable book **™\ *Tb»
Mysterious Stranger." , Bound in boards. Sise of \age, 9x12.. T^s^xrrii, $1.83 ; **i, $U0.
WHAT THE NEWSPAPERS SAY: I 1 WHAT WELL-KNOWN MEN SAYt
C "A handsome volume, furnishing as much entertainment £§r "4fe S--1 Q John Hay once said that he had never seen eny otter csx-
as fifty ordinary books." N. Y. Globe. jjffttmtf'*"' "^V^~ {Z*o**Z L toons in which there was **bo mrwh wit and *^r\ and so
"They will make you feel good all over; at peace with -^JCl 3^SjS& SSS? little poison." George Ade says: "In McCtttcheoa'a cjbw
yourself and your neighbor. It's a good world, after all, and toona we adsdre the clever execution, and the gentle hxxmor
McCutcheon helps to make it so." Cleveland Leader, a?^h /^j§V J^ &S§. which dUTuses all of bis work, but I dare say t*wt more t&an
" They arc well-springs of honest good humor and all that is T x r: ~~~~ J *^ we a dmi re for ids consid-rate treatment of public men
best and most humorous in American life to-day." New •#^£??*S£M) and bis blessed wisdom in getting away from the hackneyed
Orleans Picayune. £^EzE>^ f^S^^^^. *J:** political subjects and giving us a few picfujea of tiiat evcry-
Bible History 0 m^m # .\u25a0 u The Horse In America
PROF. XAVIER KOENIG mm *V JOHN OTTrMKR SPEED
This book contains a series of fifty lessons on the Old Tes- - J-*'^^^ :^»U J M^i rf \ Q P 186 ** 0^ treatise on the variooa types common in th*
- tament viewed in the new light of indisputable historical t^J** *l£/ . United States, with something: of their interesting and
facts that modern research and criticism have unearthed. ~* varying characteristics. The horse is discussed from every
The matter is so arranged that the book may be used for /W^* point of view— history, breeding, training, care *M romance,
students of from ten to twelve years upward. ••cbrlatmas Is Candnz." It J» a practical book, but to the horse lover it is as interesting
Goth. Postpaid %i. 07. Net $1.00. |__ II ' | as a novel. 18 fflustratiana, two in colors. Net $2.00.
Goldwin Smith Rev. Washington Gladden Martin Hume
IRISH HISTORY and the THE THE WIVES OF
IRISH QUESTION NEW IDOLATRY HENRY VUL
JfTT A brilliant treatment of the Irish question in
RCl I the light of the lessons afforded by the history /g3T This volume, which includes the author's fa- jirr Another fascinating work of popular history by
of the past relations between England and her ES I mons protest against " Tainted Money," is a fs I the autliur of "The Courtships of Que-n Eliza-
2SS5pS?2d £ £ EELS? wS&h s p^ d y«fj % a "2^J*^ i6ea2bsa "* mTbm Affidr3 rf hUr7 Queca
i places upon natural rather than political causes in our national Hfe. One of the most notable , v . of Scots."
" for Ireland's suffering. Cloth. Net $1^0. books of the year. Ooth. Net %-L2D. E&straied ynOx portraits. Cloth. Net $3J5.
• Old .Greek G. Lowes Dickinson
S. N. D. NORTH Author of " Letters from a Chassse OffrciaU*
STT o4 memoir of an old-time professor at an old-time coUege. Dr. A MODERN SYMPOSIUM THE GREEK VIEW OF LIFE .
WL 1 North was professor of Greek at Hamilton College, whence his so- jfjTT "A masterful discussion of social jgf This book has for some time beea •
briquet "Old Greek" which was an expression of the mingled affee- J ideals ; . . . one of tha really O f known to discriminating American
tion and reverence with which he was regarded by his students in the old potable new books." Springfield readers as an exposition of Greek
days, when the personal contact between teacher and taught was closer RepubEcan. "A royal treat.'* Salt Lake ideals and habits of thought, of exquisits
than it is to-day. A delightful picture of a passing phase of education. Tribune. Cloth, small izmo. Postpaid %z<oj; quality. Chttu, rzmo. Postpaid $r<o?; net
Cloth, 8vo. Postpaid $3.71; net $3.50. . net $r.oo. %uoo.
Pastor Charles Wagner George Edward Woo&berry
JUSTICE THE GOSPEL OF LIFE SWINBURNE TOR TOT?CH
Mr. Wagner points out in this little Q Here Mr. Wagner refers to this vol- owiniSUKWJS t l^LB rUKCH
volume that it is not only necessary ume as the note-book of his life, in £f The most recent volume in the Con- tfT Thfa book is generally regarded as
to live the simple life, but also to live which he has jotted down opinions on temporary Men of Letters Series, Woodberry's c»sterpiec«»
the upright Kfe; and that we must con- all questions of conduct and thought and the best estimate yet made of the It breathe* not onjv aa ftrtmso love at
sider justice not only in regard to our that have interested him. He has done world's greatest living poet. Goth, books, b«t aa equally deep sympathy
fellow man, but also in regard to our- it in an interesting and human waj>. small irmo. Postpaid 83 anis; net withlife. CM, rsrmo. Postpaid $/vjo-
selves. Postpaid $1.07 ; net %i.oo. >: Postpaid % 1.07; nct$ix>o. . 75 cents. net $r*zo* ~—u~*
BOOTH TARKINGTON
€ This delightful novelette, which has been a popular favorite since the day of publication, sriTT remains the most nqtrisite g2i book of the season. T *+~'ftt<tiPY •
decorated and illustrated in color, it makes a most pleasing Christmas book.
** As perfect in conception and as dainty and at the same time as thorough in execution aa was ' Monsieur Beaocafrei* 1 ' If. Y»Esanag Ftxrt
\u25a0 Illustrated in colors, $105.
The Forest ' Hie Complete GoDer
STEWART EDWARD WHITE 40{<£0\ HARRY VARDON '
t If you would make some friend supremely happy on Christmas dff$ " I* is paying high Dut wen deserved praise to Harry Vardon to eaj
present him with a copy of this delightful book of the out-doors by wtW^t'Jy t^ at sincere lovers of the game wiH enjoy reading hfa book oa •
the author of " The Blazed Trail." The book is fresh with the golf as much aa they enjoy seeing Mm play. He has accontpfisfced
odor of .balsam; pure with the breath of the great Northern forests." 1^ what has so often bun caBed tbe impossible.'* N. K-Jmes.
LoteisvilU Courier-JourvaL Illustrated. Net $U>0. 50 Blttstratjota. Net $3.50 ; postpaid f3.CS.
\u25a0\u25a0' 0' McCLURE, PHILLIPS ®. COMPANY
_ NEW YORK
WOULD CLOSE
THE SALOONS
Report of Tehama County
Grand Jury Recommends
a Reduction in Licenses
BDecial Dlsnatch to Th».Call.
RED BDUFF, Dec.' 14.'— After being In
session ten days the Grand Jury to-day
brought in it* report. The report ia not
very lengthy, but deals with conditions in
a straightforward manner. Tho county
offices are in a fairly^ good condition h but
a few recommendations are made.
Amonjr them is one advising the
building of a new county,'hospital. Four
indictments In criminal cases have been
returned. • .- " •
The most Btartllng work of the Grand
Jury is that concerning tho regulation of
ealpons in tho town of r Red Bluff. The
jury recommends that an ordinance be
adopted by the Town' Trustees to enforce
the closing of all saloons iln Red \ Bluff
from midnight until 6 o' clock in th© morn
ing, also all day, on Sundays. h Further, In
crease of saloons Is opposed fand a grad
ual system of reduction recommended.
Publicity in tho , matter : of securing : li
censes is advised, with provision for pro
tests against their issuance. "
% The District Attorney is asked to prose
cute owners \ of :. property -wherein ;. illegal
gambling is conducted; :; also;- those con-*
ducting the ; games. The! Supervisors are
asked cto ;\u25a0; make " the; county ? saloon' laws
more stringent : as soon as) the } municipal
lty.of Red Bluff- takes 'action' on the jury"<i
recommendations. .' > ' •\u25a0- - I,"
;, : ;The \" ealoon I men \u25a0 have"- recently ; organ
\u25a0-.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0, \u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 .'\u25a0,;• •.-..>\u25a0\u25a0
Ized and will fight the issue which is to
come up before the Town Trustees at it 3
January meeting.
WIRELESS MESSAGE
CONTAINS SAD NEWS
Mare Island Advised of Death,
of Santa Cruz Boy on
Cruiser. r
6p«clal Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 14.— A word has
been received fromE. Gordon Peckham,
U. S. N., at Mare Island, that he was
advised by wireless telegraphy that
Richard M. Green, gunner's mate on the
United States steamship Chicago, whioh
left San Francisco for Honolulu on the
2d' i inst., had died very suddenly and
was buried at eea. Green was a son
of A. A. Green, formerly of Bella Vista
vineyard.
Smnll ad. advertisers can only be cer
tain of their ads. appearing: In Sunday's
Call — Christmas Edition — upon the
early delivery of their «opy at this of
fice. No ads. will be received later than
7 o'clock Saturday nisht.
Harder Charge Dismissed.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 14.— The charge of
murder against DanlelE. Bowman, who
killed James .Woods December : 5, was
dismissed -afters a preliminary, exami
nation, there being no . evidence to jshow
that ; the^ shooting was willful or pre- 1
meditated. Bowman" was the only wit
ness for the defense.-
Box Papers and Papeteries.
Th» prettiest line of papeteries you have ever
seen; illuminated boxes;- paper and envelopes
tied ..with dainty i ribbons; r pricea 25c *to $2 60
each; nothing more useful and nothing prettier
for, Christmas. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street." . \u25a0 ./. ;•\u25a0 '.'v \u25a0*.'-,. \u25a0\u25a0[''_ •
France In ' Serlons ; Condition.
S. France, 513 Potrero; avenue, -who
was held \u25a0- up.' and \ shot " in: the arm last
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\u25a0week by John Condon, alias "Welch, and
Harry Sheehan, alias Frank Hastings,
Is in a serious condition at St. Joseph's
HospitaL Blood poisoning has sst In
and Dr. Hawkins, who is attending him,
notified the police yesterday morning
Grandfather's or Hall Clocks "^^^^
|j For Christmas Gifts lillftti
Built of light or dark Oak, Walnut, JsffiM?^Jj g ,
Mahogany, or in old Mission style, some \w*-'X*Jf&
severely plain, others richly carved and ''-' ' .j?
all perfect specimens of art-craftsman- ~* • ! f3S| If
11 J The finest chime the quarter hours on \\ llj | J| .
*4» sweet toned tubular bells in addition to j UW mb
k\ striking the hours. These range in price SO hh
°A from $250.00 to $700.00. J[^ ||
Those which only strike hours and half
hours range from $20.00 to $190.00. Xt^^"'''\Yfi
\\p. We also have a splendid assortment of \u0084 . \A
M mantel, desk, wall and traveling clocks
-^ at very. reasonable prices. /Gsj^^^^y^&\^\
STORE OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS ' '
of hl3 condition. Condon and Sheehan
are the two desperate thug 3 who were
chased and captured last Monday morn-
Ing by Policemen «Ward and Ca3ey after
they held up and robbed E. N. "Winslovr
In the doorway of 404 Eddy street.WILD FLIGHT
OF AN AIRSHIP
Machine Becomes Unmanage
able When at Great Height
and Sails Into the Clouds
AERONAUT FACES DEATH
His Hands Chilled by Icy
Atmosphere and He Xearly
Falls From the Framework
CHICAGO, Dec. 14.— With the daring
of a man who faces death for the mere
excitement of it, Horace B. Wild, an
eictrician of Chicago, yesterday for the
first time in his life made a flight in
an airship. He soared to a height of
2ia>o feet above the ground.
After a series of thrilling: experiences
The- returned to the earth three miles from
where he started on his trip in a ma
chine which never had been tested be
fore. His flight was over Grand Cross-
Ing and was witnessed by hundreds of
spectators.
The trip through the air at the height
of half a mile was made under difficulty.
Wild's greatest peril was the danger of
losing his hold on the machine on ac
count, of the cold. Twice his numb fin
gers slipped from their grasp of the
frame of the ship and twice he caught
himself by . hooking- his heels Into a
groove in the cross beams.
The trip was mafic after several at
tempts covering a period of three weeks.
When the big airship sailed away the
crowds cheered and Wild waved his hand
gleefully.
For a time all went well, the dirigible
machine moving to the south Bmoothly.
Then the engine operating the propeller
stopped because the supply of gasoline
was exhausted. With that came to the
airship man the realization that he was
gcing higher and higher and had no
means of propelling the ship in the di
rection of the earth.
Wild, In a frantic endeavor to escape
destruction, climbed into the network
Of the gas-filled bag above him and
holding on, with the fingers of one hand
tiniest frozen, with his teeth unfastened
the cord that held the escape valve, per
mitting the gas to escape In sufficient
quantities to allow his floating to the
ground.
. The pulling down of the airship by its
Wr-ail rope was accomplished by two
A.omen and a boy with the greatest diffi
culty and at great personal risk, for
several parts of the machinery became
Cetached and their falling to the ground
bo lightened the balloon that it struggled
\u25a0with renewed energy to escape Into the
clouds. If it had escaped from the res
cuers. Wild's dfeath would have been cer
tain, as he would have been carried out
Into the lake.
INGENIOUS THIEF STEALS
MUFF AND FURS WORTH $5000
I'okcs ns an Employe of Hotel and Se
cures Goods from Delivery WogfOn
oi Mercantile House.
NEW YORK. Dec 14. — The detective
bureau has made an unsuccessful In
vestigation Into an Ingenious $5000
theft that was committed Tuesday aft
ernoon. :
Designed for Miss Frances E. Fltz,
a wealthy mining woman of Alaska, a
wild silver fox muff and stole and other
furs were ordered to be delivered at the
Hotel Martha Washington Tuesday by
«. mercantile establishment. The de
livery wagen was met at the thres
hold of the hotel by a man In uniform
pretending to be connected with the
establishment.
He signed properly for the package.
Working as he did under the eyes of
the genuine employes of the hotel, he
pretended to them to be an employe
of the mercantile establishment, and
after Inquiring at the offlce for a ficti
tious person coolly made off with the
property.
,^EXnY 1L ROGERS TO ERECT
% HOME FOR LITTLE CHILDREN
Prcsldect of the Standard Oil Company
Interests Himself In New York
Charitable institution.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14. — Soil has been
broken In the Bronx for the erection
cf a building 1 for the use of the Mes
eiah Home for Little Children. The
building will be erected by Henry H.
Rogers, vice president of the Standard
Oil Company. The cost, it Is said, will
be $500,000.
Mrs. H. H. Rogers is president of the
Hessian Home for Little Children and
devotes, much time to the work. The
Institution was founded in 1885 for the
temporary relief of working mothers
end the care of girls under 12 and boys
under 8. The last annual report
showed that forty-four children were
in the Institution.
Small nd. advertisers can only be cer
tain of their ads. appearing In .Sunday's
Call — Christmas Edition — upon the
early delivery of their copy at this of
fice. Xo ads. vrlll be received later than
7 o'clock Saturday nlclit.
Californlans In New York.
\u0084EW YORK, Dec. 14. — The following
Californlans are in New York: From
Ban Francisco — R. P. Julian, at the
Broadway Central; &L King: and wife,
at the Beimont; M. S. Koshland, at the
V^etherlands; J. PreJsch, at the Murray
' Hill; and J. W. Taylor, at the Holland.
From Los Ansetes— Mrs. Foster, at the
Gregorian; K. J. Gospw, at the Astor;
end Mrs. L. M. Miller, at the Bristol.
Wrcrkase Found In Straits.
VICTORIA, B. C Dec. 14. — A dis
patch from Carmanah Point at the en
trance to the Straits of San Juan de
Fuca, says a very large ship's boat,
long oars painted white, all badly
smashed, were picked up this morning
near where the bowsprit of a schoon
er's boat and taflraiis were found some
time ago. There was no mark to iden
tify the wreckage^ •
for Family Colds
A reliable Cough and Cold cure should
Le always in the boase ready for use the.
nioment the first symptoms appear.
' Jt is always easier, cheaper and better
to check a cold b the ray beginniag.
It is afer. too.
Sfciloh'. Conannptioa Cure, the Lung
Tonic, has been tested for durty-three
years, and tens of thousands of Homes m
die United States and Canada to-day are
never without it
~We m «<« hfnfr. W« tsro botjght
taany bottles of ShilotT* Constsnp»«m Cme. It «
trxxa and we would not be without it.— Mas
h!«y E. Apple, Gouvenieut. N. Y.
If it were anything but the best would
this be so > Try it in your own family.
A If it does not cure, you get back all it cost
you. We take all the chances. Neither
you not your dealer can lose. Isn't that
lair? 25c is the price. All dealen xa
medicine sell
Sold t>y THE OWL, DRUG CO., 1128
2£arket et. and SO Geary st
— — \u25a0 -r— ; \u25a0 ; " . -\u25a0. . \u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 - '-.\u25a0••-\u25a0-••- - -. i> \u25a0 • f " • . . ,- . ~~ ~ " [ '. \u25a0 '\u25a0 [ z ~ ; \ : .
% $7.50 Suit Gases $5 Merchand- 4^**-*^|^ >^f Mistakes $2.00 Centerpieces 88c
* Solid leather suit case, nice, dark chocolate color, Glovo"oi— ' yl^ '- '.'/\u25a0 J —2CT^ -* —"* '•'- ';Gan'B6 To-day and Saturday, if quantities last, 50 dozen
g linen lined, with solid brass lock and strong At U"sted dainty, hand embroidered centers in fruit,
ft handle; choice of two sizes — 22 or 24 mch — Can be purchased M & wL''^*^ tf Ms<*Q*/^c/^^W^^M^^^^^ At the Adjusters* flower and conventional designs, the kinds that
£ regularly $7 and $7.50, to-day g>-^ O|f w I^ l^ 3 " l "^^^ -iPI^Z l 3 created such a furor in previous sales, Q( v
| and Saturday <$£>©UIJ near public tele- •'^!BS^BB^^AMER^A IS"GRANDEST-BTbREI S"GRANDEST-8TbRE nnt 0t t0 Toy Dc ? art " special at ...'. OtlC
»V, phones, mam Boor. • -"*~ \u25a0 '-"v" :~; \u25a0 -. "* ~ . * ; . ...
| "" \u25a0 . \u25a0- - - \u25a0 , —
| Nights '
k » NOW A^W^wSil^Mk UQ k a wea^ tn or> to Y s nas never before been assembled in this great store, which has been famous for years for its wonderful toy displays. Bring all the
5 children to see it. Do not deprive any youngster of the Christmas treat we have prepared. Makeup your mind to give the children the, time of their lives this
*g Christmas. Give them in profusion the playthings and toys that make the real Christmas joys. You can afford to do it if you buy at Emporium prices.
J! c store s^ ows nun dreds of new and original toys. The newest trains run by electricity, for example, instead of by clockwork. The new foot-
v f&jm^^aW/i propelled vehicles are marvels of ingenuity. Dolls do everything but think nowadays. Here are some suggestions to toy buyers:
S I &^*^^Cwter 7 T« ji^. chair -Horses — Pabled' Horse and Cart — Imitation M .^ _
ti S'-^^jfe^ii /yW-^T?/' ?/3i T ~— 0 ?t °— "O* 95.00. h •i~3- lons— painted red— steel wheels, j j • 1 j.- i\u25a0 . j i. i • , . NaUffhtV BOY \^l' v \ J <^/}r~ r ~^^P
x \?SSW j£S^S -^ Ir 2?A?°« e^ art^ .2. 2 , 5 & **** 750f ....$3.00' and dappled, bent-wood skin-covered horse and painted ooy W^P" -* .
»t > : - 9i.00, $1.50 ana 92.50. ...... j # i i ' Automobile "~™ nsp*' ***w
$ Skin Horses ' j- < . Coaste^Too board 48 inch=. rocker and wicker seat dump cart, exactly Lke pic- M^anical • has Boys' Tool Chest-16 practical tool,
S- Horses, small, fine saddle and har- I l&H itfftmilll ifl I A long-palnteJ red^-steel wheel. ....... $1.25 hire $1.00 Mechanical . tos i/ clu(Eng brace M j b C U
V ness. 250, 50c, 75c. 51.00. rfrAffiU il^lfml 11 11 *rjMjgy. with extra heavy runs. /\^: Strong spnngZsC box. VOC
i wf\ $$ /vS^^P^^Si- vj^"^ KcTy Qloves- Olive, JISKSfM^; -r, t- l j j^« «»• i^« i«v. l 3 «j *gj } fc%r>
V Jf V\ fff f>-"fy^sM^^^S" ' X * U^ ill- » J=?» \S These Tncycles are ad- ke * 280 My——^^
I' A^Z^^m^^^a mwWzMw&MtF^ „ \u0084 , \u0084 , „ tan. leather, hair ©I r^ .... , \u25a0 . * _, - v m? \
% /^"^Se^SgSflfe^ligg^p^ P\\W'r^^^^^' Coaster— Hardwood body, 32 ff , justable and seats are up- v i.)i,f.iii!u, ! ! ii l 1 .!:.1...,!i,>>. >Os^l_<^V-^v_
jj rZj& =S^ 4W WM ' inche, long, steel «. 2 00 Stufted holstefed in bright X plush.
V Imitation Skin Horses on platform. r-^fi >_l</.gK^ wtlcels v**»vrvr • gj qq c +rk _,r, r , tf\\
5- saddled, :;,•. 400, 50c. 7r.0, $1 .00, / -3^t-as=r^^if^^^3^ CliiJriren'.: Hand Cars —A * * UU Ihls lwo Pl«un tire. Rubber dre. h TTtH&^&ZJ&r $ I
k* Sl.oO. $-\OO. g^.OO. $4.00. 5T..00. ?7.00. / ~^*>Z==S^^Z^=ig?^k WHiiurcn S lidiiu vais >\ Doll House 18-inch wheel. $4.00 SGOO \ (^P/Y^^^T"^ W*f
5 Skin Horses on platform; saddled. I , 117^^7^77^^^ great assortment of these health- Several 20-bch wkd 8.00 7.00 WWI. \%fT \ J~£
S 50c. 75c. $1.00. 81^.%, 81.50, $2.00. ..„„ Am JTiT^^ giving muscle developing toys. _^aa»«y Several $ . Q ft M-incb w^. o.uu j.uu j^J_\^ft=J^ \
U 53.00. S 1.50. 57.50. 59.00. SKIA AMMAI.S. 6 r <ZZ&f*^^ n rooms inside 1 .UU 22-mch whed. 8.80 9.00 SS^feSßC^S^ V — y
it Pug Dos, chamois skin, with voice, on Fast Mai! Locomotive— lo [piU Jj 26-inch-wh«l. 7. 50 11. DO " Sewing Ma-
S: jfcW ElfphantS'^rmovln^ head. ,1.00 and 16 inch plain ti.e steel wheels. ' Fancy Utho^aphed Shell, Sheep chines for little
* /ZX^iA s=sS 7^v\^irJw\ 51.50. pedal motive power, automobile OJ*' /^jMT • iffsH»aXl3xX£Pl%3l Cnrnet Sweeners — 4 v J women: will do
I ffl^M T^wgi t:£, on \u0084a«or a. ,v» " .-ft.'.'^Wa.BO.R.ll.r Stater- ffla^Hl Be, 250, feSS SStSSS f« — « -&-
•5 M JJry&fi) S6£) "ffi." 0 •""'"\u25a0"\u25a0 »»"• 23C - "*\u25a0 rec - Steel Battleship-60 hcho Leather heel and 58c, 7Bc. ' 8 - m - 4So - A^ "SkX? 1 '
G «,rwnhvo l c,..npl.t,o rra .= s o,»o. W2»^il2i-*. toestraps Toy Ptano-UpHsh. „„, ' Wood Sk A CJf H..A *c 9*UL
» _..*.. . »i.oo. »i.50. 52.00. «3.50. »5.00. guns, » e » rch cronflfl «^ model.. . . ~~ Practical Sweepers 9-'u^7so 13-in., 51.50 ia»i r «»**-•
* Skin Animals and Cart Cows, no platform. 25c, soc, 75c Lmp, turret, etc. fc^U.UU JSc 90c They do Good Work 11-faZ $t \4^52.00 Sk hh
g» Horse and Cart, 81.00, $1.25, $1.50, J ..... &*-r.uu
ft 52.00, 82.50. /Vwf/Hmwywr j i. • : . .• r ,. ;^ I '"s : ":'— '^ ., ; -'.. J^^
JC >pi i iummnm «— m i \u25a0 1 1 \u25a0 i r-i*l Bracket saw. complete with '' """ " beingr supplied with valves to prevent T^T 1"^1 "^ \u25a0 TIX MECnANICAI* TOYS
I *Chin 7 Tea Sets" tools and patterns on card, The Humpty Dumpty Grcus. New. novel, UpH^donkey steam engine, with STABLES. Automobile; ™£orcggte. Duck Rats.
I D.corate?Tea Self eafh^lcely dis 25C, SQo, $LOO .musing. An unbreakable toy. put up in *™ toiler, whistl,, 50c, 81.00, 81.50, Sui}la _ Cg.. Bulk^jna Rider. Fire Engine.
I arsis ta l Jw B &s%ia <**£*^iTsn i*™ combinationf ' Mch packcd v' nZ jss& avs 5 ° c > **°* v"** s j- s°i5 °i Au §^%^j^nSSs-BS^
ft 85.00, 8«-00 and 87.50. »—«,. patterns . • . .&J.OU box I . $3.00 81.50. 82.50, 83.75. 85.00. $2.50, $3.0U, $4-.5O 9 $5.0U Mule, etc., 4oc each. |
| Hand-Painted Xmas Holiday Sale of I ' Boys' Suits $4.00 I Holiday
I From An Nei wf/^fment MPd Children's Party Dresses The greatest sults we ever sold for We Ab oul 1000 pieces, of beandfui
j: Needlebooks-Howex and figure design, %%zß> About Half PHce \ price., • W3 neckwear of afl desenpbons remannng
Z 25n «Mtoii-Z/$L \u25a0. / , . , , , . o 1 • i • i i. i »l \. ±\-'-> from our annual sale ct samples be-
| Pen Wipers-Flower .nd fi^re' ££> J&m^L. %i five dozen of . these beautiful Htde Some have extra pair knickerbockers, others . \J£* ginning today and while quantise*
| ' 250 /^m\\S^\ Dresses, in all wool cashmere in the sweet- have double seat and knee. .One of these last, at :,,
» Sachets— Flower and figure designs ... / //M \\ f\ N \) *. • i TJ j v l j Suits with extra pants or the double seat will iww»\m Half PriCO
S sso, SOc,sl.2§:st.7S (FM II :|| est pmks, old rose and blue, pretty shade, , about t P he same , wear as twQ W^§& X -
I fIW If Woi f-^^y *""** f*> W ordinary suits. Hundreds of them for i- : .if« choice Creamery
3 $t.OO^ \);|w|f W cords, velvet nbbons, buckles and boys, 7to 1 6 years. Choice of pretty mix- f'.-.-.Sw S^«-!^S«
•C BookM«rks-Of dUw.pd.tedijft.w.r Ul^Wv buttons, in sizes 3, 4 and . 5 years, tures, nbbby plaids and plain <1» ft r\€\ W'-'^M^l , , ,f, .
I i&^Trfrrrrsfcs j%r/iito& l p ractical and love 'y^ (or Chtistmas and u^Ji/ihSone price...;. 54.0.0 lip n-^a, «i »
| — :y^-APP^^. icii I\A just the dresses to wear.tothe.Christmas Boys . overcoats for j'oCfeWonh $6.50= MS.. W S^^.'&S.SSSd'Sl
$ "When the Stork Comes" Book— \\^Y * ree "arty»" arty » beginning this morning. able long coats, madejE|s\ihe men's, just the style ? ! Wvi\lL have planned for our usual Friday
:«f Dainty baby designs. .. . . SGo each : 'zJ^ w i __ the boys want. Maido" from V all- wool coaling in lyf fe^'feafl? and Saturday Butter Sale. Fresh
\ ?X^°: y : S %2S^ to 46 S $3.50 Oxford Aad.ve.ve.cAr.behb.ck or p^ex^ra ff "W l| churned cr f aLcry BBu te . a, » o
5 Doily Books S2.soeach I fflf to * b tor \u25a0«!***• vY we a tailored; sizes 7to ,13 years, for SS^QOwilh if Si usual, regular squares . .
Jf Handkerchief Books . . $2.50 each \?l|. '* * **'*•• • • -V • • • .yvivvwiui M 9 \u25a0 |j Boiled Ham* — Kingan's, regularly
S Doily Cases— "RolhtyV $1.75 each Vpl Values Up ti>CT (\f\ IF >Y3 Boys' Reefers lor $s.oo— Worth $6.00; fine blue CXtra Jj 35 C H, special Ib 2ffo
» Center > PiweCases 7 Roll |^ t^^ 'tft 1^ toslofor V"»VV it J or rough cheviot, naVy blue; -also covert cloths, fent^g® M Sardins— D & a Boneless, dozen,
fe' Satlii HandkerchieVciove and Cra- U"^^ „ % f$ . All have emblems on sleeves; regula- ff AA ***^ £$ $1.65; tin.. fso
ft vat Cases $1*75 each >£/ "~~ — 'm v tion gilt or black buttons; sizes 2^3 to 10 *k^»"" (5^ Sardines — D &G. Brand 12j£c
g Hand-Painted Opera Glass^B^gs Holiday Sale Of I^^^ " •' \u25a0""'•'"*"'"" ma dmSMOj iS* .' .Mo
j: $2.75, $3.66, $3.75 "$5.00 $5 Umbrellas, $2.58 -VWt--' Gifts for Boys Men's Trousers s °^ ppsp n s
5[ Hand-Embroidered ... , . ///z7 ( a ? Engraved Free. If Boys' Bath Robes-Made like the menV New Spring Styles piim n 'puddini-^G:'&b!b 6». Mb.
* Gnntf We bought several hundred handsome handles of M. M Worth $3.00 and $3-50 .... $1.8 5 , * *» * 2 0o; 2 lbs. 38o; 3 1b ... Sso
%r-4. m mi, . j Sterling and German Silvers, Gun Metal, Ivory and fl | *>O Roys* Mufflers — Embroidered end. — The new Spring styles are here— weights that 60c Teas— All Baron, special Ib .. 450
J Center Pieces-None but the best worV : . p ear j trimmed with silver, in the newest and most \ i M black and all colors-just what the boy. «c just right for CaKfomia yeairoimd. Orer M««l«ette Rye Whiskey-Bot. 740
$ $3.50, 55.66, Tup °'$35.a6 attractive shapes, fitted them to paragon frames, with it W want 750 . dozen different styles. Some of the price. Port or Sherry-5-year.oUwmes.
g Pillows-$3.50 to $20.(*>. a specially fine best Union Taffeta tape- edged coverings, making Z/im j§ Boys' White Laundered Sh!rts-All $2.5Q, $3.00, $3.50, $4.00, Sauterne or' Reisling-Good dinner
£ assortment .at $5.00 to $10.00 each up Umbrellas worth $4 and $5 apiece, and Q Q C[O .^Sf Sltt iW sizes, 12 to 14. Our spcaal. .. • SOO $5.00 v^-ines, instead of 75c gal 620
%' Picture Frames .... $3.75 each will put them on sale, beginning this morning, at t|7.^»OO <%fIM W^irA Boys' Neckwear— Extra good quality. Old Crow Whiskey— The g-nnine $4 per
j» Work Bags $3.75 each The above are ladies' 2 6-inch Umbrellas. %W H^ 11 . four-in-handj, Windsors— over 100 pretty Everything for Evening Dress— gal. quaKtyfor .. .' $3.25
I ,Z™ S * PiVcushfoS-Ilt SM |Wi :75o to i^S p^? or Full Dress Suits p^ S S^c^ 'cf^
J assortment for 25c and SOo b^wor^ $3 5^ speciaf to Xse .?-.-S2iOO T/l'* H Boys'. Suspenders .. . WOXoSOo from .$30.00 to $45.00 pints. $5; single bottle ..... SOo
g! a ; : 1 — — -J — ' — ; ; — \ »
ADAMS' CHECKS
ARE WORTHLESS
Eepresentative of San Fran
cisco Business House Is
Under Arrest at Honolulu
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HONOLULU, Dec. 14.— Fred S. Adams,
who Is now being detained at the police
station pending an investigation of cer
tain check and draft operations on his
part while in Honolulu, comes of promi
nent people in San Francisco.
Adams came .here about four weeks
ago from Apia, where he had been in
vestigating a pipe line system for a num
bvc ot Baa Francisco people. He was
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL 1 , FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1905.
taken in charge by Detective Lake on
complaint of George Andrews, manager
of the Union Grill. Adams gave Andrews
two checks— one for $15 and another for
$20-on Bishop & Co.'s bank in payment
for meals, receiving change in addition.
He had no account with the bank at the
time. Adams admits that ho gave An
drews the checks, but claims he had been
drinking considerably beforehand.
It was reported that Adams had given
Fred Kiley a draft for $500, receiving part
of the money in advance. This he denies
emphatically. Accompanied ! by Kiley he
made out a draft on Adams & Co. of San
Francisco, and took it to Bishop & Co.
for collection. He admits owing Kiley
about $140. Most of this was : for trade
with a few cash advances.
Adams claims to hive an interest of
$10,000, the remainder of a fortune of
$160,000 left him by his father, in the cor
poration known as Adams & Co. Jtle says
that; he cannot draw on the 'amount,
however, without permission of- his rela
tives and members of the. organization. •
There may be a want ad. printed to
day which is "hunting«a'Job" for a man
who ought to have been- working for
you for year* , v/
PACKERS RELY
ON GARFIELD
Commissioner of Corpora
tions Is Siibpenaed by De
fense in Beef Trust Cases
CHICAGO, Dec. 14.— Three; Jurors, two
of whom are' carpenters and one a real
estate dealer ; from the interior ; of the
State, have been accepted by both the
Government and the defendant packers'
lawyers ln^tti&" L b6et trust" case now be
fore 'J- Judge.' Humphreys. Considerable
difficulty in securing" competent (men - ; is
being - met ; with ; and ; during : to-day's-ex-
amlnatlon; of vehir emen - clashes between
opposing counsel were frequent. When
court adjourned to-night each side had
exhausted three' of its seven peremptory
challenges. ;
It developed to-day that Commissioner
of Corporations James R. Garfleld and his
chief assistant, Dr. E. .A. Durand, have
practically become witnesses for the de
fense, inasmuch as Garfleld has been
served with subpenaduces tecurn, issued
at the instance of. the defense, to produce
every book, paper, record or report he has
now, or did have, and bo ready to testify
concerning it. By this it is declared the
defense will endeavor to show that Gar
fleld-has sworn statements in his posses
sion which were made by the packers dur
ing Commissioner Garfleld' s investigation
of * the business methods of the ."beef
trust" and that in view of this fact the
packers have gained immunity, from crim
inal prosecution. 1
Get Your \u25a0 Clothlnc Now.
,$9 85 ', will buy either a $20 suit or
overcoat.!' The Brown clothing stock of
New York is on sale. Men's stylish gar
ments i intended •: to » be • retailed f or > $2 0
are now being sold for $9,85, at Herman
Lesser's.' 1057 Market St., op. . Jones. ,• •
DISCOVERS TOOTH
GEOWINCt IN NOSE
Doctor Makes Strange Find
: When Treating Patient
for Catarrh.
Sceclal Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Colo., Dec. 14.— What Robert
McWilliams supposed was an aggravated
case of nasal catarrh proved to have
been caused by a tooth growing In his
nose. The discovery was made yesterday
by Dr. N. A/' Johnson, who removed the
tooth, which had takea the wrong track
and grown up through the gum instead
of down.
i McWilliama came to Colorado from
Ohio several year! ago in- hope of being
cured of a bad case of catarrh. He re
ceived no relief. Within the : last . few
.weeks a growth in the nasal passage
commenced to annoy him and yesterday
ttie pain * was 'so great that it nearly
drove him crazy. He sought Dr. Johnson,
who, found a hard , whit© , grow th. protrude
ing - in J . the air passage. - Cocaine was
used, after which the doctor applied his
forceps . and removed a tooth nearly an
Inch In length.
Open evenings until Christmas. ~Th« public
cordially invited. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
MANZANITA IX FANCT DKES&—Mari
zanita Council No. 49 of th« r>gr©« of Poca
hontas will give a fancy droas ball to its mtta
bers and their friends In ths Odd Fellows"
building this evening under the direction of
the social committee.
Cnrinel-Dy-The-Se:». Saturday t* Mon
day, $8.73.
Th» above low rate includes round-trl&
ticket from San Francisco, carriage drive to
Pine Inn Hot«I and accommodations at the
hotel. Half tickets. $3 25. Further particulars
of Boatbem Pacific agent
Tor Infants and CMldien. -
The Kind You Ha?e Always Bough!
56
MAKES REPLY
TO SOCIALISTS
Prince yon Bulow Denies
Emphatically That Kaiser
Entertains Warlike Plans
DEFEXDS GERMAX BULER
Says Nation's Foreign Policy
Is Not Calculated .to
Disturb Peace of World
BERLIN". I>pc. 14.— 1n the Reichstag to
day Prince yon Bulow the Imperial
Chancellor, replying to the criticism of the
Socialists that G<Tmany's foreign policy
was calculated to disturb the peace of the
world repelieo empirically the assertion
that the Gorman Kmperor, who for
eighteen years had given so many proofs
of his honest Jove of peace, was in any
way a disturber of that peace. During
the past surntr.'er, s^-id the Chancellor,
while the Emperor was in Denmark,
among the ncj.spai*?r clippings sent to
him from Germany was one containing
the word* "Enperoc- William has no
warlike planf. That lies in the nature of
things and in ins character of the peo
ple over whos» hcaa the Kmperor is
placed."
The Chancellor said that»the Emperor
wrote on the margin of this clipping:
•'Rljrht. as 1 s?.mi literally to-day to the
King of Penmt Vx"
The reabon so C3a:iy Englishmen believe
that Germany is a disturber of the
prace. said the was to be
found In the-fsctehe? ot the- Socialists,
which so misrepresent Germany's ruler.
Herr Behel, the Socialist leader, who
preceded Prince \*>n Buiow. referred to
the orders of l-jeytenant General yon
Trotha. commander of the troops in ser
man Southv. - e?i Africa, as unworthy of a
civilized nation. He said that Germany's
oolor.ial policy sin tc IS9B, as shown by
a cJerical organ, has cost the couutry
J200.000.000.
I.a Follettr's Bills Defeated.
MADISON, Wir,.. Dec. 14.— The Assem
bly to-day refined to consider the bill
for a cumulative primary election plan.
This finally end\s the fight against the
measure, the pai-sage of which was be
lieved to have ba*?n one of the chief ob
jects of the extra session of the Legis
lature. The otheV bills urged by Gov
ernor I^a Follette< have nearly all been
defeated.
I I
AND PAY FOR IT
] NEXT YEAR
CHILD'S
j'9RA T T A N
j R O O X E R —
I iMMMJM Just »ke the
for tho little
one that's just
1 1 ifg§g|ljgl J Illte mother's.
I it***/?// r town for $2.
a "" "\u25a0\u25a0 f Our Christmas
nf^Mt i * Credit price,
j $1.25
A *7J5» MABOOAXIZED BIRCH
ROCKER— With ions- curv^S
rockers and arm rests; a very
comfortable easy chair for the
parlor or living; room. Special
Christmas Credit price on this
. Ro ? ker .! 8 .::;:;;:;: $4.75
"SggSFt*? JL &*Z Aa ™k
* Mission style; worth every cent
of $1.00; our Christmas Credit
price for this week is.. Aczs*
MAHOOAJfr TABLE— With 84-
lnch top and French carved
less; the shelf underneath the
Table Is about 20 Inches square;
. the top of the Table real ma-
hogany, highly polished. Worth
$7.50. At the special Christ-
mas Credit price of JA *^O
Every Saturday ni*ht from 7 to
3 0 we have one special that Just
happens to hit what the people
want. This week it's an ORI-
ENTAL NTJT BOWL, carved
with designs as shown In the
cut. 25c for three (8) hours
Saturday nlgrht, December 1«.
CREDIT.
Our afore la a little Ant of tfce
way. hut oar rent In low find yen
«re entitled to credit at caah
prices. Oar Cfarlntmaa Credit
mmi hur »ow and pay for It
next year.
Eastern
Outfitting Co.
1320 to 1323 Stockton St.
HOLIDAY GIFTS
Opera, Race and Field
Glasses, Lorgnettes, Spec-
tacles, Kodaks and Cameras.
'
105 MONTGOMERY ST.
HEAB SUITER' OPR OCCIDENTAL HOTEL^
KODAK AGENCY-PHOTO SUPPLIES
WHOLESALE SLAUGHTER OF GERMANS IMMINENT
LITHUANIAN PEASANTS PLAN A MASSACRE
RUSSIAN* OFFICERS ANT> SOLDIERS IN MOSCOW MARCHING WITH A PROCESSION OF REVOLUTIONISTS, BEARING TO
THE GRAVE THB BODY OF A. STUDENT AGITATO* KILLED IN A COMBAT BETWEEN RIOTERS AND COSSACKS
ON THE STREETS OF THE ANCIENT CAPITAL.
NOBLEMAN OF BALTIC SLAIN
AND HIS BODY FED TO DOGS
Assistant Chief of the Riga District Is Atrociously
Murdered by Revolutionists.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 13.— The Gov
ernment Is sending Beveral columns of
troops to the Baltic provinces of Esthonla
and Courland and to Riga. In response to
appeals from the German Embassy de
manding: the protection of German sub
jects the Government nas replied that
ample troops were now on th,e. -way to
Insure the protection of all foreigners.
August yon Hennings, a prominent mem
ber of the Baltic nobility and Assistant
Chief of his district, was atrociously mur
dered at hfe residence near Riga by a
revolutionary band. Two dragoons who
were detailed to g^iard the residence also
were killed. A servant, who walked sixty
miles to catch a train, brought the de
tails of the horribl* event to Bt. Peters
burg.
According to the sen-ant, the revolu
tionaries demanded that Yon Hennings
give up his sword. On being told that,
as an officer, he could not surrender with
honor, the revolutionaries shot him. Sub
sequently his head was hacked off and his
body cut to pieces and fed to the dogs.
1L Bompard, the French Embassador,
who returned suddenly a fortnight ago
on account of the crisis, has left for Paris,
and it is understood that he is the bearer
of Information for his Government. At
the embassy, however, it was Jald that
the departure of the Embassador had no
significance/ as he had only gone to finish
an Interrupted vacation. .
A message from Moscow, reoelved by
telephone, says that, according to reports
received there, Kantonlus, the Bishop of
Volhynia, in Southwest Russia, Is In
structing the priests to calm the agita
tion In that section of the country. Nev
ertheless, It is said, some of the priests
are inciting the population against Jews,
Poles and students as enemies of the
country. (
The Council of Workmen has Issued the
following address: ;
"We extend our most sincere sympathy
to our brothers, the soldiers and sailors at
Sebaetopol and elsewhere, whose blood
has been united with, ours in the common
cause. We call upon the proletariat to
work with redoubled enerry for an armed
revolt which will liberate tho people."
General Grtpenberg 111.
PARIB, Dec. 15.— The St. Petersburg-
To make the delicious
qualities of the famous
BANDAKELLIE TEA
still better known
. we will -serve
DAINTY AFTERNOON TEA
This week Free of
Charge at' ovr Tea
Parl or •
305 Stockton St.
k^ j
'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15. 1905
correspondent of the Figaro in a dis
patch dated December 14 says that
General Grlpenberg is suffering from
paralysis.
CHRISTIANS DEFEND JEWS.
Men of Antagonistic Faitbs Fight Side
by Side In Odessa.
BOSTON, Dec. 14.— Forty-three Rus
sian refugees were brought here to
day by the Cunard Line steamship Iver
nia, which arrived from Liverpool.
Among them were Included men, wo
men and children. They came from
Riga, Vilna, Kieff, Odessa and Kovno.
All. had escaped by various methods
after having fled from their homes on
account of the disturbances there.
Two me.n; Ephrlam Grolstascher, a
butcher, i and. Joseph Dubovsky, a wood
carver,i.DqtnVof Odessa, seemed to be
the leaders of the refugees. They had
left Odessa attthe time of the disturb
ances;'atte'ndirigf^ the promulgation of
the .Emperor's,fimanifesto in October.
They .~;desffltibed£the sceneß •at Odessa
as those oxfa. general butchery In which
police, Cossacks; and a rabble partici
pated on the one hand and" Jews and
Christians who were called upon to "de
fend themselves _-.-', on the other. . The
fury of the mob did not seem to be di
rected wholly, against the Jews, bHit
many, of -that faitu -became victims,
while Christians and students who, in
many cases, were neighbors and friends
of the Jews, assisted in defending them
and were killed. The refugees esti
mate that the. victims numbered 10,000
during the week following the Tues
day nearest our November 1. . ' "
In the; midst j of the disturbances,
Russian, gunboats fired upon the city,
apparently for the purpose of intimi
dating the insurrectionists, and consid
erable damage resulted.
REVOLT FAST SPREADING.
Rlft-a and Vendon Districts Entirely In
Hands of Insurgents. -\ |~
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 18.— The
Government's • advices to-day from the
Baltic provlnces'forwarded part of the
way from Riga by courier, are of the
most alarming character. Bands of
thousands of . Lettish , peasants are
roaming the country/ln the vicinity of
Riga putting the torch to the bouses
on all the estates and even threatening
the town of Riga itself. The districts
of Riga and Vendon are entirely in the
hands of the insurgents. The revolt is
spreading to all parts of Courland. .'All
railway communication with Riga is
cut off. The Insurgents have seized a
number* of stations on the three rail
roads leading from that city and are
advancing against others. : .. .•-\u25a0.'
According 1 to the ' Government's j Infor
mation all sailors from -the commercial
steamships In' the. harbor of Rlguthave
joined \u25a0\u25a0 the strike. -"> The Government
claims that the. troops there are loyal,'
though inadequate. \u25a0: . , : ; .
Tho> situation ; is bad> also •at-Mitau, :
where,' on December 11, the troops fired
on- the. rioters. - 7 <\u2666 : :
,- Many of the: German landlords who
have not fled' from v the" Baltic. provinces
are establishing,-^* network -\ of "small
forts and are standings a : ; regular, selge;
There has- been- much -'killing \ and
burning. . . . -
Mutiny en the Czarevitch.
COLOMBO. Ceylon, Deo. 14,— One
hundred Russians on board the Rus
sian battleship Czarevitch in the harbor
here revolted today. Military assist
ance was asked for and sent and fifty
of the mutineers were taken ashore.
CZAR STANDS BY DE WITTH. _
Reactionist Campaign Aeatnst the Pre-
mier Has Failed.
ST. PETERSBURG, Wednesday,-mid
night, Dec. 13.— According to reports from
Tsarskoe-Selo the reactionary campaign,
headed by General Count Alexis Igna
tleit and M. Steschinsky, formed to ef
fect the downfall of Count de Witte and
to create a dictatorship, has failed and
his Majesty is standing, firmly by the
Premier.
M. Menshlkoff, tho* well-known writer,
who is close *touch j with the Count, is
out with a strong article demanding the
inauguration of an aggressive fight
against the revolution, before . It la too
late. M. Menshikoff says:
"The revolutionaries openly. .send emis
saries and do not conceal their intentions.
They act In the full light of day, while
the Government works in secret. The
Government, it is true, has cannon, but
perhaps only for the present, while they
ar« not necessary. When they are need
ed none can guarantee that they will not
be In the possession of the revolution
aries.
"The present anarchy and suspense are
due to the inaction of the Government.
De Witte, like Kuropatkin, not only per
mits the enemy to arm and to concen
trate his forces, but to make his dispo
sitions and to choose the moment for
giving battle. Such tactics will no more
win in Russia than they did In Manchu
ria." v
-The balance sheet of the Government
for the first eight months of the current
year makes a fairly favorable showing.
The expenditures totaled $991,600,000, In
cluding $394,000,000 for those of an extra
ordinary character. The receipts were
$1,006,000,000, Including $358,000,000 from the
proceeds of loans, etc. The ordinary re
ceipts -were $39,500,000 In excess of those
for 1904, and th© ordinary expenditures
$8,500,000 less. ;.;:
The explanation offered for the mania
which has seized the peasants In many
provinces to cut down forests, both pub
lic and private, is ,that the mujlks j have
been made to believe that the Emperor
has declared a division of the arable land
and that > he desires to bring, the forest
lands into , that: category. -
The latest class to organize is the'ehim
ney sweeps., They have decided that It
will be Impossible for them to work with
out the promulgation of a constitution.
MANY WOUNDED IX LODZ.
Roughs Attack Jewish: Residents and
Are Fired Upon by Cossacks.
;; LODZ, Russian Poland/; Dec. 14.— A
band of roughs this afternoon attacked
Jewish shops and . residents' In ' Zeilczna
street. Fighting ensued,^ and^ twenty
persons wero wounded I with -\u25a0 knives "-, or
revolvers." ' Cossacks were then- sum
moned 'and, dispersed "Ithe 'rioters -by
firing: a volley which 'resulted in .the
wounding of many /more: •
Concession to Unions.
ST. PETERSBURG, - Dec. .; 14.— The
Cabinet ; has .decided that in;, future
un lons ; of workmen ; can be ;j dissolved
only, by: Judicial^ procedure f and (not -by
exeoutlve "authority, as heretofore,:'
Houses of Riga Are
"Transformed Into
Fortresses.
Troops May Join in
the Carnival of
Murder.
Intended Victims Are
Denied Opportu
nity to Escape.
STOCKHOLM. Dec. 15.-The Dagen's
Nyhelers correspondent, who returned
here to-day from Kiga, says:
"The Letts, constituting -""a majority
of the population of Livonia, control
the situation there. Their leader, M.
Jahonson, editor of the Deenas Lapas,
is also the head of the Federated Revo
lutionary Societies and has command
of everything:. Their hatred of tae
German speakingr population, which is
unrelenting, is caused by~years of op
pression on the part of the German no
bility. \u0084
"The peasants around Riga are burn
ing; entittes and murdering land own
ers. 'I'h*- Germans of Itlsa expect a
St. Bartholomew's night, und it is evi
dent that the Letts are preparing for
a wholesale slaughter.
•'The central part of Riga can be pro
tected at. the bridKes, if the army be
true. In each block one house has been
prepared as a fortress in which to
shelter the Germaas vrhen the massa
cre is begun. Besides this, ithe house
holders have established various places
of refuse
"Murders are committed in broad
daylight, mostly for revenge, and the
police are afraid to Interfere. The
Governor General does not dare com
mand "the troops, not knowing whether
they will obey orders.
"Several country communities have
established republics, intending: later to
confederate into a Baltic republic. : -
"The revolutionaries are preparing
an Irresistible strike for January, and
the workmen are being armed.
"The revolutionaries have refused to
allow either Germans or Russians to
leave Livonia."
The correspondent says he fears that
the deep hatred felt by tho Letts for
the German nobility and German cap
italists will lead to an awful calamity.
WEAK-MINDED BOY
LVHERITS $2 ? 000 ? 000
Wealth of Millionaire Who
; Died Intestate Goes to
; Grandson.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SARATOGA, N. V.. Dec 14.— Billings
Sherman, .the 12-year-old son of John C.
Sherman of ' Greenwich, "Washington
County, N. V., enjoys the distinction of
being the wealthiest lad of his age in
Northern New York, but his sad men
tal condition Is such that he can hardly
appreciate' the big fortune that has just
come into his possession.
His mother, Mrs. Jeannie H. Billings-
Sherman, who died several • years ago,
was a daughter of Joseph Billings, a mil
lionaire,' who died at the age of 78 years
on December 8, at his home in Northum
berland, Saratoga County. He was a
widower, /his wife, Mrs. Eliza I Harrls-
Billlngs, having been murdered 25 years
ago.
Millionaire Billings was twice tried for
his Hf© but .no conviction was ever
reached. He left no will and conse
quently his entire' estate, valued at
$2,000,000, passes to his grandson. Billings
Sherman. ,'
The millionaire's two sisters— Mrs. El
len Boyce of Bacon Hill and Mrs. Fran
ces Cramer of this place— who are ad
vanced in years and who are far from
being in v affluerit circumstances, received
nothing.
Small ad. advertisers can only be cer
tain of their ads. appearing in Sunday's
Call — Cbrttrtmus Edition — upon the
early delivery of their copy at this of
fice. No ads. Trill be received later thaa
7 o'clock Saturday nisrht.
KAISER PROMISES TO AID
THE CHINESE GOVERNMENT
Would Take Prompt Action If Other
Powers Were to Petze
; j Territory.
LONDON, Deo. 14.— According to th«
correspondent- of the Daily Telegraph at
Tokio the Chinese Minister at Berlin has
notified his Government that Prince yon
Bulow, the German Imperial Chancellor,
told him that if the other powers should
seize Chinese territory the Emperor of
Germany would Immediately come to the
help of China.
IT v/ Cvw VtO
We have nothing to conceal; no secrets
to hide! We publish^ thevformulas
of all our medicines. You will
find these in Ayer's Almanac for
1906 f or write us and we will send,
them to you. Then show the formulas
to your doctor, and ask him what
he thinks of them. »If he says they
! are good medicines, then use them.
i I,f *he has anything better, then use
his. Get well as soon as you can,
j that's. the point! -"- £S&t£i"
I; FOR FRIDAY...
Direct, from the largest, orange grove in Oroville.
They are as sweet as honey and for a little money.
Vsfl Apiece or 4^ a Dozen
I isSES^ THE PRICE CUTTER..-
I Sale Starts at 01/1 M/inlro4> £+ On] y So!d to
i 10 O'Clock a. m. 010 lYlUriiSv Oi« Women Folks
What You Read of in Our Ad. Ycuil Find In Cur Store.
I k. i i.i \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 i MiiMMiintimnrTnnfniiTTr~niii -^
CIVIL SERVICE
LEAGUE MEETS
National Body Convenes at
Milwaukee and Listens
to Interesting Reports
MILWAUKEE, Wls., Deo. 14.— The ;
twenty-fifth annual meeting of the Na- J
tionaJ Civil Service Reform League \u25a0
opened in Milwaukee to-day. Much regret
was expressed at the absence of Secre
tary of the Navy Bonaparte, who was
to have been the chief speaker.
President Charles Van Hist of the
University of Wisconsin welcomed the
gathering. . . .
Richard Henry Dana of Boston re
plied to the words of welcome, after
which he Introduced Samuel E. Sparling,
president of the Wisconsin Civil Service
Commission, who spoke on the subject
"Civil Service Reform In the West."
William B. Moulton, president of the
Civil Service Commission of Illinois, read
a paper on the same subject.
The annual report of the council was
read to-night by Richard Henry Dana
of Boston. The report in part is as fol
lows:
The most notabl* event of -the year In the
United States la the successful revolt against
boss rule In politics, as exemplified In so many
parts of the country. Am the lustration to
civil sen-ice reform la to free th« country from
the boss, this event Is a source of Kreat joy
to nm who have labored so lon* In tho good
cause. But with our satisfaction there comes
to all serloua minded men the fear lest tne
people, content with victory, will lapse into
Inactivity W« have seen similar revolts be
fore with no permanent Improvement. W»
have turned out * Tweed, and In cam* a
Croker. Out went Crolcer, and In moved Mur
phy We abolished some particular bow w»
removed, the man. but we kept th» conditions
which made the man what he was.
As to future work, we ouiht to secure In
States which have civil servlc* law» the ex
tension of the merit system to some higher
municipal and other positions now exempted
by law. For tho National Government we
hope to see the fourth class postmasters, or at
least the hlffher grade of them, put under the
merit system.
EAKTH FREEZES ABOUT
A WOUNDED DEIVEB
Ax Is Used to Free Injured
Man From Painful Pre
dicament.
ED«c!al Dispatch to Th» C«1I.
I..EWISTON, Idaho, Ttec 14.— Although
his body had to be cut from the frozen
ground with an ax after he had fallen
from his wagon and the wheel* had
passed over his arm. Oliver H. Calvin, a
farmer, living near Russell, walked three
miles to Greer to have his wound
dressed. Greer physicians said the
mangled arm should be amputated, but
Calvin protested and was brought to
Lewiston Hospital this morning. There
is a chance of saving the member pro
vided blood poisoning does not set In.
The accident happened on Clearwater
grade yesterday. Calvin, who was driv
ing four horses, fell under the wheels of
the wagon.
Thentrfcal Relics Itrlns Good Prices.
L.OXDCX. Dec. 14. — The sale of the
late Henry Irvine's theatrical relics at
Christies to-day attracted lively atten
tion. A Malaccaian which had be
longed to Garrlck brought 5210. and a
plain grold rlns worn by Garrlck was
sold for $215. The sword Irving wore
as Richard 111 went for $158, and a flint
lock platol v"cd In the character of
Peter the Great was knocked down at
$155. Fifty small lota netted $5000.
PI~\XS STAADIAG AU.HY
OF .STRIKK-BRE.IKEUS
Chirac* Employers* Association to E»
tabllsh Bureaus In AH Large
Cities.
CHICAGO, Dec. 14.— The Chicago Em
ployers' Association, at a meeting to-day,
formulated plans for the establishment of
a standing army of laborers, both skilled
and unskilled and representing every
branch of trade, to be prepared to go Xo
any city in the United States to fill the>
places of strikers when necessary.
The scope of th« association will b« ex
tended so as to Include every city In the)
United States with a population of 50,000
<jr more. Employment bureaus will be>
maintained in all cities of this -class
wherte non-union workmen can register,
and when the occasion arises these- men
will be used to take the place of striker*.
California Calendars for 1904.
California Poppy. PoinsettLa. Chinese, Bed-»
wood and all other new and Interesting caltaKV.
dars. Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market at. • J
STEEL CORPORATION BUYS
VAST ORB LuIXDS TRACT
Consummates One) of the Blgffest Deal*
In the History of the Mesaba
Iron Range,.
DULUTH. Minn.. Dec. 14.— On© of tho
biggest mining deals In th© hl3tory'of
the Mesaba Iron Range waa consum
mated to-day when the transfer of a
half interest in what are known as th<*
J. J. Hill unleased ore lands on th« West
ern 'Mesaba Range was formally made to
the United States Steel Corporation.
The principal part of tho unleased ore
lands on this range comprises a vaat
acreage on the west end of the Mesaba.
known as the Walker lands. These lands
have been variously estimated to contain
from 100,000,000 to 300,000.000 ton* of ore*
running about half Bessemer. •
Gfesisp Prices i
Chrna Crockery!
Dolls Glassware
Christmas r
Holiday Goods
COME EARLY • f
See Onr Tempting Prkes
Great American liac^dsg Tea Co. ;
SAN FRANCISCO STORESi
BGI Market St. 31S Sntter St.
140 ©th St. 473 Hnfjtht St.
i4»j ntu st. 3oo«ietßSt. I
SS.% Hayri St. S2SS Ml«f«lo« St.
206 3d St. 1733 34th St-^ '•«
2516 Mlaslob St. 1532 talon St. '
705 l.arkla M. 631 .Monts'ry St.
2UOS FUlmore. 405 4th St.
52 .Mnrkct St. 15 VJ Devtiader.
1419 Polk St. i
OAKLAND STORES I g
10.^3 A\'a«hlns'a. 11S5 23d At«w
1510 7th St. 81S E. 12tk St.
2141 Center St.. Berkeley. f
1355 Park 5t.. Alameda. I,
Our 100 stores {
help us to help you
tpr-HPffQs?^B wrT T^B«i!fSTTl^n^ir7n i> i^7niß^nir
THB :'\u25a0 [ I >-
Los Angeles Times
• SAX FRANCISCO OOTTCB
13 NOW rN \
Room 41, Chronicle Bids*
Telephone Main I«7X
Arthnr U Fish, v Representative
Tne Times la tne afivertlstni \
. medium of tb« Southwest.
'-. :.\u25a0 \u25a0 ' \u25a0- \u25a0" ' " -fe . \u25a0 .' .;
HOTEL ST. FRANCIS
Snnday Evenlac T , ablg d'Hote.
Will be served In the white and "
gold room every Sunday Evening
at 6:30 o'clock.
$2.50 per plate. , Ilaber'a Orchestra
Reservations may be made with
the Maitre d'HoteL
O -^
DIIUOriJLO era. bootblacks, bath.
brewers, bookbinders, candy'^nakw.^ca^ir^!
dyem Hour mllla. foundries. laundries Swi
banKCTs. printers, painters, shoa factories ,££(.
blemen. tar-roofer% tanners. Uitors. «tk- ,p
BCCHAXAX BUOSh ""
Pru»h Manwfactarrra.eOQ Sacramento Ht
IA/. X. HESSi'
; Tenth .*&,. boo. ™^*frj^
Residence. ISO 2 McAllister «t.
. »«n.^ m-i— hnn< Yun MiLBRUTAL ROBBER
BLINDS VICTIM
Frank Gullikson. a Youth, Is
Arrested for the Hold-Up
of William Branskey Mead
DENIES HE IS GUILTY
Roommate Makes Statement
Which Leads Police to Be
lieve They Have Right Man
fiince lapt Friday night, when William
Branrkey Mead was held up and robbed
cf %Z C 5 and his valise near the Four
itUe House, South San Francisco, the po
lice have been diligently searching for the
footpad. What spurred them on is the
fact that Mead lost the sight of. one eye
from the- blow he received, and will in all
probability lose the sight of the other.
Yesterday Mounted Policeman Callahan
and Gaughran arrested Frank Gullikson
and Pete Olsen, who live together In a
room in South San Francisco, on suspi
cion of being implicated in the hold-up,
and brought them to the City Prison.
Captain Burnett detailed Detectives Bun
ner and Frcel to interview the two sus
pects.
They questioned Gullikson first. He de
nied that he knew anything about the
robbery, but finally ssid that he met
Mead in Mrs. Florentine's saloon, and
had been drinking with him till shortly be
fore 6 o'clock, when Mead left. Gullikson
said he left a few minutes later, but
did not acain see Mead.
Olsen was then questioned and admitted
that while h« was talking with a friend
on Friday night, Guliikson came up to
tnem and called him aside and told him
to go to a certain place and see if he
could find anything that had been dumped
cut of a valise. Gullikson said he had
"slugged" an old fellow, and had taken
some coin and a valise from him, but he
did not think there was anything worth
while In the valise. When Gullikson was
informed of what Olsen had said he mere
ly replied that Oisen did not know what
he v,&b talking about.
Gullikson wiil be charged with robbery
and Olsen will be detained as a witness.
Gullikson Is IS years of age and got Into
trouble before when he was 10 years old.
Mead is at the City and County Hospital.
J ftmall aid. advertisers can only be cer-
Ivlu of their ads. appearing: la Sunday**
Call — Christinas edition — upon the
early delivery «f their copy at this of
fice. .No odh. will be received later than
7 o'clock >aturtluy nieht.
JIROU GOES TO SLEEP
AND IS UEPRIMAXDED
Mgfct Watchman Kinds That a Man
Cannot Remain Awake Day
and Xlffbt.
Yesterday afternoon Charles H,
Aigeltinger. a night watchman, fell
asleep while sitting as a Juror In the
suit brought by Mary Slattery against
Rev. Father John Pius Murphy to set
aside deeds executed by the late Kath
erine Black, a sister of the plaintiff.
Judge Graham reprimanded him and
pointed out that the issues Involved
In the case were most Important and
required consideration. Aigel
tir.ger then explained that he was a
r.'.ght watchman, and Judge Graham
tald that he should have so informed
the court and he would have been ex
cused when called to serve as a Juror.
Aigeltlnger promised to keep awake,
however, so the case was proceeded
with. Father Murphy was called to
the stand and outlined the manner In
which he received the deeds from Mrs.
Black. He said she sent for him and
taid that ehe would like to leave her
property to the church, and a few days
later he received the deeds from her.
He denied that he unduly Influenced
her. He will be cross-examined to-day.
ADVERTISEMEyTS.
The Leaven
of Righteousness
C* Eve t y man, since
men came out of the
forests, has seen the
compelling; power of kind-
ness work its miracles in the
world. . . . And yet —so
curiously are we constructed
— whenever the mustard
seed of some man's faith in
decency does grow in a com-
munity and blossom there
..... we stand ag-ape at
the ancient time-worn spec-
tacle, and call our neighbors
to witness*' the marvel of
these modern times."
Preface to William Allen
y White's article on Folk in
* December McClure's Maga-
• zinc. Don't you want to
read the rest of it?
All news stands, ICe, $1 a year
McQurc's Magazine
44-60 East 23d Street, NEW YORK
Halfmoon Bay
BUY ACRES
SFI I f OTS
This Is a Chance!
42 acres, the cream of the
t shore, for $350 per acre.
Grasp the opportunity.
X '
D, W. Carmiciiael Co.
232 Montgomery Street
2543 Mission Street
MAID'S APPETITE
IS SHARPENED BY
RESTAURANT FARE
Her Escort Adopts Subterfuge
to Sidestep Her Hint
BUT SHE SHAMES HIS FACE
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
When she had consumed a shrimp
salad, a dozen fried oysters (large
Eastern) and a cracked crab (fully
matured) the young woman remarked
that she was impressed by the appe
tizing quality of the viands served at
the Sutter-street cafe In which she was
supping tete-a-tete with Russell Red
enbaugh, a railway clerk.
"Gracious knows!" ehe continued,
surveying the empty dishes before her,
"what I have Just eaten ought to sat
isfy any one except a glutton, and at
home the folks say I don't get away
\u25a0with enough food to keep a canary
alive."
She picked up the menu and scanned
it, and Mr. Redenbaugh suddenly de
clared that he had forgotten to ascer
tain, via telephone", the condition of
his very dear and extremely ill bach
elor friend, Joe.
"I promised to call up the doctor at
midnight, and here it is now 12:20," he
exclaimed, in tone of poignant regret.
"I wonder what Joe will think of me,
anyway? The nurse hasn't had a wink
of sleep since yesterday morning, and
if Joe can't get anybody else to relieve
her, I guess I'll have to sit up with
him. Excuse my" absence — I'll be back
in a Jiffy." he concluded, hastily moving
doorward.
"Oh, cert," she sweetly murmured.
"It's the first I've heard of poor, sick
Joe, but that's no reason you should
neglect the nurselady."
He surreptitiously winked at him
self and vanished. The wink was mir
rored, however, and she saw Its reflec
tion and pushed a bell button. To the
gentleman of color who promptly ap
peared in response to the call she ten
dered an order that made his eyes pop.
"Gimme," she said, consulting the
card, "a Saratoga fry, a quart of golden
sherry, imported, a dozen frog legs, a
small black coffee with cognac and a
pack of Imperial cigarettes."
"Yessim," gasped the waiter. "Nuffln
else, 'M?"
"I guess that will hold me for
! a while," was the drawled reply.
Mr. Redenbaugh returned with the
intelligence that it was as he had
feared — upon him devolved the duty of
relieving the nurse. "And the doctor
says I've got to go at once," ne peev
ishly added. "But I suppose you have
had enough to eat?"
"Ko; but I will in a minute or two."
As she spoke the waiter entered with
the edibles and drinkables and smoke
ables she had ordered, and Mr. Reden
baugh sank speechless into the chair he
had recently vacated.
"Now, don't you keep the nurse wait
ing and losing her sleep on my ac
count," his fair vis-a-vis cordially said
as she poured out a glass of sherry;
"Just pay the man and I'll do the rest."
The extra viands footed up to a total
of three dollars and something, and
Mr. Redenbaugh chokingly expressed
both inability and disinclination to pay
for them. While he argued with the
waiter the subject of discussion rapidly
disappeared before the lady's voracious
onslaught, and when all the food and
liquids were consumed ehe lighted a
cigarette, airily blew a cloud upward,
vociferously pronounced Mr. Reden
baugh "a cheap skate," and haughtily
swept from the apartment.
Not until he had been subjected to
the Indignity of arrest for defrauding
an innkeeper did Mr. Redenbaugh pay
the extra three dollars and something.
His companion of the early night did
not reappear, nor was the sleep-craving
nurse relieved. Police Judge Mogan
patiently heard, all the testimony and
then dismissed the case.
• • • \u2666
£?. K. Weir, conductor of an Eddy-street
car, was accused of battery, the com
plainant being Manassa Taylor (col
ored), a porter employed at McDonald's
pharmacy, on Market street, but Judge
Cabanies dismissed the case because the
tfcFt'.mony of the defendant and, his mo
tornec-r outweighed that for the prose
cution.
Mr. Taylor said he was repeatedly sub
jected to Indignity by Conductor Weir, on
whose car he rode in from the Chutes.
While he was standing upon a platform
of the vehicle and leaning against a door
the latter was abruptly slid aside by the
defendant, and when Mr. Taylor remon
strated he was roughly asked for his
fare, which he had paid. Then he leaned
against the guard gate on the closed side
cf the platform, and again the defendant
assailed him, hurling him aside and
threatening to strike him with an Iron
switching rod.
Both the conductor and the motorneer
swore that Mr. Taylor was very "sassy";
that he was not assaulted at all and
that he did not pay his fare until he had
been asked for it several times.
Ye Gee and Ah Sing, booked for va
grancy, told Judge Conlan that it was
their Jebut in the Police Court, but after
bestowing upon them an all-embracing
glance, his Honor opined they were fab
ricating. " • ,
"Don't you remember." he 6aid to them,
"that about two years ago you stood Just
where you are now standing and that I
gave you six months apiece for the of
fense with which you are again charged?"
Ye Gee shook his head and resorted to
"Xo shabbee," but Ah Sing, probably ap
preciative of the court's ability to rake
up prior convictions, allowed his features
to relinquish their expression of injured
innocence and assume that of enlighten
ing recollection.
"Ah, rce shabbee now," he said. "Slix
mon* fo* vlagesy— two yeah 'go. Two
yeah long time. Me floget. Now me
shabbee."
.Takins: the cue from his companion*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1905.
Ye Gee also suddenly recovered . his
memory.
"Two yeah dam long time 'go," he mur
mured remlniscently. "Me 'membah now.
Shx mo' fo' vlagesy. Slix mo' dam long
time."
"I'll give both of you six more to-mor
row," said the Judge.
Patrick Garvey, arrested while publicly
disrobing himself at 5:30 o'clock on Third
street, near Howard, informed Patrolman
Ruggles and also Judge Mogan that he
was a miner from Green Canyon, San
Mateo County, and the statement gave
rise to .quite an animated discugslon
among the attorneys in court as to the
material resources of San Mateo County,
come of the participants opining that
minerals of value is not of them.
"As cheese seems to bo a sterling prod
uct of the county across San Francisco's
southern boundary line," said the speak
er, "this defendant Js either a cheese
miner or a conscienceless prevaricator."
Then somebody thought of asking Mr.
Garvey himself what kind of mining he
pursued, and when he laconically replied
"Coal," the subject was abruptly dropped
and he was remanded for sentence.
"If you make it no more than ten
days," bCld Miss Ruby Young to Judge
Fritz, "I won't care so much, but I would
like to be out before Christmas."
And desnite the fact that she was a
Barbary Coaster who had oft before faced
that tribune her desire was gratified.
"I'll make it ten days, marked down
from ninety, which I intended to make it
when you reminded me that the Christ
mas spirit of benevolence Is abroad in the
land," Quoth the court.
Nlg-ht's shades were falling upon Co
lumbia Square when a policeman found
Mrs. Mary Burke reclining upon a
bench and emitting raucous nasal
trumpetings. A closer inspection of the
recumbent form disclosed to the of
ficer's gaze the fact that it was thinly
garbed, considering the frigidity of the
atmosphere. A shirtwaist, cut decol
lete hardly seemed to be en regie
while fur mufflers imparted no bodily
discomfort. V
"Giddap," he commanded, shaking
an exposed shoulder, "and tell me what
ye mean by sleeping here and catching
your death of cold." I
When she sat erect and attempted
to speak he perceived that she was
alcohollcally affected, and after button-
ing 1 her up in his overcoat he sent for
tho patrol wagon.
" Twas the rheumatlcks," she plead
ed to Judge Fritz. "Th\ doctor told me
to take sun baths, an' I was takln' one
when this policeman took me In."
"But the sun had disappeared long:
before he arrested you," said his
Honor.
"That's it," she rejoined. "Says
th' doctor, 'Mrs. Burke, th' only way
ye can cure yer rheumaticks la to wear
as little clothing as ye can with de
cency an' sit in th' sun as long as ye
can. If ye sleep while yer slttin' all
the better,' he says, 'f'r sleep keeps yer
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Seldom gets strong again with-
out help. Awake or asleep, it
never stops,~ and consequently
has no period of rest or relaxa-
tion in which to regain lost vig-
or. You should avoid exertion,
excitement and worry as much
as possible, to relax the strain,
and take Dr. Miles' Heart Cure,
which is a heart tonic, to
strengthen and restore vigor to
the heart nerves and muscles.
JThe symptoms of a weak heart
are shortness of breath, palpi-
tation, feeble or too rapid pulse,
hungry spells, hot flashes, diz-
ziness, smothering spells, pain
in heart or side;, etc.
"I had been treated for heart disease
by different physicians without any .
Improvement. Finally my doctor In-
formed me that thero was little hop«
of my ever being able to do a day's
work again. About that time a gentle-
man called upon me, and said, 'I heard
of your condition, and have conio to S
tell you that Dr. Miles* Heart Cure
Bayed my life, and I want you to try
it.' I did bo, and after a week or so
I went to my physician and told him I
had been taking Dr. Miles' Heart Cure.
He examined me and said, 'God bless
Miles' Heart Cure, -it has made - you
better In I a few days than J ever ex-
pected to see you again.' -' I am now
well, having fully regained my health
toy the use of this remedy."
B. R. LANSING, Rensselaer, N. T.
Dp. Miles' Heart Cure la sold by
your druggist, who will guarantee that
the first bottle will benefit. If It falls
he will refund -your money.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
SEEK RECORD
OF MARRIAGE
Friends of John Rush Baird
Afraid That He Had Been
Wed to Miss Euby Neil
FEAR IS DISPELLED
Girl Tells Truth Wlien Testi
fying That Slie Was Never
United With Dead Clubman
It was thot^ht for . a short time
yesterday by tho friends of John
Rush Baird, the popular young club
man who was killed by the sudden
overturning of his automobile on
Tuesday night, that he had been secretly
married to Miss Ruby Brown Nell. De
tectives went to work on the case and
looked up the records* but the discovery
was soon made that his companion on
that fatal ride had told the truth when
she said to Captain Burnett that they
were merely engaged and had not been
married. Miss Neil was brought before
tho Morse Agency yesterday afternoon
and asked a few questions, .The relatives
and friends ofJohn Baird now are satis
fied that he had nover married this pretty
young jrtrl of 19.
Baird's body was removed from- the
undertaking parlors and taken, to the
family residence at 2513 Paciflo avenue.
From there the funeral will take place
at 2 o'clock to-day. The pallbearers will
be George de Long, Thomas "E&stland,
Morris K. Davis, William Downing. Percy
Pike, Vail Bakewell, E. a Hammer and
John 8. Partridge. v .
The Coroner's jury will hold the in
quest; at 10 o'clock this morning.
HEALTH BOARD AFTER
CATCHERS OF CRABS
Dr. Rasan Finds Water ut Fisherman's
Wharf and Crab Caught Therein
Are Not Sanitary.
Dr. Ragan, the Health Officer, yes
terday afternoon analyzed a quantity of
water from Fishermen's Wharf, to
gether with a crab caught in the wa
ter. The fluid in the stomach of the
crab showedSO bacteria colonies, suffi
cient to spread germs of disease. The
Health Board intends to keep after the
crab fishermen, for- it. is believed. sickr
ness will result unless conditions are
changed.
The milk report was taken'yesterday
afternoon from eight, dairies. The
sample from the place of O. Cook, pro
prietor of the Guadalupe dairy, con
tained 666,000 colonies of bacteria,
while Ithat from Haley Bros.' place con
tained 500,000 colonies. , The best sam
ple was that submitted by Leipsic Bros.,
which contained but 30,000 colonies.
Trunks and Suit Cases.
There Is nothing new In leather goods that
you will not find In our stor»; new trunks,
suit cases, bag's and pocketbooks aro being re
ceived every day; your name In gold letters
free of charge. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market ntre«t. - • •
Suspicious Characters Arrested.
Following out Chief Dinan's instruc
tions William Anthony was arrested late
Wednesday night by Detectives Mathe
son and Mulcahy and locked up in "the
tanks" at the City Prison. He had
been prowling around in the business
district. John Thornton was arrested
by Policemen Nelson and Reed on Pa
cific street, as he is suspected of be
ing a "drunk roller." Three other men
who were with him were released yes
terday, as they proved their good char
acter.
There Is an Object Lesson
In a bottle of Evans' Ale that is worth
studying. It shows the highest mark
reached in brewing and bottling. Sher
wood & Sherwood, Distributors.
ISAAC SHAPIRO DENIES
MARKET INSPECTOR'S STORY
Folsom-Street Butcher Says He Has
Never Killed or Sold Immature
Calves.
Isaac Shapiro who conducts a butcher
shop at 937 Folsom street came to The
Call office last night to explain that
he had been placed in a bad light by
market inspectors.
"I have been In business twenty
years," he said, "and have never been
arrested nor has there ever been a war
rant for my arrest. I bought some
young calves and shipped them out of
town but never killed them or Intended
to kill them for nearly a month. They
need not watch me or publish that I
need watching, for such is not the
case."
Try the United Status Laundry. 1004
Market street. Telephone South 42». "
mind 'oft yer trouble an' helps ye t' get
rid of It."
"But the officer says you had been
drinking?"
"That's It," readily explained the
lady. "I took a couple of glasses of
beer t' quiet me nerves an' set me to
sleep. If a lady with rheumaticks
can't follow th* doctor's orders without
beln' arrested—"
"Mrs. Burke, I'm afraid that you are
prevaricating," said the Judge, "and
without any misgiving as to Its effect
upon you physically I'll give you a ten
days' ' term of imprisonment."
"Why don't ye arrest th' doctor .'that
got me into this trouble?" Mrs. Burke
demanded, but the bench ignored the
query.
•\u25a0 * *
John Derkelson, with tattered garmen
ture, unkempt hair and a discolored optic,
was given ten days -for having aimlessly
loitered at all times of day and night
wher© the horses compete at Ihgleside.
"Why don't you work?" Judge Mogan
asked him.
"Me an' work had a fallin* out a long
time ago," he answered, "an 1 we've never
been able to make up again."
"How Bid you acquire that black eye?"
."I was rubberin' troo a knothole in de
fence wile de ponies wuz sprintin, . an'
some funny guy on de odder side poked
a "cano troo the hole an" plugged me in
de lamp."
A jury in Judge Mogan's court ac
quitted John Curry, horseman, of the
charge of aggravated battery made by
D. J. Mouser of 316 Thirteenth avenue,
who alleged that the defendant .beat
him with a cane until the weapon was
broken to pieces, j Curry, admitted the
assault, but .claimed it was provoked
by the unmerited coupling of his name
with that of Mrs. de la Montanya by
Mouser. .
A Novel Christmas Gift.
There could be no more Inexpensive or ap
propriate Christmas gift than a subscription to
Sunset : Magazine.* $1 ' a", year. The . publishers
offer an ' artistic Christmas card. . designed |by
Martinez, which may i be , sent to one's f rlend3
as a graceful : and effective .way of notifying
them of , the gift ; that has been made. These
Christmas cards < may be had , by placing sub
scriptions at • Information Bureau. : 613 | Market
street; at room ; 907, 431 California irtreet; at
Elder's. 23S- Post : street, or. at Robertson's,
126 Post street. , •
Take care of your own- alleys and the
architecture of heaven will take " care of
itself.; vt" ; ". \u25a0 '"; r -i;-r-: ';:^v.x'-'; :^v.x'-' i
THIRD MAN
IDENTIFIES
M'GRATH
F. W. Willis. Says, Corpse
Lying at Oakland Morgue
Is the Body of Pugilist,
Who Was His Messmate
CORONER'S JURY CAN
NOT SOLVE MYSTERY
No Light Is Shed on Manner
in Which Sausalito Sport
Met His End on Jagged
Rocks of Railroad > Mole
. The mystery surrounding the death oi.
Francis H. McGrath, whose body, found
on the rocks of the broad gauge mole
a week ago, has been thrice identified,
was not cleared last night at the Coron
er's inquest in Oakland.
• The testimony gave no clew as to how
the man met death and with an abund
ance of precaution the jurors returned
a non-committal verdict. They found
that the man met death by a gunshot
wound in the head, but how, v when or
where waa left unsolved.
Without hesitation yesterday after
noon F. W. Willis, mechanic for the
Sixty-eighth Company of Coast Artillery;
Identified the body at the Oakland
Morgue as that of Francis Hall Mc-
Grath, who was murdered on the rocks
of the broad gauge mole several days
ago.
Willis had served with McGrath for
eighteen months in the Philippines, knew
him well and was armed with a descrip-;
tion of the dead soldier furnished by Ser
geant F. B. Clark of Company No. 68 that
is stationed at Fort Baker. It was by the
scars on the body of the dead man that
Willis made the identification. \u25a0 '.
"I went to Manila with the company of
which I am now the mechanic," said Wil
lis yesterday. "In 1599 Francis Hall Mc-
Grath joined our command in the Phil
ippines; and for eighteen months he was
one of my messmates. Naturally, the de
composed body is hard to Identify, but
from the general appearance and the de
scription furnished by Sergeant .Clark I
believe that the dead man Is McGrath. I
will say positively that the body at the
Morgue is that of McGrath, unless there
is a peculiar case of McGrath having a
double. I came from Fort Baker to iden
tify the remains, and I think I have suc
ceeded In my purpose."
Willis was accompanied by George W.
Smith, an expressman of Sausalito, by
whom McGrath was formerly employed.
Smith also declared that he believed the
body to be that of McGrath. ...
"When McGrath returned from the
Philippines, October 23, 1901, he went to
work for the Sperry Express Company,"
said Smith, "but he often did work for
me. While I cannot be positive,' I believe
tho body In the Morgue is that of Me-
Grath, whose description tallies exactly
with that of the body tnat I viewed to
day."
The description furnished by Sergeant
Clark from the army records is that Mc-
Grath was 24 years and 8 months old In
ISO 9. He had blue eyes, light brown hair
and a dark complexion. There was a
tattoo mark on his left arm and the fol
lowing scars: Two on the abdomen, one
on the lower left arm, one on the lower
and another on the upper part of the left
leg and three on the back.
An examination of the body yesterday
did not disclose the scars on the back, al
though every other scar described was
found," with the exception of the tattoo
marks. The back of the body was badly
decomposed, and the scars may have been
obliterated, and this la also true of the
tattoo marks. About the two vaccina
tion scars on the left arm were three pale
blue dots, but they may have been due
to decomposition.
The body was taken out for burial yes
terday, but upon "orders from Coroner
Mehrmann it was returned, and will not
be burled until to-morrow.
At the inquest last evening Maurice
Bowden and Anthony Pivar, boys, testi
fied to finding the corpse. J. E. Pedro,
a watchman <Jn the mole, .said he saw
a man that answered to the dead man's
description at 1 o'clock last Thursday
afternoon, two hours before the body
was found. Pedro warned the stranger
and was told to "mind his own busi
ness."
Dr. O. D. Hamlln, who followed, testi
fied that the body had been in the water
GIVE PRACTICAL PRESENTS—
— -ss=g^ Articles withalasting value.
The "Store oi> the Square"
mm — V^^^mT shows hundreos of designs
I I fj I at lowest prices.
n Eft n PARLOR. TABLE-Gold-
ii )t A vl en &" s k; b° x to P» turned lpllll|l|ll&^lii^ffilp
"I IJ i in^^lPl
\u25a0"\u25a0' \u25a0flH^Bi^ii- LADIES'" "DESK —Solid 1| • I' If I
& X W^W U oak, golden finish; highly | \ \u25a0 M 1
U H 3 14 polished; interior con- I '• II
k H I w veniently divided. An I I
If w I} . Jj article of value at a little vL*r J^
r If money. To- d*n "If L i*^' \
K3P9 jycFJgff tjj W~vk " <pjß fcyfl ltk?rH ir^Pr^i Hoi Bm &m! 63909 H 4H9
These Prices for Friday Only. No Telephone or CO. D. Orders.
Cream Pitchers, $1.15- Glass Berry Set. SI.OO-
Quadruple plate cream pitchers; Glass berry set, veith gold edge;
the hand engraved satin finish; large glass bowl and six small
regularly $1.45 value. Frlda> dishes to match. Regularly
surprise price 81.15 priced at $1.50 the set. Friday
Women's Collars. lOc Each. surprise price, set SI.OO
Women's Collars, lOc Each. Fine . China Tea Cups and San-
1000 dozen, beautiful tab and cers, 15*;.
turnover " embroidered collars Decorated with pink Cowers and
for women; values up to 35c gold band edge. Regularly sold
each. All will be offered at for 25c. As a Friday surprise
' Friday surprise price, each... 15<i
»•••• lOc
• Saear and Cream Set, 35c-
Flannelette Wrappers, 6Gc Hade of Bavarian china and dec-
Trimmed with wash braid, and orated in natural color. Violets
; come in all colors of fine qual- and gold traced. Regular 50c
.ity flannelette; all sizes, worth value. Friday surprise price.-'
$1.25. Friday surprise price... 35c
• - GGc — ;
\u25a0 China Cake Plates, 3Oc
Flannelette Kimonos. 66c Large size cake plate, decorated
Made of Madras, fleece lined; all and gold stippled edge; priced
colors and sizes; elaborately regularly at 50c. Friday sur-
triramed • with silk Persian. . prise 39c
Worth $1.50. Friday surprise .
price GGc $1.00 Fascinators, oOc.
Men's Fancy Sn .p«cers. 39c K «S? £"£&& SStJZ& W &
Holiday su3penders, handsomely signs; colors rink, blue and
mounted; kid ends and patent black. Regular $1.00 value.
cast-offs; put up In individual Friday surprise price SOC
boxes; good values for 75c. Frl- „ .
day surprise price ........39c Men's Hosiery. 12% C Pair.
\u25a0 ' " Black and tan hose In neat era-
, i Men's ' Handkerchief s, 7c broidered and striped effects;
Plain white. ..hemstitched, and fast colors and all sizes— 9% to
fancy bordered handkerchiefs; 11 H; regular 20c values. Frl-
. full size; regular 12% c values. day surprise price. U2%c pair;
Friday surprise price 7c Or half dozen 7Oc
... ?C.OO Dath Robes. §4.55- 65c Glnsham Aprons, 39c
In French flannels, eiderdowns Fast color heavy gingham aprons;
\u25a0 and Terry cloths; a big variety cut wlth Btrap9 over the saO uM-
of colors: 60 inches long and 60 . , . ... . ,
inches wide; have good worsted «• £ nd . on a yoke ; K bu "°? ed lj *
girdles at waist and silk cords- J h « back; come to the bottom of
at neck; colors, blue, silver the dress so that they cover the
cp-iv rinrk «try tans browns whole figure. Regular value
?ed y and a iight "cSloVfln "stripes! «a Friday surprise prlce..39c
plaids and fancy figured de-
signs; Regular $6.00 values.
Friday surprise, speclal..S4.Ss Children's Coats, 52.59-
$1 ->5 corsets 43c wll * P laco on Ba '° a sample
Made of* heavy sa^en linen line of children's coats made of
throughout; two wide steels on all-wool ladles' cloth, serge,
each side; both short and long cheviot and cashmere; all col-
hips; straight front In black . orn, and for ages 2 to 6 years,
only and In sizes 18, 19, 20, 21 Regularly priced from $3.50 to
and 22. Regular $1.25 value. $5.50; all go at the one price as
Friday surprise price 43c a Friday surprise 52.39
Money-Saving Items F ?£ Grocery
Best Quality New Mixed Nuts — Dldwell's Best Boiled Cider-
Pound 15c Gallon j f1.40
Thompson's Bleached Sultana Half gallon ....75c
naislns—Regularly 15c lb; rtnm ~ t Z ah~
special lie Quarts 40c
Atmore's Home-Made Mince Mwu Pints 250
j\u25a0- — 2 lbs 250 American Club Bourbon or Rye
Ereh — Every one guaranteed Whiskey — Gallon 52.10
(large white); reg. 60c doz.. Rock and Rye — Best crystallized;
, special, doz ........... 40e toT coug hs and colds; bot..«3c
C °ed e dX U ' r iiT amny Blend:r ° a S; Port or Shcrry-6-year-old wines;
5 lbs .. '. I:..../.......... i»oc *u» half-gallon bottles 43c
Family Cluster Raisins — 5-lb. box Quart Demijohn*. Good Bonrbon
SI.OO , »*-0O .
Cndaby's Rex Beef Extract — 2-oz. p^j Qemljohns. Good Bonrbon..'
Jars 370 OOc
00 ?^ ™.w Fink's Champa*n£-
Penn-ylvanla Ry. Whiskey— "Gold Seal' ; pints ..50«
Perm. Distilling Co.; bottle.. TOc , Dozen :»5.00
<fep% ; ) Choice Creamery
]p MAfEKET&eIONES SIS a square.
at least twenty-four hours, bo the man
Pedro accosted could not have been he
whose dead body waa found on the rocks
with a bullet In the brain. Dr. Ham
lln testified that there were no powder
marks on the man's forehead nor Inside
the wound.
F. W. Willis would not swear posi
tively that the body was that of hl3
former messjnate, but he declared h» be
lieved it was McGrath. Regarding the
army description that McGrath had
brown hair, Willis sala":
"The army's descriptive list regarding
my own hair says that It is light brown.
Any one can Eec that my hair is black.
But so far as the scar 3 are concerned,
I think I can positively identify the dead
man as McGrath. In three prominent
particulars the army record describes
the man in the Morgue and I believe it
is the body of McGrath."
George W. Smith testified that the dead
man was McGrath and said he Identified
him by his peculiar build and muscles.
He said McGrath was an expert swim
mer and had a peculiarly shaped body.
Fred Eckert, a laborer, said he had
known McGrath well, but he was not
positive whether the body at the Morgue
was that of his friend. He had not seen
McGrath for five weeks, but at that
time he was working in the Southern'
Pacific tunnel at Colma. At that 41ma I
McGrath said he was going with a sur- .
veylng crew under Chief Engineer Hood
of the Southern Pacific Company.
Alleges She Was Swindled.
Mrs. Emma Evans, 49 Park Hill ave
nue, obtained a warrant from Police,
Judge Conlan yesterday for the arrest
of Madge Wilson, Daisy Leonard and
George Joyce, her . son-in-law, on a
charge of obtaining money by false'
pretenses. She said she was induced,
by Joyce on July 21 to purchase a half
Interest in the Strand lodging-house, 7.
Anna street, on the representation that
the furniture and other effects be
longed to the two women. She paid
them fSOO and gave a note for Jl2OO,
and has discovered, she says, that the
furniture belongs to a furniture com
pany, the two women having only paid
a. deposit of $100 on it.* Her husband
died recently and the $800 was paid,
her for Insurance on his life, which,'
her son-in-law knew. ;V; V
\u25a0WASHTN'GTON; Dec. 14. — Th» protected
cruisers Gabreston mnd Chattanooga h»v» b«ea:
selected for service on tbo Asiatic station and
will proceed there early la taa year.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
7OIIX D. SPHKdtEXS *• — Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JTOHy McyAUGHT '. - Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MAKICET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
FRIDAY DECEMBER 15, 1905
MORALS IN OAKLAND.
OUR neighboring city is just now in what is called "the throes
of an upheaval." Certain clergymen have made sensational
and spectacular charges, that seriously involve the repute and
good name of Oakland. When these charges are analyzed it is
evident that they rest entirely on the general opinion of some earn
est people, that no city is superior to Sodom and Gomorrah that
permits the sale of liquor, upon which all evils are supposed to
impinge. The commercial bodies of Oakland have taken up the
matter in a spirit of defensive fairness, with a desire to correct what
they believe to be a false impression detrimental to the welfare and
future of the town.
But the clergy are not idle, and are preparing for a further ac
cusative campaign. In this they are to be aided by the volunteered
testimony of cooks and waiters who lost their places in the recent
open shop campaign, and who propose to tell what they saw in the
side entrances and private stalls of their late employers. This kind
of evidence would be better if the witnesses had felt the pangs of
moral revolt while they were still in the service of their sinful em
ployers and taking the wages of wickedness. To wait until they
are discharged and then join the ranks of salvation savors rather
too much of vengeance and blackmail to make that kind of testi
mony very effective. Any way the commercial bodies and business
men generally resent the use of such means to advertise the town
as being tainted. They retort with some spirit and entire truth
fulness that the two most noted cases of moral lapse known in the
city for some time had no origin nor relation to the restaurant and
saloon business, for the parties were rather noted workers in the
very denominations from whose pulpits the indictment of the whole
city has been promulgated.
The Call has believed and still believes that Oakland has had
for a long time and has to-day an unusually clean and upright city
government. The Mayor and leading members of the City Council
are business men, largely interested in the progress and prosperity
of the city, anxious for its development and perfectly aware of the
intimate relation between the moral and material interests of a
city. While they do not expect to make a new Jerusalem of Oak
land, it is not thinkable that they wink at crime and promote it by
indifference. While the clergy are to be commended for their zeal,
and every citizen should join them in a crusade against the real
evils of society, discretion should hot be thrown overboard.
All cities have evil in them. In some its existence is concealed
and in many there is more deviltry secretive and covert than in
others where it is aboveboard. Othello demanded of lago that he
give "ocular proof and demonstration" of his charges against poor
Desdemona. The Police Commissioners of Oakland have invited
the accusing clergy to give a bill of particulars, founded on evidence,
to prove their rather vague though violent charges. When the
proofs are submitted there will be something to work on. No
doubt an occasional roasting from the pulpit tends to keep men
and municipal government in the straight and narrow path, but
great harm comes to the innocent in cities declared by their resi
dent clergy to be the worst on earth.
We hope to see the press, pulpit, city government and com
mercial organizations of Oakland so work together in harmony -and
public spirit as to be able to give that good city a clean bill of
moral health, equal to its reputation for physical health, clemency
of climate, business enterprise and good local government.
Human nature will lapse. The first family of man, according
to orthodox Christian belief, was a hard lot. The second start af^er
the flood was bad, for the head, of the family in the second genesis
was a hard drinker and overwet his clay as soon as he got a winery
going. We appear to have progressed beyond our ancestry, but we
occasionally show signs of atavism and "take back." Be patient
with us, Oakland is not like the cities of the. plain. It is a good
town, as it cannot help being with Berkeley on one side and Alameda
on tie other. What evils it has are inherent in poor human nature
and will crop out in every community.
OUR HINTERLAND.
T^HE State Board of Trade has taken up another subject of very
I great interest to San Francisco. Premising that the Sacramento
* Valley has reached its limit of population with its present facili
ties and products, the State Board of Trade proceeds to show that
irrigation of land and division of large holdings will enable the set
tlement in that valley within a reasonable time of a population of a
half million. There is no question about the climate and the soil.
Both are competent to the support of a dense population, but wheat
and field cropping, under present conditions, have reached their
limit and in some places the process of decline is visible.
The valley is not without object lessons to support the'eonten
tion of the State Board of Trade. Butte and Sutter counties show
the blessings of irrigation and intensive farming. Yuba has some
showing of the same kind, as has Yolo. But the capacities of the
whole valley are equal, and capable of the same development. What
is needed is capital to install the necessary irrigation and take large
tracts and subdivide them for settlement. The capitalists of this
city built the San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railroad to
aid* in the development of the San Joaquin Valley. They have
helped a railroad into the Klamath region to get at the trade of a
distant community. But, as Mr. William H. Mills pointed out to
the State Board of Trade, in the Sacramento Valley is a hinter
land for San Francisco with commercial drainage directly to this
city, a current that no rival can divert, where a "population of a
half million can be safely and profitably settled.
To develop that near region will cost no more than the San
Toaquin Valley Railroad. Having done so much for one half of
the great valley of California, why not do as much for the other
half? The State Board of Trade is "collecting all of the reports
on the hydrography and soils of the Sacramento Valley, and the
whole will soon be issued as a bulletin.
The information it will contain should # impress the business
men and capitalists of this city. The enterprise will yield profit to
the individual investors and provide for this city a permanent and
cTOwine addition to its commercial resources.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
Hetty Green's remark that "there would be fewer fools on record if
people talked less" has not yet had the effect of drying. up the stream of
tart lofluacity that flows from the lips of Mrs. H. G. — Pittsburgh Dispatch.
News comes from St. Louis that John L. Sullivan has sworn off again,
and "that economic crisis caused by the burning of Bo,coo barrels of whisky
in Pennsylvania will probably be equalized soon. — Brooklyn Union.
Uncle Hank Watterson is not a candidate for Governor of Kentucky.
He is satisfied to be Master of the Mint Beds of the Dark and Bloody
Ground. — Memphis Commercial-Appeal. -* 1 .
As head of the nation's traveling department Secretary Taft should
demand an explanation of the fact that the trip to Brazil has been turned
over to Secretary Root. — Chicago News.
Secretary Wilson offers the pleasing assurance that there will be no
f-hortage of limes in this country again, so we will not have to curb our
taste for gin rickeys. — Washington Post.
*T would be a graceful thing for the republic of Panama to recognize
the independence of the Isle of Pines. — Atlanta Constitution.
Mr. Roosevelt seems determined to keep all the Presidential booms
right at home in the Cabinet.— Baltimore Sun.
IHE SAN FKANUSCO CALL, 'FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1905.
Ibsen in Nevada.
Ibsen's Norwegian play of "Ghosts,"
with one setting of scenery, no musla
and three knocks with a club on the floor
to raise the curtain, was presented Jast
evening.
The play is certainly a moral hair
raiser, and the stuffing is knocked out
of the decalogue at every turn.
Mrs. Alving, the leading lady, who
keeps her chin high In the air, has mar
ried a moral monstrosity in the shape of
a spavined rake, and hides It from the
\u25a0world. She wears a pleasant smile and
gives society the glad hand, and finally
lets go all holds when her husband gets
gay with the hired girl and gives an old
tar 300 plunks to marry her and stand
the responsibility for the expected popu
lation. *
Oswald, the mother's only boy, is sent
to Paris to paint views for marines, and
takes kindly to the gay life of . j capi
tal, where the Joy of living is tne rage,
and families are reared in a section
where a printer running a job office
solely on marriage certificates would hit
the poorhouse with a dull thud.
Regena, the result of Mr. Alving's at
tentions to the hired girl, also works in
the family, and falls in love with the
painter boy on his return from Paris.
They vote country life too slow, and
plan to go to Paris and start a family.
The doting mother gives her consent,
and Pastor Menders, who is throwing
fits all through the play, ha§ a spasm.
The boy, on being informed that the
girl of his- choice is his half sister,
i throws another, his mamma having also
thrown a few In the other act.
Engstrand, who runs a sort of sailors'
and soldiers' canteen, sets fire to an or
phanage, and the boy, who has inherited
a sort of mayonnaise-dressing brain from
his awful dad, tears about the stage a
spell, breaks some furniture and upsets
the wine. He finally takes "rough on
rats" and dies a gibbering idiot, with his
mother slobbering over him and trying
to figure out In her own mind that he
was merely drunk and disorderly.
The players handled the' sticky mess
as well, as could be expected, all being
excellent actors, although Miss Razeto
built up her bustle too high. Miss Lock
wood is strong, and Mestayer handles
his thankless role conscientiously. Mac-
Gregor, as Pastor Menders, was very ef
fective, but there was no better actor in
the cast than Edwin Bailey in his minor
role. \u25a0
As a sermon on the law of heredity the
play Is great, but after seeing It we are
glad to announce that Haverley's Min
strels will relieve the Ibsen gloom next
Monday night.— Carson Appeal.
Kaiser and the Sentinel.
It Is told of the Kaiser's Christmas
walk through the woods last year that
near th,e palace of Sans Soud he came
upon a half-frozen sentinel with very
blue lips and a very red nose. The sen
tinel, with stiff' fingers, brought his rifle
to the salute.
"Cold day," said his Majesty, cheerily.
The sentinel did not reply, but his teeth
chattered.
"How long have you been on duty?"
asked the Kaiser.
"Brr-rr!" said the sentinel.
"Stupid!" said his Majesty. "Why
don't you speak when I* address you?"
The sentinel opened his mouth, but the
words seemed to be frozen on his lips.
"Here!" said'the Kaiser to his adju
tant, laughing, "March chap to the
palace, see that he gets a good meal and
a hot drink, and for heaven's sake put
him before a fire and thaw him out, par
ticularly his Jaws!" And, "Here," he
went on, forcing a coin into the frozen
soldier's rigid fingers, "take this and
drink my health and the health of the
Empress." '•,\u25a0,'• "
Then, as the Emperor hurried away
the sentry found voice enough to bellow
out the single word, "Majestaet!"—
Woman's Home Companion.,
THE QUESTION.
Occidental Accidentals.
A. J. WATERHOUSE
THREADBARE ALLEY
THREADBARE Alley in Hodfien
town —
Haply you've heard of the place
I name-
There do the folk run up and down,
Seeking for aye to escape the sane.
Features of Poverty well they know.
And Hunger's gaunt wolf .for their
coming 1 waits;
So ever and ever, and to and fro.-
They seek for release at the Iron
gates. •
Ay, but the world glveth wide renown
To some of the pilgrims from Hodden
town.
Threadbare Alley In Hoddentown —
Hovel or cabin alone for home: '
Trousers of shoddy, or calico gown —
Small Is the wonder its folk would
\u25a0 roam.
And, faith, they do wander, the Iron
gate past:
"Wander so far and climb so high
That the wide world pauses to wonder
at last
That these, yho were low, with Its
greatest vie;
And, "Ho!" it doth cry, "bring laurel
to crown
This one who was dweller In Hodden
town."
Threadbare Alley in Hoddentown —
Know ye the ones who did come from
there?
Lincoln, wearing the martyr's crown;
Jackson, e'er ready to do and dare;
Jonson and Johnson, by genius kissed;
Oliver Goldsmith, poor but great;
Napoleon, first in the cruel list;
Uncrowned monarchs in Intellect's
state —
These were the heedless of Penury's
frown
Who came from that alley in Hodden
town.
Threadbare Alley in Hoddentown —
Call ye the roll of the ones acclaimed,
"Wearers of purple, dlsdainers of crown,
And these shall be first of the ones
ye named.
Honors that go to deflers of fate.
Trophies we give to the men of
might, , • .
Prizes we bring to the princely great,
Laurel for blessing: or bay for de
light—.
These are the blessings with which we
crown "
The sometime dwellers In Hodden
town.
L'ENVOI.
Prince of the domain of rags and dirt,
Unguessed monarch of Hoddentown,
Bear you no longer the spirit's hurt;
Heed you no more though the- skies
may frown.
Many have passed the iron arate, '
Leaping the bars that your soul doth
know;
Many are named with the iplendld
great,
"Who walked with Penury lon* ago.
The world but walteth to give renown
To those who have dwelt In Hodden
. town.
WHAT THE MAN OF MARS SAW.
The man of Mars was telling about his
trip to the earth. "Once," he said, "my
patent air-condenser refused to 'work,
and I very nearly suffocated to death,
but fortunately I got it to condensing
again before it was all up with me."
"That's all right," interposed another
man of Mars, "but tell us about the
people down there. Are they intellect
ual?" \u0084:\u25a0-»•;-•
"Very."
"That's good! What grave you the
impression?"
WHEN IGNORANCE ISN'T BLISS.
"Why, some of them have so many
brains that they have to drink stuff to
reduce the quantity and quality of
them."
"Well, I'll be derned!" said all the
Martians, as with one voice. Then ono
of them asked:
"Do they recognize a supreme power —
a God?"
"You bet they dol" was the response. 1
"We people of Mars are not in it when
It comes to recognition and worship of
the Almighty. In all the affairs of life
his name, as they speak it. is on their
lips. You meet them on the street, and
they talk about him; in their clubs he
iis the subject of conversation, and In
their homes it is the same. He is re
membered at the time of their birth, and
when they are cold in death their friends
first of all inquire concerning their life
relations with him."
"This is wonderful that you tell us,"
said an ancient Martian; "do they give
this much worshiped Almighty One a
name?"
• "Indeed they do," was the answer; "It
Is forever on their lips."
"What is this august name of the
deity that is so dear to them?" the an
cient Martian asked.
"The name, always lowly and rever
ently spoken," the man of Mars replies,
"is Dollars. He is their God, and I could
not fail to learn his name, because I
heard it so often spoken."
Then the man of Mars appointed a
time and place for a lecture on the sub
ject of "The Ear^h and Its Inhabitants,"
which was what he had had in mind
when he made the trip, and the other
Martians went about their business.
HE DEARLY LOVED RELIGION.
He dearly loved religion of just the
kind he chose,
And he felt extremely certain that his
creed 1 was all that "goes!"
He was sure the God who made us with
a sight exceeding dim
Had In His gracious kindness shown all
the truth to him.
He was honest in his purpose, and we
could not doubt the fact;
He was certain God had shown him all
the meaning of each act; '
He was pure in all his living, and was
strictly free from guile.
But he seemed to have a notion that
the pious never smile.
He seemed to have a notion that the
pious never smile; \
You'd think that vinegar was quite the
; true religious style.
So all youthful pleasure passed him, as
it gayly tiptoed by.
And he viewed It with foreboding and
• a dreary, weary sigh.
He really meant the best on earth, but
then, of course you see,
His visage still proclaimed the fact that
pleasure sin must be:
And so I'm very sorry, though perhaps
it's not worth while.
For the man who had a notion that the
pious" never smile. "
"Will ye give a dime to a poor man,
mum. who has a wife and six ohlldren!"
1 Of course the dime was given and the
barkeeper who received It shortly
thereafter had a wife and six children.
Which shows that charity rarely Is
wasted. ,
"Did she jnarry him for love?"
"No, indeed; it would have been im
possible."
"For his money?"
"No, he is far from wealthy."
"Good looks 7".Vi".\X.'?
"He never was thus accused."
"What then?"
"It appeared to be her last chance."
—BALTIMORE AMERICAN.
Answers to Queries.
INHERITANCE TAX— A. 8., City.
The inheritance tax In California Is five
per cent on every one hundred dollars
of the market value.
PLASTER OF PARIS— A. S., Alameda,
Cal. Plaster of parls is so called from
having been originally obtained from
Montmartre, in the vlnclnity of Paris,
France.
LAUREATE— A. O. a Q.. City. Poets
laureate are so called- from an ancient
custom in universities of presenting a
laurel wreath" to graduates in rhetoric
and poetry.
UNlQUE— Subscriber, City. To use the
expression "perfectly unique" In speak
ing or writing Is nonsense, for that
which is unique requires no qualifica
tion. It is a French word, which is
often erroneously used to express rar
ity, curlousness or excellence. The
word means, alone, without a parallel,'
the only one.
AGE OF A HORSE— A m Subscriber,
City. The following Is the rule laid
down for telling the age of a horse:
At 3 years old the horse should have
the central permanent nippers growing,
the other two pairs wasting, six grinders
in each Jaw above and below, the first
and fifth level, the others and the sixth
protruding. The sharp edges of the new
incisors will be very evident, compared
with the old teeth. As the permanent
nippers wear and continue to grow, a
narrow portion of the cone-shaped tooth
is exposed by the attrition of the teeth
on each other. The mark will be wearing
out, and the crowns of the teeth will be
sensibly smaller than at 2 years. Be
tween 3** and 4 years the next pair of
nippers will be changed, the central nip
pers will have attained nearly their full
growth, a vacuity will be left where the
second stood, and the corner teeth- will
be diminished in breadth, worn down, and :
the mark in the center of the tooth will
become faint. The second pair of grind
ers will be shed. At 4 years the central
nippers will be fully developed, the sharp
edge somewhat worn off. and the mark
somewhat wider and fainter. The next
pair will be up. but they will be small,
with a mark deep and extending quite
across them. The corner nippers will be
larger than the Inside ones, but smaller
then before and flat, and the mark' nearly
effaced. The sixth grinders will have risen
to a level with the others, and the tushes
will begin to appear. At 5 the. horse's
mouth is almost perfect. The corner
nippers are quite up, the long, deep mark
Irregular In the Inside, and the other nip
pers will bear evident tokens of increased
wear. The tushes are nearly grown, the
sixth molar Is up. and the third molar is
wanting. This last circumstance will pre
vent the deception of attempting to pass
a- lats 4-year-old as a 5-year-old. At 6
the mark on the central nippers is worn
out. At 7 tha mark is worn out In the
four central nippers, and fast wearing
away in the corner teeth. Th© tushes
are rounded at the points and edges, and
beginning to get round inside. At 8 years
old the tushes are rotfhded In every way,
the mark Is gone from, all the bottom nip
pers. There is nothing remaining in them
that can afterward-tlearly show the age
of a horse. After this the only guides
are the nippers In the upper Jaw. At 9
the mark will be worn from the middle
nippers, from the next pair at 10, and
from all the upper nippers at 1L At 9 the
center nippers are round Instead of oval.
At 10 the others begin to become rounded,
at 11 the second pair are much rounded,
at 13 the corner ones have the same ap
pearance, at 14 the faces of the center
nippers become somewhat triangular, at
17 they are all so.
v ' ,' About Candy Orders.
Candy Orders may be bought to any
amount of money and are exchangeable
at any time for a part or a whole of
their face value In our candies. Hass'
Candy Stores. Phelan Building and
James Flood Building. *
The Smart Set.
SALLY SHARP
The. second of the Fortnightly Club
dances will take place to-nig-ht in the
Palace Hotel ballroom and all the pret
ty buds with their companions of the
older sets of maids and young: matrons
will be in full attendance, for these
dance 3 are hailed with delight as being
among; the keen pleasures of the sea
son.
• • •
Richard Hotallng, Dr. J. Wilson
Shlels and other of our well known
histrionic amateurs are to give a clever
presentation this evening at the Olym
pic Club and a large attendance of
the smartest set is consequently to fol
low.
• • •
The third Assembly dance, which was
dated to take place at the Palace Janu
ary 15, has been changed to January
12, for the former date, occurring on
Monday, conflicts with the Skating
Club and tho two affairs are too popu
lar to admit of coincidence.
Mrs. •fieth Wilson Cushman and Mrs.
Alice Mason Bennett will be hostesses
to-day at a charming musicale at tho
Casa Loraa. The reception hall will
be most attractively decorated In "^9'
berries with their greens, and palniay
will lend artistic emphasis to the color'
scheme.
Invitations have been issued to a large
number of our society and music people,
who will listen to a delightful programme.
Miss Winifred June Morgan of Oakland
is to assist, her violin solos to> b« an at
tractive addition.
The Hotel Knickerbocker was th» scene
of a small but enjoyable bridge party
yesterday, given by Miss Gwin. who en
tertained Mrs. Lucy Otis, Mrs. Horace
Davis. Mrs. Henry I* Dodge, Mrs. Georgu
C. Boardman, Mrs. Harry Mendell. Mrs.
James Carolan. Mrs. Arthur Holland.
Mrs. James Follls, airs. William Beach,
Mrs. Gale and Mrs. Butler.
• • •
Mrs. J. J. Wright hostessed a box party
last Tuesday evening, half a dozen guests
enjoying the play at the Columbia.
As guests of honor,. Miss EJsa Draper
and Mrs. Florence Land May were recip
ients of much attention, the other mem
bers of the party including Miss Adeline
Ricks, Colonel Thomas Wain-Morgan Dra
per, Major William Stephenson, Harry L.
Paddock and Mr. and Mrs. Wright.
\,• * *
A song recital was given at the Se
quoia Club last evening with the fol
lowing programme under the direction
of S. Homer Henley:
"Am Abend." Arthur Fickensher;
"When Love Passed By." W. J. McCoy:
"To One in Paradise." J. Harradln
Pratt; "Molly's Eyes," Wallace A. Sa
bln; "What Is It Thou Hast to TenW.
Me?" Oscar Weil; "The Deep SeaT
Pearl." Edward F. Schneider; "Love
Laid His Sleepless Head." Gerard Bar
ton; "The Night Has a Thousand Eyes,"
Leland G. Roberts; -A Soldier," C.
Harding Tebbs; "Orsame's Song," C.
Harding Tebbs; "Some Day," Richard
Lucchesi; "Illusion," Richard Lucchesi;
"Oh, Like a Garden Is My Heart." H. J.
Stewart; "The Lords of Song." H. J.
Stewart.
• v • •
A social event of the coming week
will be the annual Christmas dance by
the Valentine Holt Society of the
Children of the American Revolution.
The affair will take place at Century
Hall Friday evening, December 22,
the patronesses being Mrs. Charles A.
Warren, Mrs. A. S. Hubbard. Mrs.
William T. Baggett, Mrs. Thomas Bon
ner and Mrs. J. J. Tully.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Barry Watson are
once more safely ensconced beneath the
roof tree of Mr. a«d Mrs. Richard H.
Pease on Pacific avenue, having Just ar
rived from their wedding trip. Their time
since July has been spent in Europe.
where most of the countries have been
traversed .by automobile. Mr. Watson
took his machine from San Francisco, and
France, Germany and England were es
pecially enjoyed. Italy was seen by train
and other modes of conveyance, the roads
in that country not being so conducive
to automobile comfort as those of other
districts.
Mr. and Mrs. Watson have some very
beautiful purchases with tnem. including
magnificent furs brought from Paris.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Peters will arrtvSjf
to-day from, Stockton to be the guests ot J
Mrs. J. A. Fillmore for a few days.
• • •
Mrs. William H. Irwin and Miss Helene
Irwin are leaving to-day for the East,
where they will spend several weeks in
Philadelphia, the guests of Mrs. Irwln's
sister, Mrs. Edward Moore Robinson.
From the Quaker City Mrs. Irwin. with
her daughter, will proceed to New York
a little later to set sail for Europe, where
the sightseers will remain a year.
Mistake in the Bill.
: A gentleman who recently returned
from a tour in Spain tells this story: He
left Seville on foot, after a stay of a
week, and was twenty miles away, when
he was 'overtaken by the landlord of the
hotel where he had stopped. The inn
keeper rode alongside of his guest for
nearly an hour before he found courage
to make known his business.
"If the senor and God pleases," he be
gan, apologetically, "I made a mistake
in his bill yesterday."
"How?" I inquired.
"I forgot to make a charge for his
candles to light him to bed!"
"But It waa moonlighj, and I had no
candles."
"Then, senor. with the help of God. I
forgot to charge you with moonlight."
The charge amounted to two cents in
American money, and he had hired % a.i
ass and ridden twenty miles to collecj
it. I was amused and astonished. Then
I accused him of being a robber, and of
fered him a cent to settle the bill. He
worked up a beautiful smile and held
out his hand.
"I will take It with thanks, senor," he
said, "and God will bless you for an
honest man!**
This week — Onulne eyetfasses. 20c to 50c
Note— No. 81 Fourth st. (front of barber's). •
Townsend's California glace fruits
and choicest candles in artistic flre
etched boxes. New store. 767 Market. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen'a).-30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Pleasure without moderation Is always
mixed with misery.GIVES A TIP
TO ASSESSORS
Supreme Court Tells Where
and How a Corporation's
Franchise May Be Taxed
AFFECTS BIG CONCERNS
Counties Within Which the
Privileges Are Enjoyed
May Secure the Revenue
Tho Supreme Court handed down four
decisions yesterday establishing the
principle, that the franchises of corpora
tions must be taxed by counties in
which active operations are conducted
Instead of in the counties where their
respective headquarters are maintained.
The corporations which instituted the
four suits are the Oakland Water Com
pany, the Contra Costa Water Com
pany and the Stockton Gas and Electric
Company. The first two concerns, the
franchises of which must be taxed in
Oakland, have their central offices in
San Francisco. The gas and electric
company franchise has its home office
In San Francisco, but its franchise will
l'O taxed In San Joaquin County. Both
opinions were written by Justice Lori
jran.
The Stockton case was an action in
stituted by the corporation to compel
the return of money paid as taxes on
its franchise for the years IS3B and 1599
to the officials of San Joaquin County.
The company paid taxes on its pipes,
poles and other property located in
Stockton, but maintained that the fran
chise was taxable only in this city. The
court in its opinion considers the points
presented by the two sets of attorneys
•tit great length and a majority of the
Justices conclude that the franchise fs
Taxable at its situs (Stockton) instead
of at its locus (.San Francisco)!
The reason for the decision is based
on the fact that the privilege of the
franchise Is enjoyed at the seat of oper
ations. Justice McFarland dissented
from the majority opinion. Justice Hen-
Bhaw was disqualified from participating
and Justice Cooper of the Court of Ap
peals took his place.
The O&kland water companies were
taxed for their franchises by Assessor
Dodge, but claimed that they should
have been taxed, if at all, in Alameda
County. The court, for the reason stated
:n th 3 Stockton case, agrees with them.
The decision will affect numerous cor
porations that have a headquarters in
one place and do their principal business
In other counties. Companies that do
not conduct business under public fran
chises are not affected. The value of a
franchise under the decision is ascer
tained by deducting the value of a con
cern's tangible property from the full
value of its stock.
There are no dirt or preservatives In
Horlicks Malted Milk. Besides, the
milk is pure and very digestible, and
may be used with delicate Infants or
Invalids.
WASHINGTON. Dee. I«.— Senator Carter re
lntro;lueed a resclut'cn presented last session
providing for an amendment to the constitution
eiving- Concress the power to establish uniform
marriage and divcrce laws.
''<'. ill iu_'. ' " '
are quite the style in Paris,
where correct dress emanates.
I They make the waist seem
i small yet are so unobtrusive
that they attract no attention
j other than admiration. They
are stylish, but refinement is
' their greatest charm.
! Made on the "Dip" pattern
of French kid in white, black
or any color to harmonize
.with the costume; patent fas-
teners and ornamentations in
i pearl and dull or polished
metiil.
. Sizes 20, 21. 22. 23 and so on
! in every single inch up to 34.
Larger sizes will be especially
made and imported ii.OO
! P. Centemeri & Co.
t 109 GRAXT AYE.
j • Just above Geary St.
ORDINARY DEPOSITS j
- ; . Acnotsots received fr»m SI \u25a0•
laterest Compomdcd *— mhiii— lfy
Cell or write fer fi*«Uet
"Baeliiitfl by Mall" \
\ Renters' Loan & Trust Co.
Savings Bank \
222 Montgomery Street
S»t> Frincisco. C&L
Asset* and Reserve |1,7W.!»a.<»
TERM DEPOSITS
THE niIOXO DIAGNOSIS
Prompts the Use of Worthies* Reme
dies
Even an experienced physician _will
sometimes .make a mistake in diagno
sis, in which event his entire treatment
Is wasU'Q and may even be Injurious to
the patient.
The advocates of all other hair re
storatives save Herplcide have wrongly
Ci&g-noscd the cause of Dandruff and
Falling: Hair.
' Tbey figure on a functional disease,
a - whereas it is now kn6wn and generally
\».ccepted that hair loss is due to a
parasitic germ which Newbro's Herpi
tide destroys. . ...
Ther« is no substitute for Herplcide,
accept cone.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c
In: stamps for sample to The Herpicide
Co.. Detroit, Mich.
At leading drug stores, or sent pre
paid fro*- »w-««* Mich~. upon receipt
.ef J1.09
SIXTY SWEET SINGERS WILL
MAKEUP THE CHORUS.
Handsome San Jose Maids and Matrons to
Take Part in Opera for Cause of Charity. \u25a0
SAN JOSE, Dec. 14.— Aided by the Ora
torio Society, the leading musical organi
zation of this city, the local lodge of
Elks will present the opera "The Man
darin" at the Victory Theater on the
evening of December 20. Rehearsals
have been In progress for several weeks
and the production will be on an elab
orate scale. Professor Wilbur McColl
will direct the opera and the theater or
chestra will be augmented by members
of the Elks who are proficient musicians.
In the cast will be such well-known
amateurs as Miss Cassie Lion, Miss lone
MacLouth, Mrs. P. M. Walsh, Miss An
nette Danforth, Leroy McCullom, Elmer
Chase. Cary Houseman, Fay McCullom
and Charles Williams. The famous Ora
torio Society chorus, made up of sixty
of the prettiest girls and sweetest sing
ers in San Jose, will be a feature. Special
scenery Is Im preparation and the cos
tumes will be accurate and elaborate.
The advance sale of seats has been very
large and the opera will be a notable
social event. The entire proceeds will
be devoted to charity and will augment
the customary Christmas distribution
made by the Lodge of Elks.
SCHOOL TBACUER RETIRED
AFTER FAITHFUL. SERVICE
Board of Education Announce:* Many
Transfers to Take Effect at
First of Year.
Miss C. Stohr, a teacher who has been
In the School Department for the last
thirty years, was retired with pension
yesterday afternoon by the Board of
Education. Miss Stohr's application was
made some time ago and her pension
will begin from October 15 of the pres
ent year.
Miss A. M. Loehr was transferred
from the Spring Valley Grammar to the
Sheridan Annex School, to take effect
January 1. Miss Jennie 'Madden will be
transferred from the latter school to
take Miss Loehrs place. Miss Victoria
Morgan will be transferred from the
Fainnount Grammar School to the La
fayette Primary on January 2. H. Mc-
Kannay will be - transferred from the
Humboldt Evening to the John Swett
Evening School on January 2. Miss A.
R. Keegan will be transferred from
the Irving Primary School to the Mis
sion Grammar on January 2.
Director Thomas F.- Boyle was or
dered to see to the removal of the old
buildings of the Monroe and Laguna
Honda schools, so that the work of
constructing the new buildings, as pro
vided by the charter, may begin with
out further delay.
The board also decided to install an
electric fire alarm in the Crocker Gram
mar School, and als.o requested the
Board of Public Works to rush the re
pairing of the basement of the school.
The leave of absence granted to Miss
May V. Arnold, a teacher in the Chi
nese Primary School, was renewed till
the beginning of the Bpring- term of
1907.
Fountain Pens.
We are selling agents for Waterman's
"Ideal." Conklln'e "Self-flUlng" and the $1
Marshall pen. Theee are the best pens, the
cheapest pens and the only pens worth con
sidering. Banborn. Vail & Co., 74 1 Market st. *
McMCUPHY'S WIFE I. ONUS
HER SUIT FOR DIVORCE
Spouae Accuned of Wearing: Tights and
Smoking: Tarkinh Pipe It*-
Defeated.
Judge Mnrasky has denied the peti
tion of Lillian M. for divorce from
Frederick McMurphy. He ordered,
however, that McMurphy pay Mrs. Mc-
Murphy $50 a month for her support.
She accused him of cruelty, and in a
cross complaint he asserted that she
caused him great mental distress, by
wearing tights around the house and
smoking a Turkish pipe. Judge Mu
rasky held, however, that the offenses
of neither of them were of such a
character or degree to warrant the
granting of a divorce.
Decrees of divorce were granted yes
terday to Laura F. from F. E. Saucier,
for desertion; Irene from Joseph Cahen,
for desertion; Annie Caroline from
Frederick Orton, for desertion, and
Belle from George W. Burling, for.de
sertion.
Suits for divorce were filed by Al
fred against Elisabeth Harrison, for de
sertion; James R. against Mary E. Fll
gate, for cruelty; Annie against Samuel
Glass, for cruelty; Kristlne O. against
Carl V. KarslunVJ, for de.sertion, and
Lily against Milton M. Posner, for,
cruelty. The defendant Posner Is a
dentist. ; ::^:-~^:-: *Z?.p,iJ?*X'
New Postmaster* Are Appointed.
WASHINGTON," Dec. 14.— Postmas- !
ters appointed: California! — Made- !
line, Lassen County, Robert W. Brasher; i
Mount Wilson, Los Angeles, C. Henry
K. Rich; Newhall, Los Angels County.)
Francis H. Landell; Thrall, Siskiyou \
County, Edward C. Way.
is . \u25a0- -
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY;; DECEMBER 15, 1905.
SAX JOSE MATRONS AND MAID
WHO WILL, TAKE PART IN
OPERATIC PRODUCTION-.
PERSONAL.
E. S. Babcock of Coronado is r at .the
Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Clough of Chico
are at the Palace Hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Hinchcllffe of Los
Angeles are at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Billcke of Los An
geles are at the Hotel St. Francis.
Frederick J. Swift, prominent in Wall
street. New York, Is at the St. Francis.
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Spaldlng are at the
St. Francis, accompanied by Captain A.
Bodrero of Rome, Italy, and Countess
Senni. /
J. S. Torrance, one of the directors of
the Home Telephone Company in Los
Angeles, is at the St. Francis.
D. A. Sullivan of Reno, Nevada. Is at
the St. Francis.
Lieutenant C. H. Loop, United States
aijmy, is at the St. Francis, accom
panied by his wife.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry C. Graef and fam
ily arrived at the St. Francis yesterday
from Tarrytown, N. Y. They will spend
the winter in California.
Colonel William G. Gambrlll of the
United States army, who was stationed
at Angel Island during the Spanish-
American War, In charge of the paymas
ter's department, is at the Palace on his
way to the Philippines. Ha has the dis
tinction of having handled more money
during the war than any other paymas
ter in America. He is a nephew of Sena
tor Gorman.
Japanese Orange* Are Infected.
. HONOLULU, Dec. 14. —Nearly a thou
sand boxes of oranges imported here
from Japan were burned by Alexander
Craw, agent of the Territorial Board of
Agriculture, last Monday, on account
of their being Infected with Insect
pests. x
I DAILY. . Ijl| Ara|| SPECIALS
i Why not have a piano in your home for Xmas? We can
1 show you an easy way to get one. From now until Christmas
9 we will have
I ONE PIANO ON SPECIAL SALE EVERY DAY
3 Some will be NEW pianos at prices way below factory
I cost; others will be second-hand instruments at* compara-
| tively low figures. And all backed by the IRONCLAD
I GUARANTEE OF BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
I Watch this space each day until you see the instrument
5 you want, then come early. First come, first served. Re-
B member, there is only one instrument on sale each day. . .
|j We will lose money on each and every sale, but the ad-
H veftisement is worth the profit on fifty. We gain, and so do
|| you. .'.
ra Buys a- fine" second-hand piano, manufactured by one of the
1 \u25a0:. best-known makers and backed by our guarantee.
i| Stool, cover, delivery and the usual easy terms. -
If Will be on sale at 8 a. m. . \
B ; STORE OPEnJeYENINGS. \u0084 \u25a0
I BENJ. GURTAZm SON,
I GHICKERING AGENTS, ; :
l> ; 16-20 O^FARRELL STREET
PROVES BRAIN
IS ELECTRIC
Dr. A. J. Atkins of This City
Completes a Eemarkable
Experiment on a Steer
EECOEDS A' CUKKENT
Says That the Human Hind
Is Catching the Vibrations
of the Universal Ether
Dr. Albert J. Atkins, a- physician of
tlrts city, whose experiments In the
electrical actions Of the- organs of the
body have' become a part of the history
of medicine, has just completed an ex
periment whereby he claims to show
positively that the brain action of a hu
man being is due merely to the presence
'of electrical currents In the cells; that
the brain is a delicate electrical appa
ratus, which may become In tune with
the . vibrations of universal ether and
catch from it the wireless messages of
thought: that the senses, are due to the
effect" of electricity In the ether and that
the electric current Is carried to the
brain. *
That electric currents exist in the
muscles and nerves has been demon
strated by. such experimenters as Gal
vani, Mateucchi, Dubois Raymond arid
others, but that the brain Is a delicate,
electrical apparatus, which .guides the
body, was never discovered until'Dri.At
kins announced to the world yesterday
that he had accomplished that over
which many had failed. .
Dr. Atkins' experiment is simple enough
and seems to prove conclusively his con
tention that the brain Is an electrical
apparatus. Furthermore, to prove that
his figures are correct, he and his as- N
sistanta performed the work under the
eyes of Captain L. D. "Wildman, Signal
Corps, TJ. S. A., and member of the
American Society of Electrical En
gineers, who has made a separate report
on the experiment, agreeing In every de
tail with that of Dr. Atkins.
STICKS XEEDLES IN BRAIN.
The experiment was performed on a
Texas steer at Butchertown two days
ago. First two holes were bored in the
skull of the animal to connect directly
with the brain. Great care was taken
with the knives and, owing to the use
of cocaine, the steer suffered little.
Then two platinum electrodes were
stuck directly Into the thought part of
the brain. These electrodes .were con
nected by a long copper wire to a deli
cate galvanometer 100 feet . away. Cap
tain I Wiidman took the readings on the
galvanometer.
The steer submitted quietly to the
sticking of the electrodes In his brain
and lay down in a resting position. He
was apparently at ease. He was breath
ing naturally, and his heart action was
normal. He was apparently in, the same
mental and physical condition as before
the needles had entered his brain.
In this normal condition, the galva
nometer registered from six to seven
points. The test was a long one, so that
no possible mistake could be made. Cap
tain WHdman read off the figures as they
were registered on the galvanometer.
Then Dr. Atkins gave the signal for
the steer to be. killed. .^ The throat of the
animal was cut .The\electrlcal current
in the brain Increased and pri the gal
vanometer the register reached twenty
nine points. As the life grew extinct
the register became lower, until It finally
reached two points.
ELECTRIC POWER IS FOUND.
This electric power could only come
from the action of the brain Itself or
from the warmth of the blood.. Experi
ments with blood failed to register more
than two degrees. "The electric cur
rent," declared Dr. Atkins, "comes from
the brain Itself. When the animal real
ized that It was being killed. Its thoughts
came fast and the • electricity Increased.
The brain is the electrical apparatus of
the body. The problem has been solved.'-'
With Dr. Atkins in his experiment
were Drs. Emma A. Lewis, his co-worker
in all of his experiments; H. W. Husaker,
president of the State Medical Society;
A- B. Nelson, professor in the medical
department of the University of Cali
fornia, and Dr. Wheeler, president of the
County Dentists' Association.
Dr. Atkins Intends to send an account
of his experiments and discoveries to
every university of the world. He has
long been making experiments along
electrical lines and has been working on
the theory which he proved by the steer
for over five years. His work has
brought him much praise. Yesterday he
received a congratulatory letter from
Luther Burbank.
A remedy specially designed for the
treatment of all kidney, liver, stomach
and bowel troubles is Lash's Bitters. •
BROWNSVILLE, Pa., Dec. 14.— Four deck
hands were drowned In the Monongahela River
to-day as the result of the passenger steam
boat Rose Hite colliding with the towboat Joe
P Klein and elnklng in fourteen feet of water.
copies of the 80-page December
Ladies' Home Journal. The edition
is exhausted. We cannot comply
with the demand for more as we are
now printing the January number,
employing all our- press facilities.
THE CURTIS PUBLISHING COMPANY
Philadelphia, Pa.
CONEIED ''.WILL BEING
COMPANY TO THE CITY
Caruso, IJordica and Other
Stars to Be Heard in
Grand Opera. «
S. L. Ackerman has Just returned to
San Francisco from New York with good
news for lovers of grand opera. He has
closed a contract with Conried for a sea
son of grand opera in April.
Caruso, Nordica, Scottl and other celeb
rities of the Conried constellation will
visit the coast with the company and the
Metropolitan's large orchestra. The sea
son Is to open at the Grand Opera-house
on April 16, and It will last two weeks.
The experience of Conried last year was
to his liking and that of the company, so
when Mr. Ackerman broached the topic
of coming West the deal was soon closed.
MURDERER GETS NEW TRIAU— The Su
preme Court yesterday granted a new trial to
I* B. Cook, who was convicted •'of * murder
In the first.. decree ;'n Mendocino County- ami
sentenced to death. The. victim , was Max
Krieger, who- had made improper proposals
to Ida Cook, a daughter of the defendant. -The
Judgment of the lower court was reversed be
cause the Judge allowed the presentation of
evidence which showed the existence of incestu
ous relations between father and daughter.
I San Francisco, Typographical
Union No. 21. |
8 Hours CtmnA 8 Hours
work uranQ Rest
..Benefit.
Entertainment
and Dance
fjiil /nfernaf/ona/ liija
lli\ s 'H°V r^ a Y /$¥
| /jjy Native Sons' \ : . ! i\
|jji| Tuesday Evening, h\\i
\i'i\ December 19, /:i|/
Admission 50 cents
We will divide the day into three equal part*,
whereby we nod eight hours (or our usual avocations,
eight hour* for refreshment and tleep and eight hours
for recreation and to relieve the dutretted.
J \ WOMEN'S AUXILIARY No. 18.
ALLIED PRINTING
TRADES COUNCIL .
One of Mr Cft \u25a0 CB '". lt ' and
Samples. Only x^O " ay * -jo v
~. money. You
can do best at the factory.
j. mARTY GO.
Trunk and Bae Manufacturers.
23 TURK STREET.
Phone East 9224.
\u25a0.\u25a0 - V ' \u25a0\u25a0 "
-\u25a0'•\u25a0: \ . .' \ \u25a0
THE PALACE HOTEL for b«t*cooking.
THE PALACE HOTEL for quickest *ervice.
THE PALACE HOTEL for finest music.
THE PALACE HO t £ L for moden comforts
THE PALACE HOTEL for moderate rates.
-f^ B B A 1 (Fk'\ Ammunition. Hunting and
I\u25a0 I 1 ill V s P° rtin & Goods- largest
Sal lIM X 6tock - Lowest DrlceB - Send
Bs! Hail f °r catalogue.
WWB m\o SHREVE & BARBER CO
- ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 739 Market st. and 621
\u25a0 . Kearny st. •
EDIFYING
VAUDEVILLE!
Thorne and Carletoni Flnlay and
Bnrke; Panlo and Slorlowi Bellclaire
Brothera; Ilensler Sisters, and Or-
phean* Motion Pictures, Shoirlns; "The
Barnstormers."
Last Times of Salerno I Famous Pekln
Zouaves. 17 In -Vuraber. and Charley
Case.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thursday,
Saturday ana Sunday. \u25a0 '
PRICES. 10c. 25c AND SOc.
THIS WEEK— MATTNEE TO-MORROW.
..:->• America's Greatest Tragedienne,
Last Four Times of Suderman's Famous Play,
THENRtSOFST.JOHM
NEXT WEEK.
NANCE O'NEIL^
Mon., Tues. Nigrhta. Wed. Mat..MAGDA.
Wed., Thurs. Nights, Sat; Mat-.CAMILLE.
Frl.. Sat., Sun. Nights ELIZABETH
BUSH STREET
Chas. P. Hall. Prop, and Mgr. Phone Main 127
125 c ' 3IAT. TO-DAY — TO-NIGHT. B
Mats. Sat. and Son. f|
MINER'S MERRY BURLESQUERS I
With an All- Star Cast, including the Cl
following artists: MARIE BARRISON, M
the Famous Singer and Dancer; EMI- 8
LV NICE, the Charming Soubrette; C
BILLY NOBLE: EDMONDS, EMMER- H
SON AND EDMONDS; the LA TOY f
BROTHERS, and th« Hit of the S«a- E
son. THE GOBLIN GIRLS. BEAUTY |j
CHORUS! Gorgeous Costumes! «3
XI Popular Prices: Evenings — 15c, 25c, m
19 35c, 50c, 75c. all reserved. Matinees — 1|
U 25c reserved. Next Attraction. Dec. B '
HlSth— "THE THOROUGHBREDS." Jf
A ¥ *O A T A "D B«tafco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR -ir&%&.
General Manager.
AN EXQUISITE PLAY
TO-NIGHT— MATS.' SAT. AND. SUN.
The International Comedy Success
THE SECRET OF
POLICHINELLE
And Return of the Favorite Actor
GEORGE OSBOURNE
In a Beautiful Characterization.
Eves.. 25c to 75c; Mats., Sat. Sun.. 25c to 50c.
Next Monday — The Very Funny Farce \
BROWN'S IN TOWN
CHRISTMAS WEEK— MARK TWAIN'S
THE PRINCE AND THE PAUPER.
A Gorgeous Holiday Production.
ALHAMBRA
Corner of Eddy and Jones Streets.
Belasco & Mayer, Proprietors. Phone East 1577.
This Evening — All Week.
. Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Biff Scenic Production of \u25a0
Count Tolstoi's Great Russian Drama.
"RESURRECTION"
A True Story of the Conditions Existing In th-s
Land of the Czar and the Straggle of
the People for Liberty.
PRICES — Evenings. 10c to SOc Matinees.
10c. 15c, 25c.
Monday. Dec IS— **EABT LYNNE."
ACADEMY OF, SCIENCES HALL
Market. St.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
THE CALIPORNIA PROMOTION COMTTEFS
LECTURES ON. CALIFORNIA.
Dally from 2 to 4 p. m. (except Sunday).
Illustrated by Maenlflptnt Stereopticon
Views and .Moving Pictures.
Week. Commenelag DECEMBER JITH
,SAXTA CLARA COUZITY -
Presented by M. I. Jordan, from 2 to 2:3 a
SAN JOAQUIX COUS'TV
Presented by Colvin B. Brown. 2:30 to 3.
AI.AMEDA CITY
Presented by John H. Hartog. 3 to 3:30.
FHESXO COUNTY !
Presented by Miles Wallace, 3:30 to 4.
ADMISSION FREE.
TO-MORROW {Saturday) Afternoon
LAST CONCERT OF
- ;E-:yV\lL-i£ SAtiRET,
' The Great French Violinist
- And
ARTI-UJrv SF»£ED,
. Pianist
LYRIC lIALIi
Seats. 75c, ?1 and $1 50. at Sherman, Clay A
Co.'s, where complete programmes masr bo ob-
tained. " "gnrnAT.T. PIANO USED
"Don't never have nothln' to do with no stu-
dents."'
SEATS FOR THIRD AND LAST WEEK
SPECIAL ZVOTICE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
In order to meet the demand for seats then
will be an extra matinee next Thursday.
Nightly, including Sunday — Mat. Saturday.
Henry W. Savage Offers George Ade"s Comedy
Triumph,
THE
COLLEGE
WIDOW
Third and Last "Week Begins Sunday Night.
DECEMBER 25 — WILLIAM H. CRANE In
"THE AMERICAN LORD."
Last Three Nights— Matiaee- To-Morrow.
ROB ROY
XE.TTMOXDAY XIGHT.
GRAND CHRISTMAS PRODUCTION.
ORPHEUSJN HADES
USUAL TTV'OLI PRICES— 23c. BOc. 73c
Coming- ALICE NIELSEN
EVERY EVENING AT B«ts.
MATINEE THT:rs., SAT. AND SCN.
FAREWELL PERFORMANCES
The Comedy Triumph With Its Perfect Cast.
CHRISTOPHER, JR.
By Madeline, Lucette Ryley.
TUESDAY. DEC. 10— THE JTEILLS rV
"IP I WERE KKVG.»»
A MASSIVE PRODUCTION.
Evenings— 23c. 50e. 73c. Sat. Mat.— 2sc, 30c
Bargain Mats. Thurs. and Sun.. 23c everyirhare.
MajesticThcater
TBE DOCTOg'SDAPegTEBS,
"The Merchant of Venice"
RICHARD M. HOTALTSG aa Shylock
Assisted by Noted . Society Talent.
MO.VDAY EVC DEC. IS. 1905. and
TUESDAY MATWEE. DEC. 19. 1J03 V
Ticket* Monday Eve 53.00
Tuesday 31atlnee 8i.5»
Tickets good for any part of the house.
No Extra Charce for Reserved Seats.
Afternoons at 3. Evenings at 9. No
\j.\ N 1 1 iiltttfl'.^ UA i M
Elaborate Revival of BothweU Browns'*
Japanese Musical Extravaganza,
PRINCESS FAN TAN
With EUNICE GILMAN In the Title Role.
MAGNIFICENT COSTUMES!
BEAUTIFUL BALLETS! 300 PERFORMERS!
A BIG SHOW BY LITTLE PEOPLE.
Open Air Attraction— BAßNES' DIVtNO ELKS
No lncreas* In Price*.
ADMISSION 10c I CHILDREN 3e
• Phone for Seats Pacific 301.
Xext Monday— Cleopatra Up-to-Date.
Racing!
Net ma'Mw
Pallia pS Cl
INGLESIDE RAGE f RACK
Six or more races each week day. rain or'
shine. Races commence at 2 p. m. snarp. Take
street cars from any part of the city." ' For
special trains stoppinc at the track take S. P.
train at 3d and Towasend sts. at 1:13 p. xa.
Returning, train leaves track after last race.
THOMAS 11. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
Roller-skating!
Mechanics' Pavilion RM.
ADMTSSIOX .»....—..\u25a0».. ....~«~.~» OEV-ra
910
1 I y qu rea ' ize ths common sense of getKng something good in tKe cklrKing lin? for tK? Lgy I
Jlip^^ft!^^^^^ 1 or Christmas^ com? to-day— — tK? logical tim? for making s?lectiohs. Don't wait 1
i^S^fc^Sß^^^^^ 1 too long. Come while the stocks are replst? with holiday things, and well try to |
•^W^HSwi« ; '^^^ 1 r -^ eve y° u -f the burden of choosing. We suggest^ for example: I
I J Yoaths' long pants suits in brown - I
I A neat Russian overcoat for A nice warm Reefer in plain plaids/ solid blacks, blues and Knee pants suits with double A tasty Deep Saflor Collar Suit |
a the little fellows; rich in colors goods, ornamented beautifully grays in the new long cut double breasted coats in rich plaids in blue, brown, gray and tan; |
i or plain effects. Many to sc- on the sleeves in red and breasted models. Our prices.. for boys from 7to 16 years made byAmerica's best crafts- i -jfe;
I lect from. Our price $5.00 white. Our price .... $5.00 , $10.00, $12.50 and $15.00 old. Our price .... $3.95 men. Our price.... $5. 00 j\\
J " USEFUL LITTLE GIFTS FOR BOYS ™ I §^|w-^
II Will have a speciakdisplay*in;OurSboys' shop to*day. In these, as in the larger things, such as Suits and Oven S J <^I^&%^^^ v
' [j coats, you will find painstaking workmanship, harmonious beauty and serviceableness. We name fust a few of the | | I
I littler things here: Boys' Shirts 50c to $1.OO; Sweaters $1.00 to $2.50; Caps of all sorts sOc to $2.00; Underwear I \ - -?:
U 50c to $1.OO; Fancy Suspenders, in box 25c and 50c; Neckwear in pretty patterns 25c and 50c;Gloves50c and $1.00 \ ij^^^Kß^^fe^ lilifc
n '<: rrnct! ' p= lijif^ s^!,.^^ -— -« <**"% '• fWkTZW CX/CXIIXT/^C !~ i'
I I ' DC A I ITICI TI ITfWrC i t ii\llk kearny st. and union square aye. cst j TTfl I /^HDICnTM AC \ ! I • 3^^^^a^^
I j DtAUIIrUL lUTj ; !*\u25a0 I ILL LriKljlllAj | I w ,^^^^^ UWJWB , a
I j L-,...,.:...^.-...-...:,..^-. :-.-.-.-.-\u25a0-\u25a0-\u25a0! Cj&t^ky Authorities on fashions* [_. -J I
A EASY
///%, TO
Ay ' \\ r^irx
A/ W *
/{/ BOKEHOIO V<\ -___.
yo\ioiiii cd. Ay ==
\Of EASY
. V PAY
DON'T WAIT UNTIL IT
IS TOO LATE TO BUY
Holiday Wants
LET US SUPPLY YOU
N0W ....
A Temporary Loan
ON YOUR
FURNITURE,
PIANO,
HORSE,
VEHICLE,
SALARY, Etc.
WILL TIDE YOU OVER
Easy Payments, Low Rates,
No Delay or Publicity,
New Plan.
"Loan Headquarters"
20S-203 Callashan Bide.,
v MarKet & McAllister
PHOXE SOUTH 822.
.WZEB2-Z CALL* $1.00 PEB YEAH.
COLLINS STILL
ENTERS DENIAL
Defendant Spends Uncom
fortable Day on the Stand
Under Cross-Examination
George D. Collins spent a doubly un
comfortable day yesterday on the witness
stand in Judge Lennon's courtroom, when
he uttered repeated denials to the ques
tions of District Attorney Bylngton,
punctuated by fits of coughing-, the de
fendant suffering from a cold and ulcer
ated throat. Colllnß was finally allowed
by the court to visit a physician during:
the afternoon, an adjournment being:
taken until 10 o'clock this morning:.
Little new testimony was elicited during
the day's cross-examination of the wit
ness by Bylngton. Questions regarding
Collins' association with the Newman
family, his account of the marriage cer
emony and of his trip to British Colum
bia were asked, and not once during: the
entire day did the witness confine his
answers to "Yes" or "No." He frequently
was checked In long explanations and
evasions, constantly objected to Bying
ton's method of examination and claimed
the District Attorney continually misrep
resented his former testimony. /
A transcript coming from British' Co
lumbia, showing what purports to be
Collins' testimony before the courts at
Victoria, was brought forward by the
prosecution. Collins' answers In this tes
timony showed variance with his present
answers on the stand. Wherever these
differences appeared ' they were shown,
and Collins said that 'the transcript was
wrong and that he did no' make the an
swers accredited to him. The prosecu
tion intends to prove the verity of the
transcript by witnesses present at the
time the testimony was given, and it will
be offered in evidence. s *' : . '\u25a0
LETTERS TO CHABLOTTA.
Letters of the defendant to Charlotta,
showing that his interest in her was per
sonal in its nature, were Introduced
Many of them show merely perfunctory
interest, but the following extracts were
taken by the District Attorney to mean
that Collins had more than the interest
of a brother-in-law in the welfare of
Charlotta:
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 20. ISSB.
My Dear Charlotta:
Your letter of the 17th tnst. was yeeterday
received by me. Its receipt affording m« lnex
preszlble pleasure, aa Is ana ever will be the
case with all your letters.
You would have me to understand that the
thunderstorm not only didn't scare you, but
that you enjoyed It. I would • like to believe
that, but it 1« difficult for me to convince my
self that juet at the time when It would b»
likely that your timidity would get the better
of you that you would view the scene with a
complacency truly wonderful. Still, I have un
bounded confideac* la your capabilities, and, aa
THE SAN FRANCISGO' GALL, : FRIDAY^DECEMBER; 15, 1905.
you have said In effect tnat you were not
frightened. I will believe you, the more espe
cially as I troubled myself considerably about
you while that storm was raging-, thinking that
you were trembling with fear.
t CTTY. Feb. 26, '89.
My Dear Charlotta:
You will recollect that the other evening you
epoke about taking dancing lessons.
I feel that I owe It to you as a strict obliga
tion to protect your welfare from any and
everything that might have the least tendency
to imperil It. Now there Is no objection to
dancing in itself, unless it be that It Is a non
sensical amusement — it being somewhat ludi
crous that dignified .human beings should bob
up and down and twirl and twist around llk*>
so many Jumplng-Jacks. '
COLLINS AS A MORALIST.
That, of course, is an objection, but there la
a more lerlous objection tnan that. It is this:
As a general thing dancing furnishes the op
portunity of Indulgences that are at variance
with propriety, to say the least, and experience
has shown that the great majority of persons
who participate In this very que«tlonabl«
amusement do so principally for the purpose of
availing themselves of the opportunity I have
Just referred to.
For your own welfare I must Insist that you
refrain from learning dancing. Affectionately.
GEORGE.
The defendant has denied that he wrote
any letters to Charlotta, except at the
request of Acnes.
Collins asserted that his reference to
the Newman family as "the Newmans"
was not a term of reproach, although he
admitted that he had much to reproach
them for. The statement caused a smile
to visit the face of Joseph Tobln, who
was present yesterday for the first time,
A watch was Introduced In evidence by
the prosecution engraved "Prom George
to Charlotta. Christmas, 1888." . Collins
maintained that he never saw or heard of
the watch before, and added that Char
lotta had an uncle named George living
In Sacramento.
Aeea«e«l of Passing; Boajrus Check.
Clarence Colman, secretary of the
Colman Company, 848 Market street.
ADVERTISEaiENTS.
DISFIGUREDBYECZEMA
Wonderful Change In a Night.
In a Month Face was
'Clear as Ever.
ANOTHER CURE BY CUTjCURA
"I hud eczema on the face for five
months, during vrhich time I was in the
care of physicians. My face was so dis-
figured I could not go out, and it was
going • from bad to worse. A friend
recommended Cuticura. The ' first
night after I washed my face with
Cuticura Soap, and used Cuticura
Ointment and Resolvent, it changed
wonderfully. -From that : day I- was
able to go out, and in a month; the.
treatment had retno-red all scales and
scabs, and my face was as clear as ever,
(signed) T.J.'Soth, 317. Stagg Street/
\u25a0 Brooklyn, N. Y.^ :' ::
obtained a warrant from Police Judge
Mogan yesterday for the arrest of J.
Crossmann on a charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses. Crossmann
got Colman to cash a check on Decem
ber 9 for $130, It Is alleged, on the repre
sentation that he had money on deposit
with the American National Bank. He
never had any money on deposit at
that bank. v
Charles Lyons, the London Tailor.
Both stores will remain open during 1
the evenlnes of the holiday season un
til 8 o'clock. 721 Market St., near 3rd,
and 122 Kearny St., Thurlow block. •
Corner Polk and Bush Streets
TELEPHONE EAST 664.
OPEN EVENINGS
CITRON, LEMON AND ORANGE PEEI* lb
15c.
Nabisco Wafer 5 . . . . ,.... .Inrtre box. 200
All flavors — "New Yule Tld«." Small boxea, 100
NETtY GOLDEN DATES. 8 lbs. 200.
Plum Pnddlnsr. ........:. ...lb. can 20c
Atmore's English or Richardson & Robblns.
Usually 25c.
i lUCB POPCORN, 6 lbs. 26c
New Veeetab1e5. .....:..... .3 cans 25c
Solid Pack . Tomatoes, Sweet Corn, String
Beans. Sugar Pea*. Extra Quality.
\u25a0' GOOD BUTTER— UsuaI size square, 40c.
Sireet Cakea ............... .2 lba. Ssc
Chocolate Wafers, Walnut Creams, Fig Bars,
Cocoanut, Marahmallow, Vanilla Wafers, High
Teas, etc. Fresh from the oven.
Usually 20c and 20c lb. y . -"\u25a0- .-'.' .*-
: FINNAN HADDIES. lb. 16c.
Store Ekk» . . . .'. . ... .dozen 30c and 35c
Candled and guaranteed sound*.
MRS. FABER'S MINCE MEAT, 2 lbs. 25c.
Contn Rica and Java Coffee . ... . . lb. 230
Rich Golden Java and best Costa Rica, blended
to produce. oup quality. Usually 80c.
800 BLACK OR GREEN TEAS. 3 lbs. 91.
Moorpnrk Apric0t5. . . .... . . . . .lb. 12^4c
Bright, large, Dried Apricots — best quality—
\u25a0"» natural flavor. \u25a0 .
ALL. CREAMS, 8 cans 25c.
Ten-Year-Old Wi nea . . . . % -sral. bot. 50c
Golden Prince Vineyard— excellent holiday wines
— handsomely put up-^-Port or Sherry. Usual-
ly 75c. •-, yJSUMIBQBSRBS^SSWSKBSi
5125 PORTER, dozen pint bottles 95c.
Bernheim Wliisky:. . . . 1 . . . callon $2.50
. Six-year-old Bernheim Bros.' Pure Whisky.
\u25a0 ' . . Usually $3 25. \u25a0 -
$1 25 McBRATER WHISKT, bottle 85c. 1 .
RieslinK .......... .'. '. ....:\u25a0 . gallon 6Oc
Superior Golden Riesling. . Uaually 75c. -.
;..•\u25a0• 75c DOS MESAS SAUTERNE, bottle 50c.
Sauterne .icallon 51.15
Light Table Wine — extra' ary -type. Usually
', \u25a0\u25a0-:'\u25a0-• $1 CO. ' . " .-•"": '' : -:
50c PORT OR SH&RRT, bottle' 35c.
X«pa Clnret .'...........'.:.. jcallon ' 35c
Pour-year-old. 3 ; gals. 91.- Usually 50c gal.
BEST CREAMERY BUTTER
k'- Full Mrelsht — 2 Ib». — Stockton Crenm-
err— fresh every, day ( not cold \u25a0torasre),
per square .:;..".'. ... .1. .".:. . °.:T.*:u6c
SATURDAT^ NIGHT ONLX. •;•-"-
HONORA SHARP
WILL IS VALID
Jury Declares That Testa
trix Was of Sound Mind
and Free From Influence
-* Unanimously the Jury sitting for the
past week in the trial of the contest to
the will of the late Honora Sharp has
sustained her testament as valid. It
has also unanimously branded as false
the charges that Reuben H. Lloyd and
Mme. Margaret Tojettl unduly influ
enced the testatrix and practiced fraud
upon her. . In the will that has been
sustained $25,000 is bequeathed to Mme.
Tojetti and $200,000 to Reuben H. Lloyd
and Adolph Spreckels, Park Commis
sioners, with which they purpose con
structing, a ' memorial entrance t»
Golden Gate Park. ' ; .v.
The contestant to the will was Jo
seph O'Donnell of Haver hill, Mass., and
it was not until after a lawyer with a
quick eye to business called upon him
that he knew that Mrs. Sharp existed
upon this earth. He had never even
heard of her. \u25a0 However, he consented
to lend himself to the scheme to break
her will and signed papers agreeing to
give the attorneys 50 per cent of all
they recovered for him. The jury has
decided that he is entitled to nothing:.
His attorneys will get BO per cent of
this, less the costs of the trial.
To represent the contestant in this
city the Eastern attorneys that discov
ered O'Donnell retained Attorneys Lind
say, Magulre and Wykoff. They forth
with filed a contest, alleging; that while
mentally unsound Mrs. Sharp had been
unduly influenced and defrauded ' by
Mme. Tojetti. and Attorney Reuben H.
Lloyd, with the result that she had ex
cluded the contestant. from the right to
inherit any portion of her wealth. The
will was, defended by Attorney Charles
S/Wheeler. . .
The case was submitted to the jury
yesterday afternoon. Twenty minutes
later; Foreman Norman Ellsworth an
nounced that a verdict had been
reached. The verdict stated that at the
time of the execution . of the will the
testatrix was of sound mind; . that she
.was not. unduly. Influenced by either
Mme. Tojetti or Reuben H. Lloyd, nor
did either of them' seek to practice
fraud upon her. V) ln conclusion,; Fore
man, Ellsworth stated the jury wished
it; understood that' the verdict was
unanimous. .
Judge" Coffey's courtroom presented a
fitting for. the act' of the con
test. > Piled • upon the bench were clus
ters of flowers, and inquiry
developed the fact » that it was Judge
Coney's ' birthday. He confessed to the
assembled .attorneys * that -he was 21
years of age and over and was con
gratulated that such had come to pass.
Furthermore, he was congratulated for
his achievements of the many years he
has been on the bench, and Mr. Lloyd
said that the recollection of the Judge's
birthday would always remain fresh In
his mind for the hour that marked the
anniversary of the arrival on this earth
of his Honor also marked his vindica
tion of charges baselessly false and so
legally determined.
Town Talk.
The newsiest of the weeklies is niled
with stories of interest about people In
the public eye. Another big contest over
the estate of a woman who left three
quarters of a million dollars is fore
shadowed. How an Oakland millionaire
was separated from twenty thousand
dollars is the subject of a paragraph.
The Saunterer tells why Lane's ap
pointment will not be confirmed. He
discusses society on rollers, tells of a
Callfornlan poet's kissing stunt, of, the.
classifying of local society. There is
an Interesting story of the activities of
a university president In politics. The
odore Bonnet discusses the weird per
sonality of Nance O'Neil. There are,
pictures of the leading society ama
teurs to appear in "The Merchant of
Venice." \u25a0
BIG CONCERN CHANGES NAME.- The
Bank Commissioners Issued i a license yester
day to the M-etropolis Savings and Loan Bank.
which Is the Phoenix Building and Loan Com
pany rechristened. ,
Three Important Books
THE SOUL OF AN ARTIST
(Un Anima Sola. By Neera)
Authorized translation from the Italian by Elizabeth L. Maroon.
Purporting to be the "confessions" of a genius of the Italian stage. §
"Un Anima Sola" has no< counterpart, but. possibly. AmieTt
"Journal Intime." Price, $130 net. •
A CRITIQUE OF WOMANHOOD
SOCIALISM . IN ART
, by fey
Edward F. Adams Phebe Estellc Spaldinj
.A highly entertaining essay — _ .
L -i - * • il - •» Essays in Interpretation: Ve-
while intentionally amusing. it '-,:_ _ f SMUOU - v «-
does -not fail to present «» E^ MoM La*
and effectively tKe objections to °* atace M adonna of the
the socialistic doctrine." Price. S^ne Madonna. Illus-
yc . trated. rnce, $1 50 net."
•. \u25a0
\u25a0. <\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u0084-.»*. . - , .
PAUL E LTD ER & CO., Publishers
238 POST STREET jW - Hi SAN FRANCISCO
Christmas Hint
GET AS ORDER FOR A
Berteling Combination
: Eye Glass
Fitted with first Quality lenses. .35.00
Oven Saturday Evening*.
New Address
Grant Avenu^
LAWTERS WTX FIOHT FOR FEES.— Tl>«
Court of Appeals yesterday reversed th« Supe
rior Court order whlca fixed th« amount of ta*
fees of Harrison & Harrison for their services
In connection with the settlement of th« estat*
of Cornelius O'Connor. The lawyers were not
allowed as much as they thought wu their
due and the higher tribunal agrees with them.
Good Health depends on pur» food. Bur»
aett's Vanilla la pure. Take no substitute*. *
MASOXIO INSTALLATION.— Th» officer*
elected and appointed by Presidio Lodge of th» -,
Free and Accepted Masons will be Installed In
public tn Cotillon Hall, on Polk street, near
Pine, to-morrow evening. Th© guests of th«
lodge have been aslced to bring their lady rel
atives and friends.Pages 11 to 20
PRESIDENT DISCUSSES EXCLUSION LAWS AND BOYCOTT
Merchants of This City Receive Letter From the Nation X Executive
LETTER DOES NOT ONCE
MENTION MOTHER'S NAME
Gertie Galpern Becomes Hysterical Over
Missive From Russia.
JTOUNG SALESLADT OF THIS CITY WHOSE MIXD. GAVE WAT BECAUSE OF
2HSGIVIXGS THAT HEP. MOTHER HAD FALLEN VICTIM TO THE ATRO
CITIES PERPETRATED ON THE JEWS IN RUSSIA.
LOSES REASON
THROUGH SHOCK
Sonoma 3lan, JYhose Wife's
Body Was Burned in a Eail
Wreck, Said to Be Lunatic
SooclaJ Dtepatch to The Call.
6ANTA ROSA. Dec. 14.— Private ad
vices received here are to the effect that
T. I*. Orr. a well-known wir.e grower
cf Occidental, who left a week ago for
the East, has lost his reason as the re
tult of a most peculiar chain of circum
stances and Is now under restraint in
Chicago. Early in November Mrs. Orr
gave birth to their first child, a son. She
never recovered and after lingering for
£ month, passed away. Mr. Orr. accom
panied by his wife's mother. Mrs. Jane
Comerford. and brother, who were here
from Chicago, started East with the re
mains. According to a letter received
here to-day the train on which the party
was traveling was wrecked in lowa and
the baggage car, in which were the re
mains of Mrs. Orr, was telescoped and
completely destroyed by fire. The shock
proved too much for Orr, it is said, and
his mind gave way.
Mrs. Orr was a member of the well
known Comerford family of Chicago,
fc'he had b**en married but little over a
yp&r. Her brother. Frank D. Comer
ford, is a member of the Illinois Legis
lature and a prominent attorney of Chi
cago.
Syndicate Buys* a Town.
SANTA ANA. Dec 14. — The entire
town of Artesia, in Ix>s Angeles Coun
ty, near the Orange' County boundary
line, was sold to-day to a Santa Ana
syndicate for 5C0.000. The new owners
\u25a0wVI Iruild a hotel and otherwise irn
prAf ttiti place The purchase consists
of 100 acres.
Fartbquakc in Vallcjo.
VAI«L.FJO. Dec. 14. — A very sharp
chock of earthquake, lasting two sec
ond*, was felt here to-night at 7:45
o'clock.
The San Francisco Call.
Responding to communications from the Merchants' Sxchange of San Francisco President Roosevelt has written
a ietter in which he expresses his views concerning the Chinese boycott of American goods and also the exclusion
laws. TJhe {President writes that this Sovernment must do Justice as well as exact justice; that Chinese laborers
should be excluded, but thai the exempt classes of Chinese should be treated courteously. Sf the exclusion laws
need to be amended, American merchants must exercise their influence for amendment, he sags. (jhe
adds that the immigration department has acted with utmost harshness toward the Chinese, the fault resting
ultimately with mistaken public opinion. Uhe TTJerchants 1 Sxchange held a meeting and gave prompt acquiescence to
the views by adopting resolutions favoring such amendments to the exclusion laws as would cause them
to conform to what the Chief Executive deemed right and Just.
Reading during every hour of the long
weeks of new atrocities committed at the
very doors of her Russian home, and
fearing that her own family might be
sacrificed at any time upon this altar of
Ignorant brutalism, Gertie Galpern cried
with Joy yesterday when at her place in
the store of the Golden Gate Cloak and
Suit House the postman handed her a
letter from her sister at home. With aj
feeling of happiness she opened it and
began to read its contents. A moment
later and she stood paralyzed with ter
ror, for nowhere in the long letter did
her sister once mention t!»n name of her
mother.
Her breath came in hot gasps. Why did
not her sister mention her mother? Was
the mother of them all dead and her sis
ter trying to keep the secret from her?
Had Ehe been the victim of the troops of
the despotic Czar? Mental pictures of her
mother, forced to undergo every horror
and shame that ignorance could devise,
filled the thoughts of this little Russian
girl. Black thoughts of terror followed
in quick succession and in a few minutes
she had fallen into a fit of frantic hys
teria. \u25a0,:!: 5
The women in the store rushed to her
assistance. They could not comfort her.
She would believe none. She could not
be persuaded that her mother might not
have been mentioned in the letter through
a mere inadvertence on the part of her
sister. The women's,, efforts were useless;
she could not be brought out of her hys
teria. A call was sent in to the Central
Emergency Hospital for assistance and
the girl was taken away for treatment.
There Dr. Frank J. Tillman finally suc
ceeded in quieting her fears and turned
her over to friends who came for her.
Gertie Galpern is but 19 years old and
has been in America only one year. Her
father, mother and sister are living in
the country surrounding Moscow and
have been close to the scene of many ter
rible atrocities. They realized the danger
there and each two weeks wrote Gertie
assurances that they were welL Little
wonder, then, that the girl was
taken with hysteria when her sister did
! not once mention the mother's name.
Miss Galpern was born in Russia. More
over, she is proud of the fact that she
grew up to be independent, and a year
ago she came to San Francisco. Here she
worked and saved and wrote letters to
those whom she loved. Every two weeks
a letter came from her sisjter. carrying
the glad news that "All's well." Yester
day came the omission of the mother's
name and the terrible anguish of the
young girl.
Miss Galpern is living with a family at
BS2 Folsoxn street.
SAN .FRANaSCO, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1905.
Declares Government Must Do
Justice as Well as to
Exact the Same.
CHINESE LABORERS SHOULD
BE KEPT OUT OF COUNTRY
Exempt Classes Should Have
Courtesy Accorded When
JL ilcV V^vJJLULC JLXILIICI.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED BY
DIRECTORS OF EXCHANGE
President Roosevelt has written a letter addressed to Secretary T. C. Fried
lander of the Merchants' Exchange of San Francisco, In which, over his own
signature, he discusses the Chinese- restriction laws and Chinese boycott and
makes suggestions that will be read" with Interest. 1 :
The letter to which President Roosevelt replied was sent to Washington
by authority of the Merchants' Exchange by Mr. Friedlander as secretary of
the Exchange. Some time ago the Merchants' Exchange, when the Chinese
boycott on American • goods was comparatively new, held a meeting where
addresses were delivered and a communication to be addressed to President
Roosevelt in relation to the Chinese boycott was authorized. Subsequently
telegrams passed. The letter that is made public this morning was dated at
the White House, Washington, D. C. November 23. Since then the directors of
the Merchants' Exchange have met and adopted resolutions in which it is de
clared as follows: '* : <i
"In the opinion of the Merchants' Exchange the present Chinese exclusion
laws should, in justice and equity, be- so amended as to permit the free Ingress
into the country and the peaceful abiding within the confines of the United
States of Chinese business men, professional men, students and travelers."
The complete text of the letter written by President Roosevelt and the
resolutions adopted by the Merchants' Exchange are given herewith. Presi
dent Roosevelt's letter is as follows:
LETTER OF THE PRESIDENT.
"WHITE HOUSE, WASHINGTON, Not. 23, 1905.
Mr: Your communication of the 6th inst. lias been received. 1 trust
I need hardly say to yon that everything the American Government can
do Trill be done to put a stop to the boycott and to secure for our busi
ness Interests no less than for our other interests fair treatment In China.
Let me take this opportunity, however, of Impressing upon your great and
influential body the absolute need of securing from all good citizens sup
port in the effort of this Government to do Justice as well as to exact
justice.
Undoubtedly one of the chief causes of the boycott has been the abort
comings of the United States Government and people In the matter of the
treatment of the Chinese here. It is our right and duty in the interest of
our own vrage workers to keep out of this country all Chinese of the
coolie class — that Is, Chinese laborers, skilled or unskilled.. In the last
treaty this reciprocal right was explicitly recognized as inhering in the
two nations. The Chinese . have a perfect right" to keep out our 'wage
workers and we have the same right to keep out theirs. But there is ab- \u25a0
solutely no excuse for the failure on our part to treat In a spirit of
largest liberality and courtesy all Chinese business men, professional men,
students and travelers.
Under the law nnd under practices which grew up under the lair
these Chinese merchants, professional men, students and. travelers have
not been properly treated until within the past .year. Where the law
itself is to blame I am powerless and the law should be changed; but
within the past year the objectionable practices that have grown up un
der the law have been to a large extent stopped, thanks to the personal
efforts of Secretary Metcalf.
The Bureau of Immigration and the bureau It succeeded, under suc
cessive chiefs and under many administrations, acted with the utmost
harshness toward the Chinese, the fault resting ultimately with the public
opinion -which demanded- this harsh "reatraent, under an entirely mistaken
and improper Idea of what was accomplished thereby and of its need;
while there existed no sufficient body of public opinion on the other side
even to call attention in effective way to the abuses. .
It was some time before I thoroughly understood where the difficul
ties lay, and that in addition to the defects in the law there were de- v
fects in the practices handed down through a long succession ,of adminis
trations. These practices have not been remedied. The most effective work
that a body like yours can do In helping put a stop to the boycott Is ac
tively to champion these reforms that have been Introduced In the prac
tices of the , Bureau of Immigration, and the reforms necessary in the
PAUSES FOR THE BOYCOTT.
You can be absolutely certain that there will be no permanent re
covery of business conditions, so far \as they- affect American interests
in China, unless we can say with truth that all' just cause of complaint by
the Chinese against us has been removed. Of course the evil done by
such conduct as that I have recited on our part often continues to exist for
quite a time after the, cause of the evil has been removed; and, moreover,
it may be that the evil passions excited, partly by our own actions, will
in China produce results which cannot be met even by acting justly and
courteously on our part. If such should be the. case the American Gov
ernment will most assuredly insist with all possible firmness upon the
rights of its citizens and will take whatever means are necessary; to se
cure them. But -we must ourselves do justice; primarily because to do
justice is right, and secondarily, because only thus can we put ourselves
In a position to demand and insist upon justice being done to us in return.
You way 1b your letter that unless strong steps are taken to stop the
boycott American trade will be put back many years, and that the mer
chants of San Francisco feel that their Interests will be jeopardised. I
wish you to feel that I appreciate this, and that 1 am keenly alive to the
apprehension you express; but, I wish. you also to feel that I have done
everything' ln my. power 'to stop the boycott, and that the State Depart
ment has done everything In its power at present.
Anything further must.be done by your own representatives in • the
Senate and House, by . , way of making such changes In the exclusion ,la w
as to prevent the injustice and humiliation to .which the- Chinese who do
not belong to the coolie class have been subjected in coming to this coun
try. If you and all the '; other American merchants who are Injured by the
boycott will urge upon your re present atl ye» la Congress to do « way with
BEAUTY FILLS CENTURY HALL
Gaiety Club Gives' Initial-. Dancing Party for This Season,
Presenting a Scene of Youth -and Brilliance.
I If EMBERS OF THE- GAIETT CLUB. WHICH GAVE ITS FIRST DANCE LAST EVENING AT CENTURY HALL. MISS EMZ.A
BETH LIVERMORE WAS THE HOSTESS AT THE INITIAL AFFAIR. TH3RTT-FIVE YOUNG LADT MEMBERS WERB
PRESENT, WITH AN EQUAL NUMBER OF GALLANTS.
The Century Club ballroom present
ed a gay sight last evening, when the
Gaiety Club gave a charming dance,
Miss Elizabeth Livermore serving as
hostess' "._
With thJrty-ftve fair members and as
many dancjngr gallants, the affair ex
emplified the Jeunesse dor. youth and
beauty being salient points.
Organized by the younger maids of
society, none are eligible after the
ringing of wedding bells, and with the
passing of a member into the ranks
matrimonial a vacancy Is left, to be
filled by election.
The only giicsts are the men. whose
personnel is changed with each party.
Thus is variety provided, with the as
surance of partners, for no man re
fuses an invitation to the Gaiety. Miss
Helen Percy Chesebrough is president,
and each dance, is hostessed by a dif
ferent member.
The "cotillon is held in high favor,
the cause of the boycott, you will probably 'succeed. Sincerely yours,
'%:fi THEODORE ROOSEVELT. •
Mr. T. C. Friedlander, Secretary the Merchant*' Exchange. San Francisco,
California.
ACTION TAKEN BY EXCHANGE.
- The resolutions adopted by the Merchants* Exchange are, with the preamble,
as follows:
"Whereas, There is at present friction between the governments and the
people of the United States and China in relation to the present Chinese exclu
sion^ laws and their enforcement, which friction has found expression In the
Chinese boycott of American products and goods: and
'•Whereas, It is right and proper that all causes of friction between the
United States and China should be removed, having at all times due regard for
the fact that no change should be made whereby American labor, skilled or un
skilled, should be subjected. to competition with what are known as the coolie or
working classes of China: therefore be it >
"Resolved, That in the opinion of the Merchants', Exchange the present Chi
nese exclusion laws should. In Justice and equity, be so emended as to permit the
free ingress into the country and the peaceable abiding' within the confines of the
"United' States of Chinese business men, professional men, students and trav
elers; and be it further
"Resolved, That nothing herein shall be • construed as being in any way in
favor, of. the admission to the United States of the working classes or coolies of
China: and bait furtner :,
'"Resolved. That the Merchants' Exchange deprecates any personal invidious
treatment of any Chinese now in the Un'ted States: and be it further
"Resolved. .That the Merchants-E xchange ) commends the reforms that have
been Introduced in the. practices of the Bureau of Immigration in enforcing the
Chinese exclusion laws: and be it further ggggj
"Resolved that the Merchants' Exchange heartily approves . of the steps
taken jby the President of the United States to relieve tho tension caused by the
'improper treatment of persons of the so-called privileged classes of China seeking
admission to the United States, and that the Merchants' Exchange desires to
. exprers its thanks ' for the j attention "\u25a0 given the matter by. the 'chief executive of
-the ' United States. --' ' - ">\u25a0 '-' \u25a0-';':\u25a0 . " -v
- . -. . .
last evening's figures being led by
Lieutenant Thomas Self ridge, U. S. A.,
and Thurston Wharton.
The ballroom of the new Century
Club, with Its beautifully grained
\u25a0wood, scarce needs further adornment,
but the graceful arrangement of au
tumn-hued flora nevertheless, height
ened the general attractiveness. Ber
ries, with* the many-tinted leaves and
foliage, nodded with the vibration of
music and dancers, while the more
stately palms and Dotted plants lent a
dignity of background.
.Miss Livermore. the fair young host
ess, wore a delicate blue gown of silk
In - princesse mode, which ..was intense
ly becoming. Her sister. Miss Mattie
.Livermore, iras In a handsome whit*,
lace robe over white silk.
At the dance of January 3 Miss
Emilie.Parrott-win.be the hostess, the
two following parties to be presided
over respectively by Miss Elsie Tal
lant and Miss Anita Harvey.
Pages 1 1 to 20
THIEF WORSTED
BY BRAVE GIRL
Eedondo Miss Sits Tp in Bed
and Shoots at Man Climb
ing .Through Her Wiridow ;
Sseclal Disratch ta The Call.
' LOS ANGELES. Dec. 14.— Miss May
Rldgreway of Redondo proved that she
is not afraid of burglars, and that she
is something of a revolver shot, when
before daylight this morning she fired
three shots at a burglar who was In the
act of cllmbin? through a window to
her room. She had been out shooting
yesterday afternoon and had cleaned:
her 44-callber Colts before retiring for
the night. When a noise awakened her
and she saw the figure of a man tn the
window she did not scream, but reach-
Ing for the weapon she sat up in bed and
opened fire at the burglar. Th» dark
ness prevented her seeing the sights and
that probably saved the man's life, for
hex first bullet passed through the man's
hat. knocking it off, and he dropped to
the ground. The young woman ran to the
window and fired two more shots at him.
causing him to yell as if struck by a
bullet. The shots aroused the town, but
the would-be thief escaped.
WILL. SPKVDA UIHCe SVTH
OX AUIBOR-SATDfO ROAD
Reservoir Company to Build a Short
Railway to Haul Material
„ | to Mountains.
SAX BERNARDINO.' Dec. 14.— -J. &
Bright and A. R. Drew of the contract
ing firm of Bright & Drew have signed
a contract, which was filed this fore
noon, with Vice President and General
Manaprer Victor C. Smith or the Arrow
head Reservoir Company to build an
incline road from the foot of -the
switchback to ; Sky land, cutting- off
about six mil»s "of the road up th*»
mountains. The cost of .this work,
which Is to enable the company to haul
the material for the Little Bear Valley
dam under construction with cable cars.
Is •atlTCnted at ponatMsjr a— x : J1t.004,12
TELLS STORY
OF CONSPIRACY
' \u25a0 V . . . . f
Former President of Denver
Bank Gives the Details
of Irregular Transactions
lESTIFIES FOE STATE
Mfore Than Half a Million
Dollars of Deposits Loaned
on Valueless Securities
DENVER, Dec. 14.— Stocks of banks in
Texas, Oklahoma and the Indian Terri
tory and other securities, on which metre
than $500,000 of Denver Savings Bank
deposits was loaned, were' introduced 'in
evidence to-day at the trial of Leonard
B. Imboden and James A. Hill on the
charge of conspiracy to wreck the Den
ver bank. Some of these securities are
declared by the State's Attorney Co £>c
absolutely worthless.
Charles B. Wilfley, former president of
the Denver bank, who was indicted to
gether with Imboden. Hill and others,
who is a witness for the State, testified
that Imboden forced him to make a loan
of $sO.(WO to H. I*. Hull, taking as secur
ity 800 shares of stock of the Mount
Vernon National Bank of Boston. "W'il
fley was about to explain "the strange
Influence and the spell" in which Imbo
deu held him, when counsel for the de
fense objected and the objection was sus
tained. \u25a0 \u25a0
Wilfley also testified that Imboden
"forced him" to make a loan of $50,008 to
be used in securing control, of a bank at
Enid, Okla. Jle said that on January SO,
1904. he drew on the National Bank of
Commerce of Kansas City for $23,000
payable to E. E. Hull, but the money,
ho declared, was delivered to Imboden.
Tlie witness said that he was acquainted
with Hull's signature and that the in
dorsement of Hull on the draft was not
In Hull's handwriting and that Hull had
told him the same thing.
Wilfley declared that his signature on
a certificate of deposit for $5000 on the
Bank pf Commerce of Fort Worth,
Texas, was a forgery and he identified
the handwriting as Imboden's.
Holding: Membership Content.
A "membership contest" is being con
ducted in connection with the Young
Men's Christian Association. There are
four sides,' represented by four different
colors ;v; v the yellow Is the social depart
ment, the green the educational depart
ment, the red the physical department,
and the blue the religious work depart
ment. The 'contest will close December
31. at 10:«0 o'clock. Over 200 young men
joined last month. The losing side is to
furnish a dinner on the Sth of January.
One advantage of joining during the con
test is that the 52 entrance fee is omit
ted for the month of December. The
contest promises to be the most lively
ever witnessed in the association. The
membership is now over 2000.
Your .Nunic 1b Gold
Free of charge en ai! fine Seaiher card and
cigar cases, memorandum and ' bill books,
c :.;!\u25a0>\u25a0*. ctmeras. traveling sets and &I 1 Sn«
leather poods. £acborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Mar
ket street. •
Will Dedicate New Church.
The^new church edifice that was being
built by First Church of Christ, Scientist,
in San Jcse, has been completed and will
be dedicated next Sunday. Many of the
Christian Scientists of this city will go
to Saa. Jose to attend the services, and
arrangements have been made with the
Southern Pacific Company to run a spe
cial train for that occasion, which will
leave from Third and Townsend streets
at 10:15 Sunday morning and arrive in
time for the 1 o'clock service, returning
about 3 o'clock. Tickets for this trip, at
reduced rates, may be obtained at the
Christian Science reading rooms, 206
Kearny etreet, on Friday and Saturday,
or at the railroad station Sunday morn
ing.
Small ad. advertisers can only be cer
tain of their ads. appearing In Sunday's
Call — Christmas , edition — upon the
early delivery of their copy at this of
fice. \o ad*, will be received later than
7 o'clock Saturday uicbt.
Perri Acquitted an One Charge.
Salvatore Perri was acquitted by a
jury la Judge Dunne's court yesterday
on a charge of assault to murder. He
was charged with shooting Miss Au
gustina Perez at the entrance to a 10
cent theater on Broadway on the night
of July^i. He had been sitting behind
iiis-s Perez, and when they were leav
ing the theater, she accused Perri of
havir.fr cut her dress.. Perri -was at
tacked by the male friends of the girl
. and her sister and fired two shots from
a toy pistol, one of wie bullets striking
Miss Perez and the other striking
Francisco Gabin. He has yet to stand
trial on the Gabin charge. ;
It takes more than wind in the chest to
make wings grow, on the bacK. - •
HUNTING
Ts oncof the most enjoy-
able sports known to
mankind, and Marquettc
Whiskey adds joy to the
chase and health and
comfort when the day's
work is done.
Take it to the woods
Grommes & Ullrich
Distillers
Chicago, 111.
SAM FRANCISCO BRANCH
t 8 Beale Street
MarQiiette
"WhisHgy
CALLS MEETING
OF GOVERNORS
District of Columbia Super
' intendent of Insurance
Plans Great Conference
CHICAGO IS SELECTED
State- Officials Jnvited -<to a
Niitionhl:Gathering to 'Dis
cuss "Present Conditions
. WASHINGTON, Dec. 14,— Thomas E.
Drake, the "Superintendent- of' Insurance
for the District of Columbia, has ad
dresst^d a.' circular letter to. the Governors,
Attorneys General ahfl Insurance Com
missioners of all the States and Territo
ries!^ lav! ting them to at'tehd S. cdnference
to consider questions relating to ! Insur
ance a|t Chicago on Thursday, February
t. 4t 2G\a.'.m. This action follo^ several
conferences on insurance matters which
have recently been held in New York and
Washington and an' interview with Pres
ident Roosevelt^ last Saturday.
Debate on the recommendations in the
President's annual message regarding- in
surance regulations occupied the House
again to-day, without a conclusion. The
pending resolution refers the question,
to the Ways and Means Committee, and
in its defense, Payne, the chairman;, Made,
the argument that the only way Con
gress could control insurance was through
the taxing power. To this many obpec-.
tions were made. Members said Con-_
grcss could not afford to take the posi
tion that the only way Congress could
control insurance was through taxing it;
that it, should resolutely pursue other
methods^<)f control until some^w'ay was
found whTeh would be eft'ectiver
SCOTT ALLEGES CONSPIRACY. .
Insurance Witness Declares That He Is
Betas Persecuted.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14. — During the in
surance investigation to-day, Edward
W. Scott, president .of the Provident
Savings Life Assurance Society, made
an earnest appeal to Chairman .W.
Armstrong of the investigating: com-,
mittee to exclude from the hearing
certain statements bearing on his re
lations with the Equitable Life Assur
ance Society, of which 1 he was formerly
Australian agent. Charles E. Hughes,
counsel for the investigating commit
tee, had asked Scott whether the Equit
able Life Assurance Society had not
had a claim of {100,000 against him.
Scott declared that there was no such
claim against him and presented to
Hughes letters that passed between
Scott and President Alexander on that
subject in 1901, In which President
Alexander asked Scott to make a for
mal admission in writing that his ac
counts with the society, showing bal
ances of $57,933 due .the society, were
accurate. In one letter President Alex
ander wrote that Scott had accepted
the accounts. Scott's letter to Presi
dent Alexander proposed a conference,
but made no admission as to the ac
ceptance of the accounts. .•• ,
When these letters had been read,
President Scott made an earnest plea
to the committee to rule that this sub
ject was foreign to the .investigation.
He declared that he had been pursued
by enemies for 'several years; that in
1900 he caused the arrest and indict
ment of a man who had engaged with
the Equitable Life Assurance Society
to deliver to it records stolen from the
Provident Savings Life Assurance So
ciety; that a traitorous bookkeeper
who was In league with this man was
dismissed from the Provident Society's
employ, and that it was in connection
with these matters that his (Scott's)
relations with the Equitable were re
ported to the committee and in a spirit
of revenge. \u0084. . "
Though Hughes did not uncover Jußt
what the Equitable Society's claim
against Scott was based on, he brought
out from him the statement that the
Equitable Society had made such a
claim upon him and that Scott refused
to settle it.
Another incident In the testimony of
Scott was his statement that, when he
bought control of the Provident Sav
ings Life Assurance Society's stock, he
used $25,000 which had been lent by
that company to two of its agents in
order to enable them to buy 100 shares
of its stock. They did not buy the
stock and Scott said he took over the
loan and delivered to the society a
promise to turn Over to it 100 shares
of its stock- when be got the stock. It
is now held by a trust company, to
which he still owes $50,000 which he
borrowed to buy it.
CITIZENS* MAKE REPORTS
OF LOSSES TO POLICE
Burslnra and Sneak.. Thieves Continue
to Ply Tbeir Vocation Through
out City.
. Burglars and sneak thieves were busy
throughout the.ci^y'on Wednesday. E.
V. Golly. 1013 Filbert street, reported
that his house was- entered by breaking
a glass door in : the. rear, and -a g^old
watch, golden bracelet and gold neck
lace were stolen. \u25a0. .' v "...
.; James Southern," steward ,bn, the
eteamer Sea\ Foam, reported, that $17,
a sjlver watch. and a' gold chain had
been stolen from his stateroom.
Jacob Greenwood, 1501 *^ :: Market
street, reported that an overcoat; jim
brella, alarm clock' and. valise had been
stolen from one of.. the rooms.there by
a -man -who engaged a room and^got a
latch key. ' : . •
• Henry Gaylord and Jolnv Kormasser
reported that their room at"1490 Sacra
mento street had been "entered and a
sack coat and overcoat of the value of
ttft -stolen" - —
Charles Andrews reported that his
room at 217' Minna street had' been en
tered and an overcoat, sack coat, pair
of trousers, boy's coat and a Hibernia
bank book stolen.
James Gallagher reported that .two
chandeliers valued at $15 were stolen
from a fiat at 826 A Harrison street.
J. W. Thorn. 1310 Golden Gate avenue,
reported that a sack coat and a bail
receipt for »20 were stolen from his
buggy in Dickman place.
A tool house at a new building on
Ashbury and Waller streets was en
tered and tools of the value of $10
stolen.
Game Law Violators Punished.
Executive Officer Charles Vogelsang
of the Fish Commission announces the
trial and punishment by fine of Zaiser
&. Co. of Los Angeles apd A. Fodera
Sabatore Viasa, J. Defelso and A. An
astasia .of this city -for violations of
the duck laws. Antone Ricabona and
J. de Maggio of Suisun have been ar
rested for using set nets. The mini
mum fine' for their offense is $200. G
G. Russell, the railroad agent at Ham
let, Marin County, confessed himself
guilty of shipping underweight striped
bass. P. Lombardl of Hopland paid $40
Wednesday for having. deer meat in his
possession. J. Ferro of Oakland con
tributed $10 yesterday for slaughtering
meadow larks. °
While pursuing a mouse the other
day Mme. Delatour of Paris broke
through, the floor of her room and dis
covered a bOx containing $1000 in gold
coio
TFIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 15, 1905.
EXPRESS VIEWS
ON RAILROADS
Senators Flint and Perkins
Iteply to Sent
I to Washington From South
INDQESE ME, EOOSEVELT
President's Ideas on Hate
r Legislation' Seem to Suit
California Eepresentatives
.SANTA ANA, Dec. 14.— 1n response' to
Yesoiutions adopted: by the Santa Ana
Merchants' Association and forwarded to
the State Representatives at Washington,
President.' Roosevelt's position
on railroad rate legislation, that body has
[ ceceived expressions" from Senators Per
kins-arid Flint and from Congressman S.
C. Smith of'Bakersfield defining their po
si tions on the subject.
* Senator ' Perkins says: "I a^ l m full
sympathy with the views expressed by
President \u25a0 Roosevelt in his last message
to Congress. I am also in favor of pass
ing the most stringent law against the
.railroad companies giving special rebates
cr privileges to shippers. In other words,
I believe all should be placed on an equal
ity when shipping in carload lots. I also
favor the enlargement of the Interstate
Commerce Commission so that the West,
and: California especially, may be repre
sented upon that commission. I n °P e
that Congress will agree upon a bill and
enact it into a law that has the approval
of the- President and is in accordance with
the wishes of the people of the country,
and especially California."
Senator Flint's non-committal reply Is:
"I hay© no doubt that a bill will be
passed during the present session of Con
gress that will prove satisfactory to you
and your organization."
Congressman Smith indorses President
Roosevelt's stand in tha following words:
"I am in hearty sympathy with the Presi
dent in the matter."
MOBAN WILL TAKE
NEW PLACE TO-DAY
He Will Succeed Eogers and
A aron ll.' Powers Gets
Secretaryship.
Chief Examiner Edward F. Moran, sec
retary of the Civil. Service Commission,
will enjoy the distinction of being the
first man in the City Hall to receive a
commission after the recent election. It
was officially given out from headquar
ters yesterday afternoon that Moran will
to-day be named Civil Service Commis
sioner to succeed Commissioner Rogers,
who resigned some months ago. \u25a0\u25a0
Moran's appointment was foreshadowed
some time ago ' and therefore the news
will not come as much of a surprise.
Moran is very familiar with the affairs
of the office, having been appointed Chief
Examiner in January, ISOO, when the
charter first went into effect. He has
held, the position ever .since and made a
splendJiJ'. recprd. in.' tile; ojßlce. Moran was
formerly .a .well-known newspaper man
of thl3 city and is now a lawyer by pro
fession. .
Aaron H. Powers, formerly a well
known newspaper reporter, but now and
for the last six years editor and princi
pal owner of the Retail Grocers' Advo
cate, will, it is said, be announced as
Moran's successor. The . appointment is
scheduled to be made public to-day. At a
late hour last night Powers said he did
not care to anticipate news from the
political gazetteer, but he admitted that
lightning was about to strike him.
TECHNICAL SOCIKTY GIVES
RECEPTION TO ITS FRIENDS
E. T. Hewitt Reads a Paper On "The
Mission of the Polytechnic
School*."
The Technical Society of the Pacific
Coast gave a reception to its members,
guests and lady friends in the Assem
bly Hall of the Mechanics' Institute, 31
Post street, last evening. The presi
dent of the society, George W. Dickie,
gave a short address of welcome to all
present in the name of the society. He
regretted that the world took such
sraall interest in the things' which di
rectly concerned it and that there was
not a larger crowd present.
Owing to the absence ,jof Marsden
Manson, who' was to have read a pa
per on "The Struggle for Water in the
Great Cities, of . the United States," E.
T. Hewitt read a paper on "The Mission
of the Polytechnic Schools." The apeak
er dwelt at length on the new Poly
technic High School recently, built in
the city of Los Angeles. After present
ing the plans and photographs of the
building he told of the many modern
improvements and equipments, 'and
gave a detailed account of the studies
taught. The school opened Septembei
25 last, and has over 1200 pupils at the
present time.
SAtTRET AJVD SPEED ENTHBAIjIj
AUDIENCE WITH THEIR ART
French Violinist and English Pianist
Reach to Height of Idealism In
Their Interpretations.
Emlle Sauret, the remarkable French
violinist, and Arthur Speed, the equally
remarkable pianist, gave a Joint recital
last evening at Lyric Hall. It will linger
long in the \u25a0 memory and souls of those
who participate i. : : *„ .i : *;,
Rarely in • San Francisco^ has euch a
tremendous treat been given to her music
lovers. It was one continuous run of de
licious harmony. The interpretations en
thralled ' and held spellbound every man
and woman of the audience. . .: . .
Masterpiece after masterpiece was pre
sented with a finish and delicacy that
mounted to the very height of idealism.
It was a triumph for the. great interpre
ters and ever-to-be-remembered privilege
for those who almost breathlessly lis
tened to the, strains ' so.. mar velously pre
sented by both . artists.
. Saturday afternoon Sauret and Speed
will play once more. Their recital should
not be missed by the musical people of
San Francisco.
Gibbons' Copartner Arrested.
George Cavanauglv whom' Captain M.
O. Anderson of the Mission district is
satisfied was a partner of George Gib
bons, who -robbed the residence of Cap
tain Charles Douglas, a retired army
officer, at 1425 Vermont_j3treet, on No-^
vember 6, was arrested yesterday in the
MiEslon and booked on the : charge of
burglary. It is alleged that j Cavanaugh
and Gibbons entered the basement of the
dwelling of. Captain Douglas and j carried
away a clock' and five demijohns, which
they sold to a second-hand dealer.' Gib-
bons is now serving six - months in ." the
County Jail for the r offense, which was
reduced from a felony :to petty larceny;
Rabbi Nleto Will Give Lecture.
The third of the winter course of
lectures will' be ! given at r the -Temple
Israel on :.' California arid Webster
streets this evening. ... Rabbi '\u25a0 Nieto! has
selected for his subject, '"The- Penalty
of Ignorance," which: promises to /be
one of the' best lectures" of the: course."
The . services : will .begin promptly T at - 8
o'clock, , to ; which ; the public is «cofdial
ly invited . . : V ; -/ '
EIGHT REBATE
INDICTMENTS
Shippers, Freight Agents and
Common Carriers in Phila
delphia Grand Jiiry^ Net
PLENTY 6F EVIDENCE
Law's Violators Who feve
Are Granted Im
munity From Punishment
-PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 14.— Eight in
dictments were -returned by the Federal
Grand Jury } to-day against shippers,
freight agents and common carriers in
the rebate cases brought to the atten
tion of the Grand Jury yesterday by
United States District Attorney J. W.
Thompson. The indictments returned are
as follows:
Great. Northern Railway Company, for
offering a rebate, to R. D. Wood & Co.
of this city, on a shipment of 10,500 tons
of iron piping to Winnipeg.
C. L.' Campbell, local freight agent of
the Great Northern, same charge.
L. W. Lake of New York, general East
ern agent of the Mutual .Transit Com
pany, granting and giving a • rebate to .
the Wood Company.
Walter Wood. George Wood, Stuart
Wood and Richard Wood, members of
tha Wood" Company, accepting and re
ceiving rebates.
Paul D. Divere, local agent of the Mu
tual Transit Company, offering rebate to
the National Essence of Coffee Company
of this city, on a shipment from Phila
delphia to Minneapolis, August 4, 1905.
S Mutual Transit Company, offering re
bate on the same transaction.
Paul D. Divere. offering and 'giving re
bates (two "counts) to the National Es
sence of Coffee Company on a shipment
from Philadelphia to Winnipeg, April 17,
1905.
• Mutual Transit Company, offering and
giving rebates (two counts) in the same
transaction.
A large number of witnesses were sum
moned to give testimony. Immunity from
punishment was granted those^ princi
pals in the cases who appeared before the
Juiy and gave evidence. For instance,
President' Charles M. Reald of Buffalo,
president and general manager" of the
Mutual Transit Company, who was sum
moned as a witness in the Wood case,
was not indicted, but a true bill was re
turned against an agent of .the company
who was not asked to appear. Neither
was an indictment brought against the
traffic manager of the Wood Company,
who obtained the rebate for his firm. In
the case of the National Essence of Cof
fee Company, the indictments were
brought against the carrier and its agent,
the shipping company having supplied
the evidence.
SHIPPING* BILL DISCUSSED.
Senate Committee on Commerce Will
Report Favorably on Measure.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14. — The Senate
Committee on Commerce to-day took
up the flhipping.blll of the* Merchant
Marine Commission, and after consid
ering It ordered that it be favorably
reported to the Senate.. No, substantial
change was made in the bill.
Senator Mallory : signified that he
would prepare a minority report, not
against the mail subventions to new
lines, which ; have been unanimously
approved by the Merchant Marine. Com
mission, but against the proposed sub
ventions at the rate of So per ton . to
tramp vessels, steam and. sail.
MISS HAGKK IS A WINNER
OX THE IMJLESIDK LINKS
Two Down In the Second Klsjhteen-
Hole Competition Against liouey
tor Mullln* Cup.
The second competition for the Mul
11ns cup was held yesterday on the links
of the San Francisco Golf and Country
Club at Ingleside. It was won by Miss
Alice Hager, who came In 2 down
against bogey over eighteen holes.
Miss Hager received a handicap of two
strokes. Other contestants were Mrs.
R.D.Girvin (handicap 9), Mrs. G. V B.
Garritt (9). Miss' Ives- (10). Mrs. A. M.
Shields and Mrs. Leroy Nickel.
Miss Hager will play against Mrs.
R. G. Brown, who. won the first com
petition for. the Mullinscup, but who
did not enter yesterday's contest for
the possession of "the trophy. •
The final roundfior the first competi
tion for the Chesebrough cup between
Mrs. R. G. Brown and Mrs. . J. R. Clark
was not played yesterday.
Tennis Women in Handicap Singles.
The first tennis' tournament at handicap
singlet for a new three-time cup will
be contested on the courts In Golden
Gate Park to-morrow by the players of
the third class of the Ladles' Annex
Club. Seven players have entered the
event and as handicaps will be allowed
within the class it should develop some
interesting play.' The drawings were
held yesterday afternoon and resulted
as follows: Preliminary round. Miss
M. Crystal (80) vs. Miss F. Siedel
(15 3--6), MissE. Noble (If) vs. Miss
D. Weed (scratch). Miss C; Crystal (30)
vs. Miss C. Seidel (15 3-6), Miss D.
Ungor (15 3-6), a bye.
Learning the duty of happiness, we dis
cover the happiness of duty.
\u25a0•\u25a0.„,\u25a0- , . t - . .. ....... .. .. . ; .. ...
PV The materials used .iri brewing.
_. -. k_ Yosemite Beer would in themselves
1 /^rWflHl^^ produce a good beer if used by any '
\u25a0 frwfw mm <"i °^ c mo^ ern processes of most any v
''Iwlffllffi brewery, but these ; materials in our <
X hands, brewed and aged by our spe-
> ~ V WiimWww cial process, produce the rich malty
' T^^^^^^^^^^^^m the beer that is becoming more pop-
V^^-3|lljBllllli|ll| «l ar every day. Order Yosemite
'. • • Beer from your dealer and drink it
•• \t^^^^^^p ; with your meals.
j|jjjjj| Enterprise Brewing Co.
I 0-o^p~J z 1 6th and Folsom Sts.
V r "' - Phone Mission 152
EL6APITAN- Alameda County Agent— Ed. Freund
\/rPOMTMERn<SR. \u25a0. 806 Isabella St., Oakland
%TOTHETOPJ3. \u25a0' :\u25a0'..'\u25a0 / ' : ;
72W 3/MZy HIGHER V . \u25a0\u25a0-.: • ... . -'
•. THAN; TfiS CALUBWLDIHQ. \ • _____*_i_l--_±'_. \u25a0„_\u25a0_\u25a0'' ' TOlf*'
TIGERS PROVE
EASY VICTIMS
Lose Their Fourth Game of
the * Post Season Series
for the Championship
FIVE HITS OFF TOZER
Morley ? s Hen Support the
Pitcher Without an Er
ror in Splendid Style
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 14.— Los Ange
les took to-day's baseball game from
Tacoma easily by the score of 4 to 1.
This makes four out of five victories
for the home team. One . more game
will give them a majority of the nine
games scheduled and the pennant. Four
games yet remain to be played. Tozer
pitched wipning ball for the home team
to-day, and allowed but flve hits. The
team also playedl without an error.
Keefe, who started to pitch for Ta
coma, was wild in the second Inning.
After filling the bases and forcing in
a run with a base on balls and allow
ing a single which gave the locals an
other run. he was taken out. , Brown,
who replaced him. was more effective,
although two runs were made off him.
The visitors made three errors In 'the
field. Casey being the - principal of
fender. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
\u25a0 AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bernard, c. f 4 0 1 o'3 0 0
Ross, c. 4 0.1 0 40 0
SchJafley. 2b. ..i... 4 1 10 1 6 0
Brashear. 3b. ...:.. 3 0 00 010
Dillon, lb. 3 1 0 1 12 0 0
Cravath. r. t. 31 20 4 0 0
Ellis, 1. t 2 110 8 0 0
Atz, s. s. 3 0 0 0 0 4 0
Tozer, p 2 0 00 0 0 0
Totals 28 4 6 \u00841 27 11 0
TACOMA.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, r. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Sh«ehan. 3b 3 1 1 2 3 SO
Nordyke, lb 3 0 0 0 6 11
Eagan. b. s 3 0 1 0 1 0
Lynch c. 1. 4 0 1 0 1 00
Casey, 2b 4 0 0 o'3 2 2
HcLaughlin. 1. f. ...4 0 0 0 8 10
Graham, c 3 0 2 0 5 8 0
Keefe, p 1 0 0 0 O 2 0
Brown p 2 0 0 0 11 0
•Hogan 10 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 82 1 5 2 24 IS 3
•Hogan batted for Brown In the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 02000002 x— 4
Base hit 5...... ' 1 0 0 12 0 0 2 x— 6
Tacoma 00 100000 o—l
Base hits .. 00 2 00010 2—5
SUMMARY.
Sacrifice hits — Cravath, EM». Brashear. Hits
Off Keefe .1. oft Brown 5. Left on bases —
Tacoma 7. Los Anffelea 6. First base on
called balls — Off Tozer 4. off Keefe 2. off
Brown 2. First base on errors — Loa Angeles 2.
Struck out— By Tozer 2, \u0084by Brown 4. Two
base hit— Cravati.. Hit by pitcher— Atz. Time
of tarne — 1:65. Umplre^ — Perine.
STANFORD OARSMEX ORGANIZED.
STANFORD Dec. 14.—
The executive committee of the Stan
ford University body decided . at the
regular meeting heldilast night to In
clude .Intercollegiate boating within
the care of the associated students,
thus putting it on a par with foot
ball, track athletics and baseball.
This action of the committee is' re
garded as a signaPvictory by all oars
men. Some time back the athletic com
mittee allowed the members of the boat
crSw the privilege of the varsity "S."
This caused considerable comment In
the community and was roundly cen
sured by the university press. The
members of the committee, who had
taken what was seemingly hasty action
became alarmed and at a special gath
ering talked of dropping the sport al
together. s Pressure from the outside
was brought to bear, which, coupled
with a generous offer of the San Diego
Boat Club to entertain both univer
sities, caused the men at the head of
the movement t<^ suggest that the' sport
be made a student body and not a club
affair. The action, last night was the
culmination.
Another long suffering aggregation
of athletics of the cardinal were given
the privilege to use the name of Stan
ford when challenging opponents. The
men thus favored were the members of
the basket-ball sauad.
To : morrow evening they will exer
cise their newly acquired right when
they meet a team from the Young
Men's Christian Association of Stock
ton. • The contest will be held at the
river town and the men who will play
will leave in the morning. . The teams
will line up as follows: Stanford — W.
H. Masters '09 and C. L. Peck Jr.. for
wards; P. B. Delano '08, center; R. H.
Bookmeyer '08 and G. J. Presley '07.
guards. . - - -
- Stockton — Rule and Ingis, forwards;
Thomas, center; Conklln^ and. Jackson,
guards.
Olympic Club's Christmas Jinks.
The Christmas Jinks of the Olympic
Club, an ambitious effort - founded on
the story of Robin Hood, will bo pre
sented to-night and also to-morrow
night in the club gymnasium j for the
members. The best vocal, literary and
artistic talent has been drawn upon- to
make the affair a brilliant success.
President William Greer Harrison has
written some of the songs. Amon^ the
participants will 'be Dr. Shiela, E.
Courtney Ford, R. M. Rotating and
other clever society actors.
We tiire #|^^50i
I Until January Ist I
| '^HteL--'-^ Wl!1 Treat ny Sln 2te Un " I
I aT^^^^H complicated Ailment. *j
1 m^lm ndsr Absolute Guarantee §
I y&.W^- No Pay Unless Cured
I 55!^ W OCR SPEQAL OFFEB: &ia^ t Sr.SS£"«iSS.
H^Hfcy#. y^tt>^ Ut« and moxpcrUnced physician* wtthcnit rjeefvlng any
H^RHS^ i^L f\^* Unefltr^* bar. decided to mak. a •jwcial offer to charge
I W^y «ly one-half of our recular fM for curing "i o "****^ $
M kSgr — \ZX/^^£* now undergoing trea«o«ot elsewher* and ax«_dl»atufled . J
9 . provided they coma to vlb befor* January 1. 19C6. For ta-
H stance. If you are afflicted with eith«r Hydrocela. Strictnre or Nynrpu. D^," 3 "-^'
H charge for curing either of which without any conrollcatlona. Is $25.00. we will Ifuar
H ante« to cure you for $12.50. and accept the mon«y in any way you wian ** »*J- /**
M will aleo cure Contagious Blood PoUon for $12.50. whhjh Is Just half ow ««rul*f ; »£• _
H Th« liberal offer is made to enable those to b« cur«l who ***• »?« Ntn t vjrJf-?S? ZbSi W
B doctoring without relief and to show th» man*»wtoo ha,v« treated wlth ,* oX ?*f, 0 I L^ xz P
B sldans without benefit that we naye th« only method* that produce a llfe-lon* cure. fo
S Onr methods are up-to-date and axe endorsed or thm hUja««tm*dioml ||
H authorities of Europe and America. Hence onr sneeesa la tke treatment ||
n of men's diseases. Remember, onr specialty Is limited t» the diseases of gj
g MEX. and MEX OXLT. 0
0 PRTVATB DISEASES— NewIy contraottd and cartwde cas«s eared. AH barate*. R
g Itching and inflammation stopped in 24 hours; cure* effected la 7 days. A
g We corer the entire field of private and ciroalc. deep-seated, com- R
a plicated diseases. \ fct
A LIFE-LONG CURE FOR I
I ULCERS SKIX DISEASES . H «
I STRICTURE PJLES AJTTi FISTULA • E
I HYDROCELH^~ PROSTATIC DISEASES 'A
I V^SSr?F I SsON ]•; HBRTO-VITALMBILITT |
|l CHRONIC DISCHARGES KIDNEY AND BLADDER DUEASEI ~|
II \u25a0 WRITE* if you cannot calL AH correspondence etrlctly coafldeaUal sjxd all re- Tj
] piles cent in plain envelope*. No names, eases, letters or photograph* of patients
ij published or exposed. Inclose 2-cent stamp to Insure reply. fj
|| . . Hoars S to 6, T to 8 Dally i Sundays, 0t» 13. f|
I DR. HOLSMAN & CO. I
I 729 MARKET ST. (Top Floor), S. F; J
RAIL^VAYjrnAVEL. r^ juw^ r
l^ra^l] 1 IMITFD
miS. j^M y^a To Chicago ia Three Days.
with Dined and Slccpet.
~ Santa Fc Trains
7:30 a. m.l For Stockton, Merced. Fresao,
and } Hanfcrd, Vlsalla. Bakenfleld
8:00 p. m. J and Intermediate points.
0:30 a. m. — California Limited three days to
Chicago every day. Direct con-
nection to Grand Canyon.
0:30 a. tn. — Valley Limited, tor Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno. Hanford, Vlsalta
and BakersQeld and Points on
. the 'Sierra' Railway.
4:00 p. m. — For Stockton and Intermediate
points.
8:00 p. m. — Overland express, far Chicago^
Kansas City. Denver and Grand
Canyon.
TICKET OFFICES.
653 Market street San Francisco
Ferry Depot San Francisco
1112 Broadway Oakland
27 South First street San Josa
CALIf GRMA KOBTfiWESTEBN BY. Ctt
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS — 7:30. 9:00 a. m.'; 12:35. 3:30.
5:10 6:30 D. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30 a. m.: 12:35. 3:30. 0:10.
6:30 p. m. • -•
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEKS DAYS— «:O3. 7:33. 7:50, »:20 *. m.l
12:60, 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:O3. 8:00. 8:16. 9:40 a. m.; 3:40,
4:60. 5:00. 5:20. 6:30 P. m.
Leave i I In Effect . J Arrtv*
EanFran. j Oct. 8, 190Cw \ Saa Fran.
We«k I Sun- J Deatina- J Sun- I Wwk
Days. I days. I tlon. { days. | Days.
7 -30 a 8:00 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:00 a 9-30 a Unaclo. 10:40 a 10: 20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p «;0»P 8:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p ?:30p
9:00 aj 9:30 al Napa. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p 1 5:10 pt j 6:2op| 8.20 p
-\u0084,(.; " 9:10 a 8:40 a
7 - 3 ° ft i 8:00 a Novato. W:« al g:gS
3:30 p 8:30 a Petarama I «:05p 6.20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7 .35 p
, f 6:10 P ' Santa Rosa. :
"-;.«_ . 10:40 a 10:25 a
| 8:00 a Fulton. T-SOP «=2O p
3:30 p 3:30 p \u25a0
T-iOa/8:0Oa H*ald*bSr» 10:40 a 10^5*
I Lytton _^ m m^
8-80 p| 3:30 p Geyservllle T:3op 6:20 p
' j Cloverdale j
-.on « I o-ooal Hopland 110:40 a' 10:25 a
3:1o p| 3J30 3 and Uklah \ 7=30 p( 8:20 p
— ~\ j -Wllllts and I I
T:80al8:00af Sherwood |7:50p(6:20p
-!o A «i g-00 al \u25a0 Jlo:4oa|lo:23a
BJ3O l\ 3^30 pI OowßerHl* I 7:30 pj 6:29 p
7-SOat 8-00 al Sonoma I 8:10 ai 8:40 a
6il0p|o:10pl Glen Ellen 1 6:00 p( 6:20 p
-:30al 800 at ' 10:40 aj10:23 a
S^Op SebastopoL 7:80 p 6:20 p
5:10 Pi 5:10 Pt '
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Ouentln- at Santa Kosa for White Sulphur
efnrinßs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservill* for Bkages
SDrlngs- at Cloverdale for th« Geysers. Boon-
viile and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan"
Borings: Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. BarU«tt
Borings and Lake. County Hot Springs; *t
Uklah 'or Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
moT: Lakesv Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Sprlagi
iinoer Lake. Porno, Potter Valley, John Day"*,
lJerly*s. .Hullvllle. Orr*a Hot Springs Half-
way House. Comptche. Hopkins, Mendoclno
City, Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal; at Wll-
llts for-. Hearst and Sawyers: at Sherwood far
Fort Bragg, Cahto, . Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cnm-
mings. Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruit-
land, Dyer, Garbervllle. Camp 5. Pepperwood.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday, and Monday round -trip tickets' at
reduced rates.
On Sunday— Bound-trip tickets to an point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market at.. Chroaicla build-
ing.
JAB. AGLER. R. X. RTAJT,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Art.
7b SAN RAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sawaallto Ferry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart week days and Sundays at 7:00 (ex-
cept Sunday), 7:45, 8:25, 9:10. 9:50. 11:00 a in..
12:20, 1:45, 3:15. 4:35,* 5:15. 5:50. 6:30. 7:15.
9:00. 10:15 and 11 :3."j p. m.
For \u25a0 Fairfax, -»e«k ' days — 7:45 a. . m.. 5:15
p. m. dally, except Sunday; and 3:15 p. m.
Saturdays only. - Sundays and holidays — 7:43.
9:10 a. m.'^fciaSBji/UM!iSi»Jil|i| l>ll%l
. THROUGH TRAINS. r
7 :45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
8:15 p. m., Saturdays only, for Point Reyes
and way. - - ' \u25a0 . -\u25a0:
TICKET.OFFICE— 6SO Market st.r
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
tVIT.TAMALPAis Railway
JK«?S§^k Leave S. F. 9^o a m 1:15 ? M
JSWS^ilwl Arrive S. F. 30:45 A M 2:55, 6:3^ PM
\^^g£^ SATUE3IT OttT .- . . •
Lv. 5.F. 4:35 pm Ar. S. F. 11:25 pm
' SU3DiTS AJTO LKll HOU3IT3
Lt. S. F. 8:25,9:50.11:00 am 1 .45km
.: ; '•' V' • - Ar. S. F. 1:30, 2:55, 4.-23, 6:22 TM
TICUT. I 650 Market ST.,(Nbrth Shoreßailroad) '
OfIICSS I and Sausauto Fsrky. Foot Market St. ,
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
# Trains leave and are da* '
to arrtTe at - v
SAN FRANCISCO/
Fxcuf Cxcxxßxa 5, VXO.
Fssar Dxpot
(Foot of Market Street)
ijmt*— MAIN LINE. —Aiwi^a
7.00 a E Unlra, Vacarllle, Winters, Boxnsey 7-43P
7450a Richmond, Beolcia. Sacramento,
Snlxon and Way Stations 7-23P
740a Vallejo. Kapa, Callttoga, Santa
Rosa, Martinez. San Ramon 8-Ohp
7.40A51!e*, Pleasantoa. Llvermore,
Tracy, Latnrop. Stockton 7-23P
B.ooa Snasta Exprets— (Via Davis),
William*, Wlllowa. tFruto, Red
Blufi, Portland. Taeoma. Seattle. 7.43P
8-OOADavl*, Woodland, Ka! she* Landing,
SlarysTllle. OroTUle , 7.43P
8.20 a Martinez. Antlocc, Byron, Tracy.
Stockton, Sewman, Los Banoa, * .
Mendota. Armona, Haniord, • . r-_r -_
Vlaalla. PorterTlUe \ 2*2 aS
B. 2oa Port Costa. Latarop. Merced, Mo- ' 4#4BP
. det to, Fresno, fianford. Vlsalla,
Bakenfleld 4-43*
* B>4QAKllea, San Jose. JUrermore. Stock-
ton .ttMllton). VaUwy aartn»v..r:«
lone, Sacramento, PlaeervUle,
Cotfax. Marysvllle. Red 81uff.,.. 4.CBP
840AOakdale, Calnese, Jamestown,
Bonora. Tuoltnnne and Angels... 4 08l>
900 a Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 4-23P
9 40a Richmond. Port Costa. Martinez
and Way Stations (tConcord) .... 843p
10 20 a Vallejo. Dally. Napa. Sunday only 7.43^
10.20aLos Anseles Passenger— Port
Costa, Martinez. Byron. Tracy,
Lmthrop, Stockton. Merced.
Kaymond. Fresno. Gosben Junc-
tion. Eanford. Lemoor«, Vlsalla,
Bakenfleld, Los Angeles 7-08P
10-20AE1 Paso. Kansas City. St. Lonls and
Chicago 7.08p
11.00ATbe Overland Limited— Omaha,
Chicago, Denver, Kansas City... 5-43P
11>40a Nlles, San Jose and Way Stations. 2-48p
ti -OOP Sacramento River Steamers ...... tiI. OOP
3-20PPort Costa, Martlnez.Byron.Tracy,
Modesto. Merced. Fresno 12-03<»
3.4oPBen!cla. Winters, Sacramento, '
Woodland. Knights Landing, '.
Maryrrllle and Orovllle 10.48 a
3-40pHayward. and Way Stations I 7.4J^...
4.ooP Vallejo, Martinez, San Ramon, l
Kapa, CaUstoga, Santa Rosa > B>2&«]
4.ooPXlle», Tracy. Stockton, LodL * 10.28 a
4.40p Hay ward. Nlles, Irvlngton, SanJ t8.48A
Jose, Lrrermore .....) tl 1.43 a
5. 00p The Owl Limited— Newman, Los
Banos, Mendota, Fresno, Tularu,
Bakersfleirt, Los Anselea j 8.43 a
B.OOp Golden State < Limited— El Pa« 9,'
Kansas City/ St.- Lonls and
Cnlcsgo'., „'. 8.48 a
fs.2opHaTwarl. Nlles «rtd San Jose, fr.-n 7.08 a
i 6.20p Vallejo. Port. Costa,; Benicla. Snl- .
._\u25a0«_'- »nn. Sacramento «11-23 a
Ib.COp Eastern Express— Omaha, Chicago.^
** 'Denver, Kansas City, St. Louis.'
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento,. _
.Beno, Sparks, Montello. Ogden .i 12.43r»
:B.2t)PHayward, Nlles and San Jose ...:.*.l 9.43 a
l7.Copneno Passenger— Port Costa. Be-
ntcta. Sulsan.l Elmira. Dtson.*
\Uavl», Sacramento. Sparks, Tono-
„ pah, Goldfleld andKeeler....;.: 7-03 a"
• /JJOPTallejo," Crockett 'anfl Way Sta-
tions. Sunday 0n1y..: 11.23 a
iB-20POregon 3s California Ex press— Sac- 1 . .
. ramento. Marysvliie, . Redding,]
i Portland. Pnget Sound anl East/ 8.48 a'
I 8-OOp Hay ward. Nlles and San Jose (Sun-
i day only) tll.4BA'
COAST LI N E (Narrow «an 3 e).. J
I (Foot of Market Street.)
; .8-15 Newark, Centervtiie. San Jose,-
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa'
Cruz and Way Stations .' 5-osp"
t2-ISPN(?war)t. Centervllle, San Jose,
\u25a0 New Almaden, Los Gatos. Fetton. i
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations fIO.SSX
4.lsp2f3wark, San Jose. Los Gatos .... j jjgjgjj
94SpHunters Train*- (Sfttarday only)
San Jo«e and Way Stations J7.593
COAST LINE (Uroa.l wauue).
t3T"(Thlrd aud Tuwnscnd Streets.)
'. 6-lOa Saa Jose and M»y stations 830p
/XJOASaa Jose and Way Stations 5-40*»
B.OOANew Almad«n (Turs., Frl., only).. 4>ICS/
84J0A The Coaster-San Jose, Salinas,
Saa Artto, Paso Kr.bles, Banta
Margarita. San Lnls ObUpo.
Gnadainp«. Osvlota, ganU Bar-
bara. San Buenaventura, Uxnaxd,
Burbank. Los Angeles 10.30!»
B.OOA GUroy, Hollister. Pajaro. Castro-
vllle, Del Monte, Psdaa Grove,
Surf. Lom&oc 10-30P
SCOASan Jose, Tres Plaos, Watsonvllle,
Capitol*. Santa Cruz. Pacific
Grove, Sallnas.'San Luis Oblspo
and Principal Way Siatlona 4.ICP
10.30 a San Josa and Wity Station* 1.20(»
li.3oASaaJosoand WaySutloca 7.409
2-15pSanJose and Way Stations 8.36 a
3 OOP Del Monte Express— Santa Clara.
Ban Jose. Watson vtii;. Santa
Cruz. Del Monte, Moateroy
Pacific Grove 12.1SJ*
t343oPLo<i Gatos. Wrlfht, BonldwCreeS.
Sacta Cm. via Santa Clara, and - - ,
-Narrow Gaoga ...*-".. ......... - 104Sa
ZSOpSiaih San Fraacl3co. San Jo3e,
• GUroy, Hollltter. Tres P1n05..... 10.45.^
4.3opSan Jo«o and Way Stations \u25a0 ij 55^
15-OOPSanta Clara. Sna Jose. Los Gatoa, M 00a
|s.3opS«nJoseandPriaetpalWaySuUons j?HOA
s^spSuns<rt Express— Redwood, Saa
Jos?. Gllror, Salinas, Paso
RGbtes. S.aa Lula Oblspo, Santa -
Barbara, Los Angeles, Demtng;"
El Paso, New Orleans ;."....-.:.-... 9.10*
5.43 pEI Paso,* Kansas City, Bt. Louis, **""•
Chicago. i.............\.... am.
s.4sPPalaro. Watson villa, Capitolal lU *
Santa ,. Crnz. Castrovtlle, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove \u25a0tajßla
tB.lEP3an Mateo, Beresford. Bebnoat,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto +fl jsa
6.3opSan Jose and Wsy Stations ftja.
fi.OOP Palo Alto and Way Stations " * iSil'J
11.30PS<wtaSanFrancisco, MUlbrae.BnK lU - lOA
Un«ame. San Mateo, Bcimone.
Ban Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oakiu
-- .« a M«e1o Park and Palo Alto . . ;~7 O^Sa
11.30pSatardays onlytor Mayfleld, Moual " 4{>P
tala View. Sunnyvale. Lawrence
Ssnta Clara and Sni Jose J3 45a
OAKLAND HARBOR FXrTSI? —
<Soot of Slarfcet St.) "" V
, t 7.15 a.m. 9.00 a. ». 11.00 a. m JL
1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. b tSnV*
iPally. and gtopa at ill stations on' Snaday.SPORTS
PRGE
THREE HORSES IN A SPILL
AND RIDERS ARE UNHURT
Andrew B. Cook Is
Beaten a Head
by Tocolaw.
Byronerdale Loses
by a Nose and
Is Claimed.
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
Three horses going down almost in a
he*P and three riders floating through
space, all caused through a spill on the
far turn In the openinr event, gave the
crowd at Ingleside track yesterday a se
vere scare. Battiste with his mount,
Suavlta, were the first to go down, the
colored lad being sharply cut off soon
after passing the half mile pole. Frank
Reed on Tony Girl and J. J. Walsh with
the leg up on Miss Curry next took what
looked like a bad header. Fortunately
none of the riders was injured, although
Reed had an inch or so of cuticle re
moved from one hand.
The racing was almost devoid of class,
and dumps were frequent. Adirondack
and Esherin were the two winning favor
ites.
BAJfTA RJLT ROS THIRD
Santa Ray, a highly touted filly from
Jack Clifford's etable, faced the barrier
for the first time in the maiden two-year
old scramble and was installed favorite.
She did not loom up as if possessed of
Stake qualifications, finishing an ordinary
third. Sug&r Maid, a 4^i to 1 chance, with
bright up, won easily from Travora.
Adirondack, played from 3s down to 11
to 6, beat a riffraff collection in the first
xnlto selling affair as if he might have
been nominated by acclamation in the
Jockeys' room. Jack Little tried for all
he was worth, taking the place from Ora
MeKinney. If some of the other starters
are capable of no better things they
should be hustled off to the abattoir.
Leslie Coggins' mare Esherin took the
third event, also decided over a mile un
der celling conditions. There was little
tction behind her, and at odds of 7 to 5
the went out and won all the way. Bock,
astride Warte Xicht, made a hike from
tc-uth position in time to down Hilee for
the place.
After Jimmy Ooffey had lost enough
betting on Lucrece to purchase a block
of Standard Oil stock, the id^a hit him
to try Tommy Clark on the mare. Her
price went from 8 to 12 in the betting done
on the third mile selling recital, and she
docked first by a ler.grth.
rOWRLI/S SLEEPY RIDE.
Powell's eleepy effort en Dixie Lad
brought the 3 to 10 favorite in second,
end Fastoso ran a fair third".
Both Toco.aw and Andrew B. Cook
started - off on- equal torms when the
layers chalked ur> odus on the seven
starters in the Qve-furicng purse run,
each being quoted at S to 5. The coin
poured in so strong on Cook that the odds
about Tocclaw lengthened to 14 to 5.
Tommy Clark rode Andrew B. Cook, and
while he used every endeavor the bush
sprinter bore out as usual on the turns
end through the stretch. This -cost him
The race, for Graham saved ground on
the rail with Tocolaw, winning the de
cision by a scant head. The show went
to Ruby.
Knarp made an awful botchy mess of it
with Byronerdale, favorite for the con
cluding mile and hundred yards selling
affair. In consequence L>. Williams
landed The Lieutenant a nose in front of
the odds 6n choice at the wire. Barney
i Echreiber> Ed Sheridan ran into the
ehotr. j
UTOTES OF THE TRACK.
Jockey Frank Graham appears to be
gritting Into nis stride, for he dropped
two winners over the plate. He rode
a careful, well-judged race on Tocolaw^
The opening race was full of acci
dents and incidents. Besides the trou
ble on the far turn, Mcßrlde, who pilot
ed Alumdina, figured in an unpleasant
episode Just after the finish. His mount \u25a0
bolted to the outside fence, and in the j
mix-up Mcßride luckily escaped with
a bruised foot. The accident kept him
out of the 6ad<Sle the balance of the j
afternoon. ,
J. J. Walsh made his California debut |
\u2666n the back ot'Mlss Curry. The New
Torker «ustalned no Injury, and later
on piloted Red Reynard.
Elerea Bells, second choice in the
third race, was buffeted about at the
first turn, after which W. Smith made
&o move with the mare. If all riders
were like Smith bookmaklng would be
a grand business. Owner Davies should
Impress on his apprentice that perse
verance la a virtue, and ln doing this
should uee a full-sized shingle upon
that part of his anatomy that he uses
most while resting; his legs.
The two-year-old stakes of the New
I . 1 1 Can Cure You With Electricity
&*3££SJ[\ w-^-v I can mako the blood circulate ln your
rJ^vtA* V^^\ veins, the nerves tingle with vigorous
i i N. ISfo an<l the splrlt of energy show Itself
' Is£hl t ' n every move of your body.
gtf(f jsv r *^ "Bwfr 1 can take any man who has a. spark
= V&JV SC.JW.T of vl *allty ltft in his veins and fan it
' tsE^'^ j\. *T»rt'rsi«i»^ lnto a fla , me and mak e him feel like a
fi3§r*!<^« I i®^S»v 1 can help a rheumatic to drop his
! ny Avii \i\ Vvfisf raJwr cane and crutch and hop around like a
I & viiykWi/^L&P ucr^&W boy * I l:a(3 a P atl^nt come into my of-
' f >MWt V \Tr^/ f3£&& flee recenll >' an <* Jump over a chair to
/ JS&^-vAIZyrS £^42^-* show me that he was youns again.
VCslL^*^SES3^Jf^^a How do x d 0 v? B>"B >" filling' the blood
tne nerves - the organs and muscles with
M*f^Bm^^^^mSS^mr electric energy— that 13 what Nature
<^S^h^^Pg» Pave them at first; that is what they
( '^ttWU^vt VN^l#tsL have lost when y° n down.
! BUSm 7bfyv^K That Is how x cure > and that is I
" oZr^ flc X I\ V S^^^^37 am ?o 6ure tnat J can cure. You have
s ¥^? j/l l • \ P?&3£sfrM the body that needs the power, and I
t "^fc^,pWX fti>Tar^V have the power and know how to use it.
£*£>*4^ MrE&rß4 Don't you want to feel th» vim and
©ri J i g¥ life in your nerves as you used to; to
- see the sparkle in your eye; to have
i „ . <>.. ' the spring: in your etep and the light-
en m.t'aithiiv rtSr «ir- ness ln your heart that go with vigor-
t o ?S" of t^-^reSind in <>«s manhood? Life Is too short to miss
IS*? will l u M S? y sS^o« toidS any of the pleasures that belong to It;
fo? the splendid outfit you «ent me. so whs'; don't you enjoy them as long as
I wear the belt three or four hours ICature Intended?
every evening after I quit work, and Now don't delay. Enjoy all the hap-
lt hat taken all the pain out of my p i ne ss you may In this world. You can
rheumatic arm. and the weakness £ without health and strength.
Si l SSK? SJSfSorSS Call and see me. or write to me anoVlet
al£'tun£?ai4^ ftrTwSTa v?r? me tell you whether I can cure you or
2fcV m^when I csLeTo *o^ Z not. I have a beautifully made book
month e«t>. Youm respectfully, which explains my treatment. If you .
A. M. Farrsll, will Bend this ad. I will mall it, sealed,
m^ m^ mmmmmmm — m 2^m2S^SS^J^SSii^ free. Consultation free. Act now.
dr. n. c. Mclaughlin, '""is&s&'gSF?-
Ji Office Hour*— B a. m.to 8 p. m. Sundays. 10 to L Not sold in drueßtores.
FITZ'S CONDITION IS PRAISED
SELECTIONS
AT INGLESIDE
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
Flmt rnce— Cnptnln Burnett,
Promlacncc, Abe Meyer.
Second race — Box Elder,
Duell<rt, Olympian.
Tblrrt rnce— lll Cmal Cap,
Klrveii Bells, Haven Run.
Konrth race — Gossiper, The
Ronatnbmit, Georce P. MeVear.
Fifth rnce— Briers, Hey Dnre,
Maid of Fennoy.
Mith race— Gateway, Blue
Eyen, 'Wcxford.
California Jockey Club closed with the
following large number of nominations:
Bell stake. 112: Gebhard handicap, 112;
Undine stakes. 76. and Gunst handi
cap, 62.
That nose finish between Byroner
dale and The Lieutenant ln the last
event separated Jack Crane from his
honest old gelding. Jack Keene, owner
of Ked Reynard, claimed Byronerdale
for *915.
The sale of Antrim Stock Farm year
lings will be held at Chase's salesyard,
1732 Market street, to-night.
After investigating the cause of tho
accHent in the tv.o-ycar-old dash and
questioning the different riders, the
Judges concluded that Iva Powell,
j rider of Tavora. was the one who cut
off Suavita. Powell's name was placed
on the suspended list for a week.
Billy Roche, the former referee, has ;
shipped his stable to Ascot Park. 81l- |
ly's "crabs" had many a try in this sec
tion of the country, but couldn't de
liver.
"Boots" Durnell and his apprentice
ridor, Wiley, will arrive from Los An
geles this morning. Golden Rule, Ald
erman Batt and a couple of other
chenp ones from his stable reached
Ingleside yesterday.
The 1:15 train from Third and Town
send streets conveys passengers to
Ingleside track in twenty-five minutes.
Garnet Ferguson wired Manager Jim
Brooks of Ascot Park yesterday that
he would ship Bcarcatcher to Los An
geles and try conclusions with Hand- .
zarra and Oruzados. The three willi
met-t at six furlongs, weight twelve j
pounds l»elow the scale, on December 23.'
Oaraplilnc "Wins at City Purli.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 14.— City Park racing
results :
Firs; racr, five end a half furlongs — Gold
Proof won. Annie Hill second Welch thirvi.
Time. 1:12 1-5.
Second race_ seven furlonjrs— Freebooter won.
Belle S<trome second. John Gamer third Time-,
I:3S 2-5.
Third race, six and a half furlongs — Czar
aphine won. Merrj' Gccrge t«cond. Josetie
third. Time. 1 :2C 4-5.
Fourth ra -«. six and a half furlongs— Father
TaJlent won, I.inawina eecind. Dazzle third.
Titre. 1:27.
Filth mrf, one and a eixtcenlh miloj — lia"ry
Stephen: -.yon. Kleinwood second. Juba third.
Time. 1:5« I-."..
t-ixth race on: ami tiiroe-sixteenths miles —
Gambler won, tittle Boy recend, 1-ittle Elkin
third. Time. 2:12.
Pn«mlen:t Rents l'liil Finch.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 14.— Fair Grounds
racing results:
First race, five furlongs — Holland II won.
Wadding King second. Tripg Morse third. Time.
1:00 1-5.
Second race, six furlongs — Mayor Johnson
won. HarmaV:is second. Optional third. Time.
1:19.
Third race, five furlongs — Dtux Temps won.
Usury second. Blue Pirate third. Time. 1:05.
Fourth race, one mile, handicap — Pasadena
won. Phil Finch tecond. Gold Enamel third.
Titte. 1 :40 4-5.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Marvel
P won Btrena second, Katherine I third.
Tirm. 1 :11 2-5
Sixth race, one mile and twenty yards — Lady
Ellison won. Colonel White second. Bishop
Weed third." Time, 1:47 2-5
ABRANGIXG FOR AXOTUEU
CROSS COUXTRV FOOT RACE
Pacific Athletic A*«.nelnlf«.n' Will Hold
Event Over a >>ff Courne on
January 21.
The cross country run held recently
was so successful and created so much
interest among amateurs . of this city
and nearby towns that the Pacific
Athletic Association officials are plan
ning to give a similar event on Janu
ary "1. It will be a handicap and as
the handicapper has a good line on the
I respective abilities of the runners who
j took part in the last event this race
i should prove exciting. A number of
valuable prizes will be awarded to the
successful entries.
The distance Is to be shorter than
the previous run and is to be over a
new course. The contestants are to
start from the Olympic Boat Club
house at Belvedere and run to El Cam
po. a distance of between five and six
miles. About half of the race will be
on the roads, the return being over the
hills.
Entries may be made with the Pa
cific Athletic Association, with Secre
tary Herbert Hauser, room 29. 420
Montgomery street
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1905.
BIG FIELDS THE RULE
AT INGLESIDE TRACK
Large fields of selling platers make up
tho events at Ingleside thl3 afternoon.
Picking winners looks like a difficult un
dertaking. The day's entries:
First race — Selling; tiro-year-olda; fly« and
a half furlongs:
5927 Frolic (O'Rourke) 112
8922 Bakersfleld (Muny) 112
8&04 Chief Wittman (McLaughlin) 112
8904 Abe Meyer (Coggins) 100
8927 Rctrou (Burnett) 109
8790 Governor Davis (Rlce> '.112"
8»Oi Legal Form (Judge) 112
8834 M X F (Stub«nbord) 107
5927 Captain Burnett (Oakland Stable) 109
BS9I Sizz (Ellerd) lOtt
BW3 Alma Boy (Qulnlan) K8
'Prominence (Durnell) IC4
SS6I Helen S (Clark) 109
BSSS Com. E^Etland (Orange Grove Stable). lC9
Second race — Selling; four-year-olds and up;
one mile:
SS77 Olympian (Schorr) '. 100
5.567 Box Elder (Moran) 104
i SS76 Ixjve's Labor (Tanner & Co.) ICWJ
SSO9 L*ash rLevy) ios
SBS3 Distributor (Neil) "jckj
8937 Maud Muller (Miller) 106
8935 Duelist (Rice) 106
8933 "I^ngford James (Applegate & C 0.).. 101
5576 May Holladay (Edwards) IC6
5925 Toto Gratlot (Thompson) 109
*Sl9 Billy I^yons (De la Montanya) 106
802S Standard (Ramsey) ico
7312 Master (Ream) , IC6
8594 Moor (Fleur de Lis Stabie) IC6
j Third race— Selling; four-year-olds and up;
one mile:
I 5365 San Lutlon (Dixon) lOfi
1 892S Hipponax (Allen) ill |
I RS99 Harrj- Beck (Lynch) 10»5
I SB6S Mordente (Beebe & Willis) 100 "i
I SS79 Glen Brier (Leach & Cook) 10« !
892S Tarn O'Shanter (Jones) 10tJ
SP3I Hi-Caul-Cap (Sheridan) IC6
8941 -EHeven Bells (Davles) 101
8933 Cloche dOr (Coffey) •. 106
51t.31 Scherzo (Pueblo Stable) 100
8935 Haven Run (Rowell) 1O";
5577 Major Tenny (Green) 106
893K Allopath (Lamasney Bros.) 10« i
SSSS Prestano (Martin & Co.) 106'
Fourth race — Futurity course; selling; three- '
year-olds :
8G29 K.lrodun (Fitzgerald) 107
>>!)23 Gossiper (Touhey) 107
S!>23 George P. McNear (Stover) 107
8923 Est-amado (Baldwin t 107
SIUI Xabonassar (Gray & Co.) 107
*A!derman Bg.tt (Durnell) 102
6834 Mdar (Mclntosh) 1(17
y B93s The Roustabout (Zalerky) 107
' 8907 Swift Queen ( Eilerd) 107
*Galicp <Blalork) 102!
5929 Smithy Kane (Hall & Marshall) I<>7
Sft2." Bear Hunter (Rice) lt'7
R9U Artillery Star (Merriwether) IC7
K9.:r» Mrs. Annlo (Korzeniewskl) 107
MS7 Speakei- Fontana (Schreibcr) 107
Fifth race — One mile and fifty yards; selling;
tfcree-y?ar-olds and up:
(B*77)Brlors (Flour de Lis Stable) IK,
5333 Sherry (Vv hit<? & Co. } 105
£933 Silurian (Lamasney Bros.) 102
8813 Maid of Fennoy (Rancho dH Rio) 101
S'.K^J Glenarvon (Summers & Co.) 100
The Call's Racing Form Chart
I.VGLESIDE. Thumday, Dec. 14-— Wentber fine; track slovr.
E. C. HOPPER. FiestClng Judge. J. J- HOUTiIAN. Starter.
SSJ.I9. FIRST RACE — Five furlonps: purse; maiden two-year-old fillies; value to first, ?325.
Isdexl Horse acd Owner. IWUSufc. %. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op- CL
SSSS jSugar llaid (Seharetg & Co.). 10S 3 ... 1 »i 1 % 1 % 1 2 IWright 3.9-2
5904 iTavora (H. Mack) |108 6 ... 4 3 212 Hj2 ! I. Powell .. • S S
ISanta Ray (J. F. Clifford) 10S 4 ... 2 1 3 2 3 IV>3 2«j|L.oague .... 2 S-o
SB9l lAlumdlna (L. H. Ezell) ICS 1 ... 3 h 4 4 4 2 4 4 | Mcßrlde ... « 1"
SS9I IBertola <B. Schrciber) ICS S ... 5 I^s 2 5 I^s .% \T. Clark ...i 4 "
iNettio Hicks (Burger & Co.). lus 11 ... 9 «% 7 ti -6 2'i Grahum \u0084. .1 !•> 30
lEstmere <C. Kerr) 10S 2 ... On Oh 8 1 7 2 Knapp 8 10
5927 Mllrtred Grist (Fitzgerald). ... 10S 10 ... K2'7nGnB2 J. Russrll.. 12 30
S7tit) Yolo Girl (Zimnier & K.)..|10ei12 ... Ih 9 9 9 I W. .Smith .. 10 12
8293 Tony Girl <Reavy & Co.) 108 7 ... Fell * iFWd 12 20
8027 Suavita (J \V. Blalock) 108 5 ... Fell Battiste ... I<> l» r i
SB3l Kiea Curry <Del Monte St.)..|lCS| 9 ... Fell |.T ; .I. Walsh . 30 60
Time. :21'i, :50, 1:02%. At post 2 minutes. Off at 2:06. Maid, place, 8-.*>; show, 4-.*. Ta
vora. place.^3; show, 8-5. Ray, show. 2-5. . Winner, br. f. by Salvado-Saccharold.
Trained by J. McNames. Start pood. Won ridden out. Balance driving. Highest price^ —
Suavlta, 16. Winner Is a sturdy looking miss and should keep on improving. Tavora
ran well. Santa Ray not what «he was cracked up to be. Aluradina was touted. Ber
tola. a cheap one. Nettle ilicka took no chance with the start. Suavita fell, brineinE
two others down with her. % '
5940. SECOND RACK — One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; value to first, $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. h*. %. %. Str. Fin. 1 Jockey. I Op. CU
5833 [Adirondack. 5 fH. Shannon) . .|lO7 4 2 2 ISil% 1 ?4 1 IVj Graham ...I 3 11-S
SS76 Jack Little, 4 (While & C0.)..j10" 2 9 2 5H 3 2 2 2»42 Si Minder .1 S
SB6B Ora MeKinney. 4 (R. Rice Jr.) 107 9 7 X S 5» 8 n 5 IVJ3 n |L. Williams 6 «
890!) Phaon. 4 (J. Coffey) 110 1 3 1%3!% < 4 h4»i 4 2V>|Knapp | 4 8
8906 Suburban Queen, 5 (J. Winters) 107 5 5n 0 IWS 1,4« i 5 n jT. Stewart. S 10
SS32 Polonius. 5 (C. Edwards) 110 10 10 7 h "2 h 3»i6 »» IT. Powell.. 10 10
S«.S« Dundreary. 4 (H. E. Rowell) . 107 C <|i 4 I^o 1 71* 7 fi |U>a^e 3 7-2
6£93 Waterspout. 4 (MoQettrlck). . 107 3 1 % 2 1 6 1 8 H S Mi IT. Clark .. 6 10
8928 Lady Athellng.4 (Mclaughlin) 102| 7 0 %10 10 10 0 4 Mol^uifhln 15 30
8928 (Nullah, a (G. S. MeKenzie)..|lo7| B*B£6h7 % It 1 10 Wright 15 20
Time. :25»4. :81i 1:18, 1:44. At post 2 minutes. Off at 2:'{l'i- Adirondack, place, 1: phow,"
3-5. Little, place. 3; show, S-5. MeKinney. fihow. - H-6. Winner, b. s:. bj* Altainax-
Diickline. Trained by J. Givens. .Start pood. Won easily. Balance driving. IJlgh«-st
pric* — MeKinney, 7; Phaon, 10: Wattrspout, 12; Athellne-, 4fl; Nullah, 25. Race was
a rare piece of work. Winner the only one with speed enough to run across the street.
Jack I ittle was well fanned to finish second. Phaon pegged along under punishment.
Polonius blew out a fuf«e after looking: to have a chance. Longue rode a very heady
race en Dundreary. lie pulled in toward the rail and was co effectively pocketed that
he micht as well have locked himself up ln a safe deposit box.
8941. THIRD RACE — One mile; selling:; four-year-olds and up; value to first, $320.
laitxl Hor«e and Owner. jWtlSt. >4. V,. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op. Cl.
8906 lonei-in. 5 <L. I. Coggtns). /. .|lo7i 1 lhlnl^ll 1 I'iiKnapp 13-0 7-5
BS<53 iWarte Nlcht, 5 (Wilkerson), . lOftilO By, 7 4 h 4 h 2 <!i Bock .. 6 s 6
6»2S Hllee. a (W. W. E11i0tt)...... 102 2 4 1U.4 h » I^3 >4 3 1 Downing .. 10 15
8893 Birdie P. 4 (D. S. Fountain).. 107 7 3 »i"2 h 2 3 2 2 4 2 Fountain ..12 o
8179 Ray, 6 (W. Durker) 107 8 73 85 74 B&SW C. Wright. 20 10
888S Llbcrto, 4 (E. J Baldwin) 1(2 8 6 1 ««;8h7n62 |W. Kelly... 8 15
SSSB Eleven Bells, a (Da.viea & Co.) 102 510 6 0 3 9 6 0 2 7 8 W. Smith.. 3 21-5
8545 Royalty, a (H. Gre«n) 107 11 11 11 11 11 8 V. Rettig 10 15
8028 Aunt Polly, a (McCarthy).... 107 4.2 1%3 4 3 ]is« 2 9 y. T. Cark.... 10 15
8»01 Ada N, a (H. Robinson) 107 9 9 1 10 810 3 10 %10 n U Williams 20 20
8856 Tramway. 4 (Fleur de Lds) 107 6 5h51 C h S hll |Reed 12 80
Time— :25%. r801i.' 1:16%, 1:43. At post 1% minutes. Off at 2:57,4. Esherin, place. 3-5;
show. 1-3. Wart* JClcht, place, 2; show, 1. Hllee, show, 3. Winner, b. m. by Esher-
Sonora. Trained by J. F. Schorr. Scratched — Mocorlto. Start good. Won easily. , Bal
ance driving hard. Winner received best handling. Warte Nlcht fell from an airship.
Hllee could beat this bunch hands down with a vigorous ride. Birdie P likes less weight
and a shorter distance. Ray will do better. . Liberto no speed. ' Smith on Eleven Bells re
ceived a bumping on first turn and then quit riding. Money bet on the mare was roasted to
a turn. Royalty sulks. Too far for Aunt Polly. Ada N a cripple. >
8042. FOURTH. RACE— One mile; s*lHng; three-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Index Ho«« and Owner. Wt St. $4. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey, ! Op. CL
8921 Lucrece (J. Coffey) 105 2 3 2 1 % 1 1%1 2 1 1 |T. Clark... 8 12
(6011) Dixie Lad (W. H. Parker) ... 108 88 7352 4n 2 I%|l. Powell.. 7-5 9-10
(5931) Fastoso (E. J. Baldwin) .. 105 5 4 % 4 1 2 2 2 i£ S I^4 Greenfield . 2 18-5
8931 Spondoolls (Jones & Co.) 105 15 1 5 6 4 2 3 1 4 4 Fountain.'.. 10 '9-2
8921 Bosrs Eley (Blaslngame Bros.) IC6 3 2 1 3 Y3Y 3 8 h 5 4 5 % Knapp r> j 8
BSB7 Bird of Passage (Del Monte).. 105 6 7 l^fln 6 3 6 6 G 0 Wright 15 I 30
8373 Chestnut (A. Ross) .108 4 1% 2h 7 107107.15 H. Smith.. 30 100
BSSO Jocular (Glover & Co.) : 1051 7 6 4 3 8 8 8 .-" T. Stewart. 30 ICO
Time — :25}i. :60, l:101i, 1:43. At post 2 minutes. Oft at 3:23. Lucrece, place, 4; show
8-5. Lad, place, 2-5; show, 1-5. Fastoso, show, 1-2. Winner, b. f. by Brutus-Belle of
Palo Alto. Trained by J. Coffey. Start good. Won all driving. Highest price Lu
creo* 13, Fastoso 7-2. With a vigorous rider In the saddle Lucreee was compelled to do
her best. Powell on Dixie Lad was snoozing when barrier went up. . Later on he made
a late move, with the race practically over. Greenfield pulled his whip on Fastoso
three furlongs from home. Spondoollx likes a fast track. Bose Eley won't do. Other*
off color. * - \u25a0 . .' - -.
5943. FIFTH RACE — Five furlongs: purs'; three and four year olds; value to first. SiOO:
Icdezl Horse and Owner. IWt'St.U. %. %. Str. Fin. | ( Jockey. "' \ 6p. Cl.
(80.10) iTocolaw, 4 (J Madison) ..... 116 2 ... 4*£ 5 1 2 n lh Graham .'. .| R-5 14-5
8850 lAndrew B. Cook, 4 (F.- Ellis). 110 5 ... 1112 1 I>*2 2*t T. Clark... 8-5 ,7-5
ißuby, 3 (W. B. Jennings).... 106 1 ... 2 1 2h 3 3 .1% Knapp ....". 6 10
*6928 lJudge, 4 (E. J. Ramsey) ...... 110 3 ... 6 6 4h 4 2 Treubel ... 5 5
6545 Plnkerton. 3 (B. Schrelber) . . . . 105 6 ... 5 2 4 % 3 2 5 % Fountain .. 6 7
'8917 Toung Pilgrim, 4 (L. Sage)... 110 4,... 3n 3h 6 6 .Locgue 30 40
Hush. 4 (S. 8ai1ey).......;... 107 Ran away |l. Powell .. 40 100
Time — :24. :49, 1:01. At post 12& minutes. Off at 4:01»4. Tocolaw, place. 7-10: show 1-4
! Cook, place, 3-5: show, 2-7. Ruby, show, 6-B. • Winner, ch.h. by Bassetlaw-La Toquera
i Trained by J.. Madison. Start good. . Won all driving. Highest -price— Ruby 15, Pilgrim
I 50. Outrun the first part, Graham astride Tocolaw clung to the rail and pulled through
Andrew B. Cook bore out through the stretch or he '.would' have won easily. ._ Ruby , ran
an excellent race. Judge away f>oorly. ' Plnkerton looked good, but is probably In need
of a race or two. Young Pilgrim could win possibly If placed where he : belongs. Hush r
ran away nearly three miles. \u25a0 ' :, * '. -\u25a0 :\u25a0 l; : '
8044. SIXTH RACE— One mile and 100 yards; selling; 3-y-o and up; value to first,' $325. -
;lD<Jex| Howe and Owner. JWtJSt . *A . K . % . Str^ Fin. [ Jockey. I Op. CL
(8925) The Lieutenant. 4 (Stover)... 109 '3 12 1%12 1 2»41 ns (i* Williams 3. 2
8901 Byronerdale. 5 (J.M. Crane). 11l 2 3 2 2^223 ¥, 2 6 Knapp .... 3-5 13-20
"8921 Ed Sheridan. 3 (Schrelber).... 103 4 2 n 3 n 4 4 4 5 3 5 T. Clark... 6 13-2
S&3l Red Reynard; 3 (Keene Bros.). 104 1 , A 1 4 3 3 ' >J 2 n 4 5 J. J. Walsh V 8 15
: BUCS Flora Bright, 5 (Davies) : 100 5 5 5 5 5 5 W. Smith:. ' 20 J 60
Time— :24»i; :50, 1:16%. 1 :43. . 1 :48%. At post 2 minutes. Off at 4:25. Lieutenant, place
1-2; show out. Byronerdale, ; place, 1-5; show out. : Sheridan, show, 1-2. v."v\{lnner •chg'
by Brutus-Princess. Trained by 11. Stover. Scratched — Little Joker. Start good. - Woii
all driving hard. : Highest price^ — Byronerdale 7-10, •> Reynard : 20, ' Flora 5 Bright 76." - Byron-"
erdale should have . won by ; himself. --, He was cut off, • pocketed and - badly messed * about
i all . through the race, .j Winner has taken : quite a shine to , the cuppy golng.V Ed \u25a0 Sheridan
\u25a0 ran well. Red Reynard curled up toward the close. Flora' Bright no speed;
. • -•-.--.•-\u25a0•.. . . -. \u25a0 . ••• \u25a0 \u25a0 -
ONE OUTSIDER
WINS AT ASCOT
Four Favorites and a Second
Choice Eeward the Con
fidence of Their Backers
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 14. — Luclan at
10 to 1. was the only outsider to win
to-day at Ascot. Four of the other five
races ivent to favorites and the sixth
to a heavily played second choice. Rub
lic won-the six-furlong event in 1:13 '4
without being urgred. La Londe and
Workman finished second and third re
spectively. Weather clear; track fast.
Summary:
First rase, five and a' half furlongs — Bantam,
90 (J. Schaffner), 11 to 5. won; Secret, 105
<A. W. Booker). S to 1. second; Plnta, U7 (W.
Walker) 12 to 1, third. Time, 1:08. Theo
Case. Fulletta, Dr. McCarty. Colonel Broaston. j
Chancellor WiUworth. Antara, Santara. Beil
volr ard Paul also ran. I
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles — \u25a0
Luclan, 110 (J. Harris). 10 to 1, won; Her- J
sain, 0C (W. Sehade), S to 1, second; Fortu- I
natu" 1C5 (W. Miller); 4 to 1, third. Time,
1:49. 1M>\ Coronatio Lanark, Sheriff Bell,
Rostof. Kinsman. Huapala, Hoodwink and
Grarl.i'le also ran.
Third race, six furloncs — Rubric. 108 (W.
Buchanan) 9 to 20, won; La Londe,' 105 (W.
Miller), IS to 5, second;- Workman. 108 (W.
Dugan). 15 to 1, third. Time, l:lu>i. Trojan
also ran.
Fourth racp. or.e ml!e, handicap— Memories,
105 (W. Miller). 7 to 5. won; Hans Wagner.
112 (t>oyle) 5 to J, second; Jake Sanders, 105
<\V. Buchanan), 7 to li, third. Time, 1:41. ;
Druid ami Bill Curtis also ran.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles — The
Gadfly, 104 (A. W. Booker), 4 to 5, won;
! Blir^fu' 01 <IJ. Jfoore). \u2666> to 3, second; Mar- i
! fhal Ne>- 1C0 (H. Jackson), 4 to 1, third. J
1 Time 1:54 «4- AVyefleld also ran. J
Sixth race. Futurity course — Valencia. 92 •
(Swain) 7 to 2, won; Pea Sick. 107 (Moriarity), !
T> to 1, iecor.d; Laily Kispar, 107 (G. Nichols), .
60 to 1, third. Time. l:10»i. Pegpy O'Neill,
Marpessa Baile Kinney. Durbar." Una C. St.
Wlnlfrede. Winnie Adams, Katie Crews, Ache
lita and Our Llllie also ran.
SB4B "Anirarl (Davies) 97
15931 Rey Dait- (Alamrda Stable) 10.>
5941 Royalty (Grrrn) •- 102
BSOT Holly Berry <Ma<idox) 105
Sixth race —One mile; three-year-olds and up;
puree:
SSfK) St. George Jr. illcLaughlin) 110
8P24 Gateway (Barrett) 107
Ss>2o Blue Ky,->s (Shprit'.an).' 107
SSS2 Gregor k i'Korzrniewski) 107
8919 Wexford (Doss & Heifers) 103
•Apprentice allowance.
MAIL FOR FROZEN WHALERS.— A., 11.
Stephens] superintendent of the railway mall
service, was notlfi<v! by telegraph yesterday
that C&ptain Amundsen of- the exploration
sohoon»r"njna would l»ave Eagle City. Alaska,
on January 15 for Herschel Island, where the
Gjoa is Kationed. nnd would carry to the l<-e
l.ound whalersj letter mall kavlns fr*re no
later than DcCCTnber 21. A company of Cana
dian ?nou:ue>l police rvlll leave t>av.-s»>n to-day
for Hersohel Islaml to bring mail and pro
visions to tho whaler?.
EX-CHAMPION IS SATISFIED
WITH HIS TRAINING.
SIXEWY ARMS OF THE SPRIGHTLY PHILADELPHIAN* "WHO "WILL MEET 808 FITZSIMMONS IN THE TOSEMITB CLUB
RING IN MECHANICS' PAVILION NEXT- WEDNESDAY NIGHT. IN WHAT PROMISES TO BE AN EXCITING FIGHT.
THE CORNISHMAN SAYS THIS IS TO BE HIS FAREWELL. APPEARANCE.
LIKELY BOXERS
ARE SUSPENDED
IJegisi ration Committee Ke-
I'iiscs to Countenance
Infractions of the Eules
The registration committee of the Pa
cific Athletic Association pulled the
strings around amateur- fighting a little
tighter la?t night.. when the members put
a rule into effect which prohibits the clubs
giving? amateitr contests paying contest
ants money for training expenses. An
other clause in the rules, that v.-I!l also
\u25a0work hardships on the so"-^-alled amateur
boxers and the club managers is that the
club must show the committee the tro
phies that are to be given as prizes. Th=
value of each must be within $15 and $33;
If not they will be rejected.
The"^ ofiices of the committee at «420
Montgomery street were filled last night
with amateur boxers who were notified to
appear and show the prizes they have My-un
during the last year. Tne array of tro
phies, medals and jewelry they -brought
with them looked like a cross between a
Third-street pawn shop and a 5-cent grab
box. Some of the pugnacious lads con
fessed they won enough jewelry with their
"dukes" to (supply aU members of the
family with gold trinkets. Kyle Whitney
(colored) showed six stickpins won by him
in ring combats. They ranged In value
from 25 cents up.
FRISKS ARI-i CALLED FOR.
It is the rule of the association for clubs
to make a statement after each exhibi
tion of the nature of the prizes awarded
the contestants. When the various boxers
were asked last night to show what they
had received as prizes during - contests
which took place during the last year
many of them were caught in a trap
which resulted In their suspension.
Willie Wolff, who recently won a cham
pionship at the Olympic Club, was one of
these. Willie was one of the boys who
won enough articles to start a jewelry
shop. Willie was down on the list for
receiving cuff- bottons in one of his con
tests. He confessed me prize given him
was a scarfpin. It Is likely Willie forgot
to say what the club manager, told him.
Others who were suspended for making
the same fatal mistake were Jack Mc
laughlin, the English boxer; Harry
Becker, J. Ford, W. Dempsey, Smiling
Jim Kane and B. Casini.
Tho last named youth frankly admitted
that the>only evidence he could show of
some of the prizes he had won were a* few
pawn tickets. He said he was pinched at
times for ready cash and found they were
nearly as good as a meal ticket.
MANAGER IS INTERESTED.
Al Young,*manager of the Hawthorne
Club, the organization which is making
tremendous profits out of the amateur
boxers at present, was present to look af
ter the interests of his organization. Dur
ing the course of the examination of the
boxers as to their genuineness as ama
teurs many of them looked appealingly
at him for advice. The best Al could do
was to make a few expressions— some of
which the boys seemed to read. Many
applications were received for amateur
cards.
Choynakl Sues Graney.
The dispute between Joe Choynskl, pu
gilist, and Eddie Graney, referee, over
$254 50 that changed hands as a result
of the Choynski-Sharkey prize fight in
1898 was argued and submitted for de
cision before Judge Sloss yesterday.
Choynskl' claims that Graney borrowed
the money from him. and Graney con
tends that while he received the money
he In fact placed it with the club. that
gave the fight as a forfeit to secure
Choynski's appearance, and that when
Sharkey won the fight the money was
paid to him by mistake, together with
his share of the receipts. If anybody
Is responsible for the loss of the money.
Graney says it is either the club that
gave the fight or Sharkey himself .
Old-Tloic Boxer l:c Jnll.
NEW YORK, Dec. li.— William Mur
phy, once well known in the prize ring
as! a clever * boxer, under, the name of
"Australian Billy" Murphy, but now
homeless, penniless and anxious :to get
back to Australia, was ; arraigned before
Magistrate Stein in Morrisiana Police
Court to-day, charged with stealing
Christmas ' trees from a car ln the Har
lem River yards . of the New York, New
Haven and Hartford Railroad. He was
held on a • charge of petty larceny.
Football .Discussion Postponed.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 14.— At the
request: of I the -Harvard authorities -the
meeting "of "the* football;. rules commit
tee, which • was if to J have Ibeen . held !< - here
to-morrow : nigh t/V: has Y been postponed
until Friday of next vweek.
Shows Much Better Form Than When
He Prepared for Gardner.
There was no change in the betting sit
uation on the O'Brien-Fitzsimmons fight
yesterday, the sprightly Philadelphlan re
maining favorite in what little wagering
was done. It was a surprise to many to
find Fjtzsimmons a lens shot, although
George Gardner ruled a 6 to 10 choice over
him at one time before their fight in this
city. . .
On the former occasion Fltzslmmons
knew he was not at his best and publicly
advised his friends not to bet on him.
lie proved good enough to win from
Gardner after landing a right to the head
which filled the Lowell boxer with awe
and with respect.
Three years ago Fitz made a brilliant
showing with the Invincible, all-conquer
ing- Jeffries. His friends cannot believe
he* has gone back so far since then as ti>
making it possible for O"Brien to defeat
him: His training work shows he la as fit
as it is possible for his trainers to make
him.
Fitzstmmons* relish for training work
and the apparent satisfaction and enjoy
ment he derives from his strenuous pre
paratory exercising Is the envy of many
a younger boxer and the admiration of
the legion of followers of the tried and
seasoned veteran of the roped arena.' Fltx
has never been a shirker ln* getting him
self into battling trim and if there is any
thing he lik€s more than training It is a
real prize fight. Even now a well placed
wallop with driving force behind it land
ing on the fighting section of Fitz's anat
omy rouses the spirit of conflict ln the ex
champlon of the world and transforms
him instantly into a dangerous opponent-
He asserts he is at present in far supe
rior condition than he was when he
fought George Gardner. The weather haa
been ideal for road work. The bracing
mornings and beautiful avenues of Ala
meda have had an Irresistible attraction
for Fitz and he has made the most of
these advantages in his training.
Countering and footwork were the fea
tures of Fitz's secret training work yes
terday. The freckled fighter remarked at
the conclusion of six rounds with Billy
Bates and Harry Chester, each golns
three periods, that he" felt he had pro3ted
much by the exercising, as it had ln-
tI J tirrdpe A * UJales
This brand is more than 65 years old and there * |
has never been a time when its popularity has been t
approached by any other cigar made in Cuba or the \
United States. Long before the Prince of Wales be-
came the King of England, El Principe de Gales was \u25a0
recognized as ;
The King of Havana Cigars i
It is made to-day as it has been made since the be-
ginning of its career— from the best tobaccos grown in g
Cuba by the best workmen in the United States. ' I
A MILD CIGAR
retaining the rich fragrance of the highest types of
Havana leaf. 3 for to each.
Ask Your Oealer ££&\u25a0*
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
creased his speed and made his flat aim
more accurate. While his opponent was
ln front of him. Bob would count one;
two. three, his sparring mate at the same
time leading twice with the left and onw
with the right. Fitz would counter the
punches and in turn would let drive ;i
pair of lefts and a right at the man in
front of him. This programme was car
ried out from the four corners of the
ring for six innings. Fltzsimmons usc-1
this system many years ago. when he was
a lightweight in training. Yesterday was
the first time that he had tried it since
he began to battle heavy-weights. Prior
to slipping on the gloves to mix it with
his boxing partners Fitz slam-banged the
bag for a half hour without once pausing
to replenish his breath supply. He oper
ated more smoothly as he warmed up and
the perspiration flowed in a healthy cur
rent. In the morning Bob took his usual
jaunt on the" highways and with his char
acteristic side-legged swing covered ten
miles. To-day Bob will continue his pri
vate practice in the afternoon. To-mor
row and Sunday he will resuma bis train
ing in public.
Sam Berger will shine as an actor with
Bob Fitzsimmons at the Alhambra and
will lend his might to the elevation of the
stage. Sam has a long part to memorize
ahd is also called upon to box three
rounds with Fltzsimmons. He is to re
ceive $200 for one week's work. Bam says
$50 will cover the boxing end of his part,
while he thinks he will earn ths remain
der with his acting.
Al Kaufinann has recovered from, his
unpleasant experience with Jack <yßrlen
and wants to settle down to work again
in the ring. He has aereed to meet Billy
Bates, who is acting as Fitzsiminons'
sparring mate, before the . Colma Club
next month. Bates has the match under
consideration. He is the man who fought
Andy Gallagher in the Olympic Club. He
won after a desperate fight, but it was
proved he was a "ringer," having been a
professional in the north. The valuable
cup was awarded to Gallagher.
* BOY RUNS A"WAT.— Oakland, De?. 14.—
The pollcs have arrestfd Oliver Strowbridg*.
a. 16-year-old boy. who ran »w»y from hi 3
home at 1821 Tenth street last evening.
1314
THOMAS HOLDS ARMY TRANSPORT RECORD
Troopship Makes a
Fast Run From
Honolulu
Meets Bad Weather
After Leaving
Nagasaki.
Sonoma Will Sail
To-Night for
Antipodes.
The army transport Thomas, Captain*
Lyr.aia. which arrived Wednesday even
ing from the Philippines, broke all trans
port records for the run between Hono
lulu end this port. She came from.^the
Hawaiian Islands in 6 days 22 hours and
45 minutes, and but for several days of
contrary weather would have succeeded
in entering the Golden Gate in time to
have passed quarantine on Wednesday.
The Federal doctors boarded the troop
ship early yesterday morning and about
1 o'clock p. m. she was tied up at the
transport .wharf.
After leaving Nagasaki, heavy weather
\u25a0wes encountered and the Thomas made
littie headway for two days, part of the
time being hove to. So heavily was she
plunging with the sea that in one dive
Jhe jackstaff was floated out of its socket
in the troopship's lofty bow.
The Thomas brought from the Philip
pines Uti cabLn passengers; 34 signal corps
men, iO ex-employes of the Government,
<4 patients in the hospital, 44 prisoners
and COl enlisted men of the Seventh In
fantry. The Seventh Infantry is home
after nearly three years' service in the
tropics. The Seventh goes from here to
Montana, where, amidst the snow and
ice, those that escape pneumonia will be
able to forget the warmth of the Philip
pines. ' !
At Nagasaki a prisoner, Peterson by
name, escaped from, the transport and
had not been found when the Thomas
sailed from the Japanese port.
The Thomas brought several passen
g-ers and about ten tons of army stores
from Honolulu. The passengers from
Honolulu were: Captain R. I* Bush of
the Tenth Infantry and his young son;
lieutenant H. M. Cooper; Robert P.
Ball, a postoffice clerk; W. F. Drake, a
deputy collector of Internal Revene, and
Charles Schoellkopf, an employe of the
Department of Justice.
The passengers from. Manila were:
Second Uieutenar.t F. B. AMerice, Fir* Lieu
tenant Jumes B. Allison, Mrs. F. Baker and
child. First Lieutenant Joseph Bcacham Jr.,
Second Lieutenant John A. Urockman, Second;
Ueutenar.t C. S. Bendel. Firtt Lieutenant C.
1. Ilrownlee. Mrs. C. I. Brownlee. Mrs. Bur
bank MUs« Burbank, J. B. Bendren, lira.
Draua and t* r< > children, A. B. Borgerr. Robert
Bears. CcJcr.el Daniel Comman, Daniel Corn
man Jr.. Captain V. A. Caldwell. Mrs. V. A.
Ce'dwell, Second Lieutenant \\". H. Campbell,
Firti Lieutenant J. M. Coffin, First Lieutenant
J. A Clark, Second Lieutenant F. M. Conk
11-. Mrs. F. M. Cocklln and child. First Lieu
tenant H. E. Ciearman. Flirt Lieutenant L.
It. Ccuineld. Mrs. IV. I. Chapman and infant.
First Lieutenant F. L. Davidson. Second Lleu
tenai.t Van H. l>*-r.ny. Lieutenant Colonel
Davis Flret Lieutenant J. L. de Witt. Mrs.
John foeimar Sirs. M. Denner, First Lieuten
ant W. B. Elliott. Mrs. W. B. Elliott and
two children, Mrs. \V. G. B. Enlman. Cap
tain C. S Farns worth, Mrs. C. 3. Farnswoith.
Master Farr.sworth. Captain C. O. French,
Mr?. C G. French, Miss Marion Fcench. Sec
ond Lieutenant J. F. Franklin, First Lieuten
ant J D Fife, Mrs. J. D. Fife. Captain O. E.
B. Flap?, Mrs O. E. B. Flags and infant,
M!sa K'.ogr. Mrs. C. L. Foster and children,
Mrs John H. Fanning, First Lieutenant J.
W. Grifsmger, First Lieutenant Otto B.
Grimm Major W. O. Cambrill lira. Gunther.
Captain Winfield Grove, Mrs. J. J. Gilhooly
ard twa children. Miss Nellie Giihooly, J. G.
Giikerson Seeon<l Lieutenant A. Gllmer, Major
E E. Hardln, Major E. U Hirst, Captain C.
\i V Hunt, Mrs. James B. Horsey and child,
Secor.d Lieutenant W. F. C. Jepson, First
Llevtcant John R. Kelly. First Lieutenant
E D Ki'ibourne, Mr*. E. D. Kilbourne and
child 'F. G Kearn^. Mrs. F. G. Kearns, Miss
Kemp Captain S. Kx>chertperser, First Lieu
tenant C. F. Leonard, Mrs. F. G. Leonard
£n captalV VT. F. Lewis. Mrs. W. F. Lewis
End child, Dr. J. F. Leeper. Mrs. J. F.
Leeper. First Lieutenant G. M. Lee, Mrs. G.
II Le* end child. Second Lieutenant Chester
H. Loop, Mrs. C. H. Loop, Captain U. S. Mc-
Broom. Mrs. U. S. Mcßroom, Dr. D. C. Mc-
Car.key. Second Lieutenant John C. Moore,
Dr. J. R. Mount, Mrs. J. R. Mount, Mrs. J.
B. Mills, First Lieutenant E. Moseley, Mrs. E.
Moseley. Captain A. T. Owenshlne, James
O'Connor. Second Lieutenant E. H. Pearce.
Dr. Joseph Pinqucxd, Mrs. Joseph Plniuard,
First Lieutenant L. W. Prunty, Mrs. L. TV.
Prunty ar.d child. Mi* X- Pearson and
child. First Lieutenant TV. A. Powell. Mn. ,
TV A. Powell. J. C. Rodehaver, Mrs. J. C.
R&iehaver and child, Henry Ryeroft. Sec
cpd Lieutenant L. I. Samuelson. H. J.
Bpark*. First Lieutenant C. IV. Stuart. Second
Lieutenant D. W. Strong. Mrs. D. TV. Strong.
Becor.d Lieutenant TV. H. Scott, Captain H.
TV. Stamford, P. A. Scholl. D. A. Snyder,
Mre. D. A. Snyder, Mrs. John Smith, Mrs. M.
Sheehaa, Miss Lizzie Stilly. Major Henry Tay
lor, Mrs. Henry Taylor, Captain B. O. Ttll
man. Captain J. J. TV>fifey. Captain G. S.
Turner. First Lieutenant E.. M. Talbott. Cap
tain G«orgre Van Deusen, Major John V. White,
Mrs. J. V. TVhlte, George TVllson, Major E.
D. TTtsa, Mis« TVhlte, Mrs. M. F. Wells, Sec
ond Lieutenant B. U. Zell, Mary Cochran,
D. S. Collins, M. Densmer, James B. Horsey,
Beaefllct Landau. N. D. Murray, Jame* Ma
rean, W. Menkenrnaler. C. D. CXBrten, John
Bmith. Prank TV. Sclffin, H. F. WeustoSf, 601
enlisted men.
Sonoma Sails To-Xlsrht.
The Oceanic Steamship company's liner So
noma, Captain Herrlman. will call at 9 o'clock
this ever.lng for Honolulu, Samoa, New Zealand
tr.d Australia.
The Overdue List.
The ressels on the overdue list are Quoted for
reinsurance ft* follows: River Indus and Msc-
Mahen, 30 per cent; Mooltan, 20 per cent, and
Susanna, So per cent.
Water Front Notes.
The new steamer J. B. Stetson was launched
yesterday at Winslow.
The schooner Eanllen Rakyn was launched
yesterday from Stone's shipyard at Harbor
View. The new vessel will fly the German fjig
end will trade In the South Seas.
The chip Benjamin F. Packard called for
New York yesterday from Everett with a cargo
of ep&rs.
The steamer Hasel Dollar, which arrived the
other day from, the Orient, sailed yesterday for
Victoria, B. C.
The British steamer Caeione put In yesterday
from Port Hadlock to finisn loading for Guaya
quil. • \u25a0
J. Secry, a longshoreman who lives at 3S
Serpentine place, sustained a fractured leg yes
terday while wrestling In a ealoon on Davis
Ftreet, near Broadway, with Thomas Cook. ,
Both men were drunk. Beery's wife died two
\u25a0weeks ago, leaving six young children for
Beery to care for. Cook was arrested and
charred Trtth battery.
Exports for Havrati. .
The barkentine Archer sailed yesterday for
Honolulu with 580 bales hay. 601 ctls barley,
C0.T78 lbs bran, 200 bbls lime, 38,750 fire bricks,
ICO. OOO red bricks, 76 gk* fire clay. 455 lbs
aspfcaltum, 7 kegs rivets and 62 pcs Iron pipe,
valued at $8082.
The tank barkentlne Fullerton was cleared
for Honolulu with 15.000 barrels of crude oil
in bulk, valued at $21,000. The vessel was
loaded at Port Harford. ,
Time nail.
Branch Hrdrocraphlc Office. U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, Saa Francisco CaL
December 14. 1905.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
J c at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. ml Greenwich time. J. C BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
Sub* Hoob and Tide.
\u25a0teu«4 fitiiM Cfiust cad OtoA*Ua fintra^
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
superintendent.
NOTE)— The hlgfr and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. DECEMBER 15.
Sun rises sl§
Sun sets i^ 3
Moon riaes 8:23 p. m.
a jTlmej jTlmej JTlme Time
p / 1 Ft- I Ft Ft. Ft.
?fH w| |L w| [H W LTV
15 239 4.6 7:081 8.0 12:39! 03 7:51—0.2
16 320 4,7 8:06| 3.1 1:32 5.1 B:SS 0.1
17 401 4.8 9:14 8.0 2:33 4.7 9:2S 0.5
18 4-47 5.0110:28 2.« 3:50 4.3 10:25 0.9
19 5:32 6.211:40 2.1 5:23 4.0 11:29 1.3
20 6:15 6.4:12:40 L 6 6:51 4.0
L W| H W L W |H W
21 0-271 1.7 7:02 6.7 1:37 0.81 8:15 4.1
22 1:231 2.0 7:48 6.9 2:32| 0.2| 9:2S 4.S
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. exceot when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Chart*, except when a minus (—)( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements) of Stesmers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Homer Portland & Astoria Dec 15
Mackinaw . Tacoma Dec. 13
North Fork.. Humboldt Dec. 15
Coronado Grays Harbor Dec. 15
Humboldt Seattle Dec. 15
Columbia Portland & Astoria Dec. 15
F. Leggett... Humboldt Dec 15
San Juan New Tork via Ancon.. iDec. 16
Reidar Oyster Harbor Dec 16
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Dec 17
Kainier Sesttle & BelHngham.. Dec 17
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Dec. 17
Sea Foam Mtndocino & Pt. Arena Dec. 17
Pomona Humbcldt Dec. 17
Norwood Grays Harbor |Dec. 17
Arctic Humboldt IDec. 17
Breakwater... Coos Bay JDec 17
Eureka, j, Humboldt Dec. 17
Korea China & Japan Dec. 17
Vanguard . Humboldt Dec 17
State of Cal. San Diego & Way Ports D.cc. 18
Cascade . Portland & Astoria (Dec. 18
Alameda Honolulu Dec. 19
laqua Willapa Harbor Dec 19
Northland Portland & Astoria ... Dec 10
Corona Humboldt Dec. 20
Pentaur Hamburg A Way Ports. 'Dec. 20
Marfpoßa Tahiti IDec. 20
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul...! Dec. 20
Aurella: Portland & Astoria IDec. 20
Senator Portland & Astoria Dec. 20
Centralia San Pedro Dec. 20
South Bay Portland & ABtorla Dec. 20
Porno Point Arena & Albion. Dec. 21
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 21
M. F. Plant.. Coos Bay & Pt. Ortnrd Dec. 21
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Dec 21
S. Monica Grays Harbor '... Dec. ,21
City Sydney.. New Tork via Ancon... Dec. 21
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Dec 22
F. Kilburn... Portland & Way Ports. Dec. 25
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports.. Dec. 25
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma \jyce. 25
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. ; j Sails. I Pi-r.
December 15. | ,
C. Nelson. . Seattle & Tacoma. spm Pier 20
Elizabeth..' Coquille River .... 11 am] Pier 20
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts. 8 pm Pier 7
F. Kllburn Portland & Way.. 2 pm Pier 20
Corona »•>. .. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
F. Leggett. Los Angeles Ports. 12 mjPifr 2
J. Hlggins.. Los Angeles Ports. 11 am [Pier 2
December 16. |
M. F. Plant Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 11
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Homer Astoria & Portland 4 pmjPier 24
Manchuria.. China & Japan 1 pm'Pier 40
| City Panan N. Y. via Ancon... 12 mlPler 40
Queen Puget Sound Pts.. 11 amlPler \u25a0 0
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p! Pier »
December 17.
Norwood... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
8. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
TV. Kruger. Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
Vanguard.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 27
December 18.
N. Fork... Humboldt .» 9 amlPier £0
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am | Pier 24
December 10. |
Eureka Humboldt 9 amlPler . 5
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Breakwater. Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 8
Northland.. Los Angeles Ports. 5 pmjPier 27
December 23. |
Centralia. . . Grays Harbor 2pm Pier 10
Sea Foam. Point Arena 4 pm Pier '»
Arctic Hnmboldt 9 am Pier 2
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 amlPler 11'
South Bay.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 amlPler 27 I
December 21. | j
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am|Pier ;»
Rainier Seattle & Bel'ham.. 4 pmlPier 10
. December 22. |
Cascade Astoria & Portland 5 pmlPier 2
laqua WUlapa Harbor ... 9 ami Pier 2
December 23. |
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am! Pier 7
City Para... N. Y. via Ancon... 12 m Pier 40
Senator.... Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 24
Aurella Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 2T
December 26.
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE-.
Steamer. Destination. Sails.
Bertha., Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Dec 15
Santa Ana... Seward & Way Ports.. Dec. 16
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. Dec 20
Cottage City. Skagway & way Ports. Dec. 23
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Deo. 23
Oregon .... Valdex & Seward...... Deo. 25
gßHUna^.^^ Coekj xaltt ft W*j r ,,.«lJD Ml §j
HsMTIiHsIsMsMBs»JT"PPiiai i <Ttn \u25a0Trwi'ft tmnrTnn Ai#i it-it >\u0084 »h.t '
THE SAN "FRANCISCO GALL', FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 11)05.
AMERICAN SHn> ARTHUR SEW
ALL, WHICH WENT ASHORE
RECENTLY AT PHILADELPHIA-
SHIPPING IPfTELLIGEXCJB.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, December 14.
Stmr Corona Glelow, 20 hours from Eureka.
Stmr M F Plant, Nelson, 40 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Newport, Whitney, 64 hours from Saa
Pedro. • , \u25a0'•-.. \u25a0.->•
6tmr Porno, Reinertsen, 12 hours from Al
bion, via Point Arena 10 hour*.
Btmr National City, Hammar, 16 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Rival. Halverson, 41 hours from San
Pedro. t
Stmr Geo Loomisv Eeddon, 84 hours from
Ventura.
Br ntmr Cacique, Crossley, 80 hours from
Port Hadlock; put In to finish loading.
Stmr Alcazar, Wlnkel, 15 hours from Green
wood.
Stmr Del Ncrte, Payne, S3 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hall, 9 hours from Mon
terey.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 41 hours from
San Dleßo and way ports.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Bktn Encore, Palmgren, 10 days from Co
lumbia River.
Power schr Newark, Johnson, 14 hours from
Byxbees Landing.
Barge 3. Daniels, — hours from Port Har
ford. In tew of tug Sea Rover; up river direct.
CLEARED.
Thursday, December 14.
Nor etmr Tellus, Arntzen. Comox; Western
Fuel Company.
Br stmr Hazel Dollar, Bruce, Victoria, B C;
Robert Dollar Company.
Bktn Archer, Lancaster, Kahulul; Welch
& Co.
BAILED.
Thursday, December 14.
Stmr Gualala, Kalnln, Bcwens Landing.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego
and way ports.
Stmr Edith, Croskey, Seattle.
Ger etmr Denderah, Jansen, Hamburg via
Comox.
Stmr Rival, Halvorsen, Eureka.
Nor stmr Tellus, Arntzen, Comox.
Br stmr Hazel Dollar, Bruce, Victoria.
Stmr Navarro, Jacobs, Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood, Dorwin, , Albion.
Stmr G C Lindauer, Allen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Oleen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr San Pedro. Raemussen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Acme, TValvisr, . Willapa Harbor.
Stmr Newsboy, Johnson. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Costa Rica, Kldeton, Portland and As
toria.
Bktn Archer, Lancaster, Kahulul.- *
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Newark, Johnson, Point Arena,
SPOKEN.
Sept 15— Lat — , long 66 W, Br ship Dum
friesshire, from L»lth for Honolulu.
Per U S Btmr Thomas, from Manila Dae 13
Dec 13, lat 3T 24 N, long 124 02 W. schr Car
rier Dove, from San Pedro for Everett.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 14. 10 d mm — Weather
cloudy; wind south; velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BELLINGHAM— SaiIed Dec 13— Br ship Je«
eomene, for Melbourne.
Arrived Dec 13 — Stmr Shasta, hence Dec 10.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Deo 13 — Stmr Asuncion,
for Port Harford. Deo 14 — Bktn Tropic Bird,
for San Pedro.
Arrived Deo 14 — Blctn John Palmer, from
San Pedro. ! .
Sailed Dec 13 — Stmr Homer, for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed Deo 11 — Br stmr Eosom, for Mar
seilles.
Arrived Dec 14^ — Stmr Aurella, hence Dec 9;
schr Admiral, from Ran Pedro.
,SAN PEDRO — Arrived Dec 13— Schr C A
Tnayer, from Grays Harbor; schr Sehome,
from Grays Harbor. Dec 14 — Schr H D Ben
dlxsen, from Tacoma; stmr Alcatraz, . from
Greenwood. Rer>orted arrival of schr Lucy
here yesterday was an error.
Sailed Dec 14— Bktn Skagit, for Port Gamble;
sehr F M Slade, for Grays Harbor: stmr Sa
moa, for San Francisco. .
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Dec 13— Barge 3,
In tow of tug Sea Rover, hence Doo 12.
HARDY CREEK — Arrived Dec 13— Stmr
Marehfield, from San Pedro. ' .
POINT ARENA— Arrived Dec 14, 1 a m—
Stmr Sea Foam, hence Dec 13, and sailed 8:30
a m for Mendoclno.
MENDOCINO — Arrived Deo 14^ — Stmr Sea
Foam, from Point Arena.
COOS BAY — Arrived Deo 14 — Stmr Break
water, hence Dec 12. •
i SEATTLE— Arrived Dec : 14, 8 a m Stmr
| Umatllla, from Victoria. ... \u25a0 .
| Sailed Dec 14, 0:30 am— Stmr City of Pu
ebla. for San Francisco.
POINT ; SUR— Passed . Dec 13— U S Btmr
Perry and V S etmr Paul Jones, hence Dec 9
for San Dlero.
TATOOSH— Passed » In Dec 14— Nor Btmr
Terje Vlken, hence Dec 11 for Nanalmo; bktn
Benlcla, from San Pedro for BelHngham
Passed out , Dec 14— Schr Willie R Hume,
; from Everett for! San \u25a0 Pedro; \u25a0 echr Blakeley,
1 from Blakeley for Redondo. \u25a0_.
Passed in Dec ' 14— Bark . Star of Bengal,
from San Pedro for Tacoma.
MONTEREY— Arrived Deo 14— Schr •Moa
teroy, tow • of ! tur ' Relief. <i&Bgix£3USSk££ii&
PORT TOWN6END— SaiIed Deo 14— Br ship
Neville, for Sydney. . \u25a0 •' -;
. EUREKA— Arrived Deo 14— Stmr Pomona,
hence Dec 13; stmr Arctic, . hence Dec 13. •
Sailed Dec 14 — Stmr Alliance, for Portland.'
- Sailed Dec : 14 — Stmr ; North Fork, \ for San
Francisco;, stmr - Francis : H Lcg-pett, : for \u25a0 San
Francisco, with • Br «hlp : Bamaritan In ; tow."
Arrived Dec 14— Stmr /Vanguard,' hencV Deo
13; pow«r «chr Corinthian, : hence Deo 18/ •
POINT REYES— Pasted D«o 14* 2 p "xar-
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
\u25a0 SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 14—5 p. m.
The following maximum end minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 44-28| Philadelphia 52-34
Chicago aO-22! Pittsburg 30-24
Cincinnati ......42-2-1 St. Louis 34-24
Honolulu 72-66 Washington 62-34
New York 50-34j Jacksonville 62-68
New York 68-521
SAN FRANCISCO 56-46
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, aa compared with thoua of the same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours: •*\u25a0*;\u25a0"\u25a0:
Last This Last
Stations — 2i hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 5.65 11.44
Red Bluff 0.00 2.13 11.63
Sacramento 0.00 1.J53 7.90
San Francisco 0.00 0.92 9.00
San Jose 0.00 2.17 6.05
Fresno 0.00 0.88 6.07
Independence ...... 0.00 0.43 -\u25a0 0.45
San Luis 0bi5p0."...; 0.00 2.00 \u25a0 . 4.73
Los Angeles 0.00 8.06 1.40
San Plego 0.00 4.20 ' 0.24
THE- COAST RECORD.
, S I \u25a0 X '2 g , 3
\u25a0f gESa^f.: *l i
§ Igli 4 *l 5
STATIONa £ gl§3 &§ \u25a0 £ g
* - \.'. .: * i;
Baker 30.22 36 10 .8 Clear .00
Reno 30.06 44 20 SB Cloudy .00
Eureka 29.76 62 40 W Cloudy .00
Fresno 20.00 63 34 ED Cloudy .00
£v EL Fara110n.29.84 60 64 S Cloudy .00
Flagßtaff 30.18 48 10 E Clear .00
Independence .30.04 66 30 S Clear .00
Los Angeles ..29.92 76 46 W Clear .00
Mt. Tamalpais.29.B7 62 40 S Foggy .00
North Head ..29.80 54 46 E Cloudy .04'
Phoenix 29.03 68 88 NE Clear .00
Point Reyes ..29.81 67 50 S Cloudy .00
Pocatello 80.34 36 6 W Clear .00
Portland 20.90 44 32 SB Cloudy .00
Red Bluff ...29.94 54 38 NE Cloudy .00
Roseburg 29.84 40 30 S Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..29.90 60 40 N Cloudy .00
Salt Lake ...30.24 33 20 NW Clear .00
San Francisco.29.92 56 4« NB Cloudy .00
Saa Jose 29.88 53 38 NW Cloudy .00
S. L. 0b18p0..29.00 88 38 SW Pt.Cldy .00
San Diego ...29.00 74 62 SW Clear .CO
Seattle 29.86 48 34 6E Cloudy .00
Spokane 30.03 33 24 E Pt.Cldy .00
Tatoosh ..- 29.78 48-44 E Cloudy .07
Walla Wa11a..30.12 24 22 SW Cloudy .00
Winnemucca ..30.12 40 10 NE Cloudy .00
Yuma .29.98 63 42 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure Is falling steadily along the
coast of Northern California and Oregon.
Cloudy weather la reported from San Francisco
northward and brisk southerly winds prevail
offshore. Conditions are favorable for cloudy
weather and probably rain Friday over Cen
tral and Northern California.
Southeast storm warnings are displayed from
Point Lobos to Eureka.
FORECAST FOR DECEMBER 16.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Friday,
probably rain; brisk southeast winds.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy • Friday;
light northeast winds, changing to westerly.
Sacramento' Valley — Cloudy Friday, probably
rain; light north winds, changing: to southerly.
San Joaquin Valley — Cloudy Friday; fresh
south winds.
-Coast — Rain Friday north of San Francisco,
cloudy south: brisk to high southeast winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Friday. "
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Schr Churchill, from Portland for San Fran
cisco. • ' .
EVERETT— SaiIed Dec 14— Ship Benjamin
F Packard, for New York.
Arrived Dec 14— Stmr Robert Dollar, hence
Dec 9 via Seattle.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Deo 14 — Schr Vega,
for San .Franclscio.
REDONDO — Sailed Deo 14— Stmr . Scotia, for
San Francisco.
JUNEAU— SaiIed Dec 13— Stmr Jefferson, for
Seattle.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Dec 14 — Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, for Eureka; banre Santa Paula, for
San Francisco, In tow of tug Sea Kins.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 14 — Stmr
Brunswick, hence Dec 13; etmr W H Kruger,
hence Dec 13. •
Sailed Dec 14— Stmr James S Hlggins. for
San Francisco; stmr Phoenix, for San Fran
cisco. \u25a0\u25a0 . •
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Dec 14 — Stmr
Bonlta. hence Dec 12, and sailed for San Pedro.
ABERDEEN — Arrived Dec 14 — Stmr Santa
Monica, hence Dec 11. . .
Sailed Dec 14 — Stmr Norwood, for San Pedro.
ISLAND FORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 14— Br stmr Mlo
wera, from Brisbane for Vancouver.
V * EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 14— ShiD I F
Chapman, from Hloaro. __
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed Dec
13— Ship Arthur Scwall, from Philadelphia for
Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Sailed Dec 14— Stmr Havana, for
New York.' ,
HlOGO— Sailed Nov 6— Br stmr Calchoa, for
.Kuchlnotzu. . ' ;'./":
Arrived srlor to Dec 13— Br stmr Oanfa,
from Clyde ' for \u25a0 Port Townsend: - '
HONGKONG— SaiIed \u25a0- Dec . 13— Br Btmr Em
preps of: Japan, for Vancouver. * ..
SINGAPORK— Arrived prior to Dec 13— Ship
Acme from Manila. ' \u25a07%eg2So^&&BB&!4tS£o&l&*&
SHANGHAI— Arrived Doc o—Br0 — Br stmr Beck
enham, from Everett. •'
' CORONEL — Arrived Nov 28— Br. etmr Afiato,
from Guayaquil. \u25a0 '; ; '
Sailed Dec 13— Stmr Texan, for. Ban Francis
co via San Diego, not ' New York as reported.
IQUIQUE — Arrived .Nov 27 — Br etmr Auchen
crajr. from \u25a0 New York.*^9«spßMMsHMMl(Sn
DUNGENESS— Passed;. DwO-Br bark Pro
cyon. from : Hamburg for Oregon. ' ; \u25a0 "
YOKOHAMA— Arrived > Nov 27 — Brstmr In
dranl,;. from New York. ' '. Dec ", 13— Stmr China,"
hence Nov?s.- ", \u25a0 . \u25a0
GU A YMA S— Arrived Dec" 13— Schr Lyman D
Foster. , from ; Belllneham. \u25a0\u25a0-< •: • . ; . . \u25a0 » '
- VICTORIA; ; B \u25a0 C— Arrived Deo 14— Nor stmr
Terje Vlken. r, hence. Deo '. 11: v. \u25a0
; yALPARAISO— SaUedl; Dw \u25a0 14-a«r «tmr
ARMY NEEDS
MANY HORSES
Four HunciredVAjiimals Will
Be Sent to Philippines
When Properly Inspected
BUFOED SAILS TO-DAY
Great Transport^ Carries
Many Soldiers to Far
Away Island Possessions
The War Department has decided to
purchase 375 cavalry horses and 25 ar
tillery horses for service In the Philip
pines. The horses are subject to an
examination by a board of veterinary
surgeons and besides being 1 free from
disease must pass as to v/eight, height
and other qualifications. Bids will be
opened January 5 in the chief Quar
termaster's office in San Francisco.
Portland, Seattle and St. Louis.
The Seventh Infantry arrived on the
transport Thomas and went into camp
near the Lombard street gate at the
Presidio.
Fifty patients, including Captain
Stephen Kockensperger, Philippine
Scouts; Lieutenant Geo. 21. Lee. Seventh
Cavalry; Lieutenant. Chester Loop,
Thirteenth Infantry, and Lieutenant
Robert L. Moseley, Philippine Scouts,
arrived on the transport Thomas and
were taken to the General Hospital at
the Presidio.
The funeral of Miss Claire Carter,
the 13-year-old daughter of Captain
Carter, took place from the TValdeck
Hotel yesterday. The body was in
terred in the National cemetery at the
Presidio.
The remains of Private Moses T.
Mitchell, Seventieth Coast Artillery,
who committed suicide on a Union
street car, were Interred in the Na
tional Cemetery at the Presidio yes
terday. . ' \u25a0
Target practice at the Presidio was
suspended yesterday on account of
hazy weather.
Captain G. TV. Van Dausen, Artillery
Corps, reported for duty with the Coast
Artillery at the Presidio yesterday to
prepare for an examination for pro
motion. ,V \u25a0V.
The hop which was to have been
given at the Presidio December 19 has
been postponed to December 28.
Lieutenant G. B. Pillsbury, Engineer
Corps, now stationed in Alaska, is at
the St." Francis while waiting for an
examination for promotion.
Major William G. Gambrill. pay de
partment, is at the Palace Hotel while
en route to the Philippines.
Lieutenant Colonel W. B. Davis,
medical department, Is awaiting orders
at the Occidental Hotel.
Major Hugh D. Wise, Philippine
Scouts, is at the Occidental Hotel while
on a leave of absence.
Lieutenant E. D. Kilbourne. medical
department, is awaiting orders at the
Occidental Hotel.
Following is the passenger list of
the transport Buford, which sails for
Manila this morning:
Colonel J. H. Dorst, Major W. C. Brown,
Captain J. TV. Heard. Captain D. ,L. Tate,
wife and child, Captain S. Rice, wife and child,
Captain G. A. Hadekln, Captain J. T. Conrad,
Captain A. E. Williams and wife. Captain H.
H. Pattlson Captain C. H. Conrad Jr., Chaplain
J. A. Mills, wife, infant and mother,' Captain
R. B. Harper, Lieutenant Kurtz Eppley, Lieu
tenant W. B. Cowln, Lieutenant TV. B. Grant,
Lieutenant Dorsey Cullen, Lieutenant Daniel
Van Voorhls, Lieutenant J. A. Wagner, wife
and Infant. Lieutenant Wallace de Witt and
wife, Lieutenant G. A. Scone, Lieutenant G.
C. Culver, Lieutenant I. L. Ilunsaker, wife
and two children. Lieutenant E. R. Coppock
and wife. Lieutenant 8. D. Maize and wife.
Lieutenant' H. E. Mitchell, Lieutenant A. B.
Jones, Lieutenant D. B. Talley and wife. Lieu
tenant C. F. Boyd, wife and infant. Lieuten
ant Ralph R. Glass, Lieutenant H. McElderry.
G. Schwartzkopf and wife. Mrs. John A. Staf
ford and daughter, Miss O. Pattison,
Mrs. H. G. Gibner, C. W. Rosenstock.
wife and two children, G. C. Roeen
etock (father of C. W. Rosenstock),
Mrs. Anna Smith, Mrs. Claude Howard, Mrs.
Fritz V. Llnderud, Mrs. John C. Branth and
child. Mrs. John W. Beatty and infant, Mrs.
Parkinson, Mrs. Marine Peterson, Mrs. H. A.
Carpenter and child, Mrs. G. Adolph Aenlle.
Mrs. 11. E. Drew, E. P. Jefferis, wife and
child, John E. Miller and wife, William Strat
ton, M. G. Greeg-or, Stewart Van Vliet, James
A. Corrie, Mrs. Bert Dunlap and three chil
dren.
Note — Stewart Van Vllet, James A. Corrie
and Mrs. Dunlap and three children are
destined for Honolulu.
Soldiers' Quarters — San Francisco to Hono
lulu: Charles K. Russell. Sylvester Gardla,
A. B. Rltz. Hujrh Simmons. -\u25a0•; ;\u25a0?
' San Francisco to Manila — William Hume,
servant (male) with Captain Tate. Martus Pe
texren, Emil Jacquet, servant (Filipino) with
Lieutenant Cullen, Felipe Aringo (Filipino
boy) H. A/ Carpenter.
Guam to Manila— William A. Lafeyth.
Guam .to San Francisco— Charles Shinrack,
U. S. M. C.
Organizations^ — Third United States Cavalry
(except troops B and M), hospital corps, re
cruits.
Sals, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
DOVER — Arrived \u25a0 Dec 14 — Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from New York.
QUEENSTOTVN — Arrived Deo 14 — Stmr Ce
drlc, from New York.
Memoranda.
WINSLOW, Dec 14— Stmr J B Stetson wa»
successfully launched here at 8:25 am.
Capital, Surplus and Profits
$3,000,000.00
Five Dollars
The convenience of keeping
your valuables in a aafe at your
office or home is offset by the
risk of fire or burglars.
?5.00 secures absolute protec-
tion In our safe deposit and stor-
age vaults. V
California Safe
Deposit and
Trust Co.
California and Montgomery Sts.
San Francisco, Cal.
ASSETS 1
Over Ten •' Million Dollars ,
visit DR* JORDAN'S great £
iSUSEUa OF AIiATOMVi
i k ,O* - 1051 1UBUT ST. li«t.«th*n«,&F.CftL 1
' Hp Tha Urteit Anatomical ICuita in tbt '
/ 1 - W«»In«MM sr »ny •Htraeiei t \
V «3*!*W *'•««• P«««lv*>r en«< by tin »14««t 7
'. > i*K* *?A \ Specialist ea tht C*ut. ~ Btt. Si y«an. ~g
A fl^y& OR. JDHDAH-OISEASES OF MEM /}
# VwwS^Jtl 1 *j'«o«nlttd»a ftfe and itricUr privju \
fl . JtSxg"' f I Tre»tment {wrwwmtlj ,or by lever. £. / !
\u25a0 V X ff< VVS S f 9 * itixKrwrt^ a eW7C*» nnderjikta. :-'-.. W .
' ' BP (I llff ' Writ* tor Ko«k,SP»IH.O»OI»«rV«»t'A
' Jl 11 * HAS* K JACK. .'iilUO EM£. «A¥
d i &' Is' **'«»*•« b«uk for uttm.) v ' \ j
| V. DU.JOBDANAVO., 1051 Market 3t., S. F. 9
SAUNDERS MAY
KEEP PAPERS
Captain of -Manchuria Has
Engaged George Knight
FINDS FAVOBABLE CASE
District Judge Wheeler of
New York Decides That
Perjury Does Not Vitiate
Although the United States secret ser
vice people say they have evidence that
Captain James William Saunders. master
of the steamship Manchuria, was not en
titled to be naturalized at the time his
certificate of citizenship was given to him
in the New York Superior Court, it is
likely that they will not succeed in hav
ing that certificate canceled.
Captain Saunders has engaged Attorney
Georgo A. Knight to defend his interests,
and Knight said yesterday that under the
decision of the United States Circuit
Court of New York in the case of the
United States against Gleason, as re
ported in the 7&th volume of the Federal
Reporter, the judgment cannot be dis
turbed.
The fact was admitted that Gleason had
knowingly and falsely sworn that he had
resided in the United States for three
years before becoming of age, but the
decision holds that the perjury was im
material to the issue as to whether the
judgment of the Superior Court admit
ting him to citizenship should stand. The
syllabus says:
The administration of the oaths and issuing:
of the certificate to the applicant for natural
ization by a court having Jurisdiction of eucb
applications constitute a judgment of admis
sion to citizenship which is conclusive as to
the existence of the necessary facta and the
status of the applicant. Such certificate can
not be set aside upon the grounds that tho
facts were falsely represented to the court.
The decision was rendered on January
30, 1597, by United States District Judge
Wheeler, sitting in the Circuit Court.
The dispute in the case of Captain
Saundors, who was naturalized as a
minor on June 22, ISS6, is as -to his resi
dence. When a boy he arrived at Boston
on an English ship and cruised between
Boston and a foreign port In British
ships.
He considered that his landing at Bos
ton when returning from such trips was
equivalent to a residence. This is dis
puted by Assistant United States District
Attorney A. P. Black and United States
Secret Service Agent Taylor. Mr. Black
has taken the matter under advisement,
in hope that he may find some other de
cision that may contradict that of Judge
Wheeler. !
For Christmas Gifts.
"We have on exhibition a fine line of framed
pictures, showing all the new effects In Flem
ish, Old Dutch and Ebony frames, -with tinted
mats to match. AH the new pictures in Cop
ley prints Platinum, Sepia and Water Color.
Saaborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
SITE FOR NORMAL. BCHOOI* — The peti
tion of the San Francisco Protestant Orphan
Asylum for leave to sell two lots to the State
Normal School for $50,000 was granted by
Judgre Troutt yesterday. The lots are located
on Hermann street, between Buchanan and
Lacuna.
Small ad. advertisers can only be cer
tain of their ads. appearing: In Sunday's
Call — Christmas Edition — upon the
early delivery of their copy at this of
fice. No ads. Trill be received later than
7 o'clock Saturday nisrht.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 14. — William Matthews, Joe
Felles and Lai Chaboya. footpads, who have
confessed to numerous holdups and assaults.
were to-day held to answer before the Superior
Court on a number of charges of felony.
STATEMENTS OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAHIS OF THE
mm Fire aid mumb
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SPRINGFIELD. IN THE STATE OF
Massachusetts, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber A. D.. 1904. and for the year ending on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of tne
Political Code, condensed as per Wank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
A ?n° u ca S h f .^".f^y.^iaoooLOoo g
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $421,000 CO
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 548,4-4 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 4.870.573 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 12-?22 22
Cash in Company's Offlco 2.420 89
Cash In Banks r. 468,070 85
Interest due and accrued en all
Stocks and Loans ............. 82.269 60
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 13.868 10
Premiums in due Couree of Collec- -
ti on 573,331 SS
Rents due and accrued 637 84
Total Assets $6.440.893 16
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted . and unpaid $34,533 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 151.75 l 87
Losses resisted. Including expenses 24,907 07
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $2,511.-
630 65: reinsurance 50 per cent. 1,255,919 S2
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $2,599.-
373 58 - reinsurance pro rata.:.. 1,374.781 22
Total Liabilities $2.871.911 98
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums .'..53,600,605 23
Received for ; Interest oa Bonds
and Mortgages 27,772 68
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 153.591 11
Received for Rents 10,468 43
Profit on sale or maturity of
Ledger Assets ." 176.773 21
Total Income .$3.899.210 64
EXPENDITURES. •
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including §279,423 56, losses of
previous years) $2.1*9,590 C 4
Dividends to Stockholders 200,000 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 664,273 63
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 158,657 92
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes •"• 123 - 5C4 M
All other payments and expendl-
turea • ••••• 328.560 52
Total Expenditures $3.663,502 21
Fire.""
losses Incurred during the year. .$2.233.113 82
Risks- and Premiums. |Flre Risks.! Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during; the
year .....:. $393.120.153,54.757.931 SO
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year...- ". 3C5.579.818 4.350.504 73
Net amount in- force
December 31. 1004. \u25a0 ,442,0fi1.(ff12 5.111.013 23
~~~ A. W. DAMON*. President.
\V. J. MACKET, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to befors me. this 3d
day of February. 1003. -
PERCY S. GATES, Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPART3IENT*
304-310 KOHL (nAYTV'ARD) BUILDING
: SAN; FRANCISCO. CALIFORNIA.
Representing California. \u25a0 Oregon, Washington.
Montana, ' Idaho; Utah,' Nevada and the Terri-
tories of Hawaii and Alaska and Arizona.
GEO. D. DORNIN, Manager
GEO. W. DORXIX. Awt, Manaser. ;*-">' J3Nfc s C. DORALY. 2d jU»t Xaaafftr, '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SgBSBBBBBBBasaaSSSBBBB
I OPEN EVENINGS 1
° i
> a \u25a0
I I
a *T i
c a
I S. &G. Gump Co. §
I The latest Enropesn Importations in \u25a0
\u25a0 Paintings, Pictures, g-
\u25a0 Bronze and Marble Statnarj, g
S Fine China and Glassware, a
1 Cnt Glass, a'«
1 Hall and Mantel Clocks, |
I Electric Lamps, §
1 Objects dArt g
1 AT MODERATE PRICES |
i Agents Canldon (English) China I
I 113 6EARY STREET I
I S
BBBBBBHgBBBBaaBBBBBBBB
fcreopptfte'r-jg 1# 1% *y (\ 9^
H OHiMO f.S^I \wiilinM Win
S I* "'""/ All M
I fm APPRECIABLE |
I Iff FOR ANY MAN g
H jr^g Saves " barber bills; 8
fi fc^S makes shaving ag •'
M t?~~j real pleasure; re- h
H F^T-^j quires no honing: or a
U K^''";J stropping; has 12 0
9 double-edged blades. Price, 1
G complete So.OOH
S Star Safety Razor, the "oldH
H reliable." Regular price $2.00. fl
H My special price Sl.oOB
h Standard old-stylo Razors Infl
H all leading makes, from SI uj> H
B Mail orders promptly filled. \u25a0
I THAT MAN PiTTSI
m F. W. PITTS. The Stationer. |
H 100S Market St.. San Francisco. B
y^*>v Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Js*te*M-i 629 KIUUST ST. Established
fy nf iS3'" IS3- * * or th * treatment of Hrlvnto
I# iJPV/ Svtf Disea-ies. Lout Haaaoi >«!. Debility or
Ja SBK^Sa !l ' !"! "* !UB wearlngron body and mind "and
fejfeisSsfiiA s ' cirl fi» K»-*eBK »-*e8- Tbe Doc:or cores whea
gyraMQ^jCTothfra (ail. Try him. Chargea low.
SiJii»iift6i3 <«m 'naranttfd. Call or wrl a.
7>r. J. F- «lOBOX. San Frarw'sco. Col.
Weak Men acd Women
SHOULD USB DA ASK BITTEKS, THS
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
•trenjth to sexual or-ans. Deot 32S Uarket.
National Fire
IHSIMSOE COMPANY
OPO P HARTFORD IN THE STATE OB* CO?T-
y necticut. on th» 31 st flay of Dec«nb«r.
A. D. lflW. and for the year .ndla* on that
aay. as mads to th« Insurance Commlwtoner
oftte Btate of California, puwuant to ttl
provision* of sections ttO maO. «li «f th«
nlshed by the CJoinmlasioner.
CAPITAI*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid „»
ta Casll \u25a0«.000,000 oo
ASSETS. — <—
Real Estate owned by Company.. |387 604 2s
Cash in Banks » iJtZSi ™
-••- 508.731 80
ToUi x "*» "'\u25a0 .iwwra
UABiLJtTIES. ===S=
Losses adjnsted and unpaid t(3 <vi ~»
Losses In process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 2~*t« m
Losses resisted, include expense. S
Grow premium* oa Fir» Risk, ran- M
257 83; reinwirano. 00 per cent. 1 m «n m
Gross premiums on Tin, Riak, i '* I ** s 3 «
nlng more than ons year. (3.M0 -
780 12; reinsurance pro rata * * •*. —
Epecial Reserve for CbS2£S£ X^g J
j Total LlabiliU SSwoa'
INOOifEL >
Net cash actually received for Fb-
premiums "*,,.„
Received for Interest oa BondVVn^ 839 73
Mortgages __
Received for Interest and' dividends K>4M tt
on Bonds. Stock*. Loans^^a
from all other source7;.T7 *>,
Received for Renta .. ZOt.Oflf 94
15.425 83
Total Income r:
14.676.643 78
EXPENDITtrRES. -
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(lncludlnj: 1324,132 23. losses of
previous years) \u0084»- .„ '
Dividends to Stockholders \u2666—599.014 09
Paid or allowed for Commlssio'n'A; 12O '°«> 00
Brokerasre - „_
Paid for Salaries. Fees and'othi; 83 5.«* 3X
charges for officers, clerks' *tr. »+.
Paid for State. National and \ocai Sl4 - S2 3 «
taxes iocai
All other payments and expendil "^'^S 04
ture3 «7.ies v
Total Expeadlture.
Los^ incurred during the year. , t^
Rtek. and^remtums.l Flr% Rtok» PrmtonsT
Net amount of Risk* "
\u25a0written during the
Nrt e *amount oV^Rlsi, W6 *'* ?T -* iS "^SSO 73*
expired during the
NJt'^mouVr.n'forc; 5.3C5.1631*
December 31. 19<H. .( 503.T00.874 tS.GS2.Kn 4?
Tth^ay^aaSSarvr^ * **<°<° ™: this.
FRED. B. SETMOCR. .Votary Pubac
PACIFIC DEPART^IE^fTt
301-311) KOHL <HAYWA2tD> HVlUijylk
SAN FRA>'CISCO. CALIFORNIA.
RepresenUng the SUtes of California. Ore-
gon. Washington, Montana. Idaho, UtaS V»T
vada. Colorado and Wyoming, and the Tern
toriea.of Arizona. New Mexico. Hawaii and
Alaska.JOHN' p. SPRECKEXS Proprietor
Address Ccrr.municatiens to
JOHN McX AUGHT Manager j
W. J. 3IAKTIX Business Manager
' *i >; TELEPHONE.
Aek for The Call. The Operator Will Con-
nect *ou With the Department You With.
£}HllcaH IIca V on °'*lee Market and Third. S. F.
Kd.toriiil Rooms Ul7 to _.'l Stevenson et.
Delivered fey Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Ctf. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terras by Mr.il. Inclufling Postage (Cash With
TAILY CALL Clndud. Suiidayr), 1 year. .?S. OO
~AIL\ CALL (inelud. Sunday), C recs... 4. C0
PA ILY CALI — Uy eingla Month 75c
SS* 13 -* CALL, 1 Year 2.W)
WEEKLT CALL. 1 Year 1.00
FOREIGN f Daily ...SS.SO Per Year Extra
PO'Tapp J . Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
t AULI tWetkly.. 1.00 Per Year Kxtra
ALL POETSIASTEB- ARE AUTHORIZED TO 1
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eamp'.e copies will be rorwarded when re-
_. quested.
Man subscriber? in ornertr.g change of a*l-
V'« should be particular to give both NEW
AIwD OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
pt CCti CWT * cl compliance with their re-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
301 C Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
\u25bc:<~«# Park Street. Ner.r Santa Clara Avenue.
Phone Aiameda C 59.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
«<« Center Street Telephone North 77
Washington correspondent:
II- E. CRANE 1400 G Street, N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentand. 31
rnicn Square; Murray HiU Hotel; Fifth-avenue
liotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO XEWS STANDS:
Gherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hote!; Trernoni House; Auditorium
* otel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. G-ORGE KROGNEES, Harc/jette BuSMing
(— ong Distance Telephone, "Central 2tJl9.">
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; cpen until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
ICOS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
806 Montgomery aye.; open until 9 p. m.
KOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C3B McAllister 6treet; open until 8:^0 p. m.
CIS L&rkin ttreet; open until »:30 p. m.
l&il Mission etreet; open until 10 p. un.
106 Eleventh ttreet; cpen until » p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until a p. m.
2200 Filhnore street ; open until 9 p. m.
4314 J street, near Ocean boulevard; open ua-
til » p. m. .
\ MEETING XOTICES.
PACIFIC Lcxita No. 136. F. and A. M.. «
will ineer TO-DAY at 1:30 p. m. to "V_r
attend the funeral of our late brother, /^r\
JOSEPH S. DALLAM. late of Yuba
Lodge No. 39. Funeral committees are in-
vited. GEORGE PENLINGTON*. Sec.
PACIFIC LODGE No. 136. F. and A. _"
M., will niett THIS EVENING, 7 :30 VV
o'clock. Beoond degree. /VN
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
SPERANZA Ita!)an a Locge So. 21£>, F. _\u25a0
and A. M.— Third decree THIS tFRI- VV
DAYJ EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
G. SCAL^IANINI, Secretary.
AMITY LoOee No. :i7O. F. and A M.. _
Mission Masonic Tempi*, 2«>B Mission vv
EL-^Spedal meeting THIS (FRIDAY) /VY
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second de-
gree. Fwllowcraft Masons cordially invited.
A. B. CLARK, Secretary.
SARGENT Lodee No. 3«:^f I. O.
1 .—lnitiati n :-.rui second dV- -""'^f^^SSirt
srw THIH (FRIDAY) E\ r EX-^%jS'V'«
ISO. Vi.-lting brothers welcome. "'SSWwP'*'.
E. A. PAINTER. N. G.
• CALIFORNIA Loose No. 1, K. of P.. -45£ '
meets THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING <s_S^>
at S o'clock. Pioneer building, 2* • /SfiJ
Fourth ttn-et. Visitors cordially in- _e_!3?
viu-d to attend.
JOHN* M. LORTON. C. C.
R. X. McLENNAN", K. of R. and S.
_T*R£_*_ Lodet No. ». K. of P.. 32 •&£!
Eddy Ftre*t, meets THIS (FRIDAY) *3ts£*(/
IiVKNIN'G. Esquire rank. Mem- /Sj&
bc-rs and visitors cordially invited. j£S«^
PHIL G. CULLOM. C. C
GEORGE H. BRODERSON*. K. of R. & S.
G< 'LL'HN City Lodge No. 03, K. of
P. — Esquire rank FRIDAY, Decem- V)S»^
bcr 15. Castle Hall. 220 Golden Gate yb_&
cr '~~ C GEO. M. STEVENS. C. C. * i3S*\,
ED M. OOFFEY. K. of R. and S.
( \:c FRANCISCO Tent No. j4£r' K "'*&&K
TIS, K. O. T. M.— Review /Wt>-_"ETri»
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- ftrf C VJsia
ING at 6 o'clock. Pioneer \r*U
Hall, £4 Fourth jt. W_.i*sis^»
D. B. RICHARDS. <iSQ2L2?&
Record Keener. > ?e2_JKS' r
REGULAR meeting and Installation v C 7 s-
of "officers of the Caledonian CTub^, &$'
THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock. Scot- '^XS?
tlsh Hall. 117 Larkin st. '«£_?%
D. D. McRAE. CTiief.
JAMES H. DUNCAX, Secretary.
CHIEFS and members cf Pohonachee Afifld^
Tribe So. 10, Irr.r>'<l O. R. M.— fd___:
You are hereby requested to at- *____T
t^iid the funeral of our late brother. A M.
BEACH. SATURDAY. December 1«, at 1
p m from undertaking parlors of H. F.
V_«t Co.. 017 Mission Bt. By order.
SAMUEL HARiLVN. Sachem.
WILLIAM NUTTALL, Chief of Records.
THE annual meeting of the ftockhrjders of
Wells Fargo Nevada National Bank of San
Francisco Cal.. will be held at Its banking-
house SOI Montgomery st.. Ban Francisco,
Cal en TUESDAY. January 9, 1806. at 3:15
p in for the election of directors to iserve
during the ensuing year, and for the trans-
action of cuch other business as may come
before the meeting.
DCTO F. L. LIFMAN. Secretary.
ATTORXEVS-AT-LAW.
DIVORCE; costs, 112; quick, quiet; advica free;
no fee in advance; mo charge unless success-
ful- cpen evngs.; wills, deeds, leases, bille of
eale and articles of copartnership; corpora-
tion* organized; bankruptcy; collections; pro-
bating of estates. fi27 Market, r. 801.
R_ W KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
6th "fiocr. entrance room 011; established 20
- V years \u25a0 tdl - courts, general courts and office
Jr practice; no fee In advance or for consulta-
." tlon: evening* *>y appointment. TeL Red <*601.
ADVICE free, all legal matters.
No charge unless successful.
No advance fee*.
All law business. Established 20 years.
Examiner building, room 316. third floor.
ADVICE Tree; legal divorce costs $12; all law
csFes handled; no fee in advance: open Sat-
urday evenine*; other evenings by appoint-
ment; call and cave money. 819 Mkt.. r. 33.
COLUMBIAN L»w and Col. Ag.. r. 85. ««
Market, o P p. Emporium: tel. Mon^ry. 1310;
le^al rratterg and collections; old established.
L. 8. CLARK, !<27 Market, reoan 1 502. consulta-
.; on free; no fee in advance. Open evcnlngg.
ACCOUyTAJfTS.
ACroriCANTB services. £10 end upward per
§ month: include* keeping your books; ««min-
atlons and financial statenv-nt» made; rrivate
inrtruc. bookkeeping. ctc.Rrn. <a. 800 Mrket.
ATTO MO BILES.
- iortrt MODEL Compounds arrived; prize-win-
der £1 TMH-lte economy i«W/«non S trattos
day r.ight. S. F. Auto Co.. Inc., <16 Ninth.
«PjC_Oj_KEPIXG ;
Lr- uk keen your books: nothing too }****>
L notwn_ 1% *m.H: we make a specialty of
4 -^ (C VH_ EI F XXON-JAM U _^ AT7DIT CO..
T«i .Snuff Kill.
BICYCLES— For »aleorJEjtcliance^
A BICYCLE in good order for sale cheap, at
once. Box 31 £3. Call.
;^V^ cciiefob uuPTrnE.
NO hlch-prleed. "palniem, <?) treatments to
cure Rnptur*; simply wesr Dr. Pierce , s
Truss, and it will do the' work! Sold ...Q
years- thousands cured. Call or address
L-LIXTUIC TRUSS CO.. £06 Kearny st.
<gmKOPOpiSTS. \
CORNS, bunions, etc.. removed by electricity:
no pain. ELNFELT, ICBS Market «U. r. 717.
"business ciiances.
A—sl4oo;A — $1400; OYSTER and chop house close to
Market and Fourth sts. ; rent $30; daily re-
ceipts ?40; well established; good business.
Call R. G. Y.'ILKE, _tHa Kearny St.
A—s2oo;A — $200; CORNER cigar stand; close to Palace
Hotel; rent only $20; bargain. R. G. WILKE,
2GH. Kearny si.
A— sl2oo; HALF interest in collection and real
CFtate office, Emma Epreckcls building; hon-
est office man needed. Call R. G. WILKE,
20 \'- Kearny et.
A— s3ooo; MANUFACTURING and art store, as
picture frames, artists' material, window
shades,- fine stationery, etc.; owner in busi-
nofs years, wants to retire; full value in
right, or isi-:-» stock; leading busineEs street.
Partlcciai-3 R. Q. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Bt.
! A—?S5O;A — ?S50; CORNER grocery ar.d dairy products;
i on Guerrero et.; living rooms; rent $27 50;
full value in tight; owner to leave for Aus-
tralia. Call R. G. WILKE. £6>' 3 Kearny «t.
A— sie,ooo; CORNER saloon on Market, close to
First st.; lease; one of the best places in this
city. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 20^
ICearny st.
A— $GWO; SALOON on Market et.; this is one
j of the bt-Kt places in this city; owner sacri-
i- fiees because engaged In other enterprise;
location the meet prominent. All particulars
R. G. \YII.KE. ?(!'& Kearny st.
A— J2COO; CORNER grocery and bar; near
German Hospital; place established years; a
good business; owner a widow; wants to go
to Germany. R. G. WILKE, 23Vi Kearny.
A— sl_»: BAKERY and confectionery: West-
ern ACdition; baking two and a half barrels
per day; daily store trade about $50; 1 horse,
1 wagon; rent $43; lease. Call R. G.
WILKE. 20 V, Kearny gt.
A— s.-J75; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen;
rtore rent $1S; 4 rooms; daily receipts from
SlO up; rare chance. Call R, G. WILKE,
VB"^ Kfarny st.
LADY or gentleman wishing to invest small
sum In .fine paying buslnees guaranteeing JO
per cent, with petition in company at good
salary and ample security given, would do
well to investigate this. Call or address room
SIS James Flood building.
BRIGHT young man with very small capital
can have good opportunity to engage In
butiness; will be guaranteed $50 per month
salary to start; call and investigate this.
Room 318, Juruis Flood building.
FOR EALE AT SACRIFICE.
Fine Cijtar Store.
Right in heart of Oakland. Thousands of
people passing to and fro daily. Next to S. P.
ticket office o n Seventh St.. near Broadway.
This is your opportunity to step into a well
paying business and a good income. For full
particulars call or address
BAY CITIES REALTY CO.,
477 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
FOR sale — One of the finest hotels in a thriv-
ing city in Alameda County; open all the
year round; lots of transient guests; hotel
has 41 rooms; rent is very low; on principal
street of tho town; close to railroad; ha*
bar and sample rooms attached, also laun-
dry. Address box 3112, Call office.
GENTLEMAN owning large farm in Oregon,
an experienced poultryman, desires working
partner, married preferred, with $2000, to
establish an up-to-date poultry, equab and
fruit farm; investment will net 100 per
cent. Address all replies to box 2SS4. Call.
FOR sale in the country — A first-class hotel
with fear, billiard-room and parlor; barber
chop connected with all necessary outbuild-
ings; furniture all in good condition and near-
ly new; will sell for $5250, part on time.
Box ICOS. Call office.
RESTAURANT. 7 Ellis Bt.; oyster and clam
depot; mutt be sold at once account of sick-
ness. Call at restaurant, 7 Ellis st., near
Market, or California Buyers' Union, 1253
James Flood building.
FOR sale — Wood, coal, hay and grain business
in a growing city near San Francisco; this
business is well-established and brings In a
good income; trade is good and first-class;
will cell at invoice. Box 3053, Call office.
WANTED — Private secretary and manager;
good salary; must put up $1000 as security
for safe keeping; no triflers. Address E. J.
SWAN, Phillips building. 91S Fifth Et., San
Diego. Cal.
A BARGAIN.
$1950 only for a 5-room cottage in Berkeley;
near Key route and local trains. P. C. LAS-
SEN & CO.. 4GC Tenth st.. Oakland. Cal.
$6»K) buys a country weekly in growing town;
circulation 440; paying $90 to $100 a month;
can be douMed by good business man. , Ad-
dress box 2SS9. Call office.
GENTLEMAN with expert commercial knowl-
edge, at present visiting San Francisco, de-
eires agencies and commissions for Aus-
tralia; highest references. Box 2657, Call.
FOR Bale in California, near a coal mine, an
established general merchandise store; will
cell at Invoice; rent very reasonable; this
is a bargain. Box 305 L Call office; no agents.
FOR eale — A well-established commission and
produce business; good income;. will cell en-
tire business or take a working partner. Ad-
dress box 1693. Call office; no agente.
FOR sale in northwestern part of State; an
established general merchandise etore, car-
rying everything required. Address box 1601.
Call office.
WANTED— A partner with about $2000 in a
well-established, good paying business. For
full particulars address box 3193, Call office;
no agents.
WANTED — To buy a half-Interest with services
in a good, general merchandise store; coun-
try preferred. Address with particulars, box
3106. Call orfice.
"WANTED — A general merchandise store in
good farming community in northern part
of State. Addrees with full particulars, box
1694, Call office.
f"2O0 — HOTEL with 26 rooms, newly furnished;
pood bar trade; cheap rent and long lease.
Box 2566. Call office.
FOR sale — Saloon; transfer corner; receipts $20
to ?25 per day; owner leaving city. Apply
r.02 Washington gt.. room 5; no agents.
WANTED — Whole or half interest In good sa«
loon: city or Oakland. Box 6220, Call office,
Oaklan d^
$000 cash for third Interest In business that
will pay each $250 mo.; Investigate; refer-
encea exchanged. Call 1140 James Flood bldg.
BOSTON dressmakers to get established will
make suits $4; children's 50c up. 1414 Pa-
cific «t.
$5000 — ONE of the best saloons in San Fran-
cisco for sale: disagreement cau?e of sale;
principals only. Addrecs box 3195. Call.
NEWSPAPER route for sale in Oakland: a
good Call route in Oakland for pale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
A GROCERY man. experienced, wishes to buy
partnership in an established 'grocery busl-
nees. Address box 1519. Call office.
WANTED — Partner in a well-established day
saloon; good trade. For further particulars,
address box 1510. Call office.
FOR eale — Fine corner caloon in Western Ad-
dition; on two car lines. Apply National
Brewery, between 12 and 2 p.m.
DELICATESSEN, bakery, notion store for sale
in Noe Valley; good traae; price reasonable.
Box 3194. Call office. :
PARTNER wanted in a boet enterprise on
river; no one but principals. Address box
3105. Call office.
RACES— SSO capital wins $12 dally; positive
proof. BLAIR. 935 Market St.. room 1.
A PAYING Examiner paper route for sale in
Oakland. Inquire Examiner office, Oakland.
MAN to drive laundry wagon; $65 per month;
must have $400. 5372 Minsion st.
CANDY, ice cream parlor, suitable for lady;
rent $11; long lease. 2821 Mission st.
$1250 — SALOON, cafe, 0 living rooms; elegantly
furn.; low rent; lease. Apply 3030 Fulton st.
OLD established delicatessen and restaurant
for gale. 407% Van Nees aye.
SECOND-HAND book store fcr sale In thick-
ly populated locality. Box SOC2, Call office.
WANTED — A grocery and bar; across the bay
preferred. Address box 3104, Call office.
FOR tale— Saloon, near Pars; good trade. Ad-
dress box 1597. Call office.
PARTNER wanted in tobacco and cigar manu-
factory. Addrees bo^ i 512. Call office.
FOR sale — A Krocery and bar In Potrero. For
further particulars address box 3110, Call.
GOOD Call route for sale. Apply at Call
office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpened at 1003 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. - "\u25a0 '\u25a0'•-
•LODGING-HOUSES FOn SALE.
A PRIVATE rooming-house of 16 rooms; all
furnished In new modern flat; fine neighbor-
hood- near park: must be sold and at a
bargain; investigate at once; a paying house.
Call US9 Turk Et.- , '
FOR eaie— A 14-room lodging house near Mar-
Vet st.; downtown: nicely furnished and all
filled with roomers; clears $50 per month
above all expenses. Address box 3182, Call
office; no agents. '
A TWO-STORY well furnished house; 2 en-
trances: IS rooms, 2 baths; In a good loca-
tion; for rale reasonable. Address box 0151,
Call office; no agents. " \u25a0\u25a0 . '
.. ..-- MARION GRIFFIN]
070 Market St., room SOl, eighth floor. '»
ROOMING-HOUSES and REAL ESTATE.
\u25a0 FOR SALE AND EXCHANGE.- FREE LIST.
FOR nale— A corner lodging-house, 14 rooms,
on flnrt floor. 802 Fourth et.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, pECEMBER 15, 1905, .
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR . SALE— Con.
FOR nale— A lodging-house of , 10 rooms; all
light and sunny; with good rooms; all rented;
rent very reasonable. For particulars, ad-
dress box 3111. Call office.
FISHER & CO Phone Main 3554
Room 438. James Flood building.
Furnished rooming-houses, hotels and flats.
LODGING-HOUSE ot 11 rooms for sale: in
good locality; rent cheap. Address box 2300,
Call office. > \u25a0
CL A I It VO I YAVTS.
AA— ALWAYS CONSUI/T THE BEST.
PROF. NIBLO,
ASTRAL DEAD TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
MY $3 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS, fX.
$I— LOW FEE— SL
BRING CALL COUPON AND SAVE $4.
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READING FOR
SI IF YOU BRING THIS
ADVERTISEMENT.
411 A ELLIS ST., NEAR JONES.
NO CHARGE IF NOT SATISFIED WHEN
READING IS OVER —
YOU TO BE JUDGE.
I DO HEREBY SOLEMNLY AGREE AND
GUARANTEE to mak« no charge if I fall to
call you by name in full, names of your
friends, enemies or rivals. I promise to tell
whether your husband wife or sweetheart is
true or false; tell you how to gain the love of
the one you most desire, even though miles
away; how to succeed in business, specula-
tion, lawaulU, how to marry the one of your
choice; how to regain youth, health and vi-
tality. Removes evil influences, cures drink
habits, locates treasures, cures all nervous
diseases.
How can I have jsood luck?
How can I succeed in business?
How can I make my home happy?
How can I conquer my enemies?
How can I marry the one I choose?
How can I marry well?
How soon can I marry?
How can I conquer my rival?
How can I make any one love m»?
How soon will my lover propose?
How can I get a good position?
How can I remove bad Influences?
How can I control any one?
How make distant ones think of me?
How can I hold my husband's love?
How can I keep my wife's love?
Oldest EBtablißhed. First Registered.
Best Known Clairvoyant in California.
I WIIX GIVE YOU LUCK THAT WINS
success in love, marriage, divorce, specula-
tion, business, health and transactions of all
kinds; restores loet affections, cause speedy
and happy marriage, reunite the separated;
I will tell you how to grain the love of the
one you desire, even though miles away;
will tell whom and when you will marry.
I WILL TELL YOU HOW TO attract,
control and change the thoughts, intentions,
actions or character so that you will reach
the highest possible development of mental
rigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; how to accumulate a fortune and be
heppy.
Others may come and others may go, but
Professor NIBLO always remains.
Reading* by Mail — 6 Questions— sl.
HOURS. 10 TO 8, DAILY AND SUNDAY.
411 A ELLIS ST.. NEAR JONES.
Permanently located in his own home.
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 810 Ellis st.
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, can be consulted on
all affairs of Hfe; Miss Wille guarantees an
honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; reveals
the past; gives correct forecast of your fu-
ture; advises you on Important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gives the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading, $1; hours
10-8 p. m. ; French, German, English spoken.
THE EGYPTIAN CLAIRVOYANT AND
1 PALMIST.
Permanently located at 1104 Market St..
rooms 9 and 10. cor. Turk (Vendome); pri-
vate readings daily. 10 a. m. to J P. m.;
8 questions answered, $1: full '»*\u25a0 $3-
" LINCOLN,
Clairvoyant and psychic; the oldest and best
known clairvoyant in San Francisco. Re-
opened at The Heath, 312 Eddy st. Hours 10
to 5. Readtngß by mall, $2. -
MAMIE the wonder, clairvoyant and palmist,
can convince the most skeptical without ask-
ing a question; consult her. 431 O'Farrell.
MME. KRONENBERG, clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist: when others fail try me; good
reading 25c: no sign. 102% 6th. nr. Mission.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clair. and palm.,
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
L.., 50c; P.. $1. 1035 Flllmore. nr. McAllister.
Mme.May.clalrvoyant, card reader and palmist.
3832 18th, near Sanchez: hours after 1; oOc.
MISS Melbourne. Australian clairvoyant, palm-
lst & mystic rdr. Egyp. cards. 419 A Van Ness
SEND date of birth and 2 stamps for a pen
picture of your life. H. HILL. 120 Sutter st.
MRS SHAFFER, permanently located at 55S
Stevenson St.: hours 9 to 9; open Sundays.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1200 Market, r. 10. Gait House.
MRS CRINDLE, materializing seance Friday
eve. 32S Ellis St.; spirit photos dally.
MRS HUBBARD, 109 Oak St.. spiritual me-
dlu'm: consultation dally; ladles. 50c.
MRS LESTER'S circles 8 p. m.. except Thurs..
10c; read, daily; mines especlalty. 95 Sixth.
Mrs. Johnson, spiritual medium; readings dally;
cir.Mon..2:3O;Thu..Bpm. 1342 Jackaon.nr. Hyda.
MRS E J. WILLIAMS, spiritual adviser, has
no equal In city. 110 Sixth st., room 8.
MAMIE the wonder business medium and life
reader*. 431 O'Farrell st.
EARLE'S seance Sun.. Wed.. 219 Eddy St.;
readings. Hotel Hlgplns. O'Farrell Bt.
~~ ~~ 'hypnotism.
DE LAUFF magnetist. 773 Eddy; hours 1-4,
7-8; nervous, mental ills, habits cured; no
drugs.
CARPET-BEATING AXD * CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpet and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shoo; crices moderate. S. F. Com-
pretEed Air Cleaning Company, SOS Market
et.; phone Slain IC2 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet Beat-
Ing Works, 853-557 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rlson st; Al cleaning, 3c. Phone Mission 223.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co., J. McQueen
proprietor. 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 3&4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
MITCHELL'B, 240 Fourteenth st. — First-clasa
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 203.
£_ LAUNDRIES.
JAPANESE laundry ana dry cleaning work.
2122 Flllmore »t.; tel. Geary 2053.
.COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
ctty or country. Paclfio Collection Co.", 416
Montgomery St., rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 6580.
DENTISTS.
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL COMPANY.
Perfect painless dentistry at lowest prioes.
Full set of teeth, $2; silver fillings, 25c: gold
fillings. $1; gold crowns. $3; bridge work, $3.
1104 Market st. corner Turk. ' -'
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 CO; fillings, 50o;
plates, $3; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, near 11th—
,No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old platea made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
LOWEST prioes In 8. F.; painless extraction,
COc. New York Dentists, 969 Mission, cor.Cth.-
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2, no
pain; op. Sun. Dr.A.C.Hcwltt.lol*4 Grant ay.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
ACCORDION, knife and sunburst pleating;
buttons and button holes -mad* at Stewart's
"Lining and Trimmings Store. 14-10 Taylor st.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
—Eve, class: patterns cut. 1190 Market «t.
r^~ p A^^ r^£9rcTßACT 'wonm
CARPENTER and builder wants work by day
& contract; estimates given. Phone Fell 2511.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— -THE Lyceum, an " excellent preparatory,
school for university,*, law and , medical col-
leges; we prepared hundreds of students suc-
cessfully and we shall prepare you ; day,
evening session; references President. Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building..
A — THE Osborn Conservatory of Music and
Store; 6000 pupils; Stelnway Hall bldg.. 223
Sutter st., S. F.; 1069 Broadway/Oakland;
612 S. Broadway, Los Angeles; pianos, har-
. mony, vocal, stringed instruments; also brass '
Instruments free to beginners. < \u25a0•-\u0084' v
DANCING, both adult and; children's classes,
now open at Himnan's School of Dancing," 1412
Polk 6t. , nr. : California; 1 phone East 2120. ; \u25a0 -
A— METROPOUTAN-Californla-Students Joln-
ed. \u25a0 Business, Etenograhplc S2S Golden G_U.
tßlti— iimT—iiiiiiiii iiifli HTHT'r if 1 nini* hthii irimumwini
Small Ad advertisers can
only be certain of their
ads app ear in gi7iS unday s
CaII— CHRISTMAS
EDIT 10 N—Mpon the
early delivery of their copy
at this office. No ads will
be received later than 7
o'clock Saturday night.
* EpUCATIONAI-r-^Contlnpeci.
A CHANCE for every young man to improve
Intellectually; brains is money; you may in-
crease your salary by Increasing your earn-
ing power; the Young Men's Christian Asso-
ciation conducts the most complete system
of night schools In the country; 82.000 stu-
dents enrolled; San Francisco Association,
building NB. cor. Maßon and Ellis sts.. Of-
fers exceptional facilities for a business and
commercial education; if you have only one
hour a day to devote to study, give us a
chance to help you ; every branch taught
from the fifth grade to preparation for the
. university; business course a specialty: the
day classes are open to all men; the night
classes are a great convenience. Rolla V.
Watt, president; H. J. McCoy, general secre-
tary. Send for descriptive catalogue to E.
E. ESDON. Director of Education. Assocla-
tlon building. \u25a0
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUS.COL.. 933 Market,
conducted by Robert F. Gallagher, expert
court reporter, holds world's record for short-
hand writing; successful himself, will make
you so; shorthand, typing, bookpg. Catalogue.
ALL who desire good position should attend
this college; we hav#> had 230 good places
since March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
lege, 738 Mission st. __________
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post St.. S. F. : civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mln., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hail.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1563; largest in tha West; annual
enrollment 1000; Btnd for circular.
A special class preparatory to teachers' exam-
inations or State nor, schls. 333 Phelan bid.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION ——Day
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Mght classes.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions naa
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
EMPLOYSIENT OFFICES.
AN up-to-date Japanese-Chinese emp. office;
furnishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. KIODA. 405 Poet gt. ; tel. James 501.
STAR Employment Office — Reliable Japanese
and Chinese help furnished with care. W. -
KADOTA. 409 Powell st. ; tel. Main 1751. j»j
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese Employment Office :
promptly furnishes all kinds of reliable help.
George Sakauye. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 133.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. W_.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bnsh 860.
AN old eetab. (1850) Chinese emp. office, C.
CHONG'S. removed to 618 Plne;tel.Qrant IBS.
H W. HONG, 1118 A Clay.et.; Chinese employ-
ment office; best help. Tel. East 426.
Finest Japanese help; house-cleaning specialty.
Geo. R. Kunlabe. 343 Mason; tel. James 5251.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE. Chines* help of all kinds furnish-
ed; nouse-cleanlng. 708 Taylor; James 7636.
RBLIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all klndg help. 315 Stockton. Main 6188.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED — FEMALE.
COMPETENT, reliable woman, work by tha
day. washing, ironing and houaecleaning;
|1 60 a day and car fare, or 750 half day.
Please inauire 68 Valley at., bet. San Joss
aye. and "Dolores st. -
A GERMAN woman, first-class family cook,
wishes position by day or week. Call 1514
Mission st. '\u25a0 '.
A GOOD German housekeeper wishes a posi-
. tion where there is a chance to improve In
•ewlng; dressmaker preferred. Box 2864, Call.
A COMPETENT woman would like chamber-
work in a boarding-house; will do laundry
work or assist with cooking; either city or
country; references. 3355 Twenty-sixth et.,
near Capp. \u25a0 - •
COMPETENT young lady stenographer with
year's practical experience desires a position;
will start with moderate salary. Address
2133 Mission St.; phone Capp 2798. ..-\u25a0\u25a0.
EXPERIENCED, competent woman wishes
work by the day; la fine housekeeper and
cleaner; also good laundress. Phone Page
1469. - :. " " - ,
A COMPETENT . dressmaker, up to data on
Eton jackets, long coats and ehirt waist suits,
fits guaranteed, wishes engagements by the
day. 336 Polk at. \u25a0 '
WOMAN would like place first part of week;
washing, ironing or cleaning. .Call or send
postal, 448 Sixth st. . '
A RESPECTABLE- French chambermaid
wants a Bltuatlon in private family; good
references 1 wages $25. Box 2878, Call of flee.
BY reliable woman, situation in small family;
good home more than wages. MRS. L., 1926
Market st. \u25a0 '
MIDDLE}- AGED woman wants situation, olty
or country; willing and obliging. 167 Third
St., room 22. .
SITUATION wanted by a strong elderly wo-
man cook or light housework: a short dls-
tanca country preferred. 1100- Powell Bt. \u25a0
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid desires position;
will give best of satisfaction. Call or ad-
dress 011 Polk st. . ' . .
A YOUNG and competent woman would like
house cleaning by the day; wages $1 50. 867
Mission St.. near Fifth. - . •-• . ;
AN excellent, first-class cook, strictly reliable,
wishes a position.. Call or address E. F. G.,
409 Minna et. \u25a0
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes to assist
with light housework and one or two chil-
dren. Call 1:30 to op. m., 2638 Hyde gt. ;
A COMPETENT Finnish girl wishes position
to do general housework and cooking. Call
. 64S Sixth st. ' ' ' - :
YOUNG woman wishes position housework;
Bleep home. Address 315 Linden aye. . - •
GIRL wishes DO3ltlon as housekeeper. Box
2597. Call office.: . .'.:,. -
A" COLORED woman wants housework; call
two days. 917 Powell st. "
A NEAT, respectable girt would like position
to do light housework. Apply 1343 Pine st.
A COLORED woman would like a place Ito do
\u25a0 washing and Ironing by day. 915 Powell st-
EMPLOYMENT j WANTED — MALE.
BANK clerk, do foreign correspondence, books,
etc.; porter, bartender; vigorous " horseman,
handle anything; 'mental male nurse; 2 mar-
ried couples for ranch; clerks, waiters, jani-
tore. UNIQUE Emply.. -413% Kearny, at.
Al YOUNG bookkeeper, best of references, : de-
sires position In city or adjacent town; capa-
ble correspondent and familiar with use of
typewriter. ' Box 2562. Call office.
YOUNG man with , good business education
would like position in wholesale house or of-
flee; best of references. .; \u25a0 Box 2561, \u25a0 Call. \u25a0
SITUATION wanted by a colored man as ele-
-, : vator ; operator or as porter. • Addreea J.. P.,
\u25a0 , 3 27 Second St. ;.-'.-'; .-'.-' \u25a0'•.\u25a0.• \u25a0' \u25a0''\u25a0.' '. . ; . -- --'•;.- k ,
EXPERIENCED masseur, wishes few more pa-
tients at their homes for body massage; send
: poßtaL . A. M. KELLOGG, 223 Taylor. bL-
E3IPLOY3IENT WANTED--aiALE— Con.
POSITION wanted by Al office man, experi-
enced bookkeeper; 3 years for largest depart-
ment storo'in Chicago, 3 years as chief book-
keeper for. coal. company doing business nine
million annually; office manager 2 years for
\u25a0 large clothing-house; other references. Box
1783, Call office. .
OFFICE position wanted by experienced entry
clerk; 3 .years' experience as entry clerk
Boston Store, Chicago, two years Armour &
Co. Fort Worth; other references. Box 1781,
Call office.. .
BOOKKEEPER and general utility man;. many
years' experience; ten years with one flrrn In
city; Al references; moaerato salary. Ad-
1 dresa WARNER, box 1743, Call office.
MAN. 80 years, honest, sober, intelligent, in-
dustrious, desires position at anything; not
afraid of hard work; good references. Box
: 4534. Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener wants position; is
competent and reliable; all-round handy man;
best city and country references. Box 1529,
Call office. •
YOUNG man, aged 24, with clerical ability^
would like position of any kind in wholesale
house or large store; can furnish best of ref-
erences. Address H. 0., 161UA Turk st. "
A MAN with 10 years' experience in a cream-
ery desires a position in either city or
country; has best of references. Address W.
OELKERS. 485 Pine st.
A FIRST-CLASS baker and pastry cook de-
sires a situation; is sober and reliable; has
best of references. Call or address 224 Na-
toma st., near '.Third.
A STRICTLY reliable baker's helper would
like position in either city or country. Ad-
dress E. BEYER, 535 Broadway, S. F.,
room 2.
BARBER, first-class German, wants steady
help only for Saturday or Sunday. 1819 &
Lyon st.
FIRST-CLASS German bartender wants posi-
tion; honest, sober; references given. Box
2870, Call offlco. , .
COLLECTOR. 26; 10 years' experience; Al
references; will furnish bonds in any amount
up to $5000.' 80x' 2534,' Call office.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly experienced
head waiter; first-class references. Box 2590.
Call office. -- _ - -
PORTER, 30 years, married, industrious, intel-
ligent, deelres a position in a wholesale
house; good references. Box 4533, Call.
A JANITOR, handy with tools, or rough car-
penter work; also steam boiler work. Ad-
dress room 3C3, "Winchester Hotel.
COACHMAN; understands his business; also
care of fast horses; first-class references. Box
4552. Call. .
AN elderly German wants position as night-
watchman or any kind of work. 55S Natoma
St., rear. •
MAN and wife would like positions to care for
rooming-house or place. Address 324 Mason
St., or phone Black 2396.
AN educated Japanese would like position in
private family to do laundry work: is com-
petent and experienced. T., 1410 Pine st.
A RELIABLE, trustworthy man would like a
place as night watchman; has best of refer-
ences. Address or call I. 8., 205 Third st.
A GOOD cook for hotel or restaurant (Jap-
anese) desires a position; Balary $10 per
week. Address J. AZUMA. 110 Taylor st.
EXPERIENCED young man wishes position
as cashier or clerk ;' willing to invest or give
' bond. Box 1741, Call office.
COACHMAN, with Eastern and California ref-
erences, desires situation in first-class pri-
vate family. City address. 1910*4 Polk st.
COMPETENT man wants work In a wholesale
store or packing house; has best references.
Box 1736. Call office.
A YOUNG,' trustworthy Japanese wants posi-
tion as schoolboy. Address 1006 Hyde Bt.,
evenlnss. '
A TRUSTWORTHY man wants situation as
night watchman: references. Address L 8.,
205 Third st. - \u25a0
ALL-ROUND horseshoer wants work In city
or country. Box 2575. Call.
A CARPENTER wishes work in th* country.
Box 2578. Call. ;
UNION barber wishes steady Job. - Address
CHARLES GRANDT. 644 Sacramento st.
FIRST-CLASS cabinet-maker wants steady po-
sition. Box 1722. Call offlcs.
JANITOR, bootblack, < barber shop porter.
JERRY FANCHER. 717 Stockton st.
BARBER, first-class, wishes situation; city or
country. Box 1517. Call office.
YOUNO German, Just arrived, wants work of
any kind, city or country. Box 1756, Call.
YOUNG Japanese, bright and educated, wants
a position to work from 0 to 2 every day;
speaks and writes very well. FRANK, 305
Larkin st. V
JAPANESE butler who has good fireo and
speaks good English wishes position In good
family. Address NAKA. 640 Pine St.
JAPANESE flrst-class cook who speaks good
English wishes position in family; some
washing; good reference* given. Address J.
N-.. 512 Dupont st. \u25a0
A JAPANESE student wants a situation as a
schoolboy; work time 6:30 to 8, B to 7 every
day. J. T., 620 Laguna st.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants position as school-
boy or a half -day's work. SHINDO. 327
Ellis st.: phone East 1936. \u25a0
A JAPANESE couple wish positions, man as a
\u25a0 laundry man and wife assist in housework.
HARRY AKAMOTO, 609 Stockton Bt, . .
JAPANESE cook wants position In family or
hotel; speaks English well. FRANK KASA,
609 Bush st. ; tel. Main 3COB. _\u25a0
BRIGHT Japanese wants position; school boy;
speaks English well; has good experience. S.
FUJI, . 1529 Pine st. ; . phone East 2360.
A JAPANESE boy would like work of any
kind for forenoons. • Address V.* W., 1410
Pine st.; phone East 1608.
A YOUNG but experienced Japanese boy would
like position as apprentice to photographer.
AddreS3 G. M., 535 Jessie st.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as schoolboy
or housework.'- TOSHI. 427 Eddy St.: tel.
East 5573. - . J
GOOD Jnpanese cook wants position; $8 week.
GEORGE. 744 Poet st.; phone East 1051.
A CHINESE ; excellent cook I wishes * position,
hotel, restaurant, boarding-house; meat and
pastry cook; good references. CHARLEY
WILLMON. Ilia Clay st.. upstairs.
FLATS TO LET. - -
A MONTH free; new 4-r. 3 flats. $25: overlook-
ing Golden Gate -Park,2 267 Hayes St.; Bakus
heaters, decorated ceilings; Janitor service;
but not an . apartment-house; open. - \
MODERN sunny - corner flat; ; 5 rooms. - bath,
yard; must be seen to be appreciated ; = rent
:; . $20. ..„• SW. , cor. i Geary and .Wood . sts. . ;\u25a0;?
OAK. 039, .: near ' Pierce— Bay-window.: flat, 5
largo sunny rms.;;bath; large yard and eel-;
lar;?rent $23: \u25a0'\u25a0'. \u25a0".'\u25a0'- r: '>' -*r --?\u25a0 ,' -\u25a0r:->M"
GUERRERO, 1107 — 616 1 and \u25a0' 7-room flat», bath;
large porch; -rent $IS-S2O; apply mornings.
FLATS TO LET— Continued.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST OF HOUSES.
FLATS, apartment and rooming houses; our
renting department 'is free to all: we can. find
you a homo In any part of the city: ask for
na payment other than your good will; w« do
not ask you to buy or even look at the goods:
use this department freely; you are more
* than welcome
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 245-259 Geary
st. (on the square.) -.-• A:'y':'-'-'V : . ''•' *
ELEGANT new sunny flat: 8 rooms; stone
steps; beamed ceilings; electric lights; base-
ment; yard. 1662 Grove, nr. Cafotral aye. ; $&>.
BRODERICK. 143. near Halght— Modern B-
•room flat; marble steps, beam ceilings, elec-
"* trie lights, etc.: cwl cars: rent reasonable.
SANCHEZ. NW. cor. Elizabeth, near 24th —
New UDDer flat. 6 rooms, bath; sun all day;
all modern improvements: rent $21.
G. GATE, 872 — Furnished parlor floor; family
piano optional; laundry, stove, yard, storage.
HANDSOME, nearly new lower flat; 6 rooms,
bath, electric lights. 2332 21st, nr. Valencia.
MODERN, fine flat, 7 sunny rooms, basement:
yard; reas. to good tenant. 1937 OTarreU. \u25a0
TWO handsome flats; 7 and 6 rooms: sun In
• every room; fine yard. 130 Castro, nr. 15th.
TO let — A sunny upper flat, 5 rooms and bath.
006 Clayton St.. corner Halzht. ?
CENTRALLY located corner flat: 6 rooms and
bath. 1003 Mason st.. cor. Sacramento.
CHESTNUT, near" Powell — 3 brand new flats.
6r. & b. ; rent very reas. Inquire 459 Chestnut
MASONIC are, 1237, near Ualght. new mod-
em 5-room flats; bath: rent reduced.
CENTRAL, modem, upper flat. 6 rooms, bath.
; 1026 Sacramento »t.. above Po— ell; moderate.
- FLATS TO LET— FURXISHECD.
AN elegant. 5-room sunny corner lower flat,
nearly new; large porch, basement, etc.; Vt
block from Market Bt.. with 13 minutes' ride
of Golden Gate Park; good neighborhood.
' ; 8047 17th St. Castro or 18th st. cars.
POINT LOBOS aye., 1307. near Second aye.—
Nicely furnished sunny flat, 4 rooms and
bath. $16 per month; Geary cars pass door;
another on« of 5 rooms and bath for $22 60.
FLATS FOR SALE — FCBNISHED.
SUNNY corner flat of « rooms, almost new
furniture; rent $26. 602 Hayea st.
FLOORS TO LEASE.
LARGE light floor; electrlo elevator; exoellent
location: low rent. KXOWLEB CO.. 24 2d.
FTONITITRE FOR SALE.
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storage pi-
anos and fur. Whltehead's "torage. 1636 Mkt.
FURNITURE of a 5-room flat for sale; rent
only $16 20. Address box 2211. Call office.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
A — PHONE South 1015; It will pay you to send
. for me before you sell your furniture, car-
peta. piano, etc. M. GALLICK. 201 Larkln.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market
et., bet. 9th and 10th, paying big money for
furniture, etc. Phone South 179.
Alfred WollDert. 773 Mission, phons Red 4462,
pays highest price for furniture, carpets, etc.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tal.Bush 813.
Z. ABE LEVY. 1135 Market St.. phone- Jessie
761, pays cash and buya everything.
FEVAACIAL.
WANTED — $10,000 Turlock Irrigation bonds;
will pay S5 cents besides interest. W. E.
BARNARD, 476 Tenth St.. Oakland.
IF you want 20 per cent on your money, with
full security, address box 2SSI. Call.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
2 COOKS for Menlo Park and city. $40-530.
French cook, no wash, country, $35.
Man and. wife as cook and helper, $75.
Man and wife as waiter & chambermaM.s3o.
Man and wife for ranch and housework. $50.
We also want 2 first-class nurseglrls at $30,
German nurse at $30.
. 6 cooks for German families. $30-$25.
Cook and second girl, same house. $-30-$2 O.
Waitress for country. $25; chambermaid,
wait 2 meals, country, fare paid. $25.
Upstairs girl for Berkeley, $25; 8 Beeond
girls, city. $20-$25; hotel waitress, city, $_*.
and many othera. Apply to
J. F, CROSETT & CO., 834 Sutter et.
AT THE Swedish and German Employment
Bureau. MRS. NORTON, 50S Mason*— An In-
fant's curse, $30; two nurse girls, $25; two
second girls, $25 and $30; two cooks, $35 and
$30; laundress, $25; cook, same house, $30;
house girl, $30; house girl, two In family,
$23; CO housework girls, city and country.
UNIQUE Emply.. 413% Kearny. tel. Mtgv.
1842 — 3, cooks, housework, city; 3 cock*.
housework, for country; working hskpr. for
one man, light, good home; 2 waitresses.
GIRLS to learn hairdresslng, manicuring, mas-
ea.se, etc., from A to Z In 1 mo. for $10; 7
positions to fill guaranteed at $10 per wk. up-
day and eve. class. 234 Post. r. 17. 2d floor!
THE opportunity of your life; millinery taught
in first-class parlors; guarantee to secure po-
sitions for all competent scholars by Jan. 25;
terms $20. 234 Post st,. room 19. 2d floor.
LEARN halrdressing. facial massage, manlcur-
rng, scalp treatment.halr work.removal super-
fluous hair; day. eve. classes; positions walt-
lng; $10 week up. 210 Powell, r. 2-3, 2J floor.
WANTED— -Experienced alteration hands on
skirts. Jackets and waists. Apply Superin-
tendent's office. The Emporium.
WAJJTISD — Salesladies for various depart--
ments. Apply superintendent's office, Tha
Emporium.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady for knit
goods store; one who has handled underwear
and sweaters preferred; answer fully, stating
age, salary and references; good opportunity
to right party. Box 2543. Call.
A .NEAT girl for second work and waiting;
American family of adults; wages $25. Call
500 Van Ness aye., bet. 0 and 12 m.
LADY wishing to learn bookkeeping can hava
office work as part payment for tuition. Box
2565. Call. .
EXPERIENCED salesladies wanted. JOE
ROSENBERG, 818 Market st.
HAIRDRESSER, manicurist, facial masseur.
$15 per week up. COSGROVgg, 110 Geary.
GIRL' for general housework; small washing;
good wages. 157S Fell st.. near Lyon.
WANTED — Experienced cashiers. Apply »u-
perintendent'a office, The Emporium.
GIRL for general housework; wages $2S per
month. 766 Harrison st.
WANTED— Lady or gentleman with experience
In florist's etora. 1441 Poik at.
RESPECTABLES girl to assist with general
housework; wages $15. Apply 2614 Howard.
GIRL for general house-work; must be neat and
good plain cook; $25. 307 S Nineteenth st.
SEWING machine operators oa shirts: clean,
light factory; steady , work; Inexperianced
young women taught and paid while learn-
ing. LBVI STRAUS3 & CO.. 1573 Mission
st, bet. 14th and 15th. MR. HINDSHAW.
AN excellent opportunity for a competent sten-
ographer doing general work; office room and.
privileges in prominent offloa building given
in exchange for nominal services. Address
box 22. Call office. __^
COMPETENT housekeeper, between 20 and SO
years of ace, for widower at San Jos«: no
children; no washing; wages $25. Address
box R. Call office. San Jose.
OPERATORS on pants, overalls and shirta.
HEYNEMANN _ CO., Tenth and Howard.
WANTED — Young women to learn telephone
operating; -salary while, learning: references
required. Apply after 0 a. ra., 216 Bush at..
third floor. \u25a0 -t \u25a0 \u25a0 - - -
BOOKKEEPERS,cash!ers. bill cl«rks,etc. I will
guarantee you qualification to fill positions in
SO days; private Instruction by accountant :po-
sltions secured. Address box 1730, Call office-.
WANTED — Young woman who la an experi-
enced firy-roods cashier. Apply between 9
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
FANCY work given to ladies to be done at
home; easy; rapid; no experience or talent.
- 1344 Market St.. \u25a0 opposite Seventh. - \u25a0 —
WANTED — A young lady for Juvenile furnish-
ing department. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.,
. corner Powell and Ellis sts. -
COMPETENT girl , for general housework;
must be flrst-claaa plain cook; wages 630;
references. 2237 Union et.-
WANTED— Experienced glove saleslady. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
BARB EHlS— Employment and SußDtlea.
GOOD i paying barber shop, corner Powell and
: Clay, sts.; good' laundry and living- rooms;
.very cheai>; sickness cause- of sale.
THREE-CHAIR barber shop and : cigar stand
\u25a0tor sale; good paying business; price reason -
able. Address box 6215. Call. Oakland.
NEAT 2-chair . shop; account of death. 6M
Fourth
BARDERS, ETC. — Continued.
BARBERS, attention— Elation of officers oc
Journeyman Barbers' Union. Local No. '143,
for the ensuing- term, will be held MpndJiy
evening-. i» o'clock. Shiels building. 32 O'Far-
rell st. All members are reauested to ba
present with their due books^, By order of
the union. Fcr non-attendance a fine wlli
be Imposed. FRED SMITH. President !
JOS. R. BLEILY. Secretary.
BARBERS, Attention — Coleman'9 Exchange;
city and country barber shops bought anil
sold. See COLEMAN. 311 Jas. Flood bldar.
$400— 2-CHAIR well fitted up barber shop,
with cigar stand for sale; low rent. PartlcU-
lars with COLE_tAN. 311 Jas. Flood bldg.
$65— 2-CHAIR barber shop for sale If taken
__ at once. COLEMAN. 311 Jaa. Flood bldg.
$175 — 2-charr barber shop; bus. and location O
X; particulars Coleraan. 311 Jas. Flood bid*.
BARBER shopa — Large variety of them; sora*
very good; also a number of shops in coun-
try; all prlcea. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
FOUR-CHAIR barber shoD and cUar stort;
sold at a sacrifice If taken at once: account
slcknesa Addrew P. O. box S3O. San Jo»«.
BARBER can. set good shop with pool table
for 4175: cieartnpr $75 month; owner going
East. See STOLTZ.
BARBER shops far sale ranging from $100 to
$5000. Coleman's Exchange. 311 James
Flood bids. \u25a0
BARBER shops wanted: all those that can
bear close investigation as to their merit*
may apply to P. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
TWO barbers wanted for Saturday noon and
Sunday. 131 Third st.
BARBER wanted. Address W. G. TURNER.
Black Diamond. Cal.
BARBER for Saturday. 1544 Park st.. Ala-
meda.
GOOD barber wanted Friday afternoon and
Saturday. 623 Clay st.
POSITION wanted by a first-class barber; will
work on commission. 2060 McAllister st.
3-CHAIR barber shop for sale. Inquire at &7
McAllister st. •;>.-\u25a0>
8-CHAIR barber shop cheap: long lease; owner
grolne out of business. IC9O Valencia st.
HELP WAXTKP— MALE.
AT HORD & SMITH'S EMPLOYM'T OFFICE.
628 Clay st. Telephone Main 3321.
FREE FARE.
NEVADA.
S. P. Co. Work— No Discount — Board $4 80.
Laborers, $2 and $2 23. Laborers. $2. $2 23.
Ship 5 o'clock to-night. Free far*. Nevada.
Free fara. Siskiyon County, laborers, $3.
Special fare. Merced County. $2 23 to $2 50.
Special fare. Western Pacific. $2 25 t» $3.
Miners and muckers. $2 to $2 73, n«ar city.
Teamsters, $2 23, cheap fare, south. lon* Job.
Free fare. Italians and Austrlana, $2 and,
board themselves on the Western Pao. Ry.
Free fare any camp. Ocean Shore. laborers.
Drillers, teamsters. $2 to $2 00. free fare.
5 rock foremen. $60. $73 month and found.
Long Job. Western Paclfio Railroad, rock
foremen.
Section foreman. $55. near city.
A— PACIFIC CON. EMPLY. AGENCY. In*.
635 Washington St.— Phone James 3301.
FREE FARE.
Slsktyou County — Laborers — Ship to-night.
S. P. CO.
Laborers, $2 25 day. board $13. lons Job.
SOUTH.
New electrio road. $C 0; bunkhouse» furnished.
SAN MATEO COUNTY.
Teamsters and laborers. $e7CO. winters Job.
WESTERN PACIFIC.
10CO men. 3 yrs." Job, $2 25 day. no discount.
3 drillers, quarry. n«ar city. $t>7 50.
Laborers, near city. $60.
Coal miners Oregon. $1 ton. far* refunded.
Coal miners New Mexico, fara refunded.
Gold miners $2 and found, cheap fare.
Stableman, ranch, south, $30 and found.
Dishwasher, mine co.. $23 fd.. boas her*.
We ship to Oregon. Washington and Idaho.
PACIFIC CON. EMPLY. AGENCY. Inc.
A— - AMERICAN
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 Commercial st. Phone Bush 833.
2 farmers. 2-horse teams, no blankets r?-
Quii^d, $30 fd.; 20 laborers, board home,
$2 to $2 25 day.
2 machine men. water tunnel. S hours, jao;
15 laborers, near city. $6O; stableman, city.
$60- 25 coal miners. Oregon; 25 woodsmen.
$65; S3 railroad laborers.
BUCKEYE EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
627 Merchant st.
We are now ready for business. Our motto
is to fill the orders regardless of fee.
Ocean Shore RT R-
800 laborers $2 to $2 23 day
100 drillers and tunnel men $2 60 day
Powder men |2 w> day
Teamsters \u2666- «5 «J
Muckers /•*- 23 <***
WANTED for U. S. army— Able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and S3;
citizens of fcnited States, of good character
and temperate habits, who can speak, readt
and write English. For information apnly
to Recruiting Officer. 204 Rlalto building.
New Montgomery at.. San Franctaco, Cal.
BUTLER. $30 and found: second butler. $33
and found; cook and helper, country hotel.
$73 to $0O and found; cook and wife. $.5 to
$00 and found; waiter and wife. $3» and
found: bus man. $30: porter, dishwasher.
$25; leverman for dredger. $6O and found:
ranch teamster. $30 and found; man about
SS C and r foundl S&STT^ Sg*£&
6 CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers wanted to work in-
side; everything furnished: steady work and
good prices to the right men: none but men
capable of finishing a Job on their own hands
need apply. 8. N* WOOD'S workshop, cor-
ner ot Annia and Je39la sts.
WANTED— Experienced salesmen for ™j*»»
detriments; Berkeley. Stanford and profrt-
slonal students can earn Chrlstrawp; money
by applying bere. Apply superintendent s
office. The Emporium.
WANTED-Salesmen for boys' and <*"*?«:?
clothing department. Apply 8.
& CO.. 740 Market St.; permanent position.
HAIRDRESSER: Marcel waver. COS-
GROVE'S. 110 Geary st.
WANTED— IO well .dressed young men. Grand
Opera-house stage door. 9 a. m. \u25a0
BUTCHER wanted, Sonoma Market. 1330
Polk st. ,
-srcsrts. ___%_?*•--*
0 and 11 a. m. at HALB BROS.
WANTED— Immediately, bright young men
oVer lSyears. to prepare for position, w
railway mall clerks; starting salary $»00.
£^af <££ N. H. OLIVER. 43 Phelan.
building; hours. 8 a. m. to 6 p. m.
fanT address Oregon Nursery Co.. Salem. Or.
LeaRN telegraphy and R. R- accounting: $30 -
toflSO per month salary paid our graduates;
cur six schools Indorsed by all railroads;
day and eve? session; apply for catalog*.
torse School of Telegraphy. 26 OTarreU st.
MFN »nd ladles to learn barber trade; new
tlons guaranteed after eight weeks. CtLL- >
MAN'S Barber College. 627 Clay st.
ANY intelligent person may earn good t»com_
corresponding for newspaper; *xp«ri«aM> un-
necessary; send for particulars. Press Syn-
dicat*. Lockport. N. T.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to kno-—
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.. 250 rooms. 23 to 50c per night.
MEN learn the barber trade in S weeks; tui-
tion earned while learning: situations guar-
anteed- only up-to-date colleges in America.
MOLER'S I 3TSTEM COLLEGE. ftH Clay at.
YOUNG men. learn sign painting: I teaca you "
by mail- $3 for complete course. Write for
partieula'rs. NISLE SCHOOL OF LETTER-
ING. 84 W. Mountain at.. Pasadena. Cal.
MEN and women to learn the barber trade;
rew method; wag«s paid while learning; po-
sltlcns guaranteed: special Inducements. Saa
Francisco College. 7UA Howard st.
WANTB3> — A young man for men's fumtahtn*
goods department. Apply S. N. WOOD -
CO.. corner Powell and Ellis sta.
EXPERIENCED driver and solicitors for Na-
tive- Sons' Dyeing and Cleaning Works. 430-
482 Bush at.
WANTED— A br-» finisher sjdj^«_hand7
Apply at ones to JOHNSON-JEFFREY CO..
460 Sixth st.. Oakland.
WANTED— Men to fill SCO rooms at _0c per
nJght; clothes close ts, hair mattresses. «l«c-
trtc light* in every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
WANTED— Young men tor wrappers. Apply
superintendent's office. The Emporium. •
WANTED — A first-class union sign palntar at
* GIBBS*. 1543 Mission St.. above Ninth. \u25a0
MAN to drive laundry wazon; $63 per month;
must have $400. 3372 Mission st. _.
CABINET-MAKER, elderly man to assist on
tight work.' Box 2225. Call.
MAN to learn cigar-maklmc: good pay while
learning; $10 security required. 613 Merchant.
BRIGHT men with business experienced; Ufa
Insurance men preferred. Sol> Cal!a%han bid.
DETECTIVES — Learn the business: money
made while learning. 804 Montgomery, r. 204.
BAILORS and - youne men (sreen hands) for'
Bhlpa. HAI|>BEKT. 317 Jackson st.
PENSION atty^ E. A. Bullls, r. 40, Pnelaa
bid. Put Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, 0.A.8.
1516
YOU ARE NOT REALLY "LOOKING FOR IT"
HELP W ANTED — MALE— Co-tln-e-,
A— MURRAY A READY, 634-638 Clay Bt
Phone Main SS4S.
Our Own Printing
Plant Issues our free list of positions four
time daily — 7 a. xn., 10 a. m.
1 p. ra., 4 j>. m.
employers. attentionl
our investigation and segrega-
tion* result in the production of
first-class help.
if you want
the best help. do as others do—
Tend your orders to
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Letoor Agents.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO Ln E; Ttlt-
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
We Rave in 1904 1905 we hope to
•4.000 men work. Increase 64,000.
WESTEHX PACIFIC R- £•
WESTERN PACIFIC R : It
25.000 MEN.
$67 CO, $75 AND $90.
SEE US— THAT'S ALL.
FIVE THOUSAND.
6000
CRI2EKS HUNGARIANS.
IpSards. . "^SiSS-
ITALIANS. RL TORK_*
PORTUGUESE. p-rC ETC
AUSTRIANS. , , ETC.. EfC.
Board Yourselves. 6pecial Fare.
WAGE 3 $60 MONTH.
MURRAY A READY. 684-636 Clay at
MECHANICAL.
Millwright, sawmill, see boss here.
Boilermaker and eheetlrou worker, $4 cay,
country Job. fare paid.
2 abeetlron workexa. oity. __\u2666_
% Iron tnolders, country foundry; printer,
ooustry town. *40. .
g tlnnera. steady work, country. U» «*y-
MARRIED HELP.
Man and wife, fruit ranch, easy Job, $3! I fd.
ChortaVan and wife, private place, near city,
ilLried 1 'farmer. Southern California, no
.V-AD^S^ Clay st
JUST COMMENCED.
- m °* A - 9*o MILES. $» 40. «at
t»# Wickenbtsrg. Maricopa County, by the great
•"* F# R BHIP TO-NIGHT.
100
LABORERS AND DRILLERS.
100
t AKD 4 HORSE TEAMSTERS.
ARIZONA.
M 0 MILES, $9 40.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
TUMA, ARIZONA— 4IO 60 FARE.
tte teamsters $67 50.
$10 40-ARECONA.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st
NEW WORK.
IN THREE STATES.
OREGON— WASHINGTON-
IDAHO. _
»T T> fare to Portland; free fare from Port-
land to IDAHO.
6HIP TO-NIGHT.
__BORERS — TEAMSTERS.
DRILLERS.
INQUIRE ABOUT IT.
OREGON— WASHINGTON—
IDAHO.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st
kIKES— QUARRIES— M
—LABORERS. TEAMSTERS.
TUNNELS.
St miners, hand and machine work. $3 B0
to IS day.
20 tunnelmen. near city, $2 76 day.
47 drillers and hammer men, city and coun-
try. $2 50 to $2 75 day.
16 beadermen, tunnels. $2 25 to $2 78 day.
LABORERS.
843 laborers, different Jobs, all parts of Cali-
fornia— factories, mills and general work;
$2 to $2 50 day, $60 to $75 monOi.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay at
SOUTH— SPECIAL FARE, $2 40.
BIG MONEY FOR YOU.
TWO YEARS' WORK.
NEW RAILROAD, SOUTH.
One Thoneand Men.
1000 MEN.
ALI» OPEX CUT WORK.
DRILLERS AND HAMMERSMEX. $75.
LABORERS AND MUCKERS. «7 60.
BOARD, ETC.. $20 MONTH.
SPECIAL FAKE. $2 40.
OFFICE FEE ONLY $1.
ARE YOU GOING SOUTH?
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st
DOES THIS LOOK GOOD TO YOU?
FREE TO-DAY. TO-DAY IT'S FREE.
OCEAN SHORE R. R.
45 laborers. $60.
45 te&mstere. $»7 60.
45 driller*. $67 CO.
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay St.
CREGOX— FRED FAT.E.
65 COAL MIXERS..
$1 TON— ARE YOU GOIXG?
COAL MINERS.
MEXICO. 250 Coal Miners. MEXICO.
MURRAY A READY. 634-63C»Clay st.
GREAT LUMBER COMPANIES.
f6 nxmen. woodsmen, etc. $67 50.
42 laborers about mills and yards, $67 M.
86 laborers about box factories, $60.
4f laborers for planing mills, etc., $69 to
$67 60.
Tfcese are steady jobs, year round.
ICB TIEMAKERS. 18c EACH.
FREE FARB.
RAILROAD OWN WORK.
£5 laborers, extra xansr.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st
FOR A BIG
FACTORY.
U laborers for general work around a large
factory; no experience needed; steady the
year round; any willing isan can fill the bill;
inquire about It; you'll go; wages $60.
itCRRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st
HOTEL. ETC
S cooks, other places.
Waltera. city hotels and rertauranta, $85
and found. $10 week.
All-around butcher, country, Jf.O and found.
8 butchers, other places, $35 found. \u25a0
Marker and distributer, country laundry, $55.
Bey to wash dishes, camp near city. $16 fd.
OTHERS.
SO boys for stores, factories, city and country.
Experienced florist city store.
FOREMAN.
Dump foreman, grade outfit near olty, $90.
FARMS, RANCHES,
MILKERS, CHOREMEN.
4 plow teamsters, good ranch, $30 found.
H general farmers, different ranches, $28
to $S2 and found.
18 milkers, buttei^makers and choremen. and
cnareboys, $15. $20. $35, $30, $35 found,
18 pronens. vineyard or orchard, $28 to $30
and found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay at
MISCELLAXEOUa
Janitor and run elevator, office building, olty,
zaust have references, (40.
8 steady men for American factory, steady
job. no loat time, near city, $37 50 found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 CJay at
Carriage painter, city job. ~~~
Boy help saint city.
23 laborers, fare SOc; $60.
t bo*tlera, $60; 5 buggy wasbars, $60.
MURRAY A READY. 634-63$ Clay st
BHASTAX?O.
TREE FARE FREE FARE.
10 LABORERS; ship to-night; free fare.
PRINTER.
Compositor printer, city Job, $15 to $20 week.
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st
" OOLD QUARTZ MINE. ' ~~*
BOSS HERB.
a miners, machine and hand work, $40.
LOOK.
8 oooks. $40 to $60 and found.
2 second cooks. $30 to $40 and found.
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay at
COLORED HELP— FARE PAID.
Colored man and wife to cook for 12 to SO
men at gold Quartz mine, boss here $50 fd.
MURRAY A KDADY. 634-636 day st
TO -OS AXGELBS— SS.
Ths Land of Eunshlne, Fruit and Flower*.
SO teamsters, you'll suit $67 50.
• OOIICO TO LOB ANGELES FOR $5.
MTRRJ IY A READY. 634-636 Clay st
I.EVERMAN for dredger, $70 and found.
Tinner and plumber, $3 50 day.
Coachman. 10c fare, $40 and found.
Blacksmith for ranch, $60 and found.
Baker on bread and cake, north, $8 week.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
MEN and boys wanted to learn plumbing trade;
paya $5 day after completing course of prac-
tical instruction at home or In our schools;
graduates admitted to union and Master
Plumbers' Association; positions secured.
Coyne Bros. Co.. Plumbing Schools. New
York. St. Louis. Cincinnati: free catalogue.
WANTED — Young man to drive grocery
wagon; give experience and age. Box 1539,
Call office. \u25a0
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 49 2d St.. rm. 622.
DAU-TEL wants 1800 men to buy Inspected
Government shoes at 631 Sacramento st
10,000 WORKIXGMEN to buy our genuine
army shoes; all Inspected. 105 Third st
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 7oo room*; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free bus and baggege to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market st. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
SOLICITORS IVAXTZD.
fITOTJ eas make S8 a day selling coupons. 814
Callaffn_a building.
HORSES AND WAGONS. '
WANTED— To hire 300 head of horses or mules
with harness for scraper work. Inquire for
particulars MADIG AN. O-NEIL A CO..
122 Grove at,
WANTED— A horse; 6-8 years old: 900-1000
lba. Call 1565 Market st. JACOBSON-.
A HANDSOME horse 4H years old. well broke.
For prioe address box 2277. Call.
WANTED— To buy a horse for delivery wagon.
Box 2603. Call.
FOR aale — A driving horse"! perfectly gentle
and good. Box 1696. Call.
NEW and second-hand wagons and buggies of.
all klnd» at 100 Golden Gate aye.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m., 827 Sixth st
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for oir-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN A CO., 20 Montgmy.
IDEAL, modern oottage. S.r. and b.; rent $39;
carpets for aale. 2843 Btelner. near Green.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
11-ROOMED sunny house. 810 Fulton st. ; nlos
grounds: 5 rooms rented $55; total rent $75.
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALE.
FOR sale — At the beach south of the park,
Ean Fr&nclsoo'a health resort a bungalow,
consisting of a car with 3 rooms attached,
furnished or unfurnished; an elegant place
for a family or a club; rent of ground nom-
inal. Inquire box 1491, Call office.
TEX rooma; eunny comer; must sell this week;
good reasons. 800 McAllister st
COTTAGES TO LET.
iICEW. neat cottage at San Francisco's health-
ful beach; 4 rooms, bath, lavatory, gas and
electric light; sun all day; rent reasonable.
Take Park and Cliff House car, stop at 46th
aye.. go south one-half block to No. 1275.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms: near Folsom and Pre-
clta aye.; rent $12. Key at 350 Preotta aye.
HOTELS.
HOTEL St Nicholas, Market Laxkin, Hayes
at-. — Heart of E. F. : modern; American and
European plans; electric lights and phone In
every room; hot and cold water: quiet.
IXVEST3IEXTS. __'_
NAMES of Eastern Investors for sale. MAX-
WELL, 1174 James Flood building.
INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturer of the
E— mea tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt : tel. Park 775.
JAPANESE FLORIST.
JAPANESE Florist— Fresh cut flowers every
day; plants for sale a specialty. 1708 Polk
street, near Washington. Phone East 1804.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of CHARLES ANDREWS. No. 300-292.
Th« finder will pleaae return to bank.
LOST— Monday morning, between California st
and Alameda mole, lady's gold watch, ribbon
monogram M. H. T. Return to 1903 Devlsa-
cero St.; phone West 5587; reward.
LOST— Between the City Hall and the Empo-
rium, sunburst with diamond center; liberal
reward. Room 615. Donohoe building.
LOST— Long-haired liKht brown bitch, about
7 years old; hair covers face. Liberal reward
for return to Rex Hotel.
TjOBT — Foxterrler bitch, brown ears, brown spot
on back; lib. rewd. J. Knell. 139 ©"Fan-ell.
LOST— Lady's gold watch; Initials "R. L." out-
side^
$5 REWARD for the return of a dark brown
setter, lost on Flllmore st. 2667 Clay st.
LOST — N. D. D. W. P. P. pin; name on back.
Return to ISl2*£ Post st.; reward.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. A. M&NEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
at. for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
LAUNCHES, new and slightly used; some
good snaps. Cal. Launch Wks.. Alameda.
WAREHOUSE TO LEASE.
FTVE-STORY building, basement and eleotrlo
elevator; about 9600 sq. ft. for storage or
manufacturing; Stevenson st, near 7th. J.
V. VICTOR. Majestic bldg.. 1281 Market 6t
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO.,
Office and Salesroom, 130 Beale st
Works and Yards, Ninth and Bryant sts.
We have a brand new lot of pipe complete,
ready for immediate delivery.
Vfc-inch pipe.... $3 25 per hundred feet (new)
%-lnch pipe.... $3 95 per hundred feet (new)
1-lnoh pipe.... $5 70 per hundred feet (new)
1% -Inch pipe.... *7 60 per hundred feet (new)
1%-lnch pipe.... $8 90 per hundred feet (new)
2-lnch pipe.... $11 95 per hundred feet (new)
2^-ln. acrew pip* (2d hd); ready for use, 10c
8-ln. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use, 12%0
8%-ln. ecrew pipe (2d hd); ready for use, 150
4-ln. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use, l&o
Bend by check, money order or coin by
W. F. Express Co., with order.
H. 8. WHITE MACHINERY CO.,
Office ISO Beale st
Reference — Any bank, banker or publication.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-132 Beale st
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A AVOLPMAX. 195-197 Fremont at.
FOR eale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
\u25a0with privilege of buying: modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNBWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER, 652 Mission st, S. F.
UNION loe Co. plant for sale; 250,000 ft % Pipe,
'ordinary A ex. heavy; other sizes up. to \i In. :
boilers, engines, pumps, air receivers: 25 HP.
gaa engine, tanks. G.Welssbaum,Bs6 Tehama.
A — BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shifting, pulley*.
etc WHITELAW, 838 Main at
FOR sale— A sealskin as good as. new,
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICJJ,
907 Market st
PHOTOGRAPHERS— Latest novelty, Lusterlne
photo doth; sample package 25a. SUNSET
BAZAR. 42 Third st '
MILES of pipe and fittings; all (deest cheap.
EUGENE RILBY A SONS, office 406 Main
- st ; warehouse 109 Vallejo st
A — GEXTS' full dress suits to rent 3.
COOPER, 21 Stockton st, second floor.
FINE quarter-sawed large roll-top desk o&aap,
KNOWLES CO., 24 Second st
FOR sale— Lot. 25x150. 12-ft alley! Mission ;
low; cash; agent MARTIN, 804 Larkln at
MAN and wife will exchange . new standard
upright piano for board. Boat 2380, Call/
CHRISTMAS gifts, original calenders, etc.
Klngaland Art Shop, Halght and Devlsadero.
HIGH grade second-hand office safa and wagon
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 California.
SAFES — Must make room* no reasonable offer
refused. 123 New Montgomery st .
MACHINERY, boilers and engines bought
sold and exchanged; power plants In > their
entirety bought Western Mhy Co., 280 Main.
DESKS and office furniture bought, sold and
exchanged. T. D. MCCARTHY. 807 Mission.
E. C. HUGHES— Printer, 611 Sansome *t. Baa
Franclsoo.
TWO rnerrrr-gc-ronnds; one miniature railway.
BACIGALUPI. 806 Kearny st
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HESR-
MAXN SAFE CO.; 417-27 Sacramento st
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargalns-BULLARD A BRBCK. 181 Poet st
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
PRINTING office wanted— l want to rent or
lease small Job plant: city or elsewhere! give
particulars by letter. B. C. FISRL 123
Seventh at.
AAAAA— STEIN must have aecond-hand cloth- I
Ing; full dresa, tuxedos, etc; pays highest
prices. 169 Third st; phone Montgomery 1260.
SECOND tenor or barytone would Join humor-
ous quartet working the coast. Box 2860
Call office.
A — BUYS high-grade ladles' eve. gowns; gents'
\u25a0 castoff cloth'g. etc. 1039 Folsom;tel. South 1005
ANDERSON pays highest price for ladles' and
gents' clothing. Tel. Howard 1187; 154 9th st
.WANTED— Return trip ticket to Ea£t;'Chlcago
preferred. - Box 6221, Call office, Oakland. .
DIAMONDS, etc. bought for cash. Karl Eber
A Co.. 400-401 Adams bldg.. 206, Kearny st
\u25a0 \u25a0_\u25a0„.. :_: _ .•'..'.;- MUSEUMS. '['_____
DR. LIEBIG STAFF Free Museum of
Ana— «mv nuovad to 1023 Marktt it. near 6tk
THp - SAN • FRANCIS'cp CALU, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1905.
. MOXEY TO^P^^__ t . v._..
MONEY
ALWAYS ON HAND.
SUMS FROM $10 TO $800.
RATES NO HIGHER HERB.
TERMS A LITTLE EA6IDRAND
PAYMENTS MORE CONVENIENT.
A COUPLE HOURS' NOTICE WILL DO.
COURTEOUS TREATMENT ALWAYS.
SECURITY— A CLAIM ON YOUR FUBNI*
TURK, PIANO. HORSE, VEHICLE OH
SALARY. ETC.
NO PUBLICITY ABOUT IT.
NO BANK MORE RELIABLE. !
PROOF— OUR LARGE BUSINESS.
EVERY REASON YOUR APPLICATION
SHOULD BE LEFT HERE WHEN .YOU
NEED MONEY. -
WE'RE READY AND WILLING.
ENTIRELY NEW PAYMENT PLAN.
HOUSEHOLD LOAN CO;,
802-206 CALLAGHAN BLDG.,
MARKET AND McALLISTER BTS.
PHO^E SOUTH 922.
LOAN HBAPQUARTE-RB.
AAAA— Confidential.
Loana of ail kinds and of every description
made on ! pianos, furniture, warehouse re-
ceipts, livestock and to people on their In-
dividual notes at banking-house rates; in
case of sickness or loss of employment we
extend your loan, so you take no chance of
losing your goods; your business Is strictly
confidential, as we make no Inquiries of your
neighbors; goods remain In your possession
and you can have the loan as long as you de-
sire; If you have any outstanding bills or
owe any loan company, -we will pay them
for you. and give you more money;. It . Is
easier to pay one than a number; to ladles of
prominence we make loans without any se-
curity whatever; we can refer you to any
\u25a0 bank or newspaper In this city; don't fall to
call and ace us and we* will cheerfully ex-
plain to you our up-to-date method of doing
business) . you meet no one at our separate
and private offices. ILLINOIS TRUST
COMPANY, room 18, Phelan building; phone
Main 704.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
etts, assignments of rents, property In trust
etc. i legacies," Ufa estatea and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
ANY salaried employe or wage earner can get
)uat on hla note:
Monthly. Seml-M. Weekly.
$50— Return to us.. slB 85 $6 65 $3 85
$80— Return to us.. 800 400 200
$20— Return to us.. 585 065 185
$15— Return to us.. 4 00 300 1 00
Or any other sum. and pay back in proportion.
THE CRESCENT LOAN CO., 600 Rialto bldg..
New Montgomery and Mission sta.
WILL LOAN
reasonable amount oa
Ist. 2d or 3d
j Mortgages on real estate
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223, Call office.
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRU3T CO,
21 Stockton st, near Market
2d floor.
Loans made to salaried people without any
publicity or other inconvenience on their
notes. Loans on real estate in probate; life
insurance policies, estates, second mort-
gages, assignments of rents, etc.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteoua treatment
Call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 1
per cent interest Baldwin's Jewelry Store,
978 Market at., tel. Main 1644. Branch 1193
Market »t. and 27 Third st
ANT amount Quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or other security; loweat
rates; no~ commission; confidential. 80*5-7
Donohoe bldg., 8 Taylor at. corner Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses. - without
. security; easy payments; large business in 40
principal cities. TOLMAN, 553 Parrott bldg.
ALVA- CO. loans . ' money to : salaried people
without security; good terms, easy payments;
also on other security. 607 Jas. Flood bldg.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; .$25 up.; quick,
quiet confidential. 26 Montgy. st, room 21.
LOANS to SALARIED PEOPLE without secur-
lty; loans on Indorsed notes and other secur-
lty. 8. F. DISCOUNT AGCY., 125-7 Phelan.
LOANS to salaried people without indorse r;
prompt attention . and liberal terms. The
City Loan Co.. 211 Croasley building.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of Interest; gold.
silver, diamonds, pearls and precious stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'B. 10 Sixth at
SALARIED people without security; also on
furn. estates in probate, life Ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan A Invest. Co.. 612 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount, real estate or other aecurtty;
$100 up. W. J. WHITE, 28 Montgomery, r. 8.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorver. Federal Loan Co., 609 Exam. bldg.
8% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
ALL loana on diamonds A jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. B. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 688 Kearny.
McGARVIE A CO., 72» Market st.,loans money,
65 to 80 per cent of valuation of property.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
UPRIGHTS FROM $65 UP.
Plyel, Emerson. Roenlsch, Smith A Barnes,
Gabler, Curtaz, Sterling, and many others, on
easy payments: open evenings.
BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farren st
ALL upright pianos stored to be cleared out
this week; Stelnway. Emerson, Chickertne,
Fisher, etc; only a few left. HEINE. 237
Qearr st.
A NEW piano for rent at $3 per mo.; others
at $2 and $2 50; one years rent allowed If
purchased. BCOTT-CURTA2;. 660 Hayes et
SAVE dealers' profits; buy dlreot from factory.
DEITEMEIER PIANOS, 839 Valencia St., be-
tween Nineteenth and Twentieth.
BIN O a song In cue flat and get a piano free;
dirt cheap: open evenings, whltehead'e Btor-
age. 1636 Market t. ,
BARGAlN— Chickering upright grand: bril-
liant and powerful tone. HORNUNO, -10
McAllister. \u25a0 -
BTORAGE pianos at firewood prices) . open
evenlnga. Whitehead'a Storage, 1636 Market,
MAN and wife will exohanjre new standard
upright piano for board. Box 2881. Call.
CHRISTMAS pianos almost given away; dirt
cheap; open evenings. Whltehead'a. 1636 Mkt.
A CHICKERING upright, $200. HEINE, 235
Geary at j \u25a0
PIANOS extraordinary, stock East'n mfgr. sac-
rificed; terma to suit Btatham, 110 McAllster.
SUPERIOR violins, tlthers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham plaoe.
ELEGANT uprights, new, ,2d-hand, $40-SSOO.
PIERCE' S Piano Factory, Market and 14th.
BOHMER, Byron Mauay pianos, Cedllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 308-812 Post stT
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly I pay-
ments. BCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st
8-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chickering baby grand.
Shonlnger little used. . Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
MEDICAL.
DR. O. W. CDONNBLL— LadIes, all who are
slolc or In trouble, consult this specialist oa
female complaints: 'positively corrected; the
unfortunate helped; the most difficult cases
treated; avery cue takeni immediate relief;
ho poisoning drugs; low fees: my methods
will cure all cases of Irregularity; consult
me; save time and money; advice tree. 1037
Market at; hours, » a. m. to 4. 5:30 to 8:30.
MRS. DR. WYETH. speclallat for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 80 years' experience. 944 Post st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable speclaliat for ail fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. Office hours 9to 6. Sunday
10 to 2.; 1003H Market at. opposite Fifth.
WOMEN'S diseases and Irregularities cured in
24 hours; 19 years' experience without a fail-
ure; no trifling: strictly private; elite patron-
age only. Dr. Sylvester's office, -1206 Market
DRS. GOODWIN'S herb treatment, reliable,
safe, prompt for female irregularities; relief
I or no fee; $10; hrs.9-8. 860 Mkt. st, suite S9.
DR. C. C. \u25a0 CKDONNELL— Office and residence
1021% Market. st. bet 6th and 7th ; ; partrcu-
lar attention paid, to diseases of women." •
A — MRS. DR. GWYER, 611 A Leavenworth st,
bet Geary and O'Farrell; Phone East 697. '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment 1126 Market'
DR. W ;R, MACY, reliable ladles' specialist
906 Market at,; hours 10 to 9; Sun.. 10. to 3.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st. corner
Twenty-sixth: ladles.: relief or no fee; $10.; "
OFFICES AND S STORES =TO •\u25a0 LET. f
LOMBARD, 1049— 4 rooms and store and bath:
no small children; $13, . :
PERSONALS.
• • • "REXRADIO'S X-M-A-S CHEER." • • •
"I-M-P-O-R-T-A-N-T." You will do well to
- READ A-G-A-I-N - and P-R-E-S-E-R-V-E
for REFERENCE last SUNDAY'S and
MONDAY'S wonderful report in this column
of last week'a i SAMPLES of marveloualy
successful treatments of E-X-T-R-E-M-E
.And. "otherwljw" INCURABLE cases of
PAJIALYSIS, TOTAL DEAFNESS, NEU-
RALGIA, DEAF-MUTEISM, LAMENESS.
LOOOMOTOR ATAXIA, eto__ M "P°«ltively"
. VOUCHED for by GRATEFUL patients
(FOREMOST dtUens), such as . W. C.
BURKE, the new ' ; CITY AND COUNTY
ATTORN- Y"; PRESIDENT CLEMENTS,
830 Fine; W.~ ROBINSON, eminent ohemlst
1101 Golden Gate aye.; C. ENQLEKE of
CAL. DEMOKRAT. 221 Bteiner, and others.
WRITE or VISIT them. 600 PROMINENT
references SHOWN at offices. TERMS
made to suit the SMALLEST MEANS. Of-
fices CROWDED; come EARLY. The
BEDRIDDEN and HELPLESS v-1-s-l-t-e-d.
"A CHRISTMAS PRESENT" TO TOUR IN-
VALID RELATIVE: A MOST ACCEPTA-
BLE ONE WOULD BE THE "GIFT" OF A
C-U-R-E BY THIS POTENT, WONDER-
FULLY SUCCESSFUL TREATMENT. (2 to
6.) 600 Kcaror. ' -:
THE oldtlme Junoh and Judy, dlreot from the
Crystal Palace, Eng., can be engaged dur-
ing the holidays for private parties, lodges
and parlors; terms reasonable. F. D. COYLH,
Hotel Bt Kathryn, Ellis and Leavenworth.
A FREE HI. 47-page book on piles and fistula,
containing much valuable Information con-
cerning- reotal diseases; sent free to any suf-
ferer. Frank R. Weston, M. D., author, suite
601-2. Donohoe bldg.. Mkt. A Taylor, & F.
MMa MARTIN — Just opened elegant new par-
lors; refined young ladles' specialist from
New York 1 tub baths; treatment $1; mani-
curing and electrlo treatment) satisfaction
guaranteed. Suite 9, 2d floor, 131 A O'Faxrell.
WANTED — Lost persons to find; their ad-
dresses can be "traced"] no charges unless
found. Geo B. Otis Co., 1421 Irvln* st,
Berkeley. C"al.
Misses ganders and Erickson, graduate mas-
seurs, bunt chest development a specialty ; at
home or office. 832 O'Farrell; tel. Bast 8624.
MMB. GILLINGHAM, dermatologist; wrlokles
absolutely removed without pain; contour re-
stored. 900 Market st ; tel. Montgomery 1811.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LTONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st. \u25a0 \u25a0: »
ENGROSSING of resolutions for lodges, socle- !
ties, eta, promptly executed. Room 63, 809
Marks t at.
SUITS to order on\ Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS A CO., the tailor, 72» Market at
8 BRAND new tailor-made men's suits, cost
$25. for $9 75. 440 Buah, nr. California Hotel.
$1 A. WEEK; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS,
1127 Market st \u0084 bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 788 Mkt
LEGAL NOTICES.
DELINQUENT SALE NOTICE
KILAUEA SUGAR PLANTATION COMPANY.
Location and place of business. City and
County of San Francisco, State of California.
NOTICE— There la delinquent upon 'the fol-
lowing described stock, on account of assess-
ment No. 1, levied on the 27th day of October.
1905. the several amounts set opposite the
names of . the respective shareholders, as fol-
lows:
No. of
Name — Cert No. . Shares. ! Amt
Ader, Paul 476 15 $15 00
Avery, Mrs. Mary A.\. - 722 26 25 00
Barry Edward 799 100 100 00
Bairy, Edward 1068 6 500
Boman, Mrs. Olga 0 1214 60 60 00
Berl, H 1326 100 100 00
Berl. H 1327 - 100 100 00
Berl. H 1328 100 100 00'
Berl. H 1829 100 100 00
Berl. H 1331 60 60 00
Bellingall. P. W 1020 100 100 00
Bellingall. P. W... 1344 100 100 00
Bowman, G. F., trustee.. 1178 60 '60 00
Bowman. G. F., trustee.. 1179 60 60 00
Cames Mrs. L 614 20 20 00
Duperu A Co 759 100 100 00
Duperu & Co 790 100 100 00
Duperu A Co 701 100 100 00
Duperu & Co 792 100 100 00
Fong Dai Hee 910 5 6 00
Frederick. Hyman lia2 BO 50 00
Frederick, Hyman 1133 25 ?. 25 00
Grlffln, A. G 027 50 60 00
Griffin. A. G..r... ....... 1071 80 V 80 00
Griffin, A. G... ICB9 20. 20 00
Ooodall. Edwin, trustee. 1163 50 fiO 00
GoodaJl. Edwin, trustee. 1166 60 60 00
Goodall. Edwin, trustee. 1167 80 50 00 i
Qoodall. Edwin trustee. 1169 50 60 00
Gibeon. W. D. X., trustee 127S 20 20 00
Heilbronner, A 7438 10 10 00
Hellbronner, A 797 15 16 00
Hazen. Mrs. Myra F.... 902 10 10 00
King, H. L 602 60 60 00
Levy. Mrs. D 436 10 10 00
Lindner. Henry 704 30 80 00
Loo Man Yuen BSS 5 600
Loo Man Yuen 973 '5 600
Loo Man Yuen 1073 6 5 00
Murray, Hugh 1114 40 40 00
Murray. Hugh 1115 60 60 00
Morgan. Mra. Kate R... 1304 60 60 00
Morgan, Mrs. Eliza W.. 794 5 600
Nelson, A. A 872 10 10 00
Nelson. A. A. ...1026 10 10 00
Pollitz A Co.. Edward... 820 60 50 00
Pollitz A Co.. Edward... 821 60 60 00
Pollitz A Co.. Edward... 832 60 60 00
Pollitz A Co.. Edward... '847 20 20 00
Pollitz & Co.. Edward... 871 8 500
Pollitz A Co.. Edward... 909 60 60 00
Pollitz A Co.. Edward... 017 10 10 00
Pollitz A Co., Edward... 920 10 10 00
Pollitz A Co., Edward... 033 60 60 00
Pollitz A Co.. Edward... 959 25 25 00
Pollitz A Co. Edward... 1006 10 10 00
Pollttz A Co.; Edward... 1611 60 60 00
Pollitz A Co., Edward. . . 1012 60 60 00
Pollitz A Co.. Edward... 1076 15 15 00
Partridge, W. H 692 6 6 00
Partridge. W. H 869 5 6 00
Partridge. W. H 1013 5 8 00
Partridge, W. H 1188 25 26 00
Plnkerton. Mrs. M. J... 603 60 60 00'
Plnkerton. Mra. M. 3... 1286 16 16 00
Plath. H 1807 50 60 00
Rosenberg. W 660 25 25 00
Scheellne, Sol B.: U3l 25 25 00
Scott, Mrs. Kate 766 100 100 00
Schoning, Otto 795 60 60 00
Samuels. I. J -1124 5 6 00
Simpson, W 1144 80 80 00
Taravelfler J 613 60 60 00
Wright. B. 0 694 10 10 00
Weintraub, M 769 10 10 00
Welntraub, M \u0084,... 901 5 5 00
Wade. Mrs. Harriet 8... 82« 20 20 00
Wilson. Mrs. Margaret.. 890 10 10 00
Wilson, Mrs. Margaret. . 891 10 10 00
Welch, R. M., trustee... 1201 60 60 00
Welch, R. M., trustee... 1262 60 60 00
Welch, R.M., trustee... 1203 25 25 00
Welch, R. M., trustee... 1264 25 25 00
Welch, R. M., trustee... 1265 25 25 00
Welch. R. M.. trustee... 1266 25 25 00
Welch, R. M., trustee... 1268 .25 25 00
Sheldon, E. H., trustee.. 67 25 £5 00
Bheldon, E. H.. trustee.. 92 CO 60 00
Sheldon, B. 11., trustee.. 93 60 50 00
Sheldon. &. H., trustee.. 104 SO CO 00
Sheldon, 13. H., trustee.. 105 60 60 00
Sheldon. E. H., trustee.. 114 60 60 00
Sheldon, E. 11., trustee.. 110' 60 60 00
Sheldon, B. H.. trustee. . 137 60 60 00
Sheldon, H. H., trustee;. 109 60 eO 00
Sheldon, B. H., trustee.. 209 60 50 00
Sheldon, B. H., trustee.. 215 50 50 00
Sheldon, E. H. trustee.. 238 60 60 00
Sheldon, K. H.. trustee.. 254 50 60 00
Sheldon, E. H.. trustee. . . 255 50 50 00
Sheldon. E. H.. trustee.. 824 50 50 00
Sheldon. B. H., trustee. . 825 60 50 00
Sheldon,. 13. H n trustee.. 829 60 60 00
Sheldon, E. H., trustee.. 827 SO CO CO
Sheldon, E. H.. trustee. .842 50 60 00
Sheldon, E. H., trustee. . 394 60 60 00
Sheldon B. H., trustee.. 805 60 60 00
Sheldon, El H., trustee.. 896 60 60 00
Sheldon, E. H.. trustee. . 428 60 60 00
Sheldon, B. H., - trustee. . 429 60 50 00
Sheldon, E. H., trustee.. 430 50 60 00
Sheldon. E. H., trustee.. CB9 15 15 00
Sheldon. B. H., trustee.. 764 15 16 00
Thomas, H. W., trustee.. 1164 60 60 00
Thomas, H.W.. trustee.. 1174 60 60 00
Thomas, H. W., trustee.. 1175 60 60 00
Thomas, H. W., trustee.. 1178 50 60 00
Thomas, H. W., trustee.. 1177 10 10 00
Thomas, H. W., trustee. . 1216 5 5 00
Thomas. H. W., trustee.. 1221 10 10 00
Thomas, H. W., trustee. . 1232 100 . 100 00
Thomas, H. W., trustee.. 1236 > 60 50 00
Thomas, H. W., trustee.. 1237 60 . 60 00
Thomas. H. W., trustee.. 1238 50 60 00
Thomas. H. W., trustee.. 1239 60 60 00
Thomas. H. W.. trustee.. 1242 100 100 00
Thomas, H. W.. trustee.. 1244 50 50 00
Thomas, H. W., trustee . . 1245 60 : 80 00
Thomas, H. W., trustee.. 1248 60 60 00
Thomas, H. W., trustee.. 1248 60 69 00
Thomaa, H.W., trustee.. 1249 50 60 00
Thomas, H. W., trustee. . 1250 60 60 00
Thomas, H."W., trustee.. 1251 50 60 00
Thomas.. H.W., trustee.. 1259 1W 100 00
Thomas, H.W., trustee.. 1260 60 B0 00
Thomas, H.W., trustee.. 1293 . 15 15 00
Thomas, H. W.. trustee.. 1294 > 40 46 00
Thomas, H. W., trustee. . 1298 60 . 50 00
Thomas, H.W., truotee.. 1301 100. 100 00
Thomas, H. W., trustee.. 1303 20 20 00
Thomas, H. W., trustee..: 1304 5 6 00
Thomas, H.W., trustee.. 1319 60 60 00
Thomas, H. W., trustee. . 1820 10 10 00
Thomas, H.W., trustee.. 1322 100 - 100 00
Thomas, H. W., trustee.." 1325 100 100 00
And in accordance . with - law and . an \u25a0 order .' of
the board of directors made on the 27th day of
October. :< 1905,'. bo \u25a0 many \u25a0 shares ; of ; each parcel
of such stock as may be necessary will be : sold
at publio auction at \u25a0 the of flee of the company
at . 327 Market street (room 4, second floor); In
the city and county of . San Francisco, .State 'of
California, on . Friday, - December; 15, 1905, at
the ; hour of three (3) ' o'clock ; p. m., on such
day,', to pay such delinquent assessment thereon,
together ] with cost pt advertising and : expenses
of eale. H. . W. THOMAS, Secretary. ,
Office of the Company,' 327- Market st;-- v
,>. (Room 4, Cecond Floor), . -.-\u25a0 <
City and County, of San Francisco,
: ' - / BtaU or CalUornU. \u25a0 ?\u25a0.
: REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
BELLING
TO BEAT THE BAND.
• t ONLY SI 25 A WEEK.
$275 — Elegant level building lots,' olos* to
school ; fine car service on Mission st ; cream of
the Excelsior Homestead; atop paying rent and
raise the baby where the ozone Is not polluted
with dust and smoke, to say nothing of the
deadly microbe; no Interest and no taxes.
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS,
ONLY $10 A MONTH.
$4CO for finely located lota 8 blocks south
of the park; electric car service unexcelled;
enhancing In value with every stroke of th»
clock; buy now; next week may be too late;
| "Nat Goodwin" Is not the only man that ap-
preciates thla beautiful section; no taxea.
Vf 3. WHITE COMPANY.
- 36 Montcomery at, room 8.
$5750— TWELFTH and Howard sts. neighbor-
hood; lot 28x80; get In on this rUht now; It
won't last long. Particulars at our of floe,
BALDWIN A HOWELL, I
25 Post st
TWELBTH-STREET SPECIAL.
. Sfi feet on 12th st, near Market at a bar-
gain: a sure turn In this; property is within
800 feet of San Francisco's great thorough-
fare; will aell for $1000 a foot within IS
months; see this at once; particulars at of-
flce. BALDWIN A HOWBLL, 20 Post at
$1050 TO $1250—1150 cash, balance $20 month-
ly; level lots on 14th and 15th ayes. and H
St.. within a few minutes of all the attrac-
tions of Golden Gate Park; this section la
. Improving rapidly; Ell is-st. cars pass prop-
erty, • .
LYON A HOAQ, 116 Montgomery st
OCEAN BOULEVARD CORNER.
Fine comer, 87:6x120 feet, on the Ocean
boulevard and Lat The price on this corner
has been reduced for a quick aale and will
remain open only a short time.
R. BARKER A CO.. 640 Market st
$18,000 — RENTS $2196 per annum; Eighteenth
st; 12 substantial, modem fiats of 4-5 rooma
and bath each; large lot, 75x100; must be
sold to ' close an estate; an unusual oppor-
, tunlty. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Mont-
gomery st
FOR sale— Lot and Improvements (2 storea and
| fiat) ; northwest oorner of Mission s t and
Sycamore aye., between 17th and 18th; lot
80x80. M. J. MADDEN. 1675 Folsom st
$500 CASH, $30 monthly will buy brand new
cottage of 6 or 6 rooms on Second aye., near
MoAUlster st F. NELSON, owner A builder.
FOR sale — New, modern, up-to-date, 5-room.
bath and -basement cottage. 8929 Army at,
near Church.
ATTRACTIVE bargains In city real estate
only of BURR-PADDON CO., 40 Montgomery
st, San Francisco.
COR. Castro and Hill; ? new 6-room houses;
came as rent. MOISE, owner, 417 Market at
REAI; ESTAT^COraTOY~For Sale.
ALFALFA Irrigated lands, $25 per acre; $1
down SI month; no Interest Pamphlets at
INDEX LAND A B. CO.. 241 Croasley bid.
A STAMP brings our free catalogue of country
land. BURR-PADDON- CO.. 40 Montgomery
et., San Francisco.
HALFMOON BAT.
HALFMOON BAY.
HALFMOON BAY.
SHOREACRES AND
• PILARCrrOS PARK.
DON'T MAKE THE MISTAKE OF BUYING
LOTS AT HALFMOON BAY
UNTIL YOU HAVE SEEN OUR TWO SUB-
DIVISIONS.
CALL AT OUR OFFICE AND ARRANGE
TO GO OVER THERE AJCY DAY DURING
THE WEEK OR SUNDAY.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
PALO ALTO REAL ESTATE.
CO-OPERATIVE Lend and Trust Co. are the
owners of large blocks of real estate In "The
Twin Cities," Palo Alto and Mayfleld, th*
Stanford University towns; large lota, $300
and up; cement walks; graded streets, etc ;
small monthly payments; country property;
houses for rent. San Francisco office. 720
Market: phone Front 31. Salesmen wanted.
PIEDHOXT REAL ESTATE.
IF you want a fine lot In the Alta Piedmont
Tract at a bargain see me at once. /
A forced sale makes a low price. W. M.
BUTTERS. Real Estate. Loans and Insur-
ance.
468 Eleventh St.. Oakland. Phone Oaklaad 843».
MARiy COirXTY REAL ESTATE.
$550— HOUSE, bam and lot, 60x200. J. E.
LEWIS. Kentfleld. Marin County.
GOVERNMENT^ JLAXP. _^
WE will locate you on good Government land;
you are entitled to 820 acrea of Government
land, 160 acres of agricultural land and also
100 acres of a timber claim. Call and *cc us
at 514 A Jones st. Tel. East 4733. PACIFIC
LOCATING, DEVELOPING AND COLONI-
ZATION COMPANY. v
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
LAND wanted for subdivision ; will buy out-
I right or will Join owner in,boo"ming addition
or town site. MAXWELL, r. 1174. James
Flood bldg.'
WANTED — Lot In Richmond District, bet Ist
and 12th ayes., California st and Point Lo-
bos aye.. for cash; give price. Box 1507, Call.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$20,0C0 FOR one of the beet fruit and dairy
ranchea in Napa Valley; will exchange for
San Francisco or Oakland property to the
value of $30,000; pay difference or assume a
mortgage. P. C. LASSEN A CO., 466 Tenth
st, Oakland, Cal.
MARION GRIFFIN. 970 Market st (room 801).
6. F., has rooming-houses clearing $100 to
$300 monthly to trade for farms or city realty.-
FROPBRTV WANTED.
WANTED— Good olty and country real estate.
BURR-PADDON CO., 40 Montgomery t.B.F.
• PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diaeasea of the hutcan body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st, now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st, near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by. Chinese herbs. 746-1 Clay st
PARTNERS WAaiX—— '.
WANTED*-- Partner In river boat with good
posfilon. Box 2863. Call.
PA*RTNER with $100; can start good house
and make money. Box 1791. Call-offloa.
PAINTING AND PAPKBTIANQINQ. .
ROOMS papered, $3 50 UP?™' o ®?™]!! l^ I .**"
per. Co up. Hartmann Paint Col. 319 Third.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented; U. B, and foreign
patent laws, t. P. MEDINA. 832 iMarketst
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES^
A— EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
781 Howard at. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIBRCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving CO.
Main office Eddy and Flllmora; tel. West 823.
BEKINB Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
,t i tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-^The Weekly Call,
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SEWING MACHINES -AND SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use: best
-Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
prices all kinds ranted lowest rates. Domea-
Uo office, 1021 Market st. near Sixth.
ALL Wnds second-hand. $3, $5, $8; slightly
used $10, $15," $2». You know where dolls
swing In the window.- 1061 Market st
TYPEWRITERS . AND SUPPLIES.
A^TYPEWRITER Is the best holiday g7ft~es^
pedally for the boy or girl; partly used $100
. machines of all makes from $20; fully guar-
anteed; rentals from $2 50 month. W.
SCOTT,"' 2O7 ' Montgomery st ,: ..' \u25a0
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. < $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals. $2 50. Ths
Typewriter Exchange. 536 Calif ornla st-
FOR- aale — Very . ; cheap, a Fisher billing and>
book writ ing typewriter. MUNICIPAL LOAN '
.: OFFlCE.' 9o7. Market st * . '
;;' .7 .TRUNKS.';/
TRUNKS retailed at wholesale prices. Factory
040 Mission st, twaX % Sixt_; first-cUs* ttool-
ALAMEDA ADYEET y S ? M ? TS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FINE manufacturing lot on the estuary for
eale; lanrs lot at a bargain. Adflress
OWNER, box 1794. Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERT ? S r M ? TS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAT.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
~* MONET THIS WBEC
YOU MIGHT AS WELL
BENEFIT BT MT NECESSITY.
I will sell, for considerably less than any
«f ths adjacent lots can ba bought tor. oaa
of
THE MOST DESIRABLE XOTS
IN THB ALTA PIEDMONT TRACT.
OWNER GOING EAST.
All atreet work, sidewalks, sewers.
Water and xas mains complete: elsetrtaj ear
service: magnificent view.
FACES VTWO BROAD AVEXUE3.
Restricted building values lasura elegant
home surroundings.
You can clear $300 on this property.
IT IS GOING AT A SACRIFICE and IT I*
A SNAP.
Male* me sn offer to-day.
W. 8. WHITE. 28 Montgomery st. B. i.
FACTORY SITE.
Choloest and cheapest location for factory or
warehouse In Oakland, on railroad: railroad
siding within 25 feet of property; on* block
from city wharf and Dlmond ferry: one and a
half blocks from Broadway and railroad depot;
SOLID GROUND REQUIRING NO PILING:
two street frontages; exceptional advertising
advantages, being passed by main railroad and
two ferry lines- area 10.625 squara feet
For price and details, apply to
J. H. MACDONALD A CO.. '
1052 BROADWAY.
SNAP TO GOOD TENANT.
Nice 7- room house; - large grounja; stable;
splendid locality; a blocks to 3. P. Local: 130.
Phone Oakland 8432. WILLIAM M, BtJT-
TBRS, 468 Eleventh at. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furniture.
H. Schellhaas. 11th st, cor. store, Oakland.
San Francisco Advert Vents
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BIRCH aye., 643 — Three large rooms for house-
keeping; unfurnished; $8. Apply 942 Grove.
BRYANT, 444 — 1 or 2 sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA. 830. near Powell— 3 nicely fur-
nlshed housekeeping rooms; kttchen and
laundry; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 1306,' n«ar LeavenworUi — Fine
sunny unfurnished rooms for housekeeping;
grate; bath; running water; adults only.
EDDY. 748 — Alcove room. $16; with kitchen.
$20; also aingle. $7.
ELLIS. 434 A —Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gaa or coal atoves; sinks; run-
ning water.
ELLIS, 574 — 8 gunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping; gaa range and running water;
parlor floor.
ELLIS, 1436 — 8 nicely furnished sunny corner
bay-window rooms; gas stove; kitchen; rea-
sonable.
FILLMORH, 928 — Sunny front rooms, run-
ning water, gas, bath, laundry; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 123S — Sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms to let; cheap. \
FOURTH. 225 — Nice housekeeping rooms; also
single rooms.
FOURTEENTH. 465 — Nioa suite large sunny
rooms for housekeeping: modern flats adults.
GEARY, 1226 — Fine front suits of rooma: nice-
ly furnished; splendid location; nice family;
only $20 per month.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1206— Nice, sunny suite
parlors; use of piano; other rooms for house-
keeping.
GOUGH, 813 — Double furnished front room;
fireplace, gas. bath, closet.
HAIGHT. 222— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms In private family; bath; yard; good lo-
cation.
HOWARD, 822 — 2 single, housekeeping rooma;
rent $10 and $12.
HOWARD. 2697— Fine furnished front sunny
rooms for light housekeeping; gas; bath; rex-
aonable.
HOWARD. 1188 — Nloely famished sunny rooms
for housekeeping: coal etove; also others.
HOWARD. 113S\i — Sunny housekeeping suite;
bath, gas, stationary tubs; $15; private
family. -
JESSIEi. 823 — Large front room; gtia range,
sink; $3; sunny room. $2 75 week.
JONES. 509 — Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping suites, $18; also good single rooma
from $8 up. :
LARKIN, 433— Completely furnished sunny
rooms for housekeeping.
LARKIN, 433 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
McALLISTER. 483. cor. Van Ness— 3 connect-
ing rooms, $12; single room, $3. \u25a0;. r
McALLISTER. 639. near Van Ness— Elegantly
» furn. front alcove parlor; It hpg.; run, wat
MISSION, 1522— Housekeeping rooms; bath
and gas; private.
MISSION. 1735 — Fine furnished large front
sunny rooms for housekeeping: grate and gaa
stove: $10.
MISSION. 1917— Large sunny suits; furnished
housekeeping; gaa range; water; also single.
MISSION. 1020, bet. Sixth and Seventli — 2 rms.
$10; housekeeping: gas stove; furnished.
NINTH, 453 — Housekeeping rooms; sunny; gaa,
\u25a0water: good order.
OAK. 117. or 14 Page — Complete for house-
keeping; $5 to $12; hot bath; laundry; adults.
OAK, 248^4, cor. Ootavia — Front furnished
housekeeping room; running water 'and bath.
OCTAVIA. 155 — Tiled sink; 2 or 8 connecting
rooms; wash trays; yard. \u25a0
PAGE 141—3 connecting rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping; rent $12. C '
PINE. 1830 — Comfortably furnished large sun-
ny rooms; modem new flat; housekeeping or
en suite.
SACRAMENTO, 8803 — Furn. nm.; also sonny
hskpg. rms. 1 references. Phone West 2153.
STOCKTON. NW. cor. Filbert — a nicely fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooma.
TURK. 11B&— Nicely! furnished snitaa complete
for housekeeping: reasonable rat*s : newly
. furnished fiat
TWENTY-FIFTHi 8344. cor. Capp \u25a0 A fnr-
nished housekeeping rooms; $12.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 8377, near Mission 2 fttr-
- nlshed housekeeping rooma. free r^^yng^
gas. ill; one $4.
WASHINGTON. 1823 — 3 or \ nloely furnlahed
housekeeping rooms: sunny, bath, gas; ma-
rlne view; reasonable.
WILLOW aye., 14— Furnished kitchen and
room; bath. gas. with all conveniences.
APARTMENT H PUSES.
NEW 4-story corner apartment-nous a; sunny
aide; open for Inspection and reservation; all
suites have modern kitchens; electrlo lights,
eto. Apply 231 9th at, opp.; tel. Howard 2670.
A— KBNILWORTH, oor. Buah. Powell — 3-room
aunny aparta.; single rooma; modern; rees.
ROSSWELL Apartments, IS6O Pisa, near Hyds
— 2. 8 and 4 rooms, with bath; steam heat
RANDALL Apartments, 120 Pierce sstt — t un-
furnished rooms; exceptional; only 2 left
MoALLISTER, 1228 (The Whltefleld) — Choice
unfurnished apartments; lights; baths free.
NiJVV, runny cor. apts.; 4 rooms. Seventeenth
and Church; suitable for doctor or dentist
. ROOMS :TO LET — Fnra. and Unfnr.
HOTEL ETT. KATHRYN,
Corner Bills and Leavenworth sts..
In the heart of th* city. •
SCO rooms; 100 baths.
Modern \u25a0In every detail.
Rates $3 to $15 per week.
Rooms, with private bath. $1 day.
Tourist travel solicited. I
A — BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth st — Rooma
25a to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooma; open-- all night
AT "The Almonte," 878 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms 25c to 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$160 to $10 week; house open all night
BELMOND House, over Owl Drugstore: 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights, running water In every room; 2CO
. rooms; 25c to 60c per night. $1 25 to $4 we:i.
BURTON Hotel. 'll26 Howard st— loo rooms;
new house; modern;* $1 25 to $3 per week.
BUSH, 776 — Nicely furnished largo double al-
- cove parlor; ?. grate, running water, phone.
-eto.l also othar choice rooma from $10 v*.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnra . «-d TJ-fnra.
BUSH. 931— Nicely furnished rooma C sunny j
convenient: running water; bath; pnvat*
houae; location select _____
CALIFORNIA. 1519^ — Nicely furnished sunny
rooma, $5 and $6 per month; running water, .
gas, phone, etc. ' J
CALIFORNIA. 3012^ — Completely furnished 5
nlc» sunny rooms, stag— or en •alto; term*
reasonable. ' ) '
ELEVENTH. 21 — Furnished or unfurnished
rooms; sun all day; referencaa.
ELLIS 1227 — Rooms, newly furnished, slngla
and in suite; private house; good locaUon.
rnTTH. 438— Clean and nice singla rooms. $1
* per week. • '
FOLSOM 1690— Nice sunny, furnished roooa
for gentleman; gaa. bath. _____
FULTON 78 nr City Hall— 2 newly furnlshad,
front rooma; private family of two; rea*.
room! SSS- Y £ Si&tK. g'
2____T.£Vs&iS KSSS
day; »team heat A telephone In each room.
HYDE. 1106. cor. California— Suite furnished
front rooms. $13; lower flat, unfurnished. $30.
furnished room^ $7.
KEARNY, 207— Furn. apts.; single and deslra-
bl» front suite; clean, quiet, homelike; reaa.^
LARKIN. 1122— Newly furnished sunny room*.^
ta to $12 per month. *
LARKIN. 1410— Nicely furnished sunny rooma
for gentlemen: phone and bath; $> and $1»
per month. '
LEXINGTON aye,, 138. bat ISta and »*_--
Nicely furnished room In Mission _*na Bant
rent very reasonable; qul st family.
MASON, 1184— Nicely furoUhed «niU «< toaß^ t
with running water, grate, bath, eta; auo
single rooms at reasonable rataa.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 128 Third aV-100
• single and family rooms, 85c to $1 50 p«r
dayj $2 to $3 week; the only new *ad=_«__
hotel and rooming-house in San S****^
that has office on ground floor; hot aao oo*a
•water, electrlo llght^ call bells. ate_nv_*a*
m every room, and gives free batha and ele-
vator day and night to Its yaeata.
MISSION. 1309. near Ninth— Newly farnt«fn4
front rooms; path; every accommodation.-
O'FARRELL. 362 — Newly furnished front aun-
ny suite, with bath. $38. ' ' ' ' '
OLIVE aye.. 548. near Ootavia— Nloajy far-
nlahed aunny rooms, with bath and pM— •«
rent reasonable; half block from cars.
POLK. «22 — 2 or S sunny connecting rooma. u_-
furnlshad: phone, bath, references.
POST. 1897. comer Sterner— Nicely furnlahed
sunny front rooms, with board it dealreds
also choice housekeeping rooms; bath; phon* t
RIO VISTA HOTEL. 253 Third st. near How-
anl — New booee with modern oonv«nleneea»;
rooms en suite and single; rates by day. 86a
up; by week. $2 up; batha free to guests.
BUTTER, 1643— Newly furnlshadlarge- ple-aanA
rooms in new fiat; use> of kttohan U as-
sired: reasonable. ' .
8 OR 4 furnished or unfurnished room. ln-
qulre 190 or 126 Hawthorn* at.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3600. cor. Ouerrero— El«-»w
gantly furnlahed bay-window rooma In a _•"•\u25a0 r
modem flat After 6 p. m. or Sundays.
TOOTED STATES. 123 Eddy, rear Market — WO
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; \u2666leo-
trto llxhts (no gas), running water In every
room; elevato- read. -room: free bua. baggage.
WOLF House, cor. 6th and Howard — No better
transient house In city; rooms 150 to 500
per night: 90c to $3 per week. \u25a0
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 8d at., nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooma.
85c to $1 5O nightly. $2 to $8 week; elevator;
eleo. lights; reading-room; freo bua, baggage. -
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sta.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
WTSLLESLEY HOTEL. 1433 California st—
New management; newly furnlahed and com-
pletely renovated; single rooma aad suites;
strictly first-claf! family hotel; excellent
board. ~
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1031— Fine furnished
sunny rooms, with good board; bath; $_!:
two. $3» per month. ' - ' '.'*—\u25a0.
BUSH. 738 (Hotel Bertling) — N!c« sunny froe* '
room suite tor two. wlta board. $50 and up;
single, $30 and up. •
HOWARD, 841 A —Nicely furnished sunny
rooms with American family; $3 per week:
home cooking. "
SEVENTH. 252 — Nice, newly furnished sunny
roomsk with or without board; everything
first class: new house.
TURK 1159 — Nicely furnished rooma in new
modem fiat, wtth table board If desired: also
nice front parlor suite.
O'FARRELL. 553^ — Nice sunny front rooms;
running water; bath; snttabU tor two; Oar-
man home cooking.
VAN NESS and Geary (Hotel MartHn*)—^lcs>
ly furnished rooms, slngl? or en suite; ex-
cellent board; special rates.
BUCHANAN. "53 — Nice front room with boari.^.
GEARY. 640 (Malson Tence) — Fine furaiahe* J
rooma with good table board: reasonable..
EDDY. 86JJ — Nicely furnished rooms In privata
family; modern Improved flat; re— ». r-taa.
FRANKLIN. 1453 — Nloely furn__ad rooxna.
with board, from $15 to $25 per month.
LARKIN, 1122 — Nice furnished rooma; n«w
management; good board; $20 per month.
TABLE board. $7 per week; homa eooklna;.
405 Butter at _^^
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subacriptlona haa
been opened at 1008 Market at. opposlt*
Fifth. Open nntn 11 p. ra.
DryTDEXp JgOTICEii.
AATEKICAN CAN COMPANY— A (jnarterty-
dividend of one and one-quartor per oeac
<1!4%> nas this day been declared upoa thai
preferred stock of this company, payable- on
January 1. 1900, to stockholders of record
at the dose of business. December 16, 190 ft.
Ths transfer books as to> preferred stock will
be oloaed from December 17, 1900 to Janu-
ary 1. 1906 both Inclusive. Check* will bs>
mailed. R. H. IBMON. Secretary. .
New York. Dec. 4. 1905. .- .
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FOR HAY AND OATS.— Depot
Quartermaster's Office, 86 New Montgomery
st. San Francisco. Cal. — Sealed proposals.
In triplicate, subject to the uauaj condi-
tions, will be received here until 10 o'oloak
a. m.. Paclflo standard time. Monday. Da- -
ccmber 13. 1903. and then opened, for fur-
nishing and delivering at San Francisco. Se-
attle or Portland, or other prominent rail-
road points: 2500 tons East Washington
timothy hay or equal, and 15C0 tons graded j
white oats or equal. The right la r^orv*<jS4
to reject or accept any or all proposals, or r
any part thereof. The above to be subject lo-
an Increase or decrease of twenty per cent.
Blank proposals and full Information will
be furnished upon application to this 'office.
Envelopes containing proposals to be In-
dorsed. "ProDCsal for Hay and Oats, No.
ICSS3, to be opened at 10 o'clock a. m. De-
cember 18. 1905." C. A. DEVOL. Depot
Quartermaster. V. 8. Army. . . .
PROPOSALS for Cavalry and Artillery Honest
Chief Quartermaster's Office. San Francisco
Cal . Dec IS. 1905. — Sealed proposals, la
triplicate will be received at this office until
10" a. m. January 5. 190«, for delivering at
Seattle Wash., or at other prominent rail-
road points of 475 Cavalry Horses and 25
Artillery Horses, for shipment to the Phil-
ippine Islands, all to conform to specifica-
tions. United States reserves right to accept
or reject any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Particulars and blanks for proposals
wlll.be furnished on application. Envelopes
containing propoeals to be Indorsed "Pro-
posals for Horses." and addressed to COL-
ONEL WILLIAM S. PATTEN. Chief Q. M.
PROPOSALS — San Quentln Prison "construc-
tion account" Sealed proposals will be re-
ceived at the office of the State Board o£
Prison Directors. 831 Pine st. Ban Francisco,
until 2 p. m.. December 23. - 1906. at which
time and place they will be opened In publio.
for furnishing tools, dump cars, carts, horses,
harness, oils, paints, wrought iron pipe and
fittings, cast Iron pipe. lead, powder, steel,
lime. sand, cement, stationery, drawing ma-
terials, photographic supplies, lumber. blast-
Ing machine, cement testing apparatus, hoist,
lag engine, etc., to be delivered during th*
year 19C6. As per schedule obtainable at ths
office of the assistant engineer, San Quen-
tln. ROBERT T. DEVLIN. President
BRAINAUP F. SMITH. Clerk. , •
PROPOSALS for ' subsistence supplies. Of flea
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco Cal
December 6. 1905. — Sealed proposals for fwl
niehingr and delivering such quantities of
subsistence supplies*- delivered at such whaHß
or wharves or such warehouses In San Fr*^
Cisco, Cal.. as per circular to be seen at thl's
office. wUI be received here until 11 o'clock
a. xm., Frldav December 15. 19C5. and
opened Immediately thereafter la "the pres-
ence of bidders. Specifications, general In*
structlens to blddera and blank f on* of nro.
posals will be furnished to established deal-
;j". on^? pllc . atloll to a *- KRAUTHOFy
Major, Commissary. . . .
Continued on Pa_e Eishleea.UNLESS YOU ARE ADVERTISING FOR IT
.:;--'-- \u25a0•'\u25a0'\u25a0••\u25a0 ; '-j tysraAxcß^
. STATEMEXT
Of THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
t'FOERAr. IXSURAXCE COMPAXY
HER a S2f SIST DAY OF DECEM-
ENDWa ?v- t Z2£' AND FOR T »E YEAR
THE I»£:t£»v- THAT DAY - AS Mad K TO
BTATE^Ji?! COMMISSIONER OF THE
THE ; PR? n<,nv IFOaNIA - PURSUANT TO I
t" f^ Tnr' S ° X SECTIONS <U0 AND
r>F\-£f n THE POLITICAL CODE. CON-
TS!l&SS^g^*^ FURNISHED BY
CAPITAL
C«? 1 C ** C^ltii Stock paid up in
*-"- $500,000 00
AESETS. ~~
Catb* ttSrfiFS! , aai Mortgac-5. . . $30,000 00
«i<< "n * f 1 X * !li * oi * a Stocks
Caih. £ df Olrr *<* br Company.. 1.386.423 33
r£t£ a £ oc *Par.y E Of2ce .fT.... 7.291 10
wJU? BB * tV » 333.5C3 71
sgg ffi^|*^E U2 50
i»I". m i ten •- 10000
mo 6i
Tctal Assets $2,061.676 10
LIABILITIES.
"**« in r-roces* «f Adjustment or
cS. Es *P* E »* $233.94119
G-J^fG -J^f J^-^ras ca Fire Ri.ks rua-
?;r* °=5 y«ar or less $247.-
r " J **: «inre.-usce 50 per cent. 123,755 74
w« Premium* on Fire Risks rus- •
gJSA : '•V^urance pro rata..... 63,213 43
rrenilcin* on Xarin« asd
£*££ Navigation R:*ks. $50.-
«40 M : reinsurance 50 per cent.. 25.170 47
»f*. rre J : == ls on Marine Time
JV*k». Rgw Z3: reinsurance
AU other Liabilities 251,822 43
Total Liabilities $506.190
INCOME. '
*"** c *-*h actual:? received for Fire
pre:n!;:Tr.« $327,568 64
»; carh actually received for
Mar-.r-e premiums 738.049 CS
BMchrcfl j cr iS tere« eh Bonds and
Mort**s*s 1.132 50
P^»:v*4 fcr interest and dividends
«i Bond*. Stocks. Loans and
m -ro= en other sources C3.M6 17
..scotne from all other sources 2.933 93
Total Inccsse »1.153.200 60
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net asoufci paid Tor Fire Losiec.. $146,269 56
Nn airorr.t raid for Marine Losses
Unc!.js{ r^ f202.3?7 62, losses of
previrtn years) C 21.834 71
IMviaeris to Stockho!Cer* 50,000 00
Ps'.d or allowrfl for Commission of
Broker&re 221.C53 14
Pi*J fcr Salaries Fee* and other
charges for of fleers, c'.erks ere. C 3.907 04
Paid for Etato. National and Local
taxes 25,et5 SO
All other payment* aad expeail-
..ttires 31,437 45
4 Tctal Expenditures $550.P99 20
Fire. Marine?
Lots** inrurreS daring
the year $168.803 56 $551,707 S4
Rlfks and Premiums.' Fire Risks. J Premiums.
Net amount cf Risks)
written during thel !
ypar ?$34.363,15S $452,54946
Nrt airnrnt cf Rules'
'rplrtfl Ciring the!
rear ! 15,183.373 194.429 53
Net arac^nt m force!
r*>cf-mr*r 31. 1i»04..» 24.P37.*«3 327.123 77
i Marine
} Risks. Premiutss.
N#t s«r.our;t cf RlsksJ
"written during the,
year !?5€7.125,770 $1. 505, 337 23
Net tsrat cf Risk?!
exvl^ed Curing the!
year ! 524.724.474 ! 1,671,015 55
Net AZT-vszt in force!
Deres:l.*r Si. W4..' 40.533.541! ISS.S2S 47
HENDON CKUBB. Vice President.
MAX GP.UNDXER. Secretary.
PubfcMbed aad *vrcm to before Et, this
SOUi day cf January. 19t5.
LOUIS EL MAY. Notary Publ!e.
PACIFIC DEPARTMEXTi
V. C.VntS DniFFIELD, Manaeer.
H. DAXKER, Assistant Manager.
221 SAXSOME STREET,
San Francisco. CaL
STATEMEXT
OF THT CONDITION AND AFT AIRS
OF THE
COXXECTICUT FIRG IXSURAXCE
COMPAXY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
NECTICUT. ON THE 31ST DAY OF DECEM-
rfrR, A. D. l»0*. AND FOR THE YEAR
tvDIKO ON THAT DAY. AS MADE TO THE
F.'EURANCE COMMISSIONER OF THE
FTATE OF CALIFORNIA. PURSUANT TO 1
THE PROVISIONS OF SECTIONS €10 AND
c.l OF THE POLITICAL CODE. CONDENSED
AS PER BLANK FURNISHED BY THE
COMMISSIONER. .
CAPITAL.
Amcßct el Capital Stock, paid np
in CUh $1,000,000 00
ASSETS.
Real E*tai» cwrsed by Company $294,000 00
Loses en Bonds acd Mortgages 1.199.600 (CO
Caal Market Value of a'J Stocks
end Bonds otrned by Company. . 3.354.2W P0
Ca*h ia Coicpanrs Office 1.390 99
<trh ta Banks 304,003 78
Pr-rrlusas la dae Coarse of Collec-
tlca 21% 372 16
Bills recelrafcle, not Matured, takes \u2666
Tzr Fire and Slarlse Risk* 10,53400
Total Assets .$3,340.136 »4
LIABILITIES.
Lr«*«« afijusted and unpaid $64,608 94
Loests tn process of AdjocUnent or
in Su*pense 152.434 70
Lessee resisted. lr.cludJwy expenses 11* 403 01
Gross premlams on Fire Risk* nm-
Elnr oa« \u25a0rear or less, $1,555,-
451 90; reinsurance 60 per cent.. 932,723 95
Groes premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning taor» than cne year. $3,228,-
553 48; reinsurance pro rata 1.T2A.042 IS
Tctal Liabilities .$2.825.215 ?3
INCOME.
(Set cash actually received for Fire
premiums $3,019,703 43
Received for interest on Bond*
and mortgajres 61.472 SI
U»« ?elved fcr Interest and dividends
-T^s BcwSs. Stocks. Loans, and
from all cth*r source* 131,053 76
Received (or Rents . 6,090 ©tf
Total Income .J3.217.320 22
EXPENDITURES.
Net eroount paid fcr Fire Loswa
ftecluiiKg »207.9.'5S 57. loe*es of
of previous year*) $1,534,134 23
rtirtdends to Stockholders IL'O.uOO C-0
Paid or allowed for Comaisslon or
Brokers** €17,799 11
Paid for falari-s. Fees, and other
charges for otflrers. clerk*, etc... 215.653 29
Pa.d for State, National and Local
taxes - -•• W.252F3
All other paftaects and expendl-
Total Expenditures .$3. 034. SCI 31
Fire.
Lcstes lnc-jrr*d daring the rear. ..t1.554.M8 92
Ittek* ar.d Premiss?.} Fire Risks. \ Premiums.
Net' *mcc2t cf Rifles
v^, 1 ". . CB f!? S - ± 1280.1061535 $3,673,183 20
Net am<?uM et Risks {
jgSiSSkS 5i5.754.057 3 .32«.5«8 77
41«,«T.«71f 5.091.54138
. J D BROWNE. President.
CHARLES R. BURT. Secretary.
Sub*crf!*d *rd eworn to before me. thia 4th
ii ' T *30W?H.' TILVTCHEB. Notary Public.
COLIX M. BOTH.
. Ar«"nt for Saa Francisco.
BEXJAMIX J. SMITH.
3lana*t«T Pacific Department.
gl« SAXSOME STREET.
trXTTED STATES BttAXCH.
STATEMEXT
OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
SOWOTBCEXtX ASSURAXCE COMPAXY
CW LONDON, IN ENGLANDiT OX THE SST
IXSURAXCE — Continued.
DAY OF DECEMBER. A. D. 1901. AND FOR
THE YEAR ENDING OX THAT DAY. AS
MADE TO THE INSURANCE COMMIS-
SIONER OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF SEC-
TIONS CIO AND f.ll OF THE POLITICAL
CODE. CONDENSED AS PEH BLANK FUR-
NISHED BY THE COMMISSIONER.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... $ICOOO 00
Cash Merket Value of all Stocks
arsd Bends owned by Company.. 3.056.173 00
Cash in Company's Office 7.153 53
Ca»h Ja Banks 153.U10 71
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 7, CSS 27
Premiums In due Course cf ColJec-
tlon 570.516 53
Due from otter Companies fcr re-
lnsurance en losses already paid. 2.27S 5S
Total Assets $4,023,115 64
LIABILITIES.
j Lpsms adjusted and unpaid $19,276 68
j Lo<»es in process of Adjustment or
ia Susrense 150.227 48
Leases resisted, including espense* 44.4CG 44
Gr^ss rr^«!u3:s en Fire R'slcs
running cne year cr less, 52.0-J6,-
941 H: reinsurance, ti* r«" ctnt. 1,048.470 CO
Grcrs premiums ca Fire RUks
rur.riing more than one y*ar,
$1 813.155 72; reinsurance pro
r&:a 1.017,983 C 7
AU ether Liabilities 202,948 51
Tctal Liabilities t2.513.355 88
INCOME. ~ ~~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,479,964 03
Received fcr interest and dividends
en Bonds. Stocis. Loans an 3
frcrn all ether sources 100,676 28
Received fcr Rents V.OOO 00
P.ecelved frcm Home Office 1,155,9e0 09
Total Income $3,723,600 40
EXPENDITURES. "
Set amount paid for Fire Loeses
«!nclud'.ng $247,184 79, loeses of
previous years) $1,877.334 08
Pail or allowed fcr Cosnmiislon or
Brokerage 400,629 27
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 151,130 48
Paid fcr State, National and Local
taxes 73.907 53
Ail ctier payment* and expendi-
tures 617,017 00
Total Expenditures $3.120.218 34
Fire.
Lostea Incurred gnrtng *J-.» year...51.557.321 55
Risks and Premiums. \ Fire RUks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks! I
written - during the) j
year $323,705,178 $3. 654.259 16
Net amount of Risks i i
expired during the, I
year J 275,760,655 3.267,253 60
Net amount in force; j
December 81. 10C4..' 345.255.516! 3,910,096 S3
GEORGE W. BABB. Attorney.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26th
day cf January, 1&05.
EDWIN F. COREY,
Commissioner for California In New York.
C. H. LERMIT.
Manager Western Department.
MOXADXOCK BLOCK. CHICAGO. ILL.
SAX FRAXCISCO OFFICEt
540 MERCHAXTS' EXCHAXGE BLDC
FRAX'K L. lIUXTER. Resident Manajtrer.
Phone Bosh IS.
AHPEL & BRUCKMAX. City Agent*.
200 SAXSOME ST, SAX FRAXCISCO.
Phone Main "SI.
STATEMEXT
OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STAXDARD MARIX'E IXSURAXCE
COMPAXY
OF LIVERPOOL IN ENGLAND. ON THE
I SIST DAY OF DECESfBER. A. D. 1904. AND
! FOR THE YEAR ENDING ON THAT DAY,
!A8 MADE TO THE INSURANCE COMMIS-
SIONER OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF SEC-
TIONS 610 AND 611 OF THE POLITICAL
CODE CONDENSED AS PER BLANK FUR-
NISHED BY THE COMMISSIONER.
CAPITAL.
Amount Capital Stock, paid up
In Caeh $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bor.es owned by Company.sl,SSs,l42 CO
Cash *.n Banks 155.553 00
Interest due and accrued oa all
Stock* and Loans 20,349 00
Premiums in due Coarse of Col-
lection 133,03300
Bills receivable. " not matured,
taken for Fire aad Marine Risks. S.S2I 00
Policy stamps on hand 826 00
Total Assets $1.595,628 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid }
Losses in process cf Adjustment
cr in Suspense $114.150 00
Losses resisted, including ex-
j penses (
Grcss premiums on Marine and
! Ir.lar.d Navigation Risks. $ ;
j relr.sure.nce 100 per cent V 66.450 00
Grow premiums on Marine Time
Risks. $ ; relasurance 50 per
ctnt ••• -.
Total Liabilities $210,630 00
INCOME. "
N*t cash actually received for
Marine premiums $512,223 00
Received for interest and dividends
or. Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other Bources 54.930 00
Total Income $567,155 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid fcr Marine
Losses • $270.320 00
Dividends to Stockholders €2,500 00
All other payments and expendi-
tures 57,595 00
Total Expenditures $390,415 00
Marine. ~~
Lasses incurred during the year.... $252, 070 09
Marine
Ricks and Premiums. Ricks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risk?
written daring the
year $72,2*3,400 $512,223
Ket amount of Risks
expired during the
year 74.432,903 553.453
Net amount In force
December 51. 19CH.. 5.596.755 96.450
JOHN WILLIAMSON. President.
JOHN GICK, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, thla
Cth day of February. 1903.
"W. J. SULIS.
Deputy United Etates Ccnsyl at Liverpool.
J. D. SPRI3CKELS & BROS. CO-
General A sent*.
J. B. F. DAVIS A SOX. Managers.
215 SAXSOME STREET.
Sab Francisco. CaL
STATEMEXT
OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THB
RHTXE AND MOSELLE FIRE IXSUR-
AXCE COMPAXY
OF STRASBURG. IN GERMANY, ON THE
31ST DAY OF DECEMBER, A. D. 1904, AND
FOR THE YEAR ENDING ON THAT DAY.
AS MADE TO THE INSURANCE COMMIS-
SIONER OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF SEC-
TIONS ClO AND €11. OF THE POLITICAL
CODE. CONDENSED AS PER BLANK FUR-
NISHED BY THE COMMISSIONER.
' • - CAPITAL.
Amount cf Capital Stock paid op
In Cash $600.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... $300,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 222,550 00
Cash Market Value of all Stock*
and Bonds owned by Company.. 771,000 00
Carh In Company's Office ..... 3,433 83
Ca*h in Banks 133,774 25
Interest dne and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 10,894 64
Interest doe and accrued on Bonds
and. Mortgages -••"'.•" 1.C05 84
Tw m i nl ss In due Course of Collec-
tion 28.341 SS
Rents due and accrued 2.&50 S3
Due frora otfeer Comuanies for re-
insurance oa losses already paid. 101,734 57
Total Asset* $1,575,915 58
LIABILITIES. ~~~
Tosses adjusted and unpaid $15,674 6G
£S m orocesa of Adjustment or
in Suspense 34.019 56
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 4.401 18
nross aremiums on Fire Risks run-
nlns one year or less. $398.-
214 ti' reinsurance 50 per cent.. 199. CC7 27
Grcss premiums oa Fire Risks nro-
THE SAM FKAiNCISCO-CALL/ FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, IUUS.
! IXSURAXCE— Continued.
i - - \u25a0
nlng mere than one year, $58,-
55t> 26; reinsurance pro rata 32.592 73
All other Liabilities ; 83.110 97
! Total Liabilities $372.736 57
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $433,153 14
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 9,023 04
Received for interest and dividends
en Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
frcm all other sources 34.27S 36
Received for Rents 17,554 39
Received from all other source*... -17.557 33
Total Income _$513.5»6 15
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount raid for Fire Losses
Cpcludin? $19,549 S5 losses of
previous years) $239,923 77
Dividends to Stockholders 70,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
cr Brokerage .* 62.272 81
Paid for Salaries Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 45,826 13
Pal-i for State. National and Lo-
cal taxes 17.73142
All other payments and .expendi-
tures 40,974 66
Tctal Expenditures t $519,778 79
Flr».
Losses incurred during the year $267,617 98
Ricks aad Premiums. | Fire Risks. (Premiums.
Net amount of Risks I
written during the
year ..<. $466,313,290 $610,390 70
Net amount of Risks
expired - during the
year 471.897.497 €25.790 94
Net amount in force
December 31, 1904 412.971,243 457. H0 80
JULES SCHALLER. President.
A. POIZAT. Secretary. »
Subscribed and swern to before ma, this Cth
day of April, 1903.
JOSEPH L BRTTTAIN.
U. S. Consul in Kehl. Baden, Germany.
SVZ A CO- General Axenta.
SOS CALIFORXIA STREET.
TJXITED STATES BRAXCH.
STATEMEXT
OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THB
HELVETIA SWISS FIRE IXSrRAX.CE
COMPAXY
OF ST. GALL. IN SWITZERLAND. ON THB
81ST DAY OF DECEMBER, A. D. 1904, AND
FOR THE YEAR ENDING OS THAT DAY.
AS MADE TO THE INSURANCE COMMIS-
SIONER OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF SEC-
TIONS 610 AND 611 OF THE POLITICAL
CODE CONDENSED AS PER BLANK FUR-
NISHED BY THE COMMISSIONER.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bends owned by C0mpany.... 5591,395 00
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4.853 33
Total Assets $596,373 S3
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid.......]'
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense $3,390 50
Losses resisted, including ex-
penses ,
Gross premiums on Fire Risk*
running one year or le*s, $ ; !
reinsurance 50 per cent... 8,623 64
Gross premiums oa Fire Risks
running more than ona year,
$ : reinsurance pro rata.....
Total Liabilities $7,014 14
INCOME.
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stock*. Loans and from
all other sources « $19.615 17
Profit on eale or maturity of Ledger
Aeseis 210 00
Received from Home Offlce I,€S9 »5
Total Income $21,513 13
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $30 50, losses of previ-
ous yearr) $2,161 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 930 91
Paid for Salaries Fee* and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 999 P9
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes .. 2000
Remitted to Horns Offlce 23.546 &0
All other Expenditures gss 96
ToUl Expenditures $25,947 69
Fire.
Loeses incurred daring the year...... 51,130 50
Risks and Premiums (Fire Risks. |Premiums.
Net amount of RlsTt*
expired during the
year $535,221 $15,97145
Net amount in force
December SL 1904 1,450,877 19,153 25
EAMUEL R. WEED, of Weed A Kennedy,
U. 8. Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this Ist
day of February, 1905.
F. FISHBECK. Notary Public.
STZ <£ CO.. General Acents,
303 CALIFORXIA STREET.
rXITED STATES BRAXCH.
STATEMEXT .
OF THE CONDITION AN^> AFFAIRS i
OF THB I
ROTAL IXSURAXCE COMPAXY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND (UNITED '
STATES BRANCH). ON THB SIST DAY OF
DECEMBER A. D. 1904. AND FOR THE
YEAR ENDING ON THAT DAY. AS MADE
TO THE INSURANCE COMMISSIONER OF
THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA. PURSUANT
TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTIONS 610
AND 611 OF THB POLITICAL CODE. CON-
DENSED AS PER BLANK FURNISHED BY
THE COMMISSIONER:
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. .$2,576,909 63
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 620,000 00 '
Casb Market Value of all Stocks
and Bond* owned by Company. . 4,208.632 18
Cash in Company's Office 7,118 19
Cash In Banks 413,203 03
Interest due and accrued on alt j
Stocks and Loans 46,02515
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 2.3U 25
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 513.0345S
1 Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
lor Fire and Marine Rlaks .... 2.153 34 '
Rents due and accrued 11.522 Cl
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 45.529 59
Amount receivable under perpetual
policies 9937
Total Assets $5,430,822 97
Liabilities.
Lceaes adjusted and unpaid ...... $50,65217
Losses in process o* Adjustment or
in Suspense 293.26S S3
Losces resisted, including expenses. 56.25S 00
Grcss premiums on Fire Risks, run-
nlnjr one year or less. $3.£03,-
96G 82: reinsurance 60 per cent... 1,751,953 46
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $5,234,-
217 25; reinsurance pro rata,. 2,751.451 52
Ail other Liabilities 420.759 72
Total Liabilities • .J15.354.353 72
INCOME. '
Net earn actually received for Fire
premiums .$5,259,040 SI
Received tor interest on Bonds and
Mortgages -- 11,193 50
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 186,043 10
Received for Rents 178.070 12
Reoevled from Home Otflce 1.059.293 23
Received from all other sources.... 6,637 75
Total Income ......$6,730.254&9
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
chiding $474,600 29, losses of pre^- .
vlous years) $3,369,20016
Remitted to Home Office 1,486,179 18
, Paid or allowed for Commission or '
Brokerage 855.543 4S
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks,- etc... £95,633 02
! Paid for State, National and Lo-
cU Taxes 188.2452S
All other payments and expendi-
tures 453.30543
Total expenditures $6,603,10960
Losses Incurred during the year... 53,329.341 04
Rteka fc Prcrcluras.t Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of
Risks written dur-
ing the year ....$715,492,163 57 $7,633,341 43
Net amount of .
Risks expired dur-
ing the year .... 678,320,476 92 7.167,10012
Net amount in force • \u25a0 .. ..-..•\u25a0 s ;
Dsoember 81. 1904 832,865.000 23 8,733.134 17
Subscribed and sworn to beCore me, this I
IXSURAXCE — Continued.
~-£ — —
25th day of January. 1905.
EDMUND HARVEY. Notary Public
EDWARD F. BEDDALL. U. S. Attorney.
PACIFIC DEPARTMEXTj
Royal Buildlnfr. Cor. Pine and Sansome
Streets. San Francisco, CaL
ROLLA V. WATT Manager.
JXO; T. FOGARTY..A«aisrtant Manager
F. B. KELLAM... Branch Secretary
JXO. R. HILLMAX
Superintendent Local Pept.
STATEMEXT
OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS "
OF THE
ALLIAXCE IXSURAXCE CORPORA-
TIOX, LD.
ALLIAXZ VERSICHERUXGS-AOTTEX
GESELLSCHAFT
OF BERLIN. IN GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
DAY OF DECEMBER. A. D. 1904. AND FOR
THB YEAR ENDING O^ THAT DAY. AS
MADE TO THE INSURANCE COMMIS-
SIONER OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF SEC- ,
TIOXS 610 AND 611 OF THE POLITICAL i
CODE, CONDENSED AS PER BLANK FUR-
NISHED BY THE COMMISSIONER.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
in Cash $230.00000
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. . . $559,944 W
Loans on Bond* and Mortgages.... 143,000 00
Caoh Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by the Com-
pany 732.52S 70
Cash in Company's Offlce 3,923 IS
Cash in Banks 616,260 29
Interest due and accrued en all
: Stocks and Leans and Interest
due and accrued on Bonds and
Mortgages 4,596 98
Premiums In due course of Collec-
tion 849.22106
Total Aesets ....$3.810,374 85
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense $760,657 32
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run- •
nlng one year or lets, reinsurance-
60 per cent; and Gross Premiums
on Fire Risks running more than \u25a0
one year, reinsurance pro rata. . 173,411 64
Gross Premiums on Marino and In-
land Navigation Risks, reinsur-
ance 100 per cent; and Gross Pre-
miums on Marine Time Risks,
reinsurance 50 per cent 448,i5094
Liabilities under Life or any other
Special Department 463,43101
AU Other LlablUtie* 71.207 26
Total Liabi1itie5... ...... .^...51.917,517 07
INCOME. ~
Net Cash, actually received for Fire
Premiums $1,093.122 54
Net Ca«h actually received for Ma- .
line Premiums 1,098.172 50
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 5.550C0
Received for Interest and Dividend*
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
All Other Sources 48,082 79
Received for Rents IS.-SO 3 47
Received from all Other Sources... 26,316 70
Total Income.. .$2.257,353 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.. $543,466 44
Net amount paid for Marine Losses 603,010 53
Dividends to Stockholders 55,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commlsolons or
Brokerage; and paid for Salaries,
Fee* and other charges for offi-
cers, clerk*, etc 683,058 64
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes • 8.332 24
All Other Payments and Expendl- J^'iL
tures 60,59995
Total Expenditures $1.780,465 S2
Risks and Premium*.! Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
written during the!
yeir '$172,033,695 $433,529 08
Net amount of Risks —
expired during the
year 191.062.855 419,173 63
Net amount in force
December 81. 1904.... 61.712.497 173.411 64
Risks and Premiums Marine Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $414,406,933 $3.273,50S 57
Net amount of Ricks
expired during the
year 815,793,515 2.559,586 61
Net amount in force
December 31, 1904 51,202,873 .373,750 94
PATJL SZELIXSKI. President.
MARCUS MAUEL. Secretary. >,
Subscribed and sworn to before me.
this 2Stn day of April, 1905.
WM. F. WEIGHT.
United States Consul General at Munich.
GUTTE A FRAXK. General A cents.
303 CALIFORXIA STREET.
San Francisco. CaL
STATEMEXT
OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
WILHELMA GEXERAL IXSURAXCE
COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG.* IN PRUSSIA, ON THE
31ST DAY OF DECEMBER. A. D. 1904, AND
for the year ending on, that day,
as made to the insurance commis-
sioner of the state of california,
pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the political
code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished BY THE COMMISSIONER.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid
up in Cash $750.000 00
ASSETS. ~~~ ~~~
Real Estate owned by Company.. s 1.229.255 78
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 13,720,263 73
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 64,433 42
Cash In Company's Offlce S2.CSO 47
Cash in Banks 123.772 07
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans - 9,372 06
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection JW.964 71
Due from other Companies ;.. 26,455 09
Loans on Life and Accident Poli-
cies 841.04S 42
Bonds of our department against
loss in exchange 64,516 00
Other Assets — 14,007 00
Total Assets 116,355.668 SO
LIABILITIES. ~~
Loese* in process of Adjustment
• or in Suspense $ 74,395 50
Gross premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks, rein-
surance 100 per cent; gross
premiums on Marine Time
Risks, reinsurance 50 per cent.. 50.567 26
Liabilities of life or other spe-
cial departments ..*.. 14,999.763 64
Due to other companies for re-
insurances 9,469 64
Total Liabilities $}5,134,195 94
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums ....$ 807,033 51
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 561,093 57
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 47,694 90
Received fcr Rents » 03,733 23
Income of Life and other depart- 1
ments 15,760.070 45
Total Income •••\u25a0$16,729,625 6«
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid fcr Marino
Losses i .....•- $ • 262.935 22
Paid or allowed for Commission
cr Brokerage 35,457 5S
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 35,742 65
AH other payments and expendi-
tures (Life and other Depart-
ments) .... • 15.780,242 33
Total Expenditures .......... $ie.1i4,377~83
/ Marine.
Loesea incurred during the year.. $262,935 22
Risks and Premiums-lMarlne Risks.) Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ;
written - during the .
year •• $ 182, 293, 853 $37?, 60S 43
Net amount of Risks
expired during the .;
year ...*.... ;...".. i 193.049,655 371,364 21
Net amount la force
December 31. 1904.} 4,893,635 50,567 27
MAX R OTHER, Manager.
MAX RIEDEL, Actlni? Secretary. I
Subscribed and svrom to before me,
tbU 14th day of Julr. 100,"?.
JAMES L. A. BURRELL,,:
DeputT U. S. Consul.
GUTTE * FRAXK. General Affent*. \u25a0
303 CALIFORXIA STREET.
Sam Francisco.. Cal.
IX S UR AX CE— •ConttnnedL.
UXITED STATES BRAXCH
STATEMEXT
OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
TRAXSATLAXTIC FIRE IXSURAXCE
COMPAXY
OF HAMBURG. IN GERMANY. ON
THE 81ST DAY OF DECEMBER. A.
D. 1904. AND FOR THE YEAR ENDING
ON THAT DAY. A3 MADE TO THE IN-
SURANCE COMMISSIONER OF THE STATE
OK CALIFORNIA. PURSUANT TO THE
PROVISIONS OF SECTIONS 610 AND 611
OF THE POLITICAL CODE. CONDENSED
AS PER BLANK FURNISHED BY THE
COMMISSIONER.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Valua of alt Stocks
and Bonds owned by C0mpany.. 5437,585 00
Cash in Company's Office v *v..... 673 B«
Cash in Banks 26,233 75
Interest' dua and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4, EOS 33
Premiums in Due Course of Collec-
tion C 3.391 42
Certificates or DeDOftlt in hands of
U. S. D. 60.000 00
Total Assets ..$642.392 48
LIABILITIES.
Loises adjusted and unpaid \u0084.. 2,833 23
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 6.819 60
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 6,558 M
Grots creniluma on Fire Risks rtxn-
nlmr one year or less, $294,-
822 32; reinsurance 60 per cent.... 132,411 18
Grois premiums on Fire Rlaks run-
ning more than one year. $247,- - .
553 65; reinsurance pro rata .... 140,510 50
ToUl Liabilities ..$290,735 57
INCOME. '
Ket cash actually received for Fire
premium* $361,002 89
Received for interest and dividend*
on Bends. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 18.061 67
Total Income ...... ............ .$377,063 43
EXPENDITURES. ~ ~™
Net amount said for Fire Losses
(Including $5.429 04, losses of pre-
vious years) $153,403 33
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 81.852 SI
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for ; officers, clerks, etc.. 23,392 74
Paid for State, National, and Local
taxes 4.867 20
Remitted to Home Office C 3.982 68
AU other Expenditures ............. 40,324 S3
Total Expenditures ..~_.._... 5379,957 97
Fire.""
Losses incurred during the year.... 5157, 469 58
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. | Premiums
Net amount of Rlskaj
written durln* thai
year \u0084 $35,438,622 $314,988 SO
Net amount of Rl.»ks
expired durinjr the
year 24.403.449 871.&61 28
Net amount In force
December 31. 1904.. 35.503,114 512.375 6T
LEO A. LOEB, Asst. U. B. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
Bth day of February. 1905.
MARK A. FOOTE. .
Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMEXTi
V. CARUS DRIFFIELD. .Mflnac".
U. DAXKER. Assistant Manaeer.
221 SAXSOME STREET.
San Franciaco. Cal.
rXITED STATES BRAXCH.
STATEMEXT
OF THE CONDITION AND AJTAIRS
OF THE
LIVERPOOL AND L(JM)OX AXD
GLOBE IXSURAXCE COMPAXY
OF LIVERPOOL. IN ENGLAND. ON THE ''
SIST DAY Op DECEMBER. A. D. 1904. AND
FOR THE YEAR ENDING ON THAT DAY.
AS MADE TO THE- INSURANCE COMMIS-
SIONER OF THE STATE- OF CALIFORNIA.
PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF SEC-
TIONS 610 AND 811 OF THE POLITICAL
CODE. CONDENSED AS PER BLANK FUR-
NISHED BY THE COMMISSIONER.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. .$1,857,349 69
Loans on Bond* and Mortgages.... 3.515.450 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 4.232.291 25
Cash in Company's office 4,027 70
Cash in Banks 1.331,738 T2
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 15S 90
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages .. 33,155 S7
Premiums in due Courss of Col-
lection .'1.818.120 00
Rents due and accrued 10,140 SO
Perpetual Policy Premiums 7 50
Total Assets $12,107,898 43
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $823 10
Loeses in process of Adjustment or
in Sti6Decse 627.750 12
Losses resisted, including expenses 87,790 00
Groes premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine ona year or less, $5,255,-
65S 78; reinsurance 50 per cent 2,642,779 83
Gross premiums dn Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $3,772,-
577 C 5; reinsurance pro rata.... 3,124,595 SS
Amount reclalmable by Insured on
pepetual fire policies 2e9,754 68
AU other Liabilities 854.533 33
Total Liabilities .j7.035.506 47
INCOME.
Net ca«h actually received for Firs
premiums ....56.974.16S 30
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 160.733 7S
Received fcr interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources ........ 154.858 IS
Received for Rents 97.974 27
Received from all other sources.. 423,448 92
Total Income $7,813.715 45
EXPENDITURES. "*
Net amount raid for Fire Losses
(Including $553.055 94, losses of
previous years) $4,923,253 27
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 1,332,859 68
Paid for Salaries Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 590.950 67
Paid for State, National, and Local
taxes 223.03093
All other payments and expendi-
tures 953,79368
Total Expenditure* ~. ..j7.830.C25 a
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year.. 54,793.240 S5
Risks and Premiuma.| Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risfcsl 1
written during the]
year. 7. ... $1,018,406,051 $11,068,077 63
Net amount of Risks
\expired during the
year rt 035,239,004 10.295.e52 17
Net amount In force
December 31. 1904 1,025,947.033 11.055.135 SI
HENRY W. EATON. U. S. Manager
GEORGE W. HOYT, Deputy U. S. Mgr.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 25th
day of January. 1905.
\V- H. WILDEY. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMEXT:
422 California Street. San Francisco.
CHARLES D. HAVEX.
Resident Secretary.
C. MAS OX KIXXE.
.Assistant Secretary.
UXTTED STATES BRAXCH.
STATEMEXT
OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
LOXDOX GUARANTEE AXD ACCI-
j| ; : DEXT COMPAXY
OF LONDON. IN ENGLAND. ON .THE 31 ST
DAY OF DECEMBER, A. D. 1904. AND FOR
THE YEAR ENDING ON THAT DAY. AS
MADE TO THE INSURANCE COMMIS-
SIOVER OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF SEC-
TIONS 610 AND 611 OF THE POLITICAL
CODE. CONDENSED AS PER BLANK FUR-
NISHED BY THE COMMISSIONER-
ASSETS.
Cash -Market .Value of all Stocks _
and Bonds owned by C0mpany.. 51,243, 577 81
Cash in Company's Office.... 6,938 00
Cash in 8ank5...... 152.000 00
Interest due and accrued oa
Bonds 14.465 34
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lectioa - • 229.558 33
Total Assets .$1.648.838 S3
. LIABILITIES. ~
Dosses In process of Adjustment \u25a0\u25a0 _ .
or in Suspense.. $16,515 99
Losses resisted, ineludins ex- IT v_" \u25a0'-
- penses ...;.....••-••-•.• *-,537 18;
Gross Bremiums oa Risks running
55 .5569.935 69; re :
IXSLTtAXCE — Continned
insurance 50 per cent 434,967 84
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year. $32.920 13;
reinsurance pro rata 21,677 44
Special Reserve for unpaid losses. 420,925 00
Commissions acd Brokerage dua
and to become flue." 63,211 02
Contingent reserve 150.000 0O
All other Liabilities 29,349 28
Total Liabilities .$1.156,753 71
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre-
- miums $1,133,734 07
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans
and from all other sources 43.553 23
Total Income $1,197,147 3O
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses $430,437 19
Dividends to Stockholders 44.113 80
Paid cr allowed tot Commission
or Brokerage 300,457 29
Paid for Salaries Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 50.315 27
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 15.742 29
All other payments and expend-
itures 201.625 SO
Total Expenditures .$1.054,711 33
Losses Incurred flaring tha yeax $430.457 19
A. W. MASTERS.
United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d
day of February, 1905. _^ \u0084
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Public
E. C. LAXDIS. General Ajcent.
\u25a041G-41S CALIFORXIA STREET.
San Francisco. Cal.
STUTTERIXG AXP STAMMERIXG.
NORCROS3 Institute cure* stammering: new.
scientific, complete. Offlce. Market A Taylor.
CARDS AXD IXVITATIOXS.
Engrave-1 wedding invitations, visiting A busi-
ness cards, crests, etc.; high-class work; mod-
erate ratts. J. H. Duncan. 128 Kearny.ra.l-..
MARRIAGE LICEXSES.
The following marrlaxs licenses wer« issued
yesterday:
Mark Markovlch. 38, 170 Shipley street, and
Kate Draxoje, 27. 115 John street.
Harley D. Drake. 23, Berkeley, and Lillian
Swift. 22, Salt Lake.
Fred O. Johnson. 23, 441 Geary street, and
Ida C. Johnson, 23. 1119 Sutter street.
Paul Mecchi. 26. 11 Filbert place, and
Annie Cassero, 22, 1428 Dupont street.
Andrew Akacic, 25. 1329 Mason *treet, and
Luce Serkavic. 18. 7SO Stevenson street.
Julius Witt. 43. 4153 Twentieth street, and
Anna Knippenberr, 33, 581 Waller street.
Ferdinand P. Schreiber. 43, Oakland, and
Johanna E. M. D. Danziger, -26, Berlin.
Cart Lelss, 27, 253 Jersey street, and Bertha
Hagler, 17, 255 Jersey street.
William D. Luckett. 39. King City, and
Lizzie Gottschalk, 22, King City.
Clemens Diete, 21. Haywards, and Minnie
Rupprlcht, 21, Haywards.
Joseph E. Huy, 29, Nevada City, aad Cell*
A. WUd. 24. 662 Hayes street.
Arnold M. Jensen. 25. Fresno, and Adellna
J. Graefenecker, 20. city.
Walter C. Watrous, 34, city, and Lcella E.
Coveney, 87, Buffalo. N. Y.
BIRTHS— MABRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the earn* published.
Notices restricted simply to the anouncement
. of the event are published once in this column.
free of charge.
MARRIED.
WITT— KNIPPENBERG— In thla city, Decem-
ber 14. 1903, by the Rev. Paul Branke. Julius
Witt and Anna Knippenberg. both of this
city. j
DIED.
Augustscn, Mary. 33 McMahon. Jaa. A.. 40
Avanzino, George, SO Mohr, John C. C, 53
Balrd, John Rush, 23 Morarlty, Mary E., 33
Beach, Adelbert, SO Nlecsen, Anna, 73
Bender, Catherine, 53 Popper, Joseph L., 28
Brereton, John, 51 Powers. Ada M.
Brincatt. Salvo 8., 69 Quinn. William J.. 44
Burns, Edward W., S3 Reedy, Elizabeth, S6
Carlson. Emll. 16 Rhode, Frank, 65
Casebolt, Susan R.,87 Rocae, WUllara P.. 22
Dallam. Joseph S., 57 Rucker, Dr. H. N., 61
Egaa, Owen. 56 Sacnderson, David. 77
Fratessa. Paul, 2 moa Schlermann. Justlna,Sl
Hatheway, Mamie, 23 Shackletoo, Christiana
Kullmann, Slmcn, 63 Barbera, 70
Lamerdln, Ellse, 63 Waaland. Randolph.l 9
Lohmann, Jacob, 66 Walsh. James, SS
Lucas, Minnie. 33 Waschle. Elsie. 39
Lunsmann, Emma. 1 Wllklns, Joha G.. 83
McDonald.Sarah A.,78
AUGUHTSON— In Oakland, December 13, 1005,
Mary, beloved wife of Charles Auguscson.
and sister of Owen Malarke, a native of Eng-
land, axed 38 years.
AVANZINO— In this city, December 14. 1903.
George Avanzino, dearly beloved husband of
Louisa Avanzino, beloved son of Antonio and
Teresa Avanzino, and brother cf Louis,
David. Henry, Bastlste, Joha. Lena and
Edith Avanzino and Mrs. K. Antoninl and
Mra. M. Capurro, a native of San Francisco,
aged 30 years 8 months and 20 days.
C7Friend3 and acquaintances axe respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
on Sunday, December 17, at 1 p. in., from
the residence of his parents, 703 Green street,
thence to Sts. Peter and Paul's Italian
Church, corner Filbert and Dupont streets,
for benediction, thence to cemetery.
BAIRD— In this city, December 12. 1905, John
Rush Balrd. beloved son of Veronica C. and
the late Captain John H. Balrd, a native of
- San Francisco, aged 2S years 4 months and
12 days.
E7Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
. Friday. December 15, at* 2 o'clock p. m., at
2313 Pacific avenue. Interment private.
BEACH— In this city. December 13. 1005,
Adelbert Beach, beloved husband of Virginia
Beach, a native o* Wisconsin, aged S3 years
S months and 11 days. A member of Court
El Dorado No. 31, F. of A., and Pohcnachea
Tribe No. 10. L O. R. M.
itTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the funeral parlors of the H. F. Maass
Company, -917 Mission street, near Fifth.
BENDER — In this city, December 14, 1903,
Catherine Martha Bender, beloved wife of
the lato Frederick Bender, and dearly be- ,
loved mother of William F. and Frederick
P. Bender, and sister of William J. Tamra
and Mra. H. Osterloeh. a native cf Otten-
dorff. Hanover, Germany, aged C-5 years 11
months and 7 days.
BRERETON— In this city, December 14, 1903,
John Brereton. a native of Kings County,
Ireland, aged 51 years and 7 months.
BRINCATT— In this city. December 14. 1905.
Salvo B. Brincatt, deariy beloved husband of
Joanna Brincatt. and devoted father of
Kittle and Joi-.ri Brincatt. a native of Va-
letta. Island of Malta, axed 69 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock: a. m., from his
late residence. 1026 Potrero avenue, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, thence to
St. Peter's Church, Alabama street, near
Twenty-fourth, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repeco
of hli soul, commencing at 8 o'clock a. ia.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
BURNS — In this city. December 12. lOCS. Ed-
ward W.. dearly beloved husband of Kitty
Burns, rather of Ruth Burns, bntlwr of
Annie. Margaret. Moilie. Bessie. Andrew and
Jcacrii Burns, aad sen of Bridget and U»
late Andrew Burns, a native of San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. aged 35 years 11 months and 6
days. A member of El Dorado Parlor No
6«. N. S. G. W. \u0084 !
CT Friends and' acqualntanses are respect- j
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st., crccsite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
. Funeral Directors and Ensbalnien —
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
NOW AT Se6 MISSION. TeL South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. Henry Hansan.
JAMES MCGINN A CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Embalmars-—
• 214 Eddy St. Tel East 86.
WOODLAWN CEMETERY.
: ' . .' - Eaa Mateo County.
UASOXIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION.
«SB.Jam«a Flsod Building. S. F,
fully invite* to attend the funeral. Friday,
December 13, 1905, at 9 o'clock a. ra.. froaa
hl 3 late residence. 1333 Clay street, thence
to St. Brtdsefs Church, where, a requiem,
high mass will be celebrated for tie r8DO»»
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a-m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
El Dorado Parlor No. 32. N. S. G. W;—
Officers and members are hereby notified
to attend tba funeral of our lata brother.
B. W. Burns, from his late residence, 1333
Clay street, Friday. December 15, at 9 a. m.
HENRY BOB.TFELD. PresUsat.
J. W. KEEGAN. Rec. Sec-
CARLSON— Ia this city. December 14 19C3.
Emll Carlson, dearly beloved son of Charles
E and Karla Carlson, and brother of Jesepn,
David and Beda Carlson, a natlT» of Chicago,
111., aged 18 years- and 27 days.
C\SEBOLT— In this city, December 13. 1903.
Susan R . widow of th» late Henry Case-
bolt, and mother ot George T.. J. D. and
Henrietta Casebolt, Mrs. Thomas' O- Taytor.
Mrs E. A. Edwards and Mrs. F. H. Daila.
a nktive of Virginia, aged 87 years aad »
' xaont&s.
C 7 Interment prlrate.
DALLAM— In this city. December 13. 1303. at
his residence. 239« Howard street, corner
Twenty-aeccnd. Joseph Swaini. dearly be-
loved husband of Salia K. DalUm. and de-
voted father of Alta and the late Chanes
Dallam, a native of niincls. aged 37 years
and 24 days. A member of Yuba Lod*a No.
S> F asd A. M. : Washington Chapter No. 13.
R," A. M.. and MarysrUl« Ccmaaadery No.
7 X T.
"CT'Friends and aco.^alatanc«» sr» respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral to-day
(Friday). December 13, at 2 p. el. from Ma-
sonic Temple, corner Post aad Montgomery
streets, where services will b« helS under
the auspices of.Pastflo Lodre No. 138. F. and
A. M. Interment Mouat Olivet Cemetery, by
S:3O c. in. train from Third and Ta<wnsea<l
streets. .
EGAN— In this city. December 14. 1903. Owen.
beloved husband of the. lat» Brld«t Egaa.
and father of Mrs. John M. Hcgaa. a aativ*
of Castle Greffory, Csunty Kerry, Ireland,
ajred 58 years.
FRATESSA— In this city. December 14. 1905,
at the residence of his Barents, 879 Berlin
\u25a0treet. Paul F. W. Fratesaa. dearly beloved
and infant soa of Paul F. and Julia M. Fra-
tesea, a native of Saa Francisco, aged -
months and 10 days.
HATHEWAY— Ia Manila. June 8. 1905.
Mamla. wife, of E. L. Hatheway. mother of
Leonard Hatheway, daughter of the lat»
Mathew and Klea Cleary, sister cf J. M..
Vf. M.. T. H. and the late Edward Cleary
and Mrs. H. C. Smith of Belmcnt, and nleca
of Mr*. William English of Vallejo. Cal.. a
native of Virginia City, Nev.. aged 23 year*
and 3 months.
CTTha funeral will taka place Sunday.
December 17. at 1 o'clock p. m., from th«
parlors of Carew A English, 23 Van Ncsa
avenue, thenca to St. Ipnatlus Church fcr
services. Interment private. Holy Crca*
Cemetery.
KULLMANN— Ia this city, December 14. 1905.
Simon Kullmann. beloved father of Jules and
Leonard Kullmann. a native of Alsace. Ger-
many, a?ed 65 years.
ET Notice of funeral hereafter.
LAMERDIN — In this city, December 12. 19C3.
Ellse. dearly beloved wifa cf F. A, Lamer-
din,' and mother of August, Emil, Edward
and Carl Lamerdln, a native of Neuwled-
on-Rhine. Germany, aged 63 years 11 months
and 29 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral services
to-mcrrow' (Saturday). December 16, at li>
o'clock a. ia.. st th« parlors of E. Castag-
r.etto & Co.. 643-43 Vallejo street, thence t»
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LOHMANN— Ia this city. December 13, 1905.
at hla residence. 3168 Sixteenth street. Jacob
Lohmann. beloved father of Anna, Theodora
and Diedrlch Lohmann, a native or Germany,
aged 6U years 3 months aad 28 days. A mem-
ber of the Norddeutscher Verein.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
December 16. at 1 :30 o'clock p. m.. from St.
•Paulus German Lutheran Church, corner of
Gough and Eddy streets, where services will
be held. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery,
by eiectrie funeral car from the corner of
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Remains
at the oarlors cf H. P. Petersen A Ca, 2ZS
McAllister street.
.LUCAS— Ia this city, December 12, 1905.
Minnie, dearly beloved wife of Frank J.
Lucas, mother of Mabel, Evelya, Frank.
Alice and Thcznas Lucas, and sister cf
Mathew Madican. Mrs. W. J. Floyd and
Mrs. Charles M. Lucas, a native ot County
Limerick. Ireland, aged 33 years 11 months
and 27 days.
ETTrlends aad acquaintances aro respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from her lat*
residence. SC63 Seventeenth street, thence- to
St. Charles Borronseo's Church far services
at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LUNSMANN— In this city. December 14. 19C3,
F^itp-^ Edith, youngest and * beloved child
of J. F. and Gerhardine Lunsmann, a nativo
cf Saa Francisco, ajred 1 year 2 months and
12 days.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday). December 16. at 10:30 a. in..
from the residence of the parents. IMS
Folscra street, between Sixth and Seventh.
Interment private.
McDONALD— In this city. December 11. 1903.
Sarah Ann, beloved wife of A. R. McDonald.
a native of Dexter, Ale., aged 78 years 2
months and 23 days.
C^Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services Friday, at 1 p. ia..
at her late residence, 2424 Pine street. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Officers and members at California Re-
bekah Lodge No. 1 ara. requested to attend
the funeral of cur late sister. Mrs. Sarah
Ann McDonald, to-day (Friday), at 1 O'clock
p. a., from 2424 Pine street.
EMMA HYMAN. N. G. .
McMAHON— In this city. December 13. 1903.
James A., dearly beloved husband of Mary
E. McMahon. and loving father of Mary E.
and Jaxaes A. McMahon Jr.. and sen of Cath-
erine and the lata Bernard McMabcn. and.
brother cf William J. acd Edward B. Mo-
Uahon. a native cf Massachusetts, axed 40
years t> months and 9 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are r«9pect«
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 9 o'clock a. m.. from, the parlors of Porter
& White, 443 Gclden Gate avenue. tKence t»
St. Charles Borroxseo's Church, corner of
Eighteenth and Shot well streets, wherv a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for th«
repose of hts soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, via the elec-
tric funeral car frora Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets.
MOHR— la Livermcre. December 13, 1305. Joha
Claus Christian, beloved husband of Maria
Mohf, and father of Jchn. William. Annie.
Herman and the late Marie Kohlks. aged 39
years and 6 months.
C7"Frlen<Js and acquaintances are Invited
to attend the funeral services la L O. O. F.
Hall, at 2 p. in.. Friday. December 15. Cre-
mation at Oakland at 11 a. m. Saturday.
MORIARTY — la Oakland. December 14, 1303.
Mary E. Moriarty. beloved wife of Louis
W. Msrlarty. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. T.
Heverln. and sister cf Rev. Thomas T..
Margaret and Te*sle Heverln and Mrs. R.
E. Maddern. a native of Pittsburg. Pa., aged
3S years.
NIESSEN— At rest, in this city. December U.
1905, Anna, beloved wire of the late Joha
Niessen. a native of Germany, axed 73 yean*
and 9 months.
C3"Friends aad acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
< Saturday). December 16, at 2:30 p. bj.. from
the parlors of H. F. Suhr A Co.. 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
where service* will he he!d under the aus-
pices cf the Saa Francisco Frauen V«relo.
Cremation I. O. O. F, Cemetery.
San Francisco Frauen Verein — To tl>#
officers and funeral committee. Saa Fran-
cisco Frauen Verein: You are hereby re-
quested to assemble at Druids' Hall. 413
Butter street, to-mcrrow (Saturday). Decem-
ber 19. at 1:30 :-. m.. t> attend the funeral
of our late member. Mr?. Anna Nlesavo. By
order MRS. CAROLLNE ÜBHOKF. Prea.
MRS. ANNA MAA3, Secretary.
POPPEH— In, thl3 city, December 14. 1303.
Joseph Le*o Popper, beloved husband «f
Blanche Pepper tnee Fella), and dearly be-
loved soa and only child of Gertrude and th»
late Adoloh PoDDer. and nephew of W. J.
Puetz. a native cf San Francisco. aJted 23
years 3 months and 16 days. iPekia, lU..
papers please copy.)
cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fu&era.! to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8 o'clock a. m.. from his iat»
residence. 42S Church street, between Six-
teenth and Seventeenth, thence to St. Boni-
face's Church, Golden Gate ay ».ue. betwaea
Jcnes and Leavenworth, whera a reqniem
high mass will be celebrated fcr the reposa
of his scul. ccmmenelns at 9 o'clock a. m.~
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
POWERS— In thii city. December 14. 190 S.
Ada M.. beloved daughter of James D. aad
Emraa F. Powers, a native ot Saa Fraadsco.
QUINN— Ia this city. December 13. 1903. Wil-
liam J.. beloved brother of Luke. Annie,
Thomas acd Patrick Qulnn and Mrs. Mar-
garet Kelly, a native of County Roscoznmon.
Ireland, aged 44 years. A member of th»
Carmen's Union. Division 205, asd Yoa&?
Continued on Pase IS.
CHAS. H. J. TRUMAN & GO,
.The Leading
FUNEIVAL DIRECTORS
Of £an Francisco.. "
1939 MISSION STREET
Bet. 15th and 16th. Telephoae Mluton 108
1718
DEATH NOTICES.
• < ««niiti:i«-il from Pcce Seventeen.
M--nn 1 * Institute. (Newark, N. J-. papers
l»lcsse copy.)
|E?"Kri«-iids and acquaintances are resp«ct-
fuily Invited to attf-nd the funeral to-morrow
•.Saturday), at S:l5 a. m.. from the parlors
dt J. C O'Oonnor & fo.. 707 Mission street,
between Third end Fourth, .thence to St.
Urigid's Clmrch. whore a requiem high mass
*il! he celebrated for the repese of his »->ul
at it a. rti. Interment lloly iTross Cemetery.
ißiiatian Council No. :&, Y. M. I.— Mem-
tx is are hereby requested to assemble at tne
place of nKurJiing to attend the funeral of
our late brother. William Quinn.
R. D. ULAKK. President.
CHARLES I-. EBNEH, Secretary-
RKKDr— In this city, December 13, 1805.
Klizal-cth Oeedy. beloved mother at \\iUlam,
Jatuea and KMr-atx-th Iteedy. and *™g*'°±
-die late Mary I>unnißan. a native of Coumj
Kerry. Inland. ag<>d i><3 yfcars. (Washington,
I). <\. papers please copy.)
G^-I'"ricndH and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:15 a. m.. f rom McAroy
O- Kara & Co.» parlors. 2«51 end 2.1 Hajes
ftiwt. opposite St. Ignatius Church thence
to tlf <-hapel of the Pasaloa. attached to St.
Mary*a Hospital. w*«>re * requiem high mass
xvjM be celebrated for the repose of her soul
ronimendas st i» a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, via electric funeraU car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
RH<il^E_3n this <ity. December 14. 1005.
Kiank Rhode beloved husband or the late
Jxuisa Rhod", and father of Mrs. T. b.
Kan snd Mre. F. J. Straub, a natlrj of
OrmanT, aped 65 years 2 months ana 14
"c?" Remains at the parlor* of SlcFadden.
Mcßrearty *- Green. 1171 Mission «tr«et. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
BOUEE— In this city, December 14, 19C5,
Vijlliam V: beloved eon of Annie and the
la:r> Rouse, a native of Ean Fran-
ctftco, ag»'d 22 years.
CTRemait's «t the carlors of McFadden,
McHiearty & Green, 1171 Mission etreet, be-
tween Seventh and Eifihth.
RITKF.R — At the Masonic Home, Decoto. Ala-
meda County, Cal.. December 13. 1905, Dr.
H S. Rurker, beloved husband of Emma
Rucker. and father of Robin Rucker. a na-
tive of Missouri, aged 61 years 3 months
and 7 day«.
CT Funeral services and Interment at
Merced. Cal., Saturday afternoon, Decem-
ber lti.
IAVNDERSOJC— In this city. December 13.
IftCS, Pavid Saunderson, beloved- brother of
the late Mrs. Ann S. Gra%-es, and uncle of
Mrs. C. B. Perkins, a native of Yorkshire,
Kiipland. aeed 77 years 4 months and 25
day*. iSprtnirneld and Jacksonville, 111..
papers i>!ea»e copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- ,
fully invited to attend the funeral services ;
to-day "i Friday). December 15. at 10 o'clock
s. m. at his late residence, 758 Haigfct street,
between Pierce and Soott. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flower*.
ICHIERMANN— In this city, December 14,
IWS, at ft. Joseph's Hospital, Juetina
Soliiermann. a native of Germany, aged 81 i
years.
EHACKLETOX— In this city. December 14,
JlN>5. ChriFtiana Barbera. beloved wife of the
late William T. Shackleton, and mother of
William, George and John Shackleton and
Mrs. IL A. Cramer, a native of Germany,
aced 70 years 11 months and 9 days.
I\ "A ALAND— In Oakland. December 14, 1905.
Raudolph. beloved son of Andrea* O. and
Inga Waaland. and brother of Otto and the
lat* Irving Waaland. a native of California,
aged 19 years and 0 months.
WALSH— In this city, December 13, 1905.
James Walsh, dearly beloved brother of
John. Georc- 1 and Maude Walsh, a native
of South Carolina, aged 3S years and 7
months.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
ti'-day (Friday), at St. Domlnic'e Church,
where a requiem high mats will be celebrated
Tor the retioee of his soul, commenclne at
9 o'clock a. m. Interment private. Remains
\u25a0t the parlors of the Western Addition
Funeral Directors, 1724 Devlsadero street,
between Sutter and Bush.
RTAECHUS-^-la this city, December 14, 1905.
Kl^ie Waschlc, beloved wife of G. Waschle.
and mother of Ethel Gates, a native of
England, aged 39 years.
THLKINS— In this city, at St. Luke's Hoapl-
tal December \Z, 1905, John George Wilklns,
beloved brother of Frederick Wilkins and D.
Wilkins of Cincinnati, Ohio, a native of Ol-
denburg, Germany, aged 82 years 9 months
and 9 days. (Cincinnati, Ohio, papers please
copy.)
CTThe funeral will take place Friday,
l>tceinber 15, at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the
funeral chapel of Tlieodor Dierks. 432 Golden
Oate arenue, between Larkin and Polk
streets. Interment Green Lawn Cemetery, by
eiectric funeral car leaving Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets at 10:45 a. m. Interment
private.
CEMETERY PLOTS.
lr. CCi Fellows' and Masonic Cemeteries can
te exchanged for Plots In
MOI'XT OLIVET.
For particulars apply at City Office
GRAJCT BLDG.. MARKET Sc SEVENTH STS.
CO3DIERCIAL NEWS.
Continued from Pajte \ineteon.
"000 Do. b 60... .16; 500 Red Top 65
3000 Dixie 00, COO Sandstrm, b3O 58
r.OO Home 1415000 St Ivee, « 5.. 12
Jwo Jumbo M Co.l 00; 1000 St Ives, b 30. 13
r.rtO Jumbo M.sJO.l <O. 5000 St Ives, b SO. 13
ViKt Jumbo M. 65. 89j 100 Ton BeUnont..2 10
4<<«» Jumbo Ex .. IS' 1000 Ton Belmont_.2 15
ROD Jumbo Ex .. 1"; 1000 Do, b 10.2 12»£
3009 Do, b C 0... 1»; 1000 Do, b 10.2 17^
100 Do. s 10... 20; 200 Ton Gold Mt. 09
6000 Kendall .% 5500 Ton Hme Con 0«
3fW» Kendall s 5. 30 5000 Ton Hme Con C 5
500 Kendall, s 00 «6 2000 Home Con.b9o OS
3200 Kendall 37 2000 Home Con.bSO 07
1000 MacNamara.. 34 500 Ton Midway.. l 50
1000 Mohawk 25: 600 Do. s 5.^1 47>4
3 000 M Shoshn Ex 13 100 Ton Nev.bOO 14 75
3<M« Mcnt T0n.. 2 3714] 1000 W End. elO.l 17«
1000 Mont Ton ..2 35*
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District.
Bid. Ask.| Bid. Ask.
Btlmont 212 '1 IS] MacNamara.. 34 SB
BeJmont Ex.. — 12 j Midway 1471 50
Bo«on Ton.. 0T» 03: Mizpah Ex ..13 20
Brgr's JB Ex — 10! Mont Ton ...2 35 237
California ... 01 C 5' Mont Mid Ex. — 13
Cash Boy .. Vt 14| Monitor 02 01
Colehan — 10 N V Ton Con 19 20
Eula Con ... — 17 North Star. . . 47 49
GoM Anchor. 79 M Ohio Ton .... 25 2«
'loldeti Gate. — CBj Rod Rock Ex — 15
":old Mt OS CO; Rescue 07 09
Geld Mt Con — 01 1 Ton Exten ..5 37 5 75
Great Westrn 03 04] Ton Hme Con 05 ©•
Ind Toncpah. — 'OlJTonSlv & Gld 15
Home 13 15' Ton of Nev.l4 00 14 60
Jim Butler. .. 63 €5! Virginia 10 _
Little Ton ..1 50 2 OOj West End ...1 17 1 20
Lucky Tom.. — Ci|
Goldfield District. '
Adams O4 05' Great Bend... 04
Atlanta 10 31|HIphland — 13
Aurora — Ofl Jumbo M Co. 99 100
Hlack Ant*.. — 041 Jumbo Ex ... 17 18
Hik Btte EX. — CJ Juno — 01
Ulack Rock.. — 02] Kendall .16 37
liiue Bt-U ... O2 O4| Kendall Ex.. 01 02
liiue Bull ... 06 07'Laguna 15
Brooklyn — 01 C2i Lone Star ... CO 08
Btte Goldfleld 10 151 Lucky Star .. — 04
Bull & Bear. 02 03! May Qu<en... 16 18
Booth M Co. 10 — ! Mohawk 24 25
COD 40 50] N-evada Boy.. 17,
Columbia ... — 15; Nev Goldfield. 20
Columbia Mt. II 14 Nev Southern. H
Conqueror .. 10 \'2 Oakeg 08
Diamond .... — 15 Ockiand 10
Dm B Btte C 84 35 Pennsylvania. 01
DmdHd Trngl — 1" Re<r Lien 0;t 04'
Dominion ... — 101 Red Top . <h jwj I
Empire 03 04] Red Top Eat. 02 (3
Kxploltatlon. — 04 ' Sandstorm ... &<} 53
Dixie 06 07{ Sandstorm Ex 06
Fp.wn 05 — Silver Pick .. 10 Ji I
Florence 2501 CO Simmerone .. 15 19 I
Frisco 02 — | St Ives ' n j-g j
Gold Dv« .. — 07 ; Treasure . .i .. — 03 !
Gold Hill ... — OiJ Verde — (ft
Goldfleld Mln 62 64} Vtrnal .: 05 C 8
Clflflil Rand. ©."> OGi Wonder — 01
Goldfield Ton — 07j
:J..": J .." Bullfrog District.
Arr.&i-jroM. ... — <*J Gold Bar 82 33
AniethyM ... 12 15, Gldfid Bullfrg — C 5
Hip Bullfrog. — 10; Mcc Harris.. 01 (<2
Bonni* Clare «5 — | ttont Bullfrog 02 03
Ballfrogr Mm "7 40! H P"jo«hn Ex. 13
BuJlfrojr Anx ,01 02 Ohio Bullfror- 20
Bullfrog Corn. 02 04 (frig Bullfroc. is IB
Bullfrog Ex. 05 22 Pilot 20 —
Bifnj Bundle (*5 10, San Francisco 17 19
Blfc Mavfitvr 12 15 fihoshone — 0«
Bullfg N Bk 1C 17IShoshn B Cld 24 25
WfrE Sunset. 07 OS! Stelnway .... 13 14
Den Bullfrog- 26 27| Ventura 05 11
On nifg Anx 02 — ' Vista Grande. — 05
Eclipse SO 31 1 Wolverine ... 03 10
Other Districts.
Congress — 14] Paymaster ... 01 CS
GoM I>e<l M — -5i liay & O'Brien 06 07
Golden Terra. 25 — j Rooco Hmstk. — 90
Gold Quartz. 40 — i Rothwo'l — ?<j
Kawich &B. — 13) Silver Peak.. — 17
Kawich Gold. — 02: Southwestern. — : «5
Kawch MCo \u25a0— O4! Sylvanla OS 10
Llda Hawk.. — 55j Tokop Con ... 15
Lynx Creek.. Sl # — |
J ONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE,
Following were the sales on the Ban Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yeeterday:
9:15 a. m. Session.
2r>o Ophlr .....5 S7%| 100 MacNamarm.. £8
100 Con Va M...1 35 2COO Diamondfleld.. 85
3000 Jumbo M.b10.1 CO 2000 Den Bullfrog. 28
500 Ton Belroont.l 90|
11 a. va. Session.
3000 G S Pick, b3O 11 700 Ton Belmont..2 00
JOCO G S Pick. blO 11 500 Do. b 10... 2 00
SOO Mont T0n.. 2 37% 1000 Jumbo 8x.b30 20
•000 MacNamara.. St 2500 Ori* Bullfro*. jo
2000 MacNam«ra.. 37 15C0 Bnllpee .... •• SI
2000 Jumbo M Co. ns)2000 Plue Bull ... 07
200 Jumbo M.blO 9«: V«> Mexican 1 40
2500 St Ivrs, b 15. 13 500 Shoshone ••\u25a0• V?
ICOO St ivcs 121 r.OO Ophlr . .. . ...» S. 'ti
2000 Mohawk b 30 2.1! SCO Con T, a. M...110
5000 Kendall 35|
2 p. m. FcssJon.
J.VK) Ton N Elar.. 4 C 2000 St IvjV* SO- \}
300 Belcher 21| 10C0 Orlg Bullfros. Ui
1000 Ton Belm»nt.2 10,' :!500 Kendall, s 10 35
700 Ton Blmnt.2 «2H 2000 Diamondfield.. 24
SOO Do, b 10... 2 OS 600 West tnd ...1 -.0
1000 MacNamara.. 34 1000 W End. bIO.I 20
15C0 MacNamara.. 35 200 Mont Ton. ..2 3ij,i
1000 Ohio 25 1000 Red Top .... 94
3000 Et Ives, b SO 13;
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Comstocks.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Ali-ha 03 03 Julia CO 1,1
Alia ... 01 —(Justice C 5 <0
An<3»s 20 2l!Kentuck ..... — 01
Belch-er 22 allady Wasn... — 01
Best & 8c1..l 35 — 'Mexican 1351 40
Bullion 25 281 Occidental ... OS —
Caledonia ... 55 — ' Ophlr 0 87^ 600
Challenge ... 20 21 1 Overman 11 15
Chollar 12 — Potosi OS C 9
Confidence .. 85 00! Savage 52 5t
Con Va M...1 35 1 40! Seg Belcher.. 09 10
Con Imperial — 01 1 Scorpion 12 —
Con N" V — 04| Sierra Nev... 30 37
Crown Point. 13 —(Silver Hi 11... 85 S7
Exchequer .. 36 — I St Iviuis 06 0»
E Sierra Nev — 041 Union C0n..... 58 —
Gould «r Cur. 14 lr.jUtah' 05 C«
Hale & Norc.l 10 1 15; Yellov.- Jacket 14 15
Tonopah District.
Belmont 210 — 1 MacNamara.. 34 35
California ... 05 lO| Midway ...1 47^ 150
Cash Boy .. 12 13- Mizpah Ex .. IS 20
Colehan — 09! Mont Ton ...2 35 240
Gold Anchor. — S3 i North Star... 4S 47
Great Westra — 04| Ohio 24 26
Home — 15 Paymaster ... — 02
Home Con • . — 08. Rescue — 09
Ind Tonopah. — 01 j Ton Etxten-. .5 BO —
Jim Butler... 62 65 Ton of Nev.. —15 00
Little Ton .. —2 75 West End ...1 IB 1 £5
Lucky Tom.. — 05:
GoMfield District,
Adame 05 C6%| Jumbo Ex . .. 18 20
Black Butte. 21 — Kendall 85 37
Blk Btte Ex. — 03HI Lone Star ... 07 —
Black Rock.. 01H 02 May Queen... 15 10
Blue Bell ... — 06 Mohawk 24 25
Blue Bull ... — 06 »^ Nev Goldfleld. 22 25
Brooklyn .... 01 02! Oakes — 08
Diamond .... — 16 Oro — 05
Diamondfleld. 26 27 Pa Goldfleld.. — 02
Dm B Btte C 84 35 Red Lion 08 —
Dixie 06 07 Red Top .... 90 —
Frisco — 07 Red Top Ex.. •— 02
Exploitation. — 04 St Ives 11 IS
Gldfld G Dst — 07l Sandstorm ... — 60
Gldt G Reed — 10 Sandstorm Etc — 10
Ooldfleld Nev 64 — Silver Pick .. — 12
Great Bend . . — 07 Simmerone . . — 20
Jumbo . M Co. 97 1 001 Vernal 04 —
Bullfrog District.
Amargoaa ... 02 — J-Ug© Harris.. 01% 02
Beatty Blfrg. — 03 Mont Bullfrog — 03
Bullfrog Anx — 02 Orlg Bullfrog. 18 19
Bullfrg Belle — 07 Phoshone — CS»
Bullfrog Mm 86 40 Vista Grande, — 03
Bullfg NBk .15 IT! Wolverine ... — 10
Eclipse — 35!
Other Districts.
Brown Hope. — 14j Ray & O'Brien Oft —
Bsperanza .. — Oil Roth woll . — 10
Free Gold .. — 15! Sliver Peak.. — 16
Gold Mt Con — Ton Berkeley. — 03
Kawich Go!. — 03; Ton Gold Mt. OS 10
Nev Sunshine 15- — i
111-: A I. KSTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THURSDAY. DECEMBER 14.
Samuel and Rosa Lavenson to Etta Brandt,
Amy Laveneon and Clara Furth. rerecord 1696
D. 322. lot on S line of Oak street, 165 W
of Franklin, W 41:3 by S 120; $10.
James B. and Grace S. Feehan to John H.
Sherry, undivided *$ of lot on S line of Ful
ton etreet, 137:6 W of Gough, W 95:9, 6 206:3,
E 40:0. S 65:9. E 27:6, N 68:9, E 27:9. N
206:3; $10.
William and Mary Watkins to Guy T. and
Willard O. Wayman, lot on N line of Green
street, 155:1>i W of Laguna. W 2tf by N 100;
$10.
James and Susan Conlen to Emlen W. Card,
lot on N line of McAllister street, 125 E of
Devlsadero. E 50 by N 137:6; $10.
Charles W. Card to same, game; gift.
William R. Clark to Mary C. Clark, lot on
N line of Vallejo street, CS W of Devisadero,
W 32 by N 137:0; gift.
Herbert A. GaJe to Daniel F. Keefe. lot
on B line of Central avenue, 80 N of Waller
•Etreet. N 50, E 39, S to point 80 N of Waller
Btrtet', TV Hi; also lot bounded on the E by
line li 7 6 of Haight street and 23:12 E of
Central avenue to point in J^ line of Waller
street. 114.58 E of Central avenue, on S by
above lot, on W by lot above, N by above lot,
formerly Buena Vista avenue: $10.
Richard J.'^lier to May McKenzie. lot on
8 line of McAllister street. 112 E of First
avenue. E 25 by S 137:0; 510.
City and County of San Francisco to J. G.
and Bettie M James,' lot on W line of Fol
som street. 185 S of Nineteenth. S 90 by W
122:6; J .
Seraphina A. Davidson to M. Fisher Com
pany, lot on N line of Eighteenth street,
59:9 E of Guerrero. E 90 by N 85; $10.
Edwin H. Norman to Ernest and Bertha
Beyer lot on S line of Nineteenth street,
ISS E" of Dolores E 25 by S 114; $10.
Patrick J. and Mary A. Mclnerney to Z.
T. Whltten lot on W line of Potrero avenue,
167:8 N of Twenty-first street, N 20:3 by W
100; $10. J-
Charles G. and Rose E. Stuhr to Robert D.
Gourley. lot on N line of Twenty-fifth street,
293:6 \V of Dolores, W 25 by N 114; $10.
Aime H. and Pauline Bolomey to F. J.
Devlin lot on N line of Twenty-fifth street,
75 W bf Church. W 50 by N 114; $10.
Joseph and Sophie U. McLatchie to Carl F.
Mertens lot on N line of Army street, 18C
E of Sanchez, E 27 by N 114; $10.
Jennet A. and H. F. Grinnell to Annie
Schwerin lot on E line of Noe street, 101:6
S of Hill S 25 by E 110; $10.
Henry O. and Georgia Trowbridge to Eugene
Stoupe lot on N line of O'Farrell street, »105
E of Taylor. E 27:6 by N 137:0; $10.
George and, Ella B. Dawson to Edward D.
Swift lot on/NW line of Brannan street. 150
NE of Sixth) NE 25 by NW 110; $10.
Louis Lebenbaum to William T\olf, lot on
SW line of Sixth street, 350 SB of Harrison,
SE 75 by SW 90; $10.
Mark I. Hart to Fannie V. Erlanger (wife
of Jonas) lot on W line of Fifth avenue.
475 X of Lake street, N 33 by W 120; $10.
Martha White to J. W. Wright & Sons In
vestment Company, undivided % of lot on
E line of Fortieth avenue. 175 S of Point
Lobos avenue, S 37:6 by E 120; $10.
Geonce H.. Rebecca and Richard J. Danne
mark to James K. Fraser, lot on NE corner
of Huro street and Seventh avenue, N 25 by
B 95: $10.
John T. and Antonla Doyle to same, lot on
E line of Seventh avenue. 25 N of Hugo street.
I N 25 by E 95; $10.
Ccnrad and Eliza Bill and Jacob and Kath
erina Ohlemutz to J. W. Wright & Sons' In
vestment Company, lot on W line of Eleventh
I avenue, 200 N of J street, N CO by W 120; $10.
American Land and Trust Company to Leon
ard V. Roberts, lot on E line of Forty-second
avenue. 4«5 N of J street. N 25 by E 120;
$10.
William L. Cole Jr. to William L. Cole, lot
on S line of I street, 57:0 W of Forty-sixth
avenue, W 25. S 100. W 37:6. S 25 E 120.
N 25. TV 57:6, N 100; also lot on W line of
Forty-sixth avenue, 125 S of I street, B 25
by W~120; $500.
W. J- McKiilop to Sylvester Pearl, lot on
SW corner of J street and Forty-flret avenue,
S 100 by W 100; $10.
j W. Wright & Sons' Investment Company
to John Plaskett. lot on N line of M street.
32:0 TV of Forty-fourth avenue, W 50 by N
ICO; ?10.
Estate Of Elizabeth W. H. (or Elizabeth
TV.) Moxley (by A. Comte Jr., executor) to Mc-
Ewen Bros., lot on W line of Twelfth avenue,
225 S of L street, S 60 by TV 120; also lot
on W line of Twelfth avenue, 126 S of M
street. 825 by W 120: SSBO.
Julius C. Kittel to Camille" de Berry, lot on
E line of Twentieth avenue, 150 S of N etreet,
S 25 by E 120; $10.
United Realty Company to Emma J. Barber,
lot on SW corner of Twenty-third avenue and
I Q Btreet. W 30 by S 100; $10.
I Georglana M. Perkins to United Realty Com
! pany. block bounded by R and S streets.
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth avenues; also
lot on SW corner of Twenty-third avenue and
Q street. W 120. S 225. W 120. S 375. E 240,
I N COO; $10.
; William, M. and Mary E. fle Wolf to Stephen
I Hercos lot on E line of Sixteenth avenue, 350
S of T street. 8 50 by E 120; $10.
K. Ducas Company to John and Agnes
Schlappl. lot on N line of Bessie avenue. SOB
W of Folsom street, W 25, N 91.62, SB 25.04.
S 80, lot 14^ Ducas Tract; $10.
Emma D. Taylor (Dollenmayer) to Bernhard
Getz. lot on W- corner of China avenue and
Madrid street, NW 25 by SW 100, lot 8, block
29. Excelsior Homestead; also lot on NW line
of Paris street. 200 SW of Persia avenue, SW
ia by NW 100, lot 7, block 11, Excelsior Home
stead; $10.
John and Phlllippa Nute to Christopher and
Mary A. Martin, lot on S line of States street,
325 W of Castro. W 25 by B 105:10, lot 14.
block 18. Flint Tract; $10.
Burton R. McLaln to John J. and Marie L.
MeKserEinlth. lot on N line of Remain and NB
line of Falcon streets. NW 86:3, NE 43:11,
SE 104:9%. SW. CO:3H. lot 3. block 16. Mar
ket-street Homestead: $10.
Leopold and Sarah Weinsteln to Jacob Hey
man Company, re-record 2136 D 105.. lot on SB
line of Naples street, 150 NE of India avenue,
! NE 150 by SE 100. lot 4, block 51. Excelsior
i Homestead: $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Owen Donohoe,
lot on SE line of, Naples street. 276 NE of
India avenue. NE 25 by SE 100, block 51,
Excelsior Homestead; $10. ,
Edward (or Edwd. C.) Housley to Margaret
Housley, lot on SE line of Prospect avenue,
365 SW of Coso, SW 35 by SE 70, lots 258' and
255. gift map 3; also lot on W line of Prospect
avenue 831 S of Coso, S 51 by W 122:6, and
all property In California; gift
Estate of Adam Mulr (by Samuel Irvine),
administrator) to Katherlne A. Peters, lot on
B line of Sixteenth avenue, 300 S of R street
S £5 by E 100, block 304, O'Neill & Haley
Tract: $165. \u0084
Anna D. Joost to Edward B. and Elizabeth
Barthold. lot on NE line of Falcon avenue,
and lot 13. N 70. SW 32:4, SE 74:5, W 25,
lot 13, block 4% Market-street Homestead;, $10.
Kt«i« »r California (by Tax Collector) to
TtfE SAN FRANCISCO CALE, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1905.
Anna D. Joost, lots 25 and 26, block 6, City
Lend: $34.
Same to same, lots 42 and 44, block 11,
same; $41.
Same to same, lots 12 and 13, block Z,
same: $11.
s~a:r.c to same, lots 13 and 14, block Go,
same: ?34.
Same to same, lots 9 and 10, block 1. name;
?34. -
i?ame to same. lots 20 and 21, block 2, same;
$11.
Same to same, , lots 18 and 19, block 84,
same: $34. . \u25a0 <'":'
Same to same, lots 8 and 0, block 8, same;
Same to came, loli 21 N to 24, block 82, same;
Edward D. Swift to Louis and Francis Vlen.
lot on SW line of Charles street. 85 BE of
Chcnery. S <!2:35;, E »V S 26:9%, E 23:9%,
N 101. NW 33, block .16. Fairmount; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to William Hoff and
Grace Atkins, lot on SE line of Sweeney street.
275 SW of Barnoveid, SW CO by SE 75. lots
36 and 37, block 8. People's Homestead; $10.
Thomas Moore to Elisabeth Lafranchl, lot
on NW line of Arllneton street, 3G5 SW of
Roanohe. SW 30 by NW 75, lot 6. Jones Ad
dition to Fairmount: $10.
S. Ducas Company (a corporation) to Nathan
Grose, lot on E lino of San Bruno avenue, 225
N of Burrows street, N 50 by E 100,- lots 10
and 11, block B, Haley Purchase; $10.
Bulldcro' Contract*.
Wan-fn D Clark (owner) with R. W. Moll«r
(contractor), architects Houghton, Sawyer &
Albert Farr— All work for a two-story franv*
building on SW corner of Washington antf*
Laurel streets. W 37:6 by S 127:5V4. Western
Addition: $12,046.
Ella M. Leigh (owner) with Kelly Bros, (con
tractors), architect Henry Shermund — All work
for a frame building (14 flats) on S line of
Hayes street. 193:4% B of Scott, E- 64:5 by B
137:6; $22,715. .
M. Slmlnoff (owner) with Bernard Dreyer
(contractor), architects Shea & Shea— All work
for a seven-story and basement brick, building
on N line of Golden Gate avenu*. 192:6 W of
Taylor street. W CS:9 by N 137:6; $54,807 10.
Alameda County.
F. li. and Olive A. Navlor to Frank Hoh«nß
chlld, lot on N line of "" r lne street, 90 Wof
Grove, W 45 by N 100. lot 9, block J, North
lands Tract 1. Berkeley; $10.
Rosa M. Shattuck (widow) to John A. Clover
(married), lota 9. 10 and 11. block 1. Shat
tuck Tract 2. first party reserves perpetual
right to use of bed of Strawberry Creek for
sewerage and drainage purposes, Berkeley; $10.
Charles B. and Louise M. Miller to Freder
ick C. and Ellen S. Johnson, lot on B line of
Benvenue avenue, 300 S of Stuart street, S
50 by E 148, lot 14, block J, Berry-Bansa
Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Ada Levick (trußtee) to Caroline T. Riley,
lot 4, block 1. amended map of portion of La
Loma Park and Wheeler Tract, Berkeley; $10.
M. and Eliza E. Rinehart and J. S. and
Clara Myers to A. F. Page, lot on E3 line of
Market street, 25.41 S of Fourth. B 91.96 S
28, W 87.42, N 23.41 to beginning, lots 7, 8
and 10 and 11 block 100, Kellersberger'B map,
Oakland; ?10. \u25a0 , •
Ann F. Germain (widow) to Carlo and Maria
I* Saracco, lot on SB corner of Paradise and
Fifty-eighth (Stanley) btreets, B 80. S Jfcj-fU.
W SO N 94.83, lots 8 and 9. Germain Tract,
resubdivislon portions blocks W and Z. Para
dise Park, Oakland; $100.
B. E and Minnie W. Laymance to willard
W White lot on NW lino of Eleventh (Pierce)
avenue 120 N T E of East. Sixteenth (Monroe)
street, 'ne 30 by NW 100, block 87, CllntQn,
East Oakland; $10. _ r . •
6. G. Elliott (single) to Annie C. Wright,
lot 11, block B, University Park.- near uni
versity, Berkeley: $10. '
Earl H. and Sadie C. Webb to George N.
O'Brien undivided % interest in following:
Lot S "block A. Berkeley property maps Nos.
1 and 2 Blake "Tract, plat 69. etc., Berkeley;
also lot beginning at NW corner of lot 26,
thenc*. E along said line of lot 26 and con
tinuation projected. E t»O:S. S 84:2«, W Para
lel with Inline of Addison street to \v line
of lot 28,^?M0 beginning. Berkeley; excepting
property conveyed to F. K. Armstrong No
vember-. 1905, 1078 D. 470, Berkeley; $10.
Same to Peter E. Bowlea. undivided % In
terest in same property as secondly described
in preceding deed, Berkeley; ?10
Elizabeth H. Spear (widow) to Andrew
Abrott. lot on W line of Ninth 102
5 of Addison, S 40 by W 130^eing^S 40
feet of lot 7, block 103. AH ston Tract. Berke
leSame°to Joseph T. Renas. lot on W line of
Ninth street. 100 S of Addison. S 2 by V,
130. being!*' .2 feet of lot 7. block 103, same,
3^ asnd'a $ nd' Mary E. Buhring to Ralph C.
Woodmansee, lot on N line of Hast* street.
U5 _ from TV line of Ellsworth. W «5 by
N 70 portion lot 5. block 4. property College
Homestead Association. Berkeley: $10.
Gertrude (or Gertie) Bodem, wife of Mat
thew to Matthew Bodem, lot on S line of
Wo^fcy (kent) street. 445.50 E of Shattuck
avenue. -E 50 by S 135. belne W% of lot 4
and E % of lot 5, Ecoville Tract In plat 81,
Rancho V. and D. Peralta Berkeley: $10.
A D. and Mattie E. Porter to K. G. Eas
ss-^oTgS^ 4^ ff b t rN f T 35(3 5 ( , sl bi s ock ) #r&
Dl Cha^E. O andM d ari0 $ n°H. Fuller to KimbaH
G. Easton. lot on N line of Fifty-fifth (Shasta)
street 120 W of Grove, W RO by N 130. lot It).
W 33.'64 of lot IS. and E CIO of lot 20, block
T, same. Oakland: $10.
Edwin Whitcomb (widower) to Harriet I.
Noonan and Susan M. Cordray, undivided one
slxth interest in the following: BeKinninsr at
oolnt on W line of lot 26 and E line of lot
27 Temescal '\u25a0 Park distant on said line, be
tween said lots. 1.1,1 E from E line of Tele
graph avenue, and at a point on said line be
tween saW lots 150 N and at right angles from
Temescal street, thence from beginning. S -5
by W 131 Oakland: also lot on S\\ line of
East Twenty-fourth street. 157:0 SB from Thir
teenth avenue. SE 37:6 by SW 150, block 141.
Clinton East Oakland; also lot on 8 line of
Shuey avenue 154 S from Intersection of S
line of Huff avenue (or East Twenty-seventh
etreet) and W line of Shuey avenue, W 120 by
6 Inches, portion of lot 1, map of DOrtion of
Shuey estate (as recorded), Brooklyn Town-
B Sarah A. McKee (widow), by S. B. McKee.
attorney, to Frances Noonan, lot 7, block 11,
Santa Fe Tract No. 5, Oakland; $10. -
Annie Thornton (wife of John A.) to F. W.
Gibson lot on E corner of Nineteenth avenue
and East Fifteenth street. NE 40 by SE 75,
block 2G. East Oakland: $10.
Charles G. and Minnie E. Downey to Corne
lius Perdue, lot on SW line of East.Twenty
sixth street. 147:6 SB of Nineteenth avenue,
SE C 5 by SW 140, block 84, Northern Addition
to Brooklyn, East Oakland; $10.
Peter X*. Arnold (widower) to John D. and
Louise E. McTeer, lot on SW line of East
Twenty-fourth street, 230 SB of Eleventh ave
nue. SE 5 by SW 100, block 142. Clinton.
East Oakland; $10. . k
Ida B. and R. D. Winters to George Br%nd
Jr. (single), lot- at Intersection of TV boundary
line of lot 4 with N' line of Athol avenue,
thence alonjf said line of lot 4, N 139, to N
boundary line of said lot 4, E 30, S 139, / to
said N line of Athol avenue, W 48:6 to be
ginning;, portion of lot 4,. block D, Peralta
Helehts. Bast Oakland: $10.
Leon E. Gray (sringle) to B. F. Brunk, lot
on NW corner of Bancroft way and Mary
street. W 130 br N 50, lot 12, block 11, Mc-
Gee Tract, quitclaim deed, Berkeley: $1.
Berry-Bangs Land Company to Hiram L.
Woody, lot on S line of Oregon street, 160 W
at (Regent, W 40:8 by S 135, lot 8, block
G, Berry-Bangs Tract, map 2, Berkeley; $10.
Bame to Eugenia- W. Turner, lot on S line of
Oregon street, 140 TV. of Regent (Manoa ave
nue), W 40 by S 135, lot 9, block G, came,
Berkeley; $10. J
R. C. and Eusrenla W. Turner (and aa at
torney) to John C. Tupper (single), lot 8, block
G, Berry-Bangs Tract, 'map 2, Berkeley: $10.
Hiram L.. Woody (single) to Harriet R.
Tupper, lot 8, block G, same, Berkeley; $10.
The Realty Syndicate to Minnie E. ReiUey,
(widow), lot at intersection of SW boundary/
line of lot 6 with NTV line of Montgomery
street, eaid SW boundary line of lot 6 being
also the NE line of John-street, 80 feet wide,
as per map 2, Highland Terrace, thence NW
125 by NE 65, portion of lot 6, block 4, Plan
Howe Tract. Oakland: $10.
Same to same, lots 23, 24 and 25, block D,
Bryant Tract. Berkeley; $10. . •
Bame 'to George Day Snyder (single), lot
19, block C, same, Berkeley; $10.
Bame to Mary C. and Lev! C. Snyder, lot
18, block C, name. Berkeley; $10.
John J. Bulllvan (single) to John and Walter
J. Edwards, lot on W line of Linden street,
150 N of Thirty-second, N 50 by W 135:9. lot*
23 and 24, block 675, . Glascock Tract, Oak
land: $10.
E. N. Walter (sinitle) to Luette Lee Swift
(wife of J. H.), lot on.S line of Apgar street.
230.40 E of West, E SO by 8 145. belnir E
12.10 of lot 16. and W 17.90 of lot 17, block
C. Major Given Tract, Oakland; $10.
Helen Perahbaker (widow) to -Jeremiah' T.
CNell, lot on E lino of Telegraph avenue
(since widened). 167 S of Elm street, S 32.
E 121 to W line lot 10.- thence further E 20
N 86 to N line of aforesaid lot 10, W 20, 8
4 to point W 121 to beginning, portion lots
4. 5 and 10. block 11, Pacific Homestead, Oak
land; also- lot beginning at SE corner land
described In deed to John JVatson Klngsbury
November 25. 1599, SSS D. 421, S 12 inches
W to E lire of Telegraph avenue, N 12 Inches,
B to beginning. Oakland: $10. ... .\u25a0
Savings and Loan Society to the Realty
Syndicate, lots 1 to 10 and 10 to 20. block
E, Thermal Hill, formerly Howe Tract, Oak
land; $10.
Same to same, lots 11 to 15, block B, same
map, Oakland; $10.
Kate A. and William C. Hull to Isaac M.
Kalloch. lot on S line of Twenty-eighth street,
10S:S W of Magnolia. W, 60 by S 110:6, lots
17 and 18 block 649. resubdivislon portion
block 643. Oakland; $10. : t
\u25a0A.' S. and Emma. .; C. Baldwin to 'F. . F.
Carius lot on B line of • Herzog street 108
5 of Alcatraz avenue. S 40 by E 133.05, 'Oak
land : also lot on NE : corner of Harmon and
Idaho streets, E 150 to : W line land formerly
conveyed to R- R. . Rutherford. , N 43.50 to . N
line of Herzog Tract. TV to E line of ; Idaho
street. S 26.42 . to beginning, lot > 4,'-block 10,
and portion block A.- Herzog Tract, ?. Golden
Gate, Berkeley; - $10. j \u25a0 ; ; . :. . ; ,
. George ' McDonald to • Mararet - McDonald
: (wife), lot ; on NE line of East Twenty-fourth
(Abel) street, S25 v SE of -Twenty- first : avcnu«
(Alameda). SE 75 by.NB 140. lots 35. ,36 and
37. \u25a0 block 82. Northern Addition to . Brooklyn,
East Oakland ;: gift. \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0'\u25a0 .
\u25a0:- Harriet" Prescott .(widow "of Cyrua; S.) to
Edmond Smith, lot os S line of Bast Twentieth
COPPER POOL
GETS SETBACK
Lawson Announces That the
Operations of His Combine
Have Not Been Successful
LOSES NEAKLY $4,000,000
Nothing Daunted the Boston
Millionaire Invites Sub
scriptions to a New Fund
Special Dlspatcb to The Call.
BOSTON, Mass., Dec. 14.— Thomas W.
Lawson and his "Ten Million Dollar Bear
Pool" have been badly punished in the
late- market boom, particularly In the
"coppers," and to-day he issued ay mod
est announcement to the effect that the
pool has sustained a loss of $3,600,000 In
Its operations, or 46 per cent. In the
same breath he announced the formation
of a new and still greater pool of $15,000,
000 to begrln Friday,- December 15, and in
vites subscriptions to the same. "Whether
he thinks that those who sustained losses
as his associates In the previous opera
tions in his scheme of "selling: stocks to
the system" will bear their losses with
equanimity and put up additional funds
is a problem.
Compared with h!shalf-pag» and full
page announcements beginning: a year ago
and continuing through the summer of
what was going to be done to the "sys
te*m" the announcement to-day is modest
indeed. It Is as a "gentle summer zephyr
against a. Kansas cyclone. In his notice
Lawson does not take the trouble to ex
plain the losses in detail. It apparently
was a gigantic blind pool in which the
participators had not a voice, but the
cause is easily traceable In the record of
Lawson's operations in Amalgamated
Smelters and Copper Range against tho
steady rise in price of the first two
named, particularly since he began pre
dicting dire disaster for them. /
Amalgamated crossing par was the last
straw. He still predicts 200 for -Copper
Range, but as a predictor Lawson has not
made good. Lawson's detailed statement
indicates that $1,200,000 of the pool's total
loss was caused by deals in copper metal
and the balance in stocks. He stronsly
urges Trinity stockholders to keep their
stock, promising an early statement re
garding it. • •
SUNDAY SCHOOL GIVES ITS
CHRISTMAS ENTERTAINMENT
Members of St. Dominic's DevUe Means
to Buy Presents for the
Children.
The annual Christmas entertainment
of St. Dominic's Sunday-school was
given in Golden Gate. Hall, 623 Sutter
street, last evening. The entertain
ment, which -was under the-dirootion of
the Rev. Father Welch, was to raise
funds to provide presents for the chil
dren who attended Sunday-school dur
ing the last year. A musical pro
gramme was given by some of the best
talent in the city. The following pro
gramme was" rendered:
Selection. "Prince of Pllsen"
St Dominic's Sunday School Military Bend
Piano solo. "Erlklng" ...Schubert-Liszt
Mrs. C. J. Hegrgerty.
Trio violin, cello and piano .;...Bohm
Miss Blanch Rouleau. Miss Eetelle Rouleau,
Mrs. C. J. Heggerty.
Male choral — (a) "The Image of the Rose".
. ..Relchardt
Solo, O. L. Lienan.
(b) "Serenade" Marschner
Director, Dr. Maurice W. O'Connell.
O L. Llenon. B. E. Hlbbert, J. B.
Lane T. J. Walsh. A. E. McMillan,
G. V. Wood. R. E. Kern. T. Pauzlni,
M. J. Butler, P. Ligda.
Violin solo, "Blegie" A. Bazzlni
Nathan Landsberger.
Recitations Selections
Mrs. Alice B. May Sexton.
Zither solo— (a) "Spring Song" Gounod
(b) "I Love You, Dear" . . . Luders
(c) "Violets" .Ellen Wright
Alphonso Hlrsch.
Vocal solo — (a) "Still wie die Nacht" . .. .Bohm
(b) "Vocl di Primevera".. Strauss
Mrs. T. F. Bonnet.
Trio— Violin, cello and piano Schubert
Misa Blanch Rouleau. Miss Estelle Rouleau,
Mrs. C. J. Heggerty.
Vocal solo, selected
Frederick S. Knight.
Mrs. F. S. Knight, accompanist.
Male choral — (a) "The Sabbath Day"..Kreutzer
(b) "Lullaby" Brahma
Director Dr. Maurice W. O'Connell.
O. L. Lienan. E. E. Hlbbert. J. B.
Lane T. J. Walsh. A. E. McMillan.
G. "V. Wood, R. B. Kern, T. Pauzlni,
M. j! Butler. P. Llgda.
Hymn *". Welch. O. P.
St. Dominic's Sunday School choir boys.
Violin, C. O'Connor: cello, Donald Forbes.
Selection. "A Whispered Th0ught" ........
St. Dominic's Sunday School Military Band.
TIMELY ACTION OP STREET
CAR CONDUCTOR SAVES LOSS
Seen Smoke Issuing From Top. of Mar
ket-Strret Bnlldln* nnd Turn*
In Quick Alarm. . \u25a0
A small fire, which might have been
very serious but for the prompt action
of a passing street car conductor,
broke out on the top floor of. the mil
linery establishment of Henz 6c Llndt
at 541-543 Market street about 10
o'clock last night. The total damage
was about $100. The fire started from
the crossing of the -electric wires lead-
Ing to an Iron heater.
A conductor on a. Halght-street car
was passing by and saw the smoke
curling up from the top story of the
building. He stopped the car and gave
the alarm at once. The firemen arrived
promptly and put out the blaze in a
few minutes. On the floor lay enough
loose waste material to have burned a
dozen buildings.
Funeral of James A. McMahos.
The funeral of James A. McMahon, for
mer contractor and bridge builder, will
take place this morning from the under
taking parlors of Porter & White. 445
Golden Gate avenue. Funeral services
will be held at the Church of St. Charles
Borromeo, Eighteenth and Shotwell
streets. The remains will be Interred at
Holy Cross Cemetery. %-'->\u25a0
Hotel Company Declares Dividend.
The San Francisco Hotel Company yes
terday declared a dividend of 50 cents a
share. Of this stock 3300 shares - was
originally subscribed and the balance,
1700 shares, : were yesterday sold at ; 5118.
The principal holding \u25a0of this company
is the St. Francis Hotel.
street, 181:3%' W of Twenty-third avenue, W
50 by S 150, portion of lot 12. block C. sub
division Fifty Associates' Tract, East Oakland;
$10. J \u25a0.-\u25a0.;• ; \u25a0 \u25a0 .. \u25a0\u25a0--.-.
Beulah M. Seely to Wesley C. Mitchell, lot
6, block By map 3, Hlllegaea Tract, Berkeley;
Joseph and Yeabelle : Michel to Michel , Cle
ment, lot on SE corner of First and Camella
(formerly Rose) streets, G 250 by »S 50, : being
N half of lots 1 to 10. block 31. tract B,
Berkeley ! Land and - Town Improvement "= Asso
ciation. Berkeley; ; 51000. '.^ . :. ;..-.-. -..
Club Building Association '\u25a0'/ (corporation) \u25a0' to
Imogene W. Merrill, • lot on •NE ;•\u25a0 \u25a0 corner - of
D wight ; : way and Dona street. B . 50 by N
130. portion of lot 1; block 6. -property of Col
,lege Homestead Association, Berkeley; $5. :-. . .
The Realty > Syndicate- to : Ernest ' H.- Knuta
(single). W 38 feet of lot 7, ; block 8. Mathews
Tract, Berkeley; $10.:? •
George H. and Elizabeth J.Hoolldge: to Al
mlna.J. Smith (wife of Byron K.)., 10t on NAY
corner of "Wheeler-and VWooleey. streets, W 37:3
.by N 100. portion of lot 14, -. block ; F, Newbury
Tract,' Berkeley- . j\o ._ 'llHlY".i|MMpri»WWl7ll t irP)j
Town of Berkeley » to : Fannie C. Turklngton,
lot . on - N W , corner . of \u25a0; Second ' avenue * ; (now
Acton) s and i South i street,. S 30.09 . by . Wi 24C,"
.portion of said South: etreet,' map plan State
University.; l Homestead Association, Berkeley,
aultclalm de«i: «ia •
SUGAR WORKERS WILL GIVE
ANNUAL SOCIAL AND DANCE
At Meeting; Next " Saturday Evening
Members of Union No. 519 Will
Elect New Officers.
Sugar Workers' Unlon^No. 519 will hold
its annual social and ball and elect Its
officers in Masonic Hall, South San Fran
cisco, on Saturday evening:, December 17.
At this entertainment the following new
ly elected officers will be present: Presi
dent, H. Soger; vice president, 11. "Wag
ner; recording secretary, C. "W. Peck;
financial secretary, H.- Wobber; treasurer,
W. 11. Kruger; conductor, A. Young; door
keeper, H. Christensen; trustee, H. Feh
ler; delegates to State Federation of La
bor, Charles A. Meinert, H. Soger, "W. H.
Kruger and C. W. Peck; delegates to La
bor Council, H. Soger, Charles A. Mein
ert, C. W. Peck and George Williams.
Stablemen's Union has made .great
gains in membership since peace was de
clared between that organization and the
Stable and Carriage Owners' Association.
At the last meeting General Organizer T.
Zant lectured. *
The following officers were elected by
Mlllmen's Union No. 423 at its meeting
last night: President, W. J. Black; vice
president, James Bell; recording secre
tary, E. J. Daley; financial secretary, J.
G. Fallou; treasurer, D. Atkinson; war
den, Fred Manchester; conductor, W. A.
Hanlon; trustee to the union, James
Steele; auditor, W. Gocker; delegates to
the District Council of Carpenters, E.
Kerker, W. A. Hanlon. F. Walpert, D.
M. Schafer, W. C. Seagrave, C. Spring-
Btine, W. Kocker and Thomas O'Brien;
delegates to the Building Trades Council,
E. Kerker, J. G. Fallon. Thomas McGuire,
J. SteSle, A. Dieter. Thomas Atkinson,
David Atkinson, W. Kocker and W. H.
Barnes; alternates, Charles Sprlngtine
and V. A. Watkins; alternates to the Dis
trict Council of Carpenters, H. Kenmltzer
and C. Helling; trustee to Organized La
bor. Thomas O'Brien; trustee- to Progres
sive Mill, George Wilson.
At the Seamen's national convention
held recently at Cleveland. Ohio, the Pa
cific Coast delegation had forty-five votes.
Out of the coast delegates the San Fran
cisco members, Walter Macarthur, An
drew Furuseth and Cornelius Harrington,
were honored by being elected to promi
nent positions. Macarthur is the editor
of the Pacific Coast Seamen's Journal,
published in this city.
Waiters' Union No. 80 elected as Its
delegates to the State Federation of La
bor to be held in Oakland next month the
following: M. P. Scott. Bert La Rue, J.
J. O'Brien, R. J. Mclntyro and Julia
Purdy.
Butchers' Journeymen will give their
annual prize masquerade ball in Saratoga
Hall on January 20. The following were
appointed a committee on arrangements:
Frank- Krauer. John W. Danz, A. Me-
Craedle, James Howard, Thomas Brogan,
Benjamin Davis. John Pachtner, Benja
min Osswald and Charle3 Weisheimer.
What may be termed positive assurance
of the erection of a Building Trades Tem
ple In this city, where all labor organiza
tions can meet under one roof, was de
cided at the meeting of the Building
Trades' Council last night, when the
council unanimously accepted the report
which embodied tne plans and specifica
tions of the new eight-story building as '
submitted by President P. H. McCarthy.
Secretary O. A. Tveltmore and the board
of trustees who were recently appointed
a committee on the subject matter of
building a temple.
All that now remains is" the securing of
the desired lot which will be in a central
locality. The committee has such -a lot
in view, but declines to mention where
it Is, for that might tend to advance the
price. It is said that there is sufficient
money in sight to put the. building up
Inside of eighteen months.
FATHER MAHOXY LECTURES
OX INTERESTING SUBJECT
Choose* for His Theme, "Socialism nnd
the Catholic Church," at St. Peter's
Pariah Hall.
The Hex. Father TV. Mahony, profes
sor bf moral philosophy at St. Ignatius
College, lectured last night at St. Pe
ter's Parish Hall, under the auspices of
Sheridan Council, T. M. I.
His subject was "Socialism and the
Catholic Church." He stated the posi
tion of Socialism regarding the pur
poses of life, showing that it was com
pletely taken up and absorbed- by pure
ly material considerations and conse
quently it eliminated all spiritual ele
ment in men and in the aim of life.
Father Mahony contrasted this with
the Catholic position on the aim of life
and showed tnat the church, while .ac
knowledging that temporal interests
have a great claim on man, since he is
composed of both body and soul, yet
spirituar interests must form his chief
concern.
The lecturer then passed on to show
that in the Socialistic system the state
and the family were based upon mere
temporal consideration and were pure
inventions of man caused by his mate
rial condition and the material changes
occurring in his environment
Over against this he set the teach
ings of the church on the state of the
family, showing that they were not hu
man but divine institutions, furnished
by the Creator with a system of rights
and duties for the moral, the intellec
tual, the social and the material bet
terment of mankind.
The programme also contained the
following: ':/t
Introductory. Eugene D. Bullivan: remarks.
President Harry Plnkham; piano solo. Miss M.
F Webster; barytone solo, Mario Forno; so
prano eolo. Miss Lillian Byrne; selections, Oc
cidental Quartet— H. Logan, first tenor; Fred
Keser, second tenor; J. C. Lewis, barytone; W.
F. J. Lahl, baeso. "'
" Small ad. advertisers can only be cer
tain of their ads. appearing In Sunday's
Call — Chrlntmaa Edition — upon the
curly delivery of their copy at this of
fice. No ads. will be received later than
7 o'clock Saturday ntsbt.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
BAILED.
Thursday, December 14.
Btmr Newburg. Johnson, Grays Harbor.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU-Sailed Dec I*-Bark . Abby.
for Port Townsend; berk Edward May, for San
FmnCl9Co - FOREIGN PORT.
VICTORIA— SaiIed Dec 14— Stmr City ot
Puebla, for San Franoisco,
. OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 14— Stmr . Prlni
Adelbert. from Genoa and Naples. y
Sailed Dec 14^ — Stmr La Savoie. for Havre-.
GLASGOW-Arrived Dec 14-Stmr Korean.
Dec 14-Stmr Cedrlc,
fmtl N«w To*' itmr Saxonla, from Boston:
SnS/SSiSf* 'rom Boston; .tmr Sicilian.
Dec" l^Stmf Parian, for Halifax
14-Stmr Prln
zesV Irene, from New Tork for Naples and
Ge OTERBOURG^Ied Dec 13-Stmr KaHer
lurmn for New Orleans. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 .
OUEENSTOWN— Balled Dec 14— Btmr Merl
on for Philadelphia; . stmr Oceanic, for New
ANTWERP- Sailed Dec 14 — Btmr Majestic, ,
for Philadelphia. •
PLYMOUTH— Arrived, Dec .14— Btmr Fried
erlch der* Grosse, from New York for : Cher
bourg and Bremen and proceeded. . - '
BAY AIffD|KyTERIJRBAy ROUTES.
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD,
VALLEJO and NAPA
' Napa Valley Route
Montlcello S. S. . Co. and Napa Valley Elec-
trio R. R. Co. , Close connections.
•V ' 6 — ROUND TRIPS DAILY — 8
Boats leave ' San Francisco 7:00, *9:45 a. xa.,
12:30 noon,-3:15, 6:00,"8:30!p.,m. .. \u25a0
\u25a0 Ban - Francisco ; landing and _ office, r Pier 2,
foot- of Mission St., one, block south Maxket-st.
Ferry. -\u25a0- Meals a la carte. . Phene Mala 1508. '
•Lands Navy Yard direct .
One Hundred and Twenty-EUcbth Offi-
cial of
The OnginarLiitle Kentucky Co.
Decided by
THE CANADIAN ROYAL ART UNION
Slncle A'mnber. Class Ml." Wednesday.
.' v - December 6, 1905.
No. Amount.|No. Amount-INo. Amount.
70 8 116 2t)| 2«1 »
332 8 870 SI 417 20
073 s tiis Si cci 12
733 12 774 HI Bll> »
»as si i0a5..... s| 1150 40
111(38 20l 1206 401 ISU*.» 4O
144(5 'JOj 1440 81 1572 ;;-8
1814 12 lSOti 12| 20:« 4l>
20SO 12-2104 8| 217» VS
2232 8 2443 4C| 2342 S
2tilO 8! 2777 8| 25«7 CO
21»57 $\ 3148..... 12| 31J>4 4l>
3225 L.... 8 3CS7 121 3724 20
37iw> 8i c<*so \ s\ am is
4025 201 4041 * 40t 4167 8
4270 40 4.tC4 12[ 4441 8
4401 h\ 4502 8j 4724 20
4514 20! 4.5»0 20| 4JJO4 1-
501-5 12j H.<iH 8| 01U4 4O
5159 » i 5255 21>. 5275* 5
s.{k> fc, 04^1 12| 5505 IV
5372 8; 504« Sj 5710 20
57K1 1216865 S; 557» 11>
t>o»il 121 0110 81 «ISI 8
C3CS 12| M«l 40j «U1 s<*>
C 568 20i 6G79 8 W87.v... 12
6506 12J 6904 8 701)1 8
71«0 81 7273 40 7350 8
7341 8 7370 60 7407 12
7644 40 7642 40| 7660 40
77C9 8! 7702 20 7535> 12
7842 - 12| 7587 \u25a0 8 1 7800 12
8005 20i 8102 81 8190 12
8218 8 5206 8 83C8 8
8387 12| 8456 121 8524 8
8578 20 8642 8 SBOl 8
6003 8 W99 8 *H>l 12
U4SS 8 052S 8 0543 40
6687 8 0068 12 0000 8
10008 8 10045 40|10302 8
10578 40i'lO«41 8;10ti«7 9
10701 8|10740 20 1087 d 60
1C8S« 12|lO>00 20,11042 8
11085 8J11560 20 1156 a 20
11611 1211832 8 12015 »
12148 8 12239 8112366 12
12334J 8 12530 40112725 8
12751 S 12808 12|13W3 8
13114 8 13166 12|13233 12
13288 - 1213441* 8|13519 200
13542 8113734: 8
14016 12114112 12114192 12
1425!) 8 14328 20|14408 2O
1451S 8 14654 8 146*4 8
14701 2014745 12|14500 8
14929 12|14975 8J15067 12
15008 S 15138 40(15229 12
16299 20 15343 8;15394 8
15442 8 15450 201155452 20
15059 8',15«H 4016003 20
16033 12i16107 s!I6IH 8
16204 12 16203 20116334 12
16398 20 16417 12 16443 40
1C545 5116650 40 16C90.»... 12
16796 8116.954 20 16866 20
16901 S 16960 8)17040 12-
170*9 8 17169 12 17239 40
1725S 1217332 8,17337 8
17WJ2 - 20 17761 8, 17810 8
17821 1215003 BO'ISOU 8
18289 811*512 8*13602 20
18693 1218719 BJISS99 2W
18907 20|18340 S 10027 12
19080 8h9200 12,19440 \u25a0 8
10612 8 196C5 12:19877 12
19951 12 19034 B|2oool 8
20020 12120103 8,20198 8
20246 1220409 8120471 8
20546 60|2067» 2O'2WS3 40
20713 40:21108 20(21235 8
21290 8121299 60|2t312 12
21347 1221433 12 2160S 20
21713 2021556 8 21905 6O
22011 8122314 20 22580 20
22C33 522769 20;22775 12
22815 12,225«7 8!22064 20
22957 4023023 8 23082 12
23135 12J23176 12|23212 20
23234 12|2330R 20,23328 12
23410 12123415 S 2:?4ti1>..^.. 8
23572..... 8 23048 8123873..... 12
23943..... 8*24031 8|24150 8
24278 12:243«2 20 24360 200
24358 122443S 40|24501 12
24556 821714 824832 20
24890..... 20124911 12125058 12
25074 8 25187 20:26391 12
25«512 12125766 12|25598 2O
25953 5J26091 8:26160 8
26273 12,26305 40:26370 20
26453 12126310 8;26(i69 12
26793 1212C502 20|26084 20
27098 8i27194 12|27237 40
27322 8:273i4 2027431 20
27446 S 275G2 8J27653 2O
28067 B'2Sb9s 12128111...:. S
23129 12 25130 20i25269 12
25335 12 25362 8 28600 12
28769 8 25757 20*28812 8
25583;.. .. 12;289€2..;.. 12:29072 8
20234 12 29307 40J29465 12
29409 20J29594 8129614 ' 6O
20C72 8129701 12 29734.'.*.. 2o
29510..... 121295.53 8 j 20934 12
30040 12 30005 8 ! 3021S S
80330 8 30427 8,30479 8
80510 40 3CWI4 2030716 8
G0741 60i30!)04 12|30832 12
50957 5,31010 8(31049 40
81187 20131233 12J31279 8
31478..... 20(31497 40 31532 8
31605 12131642 20 31765..^.. 20
31053 12132033 ' 12J32C95 8
82114 20032144 \u25a0 8132163 40
52226 20J32327 12 324H9 8
32550 40|32793 20132812 8
S2S7I 813293S 12)33009 40
33074 /\u25a0 5;33145 8 33168 S
33249 20133273 5;33307 12
33344 12=33595 &J33CC9 12
32835 12153987 8 34268 20
24332 8134349 12|34441 40
54447 8134335 12J34350 8
34777 20134511 8 34574 8
350C8 12135062 40135179 12
35276 20i35335 8133331:.... 8
35408 12;35364 835599 12
35638 5J35698..... 40 35744 12
35811 5133593 8 35905 12
85057 8'361»4 12 36296 8
3C317 8136337 S 36416 12
3*5455 12i36540 20i3636» 8
86617 8|36641 2036C09..... S
3CTI2 12 36716 12 36788 8
56873 6036884 12 36912 8
36954 12;37011 8 37082 8
37127 837164 20 37318 8
37541 20 37662 12 37699 2O
37853 12 37986 8 37993 8
55354 40 35439 20 38482 12
35C33 4038699 40 38784 8
38830 4038993 8 38097 20
£9166 8130180 20:30188 20
89257 1239299 \-
39343 60;39362 20i39406 12
50446 20139035 12i39604 60
39010 12139627 20139819 800
\u25a0SPS22 40 40011 8 40100 20
40122 840207 60 40257 .7. 8
40279 12 40305 40 40398 40
40437 840572 S 40583 S
4063S 8 40712 8 40735 20
4C975 4041011 8 41127 8
41129 12 41226 12,41347..... 8
41401 8 41473 4j41514 20
41M2 40 41677 8 41733 12
41512 12 41547 L... 8 42022 8
42123 8 42267 L... 12 42277 20
42323 8 42499 20 42869 12
4 ->902 8 42057 8 43020 20
43002 12 43155 8 43205 8
4356S 8 43600 8 43629 8
43754 12 44012 12 44044 ,8
44155 8 44153 40 41302 12
44416 12 44447 S 44513 12
44524 20 44649 20 44799 8
44577..... 8 44013 20 44981 40
45048 1245075 20 45674 12
45702 8 45718 '12 45850 20
46007..... 20146042 8 46112 20
46145..... 12 46220 8 46301 12
46477 4046736 8 46811 12
46993 8 47188 40 47142 8
47305 8 47423..... 8 47613 8
47668 12 47744 15000 47764 8
47795 12 47810 . .12 47370 8
47951 8 45038 8 48082 8
48110 8,48113..... 12 48244 40
48304 1245448 8 48770 20
48527 40 48983..... 20 49003 12
49057 20 49062 20 49114 la
49198 8 49223 40 49241 12
49304 2049441 12 49553 12
49647 2049682 8 40630 12
49715. 8 49761 8 40505 8
40819..... 20149900..... 12,40055 12
50010 8]50092 8J50187 20
50406 1250673 8 50720 60
60790 1250810 8150862 20
61031 2051083 8 51112 8
61163..... 40 51277 8 51328..... 40
61534 8 51610..... 12!51739 20
61762..... 8 51013 8J51055 12
62044. 12 52187 20:52192 . 20
52206..... 8152249 200152252 . 12
52465 20 ; 52067 40[32590..... 13
52601..... 8 52768 60J52812 8
52834 40152969 8(53000 8
53006 60 53116 12 53159 20
63260 8 53337..... 12153379 12
53441 8 53613 8153678. ....» 8
63833 853870..... 2053053..... 8
54100 8 54240..... 8 54316 " 40
64321 12 54462 8 54602 12
64647..... 8 54730. 12 54933 8
64999 . 8 55093..... 8 55109 8
65351..... 855568..... 20155603...... 2O
55622..... 40 55762..... 8 55772..... 20
55816..... ' 12155932 8!36030..... 8
50116..... 12136150..... 8:56227 s 20
66322..... 8)56302..... ' 8156611 12
66877 8 56852 8157082..... 20
57187..... 8 57278 20157384 8
57516..... 8 57587 1257600.. . . . 8
67657 12157960 20157988..... 8
58065.'.... 20|55000 8158169..... " 20
58180 12 58320..... S 58368 8
58832...... 8 58950 8 50201...:. 13
59338 8 59379 12 59509 . . . . . 12
69661. 20150789 . 8 30-SB3 12
60112..... 20]60187 . - 81H0209..... 40
60336 860397. . 8160478..... . 8
60543..... 2060770..... 8;00810 12
61084 12i«1114..... 3 61368 8
61481. 12U51452 4061684 4O
61769. 8i(U773. 40161815 S
61993..... 12 02061..... 12162070..... 2O
62122. . . . . 8162339 40162543 2O
62620..... 60162760. 8:62*13 12
62877...... - 8!«29I1. - 8162994 4O
63014:.... 2O'fi3O2S. 12!83265 . 8
63259..... 8163399..... > 12163410..... 20
$3445 20 63457.7... 12163528..... 20
Nov- Amount. |No. Amount. Ko. Amount.
63!>2l 'J>,«:itV£ >« 63717 "
B.TS&2 }<|»M<H.O 13i«rtlt , *
«411~ 12J84150 6»>,*429i J -
64234 S!«M2TI S «-».«>! «
64447 M::U7«>. . . . . 4(>!i;4..4 -T»
&«S;7 8»?H)»."» 12'iuKSl »
65102 S«2t7 K»;:.::44 I-
65M3..... 12;«3«a K«»710i *>
«5M5 2i>rt«K4 J>
&110t i «t!2l<* ' l^tW-'IH" '-•
6«477 S;««71» U».«5751 -'^
64J752 12;66M0 8;«W13 »-
6t»00 2i>;6fffll» 4O;«70Ol 1-
«70i»....; s|«7or><» ar>«7i47 «-
67155 12:67213 8«724!> 1-
67310 867547 2f;tC43S 4&V
67443 2057450 20187331 1-
67«R> }*'«7«57 12,87738 £>
67778 S.»rr.Sfi!» *;«7587 SO
6758» Br»r8 r »r; f .»27 2(»!fiSO4.-! 2V>
«8<«0 12168001 M.rtSllS *
68i«) »;«s.ra> s««42i »
e*3i« s:tss«a>4. « ««>l4 4i>
6M>27 2O«H;»2 12 6»113 J
e»2:ti 12 tao* siessc; J*
6030S 8 «M«2 J»:i»47t* 2T>
60534 8.'»»0«S S,»K«J.S S
60047 B[«>7:Mi 9\fSlTT>tl »
63^9 SSJSSS «Oj7OOCS 8
7\)022 B!7f>2l*> 12i7i>231..... —• »
7048(>!.... 12 70581 ISI7OBST J*
TOSII m:71I0« 8)71233 S»
71377 87iSf>T» 871431 «
71512 .. . 2»V71.V;» 8 71«SS »
1717.-,'. 4i> 717fi« SITIBI2 IS
71573 S:7lW*4 5'71«22 13
7204:; 1217208S 81T2183 : \u25a0 13
723.'^> 12:72573 <'>7271* 2f>
72^77 * 50173013 12;7:{i'-4« 4i»
•Xlil'. '.'.'.'. 1H73392 573J85 • ."»
73tW%4 8!735«3 « :
7.»r0 . .. 12T3T151 » 74033 12
74C37 874102 12 74 1 14 »
74125 * 74233 8J7433S 12
75013 575110 B'73ltW *
75200 $175337 40;75.-?S9 12
75450 §73624 20|75t:eS • . iV j?>
75712 12 73. i «OS « 75000 . 8|
76011 8 76064 12 76102 -, -»
76105 « : 7»122$ 1U;76310. ...«;,- 8
76329- 20!7fi391 8176420 *f>
76422 20! 70445 12|76t!1fl 2O
76755) 12:7(-'*02 4f>!"B9S3. ....^.\ »
77022 12 77C63 12177121...-. ",".'., 9
77175 1277204 8177310 «
77371 *1277477 B!77Sn »
77523 8 7793" 8J77983..... •* f »
7804fl 4C178091 8i78144 4O
73107 8178270 8|75336-...- V, 13
75360 8|78400 8178473 _, 12
78851 127*860 20789C3..... »
78940 12J79042 8i70052 12
79164 2o!":>l<>3 870219 8
7W78 12170541 1279557 20
79834 8i7998» 5;50072 8
80074 1215015.9 20:80233..... 20
80302 9,5m28 580454 . »
SOS3S 46'<«Cfl47 12 80761 20
80549 20180884..... 12 509"2. . ... J \u25a0- *
SlOl3 8!.81O8J> 8 8117S «
81196 8!<»127.S 1281379 2O
8144.1 200181473 20 81550 S
51832 40;51<«7 60;91931 40>
81962 8,82002 8,82110 2O
82116 552135 8 V 82250 2»
82370 2082449 8182452 12
82681 8i32513 20182555 '\u25a0>. -•
82935 20'«C015 8 S3CB6 20
53295 12!533M 12;8346» 49
53612 883616 40!83539. .... 13
83021 8184016 12!84041 H
54113 884166 6054315 «
8431S 40:84444 12i54530 12
84579 8|84«5» 81847*1. .... V < »
84979 883041 12 ; 83089 2*>
83234 2053250 4083542 12
S5«10 8 85739 20155776 12
S«116 20 8622S 40|56233 '..*;»\u25a0
56341 20 86440 12:36638 8
8f5743 4056827 8569C0 12
87179 12|87347 40137488 1000
87C31 1257692 12557730 40>
87739 12187803 2057531.....: "~ 8
$7916 B.SSOIS 8 W217 12
SS2O« 12.59321 20188759 12
58990 B|SS39S 8 89002 TSt
89116 &'BQrZ>~ 8595.-.7 \u25a0*!
C 9574 BS9«il«t 8 8f)«42 2V
9<X>l7 12i9C116 8'90170.....^. »]
90T.94...'.. 20|!XH13 2C| 90466 ..... -J.fi
90523 40 90347 8'90«53 9
00710 *:OCS22 8 90547 S
910R5 819111S 891403 »
91791 8 9201 1 12'92105>. ....." 8
82174 1292266 20192373 v 8
92108 12'92H04 12 ! r>2713 .'8
92553 20:93014 B'l>3Cj4 *>
93123 20 93274 20;tX'UfK>. . ... 20
03617 209.X51S 12iOS8S3 S
9:t!>i2 i2;9.'o.'Ji 8 0r;n04,. . . . 12
94C08 1294100 S!!MI2S 40>
944T0 20 !H438 12,!>432«. .... ", 8
1M305..... 12 94980 8 95009 12
93112 12 93274 ; 4i>i!>s2«H 8
93301 8J9533R SnC"96 8
95686 6n.9T>732 893761 S
03948 20:9«X5K.... 8 96133 CO
06223 5:9«'288 B!9CSI 2*
963:U 8:96342 20'9C443 20
86439 80^511 8 !»W«2 12
96613 12'9»iT29 2C0u'9»:»«l 12
96763 20::W:SS4 12W938 4O
97045 12 971.T9 8:97147.*.... 40
97221 2C :973W 8 97rtttt 21>
97400,.... 20 97443 507351 *>
07622 12197C53 J* i»774tf..... 2O
97730 2C 97518 12075R4...,. 8
97911 813TOS1 89807.". 12
98079 12:98159 60(88174 S
98209 8.98307 1295.V.0 S
98428 209.8499 12(98568 13
CSS7B 2O'ftS76t> BJ9S7S2 X'Z
98827 20198903 2V !>K9!t 8
90C03 129U150 89?»421..... w '8
99534 209i*U4 8 C9C9O 20
99710 12;90743 8;09933..... , 8
APPROXIMATIONS.
100 numbers, from 47U1>4 to 47794 inclusive,
being 50 numbers each aide of $15,000. <20.
100 numbers, from CS37I to 6747K Inclusive,
being 50 numbers each side of 14000. $12.
100 numbers, from 9C379 to 96K79 inclusive,
betrg- 50 numbers each side of $2000. $9.
100 numbers, from 87438 to 87538 Inclusive,
being 50 numbers each side of $1000, $4.
TERMINALS.
P99 numbers ending with 44, beinjr the two
last flsures of the number of $13,000, $4.
999 numbers ending with 26, being the tw?<B
last fleurcs of the number of $4000. $4. 1
999 numbers ending with 29. being the two >
last figures of the number of $2000, $4.
The above is for $1 tickets. Fractions in
proportion.
\u25a0 \u2666 »
BOT LOSSES TWO FINGERS.— Frank Page.
a seven-year-old boy residing at S23A Dors
street, lost two fingers of hia right hand while
playing with a revolving knife in a planing
mill at Seventh and Berry streets yesterday
afternoon. He was taken to the Central Emer-
gency HosDital, where the fingers w«re ampu-
tated at the first Joint by Drs. W. E. Stevens
and Frank J. Tlllman. --\u25a0
c Steamers leave Plen •
and 11. San Francisco.
For Ketchlkan. WraageL
Juaeaa, Treadwell. Balnea.
SKsgway, etc. Alaska— ll a.
to.. Dec 1. 8. 11. iflL 21. 28.
31. Jan. S. Change to this
company's steamers at Se-
attle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townaend, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes, ' South Bellingham. Belllngham — 11 a.
m.. Dec. 1. 6. 11. 18. 21. 26. 31. Jan. 3. Chans*
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Dec. 1. 7. 13. 19, 28. 31. Jan. 6. Corona,
1:30 p. m.. Dec 4. 10. 16. 22. 23. Jan. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sunday*. 9 a. in-
State of California. Thursdays. • a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cm*, Moa-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Huenerne—
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Deo. 8. 16. 24, Jaa. 1. -^_
Bonita. Old.. Dec. 4. 12. 20. 28. Jan. 3. J
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Joee del
Cato. Mamatlan. Altata, La Pas. Santa Rosa-
lia Guaymas (Mex.). 1O a. m.. 7th each month.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 190*— The
palatial Alaska excursion steamship SPOKANB
will leavo Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria June
7 21 July 5, 19. August Z.
*For further information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing datsa.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 "New Montgomery at.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market it. and Broadway
wbarveV Freight Offlce-10 Market st.
Oakland— 9s2 Broadway.
C D DUNANN. General Passenger Agent,
to Market st.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
\u25a0ORIENTAL S. S. CO.'
Steamers win leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets. 1 p. m.. for Yokohama and
Hongkong, calling at Honolnlu. Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing. >
S S "America Maru." Monday. Jan. 29. 19O«
s! S* "Nippon Maru." Tuesday. Feb. 20. 190*1
S <? ""Hongkong Maru." Thursday. Mar. 13. 19WI
"Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*.
For freight and passage apply at company* »
office seventh floor. Merchants* Exchanga.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
g « SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
"and Sydney. Friday, Dec. '.ls. '9 P. m.
S, S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Saturday. Dec
23. 11 a. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec. 2S. It a. m.
I. D. SPBECKILS & BEOS. Co.,'l2tS. Tic&t Cflcs 613
ItaiEst FrsigHt OSes 327 L'aifot SL, Pier 7 Paciflc St.
Campngnle Gencrnle Trnmntlnntlrjne.l
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Sailing every ThursJsy instead of *Up£jft*
Saturday. 10 i. m.. from Pier 42. "\u25a0 BR "«*»
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward OEM.
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 22 Broadway (Hudson buildlngi
New York. J. F.-FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coil
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. '. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by^all Railroad Tlaket AstataT^COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Well-street Stocks very active, but weak. Cotton loiter.
Local Stocks mid Bonds exhibit fez? interesting feature.-.
Wheat; Barley, Oats and Corn continue quiets
Hay, Beans and Feedstuff* as previously quoted.
Plenty of Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables on the market.
Poultry and Game markets well cleaned up and steady.
Limes higher. Other Fruits abcut as before.
Eggs 10-s-er again. Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Continued firmness in Dried Fruits.
Proi'ision and Meat markets slwzv no variation.
EASTERN* MARKETS.
Xerr York Money Market.
' NEW YOKK, Der. 14.— Slorey en call strong.
«3ii per cer.t: ru.ir.g rate. 7©7* per cent;
closing fcld. « per cent; offered «t € per c«t-
Sirre merry ""a* strong. Sixty and ninety
«ars tad t£x months, « per crct. A coimnls
«icn was ci.argea ca cense rhart time loaas,
shaking "J-,e pet rate 7 to 8 per cent.
Prime mercantUs paper. S*SG P* r cer.t.
\u25a0Ptrrliiig excfcar.ge was easy, closing ttea.y.
\u25a0with actuEl bueine?! In bar.ker*' fc'.".!» at $jL*MH)
<6-4>3SS for (".errand and at $4.S2£s£'l-5270 for
tixt.r d£K bills.
Posted raie?. $4 SSH anfl %i 66V48-t ST.
'-<\u25a0>— mcrci£l bills, H S2^.
Bar eiiver, C&Sc.
si*xlcaa iollare. r.O : t c.
(JweEsar.: becfis, w«stx; relircad bone*.
2rm.
New York Stock Market.
NCTT YORK. Dec. I*.— Speculative taterest
in the stock nerket was Tully rcalntalaed to- |
<iay. •« '.* aßtrnfiatttly i=fiicate« by the volume
of the cay's Ei.l-»«. The market xras decidedly
lrrf^ular at &V. ti^es ar.d m^re than once
curing the priiGress of the trading »'a« c«l t e
•uniformly -\u25a0\u25a0...- But nr^ziy brilliant t£var.c?e
•cored in clocks of large lrsuw.ee on epecula-
Uv« set;tirr.ent kept alive cocSdence in the
market aafi facilitated the process of realltlcg
rroflt?. which xraj the cause of the stationary
cr backward condition of nasy stocks la the
list and -the eharp break &t the last. The evi
dence cf Fuceessful prcgress in the distribution
\u25a0cf cl« fcolilr.g* Is one of the most satisfactory
features in exy active bull market. Ths al
most t-ntire absence of 5t la tie course of the
current et^cc'.eKoti fcts been a large caves for
"the «t*trurt and criticiern cf the tntrVet as
being artificial aafl Cagrar.tly tr.anlpul&ted.
The cccservative cla«» among the commission
rioures have not been «lew to express ttfelr con
•x-jotion that the unlrterrcpted advanc* in prices
\u25a0w-ithou! any paoses to effect the distribution of
tcliirg* ie entire', y abßortc&l and has made it
Impossible for them to a£vJee their clleets to
go Into the pre»er.t n^arket. This conservative
class oT brokers has s«r. ft« market defy their
rreciCTloas Car after C&r ted have "h^A to
receive the buries of complaints from custom
ers who have failed to co 3» Into th« msrket.
To- fiav's speculative favorites Included seme
o* t*e "rubstant:»l Btaniara etocka, but the char- ;
eeter cl their mov«nect •»£» not Clfferer.t froaa ,
that 11-hicl! has occurred lr. other less lr.2aen- :
t:aj securities. Newe to account for the move
meat was lacking, but there was the usual 1
clrculatJea cf tips to fcer&ia the movemect and
cioee'.y 'ollcwtr.? this tie outbreak of enormous
activity Sn the 6>sirr*ted stocks. The o;>era
t'.en of orpanlreS epecnl&tive partlee cotld ROt
te more cieirty Ir.'iicated. A feature attract
ing much attention 5* the very large buying
ehr**"* cf -what are called American prfvlieies.
Pxa^haees of calls for American stocks 1b Lon
don prompted the purchase of stocks here ac
pert Fecarfry for tie sellers of these privileges.
Isut the purchase of these calls. It Is pointed
oct. may be designated as an Insurance on
the part cf local speculative bolSers "wbo 4e
eire to Ilptteri their holdings during the re
maS^ins: period of money xincertalnty. Wnile
coicnierclal Scars were nss.Se at lower raiee on
the Stock Exchar.ge to-day. It Is realized in all
quarters that the period of money uncertainty
is sal ret j'Sst. Time losns for short periods
eocttirm-5 to coTcmand a prprcism in the chape
of commissions, which raised the net cost to
7 or ?. The ve*iLlT statrmpnrs of the great
foreign bulks. jmbUshed to-day, showed do im
provement In money eocSitione afcroafl. The
persister.t lkjtiSiation !r. the Rock Island stocks
Y.tLfl a fSecl on 6entiment and the
isnrespetieivenese of the United States Steel
\u25a0todn to the brilllact showing cf trade condi
tions was » eiss-ppolstmeat. An attentive eye
also was kept upon the proceedings of the
United Mine Workers' convention. The de
cided break in prices in the last hour was not
cverooM.-e when the rnarint closed In spite of
a few le-reriFh rallies and the closing *m
ectSve acd weak, with losses the rule and very
little left even of the dav"s prindp&l gains.
Bonfif -were firm. Total tales, par value.
*3.115.<»0. United States 3s ar.d the old and
»*«\u25a0 4s Ceclined x « -per cent on call.
\eir York Btedc List.
E. F. Huttoa & Co.. 430 California street,
San Fraaeisoo, members of the New Tork
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
<juots.tiGfis cf that Exchange:
£«;<*. j STOCKS. Low.{ Bld.j Ask"
iAdains Express..; | |240 250
LtOOAllis Cnalmers-.j 22* ; 21* 21* 22
j r>o pra < i €2* 63
iSS.6C»C..AniaIg Copper -SIG2 j SStejlWii HXHt
'Am Beet Sugar.. j j 123* 24*
i Do pfd J ---•-! S3 fe s
lAmCanCo I S 9*i »*
\ Do pfd J 70*1 71
5,500 in Car 4FyC6 41 "^ 40* i 40* | 46U
Soo' Do pfd j 69* 885nj «t»Hj 89
3,*oo;Aia Cotton OU..J Z&\\ S5 Ss*| 3514
400] Do pfd 22-%\ S2>i] 92*1 93*
Urn Dist Tri 37 J 43
jAia Espress :224/j230
600 Am Gr Twine Co 10% 10* i I»* 10*
14.0-*) t Ani Hide & L.. 11* S%\ 10% 10« i
12.TW Do pTd 44*4 \u2666»*! 43 *3»4
SOOAm Linseed 21* 21*| 21* 22
! Do pfd 43 44
17.500 Am Locomotive. 71 j €9fc €6% 68%
Do pfd 116*117
Am Malt ! ! 4* 5*
] Do pfd I 26iJ 26*
\u2666I.MiOAxn Em &Rf Co 165 !iei*l62*;ie2>4
S,3rtf'i Do pfd 11M 1133 {122*;1?3
3(J.ooo|Ajn Sugar '14*% 147 |14T* 147*
Do pM 1S» 140
800 Ara Eteel Fflries: 13«4 lSßfc 13*1 I3»i
eOOI Do pfd ! «S 47* 47* 46
Ara Te! & T Co.! i 132 137
ZOOo'aei Tob pfd 108 10754 !107-, 108
12 000, Am WooUa .... 45>i 43\ 44* H%
J Do pfd 105 105*
80.SO0 Anaconda 122 ISS IS7 187*
-Ana Arbor S2 87
.1 Do pfd ! : 75 W
lArcadlaa Copperj | 5 ! 5*
4.500 Atlan Coast Line 164* 162* 162 162*
16.400.A T & S F « BS*I 87*! 67% 87*
aOO; DO pfd (105i,105 ;104 IM*
S3.ot«o;Ba!t & 0hi0... '114* U3J»'ll3*[ll3H
Do pf3 )••••\u25a0 19T »8
?B*y State Gas.. %i *i
44.0008 R T ' e3%\ S6«*| 86«» S6*
-Brock Ua Gas..) jISO 190
300 t lJruas D & 1.... 20* 20 13* 20*
'Butterifk Co ...' j J2 | 53
'CarAfla. ScntherßJ j 70 j 71
SL2oo Canadian Psclfic'l7s*'l73«ijl73%;i73>4
12,300 Cent Leathtr ..,[ 46 44 j 44*1 45
' 1,9fi0! Do pfd .103J4103 103 103*
2.500 C & O 56^, 55 53 55*
>C * A SI 33
100; Do pfd I7C 78 75*j 70*
fc & E I pfd 125*!123
(C I& I. pfd 75 S5
8.800 C * G W........ a'i 21% 21* 21*
Do pfd A 7«* 77
5.700 Do pfd B I 55%1 Ssi; 33* Ss\
Do d*b» ...I »8 S6*
2.000 C A M W .221 )216yi218 '219
44.000 C M t St P....;i51*|179*!17e6 B !IT9T,
j Do pfd ?167 !«»O
16.4%: Do fM «» la* 62»ii «3
I Do 4s 78* 79
J Cfclcaco Ter 15 17*
I Do pM j 87 39
700 CsKago Un Trac 11% UK U U*
I Do pfd SS 40
2,100 C C C&£t U. 107 108 106* 107
I Do pfd •• 118 121
?C!eve Lor A W.. .......... SO 85
t Do pfd 105 10S*
25,700 Coio Fuel &. Iron 64* 51* 60* 52
j Do pfd S9* 95
l.Con'Cc!un> H C & L- IS* 18U IS* IS*
l.CW)!Co!orado So 2*« i 2S* 2S* 2SH
G00! Do Ist pfd ... «S«i CS* 6S* eS=i
2.900! Do 2d pfd .... 47 4«U 4«»» 46%
22 «* Conaal Ga» .... ISS ISI - ISI 182
l.OOftlCora Products .. 15 14% I*% 15
10fM Do pfd 85 55 05 Cs*
IOODeI &. Hudson . 224 te23 223 224
'D L&' W 450 475
CCO'D & n G 37* 37 3614 37*
Do pra so jo*
De* M & Ft D 24 26
(Detroit Ua By 94* 95
IDetrolt So 10 H
' Do pfd S7 E9
{Diamond Match 143 145
L7.2oo'Dlst!l Secur El 50 50_ &0U
j Do Ijonds S2"g 8S
> <oo:r>u!u:h s s * a.. 20* 20* 20 20%
, SCO! Do pfd 41%, 41 40* 41
£I.7oG,Eri<? 4a* 4S 4« 4S*
LSOOi Z>O 5m pJd SO* SUM SO* SI
5COi Do 2d pfd 73* 73 73 I 73*
IB & T H 74 SO
j Do pf<l ...f.. j . S3 90
4Oo Federal M4k 5..1158 138 138 ;i3S*
' i,ZOGi Do pfd tIOO {108 iIOS iICB»4
..{Ft W& D C ...I \ 1 72U1 76 »
:Gea Chemical ..j !.....] 74. 76
Do pfd I i 10« 10 '^
ioOOGen Electric ... 187% 185 IS5* ISO*
300' Great No pfd —272 270 270* 2a*
SO.OOC Greene Cons Copl 32 SO* 30* SO%
'Greene Guld ..J 4 4*
Havana Tob Co 33 34
j t>o pfd «• 40 43
Hocking ValUy IIOS 114
100j Do pfd 94 94 j 931; »4*
1.800 Illinois Central .. 176\ 177 176*1 17
-lnterboro 216 "IS
Inter Martae «%
Do pfd Srl'SlN
4.200 Inttr Psper .... 24 23* j 23% 23* ;
IOOi Do rfd S7 86M 86*] 6i
100 Inter Power .... 57*; 57* 07* 68
jln-.er Pump » |1
IX> pfd j 81 82
2.2O0,Io»-a Central ..! 29»ii 29 29 29*
1,100;' Do pJd s»4ii PS»i S^ 4 «-S i
iKsnawha & Mch; »4* 6j* j
100,'KC FtS & M pfd 85* j 65*: 84* 85* '
26.5CO.Kans Oty So ..i 3U'm 33* S4^J S4* j
£3,500; Do pfd { eSSiI 66 66 67 j
Keokuk &D M ; « 1«* j
(Laclede Gas pfd » 110
300Leie Erie & W.i 42'u.l 42 41\ 4-*
jDo pld | j|s |f
'Lehlgh Valley...! l !S^*' 2i** '
lOOLong Is:ar.d {«S j«8 6S i 0
8.700 Louis & Na£b...lf>4 152*15214 152*
iMackay 51 olji
Do pfd ! I 72% 72%
l.SeoJMauhattan ,164* ,163 1163 JICS
II.OOOMet SectiriUes.-.i 76«4i 74*| 75 | 75*
SI.SCOMet St Ry il22*;il9%ill9ai 119%
8.000 Mexican Central. 24*: 24 I 24* 24%
700 Minn &St L....| SO j79 79 81
200 Do Ist pfd )100 iIOO 89 100
2,000. M. St P& S S M!139*!137 ,137* 130
000 Do pfd 167*!167*|ie7 1«S
IO.IOO'Mo. Kan & Tex.] s?^i 37«i| 37% S7* :
4.9«> Do pfd 67* i 66* i 67>^ 63*
12.500 Miwoarf Pacific. 103* i 102 102* 102*
SOONaeh C*Et L. li 2 ;150 150 152
27,100 National Lead...] S9* 56% 66 1 -;! 87
200; Do pfd ;10$*'l06* 105 jl0«*
40ft ( NU R R Mcx pffi 40 jS3 i BS* 39*
I,Boo, National Biscuit. 63* 62 j 62*1 6:1
i Do pfd Ul4*]lls
8.600 Nevada J 12%| 11*] 11*1 12
500 New Jersey Cen. 227* 225 ;223 i 226
100 N T. Airbrake... 'l 66 166 ICB 167 '
29.500' New York Cen.. 157 i 154% 155*!1C2*
1.700.X T. C & St L. 69* 6S* 6S* 69^
Do Ist pfd 1 lIS 120
j Do 2d pfd !•..•.! 90 82
1.9C0 New York Dock.? 84 jSO ]32 35
200 NT,NH & H. 197 196*1196*197
4.600 N T. Ont & W. 53*! 82* f.2*j 52%
s.9oo'Norfolk & West. Ss*» 84«» S4SI 84 s i
Do pfd j J 92*1 93*
4,2oo ( North American. 101* | 99«4 99?*|100
1.100 Northern Pacific. jl9o j195*,195 ,195*
COO'Oirjita iIS9 11SS (137 (190
* Do pfd ! IST 1193
jO S L 4s j 95»4t &6
400 Padflo Coast ]105*105 (105 lOC
100. ! Do Ut pfd ;10S*il08 JlO4 10S
100; Do 2d pfd 10S (107*U06
1,600 Pacific Mail 4**j 4S**! 48* 49*
123,600 Perm R R C 0 ... 14J jl4l*;l4lH;i4l T *
S.2oo,People's Gas 106* 105^4 j105%5;i05 T «
PCC & EtL rfd. tlO5t 105 {110
500 Pressed Steel Car 56* 55*! 55*1 56
IOO| Do pfd 99* 99* 99%j100
i.PuUman Car Co ;246 ]250
I.2oo'Ry Steel Springsj 61 JOO CO 60*
I Do pfd j 1 99^100
SMOaßeafllr* (140%; 138% 13*&8)135%
200 Do Ist pfd J SC* 02 »2 J93
1 Do Zi pfd j 95 197*
4,4oo; Republic S * 1.. i 34* i 33*; 34 I 34*
8,000'; Do pfd JIOS 107«» 107 107*
ißubber Goods...] 1 3S 40
I Do pfd 1 1 104 107
11.CO0 Sloes SS & I Coj 91% IS9 9O 90*
Do pfd ]H9 120
«C 0 StL &. SF Ist pfd 73* 72* 72%( 73
S.CW Do 2d pM ...j 56% 55 54%| 66
50C>St L& S W ... 23* 23 22*j 23
! Do pfd 8«i 1 BS*4
I.U6 l Somheni Pac ... 71% €&% <»% «9*
! Do i»fd 1121 122
B,ooo Southern Ry ...] SC*, 355s 35%| 35=i
! Do pfd ' 1 99*, 100%
iStandard Oil ...j 1 J6SO J6SS
7.BooTecn jCoal & 1.(145 !139iii143H!143*
StK>:Texas P L T Co : C 5 64 ! 64 I 64*
73,500: Texas Pacific ..j 55% 34%! 34* 34 ",
W»o Third Avenue ..!125 )124 j 124* 125
100 Toledo R & T Co S2%] 82*! 32^J 22%
Toledo St L & W j 1 3C«4] 37
300, : Do pfd 6S*j 58 57%« 5S
2.300 Turin City R T. lIS !115*ill6*i 117*
400 Union Bag & P 14%! 14* 14 14*
| Do Dfd I i 81 82
336.200 Uni0n Pacific ..1146«i'143% 144% 144%
*00! Do pfd j 9S j 97* 97? i bS
Do cony 4s ..1 1 143 143*
United Copper ..] j 64 Gi*
Soo:United RofSF 92*f 92 (92 92*
300[ Do pfd 94* 93 94 94*
7.200j Do 4s : SS* 87% 88* BS%
1.300 U S Cast Iron P. 45? d 45 44=i 45*
200* Do pfd 94 92«4' 92*t 93%
\V S Express 1 114 118
50C\U S Leather ... 14* i 14 14 14*
Do pfd 111*117
200 U S Realty & C 87 83 87 S8
LIOOiU 8R & R Co. 32« i 32 81% 32
400' Do pfd 71 * 71 70* 72
2.500 J tJ S Rubber ... 55*| 55 55 Bs*
1.30»: Do pfd ,112 fill 111 111*
53.000U S Steel Cor .. 35% 37% 87% SS
17.100 ; Do pfd 105*j104% 105 105*
11.700! Va-Car Chem Coj 45* AZ% 44 44%
1.600 Do pfd 115% 114 a« 115 115*
200 Wabash 20"* 20* 20* 20\
200 Do pfd 41% 41% 41% 41%
I Do deb Bs- .. : 7fi 76*
Wells Fargo Ex. 227 235
goVwestern Union... 93% 03% 63 93*
300,WfsUnghou9- ..177*177 175 176
Do Ist pfd l»0 193%
4OWW*LE 18 17% 17 18
Do Ist pfd 42* 43
1OO: Do 2d pfd .V. 25*1 25* 25 26
800 Wisconsin Cen.. 31 30% 30% 30%
I.OOO! Do Pfd j 64 j 62* d* 63
1,813,016— T0tal shares told.
New York Bonds.
U S ref 2s res--102»i', Japan 6«. 2d ser. ©8%
Do coupon 103%', Do 4*s cert.. 92%
Do 3s reg 102% 1 Do 2d series.. 82*
Do coupon 102*4 1 L & N unified 45.105*
Do old 4s reg. .102%! Man con gold 45.104
Do coupon 103%! Mcx C-ntral 45... 80*
Do new 4s reg.lSO%; Do let Inc 25
Do coupon 130% Minn & St L 45.. 97
Amer Tob 4s *1 M. X & Texas 45.100%
Do 6s 115* Do 2ds S»
Atch gi-n 4« 102% NR of Mer eon 4s 85
Do adj 4s «3*!N* T C gen 3*s.. 99*
AUaatic C L 45.101%|N- J C gen 5s 134
Bait «; Ohio 4S.IC2*! Nor Pacific 4s 105*
Do 3*s 95V*' Do 3s ; 77
BrooklynßT c 4s 9f»%| Nor * W con 45.102
Central of Ga 55.113 OS L refdg 45... 96
Do let lac 94 {Pa cony 3«.s 103*
Do 2d- lac S2 j Reading gea 45... 1C3*
Do 3d Inc 75 SL& I M con 55.115%
Cbes & Oslo 4*5.107% S L & S V fg 4«. 87%
Chi & Alton 3*s. 80 'St L S W con 4s. 80%
C. B& Q new 45.101% Seaboard A L 4s. 89 :
C, R I & Pac 4s. 7S* So Pacific 4s 94
Do col 5s 89* Do Ist 4s cert. 97 '\u25a0
CC.C & ELgn 45.102%j50 Railway 55... 120 I
Colo Ind is, fr A 76»4jTex & Pac 15t5.,123 \u25a0
Do ss, ser 8... 75* Tol.St L & W 4s. 83%
Colo Midland 45.. 77*i Union Pacific 45. 106%
Colo &So 4s 94 I Do cony 4s 143*
Cuba 5s ICS iU S Steel 24 ss. 96*
Den & Rio G 4s. 101* I Wabash lsts 114
Diet Securities 5s S3 { Do deb B 76
Erie prior lien 4s. 101* Western Md 45.. 86
Do gen 4s 93 |w &L. Erie 45.. t>2 ;
Hock Val 4*s. ..lt»*' Wls Central 45.. 65*
Japan 6s 89%|
2Vew York' .Mining- Stocks.
Adams Con 25j Little Chief ....07*
Alice , 155iOatario 3 50
Brtece 40- Ophir 5 75
Brune Con — j Phoenix 01
Com Tunnel .... OS] Potoel 08
Con Va Mln Co. 1 a Savage 48
Horn Silver 1 70] Sierra Nevada .15
Iron Silver 350 Small Hoj>es ...-. SO
Le&dviHe Ccn ... 051 Standard 3 75.
Boston Stocks and Do ads.
Ma<ey— Ju S Steel r>fa...lM«i~
Calrloans 7@S. Weeting Common 85 '
Time loans s*©6i Mining-
Bonds — Adventure .....".. 7
Atchison 4s 101% Allouez 40*
Do adj 4s 83 Amal Copper ....100%
Mcx Central 45.. 78 Amer Zinc ....... —
Railroads— Atlantic ......... 23*
Atchlsoa 57% Bingham ........ 86*
Do pfd.. If* Calumet & Hecla.72o
Boston &\u25a0 Albany.2s3'4 Centennial 7S* !
Bostoa & \u25a0 Malne.l7o j Copper Range ... 81
Boston E3ev 154 Daly West 17*
Fltchburg pfd... 140 Dom Coal .78 i
Mer Central .... 23* Franklin - 17* ;
N T. N H & H. 102 ! Granby 9% i
p*re Marquette. . 55 Isle Royale ;....' 24 J
Union Pacific ..144% Mass Mining 7*:
Miscellaneous — J Michigan ;.;17
Amer Arse Chem 24% Mohawk ......... 62*
Do pfd. 02 Mont Coal & Coke 4
Amar Pneu Tube 10 North Butte ....87 |
• THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL; FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1905.
Amer "Sugar 147 I Old Dominion ... 33*
Do pfd .... 139*1 Osceola I°,'
Amer Tel & Te1.136 'Parrot .' 33%
Amer Woolen ... 44* Quincy 109
Dopfd... ICS Shannon •?*
Do.-n Iron & S.. 25% Tamarack 12*
Ed Elect 11ium.. 229 Trinity 10%
Gen Electric IS4 United Copper ... Co*
Mass Electric ... 15 US Mining 40vt,
Do pfd 60 US Oil 8
Mass Gas 47** Utah 6g%
United Fruit ...10*% Victoria 6*4
Un Shoe Mach... 73* Wlnona 8
Do pfd 31 Wolverine 132
U S Sttel 37«J
THE COPPER STOCKS.
BOSTON. Dec 14-— After the rapid advanes
of the past three days the overdue reaction
occurred to-day. The market seemed full of
stop orders. A stop order for one thousand
shares at S9 in Nwth Butte was. caught and
tfce trade broke the price to 86 before It \u25a0could
be executed A sharp rally followed as sup-
I^rtins orders came in, but the etock sagged
off at the close. Copper Range, which has
been liquidated freely In the past few days,
was slightly weaker. The market had every
appearance of halting for the present.
\u25a0weakm«s in North Butte was due to the over
advances.
LawEcn has sent notice to his pool members
of a loss of 36 per cent, cf which $2,400,000
was lost in etocks and $1,200! 000 in copper
metals. He gives pool members the right to
withdraw If they desire.
London Closing Stocks.
N T Central ICO*
Cons for money. . S9 I Nor & Western. . 87
Do for acct..S9 3-16[ Do pfd 95 *
Anaconda 9»i Ont & Western.. 64%
Atchison 90% Pennsylvacla .... 72%
Do pfd IC3 Rand Mines 7*
B*lt & Ohio 117% Beading 72* \u25a0
Can Pacific 179%' Do Ist pfd 48
Cbes & Ohio 57*1 Do 2d pfd 50
Chi Great West. 22*jSo Railway 87*
Chi, Mil &St P.lS4*; Do pfd 102*4
De Beers 17%j So Padflo 71%
Den & Rio G... 35% Union Padflo ...US
Do pfd 92* Do pfd 101
Erie 49% UB Steel.. 89%
Do Ist pfd S3 Do pfd 106*
Do 2d pfd 75V4 Wabash 21*
111 Central IS2 Do pfd <2*
Louis & Na5h... 157 Spanish 4a 91%
M. X & Texas... 89 J
Bar silver — Steady; 80 B-16d per ounce.
Money — I*®2* per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 3* per cent and for three months'
\u25a0 bills 3* per c*nt. \u25a0?-•. . .
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Dec 14. — To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of th« $150,000,000 gold re
•erve, shows: Available cash balance $137.
800.001; gold coin and bullion, f37.70e.436; gold
certificates, J53.451.280.
~^.»vr York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, Dec 14. — There was soma
liquidation by yesterday's purchasers around
the opening and aggressive bear pressure by
one or two prominent operators who are no
doubt short of an extensive line and are fight
ing with a view of bringing about liquida
tion. Uverpool showed a much bekter de
mand for spots, as indicated by their good
sales. There was good demand for spots in
the South to-day with prices somewhat higher.
Washlngtoa wires: "The next rlncer«' re
port will be Issued at 1 o'clock New Orleans
time on the 20th."
New Orleans wires: "Local spot account
market reported quiet and unchanged. Not
much doing on account of inclement weather.
It has been raining steadily for thirty-six
hours."
Cotton futures elesoa barely steady. De
cember 11.46 c; January. 11.56 c: February.
ll.Oc; March, 11.85 c: April. 11.91 c; May,
II.SSc; June. 12.01 c; July, 12.05 c
Spot cotton closed quiet. Middling uplands,
12c; middling gulf. 12.25 c Sales. 1100 bales.
Xerr Orleans Cotton Market.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. ' 14. — Spot cotton
closed quiet; middling, llvtc
A'evr York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK Deo. 14. — FLOUR — Receipts,
22,550 barrels; exports, 34.400 barrels. Dull,
but steady.
WHEAT— Receipts. 87,000 bushels; export*.
114,500 bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 93* c
elevator and 95@95*c f. o. b. afloat;. No. 1
Northern Duluth. 85 % c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b. afloat. Influ
ence! at firet by lower cat>ses and bearish Ar
gentine weather news, wheat recovered on a
large flour clearance, only to weaken again at
midday under liberal Western receipts. A sec
ond rally followed, owing to the bull support,
and the market closed %@«»c net higher. May.
03* c; December. 95c.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
HOPS — Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
COFFEE — Futures closad quiet, ret un
changed to 6 points lower. Sales, 27,700 bags,
including: February. 635 c; March, 6.3556.40 c:
May 6.50ff6.60c; July. 6.70 c; September. 6.55®
I 6.90 c'; November. 6.95 c. Spox— Rio, quiet; mild,
quiet.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; renned, «te*dy.
BUTTER — Unchanged.
CHEESE; — Unchanged.
EGGS — Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market con
tinues firm, with some dealers holding prime
fruit for 9%c although supplies are obtainable
! a shade under that figure. Common are quoted
j at 7@*c; nearly prime, &a*J\4c; prime, 9%c;
choice, 10* c; fancy. lltf-lSa
! PRUNES — Are in fairly active demand for
! email lots and prices rule firm, from 4%c to
9c, according to grade.
APRICOTS — Are moderately active for the
\u25a0 season owing to light stocks In retail hands.
Choice" are quoted at S*@9c; extra choice, 9Vt
©10c: rancy, 10©12 c.
PE\CHES— Are quiet, But firmly held, with
extra choice quotld at loc; fancy, 10*0110;
extra fancy, 11*&13 c
RAISINS — Are In moderate demand and gen
erally steady. Loose Muscatels are quoted at
S?i€?7%c; seeded raisins, 5HS®c; London lay
ers, $1 €0. '
Xew Tork Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 14. — The upward move
ment In the London tin market continued,
with prices showing a gala of about £1 10s for
the day, and closing at £165 12s 6d for spot
and £164 5s for futures. The local market
was firm, with epot held at $36@36 40.
Copper also advanced In the London market,
with spot quoted at £80 12s 3d and futures at
£79 12s 3d. Tbe local market continues Very
firm in the absence of offerings. Lake and
electrolytic are quoted at $18 50@19, and cast-
Ing at $18 12*©1S 67*.
Lead was a little higher in London, closing
at £17 2s Gd. but remained very firm In th»
local market at prices ranging from $5 SS to
$6 10, according to lot.
Spelter was unchanged at £23 15s In London
and $C 45ff8 55 locally.
Iron was uacbanged abroad, with standard
foundry quoted at 52s 2d and Cleveland war
rants at IZa 3d. The local market Is firmly
held. No. 1 foundry. Northern, Is quoted at
$18 75®19 35; No. 2 foundry. Northern, $18 25
©\u25a018 75; No. 1 foundry. Southern, $18 50@
IS 75; No. 2 foundry. Southern. $18018 75.
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Dec. 14.— Trading In the wheat
pit was quiet and prices fluctuated within a
very narrow range. During the first half of
the session sentiment was Inclined to be bear
ish, although th* news xif the day was of such
an indefinite character as to be of little value te
either bulls or bears. A slight decline In the
price of wheat at Liverpool caused a depres
sion oa the local board at the opening, the May
option being unchanged to %c lower at 88%e
to 6S*c An increase In primary receipts
brought cot some selling toward noon and the
price of Mar eased off to BS%c Late In the
day leading bulls came Into the market and
because of their purchases tho market hard
ened. The close was firm, with prices at the
highest polat of the day. Jlaal quotations on
May being up %o to SSTic.
The volume of trading In com was extremely
Email. The market closed firm, with prices
up *©%c May at'44*©44%c
Oats were steady. May cioeed unchanged at
32% c.
Active demand for lard and ribs created a
firm provision market. At the close May pork
was up Be lard was up 7*c and ribs were
2*eCc higher.. V
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—2 —
December 86* SBK S5*V 86%
May SS* , 88* SS% 88j6
July 83% 84 53% 84
Corn No. 2—
Dec (old). 45% 45* 45* 45%
Dec. (new) .... 44% 44% 44% 44%
May 44 44% « 44%
July. 44U 44% 44% 44%
Oats No. 2—2 —
December 30* 80% 30* -50%
May 32% 32* 32% 22%
July ........... 30"4 81 SO% 30?!
Mess Pork, per bbl — --
January ..13 00 13 05 12 95 13 05
May .....13 20 13 27*13 15 18 27*
\u25a0 Lard, per 100 lbs — \u25a0 \u25a0 .• -
December...... T55 T 55 7 50": "7 62^4
January ....... 7 25 7 SO 7 25 7 SO
May 725 7 27* 7 25 .7 27*
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January ..'...... 6 BO ft 90 C 83 6 00 "
May -.7 07* 7 12* 705 7 12*
C:i«h Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Dec 14.— Cash quotations were as
follows: • •
FLOUR — Easy. No. 2 spring wheat, 85®SSc;
No. 3. 62@87c; No. 2 red, BS©SBT*c; -No. '2
corn. .45* c: No. 2,yellttw. 45*c;;No. 2 oats,
SOSlc: No. 2 white.- S2*lS-33lac; No.-3'whlte.
30*e32s<ie: No. 2 rye. 66c; good feeding/bar
ley 3Sc: fair to choice, malting. 42(3 49c; Ko. 1
flaxseed 98c; No. 1 Northe western, $1 04*;
prime timothy seed. S3 30; mess pork, per
bbl $15 S7*«?l3; lard, per 100 lbs. $7 52*@
7 55- short ribs sides (loose), $6 87*97; short
clear sides (boxed). 57 12*$7 25; whisky, oasis
of hieh wines, $1 30; clover, contract grade.
$12 75@13.
Articles— Receipts.* Shipments.
Flour, barrels '16-££ 21>§°°
Wheat, bushels 140.C00 . 19,700
Corn, bushels 329,200 21 *700
Oats bushels ..219.200 : 418.500
Rye,' bushels ..- 1.000 1,000
Barley, bushels 89.600 '86,500
. / \u25a0\u25a0
Butter, Cheese and Ese».
CHICAGO. Dec 14.—0n the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries. 17€23*4e: dairies. 17520 c.
EGGS Steady st mark, cases included, 153>
230; firsts, 20o; prims firsts.*24c; extras, 26c.
CHEESB—Steady at ll*@*lSc
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Cnlcaso.
CHICAGO, Dec 14.—CATTLE—Recerpts.
9000- strong; beeves. $2 4O®<s 75; cows and
heifers, $1 50@4 75; stockers and feeders. $2 40 :
@4 SO; Texans. 53 W>g>4 25; Western, $4 80S.
4 CO.
HOGS—Receipts. 28,000; market strong; estl- j
, mattd to-morrow, 27,000; mixed and butchers.
Si 7505 05: good heavy $4 90®5 05; rough
'\u25a0\u25a0 heavy $4 7034 SO; light. *4 7535; pics, $4 40®
4 90; "bulk of sales. $4 85^>4 95.
SHEEP— Receipts. \u25a0 1S.0U0: market steady;
6heep, Slfis 90; lambs. $4 75®8.
Omaita. \u25a0 '\u25a0>
OMAHA, Dec. 14.—CATTLE—Receipts, «5O0;
market eteady; native steers. $3 604T8: cows
and heifers. $2 25@4 23; Western steers. $2 75
C? 4 40- Texas steers. $2 65®3 65; cows and
heifers $2©S 25: canners. $1 7832 50; stock
ers and feeders. $2 503* 25;. calves. $356; bulls
and stass, $1 75®3 50. \u25a0
HOGS — Receipts, 11.500: market 5c lower;
heavy $4 8004 00; mixed. $4 So®4 55: Mght,
$4 75®4 55; pigs, $4 25@4 60; bulk of sales,
SHEEP— Receipts. 3000; market steady;.
yearlings $6«« 25; -wethers $5 40@5 75; ewes,
$4 7555 40; lambs. $6 75@7 60.
Kaasns City. ,
KANSAS CITY. I>«e. 14.—CATTEE—Re
ceipts S000; market steady; native steers, $49
6 25- native cow* and heifers, $2(ffs; stockers
and feeders. $2 75@4 W; bulls $5 2584^calves.
$307 25; Western steers, $3 50(8* 60; "Western,
cows ?2®3 50.' \u25a0 •'•'\u25a0
HOGS—Receipts ! 12,000: market Bo lower:
bulk of \u25a0*!•». $4S3S>t9sj heavy. |4 »0O«:
packers. $4 8554 97*; pigs and lights. $4 78
@4 93
SHEEP—Receipts. 4000; market steady; mut
tons $4 50@6: lambs, $5 75^7 60: fed wethers.
55 25®C 60; fed ewes. $4 75<36 »».
SIISCELIjAXEOTJS MARKETS.
Forcisn Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
WTieat J>9C March. '. May.
Opening...^ Q IW, 7* 8 10%
Closing ........... * «* f 6 lO*
PARIS.
' Wheat — D*Q. Mar.-June.
Opening 23*® 2*20
effi?.... 23 40 24 20
Flour-
Opening SOW 31 63
Closing .... 80 83 81 63
- St. Louf* Wool Slarket.
6T LOUIS. Dec 14.—Wool steady. Medium
grades combing and clothing. 26530 c; light
fine. 21®26c; heavy fine, 19321 c; tub washed,
33@41*c. '
Xorthera Whrn( Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec 14.—WHEAT—Export:
Club 72c; bluestem. 74c; red. 68c Choice
milling: Club. 73c; bluestem, 75c; valley, 73c
WASHINGTON. \u25a0
TACOMA. Dee. 14.—WHEAT—For export,
unchanged; bluestem. 75c; dub, T3o; red, 70c.
Xorthcxn Bujilnesa.
PORTLAND, Dec. 14.—Clearings. $762,009;
balances. $53,494.
TACOMA. Dec 14.—Clearings, $687,039; bal
ances, $48,893.
SEATTLE. Dec 14.—Clearings. $1,902,661;
balances, J191.105.
SPOKANE. Dec 14.—Clearings, $526,279;
balances. $71.185.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver advanced %c.
LOCAL.
Sterling' Exchange, eixty days../ — ©4 83};
Sterling Exchange, sight — ©4 S6ii
Sterling Exchange, cables — @i 87 Vi
Now York Exchange, sight — Q 02
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — @ 05
Silver, per ounce. 65$g® —
Mexican Dollars -5...-.-J-. ..i-??-.... — 9 '51
" INTERNATIONAL.
New York, on Paris .".....' 816%
New Yor* on Mexico 200
Paris on London 25.10
Berlin on London 20.27%
' Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The markets all over the world
were quiet and featureless yesterday. In this
market there were -no changes of note, trade
being Inactive. A Chicago wire said that
Northwestern millers estimate the. Argentine
exportable surplus of Wheat at 110,000,000
bushels.
CASH WHEAT. -»
California Club. $1 42*@1 47*; California
White Australian $1 50@l 55; lower grades
of California Wheat. $1 17V4#132*; Northern
Club. spot. Jl 42*@1 43%; Northern Bluestem,
$1 45@1 47* : Northern Red. $1 35@1 87*.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. ra.
Ooen. High. Low. Close.
May $140% $140% $140% $140%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Clos».
May U 40U $1 40% $1 40U $1 40%
BARLEY — The I market continues listless,
with receipts light and quotations unchanged.
There are -few sales reported at present.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 16*@1 17* for common and'sl 18%
122* for good to choice • Brewing, $122*©
1 25; Chevalier; $1 20@l S3 per ctL
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. ra.
• Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 21* $1 21* $1 21* fl 21*
December ... 1 20* 1 20* 1 20* 1 20*
2 p. ra. Session.
' Open. High. Low. Close.
May $121 $121 $120% $121
December ... 121 121 1 21 - ; 1 21
OATS — Supplies "— ample for all current
needs and. as. the demand Is light, quotations
remain unchanged. r X
Red. $1 50@l 62* for choice seed. $1 800
1 40 for fair to good and $1 25 for common;
Black. $1 &o@l 75 for good to choice for seed
aad down to $1 25 for ordinary feed; White,
tl oTffl SO: Grays, nominal. .
CORN — Previous conditions prevail and th»
market lacks featur*.
Western sacked. $1 82*@1 87* for Yellow.
$1 S2H for White and $1 «2*©l 85 for Mixed j
California large Yellow. $1 32*@1 87*; small
round do $1 65; White, $1 37*;* Egyptian.
$1 4031 42* for White and $1 25@1 30 for
Brown.
RYE— $l 42*@1 52* per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 60@l 75 per cU.
Flonr and Farinaceous Goods.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 &0Q
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, J4 7085;
Oregon and Washington, $3 75@4 25 per bbl
FARINACEOUS GOODS — Prices in packages
are as follows: Graham Flour, (3 25 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour, $3 75; Rye Meal, $3 50- Rice
Flour, $8; Corn Meal, $2 7fi; extra Cream do
$3 75; Oat Meal, $4 60® 4 75 : Oat Groats, $4 75;
Hominy. $3 76@4; Buckwheat Flour, £4 500
4 75: Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina. $4 50-
Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60; Rolled Oats, bbls,
$7@B; la tacks. $6 50@7 60; Peart Barley J6-
Split Peas, boxes, $5 50; Green Peas, *5 50 cer
100 lbs. . . *^
. Hay and Feedstnffs.
-All descriptions of Hay and Feedstuff s re
main as before. There Is no scarcity of any
thing:.
BRAN— SI 9 50#20 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2C@3O per ton.
J SHORTS — $19 6O@i'O 50- per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26®27» Oil
cake Meal In 5-ton lots, $37; Jobbing. $37 50 p-r
ton; Coeoanut Cake or Heal at mills, *22 ia 10
and $22 60 In 5 ton lots; Jobbing, $23; Corn
Meal, $29 50f 30 50; " Cracked Corn, $30331;
Mixed Feed, $24@25; Horse Beans. *30@40 per
ton: -Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl; Calfalfa
Meal, carload lots. $22 : Jobbing, {23 50 per ton-
Mt-slfalfa. $19 In car. lots and $21 for smaller
quantities. \u25a0 ' \u25a0 : %.
HAT— Wheat, $11 So@l6 60; Wheat and Oat.
Jll@ls 60; Oat. $9@13 50; Bariey, $8@11; Vol
unteer Wild Oata, $7@11; stable, $6 50S8 60
stock, $767 50; Alfalfa. $7 60€>l0 00 per tea'
for ordinary and $11 50@12 for choice river -
BTRAW — 30©55 c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
- Receipts of Beans yesterday wer* only 213
sacks. The market continues quiet but firm
as a' rule.' - \u25a0-\u25a0.-..\u25a0.•.
• BEANS— Bayos, $3 50; Pea. $3 75^4; Butter
$3 50: email White. -$3 10@3 25; large White.
$2 4002 65; Pink, $1 90@2 10: Red. $3 25®
8 50; Lima, here. $4 25©4 30: Red Kidneys
$3 40©3 80: Blackey*. .$4 2564 60 per ctl
Horse Bears, ?175@1 S5. -
SESEDS — Brown Mustard, $4 60®4 75- Tellow
Mustard. $3 50®3 75; Flaxseed. nominal; * Ca
r.ary. 6%@6*c; Alfalfa, 13@14c for ESistera
and 10#12o for California; Rape, 2#"%c-
Tlmothy, 6*c; Hemp,' 3* per: lbf Millet, 2%
©3%0; Broom Corn Seed, - $20@2i per- ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 75@2; Green Peas.
$1.75^2. ; :.- -.: ;.. ; v -\u25a0: i.y ...-.-,\u25a0
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
\u25a0 Conditions tin: the Potato market - remain
about the same as almost daily of late. Fancy
Burbanks sell well enough, but fcif erlor qual
ity are very dull and thera Is a heavy accumu
lation of cheap river, roods,?- which' ls • being'
added to dally. Fresh arrivals of choice Sw«t
Potatoes are In good request at $1 25@1 S5 per
cental, -while old and trashy offerings are diffi
cult to dispose ' of at any price. Onions are
Inclined to easiness, as there is a large amount
of sprouting stock on the market, which has a
depressing effect upon the sale of sound of
fezings.
There vras continued firmness In miscella
neous vegetables, supplies of all descriptions
being 1 -Just about sufficient to satisfy the fie
sxand. .
POTATOES— River Whites. 50SS5c per sack;
Salinas Burbanks. $1 10@l 40 per ctb Oregon
Burbanks 75c@$l 10 per.ctl: Sweet Potatoes.
50c<S$l 33 per cU.
ONIONS — Tellow. $1 lO©l 35 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. tS@Sc per lb;
String and Wax Beas. S@loc v^f lb: Lima
3eans. 10c per lb; Tomatoes, 75c@$l 25 per
"box or crate; Summer Squash, 75c@$l- per box:
Cucumbers, $I@>l 550 per T>cx: Cabbage, $1 15-t?
1 25 per ctl: Carrots, 75cigjl' per sack; Garli?,
s*<@6*c per !b; Egg Plant, southern, $2 50
per crate; Green Peppers. s<§Bc per lb for Chile
and 10<312%c for Bell; Marrowfat Squash, 525
©30 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $25@30 per ton.
' Poultry and Game. -
With' receipts moderate and trade active, the
Poultry market kept well cleaned up on good
-stock -and all ktnds of lt-re -fowls ruled -firm
at the previously quoted rates. -A car of West
ern stock falls due to-day. Receipts of dressed
Turkeys approximated 125 cases and, although
the demand was fair, prices w«re shadei.
Changes in Game were slight. Receipts were
moderate, but the demand was nothing extra.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 19©21 c per lb;
Dressed Turkeys. 21<J?23c per lb; Oeeso. per
pair, $202 25; Goslings, $2 25@2 60: Dusks.
?5©5 50 per dozen for old and $5 60@7 for
young; Hens, $4 50@5 for small and $G@7
for large; young Roosters, $5 SCQ6 60; uld
Roosters, $4 50@5: Fryers, $5@5 50: Broilers,
5304 60: Pigeons. $1 25; Squabs, $2©2 25.
GAME— Per dezen^Mallard Ducks. $2 50@3;
Canvasback, 42®3; Sprig. $1 60@3; Gray Ducks.
$1 75; Teal, $I^l 25; Red Heads, *1 50@2;
Widgeon, $1 25Q1 50; small Ducks, $1 25: Gray
Geese, *2 60;' White Geese, $16>1 25; Brant.
$2 for large and $1 25 for small; Honkers,
S2 5034; Hare. 12 2R: Cottontail Rabbits, $2 75;
Brush Rabbits, $1 25.
Butter, Cheese and Eggi. . i
Eggs declined 2c on the exchange. In spits
of the- -light stocks the price Is so high that ,
the public hare simply ceased to eat Call- ;
f ornla ranch, hence the decline. When Egr*
get to be 5c apiece at retail the majority of
people are obliged to let them alone. Other
wise there was no change in the Eggs market.
The demand for Eastern and cold storage
goods continued normal. ,
Butter and Cheese were as befor* quoted.
Stocks Jit both were light and th» market*
continued In good condition for sellers.
.Sa\u0094- on the exchangc^were:
Butt«r — 10 boxes California • fresh extras.
29*0. For Eastern cold-etorag* extras, seller
2, 25* c was aeked.
Eggs— s cases California fresh selected. E3c;
S cases do, 51c; 50 cases California, cold stor
age. £B%c; 100 cases Eastern cold-storage seo
onds, 19c; 100 cases Eastern c»ld-«orag» se
lected, seller 10. 20c bid. 24c asked.
Receipts were 32,700 lbs Butter. 23,100 lbs
Cheese and 368 cases Eggs.
DAIRY EXCHANGE OFFICIAL QUOTA
, : TIONS.
(Note — The Exchange quotations represent
wholesale -prices as established "by sales, bids
and offers on the Exchange. Prices for Butter
and Eggs on the street are governed by th»
Exchange quotations, but generally range
about lSl*c higher, owing to the miscella
neous character of the business.
BUTTER — Fresh — California extras, 28
easy; firsts, 28* c. firm: seconds, 22*0,
firm; Eastern extras. 25* c; firsts, 24c
Eastern Ladles — Extras, 20c; firsts. 19c. Stor
age goods — California extras, 25c, steady;
firsts, 23* c; Eastern extras, 24*. firm;
firsts £3}£o. Ladles — Extras, 200, firm; firsts,
19* c. nrm.
EGGS — Fresh California selected. 52c, easy;
firsts, 45c, -easy; second*, 30c, easy;
thirds, 27 c, easy; store, nominal; East
ern, nominal. Storage — California selected,
2S%c, firm; firsts, 25c: seconds. 23* c Cali
fornia store — Selected, 24c; firsts. 23c; Eastern
selected, 24* c; firsts, 23* c; seconds, 19c.
CHEESE^ — California fancy, new. 14* c,
steady; firsts, 13* c firm; seconds, 12@12V4c.
firm. Young Americas, fancy, 15c, firm;
firsts 14c; seconds, 13c Eastern — Fancy,
15H610C, firm; Western. 14@14*c Storage —
California fancy, 13* c. firm; firsts. 12* c:
Young Americas, fancy. 14c; Eastern, fancy,
15c. steady.
Deciduous and Cltrns Fruits.
Large eizes of Navel Oranges continued to
meet with a good demand and, with stocks
limited, price* of such fruit were well main
tained. Small fruit, which comprised a large
portion of the. available supplies, continued to
drag badly at irregular prices. Th« receipts
for the day were three cars. Including a
straight carload of the "Rose" brand from
the Redlands district. The Redlands fruit
commanded th« usual premium, desirable sizes
selling up to- $2 75 per box... Mexican Limes
were quoted \u25a0 higher, and . big. sizes /.Of"
Fruit brought an advance. -Otherwise "there
was nothing new to report in Citrus goods.
"The Apple market maintained a firm position.
Fancy Newtown Pippins and Bellflowtrs were
the best sellers, the former celling at $1 7522
and the latter at $1 25© 160 per box. There
was a good Inquiry for fine Spltzenbergs, but
there w<re none of any consequence offering.
Pears and Persimmons were In ample supply
"and unchanged. There were no Strawberries
offering.
STRAWBERRIES— NominaI.
CRANBERRIES — Cape Cod. $15 60#16 per
barrel.
APPLES— U 25@2 per box for fancy. 75c
$1 25 for "choice and 40@75c for common;
Christmas Apples, $1 2Z<&2 50 per bo«k
FEARS— Winter Nellis. $2®2 50 per box;
other varieties. $I@l 25 per box.
PERSIMMONS— SOc©JI per box. /
GRAPES — 75cff $1 25 per box or crate.
CITRUS AND TROPICAL- FRUlTS—Or
anges: Navels, $1 Tog 250 per box for fancy.
$1 50@l 75 for choice and $I@l 50 for stand
ards; Seedlings, 75c©$l 25; - Tangerines, $1@
1 25; Japanese- Mandarins, $I@l 50: Lem
ons. $1 60©3; Grape Fruii, $1 6002 75; Mexi
can Limes, $4@4 60 per case; Bananas, Ha
waiian, $l@2 per bunch; . Central American,
(2 COf 3 CO per bunch; Pineapples, $3@5.
Dried Fruits, Ants, Raisins and Honey.
The feature at the moment Is the growing
firmness in Prunes. Tho New York Journal of
Commerce cays:
"In the general line the most active article
on the list at present is California Prunes,
and, though there is a strong demand for spot
goods, Individual orders seldom call for more
than one -or two hundred boxes. So far as can
be learned, there Is no lnqulrv for forward
shipments from the coast* at present, but hold
ers there ar« represented to be Indifferent sell
ers, as stocks are reduced to unusually small
proportions. According to some reports, not
ever 100 cars remain unsold in the Santa Clara
Valley and the stock outside is tali to be net
over 50 Shippers now quote B%e 1. 0. b.
basis on Santa Clara stock, and It la held to
be very doubtful whether this price would be
shaded even on tho more plentiful sizes. There
Is very little of the Oregon Italian crop left on
the ©cast. Spot . prices are very firm at the
quotation* and ther* Is a fair demand."
FRUITS — Apricots. BSIOO for Royals and
SSl2c for Moorpark; Peaches, B>£o for stand
ards B%c for choice, 9c for extra choice and
BHOIOC for fancy; Pears. S@l2Hc; Nectar
ines 7}seSHe f° r white and 7U®7%0 for Red;
Plums, pitted, 6#©7i4o for Black. "Qoc tor
Red and 7®9c for Yellow; Silver Prunes, 7@©e;
Evaporated Apple*. S®»&e; Figs, boxes. 60c
for choice. 55c for extra choice and 6C>365c for
fancy; bulk white,. 2%Qio per lb; black.
SO3UC.
PRUNES — 3?4040 basis for the four »l«es
(6&-100) and 4%c basis for the large and email
RAISINS — Loose, 4-crown. «^c per lb: B
crown. 6c: 2-crown, ssic Seeded Raisins —
Fancy, 16 ounces, BUc; fancy. 12 ounces, 6*ie;
choice 16 ounces, 6c; choice, 12 ounces, 6%c;
Imperial Clusters, $3 per 20-Ib box; Dehesas,
82 50; fancy. 12; 3-crown London Layers,
$1 50* 2-crown, $1 40: seedless standard loose
Muscatels, 4^4c; seedless Sultanas, 5%@7c:
Thompsons, 6?4c; bleached fancy. 9©lo*£c;
bulk choice, 8c: standard. 7c.
NUTS — Almonds: Nonpareils. 12^ClSc; I X
L 12c; Ne Plus Ultra, 11%@12c; Drakes,
nusiOc, and Languedoc. o@'9t4c; hardshell,
ft2ee%c: walnuts. No. 1 eoftshell. -13314 c;
Vo ° 9@lCc; No. 1 hardshell. 12%®13%e; No.
n '&V.&OVIC: Peanuts, 6@7c for- Eastern; Pe
cans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50@5; Italian.
Chestnuts, 99^100 per lb. •
HONEY— Comb, 12@14c for white and 10@
110 for amber; water white extracted. 6%0
stic- white, sc; amber. 404% c: dark,; ;
Hawaiian, ZV.C for extracted.
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
Provisions.
There Is nothing new to report, the market
being quiet.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12%e per lb for
heavy, 12% c for light medium, 13%014c for
liKht. I4SI4HC for extra light and l®sl6^c
for sugaf-cured; dry Salt Sides, lie; Bel
lies 12c* Eastern pugar-cured Hams, 13@13^40;
California Hams. 12%@12%c: Mess Beef. $9 50
per bbl I ' extra Mess, *10; Family. $11; prime
Mess Pork. $14; extra clear. $18 60; Mess,
$17 CO; Pig Pork. $22; Pi«s' Feet. $5; Smoke^
Beef* 14c P«r lb. \u25a0'_- f " t
I^ARD quoted at 6%c per lb for
California Compound. JQ'Mo for Eastern com
pound and 9?io for pure; half barrels, pure,
10c; 10-lb tins. 10« c;. 8-lb tins, 10?io; 3-lb
" "cOTTOLENE— One half . barrel. Sc; three
half barrels. 7%c; one-tlerce. 7%c; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallotv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND BKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
"about «01c under quotations. Heavy Baited
Steers,' 12ttc; medium. i2#c; light. 12c;
Cow Hides,- 12c for heavy and : 120 for
light; SUgs. S%c; Salted Kip. 12c; Salted
Veal. 13c; Salted Calf, 13c: dry Hides. 21c;
dry Kip, aOo: dry Calf. 22c; Sheepskins,
shearlings. 20@e0c each: short Wool. 50©90 c
each- medium. 90c€*l 25: long Wool. $1 25©2 :
Horse Hides, salt. $3@3 £5 for large and $2 73
for medium. |2 25 for small and 50c for Colts;
How Hides, dry, $2^2 25 for large and $1 50®
1 75 for. medium, $1 50 for small and 50c for
Colts Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, Sic; -"dry
ealted Mexican, 25«- dry Central . American.
3->Uc Gcat : Skins— -Prime : Angoras. \7sc; ex
tra^ largo do. 51 25; large. 50@60p; medium.
55640 c; small, 25c
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 464Wc In barrels;
in ' cans and druma. M.a lew; $o. 2, 3@3^c;
Grease/ 2®2^c ' \:i -,••
x' WOOL— Fall clip— Northern • free, \u25a0 15<ai7c:
do, defective, 12®14c; Middle County, free. 13©
17c: do, defective, 12#14c; San Joaquln and
Southern, lo'ylSc; San Jcaquia Lambs. HQ
10c; do. defective. 9©l2c per lb. • •.\u25a0 '^*<
HOPS— 9%®llc.
'3leat "Market.
Arrivals of Hogs are light and the market
is firm, but the packers say they are buying
at previous prices. Oth«r Meats are un
changed. - •• "
X»RESSED MEATS.
"Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are a» follows:
BEEF — 53 Cc for Steers aad -fc&ic per lb for
Cows. y
VEAl>— Large, 6®7*c: *mall, 7*©9 c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 9*©loc; Ewes. j>VjS9=
per lb.
LAMB— lo*®llc per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. IQS Wo .per Ja.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The folio wins quotations are, for good sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 40®
45 Der cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, s*@€*c; Cows and Heif
ers, 4%tfsc \u25a0 •
CALVES — 3*@4c per lb (gross weight)
SHEEP — Wethers. 3*@3^c; Ewes, B@S*£c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— *2 75© 3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 130 to 250 lbs, 6?sS3«ic;
over 250 lbs, s»ici under 130 lbs, 5Sc;
Feeders, nominal;. Sows. 29 p*r cent eff; Boars
50 per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent off treat
above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, buyer June- July. 6*»©
'6*c : Wool Bags.. 30©33 c; small lots. 31gllc;
Fleece Twin*. 7*c.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $S: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $8 50;
Beaver Hill, $\u25a0 50; Roslyn, $7; Co»s Bay, $5 50;
Richmond, $>; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 la sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $9 per toa; Coke. $11 50@13 per
ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $S 50 per short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 6c: Linseed, COc per gallon for boiled and
48c for raw; Castor Oil. in eases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers* AA, cases $1 16®1 13: Lacol. 4Sc for
boiled and 46c for raw; China "Nut. cas*s. 65^
78c per gallon; Coeoanut Oil. In barrels. 5Sc
for Ceylon and 650 for Australian ; extra
beached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural winter
Sperm Oil 63c; extra bleached Winter Whale
Oil. Csc; natural Whale Oil. 60c: extra winter
strained Lard OIL 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c:
Pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c: No. 1 Neatsfoot OIU
67* c; Herring OH, 45c; Salnroa OIL 34c: boiled
Fish Oil. Ssc; raw Fish Oil. 23c: Paint Oil. 3oc.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE. ETC.— Water White
Coal Oil. in bulk, lie; Peart OH. In cases.
17* c; Astral 17* c; Star, 17*e: Extra Star.
20* c: Elaine) 26c; Eocene, 19* c; Stove Gaso
line. In bulk. 15* c; In cases. 22c: Motor Gaso
line, la bulk lS*c;'tn cases, 22c; No. 1 En
gine Distillate, -iron barrels or drums, Sc; No.
2 do. 6*c; cases, 6*c more; Benzine, In bulk.
12*c: cases, 19c; S6-desree Gasoline, to bulk.
25c: in cases. Sic.
TURPENTINE— S6c per gallon la cases and
SOc In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 8©
B*c per lb; White Lead. B©B*c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany-quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-la bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fin* Crushed, 5.30 c;
Powdered. 3.15 c; Candy Granulated. 5.13 c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.05 c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6.05 c; Fruit Granulated. 3.05 c; Beet Granu
lated 000-lb bags only). 4.55 c: Confectioners'
A. 5.05 c; Magnolia A. 4.65 c; Extra C 4.53c;
Golden C, 4.45 c: "D," 4.35 c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels 5.65 c: boxes 3.80 c; H. & E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.05 c per lb. No order taken for less
than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.-
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14.
Flour, qr sks.. 15,60-51 Hops, bales .... 58
Wheat, ctls ... 2.503; Wool, bales ... J2
Barley, ctls .. 2,612 Shorts, sks .... 4S
Tallow, ctls .. 2271 Oats, ctls 393
Sugar, ctls 1.2C0! Leather, rolls .. IS3
Apples, bxs ... 403! Hides, No 1.55S
Livestock, head 00 Pelts, bdls 753
Lime, bbls 453' Raisins, bxs ... 500
Bean 3, sks . . . 213; Quicksilvr.. fisks 35
Potatoes, eks... 8,913 J Paper, rolls — " 715
Onions, sks ... 2."-3; Brandy, gals .. 5.750
Hay tons .... 504', Wine, gala 115,650
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.. l.OOOjWool. bales ... 6
Wheat, ctls ... 7,200 Onions, sks .... 122
Potatoes, sks... 1,374)
WESTERN STATES.
Wheat, ctls ... L4OOJ
STOCK 31ARKET.
No Unusual Features on the Local
Stock Boards.
" The few features on the Stock and Bond Ex- |
change were a continued rise in ibe- TTolted
Railroads bends to $SS, an advance in Mutual
Electric to $17 25 and one in Associated Oil
to $i". There was also some activity In North
ern California Power stock at $15. Business
wa-» merely fair.
The ralnlne stocks remained about as be
fore, with the usual business, except hieher
prices for Caledonia and Tonopah Belrr.om.
The Martel Power Company win pay a reg
ular monthly dividend of 1 «ent per share De
cember 20.
The American Beet Sugar Company has de
clared a regular quarterly dividend of lij per
cent en the preferred stock, payable Jtnuary 2.
The American Tobacco Company has declared
a regular quarterly dividend of 1% per cent
on the preferred stock, payable January 2.
The Homestake -Mining Company of South
Dakota will pay a regular monthly dividend
of 60 cents per »har« December 26.
The Daly West Mining Company of Utah will
pay a regular quarterly dividend of 60 cents
per Rhare December 15.
The Guggenheim Exploration Company has
declared a regular quarterly dividend of 1%,
per cent on the capital stock, payable Janu
ary 2.
At the regular anatxal meetlmr of the stock
holders of the Mutual Electric Light Company
the following directors were elected: Henry H.
Taylor, W. R. Summerhayes. T. R. Henshel
wood, E. W. Runyon and James Fisher. Hen
ry H. Taylor was elected president. W. R.
Eummerhayes vice president and general man
ager, and James Fisher secretary. The nsi
profits of the past year were- $33,026, against
$21,014 for th« preceding year, but frem which
$£333 must be deducted, being the interest
•paid on bonds Issued for the construction of
the sew riant.
The American Smelting and Refining Com
pany has declared regular quarterly dividends
of 1% per cent on both the preferred and com
mon stocks. The preferred is payable January
2 and the common January 15.
The International Silver Company has de
clared a regular quarterly dividend of 1 per cent
on the preferred stock, payable January 2.
Stockton Water Company first i mortgage
bonds, numbered 1 to 36, inclusive, have been
called by the Illinois Trust and Savings " Bank,
trustee under the mortgage, and are to
be retired at 105 and Interest for the sinklsc
fund. Interest on these - bonds will cease oa
April 1 nexr. The total authorized issue ct
Stockton Water Company bonds was originally
$500,000. but has been reduced to $350,000.
These bonds were Issued In IS9I and matmre
April 1, 1911. but are callable In numerical
sequence, beginning with No. 1 at 105 and ac
crued Interest, on any Interest date, for tho lni
vestment of the elnkinar fund, or for the re
tlremet of th« entire Issue. The Stockton Wa
ter bonds are an underlying- lien of the Blue
Lakes Water Company, now a part of the
California Gas and Electric system.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Dee. 14—2 p* m.
UNITED STATE 3 BONDS.
Bid. Ask. . Bid: Ask.
4a cr coup.. 103% 104 4s <jr cp nw.l32}» —
4a qr rer...103^104H 3s qr coup. ..103U101H
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W.B« — — . Ok T Con Sa — —
Asso Oil 5s W> — O W gtd ss. £3 BS^i
Bay CPC Bs.loB ICO Oceania Sss 61 —
Cai C G si. — 110H On» Cable e5>.120»4 —
Cal G&. E g Pac Glm4s M DO
m & ct .Sa SSS» 99 P E Ry 5a.. 1121, —
Cal-st C 58.111^113X4 Pac L&P 55. 101*, —
C C Wat 55.106 — P& C H 65.109 —
Do g mgss 94 M P* O R Cs.llo — •
Ed L&P 55.122%125 Powell-st 6».lll —
F& C H 66.113 114 Sac EGiRSs.IOTHIOS 1 ;
Geary-st Bs. 30 40% SF & SJVss.ll9i;il9-}i
H C&3 5V45.105 — SF.O& 5J3». 114*4 —
Do 5s 105 — Sierra R 6a. — 112^
Hon R T e*.loB — SPof A 6a
UK El«c 55.104* a — n»C9) 10SU —
LAG4EI 55.101 — (1810) ....10914 —
L. ARy 55.118«4 — BPotCta
LAL gtd 55.1C5%106i-S (1906) 102% —
LAP lcmSo.Ul — <1912) 113% —
LAP C 85..1C754108H SPC leg ss-IIS —
Mkt-st C 0a.116 — SPB P. 63.130 —
Do Icmsa. 115^ — S V Wat 6a. — —
MVt MtTss.lOs^ — Do4a 2dm.100 —
NR of C e*.lO4H — Do 4s Jdm. 99SJ100U
Do r* 119% — Do g mg4s — —
NP C R 05.107 — Stkn G&E6s. — —
NC Ry 53.1125s — UG & E 6«a06 —
NC P C ss. 89 — UR o( SF 4> S3 SSK
O GL&H r*.loo — Val Co P 55.104H —
Ok TCo «c,122 — I Tos SL 4^3- — «3%
DoSs 115 — I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Csta 47 4S | Port Costa... — 69
Marin C 0... 65 - |S V Wat Co 40H 4OU
GAS AND i ELECTRIC. \u0084
Cent LtP- 4«8PC48.55 87
Martel Powr 2 — Do certfs.. S7 —
•Mutual E L 16& 17^s Stkn O& B. 7% — •
Pac I. C 0... 71 — '
INSURANCE. '\u25a0 ;
Flrem^s Fd.350 — I
BANK STOCKS. "^
Am Ntl Bk. — 131 ILP4 A...US —
Anglo-Cal'.. »2' »4 Mer Trust... 2ls 240
Bank of Ca1. 423 — Merch Ex. . . 60 —
Cal Safe Dp.160 165" S F National — l«0
First NatnL34o — ...
\u25a0-•.-': SAVINGS BANKS.
G*r S & L.2900 — Pay & L Sd.loo —
Hum S 8k.2000 Sec Say 8k.395 —
Mutual Say.— — Union T C 0.2700 33C0
S-F-.Sav.-U.700 —
STREET RAILROADS.
.California. -.212% — , J Presidio .... 3»*s 10
Geary ...... — 40 |
POWDEB
CLanJt Con.. 77&~~-rl98fiS5»B
.-
AUCTION SALES
%
Ruinart Stock Farm
H. PORTER ASHE. Manager.
18-Thoroughbred^eanings-IB
By Ruinart, H >ir.er aad Jacluon, out of
grarul brood n^ares and racers. »
These "horses are reniaritabte for taetr hardy
constitutions, strcng less and sound feet.
- gate -tasps ptace
JIOMJAY EVENING. Dec. IS. 1805.
At 7:45 o'clock, at the salesyard of
TRED H. CHASE & CO..
1T32 MARKET ST, nr. VAN XESS AYE.
San Franclaeo.
. W. P. MAGRANE. Auctioneer.
Horses at yard. Saturday. Dec Id.
Send for catalogue.
£*
23 HEAD OF HORSES and WAGONS
Consigned to Va to be Sold to the Highest Bid-
der.- Don't Mlas Thls.
SATURDAT. DECEMBER 16 11 A. JC
813 Broadway. Oakland.
J. W. MEDEIROS. Auctioneer.
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. S3 83«4 1 Makawell C. 32 33
Honokaa SC 13 — t Onomea SC. SO** 31^
Hutch SP Cl 5 ism] Paauhau SC — 23*
Kilauea SCI — 1
MISCELLANEOUS.
A'a«ka PA.— C 9 ! Oceanlo 3Co 4% 3
As«o On Co, 37 — I Pac Aux FA. S\ —
Cal F C A. 97* 99 ! Pac C 80rx.152 13S
Cal Win* A — 82*! Pac3 T«l CovlOo 10«
MV& MtTra.loo — 1
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
60-Makaweli » *9
250 Mutual Electric Light 16 J5
3 S F Gas & El«ctrle 83 00
10 S r Gas St Electric (certfs) 3& 37*
40 Spring Valley Wat«r Co 40 X*
JI.COO S P cf C «a~(1912). 113 «*
$5.0C0 Spring Val Water g«n tatgs 4s. 87 23
$19,006 United R R of S F 4s 88 00
Afternooa Session.
Board —
30 Associated 1 Oil Co W W
60 Associated Oil Co »7 00
12 Eank of California, b 5 423 C*
60 Honokaa S Co 13 00
50 Mutual Bectric Light 17 23
S5 Ocomea Sugar Co 81 00
10 Pacific States T»l A Tel C 0.. .-106 00
525 S F Gas & ES»ctri« tcertJs).. 87 00
50 Spring Valley Wa.t*r Co 40 23
$3,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 119 73
$I.CCO Pacific Ele-trto Ry 5s 112 87*fc
$7.0C0 Pacific El«crrlc Ry 8s 112 30
Street — »
$4.(*X> S P of Cal 6s (1912) 113 73
$3,000 Spring Val Water gea mtg» 4s. 87 23
Vnllatrd Securities).
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.l • BM. A**.
Bay CPC 6«. — 107 ST Drlk 55. 113 —
B L Wat 6s.Hl — SF G4EJiU«.lolsilo3
Cal NW St. — lllfc! SF *SP 55.U3 —
M C Wat 5» — 114 |SPCK4s. W4 —
O T Ccn SS-lOSiilOT^! Sun Tel ««...112 —
RlslWksSs. — ICC I Do 3s ....108*110%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0 ... 22* 24 ! Mat Nay C 0.120 —
Am Bis Co. 110 — I Mils Nat 8k.523 —
Cal Cot Mis 90 91 jNS R R Co. — 12W
Cal G&ECor S9* — N Cal P Co. 14% ISI4
C Jockey CL — 150 Ok Bk 8av.150 —
Cal Powder.l6o — IOOF.HaII A 6* —
Cal Ship Co — 23 Orpheum Co. 17 —
CalT I&T. — 190 !PacC Ca3 Co.llO —
Cen Bk. Ok. — 75 Pac Sur Co. — 120
Chutes Co.. 3% — iParaf Paint. 110 —
Citr* C Bk.lll l i — IS F Drydock — 73
Cyp L Imp- — 6 ISF A SJCoal 20 23
DptPwi pfd 63 100 I S Jose Wat. l9B* —
Do com .. 90 — j 5O& MT»bt.l2s —
FN Bk. Ok. 120 — ISo Pac Co.. — 68
Frnch-A Bk — 112*'Sw!s9-A Ek.125 130
Gas Con A. — 19 J Truck Eject. 22^4 22^4
Hono P Co. — 35 i Union S Co. 34* —
Do oM pi. — 35 I W- Fargo Bfc-225 —
Do nw pi. — 37 I West Nat 8k.130 163
SALES.
Morning Session. ".\u25a0V *.-*
150 Northern Cal Power C» 15 CO
Afternoon Session.
Street —
.23 Northern Cal Power Co 13 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks—. Bid. Asked.
Arliae *> 37
Asso. Oil Stk. Tt. Or 5« S.
Chicago Crude New 0« I'll,.
Claremont 110 1 I7H
Forty « 12 t£
Home - « ,-3O
Imperial 1««
Independence »• 1»
Kaweah *>
Kern « 50
Kern (New) t» ..^.
Kern River • H>«°
Uada Vista J» -••
McKittrick C 9 11
Monarch of Arizona 13 ....
Monts Cristo 77^i SO
Oil City Petroleum .... 73
Peerless • «> T 25
Senator 1 «J •--•
Sterling 1 23 ....
Superior °* ••*\u25a0
Thirty-Three 5 0O ....
Toltec ............. ... 60 ....
Twenty-Eight 7 62^ 800
Union 166 00 ....
Water Stock— lU »%i '
Spring Valley .„ 40 12*
Gas and Electrto—
Northern CaL Power 14 75 13 00
Su^ar Stock —
Kllauea Sugar Plant' n Co.. 100 ....
Miscellaneous Stocks —
Paraffin* Paint Co 93 00 ....
Sanitary Reduction Works .. 43j 443
Miscellaenous Bonds—
Asso Oil CO. 3s <1522) « 80 « ©0
SALES.
10:30 a. m. Session.
Board- '
2542 Home OU .-"- *»
5O Sanitary Reduction Works 4 W
50 Sanitary Reduction Works ....... *40
1:30 V. m. Swslon. «.> J.-
Board —
5000 Asso. Oil Co. Stk. Tr. C«r B8
1000 Monte Crlsto Oil •O*
10 Union Ofl 166 00
MlnJns Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Saa Fr*n
claco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
9-30 a. m. Sfcssloa — Conistocks.
400 Belcher I* 1 , 150 Ophir 3 87»4
100 Best Jt Bel-.l 40, 300 Overman 13
200 Bullion 26 200 Pctost .: «•
300 Chollar 1»' 1«> Sierra Nev... 87
100 Challenge ... 201 200 Union C 05.... 5T
200 Con Va M...1 331 .100 Union C0n.... 38
SOO Gould Sc Cur. Mi ICOO Utah «»
2C-0 Hale A Norcl 15} 200 Tellow Jacket 13
200 Mexican ...-1 33|
12 ta. Infcymal Session— Coxnstocka.
100 Belcher 2Cj 100 Mexican 135
200 Belcher 2li 100 Ophlr » 874
800 Con Va M...1 35i 100 Overman .... 13
ICO Con Va M...1 40i 160 Overman .... 14
100 Confidence .. Wj 100 Savage 53
ICO Crown Point. 15! «00 Sierra Nev... »8
900 Crown Point. 141 l*v> Union Ccn.... $8
100 Gould & Cur. l*j 100 Union C0n.... «7
200 Hale * Ncrc.l 13 SCO Tellow Jacket IS
,8 p. xa. Seselon — Comstockß.
200 Andes SO' 200 Mexican 140
200 Belcher 23. 100 Occidental ...1 00
100 Caledonia ... 57; 500 Overman 13
STX> Chollar 19, 200 Sierra N*v. . . 38
23 Coa Va M...1 33' SCO Un'.oa C0n.... 58
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. t Bid, Ask.
Alpha. C 5 Cfti Gould & Cur. 1* 18
Alta 02 04i Hale 4 Norcl 13 1 20"
Andes 20 21' Julta 03 M
Belcher 23 24' Justice 03 M
Best A 8e1..l 35 143 Kentack -- 02
Brans Cbollr. — 01 1 Lady Wash... 02 —
Bruna C Va. — 01 1 Mexican 1401 45
Bruna G& C — 01 OcctdenUl ... 8» 100
Bruns Potosi — 04! Ophti- ««12>i *23
Bruns Savage — 04lOphir-Brun».. 67 10
Bullion 25 27 J Overman .... 15 18
Caledonia ... «2 «V Potc*i W 10
Challenge ... 2O 221 Savage 33. 64
Cbollar H- 26' Scorpion ..... 12 14.
Confidence . . 85 9IT Set; Belcher. . t© 10
Con Va M...1 33 1 -Rii Sierra Nev... 37 3S»
Con Imperial — Oil Silver HIU... 85 87
Coo NY 03 V\ Syndicate .-. — 11
Crown Point. 11 13J St Louis «S —
E Si«rra Nev — C4i Union C0n.... 3S CO
Eureka. Con. .3 20 3 501 Utah 05 <W
Exchequer .. 33 «X Tellow Jacket 13 18
TONOPAH AND GOI*DFIEU> STOCKS.
Morning Session.
500 Adams Cs' 1000 Mohawk, b 90 26
6CO Blue Bell ... O*j 200 North Star... Id
ICCO En> Bali .. S7! 10©o North Star... 47
2500 Bullfg N Bit IS' IOCO Ohio Ton .... 25
SOCO BullfjT. N Ek 15. lW«)/>rts:-BuUfrog. 1»
3Ct» Blfg XBk.bflO 18! £00 Red Top .... 93
1000 Bunker HH1..1 S0( 4CO Red Top .... »»
500 Da B Btt» C Xl'. 10W Bmettt ...... 6H
700 Jumbo M Co. ft*! 10C«> Sandstorm . .. 57
100 Jumbo Ex.sU> 2w3soft St Ives 12
100 Jumbo Ex .. 20*2000 St Ives. b JWI J3
8500 Kendall XS| sO»> St Ives 13
i**> Kendall, s 5. Ss{ UTO Ton Belmont..2 CO
MO Kendall A 6; 12<X> Ton BJment-2 C2^
15CO MacNamara.. 371 l«x> Ton Belmont.,2 C 5
ICOO"May Queen... 17-12W Ton BlTnonL2 07* i
2000 Mohawk 25 1 14C0 West End . ..1 20
Afternoon Session.
10flO Black Rock.. X; 300 North Star... «
10CO Bollfroß Mto 3»\ £00 North Star. . . 48
400 Bullfg N Bk IJ| 7KJO N V Ton Con 19
400 Den BullfroK 2«" 5000 Do. b 90. .. 20
100© Dm B Btte C 33} 1000 Pennsylvania. «l
Con tinned on Paxe Elxatee*
1920
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
EDWARD E. CLARK HEROICALLY
SAVES LIFE OF DROWNING MAN.
Edward E. Clark, a courageous Southern Pacific brakeman, heroically plunged into the estuary from a moving train yester
day and saved W. J. Harries from drowning. Harries, who could not swim, had plunged into the water to escape death
under the wheels of an oncoming train which he had been trying to flag with his coat. . • .>
Brakeman Rescues W.
J. Harries From
the Estuary.
Victim of Accident
Jumps to Avoid
Train.
His Savior Leaps From
the Moving Car
Into Bay.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— Terrified by the
rarid approach of the 9 o'clock west
botmd local train, and fearing that he
would be ground to pieces beneath the
jionderous wheels of the locomotive if he
remained where he was, W. J. Harries,
r carpenter and builder, residing at the
Nevada House, leaped from the Seventh
street trestle, between Oak street and
Clinton station, and but for the heroism
of Edward E. Ciark, a brakeman on the
train, would have drowned before assist
ance \u25a0 could have reached him from the
shore.
Repeated blasts of the locomotive whis
tle called Clark's attention to the fact
that something was wrong, and he ran
out on the platform of the oar In which
lie was riding Just in time to see Harries,
who could no iswlm a stroke, sink beneath
the surface of the water.
Without a moment's hesitation, Clark
threw oft his coat and vest, and leaped
frcm the platform of the train, which
had not yet been brought to a standstill,
straight Into the water. After a
hard struggle to release himself frem the
grip cf the mud, which he had struck in
jumping from the train, the brakeman
reached Harries, and raising hie head and
the upper part of hie body from the water,
Blowly made his way to the shore.
As soon as he reached the fhore Harries
was placed on the train and taken to
Seventh and Broadway. He was removed
to the Receiving Hospital by Deputy
Sheriff J. H. Reilly and Train Gateman
A. Altier, who had aided Clark to carry
the man to the train.
Harries was under the influence of
liquor at the time of the accident and
for some time after he was taken to
the hospital he was unable to give a
lucid account of himself. After he had
somewhat recovered he said that his home
was in Wales and that he had formerly
lived at the Commercial Hotel in San
Francisco.
When overtaken by the train which so
nearly caused his death, Harries was on
his way to his room at the Nex'ada House,
and had taken a short cut across the
trestle, being- unacquainted with the run
ning time of the trains and thinking that
he w-iuld have plenty time to crO6S. As
he reached a point about 300 yards from
the wcetprn end of the trestle the west
bound train started across from the op
posite end. Hearing the roar of the ap
proaching train, Harries took off his coat
and attempted to stop the train, but,
being frightened at its rapid approach,
leaped from the trestle before it reached
him.
"When searched at the Receiving Hospi
tal a slir» of paper bearing the address
ot Miss Blanche Moore, care of the Wood
ruff House. I^2 Taylor street, San Fran
cisco, was found in one of his pockets.
Edward E. Clark, the brakeman to
whom Harries owes his escape from
death, has been in the employ of the
Southern Pacific Company for several
years, and is considered one of the best
and coolest men in the service. He re
sides at 561 East Eleventh street, in East
Oakland. He v.a& none the worse for his
thrilling leap from the train and his
ducking in the cold water, and continued
his work after he had obtained dry cloth
ing.
LOUISE BENSON
SAYS DIVORCE
IS NECESSARY
BER-KKHjET. Dec. 14. — Clubwomen of Berke
ley to the number of a hundred or more
listened this afternoon to a seneatlosal paper
on "Diroroe,, K&ce Suicide and Marriage," pre
pared by Mrs. Louise B»n«on and read to the
lade? who gathered in the home of Mrs. C.
C". Hall. hOEtcs* of the affair.
The Political Equality Club of the university
town had invited Mrs. Benson to address its
members upon the subject of marriage and' di
vorce. The Hall home, on Hillside avenue
and Channln? way buzzed with excitement
<"urlng and after the reading of Mrs. Benson's
paper The- author vigorously defended wom
en's clubs from the assertions heard from tuch
citizens as Grover Cleveland and others, who
believe that ill and not good results from tho
organizations of women which are exclusively
feminine in make-up.
Mrs. Benson ceclared that there should be
restrictions upon the marriage of the unfit,
tnd. lacking such restrictions, divorce must
be toleratt<d as a cure for a social disease.
Divorce, the declared. Is not a menace to eoclai
morality. It :» a remedy that is demanded by
k social disease.
Failure to inform the young of both sexes
of what should be moral standards before mar
riage was eaid to be responsible for the preva
lence of divorce cas*«. Incidentally Mrs. Ben
eon announced her conviction that rac« cuiclde
which is Induced by political corruption'
vicious living end wax, may result eventually
In the fiotnlnance of the black and yellow
races «n<l the subjugation of the Anglo-Saxon
Mrs. Benson quoted Professor Huxley and
Count Toletoy In support of her theory that
"the birth rat* Is determined in great meas
ure, not only by the social forces, but by cer
tain mysterious forces of civilization, so reys
uirioue ma to defy exact definition," these
force* now operating at high pressure in Eu
iope and America. ,
Mrs. Benaon argued for women's participa
tion In law-making powerm. especially where
law« that bear most directly upon women's
Interests ere concerned. In this connection
Mrs. Aiwtln Bperry of 2100 Pacific avnut !n
San Francisco, president of the California
Equal Suffrage Association, announced that th»
association has sent letters to the Governors
of all States, requesting that women members
be placed on the Bt*te delegations which will
make tip the national convention on divorce, to
be held in Washington, D. C. in February of
next year.
SCHNEIDER IS ON TRIAL.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14. — The trial of
John Schneider for - the murder of
Thomas Cook was begun anew today,
after a number of delayß, and the fol
lowing jury impaneled to weigh the
evidence: G. L. Broadwater, John E.
Holmes, H. S. Smith, J. F. Myers, A. H.
Snow, David McCarron, William H.
Waltz, G. E. Crittenden. J. C. Mowry,
J. B. Fair, Frank Pcixouta and G. M
Heller. Percy Pembroke, another of
the youths charged with complicity in
the same offense, was called this after
noon to be compared as to his size with
Schneider, but Pembroke refused to
stand up. Pembroke's claim is that
Schneider and Blaker forced him to
ko with them ,
INCH OF LAND
CAUSES A SUIT
»
Sliver 3lust Be Taken Off
the Side of a House to
Satisfy Legal Judgment
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— A sliver one inch
at one end and two inches at the other
must be sawed from the side of a house In
Berkeley to satisfy a novel suit over an
inch of land, for which W. Mauch was
asking $-"000 of M. L. Wurts, a Berkeley
real estate dealer. If Wurts did not want
to buy the inch outright he had the op
tion of paying Mauch $5 a month rent
for 1L
According to the testimony of Wurts
he was between Mauch on one side and a
neighbor's house on the other, which
abutted on his own lot. He could not
move, but rather than submit to Mauch's
proposition he took his- chance In court.
He said that he had offered Mauch (100
for the strip which the latter refused.
Judge Waste found that Wurts' hou6e
projected over on Mauch's land, and
ordered co much of the house removed as
was necessary to clear the land sued for.
The house 1b situated near the Key Route
station at Ashby avenue, between Emer
son and Stanford streets.
GENERAL HART TELLS
OF RAILROAD PLANS
Argues Before the Alameda
Trustees for His Desired
Franchise.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 14.— The Board of City
Trustees to-night heard further argu
ment from former Attorney General W.
H. H. Hart on his application for a rail
road franchise through Santa Clara ave
nue. Hart insisted he had the backing of
W, J. Morgan & Co., pVivate bankers, of
San Francisco, and had also received the
assurance of support from Charles Sutro
& Co. of San Francisco, bankers, on his
Alameda project. He asserted that his
franchise was Intended to give an outlet
on San Francisco Bay for a projected
road from San Francisco to Denver over
a route which had been surveyed by Jay
Gould as early as IS6B.
Hart repeated that the road would be
used in connection with a plant to be
erected, if the franchise were granted,
by the Western Steel Company, which,
he asserted, had a paid-up capital of
$6,350,000 his interest being $258,000. He de
nied that his scheme was intended as a
block to the Western Pacific Railroad
Company's application for a railroad
franchise m Alameda, which will be pre
sented, it is said, Monday night to the
Trustees.
Hart averred that the Iron for the ateel
works would come from Shasta and Ma
dera counties. He said the Garrett-Crom
well Company, Cleveland, Ohio, had
made the plans for the works. The at
torney declared that his clients intended
to us e the franchise at the outset for an
electric , road to San Jose. He likewise
announced an Intention to build a pier
south of the Alameda mole 9000 feet into
San Francisco Bay, and to reclaim 800
acres of tide lands on the south side.
Hart said two and a half years would be
required to build the road. The Trustees
referred the application to the City At
torney, and advised Hart they, would
hear from him at a later date before tak
flnal action.
FRANCHISES CONSIDERED.
OAKLAND Dec. 14.— The application
of the San Francisco, Oakland and
San Jose Railroad for a franchise
through Twenty-second and other
streets to connect with the Key Route
ferry was referred to-night to the
committee of the whole by the Street
Railroad Committee.
An ordinance granting a franchise to
the Home Telephone Company 'of Ala
meda County was recommended for
passage to print.
The ordinance prohibiting riding of
bicycles on sidewalks was favorably
recommended.
FORTUNE SEEKING FARMER.— Alameda
Dec 14.— Pietro Delacassio, who -wan until
recently employed as a vegetable farmer on
Bay Farm Island, is being sought by leiral
representatives of his father/ Domenico De)a
caeslo, who died thl» year, leaving an est*t«
near Milan. Italy, that i s said to be valued
at $250,000. Delc&aslo Is supposed to b* some
wber* la Saa Benlto County at preset
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, . FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1905.
OAKLAND CARPENTER WHO JUMPED FROM SEVENTH-STREET BRIDGE)
WHEN HE SAW TRAIN APPROACHING, AND BRAKEMAN WHO MADB
HIGH LEAP AFTER HIM AND SAVED HIM FROM DROWNING, .
SEVERE FINE
FOR DAIRYMAN
Police Judge Smith Imposes
3faximum Penalty Where
Milk Dealer Is Negligent
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— Manuel Furtado,
an Eaet Oakland milkman, was fined $200
to-day by Police Judge Mortimer " Smith
for maintaining an unsanitary dairy.
W. H. Taylor, secretary of the State
Dairy Bureau, and H. J. Faulkner, a
State Dairy Inspector, testified that a
month aeo the dairy was examined and
found to be In a filthy condition. Fur
tado was warned not to continue in busi
ness until he had remedied the objection
able state of his ranch. But no Improve
ment had been made, the officers' testi
fied. .
Jn passing: sentence, the maximum pen
alty, Judge Smith said:
In cases like this, where Infants and invalid*
are liable to become the victims of Impure and
unhealthy milk, the maximum penalty, of the
statute should be Imposed. . This defendant
had ample notice to olean up. his dairy. He
paid no attention to the warning: and must
therefore suffer the penalty of the \u25a0 law.
His Honor, declared that he should ac
cept no excuses In cases where dairy
men were so negligent and careless.
CARMEN'S HOSPITAL SERVICE.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— The directors of
the Oakland Traction Club, formed of
Oakland Tranction Consolidated, has
submitted to vote of the carmen a plan
to establish a hospital and benefit fund
on 'the Mines." of "the Southern Pacific
Company's hospital system. . The com
pany under the scheme will be author-;
\u25a0ized to ' withhold fifty cents a month'
from. each employe's salary, this to, be
turned over to a board of directors,
named by the carmen. -The fund vwill|
provide hospital- ; services and other
benefit for the men. The company will
have no control over the disburse
ments. Two meetings, one for Friday
afternoon and one for Monday evening,
will be held at the club for explana
tions of the project. After that a vote
will be taken on the proposition.
HIRAM T. BRADLEY ARRESTED.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— Hiram X Brad
ley, proprietor of a garage at Four
teenth and Webster streets, surrendered
himself to Justice of the Peace Quinn
this evening on a charge of felony em
bezzlement. He Is accused by Mrs. L.
Porter, of embezzling two automobiles.
Judge Quinn released Bradley on $500
cash ball. \ . - \u25a0. >
Mrs. Porter Is the wife of "W. E. Por
ter, a clubman and capitalist. The
Porters and Bradley were formerly
friends, but recently it is alleged Por
ter and Bradley had trouble and; there
was a disagreement over the automo
biles that Porter left in Bradley's
garage. Mrs. Porter also had trouble
with her husband, and the result will
be an airing of the disputes In'court.
DESERTED BY "WlFE.— Oakland, Dec." 14.—
Alleging t|at . his wife , deserted him in . 18951,
John Burns \u25a0of .Alameda, employed in .the pot
tery works there, ' has t brought • an ' action - for
dl vorc« agalnvt Georgia < Burns/ ,- - They £ were
nuurlea In 1892.
PLAN COMPLETE
FOR INSTITUTE
Many Public School Teachers
Will Gather at Berkeley
During Christmas Vacation
BERKELEY, Dec 14.- Arrangements
for the State teachers' institute, to be
held in Berkeley during the Christmas
vacation, are now complete, and the pro
gramme of the meetings to be held in
the college town has just been made pub
lic. * The teachers of sixteen counties
will also hold Institutes in Berkeley from
December 2ff to 29, and a large number
of meetings has been arranged. Owing
to the large . number of teachers, who
have already arrived, keepers of board-
Ing and rooming houses are finding great
difficulty in providing ; accommodations
for . the many . visitors. \u25a0
The counties /which will be represented
at. the teachers' Institute are Alameda,
Contra Costa," Fresno, Kings, Madera,
Marin, Mendocino,' San'Benito, San Joa
quin, Santa Clara,. Santa ;Cruz, Sonoma,
Butter, Tolo, Sacramento • arid Solano.
From these counties 2503 teachers have
already signified their intention of at
tending the institute, j Following is a list
In detail of the departments which will
meet during the four days J of the Insti
tute: \u25a0 \u25a0 . • ._ \u25a0' • \u25a0 - \u25a0 •\u25a0•-\u25a0\u25a0
. High school department, In California Hall,
the mornings of December 27,: 28 and 29; ele
mentary department, in Harmon Gymnasium,
the mornings of December 27, 28 and 29; draw
ing; and manual- departments, : in \u25a0: Stiles Hall,
the mornings of December 27, 28 and 29; music
department. First I Presbyterian Church, the
afternoon of December 26 and the morning of
December 27. ...-,,..—
County boards, in the observatory, the after
noon of December. 26 ; and .the afternoon of De
cember 28; natural science and agriculture. In
Hearst Hall, the afternoon of December 26 and
the mornings of December 27, 28 and 29; libra
ry department, in the Unitarian Church, the
mornings of.December 27, 28 and 29; council,
in-, room -I,"' philosophy building, the morn
ings of December 26 and 27 and the afternoon
of December 26; chemistry -and physic* depart
ment, the afternoon of December 26 and 28.
•Mathematics department, in room 4, North
Hall, the afternoon of. December 26 and 28;
farmers' Institute, Hearst Hall, the afternoons
of December 27, 28 and 29; geography depart
ment, in the Flrat Congregational Church, tha
mornings of December 27 and 29, and room 22,
South Hall, on the morning of December 23;
short -story club, in room 1 of the philosophy
building, the afternoon of December 28. -\u0084" :\u25a0\u25a0>
Domestic science \u25a0\u25a0 department,-, in ; the base
ment of Hearst 1 Hall,: the mornings of Decem
ber 27 and 28; classics department,- in room 8,
North Hall, the afternoon \u25a0of pecember 28;
school boards, in the observatory, the mornings
of December 27, 28 and 29; kindergarten de
partment, in Stiles Hall, ; the morning of De
cember 28; commercial department. In the en
tomology building,* I the | afternoon of 3 Decem
ber 26. ' , \u0084 . • \u25a0 ..-..-
• German department, .in room 25,' North Hall,
the afternoon of \u25a0 - December 28: . San Jose
alumni. In Stiles . Hall,, upstairs, the afternoon
of - December 28; history, department in the
Christian Church,' the -mornings \u25a0of December
27 and .29. A ' general meeting.: of. the whole
Institute Is to be held in Harmon Gymnasium
the afternoons of December 27 and 29.
FIREMAN SAVES BUILDING. — Oakland.
Dec: 14.— What might have been a serious fit -o
at Sixteenth street and Ran^.PabloavenuA this
evening was prevented %y the , prompt work of
Fireman ; Edward Brandt.- 1 who dashed- into a
room filled 1 with smoke ana turned off the gas
in a meter that was : ablaze." The ' cause was
the crossing* of two electric .wires in the saloon
of Harry Wolbold ; at i 212 ! San ;' Pablo - avenua.
"When : Brandt turned \ off ' the gas > the flames
AUd out and the fire apparatus departed.
TOURIST HOTEL
FOR MENLO PARK
Livingston Jenks Will Con
vert Coleman Home Into an
Up-to-Date Stopping Place
ANNOUNCES HIS PLANS
Millionaire Attorney In
tends to Take Advantage
of Growth of the District
Special Dispatch to Tht Call.
MENXO PARK, Dec, H.-This district
of aristocratic homes and large estates
is at last to have a tourlßt hotel. When
Livingston Jenks, the San Francisco
millionaire and attorney, purchased the
Coleman place It was understood that
he intended to transform the Coleman
home and a few surrounding acres into
a country residence for himself. This,
however, It has been announced, will not
be done, as a more ambitions plan has
been decided upon by the new owner.
Mr. Jenks Intends to convert the house
Into a hotel and to have it in readiness
for guests In the spring. The site Is
admirably adapted for the purpose for
which it has been designed.
COFFEE AtfD RUBBER
• WILL BE FIS STUDY
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 14. —
Dr. Pehr Olssohn-Seffer, who was an In
structor In the department of systematio
botany at the Stanford University for
two years, has been appointed to take
charge of a new botanical station at La
Zacualpa. a small town In the vicinity of
Santa Cruz. Mexico. The educator 'will
sail by the next steamship. The ob
ject of the station Ib. to Investigate the
cultivation of rubber and coffee. Twelve
large plantations belonging to the Hidal
go and La Zacualpa companies with
headquarters in San Francisco comprise
the field of which Dr. Olssohn-Seffer will
be scientific director. Nine of these plan
tations are devoted entirely to coffee, the
rest to rubber.
INDICTED BY GRAND JURY.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 14. — Joseph Jere
cynsky, a shoemaker of San Francisco,
has been indicted by the Grand Jury
for assault to commit murder. He was
arrested to-day In San Francisco by
Deputy Sheriff Will P. Treanor. His
bond was fixed in the sum of $2500. Tho
defendant attended a Polish picnic at
Fairfax Park several months ago, and.
it is claimed, stabbed a man named
Bogdanovich.
v FILIPINO DISAPPEARS.
BERKELEY, Dec. 14. — Dr. F. E.
Farrington of 1829 Arch street has re
ported to the Berkeley police the dis
appearance of Alfonso Sllvestrl. a
Filipino boy, who has been In his em
ploy for a year. The youth has not
been seen since last Thursday. On
that day he went to San Francisco to
see a friend at the Occ'dental. Hotel.
He left the hotel late In the afternoon,
saying that he waß going back to Ber-v.
keley.
Dr. Farrington thinks the boy has
met with an accident or foul play. All
his belongings, Including much money
In wages, he has left behind at the
Farrington home. The San Francisco
police have been asked to aid in the
search for the boy. Silvestri is 21 years
of age and weighs 120 pounds.
FUNERAL OF JAMES M. HAVEN.
OAKLAND. Dec. 14. — The funeral of
James M. Haven, the attorney and a
founder of the Pacific Theological
Seminary, was held this afternoon from
the First Congregational Church. The
Rev. J. K. McLean, president of the
seminary, and the Rev. Charles R.
Brown, pastor of the church, officiated.
The pall bearers were E. C. Williams,
Professor C. S. Nash. Giles H. Gray. J.
B. Riohardson, George T. Hawley and
W. .E. Barnard. The remains were
cremated. •
Delegates to Conference.
SAN JOSE. Dec. "14.— E. Schilllngs
burg and J. F. Auzerals have been ap
pointed by the San Jose Chamber of
Commerce as delegates to the meeting
of the Counties Committee of the Cali
fornia Promotion Committee to be
held at Santa Barbara on Saturday.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
SCHOOLS WILL CLOSE.— Oakland^ Deo. 14.
The public schools of Oakland will be closed
to-morrow for the Christmas vacation of two
weeks. The present term does not dose till
January 19. when the regular term examina
tions will be held.
CONTRACT AWARDED.— Oakland. Dec. 14.
The Board of Public Works this afternoon
awarded the contract for a sewer in East
Twenty-second street, from the railroad tracks
to the bay, to Fred Dahnke. The sewer will
cost approximately $6020 50.
HIGH SCHOOL ALUMNI REUNION.—
Alameda. Dec. U. — There will be a reunion
of the Alumni Association of the Alameda
High School In Assembly Hall to-morrow night,
at which time the members of tha organiza
tion will give a reception to the December
graduating class.
CROCKER BORROWS $125,000. — Oakland
Dec. 14.— A mortgage was placed on -. record
here to-day from Henry J. Crocker and wife of
San Francisco to ths German Savings and Loan
Society for $125,000, covering several thousand
acres of land In Santa Clara, Alameda and
Contra Costa counties.
WANTS SHARE OF ESTATE.— Oakland
Dec. 14. — A petition for tha distribution of the
estate of the late Clark La Motte Goddard was
filed with the courts to-day. The property is
valued at $121,725 64. A son, Malcolm, Is to
get $19,000. and the daughter. Florence, $18,000
and Mrs. Louise B. Goddard the remainder. '
THORPE LOSES SUIT. — Oakland, Dec. 14
Decision to-day went against Joseph M. Thorpe
who waa suing F. M. Driesbach for a third In
terest In the Zenith Planing Mill in East Oak
land and a division of tne property. Judge
Waste decided that he had consented to have
the concern incorporated and would have to re
main content with the amount of stock repre
sented by his Interest.
ARRESTED FOR ATTACK.— Oakland Dee
14. — J. Wilson Murphy attempted to attack
several boys in a corridor of ; the Free Public
Library to-day and when he: was arrested by
Detective Lynch he tore up and threw away a
letter that ho had In his pocket. The letter
was recovered and proved to be addressed to
Peter Murphy In Australia. The writer de
clares he la employed by Charles Schwab the
steel magnate, and that he la engaged to marry
a beautiful Oakland girl. Me Is believed to be
insane.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— OakIand Dec 14
"The following marriage licenses we're i^n.Ti
by. the County Clerk: Jose Lourenzo "2 an^
Margaret Souza. 18. both of Oakland- jam»,
•W. - Irwin, 35, San Francisco., and Gertr^dl
E. Irwin. i 24. Sacramento; Harry J. Smith
32 and May E. Kohler. 21. both of OakhinJ?'.
William Wulff 27. and Grace | U St£e "c"
both of : Oakland • Ira A. Ogden, 22 anil
Sophie E. Neal. 20. both of OaklandrVrank
Vita. 31. and Amelia Masino, 19. both of Oak
land ; Frank^ C. Martens 23. and Charlotte
V Honrt. 27. both of Oakland: Theodora «:
Hansen. 31. and Maggie I. Lewis. 2^ both or
Oakland. . -
Alameda Satis ; December 23.
This > favorite steamer will make her next
trip to Honolulu, Saturday. December 23, -and
the rate for round trip is only $125. The Ala
meda ia in splendid shape — better than for
years-V Embrace 'this -'opportunity to make a
midwinter trip to a summer land. Send • for
circular. 653 Markat mtr—t. . . : • -
SLOT MACHINES
ARE NOT WANTED
Grand Jury of San Mateo
Determined to Prevent the
Use of Gambling Devices
DRAWS UP ORDINANCE
City Council Is Asked to
Take Steps to Dp Away
With the Coin-Takers
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, Dec. 14.— The Grand
Jury of this county Is determined that
nothing shall be left undone to abate
the nickel-in-the-slot evil. Acting under
the instructions of Judge Buck the Jury
presented to the Board of Supervisors
of the county an ordinance prohibiting
the obnoxious machines In the county.
Penalties of imprisonment or fines or
both were fixed, but the ordinance was
placed on file by the Supervisors and
there It has remained. Not to be put off
by such action the Grand Jury has now
appealed to the City Council of this city
to take sueh ~ measures as will exclude
the money making devices from this
city. An ordinance similar in character
to that submitted to the Supervisors has
been drafted and presented to the City
Council with the suggestion that It be
adopted. The proposed ordinance has
been placed on file.
FINDS NEW ORE BODY
AT UNGA ISLAND MINE
TACOMA, Dec 14— O. C. King, president
of the Apollo Mining Company of San
Francisco, went norm In September In
tending to close down the Apollo mine on
Unga Island. Alaska, because the ore
body had been worked out after eighteen
years' operation. Soon after his arrival
miners found a new ore body which will
be developed during the winter. King be
lieves it to be as large as the ore body
previously worked out. Result will be
continuing operations Instead of the shut
ting down of a plant costing $300,000,
which cannot be moved. King announces
that hereafter his concentrates will be
shipped to the Everett Bmelter Instead of
the British Columbia.
NAKED MAN STILL
ELUDING PURSUERS
WOODLAND, Dec. 14.— The' officers
here have learned that A. Ldrento, the
Insane man who discarded his clothing at
Webster station last Friday night, and
who it was feared had died of exposure In
the tule lands, has been seen again. Sac
ramento hunters on the Glide Gun Club
preserves have reported that they saw
the man Tuesday and endeavored to cap
ture him. Lorento had at that time .spent
four nights In the marshes and was ap
parently not suffering when last seen, al
though he was absolutely nude. It Is
probable that the man has in some way
managed to procure food, but his ability
to withstand cold nights baffles officers.
BELL'S SON KAILS TO FIND
FORTUNE IN FROZEN NORTH
BELLINGHAM, Dec. 14. — Fred Bell,
son of the lato Thomas Bell of San
Francisco, arrived in this city yester
day from Alaska, where he tried to win
a fortune in the gold fields, but failed.
He Is here trying to earn money to
return to San Francisco. He says he
intends to take a Job at .the Ei K.
Wood sawmill and watch for an op
portunity to ship on some vessel laden
with lumber for San Francisco.
FRANK QUIJADO WHO TRIED
TO BREAK JAIL CONVICTED
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 14.— Francisco Qui
jado, a life-term convict, who attempted
to escape from Folsom Prison and In so
doing attacked the prison authorities, has
been found guilty as charged and Judge
Hart will pass the death sentence soon.
Under a new State law the death penalty
Is incurred by any life-termer who thus
assaults an officer of the prison.
DEATH CALLS VETERAN.
SANTA CRUZ. Dec. 14. — George W.
Newhall, an old soldier prominent in
Grand Army circles here, died to-day
at the ago of 69. He was a native of
Vermont. He leaves a widow, four sons
and two daughters;
Wants to Extend Road.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Dec. 14.— The Es
quimalt ' and Nanaimo Railroad Is peti
tioning the Dominion Parliament at its
next session for a bill to extend the road
through Comox and north to Campbell
River; also to construct branches from
Duncans via the Valley of the Cowlchan
to Albernl; also a branch from some
point near Englishman's River to Alberni
canal, or a branch from Comox via Cum
berland southwesterly to the Alberni
canal.
Arrested on Serious Charjrr.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 14.— George Cooper and
Sig Siegel were arrested to-day by Chief
Carroll, charged with attacking Ada Boo
singer. The Boosinger girl, who is barely
13 years of age, declares that she was
enticed to a room on South First street
and forced to remain all night. She
identified Cooper and Siegel an her assail
ants.
LEASE OP LAXD/OX -WATER'
FROXT UXDEH ADVISEMENT
Ttto Acre* of Space Belonging: to State
Near Sea-wall at Disposal of
* Harbor Board.
Harbor Commissioners Spear. Crock
er and Mackenzie paid a visit on Wed
nesday last to the newly acquired
lands of the State adjacent to the
docks of the Pacific Mall Steamship
Company. By reason of th,e extension
of the seawall the State acquires 82.000
square feet of land in this locality. A
. proposition to lease the premises to
I the Mail Company or the Southern Pa
cific has been taken under advisement
by the Board of Harbor Commission
ers. * It ia figured that this area of two
acres on the water front, together with |
other stocks, secured In the building of
the wall, may .be leased for a sum of
money, sufficient to. pay the interest on
the $2,000,000, of bonds issued for the
I extension of the wall. v
i . Charles* H. Spear, president or the
'board, did not attend the regular week
ly session of the Commissioners yester
day afternoon and the subject of fixing
the rental value of the State land near
the new. Mall dock was not disposed of
by Commissioners Mackenzie • and
Crocker. . "
Chief - Engineer, Hood of the South
ern Pacific advised the Commissioners
in.Ja written communication that the
railroad company had no . Intention of
obstructing the navigation of Islais
Creek, but was simply . performing
work required ; by an ; ordinance passed
by the Board of Supervisors in 190 J.
PAUL EDWARDS
RECEIVES HONOR
Stanford Student, Register
ing* From Indianapolis, Is
Made Head of English Club
SUCCEEDS MR. FOWLER
Miss M. H. Pedlar of San
Francisco Is Elected Vice
President of the Society
Special DlapctcH to THe Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. 14. —
Paul C. Edwards, a student In the de
partment of English of the Stanford Uni
versity, registering from Indianapolis, was
elected last night to the presidency of .the
English Club. The other officers who
were elected are: Miss M. H, Pedlar
CO6) of San Francisco vice president and.
W. H. B. Fowler ('O6). the retiring presi
dent, secretary-treasurer. E. K. Put
nam of the English department was se
lected as the faculty member of the exec
utive committee.
P. C. Edwards has had a brilliant lit
erary career dating back to his sopho
more year. He Is editor of the Sequoia,
the IJterary journal of the university, a
member of the Press Club, Sigma Sigma
and' Quadrangle societies. He Is also a
member of the Delta Upsllon fraternity.
Two new students were admitted to the
club last night— E. J. Hadley ('08) and W.
Y. Went* ('O6).
Charles A. Keeler, the "California
poet," -was entertained last evening by
the society. He read an Interesting paper
on "A Guild of California letters."
FLEMING IS ELECTED.
Defeats James Stanford for Presidency
of Eacina Clnb.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. 14. —
In a 'hotly contested election- R. D.
Fleming, a senior In the department of
Economics at the Stanford University
registering from Philadelphia, won the
presidency of the ITclna Club over James
Stanford ('O6) of football fame, last night
at the semi-annual meeting of the resi
dents of the dormitory. The question of
student control In the "hall" was dis
cussed, but was passed up for further
consideration. This system Is advocated
by the faculty as the 'only possible solu
tion of such disturbances as arose the
early part of this semester. The follow
ing directors were elected:
1906. J. E. Campbell and O. A. Tar bell;
1907, W. A. Campbell and N. P. Bryan;
1903, R. A. Carter and C. C. Johnson;
1909, C Coonan and C. Breer.
WANTS STANFORD SETTLEMENT.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. 14. —
Dr. D. Charles Gardner, chaplain of the
Stanford University, has asked for the
co-operation of the alumni In San Fran
cisco In the formation of a college set
tlement. At present there Is no such
Institution bearing the name of Stan
ford, and Dr. Gardner believes that
Stanford, in order not to be behind
Berkeley, should found some such In
stitution.
ASSESSORS OF STATE PAY VISIT
TO THE TOWN OF L'KIAFI
Prominent Citizen* of Northern City
Accompany Officials on Trip
Thronch Valley.
UKIAH. Dec. 14.— A special train
carrying fifty State Assessors arrived
here this afternoon. The officials spent
several hours riding about the city and
valley, visiting the different points of
Interest. They were accompanied by
a delegation of Ukiah citizens. Th»
visitors were accompanied by a num
ber of prominent Santa Rosa people.
The Assessors were on an excursion
yesterday to the head of the railroad
at Sherwood. They attended a ball and
banquet at Willits last night.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 14. — The Asses
sors of California, who have been on
a two days' trip through Sonoma and
Mendocino counties on a pleasure trip
as the guests of Sonoma County's As
sessor. Frank E. Dowd. returned here
this evening. 'While absent the Asses
sors decided to meet next year In Oak
land. The San Joaauln Valley Asses
sors' Association decided to meet at
Merced on February 24. This evening
the members of the association were
the guests of President Henry P. Dal
tofa of Alameda County at a banquet
at the Occidental Hotel In this city.
MUST RETURN TO WIDOW
MONEY SHE PAID FOR STOCK
Snpreme Court of Washington Restores
95000 to the Coffers of an
t Aged Woman.
TACOMA. Dec. 14.— The State Su
preme Court has decided that J. A.
Wlntermute, local real estate dealer,
when acting as agent for Martha I.
Landis. a widow over 70 years of age 1 .
sold her $5000 worth of his own stoclc
In a mining company operating near
Ketchlkan, Alaska, at $1 a share when
the market value of the stock was only
fifty cents and that Wintermuto must
now return to Mrs. Landis her $5000
and she Is to return the stock. The
lower court found that the mine had
good prospects of becoming a paying j
Institution and that Mrs. Landia had
not made out a case.
MARINERS STEAL COIN AND RING
FROM A COMRADE IN ARMS
" Thieves Are Arrested by Taliejo Of
ficer* and Tnrned Oxer to Navy
Yard Authorities. Xs ;
VALLEJO, Dec. 14.— H. J. Mclntyre.
a .marine at the Mare Island barracks,
reported to the authorities to-day that
a chest In his room had been broken
open and $100 in money and a valuable
ring stolen. "Within a short time an
officer detailed on the case arrested O.
IX* Peager and Michael Ryan, marines.
who were spending money freely, and
charged them with the theft. Tbe
ring and $50 were found on Ryan.
Both men will be tried by court-martial
en a charge of grand larceny.
NOW* BEING TRIED FOR CRIME
COMMITTED FOUR YEARS AGO
Corporation Sends Lawyer From lowa
to California to Prosecute aa
\u0084, Alleged Forcer.
RED BLUFF. Dec. 14.— The trial of
Charles O. Fletcher on a charge of
forgery preferred by the Spaulding
Buggy Company of lowa was com
menced here to-day. Fletcher -was
extradited from the State of Wa3hing
ton and the buggy company has sent
a special attorney from lowa 'to prose
cute him. The crime was committed
over four year 3 ago. . \u25a0
f\u25a0% \u25a0 \
"VrAR AND WAGON COLLIDE.— In a co\TU^
sion with a Twenty-second arrest car at th%
corner •of Twenty-second and Mission streets
yesterday. John Lucey and John Russell wens
thrown from the seat of then- wa«on and
Lucey. who was driving, received several
slight contusion* of tha head. He wVa
taken to the Central Emergency Hospital.
-rH»~> him wound* war* drswed. *»*••.