Ihe Call Prints JVteigaS^s x
THE WEATHER.
Forecast for October 18, 1S0S:
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy
Wednesday; brisk west winds.
A. G. MoADIB.
jj Di»trlct Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVIII— NO. 140.
TRUST AIDS
THE RIVAL
OF CASTRO
General Greene
Exposes Asphalt
Company.
Testifies That It Took
Hand in Venezue
lan Revolution.
Aotion Taken During Absence
of the President of the
Corporation.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17. — General Fran
cis V. Gree:.e. former president of the
Katlonal Asphalt Company, was exam
ined to-day before United States Com
missioner Gilchrlet as a" witness in be
half of the Venezuelan Government in
the action instituted by the latter
against the New York and Bermudez
Company to recover about $11,000,000
because of the latter organization's al
leged assistance of the Matos revolu
tion in ISOI.
General Greene «a s asked but one
question, hi* reply being ti the effect
that the defendant company did ma
terially- aid the revolutionist)!.
The question, as put to General
Greene by Lawyer Rufus B. Cowing
Jr., representing' the Venezuelan Go\-
•rnment, was as follows:
"State whether, when you returned
from Europe in 1901, you knew John.
M. Mack. "A very D. Andrews and Ar
thur Azwell. or any of them as repre-*
•entatives of the National Asphalt
Company or any of the allied com
pajvics .Tvcrc. in -catuimmicatioji -with*
H. A. Matos or "were aiding: him with
money or in any other manner.
".Mr only knonleusf," replied Gen
eral Greene, "of thi« matter cornea
from what Tiaat told me by Messrs.
Black, Andrews and Sewell. When I re
turned from Europe in October, 1901, I
via* surprised to learn from them that
during- my absence they had decided to
•upport Matoi in bis contest with Cas
tro.
"I told them that I thought they had
ni9.de a great mistake, because what
they had don* was not acting in good
faith with the State Department in
Washington, which up to tha,t time,
and largely on representations made
by me to Secretary Hay, had supported
the Bprmudez Company to suoh an ex
tent as to enable it to continue in pos
session of its rroprrty. I told them
\u2666 hat in view »f what |hey liad done
during my absrncf it would be im
possible for me to mak«» any further
claims at the Stat*> I >*-partn]eiit in
Washington in connection with . the
Bemrades <'..i:ip a ;iy. and. in fact. I
nrver did after that go to the Sta.te
Department in behalf of the asphalt
company.
"Whilp I was president of the Xa
tionii Asphalt Company Mr. Mack and
his Friends controlled a large major
ity of the Stock and h<? was also .vice
president of the- compafrijr and rlnto&Ily
}n contrnj. The company parsed Into
Hi*" hands of a r^-eiver about two
months lat<u and at that time I had
practically no v<ik<> in its management.
My connection wfth !t *n«j*»d a few
months if/tr. aril for < onsiderably
niopp than tnre«» years I hay*> had no
ronT»ectJr>n with tjh a Asphalt Company
of any kind whatever."
The hearing was adjourned until to
morrow to m*et in Washington.
FRANCE GIVEN FREE HAND.
Acting With the Full Approval of the
I'nited States.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 17.— 1n sending
•warships to the West Indies France is
acting not only with .the knowledge
but with the full approval of the
Washington Government. Before this
action was decided upon M. Jusserand,
the French Embassador, informed Sec
retary Root of his Government's course
cf action, which the secretary heartily
approved. It is made clear .that the
Washington and Paris Governments
have arrived at a thorough under
standing regarding Venezuela.
CHERBOURG. Oct. 17.— Active work
is going on here In preparing reserve
vessels for service in case of eventu
alities in Venezuela. The arsenal and
the artillery department also are
working at full pressure. The cruiser
Desaix, which left yesterday, took
large stores of ammunition for For.t do
France. Island of Martinique.
I?ATN IN HONOLULU
CAUSED BY BLASTS
Showers Descend Re^iilarly
After Explosions Xear
Naval Station.
Special Cable to The C«U.
HONOLULU, Oct. IT.— For some weeks
It has been observed 4hat following heavy
blasts in the coral near the naval station
ebowers of considerable violence have
drenched the city. Bo regularly has been
the phenomenon that It is now almost
generally accepted that the. explosions
cause the sudden fall of rain which in
variably follows.
This is the beginning of the rainy sea
son and the clouds at the heads of the
valleys are constantly being carried over
the city by the trade winds. Many of
these pass on over without any rain fall-
Ing in Honolulu, but when the -blasts,
which are 'set off at, irregular Intervals,
shake- the foundation, of the town, a
shower Is the Invariable sequence.
The San Francisco Call.
MOORS FIRE
ON BRITISH
WAR CRAFT
Bullets Pierce the
Funnel of the
Cherwell.
Two Officers of Royal
Marines Captured
by Bandits. '
King's Ships WiU Promptly
Compel .Redress for the
Outrage.
GIBRAI.TAH, Oct. IT_-The nritUh
torpedo-boat destroyer riirrnrll re
port* that yesterday evening, while
nnchored between Ceuta and Ceres,
she nu nred at by Moors, whose bul
lets pierced her funnel. The Cherwell
threw her searchlight upon the as
sailant*. There w*re no casualties.
LONDON; Oct. 18^-The correKpond
ent of the Dally Mail at .Madrid says
that, fenrinar an attack .by \u25a0 British
torpedo-boat, the bandits of the Anjera
tribe released the two British officers,
.Captain Crowthcr and Lieutenant
liatton, who have arrived at Ceuta.
The British Foreign Office has sent
instructions to Its Minister at Morocco
to take the most energetic measures
in regard to the capture of the two of
ficers of the Royal Marines. Several
British warships are already off the
Moorish. coast in connection with the
wreck of the repair ship Assistance in
Tetuan Bay, so there Is pjertf y. ot.foree
available to impress the Moorish au
thorities with the necessity for prompt
redress. .
TANGIER, Morocco, Oct. 17.— Two
British marine officers have been cap
tured and carried off by the Anjera
tribe while returning to Ceuta from
the British repair ship Assistance, re
cently wrecked in Tetuan Bay. They
are Captain John E. Crowther and
Lieutenant ' Edward A. Hatton of the
Royal Marines. They had an escort
of twenty-one Riff tribesmen and were
attacked by half a dozen Anjeras. un
der a brother of Valiente. the brigand
chief, who was recently arrested at
Tangier. The RlfTs fled and the two
officers were overpowered.
The same band lately assassinated
the Governor of Ceuta and his son.
Later In the day communication was
effected with the captives. The brigand
chief demands as the terms for their
release the freedom of Valiente. The
consent of the Spanish Government is
necessary if any further steps be
taken.
ASSERTS CITY
OWNERSHIP IS
A MERE FAD
MarshallFieldSumsUp
the Result of His _
Investigation.
Special Dispatch to Tha CsJL
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— After making a
study of municipal ownership problems
and carrying his investigations to for
eign lands, Marshall Field of Chicago
says flatly that municipal ownership
won't do. \u25a0 • . .
"It Is a fad," he asserted, as he reached
the pier from the deck of the Kronprinz
Wilhelm, arriving from Bremen. "It's
a fad like the silver question was, and
we will find that it will soon drop out
of the public mind. J. predict that within
ftve years we. in America, will hear noth
ing more about it. After Mayor. Dunne's
campaign in Chicago, I certainly ought
to know enough about the subject to
know that municipal ownership Is a bad
thing for us.
FLOWEKS CONCEAL
STOBEiOE: DYNAMITE
Barcelona Police Uncover
Plot A gainst French
PARIS. Oct. 17. — A despatch to the
Gil Blais from Madrid to-day announced
that the police of Barcelona have found
a number of packages ;of dynamite
concealed in flowers. The investigations
made indicate that; there was a plot
to. line; dynamite -during President
Loubet's approaching- visit to King Al
fonso. Several arrests have been made.
l.sidy ll:irtopp to Weil Earl Cowley.
LONDON, -Oct. 17. — It is announced
tha,t Lady Ilartopp, who'in April last
was divorced by . Sir Charles Hartopp
after a sensational trial, has gone to
Colombo, Ceylon, .where she will - marry
Earl Cowlcy, the co-respondent in? the
case. .
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER :18. 1005:
FAIR THIEF
HAS PLENTY
OF MONEY
San Francisco Wo
man Steals a
1 I is \jf
Arrested and Arraigned
Before Philadelphia
Magistrate.
Gives Name Which the Police
Regard as Only an
'Alias.
Special Dispatch to Thf Call,
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 17.— Wearing at
her. throat a magnificent diamond sun
burst and carrying in her purse more
than $1000 In currency, a handsomely
gowned woman, who gave her name as
Mrs. Annie W. Barr, of! San Franciscq,
was arrested at the exit of a large de
partment store this afternoon, charged
with shoplifting. At the time of her
arrest by two store detectives, she had in
her possession a winter coat valued at
1350, which she had tried on In the, store
a few moments previously and laid aside
on a table in the cloakroom. The store
detectives charge that she left that sec
tion of the store after carelessly, laying
the garment aside and, returned- in a few
moments, claiming it as though it! was
her own coat that she had' left behind.
: She was. given an immediate private
hearing before a local .magistrate and
advanced $400 cash bail for a hearing on
"Wednesday morning. When arrested she
broke down and wept. - \u25a0 • . .
•-Mrs." BatT'hurrled' away f ronr the^rna'g^
Ist: ate's office after the hearing and
drove around for an hour or more before
going to her. hotel, evidently fearing that
she was "being followed. The name she
gave is undoubtedly an alias, for no per
son named Barr was registered at a local
hotel to-night.
The handsome prisoner tearfully told
Magistrate 'McLeary that she was on a
trip to the East and came to- Philadel
phia a day or two ago from Brooklyn,
where she has been visiting a friend.
.She has been well provided with money
for her trip, baying received $2000 from
her husband for her expenses here. She
Eaid she! was a guests at a prominsnt
hotel jin • this city. iebe' seemed terror
stricken -lest some word of her plight
should reach her friends in the West. •
BRITISH ANGER
AGAIN STIRRED
BY THE KAISER
Germany Encroaching
Upon Forbidden
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDOX, Oct. 17. -Emperor William's
decision to dispatch a special mission
to Teheran for the purpose of bringing
about closer political and commercial re
lations between Germany and Persia has
excited a' great deal of dissatisfaction
and anger in England, the move being
regarded aa aimed against British' in
terestsand as supplying a further, illus
tration of Germany's animosity.
Hitherto Southern Persia has been re
garded : as more especially ' the | sphere of
Egland. Northern Persia being under
Russian \u25a0 Influence. ; but J g the enormous
German trade with Persia through Ger
man East African ports and the German
network of railroads through Syria and
the valley of the Euphrates' and Tigris
are supplying formidable factors of sup
port to Germany in her rivalry with
Britain there. •
The German' mission, which will. be un
der Yon Rosen, former Abyssinian envoy,'
is arousing" many misgivings' in -English
Government circles, owing, to the: "per
nicious activity of the Kaiser."
SON OF CALIFORNIA BANKER
, TAKES BRIDE IN THE EAST
Herbert ' Lnwton ; AVeds ; Miss Louise
Wa terluir j-. Daughter of a Tcle
urnph Operator.
'^STAMFORD. CounJ.'. Oct. 17.—Her
bert Liawlon and Miss. Louise 'A. W^ter
bury -wero married here ; to-night,: and
every! romantic woman is praying that
she'wjll be as lucky and happy as Miss
Waterbury is/; 1 " ; ; ,
Miss Waterbury, and Mr. Lawton
met at the Presbyterian Church.- Miss
Waterbury -is ' the daughter of Henry
D. -Waterbury,- a -telegraph « operator.
The bridegroom-is the only, son of .the
late', A: T. -. Lawton, -; the " 'California
banker, .who; made a w - fortune s;in\ the
early days of the gold. discoveries and
afterward i lived . at »; Newport.
Malutalns , Innocence : to \u25a0 Last.
BISMARCK;iN:p..VOct. 17.—Protest
ing;- his-- innocence ;to - the .\u25a0 last, :_.: John
Rooney;;was' hanged rto-day " : for the
niurderiof fHarold Swcet*on August' 2G,'
MILLIONAIRE FURRIER IMPLICATED
IN GIGANTIC BOUNTY FRAUDS.
Utah Authorities Find Mass of Incriminating Letters
Ernest Wagner, a. wealthy pelt dealer of New York, has been connected with the recently exposed coyote scalp bounty swindlers
in Utah by correspondence recovered from a safe deposit box in , the Union Trust Company's vault in this city. Mary Riggle, wife of one of
the gang under arrest at Salt Lake, surrendered ihe dcciments in an effort to save her spouse and her son-in-law from a fellon's fate.
Reveal *T heir Secret
\:Jn:^]^orh;for
Clemency.
Swindlers Disclose
Hiding Spot of
Documents,
SALT. LAKE, Oct. 17.— After many
months of persistent . trailing ' through
out - the West j the 'authorities "have ; un
covered ) evidence • which \u25a0 they- . believe
will incriminated Ernest ; Wagner, v ; re
puted » w York , millionaire fur dealer,
Km the head and front of a large' gang;
of iwlio, have operated* with
remarkable, nuocei* '; In defrauding
mnny.-,AVe»ter»- States out or many
thousand* of dollars by meaiM'of ' frau
dulent wild nnlmal -bount j- claims. :
Evidence ;in' thV'sh'ape of letters and;
other i document s^'.as ? been ; brought , to
light a which,*: according H6\ the ';lnyestlf'
gators,, has 'direc.tly connected W.igneiv
witli the gang, of 'which have
been : arrested > and : are -awaiting trial
in ; this city.;' \. : 'r-. :r -y r ; - /,'.'',.::' '\u25a0 ({;\u25a0';,
;" The' .search '-for- these' connecting
links has": -beeri^ rewarded by! the dls
cQvery in' San ; ; Francisco of .this alleged
incriminating ''. It^was
found >in:> Istrorig;bo1 strorig;box f ;inithe\vaults?of
the Union ; Trusts Company iof that city."
and, : through a strange 7 series of events,"
has \u25a0;, been J placed--: In - the possession': of
the .'law -offlceirsyof ; ••-. Salt
Lake.- These «" documents > are 'declared
to- pointTconclusively.% to «/ Wagner '-.^ as
having l } had. -. the '!? closest ; of relations
•with 5 members .of i the T garig ) now',in. Jail.'
In "fact," itl was; through'itwo'offthem^
William Riggle ':\u25a0 and .• \u25a0"- his son-in-law/
MRS. MART -HIGGLE OF THIS CITY. WHO GAVE THE - UTAH AUTHORI
TIES: LrETTERB THAT WILL BE UBED TO PROSECUTE A RICH: EASTERN'
•MERCHANT IN COYOTE FRAUD CASES.
George Rumsby— that the officials were
able Jto?ffaln possession: of the-much
sought" papers.' ;'.- ; ; ; -\u25a0
- Behind ;the; dramatic story of^ tha
find, as It is with shadowy
events.* Ist the -longhand- unwearied efr
fort of, the swindled bankers of Salt
Lake; .to ; recover some \u25a0 of -;the gold that
they.- paid -over : their ' counters ;. to 'this
extraordinary , .band i .of swindling
sharpers.. .-;..- ." ; .". \
. ; It -was.^during .the ;search for coin
that: the. trail; led .to. the- Wagner cor
respondence.'; While Riggle and Rums T
>by v were ,in jail ; awaiting , " trial : they
, opened-. negotiations with .theprosecut
ing officers in. the hope of /obtaining
clemency.".- They, declared , that out in
San Francisco, \u25a0••-.where vSheriffs/and.- de-T 1
tectlves;and ( attorneys had .been -hunt
ing for coin -of/ the 1 gang > there ; ? was
valuable; evidence/that:- r would 5> bring
home, -to' the , New'.Yorkr furrier • respon
sible '\u25a0',\u25a0 before^-<the ; ; law . as ;•, being., t;he
fountain ; head-' of y the ; swindling; plot;
against ; the \u25a0 treasuries /of half -a -dozen
States west of the r Mississippi 'River.
VAULTHOLDSSECRETS.
at", ln that, same vault 'to*" which one fu
itlle^vislt. In quest of hidden
plunder- had - been ' made „ on t the" 1 Xl tab.
officers.-. were 'the -letters." Riggle and
Rumsby \ agreed^ to J reveal ' ' how/-, they
couldsbe v obtained. "^They.' asserted ;; the
revelatlonal in^ the were
most sensational^ and { -would s "surely-* fix
thY guilt .of "Wagner,*: their, principal.'./ *;
.>.; Out -West : came • the « Sheriff,? the > at
torney for Higgle and here by arrange-
ALCAZAR— "The CrUl»."
CALIFORNIA— Burlesque
CENTRAL — "Tracked Around th«
World."
COLUMBIA— "MereIy Mary Ann."
CHUTE3— Vaudeville. Matinee.
GRAND— "In Old Kentucky."
MAJESTIC— "Janice Meredith."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville. Matln««.
TTVOLI— Grand Owra.
ment they met .Mrs. .Mary . Rlggle, wife
of one .of i the . neensed men, who had
possession of. the ;safe * deposit vault
keys; \ To lier went Instructions to de
liver" the: eorrespotcdence. ."he com
piled./: The letters were brought back
to Salt I.nke. Examination of -. their
contents verified the prisoners' asser
tions.
i Their, reward will be. the exercise of
judicial clemency . when ; the : pair ap-
Bjar for '.trial 'this week. ." : .
; \u25a0As soon "as t the were' re
ceived- steps were * taken " to . proceed
against- Wagner .by civil and by crim
inal process., * The Utah -Commercial
and. Savings -Bank -of. this city- is" be
hind,thlsYmove.; ; This bank 105t, 514,500
bj r : cashing' fraudulent bounty claims
that'Were^ issued* to 'the; gang through
the connivance of grafting county ofQ-"
cers>lnf.yarlous districts of Utah. But
ithis item*;. is \only.-"a.; small, part ..orf r the
tptal. '•.":.. Other . banks : suffered heavily
and It"!ls "= estimated $50,000 to $100,000
was -cleaned , up in -Utah alone. -
;*lt; *It Is specifically charged that-the letters
show. - that , Wagner had made a deal
with J Rumsby. . Riggle ". and * others bounty
claims . swindlers to" f u'rnijh them with
skins^and' pelts _of ; wild animals
could be manipulated. for bounty purpose.*.
TheJexposure of^thls, enormous graft'nas
resulted ' in , the ; starting of ; much inyestl
gatlon " the T avenues of % which cross and
recroas ' the \u25a0 continent* from ; New York r to
Ban v Francisco:, -^ . "'\u25a0, .-.• .. \u0084 .-/ .
{' EaVly last .spring Utah^offlcials oecanie
Continued on ' Pace ", Column 1.
THE THEATERS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Wife Tries to Save
Her Spouse Who
Defrauded.
Surrenders Letters to
Sheriff of Salt
With the knowledge that her ho*.
hand wai on the edse of a feloa'a cell,
and . urced by the pleadlnss of hrr
dnushterN spouse, who stood at the
same threshold of Infamy, Mrs. Mary
niggle. In mental and physical suJer
lns, has surrendered to the authorttlca
of the . State of Utah the letters and
documents Riven Into her keeptnsr. that*
It la alleged* iniplieate Ernest AVagner,
n Xht York millionaire. In the Utah
bounty claim* frauds. "'
Ignorant as she declares she was of
the important" packet . that "she held in
her custody, she saw only the opportunity
to prevent "the father of her foar chil
dren "from becoming a convict and th«
husband of her offspring from . Joining
that parent in the Utah penitentiary.
Whether tho deed " will accomplish
its purpose rests now with the judi
cial authorities at Salt Lake.* "Here in.
San Francisco a weeping woman waits
for the news that shall , say whether
these men have received* the clemency
she prays will be shown.
William Rlggle. the husband, and
George Rumsby.. the " son-in-law. gay«
the Utah '. authorities, according, to a
dispatch from Salt Lake, the informa
tion upon which . Under Sheriff Sharp.
Attorney IL E. Booth of Salt Lake* and
Attorney Charles Pence of .this city
procured the letters that were locked
In Mrs. Riggle" s safe deposit box at the
Union > Trust Company's vaults.
In ~ her " rooms ' at: ;; a n' Eddy-street
Continued on Pa«e 2. Columa 1.2
REVEAL SECRET iH EFFORT
TO OBTHMCLEMEMY.
f -\u0084 . - . .. \u25a0 — _.. . . . ,
Coyote Scalp Sharpers Betray Man Said
to Be Head of the Conspiracy.
SUIT AND PROSECUTION FOLLOW
Continued From l'as<* 1. Column 0.
;iv\are that iraud was being practiced
In this game of bounties.
Dete<-tlve« were put at tvork ami the
«!lw«viT} \v«m made that nu orsanUed
Kunj; was operutitiif iw this State aa
trell nti in Kuus^is. Xebraaka. Arizona,
« <>lcir:ui<>. Xeva<!.-t. Wyonilns «««' other
•tales where bounties were paid for
the «kln» of «vMd :tnliiuil» that were
destructive to livestock.
The work of running down the gan^
ltd to the arresi of George Jones, whose
confessions were followed by the apprt
hension ai Denver in May of Rumsby and
Biggie. In the house where the pair was
caught many thousands of pelts prepared
for shipment to various bounty-paying
districts were seized. Many of these
skins, it was learned, had come from
New York and South America. It is
averred that Warner wa? the center of
shipping operations. A number of Utah
county officials were also arreytsd, the
charge being tha: they had permitted
many hundreds of besus pelts to be ac
cepted and in. many other ca^s had
neglected to mutilate the delivered pelts
so that they could not be offered for
bounties a .«econd time. The evidence is
that the skins "were made to work over
time fur months. It was charged that
there had been clever manipulation of
tkfns !n thai bounties in large amounts
for wolf and mountain lion pelts were
paid on what were really coyote hides.
CASHED JIA.VV WARRANTS.
T'pon the issuance of the county war
rauts for payment the swindlers would
cash them at the banks. After the ex
posure the Sfate refused to accept these
disi-ountod warrants. The result was a
heavy loss to the banks. After Rumsby
and Rlgjrle were arrested the hunt for
coin supposed to have been sent to San
Francisco was begun. Rlggle's wife was
found there with Mrs. "Rumsby. her
daughter. The Utah Commercial, and
Savings Bank retained Attorney Charles
J. Pence of San Krancisco to protect its
interests. Under Sheriff J. C Sharp of
this city went to San Francisco in June
and spent two weeks trying to trace the
coin. It Tvas believed the women knew
where the money was concealed. Attacn
tuents were levied or garnishments were
filed at the Bank of California, tne
Crocker- Wool worth National Bank and
the Union Trust Comoany. Then Sheriff
Emery followed to San Francisco. But
no coin was found. In the Trust Com
pany's safe deposit box rented by Mrs.
Higgle a lot of letters were uncovered,
but these had nn significance at the time.
It wa-s not until the time of trial ap
proached that the prisoners revealed to
the disappointed officers who had re
turr.ed erp.pty-handed the importance of
thf>K? satr.e documents.
Meantime a suit against Mrs.. Higgle.
her Jmpr.'soned husband and son-in-law to
recover J14.500 thnt had been brought in
Sen Francisco by the bank was rest
in?. Attorney H. E. Booth", represent
ing th» men, h*M conferences with the
officials on the subject of the letters. It
yes at last decided to go to San Fran
cisco with a direction to Mrs. Higgle
to deliver the documents. Early this
month Booth and under Sheriff Sharp
arrived there. They found Mrs. Riggle,
and the trio, with attorney Pence, went
to the vault and the correspondence was
turned over to the men from Utah.
These documents are !n the hands of
District Attorney Christensen. They will
be used in the prosecution of Wagner,
and will be placed at the service of the
r>ar.k in !£\u25a0 suit to recover from the Xew
Yorker. While no explicit promises have
been made to Rumsby or to RiggJe, there
Is a tacit understanding that for their
WIFE YIELDS TO OLD LOVE
70 SA YE HER HUSBAND.
Continued From Pase I, Column 7.
lodging-house, -where the puzzled and
perturbed woman 5s living with her
children, she told last night how ehe
was "persuaded to surrender the docu
ments and how she knew naught of th«
evil that had befallen ncr husband un
til her daughter and her daughter's
child went to her for succor. For four
years, Mrs. Riggle said, she had been
separated from her spouse. She con
tinut-d:
"When I left my husband in the
Kast I came to California for my
health. After settling down in San
l^rancisco I made a living as best I
could conducting lodging-houses and
the like. I heard very little of my
husband and had no knowledge of
\u25a0what he was doing. Durinc the Boer
i)K. PIERCIJTS KEMKDIES.
\.J ANQEL CHILDREN.
\\»/tf Is there any happier
i^*s§^' ironian * n world than
\ «Sis- that mother whose each
/frfiN^ successive little one seems
. ff\"X^ l ? er but one more dar-
,« •" * A l|ng angel to continually
. -. lift her thoughts toward
figkj? the sunshine of perfect
ws?c happiness? But sorry is
jrf «* °f that poor moth-
fffi er to whom motherhood
in ' tas cease<^ to be a
f * • /&* cause of rejoicing,
Al^ but has become in-
V <">-»_>& Z. s\> s t* a d a burden to
V .* TVM ** dreaded and
\u25a0^^\u25a0Mj^^ looked forward to
*~ri / *& *^^^ ith melancholy
d^^rS^Mj^ an^ apprehension.
f'^Sr (s3sSi * "About three
<cSr5 *^^^^. mon ths before our
\Tyrl^J^^^. i* 9l baby was bom
fO IXL^^S^ ( which is our
"VvS If y&tikim*' fourth ) ? writes
\l ' Mrs. Nellie Carl, of
" Myrtlepoint, Coos
Co, Oregoa. "my health wu very poor. I had
b«B troubled for about rig^it yean with female
diseass. I doctored with good physicians but
ol>tc:n«-d ao PtlieC so I wrote to the World* Dis-
pensary Medical Association, ted was advised
to tike Dr. Pierce* Favorite Prescription and
' Golden Medical Discovery.' I did so, and am
happy to aay my bealth began to improve and I
«iid my work cp to the last, and felt splendid.
"I got alone finely daring confinement, and
hare the healthiest baby I ever saw. When he
\u25a0was three months old he weighed eighteen
pounds: he is now seven months old and weighs
twenty-four pounds. I can aay I have had no
return of my old troubles. I thank you very
x&ticfa for the good you have done me!"
Any .woman may write to Dr. R. V.
Pierce, of Buffalo, N. V., a statement of
her case, which will be considered in ab-
solute confidence by this physician who
stands among the foremost specialists of
the century in the treatment of women's
diseases. He will send her (in a plain,
sealed envelope) sound, sensible, valua-
ble advice' free of all charge.
Dr. Pierces great thousand-page, ill-
lustrated Common Sense Medical . Ad-
viser will be sent free, paper-bound, for.
21 one-cent stamps, to pay the cost of
mailing only, or cloth - bound for 31
Stamps,
action In turning over the letters they
will be punished by a merely nominal
sentence.
ATTACHMENTS DIS3IISSED.
la view of these disclosures the attach
ment suit against them was dismissed in
Kan Francisco on October 5, immediately
after Mrs. Higgle produced the letters
tor which the othcers went to the Pacific
Coast. Besides this evidence District
Attorney Chrlstensen has a statement
irom Rumsby which is saJd to-be strons
.y corroborative of the evidence, disclosed
oy the letters.
Wagner's headquarters, is said -to be in
University Place, New York City. Re
has been in business for -years and, ac
cording to the authorities, has . a large'
lit- Id of operations. •• It is, related of '-lihn \u25a0
tl.at he has steadfastly refused to permit
any of the large credit rating institutions,
Biadstreet's and the like to examine his
'business affairs with the view, to giving
him a comnitrcial standing. His refusals
are sa.d to have been based on.thf dec- j
laraticn: "J do all my business on the
cish basis and do not raqu.re a credit
rating."
The <i {:<*r:( tioiiM of the bounty avrind-'
It-r* i.j > lav nan Immensely, profitable
:to them. I'iMler the lan v bounty of
$1 'tli a bead for coyote Mcalp» nan al
lowed, while mountain lion, bear or
tvolf pelts were puiil for at the. ; T&te of
$5 eacb. It \va* ito uucuninnu uccur
reuce lor members of 'the rhuc to cash
wurra-.An at tUe bank« ut tfce rate of
f>lHO v day tor months at a time. ' V
\u25a0 t Luieh of the fraud in thik .'s.tate was
practiced last winter. It< was'-tnrdugh
ijreed of th« ga.ng that the flrat. susr
picions of the authorities were aroused.,
investigation disclosed the almost In-,
credible number of wild animal r pelts
that were being: offered for redemption,
in county warrants. Despite the fact
that the gang- worked under . nuiny
aliases, they could not fail everita'ally
to create comment by the number* of.
skins they were handling. Thus
the exposure, which has been so closely
followed by the developments of the
past few weeks and the implicating of
the prominent New York furrier. . : -
The question at point concerning-
Wagner is Just how far his alleged
dealings with Rumsby and his con
federates can be proved for purposes of
criminal prosecution. The charge is
that he shipped wild animal 1 skins in
large quantities from New York to
Western points as designated by his
correspondents and that he was. well
paid for the pelts. The Salt Lake of
ncials are very reticent concerning the
contents of the letters. They fear to
disclose details, as publicity might af
fect further proceedings in the work,
of attempting to hold Wagner account
able. • — - •;\u25a0* .
Of the members of the Utah gang
that have been brought to cover three
have pleaded guilty and are serving
sentences. Outside of this trio are
three County Clerks, charged, with hav
ing had a hand in the fraudulent claims.
It was the practice of the swindlers -to
select a pliable official and bargain
with him on a cold-blooded graft basis
to share in the stealings of the scheme.
The ramifications of the jobbery were
stupendous. With New York as a cen
ter they covered so much territory that
many months must elapse before all Of
the swindling shall have. been brought
to light. Rumsby and Riggle are lit
tle known in Utah. The former is said
to have traveled extensively in Europe
on some ot the proceeds of his opera
tions. Both men "claim to be without
money. Rumsby's wife and child are
with her mother in San Francisco.
war he made a great deal of money
buying livestock in the West for the
British army. 1 knew little about my
son-in-law, Rumsby. He had been
with my husband at times.
"Occasionally I corresponded with Mr.
Higgle and he sent me money. But more
often I would send money to him. In this
way things have dragged on until the
newspapers brought me intelligence of
the arrests. I could not understand what
it all meant. One day this month I went
down to the Union Trust Company where
I had a small deposit, $65, 1 think, and
found an attachment on it. Then came
my daughter. Mrs. Rumsby, to me with
her child. She is ill now in this house
with pneumonia. She wa§. as much at a
less aa I was for explanations.
SZIiISA'T FOR MONTHS.
"For months I had heard nothing from
my husband. He had not written nr>r
sent word of any kind to me. One day
whiie the papers were full of this Utah
affair, in which my name was Wrong
fully connected, officers came to me from
Utah. They brought with them a letter
from my son-in-law in which hs directed
me to turn over to them all of the letters
I had belonging to him. 1 was given to
understand, though no one promised me
anything, that if 1 should surrender the
letters my husband and my daughter's
husband might be helped to light punish
ment. _.
"Though I had been separated from him
for years and our lives had drifted apart,
I could not forget that he was the father
of my children. I did not hesitate. I
went to the safe deposit, got the letters
and handed them over to my husband's
lawyer, Mr. Booth, and tha Utah officer.
I have-not heard a. word for ten days
from Salt Lake and I am afraid some
thing has gone wrong. - :
"The letters I gave were all labeled:
'Wagner to Rumsby.' I did not read any
of them. They came into my possession
some time ago. I don't remember just
when Rumsby sent them^to me with
some other effects and asked^-me to take
care of them. I had them with me for
a long time, but there were two flres
near my home, and I decided to put them
in the safe deposit for security against
loss. I- took more care of them than 1
would ordinarily because they did not
belong to me, . ,-'.\u25a0,-. • \u25a0 : '• &
"So far as having any knowledge ,of
my husband's actions or of j the -trouble
he is in I am hopelessly ignorant. It Is
all hearsay with me. I was told that, the
Utah people expected to find 515,000 in the
safe deposit. I never had such an amount
of money. I was never- In Utah in my
life and ; have not had the Slightest con
nection with anything that \u25a0 may have
gone wrong there., > . - £•
WOULD HELP HUSDAXD. » «V
"My only purpose in giving 1 > up the
letters was to try to help my husband!
Even if we- ary apart 1 could : hot bear
to think of him in x a prison cell, and I
believe this move will help. him.", - -
When the Jispatch^ from* Salt : , - Lake
concerning tl*«» letters was 'shown yes
terday to Attorney Charles Pence' he
said : •
"There Is nothing that 1 can .add to
the telegram from Salt Lake. It covers
the- situation. Any- further steps that
may be taken in the matter of prosecu
tion of this man "Wagner will 'be made
in the East. 1 b&v« been Informed
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0,• •.•\u25a0-..\u25a0 ; \u25a0 \u25a0 . . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0 . •.-,.*.
THE, SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, ' WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18," -1905. n
ADVERTISING METHODS
THEME OF CONVENTION
Delegates gathered at the Waldorf- As toria'in. New York' yesterday fqrv-tfie second annual
convention of the International^Advertising Association,^ Speeches were made by men prominent
in the organization, in which something of the history and methods of advertising was set forth.
One speaker stated that* the virtues of a brand of ham were; proclaimed on the walls of Pompeii.
Association Holds Its
Second Annual
\u25a0 \u25a0-"\u25a0--\u25a0 • / ' - •
Session.
Delegates Meet in the
Waldorf Astoria
in New York,
Speakers Describe the.
Growth of Art of
Publicity. v j
Sp«clal Dispatch* to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17. — The Second
annual convention of the International
Advertising Association met In the As
tor Gallery of the Waldorf-Astoria
Hbtel this morning. The meeting was
called 1 " to ordef >by the president,
Charles Arthur Carlisle, of the Stude
baker Manufacturing Company. South
Bend f ;ind.-.. , \u25a0 -
-The morning, session was devoted to
routine-business, such as 'hearing- the
annual report of officers and commit
tees. /, The following directors were
elected' fbr -the ensuing year: A.* sIX
.White; of Swift & Co.; J. M. Campbell
of Proctor \u25a0& Gamble: H. GassbrooK of
.the 'Glldden Varnish Company; J. Lee
Mahln of the- Mahin Advertising Com
pany;,; Louis Wiley of the New York
Times;",* Lou is X. ; Lizzette of the United
Drug. Company; Robert P. Halgood of
the Bradford Star;.iienjamln B. Hamp
ton,"::bf the Hampton Advertising Com
pany;' E. J. Bliss of the Regal Shoe
Company, and J. L. Cassidy of Egg-O
see'Company. .' ' • : .
At the afternoon session addresses
were made by O. K. Blackman, repre
senting ithe Frank Presbrey Advertis
ing Company of New York; Benjamin
B. Hampton, president of the Hampton
Advertising Company, Now York, and
John L«f Mahln, president of, the... Ma
hin- Advertising Company of Chicago.
Blackman,," in his address on "Who
Creates Advertising," said that adver
tising in the "first instance Is created
by the great public itself In its de
mand, for new luxuries and more ad
vanced: methods of living.- He con
tinued:; ' L -
To show. that neither the publishers nor th«
advertising agents are necessarily vital to the
creation of advertising one has only, to look
.back to the .dawn of the advertising: ? Idea.
On -the wal.i of Pompeii an Inscription was
uncovered recently which, when translated,
read as follows; "Once one of my hams la
set before a customer he licks even the sauce
pan In which it is cooked."" . '- -'
That is not very bad advertising: and I' think
it would challenge the admiration or almost
any graduate to-day. Even political advertis
ing was known at the same early period as it
isron record that- sixteen hundred : posters de
voted to election purposes were also found In
the recent /earch of "the ruins of; Pompeii.
These postern were exceedingly brief," being in
effect' as follows: "Make Publius- Furlus
Senator. I beg of you, for he's a good -man."
Coming down a little later to -.the com
mencement of newspaper publicity, we find in
the Pubilc Advertiser of Tuesday.' June 22,
1667, the following -notice: "In Bishopsgate
street, in Queen's Head 'alley, at a French
man's house, is an excellent West India drink
called chocolate, to b« sold, where- you may
have it ready at any ttme at re&sonabla
rates." • \u25a0 \u25a0 '
In these modern times is It not fair to' Bay
that the consuming public, with Us readiness
to try some new thing, is primarily the creatot
of advertising? May we not say the manu
facturer who meets this need with a new pro
duction or an improvement on an old method
is next In line to receive credit, for the reason
that he makes advertising commercially poe> I
slble. • \u25a0 =
Then comes the publisher of newspapers or
periodicals, together with the owners of bill
board and car ppace, for they • provide the
channel through which the manufacturer matter
known* his offering to the waiting public.
Finally the advertising agent Is certainly en
titled to credit.
Hampton's subject was, "Who Are
the Patrons of the Advertisers?"" He
said that it would seem that the ques
tion can be answered almost Instantly
by saying "Everybody." He added: .
More ilkely that Is the literal truth for those
classes, or types, that are not moved directly :
by advertising undoubtedly are Indirectly in
fluenced by those whom advertising has af
fected. The resultß achieved by some of th«
mall order advertisers whose products appeal
to the humblest wage earners, and by the pat
ent medicine advertisers, whose wares are man
ufactured primarily for those who cannot af
ford a physician's services, ; suggest that, the.
limit in the ecale of Incomes has been reached
on that end,, while the. : experience of th<» mak
ers of high priced motor-cars is a
illustration that millionaires on the cth<\ end
of the scale are influenced by advertising.
"Who ' Pays for the Advertising?"
was the subject of Mahin's address,
and he replied:
The people who buy advertised articles ' pay
for the advertising. You who sell space did
not expect me to make the admission. . The
people pay for the advertising just as the pur
chasers of a "-cent postage stamp pays for
the fast mall train. Th<? department store is
born and fed on advertising. • :
GRIEF OVER MOTHER'S DEATH
DRIVES A YOUTH TO SUICIDE'
School Boy :of Sixteen Enda His Life
T< , ; With a Done of Stryeh- '£'.
\u25a0 ' nine. .\u25a0\u25a0 ' " :' \u25a0
GILROY. Oct. 17.— Grief over the
dea,th of his mother, which occurred
about .one month ago. caused Charles
Albertlnl, a youth. 16 years of. age, to
take a dose of strychnine last evening.
The boy seemed in his usual spirits
when- he retired at 6 o'clock. Two
hours later his roommate found «• him
cold in death. He had taken' strych
nine. Albertlni attended the Sllroy
Grammar School and wai a close stu
dent. The. death of his mother, made
him despondent. \.-i •
that the letters procured from Mrs.
Rlggle are much more incriminating
than "Rlggle 'and 'Rumsby Indicated In
their statements to the Utah authori
ties. I. have bfen given to understand
that tho Utah Commercial and Savings
Bank, as well as the authorities at Salt
Lake, will press : the actions against
Wagner. --The bounty frauds have been
of a flagrant dud widespread \u25a0 charac
ter." They' have; covered Tmany ' States
iii the West. ana«. -great many thou
3and dollars have been stolen. ' ; : r
"My connection with this case was
on behalf of the! bank; and \u25a0; in : tho '$ ca
pacity of attorney for: that' institution
I brought the original attachment suit
against Mrs. Rißgle. * That ; itttachmerit
suit, as- the- dispatch was
dismissed -in this, city \very. soon >. after
Mrs. •\u25a0 Rigsle; turned V over . the < Wagner
lett«rs. -?-. I ; ruade ni» promises to ; her on
behalf of the bank.'- V .'. :.' ' -
SACRAMENTO," Oct. 17.— George Barlow thl*
afternoon pleaded guilty $to having robbed a
room at ; 1115 Third street * Judge j Hart sent
him to < the Folsom penitentiary \u25a0-: for \u25a0 two and
one-ha.lf years.. ;;•-.•:. . ;
To Curit B Cold In flnc Dit
Take LAXATIVE BROMO .; Quinine ; Tablets.
Druggists refund money •: if .'. It * falls -to i cur*.
E. w. GROVE'S slfDfttvrtt la on each box. 23c.*
PROMINENT MKN.WHO TOOK PART IN THE -PROCEEDINGS OF THE IN
TERNATIONAL, ADVERTISING ASSOCIATION WHICH -MET IN NEAV YORK
YESTERDAY FOR JTS SECOND ANNUAL. CONVENTION.
PREHISTORIC
BONES FOUND
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Oct. 17.— From a depth of sixty
feet below the. surf ace In a deposit of
gravel and on a level with the prehistoric
tracks now uncovered in the prison yard
near Carson a quantity of bones, thought
to be those of a prehistoric race of people,'
were brought to j the jg surface on the
Blackwell farm, : one mile from Carson,
to-day. The remains were brought to tho
surface Iby well-boring machinery, and
scientists around Carson who have ex
amined the find state ' that they bellev*
exploration will show that the place it
the location of- a prehistoric buryinfi
ground.
Several years ago the convicts at. tha
State prison, while quarrying rock;
brought to light the complete remains
of mastodons, which are now on exhibi
tion at the Smithsonian Institution. In ad.
ditlon tracks of a giant * race of people
measuring two and | three feet in length
were found and are still preserved. Th*
tracks are on a level .with the Blackwell
find and are headed directly toward that
place. 'The Blackwell find Is to be thor
oughly investigated. 7
TERROR 0E ARIZONA
IS HELPLESS OLD MAN
"Black vTack o'Hara"; Jailed
as Common Drunk in
San Bernardino.
SAN BERNARDINO, . Oct. 17.— "BlacV
Jack" O'Hara, once the -terror of Ari^
zona, now an old man rendered harmless ,
by consumption, was arrested? this after
noon drunk. He was hugging a .•' tomb
stone in a local marble :; yard. Nobody
knows "Black Jack's': .true ;name.:'.Hi
says that it is not : O'Hara. One of hlq
exploits was the killing of two men ) al
Camp Verde, who : refused ; to 'throw .up
their I hands 'at his; command. '"Black
Jack" eluded; posse after posse for years,
but : finally " was 1 caught and confined in
the YUma' penitentiary for . a term of
years."*/ '\u25a0.'. v
PARTICIPANT IN SHOOTING
SCRAPE SHOT IN THE CHIN
Police Locafte Second Duelist ; and Find
That He h Not Serlounly '"
\u25a0 "'."\u25a0. ' -'. '.•\u25a0-> -'AVonaded* '\u25a0' ! ' • .''
SAN JOSE, Oct. lT^ln"' the: shooting
scrape last night over Kittle Madden, a
woman \u25a0 ,of % the tenderloin, i at : Domi«
nick's Saloon, 'corner of St.'" John' and
Market streets. \u25a0 both "^ Robert 'ri&ej ! la
Torre , and Al Barrlwefe 'wounded. Da
la .Torre,*; who "was;- arrested r last v night,"
received a'sllght "wound, inlthe; leg,' and
,lt; was believed that Barr" had not ; been
wounded.;} This morning Hhe" police ; lo
cated Barr at .the, CAlameda,:; Palace.
They were obliged' to ibreak in ; a "door
to arrest him. . i. He ; has ; a <bullet\wound
In the chin and, the bullet ;has not yet
been extraoted/ The'; wound is not seri
ous.";;. ;/ ; ..'' v ; ..'\u25a0". U\ : .. .-;:>:ji;-::v. \u25a0':\u25a0\u25a0.-'\u25a0'' *\u0084\u25a0„.- : .
;\u25a0\u25a0 There- had been • bad . blood, between
the two men for some time, and when
they.met in the saloon; laat night th«
quarrel' was renewed \u0084 . ..
FIFTY CO-EDS
JOIN IN RUSH
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Oct. # 17.— About fifty co-eds from
the lower classes of the State University
engaged in a fierce 'rush on the campus
to-day.'. 'The trouble was. caused by .the
display by the freshman \co-eds of a yel
low cat gorgeously bedecked with stream
ers of black ribbon, the. combination
forming the colors of- the sophomore
class, black and .gold. The sophomore
lassies ; objected to . this, . display, - ,and
rushed in a body," with the object of gain-
Ing possession of the black ribbon, the
cat or both. ; The freshmen , scurried
across, the campus, dragging the , unfor
tunate . feline after them. They were
finally overtaken by. the sophomores and
a bloody fight ensued in which several
members of both classes were scratched
up and otherwise injured. Another scuffle
occurred near the steps of the dormitory.
The faculty finally interfered. '
COMMITTED TO THE ASYLUM
OF WHICH HE WAS OXCE HEAD
Prominent Physician of Uklah Is Ad
' Judged Innaiip and Sent to
\u25a0;,"..: : ,-'; Siate Hospital. ,^^e
UKIAH, Oct. 1 7.— Dr. ,W. N. Moore,
fine of the most prominent physicians
n Mendoclno County, was committed
to the Ukiah State Hospital to-day. He
bas been in '111-health for. several
months. He. became very .violent . last
night..* He 'has -been County P.hyslcian
elnce January 1. : .Moore was; once
elected medical superintendent of the
Uklah | State Hospital for. the Insane,
but, lost .the position in the legal con
test that followed his appointment. -
POPULAR GILROY COUPLE . : •:.-\u25a0 ;, ;
. MARRIED IN THIS CITY
Ulhs Ethel M. Cameron Become* the
Bride of \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Hornet C.
»» f * . '. .Gilmer.; t-',Vjt -',Vj
GILROY, Oct. 17.— The marriage, of
Miss iEthel •* M."*;; Cameron," the popular
telephone operator, and- Hamet C. " Gil
mer 4 took, place in San -Francisco last
Bunday. ; .,The; couple were attended by
Miss j Florence Graef and %W. F. Blalca
of Gllroy. 'The -wedding was i a \vtry
quiet affair,'- only • a few x Intimate
friends? being presentt. Rev. Mr. Du?
gan of the Presbyterian . churca ofll
ciated. .[.\u25a0".• "'^.-"- . "• • ' '.::\u25a0'
.. , -\u25a0--." \u25a0'•'.; — . » . -
Bnt a FetT Days Remain 'to .Send for
. -1 / Yont EiiMtlrn Frlendn.
\u25a0 '. The : low ' rate colonist . tickets , for . passage
from ! Eastern I points . to California will \u25a0 be. sod
only. :'up * to and : Including ', October SI; i -Depoalt
th« •- cost of • the • ticket with ' any Southern Pa
cific agent and 'the ticket will be furnished 'he
passenger. Jn I the Ea«t. * f3Q from -New York,
|33 • from Chicago, \u25a0 $25 - from . Oman*. ; Similar
low.- rates from /other, points.. Particulars of
Southern ; Pacific f agent: . :"-'." \u25a0•;: -, r»
CisfORIA
For .-Infants and-ChildrexL >
The Kind You Have Alw^s Bought
Bears the ~-/^;^:^fj mm 7 r 'T~L
Signature of J*£o£c&/li
VALLEJO HOLDS
THE WHIP HAND
Navy Yard Town Causes Com
plications in Proposition to
Bond . County of Solano
WANTS SHAEE OF COIN
Controls Majority of Votes
and May Block Scheme if
.Demands Are Not Granted
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' VALCEJO, Oct. 17.— The county seat
tight in Solano County has warmed up,
and from present Indications there will
be no new county seat or bond Issue
unless there is a change in> the senti
ment of the people of the southern end
of the county.
The Supervisors have adopted a resolu
tion announcing their Intention to call
an election for the issuance of bonds to
the txtent of $300,000 to construct a new
courthouse, Jail and county hospital. The
people of Vallejo favored the project, fbr
It was planned- to give this city the
county hospital. It was thought, asvthe
appropriation for the bonds was liberal,
that at least )?5,000 would be allowed for
the hospital to be built in this city, but
when it was learned that only $10,000 was
to be given this city, the people here
became aroused and stated that they had
to be treated better or there would bo
na bonds. "As Vallejo boasts of over half
of the votes in the county, it looks dub
ious for tht bonds.
The Board of Supervisors has accepted
the invitation of the Sulsun Board of
Trade ' to visit at the expense of that
commercial body the new courthouses at
Redwood City. Auburn and Martinez, and
has set the 26th lnst. as the day for
starting on the Junket.
"Without the consent of Vallejo the
bonds can never be issued and . Vallejo
has simply folded Its arms and said to
the Supervisors, "It Is up to you!"
STUDENTS CAPTUBE
BOLD HIGHWAYMAN
Fell Him to Ground as He
Walks Away With
Their Coin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Oct. 17.-Hugh Sparks
and James Ward, two students of Pa
cific University, were held up. relieved of
their summer's savings and It turn were
able to capture their assailant and re
cover their money at Echo, Oregon, yes
terday. Both of the boys had been selling
books during their summer vacation and
had just collected $50 and were returning
to Echo when a masked man commanded
them to deliver their coin to him. The
boys obeyed, but as the robber turned
to leave. Sparks struck him over the head
with a whip , felling -him to the ground.
The man was bound with a halter rope
and taken to Echo, where he was de
livered to the authorities. It is believed
that the would-be robber, who refuses
to divulge his name, is a well known
criminal. ,/,^vi;;^
"MANIIaA," Oct. 17.— The reorganisation \u25a0 bill
now before the Philippine Commission providing
for reducing the departments of the Govern
ment will save $1,250,000 (gold) annually.
vj -Auction 10
!»§5 i)^<^ H 13 rl &kg»k g» &£ t&H
fcg One-Fifth Cash feg
Si Balance 1, 2, 3 and 4 Years yf
iJ Lots Face on sth j£j
W and 6th Avenues, W
I aivd J Streets J^
>\u25a0- Between the Affiliated Colleges and
Sn^fe All Qtf*oof WnrV TVtno #^V
I I . . OUccl iJwIA WuQ 111
(ft EVERY LOT WILL
s?f POSITIVELY BE SOLD 5^5
feM TOMORROW— W
ttj TIWRWAY— AT OUR {Aj
OT . OFFICE, AT NOON [^
i Are You Ready? £j
IK ;..;\u25a0.- T HE WESTERN ADDITION is 0J
ffsC *". built right up to this superb S(V
W4 : >.} ; -..•';.: block. It is the next land to double LVi
Ijl ' - : in value. You have seen the land this f\*X
feW \u25a0:.> - side of it change from 'sand hill lots I>M
r\j s .';\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 into property worth from $3000 to fT)
W» ,\u25a0•.'.;;\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0 $4000 a lot. This will do the same {&}
3JA ' "-1 \u25a0 in the next year or two. Do you JLj
ffS \u25a0 • '".-'\u25a0 want the increase? Remember, "the 5|5?
\AI views are grand. Park only one block Ad
|TJ\ distant. Two lines of electric cars. Yy\
i LYON ®> fi
iS'HAAT • • 116 "MONTGOMERY
m HUAiji : : street |s
PICKING PLACE
FOR THE BRIDGE
Southern Pacific Has Force
of Surveyors at Work on
Shores of Carquinez Straits
TJttES TO BIT LANDS
Belief Is Felt That Railroad
Is Planning Immediate
Building of the Structure
£;e c«ai Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, Oct. 17.— The attempt of the-
Southern Pacific Company to purchase
forty acres of tule land adjoining Beniciu,
on the east and the presence of surveyors
In the employ of the company around
that town have aroused a great deal of
Interest among the citizens not only of
Benicia, but of all of the surrounding bay
towns. It is believed the railroad com
peny la planning to construct the much,
discussed pier bridge across the Car
quinez straits. Lines of survey have been
run at two places through Benlcla. but
the one which seems to be fa
vored and with which the surveyors are
taking the most trouble is that passing
through the hills west of Benicia and
over the grounds of the Dominican fath
ers. This line would provide for a bridge
about two miles. In length which would
reach a grade on the outskirts of Benicia
and passing over Port Costa would find
its western end at Crockett.
NAME OF AXAKCHIST
HUKTS HIS FEELINGS
Wealthy Swede Seeks Divorce
Because Wife Called Him
Bomb-Thrower.
E] e>:lal Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Oct. 17. — Because of th«
injuries done his feelings by his wife
circulating the story that he is a so
cialist, an anarchist and bent on the
destruction of the republic, Halvor
Clauson. a wealthy Swede, brought
suit in the Superior Court this morn-
Ing to obtain a divorce, from Slgrid
H. Clauson. In August the wife
asked for a divorce, charging her hus
band with being an anarchist and a
socialist. Judge Gilliam, after hear
ing the evidence, denied the applica
tion for r divorce and ordered each of
the parties to pay their own costs la
the litigation. This morning the hus
band started a new suit, asking that a
divorce be given him because of the
cruel treatment that his wife had sub
jected him to by bringing him into
public disrepute.
second Attempt to exd
his l.ife is successful
Poison Does for Remi IVyrnnnet What
Cartridge Exploded in 3louth
Failed 'to Do.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17. — Remi Peyronnet.
-who some montfcs ago. while In Gllroy,
attempted suicide by exploding a cart
ridge in his mouth, to-day ended his
life by swallowing poison at \"<& fre
vost street in this city, where he had
been staying. He- leaves a widow. He
had, been employed here recently la a
baker shop.JOHN S. PARTRIDGE NOW HAS THE COWARDLY GANGSTERS ON A WILD RUN FOR COVER
RUEFSVERY FOOLISH EFFORT AT ALHAMBRA SHOWS WEAKNESS OF THE SCHMITZ CROWD
The most significant demonstration of the campaign for common honesty iii affairs of municipal government took place at Teut^^^^
labor south of ffirket street, John S. Partridge addressed a vast audience of workingmen and won the applause of the multitude by his fearless and masterly denunciation of graftand -grafters. Other fusion
meetings were held in that region of the city last night and great enthusiasm was manifested for the cause of clean administration. ; f ;: --?-\u25a0 \u25a0\ :v: v '\u25a0• , ..',. ' . . , .
FUSION'S CANDIDATE
MAKES MANLY SPEECH
Declares Himself Satisfied the
People Are Honest.
Announces His Freedom From
Entangling Alliances.
"We're cot the grafters on the run," <
declared John S. Partridge to the over
flow iiiK meeting of the citizens of the \u25a0
Thirtieth District last night at Teu- j
tonla Hall, and Uhe cheers- of the crowd j
folly attested Its belief that the fusion j
candidate spoke the truth. '
"I've vowed to inahp them come out
In the open and tiiiU: my flght, and i
I've done it," continued San Francisco's |
next Major, "For over four hours j
Abraham Ruef, the petty owner and '
controller of Mayor Schmitz, defended j
himself against the charges of graft :
and corruption in the great case of (be J
city of >au Francisco vs. Abraham j
Huef, and (the morning after the meet- j
lnjr he awoke the most disappointed j
man of San Francisco, with the real- i
ixatlon that he had made a mis-step
and as sure as there Is a God above ,
he will be defeated on November 7. !
"I have addressed three crowded meet
ings to-night, all In the radius of twelve
blocks. , Every meeting has been jammed
to the doors, and with Ruef in the lime
light weakly denying his culpability, I
j tell you we will win, and we will carry
this city by 13,000 majority on the day of
election." The Immense audience of the
largest political meeting ever held In the
hall rose to its feet and cheered, howled
and yelled as the figures predicting the
immensity of Ruef and Schmitz's defeat
came from the lips of the candidates.
Men threw hats in the air, and the cheers
on the floor and in the galleries swelled
louder and louder until even the band
was submerged in the volume of noise.
The true significance of the outburst
may well be comprehended when It is
known that the men in the hall are the
bone and elnew of the Thirtieth District
upon which Rutf was counting to roll up
a great vote for Schmitz. Fifteen hun
dred voters, over one-fifth of the district
polling strength, were present in the hall,
and cheered the Fusion speakers from
start to finish. The fight in the district
will still be a hot one and fiercely fought,
but from the meeting last night, the pre
dictions of the Fusion candidate will be
' upheld by the Thirtieth District.
• The immense gathering was called to
order by Thomas W. Hickey, the idol of
the Thirtieth. Hickey gave the reasons
for the joining of all honest citizens in
the flght against the grafters, and with
his own people to hear was received with
enthusiasm and accorded an ovation. In
successive order. Chairman Hickey intro
duced C. A. Sweigert. Dr. A. A. d'An-.
cona and Oscar Hocks, who were warm
ly greeted and their speeches well re
ceived.
A. M. Johnson, the next speaker, spent
fifteen minutes in flaying the administra
tion and telling the oft-repeated tales
that are common talk about the corridors
of the City Hail, regarding the grafts
and methods of graft In vogue. He, like
the other speakers, triumphantly referred
to the woeful defense of Abe Ruef
against, the charges placed against him.
PARTRIDGE IS CHEERED.
Johnson was interrupted by the en
trance at this moment cf John S. Par
tridge. As the candidate ascended the
stair, the deep-toned voice of George El
der announced "Partridge," and the name
was the signal of a pandemonium that
lasted until the Fusion standard bearer
x was seated on the stage.
At the conclusion of Johnson's speech
Henry U. Brandensteln, the plucky can
didate for District Attorney, was pre
sented. In Introducing him, Hickey said
that every grafter, crook and blackleg
was working tooth and nail for the de
feat of Brandenstein for their very lib
erty. Brandensteln said in part:
The fusion ticket it endeavoring to stand for
'^p^k A Good Soft*
Hat, for $ 1.50-
hat you want for everyday
f \ "\u25a0"' and particularly now
\". - **S'J' with winter coming on.
Y^^a^k There is no use subjecting
$ «i?S^lSfe^- a mor^ expensive hat to rain
"V; and dirt ' 'i
'\u25a0-v'i^i :^ Vl ' We have them in several
v-':;^':"^ styles— Telescopes, Fedoras,*
\u25a0:£;>'' Dunlaps, Crushers — -and the
* ; variety of brims, crowns and
colors gives you the chance
to select just what looks < .^^^^^|^
the show windows at both
Mail orders filled — expressage free "V t&iS^Zs-'P'
within 50 miles. \ v-^^^t^X
Two Large Stores W
Cor. Powell and " Ellis and yjS
740 Market Street >J v
the principles of common decency and Integrity
in office. It stands for that, no more and no
less. The ticket itself is compelled to fight on
no other Issue than that of purity and decency
in office and in politics, and also I may add in
the private life of its champions.
When Schmitz first ran for Mayor, who had
heard of Abraham Ruef except as a petty Po
lice Court lawyer and cheap politician? Above
all. whoever knew or heard of Ruef as the de
fender and upholder of la^orT Whoever heard
or him at any time as anything but the self
seeking promoter of his own interests?
And yet he profesee* to be the friend and
guide of labor. He poses as being concerned
for mighty labor's welfare in the event of tho
almost Improbable defeat or John S. Partridge,
and says he is worried and frightened because
of that possibility.
Abraham Ruef doesn't want office. Oh. no!,
What does he want? That you can demon
strate for yourselves by walking any street of
the city. Is there a man in the city who has
planned to do t something in his business that
has need of the consent of a public commission
that has not had to 'pay his little fee to the
grafters? If you know «ie men well enough
they will tell you. They would admit paying
the grafters the money and submitting and re
eubmitting to the tribute.
Any man putting up a building, any great
public corporation, any satoon man needing a
license will tell you the story if he dates.
Ruef boasts proudly of the fact that no new li
censes have been issued by. the Police Commis
sion, but 'he fails to add tnat the licensee of
the ealoonmen are renewed every three months
and -that any tale of tribute by one of them
would result In dosing tne place.
But why discuss Ruef at all? He Is the one
that seeks the notoriety and Indecency that fol
lows political misdoing. Ruef alone rejoices -in
the degrading fight because it. dignifies him and
makes him appear as somebody in the eyes of
the community. When one engages in argu
ment with such cattle one must neceesarily
degrade himself to their level. We must .de
scend to his level to repudiate his lies.
Abraham Ruef at the Alhambra last night
Epewed out He after lie because he hoped that
some of the lies would stick. He attacked me
personally, my private Hie, which, thank God.
is dean and pure, saying I ran a suite of rooms
downtown . and went, as surety on a brothel
keeper's lease.
Ruef lays awake nights trying- to find a
flaw In the character of John S. Partridge, and
the bast be could do. or rather the worst, was
a measly little lie about the candidate's living
in Alameda, where his sister resides and whom
he sometimes visits. Then Gallagher, the ap
pctntee of Ruef-Sphmitz, gets up in the pres
ence of bla colleagues on me Board of Super
visors and denounces the Democratic members
as grafters because they -voted for $1 gas. H<»
knew he lied, and also knew he was acting as
Judas, and that his conduct was miserable,
contemptible and inconsistent. That Is why
we have to meet the creatures on their own
level when they grovel in filth.
RVAX MAKES GOOD TALK.
Daniel A. Ryan, the next speaker, laid
aside his dignity somewhat and urged the
auditors to cast aside partyism as did' he
and Mr. Hickey and not be found want
ing when the cry of decency was heard.
He compared Ruef to a venomous snake
that has wound itself about the head,
heart and hands of the present Mayor.
He pointedly asked his hearers if they
Intended to line up with dlvekeepers,
brothel owners and criminals in the com
ing flght. or with a man whose reputation
is spotless.
Hickey in introducing Partridge, an
nounced that the meeting was the largest
political gathering ever held in the hall
and showed that the men who hurled
epithets from the galleries at the Repub
lican convention did not come from the
Thirtieth district.
Mr. Partridge when introduced spoke
as -.follows:
When I started in on this campaign I said
I was going to make the enemy take my own
kind of a flght. and I have done it. I started
in to drive Mr. Ruef out into the open and
last evening he stood in the light for four
solid hours. He has raaJc the issue I wanted:
the case Is now before ; the court and the title
of It is the People vs. Abe Ruef.
The battle Is *b 'good as won and we'll
carry this city by 15,000 majority. Their own
men who- were claimine a victory for out
enemies a week ago, now adroit reluctantly
that "it Is a hard flght." This has been
brought about simply by the fact that all
false Issues have been swept aside and noth-
; THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL; WEDNESDAY, 'OCTOBER 18/- 1905;
VOTERS SWING
TO PARTRIDGE
Ruef 's Defense of Schmitz
Excites , Profound Alarm
in the Union Labor Party
3XA.YOB HEAKS PROTEST
r . j t . ..
Prospects- for the Election
of Entire Fusion Ticket
Grow Brighter Every Hour
Ruefs meeting at Alhambra Theater
Monday night has had the effect which
the supporters pf Partridge expected and
hoped It would have. The effect Is seri
ous alarm in the ranks . of wage-earners
who have been endeavoring to convince
their fellow-workers that Mayor Schmitz
was not Ruefs chattel . and that ' the
curly boss had no right or privilege to
command the Mayor. ,
Ruef not only defended " the Mayor
against accusation of graft, but Identified
himself with the Mayor's candidacy- In
such fashion that the / dullest listener
could not escape the conclusion that the
partnership of Ruef and his Mayor was
so close. that each stood for the- other
in all things. • .., * i
The Eagans, the Gallaghers and many
others of the iTnion "Labor organization
who do not like a hair in the head . of
Boss Ruef are demandiifg that the Mayor
shall give the , wage-earners,. some defi
nite assurance that Ruef must be kept
in \u25a0 the background from, this- time until
November 7. •' " ' - -. * • : \u25a0 .
Reports come to fusion headquarters
that workingmen who were openly for
Schmitz a few days ago have now re
solved to break away ' on account of
Ruefs mastery of the Mayor. The re
markable letters which Schmitz, shortly,
after his first election, wrote to Rnef
and Parry ; are recalled -''by the cleveV"
politicians in the labor camp. Wage
earners, and particularly -those of . old
time Democratic association, have' all
along distrusted Ruef ... and noted with
Intense disgust that nine-tenths of the
official patronage of the Schmitz admin
istration went to Ruefs chosen followers.
The spectacle of Ruef posing as "the
spokesman of the Mayor and as the
power behind the municipal administra
tion excited anger and resentment in the
Union Labor camp. '
The candidacy of Partridge grows
brighter every day." The popular uprising
which the syndicate writers said would
be required to overthrow Ruef, seems
near at hand. At headquarters of ; the
Fusion forces there is complete confi
dence of victory. Wise politicians, how
ever, caution the candidates to beware
of over-confidence. When one carefully
studies the city registration by Assembly
districts and considers in that investi
gation the vote cast for Mayor in 1903,
and the vote recently polled at the
primary election, the reasons for predict
ing the success of Partridge are obvious.
One of . the most auspicious signs of
victory was the great meeting last night
In the cause of common honesty at Teu
tonia Hall, Thirtieth Assembly District
This district is the stronghold of. labor
south of Market street and. there the
vast audience, of wage earners cheered
John S. Partridge, the" next Mayor of
San Francisco. The demonstration sig
nified to the spectators that Ruefs power
to mislead the workingmen had vanished.
The "deadest . political duck" in Califor
nia to-day is A. Ruef,' but it can be' said
for him that he had the' enterprise to
publicly arrange for his own obsequies.
ing left but the olain fight between the grafters
and the honest men. They tried to make men
believe that there was an Issue between labor
and capital, but that is played out. for th*
people are now satisfied that I am not undei
the domination of the Citizens' Alliance or any
other person or; organization. - > -
So -there's nothing left but graft. It -Is
the old. «old flght between decency and cor
ruption, and the grafters ] know that decency
never lost a battle yet. . That's the reason
they are so desperate; that's the reason thej
are talking «about . a "hard flght." They ar*
in a complete and absolute panic. They havt
lost their heads and are fighting blindly. It
they had any \u25a0 sanity left do > you think their
boss would have .done 'the very \u25a0 thing.' that
we were trying to get him to do, and mak»
himself the issue of the campaign? If they
were not badly frightened jdo you | think I they
would be tearing down our banners and stone
ing our bands? Rjef is no fool. ami he knows
in his own heart tt at he cannot' win. I think
he knew it last *yeur," when the people of thU
. district helped to d;f eat ! certain candidates fot
Superior Judge,- limply- because they wer»
tainted with his . taint. I j believe he realized
It more strongly still when he lost v the pri
maries. And I arr confident that he' lost all
hope when fusion became an accomplished fact.
So now there's nothing left for us to \u25a0\u25a0 do
but keep.it up. Graft uncovered Is graft de
feated. -Did you tvergoout Into the fleki&
and turno ver a s'-one -which had laid in its'
resting place for many years and see the
hundreds of hldeoun creatures skurrying hither
and thither becau:«e they could not bear the
light? It is the same with the unutterable
slimy things of public life. We have let in
the sunlight and they are stricken with con
fusion and dismay. \u0084 ';.-. ..-. . ' . •
CONFLICT A GREAT ONE.
We in San i Francisco are Just now in the
throes of a conflict that has its counterpart
in- many- American cities. .In . 1903 - Lincoln
Steffens described ; Philadelphia ,as the \u25a0 worst
governed city in -America, a city ."corrupt and
contented.". But in 1805 it is no Jonger.. con
tented. ' and much of .the , corruption is gone.'
They are tearing ." £own Mayor ; Weaver' b ban
ners and flooding : the • Quaker. City ; with : lies
about him, but h«'s : going •to • win, and an
other term means the end of the : gang. : ; I
'LetUß show the \ world that not alone a ma
porlty, \u25a0 but a treir endous.' overwhelming < ma
jority of our-- peole are >: in ' favor. . of honest
government. *If; we ' do, \u25a0 . I : believe .? that \u25a0; San
Francisco will enter, upon-, an era' of prosperity
euch as the world has never, seen, i: After Polk
l?ad cleared ; out the , grafters -in \u25a0, Missouri « and
made I the people of. the . world I understand j that
the liw would " be enforced afnd s obeyed In that
State the ' population ' Increased '25 • per . cent
more ' than . for -\u25a0 anj" like period. l - and property
values 15 per. cent. ; y- It Is "childish to urge that
we are prosperous ; already." Of. course we* are,- 1
because we can't help , ourselves. But 7 we are
not so prosperous ; as , we ought tO;be/- Los; A
ngeles and Seattle ; are \u25a0 forging ; ahead ',\u25a0 faster.- In
proportion" that - ; wt- are . because \u25a0 they , have a
decent city government, and for; no ' other rea
son. v We - have '\u25a0 natural ; and \u25a0 economic • advan
tages a thousand '.times- greater^' than', either
of those cities — as great,; indeed, 1 , as; any .» city
in the world.', ; But : we shall never, be : what we
ought to -be \u25a0 as \u25a0 long as • this ; festering k ; sore sis
on -our mundpal body. ',;•; Now 'Is the i time, for a
change, i The' people have > the opportunity they,
have ; clamored \u25a0 tor? so ; long.' . and jI s believe ' in
Continued oa Taffe 4, Column 5,
VINDICATION HIS ISSUE
IN THE CAMPAIGN
Mayof^Schmitz Stands for Administration
. "This campaign has narrowed down to .
a fight for vindication for me ' and f my.}
administration," declared Mayor Schmitz |
at Richmond Hall.VThlrty-ninth District,
last night. "The people of this city must
say on , the seventh jof November whether
or not they approve 'of my conduct m of
fice and the official actions of those whom
I have appointed' to positions. ; I stand
responsible 'for. my administration and it
is on the merits- of it f alone that: I ask
for re-election. The enthusiasm- ex
pressed at' the meetings which ;I • have
attended has convinced me that the plain
people of £ this | city \ approve of my four
years' * work \u25a0 and that I j will be . chosen
for another two years' service."
Mayor Schmitz thus urged his campaign
last night before . the voters of Maestret-_
tl's home district:; The: "Works Commis
sioner did hot appear upon the platform
for some "unknown -reason sand 'he was
made .conspicuous :by ,. his ;;' absence. The
well-filled. hall I : did not once ask forihim
nor" cheer when some one mentioned His
name. ; Nearly every candidate ." on the
Union '\u25a0 Labor party ; ticket addressed this
meeting and was heartily: received. , Rich
ard Cornelius,: president: of the Carmen's
Union, 'presided : and • introduced ,: the
speakers.-' " \u25a0*;*.• , \ r.
AAnyi participation, s indirect or other
wise, in' the .tearing down of the .Part
ridge i banners was denied) by, the * Mayor,"
who laid the ;Work. to the hands 'of small
boys. : ] He \ urged ',( the L fathers r of i families*
to ask their, children to refrain -from f ur- s
ther £ molestation. : Many : .in r the .audience*
'questioned Uhe f likelihood of children's
tearing i do wn v the j Partridge [ banners * and
letting stand those of Schmitz unless they
had i been carefully^ instructed as to r how
the work 'should be? done. - t ' . '
i A large \ crowd , greeted \ Mayor I Schmitz
"at Riggers* , and v Stevedores':^ Hallj . 121
Montgomery' street^ Twenty-eighth % Dis^
trict.%l Richard \ Bello» presided.' A . Although
the Mayor. arrived late most of thelcrowd
waited to hear ' him ; speak. .7 He i d wel fc* at !
length *on > some iof ';\u25a0. the , ' so-called ; , issues
of.;, the? campaign > and \u0084s tatedu f that V the
gratters t were ''on •\u25a0 the ? fusion \ side.'' ' . ; ' \
\u25a0-' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' The i Mayer Jmade^two "short £: speeches
during his campaign Jast ; "night. \u25a0 "He
stopped for. a^ few. minutes' at; the'iTo'uthSg
Directory -Bazaar -and * later Jat the; regu-^'
lar | meeting of i thel Central .-* Non-Partizan
Eugene • E. ; Schmitz t Club I? held kat £ Red
- i - ; - \u25a0\u25a0: -y. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.: \u25a0..•:\u25a0: •'\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 '. . .'\u25a0 •\u25a0:--\u25a0
Men's Hall. ' . \u25a0 . -
The other speakers of last evening were
James, DeSucca, G. B. Benham and
George J/; Berger. .'. \u25a0'1 . - \u25a0 .
' \u25a0'.. - -"• ' \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'-' \u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0'— — '-*- — ;—; — i
AI'rOIXTEES OF SCHMIfZ I
HOLD SECRET CONFERENCE
All the municipal "commissioners,
heads of departments and secretaries of
the-city boards. to the number of "forty
or, more,: who. owe their -appointments
to Mayor Schmitz, assembled in his pri
vate - office - yesterday ' morning \u25a0to dis
cuss the political situation. The Mayor
himself was not there I and the t details
of : ,the proceedings at * the .. conf erence.
were kept secret by. those present un
der a pledge exacted by. the Mayor not
to "divulge what took place.. -, '
\u25a0It is».understood .that the, main 'topic,
of ;•. debate .was "how" 3 best -,to . retain
control^of the.reins "of the municipal
government.- , The -officials-, also; dis
cussed, the \u25a0advisability of 'using . re
taliatory, measures by means of a series
of articles in 'the; matter vof
the attacks made on .the management
of 4 the" {city's; affairs under . the Schmitz
regime/, ...,\u25a0/-\u25a0 \u25a0;*..,.'. .
. Each official gave, his own ideas rela
tive to the political situation in his dis
trict. J , The ."conference/ was . adjourned
until to-day at noon at the same "place,
/when It will be \ decided whether 'to use
dynamite/; or • firecrackers • to / hel*
Schmitz./ ; '\u25a0-',-."\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
McCarthy's' Fate /Sot .', Decided.
-/' Judge Cook heard* the i argument.yes
terday^ on -the question of .the degree of
murder , i in -.the,, case i of Michael^ J.>Mc-^
Carthy;:who'pleaded-suiLtyjlaEt,,Thurs
day./v District • Attorney /Byington\ar
gued ; strongly ,; that , there" was ; no \ mlti
gating -circumstances; and purged :; that
theTt death • penalty I; should -be imposed."
The'jJudgre r :.said ; he, -would '; read/ over
the )' and ., render : , his decision
on i Monday, morning:. j".-.> McCarthy " ; "shb.t
and; fatally wounded /his}, young/wife
OctavlaJin/ai Market-street;
house .because ' he 'she "had«ad
mitted -, X.0% him that she * had been , out
all ;^ nightCwith* another ;man. : , He'f/was
trled;;.but | the Jury disagreed as "to ', the
degree sof Jpunishmenit. - ;'.% .. . . ?
ELECTION BOARD IS BROUGHT
TO TIME BY SUIT OF LEAGUE
Gives Up Attempt to Conceal Records of
'- Registrar and Action Is Dismissed '
To prevent any further legal inquiry
Into the methods . of the Board of Elec
tion Commissioners, James A. Devoto.* a
member thereof, consented ' before Judge
Sloss yesterday to permit Perry H. New
berry yiaa a representative of the Repub
lican League, to inspect the list qf.oQl
cers to serve in the booths at the coming
election.
As such consent was all that Newberry
asked, the suit ; instituted by him for a
jfrit of mandate to compel . the Election
Commissioners to submit for his inspec :
tlon a list of the applicants for such po
sitions was dismissed.
The case .instituted by Newberry was
argued Monday , before Judge Sloss, who
announced : that he would render a de
cision yesterday morning." When the case
was called; however. Judge Sloss said
that he had not completed his opinion,
but would \u25a0' like to * ask "counsel ~ for the
cemmission whether or not the election
officers had been appointed. Section 1131
of - the Political' Code requiring that such
officers i be 'appointed , twenty-five days
prior to election.' Devoto announced that
900, had been ; appointed and . that 300
citations J had been issued "that had \u25a0 not
yet been responded to. Then Devoto an
nounced i that - the members of the " board
were willing -that Mr." Newberry should
Inspect ~ the list ; of ' appointees and . also
that he . be given the right to see the
names of all that responded to '\u25a0 the dta •
tions. '.. ..." - \u25a0\u25a0' *Z_; .-. :
r'-Thls being the case." said Attorney
Dam.t- who\ represents : Newberry. "there
is > no^ reason - for r further s proceeding _ in
this : case.Ki AH' we want ls the right *to
examine ; this . list : to /see whether ; or not
all of the men appointed are legally | qual
ified Ito serve and '\u25a0 tf • Mr. , Devoto assures
mb ;that ;this.*9dll-be done- we have no
further to ask." "
;; Devoto offered such assurance and then
Judge { Sloss ' ordered ~~ the ' case dismissed.
The ? action : filed . by.; Newberry ', to" compel
the * commission'^ to i strike \u25a0 the • names of
463 electors I oft ;"the great register, claim
ing."; that I they... are '\u25a0 not 1 legally : : entitled .to
vote^.t was. 1 next 7 taken*^np..' JDevoto :: de
murred to " the petition j. on . ; the i ground
that the Registrar is hot made a defend
ant. "To the Registrar ls entrusted the
work of registering the electors," said
Devoto, "and in the opinion of the com
mission he should be made the principal
defendant." Devoto further stated 'that
the Election Commission was only , In
directly interested in the suit and that a*
the 463 men whose names It was sought
to' strike from the register were most
directly Interested they should be , made
defendants and a separate cause of ac
tion stated against each one.
W. S. Newberry, \u25a0 representing several
of the respondents, made a motion that
all of tht> 463 be. named -In the pleadings
as defendants, it being evident that it ls
the intention of the Election Commission
to incumber the record to such an extent
that a hearing cannot y. be- had until if ls
too- late. The various . demurrers and
motions were then ordered - submitted for
decision.
ELECTION' COMMISSIONERS MEET.
Decide That High License Proposition
Will He Submitted to the Voters.
The Election Commission .held its
•regular meeting' last night. The sea- \u25a0\u25a0
sion'was relieved of ita ordinary mono
tony by 'a/ lively -denunciation of the
Republican .League » and »it» alleged
method of ~ demonstrating the / use :of
the voting, machines by Commissioners
Lefflngwell and Devoto. '_ ' '
It was charged by the commission
that no Union Labor ticket appeared
on the machines secured by. this league.
Thfs was explained by Perry New
berry. who said the machines exhibited
by the league demon stratora^ were
"shown in the condition they, were re
ceived from the ayent of the company.
The tickets were New York tickets.
The league applied several timesto the
Registrar for .a Union Labor ticket to
place ' > on the / machines. but , its re
quest . received no consideration. . In
the .; course of a few /days .the full
tickets, containing the names of I all
candidates,- will be exhibited ; on jthe
Co a tinned on Pa jre 4* ' Colpuaa &
34
POWERLESS
TO CONTROL
BLACK HAND
Xew York Police Admit In
ability to Check the Five
Thousand Murderous Cam
orristi Terrorizing the City
GOVERNMENT 3IUST
TAKE SOME ACTION
Army of Italian Bandits
Has Superb Organization
and Is Under Leadership
of Twelve Head Men
Special DScpatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— Unless more ef
fective measures are taken, it is admitted
by the police that they are powerless to
defeat the army of 5000 Camorristi who
infest Now York. Their demands are in
creasing at an alarming rate.
The grocery store of Giambalvo Bros.
at 13 Stanton street, next door to the
butcher shop where the victim of the
"barrel murder" of three years ago was
killed, was wrecked to-day. A short time
ago seventeen letters received by prospec
tive victims, in whicM money was de
manded under penalty of death or the
destruction of property, were turned over
to the police. So systematized has the
campaign of brigandage become, accord
ing to Sergeant Petroslno, that members
of the band are employes In many of
the little Italian banks scattered through
the East Side to watch the deposits of
small merchants. There, it Is believed,
the victims are chosen.
"Only the national Government can save
this situation for us." declared Sergeant
Petroslno to-day. "As the law stands
at present we are helpless against these
desperadoes. They know the penal code
from end to end. How clever they are
In covering their tracks was shown by
the manner in which all of them managed
to escape conviction in the "barrel mur
der" case. Suspicion and circumstantial
evidence are not enough In this country
to do more than make them cautious.
But of my own knowledge I could lay
my hands In a day on a thousand of them
who are ready to cut a throat or fclow
up a building- at any time that it wll»
serve their ends.
"It is the duty of the Government to
keep these blackmailers and murderers
out of New York, either by a treaty with
Italy which will permit of a complete
Investigation of the character and antece«
dents of all immigrants, or by barring
out, if necessary, all Sicilians and Cala
brlans, from whom the Caraorra in this
country are recruited. There are not
less than 30.000 members of the Cumorra
in this country, working under twelve
leaders stationed in the principal cities."
In extent of damage to property the
latest outrage by the Camorra is the
worst that has been perpetrated. The
entire front of Giambalvo Bros." store is
blown in. and all windows in the adjoin
ing houses and buildings across the street
were broken. Had the explosion occurred
during the day or evening it could hardly
have failed to kill or malm many per
sons. Three arrests were made, but two
of the men were released when It was
learned that they had been employed to
guard the place of a banker who had
been threatened, while the third is still
in custody on suspicion.
I^. t
ItDMAIIIM: DISTIRBAXCR
CASTS FISH -UPO.V SHORE
HOUSTON, Tex.. Oct. 17. — Advices
from the Gulf Coast Indicate that the
beach for 100 miles is strewn with dead
fish which have been cast up by the
waves the last two days. It is be
lieved that they were washed in from
far out at sea and that their death
was due to some submarine disturb
ance which may have caused the huge
wave which swept over the % steamer
Campania last week, dealing death to a
number of passengers.
The beach at Matagaorda is especial
ly thickly strewn with the bod!? 3.
They lie abou.t in countless thousands
and are proving very offensive to the
residents within miles of the coast.
Miners Aid Boy Strikers.
HAZLETON*. Pa.. Oct. 17.— The strike
of the driver boys at the Jeddo colliers
of G. B. Markle & Co., which occurred
a few days ago, has resulted in the
btrike of SOOO employes of the Markle
Company. The boys quLt work be
cause they claimed their wages were
under the standard. The company de
clined to consider the grievances and
the miners decided to suspend work
to-day out of eympathy.
LAUNCH LOBELEIJ— Tfce Smith Oyrter
Company filed a libel In the United Slates Dis
trict Court yesterday egalnst the American
launch Sybil to recover $133 for materials fur-
jxo. j. FULToy ca
BROTHERHOOD
R. R JRAINMEN
Kow or Never Lodge, >r o . 517.
Brooklyn. N. V.. Aug. 11, 1905
J. J. FULTON CO.. San Francisco—
Dear Sirs: I feel It my duty to write
you of your wonderful Renal Cora-
pound for Brighfs Disease. It is the
most wonderful thing I ever knew of.
1 had Brigrhfs Disease in a most criti-
cal way, and two doctors gave me up
as a goner. So my wife called a third.
He «aid the only hope I had was in
your medicine. It was gotten tor me
at once at 200 Broadway, N. T. In sev-
en days the dropsy left me and my eyes
got «o I could sec quite plain, and I
have been on the improve ever since I
am on the eighth bottle and am able to
walk around and feel so much like my-
self that I expect to go to work next
Monday. lam a steam R. R. conductor,
no you see I must feel pretty good to
be able to handle a train. I ahalt con-
tinue with the Renal Compound till I
am sure it has made my wonderful
cure permanent. Trusting that all will
do as well as I have. Yours, \
F. BLISS,
14 Stewart street, Brooklyn. N. Y.
Note that after two , doctors had
failed with the orthodox treatment a
broad physician prescribed the only
thing known that controls Brighfs
Disease and saved the patient's life.
Send for booklet on the curability of
Brighfs Disease to John J. Fulton Co.,
409 Washington street, San Francisco.
When to suspect Brighfs Disease —
weakness or loss of weight;, puffy
ankles, hands or eyelids; dropsy; kid-
ney trouble after the third month;
urine may show sediment; failing vi-
sion: drowsiness; one or more of these.
FRESNO POLICE ARREST
OWL WRECK SUSPECT
Holding Supposed ; ' Simpleton Who Has
Talked About Robbing Train.
• ENGINEER OF THE OWL TRAIN WRECKED AT FKESNO. WHO MET HIS
DEATH BECAUSE HE RKFI'SED TO LEAVE THE THROTTLE OF LOCOMO
TIVE IN TIME OF DANGER. - .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Oct. 17. — This -afternoon |
Chief "of Police White and Deputy!
Sheriff Walter IMckett accomplished the j
arrest of a man whom they suspect of |
having been implicated in the wreck- j
ing of the Owl train yesterday morn- I
ing. The prisoner, who has been placed j
in solitary confinement, is A. Vandever, j
a ne'er-do-well about town, who is con- •
sidered l>y his acquaintances to be of j
unsound mind. To-morrow morning :
. andever will be closely questioned by j
the officers. Chief of Police White J
made the following statement to-day: .
'I am convinced that Vandever !
knows somethings about this wreck, j
The man has been giving us so many ,
tips on the fact that the Owl was go- ;
ing to be wrecked and robbed that we j
began to think he was a bit unbal- .
anced on this subject, I would not be]
surprised if the man confessed he had J
sprung the switch. '
BAKERSI- lELd, Oct. 17. — The body.j
of Walter Cole, the Southern Pacific en- j
gineer, who lost his life in the wreck j
of the Owl at Fresno yesterday morn- j
ing, arrived in Kern City this even- I
ing at 6 o'clock and was conveyed to I
the family residence on M street, where I
funeral services will be held to-mor- (
row afternoon. The various railway or- j
ganizations, as well as the Knights of j
Pythias, of which order Cole was at
prominent member, are assisting in ar- \u25a0
ranging the details of the funeral. A
committeee of Knights met the body at j
the train this evening. After the fu- j
neral services at Kern City the body
wlll.be forwarded to Los Angeles for!
interment. I
THIRTY-FOUR HURT IV WRECK. I
Accident on Chejenne and Northern I
Road In Wj ouilur. ;
CHEYENNE. Wyo.. Oct. 17. — Thirty
four persons were injured, three per- '
haps fatally, in an accident to the.
northbound passenger ttain on the
Cheyenne and Northern Railroad, a
Colorado and Southern branch line, at j
10:30 a. m. to-day near Horse Creek,
thirty-five miles north of Cheyenne.
The train was rounding a curve, when
the smoker and day coach left the. rails ;
and rolled down the embankment, a i
distance of about twenty feet. The j
locomotive and baggage car had passed j
over the weak spots in the track in j
safety.
Many of the passengers were "pinned !
under seats and in the wreckage and^
their -cries were pitiful. . • ..j
The more seriously injured are: Miss j
Clara Hlnsky, back injured and prob- \u25a0
ably a fracture of the skull: George ;
Woodbury of St. George. Utato, laborer, j
Injured Internally; J. P. Burns, Chey
enne and Northern Railroad employe,
injured, internally and in back and
side; J. T, Lowery of Cheyenne, United
States Livestock Inspector, back and
shoulders badly bruised. j
Those seriously Injured were 1
brought to Cheyenne in a. special itrain -
and were taken to St. John's Hospital
thiß afternoon. There were less than
-fifty passengers In the two cars and
few of them escaped unhurt. . ,
CALIFORNIA LIMITED TO RUX \u25a0 V 'I K\
UPOX A DAILY SCHEDULE '
CHICAGO. Oct.- 17.— Announcement
was made to-day by the Santa Fe Rail
road that commencing on November 12 ,
the dally service for the eleventh sea- i
«on of the California Limited would be j
resumed between Chicago, Los Angeles, j
San Diego and San Francls.co. This!
train now runs semi-weekly. '. • j
"The California Limited" enjoys the'
distinction of being" the only , train be
tween Chicago and Southern California j
exclusively for flrst»class passengers, j
Cotton Mill* Inrreune Wagtn.
FALL RIVER, Mass., Oct. 17.— The
Manufacturers' Association to-day , an
nounced a 5 per cent increase In wages
of cotton mill operatives and, a profit
sharing plan to take effect- October 25.
THE SAN FRANGISCO; CALL.; WEDNESDAY^ OCTOBER^IS. 190 H.
WOULD BANISH
THE "JOHNNIES"
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17:— The ideas of
Miss Marie Cahill with regard to the
mental, mpral and material welfare. of
the chorus girl are not confined by any
means to her much-heralded ukase 11
against tights and decollete corsages
in her forthcoming musical production,
which is being tried in the West. She
has grand, gloomy and peculiar theories
'on tiie uehavior of young women on
and off tiie stage. M.ms Cahill hafj pre-;
pared au ironciad rule to regulate the
cunuuet of her young women, while
they are on the road and after the show
comes to Broadway.
Briefly these consists of the censor
ship ol notes and the banishment of
"Johnnies" from the stage door. The
Johnny who sends a note to the stage
door, expecting an answer at once,
won't get it. The chorus girl won't
get the note until the show is in the
next town. This is' simple^ but effec
tive. Members of. the company are re
quired not to have friends, relatives or
acquaintances meet them at the stage
door in cabs or automobiles.' Street
cars are good enough for any girl. All
vehicles loitering at' the stage entrance
will be moved on. . . , -
Finally if any young woman in Miss
Cahill's company wishes; to | eat lobster
or anything at all, either for dinner or
supper, she must \u25a0\u25a0 go away- from, the
theater district for that purpose. No
eating or drinkiri'g in the district' will
be allowed while the company Is play
ing. ._\u25a0'.' - ;
ELECTION fill
Continued From Page 3, Column 7.
machines under the jurisdiction of the
league. ; ' '
'me question of a higher liquor li
cense was settled. The citizens .will be
given a chance to vote "for; or; against
the movement. The liquor dealers, who
proposed to show that the petition was
not regular, failed .'to '•" appeal*. 'The
amendment is to read as follows:
"Imposing'a license on-.retall "liquor
dealers of J125 a, quarter." . ;_
Frank C. Jordan, agent, of the, United
States Standard Voting,Machine*.Com
pany, and R. Pratt, '-attorney for. the
same, were cited to appear before the
board next Friday evening to approve
or disapprove the stories published con
cerning the possibility ; of ! the voting
machines being dishonestly "manipu
lated. V;".:V;V ;".:V;
Tne general impression expressed by.
tHe Election Board I and Perry,- H.: New
berry is that the; machines cannot, be
manipulated" sb'as to register ;a ; fraud-*
ulent vote. - • : V -
At 10:15 o'clock last' night .thel petitions
of the •so-called > Independent Republicans
and Independent Democrats | for places on
the' official ballot^ were 'filed i/wlth -the
Registrar. Each petition- must ; contain
2000 names of; electors l.who did not .vote
at the primary,, eleptton, .and ' tho Regis
trar said a day or two would be required
to investigate the r signatures : before \u25a0he
would V announce a - decision; V
, FAINTER FALLS', FRO*M; STAGING.— Ben
Jensen, a painter .residing »t!427 Fifth -street,.
f»ll from ; a , staglnjr\at ; ' O'Farreir' and '-Devtsa-:
d« ro BtrcetH > yesterday "\u25a0 and "•' sustained . internal
injuries. He was' taken to' the Central Emer-'.
r»-ncy. : Hospital, j where. ; he ; was treated •• by < Dr. :
Glover. , ". ' '*.' " \u25a0 ;•"
HERO SAVES
THE LIVES OF
TRAVELERS
Swims Raging Torrent in
Nevada and Warns Train of
Destruction of Bridge by,
Fire Started by Tramps
ENGINEER STOPS ON
ERINK OF CHASM
Bravery of a Track- Walker
Prevents Awful Disaster to
Tonopah Express and Loss
of Hundreds of Persons
Special Dispatch to The Call.
, RENO, Oct. 17.— 8y. the heroic action of
Track Walker Burna hun
dreds of ; passengers on the Tono
pah express were saved from a horrible
death this afternoon. A culvert on the
Nevada and California road near .Wa;
buska, bridging a deep and rocky stream,
was set on tire, -presumably by tramps
and was completely burned away, leaving
a dee? and treacherous chasm.
Burns reached the scene of the con
flagration a few minutes before the ar
rival of the passenger train, and plung
ing into the swift waters crossed and
succeded in flagging the train on the very
brink of the chasm. Had the engine pro
ceeded but a ' few feet more the entire
train would have been dragged over the
precipice Into the foaming waters of the
stream.
The bridge was completely out of sight
of the engineer, being situated round a
curve, and had it not been for the action
of the track-walker, an awful calamity
would have occurred. The train was a
little behind schedule time and was run
ning at a high rate of speed. Traffic was
resumed over the road late this evening,
a temporary bridge having been con
structed by the wrecking crew sent out
from Sparks.
WOMAN FOUND DYING
IN SHED IN GOTHAM;
Thre6 Bullet I Wounds in
Neck and Note Puzzle
the Police..
NEW\YORK, Oct. 17. — A woman ap
parently about '.'t> or 30 years of.agii
was found In the wagon- sheds of a
brewery company in the rear of Fulton
avenue, the Bronx, last night; " She was
alive, but, unconscious. There were
three bullet wounds in her neck, two
on the right side directly below the
ear. and the other on the' left side. >AY
the' hospital where she was .taken .It
was said that there was no. chance of
her ' recovery. J. - - J ,-..,, —."^ . \u25a0/-'
% When found she lay-- between :-two
big brewery trucks, r Five feet . away
were found a 32-caliber -revolver with
three chambers empty, a pocket-book
and an eight-ounce bottle half full of
carbolic acid. She had taken none of
the acid. . . •
'The woman was neatly dressed. In
the pocket-book were^ $5., 16, a trunk'
kes'. a pair of white 'silk gloves and.
this note in German, addressed to a
man: . ; ... \u25a0*\u25a0[ \^'Jt<-:
I hope you may get your deserts. I always"
was a decent girl. I 'pray God will forgive me
and jiunlsh you. Please bury . me in the poor
cemetery. Make no attempt to find my rela
tives. •;> ANNA L.AONGE:
The police are puzzled to know how
all the wounds could have been self
inflicted if, as the note Indicated, the
woman attempted suicide. '
PIONEER DIVINE
IS SUMMONED
WHILE ON VISIT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17.— Rev. -Henry James
Bland, a pioneer minister, of ; this State
died suddenly this evening of heart dis
ease at the home of his son, Professor
Henry Meade Bland, in College v Park.
For the last year Rev. Mr. ) Bland has
made his home in Oakland ..with his
daughter, g Mrs. T. F? Parker. He came
here yesterday to visit .his son. The de
ceased .was a native of Virginia and 83
years of age. An aged widow also sur
vives him. HlSi son. Professor Bland, Is
a. member of the estate Normal School
faculty. Rev. Mr. Bland retired from
the ministry a number of years ago. '•
New Place for . Berkeley . Woman.
LINCOLN, Neb.. Oct. 17.— Miss Mabel
Perley of Berkeley, now\ doing research
work In trfe manual training depart
ment at the UniversLty'.of \u25a0 California,
has been elected superintendent of the
manual training department in. tho
Lincoln public schools. \u25a0
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
>. Tuesday. : October 17.
Stmr Coqullle ' River, KJellin, 80 hours from
Tillamook. r- . v .
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, 84 hours from Eu-'
reka, with echr Vine lni tow. •
Schr Vine. Danr.evis:. \u25a034 hours ' from Eu
reka, in tow stmr North Fork.
. ISLAND PORT. -
HONOLULU— SaiIed Oct 17,' 3 p m— Stmr
Ventura, for San^-Franclsco. :
OCEAN STEAMERS. .
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 1171 17— Stmr Olden
burg, for Bremen, Trieste, Naples and Flume;
stmr • Cevlc, for Liverpool. \u25a0' ' \u25a0 '\u25a0> .'-\u25a0.;••\u25a0
<\u25a0 GLASOOW— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr % Cartha
genla, from' New Tork. '.\u25a0.', \u25a0 \u25a0• ' :;
Arrived Oct 17— Stmr : Columbia, from . New
York, via MovlUe.
SYDNEY, N. S.W.— Arrived prior to Oct
17 — Stmr Sierra, from San Franclsco.l via Hon
olulu and Auckland. ' • :\u25a0• \u25a0 • L- ; . \u25a0' ?
Ll VERPOOli— Arrived ' Oct : : 17— Stmr Corln-'
thlon, from Montreal and Quebec- •
i. Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Caronla, for New York;
etmr \u25a0 Lake Champlaln, for ' Montreal;; -. -;
GIBRALTAR— Arrived t Oct 17— Stmr / Can
oplc, from Boston, -for Naples; and Genoa' \u25a0•••'-\u25a0"
NAPLES— Arrived" <\u25a0 Oct- 12— Stmr- Clttadl
Terl no, from New ; York. - r ;
LONDON— Arrived Oct 17— 6tmr Mlnnehaha.
from New * York. : , • " - .
' ... BOSTON— Arrived Oct : ; 17— Stmr Manltdu.
from Antwerp; stmr \u25a0 Cestrlan, from Liver-*
pool;::v: '.•\u25a0,-.. \u0084-,\u25a0-\u25a0" -^: \u25a0- \u25a0;. •. .* -,'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0,••\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0 : -
ST JOHN— Arrived Oct 16— Stmr Laurentlan,
from '\u25a0 Glasgow and Liverpool, : , for' Halifax and
Philadelphia. > .. .• \u25a0 ', , ; .
DOVER— Arrived, Oct ! 17— Stmr Vaderland, '\u25a0
from New York: \u25a0 = ; \u25a0 - -J . •'\u25a0'. v/\u25a0 •
' PUNTA ; ARENAS-^-Arrlved ' Oct 13— Stmr
Pentaur, \u25a0 from T Hamburg, Genoa . and Cadiz, for
.Valparaiso, etc.- and San. Francisco.- • \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 .
7 PONTA! DEL : GADA— Sailed . Ocf 17— Stmr
Romanic, for Boston;-;-- : ' \u25a0 "- * -.
«-, OT7EENSTOWN— Arrived Oct. lB— Stmr Ma
jestic,' from New York. : for Liverpool,; and pro
ceeded. '[;\u25a0•\u25a0'.: -: r \.',Z: \u25a0•\u25a0V."-. '\u25a0•.'•. '\u25a0\u25a0'%!..{ •\u25a0'-. '."-V:. • >-*r ; ;
U. BUND < PEOPLE 4TO .GIVE CONCERT .—
The ' Alumni ? Associations of - the -: California 1 In
stitution • for; the •• Bllndi will ; give ; a", concert "In
Golden" Gate" Hall,' Cfi7' Butter ; street," Monday,
October SO. Dancing will begin : at 10^30. - Ad
mission 25 cents. . '
Tfe? Wonderful Pianola Piano
the Musical Marvel of the Century
"^ \u25a0 * -
i The Pianola Piano adjusted to be The Pianola Piano . adjusted to be
played by the Pianola contained with- ... P ' • 7 ed by hand ia „ the usual
\ in the case. .
THE Pianola Piano as its narrie' indicates is added to mechanical advantages all the
is a combination of a^piano and -a .'; best intellect of master minds that has been
Pianola: in one : complete/ contact in- brought . to bear upon the most subtle
strument. Thus'it^ is : a union of the most C musical - compositions. By following this
popular musical instrument of modern times. : red line in its many angles and curves the
j 'A. r ~~c \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0ii- - ':'\u25a0\u25a0'- ,•'. ; performer renders the music according to
and^the means bywhich any_one can .play it. • > :^ ihterpretation of some great master of
In effecting this combination of a piano x , — : — r
. \u25a0 —. ;; — — > V • - i — ; — the- piano fortes %!!*
, player with, an upright piano, ,' nothing has -,- Thus the Pianola Piano is an instrument
beenJost either inthe beauty of the piano's which unites these method's of playing a
tone. or the expression devices of the Pianola' .piano: .^» -
I itself/.The Pianola Piano-presents the same^ i.7 By-hand in the usual manner.
exterior appearance as any high-grade up- 2./ B y, the Pianola, the performer giving
right and occupies the same amount lof - . the music his own expression.-^, -^
space - - •-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \ ~~~" ~~~ '. .1. 'By the Metrostyle Pianola, the per-
. "When played by hand'there is no feature for W Vin^ the »same expression to the
about it which caTcheTlhe eye to distinguish - music as would be interpreted by such mas-
. . . > •.\u25a0;.-\u25a0.-: \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0*:\u25a0: s . ters as Paderewski, Moszkowski, Bauer,
it from tfie^ usual_upright_piano. But m chartiinade and others. \u0084
"addition it contains within its case a Metro- All Pianola Pianos are equipped with
- style Pianoja, the most advanced 'develop- t h e Metrostyle, and as the Metrostyle is con-
ment of the piano-player idea. Simply by trolled exclusively by the Aeolian Company,
inserting a perforated roll of music the piano for which Kohler & Chase are sole agents,
may be played without, touching a finger to no other piano player or combination of
the keys, yet the keys are there ready to * piano and player has or can have either the
be used when hand-playing is desired. Metrostyle or any device approximating it.
-' The Metrostyle is an attachment to the Come to our store — hear this musical
Pianola which furnishes the performer, if he # > marvel of the century. You will surely want
chooses, with an authoritative guide to in- one in your home. The Pianola Piano may
terpretation. By means of a pointer at- be purchased on easy monthly payments.
tached to the tempo-lever, following a thin We will take in exchange your present piano,
red .line on the perforated music rolls, there piano player, or both, at a fair valuation.
K«9^ » \u25a0'-jffiSk jFS'^ . LARGEST PIANO HOUSE on the COAST
OI1I©!y \®if V#DflS© CORNER PO^Tand KEARNY
Fusion Candidate
Continued From Page 3, Columu 3.
my heart they will, take advantage of It. :
The other speakers of, the evening were
Fred Eggers, who was h3artily greeted,
John A. McGee, candidate -for Supervisor
and Percy V. .Long. .. \>
-MEETINGS IN TWO. DISTRICTS.
Thirty-Fifth and Tlilrty-Slxth Hold
Great Halite* for Partridge.
Before arriving at the great meeting
In the Thirtieth John S. Partridge , ad
dressed two other meetings in .districts
south of Market i street, the Thirty-fifth
and the Thirty-sixth. '\u25a0; In both of these
—one at the Mission Opera Hall and the
other at Harmony Hall— the fusion can
didate and fiis colleagues on the ticket
were greeted by rousing cheers. \
The first hall visited by the candidate
was in the Thirty-fifth District, Mission
Opera Hall, and Mr. Partridge's entrance
was the signal for -an uproarious out
burst. The meeting was called to. order
by; William A.. Kelly of the fusion cam
paign commit toe.: v ; , V
; Kelly gave the audience the reasons
why, the Democrats and Republicans have
Joined. forces to remove from office men
.who have taken advantage of the people.
Hardly had Mr. Kelly ; begun when
Partridge . entered the hall and was
cheered until he reached the platform.
After he had taken his seat T. Cary Van
Fleet j was presented by Chairman Kelly.
-Van Fleet arraigned the forces of graft
working i openly in the City ,, Hall. He
deplored \ the cry "of class against class
raised by the opposition and charged that
Schmitz had giyen over the reins. of local
government to the : habitues of the Ten
derloin. He said that Abe RueC who
probably owned ' more real . estate -'than
was represented by the entire audience,
had walked into the limelight and an
nounced 'that he 1 was practically the ad
ministration. V .:
• Van. Fleet aroused much laughter,
describing the , Board , of ; Public . Works
as the "board ! th.at works -the, pvTblic."
At this juncture a man at the rear of the
hall attempted > the only ; disturbance of
the evening and ! was summarily ejected.
Van Fleet closed .with a warm eulogy qt
John S. Partridge. '
f Mr. : Partridge was then ; introduced as
the next Mayor and spoke' in part as fol
lows:f \u25a0--:;\u25a0. \u25a0:.-:-.-' :- : ,\u25a0'".. >>\u25a0;.'\u25a0\u25a0 <\u25a0 :
I've got In the habit of making my kind of
flght ; and I've' done It. Abraham Ruef kivow*
he Is going, to be whipped and his campaign of
lies Is - drawing «.•: to » a • clOße. \u25a0 He <? has epread
scandals ard' lies about me, out ask any young
man or ..woman I over;. whom 1 1 had supervision
when a : teacher in the scnools and if they say
one word against John Partridge I'llqult I tbls
fight. If they ' *ay> that I've madela /single
dl.itinction between the child of the rich' and'
the child. of the poorl'll get out of this flght."
We have thla '.fight won; anfl no one I knows
It better tiiftn ' Abraham Ruef. He ; knew \u25a0 it ' at
the primaries,-- he ; knew \u25a0: It at \u25a0 the : Republican
Convention and he knew it thli morning after
the four. and, a, half futile hours at the Alham
bra Theater, and. he knows It now. j When Tom
Hickey (Democrat) and Dan Ryan (Republican)
clasped hands on . the : platform ,of the ; : Dem
ocratic Convention,"^ Ruef .. knew that his reign
of graft ,wa«' drawing to a' close. -:.\u25a0:".'- :£
,1 have made | no pledge to any party^ .but I
say *to you ' that r when . I • enter ; th« City 5 Hall
the grafters ! will : exit, I ana unceremonlbusly. - I
have given' them 'warning. to make their great,
est flght to'sav»'thelrjjobs'and perhaps their
liberty. r and they j have taken me ; at -my word. ,
They are out against me tooth and nail and
fighting desperately. ;, k. : '-\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0_ -.' \u25a0 \u25a0_ Y'.l '"\u25a0
;.The r other.speakers, at Mission. Opera
Hall V- were General C. A. '-", Woodruff,
George \u25a0; McGowan and <H. >U. Branden-
Bteini;T.,\ : v'.', : ;'v/-.; ; J : \u0084.\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'-.,: ' y~ I* :.\u25a0\u25a0
v. Within ? four | blocks \u25a0of i. the. Mission ' hall
in "the 'r-Thlrty-fif th \u25a0 District ;, was ; AHarf
mony Hall ; In \u25a0 the ,Thlr ty-sjxth > packed :to
overflowing -" and containing^^voters
anxiously; awaiting the' fushlqn 'candidate.
'Already '? they, had -been addressed ibyTFred
Eggers, fto iwhose \u25a0 good>efforts » the '; dis
trict * was ; saved from ! Ruef at Hhe" prl-
Maries, H. N. Beatty, Thomas ,W. Scary*
chairman, and Henry U. Brandenstein.
Parridge's entrance was the signal for
the outbreak of the evening and the large
hall rang with - cheers and applause for
fusion's leader. Mr. Partridge con
fined his speech to a discussion of Mr.
Ruefs action In coming into j the lime
light and making himself the issue of
the campaign. He explained to his audi
ence the magnitude of the boss's blunder
and said that union men are urging him
to remain in the back ground hereafter
during the fight. He told, of his own life
of toil and how he would give. the poorest
man and the richest corporation the same
square deal, and- closed with the predic
tion of a majority for fusion of 15,000.
The mention, of the figures was received
with enthusiasm. . . .
The other speakers of the evening were
Jesse Bryan, General C. A. Woodruff. H.
E. Leland. and E. R. Rock.
The. meetings announced for. to-morrow
night will be at Garibaldi Hall in the
Fortieth District and at Hamilton Hall
in the^ Thirty-eighth. There will also be
a meeting of the colored voters at Aus
trian Hall In the Forty-Tourth.>
To-night Mr. Partridge will address the
voters of the Forty-first at Steimke Hall,
Octavla, near Union street, and In the
Forty-second District at Saratoga Hall,
Geary and Larkin streets, j! An excellent
list of speakers will be provided. • _
John S. Partridge spoke before a meet
tng of the Swedish-American- Political
Club last night at Scandla Hall,* and he
was given a> generous reception by the
members -of -the club. In the few words
he spoke, Partridge told of how Minne
apolis was Inhabited chiefly by Swedish
people. ,He recited the incident of
D.r. Ames was four times elected Mayor,
and during his last term his office was
dishonestly conducted and how the Swe
dish people resented his crooked work and
finally sent him to the penitentiary.
• The club : will hold a meeting on Octo
ber \u25a024 'and : another on November. 1.~ A
picnic will be held at Shell Mound Park
on October 29.
CHICAGO? Oct. 17.— James J. HUI. it was
definitely, stated to-day, has secured control of
the Chicago Terminal Transfer Railway and
will xhortiy use the .Grand. Central passenger
station as a terminus for tne • Burlington sys
tem.; . • , '.- ' - \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0; ' . \u25a0 -
OUR latest importations of exquisitely beautiful ; l
Rock Crystal and the newest and finest pro- ' |
• ductionsin American Gut Glass are shown in the 1
GrystaUßpomthis week; _ ,:^i 1: M, \u25a0 i . .,. ,*•;
" y •' Q Flower Baskets; richest of Cut Glass in great ||
-variety of designs are among the most in- M
p, • ' : teresting" items. M
<J Comports iti both Rock Crystal and Cut Glass are • H
"shown in 'many pretty Tshapesl,- .• g
,fl Vases in almost unlimited variety* and entirely v
'\u25a0;{.*".'. new* and original "flower 'centerpieces °.^ c . r , %
Suggestions' for effective^ table " decoration. 1 »
i. ...You Are 'Cordially" Invited. • • if
feftei\'PoS\rn\aßiii9 I
-•.^ 'V- 122-532 su^ter^st V . ;\u25a0..\u25a0.; i
TEN BIKERS
ARE INDICTED
DENVER, Colo., Oct. 17.— Leonard Im
boden. James A. Hill. C. B. Wilfley. E. E.
Hull. W. L. Hull. C. C. Roberts. W. T.
Camp. D. Carey, A. B. Davis and J.
H. Edmondson were indicted by the
Gran ! Jury' to-day on the charge of con
spiring to steal J1.TU.587 from the Denver
Savings Bank.
Wilfley and Edmondson were former
presidents of the Denver Savings Bank
and Hill was president when the receiver
was appointed on August 13 last. H. L.
Hull ia president of the M6unt Vernon
National Bank of Boston, Mass.. Roberta
and Carey are officers of the Cherokee
State Bank of Enid, .Okla.: Camp and
Davis are officers of the Texas State
Trutt Company ft Fort Worth. Texas,
and Imboden and E. E. Hull promoters.
In addition to the general conspiracy
indictment, seven Indictments were found
aarainst Edmondson on charges. of larceny,
embezzlement and converting the funds
of the depositors to his own use. He \a
charged specifically with the theft" of
$105,000. Four tndtctments were returned
against Wilfley, charging him with loan
ing certain lands belonging to the bank
and securing heavy commission for his
own use.
One indictment was returned against
Hill, charging him with the embezzlement
of $10,000.
. Warrants were immediately issued for
the arrest of the indicted men. Imboden.
Wllfley and Hill were arrested here this
afternoon. Capiases for those not In the
city were telegraphed to the cities where
they reside.
PARIS, Oct. 17.— Professor Chantemlssf,
head of the Pasteur Institute, lecturing at the
Academy of Medicine t»-«ajr. said that flies
were the greatest disseminators of cholera In
the • towns, and that his experiments . hay«
proved this fact.TAMMANY'S GREAT ORATOR HERE
\Vi Bourke Cockran. member of Congress from New York, returned from the Philippines yes
terday. He has not changed his views regarding the acquisition and retention* of the islands/ still be
lieving that the United States has engaged in too difficult an undertaking, but he will work for the
good of the people concerned. -.'..-. . \u25a0 r.; V . ,
W. Bourke Cockran
Arrives From
Manila
Opposes Retention
of Philippine
Islands
Thinks Intentions of
Roosevelt Are
Good.
W. Bourka Cockran arrived on tn«
Japanese liner America Maru from the
Orient yesterday in his tour around the
world. It is the first time the New
York Congressman has visited the Pacitic
Coast. He started from his home" city
en May lo tor England, and proceeded
thence via the Suez canal to India. He
reached Manila on August 6 and . re
mained there twenty-five days, during
which time he looked into the situation
fully.
This investigation was entirely tor his
own personal knowledge, the noted Con
gressman explains. He -wished to ascer
tain, he says, whether his pronounced
\iews on the Philippine question wer«
*cli founded.
His views were not changed by his
visit and inspection. He has always been
opposed to the retention of the Philip
pines. But a duty is now Incumbent on
the United States, Cockran declared, and
he will do all h^ can to benefit the isl
ands. He asserted that the President
and Secretary Taft had the best inten
tions possible for :he welfare of the
Philippines, and he would help in carry
ing out these intentions, he said.
Immediately on his arrivaJ here Con
gressman Cockran was taken to the St.
. brands. He at or.cc called for copies or
'•he daily papers of the last weeks-i ssue.
In speaking of his trJp he said:
I have b?en «.»•*>• from New Tor* ni&rljr
six months and 1 am. of coune, somewhat
rusty rerarfilnr political affairs.
OPINION' UNCHANGED.
My opinions regarding the PhilSpjtlnes are
Unchanged. I wect 10 the ißlanils to ascer
tain ; r:;cr.a;:; the situation. I looked
thoroughly into matters. I hay« &:«eys been
opposed to the acquisition and retention of
the Philippine* and my visit there tn no way
«.itere<i my views. However, as President
Roosevelt and Mr. Taft have determined upon
a policy looking to retention and aa that
poliejr will undoubtedTy prevail I will 4o all
i tan to benefit the islands. It It my opinion
ihsi the plunderers, however, will come cut
on top. notwithstanding the efforts of the
President and Mr. Taft. The administration
wii; do everytnine it can for tb« benefit of
the islanders, but I think the plunderers will
still get the best of it. It is the Intention
to rcrder the people of the islands the best
c fficea of benevolence.
TV* fc&ve rot the Islands and bow we must .
<io the best we can with them. This Is th«
iuflrnaest cf the American^ people, which 1*
conclusive. I a!so opposed 'the annexation of
the Hawaiian Islands, for the^reaeon that I
believed them ectlrely unnecessary to the
nation. Before the United Slates acquired
the Hawaiian lelaads our nation was In
% ulnerab.e. now we have made ourselves vul
r^rat'e. By the acquisition of these territories,
lrstead cf gt.'.-ir.g strength, we have taken
upon ourselves a source of weakness. In
Honolulu the natives and residents say thers
have been no Improvement* In conditions. At
ar.y rate we have got the islands an 2 I don't
kacw to whom we could give them.
I see no profit In the Islands;' only sacrifice.
In regard to trade the natives In the Phillp
rin»s would lik* to buy from us, but they
hiv« nothing with which to pay. , '
I !»• you are gc'.r.s to have a local elec
tion here and that the Republicans and Dem
o-rats have Joiced together against the labor
t'^ket. I am not. of course, familiar wttn
ADVERTISEMEyrS.
A Serious
MistaKe.
It is a serious thing to neglect
your heart.
The moment you detect any
weakness or irregularity, such
as short breath after exercise,
palpitation, fluttering, weak or
hungry spells, pain in breast,
side or shoulder, or uneasiness
when lying on left side, you
should take Dr. Miles' Heart
Cure; it rarely ever fails to
relieve all these symptoms.
If not promptly restored^
chronic heart disease soon de-
velops, and then it only remains
for some sudden strain to com-
pletely exhaust the heart.
Thousands of hopeless cases
have been cured, and if you do
not try it, it will be the great-
est mistake of your life.
"When I begun taking: Dr. Miles*
Remedies I was in a. very bad condi-
tion. I had »toms.ch trouble, with
**vere distress after eatla«r. My heart
hurt ne, and I had shortness of
breath, palpitation. My puls« was
Irregular, and my fees, ankles and
hands were swollen. Every month
at regular periods I hsvi severe pain.
I wrote Dr. Miles' Medical Co.. and
they advised me to take Dr. Miles'
Restorative Nervine and Heart Cure.
I soon noticed an improvement, and I
cntlnu^d the medicine until I was
completely curexL I feel like a- dif-
ferent person. In fact I have. not felt
so wen for 20 years."
MRS. ALEXANDER WILSON*.
3000 Egrace St.. Richmond. Va.
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure Is sold by
your druggist, who will guarantee that
the first bottle will benefit. If It falls'
he will refund your money.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
\ THB
Los Angeles Times
.' %KSt FRAJTCISCO OFFICB
, IS NOW IN
Room 4!, Chronicle B!dg.
! Telephone Main 1472-
\ Arthur L. Fish, Representativa
\ Tfce Times Is the advertising
\ mediant of the Southwest,
FAMOUS ORATOR AND CONGRESSMAN' FROM NEW YORK, WHO ARRIVED
FROM THE ORIENT YESTERDAY ON THE AMERICA MARU. HE IS MAK
ING A TOUR OF THE WORLD.
the movement now going on, but I under
stand that the fusion ticket is making a cry
of graft against the leaders of the labor party.
Of course I know nothing about the question*
at issue here and I don't know anything
about graft In politics here. I know graft
does exist In politics, especially in the police
departments. I doubt if graft can be entirely
eliminated, but every effort should be made
to redurw It to a mlnjmum.
I shall not speak on any political subject
here. I shall speak at the banquet on Thurs
day night, end .I^.ahsJl alsa. B peak. at -St. Ig
natius College on Saturday evening. I shall
leave for New York Sunday morning..
RECEIVED ON THE BAY.
Two committees, one from the Youths'
Directory and the other formed of alumni
of St. Ignatius College, went out on- the
revenue cutter Golden Gate to meet Mr.
Cochran. Permission for the committees
to board the liner with the customs offi
cials and to use the Government steamer
was granted by 'Washington, and in order
that the reception should not be hurried
Manager Avery held the liner at anchor
off Meiggs w"harf for more than an hour
after the Federal doctors had granted her
free pratique. - \u25a0
In the Golden Gate was a band which
played "Home, Sw«et Home" as the cut
ter came alongside the liner and which
rendered a few selections while the in
formal reception to" the Tammany orator
was In progress. \u25a0
Deputy Collector Stephens, representing
Collector Stratton, extended to Congress
man Cockran the courtesy^ of the port,
and the distinguished traveler's baggage
was transferred to the Golden Gate with
out being subjected to examination by
customs officials.
The members of the reception commit
tees were as follows:
From the Youths* Directory — Rev.
Father Crowley, president; James R. Kel
ley, chairman; J. W. McCarthy, secre
tary; Messrs. Neal Power, William Brod
erlck, T. H. Griffin, Captain H. P. Glea
son, P. F. McCarthy, C. | D. South and
Thomas Flinn.
The alumni of St Ignatius were: Judge
A. J. Fritz, John Lenahan, Lawrence F.
Walsh. Albert M. Whittle. Thomas M.
Griffin. John S. Drum, F. S. Barrett, R.
P. Doolan, J. L. Whelan and others.
GAXAL' TERMINALS
TO BE FORTIFIED
America Claims the Right
to Erect Adequate
Works.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 17. — Fortifica
tion of the terminals of the Panama
canal is one of Abe subjects to be con
sidered by Secretary Taft when he
makes his visit to the Isthmus, and for
this purpose -he will be accompanied
by members of the first committee of
the fortifications board.
Fortification of the canal was, for
bidden by the .first-. Hay-Pauncefote
treaty, but this treaty was so amended
by th» Senate that" Great Britain re
jected it. The canal treaty which waa
finally adopted and Is now In force and
which superseded the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty has no mention of fortifications,
but docs allow the United States to. use
such military force as may be neces
sary to police and protect the canal.
As nothing is said regarding fortifica
tions this Government' assumes the
right to erect such works- as will ade
quately protect' the canal.
WO9LAX AXP PIVE, CHILDREN'
PF.ttISH IN BURNING. HOME
IliKitaml Alone Able to IZtfrri Escape
' From KlAm<-K In >ll»sunri
Village.
ST. I.OUIS. Oct. 17. — Mrs. Alice Hart
man and h*r live children \* ere burned
to death in a tire that destroyed thc-ir
home at I'ort Koya!. a \illago in Frank
lin County, yesterday. The husbanO,
William Hartmari.'.rscaped from tin?
burning hou^e. but wu3 unable to savu
any members of his family.
Ihe family was. aroused from sleep
by dense smoko. Mrs.liartman, carry-,
ing her baby, rushed upstairs to arouse
the children, and before Hartman could
follow thfi building: suddenly burst Into
flames throughout.'and he was forced to
leave his entire family to perish. Tho
charred bodies of the six victims were
found In the ruln» to-day. The oldest
. child was 12 yearS Of age. _^ •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY/ OCTOBER VIB, r 1905.
REMOVED FROM
CIVIL SERVICE
Positions Under the Cabinet
Officers \u0084Taken From the
List by the President
I WASHINGTON. Oct. IT. — An amend
ment to the civil "service rules, sweep
ing and comprehensive in its charac
ter, was authorized , to-day \by the
President. Hereafter a Cabinet officer
will have the power to remove, sum
marily and without hearing any civil
service employe in his department who,
to the personal knowledge of the head
*of the : department, has been guilty of
misconduct or who is inefficient in the
performance jof . his duties. By the
terms of. the amendmeent the Cabinet
officer must have personal knowledge
of ,the misconduct or inefficiency, of the
employe whom he proposes to . dis
charge. With this personal knowledge
the power of. the head of the depart
ment Is absolute. . , /
The amendment is one of the most
Important and' far-reaching made to
the civil -service rules in "many 'years.
It confers upon Cabinet- officers; prac
tically unlimited power, as "(to the per
sonnel of . their departments. The
amendment Is made to rule" XIL sec
tion i', .which' provides" that the ap
pointing officers in the executive civil
service shall report in detail , to the
Civil Service . Commission all changes
in their departments as soon as made
and the reasons for I making them.
Heretofore in every case of the re
moval of a civil service employe
charges had to be filed against the per
son whom it was proposed to remove
and - the employe was given time in
which to meet the charges with" such
defense as - he'' might have to make.
Under the authorized amendment such
a proceeding will not be necessary. A
head of a* department: may discharge
an employe for. misconduct or ineffi
ciency with the simple statement to
the Civil Service Commission that the
misconduct or inefficiency. Is a subject
of his personal observation. The dis
charged employe-will have no recourse.
While members of .the Cabinet fre
quently have discussed such an amend
ment to the civil service rules; as wai
authorized to-day, - the /subject was
brought- directly to. the attention of
President Roosevelt .recently* by the
misconduct, of- a -chauffeur of one of
ithe Government automobiles. -. The
driver of ' the automobile piloted his
machine directly. In the way of the
President's carriages and ,\ seemed . to
take, delight- In", cutting him out of . the
road. When the President learned who
the chauffeur was he" said he ought to
be discharged as. lncapable: of operat
ing, .the machine. The; subject was
pressed by members of the Cabinet and
the decision was reached to ."make th«
amendment.: to the ; civil .service .rules
in order; that misconduct of a Govern
ment employe: might be made tha
cause for. Instant, dismissal. ...
; WOMAN ATTEMPTS .; SUICIDE.— May
Blanchard, living ' at 216 Powell - street,' took
a dose of bichloride of mercury with suicidal
Intent in her room yesterday morning. . Dr
S. C. Mlsli was called and,' after giving her
first , atd, \u25a0 Bent her to the Emergency Hospital
where she will "probably recover. :." The 'woman
rrfused to give any reason - for her rash act
further than saying -she; wa« .tired- of living
&END FOR THEM.
Brine the Home Folks West While
Rates Are Low.'
Tou f v» been thinking about it a long time.
Don't wait any ' longer. .\u25a0 Rates ' ar« ' low ; now
from the East to California. \u25a0 The Santa Ft
will telegraph - the \ ticket , and . see that your
folks get special attention: Tbe conductor will
look after them all th* way to California.. --
• $50 from New : Tork.'
; 533 ; t rom Chleago. -••.:.'.
..$25 from Kansas City. Low rate* also from
other places. Write for them to F. W. Prince
City ' Ticket' Agent. : Santa Fe Railway, 653
Market street. -San Francisco. - - ..' . - •
M'CURDY
DEFIES THE
COMMITTEE
President of the Mutual
Life Insurance Company
Eef uses to Answer Ques
tions Put by Legislators
SPECTATOBS JEER
AT THE WITNESS
Testimony Brings Out Fact
That a Literary Bureau
; Was Employed to Boom
the Selling of Policies
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— The testimony
in the Insurance investigation, which
was resumed to-day after a week's ad
journment of. the legislative , committee,
was moat, exciting and only repeated
threats by Senator Armstrong, chairman
of the, committee, to clear the room pre
vented violent demonstrations of disap
probation of the witness, who was Rich
ard A. McCurdy, president of the Mutual
Life Insurance Company. There were
Jeers at several periods of the \u25a0 day's tes
timony that temporarily interrupted the
proceedings. These came when Hughes,
counsel for the committee, asked ques
tions that McCurdy was reluctant to
answer or evaded.
In McCurdy's testimony to-day a fea
ture entirely new was disclosed and ; this
was that the Mutual Company
a literary bureau to send out to the press
of the country news matter that was of
benefit to the company. This information
was elicited during the probing of the
legal expense account. It came out when
a voucher for the payment of $2500 to
Joseph Howard Jr., in 1904, was produced.
Another voucher for the same amount,
paid in May, 1905, was marked "repayable
on demand" and "for professional ser
vices."
McCurdy had vised the vouchers. He
explained that Howard was a newspaper
correspondent and that his services con
sisted in syndicating news etories.
Pressed further, McCurdy said:
* "Mr. Howard was a correspondent for
the Boston Globe and several other pa
pers."
• McCurdy said he paid Howard about
$2500 a year and that the voucher for
May, 1905, was "really a loan or an ad
vance."
REFUSES TO AJVSYVER QUESTION'S.
During the earlier session of the day
an attempt was made to obtain from Mc-
Curdy the reason for reducing the divi
dends on policies as the business in
creased and the assets piled up. This
questioning was prompted by the large
number of letters from policy holders by
the .committee. One policy for $3000, in
1876. dew a dividend of $55.76, but had
been gradually cut until in 1904 it re
ceived only $3. -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .. •
To all questions the witness said he
•was not fortified- with the Information
sought; that these- were not essential
matters and- : when ' pressed he \u25a0 refused
to discuss the question. He would prof
fer a witness— his actuary, whose busi
ness it was to know these things— but as
for himself, he would not discuss the
question. • - •
McCurdy's demeanor was so defiant
that the spectators bent forward to
catch every wdrd and \u25a0 stood on tip-toe,
expecting every moment to hear him
directed by counsel to answer the ques
tion. His proffer, of another witness was
all that prevented steps being taken to
ward his indictment:
When McCurdy would not offer the*
information himself, Hughes started on
another line of inquiry.. Later in the
day Chairman Armstrong explained
that since the information desired by
the committee could, be obtained by.
another course, it was agreebale to the
committee to let McCurdy place him
self in the position he did. Had he,
however, been directed to answer, and,
knowing the 'information desired, then
refused, Armstrong v said, steps would
have been taken to indict him for a
misdemeanor.
SCORES THE COMMITTEMEJT.
McCurdy also during the efforts to
induce him to answer the questions as
to the reduction of dividends launched
forth Into a protest as to the manner In
which the Investigation was being con
ducted." He .said the committee was
going beyond the scope intended when
It was appointed by the Legislature,
and that the investigation had assumed
the proportions of an Inquisition. He
was asked by Senator. Armstrong how
ne would conduct the investigation and
was told if h_e had any better method
the committee would be glad to know
of It. McCurdy said his answers were
published- in a distorted form, that ap
peared like an attempt to ruin him.
After takingrup, the questions of the
reduction of dividends, Hughes read a
long, list of policy, numbers that had
been paid and the dividends received by
the policy-holders. .'Asked what he had
to say to these, McCurdy said:
"Figures don't He, but liars can
figure."
: He hastily explained that he meant
that facetiously and that' he would be
very glad to verify the figures.
The legal expenses were again re
curred to and a- number of vouchers
were read. It was brought out that
"William Barnes Sr. of Albany had ap
peared before committee In Albany
last winter and had received $1000 from
the New York Life and the i same
amount from the Mutual. Later It was
brought out in a letter to McCurdy
from William Barnes Jr. ; that G. AI
arnes Sr. was under an annual re
tainer to the Mutual Life."
SUIT SETTLED OUT OF COURT.
A voucher in- 1902 for $10,000, payable
to T.'H- -Bowles, was explained by Mc-
Curdy as part payment in settlement of
I a suit Bowles : had brought against 'the
"company.. Bowles had been dismissed
, by the company for insubordination. ,
McCurdy said to-day 'that insubordi
' ntlon consisted' in "throwing mud" and
trying to Injure the company.
Bowles has not been' in' business since
he severed his. connection with 1 the Mu- !
tual -Life-ln Milwaukee. ; : H« Is .visiting
in this ; city at the [ present time. To
nlsrht he gave out a statement, in which
he ;8ald: i ; - ;.. .*.. ." ' -
/^>The aspersions cast upon me- by the
speculations and deductions drawn/ out
Jyy the testimony offered In ; the' In sur-
Vnce Investigation are false and T stand
ready -to go -before the honorable body
anfhsrtye thdfacts.'V ; "\\l : . % .'\u25a0* -'>\u0084.\u25a0.•
< When'adjournmerit was taken for the.
day.* Hughes: had not finished with Mc-
Curdy. :;:*.:\u25a0"
/ HEWSON .RETURNED' TO ASVLUII.-
Robert . 8. ,! Hewmon. . «0« Oak strset.V a < r&rolM
Inmate of . the ; asylum at Napa; was returned
to . thfl. asylum \u25a0, y»»terday for makins: r»pp a tM
thr'aln r. on ' the life of , hia sister . during . the
1b«« w»«V. \u25a0 --....
I Pure Food Show %&££* I
if \u0084_..- . •»
The problem of how to live economically and weD was long ago solved by the patrons of the Emporium's '^
jC grocery and liquor departments. The present demonstration of some of the leading pure food products will be found *<|
jf a great benefit by housekeepers, experienced and inexperienced. Here they may learn how to make coffee as it \
•>*. should be made; how to make good biscuits; what to get to prepare an appetizing lunch or supper in a few mo- *<j
ments* time at a Kttle expense. «'
Among the exhibits are the Spanish- American Food Company's soups, beans, tamales, etc.; Italian-Swiss Col- *«q
i£ ony's wines, Elmporium M. & I. Coffee, Borden's Malted Milk, Crescent Mapeline, A I Flour; Elncore Pancake
J. Flour, Victory Butter, Lipton's Teas, M. J. B. Coffee, Duffy 1842 Gder, California Home Brand Pickles, Griffin's >
£ Preserves, Oyster Cocktail Sauce, etc.;- Menier's Chocolates and Cocoas. j,
|^ ' To-Day' s and Thursday's Grocery and Liquor Lists $
If Cocoa— Lowney's or- Ghirardelli'f, 25c Prunes— F^ncy 50 to 60. II lbs. . SOc Kentucky Belle Whisky— Full qt.
X tins, special ..:.. . . . . . 200 Emporium Extracts— Any flavor. 2 oz. bourbon, reg. 75 bottle SSC 'J
(f Maple Syrup— Log Cabin, bottles, 3 for. .... : . . . 55c Claret— Extra 50c table wine, gal . 430 X
\ Half gal., reg 68c. jor .. . . 590 Powerine or Pearlinc-16-oz. package^ 3 Cd R Wh isky-$225 quaEty. ?
X Gallon, reg. $1.25, for .. . . $1.10 for.:. ... . ..... . .'-. . . -250 , • JBf QS «
S Soda Crackers— ssc boxes, special 43c Laundry Starch — B«st white g'oss g . ''\u25a0''''"'.''' ' Z.JTV^ \
\ Olive 011-C. & 8.. reg. 70c bottle.€»/O starch. 6 -lbs ... ....... . 2So Burkes Stout— A dozen : $2.15 %
\ Peas— Napoleon, extra fancy »m»U ufted O* P« Sm Whisky— lo years old. rejr. Port or Sherry — 5 y«is old. gal. -SI «J
jC sweet peas, 3 tins .: ... . . SSo $1.50, special bottle. ... . . $1.05 Club Cocktails" — Any flavor. hd.slmls £
I Boys'. sOc Furnishings Flanneiettes and Flannels *
In the new clothing store, main floor, right of entrance. at Deep Gilt PfWCS 5|
jf j7O Dozen Boys' Golf Shirts— With cuffs A begmning^of-the-season offering of new, perfect S
f Attached or detached, fine quality madras and Ox- ( Wn*\CP canton flannel, domets and eiderdowns. Buy to-day and «
* fords in pretty shades and pattcnu. az« 12 to 14. l^Ul^ uarter tQ one . thir<l prices you J
I 40 Dozen Boys' Overshlrts— a negh- X- tave lo ym Me i^^ w!len you compelled to buy them. -J
R aces, with collar attached, fine madras or domet \u25a0 f o . '. „. -, . • rn^^^- t v livj »tj. «
fc? S \u25a0 i • „ ._• i l l- • Li T/"%r"» 27-lnch Canton Flannel — Heavy bleached, cannot be dv- .*
S> flannel in pretty stnpes; also chambray in blue or - |V/I r.j- l -,l ,v iZ "> 3 IT- %
i tan; also black sateen and black and white stripe J ? hc *f ,m, m «^ house . m th f lot ]ea *™ l 6 2 ' 3c 11Q. 5
JC duck shirts; sizes 12 to 14. . .Mto-dayoclykefor .......... HW> .j
i« 80 Dozen Blouses-The famous K. &S. P f\t 30 "l n ,fV? nton TT 116 "J f^cd.*** heavy, ib- 5
W make, madra. in neat colorings and plain in I IH ~ P'" * ' ' *, ?'? ' r , " \' t , , '5
the Russian style; others of 3omet flannel; sizes for *~V| I 27 -inch Printed Domet Flannel— Fleeced back W J
boys 2'/ to 15 years. - V IB I variety of stnpes, figures, etc.; Hght mafium or dark %
JC 30 Dozen Caps -Imitation patent leather. /VJ colon; 1 0c value; to-day, yard ........ i «
I sailor and auta style; also white flannel sailor caps / 32-inch Flannelettes— Double fold, fleeced back. Pewaa •}
k 1 and corduroy Parsifal. . ' effects, stripes, figures, etc., wide range of colors; to- | CV^ *•»
t HOSe Supporters tOC 27-Tn cc y hh r Wool Eiderdown Flannel-All .olid* ao. J
Ladies' Fancy Frill Side Hose Supporters, with patent fasteners; colors colors, value 37#c a yard; sale price to-day .. . -^
If and black; also plain webs for ladies, misses and children; I^l^ White Goods Sale Continues— Fancy white goods. BOm %
$ special to-day, pair .. , ..... ... ..•. . 11/W I Victoria lawn. 12Om 27-inch Oxford smting t4o, etc. etc ."•
f $6.50 Lace Waists MuslinWßS*B* This Elegant $
|P Forss.oo^ Choice and CHeap H^viland China i
i Z f XW v ra f bi fe ' A y Quality combined with low prices. Dmner Set §25 *
* amved from New York on Monday a^^j dozen dec^ g . Z
j Handsome lace, made over India silk well m^ mcd picccs of x^^&S»S^>SJ- «
lining; speaally priced 4fc HJ A A undermusKn at the • beginning of this great /S^W I^^' *Ov « '
k* at • • • • • • • • >j7w«Vfvr sale last Monday morning. Assortment still /m^l* >• '![
-Be sun and visit xcomen's department, ?°°£ but f OB \* l ?" da y/ •* P°*a>!e, »h«« (§f *
f second floor, to-day, and see these waists, m'hese splenchd bargains. 'M 'Jjf&*f~~^<Z*^,SrJ Z
X -\u25a0\u25a0'.' AH Kinds of Garments — Gowns, i?
Corset Covers, Drawers, Skirts or Cheniisei; '"' w «~_^lb— - '£&&?&' "'
I $2 Lawn Waists ma "y s ood s !>'«: ; vo . rtfi «p to $'-°° *f*s*—^f^j£*s&ii&&.^-^ %
t ' r-. ii- ' i ii- each: y° ur cno'ce during this %Q -» jL^^JF^^^l^^^^^r Ct> ja V? «
J, Real beauties, tucked and em- sale . 4oC ;*
k* broidered, with edging of -Val. lace, Corset Covers — Round, square and — ~^^ *%££?* <j
S on sale to-day in the <t» t CfA '°w neck styles, regularly 25c. 35c. 50c, $1 f^ i J^ ; f X
i waist department. • .$1.50 «J *>so. »ow ..... t2X « 980 One hundred pieces, for V
5 Furniture and \u25a0^SittSTETiSatt' °f«« t /. hapes f d "f g f size - *
X Carpet Saies $i.50 kinds, now .... 21c to 98c Four dainty styles of decora- £
jt Values that have never been «, eq««W » pl^youT^egular^Vl.W^to^jOa tlOnS, With Stipple gold handles. Z
S. the history of the big store. A fifth to a third *, \u25a0- c 7fl/.M«9 4fl t-i • • J«
I- reductions on hundreds ok desirable pieces. DOW ' •\u25a0••\u25a0•• SVCIo*J*<HS JJjg p leces are: _ # ,
I? from our everyday lowest or furniture prices. *:- - ' "^':
Best Tapestry Brussels Carpet, Daintlf SCarfS Oiw soup tureen. 1 covered Tegetable dab. J
.. Stinson make; our regular price Qfk^ *\u25a0-.-# c£ «— *^ Off^ 2 °P eo le***^ <£^". 2 pickle dishes. I *
$1.15; yard.. ....... UUC attti SUamS 35C cohered butterdish. 3platten, 12 »up plates. ?
Extra Quality Axmlnster Carper, . Another rousing value from our handsome 12 fufl size dinner plates, 12 full size dessert &
£ Bieelow& Smith makes; our t>% Cl B? new Art Needlework department, on second \u0084 ,-, \u0084 t-> •t- -i t i *2
i ZifapL $1.50; yard ! . $1*25 floor. Uwn and shams, unusually ™ Mace l 2 Gutter
£\u25a0 „ \u25a0 _ . _ \u25a0 , _ _. . pretty, designed in bhnd embroidered and <£sne». 12 tea cups and saucers fmm M
% Best Body Brussels Carpet. Bigelow- net effecto . worth at ]eaat sOc each . 1 boit and stand. TTiis Jk */ SJ«
* Lowel and other makes; regu- d> | Q ff: to-day and Thursday also, if quantity lasts, »«t is a rare value at ... . . V?** ** S
J larlysl.6sandsl.7s;l a rly$l.65and$l.75; yard . each . - ..... ... ? . /350/ 35o p^ r stts ttt  to g
i Rich Gold £7^ •• Odd Steins j«
t '^ nIS ! 1> V CIOC J lS ±jffic/%44rJknfgMtt*r Have you ever riicd die \
k Many of the new Chnstma, ; iWs&C^L^f^Wir Sectioa of Ac crock =7 \
\ deagns now ready. The pret- 7?^^ ***£ l/VIVWW^ department? It's really worth ?
\ tiest yet. and you will marvel CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST-^^ w Jul e . The latest additions are "«
ALUMNI HOLD
A CELEBRATION
The alumni of St. Ignatius College had
last night of toe several devoted to the
celebration of the golden Jubilee of that
famous Catholic Institution of learning
as their own. -The exercises were held in
the college hall on Van Ness avenue,
which was packed to the doors. Several
eloquent speeches were delivered and they
all breathed love and praise for the alma
mater and for the system of education
pursued by her.
Judge. Jeremiah F. Sullivan was chair
man. The splendid college orchestra
rendered the musio, which had the swing
of a grand opera .symposium. Denis
O'Sulli van. an honored alumnus, sang.
• The- Rev. M. P. Dowllng, S. J.,'presi
dent of Crelghton College of . Omaha, de
livered an address ; which carried all the
graces of oratory, his- sonorous voice
falling musically upon his hearers. He
said that under the Jesuit system of edu-.
cation the i heart . and the mind were
trained In harmony. .He compared edu
cation: and the enlightening of the human
mind to the creation, when the world was
brought . out of chaos and the darkness
separated .from the". light. . Wherever a
graduate . of St. Ignatius went, he said,
he could be proud of his training and his
religion. .
. John F. Brooke spoke interestingly of
'the old and new college. The fifty, years
of St. Ignatius history had been fifty
years of glory, he' said, and he expressed
a prophecy of her eternal greatness. The
mention of the names of .^veil-known in
structors of the* faculty brought pro
longed : cheers. '
Stanislaus A. Riley, speaking on "The
College of , the Future," drew a picture
of ; St. Ignatius' ; coming greatness when
departments of law, medicine and the
arts should be added; v beneficent laws
had removed the burden of taxation from
her ''and .''she numbered her students by
the thousands. r
Dr. James F. Smith", whose subject was
"Catholic College - Men and the Profes
sions," compared the elective system .of
college education and the '"more general
Christian^ education given by the Jesuits.
He said \u25a0 the " former was ; likely ; to pro
duce a narrowness of mind, while. the lat
ter fitted the graduate for the ' broadest
work.;—'"' '. -} - \u25a0\u25a0.•- \u25a0':\u25a0 \u25a0'. * : --. .
, Eustace Cullinan spoke forcibly on "The ,
College and the Citizen," Edward ' F.
Q'Day- read an original-; poem, "Alma
Mater": ; Arthur Weiss' rendered a.•violon
cello solo', and" the Elks'* quartet sang.
VThe officers "'of the 'Alumni ;, Society or
St. Ignatius College are: ]
President/ Hon. J.F. Sullivan, 'TO; . rice*
president.- John B. Fogarty, '75; honorary vica
president*, - Henry P. Bowie. ' 63: John r ; A.
Hicks. '71; James -D. i Phelan;' '81:' Leo ;C.
Lennon. 'DO: Edward F.O'Day, .'oo; "secretary.
Dr Milton B. Lennon.; '97; : treasurer.* Luke J.
Flynn Executive -.- committee — John \u25a0 E.
Fttzpatrick. John " L.." Mulrenln. '06; ' Albert M.
Whittle. V7B: . John F. Brooke, '82; Charles .W.
Sweigert. "03: Francis C. Cleary, '79.
TIES THE HANDS
OF THE UNION
CHICAGO, Oct. 17.— The injunction is
sued last week restraining the members
of Typographical Union. No. 16 from In
terfering with the -firms composing the
Chicago Typothetae during the present
strike of the union printers, by means
of pickets or otherwise, was, sustained
to-day by Judge Holdom In the Superior
Court, In a decision which classes the
attempt of the Typographical "Union to
force' a contract for an eight-hour day
and for a closed shop upon the employers
as unlawful. ;
In i speaking of the demand for a con
tract for a closed shop and an eight
hour day which brought about the pres
ent troupe between the union and the
printing concerns. Judge Holdom said:
The foundation of .the strike in this cas* is
tha union contract demanding; a closed shop
and an eight-hour day. Both the closed shop
and eight-hoar day are •unlawful* when It Is
NINTtt AND MARKET" STREETS
Last Days of Carpet Remnaint Sale
Regular Prices Reduced More Than Half y
Many appreciative purchasers are availing themselves of,
these Remnant offerings. Until Saturday, only four days
more, we- offer choice lots of Carpet Short Lengths at the
following unusually low prices:
Plain Wilton Velvets, in sufficient quantities to carpet a fair-
sized room; regularly $2.25 a yard; now offered at #t a yard
Lofrell and - Blicelow - Body Brussels, in sufficient quantities to
carpet:a fair sized room; regularly $l.so a yard; now of-
fered at — ...... ... SI a yard
Three-Plys and Plain Ingrain*. In sufficient quantities to car-
pet a fair sized room; regularly Jl a yard; now,, offered
at. ."..".... \u25a0-..'\u25a0 SOc a yard -
Tapestry Brussels. Body Bruanels. Wilton and Axmlnster
Remnants. 1 to 10 yards in length SOe a yard
Plain Color Axmlnxtrr Remnant*, 1 to 10 yards in length, all
V" colors; regularly $2.25 a -yaid; now offered at .'.SOc \u25a0 yard
Xotet The above Carpets with novelty -9-inch Borders; regu-
larly $1. 25 a yard. -and now 50c a yard.. make up into excel-
lent Rugs and; Runners. •
-Wilton - and Axnilnster . Border Samples, about "4 % feet In
length;' regulaily $2' to $5 a. yard; now, offered at TSe caeh
Imported Wilton and Axmlnster Rubs .{3 by 6 feet), regularly
sold for $10 to $20; now offered at........... ....$5
Ansrora Goatskin R«k» (all sizes), regularly sold for $3 to
.. $15; now 1 offered at, . . . ...:'.-...... — . -. . . .'. . .sOe to S3 \u25a0
Thirty: Carpet Sweepers (Victorias. Diamonds, Standards and
Ohios). regulary $3:" now offered at 91
? ESTABLISHED IN SAJT FRANCISCO 185*.
attempted to force an •mployer to *nt«i
aaainst his win.
The Injunction as it stands restrains
the union and its members from Inter
fering with the business or employes of
the complainant firms, either by attempt-
Ing to dissuade the employes from work
ing or by sending out circulars to tae
customers of the firms, asking them to
boycott the strike-bound houses.
SHOWER OF MOLTEX METAL
DESCENDS UPON' WORKMEN
One Person Killed and Several Serious*
ly Injured at Illinois Steel
Works.
CHICAGO. Oct. 17. — Five tons of
molten metal exploded to-day at .the
Joliet plant of the Illinois Steal Com
pany, falling in a shower of dsath on
a group of workman about the con
verter. One man is flead, three are fa
tally burned and half a dozen Injured
so badly that they may die. Many oth
ers suffered severe burns on their feet
and hands.
- The explosion shook the plant, send
ing panic Into every corner of the great
works. Half a hundred ' men were
within ran are of the liquid metal. Tfie
shrieks of the injured were heard all'
over the grounds.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
TELLS HOW
BOYCOTTING
WAS WAGED
Vice Consul Arnold Writes
Very Interesting^ Letter
to President Wheeler hi
Regard to Chinese Trade
«
GAYS EMPIRE WAS
SINGULARLY UNITED
Intense Feeling Was Abated
as Result of Assurances
From America of Milder
Exclusion Requirements
BERKELEY, Oct. 17.— Important and
Taluabie light is thrown upon the ques
tion of the boycott by Chinese of
American goods in a letter from
Julian Arnold. Vice Consul at
Shanghai, received by President
Benjamin Itie Wheeler of the State Un
lvcr.sity. Arnold graduated from the uni
versity in I>.i2. He was a protege of
Professor John Fryer, tiie head of the
dtpartment of Oriental languages at the
university, and partly through Professor
Fryer's influence was made a Govern
ment official in China, stationed at
Shanghai. His opportunities for observ
ing ' the workings of the now celebrated
boycott, in which American trade was
•eriously affected, were of the best, and
be has embodied a description of the boy
•cott that constitutes, in the opinion of
the university authorities, a valuable
contribution on the subject. The letter
Is as follows:
Dear President Wheeier: Knowing that you
are interested in affairs in China and feeling
that I am In a uecuii&rly favorable position
to keep io touch with changing conditions, I
take this opportunity to write a few Ifnes
cerctrning the "boycott."
Three months ajo all threats of a boycott
en the part of the Chinese were regarded as
unworthy of serious consideration. The Chl-
Be?=e had never before 6hown any disposition
to fa:: In line and kee;> ttep. so a united
China was almost beyond the comprehension
of even the oldest forfign residents. In ordet
to make a boycott effrctiv* united a<Mion it
necessary. V.'ho wou'.d have btlieved that It
were possible for the Chinese merchants, stu
dents. Rentry and common populace to lay
•tide personal interests and with one accord
jcin a common cause? When on the 20th
day of Juiy. the day set for the boycott ti
go into effect. te>Kram= poured into Shanghai
from all over China, etating that the outports
had fallen into line, then it began to look as
though a united CJiina were a reality.
MOVEMENT WIDESPREAD.
The native press, the student organizations
and the guilds were the prtrae factors in bring
ing about unity of action. Public meetings,
attended by women ac well as by men, ad
<Jre«*ed by merchants, students and gentry,
placards posted everywhere, reciting the harsh
and cruel tre&tnitct dealt out to Chinese in :
America <£nd grossly exaggerated), appealing
to the people to retaliate by refusing to tradt
in American f-.-V.s and likening those who d&
trade in such goods to do^s. pigs and turtles;
newspapers publishing letters from all over the
empire, as mU as from Chinese in America,
alto issuing lists of goods, trade marks and
firms to be boycotted, and themselves refusing
to carry American advertisements; also giv
ing full accounts of all public meetings,
pamphlets, circulars and ftudent publications
cent broadcast all over China, reciting the
necessity for a united retaliation; resolutions
passed by local chambers of commerce, regu
lating- »sji and means of effecting the boy
cott and pledee* signed by business house,
havinp dealings with American firms renounc
ii:fr all sffh connections : these were the Sn
etruments hlch rendered the boycott a reality.
The American business houses are unanimous
in their declaration that business was at an
• bkolute standetin frcm the -'"'th of July until
w ith'ji two v. r eks ago. when the atmosphere
beean to *=hew slcns of a chaneje for the better
A.n imperial edict Ueucd about the first of
F*p«mher. ordering the officials throughout
China to exhort the people to resume their
business relations with America, now that
America has assured China that the means to
effect a maty which will insure proper treat
ment to tlie Chinese in the future; the signing
ct the RusfO-Ja pa nese treaty of peace; the de
ftructten of en enormous quantity cf Atr.ericsn
r r -oi>. held in the warehouses on account of
the. bo><-ott.' by a tidal inundation; the enor
mous losses suffered by the Chinese merchants
on account of the "tightening" of the money
market incident to the t)Ofcott " (ten million
dollars' worth of American cotton goods wtre
in warehouses no: allowed to be touched en
accpunt of the boycott, while thirty millions
more were- contracted for future delivery);
these, then, were the .factor* which made tor
the breaking of the boycott. •;'..''-
I firmly believe that no single one of these
factors in itself could heve been "flffctive. The
boycott bad got «>ntire!y beyond the control of
the respcr.s'ible classes, those who had financial
interests at stake, ir.to the hands of the stu
dent class, end fr»r a long time Jt locked ac
though «everer measures on the part of our
Goverr.Tr.cr.t would have to be resorted to.
COXniTIOXS IMPROVING.
Although th* boycott le by no mean* «iis
polled, yet conditions are gradually adjusting
tiierafctlves in tuch a way as to make it iook
a though It will not be long er e the boycott
Is relegated to the pages of history
America has a'.tvaye been China's friend.
W« all point with pride to the po'ley pursued
by our late lamented Secretary of State in re
lation to China. He ohamplored the "open
door." «n<! it wa» through his efforts that the
lßtegrlty of China has been preserved. "WTi'le
this policy Is one which gu&rantfpc to. China
the falreet possible treatment on the part of a
foreign power, it Is the only* or.c which mean*
protection to our- comnrercial interests in
China. Our commercial interests in China are
rapidly expanding, and. it behooves us to do
nothing which may interfere with this growth
The most important e>rr»€nt in the 'utura
growth and progress of China Is the student
class. China has always recognized the effl
cecy of learning, end ehe now recognises the
\u2666fflcacy of Western learning. . Chinese students
returning from Western Institutions of leamine
are filling positions as eecretaries to \icercva
rover.iors and usctai*. It will not be mam'
years before these young men are themselves
holding thrsc- important post* China each year
•end* Increasing numbers of young men to
foreign land* to be educated. Recently many
Of these have been sent to Japan. Germany
end Belgium are making especial Induce-ne^ti
to receive these students. .
They all know that the influences brought to
bear upon these student* during their eojijurnii
abroad will town ifcuch to do with their att<
tuo> toward these nations after their return
to China and their appointments to official
RATIONAL TREATMENT
\u25a0"" OF
Stomach Diseases
Mtimt:
Discard Ir\|urious Drugs
A Harmless, Powerful Germicide
Enioruiby Leading Physicians.
Send twenty-five cents to pay postare
on Free Trial Bottle. Sold by lading
druggists.lip3Bg|p
/O A A * \u25a0 .
\J 6 flv^Jl — it -i j.
'^0 —
610 PRINCE ST., NEW YORK.
Wbti k>« Free Booklet oh R atjonw. Trcatkcnt
of Disease.
WILL NOT ACT
AS REGISTRAR
County Recorder Grim Says
if Fees Are Withheld Work
3[ust Be Done by Others
SENDS NOTICE TO STATE
Takes Issue With District
Attorney as to Effect of
Law in Making the Office
* OAKLAND. Oct. 17.— The county wi|l
have to foot the bills for the registering
of births, marriages and deaths or the
work will not be done, is the answer of
County Recorder Grim to the turning
down of his claim" for fee* by the Board
of Supervisors on the advice of the Dis
trict Attorney. He wrote a letter to the
State Registrar to-day, in which he told
him that he would continue the work
until some action could be taken to keep
it going, but that he expected something
U> be done by the end of the month.
And In this connection County Recorder
Grim says:
Aiamada County Is the only one out of flfty
two count!e« that has refused to pay these
fees. Under the 'new law tt makes m« reg
istrar of deaths, births ana mtrrlaees, and It
ha-- not the yower to do it. I appointed a
deputy to do this work, which he does at
eights end I shall see to It that he gets pay
lor what he does or I shall not aek him to
do !t. The law provides that this work shall
be paid for, but ihe District Attorney decides
that I am not entitled to pay. for tne reason
that It would increase my salary. This I deny
for I would not set a cent of it and it would
sin.j.>iy go for the payment of a new officer
created by th* last Legislature.
What action the State officers will take
in regard to the matter remains to be
seen. County Recorder Grim, howeve*-,
says that he is determined that he will
not have It done free of charge for the
county, and makes the further point that
the office of Registrar is a new «fflce
created by the last Legislature, and while
he is named for the position he cannot
be made to accept it.
STUDENTS NOT TO
BE "BAWLED OUT"
President Wheeler Prevents
Proposed Plan to Shame
Delinquent Folk.
BERKELEY, Oct. 17.— President Wheel
er does not look with favor upon the idea
of students being "bawled out." as goes
the college phrase, when they have failed,
for any reason, to .pay their assessment
of $5 for the Blue and Gold annual which
the junior class publishes each year.
Manager A. C. Hastings, who handles
the finances of the Blue and Gold, recent
ly Issued a notice, which the college pa
pers printed, informing all concerned that
failure to promptly pay the $5 assessment
would result in the printing of the names
of delinquents on the campus billboards
and elsewhere.
President Wheeler took cognizance of
the matter, sent for Manager Hastings
and gently but firmly informed him that
the proposed "bawling out" of delin
quents would not be permitted. Hastings
assured the president that an over-zeal
ous assistant was responsible for the
faux pas and the incident closed. CvV
TESTIFY AGAINST Mc3IULLE.\.
OAKLAND, Oct. 17. — It transpired to
day that there was a great difference
between the Finance Committee of the
Board of Supervisors and C. S. McMul
len as to the report he made to the
committee in regard to work he per
formed and for which he is now suing
the "county for $20,000. He alleges that
he told Supervisor Kelly about his
work and that other data was furnished
Supervisor Homer and that Supervisor
Rowe also had cognizance of what he
was doing. \u25a0 • f • * \" ';' _\u25a0?\u25a0/\u25a0\u25a0**';
These three Supervisors were each
placed on the stand to-day and swore
that tney did not remember any report
ever having been made to them by Mc-
Mulleru McMullen is suing for half the
fees for discovering property left off
the assessment rolls. After the testi
mony had been taken the matter was
submitted to Judge Ellsworth upon
briefs. .-^a
MARIUAGE LICENSES.— OakIand. Oct. 17.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
by the County Clerk to-day: Augustus C
Eisen. S3, Goldfield, and Loya H. Wright, 20,
Berkeley.-* Gerhard E. Stlefvater, 33, Alameda,
and Ida E. Wanser. SO, Oakland; Peter J.
Denny. 37.- San Francisco, and Caroline- 11.
Caricof. 31. Oakland; Henry D. Buckmann, 23,
Sacramento, and Barbara M. Parsons. 24, ¥?an
Francisco: Charle* Splndler. 33, Oakland and
Lucille Streeter. 21. Saglnaw. Mich.; Philip
A. N'lles. 20. Dutch Flat, and Amelia L. Sock
er. 22. Berkeley; Charles \V. Renfro, 23. Ma
dera, and Margaret I. Shipe, 21, Berkeley;
Charle* F. Shaw, 37. San Jose, and Eva
White, 40. Berkeley; William A. nhoden, 31,
Sacramento, and Ella M. Bergqueet, 21, Oak
land; Samuel Alexander, 80. Oakland and Sa
rah Owens. 27, Berkeley.
positions. American influence in the educa
tional work In China Is paramount. Not many
months -go at an educational conference in
Shanghai it was stated by one who knew that
!>O per cent of the educational work carried
on by foreigners in China is done by Ameri
cans. Naturally the Chinese look to Aderica
as the. fountain of learning, and for many
years America received the largest quota of
her students goln? abroad. - .
What docs this mean? It simply means
that when these American educated Chinese
youth* return to China and are appointed to
oHicial positions, their attitude toward prob-
Urn* having to do with America will be, in
a creat measure. Influenced by the impres
sions which they had received abroad. Would
it not be wise on the part of America If,
for no other reason than purely commercial
reasons, to offer special Inducements to these
prorpectlve rulers of Cblna?
When they arrive in San Francisco or Se
attle, they should be met at the dock by a
committee specially appointed to receive them.
They should then be Introduced by the com
mittee to a bit of America's hospitality. Every
facility should be placfd in their hands where
with to choos* the best that America may
have to offer In the way of educational ad
vantages.
Such treatment as this would result In the
moet effective kind of. missionary work. The
students would then return to China thorough
ly Impressed by the excellent advantage ac
corded them while In America and I dare
say. It would have much to do with the atti
tude they might In the future assume when
dealing with Americans either In an official
or In a commercial capacity.
I believe it in the Intention of the Govern
ment when making a new exclusion treaty to
provide that passports when properly stamped
ty a Chinese official and vl«d by an Ameri
can consular official are to be priroa' facie
evidence of right to entry. This will do much
toward eliminating many of the objectionable
features obtaining in the present system. There
is no reason why this cannot be done, even
though It may necessitate appointing a special
commissioner to fee attached to the consulate
at «on\f Important port In China, aa Shanghai.
I have no doubt that the American people are
now sufficiently awakened to the necessities of
this problem to Insure a wise solution of all
«uch questions Incident thereto
*» A .J! ew ,f£ a .h. ha * *»*»«» -la China. China has
for the first time shown the world that she can
unite when toe occasion demands. This is a
factor which must needs be considered in
future dealing* with her. It is certainly a
hopeful to The omy flanKM . ,, ci , '£*
EpopElbie leadership. Bo long as the new
united China can count upon strong responsible
leaders Just co long may she hope to accom
plish things. But woe be to the day when this
mighty ho* fall, in the Hn» betun^ unprln
ciolea. irresoonmbl* leader* p
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY,; OGTORER 18, 1905.
HIDES HIS WOUND
TO AVOID SCOLDING
Boy Shot yonv on Sunday Suffers Two
LJcxyo 111 A-Jicral Fain.
BULLET PIERCES ONE OF HIS FEET
OAKI.AND. Ofit. 17. — Fearing punish
ment because he had gone out hunting
on- Sunday agrainst the commands of
his motherl Oliver Harris/ the 13-year
old son of Mrs. L F. Harris of 263
Tenth street, for two dayH bore the pain
of a bullet hole through his foot rather
than confess to his mother that he had
been disobedient. \u0084
It was only when the pain became so
great that ho could nor. place his foot
on the ground thut ho told of his In
jury, :md then he said that he, had
stepped on a nail. When the wound
was dressed at. the Receiving- Hospital,
however, the boy confessed to the sur
geons that the holu in his foot had been
made by a bullet last Sunday. \u25a0 \u25a0\u0084 *
On that day early in the morning
Oliver asked his mother If he could jro
hunting: with George Guild, who Jives
with his parents at Eleventh and Web
ster streets, but was told that he could
not go on Sunday. Disregarding his
mother's command, -.he slipped from the
house and went out to the Berkeley
hills .with young Guild and another boy.
About 11 o'clock the trio sjit down to"
rest, laying their only firearm, a 22
caliber rifle, on a fence. J
Harris *>aw. a bird in the brush/and
in his hurry to get the gun knocked It
from the fence, and as it struck the
ground the- weapon was discharged, the
bullet piercing the boy's left foot and.
inflicting a painful wound. Oliver
walked nearly five miles to the neareat
car line, and on arriving home said
nothing about the accident, and it was
not until 8 o'clock last night that his
mother noticed that he was limping and
asked him the cause. The rest of th«s
story Is best told In the boy's own
words: \u25a0
"When I wrp first shot the hole In my
foot did not hurt at all. and it stopped,
bleedinsr In a few minutes: so I thought
I would not' tell my mother, because I
thought she would whip me for going
hunting alter ?he told me not to. I
didn't say anything about being hurt
until last night, and then I told my
mother that I had stepped on a nail.
"Mamma took me to the hospital, and
after th£ doctor looked at the place
where the bullet hit me he said the hole
was not made by a nail, and then I tolil
them how It happened."
The wound ip the boy's foot was bad
ly infected from the long neglect, and
the hospital surgeons fear that blood
poisoning may pet in. They say, how
ever, that unless this happens there Is
no danger.
tey to Identify
andrews' paramoue
Police Try to Fathom Secret
of the .Newspaper
Picture.
BERKELEY, Oct. 17.— Attempts of the
police to establish the Identification of a
newspaper picture of Julian Ward as the
female companion of Milton Andrews
were continued to-day, when Mrs. A. M.
Roberts, who owns the house occupied
by Andrews and the -woman at 2214 Ells
worth street, was asked to «ay whether
the picture of Julian Ward . resembles
the woman who accompanied -Andrews to
Berkeley. .';\u25a0;. >
Mrs. Roberts was not able to positively
identify the picture, saying, as did Wil
liam Ellis and S. B. Kentfleld yesterday,
that the picture resembled the Andrews
woman \ slightly, but could hardly be re
garded as a likeness.
Marshal Vollmer has hot at any time
believed that the Julian Ward certainly
is the woman who 1b with Andrews, but
has worked upon this particular clew,
as upon others, with the intention of
overlooking no source of information
that might serve to identify Andrews'
"wife."
Mrs. Roberts informed the police to
day that the woman who was with An
drews ' was slightly stoop shouldered,
walked with toes turned in, wore her
clothes with but little grace, and was a
thorough slave of Andrews, cooking and
washing constantly for him.
Marshal Vollmer informed the hospital
people who are caring for Ellis that he
will make no attempt to detain Ellis
when the latter has recovered sufficiently
to" be moved. Vollmer beliej/es Ellis to
be nothing more than one of ' Andrews',
victims, stating positively his conviction
that Ellis was a dupe and not an accom
plice of Andrews, in the latter^ murder*
ous, thieving- plans.
DISTURBS JUjDGE AND
IS SENT TO JAIL
Mrs. Alma Neuman Scores
. Justice and Is Taken
Into .Custody.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 17.— Mrs. : Alma Neu
man of Fruitvale visited the Justice of the
Peace in . the. City, Hall to-day: to obtain
warrants for the -arrest -of two young
men, who, she claimed, snatched her
purse containing forty dollars and a gold
watch after the trio had: left the salorgi
"of J, H. Sornmers at Bay Station last
night While in the '<\u25a0 courtroom the
woman was -herself placed under Arrest
because of the disturbance she raised
when Justice BY 8. Cone refused to issue
the warrants owing to the Intoxicated
condition of the .applicant.
After being confined in a cell until she
was sober, Mrs. Neuman was released
upon six dollars bail and taken to her
home by her husband in a hack. -While
the woman was aprinsoner a messenger
boy came to the Police station with : her
gold : watch and $16 15, which he said" he
had been requested -to deliver to Mrs.
Neuman* by G. .A, : Ohme.
MA YOU WANTS CREMATORY.
OAKLAND," Oct 17— Mayor Mdtt and
members of [ the : : Oakland \u25a0 City ' Council
have begun a campaign with an idea of
securing the' crematory 7of ;the Pacific
Incinerating Company; at .Twenty-sixth
and Magnolia .streets for \u25a0 the city. v : To
this. end a meeting "of city officers; and
representatives of the city will be held
this week, f- . \u25a0 \u0084
Kver since a franchise wa3 granted
to the company, there has; been trouble
over.- the disposal of garbage and many
arrests of ;; scavengers ;; have , - resulted.*
Recently an agreement was reached be
tween the scavengers 'andithe Incinerat
ing 'company,' but^ Mayor -Mott* believes
that the proper. solution : of the difficulty
will be ,* for, the * city ito i acquire \u25a0" the
crematory and operate: it.
: . PLEADS GUILTY .TO ; THEFT.— Oakland.
Oct. 17. — H. Grlzzard, ; colored, v employed . as a
cook !n the dlnlngr-car, service; of the Southern
Pacific Company. * this moraine- pleaded | euilty
to having stolen a quantity of. silverware from
some; or the can. He" will be , sentenced : to
morrow -\u25a0•;.•' " .-\u25a0-\u25a0 -. '- ;\u25a0-\u25a0./ .-- \u25a0-.>:--;.'".T' : .'T \u25a0*"•" "' \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0-\u25a0 ' i; c -\u25a0-":-- 1 --''
BRINGING TIES
FOR NEW ROAD
Western Pacific Is Rush
ing Preparations for Work
of Constructing Line
OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— While the di
rectors of the Western Padflo Railroad
have not yet made public the rout* of
the road from the city limits of Oak
land to Nlles, the ' preparations for
starting the work of construction are
being rushed and ties are being dis
charged at the wharves of Boole's ship
yards at the foot of Adeline street.
The company has no wharf on' its
water front property, but the ties are
being discharged at ithe Boole wharves
and are rapidly . being transferred to
the adjoining property of the company.
Already the company has secured
rights of way to Niles, but the exact
route between that town and Oakland
has not yet been decided upon and
great interest has been aroused among
the residents of this section of the
county. Persistent rumors that the
company has purchased " the Derby
tract; extending from Park street to
Fruitvale avenue and from Division
street to East Fourteenth street, are
denied by B. M. Derby, president of
the Derby Estate Company, who sa4d
to-day:
We own seventy acres Just outside the city
limits, but we have never been approached
by any authorized agent of the railroad com
pany. No deal for the property has been
made, but the company's engineers - have run
lines in all directions through the property.
Lines have been run even through the land on
which my home stands. We know as little
about the company's plans as any one else.
J. T. Williams, engineer of the West
ern Pacific for this division, has estab
lished headquarters in the Abrahamson
building at Thirteenth and Washing
ton streets, and he has half a dozen
assistants at work on ( the plans and
grades. These engineers are continu
ing to make surveys In .all directions
between ' Nlles and the city limits of
Oakland. , .
NOVEMBER DAYS
BRING SUMMER
WORK TO LIGHT
ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE
OALAND. Oct. 17. — During the summer the
studio is deserted and • Its . occupant revels in
nature's loveliness, in sunny mountain glades.
In shadowy forests or beside ever-changing sea.
But when the year glides into gray Novem
ber, the haunts of art are once more busy
scenes — etudlo doors ' are ~ thrown open and
lovers of. the beautiful are privileged to en-
Joy the gems plucked from nature's breast by
her gifted children. . ...
Among the Oakland, artists who have been
away for several months is Miss De Neale
Morgan. She spent the summer at Carmel-by
•tha-Sea. where so many of the "people who do
things" were assembled- this year, and has
brought back a large j number of canvases.
Miss Morgan is a great favorite in Oakland,
and the exhibit she la planning to give soon
is of much interest. Her • sketches will be
exhibited under the auspices 'of the Palette.
Lyre and Pen Club, of which she is a mem
ber, and the display will be open to the pub
lic for one week, beginning November 13.
Mrs. M. Fancber Pettis is also recently re
turned from * San Jose and vlelnlty, not only
with a number of new pictures, but covered
with glory. Mrs. Pettis Is particularly happy
In depleting the great -redwoods so dear to
those familiar with their beauty, and the suc
cess of her exhibit of paintings In the Garden
City recently was a nattering tribute to her
skill. :
On December 4, S and 6, five ' clever Cali
fornia girls will give an : art exhibit In \u25a0\u25a0 the
rooms of the Palette, Lyre and Pen Club that
wili be of more than • ordinary interest. The
.young women are Miss Edith Minor. Miss Jes
sie Wlllard, Miss Grace Graham, Miss Xonette
McGlashan and Mies 'Anita P. Minor. Their
display will be rather unique in character, con
sisting of art leather work, sketches in water
color and oil. book-cover designs, portrait
busts in marble and artistic bookbinding — all
the individual work of their own skilled fin
gers and brains. • \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 : —--v.
\u25a0 • • • .
A , fashionable ; crush, Including guests from
both sides of the bay, invaded the attractive
East Oakland home .of Mrs. : Samuel \u25a0 Cheyney
to-day, her "at home" from' 3 to 5 calling
together one of the season's most brilliant as
semblages. In the • receiving party were ' Mrs."
Harry Knowles. . Mrs. James >G. Allen, Miss
Amy McKee, Miss Florrine Brown, Mrs..Sam
uel Hubbard Jr., Mrs. : William H. Morrison.
Miss Violet Whitney. ' Mrs. 1/ B. Williams, Mrs.
John R. Qlascock, Mrs. '.'Alexander Baldwin,
Mrt, Charles B. Wheeler, .Mrs. A. E. Taylor,
Mrs. Richard Bayne, Mrs. Frank Wilson.* :
. . . • . ...•-. •\u25a0..•,\u25a0\u25a0. ...
; With four weddings ' on the calendar, a
"birthday tea'! : at Mrs.Rees Thompson's, Pro
fessor Stephens' \u25a0 talk at Ebell and St. Mary's
Bazaar in progress all day, there will be rest
for neither the \u25a0 devotee - of \u25a0 fashion ,nor - the
worker in charity's cause.'. Other events, too.
are on \u25a0 the way that promise no . cessation . in
the week's^ gayety. v Ml?s , Carrie Sutton will
entertain a card party Thursday in honor of
Miss Edith ' Downing, and the same day will
brtcg the Home ; . Club luncheon : and \ attendant
muslcale. ;..'-':\u25a0 . „::•'\u25a0 .\u25a0',-.'\u25a0• ; .
.The "tea" on Friday at the Farnum home,
although a ' benefit \u25a0 affair, : will be : one of > the
week's* smartest 'events. Many ' pf : the .- most
prominent : society women •in • Oakland •- are in
terested In j Us . success, being directors lin f the'
beneficiary, .the West; Oakland Free" Kinder
| garten, and several clever amateur musicians;
Including Mre. Edward. Lacy Br«yton..Mrs.
| Harry Alderson, Mrs. Roland Letts Oliver and
Miss Crisslr Taft, are preparing < a pro
gramme of Instrumental and vocal music.
-'. \u25a0 ' \u25a0 \u25a0• \u25a0 • \u25a0 • \u25a0 •.;."-'" \u25a0*;-\u25a0' •'-'. '-;\u25a0 "•;-'- •> \
Among others who are ;. preparing to I. be
'hostesses at an early date are, Mrs. 'George I M.-
Shaw, -Mrs. Gerrltt" Livingston Lansing,' Mrs.
A. L Stone and -Mrs. .; E.? J.- Boyes and, her
sister, Mrs. : Ernest Boyes,* who :wlll: entertain
Jointly at an elaborate card affair next Thurs
day. Mrs. Stone's card party will also be on
Thursday. \u25a0<\u25a0.:< .". '\u25a0-'-\u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0-' -.-.«\u25a0,• v
Among the ' automoblllsts who' enjoyed a
run to Byron Hot Springs -last week: were Mr.,
and Mrs. H. Ramsay of Berkeley and the John
Charles Adamses of this -city. .vMrs.r Henry
Wetherbee •of Fruitvale ; ; was a ; guest </ at •< the
hotel for a few. days. ' ' - .v :
I-r H. C. ~ Taf t; : Newton * Koser ; and \ Woodcroffe
Garth waite - were - passengers on the, Mariposa
: to-day,: bound - for .Tahiti. 'They . will be ; away
about a month. :\u25a0 •" . \u25a0 / ; . .-\u25a0:'
\u25a0!""\u25a0 •. \u25a0'\u25a0 '• .-.*\u25a0-.•-'-\u25a0: ';*\u25a0:, •\u25a0\u25a0;.<•':,/', -'•. . "• -.: - : .;
• To offset 'the youngl Reßubllcan that " - ap
peared at 'the Mendenhall • domicile I last Satur
day, John J. McDonald, the .well-known ' attor-*
ney, . is "buying. on account the : embryo Dem
ocrat ; that i registered at ' his home i this - morn-
Ing. \u25a0; -\u25a0 :-;-..• "\u25a0 \u25a0 i- :.,.-- ..-'; -. --. .'\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 '•
Brown - Horde !\u25a0 Ponrf nir ; In.'
.^WORCESTER/; Mass.'. Oct. 17.-^-Fig
ures; submitted \u25a0• at : a : missionary :; gath-,
erlng- here > to-dayl showed .that while
the v; number of£ Chinese ron"? the I Pacific
slopel was steadily; decreasing/ itheTJap-'
anese^were '[ pourings In like 'a l! ~ flood."
The V Japanese^ In": the v'Paclflc : A States
must /now 2 number >*close to -100,000.
INJURED MAN
IS SENTECED
Student Burglar Found Sane
,by Jury and Given Three-
Year Terrii at Sari Qiieiitiri
MOEE DEAD THAN ALIVE
With Portion His Braiii
Torn Away Earle Sargent
• Sits and Listens to Trial
OAKLAND, Oot 17.— More dead than
alive, JSarle , A; Sargent, " the university
student burglar, was brought into
count Jhis morning and tried by a jury
for his sanity and found mentally, com
petent \u25a0 He was immediately sentenced
by Judge Henry Melvin to serve three
years at, San Quen tin prison on the
old charge, on .which he was a proba
tioner when ha committed his last
crime.. His trial was made necessary
by- reason of £he*. f act * thait in his cap
ture ,he was shot In the head and a
part of the brain torn away and. the
point was raised by Attorney Redmond
Staats that he was not sane and could
not be sent to. prison In "that condition.
The law provides that where a pris
oner's sanity is called. into question he
must be tried before a Jury before sen
tence can be passed, and It was ito sat
isfy this requirement that a Jury was
Impaneled and the question submitted
to it. He will be taken now as quickly
as possible to San Quentin, where there
Is a hospital and where he can receive
the proper care and attention which
are lacking In the County Jail here.
His mother, an aged lady, watched
the proceedings with Interest and also
her son. who -sat almost In an uncon
scious condiUon in a; chair, with head
bandaged and .eyes closed, apparently
without any appreciation of what was
,taklng place about him.
PEACE TKEATY IS
; PROFESSOR'S SUBJECT
Bernard Moses Discusses Pos
sible Effects of | japan's \u25a0
War With Russia.
BERKELEY, Oct. 17.— Professor Ber
nard Moses, former Philippine Commis
sioner, now a distinguished member of
the university faciulty, addressed the col
lege of commerce last night upon the
subject of the Russo-Japanese treaty.
His conclusions were expressed as fol
lows:
The treaty Is especially Important in that It
opens up a new phase of Oriental politics. -The
question now is, 'NVhat will result when Japan
learns her own strsAth? Conquest breeds fur
ther conquest. :. Japan now has a wonderful op
portunity for conquest. •
Whether, we consider the relations between
the different races in India,. Java, the Philip
pines, or the Southern States, there is every
where essentially the same problems present
ed; and when > the greater freedom of inter
course Is established between the United States
and the Japanese another; phase of the same
problem will be brought to the attention of the
inhabitants of European ; descent in America.
Thus.- while a3 a result of the war the "white
peril" no longer looms for. the Chinese or the
Japanese on their horizon, the peoples of the
West are brought face to race as never before
with the far-reaching and undetermined issues
involved in the closer relations of Europeans
and Asiatics.
"WICKSOJT TO EXAMINE SITES.
BERKELEY, Oct. 17.— President
Wheeler and Professor E. J. Wickson,
who are members of the State commis
sion appointed to select a site for the
pathological experiment station in
Southern California, returned from Los
Angeles last night. The last Legisla
ture appropriated $30,000 for the pur
pose of establishing: this station. A
commission to choose a site was ap
pointed, consisting of Governor- Par
dee, President Wheeler and Professor
Wickson. The "commission, met last
week in Los Angeles and listened to
representations made by various pub
lic bodies interested in the matter and
to citizens who had sites they desired
to have considered. * A tour of these
places was made by the commission. :
The result of the commission's meet-
Ing was a decision" to put the" matter
of passing, upon the titles and other
features of the, various sites offered
into Professor Wickson's hands, to in
vestigate and report later to the com-"
mission. No time was set for the next
meeting. Professor Wickson will go
south next week to begin his work.
ISAAC REftUA'S WILL FILED.
OAKLAND, Oct. 17. — The omission of
a single small piece of property from
the trust deed made by Isaac L. Requa
before his death conveying all his
property to Mark L.' Requa and W. W.
Garthwaite, :as (trustees for his -wife
and during. her life, haa made it^neces
saryi to file the will of the late capi
talist for probate. It providos that all
the. property of .the decedent shall be
divided among,the widow, and two chil
dren, the former to ' receive a half,, of
the property, and each of the flatter
to, receive an equal share of the re
mainder.
Mrs. , Sarah Jane • Requa, , Mrs. , Amy
Requa Long, the wife pf General Oscar
F. Long and Mark L. Requa are named
as the executrices and executor of the
will. Two; other small; bequests, are
made to the brother. James M. Requa.
and the 'sister, Mrs. Eliza J. Hodgson.
The will was signed on March 7, 1,899.'
IVILL BHIXG HACK ELOPKRS.
OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— Henry A. Logan,
who.on last Wednesday eloped from
this city; with. 16 -yeafr-p^d Ethel Cook
and was captured yesterday in Med
ford, Or., will be brought back for trial
as soon as requisition .papers can be
made out. The complaint and warrant
are 'now, in the hands of the District
Attorney.
Tho warrant charges Logan v. with 1
having •; unlawfully, enticed away J from
her ; home a minor child, ! but ; as soon % as
the former church" "deacon Is "brought
back ' to Oakland a more seriouV charge
will be placed against him.;- The mother
of ' the girl, < Mrs.V Mary Ross, .Is thor-'
oughly aroused 'over : the dastardly act
of. the man who used'hisVosltion in the
phurch -to f her ;: daughter £ from
her, home," and she declares that she will
not rest until; he has been! placed In "'the'
penitentiary. \u25a0 v \u25a0;\u25a0 '--'V'!
BODY: OF HENRY IRVING /
CREMATED.: WITH . SECRECY
; LONDON,! Oct." 18.'— -At an - early hour
this : morning ! the body \of * Sir : Henry
Irving ,was removed in < great : secrecy to
a ~\ crematorium, 'the J name,' of \u25a0 4s
not given; [where it .wasf cremated. The
secrecy' surroundings the event was due :
to *-thei desire "f of the; family ;to avoid
publicity.' /,v.'. ''vv/^v,'-' /::,;- "-V;\ T>- ':-':'
;\u25a0; To-morrow night the ; ashes ? be
taken 1 to"; Westminster "Abbey, i where, . In
accordance;. with I custom, * they '.will ; He
In": St.^ Faith's \ Chapel until \ the ' funeral'
ceremony r on Friday. ' ' -
ORDERS RELEASE
OF MRS. MILLER
Woman Accused of Perjury
by Her Brother -in - Law
Given Freedom in Sauaslito
SPITE WORK IS ALLEGED
District Attorney Boyd Says
There Is Absolutely No
Foundation for Complaint
" Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALJTO. Oct. 17.— Mrs. Ella F.
Miller, who was arrested in San Fran
ciaco yesterday upon a complaint sworn
to by her ' brother-in-law, Henry F. A.
Miller, before Judge Pryor several days
ago, charging her with perjury, and re
leased last night by the police depart
ment upon a cash ball of $250 being de
posited by her friends, appeared before
Judge Pryor for arraignment to-day.
Judge Pryor, who would not have issued
the warrant j had he known that Judge
Magee of San Rafael Township had re^
fused one on the advice of District At
torney Boyd, . felt grieved over the mat
ter and told Mrs. MMler that the case
was continued indefinitely. He ordered
the : cash . bail returned to her and per
mitted her. to go on her own recogni
zance. District Attorney Boyd said this
evening:
The advisability of having Mrs. Miller ar
rested for perjury was discussed in my office
g( me time ago and I was urged to hare a
warrant issued. There Is nothing whatever
upon which to lay th« foundation for a crim
inal complaint and I flatly refused to sanction
the issuance of a warrant. Judge Magee re
fused to do so and Miller awaltjd the return
of Judge Pryor from the East to have him
issue one. I- bellev* it is \u25a0 a piece- of spite
work and I shall move for a dismissal ct tne
complaint. . . "\u25a0\u25a0
Judge Pryor said this afternoon:
If I had known that this man Miller lived
In Kentflelfl^and had applied to Judge Magee
for a warrant and been refused, I also would
have refuse* him one. If I had known
what I know about the case now, the war
rant would not have been Issued. I was under
the Impression . that Miller was a resident of
this town otherwise I would have learn«d his
reasons for not applying to the Justice of his
township.
NEWS OF ALAMEDA COUNTY
SAYS IJFE IS UNHAPPY.— Oakland. Oct.
17 Edna B. Mayall brought suit for- divorce
to-day against Edward P. Mayall. whom shs
charges with cruelty in -that he constantly
threatened to leave her for a former sweet
heart.
BURGLAR AT WORK.— Oakland, Oct. IT.—
Mrs M Hutchinaon reported to the police tM»
morning that her home at "IS Twelfth street
had been~~entered by burslara ytisterday and
a clock, a pair of vases and a pair of curtains
stolen.
POLICEMAN TO RESIGN I.—Oakland.1 .— Oakland. Oct.
17. — Thomas A. Boyle, appointed a member
of the- Oakland Police Department last April,
will present his resignation to the Board of
Police and Fire Commissioners \u25a0_ to-morrow
morning.
FIRE PROTECTION FOR SCHOOLS.—Ala
meda, Oct. 17. — Auxiliary fire alarm boxes are
to be placed in . the six large, buildings of the
School Department. The, City Trustees decided
to install- the new equipment at the suggestion
of the Grand Jury. ,g *. \u25a0\u0084
LUMBER ADVANCES.— OakIand. Oct. IT.-—
Retail lumber dealers of Oakland- have Just
announced an advance 1 In the prices of lum
ber, amounting to approximately |l per thou- :
sand. Th« retail dealers eajr that they have
been forced to make the advance because of
the action by th* wholesalers.
MISSING GIRL LOCATED.r-OaUland. Oct
17. — Miss Edna Graw, who was yesterday j re
ported missing by her mother, Mrs. S. R.
Benrlmo, has been located in the southern
part of the State. She haa been married to
Walter Kerr, with whom she left Oakland.*
and the couple are now enjoying their honey
moon.
CITY EMPLOYES GIVEN MORE PAY.—
Alameda. Oct. 17. — Hereafter the.* l!n«n«n in
the employ of the municipal electric light and
power department will receive $3 50 a day.
an advance of 50 cents over what they have
been paid. The Poundmaster will In future
draw a salary of $63 a month and turn all fees
into the city treasury.
SAYS HE WAS HELD UP.— Oakland. Oct.
17. — W. E. Gardiner, colored., who Is employed
aa a Southern Pacific porter, reported to th»
police this morning that he was held up last
night at the corner of Curtis and Twenty-"
second streets by a burly negro. He says that
the thug made his escape after a desperat*
struggle.
SUES BOARD OF SUPERVISORS.— Oak-
Iand. Oct. 17.— « Th» Oakland Enqulrer-Publlsh
lng Company \u25a0 has brought mandamus proceed
ings against the Board of Supervisors to com
pel that body to take soree action on the bill
of the Enquirer for furnishing the county with
the .working assessment rolls and for binding
the three military rolls /of the present year.
The work was ordered done by County Assessor
Henry P.'Daltcn. >
\u25a0- DISINHERITS STEPSON.— Oakland. Oct. 17.
The will of the late Aristlde Brand of Ala
meda was A]ed for probate to-day and leaves
the . bulk of his \u25a0 estate to Eva - Bennett, his
stepdaughter, and > a part In trust for her
daughter. The amount the child gets Is
$11,500. He left his stepson. Luden Brand,
nothing on account of his behavior. There
are some "\u25a0 other minor legacies all of which
total aome 522,000. .The stepdaughter Is' mads
the residuary legatee and will get - the large
ibar* of the estate, amounting to many thou.
sands.
'BURGLAR 13 CHARGED.— Oakland. Oct.
17. — Edward Cralghead. alias Edward Craig,
who was caught trying. to pick the pocket of
Hartley Dlreane in the . St. Lawrence House,
at : Seventh and Franklin streets, last Friday
night, and who attempted to escape t tils pur
suers by : walking - into - the police station and
asking f or Jodgings. > was booked at the City
Prison ; this - evening- on . two charges of bur
glary. The complaints were sworn to by I. M.
Van Slyke of SI 6 Fourteenth street and J.E.
Crabb of B^o Eighteenth street.
CHECK PASSER IS : HELD.— Oakland, Oct.
17. — Guy C. Ross, who under " the name rof
OHle . Anderson passed . a number of fictitious
checks, for .small amounts on . several Oakland
business •\u25a0\u25a0 houses, was held ' to* answer in \u25a0 the •
Superior , Court . this' morning *. In • $2000 bonHs I
for having passed a bogus check. at the store
of Sherman. Clay & Co. Ross bought a phono
graph record, giving -in payment a check for
$3 SO. The young man, who was held to en
swer on a similar charge last Friday. \u25a0; was
identified yesterday^by. his mother, who resides
in San Francisco.
COOK THREATENS HIS WlFE.— Henry
Voutln. living at 323 Jessie street, threatened
to murder his wife with a butcher knife yes
terday morning, \u25a0 but was prevented from car
rying ; out- his purpose by the prompt • arrival
of . the : police. ' He was takfn to the Southern
station . and ' charged with attempt to • kill " J
A "Hair- saver" tliet grows !n popularity. \u25a0 s
Mewer.o*s Herpigibe
Ths ORIGINAL remedy that "kflls '>s DaodruH Qtrm."
SOINGvI <s^l^lG* ! ! GONE II!
ianm vwxkn n. . % laneist inu tin it. ,\u25a0- tso vi jfm Eiwcist
tat\?t* A *_» A m : V"»» V\^EJTf& but • sHfbt kaowledjre of scalp anatomy to know
I%\J A jRk rInIK.* UKV \?7 fifSV that the hair c«» Its courishaent dir»ct frcm the
\u25a0\u25a0••-,;-•«,* -c-.-'i* \u25a0''..:...'\u25a0' . , \u25a0>\u25a0>: • hjir-p»?ill«. Tht.-efori. th« only rationaJ treat-
nawfcro's Herptcide wCI sst grow bair— natnrt mera Is to destroy the canscof ttediSMS*. I Herp-
doastttis— bat by dtstroytestiMalcroblc enemies kMedoesthH; it cures 4a»dru3. stops falling
of hair health th« hair 1$ bound to crow as nature " tulr . and i relieves ; iKhlnj. A tieHjhtful hair
Intended ; except in chronic b*Wne»». It requires dressing. Give* extraorJmary rssults. Try It
: Drag Stsns. SI4X3. - fcai We, stojs. to HBWCIQE CO, Ant M. Ctirat Hici. for a aa^a.
. At Leadlns; Drak Stores or Sent Prepaid from Detroit. Mich., upon recwiat
: ' "> 0t.g1.00. \u25a0 Applications at proiqlnent : Barber Shops.*
MINISTER WEDS
BROOKLYN GIRL
Head Master of Mount Tamal
' pals Military Academy Goes
East and Becomes Benedict
SUKPIiISE TO FRIENDS
Dr. Crosby Is Now Speeding
Westward With Bride Who
Was Susanna B. Eogers
Special Dispatch to The Call.
• SAN RAFAEL. Oct 17.— Rev. Dr. Ar
thur Crosby, head master of Mount Tarn
alpals Military Academy, and Miss Su
sanna Badeau Rogers, prominent in
Brooklyn social circles, were married la
Brooklyn to-day by Rev. Lewis Van
der Burg. The announcement of the
wedding will be a surprise to Dr. Cros
by's acquaintances. He left quietly a
couple of weeks ago for an £Ta3tern
pleasure trip without announcing that he
Intended to become a benedict. Tht
\u25a0doctor and his bride are now speeding
westward on their wedding Journey.
They are expected to arrive here next
Sunday.
Doctor Crosby was called here from
New York over twenty years ago to
take charge of the First Presbyterian
Church. He was one of the organizers
of Mount \u25a0 Tamalpais Military Academy
and haa been prominently identified with
its welfare for many years. •..••--
SIX NEW HEUBERS ADDED.
TO DELTA CHI FRATEIIA'ITY I*IST
Half-Doaen Stanford Students Admit
ted \io Honor Society of Univer
sity Law Department.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 17. —
Six new members have been added to
the Delta Chi Fraternity, the honor so
ciety of the Stanford law department.
They are A. M. Cathcart. '96; Alden
Ames: R. H. Lutz, '06; S. EC Pierce; R.
A. Canter and F. E. Robinson, special
3tudents. ; To the undergraduate so
ciety of Moot Court nine members of
the division of Abbot's Inn have been
initiated. They are A. B. Packhard.
"07; L. M. ISdwards. '07; F. L. Jfaloy.
'07; E. A. Cunha, '06; C. B. Smith, '06;
"IV. J. Galbralth. '06; L. R. Welnmaa, J
'06; S. Salisbury, '07. and T. C. Me Far- 1
land. > , ;,
WORK PROGRESSING RAPIIXLV
Cfcf XEW PAROCHIAL SCHOOL
Building; That Promises to Add. to
Architectural Beauty of .Menlo
Park Well Under Way.
MEXLO PARK, Oct. 17. — "Work Is
progressing- very rapidly on the Cath
olic Parochial School which la being
built here. The foundation is already
and no time will be lost In
: the erection of the superstructure,
i The building will be architecturally
one of the finest In this vicinity and
will be a distinct addition to the pub
lic buildings of San Mateo County.
Appraisers . Appointed.
REDWOOD CITY. . .Oct. - 17. — Judge
Buck of th^s city has appointed Sam
uel J. Dickerson. Peter Beckendorf and
P. W. Selby*appralsers of the property
of the Howard estate In Sacramento
County. The same jurist a|so appoint
ed L. F. Young- of San Francisco. John
P. Weller and I. E. Byrnes of San
Mateo appraisers of the estate ot
Charity Hayward.
NEGRO FELOX ARRAIGXED.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 17.— Joseph
Wade, a negro convict who attempted
to set . fire to tii e prison some time ago.
was atrested and arraigned before
Judge Magee to-day. .Judge Magee set
the preliminary examination for next
Thursday. ,y, y J
GERMAX TROO?S DEFEAT
THE REBEJLS IX MOGORO
Greater Part of the Insurrectionary
District Reported to Be
Sabjnsrated.
BERLJX/ Oct. 17.— Major Count
Adolf Goetzen. Governor of German
East Africa, telegraphs from Dares
Salaam /that German troops and na
tive auxiliaries have defeated 600 reb
els In Southern Mogroro. thus subjugat
ing the greater part of the district.
Another German column defeated
the rebels between Kllwa and LJndi.
A third expedition, with 500 rifles,
three machine guns and 650 native
auxiliaries and bearers, Is marching
upon the rebel stronghold at Sfongca.
ARMY AZVD NAVY ORDERS.
' WASHINGTON. Oct. 17.— -Army or
ders:
Master Signal Electrician Charles A. Wilson.
In the office of the chief signal officer of the
Department of the Columbia. Seattle, will be
sent to - Benlcia Barracks, nponlnz to th«
commandlns. officer for duty.
Nary orders — Commander J. M. Robinson is
ordered to the - Asiatic station, sailing from
San Francisco about • Xovember 15; Ensign c.
T. Wade will be detached from the Benningl
ton when it goes out of commission and wtii
continue treatment at the Naval Hospital at
Mare Island;' Chief Gunner J. T. Roach is
detached from the Lawton to the naval maga
zine at Mare Island: Chief Gunner J.H. Ward
Is detached from the naval magazine at Mar«-i
I»ta"rt to •'•ttv as aontstant .to. the Inspector
of the ; ordnance works of . Moran Bros. a>t
oeau.e auu a. so for duty in connection wlti
the Nebraska: Warrant Machinist F*. O. WellS
Is detached from the Brooklyn to the Asiatic
station, sailing from San -Francisco on Novem
ber 15; Warrant Machinist T. D. Healy is
detached from th* Chicago to tne Astatic sta
tion, sailing from San Francisco about Novem
ber IS; Warrant Machinist A. D. Catnerwood
is detached from duty at the Cnlon Iron
Works at San Francisco to tne Chicago; War
rant Machinist D. Mullan \u25a0Is ordered to the
Vnlon Iron Works at San Francisco for duty
is assistant inspector of machinery at 5a,24
works ; . Acting ; Gunner F. Montgomery Is de
tached - from the Pensacola at the naval train-
Ing station at San - Francisco to- the Asiatic
station, sailing about November IS.DAIRYMAN IS CHARGED
WITH DOCTORING MILK
Eugene Lent, attorney, Jiad
George W. Smart proprietor
of the New York dairy, ar
rested yesterday on a -charge of
using formaldehyde in milk sold
by him for use of the complain
ant's children. Lent's* two lit
tle girls, aged two and four
years, were nearly killed from
drinking the milk, he says. Pri
vate chemists found ihe danger
ous preservative in it.
Attorney Eugene Lent
Causes Arrest of
George Smart.
Says His Babies Were
Nearly Killed by Im
pure Fluid.
A_ practical step toward damming the
flt*Ml of impure milk that householders
complain is being poured into the homes
of the city was taken yesterday by Eu
gene L*:u, attorney, Crocker building,
when he swore to a complaint for the
enest of a prominent dairyman on the
charge of supplying him with adulterated
milk at his homo. 1050 Eddy street.
George %V. Smart, who conducts the New
Y«,-rk dairy on San Jose avenue, is the
dealer complained of.
It is alleged ihat milk left at the L/ent
residence for the consumption of the at
ttrneys two little girls contained for
maldehyde. The children were made so
ill that they were confined to 'their beds
for several days. One of them only got
up yesterday. She was so badly affected
that she threw up blood in retching and
her life was almost despaired of at one
time.
Smart was notified of the warrant
against him and he appeared voluntarily
before Police Judge Cabaniss and was
released on 520 cash bail. He said he
knew nothing of the formaldehyde being
In the milk sold by him. His case will
be called this morning.
Attorney Lent says he notified Dr.
Ward of the Health Board of. the dis
covery of the doctored milk on October
12 and that as no action was taken
against Smart by Ward, he swore out
the v.-arrant. Lent's story Is as follow;s:
Myself, wife and two little srirls. Ruth,
aired 2, and Frances, 4, returned on the first
of the month Iron: Saa Mateo, where we had
been for five months. The little girls were
fat and in th* pink of health. We had bc-en
home but a few days when both the children
begin to fall in health and complain of lack
of ap;>etite. They grew wor*e and took to
retchJT-K violently. Kuth vomiting- up blood.
They were unable to retain anything on their
stomachs.
TAKES MILK TO CHEMISTS.
tVe called in Dr Hoffman, who said th«
little ones were suffering from acute gastritis.
They took to their beds and for two or three
days were unable to take anything in the
shape of food at all. The doctor went over
the diet they had been used to and said that
he found nothing that looked as if it would
injure tfcem. unless it was the milk.
We are receiving each morning from Smart
& quart of milk in a bottle especially for the
children. On the morning of the 11th I took
the bctt!e of milk that had been left that
day, and, without opening It, turned it over
to Thoma* Price & Son, the chemists. The
next day they submitted a report that the
fluid was normal !n all respects excepting
that it contained formaldehyde.
I at once telephoned to Dr. Ward, notifying
him of this fact, and he said something about
the inspectors being very active in investigat
ing the city'« milk supply. Then I waited
for him to do something, but no action was
taken. I resolved then to swear out the war
rant against Smart myself.
At the health office the records show*
that the last notification Smart received
from the department was on October 7,
which notice stated that his milk had
been found "one point off," according to
the inspection of Dr. William H. Hassler,
chief sanitary Inspector, on the night Of
September 26. It was announced at the
health office that Smart's milk bore an
excellent reputation in the department.
SMART NOT NOTIFIED.
Health Officer Ragan was questioned
as to why nothing had been said to Smart
after the notification to Ward that
Smart's milk had been found by chemists
outside the department to contain for
maldehyde In such quantity as to al
most cause the death of two babies. He
replied that the matter had been turned
over to Sanitary Inspector Hassler with
Instructions to make a report. That re
port had not been turned in. however.
Dr. Ragan said also that he notified
George Ruparich, his stenographer, yes
terday to write a letter to Smart, in
structing him to come to the health of
fice and explain about the formaldehyde.
Ruparlch said he had not heard the order
given and therefore the letter had not
been written.
The arrest of Smart was made under
a law passed by the last Legislature,
making it a misdemeanor, punishable
by fine of not less than $10 nor more than
1230 or by Imprisonment for not less than
ten nor more than 100 days, to put for
maldehyde or other preservatives men
tioned into milk used for human con
sumption. Formaldehyde is used to pre
vent milk turning sour. When taken into
the human stomach it arrests digestion
and brings on gastritis.
Hoboe* Xot Wanted In Spokane.
SPOKANE. Wash^ Oct. 16. — Between
125 and 250 vagrant* and hoboes ar
rested by the police, last night were
to-day ordered out of town under
threat of Jail sentences. It Is stated
that the programme will be repeated
ito-nlght. There is an abundance of
work In neighboring railway camps
and the police purpose to clear out the
floaters. '•/'... D.
J jt%. ETf?^ <T% W^ tf^ to ove children, and no
ordeal through which the ex«
pectant mother must pass usually is
S^»ifHprpß ?^ so u^ °^ suffering, danger and fear
I %^ that she looks forward to the critical
hour with apprehension and: dread.
Mother's Friend, by its penetrating and soothing properties,
allays nausea, nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings; and
so prepares the system for the • _ -ape^ <» -
ordeal that she passes through Mj§^fe l S'l I %^^fe^(^
the event safely and with but
little sufFering, as numbers If H^?HHBS%<B -fyF_
have testified and said, "it is _, o- v
worth its weight in gold." $1.00 per §^^§^|T6^
bottle of druggists. Book containing M fa UW^nmMU
valuable information mailed free. 11 m M^^liM^S
tat BSADTIOJD BEGUUTCW CO.. MiaoUx. G*
TWO LJTTJUE CHILDREN OF MR- AND XTRS. : EUGENB LENT. WHO WERE
MADE VERY SICK -BY DRINKING MILK THAT CONTAINED FORMALDE
HYDE. THE DEALER WILL BE PROSECUTED. \u25a0 -
KILLS WOMAN
AND HIMSELF
Love-Crazed Oregonian Slays
Matron Who Resisted His
Advances and Ends His Life
MARSHFIELD, Or., Oct. 17— This com
munity was horrified this afternoon to
learn that J. A. Armitage, armed with
rifle and revolver, had gained admit
tance to the house of J. O. Stoops " and
shot and killed Mrs. Stoops, who 'saw
his approach, and, with her children,
had take refuge in the second story of
her house. Armitage secured entrance
to the house by breaking in a window,
through which he crawled. As he start
ed to ascend the stairs Mrs. Stoops, 'who
was at the head, called upon him, to halt.
Armitage continued his ascent and Mrs.
Stoops opened fire, emptying her revolver,
one ball taking effect in Armltage's fore
head, inflicting a scalp wound. Armi
tage dropped his rifle and drew a pistol,
and, seizing his victim with one hand,
held the revolver to her breast and pulled
the trigger. She fell dead. Then Armi
tage, though bleeding profusely from the
scalp wound, made his exit through the
window, leaving a trail of blood, which
marked his way to his own house, not
over a hundred feet away. - There he
fixed a shot into his own head that ended
his life.
Armitage and the Stoops family have
been acquainted for many years. -He
had developed an infatuation for Mrs.
Stoops which bordered on insanity, . and
only a few weeks since. It Is said, threat
ened Mrs. Stoop's life If she resisted. his
advances. Armitage was at that time
taken Into court and placed under $800
bond to keep the peace.- Mrs. Stoops
leaves a husband and five children, the
eldest a thirteen-year-old daughter, who
witnessed the shooting and took part in
the struggle to save her mother's life
by striking the assailant over the head
with his rifle when he dropped It. Armi
tage ' a wife and grown family at
Eugene. He was gentlemanly In conduct
and temperate In his 'habits. , .
PORTLAND, Oct. 17.— According to an
Oregonlan special from Marshfleld, J. A.
Armitage-dld not commit suicide, but his
death resulted from the bullet fired' from
the revolver In Mrs. Stoops' hands. Armi
tage, the special states, lived long enough
to accomplish the woman's death and
make his way home, where he expired
shortly after being found by neighbors.
PLEADS GUILTY TO BURGLARY.— Regrino
Orotco pleaded guilty to a charge of burglary
in Judge Lawlor 1 * court \u25a0 yesterday. He will
bo sentenced on Saturday. Ha broke Into the
saloon of Louis Roes. 40 Jeesie street, on .the
night of September 10 ana rtole a quantity of
liquors and cigars. . . '
THE S AN r FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY; OCTOBER .I S, 1905.
YOUTH IS UNDER
A VOODOO SPELL
Seattle Colored Man Offers
$IJOOO/to Any One Who Will
Save Son From Influence
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, . Oct. 17.— One thousand dol
lars in cash, awaits the - person -that can
remove i a voodoo spell from Jerome Col
lins, a 17-year-old colored boy. The offer
is mad 9 by the young man's father,
James>C. r Collins, who is willing, to mort
gave his little home,, secured by ; hard
toil,. to ralse_the amount.
Jerome Collins Is supposed by . most
persons -that 'have "come In contact' with
him to be' crazy. The boy's; father says
it Is not- Insanity, but a voodoo, spell that
was , cast the youth more- than a
year ago .- by • ; a traveling .showman for
whom, the. boy i acted as a subject. The
boy ; made, vicious attempts. two or three
times to. murder his . parents \u25a0 and other
members* of family,' but- was always
overpowered, before he had accomplished
any serious\ harm.! To-day he .made an
other' attack and Ahe police: were called.
MORMON MAORI
CHIEF PASSES
AWAY IN UTAH
SALT.- LAKE. Utah. Oct. 17. — Hirini
Whaanga, ; formerly chief of the most
powerful Maori tribe on the east coast
of New Zealand, died in a hospitalhere
to-day,- of-, appendicitis. Whaansa,' who
was 70 \u25a0 years of age, became a Mor
mon convert in IS B2/' and eight \u25a0 years
later-.he-camo to.Utah. In 1898 he' re
turned \u25a0 ; to: his tribe and for several
months, preached the Mormon faith to
his people,, ridingr on horseback from
villa gel to' village. .:.\u25a0:-;\u25a0.\u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0.
Jacob Grcenhood Dead.
OAKLANDrOct. 17.— -Jacob \u25a0Green
hood, . formerly of , the - firm of Green
hood .&" Moran; died last "night at his
home;in. Oceant View, near Los Angeles.
He had, been . a chronic sufferer . from
asthma ; for many years.- \ Mr. Green
hood resided In Oakland for upward of
thirty, years: He was "for , a while
president of -.the California BaiikT.; of
Oakland, • president ]of \ the : Home ; Se
curity -and < Loan Association, " a . mem
ber_of_the^Oakland. City. Council... for
one r term, and a director of the Home
for. the :.Ad"nit. Blind. . V.. -
" Deceased was- a" member of Oakland
Lodge;No. f lBB of Masons, and of Oak
land Lodge - No. : 118, L' O. O. F. The
remains ' will ';. arrive' here "to-morrow
mornlngvandKthe funeral will be held
from /Masonic; Temple at 11 a. m." In-"
torment 'will C'Be at Mountain View
Cemetery.! •- • ,
M.r. V Grfienhood leaves a I widow", and
one daughter, .Mrs. -M./;Lissner. of: Los
Angeles. V Max \Greenhoodc of. Berkeley,
and Sol: Greenhooa of San; Francisco
are; brothers. "t" Mr. Greenhood'r.was 64
years >' of 'ace. ' , v ,/'-\u25a0 Y:\ ." \
BANKER'S WIDOW • DEAD.
Sirs. • Mnry -B.; Kecd. Pusses ;Awiy' »t
:'\u25a0"";- j .{Byron Sprlns««' ' ' .' ; \u25a0';
CHICO.iOct.; 17.--Mrs. " Mary. 8. , Reed/
well i' known \u25a0 In this 'vicinity, -where ?sha
had. resided 7f or: twenty-flve : ;years,'sdied
at- Byron 'Sprlng»;to-day.x, Her; husband,
who diedf a f f ewj years^Ago/r; was ; \V; H.
Reed.Vwho waa; cashier' of .the; Burik of
California "at. the?tlme";of iita failure.
Found , Dead .' In ;a - Bairn.
'; NAPA,' Oct.' 17.—A; 1 \u25a0' J. " Vandal," : ; an
aged':' v pJo"neer, : rresident s of *Napaiy;.,wa's
founds dead vthls^ : morning;. In-the^barn
of J.' Garcia* on]Pearl'i street. : v Vandal,
who" was "85 "years Tof ;ag«,"wa»'appar-
ENSIGN WADE
ON THE STAND
Naval Officer Must Soon
Face Court-Mart ial Gives
Evidence in Young Case
TELLS OF INSPECTIONS
Says He Never Served in the
En gine-Koom ot Ship Until
Ordered to the Bennington
Special Dispatch" to The Call.
- VALLKJO, Oct. 17.-— The mostVinter 7
esting day of the court-martial of Cora
jnander Lucien Young of ; the Benning
ton was to-day's: session, which wit
nessed the appearance of; Ensign
Charles T. Wade of- the ill-fated 'war
ship on the witness stand.' Although
Wade has been sick almost unto death
since the terrible explosion, he apr
peared well and strong while on the
stand. He refused to answer, many
questions, as they might .be used
against him in his court-martial, which
is to follow that of his commanding
officer.' « \u25a0-'
In answer to a quentlon by .ludae
Advocate West, Wade tttuted he had bud
no enslneerlng experience aboard . ship
previous) lv bring asalened to thc'Beh
uliiK<on on Octqber '£2,'- 11)0-1, and that
be was in ooimnund of the engine-room
of the ship from that date until July 21.
Wade testified that the boilers of the
Bennington had -been tested /at the
Bremerton navy- yard about* a . year
ago and that lateivboiler A was tested
at Magdalena Bay with a pressure up
to 200 pounds.- Wade stated ,that on
the morning of the explosion the boilers
were filled with water from a lighter
•and that he had given orders to the
chief machinist to start the \u25a0 hydro
kimeters on boilers A and B when the
water showed in the gauge glasses. He
said that he ordered the i fires, started
slowly in order' to raise 125, pounds of
steam by 1 p. m. that day. The hydro
kimeters were started about 7 a. m. and
were supposed to be in good condition.
Wade said he knew of no reason why
steam should forri quicker in boiler B
than A, unless" the 'fires were stronger.
The steam gauge had been turned at
9:50 a. m. and at that hour there was
about 120 pounds of steam. . Water
tender Hunt was relieved from watch
about 9a. m. by De Curtoni.
Wade stated that he had made ad
verse reports on the boilers in the log
of the ship previous to the explosion—
first, the boilers were fair, then good
and lastly poor.
A soiled sheet of paper from the log
book, dated July "21, was handed to
Wade and he identified it as .one found
by him in the ship on the day follow
ing the explosion. Its contents were
not stated, but it was admitted as evi
dence. Regarding Sunday inspection,
Wade remembered not more than five,
his station on Sunday being with the
deck division and he did not go below
except by order of .. the executive of
ficer. Wade qualified this statement by
saying that shortly after Young joined
the Bennington he had accompanied his
commanding officer on an inspection of
/the engineering department.., ,
The day after the explosion Wade
visited the engine-room with Fred
erickson. They found the main and.
auxiliary stops of boiler B I closed.
Frederlckson found that the main stop
of boiler B would not open and at
tempted toknock It off with a wrench,
but could not do so. Asked if he were
aware of. the regulation which de
mands' that the stops ; and cocks be
moved orice a week; when not under
steam, Wade; answered only after a
long wrangle , between "; the counsels
that he was, but that Young had never
called his attention to this rule. The
rule had been carriedout. .
At the morning Bession Lieutenant
Commander Bartlett completed his testi
mony and appeared In an entirely dif
ferent mood than on the day previous.
HeTsald that he was willing to answer
the questions to which there had been
objection on the day previous. There
was little discussion over this admis
sion and the defense smiled confidently
and said that as the ( board desired no
further expert testimony from Bartlett
that they would not, inferring that they
believed that .Bartlett had been dis
credited as an expert. .
After Bar lie tt had completed his tes
timony, Judge, Advocate AVest arose and
announced tAat, vtithout suggestion
from any one,' he bad sent a telegram
to the Navy Department requesting that
on the conclusion of Bartlett's - testi
mony be 'be retained :as an assist
ant counsel . for. the prosecution.^ The
department had. wired Its assent. Thus
xfmn briery explained : -what had been
heralded as an, attempt of the Navy De
partment to convict Young by furnish
ing additional talent \u25a0 for the prosecu
tlon.\/. \u0084\ -.- ;.\u25a0:_. V \u25a0.;'-' _- \u25a0'\u25a0 :] : :'T'-4^:^
DEATH IS DUE TO WOUND , \
ACCIDENTALLY INFLICTED
Healdsburg Italian," Who Was Shot . by
*-. Friend, \u25a0 Succumbs After.
Week's Battle//
HBALiDSBURQ.^Oct. 17.— Guiseppe
Orsolinl, £ aged 24 years, died ; yesterday
from the f effects of a bullet wound, ac
cidently "inflicted by Frank^yitoli ;".; a
week ago. 'Both men were fast friends
and were ; sleeping I ttogetherr r when the
accident I occurred. ; In ; the middle of the
night Guiseppe awoke and asked Vitoli
to ' hand him tho "<\u25a0 revolver from * under
his pillow. As. thl: latter was comply
ing with his. fr iends request: the
weapon- went: off, the bullet penetrat
ing Orsolinl's stomach.
ently in good health* Monday 'after
noon. He .went to bed in a building
and nothing ' further , was seen of him
until his body was found by/ J. Garcia
this, morning. i\ , : '
Retired Capitalist Dies.
: SAN: JOSE, Ocjt; ; 17-t— Henry! Sears;-* re
tired head : of . the ; firm tof I H.} Sears . &
Co;, a large ..wholesale . house ion ' Wa
bash avenue,^Chicago,* died this morn
ing at \u25a0 his home In : this icity.v aged r 90
years. Sears ' retired : from "active "con - t
nectlon with i his \u25a0 firm ; In i; 1 883, -settling
near : San 1 Jose. He .leaves two imarried
daughters."" v ' •
Spend Your.Chrlstmas In Old Mexico.'
; A special t train.' equipped ;wlth Pullmans and
diner, twill leave' Sa n' Francisco* tmt Old i Mexico
December 10.' 1 Going trip will ;be made «trai»ht
through to ; City; of | Mexico -over I the I Southern
Paclflc.i via Los < Angeles and » El - Paso. a Return
may be made via Grand' Canyon oyer the Santa
Fe : Tickets • for ' the round ' trip . will \u25babe - S.SO
eixty - day limit. , An excursion . agent : will , ac-1
company : the -: party.' Further j, particulars -of
Southern" Pacific agent. - \u25a0-.- •
• Dedicate Carnegie Library.
TULAREAOct. ; 17.— The people of ,Tu
lare i to-night ; dedicated ; the ; ; newj/Car^
negle^Llbraryi; building; An immehse
crowd'congregated; In, front of .tho beau
tiful ; structure V and ;. listened ; to ja^ pro^
gramme jof ' music) and ) an ;' address ; by" J."
Av> Allen /of JTisalia: \Thelbdilding^is
one of the' handsomest of : Xh» \u25a0 Carnegie
gifts In the Static*^ V
Greatly Underprked \u25a0 • {^QlmMt I
'V.'c are making, strenuous efforts to mii^&S* .^<^^^'»^^^^V3^?"'' 7 j^=«^^ i"i- '•.* -*«.»•* M 'J
bring widespread attention to this de- \ZP~&t*c£lc£L '^^-'/W&'/WW^'' /» Y-i
partment,'the largest and best equipped \f <^Qs&^.sLf >^«»^ -'•**•* >^«—^^ \J \u2666^*^%->
on thei, Coast. Prices absolutely the \u0084 . >~^ jf '^^' Si
'^CROCKERY \u25a0 •_. ' . \
Cottage Dinner Sets — 44 pieces, in pink and green Rebecca Tea Pot* — 1 quart size --..lOC T
. flowersand every piece gold line edges; complete tor Glain Berry Sets-r-Heavy gold band around ".edge of jt
six'persons; .set ......... ;..r.-. :............ . S4.9f> every piece; polished glass; regular price $1.50. bale s
3la«ldock> English Ware Dinner Sets— : price :. . -\ . . St.ll> W
>VForisix persons;- decorated and .gold traced; regular. Heavy Glaus Water Pitchers — 2-quart size; regularly J,
price,' slo.oo. .Sale price ........."........ ..SO.To priced at 'soc. Sale price, each :.:.' ;29« E
H Same Style Set of 100 pieces, for 12 persons.: regularly Jardinien — Of art ware, the rich brown glaze color ef- g
B .priced at $17.50. Sale price ......... .....812.75 fects; good value at $2.98. Special price ..gM.OS g
1 " Cut This Out. ) Cut This Out. i ThU Out. i ]
B ;";, ':\u25a0 , :-.-\u25a0\u25a0 COUPON .•- / : / / COUPON , i' . COUPON :\u25a0 '- \u25a0 | \u25a0' . j
I $1.00 Bottle of whiskey f 50c Satin Dam- \ . Kimonos 29c !
II s *c* c ': asse 12^c yd : s,& pr o% \u25a0: i
rh-jl"^ !;- Upo n pre ?e m.tlo n ,of thlscou-; \ I> Z"a
H • f^ sell you 1 quart bottle m i pon we, will sell . you a yard of, ,'Will sell you a yV- (
u& vkreli *of Maryland Puro Rye i 1i 1 ' genuine Imported Satin Damasse , beautiful hand- vl A>^ \ J
fe J*fT& Whiskey, which sells / worth 50c a yard for , kerchief kimo- (
I £*iiSJfo all over "the country/ V -fffef/ 1/«. M J ,no In blue and R>jSgs^. ,' j
I ffiliiliy for $1.00 and which . , I2YICItSLTQ <Tn J £e SIW* 1 I^H?£%v '
II JABYU/F" we have boen r/, ) , i«./^SV t«IV4 , :iml white Per- ttPjnf^A^K
H *5/^V i 1 selling for 85c, 3*f t i ' ' This is a magnificent washable I , * la £ . P»"erns. ; mmlwhsm& \
H for '- \u25a0 v- fast color material, in light Regular price .W^te&dfT , J
X, !|i. w A We have secured 100 \ grounds with colored dots.', ,'•>«• ror Si^^Sftfc;' VA I [-1
X SS'mwriSj "'cases .of this whiskey, ', , checks, floral and Dresden effects. '. '-- i OO#» A~» I
P ty/niaKtyl bottled expressly for ho- ', Fully 28 inches wide. Desirable \ ' «C7C CCI 1
M 'MMMni]'' tels-and clubs, also for ', \ for dresses and waists. This Is 1 ' . /: I • ' \ A
ffi iir-, 'J export purposes. A high! positively one of the best coupon i .\ Tne hand- /' \y i Jj
ft. ; &r ade old-fashioned rye. i 1i 1 offers we have yet made. i 1i 1 (kerchiefs , t
M . None sold at this price without i 1i 1 . None sold at this price without , ( alone would co«t more. , j
R this'ooiiDcin / • this coupon. . ,' , ot more than "to a customer. , g
I \u25a0\u25a0•Not more than 2 bottles to a ) ' Not more than 20 yards to a,> ! one sold at the P rlce without, 1
I customer / customer. . U :. / this coupon. / , \u0084 j
I No mail orders. r^ , No mall -orders. , No mall orders. ,
X Good for Wednesday, October \ Good for Wednesday, October , , Good for Wednesday, October i t
II IS; only. \ ', 18. only. .-V"; ' ' IS, only. )
j« PR.AGERS j ! PRACERS ' \u25a0_' ' PRACER.S .< J g
I Outfit the Boys for $4.95 Women's Underwear |
| ' substantial savings. Muslin Drawers — Made of heavy material; extra wide !y
* Brin?r the boys to our second floor to-day and we win make and on a deep yoke at the waist; finished at the ffl
I shopping easy They may be fitted out from head to foot in one bottom with a deep hemstitched '""flounce. OC^ 11
1 department. Note the combination offer: \u25a0 \u25a0 . . /*>/\u25a0 H
\ lßo>'-s Suit in Any Style Desired.. 93.OO . PriCC .., •••••• H
f, .1 Pair of Shoes ....".... .vI.BO A.'^hT \u25a0 ' V r>l,:_ ixrt.li. e«t -—^ -\r j \u25a0..\u25a0 Q
J j Pair of stockings 13 "Tff 1 taVA >*w A^X x'lam White Skirt— Made with a «
1 1 , r -a7 s Shirt ::::::::: 5o mzm l?| ifff^a deep h =mstitched flounce at the M
I i suit Heavy Ribbed underwear .so vjBSM W M^^^ V fIT bottom; gored over the hips so I
\ Rfsrular Price for Total 96.13 fß^ AIAVi£V^BEL4AI»I,B *' ** to fit neatly abtnit the waist; M
l^^^M^^^^M MARKET&dONfSSTS Jr p i BSt "f^eguiar rgi 1
I No t "° re _ than _ one .^ *°_ ona^_ c l v^ t ? r ? er i. \u25a0\u25a0 n^- - \u25a0-\u25a0 . ii^'x I- '*| M,ii1m1,!',,,!!,,\u25a0!M ,i iImI,!',,,!!, ,\u25a0! 1 1 \u25a0 ? ce i i 3
CHICAGO WOMEN
SOLD ABROAD
CHICAGO, Oct. 17.— Traffic »in ' young
women purchased in Chicago for prac
tical sale in all parts of the Empire of
China has been discovered by local Fed
eral and police authorities, , but i thus far
no law' has been found prohibiting the
exporting of American women to foreign
countries. THe police are In possession
of\he names of two women, one In Chi
cago and another . in Shanghai,' China,
who' are thought to be leaders in the
practice. ,
The plan used in the operation of the
alleged rine was. it is believed, to, first
hire unsuspecting women, tempting, them
with lurid stories of wealth in the Orient.
A position of maid or high servant In
wealthy Chinese families Is said to have
been -the bait offered. -Tp bind the con
tract the j applicant for position was told
that her traveling and living expenses
would be paid and all the clothing neces
sary furnished. - \u25a0 ..
When the women reached, China- they
were immediately placed under guard and
sent to the purchasers; who had previous
ly paid from" $500 to $1000 for each. Many,
are - supposed ' to be held In • palaces of
wealthy Chinese under heavy guards.
QUARREL ENDS
IN BLOODSHED
\u25a0 r - .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Oct. 17.— A shooting and
cutting affray which may end in the
death of one. of the' participants oc
curred yesterday in Natches Valley be
tween Peter McCallum, his two sons and
a hired man and John W. Foster, a son,
and " hired man. ; :
The' trouble arose over a ditch through
the Foster farm to the farm of the Mc-
Callums." They, had previously had trou
ble, but" it - was supposed • that a settle
ment had been effected. McCallum started
to go through the* Foster place to turn
water into the ; ditch. He s was ordered
off by," Foster. McCallum went away
and returned with his hired man and two
sons. "A 1 fight was started and it is
claimed that McCallum flred two shots at
Foster.' The latter knocked the revolver
out of his i hand and a* fight followed In
which all the men took part. _
* It is claimed that one of McCallum s
"boys drew" a 1a 1 knife and ; stabbed Foster,
who was cut several times. A bad wound
was made below the heart, and this, It is
believed, will prove y fatal.
FIREBUG WORKS
IN THE SOUTH
Special 1 Dispatch to The Call.
VENTURA, Oct. 17.— A flrebugT : is at
work iln? this: city.; To-day three fires
were started at the same. time. The
fire : ; Sunday night ; was the most dis
astrous in the t ;hls,tory. of .the townr ,
'The- fires .this : morning broke out at
10 o'clock. . One was discovered in', the
Daly barn, ; right In the center of town.
A citizen passing hear ,- the ' d hay * barn
saw smoke Issuing. 1 from: the cracks i in
the loft;- He kicked open the. door and
extlngulshedthefirebefore much-dam
age'was done. 'After the blaze was put
out Uhere lwere\ found ; in ;. the -hay/ sev
eral* sticks \u25a0"or- phosphorus, \ partly,
•wrapped in cloths "which had been
dampened.'; v~,:V.;. - -
:. "At ; i the : same 'hour, two more, fires
broke \u25a0 out ? in ; different ; sections 'of .* the
town/ ~ Like - the ; Daly., fire ' the blazy
started .in , barns arid In; each instance
phosphorus Was in :. the hay.
They were extinguished in time.to pre
vent • damage. The\ fire Sunday night
also v started " In^a .barn. .. The:town is
specially; patroledtto^night.^
Shocking Cane of • Depravity.
\u25a0 SAN JOSE, : Oct. 17.— The arrest i ot
Charles T Davis v for an infamous ,\u25a0 crime
; has i brought Uo \u25a0 light 'the • " most ; de
praved case(ever]unearthed In San^Jose.
.The" Information 'against Davis .wasjob-'
!tained!fromlhistwo daughters?; Davis,
'with'- his wif e,\ the' two girls and several
other. children; came to. this city, several
months ago' and' have been' living at 367
North Sixth, street
FILIPINO BRIDE
GETS DIVORCE
LEAVENWORTH.jKan.. Oct. 17.— The
divorce suit of Conception Vasquez, the
Filipino woman, against First Lieutenant
Sidney S. Burbank, Sixth Infantry, which
has attracted much attention in the army,
has been decided in favor of Mrs. Bur
bank. Word reached. Fort Leavenwortn
to-day that Judge Bates of the Court of
First Instance'at Iloilo, P. 1., had granted
a divorce to Burbank's Filipino wife, had
given her the custody of their daughter
and allowed her alimony of 100 pesos a
month.
•The | complaint . recited that Lieutenant
Burbanks married Conception Vasquez at
Vallodid. P. 1., on January 25, 1902. the
ceremony being performed . by Ferdlnana
Mapa, Justice of the . Peace of the pro
vince. Burbank's "company^ was at that
time stationed at Vallodid and for several
months, until ordered to the United
States with his regiment, the officer lived
with . tho woman '. as his wife. Oh the
return of his regiment to the United
States Burbank promised that he would
return to her in five months. In De
cember, 1902, a child was born. The^War
Department provided counsel for the de
serted wife. *.
While stationed at Fort Leavenworth
Lieutenant Burbank became engaged to
a prominent young woman. The an
nouncement of the \u25a0 engagement causea
Mrs. Burbank in the Islands ' to" take ac
tion, and she enlisted the support. of the
War Department..,
The officer Is now being tried by court
martial, at Iloilo on the charge of. conduct
unbecoming an officer and a gentleman,
his treatment of his native wife serving
as a basis for numerous specifications.
The Atchison. Topeka and Santa Fe Rail
way famous - California . limited train. thre«
days to Chicago, leaves . Mondays and Thurs
days. This train carries the latest style of
Pullman cars, observation car, library and
splendid dining car service. Train Is electric
lighted < throughout. - For further Information
apply to F. W. Prince, city ticket agent. 633
Market street. San .Francisco. CaL ' •
HIS MISTAKE PROVES FATAL.— William
E. Pleasanton, the drug clerk who swallowed
morphine , by : mistake at 120S Geary street on
Monday night, died at tho Central Emergency
Hospital yesterday morning. The body was
removed to the Morgue. '
We can say of some other Talking
Machines that they are good, but
"While Good Is Good,
Something Better Beats It" .
I THe Victor
Talking Machine
Costs no more than most others. In fact, the Victor costs less
than any other when the "* expense of repairs necessary - _to
others is considered, and this is . making no mention of the
nuisance of a- talking machine that-is always out. of order. ;
No person at all acquainted in talking machines, but
who' acknowledges the marked superiority of the Victor. The
best testimonials : for the Victor come from, those who have
used other machines as .well as the Victor .\u2666 •
Only in rare instances, the result of accident, does - the
Victor ever require more than an occasional winding, like a
.clock; arid a child can do this. It is always ready, \and -those
screechy, ".scratchy, grating, rasping noises ever, present Jn
other talking, machines are reduced to the, minimum in the
- Victors as * low in price as $20.00.
Larger, sizes at $27.50, $32.50.- £40.00
and 950.00. Payable monthly, if desired.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
..;.STEINWAY PIANO DEALERS.^.
.Located for thirty-five years at
Kearny \u25a0 and Sutter streets. San Fran-
. ..cisco.^. Oakland 'store, Broadway, ana
Thirteenth street. --." \
PIRATES LOOT
SCOW SCHOONER
Bay pirates robbed the scow schooner
Aetna last night as she lay anchored near
\u25a0 the Arctic Oil Works. After beating
Captain John Daly on the head with a
club and covering Fred Johnson with a
revolver, they robbed the craft of its
provisions and also found $2 50 in their
search.
There were eight; men in the band and
they pulled up in the schooner in c. row
boat. Four of them : boarded the Aetna
and when Captain Daly came out to see
who the visitors were one of the pirates
felled him with a club. A man who wore
a mask covered JohnSon with a re
volver and threatened to kill him if be
made an outcry. -
Two of the gang, armed with pick axes,
led the search of the schooner for loot.
Chests were torn open and every article
: of any value was packed into sack 3 and
taken away. \u25a0
After satisfying themselves that they
had despoiled the craft of all its loot the
four joined their companions in the row
boat and disappeared "• in the dark. The
two sailors were warned to make no out
cry, and fearing - the . threats of tha
thieves, obeyed the warning.
The robbery occurred about 8:30 In the
evening, and about -an hour . later Daly
reported it to the Potrero police station.
A squad of policemen- under command
of Sergeant McGovern were sent out to
run down the pirates. - Neither Daly nor
Johnson could give satisfactory descrip
tions of the men, as -it was too dark to
scrutinize them. \u25a0 \u25a0 ' _ . .'" *\u25a0
Try the United States Laundry. 1004
Market street. Telephone South 420. •
Bis Timber Deal Completed.
VANCOUVER. B. C.;' Oct. 17.—The
largest timber deal In ' the history of
British Columbia has Just been 'com
pleted by the" sale to a syndicate of
Minneapolis lumber men of 43.000 acres
of timber lands on the eastern coast of
Vancouver - Island. The tract, which is
said to contain 1,000,000,000 feet of
standing- fir and cedar of the best qual
ity, is located between Salmon River
and Campbell River.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOH\ D. SPRCCKELS. - . . i:illlll j ""\u25a0\u25a0- -'- \u25a0 • Proprietor
ADDRESS ALU COMMCN'ICATIONS TO
JOHN* McXAUGHT '.-.^;: : .T. /£. . ._••_\u25a0 _• -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 r»'» -V '-. \u25a0• •"• • •'\u2666 -"''^^^
TVBLICJLTIOy~6rTicE TIHP.D~IxP MARKKT~~sf REET3. SAX ' FRANCISCO
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 18, iQQS
A LAWLESS CITY.
HAS any one torn or defaced, a Schmitz banner? No. Has
any one displaced a Schmitz sign, or even one of those pic
tures of the Mayor which adorn the saloons of the city, and
give a delirium tremens effect to the place? No. The lawful free
dom of, campaign banners, signs, tokens, streamers and pictures is
respected by the decent people who oppose the Mayor in his cam
paign for the re-election of Mr. Ruef. Has any one stoned and
hooted the brass bands which play' the Mayors own musical com
positions at his meetings? No.
The provocation is^great, but even the Mayor's compositions
arc pumped into the public ear by the trombone, and it is not re
sented. The band that plays at the music stand in Golden Gate
Park, for a consideration, and for all the people, advertises the
Mayor and promotes his cause on its printed programme, and, al
though the public concert is supposed to be a musical entertain
ment, the band plays the Mayor's compositions, his opponents do
not even cast a ripe cat at it.
On the other hand, the Mayor's supporters have torn down and
defaced the Partridge banners and signs. In doing this they are
not merely indecent. They violate the law. They have done it in
broad daylight, and the police have calmly looked on with no effort
to do their duty. The union bands playing at the Partridge meet
ings have been hooted, stoned and had mud and muck thrown at
them, and the police have not interfered. Mr. Ruef, for whose re
election the Mayor is making a whirlwind campaign, spoke from 8
o'clock until past the hour when graveyards sit up and yawn, on
Monday, at the Alhambra Theater, and in the course of his longi
tudinal" effort said it was: "No wonder that the Partridge banners
had been torn down by true American citizens, who are the sup
porters of Schmitz."
All these things teach and exhort. It is true Americanism, ac
cording to the Mayor and Ruef, to stone brass bands and tear down
the banners of the opposition to the Mayor. It is true Americanism,
according to Mr. Ruef, to deny to another the rights you claim for
yourself. It is true Americanism, as Mr. Ruef sees it, to make the
streets of San Francisco unsafe for*everybody except the supporters
of the Mayor. No doubt "Mr. Ruef thinks it also true Americanism
to stuff ballot boxes and pollute the franchise in the interest of the
Mayor's party and politics, and the three stuff ers who are wearing
stripes in San Quentin are martyrs to true Americanism.^
In view of these vandalistic outrages the citizens of San Fran
cisco know what to expect if Mr. Ruef is re-elected to his position of
boss of the city. The ripping of banners and stoning of brass bands
is something more than a violation of campaign amenities. It is a
startling symptom of the deep-seated diseases of disorder with
which the city has been infected by Schmitz and Ruef. It is a part
of the general recklessness and rottenness that has been propagated
by the city administration. It is a system that strengthens the arm
of every thug and thief. It is a school of crime, as much as that
of Fagin, who began by teaching the "faking of wipes" and ended
in the high school of burglary and murder.
It is done by the Mayor just as much as if he put his own hand
to the work. The spirit of the Mayor's campaign is shown in word
and deed to be lawless. At his party meeting on Monday night at
Bear Hall, in the Fortieth. District, the Mayor's chairman in his in
troductory speech said: "The law is made by the rich to oppress
the poor. Wait till the Union Labor party gets into power." That
anarchistic expression is not rebuked by. the Mayor: It is in line
with his own policy and acts. He is under oath to enforce the char
ter and ordinances. The charter was adopted by the vote of the
people, of the whole people, not by "the rich." But the spirit of the
Mayor and his supporters revolts against the law which he is sworn
to support and enforce.
It all means that if Mr. Ruef is re-elected and the Mayor is his
marionette, their will and wish will take the place of the law. That
is the situation now. Does any one suppose that the police refuse
to enforce order and protect the equal rights of all citizens of their
own motion? They are inspired to snub their duty by the admin
istration, which can fix stars and unfix them.
THE COUNT CONDEMNS US.
COUNT MOLYNSKI of Welhynion has condemned most of
the American people. He is a Russian Count, and after a
tour of the West, including San Francisco, declares that our
Western "people are impossible. They are not at all cultured and
do not know what politeness means. The servants, car conductors
and others of that class are insolent." " i
This is too bad. We have of course been in training on purpose
to please this stemwinder Count, and we have failed miserably, for
he finds us "impossible." The impolite car conductors, without
apologizing, no doubt demanded his ticket and punched it just like
a plebeian ticket and gave it back unfolded and mussed up. But
his wrath is not poured on them alone. We are all impossible, and
.without culture. The contrast with Russia is of course painful. In
that country all of the people are "possible." They, are all cultured.
One may travel from Vladivostok to St. Petersburg in the midst of
a general culture in which all of the people share;
They are almost classical. The Government sees to it that they
are learned and polite. They are deep in all of the philosophies,' the
arts and sciences. They just revel and wallow in belles-lettres, and
think and talk in the terms of scholarship and high attainment. All
of this is due to the White Czar, who goes about on foot among his
scholarly and polite people, discussing science and letters with them
and always as safe as if he were resting on his imperial pillow. He
is able on account of the high culture of his subjects ,to omit all pre
cautions for his personal safety.
The scholars who "compose his empire love to indulge in aca
demic discussion with him, and he may often be seen sitting on the
cracker barrel at the corner grocery whittling a stick and discussing
the precession of the equinoxes with the clerk. >
Yes, Russia is ideal in the generality of culture and the polite
ness of the people. That is why she always prevails in every un
dertaking. She has just given Japan a sound thrashing in the war,
because of the high learning and intelligence of the people, -and has
taught theother nations that if they wish to be great in peace and
victorious in war they must begin by making their people "possible"
and cultured and polite.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
If we men really do take to corsets we might just as well go the whole
distance and practice putting ocr hands at our waists and stretching our
necks like chickens taking a drink. — Washington Times.
'Just as Colonel Bryan started on his trip around the world the Suez
canal was closed to traffic. But the colonel will* finish, if he has to waije.-
St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
So many murderers operate in New York that it is "strange the police
do not occasionally break into the confidence of one by accident.—Phila
delphia Ledger.
New York, as Bishop Potter says, wants no more,"blue laws " Neither
does it care for the pink and pious religious saloon.— Baltimore Sun.
t i^-S/ 1 \u25a0 \
Good luck to the city party organized for the redemption; of Philadel
phia. It's a good name.— Boston Herald.
Cuba is free, but seems a little uncertain as to what to do with her
freedom.— -New York Tribune. /
High finance seems to be in partnership with low morality.— -New York
Press.
THE' SAN - FRANCISCO CALL. AVEDNESD AY; OCTOBER -lS, f 51 903,
OCCIDENTAL
ACCIDENTALS
A. J. WATERHOUSE
<Aa Eastern dispatch announces that a cer
tain well-known woman is- attempting to en
ter the "Smart Set" and' has "bepmlwr
campaign -by joining a fashionable . church.")
ITOOK my Bible from the shelf and
scanned it quite, a while. ' : j
For I sought for' some suggestion of
the latest church style;
I lodged to know how r should have re
- ligion's garment planned, ".\u25a0".//
So I could cut a social; dash / and with
"the angels' stand; ' %ss&.
I humbly trusted I should find Borne in
formation there, "
To tell me, when I* go to church,' the
"latest styles" to wear. \
/ But this, "fashionable church," ' '
It left me in the lurch; /. -/.-
The Bible had no etiquette to point me to
/ my. perch, . , -
And I'm filled with dreadful fear,
As I sadly wander here.
Lest the style cf clothes I'm wearing my
unlaundered soul shall smirch;
For the book the world is needing .and
has , never found as yet
Is "A Handbook of Religion and a Guide
to Etiquette."
There is a psalm— it does not run: "The
heavens do declare
The glory 'of our so'v' reign God and teU
you what to wear."
There are the sweet Beatitudes — I find no
where in mine:
"Blessed is he who's up on styles; the
church will help' him shine,"
I read the first shall be the last, but
nowhere do I see ;.
A statement that a fashion-plate shall
prove bright heaven's key;
And this church that's run in style,
It has puzzled me a while.
You see, I thought the church was meant
to help the poor and vile, /
But now, of course, I know ,
That it really isn't so : - .
Unless you wear salvation in a manner
to beguile.
I wish I had the Bible of the "fashionable
church,"
For mine, I note, is out of date, and
leaves me in the lurch.
In this old book that I have here I read
the story how / v-,V'; -S
One had not where to lay his head— a
tramp we'd call him now—
I read of how, o'er ways of grief, he
walked to find his own, /.:;'
While scribes their church of fashion
sought and left him quite alone.
The pathos of that life divine the roll
ing years have told—
Vagrant and wand'rer if . you please, but
still man's guide of old.
The Man of Sorrows ne'er
Built a church of fashion here;
He'd a whip for money-changers and for
hypocrites a sneer, »
And the "Smart Set" of his day
Held him quite a space away; .
Or, at least, within my Bible thus the
story dsth appear;
And, to state the matter frankly, I am
owner of a thought
That a fashionable setting won't Improve
the code he taught.
A RECORD UNNECESSARY.
"But do you keep no record of the deed 3
and the utterances of the men and wo
men who are known on earth as 'knock
ers'?" the visitor inquired.
"No; I find it unnecessary," the Re
cording Angel responded.
"But you keep a record of thelives of
all other human beings?':' .-;•,.
"Well, generally speaking, yes."
"How. then, do you know -when a man
has been a chronic 'knocker'?" .
"Easy enough.. In fact,' it's a cinch. 1
merely open the gate a little way, and
say to the latest-arrived,- 'You; may look
in." He looks in jj and j immediately says,
•Well, it may be all- right enough for
anybody who is not up to date," but if
you would raise the pavement on the
right side of; the. street - there r it would
be an improvement,* or, 'If you would*
dam— excuse the expression— the river of
life in that" place it would add to the
looks of things,' or something of that
sort. I have him dead to rights then,
and I merely say: 'A vaunt! You will
find a snug, warm berth prepared for you
in the cellar.' Then heavaunts." -\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0
"I see," said the visitor. "It must be
a great deal easier than keeping a long,
monotonous record of kicks.'! '
"It is," the Recording Angel respond
ed.. -tY-PrV .
"She said she' would be a sister to
me." . ; • v *
"Did it console you any?"
"Well, I should say not! I know
sisters; I have three already."
The parson — But, by dear brother,
does Brother Hy Lyver devote his days
to deeds of righteousness?
The questioned brother— He certainly
does. .
The same brother, who desires td be
truthful (after the parson has gone)—
I'm mighty glad he didn't* ask about
Lyver's nights.' \u25a0• Vv-'rrV" • t , //* .-< :^/
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.
Question— lf a woman buys goods
worth 50 cents .for 4 8. cents at a bar
gain counter, how much does she make?
Answer— Ask her what.: the waist
that was ripped off her baajc was worth,
and then, as you value your peace, of'
mind, let her do the figuring.
q._— lf ; you buy a/ ton . of ,'coal, how
many pounds do you get?,* -;'! "\u25a0•?.•::\u25a0
A.— lnvestigate the dealer*!, scale.'
Q.— What Bhall It profit a man if; he
subscribes for a paperthat daily, gives
him twenty yards of cooked-up I sensa
tion and a column of legitimate news?
A. If that sort ; of food satisfies him,
nobody ought to interfere. ... . .
Q.-i-What did the man who went" to
a resort to cure his rheumatism* take
back to town with him? ' ,
A.— His rheumatism. .„-
Q._What dldvthe young physician
who "explored" for a diseased vermi
form appendix find?
A.— lt's an evenibet that heaven only
knows. \lt:-' : \u0084 .' .' : \
A: FAIR. SQUARE GAME/ •
A fair, square \u25a0; game is a 'fair, square :
game,". \u25a0 - '.\u25a0"'./•/
Though I've seen it fall of i winning,
As I've seen' the rascal who deals ;in
same
Pocket the wages of:slnning; v :"\u25a0<'•*?*
But I'd like to feel/ nor 'count the cost
Of the structure of , righi r completing;
That I'd sooner be/the fellow -who "lost
Than the knave who won by cheating.
There is many a ! structure builded high
/To add to a rascal's; glory, '\u25a0 • *
While many a! vagrant we 'pass by
Whose life were a fairer story;
But or later the truth's up
."\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0'tossed- \u25a0 • . -.' ' \u0084 ': / /.'; ."'
By the wave. of ; time retreating, '„/'
And it's better.to be the tellow^who lost
' Than the knave'who won' by cheating/
"You will attend the charity fair, w!H
you not?" - '<\u25a0 . \u25a0 ; '.-.»\u25a0
:'•' "Well, I don't know..: I—"I — " . ;. <
"It costs only two bits to get in."
"That Usn'V the itrouble/:«I; am afraid
! that I; haven't enough to; get out"^
i He is -a sinner who should scarce
For heav'n's forgiveness -pray.\, ,
One; fact should -make ithis 'very plaln-f
He doesn't sin/myiway. . , ' .
\u25a0\u25a0. .• \u25a0\u25a0 ;—--j; — --j- \u25a0\u25a0•-, .'• \u25a0\u25a0• - ,-; ; ; . ,-.
DESIRABLE ACQUAINTANCE.
"Alice Flitter? is "> such a^; restful \u2666 friend !" .
. "Restful: -'j She" talks] all J the \ time/ v -\ ..;. .[
I • ''That's | it;, ;l nevenhaveito' think 'what
to say ' whon I'm -/with . her."— Topeka
State Journal . - "/-/*\u25a0/\u25a0!.
THE STAGE OF ECONOMICS
"Hello! Going to the matinee?" -\ ;\u25a0\u25a0 .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0{ :\u25a0 ;/
"No, to the insurance investigation to study finance."
WAY TO WIN FRIENDSHIP
ANGELA MORGAN
((•% T THAT is the secret of making
\A/ friends?" From tlme'to time
- }i \u25a0 » this question has been put
,tome' by various readers who 'declared
they felt keenly the need of friendship,
but w;ere seemingly incapable of at
tracting a warm/ genuine regard.
/ One woman confesses she has all her
life found it hard to "go out to people."
While longing for the sweetness, the
stimulus, the nourishment of a deep
human attachment, she has generally
, repelled, instead of attracting the thing
she craved. She; has had friends— the
sort of friends -that are created by the
"conventionalities of life. But she has
never been able to grasp the secret of j
how to win a vital affection. Ej She does
not come ; close to the hearts of the
people. She finds herself standing afar
off at the very time she would be near.
' And she has been misunderstood so
long that now she does not ; - care— so
she states— though her letter belies her
words. She - finds herself held in the
grip of. a fixed reserve, and ; takes
a hard, curious pleasure;- in reflecting
how completely/she deceives those who
claim to know her.; . ,i * '\u25a0: ,-\u25a0'•
"No one guesses the ; depth of -my
heart. No matter how : . great ,the, cry
within me for sympathy, - for love, no
one hears it. I am a cold woman to
\u25a0all that meet me." .
Perhaps I could not better express
what I believe to be the secret of mak
ing friends than by emphasizing the
statement of this^womani who fails to
make them: "I have all-my life found
it hard to go out to; people." -.
Here lies the whole' matter in a nut
shell. Never to go "'forth /to J others
means never to get in motion the forces
that collate friendship. It means never
to throw out the tendrils that draw
human affection:.
i All your life you may yearn for the
joys that come through vital associa
tion with a kindred mind; for the
boul warmth and-spiritual beauty that
live in true friendship; but you will; go
on hoping In vain, unless :you permit
the sun within yoQ to shine upon those
you meet. A
Perhaps all of us at some time in life
are aware of this tendency to | shrink
into ourselves even while we are want
ing to go forth to those V- we meet.
There Is something in us that fears : to
awaken the very regard -it craves., - . ,
We are fearful of revealing ourselves
and of permitting our friend to reveal
himself to:us. ; ->^^'£:£«/;// -X. \u0084
How rarely do we, in meeting, the
eyes of others— even of our dear .ones
—really give ourselves : in the glance!
(How seldom it is, in speaking /to
others, that we express ; what we truly
I feel! Whether we mean to lbe so 6r
not, we are guilty .of . miserliness of
self.' ..I''- - '.-:\u25a0 . -- \u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0 :;: " •- -\u25a0*" v"v ''"
.This tendency, if not discouraged, grows
upon us until we build walls about | our
selves, and are prisoners: behind; bars, of
our own making: And : we' can only peer
helplessly through these bars upon -the
faces of those we would intimately meet.
Why is 'it we are afraid- to let a full
ray of our soul chine upon another? -Why
do we, at the very time we would come
close toj a friend, > push him from us by
a strange reserve? \u25a0< .- j , "\u25a0;[\u25a0
'.We .withdraw, startled ; and confused,
before the first; flash of 'an . inner ; sweet
ness from' eyes' that: heretofore rhave be-,
trayed nothing out / of '\u25a0'. the common/ /We
do not know how to'take/the.unaccus- ; "j
tomed radiance and w# run away from it/;
At the- very moment* we are; moved^ to '
;open our soul to j one who gazes upon ; us !
;i; in x this way, we more than Hkely.do ' some |
stiff, abrupt, indifferent/ thing, quite" at
variance with "our* deslrer" We ; turn '-t rom
our friend jf wifh haste, i murmuring com
monplaces.. Or we give' him a stiff hand-
UNKIND.
.'..\u25a0, Mrs. - t Grouchy— My tongue /'• is
/ badly/ coated, v : /r ' /
•Mr. C Grouchyrrßeally.Z my -dear,
i~- 1 : don't 'see/when \ you 1 did : it. T
-NEWTORK HERALD.
shake, a formal word, a careless smile.
We hurry from his presence, as though
we feared he would commit himself or
that we should let him know the' fullness
of our heart. . ; . ..;
And yet we wonder sometimes, many of
us, why it is we do not attract the glow
ing regard we so earnestly seek. And
after a time we resign ourselves, trying
to, silence our soul while we move on in
the common conventional path filled with
the friendships that have no spark.
But we do care, very much, 'all the
while.. We know, in the depths of us.
that no life is complete until it is touched
by the gold of real friendship. W,e know
our own lives would take on a heavenly
beauty : and luster could we but summon
such magic to visit us.
Why can we/ not see that if » we would
win love we must love? That if we woule
gain! we must give? And that the friend
we.longfor Is longing for us with equal
intensity. \u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0 / /\u25a0\u25a0;..
• ' Maeterlinck says : "The soul of man is
a guest 'that has gone hungry these cen
turies back, | and never has it to be sum
moned twice /to the nuptial feast. The
souls ;of | all our brethren are j forever
hovering about us, . craving a caress ana
only waiting, fore the signal. But how
many be!ng3 are there who all their life
long have not dared make such a signal!"
| Tou who - would know friendship— give I
give yourself. Let the sun within you
shine.
Let down the barriers that hide your
soul from the souls you would know.
Pour upon others the radiance you have
kept hidden so/long. •
If you would win friendship, be a friend.
TENOR ROOSTER BREAKS LAW.
WANTED— A rooster with a barytone
voice. R/C. PHILLIPS.
, -This advertisement appeared in a Yon
kers local . newspaper : last evening. Mr.
Phillips, who keeps a grocery store at 205
Elm street, said ;one of his neighbors
\u25a0 had offered an objection to a rooster he
owned which crowed In a tenor voice, and
his neighbor | had had : him summoned to
Special Sessions on a charge of maintain
ing a nuisance. .
The Judge told Ph.lllps to get, a rooster
with; a lower musical range, and Phillips
Immediately inserted the advertisement.
—New York Press. - - ' '/* v -
ACCORDING TO DOROTHY.
Dorothy Is a sweet little : maid of two
and ,a- half. J Her father never carries
a cahe, and when a caller came In ; with
one/one day, she was observed standing
before it rapt in contemplation. J.
."Well, Dorothy," said her mother,
"what's that?",
Dorthy \u25a0 looked ;up /with a puzzled ex
pression. .."Umbwella .wivout any clothes
on," t said: she,— Lipplncott's.'
THUS WAGS THE WORLD.
"•'There goes an-example of a man get
ting, down and out through : no fault of
his own." : ?-.'/'
, '.'What's/ the sad tale?"
i "He ; was a bank • cashier.: His foot
friends got to j calling him 'Honest John.'.
The "\u25a0 name stuck \u25a0* and after 5 that ; nobody
would give him a job."— Philadelphia Bul
letin. * : /'/' '.' /' - \u25a0- ';: -v
DISSECTED.
Willie— Ma, can people leave parts of
themselves / In, different ' places?
Ma— No; ' don't/ be ridiculous.
//.Willle-^-Well.TMr. Jiggssaid he was
going to Colorado ; for^ his lungs.
FATHER A GROCER
• -.Teacher— One of ;> the ;; principal
parts |of \u25a0 sugar i 13* essential ; In 5 ; the
composition "of '\u25a0- the human/ body.
(WhatiiSjit?//:/- \u25a0.:;;' / I' .
"Scholar — Sand.;. : ; . ."-- ....
THE SMART SET
One of the most Important affairs of
the week will be the. Century CluV re
ception to-morrow night in its luxurious
new clubhouse 1 on Sutter street, at Frank
lin, at which the retiring president. Mrs.
Edward C. Wright/will be the guest'of
honor.
The cards announce the reception hours
as 8:30 to 11 p. m., thus permitting the
men friends of the enterprising club
members a chance of adjudging women's
capabilities as householders..
The weddings for to-day will be led by
that at noon of Miss Elizabeth Callender.
daughter of* Dr. and Mrs. John Anton
Callender, and Josiah Crosby Beedy, the
service to be read in Trinity Chapel be
fore a few friends. A small reception
and breakfast will follow.
i MiS3 Frances Allen, daughter of Mr.
! and Mrs. /Harry Allen, will be married
at 3:30 o'clock to-day, at Trinity Church,
Bishop Nichols, assisted by Rev. .Dr.
Clampett, •officiating.
In the bridal party will be Miss Harriet
de Witte Allen, maid of honor; Miss
Emma Grimwood. Miss MatUe Livermore.
Miss Natalie' Coffin and Miss Jessie
Wright/ bridesmaids; Frank Flndley, best
man- Charles P. Grimwood. Leonard
Chenery. Stafford Colby ' and Lucius
Allen, ushers. '
The church will be filled with guests to.
witness ; the ceremony," though only inti
mate friends are bidden to the reception
at the house on Pacific avenue.
.• • •
Miss Elsie Dorr will exchange vows
with Lieutenant Claude Ernest Brigham.
United: States army, at the Dorr home
on Hyde street, the service, at 6- o clock,
to be very quiet, with only the families
and a few close friends present. Miss
Jessie Dorr as maid of foonor will be the
only bridal attendant.
•' • •
The wedding of Miss Emily Stuart Tay
lor and Ernest A. Wiltsee takes place to
day in Paris. The bride is noted on two j
continents for her beauty, having been
sought by all the prominent artists or
Europe to sit " for her portrait.
Miss Taylor is the daughter of the late ,
Stuart Taylor of San Francisco and a
niece of Mrs. Pierre Lorillard Sr. j
• • • '
Mrs. Vanderlynn Stow will be hostess
at a large tea at her home on Broad
way, the affair to be held next Saturday,
from "4 to 6.
* • . • •
Mrs:vJohn Harold Philip will be hostess
this evening at a theater party In, honor
of her house guest. Miss Adalene John
son of Cleveland, Ohio." •
Mile. Eleanor Joseph will be honored
at Laurel Hall Club to-day, a large num
ber of guests to be in attendance.
Society is delighted to know that Dennis
O'Sullivan will give a song recital on the
PEOPLE IN THE PUBLIC EYE
Constantin Schususs. a young. Rus
sian, supposed to be Count Consjtantin
Stranzinski. is studying railroading In
this country. /.He is not taking a
course in any college or technical
BChool. but is at work on the New
York Central Railroad, learning the
business from the bottom up.
Rev. Thomas J. Gillen, rector of St.
Mary's Church,* Pawtuckeit, R. 1., has
established a school of domestic arts In
which the girls of his parish" are fitted
for the practical duties of ahouse. It
has proven one of the most successful
experiments ever made in a* parish and
the results have been remarkably sat
isfactory. 1
Miss Pauline Chrisman has been
sworn In as a full-fledged "policeman"
in Pueblo, Colo., and is believed to be
the first woman in the" West to wear a
star. Miss Chrisman : is a newspaper
worker, and has made : vigorous -war
against expectoration in public places.
The police authorities thought " she
could do more effective work If en
rolled on the force, so she was given
a star.
Balbino Davilos of City of Mexico,
a well-known litterateur, who has
translated into Spanish some of the
beat American poetry, has been ap
pointed to the Mexican embassy staff
at Washington. He will accompany
Embassador Casasus to the United
States. ." .
Lady Harcourt. who has arrived at
New York from Europe after an ab
sence of manx years, is the daughter
of the American; diplomat, and his
torian, John Lathrop Motley, and the
widow of the late Sir William Vernon
Harcourt, -one of the most eminent
leaders and statesmen of the Liberal
party.
- Directors of the Metropolitan Opera
Company in New York are' said to be
considering the advisability of forcing
the resignation of James Hazen Hyde.
This is because so much notoriety has
attached to Mr.* Hyde through disclos
ures mad* in life insurance affairs.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
'bRITT AND NEL.SONT— S. W.. City.
Bfitt and Nelson fought twice. In the
first fight Britt won on a decision and
in the second Britt was knocked out.
DISTANCES— J./C S., Fowler, Cal.
The distance by sea from San Fran
cisco " to . Panama, i5"3228/miles and by
sea from* Colon (Aspinwall) 'to New
York is 1981 miles./
REPAIRS TO A STEAMER — J. M. C,
City. This department has no informal
tion as to the cost of repairing the
steamer named in your communication.
Suggest that you address a letterof in
quiry to the agents of the steamer.
PHOTOS--rl* . Tracy, California. The'
statement -made to you that
graphs of , criminals Incarcerated In
the prisons of California' never leave
the prison As not - correct. Such are
sent where/ in '; the interest of Justice,
they will do the most good./
COPYRIGHT.— J. L-./City. If you write
a communication to the Librarian of Con
gress/Washington, D.C.. you "will be sent
all the Information you desire about copy
right.-Vlf an author : sells ' an' article > to a
magazine : he loses ; all /rights" therein. 7 /It
becomes/ the ;\u25a0 property of - the ; publisher,
and: if = he ! has same \u25a0 copyrighted, the
author has no claim in .. that copyright.
OLD I- LADIES' HOME.— I^ J. R. f Oak
land, .Cal. This /department was correct
when it recently: answered - that ' the \ Oak
land/directory did "not 5 give the name of
any i'*Old Ladies'." Home". In that* city. No
onej looking^ fori f "an* f old ladies'* home" \n
the directory, .would look for.it under the
heading of ; "The 5 Ladles'. i Relief Society
Home for- Aged SWomen."/ This corre
spondent ; gives/ the", lnformation that the
home named J is located "at 343 Forty-fifth
street ': 'w ':."-;\u25a0\u25a0-/"; ? *.-,'.
THE REASpN/WHTZ-A; S./ CUy. The
reason : that Ja/premium.'has ; b*en offered
for .'a dime' of 1834 la i that in "that year but
twenty-four /coins ; of ~ that J denomination
were ? coined \u25a0in % the ; branch ; . mint ' at I San
Francisco, 1 consequently, they are rated as
SALLY SHARP
evening of October 2i— a piece of news
t that is pleasant to indite. Mr. and Mrs.
' O'Sullivan are preparing to l«ave for
London in November and the songs will
be given as a far&weir affair.
Mrs. Frank Deering, who is giving a
series of bridge parties through the sea
son, was hostess at the second affair yes
terday afternoon, entertaining a dozen
guests. ' , :
• • •
MiS3 Margaret Stow was the honored
guest yesterday at a luncheon given by
Miss Laura Baldwin.
' The tea given by Miss Christine Judah
yesterday afternoon at her. Washington
street home was largely attended. Miss
! Adalene Johnson, the gtiest of honor, be
j in? warmly greeted by several old friends,
besides those meeting her for the first
time Miss Johnson, who is the house
guest of Mrs. John Harold Philip, will
be one of the season^ debutantes.
Mra-.Alanson Weeks was hostess at an
affair yesterday afternoon of double
value; her pretty new home on Spruce
j street being warmed by a card party at
which were present a large number of
; guests.
Bridge and five hundred were equally
indulged and enjoyed after all the at
tractions of the house had been duly
i viewed. .
• • • -
The wedding of Miss Claire Tom Mur
ray and Cole Stafford, both of Red-wood
City, was quietly celebrated at the St.
Francis last week by Rev. George C.
Adams, in the presence of only the im
mediate relatives and a very few Intimate
friends.
Mr. and Mrs. Stafford are in the north
ern part of the State on a weddias jour
ney, after which they will make their
home in Redwood City.
• '-\u25a0"'• •
Mr. and Mrs. J- Parker Currier spea*
in glowing terms of their trip from which
they have recently returned. In Portland
many society affairs were given in their
honor and in Ottawa, Canada, much at
tention was shown the Calif ornians by
Engli3h statesmen.
Mr. and Mrs. J. K. Walker of Salt Lake,
who have many friends in San Francisco,
entertained Mr. and Mrs. Currier with
lavish hospitality during their stay in
that city. . ' - .
Mrs Gregor Grant Fraser and Mrs. Ar
thur Barnard" are with their parents at
the St. Dunstan. Mrs. Barnard being in
town from Larkspur, her summer horns.
• • •
Mr and Mrs. R. H. Pease and R. H.
Pease Jr.. who have been spending the
summer in Portland, will return home
next Saturday morning.
Stuart RawUngs left Monday for a brief
Eastern trip before returning to Mexico,
where he will remain through the win
ter. - •
According to report, Henry Morgan
thau. the banker, who la one of th«
chief patrons of opera, has let it b«
understood' that he is averse to serv
ing on thfe-lsoard with Mr. Hyde.
Emperor Francis Joseph of Austria
attended the iwcent army maneuvers
and sat his h6rse for three hours la
a drenching rain, in- spite of remon
strances from medical " advisers. As a
result he caught cold and the doctors
revenged themselves by ordering him
to bed for two or three days.
The old royal house of Hesse, a Ger
man principality, rarely loses a rela
tive below the age of 70. The land
grave Alexis, who died recently, was
76. . During the nineteenth century
forty or fifty members of the family
crossed the big divide, the youngest
having: reached the allotted three score
and ten and the oldest being 92. This
wonderful longevity is possibly trace
able to the fact tha«t the Hesse family
has often intermarried with common
ers.
Rev. Paul H. Linn, who has just beea
appointed pastor of the Central Meth
odist Church. Kansas City, returned
only a few weeks ago from a trip
around the world. He was accompa
nied by his wife and by Mrs. Linn's
mother. During the journey, which
occupied a year, the party traveled
more than 40.000 miles. Rev. Mr. Llna
resigned the pastorate of a church at
Maryland. Mo., so that he could maki
the Journey, his object being to make
a . personal Investigation of the . relig
ious world.
A German publicist who spent a part
of the "summer In a boarding-house at
Telgnmouth, England, says: "English
seaside visitors display moat remark
able ingenuity In sustaining a lengthy
conversation founded on no other topic
than the weather. When this Is ex-
Ifausted they turn to their aches and
pains. Each individual adduces soma
striking examples of bodily suffering
on his or her part, and the combined
ailments of (the company afford themes
for endless discussion." *
DON'TS ON NAMES.
Don't name a baby after a hero unless
the hsro has been dead several years.
Don't liampeT a boy with" a name that
will ; prove a heavy handicap in life. ."
Don't name a girl after a flower. Think
of an old; woman called "Pansy" or
"Daisy."
Don't name a girl Violet, when her dis
position may be that. of a tlger-llly.
. Don't tack a fancy name on a kid. It
makes him a target for his companions.
Don't, name a child after a relative
from i whom you * have "expectations."
Tae ; relative may jret marry.
Don't forget that the man with the
common name of William Is more likely
to write checks than one labeled Percy.
—Portland Telegram.
scarce coins. During that year .many
dimes were coined . in oth*r minta. but
such "do not , command "a premium. Only
such as have the ; San Francisco mint
mark are valuable. "•/
THE GORDIAN KNOT.— T. It 7W..7 W..
Santa' Clara. ;Cal. "The "Gordlaa .knot"
originated Gordiua,* a peasant who.
when chosen King of / Phrygia.. dedi
cated ' his -wagon to Jupiter and fast
ened the yoke ;to a beam v.wtth a rope
of bark so Ingeniously that ' no /one
could untie tt." Alexander, was 'told 'that'
whoever undid the knot would relxn
over the whole " East. "Well, Z then,"
said the conqueror, "It is thus I per
form the * task." and so sayingr ne'eut
the knot in. twain with, his awordk/^"To
cut ' the "Gordlan knot" means to evade
a difficulty. , or get out of it in a sum
mary manner. .
Sl'JMurth st. (front barber).- best eyeslasscs;
•pec«.2Oe-30c: other store*. l 7 SOSSSa . •
Townsend's' Californt»^ srlace fruiti
and choicest candies : \n~ artistic nre
etched box *-s. New, store. 787 ' Market. •
Special information supplied daily, ta
business houses and public men by th#
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 3» CaU-%
ferula str««t. Telephone Main ioii « •SHOWS POSITION
OF LUTHERANS
Key. 0. Graver Contradicts
Critic and Declares His
Denomination Evangelical
STRONG ORGANIZATION
Church Society Composed of
Young People Has on Roll
Membership of Thousands
The second convention of the Pacific
District Luther League was held yepter-.
<2ay and last evening at the First English
Evangelical Lutheran Church. Geary
etreet, near Gcugh. the Rev. J. C. Pedeix
sen of Salinas presiding.
During a discussion on "Lutheran Lit
erature" the Rev. O. H. Gruver, paetor
of the First English Lutheran Church.
Oakland, speaking of the lack of Infor
mation regarding the position and history
£i the Lutheran church referred to an
%-ticle which appeared, in one of the Oak
land papers en Monday, evidently, he
paid, from an Episcopalian regarding the
exclusion of the Unitarian church from
the Federation of C.hurches In the East.
The reverend gentleman stated that the
vTiter had said in effect that If they ex
cluded all those who were not called
'•evangelical" It would necessitate not
enly the exclusion of the Unitarian de
nomination from the federation but also
the Roman Catholic. Lutheran and Epis
copalian denominations Which were also
in principle "non-evangelical."
The Rev. Mr. Gruver in an animated
explanation of the position of his denom
lr.fation said that the Lutheran church
•was the oldest evangelical church, and
that part of its incorporate name includes
the word "evangelical." He strongly ob
jected to the writer's classifying the Lu
theran c-urch as "un-evangelical," hold
irg at the same time that the Lutherans
were the first to "fight for the pure evan
gelical truth."
The Luther League was founded in this
city last March. It hap gained in great
number since its establishment ten years
ego in the East and has a membership
ci 200,000 young Lutherans. The object
cf the organization is the preservation
<f all the young people in the denomina
ton, and to engage them in active Chris
tian work.
One of the first acts at the morning
session was to rename the organization
the "Central California District Luther
League."
H was also resolvfd to lay before the
J^xt convention the desirability of hold
'^9v the convention annually instead of
t' mi-annually.
Among the speakers were the Rev.
FhlUp JLndreen. M. A.. Rev. O. H. Gru
ver, Rev. E. Meyer, J. A. Bohn, and the
Rev. E. H. Hadlock, Ph. D.
The league voted to enter upon mis
eior,ary work and Its first charge will be
In the Indian field, where a native boyi
will be educated at the expense of the
organization.. There was a rally in the
evening, at which the Rev. Mr. Meyer
cpoke on "The Church and the League:
What the One Expects of the Other," and
Mr. Andreen's address was devoted to
•'Lutheran Optimism."
PERSONAL.
T. J. Field of Monterey is staying at
the Palace.
D. S. Rosenbaum. a banker of Stock
ten, is at the Palace.
J. B. R. Cooper, the Monterey banker,
is staying at Hotel St. Francis.
L. E. Stern of Newark, N". J.. is in
the city on business and pleasure,
W. "V\*. Burdoe, of Vancouver, B. C.
and his wife are at the St. Francis.
H. N. Tag! , a merchant of Toklo,
Japan, is registered at the St. Francis.
J. N. McCormack and wife, from
Bowling Green, Kentucky, are at the St.
Francis.
A. L. New. manager of the system of
vircless telegraphy at Los Angeles, is at
\he Palace. \u25a0-\u25a0 -.'.'"'
vL.I. R. Lipplncott of the United States
*ff clamation Service is registered at the
f:. Francis.
Harry Lang, a merchant of Portland,
Oregon; is registered at the St Francis
with his wife.
Captain Bettelheim. who has been
spending two or three days with some
friends on a shooting trip on the pre
serves of the Colusa Gun Club, Is back
apain at the St. Francis, and will leave
shortly for his home in England.
j. E. Wheeler, Treasurer and Tax
Collector of Yreka, is here on business
and is registered at the Grand Hotel.
John T. McMillan, assistant hydro
jrraphcr of the local hydrographlc of
fice at the Merchants' Exchange, has
returned from a month's absence In tha
North.
Richard J. Jose, the famous tenor
vocalist, departs this morningr for
Cleveland. Ohio, where he opens & sea
son In vaudeville that will continue
uninterruptedly until next April.
CfiUfornian* la Parl*.
PARIS, Oct. 17. — Miss Lucy F.
Adam* Of San Francisco Is visiting: In
I>rls.
MISSING PEOPLE REPORTED
TO POLICE AND CORONER
Hu«b Brsnßiß I« Supposed by His
Friends to Be Under a Youns
.Man* Hypnotic Influence.
police were notified yesterday of
W'b disappearance of Hugh Brannan of
<T9 McAllister streejt. He has not been
6cen or heard of since October 12. His
triends say that he occasionally gets
tender some hypnotic influence and
goes off with a young man named Ed
ward Durand, who hangs out at Fourth
and Minna streets. Brannan is 31
year* of age, five feet nine inches tall,
dark complexion and hair, blue eyes
and smooth-shaven.
The disappearance of Edward Briner, \u25a0
a telegraph operator, who has a room
at 924 Post street, was also reported.
He has not been seen since October 11.
He Is 44 years of age. tall and slim,
fair complexion, smooth-shaven.
W. S. Blythe. 2544 McAllister street,
stepfather of Roy McKean, 15 years
of age, reported the boy's disappear
ance to the Coroner yesterday. The
boy left home last Saturday and has
no*, been seen since. He Is five feet
four Inches tall, brown eyes and hair.
POSTCM CEREAjL. .
IF COFFEE |
Acts as a POISON to you, i
POSTUM
» SHOULD BE YOUR. |
I DAILY BEVEILAGE. |
I ••There's a Reason." |
VISIT EMPRESS WITH
MISS ROOSEVELT.
Miss Marjorie and Miss Anna Ide, daughters of Henry Clay Ide; of «
the Philippine Commission, arrived here yesterday and tell of accom
panying Miss Alice Roonevelt to Pek|ng> where they \u25a0were the sruests
for one day of the Dowager Empress. They found the old lady a de
lightful hostess and say that the visit to her palace was like living
through an Arabian Night's dream. They explain how Minister .
Rockhlll offended General Corbin and Admiral Train by failing, to
return certain rails and by other violations of the niceties of polite /'
society. They /ay that Governor General Wright is very popular In •
the Philippines. "
Commissioner Ides Daughters Arrive
From Orient on America Maru.
DAUGHTERS OP PHILIPPINE COMMISSIONER HENRY C. IDE, WHO ARRIVED I
FROM THE ORIENT YESTERUAi ON THE AMERICA MARU. THEY GIVE
A GLOWING DESCRIPTION OF THEIR VISIT TO CHINESE COURT.
Miss Anna L. and Miss Marjorie Ide,
daughters of Henry Clay Ide of the
Philippine Commission, arrived yester
day on the Japanese liner America
.Maru. They accompanied Miss Alice
Roosevelt and members of the Taft
party to Peking and are still bubbling
over with enthusiasm engendered by
their visit to the ancient capital, where
that wonderful old woman, the Empress
of China, was, for a whole day, their
hostess.
On the occasion of that visit the Em
press laid aside the reserve behind
which for years she has ruled with
absolute power her millions of subjects.
Her palace, so long a place of mystery,
was thrown wide open to her American
guests, and th*e old woman, who has
been depicted as the essence of every
thing unlovely, proved a most delight
ful hostess. Before the guests de
parted each was presented with a
souvenir of the visit. Each of the girls
received a beautiful pearl and the men
were not forgotten.
Miss Marjorie Ide said yesterday that
her visit to the Empress was like liv
ing through a chapter of "The Arabian
Nights." and when the pearls were
handed around like streetcar transfers
she could have screamed with delight,
not because the g\tt was a pearl of
great price, but because,of the Oriental
abandon with which the precious gems
were distributed.
"And there was a funny old lantern
in one of the halls that I certainly
would have rubbed if I could have
reached It."
"VTu Ting Fang, former Minister from
China to Washington, acted as Inter
preter for the Empress. Wu, in the
presence of bis royal mistress, was a
very modest individual and Invariably
placed his face on the floor before ad
dressing her.
EMPRESS IS MAGXETIC.
"The Empress has a very magnetic
personality." said Miss Marjorie Ide,
"and one of the most interesting faces
I ever saw. Except for a look of
cruelty, which comes and goes like the
shadow from a shaking limb, she had
almost a motherly look. She was very
kind to us and greatly Interested In
everything we said and did. The Em
peror was there, but does not seem .to
count. He did not seem to know what
to do and the old lady pulled, him
around by his wide sleeves and jerked
him' most ungently into whatever posi
tion she thought he ought to stand. He
submitted like a lamb."
The visit to Peking, however, was not
Arabian Nights for everybody. Miss
Roosevelt had the time of her life. The
Ide girls ditto. General Corbin and Ad
miral Train enjoyed themselves. The
other members of the Taf£ party were
delighted with the experience.
For United States Minister Rockhill,
however,' the American invasion was an
unhappy visitation, which may involve
him In laborlo.os correspondence with
the powers In Washington.
Minister Rockhill has been so busy
all his life acquiring the knowledge and
experience, the - possession of which led
to his selection by President Roosevelt
for the execution of \ a mission of ex
traordinary delicacy, that he has failed
to familiarize himself with some of the
essential requirements of high society.
1 General ' Corbin Is a veteran of wide
dra-wingr-room experience. In Washing
ton and in the army he Is knownas a
stickler for the* niceties of life. Ad
mirar Train also knows what's what In
the social line. -.
THE SAN FRANGISGO CALL, WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER; 18 r IHO^.
General Corbin has made bitter com
plaint to Washington about the scant
courtesy shown the party by Minister
Rockhill.
TRAIN ALSO TO COMPLAIN.
The Misses Ide say, that Admiral
Train will also, they believe, make simi
lar complaint. The trouble, as they
tell it, would, probably lead to Rock
hill's acquittal if the case were laid
before the people of a democratic re
public, but if Rockhill Is judged by
the Corbin and Train standards the
unfortunate offender will probably be
subjected to several real hard slaps. '
The Misses Ide say that Minister
Rockhill failed to return several. calls,
some of them social, some' official.
Therein, they say, lies the sum and sub
stance of his offending. According Jo
dispatches from Washington, Minister
Rockhill will not be recalled, as the af
fairs of the embassy, other. than social,
are being administered wisely; and well.
The Misses Ide have made their home
in Manila since 1900, when their father
was appointed a member of . the Taft
Commission. Every year thayliave left
the Philippines for a few months and
their visit now is for their annual
change from the tropical climate.
Of the probability of Governor
Wright's removal, Commissioner Ides
daughters say. they know nothing.
"Governor Wright Is the : loveliest
man in the world and nobody In the
Phillpines wants to see him go away.
He is going to take a vacation soon
and visit Washington. Further than
that we do not know, but we hope he
will continue to be Governor."
The Misses Ide are staying at the
Knickerbocker and will remain in this
qlty for several weeks. \u25a0
CLUB HONORED
BY GOVERNOR
AND HIS WIFE
t Governor and Mrs. George Pardee were
the guests of the California Club yester
day afternoon in the beautiful new, home
of the club, where,! the chief executive
made a snappy little talk upon j the edu
cational virtues : and vices of . California,
thrusting a few^solar-plexus jolts at the
school houses of San Francisco, whereat
he extracted a" soul^arming .;.- applause
from the club , members. , ,
.After the address the Governor and his
wife were presented to f three' hundred
members, the guests of honor bearing up
bravely ; and smiling . unto the end.
Yesterday ,was - not j. the , first , Gov-'
ernor • Pardee : -, had : met ; ; members \- of
the : California , Club— he had; met
them in , Sacramento \huntine-- for
his ; "signatures." ; But ; ; that the ;. club
.forgave him V was •;* apparent ; ' by f the
very friendly, greetings "betwixt him
and club ." leaders .and 'the , cup; of ; tea
they all \u25a0 drank ; together j: in | sweet i com
raderie and to ."better success next time."
j It : la not ; true : that the i: Governor, wan
dered over the ; , new -clubhouse jto 7 find
the bar. '\u25a0*, He drank tea right at theUea
table, and to- all> appearances he Jllked
it: At any. rate he i didn't, "balkl at itv£j
| Mrs/ Pardee made^ many friends amonip
the clubwomen.-whOjWereJmpressed' with
her charming " wit and ,' social "qualities.'/:-!
. Dr. Decker, dentist, . 806 Market; . specialty
Colton Gas for painless extraction of teeth.W>
MISSES WHEELS
BY A MIRACLE
Child Is Caught on. Fender
of: a Kapidly r Moving
Electric Car and Saved
WATCHES FEOM WINDOW
Mother of Unlucky Eulie
0 ? Toole Sees Her Daughter
Close to Violent Death
.While her terrified mother watched
from a ; wlndcw, 8-year-old Eulie
O'Toole, allowed to go out alone, nar
rowly escaped death beneath the wheels
of a trolley car Monday. .'The child was
crossing Sixteenth street, near Valencia.,
while the mother watched with anxious
eyes from a window in their home, 3070
Sixteenth street. .
The little one ran behind a dirt cart
directly in front of a southbound Fill
more-street car. She saw the heavy
vehicle swooping down upon her and
stood as one dazed. Motorman John
Greigs saw the* child and reversed his
lever just in time.
The child was caught in the. fender
and lay -there stunned and helpless,
while the car rolled on for several
yards. The mother, watching, at the
window, gave a shriek of agony and
fainted. She thought her little one had
been caught beneath the heavy car and
crushed.
Little Eulie was suffering from the
shock when she was taken from the
fender, but otherwise appeared unin
jured:, 'The fender worked perfectly.
Credit is also due the motorman for his
promptness in stopping the car.
When seen yesterday Mrs. O'Toole
was still terribly unstrung because of
her baby's narrow escape and she will
probably give the child proper atten
tion hereafter and keep It off the street
unless some adult is with it.
Though the child was apparently un
hurt wh«n she was taken off the fender,
she complained of internal pains yes
terday. She Is now under the care of a
physician.
YOUNG MAN ENDS HIS LIFE
BY TURNING ON THE GAS
Daniel Danleln, Brother of a Wealthy
Chicago Manufacturer, ! In 'Found
Dead In Bed.
Daniel Daniels committed suicide In
his room a,t 1>55 Larkln street yester
day morning. Mrs. F. 11. Morrison, the
landlady, detected the odor of gas com
ing from his room about 10 o'clock,
and the City Hall police station was
notified, as the door was locked. When
the police arrived with the ambulance
the door was forced open and Daniels
was found dead In bed, with gas escap
ing: from two open Jets. The body was
taken to the Morgue by Deputy Cor
oner Fennell.
Danielb was ; about 25 years of age
and was a brother of Oscar Daniels
of the Oscar Daniels Company, struc
tural iron workers. Unity building,
Chicago, with local offices at 203 Front
street.
A. •S. Ballentine, local superintend
ent of the company, called at the
Morgue and said that the young man
was of a peculiar disposition. . He had
left his home in Chicago and gone to
New York, finally making hts nway
here, where he was employed by Bal
lentine as timekeeper. Ballentine
could assign no reason for the suicide.
ADVERTISE3iEivTS.
A Magazine
of Entertainment
CSome admircVs of
McCLURE'S have called
it the "typical man's map; a-
zine/* but no woman can
fail to care for such stories
as "The Hinge," by Mary
Stewart . Cuttingf, and "A
Brand from the, Burningf,"
by Guy Wetmore ; Carryl in
the October number.
i S. S. McCLURE COMPANY
f 44-6O East 23.1 Street
NEW YORK x
| UNIVERSITY SCHOOL^!
. University-
Preparation for »
Boys of •
All
V Ages
Arthur C. Wfflard, 5.8., Prin.
;*; * Mass. Inat' Tech. ; '
231OaaySt.,S.F.
ffiP^ rAI>O ALTO.
BHr^ The chance ' of a l' fe -^^H
UUbSST time. Big, broad lots, yO
WtitSf 50x150 and 200. as low
Bg as $275. Facing
wS STANFORD %
m UNIVERSITY H
H5 Cement side walks. gradea H
film Btrefts. to be done free of cost «\u25a0
BSft to purchasers. Buy now. fll
mgL You will never have another JM
WBl such opportunity. 1 $10 a :
HSSk month or cash. Call or senl A^R
|H^k for pictorial catalogue.
Bl c. m. \vooster co.^l
/FOR SHERIPF>
Peter J. Curtis
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND
repukucanp nominee; i.
'\u25a0'jf\ \u25a0\u25a0 k|A Ammunition, HuntinK'-and
111 IhlI 1 Sporting Goods. Largest
In 9 IHI stock. Loweflt prices. Send
IIIIIvIS for catalogue. .
Wl W\o SHREVE & BARBER CO..
-- . . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 v.. ..-\u25a0" "739; Market' at:" and 621* :•
Kearnyst.V
I House Work
Thevdrudgeryof house work seems never *f M WfAAsmi
ending to tired-out, dispirited women who Jw7li
Wm*. ' suffer from female complaints or Irregularities. In- C^^^flf
pf flammation and ulceratlon of the womb and ovaries causo fearful |!«j
bearing down pains which are aggravated by much standing oh the jf.'J
mm -• feet, and lifting necessary In house work. |/|
W But let no woman despair of relief from this torture. That famous |;:1
jm tonic reconstructor of diseased or disordered female organism, pi
I iydiaLKnkhanfsVegetaMeCompotmd I
fm has cured more than one million American Women, and It will cure Eg
jm you. \ When monthly periods are painful or Irregular, when ,back- p|
m aches and headaches drive out all ambition, Lydla E. Pinkham's k\
H Vegetable Compound will bring back health, strength, and happiness. |q
11 It Ga.ve Me New Life a.r\d Vigor ijl
Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — Last spring, while we were movlnr, I did eonsiderabl* |i|
more work than my strength permitted, and, having mental trouble at the same time. If <f|
HI my health broke down completely and I found myself unable to rest or eat. My nerv- f:A
aM ous system became shattered and I was pale and emaciated and had to take to my bed. |^|
§H My sister advised me to try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and. P<|
I*l although I had no faith In patent medicines, I was so miserable that I would take any- &4
iPi thing for relief, ! found that it made a complete change for the better, inducing appe- |V|
Wm tite and restful sleep and Imparting new life and vigor to my entire system. |4J
g&l i gained nearly fourteen pounds, my complexion looked fresh and clear, and my feyj
Wm best friends were surprised and pleased at the change and could hardly credit the fc£|
pisi fact that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound had accomplished it. yy%
\u25a0;. Do not let disease make headway. Write at once to Mrs. Pink- g|
fll ham, Lynn, Mass. Her advice is free and will contain Information of fyf
8 Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound Cures Where Others Fail \u25a0
.. %. _ -..AMUSEMENTS. _^
GRAND OPERA
Performance Begins at S o'clock Sharp.
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY NIGHT.
CARMEN
With Alice Colman. Ticci. Coppola, Moreo
Ceryi. . . • - .
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
SONNAMBUI.A
With TETRAZZINI. Bazelli Gravina.
FRIDAY NIGHT.
OTELLO
With Petrella. Grasse, A nglolet ti. Salassa.
SATtTRDAY MATINEE.
IL MAIUIIKUI- [)1 SIVIGLIA
With TETRAZZI. Bazelli. Gregoretti.
Dado, Cervl. .
SUNDAY NIGHT.
RIGOLETTO
With TETRAZZINI. Bazelli. Gregoretti. ;
REPERTOIBK FOR NEXT AVEEKI
TUESDAY NIGHT— DINORAH
With TETRAZZINI. Brazelll. Gregoretti.
WEDNESDAY NIGHT— OTELLO
THURSDAY NIGHT — LUCIA
FRIDAY NIGHT— LA BOHEME
With Copnola. Moreo. Ticci, Gravina,
Dado. '"- '\u25a0' \u25a0• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0"•\u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0• • \u25a0
SEATS ON SALE for All PERFORMANCES.
WIRELESS
- Demon»tra<ed by Captain Bloom i "
The Three Nova rom Raymond ami Ca»-
erly; Dean Ediiall and Arthur Forbes;
ARTHUR PRINCE;
The Melani Trio; UrownlnK and Wally i,
.. Orpbeuin ' Motion Pictures, and
LESLIE & DAILEY.
Regular ' Matinees Every Wednesday,' Thurs-
day, \u25a0 Saturday ; and Sunday.
Prices — 10c. 25c and 00c.
AT r* A T A T> Belas c» & Mayer.
ALCAZAR': ISSBSB3SI
\u0084'.,:.. Business Manager.
. "A Company of Stars."— Call.
"Remarkable - production."^— Chronicle. •
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. 'AND SUN.
' •Winston S Churchill's \u25a0 Civil "War Romance.
LiTe CRISIS
Eves., 25c to 75c: Mats: Sat, Sun., 25c to 50c.
- MATINEE NEXT SUNDAY.
NEXT MON.— First Time in This» City
- . , • Clyde \u25a0 Fitch's Eccentric Comedy. '
APRIL WEATHER %
y As Played by Sol Smith Russell. •
SOON— Virginia Hnrued's IRIS.
~~" , \u0084..-. .-..\u25a0-. — J
Market ; Street^" Near Eighth; Opp. City Hall
•V; Phone South 633. -
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
- The Thrilling ' Melodrama, - .
''IRiliAßdiD
THE WORLD"
100 . People -en the Stage ! : Gorgeous ; Scenery I
\.:POPULAR -PRlCES— Evenings ; 10c to 50c;
Matinees.: 10c; 15c and 25c. :.
"- ~; Next-^«THE GHtL ; ENGINEER."
T% T> TT C TJ 17 O • FOR BARBERS, BAK-'
OriU dfll!il3 ers > bootblacks, bath-
."!>.* ,-Tf *,^~T.i houses,, billiard -tables,
brewers, bookbinders., candy | makers, cannera. s
dyere." flour mills, - foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, J printers, painters, shoe factories, • »U-
blfcnr.en. tar-roofers, r tanners, \ tailors. ; etci =
; BUCHANAN BROSU :
i Brush Manufacturers. 600 Sacramento St
ADVERTISE3IEXTSw
AMUSEMENTS.
TYRICfIAU
SSmt 119 EDDY ST. ML MaBOVE MASON
THURSDAY NIGHT AND SATURDAY
MATINEE, OCT. 21.
HAROLD BAUER
PIANIST
Reserved Seats. $2. $1 CO and $1. Now on
sale at Sherman. Clay & Co."s.
Mason and Hamlln Piano Used.
EXTRA! " EXTRA!! EXTRA!!!
EMMA
Ip^#!§ t A M r \
\u25a0R^ ' v ,? !\u25a0 §m 1111 1 1 m W
ALHAMBRA THEATER
THURSDAY NIGHT. OCT. 28.
SATURDAY MATINEE. OCT. 28.
Seats $3. $2. $1 50 and $1. Ready to-morrow
: morning at 9 o'clock, at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
• " Baldwin - Piano Used.
i _____^ — — — — — ——— — —
ipiiiii
"* BUSH STREET
- PHONE MAIX 127.
CHAS. P. HALL, Manager.
' TO-NIGHT AAD EVERY EVENING.
Matlnees> Friday. Saturday, Sunday.
The World Famous
"MAY HOWARD
EXTRAVAGANZA CO."
Preeentlnz
••Mile. Fi-Fi" an«! "The Roante"
Evening Prices— 10c. 15c. 25c, 60c, 75e. all
; reserved. Matlnses. 25c, all reserved.
:, Next Wefk—^» 4 The Star Show Girls.'* .
GRAND 555ig
EVERY NIGHT— MATINEE SAT. AND SUN.
The Most Popular American Play.
IN OLD
KENTUCKY
The Greatest of AH Horse Races
THE FAMOUS PICKANINNY BRASS BAND.
SPECIAL
OCT. Z>— SUNDAY MAT. AND NIGHT ONLY
PEGGY FROM PARIS ;
coming ''BEN-HUR"
MAJESTIC'c
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
Mattneea Thursday, Saturday A Sunday.
THE' NEiLLS
In* Paul Leicester Ford's '.Virile". Revolutionary
" - 'Romance. ' .
..JANICE MEREDITH.,
\u25a0 Next? week — Frank Bacon in "The- County
Fair. *.V Soon — "Tbe Light Eternal." .Prepara-
tion, ;"Lottery ' of ; Love."
Comlngr— "lf ; I Were . .
Evenings, "• 25c. :\u25a0 BOc, ; TSc.^ Sat. Mat., 25e, 50c.
Bargain Mats. Thnrs. and Sun, 25c everywhere.'
Notary Public aad Attorary-at-I.avr.
Tenth Floor,' Room 1015. Claus Epreckels bid;.'
- -• :' Telephone Main 953.
. , Residence. 'lSo2 McAllister st. ,
'Residence Telephone Page SOIL
tUULUiYiDI A mm yeas
LAST A WIGHTS MAT. SATURDAY.
Last Time Saturday -Visht.
ELEANOR RQPSQIM
In Her InternationaJ Success.
"MERELY MARY ANN"
A natural comedy by lmrmi Zangwlll.
%£F*" SUNDAY NIGHT
* Following his Great Australian Triumph*.
ANDREW MACK^
la his latest Irian comedy aucces* "' -
44 TOM MOORE."
Hear Andrew Mack render th« splendid
Bom hit* «_...«.
Prices during- Mack engagement. 23c to $1 sf>.
They're all coming — "The Prince of PUmti.'
"The Sho . Gun," "Tha College Widow."
ArnoldoVJaguars,
Panthers and Leopards
And \u25a0 Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and E venln x fa* the Theater.
RIDB E* THE CIRCM: SWCIQ!
VISIT TOE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD!
A3IATEXJR NIGHT THTRSDAT.
HARE ANIMALS IX THE ZOO.
ADMISSION.. 10c | CHILDREN 5o
See Mla-non. the Pound and a Half Baby.
In the Infant Incubator. '
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
The Reigning Sensation I
ROLLER SKATING
MECHANICS 1 PAVILION RINK
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Admission ' 20c. Ladlea Free at Mata.
BASEBALL!
'at recreation park.
SEATTLE vs. OAKLAND.
WET>.. \u25a0 THUR3. and FRIDAT 3:00 p. m.
SATURDAY 3:00 p.,m.
SUNDAY • 2:30 p. ra.
Admission, 33c; Grand Stand. 50c
J MISCELLANEOUS.
THE
PALACE
HOTEL
Comjrmed Air cleanla* plant.
Room teleshoaea.
' Steam heat and own flr*».
. Perfect ventilation.
Pipe orran and orcntatra.
Perfect ««rvlce.
Unexcelled eutaln*.
Every luxury attainable-
Pennyroyal pills
\u25a0 JT-Zr Orl e t.«l «»4 Oaly HtmmSmm. \u25a0
*\u25a0<< C^k. »r CHICHESTEK'S ENGLISH
L**k£j?SQ.la KKI> »»-* Hold mttkllo tuw. tn.*4
*tvT— TS*''3 "*«> W« ribbon. T>ka \u25a0• •tfcor. Betas*
C Ig nums* *>t VmrU*m inn. Te*Hm«i>taU '
\m» Jft Md"K«ll«f f«-L«4l«fc-w.u.«-,>ri».
_X £r ura MaU. !•.— Tii»ll»««iil» S.ul »/ *
~^<~~V sU Inolita. - \u25a0 Cklehaatav Ckaalaat C»» \
awilnrtlij | - M«*l*»» a«mjur«. rnMJLji^ fAm
910
. SPORTS
PAGE
SULLIVAN GETS
THE DECISION
Tommy Burns Is Outpointed
by the Twin in a Twenty
ftound Gk) at Los Angeles
BOTH MEN FIGHT FAST
Boston Man Has the Speed
and Whips In Many Tell
ing Punches to Stomach
LOS ANGELBS, ".. Oct. 17. — After
twenty rounds, of clever fighting, In
which the winner clearly outpointed,
outgeneraled and outfought his oppo
nent almost 'from the commencement
to the finish, "Twin" Sullivan was
awarded the decision over Tommy
Burns here to-night. The decision of
Refere Eyton manifestly met the ap
proval of the crowd. The largest gath
ering that has yet assembled in the
new pavilion of the Pacific Coast Ath^
letic Club witnessed the fight.
The betting odds were elightly in
favor of Sullivan at 10 to 9. Sullivan'«
blows were more effective after the
first few rounds and they soon told oh
Burns. By the end of the eighth round
the latter's nose was bleeding, one eye
was closed and he • was considerably
worried from the vigorous punishment
he had received on the body.
Burns fought for Sullivan's head al
most entirely, but his blows failed to
land with effect. Sullivan exhibited
cleverness in ducking and side-stepping
and in covering up from the attacks of
his opponent and was obviously the su
perior boxer of the two. His blows
aimed at Burns' body were always well
calculated and rarely failed to reach
their mark.
Before the fight was half over Burns
was showing the effects of the body
punishment he was receiving and the
continual hammering took away nearly
all the steam he exhibited at the start.
Neither man, however, was badly used
up at the end of the fight. Sullivan
showing but a few slight evidences of
the encounter.
In the preliminary Warren Zubrick
knocked out Rube Jeffries In the second
round.
college: golf experts
meet ix a tourxamext
Harvard. Vale, Princeton and Columbia
Ready to £trnKsle *©r Intrr
c««n»-Kinte Cbamplonnblp.
GARDEN* CITY. L. 1.. Oct. 17. — Start
ing with a match between teams rep
resenting Yale and Columbia univer
sities, the annual Championship tour
nament of the Intercollegiate Golf As
sociation began to-day on the links of
the Garden City Golf Club. Five uni
versities are represented, the other
three being Harvard, holder of the
team and Individual titles; 'Princeton
and Pennsylvania.
The two matches will occupy to-day
and to-morrow and the struggle for
She individual honor. will last through
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
HORSES AXH DRIVER
GO OVER E3IBANIGIEXT
Walter Settle Narrowly Es
capes Injury in Attempt
to Save Team.
Walter Settle, driver for F. A. Rob
ertson, 20 Rincon place, came near los
ing his life in an effort to sav-i his
team from going into the excavation
at the corner of Geary and S'cckton
streets a little after 1 o'clock yester
day afternoon. One of the hordes was
probably hurt Internally anJ may »iie,:
w while the wagon was broken to kin
dling wood.
The Incline leading frori .the.exca-!
vation is so steep thaS. It fs ->ecessary
to help the teams up by «ne&ns of a'
cable and steam power. Settle had.
loaded his wagon and ' started up .the
Incline. When, nearing the top thtr
chain fastening gave way and the full
Tveig'-u "ot the load was throwi upon
the horses, which, being" unable to
hold it, began to back '.sow:i the in
cline in a zigzag way. The driver;.
realizing 1 t!ie danger of both himself
and his team, tried to cramp the wagon
and prevent an accident. H> was un
successful, however. a.nd the team and
driver went over into - the excavation;
about (twenty-five feet below. - , '
'The driver stayed with the team, and
as the. wag&n went down he was.'
thrown to one side into the deep sand
and escaped Injury. One of the horses;
was badly hurt and it was thought for.
a while that it would have to be sho^t,
but after nearly two hours , it Began to
' recover an*! toward evening the own
er succeeded in getting it home. The
wagon was patched up and taken to
the shop for repairs. .' ..'.
This is the second accident of this
kind that has happened in the same
place and in the same way within two
days. Monday afternoon Frank Jef
fries was driving out with a load,
when the cable gave way and the team
'was thrown off the grade. The acci
dent happened near the bottom and the
team did not have far to fall or a seri
ous accident have beeni the re
sult. Jeffries saw his danger and
jumped, thus saving ..himself ..without
an attempt to save his team. X
CAMP COIVirORT
Will enrely be realized if you
have & yood supply of Marquette
Whiskey. It is acknowledged by
ill who enjoy outdoor sports to
possess the finest aroma - and
jaost delicious flavor of any
«rh(skey ever offered American
people. Furthermore, it's. pure.
Aek for It wherever you go.
GUOM3IEB A ULLRICH.
Distill*™,
CHICAGO. ILL.
lam Fre«ei»cw Branch 8 Beale St.
MeLp^viette
STANFORD TAKES OREGON INTO CAMP
ANANIAS LOSES
GREAT BIG LEAD
Ormonde's Right Comes on *and
Wins in the Einal Dash ~
Special Dlepatoh to The CtU.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— The programme
to-day wag as inviting as ever and while
there were some withdrawals, the card
was 'good throughout After the running
of the fourth race two men were arrested
on, t lie grand stand by Pinkerton officers.
It was said that they signaled
persons outside the course.
Ormonde's Right was at his best and
easily won* the third- race from a small
field. Ananias was in front ! for about
three quarters of a^ mile with Palette,
a length in front- of Ormonde's Right.
At the far turn, the latter went to the
front and was. never headed, winning
easily by a length from Jxmis H, which
closed strong in the stretch and got the
place. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; for
two-year-olds.
Benin*.. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. ft. Tin.
2 to I— Oak Duke. 107 (W.Knapp)l la 16
2to I— Sly Ben, 107 (J. Martin.. 4 4 8 2 6
Bto I— J. Reddlck, 120 (Burns). 8 5 1 8 h
Time. 1:13. Start good. Won easily; Win
ner, Oneck Stable's b. c. by Florist-Fatality.
Water ; Grass, Consistent, Old Guard, Special
License finished as named. .
SECOND RACE: — One mile and a sixteenth;
for thr»e-year-olds and up; selling.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
10 to I—Grenade,1 — Grenade, lot* (W.Buch.) 2 2 i 1 h i
40 to I— N'vrbury. 10G (Creamer) 4 1 n 2 6
1« to o — M. Richar"n, lOC (Sewll) 1 4 I^3 B*
Time, 1:46 4-15. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. H. McCormlck's b. g. by St. Ga
tlen-Turmoil. Yorkshire Lad, Jetsam, Memo
ries, Antimony, Bradley 1 * Pet, Amberjack,
Lady Jocelyn, Telephone. Captain Buckle, Jen
nie JItO .be finished as named.
THIRD RACE — On« mile and a sixteenth;
handicap for all aces.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
11 to 10— O.'s Right, 115 ((Davis) 3 2 % 1 1
7to I— Louis H., 100 (Sewell). 5 3 2 5
4 »i to I— Palette. 102 (Notter)... 1 3 I^3 2
Time. 1:47 2-5. Start good. Won eas*y.
Wluner, S. Paget's eh. c. by Ormonde-Right.
Caronal, Ananias finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; th« Hunting
ton Staked three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
sto I— Belle Strome, 99 (Wiley).. 2 21 12
2to s—Keator,5 — Keator, 100 (Mclmyre). .. 8 33 2 1
Sto I—Craraphlne,1 — Craraphlne, 09 (Perrine) . . 1 1 1 1£3 2
Time, 1:13 3-5. Start good. Won cleverly.
Winner, S. Paget's br. f. by Ben Strome-The
Humber. Pelham finished fourth.
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-oldf;;
selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Bto lO— Brush Up, 106 (Wiley) . . 3 1%1 3M
30 to 1-^Yada. 10t> (J. J. Walsh). 2 4*, 2 h
15 to • I— Water Mirror. 99(Horner) 7 3 1 3 h
Time, 1:14. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
M. L. Hayraan's b. f. by Ben Brush-Miss Lau
demon. Confessor. Lochinvar, Hannibal Bey,
Jack McKeon, Head Dance, Suffice, Gotowin,
Goldfieur, Niblick and Phoebus finished as
named.
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; maiden two
year-olds; purse:
Betting. Here?, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9to s—Good5 — Good Luck, 112(Buchanan) 8 til 13
15 to I—Peeping1 — Peeping Tom. 112 (Miller) 4 11 2 h
13 to s— Samson. 112 (O'Nell) 15 6 1 3 1
Time. 1:14 1-3. Start good. Wen driving.
Winner. M. T. Tichenor'e b. c. by Sandring
h&m-Pocket Piece. Tambeau, Greenland, Tho
rum. Elevation, Proposer, Rickey, Tarlac, Su
preme, Ethelred, G L 11, Left and Optical fln
ikhe 1 as named.
JAMAICA ENTRIES.
XEW YORK. Oct. 17. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Jamaica:
race, six furlongs, handicap— Bad
News 126. Tat Bulger 124, Ivan the Terrible
122. Frontenac 114, Cloten 112, Toscan 109,
Graceful 110. Astarita 100, Kinleydale 95,
Gold Rose 92, Isadaisy 83, Cognomen 120.
Si:cond racev mile and one-quarter, selling —
Rossmor.d 104/ Lord Badge 103, The' South
erner 102, Athlone ICO, Sonoma Belle 98. Joe
Lesser «9, Oro 84, Sir Brlllar 95, Red Ruler 94.
Panique »4, Strcmo 99, Dick Young 97.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, sell
ing—Rustling Silk 105, Mollie Donohue 104.
Little Flea HHrH r La Sorclere 104, Herman John
son 102. Goldsboro 102, Ingleside 102, Andria
101. Margaret M 99. Cassandra 98, • Crosswaya
MO, There Now 97, Montanus 97, Incorrigible
102. Ala Russell 101.
Fourth race, mile and one-sixteenth, South
hamptcn handicap— Woodsaw 118, - Martin
Doyle 114, Tongorder 112, Coy Maid 109, Oli
ver \u25a0 Cromwell .105, True Wing 105, Rose of
Dawn ;n>, Gamara-99, Incantation 07, Black
Prince 95, Flftiders 94. Gold Rose 93, Mirth
less 90.
Fifth race, "five and a half furlongs, maid
en tillies — Delude 110. A/ineia Lady 110, Good
Julia 110, lolanda 110, Royal China 110. Azure
110. Swell Girl 110, Fanny 110. Caprice 110,
Orlflamme 110, Usury 110. Meddling Daisy 110,
Maudina 110. Miss Ltngard 110, Skyte 110.
Sixth race, mile and one-sixteenth, maidens
—Banker 110. Copper 110. Father DUO, Maid
of Timbuctoo 107. Brilliant 107, Gambler 107,
Chrysolite 107, Myrlca 107, Norn de Plume
107, Arietta 107.
JAMAICA SELKCTIOXS.
By th? New York Morning: Telegraph.
First rave— Gold Hone, Frontenric,
Graceful. " ,
Second rare — Joe Lwicr, The" .Sonth
erner, Ort«. .
Third race— Andria, Montnnuo, Cas
kp.ndra.
Fourth r«<"c" — Ho.se of Dawn. Black
l*rin<-e. Coy ai:it«l.
• Fifth race— Caprice, Uaury, . Delude.
: Slxtl; race — Copper, Chrysolite, Gam
bler. -
Weather tlear. Track fa«t. '
RAIDS UPON LOCKERS
AT TENNIS COURTS
Detective Departnient Baffled
for Months jyy Bold
Thief.
. For several months a petty, thief has
been plying his or her vocation in the
dressing-rooms at the park tennis courts.'
The culprit has thus far proved ! too
clever for the detectives, detailed at
various times to put an end to the
thievery. . Lockers • have . been broken
open repeatedly and so >*; bold has \u25a0 the'
pilferer become, as a result of long im
munity from arrest, that of -late ; several
raids have taken place within a single
week. \u0084 : \u25a0\u25a0—'>•
Not long. ago. the. Detective Department
believed, that it had landed ,the thief in
the person of Lee C. Folse, an eccentric
character who haunted the tennis courts.
There ; was |no evidence implicating Folse
in the park thefts, but while he was un
der surveillance he '.was detected in an
attempt to break into a . Japanese store
in the down-town district.. Following 1 his
arraignment in the Police Court Folse
was turned over, .to the Insanity Com
missioners, who decided that he was a
fit subject, for? the \u25a0 .Ukiah asylum.
Since • Foise's , arrest there have been
three daylight burglaries ' at'« the ' tennis
court dressins-rooms. The last : two of
these .would indicate that * the thief is
some young woman . with' a fondness for
finery or a parent whose daughters are
equipped with wearing , apparel at the
expense of (the, young. ladles ,who play
tennis. Mies Golda ' Myer, one of \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 the
cleverest players of the Ladles' Annex
of the Golden Gate Club,, was the victim
on both occasions, the thief depriving her
first of jeweled hatpins, several yards
of ribbon ; and , other articles,, and later
returning for; her shoes • and hosiery. -] A
purse lying 1 . In plain view was untouched,
as .was the/wearing: apparel of another
young lady using the locker, k Seemingly
Miss Myer Is unfortunate in that, her rai
ment supplies, a proper fift or the \u25a0 young
woman' whorls' profiting \u25a0;\u25a0 by -the .; raids
upon' the; lockers. "*
\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 ... \u0084\u25a0 ' _;.":\u25a0...\u25a0:..;;/ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0..,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0:\u25a0 ':-\u25a0\u25a0: v- . .•\u25a0.\u25a0-:.\u25a0;.\u25a0-.•-. ...... •-.\u25a0 - -,\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - -.c^gslaSNi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER IS--1905,
BELDEN'S NOSE
FIRST AT WIRE
Calabash and Malabon Eim
Him a Merry Kace Before
He Brmgs the Coin Home
Special Dispatch "to The Call.
*• CXNCINNATI. - Oct. 17.— Another ,large
crowd witnessed good sport at Latdnia
to-day. A- fine card was presented, • but
without any particular ; f^a:ure. Prob
ably the best race was the fifth at six
furlongs for two-year-olds. Belden, . Cal
abash and Matabon finished close -to
gether in -a.. driving: finish in the order
named. Summary:
. FIRST, RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-old*
and upward; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey St. v *i Fin.
11 to a— Blk; Fox. 11l (AlcLaghln) 4 5 Z 11&
12 to I— A*ellna. 98 (Morris) ..... 52121
Sto 1--F. 108 (Treubel) 2 12 3 1
Time. T: 1-1 1-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, Hughes Bros.' .blk. g. (7) by St.
George-Marie Jansen. Delagoa 108, Gay Boy
11(3. Full Sway 105, Euba i) 7, Show Girl UW,
tinished as named. :; f.~ '.';;:
SECOND RACE— On c mile and 100 yards;'
three-year-olds and upward; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey St. % Fin.
4to I—Careless,1 — Careless, 08 (Morris)..'.. 1 It> 1 J,i
12 to s—John5 — John Lyle. 90 (Hicks) .. .3 2 4 2 3
sto I—Fonsoluca,1 — Fonsoluca, 102 (Allen).. 2 3 4 31'
Time. 1:47 3-6. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. H. Devlin & Co.'s eh. g. (4) by
St. , Leonards-Indifference Harmakis 102 Brand
New «8, Neva Welch 93, Bonnie Prince Charley
96, Small Talk 100. Harry Stephens 98, Hor
tensia 102. finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
maiden nil ies; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey St. \ Fin.
6to 2— Woggle Bug, 100 (Swain) 2 24 1 5
12 to I— Polly Forest, 115 (Nlcol) 3 3^24
Sto I— Tarp. 100 i (Seamster) 10 4 1 3V,
Time. 1:15. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. K. J. Welles & Co.'s eh. f. by Box-Eitra.
Trlsauce 105. Llsbia 105. Mlnnehaha 100 Blue
Silk 108. Grace 100, Sonata. 105, Addition ICS,
First / Advance 108, Silver Chip 100, Pauline
Boyle 100, Daught 100 finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-old»
and upward; purse. .
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. : Fin.
7to 2— Coruscate. 11l (Hall) ...4 4 6 11
9t02-^-Plrate Polly. 101 (Swain) 1 '1 W 2 5
15 to I— W. Plume, 116 (Treubel) 5/2^3 1
Time. 1:40. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner, H. J.. Perry & Co.'s eh. m. (5), by Chor
ister-Royal Gem. Foxmead 104, Topic 104
Taplda 104, Sis Lee 105. McClellan 101, Bow
ling Bridge !>B, El Cuchlllo 101, finished as
named;.
FIFTH RACE) — Two-year-olds- soiling.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. 31. 'Fin.
12 to s— Belden. 95' (C. Morris).. 1 8 1 1 h
Ito I— Calabash. 107 (Shea)... 3 12-21
7to I— rMalabon, 99 (Dlgglns) ..452 32
Time. 1:14 2-5. Start fair.. Won driving.
Winner. James Goss & Col's br. c. by Hand
spring- Allte Belle. Lieber 08. Grenade 100,
Bitter Hand 97, Dick Brown 92, Sherrill - 85,
finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
four-year-olds and upward; selling :
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin
oto 2— Dungannon.DS (Koerner) 4 1 h 1 4
4to I—Monochord,1 — Monochord, OS (Allen).. 3 4 1 2 1%
25 to I—Athena,1 — Athena, 103 (F01ey)..... 7 5 'A 3 h
Time. 1:48 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, C. H. Knebelkamp & Co.'s b. f. (4) by
Dungurver.-Distress. Gold Bell 97. Doeskin 9»
Ethel Davis 98, Plautus 99, Dell Leath 94*
Brown. Vail 94, Ahola 96, Buck Knott 97
Axares 99. finished as named. ' ;
L.ATOXIA ENTRIES.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 17.-^-Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Latonla:
Flr6t race, five and a half furlongs— Mayor
Duncan 9\ Mr.. Wadlelgh 9S, Royal Income 98
J. H. Montgomery 105, Wild Indian 103, Great
King Alive 105, Bourbon News 101, Obcron
10», Addesso 104, Oliver 106,- Hedgethorn 108
Elkdom 111, Welsh 103, Tom Combs 101. '
Second race, one mile, selling— Tete Nolr
0»J. Chief Mllliken 98, Intense. 9», Labor 102
Wexford I<2, Florlzel 102, Sarah Maxim 102*
J. P. Mayberry 102. Dr. Wang 105, Envoy
105, Little Giant 107. ,
Third race, six furlongs, selling— The Only
Way 97, Steel Trap 101, Oddoletta 101, Pre
sentation 102, Signal II 102, Miladi Lovelo2
Ed Early 102, -Jack Ratlin 105, . Frank Bcli
100, Marco 100, i Bclltoone 106, Ayr 107. Kos
coe.loB. Royal L'gend 110. \u25a0 . - ;
Fourth race, six furlongs,' handicap— Inter
light 94, Quinn Brady 10.1, Leta Duffy 105
Hot Toddy. 106, Osee 107. Minnie Adam 3 116.
-Fifth' race, steeplechase,, handicap, club
house course — Narod • 127, >. Itacatlara 138
Sweet, Jane 141, John - E. Owens 145, Claea
Leader 130, Charawlnd- 105.
Sixth race, one mile and a quarter, sellirfg—
Male Hanlon'93,; Hickory Corners 93,. Royal
Amis 93, ' Plautus ' 9B, Lady Mistake 100, Fa
lernian 103, Glisten 105. '
LATOMA M3I.ECTIO.XS.
By the New York . Morning: Telegraph. s
First race— .\dde«so, Hedffethorn,
Tom ' Combs.
Second nicp— Wexford, Intense, Chief
Millikrii. .
Third race— Row-oe, • Hoy«l Lrgend,
Jack Ratlin.
, Fourth race— -Interllgrlit, Hot Toddy,
Once. :T- - • ':-''-'\u25a0 " '' \u25a0
• • Fifth \u25a0 race— STveet : Jane, \u25a0 John 12.
Owenn, Chnrnwiu«l.' , '
'- Sixth race— Falernlan, ..Mate Ilnnlon,
l.ady Mininke. " - ' *
Wenthcr ; elenr. Track mood.
COFFEY SUSPENDS :
: EXECUTOR NAGLE
Takes Control of Elizabeth
Boyne Estate Out of
His Hands.
; James L. y Nagle .was } suspended yes
terday as executor, of the will ; of the
late Elizabeth: Boyne, whose estate » he
was accused of, grossly, mismanaging'by.
the Rev. Fathers Yorke, \u25a0 Caraher. and
Wyman. C The order suspending.. Nagl'i
was ; made lby "Judge Coff ey, and, judg
ing _from the' remarks of the court, aii
order finally .'.'dismissing; Jilm ,from the
management of : the .estate | will : be made
in two weeks, atiwhich; time-, he -has
been ordered ; to flle his final account.;
-: : When the orfler suspending Nagle; was
made yesterday { his .brother, Charles G.
Nagle,' who represents him as his attor
ney,. made -a -Imild »\u25a0 protest;;' asking
whether or. not the suspension order
was^made Rimrly/ to hurry; the filing, of
the account vor.~ whether ultimate dis
missal was intended. '\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 . .
"Wellj" "said:, J udge \ CofTeS'. "I have
tried : to •be most: lenient iin % this matter,"
arid have ° suggested ; since"; this • hearing
began that , the find a way to
resign. -However."!^ if counsel would
rather.that this* court s remove instead
of •' suspend j the "executor "I : am - willing
to accommodate^ him.' i But pet I the - sus
pension? stand;: arid i let; me ; make^ a fur
therUntimationlas to > mv» opinion re
garding, this case.^l It is my opinion. that
there arelinterests.lnlthis casethat can^
not be properly^ attended : to i by i the"presf''
ent^exocutor.in vlew'of ithe peculiar po-'
sition he occupies.:; I; trust that this will
be considered 7; by ? the ; executor." before
this >ase* ls again' called.'; ; ;
I .Upon ' motion' of ? Attorney ' Humphrey,
Publlc'Adminlstrator-Hynes" was ap-
CARDINAL FLAG
WAVES ON HIGH
Stanford Plays Webf ooters
With More Success Than
the Bine and Gold Team;
£ONTEST IS EXCITING
Visitors' Fumbles Greatly
Assist Lanagan's Outfit
; in Securing Its Scores
PARK WINSLO W
The LTniversity of Oregon football eleven
went Uown to defeat before Stanford var
sity at Palo Alto yesterday to the tune
of 10 to 4. Two inexcusable fumbles on
the part of the visitors, were largely re
sponsible "for the cardinal victory. The
contest was full of ginger- and abounded
in sensational plays. Stanford made a
touchdown , and a goal in the first half
and both teams kicked a field goal ,in
the second period of play. . The chief
point of Interest about the game was that
it was expected to furnish a line of; the
comparative strength of the- California
and Stanford elevens. It provided rather
an opportunity for a comparison of weak
nesses.
The home team kicked off and on the
second subsequent play Friesscfli of Ore
gon dropped the ball. : Stanford got the
pigskin on the thirty-yard mark
easily worked it through on guard and
tackle plays to a toucadown. After
Chalmers had carried the ball over Fen
ton finished a good job by kicking the
goal.
After the kick-off the cardinal got the,
ball to Oregon's twenty-flve-yard line by'
bucking when possible and interchanging
kicks when necessary. A fake by Stan
ford netted .ten yards' loss immediately
and subsequent loss of the ball. .For the
remainder of the half neither goal was
in any particular danger. When the time
allotted for recuperation had elapsed
Stanford went to work in earnest to in
crease the size 'of the score. After'fre
quent j exchanges of punts the cardinal
found itself stopped in the middle of the
field and was forced to kick again.
KRIESSELL. FUMBLES.
Fenton lifted the ball to Oregon's ten
yard Mine where Friessell muffed In the
most approved grammar school style. A
Stanford man fell on the pigskin and the
cardinal made ready for another touch
down^ Line plays brought the last streak
of whitewash eight yards nearer, out
there the lads from over the northern
border made a stand. Fenton was finally
called upon to deliver a field goal, .and
he made as nice a drop kick between
the posts as one could. read about.
When Oregon: got . the ball after' the
kick-off new life was put into the game.
Stanford grew weaker than ever at right
guard and both tackles. Line plays by
the visitors were all ground gainers and
when . Latourette went thirty yards
around Stanford's ' left -•' end 'the rooters
on the bleachers looked , glum. '\u25a0
Friessell pushed \ opportunity :. along a
little by cutting around Stanford's right
end for, another twenty yards. 7 The car
dinal made a stand 'which forced Oregon
to have recourse to u a place kick. ' Moullen
Bent the ball through the right aperture
and the day's' scoring was at an end.
. The children of Ralnland made a jflerce
fight to secure "a touchdown during the
few \u25a0 remaining- minutes - of play, but
failed. When the referee signaled that
the game ' was all over Stanford was
showing more class again.
The cardinal \ had a better > team and
should have had a score of two touch
downs to nothing on form.' A large crowd
of Stanford adherents was In, attendance
and cheered the victors lustily. The air
was Just chilly enough to be bracing for
the players. -Had the visitors been In
better condition and possessed stronger
shoestrings the progress \u25a0 of the contest
would have been measurably accelerated.
THINKS CARDINAL STRONGER.
The Webf ooters played a tie game with
California last Thursday. The blue and
gold lost as a result of careless playing.
The line, held better against Oregon than
did Stanford's yesterday. The cardinal
backs did better on. the whole than Cali
fornia's. The Oregon I coach says , he
thinks the cardinal ;is. a ; trifle stronger
than California. Stanford Is weak ap
parently In guards "and tackles with the
exception . of ..' v eteran \ - Thompson.- : :;. - Ths
right side of the. line is noticeably in
effective on defense.;
Offensively the rival teams- are about
on a. par/with Stanford having a shade
the better of it. ' Elliott and Jordan of the
State University are better. "than ' the
cardinal ends. . Defensively both elevens
show weaknesses ..which the coaches will
have a hard job to obviate in;the : morith
before the big game. It is expected that
Stott wlll;be back atVauarter ;wlthlnr a
week or two, : In i spite?. of his -injuries.
He is unquestionably the best man in the
position in the two squads. Each institu
tion should /put up ;a sign reading,
"Kicker, wanted." Yesterday's \u25a0 line-up
was as ; follows: ;
Stanford;"., r Positions. Oregon.
Stanford, Lamb... . iR-E-L-.Moores, Hammond
Gay. Tomasßlnl, ' \u25a0•\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0- ''-'\u25a0\u25a0
Crawford . . .*. . . : . . R-T-L.. Anspelger. Moullen
Frlzzell," ) Lane. . . . . . R-G-L. . .Moullen, Spencer
Meifino, Cox. r. : . . . Center .. ........... . .Hug
Thompson, 80g1e. ... L-Q-R .... .... .McKlnney
- Horton. Pemberton . . L-T-R ............... Earl
Lyon, Marks, Ryan. L-B-R ....... ...Chandler
Fenton | Lawmelster Quarter ....... Latourette
Chalmers R00k...'. R-H-B ..;.;.... .FTleseell
Vandervobrt, Dole.". ;L-H-B ....... . .Templeton
Crow." Brennan .".'.. ." - Fullback ...... . .". Kerron
\u25a0 : Referee. Hammond ; umpire,' Downing; .halves,
twenty : minutes. „: Score— Stanford 10, Oregon , 4.
SPORTS ANXIOUS TO SEE :
iii val; heavies perform
The heavyweight- crop .of -amateur
pugilists -will Vnow : probably : >be ; on - the
Increase, as ; Al'; Kauf mann, "the , - pile
driving puncher j'* has ! branched out as ' a
full-fledged professional. '\% j The
thorne j Club has \u25a0 secured ' ; two .strapping
big- scrappersl who stand V.wiithin^an
Inch of thejslx;and ; a. half foot-mark
arid tip thebeam at 195 pounds. * P.jO.
Davis, . one of .the "aspirants f for 1 honors
in \ the heavyweightTdlvislonjfis . a -son
of ; Jack JDavis, • the old-timer/ and^the
latter ' has : taught ; his boy 'quite a! few
of :the fine points^ of -the game, 3Ohe is
far from a s ''green : one."" :'_••' .
=> The i public, \u25a0 as general t rule, ; Is a
little--- wary;' of these '\u25a0:.. big -..'uns,', owing
to*J the r- few/ -fiascos i in?, the past, V • when
'r'Big Bill 1 ;- Rlckards .; and i Hilljard | foist
ed their" claims ;on the -I- local - sports.
However,'; Clasby ; and Davis kre ; likely^
looking • bruisers ; and ? have" no : superfiu-"
ous ; on Hheir $ bones,- so? some T geii^
ulne fighting *can>be v looked for. by- the
sports on; Friday night. ; : I.* ;.
rpolntcd \u25a0 special"; administrator, »to care
ifor '\u25a0:. the -estate 4funtil 7 further"-' or
"der.~ ;; In V; the y account *'* filed;Vj'ester
i day,; byjNßgle^ there f were I many," items
'for,; moneys' expended *without';explana-'
?tion|as; to .whntfsuchj moneys jhadibeen
expended ~i for4 andftunaccompanied /f jby
vouchers;^ Nagle : was gi ven \ two Weeks
to present such explanations "and .vouch?
\ ers,l failing Uoid6l»vhichjthe "court Iwlll
order such i items stricken from • the vao
count. "\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 '. \u25a0 ' ' '\u25a0'
SCHMIDT IS RELEASED
AFTER BEATING.
SMILING TWIRLER HARSHLY USED
Siwashes Develop a Healthy Batting Streak
RESULTS Otr . GAMEi.
Seattle 5, Oakland 2.
Los) Angelea 5, Tncoma 2.
• Portland, came off) rain.
\u25a0GAMES TO-DAY." 1 .
Oakland-Seattle, Recreation Park.
; ;.'San Fraudaco at : Portland. - \u25a0;.' '<\u25a0\u25a0
• Tacoma at Los Ansrelea.
• \u25a0\u25a0 — \u25a0 :":. : ' \u25a0 ./.\u25a0: ',-:\u25a0 \
STANDIXG OF THE CLUBS.
.PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE. '/
1 W. L. Pet. . - W. L. Pet.
Oakland \u0084...39 32 .549 Portland ...'.20 29 .500
Los Angeles. 3s ai. 630 Seattle .; 80 33 .476
San Fi-an 34 34 .500|Tacoma .... .27 35 .4.33
Smiling Schmidt, who has for three sea
/eons been a star on the Oakland slab arid
a : favorite , with- the fans wherever he
twirled, Vas <\u25a0 forced to^suffer a double
i humiliation at Oakland yesterday. After
getting bumped by trie Siwashes In the
eighth : inning, Schmidt was? lnformed by
President Clay Hobacker of the Oakland
club that he was released. The Oakland
magnate handed thig ' out before the
whole crowd and every one agreed that
Schmidt was treated shamefully.
It was sure hard luck, for the Oakland
slabster pitched beautif ull ball till the
Siwashes just fell in right during- the
eighth and sent a delegation of three
through in Jig time. Any pitcher is liable
to come in for his bumps when he- goe3
up against^a flock of sluggers like the
Siwashes and . surely. Schmidt's perform
ance yesterday did: not warrant the ac
tion which Hobacher took^
Oakland .'- was - leading . two . to one when
.Vickers started, off for Seattle with, a
drive to center. Two more hits from the
bats of Bennett and Kane made it a full
house. Along came old Ike Walters with
a resounding wallop between center and
right that kept right. on skimming over
the grass and brought everybody home.
That put the seal of defeat on the Oak
land contingent and made the Siwashes
kings for the day. .\u25a0 . "
When Oakland scored twice in the sixth,
it looked as though that would be about
all. Kruger started ; off with a triple
against the right field fence and Dun
leavy poked one nearly to the same spot.
Walters let the sphere- get away from
him and Kruger arrived and Dunleavy
went as far as third. Moskiman tore oft
a single, putting Dunleavy through.; -
When Schmidt began to get pounded in
the eighth round, Hobacker, who was
seated close behind the player's bench,
in loud tones informed all nearby fans
that he was about to release , Schmidt.
When the game was over, the magnate,
in unsteady tones informed the pitcher
it was good night for him.' He used some
strong ' language and Mrs.' Schmidt, who
was standing: n£ar, was severely shock
ed. Schmidt politely informed Hobacker
he would have to apologize and. he did
bo quickly.
The Oakland players are all very sore
at the action of Hobacker. If Schmidt
goes, it will 'be - for the club. ,It
was rumored yesterday that the directors
of the club would not sustain Hobacker's
action, so the smiling slab artist may
SENATOR BURTON
GAINS A POINT
Indictment Against Him Is
Declared Faulty by United
States Court of Appeals
ST. ; LOUIS. Oct. 17.— Judge "Willis
Vandeventer in" the United States Court
of Appeals • late to-day announced that
he h.id, sustained the 'demurrer to | the
indictment of United; States Senator
Burton of Kansas on "the ground that
the," indictment was'faulty. He ordered
that another lndlctnient.be returned 'at
at once;
'Before announcing 1 his decision Judge
.Vandeyenter explained his position, dis
cussing the incJictment in parts and
pointing scut \ its faults. He coincided
with the" attorneys .for lthe defense in
their, contentions that if their client
had entered "into, ah "agreement to ap
pear before the Pos to fflce Department
for compensation he' was entitled td
know with whom he "had entered Into
this alleged : compact." Judge Vande :
venter then r set -November 9 as the dato
,f or a special Grand 'Jury j to : meet and
: hear u witnesses v for the Government
against -Senator/Burton. ,'
rSenator Burton "gave 'bonds;- In: the
sum of ' J5OOO nssurlnjr his appearance
on that 'date and thereafter at the call
of the Government officers. • .^
WOODFORTH ? S zh
SECURES A DIVORCE
Proves Charges Against Ex-
United States District ~
Attorney. 1
"/: Mrs.\ Charlotte A.\ Woodworth secured
a . «lecree of '\u25a0;''\u25a0 divorce from- ex-Unit(j.l
; : States ' Di&trict v Attorney^ Marshall - \B;
! AVoodworth'in Judge Hebbard's depart
; men t« of: the S'ipcrior Court (yesterday.
lThe~ ; decree .was 'issued on ;the ground
!fof desertion.-* Mrs. Woodworth's allepa
itlon'thnt her husband! deserted [her over
j a'year ~ago~ was^corroborated,. and'^the
i : decree wn,s ordered? issued. -Mrs. Wood
i worthls given the custody at her little
< son,; Marshall *E.v' and ; alimony . in the
sum^of $75' a;rnonth: ~
• :;> r Decrees Tof- divorce- were: also grant
ed \u25a0; yesterday ".to V Kmiij' ~ L.. l'rofn James
fOwens;t for.; desertion ;V» Gertrude^ from
'Julius Isaacs, 1 for cruelty;' Jaines T. f rdm
; Bertha'-Mcßean; for j desertion; and Ella
r from! Jpseph'K./ Martini: for. cruelty:^;-;
<ISSuitsfor ( dlvorce,Herefiled ; by ' Jennie
S;i against; Charles ;G^ Hutchinsorf.J' for
! failure ?" to ,' provide ;.; May.- X against
\u25a0 .- F." Bl ake. < for,.; cruelty ; Hal \u25a0 ; H.
f against i Kthei ; Chrismanl for - desertion ;
• Farinle W/agalnstCWllllam O.jWarhock,
for \u25a0 cruelty.? and f Mrs.i: B. * E. ";\u25a0 against % l/.
;M.l Gilroy,< for, desertion. .- -"\u25a0- V- '
Landmarks \u25a0;-: Lengne .\u25a0 Meet* ' To-Nlsht.
K| The ..Historic- Landmarks
League\will .meet": to-nightr; at ) 8 :15 ;" in
the 5 lecture-roomTof i Mark Hopkins * In-"
stitute-of l Art,Tatiwhlch!the T completiqn
of J the* restoration^ of : Mission i San f'Ari
tonio".will Ibe reported, 3 . Con gressman* Jo^
Beph'R.-Knowland"topreslder;^ \u25a0 \u25a0; '\u25a0;.\u25a0',\u25a0''•
"\u25a0till*, retain ~ : his berth. The score:
V SEATTLE.
\~AB.' R. BH." SB. PO. A. E.
B*nmtt. Jb..........tf-. 1 2 0 5 3 0
Kane. c. t...... 8. ,2 3 10 0 0
J. Walters, r.f..;..* 0 1 0 1 1 1
Blankenship. 0.. •...*; 0 10 5 2 0
I Btrelb. *1b...'. .3 0 0 0 10 0 0
! Laut-rborn. 8b 4 0 0 0 3 1 0
Hall. 55........;.... 4 .1 1 0 0 2 0
H.-Walteri. 1 I. f......4. 0 -0 0 3 0 0
Vlckers. p 8.1 2J> J> _0
Totali ......... .88 .5 10 1 27 10 1
OAKLAND. (
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
• Van'Haltr«n.»o.'f...:3 / 0 00 3 0 0
Krager. r. f * 1 SO 3 0 0
\u25a0Dunleavy. 1. f.......4 12 0 2 0 0
i Moskiman, lb ..4:0 1 0 8 0 0
; Kelly. 2b 4 0 1 O 2 1 O
; Devfereaux. 55....r..* 4 0 10 2 6 .0
Richards. 3b........ 4 . 0 , 0 0 11 0
Byrnes, c 3 0 10 « 1 O
Schmidt, p.. •• 3 _2 _2 .2 — —
i. Totals/. ...iS3 L 2L 2 8 027 10 Xj
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattla 6 6 0 0 6 0 1.8-I—s
Hits- 0 o; 0 11 0 1 4 3—lo
Oakland .0 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 o—2
Hits ....1 0»l 0.0 4 0 11—8
'\u25a0 f SUMMARY. \u25a0
Thre«-bas« hit — Ki-iiger. Two-baso hits — Dun
leavy. J. Walter*. Hall. First base on «rror —
Seattle -1. First . base 'on called balla — Off
Vickers 1. off Schmidt 2.^ Left on bases — Se
attle 5. Oakland 3. Struck cut— By Vlckors i
5, by Schmidt 6. Double plays^ — Richards to I
Moskiman. Bennett to Streib." Time of game —
1 hour and 30 minutes. Umpire — Davis.
ANGELS START WITH A RUSH.
Two Oonblen and- Two Singles Beat
Tiger* In First Round.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 17. — Los Angeles
defeated Tacoma easily to-day by a
score of 5 'to 2/ The game was won in
ithe first^innlng, when the locals fell
upon Brown for, two doubles, two
singles, and a base on balls, which,
with a hit batsman, gave them four
runs. Keefe replaced Brown In the
second inning, but the game was al
ready lost. Score:;
LOS ANGELE3.
i'-^ t AB. -R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bernard, c. t 2 2 2 0 2 0 0
Flood. 2b 31-1 0 3 3 0
Smith, 3b 4 1 1 O 1 8 0
Dillon, lb 3 1 r 1 10 0 0
Cravath. r. f 4 0 1 O 2 0 0
Robs, 1. f 30 0 0 1 0 O
Toman, 5..» 3 "O 1 0 1 1 1
Eager, o. 4' 0 1 O 6 0 0
Gray, p 4 0 0 0 N l 1 0
Totals .. ...... ..30.- 5-^ 8 1 27 8 1
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, r. f \u2666 0 0 0 2 0 0
Sheehan. 3b ...4 1- 1 O 6 2 0
Nordyke, lb .4 -0 0 0 7 0 1»
Eagan. s. a '4 12 0 0 0b
McLaughlln. L( 4 0 0 0 0 1 0
Lynch, c. f .....'4 0 3 O 1 0 O
Casey. 2b 4.0 00 1 1 0
Graham, c 3 0 0 0 72 0
Keefe, p. 3 0 0 0 0 S O
Brown, p. '. .. 0 "© 0 0 0 0 0
* Kopan 1 \u25a0 0 0 0 0 0 0
. Totals :....... ..35 .2 6 0 24 9 1
•Hogan batted for- Keefe in. ninth inning.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
LO3 Angelea 4 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 x—sx — 5
Base hlu ..... 4 0 1 2 1 O 0 0 jc — 8
Tacoma ......... 0 1^ 0 : 0 0 1 0 0 l>-^ 2
Base hits 0\u25a0 2 « 0 . . 1 02 10 0 — 6
SUMMARY.,
Hits oft Brown — 4;. Two-base hits— Bernard.
Eager. Eagan. Sheehan: : Lef t . on bases Los
Angeles 7, Tacoma: 6.\ Bases on balls— Off
Brown 1, off Keefe '3.- Struck out — By Grar
6, by Keefe c. Passed balls — Eager 2. Hit by
pitcher — Flood. Rosa. .Time of game — One hour
and 40. minutes. Umpire — Perrine.
GEORGE Ar WRIGHT
ACQUITTED BY JURY
Embezzlement Case Before
Judge de Haven Is
Closed:
The trial of George A. Wright, a deputy
In. Internal Revenue Collector Lynch 1 s
service, on a . charge .* of embezzlement
was concluded before Judge de Haven
last evening, and : after being out two
hours the Jury brought in a verdict of
not guilty. The defendant was accused
of wrongfully v apprgpriating • $4252.
The day was - consumed by Attorney
Samuel M. Shortridge Inj' elaborate argu
ment: In behalf of the defendant and by
Deputy United -States 'District Attorney
A. P. Black for the prosecution.
DELIVERED LECTURE.— Mrs. Edward H
Kemp delivered an Interesting lecture under
the auspices of the California Camera Club at
th» Alhambra Theater laat night. Her subject
was "Among the Mesas." ,
Men v I \u25a0' 11 Cv re Yo u
Witli Electricity!
.^t^^^^^^^^^l ' • ' Electricity is animal vitality.
/4^§§Sv s^^S^fev Jt ls the f° un dation of all 1
strength. It is the fuel to the
l^l^^fefc--^*^" 1 '^l__-_-^^^^ .engine which runs the human
1 machine. Electricity, as I ap-
•^^^^^|?^^^^^^^^>- ply,it, is a source of new life
'\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 ' \u25a0'^WttfS'Z:' \ to all parts of the body.
• r No- man, should vbe weak; no man should suffer the loss of that
vital,: element :; which: renders life worth living. No man should allow
ihimself to 'become less a man than nature intended him; no man
should suffer for the sins of his youth, when there is here at hand a
certain check fb'r his weakness; a check to his waste power.
,- Most of the ;pains, ; most of ; the weakness of stomach, heart, brain
and. nerve, from which you men suffer,", are due to an early loss of -na-
ture's reserve power through mistakes of youth. You need not suffer for
this. You can^bej restored. The very, element which you have lost you
'.can; get back, and you may. be as happy, as ; any v man that lives.
E)r, Electric Belt
Restore^thesnap, the .vim and vigor of youth. Any man who wears It
can, be. a giant" in -mental and physical- development - Menan you vwfc
have.you pains in .therback.varicocele.i weak stomach, constiDation lum-
tbago,; 'rheumatism, -enlarged prostate gland, or- 'T- .J9-, i^.
any of .the -results, of \u25a0 early mistakes, excesses or r~-s£&&£f£~~^l, RCCJJ
overwork? My 'method of applying. Electricity EsS^^^^^sSSay**
while you sleep at nlpht will cure you. It fills the SSssSligiSMßl Plilp
nerves with the flre of life. . Sm«S| jMtfi
FPFF D II fl k" — Ever >' man who ad- |^^^^2^^S
fKEL PM-Mft.Vphyllcal^ 'i^^X^li^
read my beautiful. lllustrated book. It tells how U^^^dJ^^^^S.
strength is lost and how I restore It with my BtfjleSrtMwsfiKf W?&
Electric Belt. v l,w!ll'send this book, closely sealed \u25a0 Es^jpfXyS'SS C"^
free upon receipt of this coupon. If you are not BSS3 t *^H f !ii^ \
the man you should be, write to-day. If you can, R*3l3^f?^Pfvils( V">
call and see r me and I- will show you how you can rap^^AiTl i \u25a0 n'ln '1 \
be cured and give you a free test of my Belt. yy^e-w^^jgy^f *
Hi* M & Mr! A l l crH I j « 9C6 Market Street,.
EDITED BY \4
R. A. SMYTH
BIG ENTRY LIST
FOR FIELD DAY
Eleven Schools Are Entered
for Academic Trials at
Berkeley Next Saturday
NEW-KECOBDS EXPECTED
With Most of Crack Young
sters of. State in Going
Sport Should Be Exciting
The semi-annual field day of tha
Academic Athletic. League of Califor
nia is to take place next Saturday att
ernoon on the Berkeley cinder pat l^
If appearances count, for anything ttp^
coming meet will be a record-breaker.
Eleven schools, composing Alamt'cU
High. Berkeley High, Santa Rosa High.
California School of Mechanical Arts,
San Jo3e High. Lowell High. Palo Alto
High, Mission High. Ukiah High. Oak
land High School and Cogßwell Poly
technic College, -have" entered athletes
and a record-breaking day should re
sult..
One thing the pa,trons will not have
to contend with, and that Is a crowded
field. Secretary Potts will be very
"3tingy" with side Una badges and
spectators* views will not be obstruct
ed as they were at the las,t San Fran
cisco and Bay County.
- The entries are as follows:
ICG-yard dash: First heat — Pomeroy. P. A.
H. 3.J Lesrah B. H. 8.; Duncan. W. H. S.;
McQutddy. S. R. H. S. Second heat — Sites, O. ,
H. S.; Wray. U. H. S.; Knox. C. 3. M. A.; Le
Veau. S.J. 11. S.: Orchard, B. 11. S. Third
heat — Woodward, U. 11. S. ; S«pulv<*da, A. 11.
S.; McDonald. O. 11. S.; Read, U H. S.:
Hirschfeld, C. S. M. A.
440-yard dash: Pemberton. U. H. S.; Kerr.
S. J. H. S.; Isgrigg, B. H. S.; Chapman, B. H.
S.: Rathbone. B. H. S.; Weaver. P. A. H. S.;
Walker, O. H. S: Meyer, M. H. S.; McXa
mara. O. H. S.; Vail. O. H. 3.; Wilson. S. R.
H. S.; Purrlngton. S. R. H. S.; Brtgga, S. R.
H. S.; Crabtree. C. S. M. A.: Hirschfeld, C.
S. M. A.; Johnson. C. S. M. A.
120-yard hurdles: First heat— Ruddeck. U.
H. S.; Bressl. L. H. S.; Lumbard. B. H. S.
Second heat — Carpenter. V. H. 8.; Smith, R.
P.. S. R. H. S.: Peaslee. O. H. S. Third heat
— Eldridgt, B. H. S.; Dignam, S. R. H. S.;
Boyd. S. J. H. S.
880-yard run: Mayea. C. 3. M. A. ; Both we 11,
S. J. H. S. : Smith. S. R. H. S.; Blunro, B. H.
S.- Trowbridge. L. H. S.; Tlndall. U. H. "gg;
Rathbone. B. H. S.; McCauley, A. 11. 3.; VOF,
O. H. S.; Mcßain. O, H. »-: Greeley. O. 11. \u25a0'&.;
I^yughrey, S. R. H. S.; Thompson. C. 8. M. A.;
lleyer. 1* H. S-: Lanff. L. H. S.
220-yara daah: First heat — Isgrigs. B. H.
S.; Miller, C. S. M. A.: Macaulay. A. H. S.
Second heat — Legal, R. H. S. ; Pemberton. U.
H. S.; Pomeroy, P. A. H. S. Third heat—
Orchard, B. H. S.; Woodward. U. H. S.: Moore.
S. J.'H..S.:» McDonald. O. H. S. Fourth h*>at
— Buttgenbach. L. H. S.; Golcher, C. 8. M. A.;
Huntlcgton. O. H. 9.
-•2U-yard nurUlfcs: First heat — Jacobs, S. R.
H. S.; Lumbard, B. H. S. Second heat—Uud
dick. U. H. S.; Wilkinson, B. H. S.; Kant. C.
P. C. Third heat — Peaslee. O. H. S. ; Boyd.
S. J. H. S.; Proctor, S. R. H. 8.. Fourth heat
—Carpenter. U. H. S.; Smith, R. P.. S. R. H.
S.; Meyer M. H. S. Fifth heat— Eldridge. E.
H. S. ; Thompson. E.. C. Js. M. A.; Kerr, S. J.
H. 8.
One-mil* rua^-Maundrell, I*. H. 3.; Morrln.
B. H. S.; Munro. B. H. S. ; Tlndall, W. H.
S.- Bothwell. S. J. H. S.; Trethetray, O. H.
S. ; Free. O. H S.: Briggs. S. R- H. S.; Smith,
S. R. H. S.; Mayes. C. S.- M. A.: Thompson.
L. C. S. M. A.; Garvin. L. H. S.
Mile relay— a S. il. A... O, H. S., 3. R.
H. 3.. L..H. S.
Pole vault — Wray. Cleland, Cox, U. H. S.;
Kaat. C. P. C; Scott. A. H. S.; Vail. O. H.
S.: Fr«e. O. H. 8.; Hitchcock. S. R. H. S.;
Griffith. C. S. M. A.
High Jump— Bresci. L. H. S.: CarpenUr. U.
H. 8.; Boyd. S. J. H. S.; Kaut; C. P. C:
Moerin, B. H. S.; Peaslee. O. H. 3.; Mc-
Donald O. H. S. ; Proctor, 3. R. H. S.; Grif
fith. C. 3. M. A.; Johnson.- C. S. M. A.
Shot put — Amott. P. A. H. S. ; Scatena, I*
H. S.; Hildreth. U. H. 3.; Wray. U. H. S.;
Mcrrln, B. H. S.; Patterson, B. H. S.; Scott.
A. H- S. ; Greeley. O. H. 3. : Tr«theway, O.
H. S.; Taylor S. R. H. S. : Dignon S. R. U.
3.- Holmes. C. S. M. A.; Bromley, C. 3. M. A,
Broad jump— Bresci. L. H. S.; Ruddick. U.
H S.; Le Veau, S. J.*H. S.; Moore, S. J. \u25a0
H. S.; Chapman. B. H. S.; Scott. A. H. 8.;
Huntington. O. H. 3.; McXamara, O. 11. S. ;
Sites, O- H. S.; Jacobs, S. R. H- S. ; Taylor-
S. R. H. S. - JL
Hammer throw — Cleland, IT. H. 3>: Ir*^
dretb. U. H. S. : Patterson, B. H. 3. ; Isgrtg?.
B. H. S-: Arnold. P. A. H. S.:. Greeley. O. H.
S. - Tretfceway. O. H. S-; Taylor, S. R. H.
S.; Holmes. C. S. M. A. ; Johnson. C. S. M.
A.: Bromley. C. S. M. A.
The abbreviations are a3 follows: B* H. S..
Berkeley High School; L. H. S-, Lowell High
School; A. H. S.. Alameda High School; P. A.
H. S-. Palo Alto High Schoti*; C. P. C. Cogs
well Polytechnic College; C, S. M. A.. Lick
High School; U. H. g.. Ukiah High School;
S. J. H. S.. San Jeser High School; S. R. H.
S.. Santa Rosa High Schoo! : Q. H. 3.. Oak
land High -School; M. H. S., Mission HigH
School. ~
YOUTHS' DIRECTORY BAZAAR.— A largo
cr*wd attended the Youtns - Directory Bazaar
Jn the Mechanics' Pavilion last night. Mayor
Schmltz addressed the audience and School Di
rector Roncovlerl rendered several trombone se
lections. The prizes wth oe drawn to-night,
and Andrew Mack \ will render several OX nia
Irish specialties.AMERICA MARU
REACHES PORT
Liner That Aided in Defeat
of Russian Fleet Ar
rives From the Orient
OTHER VESSELS COMING
Toyo Risen Kaisha Ships,
withdrawn During War,
on Their Old Euii Again
The Japanese liner America Maru, Cap
t*io Philip Going, after an absence from
this port of nearly two years. ' arrived
yesterday from the Orient looking none
the worse for her active participation in
the battle cf the Sea of Japan and other
exciting events of Japau"s naval cam
paign against Russia. The Toyo Kisen
Kaisha is asrain doing business at the old
etand and the America Maru Is the lirst
of the three sister ships which were with
drawn from the San l'rancisco-Oriental
run. when the Mikado undertook to whip
the Russian bear, to return to the paths
ol peace. The other vessels will be in
commission shortly.
She brought 22 cabin passengers and
about 2000 tons cf freight. She left 1000
tens of cargo at Honolulu.
Among the passengefs were Lieuten
ants S. W. Brewster and IL C. Egan of
the United States Marine Corps, return
lr-g from service on the Asiatic station
li. L.. Blake. R. P. Metz. F. S. Roney and
C. B. Miner are all in the employ of the
Holland Submarine Company. They have
been in Japan for more than a year put
ting together submarine boat* for the
Japanese Government.
C B. Miner, who was chief engineer
of the Holland party, says that Japan is
now as wtll equipped with submarines as
any other power. He says that the late
v.ar has b*en a big thing for the Holland
Company, bat he would not pay what
part, if any. the submarines played in
the naval campaign.
"From the nature of our business." he
eitid, "you will understand that it would
be impossible for me to give out any
details of our work in Japan and for in
formation as to what has been done with
the boats we put together I must refer
you to the Japanese Government."
At Honolulu the America .Maru was
given a rcyal reception. From here to
the Orient theso boats were always pop
ular with port officials as well as with
the traveling public, and the America's
reception here, though less picturesque,
was quite as v.arm as at the island port.
William H. Avery. who represents the
company here and to whom much of the
line's popularity :s due. boarded the
America as soon as she passed quaran
tine and was delighted to find the pas
etngers falling ever one another to teli
him how well they had been treated dur
ing the voyage.
The work of changing the America back
from a warship to a passenger liner took
longer than had been expected and in
order to st-art on schedule time she was
put into commission in a good deal of
a hurry.
EL B. Thomas, who was steward on the
ilontara, ..which was captured by the
Japanese, 'was engaged as ohit-f steward
end according to the passengers he proved
a wonder, lie -so tickled their palates
that by the time the liner reached this
port the steward was the most imjx>rt
arjt individual on board the ship.
Captain Going, who formerly command
ed the Nippon Maru, served through the
•war as master in the Japanese army
transport service. He commanded the
hospital steemer Rosalia Maru, used to
convey wounded from Dalny to Japan.
I^ater he was master of the Manchu
Mam in which he carried, altogether,
ttbout 8000 Japanese soldiers to Man
churia. In recognition for his services
Captain Going was decorated with the
Sixth Order cf the Sacred Treasure.
C. Lacy Goodrich is the America's pur
err. Goodrich was famous before the
America Maru was built, although he
looks no older to-day than he fiid years
ego, when he was the Coptic's purser.
Goodrich looks about old enough to vote,
but there are few memories than can
go back to the time when be was not a
purser. Dr. N. P. Crooks, formerly of
the Nippcn Maru, joined the liner at
Honolulu a* surgeon. Ernest Bent is
chief officer. The chief engineer and oth
er officers are Japanese. \u25a0-'(
The America Maru served through the
*rar as an auxiliary cruiser. She carried
two I^-o^ntlmeter guns, four one pound
frs an.l two 47-millimeter guns.
She was through the battle of the Sea
$T Japan and when the surviving ships
of the Russian fleet fled, the America
2daru. being one of the' swiftest of the
euxiliaries. was sent in search of the run
aways. . * "i .-=
It was the America Maru which sight
ed and signaled the approach of the Rus
sian fleet.
She made one of the fastest runs from
Honolulu she has over made and came
irto port several before she was expect
ed.
• H«r passengers were.
lieutenant S. W. Br««gter, U. S. 11. C. : H.
L. t^ake. K. -M- Brooklield. Hon. Bouike
Cockran and valet. Captain J. Cartwrlght,
r.ieut£fi*rt H. C Hian, U. B. M. C: MS*«
Anna L. l&f. Mlf.s Marjorie X*. Capta'.n J.
ji;;;.-«, R. McQueen. J. E. Mathews and v.-l*e,
11. 1». Melt, C. B. Miner and wife, Ernest
P»ter?fn, M illyasakl, F. S. Pxney. Dr.
•nifcofore Stanley. Henry n. Williams Jr., Y.
Not In Any Trouble.
It w*» reported early yesterday morning that
«. echooner was ir. ths breaker* outside the
r,r-fe..s and the tug S'.a Queen was dis[jatch«d
to her assistance. The vessel proved to b«
the John G. North, from Port Gamble. She
was anchored at least a nsl!<>. out from any
l>!«s.kers and in no distress at all. The Sea
Qa«e:i lowed her Into the harbor. The North'
•w as eight <Jar» coasinir from Port Gamb2e,
end brought 364,000 feet of lumber.
Good Stillora Scare.
The sailor market Is nearly bare cf first
class seamen, ar.d the half dozen chips now
In th» stream awaiting: crer.e are bclag
fcanneil with difficulty. Amonff the vessels
st!*l wanting men are: The Poet Lo«ran.
Red Rock, Aryan. London Kill and Windsor
I'jsTk. The Scottish Mocrt has a crew, but not,
it is said, ct bailors. Captain Ledford would
like to *md njert than half hi* complement
•«here tout for the Impossibility of replacing
the men he would gladiy reject with real
tailors. "•Stiffs." the sailor dealers call these
unseasoned: tarn, and Captain Ledford, after
flucKtloning a few of th* men now in the
fore*as*tle of the Scottish Moors, came to
the conclusion that hie mate is going to earn
l:!s wages this trip.
"Ever at sea before?" asked the skipper of
one man.
"Sure, Mike." was the unsautical response.
"Say 'Elr' to me. I'm captain of this
ehJr>." - N - -
"Sure Mike. Any old t'tng jfoes wld me."
"Where's the fere royal yard?"
"Can't you find -It?"
"No Insolence, sir.* I want to find out what
you know about a ship."
•'Sure Mik*-". . -
VWhere'e the wheel house?"
"Dat ? s x eafy. See a'ongr der at de tla end
of de boat. Date it. Only I'd call It a donkey
cntine, we,?" ' .•" J.: \u25a0'
"And he looked more like a sailor than any
of them.** Vald Captain Ledford when relating
his 'troubles later to "a friend aehore, .
The Overdue List.
The overdue , French hark Cambronne. quot
r-«l for reinsurance at 10 per cent, arrived off
the port yesterday. She vte* out 153 days
from Blrkenlcfcafl. Eng. She received orders to
proceed .- to . Portland and did not come Into
the harbor. The vessels etlll on the overdue
list are:. Edmund. S5 per cent; Duchesse de
Berry. 15 per cen»; 6t. Donatlen. 10 per cent;
Principality, SO per cent; Affezlone. . 40 per
c«nt; Fbrtevlot. 25 per cent; Kllmalll*. 10
per cent; Huston, 10 per cent, and M. E. Wat
son, 10 per cent. \u25a0
Water Front Xote*.
Th« bark Roderick Dim left yesterday for
Tacoma In tow of the Spreckels tug Daunt
lese. , . • •
Thfc bi? freighter Algoa, with a part cargo
of railroad Iron, sailed yesterday for Port
land, where »hi will finish loading for Yoko
hama.
The German tramp steamer Aragonlo, und^r
charter of the Paciftc Mail Company, arrived
yesterday from the Orient. She came by
way cf Honolulu and was nine days making
the run from the island port.
The schooner Santiago, with 11.120 barrels
of oil, arrived yesterday irom Monterey In tow
of the £pr«ckel* tug Defiance.
The little steamer Maggie was boardefl by a
tea while crossing the bar Monday evening.
The upper works of the vessel were smashed,
and T. H. Corning, the master, and L.. Ran
dall, steward, sustained slight injuries, which
were dressed at the Harbor Hospital.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Mat tern of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchant*.
The British steamer Algoa sailed yester
day for Yokohama and Kobe via Portland
with &O tales of cotton and 2133 steel rails,
valued at $40,950.
Toonflce Engrncenienta.
The British steamer Ascot (on Puget Sound)
was chartered prior to arrival for merchandise,
Lherce to Vladivostok.
The Fchoon*r Marccn! Is chartered for lum
ber from Coos Bay to Caleta Buena.
The bark Anr.le Johnson returns to Hllo
with ge:K'ral cairo.
Exports by the Queen.
The (-teamer Queen sailed yesterday for Vic
toria w!th an assorted cargo consigned to va
rious British Columbian i*>rts. valued at ?lfc,-
SS3. The fcllcvring were the principal ship
ments: 12*10 pkgs lr^sh fruits. 120 pkgs fresh
vegetables. SS.STO ibs 140 cs dried fruit, 25.-
OJS Ibs raisins. 130,000 Ibe salt. 4029 lbs sago,
43C0 ibu tapioca. coO Its chocolate. 130 bx»
paste. Ml lbs coffee, 17(V> lbs beans, 5 cs
procerits and provisions, 112 cs canned goods.
12fH> lbs millstuff*. 4 crts onions. SStl gals ."»
cs wine. 6 cs preserved cherries, 38 pcs wa-
Ken material. 4 bales overalls, 440 ft hardw<yjd.
4127 lbs lead, 150 tirs matches. 4003 lbs wood
pulp. 10 cyls gas, 112 tons nitrate. 126 pkgn
gas fixtures. 10 bbls cocoanut oil, 3 rolls leath
er. 11 pfcss paints, 116 rolls 4 cs roofing. 1*
pkgs arn-.s and ammunition.
In addition to the foregoing- the Eteam-ar
carried 50.000 Ibs dried fruit and 3 rolls* leath
er, valued at ?21J)8. *n route to Northwest
Territory.
Shipment** for Honolulu. '
Th'l ship Marion Chllcott cleared on
Monday fnr Honolulu via- Gaviota. At the lat
ter port the ve«e! will load ICOOO barr»l» of
cru-ie oi! in bulk, valued at J22.400.
. The tteamer Claudine sailed yesterday for
Honolulu with an assorted merchant Ips cargo,
valued at lIS.6SS and Including the follow
ing: 365 bblf flour. IS.V! ctls barley, 14 ctls
wheat. 20 <tls ccm. 257 bales hay, £KX/> lbs
r;M'lli!ige. 41.250 IbF bran. 3750 lbs coffee, 1500
Ibe salt. 42 cs table preparations. 5»36 sals
vinegar, 515 gals wine. 1075 c» canned good*.
40 cs olive*. 5 hhls salmon. 150 bxt fresh
fr.Mts 5 es naiad oil. WO lbs tea. 5 pkgb
groceries, 25.410 Jbe rosin, 2 re«ls wlr«- rope.
415 coils rope. 801 cs soap. 117 bdls pep«r. 1
automobile. II fkgs Government stores. 344 cs
paintf. 2 f K» T'C? 1 bdl oars. Bcs hats, 2cs
dr»- goods. 8 lxllr, leather. 1000 ft hariwood. 60
plates steel. 214.1 Ie? scda-
Mercbnndlne for Tahiti.
The ttesmer Meriposa sailed yesterday for
Tahiti with a general merchandise cargo val
ued at ? 35.491. Amor.R the principal ship-
Trent* were the following: 1404 bbl» flour,
4(»35& lbs brtud. 54,397 Id* rice. ?.9S« Ibe
pusrar 257 ctls barley, f.9 ctls wheat, 9151 lbs
bran. UIT, lbs middllngr. 106 bales hay. 6027
lbs beans &15 lbs fresh meat. ISS crts po
tat'>es, 81 cris onions. S2 pkgrs fresh fruits,
14 pk?:« vet:etablei>, 504 Ib« garUc. 2SSS lbs
lard. 8650 lbs 22 eks salt. IS2 cs canned *:'>ods.
«7 lbs ham «n<l bacon. 75* Ibft cofTue, SUO Ibs
yea. 115 'bs hops, 1664 lbs butter, 70S lbs
rhcese. 15 er table preparatlcns, <58 pkfrs gro
ceries and provisions. 14 Pkgs paste. 805 Ibs
1 c* mlllstuffs, 0f» lb« 18 c» codfish. « cs
baklnp powder, r.62 cs 38 pkj* salmon. 128.877
ft lumrcr. ICT'pkjre mlllwork. 130 bdls «rhook*.
7 bules oakum. 1 bdl 4 hnrs stefl. 10 Mis 17
bars Jrcn. in jx* ~ s P J P e - " ? r k C« dry
roodn. IS «~s boots and Hhoeii. 17 rkss twine,
S M!» broorrs. in rs drup*. 4fi pkss tank ma
terial. 30 pksrs nallf. S3 t"il« ha?r»«, 2S pfcßs
PPVZT. " bft'e«i tww, <* rnlls leather, 20 pkps
wire ' r.3 col's rr'. 21 cs «>al oil. 4« pkfta
paints and oils. 131 cs sonp. R pkgs machinery,
40 pkgs agricultural Imr.lemejifs. ft pkgs «lec
trical goods. 4 crts tewlnfr machines.
SHIPPING IXTELMCEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. October 17.
Ger stmr Arafonia. Ernst, 45 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 25 days and Hono
lulu 9 days.
Stmr Cella. Hansen, 17 hours from Albion.
Stn:r Francis H. Leffgett. Reiner, 41 hours
from San Pedro. ' j __
Stnir Noyo. Lee. 22 hours from Cayucos.
Jap etmr America Maru, GolnK. 17V5 days
from Kobe, via Yokohama 1C flays, via Hono
lulu 5 days IS hours '-3 minute. .
Nor »tir.r Tlcer. Bug<re. 4 days from Ever
ett, put In to finish loading.
Stmr George Loomis. Seddon. 3H days from
Seattle. ui> river directs .
Stmr Bee. Krog. 60 hourt from Portland, via
Aetorta 70 heura. _ _ . " . ' „
Stmr Del Norte. Reed, 32 hour* from Crea-
Stair Maggie. Corning, 4 hours from" Half
moon Bay. - .* '• '
fiuar Samoa, Madoen. 15 hours; from Cas-.
par, bound south, called In. to land pas<»engerB.
Scbr John G. North. Nelson, 8 days from
Port Gamble. . "
Schr Bessie K. Stark. 16 hours from San
Vicente Landing.
Schr Ida McKay. Letola. 2 day* from Eu
reka. - ' '
Schr isantiaso. Larsen, 16 hours from Mon
terey, In tow tug Defiance.
Tuk Defiance, James, l(i hours from Mon
terey, with Echr Santiago In tow. .\u25a0
CLEARED.
Tuesday. October 17.
Br etmr Algoa. Lockett, Yokohama, via Port
land: P M S 8 Co.
Etmr Marlposa, Lawless, Tahiti; J. D.
Epreckels & Bros. 00.
Stmr Queen. Cousins, Victoria, etc.; P C
S S Co. • • .
Stror Claudine, Bennett, Honolulu; J. D.
SprecUels & Bros. Co.
Sunr Corona. Glelow, Eureka ; P C S S Co.
Br ship Scottbsh Moors, Tedford. Tacoma;
Glrvin & Eyre. SAILED> « _
Tuesdaj'. October 17.
Br stmr Algoa, Lockett, Yokohama, .via
Stmr Claudine. Bennett. Honolulu.
Stmr lac.ua, Johnson. Seattle, and Tacoma.
Stror Santa Cruz. Cann. Santa Cm*, etc.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, Eureka.
Stmr James S. Hißfrins, Hlgfrlns, San Pedro.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, San Pedro. -
Stmr Phoenix. Henrtckson. Crescent City.
' Stmr Breakwater. Johns«n, Coos ': Bay.
Sunr Prentls*. Ahlstrom. Eureka.;
' Stmr Rival. Halverson. Flshermans Bay.
Stmr M. F. Plant, Nelson. Coos Bay. \u25a0 . .
Stmr Mariposa, Lawless. Tahiti. -
Btmr Oueeen. Coufilr.ft, Victoria. .
Stmr Mas-gle, Corning, Half moon Bay.
- Btmr Bonlta. Alberts. San Pedro.
Bark Roderick Dbu. EngaJls. Tacoma, in
tow tvs Dauntless.
• Schr James A. . Garfleld, Norby, Wlllapa
Harbor.
Schr Ida A, CampbelL Bodega. \u25a0 . .
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson. Bodeea. '
Tug Daunlees, Shea. Tacoma, with" bark
Roderick Dhu In tow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL^c/WETOE^Y^^TQ^RiaS; 1005.
TOTO KISEN KAISHA LINER
AMERICA MARUi WHICH AK
RIVED HERE YESTERDAY.
SPOKEN.
Sept B— ln lat 45 N. lone 26 W. Br ship
Clan Buchanan, from Antwerp, for San Fran
cUco.
Sect 16— In lat 21 S. long 39 W, Br ship
Langdale, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO6. Oct. 17, 10 p. m.— Weather
clear; wlr.d W; velocity i 4 miles per hour.
• DOMESTIC PORTS. 1
TATOQSH— Passed in Oct 17— Stmr San Ma
teo, hence Oct 14; bktn John Smith, hence
Oct a. for Tacoma. Passvd out — Chil ship
Curzon, from Port Townsend," for Callao.
PORT LUDLOW-- Sailed Oct it— Ship John
Currier, for Melbourne.
Arrived Oct 10 — Schr Robert Lewers, from
Port Townstnd.
FARALLON ISLANDS — Passed \>ct 17,
10:15 a in — Fr bark Cambronne, from Birken
head. for San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr
Coos Bay, from San Pedro, and sailed for tian
Franci»co.
BELLINGHAM— SaiIed Oct 10 — Schr Soquel,
for San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Oct 16 — Schr Wa
wona, from Ballard; bktn Aurora, from Ta
coma. Oct 17 — Bktn Jane L. Stanford, from
BelHnfcham; *chr Borealis, from Grays Har
bor; schr Meteor, irom Port Hadiock; jschr
Commerce, Irom Pert Blakeley; bktn Gardiner
City, from" Grays Harbor; schr Manila, from
Tacoma; schr Lucy, from Uropqua River; schr
Dauntless, iiom Grays Harbor.
Sailed Oct 10— Bktn James Tuft, for Port
Blakeley.
Arrived Oct It) — Schr Columbia,- from South
Bond. .
Arrived Oct 10 — Stmr Coronado. . from Re
dondo. Oct 17 — Stmr W. H. Kruger, hence
Oct 15.
Sailed, Oct 17 — Schr F. S. Redfield, for As
toria; stmr-Roanoke and stmr National City,
for San Francisco; tug Sea King, with bargo
Santa Paula in tow, for San Francisco. . . ., \u0084
•SEATTLE — Arrived Oct Hi, 4 a m— Stmr
Edith, from Nome; S a ,m, Cfty of Seattle,
from Skaaway.
Sailed Wt IU-^-Stmr Dolphtn. for Skauway. ."
'Arrived O<;t 17 — Br otmr Ascot,- from Moro
ran. - --.._-- . .
JUNEAU— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Humboldt,
from Seattle, and sailed for Skagway.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Oct 16— Barge
03, from Ventura, in tow tug Sea Rover, and
sailed. Oct 17, 1 a m. for San Francisco, in
tow tv« Sea Rover. . . •
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Costa Rica,
hence Oct 14.
Satlfd Oct 17 — Stmr Homer, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Asuncion, for Seattle.
Sailed Oct' 10 — Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cUoo.
Arrived Oct Hi — Stmr Cascade, from San
Franci9co; stmr Despatch, from San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 17— Schr Alumna, hence Oct 4.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Oct 17— Schr J. M.
Weatherwax. from Port Blakeley.
Sailed Oct 17 — SJmr Alcazar, for San Fran-
WESTPORT— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Navarro.
tencc Oct 1».
ABERDEEN— SaiIed Oct Ift— Stmr Grate
Dollar, for San Francisco. . "
ISLAND PORTS.
MANlLA— Arrived Oct'l4— Br stmr Quito,
from New Turk.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Ven
tura, from Sydney.
Sailed Oct 17— Bktn Kllkltat, for Port Town
send.
HONOIPU — Arrived Oct 17— Schr James
Rolph, from Tacoma.
EASTERN PORTS. .
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Havana,
from Colon.
FORF.IGN PORTS.
LADYSMITH, B. C— Arrived Oct 17— Nor
etmr Terjo Viken, from ShanKhaS.
HAKODATE— SaiIed Oct 17— Ship Blntram,
'for ban Francisco.
HAMBURG— In rort Oct^— Br ship KII
loinn, for San I>lcko.
ANTWERP— In port Oct 4— Dan chip Juj>i
ter, for San F^anclaeo.
MOJli— Sailed Oct I— Br stmr St. Fillans,
for New York.
Sailed Sept 30 — Br stmr Abergeldia, for Ora
son.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Oct 16— Ger etmr As
euaii, ror'San Francioro.
Sailtd Sciit v0 — Ger Bttnr Serapls, for San
Fiancisco. . '
ANCON — Arrived Oct B— Stmr , Sail Jose,
hence Sept 10. . «
CAPE TOWN— Arrived Sept 15 — Ger ship
Christel. from Oregon. .;
QOLON — Arrived Oct 14*— Stmr Advance,
from New York.
Sailed Oct 10 — Stmr Alliance, for New' York.
CORONEL— Arrived Sept 30— Ger gtmr Den
derah, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
MONTEVIDEO— Arrived Oct IC— Br ship
Bsacon Rock, irom Liverpool, for Tacoma, via
Stanley Is'ianda.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Oct 1&— Br »tmr Em
prepß o( India, from Vancouver. .
Sailed Sept 26— Bark Prussia, for Port Town-
Bend, sggsess
DUNGENESS — Paused Oct 14 — Er ship Star
of Germany, from . Callao, for Antwerp.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior Oct IB— Stmr Si
erra, lier.ee Sept 21; Br stmr Cap£ a Breton, from
New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Kron
prinz Wilhelm, from Bremen; stmr Mesaba,
from London; stmr Noordam, from Rotterdam.
Memoranda.
Per Nor stmr Tiger, at San Francisco, Oct
17, from Everett— On Oct 14 had "heavy SW
gale, with heavy; SW swell, which- caused
deckload to shift.
Per Ger etmr Aragonla, from Hongkong, etc.,
Oct 17— On' Oct W. 240 miles SW of San
Francisco, saw a three-masted ship, appar
ently a" wooden chip.
man, Moon ; and- Tide.
United Etates Coast and , Geodetic Survey — |
Time and Height at High and Low .Waters ;
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco j
Bay. Published by official authority of the 1
superintendent. |
:NOTE — The • high and \low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25 \u0084-
mlnuteu !ater than at Fort Point; the height ;
of tide Is the same at both places. . . ,; ' •
>: WEDNCESDA Y.OCTOBER 18. ~~ j
Sun: rises .......'.... ...;... ..../....C:I2J
Sun r.etß ..." \u25a0: ..........:;. ..3:18 ;
Moon . rises' ....'." ..". ...... '.: . ; .8:57. p. .m
a lTimeJ '. iTlmej iTime] - Time ; !
?- ;._ j Ft. J [Ft. I Ft. — — Ft. '\u25a0
P 111 WJ |L ;W!\ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 |H W| :LW .
18 I 3:14 4.1 7:461 3.0 1:30! n4.9n 4.9! -8:42 O.tt
19 4:12 4.1 8:42 ,3.2 2:15 4.9 9:39 0.6 .
20 5:12 4.2 9:55 4 3.2 3:15 ;4.710:40 .0.6
21 6:10 4.4 11:12 3.2 4:34 , 4.0 11:42 0.7 ;
22- 7:02 4.6j12:2al- .-2.8 8:55 4.6{.. '; ..].'. ... j
NOTE — In the above ' exposition of the tides I
the early morning tides ; are ; given In the left {
hand column and the successive . ttdes of \u25a0 the •
day In -the order of occurrence as, to time; the L
fourth U me column ; gives ; the : last tida ; of the j
day, except: when thfire are but three tides, as I
sometimes \u25a0; occurs. ' The heights ' given * are Kin ! !
addition to the soundings of . the United Statt« I
Coast Survey Charts, except when: a' minus -( — > j
sign precedes ' the height,", and then : the \u25a0 number. I
given sis • subtracted - from ? the depth ; given ! by !
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean |
of :tbt lower low waters. ; : ...
Weather Ileport.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct 17—5 p. m.
The following lnaxlmura-and minimum tem
peratures-are reports for the previous day:
Cincinnati ..e2-4« New York .......74-54
Boston 7S-5C Pittsburgh... 02-40
Jackeonville ..'.'..75-7C Waßhington ...v Bost
St. Louis t^-i. %'ew Orleans ...\ 7«-70
Chicago 51-4 Honolulu ...."... .84-70
Philadelphia ,"U-£. . ,- ..
SAN FKANCISCu ....;. 58-50
the coast record.
stations. - I|;|| \u25a0?! §2. ?
: 3 3 :... : . f
Baker 29.64 38 34 SW Cloudy .3t>
Carson 2!».50 56 20 SW Clear % .00
Eureka 30.02 r><» 44 NW Cloudy .00
Fresno .... ..:29.88 72 42 NW Clear,- .00
9. E. Farallon.2o.o4 54 50 NW dear .00
Flagstaff 29.94 52 3S SW Clear T.
Independence .29.70 02 40 6E Clear .00
Los Angeles ..29.8S «8 60 W Clear .00
Mt. Tamalpats.2o.9l SJ) CO W Clear .0O
North Head ..20.54 60 54 NW Clear .08
Phcenix 29.7« 70 CS SW Clear .CO
Point Reyes ..20.83 54 47 NW Clear .00
Pocatello .... .2!t.74 4H 20 SW Snow T.
Portland 2f1.82 54 3tl NW Pt.Cldy .04
Hed BlufT 29.84 fiS 40 SE CTear .00
Roseburp .29.92 5C 3(5 SW Cloudy .CC
Sacramento .\2!).SO tN ,40 SW Clear .00
tealt Lake ....2O.Uti Xi'l 30 SW Cloudy .CO:
San Francisco.2o.94 5S 50 W Clear .CO i
Sin Jose 29.02 OS 40 NW Clear .00 :
S. L. 0b1ap0..23.04 C2.BS-W Clear .00;
San Diego 29.90 CO tfo SW Clear .CO \u25a0
Seattle 29.88 4(5 / 3t5 NW \u25a0 Pt.Cldy .(W i
Spokane 29.70 42 30 NE Snow .17
Walla Walla. .29.72 4S 44 PE Cloudy .02
Wlnnemucca ..2;).70 fifi 12 NW Cloudy .00
Yiima .29.^0 78 B4 SW Clear .00!
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GKNERAL
FORECAST.
.A storm of conic intensity overlies Idaho
anil will probably move through Nevada, and
Utah. Snow is '.ailing at Pocateilo. Boipe and
northward to Spokane, and conditions are fa
vorable for snow Wednesday irom Reno to
Ogcen. • • • - •
. Warmer, weather" prevails In Nevada, but
will' probably be ' followed by much . cooler ,
weather.
Light frosts may occur Wednesday morning
In the interior of California. ....
The following high winds have - occurred:-
North Head. 48 miles, northwest: Seattle. 4.8.
ncrthwest; Wlnnemucca. 23. northwest; Mo
*d*na. 32. aouthw«st-; Point Reyes, 4*. north
west. , .
FORECAST FOR OCTOBER IS.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Wednes
day; brisk West winds. •'
. IjOs Ar.geles amltvlcinUy — Cloudy Wednes
day; fresh southwen windss : >•\u25a0 \u25a0*\u25a0 \u25a0.\
. . Sacramento s Vallej- T -Cloudy. cooler \Vedn#s
day; fresh north wihrts. , . v
San Joaquln Valley — Cloudy, cooler Wednes
day; brisk north- winds. ".- ',
Coact — Cloudy Wednesday: brisk west wlndJj.
Nevada — Snow. Wednesday; much \u25a0 cool?!
Wednesday night.
A. G.McADIE/ District Forecaster.
Time Bnll.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. .S. N.. Mer
chants'" Exehanse. San Francisco, Cal.,
' Tuf!"say, October 17, 1005.
The Time Ball | on -. the tower of the Ferry
bulldln? was dropped exactly at noon, to-day —
I. c, at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C BURNETT.
Lieutenant, V. S. N., in cliarge.
..... .... »
I
•
slovement of Steamer*.
TO'ARRIVE.
. Steamer. • . From.. j Due.
Kimka....;.. Humboldt .' (Oct. IS
Pomona Humboldt ,Oct. 18
Coos Bay Ban Pedro & Way Pts. Oct. 18
City Puebla.. , Puget Sound Ports Oc;t. IS
'lVilus... ..sj. Oyster Harb»r Oct. 3!)
Roanoke..... i Los Angeles Portg .... Oct. 19
Porno.-. < i Point Arena & Albion. Oct. 19
Santa Rosa.. .1 San Diego & Way Ports Oct. 19
Nebraskan... | Honolulu . & Kahulul... Oct. 39
Waddcn.. ; Iquique : Oct. 19
Vanifuaril.... Humboldt , Oct. 19
W. Krugtr... SAn l'odro Oct. 'M
G. Dollar .' Gr»ys Harbor. Oct. 20
Oreboniun.:..! SeatUe Oct. 20
City Sydney..; New York via A neon.. Oct. 2<>
Homer J Portland & Astoria.... Oct. 20
Ooronado...». San Pedro — Oct. 20
Centralla..... Grays Harbor.. Oct. 2k
S. Monica.... Grays Harbor Oct. 21
Coetaßica... Portland & Astoria .... Oct. 21
South 8ay.... Portland & Astoria .... Oct. 21
Elizabeth Coquille River Oct. 21
C0r0na....... Humboldt Oct. 21
M. F, Plant.. Coos Bay & Pt* Orford. Oct. 22
Breakwater.. Coos Bay Oct. 22
Arctic...... Humboldt ..[Oct. 22
i-Bonlta. AVwr-ort & Way Ports. Oct. 22
Newburg... • Grays Harbor Oct. :.2
Sea Foam..-. Mtndcclno & Pt. Arena. Oct. 22
-Enterprise,.. Hilo ............ i..! Oct. 2A
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Oct. 31
Siberia.. China & Japan .....;.. Oct.'2{
Cascade. Portland & Astoria .... Oct. 23
Ventura...... Sydney & Way P6rts.|Oct. 23
UmatlUa.'. .•• Puget Sound . Ports... .[Oct. 23
Aurelia Portland &:Astoria.:...jOct. 2S
Ralnlor.'..--- Seattle &' Belllngham.. Oct. 25
Columbia.... • Portland £ Astoria ....[Oct. 2a
Chas." Nelson.' Seattle.& Tacoma...., .Oct. 2U
Neko. Hamburg & Way Ports Oit. 2tt
Queen Puget Sound Ports Oct. 28
City Topeka.: j Mexican P0rt5.........". Oct. 28
Roanok*..... J Portland & Way . Ports. joct. 28
~~to~sail7~~
Steamer. destination.. I Sails. (Pier.'
October Vi. I ? |
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pkr 21
N0y0...:..; Humboldt ......... 0 pm Pier 20
F. Kilburn. Portland & Way .. 2 pm Pier 27
Arctic...... Humboldt ......... 9 am IMer' 2
Sea Foam.. Point Arena ......| 4 pmjpier; 2
. . . . October 10. \u25a0 I . " 1
Roanoke.... Portland 1. &-Way.. 2 pm'Pler 5
atateof Cal- San Diego &;Way. 9 am Pier 11
Acme..... WlUapa Harbor.... 12 m Pier 2
-"/\u25a0 \u25a0 October 20...-. • - - j-,- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-,
W. Kruger. Astoria & Portland spm Pier 2
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor...... 1 pm Pier 2
Coronado...' Grays Harbor ."... 2pm Pier 10
Pomona...; Humboldt .. ... 1:30 p Pier 9
Eureka....- Humb01dt:......... 9 am|Pier' 5
October 21. • . I 1
S. Monica... Los Angeles .Ports.llO amIPUr 2
Ctntralla... Los Angeles: Ports 10 am'Pter lo
G. Dollar.:. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm|Pler 20
P0rn0...... Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmPlerr 2
Coos 8ay..., San Pedro & Way. 9 amlPitr 11
Coptic...•' China & Japan.,.. Ipm Pier 40
San Juan:.". N.* Y.WIa; Ancon.. 12; m Pi«r 4!>
Vanguard.. Humboldt-...;...:, 3 pm Pier 20
•';\u25a0 ...;\u25a0/,- -\u25a0 '--\u25a0;; October 22." •:•\u25a0 - \u25a0_.„ |V-,-.,-,
City Puebla^Puget > Sound; Port*. 11 am Pier 9
S. Rosa; :.i San DUgo 4 iWay. oam pier 11
-y? ':\u25a0\u25a0-*, \u25a0-\u25a0 -'\u25a0;\u25a0 October. 23. /1.-S'..~;', \u25a0/-.'.: ...
F. Kilburn. Portland & Way..; 2pm Pier 27
Corona.:.'.. Humb&ldt ;'.....;.; 1:80 p Pier 9
Elizabeth... Coquille - River;.;.. 5 pm Pier 20
; \u25a0•\u25a0'\u25a0'<--•: .',-"\u25a0'- -October 24. -' • ; - -- \u25a0\u25a0
South Bay.. Astoria:& Portland ..;... .......
Breakwater Coos. 8ay,' J.";.;.;... 5 pm Pier 8
M. F.* Plant coos Bay. ..:.:... 4 pm Pier 11
Coetaßica. Astoria •&? Portland! U-am'Pier 24
,=•-\u25a0,-,"'-:\u25a0-\u25a0. '\u25a0:::'] \u25a0' , \u25a0 October 25. S- |-.;.; | --\u25a0: i ; \u25a0-..
80n1ta..'... Newport i& o Way.". 9 am Pier 11
SanMateo.. Seattle & Tacoma.. spm Pier 20
':', .'./'\u25a0^\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0^ > vOetoberM. \-": •.\u25a0:]'•-: -.- \u25a0
Nebraskanl Hono; s&.Kahulul.^ 3 pm Pier 23
Newburg.".. Grays Harbor .".'.. 2pm Pl«r 10 :
1..: \u25a0'\u25a0 --'-; '\u25a0\u25a0 -October 27."*;';; ;-;-r^-;
Amer.Mani Chinar&;; Japan.':'.: lpmlPler 46
Umatilla...' PugetiSound; Ports. II amjPitr 0
:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-. October 2S. |
City Sydney N."-, Y."; via 'Ancon.'. |12 '\u25a0: m Pier. 40
Aurelia.'.".. A«toria*&:Portland| spm Pier 27
Rainier.... Seattle' & Bell'horn] 4pm Pier 10
BANK CLERKS
TO GIVE DINNER
They Will Hurry Balances
So as to Honor Officers
of Great Institutions
EVENT IS DIPOETANT
Many Toasts Will Be Re
sponded To and Prominent
31 eii Will Be Present
The bank clerks of San Francisco will
be on time for. dinner a week from Thurs
day. .Depositors will be asked to "come
in early": proofs and balances : will be
rushed, and all because it is the day of
the annual banquet and reception to
banking officials.
About one hundred guests will be en
tertained at the California Hotel. Toasts
will be responded to by Professor A, C.
Miller, University ". of California:' F. I*
Lfpman, cashier Wells Fargo-Nevada Na
tional Bank; James K. Lynch, vice presi
dent First National Bank; A. Sbarboro.
president Italian-American Bank; Henry
L. Clapp, the Batfk of California; Rollin
C. Ayres, vice president California Ad
vertising Men's Association. Frank C.
Mortimer, president of the, bank clerks,
will officiate as toastmaster. The com
mittee in charge of the affair consists of
George L. Woolrich, chairman; , H. G.
White Jr., J. E.Degan, A. A. Gabba and
R. W. Shaw. •
, The American Institute of. Bank Clerks
Is conducted under the auspices of the
American Bankers* Association, by whom
it was organized .about five years ago.
Realizing: the tendency to specialize bank
men, founds weer appropriated to furnish
courses of lectures on. practical and tech
nical bankimr as well as its fundamental
principles. Chapters of the institute are
located In the principal- cities of the coun
try and they are in direct connection with
the universities. These lectures are de
livered under the university extension
system. Banking is becoming more of a
complex subject every day; new and In
tricate points in the business are con
stantly arising and the' young men in the
profession are preparing themselves for
the responsibilities o* the future. Bank
presidents nowadays are selected for their
knowledge of the business and not on ac
count of their wealth.
It Is a fact not generally known that only
one or two bank presidents of New York
are really wealthy men. The patrons 'of
the institute include the leading financiers
of the ,country,' including the Secretary
of the Treasury and the Comptroller of
the Currency. ' The officers •of . the local
chapter are: President," Frank C. Mor
timer, the Bank of California; vice presi
dent, W. H. Cameron. Mutual Savings
Bank: secretary, Henry >L. -Clapp. Bank
of California; treasurer, L.. E. . Foster,
California Safe Drposlt and Trust Com
pany; governors: H. G. White : Jr., San
Francisco National -Bank; George L».
Wooirich, Wells Fargo-Nevada National
Bank; .W. L,. Whelan. First National
Bank; R. S. La Motte. Crocker-Woot
worth National Bank; F. L. Moss, Lon
don, Paris and American Bank.
IIOWEN IS INDICTED FOR
M UH DICK OK STEPHEN'SOiV
Grand Jury MukrM Sure That Accusrd
Homicide Will pc Held Until He
" . ;- ; I» Tried for Crime.
Chillion Bowen, who shot and killed
W. A. Stephenson of Nevada. about two
mdntlis "ago. was indicted for murder
by the Grand Jury yesterday. Bowen
came to this city with Mrs. Stephenson,
who was infatuated with him. The hus
band followed and caught the guilty
pair in a Larkin-strcet lodging-house.
Stephenson burst open the door of
the room where the guilty pair were
hiding. As the' injured husband came
into the room Bowen fired, killing- him
almost instantly. '
Bowen's attorney has presented a mo
tion to set aside the commitment of
the "accused by a Police Court Judge.
Tho Indictment was found in order to
make* sure that Bowcn would be field.
The; jury will probably take up the
case of John A. Logan Bell, whose com
mitment is 'also attacked, at the next
meeting. Judge Lawlor ordered that
Bowen be held without bail.
THOUSANDS OK COMPANIES
V FAIL TO PAY LICENSE TAX
Action Is Instituted ; Against - Them Eby
the State to Cancel Their
Charters. . .
A list of more than 30,000 corpora
tions that have failed to pay the an
nual license tax of $10, as imposed at
tbe recent session of the Legislature,
was filed with the County Clerk yester
day. The list Is In the nature of a
proclamation of the Governor and is
preliminary to action, to cancel the
charters held by the corporations. .
Among the largest offenders on the
list are the Illinois Central Railway,
the Pennsylvania lines and the^Chlcago
and Rock, island Railroad. Just what
proceeding these corporations, will take
to retain their charters to do business
In this State remains to be seen.
Allen . Leaves Lnrffc Estate.
j A petition for the probate of the will
of the late Wiley B. Allen was filed
yesterday by-hls widow, Eleonora F.
Allen. In the petition Mrs. Allen states
that her husband left property valued
at $345,000. of. this sura $325,000 being
represented in decedent's interest In the
Wiley B. Allen .Music Company and th^e
balance' ln real and : personal property.
With the exception of $1060 to his "sis
ter,: Lily B. Allen, and $100 to hla
aaughter; Zcrita, decedent left his en
tire estate, to his widow, who Is named
as executrix oj^his, will-. without bonds.
To Evict : Zlnkand.
Emma C."\Y&tson filed. suit yesterday
to evict Chafles, A. Zlnkand from the
premises he occupies In the. Emma
Spreckels building:, to recover $800 rent
due and unpaid and $80 a day for every
day he . remains in possession of the
premises beyond f the '3d of this month.
The V; plaintiff alleges that ; she^ notified
Zlnkand to surrender the .premises on
the 3d lnst., but he has refused to do so.
: The : prayerful : heart will be proven by
the practical life.
FROM • SEATTLB. . ;
1 Destination. . Sails.
Jefferson .:..'. Skapway & I Way Ports.JOct. 20
Humboldt.... Skajrway &^Way. Ports. Oct. 2.1
Farallon ..%:; Skagway;& Way; Ports. Oct. 2 1
Dolphin.;.:'.': Skagway- & Way Pcrts.lOct. "2s
Portland . . . . .1 Cooks Inlet & Way * Pts. 'Oct. 25
Edith.... ;.r.*l VaM«x-:ft \u25a0 Beward .".'.". [Oct. 26
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. jQjt. 20
Tigrer Meeta Henry Weather.
\u25a0 _ The- Norwegian -" Bteamer ;.-' Tlser," four days
from \ Everett,^ put^ln ? here : yesterday, to ; finish
loading. 1 "-:^ On i October.' 14 '\u25a0'\u25a0 she" \u25a0 encountered : a
southwesterly • g^le. 1 accompanied " hy -a " heavy
a well -\u25a0; from i the . same direction, i % Many *, sea a..
were shipped - and the ? Tiger's .deck . load '\u25a0; was
shifted by the 5 weight or /me \u25a0 waves.
Off tor Tahiti.
The' Oceanic Steamship "• Company's _;-. liner
Marlposa/ Captain Lawless." sailed at 11 o'clock
yesterday j morning " for X Tahiti, f ? She
about: fifty ; passenßers-
PRESIDENT OF THE BANK I
CLERKS. WHO WILL GIVE A
BANQUET NEXT WEEK. J
NO MORE GUNS
FOR DOMINICANS
WASHINGTON, Oct". 17.-Exportation
of arms, ammunition and munitions of
war of every kind from any port of the
United . States and Porto Rico to any
part of the Dominican Republic; is pro
hibited by a Presidential proclamation is
sued from the State Department to-day.
Accompanying the proclamation Is an ex
planatory memorandum to the effect that
this action has been taken after con
sultation with the Dominican Govern
ment, with Its concurrence, and is in
tended to assist in the enforcement of
regulations designed to prevent the per
ennial revolutionists. of the Island from
getting warlike supplies. The memo
randum says: . .
"Whereas, By Joint resolution, approved,
April 22. 1898. entitled . 'Joint resolution to
prohibit the export -of coal or other ma
terial used In war from any seaport of
the United States.', the President was
authorized in * his discretion and with
such limitations and exceptions as shall
seem to him expedient,, to prohibit the
export of coal or other material used
In v/ar from any seaport of the United
States until otherwise ordered by the
President or by Congress.
"Now, therefore, I. Theodore Roosevelt,
President of the United States of Ameri
ca, for good and sufficient reasons unto
me appearing and by virtue of the au
thority .conferred upon me by the said
Joint resolution, do hereby declare and
proclaim that the export of arms, - am
munition and munitions of war of every
kind from any port in the United States
or in Porto Rico to any port In the Do
minican .Republic is., prohibited without
limitation or exception from and after
the day. of. this my proclamation until
'otherwise ordered by the President or
by Congress.
"And I do'hereby enjoin all good citi
zens of the United States and Porto
Rico and all persons re3tdtng or befng
within the territory or Jurisdiction there
of to be governed accordingly.
"THEODOUE ROOSEVELT.
"By the President. - - ' • '
"ELIHU ROOT, Secretary of State."
Any religion is easier to describe than
to demonstrate. ; . ' . • .
l«il the aurcst, saf- &jgJ9
J^d nil Bowel ailments, g&^j
You cannot afford to
'$tt 6ufT«r Trhea relief i» KE&a
h££i Go to tho druggist to- K^N
p|| - ' s HUNYAt»I jXnOS**
%£&% Take half a class on pSt!
Sjijfiia urislng. A positive cure
Jij| MEN'S' DISEASES
Ig^ftt^^HV We especially solicit
those cases of "Weak-
jfffimi r\** nes?." Varicocele. Hy-
firt^^S, drocele. Stricture. Con-
&*ao^s*^|s tracted Disorders. Spe-
®r^?rS«'9»S clrtc Blood Poison. Piles.
ffi^frtafrrfrn Rupture. Rheumatism.
Uli Ltk- rfiii LOb* of Vigor. \u25a0-. Catarrh.
ST\*>* etc.. that have been un-
HKiZ-Mus- jsuccessfully treated by
Ivet st. • other, specialists. Our
pioneer Men"a .methods » of treatment
SpedaHat. 'are different, * and : . by
iurin"stubborn and difficult cases have
won reputation from the Atlantic to th«
I'aciflc as leadlns spectallsU in nien'i
tllseases, and have built up the largest
i.ractic^ of Its kind on the entire Paciflo
';uast. from Alaska to Mexico.
'~ Kcrit nre ra!r« cure" are pcrmnn-Dt.
him! you ran pay If cured. Ku trance
urivate. Unlldlns only u«ed by u».
11KST SI'KCIAHSTJ* 30VEABS Dl S. K.
See t reft museum to-day. Hear free
lecture to-nighf and .learn who should
marry. whoinot. and why.- Call or write.
DR: LIEBIG STAFF
IUSa 31ark«?t Street. Stb DIUaT. above 6th."
Si'sir DR. JORDAN'S hut/
-'^BOSEDI OF AIIATOIYi
•"• \u25a0 'CSb W» l * iß SCTST.>t.«]i*ttS.S^.CaL A
f . \*P^ • "to* Larrrat * r.-omi'il Mawara la -At »
- » i ' '-/a, " . World. . ITeakceuca or »»y Matrsetvl j,
- <?/JsT^T> *''\u25a0»«»• v»mlilt»lr tunti b» tbt abkai V
i nL^I^I Sp<«ilalUt<H>tbaCMJt. ZH.S6jnn .
) i\Ps2\ DB. JCRDAH-DISEASES C? Mliil
\ ¥ f? kt *sv*' O»««»l'»tl»a "*• "ad ttrbtlr p-'U* \
* \ vV\» U Tre«tm«nt p«rw»:ly or by lstt«c •> 6
'\u25a0 v 4 ' If- il S Pfi&» nrtla *x*tj ea«- nad«r »ieo.
fe !? if li w -" vrit«krii«t,r«'iLOi«i>aK «*l i
-* » U - jl * H*nHMCK, '.AiutD taxn 'A v
i"jj , Jj' T»J'i»bt» bo»i»ttr i»«a.j . . . 1
.-• bs^jroßnjujf Art>.;iOsiM*rk*tat.,s.i.,f'
aVr. Gibbon's Dispensai-y,
G29 EEARXT fcT. Kst&b&shMl
In 1534 for the treatment «>f rrlvau
Dhfa.ses, lyMt MunbocMt . Debility or
i-]i.si-aa» wearlnr on body mn.t mind and
skin Disea*m: The Doetorcnrrs when
others fall. Try hini. \u25a0 fbargt-a lnir.
('arcs -uarnnlffil. Cull or wrl \u25a0*
tor* J. F- CiIBBOK. Hau Tnazisso, CaJ.
'; _ ADVKK'X'ISi^MENTS.
"Sly father had b«ea a sufferer from tick aeadaeh*
for the last twentj-ftv* years and never foind any
wllef until ho b?s»a taklns your Caieareta. 81ne»
ho haa beena taking Cascarat* ho has nersr had
the headaeho. They have entirely cared htm.
Caseareta do what you recommend them to do. I
will giro you lh» prtvileea of nslne his name."
E.M. Dick ion, I£N Reslner St., YT JndlaaapoltoJasV
CAWCTfCATHARDC
Pleasant. Palatable. Potent. Tast-s Good. Do Good.
Ker«r Sicken. Wesien or Grlp«. 10c. tie, Wc'Sontr
sntd in bnlic. The cennins tablet stamped CCC
Guaranteed to care or year money hMk. - t
SterHng Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 59S
MHUALSaLE, TEH HILUOH BOHS
WE CURE MEIV FOR
$12.50 b
Reference I»
k. NOT A DOL^ R
rf^S* ~M§ KEEDBEPAID
L^, W TILL CUBED
'M* I *"^> "?F WE ARE
4^^l2!^/^^^» Specialist*
VARICOCELE
We cure this disease without operation . or
ligature, and under our treatment the congested
condition soon disappears, the parts are re-
stored ta their natural oontiltion. vigor and
strength, and circulation re-established.
STRICTURE
We cure stricture In a short time by a spe-
cial scientific treatment which Is painless and
In no wise Interferes with jrour business duties.
LOSS OF VIGOR
Ton may be lacking- In visor. If so we wtll
restore to you the snap, vim and vigor of vi-
tality, loss of which m*r be toe result of
losses, drains or dissipation.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
It may be In its primary stage, or It may
have been hereditary or contracted In early
days, thereby being constitutional. We cure
all Us complications. V.'c stop, its progress,
eradicate every vestige of poison from the sys-
tem, and this without the ua« of mercury or
potash. - 1
We cure Skin Disease*, Blood Pol-
xon, Varleocele, Stricture, Xcrvous De-
cline, Wenkneas, Piles, Fistula and
Diseases of the Kidneys, Bladder and
Prostate. »
Special Diaeaaea — Newly contracted
and chronic cases cured. All Burning*. Itching
and Inflammation stopped tn twenty-tour
hours; cures effected in seven days.
We' make no charge for a friendly tilk or
correspondence. Come to u» In the stricttwt
confidence. We have been exclusively treating
special diseases of men for years. Nothing
science can devise or money can buy Is lacking
tn our office equipment. We will use you
honestly, treat you skillfully and restore you
to health tn the shortest time with the leatit
discomfort and expense.
If you cannot call* write for symptom
blanks. \u25a0 > ~; '' 'JT^LI;*-*""
DR. HOLSHAN & CO.
Hours — 8 to 5, 7 ta 8:30 p. m. Dally; Sunday.
9 to 12.
729 MARKET ST. (Top Floor). 8.. F.
Always Remember the Full /fame
§ as2tivB fctroniD
I .Cores a Cold m One Day, Crip in 2 Days
(Q. Sf?jC%r&U*uo> to. BSo^
Weak Men aDd Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THK
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health an.l
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
- r^_^ v^_^qCEA^JTStAVEU^
Steamers leav* Pier* 1
/fV-i^-S^Q^V * Dd lx> ss * n Francisco:
f&s >s>\ rr ° r Ketchtkan. Wrani»!.
/Oyct-g^a V^X Joneau. Treadw»U. Hala««.
' I \«>iOi \ \ Bkacway. etc.. a!uxj-<-H.
\ \ \»Sa^/ 1 •• m - " ct - 2 - "• x -- 1T - 2 *
\<«< « vtt' *T» T - *- Chang* to th:»
V>is\j S*j/ company's stcamars at S»- .
\53 a^3SKrV/' • attU.
fax Victoria, Vancouver.
l»crt Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everstt. Ana-
fortes South Belllnjtham. Bellln K ham— II .a.
m Oct. t7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Nov. 1. Chan a » v
battle to thi* ccra&any s steamers for Alaska
ami O \u25a0 N Ry- *t Seattle or Tacoma, to S. P.
Hv - at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
vkr Knrcka i Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. I:3d
t> £ <srt! 2. 8. 14. 20. 28. Nov. 1. Corona.
t-.M'i^m: Oct. 3. 11. 17. 23. 29. Nov. 4.
For Lo« Angelea <vta Port Los Angels* aad
R/dondo). San Dleco and Santa Barbara— .
Santa Rcsa. Sundays »a. m. -
Jitate of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
Kor I-os' *n«el«« »Wa Saa Fedro and East
can P«dro> -Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Moo-
feiiv San Simeon. Cayucos Port Harford USaa
lit. i CbisDO). V«ntura and Hatn#m«-
Coos-BayT » a. m.. Oct. 3. 13. 21. 29. Nov. «.
BS?rtt« » •• I^.. Oct. I. 9. 17. 23, Nov. X
For Fnsenada. Maxdalena Bay. Saa Jos* drt
r.tin. Maxattas. Altata. La Paj. Santa Rosa-
nS^Guayma. «M«.). 10 a. m.. 7th of .aca
m ALASKA EXCURSIONS. S*s«m 190«— Th.
patamt 7V«ska «x«r^lon tearo.hlp SPOKA.VW
wt? lea v^ Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria Jun« ;.
51 July 5. 19. Aurust 2..
For further Information obtain folder. Rlgai
\u0084 re«»rv»d tv «ban«p ateam*r» or nailing Cat**,
\u25a0nCKET OFFICES— 4 N»w Moctxaniery «.
•Palace Hotel). 10 Marfcst rt.. and Broadway
whsrSL Fr«!th» Offlc^-10 Market st.
m DIPJ^N*!*. Opneral Pa»»«enc«r Agent.
* 10 Mar«i»t «t.. Sai ?r»np»»r^
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
OBIENTAL.S. S. CO.
•tfameri will leave wharf, corner First «*•»
Brannan «tr»et*. 1 P. in- "r Tokoharr.» an I
H«rr.(tli«jn«. calling at Honolulu, Kob*.
tHioao) Nasaiakt .and Shanxhat. and con-
necting : at . Hongkong with steamers for In-
dla. «tc. . No cargo received on board «n dar
s! s""%rERICA lIARTT- FBIDAT. Oct. TT.
RouTKJ-trt? ticket* at rwtncul r«tw.
For freirht and pas»*r» appJy'at eompaay**
tffi<r» »«v#nth floor. v i!<^-^uints' '.Exchang*.
.. / W. H. AVFRT. O>neral Ak> nt.
S S VENTURA, for HpnoJulu^ Samoa, • Anck-
"land and Sydney. Thursday. Nor. '_'. 2 p. m.
S S. MARIPOSA. for TahiU. Nov. 23. U a.m.
-J.UECISL3 Jt BarvCXJLIU.:fiSiK 03:: 641 iv- \u25a0
hi- imgat 03R 32? Karfct si. pet 7. pacts; k.
\u25a0 Conipasmle Cenernle Triin«atlanti«|»e.
liivtCT 1-IXE TO HaVßK— i»arl« -jrf*(W
tailing every Thur»a.-iy in^taaU of
fcaiurday. ID a. m.. (ram t^er 42.
North Ki««r. foot of Morton st.
Jlrst-class to Havre. Vi and upward. 3«e-
tnd clas» to Havre. J4A and upward. OZN-
EKAI, AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES A.VO
CANADA 82 Broadway - »Hudsoa building*.
New Tark. J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Paclfle Coa*s
A«»st3 5 Montgomery avenue. «aa ,Frar»rtsc«x.
T«>>lr»t- *fi>M »v nil BKHf-w* Tt-»>t 'Atmtt
BAY AND IynSRUHBAJV R^s{^^^
\u25a0.JiiriliND. NAVY YARD,
VAI LEJO and NAPA
Napa \/cilley Routo
Montlcello S. S. Co. sod Napa ValUy Es»o.
trio R. R- Co. Oos» connections.
. «— BO VXD TRIP* DAILT— « . •
BoaU Uavaban Francisco 7:w. *»:O «. e»
12:30 noon.f»:ia. . *:oU. »:3» p. nv .
Baa Francisco .' landlns ' and offlc*. '\u25a0 Pi«t \u25a04, '\u25a0
toot of Mission" it,: one ; block south KarkM-^a, ,./
rerry. lieals a U cart*. . Paoa« UaXm IMK . •\u25a0
•L*a<U N»yj I*rd diroot. . - fflji
1112
THE WANT ADS DO SOME VERY HARD TASKS EVERY DAY-
THEJIfCALLi
J<?IIN I>. SfKLXIwKi-S Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN -McXAKiHT Manager
V\\ J. MABTlX.... Business Manager,
~ TECEPUOSaL
_^rp°p7^ it!
Ttros by Hail. Includina: Postage vCash With
r-AILY CALL (l-.clud. *ur,da>o. 1 year. .svoo
Paii.y call CSndud. Bnwuy>.;« mos... *.w j
DAILY CALL— Ey King!* Month <•«
BUNCAY CALL, 1 Year J
POSTAtiIC. j u-eVkly . l-'M Per Year Extra
ALL I'OSTMASTKKS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
£air>ple Ccplea will be forwarded when re-
ilall eubscribera Iti ordering «»>*?«• °£J^
6r-r>» ebtmia b« partiCUlsT 10 give both NUW
AXI» OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
iu«n:pt aiJ correct <.oo:?i:ar.ce with their ra-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
10ia Broadway Telephona Main 10&J
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
1438 Park Street Near Santa Clara Avenu*.
P_one Alameda Ml).
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Caster Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON COP.P.ESPONDENT:
11. E. CRANE 140ti G Street N". W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
\u25a0Waldorr-Astorlt Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Union gQuar*-; Murray- Hill Hotel; Firth-sivenue
in.'.*; *.cd Ho"Ean House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. Newa Co.: Great
Northern Hc:el : Tremcnt House; Auditorium
Hotel; i'h'.v: er House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEOKGE KROGNESS. Maxquette Building
(Lccg Distance Telephone, "Cecttal 2«il».")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN* B. EMITU SO Tribune BuUdlng
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald SQuare
SCSCCESS OFFICE of the San Francisco CalL
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every :.>-ht. Jn the year; .-\u25a0\u25a0
BRANCH OFFICES:
2C>OS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
SCi> Moaigomery aye.: open until 9 p. m. .
tCi) Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
tfSH McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
»-:3% Larkin street; open until «:30 p. m.
2.UU Mission Firtit; open until 2 0 ;». m.
1M Ele\enth street; open until J» p. m.
31/'.i6 Valencia street: open until 9 p. in.
NV.rtheast corner Church and Duncan atreeta;
open uatll » p. in.
2£w Fllimore street; open until 8 p. m.
4314 J ktreet. tear Ocean Boulevard; open
•-•ntl! 0 p. m. y-.A
SIEETIXG IVOTICES.
UOCXT MORIAH I^o<Jg» No. 44. F. and -.
A. M. — CaUed rneetinK THIS <*/»_r
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30/^^
o'clock. Second degree.
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 13» F. and A. - ,
t.l.— Second degree THIS (WEDXES- vSf
DAY) EVENING at 7:80 o'clock. Ey ?W\
order of the W. M.
K. H. MePHERSON. Eecretary. .
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. JO6. F. and A. n
M.— Third decree THIS fn'EDXES-VY
DAY) EVENING at 7:20 o'clock. i^A
H. J. OWEN, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. IC3, F. and A. M.— »
Special meeting THIS (WEDXES- W
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /\A
Third degree. R. E. AM.F.N. Sec. '
ODIN Lodge No. 393, I. O. O. F. — __••_(«
Initiation THI6 1 WEDNESDAY) .^lS^t
EVENING at fe o'clock. Six can- <»e«HegjßS
CHARLES RAMBERG, N. G.
EDWIN ANDERSON, Recording Secretary.
ATTENTION. Military Section of the_-*^.
Austrian Military ar.d Benevolent j&JfrCg
Association: Vcu are requested to va!&f?
a ; re*x in your armory THIS <*%£&
• WEDNESDAY) E\*ENING at 607
Gutter ft. in full uniforms. \u25a0 Also members
that desire .to take uniforms for our target
* hooting and picnic; they are requested to
be presect.
J. M. RCSSELL. Captain Comm.
M. RADULOVICH. rirtt Sergeant
MEMBERS of Redwood \u25a0- flt
are requested to attend /^i^"^j^{Jj m oj\
the funeral of our late i£s^£*.9l&>£§ i S}
neighbor, S. E. THURP- '«sX3g^s_lis3a*flF"»
TON from his late resi-
dence 19G2H McAllister it..- on THURSDAY
October 18. I&CS, at 12:30 o'clock p. m. In-
terment new L O. O. F. Cemetery- By order
ELLIS JONES, Con. Com.
J. N. BARCEi.. Clerk. ,
\u25a0 IgFEriAL meeting of the Master j^T~"
Mariners' Benevolent Association \ "ST^?* '
will be held THURSDAY. October \u25a0£-£>•»
IS. 1906. at Red Men's Hall. 220
Go:4en Gate aye., at 11 a. m., for the pur-
pose of attending the funeral of our lata
brother. F. GEE. Al! members are requested
to attend.
' L. TRAUNG. Recording Secretary.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call. i 6 pages, aest to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
ATTORSEVS-AT-LAW.
AA— DIVORCE: costs $12; quick, quiet; ad-
vice fre^; no charge uniess successful; open
•vecinra; «.!;>. deeda, leases, bills of Bale
and articles cf co-partnership carefully pre-
pared; bankruptcy, collections and prcbatlng
cf estates. fi27 Market St. room 30L
AA— DIVORCE coeta $12. ~ ~"
Quick, culet; leeal advice frea.
No charge unlers iiucceesful.
All law business.
Examiner build'.nc. room SIC, third floor.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg., |
«th floor, tntrance room «11; established 20
r«ara: ajl courts, general courts and office
practice; nc fe« In advance or for consulta-
tlcr.; ever.lr.^s by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free: legal divorce coate $12; all law
case* hapd'.'d; no fee In advance; open Sat-
urday evenings; ether evenings by appolnt-
rner.t: ca.ll and save rooney. 819 Mkt, r. 33.
V. S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 302, conaulta-
t:cn free; r.o fee in advance. Open evenings.
COMPLETE divorce for $20 by able young at-
torney. For .'atei-vlew ad. lock box 422, city.
A Js3[g^Qg?jL'Es.
$90— FIXE automobile, almost new, at KLEI-
BER'S. 1504 Folaom at. .
ASTHMA CCRE. ~~
X - Dt JfOLA'G asthma remedy cures: for sale
by all firugglsta; main depot 190J Market
-!t-i!Lj!! t -i!Lj!i chol<L * Howl: 1Oc — sc - aoe p^«e
?2 Al siyi G^' 011 CHH'DRE.'V.
WANTED— A ba-by to raise from birth ;~ will
ba given a mot.her'a care. Box D Call
Branch. 1041 Miwlon at
LADY wants child to board and teach German-
minor home; garden; near Jefferson Park'
1188 Turk st.
AN Ir.'aat will .be riven perfect care; $1B a
month. Box 37M. Call. ' * *
A CHILD to board In private family: no other !
chllftren: beat of care. 801^ Greenwich st
BOOKKEEPIXG.
VET us keep your book?: nothing too large.
nothir.g too email; we make a specialty of i
keeping small ceta of books. j
THE FAXON-JAMES AUDIT CO..
T«l. Monts/croery 1311. 830 Market st
"niRDS, DOGS. ETC. ,
A BIRD organ, to teach young Roller canarlea
for ?-.ale. 3166 sixteenth «t.
BICYCLES.
ALI^ klidr second-hand bicycles bought. i>oM
ana exchanged. J. W. FRY. 1526 Polk at
COL.LKCTIOX OFFICES. *
BAD tenants ejected for $4; coll ectluna made;
city or country.- Padflc Collection Co., 415
Montgomery ft., rooms 8-30. Tal. Main 6350.
CCItE J^OR^ nCPTURE. l
J3R. PIERCE'B Magnetic EJasric^TruTsT^er^
feet retainer: po«'.tlve cure; book free. Ra-
safived to COti Xearcy at. room UU7 I
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
C-H58OO; OYSTER and chop house; the very
ixst location !n*this city; a flrst-class paying
o::Kiness- owner compelled to sell, account of
sickness.- R. G. WILKE. 2t>Va Kearny st.
i A-54.V10: CORNER barroom; close to Chronicle
i f.uiMins; place established many years; lately
j renwated; elegant fixtures; large stock; sick-
nr«s ol' owner enly cause of 6ale. See R. G.
; WILKE, 'M\j Kearny st. ,
A— s2ooo; SALOON on water front; lease; 14
1 furbished rooms; a good paying business; no
I better location; disagreement 'of partner*
j caute of sale. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
I A SPLENDIDLY located saloon; close to Mills
'< . buildiOß; mercantile lunch; net. rent $00;
' leace; a fine chance; Investigate, you will
buy. See R. G. WILKE. 26«.j Kearny st.
! A— $1000; SALOON on Fourth St.. \u25a0 close to
Market; an excellent location; good business;
must sell at once; other bustnesa calls him to
the country- R. *S. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
FRUIT store; choicest location; owner is en-
gaged In other business; a, chance for a good
business, cheap. Particulars, R. G. WILKE,
20 4 Kearny st.
OLD established bakery in Western Addition;
large store trade; Lake 6 barrels a day;
owner engaged In other business only cause
of sale. Call R. G. WILKE. 36% Kearny st.
A— s26oo; SALOON on California street close
to Montgomery, and ' A No. 1 paying busi-
ness; owner to leave city; full value In
eight All particulars at R. O. WILKE'S.
2U% Kearny st.
A MAN of ability and experience In handling a
sawmill to Invest $10,000 In a company or-
ganizing to taka over coast sawmill about 1
year old; absolutely safe and 6 per cent guar-
anteed; good salary to right man. Address
box 4658. Call offloe.
FOR SALE.
THE finest up-to-date wholesale and retail
harness, naddlery, shoe findings and leather
business on the coast for sale; can make all
the money you want Correspond with JOH.\
T. STOLL. Sacramento. Cal. .
$10.000— SALOON business for sale; Market St.,
near Eutter: long lease; clearing $500 per
month. Apply room 230, Mills building.
$18.000— SALOON buslness'for sale; O'Farrell
at., near Powell; long lease; clears $1000 per
month. Apply room 230. Mills building.
$ISOO— SALOON. Fourth St., near Market; es-
tablished for years; cafe and cash register
Included; rent $55 month; one of the greatest
bargains ever offered: selling on account of
elckneaa. "M. LESS. 935 Market st. room 5.
YOUNG man (35) would like to meet party
that will Invest same amount of money In
fitting up camp wagon to travel all over the
country; pleasure and business. Box 4G20,
Call office. •
$200 — PARTNER wanted; established business;
no previous experience required; sura to pay
(U0 a month to each: oteaay man required;
call and Inquire. 1C27% Market et. room '2.
$60 WIJJL buy a good paying old-eatabliahed
retfiauVant; central location; owner being
tick must leave the olty at once; cost $400
to furnlah. Call at room 16. Phelan building.
$300— PARTNER wanted in light, established
business; plain, steady man satisfied with SIS
to $35 a week, will find this a rare chance;
no experience required. 759 Market st. r. &.
BEST equipped shop in city for iiyxiel, ex-
perimental and small machine work;' doing
good business; good location: price complete,
$14uO; Inquire on promises. 544 A Mission v_
FOR sale — Ona of the leading restaurants Jn
Berkeley; price $1200.- For further partlou-
lars apply J. P. HALE, 1511 Shattuck aye.,
northwest corner Union at. :•.-?-:
$5000— RECEIPTS $70 a day; corner grocery
and bar; will stand full Investigation. Box
4693. Call office. ' \u25a0 - .
DRUG store for sele; 17 miles from Eureka, on
railroad; only drug store; full prices; pries
$1500 cash. A. EVANS. Loleta, Humboldt Co.
SHOE store; family trade; turn, rooms; cash
reg.; good repair trade; owner going East;
good man can clear $150 mo. 609 Larkin st
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business offloe for particulars.
EXCELLENT barcain; $12,000; buy well pay-
lnff raloon; long lease, whole property. Box
4eS4. Call.
FOR sale — A fine delicacy store; very reason-
able; no arenta. Box 8552, Call. r .
SMALL restaurant for eale: suitable for man
and wife. Apply at 806 Howard st.
$150 — PARTNER wanted: genteel contracting
business; $15 week. 131 Montgomery, r. 8.
WANTED — To buy a saloon In San Francisco
for cash; must be cheap. Box 3543, Call.
GOOD oyster housa for sale; selling on account'
of slcknesa; lease. 50 7th, opp. new postofflce.
FOR sale — Printing office. 526 Montgomery
at, room 1; phone Red 4877. •'.1%
CANDY and loe cream parlor; well estab.: good
location; $500. €21 Vallejo st. cor. Mont ay.
$160 — BRANCH bakery and notion store. 1253
Broadway. ,
TURK. 436 — First-class delicatessen and res-
taurant for sale. ' VJ-rf<
FOR sale — Saloon doing good business; fine lo-
cation; price reasonable. Apply 84S Folsom.
ELECTRIC laundry, est 8 yrs., for sale, in-
cluding prop. ; doing good bus. Box 8526, Call.
GOOD Call rmite for sale. Apply at Call
office. -'.'\u25a0-: \
ADVERTISEMENTS, gubscrlptlons received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sta.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
S Eddy .st, cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
13 rooms, fine location; furnished In oak.
blrdseye maple and -mahogany; fully arranged
for housekeeping; small payment down, bal-
ance can be paid out of house; prioa $1000.
SO rooms; central; fine oorner; all sunny
rooms: rent only $5 50 per room: good furni-
ture and carpets; always full and clears over
$150 per month; on account of sickness at
bargain. : '-'-'^' :
CAMERON * CO., 8 Eddy st
~ SCHWEINHARD & CO.,
Real Estate and Rooming-House Brokers,
1008% Market St., cpp. 6th; phone Jessie 6041.
Buyers: We have houees to suit you; hon-
e*t values guaranteed or no sale.
FOR eale — A centrally located and profitable
lodglcg-house of 120 rooma; present owner
haa bad it over 20 yeara: no acenta. Ad-
dreaa C. H.. box 3740. Call office.
FISHER & CO .Phone' Main 8854
Room 438, James Flood Buildlnir.
Furnished rooming-houses, hotels and flats.
10-ROOM house well furnished; full of'room-
ers; party leaving city. Inquire 182 Tenth.
Roomlnx-Houei and Hotels for Sale.
MARION. GRIFFIN,
970 Market st. Room 801. Eighth Floor.
Rooming-Houae Broker. Phone Main 8348.
Apartment-house; 24 rooma; steady tenants; fine
location; terms If necessary. Par. 866 Ellis.
CARPET-BEATIJT O AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vaouum Proees used
for cleaning carpets on floor without remoT-
al; carpet and rugs also cleaned by com-
pressed air at ahop; prices moderate. S. «F.
Compressed Air Cleaning Company. 808 Mar-
ket at: phone Main 1"2 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgust-d with your work,
tend for SPAULDING'S Plone-.r Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-557 Tehama tt. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet-Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlton et. ; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO. : phone Mission 225. . \u25a0
1 CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet* Beatln* Works,
Goldttn Gate aye. & Larkln 7 phoea Eaat 126.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co.. J. McQueen
Proprietor, 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. - Mieslon 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 gutter St.;
tel. Main 594. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3o yard. Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLPH tt CO., carpet,-b«ating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at.; tel. Miselon 263.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1. -
LACE__CCRTAiyS_._AN» BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S New York Curtain HousV-Tmost
complete plant for cleaning lace curtains and
blankets. 1524 Fillmore; phone West 5306.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
STEWARTS Lining. Pleating and Buttonhdle
Factory of 110 Taylor at i will. remove to 14
and 16 Taylor at. about October 1. -.
MRS. ESTES, fashionable dressmaking, St
Kathryn Hotel, 480 Ellla; tel. East 1389.
! McL-OWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
1 —Eva. claxs; patUras cut 1190 Marker at.
THE , SAN FRANCISCO }, CALL; : OCTOBER . IS, 1905.
CLAHIVOVANTS.
AA— PROF.'. NIBLO.
IT IS JUST AS CHEAP TO SEE THE BEST.
ASTRAL DEAD-TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
• SPKCIAL THIS WEEK.
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS. $1.
$1 00— LOft' ; FEE— $l 00.
BRING CALL COUPON AND SAVE $4.
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READING
FOR $1 IF YOU BRING THIS
ADVERTISEMENT.
411 A ELLIS ST.. NEAR JONES ST.
NO CHARGE IF NOT SATISFIED' WHEN
READING IS OVER— YOU TO BE JUDGE.
X DO HEREBY SOLEMNLY AGREE and
guarantee to make no charge If I fail to call
you by name in full, names of your friends,
enemies or rivals. I promise to tell you
whether your husband, wife or sweetheart is
true or false; tell you. how to gain the love
of the one you most dealre, even though
miles away; how-to succeed, in business.-
. speculation, lawsuits;, how to marry the one
of your" choice: how to regain youth, health
and vitality. Removes evil influences, curen
drink habits, locates treasures, . cures all
nervous diseases. .t \u0084 v
How can I have good luckT.
How can I succeed In business?- .
How cm I make my home happy T
How can I conquer my enemies?
How can I marry the ona I choose T
How can I marry well?
How aoon can I marry ?
How can I conquer my rivals ? .
How can I make any one love ma? -.
How soon will my lover propose?
How can I get a good position?
How can I remove bad influences?
How can 1 control any one? :\u25a0 '\u25a0'/;-\u25a0•
How make distant ones think of ma?
\u25a0 How can I hold my husband's love?
How can I keep my wife's lovaf
Oldest Established. First Registered.
Beat nown Clairvoyant In California.
Others may come and- others may go, but
Professor NIBLO always remains. - - .
Hours, 10 to 8 dally and Sunday.
411 A Ellis St.. near Jones st.
Permanently located In his own home.
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
:.... PROF. LIVINGSTONE
If you" wish reliable advice consult PROF.
LI VINO STONE.
You hear tho truth and nothing but the
truth, be it good or bad. He positively refuses
to accept any fee in \u25a0 advance and leaves It to
your judgment whether he has performed all
be claims and advertises to. do.
Full Life Reading 60c. Hours 10 to 8. '$\u25a0
LIVINGSTONE— 26% Kearny— LIVINGSTONE
A PHENOMENAL $5 mental reading for $1.
BT. GEORGE ORMONDE 1031 Market st.
Yoghl Initiate, clairvoyant, psychic palmist.
Tell you more than all others combined;
how to overcome sickness, drink or weak
habits, enemies, spells, lost vitality, bad
luck; find treasures, \u25a0 valuable mines; marry
your choice; r.estore lost love; secure secret
powers of control; reunites separated; im-
plants business success. By mail $2. $10,000
for his equal.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis St.,
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, car be consulted on
nil affairs of life; Miss Wllle ruarantees an
honest, reliable, satisfactory residing; reveals
tha past; gives correct rorecasi of your fu-
ture; advlseß you on lmpoitant affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gives the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading, $1; hours
10-8 p. m.; French, German, English spoken.
CASSANDRA. 1007*& Market st.. near Sixth—
Before taking any— lmportant step in love,
marriage, divorce, purchases, eales* invest-
ments. Journeys, health, consult the great
clairvoyant and palmist. Cassandra: she is
the famous medium who predicted .the Russo-
Japanese war 4 years ago: also the assassin-
ation of "President McKinley; readings, $1;
hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. . -
7~ LINCOLN.
Clairvoyant and psychic; the oldest and best
known clairvoyant in san Francisco. Re-
opened at 3C6 O'Farrell st. Hours 10 to 0.
Readlnga by mall, $2. \u25a0
MME^ ROBERTS. clairvoyant ; convincing
proofs revealed through her power of clalr-
voyancy; readings dally; circie Wednesday
eve., 8 o'clock. 108% Hayes tt.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. & palm.,
has second eight; a wonderful prophetess;
names 600. $1. 1035 Flllmore. ur. McAllister.
MME. KRONEN'BERG. clairvoyant, card read-
er," palmist; when others fall try me; good
reading 2Bc; no sign. 102% 6th. nr. Mission.
MME. BERNARD reads yoii'r life correctly; ;
advice given on all affairs '\u25a0of life; satlsfac- I
tlon guar. ; 2Sc up. 17 3d, next Examiner bldg.
ISMAR will return to San Fmnclsco and be in
her office by Sunday, November 5. :
MME. RAVENNA, the marvelous clairvoyant.
gives names; advice In all affairs." 5 4th st.
MME. WARD. 1153 Market at., above 7th—
i Clairvoyant gives names, dates and facts.
MME. MARSEAU card reader; ladies ,25c,
Rents 50c; hours "1 to 9. -615 Minna st.
RETURNED, MME. ODELL, card and tea-cup
reader; 26c-50c; satisfaction guar. £>05 Jones.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed from IPS Sixth st. to 954 Mission.
~~SPIRITUAL.ISM.
DR. RAJAH, the wonderful Hindoo healer, por-
f orma miracles dally, 1 to 5 p. m. ; hopeless
cases cured quickly; no medicine; chronic dis-
eases diagnosed without asking a question.
87 Sixth et., room 7. -..•-'..: .
A MRS J -J. WHITNEY, . bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 10. Gait Houae.
MRS. E. J. WILLIAMS, spiritual adviser; none
better in city. 110 Sixth st., room 8. .
EARLE'S eeance Bun., Wed., 219 Eddy St.;
readings. Hotel Hlgglne. O'Farrell st
PALMISTRY.
A — RETURNED, H. Jerome Fosselli, scientific
palmist, 612 Maaon. nr. Sutter; tel.Blaok 0608
HYPNOTISM.
AILMENTS of nerves or mind cured) no drugs.
Da Lauff, magnet Ist, 709 Bush; hrs., 1-B, 7-9.
DENTISTS.
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL COMPANY^
Perfect painless dentistry |at lowest prices.
Full set of teeth,. s2; silver fillings. 25c; gold
fllllnga, $1: gold orowna, $3; bridge work,«% 3.
1104 Mhrket at., corner Turk.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, $3 60; fillings, SOc;
plates, $5; full eet;' all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, .24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, near 11th—
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old platea made ever Ilka new: teeth
from $8 per get; extracting BOc; gas given.
LOWEST prices In 8. F. ; painless extraction.
BOc. New York Dentlsta, 989 Mission, cor. Otb
DR. J. E. YOUNG, dentist, removed to 406
Butter et, rooms 7 and 8. .'.. . . . ' ;
GOL*D fillings, 76c; silver, 83o; crowns, ?2,.n0
pain; op. Sun Dr.A.C.Hewltt,lol% Grant ay.
DAY. AKD CONTRACT WORK.
CARPENTER and builder wants work by day
*or contract. C. C. LERO Y. . 602 Jessie st
EDUCATIONAL
A — THE Lyceum, an •>. excellent preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; we prepared hundreds of students suc-
cessfully ' acd 'we shall prepare you ; day,
evening session; references President Jordan
. or. any Stanford . prof eesor. Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUB. COL.. 933 Market,
. conducted . by'.Robt F. • Gallagher, \u25a0 expert
court reporter, holds world' a record for short-
hand writing; successful himself, will' make
. you so: aboi-thand typing, bookpg. Catalogue.
ALL. who desire good positions should attend
this college; we have had 250 good places
eince March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
lege, 788 Mission st. . ' ' •
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to \u25a0 dramatic
learning In. America:- positions 1 guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
DANCING, both adult and' children's classes,
now open- at Hlnman'g- School- of Dancins,'
1412 Polk st, near ' California; .phone East
\u25a0 -2126. . .•.--... \u25a0 .- .-\u25a0\u25a0.'\u25a0,
HEALD'S School of '. Mines : and Englnering, 24
Post at., S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, ateam
\u25a0 and-gas engineering. 'Send for prospectus.,,.;",
HEA LD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24* Post st'-
\u25a0 Established 18C3; largest in the West; annual
; enrollment, 1000; send for -' circular. \u25a0 \u25a0 • :
BOOKKEEPING, En*,\ math., »tc, day; and
eve.;' individual .lnstr; 306. Larkln , at. Prof.
T.A; Roblnaon. formerly: ~pres.:Pac. Bus. Col.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec; mln.. mech.; sur-
«• vey, assay, cyanide; day," eve; eat. 1564.:- Van'
• der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton.; nr.- City, Hall. \u25a0
A— METROPOLITAN-Callfornia-Students Join-
ed. Business. Stenographic. 925: Golden .'Gate.'.
A— SPANISH. French, Italian. English branch-
es. MRS. AMEB. 1311 Oetavla et.,>nr.* Geary.*
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTIKGTON'S/ 424 Poat at-^-Nlght classes.,
A special • class preparatory to 'teachers' exam-
inations or State: nor. -scnls/- 833. Phelan bids."
CHEAPEST • and best In America— The Weekly
: Ca11,"16 pages,-. rent^lO;any. uddreas'in'. the.
United States or Canada one year, for $1. -'
' EMPLOYMENT. OFFICES.
A— ORPHEUM 'c Employment office— Japanese.
Chlneae help; removed. to -602 Sutter st., ; be-
tween Powell and; Maaon;, tel. Main 5762.
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese Employment . Office
: promptly furnishes all kinds of reliable help.
George \u25a0 Sakauye, 421 Post Bt. : tel. Bush 135.
STAR Employment L Of flce^— Reliable Japanese
and Chinese help furnished i with care. W.
KADOTA. 409, P0we1l at.; tel. Main 1751.
UP-TO-DATE Japaneae-Chlnese amp. office*
furnishes reliable help of all. kinds promptly.
H. KIODA, 406. P05t at.;, tel. Jamea 501.
A— JAPANESE and v Chinese help. ,WM.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton st. ; tel. Bush 859.
AN old. estab...(lBsO) iChipese amp. office; C.
CHONG'g. removed to 818 Pine ;tel. Grant IP6.
Finest Japanese help ; housecleanlng , specialty •
Geo. R. Kunlabe. 343 Mason; tel. James S2BI.
H. W. HONG. 1113 Clay at.; Chinese employ-
ment office: beat help.- Tel. East 426.
OHINESE and Japanese help; eatab..2O years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY ft CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE. Chinese help of all kinda furnish-
ed ; housecleanlng. .708 Taylor; James 7636.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main 6188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
EDUCATED German lady wishes a position in
first-class family for upstairs work and sew-
ing; has best references and long -years of
experience. 80x, 4613. Call. - .
A SALESLADY would like position in mer-
chandise business; 12 ' years' experience;
speaks English and German. Addreaa, by
\u25a0 lettor. R. M., 1646 Bush at. -
A COMPETENT girl, willing to do downstatm
work •-.. and ' cooking or general houaework;
wages SBO to i $35. Apply 535 Minna' at.,
near. Sixth. • - - 1 \u0084
A NEAT woman wishes to go out; small wash-
ing and house-cleaning by the day. 308
Van Ness aye. '•: . \ \u25a0 '\u25a0. . ':.
A YOUNG woman wants any kind of work by
the day; is a good cook and laundress; ref-
erencoa. 303A.P01k et.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would Ilka to do llfirht
housework; no objection ' to children. 44 Te-
hama st., bat. First and Second.
YOUNG German ' lady, epeaka Engliah well,
•', wants upstairs work or place In kitohe-n to
learn cooking. 1809 Stockton st.
A YOUNG woman with a cnlld 0 years wishea
; . place aa housekeeper; !>eat referenoea. Box
- 6166, Call of flee, Oakland.
RESPECTABLE woman wants light houae-
keeping or chamber woric. 231 Natoma Bt.
EXPERIENCED stenographer dealres a poal-
tlon. : Box 4610. Call. \ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0.
AN experienced Woman dcalrea permanent care
of invalid; references. ! Box 3851. Call. .'
A YOUNG German girl \u25a0' deslrea position for
second work or waitress. 1022 Sacramento.
GIRL wishes position for light " housework;
plain cooking; adults preferred. 1338 Larkln.
AMERICAN woman wielies light housework;
references. 3621 Twenty-sixth st.
DRESSMAKER, ladies' tailor, Jackets, coats,
shirt waiat suits up-totdate styles; flta, sat-
isfaction _uaranteed; aM work taken In: de-
signer; engagements per: day; no sign. MISS
BARSS. 321 Franklin |st.
A LADY of experience and refinement wishea
(j position as managing housekeeper Of room-
ing or apartment house: exceptional refar-
encea. Box 4606. Call office. ' .'
A COMPETENT German girl wishas to do
cooking acd light housework in a Jewish
family; wagea $30. Call 35 Washington aye.,
between Ninth and Tenth eta.; no postals.,
YOUNG woman wishes position as chamber-
maid or, working housekeeper In small lodg-
lng-housa or transient house. Box 4601. Call.
A RESPECTABLE woman wants position for
general housework and cooking In a small
family; no postals. Call at 2503 Bush st,
COOK, strong, experienced young woman,
wants position in hotel , or boarding house,
city or country. Address box 1608, Call.
A NEAT woman would lika to do plain cook-
Ing and some housework In small family;
wages $30. Box 4602, Call office. ;
A REFINED young lady, experienced traveler,'
speaking English, French - and German flu-
ently, desires a position. Box 8860. Call. \u25a0
A WOMAN would like washing to take horn*
or go cleaning by the day. 713 H Minna st..
_ near Etrhth. \u25a0 . . . - . .
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes general houaework
and ccoklng; wages $20. . Pleaae call 623
Moultrla at., near Cortland ava.
RELIABLE woman wishes work for Tuesday
•"or Saturday; $1 50 per day and car fare. Box
8818. CalL . ' - \u25a0-. -
GIRL would- like to pose : In exchange for In-
struction In drawing; age 20; height 5 -feet
6 Inches. Box 3823, Call office.
INTELLIGENT reader desires engagemente;
reading to Invalids, - blind or • elderly people
or children. Address Reader. 08 Waller, St-
. wanted by an experienced book-
keeper; competent' and. reliable. MARY M.
FAHEY. 538 Turk at. -
YOUNG woman wishes position aa housekeep-
er. Call at 152 Perry at. \u25a0 \u25a0
TWO Finnish girls would Ilka to: do general
housework. 827 -Third at.
SWEDISH girl wants to do general houaework
and cooking. 621 Folaom at.
COLORED woman wanta position for house-
work. Box 3803, Call Office. '
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes family
laundry work by tha day. 1124H Folaom at.
WANTED— A situation \u25a0as housekeeper or aa
nurse for Invalid. 907 Folsom at., near Fifth.
A JAPANESE good girl wants position a«
plain cook and do general house-work In email
family. Addreea 1423 Pacific st. ; . tel. East
\u25a0•: 2442. \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0•;-. \u25a0 \u25a0 /\u25a0:'\u25a0• - \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
JAPANESE flret-clasß cook, hotel. $50 month.
Fine cook for steamera, also chief, $60; aac-
ond cook, $35 and $40. >
Flrat-olaia laundress, $30 month up.
. Good chamberwork, . $30 month up.
First-clasa helD alwaya on hand.
OEO. X.. propr., 843 Mason;. tel. Jamat 6201.
A : THOROUGHLY reliable expert aeoonntant,
young, quick, active, accurate,' who has been
in charge of banks and commercial : concerns
In Europe. Mexico and United States, know-
Ing four foreign languages, deslrea permanent
engagement; Al local referenoes. Box 8839,
Call office, \u25a0- ;\u25a0-;.\u25a0\u25a0" -;\u25a0\u25a0----\u25a0-,. .;'' ; :'-•:..'
WANTED — An . elderly man . now employed .as
\u25a0 watchman in a family hotel . la : deslrotu of
making \u25a0 a change and aoospt - a similar po-
sition In hotel, apartment : house .or of flee
-building; references aa to sobriety and re-
liability.- Address Box 1447 Call. .. :
TOUNO married man wiahaa position of any
kind: understands care of \u25a0\u25a0. horses; experi-
enced driver; thoroughly reliable. Box 4613
1 Call office. -• :•':.' ;
COUNTRY, city ©r private employment want-
•*ad - by competent \u25a0 porter, \u25a0 packer ' or handy
man; active reliable worker; city or ooun-
try. Address Box 4816 Call. \u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:- : ' \u25a0
TWO bright Filipino ~ young men desire po-
altlons aa porters in total or atore ; are faith-
ful and have good referenoea. 'Apply room
'-. 818 James Flood >ldg.;. -\u25a0\u0084.' . /-. .
YOUNG man 24. sober, steady, reliabla. wanta
position as engineer In hotel or mill; oity.or
country • oountry ' preferred ; ' good references.
137 Tenth at. -
A XI AN understanding the care of horaea, gar-
dening and milking wanta position on private
. place. 1 HBNRY ROKOP. 473 Seventh ~ St.;
,;. Oakland, Cal. :.\u25a0.-,\u25a0 \u25a0:-":\u25a0:\u25a0.\u25a0' '\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 '>-:\u25a0' '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0'
STEADY, . reliable young man, with good J ref-'
«. erencea,- desires outdoor , work. . to ' oare for
lawn or garden, etc. ; Box \u25a0 8847, Call. -
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work to milk and
I- care , for horses ; and garden.' Box 4692,' ; Call.
TYPESETTER wanta >a; position In ; city or
: \u25a0 country ; • good ; ref erences. \ Box \u25a0 4614, Call. "
AS I caretaker or other \ work ; city :or country ;
careful with; horses; steady.: Box 4621;? Call..
SITUATION wanted "byK an expert - machinist
' and adjuster of stitching machines; have also
\u25a0•'had ; experience j all •'; kinds; of ma-,
chines on leather- work; « 5 1 years'/ experience
In San Francisco.- 'Box 8805,: Call. y > \u25a0 ;.-\u25a0 \ ;
AN absolutely honest, sober," industrious , young
- man - wants ; position;*' private^ place; ; under- ;
'- 1 stands driving, care of horses, garden,' •• lawn :
: : . milk,', can paint and ', do any s repairs needed
• around . a . place. ,; Box 4863. . Ca11. :": ."••_-': -. '\u0084-'
ELKCTRICIAN,.- lately, from East,', experienced
' "• and competent, 'desires: a position with' elec-,
£,1 trical i company; is - strictly ; reliable : and '• will '
, give, employers faithful service. • Address R. :
.: PALMER, 1159 Turkjst.: '\u25a0.• • . '. , : '\u25a0 . •..',,'. : . '. "
WANTED— Situation ; t-- head¥, gardener \u25a0; In rail
f branches; . first-class , references; : able . to han-j
tk die - men ; 4 take - charge i of ; gentleman's : place; 1
, : sober, middle-age.'-, single.':,-; Box .; 3795. .: Call. \u25a0 '
COOK ! (first class) I with | best ) of | raferenees [ de- ;
Vi sires ; position ' either ; In j boarding-house ' or v In :
\u25a0- mining . camp ; 'Is ,' strictly i. reliable. , Addres*
. 318.' James Flood building.: , \u25a0'
WANTlSD— Sl tuttion ;\u25a0 steam , fireman ; c©al or
oil.* Apply ; 1410 ; Kentucky, at •;•.-'- : , ' -
EMPLOYBIENT WANTED— MALE— Con.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants Job every evening
• and Sunday or Wednesday evening, Saturday
; evening and i Sunday mornlne. •J. BMIDT,
r 923^ Mission at.
GERMAN, , middle-aged and , single, wishes a
situation as clerk in grocery store and bar-
•.- room; good references. W. EOHLING. 417
...Kearny st.
WANTED— Position aa first-class blacksmith
-and -tool dresser; good on inventions of tools
', to reduce .labor.; a place wanted where a
good mechanic is appreciated. Box .">S99, Call.
STEADY, . reliable young man. "with good ref -
; ; erences. : desires outdoor work, .to care lawn
or garden, etc. -72 Pleasant st., between Sac-
. ramento and Clay, off Jones.
YOUNG/ gentleman would -like a position in
fancy bakery or cafe as baker's helper; has
experience 'in the - East. Box
. 1458. Call office. -,
EXPERT accountant wants small set books
for firms ; or . persons to keep; evenings or
Sundays; terms low; Interview requested.
Box 3859. Call. «/ .
POSITION wanted by respectable old gentle-
maa as . bartender In oountry hotel or road-
house; sober, steady and reliable; wages no
object; good references. Box 8781, Call.
YOUNG man.v 27. •',; business ' ability, well ac-
quainted Eastern territory,- going to New
York wants to represent firm. Box 3308. Call.
TO Plumbers — A handy man wants to learn the
trade. Address letter to Plumber, postofflce,
Alameda, Cal. . .
HOUSE and window cleaning, farming, garden-
\u25a0 Ing; any work by experienced man; $1 per
day. Box 4695,. Ca11.
STRONG, reliable young man wants position of
any kind where there is chance for ad-
vancement.' Box 3594. Call. "
A TOUNO man wishes to learn the electrical
trade; has had some experience; can furnish
references. Box 8871. Call.
EXPERIENCED ohaffeur wishes position to
care for and drive owners machine; prefer
new Win ton. Box 3598, Call office.
JANITOR, experienced, .seeks work; office or
house porter; references given. Box 3522,
Call office. . . . •
FIRST-CLASS German c cook wants sltuaUon;-
wagfß Sip. . 558 Stockton at.
SITUATION wanted as night watchman or
Janitor by experienced man. Box 3837. Call.
GOOD oook. olean, sober and steady, wishea
situation. Box 8842, Call office.
GARDENER and florist, capable .of taking
charge of estate; references. Box 3895, Call.
A VERY honest Japanese schoolboy, good Eng-
lish speaker and cook, desires a place; have
\ Borne recommendations. J. NAKAGAWA,
1329 Pine st. ; Japanese Mission.
JAPANESE, honest boy, wants school-boy po-
sition housework. 8359 Sacrament St., T.
NAKAMURA.
JAPANESE, good, plain cook and houaework;
city or oountry. GEORGE, 703 Larkin et.
Tel. Eaat 8770.
JAPANESE first-class cook wants position In
family; city. R. UBHIO, 451 Jessie at.;
phone South 1161.
GOOD Japanese school boy wanta position;
housework. I. HONQO. 2202 Flllmore st.
JAPANESE wanta position; good laundry man;
cJtyor country; nice family; wages $7. K.
IWAOKA. 80S Taylor at.
A JAPANESE strong man -wants position to
do any kind of work; speaks English well.
H. MORI. 609 Buah st.; phone Main 3608.
FTRST-GLASS Chinese oook wants to work
tor good family; good recommendation. Ad-
dress 619 Jackson St., B. F. : j ». . •
JAPANESE wants position as school boy;
speaks well. FRANK, 807 Polk st. \ \u25a0 -?~
CHINESE would like position as cook In pri-
vate family. 1005 Stockton at.
CHINESE boy: first-class family cook, wants,
position. 822 j DuDont st. \u25a0 .
A WEEK'S news for B cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
FLATS TO LET.
AAAA
Every desirable vacant dwelling is Hated in
our renting department. Combined lists from
25 of the larcest agencies. Save a world of
time and trouble. \u25a0.-< \u25a0\u25a0--. \. .y v
Service Is absolutely free.
You are not asked to buy or even look at fur-
niture. Welcome 1 .
\u25a0 STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY.'
1039 Market st.. opposite McAllister." ' '
AAA— COMPLETED LIBT OF HOUBE9,
FLATS, apartment and rooming-houses; our
renting department Is frea to all; wa can find
you a home In any part of the city; ask for
no payment other than your good will; we do
not ask you to buy or even look at the goods;
lisa this department freely; you are more
than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 245-259 Geary
et. (on the square).
5 ROOMS, bath and wash tub! each, 118-118 U
Perry, near Third and Harrison; 89-41-43
Langton, 4 and 5 rooms, bath and wash tubs
new. clean and convenient; 711 Harrison, 4
rooms; 657 Jesale. near Seventh. 6 roome.
AN elegantly furnished 8-rodm flat; McAllister,
near Stelnar; for permission to inspect same
call at office. D. W. CARMICHAEL CO.,
-- 232 Montgomery st., 2C43 Mission st.
HALF month's rent free; coma and 809 those
beautiful flats,- 4 rooma and fcath. $20; ' only
' two left. 2786 to 2756 Franklin st. ; marine
view. ,
BRODERICK, I*3, near Halght— Modern B-
room flat; marble steps, beam ceilings, elec-
tric lights, etc. ; owl cars; rent reasonable.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 8825, near Church — New.
modern flat, 5 rooms and bath; newly tint-
ed; rent $20. _• ' \ • . ' . \u25a0
TWENTY-FIFTH. 8478. near Valenola — 1
rooma and bath, $16: private entrance; an
upper sunny flat.
|_2 50 — c SUNNY rooms; middle flat; tinted)
marine view. IS6S Filbert st.. between Oc-
tavla and Laguna. •--.-•
$25 — SUNNY flat; 8 r. and b.; yard, basemnnt.
$18 Willow ava., off Van Neea, bet. Eddy
and Ellla sts. \u25a0
MISSION. 1910 — New building, store and flat;
suitable for doctor or dentist; rent reasonable.
VAN NESS aye., 220 — B sunny rooms, $35; and
8 rooms. $50; water free.
$12 50 — SUNNY 4 rooms. 68 Ivy ava., near
Van Ncsa aye. and Hayes st.
$25— UPPER flat, .7 rooms and bath. 1175 Mc-
Alliater st. oorner Flllmore. . .
$16— TOWNSEND, 240. opp.S.P. R. R. depot;
.' 4 rooms and bath. ( ' . , \u25a0 \
BUSH; - 1661 — Upper fiat, fcTj rooms, $35: middle
\u25a0 flat, 4 rooms, $25; basement flat, 4 rooms, $18.
0 ROOMS; all modern improvements; rent
$15 80. 26078 Post at.
MASONIC aye., 1227. near Halght — Cbiy flra^
. room - flats : reasonable. ' . .
$17 — CORNER upper < flat.' 0 eunnr rooma and
bath; tinted. 8336 Twenty-sixth at., nr. Capp.
$12 — NICE large sunny 8-room flat. 1322 Jessie
St.; near Valencia.
VAN NESS a-ve., 220 — 5 sunny rooms. $35; and
8 rooms. $50; water free.
$12 50— SUNNY, 4 rooms. , 68 Ivy- aye.. near
I Van Ness ava." : and . Hayea st.
CALIFORNIA. 8004H— Lower flat. 6 rooms,
bath; rent reduces ; If suited see landlord.
BEAUTIFUL location; Hayes and Stanyan; G.
.O.Park;^ r.^flats,- $25; new; ready this wk.
HAIGHT. 1061, ..; near. Baker — Nice ,' sunny 6-
: , room flat, facing Buena Vista aye. and park.
GROVE, .715%— A fine, sunny,; flat: 7 rooms.
. bath;, key at 715' Grove at. .
BROADWAY. 1255 nr. Hyde— Sunny flat. 3
large rooms;. sanitary; fine lawns; $3 to $11.
$25— SUNN T flat ' of 6 • rooms, bath. . garden ;
adults. > 2719 ; Pine gt. y
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
' .;-", Call, :16 : pages. ;. sent ,- to ; any : address In . the
TTnlted »Ptat<«« or Carnria one yaar. for SI.
'FLATS TO . LET— FURNISHED.
SUNNY,- flat of. 4 rooms; rent reasonable to re-
\u25a0 \u25a0 sponslble party. -• 1976 : Ellis St.. 10-12. 2-4.
? FLATS FOR } S ALE— FURNISHED. ~
NEWLY"/ furnished; . sunny, 3 upper 7-room :.flat: ',
"- will sell or rent; cheap. \ Box 3759. Call office.'
FURNITURE WANTED.
A— PHONE South 1015; It will pay you to send
for me ; before v you sell your furniture. , oar-
\u25a0.;:pets.v piano. 1 etc. • M.^GALLICK, 201 Larkin.
MARK ?J. \u0084LE\'Y AUCTION CO.. 1321 ' Marke t;
\u25a0' st..'t.bet."j Oth I and 10th,. paying. big money , for
: .. turmtur« . c etc. ; - Phone \u25a0 South ,179. ._ \
Alfred tWollpert.* 773 Mission, phone , Red 4462.
.'-'\u25a0 pays highest price for. furniture, 1 , carets," etc. 3
HENRYi MAYER | pays < highest prices ' for a fur- 1
-culture, 1 carpets, etc. 752 Mlaalon; tel Buah 813
Z. : ABE \ LEVY.? 1185 i Market ; at., phone Jessie
-,761.' paya cash and buys everything.' . r
\u25a0;'-, FTfRNITURE FOR' SALE. -\u25a0;;
ALMOBT given I away:, unredeem-d storage I pi-
anos and fur. Whltehead'i Storage, 1638 Mkt,
*— ilW'y'l^M^sßß^aßa^Bs^as^B^B^s^s^sMHa^^W
HELP WANTED — FEMALE, .v.
A— CENT.~CALIF. EMPLT. CO.. 3SS O" Fa r r «"-
Male and Female Help— Phone Main ***%•
': French or Ger. Gov.: knowl. of music.?Jo
French maid; care child 7 years J^
French ladies' maid . • • J-r
Lady's maid '.\u25a0........- -• • • •*{<>
Infant's nurse, Alameda... -.-•»-•>
Ger. Btrl speak Ger. to. boy 2 to 6..".. 80 c rtuy
3 parlor maids and waitresses "," ,2
1 4 . tutant's nurses. . .-. $2v--J|>
"Glrlto take care of baby....... ..-.515
3 Gfer. second girls (good places). .s'Ji-.w
Chambermaid and seamstress; ref. ... -• -1-3
Hswk Kirl go to Mexico with family.. 92o
Cook, delicatessen store, 2 weeks.. s7 week
a Ger. and Swedish girl, family 3, goo«J p1.530
:i flrsit-class laundresses *1 Co day
'2 cooks institutions; one Oakland ...s3j
" C family cooks $3S-40
Cook mining boarding house $30
8 COOKS, first-class German families. .$3O $35
Cook, small delicatessen $30
2 parlor maids, city $30
Butler., city $45
Maid and seamstress $•*\u25a0»
S second girls, city and country $l*o-s^r» |
\u25a0 2 • nurseglrls . . . $15-$25
Chambermaid and waiting, city $-5
Waitress, country hotel $25
Man and wife, private place $30
. 2 waitresses, city .;.;....: $25
Cleaning woman. Institution *-0
French second girl $23
Second girl and nurse $25
' Housework, Roas Valley $35; Berkeley.. s33
\u25a0 40 general houaework girls, rfty and country,
$20-$25-$3 O. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & C0.;.33t Sutter at
WANTED — Glrla to learn millinery for fall: 2
seasons from start to finish In 1 mo. for $15;
positions guaranteed 812 per week up; learn
now for fall positions. \u25a0 234 Post, r. 16. 2d fir.
LEARN hairdressing. facial massage, manlcur-
ing, scalp treatment, hair work.removal super-
fluous hair; day, eve. classes; positions walt-
lng;slo week up. 210 Powell, r. 2-3. 2d floor.
WOMEN to learn halrdresslngr, manicuring and
massaging- only takes four weeks; special
terms to next 10 students: evening class from
7ot 0. Moler System College. 40S Powell at.
SEWING machine operators on shirts; 'clean,
llghl factory: steady work; inexperienced
young women tamrht and paid while learn-
ing. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 1873 Mission
\u25a0at., bet. 14th and 15th. MR. HINDSHAW.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORB ON OVER-
ALLS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
GOOD PAY; STEADY WORK. LEV!
STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT ST. MR.
DAVIS. \u25a0 . - --"
GIRLS wanted to learn to make cigarettes:
paid while learning; steady work and good
wages. JOHN BOI*LMAX CO.. 69T Front st.
\u25a0-\ zzzn •
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on coats and
skirts. MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market at
WANTED — Operators on women's and chil-
dren's ware; also horn» workers. MARKS
\u25a0 BROS.: 1220 Market st. '
WANTED— An experienced salealady for our
hosiery department. Call between 10 and 12
a. m., Wednesday. I. MAGNIN A CO.. 49
Ellla at. i
EXPERIENCED and capable nurse to taka full
charge of a child of 9 months; must have
the best of references; apply from 3 to- 6
p. m. 2535 Van Ness aye., near Union st.
WANTED— Experienced millinery "saleswomen.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' _^
GIRL for numbering machine f nr bindery.
Mutual L. & L. Co.. Second and Bryant sts.:
Brrant-st. entrance. ' \u25a0
WANTED— GirI for general housework; must
. be good plain cook. 2623 California at. be-
tween 1 and 5 p. m. '
WOMAN for general housework 1» the coun-
try; good wages; small family. | Apply be-
tween 2 and 5 p. m., 1322 Scott, Wednesday.
A GOOD, reliable girl or woman for -light
housework; good home. 1111 Scott, bat. Turk
and Eddy.
NEAT, willing Swedish girl for downstairs
work In family; plain cooking, plain wash-
Ing. $20. 1216 Filbert st. near Hyde.
WANTED — Girl to assist with general house-
work: good home and wagea, ; Apply 117
» Cola at, near Hayea. -J
A WOMAN for housework; 2 In family; wagaa
$20 month. 2253 Taylor at.
STRON.G, competent woman; washing. Ironing;
Mondays. Tuesdays. Call 817 Larkln st.
YOUNG lady for offlca work. Box 4887. Call.
GIRL about 16 to care for baby, assist light
housework. 707 San Jore aye.. noar 29th.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework; good
home; wages $10 a month. 1525 Cilia st
WANTED — Lady to take care of house; 3 In
family; $12 month. 904 O'FtVrell st.
WANTED— A irlrl for second work and sewing.
1307 Hyde at. :
GERMAN girl for delicacy store; Sundays and
evenings off. 57-B9 Union Square Market
GOOD finisher wanted on custom coats; steady
work; good pay. 809 Mission st., fourth Ceor.
GIRL general housework; adults; Sunday off;
$12 month.' 418 Leavenworth st.
EXPERIENCED salealady for millinery; also
apprentice. 461 Thirteenth st. Oakland.
GIRLS to learn hatrdressing, maniourlng, mas-
sage, etc., from A to Z. in 1 month for $8 to
those entering now; 7 positions, to fill guaran-
teed at $10 cer week up; day and evening;
clasa.. 234 Post St.. room 17. second floor.
WANTED — Young woman to learn telephona
- operating; salary while learning; references
required. ADPIy after 9 a. m.. 218 Bush at,
third floor. -
WANTED— Cash glrla; muat ba U years of
age or over. Apply, with age . and school
certificate to auperlntendenfa office. Th«
Emporium. \u25a0 "
WANTED — A young lady of good appeajanoe
. for reception room of photo studio; must
have knowledge of photo printing. Address.
stating salary expected.' box 2540. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to care for Invalid
-lady; good home; wages moderate; ahort dis-
tance from city. Box 3714 Call, or 1420 Flf-
teenth st.. Oakland. {
GIRL for general housework and plain cooking;
3 in family; wagea $25. L. ESCHEX. 1829
Buchanan st. * ' 'I.i
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole hand wanted: steady
employment to the right party. 8. N. WOOD
A CO.; 49 Oeary st. *
CIGARETTE makers wanted at H. BOHLS X
CO.'S, 244 Fremont at.; to make Kadea
cigarettes.
LADIES — Wa do 1 shampooing; manicuring and
halrdresalng for 10 cents; open evenlnga;
first-class work. 405 .Powell st. . ;
LADIES ; wishing profitable spare time fancy
work, requiring' no experience or talant. call
9. to 6. 1344 Market st. opp. Seventh. . - t
WANTED — Experienced* pants \u25a0 operators by
S. N. WOOD & CO. Apply factory, 49 Oeary.
GIRL of good character to care for baby during
day; references required. 3323 Clay at.
WANTED — Young girl for housework. Apply
524 Harrison at. .
GIRL wanted; general housework; no children.
626 Shotwell at. ' . V
WANTED — Girl for. housework and cooking.
1542 McAllister st.
WANTED — Waist hands and Improvers
MULRONEY. 110 Geary at
FIRST-CLASS waist helpers wanted Apoly
room 79. 6 Eddy at. -
ADVERTISEMENTS." subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts. .
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions hiw
been • opened ;at lOCS Market at, opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. "
BARBERS— Employment and Supplies.
$500— FIRST-CLASS 3-chalr barber shop for
' cale; -well furnished: cheap rent; buiy street
r.r. Market: doing good business; to be sold
, sacrifice. lOLEMAN. 311 Jamea Flood bid*.
BEST 2-cbalr ; nhop in Alameda. with cigar
stand that pays expenses of shop: reasonable;
lease. 1544 Park' St.. Alameda.
GREAT bargain; shop clearing $30 to $33 per
week; fine location; "cheap rent: Box 4700.'
Call office. - ; . ,
I -WANT to buy 4, 0r '5 chair barber shop;
wholesale district preferred: particulars. Box
3752. Call office.. ,
; BARBER for Wednesday. Saturday and Suh-
--•; day. 142% Eighth -wt.
\u25a0 BARBER wanted every afternoon. Wednesday.
*• Saturday, and. Sunday: steady. - 37ft Fifth »t.
GOOD barber wanted. 2CS Third st.*
FIRST-CLASS young man drslres steady poal-
. tlon • as ; barber, to start ' Monday. - .
FOR sale— A , 3-chalr ; barber- shop; i a bargain*
-.'\u25a0: party., leaving city. 225% Fifth st.
2-CHAlR; barber shop; living rooms; good loca*
ttlon; rent. *12. 1705 Market st.
A. WEEK'S news for 8 cents— The Weekly Call.'
Pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
HELI» WANTED— MALE.
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY (Inc.)
6C5 Washington st. Phone James 3301.
2000 MEX-FKEE FARE — 2COO M£.N.
. FREE FARE-FEE $t
For one company. 20CU men.
Laborers. $UO.
Teamsters. $67 CO.
New railroad work. Year's Job.
FREE FARE.
NEAR OREGON. R- R. WORK.
FREE FARE.
Slsklyou County. New railroad work.
Ship to-night.
NEW MEXICO.
25 coal miners, ode ton. $3 day.
Timbermen and teamsters, fare refundeA
7 carpenters, near city; steady job: $3 50.
2 carpenters, build clubhouse. $120.
Miners. Slsklyou County. $2 and found.
Miners. Oregon. $2 75 and found.
Miners, $2 and found; gold quarts: 9 hour*!
$3 fare.
Santa Crux, naw work, laborers $60.
Shasta County. lumber pliers, $73.,
Brakemen. $70; axmen. »B3; spool tender. $70.
1 Oregon mill and woods, part frea fare. $2-$4.
Laborers, near city, $C 0 and $67 50.
2 >ewer diggers, » hours, $2 25 to $2 50.
steady! . '-__ .„
20 railroad graders. Shasta County. $87 00.
PACIFIC CONTRACTORS* EMP. AGBXCT.
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR WORK?
Then Join the Independent Workmen of Ajneriask
Why should you Join?
Because It Is a worklngmen'a corporation,
and th* main object of this corporation la to
create a better feeling between employer and
employe, to maintain a housa where men and
women of good character can aecure the best
positions obtainable. We will open up larger
headquarters shortly, wnere members can
enjoy home benefits.
Preparations axa now being made for laiga
home In country, where members can acquire
vacations.
For further particulars write or call room
318. Jamea Flood building.
AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BURmAT, 643
COMMERCIAL ST. PHONE BUSH 833.
2 MACHINE MEN. water tunnal $90
10 rough carpenters, north $103
FREE FARE NEVADA FREE- FARE.
0 brid<e carpenters - \u25a0• - - - $*
C BOSS HERE— NEVADA— FREE FARE
2 waiters, city; assistant shipping clerH. 515;
laborers. $i 50. KLECTRIC CO.; 3 laborers.
city: 2 teamsters, city. C US TO-DAY.
WINDOW trimmer and dry goods sales-
man. $100; 4 rough carpenters. $2 50 day; 4
carpenters. $4 day: old man to ear* for
place: window washer. $S waek; - 2 roof
fainters and repairers. 300 hour: laborers.
2 and $2 25 day: miners. $2 25 day; fur-
nace men. $2 50 day; milker; shlnxle pack-
er, ?40 and found anrl others. J. B*.
; CRO9ETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento at.
2 BUTLERS. $45 and $50 and found; restau-
rant cook $15 waek: salocn porter and cook.
$00; waiter and wife. $50. and others. J. T.
CROSETT & CO.. «2S Sacramento at.
ANDRE'S . office. 317 Stockton— Mllk«r, food
butter-maker, prlvata place, $30; fry ccoS,
$70; kitchen hand, $30; waiter, $25: first
waiter. $40. etc.
AT King's Employment Office. 823 Washington
st. — Man and wife for ranch. $60 month.
TOUNO MAN 17 TEARS OF AGE. STAN-
DARD FACTORY. COR. GOUGH AND
GROVE STS.
BRIGHT. ACTIVE BOY. ABOUT 13. MAY SE-
CURE LIFE EMPLOYMENT. WITH
STEADY ADVANCEMENT: HIGH SCHOOL
GRADUATE PREFERRED. SEE MR.
GAY, ROOM 822. WELLS-FARGO BLDG..
WEDNESDAY. 10-12.
BRIGHT young man about 21 years of aga as
typewriter and clerk: qualifications neces-
sary, grammar school education, good pen-
manship and accuracy at figures; very good
opportunity; state age and experience. Ad-
tlre33 C. V.. box 4811. Call offlca.
WANTED for U. 8. army — Able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and S3:
citizens of United States, of good character
and temperate habits, who can speak, read
and write English. For Information apply
to Recruitine Offlcar, 204 Rlalto building.
New Montgomery St., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — 3 bright, energetic young men, well
acquainted in city and country, for positions
which will pay $3000 per year; references re-
quired. Apply 244 Crcsa'.ey building, be-
tween 2 and 4 j>. m.
BRIGHT youns man. 10 years of age. as gen-
eral office boy In wholesale grocery; gram-
mar school education, good penmanship and
accuracy at figures. .Box 4612. Call. office.
WANTED — Salesmen ol experience to aell Jut«-
nila furnishing goods. .«pply S. N. WOOD
& CO.. 740 Market st.
WANTED — Experienced pants operators by
S. __ WOOD & CO. Apply factory. 49 Geary.
WANTED — Young men to select orders la
wholesale crockery house; In replying, state
ag» and what experience. Box 4613, Call.
WANTED — Two colored boys, 10 to 18 years.
singers and dancers. Mission Theater stage
door.
BOY to work around store and run errands;
wages $8 per Box 4819. Call offic«*
stating age and where last 'employed.
BOOTBLACK. Saratoga Baths. Park aye., naar
Hollls st.. Rose's new »ullding. Emeryville,
near racetrack. \u25a0
WANTED — Boys of 18 years, and older. Ap-
ply American Can Co.. 7th and Townaaod.
TWO - experienced miners for small property;
standard- wages. Box 4017. Call office.
BTRONO boy; $1 day. Mutual L. and L. Co..
Second and Bryant ati.. Bryaat-st. entrance.
BOY wanted; ehanos) for promotion. HOOKER
<& CO.. 13 Dnunm at. - ,-\u25a0<
WANTED — An errand boy. 533 Maxk»t St.. fit-
floor.
WANTED— Boy; steady work. &X Market st.
room 623. *
COOK for small country hotel; $40. SIS Jamas
Flood bulldlnr.
WANTED— A porter at S3 Fifth st.; apply
after 10 a. ra.
WANTED — Experienced grocery eJerfc. Apply
early, SC9S Sacramento st.
WANTED — Porter for hotel at 801 Qeary St.,
corner Taylor. •
WANTED— A willing and steady »I«v_tor boy.
29 Stockton at.
TAILORS wanted on military work. 813 Mar-
ket at., room S3.
WANTED — Dishwasher. 28 Sacramento at.
WANTED — At once. good, llva canvassers to
represent us throughout California; larg*
commissions paid; complata outfit furnished
free; good prospects for light -narty. For
full particulars address OREGON NURSERY
CO.. Salem, Ore.
WANTED — A regular physician to work In a
atiictly legitimate advertising medical In-
stitution ; only \u25a0 a moderate monthly aalary
will ba paid until fitness la proven by trial.
Box 4603. CalL . \u25a0 ' .
WANTED — Young man not o»«r IS, with good
education, for clerical position with larga
manufacturing concern. Address P. O. box
2C."8. San Francisco.
WANTED — Alt saleamen and salesladies seek-
ing positions are requested to call at the
Retail Clerk Headquarters and Employment
Bureau. 1149 Market st. nur Sixth, between
12 and 2 or 5 and 8 p. m.
MEN learn tte barbar trada in 3 weeks; tui-
tion earned while learning; situations guar-
anteed: enly up-to-date colleges in America. .
- MOLER'S SYSTEM COLLEGE. 644 Clay at.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to • know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor. • has
added ICO new rooms to the Denver Houa«.
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms. 25c to 00c par night.
WANTMO — Men to learn barber trade; new
method; tuition earned while learntajc: post-
, tlon guaranteed after 8 weeka. GILLMA.N'd
' BARBER COLLEGE. 627 Pay at.
WANTED— Party to nell dividend-paying .in-
dustrial stock; xmut give unquestioned refer-
ences. full name and address. Bos 3530. Call.
MEN and women to learn the barber tra<l.»:
. special offer to next five; new method. San
' Francisco College. 741 A Howard st.
WANTED-7-First-class Jeweler and dlamon.l
mounter: "must furnish best -of references
\u25a0Box 3549. Call. -'. , ~ \u0084 ...-".::
EXPERIENCED, accountant and office maa-
aeer: state wages and references. Box 460©
Call office. ' .
WANTED— Carh boys. II y»ars of ajfe; apply
'between H and orn Monday. 3. N. WOOD
& CO..' Powell -and Kills st».
WANTED — Experienced salesman for men"*
furnishing goods: only experienced -men nc><!
apply. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 7*o Mvket tt.
WANTEIV— Touch ronn. • experlenc? d c«.vly
mifcer: must ,bo *ober. reliable, wilting to
work In store. Address box 12. OrovHle. Cal.
-WANTED— Men to fill 3tx> rooms at 20c per
.. night; clothes -closets, hatr ' mattresses, elec-
tric light In every room. 631 Howard, nr. 3d.
WANTED — Lunch waiter; 10:30 to 1- 75e
3132 Mission. st. \u25a0. *
WANTED— At once, carpenters and *t>rr*n-
\u25a0 Ucea. Call room 210. Starr King buUdln*.
BOY to learn blacksmith trad* 22 Cortland "
\u25a0< avena». wrii»a»IDING, FOR EXAMPLES; GOOD C'OOKS-GOOI SERVANTS
A 1 .i;— Co nt in nc.l.
A—MURRAY 4- READY C 34-536 CUy et.
Thjne Main 5K48.
\u0084, Our Own Printing
1- .am issues our fre« ilst of positions four
time* daily — 7 a. m., 10 a. tn.,
EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION!
L£s? INVEs-TIGATJON AND SEGREGA-
T^« re si:lt in the production of
mrst-claes heu j .
if you want
i"rLE BEST HELP. IX> A? OTHERS DO-
SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY & READY. C34-tS3O Clay St..
leading- Emplojmer.i *r.d Labor Agents,
Phone Main 6848.-
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
W« save in 1804 laO3 we hope to
64.000 men work. increase «4.000.
CAST TOUR \u25a0
—EYE ON THIS
ONE THOUSAND MEN
1000 MEN
ONE THOUSAND MEN
FOR THE
NEW RAII^KOAD.
BIG WAGES.
2 YEARS' WORK.
SOUTH.
ARE YOU GOING SOUTH?
M DRILLERS. HAMMERMEN.
«• ROCKMEN, ETC.
$75 MONTH.
ILABORERS AND MUCKERS,
$67 60 MONTH.
S TOOL SHARPENERS. $90.
BOARD. ETC.. $20 MONTH.
ALL OPEN CUT WORK.
BEST R. R. COMPANY
IN CALrPORNIA.
DOING THEIR OWN'
WORK— "NOTICE :
KOT <X>NTRACT WORK."
GOODS SOLD FROM
COMMISSARY AT CO6T.
SPECIAL R. R. FAHE.
$2*o.
BEAUTIFUL SOUTHERN
CLIMATE. NO LOST
TIME.
WAGES PAID IN
OOLD-NO DISCOUNT.
OFFICE FEE $1.
MURRAY & KEADY.
C3l-C36 CLAY ST.
A£K ABOUT -
LOS AKGELES. f5 FARE.
CATALINA ISLAND. $5 FARE.
NEWPORT BEACH.- $5 FARE.
SANTA MONICA. $5 FARE.
PASADENA. $5 FARE.
LONGJSLAND. $5 FARE.
VOyUffim AND. «5 FARE.
BEAUTIFWjHIEDLANDS. $5 FARE.
Where th« Orange and Lemon grow, and
Flowers bloom xhe year round, and man
WORK EVERY DAY IN
THE LAND OF SUNSHINE.
NOW NOW NOW.
:2 bridge carpenters. $90.
'~o two-toorse teamsters, $67 50.
&5 laborers. $67 su.
•^5 hammermen and drillere, $75.
93 muckers, $C 7 50.
43 miners, $90.
And hundreds of other positions. BIG
WAGES.
GREAT CROWD GOING. ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY.
€3i-€U<J CLAY ET.
OREGON— FREE FARE.
C 5 COAL MINERS.
$1 TON— ARE YOU GOING?
COAL MINERS.
MEXICO MEXICO.
250 Coal Miners.
MURRAY & READY. -<34-<B6 Clay St.
AMERICAN FACTORY.
IN AND OUTSIDE.
STEADY JOBS.
MANAGER HERE.
53 LABORERS.
And men to do different class of work; you'll
$CO F^E T $i.
MURRAY & READY. <S4-63C Clay st.
TO SAWMILL AND WOODS.
65 LABORERS, $07 50.
FARE $"{.
REAL ESTATE and Development Syndicate.
F-REE FARE.
2" laborers, you'll rait, office fee $1 $CO.
55 TIEMAKERS— SEE US.
MILLMEN AND AMALGAMATORS. $90.
FREE FARE.
QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
-."> laborers, no experience, ship to-day, 11:30
i. m.. $00.
JL r - firillers. ship to-day. 11:30 a. m... $G7 50.
Ur- header men. ship to-day 10 a. m., 3 and
1 ' p. m.. $C 7 CO.
:2 laV>rers= big new quarry. $<T7 50.
IS laborer* around steam shovel. SR7 50."
MURRAY &. READY. tat-CW Pay gt.
LARORHRP— TEAMSTERS.
">i'. latjorers and teamHters. different Jobs.
f me in San FranciFco, $2. $2 25. $2 50
fiay; come see >i*.
FARMS ORCHARDS. ETC.
'Joneral ran"h hands- S-"i0 $-"». $40 found.
CHORE MEN AND BOYS.
Men and hoys for, chores, $15. f2O. *25. $30
:<nii found. .-
DAIRYMEN.
M'?k*rp hctttr ir.d eh'. ese makers. $30. $"5.
M 0 and fo-jr.d.
rr.EB TO fSATTMILLS AND V.'OODS.
'X-.T. laboirrr. far* paid, you'll suit. $3Tt, 540. |
$;.'. an<i found. j
STABLEMEN.
30 «tableir'n. different Jobs, $35 and found j
" (00. ?7S.
18 befs for-z-iff^rfTit triArm, »4. $5, ?fi we*k.
BUII-D XFVV" TTAfT.TtOAD.
FREE FARE.
OPKAT U'MTiER COAfPANT.
Ih yard laborers N'E.. XC7 50.
r.2 laborer*. rra<l«- railroad. KE.. *ff7 50.
MURRAY & PEABY. CT4-CW Clay st.
HCTET- DEPARTMENT. ETc!
COOKS, CAOKR. COOKS.
\u25a0"\u25a0•) Ok« different pl«ic*« *0f». $7.*. So: J«n M.
•VAITEPJS. WAITERS. WAITEPF.
"- »'.t»TB. dlfr«'r<nt pla.er. *45. Sin. $30. $25 |
r-r.-l f«»uO(!.
' TSHTTAFHKRF. PORTERS. niiOMAKERP. |
' altfrs, different r-I*ces. $25. $30. $25. S2O |
fn<3 found. '
T.AUNDHYMnN— BTTLLBOYS.
I-avrndr-nrcr.. *M lAmjnm*. S3, *2 M>. $2 day.
T>!3 and elevator boy«>. «jlffer»>nt jobs.
BUTCHERS AND BAKERF.
BatrfxeT. t!au>rhter-hcu«e work. $40 found. /
\u25a0A KPrs* h^'pf-re, $70. ?CO.- $.V). $45. $35. $50.
#.' and found.
LAUNDRY.
Polisher, ehirts. cufT*. collars, $15 werk.
BUTCHERS.
Hutch*ri ?hf»p end wagon, far^ 30c, bo«» here,
HO and found.
\u25a0RutchT. «hop and warcn, fp.re H CO, $35 fd.
Boy. cut mrat. city market, £30 found.
PORTETS. LRAPK TEND BAR. $5 t«<?lc.
c-'au*a«-<>-mEker.c -'au*a«-<>-mEker. *4C nr.ti found. - eoulh.
? aughter butcher $15 and found, south.
6 . nOOTBLACKS. $S .%O week.
Middlo-eeed man. issrJtu'.ion. $70 foynd.
Porter and- laborer, wholesale house, city,
$2 dsy.
MURRAY * READY. KM-G2B Clay «t-
~ MECHANICAL. "
1i yonaz men or boys learn savh and door •
t-*<lo. ft 25 dny.
2 water rubbers and po!lsh furniture, city, $2
<lay.
C"arp»n*er"s helper, few tonl?, city. f2 50 day.
4 upholsterers, 'arc 200. ?.*$ and $2 day.
Wajrun -maker, v/ond turner, city. $3 W> day.
1.-rr.c burner, fn.ro tl. *2 SO to $3 day
S PLUMBERS *i DAY.
3 cabinet-makers: ft MsnVc-t weaver*.
Machine hand. Hi) saw. $2 25 Any.
Gang edgennan. north. $S5 and found. 1
3 sticker hand*, mil!. S3 CO day.
6 BLACKSMITH? $.1 DAY. !
6 ERICKLAYTERS S5 DAY.
Machine eticker hand. $3 A*y.
Turner, band m«t<t. fare $2. $3 50 day. - !
CARRIAGE PAINTER $3 DAY. (
Brush hand«. varnishing. $2 to $3 day. ,
2 tlnsn-.lths. city work. $2 to $3 day.
2 PLASTERERS $S & $6 DAY.
Furniture and cabinet-makers, city, $2 BO •
-lay. J
Lather, few 20c. ?2 75 day.
Helrier in machine ehep. city. $1 B0 day.
ENGINEER. DRAUGHTSMAN. ETC.
<*hlef enpinwr end Tnechanlc, Institution, $65
*>.yd found.
\u25a0"T^chaJilcfil dr*neht«nan. <rfty. ,
MILLWRIGHTS.- , *
"• mor* mlllwrierhtit, lumber CO., $105. fd.
FREE FARE.
CARPENTERS.
* <-arp«Jt«r«, house "R. R. work, .free fare, _
\u25a04^-oue* carwentpf*. clt\- Job, $M.
Rouirh «"arj>Miter. far* I<V. rte^ady Job, $75 fd.
Carpenter, do rhlngXlnt. rtty. S3 day.
("\u25a0arwnter, run Job. concrete bridge, fare 50c, -
$4 day. — *
r«rr»nt**'. flnlph work. rtty. private, ri day.
3 carD^r.ters. roonufacturinK plant," 5105. ;.'. J
15 carpenters, build clubhouse, $4 day
*5 carpenters, house work, fare $1. . steady
jou, 5-.: r>Q <jf.j .
r 12 e-f^^ Uerft> Sl)cclal »«. special fare $2.
{\u25a0• *>" nay. > -"^ia^HßSa^
16 CALKERS. WOOD SHIPS. $S. DAY
15 CALKERS, FREE FARE
MURRAY & READY.
- • " 634-636 Clay st.
. " MARRIED.
£Zv \? U V* * !O^ el w «»«. mine town. $60.
Cook and wife, hotel, fare $] S6O«.
E laborers and teamster*, $00, $07 50.
MIRRAY & READY. <g*-U3g . Clay st. -
I BOX FACTORY.
\u0084T? un>r m *"- T <»«'H do. $2 day.
MLRRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
MURRAY & RBADY. 634-636 Clay st.
ACTIVE, trustworthy men of good address,
capable of presenting the "New International
Encyclopaedia." People are interested and
an opportunity 1» offered to make big money;
l-revioug experience not necessary; we train
and nt each man for the work assigned him
» j~»->l or address DODD, MEAD & CO.. 548-
S<9 Parrott bul'.dlr.g. San Franclaco.
/ .
BOY wanted at 593 Mission st.
DETECTIVES to learn the business; money
made while learning. 004 Montgomery, r. 204.
BOY wanted to wash dishes. 206 Leavenworth
EL. between Turk and Eddy.
WANTED — Boy» of li; y*-ars and older. Ap-
ply American Can Co.. 7th and Townsend.
SAILORS and ordinary F eamen for ail parts of
the world »t HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart .st.
10.000 WORKINGMEN to buy our genuine
army shoes; all Inspected. 105 Third st.
SAILORS and young m/n (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT 517 Jackson st.
LABOR deb's collected; suits, attachments.
I-aw and Adjustment Co.. 49 2d St.. rm. 622.
PENSION any.. E. A. Bullis. r.40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomns Post. G. A. R.
DAUTEL wants ISOU men to • buy inspected
Government shoes at 631 Sacramento st
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third et., nr. Mar-
ket— 7oo rooms; 35c night: reading-rooms.
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH effice of The Call for th« recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS,
ONE farm wagon; 2 sand wagons: 2 big plat-
form wagons; 2 one-horse express wagons-
one doctor buggy; fine rubber tire runabout;
all kinda of business buggies; 5 top wagons
and carta of all kinds. 1503--5 Folsom et.
SECOND-HAND panel top wagon; Victoria;
rubber tire coupe; Toomey road cart: leather
top carriage and phaeton: cheap at 500 Gold-
en Gate aye.; aieo 2 sets 2d hand harness.
FOR eale^'37s Eddy. Eclipse Stable, span b.
mares, fine drivers: b. gelding. 17 hands: blk.
geld., ldVj hands; 2 fine drivers. 15*4; pony.
FOR sale — Horse and wagon in good condition;
cheap. J. SEID owner. 611 Linden aye.
near Lacuna Et.
1 AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m.. 327 Sixth et.
JUST arrived one carload of good horses; for
\u25a0 sHle. 411 Sixth st.
GOOD business and wagon horses for sale
cheap. J. TOMKINSON CO.. 75 Minna at.
HOUSES TO LET.
, A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgmy.
SIX large, modern, sunny rooms, butler's pan-
try, high pl&nked basement; garden. 510
Guerrero st.
BARGAIN — Sunny house; 7 rooms, bath; sun-
ny yard: reasonable: no agents Box 3582,
Call office. \u25a0
Sl7 SO FO.R house of 6 rooms and bath; newly
papered and painted. 312 Hickory 'ave.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
GOUGH, 1615, near Pine — Very sunny, desirable
house. 7 rooms; all conveniences; 10 to 6.
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALft.
S FURNISHED rooms and bath; sunny; very
cheap; $l«i: rent $22 50: good place to rent
out rooms. 421 Sixth st.
HOUSES TO LET — SI.'HURBAX.
FURNISHED or unfurnished house in San Ma-
teo for rent. Apply to MARY A. LEE,
Hotel Mateo.
HOUSES TO LET — 3IILL VALLEY.
SUNNY villa, furnished. 7 rooms, bath. C.
TOOHEY or 312 Montgomery Bt. \u25a0\u25a0''-"'\u25a0'\u25a0".
HOTELS.
HOTEL St. Nicholas. Market. Larkin. Hayes
sts. — iHeart of S. F. ; modern; American and
European j'lans: electric lights and phone
in every room; hot and cold water; quiet."
INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturer of the
Eames tryclcle chair. 2018 Mk». ; tel. Park 775.
rf JAPANESE CONTRACT LABOR.
JAPANESE contract labor for farming, wood-
chopping, tree pruning or any work: estab. 5
•fTB. Mat6umoto & Co., box 125, Alvarado. Cal.
LOST -AND FOUND.
LOST— The following passbooks with the Hl-
bernia Savings and Loan Society. In the
! r.ames of : Frances Ticrney. No. 266-3 SI: Ida
, C. Tierney, No. 21 0-402: EJlen Tierney. No.
22t>-370; Thomas Tierney. No. 298-CCS; Bridget
1 Curran. No. 259-6*Ki; Ellen Curran, No. 290-
2*3: James or Ellen Tierney. No. 131-728.
The finder will please return to bank.
A TIE and pin were taken from the . iJSdy of
E. E. Brown, who ftll at Geary st. v and
Grant aye. about 5:20 p. m., October 16. Will
the party having same return to D. W. Car-
michael Co., 232 Montgomery »t., and re-
ceive $5 for their trouble? .
LOST — Ladies' patent leather purse, Sunday,
October ' 15, on V. C grounds, betwen 5 and
i". t. m. \u25a0 contained diamond ring and $15. Re-
turn 10 1215 Eighth St., Oakland; liberal re-
ward. "
I LOST — Monday. Oct. 16. down town on Post.
i Koarny or Market,- or at Ferry, necklace
! pink coral beads, double string. Return to
E. T. Z.. 115 Crocker bldg. Reward.
LOST — A pa?« book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
nfcJße or MARGARET, UCRNd. Ko. 21S-62!».
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — On ferry-boat Piet|mont. bla^k bag
containing money, glasses; liberal reward.
Please deliver, to 36 Geary ... st.^ , room 39.
LOST — Open-face watch with name inside; Tif-
fany make; also fob. Return to room 7, 21
Powell Kt. : suitable reward.
LOST— GoId watch: workn No. • 63C5183: satin
finlEh with ribbon attached. Liberal re-
warJ If returned to 11S5 Shotwell st.
LOST — October 14. between Guerrero and Stan*
van st«.. gold wstch. in brown purse, name
LlHie Inside: reward. 781 Suvenson st.
LOST — A diamond *unburst, on Haight-st. car
or at Dark: kindly return; liberal reward.
Residence. 2000 Mason st. . •
LOST — Part water spaniel bitch; long ears,-
. white breast;' nursing; liberal reward. 4063
-Twenty-fourth it. ..
LOST — Lady's diamond ftnd ruby set gold lock-
et: initials "A. -N.-G." on back; $5 reward
%t room 67, 218 Stockton et. . . i
LOST— Lady's gold diamond set watch: mono-
gram S. S.;-ift>eral reward. 1335 Mason st. "
FOUND— An anchor: owner can have same.
1111 Fountain gt.. Alameda. ;
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C A McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
•tl, for pleasure and business; tel.. Bu?b 53*. ' I
"" MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A~NUMBER~OF UPRIGHT BARGAINS^
English upright, for practice. : $55.
French upright, a little better, $«5.
Also a 'Chlckerlngy Vos«. Sterling. Curtaz.
Smith 4 Barnes. Mozart. Neuman, from $145. .
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
OUR 'large and increasing, renting business en-
ables us to rent the best planes in the city for
$2 50 and $3 per month, some ' at $2; one .
yc-ar's rental allowed ifiplano is purchased. ]
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560-64 Hayes.
A NEW.' piano tot rent' at $3 per;- mo. ; other*
at $2 and $2 50: one year's rent allowed If -
purchased. , SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. -
600 Hayes st. '\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0;-"- :
AN ' eleirant upright piano, good as new, : will -
be sold to-day at a sacrifice. : Call from 8:30 4
a. m. t0.9-p.-m.. 584 Valencia st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL. AVEDNESDAY^OapHER -18 ? 1905,
- FINE upright piano;- reasonable; must cell.
1 Call bet. 11 a. m. and 3 p. m., 3777 23d. St.
HORXUNO, 21tl McAllister St., 'manufacturer
Hornung Bros.' pianos; agt. Laffarjjue piano.
ELEGANT uprighu. new, id-hand, $40-?500.
PIERCES Piano Factory, Market and; 14th.
• CHICKERING uprlgrht, $165. 237 Geary st.
ALMOST given away; unredeemed . storage pi-
anos, furn. White head's storage, 1636 Mrkt.
j SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilianpiano
- player. BYUON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW, upright pianos cold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMIT2 A CO.. 16 McAllister st.
'. 3-PEDAL Stelnway up;-Chlckerlng baby grand.
Shoninger little used. Keeffe's. 255 O'Farrell.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— LadIea, all who are
6ick or in trouble, consult this specialist on
1* mals complaints; positively j corrected ; the
i unfortunate helped; the moot difficult cast*
t treated; every case taken; Immediate relief;
; no poisoning drug*; low fees; my metfiods
1 will cure all cases of Irregularity; consult
me; save time and money; advice free. Offlce
• 1018 Market St. ; hours 0 a. m. till 9 p. m.
. MRS. DR. WYETH, «peciall»t for -all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed ; 80 years' experience. 844 Post st.
' MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Inetant. re-
lief guaranteed. Offlce hours 9 to 5, Sunday
10 to 2. 1002H Market St.. opposite Fifth.
' WOMEN'S diseases and Irregularities cured In
24 hours; 19 years' experience without a fail-
ure; no trifling; strictly private; elite patron-
'\u25a0 age only. Dr. Sylvester's offlce, 1206 Market.
- DRS. GOODWINS' herb treatment; reliable.
> safe, prompt for female irregularities;, rellet
or no fee; $10; hra. 9-8. 850 Mkt. St., suite U7.
' DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— orflce and residence-
1021H Market st., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
A— MRS. DR. GWYER, -Oil A Leavenworth St.,
bet. Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East C 97.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and Hindoo Herbs:
[ original method of treatment. 112 C Market.
DR. ROSEN*, residence 2905 Folsom St., corner
i Twenty-sixth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
1 DR. HOWARD, ladies' specialist— Relief or no
• fee: $10; hours. 9 to 9. 906 Market st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
; Offlce and Salesroom, 130 Beale st.
Works and. Yards. Ninth and Bryant sts.
We have a brnnd hew lot of pipe complete,
ready for Immediate delivery. •
%-inch pipe $3 25 per hundred feet (new)
%,-inch pipe ¥3 95 per hundred, feet (new)
1-inch pipe $5 70 per hundred feet (now)
! I"4-inch pijie $7 CO per hundred feet (new) ,
i 1%-inch pipe.. ..$8 90 per hundred Xeet (new) >
' 2-inch pipe... $11 95 per hundred feet (new)
24-in. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use. loc
3-ln. screw pipe <2d hd); ready for UBe.l2i&c |
3V4-ln. screw pipe (2d hd); ready foruse.lSc
4-in. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for, use. 19c "
Send by oheck, money order or coin by W.K.
Express Co. with order.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO.,
Offlce 130 Beale st. -
. Reference — Any bank, banker or publication.
2d-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought.- sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MACHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont st.
FOR sale^ — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fix- i
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. «52 Mission St., S. F.
A — BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW,. 33« Main st.
20-H. P. 2D-HAND gasoline engine, pumps and
pumping machinery. Howlett Machine
Works.. 25C Fremont st.
30-H.P. traction engine tuaniel, best, make),
v used few times. JOHNSON & HORAN. t>o2
Third st. .
SECOND-HAND gas ranges and heaters bought
& sold; gag and coal ranges, heaters, etc., dis-
connected, connected and repaired. - 522 Post.
MACHINERY, boilers and engines bought,
EOld and exchanged; power plants in their
entirety bopght. Western Mhy. Co.. 230 Main.
14-K gold fountain pens. 50c; Sheffield hollow.
ground razors, 50c: selling out our cutlery- &
stationery dept. SUNSET BAZAAR. 42 3d st.
A— GENTS' full dress suits to rent. -J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton et., -second r floor.
FRESH, young. Jersey cow; must be cold;
owner leaving city. 1023 Silver 1 aye.
200 POUNDS good tea at 19c per pound. Box
4P23. Call office. , -
PONY planer, shaper. planer and matcher,
tennonlng and morticing machines. CO2 3d.
BFAUTIFUL* gent's diamond ring, 2 carats,
$100. PAUL V. GARIN. 114 riutttr M,.
MAGNIFICENT pearl and \u25a0liam-iml clutter
ring $100. PAUL V. GARIN lit Suttjr ft.
ENGINE lathe. 19-foot bed. 34-inch swing. 602
Third- st. .' >, . \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 **.
DUCK club membership for sale; Sulsun
j^m.-.rgheii. Box 5000. Call offlce. -.-
DESKS and office furniture bought, sold and
exchanged. T. D. MCCARTHY. 807 Mission.
E. C HUGHES— Printer. 611 Sansome st..
San Francieco. v r .!\u25a0• --T.* . .
SOLID silver tea eet. 5 pieces, at a bargain. 10
Sixth st. _^
LARGE show tent in good condition.. "V. A.
PLUMMER, 111 Clay st.
MILES of pipe and fittings, all sizes, cheap.
EUGENE RILEY & SONS, 103 Vallejo at.
TWO merry-go-rounds: one miniature railway.
BACIGALUPI. SOS Kearny et. .
HIGH grade second-hand offlce safe and wagon
tcale. FARCELLS SAFE CO.. 21C California.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MA.VN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, ir.agli lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.,
AAAAA — Highest 'prices for ladles' gents' ea«-
eff clothing. Tel. Davis 825. «5O Sacramento.
WE pay cash ladles' and gents' clothing. Tll-
ton'« Misfit Parlors. 154 9th: tel. Howard 11S7
BUYS any amount of castoff clothing, etc. \u25a0
MRS. MORRIS. 934 FoUom; phone Jessie 446.
DIAMONDS, etc.. bought for ca»h. Karl Eber
& Co.. 4PO-4PI Adama bidg.'. 20H Kearny gt.
££ „__„ J« O.XE V TO XOAST.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ~ i .
«01-602-603 Examiner Buildine.
Quick settlements; no disappolntmenta.
Save expenses by \u25a0 dealing directly..- •
Estates, sccund mortgageii, undivided Inter-
«-Hi». assignments of rents, property in trust,
ttc: legacleG, HTe estates and undivided • in-
terests in property purchased. : '- :..
\u25a0 Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When you need money \u25a0?.
See HERMAN MURPHY. ;
ANY salaried employe or . wage earner can
GET JUST ON HIS NOTE:
Mo. . Seml-Mo. .Week.
$50 — Return to us $13 35 t>r $U 65 or $3 35
30— Return to us 8 00 or 4 00 or 2 00
20 — Return to u5...... 3 :J5 or 2 (J5 or 135
15 — Kcturn to us 4 00 cr \u25a0 2 00' or. 1 00
Or any other sum and pay back In 'proportion.
STAR LOAN 'CO.- of. Wyoming,
Room 311, Mutual Savings Bank building.
WILL LOAN "- '\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 :-
reascnabld amount on
let. 2d or?3d
Mortgagee on real estate t.
* In city, town or country. "
low rate of Interest. .../;
Give full particulars • :
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND ' TRUST -CO..
21 Stockton st., near Market. ; "a \u25a0
pffWßgaßpgg*<^gi T5T 5- 2d floor. \u25a0
Loans made to 6alarl«?d" people -.without 'any
riublioity «or other Inconvenience on I their
notes. Loans on. real 'estate in probate; life
Insurance policies, estates,- second \u25a0 mort-
gages. afcslenments of ; rents, etc. - r \u25a0" - -.:'-'
SALARY LOANS— • \u25a0 --',/"
. Money loaned salaried people without secur-
1 Ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer, or :
' any one:"' confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms..: Drake. 453 Parrott -bldg.-
HIGHLY respectable: private; place (to, obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry," at 1
per cent interest. . Baldwin : Jewelry Store.-
878 Market St., tel.* Main IM4. ""'. Branch 1192
Market ft. and 27 Third at.. • r - ":\u25a0
ANY amount i quickly ' on ' furniture \u25a0or piano
, without removal or -.others security;' lowest
rates; no ' commission ; :;confldentlaL' - 606-7;
. Donohoe bldg.. ft Taylor.' st..'; corner. Market.
MONEY loaned; to ealaried people,- retaH:mer-,
chants. : teamsters, ., boarding-houses; A without,
security; <asy payments; " large business In 40:
principal cltleg.^ TOLMAN^ 553 Parrott biig.
A— Lowest rate* en real . estate. l l*t or. 2d mort-.
gages, life Insurance, or on any, security;-, any.
.amount. 0.-W. BECKERS 30 Geary, : room 3«. s
ANY- amount, . real 2 estate :- ar * other 4 iecurity ;
$100 up.;W. J. .WHITE. 2U Montgomery.' r. S-t
\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 - \u25a0\u25a0-.. \u25a0-. ..« \u25a0 -\u0084,,, \u25a0\u25a0 .- ..-:\u25a0 - \u25a0' .
MCVVEY TO L.OAjr~Contlniied.
. ORIGINAL -Uncle Bill— lf you look for lowest
\u25a0 -rate of interest' and square deal. Old. Flood
bldg.. 80a Market, cor. 4th, suite 1, est.'lBCS.
MONEY, MONEY. MONEY. -
• "Any proposition. 4i) 2d.st., Wells-Farpo Ex-
press bios'. \u25a0 Wage-Earners' Invt. & Loan Co.
• ALVA Co. (The) loans money to "salaried people .
without security: good, terms and- easy nay-.
*• ments: also on other security. 507 Flood bldg.;
MONEY to loan at a low rateof Interest; gold.
: • silver, diamonds, pearls and precious stones
• : bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S.- 10 Sixth st.
SALARIED people wiihout security; 'also, on
• '" furn. estates In probate, life Ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan & Invest. Co.. 612 Parrott bldg.
• DON'T borrow money on salary ' until you 1 see
us. Hulton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bajik bldg.
• ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at a per cent
mo. 8: F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
McGARVIE <fc C 0..720 Market St.. loans money,
1 Cs.tr. 80 per cent of valuation of property. ;.
. CASH loaned salaried people on' notes without
1 lndorser. . MORRELL. eOO/gxamlner j bidg. ; '
' A WEEK'S news for S cenU— The Weekly Call
' 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
1 \u25a0;'. museums, i'-'-r' .. : :~~
1 DR. LIK'BIG STAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
; moved to 1023 Market at., near Sixth.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
• MISSION. 507, corner First— 2 \ floors suitable
fi/r light manufacturing; will arrange to wilt
tenant. AppIy 'BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25
Post st. - ' '
FOR rent — Elugant ortlce suits on second floor;'
corntr Montgomery and Sutter sts. ; 7 large
windows. Apply room fl, 40 Montgomery, »t.
FOR rent— -Elegant office suits: on first-floor;
. corner Montgomery and Sutter st». ; 7 large
windows. Apply room 6, 40 Montgomery, st.
LARGE «tora with big basement, Clay st.;
. above- Montgomery. Owner. C 36 Clay. 'r. - I. '
PERSOXALS. \u25a0"
• "'• • "HEXKADIO'S PKQOFS." • •
"WONDEKFUL TESi'IMONif:. 1 of Mr. C. En.
gleke : of the Cai. ' uKMOi-CRAT, late owtui
and editor of Cal. JOUKNAL, a man ror 4u i
years universally known and respected In
B=. F.: "My RHEUMATISM, which off and
- ion I had 20 years, at times BEDRIDDEN lor
days and VV'EKKS. was completely CURED
74 days ago and stih STAYS: cured. Last
week 1 SAW and now positively VOUCH tor
the following: MY DAUGHTER'S large
GOITRE nearly all disappeared by ONE
treatment. Mr. Ellwood (1114 Howard) bad
. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA. which prevented
RAISING foot or leg, arm DEAD and IM-
MOVABLE, by ONE treatment MOVED arm,
RAISED leg to table top and LEAPED
oJten. NOTED CITY PHYSICIANS- deal
ear heard distant WHISPERING by one
treatment. Another DEAF ear. heard
WHISPKR at 20 leet alter I had touched it
ONE MOMENT with a handkerchief which
Rexradio had CHARGED with his. h'd
RADIUM power, though he never personally
came Into contact with the patient, who
stood 20 feet from him. PROMINENT PRO-
FESSIONAL man badly PARALYZED, could
" not RISE from a chair without two persons
- LIFTING him up. also cou:a not- raise tool
trom floor, instantly ROSE irom chair UN-
AIDED and LIFTED foot from Iloor. DEAF
MUTE instantly HEARD and SPOKE many
words that were WHISPERED to her (on*
treatment). I'ARALYTIC'B LEGS, very
feeble, instantly LEAPED over a CHAIR
laid, on it* side on \u25a0 floor. Practically-
D-U-M-B man instantly SPoKE Intelligibly.
The written and signed TESTIMONY of all
these grateful patients was also signed by
the following EYE-WITNESSES and I will
give you all their ADDRESSES: Dr. C.
Henry. O. Ellis. C. Willitts. M. Henry, M.
Roberts. Cha»: Henry. A. Stanley. S. Don-
aldson, -L.' Grant B. Cerf end others, all
citizens .of position and character, whom
you can \u25a0 INTERVIEW. The DE.VIAL of
any- who have NOT taken the trouble to
WITNESS these marvels is wind and value-
less. Above patients and'- several witnesses
can be SEEN dally at Rexradio's offices ,2
to 6 p. m.. 509 KEARNY St. WRITE 'or
CALL on me, evenings, 221 Stelner st. - C.
EXGLEKE." CUT THIS OUT. ;
"REXRADIO'S" offlce " hours, 2 to 0. Con-
sultation free. CUT THIS OUT FOR SICK
FRIENDS." CALL for 'CIRCULAR. A
FREE SAMPLE -of the H'D RADIUM
POWER plven to. ALL VISITORS.
. W-A-T-C-H this column. 509 Kearny st. '-
WlLL'the lady, and' gejitleman who gave their
handkerchiefs to the" lady ; who was hurt In
the Sutter-st. car - last- Wednesday ' evening
about 10 o'clock kindly- call at 1904) Laguna
street. ." " ' " v • - rs.. ' 3; ,;--._
TRIAL treatment free; charges reasonable; ner-
vous & stomach troubles, kidney and .bladder
ailment? & rheumatism.^ cured by electricity;
lady patients, only: hours 10 a.m^to 3 p.m.
Mrs. Burtzer. 210 Powell, r. 22: take elevator.
MRS. ALICE SHAW, the world renowned
whistler, wlll.be at Hotel Rex for the follow-
ing week and will be pleased to meet any ol
her old duplls. -:\u25a0' - r ~ ,'' :
DR. MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer; he will
challenge the; world to produce i Its' equal;
shipped to all parts of world. 352 O'Farrell.
$1 and $2 50 size bottles; take no substitute
H. MIZUHARA. Japanese artlet. has removed
- hl» art' repairing shop from 424 Powell st. to
504 Powell st.. near Sutter.' , •
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES- LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st. /
STAR hair remedy, tonic; restores, color, cures
dandruff, stops falling; druggißta, hair dress-
ers. Star Remedy Co., 821. Polk st.
ANY one. knowing whereabouts of Joseph Eng-
land please notify his mother. 443, Eddy st.
OLD picture frames refinlshed like new: reason-
able. California. Decorating. Co.,' 206 sth st.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO., the tailor. 72ft Market st.
MISS UNDERWOOD, electric needle epecial-
lut. 814 Sutter st.- Phone East 8646.
8 BRAND new tailor-made men's suits, cost
$25 for $9 75. 440 Bush, nr. Callforn'.a Hctel.
$1 A WEEK; suits \o order $15 up. "-•'LEMOS,
1127 Market Bt., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, ' play books, wigs*
country orders. GOLDSTEIN ft CO.. 733 Mkt.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertleements , and 1 subscriptions has
been opened, at 1008- Market \u25a0 st., opposite
Fifth. , Open until lit p.m . - - .
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor^
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years 'at 115-117. Mason st., now lo-
cited at 687 Geary st., near Leavenworth. '
WONG WOO, the famous herbdoctoi' — All dis-'
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 740-8 Clay st.
/ PAINTING AND "PAPERHANG I NO.
ROOMS papered, $3 50 up; 175,000 rolls wallpa-
- per. 5c .up/ Hartmann- Paint Co., 319 Third;
PATENTS.... " : '
INVENTIONS patented; 5S S. and foreign •
ratent law. F. :P. MEDINA. 532 Market st.
- SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby f given that , the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 620 Lake ' st., \u25a0 San ':\u25a0 Francisco, >
has received th<3. following orphan and , half-i
orphan girla. 'from July I. to i October 1, li»osi.
- Beulah Drew .Vance,- 5 years; Agnes E. Sul-
livan.: 11 - years ;-< Rose . May .Gulcn, 5 years;
\u25a0 Cande.ee M. AVilson. 11 yenrs; Julia -C. Cook
..6 years : \u25a0 Violet -.'• Murch; ' 10 7 years : ; Maud
Murch. 9. years;: Gertrude Lucas, 11 . years:
Margaret Crotty. B, years.;' . z. i \u25a0\u25a0
STORAGE r AND WAREHOUSES. .
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture,
household goods stored, moved," shipped. : 725--
\u25a0 731 Howard St.,'- nr. .'.Third ; phone Grant 16U J .
UNION Squaro" Tranefer and Storage I C 0.,- fiO4"
.*>, ,- Van •'.' Nets ;\u25a0, aye.> Phone . \u25a0\u25a0 JCast ' 448. \ Storagi-,
;>', moving, ' l packing; , cut rates^ on \u25a0 freight. \u25a0„ " :; » :
CONKLIN'S : storage: "furniture 'and; merchan-
'.dlse.': Golden Gate and Larkin; phone East 12G.\
PIERCE-RODOLPH ' ; Storage "and '" Moving Co."
Main offlce Eddy and; Flllmore: tel. -West 82.V
BEKINS Van! and Storage C0., "-:lt*MohtKOmery
.:• st. ;. tel. t Main 1840. v Shipping at cut i-atea.V-.v-
SEAVING? MACHINES i; AND •; SUPPLII JB."
DOMESTIC— The .machine .for} family .me; b'«t
\u25a0-\u25a0_' is « cheapest : j fcecond-hand ? all '>\u25a0 makes " at ' any
- price: ' %|1 \u25a0 kinds : rented • lowest ; rates.^ Domes- '
X tic i offlce,™ 1021 ,; Market . St.. 3 near; Sixth. • '. • '\u25a0\u25a0; - :
ALL kinds i- second-hand. $3. -t $.V : $8 : , slightly
v used/ $10, V $15. ; $20. * You ; know, where - dulls
awing in , the window. .- 1051 ' Market \u25a0 8t. .; -...j<^-
' TYPEWRITERS ;;AND:y SUPPLIES. ;
AN exceptionally good No. i 2 ( Remington,: No.'-' 1 '
;> - Smith -• Premier, - $25 : .. other * typewriters ?" at '
.*\u25a0\u25a0 higher ;and lower, prices:! rentals, .s2 50.-T The
. Ji Typewriter Exchange.* 538 California' st." ASKAS&
;iv?,:"-XV:;'"j legal'; woTicKsr^;;:"' \u25a0:\u25a0:. \u25a0,[
NOTICE : is : hereby.: given' that \u25a0\u25a0 I- Intend* to ap-".
s'-plyto the State. Board, of Prison Directors to"
';:. be •: paroled ;; from "? the - State ,-- Prison ;' at :\u25a0 Ban •
\u25a0;Qin>ntin.'accordlnßi to'law.:., .:• ...ir, J .;...•,;-•
• (Signed)^ "r MICHEL VsSCOLAMIERO. if.
\u0084..--> .-\u25a0-.'. ,v*-- -.r. \u25a0:\u25a0 r \u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0\u0084.\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0» \u25a0\u25a0'<,'\u25a0;**\u25a0-, /--\u25a0%-\u25a0: t \u25a0-..-.> - \u25a0\u25a0•>• i
< REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE. ;
\ 7. "A ' T ' -* A ,U . C . T- 1 O . N.\ j \u25a0
ENTIRE BLOCK -. \
x •"•\u25a0'\u25a0 50 BEAUTIFUL
RESIDENCE .
• . . LOTS. \u25a0
1-6 eA6H. BALANCE IN 1.2, 3 & 4 YEARS.
; : "~j-V,! -V-"tht h v rs d a jr \u25a0".-
OCTOBER 19. 1005,- \'
AT 11C MONTGOMERY ST.
will -positively' sell, at public auction as
above * stated ..tht entire block. : containing 60
lots, fronting on \u25a0•;•
•FIFTH AVENUE.
W&sgffi*ssmM sixth avenue,
I STREET. . . - '
J STREET.. '
'.Every lot on grade of street; street bltumln-
fzed. graded,- sewered, gas .and water, piped,
stone walks, -etc. ;. no further expense;
t Look at this property. , at once: beautiful
views; only, one block from: the world-famous
Golden Gate Park, and near all. the principal
attract ion* of the -Park; two lines . of - electric
cars: close -r to -Affiliated Colleges and to the
site \u25a0-: recently purchased for-, the . Polytechnic
High School, . upon which will shortly be spent
J350.000. - > . - .•-.;\u25a0.-'-":
No other resident section growing so fast;
23 new buildings in a ahort \u25a0 radius and every
one of them- of a superior character. J -
V No. land Is a sa,fer- investment; in 'all cities
proximity to the Park calls for the best prices;
this will be no exception. .
.- The Western Addition Is now built right up
to thl»; block;. Its "future is assured; see It at
once and.be on hand at this great credit auc-
tion sale. - Take Ellls-st. Park cars and Ocean
\u25a0 line cars direct to Cth aye.. or Hftlght at., and
transfer at the Park. \u25a0 - \u25a0 v \u25a0'.\u25a0-.
LYON & HOAG.
,116 Montgomery st.^
SOL/3ETZ & SON. REAL ESTATE OWNERS.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK & OCEAN-
. . . ' SIDE LOTS!
Profit by our 'judicious purchases.
; We select- our properties In best locations.
•All Make Money that buy from us.
$650 to $1250 — Graded lots In Oceanside ready
to buifi on; near Park, Ocean & Cars; unob-
structed '\u25a0 view of Ocean & Park. Easy terms.
- $250 to $1600 — Lots along Ocean Shore R. R.
Route; also * fronting 'Ocean.' Boulevard: buy
from owners: best" values; easiest terms!
$500 to $800 — Richmond Heights Iota; choic-
est home- sites ever offered at lowest prices.
. Superb vl«w"of Park. Ocean .&; Spreckels
Lake from every lot. \u25a0 Choicest locations. Cor-
ner Point Lobos & .14th "Aye. Lots in graded
block cannot be . beaten.
- See Them To-day. :
Oceandde Branch Offlce, Corner "H" St. &
J7th Aye. \u25a0 •
ODen Daily and Sundays. \u25a0
$150 to $400 — Excelsior Homestead & Ocean
View lots. -only $5 /monthly. /
Jl5OO to $3500— Modern cottages; splendid lo-
cations in Sunset, Richmond. Oceanslde & Ex-
celsior Homestead... , •
Easy Terms. <\u25a0 "
SOL GETZ &SON, OWNERS & DEALERS.
Room 54. Fourth Floor. . Chronicle Bldg.
MARINE VIEW. PARK LOTS
$300 each. Easy payments. -No taxes. No
-^ . interest.- 1
7 Adjacent to Improvements Costing Millions.
Two Electric Roads Will Be Running Inside
v. . of One Year.
Asolutely Cheapest Unimproved Lots Offered
In Golden Gate Park District.
Lots Will Double In Value In a Few Months.
E. J. HOOPER. 23 Montgomery gt.
SELLING
: TO BEAT THE BAND.
.\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0". • ONLY $1 25 A WEEK.
•$275— Elegant level building lots, close to
school ; fine car service on Mission St.; cream of
the. Excelsior Homestead; stop paying rent and
raise the baby, where tho . ozone Is not polluted
"with smoke and. dust, to say nothing of the
deadly microbe; no . interest and no taxes
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS.
- ONLY $10 A MONTH.
$400 — For finely located \u25a0 lots 3 blocks south
of the park; electric car *ervice unexcelled;
enhancing In value with every \u25a0 stroke rtf the
clock; buy now; next .week may be too late;
"Nat Goodwin" Is not the only man that ap-
preciates this beautiful section: no taxes.
W.J. WHITE COMPANY,
20* Montgomery 'st.,' room 8. '
BEAUTIFUL suburban homes 'ln' the heart
of San Francisco on the- one sunny street
In the Western Addition.; JORDAN AVE-
NUE..BO feet wide V from California st. to
Geary. St.: large lots: seven feet guaranteed
between all houses; first-class two-story resi-
dences; lowest cash prices; easy terms if
desired. "; SAN FRANCISCO : AND SUBUR-
BAN. HOME BUILDING-SOCIETY,. 70S
Market st.- .""'';-. . \u0084' ' \u25a0 -".\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Icstallment homes. 713 Ja s. Flood building.
• We build on your oroiwrty or buy you a
lot: you make a -small cash payment, then
$8 per month pays principal and "Interest on
each $10C0 of balance r due, maklnz your
monthly Installments le9s than rent: call or
- send for ' circular. •" " \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0-"'\u25a0"' "V."
NEW,- modern t*-room houses ;" every con venl-
"ence; 835-847 Castro St.: cars pass door: easy
7 " terms, .same as rent. MOISE. owner, 417
Market st. •. . " ' :
DOX'T build before investigating Marshall &
Stearns',' patent fixtures- for apartments and
\u25a0y cottage?. -Aronson building. ' S4 Third st. . .
SCOCO — BARGAIN: residence. 0 handsome rms.. ;
bath: solidly built: sun every room; nr Pan-
handle; $2500, cash needed. . P. O. box 2296.
$6*oo— BARGAlN" ::":{' flats; just completed, j 140
i Tremont aye., near Frederick st.
NICE house and 2 lots, "close" to, cars, on San
Bruno road.' 37 Wh^atot. -."\u25a0•';:
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Salt.
W.J. WHITE COMPANY. ,
Successors to
.-.-. WHITE \u25a0?& BAYLEY.
$750 down, balance 14 .' years, monthly pay-
ments; 58 acres, 3 miles Capltola; 20 acres high
state cultivation;' 4 acres "full bearing apples,
pears, ' grapes; 15 \u25a0 acres lin potatoes, ( corn and
.beans; abundant- water: piped "to buildings; 5
acres hay land; balance timbered pasture; X-
room. hard-flniahed: house, not an 1 cold water;
barn,"' s poultry. houses.- o,outhouses;, outhouses; energetic
couple can' cU-ar $1600 a year easy; $3200.>' .:•:"-,
! $1000 tlown,; any terms; 41 acres; one mile of
town,' 6o miles city; : veg«?taole loam;. 2S acr*s
full bearing prunes and apricots; 10 acres corn
and potato . land; 6-room . house: >. 2 barns; fine
poultry and brooder houses, with .wire netting
yards;. "several .large -Incubators; , 1200 young
hens: fine > income;- $5000. : - '• •;.,..,. ' .
I. $1000 — 40 acres level valley land,-, one mile
of Orland; tine orchard,' vines, sherries;- modern
7-room house; nice yard- and ; shade trees; 2
good >v barns;' windmill; -poultry - houses; .well
fenced: $2600.. . ; "'\u25a0 ".':..
i ,;'. $2000 — 12 ' acres . level loam ; .' 4 acres orchard ;
one mile town, CO mlles'clty: cottage. B rooms;
new barn and wagon shed; 15 tons hay; wagon,
buegy, harness, horse, tools. ' •."\u25a0\u25a0• \u25a0"•: -.: ,
-. iioOO-^-Acrc; land,' good ; town, saloon, . larjje
stock llquons, good fixtures; -public hall; black-
smith shop \u25a0 and tools; ;\u25a0 poultry - and ' brooder
houses;- windmill and' tanx; good 5-room cot-"
tage.v--;'-.'; < > \u0084."-,\u25a0\u25a0 ..1..".*:-;------ ,'-^j ". -::*r -,'\u25a0.\u25a0-.
7 .$2500 — -10 acres.'. close: to" Sebastopol,. on elec--
trie \u25a0- road ; - cory cottage, : 4 » rooms s and \u25a0 bath;
tarn; poultry and brooder nouses; fruit. -gra pea
and j berries ; .' horse. " wagon and i tools ; - $1700
down, v ;. ii.- '.:\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0 \u0084""-''-.->/\u25a0'' \u25a0,•:*;' -.'r.-j-.- ,-"?'-\ i
-; $2.'l.')o— •">(> c aci-en .rich soil , at. Yountville:. v 8
acres* orchard, -.1; acres^. vineyard, -all bearing:
cottage,^ s»roomJ'i;;b«rn. :: poultry,; and "-brooder,
bouses, \u25a0 2 'incubators: wagon,, buggy, horse, ? 4
cows. -7CO- chickens. 1 -. •;--,<:- -\u0084 .. •
•$2CO0 — D l^,; acres full bearing -apricots and
prunes, ' near San Jose; cozy 4-room cottage:
bnrn, windmill i and; tank: poultry houses; half
cash. '\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 ."»;>• ;.•"-: -.-. I :.-.. . v. \u25a0-..- - •'\u25a0\u25a0-:
i,j $575 * down— 7 r acres * sandy, loam, < on ' electric
: road.v.near.: Eanta-Rosa ; gooi dwelling, barn,
poultry house*; ' grapes ; and rberrles ; , $1400. :• •-. \u25a0/\u25a0,
±s ssOou— -25 . airree \u25a0 sandy, loam, \u25a0 2' miles* of: Hay-
> ward; 2 .acres vineyard, 2 acres orchard," mostly .
'\u25a0\u25a0 apricots ; *. roodn-n --j residence, f .: 10 j rooms," gas/
bath;. large stable,, windmill sand tank:' poultry
houses ; water i piped I over " place ; \u25a0; lovely ; view ;
easy, terms. vlWes have "many .choice- homes to
snow '! you. ln- this i locality. h \u25a0 ' ".•;.\u25a0•':. -.:
** $18,500-^GeneralUfarm ;and .dairy, in. Marln
County ; ; mile of | station ' and I creamery ; modern
residence, 1 - SV rooms »> and ibath; ; 3-room C cottage
for hlred.help; 2 large I , barney milkhouse; water
piped fto • i building*: » family s orchard; ;. fine soil
for hay.'; grain or. .potatoes.*- -. ,- :';'\u25a0 -, r > f< ., .r;_ .\u25a0;
v,We ! are making ; a' specialty , of , 5 and 10 acr«*
homos son I the \ electric f roaa , between Petaluma
and j Seb.nstopol.'Awith "or ? without buildings, on
I a- very . small z payment ; down f and balance •; long
: term at. 5: per? cent -interest. ** Se<i* them to-day: '<
r.Send \u25a0 stamp • for." large "printed ;iist. '
; V \u25a0•• -2<V: Montgomery.. st,",' room- S.
.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0", Property, Eschangea Specialty.
FOR . sale-r-Two choice , lots . tn ,' Point ". Richmond ; ;
?i,cheap.'4Box 4604,^ Call : of flee.H — - >.<;?,>?*
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Salf.
AAA- "OTiR PRICES" on ranches are • lower
. than : any where else. becaufe. : we do not add
huge commissions .on* to the- owner's prlc»;
we only handle places we. "know", to be good:
we "never" mlsreprest-nt a place; see us and
1 save 20 p-»r cent; -Santa cruz County land a
specialty. " BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Mont-
' gomery gt., San Francisco. Cal. .
ALFALFA irrigated .lands. ; $25 per acre; $1
down, $1 month: no interest: call or write
for pamphlets. INDEX LAND AND BOND
CO.. 907 Kohl bid., cor, cal.'. and Monty sts.
A ; MONTHLY catalogue country land bargains
sent free. C. M. AVOOSTER CO.. friS Market.
Poultry ranches. Write tij^f. W. Horn Co.. Pet-
aluma, for free copy of Sonoma Co. bargains.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
~ *OyER 200 LOT^aOLD.V
At beautiful Mill Valley one has all the con-«»
venlences of . the city, combined with ] the
charms of the country; go there to-day:* you
will enjoy the outing and see the grand lots
right at the station that we are offering;
beautiful redwood trees. '
Sewers and "water mains laid; large lots,
from $300 to $650; 10 per cent cash. - balance
$10 -monthly. Agent on the tract Sundays.
BUR LINGAME I REAL ESTATE.
GOINO FAST. *
GOING FAST.
Get . in before the best are gone: nothing to
compare with our lots in Burllngame; lots.. 50
feet. $450 upward: macadam streets, sewer and
water. • \u25a0'\u25a0. \u0084
;:•,; :•, LYON & HOAG. "118 Montgomery »t.
PIEDMONT REAL ESTATE.
. - A -BARGAIN FOR YOU!
One of. the "most desirable ' residence lots in
the Alta Piedmont Tract will be told at con-
siderably less than adjoining lots can be bought
on account of owner, leaving the State; 50-foot
frontage on Pala aye., SO-foot street in rear;
unbroken view of the ba^; street wofk. sewera
and sidewalk complete; apply at once; WM.
M. BUTTERS JR.. \u25a0 4CS Eleventh st.. Oakland.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANT to buy ranch with house and some
fruit: don't care how far out: pay $300 down.
JONES. Milton House. 150 Third st.
;AL!AMEDA ADVERT ?^M ? TS
___ALAMEDA REAL
SEE THE BEAUTIFUL NEW HOMES WE
HAVE FOR SALE.
CHOICE LOCATIONS AND ON EASY
TERMS.
$1700— 5-room cottage; lot 50x125. .
$22.".O — New 5-room cottage; bungalow style.
?250C — Elegant 5-room ccttage; Just completed.
$2750— 6-room cottage; high basement; large lot.
$3250— 6-room ccttage; lot 50x106; a bargain.
Houses and Lots at All Prices.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
141S Park St., Alameda.
PHONE ALAMEDA 490.
COLONIAL residence for sale; owners coins
East; bargain. Information at 1417 A Post st.
BERKELEY ADVERT ? S>NTS
" BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN — 7-room houn», almost new; bath,
pantry, city water, gas, chicken-house; lot
50x135; street work and cement walks done;
2 blocks to . school. ' church, stores, electric
cars. Key rqqte station; price $2500; terms
$300 cash, balance same as rent. Open Sun-
I»rln Station, South Berkeley.
BARGAIN — New 5-room cottage; porcelain
bath, fold!nff doors, mantel, china closet,
combination fixtures, gas and electric lights,
large lot, fenced: street «york and cement
walks done: 2 blocks to hlsrh school; close
to Key route station; price $1850; terms $150
cash, balance $20 monthly. Open Sundays.
- . O. A. RUDOLPH, \u25a0--'*\u25a0>
; Lorln Station. South Berkeley.
IS IT A BARGAIN?
Get Out Your Pencil ana Figure With Me.
THE LAND — I lots with 2 corners; facing
3 good streets: is 75x2C0xS5: worth eas>J $40CO.
j THE IMPROVEMENTS— A 2-9 tory, 10-room,
well planned, centrally located borne; worth
easy $25C0. . \
I am asking $5500 for this. Better investi-
gate now. :.".-., - -
' , -A. HOWARD HERRMANN.
Thojßealty Broker. Opp. Berkeley Station.
A SNAP.
$17.*0 — Six large rooms and bath: large base-
ment, all cemented: corner at 50x100: 1
block east of Telegraph aye.
•«2'oO — Seven large rooms, bath, basement; all
modern: large barn, chicken houses, wind-
mill and tank: lot .'0x135; street work all
done: only 3 blocks to both trains.
W. C. MORAN & CO.. South Berkeley.
FOR " Fale >r, exchange — Nearly an acre: of-
ground. 1 1-room house. - 2-story barn; near
the hills: worth ?:2.00O; will sell on easy
t terms.. $1000 cash: will exchange for email
property In Berkeley or San Francisco; will
take nicely located mountain ranch In trade.
H. V. J| . SWAIN, attorney. 463-464 Parrott
building" San Francisco. " • " .• -
A BARGAIN IN BERKELEY.
One block from.Dvi'ght way station: on
Parker st.. between Shattuck ay?. and Grove
•st.; new and beautifully finished: 6 rooms and
bath; small. cash payment, balance In install-
ments. SAN FRANCISCO AND SUBURBAN
HOME BUILDING SOCIETY, 70S Market st.
JOHN P. GARDNER,
3222 Adeline st. ; South Berkeley.
Real estnte at a bargain ou easy payments;
I can sell or exchange your property If It is
in California. \u25a0
INVESTMENT— Fine 2-story brick business
.corner, 4CxICO, in the . heart of Oakland,
$3C,000: will increase rapidly. Address F.
F. BACON. 200 Bacon building. \u25a0
ELEGANT horn?. well built; 9 rooms; 2 batfi-
. roerr.s. toilets • handsome mantels : larg» lot :
beautiful palms, shrnbbery: also lot and sta-
.,b!e !r. rear. Add. Owner. 2001 Bancroft way.
O AKLAND ADVERT ? S ? M ? TS
OFTICE. 1010 BROADWAY".
REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale at a barealn— One of the choicest |
J building : lota in Alta Piedmont: all street
- work, sidewalks, sewers. ' water -. and . gras
mains complete: magnificent view; faces twu
• broad avenues: restricted building values In-
tures elegant home surroundings; owner go-™
. lnjr away; must se!l at 'once at considerably
.-' lew - than adjacent lf»ts can- be bought for.
Apply to W. .J. • WHITE CO.. 28 Mont-
re men*, ft., room 8. -----. .
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
B'oKIN'S VAN AND «~ORAGE CO.. general
; -. movers— We have" the best "warehouse In tfc?-
West" «only covered vans used). DOX'T
MISTAKE THE NUMBER. 101* Broadway.
. 'Vklnnrt; phrme Main, 9o7;- . \u25a0 -
; .f.^r i OAKLAND FLATS TO LET. V ; .-
FURNISHED s' flat of * 4* rooms and bath; for
•;- housekeeping. 68S Twenty-fourth st. .
OAKT. AND ..ROOMS TO LET.
ELEVeS^TH aye .1270,' East Oakland— Sunny
furnished room. "\u25a0 -,' - ..
"OAKLAND. ROOMS. AND BOARD.
FIFTEENTH.'. (511— Sunny rooms,- tjome-cooked
-.board; -reasonable , prices. • • \u25a0 ~
OAKLAND v, FURNITURE FOR .SALE.
TO-MORROW- the day for bargains In furniture.
>H. Schellhaas. 11th St.. cor, store. Oakland.
San Francisco ?A(lverf Vents
'\u25a0i-JC ROO3IS FOR \u25a0 ' HOUSEKEEPING. ..
ALTON House. 204 McAllister— 3 fine furnished
housekeeping rooms," facing. Hyde st. .: ... ' "
ELEVENTH, , 106— Sunny, nicely furnished
room; -gas -range; .water;; bath;. $10. .•; •
GEARY.', IOS8 — Four rooms * newly furnished;
jv.,iirat ; . floor; $20;. three ; rooms $IS.. -, .....
HAIGHT, ' 322 — Two I large.' sunny.,* newly ' fur-,
\u25a0 'nished ( front rooms; , bath; housekeeping; $2i>.
HAVES, •_\u25a0 97fr— Sunny ;. furnished rooms: also
-\u25a0'.housekeeping' room: "private
HOWARD.' 822-^One, suite, housekeeping, rooms;
- : also slnsle.".". \u25a0 -" j * " *"• ,
HOWARD.* 200fiA. J n*ar ?ixteenthr-Two or three
; rooms, 1 furnished complete; gas. range/ bath,
f phone.'j '\u25a0 ' V • "V"".'. --V-" ";\u25a0'"." .:"
L'ARKlN,V''Sl7%— Sunny corn<r* room: ' gas
'-•-« stove:" rent .'reasonable. £?•
LARKlN.' \lsl7— Three completely -furnished
f.. rooms f or. housefceeplnjr;, a H; conveniences. - »' . -
LkVRKIN,' IHCO-~-Housekfep"ng'sulte of 3 rooms
> :-and ; bath." completely' furnished;; adults;, $40.
MARKET.liro— Suite of. rooms for housekeep-
tng; .rent $15: also single room. '-$3.;.?. ;.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING — Com.
MARKET. 200S — Two large, sunny, wall-fur-
nished rooms, complet* for housekeeping;
r-hon*. bath. \u25a0 s : '
MCALLISTER. 483, cor. Van Ness mf.—Z
nicely furnished, sunny housekeeping roonw:
|14; single room. $6. "
McAU^ISTER. 63-S— Nice sunny mite; «a»
• ranee, .bath, laundry: adults.
MISSION." S23 — Two front housekeeping rooma:
also back rooms.
MISSION. 1220— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping. \u25a0-
MISSION. 2fr47— 3 rooma and kitchen, fur-
nished, and single rooms, also en suite.
OAK. 117. or 14 Pag»— Complete for house-
keeplng; $5 to $12: hot bath: laundry: aduJqa^
OAK. 152"4 — Large room furnished complete
for housekeeping ; bath.
OCTAVIA. 1403— Sunny housekeeping: suites:
rent reasonable. -
O'FARRELL. SI3^ — Ntee • sunny rooms. «a
nutte or single: reasonable. *\u25a0 -
POLK. 601— Furnished room for 2 gentlem-sa
ftnd 1 largw houskeeplng room. *
SIXTEENTH. 3425 A. near Church— 2 or 3:
sunny, nicely furnished, connecting rooms
for housekeeping; phone, gas and bath; cars
pass within S doors of th« house; reasonable:
no children. \u25a0
SIXTEENTH. 293«. corner Capp — Two sunny
connecting housekeeping room*; gas. bath;
: $12 50. 1
STEINER. 2204 — Several fine, sunny rooms
complete for light housekeeping '"» private
family; adults only.
TAYLOR, 911— Sunny furnished room: gas
range, $7; unfurnished rooms, bath; $20.
TURK, 149 — Newly furnished room* for
housekeeping; also single rooma.
WALLER. 71 — Newly fur. suite rooms, in new
. house; fine rlew; $14". Phone Pag» 7931.
AFART - aE - vr HOPSES -
RANDALL APARTMENTS—
120 Pierce st., near Ralght.
4 large sunny unfurnished rooms, an light'
and each apartment complete In itself; larg»
clctsets and plenty of shelving: stone under
entire building, making it fre« from any
dampness; must be seen to be appreciated ;•
Just about finished; open dally: rent v*ry
reasonable: permanent tenants wanted. Ap-
ply on premises or R. McELROY. agenu
Phelan bldg. Tel. Main 587 a .
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell St.. near Van Nes» and
; Market — New.' handsome, fireproof structure;
mod. improvements: apts. 3-rm.. bath:specta!
Inducements for next 80 days; tel. South 1071.
NEW four-story corner apartment-house; sunny
side: completed November 1. All suit** ba««
modern kitchens, electric lights, etc. Apply
244 Ninth st.: building opposite.
ALTA Apartments, opp. Alta Plaza— Furnished -
or unfurnished 2 rooms and separate bath.
Clay st.. bet. Pierce and Scott. >, \u0084
GRAND view — California and Lyon; 4 room#:
completely furnished; modern apartments;
reasonable. °
A — KENILWORTH. cor. Bush.' Powell; 3-roons
cunny. aparts. ; single rooms; modern: r»a«.
A— YON NYDACK. 873 Post-^4 rooms; prrvat*
baths; furnished, unfurnished: salt baths. R
ROSSWELL Apartments. 13SO Pine, near Hjde
* — 2. 3 and 4 rooms, with bath; steam heat.
MAYBELLE. 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness— Vaa.
ness. 3-rm. suite: Grove. 3-rm. suite; reas.
THE Avaton. 670 Bash at.— 3 and 4 room
, apartments with bath; rani, or unfnrnlshed-
THE Frederick; 901 Stanyan — 1 to 3 roonw.
overlooking Golden Gate Park; tel. Page-CleJrt. .
ROOMS TO LET — Faro, and Unrnra.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN.
Corner Ellis and Leavenworth sts.
Most modern and centrally located European
plan hotel In San Francisco: artistically fur-
nished; jingle rooms and suites, with or with-,
out bath*; running hot water and Qall bells In
all rooms; 2 large reception parl«rs; rates
from 50c to $3 per day: $3 to $20 per week.
TOURIST ACCOMMODATIONS.
"A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
i tight housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT 'The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. I
Fifth st.>— Rocms 25c to 50r. $1. $1 50 night:
- $150 to $1Q week; house open all night.
A3H8URY..440. near Golden Gate Park— Nte«
sunny ro£ro», furnished or unfurnished: sin-
gle or en. suite: bath; private family.
BELMOND House, over Owl drugstore: 2 en-
trances, 112U Market and 21 Turk — Electrio
- lights-, . running water In every room; 200
rooms: 25c to 5Cc per night; $1 25 to $4 week.
BRADY. 60 — Two very nicely furnished room»
to let. with gas and bath.
BURTON Hotel. 1120 Howard st. — ICO rooms:
new bouse: modern; $1 25 to $3 per week.
CALIFORNIA. 3CSS— 2 fin© furnished front
room.;, complete for light housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA 2304, near Webster— Sunny front
room; 2 single beds; running water; $12.
CASTRO. ti30 — Elegantly furnished roams to
let at reasonable rates.
EDDY. SC8 — Large sunny front rooms: elegant-
ly furnished: private: running water: use
piano; gentlemen. '-!
EDDY. SX'.-> — Modern corner flat; newly fur-
nished rooms; single or en suite. ' * ._
ELLIS. 3*JS— Nice single rooms. $2 50 week up;
fine furnlfhed suits with baths; very reason-. •
able. • \u25a0 \u25a0
FOURTH, 225-^To let. nice sunny front rooms;
cheap. - . -
FOURTH. 271— 1C0 rooms; all staes and prices;-
new. modern: hot anrt cold water.
FULTON. 7S-^A newly furnlthcd salta of
rooms- to let: private family. :
GALT HOUSE. 120ti Market st. — Choice rooms
by day, week or month: central location.
GEARY. 473-^Beautl fully furnlihed sult»?. pri-
vate baths. £M: new bouse; single.' $S. "
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1014— Large front dou-
\u25a0 ble parlor: all modern convenience*. ' .
GRAND- Pacific Hotel. 1014 Kearny at.— New
hous*: all modern conveniences: rooma by day .
Ssc up: by week $2 up; open all nisht.
GRAND SOUTHERN. 10tt> Mission, cor. Sev-
enth — 100 rooms: 50c night. $2 to $• week. '
GUERRERO. 032 bet. 21« and 22d — » rooms
lurnish-d or unfurnished.
HARRISON, 2511 — Furnished front room; bay
window. ' ' j
HAVES. 287 — Sunny rooms with us«» of piano*
and bath; will allow housekeeping ' privileges
If desired. \u25a0--'.'.- '\u25a0\u25a0>-\u25a0
HOTEL Hamilton, and cafe. 125 Ellis bet.
.. Powell and Mason sts.. S. F. — Rooma $1 ti> •
$3 per day; steam heat and telephone in
ea~h room.
HOWARD. 715 — Rooms, .. 25c tost per day;
$1 5O to $3 per wesk: reading-room, etc.. \u25a0
HYDE, 810. bet. . Eutter and gush — Large fur-
nished 'room; rent *10. -
JERSEY. 34t. between Twenty-fourth .and
Twenty-fifth, near Castro — 2 front rooms to>
.-. 'let." furnlshfd or unfurnished.
LEAVENWORTH. 12:«— 3 or 4^ furnished"
reom-;-nn all day: every convenience..
LEXINGTON. 135— Ntee furnished rooms;
p!/"a.«ant neighborhood: rates reasonable. . •' -
MARKKT. -23<jeB. mar leth— Unfurnlshsd
{. i-ooni in a private family: gas. bath: rea-
Eflnabl*. BBMAMtSfeM
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 129 Third St. — IO»>
single and family rooms. 35c to $150 per'
day; $2 to $ft week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in - San. Franriso
; that has office on ground floor; hot and cold
water, electric -, lights, call bells, steam h»at
in every ror.m.'and gives free baths and el*-.'
. v«tor day and. night to its guests. . - ;
MINNA. 733— Large sunny double and singt* .
furnU-heU rooms: suitable for ladies cr gents. '
MONTGOMERY. 71ft— Furnlahed rooms to let.
OCTAVIA. K2»— Bay-wlr.c'ow front room, fur-
nlshrd: o »uttab!» for on»omwo; In German
crlvatp ' family:, gas «i<J running water.
PINE.; "S3 — Fine furnished front sunny room*:
" running ; water: bath; centrally located: de-
. sirable; convenUnt. • <\u25a0 \u25a0-. \u25a0 ' \u25a0'\u25a0 ." j
POWELL, 1220 i cor. Paciflc— Nice sunny front.
furnished room to let: day. week, month..
RIO "VTSTA HOTEL. 253 Third St.. near How-
ard — New house with- modern convenience^:
. rooms en snire and 'single: rat e» by day 35c,
up: by week, $2 up; baths free to guests.
i TAYLOR.' «I5 — Newly fur. rooms: not and coM
I water:??!') mo.;;«legant suites; bath* 'free. ;
TO rent two rooms furnished: $12. Can MR3. ;
BOYCE. 896 Howard st."
: SACRAMKNTO, 1642— 3'!"ui!ny cor. rooms; also
: . hfusekeoping rooms: running water.
SAN CARLOS aye.; 350— Furnished room; lady ;
\u0084-, preferred. -, ."- \u25a0- . - •"• :-.'." .'
SANCHEZ. . 2Co." '" corner Mirk^t — Newly ,fur-
. nlshed front parlor anrt bM'otm: wl»»bl^ for \u25a0
•gentlemen: every convenient."*;. nnH»>nabl#. ;
Continued, on" Pax* 14 ' '.
1314
ROOMS TO LET — rum. and Unturn.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 2337— Fear nice unfur-
ni^'d roon-F :«,W: >vrr.v -»nd -c^nn.-
x-vrrKD states, vr. Bttg »*j!*"*f*sfiK
rooms. :;-c 1.. ;i nirfitJ si ". to ffl ****: ««•
trie Utfrt* <ro ?.-\u25a0>. vunn.nj: *r*KT *B «W
room: c-levaior. icg-1.-rc-om: fr;» bu». baggag^.
WOLF , ifoupe. H.nrord a'.iJ Sixth— No b?ltcr
translfrt hou«t in city; raUs rrai=onab.e: lo-
cation central. Ceo._H._yon dor Mehden.^proi).
VVTXCHESTEn Hotel. 44 3d st.. nr. Market-
Most ronvcr.i>iH and i<";p.-ctable: .00 rooms.
.•:sc to $1 CO niclitly. J2 to fS week; elevator:
f |,o. lights; ica.ling-ioom: free bus, baggage.
vnYEKTIFEMEXTS, eub«cr!ptlons lecelvel at
Call branch oTSce. cor. Duncan & Church sts
~BliAN«-"H of Pee rf Th«» Call for the reception
of \u25a0dvertlaemcnt- an! fabferipUons ha« b^on
ononod at ICfS Market st.. opposite Fifth
O|*n until II V- ra
ROOMS VXD BOARD.
iTOTEL W MAKirn«.''KOl'Gli. ~4iH Eddy. 404— Just
opened: rocniF n-.odfiii, up to date, light, gun-
ny airy; ha'.r n:attre?ses; Ore* baths; every-
thing f'lefcani. tr^fih. clean; table unexcelled.
Rat**: Boctna for 2 with board. ««0 month
and upward: Mu*".e rooms with board. *M>,
everjthinK bomeJlke: parlor and piano for
pve&le: location i:i the heart of cit>. 401
Eddy i-t.. -it. -
CALIFORNIA. S(.;_Excei-tionally »»«*'<
trer billiard-room.- handsome and f.piUi
rocmt; board ard room for 2. 5« up: s.n^ie.
922 CO up; suUen. ?55 up: 6te for yuurselt.
FULTON. U»4 — &— my riX)ms anu board in
private famil> : tine location.
JOHNSTON THE. eCS O # Farrell— Sunny suites
and single me. ; excellent board; references.
LEAVENWOKTH. 1329— Nicely furn. rooms,
with board: EQod location: excellent table.
VALENCIA, >«3<J — Furnished rooms, with
water, crate, closets, etc.: table board. >
V\N VESS tve., 80S— Nicely furn. rooms, with
"board: home cooking; rates reasonable.
PROPOSALS.
VROfOSALfc— Sealed propuaals will b* re-
ceived at the o:ace of the State Board of
Prison Directors. 331 Pine et.. San Fran-
cisco Cal . and will be opened between the
bours of 1 and 2 o'clock p. m.. Octobor 1».
1805 for furnishing and superintending the
erection ot an oil tuel burning plant at tht
£tate prison at San Quentin, according to
the general outline specifications and prints
on lile with Brainard F. 6mlth. clerk of th*
fcta'.t- Board of l'rison Directors, at said of-
fice The beard will let the contract to the
lowest bidder whc. In Its judgment, sub-
mits the best and most •atlstaclory proposi-
tion, oa—idylns with all terms of the re-
<iuir«rra«ii's and tpecifications, reserving the
right to reject any and all bids for cause.
Tbe tenet al outline epeciflc&tions adopted
by the beard, with the prints, are to be used
as & guide to bidder?, who are expected to
«i_m:ne the boilers, boiler-room anj equip-
Git::: now at the prison, co as to submit all
piop«?r pumps, fitting* and material for com-
plete oil burning equipment, and they are
expected to submit plans with full descrip-
tion of thrlr proposed arrangement of the
necessary machinery, conforming to the re-
Dnlretncßt* and intent of the cpeciflcattons.
Each bid muirt be accompanied by a certi-
fied check drawn upon some responsible
bank payable to the president of the board,
\u2666or at least 10 per cent of the amount of
the bid. which win be forfeited if the suc-
cess; ul bidder rbould* refuse to enter into
the contract provided by the board and give
a bond equal U cne-half the amount, satla-
:actory to the board, upon notice of accept-
ance ROBERT T. DEVLIN. President.
* BRAIXARD F. SMITH. Clerk.
PROPOSALS FOR CLOTHING AND EQUIP-
AGE. — rvpot. Quartermaster's office. 3d New
Montgomery Ft., San Francisco, California.
October 14, 1005 — Sealed proposals In tripli-
cate, subject to the usual conditions, will be
received fc^re until 10 o'clock a, m., Novem-
ber 14, IW\ and then opened, for furn/sh-
Jng and delivering &t either the Chicago, St.
Louis, P»n Francisco or Seattle depots of
the Quartermaster's Department. C. S.
Army: 12,000 corn brooms and 1000 scrub-
' bing" brushes. The right Is reserved to re-
ject or accept any or al! proposals or any
part thereof. Prr-fererce will be given to
articles of domestic manufacture, conditions
of quality and price (Including price of for-
rl£n productions or manufactures the duty
thereon) b'- '.:.;• equal. Standard samples can
be seen at. and blanks for proposals and full
infonnatlcr. will be furnished upon appli-
cation to, this office. Envelopes containing
proposals to be Indorsed "Proposals for Cloth-
ing and Cquipace. 557T — 2416, to be opened
at I<* o'clock a. ra.. November 14, 1905.*'
C. A. DEYOL. Depot Quartermaster. U. S.
Amy.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department.
Washington. D. C. until 10 o'clock a. m.,
November 21, 1905 and publicly opened im-
mediately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
yards. Mare IFland. Cal.. and Puget Sound,
Wash., a quantity of naval Eupplles as speci-
fied: Schedule 177 — Steel rolling ehutten,
drum hoisting- engine. Schedule 178 — Brass
\u25a0wire, electrical fittings, salt water soap.
Schedule 17» — Motors, rip saw table, die
efnklng machine, surface grinding machine,
mirrors, brass. Schedule ISO — Paint brushes,
brooms Dowlas linen, dry goods, hardware,
hydraulic leather, belt lacing. plp e fittings.
Applications for proposals should designate
by numbers the schedules ' desired. Blank
» proposals will be furnished upon application
to the navy pay office, San Francisco. Cal.
or to the Bureau. H. T. B. HARRIS. Pay-
master General. V. S. N. 10-4-05. *
PROPOSALS for purchase of condemned Q. M.
supplies. — Depot Quartermaster's Office,
North American building, Philadelphia, Oc-
tober 9. 1905. — Sealed proposals, in tripli-
cate, subject to conditions stated In circular
to bidders, copies of which can be had upon
application to this office, will be received
here until 11 o'clock a. m.. Wednesday, No-
vember 8, 1905, for tbe purchase of 127 lots
of Condemned Clothing. Equipage and Ma-
teriale. Blanks for proposals and full lnfor-
rtation will be furnished upon application.
Envelopes containing proposals to be in-
dorsed '•Proposals for Purchase -of Con-
demned Supplies, to be opened November 8.
1905," and addressed to LT. COL. J. W.
POPE. Deputy Q. M. General. U. S. Army.
Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS FOR PUBLIC BUILDING.— Of-
fIce of the Chief Quartermaster. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. Sept. 21. 1905. — Sealed proposals,
in triplicate, subject to the usual conditions,
will be received at this office until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Pacific Time. October 21, 1905, and
then opened In the presence of bidders, for
the reconstruction of sewer outfall at Fort
Mlley. Cal Information furnished on ap-
plication to this office. The United States
reserves the right to accept or reject any or
all bids or any part thereof. Envelopes con-
taining proposals should be indorsed : "Pro-
posals for Sewer . Outfall at Fort Mlley.
Cal.". and addressed to Colonel WM. S.
PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster General.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Eupplles and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington. D. C, until 10 o'clock a. m.,
November 2S, 1905. and publicly opened im-
mediately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
yard. Mare Island,' Cal.. an auxiliary fire
alarm eystera. Applications for proposals
should refer to Schedule 187. Blank pro-
posals will be furnished upon application to
the navy pay office. San Francisco, Cal. or
to the Bureau. H. T. B. HARRIS. Pay-
master Q>nera.l. XT. S. N. 10-5-05.
CARDS A>*D KVVITATIONS.
_r.graved wefiClng invitations, visiting & busl-
Bees cards, crests, etc.; hlirh-class work; mod-
«rate rates. J. H. Duncan. 126 Kearny. rs. 1-2.
marriage; licexses.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yeeterday by the County Clerk:
Paul Klopetock. 24, Goldfleld. Nevada, and
Salome Blschofl. 20. 2503 California street !
«r H^3 y ,C, C - *i P3P 3 - Oakl an<*. and Beatrice
M. Crooks, 24. Oakland.
Charle* E. Linaker, 35, 207 L&rkin street.
and Adeline M. Deas, 25. 207 Larkin street.
Edward B. Jorcensen. 43, SS3 Bush street.
and Frieda M. Schwartz. 29. 160 Belvedere etl
a %C-% C -, Ba , 4 / 1 , 21 ' Sausallto. and Elizabeth
A. Callenfler, 18, Los Gatos.
Richard M Burton. 23. AndersonU, and
Elen Brcen. 2S. Kenny.
r w f- Far e°. 20. 1307 Flllmore street,
and Marie L. Kearn, 18. 2445 Buchanan street
Burton W. Allen. 27, 1777 Mission «r«et
•x.d Emily A. Piercy. 30. 1777 Mission street
Philip Bach.. 3«. BakerEfleld, Ind Lllla M
Pate. 36, Philadelphia. 1-
Cyrus T. La liree. 35. San Jose, and Loretta
EcfK-verrfa. 29. 143$ O1O 1 Farrell street. reU *
Edward F. Barry. „, ISI2H Poet street, and
Haena V. Mcßalth. 18. 1812^ Pbst «!
Rudolph Beatz. 34. Phoenix. Arizona, and
Sadie Baer, 23. 1718 Washington street.
Manoel B. Eimas. 26, €5 Jackson street and
M*ria Nun*s. 30. 05 Jackson street
*. George A. Hewitt. 2«, €26% Minna street,
and Myrtle M. Ford. 18. 625% Minna st'eet
Edward A. Tumelty. 24, 1524 Howard street,
and Mary Mclnerney. 20, 50 Boardman nlace
Otto Hoffman, 3S. 4147 Nineteenth street!
and Grace M. Belew. 24. Merced. " ue «.
Aesuero Locchesl 25, 110 Pacific street, and
Gemma Frug_!i, 15, 110. Pacing street.
Charles A. Wyee, 39. 2090 Bryimt avenue
and Annie M. Heed. 33. 2C&O Bryant avenue '
Alexander W. Ronnie, 21. 314 EUU street,
and Minerva G. Hync*. 16, 150 Valencia street!
Nathan Cohn,, 23, 224 North Willow street,
and Bertha Gluck. 20, 224 North Willow st.
BIRTHS— MABBIAGES— DEATH-
-Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Jndoreed with the came and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted elmply to the announcement
of the event are published ence In this column
tree of c— arre.
BORN. \ \u0084
ROTH— In thl» city, to the wlf« of Adolph
Both (nee Kuxner), a dauroter.
MARRIED.
GAILLARD— EDWARDS— In Uklah. Cal.V Oc-
tober 14, 1905. Albert P. Gaillard and
Sydne A: Edwards.
GILMER— CAMERON— In this city, October
15. li'dC. by the Rev. W. E. Dugan. Hamet
! C. Giimor of Napa and Ethel M. Cameron of
Gllroy.
TRAVItf— HOUGH— In tb!« city. October 15,
IDCr.. by the Rev. M. H. Llebc. Allan^B.
i Travis of Strawberry. Valley, Cal., and LU-
; lian J. Hough of this city. __^_
DIED. '
\ Andcrsnn. Mar'sraret.73 Jackson, Sarah A.
Anderson. Elizabelh.4s Jones. Robt. de 11.. 43
IJeard, Cynthia S. \u25a0 Kelly. Lewis X.. 24
lierry, AnKcllnc, 4 m. Kcnyon, Mary E., 43
j ttlanu. Key. H. J.. iSI Klein, Charles R., 75
i Breclun, Frtd. i£ Loomis, Jennie T.. 56
Brew, Nathaniel. 8a Munson. Charles C. 02
Brown, Edward E.. 43 Murphy, Jen. J., 23
Cougfclan, Bridget, 7S Palamountain, H.R.,iO
lXiu-a. Matiuil, :;j ( Peacock, Mary P., la
Fitzgerald. John X.. 47 Pleasants, Win. E., 30
Greenhood, Jacob. 04 - Qulnn. Janey M.. 22
Kanley. Ann. 7S • Kohrs, George H-, 55
Hedrick. Harvey A..54 Silverberg, Simon, 72
Hudacr, Francis, 77 Thurston, S. E., 41
Hughes, John V. Yankovich. Antone, 33
ANDERSON— In this city. October 18, 1905.
Margaret E.. beloved mother of James Ander-
eon, and sister of James and Henry Lyons,
a native of County Mayo, Ireland, aned 75
• years. <Bceton. Mam., papers please copy.)
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at S:3O a in., from the par-
lors of McFadden, Mcßrtarty & Green, 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for th«
reposo of her soul, at 9 a. m. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery.
ANDERSON— In this city. October 10, 1005.
Elizabeth Anderson, beloved wife of Axel
Anderson, and mother of Eddie and Emma
Anderson and Mrs. J. Lucey. a native of
Sweden, aged 48 years 1 month and 5 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fullyinvitcd to attend tie funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), October 19, at 1 o'clock, from
her late residence, 1011 Harrison street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BEARD— In Oakland. Cal.. Cynthia S. Beard,
relict of.. Dr. J. M. Beard, and mother of
May and Edith C. Beard. '
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
October .19. at 2 o'clock p. m., from the
mortuar* chapel of^he Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty- first. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery, by electric funeral car from corner of
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2:30 p.m.
BERRY— In Oakland. Cal.. October 17, 1905.
Angellne M. Berry, youngest daughter of
Daniel P. and Dottle L. Berry, a native of
Santa Rosa, Cal.. aged 4 months and 15 days.
BLAND— In College Park, Santa Clara County,
Cal.. October 17, ll»C5. Rev. Henry J. Bland,
beloved humband of Annot L. Bland, , and
father ott Henry M. .Bland and Mrs. C. F.
Parker €f Oakland, a native of Virginia,
aged S2 years 10 months and 9 days.
IC7"Ftler.dB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral from the
M. E. Church at College Park to-morrow
(Thursday), October 19. at 10:30 a. m. In-
terment at Santa Clara.
BRECHET— In the City and County Hospital.
October 17. 190G, Fred Brechet, a native of
Russia, aged tc years.
BREW— In this city. October 16, 1905, Na-
thaniel Brew, beloved father of Elizabeth
Brew and N. Charles Brew of San Luis
Oblepo, Mrs. Belle Miller of Sacramento, Mn».
T. W. Calne and Mrs. J. C. Kaichin, a
native of Isle of Man, aged S9 years and 3
months.
(ETFri«nds are invited to attend the funeral
to-day (Wednesday), at 1 o' clods p. m.. from
his late residence. 756 Harrison street. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by /carriage.
BROWN— In this city. October 16. 1905, Ed-
ward Everett Brown, dearly beloved brother
of Herbert L. Brown, a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged 43 years 4 months and 5 days.
CT" Friends are respectfully Invited? to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Wednesday), at
2 p. m.. from the chapel of N. Gray & Co.,
612-614 Van Ness avenue, between Golden
Gate avenue and Turk street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
COUGHLAN— In this city, October 16, 1905,
Bridget, beloved wire of John Coughlan, a
native of County Qalway, Ireland, aired 78
jraara.
CyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:80 a. m., from the par-
lors of McFadden. Mcßrearty & Green, . 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where services
will be held at 10 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DUTRA— In this city, October 16, 1905, Man-
uel Dutra. beloved brother of Mrs. M. D.
Perry. Mrs. Maggie Gomez and ' Mrs. Clara
Grace, a native of Portugal, aged 35 years.
A member of Oakland Aerie of Ea*rles No.
7; Oakland Grove No. 24, U. A. O. D.. and
Bald EaKle Tribe No. 76, I. O. R. M.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-worrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 a m., from his lato
residence, 1137 San Pablo avenue, Oakland,
thence to St. Francis de Sales Church, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be 'cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 a. m. Interment St. Mary** Cem-
etery.
FITZGERALD— In this city, October 16. 1905,
John Emmet FitzKerald, beloved husband
of Nellie Fitzsrerald, and beloved brother of
Catherine McCawiey, a native of Sacramento,
Cal.; aged 47 years and 5 months. A mem-
ber of Pacific Parlor No. 10, N. S. G. W.,
and Caroenters* Union No. 803.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from his
late residence. 165 Ninth etreet, near How-
ard. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
The officers and members of Paci'flc Parlor
No 10. N. S. G. W., are requested 'to as-,
semble at the residence o! our late brother.
John E. Fltzeerald, 165 Ninth street, at
12:30 p. m., to-day (Wednesday), October 18.
for the purpose, of attending the funeral,
which will be held under the auspices of the
parlor. GEO. W. LI LLIE. President.
J. C. MILLER, Record in* Secretary.
OREENHOOD — In Ocean Park. Cal.. October
16. 1905. Jacob, beloved husband of Aline
Greenbood. father of Mrs. Ermine Llssner,
and brother of Max Greenhood of Berkeley
and Sol Greenhood of San Francisco, a na-
tive of Austria, aged 64 years.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday). October 16, at 11 o'clock
a. m., at the Masonic Temple, corner" of
Twelfth and Washington streets, Oakland.
Services under the auspices of Oakland
Lodge No. 188, F. and A. M.. and Oakland
Lodge No. 118.- I. O. O. F. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
HANLEY— In Redwood City, Cal., October 17,
1905, Ann, wife of John Hanlcy, a native of
Londonderry, Ireland, aged 78 years.
CT7" Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral at 10 a. m. Thun»day. from
Mount Carmel Church, where a requiem high
mess will be "qelebrated for the renose of
her soul. Internment at Holy Cross Cemetery,
Colma. . Kindly, fomlt flowers 1 .
HEDRICK— In this city. October 15, 1905. Har-
vey A., beloved husband of Catherine C.
Hedrick. ana father of George H.. William
G.. Frank H.. John J., Eugene M., Kittle
E. and Tessle C. Hedrick, Mrs. Martin Burke
and Mrs. David Bellenlr. a native of Putnam
County, Indiana, aged 84 years 8 months and
23 days. (Calaveras Prospect and Citizen
please copy.)
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 a m., from his late
residence. 1433 Folsom street, thence to St..
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, at 9a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
; etery.
HUDNER — In San Jose, Cal., October 16, 1905,
Francis Hudner. beloved father of William
J., Catherine T., Joseph A., Frank S. and
John B Hudner and Mrs. M. W. Martin, a
native of Ireland, aged 77 years.
HUGHES — In Valdez, Alaska. September 15.
1905, John V., beloved son of. Annie and the
late Arthur Hughes, and brother of James
S., Arthur F. and Bernard F. , Hughes and
Mrs. Emma G. Carter, a•' native of New
York. . ' > \u25a0 ' -
E7"The funeral will take place- to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:45 o'clock a.m,, from the
parlors of Cafew & English, 29 Van Ness
avenue, thence to Holy Cross Church, i where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9 :30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JACKSON— Entered into rest, in this city, Oc-'
tober 17, 1905, - Sarah Arabella Jackson,
widow of the late Edward J. Jackson, -Esq..
and dearly beloved mother of Mrs. A. R.
. Frederick, Beatrice, Winifred and Alfred'
Norman Jackson, . a native of London, Eng-
land. . t
KTTUneral and interment . strictly private.
JONES — In this city. October 16. 1905. Robert
de Haven Jones, beloved husband ' of Mary
8. Jones, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 4U
years S months and 7 days. (Philadelphia
papers please copy.) JliPUaJli
E7Friends and acquaintances) are respect-
H ENR V J. C ALL ACH ER CO.
(Successors to Flannapan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS 'AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School/-
.Telephone South SO.^gSSSMVSS
UNITES UNDERTAKERS.'"
—^ Funeral Directors and i Embalmers —
Formerly, in Metropolitan Temple.
NOW AT SCO MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Firth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James : McGinn. . Henry Hansen. • ,
'JAMES McGINN &;CO..
Formerly With McGinn: Bros.
Funeral* Directors and Embalmers —
214 Eddy st. Tel. East. B6.
CEMETERY" PLOTS,
In Odd Fellows' ' and . Masonic \u25a0 Cemeteries can
bo exchanged for. Plots in
MOU.XT OLIVET.
For particulars apply • at " City : Office,
GRANT BLDG., MARKET & SEVENTH STS.
THE ;; SAN vivRANCISCO jGALL,y WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1905!
fully Invited to ettend the funeral .Wednes-
day. October 18. at 1:30 p. m., from his late
' residence. 5532 Twenty-first: street.. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery," by . electric
funeral car from corner of Eighteenth and
Guerrero Ftreeta at 2 \u25a0 o'clock -P. m.'.; r t ';. >,
KELLY— In' this city. October 15. 1005. Lewis
R.. dearly beloved son of Mrs. E. Kelly, and
brother cf Flavus. Edwin. Rollo and John
Kelly, a native of • Stockton, : Cal., a«red 24
3'ears. (Stpckton' papers please copy.)-:/ \u25a0 ,
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
* fully invited, to attend the funeral to-day
( Wediesday),- October IS. at 1 :30 o'clock^p.
m., from' the residence of his brother, 1027
Flllmore street. Interment Cypress Lawn-
Cemetery. - • \u25a0. : v- ; *, '
KENYON— In this city. October 16, 1905, Mary
E. Kenyon,- a native of Virginia, aged 43
years 4 months and 22 days. ...
(ET'Friands and acquaintances! are respect-
fully invited to attend the . funeral ' to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from
t the mcrtuary chapel of. the Golden Gate. Un-
dertaking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
, Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery, by electric funeralcar ffom corner of
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 11 a., m.
KLEIX— In this city, - October 15,' 19#S, Charles
R. .Klein,: a native of Germany, aged 75
years 5 months and, 7 days. : -. .- —
- Ct?"FritndB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited., to attend the funeral ' cervices
Wednesday, Octobe* 18, at 10 o'clock a. m..
at the.parlor» ofJulluaS. Godeau. 810 Van
Ness avenue. Interment - Cypress • Lawn
Cemetery.
LOOMIS— In this city. October 17, 1905. Jennie
Tracy Loomls. widow of H.B. Loomls, and
\u25a0 beloved mother of Tracy C Loomls and Mrs.
Edna Ezcll. axed 55 years. .
MUNSON— In this city, October 16, 1905,
Charleo C. Muneon, beloved husband of Ad-
dle O. Mun»on, father of Vlntle A. Munson,
and brother of Mrs. P. Young and Mrs. . M .
S. Hill of Eureka, a native of Maine, aged
62 years 7 month* and 19 days.
MURPHY— On board the U. S. A. transport
Sherman, Seotember 17," 1905. Joseph J., be-
- loved son of Mary J.' and the late. John P.
Murphy, and brother of May and' tbe laU
Marcus Murphy, a native of San Francisco
Cal., aged 23 years 8 months and 14 days. "
ST'Kotlce -of funeral, hereafter.
PALAMOUNTAIN— In this city. October 16,
1006, Howard R. Palamountain, a native of
Grass Valley. Cal., aged 20 years 9 months
and C days. \u25a0
PEACOCK— In this city, Ootober 16. 1905,
Mary Phlllta Peacock, beloved sUter of
Emma J. Wetherell and Thomas E. Pea-
cock, a native of California,- aged 19 years
10 months and 5 days.
PLEA6ANTS— In this city, October 17, 1905,
William Eugene Pleasants, brother of ST A.
Pleasants Sr., a native of Mississippi, aged
80 years 0 months and 24 days.
!E7"FTiendß are respectfully invited to . at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday),' at
10:30 a. m., from the chapel of N. Gray
& Co., 612-614, Van Ness avenue, between
Golden Gate avenue and Turk street. Cre-
mation at Odd Fellows' Cemetery...
QUINN— In this city. October 15, 1905, %aney
M., beloved daughter. of P. S. and the late
Eleanor Qulnn, and sister of May and Al-
exander Quinn, a. native of Stonyhurst, Lan-
cashire, England, aged 22 years 1 month and
28 days. . .
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ' Wedne«- '
day, October IS, at 9- o'clock a. m., from
the residence of her aunt, . Mrs. A. M. Lang,
291 Pennsylvania avenue, . thence to St. Te-
resa'a Catholic Church, Nineteenth and Ten-
nessee streets, where muss will be said for
tho repose of her soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. - \u25a0
Bt. Teresa's Institute No. 20, Y. L. I. — Ton
are hereby notified to attend the funeral of
our >ate sister. Jennie Qulnn. from her late
residence, corner of Eighteenth street and
Pennsylvania avenue, Potrero, Wednesday,
8 :30 a. m; By order i
MARY* O'CONNOR. President.
M. E. 'GANNON. Secretary.
ROHRS— Entered Into rest. In this city, Octo-
ber 16, 1905. Georce H.. beloved father of
William Rohrs. and brother of Mrs. John
Schube, Mrs. John Peterson, Mrs. Henry
Doescher and the late John D. Rohrs, a na-
tive of Hanover, Germany, aged 65 years
6 months and 20 days. '
(ETFTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), October 10, at Saratoga Hall.
840 Geary street, where services will be held
under the auspices of the S. F. Schuetzen
Vereln, commencing at 5r p. m. Remains at
tho parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SILVERBERG— In this city. October 17. 1905,
Simon, beloved husband . of Jeanette Sllver-
berg, and beloved father of Mrs. Maurice
Schweitzer, Mrs. J. J. Mack, Mrs. F. G.
Miner and Joseph S., Arthur, Melville and
Irvin Sllverberg, a native of Germany, aged
72 years 11 months and 24 days.
(C7"Tbe funeral services I will be held to-
morrow (Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.,
at 1807 Gough street,' thence by special train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at 10:45
a. m. Interment private.' Pleaee omit flow-
ers.
THURSTON — In this city. October 17, 1905,
Stelner IX. beloved husband of Adeline Thurs-
ton, and father of Alvilde and Alette Thurs-
ton, a native of Germany, aged 41 years and
7 months. \u25a0 \u25a0 -. . .
(DTFtiends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from his
late residence. 1902% McAllister street. In-
terment New Odd Fellows'., Cemetery, by car-
riage.
YANKOVICH — In" this city, October 10, 1905,
at his residence. 142 West - Mission street.
Antone Yankovich, dearly beloved - husband
of Elizabeth Yankovich, and beloved father
of George. Gertrude and Helen Yankovich,
a native of Austria, aged 3» years 10 months
and 16 days. ~~ .
(ETFriends and acquaintances / are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, October 19, . at 2 o'clock p. m..
from his late residence. 142 West Mission
street, between Thirteenth and Hermann. In-
terment 1..0. O. F. Cemetery.
WOODLAWN CEJMETERY,
San Mateo County.
MASONIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
586 James Flood Building, S. F.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Pa ire 16.
and Bond Exchange for. a. long. time. The
sales of bonds were only" $13,000, .while those
of stocks, with the exception of some business
in the gas shares, were. Insignificant.
Mining shares met with fair attention.' The
Comstocks were firmer as a rule, but the Tono
pahs were weaker, with a general decline in
the higher priced ; stocks, ' such as Montana,
Midway.' etc. .
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Company has
declared a regular quarterly dividend of $3 per
share, payable; October. 18., ;,
!
-
.
l
\u25a0
sTock and; bond exchange.'
TUESDAY, Oct. 17—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.| ' . , Bid. A«k.
4s qr c0up..104%105%Us qr cp nw.134 134%
4s qr reg...104%105%|3s qr;coup. .104%105y*
MISCELLANEOUS ; BONDS. :
Ala AW5s — — Ok T Con Ss.lllX —
• Asso CHI 6s 90 — O W gtd-6s. — 98
Bay CPC ss. 108% — Oceanic S 5s 60 65
Cal'C G 68.107 — Om Cable 65.120% —
Cal G&E g -' : PacG Im'4« 95 — .
m&ct 6s 99% 100 P E Ry^es.lllTs —
Cal-st C &e.111%113W Pao L&P:ss.lOl9i — .
C CWat 6s. — 106 P &-C H 05.102% —
Ed L&P 6b.124%— P& O R 65.110 —
F& C H 65.113 . — Powell-st Os.lll —
Geary-st ss. —. '45 Sao EG&Rss.llo —
H C&8 6%«.104% — SF & SJVSs. —. —-
Do 6s ....104%105% SF.O ; &5J65.111% —
Hon R T 6s.HO — Sierra R 6s. 112% —
LA Elcc 6« — —-, SP ofiA" 6s> • -v*
LAG &E1 6s — 103 (1909) .....108 108%
LA Ry 5s.ll6%118: ,>' (1910) ... .108% —
LAL gtd sS.los\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0—'• S P of C 6s " ,
LAP; 1cm5e.111% — (1906)':.. .102 — "
LAP C Bs.-.107%::—- ' (1012) .V..112%113t£
Mkt-st C 65.114H115% SPC 1 eg 65.120% — .-.
\u25a0Do 1cm55.115 \u25a0„ — - SIP>B R"6«.134 — '
MV& MtTss.lOs • ;—. BY, Wat :Bs. 102 .',10214'
NR of C 6s.'—'. .— \u25a0\u25a0 Do 4s 2dm. 100% —-.-,
Do 6s ..;'.119 Do 4s 3dm.100 100U
N?P C R 55.105%106U Dog mtg4s 97%
N> C Ry Bs. —>-111% Btkn G&Efis.—-^. —;v
N C PC 6a. — 100% U G &.E-55.10494105tf
OGL&H 65.108%109 UR of SF 4s 89% 89Ui
Ok TCo 6s:i2l — Val Co P 55.104% 10:7%
Do sa, ....112% —; iYos^SL'4%s. 92% 9J%
;i; <; ;-^JI;-^Jl WATER : STOCKS./
Contra Ceta 48Vi 49 |Port Costa..'.'.— - 68
Marin C 0... 61 v'— -IS ,V ;Wat;Co 40%40%
-GAS "AND ELECTRIC.
Cen; '. & P 3iJT- SiF.G 4E. 84% 85 \u25a0\u25a0'•
Marte. Powr- 2 — - Do certfs. .-84%'85
Mutual E L.'l6Vi—.. Stkn G& B. 5 —
Pac L C 0... 72% — - .
\u25a0BSUBIIIINSURANCE. "
Flrem's Fd.335 ' — I ' '. .
; BANK STOCKS.^.'
Am r Ntl 8k.127%130 JL.P/&A... — Isa
" Anglo-Cal \u25a0 .'.*9 l %04 I Mer-Trust...220 • 210
Bank of Ca1.423 ~ Merch Ex... 55 —
Cal Safe Dp.168; \' — S' F, National — 160 f
FirstjNatnl.32o;;33o\<- -:
• SAVINGB 'i BANKS."
J3er S & L.3000;;— - Savl&LSo.lOO, —
llum S 8k.2000 v' Sec' Say j8k.395;"jBk.395;" —' '.
Mutual* 5av.102% — - Union T.C0.2700 8300 \u25a0
S F Sav:U.7oo ,- '
..,;'; .STREET RAILROADS. .C. \u25a0
California >.219. 219 \u25a0—- I Presidio ....— _
Geary ...'...: — 40 I .
. POWDER.
Giant Con.. T7. . 78 !:
r,/ y_- ' ' \u25a0 SUGAR;-; .". ' .
Hawaiian C. 83^-"^" !sLakawell c- 35% —
HonoUaa 80 \l -WiiOnomea SC. 34 '34U
Hutch SP C 15% — JPaauhau SC 23 —
KllaueaSC 3%>4%|- . : "
|9Ss!s|l?S£&l - MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. W>% 02 .; Oceanic S Co, 4% .5 :.
Cal F C.A.98 .09 Pac.Aux'FA ."% — ,
Cal .Wine A — 85 : Pac C 80rx.152 % —
MV& MtTm.loo " — PacS Tel C 0.103 ;• 104%
:'%-\u25a0'-"':'\u25a0 '\u25a0r'SALES.'- S:- : :
', '.".'-- r. Morning Session, 'i .;•\u25a0; •
\u25a0 ,•:\u25a0;;\u25a0 •:-. --Board— '. . -V- " ~ \u25a0 / .< . '
25 Alaska Packers' . Association . : . 62 00
.10 Bank •of \u25a0-\u25a0 California . ........ .423 5»
> . c\ Mutual , Electric Light : . ... . ... -1 6 60
V ' Bo Onomea . Sugar : C o . . . , ....... • 34 25 .
W0 8 F Gae & Electric, .'t. ... . • • 84 75 '
$1,000 Spring : Valley Cs ... : ... .102 12%
*•*•;\u25a0 Street — aaHfSjßgiQMiUlMßßie'll'Jl'l'' '"l "*"l \u25a0>
$5,000 SP of Arizona (1909) ...108 12%
'."': 'Afternoon Session. ;*>
~ Board-^ ".- ."-.\u25a0""• \u25a0
100 Contra Costa Water, s 90 48 fO
. ' 100 Hutchlnson S P. C 0.... ........ 15 75
60 S F Gas & -Electrlo. .'. .' .84 75
f 1. 000 Associated Oil •Co ss. ". 90 25
$2,000 SF. Oak &:S Jose. Ry ss. ;..lir 75' ;
$2,000 Oakland Gas 5s ...... ....If 8 70
$1,000 Spriner Valley 4s (3d mtge)....100 00 t
!;.: :/ /Street— .\u25a0\u25a0 •:-- ,\u25a0 ; "\u25a0\u25a0 '-- \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0 :.'
10 Pacific Btate. Tel & Tel Co. ...104 00
- 35 S F Gas & Electric..... . 84 75
$1,000 United- R R : of S F 45. ... . . . . 89 25 :
Unlisted Securltle*. ",
MISCEUyANEOUB BONDS.
Bid. Ask. ' ' Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC C 5.106 — SF G&E4%s.IC2 —
B L Wat 68.114" — SF &NP 55.112 * —
Cal NW 55. 11 l — SP C R 4s. 06% —
M C Wat 5s — 114 . Sun" Tel Cs. .IJ2 —
O T Con'6a.lo6 — Do 6s 110%111 .
Rlsl Wks6s.lol — • Suttr-st R85.105 110.
SF Drdk 58.115 — - ,
i-V ' MISCBLIJINESOUS STOCKS.
Ala 8 C 0... — 20 ' Gas. Con A. — 20
Am Bis <:0.101 — Mat Nay Co. 125 "185
Cal Cot Mis 89 91 Mils Nat 8k. 326 —
Cal G&ECor 60 91 NS R R Co. — - 12%
C Jockey C1.122%180- N Cal P Co. 11% 11%
Cal r Powder. 160 — * Ok Bk Eav.lßO —
Cal ' Ship Co — 24 lOOF Hall A 6% , —
CalT I & T. 166 175 Orpheum Co. 16 —
Cen Bk. Ok — 75 PacC Cas C 0.140 —
Chutes Co.. — 5 Pao Sur Co.— 120
CltyA C 8k.107%119 Paraf Paint. — 00
Cyp L Imp. 6 6 S F Drydock — 75
DptPwd pf d — 90 SF & SJCoal 20 —
Do oom ..'75 00 8 Jose Wat. 103% —
FN Bk, Ok. 120 — SO AMTgbt.l2s —
Flschr Thtr 750 — So Pao. Co..— 68
Frnch-A 8k.105% — Stvies-A 8k.125 130
Hono P-Co. — 86 Truck Elect. 17% —
Do old pi. — 38 Union 8 Co. 87% 88
Do nw pi. — ,87 |W-Fargo 8k.229 250
. SALES.
Morning Session, v- V : -'-v
" " ' . Board — \u25a0 - ; .-,;-.-'.h^, '\u25a0:
50 Northern Cal Power Co ...... 11 25
California Stpok and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Askid.
Arline ....;.... .... 39
Associated Oil Stock Tr Cert. 64 5«
California-Standard 42
Claremont 75 80
Forty .... 53
Hanford ..'. ......190 00 *' ..r.
H0m0... \u25a0 51
Illinois Crude -20
Independence .'. • 24
Kern ... ...14 00 ....;
Kern River .... 8 60
Occidental of W Va.. ....... 04 05
Oil City Petr01eum.......... 75 80
Peerless ...................... .... 900
Piedmont.. •••• * 68
Reed Crude... 24
Sovereign .....; •'• 25 26
Sterling .••• 1 JO
Superior. • 05 06
Twenty-eirht 10 00
Wabash 32
Gas and Electric-
Northern California Power.. 10 75 ....
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
4937. Associated OH Co Stock Tr Cert. 55
100 Home ....'..... ••• 65
Mlnlne Stock..
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following ' were the sales on , the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
9:30 a. m. Session— Comstocks.
300 Con Va M..1 60 600 Sierra Nev V. 30
600 Mexican ....110 300 Union Con ..- 49
200 Overman ...'. 12 200 Union Con .. 60
100 Potosl ...... 14 700 Utah W
12 m. Informal Session — Comstocks.
600 Andes ...."... 271 600 Gould & Cur. 22
100 Belcher ..... 2~M 300 Mexican' 1 10
300 Beat & 8e1..130| 100 Ophlr 5 50
200 Challenge ... 17 1000 Potosl ... 14
100 Chollar ...;.' 16 300 Sierra Nev . . \u25a0 30
160 Con Va M.ll 55 100 Sierra Nev .. 31
300 C Va M, blO.l 60 1000 Silver Hill .. 93
700 Con Va M..1 60 300 Union Con .. 50
100 Gould & Cur. 21 1 200 Yellow Jacket 22
2 p. m. Session— Comstocks. ..^v '-„
200 Andes .' • 281 JOO Eureka Con. .2 25
200 Caledonia ... 44 Potosl ....... 14.
100 Caledonia ... 43 100 Sierra N«v .. 31
200 Chollar ' 14 200 Yellow Jacket 22
t 300 Con Va M..1 05 ':~ " '
' CLOSING QUOTATIONS. " \ '
Bld.Ask.i' Bld.Ask.
Alpha ....... 10 11 Justice 03-04
A lta 03 05 Kentuck ." 02 03
Andes 27 29 Lady Wash. .. 02 04
Belcher 26 '.-28 Mexican .....1 10 1 13
Best & BeK.l 25 1 30| Occidental ... 87 90
Bullion ..... 38, 40 Ophlr .....5 62% 5 75
Caledonia ... 43 44 Ophlr- Bruns. . 07 10
Challenge ... 10 \u25a0.\u25a0.lB] Overman .... .11 - 12
Chollar ..... 14 1.-ViPotosl 18 14
Con Va M..1 60 1 65| Savage . . 60 51
Con Imperial — 02 Scorpion . 14 15
Confidence . . ' 77 80| Seg Belcher. . 04 05
Crown Point., 07 . 09j Sierra Nev, .. 30 . 31
Con NY....,— 021 St Louis ....-06 —
E Sierra Nev OS" 05 Silver Hill . . \u25a092 94
Eureka C0n.. 2 '25 — Syndicate : .... 11 —
Exchequer . . 62 < 65( Union Con . . 50 -62
Gould & Cur. 22 23 Utah <W 05
Hale & Norc.l'2o 125 Yellow, Jacket 22 23
Julia ........ :07 09]
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
. Morning Session.-' •
.7000 Adam. ....:.i 04 -200 Mont Tori.blO.2 50
300 Atlanta ..:.. 11 1000 Mnt- Tn.510.2 47%
200 Black Butte. 16 200 Mont Ton ...2 45
500 Blk Btte Ex. 02 600 Mont T0n.. .2 42%
1500 Bullfrog Ex. • 35 1800 Mont Ton . . .2 40
200 Cent Eureka..l 50 1000 N Star, b 30. 50
1000 Conqueror s5 . 13 1300 North Star... 41
800 Dixie .". ..... 10 400 North Star. .. 48
1000 Gold Anchor. 87 500 Ohio Ton.... 25
1000 Gldfld M, b9O 60 500 Orlg Bullfrog. 23
300 Goldfleld Mm 67 4000 Orig Bullfrog. 22
2100 Jim Butler. . 63 3200 Red Top .... 60
600 Jumbo M Co. i 73 2500 Sndetorm, slO 43
' 600 Jumbo Ex ..22 400 Sandstorm ... 43
600 MacNamara.. 36 200 Ton Blmnt.l 42%
1500 Mohawk .... 14 .300 Ton Mldway..l 45
100 Mont Ton .'.2 60j 2CO Ton Mdway.l 42%
400 Mont T0n.. 2 47%|1000 Ton Midway.. l 40
20 Mont T0n,510.2 sB|
Afternoon -Session.
6600 Adams ...... 04| 500 Mont T0n.b30.2 40
400 Atlanta, s 10 12 600 Mnt Tn,510.2 37H
3000 Bullfg N Bk 16 3000 N--T Ton Con .17
1600 Den Blfg. slO 32 1000 Ohio Ton ' 25
1000 Eclipse- .'....'•' 41 600 Orig, Bullfrog. 22
700 Gold Anchor. .87 600 Red Top .... 60
150 Gold ' Bar ...' 23 2100. Red T0p,.... 61
1000 Home ....... 09 5000 Rescue ......' 07
6000 Ipdlana Ton. 01 1000 SriF Bullfrog 17
500 Jim Butler.. 62 1900 St 1ve5...... .14
600 Jim ', Butler.. " 61 '900 Ton Belmont.'.l 40
100 Jumbo M Co. 74 800 Ton Blmnt.l-42%
4500 Jumbo Ex \u0084. 22 2000 Home Con.b3o .OS
1000 Kendall ...:.' ,19 -600 Ton Hme Con 05
2000 N Star, b- 10 '4711000 Ton Hme Con : 07;
700 Mont Ton ..2 40! 300 Ton -Midway.. l 40
4200 Mont T0n.. 2 87%] 200 Midway, b30.1 40
1800 Mont Ton ..2 351/;.'.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah • District.
Bid.Ask.l Bld.Ask.
Belmont ....1 42 1 45. Lucky Tom.. — 05
Belmont Ex..'. — 12 MacNamara.. 34 37
Boston Ton.. <11 U Midway ...:.l 37 l"40
Brgr's JB Ex — 10 Mlzpah Ex .". 11.-: 13
California ... 15 09! Mont T0n... 2 37 240
Cash Boy '\u25a0\u25a0 ... 15 17 Mon ; Pttsburg —. " 18
Colehan ..... — 10 Monitor ..... 02 03
Bula Con ... .— VI7 N:,Y.Ton:Con 17 •18
Gold Anchor. 35 87 North-Star... 46 47
Golden Gate. — ~ 08 Ohio Ton .... 24 26
Gold Mt 1 ...'.- 11 12 Red Rock Etx — "i,; 15
Gold Mt Con — 01 Rescue ..... .06; %C 7
Great W'estrn 03 04 Ton Earten ' V.5 25 600
Ind Tonopah. — ' 01 Ton Hme Con ; 05V.*w7«
Home ...08 09 TonSlVt &Gld als• .—
Jim Butler. ;v 61 62 Ton'of-Nev.l2 76 13/12
J Butler Ex — 1" Virginia . 10 f —
Little Ton ..2 00 250 WeetjEnd ... 95 97
Goldfleld 1 District.' ;
Adams ...... '04 '05 Great Bend.. — 06
Atlanta ..... HA 13 Highland -::.;'—. 20
Aurora ...... '06 09 Jumbo ;M. Co. 73 74
Black Ants..' — 04 Jumbo-Ex t... ;22 , _-28
Black Butte .' \u25a013 : 16 Juno . .'. .:.".. — • '}, 01
Blk Btte \u25a0Ex\u25a0'o2 " , 03 Kendall - . ..'.:.' 18 -' 20
Black Rock.. — 02 Kendall Ex. .•;".— .- 02
Blue Bell ... CO4 i 06 Lone ; Star '-'.:.. 08 09
Blue Bull ... 07 OS Lucky Star .V ' — .04
Brooklyn ;..'. 01 02 Mays Queen .. 15 17
Btte Goldfleld — 33 Mohawk-. ;."... 18 - 15
Bull &- Bear. 02 ,03 Nevada "Boy:". 13 15
Booth . M Co. 06 — Nev ; Goldfleld. .' — '24
CO D .:.... "40 60 Nev'Southern. \u25a0 — 11
Columbia . . . 15 '— Oakes . . ...... A — -10
Columbia Mt 16 18 Oakland ...;.' — 10
"Conqueror 18 15 Oro ......'...".\u25a0 — -
' Diamond . ... — 15 Pennsylvania. 02 \ 03
Dlamondfleld.' 20 24 Red Lion .... — 03
Dmdfld Trngl ."—-.• 10 PotlatchT.r... — ... 08
Dominion ... — 06 Rtd T0p ; .... ; 60 61
Dixie........ 09 I 2 Bed ' Top Kx.~.J 02 ,03
Empire . .".-. .' 05 0C Sandstorm . . .• 41 44
Exploitation. '—'-04 Sandstorm ' Ex '\u25a0' 07 08
Fawn .....'..'; 05 \u25a0•:\u25a0"— Sherman -...".• — 25
Florence ..r. 2 60 400 Silver » Pick.. V\" oB .08
Frisco r . i.'.v. •; , — . " 08| Simmerone .V. ; — /•; 2O
Gold . Dust : . :\u25a0' — 07 St Ives ... . : V- 13 ••.' 14
'GoldxHllli \u25a0;;.\u25a0 — C 4 Treasure .....; 04 ,05
Goldfltld M»n" 66 67 Verde..-....: — 04
-Gld& G Reed — ' 10 Vernal ..:.;.. 03 05
Gldfld Rand: . 05 , 0« Wonder ..... "—" — 02
Goldfleld Ton*— ;.os|.' :ni ,-- \u25a0
V.-*L'--: '< '\u25a0'\u25a0 ~\:~; Bullfrogs District. ~-, ' 'zZwapSk
:. s .-C8 ; 10| Gold- Bar •.:.:; 21. 25
; Amethyst" ... : - —-15 Gldfld^ Bullfrg , —
3Big*Hullfrog. .12 — Llge- Harris.. ,01 ,03
• Bonnie Clare 65 •I — Mont : Bullfrog 01 >03
' Bullf roB > Mm : 47- . 40 Orijc l Bullfrog. ; 21 :\u25a0 '22
Bullfrog Anx 02 : C 4 Pilot - :...;:.. 20 —
Bullfrog . Com ; . 06 /— Sanr Francisco 17 19
•Bullfrog; Ex ."\u25a0•\u25a0£-;\u25a0 S3 v,-J — Shoshone -V.'.'. . — • '10
Blfrg - Bundle. 10 ~— IShoehnf B.Gld — 25
Blfrg Jumper 10 — [Red ' Dog .... 06 13
'Bullfg N:Bk 15-: 16'Stelnway '...• "1* 15
Den Bullfrog 1321 32 \u25a0 i 331 Ventura," : : ". • • H 13
Anx 03 06! Vista .Grande. — 05
' Eclipse .; ; . ~. 39 : <, 40| Wolverine . .."\u25a0 05 10
Other i- Districts.. ..
Brown : Hope. — .14 Paymaster ... 01 . 02
Congress^.... 15 — Ray & O'Brien ,CO ..Oi
'Esperanza -v. — 01 Rocco Hmstk. " 76 ;80
Gold ReerM 15 ' — Rothwoll ...'..— .' :rS
: Gold Quartz. 32 — Silver Peak.. — 1<
. Kawlch & B. — 13 Southwesttxn. — 2 '
Kawich King' — VOl Sylvanla ..... 09 15
Kawch MCo ©0 C9j Tokop Con ... 02 .. —
Llda'Hawk:. — ' .; 50[
: TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. .
Following • were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopoh Mining . Exchange yesterday:
\u25a0 V- 9:30 a.' m. Session. \u25a0
500 Belcher ... . 27| 600 Mont Ton. ..2 57 M
1000 Bl Butte. b3O 17I10CO Mont Ton ...2 50
500 Cent Eureka. 1 50' GOO Mont Ton. ..2 47%
200 Con V a : M . . 1 «>! 300(» Nat Bk, b3O 10
2500 Dixie, s 10.. 10 J COO Nat Bank ... 16
500<> Elsperanza \u25a0~..00 1 412500 Sndstorm. slO 44
200 Goldfleld Mm 53! 100 Sierra Nov ..
500 Jim Butler.. '.I'HIOCO Ton -Mid way.. l 45
200 Mnt Tn,510.2 57%! 7 CO Ton N Star.. 49 i
./.'../ .'.-. 11 .; a. '. ;in. .' Seesion.
2500 Blue ~8u11.530.-08 2000 Red Top, s 10 59
500 Goldfleld . Mm 58 250 Red Top V. . . 60
300 Gold Anchor. 87 250 R«J Top ...... r >?»
1000 Jim Butler.. 65 "200" 200 Sierra Nev ... SO
1000 Jim Uutler.v 64| 2CO Ton Blmnt.l 47%
cOO Mnt Tn.510.2 47% 1500 N Star, b 10 48
,1500 Mont T0n. .2 47% 2000 Ton N Star..^'4S
1200 Mont Ten.. 2 42% 500 West End ... 97
1500 Orig Bullfrog 4 2.i\
, 2 p. m. Session.
300 Belcher ..... 27| 400 Mont Ton ...2 40
500 Con Va M..1 60 1500 Nat Bank ... 10 |
ICOO Dmdfld, a 30 23 1000 Ohio, b 30... 26
2000 Dixie ....... 10 1700 Pa Goldfleld.. OS
200 Goldfleld Mm 6S 2000 Red T0p. .... -60
3000 Hme Con.bSO 00 . 500 Red; Top .;.. 61 !
-1000 Kendall/.;... -20 200 Sierra Nev .. 31
2300 Mont T0n.. 2 42%| 200 Ton Midway.. l 45
200 Mont Tn, «30.2 40| 1000 W End. s 10 Bfl
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Comstocks.
. Bld.Ask.l Bid. Ask.
Alpha.. 10 11 Julia 09 —
Alta ........ — OSljustice ...... — 04
Andes ....... 26 — iKentuck ... .. — 02
Belcher ..... 26- — Lady Wash... — 04
Best &'8*1..l 30 — Mexican .....1 10 115
Bullion ..... 88 — Occidental ... 87 »1
Caledonia ... 44 46 Ophlr .5 50 5 62%
Challenge ... 17 — Overman .... 11 —
Chollar ' 14 — Potosl ....... 18 —
Confidence V. -72 —Savage ......'6O —
Con Va M.'.l 55 — Beg Belcher.. 05 —
Con Imperial \u25a0 — 02 Scorpion \u25a0 .... 13 —
Con NY.... — 01 Sierra N«v .. 29 31
Crown Point. 07 .- OS Sliver Hill . . 92 —
Exchequer ..-52 —St Louis .... — 11
E' Sierra Nev — ~ 04 Union Con ..49 50
Gould & Cur. 21 22 Utah .... 03 05
Hale & Norc.l 20 — Yellow Jacket 23 24
Tonopah District.
Belmont ..1 40 1 47% Midway .....1 35 1 45
California ... 07 — Mlzpah EX .. 10 12
Cash- Boy .. 14 '17 Mont T0n... 2 37% 240
Colehan . — 10 N V Ton Con 20 21
Gold Anchor. 87 — North Star... 46 48
Great Westrn 03% — Ohio — 30
Home 08% 10 Paymaster ... — 02%
Home Con . . — 09 Rescue — OK
Ind Tonopah.oo% 01% S Nev Dev... — 10
Jim Butler.. 60 65 Too Exte« ..6 76 —
Little Ton .. — 3 OOTon of N»v.l2 50 13 25
Lucky Tom.. — 17! United Ton .. — 16
MacNamara.. 86. S7|West End ... — 1 10
. Goldfleld District.
Adams ...... 04 05% Jumbo M Co. TO —
Auatin ...... — 31 Jumbo Ex ... — 25
Black Butte. 12 — Kendall .:... 19 20
Blk Btte Ex. . — 03% Lone Star ... 09 —
Black Rock.. — 03 May Queen '..18 —
Blue Bell. 02 C 5 Mohawk ..... 16 —
Blue 8u11 '...10 \u25a0\u25a0— Nev Goldfleld. 80 40
Brooklyn ... 02 05 Oakes — 10
Columbia Mt 18 — Oro — 05
Diamond .... — , 15 Pa Goldfleld.. 02 03
Dlamondfleld. ;28 — Red Lion.... 02 03
Dixie 00% 10 Red Top 60 61
Frisco ...... — 10 Red Top Ex.. 01 —
Exploitation. — 03 St Ives "13 15
Gldfld G Dst — 07 Sandstorm ... 39 41
Gld& G Heed 11 — Sandstorm Ex 08 —
Gldfld L Star — 08 Silver Pick... 09. 10
Goldfleld Nev 55 — Slmmerone . . 16 25
Great Bend.. 03 — Vernal 05 —
Bullfrog District. , '
Amargosa ... 01 : 03[Llge Harm.. 01 —
Beatty Blfrg — 05 Mont- Bullfrog 01 04
Bullfrog Anx — 06| Orlg Bullfrog. 22 25
Bullfrg Belle — . C7| Shoshon© — 12
Bullfrog Mm — 55! Vista Grande. — .15
Bullfg N Bk 15 17| Wolverine ... — 11
-Eclipse .;... — 45J ,
"^~Other Districts.
Brown Hope.— 10[ Pine ' Grove .. 20 25
Esperanza .- 00% 01| Ray & O'Brien 05 —
Free Gold ..\ — 15| Rothwoll .... — 25
Gold Mt Con — 02 Silver Peak... — 21
Kawich Gold. — 05 Ton Berkeley. — 02
Nev Sunshine 15 — [Ton Gold Mt. 10 15
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17.
Robert and Mary Abram to City and County
of San Francisco, lot on S line of Hayes street,
31:6 E of Franklin, E 30 by S 120; $24,600.'
Same to same, lot on -NW corner of Fell
street and Van Ness avenue, W 384:9, N 275,
E 354 :9, S 275, quitclaim deed ; $1. •
Samuel and Jennie : Schwartz to C. B. Per
kins, lot on S line of Pine street, 188:6 W of
Laguna. W 36:6 by S 137:8; $10.
Annie A. Hill to Emily L.' Squire, lot 'on E
line of Fillmore street, 98 N of Fell, N 2 by E
100; $10.
Mitchell and Minnie Tyson to John J. Me-
E wen,, lot or N line of Green street, 60 W of
Flllmore. W- 30 by N 137:6; $10.
Charles W. and Anna J. Kohl (Lee) to Mar
garet Oberg, lot on N line of Fellotreet, 25 W
of Scott, "W- 25 by N 100; $10.
D. and L.' Cavalier de Croze to Eugeqe Korn,
lot on S W corner of Geary and Scott streets,"
S6sby W 96:6; $10. \
E. 11. and Emma C. Hallett and W. S. and
Vesta Ijf Gee to Annie E. Ferguson, . lot on E
line of First avenue, 226:1*4 N of Carl street,
N 25:1%. E 97:3%. S-25.W 99:1114; $10.
Joseph R. and llortonse Davidson to Hat tie
G. Deahl (wife of John L.), lot on S line of
Washington stret,, 137:6 E of Maple, E 27:6 by
S i 127:8 ">4: $10. . x£3&S£&&a&&*t \u25a0 \u25a0
' Union Trust - Company or San Francisco to
David Lewis and Frederick M. 'Volght, lot on
NW line of Howard street. 165 NE of Thir
teenth. NE 56:2%, NW 110:2%, SW 47:0%.
EE 106:0%; $10.. - , .
John A. Grennan to Daniel Gallegher T. M.
and R. Company, lot on NW line of Folsom
street. 137:6 SW of Twelfth, W 87:6 by NW
137:6; $10. , .1
Agnes B. McClellan and Pearl A. Gould to
W. F. Whlttler. lot on W line of Howard
street, 216 8 of Twentieth. S 135, W 245," N, 65,
E - 100. N 30, E » 6, ' - N 50, " E 140, quitclaim
deed; = $5.'
Homer S. and Lydia W. Bodley to Catherine
A.< Wachhorat, lot on E. line of Cliurch street,
35 N of Fifteenth. N 25 by E 75; $10.
- Rebecca A. Shlpman. to .William H. Walther,
lot on S line of Cumberland street, 205 W : of
Church, W 60 by S 114; $10. y
•- Adolph C. AVeber" to George L. Huchsinger
and W. S. Keyes, - lot \u25a0. on E line of Shotwell
street, ' 90 ' N of Twenty- fourth, N 22 by E
IC6; $10.
.Mission Home and Loan Association to Harry
F. ; Grady, : : lot on NE corner, of Day and Noe
street, EBO by N 28; $10. ; \u25a0 i
Evelyn E.! and' Celestlne R. Preston to Jacob
Welssbeln, lot on N'llne of Twenty-sixth street,
210 E of Castro.; ECO by N 114; $10. .
. '. Lorenzina and Francesco Anastasia ' to Gae
tano and Gluseppa Ingrassla, lot on N line of
Alta street, 113 :«W of Montgomery, W 24 by
N-68; $10. \u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0»\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 v \u25a0\u25a0/ - - ' \u25a0 ' " \u25a0
John Brlckell Company to Louis T. Samuels,
lot on N line of California atreft, 139:5 W or
Kearny; W 66 by N 137:6; $10. :
.Richard ana Mary A. Williams to Antonio
and Mary Semenza and Angela Flllpelll, lot on
N line of Filbert street, 122 : 6 Eof {ones, E
20 by ; N CO; $4000. . .\u25a0-.'. > .. ,
\u25a0 Jacob and ; Katherlne •'. Oblemutz to Giovanni
and-Giovcnna Flgone,'. lot on \u25a0 N line of Filbert
street' 102:0 E of.Jones.E 20 by N 60; $10.
. •- E. - D.'- Black \u25a0•.: to Louis ''Bartlett '. and George
J" G MaVslly.lot on'NW line of Folsom street.*
130 SW of Fourth.. SW 75 by NW 80; $10.
- "Samuel,'- Ida," Slgmund and Amelia Strauss
to Eva • M N Pease. - lot ton SB line " of .' Folsom
street '\u25a0 200 NE of Fifth, NE 50 by SE 90; $10.
Charles \u25a0\u25a0 A." . and '\u25a0 Marie Dumont to Andrew
O. and Melissa -L. Thulln. -' lot on SE \u25a0- line ot
Shipley street. 225 S W : of : Fifth. SW 25 by
BE 7fb J $10. \u25a0<<\u25a0-'\u25a0 \u25a0--•'\u25a0 \u25a0'."--\u25a0'•' \u25a0 ': :': '- ' '•\u25a0•- :' . \u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0 v.- :
'...:« James b nd Hannah . Walsh to . Jacob - and
Rachael Melser, loton NE line of Chesley
street 250 NW of Bryant. "NW 25 by NE 80;
$10. '• f -"--:
r Fabian S. Joost to . William F. . Swift, lot on
SW corner of Eighteenth \u25a0 and Potrero streets.
W 100 by Si 100; $10. V '
- Mary E. Nelson' to David : Dillon. . lot on NW
corner of * Twenty-fifth - and Vermont streets.
W 25 by N -' 100; \u25a0 Tlfl "TflWllWlill'i'* TOff~VtihWffi
Jacob Heyman '- Company . and ' John Brickell
Company. to City and County of San Francisco,
lot on N line of Lalie street,- 240 W of Twenty
fourth avenue. -W 35." N 312. W 35. N 258, E
35 N 80 s B-.155-S &>. W-120. SCOO. for ex
tension! of -Twenty-fifth avenue and West: Clay
streets,'? $lr^ :.Z -'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' " , _ \u25a0 . _ - „
•r William J. and . Emma . C. Gunn to Jesse C.
Colman.-, lot ion N line^of \u25a0 : street. ,82 : 6 W
of Ninth avenue. t W, 25 by N' 100; $10
Same- to Eliot G. and Mollie B. , Jackson,
lot on •N i line of A street, 57:6 Wot- Ninth
avenue." W 25 by N, ICO; $10.- , .
\u25a0 Edwin • and ' Helen S. fi Goodall to • Flora rE.
Gladding V block '\u25a0 bounded ,by : M and : N < streets."
N • Fortieth \ and ; Forty-first avenues : ; $10. \u25a0-, -. .
. Metropolitan Improvement Company to Park
side Company, ,.lof: on : 8 line- of Q
street -v1 52-6 -W ' ot .! Fourteenth . avenue,' :S r.ta
point ' 146:7.8: 0f iS 'streets thence 13.89 chains
NF to Q street -' -Wj to i beginning:. <exceptln«
lot ; on -W.i line iof Tenth i avenue.- 100 : S . of Q
«*wt --'s 25 by .W-120. 'embracing ontslde ; land&
blortSilOSS to 1040. :.UOB to 1116:< $10. '-\u0084,,,
•WillettC' .'Johnson "to, ' Benjamin \u25a0 \;: and
Carrie Brilliant., lot on E llne r of Thirty-eighth
\u25a0avpnue°22s Sof.R street. S>nO .by :E;l2o: $10.
* Carlos Trover : to B. •"; Troyer. lot on
- "E Vllne ?of * Eighteenth \u25a0-. avenue. .185^ \S' of R
strpet <* 25 >, by :? E ; 120; '•- also lot s on , E line of
Twenty-first f avenue,, 22s ; N.'of : lC; street, :N. 25
1 by E l**o* r srift rv - \ r \u25a0 > - - -\u25a0
' =• Bernh'ard and Role Getx to^earah B. : Hoi ton^
\u25a0 lot on'' N- line of TJistreet; 32:C-W.of Forty-sec-:
; ond°avenue;<W>6o by. N~100::$10.- ,- \u0084 - . .
! 'Thomas Ll* and Catherine F.HIII to Solomon
Getz :lot'on'Eiline(of JForty-flfth avenue, 200
1 S' of iTJ^ street.' S 25 by.E 12(5: $10. . • - - \u0084- -,
1 ' Estate of J Josei>h \u2666J. iTbpllft J (by/ 8 . . L. - Carr
and Eben - White,- "executors) ;: to .Minerva « C.^
• ToDllff. lot 'on N'llne of Axteo- itreet, . 175 W
CARNEGIE TALKS
FOR WAR'S END
Woiild Have France, England
and America Combine to
Maintain Peace "of World
SPEAKS IN SCOTLAND
He Delivers Address When
Installed as Lord Kector
at St. Andrews University
ST. ANDREWS. Scotland, Oct. 17.—
Never before have so many distinguished
Americans directly participated in cere
monies connected with the inauguration
of the rector of a British university as
took part . in to-day's functions at St.
Andrews when Andrew Carnegie was in
stalled as Lord Rector for a second
term. "WhitelaV Reid, the American Em
bassador at London; Charlemagne Tower,
American Embassador at Berlin; Bishop
Henry C. Potter of New York and Dr.
William J7 Holland, dean of the Car
negie Museum at Plttsburg. occupied
seats the platform and had conferred
on them . the honorary degree of doctor
of laws . which also was bestowed on
Dr. Nicholas Murray Butler, president of
Columbia University, New York, in ab
sentia.
The hail was crowded with scarlet
gowned undergraduates of both sexes
and the male students enlivened the pro
ceedings with the usual amount of chaff
and songs. The entrance .of Carnegie
was the signal for an outburst of enthu
siasm. *
In his rectoral address Carnegie ex
pressed th« opinion that five nations, or
even three, banded together in a league
of peace and inviting all other nations to
join them, could banish all war in the
future. In outlining the plan for the
league of peace, Carnegie said:
If tho prlnlcapl European nations were not
free through conscription from th. problem
which now disturb, the military authorities of
Britain. . the lack of sufficient number, willing
to enter the man-slaylns profession, w. should
soon hear the demand for a League of Peace
among- the nations. Five nation* co-operated
In quelling the recent Chinese disorder, and.
rescuing their representatives In Peking. It Is
perfectly clear that these five nations could
banish war. Suppose even three of them
formed a league of peace. Inviting all th*
other nation* to Join, and agreed that slnca
war In any part of the civilized world affects
all nations, and often seriously, that no nation
shall go to war,"" but shall refer International
disputes to The Hague conference or to other
bodies for peaceful settlement, the league
agreeing to declare . non-Intercourse with any
nation refusing compliance.
Imagine a nation cut oft to-day from the
world. Tbe league also might reserve to Itself
the right, where non-Intercourse Is likely to
fall or haa failed to prevent .war, to us* th«
necessary force to maintain peace, each mem
ber of the league - agreeing to provide the
needed forces, or money In ; lieu thereof, m
proportion to her population or wealth.*
The relations between Great Britain, France
and the United States to-day are so close,
their aims so similar, their territories and
fields of operations ,s o clearly defined and so
different that these powers might properly
unite in Jnvlting other nations to consider tbe
question of such a league as has been sketched.
It Is a subject well worthy the attention of
their rulers. Of all the modes of hastening
the end of war . this appears the easiest and
the beet. We have no reasonable doubt tha;
arbitration In its present optional form will
continue Its rapid progress and that In itself
contains elements required finally, to lead us
to peace, for It conquers - wherever It- Is tried,
but It Is. none the less gratifying- to know
that there is In reserve a drastic mode of
enforcement. If needed, which will promptly
banish war.
\u25a0 A new stain has recently crept Into th« rules
of war as foul as any that war has been
forced by public sentiment to discard. To-day
It In 'held that a formal declaration of war
•Is not Indispensable and that war can exist
without It. Here 1. the only step backward
to be met with In the steady progress of modi
fying, the rules of war.
CONFISCATED GOLD DUST RETURNED.
Five and a half pounds of gold dust, valued at
$1250. consigned from Leon Derelns at Bacoa
cbl, Mexico. -to Loatza & Co. of this city, and
seized as smuggled metal t>y the customs au
thorities several \u25a0 months ago, was returned to
Loalza & Co. by order of the Secretary of the
Treasury. It appeared that gold dust Is used
as money In Bacoachi . and that Derelns had
sent It to Loalza & Co. as money to pay an In
debtedness.
of California . avenue, W' 50 by N 70, lots 72
and 74, gift map 3; $SOO.
T. B Potter Realty Company to Jamea Don
ovan, lot 18. block 23, Reis Tract; grant. 1
J. T. Fleming to E. P. Levy, property de
scribed in deeda of H. H. Ljron* to J. T.
Fleming and Eugene L. Sullivan (grantee) to
J: T. Fleming (grantor): $1.
Jacob Heyman Company to Leopold Wein
steln lot -on *E line of Eighth street. 78
NW of B. NW 150 by NE 100. block 150. South
San Francisco Homestead and Railroad Asso
ciation; 510.
Catharine and Herman Buego to same. lot
SW line of Glrard street. 200 NW or Dwlght.
NW 60 by SW. 120, block 9, University Home
stead' $10. ' \u25a0' «
James Bole to Phillip and Bridget O'Malley.
lot on N line of Broad street. 219:8 B of Ply
mouth. E 75 by • N 125,- block K. - Railroad
Homestead Association 2: $10. ,
Henry C. Squire to Emily U. Squlr*. lota 341
and 243. gift map 1; $10.
Wilhelmina Zimmerman to Edward Harria,
undivided half of lota 811 and 812, gift* map
-Virginia and Lulgl Ferea to G. Gnecco. lot
on NW line of San Jose avenue, 1534.33 NE
of Jarwtc street. NE 100. NW 47:10. SW to
point opposite beginning. SB 67:10%, lot 1.
block 1. Belle Roche City; $10.
Mary A. O. ißlakei Blake to Alfred D. Bowen..
lots 555 to 358. gift map 4; $10. -
S " Ducas Company (a corporation) to Antonio
Satarlano. lot on. 8 -line of Besole avenue. 80
W of Fols6m street. W 25 by S 75. lot 23. Dv-
Ca lopble Fa*l ' to Loutee Mattner. lot* 1000
to 1003. gift .map 2; $10. \u2666
Bnllden' Contracts.
\u25a0Wv H. Little . (owner) with George R. Lang
(contractor), architects O'Brien St Werner — Al
terations and additions to building oa 3 lln«
of Market street. 209 Market: $2315. -c--'
RAILWAY TRAYEjL.
\u25a0^^ To SAN RAFAEL.
Ross valley;
MILL VALLEY
Via Sanaallto Ferrr.
SUBURBAN SJSK viv;E. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart week 'days and Sundays at 7:00 (ex-
cept Sunday). ?:43, 8:25. 9:10. 9:50. . ll:0o 1
nt: 12:20. 1:46. 3:15. 4:85. 5:15. 5:50. 6:30:
7^5 »:00, .10:15 and 'll:3s p. m.
For Fairfax, ' week days^-7 :45 a. '-in.. 3:15. v
m. . (Saturdays only).. 5:15 p. m. dally except
Saturday and Sunday; Sundays and holiday*—
7-45 9:10k 11:00 a. m.. 1:45 p.; m.
\u25a0 V THROUGH TRAINS. •
-7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way «tatlons.
8:15 p. m. . Saturdays only— For Cazadero.
etc. |"Vp^R|fMMf>9 B^ > 4BMMHM*Vv | jis
p. m. dally. (except Saturday and, Su-
nday) — For Point Reyes, etc. -,: \u25a0
TICKET OFFICE— 6SO Market st. : m
: -FERRY —^Unlon Depot, foot of Market »t. w
SANTA -FE TRAINS :-': -' \
1 :S0 a. m. 1 For Stockton. Merced. Freeno. Han-
, • ford.-' Vlsalla, : Bakersfleld and in-
B'OOp.ni. - terniedlate points. *l
, ' California * Limited. 3 days to CW-
9:30 a.m. • • cago,'.- Mondays 5 and Thursdays.
Direct connection to Grand Canyon.
\ .' Valley ' Limited, for Stockton, - Mer-
V \u25a0-- \u25a0 : \u25a0 ced,- Fresno, . Hanford. .Visalla and
9:30 a.m. '. Bakertfleld ' and . points on the Sl-
- : .'"•: erra Railway.
• :00 p. m. I For \u25a0 L Stockton .- and Intermediate
\u25a0 " --. > points. " -V _
- ' Overland . Express. . for. Chicago.
8:00 p.m. Kansas City. Denver and Grand
Ticket Offlces--653 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Fran7lsco: also 112 Broadway. Oak-
: land, ; Cal. ; also 27 South First. San Jong.
Mt^Tamalpais Railway
Leave S. F. 9:50 A M 1:45 p M
giSSa&ißa Arrive S. F. 10:4; a m 2:55, 6:0^ pm
iHt^SSW . SATIHUIIT 051T
Lv. S.F. 4:35 PM Ar. S. F. 11:25 pm
SDSDIT3 153 LKIL HOUDIIS
\u25a0 Ly S.F. 8:25,9:50,11:00 am 1.45pm
\u25a0^f :..; Ar. S. F. 1:30, 2:55, 4:'i3, 6:22 pm
tICIIT t 650 Market ST.',(North Shore Railroad) •
' OJFICIS l and Sausalito Fexxy. Foot Market St.
RAILWAY ITRAVEI^^
„ , ._-- — ~~- "ifa^-
\u25a0^___^- Trains leave and are (lv«?
y^yTH^iv to nrriTO at
ffl^Mfa SAN FKAXCISCO.
I yJ'Jiiffil'V j Fkom Octosm 8. 1905.
- (Foot of Market Street)
iiav»- MAIN LINE. -areit»
" 7.COA K!in!ra.VacovHlc. Winters. Kum»ey 7-43 i» .
7.00 a Klchmond. I'enlel*. Sacramento,
Suisan and "Way Stations 7-28P
7.4oa Vallojo, Xapa. CiUlstoga. Santa
i:o»a, Martinez. San Bamon B.oB*
7-43AXlle», Fieasanton. Llveriaore, „
Tracy, Lathrop, Slookton 7.Z3J»
e.COAShss:* Exprcus— (Via l>aTls).
\u25a0Williams. V.'islows, tFrnto, Kcl
BTpff. Portland. Tucoma, Seattle 7-48*
8-COaDkvU, Woodland. KnishU LaaUtnz,
Marysrllle. orovlllc 7-48P
B.2oa Martinez. Antiach, Byron. Tracy,
Stockton. Newman, Los Banos.
Mrnilau. Arrannn, II an ford, . 4 pgp,
YUitllo. Porterville 1 AAtta
8.20 a Port Costa, Lathrop. Merced. Mo- ' *'*"
dcKto, Fresno. Haaford, Vlsalla, a
Bakenfleia 4.48»»
8 40a N lies, San Jose. JLlvennore, S toclc- .
ton (t-MUton). Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, PlacerTllle,
Colf«x. JlarjsvUle. Red 81uff.... 4.08P
B.4oa Oskdale. Chinese. Jamestown,
Sonnra. Tuolumne and AnK<*ls..» *-S? p
9.00 A Atlnntlc Express— Ogden and East. 4.28P
940a Richmond, Port Counw Martlne* _.1 _
and "Way Stations (tConcord) .... §-*»p» p
1020 A Vallejo, Dally. Xapa. Sanday only 7.43»>
1 o.2oa Los Angele* Passcnjrer — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy,
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced,
ltarmond. Fresno, Go«hcn Junc-
tion, Hanford. Lesaoore. VUalla,
Balcergfleld. Los Angeles fJiaP
10.20AE1 Paso. Kansas City, St. Louis and
Chicago... 7.08P
11.00AThe Overland Limited— Omaha,
Chlcxß", Denver. Kansas City... 6.48P
11.40aKUcs, San Jono and W«y Btatlons. 2.48)^
JI-OOpßacramento River Steamers Tll-OC^Vi
3.2oPPort Conta, Martinez,Byron.Tracy, • r^
Modesto, Merced, Fresno IZ.OB<*
3-20PYosemlte and Marlpor* BJbt Trees.
Monday, "Wednesday and Friday 848 a
3.4oPBenlcla, "Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland. Knights Landla& "
Marytville and OrovM* t0.43-%
3.4flpnayward, Nllei, and W»y Stations 7^8««
4-QOPVallejo, Martinez, San Ramon, _
Jfapa, CallJtoea. BanU Ro»a .f-2?*
4.OOPXUes. Tracy. Stockton, L0dL.... .. 1 i 23 a "
4.4oPHayward, NUei. Irvlngtoa, Sant t5-4§A
Joie, Llvermoro I ti 1.43 a
6-00PThe Owl Limited— Sewman, Loa
Banoi. Me ndot», Fresno, Tolaxe,
. Bakerafleld. Los Anzele* 8-+3 A
B. OOP Chicago and St. Louis Special— El
Paao. Kansas City. St. Lonis aad
Cnicazo \u0084... 348 a
t6.2opHaywsrd.3i lies and S»aJo«a 7.08 a
6.20p Vallejo, Port Costa, Benlda, Bu> '
son, Sacramento... 11.23 a
8- OOp Eastern Express— Omaha, Chleajro,
Denver. Kansas City, St. Louis,
Martinez, Stockton. Bacramento,
Reno, Sparks. Montello. Ogdea .. 1 2.43*
S-20P H»y ward. NUes and San Jo*s ...... 9.48 a
/.OOPReno PasienKer— Port Costa, Bo-
nlcia, Snlson, Elmlra, Dlxon.
Davis. Sacramento. Sparks, Tono-
p»h, Goldneld and Keeler 7 -03 a
7.oopValleJo, Crockett and Way Sty
tlont. Sunday only 11.23 a
8-20POregon * California Bzprets— Bao-
ramento, MarysvUle, Beddlns;
Portland. Pnget Sound and Bait. 8.4& A
B.OOP Hay ward, Klles and San Jose (San-
day 0n1y),.,.... tH-43»
B.lsa Newark, Centervllle, San Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creek. Santa
Cruz and TTay Station* S-53*
t2.lspNewark, Centervllle. Saa Jose,
ITew Almnden. Los Gatos, Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way 5Ut1t^8j8^........ tlO.5§A
4.lBpKeirark, San Jo»e, L00T« .... \
8-4SpHaaters Train— (Saturday only)
Ban Jose and Way Stations t7J *¥&*'
COAST LINE (Uroaa w»wtv4)J£-
XT (Third and lownsend Streeu.)
6.10 a San Jose and Way Stutlons. 8.30P
/^OASan Jose and Way Stations 5-40P
B.ooa Xew Almaden (Tues., Frt., only).. 4-10P
8410a Tho Coaster— San Jose. Salinas.
San Ardo. Paso Robles, Santa
Margarita. San Lula Obtepo,
Gnadalnpe. Gaviota, Santa Bar-
bara. San Buenaventura, Oxnard,
Barbank, Los Angeles 10-30*
B.QoAGl!roy, HoUister. Pajaro. Castro- ..
vllle, Del Monte, Pacific Grove,
Surf. Lomooc 10-30p
9.ooa San Jose, Tres Plnos. Watsonvllle, ,;*MB|
Capttola, Santa Cruz. Pacific
Grove. Salinas. Ssn Lais Obtspo
and Principal Way Stations " 4.10P
10-30 A Saa Jose and Way Stations 1 .20?
11. 30 a San Jose and Way Stations 7-40P
2.1 5 p San Jose and Way 5tati0n5 ......... 8.36 a
3-OOPDeI Monte Express— Santa Clara, ,
San Jose. Watsonvliir. Sauta ,
: Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey
Pacific Grove :.... 12.15**
t3.COPLo« Gatos. Wright. Boulder Creet.
Santa Craz. vis Santa Clara and
Harrow Gan^e..... :.. 10.45 a
3-30PSonth San Francisco. San Jose,
GUroy, Holltster, Tres P1n05..... 10.45 a "
4.30P San Jose and Way Stations +7. 55 a
tS-OOPSanta Clara, San Jose. Los Gatos, *9.00 a
{5. 30p?aa Joie and Principal Way Stations {9.40 A
5-45PSanaet Express — Redwood, Saa
Jose. Gllroy, Salinas, Paso
Robles, San Luis Oblspo. Smnta
. ' Barbara," Los Anpeles, Dcmisg;
El Paso, Sew Orleans . 9.10 a
6.45 P El Paso, Kansas City, St. Lonis.
Chicago 9.10 a
6.4sPPaJaro. Watsonvllle. Capltola,
Santa Craz. Castrovllle, Del
Monte. Pacific Grove 10-30 i»
tfi.lsPSan Mateo, Beresford, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto fB.4SA -
B.3opSan Jose aad W»y Stations..... ... 6-38 a
8-OOpPalo Alto sad Way Stations 10.15 a
1 I^Dp? juth San Francisco, MUlbrae.Bnr-
lln^ame, San Mateo, Betmons,
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks. •*'*'*
Menlo Park and Palo Alto %A r 'f\
11.30pSaturdays only for Mayfleld. Moon- a* <A.
Uln View, Sunnyvale. Lawrence, •'"
Santa Clara aad San Jose t9-48p
OAKLANO_HARBOR FERRY
< toot of Market St.>
f 7.15 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
- 1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. 5.15 p.m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. "
fSunday excepted. tSanday only.
AMonday only.
JDally, and stops at an stations on Sanday.
CALIfOHNIA NOHTWESTEBN El. Ca
Tlbnroa Ferry. Foot of 3lark«t Street,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAT 3-7:30, 9:00 a. m.: 12:33. 3:30.
3:10. 6:80 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S :OO. 9:30 a> m.; 12:33. 3:30. 5:10.
6:30 p. m. *.
SAN R4FAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAT&— 6:OS. T:B3. T:3O. »:20 a. m.j
12:30. 3:40, 3:00. 3:20 p. in." "
SUNDAYS- 6:C5. 8:00. 8:16, 9:40 «. ra.; 8:40.
4:SO. 0:00. 5:20. 6:30 p. m. _^_^
Leave I 'In Effect J Arrtva
San Fran. ) Oct. 8. 1908. | Baa TrUL
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I W»eU
Days. Idaya. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a ' ' 9:10 a 9:40 %
9:00 a 9:30 a Ignacta. 10:40 a 10 : M a
8:30 p 3:SOp • 6:00 p 6:20 9
5:10p S:10p '\u25a0 7:30 p{
9:00 a! 9:30 al \u25a0 Napa I 9: i2*l 2 : i2*
6:10 p| 5:10 pi I 6:20 p| 6:20 a
1-30 a 0:10 a 9:40 a
8:00 a Norato. 10:40 a 10:25 •
8:30p 9:30 a Petalum* 6:05 p 6;2O»
8:10 p 3:30 p and T:S5p .. SS.
5:10 p Santa Roaa. W'
7.30. 10:40 a 10:25*
8:00 a miton 7:30 p 6:20 »
3:30 p 3:30 p - - \u25a0 \u25a0
Windsor .
7-80 a 8:00 a Hleadstrarg 10:40 a 10:25 a
" - Lytton
8-30 p 3:30p GeyservlUa 7:30 p 6;20»
j - \u25a0 Cloverdale .' \u25a0
7-30 a! 8:09 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:25 a
3:30 p|3:3op{ and X^itah \ 7:30 p( 0:20 9
~ j I Wllllts and T~ T"
7 :30 a| 8:00 a| Sherwood 1 7:30 p| 6:20 g
7-30 al 8:00 al " 110:40 a! 10:23 a
' 8:30 pf 3:30 p{ Gt»erncvlll» I 7:30 p( 6:20 9
7-30 a| 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
3:10 p| 5:10 p(: Glen Ellen 1 6:00 pt 6:20 9
7-30 at 8:00 a) "~ Z ~~' 110:40 a 10:23*
3-30 p{ 3:3ovr Sebastopol 7:30p 6^lo 9
5:10 Pi 5:10 PI \u25a0 \
STAGES connect at Green Bra* - for Saa
Quentin- at Santa ' Rosa for White Sulphur
EDringa - ~nd Mark West Springs: -at Lytton
for Lytton Spring*: at GeyserviMe for:Ska«ss
ScrinKS- at Cloverdale for the Ce/sers. Boon-
vil'e and Green wood;, at Hopland for Duncan
SDrlnKSv '= HUhland Sprint*. KetseyvlUe. Carls-
,bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakepo-t. _ Barttett
SnrlnOT and Lake County Hot.Sprinjcs: at Uklaii
for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Sprtn*s, Blu«
likes Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Spring, '- Up-
per Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Llerly^s. Hullville. Orr-« Hot_ Springs. . Half-
;„ House. Coniptche. Hopkins. Mendoctno
\u25a0 Cltv Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal: at Wil- .
lits for Hearst and Sawyera:at Sherwood for
Fort Bragg. Canto; Covslo.^ LaytonTtlle. Cirm-
m°ngs7"eirs Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruit-
land. Dyer, Gar berville. Camp 5. Pepperwood.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip- tickets at
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
tseyond San Rafael "at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market st.. Chronicle build-
lB JAS. AGLER. R- X. RYAN. X.
C»n. MaragT. - Owi:P»w. Ar. l^
THE WEEKLY CALLCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY- OF THE MARKETS.
Wall-street Stocks shozv little. variation: Cotton weak.
Quiet and featureless trading on the local stock exchanges.
Ac/ much change in Silver or Exdumge.
Grain markets exhibit no new features.
Hay ay.d Feedstuff s steady to firm. Beans more settled. >
Butter, Cheese and Eggs firm, with moderate sitpplies. -\
Dried Fruits and Honey quiet. Raisins firm.
Local dealers selling Hams off slightly.
Hops continue to develop firmness. Wool steady. Hides firm.
*ot much change in Live or Dressed Meats.
Refined Sugar advanced .15c again.
Poultry -:cell cleaned up. Game declvicd sltarply.
Potatoes quiet, with heavy stocks. Onions in demand and firm.
Delayed boats hamper the Fresh Fruit market.
Tlie Hop Market.
Ko^ te a * a e-d vices from New York say" of
"Biwirsces cor.tSrnicd fairly r.ctive and prices
*ere we!| :r.alr.tAined. Recently some inter
. • ets !n thx> marktt have "bnpn making short
sales to brewers of supplies for future de
ii\.<»iy et bt'.ow rulir>s r.-trket quot&Uoas; the
r.rrr.nfss that has dcv«Joped during the Itst
v.-eek has caused thes* Snt^rest* to withdraw
»s Kellers from tlit market. Advices from up
the State reported that fair eaiw were belcff
made at 15c for ordir.ary grades up to 20c for
choice. The advices received from the coast
reported moderate ealee at from 10c for onli-
BMXT up to 13c for choicf. It is stated that
II is becoming difficult lo buy at quoted prices,
erowers hcldirg for an advance."
The WeiUher and Crop*.
The weekly rei>ort of A. G. McAdie. section
director of the climate and crop service of
U-e Weather Bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
Dry end generally clear weather prevailed
curias the week. In the Interior of the State
conditions were favorabie for raisin raaklnn
«r.Q fruit drying. Good prepress has been
-»a<Je In both dirt-ctior.s and the second crop
of raisins is nearly out of car.ger. In the
touthern r*rt ct the Statt and also in the
:.urthern orange belt conditions have been Ideal
:>r developing citrus fruits. Tfcet>e are ail la
\u25a0 xcellent condition and there is a promis* of
\u25a0K-ry large crepp of firtt-class fruits.'
Larp*- thipments ot table grapes continue
;.:.dthe apple. !ate peer an 3 quince crops art
•-urolax in racely. The apple yield Is gen
trally htavy ar.d or eo>d quality. The season
! if- been a eood one icr beans and a ver>
. :ge crop has- resulted, moat of the .-crop be
li s already harvested. The walnut crop I*
1 test two weeks late, but will be one of good
\u0084 'ality and fair yield. The yield of honey
.:- larger than that of last season. Ollvee are
In fine condition. -^
. lowing and seeding are progressing in the
J£if hern part of the State. The absence of
\u25a0^^ is causing seine anxiety among stockmen.
Tj •re is, however, a large supply of hay on
h* :.6.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.— The weather trot
<J-> and clear during the past week, •" with
i' ir.peratureE slightly above normal. These
«.- nditions were very favorable lor grapes and
!»"sn« and fruit <drying. L>arge shipments of
Tokay crapes continue from the American
River district. Fruit drying Is nearly com
tleted. Citrus fruits are well advanced and
promise good crops. The absence of rain is
causing' some anxiety among stockmen and
wheat growers. Range feed Is poor, but stock
U healthy and in eood condition. Fall plow
ing and dry seeding are In progress. Th* ap
ple crcp will be lan?e and of good quality.
COAST AND 3AY SECTIONS.— CIeai
weather, with warm days and cool nights pre
velled during the past week. Light frosts
occurred tn some sections, but caused no dara
ajre. In Humboldt CountS' the ehowers of last
wrfk starud the gra.ss and put the land in
Ko^d condition for p'.owing. Farm work is
backward in other counties owing to the lack
of ralr.. Apples are of excellent quality and
the crcp le large. Grape picking Is finished
in the small vineyards but continues In . the
ianf« ones. Zinr&ridel bunches have many
dried berries on them and the yield .will be
ehort: otter varieties are good. Apple drying
continues. Wainilts are being gathered. The
bfe&n harvest is n<?ariyvcompleted. The bean
crop In th« vicinity of San Luis Obtspo Is large
and the rjross are of good quality. Dry feed
Is becoming scarce In the southern counties
and stock is not doing well. Plowing is pro
t.-essing lr. the northern counties.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.— CIear and pleas
tint weather prevailed during the past week.
High rorth winds prevailed on the Bth and
Jtth In the northern portion of the valley, but
ctused no damage. The first crop of rait ins
b b*lnr hauled to the packing houses as fast
*s it can be handled, and large shipments are
l-flng forwards! to Eastern markets. The crop
la fair ar.d the quality Is good. The second
crop of rais:ns is ready for the sweat boxes.
Al:«Ifa threshing continues: the yield and
\ itftjr sre good. Hay is being shipped freely
A • Franrisco and Oakland, and larffe sh!p
n? :s of potato<E are being made to Southern
'"siiforcia, Arizona and Texas. Dry feed is
goad and stock in h^aithy and in gt»d con
dition. Dry plowing and aeedlng have com
sner.ced. Hay baling continues. Olives and
< ;trus fruits premise larce crops.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— CIear and
v;,rn weather prevailed the first part of th»
v."<k and cltiudy end cooler weather the lat
:t part. Fruit drying, raisin making and
l--an harvesting are l'rogresKlng raptily. Citrus
fruits are in excellent condition and promise
!;:rKe crops. Irrigation continues withr-a good
of water. The walnut crop is generally
>•. Food quality, but Is about two weeks later
tl an last yar. The apple, pear and quince
<:(r>¥*ere much larger than last year. Late
aj-ples and penrf are being gathered and ship
ments are very satisfactory. The honey crop
it larger than that of last season and the
quality is excellent. A large crop of beans is
\f-lnz harvested.
EUREKA SUMMARY.— The weather the
jaft week was generally favorab'.e. Grass is
risking slow growth. More rain is needed
Apples end pear 6 are beir.g marketed in.larg*
1 uartltien. Fall plowing Is progressing.
' L£>* ANGELES SUMMARY.— Farm work is
r-nfrally at a Ftv.flrtlll awaiting rain. Threeh
n« Is about finished. Bean threshing con
1 nues- will be finished in about two week»
us!cm' rain comes; the yield is generally
bearr ar.d the quality good. ; :~. ':";;
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 " '
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
YEW YORK. Oct. 17. — Close: Money on call
— Steafly. 4^65H P«r cent; closing bid, 4VS:
C Time loans—Firm. Stxty days, 6V4C5V6 per
c*T.t: ninety days, C5?5V4 per cent; «U months,
4^,!5'-5 uer cent.
Trtrae mercantile paper — W?SV4 per cent.
Sterling «xchar>£»—Slrorir. with actual busl
re%« in bankers' bills at $4.86t5@4.8C30 for
dl|.4n«! and at $i.8210®4.5245 for sixty-day
Posted rates— s4 S3 ana $4 86Mi#4 87.
Commercial bills— s* S2S4 82V4
nar silver — C2Hc.
Mexican dollars — f7t;c.
Oc^'eniiiicnt and railroad bonds— lrregular.
%>w York Stock Market.
KKW TORK. Oct. 17.— An Increased cupply
of loanable funds which appeared la the cail
lean market this morr.lng started the profes
'eicral curators to buyir.g stocks. The rate
for call loans recovered later In the rtay and
stocks bouefct earlier were sold out. The re
sult wa.» a considerable Increase In the ac
tK-ity la the- market over that of yesterday
and on several preceding days. The day's
" market fnforc?<3 the opinion that a large wait
ing rpeculction Is rcrtrnlned from entering
tJi« market only by the exi«en<;le« of the money
situation. The Urge supp'.y of funds early In
the day at Ii per ctr.t was offered by banker*
closely connected vrlth the flotation of the
Japanet* loan. This led to the inference that
the procen&e of tho rubscrlptlonp j>ald on Mun
diy were betr.R r*-pificed la the money market.
Wfcen this supply had been absorbed rates
ro»e acaiu to n».*r the prevailing; rate of yes
terday. Sterling exchange rose vigorously and
the »nppoK!tlon that preparotlcns fcr the re
ir.Utanc« of the Japanese fund* were a factor
in ihe exefcanffe market cauee<l a feeling of
distrust of u-e easinc fffect caused by the
placincr \u25a0ol tbexe funds In cell loans which pre
sumably "would be ' only temporary- Reports
\u25a0were current ai»o of maturities of the fall
poods on very laree sterling loans which had
to be covered In the exchange market. Cotton
and erain bills continued »care« In the mar
ket go tfcis extra demand U effective in run
nine up the rate toward the sold export point.
tioKJ was mat ktd up- further in the London
rr^irltet and «he open market discount rate.
there rosr fairly above the bank rale. Ster
ans; exchange j>?covered a fraction at Paris,
but continued downward at Berlin, tte din
count rate at the latter point, however, yield
ing a shade. Heavy retrenchment was shown
by tbc Imperial Bank of Germany's weekly
statement. Rates for time money In New
York were etrong and the bid tor sixty-day
lr*pi was advanced to sli p*r cent, with the
£#**>\u25a0 x r*s* > *t 6»» per cent. There were no
funlier tran«fer* . of currency to the South
through the ti-.b-treamiry, while from San
I'rwic:*o« there were additional large receipts
throueh - t1.1.1 Institution. There was some
epeculatKe discusnipn of the probability of the
interior demand ior curreno 1 being: EatlcSed.
but tils rerort <Slfl not receive much count*- ;
fe*oe la teUOss circles. During tbe upward i
movement of price* the coalers' continued con
spicuous and th« high-priced members of the
Croup made new high records. Beyond the
Keneral prosperity in that Industry there was
no news to explain the movement, which was
attributed largely to speculative operations,
Ths meeting being held fn this city of organ
isations on the «teel trade to consider ad
vances In the price of different lines of nn
i£h*d oroducts cave a flrm tone to the steel
j industrials. The Republic Steel stocks were
I helped in addition by gossip regarding the
: probable dividend action at to-morrow's meet
lag. The announcements of the entry of
United States Steel and General Electric in
terests Into the American Locomotive direct
crate was taken to explain the previous ad
vance in that stock. The coming meetlnc of
the Amalgamated Copper directors for action
on the dldidend gave occasion for a specula
tive movement In that 6tock. A downward
plunge in Chicago Subway on the curb was an
incident of the day. The day's net movement
was inconclusive and the closing tone was easy
and at small losses as a rule.
Bonds were Irregular. Total sales, par value,
f3.060.000.
United States 2s and the new 4s registered
declined i, and the new 4s coupon- advanced '
Vi »er cent on call. . ,
.>>« York Stock List.
E. F. Hutton & Co., 490 California street.
San Francisco, members of the New York '
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official ,
quotations ot thct Exchange: --
Sales.j STOCKS. |Htgh;Low.l Bid.l Ask.
|Adams Express ! [\ |2GO |250 '
.-. lAllis Chalmers..! JTv-.-l 17V41 ISVi
71,8w,Amal Copper ..| &G% \HH /I bo*sl so!*
200,Aint;r Beet Sugarj 24',,! 24^1 23 J *J6Vi ;
....... .| Do pfd I I b2 j Jf4
100, Amer Can Co ..ill | 10T»| lo»i| 11
4<X>l Do pfd f 71>if 70Vt| 70Vi 71
t>ol>|Amer C & F Co| 3S^| 37*i| 37Vi] 37%
* «00| Do pfd ;luoV«iliw i W&iluOVi
k . lpWiAmer Cotton OU 31>i| 31%| 30% 31 Vi
... — i Do p:d J. j.1...| y» 100
.'.|Am Dist Tel . j | 33 | 30
I Amer Express j ,222 227
500, Am Grass T Co 7V>| 7 7 | 7V4
40yjAm H & L I 6%| G%\ 6%| 6%
2.000, Do pfd 33 132 . '32%| 32%
.(Am Linseed j 17 Vi j 18Va
IOC| Do pld 41 41 40% 141
13.5OOjAra«r Loco J OoU 5«% 59% | 59T4
i Do pid 1 1113 |114
jAmer Malt i ! 5\H 6
I Do/ pfd ......I | [ 25Vi| 20V4
10,70u;Am Km & Rf C0,128%|127Vi|127 1 . B ilitrV4
30C'i pfd 121V3Jl21Vi|121 ICIV*
teOO.Am bugar 140Va 140 140 140 Vi
..". Do pfd ]138 140
2.600|Am Steel FtSs... 13Vs 12?fe| 1? 13V4
2.500J Do pfd 45%j 44^1 45 45Vi
|Am Tel & T Coj: | {137 140
500|Am Tob pfd ..ilO2VajlO2 JlO2 . 102Vs ;
20o;Am W.wlen 37V«1 37V41 37 37%
! Do pld | I l l^ 2 103
4.COo.Anaconda 122 fllfeVi 120 121..
.. (Ann Arbor 32- - S7-
f Do pfd I |75 80
400) Atlantic Coast L 1162 |IC2 116114 162
*,Coi>iA T & S-F. ..I SS% S»%| 88Vi »»%
\u25a0»OO| Do pfd IO4HIIOI |104 104V4
B,"oojßait -&- Ohio -.; 112Vii!112Vb 112 112"^
j Do pfd j 9fl 97V5
|Bay State Gas .. .....|...'.. 3-16 >4
23.000.8 R T 72% 71% 72Vi 72%
ißrook Un Gas I*4 190
IBruns D & 1 14% 15Vi
ißutterick Co 55 62
(Can So 6SV4 68%
10.300 Do pfd 171% 170% 170% 170%
2.1001 C & O 57V4 56% 56% 57Vi
\C & A 36 37
200 Do pfd 79 79 78V4 79
C& E I pfd ISO 139
...'.... C I & L pfd 80 100
.\u25a0I.6OOJC & G W 22VJ, 21% 21% 21%
Do pfd "A" 76 76V4
I Do Pfd "B" 35% J6
2COI- Do debs 57% S7V4 8S BSVi
1,500 C & N W 215% 217 217 218
7.300 C M A St P. . 180% 173% 179% 179%
Do pfd ISOV4 180%
14.500 C R I & P (new) 32% 32V4 32V4 32%
600! Do pfd ....... 79 7SVi "514 <0
Do 4s 83Vi 83Va
Chicago Ter 15V4 17
Do pfd -i 42 43
700 Chicago Un Ttac 12% 12 11% 12
Do pfd 42 43
C C C & St L :...; 98V& 100
....... Do pfd 117 121 \u25a0
Cleve Lor & W 82 90
'. Do pfd 105
20.000 Cclo Fuel & Iron 46% 55 V 4 45% 46
Do pfd t 87 !»6
1,200 Colorado So 28V4 27% 2S 2SV4
100 Do Jet pfd 62' 12 (2 03
400 DO 2d pfd 43V4 43 43 44
SOOConaol Ga 187 187 185 1851$
I.9ooiCorn Products .. 13V4 13% 13V4 13V9
I Do pfd '. 531$ Ziy 2
10.000 Del & Hudson.. 226 222% 223 1224
DL & W ..... 4»0 49S
D & R G 34V4 35
100 Do pfd S7 87 86% 87Vi
DetMtFt D 10 1 20
Detroit Un Ry 91% 92V4
Detroit So ..- HVi 12
Do pfd 41 43
Diamond Match L4OV4 141
600 Distil Secur 43% 43 43% 43«>
Do bonds ...: 79% 80 "
200 Duluth S S & A. 15»£ 15V« 14% 15V4
400] Do pfd ..' 34 Vi 34, 33 33%
14.700 Erie 48?4 48% 4SU 48V4
SOO Do Ist pfd 81% 81% 81V4 SlVa
100 Do 2d pfd .... 72 72 72 72Vi
E & T.H 72 77
Do prd ..:.. : 83 95
Federal Steel . .. 113U, 112% 11214 113V4
Do pfd 97% 97%
Ft W & D C 72 75
Gen Chemical 70 73
DC prd .r... ..... 104 107 Vi
Gen Electric : \ 17» 180
SOO Great No pfd ... 328% 319 319 320>4
8,500 Greene Cons Cop 28 27V4 27% 28
'Greene Gold 4 4%
Havana Tob Co 28 . 30
....... Do pfd ..". ..... 37' 42
Hocking Valley . ..... .'..\u25a0.. BSVI »2 ' .'
DO Pfd ...... ..:.. .'...: aiVi «2
900 Ullnrils Central .. 180 * 179V4 179V4 180 "
Interboro 1214 • 21494
Inter Marine 14U 14%
Do pfd — . zaii^ni '
100 Inter Paper. .... 22V» 22V4 -22V* 22%
400 Do pfd 80-V4 80 SO- SOYs
..*?.... Inter Power ...'. .;...;.„. 53 57 -
....... Ini*r Pump 20VA 28 r-
Do pfd 83V4 86
400 lowa Central ... 29% 29% 2.594 29V4
1.100 Do pfd CSV! 68V4 57% BBV4
.• Kana wha & Mch 34 ii ss
XC FIS & M pfd 85Vi 86
Kans City So .« 25 25%
! Do pfd 62VS 55
Keokuk & D M 14 17
....... Laclede Gas pfd.. B5 no
Lake Erie & W. 33 35
Do pfd 94 96
Lehlgrh Va11ey..... 74% 74%
"Long Island 64 60
S.SooLoui« & Naeh... IL2V4 151% 151 Vi 131^4
IMackay ...- 46 40Vi
Do pfd..... 73% 74H
lOOlMonbattan .....|I6fJVIi 16«H IC6 160V4
I, SOOIMet Securities... SI «4 BOV4 SO% SO^i
2,900(Met St Ry.. 12«% 125% 125% 125%
3.C00 Mexican Central. 25 24 24 Vi 24 »i
400 Minn &St L S4>4 84 84 .qij
Do Ist pfd.' 108 H0 :
900 M,. Et P&8 S M 137 1.16V4 136 137V4
400] -Do pfd 161% 161 161 104
23.700 JHo. Kan & Tex. 53% 32% 83 Vi .T5%
1.600 Do pfd........ -m% '68V4 «BV4 69
1.000 MUrouri Paciflc.jW4V4 IC3V4 103% 1<)3%
Nash, C & St L.|...;. ...... 148 ' 150
200 National Lead... 47ft 47V4 46 46%
Do pfd..:....: .:: ..104% 105
Ntl R R Mcx pfd ...... 30 37
200 National Biscuit. 54% 54% 54 54%
....... Do pfd:; '. 113 113%
6.200 New Jersey Cen. 224% 219 , 223% 224U
100 NY Airbrake:.. 150 150 J 148 153
14.600 New York Cen.. 150 149 149% 149%
N Y. C & St L. .......... 53% M
....... Do Ist pfd .112 120
Do 2d pfd.r. !.....' 83 86-
New York Dock. :. 25 26Ti
100N Y. N H & H. 205 205 2ftl " 205
3.700 NY. Ont & W. 54% 54 P3% 54
B, 100 Norfolk t West.{ 86 , .85%| 85 * i 85J4 1
....... Do pf<S... ....;... ...190, .92 I
700 North American. 07% 97 97'; f» I
..;»•'\u2666.. Northern Sees... .-. 180* 188'
2.&00 Northern Pacific. 207 20354 203 : 204
200 Omaha ..193 193 188 -193
....... Do pfd........ 190. 200
..05L41........ ..........] 96% 97
...;... Pacific Coast.:.. ..... .....' 105 , 107-
..j Do lit pM....[.....|.....|102 (108':
THE SAN :. FRANCISCO GALL, -, WEDNESDAY; :6CTOBER IS. 0905.
Do 2d pfd ..... 105. 107
3.500 Pacific Mai1..... 47 46V4 40 4HVS
29.100 Perm R R C 0... 144% 144 143% 144'y,
2.100 People's Ga5..... 104 103' 103% 103 V&
P, C, C & St L. ..... ..... 80 81
....... "Do pfd lOC- 112
400 Pressed Steel Car 46% 40* 4CV4 48V4
1,000 Do pfd.... DS 97Vi «7^ Ot>Vi
100 Pullman Car Co. 2R3 253 250 253
300 Ry Steel Springs 43V> 43V4 42% 43
;oo Do prd ...-.102 102 10194102
85,600 Reading :. 123 121 Vi 121% 121%
. 200 Do Ist pfd 94V4 03% 93 91»|
1.100 Do 2d pfd" . OS% 08% »&V< 09 V4
1.500 Republio 8 & 1.. 2C% 25V^ 25V4 25%
8,600 Do.pfvl 06V4 95 95 CSaj
Rubber Goods... 36H 37%
Do pfd '.... 103 lOd
100 Sloss S93c I Co. 70 70 69 Vi 70
Do pfd ..... 110 111 -.
.„ St J&O 1...........J 17 23
Do Ist pfd.... 60 ttOVi
StL & SF let pfd :... 77Ti» 80
100 Do 2d pfd ... 61 61 60% 61
600 St L & S W ... 24% 24 24 24Vi
100 Do pfd 61 61 COV4 61
12,SC0,Southern Pac .. 69% 65«4 -68% 68%
1001 Do pfd ...... 120 120 11OV4!12O
9,500 Southern Ry .... 3CVs 35% 35V41 35%
300 Do' Pfd 99 09 98% 99 .
Standard 0i1'....... 672, 675
Standard R& A .......... 1 1!4
1,000 Term Coal & 1. 86% 85% 85V4 .85%-
Texas P L T Co 34^ 35
300 Texas Pacific .. 34% 34% 34% 34%
.....'..|Thlrd Avenue..: 124% 125
Toledo R & T Co 34 34V4
. .». . . ..Toledo St L & W 36V4 3U%
400 Do pfd 56V4 56 5«Vi 67 Vj
Twin City R T 116 lIOV
2,100 Union Bag & P 14% 14 Vs 14% "%
700 Do pfd 82i? si 81 82-.
42,700;Un10n Pacific . . 132% 131% 131T4 132
1,000 Do pfd 07V4 96V6 »6V5 07VJ
Do cony 4s 133 Vi 13314
UnIM.I Copper 33% Xl%
' 70O.United R of S F 76% 76V4 7«V4 77
SOO Do pfd^ 92 91 % 01% 512
Do 4s SD% 89%
MoiU S Cast Iron P 3S 37H 3S
300 Do pfd ...... 98% 00>4 06V4 00%
U S Express 12"> 125
U S Leather 1* ,15,94, 15 ,94
:l Do pfd •U4 11«
10CU S Realty* C SSV4 SSV4 Sj> fj
U S R & R Co 2SVi 30
lOC Do pfd 05 65 <54% 67U
* 200 U S Rubber... 52 52 51% 52V*
Do pfd 111VS 112
31,100 U S Steel Cor .. 33 37V4 87% 37%
13.600 Do pfd 104% 104% 104% 104%
1 400|Va-Car Chem Co 32% 32 32% .32%
100 Do pfd ..:... 100% 100V4 10CV4 106%
Wabash ... 2U4 21%
200 Do pfd 42 41% 41% «IJS
;. Do deb Bs <o . 70%
Wells FarKO ! Ex. ..... .'.... 235 ' 215 •
'" 200 W«tern Union.. 93V4 MU «| '««
W* S Unghouse - • •• • }«i^ \ f2 %
Do Ist pfd ... !*<% i°§,,
100 W& L E- ...... 17% 17% 17 1.%
Do Ist pfd ...;..: 40 4-
Do 2d pfd 25 2i»
'"i.COO Wisconsin Cen.. 32H 31% 31% jC
300 Do pfd 04% 64»4 I*l% M%
577.910 — Total shares sold.
Xfw York Bond*.
U S ref 2s reg..lO3Vi| Japan 6s. 2d ser. 97%
Do coupon lOiViUapan 4%5. cert. 90%
Do 3s reg 103% | Japan 4%5. 2d ser 90%
Do coupon 104 V 4 L & N unified 45.104%
Do new 4s reg.l3::%lMan con gold 45.103Vs
Do coupon 131% Mcx Central 45... 81
Do old 43 reg.104% Do Ist lnc 25-
Do coupon 104% Minn & St L 4s. 97
Amer Tob 45.... 78% M. X & Texas 45.101%
I)o 6s 113% Do 2ds ..:,...., B<%
Atoh Ken 45..... 102% NR of Mcx con 4s SJ%
Do laj ".1... 90 % NY C gen 3%5.. 99p
Atlantic C L 45.1f11% N J C gen 55....134|»
Bait & Ohio 45.. 103 Nor Pacific 45. .. .104%
Do 3V>s 05% Do 3s iS%
Central "of Ga 55.115% Nor & W ron 45.101%
Do Ist 1nc.... 96% O S L rufdg 45... 97
Do 2d lnc SI Pa cony 3%5....104%
Chea& Ohio 4%e.1C8V4 Reading gen 45... 102%
Chi & Alton 3%5. 81% S L & I M con 55.115V4
C.B & Q new 4*.101%1S L & S F fg 4s. ?0%
C.R I & Pac 4s. 83Vi!St L S W con 4s. 53%
Do col sf" 93V4 1 Seaboard A L. 4s. 90
C.C C & SLgn 45.104 |So Pacific 45..... 9D',i
Chi Term 4s 100 Do let 4s, cert. 96%
Colo Midland 4s. 74 So Railway 55... 121
i Coto & So 45... 93% Tex & Pac 15t5..125
Colo Ind ss. sr A 73%T01.5t L & W 4s. 84%
Do ss, ser 8.. 71%|Unlon Pacific 4». 105%
Cuba 5s cert. ..105% Do cony 4s ....134H
Den & Rio G 4s.lolVi U S Steel 2d ss. 98%
Dist Securities 5s 80 ! Wabash lsts 118%
Erie prior lien 45.102 Do deb B ..... 75
Do gen 4s 94 Western Md 45.. 87%
F W" & D C 15t5.113% W & L Erie 45.. 00%
Hock Val 4%5...i:2 Wis Central 45.. 96%
Japan 6s. cert... 98% ' .«•
">'ew Yorlt" Mining; Stocks. : .
Adams Con 301 Little .Chief ..... 05
Alice 54 Ontario 60
Breece 45'iOphir i 5 25
Bruns Con S6 Phcxnix 01
Com Tunnel 08 Potoci '11
Con Va Mln Co. 1 45jSavage -. 47
Horn Sliver 170 Sierra Nevada.... 27
Iron Silver 3 001 Small Hopes .... 33
Leadvlle Con ... 06| Standard ......... 170
Botiton Stocks and Bonds. . '
Money — ; ' '<'"\u25a0"\u25a0> U S 5tee1.'. ...... 3~¥t
Call loans 5@6 Do pfd ........104V4
Time loans 5®6 Westing Common. 83
Bonds— . Mining—
Atchisoh 4s IC2V& Adventure 9
Do adj 4s 98 Allouez :....;.... 48
Mcx Central 45.*80 Amal Copper .... 85
Railroads — Amer Zinc 9
Atchlson SBV4 Atlantic 27
Do. pfd .' 103 Bingham .... o2
Boston. A Albany.2s7 Calumet & Hecla.67o
Boston & Malne.l7B Centennial ....... 2U%
Boston Elev ..*. .153 Copper Range ... 72%
Fitchburj? pfd... 142 Daly West 14
Mcx Central 23% Franklin 19%
NY. NH & H. 204 Granby ..: 8%
Pere Marquette. .101 Isle Royale ..... 25
Union Pacific ..131% Mass Mining ... 10%
Miscellaneous — Michigan ........ 15 V 4
Amer Arge Chem 22 Mohawk ......... 59 ! H
Do pfd .03 Mont Coal & Coke 3%
Amer Pneu Tube 6 Old Dominion ... 28%
Amer Sugar 139% Osceola . .. .V .. .. .110%
Do pfd ••' 139 Parrot 28
Amer Tel & Tel. 187 Vi Quincy 108%
Amer Woolen ... 37 (Shannon 8%
Do pfd ... 102V4 Tamarack 12.3
Dom Iron & S.. 22V4 Trinity 10
Gen Electric 179 | United Copper ... 33%
Macs Electric . . — I U S Mining 36^
Do pfd 56 U S Oil 10V;
Mass Gas ....... 4!>% Utah 47V4
United Fruit ...106% [Victoria ...-7-
Un Shoe Mach... 78%'Winona :.... 1«%
Do pfd 31%! Wolverine 120
THE COPPER SHARES.
BOSTON, Oct. 17.— Allouez continued the
most active stock to-day, registering a new
high price. Franklin also sold at its highest
for 1 a lons time. Pool operations In Atlantic
seem to have ceased' for the present and the
stock is very dull. North Butte still holds a
prominent position in the market and Its fluc
tuations are wide and quick.
London Closing: Stocks.
Cons money. ...S3 9-ltij N V Central.. .. .153V>
Do for acct.... BS%'N6r & Western... S-SVi
Anaconda ....... 6%| Do pfd . ..:95
Atchlson 91V» Ont & Western.., 55 Vi
Do pfd 107 | Pennsylvania . . . . 74 Vi
Bait & 0h10.....115V4! Rand Mines ..... 8%
Can-Pacific ....176%| Reading ...... ...62%
Che's & Ohio . 58% Do Ist pfd.. .;. 48
Chi Great West. 22% 1 Do 2d pfd..... 6t>
Chi, Mil & St P.l^s%'So Railway . 36%
De 8eer5 '....... 17%| Do pfd ........102
\u25a0Den & Rio G 34%|5.0 Pacific ....... 71%
Do pfd 90% Union Pacific ....i:>«%
Erie 50 Do pfd ........ 99
Do Ist pfd . 8;5% US 5tee1........ 39
Do 2d pfd .73%j Do pfd ..107%
111 Central 184 I Wabash ...;...... 22*
Louie & Nash...lsBVil Do pfd 43V4
M, X & Texas... 31%j Spanish 4s ..'.'..: OJVS
Bar sllvtr — Firm; 28 11-16d '• per ' ounce.
Money— 3% per cent. -
I The rate of discount in, the open market -for
short bills is 4 per cent and for three months'
bills Is 4®4% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, . Oct. 17.— T0-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund shows: . N \u25a0
Available cash balance, $132,050,030; gold
coin and bullion. $73,120,137; gbld certificates,
$40,937,179.
New York ', Cotton Market.
NEW YORK." Oct. 17.— 1n spite of a, falling
off In recelots, a good tone .to the Liverpool
market:; a bullish weekly crop report and pre
dictions for rain .and colder weather for the
Southwestern belt, the ' market turned ,. easy
in the ". later trading and -. sold • off about zlB
points /from the \u25a0 high. Southern spot markets
declined -.slightly,'* but did . not 'meet the :de
crease in the future. '.- Spot . dealers report In
ability to cget supplies "at current
The Giles report" will be out. to-morrow. with a
preliminary estimate of .the ; size of -crop. - •'
Shorts \u25a0 bought V before ; the announcement \u25a0' of
the weekly report, but on this -the Price
brokers "became? sellers. - . . •..;
\u25a0 Theodore • Price : says : : "My ; Southern , advice
indicates that 'sentiment in. regard to . the crop
is undergoing a very radical modification/ and
In ' two weeks' more \u25a0I >' am '. Inclined : to believe
that the trade will generally accept 12,000,000
bales as a very reasonable' probable measure
of this year's 7 production; v Under -the condi-'
tlons ' I cannot - see anything . to Justify a pres
ent advance. ln prices. ", = » ;
; ' The , Governmen t is as;follows:^-."Ex
cept \u25a0 where hindered -by . rains - In ; the ' central
portions of the belt, cotton picking. made good
progress. This work is 2 nearing completion': In
the Carollnas. Georgia and; Florid a' and : in the
southern 'portions of Central • and -Western .dis
tricts. The reports Indicate, that- In the north
ern portion, of "the ~ last i mentioned \' districts,
where the .cotton \u25a0 Is ?\u25a0 opening ". rapldly.v. from
one-third to one-half the crop has been -gath
ered. ' Heavy rains \u25a0\u25a0 damaged i open s cotton r In"
Mississippi -": and '\u25a0 portions ;.-. of Tennessee j,; and
Georgia, And in . sections "continue destructive
in Mississippi, Louisiana .and ; Texas. No. top;
crops worthy -of mention are r promised." .\u25a0'->; - -
• Cotton futures opened, steady. \u25a0 October,
».SOc bid; November, 9.47 c; December,* ft. 6sc;
January - 0.75 c; February. 9.81 c; \u25a0 March, 9.90 c; .
April; 9.95 c bid \u25a0 May, 9.99 C; July, 10.07 c. r :-. >,
- Cotton futures .closed, very. -steady. October,
9.35 c; November. 9.44c;- January, '9.680;* Feb
ruar>', 9.75 c; March, 9.52 c; April," 9.88 c; May,
0.91 c.
Spot closed quiet,* 10 points -decline; mid
dlings uplands, , 9. Ssc ; middlings gulf, 10.10 c. ,
Nevr York Grain and Prodnce.' .
NEW. YORK Oct. 17.— Ji'LOUR— Receipts.
34.0U0 , barrels; exports, ! 5500 barrels. .. Firm,
with better inquiries. V .' \u25a0•:\u25a0:. v
WHEAT — Receipts. OG.OOO bushels; exports,
50,045 bushels. Spot firm; ; No. 2 red. - 91V4c
elevator and U2V5c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. 93% c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern \u25a0 Manitoba. 93'%c f . ; o. b. afloat. . \u25a0 From
opening to the close • wheat < was firm,"reflect
ing a moderate scare of shorts. Its fears were
bullish Russian reports, flrm cables." light offer
irgs>and bull support, and' last prices showed
¥-&%c net advance. \u25a0'. ' December closed at
91% c; May. 90% c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— FB-m.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
WOOL— Steady. - A
COFFEE — The coffee market to-day experi
enced a further decline, due almost entirely
to liquidation in the December option. There
were times when >the market showed marked,
steadiness but It was due to "profit-taking by
shorts and was of short duration. ... At the
close a net decline of 10 points was registered'
throughout the list. The only real - weakness
appears to be in the local speculative situa
tion and until the December option is out , of
the way nothing- of Importance in : the way of
an advance is expected. Spot luo, quiet; No.
7 Invoice, 8 0-10 c; mild, quiet; Cordova.- 10®
13c. Futures closed steady, net 5@ 10 points
lower; sales were • reported of 55,250 bags,'in
cluding October . 6.75 c; November, 6.80 c; De
cember, 6.75(5«.85c; January, 6.90®6.05c;
March. 7.10@7.15c; May, 7.20@7.30c : July.
7.40 c; September. 7.50#7.55c. «;. •-
I SUGAR-^-Raw. steady; fair ( refining. 3c;
centrifugal. 90 test.-3%c; molasses sugar, 2%C;
refined, uuiet. ' • "
BUTTKR— Firm; street prices, extra cream
ery 22@22VjC Official prices, creamery, com
mon to extra. I*i(g22c: renovated, 15@20c.
' CHEESE — Unchanred.
EGGS— Unchnnjred. .
k DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market U
steady, and unchanged.' Some bids . have . been
made for; delivery of prime at 7>sc, but have
been refused.-' On spot, common to good are
quoted at 4UigCc and prime at 7>i@7%c. ,
PRUNES— "AIso \u25a0 are unchaneed, • but firm,
with choice quoted at B>,4@»c; extra choice,
OVi^O^c: fancy 10@llM.-c • '
PEACHES— Are in light supply on spot and
such trifling transactions as arereported earrj
their own quotations and the general market
is purely nominal.
RAISINS— Are quiet and it is reported that
some independent • trades are under the quoted
rates. Loose Muscatels am- ouoted at sVi©
sVac; London layers. $1 15@1 20., ..• *.^
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK Oct. 17.— The-* London -tin
market was less excited, but prices were pretty
well maintained with spot closing at £148 12s
5d arid futures at £148. The local market was
quiet, but firmly held, with spot quoted at
$32 25032 75.' \u25a0
Copper was higher abroad, closing at £72
15s for spot and £71 for futures. Locally no
change is reported and the market <Is very
quiet. Lake is quoted at %16 37Va@lC 75, elec
trolytic at $10 37V'.@10 C2Ms and casting at
$16 12Va@16 37>(.. •
Lead remains somewhat Irregular in the
local market, where actual spot supplies are
cash, each small transaction carrying its own
prices with the market more or less nominal
at $5 to $5 50: Lead is still said to be availa
bla for forward shipment at $4 S5. The for
eign market was unchanged, with spot quoted
at £14 ISs Od. , ~~
Spelter was higher at £28 10s in London.
Locally the market was firm and unchanged at
$6<g6 10. . • ~
Iron closed' at 46s for standard foundry and
54s l%d for Cleveland warrants In the Eng
lish market. Locally iron is reported- firm at
recent prices. " ' -i
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Oct. -17.^-Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad
street's show the following changes in availa
ble supplies as compared with previous ac
counts; \u25a0 - - . .--.\u25a0-.:
Wheat— United States and Canada, -east of
the Rockies, increase 3,912,000 bushels; afloat
for and In Europe, decrease 1,300,000 bushels.
Total supply, increase 2,642.000 bushels. - .
1 Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease 68^,000 bushels. :
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies. Increase 2,4«9.0(;0 bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Oct. ' 17/^-The visible supply
of gTain Saturday, October 14, as compiled by
the New York Pr<>dmj4 Exchange, is as fol
lows: Wheat. 22".619,000' bushels ;., Increase,
2.852,000 bushels. Com, 4.432,000 bushels; de
crease, 194,000 bushels. Oats, 22,614,000 bush
els; increase.: 1,803,000 bushels. Rye, 1,616,000
bushels; Increase, 800uA bushels..- ..Barley,
5,561,000 bushels; increase. 364,00 V bushels.
CHICAGO / BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and provisions. /
\u25a0CHICAGO, Oct..-'. 17.— The wheat market
opened , flrm, with December unchanged to/ \^C
hiffher at- b3%c- to •80c:;" Wet-w eather in>fne
United States imparted .some, firmness to the
situation, but . the facto!*' of apparently greut
est Importance was a rcablegram from Odessa
to a well-known here. The tone of
the message was. decidedly bullish; " the Rus
sian Government • being .reported as- buying
wheat for the relief of; the famine sufferers.
It was'also claimed that' shipments from Rus
sia are decreasing. This information seemed
to rouse shorts 'to activity. "Throughout the
entire day demand "from shorts constituted the
chief source of. buying- orders In the pit.-Of
ferings were comparatively small. Consequently
prices uninterruptedly advanced. Strength of
cash wheat at Minneapolis was a factor con
tributing to - the upturn here. For December
the highest point . of „ the day ; wus reached at
tftiftc. The market closed 'strong, with Decem
ber %@%c- higher at $6%i@86%c. „
Wet weather in the West was the main rea
son for firmness 1 In the corn -market. Decem
ber closed %c hlKher at 44-^ic. .>v \u25a0 - «.-.'•;
December oats closed V4@%c 'higher at 2ST«c.
Liquidation of: October lard and ribs had
a weakening. Influence on the, provisions mar
ket.- At the close January pork was , oft sc,
lard was down S(STV6c, and ribs ,were 7V4c
lower.-- \u25a0-.--- \u25a0' \u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0••'•.. "
\u25a0The leading futures ranged as follows :
— '\u25a0 \u25a0 Open High. Low. \u25a0 Close.'
Wheat No. 2—
December ..... 86 86% 85% 80%
May .C. ........ 87 :..--. 87%" 80^' 87Va
Corn No. 2— tv.- \u25a0
May 44 44% 43% 44 V 4
October ....:... . 50
December, old:. 45 . , 45% -, 45 » "45%
December, new.. 44% ; 44% . \u25a0 44Vi 44%
' Oats No. -2—2 —
October..: .......... .... 28%
December ...... 25% 28% : 25%
May 31-. 31% . -30^ 31»{,
Mesa Pork, per bbl —
Octobei .......; 15 95 Ift 10 15 90 16 10
January ......; 12 50 ' ; 12 50 12 45 12 50 •
Lard, per 100 -lbs— ...
October .... .... ...... 7 07Va
November 7 22>/ a 7- 22 V5.- 7 10 7.12&
January ....... 085 685 6 82V4 685
Short Ribs, per; lfK) lbs—. o '
October .......: 8 47V4 8 47% 820 <\u25a0 820
January .». .... «">5 fi S " I A r> 32 V4 665
May . . . . ........ 72VA ;r> 7.V . 6 72Vi 0 72Vi
Cash Grain and Provision*.
CHICAGO, ' Oct. , 17.— : -Cash quotations were
as follows:, Flour,' firm;, No.. 2 spring wheat,
83@S7c; No. 3. 76«85c; No. 2. red, 85%@8C%c;
No 2 corn 51@51Vbi-: No. 2 yellow,. 53 Vic; JCo.
2 oats 2Sy,c: No.. U white 29Vi«?2ft"!ic; No.
3 white 2SW?29yic:-".Nov.'2irye'<OS%@69c;:good
feeding barley. 3fl@3r.V4c;' fair to choice malt
ing 40@45c; No.'l flaxseed, 93c; No. 1 North
western, 99c; prime : timothy seed, ?3 20; mess
pork, txt bbl., SIQ^IO 10; lard,, per 100-lbs.,'
$7 12V4; short rltis sides (loose), $8 12V4©ft 23:
shprt clear sides (boxed). $B®B 25; whisky,
basis of high wines, -$1 30; • clover. - contract
grade. ?12 50 : •\u25a0 '-.'\u25a0 * '\u25a0 ; '.'_ •,\u25a0''\u25a0'
articles -" '\u25a0 Receipts. Shipments.
Flour bbls '............... W. 200 .44,700
Wheat bu ....... ..v.:.».i«a,000. 11,;1 1 ,; ai.tw,
Corn bu . . ... .......... .•:. 262.900 351,400
Oats, bu .......... ...805.400 2C5.0W)
Rye bu "..........\u25a0;.:..:.. 13.200 16,000
Barley, bu ! . . . . ......;.\u25a0.. 2C7.100 2C5.200
Butter, Cheese and Esrgs. %
CHICAGO, Oct. ; 17.— 0n the Produce Ex
change. to-day the butter market; was steady;
creameries, nVd^lVic:' dairies, I6VsoJ>l9c:
eprKs firm at mark (cases included),
17Vic: firsts,' 2CH»:- prime firsts. > 22e; extraa,
23c; cheese,; firm at llViiftllYiC.: . 1 \u25a0 \u25a0 • -
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
" , : Chica»o. ~
CHICAGO. ; Oct. v : • 17.— CATTLE— Receipts.
20.000: market 10c : lower. .^Beaves. $3 65®
6 30- cowr and heifers. $1 25@4 40; stockers
and 'feeders $2 ts«t4 30; Texans, $3 40@4 50;
Westerns. ' $3 256(4 80.':'- -."^ .
HOGS— Receipts. 23.000; to-morrow,^ 30.000;
wenk to a - shade -lower. Mixed \u25a0 and \u25a0 butcherp.
$4 05(35' 52 V>: -Rood- heavy, $5 25®5 50; rough
heavy. -\u25a0 $4 SOSifSf - ;liKht. .; ; >4 f15£5.45; ; pi gB ,
$4 75(ffi5 25; bulk otsales. $8 oB@s 40. ' .
\u25a0SHEEP — Receipt*,"" 38.0W>: steady. -, Sheep,
$4@5 30; iambs,' $4 75<55.00.
:-.; \u0084 , bniaba. . . • • . ;
OMAHA,. Oet.' 17.-^CATTLE— Recelpta, 6000:
steidy Native : steers, ;:s4@s 80; cowa - and
heifers". $2 75(54 60: Western - steers. ; *3«?4 80;
Texas steers; $2 75tff4.00r cows and heifers, $2
©3 50; - canners,' $1 7B«?2 60: ' Rtockera :,.-. md
feeders; $2 25«4 10;; calve«, $2 60®5 25; bulls
and stags. • $20>3 50. . ;.' 'r • -' \u25a0
HOGS — Receipts. - 3500: - slow to -5o lower.
Heavy. $4 OC©5-15: mixed,: $5@5 15; light.
$5 1005 20; pi»s,": f4'6o@s; bulk 'of sales,
Sh ?e pl_ReceitltB. - 11.000; steady to -strong.
Western, $3 25«J8 90: . wethers.- $4 25(§5 25;
ewes $4 Bo®s; ,-• lambs.' $« 7.T57/10. ..
.Kansas City. :'.'-'-;" ', .•• ' ; ,
, KANSAS ..' CITY.; Oct. - - 17."—CATTLE-^Re
celpts,'\u25a0•- 23,000; f steady .., to \u25a0 10c .-* lower.*-' .;; Native
Btcer*,'is4©6;' native \u25a0; cows and • heifers, $1 •75
®4 CO; stockers and feeders. $2 50 (Q-i 60; bulls.
$2rg?3 ; '\u25a0 calves, ~s2 50@6 25;. Western steers,
$2 80@4 60; -Western- cows, ;s2@3. •. •
HOGS— Receipts, v 12.000: ; mnrke.t ;5c lower.
Bulk '.of i sales. •$5 10®0 20; heavy, =-$5 10®
522 X: packers,- $& IG®5 22VS;pIgs and .light,
$4 75®5 20. 7 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 - ' ' ' T
SHKEP — Receipts, 8000: strong. Muttons,
|4@3 25J lambs.- $5 50®7 So; range wether*.
$4 50@5 23; fed ewes, $3 SQig^ 60.. :.,
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
i - -•-. ~- - . :• Foreign* Futures.; i
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — ; . \u25a0 - - Doc» ; March.
Opening-;.;-......"...'..:..... 6.10%^, 6.9%
Closing 1 6 10% ' 69%
PARIS. '
Wheat— '". . . -Oct. Jan.-Apr.
Openlns 23 10 . 23 75 ,
Closing .....23 15 23 80
Flour-?— . .—. — -
Opening ......... ......" 30 SO 31 35
Closing . : . : .....: 30 S5 31 35 '
~ Boston "Wool Market.
BOSTON. Oct. 17. — There is an especially
steady call In the wool market for the grade*
that are most Wanted by the manufacturers of
woolens: Meantime the worsted mills cannot
be told to have retired from the .market.
Prices are 'generally flrm. • Territory wools
continue to move as \u25a0 well . as tradings permit.
I Pulled wools are quiet and steady. Foreign
grades are quiet and firm. Quotations: .
Territory— ldaho, fine, 22®2 4c; heavy flne^
19®21c; fine medium, - 23®2*c;\ medium, • 27@
28c; low 'medium; 28'»29c. . ' . ,«^.»^_
Wyoming— Fine. 22©23 c; heavy fine _19520 c;
fine piedlum, 23@^9c : lo w- medium.
. Utah.and Nevada-Fine 23@24c; heavy fine.
19®20c; fine medium. 23@24c; medium, 27®28c;
low medium, 28625*. - ' \u25a0 \u25a0 ' . '
'Montana— Fine choice, 26@27c; flno average,
25@27c;' fine medium choice, 26@27c; average.
27i?2Sc- staple.- 28@30c; - medium choice, 28®
80c. " __ll____ *
S t. Louis 3 Wool, aiarket. .^ -.' ; i. ;
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 17.— WOOL— Firm. Me
dium grades, • combing and clothing 2b%@Jlc:
light fine, 22@27c; heavy fine. 10©22 c; tub
washed. »33@ 42c.,., - .
Northern' Wheat, Market.
OREGON. •" •
PORTLAND . Oct. 17.— WHEAT— Club. 72c;
bluestem, 75c;" valley. 71@72c. . .
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 17.— WHEAT— Unchanged ;
bluestem. 75c; club; 72c; red. 08c. . .
Business. . ' v .
PORTLAND. Oct. 17. — Clearings, $918,457:
balances.- $89,035. ' •' ' ;;;;„\u25a0'\u25a0;'.. ,'
TACOMA. Oct. 17.— Clearings. $680,431; bal
ances, $55,424. - ' •. ' '\u25a0•''\u25a0 '•.. », o .oT '
SEATTLE Oct. 17.— Clearings, 51,315.0^1;
balances. $32:J,6C2. v • \u0084„._...
SPOKANE, Oct. 17.— Clearings, $i<o,ao.
balances, $41,617. \u25a0 ' -- L - . .
LOCAL MARKETrS.
Exchange 'and . Bullion.
.LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days..:?—:, gj.B3.
i Sterling , Exchange. \u25a0 eighf '...... — @* f 6VS
Sterling Exchange, cables ...... — , ® 4 °' <•'
' New York Exchange, eight . :. . ;— @ "•>:
; New York Exchange, telegraphic — @ 05
h<u'.«'r litr i-utlcjß.V* .;...... 62Vs@ —
Mexican Dollars, nominal ...'.\u25a0•. — @ 4iV4
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris ". •• • • 6 - I^%
New York on Mexico W<t\i
i-ar.s en London ••» *X
Berlin on Ix>ndon • • <-°Ab
Wheat nnd Other Grnlnti.
WHSAT FREIGHTS— Spot rates continue
nominal in the absence of business at ISs 9-#
20s, usual Buropean options. Regular charter
ing is going on upon the Sound, however,' at
2tsa 3d. The chartered Wheat fleet in port has
a registered > tonnage of 17.960, against ;js,Ctto
tons on the same date la3t year; disengaged,
22.606 tens, against 93,000; on the way to this
port, 224..150 tons, . against -201,860. -
WHEAT— Following an. advance at Chicago,
this market for futures was several fractions
higher under very active trading. There was
nothing new In . the cash grain, which was
steady. .- * - •'.\u25a0,•\u25a0>-•"
CASH WHEAT. . ','-.
California Club. $1 40©l 45: California
White Australian, $1 50® 1 55; lower grades of
California Wheat, $1 15@1 SO: Northern Club,
spot. $1 40(gl 42% ; Northern Bluestem. $1 45®
1.47*;-; Northern Red, $1 32%@1 35 per ctL
- • ..\u25a0 FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. ,m. \u25a0 » "
' Open. « High. Low. • Close.
December ...sio» $1 i.»Vs \u25a0 $I' JB% $1 35%
. 2 p. m. Session.
December— sl 35% -bid, $1 39 asked. V
BARLEY — The situation has shown no
change for days. Feed continues steady, with
the usual daily eales, while. Brewing and Che
valier are still reported dull. \u25a0\u25a0
CASH BARLEY.- \u25a0
Feed, $1 05i©1 07 V 4 for- common and $1 OS%ctf
1 12 •£ for good to cfioiife; new Brewing, $1 13%
QX 15; Chevalier^Sl 12V4S» 20 per Ctl.
' v^*^ FUTURES. ,
j^Session 9 to" 11:30 a..m. -\u0084 [:..,; '.\u25a0
\u25a0jT ' Open. v ;> ' High.', : Low. " ; Close.
Deyrnber ...$1 13%~'J1 U% $1 13Va $113%
jr^ 2 p. m. Session. ... '. "
S Open. J \u25a0; High. Low. Close.
December :..$1 la ' $1*13% fl 13 $1 13V4
May— No sales; $1. 14% bid. . . , . •
OATS-^-The ' market is reported quieter of
late, with plenty .of stock ..on hand to meet
current wants. Quotations show no change.
Red. $1 35@1 50 for choice, Jl 25@1 32V4 for
fair to good and" $1 15@>1 22Vi for common;
Black $1 50® I 75 for good to choice for seed
end down to $125 for ordinary feed; 'White,
$135@1 47 Vi; Grays, nominal. '
CORN — Scarcity of spot stock continues the
characteristic of the market at present and
quotations are very firm. The millers say tr.at
they, have enough here, and en route to supply
them untilthe. new crop of Western comes In,
which " will be some weeks yet. « \u25a0
Western naeked, $1 40@1'50 for I Yellow.
$l'32V&Q'l'37f<j for White anrl $1 40®l 42V4 for
Mixed;- California large Yellow, nominal;
small round do, <1 6l»i£l C 5; White,' nominal;
Egyptian,. sl 40@l 50 - for White and $1 35®
140 for Brown. - 7 \u25a0" \u25a0
RYE — Continues, dull and unchanged at
$1 42V401 52% per ctl. The Inside quotation
is for Eastern. ,:-;\u25a0
BUCKWHEAT—SI 75@2 25 per ctl.
Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
The: milleru' report a very good demand for
Flour and Mlllstuffs for the usual consumptive
trade - . .. ' • \u25a0 * '
FLOUR— California Family Extras,' $4 SO©)
5 10, : usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70&5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at <4@4 50
per bbl. \u25a0 -\u25a0-: - -
FARINACEOUS GOODS— Prices In packages
are as follows: Graham Flour, $3 23 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour/ $3 75; Rye Meal, $3 50; Rice
Flour, $8; Corn Meal; $2 75; extra Cream do,
5.T75; Oat Mtal $4 5C©4 75; Oat Groats, ft 75;
Hominy. $3 75^4; Buckwheat .Flour, (4 oo@
4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; • Farina, '$4 s<>:
Whole Wheat Flour, .$3 60; Rolied Oats,- bbis,
$7(SBrin sacks. $6 SQ<tfi 50; Pearl Barley, $t>;
Split Pefts, boxes, $5 50; Green Peas, $3 50 per
100 lbs. '-'\u25a0 ;
Hay and' Feedstuff*.
All descriptions under this head remain un
changed. Good . Bran - and Middlings continue
scarce and- firm. (The feeling in Hay varies
from day to day, > according as receipts are
heavy -or light. The retailers are . carrying
moderate stocks and the interior towns are
consuming more "and more, eveiy : year, hence
there l 3 no particular accumulation of sup
plies anywhere and the tone . at present Is
steady, especially In the : best grades.
BRAN— S23<S24 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $2G 80®2fl'50 per ton.
SHORTS— S23@2I per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $23 50@24 60;
Cocoanut Cake at mill, $20 50; Jobbing,
$21 •- Cocoanut Meal at mill, $20 50; jobbing,
$21- Corn Meal,' -$30^-30 50; Cracked Corn.
$30 SOig-Sl; -Mixed- Feed..; $23@24; . Hors<»
Beans, jaOfJTlOire/ ton; Broom Corn . Feed, 9-.o
per ctl- Calfalfa'Meal. carload lots, $21; Job
bing, $22 50 per ton; Mealtalfa, $is~in car lots
and $20 for smaller quantities. .
HAY — Wheat, $11 50@10 50; Wheat and Oat,'
$11015 50; Oat, $9@13 50; Barley and Oat, $S«*
12- Barley. $B@llV A'oluntcer Wild Oat. $7@11;
stable. $ti@S ; stock, $5@7 ; . Alfalfa, ; $» 6C@9 50
P *STRAW— 30650 c per bale.
Deans nnd Seeds.
Receipts of ' B«ans yesterday were 10.350
sacks making 22,349 thus far this week. There
Is no further change In quotations, as the situ
ation- Ib -becoming -more .settled.--; Dealers are
now reporting a.fair shipping demand for moet
descriptions ;f or. Texas and other Southwestern
Seeds continue dull and featureless.
\u25a0 BEANS— Bayos, $3©3 25; Pea. $3 25@3 50;
Butter, 13 50; small -.White,-. $3 40@3 SO; large
White *2«J2 45; Pink, $2«2 20: Red. $J 83«-»:
Lima, here. $3 25@3 40;' Red; Kidneys. $3 tO@
3 75;«Blackeyes, $4 40@4 50 per ctl; Horse
SEEDS — Brown MustardV $4 . 50@4 ,75 ; -Yellow",
Mustard.. $3 50@t3 75: Flaxseed, nominal;' Ca
nary,- 6VS@6V4cr Alfalfa. I2c; ' Rape. 3c: Timo-'
thy.-5Hc- H?mp. 3V4c per lb: Millet, 2%©3V',c;
Broom' Corn ' Seed. " $20@21 per ton. \u25a0/ ,
DRIED PEAS— Nlles.: $1,75@2 10; Green'
PeaB.;sl;Bo@2.; . T v
Potatoes, Onions \u25a0 and Ve^e tables.
Trade In Potatoes was • rather quiet . and,
with stocks - still .heavy,' the. market remained
weak \u25a0 for general offerings. : •; There was good^
demand reported for fancy 'stock,, buf the pro
portion of - such in the receipts * was extremely
light ' Onions ruled firm -- under continued t
active buying '\u25a0 On - speculative ; account and - the'
beet lots readily commanded^ an advance.- /
Miscellaneous 'vegeUblts were, generally
active '\u25a0 and - ; firmer - prices -.* ruled r> for Summer.
Suuash. r Green • Peppers and - Tomatoes. > Cu
cumherft '.were '; In Increased j supply . and lower.
* POTATOES— -River - Whites, , 40@65c - per : ctl;
Salinas ' Burbanks., 90c@$l 15 : per. Ctl; Sweet
Potatoes.\ $1-50 oer' ctl. y
iUiN'iONS-^V« How. -75(9900 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green , Peas.' 4©sc per lb:
String • and , .Wax Etans. -. 2 V5C< 3 Vac - per v lb;
Lima '" Beans,"- 3V4@*c per. * lb; r Tomatoes,
"r.Sieoe ;-': ?er.--S box;- Summer. Squash, ."'• 85cfi$l
per box;'" Cucumbers. ;40@65c per box; Cabbage;
BOc per ctl; Carrots, 50@60c per sack: Garlic.
6i*@6c-perlb: Ege Plant. - 40060 c per box;
Green' Peppers, 40«?65c per - box; Green Okra.
50@60c.per box; Marrowfat Squash, $7 50©10
p€r ton; Hubbard Squash. $10 per t0n. ...
Poultry and Game.
•'• Another car of "Western 'Poultry, the second
for the week, was placed on sale and cleaned
up well ar steady prices. , Domestic stock con
tinued to move off well and. although receipts
were liberal, the market was well cleaned up
on good stock at' the close." There was a gen
eral decline- In Game. Trade was active, but
the receipts were. very heavy, betas; 230 sacks,
against "5 on the " preceding day. \u25a0
•POULTRY— Live .Turkeys. 20®22c per lb for
Old and 22:525 c for young; Geese, per pair. •-:
Goslings ?2 25<&2 50; Ducks. $4 50®5 50 per
cozen for old and $4@6 for young; Hem. $4©
450 for small and $6@7 for large; young
Roosters, - $s<ffs 50; ••: old Roosters. $4 W§S;
Fryers, $3. 50@4; Broilers. $3®3 50; Pigeons.
$1 25® 1 50; Squabs," $26- 25.
GAiiE-<er doten — Mallard Ducks, $5Q6;
Canvasback?- $5®7; Sprig. $304; £ray Ducks.
$3; Teal. $2 50; Widgeon, $2 50; imall Ducks.
$2- Gray Geese, $3; White Geese. $1 25®1 50;
Brant $2 for large and $1 60 for small: Hart.
$2; Cottontail Rabbits.. $2 50; Brush Rabbits.
$1 50. -\u25a0 i
Batter, Cheese and Eggs.
All three products are firm and in good con
dition for sellers. There are scattering sales
of .Eggs over the quotations, but they are
hardly sufficient to -, be quoted. At present
quotations the market U ' moving along
smoothly and absorbing the receipts without
difficulty. Tha floors are carryinj very little
fresh Butter and Esks, while the shelves are
pretty well bare. of Cheese. -It Is seldom. that
the Dairy market la In such satisfactory con
dition: as at> present. The tendency in prices
is upward, as will be se*«, ""but sellers are
allowing the advance to take Its course In
an easy and natural way. .
Receipts : were 33.500 lbs Butter. 763 cases
-Eggs and 64,300 lbs Cheese. * ,
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, : 30031 o
for .extras and 25029 c for lower and medium
grades ; dairy. 27g2Sc ; cold storage. . 22ff 2 le,
latter figure for extra creamery; store Butter.
21c; Eastern. 24@24V4e per lb.
CHEESE— Choice. 13@13V4c: fair to ' good.
12042V4C: Young Americas, 13Vi814c: Eastern,
15®16c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 4l@42V&c for large white. 39®
40c for fair to good and 35<&:$Sc. for the
lower grades: cold storage. 26<g28c; store EgK«>.
nominal; -Eastern firsts, -24g2tic; seconds, 20@
22 Vie per dozen. . . •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Trade in- fresh fruits was restricted some
what by the l late arrival -of the river boats.,
which brought large consignments of Melons,
Grapes and .Figs and a good portion of the
belated arrivals had ' to be held over. Table
Grapes were firm during the early trade, there
being a fair inquiry for shipment in addition
to the regular local demand. • but the market
weakened upon the arrival* of the delayed
boat?, and crated stock, which was Intended
for shipment, could be bought at low prices
in the afternoon. Melons and Figs were low
er. Apples were quite active, but stocks were
too large to permit any . advance In prices. The
other. tree fruits remained- firm under a brisk
demand and limited supplies. Berries were
unchanged and Citrus goods were moderate^
active at ' the previously quoted rates.
STRAWBERRIES — Per chest— Longworths.
$G@7; large varieties. $3 50® 4 50; Santa Clara
Berries. $3@7. » J v
RASPBERRIES— Per chest. $.010.
KL-ACKBERRIES— Per chest. $5.
" HUCKLEBERRIES— B@IOc per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $B©lo 50 p«r
bbl; Oregon, $3@3 25. per box.
APPLES — Ssc<gsl per box for fancy and 40®
75c for common to choice.
PEACHES— SmaII boxes, 90c®$l; carriers.
00cS41 15. \u25a0 -±i
PEARS— Bartlett. $2©2 50 per box; Win
ter Nellls. $I@l 25 per box; other varieties,
75c@$l 23 per box.
PLUMS — 65c(g$l p«r box or crate.
POMEGRANATES — 60@75c for small and
$1 75<@2 s(> for large boxes.
PERSIMMONS— O0c<g?l per box.
FIGS — 75c«t*l 50 per box.
. QUINCES — tOSSSc per box. -
MELONS— Cantaloupes, $1 25®2 25 per
crate: Nutmeg Melons, COc@sl per box; Water
melons. $2®4 per dozen.
GRAPES — Small packages — Muscat. 40@S3c:
Elack. 33<370c; Tokay. 40®S5c; Sweetwater.
40SCOc: laabeHa. $101 25; Cornlchon. 75c©$l.
Large boxes — Black, «SOc®sl: Tokay, 75c@$l:
Muscat. 75c®$l 25; Cornichon, $I^l 25; Wine
Grapes, Zlnfandel, $22®27 per ton: -Mission,
$ISS2O per ton; colored. $15®20 per ton. -
CITRUS AND ' TROPICAL FRUlTS—Or
anges. Valencias. $2t£4 50 per boxf Navels, $49
4 25; L#moris, $I@3 50; Grape Fruit, $2 50®
3 50: Mexican Limes, $4@4 50 per case: Ba
nanas, Hawaiian. $I©2 per bunch: Central
American, nominal; Pineapples, $2@3 per
dozen. . -
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins nnd Honey.
Local Fruit handlers. report more disposition
amons sellers to meet buyers, as is usually
the case during lulls In business. -but. there is
no decline In anything, nor Is there any of
any consequence expected owing to the short
supplies and cleaned-up condition of the mar
ket* everywhere. '~*<»rwlse there 1* nothing
new to- report. -
Advices from New York say that the recent
advance In seeded ' Raisins has done much to
restore- confidence and stability In the Raisin
market there. . : ,\u25a0
Honey is meeting with a quiet retail demand ,
at steady prices. -. \u25a0 • ' '.'. "
FRUITS — Apricots. "ViSlOc for Royals and
SVi@l2c for Moorparks; Peaches, 8c for stand
ards. SVic for choice, 9c for extra choice "and
OVi@loc for fancy: Pears, 7^@l24c; JJectar
lnes; 7V4«JSV4c for white and "Vi@7%c for Red;
Plums, pitted, 6@7c for "Black, 7®9c for RM
and -760c -.for 'Yellow: Silver Prunes, 7SBVaC".
Evaporated Apples. 7@BV4c: sun-dried. per
lb- Figs "boxes, 50c for choice; 55c for extra
ch'oicf and €o@i'sc for fancy; bulk white, 2%@
4c per lb: black. 2V»@3c.
PRUNES— OId crop. 363 Uc per lb basis for
the four sizes and 3V4@3%c basis for the large
size*. New crop Prunes, 3H@4c basis for the
four sizes (60-100) and 4@4V«c basis for the
large and Email sizes.
RAISINS — Loose, 4-crown. 6V4c per lb: 3
crown. 6c; 2^crown, 5%c. Seeded Raisins —
Fancy, 1« ounces. SVic; fancy. 12 ounces, 6%c;
choice, 10 ounces, Sc; choice. 12 ounces, 6%c;
Imperial Clusters, J-1 per 20-lb box; Dehesas,
$2 50 ;' fancy, $2: 3-crown London Layers,
$1 50; 2-crown, $1 40; seedless standard loo*e
Muscatels. 4V^c; same floated. 4 1 5ic; seedless
Sultanas, s@7c;- Thompsons. ttVic: bulk fancy.
o®loV4c; bulk chQice. Sc; standard. 7c.
NUTS — Almonds: Nonpareils. 14^@15c; I X
L 13@13i4c; Ne Plus Ultra. 12V4@13c; Drakss.
11V4 and -Languedoc, 10V4@llc; New Walnuts.
No 1 Boftshell. 13c; No. 2. Oc; No. 1 hardshell,
12V4c; No 2. BV4c: Peanuts, &37c for Eastsrn;
Pecans. Iliei3c: Cocoanute. $4 5C®5: Chest
nuts. 10^12>4c per lb.
HONEY— Comb,' 10©llc for white and 7®9c
for amtxr; water white extracted. 6c; white.
4%<R5V.c;- amber. 4i64V4c; dark. ; Ha
waiian" 2s2Hc for extracted.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per'lb. '
ProvislonM.
While there is no ' formal change In the list
price for Hams, *t!ie *rade are generally sell
ing at the reduced . quotations below. Other
wise there Is no change, the market being In
active and uninteresting. -
• CURED 1 MEATS — Bacon. 12Vie per lb for
tieavy, : 12%s- for light medium, 13 i£<^14c for
lisht. 14©14V4c for extra light and 16Vi@17c
for sugar-cured ;. dry Salt Sides. 10H@Uc; Bel
lies 12c; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c:
California Hams,- 12% c; <Mess Beef. $9 50
\u25a0 per bbl : extra Mess.- $10; Family. $11 ; prime
Mess Pork. $14; extra clear. $19 50: Mess.
$17 50: Pig Pork. $22; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked
Beef. 14c per lb. . •
LARD— .Tierces quoted at 6V«c ' per Ib for
California Compound, 70TV»c for Eastern com
pound • and 10c for pure: half barrels, pare.
lOVia: \u25a0 MMb tins. 10% c; 5-lb tins. 10J,c: 3-lb
tins, lie ' '-' '
; COTTOLENE — One half . barrel.. BUc; three
half barrels. B Vie; one tierce. Sc; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, 7% c per lb.
: Hides, Tallovr, Wool and Hops. \u25a0
Local Hop merchants report a steady busi
ness at • the new . quotations below. - with the
market, devoid of. especial feature. The. New
York and European markets rule firm with an
upward tendtney.
Hides continue firm and sellers find no diffi
culty In obtaining fun figures.
\u25a0 There Is . "not , much Wool ' arrivinit In this
market at present, as it is being held back
In the country by the growers. 'who are trylns
to sell it at home. . What comes in, however,
is being taken care of, so there Is no accumu
lation of. stock. The tone of the market Is
steady. ' • ' : .
, HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about V44?lc under-^iuotatlona. ; Heavy Salted
Steers." 12V4c; medium. 12c; light. 11 %c;
Cow Hides. lU4c for heavy and HVic for
'. light;' Stag?. B%c: Salted Kip. ll.Uc: Salted
Year 13c; Salted Calf. 13V4c; dry Hides. 20c;
dry Kip r l7«nSc; dry Calf, 22cT Sheepskins,
shearlings, 25Q'Goc each; short Wool, 50fi9*"Ki
each; medium. UOc^ll 25: long Wool. $1 25®2;
Horse Hldts, salt, $303 25 for. large and $2 75
: for 'medium, $2 25 for small and 50c for Colt?:
Horse Hides, dry. $2^2 25for lanre and $1 T3
for medium fl 50 for umall and 30c for Colt*.
Buck Sk:m>—:Dry; Mexican; • 31c: dry isaltel
- Mexican, 25c: dry Central American, 27c. Goat
' skins — Prime, Angoras. -75c: extra large do,'
i $1 25; large, 50660 c; Medium. . 35540 c; small.
25c ~ - ' - * \u25a0" ~ *
TALLOW— No.' 1 ' rendered. 4V;Ui Vi c per lb ;
No 2. 30-"*4 - Grease. 2@2V4c. - ,
! WOOL— Fall clip — Northern free. 13@17c;
! do. defective. 12®14c: Middle County.. free. 15^
i 17c* 'do \u25a0 defective," 12@14c; . San it.aquln " and
Southern,' ; 10®13c; ' San Joaquin Cantos', hjj
Ute* do, defective, 9©l2c per lb. - . >. »
HOPS-^-1904 crop. U©i3c; 1905. cr0p.. 11©13c
per lb. '\u25a0\u25a0-: . - -:\u25a0 . .
Meat Market.
1 '*\u25a0 The - only - change "Is ' a . decllna In • dressed
Lamb.' which Is ' in .better, supply. : Mutton
continues firm." with no surplus on the market.
Beef and ; Hoga i are steady, with * Just about
enough coming In to .balance .the demand. Veal
continues In good . supply. . -. >
DRESSED MEATS.
\u0084-' Wholesale : rates . from \u25a0 slaughterer! to dealer*
are as -follows: \u25a0 - '". \u25a0 , :. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0= \u25a0
•BEEF — IViSSHc for. Steers and 3Vi®4V»o per
Ib for Cows. "-" "*"*| 111 l liyi lir*li|inffi iiHiirj
v. VEAL— Large, s®7c; small. 6®Bc per lb.
:, Ml'TTON— Wethers, BVaCf9c;^ Ewes. B©9c
per lb. - 'j'IIUjHMWBiBttfaWMBW
'LAMB— O®lOo per.lb
AUCTION SALES
ATTENTION, CATTLEMEN!
AUCTION SALE
From the prUe winning Humboldt herd -of
registered Shorthorns, property of Messrs. B.
F. Rush, and William Fierce. Sulsun, Cat.
comprising 50 head of yearlings, two and tare*
year old bulls and heifers.
Sale takes place at Wlnotta Ranch, Sulsun.
CaL,
THURSDAY, OCT. 19, 1905. at 12:00 M.
Conveyances meet all trains.' Lunch will b*
served. For catalogues- send to FRED H.
CHASE & CO., 1732 Market St.. San Francisco.
ft* AUCTION SALE fe
THIS DAY,
WEDNESDAY, OCT. IS, AT 11 A.' M.
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. "
~ . S=7 Sixth Street.
By order of PacWc Drayage CompaniF I will
i Mil all of their ROLEJNG STOCK, consisting
of 45 good work horses. 1 large truck, 1 slngla
I horse truck. 10 large and small wagons, 'i
I buggies. Soli without limit.
JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
CUSTOM-HOUSE. SAN FRANCISCO. Sept.
30. Laos. — NOTICE — Certain goods remaining
one year la bonded warehouse will be sold at
public auction at the United States Appraisers*
Store on the 25th of October. 1900. at V*
o'clock a. m."
Descriptive catalogue can be had at tha
Custom-houce on October 19, 1909. or at ' th»
time and place of »ale. F. S. STRATTON.
Collector. \u25a0\u25a0 '_
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7®*VSe per lb.
. . LIVESTOCK MARKET. -SKgg
The following quotations are for gocd eiun.i
Livestock delivered la San Francisco, less 40®
43 per cent shrinkage for Cattle.
CATTLE— Steers." sVi@6V»c; Cows and Helf
era. 4Vi®3c.
CALVES— 3Vj©4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3*£t?3»te; Ewes. 3@3U«
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— S2 73#J3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 130 to 250 lbs. 5Hc;
over 250 lbs, 5Hc; under 130 lbs. SV»c;
Feeders, nominal ; Sews. SO per cent off; Boars.
50 per cent off, and Stags. 40 per cent oft from
above quotations.
General .Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 7 Vie spot and 6c for
buyer June- July. 19t*5,- Wool Bags. 30«33c:
small lots. 31®34c; F^ece Twine, 7Vjc; Fruit
Bags. 6 1 J'gTc.
CANNED FRUITS— Tb* California Fruit
Canners' Association quotes the following
price list.
CO I 14 »3 t3 , M
\u25a0 5? * gf gf *
a • * 5? 55 3
fruits. ;-| U Ja f i
Apples $2 00 $1 60:$ l 40|$l 30 $1 CO
Apricots 1 ttof 110 1 60f SO
Blackberries 1.... 1 bOj 1 23 1 IS 1 00
Cherries (R. Ann) 4 00 3 W> r 2 50[ 2 25 .....
Cherries (Black).. SCO 2 40< 2. 00 X 73
Grapes (W.Muscat) 2 00! 130 1 OSf 05| 30
Nectarines 2 001 | 150 130.....
Peaches (Yellow).. 2 40< 1 70! 1 4OJ 130 9O
Peaches (L. Cling) 2 50| 2 CO 1 CO 1 40 90
Peaches (do sliced) 2 50 2 CO 1 60
Peaches <W. H.) 1 83| 1 60
Peaches (do sliced) 2 50 1 85 1 60 1 40 ....'
Pears (Bartlett) 2 25 2 00 1 OS .....
Plums 125 1 COt 9O| 70
Plums (Damson) 1 00 flo
Raspberries 3 00 2 SO 2 25 2 CO
Strawberries 2 50* 2 Co| 1 73| 1 80|
CANNED VEGETABLES — Tomatoes. 2H-lb
standards. So®Ssc; gallon standards. $2g2 23;
S-lb solid pack. 95c. Green Peas — Extra sifted.
$1 10; extra fine sifted. II 25.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, per lb. 4VJc:
cases, regular. 5%c; cases, extra, large. 6Vic:
Eastern style. 6*4 c: "Norway," 7c; Anchor
Brand. 7®7Vkc: "Narrow Gauge," 7V4c; "Sllv»r
King." 7%c; Gold*n State. 7*ie : White Seal.
»Vjc; blocks. "Oriental." 7c; blocks, "Sea
bright,"."Vic: Crown Brand. 7%c: Pearl, 7%c;
fancy Boneless. 9tj9V»e; pickled Cod. bbla.
SS 50: pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 75.
COAL— Wellington. $s per ton; New Wel
lington. *S; Seattle. $6 st»: Bryant. |8 50 f
Beaver Hill. $5 50: Hoslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $3 50;
Richmond. - $%: Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
*14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $9 p«r ton; Coke. $11 50f i:J per
ton in bulk and $15 In sacks: Rocky Mountain
descriptions. 1-5 50 per short ton. . |
CORDAGE — The local company quotes as
follows. 60 days or V>i rer cent discount for
cash, no- sales under 10.000 lbs: Manila. ; Isc:
, Sisal, Wftc: Duplex. 9%c; Bale Rope. ll@UVaO
per lb.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— l2V4@l3*ic for strict
ly prime washed; IHL«I2i 4 c for prime wash
ed: 10^@llc for good washed: ll<@U%c for
'good to prime washed peaberry; 10Vj@Hc for
good, to prime peaberry; 10©llo for good to
prime: 9^9% c for fair; 6Vi@S%e for common
to ordinary.
Salvador— ll@l2V4c for prime to strictly
prime washed; 10<$ 10% c for good wjuhed; 9tf
o*ic for fair washed; 10%eil«4c for good to
prime washed peaberry: 9>^@loVic for good to
prime semi-washed: 9%@10c nominal for su
perior unwashed; 9Vi©3 l Sc for good green un
washed: 10®10V4c for good to superior un
washed peaberry; 6V46SV4C for common to or
dinary, f \u25a0
Ecuador — Current unwashed. 9c nominal.
Nicaragua — ll@l2c for prime washed; 9Vi@
109ic Tor fair to strictly good* washed; 9Vil?
•Vie for good to superior unwashed; 10®10Vio
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— ll Vtfl-"'J for prime
to strictly prime washed; lo^-^HUe for strict
ly good washed; luueiOVie for good washtd;
'••^tolUc for fair washed; 9®oVic for medium;
6»'i©B»ic for common to ordinary; lOtaOtlStf
for good to prime washed peaberry; lOiglOVio
for good to prime unwashed peaberry; 9^<f 10j
for good to superior unwashed.
Hawaiian— V£t@ 14c for fancy; ll*i®l2o for
prime; 10V5@HVic for* good; 9>4®loV4c* for
fair; 10V-jftl2c for peaberry: 7®oc for low
Trades.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 21>'®31c; extra
heavy. 31®£Jc per lb; medium. 2S<B3oc: light.
27@29c: Rough Leather. 28©30 c; Harness
Leather, heavy. 33^J37c for No. 1 and 33639 a
for No. 2; medium. 30037 c; light. 29535 c;
skirting. No. 1. 40<i|42e: No. 2. 3t^33c; Collar
Leather. 15i316c per foot: Trace Leather. 4O®
44c; Kip. unfinished. 40®50c per lbu Veal, fln~
lshed. 50$j60c per lb; Calf, finished, £>ctisl p*r
Ib; Wax Sides l«@l7c per foot; Belt Knlfo
Splits, 14©lee: Rough Splits. S®loc per lb.
, TAXBAHK- Ground. £tf(B4O per ton; stick.
$IS®22 per cord.
OILS — tjuotattona are for barrets; for cases
add sc; Linseed. 54c per gallon for boiled and
32c for raw; Ca.stcr Oil. In cases. No. 1. 7t*c:
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 1 Ifil 16; Lucol, 48c for
bolUd and 40c for raw; China Nut. cases*. <SZ<&
78c per gallon: Cocoanut - Oil, In barrels. Wo
for Cey!on anil 55c for Australian: extra
bleached winter Sperm OH. 88c; natural winter
Soerm Oil. KU;: extra bleached Winter Whale
Oil, 65c; natural Whate Oil. 60c: extra winter
strained Lard OH. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil, ?3c:
Pure Neat«foot Oil. 70e; No. 1 Neat*foot ' Oil.
r»7i*c; Herring Oil. 45c; Salmon Oil, 34c; belled
Fish Oil. 35c; raw Fish Otl. 33c; Taint Oil. 85c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE. ETC.— WaUr Whlt»
Coal Oil In bulk, lie; Pearl Oil. In cases.
17'^c; Astral. 17Vic: Star, K^je: Extra Star.
20% c: Elaine. 2fie; Eocene. 19He; Stove Gaso
line. In bulk. 15V4c; In cases, 22c; Motor Gaso
line. In bulk. 15 Vic; In cases. 22c; No. 1 En
flne Distillate, Iron barrels or drums, 8c: No.
do. 6Hc; cases. 6Hc more; Benzine, la bulk.
12V<c- cases, 19c: StS-degrce Gasolin«. In bulk.
25c: l'n cases. Sic HMIBi
TURPENTINE— 93c per gallon In eas«« and
87c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%®
BV4c per lb; "WMU-Lead, 7%SSVic. accordlns
to quantity.
QUICKSILVER— S37 50@39 per flask for
local use. A
SALT — Bales. 90c for common and $1 fof
granulated: Dairy. $3 50 per tun; Granulated.
$6<86 50; Half Ground. 100-lb bags. $3 23: do.
50- lb bags, $3 75: Rock Salt. $2 7393 In ICO
and $3 23 •In 50-lb bags; Genuine Liverpool.
$11 CO, $12 50 and $13 50 per ton In packages
of 224. 110 and 50 lbs respectively.
SUGAR — Prices were advanced .Isc yester
day. The Western Sugar Refining Com-.
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-ib bags:
Cube*. A Crushed and Fln« Crushed. 5.80 c;
Powdered. 5.15 c; Candy Granulated. 5.15 c; Dry
Granulated. \u25a0 fine. sc;. Dry Granulated, coarse.
sc* Fruit Granulated, 6.05 c- Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 4.95 c; Confectioners'.
A. 5.06 c;' Magnolia A. 4.65 c; Extra C- 4.53 c;
Golden C. "4.45 c; "D," 4.35 c; barrel*. 10c more-;
half barrels, 23c more: boxes, 30c more; ro-ib •
bags. 10c mere for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, , 5.55 c: boxes. 5.80 c; H. A E. Crystal
Doralnoa 9.05 c per.lb. No order taken for has
than seventy-flve barrels or Its equivalent. -
LUMBER— V»ne. ordinary stses, $IS^J9; ex
tra slaea higher; Redwood. $19®23; Lath, 4
feet. $3 73®4: Pickets. $22«27; Shingles. $3
for No. 1: Shakes. $14 for split and $15 for
sawn; tnstlc. $25g43.
Receipts of Prodnce.
FOR. TUESDAY, OCTOBER IT.
•Flour, qr ska. . 6.233! Straw, tona .... : 23 \u25a0
Wheat. cUs ... 1.200| Hop 3 . bales . .. . . 134
Barley, ctls ...2.113 Wool, bales .... 253
Oats, ctls ...... 3,71^ Shorts. «ks 115
Corn, ctls ...... COOt Leather, foils . ,>1 19»
Tallow. ct!» .;. 311 Hides.- No '...:.; " 313
Sugar, ctls 1.750 PelU. bdl a 370
Beans sks ....10.35M Lime, bbls ..... iIS2 '
Potatoes, ska .'. 2.7l3! Raisins, bxa .... i.?. 0»
Onions sks 4531 Wine, gals 40,100
Bran, sks ..... 640; Chicory. , bbls ... lw>
Middlings, tks. . IPo. Quicksilver, flsks. i 20
Hay. tens ..... 70lf
-
STOCK MARKET.
Local Stocks IVeitlected and the Tono
pabs Ranslns Lower. s
'Yesterday was the dullest day on the Stock
Continued on Paxe Fourteen.
1516
I Cafe and Restaurant j
N. E. COR. ELLIS AND POWELL 1
The coziest dining hall in town. Ex- • |
cellent service and unsurpassed |
cuisine. All kinds of refreshments |
served at all hours. A first-class |
family resort. :::::::: |
I Lunch 11 to 2-- - - After Theater Parties a Specialty |
Fabst, Imported Pilsner and Wurtzburger on Draft a
SAYS RUMBLE
IS PERJURER
Graham Announces That He
Disbelieves Testimony of
the Sunset Mine Promoter
Georffe W. Rumbl*. under conviction
In the Federal Court for using the United
States mails to defraud through the sale
of "wild oat" stock In the Sunset Mining
Company, received a Jolt In Judge
Graham's oourt yesterday that astounded
fcim. Rumble had been on the stand all
ct.}- testifying in bis own defense in the
•uit Instituted against him by Dix W.
Bmlth to recover many thousands of dol
lars received through the sale of stock
It Is alleged he converted to his own use.
Rumble's testimony made it evident to
the court that he was evading the issue
\u25a0without retard to the truth, so when he
left the stand no one except himself ana
fcls attorney was astounded when Judge
Graham, addressing Attorney A. R. Cot
ton, said :
"Mr. Cotton, while 1 Have the fullest
respect for your integrity as a practi
tioner at this bar 1 must inform you
that you cannot expect me to believe one
word your clleat has testified to while on
the stand In this case. He has sworn
to statements at direct variance with each
other. Therefore I wish to inform you
that his testimony will be given no con
sideration whatever, as it would be an
insult to the dignity of this court to ex
pect It to believe any of the testimony
triven by him. "
Mr. Cotton did not attempt to make an
answer in defense of his client.
The anxiety of a certain class of East
erners to become stockholders in Western
mining companies, good, bad and indif
ferent, was well illustrated by Rumble
when fee was on the stand. He testified
that he <3i>j>ositf-d in the banks in h!r
name the sum of JISO.OOO altogether. Of
this sum, he paid, S&C'.OW' was his own
money and Sl^o.cOO had been secured
through the sa> of stock. The books,
however, show that he received from the
Fale of stocks a total cf $H3,9>n. Th!w
discrepancy was pointed out to him ana
he was asked what he had done with this
other f43.W and how it came to him,
whether, in checks, drafts or money.
"Well."' paid Rumble, "most of it came*
t" me in money. One man. a Mr. Finch !
cf lowa, came to California and went to j
look at^tue Old Glory mine. He was so '
tvell pleased with its sppearance that he •
came down to my office, and taking
fIMWO out of his sock lir paid It to me 1
for ftock, paying $1 a share."
"He carried that much money in his \u25a0
"Yep; some of it was in gold, but m<»st
of it was i;j greenbacks."
"What has become of all of that
money?"
"I «er.t mjn to Alaska to buy mines. |
They lx>u£ht mines no*-th <if Circle City, j
Just where I do not kr.'>w. We also !
taught a dredge and sent it wj to the
Porcupine River. Where the dredge is
I do not know."
The attorneys representing Dix had
great difTirulty with Rumble fn an efTor
to secure an admission from him en to
what he has done with all the thousands
the Federal authorities hold he illegally
procured through the sale of "wildcat"
ftook. His testimony of yesterday I:; about
es near direct a? they have been able
to •wring from him and resulted in the
cnnouni.-fmpiit of the court that It would
be entirely discredited.
V.'.11l Soil Old Ilesldenr*.
Elizabeth B. King, daughter-in-law
and executrix of the will of th«» iate
Julia X. N"nrrls>. who. prior to her sec
ond marriage was the widow of the
lit* Ptarr King, filed a petition yeater
tny for thp sal*> of real ostate be
lonp-ing to Mrs. Norrls' estate valued
at *60,0n0. Among th»> pipeps of realty
Is the old family r*>sid«>nce at Bu"h
and Jones streets, valued at J4K.000.
The petitioner ftai*es that she wishes
to ??11 th* r"Kld»nr*>. aa the business
diPtrirt is growing around it. destroy
ing Its value as a homo. The other
j>i*r*>s of realty are small and scat
tered.
Pore food law-g are good. The pur ty
cf Burnett's Vanilla ha* n»ver been questioned.*
HYMAN TI'RIT IS I>I«IISSED.— Argument
tcok p!sce before Judge Cook yesterday on an
arrlicatlon for a ti-r!t of habeas corpus for the
Please of David Hyman. who is wonted In
lienver on a- charge of forg*ry. The JudKr
d'r.ied the writ and remanded tfce prisoner
Into the custody of the police.
p INFAINTS " Wii^lli
<p H1 ' vanet >' and '"a&Hitude of assortment of dainty H
Wfi & ar *"ents for infants and accessories Yor their toil-t ;
is always pleasing to m^rTe'rs who visit this 'department. :
Here is every range of price, fr^m ; , \u25a0•-'•'>,\u25a0
the inexpensive; machine-made to tlitr --^ '-V^:.
more costly hand-made garments i : :! .^QC<t
INFANTS' HAND - CROCHETED '
WHITE ZEPHYR SACQUES—Wixlibor- '<* '? A r
ders in contrasting shades of pink «»r blue, I \u0084*- M^
,' (See illustration.) An. example of O^a :^ : >^^l l^
our reasonable prices •. . £mO%j I^^^^^^^'^A
.L- . _ 916.922 Merhet Street -fe^^^^^/-%
FAMILY LIVES
IN VILE FILTH
Parents' Weakness for Drink
Brings Much Suffering"
to Their Five Children
A pitiful case of live young children,
the lodest of which is 8 years, who are
in unhappy plight because of the weak
ness of their father and mother for
liquor, was called to the attention of
the officers of the Society for the Pre-
of Cruelty to Children Monday
night. President Newha.ll and Secre
tary White visited the home of John
Lynch at LSOB Fifth avenue and founu
it in such a filthy condition and the
little ones in surh sorry surroundings
that warrants were sworn out for the
arrest of the parents on the charge ot
neglect of a minor child. Policeman
Lord served the warrants on the couple
yesterday. The children were sent to
a home to be cared for.
Lynch, who is 35. years old, is em
ployed as a laborer at the Albion
Hrewery and earns a wage of $13 a
week. He is a steady worker, bat most
of his earnings have been spent for
liquor. His wife, who is five years
younger, is also addicted ,to the use of
intoxicants and lies about the house in
a stupor from the excessive, use of alco
hol. The children are at times clothed
and fed by neighbors. One year ago
the society was notified of the condition
of the Lynch home and the parents
were notified by the officers to clean.
It. This was done for a short time, but
alcohol held sway and the unfortunates
soon fell back into their old hab'.ts.
The officers of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children visit
ed the house Monday night and found
the premises reeking with filth and the
children were utterly neglected.
When Policeman Lord called at the
home yesterday to serve the warrants
for the arrest of the couple he found
the mother drunk. The five children
did not seem to realize the situation
Only two beds and a couch were In
the house. A baby 8 months old war
lying on a bed trying to satisfy its hun
ger on an ompty bottle.
CITIZENS 3IAKK KEPORTS
OF LOSSES TO POLICE
• »
Snralc Thieve* find Burglar* Continue
to PI? Their Vocation* Through
out 4 Ii«- City.
George Aromis reported to the police
yesterday that during his absence on
Monday his room at '5 Commercial
street was entered and a nickel watch
and a purse containing $90 were stolen.
N\ 11. Marti, 2052 Fell street, report
ed that a hoy about 14 years of age,
climbed through a window on Monday
and stole a Rebecca Lodge gold pin
valued at $5.
James 680 Howard street,
reported that a sa«'k coat was stolen
from a rack In the hallway on Monday
evening.
Mrs. Krank Francbni, 823 Turk
street, reported that a boy about 14
years of age s>na.tohed her satchel from
her on Monday afternoon on Franklin
street between Golden Gate avenue
and McAllister street and ran away
with it. It contained 10 cents and
some car tickets.
James Cunningham, 3SI Oak street,
reported that Ills bicycle was stolen
front the front <->f his father's residence
on Monday aftermwin.
(l|>rn For (tiiMincno,
\\> ar« making teveral alterations In our
ft«r«». nhlih ar«- comijlete in the Picture,
I'rnme. Artist Material, I>>ather # Goods nn.l
Stationer}' dej-.srtnirnt?, and fusioirurs can be
wplted ui-^n without th<? slightest inconveni
ence. Holiday Roods arriving daily. Come
sn«l *r>e i-«- SA.VBOn.N'. VAIL, A- <"0..
741 Market st. *
*\u25a0•; Hibernians to En:rrtnlo.
The annual entertainment and ball
of the Ancient Order of Hibernians,
Division 17, will be held at Scottish
Hall. 107 Larkin street, on Saturday
evening, October 21. The following
talent will appear: Mi3s Julia White,
Misses Pearl Allen and Clara Coyne;
Messrs. Kelleher and O'Connell. Eu
gene Sullivan. Billy Hynes, J. A. Ken
nedy and William Healy. Trie pupils
of Bessie Allen's Dancing School will
assist the floor committee. The Gaelic
Dancing School will attend In a body.
Irish dancing will be a special feature.
THE. SAN FRANCISCO : CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18. 190r;;
POLICEMAN'S FIST RAZES
BIG PRISONER'S NOSE.
tt 1 Til ' r t ' 1 r\ T
Herculean Physique of. Maimed One Is
Eclipsed by of Officer.
Idea That Nasal Damage Was Inflicted
With Club Is Quickly Routed.
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
Prior to the exhibition of Special Po
liceman Oleson's right flst the mutilated
nose of J. D. Ilorton provoked varied
conjecture in Judge Conlon's court. Mr.
Horton sat among the prisoners, and his
..herculean physique lent color to the/ma
; jority's', surmise that his facial' dlsflgure-
I ment was caused by a blow with a heavy
J weapon of some kind, this hypothesis be/
j ing baoed ' upon the logical assumption
! that no person of ordinary prowess would
| be so intrepid as to engage in fisticuffs
| with such a giant. . .
"If the cop did it," declared one chair
+ : \\ — — — . -i-
warmer whose opinions usually carry
weight, "he did it with his club and when
the big fellow wasn't looking."
But when the complaining policeman
stood erect and displaced even more at
mosphere than did the defendant the
chair-warming sage was Inclined - to
hedge. And when the officer held up a
clenched hand and testified that It was
the only Instrument he used in his sub
jugation of Mr. Horton. all hearers be
lieved him, for the fist was almost as
large as the head it had visited with such
fearful result. Mr. Horton's nasal organ,
which originally had been Romanesque
was spatulous, despite the surgical prop
ping of Its bridge, and the wefrdness.of
its white-powder dressing was accentu
ated by the blackened and bruised skin
surrounding it.
Mr. Horton, the policeman averred,
spread terror in Pacific-street dance halls
by his reckless brandishing of a large re
volver, and when his arrest was under
taken he threatened to perforate his cap
tor. 'Twas then the fist swung against
the nose. The subjugation was complete.
In consideration of the punishment to
which he had already been subjected, Mr.
Horton was given only twenty-four hours'
Imprisonment and permanently dispos
sessed of his pistol.
Herman Martens* estimate of the law's
dignity was immeasurably enhanced by
Judge Mogan sentencing him to • six
months' Imprisonment. - - 1
I So slight was the esteem in which Mr.
Martens held .the majesty of the Police
Court that when he was judicially com
manded to provide for the proper main
tenance of his wife and child lie fled the
city, leaving his^ family to starve or be a
public burden, and after remaining away
several months came back, boldly entered
illicit relationship with a Mrs. Koster, re
siding at 18 Rausch street, and even more
boldly instituted proceeding for divorce
on the ground of desertion. It was the
latter act of audacity, that led to his ar
rest and rearrafgnment on the original
! failurc-to-provide charge, which "had
never been completely dismissed.
"My client is willing to glvo his wife
j ?18, all the money he now possesses, and
! to cancel his petition for divorce, pro
i vided she withdraws her charge against
hlro," said the defendant's attorney to
the ' Judge, and the defendant himself
grinned propitiatingly at the bench and
then leered confidently at his unfortunate
better-half. She, poor woman, looked jis
if the proposal was worth considering.
but ere she could express her opinion of
it his Honor spoke. ' ;r; r
"To make such aji offer," he. said, "is
consistent with the brazen disregard of
justice which this defendant has exhibited
ever since he abandoned his family, three
years ago. During all that period he has
not contributed one. dollar to the sup
port of his wife and young daughter, but
has spent his earnings on a paramour,
and he has willfully held this court in
I contempt by breaking his promise to it
I that he would maintain his family. ; - I
j sentence him to six months' imprison- j
ment and regret my inability, to make the
term, six years."
If the roof had suddenly dropped upon
the head of Mr. Martens he could not
have displayed greater "astonishment, so |
sanguine had he been that.his wife would
be tempted l«y t*he $18 to withdraw, her
complaint.
Mrs. Maud Peterson told. Judge Mo
gan that after she le/\ his court the
previous day. where "she. had '- appeared
as complainant against Mrs. pora
Messersmith, accused, of battery, she
was standing on the first block \u25a0ot
Rausch street and talking to her neigh
bor, Mrs. Bray,: when Mrs. Messersmith
passed them . by with her :nose tilted
in disdain, and they, plainly heard her
say the remark, evidently being ad
dressed'to Mrs. Peterson: ; , ;
"Humph: So .ye're jealous of me and
yer husband, are ye? : Humph! So! ye
say I give him drinks, do ye?-. Humph!"
"Them was her words; Judge," said
Mrs. Peterson.
"I never said 'em." Mrs. Messersmith
contradicted. "But as I was passin'
her by and not payin*. no attention ;to
her she said to ' Mrs. Bray, 'Well,*, this
chicken '11 get all that's comin' .to her,'
mcanin' me. of : course."
Mrs.\ Messersmith ; will be sentenced
for battery. " V." . . --l^K
• .- -\u2666\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 •
Charles Davison, , n young fellow who
claims to have ; recently come/ from "Ar
kansas and to be employed in, the mailing
department^of ft morning newspaper, in
sulted several girl ' pupils "of the ; Lowell
Night c School -'as - they • were returning
home, and E.^Mlchels^and : M. Breslauer,
boy- pupils. at the 'same^institution,:, pur
sued him until they, were .enabledj to give
him into - Patrolman ; Lord's : custody.' He
was'booked : for; disturbing ;thef peace,', but
after shearing: the prosecuting,; testimony,
Judge Mogandirected that three separate
complaints/ of • indecent conduct be filed
against hlm.C : ; • ,
j .The defense denies the alleged /Insulting
of the •• girls ; and ; sets up i the i plea -that
Master Davlson :! was watching ; a - house
containing:. a lady of ' his.Vacqualntance
when > Masters ;, Michels ; * and,^Breslauer.
chased him away." l'atroimah Lord stated <
that for three weeks the defendant had
kept nightly vigil at the' place where the
chase began. ' ;s; s
* • *
Michael Jordan, watchman for a con
struction company; at Marysville, had J6SU
in golden cp!n when Patrolman P. J-
Foley found him sprinkling his cash all
over the floor of a saloon at Fourth and
Mission streets and arrested him to avert
robbery. •
"I came down to the bay to" have a
good time," said Mr. Jordan to Judge
Mogan, "and I've had It and want to go
bacfc home."-.
He was was slven his wealth and per
mitted to depart.'.
•• \u25a0 •
John Koss. who pleaded malaria as his
reason for compelling his wife to sup
port him in idleness by toiling In his
soap factory at 20S Utah street, promised
to amend his conduct and was dl*misi<ed
by Judge Mogan. /
"While there's; soap there's life."
wljispered Clerk "Pat" Gray to Mr. Koss,
who heeded not the quip-
* ' • •
Probably because he rossesses. a
name made som/what famous as that
of the very handy welterweight pugi
list, to whom he is not consanguliie
ously related, George Peterson lias sev
eral .times been arrested for fighting,
and in every .instance the evidence
showed that he deliberately provoked
the combat. It was also shown chat
his opponent invariably was his phyKi
cal inferior — a ..fact which indic.vr.;d
that hIS valor was not destitute of dis
cretion—and when he was arra'^nrd
yesterday before Judge Conlan on a
n«w variation of the old charge and
his fellow-defendant proved to bo ,a
diminutive colored man, the court mar
veled not. But when hisi Honor glanced
at the , stalwart Caucasian's battered
countenance and then directed his gaze
at the unsca.thed Ethiopian visage- he
sighed as one quietly exulting, and
murmured, "At last." \u25a0 \u25a0 •
It was the same old story of Mr!
Peterson primarily aggressive, but the
repetition ended with his striking of
the first' blow. After that his experi
ence was entirely novel, as the small
negro literally swept a portion of v
Montgomery-street sidewalk between
Clay and. Washington with him. Su
perior height, weight and fistic skill
served Mr.'. Peterson not well a.t all,
for the little dark man afforded him
no time to exercise any of his Inh2r«»nt
or acquired, .equipment for battle.
When he (Mr. Peterson) , was not
swinging on high and wildly clutching
the atmosphere lie was being, utilized
as a^ broom. - Patrolman C. F. Groat,
who witnessed a par£ of the encount*;-."
and probably saved Mr. Peterson's . life
by stopping it, testified that the col
ored lilMput fan's, work' was the most
wonderful' he. had. ever seen and quite
a few fierce scraps had come within
his observation. \
\u25a0'\\";il wuz Ah teh do?'' the dusky as
tonisher, booked as Hamilton Green,
asked the court* "Ah's a walkln' ehlong
'tendin' strictly to mah own business w'en
dls yah big wnifvmanstahts a-pesterln'
me teh fight. Ah doan ' want- no: flghtln',
en Ah tells him. so; but he "Fi^ts en 'sists
en finally, lands on. mah jaw. \u25a0 Wat wuz
Ah teh do. Judge? Stan' dah en be wal
loped Ink n. chile, eh?" '„
"Like the proverbial pitcher you went
to the well once too often, Mr. Peterson,
and rather, badly you \u25a0; were broken,",
quoth his • Honor. ; 'Til \u25a0. sentence . you for
peace disturbance, and this black cyclone
that you deliberately stirred to action '\u25a0\u25a0 I
must dismiss," if not with commendation
of his conduct, at least without' a repri
mand." ' • v ' , ; ' .
"HuTi, boss, 'taint de bigness dat meks
de flghtah." said Mr.' Green confidentially
to Bailiff : Laws." "De'blggah dey am de
ha'dah- dey : flop- we'en dey goes down,"
he .added, 1 Instructively. '-, •
' Judge Mogan , held- Clarence Coombs,*
cnarged with .having waylaldTand robbed
Thomas Farfell one j recent dark nigh t In
a vacant lot on Mission street, to answer
in the Superior Courtr" with ball fixed .In,
the sum of $2000. v AVilllam .O'Connor, ar
rested as an accomplice, was discharged.
RETURNS i,TO "WASHIXGTOX . ; . j
AFTER INSPECTING FORTS
Lieutenant Colonel Huhlen AVIII Prob
ably: Recommend 3lßny Improve
ments Around the Bny. ,-.- .
Lieutenant Colonel George Ruiilen, of
Ute -; quartermaster, general's j office In
Washington, D. C, returned : to; his post
In- that city last night after aniinspec
tion ; of the .military posts I around the
bay. * During :his: stay. »iere the .colonel
visited. every fort ; in the'vlclnltyjof San 1
Francisco/ ; and (lt:^ Is Mhought^tbatlhe
whl recommend V great {many, improve",
men ts when ; he ; makes his « report. '.r- ''\r.^i
;\u25a0) Colonel ; Morris, / Captai n':- Davis .and'
Captain >sßurgesss Burgess V, made ; », their «*=' semi,
monthly s lnspection of ; Fort'Milcy yes
terday":mornlriJET- C \u25a0'.' "' - ! . ;
. s Captain IM.|L."; Crlmniins. of 'the^Sixth
Infantry,'- now. \ stationed'*- at^. Fort*. Me-;
Klnley, P. I..;is In the- city on a'leave"
of: absence. -' ' ' ! ,f-';?V ' \u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0( ..\u25a0'''" -\u25a0''. ".•\u25a0.:.- I
'.- < Expel ;hßrmlesslv.; hRrmlesslv.- through ! the; natural 1
channels.' all .Impurities; from; the, system'
(or circulation) -with Lash's Bitters. •, \u25a0
VOTE TO TAKE
ACTIVE PART
Three Commercial Bodies
to Send Delegates to
Convention at Chicago
OTHERS MAY FOLLOW
San Francisco Will Have
Voice the Interstate
Commerce Law Gathering
Two, commercial organizations — the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation and the Board of Trade of San
Francisco— decided yesterday to send
delegates to the Interstate. Commerca
Law Convention that will be held 1 in
Chicago on the 26th inst? for the pur
| pose- of discussing legislation relating
to railroads in the United States ":and
especially concerning the powers of
the Interstate Commerce Commission.
Kiich , of the . organizations herein
named will have two delegates..
The Chamber of Commerce has elect
ed one delegate, William R. Wheeler,
and may possibly elect two more, as,
under the call for the gathering, each
commercial organizatioa-Js entitled to
one delegate for .100' members and an
additional delegate' for each additional
:.'OO or greater part, thereof, r \ - .
There are six commercial organiza
tions in kan Francisco, including the
California. State Board of Trader -The
Merchants' Association directors met
yesterdays-discussed' the appointment,
of delegates and tabled the matter,
and it ;is improbable that .the x Mer
chants'. Association, will be represented
at. the Ciifcago gathering 1 . , The Mer
chants' Kxchange has not appointed
any , delegates. It -is said, u'notttclally,
that the California 'State Board- of
Trade will no,t" appoint delegates. Not
long ago -resolutions were adopted by
the State Board of Trade, in which.it
was declared that the< Uourd would not
take up any work that was not ger
mane to th« development of the State.
This aotion may -be- considered sufn-.
cient to cover the matter of naming
delegates to consider national legisla
tion regarding the powers of the In
terstate Commerce' Commission.
.Of the three San Francisco bodies
that have decided to be represented- art
Chicago only one had favored giving
more power to the. - Interstate Com
merce Commissioners than they now
possess. This is the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce. As^far back as
last January and February the matter
was considered, by the commercial bod
ies of this city. An increase in the
membership of 'the Interstate Com
merce Commission - was generally fa
vored, the proposition that was in
dorsed being to add two members to
the commission, both to be, represent
ative of the Pacific Coast. There was
also general agreement, with the one
exception ; of the Sun Francisco Cham
ber of Commerce, that the powers of
the Interstate Commerce Commission
ought not to be Increased. This is the
principal issue that will come up at
the Chicago convention of the Inter
state Commerce Law delegates on the
26* th inst.
The California State" Board of Trade
in its resolutions declared that the ex
port-commerce of California in green
deciduous and citrus fruits would be
endangered by permitting the Inter
state Commerce \ Commission to make
We Picture Just a Few
of the
Many Great Values
that" .
MARKS BROS.
have
Oft Special Sale
} TO-DAY
WOMEN'S s*tt^^£ff&
FLANNEL /Mm^SM^
SKIRT^ : -M((wi\w f™ c£
t> CZf Is to-day's price for thi» regular
XOv* 5<V: Woman's Skirt. Made of good
quality . Flannelette — well made — buttonhole
WOMEN'S, tf -#3/p-
FLkNNELETTE yt&SST
GOWNS^S^b^ SALE
OQ^, Is the Sale Price for this $1 Worn-
Oo w ; an's Night Gowe. Made of heavy
Flannelette — neatly trimmed— double yoke
front and back — cut extra wide and long.
. Klmoria.illke cut.coraes In pretty Orient-
al » designs: In all. the prevailing ".colors.
Made .with- graceful, kimona sleeves. *.
•;..; Dozens -and. dozens, of similar values -
'are to be -found to-aay. In our WAIST,
h SKIRT.: ''WRAPPER .' and < ' CHII^
DREN'S DRESS ; ! ;
MARKS BROS-
' TSi Hame for Honest i Values:^*
;i22^I2^fMi^KETST;
O'Connor, Moffatt ®> Co.
Winter Underwear for Men,
Women and Children
LADIES' VESTS— Natural Gray Merino Vests and Draw-
ers; 'medium weight; sizes 28 to 44. Price
..... *J**
LADIES' VESTS AND DRAWERS— White Merino; me-
dium weight; sizes 28 to 44. Price C\C\
..^P* #^* V
LADIES* VESTS AND DRAWERS— Heavy Australian
Wool; White or Natural color; sizes 28 toflVl O*C
MEN'S SHIRTS AND DRAWERS— Heavy weight fall
finished merino shirts and drawers, in nat-ti? 1 ftft
ural color. Price..... ¥*«VV« VV
\u25a0 ' -'<;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0""\u25a0--
MEN'S SHIRTS AND DRAWERS— Medium weight nat-
ural' color Merino Shirts and Drawers; sizes 28 *9 €f%
' 'fi" m '-' - :- \u25a0, ,'•»_--•
MEN'S SHIRTS AND DRAWERS— Extra heavy Austra-
lian Wool . Shirts and Drawers; natural tt! 1
color; sizes 30 to 50. Price *P * •****
Our stock of UNDERWEAR for children in both gray and
white is very complete in the different weights. Popular
v prices.
LADIES' ONE-CLASP PIQUE MOCHA GLOVES— Ser-
viceable for walking. Colors tan, gray, brown | AA
and black. Price, a pair *P * • VSJ
•LADIES' ONE-CLASP DENTS GLOVES— CoIors tan.
" red and Havana. Price, a pair.... ••C? 1 *\C\
111 to 121 Post Street
the railway rates and become a board
of traffic managers for all the rail
roads carrying Interstate traffic. The
Merchants' Association formally de
clared that "the present welfare of the
manufacturers, producers, wholesalers
and jobbers of the Pacific Coast and
the future growth of and development
of their various and varied business
in/crests depend largely upon a system
of rate-making by the transcontinental
railroads, by which the terminal rate
to which the Jobbing and manufactur
ing cities of the coast are Justly «n
; titled by reason of water competition,
is recognized."
1 The resolutions adopted by th«
Manufacturers' and Producers* Asso
ciation and by the Board of Trade of
'\u25a0 San Francisco were similar In tenor
to those approved by the Merchants'
Association. The. San Francisco Mer
chants' Exchange took no definite ac
tion but reserved judgment until the
question at Issue could be Investlga-ted.
The Chamßer of Commerce adopted
the following resolutions:
R»Holved. That we urge the passage of some
form of legislation with respect to the regula- I
tlon of railway rates that Is in line of th»
recommendations 1 of the President In h!s last
annual report: and
Resolved furthermore. That we urge that the
Interstate Commerce Commission be enlarged
by the addition of two members and that one
or both of these new members be from the
Pacific Coast.
.Possibly the delegates to represent
the Manufacturers and Producers and
the Board oosf s Trade of San Francisco
at Chicago maybe named to-day.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
WANTS MONET FOR \ DIAMOND Maud
Edna Hall, a vaudeville actress, was sued yes
terday-by the Raver Collection Company on *n
assigned claim of a local lawyer, who alleges
the plaintiff owes him $10 on a diamond which
she purchased recently.
MUST PAT HIS DUES.— Juitlce of ths Peace
Golden yesterday gave Judgment for 112 20 In
favor of John Roach, who «u«kl JohnPerada
for the amount alleged to be due for dues and
assessmenta levied en the defendant as a mem
ber of' the Canmakers' Unton.
STATIONERY REPORT.— Stationery Clerk
John F.\ Finn yesterday filed hts annual report
with th« Supervisors for "the fiscal year 1904
1905, showing that the sum of (38,232 08 was
expended | for stationery., printing and books
for the municipal departments, leaving a bal
ancejar $257 92 in the appropriation.
." -\u25a0810 FINE REMITTED.— The fine of $3«»
Imposed , upon' J. D. S,preckels & Bros. Com
pany as representatives of the German steam
ship Memphi has been remitted by order -of
the Secretary of . the Treasury, it appearing
that the captain . was not to blame for comlne
Into port without the required bill of health.,
AIXEGES MAUCIOUB PROSECUTION.—
Mary A Reard#n. who was arrested recently
on complaint ot Caroline McCarthy on a cbargo
of petty larcen>. but who wu acquitted In the
Police Court, ftled suit yesterday against Mrs.
McCarthy for f10. 060 damages- for malicious
prosecution. The plaintiff alleges that her ar
rest was due alone to malice Mrs. McCarthy
bears against, her. ' - "
BAILIFF RESIGNS— Charles Met
nert, bailiff In Judge Cook'a court, yesterday
resigned , from , his : position. Melnert-had twen
distributing cards denoting . the candidacy of.
Thorna* O' Neil for, Sheriff and was taxed for
It by Bheriff Curtis^ to wnoro he owed his ap
pointment. Wheni Curtis asked Meinert what
was proper ' under > the circumstances. ' Meln^rt
said he thought his resignation ' was In order.
v WANTS : BUSCKS NUMBERED.— Assessor
Dodge - yesterday ; petitioned the : Board of Su
pervisors |to | designate -the » blocks \u25a0 bounded by
Parnassus avenue, : Grattan. Cole and Belvedete
streets, '. Grattan. "Alma. Cole • and Belvedere
"streets.T and " the ; block -on me easterly " line of
Belvedere , street . from . Parnassus avenue to
Alma respectively, as Western 'Addition blocks
875, 876 and 877. v The ".numbers have been ap
proved by the City, Engineer. ' ..
,;?. SUES COPPER COMPANT.— Sarah L. Phil
lips.": widow . of. tho. late Henry. Phillips, filed
sjilt yesterday against, the Preston, Peak Cop
p"er Company to recover 30.000 shares of : stock
In the " company. 4 - or * $30. WV. .Us . value. -. Mrs.
Phillips alleges that the cepper company prom
ised ;heri late 'husband SO. OOO ' shares of stock
for I services 5 rendered, but. failed to keep its
agreement-* He died recently and «he now sues
to enforce; the alleged contract::
w PETITIONS TIN INSOLvkNCT.— Petitions in
Insolvency '.were -filed yesterday- In the United
States ' District ; Court ; aa rollows: Robert E.
Herndon. \ Sacramento. '. machinist, liabilities
$552,*? no assets: ! Charles Kellatedt. San Fran
cl»C3."commission merchant. pliabilities $13,841.'
ansets • $1311. ; ,Bcllstedt's principal crecWor*
are :'.; American MUlin*. Company, SWM; Luion
Fted Company Limited.- $2100; Charles H.
Beardsley. $1136; th« San Francisco National
Bank. $1700: Louis A. DouDerty. $2900.
TEACHERS TTIIXT MEZrr.— There will b« a
meeting this afternoon o£ teachers of the first
trade la room 856, City Hall, for the purpos*
of discussing writing number work and read-
In*.
NATURAL
MAHOGANY
is very popular this j
season in Bedroom
and Diningroom Fur-
niture. We are show-
ing some elegant pro-
ductions in pure
Louis XV and Old
Chippendale, both
very choice styles*
SLOANE'S
114 to 122 Post St.
j strongest \ \ LOMpfl -
j built Knives \ lltj^tiw
) on the market. N\. \ MffcYftiJ
: Tho blade? are \. \ KAVinfUi
of the celebrated^ \ HJfiyrJd
Damascus steel. Th« \. vJoJfOFj
- real knife Is about Sttfrujn
; one-third larger than^' l*SSt€
'• acfompaiiytns lllu«tra-\ irffijfa
, tlon. The farmer or me- \ Wr*z!\f
: c-hanic could not get a\3wMor
* better knife. My special |*
; price Is -.SI.OO \\
. i Mall orders promptly filled. \
; ' i- 1 hone and grind all-sorts of
, Cutlery.
; Razors honed and ground a \u25a0"
* specialty.
c Honing 2oC. '
I THAT MAN PITTS
I F. TV. PITTS. The Stationer.
\u25a0 1008 Market St., San Fraarlm-o. J
' HOTEL STi FRANCIS
Has the Best Equipped
. . cb«J Handsomest . . f> J
GRILL ROOM^GAFT
IN SAN FRANCISCO
Business Men's Lunch a Specialty