SAN FRANCISCO,; SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1905.
VOLUME XCVIII— NO. Ofi.
Actor Gables From London to Long Island
Tradesmen That He Will Not
WILLIAM COLLIER MA Y
SEEK A DIVORCE.
Emperor William Order* Remains of
French Prisoner* of War Trans
ferred "With Military Honors.
BERLIN, Aug. 4. — The French Gov
ernment some time ago expressed a
wish that the bones of French soldiers
who died while prisoners during the
Franco-Russian war should be returned
to France. Emperor William has or
dered that this be done and that mili
tary honors shall be rendered In every
lnstance during the transfer.
FRANCE 'WANTS BODIES
\ OF HER SOLDIER DEAD
Charles Moore after robbing the restau
rant of Espa Cenopulos. at 1 eighth,
street, last night attempted to shoot tha
proprietor, who made an effort to capture
him. Cenopulos owes his Ufa to a defec
tive cartridge, as the thug deliberately
pointed the gun in his face and snapped
the trigger. After running several blocks
the fiend was overtaken by policemen
and charged at tha Southern station with
robbery.
Shortly after 9 o'clock last night Moora
entered the restaurant and ordered a
meal. He asked for some fruit, evidently
knowing that the proprietor had none in
stock and would be compelled to go to a
fruit store near by to get some. On re
turning from bis errand the restaurant
man discovered Moore robbing tho till.
Moore fled and Cenopulos pursued him.
At Eighth and Mission streets he over
took the robber and grappled with him, •
Moore drew a revolver and fired point
blank at Cenopulos. The cartridge proved
defective, but Cenopulos released his grip
and Moor,e continued his flight. He ran
down Mission 'street, with Special Police
man O'Nell in pursuit. He ran up Sev
enth street to S.tevenson, and then
through a lot to Market street.
Policeman Charles Goff saw the fleeing
man cross Market street, near Seventh, ;
with a revolver in his hand. Goff pluck
-Ily and with a threat ordered the thus
to throw up his hands. With the threat
"I'd get you if I hadn't thrown my
cartridges away," Moore submitted to ar
rest. \u25a0 ' ,
Moore hart $5 65. H* admitted he had
taken $4 50 from the till, and brags that
he would have killed Cenopulos and Goff
if he had had the use of his weapon. He
is a heavy-set fellow, about 24 years of
age. He says he is a machinist* and Is
from Chicago. The police believe, how
ever, that they have a' desperate man
with a record.
Charles 3loore Tries to Kill
%. Eestaurant Man After Kob-.
bing Him of His Money
POLICE CAPTURE
DESPERATE THUG
BRIDGEPORT, Conn.. Aug. 4.— Charles
F. Herreshoff Jr., a member of a family
of world-wide reputation as designers of
yachts, achieved a triumph in motor
beat building when hia boat. th« Den.
\u25a0was launched on Wednesday by tha
American and British Manufacturing
Company and traveled over the waters
of Long Island Sound at tho rata of thir
ty-six miles an hour— faster than any
boat has ever skimmed them before. Not
even the United States torpedo-boat de
stroyer Porter when ens carried Theo
dore Roosevelt, then Assistant Secretary.
, of the Navy, from this city to Naw York
made such a record.
A mile ia one minute and forty seconds
In a boat thirty-five feet lons was tha
time caught to-day, and tha Den then
was traveMnjr with one cylinder of her
four-cylinder gasoline engine unlinked
from tha shafts. Three persons— Mr. Her
reshoff 'at tha helm. Frederick Bag« 9.
master mechanic of tha American and
British Manufacturing Company, who
built tha boat • under tha supervi.it an of
tho designer, and Mrs. Herreshoff— wera
on board the speedy little craft In her
trial trip to-day. Stranga as It may seem.*
they weighed more than tha folly
equipped boat. Tho Dan when launched
weighed 800 pounds, and of that the en
gine took U3 about 175 pounds.
Seven Inches of water Is all the Den
draws, and when traveling at top speed
she fairly skips along, her bow buried
In a smother of fine, spray and her stern
drawn down slightly by her rapidly
moving propeller kicking water. away in
great curling, foaming waves. She Is
thirty- five, feet over all and four feet
seven Inches wide, and tapers to sharp
bow and stern. She sits unusually high,
even when traveling at her remarkable
speed.
Special Dispatch t» The Call.
Whole Affair Weighs but 300
Pounds and Draws Only
Seven Inches.
One of the Herreshoffs 1 •'
Designs Marvelous .
Motor-Boat.
Den Goes 36 Miles,
an Hour on Her
Trial.
IS FASTEST
CRAFT IN
THE WORLD
: • WICHITA", Karis., Aug. 4.— Mrs. Lewis
Steihbuchel, together .with her three
children and \ three children, of Mrs. D.
F. Lynch, a neighbor, are all/believed
to * have l been • drowned ,in Little , River
near thls'clty this afternoon. The party
went out boating shortly after the noon 1
hour to-dayand at 2 o'clock this mornT-
Itis l had' not been' 1 found." '
Drovrnlnar **t \u25a0, Seven ] la ' Feared.
RENO, Aug. 4.— Hundreds of trout
have been found floating in the Truckee
River in the lower end of this county
during ' the past- several .days. Old
fishermen state the trout . have " died
from sunstroke. StrangVas this claim
mayjeem, it is borne but by the facts.
The river at; this 'season of the year Is
quite ' low, ;\u25a0 the "trout being j compelled
to swim over riffles In many, instances
only a few inches in depth. The water,
already warm from the /'.excessive hot
spell - of ; the •\u25a0 pa«t • month," .; is made / still
hotter by- the constant k rays \ of \ the' sun
in the shallow places.: /fhe flsh : in pass-
Ing over ; these riffles : are affected and
roll over on" tlieir backs dead. . •
FRESNO. Aug. 4. — Emmett .' Riggins.
the contractor who killed Robert E.
Deane,. the writer, has lost his air of
bravado. .In the, hope .^of saving his
n'eefc. his attorneys' have decided upon
the" insanity plea. Many startling* facts
of the coniractor's past life have al
ready j been gathered- to support this
theory. ' When" a small boy Rlgglns in
a frenzy.^ of. anger, ; ; it is, said, hurled a
croquet ball at a playmate, now J. L.
Maupln, : a \- prominent local physician,
knocking .three teeth down his throat.
When; a, grown man, he killed a. valu
able but disobedient dog with an ax.
Man Who Killed Robert E. Drane In
"' Frenno Has Evidence to Sup
. . port Claim.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EMMETT RIGGINS TO RELY
>^-£rJ.'" UPON THE INSANITY PLEA
Hot Spell Causes G real Mor
tal ity A mong Denizens •
MARYSVILLE, Aug., 4.— D. J. Darling,
a passenger on* the : southbound Oregon
Express, fell from -the train at Live Oak
early • this morning and ! narrowly escaped
death, 'as the train was at the
rate of forty -, miles an hour. *V ; ;
Darling £ot off at Grldley to get a drink,
and as ; the "train started he caught the
railing of. the \u25a0closed'* vestibule t on 0 the
Pullman and. clung = there for. ten 'miles
until he had nearly reached Live -Oak;
when he dropped off, too fatigued to hold
longer;: in -his /.uncertain^ position.- 4 He
knows little of , what happened to hlm'.'but
when he | recovered J some [ time j afterward
he was some distance from the track; torn
and bleeding. "He * managed ; to reach j Live
Oak" and :. took ; another train 'for; Ma'rys
vllle, 'where physicians attended .his in
' Juries. "' -. ' • •\u25a0 '~ : - \u25a0 •;:';\u25a0 \u25a0"'.- '.'' '•- \u25a0'• ' : {'. •
Woman Brim?* Suit for $100,000 Against
Eugene McCoy : of
I, Chicago.
CHICAGO, Aug. 4:— Mary T. Hlllyer
has brought suit in the United j States
Circuits Court for : $100,000^'damages
against Eugene H. McCoy, president of
the National Printing and Engraving
Company.:; Mrs. Hillyer alleges -breach
of promise. .' \u25a0 • _
ACCUSES.. MILLIONAIRE
OP BREACH *OF PROMISE
Passenger Has Wild Bide
Until Strerig-tli Fails and
EISH IN TEUCKEE
DIE OF SUSSTBOKE
CLINGS TO BAILING
OF SPEEDING TRAIN
Mr. Jacobs is vice president of the
National- Bank of Commerce at Nat
chez, Miss.,, and Is. sojourning Jn Colo
rado Springs with his wife and chil
dren. The new bills, tens and twen
ties, are; issued .'by -his bank and bear
his. signature. :
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo.. Aug., 4.—
When you have a hotel bill to pay, dear
reader, how would you like to be In a
position to go to a book and tear out
a page profusely Illustrated and deco
rated with fine engravings, hand- It to
the cashier and. get a receipt W>r the
amount of money you owe?
' The Antlers Hotel is, taking. In mon
ey by the yard and it comes in sheets
of twenties, too. The bills are not even
cut apart and are just as clean and
fresh as when they came from, the en
graver. It is money that has never been
spent. A page of these valuable en
gravings was turned in this morning
by Adolph Jacobs, who is spending the
summer at the hotel.
WASHINGTON.. Aug. 4.— The State
Department to-day " telegraphed i the
British Embassador and the American
Consul Generalat Ottawa that the Gov
ernors of New Hampshire, "Vermont and
Massachusetts formally* consented to
passage through those' States V of the
Forty-third Canadian Regiment (the
Duke of Cornwall's Own); who are now
In ' Ottawa waiting to proceed- to visit
Boston and Providence— the only re
striction is in the case of Massachusetts;
where the State law of 1902 -prohibits
the assemblyof. visiting troops for drill
or parade. The telegram to the Embas
sador was addressed to him both at New
York. and the summer home. of the em
bassy at Len0x. ....-., .
Permission Is Given for "Duke of Corn
wall's Own" to Visit Boston
and Providence.
CANADIAN TROOPS MAY
MARCH OS AMERICAN SOIL
Special . Dispatch to The Call
It has been definitely ascertained that
Belcher had several thousand dollars at
least when he disappeared last Monday.
During three days Just before his flight,
aTter he had been confronted by evidence
obtained by bank examiners and had
made confession cf his crimes to them,
he went from one to another of those
who had implicit confidence in his Integ
rity and without any further security
than his personal promise to repay loans
was able to borrow thousands of dollars.
There are many who believe that he had
secreted many thousands of dollars In
addition and that he carried away with
him a comfortable capital with which to
make a new start In South America or
some other foreign land.
It Is now a well ascertained fact that
Belcher has been a thief and a forger, for
at least a dozen years, descending to the
level of the common pickpocket in. rob
bing those who trusted him with amounts
as small as one dollar. He has -on sev
eral occasions escaped exposure only | by
applying on his knees to his victims and
working upon their selfish Interest, prom
ising that if he were given time he would
make good their losses.
These exposures have . convinced the
Paterson business men that he is not the
kind of man who would take his own life.
Thai he will ever be; heard of again Is,
doubted; that the warrant issued at the
eleventh hour will result in his arrest is
not considered within the range of proba
bilities. \u25a0
NEW YORK. Aug. 4.— At last a war
rant has been issued for William H.
Belcher, who is still Mayor of Paterson,
N. J. He is charged with embezzlement,
and the police department has been or
dered to use its utmost endeavors to take
the missing man into custody. But that
he will be located is doubted by every
one In Paterson who. Is at all familiar
with the facts In the case. On the lips
of everybody to-day In the city where
for so many years he was looked up to
as a model citizen, husband and father
was the charge that "the meanest thief"
had by this time placed hundreds of miles
betvrcen himself and his former home.
Special Dispatch to Tho CalL
Banker Does' Away
With Necessity for
onecnSi
Executive of Paterson, N. J.,
Believed to Be on His
Way to F.oreign Land
ATLANTIC CITY. Aug. 4.— Mayor
Story has issued an edict forbidding the
fair sex to appear on the beach in
cream-colored bathing suits. . A num
ber of the younger society leaders of
Philadelphia and Baltimore, who are
both fair; arid shapely, appeared on the
beach in the kind of costumes tabooed
by the Mayor. No end of. confusion fol
lowed immediately and a crowd of men
of all ages gathered on the board walk.
It. had been claimed, that the suits
were practically transparent. Protests
were made by several ladies who do
not venture Into the surf and the Mayor
.was. moved to, issue his. edict. It is said
that he strode down to the water's edge
with firm tread and determined mien.
When he drew close to the wearers of
the offending costumes he politely
turned his back, and, clearing .. his
throat a couple of times, began:
"Ladles, your costumes \u25a0 are, — ah—
very alliterative, and you are doubtless
aware of the sensation you are creat
ing, but. they are— not — well — It's up to
me."
The truth was out at last, and the
Mayor hurried away. Later he issued
an order to the effect that the only
bathing suits allowed on the beach
would be those of non-transparent ma
terial, cut to a proper length.
. Special Dispatch to The Call.
WARRANT OUT
FOR A MAYOR
MANILA, Aug. 6. — Secretary, of War
Taft and party; arrived here , on the
steamship Manchuria at 10 o'clock this
morning. Their arrival was made the
occasion of a gorgeous water pageant.
Governor General -Wright, Major Gen
eral Corbin and Rear Admiral Train,
with their staffs,; and the official recep
tion committee: met the party- when the
Manchuria entered. \u25a0 ' \u25a0 . :.
The battleship Ohio,* the forts ; and
craft in the harbor fired the regulation
salute for the Secretary of War. -After
the party left the steamship they.pro
ceeded to the Governor General's resi
dence, where" the official welcome was
made and where the golden keys of
the city were presented jto Secretary
Taft. Thousands lined the .. streets,
which were elaborately decorated.
"One afternoon, in August, Captain
Bash called on Mrs. Taggart. They
aont rae out to play with the children.
1 returned unexpectedly to the 4ious<s
uJid entered Mrs. Taggart's bedroom.".
Continuing. th« fdenonent said that
Captain Bash was in the bedroom with
Mrs. Tag-gurt. She said that Captain
Taggart scolded Ills wife once when
ehe came home with Captain Bash at 2
o'clock in the morningr..
Lee Mohlcr of Orrville testified that
lie had seen Mrs. Taggart going to
dances with '"Billy" Taggart. lie said
th.it/ these dances were held and at
tended by a select crowd.
It. F. Christie of the same place said
that he lived at the Hurd House while
Mrs. Taggart was living there, and saw
her and "Billy" eat together and sev
eral occasions and saw him go upstairs
with her to her room.
Mrs. Peter Evcrly, who lives next
to the house occupied by Mrs. Taggart
In. Orrville. was called and said that
on one occasion she saw Mrs. Taggart
and "Billy" leave the house in the
evening and return to it at about 5
o'clock the next morning. - She fre
quently saw "Billy" bringing quart bot
tles of whisky to the house and after
Mrs. Taggart left the house they hauled
away a barrel of quart whisky bottles.
The deposition .of Augustina de Aa.
Ci "us, taken in Spanish at Manila, was
introduced. She said:
was offered a drink by William Taggart
et Mrs. Grace Taggrart's house and that
he took a drink from, a bottle handed him.
He said that the major and his wife al
ways treated one another courteously.
G. M. Brennenirn of Orrville was asked
&s to "William Tagrearfs reputation for
morality. The defense objected and then
ensued one of the most brilliant legal and
oratorical battles between Judge Smyser
and James Stifling that ever took place
In the Wayne County courthouse. The
battle continued for an hour and a half,
and after a short recess Judge Eason sus
tained the objection.
The deposition of Mrs. J. R. Moore of
San Francisco was then introduced. It
was to the effect that during the time
I'roni 1901 to 1903 she was nurse for Mrs.
Taggart's mother at the Culver home in
Chicago. Clinton Spencer and Bmyser
called at the house quite frequently, and
one evening. Mrs. Taggait becoming ill,
Spencer carried her upstairs to her room
and the witness went along up and lighted
the gas. Mrs. Taggart told her that once,
while in San Francisco, she, another wo
man and two men went slumming. Mrs.
Taggart's description of what she saw
was disgusting in the extreme.
At the afternoon session Mrs. Faren
baugh of Orrville was recalled to the
etand, but was not allowed to testify
,as to the character of William Tag
gart.
Issues Edict to Smart
Set Girls at At
lantic City.
Battleship Ohio, Forts and
Bay Craft Eire^War Sec
retary's Salute. - \
ARMY OFFICER AND HIS COMELY WIFE. WHO ARE PRINCIPALS IN A SEN- .
SATIONAL DIVORCE SUIT. INTO WHICH HAVE BEEN DRAGGED THE
NAiIES OF A NUMBER OF MEN OF PROMINENCE.
CARRIES BOOK
WITH LEAVS
OF CURRENCY
WELL-KNOWN ACTRESS WHOSE
HUSBAND MAT SOON BRING
SUIT FOR A DIVORCE.
TAFT PARTY WAKMLY
WELCOMED AT MANILA
MAYOR TABOOS
CREAMY - HUED
BATHING SUITS
ST. JAMES, L. 1., Aug. 4.—Consider
able gossip in theatrical circles was
occasioned by the report In the actors'
colony that divorce proceedings were
about to be commenced between Wil
liam Collier and his wife, who Is
known on the stage as Louise Allen.
This talk sprang from a cablegram
from Collier, who is in London, to
Thomas Garrick, foreman of his
country place at St. James, which v read:
"Will pay no debts contracted by~_ my
wife after this date. Notify trades
men."
The cablegram was dated August 3
and signed William Collier. \u25a0 ' *
NEW YORK, Aug. 4.— That a prosecu
tion on a criminal charge other than the
indictment for libel already lodged against
him awaited Robert A. Criswell, editor
of The New Yorker, and editor-in
chief of The Social . Editors', Society,
who leaped or fell under a subway ex
press last night at Seventy-second street
station, was stated to-day at the office of
tho District Attorney. . Criswell's friends
say his mind had become unbalanced
through constant brooding / over ' his ar
rest on July 15, and subsequent troubles
arising from the District Attorney's in
quiry into the Social Editors'^ Society, of
which he was the head. His arrest was
caused by Congressman Joseph L.' Rhi
nock of Covington, Ky., who "charged
criminal libel, because of the publication'
in Criswell's paper "The, New Yorker,"
of an article entitled "An Insult. to Alice.
Roosevelt." ' \u25a0
Assistant District Attorney Paul Krotel
was; very I much surprised "this | morning
when •he learned of 4he-. ** &\h of. Criswell.
Latsrirhejsaid':^ v, ;.>.-/...*.,. ': / .
. "Although no criminal action has been
brought against "Criswell, we were seri
ously contemplating bringing a charge
against him for obtaining money under
false pretenses. Every time Criswell was
here at the office he seemed greatly wor
ried-: I believe' he was frightened into
taking •hie -own 'life, fearing he was going
to be prosecuted. .
"Upon my j superficial examination of
the books of .'America's Foremost Fami
lies,' which . I conducted last week, they
showed that $6,500 • had . been collected and
none of it had been spent toward publish
ing the book. Practically all of the money
had gone into commissions and salaries to
Criswell and Irving and their two col
lectors, A. de Wald Bloom t and Leo M.
Morris. _ , .
"I requested- Criswell to appear here
last Monday and produce the books of his
concern. He promised to do bo, but I
heard nothing from him."
CINCINNATI, Aug. 4.— The tragic
death of Robert W. Criswell, in New
York last last night, following the
complaint made. against his paper, the
New Yorker, for. a publication involv
ing Congressman Rhinock, of Coving
ton, Ky., Miss. Alice Roosevelt.' Con
gressman Longworth and others, led to
the supposition that It was a, case of
suicide, caused by the results of the
publication. Congressman Rhinock
reached Cincinnati to-day from a brief
absence. He said he was shocked by
the news. ~" .
1 "It probably was suicide," he said,
"but I do not believe the charge I filed
against him prompted the act, for Cris
well knew there, was nothing to fear
In my case, y Affairs that the, public
have not* been informed of, I think,
prompted the deed. As a matter of
fact, I do not believe It is revealing: a
secret now to say that since the publi
cation of his answer to .my complaint
Criswell -had -been summoned to the
District Attorney's office a dozen times
on cases entirely distinct from mine.'
I believe Criswell saw himself help
lessly enmeshed and decided to .end it
all. • -
"I believe Criswell was sincerely
sorry for. the publications He did not
reveal to .me the author of the article,
but promised -.to do so at the hearing
in September, 'if, by that time, the man
did not come'forward himself and ac
knowledge the authorship.
"He was not promised immunity. I
told him I would do what I could for
him If he ". told all, but that did not
mean much, as it' was not my case but
that/ of the District Attorney. ,1 . an
only a witness in whatever me case de
veloped into, even. now. Assistunt Dis
trict Attorney Krotel did not promise"
him Immunity that I know of; but he
told Criswell he would , be as easy as
he could." . :- : - . .
Special Dispatch to-.Th« CalL
Subscriptions Taken for Book
Which Has Never Gone
to Press.
WOOSTER, 0.. Aug 4.— The testimony
given !a the Taggart divorce trial was
mostly by deposition. It was of a sensa
tional character, substantiating-. In large
measure, the charges made In the plain
tiff's opening statement and pointing the
finger cf accusation, scorn and condemna
tion at on© who had promised at the mar
riage altar to be a true, faithful and lov
ing wife.
The deposition of Morrow Tag-gait,
father of the plaintiff, was first taken up.
Els testimony was to the effect that he
Sequel to the Recent
Exposure of So
ciety Writers.
Epedal Dispatch to Th« CaD.
New York Editor's
Suicidejls Ex
- plained.
Witnesses Tell of
Wife's Alleged
Misdoings.
Deposition of San
Francisco Woman
Presented.
CRISWELL
INVOLVED
IN GRAFT
SENSATIONAL TESTIMONY
IN THE TAGGART CASE.
THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at San Francisco fcr'
thirty hours ending; midnight, August 5:
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair;
warmer Saturday; fresh west wind.
G. H. "WILLSOX,
Local Forecaster,
Temporarily in charge.
TR PRifTTS /no«it#W m OTHER -PWH ?uW$f$MW
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "Th« Fortune* of tl>«
Kins."
CHUTES — Specialties.
CENTRAL— "The Cattle Klnr." •
COLUMBIA — "Weather Beaten . Bea
ton."
GRAND— Matlne*: "The Little RabbL"
ORPHEUM— VaudevDIe.
TIVOLI — "Rob Roy."
Matlneea at all Theater*.
The San Francisco Call
PRICE FIVE CENTS.The funeral of Mrs." C. P. GUmore
took • place yesterday from the chapel
of~N. Gray, & Company. 610 Van Nes3
avenue- The Rev. CCal vert Smoot of
ficiated. " He , made a', short, address,
closing his remarks with the beautiful
poem, ."Suhset«of : Life." Miss Eleanor
Connell sangr-two solos^ "Lead. Kindly
Light*.' and "Nearer, My God, to Thee."
There.was a large gathering of the old
time friends of Mrs. Gilmore. The pall
bearersi.were: Major s Charles ; L. Tilden,
Charles B. Gilmore. H-'A. Wright. Rob
ert ;McElroy, George G. Winchester and
Fred P. Winchester'
Funeral of Mrs. Gil more.
ST. -PETERSBURG, Aug., 4.^—An of
ficial account received here to-day,-' of
.the strike on the Novrosski Vladikava
-kaz Railway describes a Bangulnary en
counter between, the troops and work
men who were attempting to prevent
*the • departure -of .'a": mail' train. : " After
one Cossack had -.been killed the strik
ers advanced menacingly,'. whereupon
.the infantry'flred; killing thirty, of the
strikers and wounding twenty- two". : 1 . .
BUFFALO, N. V.. Aug. 4.— John
Loughlin, former State Senator and one
of the best known lawyers of this city,
died to-day of apoplexy.
Victim . of Apoplexy.
'WASHINGTON, ; Aug." 4.— That Secre
tary »of the .Navy Bonaparte does; not
propose to "have a navy 'of ."land lubbers"
is evidenced by the new policy announced
to-day ' at the Navy • Department. Here
after special . enlistments:, will be abol
ished .: and -\u25a0 all enlisted C men "will be re
quired,' to - serve their : full time at sea,
with good ; ; conduct a I requisite to" promo
tion. All men on' shore duty for any con
siderable' length; of ; time will be ordered
to * sliips.^' as - soon "as , possible to do their
proportionate; share of .; sea i duty. «hort
age of men and officers for, the new, ships
of the' navy ;. is believed ; to be one of ; the
reasons for s the new, orders 'J s^^^*^^?
Sanguinary" Encbuniir Be
: tween Troops and Jliot
1 ing Strikers:.
. They found out their mistake when
the flagship of the patrol squadron,' the
Grace, and another vessel, the Tipsey,
stationed at Lake Borgne Canal, were
seized, their flags hauled down and the
officers and crews placed under arrest.
The crew of the Tipsey- will -bQ taken
to Bernard Parish;' -while" 1 the crew of
the Grace will be brought to this city,
both to await the action of .the" Grand
Juries of the respective *'» parishes in
which their alleged orfensesVwere com
mitted. \u25a0: : 'i l ' i :Y^'- :'\u25a0 '•':: -*^ ;; v v " '' \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 "\u25a0'-
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 4.— The MissiSr
sippi patrol boats apparently 'thought
the appearance of the Louisiana naval
militia to-day was purely for effect ami
not to stop their further depredations
in Louisiana waters.
Loulsl*iba Xaval Hllttla Capture Two
MisnUalppl Craft.
Bonaparte Abolishes Special
Enlistments and Orders
v Sea Service for All.
THIRTY WORKMEN
SLAIN r BY "COSSACKS
PATROL. BOATS SEIZED.
ANDOVEU, Ohio, Aug. 4.—D. S. Wade,
who was appointed Chief' Justice of
Montana Territory, by President Hayes
and held that olßce twenty-flve years,
died .to-day. at .his 'home in Little Med
ford,: aged 65 years. ;
Dentb of ; n Former. Montnnan.
WANTS NAVY VESSELS
MANNED BY: SAILORS
Mass., Aug. 4. — The
funeral of " Ensign Newman K. Perry,
who lost his life through the explosion
of .the gunb.oat f Benhington at San
Diego, was held here to-day. The body
was o.orne to the cemetery under es
cort of .militiamen.
En«i)ni' Perry Burled.
Upon the.. completion- of the - line cars
will be run t through ? f rpm ' San : Mateo to
Los Gatos.' From the'- latter • point ; a line
is 'In- operation connecting It with
Sail Josel - . The new road -will, mean .elec
tric service between f san 'Francisco \ and
the \u25a0 university I as weir as San Jose. ) ".The
road will meet with favor \u25a0throughout.t he
country aff eotedV as • a competition in ; rail
road rates Is ldoked-forward-to. -.: ,, " .
STANFORD ' .UNIVERSITY,.- Aug. 4.—
The interurban electric; railroad, which is
in course" of construction "and .which- will
connect San Mateo .and Los Gatos, has
selected a routed which* will \u25a0 ctosb the
Stanford estate.- Work hap begun' here on
the survey.- 1 Sanction- from : the Boai d of
Trustees has: been- received and the course
will be laid through the stock farm, pass
ing, in proximity to Lake Lagunltas and
the universltv. : .•.••: 'i: -. t ' *\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 "\u25a0.'.'\u25a0
'Significance is attached. to; the matter as
it is one of the first .indications of the
change in thelpolicy of the management
of the university, ";vMrs." Stanford is known
to have ; expressed a. 'decided .-disapproval
of ' allowing ' any " railroad to cross the
estate."- ..1.'.. ... .: <" ; ' ;> \u25a0\u25a0 ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ~ : -- : ' : •"\u25a0• \u25a0.•.-\u25a0 '-'\u25a0/\u25a0'.'.'
Special Dispatch to : Tb* Call.
Dr. Wyman declined to-night to discuss
what the probable nature of his report
to the President would be. \
Dr. Wyman will confer to-morrow with
Secretary Shaw, the surgeons in the ma
rine hospital service and others as to the
i>est course " to \u25a0 pursue on Governor
Blanchard's request, and on their concluv
sion Dr. Wyman's report to the President
will be based. ' \u25a0' :
, - * \u25a0' "' , \u25a0 . " i : :,»,
other authorities and notify what further ac
tion is advisable and possible for the Federal
authorities to take. Would like full report
from you a« to what would be done. Please
confer with the surgeons general of the army
and navy if In your judgment this Is wise, v
THEODORO ROOSEVELT. [
Dr. Wvman has acknowledged the Pres
ident-'s^elegrarri and. will make a report
to him to-morrow;-.' t, • x.-; '.
Way. Cleared & a Through
-Electric^ Road to, /
San Jose. .
LINE WILL fiRQS^
STANFORD ESTATE
SAN JOSE. Aug. 4. — Antonio Incag
noiie, ,a retired merchant and - saloon
keeper "of this city, died this evening
from a stroke of paralysis received
Sunday. He was^a'natlve of Italy and
80 years of age. He settled In.- New
Orleans in 1849, engaging in the mer
cantile business. vl He served in the
Confederate army, coming out as a
lieutenant. ' Incagnone went ;to San
Francisco in 1870 and in 1872. settled in
San. Jose. A few- years ago he retired
from business. He was a member of
the ' Masons and Odd Fellows. " Two
grown children survive him. ."
Death of Pioneer Merchant.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 4.f— More than two
score of society people of this city had
a genuine scare "and for a time were' in
actual peril this evening. .They started
to cross the bay in the house boat Lady
Moulton for. the purpdse of attending a
dance at Tent City. At the entrance of
Glorietta Bay, on the Coronado side, the
Lady Moulton went aground. While the
engine was being backed in an effort to
get her atloat again there was an explo
sion of gasoline and the boat took fire.
It was useless to try to fight the names
with water, so wet cushions, blankets
and even coats were used by the men In
the party.
"They succeeded \u25a0in putting out the
fire and then there was a prospect that
all- hands, would -have to remain on the
partly burned -craft the rest of -the
night, for the people on the. shore sup
posed that the boat was anchored and
had no inkling of what, had occurred.
By,, good luck, however, about 11
o'clock i a launch came within hailing
distance and took the. party ashore.
Removed for Votlns Frauds.
OL.YMPIA. Wash.. Aug. 4.— Governor
Mead has demanded the summary dis
charge of eight prominent prison em
ployes, some of them men he himself
recommended for positions, becauso
they attempted tv register and take part
in tho ..city election at Walla Wall*
when they had uot qualified. The man
were arrested some time ago -and!
charged \ with perjury, but the. cases
were, dismissed because the Superior
Court held that, the registration . oath
had been improperly administered.
Exfilosioil Occurs After the
Vessel Strands in San
Diego Bay.
YUMA, Aug. 4.— The bringing; into
Yuma' on board the special train ' of
General Superintendent R. H. Ingram
of the Southern Pacific of | an uncon
scious, well-dressed and apparently re
fined- woman has developed a mystery
which ' involves, according to his own
story, a nephew, of the late Bishop Kip.
According, to Engineer. Johnstone, who
was bringing the special from Sal ton,
where- . Superintendent Ingram \u25a0 and .
party of -.Southern Pacific officials had
been called, it whs by the narrowest: of
margins that; the woman escaped being
ground to death under the -wheels .of
the', train. Superintendent Ingram or
dered the woman to be. placed on board
.and taken to -Yuma. -On the way the
woman; regained consciousness long
enough to exclaim "I want to kiss my
husband; I want -to .kiss my husband."
.Then she relapsed Into unconsciousness.
The^woman had arrived at the South
ern Pacific hotel the . previous evening
*in company with a tail,- athletic and
'well-dressed man, . who registered as
"Mr, and Mrs. Kip, San Diego." In con
versation with: Proprietor Wiggins of
the hotel to-day j Kip claimed that he
was a lawyer and a nephew of Bishop
-Kip of the Episcopal church of Cali
fornia, who died several years ago.
t i It afterward transpired: that the, man
'claiming to be Kip 'had had a violent
quarrel with the woman. \u25a0He was later
located on . an ; Indian Reservation • and
\u25a0locked up for disorderly conduct.
' Special Dispatch to The Call.
The child's father,' Prince Charles of
Bourbon, -will be married in November
to Princess Maria Teresa, his deceased
wife's sister. • - '
Maria llfonxe, Heir Presumptive to
Spanish Throne, Victim of Meningitis.
SAN SEBASTIN, Spain, 4. —
The Infante Fernardo Maria Alfonsa, son
of the late Princess of the Asturias (sister
of King Alfdhse) died this morning of
meningitis^ He was born February 28,
1903.- : ..... -- ;>::S
FRESNO. Aug. 4. — George H. Freese,
a teamster, knocked his wJfe invisible
with a heavy club to-day because she
remonstrated at a severe ; beating he
was giving a balky horse. Indignant
neighbors rushed' from all directions,,
but Freese used the Eame club to chase
them out of the yard. Finally a police
man came and took . the teamster into
the Police Court, where" he' was fined
$10.
The incident occurred as Freese was
hitching up his team preparatory to
going to work just after the midday
meal. The wife was carried into her
own house and revived by neighbors.
Fresno Man Employs Bludgeon on
Spouse When Sbe Pleads for
• the Animal.
TEAMSTER USES SAME CLUB
' OX WIFE AND HIS HORSE
BOAT WITH SOCIETY .
PEOPLE TAKES PIRE
DEATH TAKES BABY PRINCE.
Worn/in Said to Be Mrs. Kip
Has a Very Close
Call.
NEABLY RUN OVER
BY SPECIAL TRAIN
• SAN DIEGO, Aug. 4.— A telegram re
ceived this afternoon by Gordon &
Goodwin from Atlantic. City, N. J,, an
nounced the death of T. T. Hillman. the
well-known Birmingham (Ala.) capital
ist, who owned a beautiful residence on
Upper Fourth 'street in this city^and
spent his winters here. The funeral
will be held at Nashville, Term., on Mon
day. Hillman spent considerable money
on the Yuha iyell in an effort to de
velop oil on the. desert. He was Inter
ested in other San Diego enterprises.
T. . T. HUlman, Well Knovra to San
Diego. Passe* Away.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 4. — Army orders:
Captain Arthur Cranston, quartermas
ter, and . Captain Charles S. Wallace, .
Signal. Corps, United States transport
service, with station at San Francisco.'
will be assigned for duty with the sta
tion, at Seattle. Major Daniel A. Fred
erick, military secretary, is relieved
from duty in the Philippines Division* '
and will proceed to San Francisco, and
upon arrival report to the military sec
retary of the army for further orders.
Sergeant Wilfred Bishop. Hospital
Corps, now at Fort Sill, Oklahoma, to
be sent to the depot for recruits and
casuals at Fort McDowell to report to
the commanding officer, who wtll send
him by the first available transport to
the Philippine Islands; upon arrival at
Manila he will report to the command
ing general of the Philippines Division
for assignment to duty. Ordnance Ser
geant Richard Kuebn. Fort Duchesne,
Utah, to be sent to the Presidio. San
Francisco, reporting to the commanding
officer for duty.
ARMY OBDERS.
DEVTK <»F A CAPITALIST.
I.omax 3X50 Guaranteed Shof».
Honest ail through. Equal to any ?5.0»
Shoe in style, fit and wear. Lomax $2.50
and J3.50 Shoes for men. 16 Fourth st.»
•BABI'LOX L. 1.. Aug. 4.— Mrs.* Mary
J. Cnrlisle/wtfe of fdrmer Secretary of
the Treasury ' John G. Carlisle, died to
day at her country home In , West
Islip aftep an illness. of three weeks,
aged 70 years. She was a' daughter of
Major John A. Goodsen of Covingrton.
MRS. CARLISLE
DIES AT LONG
ISLAND HOME
NEW YORK, Aug. 4,^For the first time
since his entrance into Wall Street, Rus-,
sell "Sage ; celebrated his birthday away'
from h)k. beloved office-to-day..-The'bur
den of "eighty-nine years and- the inroads
of bis recent illness combined to induce
the aired financier^ tb : turn 'his. back^upon*
his" ancient business associates and meet'
Father Time i» the seclusion of his sum
mer residence in Cedarhurst, Long Island.
And so it. transpired that the friends of
yore, who for more yeais than most men
can remember, j have greeted' Mr. Sage In
his office upon each ' recurrence of his
natal day, were when they
called to-day to congratulate him' upon
attaining his eighty-ninth year.
James Talcott. an old time' dry' goods
man, and Charles Ridgely, a banker of
Springfield, 0., were among the .two score
intimates of Mr. Sage who caJled. Mean
while the object of so much solicitude
was -quietly enjoying the day with Mrs.
Sage and a party of intimate' friends at
Cedarhurst. He went down early in "the
day and presided at an informal dinner
given in his; 'honor. .
ST. PAUL, Aug. A. — Although, con-,
ditions approaching a tie-up have not
yet' developed-as ; a result of the strike
of telegrabhers on the Great Northern
anfl ; - NcrthcrtV Pacifio -railroads,/in
creasingly, .serious are A belng
caused in^the'j[rrtovingjof '_ traffic: ' To
night the *ij'ffec'r ? of 'theHtHke was be : .
comiag manifest in. the moving, of pas
senger tniins, which the,-. officials ,by
strenuous efforts have been able so far
,to keep practically on' schedules. " In
formation given -out- Kf- tho Union sta
tion in St. Paul shows tliat while nearly
all the morning trains of both roads
were on time, midday and .afternoon
trains have been coming in at all hours.
What the outcome of the freight
situation will be is" problematical. The
railway officials say that they are tak
ing all the business offered 'and' will be
able to take care of it ' The operators,
however, are aware- of 'the difficulty
with which freight is being moved and
predict that when the heavy movement
of crop begins presently the tie-up will
be realized. Perishable freight was-re
ceived to-day in many gases' without
prepayment -and refrigerator cars
started in an' attempt to make local
deliveries where possible.' s No guaran
tees are being made to deliver at points
where stations have been closed. Iron
ore traffic at the head of the lakes is
moving without delay. ; • "
Reports from official sources on the
number of union- deserters and the
number of stations operated vary wide
ly. General Manager > Horn of the
Northern'l'aclflc and General Superin
tendent Slade of the Great- Northern
say that they are continuing to get
men from -the union ranks, and Presi
dent Perham declares that these state
ments are greatly exaggerated in -each
case. ... - ... '
Numbers of stations are being opened
on both roads.' clerks from the general
or3ce of the roadfe tiiid. other employes,
besides dispatchers, >being used to aug
ment the ranks 'of the strike breakers.
Those who are riotTtelegrapbers are as
signed to smaller stations to take care
of the freight and express business.
Eiubas*ador to Court of Kins Edward
Entertains Friend* Visiting 1-on
. don at Luncheon.
LONDON, Aug. 4. — Whitelaw Reid,
American Erabassador. entertained at
lurfcheon to-day, a number of his
American friends' who are visiting Lon
don. The guests included Charted H-\
Boynton of New York. Mr. and ' Mr*.'
Jordan of San' Francisco. Robert J. r
Wynne, the American Consul General;
Professors 'Wilcox. HufTcut and Hull of
Cornell University and Sir Celsper Pur
don Clark, director of the Metropolitan
Museum of Art, New York, and Lady-
Clark. ' ,-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WHITELAW REID PI.AYS "
HQST TO AMERICA* GUESTS
Northern Koads Are Hav
v ing Great Difficulty ,in
Moving r Their Trains
Russell Sage Celebrates His
Eighty -^inth Birthday
at His Summer Kesidence
FEEL EFFECTS
OF THE STRIKE
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 4. — Charles F.
Pflster, one of the wealthiest citizens of
'Milwaukee, was indicted by the Grand
Jury of Milwaukee County to-day,
charged with stealing $14,000 belonging
to the Wisconsin, Rendering Company
of this city. At the same time indict
ments were returned against four oth
ers, the charge of bribery being alleged
in three of the indictments an«i one of
perjury. The list of persons for whom
capiases we're issued is as follows:
Charles F. Pflster, capitalist, one. in
dictment, larceny; John F. Dittniar,
formerly supervisor, one indictment,
bribery; George F. Reichert, supervis
or, one Indictment, embracing fourteen
counts, bribery; Barney A. Eaton,: State
Senator; one Indictment, bribery; Frank
F. Schultz, formerly'newsp&per report
er, one Indictment,' perjury. ,»v/». *
J The indictment against Mr; Pflster al
leges that on March 30,- 1901,* the ac
cused was bailee of.'fl^QOO/said amount
being deposited with him for the.Wis
consin R^pderingCompany; for the RUr-;
pose of "ob'taining 'for the .company a
valuable contract from' the pity of M-H
waukee for the ' disposing of- garbage.
If not so used the money,.wa3 to be
returned to the company.
It is charged -that. 4he- money w&s
not so used, and that Pnster converted
it to his own use.
The indictment caused a profound
sensation. Pflster is engaged in many
of the biggest enterprises of Milwau
kee. He is a director in one of the
leading banks, owns a large interest in
a big tannery, is proprietor of a large
hotel and owns one of the ' leading
newspapers of the city.
Pnster issued a statement declaring
the charge absolutely false and with
no foundation whatever.
The other four Indictments are in no
way connected with the charges against
Pflster.
To-night's; batch of indictments
makes the total number so far returned
by. the present Grand Jury 133. The
jury has taken a recess until August 22.
STAYS AT HOME
FOR FIRST TIME
One of Miiwaxikee's EicJiest
Citizens Stands Charged
, With: Stealing $14,000
NEW YORK. Augr. 4. — President Paul
Morton of the Eaui table Llfe.Assur
.ance Society. to>day appointed Douglas
Robinson of New York, a brother-in
law of President Roosevelt, as special
appraiser to make a thorough examina
tion of * the real estate owned by the
company.
Forty-nine directors of the Equitable
Life Assurance Society were served
with paper* to-day, notifying them of
the suit brought by Attorney General
Julius in behalf of the State of New
York to recover any funds of the so
ciety'which may have been diverted
f rom^the proper coursa
Among those served -were C. E. Tar
bell, second vice president of the so
ciety; , George T. "Wilson, third vice
president, and Henry-Rogers Winthrop.
financial manager; William Alexander,
secretary of the society, accepted ser
vices for all concerned.
Forty-Sine Directors of the Equitable
' • i Accept Summons.
notice: of s*it served.
WEALTHY MAN
IS INDICTED
Have recefved following telegram from Gov
ernor Bl&nchani of Louisiana:
• "At a Joint tne«»tlnr of representatives of
m.ll coir.rr.frcitl bodies of New Orleans and
otn«r. prominent perrone, at which w-?re pren
• «nt the Mayor of the city, the Stafe health
euthoritieti and the New Orleans Medical As
•oci&tion the following resolut*on was adopted:
••.Tb.«t this m**tin£ indorse the proposition
to aik the Vnited States Government to take
cont/ol of the yrllow fever situation in yew
Orleans; that the Governor of the State and
the Mayor of the city t>; requested to take
f-teps to carry this proposition into effect.
Further, that the hearty co-operation of th«
£tate i and city governments end the State and
City Health Boards and the rwrish medical
eocietls-n and of the merchants and people
generally be pledged tn such action as may
be taken ty the Government.'
"I am requested by the Mayor of the city,
the pre^Jent of th« Stat» *nd City Boards
of Health and by a committee of prominent
citisetu to transmit the above resolution to
you and requeKt you to take over on behalf
of the Federal Government, through the
proper channels, the yellow fever situation at
ICew Orleans. This I do now and urge speedy
action on your part.
"N. C PUANCHARD.
"Governor of Louisiana." ,
PJeaw? take *very fcrep in your . power to
cert t far;, situation a.t: New . Orleans and j ccnv
<y with the request, of the Governor and the
INSTRUCTS WVMAN".
WASHINGTON. Aug. 4.— President
Roosevelt to-night forwarded to Surgeon
General Wyman of the public health and
marine hospital service a -telegram from
Governor Blancbard of Louisiana re
quesfmg that the United States Govern
ment take control of the- yellow fever sit
uation in Ntw Orleans. The. President di
rected the surgeon general to take every
'tetey in his power to meet the situation in
New Orleans and to notify him what fur
ther-action is advisable and possible for
Federal authorities to take. The tel
egram in full is as follows:
XE\T ORLEANS. Aug. 4.— Fever re
port' to 6 r. m. :
>>*r «"«*.«»«. 43. Total eaurn to datr,
475. n<mb«, B. Total deaths to <1a:«-,
«9...>ew *?>.b foci. 10. Tolal »n!» foci, 71.
With no intention or admitting- th-s
fev.er Miuntioo to be Second control,
but in the hope of reviving' conJidenoe.
ricre an<i c!^<?whcre In the So-.Kh, oS)elsl;
and busi'iess interests decidr'i to-day
to send a rei'liest to President R^osa
veit to have the United State 3 Govern
ment assume full rharfje otjjffit strus
grle now in progres? t--> v.-ipe oui yellow
f«vcr from yew Orleans. T:ie public
approves the action tal;cc. Expecta
tions is thnt within t!:e next t-.vo 'lays
Surg^^cn General Wyaiau. with nil the
rtsourccs of the Government, will be
<er.liEte>J actively in the canipaign.
\u25a0 Th»r action -Taken was the result of a
tnf-diiug held late to-<£ay at ihs Cotton
KxcUunst.
It was the consensus of opinion that
if Government coutro] \u25a0 w»s- resolved
upon there \vouJ<l ')<? an !mined!ate re
storation of con:;<3ence throughout
Louisiann- an(! tlic other States in the
Sout'i. -a-her* tl^ere has been criticism
of thfiocal e-Jthorlties for not sooner
making public the existence of t'.ie
lever. !t w*.k !'\u2666«•» b»»iief of thof?e pres
ent.that (JenciVil Wyman tvill be able
to send a force of physicians to Xe*
Orleans thoroughly quipped for the
haqQlir.E of a yellow fever situation be
' cause of their experience Jn Cuba. Jlex- i
"ico anil at diff»r<pnt points in the United i
ytatesand that, tire Government would
have the facilities for enforcing a sci- I
eatlijc ctimpaigrn not posatssed by the
loc&l authorities.
UOVERXOR NOTIFIKD.
Inime<!iate!y after the netting a tele
gram signed by the Mayor and other
interests reprosentc-d was addressed to
OoveruoT BJanchard. telling him of the
action taken.
The announcement of the action tak<?n
at tirsr created some alarm fn the city,
grovrny out of the rear tnai it meant that ;
the eituation had grown ' cntr/ely beyond
control, bu^ ihat alarm wee allayed when
it became Known that rhe authorities had
acttd { sitnjjly in the belief that the
prompt • action now in turning over the j
direction of affairs to the Marine Hos
pital Service, in whom there is supreme
confidence here, would almost certainly
6.vert ; an ' epidemic*. v ' ~~- " i "-"-*\u25a0'••-'•\u25a0 '
- At a conference at the City Hal! it was
decided that Mayor Bchrman should issue
a proclamation requiring every business j
.house in the city to close its doors on j
Wednesday next in order that , employes
•might take a hand in the general clean
ing movement that has been inaugurated, j
Merchants are to be.' asked fo furnish j
•their carts and floats to assist in carry- j
'ing, 'away refuse. A thousand 'carts will!
be required in the work. A special ap- |
rf>eal is to be addressed to householders!
to co-operate in the sanitary campaign by •
the thorough cleaning cf their back i
yards.
WANT PROMPT REPORTS.
The Major decided to borrow an addi
tional JJO.OOO from the fiscal agents to!
assist in tne work. To-day the Board Of !
Health Instituted a new rule requiring j
its inspectors to make prompt report of
c-as-. .c. To that -order was due the*"fact
that twenty cases had been announced 1
•early in the afternoon as occurring dur- I
, Ing the day. Yesterday the 3 o'clock re-!
port was of seven new cases and two
% deaths. The announcement at 6 o'cJock
j that there were fifty-four cases and five
* deaths was due to the fact that the in
spectors turned their cases in in Punches
"late in tne evening, and had a most dis
quieting effect on the public, which ha«
been led to believe that the situation was
improving. Hundreds of people are tem
porarily moving out of New Orleans Into
St. Tammany Parish. St. Tammany is
practically the only nearby haven to
which local people can go. The parish
has refused to put on a quarantine and
has opened its doors to all refugees. That
*is due to the fact that a case of yellow
lever was never developed there, even in
the most serious epidemics here. Cases
. have been taken into the parish, but whe
ther the patient recovered or died there
has never been any extension of the in
fection. The reason for the Immunity of
St.* Tammany is that the stegomyia has
never existed there.
Because of the rigidity of the quaran
tines instituted by Texas and some of the .
parisfies.tn Louisiana the' Southern Pa
cine' has suspended passenger traffic and
has also refused much of the freight of
fered to it. General Freight Agent Fay,
however. Issued an announcement to-day
thaju beginning on Saturday, the road
•wo\jld again receive freight for Texas
points. /r.
Public Approves Action and
' Sturgeon General "W.vmaif s
Forces Will liake a Fight
- to Stamp Out me Fever
REVIVE CONFIDENCE
STEP JR TAKEN TO
XKW YORK. A ugv 4. — Duns weekly
I reVlew of trade to-morrow will say;
Business continues to expand In a whuiesoma
manner that promises well" for the future. Re
i ports trom the lea<l!ns branches of manufac- .
ifr#s are unanimous in- telling of an increasing
i volume of orders anil the percentage of idle
machinery steadily diminished. Better pros
; poets for the crops removes the only handicap
that imr>ede<l the revival of trade, and favor
able weather for a few weeks will assure un
precendented production in the aggregate, al
though the yield of cotton will fall consider
ably behind last year. The month of Ju!y ?
made a most encouraging exMblt. in so far a»
statistics arc available. liabilities of failure*
being smafler than in any month Since April.
ISOI, and railway earnings surpassa iast year »
by 9.1 per cent. Foreign trade at thi3 port
for the last week sho*s gains of $1.77tf.«61 in
exports and $1,b«!5,5C4 in imports, as compared
witb the same i>eried- of 19«4.
Kecant advances in hides \u25a0 are fully main
4taine-t,4 taine-t, and in some varieties of the market
'strength has increased and importers are act- \u25a0
ively bricring in supplies from turop*. It is
estimated that this foreign trade has already
aggregated over KU.COO hides.
Failures Tor this week in the I'nited States
arc 223. against 192 last week and 1 >•> tn the
preceding week and *iU> th« corr»pondir,s weex
last year, and In Canada '-'«. against VIT last
wtek. 'Si the preceding week and IS last year.
Bradstreet's to-morrow will say:
Trade and industry improve as crops ma
ture. Fall business, while not yet in full
swing, shows signs of expansion, and Western
trade opens a week earlier than last year.
Weatner conditions have favomd crop growth
and harvesting, ff-ar of rust damage to spring
wheat has disappeared, torn promises a record
: yield, and both demand and collections hay»
improved a3 the result of an- early wheat crop
movement in the Southwest- Mid4*4mmer
quiet, so-called, i 3 less than ordinarily mani
fest this year in trad* industry and financial
operations.
Bank clearings for July break all records
for the^month and railway earnings show pro
gressive gains on the lx>st summers of pre
vious years, with an increase of 8 per cent
over July. 1901. the fiscal year showfcig 5 per
cent Increase In gross and 4 per cent gain tn
net over the preceding year.
Best trade reports come from the Southwest,
where the new winter wheat crop has been
irathered-. Collection* in that s»ctton. wn
bractng Oklahoma. Kansas. Missouri and Ne
braska, have al! improved.
The .City of Mexico correspondent wires that
escelient crops of all kinds are anticipated In
the republic. Everything points to continued
prosperity in that country.
Wheat < including flour* exports for the we4H
ending August 3 are 1.041. fi0«> bushels, against
723.314 last week. 13U.10S this week last year
and 3.tM<.».62» in 19CG.
From July 1 to date the expert* (corrected
are 4.373.443 bushels, against 6.5«5.a75 last
year. ;
Business - failures in the United States for
the week ending August 3 number 173. against.
107 last week and 179 in the like weak of 1904.
In Canada failures number 23. against 2!»
last week and 25 in this week a year ago. .
CHICAGO. Aug. 4.— Three hours of dis
cussion of life insurance problems by a
committee of the IroquoisClub yesterday
left only one Question in the minds of the
investigators.- It was:* ' \u25a0-'.
. "Is Congress authorized under the pres
enC Federal constitution to enact legisla
tion placing the companies under Fed
eral supervision?"
The possibility of improved State regu
lations is not regarded with so much
hope." /. •;•-.• :\u25a0; r : *.;. \u25a0 '> -: : ,
A. sub-committee "of four attorneys fwho
have_ made a' study.'of theliffc insurance
laws" was appointed 1 t^looir into .the ques
tions of ccristitutldnajlimitatlons on Con
gressional action and 'to report toj the
regular committee; at the end, of; two
weeks." It is also requested to" investigate
any measures, to -make- more effectual the
supervision of the State superintendents.
'\u25a0 The committee members will confine
their attention' almost entirely to learn
ing if the insurance business may be
classed as interstate commerce and 'thus
come under the jurisdiction of Congres3.
If the decision is reached that the legis
lation required is beyond their authority
measures 'for'- securing a constitutional
amendment will-toe* considered*. j
.There are now two bills for the .Fed
eral regulation <of insurance pending in
Congress, one fathered >by Congressman
Morrell \u25a0 and • the . ether " by Senator Dry
\u25baden.''who suggests . a "comprehensive . sys
tem of control. Neither has 'been acted
upon, and thje question of Federal juris
diction has > been presented to the; Su
preme Court. It is to' the-' support 'of the
latter proposition, that the Iroquois [Club
and its supporters probably will turn.
Statistics for July Are En
coiiraofiiitr. Showing Few
est Failures in Years
Health Authorities at New
Orleans Send an Al>poal
to President Rooseyelt
for Federal Assistance
DUFS TJiADE KEYIEW
r
OAKLAND, Aug." 4— Following the con
' fession of Percy Pembroke yesterday,
i John . Schneider. b:oke down .to-day and
told the detai a of the murder and rtifcS
.'; bery. of Thomas W. Cojk; the young
J Fruitvale grocer. Sheriff tJarnetis con
! vii-eed that- Uecrge tJlaker.- to whom of
the youthful trio it fell to deal the blow
wnleh dropped the victim, will also make
:a. confession. ... r* •
; Barnet was willing to give
.; o«i the HfMttbroke confession in detail, he~
jfefutta to speak of the Schneider con
1 f ession. • - • .
fcchuciiier's stcry agrees in air essential
! deia is with thai of Pembroke, and' he de- •
• cares, as does Pembroke, v.at Blaktr
I dealt the blows that caused the deatn of
Cock. "Hie ntcries of Schneider and Per
n, broke are the sam't as to the general
! plarnine of tho bo.d-up. Schneider, in ad
: (iltioa, says that the trio watched Cook
jail during that Saturday night until he
j left the store. Then they followed-him
j until ihty get- to the dark place in the
road m»ar Fiujtvale avenue. Schneider
| claims ;hat he and Pembroke were a little
I behind HlaUer when ..ie latter struck the
j llcw that ie«:ea Cook to the. ground. He
! agrees that Pembroke ran, and says that
< while be stocd by he did not rob Cook.
j Bcficeidcr declares that he did not get any
(of the money. ( . - • "
! Pembroke 4nd Schneider have shielded
: themselves as much as possible in the
j confessions.
SAYS HE GOT XO MO.XEV.
As to the money taken from Cook, both
I Schneider and Pembroke are very posl
! tive tliat neither obtained any. Schneider,
; Jn his story to-day, denied that he got
j any of the coin. at the time, though he
| admits that Blaker paid his expenses en
I the Sunday following the hold-up when
j they -.vent to the Chutes and around San
! Francisco.
Blaker_is the only one who has said
I nothing. H!s father has employed A. JL.
: Frick to look after his case, and, acting
i upon tho advice of his attorney, the boy
| refuses to talk. • •
The murder of Cook and the arrest of
', th(s gang of ycting criminals has ended
i the reign of terror in Fruitvale. The
j youthful desperadoes had planned a series
of hold-ups. Had the Cook robbery been
accomplished, without detection, a long
iist of East Oakland and Fruitvale citi
zens would have been stood up, for they
were marked for future operations by the
gang.
Mll.l.Cn MARKED BY GAXC.
.Thr man who was marked for the next
hold-up was James Jiilkr, the East Oak
land pottery man. who lives on Twenty
! lifth avenue. . Miller • is " a man • who -is
known aYound East Oakland as always
carrying n considerable amount of money
with him. He Is also the possessor of a
large number of very fine diamonds which
j h<? wears nearly all of the time. With
I a set of three very fine shirt .studs and
several rings. Mr. Miller has at least $1500
north of 6tones thai could easily be njade
salable "by simply lenocking them but of"
the settings. Thr "Jim Crow" gang knew
" this, and it had marked Miller for its
next victim.
The fact that the gang had picked other
victims would indicate that Cook mu>t
: have eithor made a fight .that caused
j th^m tv beat him into insensibility, pr
I that, in their excitement, they, struck
I harder than they thought. : . j
The funeral of Thomas \V. Cook took
j phice to-day fcom his home on Fruit
| vale- avenue. The services wore very
1 simple and were conducted by the Rev.
j Robert Whitaker of . the Twenty-third
Avenue Church. The services Were very
quiet and were attended only by the fam
ily. Friends were asked not to send
flowers.
! Tt*r -inquest will be held to-morrow
j morning at the Alameda branch morgue
£n& will -be conducted by Coroner Mehi
mann in person. It i% expected that all
1 four of the gang now under arrest will
I be taken there by Sheriff Barnet, and ;t
I is possible thjit one or all of them may
be put upon the stand before the Coron
er's Jury,
[Declare He Was Instigator
and That He Dealt Fatal
Blows With the Bludgeons
BOTH BLAME BLAKEK
| Tells Same Story of the Cook
Murder in Fruitvale as
His Pal Pembroke Did
Manufacturers* Reports TeU
of Increasing* Volume of
Orders of All Kinds
Gongiuss 31 ay Have No
Power to Place Companies
Under Federal Supervision
JURISDICTION DQUBTFUL
Cliicagfo Investigating' Com
mittee Has Life Insur
ance Under Discussion
VICTORIA, B. C; Aug^ 4. — The many
objections made by George D. Collins
were all overruled by Judge Larapman
.this morning-, and Collins will now.ac-,
gue a motion he has raado for the dis
missal of the extraditor. proceedings on
tho grouhti that the facts shown do not
•\u25a0onstitiite: perjury under the laws of
Canada, as well as under the law of
California! if.-.- :! r^ : .m s ' ' . -...
: Collir.s ,jitta<;kpd- th'erjWeddiH^* certifl- ;
cate purporting, "to 'Show : hie marriage |
on Mny/15;^ 1559, to Charlottta: Newman.
He said tife ji and writing.'. was T perhaps
a forerery-.^ '-Furthermore, Cthe ;•- woman
alleged t<j ha'yo^.then' become. -his wife
and tho priest Alleged to >. have sql.
eninized the • wadding had -not beep
brought tx> .Victoria \ to give evidence: -
•'You x fcnnw. ..very^we.ll that Father
Connolly; ;whof performed .the marriage,
is dead, jjllr. \u25a0 Collins,'. 1 , said -Mr. J Higgihs
for the prose^ftfiion.,, • . , : »." -
. Objections were' also raised to the af
fidavit ui>on\ which, the -perjury - was,
charged, iTheJudpre held that: It was'n
question of .fact. that , was to' be. proved
regarding .' ; the . oath made ln£ another
jurisdiction— not tfcuestion ofllaw. \u25a0
. - . •.'\u25a0\u25a0-•'\u25a0: '" j^- \u25a0 A '\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0 .'\u25a0\u25a0:
Argument Will Proceed us
to 'Whether Facts ?show? $how
Perjury by Canadian Law
NEW" POINTS TAKEN UP
Judge Lampinaii in Victoria.
Overrules Contentions of
t he' San "Francisco Lawyer
WELL TAKE
FULL CHARGE
SCHNEIDER ADDS
HIS CONFESSION
COLLINS' HOUSE
OF CARDS FALLS
MAY BE ABLE
TO DO NOTHING
PROMISES WELL
FOR THE FUTURE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, '-SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1905.
AGED FINANCIER WHO TESTERDAT. ON HIS EIGHTY-NINTH. BIRTHDAY, IJOR
THE FIRST TIME SINCE HIS 'ENTRANCE INTO WALL STREET, CELE
BRATED HIS NATAL ANNIVERSARY AWAY FROM HIS BELOVED OFFICE.
Laxative Br6m6" Quinine," U»e world wide Cold
Cure, removes the cause. Call ' tor the' full name
\u25a0nd look for signature of E. , W. Grove. '\u25a0( 25c. •
Summer Colds.
Yon mlfht as well put your mone j- In
real ," entnte. lVn the mat e«t In xest ment.
\u0084 :0: 0 ,Tlie : Sunday CALL'S realty columns
are profitable readlnc- •-• -. .
; Copenhagen; f Aug. U- -r -crown
Prince Gustave \u25a0of Sweden arrived ; here
to£day?to; discuss with; King Christian
the ' Question 1 of^the '\u25a0 Norwegian throne.
Guatave Visits Kins Christian.
PARIS. Aup. 4.9-The]: following Calir
forrilans '.registered - at ;. thej\ Herald
Bu r eau'- to - day : ; EL; E. Gu mm er and wife;i fe;
San Jose; Max Popper, \ San Francisco;
C. H. Hessions and wif ci J Lois Angeles.
Max Popper In Pnrlu.
'.'\u25a0 MINING ; MAN'? DIES '. SUDDENLY.— Harry
C. Anderson,' 54 ' years old, .at. one time a min
ing man,' died t h-ufldenly /last .Thursday : night,
presumably- of • heart dl*ease.\ His \u25a0 body - was
found yestej-day. afternoon dressed in his night
clothes and^ sitting in a chair in his 'room In
the -Winchester '.Hotel'. on Third street. \u25a0 Ander
«on ! was a . Confederate 'veteran of the Civil
_war,n.-'.;- v i; \u25a0\u25a0>...\u25a0 \u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0->. .-:-'; ;\-'\ <\u25a0;\u25a0'' • \u0084 \u25a0\u25a0 - \u25a0 \u25a0 [•.
2
Few people know the
comfort and. beauty of
perfect natural skin.
. Have you used Pears'
soap?
~- \u25a0 i -Sold all over the world.
I visit OR. JORDAN'S great 4
2BUSEUH OF iSHATOMY)
A (^ 1351 aiRSETST. Ist. 6tU;tl.S.f.Cii
m -Jj&atm. r<krl<l - Wiakßeuca or »n» «sßtraat«d j
\ 8B?28ft l "'»T««ltl-»«'lyear»a'i»Tti« oJdes* 7
$ P^Ss C3 ' J 2RDAH-D!SEASES 0* K£H *
\ V \S?§^ §\u25a0• CoB«n!ta:!«n trts »ad strictl- rrif«» \
0 fl M Tr ** tm «°t p«r!mn»lly or By Utter. A g
\ B / f S sentvir nnin ever y u» asdcr«kta. W
V¥ il ViW Wn " fcf Book, VIit LOSOPH V i*» J
\ H 11 M -*»KSACK. 'iiILEO ra££. 'AT
£ i* 11 »»li»6!« buck tot twa.j • A
f TDK. JOBDAX *.CO~.JOMM*rt*tSt.,S.F. "
1
CAREERS] cmE SICK fIEADACIIE "
QBiTTLE . Genuine Must Bear
HIVER . Fac-Simile SignatureSALT LAKK, Aug. 4.— After Judge
George G. Armstrong of the District
Court Lad Jss\ied and dissolved an order
restraining Councilmen Rulon S. Wells.
W. J. Tuddenhnm and A. F. Earnes from
voting for tho compromise ordinance
consolidating and extending the fran
chises of the Utah Llsht and Railway
Company, the City Council earljj this
morning X'» ss^d the ordinance by the
vote, of S ayes a.nd 7 noes..
Ordinance I» Passed.
Placed In One of the Pipes In the Klin
and Cause* Great - Ivvts
Damase.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 4. — John Merke
ley, a hop raiser of Tolo County, whose
ranch is located several miles up the
river from this city, to-day told of the
wrecking of a hop drying house owned
by his brotner Charles by giant pow
der. The damage will amount to sev
eral hundred dollars. Merkeley. .said
the giant powder had been placed in
one of the pipes In the kiln, but he
r-ir 1 no Idea- who bad committed the
dee 4. •.*• : Tv, ; v • j
GIASTT POWDER WRECKS
A HOP DItYIXG HOUSB .
RKDDING, Aug. 4. — Southern Pacific
detectives are hard at work on what
Is believed to be a murder mystery. Two
weeks ago the body of a man was found
near Cantara t Later developments re
vealed the fact that he was a Southern
Pacific "spotter." The parties to the
crime are believed to live not far from
Cantara.
Body Fonni) In Northern Part of State
and Detect lven Put to
Work.
RAILROAD SPOTTER MAY
HAVE DEEX MURDERED
Technicality Invoiced to Secure Release ,
of One of the Desperadoes at
Folsom.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 4.— Tho entire
day was taken up In Judge Hart's
court in an effort of counsel for the
defense to secure the release of. Charles ; .
Carson, one of the escaped Folsom con
victs on trial for his life, on the- ground
that proceedings were not brought
against him within thirty days as the
law directs. The court took the matter
under advisement until Monday next.
EFFORT MADE TO FREE
COXVICT CHARLES CARSOX "
Against, a system. Out of the old comes th«
new. It eliminates red tape. Shaw- Walker
card systems means the doing away with spe
cial thinking: this automatic method will han
dle the routine work. Our salesmen will g-ladly
explain and Rive you a catalogue free. Sanborn
Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
Pigeon Holes
Yon would like to and could own one
of the Homes advertised, la Sunday's
CALL. . .
City or Suburban— a* yon pleaae \u25a0 mold
on Installment*. Read the adj.
SEATTLE, Aug. 4.— Misfortune still
continues to follow the Robare family
in .Seattle. Each member has been In
jured one or more times by accidents
and has many times sued the corpora
tions alleged to have been responsible.
Now Miss Gertrude Robare, 23 years
old, Is the proscuting witness against
Jesse Miracle, a Seattle real, estate
man, who, she alleges, betrayed her
after taking her through a mock mar
riage ceremony, and then secured near
ly $1000 that had been awarded to her
In damages against the Seattle and
Renton railroad. .i^: r
The girl says she met Miracle, who
claimed he loved her and asked her to
be Ms wife. Miracle lived but a short
distance from the Robare home and
called there often. When Miracle
asked Miss Robare to.be his wife, she
consented. At his request the mar
riage was to be kept very quiet. A few
days prior to. June 13. the girl alleges
that Miracle took her to the home of
a relative, where she went through a
ceremony believed by her to be a legal
marriage. , Later she says she learned
the marriage was only a mockery. In
the meantime, she says, Miracle had se
cured her money and when he had gone
through with about all of it she dis
covered that she was not his legal wife.
The facts came out when Miss Robare
learned that Miracle was engaged to
marry another girl. -
EUREKA. Aug. 4.— The wrecked
steamship Tricolor, which went ashore
on the MendocJno coast ten days ago.
Is proving, a rich harvest for wreck
ers, and material worth thousands of
dollars has been landed at the port of
Eureka every day. The principal ones
to benefit are longshoremen. The .slop
chest-has been rifled of several thou
sands of dollars' worth of clothes. The
brass fittings of the steamship hava
been taken, as well as all the. lines of
ropes and a portion of the machinery.
Underwriters have not yet abandoned
the vessel, and complications will arise
over tho thefts. Several persons have
viewed the wreck with the idea of pur-,
chasinsr from the underwriters, atnons
them Henry Rogers, who has Just re-,
turned to San Francisco. It was stated
that he would make a bid. but unless
speedy action is taken there 'will ba
nothing left to sell but the hull of tho '
vessel, which Is valueless, owing: to
the fact that it cannot be approached \
save by small boats.
The Tricolor has shifted her position;'
and now lies \u25a0 with her bow pointing
to the shore. There are still no signs
of its breaking up. The Interior of tho
vessel has not even been moistened with •
water.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Learns That Jesse Miracle
Was Engaged to Another
When He Made Love to Her
Even Parts of the Machinery
and the Brass Fittings
of Vessel Carried Away
CONTINUOUS THIEVING
TAKES CASE TO' COURT
Seattle Girl Says She Was
Deceived by Mock Ceremony
and HusbandTookHer Coin
Stranded Tricolor Stripped
of Supplies and Furnish
ings on Mendocino Coast
MARRIAGE COSTS
HER A FORTUNE
WRECK PROVES
RICH HARVEST
The man who wanted to buy. a lot and
the man wh<j- \u25a0wanted to , sell " one were
fellow-passengers on a. - street car to
day—but utter strangers to each other:
A want advertisement, inserted by
either of them, would introduce them.
LODI.Aug. 4. — The price of Tokay
grapes has advanced from $150
an ";acre for the crop to $180
an acre, this figure being paid
to-day for the crop from a . ten-acre
vineyard in this county. In this bar
gain the purchasing company picks the
grapes and the owner practically clears
$180 per acre.' The grape crop\in North
ern: San Joaquln will be the heaviest
in years and over 1000 acres of new
vines will come in bearing this season.
Grapes Advance In . Price.
Populaer Clamorou* for liivißtence Upon
Stern Peace Term*.
TOKIO, Aug. 4. — The Russian Emper
or's r«»rent response to petitioners and
the utterances attributed to M. de
Witte while discussing 1 Rus&ia's atti
tude toward the peace conference are
creating a somewhat pessimistic feel
ing here relative to the result of the
conference, althouph many completely
discount the publk: utterances of the
Emperor and M. de Witte.
It Is confidently believed that the
credentials of M. de Witte and his as
sociates will prove satisfactory.
A large section of the public always ,
NIPI'ON IS PESSIMISTIC.
.SAN, JOSE. Aug. 4._ G eorge L.
Tonkin was appointed Chief of. the Fire
Department this, evening by the Fire'
and police: Commission.. He succeeds
George E. Hines, who died suddenly
last Monday while on a visit to Lodi.
Tonkin has been connected with the
Fire Department for eight years, . six
of which , have been of active service.
Since February, 1904, he. has been cap
tain of Engine Company No. 2. Tonkin
is a native of ' Nevada, 34 years of age
and a lathing contractor by trade. He
has resided here for eighteen years. .
Namril to. Fill Place Recently Made
Vacant by Death of George
Hlnes.
Mrs. Fife told the other waitresses
that she and Kruger were going away
together. Monday evening when Fife
reached home he failed to find his wife,
and as she did not return the next day
he began an investigation. He learned
the couple had purchased tickets for
the north and left on a train' Monday.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 4.— Mrs. Hattie Fife,
a pretty waitress employed In Leach's
restaurant, eloped with "Dutch" Kru
ger, a -stage hand of the Victory Thea
ter, on Monday evening. The woman
had been married but seven months, her
husband being a railroad man employed
in the narrow gauge yards. She is only,
13 years of age. Kruger, who is said
to have been an actor, drifted into town
about two months ago from Salt Lake.
Since then he has been employed as a
scene shifter. He boarded at. the res
taurant where. Mr 6. Fife worked and
soon the other employes- noticed a love
affair between the two.
GEORGE TONKIN APPOINTED
FIRE CHIEF IN SAN JOSE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, Aug. 4.— Surveyors in
the employ of the Northern Electric
Railway Company "have commenced
surveying the route for the proposed
railway from Marysville to Sacramento.
The road leaves be.re from the foot of
G street, go^ng across the low lands at
the~ mouth of Yuba River. Indications
are that the survey, will be' along the
levee on the east side of the Feather
and Sacramento rivers. This company
Is now building a j railway | from Chico
to;Oroville and has a survey and rfehts
of way from the latter place to Marys
ville and hence to" Colusa. Engineer
Compton is in charge of the party.
Mrs. Hattie Fife Leaves Her
Husband for Another
in San Jose.
SURVEYS BEGUN ON ROAD
v >>.;>; RUNNING INTO MARYSVILLE
YOUNG BRIDE ELOPES
WITH A STAGE HAND
HATTIESBURG, Miss., Aug. 4.— J. G.
Smith, city convict guard, . was assas
sinated here this morning* by two negroes
of his gang, William Horn^and "Kid"
George. Horn made his escape, but
George was captured, together with a
negro named Ed Lewis, alias Brock, who
had struck, the shackles from the mur
derers. They were placed in the City
Jail after Brock had bee*n severely
whipped to force him to tell where Horn
had gone, but" refused. • '• -
To-night at 9 o'clock a mob gathered
and quietly took the two negroes from
the jail and hanged them to a bridge in
the glare' of the" electric light. Brock
fought and cursed the mob, but George
begged for his life. , .
A posse Is In pursuit of Horn, who was
last seen fifteen miles. from Hattiesburg,*
passing through McLaurln. He will be
hanged if caught.
Satisfied With America'!* Henrty Recep
tion to .sorsliis de* Witte.
ST. PETERSRURG. .Aut,-. 4.— Thfl
newspapers generally express satisfac
tion at the reception received by M. de
Witte in the United States, in which
opinion all along had been Tpainted as
favorable to Japan, and a more optim
istic tone regarding the chances of
a successful outcome of the neace ne
gotiations is manifested. With a few
exceptions they find themselves In sym
pathy with the position of M. do
Witte, as expressed in interviews with
him on his arrival In New York*.
RUSSIAN PRESS' IS PLEASED.
The tram was running from Atlantic
City and had 3ust passed over a bridge
at moderate speed when the engine ran'
into an open switch and was derailed,
along with the tender and two baggage
cars. At this point the rails are laid on
a steep embankment which forms the
bridge approach and the engine and ten
der toppled y\er the embankment. The
coupling pin bftween the tender and the
first car snapped, leaving the coaches,
which fortunately stopped, on the em
bankment The fireman saved himself by
jumping. No passengers were injured.
NEW YORK, Aug. 4.— Engineer "William
Moody rolled with his engine down a
steep embankment at Bayonne. N. J.,
to-day and was drowned. • The engine
plunged out of sight into deep water. A
crowded excursion train on the Central
Railroad of New Jersey, was left ma
rooned,' and, with passengers panic
stricken on a trestle above the bay, sav
ed from the same fate only by a broken
coupling pin and the bravery of the lost
engineer, who went to his death while
In the act of setting the emergency
brakes. , .
MOB LYNCHES
TWO NEGROES
Engineer in New Jersey
Bragged Into Bay by Cap
sizing Locomotive.
Attempt to AssnKslnnte a Riiasfnn Of
ficial Is Unsuccessful.
ATKARSK. Russia, Aug. 4. — An at
tempt was made to-day to assassinate
M. Stolypine, the Governor of Saratoff,
while he was driving. Three shots were
fired at him, but without effect.
SHOTS FIRED AT GOVERNOR.
PREVENTS A WRECK
AT COST OF HIS LIFE
has doubted that Russia was entering
the conference in good faith, and has
asserted frequently that Russia is
trying to force Japnn to show its hand
to gain the advantage of an armistice
or secure a diplomatic advantage which
will deprive Japan of the fruits of its
victories. It is now pointed out that
Russia, in various ways, is endeavoring
to minimize the effect of the Japanese
victories so as to enter the conference
not as a beaten power, but upon' an
equal footing with Japan.
The near approach of the meeting of
the plenipotentiaries is again centering
popular attention on the question of the
terms of ponre. Public sentiment seems
permeated with a grim determination
to secure conditions regarded as com
mensurate with Japanese successes ana
assurances that peace will be perma
nent, or to continue the war.
! envoys will be conveyed to Portsmouth,
! X. H., where the sessions of the peace
conference are to be held. Soon after the
departure of the guests the Mayflower
and Dolphin will weigh anchor and start
on their journey, convoyed by the cruiser
I Galveston.
DX WITTE AT OYSTER BAY.
President and Mrs. Roosevelt to-day
Informally entertained Sergius de Witte
and Baron Rosen. The distinguished vis
| itors arrived in Oyster Bay at 12:30
I o'clock from New York. A number ot
residents of Oyster Bay had assembled at
the station to see the Russian envoys.
As they alighted from the train they
were confronted by a battery of cameras
backed by a lot of enterprising: photogra
phers. Baron Rosen waved them aside,
indicating evident displeasure. The en
voys were met by messengers from the
President's official household, and escort
ed by the officers were directed to a car
riage which the President had cent to the
station to convey them to Sagamore Hill.
Neither Mr. de Witte nor Baron Rosen
would make any comment upon their vis
it. They entered the carriage in waiting
and with Secret Service Operative Burns
on the front seat were driven rapidly to
the President's home in tilde for lunch
eon. President Roosevelt gave Mr. de
Witte, who was presented to him by Em
bassador Rosen, a most cordial welcome,
and they chatted informally and ani
matedly before the luncheon was an
nounced.
Soon after arriving at Sagamore Hill
Baron Rosen conveyed to the President a
vigorous protest against the actions of
some of the photographers at the railroad
station. He did not conceal his annoy
ance at their strenuous efforts to obtain
pictures. The President called two secret
service officers and gave directions that
the annoyance his guests had been sub
jected to on their arrival should be avert
ed if possible when thry returned to take
their train for New York. While some
pictures were taken at the station on
their return, the envoys were subjected
to no jostling or Inconvenience.
It was the desire of Mr. <le Witte to
pay his respects to President Roosevelt
before the formal reception of the en
voys to-morrow. That his visit was
of some significance is, perhaps, beyond
doubt, but positive assurance is given
that it did .not differ' materially from
that of Baron Komura last week.
AMERICAN' ADVISER TO BARON KOMURA. THE JAPANESE PEACE PLENIPO
TENTIARY, WHO WILL PLAY A PROMINENT ROLE IN THE NEGOTIA
TIONS SOON TO OPEN AT PORTSMOUTH.
Extent of His Llue* Unprecedented in
the History of War.
LONDON, Aug.' 5. — The Daily Tele
graph's Japanese correspondent at Mojl
comments upon the tremendous extent
of General Llnevltch's command. In
cluding, as it does, Vladivostok and
Northern Korea, and doubts the Rus
sian general's ability to have effective
control of such far extended lines,
which are unprecedented in the history
of the world. He declares that the
coming battle, unless it is averted by
peace negotiations, will be on such a
gigantic scale as to decide the war
once and for all.
LINEVITCH'S TREMENDOUS TASK.
special mission will be presented to the
Vguefets of the President on board.
At the conclusion of this ceremony the
Russian plenipotentiaries, Sergius de
Witte, president of the committee of
ministers, and Baron Rosen, the Russian
Embafsador to the United States, ac
companied by their suite, will board the
Jlayfluwcr and in the same formal man
ner be received and presented to the
President.
BROWN MAX TO 31EET SLAV.
The envoys of the two powers then will
bfe presented formally to one another,
. when every effort will be made by Presi
dent Roosevelt and Assistant Secretary
Peirce to render the ceremony as natural
and easy as possible.
These ceremonies concluded, a luncheon
will be served. In order to avoid any un
usual questions cf precedence, the lunch
eon \u25a0will be a buffet collation. Thus will
be, avoided the seating of the guests at
table with the President. The party at
the luncheon will number about twenty
five.
Shortly after the luncheon President
Roosevelt will take leave of the envoys
and will return to shore in a launch. His
pennant will be lowered and another sa
lute will be fired as he leaves the chip's
tide.
v From the Mayflower the Japanese en-
and their suite will be conveyed to
toe dispatch boat Dolphin, which will be
anchored near by, the Russian envoys
and their suite remaining on the May
flower. On these ships the two sets of
OYSTER BAY. X. V.. Aug. 4.— Final ar
rar.gements were completed to-night by
President Roosevelt for the reception of
\u25ba the Russian and Japanese peace envoys
:o-rr.orrow. The reception, which will be
a formal greeting to the representatives
Of the belligerent powers by President
Rocsevelt on behalf of the United States
Government, will take place on the cruis
er Mayflower, the finest vessel of her
class in the navy. It will take place at
1:30 o'clock and will be attended by a
rotable demonstration in honor of the
distinguished guests of the country. wh»
• nve been designated by their Emperors
iis their representatives to the Washing
ton peace conference. •
The President and the State and Navy
c-partments will unite to extend a cor
dial greeting to the plenipotentiaries and
to facilitate in every possible way their
mission of peace. Every honor due to
their rank -will be paid to the envoys, and
the cordiality of the greeting by the '\u25a0
President o:i behalf of the American peo
pte will; leave nothing to be desired.
The c'/uiser Mayflower arrived here and
cast anchor in the lower bay early this {
afternoon. She is under command of j
Commander Cameron Winslow, the Pres
ident's naval aid, and carries a full com
plement of 250 men. Her interior fur
nishings are beautiful and she has been
especially fitted for this occasion.
SISTIH CRUISERS FOR ENVOYS.
It is expected that the Sylph, the Pres
ident's naval yacht, with Assistant Sec
retary of Slate Herbert D. Peirce and
some cf the guests invited to the recep
tion of the envoys, will arrive to-morrow
morning. Secretary Peirce, who in the '
absence of Secretary Root will represent |
the Department of State, accompanied :
by his guests, will go aboard the May- ;
flower probably about noon. He will be j
accompanied by Rear Admiral Charlr-s D. ;
Sigsbee as a representative of the navy :
and Major General Frederick D. Grant, j
'\ wtfimander of the Department of the j
as a representative of the army.
The Russian and Japanese plenipotenti- j
aries and their suites will leave New
York to-morrow morning, the Japanese at
& o'clock and the Russiane at Id o'clock.
The departure will be from the foot of
East Twenty-third street. The envoys j
and their suites will make the trip to
oyster Bay in sister cruisers, the Chat
tanooga and the Tacoma. Thus they will
not meet until they reach here and are
formally presented to the President of the
United States. The cruisers are expected I
to arrive in the outer bay, that bearing
the Japanese exvoys about 11:43 o'clock
and that bearing the Russian plenipo
tentiaries an hour or so later.
RECEPTION ON MAYFLOWER.
President Roosevelt will go aboard the
Mayflower at 1 o'clock. He will be greet
ed with a Presidential salute of 21 guns
from the Mayflower as he goes aboard,
and his pennant will be broken out at the
fore peak. As soon as his flag Is dis
played, the Japanese plenipotentiaries.
Baron Jutaro Komura, Minister of
Foreign Affairs, and Kogoro Takahira,
M:nister of Japan to the United States.
and their suite, will proceed to the May
flower in launches from their cruisers.
As they go over the side a salute of 13
guns will be fired in their honor, the crew
will dress ship and they wiil be received
on deck ty Commander Winslow and his
officers in special full dress uniform.
They will be escorted to the handsome !
main cabin, where Assistant Secretary |
Peirce will present the envoys and each
member of their suite to the President.
Such exchanges as may be made at the
time will be purely Informal. In turn
the envoys 'and other oniciais of the
Formal Receptions on
Board the May
flower.
President Will In
troduce Envoys
To-Day.
JAPANESE
AND SLAV
TO MEET
Congressman C. F. Cochran of St. Jos
eph, Mo., who is among the stanchest
friends of William Jennings Bryan, and
who is also prominently identified in his
native State as a lawyer and newspa
per editor, arrived .-here yesterday on
his way- to" Portland and is staying at
the Palace. Hotel.
\u25a0The Congressman has come "West In
connection with a case that has aroused
widespread interest in. Missouri, in
volving the distribution of an estate
valued variously between $6,000,000 and
$15,000,000 and which contains material
that would form- the foundation for. an
interesting" ! novel.' The Burns family
was \u25a0 one. of the most prominent and
wealthy in Northern. Missouri, and its
heads, three brothers, who all figured
conspicuously in the business and po
litical" history of the State, having
passed away, their surviving relatives
are now. undergoing the usual litigious
experience of heirs to large estates.
The contest, in which Congressman
Cochran is acting in a legal capacity,
grows out of an attempt through the
courts of Missouri to, lmmure one of
the Burns family — a woman of middle
age — on the. ground that, as she was
never given an education, she Is an in
competent person and cor.seauently not
entitled to receive the vast fortune that
has iinally passed to her control by the
death of her father and mother.
. PROVES BRILLIANT WOMAN.
Although this woman is 40 years of
age, deformities from childbirth have
practically kept hep 1 in seclusion for
the better part of the thirty-two years
she has lived in St. Joseph. , Few of
even the most intimate acquaintances
of the Burns family have ever seen the
woman except while she was out rid
ing or at a distance in the theaters of
St. Joseph, of which she has been " a
regular patron. Her deformities, one
of which is 'an affliction of the eyes,
rendered It impossible to give the wom
an an education in an ordinary way,
but a devoted mother, by constant con
tact with her child, to .whom she read
and discussed all matters of possible In
terest, furnished the unfortunate daugh
ter with ample material for mental di
gestion and eventually elevated the lat
ter's mind to a realm of intelligence
where she acquired a degree of bril
liancy in literature and drama that has
been pronounced most remarkable.
As the daughter of Calvin F. Burns,
who died in Missouri in 1896, Miss
Burns inherited a fortune that had been
accumulated by her father partly
through a conveyance of interests from
his two brothers, who had died before
him. This conveyance had excluded sev
eral others who were closely related to
the Burns family, but who had never
come in contact with the direct heirs. .
RELATIVES WANT FORTUNE.
- The disinherited relatives have now
brought an action to determine the san
ity of Miss Burns, and., if . possible! se-"
cure a share of the estate. The pro
ceedings in the matter have already
established the fact that, notwithstand
ing that Miss Burns* afflictions prevent
ed her from ever learning to read or
write, she has acquired, through the
assistance of her mother, now dead, a
remarkable knowledge of the best lit
erature, had well informed herself on
the drama and absorbed much informa
tion concerning current fashions and
other matters interesting to women,
and on these subjects she has since
proved herself a wonderfully interest
ing critic.
It was these surprising facts that
Congressman Cochran, the legal adviser
of Miss Burns, lias succreded in bring
ing to light in St. Joseph, where the
public has been closely watching the
remarkable case. The presence of the
Congressman on the coast' at this
time is for the purpose of getting the
testimony of a number of relatives of
Miss Burns, who arc interested jln the
action now pending in St. Joseph.
TOKIO, Aug. 4. — It is reported that
the advance guards of the hostile forces
south of the Turaen River are within
rifle range of one another. An early
conflict is regarded as .inevitable.
A report giving details of the final
pursuit and surrender of the majority
of the Russian garrison on Saghalien
Island has been received as follows:
"An independent cavalry .column on
the afternoon of July 28 attacked the
enemy south of Paleo and routed him.
drivin ghim ' southward and capturing
two field guns, besides a- number of
rifles and a Quantity of ammunition. >
'•On July 29 the cavalry, being rein
forced, vigorously pursued the enemy
south of Taylan, which lies twenty
flve miles south of Rykoff. The enemy
halted at Onol, twenty-five miles south
of Taylan, and at 5 o'clock on: the
j morning of July 30 sent a letter under
ja flag of,- truce to the Japanese com
| manding. officer from General Llapnoff,
the Russian Governor, saying that the
lack of bandage material and medicines
;md the consequent inability to succor
the wounded compelled him,- from a
sense of humanity, to terminate hos
tilities.
'"The commander of the Japanese
I force replied, demanding the delivery of
j all war supplies and property of the
I Russian Government uninjured and the
delivery of all maps, records and papers
relating to the Russian civil and mili
tary administration, and requiring their
delivery in reply at 10 o'clock, on the
morning of July 31; otherwise an at
tacking movement would immediately
be executed.
- "Colonel Tolivitch, on behalf of Gov
ernor Liapnoff, met Colonel Koizumi,
Japanese chief of staff, on the morning
of July 31 and accepted the proposed
terms.
"Governor Liapnoff, seventy officers
and ui'oo men of the Russian garrison
then surrendered.
"The spoils, consisting of clothing,
papers and military supplies, are now.
under investigation."
GODZY, Manchuria, Aug. 4. — Dis
patches received from Korea, report
that the Japanese have begun a simul
taneous advance from Kwanchoda
against the Russians, but that the north
columns were checked under pressure
of the Russian advance detachment.
The Russian losses, the dispatches say,
were insignificant.
Japanese warships are reported to be
cruising off the mouth of Peter the
Great Bay, on which Vladivostok is
situated, their lights often being visible
from the Russian island.
Chinese arriving from the south say
that, the Japanese are most active in
establishing trade relations in South
ern Manchuria; that more than a score
of large business houses have been,es
tablished at Yinkow and 5000
Japanese sutlers and larger traders fol
low the army.
Almost tropical rains are falling in
Manchuria and the hilly regions are
Impassable for trains of artillery. Ev
ery mountain path is a torrent and
every valley a quagmire. Important
operations apparently will be impos
sible for a long time. The alternation
of rains and sunshine has a depressing
effect on the health of the army. j
Take Advantage , of Wealthy
Woman's Misfortune to
Get Possession of Estate
Russian Garrison of More
Than Three Thousand Men
Lays Down Its Arms
EELATIVES WAST SHARE
SAGHALIEN IS SUBDUED
"SERGIUS DE WITTE."
NEW YORK, Aug. 4. — After his return from Oyster Bay to-day, Sergius de Witte gave out the
following statement • -i
"I enjoyed my visit so much! I knew that I should meet an energetic man. He impressed me,
first, by his warm handclasp. There was no mistaking the , cordiality of his welcome. He was friendly
and so admirable that I knew why he was elected President of these many States. About his presence
there exudes a charm which is unmistakable.
"Throughout my conversation with him, I was impressed by the profound knowledge he has of
foreign events, the manner in which he was able to absorb information, the great care he. takes to make one
feel at home and how he is so democratic and sincere. ;- '
"I have always admired the President of the United States. His active life is not new to me. I
have read much of him. I wanted to shake his hard, and, when I did so, I felt his friendliness. No one
can deny he is one of the foremost statesmen of the world and I came away from his home at Oyster Bay
convinced that in his hands the reins of government will always be firmly grasped.
Estate yalued at $15,000,000
•Excites the Cupidity 'of
I the Burnses of Missouri
Advance Guards of the Hos
tile Forces Are Within
Kifle Shot of One Another
COVET RICHES
OF A CRIPPLE
MR. ROOSEVELT'S CORDIALITY
CHARMS ENVOY DE WITTE
BATTLE NEARS
ON THE TUMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1905.-
3
EIGHT
finp'er flitores
A II & %* I r3£&&
in SAN FRANCISCO At
AND VICIMTY
SAN FRANCISCO
Market SL »!SSa.
57 6 Valencia St. fe^tiflrS^ 33 S- S**™* &•
LooK for the Singer Sign
when in need of a Sewing Machine or Supplies.
Needles for all mattes of Sewing Machines
Sewing Machines Rented or Exchanged
I
Excursions East
I August 15, 16, 24, 25.
I Via the Portland Fair.
1 "Via the Colorado Rockies.
i Via Minneapolis and St. Paul. I
I Or via all of them, in the j
I course of a round trip!
I Round trips, ninety days limit; Omaha, $60 or ~?
I $73oO: St. Joseph, $60 or $73.50; Kansas City, I
I $60 or $73.50; St. Paul, $70 or $83.50;' Chicago, .
I $72.50 or $86; St. Louis, $67.50 or $Sr; Mem- '
a phis, $67.50; New Orleans, $67.50. ?
Sit For particulars address
Wn II I flfS [jlTi j STril! W. D. SAXDOR.V, General Afrent,
SB i^^tjpNBMK^MiiSMMJ) **"* Market Street, t
II ilillflfmti san rrancHco -
tag Ikmm 1 1 \u25a0 1 1 1 irfESq vi«q» mm
K^(kw * , - JS MHODGKLNSON DECLARED INSANE.—
Toung Norman Hodgklnson. who was sent to
th« Detention Hospital on Thursday, was
committed to the Napa Insane Asylum yes
terday by Judge Murasky.
Tyro Hundred Will Appear In i?»e Fnlr
City Durinj? f.atter Part of
Au:u»U
PORTLAND. Aug. 4. — The famous
Mormon choir of 200 voices from Utah
will be in Portland from August 19 to
2G, during the time of the National
Irrigation and Trans-Mississitpl con
gresses. I~ W. Shurtllff. lirst vice presi
dent of the National Irrigation Con
gress, states that between 600 and 1000
people will accompany the choir.
Would you rather talk business to a
man at a time when he wants to talk
business, or at a time when he does not?
Your store advertisement talks business
to men and women only at the times
chosen by themselves.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 4.— Acting Secretary
of the Interior Ryan has decided that appro
priations for the maintenance of Indian tribal
schools In Indian Territory must ceas-3 March
4 n»xt. when tribal government for the five
civilized tribes goes into effect.
Dumngrins: Testimony Given by Expert
In the Jorrell Trial at
WeaYervlJle.
REDDING. Aug. 4.— The prosecution
In the Jorrell murder trial at Weaver
vllle cnuse<l a bl? sensation to-day by
the testimony of Chemist Green of San
Francisco. The overalls discarded by
Jorrell were ner.t to Chemist Green, who
made four tosts. and testified to-day
that rwh teat disclosed human blood
on the clothing. When the testimony
was civrn Jurrell became nervous and
turned pale.
PARI9. Aug. J.— The French ani Russian
Governments have settled i!i«» term* of the
new treaty ot fccmmeiee. by which France has
agreed not in lncrea«e the existing duti.-s af
fecting Huss..in articles au.l also not to tax
merchandise J'ow entering frcj while Kussla
modifies the d ules 6n French wines. *plrlt<-.
perfumes and numerous agricultural and com
mercial products.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 4.— A man signing
himself Fred A. Blakesler, residing at
616 Ninth street, Minneapolis. Minn., has
written to Governor Pardee informing
him that if he does not enforce the law
by August 10, he will sell his team and
come out to California and kill Dr. F. "W.
Hatch. Superintendent of State Hospitals.
Blakesler writes that he cut open a man's
head with a pitchfork in Minneapolis and
wasn't even adjudged insane for it, while
in California he was confined in an asy
lum on the testimony of Dr. Hatch and
his property confiscated. The Minnesota
authorities will be advised to keep Blake
sler at home.
nUMAN BLOOD FOUZYD
UPON' HIS OVERALLS
Writes to Pardee That He Is
Coming to Kill the
Physician.
FAMOUS MOIUIOX CIIOIH
s TO SI.VG AT POIXTLA-ND
Where you can revel: your only companions
being nature and a sketch book. If you haven't
all the "tools" visit the Artist Uat?r a 1a 1 De
partment Just overflowing w;th goo-1 thin,;*.
We give "the best. Catalogue fur th» aaulnj.
Eanborn. Vail & Co. •
Beyond the Smoke Line.
CRANK IN THE EAST
THREATENS DR. HATCH
TORTLAND. Augr. 4.— The "Anselus/*
Captain Baldwin's airship, to-day for
the first time since It has been in Port
land demonstrated that it can be con
trolled. An unfortunate accident to the
motor, however, after the craft had
been in tht» air nbout fifteen minutes,
prevented the airship from returning
unassisted to the starting point. _ 4
The vessel rose to a height of about
10W feet and diced around for the
next live minutes. Navigator Ueechey
then rose to an elevation of 3000 feet
and started northward In the face ot a
stiff breeze. The wind appeared to have
little influence on the progress of the
"Angelus." Ten minutes later the pro
peller was seen ti> stop revolving, and
the airship was carried rapidly with
the wind. Boechey deflated the gas
bag, and made a descent a few minutes
later about three miles down the Wil
lamette River, whence the "Angelus"
was towed to the fair grounds by a
river boat. Captain Baldwin will in
stall a new motor. He expects to have
the airship ready for another flight on
Saturday.
Circles Over the City Until
the Motor Breaks
Down.
SAN JOSS. Aug. •». — After the most
successful six weeks' session yet held
here th« State Normal Bummer school
closed to-day . wltli fitting rxeri-ises.
Five hundred ami fifty students were
enrolled. The children's summer school,
the first ever attempted in California,
was held In connection with the main
summer school as an experiment.
Regarded na tne Most Siwe^Mfn! Ever
Held by the Garden City
Normal.
BALDWIN'S AIRSHIP
FLIES IX POIITLAXD
SUMMER SCHOOL BROUGHT
TO CLOSE IX SA.V JOSE
Part I — "Caprice." op. II (Vleuxtemps).
Theodore LJndberg; greeting. Rev. Philip An
dreen; "Nocturne" (Chopin), "Evstlque"
(Greip). Oscar Lofgren; "Aye Maria" (Gounod),
Mrs Ida Westerberg (violin obllgato by Theo
dore Llndberg): a "Romania" (Norrls). b
"Saeterjentas Sontag" (Ole Bull) o Hun
garian melodies, op. 14 (Nachez). Theodore
Lindberg.
Part II — Oration, President Ernst Pihlblad;
"Ballade et Polonaise (Vleuxtemps). Theodore
Lindberg; Swedish folk songs (selected), Mrs.
Ida Westerberg: "Rhapsody No. 6" (Liszt),
Oscar Lofgren: Hungarian fantasia (Hubay),
Theodore Lindberg.
PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY.— Petitions
in insolvency were filed yesterday In the Unit
ed States District Court as follows: M. J.
McCarthy, plumber and gas fitter, San Fran
cisco, !Sij4. no assets; V. Heck, railroad brake
man. Oakland, $295, no assets.
A concert and literary entertainment
was given last evening by the Rev. Pro
fessor Ernst Pihlblad, A. M., orator,
president of Bethany College; Professor
Theodore Lindberg, violinist, and Pro
feseor Oscar Lofgren, pianist, also of
Bethany College, at the Young Men's
Christian Association, under the auspi
ces of the Lutheran Swedish Ebenezer
Young People's Society. The Rev.
Philip Andreen presided. Professor
Linaberg's violin solos were given a
hearty acknowledgment. They were
splendid efforts and well deserved the
reward accorded them. Professor Lof
gren proved to be a pianist of rare abil
ity. Mrs. Ida Westerberg of San Fran
cisco contributed the vocal numbers
with fine effect. The programme fol
lows:
Itev. Ernst Pllilblnd, A. M., Appear* as
Orator With Musical Members of
His Faculty.
PROFESSORS OF HETHAXY
COLLEGE GIVE A CONCERT
Commencing on Monday next, the Southern
Pacific will accept freight from th« Ban Pedro,
Los Ange.es and Salt L*k« Kailroad Company
destined to points on Its lines In Southern
California, and in like manner the San Pedro
Company will accept from the Southern Pacific
freight originating on lines of the latter in
fouthern California destined to Utah common
points and points beyond: This will be pur
suant to an .arrangement which is uatiirfactory
to both companies, the Southern Pacific having
like privileges with respect to points reached
by the rails cf the San^ Pedro Company.
It Is generally believed that the trou
ble over trackage privileges in Southern
California Is not yet at an end. The
Santa Fe. as a competitor of the South
ern Pacific Company, which refused to
grant it trackage privileges In the
southern territory, may call upon Traf
fic Director Stubbs for an explanation
of the granting of privileges to another
competing line to the disadvantage of
the Santa Fe road, and a failure to re
ceive a satisfactory answer may pro
voke a row between the Ripley and
Harriman forces.
Freight Traffic Manager William
Eproule of the Southern Pacific Com
pany yesterday Issued a statement re
garding the settlement " between his
road and the Clark line over the ques
tion of interchange, of traffic in South
ern California. He is careful not to en
ter into any of the details of the ar
rangement between t"he two lines, a fact
that has suggested to the railroad
world that either the Harriman or
Clark people were forced to make con
cessions that they would not like the
Santa Fe officials to know. The state
ment of Mr. Sproule is as follows:
Sproule Issues a Statement Regarding
Trackage Arrangements Uetweeu
Harrlinan and Clark Roads.
POPULAR PRIEST WHO HAS BEEN
APPOINTED IRREMOVABLE REC.
TOK OF MISSION DOLOKES
FORMALLY ASXOVKCES THAT
THE DISPUTE IS SETTLED
SANTA BARBARA. Aug. 4.— R. U Mal
lone. the eight yard master of the South
ern Pacific freight yards in this city, met
a tragic fata today while in swimming at
the plaza Del Mar. In plain sight of Bev
eral hundred people. Maltone took a dlvo
from the ptea^ure pier which resulted In
injuries from which he «Led soon after.
This morning Mallone. who .is an ex
cellent swimmer, went to the beach ac
companied by bis son and daughter for
his itgular mornir.s plunge in the surf.
In oroer to te with his children he re
niaintd near shore, and essayed a dive
Irum the pleasure pier in very •hallow
water. The first dive was successful, but
In a second attempt Hal. one took the
water at too straight an angle and. strik
ing the tottom with terrific force, frac
tuied hia n t ck. He was rescued by Sam
Spaulding. the son of K. R. ayaulding, a
wealthy resident of this city. and. al
thuugn paralyzed, regained consciousness
long enough to speak a few words. Ho
was taken to the Cottage Hospital, but
c»eu within an hour. h
RENO, Aug. 4. — Tho Southern Pacific
Company is to begin tho experiment of
educating its own mechanics. Orders
have just been received from head-,
quarters to begin the erection of a
school building orf the railroad grounds
at Spark*. It will be used by the com
pany in Instructing the apprentices In
the different branches of the work now
being done In the shops. The aim la
to give the young man a course in
mathematics as well as In manual
training. Skilled engineers and me
chanics will be employed to instruct
the youths in the practical part of tho
work, while the school itself will be
in charge of the department of mechan
ics of the University of Nevada. Profes
sor Scroggam .being assigned to that
department. •
Graduates from this new school will
be given positions with the company
as rapidly as vacancies occur. It Is be
lieved that this Is the first of a series
of similar schools that will be estab
lished by the South«»n Pacific at differ
ent points along its system.
The Rev. Father P. J. Cummins, pas
tor of St_ Patrick's Church, has been
appointed by Archbishop Riordan to
the Irremovable rectorship of Mission
Dolores in succession to the late Father
Brennan, who recently passed away.
On the death of the late Father Scan
lan while in New York on his way to
his birthplace in Ireland, Fathef Cum
mins was created a chancellor, an ap
pointment of much importance. Father
Cummins is one of the best kjjown
priests in the city. He is untiring In
his labors and ever foremost In assist
ing In all matters relating to the char
ities of the Catholfc church. He has in
San Francisco and. indeed, wherever he
re known, a wide circle of friends.
His denunciation cf the Esch-Town
send bill giving the Interstate Com
merce Commission the power to fix
rates was combated by A. B. Nye, pri
vate secretary 6f Governor Pardee, who
was an Interested spectator. Nye con
tended, that the proprsed bill gave no
greater power than the California Rail
road Commission possessed and no bad
results had accrued, lye held that the
bill was necessary because the consoli
dating of railroad interests had prac
tically killed competition.
•In speaking of the future of the
North Shore Railroad, he said that while
this year's statement showed a deficit
of $185,030 52, the road had a great
future, as it was rapidly building up
the locality through which it travels.
He said that this country was becom
ing such a favorite camping ground in
summer that the principal freight con
sisted of canned sardines and beer. He
said that at the present time the man
agement of the road was a hard grind
and during the past year not one of
tho principal officers of the road had
taken a cent of salary.
Mellersh said the steam roads of the
country were badly handicapped by
the electric system and within fifty
years all steam locomotives would be
superseded by electricity and gasoline.
He predicted that when the roads to
the East were double-tracked and laid
with heavy rails it would be possible
to go to New York in three days.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 4. — Thomas Mel
lersn, secretary and auditor of the Cali
fornia Northwfeßterni was beforo the
fctato Board of Eciuull-ation this morn
ing and made a statement on railroad
valuations. In ans\wr to questions, ho
said that the road had a good future
and would bo extended as rapidly as
possible into tho Humbolilt country. It
would cost several f. mill ion s of dollars
to reach the timber belt, but eventually
it would pay handsomely. He said that
one merchant In Eureka had a stand
ing offer to pay $30,000 for the first
railroad ticket from that city to San
Francisco. He said It was estimated
that if .one hundred carloads of lumber
a day were taken out of that country
annually during the next one hundred
years hardly any Impression would be
made on the supply.
Special Disrstch to The Call
SANTA CRCZ, Aug. 4.— Peter Paul
Hartmann. late Socialist candidate for the
Assembly from this county, and a grand
nephew of the late George Kohl, an eccen
trio miser, is contesting the distribution
of hia uncle's estate. Hartmann claims
the estate was left in trust to F. A.
Hihn, a landowner and millionaire of this
county, with the understanding that after
all Kohl's debts and funeral expenses
were paid the balance should go to
Schultheiss, the Burgomaster of the vil
lage of Rechtenbach in Bavaria, in trust
for the poor of the village where Kohl
was born. He claims that Hihn has not
fulfilled the terms of the trust, which. It
is admitted, was left out of the will at
Hihn's suggestion on account- of legal
technicalities, Hihn promising to execute
the old man's wishes. Kohl sent for Hihn
on his sick bed, it is said, and had tho
millionaire write his wll. The will was
written in July, 1901, and Kohl died the
following March. Hartmann declares
Hihn admitted he was only a' trustee and
claims he has taken no steps to wind up
the estate or to send the money to the
Burgomaster of Rechtenbach. The peti
tion asks that F. A. Hihn be declared a
trustee under the will for the poor of
Rechtenbach, that Hartmann be declared
the only heir at law and that two-thirds
of the estate be set apart for himself and
a third for the Rechtenbach poor.
The estate consists of valuable real es
tate in this city and about $3000 in cuth
In the bank. Hartmann worked for his
uncle for some years, during which, lie
says, the old man, in a fit of anger, shot
at him with a twenty-two-caiiber rifle,
several shots taking effect In his foot.
Officers of the Ohio report that the peo
ple are greatly exercised over the mat
ter and are talking of drastic mea3urt3
If the authorities at Washington do not
make an lm^stigatlon.
Following Is a list of the public oClclals
who have filed and the number of their,
claims : George V. Borch3enlus. clerk of
the court, 3o; Mrs. Lulu Borchenlus. 9;
Dora 11. Rasniue<?en. power of attorney
held by O. V. Borchscnius. 9: JW. N. Lan
ders. Assistant D strict Attorney. 3S; G.
J. Lomen and family, two of whom are
in the clerk's orhce, 68; John 1L Dunn,
deputy clerk. Zl: A. Mcßride. deputy
clerk. 37: J. J. Reagan. Assistant District
Attorney '(twenty months in the country).
18; Mrs. J. J. ruagan (twelve months In
the country). 1 : T. M. Reed. United States
Comrr.is-sU nt» «1: Mrs. T. M. Reed. 46:
H. C. Gordon, deputy. clerk (three years
in the country), 32; Thomas White,
deputy marshal and formerly deputy re
corder, 47. Total for eight tamllles. 411;
average for each, 61.
SEATTLE. Aug. 4.— Advices received In
this city from Xome by the steamship
Ohio state that the people of Nome are
up In arms agalrut the Government of
ficials for their actions In filing upon
valuable mining claims. The Nome Nug
get. In a lorife article, charges the of
ficials with nsinsr illegal methods and tak
ing advantage of their position to pos
sess themselves of many valuable claims
which are obtained by relocating- The
Nugget prints comparative tables show-
Ing the number of claims held by the
Government officials and their relatives
or assistants, and also the number held
by the leading mining and business men
of Nome and vicinity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Beginners Are to Be Taught
Mathematics,. . Mechanics
and Other Useful Branches
Most of Valuable Holdings
Gathered In by Those on
the Inside in the North
Asserts That the 3loney Was
Intended for the Poor
of a Village in Bavaria
Mellcrsh Says California
Northwestern and North
Shore Have Bright Futures
HE ASKS DISTRIBUTION
Enjoying a Plunge in Surf
With His Children When
He Meets With Accident
Succeeds the Late Father
R. P. Brennan as Pastor of
Mission Dolores Church
MOST POPULAR PRIEST
OBSEEYED BY HUNDEEDS
CONDITION OF LINES
DESIIJE INVESTIGATION
FULL COUKSE PLANNED
Archbishop Appoints Father
Cummins to Irremovable
Rectorship in the .City
People of Nome Aroused by
the Actions of Employes
of Government in Alaska
Peter Paul Hartinann of San
ta Cruz Says F. A: Hilm Has
Not Fulfilled His Trust
Sdiool of Instruction for
'the Apprentices to Be
Erected at Sparks, Nevada
Eureka Man Will Pay Thirty
Thousand for First Sold
When Kailroad Is Built
U. L. Mallone, Yard Master at
Santa Barbara, Breaks His
Neck in Shallow Water
CONFERS HONOR
ON CLERGYMAN
CLAIMS ESTATE
OF RICH UNCLE
RAILROAD WILL
TEACH EMPLOYES
BIG OFFER MADE
FOR ONE TICKET
OFFICIALS HOLD
MINING CLAIMS
BATHER TAKES
A FATAL DIVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, AUGUST 5, 1905.
4
: D I R. EC TOR S-
W. H. CROCKER HUGH KEENAN J. M. O'BRIEN W. GREGG JR. DOUGLAS S. WATSON
C. E. GREEN J. J. MAHONEY A. F. MORRISON' ' , WM. MATSON J. E. GREEN
W. B. COPE
pa pit at - » - - ''nnnnnnoft
OWNERS pF PARKSIDE
1 ' . -...\u25a0•\u25a0'\u25a0- '\u25a0' . • .
The company announces that Parkside first subdivision will be open for sale Sunday, August 6, 190 J.
Ellis Street Cliff cars to Nineteenth avenue and H street.
Parkside automobiles from there to the property.
The new electric road comes down T street.
Sewers, gas, water, electric light, paved streets, level lots. Ail guaranteed.
.gi^ PARKSIDE REALTY COMPANY OF SAN FRANCISCO
|||||l *\u25a0 7y CROCKER BUILDING, Third Floor
Nineteenth Avenue and h street P&rkside Office, Nineteenth Avenue and T StreetUnions Install Officer*.
The friends of Professor Julius Goebel,
until recently .the head of -the department
of Germanic languages* at Stanford Uni
versity, were considerably disturbed yes
terday when they learned of the disposi
tion made of his appeal to the trustees of
the university from the action of. Presi
dent Jordan, dismissing him. The trustees
take the stand that President Jordan's
decision is final in such matters, and. they
refuse to further consider the case.
, As a mark of appreciation of Professor
Goebel's past services In the University,
the trustees, at their meeting, voted him
a year's salary. The latter was not pres
ent at the meeting but was officially ad
vised by letter of the disposal of his case.
When his attorney was asked if the- pro
fessor would carry the matter to the
State courts he replied that he was not
prepared to say what action his client
would take.
JEFFERSON CITY. , Mo., Aug. 4. —
Upon the resumption to-day of the trial
of Senator Frank H. Farrla on the
charge of bribery a point in contro
versy was settled by Judge Davis, who,
ruled that the Introduction of certain
evidence be allowed.
J. T. Coffey, cashier of the Bank of
Steelville, to-day Identified the - books
Introduced. *
Thomas A. Gibson, who was cashier
of the bank in 1890 and who kept the
books of the bank,, was placed on the
stand to identify the handwriting aa
his own. Attorney General Hadley
asked the witness whether Farria had
deposited a large sum of money In the
bank March 21. 1901. "Witness did not _
remember. Judge Davi3 then decided "
to exclude the "books from being used
as evidence. \u25a0 *"
W. H. Hettel. paying teller ot the
American Exchange National Bank of.
St. Louis. Identified a $7000 draft as the
one that was paid Lee through the
bank. He also Identified the signature
of John Lee to a letter written to D.' J.
Kelley of New York, stating that .he
(Lee) was going before the Grand Jury
and would protect all parties. Lee had
denied the authorship of the letter.
Decide They Have No Juris
diction Over Dismissal
of Stanford Professor
Trial of Missouri Senator for
Alleged Briber Still
Going Qn.
BANKER IDENTIFIES
THE $7000 DRAFT
TRUSTEES DENY
COEBEL APPEAL
CHICAGO. Aug. 4.-Charged with swind
ling merchants in twenty-one cities out of
thousands of dollars, Norman E. Roberts,
alleged money order raiser and forger,
was arrested last night at a sub-postal
station. j .
Roberts said he was a salesman until a
few months ago. He is 27 years of age
and comes from New York, but has a
wife living in Baltimore.
' Roberts' method has not differed from
that of several other swindlers. Including
one woman, who have been sent to the
penitentiary from Chicago within the last
three years. The forger buys a money
order at a sub-station, ' usually for 25
cents - and - payable to some other - person.
Then all the writing is. erased with chem
icals and the blanks are filled out for any
amount under $100. In Chicago the signa
ture of Postmaster Coyne was forged.
The raised order Is then proffered by
the swindler to some business man In
exchange for a small purchase, and th»
remainder, which the forger receives.
represents ' the amount of his dishonest
gain. Roberts' itinerary Included .New
York, Boston, Providence, R. I.; Paw
tucket, R. I.: "Woonsocket. R. I.; London.
Conn.: Baltimore, Philadelphia. Harris
burg, York, Pa.; Norfolk and Richmond.
Va.; Cincinnati and Dayton. Ohio; In
dianapolis. Chicago and Milwaukee.
Norman E. Roberts' Swind
ling- Operations Find Vic
tims in 21 Big Cities
WAS INDUSTRIOUS KOGUE
Money Order Eaiser and
Forger Is Arrested by Po
lice in the Windy City
ROBS MERCHANTS
ALL OVER LAND
You would like to and could own . one
of the \\ Homes advertised 'In > Sunday's
call. ; :; . .\u25a0*.".-'".' n ', \u25a0 ' .
City or Suburban— as you please— sold
on Installments. Read the ads. .
EMMALrr-Inlthiß ; city.'rAugust 4, 1905, Joseph
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ' Burt, beloved husband ' of : Mary; Jane Emma!,
', and father of Dr.", Frank S." Emmal, VWJHI ;. B.
\u25a0'\u25a0 Emmal,? Mrs."» Charles - Patten, * Mrs.'j Osgood
7 X.* Jones : and the late 'Joseph B. Emmal ; Jr.;
\u25a0\u25a0'a.: native iol s> New ? Jersey; aged 00 yeara 11
months and 28 days. -. • '\u25a0*38k3&
died;
An enthusiastic meeting- under the
auspices of the Forty-first District Re
publican League was held in Stelmke
Hall, 2768 Octavia street, last evening.
It was declared that the Forty-first
would go solid for the league. Sheldon
G. Kellogg, president of. the league,
opened the meeting and called upon
several speakers,, the first, one being
Horace Davis, former member of Con
gress, ex-president of the Horace Davis
Club and a man 1 whose political in
fluence means much to the league.
Horace Davis spoke of t the, corrupt
state" of city officials, the dirty streets
and the bad element allowed 'on the
streets. by the police, lie said he would
net cive up the fight as long as he was
League Confident It Will Carry District
by Solid Vote. .
REPUBLICANS \ HOLD. MEETING.
Cannot Reinstate Dismissed Policemen.
City Attorney, Long yesterday advised
the Police Commissioners that he finds
no /authority , : , in ; the. board to: vacate
a . former,: judgment ; of S dismissal ] ot '\u25a0' a
police-officer.; or; to v reinstate *-'Buch "',. a.
dismissed "officer,': if - the \u25a0 said , Judgment
of "dismissal were ; set aside. , Upon - dis
missal : from *the : department after ltrial
by the Board Jof Police \ Commissioners
the police offlcer(ceases: to be a^ member
of theTdepartment and; can; regain fsuch
membership T'only t ". in £ the •"; manner *' set
forth \u25a0in \u25a0 the civil ; service \ provisions Jof
the charter,^unless; such, dismissal be
set" aside \u25a0 by! proper. : legal ; proceedings.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Aug, 4— Schr Wilson,
hence July 20; stair Newburg, hence • Auj 1;
schr Edward R West,'- from • Honolulu/
Sailed ' Aug 4 — Stmr Centralla, .- for San
Pedro. " •' - ' \u25a0 "
PORT BLAKELBY— SaiIed Aug 4— Schr
Irene, for San Franclaco. • •\u25a0••"\u25a0; \u25a0
TATOOSH— Passed In Aug 4^Bark Chal
lenger, hence ; July 6 tor Port Townsend;: schr
J M Colman. • f rom San. Pedro for Everett. i : r";-.
COOS BAY — Arrived Aug 4 — Stmr Newport,
from Bandon; schr Jessie Minor, hence July 2i!.
Sailed •:. Auet - 4— Stmr * Breakwater, for San
Francisco:, stmr Newport. : for Astoria.: ' \u25a0
BEL.LINGHAM— Arrived Aug 4— Schr A M
Baxter, hence July 13. - v .
OCEAN : STEAMERS.
BREMEN— Arrived t . Auc ' . 4— Stmr Grosser
Kurfurst, from New York..
GENOA— Arrived Aug 4— Stmr Koenlg Al
bert.'from' New .York.' \u25a0• - •\u25a0 ,"r- :
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 4— Stmr Baltic,
from New YorkT stmr i Haverf ord, from Phila
delphia; stmr • Caledonian,' from, Boston! for:
Manchester. . \u0084 . ':-.-: \u25a0\u25a0 ; ••\u25a0', :\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0
'Sailed Aue 4^— StmrCedrlc, for New York;
stmr. Cymric, for Boston. i; \ v
PALERMO— SaiIed Aug 3— Stmr Algeria, for
New:.. York. 1 -:'\u25a0 '. \ - •;=*<..! . ':' '- .'. -• .. • ; -..,..-. -. :.
• MOVILLE— SaiIed Aug 4— Stmr -; Numldian,
for New - York; stmr. Virginian,* for Montreal.
DOVER— Sailed v Auk 4— Stmr Moltke,"»; for
New York;-: --.\u25a0\u25a0 :•-.-\u25a0/ =*v -\u0084t \u25a0;..-- \u25a0 -. \u25a0 .•'\u25a0 -.-.... >:._- \u25a0\u25a0
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived \u25a0 v \u25a0 ' Aug 'j ,. s—Stmr5 — Stmr
Campania, " from .; New ; York for. Liverpool and
proceeded. : - '\u25a0\u25a0-' '-- ''\u25a0'.'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0_\u25a0'.:' '. \u25a0,* : ' •
NEW .YORK— Sailed Aug 4— Stmr Celtic,
for Queenstown? and: Liverpool. V;- .--<,. . ' . i
- Arrived- Aug : 4— Stmr <.Luranla.^ from \u25a0- Liver-"
pool and Queenstown; stmr 'Bulgaria, : from
Hamburg: stmr ; Peruvian from • Naoles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Insanity . Suspected, \ but Guardians
Reach Conclusion. That Lad's Af flic- - .
tlon la a Very., Ugly V
G. J S. Day, the 19-year-jold boy 'who
was 'lately examined; by the Insanity
Commissioners for mental debility,' was
arrested" last night at ; his home, ;735; 735
O'Farrell i street; on a charge of ; drunk
enness.' .; , ; He -became jso violent at ; the
City Prison *-, that : he was . taken ; to j the
Emergency - Hospital. : \ "When ;\u25a0 entering
the operating; room: at the hospital Day
attacked j the | three | policemen- escorting
him andV savagely,' tried .to- kill; them, '.j.%
- All efforts Ho pacify ; him were of ; no
avail, "so he-- .was ' taken -back \u25a0' to < the
prison after< it >was' determined \u25a0 that he
was ugly tempered and not : Insane. His
mother . visited ; him 5 at ; the prison ? and
stated that he had several times threat
ened her life. "The reporttof the Insan T
ity; Commissioners -on the ' boy's" 'case
showed 'that -he was \: an 'incorrigible,'
made r so by ' tender,; treatment from . a
loving mother. ;>*A severe course of , dis-;
cipline Xwa.3 mapped out for the -. youth;
but? his f mother ) falling to follow it has
again to. see him "in 'trouble! ? •
SPOILED BOY/ MAKES' VICIOUS
ATTACK OX THREE POLICEMEN
On August 19 members* of California
Commandery No. 1, Oakland Com
mandery No. 1, Golden Gate Command
ery No. 16 and Mission Commandery No.
41, Knights Templar, with their; ladles
will leave on special trains at 6 p. m. to
visit the Lewis and Clark Exposition at
Portland. \u25a0 This Is strictly a Knights
Templar excursion and all j members of
the various commanderies throughout
the State have been Invited to partici
pate. , »\u25a0
Knlghta to Go to Fair.
The McGowan-Keane ticket of the
Forty-second District, which was
thrown into the field In opposition to
that of the San Francisco Republican
League, held a rally at Saratoga Hall,
Geary street near Larkln, last evening.
The politics . put up at the rally was
of the most strenuous sort and included
everything from foaming beverages to
a three-round boxing - match. .The
Wolfe brothers hammered each other
In a manner that won double the ap
plause offered to any . of the speakers.
And then there were "coon-song shout
ers," balladists and rag-time pianists
by the dozen. '
Attorney George A. McGowan, who
is leading the fight in the district
against the Republican League, made
the first address, in which he called
for the support of the gathering. For
mer Chief Deputy County Clerk Joseph
Goddard' followed McGowan. Forget
ting that clean streets are more at Is
sue in the present campaign than the
tariff or \u25a0 other questions of national
import, Goddard made a "full dinner
pail" speech,, in which he ran the gamut
of the higher, issues from the soup
house to imperialism.
James Cosgrove, who was ; in the
chair, , made the closing remarks.
Meeting of Opponents of. League Held
In Saratoga Hall.
McGOWA-V-KEAXB RALLY.
Captain Brovru Undergoes Operation.
Captain George F. Brown of Engine
Company No. 2 is now lying sick at the
Jones Sanitarium, where he has lately
been operated on for , appendicitis.
Brown's Illness was hastened by a gal
lant action performed by him several
weeks ago when he. rescued three per
sons from drowning at Camp Meeker.
He made three trips between the over
turned boat and the shore and was tak
en from the water in an unconscious
condition. The pressure of the water
aggravated "his trouble.
The Board of Park Commissioners met
yesterday at the Palace Hotel, Reuben H.
Lloyd in . the chair. The Commissioners
present were Reuben H. Lloyd, William"
J. . Dlngee, Earl Cummlngs and Superin
tendent John McLaren. • • ;'
Some half dozen physicians petitioned
that at "least one avenue be open for the
convenience of automoblksts after 11
o'clock at> night, urging the use of vthe
automobile as the accepted expeditious
manner of answering urgent calls.
. The board listened to the representa
tives of two firms In the auto industry
who also favored the opening of the park
at all times for the automobile. The
board decided to temporarily allow the
use of the auto on the South drive at all
: hours, .but with the concession came the
warning against. fast driving or boisterous
behavior.
Secretary Schmitz later read a com
munication from the Oceanslde Improve
ment Club expressing "deep appreciation
for. the wisdom and courage of the board
in limiting the time within which carous
ing and drunken automobile parties may
be within . the park." Lloyd expressed
surprise that the communication had not
been read : before the board rendered Its
decision. , "
Superintendent McLaren announced that
366 men - and women had been employed
in the park and squares during the month
and that Lloyd Lake, situated at the east
end of the old speedway road, had been
completed and would contain . 6,ooo,ooo gal-.
lons of water for Irrigating " purposes.
Golden- Gato I Valley .Improvement Club
thanked the ( board for Improving Loboa
avenue square. An offer iof the .Colonial
Dames to present j the park with a hand
some sun dial was favorably received
and left In the | hands of Commissioner
Cummlngs. The plan and sketch of the
new windmill for the south- western part
of the park were adopted. The windmill
is the i gift of '• Samuel G. Murphy, .who
donated • J20.000 with whidh to build it.
\u0084-" Lloyd understood that "hoodlums'.' had
been depriving children of their play
things In the park and he wished it un
derstood that that kind of business would
not '\u25a0\u25a0 be tolerated. > The Epworth League
petitioned that, .drinking fountains be
placed, along.the ocean boulevard. The
matter was favorably received and left in
the hands of Superintendent McLaren,
A rousing meeting of the Republican
League Club in.the Thirty-seventh As
sembly District was held in Phelps*
Hall, 317 Devlsadero street, last night.
The hall was crowded and the utmost
enthusiasm prevailed. The chair was
occupied by W. J. Ruddock, who ex
plained the highly commendable meth
od adopted in the selection of the dele
gates. It was not the intention of the
club, he said, to criticize others and in
dulge in mud-slinging, but the purpose
was to see that men were selected for
office who would work for the Interests
of the people. He predicted success at
the primary election."
M. J.Kuhl was the first speaker. He
said the city had acquired a reputation
within the past few years which was
not enviable. Class hatred had been
engendered and everything done to
paralyze industrial interests. Every in
telligent citizen knew as much , about
the Mayor as himself and what he had
done to pit labor against capital. The
true cause of the present unfortunate
position of the city was the indifference
of the individual citizen who refuses
to participate In the vital administra
tive affairs of the municipality.
Rousing speeches were also delivered
by C. B. Perkins, , Assemblyman Fred
C. Jones, James Field, George Hewlett;
George D. Clark, Joseph G. de Forest,
Dr. R. E. Hartley, and others for the
success of the ticket at the primary
election.
Routing Meeting of Republican League
In Thirty-seventh Dlntrlct.
SPEAKERS PREDICT SUCCESS.
Commissioners Make Tem
porary Concession to
Automobilists.
Officer F. W. Nobman of the Southern
Station was fined $25 for being intoxicated
while on duty. The evidence In the case
was conclusive as to, his guilt, but many
testimonials of his previous good record
were brought to bear, so the fine' was
made comparatively light. Lieutenant
Conboy made a recommendation that
leniency be shown the policeman because
of his long service and' because he has
never -been before the Commissioners on
a charge.
| David S. Sullivan was re-Instated on the
police, force last night by a unanimous
vote of the Commission, as it was proven
that he was not guilty of the » charge for
which he was dismissed. Sullivan was
released from the department January 20,
1903, on a charge of drinking In a saloon
with women while on duty. . F. O. Con
nell, who was • released on the same
charge, was re-Instated long ago, as It
was proved In his case '\u25a0 that they were
both in the discharge of their duty while
in the saloon.
Resolved. That the Chief of Police be and is
hereby authorized- and directed- to instruct all
retail liquor dealers to refrain from selling
liquor on said August 8 1905, between the
hours of 6 a. m. and ."> p. m., and to use all
lawful means to enforce this order.
The following resolution was passed by
the Board of Police Commissioners at
their meeting last night ordering that all
saloons be closed on primary election day,
August 8," 1905:
It appearing to the board that numerous re
tail liquor dealers have requested that saloons
and barrooms be closed on the day set apart
for the primary elections, to *wlt August 8.
1905, and the Commissioners being desirous
that the said primary election be conducted In
an orderly manner, be it
PARK; AFFAIRS ARE ,
'GIVEN ATTENTION
Police Board Orders That No
Liquor Be Sold During
-Voting.
SALOONS TO CLOSE
OX DAY OF -.PRIMARY.
A meeting of the county committee
of the Labor Union party was held In
the A. O. F. Hall, 102 O'Farrell street,
last night. The men selected \u0084to look
after the interests of the party in the
different precincts at the primary elec
tion on Tuesday were present and were
Instructed as to their duties. The
meeting lasted about half an hour.
Labor County 'Committee Meets.
"Municipal Patriotism" was the sub
ject of an address delivered lasjt night
by Rev. William Rader before a large
meeting of the British and American
Union in the Academy of Sciences Hall.
He spoke in part as follows:
The official who administers the city for his
own interest is a political criminal.
1. appeal to theJ / !y T aUve Sons. They, should
take a thoughtful interest in the municipal
welfare of the city. I appeal to the men who
have come from other lands and States. Men
lruin all lands and cities are here. I ask you
to assume responsibility. Take hold and help.
li San Francisco is good enough to make a liv
ing in it la good enough to vote In.
I appeal to the indifferent classes, to the
business men. who, as Lincoln Steffens says,
"are buying boodlers. in' St. Louis, defending
gratters in Minneapolis, originating corruption
in Pittsburg, sharing with bosses- in Philadel
phia, deploring reform in Chicago and beating
eood government with corruption funds in
New York." The business men who are too
busy to vote and to attend the primaries have
no right to complain alter the election Is held.
To the church people preachers, professional
men. I say the future "of this city is In your
hands. Wake u»'. \u25a0
The labor unions of San Francisco are in
politics. They have been, in for several years.
They enjoy It. They are the masters of th«
situation. They have a right to go into poli
tics. The worklngman's vote is as heavy as
the employer's vote. This is a free country.
The worklngmen are happier industrially than
.politically. They are receiving good wages j
and are financially prosperous, but they are
uncertain as to the future.
The average laborer is patriotic. He is
thoughtful and I appeal to this thoughtfulness
when I say that it is unfortunate for all when
a separate party Is made out of unionism In
this city at this time. The government of this ;
city Is not intended for any one class, since
the Interest of all is Identical. The civic gov
ernment is not for the people south of Mar
ket, nor north of Market street, not for the
saloonist or the ministers, not for the Catholics
or the Protestants, but for aJI. The people are
the city. Laboring men must collect under
one of two banners, under the banner of de
mocracy or of graft. Labor Is patriotic. La
bor believes in government. Now comes the
judgment of labor.
Aaka AH Cltlxeng to Take Interest In
Municipal Affairs.
REV. MR. RADER MAKES APPEAL.
Republican League^- Club In Fortieth
. District Confirms Steadfast Stand.
The regular Republicans of the For
tieth Assembly District turned out In
force last -night at Franklin Hall . on
Fillmore street | and confirmed their
steadfast stand against the present cor
rupt municipal administration. Hartley
F. Peart was the chairman of the meet-
Ing and Charles Packseher was secre
tary. Both men are on- the regular
ticket as candidates to the convention
of the Republican League.
Among those | who addressed .. the
meeting last night were many • well
known names in the district. Alfred
Lilienthal, who is also a . candidate,
spoke for a few moments and was suc
ceeded by A. L. Weil of the Thirty
eighth. Attorney L. Is. Solomons made
a . stirring appeal for strong co 7 opera
tive work on the part ., of the voters
and the meeting closed with addresses
by John T. Dare and General "Woodruff.
LAST MEETING BEFORE ELECTION.
President Roosevelt will probably not
answer by wire. At least that is the im
pression among members of the Mer
chants' Exchange.^ Some .days may be
irequlred for . Minister Rockhill to look
into the facts at Peking and possibly to
gather Information from other . Chinese
points. At Peking It can be learned
whether the boycott has official sanction.
This has been denied. Merchants wish to
know the exact fact, in this regard.
'At various commercial ports In China
action on the part of Chinese guilds has
been reported in tne": v direction of dis
crimination against 'American products.
The American. consuls at these ports can
be called 'on to furnish to Minister Rock
b ill fall the , information they are able to
gather. Then a better, understanding of
the entire matter, can be had by the com-,
mercial people who are interested in ex
porting, to the Orient. . '..
It; was reported yesterday by E.'.R,
Lilienthal of the Merchants'. Exchange
that not . only . orders to . buy American
goods have been revoked but that also
contracts for the future have been set
aside. . Mr. Lilienthal said that the meet
ing to be called by the Merchants', Ex
change will probably be held next Friday
afternoon. All commercial bodies in the
city will be invited to . send representa
tives. Notice will be given in time for all
to attend who are interested.
President Roosevelt has -been, requested
by business men of 'San 'Francisco to in
struct Mr. X Rockhlll, American . Minister
to China, to investigate and report all the
facts relating to ; the boycott of Ameri
can products by guilds in China. '
A telegram has. been sent* to the Presi
dent making the request, and a" favorable
answer is expected to come \ by, "mail
promptly. The'dispatcn to the President
was sent by the Merchants' Exchange of
this city, which has also taken 'the lead
to have a meeting in mis city to discuss
the boycott and probably to adopt resolu
tions or take action. :-\u25a0>'.',
Action of Guilds \ r . of China,
Said to> Be Against Goods
of American Make, Causes
tlic Dealers Some Concern
The San Francisco Republican League,
standing for "A Clean City, Clean Poli
tics and a Clean Administration,", has
organized the forces cf good citizenship
in every district of the city and expects
to achieve success at the primary elec
tion next Tuesday.
The victory will be sweeping and de
cisive if the spirit of civic patriotism shall
be thoroughly awakened. The league has
done everything within the limit of
reasonable enterprise to organize for the
campaign, and it now remains for the
voters to go to the polls and vote the
ticket of the organization.
If the citizens of this city have had
enough of Schmitz and Ruef, they will
. come out and vote next Tueteday. If they
are satisfied with municipal government
as Ruef and Schmitz administer it, they
will loiter at home or spend the day at
some seaside resort or shady glen.
The Republican League can do no more
than has been done to Bring about the
opportunity to redeem the city from the
reign of graft. It Is up to the men of
San Francisco to say what kind of gov
ernment the city shall henceforth have.
When voters excuse themselves from tak
ing the trouble to vote on the plea that
oVher citizens in sufficient number to
carry the day will attend the election,
they Identify themselves with the skulk
ers.
George D. Clark (president), Daniel A.
Ryan (secretary), Fairfax H. Wheelan,
John D. Daly, David Rich, John Lack
mann, Richard J. Welch and E. J. Bowes,
of the executive committee of the league,
have given their time and energies to the
work of organizing the forces of good
government and they ask that citizens
who are now in the country on vacation
to return to the city and vote at the
primary election next Tuesday.
Proof can be produced that A. Ruef,
who is posing as the champion of union
labor, did not stipulate that Japanese
fc'nd Chinese labor should not be employ
td in fbe work of distributing his cam
• i>aign literature, and proof can be pro
ciuced that Japanese were so employed.
The San Francisco Republican League,
mindful of the interests of white work
ing men and women, stipulated against the
employment of Asiatics.
The following affidavits were made yes
terday:
fcta.t« of California, City and County of San
Francisco — es.
Kainax-H. Wheelan. being firet duly sworn,
deposes and Bays: That he Is a resident of
the city and county of San Francisco, State
of Ca'iicrnia. and a member of the organiza
tion committee of the San Francisco Republi
can League, and as euch has had charge of the
matter of sending circulars and pasters to all
the registered voters of Eald city and county;
that on the :'.lst day of July. 1»OT>. he entered
into a contract with one William M. Well,
under the terms of which the tald William M.
Weil undertook and agreed- to fold, inclose,
address and mail said circulars and said past
ers to all the registered voters of said city
and county; and as a part ot the terms thereof
aftiar.t gave the said William il. Well specific
instructions that the said work should be per
formed by white persons, and that under no
circumstances should any Japanese or Chinese
be employed upon said work.
FAIRFAX H. WHEELAN*.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th
day of Aucust. 1905.
A. K. DAGGETT. Notary Public,
In and for Said City and County of San Fran
cisco. State of California.
State of California, City and County of 6an
Francisco — ss.
William M. Well, being first duly sworn, de
• poses ard says: That he Is a resident of the
eaid city and county of San Francisco, State of
California; that on the 31st day of July, 1905,
he entered into a contract with the San Fran
cisco Republican League, by the terms of
which contract he undertook to fold. Inclose,
address and mail circulars and pasters to all
th<? registered electors of said city and county;
end affiant received instructions from Fairfax'
H. Wheelan. one of the members of the or
ganization committee of said San Francisco
Republican League; that he should under no
circumstances employ any Japanese In the
work of carrying out said contract; that affi
ant did not and has not employed any Japan
ese or Chinese in said work, but all of said
work has been done by white girls and white
men. WILLIAM M. WEIL.
Subscribed and eworn to before me this 4Kb
£ay of August 1605.
GEORGE T. KNOX, Notary Public
* are: properly registered.
Through some unaccountable error on
the part of the clerical force of the Mer
chants' Association Martin H. Eag-an and
Charles Leahy, proposed delegates on the
Ban Francisco Republican League ticket
in the Forty-third Assembly District, are
\u25a0 reported &a among those improperly reg
istered. The facts are that Eagan and
Leahy are properly registered and should
not be Included In the list designated for
citation. • ; : -.:: *
Another error must be charged to the
account of the Merchants' Association, as
the following letter will explain:
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Aug. 4, 1905.
Editor Call: In this morning's issue of your
paper I find my name included among the list
Of those whose names are requested to be
stricken from th» roll of registered voters by
the Merchants' Association, on the ground of
ron-recldence.
The facts are these: My residence la at 158
Fourth street, in the aixth precinct of the
Twenty-ninth District, my personal effects be
ing now at that address. I am temporarily
visiting friends in Mill Valley.
In Justice to myself I think that I am enti
tled to ask from your paper a correction of
this statement, as I do not care to be, nor is it
right to co class me. among what is taken by
the public to be a crowd of ballot-box "stuf
fers" or registered dummies.
Trusting that you will attend to the matter,
I remain, very truly yours, •
JAMES G. CONLAN.
The grafters under the leadership of
Maestretti In the" Thirty-ninth District
are losing their heads. Edward Ewald,
one of Maestretti's lieutenants In the
Thirty-ninth, sends out a circular In
which this paragraph appears:
Run this election In the right way and you
can have all the railroad facilities you want
and divide the nickels with the German Jews
who own the United Railroads.
lU2KRI.Y tEAUS RUEF CLUB.
; W. J. Herrin. president of the Keantf- '
McGowan Club in the Forty-second ' Dis
trict. Is keeping pace with Ewald in the
production of boefmerang literature. .. The
Ueriln Club In the Forty-second is an
irregular combination. The regular antl-
Ruef ticket in the Forty-second Assem
bly District is headed by E. N. Ayers.
Citizens of the Forty-second who are op
posed to the Rucf-Schmitz regime, and be
lieve that a creditable administration of
public affairs Is demanded, should give
their support to the anti-Ruef ticket^of
the San Francisco Republican League.
The Ruefters !n the Twenty-ninth . As
sembly District flr« assisted and directed
by Commissioners Eagan, Parry and Finn.
Of course, the colt goes with Parry. The
regular Republicans of the Twenty-ninth
are supporting the league ticket headed i
by J. F- Collins. This ticket is indorsed :
l»y the Republican County Committee, f the
State Central Committee of the Republl- i
can party of the district and by the San t
Francisco Republican League. i
The officers of the Anti-Ruef Labor i
FAVORABLE ANSWER \
IS EXPECTED SOON
A visit was paid to the. various wards,
where the desired men were stationed,
and in - every case but one the men
claimed to have registered on the request
tff "some one," although they did' not
call the place their residence. Every pa
tient called upon said that he would leave
the place as soon as his condition war
ranted it. In the, cases where the men
were paid for the work it was held by
Attorney Harris that they were not resi
dents when they intended to remove
upon the expiration of their illness. All
through the list the men were found to
be inmates through sickness, .which fact,
according to ; the law, makes them • in
competent to vote. ."-
The following men were examined by
Foreman Andrews and Attorney Harris,
each of them having registered during the
last month with the, 'ntentibn of voting:
Joseph Bresa, ', 1865 Broadway, is
a patient. He "works In one of the wards,
although he does not claim the place tie
a permanent residence,, therefore,: he is
incompetent. ,
W. H. Devlin, patient, is from the city.
He said he was asked to register by
"some one." He • said he would leave
the^ hospital when he recovered. He has
no right to vote.
l A^. B. Conroy, patient. Is from the Bo
nanza House, and' has been at the \u25a0 Insti
tution only a short time.- ; He intends to
vote, although he is going to leave when
he recovers. • ' : "
Robert Gibson, v patlent, from the city,
declared himself an- "unpaid, permanent
resident, with . the intention of leaving."
He is' thought to be, disqualified. ; .
' Michael Kelleher, patient on the pay
roll, registered and began to . receive pay
during July. Although not a permanent
resident, he intends to vote.
.Pat Shea, 'patient, has voted for Beveral
: years, although not a permanent resident
because ha will leave the hospital .when
well and does notj.call it his home. He
is paid for : working.
John McAulif. patient, claims the right
to vote, although »he is not a permanent
resident. • • . .
W. Hayes, patient, works In- the build
ing but. receives no pay and claims the
city for a residence. ..
W." Fitzgerald, patient,- Is not on the
payroll and Is not a permanent resident,
yet intends to vote.
J. M. Harris, patient, receives "' $5 \u25a0 a
month,- but is Ineligible because of his
residence being : in the city.
NO RIGHT TO VOTE.
"Because the men are able to; walk
around does not entitle them to vote,"
said Attorney Harris, "and because some
others are more fortunate in being put
on the payroll a discrimination cannot
be made in their favor.; These men have
no legal right to cast a ballot Win the
true sense of the word -and will ,be pre
vented." \u25a0
Twenty-five indigents were declared In
competent to vote, after ; the Investigation
at the- Almshouse by Foreman Andrews
and Expert Young of the. Grand' Jury
yesterday morning. It has been the cus-'
torn; to vote these men notwithstanding
that the . only > time they are • not in v con
finement is when -they come out to reg
ister or.' vote. ' They are |in •' confinement
aa though . in prison and are governed
by the ; same laws, 'which ; makes their
right 'to 'vote 'null. \u0084 ,•
* The condition of affairs will be reported
to the Grland Jury and \ decided ' by; them
whether the, indigents' may, vote! If ; they
are not "eligible they^ will: bet challenged
by representatives of ; : the Grand Jury/ at
the .polls.' It was learned that family
pride made ? some of the; Almshouse : in
mates give \u25a0 a fictitious name on registra
tion. Each •of "these cases was exam
ined. ,"\u25a0''\u25a0'\u25a0 _;'- *.''. T ." :-'^'.-_ ;.\u25a0'.-
WARDS ARE VISITED.
"These patients have no? right what
ever, to vote," declared Foreman An
drews of the Grand Jury yesterday after
an exhaustive examination of two score
of the registrations of inmates of the
City and County Hospital. ."And if they
do so there will be some lively prosecu
tion for, fraud," he added. ~ x
During \u25a0 the investigation It developed
that a large number of the men had been
put on the hospital payroll and that they
had registered, although they j had not
lost their distinction of being patients.
Many of them are being treated for dis
ease, and since the law reads that a pa
tient is not a permanent resident .of a
hospital about seventy- four men- are un
questionably not entitled to vote. ','
\ To-day at 10 o'clock the report of Fore
man Andrews will be" handed" to the
Grand Jury, and It will undoubtedly take
steps to check the bold scheme to stuff
the ballot-box. /
As a result of the instructions of Dr.
Ward, president of the Health Board,
Superintendent McQuide showed none of
the hostile spirit yesterday which ho : dis
played Wednesday, when he refused to
allow Foreman Andrews to examine the
patients. He explained that at that time
he. was ; only, delaying the' investigation
because of his own stubbornness, and
imagined that, being superintendent, he
could dictate to the Grand' Jury. He as
serted on Wednesday that he would stall
the examination till the last, but; yes
terday he was In a most accommodating
mood. \u25a0
Foreman Andrews and Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Harris were not stopped
at the gates and told to vamos, as- had
been promised. Instead they met Mc-
Quaide in his ofllee and then called for
certain men to appear, and be examined.
The wily superintendent was slightly ruf
fled at first at the instructions sent him
by. Dr. Ward to show the inquisitors
every courtesy, but he tried to relieve his
feelings by telling bluntly that he handed
Andrews "a pretty brick" on Wednesday.
"If you had any sense, *•- Harris," you
would have seen that my actions Wednes
day were only a bluff," said McQualde.
"I knew that I had the cinch on you and
told you only what I- chose. ",.y
"Wait till you see what we do to-day,"
said Andnews, "and then you can Judge
whether' we were bluffed out Wednes
day;"
Men on Vacation
Requested to
Return.
The introductory speaker 'was Daniel
A. Ryan, s«ktiretary of the Republican
League. His eloquent remarks aroused
the audience to demonstrative applause;
A. Perry Harris and A. Vander Nall
len Jr. followed' with short speeches.
Senator Edward I. Wolfe made a stir
ring appeal to voters to fight for a, bet
ter city and work earnestly for victory
at the polls next Tuesday to carry the
Thirty-eighth in with other Assembly
districts under a ' straight Republican
banner. The evening . speech-making
was closed by C. M. Fickert: \u25a0." Musical
selections between the: speeches added
to the entertainment of the. audience.
Jefferson- Square Hnll Crowded With
Enthusiastic Republicans. ,-
The Republican League Club of the
Thirty-eighth District had a crowded
house to listen to its speakers last
night at Jefferson Sauare Hall/ and if
enthusiasm and numbers count for any
thing the league's ticket will have an
overwhelming victory. Max 'Goldberg,
who Is on the list of 'delegates, pre
sided.
Twenty- Five Indigents in
Alnishouse Are Said to
Be in the Same Category
Request That' Minister Rock
hill Be Directed to Send
Authentic Information Re
garding Reported Boycott
DUTY OF CITIZENS
CLEARLY DEFINED
TUIIX OUT IN' THIRTV-EIGHTII.
TO MAKE REPORT TO-DAY
Grand Jury Foreman -Finds
a Long List of liieligibles
at the County Hospital
All Signs Point to
Uprising of
Voters.
Many -member's 'volunteered their ser
vices to patrol their precincts on elec
tion day -and If possible to carry the
Forty-first solid for the league.
Other members' who spoke for good
government were the Rev, Mr. Hatha-.
way, E. B. Cutter, i E. R. Baldwin, A.
E. Groupner, Vice President L. M. Flet-'
cher and others. ; . . .
a citizen of this great American re
public. '
League, the headquarters of which are
at 3 Eddy street, are busy Investigating:
registrations coming from N water front re
sorts and sailor boarding houses. The
officers say they have obtained evidence
that •wholesale frauds have been commit
ted, fifty men being registered from one
house where only twelve legal voters re
side. The league officers are going to keep
a sharp lookout and are confident they
will bt able to assist in sending a few
more violators of the election laws to the
penitentiary.
On the Euef ticket in the Twenty
ninth District there are .ten saloon
men. but it is not clear by any means
that the3 r were not constrained to lend
their services to tho boss.
Many of the llcuor dealers are com
ing to the conclusion that it. would be
better to hnvo iiigh license outright and
distinct recognition of their right -to
do business free from political extor
tion than to be constantly . subjected to
grafting demands and oppressive' J as
sessments. The grafters are said to be
holding up the saloons for sums rang
ing from |20 to J2CO. In the red light
section of the Forty-fourth District the
grafters are as bold as highwaymen. '
The regular anti-Uuef Republican
Club, of the Thirty-third Assembly Dis
trict will meet to-night at Silk's Hall,
Treclta avenue, near Mission street, to
make final arrangements for the pri
mary election.
Mall handlers of the Postoffice are
working day and night in distributing
a vast quantity of campaign circulars,
tickets, etc. There are many indica
tions pointing to a record-breaking pri
mary election vote noxt Tuesday. Poli
ticians predict the success' of the Re
publican League.
MERCHANTS
ASK AID OF
PRESIDENT
MANY INMATES
MAY NOT VOTE
REPUBLICAN LEAGUE COLUMN
IS READY FOR THE BATTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; iSATURDAY; AUGUST 5, 1905:
DISMISSED STANFORD PROFESSOR |
. WHO HAS LOST HIS FIGHT FOR
REINSTATEMENT. I
At yesterday's regular monthly meet
ing of the -Society, for the Prevention
of ' Cruelty, to Children the secretary
reported • that 182 little ones had been
afforded relief during July. -There were
twelve prosecutions of adults for cruel
ty and oi these eight were convicted.
N. D. Rldeout;: Edgar Painter, Redlng
ton & Co. and >Irs. W. M. Pierson were
elected to membership in the society.
Children's Society Meets.
RICHMOND. Va.. Aug. 4.— At South Boston.
Halifax County, last night. Policeman Joseph*
Carter shot and fatally wounded Henry Easley
Jr , son Of Henry Easley of the Governor's
staff. The shooting followed aa altercation.
The bullet penetrated the breast and Easley
died in a few hours.
Come to the fullest measure to those who In
dulge In the practical conveniences. If you go
by land ' or sea . you . need a trunk; we have
ladles" trunks, men's' trunks, • wardrobe trunks,
trunks of - wood and trunks of leather, bureau
trunks, hat trunks, suit cases, coat cases, club
bags. Everything for the traveler: and prices
right. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
The Joy. of Going
WASHINGTON, Aug. 4. — Cleveland*
and Chicago both made protest to-day
through their representatives against*
any further delay in the completion of
their public Federal buildings. The San
Francisco postofflce building status was
also denned in the answer of the super
vising architect of the Treasury, who
said that such buildings were practi
cally out of the Treasury Department's
hands when the contract was let. All
his office can do is to see that the plans,
are properly carried out. The depart
ment is much at sea on the limit ques
tion. To-night It was said that the San
Francisco buildings required only a few
minor changes. Chicago and Cleve
land's protest was very vigorous.
Treasury Department Explains the Rea
son lor Delay In the Construction .
of Federal Building*.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OX THE PACIFIC COAST
Past President Walsh of the Labor
Council last night Installed the recently
elected officers. The City Front Fed
eration, installed the following: officers:
President, W. T. Cobert; vice presi
dent, J.J. 'Clancy; secretaryand busi
ness agent, John Kean; treasurer. J. P.
B. Jones; financial secretary, Robert
Talfor; auditing committee." S. J. Cook,
J. Downham, A.-Furuseth; credentials
committee. A. Brandt, P. Carroll, C.
ChefCers, T. J. Denahey, John McLaugh
lin; organizing committee, .M. Casey,
T. J. Denahey, • John Kean, R. Talfor
and J. C. Williams.
5
\u25a0' : "'" \u25a0\u25a0 ' " \u25a0"' • \u25a0 1 1 & ?— - - ,^**th' . **i*a i$
EHRMAN BROS. & CO., Distributors*
NOW IS YOUR CHANCE TO BRING' YOUR .
FRIEN DS OR RELATIVES FROM EUROPE 1
Through Rates to California From
QUEENSTOWN..;. $71.25
L1VERP00L......... 71.25 i
LONDON :....... :..... 74.25
GLASGOW. 74.25
DUBLIN..-. ............... 74.25
COPENHAGEN 75.00
MALMO . ; . 75.00
GOTHENBURG 75.00
Proportionately low rates from all other points by
the Old Reliable Cunard Line! Safest and quick-
est line across the Atlantic.
"."} These rates good only, for limited time. Purchase
tickets at once. If you can't call, send the money
'"•\u25a0•.' -. and we will furnish you with the tickets.
. S. F. BOOTH, - 1; Montgomery St..
Gen. Agt.;U.P.R» R.CO..V * San Francfaco.
Mi M n«H-*nMHHHBBaBHBSaHBIJEFFRIES GOES FREE.
NEW YORK.' Aug. 4.— Funeral services
were * held , to-nl?ht in Brooklyn 1 over
Baron Charles Frederick Esmond de Sal
dern, \u25a0a \u25a0 third . son of * the"- noble house of
Van \ Saldera of . Germany, who came " to
*Amerfea^ fifty" years : . ago, made a - slight
change. in his name and dropped all com
munication with his family. For many
years he" lived In Cincinnati, but some
time ago established a .fine home In
Brooklyn, where he $led.
Baron de Saldern was the son of Gen
eral Charles -Frederick yon Saldern. and
his great, grandfather was chief aid to
Frederick the. Great. ; His family is one
;of the boldest in the ..empire. He was
appointed - a lieutenant In: the .army' at
the itage £of > twenty-four. 1 Immediately
afterward the \u25a0 young ; man quarreled with
his family J a» : a result » of his .democratic
tendencies, and, throwing ; up his commis
sion,; he. came to. America.- ; "j
; On ithe "death, of ; his father. Baron de
Saldern inherited -,a' fortune.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERKELEY,; Aug.. .4.^-Cream^; puffs
eaten by . the f amily r of ( E. Hughes. l of
1811 '; Addison street while at an Oak
land restaurant a few , days : . ago \u25a0 poi-,
soned Air. and. Mrs. ; : Hughes and a; 4
y^ar-old child, \ arid /the services ; of , Dr.
J. J.Benton. were*. called, to -.alleviate
the agony of {the patients. .For -two
days all ..ithe.; members of vthe \ family
suffered intensely, and,: Dr. BentpnT.de
clares his ;, that.; they were ex
ceedingly fortunate .to escape without
fatality. They .'were all • pronounced
out of danger -to-day. - . • ;,
I'OISO>E.i) BY CREAM* PUFFS..
Captures Initial Event of the
Series in San Diego
G reat (frandspn of Frederick
tlie Gi*eat ? s Chief Aid
Buried in Brooklyn.
FIRST YACHT RACE
; WON BY THE LARK
SARATOGA. N. V.. Aug. 4.— l3ador
Wormscr, the New York banker who
was operated on here last night .' for
the . removal of a gall stone, required
stimulant? dtirinsr * the . nisrht.' but Im
proved to-day.
>>\» Yortc Hnnker' ImproVtnjr.
GERMAN BARON DB]S
IN A DOPTED COUNTRY
live* three .years aso and Mr. Kowe has ts
riped being a«seF«-<l lor these Improvements.
As an equalizer why did. he not 'call the at
tention of the Assessor to th» tact that he had
: net li-ca assessed for this* additional Improve- i
merit? " . \u25a0 ,
, iic actually • knew tn-it he was not paying '
t&xe» oq the new Improvement.. '\u25a0
' Who is s taker? . I
Don't lose sight of the fact that Mr. Rowe'c <
effort t-ivn'.n to have been studied for the pur- ;
I p-jse of inducing: the State Board of E<iualiza
' tlon to again raise the assessment of this '
county by giving Its membns to understand !
that this counly.-ls underassessed by me; and l
then .again, -will 'the opportunity be extended I
to Supervisor Rowe to Inflict a rate for coun- i
ty expanses estimated, as necessary - -by the j
totai of my valuations .upon an unfair In
creased valuation by the State board— thereby
repeating Mr. Rowe's. crime of 1903. when the
1 holdings of car fellow cltlzeiis were so un
reasonably and unjustly overaw?e«sed by the
State and -overtaxed by . the county ? \u25a0 .
\u25a0-•.7-. HENRY P. DALTON'.. '
city rays dalto\. i
OAKLAND. Aug. .4.— -CoVnty Assessor
Henry P. Dalton .to-day -received a war
rant for $3100 from City Auditor A. H. .
Breed In payment for a duplicate set of '
•the county assessment rolls for the city
of Oakland. . ; . V ,
The warrant drawn under au
thorization .of a municipal - ordinance, i
which/ in line with a provision of the j
cKy charter, directs the City -Assessor
to use the .rolls of the County Assessor' i
as the basis for the city assessment.",
For several years there has been in
litigation' between ..the county of Ala
meda atjd Dalton ; the' question . whether •
the County Assessor '. was '\u25a0 entitled -tto
collect for his own "account the pay for
furnishing the \u25a0 assessment rolls -. to the
ci'tyV. Dalton- has* heretofore withheld
the. money and is awaiting a decision
from the Supreme Court" touching 'his
claims to It. \ \u25a0 -, .- * -,
ALAMEDA, Aug. -' 4.— Alexander W.
Weyeneth, employed, as a "machinist
and assistant engineer at the "Pacific
Coast Borax- Works at the West 1 15nd,
was caught - upon a rapidly revolving
shaft, wnlrled about with terrible, ve
locity and hurled into an'- empty ce
ment cistern. His' clothes were stripped
from his body; his skull "fractured and
both of his arms were -broken. He
will die. • : '\u25a0• \u25a0\u25a0 ''I :--- ; ' : y- : -rJ i-'-,-^:'
Weyeneth -was evidently inspecting
the great 'steel rod. How lie became
entangled is not apparent, as there
were no wheels,- cogs Or projections on
the Bhaft at the where; he was
caught. It is thought- that 'the engi
neer's jumper may: . have been drawn
around .the fast moving 1 shaft ana be
fore he could tear jhimself-' free -his
other ; clotheß had become entangled.
Weyeneth exhibited remarkable vital
ity. Although the left side of his head
was crushed in, the break extending
from above the left ear- to the base of
the brain, he dfd not lose consciousness,
but called for help.! ' When "conveyed to
the City- Receiving -Hospital and laid
upon_ the operating table lie gaveln
structions to , the physicians who treat
ed hi'm,;Drs. L. W. : Stidham, ;W, A.
Brooks and J. E. Clark. »*. .Weyeneth .is
about forty : nve years of age and -had
been employed " at^'the Pacific Borax
Works, for eight years.v ; Hejs. single
arid resided at' ls4l ,We"b'ster street,".' 7',
OAKLAND, Aug. 4. — An ordinance
has been ordered prepared by the City
Attorney covering new regulations for
the disposal of the city's garbage. The
Pacific Incinerating Company will be
held to Its original contract, but the col
lection of garbage will be arranged so
that it will not be a monopoly. Sani
tary restrictions will be enforced. This
move, made in accordance with Mayor
Mott's recent special message to the
City Council, will solve, It is expected,
the existing difficulties as to gathering
of the city's waste. Final decision was
reached last night at a conference
between the city officials and the incin
erating company's representatives at
the Mayor's office.
XEW GARBAGE OUDIXAXCE.
PORTLAND. Aug. 4.— Another gigantic
vaudeville deal is being prepared by John
W. Considlne and S. Morton Cohn of
Portland, associated with \u25a0 Congressman
Timothy D. Sullivan, Alderman Timothy
P. Sullivan of New York. Senator -^Vtl
liam J. O'Brien of Chicago. Sdward
Burke of New York and John J. Ryan
of Cincinnati.- all -millionaires.- \u25a0 Having
made a success of the Western field, they
will next Invade the East and establish
a circuit of theaters. In all the big cities
between Chicago and New York. The
capital involved is unlimited. Papers of
incorporation will be filed, either In . Ore
gon or New Jersey. Congressman Sulli
van will be president and S. Morton
Cohn will be treasurer. .-The manager
will be either Consldine'or some one who
will work with him.
According to present plans, the big cir
cuit will have theaters In New York.
Buffalo, Chicago, Minneapolis, St. Paui.
Milwaukee. Cleveland, Cclurnbus, Phila
delphia. Baltimor*>- Louisville. ? Kansas
City. Cincinnati. Detroit,'^ and , In short,
every Eastern city that has at least 130,
000 population. QtSl
Special Dispatch to The Call.
:-..,« ' \u25a0 \u25a0•- —r~^v : ..:.:.,...;..:.-^.T'..
\u25a0 < .PORTIiAND. Aug. 4.—^For. the ' second
-time,, after deliberating for :over forty
hours, t. jury in the United States Dis
trict Court to-day reported to Judge da
Haven that it was unable t«/ reacH an
\u25a0agreempnt In the caso of tiie Uaite-1
Statt-s against : Congressman Zl N.
\u25a0Williamson, Dr. Van Gessncr and -for
mer United States Commissioner Marion
R. Bie.gs, charged with conspiracy to
suborn pfr.iury In. connectiot: with ille
gally securing 1 part o! thf. public .do
main. The jury was discharged. At th*
previous trial- the- jury" was discharged
after" deliberations which lasted almost
two days. . .
Durtng tho trial which was concluded
to-day the case was even more bitterlly
contested than ', during the flrst hear-,
ing, arid the failure of the jury to ar
rive at a verdict Is a. keen disappoint
ment to the prosecution, whii-h believed
that it had made out a .much stronger,
lease 'than in tlie former trial. Seven
teen ballots were taken by the jurors
in, their endeavor to arrive at \u25a0 a ver
'. diet, the vote standing almost'through
jout at 6'to 6.
Judge William H. Hunt of the .Mon
tana district .will preside at the third
trinl of Williamson. Gesner and Biggs.
It has b^on set for August 2S.
Engineer's Clothing Becomes
Entangled and Is Torn
From His Body.
New System of Vaudeville
Houses to Be Established
in the East. . . -. *
FAST MOVING SHAFT
BREAKS MAN'S SKULL
Six for Conviction and as
Many for Acquittal of .
\ Congressman.
SYNDICATE- PLANS %
CHAIN OF THEATERS
WILLIAMSON JUBY
AGAIN DISAGREES
PALO. AL.TO, Aug. 4. — Ah. Fong' and
Mok Wo have filed a complaint against
the town clerk and town marshal for,,
mandamus proceedings to compel the
issuance to them of a license to con
duct a restaurant.
CHINESE WANT LICENSES.
BERKELEY. Aug. 4.— Condemnation
of the school board's decision to strictly
enforce the rule requiring the payment
of tuition fees by all fathers who are
not registered voters of Berkeley was
expressed at a special meeting of the
Berkeley Real Estate Dealers' Ex
change, held this afternoon In the of
fices of Juster & Baird. . The realty men
believe that the enforcement of the
rule, in all cases, will work a hardship
upon many persons, and repel from
Berkeley citizens who would otherwise
retain residence in the college town' and
co'ntrlbute to Its prosperity.
The tuition fee "required of high
school pupils, whose fathers are "not
registered In Berkeley, is $50 annually
for each pupil. About 75 pupils are
affected. Many of these are said to
reside here with their parents, even
though the fathers of euch pupils are
not actually registered here..
AGAIXST TUITIOX FEE.
Stage Fright Hits Hilde
brand in Eighth, and He
'\u25a0" : Goes to Bench.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS. .
(American league.) i \ (National League,)
AY. L. Pct.J •> W. li. Pet.
Philadelphia' "W 38 .596 New York...tfO 27 .71»
Chicago ....51 m .680 Plttsburg ...60 35 .632
Cleveland ..,K! 30 .Mtt Philadelphia . ss 33 .623
New York ..43 41 .512 Chicago 51 35 .6Xi
Boston ... .4^ W .300 Cincinnati .AH 48 .500
Detroit . 42 45 .483 St. Louis 3« 48 .420
Washington .St 58 .352 Boston ol 84 .330
Bt." Louis ...32 5« .364 Brooklyn ...28 63 .288
NATIONAL LEAGUE. '
\u25a0PITTSBURG, Aug. . 4. — Pittsburg outplayed
New York at every point' until the eighth in
ning, when • Hildebrand, after doing fine work
up to that "time, took stage- frisrht and savt
the '-'first three New Yorkers bases on bail* 1 .
Lynch was sent In and lorced a run by hit
ting a "batsman. He steadied down quickly,
though, and finished without giving a hit. At
tendance, 8000. Score: :.
R. H. E.
Pittsburg - " 12-2
New York 5 5 S
Batteries— Hlldcbrand, Lynch and Pelta;
Amen, Taylor . and Breenahan. Umpires—
Em<»lle and Ba use wine. \u25a0 »' - - '
CHICAGO. Aug. 4.— For .six innings to-day's
game, was a j>hchere' contest. Two singles
and a lonr: fly in the seventh saved Boe ton
from a shutout. Chicago In the eighth scored
twice on two singles, a double and an out.
Attendance. 3CCO." Score:
. . R. H. E.
Chicago 2 4. 0
Boston ...... .......;.... 1 -4 1
z Batteries — Lundgren and rKling; .-Willis and
i Moran. Umpire—^Jolmstone.'
•AMERICAN-LEAGUE.
\u25a0 BOSTON. Aug. 4. — Boston ' and Cleveland
played a free hitting game to-day. Each team
used two pitchers, the home club winning. At
tendance, 70C0.' Score: \u25a0 ' .
R. H. E.
Boston ...'..; 7 .B' 1
Cleveland . . L ... 5 . .' 10 • 1
Uattcrits — Gibson, Dineen and Armbru.ster:
Ferry. Joss and Bnelow. '
NEW ; YORK, Aug. 4. — The New \ York
Americans- took- the' second -earae of the se
ries -from St. Louis with case. Howell . was
batted at opportune moments, butthe visitors
could not connect with Newton when hits
meant runs. Attendance, 4500. Score:
- \\u25a0 s '\u25a0- • : R-, H. E.
New. York .... ..... ....... 7 10 2
St. Louis ........:.....:........•.. 3 ,Jl 2
Batteries — Newton arid "Powers; HowtU and
Sudden. \u25a0 '. :, \u25a0• - ~ . ;V
WASHINGTON. Aug. 4.— Washington wbii
a hard- struggle against -Chicago to-day. Three
times it was necessary to forge ahead of the
visitors; before the- gamft. was finally, won.
Attendance, 2200. .Score:.
'Chicago . ..;...........'..'......'... 6 10 .2
Waahington .......;............... 6 8 "0
Batteries — Owen. • Walsh, .Snrlth and ' Sulli
van: Patten and KlttredKe. . ._,
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 4.—Phllade!phla
and Detroit broke ever, to-day in a double
header. In -the first \u25a0• game the home »team
\u25a0batted : Donovan freely. In the; second contest
Henley pitched a great game of ball. At
tendahce. 10.000. Score: ;
Flrsteame— • -• — \u25a0 \u25a0 r, jj. E.
Detroit. ....'........ 0 9 «
Philadelphia 8 11 2
Batteries— Donovan and Drill; Plftnk and
Schreck. .. . ' N • .
Second jtme— ' ' • \ r R.- h. E.
Detroit .*;;' .. .....~.. .......... 3 2 1
Philadelphia .". 2 8 6
Batteries— Kitson and Clark; Henley and
Barton. \u25a0 ' ' . ' " ' \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 ..--* '-. - a ;-.
SAX RAFAEL, Aug. 4.— Grand Chan
cellor Commander D. C. Clark paid an
official visit to Tamalpais Lodge No. SO.
Knights of Pythias, last evening. The
first and second degrees were conferred
upon two candfdates by the local de
gree team. Mr. Clark made an eloquent
and Interesting address^ , Thers were
short addresses by local members. The
meeting was followed by a" smoker. '
CI. ARK ADDRESSES PYTHIAN'S.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 4.— Hugh JL
Johns, manager of the wholesale firm
of Hooper & Jennings in San Francisco
and a prominent member of the Corin
thian Yacht Club, was quietly married
by Rev. Dr. A. E. Ulrich last Tuesday
to Miss Rosalind Schloss of San J"rap
clsco. Mr. Johns has the handson/e and
comfortable ark "Argonaut" at Escalle.
where he makes his home, i The happy
young couple were the recipients of
many hearty congratulations from their
numerous friends. \u25a0 ; , , \u25a0
Well Known San Franciscan and Prom
inent Yachtsman Leave* Ranks* '
of Bachelors.
'• ST. CATHERINES, Ont., Aug. 4. —
With one or two exceptions the events
In- the -first day of the regatta of the
Canadian Association of Amateur Oars
men were woa easily, and the events
were almost featureless. Summary:
Flr«t race. Junior fours, first heat, first two
to -qualify— R*t Portage, first; Argonauta.^To
ropto, Ont. second;" Th 4 Don Rowing Club,
third. 'Time. :52H- •\u25a0/\u25a0'" ..^
\u25a0 Junior fours, second Mst, winner to QUanry —
Ottawa Rowing Club, Ottawa Ont., first;
Mutual Boat Club, Boffalo, : N.. Y-. second.
Time. %:X>Q. . <-• :-\u25a0 s- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . • -'. ' x
Junior singles first best, first and second to
qualify— l Craig Detroit Boat Club, first: W.
B Graham. Toronto Rowing Club, second; J.
S." Clayton Pennsylvania Boat Club, Phila
delphia; third. Time. 9:46.
Junior elngles, second heat, first and secona
to qualify— Mark Ftegg, Don Rowing Club.
Toronto, first; A. E. Hall. Argonaut Rowing
Club. Toronto, second. Time.- 9:27&.
Junior doubles, final— Argonaut Rowing Club,
Toronto won: Ottawa Rowing Club. Ottawa,
second:* Rat Portage Rowing Chib, Rat Port
age, third. Time, 8:31>.
Senior pairs, final — Argonaut Rowing Club,
first- Toronto Argonauts, second. Tim#,
8:22*2-5.
Junior singles, final — Craig. Detroit, first;
Graham. Toronto, second; Flagg, Dons, third.
Time, 0:10. .
Intermediate singles, .first heat— Sprlnks,
Toronto Rowing Club. Toronto, flrst; McAllis
ter Hamilton Mowing Club. Hamilton, second.
Time. O-.18 1-5.
• Intermediate singlts, second heat — Coulson,
Hamilton Rowing Club, first: French, Penn
gylvanla* Boat Club. Philadelphia. s*»<Jond;
Wark Hamilton Rowing Ciub. third. Time,
S:5B 2-5. \u25a0 'U^ \u25a0 ,
OAKLAND, Aug. A. — E. G. Northrup
and H. G. Parsons, who came from San
Jose to examine the books of the Alta
dena Mining and Investment Company,
: were convicted in the Police Court this
morning of disturbing the peace of Mrs.
Ida J. Smith, secretary of the com
pany.
Northrup and Parsons, who are
i stockholders In the corporation, went
to Mrs. Smith's residence and were or
dered out. "Their refusal to depart led
to the arrests. They 'charge the Rev.
J. J. Smith, the president of the com
pany and the secretary's husband, with
; swindling the stockholders. Smith is
under arrest at San Jose. The visitors
asserted their right to enter the house,
asserting it was the offlce of the com
pany. Judge Mortimer Smith held that
their conduct was such as to cause a
technical breach of the peace. Sen
tence was deferred until .August 10,
pending a decision whether there shall
be an appeal.
PEACE WAS DISTURBED.
PITTSBURG OUTPLAYS
THE NEW YORK TEAM
HUGH M. JOHNS MARRIES
MISS ROSALIXD SCHLOSS
POINT RICHMOND, Aur.' 4.— An Im
portant decision 'has been reached by
the United .States Harbor- Line Board
that will give the Richmond district a
sheltered harbor behind the Potrero.'lt
will be thoroughly protected from the
winds that sometimes cause trouble on
the western- shore. The decision'? was
rendered by Colonel Heuer. Colonel
Handbury and Captain Harts'- of the
United • States Engineer Corps, ami
opens Ellis Slough ' as 'a navigable
stream.* 1 ...... .... .^,. .
Years ago it was. decided by the
gineers of the War ' Department that
this piece of water was not navigable;
a solid bulkhead and pierhead' line was
established across the mouth, •'and.:' this
done by the 'Federal Government, the
State proceeded to sell off the- tidi
lands behind tb.e bulkhead line, effect
ually shutting off the Dack part of the
Potrero from water. V
John Nichol of the John Nichol Com
pany, which owns tl^southorn part of
the Potrero. and his engineer. Rosa
Morgan, took the matter v up with- the
"War Department at Washington.- Air.
Morgan -prepared, a statement, and in
less than thirty days, from 'the time th-j
first papers Mere hied the Witr Depart
ment had sent the Hurbor Line Board
to. Point Richmond, which they visited
yesterday, ami to-day "the decision came
down cutting an S&O-foot. \u25a0 channel
through the olii bulkhead and pier
head line and opening. the old slough.
John Nichol now annovoices/that he
will build a bui knead wharf, with a
frontage of more than 1000 i'eet on thia
water, and proceed to develop It as an
absolutely protected .place '"for. shipping,
all of which means sl great deal for
Point Richmond.
Canadian. Association of
Amateur Oarsmen Holds
Meet in Ontario.
CONTESTS IXKEGATTA
ALMOST FEATURELESS
Decision Conies From War
Department Over Point
Richmond Water Front
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— OakIand, . Aug. 4.
The following 'marriage licenses were issued
by the "County Clerk to-day: - Jeremiah O'Con
nor, 44, and Amelia Bsrgln, 48, ..both of Ban
Francisco: Carl A. Saur, . 25. ' and Anita L.
Lawson, 23, both of San Francisco." -.\
CIRCULATES NEW PETITJON.^-Oakland,
Aug. 4.— A nfeTv petition, prepared by John A.
Sanborn. of Fruitval-f. is In circulation re
questing the Oakland Traction Consolidated not
to withdraw • its application for a street rail
road franchise . through East Fourteenth street
from First to Twelfth avenues.
MISSING WOM*AN FOUND.— Oakland, Aug.
4. — Frank Snook of 2035 Hearet avenue, Berke
ley, reported to the Oakland'pollce to-day that
Josle McGregor, a domestic in his employ, liad
disappeared. Detefctive Kyte this . evening
found that the woman had gone to her hus
band, and was at SCS Clay street, their home.
TO PROVE WILL, A NEW WAY.— Oakland.
rAug. .4. — Photographic copies of the will if
the late- Asaph K. - French of Fruit vale are
now being prepared to be sent to I»O9. Angeles
in'order that tne. witnesses may identify their
signatures to the document. • This ts under,
the- new' procedure recently" provided for by
the' last : Legislature; X "'\u25a0.- : '
MUST TAKE .CHANCES IN JAlL.—Oak
land, Aug.' 4.— Connie Fitzgerald, a self-con
fessed burglar,- who-^ was 'admitted 'to probation
a few weeks ago. because It was represented
that he had consumption and' would -die if
sent to prison, wof arrrsted strain only a few
days ago and sentenced to ?an Quenttn-for a
year by Judge Waste this afternoon.
BACK IS INJURED.— Oakland. .Aug. 4.—
John Fraters, a laborer, working on th« big
wireless telegraph, station now being put to
gether- at Adams wha.'f -for nw on Mount
T&malpaiß. was injured this afternoon by the
falling of a beam, which struck him across
the back. He was taken, to the Receiving
Hospital, where his Injuries were pronounced
seTrious, but not . fatal. ,^ ; *
SUITS FOR DIVORCE.'->-Oakland. Atig. 4.—
Charging her husband with brutal conduct to
ward her, Carlotta Costa -has brought a suit
far divorce . agralnat . Manuel Costa, who, she
alleges, has kicked and -abussd. her and even
, thrown a lighted lamp at' her. Sallna Rodgers
has brought divorce proceedings against ' Revc
R. Rodgers. whom she accuses of making her
life miserable by his. lntemperance. v.
ANOTHER BANK FOR. ALAMEDA.—XIa
meda, Aug:." 4. — Representatives of the United
Bank and Trust Company, of San Francisco
are canvassing the city for subscriptions to
the stock of a -branch of the Institution, which
it lg proposed to establish at > the West End.
The movement has the backing of .the West
End Improvement Association, and already
$17,000 of the $25,000- required has been sub
scribed. .•. \u25a0 : . \u25a0; ; :. ' ,i. .-':jl ' "-- -.,
ROW IN VETERAN RESERVES.— OakIand.
Aug.. 4. — Captain- Henry •C. Garlock ' of Com
pany A of the Veteran Reserves. N. G,\, C,
to-day swore out a- search -warrant -asalnst
former Quartermaster ' Sergeant P. - „£>. \u25a0 Sher
wood to recover the keys of the armory; :; ; Sher
wood and Garlock had trouble, and the* com
pany. expeHed Sherwood. Now Captain Garlock
charges him with keeping the keys to the .place
where the company's uniforms are stored. - /
CHAUFFEUR'S ARM BROKEN.— Oakland, i
Aug. ,4.— R; Brown, a chauffeur .from San
Francisco, suffered the breaking of his right
arm this aftetrnoon by a : "kick-back" from a
crank handle on his automobile. Brown was
preparing td 'start his machine after leavlr.a
the ferry-boat Bay City. The handle dew
back, causing the Injury, which was treated at
the Receiving Hospital. : The accident delayed
a trlt) to Sen Jose.-:--.- '.. .'\u25a0 \u25a0 , \u25a0' ,
TO REFUND TAXES.— Oakland, Aug.- 4.—
An . opinion has been received here '.from the
Attorney General holding that the taxes' on the
capital stock of the, Third National Bank and
the Union National' Bank "of this city" should
tt refunded. The assessment' was levied two
years ago and paid ' under protest." and District
Attorney Allen, acting upon this decision, will
advise \u25a0 that the money, amounting to '• some
$9000. be returned. " \u25a0 "
MACCABEES INSTALL OFFICERS.—AIa
meda, Aug. 4. — Alameda Tent, Knights of the
Maccabee?, has installed .officers as follows:
Sir knight commander, S. A.- Winckler: lieute
nant commander;. Ira W.Klbby; chaplain, A.
A. Barber; master at arms, S. J. Henderson; '
record-keeper, F. A. Russman; ' finance-keeper.' i
Herman Rtssman; sergeant at arms, E. A.
Messner; flrft master of guard,; F. E. Mc-
Causland; second' master of guard. .A. W.
Chapman: picket. George Helmken; sentry. J.
A. la Jeunesae. : . .
SCHOOL BOARD • MUST PA V.— Oakland.
Aug. 4.— The Board of Equalization to-day.de
cined that . It could : not ( remit the • taxes upon
certain; pieces of property, recently purchased
by the City Board of Education. for school pur
poses. While the sale has been , consummated
since; the affcssment ot-ths. property; to the
former ' owners the : board I* held by ' agree
ments made \u25a0 anterior :to that . time and must
n«w pay the taxes, although having only Just i
come Into possession .of th? property.
,-FIRE CHIEF FILES REPORT.— Alameda. '
Aug. 4.— 'Chief F. K. Krauth Jr. 'of the FJre
Department : has filed his report , for the " yeai i
ending Juno 30.. 1908. i- The expenses of the de- '.
partment were <!in,421 t>\; and* the • loss on
buildings and .. contents by •-. fire was ; $21,116."
-Chief ; Krauth recommends ; the appointment i of
a permanent assistant chief.' as he assert* that
the, duties of his offlce have Increased since < the
j volunteer department was : disbanded.'. ,: He - af
firms . that ; hhs force Is I badly.' handicapped : be
rauf c of lack of .water pressure ; In: the : main*
during the summer daylijht hours. *
ALAMEDA COHHTY IBM
OPENS A LAND
LOCKED HARBOR
OAKLAND, Aug. 4.— The guardianship
proceedings brought by the heirs of aged
William Betts of Berkeley were not dis
posed of by his marriage to his house
keeper. Grace E. Forsythe. The matter
came up in court to-day and was put
over for one week. An" answer was filed
in his behalf, in which he states that he
is quite well at SO and thoroughly able
to manage his own affairs.
In order to keep their father from mak
ing any move toward matrimony, he hav
ing shown indications of being in love
with his housekeeper, whom he had
known but six -weeks, guardianship pro
ceedings were brought by A. H. Mac-
Donald, his son-in-law, and his son,
Percy Betts. Without waiting for their
-petition to be heard Betts, the elder,
quietly eecured a license to marry and
had the knot securely tied. He Is pos
sessed of considerable wealth.
CHARMIXO DAUGHTER OF A
BERKELEY MINISTER, WHO BE
CAME A BRIDE YESTERDAY.
Young Wife Will Have to
Prove William Belts
Is Rational.
MUST NOW DEFEND
HER AGED SPOUSE
In the vicinity' of Tocaloma Sheriff W.
P. Taylor, Commodore Pietro Crane and
party have three to their credit. Crane
came in Thursday and says that hunting
is good, and expects that the party will
add one or two more to Us credit. Harry
F. Bailey brought down a nice forked
horn.' It is' reported that, fourteen does
were seen on the Lagunitas Club grounds,
but not a buck to try the marksmanship
of the club members. • \u25a0
In the Big Coyote, near Sausalito, Wil
liam Campbell . and Isaac F. Heuston
killed a deer between them. Antone Mar
shall killed a spike near L»ake Lagunitas,
and the son of C. A. Zinkand killed a
deer a .short distance from his residence
in Ross Valley. Nlcasio comes in with
three-forked horns averaging a hundred
pounds each, credited to Donald Mc-
Isaac, Frank Roo*gers andW.T. Farley.
Farley killed his deer as it was browsing
in his cornfield. •
The Lucas Valley Club; which is com
posed of William Ban" and others,
brought in a three-forked horn. Super
visor 'G. Pachecb and friends killed three
deer near Novato."* Harry Obltz and par
ty killed two on the Heallon ranch, a few
miles north of here. In the vicinity of
Bo'-'nas Coroner Sawyer, Johnny Sotello,
Edgar Nott a'nd'Briones all have a deer
to their credit. * ' . \ V
The Victor Gun Club, whose grounds
consist or 3200 acres in the Lucas Canyon,
a" few miles north of this city, holds the
club "record in" this county this year for
the number killed and also the record for
getting .the .largest buck. " T The buck,
which >. weighed dressed; 155 pounds, was
brought down by County Treasurer Fal
lon by a shot from a pbinf 260 yards dis
tant. :\u25a0 ; ; " ": "\u25a0";__ -..\u25a0' \u25a0"..,.
SAN RAFAEL, .Aug. 4.— Last Monday
evening. and .Tuesday, there, was a general
exodfis'of deer hunters, accompanied by
a large contingent of baying hounds, into
the \ many club j grounds which are re
served-for the use of. the members and
invited friends. ,
SAN RAFAEU Aug. 4.— Edtfard D.
Ryan, .the convict, was before Judge
Lennon of the Superior Court on a "writ
of habeas corpus to-day and hisr release
from prison wasi ordered. Ryan, whoa©
time with credits for good behavior would
have expired on August 2. was alleged to
hav*e been detected in taking into San'
Quentln prison a very small pill of opium.
He was brought to San Rafael for a pre
liminary examination. At the trial it was
brought out that Ryan had a good record
as a prisoner previous to the opium inci
dent. He had never given ithe officials
any trouble and waa a trusted prisoner.
He was employed as gardener at one of
the officers* homes and gave satisfaction.
It was show!i that he could have been ••
easily the victim of some designing con
vict enemy, *who could -have placed the
drug In his garments unknown to him,
as he was In a cell which contained thir
ty-nine prisoners. Judge Magee refused
to hold Ryan a*nd ordered his dismissal.
He was taken back to the State prison
and Warden Tompkin3 filed a complaint
with the of Prison Directors, al
leging that Ryan was guilty of smug
gling. The board met at Folsom on July
22 and considered the Warden's commu
nication, although Ryan was not present,
represented or given an opportunity to
make his defense. They ordered Warden
Tompkins to deprive him of all his cred
its, which he did.
When August 2 came and Ryan was riot
released his attorney, James W. Keys,
secured a writ of habeas corpus. At the
trial to-day Director Wllkins testified
that final action was taken on Ryan's
case at Folsom, although he had 'no*
chance to make defense, as Is customary.
Other witnesses were also placed on the
stand. The ca3e was submitted- to the
Judge, who ordered Ryan's release at a
late hour this afternoon. Ryan wMI have
San Quentln to-morrow. He served a
three-year sentence for robbery commit
ted in San Luis Obispo."
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.-
OAKLAND, Aug. 4.— ln a race to:
save the life of George H.. <Vatt, a
young electrician, who was shocked by
2200 volts of. the deadly fluid; death
was the victor this afternoon: '* The in
jured man died at 2:45 o'clock oh a,
Southern Pacific train at Niles, while,
those.in charge' of him were, fighting
to hold him alive until a hospital in
Oakland could be reached. ' ,
The body was taken from the train
at First-street station and conveyed to
the Coroner's office." v.
The accident which proved fatal 1 oc
curred yesterday afternoon at Electra.
Amador County, where Watt was em
ployed at the Standard Electric Com
pany's big power plant. He was stand
ing on a ladder setting a brace against
a post when he' slipped, striking in. a
fall of ten feet a wire carrying the
heavy current. Watt struck on- the
back of his' neck. " He was senseless
from the 'shock, and the fluid badly
burned all his" body. Medical attention
was at- hand. 'For a time there seemed
to be a chance to save his life, and this
morning the patient was started for
Oakland to be sent to a hospital. Dr.
E. E. Endicott and H. S. McKillips, of
the Standard Electric Company, came
with Watt. He sank slowly on, the
journey, and expired before II . was.
completed. /-Watt was twenty-nine
years old. He had relatives at Tacoma.
In assueV to Mr. Rowe's allegation that I
did not turn the books over to the Board of
fupervieorE, Fitting as a Xioard of Equaliza
tion, in. the time specified by law, Mr. Kowe
is b\ least mistaken.
Under the law the Assessor is allowed
twenty Cays alter the erst Monday in July
to complete the assessment roll. 1 turned the
aestFt'inent roll over to the clerk of the Board
cf Equalization on Saturday. July 22, whereas
I had until July 24. The Board of Equaliza
tion under the law Is allowed two weeks to
«.-qua!ize the assessments. This year they com
menced eUting as a Board of Equalization on
.'Saturday. July 22, and will end their session
to-morrcw. August 0. this, as I figure it, being
tw«> weeks, the time allowed by law and the
same length DC time In which they have equal
• lied during other years.
Ue No. 1 aailtd. Who is a, faker?
Mr. Howe quotes roe as t-aying; "He says
that his a^seisnitnt o' the Traction and Key
• Route companies is only 25 per cent of their
value." I defy Mr. • Rowe or any ether per
eon, responsible cr Irresponsible, to show one
instance wherein I have said that the Trac
tion* or Key U'.iuii comr>anies are assessed at
25 per cent of th'tr value. I have never said
'so and I believe that Mr. Rowe knew it
whf r. he made the statement.
The properties o( the above companies are .
assessed by me at what I consider their cash :
.value. L.!e No. 2 nailed. iVho Is the faker?
Mr. Rowe points to the assesfment of the
backs. In answer let me say that the prop
erty of the banks of this county is assessed
higher than any other class of property on
,» apecunt oc so much of their property being
in the shape of mortgage::, which are assessed
£t about one hundred cents on the dollar.
The meney -and assessable securities of the
, banKs are assessed as sworn to by the bank
officials.
Mr. Rowe Implied that the assessment on
Sioney made against the Central Bank and the
£kland Bank \u25a0\u25a0: Savings was not made as
• # U should have be«n.
BA.VK ASHBSSHEBrra
Permit me to «ay to Mr. Rowe and all other
people Interested, that I. as Assessor, have
the sworn statements as to the amount of
«nosey and securities held by their banks, of
Hi*. Anson Blake, cashier at the Central j
Bank, and Mr. W. w. Oarth'walte. cashier of
the Oakland Bank of Saving.-, and the assess
ments against their banks was based on their
sworn statements.
- I Co not- believe that there is a man, woman
or .child in the county of Alameda that would
not take Mr. Blake's and Mr. Garthwaite's
• word in any busirreef transaction. I have
found the banks of this county always rwady
to-straignten out and fix up any error made
• In their assessments, whether it be for or
- agamet them. The real estate and improve
ments of the bank have been assessed equally
.* and in proportion .to other real estate and
» improvements in the county.
MY. Rowe .complains, because th» county paid
n> bill of SISO for various trips which I made
to Sacramento in 'trying to .prevent the State
• Ooard of Equalization from increasing the
valuation of Alameda County property about
i 10 per cent, and coming from a man who
lives in a glass house,-' the complaints is good.
As a matter of fact, if the valuation had
faeen raised as contemolated it would have
.* taken about $l«0, 000 additional out of the pock
ets of tne taxpayers.
I I claim iome credit for defeating the con
templated ra!s«, and I feel that the taxpayers
cf the county will agree that the $100 was
jr. or f-y well expended .
Now let us - see where Mr. Rowe gets off.
lie waa officially notified that the State
:Board's consideration of ihe Alameda County
• assessment would be takea up at 10 o'clock
c.- nj. Mr. Rowe did not reach the board rooms
• ' until half past- 11 a. m.. or until after the
Alameda County assessment had been finally
'. <4i£ixisfcd of.
Mr. Rowe's visit was therefore useless.
Under «ucb circumstances it would be nat
ural, to think that a high-minded man actuated
by a desire to cave the ' taxps yers ail unncces
7* *ary expense would charge the county only
fcis actual expenses.
But doe* Mr. Rowe do it?
* # nO\VE A FL\A.\CIEB. -,
-If b* said his railroad fere both ways: the
amount would be about $0, but Mr. Rowe'
. rnagsanim<si9ly lets the county .off with a
charge of $16, putting into his own pocket a
modest profit of only 2<X» per cent per >day,
/lot t^r annum, for he returned to Oakland
the tune As.y. \u25a0 ;•
Mr. Rowe is a good financier for Mr. Rowe.
The get-rtch-quick ech^mers and the" "loans
to salaried people" sharks can get pointers
from 'him that will make their own methods
look honeet and moderate in comparison.'
Who 1» the faker? . • '. /
Mr. Rowe ' says, • referring to me: "He 1» re
• . aoonslble for the fact that the county is co
heavily taxed a a it if." Let me call the
attention of the people to the above state
•• iaent.'
The Ae&eesor le responsible simply for ' the
amount of the assessment, of .the .county, and
• the Board of Supervisors is responsible for the
amount of money collected and expended. -Let
us look at the increase in the assessment roll
\u25a0 and the increase In the expense of the county
eince Mr. Row* has been a Supervisor.
In l»0!, Mr. Rowe's first year, the county
v as assessed at $87,497,484, a tax rate of $1 25
on inside property and ?l 65 on outside prop
erty was fixed, which was collected from the
people and expended by the Board of Super
visors, the amount Ixing $1,174,760 •es.' : Two
years later, with an awaessment of $128,555,
• "217 20, the Board cf Supervisors fixed « tax
rate of $1 37 on inside property and Jl 72 on
outside property, which realized the county for
running expenses the immense and unheard
of cum of $1.642.t25 44. or an increase of
$GCB,O(>4 76 for county expenses In two years'
time after Mr. Rowe was elected Supervisor.
* INCREASE OF TAXES.
Who is responsible .for the lnerease""!n your
taxes? I cay that Mr. Rowe Is in the face of
the above showing.
Who Is a faker? * •
Mr. Rowe seems to be very particular about
equalizing the assessment of the property of
the county. Now this fact was called to my
attention this morning. Mr. Rowe built a
bouse on the rear end of els lot where he
OAKLAND, Aug. 4.— The word
"faker" Is becoming the official term
of contempt and abuse in Alameda
•County. Yesterday Supervisor H. D.
Rowe of East Oakland took occasion
in an open meeting of the board to
brand County Assessor Henry P. Dalton
.as a "political faKer." To-day County
Assessor Ualton issued an open letter
in whica he put Mr. Rowe on the grid
iron and argues that it is the Super
visor who is the faker. Dalton scores
some hot points on Rowe.
And so the county officials are
battling back and forth, and are start
lag an official and political row that
will echo down the course of Alameda
County politics for several conventions
to come. Both are men of influence In
the political wprld and have large fol
lo wings.
The following is the signed state
ment Assessor Dalton issued to-day:
in ch&Tfc-insr me with official dereliction In
the rcta-tter of assessment* Supervisor Kowe
tcakea x.'.-.*. extr&oniinary confession that h*
i lias tor three year* b«en neglecting hi» own
mcm duty.
He says I have twen for that period under
fisbet-ting certain corporation!, which he re
• f rains from calling by name yet in ell that
tiiae he bus never made the slightest effort
to correct th« public wrong of wcich he alleges
he was cognizant.
He has sat on the Board of Equalization
all this time and. allowed the alleged under
assessments to etand without protest, making
no move to correct them, or bring them to the
attention of the Assessor and the other mem
bers of the board.
• * With much fire and .fury he mentions the
epeclnc inetance cj the assessment of a bank,
•which he alto refrained from naming, giving
figures to back, up his assertion. If Supervisor
Itowe knowe of any such Instance it was
obviously his sworn duty to call attention - to
abe matter In the Board of Equalization and
move to have the assessments adjusted in ac
cordance with bis idea of the amount on which
the sald^bank should pay. taxes.
It is alto a self-evident proposition that if
certain corporations and banks are under
assessed within Mr. Howe's knowledge It was
his (tron duty to endeavor to have those
assessments raised His own admissions, made
fo aflord him. a pretext lor assailing me, con-
Vict him cf failure to keep his oath to enforce
"the law relating to assessments.
. " : . WHO IS A FAKER f -
'STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 4.—
The following list of appointments to the
faculty of Stanford University,, to take
effect with the 'opening of college this
year, was . announced by. Vice President
J. C. Brahner' to-day: . ;
Dr. MacyM. Skinner, A. B- and Ph. D..
Harvard University and Instructor in Ger
man at- Harvard, to an assistant profes
sorship in German.
| Dr. Leon P. I^ewis- of Chicago Univer
sity, to an jnstructorship in law.
i S. J. Dennis and S. B. Charters of Cor
nell University, to instruetorships p/ re
spectively, in mechanical engineering and
electrical engineering.
Theodore Palmateer, to the foremanship
of the machine shop of the department
of mechanical engineering. Mr. Palma
teer held this position temporarily during
the second semester of last year.-
Miss Rebecca B. Franch. as assistant
in education. Miss French was a gradu
ate last year In history. .
Henry W. Stager. Stanford '02, as as
sistant'in applied mathematics.
W. E. Crawford, F. F. Fitzgerald, P.
W. A very, W: E. Burke, G. de F. Bar
nett, W.G. Bateman and J. M. Price, as
sistants in chemistry.
Professor J. C L. Fish of the depart
ment of civil engineering was granted
sabbatical leave for the coming year.v
Miss H. Miles, Miss H. B. Sutliff, Miss
B: H. Thompson. P. E. Millar, H. C.
Dey Miss, E. Hadden, Miss A. G. Hall,
Miss M. Rosslter. Miss L. Patterson, Miss
W. Wood, Miss M. E. Haven. J. E. Stew
art, assistants in the university library.
John P. HemphiH. stenographic assist
ant in. the presideht's'offlce.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Miss -Rar' Mac N Renisoh -was maid of
honor and Miss ..^enevieve .Renison,
daughter of the Mayor of Salinas, was
bridesmaid. The groom was attended by
Claude /Barton of Oakland. Miss Ailine
Renison, a 1 " sister of the bride,
wa6 flower girl. , ; \ /
The church was 'handsomely decorated
for the occasion, and there were many of
the friends of both families in attend
ance.
BERKELEY. > Aug.. 4.— St.. Mathew's
Episcopal Church'; was the scene this
evening of/a very pretty wedding, when
Miss Julia Renison, daughter of the rec
tor of the church, 'became Mrs. Arthur
Pratt Musser. a The father. Rev.. Robert
Renison, performed the' ceremony thai
gave his daughter into, the keeping of an
other. . ; \u25a0' • •
Echoes of the Fight Likely
to Disturb Conventions for
Several Years to Come
Miss Rebecca French, Who
% Just Graduated, Given a
Place "in College Faculty
Outdoes Others in Number
Secured 'and: Also Brings
rDovvii tlie' Largest Buck
Attempt Was to Be Made .to
Detain Him Longer as Re
sult of Opium Smuggling
Victor holds record
ONE WOMAN SELECTED
HIS CREDITS' ALLOWED
Succumbs to Contact. With d
Heavily Charged Wire at
Standard Company's Plant
SHOCK PROVES FATAL
Church Handsomely
Decorated for v
Occasion.
HARSH THINGS ARE SAID
Hunting Clubs Make a Good
/Allowing in the Hills and
Canyons ; of the . County
County Assessor Replies to
\ the Attack by Supervisor
Rowe Upon His Methods
Judge Lennon Overrules the
Prison Directors and the
Convict Wiil Be Keleased
Y6ung;-Electrician Expires
on Tmih While on Way
to Hospilal for Treatmeiit
Several' Additions Made to
'tips Teaching Force of^ the
University for Next Term
Miss Renison Weds
Arthur Pratt \i
Musser. \u25a0\u25a0-
DALTON MAKES
HOT REJOINDER
DEATH VICTOR
IN LONG RACE
MANY DEER FALL
OVER IN MARIN
STANFORD GETS
INSTRUCTIONS
RYAN AWARDED
HIS FREEDOM
HER FATHER SPEAKS
NUPTIAL WORDS.
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATUKUAY- AUOUb J o, IUOo.
. SUES .UNITED \u25a0 RAILROAD^,— Marlon / Ma
gallon has \ brought - suit » to . recover . $23» ' dam
ages P 'fro3i> the,: Unlttd.'. Railroads
suv t a ine.l by being \u25a0 run lover : by.' a Ninth-street
car on June 3 . last.' V lff iiliT iTiiliM" \ ll'JJil !£U
BERLIN.': Aug> 4.~Nelther, the British Em
bassy or the \u25a0 Foreign Office •is - ready to ' con
flrmor deny* that 'Emperor. -William and. Kins
Edward '-will ?mtet ;at.Prankfort-on-the-Main
during, the .latter' s -journ'y, to -Marlenb*d;«nor,':
according to \ the Foreign Offlc?.; has ; the l i Ger
man \u25a0; Embassy.: in"; London "received -'any. 1 Infor-'
matlon s rej?ardlnß such an *event..- : , Official clr
rles." however, \u25a0\u25a0 : do ' not . regard '; the -' report • as
Improbable.-.^ >:?;/ '".:\u25a0'- \u25a0'\u25a0".'.\u25a0'-'\u25a0-\u25a0,'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0. '. "'\u25a0' ' "' \u25a0
Yon would like. to and could own one
of ! the \u25a0: Homes n«l\ ttt t lned in ' Sunday's
CALi*f-i.-X-.;' jo :\u25a0.:\u25a0\u25a0>\u25a0*]\u25a0. ._./-/'/\u25a0 w-. ; : \u25a0-
City or" Suburban— nn yon please— Mold
on installment)*. Kend the adn, ..
\u25a0; SAN DIEGO, Aug. 4.— The, first of a
| series of races fors the;MontebeHo cup
to be sailed under.- the auspices of the
j'Chula Vista •: Yacht Club was ; held . this
' afternoon."/ The race .was ; an interest
! ing one, and .was -'.won- by" P. S. • Burger's
iyacht liark." The ; yacht Louise,^ owned
by -F. -. 8.-; Merriam, > was .- second. The
scoring In; each race is by.; points., the
yacht \u25a0: having . the ; most' points at the
en'd'of: the. five races to be declared the
'winner.'-; of .'the [cup.'; •
| "'" '- In' the ; race I to-day.; the \u25a0' Lar k i scored
13 points and the Louise 8^ Commodore
Gould's Frol Ie, which '.was conceded on c
of the/ fastest yachts'; ln ; the 'race, 7 met
.with -., an;; accident /early ;in the /contest
and ,'this >ljitcrf eredTgreatly^ with •' : her
showing. ; Seven, yachts /competed ' ln* the
race,. which, was a distance of six.miles. miles
over -the club's triangular course on
the; bay. t&Sg^ s&SSB&SStt£EHt&
OAKLAND Aug. ; 4.— A second 'charge
of. embezzlement s against; George^ H.
Jeffries, a .former /employe of ;the Crane
Hardware: Company, : was ) formally ; dis
jnissed to-day.. ; He t was tried .upon -one
"charge Jof having .embezzled"! $102 ?and
'was . acquitted; "and as It was deemed to .
be tfie clearest case him,:; on
motion 1 : of Deputy "District ,"" Attorney
Harris : the^ charge ..still remaining
against;hlm was dismissed. .
6
_ - —^~ « — l Positively cured t>y
f* A !2Tr D Q these i»»«»e p» 13 *
WMl\l LI\O They also relieve D»-
*R& IT T LS digestion asd Too Hearty
W3 iW F R A periec? rea-
5H Lmb p edy for Dtalness. Nausea.
FlLfaSa Oro^siness. Bad Taste
j^[ ffSB la tho lloutli. Coated
j&f&atttpjs Tong-ua, Pala to the SWe.
—————— JTORPTD LTVEK. -Iheg
regulate tae Bowels. Purely Vegstable. '
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE, SMALL PRICE,
CARTERSi cI]RE SICK HEADACiI£ '
Slittle Genuine Must Baar \
9IVER . Fac-Simito Signaftirt
B PILLS. J^ —rr* -'-\u25a0'\u25a0Weather Hcport.
(120 th Meridian — Pacific Time.).
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 4—5 p. m. .
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures "are reported for the previous day:
Cincinnati . .. ....82-68 Philadelphia 82-64
Boston SO-01'INew York ...... 86-6S
Jacksonville 84-74' Pittsburg 78-56
St Louis SO-6S Washington 02-62
Chicago 7C-68 Honolulu, H. T.. 82-74
New Orleans 90-76
SAN FRANCISCT» ..62-54
The frequent application of members of
the San Francisco Fire Department to be
declared- bankrupts has caused tne.Board
of Fire Commissioners to inquire into the
subject, as it has been represented that
the men are using the bankruptcy court
as a means to avoid paying just debts.
Information has been received by the
board that over one hundred members of
the department are contemplating pro
ceedings to.^, avoid payment of their
debts. ."
Xv'hile,". thb desire to
stamp out the evil ' before it grows large
enough o to' 1 make, a laughing stock-of the
department; 'they in no wise wish to
hinder a man in the ranks from the
honest use of the bankruptcy law. Word
came to the department that in some in
stances the men were using the protec
tion of the courts to avoid paying pef
sonal expenses.
The board ordered that the men who
1 have already been declared bankrupts
shall appear and show cause why they
shall not be dismissed from the depart
ment. Those who are applying or about
to apply to the board will be cited to ap
pear and show why they are making ap
plication to the" courts for relief.
Awaiting final settlement of the troubles
between the captain and lieutenant of
Engine Company No. 30, the communica
tion/of Lieutenant T. J. Kelly asking for
transfer has been laid over. Captain D.'
B. Sewell has requested that he be not
transferred and charges were' ordered
preferred against him by the board.
Sewell will be called upon to show a rea
son why -he shall not.be transferred. Bad
feeling has existed between the men for
some time.
Charges were ordered filed against
\u25a0Hoseman James F. "Campbell of Engine
Company No. 12 for_ reporting late for
duty; against Driver "John Farrell of the
same company for leaving the house
without permission; against M. riaggerty
of Truck No. 8 for overstaying leave; and
James McNamara for intoxication. The
superintendent of- horses reports that
"pinkeye" will deplete the . number of
relief horses if the disease spreads.
Thirty are now afflicted.
Inform ation Eeceived That
Over a: Hundred Men Are
Contemplating Insolvency
EVIL IS INCEEASING
Board Cites Bankrupts to
Show Cause Why They
Shall Not Be Dismissed
FIREMEN AVOID
PAYING DEBTS
' THE COAST RECORD. •
_ _ g ._D -
. • g ?S a* . l
3 33 3g sl= X i
STATIONS. ft S c •% = gjo 5° ' =
• r. p. . ' • C^vi » ... v". C
. ••... C••'-.-. B • • \u25a0" B
• hr * • •r
t•• ; •
Baker 29.02 S6 52' NW Cloudy .00
Carson 29.8660 48 W aear .00
Eureka 30.10 G6 W> NW Oear .00
Fresno 2».92 ?8 66 NW Clear .00
S. E. Farallon.3o.os 60 52 NW Foggy .00
Flagstaff 29.84 82 48 . SW. 'Cloudy .00
Independence .29.80 S8 56 SE Clear .00
Los Ange1e5..29.02 78 M SW Clear .00
Mt Tamalpais.3o.C6 "0 51 W Clear .00
North Head..30.08 62 C 6 S Pt.Cldy .00
Phoenix 29.63 104 78 -W Clear .00
I Point Rey*s..3o.ol 61 51 NW Foggy .00
[Portland .....80.00 78 B4 NE Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.92 SS 68 S CTear .00
Sacramento ..1E*.94 fill 54 SW Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.52 90 .. NW Cloudy .00
San Franclsco.3o.o4 62 64 W Clear .00
S. U Obispo..2o.OS SO 52 W Foggy .00
San Diego 2<».90 fiS 62 W Clear .00
Seattle 80.06 74 66 S Rain T.
Spokane 29.90 88 62 S Clear .00
Tatoosh 80.<» 62 54 SE Rain .18
Winnemucca .29.84 88 '48 -W Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.70 106 76 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
. , FORECAST... ,
Cloudy -weather prevails over Puget Sound
and the plateau region. In other districts on
the Pacific Slope it is fair. Light-showers are
reported from Western Washington, Idaho,
Utah and; Arizona. Thunderstorms,,hav« oc
curred at Boise. Salt Lake City, Flagstaff and
El Paso. . .. .
The temperature has risen In the SanJJoa
quln Valley and remained nearly stationary In
other districts. ; . . • • ...
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending.midnight,- Aug. s:*
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair,..warmer
Saturday: fresh west winds.
Los Angeles and vicinity—Fair Saturday:
light west winds.
Sacramento Valley—Fair, warmer Saturday:
light north winds.
San Joaquln Valley—Fair, warmer Saturday;
light north winds. '
Coast—Fair, warmer Saturday; fresh west
winds.
Nevada—Fair Saturday.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecaster. Temporarily in Charge.
Fruit nnd Wheat Bniletln. ,
For th<? twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
120 th meridian time. San Francisco, August
4. 1905: \u25a0 " • '" ' - - \u25a0 •
X s 2~ o ;"<\u25a0
\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' 3s 3 2 v S* -*~ |
STATIONSL \u25a0 S||| | §- |g ?
£ B» .. — ? • • .!
\u25a0 .\u25a0 ** r. O 5 '--...\u25a0\u25a0. :
• c • c a « -... ;
- 2 i? • •' * *
Cloverdale. 87 48 .. Clear
Colusa ....83 57 ..Clear
Fresno ...66 56 .. Clear NW 6
Hanford 97 52 .. Clear NW 8
Hollister ....... 85 46 .. Clear \u25a0 W ..
Independence ... 88 56 ... Clear SE 12
King City SI 46 .. Clear N St
Llvermore 81 66 ...Clear
Los Angeles .... 78 54 .. Clear SW 12
Merced 89; 4.1 .. Clear
Napa 80 81- .. Clear ....\u25a0'..
Newman ........ 89 50 .. Clear ' ..
Palermo 96 50 .. Clear
Portervllle 89-59 .. Clear NW ..
Riverside 87 60 .. Clear 8 St
San Diego ...... 82 62 .. Clear SW St
San Francisco ..* 68 54 .. v Clear W 6
Ran Jose ....... 62 .. .. Clear W 26
Santa Maria .... 80' 60 .. Clear W- 12
Santa Rosa 7» 43 .. Clear
Stockton .... 80 58 .. CTear ..
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
CoIUEa —Weather favorable to all crops. \u25a0
Cloverdale —Pickers are at work on early
prunes. ' ['. . \u25a0 ...
Hanford—Good-^pear and plum crop, grapes
being picked and shipped.
. HoUlster^ —Apricot drying about completed
in some orchards. \u0084 - • . .
Llvermore—Yield of twenty sacks p«r acre
In some places. \u25a0 \u25a0 - \u25a0
Palermo— Irrigation still continuing, abund
ance of water.
Santa Maria—Clear: grain threshing will
last till September;' barley continues good
yield, -but oats light. • * ••• .-\u25a0-- •• • -
Stockton—Prune crop ripenlnsr, very light
env \u25a0 GEORGBJ HV WILLSON.
Assistant Section Director.
Yoa might as well pat your money in
real estate. ( It's ' the safest investment.
The Snnday_. CALL'S . realty . columns
"are i profitable reading. "*
SHII'PING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. Aurust 4.
Stror Jas 6 Higglna, liiggins, M hours from
Pert Los Angeles.
Stmr Shasta. Hawwn, "A) hours from fean
Pedro.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jcpsen, . 54 hours from
Victoria and Pugct Sound ports.
Stmr Norwood, Martin. 31 hours from San
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing;.
Stmr Bonita, Alberts. Ci hours from San
podro and way cort*.
Stmr Gipsy, Ltland. -•) hours from Mon-
Stmr Brooklyn, Carlson, 14 hours from Men
docino* bound for Redondo; put in for fuel.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, 19 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. 10 hours from
Delmar. \u25a0 V*
6txnr Earr.ca. Madsen. IS hours from Ca>-
C. Carpy,,, the wine merchant, ; ap
peared before the Election Commission
yesterday to show cause why he; should
not ~- act . as ' "an " election officer at- the
primary t election. Carpy \u25a0 informed the
commission that; he • had moved to St.
Helena' and was no* longer a ; resident of
this city.' although^ he is engaged ;in
business .here. The", commission then
ordered. Carpy's name stricken from the
register. .-\u25a0\u25a0 / '•:;\u25a0\u25a0'-". ;"• - .\u25a0• ; ; ., : ;_V ".-\u25a0
Striken CarpS'a Name From * Register.
Albert Seeley, bookkeeper .< foi-
Philipps & Co. of San Mateo, was found
dead in his \ bed at the home of his
mother, Mrs. Beeley,- 410 Gough street;
yesterday morning, having been acci
dentally; asphyxiated by gas.
Mr. Seeley received' an injury aboyt
three weeks ago, .from which , he' suf
fered . a great deal, and 'Thursday ;he
came up from San Mateo to )* have his
mother and sister take care of him. 1 He
was In the best f of " spirits when he re
tired, but when found in" the morning
by his aged mother death had ended
his suffering. "
Albert Neeley Turns on the Gn* and Is
Suffocated "While Vlxitinjf IHm
. Affed Mother.
SPANISH WAR VETERAN IS
ACCIDENT ALLY ASPHYXIATED
\u25a0 Cnited States Coajst and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
• .at Fort Point, entrance to San • Francisco
1 Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and • low waters occur at
' the city front fMisslon-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. AUGUST 0. ,
Sun rises ....' 5:16
Sun **ts .....T:l5
Moon sets 10:15 p. m.
O Time iTlme ' Time (Time
» r- Ft. I Ft. Ft. j Ft.
g H» [Lff H-W |L W} \u0084
5 |2:04| 4.9! 8:19' 0.8! 3:05 R. 4 9:07 1.7
0 3:12| 4.5 9:10! 1.4 3:50 6.4 10:06 1.4
7 5:58! 4.0 11:05 2.3 5^23 5.6.
S 5:5S 4.0|ll:05! 2.315:33.5.6
|L W| JH W| L W H W
9 0:30 0.61 7:27 4.0 12:10 2.6 6:30 6.7
10 1:35 0.2 8:41 4.1 1:14 2.9 7:30 5.S
11 2:31^-0.119:42 4.4 2:15 2.9 8:26 5.9
12 3:23—0.4110:321 4.0.3:09 2.8 0:20 5.0
NOTT3 — In the above exposition of the tides
th« »«riv 'mornlnc tides are given In tht \u25a0 left ,
Hub, Moon and Tide.
TJie Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped . exactly at noon 'to-day —
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge. '
Branch Hydrographlc Office. IT. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
Au'jut>t 4. I!M)ft.
Time Ball.
The eteamer Queen sailed on Thursday for
Victoria with an asserted cargo consigned to
various British Columbian ports, valued at
(19.74& end including the following:
1535 pkgs fresh fruits, 44,906 lbs dried
fruit. 6CO lbs 4 bxs . raisins, 02 pkgs fresh
vegetables, 20 eke onions, 41,n;0 lbs malt. 27.
342 lbs beans. 30,000 lbs millstuffs, 000 lbs
chocolate, 51 pkgs prepared fish, »24 lbs 3 c«
cheese, 44 pkgs groceries and provisions, 417
cc canned goods. 380 lbs tea, 3»0 lbs coffee,
58 eals 24 cs wine. 41 pkge paste. 160 tone
salt, 10 cs olives, 2 cs olive oil. 3482 ft hard
wood. 200 tins matches. 39 pkgs arms and am
munition. 3 coils steel rope, 4 pkgs paints.
SSC it* leaf tobacco, 36 boiler tubes. 53 pkg«
roofing material 11 cs 3 bbls lubricating oil.
6 b<3ls bteel. 16 cs electrical supplies. 14.204
lbs blucstone. 4 kegs nails, 2007 lbs pig tin,
4 bbls tit, t* pkgs wagon . material, :U pkge
•ewlng- machines.
The ftearner r.lso carried 422 pkgs minins
machinery, valued at $6400, en route to
Frank, Canada.
Shipments for the North.
When Miss Maggie Tunnah, daughter
of. the landlord of the Webb House, 37
Second street, was passing, the room
occupied by O. Thude at . noon yester
day she perceived that illuminating ga.s
\u25a0was escaping In: large quantities. She
gave the alarm and Thude;. was found
lying dead in his bed. Gas, was flow
ing fronuan open burner in the rooni.
Thude had -occupied .the apartment
for three months,', and' he did not. appear
to have followed any occupation during
that \u25a0 time- It was known that his
daughter; Annie, ,who' was working in
another, part : of :the 'city r- had been sup
porting him. * She -visited him at 3
o'clock last Thursday : afternoon „ and
he was . seen j later under j the Influence
of | liqifibr.i It is believed to be a case
of (suicide/*"?},;
Believed to Have Killeu Himself Be
cause of Despondency Through
Brooding \ Over His Poverty.
O. THUDE SUFFOCATED IN
A SECOND-STREET HOTEL
Tb« British Bteamer Wynerlc (on Puget
Eound) was chartered prior to arrival for
lumber aad piles thenc* to Panama; the Ger
man ship Carl, also on Puget Sound, ia char
tered for lumber thenc* to> two ports In th«
United Kingdom at 60s. '. .
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
XBWS OF THE OCEA.V,
Water Front Sotrm.
The schooner Carrie and Annie cleared yes
terday for Chlgnlk Bay.
The French ship La. Perouse arrived her*
yesUrdtty from Newcastle. Australia. She
brought 2SGO ton* of coal and made a smart
ptssige, ccmicg across in seventy-seven days.
Eh* c&x&e into the harbor under full sail.
The tag Relief arrived yesterday from. Mon
terey with th* oil echoo&er Santiago In tow.
The Santiago bad 20.000 barrels of liquid fuel
la her tacks.
The vessels on the overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance aa follows: Lafayette. 75 per
cent; Red Rock. 15 per cent, and Port Stan
ley. 8 per cect.
The Overdue List.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. .... Aug. 5
j Cascade Portland & Astoria.... Aug. 5
South 8ay.... Portland & Astoria.... Aug. 5
Baroda Iquique Aug. 5
San Pedro Grays Harbor .'. lAuk. (i
G. Ltndauer. . Grays Harbor (Aug. 6
North Fork... Humboldt |Aug. 6
Arctic Humboldt |Aug. 6
Sea F0am. ..".. Mendoclno & It. Arena. lAug-. li
Breakwater. . . Coos Bay Aug. 6
Aberdeen Gray's Harbor Aug. 6
G. Dollar San Pedro Aug. 7
Columbia Portland & Astoria.; ..|Aug. 7
'F. Kllburn Portland & Way Ports|Aug. 7
P0m0na...!... Humboldt Aug. 7
Coos Bay San Pedro. & Way Pts.|Aug. 7S7 S
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 7
Roanoke Los Angeles Ports Aug. 7
Del' Norte Crescent City Aug. 7
Argo Eel River ' Ports (Aug. 7
Chehalis Grays Harbor ..". |Aug. 8
Rainier Seattle & Bellingham..jAug. 8
Coronado Grays Harbor Aug. 8
Cntralla Grays Harbor Aug.. 8
Redcndo Portland & Astoria Aug. S
Santa Monica. San Pedro Aug. 0
Elizabeth Coquille River Aug. 9
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 9
Hcmer Grays Harbor lAug. . 9
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports |Aug. 9
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahului. . .(Aug. 0
C0r0na.....*. Humboldt I Aug. 10
M. F. Plant... Coos Bay & Pt Orford. Aug. 10
Pt. Arena Mendocino & Pt. Arena Aug. 10
Porno Point Arena &\u25a0 Albion. Aug. 10
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Port 6 Aug. 10
Peru New York via Ancon.. Aug. 10
Meteor Seattle ) Aug. 11
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Aug. 11
Newburg Grays Harbor Aug. 11
St. Paul Portland & Astoria ... Aug. 12
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma Aug. 14
Queen *.. Puget Sound Ports Aug. 14
Mongolia China & Japan Aug. 15
Alameda Honolulu Aug. 15
\u25a0 TO SAIL. -
Steamer. Destination. Sails. l Pier.
August 5. I
R. Dollar... Astoria & Portland 4 pmjPler 20
South Bay.. Los Angeles Ports. 8 am|Pier 27
Porno Pt Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
M. F. Plant. Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 11
City Panama N.. Y. via Ancon.. 12 m Pier 40
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 27
St. Paul.... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Northland.. Astoria & Portland 3 pm Pier 27
August 9.
Arizonan.... Hono & Kahulul Pier 25
San Pedro... Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 0 am Pier 5
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Corona Humboldt l:3opPler 9
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Mariposa... Tahiti 11 am Pier 7
August 7. |
Roanoke.... Portland & Way.. 2 pm|Pier 5
August 8.
Ar*o •'• Eel River Ports ... 3 pm Pier 2
Breakwater. Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 8
Cascade Gray's Harbor Pier 2
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
Centralia... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Angnst 0.
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier •
Curacao.... Mexican Ports . ... 10 am Pier. 11
N. F0rk. .... Humboldt 9 am Pier 20
F. Kilburn.. Portland & Way.. 2 pm Pier 27
Sea Foam... Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2"
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
S. Monica... Gray's Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
August 10.
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 8 am Pier 11
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
Jeanle | Seattle & Tacoma. , 6 pm Pier 20
Columbia. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
G. Llndauer. Grays Harbor 1 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
S. Barbara.. Seattle direct 4 pm Pier 2
August 11.
Elizabeth... Coquille River 5 pm Pier 20
Chehalis Grays Harbor 8 pm Pier 2
Rainier..... Seattle & Bel'gh'm 4 pm Pier 10
Coronado.... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
August 12. |
San Juan... N. V., vla.AnconJl2 m Pier 40
Newburg... Grays Harbor 1 2 pm Pier 10
Redondo.... Astoria & Portland! 7 pm Pier 2 !
. August 13. I {
Umatilla."'... Puget Sound Ports|ll am|Pler 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. | . Destination. | Sails.
Humboldt j Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 9
Senator . . • Nome & - Str" Michael . . Aug. 10
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 10
CottaK« City. Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 12
Oregon. Nome .& \u25a0 St. Michael. . Aug.* 13 i
Portland • Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 15 |
Santa Ana Se ward & Way Ports. .Aug. 16 I
01ympia ...... Nome & : St.- Michael . . . Aug. 16 I
Victoria Nome & St.' Michael. .. Aug. 17
The Crowley launch Comet. Pilot Latlmer In
command, picked up the dismasted Chinese
Junk Quong Lee yesterday morning off Cali
fornia City. The Quong Lee is the clipper of
the shrimp fleet, and in trying to maintain
h"r reputation fcr speed her Celestial ekipper
overburdened the bamboo mast with canvas.
With her wings broken the Quong Lee had
been drifting several hour*, when the Comet
hove in sight and towed the derelict to her
anchorage in Mission bar.
Chinese Jonk tn Distress.
Captain R. T. Lawless, commander of the
Oceanic Steamship Company's lin^r Marlpcsa,
v.as married the other day to Miss Ada B.
MiHer of Oakley, Cal. Captain Lawless lost
his first wife some time ago. Death came
e«er a long and painful illness, during which
Mr* Lawless required constant professional
attendance. It was Miss Miller, a gradual,
nurse who was called In to care for the sick
woman. Tenderly and faithfully she per
formed her duties, and between nurse and pa
tient there grew up a warm friendship, until
the nurse became a* a member of the family.
The rratitude with which Captain Lawless i re
rardf-d the devoted attention of his wife 6
nurse laid the foundation for a stronger feel
ing and shortly after the Mnriposa's arrival
the other day from Tahiti CapUin Lawless
and M'.ss Miller were quietly married. They
will make their home In this city.
Marriage of Captain R. T. Lawless.
Movements of Steamers.
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except wiien there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus < — )
sign precedes the height, and then- the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
FRENCH SHIP LA PBROUSEw I
WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY
FROM NEWCASTLE, N. S. W. .
I par: bound pouth: DUt in for fuel.
Stmr Kureka. Jessen, 24 hours from Eureka.
I Stmr Geo I^oomls, Sedden, SI hours from
j Seattle: u» river direct.
j Stmr Asuncion, Badger, 32 hours from Port
Harford.
I Stmr Macgie, Corning. 4 hoars from Half-
I moon Bay.
Ger stmr Ammon. Jungensen, 123 days -from
' Hamburg;, via Ensenada 4S hours.
1 Ft ehl? I-a Perouse, Ccr\ic, 77 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
Schr Santiago, Larsen, 10 hours and 40 min
utes from Monterey.
Schr Newark. Johnson. 19 hours from Byx
bee? Landing.
Tuk Relief, Marshall. 10 hours. and 40 min
utes from Monterey, with echr Santiago In
CLEARED.
Friday, August 4.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr St Paul. Randall. Astoria and Port
land: San Francisco and Portland Steamship
Company.
Schr Carrie and Annie, Pearson, Chlgnlk
Bay; T W Jackeon.
SAILED.
Friday, Aurust 4.
Stmr Maggie. Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen, Caasar. .
Stmr James S H!ggins>, Hlgglns. Fort Bragg.
Stmr South Coast. Paulsen, CasDar.
Stmr Shasta. Hansen, Bellingham.
Stmr Rival, Buchard, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Monterey.
Stmr Norwood, Martin, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Brooklyn, Carlson, Redondo..
Schr Excelsior, Trodgett, Willapa Harbor.
Schr Ooqullle, Spring, CoquiUe River.
Schr Wm Olsen, Rorvik, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, August 4, 10 p m — Weather
foggy; wind \V; velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NOME — Sailed July 21 — Stmr Rosecrans,
with schr Monterey in tow for San Francisco.
PORT HARFORD — Arrived Aug 3— Stmr
Argyll, hence Aug 2, with bktn Fullerton in
tow, hence Aug 2.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Aug 3— Stmr San Ga
briel, for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 4 — Schr Sotoyome, from Albion;
stmr laqua, Irom Eureka; stmr Santa Monica,
hence Aug 2; stmr Noyo, from Redondo; eunr
Roanoke. hence Aug "; stmr Alcatraz, frnni
Needle Rock: stmr Mandalay, from Redondo;
stmr Grace Dollar, from Redondo..
Sailed Aug 4 — Stmr Francis H Leggett. for
San Francisco; atmr Pasadena, for San Fran
cisco. *'
VENTURA — Arrived Aug 4 — Stmr Bee, from
Port Los Angeles. ,
Sailed Auc 4 — Stmr Bee, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aug 2— Schr E X
Wood, for San Francisco; schr Honoipu, for
San Pedro. Auk 3 — Stmr Aberdeen, for San
Francisco; stmr G C Lindauer, for San Fran
cisco; ftmr San Pedro, for San Pedro.
Arrived Auc 3 — Schr C A Thayer, henca
July lfl. Aug 4 — Schr Edward R West, from
Honolulu.
REDOXDO — Arrived Aus: 4 — Stmr Manda
lay, from Crescent City; etmr Noyo, from
Eureka: stmr Santa Barbara, hence Aug 2;
stmr Despatch, from Caspar.
Arrived Aug 3 — Stmr Grace Dollar, from
Eureka.
Sailed Aug 4 — Schr Azalea, for Eureka; schr
Blakeley, for Port Blakeley.
TATOOSH — Passed out Aur 4 — Schr For
ester, from Discovery for Redondo.
Passed out Aug 4 — Ger ship Nixe, for Cape
Town; etmr Edith, for Nome; schr Okanogan,
from Port Gamble for San Pedro; ship Occi
dental, from Seattle for Nome.
SAN VICENTE LANDlNG— Arrived Aug 4—
Schr Bessie K. hence Aur 3.
GREENWOOD — Arrived Aug 4 — Schr Alca
zar, hence Aug 3.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Aug 4 — Tug Sea
Rover, hence Aug 8, with barge Tidal Wave
!n tow. •
Sailed Aug 4 — Tug Sea Rover,, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Auff 4 — Stmr F A Kil
burn, for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 4 — Bark Isaac Reed, . hence
July 20.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Au* 4— Schr
Lottie Bennett, from Iquique.
BANTA BARBARA — Sailed Aug 4 — Btmr
State of California, for San Diego; stmr Coos
Bay. for San Pedro.
POINT LOBOS — Passed Aug 4, 1 p m —
Btmr Marshfleld, from Hardy Creek for San
Pedro.
SEATTLE — Sailed Aug 4 — Stmr Dolphin,
for Skagway.
Arrived Aug 4 — Stmr Whfttler, from As
toria. •
EUREKA — Arrived Au* 4 — Stmr Pomona,
hence Aug 3.
Sailed Au* 4 — Schr Gl«ndale and wtmrs
Lakma and North Fork, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Aug 4— Br
rtmr Baroda. for San Francisco. ,
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Aug 4— U 8 itmr Irli.
for San Francisco; bark Coloma, for Everett.
ISLAND PORTS.
MANILA — Sailed Aug B—Stmr8 — Stmr Tremont, for
Hongkong.
HONOLULU— SaiIed Aur B— Bark G«o Cur
tis, for San Francisco.
Returned Aug 4 — Schr W H Marstoa, hsnea
July 28 for San Francisco; leaklnr.
Arrived Aug 4 — Stmr Alameda, henc* July 29
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug B— Br \u25a0trar Ma»
conomo, for Valparaiso.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ACAPULCO— Arrived July 23— Br «hlp Rlv
ersdale, from Newcastle, Aus.
IQUlQUE— Arrived Aug 2— Br bark Lyder
horn. from Port Gamble.
MONTEVIDEO— SaiIed July. 22— Br itmr
Pretoria, for St Lucia and New York.
SUEZ — Arrived Aug 4 — Br stmr Ping Suey,
from Tacoma and Liverpool.
TAXU — Arrived Aug 3 — Ship Slntram, from
Port Townsend. - •
PORT NATAL — Arrived Auk 3 — Stmr Mis
souri, from Manila.
Pttra Murillo. Natea Murlllo. Manuela Kal
linr Dolores Cruzman, T. Sopena, Virginia
Nuro Bernardo Hutoff. G. M. de Hutoff, L.
Morero U. Ornelas. S. Blgntt. George »nd
E.-ama"BUott. O. de la Rocha. Sllona de !a
rocha V dp la Rocha. C. J. Hlnman, E. R.
Kinman G. K. Roth. W. B. Rawson. M. Bar
te il ' B Hait N. B. Hart. A. Hart. Alex
Hart XVi D Smith. Mrs. W. D. Smith. J. \V.
a,. Pearson. E. Cabrera. J. L- "»«. »*
T-«ub H. B Burnham. W. H. Jenßinrs. It.
Packard. W. Packard. C. Dufiet.
The Pacific Coasi Steamship Com
pany's little wliite liner Curacao. Cap
tain R. J. Paulsen, which arrived late
Thursday night from Mexico, passed
quarantine soon after sunrise yester
day siiorning and ducked at Broad
way "wharf. The Curacao brought a
large aad very valuable cargo and 52
passengers, ishe would have had more
passengers had not about two score
people who wanted to come to this port
tvora Mazatlan Imagined they would
get here quicker by taking the Kosmos
liner Animon. l!ui they uidn't by twen
ty-four hours, for the Aramon did not
reach port until too late last night to
pass quarantine.
The Ammon reached Ensenad.i ahead
of the Curacao and was partly dis
charged when the little whit'o boat
dropped her anchor at 2 a. m.
. The Ammon had every lighter in En
scnada engaged and Captain Paulsen's
chances of speedy dispatch did not look
very rosy. But Captain Paulsen has
not been going into Mexican ports for
years without learning how to get out
again with the least possible waste of
time. At daybreak a boat left the Cu
racao and long before either Ensenada
or the people on the Ammon were
awake. Captain Paulsen had com
mandeered four of the most commodi
ous lighters in the harbor. There was
a Teutonic roar when the Ammon's
slcipper turned out and discovered the
American boat busily discharging
freight into the Ammon's lighters.
Nothing is done in a hurry in Mexico.
It took the Ammon's captain and the
Kosmos agent until <S p. m. to demon
strate the Ammon's right to the light
ers. While the argument waged the Cur
acao was working cargo and when Cap
tain Paulsen was finally notified that
he must give up the lighters the Cura
oao was ready to take her departure.
The German captain acknowledged
his defeat gracefully and when the Cu
racao blew her good-by salute the
Kosmos liner's whistle responded with
three long, loud blastr.
Chief Officer Thomas Quinn, who has
been on the Curacao for many years
and who has been ailing for the last
two or three trips, was quite ill when
the steamer docked and is now recu
perating at the Marine Hospital. He
expects to return to duty in about two
months and in the meantime Thomas
Boyd. second mate or the Gipsy, will
take Quinn's place. Qulnn is prob
ably the oldest and ablest mate in the
Pacific Coast Company's service and is
one of the most picturesque characters
in the local shipping world. He is a
thorough sailorman and is highly es
t^pjned by his superiors. No more faith
ful officer ever trod a deck.
The Curacao's passengers included
the following:
Little White Liner
Beats German
to Port.
Impresses Lighters
of Other Ship at
Ensenada'
CAPTAIN OF CURACAO OUTGENERALS AMMON'S SKIPPER
. ....... \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 ; ... . . - - -
.THE SAN FRANCISCO . CALL, SATURDAY, 'AUGUST i 5, 1905.
7
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Trains leave and »re (ta«
V^vgijl&y / FsOM Juv " "^ im
XVIIX (Foot of Market Street)
l«av»- MAIN LINE. -AB»rr»
7.00 a Elmlra. Vacavllle, Winters, Kumsey 7.43P
7-OuAßlcnmund. Benlcla. Sscraaeatc.
Salsaa and Way SWUons 7.23»
7.4oa Vallejo, Xapa, Caltstoga, Santa
| Rosa, Martinez, San Ramon 6.D3?»
7^4oASlles. Pleasantwj. Llrermore.
• . «« ; -i Tnic y» l*t»rop, 5t0ckt0n .... .... 7iS^
I.oUA Shwta Express— (Via Dstls).
Williams. Willows. tFruto, Bed
Blu J. rortlaad. Tacoma. Seattle. 7jUp
B.ooa Dstls. Wcndiand. Kafphts Landing,
MarjsTllle. Oroxllle 7.43*<
B.2oa Martinez. Antlocb, Byron. Tracy.
y, " % Stockton, Kewmaa, Los Banos,
Mendou. Annona, Bint ord, > A -«_
Vlsalia, Portervllle \ f - SSS
I-20A Port CoiU. Lathrop. Merced. Mo- ' *-*° p
»• deito, ' Raymond, Fresno, Eaa-
ford. Vlsalla. Bafeersfleld 4 43p
S.4oaNllpj. San Jose. Ltvermore, Stock*
toa (tMllton), Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, Plscervllle.
Colfax. JJarysvllle. Red 81uff.... 4.04*
B.4oa Oaltdsle, Chinese, Jamestown,
Sonors. Tuolumae and Angels... 4.08»
9.00 a Atlantic Express— Ogdea and Ea«t. 4.25P
9-40 A Klchmond, Port Costa. Mar tines
sad Way Stations (tConcord) .... 6.43>»
10-20 A Vallejo, Dally. Xapa, Sunday only 7.43*
10.20aLo» Angeles Passenger— Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron, Tracy.
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced,
Raymond. Fresno, Gushes Junc-
tion. Usnford. Lcmoore, Vlsalla,
- Bakcrstleld. Los Ansele* 7.GBs>
10.20 a El Paso. Kansas City, St. Louis and
Chicago 7.03»
11.00a The Overland Limited — Omaha, \u25a0 •- -
Chicago, Denver. Kansas City... 5.48»
11.40ANIles. San Jose and Way Stations. 2.48>
t1 .OOP Sacramento River Steamers til. oo*
3-40P Benlcla. Winters. Sacramento,
' Woodland. Knights Landing.
> Marysvllle and Ororllle 10.48 a
S.4opnayward,Nlles. and Way Stations 7.48(s
4.ooPValleJo, Martlar:. San Ramon,
• Xspa. Callstosa, Santa Ro«a 9.23 a
4.oopNtles. Tracy, btockton. Lodl 10. 23 a
4.4opllsyirard. Nile*. Irvlngton, Sanj t3.48A
• Jose, Llrermore | t1 1.43 a
B.OOPThe Owl Limited— Newman, Los
> Banos, Mendota, Fresno, Tulare,
i Bakersfleld, Los Angeles 8-43 A
E.OOPChicagn and St. Louis Special— El
.-~ Paso, Kansas City, St. Louis sad
Cnlcsso .....: 8.48 a
ts.2opHaywarJ, Nile* and San Jose 7.08 a
\6.2op Vallejo. Port Costa, Benlcla, Sul-
» sun, Sacramento 11.28 a
C.OOp Eastern Express — Omaha. Chic aso.
Denver, Kansas City. St. Louit,
Martinez, Stockton, Sacramento,
Reno, Sparks, Montello. Ogden .. 12.48*
f .20 p Hayward, Nlles aad San Jose 8.48 A
7.oopUcno Passenger— Port Costa, Be> '
nicla, Suljun, Elmtra, Dtxon,
DaTl3,Sacramento. Sparks, Tono-
pah, Goldfleld andKeeler 7-084
7.40p Port Costa, Martin ez.Hyron. Tracy,
f Modesto. Merced. Fresno 1203P
i7.4oPYosemlte and M<ripora Big Trees
, (via Raymond-Wawoaa Route).. 8.43 a
• 7.4opValleJo, Sunday only 11-28 A
B.2oPOreKon & California Express— Sac-
' ramento. MarysTllie, Reddlag,
, Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8.43 a '
1 B.OOpHay ward. NUes and San Jose (Sua-
2 dayonly) 111.48 a
COAST Ll N E (.Narrow Uange}.
<Foot of Market Street.)
\ 7.45a Santa Cruz Excursion (Sunday
\ only) B.lB*
8-15ANewark. Centerrllle. San Jose. \u25a0;\u25a0.- «•
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 6 55* '
t9.lsAKewark, Saa Jose. Felton, Bonlder
i Creek, Santa Cruz t7-53P
t2.lßpKewark, Centervllle. San Jose. . - f- *
Now Almaden. Los Gatos. Felton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and ' .
Principal Way Stations 10.55 a
4.1 5p Newark. Saa Jose, Los Gatos.
Wrlzht tBBSA
4.1 5 P Saturday and Sunday for Felton,
Boulder Creek. Snnta Crnz AS-SSa
COAST LINE (Broad Uaajce/. ,
OT*(Thlrd and Townsend Streets.)
6.10 a San Jose and "Wiy stations 6-30P .
t7.00 a San Jose and Way Stations 6- 40p
7-1 5a Monterey, Santa Cruz Excursion
1 " (Sundayonly) 10.10p
B.ooa New Almaden (Tucs.. Frt.. only).. 4.10f»
(•ooa The Coaster— San Joi<e. Salinas,
San Ardo, Paso Eobles, Santa
. J \u25a0- Margarita. San Lul* Oblspo,
Guadaiupe. GaiiuM. Santa Bar-
bara. San Buenaventura. Omard,
Barbank. Los Angles 10-30P
B.ooa Gilroy. Uollister. CaatrovUle. Del
Monte. Paclnc Grove. Surf,
Lompoc 10-30P
B.ooa San Jose, Tres Pinos, Watson vllle.
Capitol a, Santa Cruz. Pacific
Grove. Salinas, San Luis Obispo
aad Principal Way Stations 4.10*
tH.OOALoa Gatos. Wright, Boutder Creek,
via Santa Clara aad Narrow
Gauge t7.40»
10.30 a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20P
11-30 A San Jose and Wny Stations 7.40P
2-15pSan Jose and Way Station* 8.38 a
t3oopDel Monte Express— Santa Clara,
San Jose, Wuuonrme, Santa
Crnz. Del Monte. Monterey
PaciacGmvc t12.15P
\u25a0 t3-oQpLos Gatos, Wrtsrht Bonlder Creek,
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauze...... 10-45*
3-30pSoiith San Francisco. Saa Jose,
Gtlroy. Ilollister. Tres Pinos,
Watsonvllle, Capltola.Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey. Pacific Grove. 10.45 a
4.3QpSan Jose and Way Stations t7-55A
t5-00PSanta Clara, Saa Jose, Loa Gatos,
Wright t9.niU
J5-30P San Jose and Principal Way Stations 59-40 A
6-45PSunset Express— Redwood, San
Jose. Gtlroy. Salinas. Paso
• Robles, San Lais Oblapo, Santa
r Barbara, Los Aogeles, Demlag,
El Paso, New Orleans 3-10 a
6-4SpEI Paso. Kansas City. St. Louis,
Chicago 10.30f»
s.4spPajaro. Watsonvillc. Cspltola.
Santa Crnz. Castrovlllc. Del » tifMOP
Monte. Paciflc Grove f tio.3Qp
t6-15PSan Mateo, Beresford, Belmont,
Saa Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto .... tS-4G a
6-30pSan Jose and Way Stations 6.35 a
SOOPPaIo Alto and Way Ststlons 10.15 a
1 1 .30 P South Saa Francisco, Mlllbrae. Bur-
llngame, Saa Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Mento Park and Palo Alto 9-45»
H^OpSaturdays only for Mayfleld. Moun-
tain View, Suany vale. Lawrence,
Santa Clara and San Jose t9-45»>
OAKLAND HARBOR I ERRY
(Foot of Market St.>
t 7.15 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
- \u25a0 . . 1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. 5.15 P.m.
1 A for Morntag. P for Afternoon.
tSnnday excepted. tSuaday only.
•Monday only.
IDally. sad stops at all stations on Snnday.
" OCEAN TRAVEL.
# Steamers leave Piers 9 and
11, San Francisco:
For Ketchikan. Wrangel,
Juneau, . Treadwell. Halnes.
Skagway. etc., Alaska — 11 a.
m.. Aug. 3. 8. 13. 18. 23. 28.
Sept. 2. Change to this com-
pany's uteamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett, Anacortes. South Bellingham,
Bellingham — 11 a. m.. Aug. 3. 8. 13, 18. 23. 28,
Sept. 2. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
• For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Aug. 3. 9, 15. 21. 27, Sept. 2. - Corona,
1:30 p. m.. Aug. 6. 12. 18. 24. 30. Sept. 5.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m. ;;; .
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port- Harford (San
Luij Obispo) Ventura and Hueneme —
Coos Bay 9 a. m.. Aug. 2. 10, 18. 26. Sept 3.
• Bonita oa. m., Aug. 6. 14. 22, 30, Sept. 7.
For Ensenada, . Magdalena Bay, Pan Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. 'Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1905 — Th«
palatial excursion steamship SPOKANE will
leave Tacomt*. Seattle and Victoria June 22,
July 6. 20. August 3. 17.
For further information obtain folder. Right
i 3 reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.. and Broadway
wharves. Freight Office. 10 Market. st. . •
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
; 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
Plymouth— Cherbourg:— Southampton.
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LINE.
Kew York— London Direct.
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
NEW YORK— ROTTERDAM, via BOULOGNE
RED STAR LINE.
Antwerp — Dover — London— Paris.
WHITE STAR LINE.
\ fW York — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Boston — Queenstown — Liverpool.
To the Mediterranean,
FROM NEW. YORK.
CRETIC....... '• .September 26, Nov. 4. Dec. 9
REPUBLIC •• October 19, November 30
"\u25a0^ r \ - FROM BOSTON.
CANOPIC August 5/ September lfi. October 28
ROMANIC ••-• October 7. November 18
C D. TAYLOR, Passenger A«*nt Pacific Coast,
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
jfamburg-Jtmerican.
Plymouth— Cherbourg— Hamburg.
t'Moltke '....". .Aug. lTlSPennsylvania. .Sept. 2
SWaldersee ft .- • Aug. IP t'Bluecher. . r. . .Sept. \u25a0 7
tDeutsehland -Aug, 24 ÜBlsmarck Sept. ft
Hamburg Aug. 31lt*Moltke.....:.Sept. 14
' tGrill Room. 'Gymnasium on board. flCall-
lng at Dover for London and Paris.
HAMBURG- AMERICAN LINE, 35-37 Broiawty, N.Y.
• ; HERZOG A CO., 401 California st.
8. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Aug. 6. 11 A. !&
S S SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auckland
'and Sydney Thursday. August 10, 2 P.- M.
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Aug. 19,11 A.M.
J.D.SPRECKELS k BROS; CO.,AZtS.,TicKet offlCS643 Man-
n. rreigut dee 327 MarXst St., Pier 7, Paciflg si
KLOSmOS LIINE
PASSENGER SERVICE.'.
S S. "THEBEN." 6000 tons. Captain Rich-
ert ' sailing from \u25a0 San Francisco, July 29, . for
Europe vta ports on west coast of Mexico.
Central and South ; America. For rates and
accommodations apply to LENDAL M. GRAY,
Manager. 329 Market street.
Compnsrnle Generale Trannatl antique.
DIRECTfLINE- TO HAVRE— Paris. \u25a0^£-smm-
Sailing every Thursday instead of2aU32i
Saturday, 10 a; m.. from Pler.,42."^"^™
North Riverr foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45, and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY. FOR UNITED STATES AND,
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York.. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 8 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
;' BAY AND INTERPRBAN ROUTES.
NAPA VALLEY RODTE.
MONTICELLO STEAMSHIP COMPANY—
VALLEJO AND NAPA VALLEY INTER-
TIRBAN ELECTRIC K» R. CO. ' Close connec-
tions at Vallejo with 6 round trips dally for
Vaneio Mare Island Navy Yard. Napa. Napa
Asylum and all way \u25a0 points. Boats leave San
FnneSeo 7:00 a. m..- •»:« i \u25a0 L-.m.. 12:30 noon.
3:16 p. m., 6:00 p m.. 8:30 p. m.
Cars leave Napa 6:15 a. m.. 6:65 a. m. local.
8-30 a ".n>.." 11:30 a. m., 2:30 p. m.. 4:30 p. m.,
7 : 30 d m • 9:30 p.- m.' local. • San Francisco
landing and office. Pier 2, - foot of Mission st.
Meals Vla carte. v Phone Mam 1508. HATCH
BROS., General Agents. \u25a0;•."\u25a0 #
\u2666Lands Navy Yard direct'
For Vallejo and Mare Island Nary Yard.
Steamer". H. J." CORCORAN leaves wharf
north end of Ferry Building, week days (except
Saturday). 11 a.m.> 8:15 p. m. Saturdays, 11
a. m. Sundays, 9:30 a. m.. 8:15 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo. week days (except Saturdays), -7:45 a.
m."-0:30 p." m. f Saturdays, 7:30 a- m.. 6 p. m.
Sundays, 1 - 5:30 p. m. Meals a la carte. Phone
641. BARNESON-HIBBERD CO..- managers,
ASS Montgomery street. «.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 8:00. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.;
12:35. 2:30. 4:00. 8:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m. .
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.:
1:30. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 7:25. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— <J:OS. 6:50. 7:35, 7:50, 8:20.
9:20, 11:15 a. m.: 12:50, f2:00. 3:40. 6:00.
5:20. 5:25, 6:20 p. m. Saturday s-cEitra
trip at 1:43 p. m. \
StTNDAYS— 6:SO, 7:33. 8:20, 9:20. 11:13 a. m.:
1:45, 3:40. 4:50, 5:00, 5:20. 5:25, 0:20. 7:50,
7:CS p. m. fExcept Saturdays.
Leave ~j In Effect j Arrive
San Fran. I May 1. 1905. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Uestina- I Sun- I Week
Days. ( days. | tion. | days. | Days.
7:30 a . 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
9:10 a 9:10 &
6:00 a »:Soa Uuaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p '.r 6:00 p 6:20 p
4:00 p
. 6:10 p 5:13 p \u25a0 6:20 p 7:20 p
7:20 p
8:50 p •
7:30 al 7:30 al Napa. |9:10a|»:10a
4:00 p| B:10p| | 6:20 p| 6;gQp
7:30 k 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a B.COa Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:20 p 7:20 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:50 p
7:30 a 7:30 a — — i(>:2oa 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:20 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:SOp . 8:50 p 7:20 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburs. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton. \u25a0 .
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville. 7:20 p 7:20 p
;\u25a0-\u25a0 Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a! 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| . and Uklah. | 7:20 p( 7:20 p i
\ •I • Willlts. I \u25a0 I
. 7:30 a| 7:30 a| Shertvood. \u25a0- f Tr2o p| 7:20 p
8:00 at 8:00 al Guemeville and '10:20 al 10 :20 a.
2:30 pi 2:30 r! Camj. Vacation. | 8:50 pf 6:20 p
.S-00 ai-S-00 a! 8:40 a 8:4Oa
5:10 pi 0-30 al Sonoma. \u25a0 6:00 p 6:20 p
[5:10 pl Glen Ellen. 8:50 p
7:30 ai 7:30 a '. . 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 p SebastopoL 7:20 p 6:20 p
B-.10 p[,B:lop ' ..-.^'-
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burkes Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skaxgs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
ville and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda. Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uknah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lake*. Laurel Dell La ke . witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Valley,
John Day's. Llerley's. Hullville. Orr-a Hot
Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. .'Hopkins!
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal*
at WUMs for Hearst and Sawyer; at Sherwood
tor Westport. Cahto. Oovelo. LaytonvlUe. Cum.
mlns. Bell's Springe. Harris, Olsens. Dyer
Garberville. Pepperwood. Camp's, Scotia and
Saturday to Monday round -trip tickets at re-
duced rates. : '
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to an points
beyond San Rafael at balf rates.
- Ticket office, W0 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. AGLER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen.' Manager. Gen. Pasa Art.
sVJT.T A M ALP AIS RA 1 LW AY
Lt. Sm fraacisco I </^^^. | At. &a frisdaeo
w lc. D*Ji SaniUjt ma3&Zs3\ Sand*Tj Wk. Diji
" : *"»*Wfe«ffl^S^n3'aA 10:45a-
9:30a 8:45a1 l:O2p 2:05p
1 1:45p lO:lsaj^^^^7 3:3Sp 6:22p
S»tard»j 12:45 pl 5:03p Sttardjir"
\ OalT. 2:15 P ligal VKoWjj: 8:32p Oalj
4:3S> ; 3;45p| IwSmHnruit 8:32p ll:2Sp
'SHOT ( 650 Market ST..(North Shore Railroad) •
°*K«S { and Sausauto Fesky. Foot Market S*
|CMICAGO T |N 3 DAYsI
I - Leaves Monday* ' and Thursday* at if
gj 9:30 a. m. with Diners mad Sle^pan. M
v Other Santa Fe Trains i
s'oop! ntl For Stockton. Freroo. BsJursfieUU
8:30 a. m./ Merced. Hanford aad Vls*ll».
4 :00 d. m. For Stockton.
7 :30 a. m. 5 Direct connection for Toaamit*
9 :30 a. m. / Valley and th* Biff Tree*.
9:30 a. m. ', For Kansas City, Oraad C*ajoa
8:C0p. m. J and Caicaco..
9:30 a. m. ; For Oakdala aad potnts oa Blarr»
I Railway.
Ticket Offices — 633 Market st. and F«rry Depot,
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal.; also 27 Souta First. Saa Jos*.
HI To SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
HILL VALLEY,
ICAZADERO, Etc. 1
j Via Sansalito Ferry
subcrban'service. standard gaugs.
Depart week days at 7:Cu. 7:45. 3:23. Itua*
9:50. 11:00 a. m.; 12:20. 1:13. 3:15. *3& 3:11*
5:50. 6:30, 7:15. 9:00. 10:15 and 11:35 p. ra.-
Desart Sundays and holidays at 7:15. 7:43.
8:15. 8:45, 9:15. »:«• 10:15. 10:45. 11:15. 11:43
a. m." 12V13, 12:45. 1:15. 1:43. 2:13. 2:45. 3:15.
8-45 4:13. 4:45. 5:15. 5:43. 6:13, 8:45. 7:13.
(7:45, 3:15 for Sausallto only). 9:00. 10:14,
For "Fairfax, week days— 7:43 a. m. % 3:U
p. m.. 0:15 p m. Sundays aad holiday *—
7:43. 8:43. 9:13". :0:15. 11:45 a. m.. 1:13 p. m.
THROUGH TRACC3.
7:45 a. ra. dally — Cazadero aad way stations.
9:15 a. m. Sunday* aad Holidays — Polos.
Reyes, etc. \u25a0 _
3:15 p. m. dally « except Sunday) — For Caza*
e6:ls*p.*m.e 6:15*p.*m. dally <except Sunday)— For Polat
Reyes* *tc» ' * * \u25a0
8 :15 D- m. Sundays and Holidays for CU»>
dero. \u25a0 etc.
TICKET OFFICE — 650 Ifarket »t.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Marktt st.
Weekly Call
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"I hava used tout valuable Cascarets and find
them perfect. Couldn't do without them. I bars
used them for tome time for indigestion and bil-
iousness and am now completely cured. Kscom-
mend thorn to eTeryone. Once tried, you •will
never be without them in the family. '
Edward A. Marx. Albany, Xi.T.
CANDYCATrUKnC
Pleasant. Palntnble. Potent. Taste Good. Do Good,
Nevor Sicken. Weaken or Grip*. 10c. ESe. Me. Never
sold in bulk. The eennini tablet stamped CCC.
Guaranteed to euro or your money back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 60s
AHMUAL SALE. TEH MILLION BOXES
Gonorrhoea and Urinary Discharges.
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
amm CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH
PENNYR9YA.L, PtLLS
H _jCr*v Original and Only Uenulne.
K- r 7"&>NSArE. Alw»T«rell»b;e. Ladle*, uk Drnc^irt
>J{ t&tts: "" CUICHKSTEK'S KNGLISH
V^^WKHik ln HEU »ol Cold n*t»!!le boie. tnitd'
*>-v -«?*ii*3 «ith bio* ribbon. Take \u25a0• other. Reraa«
' "W flfcfc VVJ I'anCcroaa Hnkatltatloßß unii lailt*.
I" j ~ nr tiosa. Buj of joar Dra«;Ut. or ÜBd 4c. Im
I «•» jt iiampi for Particular* Testtataaiala
V«\u2666 Ey »od "Heller Tor L«4le*." in leiitr.b. re-
_X P tara Hall. 1 •.000 TcUniooiali. Sold »f
>— \u25a0*•/ >UDrag(iiu. Chlekenter Che«l«»lC<K,
MastUß ttl* p»p«r. MtiUwi B«aara. YU.I.US... FA.
RAILWATTRAVEL^
I LAST IBHANCE
I TO SECURE LOW RATES 1
J TO CALIFORNIA, FROM 1
B LIVERPOOL 571.25 B
B LQXDOX $73.75 \u25a0
Hj GLASGOW- *73.75 B
g COI'EXHAGEX I 8^? X
H GOTHEXBURG !*. ...... ! !*7C25 V
W >'E\V YORK... $30.00 B
\u25a0 CHICAGO J23.00 B
3 ST. PAUL S3S.DO H
H Proportionately low rates from all fcj
li other points.- H
I R.;R. RITCHIE |
F| General A cent. Pacific Coast M
f« 617 MARKET STREET. ll
& San Francisco, Cal. fSIN THE OFFICE -OF
THE DAILY WHOOP.
Editor Whoop— What do you
think of the idea of making our
paper a life insurance policy for
every purchaser? . '•.; \
Manager Whoop— l guess it
would be safe enough; It wouldn't
cost us anything.' , " . ':
"Why not?"
. ."I heard a man say the ' other
day that he, wouldn't be found
dead with a copy of the paper in
his pocket." .. WiiSSi,
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Townsend's Cala. Glacw Fruits. In ar
tistic fire-etched boxes. New store now
open. "67 Market street. *
ALL STAND AROUND.
First Saleslady— The floorwalker
makes me tired.
Second. .Saleslady— Same here.
. Just because: he stands around he
thinks he ought to make us do the
same. ,
INFORMATION WANTED. ,
Blund,erly— Yes,' I'm a little late;
you | see, 1 j came home in a \u25a0 cab
with, one horse. • -
Mrs. Blunderly— Yes, John; 'was
the horse in 'the cab- with- you or
were, you. in the shafts with, the
horse? : . . '\u0084
- 81 4th (front barber), ' best eyeglasses; specs,
20c-50c: .other stores. $2 50-13 50. \u25a0•;•. •\u0084:\u25a0
HOW HE GOT, IT.
Sam— Say, Pete, how is it dat
Dr. Hard up nebber has any
money, but always has whisky In
de house? •
Pete— Well, yo' see. he tells all
his patients toe take -some good
whisky in de ; morning, an* den
makes dem bririg him a sample to
see if it's good.
STEAMER DAY — Business. City.
"Steamer day" was, in the early days of
San Francisco, a peculiar phrase, which
has in modern times in the commercial
world been supplemented by "collection
day." In the old days steamer day was
a day prior to the departure of a steamer
for Panama with passengers and treasure
for tho East via the Isthmus ef Darien.
and the steamer from Asplnwall, now
Colon, the day on which the merchants
made their collections to remit East and
the day on which the residents sent their
letters to relatives and friends, who. if
living in the East, were thirty days
apart by letter. Steamer day was usually
among merchants three days before the
Ist and 16th of each month. For letter
writers it was the . day before the sail
ing of an eastbound steamer.
DON'T BE GRAVE, BE GAT AND DRIVE DULL CARE AWAY
AT THE THEATER— Subscriber, City.
At the theater, when a gentleman Is es
corting a lady he hands the tickets for
seats to the usher, the lady follows the
usher and the escort follows the lady.
What the gentleman should do In the
matter of treating the lady to supper after
the performance depends upon his lib
erality In such matter. This department
cannot advertise any particular place a»
"the one to which he should take a lady
after the show."
Swarms of seventeen-year locusts have
appeared in Southern Wisconsin.
TRANSPORTS— Subscriber, City. Un
der recent instructions from army head
quarters, the sailing date of United
States transports from San Francisco will
be on the 6th of each month, except
when that date falls on a Sunday or legal
holiday, then the sailing will be on the
following day. *.'> •-?»
OLD PEOPLE— Reader, Seabriffht. CaL
If you will write to the superintendent
of any of the old people's homes, you
will have sent to you a circular of infor
mation relative to the cost of admission
and regulations governing such places.
RACING— A. 8., Potter Valley. Cml.
Dr. Leggo started In a three-mile rac«
at Emeryville, April 8, 1905, and finished
second to Elie. which won by three
quarters of a length.
ANSWERS TO PRIES.
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
A' man can't find a better way .to
convince his wife he doesn't love their
children than to be firm with them. —
New York Press.
Being bored is listening to the other
fellow.
It is never worth while telling what
you know if you really know it.
A girl can have an awful good time
thinking how somebody else isn't.
A nice thing about reforming is the
way you can keep 6n' doing it without
ever getting the habit.
Shakespeare's "King Richard II" is to
be performed at Weimar without inter
missions. , . * , -
Dr. Wallace Wood, of the University
of New York, was talking about tho
love of beauty.
"The love of beauty," he said, "is not
bo firmly planted in the people's minds
as it should be. Things only that are
useful are considered valuable; beau
tiful things are too often regarded as
unimportant.
"This popular idea of the usefiil's un
speakable superiority over the merely
beautiful may be illustrated by a hap
pening in a barber shop.
"A barber in cutting a young man's
hair, snipped off a piece of his oar.
"The young man leaped from the
chair. He cried in anguish and horror:
. " 'Oh, you have cut a piece of my ear
off I'
"But the barber answered in a pat
ronizing, soothing .way, as \u2666 one who
speaks to a child: . < .
. " 'Sho! Don't carry on so, boss. 'Taln't
'nuff to affect yo' hearin'."
WHEN THE BARBER CUT HIM.
HER BEAUTICTTL DREAM.
( ( i T was such a beautiful dream.
I she said.
1 "Yes?" the other Inquiringly
remarked.
"Such a delightful, entrancing, peace
compelling dream!"
"Tell me about it, won't your
"How can I? Word 3 cannot describe
it It was such a divine dream! Such a
heavenly vision! Such a rapturous—
"Do tell me." .
"I can try. but I know that I never
shall succeed. It was guch an ecstat —
but I will try. In my dream I was in
a country that I never had seen before.
It was a pleasant enough country, so
far as scenery was concerned, and
there were many ' women there, but—
not one man! Imagine how we felt.
The other one shuddered. #
"At last a man actually appeared.
He walked straight up to me. never
' looking at any of the other women.
and walked and talked and visited with
.me only."
The % narration ceased.
| "Go on, go on!" the other breathlessly
cried. "I want to hear all of it."
"Oh, there wasn't any more." I waked
up then. But wasn't it a delightful,
beautiful- dream?"
Moral — It Is scandalous to tell such
stories, when everybody must know
that there Is not a particle of justifica
tion for them In feminine nature.
All I ask Is lots of work.
And more work to renew It;
.Merely plenty to be done —
And some one else to do it.
"Did you look for that Job of work
I told you about?"
"Nop."
"Why not?"
" 'Frald I'd get it." ,
MANY. "
MANY a man rolls a fair game of bil
liards who couldn't roll a barrel of
sugar into the cellar to save it from
destruction. . ;
Many a man "knocks" without a ham
mer who couldn't hit the side of a large
barn with one.
Many a man grafts with some success
who wouldn't know an orange tre« from
a pomegranate bush unless he was Intro
duced to both of them.
Many a man can "make a book" at the
races who, if he ever heard about
Shakespeare, probably thinks that he is a
man who is engaged in the sheep busi
ness over in Fresno County.
HE «K.\OCKED.»
WHATEVER was best that the peo
ple would do,
He knocked;
Whatever was meant for the good and
the true.
He knocked;
The project intended to build up the town
And add a wee bit to its sum of renown.
Or any old thing that would not pull it
down-
He knocked.
The man with a plan for the good of the
race
He knocked;
He said 'twas a useless, ridiculous chase.
So he knocked.
The cause of the true and the cause of
the right,
He said it was futile to follow them.
quite.
So all of the day and all of the night
He knocked.
One day at the upper and beautiful gate
He knocked;
Though he vowed that the portal was not
builded straight .
As he knocked;
And St. Peter said, with a voice full of
woe,
"I am onto your style and your method,
you know,
So you'll find an apartment all heated be
low,
For you're knocked."
THE MAN AND THE WOMAN.
THE Man sank into his cushioned
chair and sighed heavily.
"I am bo weary," he half said and
half moaned.
The Woman placed her gentle hand
upon his corrugated brow and. stroking
it tenderly, sympathized with the Man.
"I am sorry for you, John." she said.
"It is a great pity that you have to work
so hard. What have you had to do to
day?"
"Everything— everything! From before
! 9 o'clock this morning until after 4 this
afternoon it was work, work, work— the
regular routine, you know. I scarcely got
a moment's rest except during my lunch
eon hour."
"Poor John, poor John!" the Woman
tenderly said, as she still gently stroked
his brow; "it is too bad— too bad!"
This did the Woman comfort and sym
pathize with the Man. . Did he comfort
and' sympathize with the Woman? Of
course, not. As everybody knows, it was
quite unnecessary, for she had nothing
to do— that Is, nothing except to take care
of the baby, look after the older children,
cook for the family, set the table, wipe
and wash the dishes, mend the kids'
clothing, keep track of the laundry, order
the groceries and other provisions, at
tend to social duties, comfort the old
man and a few things of that nature
which really are scarcely worth mention.
The Man would have sympathized with
her, but. as any one can see, there was
nothing that called for lt-
But you can bet that It is a great pity
about John.
George Gould as a rule is accessible to
such book agents as have been fortunate
enough to establish a selling acquaint
anceship with him; but all others are ex
cluded, save in ca^es where the nature of
the publication is made known in advance
— a most unpopular procedure among the
fraternity, since nothing but a personal
canvass avails for success.
Mr. Gould is guarded from intrusion by
an efficient corps of clerks, and that in
dividual who penetrates their inexorable
cordon must be gifted in strategy. It is
a matter of record that the feat has only
once been accomplished in triumph.
It was on a very warm afternoon in
July. So suffocating was the atmosphere
that the clerks at the Western Union
headquarters went about their duties in
shirt sleeves. A young man who present
ed his card was met more curtly than
usual.
"Mr. Gould is not buying any books at
present."
Without a word the caller meekly de
parted. Only the clerk at the outer desk
had figured In the Incident, aqd he speed
ily forgot about it. Other clprks contin
ued to flit along the halls from door to
door and in and out of Mr. Gould's private
office.
Suddenly a young man In shirt sleeves
passed behind a partition in the outer of
fices, strode through the door of an ante
room, threaded his way past numerous
tables and desks crowded with, secreta
ries—and at last reached the inner finan
cial sanctuary wnere sat Mr. Gould in
person immersed in a mass of stocks and
bonds which were undergoing a question
ing examination.
Seizing a chair, the clerk planted It be
side Mr. Gould, and without waiting to be
addressed, began smoothly:
"Mr. Gould, I have here the first an
nouncement of a new de luxe edition
without a peer."
Mr. Gould frowned for a moment, and
then smiled.
"Very clever," he nodded. "I will sign
an order for a set. I shall also give in
structions that my cerks must wear their
coats. I can't afford to be interrupted by
this game again." ; .'; . .
It was the same young man that had
previously been refused an audience by
the clerk at the desk!— New York Times.
Miss Summer Girl with deep Intent
The cunning meshes hung,
And swaying in the idle breees
",
Til e empty hammock ung<
Miss Summer Girl sat down In It,
A mass of pretty fluff, . . x ..\.
The hammock sagged a little bit
Miss Summer G.a was shortly joined
By Mr. Summer Man. - .
Appearance of the hammock then
\ X
"V o*
A parted strand, a smothered shriek,
A quick eclipse of bliss,
The busted hammock on the ground
w 2
3> strewn
In shreds
like
— Puck.
Dr. G. V. A. Robertson, of Pickering,
reports to the Yorkshire Post: "On
Saturday I received a call to visit the
son of a farmer. The message was:
"The lad has been bitten by a fish.' On
my arrival -I found the lad suffering
from a severe wound on the right foot,
which required several stitches. On
making inquiries I was told that ' the
lad had been bathing along with two
others in the River Leven, which runs
near to the farm, at Sinnington, and
on getting out of the water he sat on
tho bank, as lads are wont to do, when
suddenly a large fish jumped out of the
water on to the' bank, seized the lad
by the foot and jumped in again. The
distance from the water to the edge of
the bank was quite two feet, and the
lad's foot was three -feet from the edge
of the bank. A lady who was passing
and heard his cries went to bis assist
ance and carried him home, as the foot
was bleeding profusely. A gentleman
who stays at tho farm and is an en
thusiastic angler asked to be shown the
place, and said he would try to catch
the fish. On taking his- fishing tackle,
he had the gratification of catching the
fish in a few minutes with an artificial
bait. It turned out to be. a fine pike,
measuring two feet one and one-half
inches long, and weighing six pounds.
There can be no doubt," adds the doc
tor, "as to the truth of the occurrence,
for I not only saw the lad and the fish,
but I also saw the fish measured and
the gentleman who caught it." — Phila
delphia Record.
A SUMMER DRAMA.
AN ORIGINAL FISH STORY.
BOOK AGENT WOff.
Miss Edith McCabe will entertain to
day at a luncheon in the Palm Garden ia
honor of Miss Edith Gaskill of Oakland.
The happy affair will include eight maids
and matrons of Oakland and San Fran
cisco, among them being Miss Gaskill.
Miss Palmer, Miss Allen. Mrs. Linfonh.
Mrs. William Ede and Mrs. Taylor.
'A simple arrangement of flowers will
adorn the table, and the gathering prom
ises much delight, for Miss Gaskill will
be the center of attention by reason of
her approaching marriagi* to Roy Ale-
Cabe, brother of to-day's young hostess.
• • •
Miss Leslie Green will be the guest of
honor to-day at a luncheon at the horns
of Mrs. Philip Galpin. on Broadway.
- , • - • •
The announcement of Miss Josephine ds
Guigne's wedding, which is to take place
August 23, to Viscount de Tristan is caus
ing little thrills of excitement, for tha
event is one of note, even though the- at
tendance will be very limited. San ila
teo's Catholic church will hear the read
ing of tha service, after which a recep
tion will be held. France Is to be the
home of the young couple, though before
sailing they will journey throughout this
State. m ; .
The Newhall yacht Virginia was the
scene of a merry party a few evenings
ago at Belvedere. After a very Jolly
dance given at the island Aimer Newhall
entertained several of the guests at a
supper aboard the yacht. This well-ap
pointed vessel has served for many de-
Ughtful affairs since the beginning of the
summer season, all the friends of tt.
Newhall family having been bidden from
time to time for various cruises and en
tertainments. #
The wedding of Miss Marlon Voorsanger
and E. A. Waxelbaum of Macon. Oeorjrta.
will take Place August 24 Mr. Wax^
baum has recently arrived in San Fran
cisco. m v J;-
Dr Walter Henry Gibbon's recent trip
to the South bears a significance of more
valua than a visit to his fiancee. Mlsa
Hazel Noonan. __— -.
Wedding preparations are In progress
and the happy day has been named not
many weeks hence. San Francisco will
probably be well represented at that time.
for Miss Noonan has made many friends
in this city aside from those who have
known the Gibbons family for years.
• • •
Senator E.* C. Voorhels of Butter Creek.
who has been in San Francisco for a brief
trip, left a few days ago for The Tallac.
where he will spend a short time.
Senator Voorheis' daughter was mar
ried to Baylies Coleman Clark of this
city In April, the wedding taking place
at Sutter Creek.
• • •
The Albert Sidney Johnston Chapter.
Daughters of the Confederacy, will hold
a meeting next Monday afternoon at tha
home of Mrs. Selden S. Wright on Lom
bard street, to convene at 2 o'clock.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Raymond of Pasa
dena are visitors In San Francisco, stay
ing at the St. Francis. Mrs. Raymond,
who is a sister of Emlyn Lewys. the pian
ist, Is a cultivated musician whose talent
is often requested by the society people
of the south. '
» • •
Miss Gertrude Boyle, who is a visitor at
the Exposition, will soon leave for New
York, where she will combine literary
labor with her work In sculpture.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. William B. Collier, whose
country home at Clear Lake Is constantly
open to friends, will entertain Sidney >Sai
isbury for the coming fortnight.
• • •
Miss Jane Wilshlre. who has been visit
ing in Southern California, for ' a few
months, has arrived at home.
During her stay in Los Angeles. Misa
Wilshire was the guest of Miss Clara
Carpenter.
• * *
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Nathaniel Gray
will spend the coming week at Del
Monte.
•• " •
Major and Mrs. Charles R. Krauthoff
are at Napa as the guests of Mrs. Mal
colm Henry.
'.it • ' : - m •.: \u25a0 • .;;.
The Misses Bessie and Berenice Wilson
are expected to arrive In San Francisco
before many weeks are passed.
They have been in Europe for some
time and upon disembarking at New York
will be met by their parents. Mr. and
Mrs. Alexander Wilson.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Alpheus Clement ar« pre
paring to leave town the latter part of
this month to be guests of Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Powers at their summer home near
Monterey.
• • •
Mrs. William Romalne and Miss Roth
Romalne are spending a pleasant vacation
at Mountain Bell Farm. Napa County.
A. J. WATERHOUSE.
OCCIDENTAL
ACCIDENTALS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN' D. SPKECKELS Proprietor
~ ADDKESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHX McXACGHT 1 - - • • -} 1: • *g£g£J
FITELICATION'o'FricE ~ THIRD " AXD~MARKET _^REIg^AN_FRAKCISCT
SATURDAY * AUGUST 5, 1905
THE TEMPTRESS
SALLY SHARP.
SMART SET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,; AUGUST 5,-1905.
If Peary strikes the pole as easily as he does the needful, he s going on
* • sure thing. — Boston Herald. •
All the push that some men display in this life is behind a baby car
riage.—Staunton (Va.) Leader.
AFTER the Spanish war and the sanitary revelations and ad
vance incident to the emergencies of that brief struggle, it
was supposed that science had exempted American cities
from yellow fever. While this confident feeling was general, the
country is alarmed by an outbreak of the scourge at New Orleans.
It has steadily spread from its initial point in that city and has ap
peared elsewhere in Alabama and at Morgan City, La.
.• In its sanitation New Orleans is probably the worst of Ameri
can cities and the most inviting to any epidemic. Surface sewerage
prevails there, the water table is so near the top of the ground that
burial is not practiced at all, and the cemeteries are made to look
like miniature cities by the structures above ground in which the
dead find sepulture. The water supply is by cisterns and the catch
of rainwater from the roofs. These cisterns are as . many storied
as the house they supply. They are left open at the top, and every
cistern is a breeding place for mosquitoes, which infest the city in
clouds. When yellow fever breaks out these insects are ready to
spread it. The rapid distribution of the disease beyond the point
of its first appearance is doubtless due to the mosquitoes. This ex>
plains the effort of the Board of Health td have the cisterns screened.
One would suppose that the people would cover and protect the
cisterns without compulsion, but as a measure of cleanliness. -But
this is not done, and the Board of Health finds difficulty in compel
ling it to be done.
There is nothing that throws our Southern people into such a
panic as yellow fever. Its sinister spread, its invasion of. the home
of poverty and the home of wealth alike, and in each equally irre
sistible, its rapid course and usually fatal termination, inspire a
.terror that is not caused by cholera or smallpox, the other two dis
eases most feared in this country.
The appearance of the fever inflicts losses beyond its fatalities.
The suffering community is shut off fr6m the rest of the world.
Business is entirely suspended and all of the activities of- a great
city are paralyzed. The thought of this isolation is held by some
to predispose to the disease. But science has demonstrated beyond
a doubt that a mental state has nothing to do with it. It originates
in a specific germ. This once introduced into the system, the hope
ful and the hopeless, the optimist and the pessimist, pious and
ribald, alike fall. The work of science is to prevent the culture of
this germ and its distribution by insects or other means. The men
.of science are nobly standing by their guns hr New Orleans, and
will finally conquer. In the process they will, get valuable experi
ence, useful to the world in the next epidemic.
THE DREADED TEVER.
JAPAN'S MODERATION.
THE Western world has its sharpest' attention fixed upon the
Japanese-Russian peace negotiations, and the incidents pre
ceding the conference. The expressions of Russian sentiment
fluctuate. Since De Witte left St. Petersburg he has nearly reversed
himself. This change followed the clerical warwhoop by the priests
of Orenburg and the Czar's flamboyant reply. It made the world
doubt that the conference would effect anything. The attitude, of
•Japan has remained unchanged. She wants only such a settlement
as a Western nation would demand under the same circumstances,
and a far more merciful settlement than Germany forced upon
France.
The Japanese Minister of Foreign Affairs disavows the ambi
tions imputed to his country, which have served as the substance of
the alarm about the yellow peril. He wants her territory^ restored
to. China and permanent peace in order that Korea and China, in
fluenced by the example of- Japan, may not only retain their inde
pendence, "but safeguard it by taking the benefit of modern progress
and civilization. This will develop their resources by use of their
own capital and labor, and will increase their commerce for the
benefit of all the commercial nations. Japan wants only justice
and a square deal in Eastern Asia, and her sincerity in expressing
this desire is not open to suspicion.
The Japanese method may be usefully studied. From the be
ginning of the war until now her commanders on sea and land and
her statesmen and press have not uttered a word of bitterness
against Russia. There has been none of that planting of the seeds
of permanent hatred, ill feeling and antagonism which has charac
terized great wars between the Western nations. The French and
Germans, Italians and Austrians, Dutch and Spaniards, have car
ried ancient antagonisms that originated in the hatreds of war for
generation after generation. We are only recently getting fid of
hatred of the English people that began in our revolution, more than
a century and a quarter ago. In each of these cases of transmitted
ill feeling the cause may be found in that sort of expression from
which Japan has carefully abstained. Russian prisoners have been
treated* with the most humane consideration, and after her victories
Japan has done nothing to increase Russian humiliation.
-One may not now effectively analyze the situation. Jatjan has
made war against what was regarded as the foremost military na
tion of the world. She has done this in the interest of her own in
dependence and from a stern sense of duty. Reasoning from the
occidental point of view, the believers in the yellow peril have con
cluded that she will of course follow up her advantage, annex Korea,
retain control of Manchuria, threaten our sovereignty of the Philip
pines and combine Asia for an invasion of the West. To this her
statesmen frankly reply that the ambitions imputed to her involve
the conduct for which she makes war upon Russia. Regarding those
ambitions in Russia as wrong, she cannot think they would become
right by entertaining them herself. She does not desire to do
wrong by placing herself in the original position of her defeated
antagonist. Therefore she will only promote justice and propagate
civilization in Eastern Asia, not by the sword but by example.
The extreme wisdom of this cannot be too highly estimated.
It is notice to the world that seizure of Chinese territory has reached
its limit. Europe must be contented with what it has taken. If
Japan entered the field as a competitive land-grabber, she \Vould
have all the European nations that have grabbed already as her an
tagonists. There would be no moral force in her position and she
would forfeit the esteem she has now deserved. She would also
become responsible for further war, which might easily involve the
greater part of the world. Therefore she chooses to increase hu
manity's debt by careful abstention from the policies that the yellow
peril prophets have said she would adopt in the arrogance of vic
tory.
In all of this how vast is the influence of Japan upon the world !
By keeping strictly to her course she will influence for the better
the international policy of every country. She will rule the world
by the splendor of her example, and not, like Rome, by the sword.
This ascription is not too high. In the past, victors in war have
too little scrupled in pushing a purely seifisft advantage. Germany
did this upon France and all of continental Europe has been sitting
on a keg of powder ever since. The harmony and progress of
France have been retarded by the cherishing of a dream of revenge,
and Germany has been burdened by the maintenance of a military
establishment made necessary to resist the vengeance of a pe6ple
who feel that they were unnecessarily humiliated. Indeed, we need
look no further than our own country for sectional animosities long
outliving the Civil War, not rooted in our victory, but in the use
made of it in the civic disabilities and the acts of reconstruction.
It will be a great day for Christendom when Japan refuses to do the
tame wrong she punished when attempted by another, and intro
duces the golden rule for the guidance of the nations.
8Buffalo. New York and Return, at Little
; Coat.
A personally conducted excursion, via
Grand Canyon of Arizona, Denver. Colo
rado Springs, Manitou, Garden, of the
Gods, Pikes Peak. Kansas City and Chi
cago; $87.75 round trip to Buffalo. In
cluding trip to Grand Canyon; every day
a holiday; the grandest sight-seeing ex
cursion of the year.
F. of A. Attention! This is your offi
cial route. Reservations should be made
nt. once * '
" For further particulars ask at No. 853
Market street, Santa Fe Office. *
BAST AT LOW RATE.
NEW YORK. Aug. 4. — The following
Callfornians are In New York:
San Francisco-«-W. ' Loewe. at Hotel
Astor; A. L. Rheinstom, at the Herald
Square; C. H. Phillips, at the Broadway
Central; H. C. Bliss, at the Cosmopoli
tan: J. B. Fox and wife, at the Grand;
A. P. Mac Donald, at the Grand Union;
Mrs. MacGrath, Miss Martin, at the St.
Denis; W. H. Murray, at the Cosmopoli
tan; Mrs. I. Resplnl, at the St. Denis;
W. M. Rogers, at the Astor House.
Santa Rosa — Mrs. McD. Elliott, at the
Astor House.
Los Angeles — L. A. Lodge, at the
Broadway Central: Miss F. Merrell, at
the Astor: Mrs. F. E. Moore, at the
Bartholdi; 8. A. Turner, at the Well
ington. * . \u25a0
Callfontlans In New York.
H. P. Elder,. a druggist of Woodland,
Is at the California.
R. H. l^ussey, a Tonopah merchant,
is staying at the Russ. .
Attorney Oliver L. Bryan of Los An
geles Is registered at the Palace.
Edward Dameron, a prominent mer
chant of Salisbury, Mo., is at the Pal
ace.
E. A. Wakelbaum, a promlneit mer
chant of Macon, Ga., Is registered at
the Palace. -
Dr. Samuel Sheldon of New York and
his wife and eon are late arrivals at the
St. Francis.
Frank H. Cutler, a mining; man of
Fairbanks, Alaska, arrived at the Oc
cidental yesterday.
Frank A. Miller, proprUtbr of the
Glenwood Tavern at Riverside, and
wife are at the St. Francis.
D. C. Davis, a wealthy grocer of Ma
rietta, Ohio, and his wife, son and
daughter are at the Palace.
J. W. Brooks, who is associated with
the management of the Ascot Park As
sociation, Is registered at the St. Francis.
F. E. Wright, cashier of the Bank of
Fergus County, Mont., and wife are
among the latest arrivals at the Pal
ace.
Nat C. Goodwin, the actor, who has
been spending several weeks at Tahoe,
returned yesterday and is at tho St. Fran
cis.
Frank J. Klrkpatrlck, a well-known
New York contractor, arrived from the
East yesterday and is registered at the
St. Francis.
E. W. Gellett, general freight and
passenger agent of the San Pedro, Los
Angeles and Salt Lake road, left for
Los Angeles last evening.
J. E. Slinkey has returned to San Fran
cisco after an absence of three months in
Santa Barbara, where he has been en
gaged In capturing and shipping Califor
nia sea lions to Eastern and European
markets.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the St.
Francis was Thomas P. Fowler, presi
dent of the New York, Ontario and
Western Railway, and a director of
several other roads, including the Santa
Fe. He is accompanied by the members
of his family and is traveling in a pri
vate car. :
PERSONAL.
.Try the United States Laundry. 1004
Market street. Telephone South 420. •
The case of the American Bridge
Company of New York | vs. James L.
Flood was dismissed by consent yester
day in the United States Circuit Court,
the matter having been settled by, the
parties concerned. The /suit was
brought to recover a balance of $55,000
alleged \u25a0> to be. due on a contract for
structural iron work for the new Flood
building. . '...'
Settled Out of Court.
Mrs. Maggie Mann was arrested yes
terday by Policeman Engel on a war
rant charging her with disturbing the
peace. She' was released on $100 cash
bail, furnished; Jby John Brusedon,
Mason street near\Unlon/ for whom she
is housekeeper.' The complaining wit
ness Is Miss Adeline Galll, 3 Kent
street Mrs. ; Mann says that Miss
Gallf's sister is married to Drusedon's
son, and after they were married they
kept house for ! Drusedoh. - but he got
tired of them and. they had ; to, quit.
Since then she has been housekeeper
and ,' she . alleges that ; her, arrest: •\u25a0 is
caused by spite because \u25a0 Drusedon will
not discharge her. Twice, before she
was, arrested on a similar charge. The
other side alleges that Mrs. Mann is
constantly annoying them :
Say* She I* ' Being? Persecuted.
A' personally conducted excursion via Grand
Canyon of Arlxona, Denver, Colorado Springs,
Manltou. Garden of. the Gods, .Pikes Peak, to
Kansas City. St. Louis. Chicago and many
other Eastern points. Leave San Francisco
Tuesday. August 15. Reservations should be
made at once. For further particulars inquire
at Santa Fe Office. 053 Market st. • •
Forenters of America Select Santa Fe as
Official Route to Buffalo, N. Y.
For" that drowsy, tired feeling and loss
of appetite there is nothing as good as
Lash's Kidney and Liver JBitters. •
SPECIAL EXCURSION EAST AT LOW
RATES.
George Katannls, 22^ & Rltch street,
reported to the police yesterday that
his room was entered by breaking a
window on Thursday night and $20,
two razors and a coat were stolen. Mrs.
Annie Macomber, 338 Twenty-fourth
avenue, Richmond District, reported
that her henhouse had been entered
and six chickens and a rooster stolen.
Two vacant-flats at 254 and 256 Fifth
avenue were entered J and two auto
matic appliances for lighting gas. val
ued at $8, were stolen. Howard Segel
ken, 204 Twelfth street, reported that
his bicycle had -been stolen from the
yard in the rear of the house.
Dolns* of Sneak Thieves.
It takes power to run a factory and power
to run a business; one kind of power to pro
duce good moulding and frames, another to sell
them; we have both. Don't experiment. Our
experts do It right. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market Bt. . •
Picture-Frame Talk.
The body of a man was found yester
day morning lying In a vacant lot at
thj» corner of Montgomery avenue and
Taylor street. There was a bullet
wound in the head and a revolver be
side the body. One shot had been fired.
In a pocket was found a note written in
pencil with the following words: "Tire
nt living. I kill myself. G. Plomis
from La Salle, Illinois."
G. Ploml* Kill* Himself.
A decree of divorce was granted yes
terday to Ella A- from J. E. Creason on
the ground of desertion. Suits for di
vorce were filed by Grace A. against
Daniel P. Fraeer for failure to pro
vide. Ida May against William A. Wil
liams for cruelty, Katberlne A. against
George Fex for cruelty, Esther R.
against Garfleld D. Hughes for failure
to provide, Sophie against Oscar Olsen
for desertion and Henry against Ed
mundina Fauty for willful neglect.
In the Divorce Court.
Carlton H. Wall, the haughty auto
mobllist who was charged /with mali
cious mischief and battery by Joseph
de Leona, a humble horse driver, paid
his accuser a sum of $300, and in re
turn therefor the accuser withdrew his
prosecution, which left Judge Cabaniss
powerless to do aught than dismiss the
cases.
According to the story told the court
by Patrolman Daggett, the youth from
Russia brought his trouble upon him
self. While touring, the Asiatic quar
ter he indiscreetly accosted a Nipponese
maiden, and when she scorned his ad
vances he addressed to her some Russ
language which would not bear trans
lated transcription. She may not have
understood what he said, but his man
ner convinced her that insult was in
tended, and sufficed to provoke her to
shrill a complaint that brought to the
spot a number of masculine Japs. -
They fought each other for the privi
lege of fighting him. Like hiving bees
they clung to him In bunches, ham
mered his head and face and kicked his
nether limbs. To their numerical
strength he owed escape from much in
tended damage, for so thickly and
closely did they surround him that they
had no room for full swing ' of their
arms and legs. When the policeman
rescued him the injuries he had re
ceived were surprisingly slight, consid
ering the ferocity of his assailants.
the swarm of little brown men that at
tacked him Just as soon as they ascer
tained his nationality. To add to his
misfortune he was arrested for peace
disturbance, and then his ill-luck was
augmented by Judge Conlan fining
him $5.
The case of Fay Bucke was called in
Judge Lawlor's court yesterday for
sentence on a charge of grand larceny,
but owing to the absence of the Judge
from the city Judge Cook continued it
for a week. She is the young woman
who was allowed to go on probation
and fled to Seattle, where she was ar
rested. On her return she gave as a
reason for her flight • that Matron Ma
tilda Christ of the City Prison had been
urging her to enter a "sporting house,"
which Mrs. Christ emphatically denied.
Detective Bailey was detailed to make
an investigation, and he made a report
about ten days 1 ago -to the effect that
he could obtain no corroboration of the
charge against Mrs. Christ except that
she had deceived the Judge In with
holding from him the fact that the
young woman had been employed as a
waitress in a bakery.
Fay BucUe'n Sentence Pontponed.
Attend* <« Much Leffal Boslnes* for
Municipality and 565 Ca»e* Are
Now Pending In Office.
Ctty Attorney Long yesterday filed
with the Mayor a report of the busi
ness of the office for the year ending
Jun<? 30. 1305. There were 241 suits
rommenced against the <clty and county
or its officers during the year named.
Two hundred and fifty-three actions in
which the city was interested were de
rided in the Superior and Justices'
courts, four in the Supreme Court,
three in the United States Circuit Court
j=nd one in the Supreme Court of the
United States. The four that passed
through the Supreme Court were de
cided in favor of the city, one of them
upholding the validity of the recent
bond issue of $17,171,000. Another de
termined the validity of the charter
abolishing the fees of stenographers in
the police courts. That saves to the
city from $10,000 to $12,000 a year. A
third sustained an assessment of $350,
f'oo levied on the solvent credits of the
pavings and Loan Society. Consider
able progress was made during the
year with the trial of the suit of the
Spring Valley Water Company against
the city, now at issue in the United
State* Circuit Court.
The City Attorney rendered ninety
opinions to various municipal depart
ments and there are now pending in
th« office E65 cases.
Cripple Lose* Finger* in Cogvrheela, but
Resolvr* to Be Cheerful That
He May Comfort Parent.
There was a pathetic 'scene at the
Potrero Emergency Hospital yesterday
when seventeen-year-old Carl Hoglund,
for many years a hopeless cripple and
the sole support of his aged mother,
saw Dr. Buell remove the torn stumps
of two fingers of his left hand. The
digits had been crushed between cog
wheels at the Pacific Rope Works.
After the young man's wounds were
dressed he recounted that he had ex
perienced seventeen operations for hip
joint disease and concluded that suffer
ing was his lot in life.
"I support my widowed mother/" said
he, "and this last blow makes me pow
erless to help her. I wonder why 1
was born, anyhow?"
"Don't get discouraged." said Dr.
Buell, "for there is a future ahead of
you yet."
"Well," said the brave young fellow,
"I'll cheer up for mother's sake."
Then he went to his widowed mother,
who lives at 17 Welch street, resolved
to take up the burdens of life again
with renewed determination to win de
spite his handicaps.
CHILD OF MISFORTUNE •
L.IVES FOR HIS MOTHER
CITY ATTORNEY LOXG
FILE* AXMAL REPORT
Robert Hansen, a young teamster,
oleaded absence of intent to steal when
Judge Fritz dismissed the peace dis
turbance charge on which Thomas
Acosta. an instrumentalist of the Mexi
can Band, was arrested on complaint of
Mrs. L. Marquis of 142% Powell street,
where his wire and two children reside.
The Acostas are parties to a divorce
suit pending before \u25a0 Superior Judge
Sloss, and when the husband claimed
right to possess the younger child, a
baby, the 1 wife exhibited what she al
leged was an order of court awarding
the infant to her custody. Soon after
ward the husband ascertained that no
such order had been Issued, and last
Sunday he forcibly carried away the
little one to his home in* South San
Francisco, whereupon Mrs. Marquis,
doubtless instigated by Mrs. Acosta,
had him arrested for peace disturbance.
When arrested by" Patrolman W. Y.
Douglass a few hours later, Mr. Foley
denied Mr. Kennedy's accusation, and
Judge Conlan has continued the case in
order to afford him opportunity to
prove an alibi, which he professes abil
ity to do. The plunder abstracted from
Mr. Kennedy's trousers consisted of
one package of tobacco and ninety
cents.
Robert Kennedy was asleep In his
room, at 6 Brady street, the hour be
ing 2 a. m., when a noise awakened
him, and in the semi-darkness he dimly
perceived a man searching the pockets
of the pantaloons which he (Mr. X.)
had doffed before he retired. He in
stantly leaped from his couch, but not
quickly enough to capture the visitor,
who fled and escaped immediate cap
ture, but not probable identification, as
Mr. Kennedy swears he recognised him
as Patrick Foley.
James Rogers, a building contractor,
avers that he must have been deeply
intoxicated if he burglariously entered
Charles Johnson's apartment at 17
Fourth street and stole therefrom a
gold watch and chain and $2 50 cash;
but h» Is Inclined to believe that he
never committed the alleged offense at
all. Mr. Johnson and Patrolman T. F.
Flood, however, are pretty 'positive that
Mr. Rogers did perpetrate said burg
lary, and Judge Fritz has set the hear
ing of the charge for next Wednesday,
with ball fixed in the sum of $1000.
When the owner of the impromptu play
thing expostulated he was hilariously in
sulted by Mr. Wallace, and It was for
that feature of the entertainment that
Judge Frits Imposed a fine of $5, which
was paid.
"Gee. folks. Just see 'er go!" he glee
fully shouted as he spun the rack until
its velocity made the footgear upon it
almost indistinguishable. "Ain't she a
bute?" he asked the amused onlookers.
John Wallace laughingly declared that
for the life of him he could not adduce
logical reason for the silly conduct al
leged against him by Patrolman Holmes.
"I think I was born a cut-up," he
chuckled, "for I have been a cut-up as
long as I can remember."
The "cuttlng-up" for which Mr. Wal
lace- was arrested occurred on Kearny
street, and consisted of his absurb whirl-
Ing of a revolvable stand upon which
boots and shoes were displayed at the
door of a dealer in those useful articles of
merchandise.
"Ask him how he cultivated that chin
appendage." said the Judge, gazing with
admiration, not unmixed with envy, at
the defendant's abundant whisker crop.
"He says," responded the interpreter,
after a tedious exchange of vernacular
with the defendant, "that he is an Aino
from Northern Japan, where perpetual
snow exists and beards are grown and
nurtured to protect the throat from the
severe cold that exists almost throughout
the year. The faces of the women of that
region, he says, also are whiskered,
though less heavily than the men, and
tradition has it that a smooth-faced
female Aino is unbeloved of the gods."
"Do tell," murmured his Honor, and
then he continued the hearing in order to
afford Mr. Sato opportunity to rally
friends to bis aid.
In this country, however, every man
seems to be constantly guarding his
property from theft. Mr. Sato would like
to add that in the Mikado's empire, even
if a man of such respectable ensemble as
he presented did pound a door, no police
man would presume to stay his hand,
much less subject him to the indignity of
arrest and incarceration.
interpreter, was to the effect that he
simply tried to arouse the drowsy in
mates of. and thus obtain admittance to,
the house in which he has dwelt ever
since he came to this disappointing land.
In his own country there never is occa
sion calling for the thumping of a door,
because no man fears unwarranted inva
sion of his domicile.
he loaded his wagon with second-hand
bricks which were piled upon a vacant
lot at North Beach. He had seen other
persons "help themselves in similar
manner, he informed Judge Conlan, and
one man. name not disclosed, had told
him that the bricks were free to any
one who wanted them, and that the
owner of the lot was only too glad to
sac them carted away. Mr. Hansen In
tended to pave the yard of his dwelling
with the bricks which he took. \u25a0
Now, the owner of the property Is the
Globe Grain and Milling Company, and
it was a representative of that corpora
tion. G. B. Ochiltree, who had Mr. Han
sen arrested and charged with larceny.
No person was authorized to remove
the bricks, Mr. Ochiltree told the Judge,
and if other persons had "helped them
selves," as alleged by Mr. Hansen, then
those other persons would quickly find
themselves in a plight similar to that
In which Mr. Hansen there stood.
The Judge continued the case till
next Friday, and Mr. Ochiltree an
nounced his intention to employ the in
terim in scouring the city and recover
ing his missing bricks.
John Sang-ulnetti, retailer of fruits
and vegetables on Seventh street,
handled a side line of alleged whisky
and thus cut into the trade of neigh
boring saloonists so deeply as to impel
them to complain to Patrolman Thomp
son of the illegal competition, Signor
Sanguinetti having no license to sell
alcoholic liquors. So the policeman
disguised himself, visited the Sanguin
etti store and requested the sigrnor to
provide him with ten cents' worth of
whisky, whereupon the signor filled a
pint bottle with amber liquid, handed
it to his visitor and accepted the prof
fered dime.
"And here is what he sold me, your
Honor," said the officer to Judge Fritz,
before whom Signor Sangulnetti was
arraigned on the charge of selling 1 liq
uor without a license.
"Take it away!" hastily exclaimed
the Judge, shrinking from the tendered
exhibit. "It can't be whisky, for that
quantity of anything 1 savoring even
remotely of whisky could not be profit
ably sold for ten cents. It may be an
explosive of some kind — a deadly
weapon. Take it away, and, please,
handle it very carefully. This defend
ant cannot be convicted of selling 1
whisky without license, but he might
possibly be punished, for obtaining ten
cents under false pretenses. Take it
away!" /.
If he had been Czar Nicholas instead
of plain William Glnzberg, the unfor
tunate young Russian could not have
been more enthusiastically battered by
John Francis Green, second officer of:
the steamship Siberia, was taken into
custody yesterday by United States Se
cret Service Agent Richard H. Taylor on
a charge of having obtained naturaliza
tion papers fraudulently; Green was com
mitted to jail in default of $5000 bonds.
Agent Taylor discovered that Green, a
subject of Great Britain, '. came to the
United States in 1900. Two weeks after
his arrival he received a paper purporting
to be a certified copy of naturalization
papers granted in Judge Bahr'a court,
under date of Kovember 8, 1900. The
names of the witnesses on the paper are
William. Cunningham of 733 A Clementina
street, and Alic Carrt of 164 South Park.
The names of George H. Bahrs, Judge,
and William A. Deane, Clerk, are affixed
with a rubber stamp, and the document is
signed with pen and ink in the name of
W. C. Raisch. deputy clerk. The signa
ture is in the same handwriting: as that
of the written part of the certificate. The
paper bears the seal of the court. On the
back is the indorsement, "Voting register,
precinct 16, Assembly District 29, July 7,
1904. Frank A. Taron." indicating that
Green had become registered as a voter
by the presentation of the certificate.
Raisch informed Agent Taylor that his
purported signature was a rank forgery.
Green said that the certified copy had
been handed to him by William Cunning
ham, whose name appears thereon as a
witness. A search of the records' In the
County Clerk's office ehowed that there
was no original of the copy on file or any
minute of Green's naturalization in that
court.
. Upon being "sweated" in the jecret ser
vice office Green admitted that shortly
after having received the pretended copy
of the naturalization certificate he had
presented it to Captains Bolles and Bul
ger, United States local inspectors, and
had been granted an American second
mate's license thereon. He admitted also
that on February 5, 1904, he received from
the same persons on the strengthof the
forged papers an American master's li
cense. He acknowledged that he had
never appeared before any court to apply
to become naturalized, but he was un
able to explain how the fraudulent paper
had been obtained.
Paul Rappmundt, one of the alleged
naturalization fraud conspirators, was
examined before United States Commis
sioner Heacock yesterday for having be
come illegally naturalized on the testi
mony of Ernest Graesner in Judge Gra
ham's court. The hearing was continued
for a few days in order to obtain the at
tendance of an important witness.
Mrs. Nellie Grady, who was arrested
with Miss Virginia Scott in Weinstock,
L-übin &. Co.'s store on. Thursday evening
for shoplifting, grew hysterical and fell
in a swoon when posed before the police
camera yesterday morning. To have her
photograph exhibited in the rogues' gal- '
lery \va.s a prospect that drove her fran- i
tic, a:;d Photographer Blum had to sum- ;
ition Dr. Jones to quJet her. The attempt i
to have her likeness preserved among the
criminal records was given up.
The girl associate was tractable, how
ever, and her photograph was taken. Miss
Scott and Mrs. Grady were escorted to
gether to the gailery, and Mrs. Grady
began fainting when the matron led her
from the celL When the woman finally
ewooned in his arms Blum decided he
had liad enough of the Job.
Captain Cullundan of Morse's detective
fluency and Special Officer Allen identi
fied Miss Scott as having been in trou-
M<» before. In the beginning of April she
and Mrs, Harry Graham, a daughter of
Mrs. Grady, were arrested by Allen In
the Emporium for shoplifting. When
before the manager he refused to
prefer a charge against them owing to
Miss Scott's youth and her promise that
the would- give up her criminal careerl
She admitted her identity, but said that
she had kept her promise till Thursday,
when Mrs. Grady induced her to go out
shopping with her.
It Is said that the girl's parents live at
O'N'eals, Madera County, and that her
father is a retired clergyman. The detec
tives are searching for a young man who
was frequently s^en in her company. She
has an aunt living at 1535V4 Eddy street.
Mrs. Grady is the divorced wife of a
brother of Attorney W. D. Grady. They
'were divorced . in Fresno about fifteen
years ago. Attorney Grady visited her
at the City Prison several times yester
day. She denies that she stole anything,
declaring that she made a profit of be
tween JTS and $9-3 per month from the
l<7dpiiag-house conducted by her at 291
Sixth street, and had no reason to steaL
She endeavors to throw the blame upon
the Scott girl, who does not hesitate to
Fay that they were both stealing when
caught and that Mrs. Grady taught her
10 steal.
yesterday afternoon some of the stolen
property found in trunks in Mrs. Grady's
house was identified at the property
clerk's office by representatives of Davis,
Fehonwasser & Co.. R- D. Davis & Co..
N. -wrr.an & Levinson. Prager & Co. and
the White House. Other firms are yet to
Ye heard from. The articles identified
consist of silk waists, skirts of all de
scriptions and silverware.
That tjie mooted courtesy extended to
foreigners of distinguished mien by the
American people has been most extrava
gantly exaggerated was the opinion ex
pressed to Police Judge Fritz by M. Sato,
a luxuriantly bearded gentleman who re
cently arrived here from his native Japan.
He was charged with having routed the
nocturnal quiet of Dupont street by
vigorously hammering a closed door and
refusing to cease doing so when requested
by Patrolmen Larkin and Maloney.
His plea, as filtered through the official
Becomes Subject of United
- States Two Weeks After
Arrival in the Country
JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
MADE CITIZEN QUICKLY
Representatives of Several
Retail Houses Identify
Goods That Were Stolen
EVIDENCE ACCUMULATES
Avers, Also, That Women of His Race
Cultivate Chin Appendages.
Second Officer Green Taken
Into Custody for Fraud
in Naturalization Papers
Mrs. Nellie Grady, Accused of
Shoplifting-, Causes Scene
When Posed as a Rogue-
Says That Mooted American Courtesy
to Foreigners Is a Delusion.
SIBERIA'S MATE
IN THE DRAGNET
FAINTS BEFORE
POLICE CAMERA
BROWN MAN WITH BEARD
DEPLORES OUR MANNERS
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; AUGUST 5, 1905.
9
% AMUSEMENTS.
COMEDY AND SENSATION!
James J. Morton; Smith and Campbell I
.Hme. Cellna Bobei Orpheum Motion
Pictures, and ! .
PATTY BROTH ERS.
Mr. Alexander Fatty Is the Only Man In
the World Who Actually Walks on
His Head.
Last Times of Mr. S. Miller Kent and
Company; Wilton Brothers; Messen-
ger Boys' Trio, and La Belle Estelllta.
Assisted by Slamor Gabardon.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— IOc. 25c. 00c.
£*m 1 1 RAD I A sas franco's
lEAOI3Q IHEAiB
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT, SUNDAY NIGHT AND
ALL NEXT WEEK
Ezra
Kendall
. In His Laughable Creation,
WEATHER BEATEN BENSON
AN IDEAL LIEBLER & CO. CAST.
PRICES— 2Sc to $1 50.
Coming — "Mrs. Wlggs of the Cabbage Patch."
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
THIRD WEEK.
Performance Begins at o O'clock Sharp
De Koven and Smith's Romantic Comic Opera
ROB R.OY
GREAT SUCCESS OF
KATE CONDON.
ANNA LICHTER,
ARTHUR CUNNINGHAM.
TEDDY WEBB.
FRANK R. HATES.
AND BARRON BERTHALD.
PRODUCTION STAGED BT MAX FREEMAN
First Time at Popular Prices — 23c, 800. 75c
AT /^ A T A T* Belaaco A Mayer.
ALCAZAR zrzrgz.
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATINEE TO-DAY.
Enormous Success of
WHITE WHITTLESEY
In J. K. Hackttt's Comedy of Romance, .
THE FORTUNES
OF THE KING
Evgs., 250 to 75c; Mats. Thurs. Sat. 25c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— WHITE WHITTLESET In
Henry Miller's Greatest Success,
THE ONLY WAY
GENTRAL*!*
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
The Most Sensational Melodrama ot Life In
the West Ever Written — James H.
Waillck's Masterpiece
THE CATTLE KING
HERSCHEL MAYALL IN THE TITLE ROLE
Elegant Scenery: Startling Climaxes!
Mexican Costumes; The Mounted Vaquerost
The Attempted Lynching and the Beautiful
Kentucky Thoroughbred.
PRICES— Eve., 10c to 50c; Mats.. 10c. 15e. 25tf.
MONDAY. An*. T — "NO WEDDING
BELLS FOR HER."
BASEBALL!
PORTLAND vs. OAKLAND
RECREATION PARK.
FRIDAY .....;..:.;;.....\u25a0. 3:30 p. m
SATURDAY 3 p. m.
SUNDAY ........... ...'... 2:30 p. m.
WEEKLY CALL, f 1.00 PER YEAIL
' AMUSEMENTS.
OR AND SS E o!2
GLICKMAN'3
Yiddish Players
Matinee To-Day and To-Morrow
"THE LITTLE RABBI**
TO-XIGIIT
JACOB and ESAU
To-M.orrowHight, "KING SOLOMON"
NEXT WEEK—
HERR ELLIS F. GLICKMAN
tSe Merchant of Venice
Coining — DBMS O'SULLIVAX.
SCHEPPS' DOGS AND PONIES
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon •
and Evening; la the Theater.
CHARLES BIGXEY. Champion
High Direr. . : v r
RIDE OX THE CIRCLE SWI.VG.
See Chlqnlta. "the Mvlnc Doll." Anal*
Redllne, the Plump Lady, and the
Babies In the Infant Incubators.
ADMISSION 10c I CHILDREN 80'
MISCELLANEOUS.
Back East Excursions
Round Trip Tickets to
Chicago S 73 so
St Louis 67 so
Memphis 67 50
New Orleans 67 SO
Kansas City 60 00
Omaha 60 00
St. Paul 70 00
Minneapolis 70 00
Duluth 72 50
Fort Worth 60 00
New York 108 so
Boston 100 SO
Philadelphia XO7 jo
Baltimore 107 00
Washinsrton. D. C 107 00
05 SALE
Joy 24-23-2«.
August 13-18-24-23.
September T-8-SMO-U-18-IT.
Oocd for 90 day*.
DESV33 AND KXTURS $33.03
05 SALE
A nans t 10-11-12-50-31.
Good for 40 days.
Tbea* tlck«u *r« all honored on
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED
ASK THE SANTA JT2.
653 Xarbt Strut
L =
THE
PALACE
Compressed Air cleaning plant
Room telephones
Steam heat and open Krtm.
Perfect ventilation
Pipe organ and orchestra
Perfect service
Unexcelled cuisine
Every luxury ' attainable
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAN A BITTERS. THB
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strtnrth to mxu&l arcana. Depot. 323 AUrk»C
•*' ADVERHSEMEJiTS. .
SINFUL NEGLECT ,
How is it possible for a sane mm with
good teeth to destroy, them through careless
neglect I - SOZODONT is positively bene-
ficial. It has made tho toothbrush habit a
real pleasure. ; >
&dZQDGNT
TOOTH POWDER
the natural complement of SOZODONT
Liquid, Is a beautiful." polisher,' absolutely
free from grit and acid. Are you using It ?
You ought to be. - %
\u25a0 I FORMS LIQUID. POWDERS-PASTS.
POSTUM. CEREAIi.
EVEIt TREAT YOU SO t
Coffee Act* the Jonah and Will Come Up.
A clergyman who pursues his noble
calling in a country parish In lowa,
tells of hig coffee experience:
"My wife and I used coffee regularly
for breakfast, frequently for dinner and
occasionally for supper — always the
very best quality — package coffee never
couid find a place on our table.
-In the spring of JB9C my wife was
taker, with violent vomiting, which we
had great difficulty 1n stopping.
• It soen.od to come from coffee drink-
ing, but we f-ould not decide.
'In the following July., however, she
. ( was attacked a second time by the vom-
iting:. I was away £rom home filling an
appointment at the time and on my re-
. . .ttum I found her very low; she had lit-
erally vomited herself almost to death,
and it took some days to quiet the
trouble end restore her stomach.
"I had also experienced the same
trouble. !>ut not so violently, and had
relieved it each time by a resort to
medicine.
"But my wife's second attack satisfied
me that the use of coffee was at the
bottom of our troubles, and so we stop-
ped It forthwith and took on Postum
Food Coffee, The old symptoms of dis-
ease disappeared and during the. nine
years that we have been using Postum
Instead of coffee, we have never had a
recurrence of the vomiting:. We never ,
weary of Postum, to which we know
Vwe owe our {food health. This is a
'"^ "lmple statemf nt of facts." Name given
*hy Postum Company, Battle Creek,
Mich.
R«ad the little book, "The Road to ]
"Wellville." in each oksr. . J
An Eventful^ at Pragers
SATURDAYMORN- Cooks'*ndWaiters' SATURDAY EVEN-
ING SPECIALS IlglS|ii : ING SPECIALS
8:30 Until 11:30 O'Clock Only P " CeS cwSISIS F '° m 7 Un JUJ2£S hck Onl *
KAYSER'S LISLE THREAD Good quality duck-double-breast- MEN'S TROUSERS
GLOVES .-\u25a0\u25a0 ed —removable buttons. (Main Floor) S
(Main Floor) French Caps During these hours we will offer
These are the Kavser Milanaise A^ on 5Tr CX i ra » "5o the choice of any Sxoo or S*.v>
Lisle Gloves in, white; only: Head Muslin ... .^"c ana -o« trousers in our entire stock. We
; sizes 5to8; 3 rows self-embroid- WAITERS' COATS VESTS have them in worsteds, cassi-
ered \u25a0 backs. Saturday TLT^f nnnnuc meres, cheviots and scotches:
morning only ........... */Jt AND APRONS suitable for outinsr. business or
womemhose G^S .^.. s ?:!! n 7<K JK •"":.. s . D . ce ± 1 $2.45
T7 x 1 a j '„: .t,. f ;, c-, Extra Rood Serge Coat — all double ' '
Extra long and very elastic Sea sewe d . 91-40 iiswinnr Z
Island cotton 'hose: hemmed. ..-Jf 7.."e v 7^*l «r> on LIQUORS
double toe. heel' and sole. Color Church berge Coats **'"* (Fourth Floor)
guaranteed fast black; worth isc Full Dress Vests $1.65 • (^°« rth Floor > j
pair. Saturday morning O- "Church Coats." . finest aualitv Bourbon Whiskey. Sour CC«
only, pair . . . . \u25a0 m beaver— sole agents for San Mash— 7 years old; bottle •/«/«.
urf\nMrk»c iircTC Francisco $G.OO Port- or Sherry— Full quart: extra
WOMtN b VtblD Vests to match— (Church make).. quality; regularly 40c: <)h r
(Main Floor) . $3.00 bottle
Plain and fancy ribbed, low neck wniTFDC RDDnhIQ Remember tbese prices are for
and short sleeves: made of good. WHlttKb HrKUNb Saturday evening only.
K^SS^Sst«2ir^3S' Are made of the finest quality i
around tne neck ana arm size ttr \u0084 „ . \u25a0n J r.._i:_ n • k
with crochet edge, run with wash Indian Head Muslm. CROCKERY I
tape; in white only; regular Regular, 3 for 50c
value 15c. Saturday morn- O r Extra long, each 20c cmira *ioorj
ing price, each UV French, each .-. .30c Sugar and Cream Set— -Fane v deco-
LADIES' NECKWEAR \ l > pair^S^'sSurday^ven-^nl
(Main Floor) \u0084 ! ; pff/fQERS BUTTER COUPON m & onlv ' P air la/%t
This lot includes stocks, tabs and .; .\u2666,\u2666;„„ n t \u2666>,:. : Only one pair to a customer. |
turn-over collars: regular price ! Upon presentation of this ; *
25c and 35c: as they are now ; coupon in our grocery de- , =============««=«===»====———
slightly soiled we will sell them ; partment we will sell you j DESSERT PLATES
Saturday morning only. -f/1/. one square , ; ,««>* * * • *«ij •
---v • 11/ C ./•!_•>\u25a0 White Austrian China — Dainty
CuOlCe f YPZIIYIPYV : r ° se decoration, with pink and
DRAPED VEILS . == WCCIIIICI 7 gold ft scalloped edge . Renbr
WBm^imS Butter for 30c si E^Z£!Z?.l2c
a y ,cl cc h u^.-^29c MiUsS^: SILK SHIRT WAIST SUITS
RIBBONS :| sOLD e AT ai THIS pScI i| Thi fr C t^^cWk n and^
5-inch ombre, the season's new- ' WITHOUT THIS COU- I of , 7 a f. d I 0 °clock. and at no
est ribbon; extensively used \ PON Good only Satur- ! °the/ tim f.' we .w. w , lU ff"£ ff " a *i k
for bows, sashes and hats: reg- ; day; August «;. : : shirt waist special which will be
ular value, yard. 35c Saturday {_ _. , th < lk of K , the A^f n f ranctsco
morning.only. yard J^ — ~ J&S^fi
1 T \u25a0 a^wa ?o 42. Saturday even- tf C /)/)
Having sold the lease and fix- J j l>i jtff f^JT Hi i"S price 4>J.VV
Hires of their former location, <*W ""\u25a0 B L4ll£ fy y^P =»
all business of AI. Prager & /%T W^P- * The usual grand orchestral con-
Sons will hereafter be con- 18, AiMxr* beuabLb * .. v -_ \u25a0
ducted at Pragers. W MAf?K£T*3tfON£S S7S> will take place this evening.
\u25a0 I V MtUtn*M4S*&Un*&**MS9i 7:30 until io oclock.MANAGER OK A. B. SPRECKELS* XAPA STOCK FARM "WITH SOLITAIRE 1
11.. THE PRIDE OF THE ESTABLISHMENT. AND SOME OF THE SPLEN
DID YEARLINGS WHICH ARE READY FOR THE NEW YORK MARKET. [
You might as well, put your money in
real estate. halt's the safest Investment.
The Sunday^ CALL'S realty' columns
\u25a0••«• mrnßtahl* rmmiXlna. . . '.
15.000,000 DAMACK SLIT
IS SETTLED OUT OF COURT
Uwßf H. Robtnoon Compromises Claim
AftafnKt I'rcMdcnl of Uorhara Manu
facturing Company of Providence.
PBOVIPEJw'Ci:. R. L, Aug. 4. — Counsel
for Georpe JTt Robinson to-day . an*
nounced that Robinson's $5,000,000 dam
age suit against Edward Holbrook had
been settled out of court. The terms
of settlement were not made public
Holbrook and Robinson are president
and vJc« president of the Gorham Man
ufacturing: Company oi this city, and
the suit resulted from an alleged viola
tion, of contract by Holbrook to sell
enough shares to give control of the
company to Robinson.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Aug. 4.-Referee
In Bankruptcy Remington to-day took up
the fee claims cf Nathan Loeser for ser
vices as receiver for Mrs. Chadwick, and
also the bills for compensation rendered
by Messrs. Dawley, Kerrush & Thomp
son, the attorneys who defended her
Loeser's claim amounted to $2500. Referee
Remington decided that amount exorbi
tant and several times larger than the
law allowed.
Mrs. Chadwick's lawyers rendered a
joint bill for $2013, giving in detail the as
sistance said to have been rendered to the
court and the receiver by them.
"Our services were In connection with
the preservation of the bankrupt's prop
erty." said Attorney Kerrush. "She had
property in Cleveland, Elyria and Pltts
burg amounting to $500,000."
Remington said the Cleveland property
was well preserved at Ihe time under
tho charge of a deputy. sheriff..
NEW YORK. Aug. 4. — Brudenew Ex
ton, who asserts that his grandfather
was Lord Mayor of Lond£i. is a'pris
oner in the Tenderloin Police Station
under a 'charge of disorderly coriduct.
Exton. who also claims to be an insur
ance broker, is said by witnesses to
have knocked down a woman in front
of a Broadway hotel. Exton stumbled
against the woman by .accident, but
she screamed loudly for help and half
a dozen men jumped upon the unfortun
ate broker at once. He was beaten to
the sidewalk.and in a moment a mob
of • loungers were . attempting to strike
him. A policeman beat his way through
the crowd and rescued Exton from seri
ous injury. He was hustled away and
during excitement the - woman dis
appeared with . her. little daughter, by
whom she was accompanied.
Brudrncw Exton Im Arrested In .\>w
York Through Accidentally Knock
ins Down n Woman.
SAYS' HIS GRANDFATHER WAS
LORD .MAYOR OP LO.VDOJT
.ASHEVILLB, N. C, Aug. V.-Two let
ters and a photograph received to-night
from Fort Worth. Texas, indicate that
tho body of an Englishman which has
laid .unidentified .in a receiving vault in
this city for " nine is that of a
man who claimed to be "Lord Douglas,"
bufwho was In fact known to the police
of Fort Worth as* a bigamist. The photo
graph.-and description accompanying it
fit the body here perfectly, as far as can
be ascertained by a short examination.
The letters, I which" are - from" Mrs. 8. . E.
A. Douglas of Fort JVVorth to the Chief
of ; Police ; here, and from Mrs. Louise H.
Douglas of Lamberts Point, Va.; to Mrs.
Douglas of Texas,' contain evidence of the
statement { that : Douglas was married ; to
at" least four women, the two Mrs. 1 Doug
las known at ' present and ' women in Cali
fornia : and \u25a0' Colorado " from" whom the
firstj Mrs. Douglas has. heard. AHof the ;
women claim; according; to the letters, to'
have been : deserted shortly after mar
riage, and Mrs.' B^ E.\A." Douglas declares
that' Douglas robbed her of all her' money
and jewelry.^ \u25a0-\u25a0;•-';\u25a0 - v - '""'
Bankruptcy Referee Prunes
Down Demands of Mrs.
Chadwick's Lawyers.
Body in North Carolina
iMorgue Is That of Biga
mous Britisher.
WILL NOT STAND FOR
ANT BIG LEGAL FEES
LIES UNIDENTIFIED
FQil' NINE MONTHS
NEW YORK. Aug. 4.— The Metropoli
tan Museum of Arts has purchased In
J Paris, according to an announcement
made yesterday, a piece of statuary be
•£ lleved to be more than 1600 years of
age. The work is a bronze Image of
Caius Vlbius Trebonianus Gallus, one
of the Emperors of Rome, and was dug
up near San Giovanni Laterano about
fifty years ago by Prince Demldoff, the
Russian archeologist, who" was then
making: excavations with the permis
sion of Pope Plus IX. The bronze
when found was in an excellent state
of preservation.
Purchase Is Blade la Paris of Bronze
Image of One of Rome's
STEW YORK MUSEUM ACQUniES
A ICOO YEAR OLD STATUE
The Alameda representatives will be
chosen from. the following: G. Harold
Ward, C. W. Irish, J. H. Saunders, S. M.
Foster, L. H. Wheatley, G. I. • Baugh,
George Croll, F. Croll, W. H. McNaugh
ton, B. Bird, H. Bird and H. D. Samuels.'
It has been the practice' for several
years past to open the cricket season
with a match between the Pacific and
Alameda teams, and such a contest was
placed at. the. head of the schedule by
the committee this year,*,but the ground
not being 1 ready the match was dropped.
The two teams met, for; the first time
this season on June 11, when the Pacific
team won by a score of 179 runs against
97. The second contest between the two
old rivals took place on July 9, when,
though the Alameda; team made a better
score than it had done a month', before,
the Pacific eleven won . its second vic
tory by a score of 171 to 124. <-, In to
morrow's team: H. ,D.* Bowly, C. Robin
son and H. C Casidy will j take 'the
places of ,W.. Petherickl; Norman , Logan
and F. Lewin, who played on July 10. F.
A. Stahl will ibe absent \ from the Ala
meda eleven to-morrow.. ;. : \u25a0;
Red and Black. Eleven I, arks Petherlck
and nine and Whiten Are With- 1 \u25a0
oat Stiihl.
The Alameda and Pacific cricket
elevens will meet to-morrow . for the
third time during the^ present season on
the cricket ground at Webster street,
Alameda. The red and black of the Pa
cific Club will be worn by E. H. M. Lan
nowe (captain). I-:. H. Wilkes, 11. D.
Bowly. H. R. Elliott, C. Robinson, D. B.
Jamieson, Dr. O. N. Taylor, A. W. Wild
ing, H. C. Casidy, J. J. Theobald and H.
N. Storrs.
ALAMEDA AXD PACIFIC MEN
PLAY THIRD MATCH SUXDAY
collection to go East next Thursday is a
chestnut filly -by Solitaire 11. She is
as handsome a looking youngster as
was ever bred in this State. Another
likely looking one is a bay colt by
Marius out of Maya II and a full
brother to Descuento, which won seven
straight races and was never beaten.
A big bay colt by Solitaire out _of
Straight Tip is considered by Manager
Berry to be the \u25a0" cream of the lot
as far as looks and make-up are con
cerned. Th!s colt is a wonder for size
and form and if nothing happens to him
he should be heard from in some of the
big .events of the metropolitan turf
when he starts. Mr. Berry expects that
this colt will bring a Icing's ransom at
the sale in New York.
A bay colt, a full brother to the stake
winner Voorhees, is expected to bring out
some lively bidding when he is led into
the ring. There is also a full brother to
Daruma, which was a frequent winner at
Oakland last spring.
During the last six years the Napa
Stock Farm has averaged more high
grade yearlings than any other farm
In the country. Its facilities are well
adapted to good breeding and the
climate is just right for horses. Mr.
Spreckels and Mr. Berry believe that
they will break all records this year
at the sale.
Imp. The 'Judge %is a winner 'and
a sire of winners. He was foaled in
England in 1831 andis by Loyalist/He
was imported as aVyearling and 'during
his career on the turf b* brought home
many ' rich ' purses.-. He was 'a stable
mate of Butterflies, ..which: won the . Fu
turity some years [ ago, and • could always
beat • her until he went ; amiss. •
One, of the/ finest yearlines of the.
The colts this year are unusually large
and handsome looking. Mr. Berry says
they are the most perfectly developed lot
of youngsters he ever laid eyes on, and
he has been training horses, and
watching them run for the last twenty
five years. He is enthusiastic over the
animals, as is Mr. Spreckels, master of
Napa Stock Farm.
Imp. Solitaire 11, the sire of most of
the youngsters, is a wonderful stal
lion. \u25a0 He is by Ayrshire, one of the
racehorses of his time. , The
lattnr's winning's . on - the turf amount
ed to $179,575. Among his: great vic
tories were the Rylar Plate at Windsor,
Chesterfield stakes at Newmarket,
Prince of Wales stakes at Goodwood,
Riddlesworth, 2000 guineas, the Cham
pagne stakes at Doncaster and many
otlftr notable events.
Solitaire, did not start in his second
xear. but as a three-year-old he; ran
second to Skopos for the Llmekin
stakes at Newmarket. At four, he was
twice first, twice second, twice third
and unplaced for the. Goodwood cup and
in two other races. Since that time
Solitaire has started in many famous
events on the British turf and brought
home many rich prizes.
Imported .Marcus .-has. also., a good
record in England/ As a two-year
old he was second for. the Steward's
Nursery handicap at; Hurst ; Park,' con
ceding twelve pounds to the winner for
the six furlongs. At four he won the
Hartwell plate T at one mile at North
ampton; carrying 124 pounds. As a
five-year-old he won the-Castle Ashley,
handicap at a'milejand.a half by six
lengths. Martus was sired .by St. Serf,
one of thebest thought of stallions of
his , day. . '\u25a0' \ :I /; -V
Twenty-four of the finest looking year
ling thoroughbreds ever shipped out of
the State will leave Adolph B. Spreckels"
Napa Stock Farm next' Thursday
morning for New York, there to be auc
tioned off. For many years past Napa
Stock Farm has had the reputation of
producing \u25a0 : great horses and i \ Manager
George Berry says that the present con
signment surpasses any ever bred there.
Most of the yearlings are by imp.
Solitaire 11, a sire which is known
from ocean to ocean. Imp. Marius; imp.
Crlghton, Libertine ' and Imp.' The
Judge are also in the stud at the Napa
Stock Farm and have sired several of
the great yearlings, which bid fair to
bring higher prices than any heretofore
shipped from the farm.
youngsters Will Soon Be
Heard From on the
Big Tracks.
Manager Berry Expects
to Break Record
at Auction,
Instead of joining the up-river cruise
of the Corinthians, Jack Short and Carl
Westerf eld, accompanied by F. McWll
liams,, Frank Maroney, Stanley Fay and
Dave Dean, will start next Saturday
for an ocean cruise in the schooner White
Wings to Santa Cruz and Monterey. The
White Wlnss sailed up to Vallejo last
Saturday, and during the week will be
put on the beach for a scraping and
cleaning. The party will make Its head
quarters at Santa Cruz, going out on
dally cruises. Charles Morrell, owner of
the White Wings, is going on an auto
mobile tour and has given the use of his
schooner to Short and Westerfeld.
The Oakland Canoe Club has a special
contest for racing canoes on Its pro
gramme for to-morrow, and a special
race for cruising canoes is set down .for
Sunday. August 13.
The Pacific Interclub Yacht Associa
tion will hold its annual meeting at an
early date for the purpose of winding up
the past year's business. The new as
sociation will organize and at once pro
ceed with the preliminary arrangements
for the tenth annual regatta of the P.
I. Y. A., to take place on Admission day.
Delegates to the association have been
appointed by the San Francisco, Corin
thian, California and Vallejo. yacht clubs,
leaving the Encinal and South Bay clubs
to be heard from.
As the tide begins to ebb at 3:05 this
afternoon at Fort Point it is not favor
able for a run up the bay. It is high
vater at 3:50 to-morrow afternoon, so
that yachtsmen will find no difficulty
in making moorings, though the hour
may be somewhat later than usual.
Next Saturday the San Francisco
Yacht Club members \u25a0will cruise to
Petaluma drawbridge, returning to
Sausallto next day. On the same day
the Corinthians start on their annual
trip up the Sacramento River, return
ing on Sunday to moorings at Tiburon.
It is the only event set down on the
schedule of the Corinthian Yacht Club
for the present month. ,
made to hold the annual race for the
Wallace trophy to-morrow. The prin
cipal and probably the only contestants
for the trophy will be Commodore Rob
ert Vincent's yawl lola, J. J. Sherry's
new racing machine Perhaps, the yawl
Gypsie and the sloops Alert and Jes
sie E.
There will be a reception and dancing
at the Quarters of the San Francisco
Yacht Club to-night and to-morrow the
yachtsmen will cruise as they please.
The Corinthians have no event on their
programme for to-day or to-morrow.
The California Yacht Club has a cruise
to Sheep Island on its programme for
this evening and the annual clam bake
for ' to-morrow. An attempt may be
The new club comprises three classes
of members: Men paying an> entrance
fee of $25 and dues of $5 a month;
ladies (unless the wife of. a regular
member) paying an entrance fee of
$15 and dues of $1 50 a month, and
Juniors paying $1 a month. The ladies
have the privileges of the , clubhouse
and links at all times, subject to such
rules as may be adopted. The wife Of
a regular member may join the Ladies'
Annex without payment of an entrance
fee. The money derived from entrance
fees will be devoted to furnishing the
clubhouse or to other uses determined
by the council.- \u25a0 . .
On Wednesday, August 16, the fourth
handicap tournament of the California
Women Golfers' Association will be held
on the links of the Linda Vista Golf Club
at San Jose for the northern division,
and on the course of the Los Angeles
Country Club for the southern division.
Mrs. R. G. Brown, \u25a0 secretary of the
California Women's Golf Association, as
sisted by the ladies' captain of the Linda
Vista Golf Club, and Mrs. C. M. Shan
non, assistant secretary of the C. W. G.
A., aided by the ladies' captain of- the
Los Angeles Country Club, will arrange
and manage the event.
The northern division embraces the San
Francisco Golf and Country Club, the
Claremont Country Club, the San Rafael
Golf Club, the Burlingame Country Club,
the Sacramento" Golf Club, the Menlo
Golf Club and the Linda Vista Golf Club
of San Jose. In the southern division are
included the country clubs of Los An
geles, Pasadena, Riverside, San Diego
and San Gabriel. The last named club
has a fine course, on which it is likely
that the October tournament will beheld.
On the last day of July the San Fran
cisco Golf and Country Club gave up
its clubhouse adjacent to the military
reservation and the Presidio Golf Club
entered into possession. The council of
the new club, which was organized on
June 28, consists of Bernard Faymon
ville, president; L. B. Edwards, vice
president; F. 8. . Kellam, secretary;
James Rolph Jr. and L. I. Cowgill.
The clubhouse was purchased from
the San Francisco Golf and Country
Club by a real estate firm, and will be
put into thorough order.
Humboldt and Pocatelli and
Gambit and Fiery, Baden
Are Carded at Union Park
One of the coursing events of the year
will be pulled off at Union Park to-mor
row, when Pocatelli and Humboldt hook
up in the first content of the Grand Na
tional stakes. The series will consist of
the best three out of five races, and as
both dogs are full of speed and gameness
everything points to a spirited siege from
the moment the first hare is slipped.
Another interesting race will be the
trial between Gambit and Fiery Baden,
the two imported greyhounds. The latter
dog is a recent arrival from over the
pond and is said to be a wonder. He is
but thirteen months old, yet he is said to
possess all the cleverness and staying
powers cf a veteran campaigner. The
race will consist of one trial and will be
for a purse of 5100.
• Besides these two special races the Un
ion Park management has two other
good c-vents on the card— the champion
etake and the reserve stake. Both events
contain a number of likely looking en
tries and give promise of some lively
sport.
At Ingleside Park the running will com
mence this morning at 11:30 o'clock, when
the reserve etake will be run. This event
will probably be completed before the day
Is over, so that there will be plenty of
time on Sunday to complete the other
three stakes on the card.
. Probable winners at Union:
Grand National Champion stake— Humboldt.
Special match rac* — Gambit.
Champion stake — Rocked Asleep, Flower
Girl, Panoche, Gold Chain, Agile Spurt, Hud-
Bon, Richard Anton and Traiee's B«st.
Reserve etake — Young Johnny Hex, Angus
Clssus, Blase, Mavis Clair, Sea Uon, Fiery
Rock, Ennis, Shotg-un. Blue Craig, Race King.
Lady Leeds, Black Coon. Texas Mamie. Glaii
cus, Bart&gis, R/?al Pa-«ha, Frank Dunn, Miss
T>omestic. .Texas Jill, Muggsy. Earl. Northern
Flyer, Bon Ami, lna Cis&us, Aur.ty Tralee,
Orslna, Rustic Rocker, Barney Rey. Young
Pepper, Jack Short. Ro»fna Belle, Renegade
Apache, Sunnybrook, Lord Brazen, Aggie
Rocker and La Garcia.
Probable winners at Ingleside:
CiaEa stake — Silver Heels, Foxhunter. Red
Pepper, Sampler, Freeport, Valley Pride, Po
mona, Courdy, Tillie R, La Rosa. Belle Fte*.
Lancashire Lad.
Reserve stake— Capital Lady. Young Fear
1 «-«•*. Tom King, Cubanola, Oalveston, Lady
Kelp, Royal Friend, Loretta, Sir Winton, Doc
Burnt, Our Motto, Fair Flying, Anna Ryne,
Menlo Belle. Belle Marie. Little Plunger.
Open etake— Sunny Ehore. Ruby Sankey,
Royal Eolrit. In Time. Slroc, Golden Buck,
lone Hill. Little Claurte, Icellus, Bright Co
lumbia. Pacha King, Peerless Beauty, Young
Mollle, Fairmount Las?, Potrero Grande, Miss
Lucille, Fontenoy, Fenii. Doretta, Lady Hon
esty. Polka Dot. May S, Hot Shot. Aurella.
Fortunate Dawn, Peerleee Patti, Mary Patton,
Hermit. Bright Pearl, Siren. Little Mercy and
Mis* Brewer.
Women Players to Compete
in Handicap Tournament
on the Linda Vista Links
Corinthians Arrange Cruise
to Monterey Bay in the
Big Schooner White Wings
[ PORTLAND. Aug. 3.— While racing has
been hanging in the balance awaiting the
decision of Judge Frazler as to whether
i or not the management of the Multno
• mah Fair Association shall close the
j gates of Irvington Park, the racegoing
j public of Portland has enjoyed seven days
lof excellent sport. Like the man that
j started for the North Pole attired In a
lawn tennis suit. Captain Spencer feels
ias if he had been frozen out. The cap
! tain, who is agent for Mrs. Ryan, owner
| of Irvington track, and in behalf of hl3
j client Dixon, the latter a nephew of Mrs.
Ryan, asked for 50 per cent of the bet
ting ring. He was proffered 20 per cent,
which met indignant refusal, and then
began" the crusade of the steamboat man
"to have the lid put on." Apparently
Captain Spencer Is alone in his tight. Th«
town itself is closed, and the gambler
capable of making a short deck look Ilk*
a dry goods box has no more chance ol
making a living here than a cobbler
would have down on the Solomon Islands.
There is considerable loose change float-
Ing around, the possessors of which
manifest a marked desire to do some
guessing. Under such existing conditions
it is not difficult to see why Captain
Spencer et al. have so few sympathizers.
Five regular and one combination boob
accomodate the wants of speculators at
Irvington Park. The prices paid are not.,
as high as those at the first, second and
third class hotels here, but are a big
improvement over the Seattle freeze-out
game. Hughey Jones again figures the
ring odds, while George Oxnard, the
"overnight quotation king." presides over
the destinies of the combination stand.
Johnny Humphrey is another well-known
Frisco layer on the block.
Frank St. D. Skinner of San Francisco '
presides in the stand with Robert Leigh
ton of Vancouver as associate. Horaca
H. Egbert ably nils the position of handi
capper. Sam McGibben makes an ideal
clerk of the scales and needless to say
Jack Dinuc, another California Jockey
Club employe, acts as paddock judge
and announcer with his accustomed ef
ficacy. Frank Cusack, the well-known
turf writer, was appointed patrol judge.
Dick Williams reached Portland on Fri
day last from Buffalo with a strin* ol
fifteen good performers. Reservation and
Silver Sue being among ths numuer.
Jack Atkins and Fred Jackson (Bis
Jack) are also recent arrivals. They re
port a raft of horses.' turfmen, bookmen
and bookmakers' clerks as participating
at Latonia, but say money was not
plentiful. If the outlaw ruling Is r»>
Yoked by the Western Jockey Club Cor»
rigan claims he will rule the Middle West
next year— and ruin It too.
Although great things were claimed for
Laidlow, as a .sprinting wonder. Flying
Fox. the star of the Denver meet, could
carry a 175 chauffeur and easily take his
measure.
Emmett Loague heads the jockeys with
eight winning mounts, closely pressed
by Benny Powell. T. Clark. J. Clark and
Graham. Powell Is an aiert youngster,
and has a chance, it would appear, to
make a first-class rider.
Before the thermometer bits another
high spot and the pencil Is meltei.. It
might be mentioned lnferentlally that the
Seattle syndicatora washed out $13,000
during their recent summer clean-up. And
this without the use of a diamond drill,
rocker or wine press. Guess that was a
bad jam to get caught in.
Sam Jones is out of luck. Mlsty*s Prldt
failed to earn a set of brackets at Seattle.
The mare finished second to H. L. Frank
at Irvington on Tuesday, and pulled us
with a badly Bruised foot.
There Is a lull In the selling-race war.
The best tilt "occurred on irrlday. When
foreman for Charley McCafferty at Oak
land last winter George Strate gave Dr.
Rowell's Best Man a boost. When Dun
dreary won last Friday tne veterinary
evened up things by taking the gelding
away from Strate for $400>
Al Dobson's rehabilitates racer Epicure
has on two occasions finished second at
the meeting. On Saturday, in the mile
handicap, he was an extensively backed
4 to 5 choice, and Judge won In hollow
i fashion. The latter hors» seems to hava
; regained his best form.
; MARINE COLLISION INVESTIGATED.—
Captains Holies and Hulser. United State*
vocal Inspectors, began an Investigation yes
terday Into a collision which occurred on the >
bay on July is between the steamer Robert
Dollar, and a bante In tow of th« tv» Tixer.
The barge sank after having been towed to th«
UZJ &££. he Inquiry will b* re«iun*4 Mta
FRED E. M ULHOLLAND.
With the annual coast championship
tournaments less than a month off. the
local tennis cracks are putting in every
spare moment before the nets to con
dition themselves for the most important
events of the year. The Golden Gate and
California clubs will enter quite a num
ber of cracks who are not without a
chance of annexing the high honors. It
j is expected, however, the Southern Cali
fornia contingent will prove too formid
able for the local talent.
There are fewer piuyers of champion
ship caliber in this part of the State than
ever before and not more than two or
three veterans who will compete. There
are some new men o- great promise, but
as yet they cannot be depended upon.
Percy Murdock, although twice defeated
this year, looks to be the strongest player
in the bay counties. He has played ten
nis in the past that is up to the standard
of the men from the south and if he can
get back into this form he will stand
an excellent chance to carry off tne
honors.
George Baker of the Golden Gate Club
is another player who will give a good
account of himself if he competes. He
is as steady as an eight-day clock, but
it is doubtful if he has the speed to win
the highest honors. '
Fred Adams I and Carl Gardner are two
cracks who jumped into prominence this
year and at times play the game well
enough to beat any of the cracks. Each
has won a championship event this year
and. they will be by no means outclassed
in the coming tournaments.
Reubui Hunt, the Alameda expert, who
has made a good showing in the East
in the last two years, will also be in the
competition, and if he plays up to his
Eastern form would undoubtedly have a
fine chance to win. Hunt's showing at
San Rafael last year was a great dis
appointment, but he may surprise the
talent this time.
There will be at least four players from
I Southern California in the competition,
and they will all play an important part.
Ex-Champion Bell will not be here, and
the strongest player looks to be Hal
Braly. The latter played at San Rafael
three years ago and worked his way to
the semi-finals. He has undoubtedly im
proved since then, as he has been carry
ing off the honors in the south regularly
this year.
It is expected F. Elliott. Eugene Over
ton, Simpson Sinsabaugh and one or two
others will make the trip north and have
a try at the honors. AH three are clever
players, especially Overton, who at
times plays a remarkably fast game.
The famous Sutton sisters will be on
hand to defend their titles, and Miss
May will unquestionably prove the stel
lar attraction. Her wonderful record in
England this year has made her world
famous and the local enthusiasts con
sider it auite a treat to be able to see
her in action. It is expected she will
play even better than last year, when
she won quite easily.
Her sisters. Miss Florence and Mis*
Violet, have also improved, and one or
the other will make the champion extend
herself in the challenge match.
No tournaments are scheduled for the
local courts, this week's play being con
lined strictly to practice.
The annual Southern . California cham
' pionshlp tournaments are being played
\u25a0 this week. ' Eugene Overton Is the sin
'*gles champion, the doubles 'champions
! being S. M. Sinsabaugh and T. Hendrlck.
j The Sutton sisters and all of the cracks
\u25a0 who will compete at San Rafael are
I entered in the various events.
GOLFERS HAVE
NEW CLUBHOUSE
AMATEUR TARS
TO MAKE MERRY
FLEET COURSERS
IN MATCH RACE
Local Backet Wielders Are
Getting Ready for Coast
Tournament Next Month
Although Captain Spencer
Wants to Stop the Game,
Bookies Are Sure to Win
TENNIS CRACKS
HARD AT WORK
LIVELY MEET
AT PORTLAND
THOROUGHBREDS FROM FAMOUS NAP A STOCK FARM LEAVE SHORTLY FOR EAST
SPORTS
SPLENDID LOT OF YEARLINGS READY FOR SHIPMENT
the san Francisco; call, Saturday, august 5, .1905.
10JIMMY GARIWER WHO FINISHKD-- :
RUFE TURNER ' T^AST NIGHT IN v, \
ELEVEN- ROUNDS. • .',.'. . :\
The! first attempt to illustrate news
was made In 1607. It depicted a flood
in Monmouthshire. England..
Horse racing >h Italy, is dead stnee
the /Introduction of automobll* speed
con-ests.
DREW. A . REVOLVER.— Berkeley, Aug. 4.—
Bam Fisher, "Probably, 'the ;.most /notorious -if
not the most noted man: In 1 Berk t ley,' was ar
rested to-night Z and \u25a0 : a \u25a0 charge ; of .* attemat ". to
commit murder replaced .'.\u25a0 against >hlm.:>. Fieher
had' some: words, with v Alfred Moore " and Lon
Oilvln. i He drew. a revolver upon them and
they had him arrested. I jagffiLM^tMißt!S**>'a^sS!g
CITY PAYS ; FOR \u25a0 LANO.—Sherlff Curtis
yesterday} made a \u25a0 demand! on the City , i"reas
,urer" v for "the "pay went "V to \u25a0' John ' T Benson 'of
?48,050,' : the; value, of a block of ilaml on tha
line s of ., the; yro^oscd -:Park ; aud '*\u25a0 Presidio exten
sion/,between : ; Thlrteentlj. ami ; Fourteenth ave
nues.' -Action '.was taken j as. the rtttult o.»-con
demnation proceedings 'instituted -by. the: city
and •\u25a0 tho : money ..was \u25a0_ jsa!d > over to the - Sheriff
d;k ; the ;.Cny. Treasurer. . ... ' . \u25a0 "
POINT RICHMOND, Aug. 4.— The
citizens of Point Richmond ; celebrated
thVf\ictofy I for h incorporation to-night
by: a "'grand ilemonstration. .There j was
an impromptu , : parade -that . marched
witti'music* and around the
streets, vwhicb are now to bo improved,
winding ''up : with a ' band concert and
tirework* display on.'.Ntehbll ."Khbb| "a
highfhllliback.of ;the town. .Ten bar
rels .of oil were_ burned a' large
number of rockets and other tire works.
RICHMOND;. "CELEBRATES.
Run In th"e"F*T«< \u25a0Innlnsr WlnW the fiame
I •'\u25a0•'\u25a0'\u25a0."for Taooma. - \u25a0 .-
TACOMA; . Ati£v»4.-4The : Tiger." gave
Kmc'rsoni good .support to-day."; and,": al
though; wild.v n« -was a ; puzzle* to the
San"'Fr.inc!sro team.*-' TJie^visitors t re-'
quently reached "the v- bases, but the
!jecessf<ry : hit could; not; be found. .Two
f ust *dr.ublf; : pla s ; » .' h.^PeS Emerson out.
In -the sixth.'' with one out, Eagan \u25a0com-,
pleted .'"'a.: double play unassisted.'^ Jt
v/bu Id havolbef rr, a' triple ; had 'not - Vno
been ' out. A: Tni the"; ninth Emof son was
in;a^hole.'* i wlth^ two down.;. Irwin ...hit
for. two j sackB>*&nd' Nealon wal ked ; -Wi I
son' i»u t j i t ! up ' to er, but h'«s sstrucks > truc k
out,'- and/.Emerson^hadix saved? his "own
game. ' iHitt was very/efCective. l; ln the ,
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 4.— The ladies*
handicap tournament play over the nine
hole toursfof the San Rafajl Golf Club
links' to-day, for. a club trophy was won
by : Mrs.sF.'W.-Skaife. net score 51. with
Jliss Alice Hoffman second, net score 52.
and" Miss Edith Chesebrough third, net
bocre Zo. v*\. -\u25a0
-\%>st Virginia Homeman la Fatally Cut
in" Four-Handed^. Duel "at ; "-.
' ",'_': Hnntlneton. \u0084 . .; , '\u25a0'.
HUNTIXGTON, W. Va., Aug. 4. — Cap T
tain William Crocker, prominent 'hotel
keeper and horseman, was , fatally, cut
in an encounter to-day with P.-H.Terg
man of this city, F.^H."- Ingram and
Walter Mayhew of Ohio, air well-known
horsemen, artd an; unknown jockey.-who
escaped into. Kentucky. other men
have been, arrested." ;.The:Cutting:grew
out of .a controversy _. between Crocker
and Ingram . over Crocker's i horse I being
ruled out of .arace^yesterday.- " r :\,
Pp*cial« Dispatch to The CalL
NEW. YORK, Aug. 4.— There was an
uiiunuaily lartre pratherins of spectators
at" the Staton Island "~CricUet Club's
grounds at Wvingrston to-day when, the
international match between an eleven
from trie Marylebone Cricket Club of
England and a picked eleven from the
Metropolitan District Leag-ue of New-
York was bosun. Each side completed
its first innings, the local men scoring
56. one more than the British players.
The visitors r began their second
innings a. littl«» before C o'clock, but lost
their first wicket for seven runs. The
feature, of -the day was the closeness of
the total scores.
The bowling of the local men was
excellent: *"
Featnre of the Day* Piny I« Clo»ene«i«
of Seiire at End of Klrxt
Innings.
STABBED TO. DEATH IW .
QUARREL OVER A RACE
INTEHXATIOVAL THICKET
AT STATEX ISIiA!VJ> CLUB
MS- "SivAIFE WINS
THE GOLF TROPH\ r
PORTLAND Aug. 4.— The ravoritea
split the card at Irvtngton Park- this
afternoon, three winning 1 tn the events.'
The public and the bookies overlooked
Watereiire. which had been suffering
from a bad leg-. At 10 to 1 he beat the
even' money favorite. Blissful, to the
.wire-by a head in the sixth race at a
mile and an eighth. It was a smash
ing good race, but little money changed
hands-on the winner. S. A. Davis sold
Dlxelle. .who finished fourth In thia
race, to !». C. Williams and bought from
•Williams the winner." Watercure.
Toupee finished a length to the good
in th 6 H. Baldwin \u25a0 Smith handicap.
Good Cheer, the much touted mare, who
showed well at Latonia. finished like a
cheap selling plater away to the rear.
The summary:
First race, six and a half furlongs— Great
Mogul, 7 to 'i 7 to 5, 7't» 10. won: Paul E.
Jones. 2 to 1, even, second; Little Adele, ftjo
3.- third. Time. 1:22.
S»ccnd race, six and a half furlongs — El
Vatraco. 2 to I. 7 to 10. 1 to 3. won; Dr.
Sherman. "B to 3. " to 10. second: Hollyberrj.
even, third. Time. 1:22.
Third race, frve furlongs — Alencon. 3 to 5. -
to 5. 6ut." won; Mabel Bates, even. 2 to 5. sec
end: LUht-of-Ztay. 1 to 3. third. Time. l:yi
Fourth race, six furlwigs. H. BaWwtn smtth
handicap, value *3Si>— Toupee. 7 to 2. 6 to S.
3 to 5. won: Sea<Alr. 2 to 1. «v«n. second :
Conreid. 1 to 2. third. Time, 1:14^.:
Fifth race, six furlongs— The Lieutenant. *
\u25a0 to 1. S to 1. ««n. .won; Lnstlj. even. 3 V>9.
! second: Bodolpho. even, third. T m«.. tMY*.
Sixth rate, one and an eljrhth miles—Water
cure. 10 to l.'Sto 1. 3 ta 2. won: BttasfuK 3
to 3. out, second: Diamante. » to l<v third.
nine. I:SWi. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
; By the New York Morning: Telegraph..
First rnr«>—Mr«. Frank Foster, Jnnien
V, Pipe.
"Second" race— Dynasty, I.lttle Ked,
Lnlu Yoiinsr. - ~- /
; '['liiril rare — -livtl ' Car, Picktlnte, Sam
Parnier.
- Koirrth rnee— Onr Bessie, Baikal, Pi
rate. Polly.
Fifth race— Hoi t'ta E, C.tiilchon, Skep
tical. \ /
. rnre— The Thrall, Reeve*,
Plantngenet.
SnrrDirnrv*— lnk, Ren Fonno, Kins
of the Vnllfj". :
FOS:T ERIE SELECTIONS.
Captures the Last Kacc
From Blissful at the
Fair City.
WATERCUBE COMBS'^
L\ AT TEN TO ONE
first •'.Doyle ' Walked and Sheehan saorl
ficsd. Doyle scored when Hitt threw
the bnll into center iifcld to catch him
at second.
In the sixth Nordyke hit safely and
stole second. Dngan drew a double fly
hit ;. find Nonlyke re^isttred. ] Perrin-3
isalU'd - him out lor not toucningr third
bas*\' Peirino's work was poor, and
both sides rotiEtvd him round liy.
Althpiigh won.on's uay. the .ladles
wen* charged admission; this money ro
ing into the parso being raised by the
Tacornans for the pennant winners.
Score:
\u0084"? TACOMA.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Doyle', r. f..... :....:< 1 1 10 0;
ghechan. 3b 3 0 0 2 3 0
Nordyke. I b « ' » 1 SO 0
Kagan. 8. c. 3 0 2 2 \u00841 1
M 4 Laughiln. 1. f. ...... :« 0 1 10 0
I.yr.ch, \u25a0«. f. .'.2 0 0 1 10
Caw-}-, 2b ... ....... .", 0 0 2 2.0
Graham, c. .....10 0 10 0 0
Kmerson, p. 3 0 0 0 2 0
Totals :,..... ....."..26- 1 ' 5 27/11:, 1.
SAN FRANCISCO.
• AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Spencer.fr. f. -2 0 0 1 0 »
Waldron, c. f. 3 0 .0 2 0 v
Mohler 2h ;...... .2 0 0-1.2 0
HlldeUrand. 1. f \u25a0* \u25a0• 0 0 1- .(» 0
Irwin.ob 4 n 1 o 3 0
N#nlon. lb 2 0 0> 9. •».',»
Wilson, c. ' .'2 0~'(> 9.1 C
•Wheeler.... 1 0 0 0 0 O
Gochnauer, ' s: s .'.. 3 o 0 0 0 0
Hitt. P. ........J5 _0 JO. -V _1
!•\u25a0-'• Totals '•'..' ......2U 0 2«i-J 8 1
i .'.•.•Batted- for '\u25a0_ Wilson in* ninth inning. . /.
••Nordyke out for fall In- .to touch base^ ;
' RUNS AND; HITS BY, INNINGS.. '.
I San Francisco . . 0 0 0,0- 0. 0 0 0 0— 0
Base hlta ... ...0 0 ,I! 0\u25a0 0 0;0: 0 1— •£
Tacoma ......... 1 »>OOO 0.0.0 x— I
!- Uasa hits 1 o"0 1 1 2 0 0 x— B
SUMMARY.
J -Struck ; out— By . Emerson - 10. 'by Hitt §. :
Bases on balls— By Emerson 5, Hitt 1./ Hit by
pitcher— Lynch 1, Nealon 1. Wlld-pltch-^-Em-
I trson: "•. Pafscd'i ball — Wilson."* Stulen ' bases— :
Ncrdytte, Nealon. ; Sacrifice hlta— ijheehau,
-Waldrori..* Two-base aiits-^Eagan • <5). Me-.'
LauBhlln,"*> Irwin. t -First . base .• on . t-rror— San
, Franci&co i. 1 . . Duuble ; plays^ — Lynch to \u25a0 Casey :
l Eagan -unassisted. Left on bases — TRcoma"4,
San- Francisco, : 7- TTlme :of fiame— One hour
and > 43 "minutes." '>UmDlre—-Perrine.- -
SARATOGA SELECTIOJTS.
By th» New York- Morning: Telegraph.
Flr«t rs<*e— Scotch Plume, Jocund,
Alcwr.
«ie]>i>n<l rare — C'ollsn >-, Sandhurst*
Preogrnvev*^": . '•
Third race — Onklawn, Battleuxe, Mo
ha-.vk 11.
Vi.nrrh me* — Dnndellon, Sparkllnac
Stnr. Yon Tromp.
Fifth race — Uncle I rish, Creenerest,
Pnlm Tree.
sivth race— Blandy,' Prince Hnmbursr,
Wotan.
SiwsKtiM Defeat \u25a0ton Angelea by Score
. of JFlve to Two.
SEATTLE. Auk- 4.— By .playing all
around good ball Seattle made it three
straight to-day. Los Angeles got a run
in the first inning, because .Harper
dropped the ball after Hart had thrown
Flood out at the plate. .Clean hits by
Brashear, Ross and Cravath gave them
another in the ninth. Blankenship re
placed Harper after the first Jnning. be
cause Hamper could not hold the speedy
shoots of Charley Hall, who pitched one
of his old-time games. -The locals were
stronger in the field .and at the bat
and were faster on the bases and won
out on: their.' merits..." Score:
• ~ .AB, R. BH. PO. A. E.
Wftltern. rf ..;.....:-.-.= 5 0 3 . .0 0 0
Ksne.. 3b ....... .'.'".• r-v 5 °- « -,1, 1 J l
Harper, c' ..0 00 1 1 1
BlankenFhlp, c 4 1 3 . 1 0
Hart.. cf •....;.. 2 0 1-21 l>
FrJck, 2b .............. »<> 11 5 l>
Houtz. If .............. 2 1. 0 I^.o 0
Frary. lb ......:...... \ 219 00
R. Hall, ss: ......a 1" 2 5 2 ft
C." Hall. p.f........-....._4 _0 _0 J> J ;j)
Totals 't:.V.A.'.'.'."...»' 5 IT 27 13 1
L<3S ANGELES. '
' AB. R." BH. PO. A." E.
Bernard, cf.... •-• 2 0 0 2 1 0
Kagar. cf ••••• 2 0 0 2 0 o
Flood. 2b .............. 3. 1 0 2 3/0
Smith. 3b t :. 3 0 1 1 2 o
Dillon. 1b\.......-...-- * ° \ I I J
Brashear. ss ........... -4 1 2 2 0 .1
Ross. If :...... ..•• * 0 2 10 0
Cravath. rf * ° 2 t.\ O O
w ie Ha n. P :::::: ...so i o 2 . i
•Gray .!.. .-;...... 1'- 0 0 0 O 0
Totals ........ -i-- .-1* " 9 24 13. 3
•Batted for W. Hall in ninth inning. '
RUNS AND l HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle" ....7A 10, 2 0 1 0 fti x— 5
Ba«« hts ..42021110 x— ll
Lo. An? « 100 0 0 .). f» 01- 2
gSfie wIS .:::.i 1.12.0100 a -.is
..,.....,, \u25a0 \u0084T. -SUMMARY. .-.---..-'..., . .
Earned runs— Seattle- li. Los Angeles 1.
Sacrifice hits— Hart;; Frlck. Frary. R. Hall.
Stolen ba«c— Houtr. • Struck cut— By C. •;\u25a0 Hall
4 Bases on balls^rC^HanjSjoff.w; .Hall
5 Wild pitch— CV Hall.: "Balk— W. 1 Hall.. Left
on base?— Seattle; 9. Los Angeles 6. Tjwe of
game— One hour thirty minutes, Empire—
Davis. : ' \u25a0 . ''\'T-^.i *'-.''
I'ICKRS BIiANK SEAI^S.
ANOTHER GAME FOR SEATTLE.
PORTLAND, Aug. ( 4.— The aiultnomah
Amateur Athletic Club team won the ju
nior A. A. U. meet at the- fair grounds
to-day, whsn It scored 69 points to 26 for
the nearest competitor,- the Olympic Club
of San Francisco. Three junior records
were broken and one. equaled. Parsons
of the Olympic Club broke the record for
100 yards by clipping two-fifths 'of a sec
ond off. the Junior mark. A. C Gilbert of
the Multnomah Club vaulted' ll feet 1
inch, which is one Inch^ better thaii the '
previous A: A. U. junior mark. Kelly of
Mulfnomah broke the junior, broad jump
record of 20 feet 10 Inches when he cleared
21 feet 9% ! Inches. Groman of Chicago
equaled the .220 yard record of :22 2-5.
The senior events wllk take place to-mor
i row afternoon. The summary:
100-yard dash — Won by Parsons, Olympic;
Gcarhart, Olympic, second; Kelly, Multnomah,
third. Time. :10.
860- yard mn— Wen by" -Garcia, Olympic:
Ker.son. ' ilultnomah, wcond: Mays, Multno
mah, third. * Time, 2:07 3-5.
123-yard high • hurdlesi— Won by \u0084L!gda,
Olympic; Kriessol, Multncmah, second; O.
Kerrigan. Multncmah. third. Time, :18.
Running, hlsh Jump — Won by O. Kerrigan;
Kelly,- secend. - (Only two men' •competed.)
lielght 5 feet 1 Inch.. . ~"^""
One mile run— Won by Glarner, Olympic;
Hanscn. Multnomah, second; Mays, Multno
mah. third. Time, 5: iK) 1-5. •
44u-yard run — Won by A. Rose, Chicago; F.
Burgess, second; no tMrd. Time. :55 1-5.
220-yanl dash — Won by Groman, Chicago;
Kmitlison. Multnomah, second; Ganimle, Mult
nomah. third. Time, :22 2-5.
Pole Vault— -Won by Gilbert. Multnomah, 11
feet 1-lnch: Livingston, Portland T. M v C. :
A., second, !> feet. No third.
"Two-mil* run — Won by S. Mays, Multnomah,
only starter: Time. 14:03 1-5.
Putting 16-pound shot — Won ;by James,
Multnomah. 37 feet 4 Inches; A. Johnson, Mult
nomah. second. 34 fe^t 2 inches; Bniley, y.
M. C. A., third, 33 feet 8 inches. .
l«-tx»un<l hammer throw — Won by Baker,
Multnomah, 121 feet ' 2',-i inches; Johnson.
Multnomah, second, 93 feet 9 inches. No
Throwing 56-pound weight— Won by^' D. !
O'Sullivau," Anaconda, .. Mont... 21 . feet 4%
inches.
Discus throw — Won by A. Johnson, Multno
mah. 80 feet 8 • Inches.
Brofld Jump— Won by Kelly. Multnomah, 21
feet 9% -inches: Frlrssel; Multnomah. second,
20 feet 5\u25a05 \u25a0 Inches; 'Gammis. Multnomah, third,
19 feet 4 Inches.
*>20-yard hurdles— Won by Friessel, Multno
mfth: *Llvergston. Y. M. C. A., second; no
third. Time. :27 1-5. •
He Cuts Down -the ßecord in
Portland by Covering the
Distance in Even Time
- SARATOGA, Au£.'.4.-— Tbjs was an off
•day af the- track \u25a0 bo- far- a* rich stakes
and the 'class of the \u25a0 horaes were con
cerned*. .Themtras no particular feature.
The track was fast, and tae attendance
6000. .-. . .. . - \u25a0 "
\u0084Lor<J q? thtf"Val«. won the handicap,
after leading aQ the wa^y. The favorite,
Au Revo'r, did n»t show as well as was
.expected"and "labored all th» way as If
he^afd-'nbt like the going. Ho finished
second,- beating out St, Bellan* while
upder^the whip, . Sumcjairy :
FIRST RACE— Six -furlongs; handicap; filUe»
and mares ©f all ages :
3ettlHgj Horse, Weight. 'Jockey. St. * Tin.
.2 to a— 'Lady. Amelia, 124 iLyne> 1 1 IHI n
5 to I— Rose ot Dawn,lo7(OrNH» 3 8 lM»2n
13 to s— lncantation-. K« (Knapp) 4 2 h 3 3
Time. 1:12:4-$. start lair. Won driving.
Winner. R. a M'atltlns' br. f. by Ban Bnwn-
Laconla. Asctn4lon Schulamlte. Sly Brid«.
Kittle Plan, finished as named.
SECOND BACBr-FtT* and a half furlong* ;
two-year-olds; purse: ,
Bettlnji. Korie. \u25a0Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6. to l— Tne~lr!«hfiian,lo2 (Knp> 2 2 I^l n
11 to s— KinJsy Dale.llo «Miller> d » 1^,2 5
15 to I— Rubaiyat, 111 (Austin). 7 4 3 3V*
Time. I:©7 1 5.' Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. F. M. Kelly's bay colt by Hamburg-
Ballyhoo. Toots Mook Athlete La Sorciere.
Sidney F. Yalagal, Lady Navarre, Ben Hodder.
Klamesha 11. Descend, Entree, flnlthad as
named.
THIRD RACE — One mile; selling; thre'S
year-olds and upward:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to I— Humo, 103 (Foutain) 9 3 lHt tH
5 to I— Lady Ellison, 101 <Balrd) 2 2 IH2 3
3 to I— Belle Indian. 101 (Oregor) 3 8 31
Time. 1:41. Start fair. Won easily. Winner.
C. H. Waterhouse's br. jr. by EUdte Jones—
Humidity. The Gadfly. Roßador. Lineal. Port
Arthur. O'Arkle. Indian Star. Bradley* Fet.
finished as named.
FOURTH *RACE— One and an eigatn miles;
handicap for all ages:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St.' %. Fin.
Sto I— Lord of Vale. 124 (O"NeU> 3 1 I^l ZV,
3to s— Au Revoir. 119 (W. Knpp) 2 4 Zl^
stal— St. Bellane. 113 Lyne).. 1 3 1%3 5
Time. 1:54 1-5. Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner. A. Belmont's eh. h. by Hastings-Lady
Vloiet. Judge - Himea also ran.
FIFTH.-' RACE— One and . thr»e-slxt«enth
miles; selline: throe-year-olds and up:
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Frn.
sto2— Leila. 106 (Larson) 4 4 111
3to I— Hippocrates, 107 (Knpp) 2 11 23^
SO to I— Gray Lad. 91 (Lartby).. 3 2 1 '3 »i
Time. 2:01 2-3. Start good. Won eas .y.
Winner. C F. Clarke's eh. t. by Knight ox
Ellcrslte-Fatima. Ascot Belle. Fath«r D,
Ismaelian. finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs:
selling; maiden fillies and geldings; two-year
olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %- Fin.
11 to 3— Hester W. 94 (McDanleD 2 IMb
6tol— Baubla. 96 fßalrd) 7 T 2(jl 3
Bto I—Dodina.1 — Dodina. SS < Fountain*. . 5 4 1 33H
Time. 1 :C8 3-3. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Mrs. J. L. Holland's b. t. by' Ma
c Top Sail. lolanda. Amnesia.
Toots. Azure, finished as named.
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
SARATOGA. Aug. 4. — To-morrow's
entries:
First race. s»ven furlongs, three-year-olds
and vp — FUlmore 99. Alcoc 95, Scotca Plum*
95. War Whoop 103. Royal Window 105, Ben
votlo 103. Rubric 104. New Mown Hay 103.
Greencrest 95, Dr. Spruill 94. Jocund 105.
Goldsmith 103, Mad .Mullah 102.
Second race, the North American steeple
chase, four-year-olds and up, full course. f2ouo
and plate of the value of joOi> added— Cbligny
15«,- Jimmy Lane 156, Sandhurst 142. Prea
grave. 163. Russell Sage 112.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, the
Saratoga Special, two-year-olds. $2300 added —
Oaklawn 122. Kurokt 122. Tangle 11». McKit
tredge 122.. Bill Phillips 122. Voorhee* 122.
Mohawk II 122. Ironsides 119. BatUeax 122.
Accountant 122, Blair Athol 122.
Fourth race, one and a quarter miles.- the
Travers of $10,000, three-year-olds — Merry
Lark 126. Dandelion 111. Yon Tromp lift.
Blucher 111. Sparkling Star 111. Amberjack
111. Woodsaw 12S. Glenecho 128.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, three
year-olds arid up. selling — Little Scout 111.
Pahn Tree 100, Uncle Urlfh 111. Greencrest
103. Telcohcne IC6.
Sixth race, one mile, three-year-olds and up,
handicap — Monsieur Beaucalre 117. St. Valen
tine 110. Wotan 108. Blandy 10T. Prince Ham
burg 10T. Emperor of India. 106. Gamara 102.
Goldsmith 102. Rubric ICO. Israelite 97. Judga
Hlmes SS. . . :-'"> -\u0084.'•
PARSONS WINS
THE HUNDRED
Gardner . looks worried. Turner lands, light
left to face. Gardner appears nervous. In a
mixup they exchange lefts to face. Gardner
lands right left to face.- Turner is short with
right and left swings to body. Turner misses
with a vicious right uppercut that was in
tended for a knockout. They exchange rights
and lefts. Gardner reaches Turner very low
just before the gong and Turner drops- to his
kn«»f>s. claiming foul, but Referee Roche tells [
him to fight and sends them to their corners \
at the bell.
THIRD ROUND.
Gardner lands hard right to head and Is
fighting with more confidence. Gardner lands
severf.l hard lefts to body. Turner lands a
terrific Tight to the face. Gardner forces Tur
ner to the ropes and Indulges in rough tac
tics. They exchange rights and lefts in the
center of the ring The round ends in a fierce
nixup in the center of the ring with honors
FOURTH ROUND.
They fiddle and Gardner is short with left to
h<rad and right to body. Turner reaches j
Oarfiner with two straight lefts to the Jaw. ]
Gardner forces his rhan through the ropes, but |
there Is no damage. Gardner rnisnes hard
right to face. Gardner JaJids several hard
leiis to the nose, which bring the claret pro
fusely. Tfce roupd ends in a mix in center of
th« rrng. in which Gardner has all the best of
Jt. Gardner's round.
FIFTH ROUND.
Gardner lands hard rijht on tnounth. which
rends Turner's head t>ack. Turner rushes, but
Is stopped with hard left to the mouth. Gard
ner lands hard left to face and Turner couiu
ters with left to face. At this stage thf men
both apn>ar tired and we doing considerable
holding in clinches. Turner lands two hard
lefts to fac« as bell snurdF Honors are even.
SIXTH ROUND.
Turr.»r forces the fightlnc, but does no dam
age They exchange stiff lefts to face. They
indulge in a sparring bee. with no damage.
Gardner lands two hard lefts to the face.
Gardner lands hard left to mouth anoV does
somr beautiful blocking and Covering. Turner
rushes his man and gets in a hard right to the
face. Gardner lands stiff left to wind at the
S °" S \u25a0 SEVENTH ROUND.
They come to a clinch with no damage.
Turner lands hard . right to head. Gardner
reaches th* "mouth with 8 hard left. They ex
change several light body punches without
much Steam them. "Turner lands hard
right to face and loft & the- body. The round
end* in a mixup In the center of the ring
with honor? even.
EIGHTH ROUND.
They fiddle and Turner reaches the head
with a. light, left. They clinch with no dam
age Gardner doing some b-autlful blocking.
Gardner lands light left to the fact and right
to the wind. Gardner lands stiff left to wind.
Gardner again rushes Turner to the ropes and
engaret in rough tactics. Turner s seccn.if,
claim a foul, but It la rot allowed. Bell. It
was Gardn?r's"rr.''r.<V
NINTH ROUND. .1
Gardner land* a l'.Eht 1«« to the head and ,
is forcing the fighting. rt " d , ::w r ea ch<* ,h;*
man with- hard right to the head a^fjeks
a fierce loft Fwinr. Gardner 'an<J« 2 °£
left to the wind. Turner reach«s the neck
with a light left. They engage In enmimon
rough tactics Just b-frre th» bell In w.ilch
Turner appears to be the chhT offender for a
change. TENTH ROUND.
The men rush to a clinch and indulge In
some tame inflchtins. R'fere* Roche having
considerable difficulty in separating them.
Gardntr misses hard, right for the bod>.
Gardner lands two hard lefts to the -wind and
hard left to the face. Gardner sends Turner
to the floor with a hard right to the wind for
the count. /
ROUND EJ.EVEN.
Turner leaves his corner .wobbly and Gardner
rushes over and »p»t« a hard right to . JM he Jaw.
knocking Turner down nnd out. ,™™er wa*
wveral minutes in regaining his scattered
cense«. .
speech, thanking the fans for their kind
ness.
•
RECORD OF THE FIGHT.
Detailed Account of the Battle, Blow
by Blow.
The fight by rounds was as follows:
FIRST ROUXD.
They come to the center of the ring and fid
dle. Gardner lands Miff lert to body. Turner
Is short with hard left to wind. Turner
reaches body light with right. Turner lands
light left to the fac« and blocks haxd left to
body Turner is the aggressor and lands rights
and" left» to body and race. The men; were
sparring at the bell. It was Turner's round.
SECOXD ROU.XD.
Speciaf Dispatch ta The Call:'
\u25a0 CINCI.VNATI.X— A ug. : , 4. — Quantity]
rather than quality was the leading. fea-:
ture of the card" at Latonia to-day. The i
steepfechase^ handicap, was" the feature;
event. It was won -yuite handily by;
Lights Out, cleverly, ridden by 'Eember-:
ton. and, at -the liberal odds of 7 to l.|
Itacatin'ra, the favorite. nnishe'dUhird..
Heavy rain fell between the third ami!
fourth races, leaving -the track in a
muddy condition. Summary: ~ *\u25a0', ": |
FIRST . RACE— Six "furlongs; selling; three-;
year-olds , and up: '•\u25a0; . " \u25a0 . v \u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0 ,
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. 5t. ..-.%:' Fin.
.11 too — Grappl«v 107 tßadtke).'. 2 :2 3 -T2- |
Bto 2— Euba. 107 (Nlcol) : 1' 12 2 5
fK) to I— Full Sway, US (Davis) 9 7 \'t Sn . •
Time. -.-1:13 4-5. Start, good. Won easily. ,
Winner, \u25a0 E. Corrlgan's ».b. c- by \u25a0 Woolsthbrpe- ;
Embracs. Fontesla 109, Merces 102, ,- Handy.
BUI 112.- Juflge Saufley 112, PythCn Xl 2. Jlm ; l
CoUins 104, April Shower 119. Anna Bealli
;114. Algxinquin.lOa,' finished as named.
SECOND RACE— MiIe and sixteenth; selling;
three«year-olds \u25a0 and up: . \u25a0 "' '0-
Betting:. Horse." Weight. Jockey. St. %\u25a0* Fin.
7to 2— West Duke. 110 (Radtke) 2 2 111
9tol— Knjf Ellswth. 107 (Harris) 4 8 I^2 1
'£ to B-^Red Lea». \ Oft . (Robinson) 1 1 % 3 6
Tim<\ 1:47 3-5. Start' good. Won handily.
Winner. X . P. Mayberry's br. h. (7) by Orand
Duke-Devonia: Hot 102: also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three
year-olds: - ; . • \u25a0 •
Betting. Ilorfe. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
sto 2— T. Robinson. 105 (Morris) 3 3^12
13 to 2— Rosinlnl. 98 (Radtke)... 1 11 2 1
4to I— Osee. OS (Harris) 7 4 1 3 H
Time, 1 :02 4-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, Oots- Bros.' b. f. by Sempronlus-
Spider. Grace Wagner 08, Daffodil 98. Lilita
103. Hostility 103, Anita 103. Queen Caroline
103, Roxena OS, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs: three-year
olds, and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
13 to s— Eduardo, 109 (Hall) 10 6 1 Ink
6to I— Mabel Winn.lo9 (Morris) 6.3 3 2 4
7to 2— Mattle S. 109 (Cooner).. 4 5 1 3 h
Time, 1:18 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, H. Robinson's b. c. by Eddie Jones-
Duckling. Belltoone 102, Arachne 104. Pento
toc 115, Albemarl'e 111. A Convict 110, Pic
ture Hat 102, Best Man - ljfl. . Herlida, 107.
Clarion 116, .finished as named.'. . '
" FIFTH RACE — Steeplechase; short course;
three-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 2— Light's 0ut.129 (Pmbtn) ?. 11 13.
| sto 2— Shackleford.l4l (Patton) 12 6 2 6
9to 2— ltacaUara, 147 (Boyle).. 4 3 1 3 2
Time, 2:59 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. B. Stewart's eh. g. by Pirate of
! Penrance-Gleam. Martin Brady 139, John E.
.Owens 138. finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Five ana a half furlongs:
purse:
netting. Hor^e. Weight. Jockey. St. \u25a0%' Fin.
T, to 2— Trenola. 110 (R<\dtke>. . . 1 1 hi 1
7 to s— Romola. 11l (Morrison).. R 2 2-21
sto I— Orbicular, lit) (Hall) 6 3 1 3 10
Time. 1:00 2-6. Start good. Won. easily. ,
Winner, T. P. Hayes' eh. c. by Trentota-Poll.
Yazrl 110, Malleable 110, Floral Artist 110,
John 8 102, finished as named.-;
liATONIA KXTRIES.
CINCINNATI, Aug. 4. — To-morrow's
entries:
First race, six and a half furlongs selling —
Kate'Zltt S6, Merino 66. Bird of Passace SS,
Ethel Barry 91, Erla Lee 93, Darthula 9"{.
Happy Jack II OS, Iks 100. Trisle White 100-
Florizel 102 Naran 102, Foreigner 107, Delagoa
110. El Donoso 110.
Second race, one mile, selllns— Siss Left $7,
Royal Pearl 05, Apple 07. Orient 100. Wlllow
dene 100. Scotch ThlstJe 100.
Third ' race, five furlongs, purse — Creel .102,
Kerchevnl 182. Theo. Case ii) 2. Asnolo 106.
Zlenap 109."^Sister Frances 109, Mandator 112. ;
Fourth race, one mile and a hundred yards. -'
handicap — Tartan $5 Brarnr-.a 97. Haviland i
100 Coruscate 100 White Plume 102. . - .
Fifth race, five furlontrs, purse — Nutterwell
100 Goma 100. Oaletta 100. Doc Thompson
100 Tru»> 103 Wool Soap 103, Daffodil 105.
Dudley 105 L\nn Hill ,105. Toastmaster HIS.
Doctor Turner 10S, Rely 108. Mfetabon ICS. The
Sixth race, one mile and 500 yards, selling—
i Denice S5. Woods Perry 94, Axares 97, He!>jpr
son 97 Judge TraynOr OS. Safety Light 90. Jo»
Ross 100 Hoi t»-nsia 102. Grand Vitesse 107.
Male Hanlon 107. .
\u25a0J LATONIA SELECTIONS.
By the New .York Morning . Telegraph, j .
First mce — Ilelnjjon, Dnrtluihi, Fior-
Ixpl.
Second race— Orient, Sootcb Thistle,
Si«s Lee. ..,.-.
Third race— Kerehevnl, Sister' Frnn
cc«, Zltnnp.
Fourth I race— nrancaat, Havllanrt,
White Plume; - ,
Fifth nice— Am* Hill, Rely, .Mnttnbon.
\u25a0 Sltth race— llorteuKln, Axares,. Male
Hanlon.
• ' '.' (Pacific Coast League.) -.\u25a0 v ' •
.". \u25a0/'• :': ' w. l: Pot/ ' - •' w. v 'l: pet.,
Seattle ......3 o .1000 Tacoma 1 - .3J.J
UaKland .....3 1 -7i»v .'ortland .-...1 3 .-oO
ban Fran 21 .*>\j. -^s Angelea 0 3.. .000
The Giants could play nothing but
bush' ball yesterday afternoon and the..
same, was in during the fourth spasm,
when the commuters grabbed three
runs after two. had gone the route/.Es-:
! sit:k was not there in the tight place
and neither were any of his iielders.i
I During -the- game the Giants piled up'
six misplays and most of, them figured 1
as "1-Vins for Oakland. ;\u25a0
Young Hogan pitched nice baseball
and had. not Briek \u25a0 De/vereaux thrown
Atz's grounder into ; the . right * field
bleachers in tha- third Portland would,
have been snowballed all the way. Bull
Croll got' into tht game once more,,
-phiying-r4ght fceld far -the .Commuters.;
Bull got a way with s^verui cnances, but
could not come; through with a hit.
. Bssick had -the goods; till "the fo.urth.
round,'-' when Atz booted Van Haltren's
grounder, and Francks, toro- off. a hit
to left. \Qunlcavy bunted both men
along. and. Kruger s.trtick. put. Then Es
sick passed Kelly and: Hogan in suc
cession,, .forcing .Van- 1 Hal tren • through.
Brick . Devereaux * responded with a
drive-to left and' Francks and.- Kelly
pulled up atthe pan, making the score
3 to 1 la, Oakland's -. vor.
In the very next inning, the Giants
fell down again and allowed Oakland
to annex two more unearned runs. Dun
leavy opened' the ceremony with a two-
Backer against the left field fence and
Kruger beat out- a slow hit to second.
itcLean threw the ball away trying to
catch Dun asleep and the runner ar
rived: • Kruger got to third on this
rough piece of work and scored when
Runkle threw Kelly's hit away at the
first bag. The score:
':;\u25a0: - PORTLAND.
-AB. R^BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Atz gs 4 li 2 0 2 0 1
MeCrecdle. -rf -.\u25a0;.-.-.. 4 '->o r ' 0 0 4 0 0
Fleming. \\t ....... 3. 0 0 0 2 0 1
Householder, cf.-.. 3- 0 0 0 0 0 0
Van BurcnT-lb 4 (0 0 0 10 1 1
McLean. l c.V. \u2666 0 1 0 4 1 1
Gates. 2b ........... 3 0 1 0 1 0 0
Runkle, 3b 3 0 0 0 0 6 2
Essick, p 3 0;i?Jl t<K_» _5 _0
Totals S T 5 0 24 13 9
OAKLAND.
AB.-R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren, cf 4 10 O 4 0 0
Francks fs * J J » 4 4 1
Dunleavy. If » 1 }. 0 4 0 0
Krucer lb * 11 1 10 ° J
KMIv 2b 3 I 0 0.2 4 0
WP 2 0 0 0 0 1 0 :
Deveroaux. 3b 3 0 1 0 1 2 1
Stanley, c 3 0 0 .0 1 3 0
Croll. rf 3 0 _0 _0 JL _0 _0
Totals ./.?.2O- 5 4 1 27 14 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland .....0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 o—l0 — 1
Bas% hitV :.::.. r 11000110-5
Oakland 0 0 0' 3 2 0 0 0 x— s
°^te« hit5 ;..:... 0 o o 2 2 o o o x-4
SUMMARY.
Two-baee hit— Dunleavy. Sacrifice hit—
nnnlcavv First base on errors— Portland 2.
Ouk. a nd y 5. First base on called. baU^-Off
Fs«lck 2 off Hogan -1. Left on bases—Port
fend 5. Oakland 1 Struck out-By E.«slck 3.
by Hogan 1. , Hit by pitcher-houscholdsr.
Time of B a.me— One hour thirty minutes. Um
pire—Bray, y. \u25a0
STANDING OF THE CLU'fS.
/Oakland-Portland, Recreation : Park.
iSan'Kranclaco al Tacoma. • . V
, lloM.Außele'* «* Seattle. . : ,
TO-DAY'S GAMES.
Gakiund, 5| Portland, 1. ••
Tacoma, It Sub FrjtneUco, 0.
Seattle, 5} Los Anseles, 2. - _
BUFFALO,. Aug.. 4.— Close finishes
'and' fast ..time Characterized the ; rac-:
lngvat Fort Erie to-day. To win the
third race, which was at seven fur
longs, Johnson- & -Dodson's good, mare;
Columbia" Girl had to break a track rec
ord-to beat the favorite, La- Londe, and
she covered the'dlstance in 1:25 3-5. It
was a. beautiful and stirring contest all
the way "and the two mares fought out
| every, inch of it. - ~* ' - . \u25a0\u25a0.'• j
\ Columbia Girl, was first away, 'but
they -had not gone .many yards before.
-La Londe joined her. - Around the- first
turn, down the back stretch, on the'
upper bend and all the. way down, the
stretch they struggled, with Columbia
Girl -tantalizingly in front, but unable
I to sret further thana head's advantage
i over La Londe. .The latter, in the
stretch, was - called upon for all of
her reserve cowers, and her backers
cheered lustily, but the little mare from
Tennessee stuck bravely to her task
and won by a neck/ Summary:
FfTtST RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
maiden, three-year-olds and up: purse:
Betungr. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
2to I— Stay Away, IWJ (Lahdry).. I 1 « 1 2
4to I— Rapport. 106 (D. Boland). 4 2 n 2 n
t> to I— Baoy M, 104 <C. Baker)... 8 71 3 n
Time, 1;22. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. N. Dyment's ca. f. by Disturbance UI-
Terra Nova 11. Wabana, Stock* Exchange, C.
R. James. Awe, Doc Wallace. Edna Sandman,
Fracas and Storm Scud finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Oockey. St. 9* Fin.
13 to 20— Shine On, 113 (Landry) 5 2 IUI n
20 to I— H. Johnson.ll3 (Munro) 2 1 1W- 1*»
Bto 6— Grevllle, 113 (Troxler).. 4 4 1 3n
Time. 1:07 2-5. Start good. Won drivin*.
Winner. William Hendrie's eh. c. by Mazagan-
Sparkle. Henry Waring. Sweet Flavla ami
Oratoiian finished as named.
THIRD RACE— So ven furlongs ; three-year
olds and. up; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to s—Colura.5 — Colura. Girl,* 08 (Swain) 1 1 h 1 n
Ito 2— La Londe, 87 (D. Boland) 4 22 2 I*i
sto I— Varieties, 9» (Jenktnson) 3 4 3 3 1
Time, l:l'5 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Johnson &. Dodson's eh. f. by Loyal
ist-Salaire. Henry Waite. Tom Crabb, Circu
lar Joe, Fly Lady and Day finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— MiIe and eighth; selling;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?4- Fin.
3to I— Red Ltsht. 95 (Swain)... 6 3 h 1 n
4to I—Arab.1 — Arab. K8 (Freeman) 1 lh 2n
7 tr> s— Amberita. 102 (HJackson) 2 4 Va 3 3
• Tiro*. --1:63 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, Mrs. T. E. Aud's eh. t. by Tammany-
Halo. Mamie Algol. Reveille. Chamblee,
Harry New, Arrahguwan," Gipsano. finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; fillies; purse;
two- year-olds :,
Bettlngr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4- Fin.
3to 2— Ldy Travers. ICS (Troxlr) 5 3 IHI 1 ,
sto I—Proforma.1 — Proforma. 100 (Kunz)... 2 4 IVj'J 1H
sto I— Lucy Carr.- 108 (Landry)4 5 2 3n
Time, -1:02. Start good. WonJ&riving.- Win
ner P. Ungar 4 Co.'s eh. f. by Cayuga-Iron
Mistre3s. Mervel P, Buckle. Lady Stewart,
Running Miss, Lady ChUwick finished a*
Mrtned.
SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
purse: thrte-.v ear-olds and up: _
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i- Fin.
sto I— Sand. 104 (J. Dale) .. « 6 n 1 3
6to I— P. Flower 11. 104 (Tomn) 2 I h 2 2
11 «o o— Parnassa. 1W (W.Doyle) 7 4 13 1
Tlnw. 1 :21 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, E. L. Fttz*eraid"s b. g. by Llmewater-
Mlnnie B. Bernie Crtamer. Theodore, Blue
Flame; Gold Ribbon. Xotalee, Edgely Queen.
Patricus, Collector. Phoenix Cottage, finished
as named.
SEVENTH RACE — Seven furlongs: selling;
f cur-year-olds and up: * •« '
Bettine. - Horse. Weight. Jockey. . St. •9* Fin.
10 to I— Chanterelle. 107 (Kunti) 2 ls£ 1 1^
sto 2— Devonshire, 100 (TroxUr) 4 2 h 2 S
•2 to I— Trepan. 100 (D. Boland) « v 1 Vjo n (
Time 1:27 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. J. D. Doyle's b. m. by Charaxus-Ada
Belle Hlndo Princess. Jtm Hall, Rudabek.
Scalpr. Hobaon's Choice, C. B. Campbell.
Fade Meny. Alizzen Mast. Little Tommy Tuck
er. nni3hed ax named.
FORT EUIB ENTRIES.
BUFFALO, Aug. 4. — To-morrow's
entries: *\u25a0«"- •\u25a0
First race, six f urlcngs, three-year-olds up—
James V 1«3. Minamota 104, Savior Faire »5.
Vlpe IW. Mrs. Frank Foster 10t>, Wetrdsome
Second raco. aix and a half furlonss. three
year-old" up ielling-Steet Tra;v 108. Miss Mc-
Young W. Small XaiK ».. Prtsiige 'JO. Dart »*,
Little Red US. Silver >oam Wo. Laura Hunter
\u25a0• Third race. Grand * Canadian steeplechase,
handicap full course — Picktlme 13*. Red Car
152 Sam' Farmer 14U. Bank Holiday 132. Gear
holm 13L\ Ohnet lay.
Fourth rac*-. mile, handicap, three-year-olds
up Baikal" ICS, Our Bessie IC2. Circular Joe
9S. Marshal Ney 108. Pirate Polly t*.
Fitth race, tour and a . half rurlouss, Bell
inß—Bertha E 115 Fortunate IVQ. Skeptical
lcS Cadlchon ICS. Tlchimingo 103. Devoir 'JO,
Sld'f View i>». Oleasa Bs, Baby Willie 07, Wee
Girl 0«, Sonnet 01, Gorgeous 91.
Sixth race, six and a balf furlongs, three
year-olds up, selling— Plantagenet 112. The
Don 10)?. Demurrer 10S, Reeves 105. Winches- j
ter 104 Norwood Ohio 101. Many Thanks ICO.
Pe?Ry ie» Colonist ICO. Mag Nolln 88. Jehane
OS, The Thrall 03.
• Seventh race, one and thre«-sixte*nth3 miles,
three-year-olds up. selling— lnk lO). Bel! the
Cat 100, Oro Viva 100. Arab 104. Our Becsie
104 King oT the Valley 103, Ben Fonso 103.
Sarllla 91. Honda HI, Lady Fonso S9. The
Trlfler $9. First Born S3.
Special Dispatch to " Th« Call.
Special -Dispitch to Th* Call.
The fourth was Gardner's all the way.
He landed time and again with his left
to the jaw," and Turner seemed to slow
up.- 'The crowd was dissatisfied and
voiced its sentiments' with hisses. In- the
fifth, after Gardner had done all the
work and s<*nt in many damaging lefts to
the face. Turner took a lease of life at
ihe end of the round and rushed Gardner
to the ropes, swinging in rights and lefts
tn '"quick succession. Gardner covered up
and the crowd urged him on.
In the rixth and seventh Gardner hit
low in the. clinches and was warned by
Referee Roche. Gardner continued to do
most of the work in these periods, using
that unerring left of his all the time,
while Turner seemed content to take the
beating. In the eighth Gardner tried to
pueb Turner through the ropes and was
loudly"- hissed by the crowd. Turner had
many chances to bring In his right In the
ninth round, but he overlooked them all
and allowed Gardner to pepper him with
his left. Gardner began to give the negro
a bad beating toward the end of this
round and had him on the. way to dizzy
street.
The preliminary was won by Charles
Dunn ever Jim Bradley in the fourth
round. The latter was all In, and Referee
Aurelio Hen-era gave the decision to
Dunn. John L. Sullivan was introduced
end was given a tremendous ovation.
iota came through with a neat little
CROWD DISSATISFIED.
Timekeeper George Harting was tolling
efT the fatal, seconds when the tap of the
tell stopped further proceedings. Tur
ner, was dragged to his corner and re
vived. He came up weak in the eleventh
end Gardner stepped out to meet him.
fcuick as a flash of lightning the Lowell
boy brought his right over to the Jaw
ence again and the negro sank to the
maf, a .vanquished gladiator.
\Vhen the men stepped into the center
of the ring for the first round they stall
ed and fiddled around and Turner com
menced, to lead with his left. The crowd
did not seem to get .warmed up to the
going, f specially wh^h Gardner covered
up in that funny style of his. Billy Roche
at the end of this round said the bout
so far .was not satisfactory, and unless
the boxers made a better showing he
would declare bets off.
The second round did not improve. the
Situation materially. Turner still kept
up his work with his left and Gardner
continued to cover up. Turner overlooked
many bets with his right, and the nght
fans were c.uick to notice this. Gardner
*rot in a couple of hard lefts to the jaw
and. shook Turner up some. The third
round brought out a rally and an ex
change of rights and lefts at the gong,
which sremed to suit the crowd and make
both men a bit groggy.
TIRXER IS REVIVED.
The tenth round marked th-f beginning
•cf the end of the contest. Gardner start
ed in by shooting out his left to Turner's
Jaw. and following the latter all around"
the ring. Turner was getting wobbly
when Gardner shot in a hard right to
the jaw and the negro went to the floor.
He was hereiy able to regain his feet
at the count of nine, and as soon as he
stood up Gardner planted another one
.to the ssine place and Turner went to
the carpet, dead to the world."
Turner took an awful beating, a worse
one *r. fact than he ever stomached in
his life before.' Gardner cut the negro
up greatly with his left hand, closing his
tyes and cutting his 'face up badly. Tur
ner, on the other hand, did not land many
effective blows on the Lowell boy. When
ever he did. try with that wonderful right
band of his, the blow invariably went
wide of its mark, after which Gardner
would cover up and stall around* the
ring. •
• Gardner had a peculiar way of covering
up. It may have be^n on the square with
him,- but it did not look good to the
crowd, an<l when he huddied himself into
a corner as the negro came at him the
fans were wont to >vll; "Kiss him,"* or
••Hit him nov. and finish it. That stall
.is bad. ' Turner might have been baffled
by the Lowell man's peculiar style of
defending himself, tut he never tried very
hard to wirig in any punches during those
periods.
Gardner showed that he had a wonder
ful left hand and a gTeat kick in his other
raitt when he chose to shoot it. He also
demonstrated that he inherits his brother
George's disposition under fire. The Lo
well boy docs not like to take a beating
•' the least, and had Turner managed to
-id in that right of his now and then
..» contest might have had a different
« ding.
GARDNER'S LEFT GOOD.
There was an ugly rumor afloat just be
fore the battle that it was due to end in
Gardner's favcr during the seventh
round. Billy Roche, the referee, knew
this and before the bout started stated
that if there was any evidence of job
bery in the fight he would call all bets
off. He seemed on the point of doing
this several times, but let the light
take its course aud the knockout ended
ills 'responsibility.- »
Several times during the progress of the
fight the immense crowd seemed to
unite In the cry of "raKe." The boxers
did not wade in at each other with the
vigor and vim which should have marked
the work of two such past masters in the
art of self defense. Time and time again
Turner could have brought in his right
with deadly effect, but instead of this he
fought his fight with the left hand, some
thing the black demon has never bAn
known to do before during his long
career in the ring.
With a etifl rtffht hand punch to tb«
point ct the Jaw, Jimmy GaxdAr of, lx>
well, Mass.. last night cent Rufe- Turner,
the black Stockton whirlwind, .to the
floor, a defeated boxer. The fight wu at:
Colma, • . \u25a0 \u25a0
The round had Just opened and Turner
came up groggy and all in, for in the pre
ceding round he had taken the count
once and when the bell rang he was lying
on the floor, and had not the welcome
sound chimed forth when it did Turner
could never have regained his feet within
the alloted ten seconds.
Although the finish was a whirlwind
one and the knockout blow a truly legiti
mate one, the fight carried with It an un
savory odor and looked anything- but
right. Turner had chances galore to'whip
In that awful fight hand ,of bis; yet he
passed everything up. Just before the
bout started Billy Jordan ' announced
from the rlr.g that all bets would be de
clared off if everything did not look
fair, and several times during the pro
gress of the fight the referee would
certainly have been justified in stop
ping the affair and calling it no -con
test. - ,••';;
I)o>vnpour' of 'Rain Changes
i Conditions After the Ruh-i
ning of the Third Race 1
RESULTS OF GAMES.
Hogan Has the; Indian Sign;
?fn rortlanfesJin||Ttey;
"Arr Lucky to (jet a" Rim;
Game -Tennessee Mare Wins
:\% Head Ifter Negotiating
•; Seven Furlongs m1 :25 3;5
Finish Is Fast, but the
Bout Has a. Queer
Look.
?Ang and Is WMpped Out
--to; Beat St. Bellane
An Revoir Labors in the Q6»
FAVORITE GETS PLACE
TRACK tfECOKD BROKEN
•BiT*.^ESSJECK- WEAKENS;
TRACK TMJIiNS MUDDY
Cbmiiiiiters AimexFive'Runs;
\u25a0tWKi|c Tlieir^J (tyixjaentS;
Jii^p^SSusive •.=> Spherej
Seven - to- Qne -Shot ; Beats
"the \u25a0 Favorite. - Itacatiara,
Overlihe . Latonia : Hedges
Columbia Girl and Xa Londe
Eace Like Team Froin^
Start to- JufeeV; . Stand
Lord of the' Yale in Front
From Start to Finish
rii the Saratoga Feature
Spectators Yell "Fake"
as the Men Stall
; Around Ring:.
STEEPLECHASE
FOR LIGHTS OUT
CLOSE FINISH
AT FORT ERIE
BLACKDEMON NEVER ATTEMPTS
TO USE HIS GREAT RIGHT.
WINS HANDICAP
ALL THE WAY
GIANTS BOOT
BALL AROUND
SPORTS
GARDNER DROES TURNER IN THE ELEVENTH ROUND
THE SAN F RA^ISCCXrcALL, : S ATORDAY,: \u25a0 AUGUST. 5, 1905.
11THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, .SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1905.
12
A— slsoo; BUTCHER shop across the bay:
monthly sales from $1100 to $1500; leas*: 1
horse and wagon. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny at. ;;.--. .; . '
IF YOUR STENOGRAPHER DIVIDES HER TIME BETWEEN
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE has removed to larger quarters at UoJ
Market St.; b*st location In city ; catalogue.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MISSION Lodre No. 169. F. and A. 4_^
M.— Special meeting THIS (SATUR- XX
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /Yl
First degree.
R. E. ALLAN, Secretary.
A— slsoo; BAKERY in San Mateo Co.; locat-
ed in the most fashionable town; large cash
trade; wagons, horses ; daily store receipts
above $40 Call R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. -4
Post st. S. F. : civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. - Send for prospectus.
A— s4so; CIGAR store with billiard -hall and
bootblack Btand; best location. Western Au-
dition; a bargain. Call R. G. "WILKE, 20%
Kearny st. .
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post at.
Established 1863; largest in the West; an-
nual-enrollment 1000; send for circular.
MARS Lodge No. 202, K. of P., meets '•JSJS
to-night in Pythian Hall. 220 Golden
Gate aye. Visitors welcome. 7_N&
CHAS. NAGELE. C. C. &&C
H. P. ADAMS. K. of R. and S. -=— *^
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec, mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1564. van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City. Hall.
IRVING Institute School for Girls, 2126 Cal.
st; fall term begins Monday. August 7. 1005.
WESTERN Bus. College. 12S1 Market st;
thorough' com. course by experts. Catalogue.
GIRLS and boys wanted; operatic and dramat-
ic work. 1225 Geary st; phone East 4161.
A— S2SOO— PARTNER in. best corner saloon on
water front; 5 years' lease; no rent to pay:
about 20 barrels of whisky on hand: a rare
chance. Call R. G. •. WILKE, 26% "Kearny.
A— s3soo; CORNER saloon; most prominent lo-
cation on Market et; rent $50; owner kept
this place the last 4 years, and. always done
a fine business; must leave the city- on ac-
of other engagements. Call R. G. WILKE.
. 26% Kearny st. . \u25a0', ;'\u25a0 - \u25a0\u25a0-,'\u25a0 \u25a0 '
CORRESP.. eve. school, drawing, strength ma-
terials, de«., graphostatics. math. 20 Hartfora.
A— sl7s0 — CORNER ealoon ln wholesale dis-
trict; surrounded by factories and wholesale
houses; owner has 3 places; must sell one.
See R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny Bt
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing: all branches. 1412 Polk gt. nr. CaL
A— soso; FRUIT and vegetable store, with
route; wagon. 2 "horses; very best location in
tbe Mission;. a good-paying business; sickness
compels owner to go in the country. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st
GEORGE M. SAKAUYE— Successor to George
Aoki, oldest and largest Japanes* and Chinese
employment office. 421 Post st; phone Busn
135; promptly furnishes all kinds of help.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— s22oo; CORNER ealoon with 6 furnished
rooms; rent $100; lease; one of the beat cor-
ners north of Market st. Call R. •- G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny st ' ' \u25a0
UP-TO-DATE Japanese-Chinese emp. office fur-
nishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H.~-SAIKL 405 Post st; tel. James 501.
STAR Employment Offlce^ — Reliable Japanese 1
and Chinese help furnished with care. W.
KADOTA. 401) Powell St.; tel. Main 175 L
AA— DIVORCE; coets, '$12; quick, quiet; ad-
vice free; no charge unless successful; open
evenings; wills, deeds, leases, bllle of sale
and articles of co-partnership carefully pre-
pared; bankruptcy, collections, and probating
of estates. 927 Market Bt. room 301.
ATTORN E V S- AT-LAW.
A— $1800: CORNER grocery and bar. with 5
years' leaee; on Haight st: rent $55: 4 liv-
ing rooms; full value ln sight; trouble ln
family cause of sale., See R. G. . WILKE,
20% Kearny st. ( -
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese, help. 426 Powell st; tel. Main 5752.
A— JAPANESE . and Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton st; tel. Bush 859.
AA— DIVORCE costs $12.
Quick, quiet; legal advice free.
No charge unless successful.
All law business.
Examiner building, room 316. third floor.
A— s2ooo: CORNER saloon, on Third st. with
7 rooms; rent $85; one of the best located
places on the most prominent business part
of Third €t. : full value in sight Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny %t
Finest Japanese help; house cleaning specialty;
Geo. R. Kunlabe, 343 Mason; tel. James 5251.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg.,
6th floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years: all courts, general courts and office
practice; no fee ln advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment Tel. Red 3601.
A—s2ooo;A — $2000; CORNER .grocery and bar; on San-
chez st, with 6 living rooms; 4. years' lease;
rent $33; daily sales about $25; place .kept by
owner S years; a rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt. . .
W. MATTHEWS, attorney and counselor at
law, 632 Market st,. room 23; 21 years' ex-
perience; all ccurts; general court and office
practice; consultation free. Tel. Black 2332.
A—ssooo;A — $5000; THE leading ealoou in Monterey,
with 5 years' lease; rent $60; stock will in-
voice about $2000; this Is a bonanza; full
value in sight; owner is competed by other
investments to sell at once. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 20%^ Kearny st. \u25a0 \
ADVICE free: legal divorce costs $12; all law
cases handled; no fee ln advance; open Sat-
urday evenings; other evenlng6 by appoint-
ment: call and save money. 819 Market, r. 33.
A—sl6oo;A — $1600; GROCERY and bar; best \u25a0 location
Ocean View; rent $25; full value in sicnt; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— sl3oo; PAPER route; morning papci-. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2G«i Kearny st
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; all cases
probate and attachment suits a specialty;
open evenings. R. 465, Parrott bid. ,855 Market
ADVICE free; costs $2 to $«: no fee unless suc-
cessful; collections everywhere; any case in
any court. Law Inv. Co.. 44 Parrott bldg.
A— $1100; DELICATESSEN store, with dairy
produce: living rooms; very best location on
'.Third st, near Call building. Particulars R.
G. WILKE, 2tiH Kearny st. \u25a0 • . -"-
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market room 304. consulta-
tion free; no fee in advance. Open evenings.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
A—ssoo;A — $500; CAFE and restaurant, with elegant
furnished rooms; a email Delmonlco; private
dining-room; location the very best; West-
ern Addition; running on Delmonlco style.
See R. G. WILKE. 26 & Kearny st.
AUTOMOBILES.
FOR sale — Two-cylinder light delivery car.
WALTER E. FRANCE. 20 Golden Gate aye.
A— s4so; CIGAR store with 3 fine living
rooms; kept by owner 10 years; rent $.12;
most prominent location on Larkin at Call
R. G. WILKE. 26 V 4 Kearny st /
A bargain — 1905 White touring car. practically
new. CO6 Van Ness aye.. nr. Golden Gate aye.
A— sssoo; MOST prominent corner saloon; one
block from Phclan bldg. ; lease ; many for-
tunes i!*idc in this corner; a very rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
ASTHMA CURE.
A. DI NOLA'S asthma remedy cures; for sale
by ail druggists; main depot 1602 Market st.
Et. Nicholas Hotel; 10c. 25c. 60c package.
' 63 rooms: -tine new brick building; choice
central location; newly furnished- in best oak
furniture, Axmlnster and velvet carpets, elec-
tric. 7 elevator, lights and. all modern conveni-
ences, beautiful light and airy halls; in fact,:
a spUndid preposition; can be -bought tor less
than- half cost to furnish; part, cash,- balance
iong time at low. interest; price $3000.
65' rooms; new, modern, downtown house;
chaap .rent, long lease; well ' furnished; first-
class condition; choice location and clears over
$250 per month; to be cold at big bargain.
. 18 rooms, fine location on Bush st. ; oak fur-
niture, good carpets; few rooms not furnished;
big bargain at $750. .'..
32 rooms; elegant location for high class
boarding-house; beautifully furnished; will
either veil the furniture and equipments or
lease same to responsible . party. Fine oppor-
tunity for some one. -
108 rooms; new,' modern building; most ele-
gantly furnished; everything of the best; \u25a0 of-
fice and cafe on ground floor; there is nothing
better in San Francisco either as money-
maker or quality of furnishings; can be had
vei y reasonable on account of sickness; will
take ranch or house and lot in exchange.
19-room corner house; fine location; oak fur-
niture, good carpets everything first-class con-
dition; all full and clearing *i 5 l^er month; an
excellent \u25a0 buy at $1250.
7-room modern flat, furnished in -mahogany
and. oak furniture; good carpets; fine location;
on account of death, snap; price $400.
37 rooms, fine corner, downtown; cheap rent;
first-class furniture and carpets; one of the
best little transient houses in city and can be
got a big bargain; $2250.
14 rooms, fine block on Ellis st; rent $75;
good furniture and carpets; bargain; $600.
30. rooms, new and modern;- fine location;
well furnished and paying well, but, owner is
obliged to leave city and to make quick sale
reduced to half cost to furnish, or $1500.
14 rcoms, fine location; rent only $50: north
Market; good ftirniture and carpets; all full;
price $750. ... 1
35 ' rooms; grand corner; cheap rent; very
centrally located; good oak furniture; fine car-
pets; part offices; big money-maker; part
down, balance time: price $1800. - .:. . • •.
6-room and alcove beautiful modern flat near
Sutter st.; all light and sunny; elegantly fur-
nished, with fine upright piano; bargain; $600.
18 rooms; finely ilocated; good - furniture' and
carpets; Is paying well; .will exchange for 10
or 12 room house ln good condition.
23 rooms, downtown; rent $100; good furni-
ture and carpets, and if . run right can make
a mint of money out of it and will only take
$200 to get in- balance can be paid ou.t of
house; price $1000. <
A. CAMERON & CO., 3 EDDY ST.
A, . . A. A SPECIAL A A
RETSLOFF & SPAULDING. Reliable Agents.
Bank References
Hotels — Rooming and Apartment Houses.
Flats — Private Homes— Grocery.
Saloon — Delicacy — Stationery — Drug
and all kinds of business propositions.
Sold and Exchanged. ' \u25a0
Call — Investigate — and be convinced.
We handle .only paying propositions.
RETSLOFF AND ...SPAULDING
906 Market Bt Phone John 4496. .
3 Eddy st, cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-hoifees, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
A— CAMERON & CO.— — Phone. South 1050.
A—s€so;A — $€50; CIGAR, tobacco stand, corner, with
laundry office; owner kept place 4 years;
business clears abeve $110 per month; loca-
tion the best; close to Examiner office. Call
R. G. WILKE,- 26^ Kearny st.
BOAJRDING FOR CHILDREN.
PLEASANT home for 2 children to board;
. room for parents. 1910 Baker St., nr. Sacto.
WANTED — Infant to beard; best care given,
2303 Howard 6t, tOD flat.
A—sl7so;A — $1750; SAUSAGE factory and pork Ftore,
horse, wagon; business established many
years; has a large patronage in wholesale
trade, also doing rushing store trade; owner
to retire only cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ' .
BICYCLES.
• MARION GRIFFIN.
970 — Market —s~ — room — 801 '— Eighth
floor —„ James — Flood — Building — opposite
"The — Emporium." — Phone — Main — :W43.
Modern — Business — Methods. — ROOMING
and — APARTMENT — Houses. — Abstract*
furnished. — All — titles — guaranteed.
Our — Ellis — St. —Entrance — Is
— Opposlte^ — ':
—THE — GOLDEN .— .WEST — HOTEIr-
—TAKE — THE — ELEVATOR-
OFFICE BUILDING.
—WELL LOCATED—'
" 24 rooms — Profit monthly, $160. .. : ~ •
Price $1800— EASY TERMS.— ' :
MARION GRIFFIN. \u25a0
\u25a0' 970 Market st.
I'\u25a0 ' ' -
V HOME
FOR RICH TOURISTS.
23 rooms. 23. r00m5.
— NEAR GOLDEN GATE PARK —
$C 0. rent; has cleared $04 each month for 3
years; furnishings cost $20C0.
Price $1200— Easy terms,
MARION GRIFFIN. UTO Market et
LITTLE Apartment House— 2l rooms.
Near the widely known "Emporium."
Owner has left the city, will sell cheap.
$650 takes It; $200 down and installments
of $10 monthly. -
MARION GRIFFIN. 970 Market st.
222 Rooms —
— 222 Rooms —
—222 Rooms.
SWELL APARTMENT HOUSE, opened hut
and NEW and CLEAN.
— 2, 3 and 4 room suites —
BEAUTIFUL
and
EXPENSIVE
FURNISHINGS.
$700 profit monthly g-u-a-r-a-n-t-e-e-d.
—LEASE for 8 . years— ' . ;
Centrally located; only 7 blocks from , JAMES
FLOOD BUILDING..
. The Business Center of the City.
It is a HIGH-CLASS HOUSE -
— and of course — -
EXCLUSIVELY for sale
THE AGENT.
-' 970 MARKET ST..
Opp. "Emporium."
Elils-st entrance.
1 - Opposite the
Golden West Hotel.
FIRST-CLASS PROPOSITION. "
60 rooms.
SPLENDID
—NEW AND MODERN-
BUILDING.
NEW and ELEGANT FURNISHINGS. .
— Rent $5 per room —
Lease A. D. 1905 to A. D. 1910,
BANKABLE SURPLUS
— $19S in July —
—FINE LOCATION —
EXCLUSIVELY for sale
• . —By—
MARION GRIFFIN,
970 Market st
OR (Read slowly.)
Would you like a GO-room house, well es-
tablished, doing a nice business and now of-
fered at half price for CERTAIN PRIVATE
KEASONS. which — will — be — explained
to — the — buyer? .
PRICE $3COO (cost $7300); easy terms.
JUNE SURPLUS $230. .JULY SURPLUS $211.
Exclusively for sale . . .
By THE AGENT.
• MARION GRIFFIN.
- • • . " \u25a0/"-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'-
SUTTER STREET — • 14 rooms
CORNER HOUSE— I 4 rooms
CORNER HOUSE— I 4 rooms
•J \u25a0 14 rooms
$50 rent . \u25a0 14 rooms
—PRICE $400—
J2OO — down — and — time — on — *$2CO.
$200 — down — and <— time — on — $200.
—AN ACCIDENT TO—
.'\u25a0\u25a0 * —THE LADY OWNER—
. —CAUSES THE GREAT SACRIFICE—
HER LOSS IS YOUR G'A'lN, 11 you . do not
delay until uorr.e one else snaps It
MARION. GRIFFIN,
970 Market, opp. Emporium.
$250 SPOT CASH ' '4
—Buy* : 11-room house —
HOT d • \u25a0 I
AND •
COLD
WATER in each room — - •
4 blocks of Market; rent $30; price $250. "
—PROFIT $30 each month —
. . —See— \u25a0 • \u25a0
MARION GRIFFIN. ' .
\u25a0 .> * . . < 970 Market at
"sunset" people.:
sit; pp.- and; take notice.
" We want- a lot .in- "Sunset District" or a
small farm worth $2250 within 50 miles of
San Francisco . \u25a0•'\u25a0 .\u25a0.:'.
. : —IN \ EXCHANGE- -FOR— '
A highly respectable.© well-located ; roominr-
house doing a I good bus 1140s!:1 140s! : cleared j $1027 in
its last .• year. ; \ Lease ;. on v house - for s 4 years
The' house-is freeof Incumbrance_*so must be
the! lot or ; farm..- The 'house -is well 'furnished
and full of : permanent- roomers. ;"\u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0 \u0084
—MARION GRIFFIN— '
~ . '\u25a0'..,- —070 . Market * st. — '• *\u25a0
';-.;' ; — Opposite /'The , Emporium."— •
Eajjj_jfe;f,; - . '. - ; *'-'.- -' *-. \u25a0 •-- ',"""' " ' ';'*:" '.-. '-.- *-'"'" '\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0-
- . TRANSIENT \u25a0 house of , 14 "rooms' on O'Farrell
ot: furnished most beautifully 4 months ago
t - -•- - - -'\u25a0::'. - "-\u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0.. '\u25a0 '\u25a0. \u25a0:-\u25a0•' .-'••\u25a0 1 •
A—sl3oo;A — $1300; CORNER saloon north of Market st,
close to Kearny: rent $S0; lease; owner
'. wishes to quit city life and bo in the coun-
try; investisate; this is a rare chance. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st -
A. — $050; NICELY furnished residence in apart-
ments .for housekeeping; 12 rooms; clears
; $40 month: sacrifice; cost $12CO. KREDO.
\u25a0 7 Grant aye." ' - ' - '
AN old catab. (1S50) Chinese emp. office: C.
CHONG'S, removed to 518 Pine; tel.Grant 156.
H. W. HONG. 1113 Clay st: Chinese employ-
ment ot bee; best help. Tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. S4O Clay.
JAPANESE. Chinese help of all kinds furn-
ished: houjw} cleaning. 708 Taylor; James 7636
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: ali kinds help; 315 Stockton. Main 5133.
EMP_OY3IENT WANTED — FEMALE.
GERMAN- lady, good plain cook, wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper, city or country. Call
between 2 and 4 p. m., 369 First st, corner
Harrison. \u25a0 -
GIRL of : 16' .would -like place to assist with
housework ;\u25a0 .salary no object; wishes privi-
tege of attending school. Box 8404. Call.
HOUSEKEEPER wants pesitlun; no objection
to country. Call or address l! 07 Eddy st,
room 5. No trlflers need apply.
GERMAN middle-aged lady wishes position as
housekeeper for elderly people; a home more
an object Box 8453. Call office.
STRONG, reliable woman wishes) washing and
ironing by the day. Apply MRS. H-, care 27
Capp at. Phone Church 3676.
DRESSMAKER wants work by the day. or
will take work home; phone East 3559. 1605
Sacramento st. bet Polk and Larkin.
OFFICE girl wishes position. Address box
5434, Call office.
WILL do plain sewing. 723 Fulton *st.
A SWEDISH girl wishes a place in Christian
family as cook; $30. Phone Howard 2933.
WANTED — Laundry sweeping', cleaning; $1 60
per day. ' MRS. S.. phone Red 5433.
WANTED — A thoroughly experienced public
school teacher wishes to coach school, chil-
dren of any • grade for examinations or in
regular . school work: nervous, delicate or
backward children a specialty; terms reason-
able. 512 Jonea st; phone East 3095. \u25a0
A—sl3so;A — $1350; CORNER saloon on Folsom St., with
2 living rooms; rent $35; place located close
to Sixth Bt. ; bargain. Call R. G. WILKE,
2G^4 - Kearny st. ; . -.
A YOUNG Norwegian woman wants a situa-
tion where she can learn to cook, either in
• boarding-house or. private family: moderate
wages expected and sanitary sleeping-room;
no washing. Call or address 1345 Howard st
A—s2SoO;A — $2S0O; THE most prominent corner saloon
on Sixth st. with lease, and' cigar stand 'in
front; quarrels among partners only cause of
sale; not all cash necessary. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
MIDDLE-AGED Hngarian woman wants posi-
tion In private tamily for general house-
work; is a first-class cook; also address or
call 139 Vi Eleventh st
A— s3ooo; ELEGANTLY fitted up saloon with
8 furnished rooms; the most prominent loca-
tion north of Market street; rent $125: a
very rare chance; place a money-maker. R.
G. WILKE. 2fi^ Kearny st. ,
COMPETENT woman wants light housework
and plain cooking; $12 month. 17> Tehama
8t; city preferred.
A— AN investment of $500 to $100 will secure
the position of secretary and treasurer for
first-class corporation; salary $100 pei
month; is well established; bank references.
See CAMERON A CO.
A— s3ooo BUYS first-class coal, wood and ice
business; also electric plant for sawing wood;
located in fine bay town; equipped with
horses and wagons; doing good business;
clearing over $150 per month; established ten
years; owner has other business and cannot
devote his time to it. See CAMERON & CO.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s3ooo; CORNER saloon with _at of 6
rooms; lease; no better location ln this city;
owner kept place lo years; a very rare
chance. Call R- G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
DRESSMAKER — First-class; will have a little
time during August: terms $3 per day. Box
77:i9. Call; or telephone, evenings East 3655.
A— s2ooo; ROADHOUSE with bowling alley,
dance ' pavilion, etc; rent $30: the place Is
located on the most prominent county road
to San Mateo. Call R. G. WILKE. 26&
Kearny st
GIRL wishes to do housework: wages $20.
Please call Wednesday or Thursday. 16
Woodward aye. . *
GERMAN • woman wants position as a house-
keeper. C 67 Thirty-sixth aye.. Richmond
District . '
GIRL wishes place for. housework -and cooking.
Please call at 30 South Park; no oostals.
LAUNDRESS, wants work by the day. 743
Folsom st; phone Red 577.
$lwo — CORNER grocery and bar; one of best
locations couth of Market St.; established
over 35 years; living rooms; long lease; is a
bargain at $1600; owner selling on account
of other business; see this at once. RIOR-
DAX & LESS. 935 Market st.. room 5
A— s2ooo; FANCY grocery and* delicatessen*
stcre en Sacramento st.. Western Addition:
rtnt $30; 3 years' lease* full value ln sight.
Call R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
No matter what your troubles, sickness 01
desire may be. Prof essor Delmar \u25a0 wjll help
* you; kind, honorable and confidential treat-
ment to all. Full life, $1. No pay in ad-
vance and unless you are entirely satisfied
you do not pay a penny. Daily from 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. ; Saturdays to S p. m.;' Sundays.
1 to 4 p. in. 412 I'ost st.
Without asking you a single question he
calls you, by name, tells your mother's maid-
en name, tells you the name of friends, ene-
mies or rivals, teils you what you came for,
tells . whom and when you marry; in fact,
e-v-e-r-y-t-h-I-n-g.
The Greatest Living
Clairvoyant, Palmist and Psychic Healer.
The Only Yogi Mediator
Of Secret Influence in America.
PROFESSOR ALEXANDER DELMAR,
CLAIRVOYANTS.
$200 — HOU.SE. ti rooms and bath; rent $,17 60;
corner saloon to lease; fine fixtures, safe,
cash register. RIORDAN & LESS. 935
Market st, room 5.
A—s7ooo;A — $7000; CORNER saloon in wholesale' dis-
trict: place clears about $500 per month: 7
years' lease. Call R. G. WILKE.- 2ts&
j Kearny st.
YOUNG lady stenographer: Smith Premier; 2
years* experience; rtterences. Box SOl9. Call.
A— s2ooo; CORNER saloon, with TeaEe and liv-
ing-room; about 3 barrels choicest whisky on
hand; location the very best; close to Market
et; Investigate: this is a rare chance. R.
G. WILKE, 20^ Kearny st.
FOR sale — Owing to the concentration of my
theatrical Interests will sell one of my best
theatrical interests that is making money
and will bear every investigation; with long
lease and in a thriving city in the interior:
capital required $0000 to $7000; this is an
exceptional opportunity for an energetic man.
Particulars, TONY LUBELSKI, Fischer's
Theater.
A— s2ooo; SALOON with mercantile lunch ln
whoSesale district; N of Market Et: place
establishod years: business first-c!as=!>: owner
.to go to the country. See R. G. WILKE,
261/4 Kearny st. . '.'.•'\u25a0•
Being compelled to go East on urgent busi-
ness, will sell my restaurant at a sacrifice;
everything first class and up-to-date; cheap
rent; seats 32; 3-year lease; nice trade: must
leave by AugUEt 10. S. B. DOW. 1303%
Castro »t.
A SNAP.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
- opened at 1008 Market bt, opposite Fltth.
Open until 11 n. m.
WATCHES — $1 down and $1 a week; any kind
of case or movements. RALPH & ED. 143
Powell St., tfpstalrs.
CARPET-BEATING AND. CLEANING.
ARTIST — Young man (22). with talent and
who has had 2 years' training in an art
school in ' Europe would like to learn a spe-
cial line: good at copying and enlarging;
willing to work hard. Box 8319. Call.
IF you need good . entree cook for city or
country or
Al confectioner, or
A fine reliable pastry cook for the country
send word or call at room 31S, James Flood
"building.
EUPLOVJIEXT WANTED— MALE.
PROFESSOR NIBLO, - • ' -
411 A ELLIS ST. NEAIt JONES.
ASTRO DEAD TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
MY $5 -CELEBRATED- LIFE READINGS $1.
The moment you enter his parlor he will tell
you YOUR FULL NAME,. AGE. OCCUPA-
TION, YOUK MOTHER'S MAIDEN NAME
AND WHOM AND WHEN: YOU WILL MAR-
RY, and what you called for, without asking a
question; will tell name of your sweetheart or
anything you want to know. He sends you
away wiser and happier than when you called.
How can X'have cood luck?
How can I succeed in business?
How can I make my home happy?
How can I marry the one I choose?
How can I marry well?
How soon can I marry?
How can I conquer my rival?
How can I make any one love me? .
How can I Ket a letter?
How can I get a good position?
HOURS 10 TO 8 DAILY . AND SUNDAY.
411 A ELLIS ST.. NEAR JONES.
• Permanently located ln his own home.
A SOBER steady, industrious young man
would like work in private place; under-
stands car« of horses, cows and garden.
Box 5310. . Call. ;
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Company. 308 Market
st; phone Main 152 \u25a0 and Bush' 479. - \ ' '
AN experienced man wants position as hoisting
engineer, city or country. Address J. G. H.,
781 Mission st- . . -
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, :J53-a57 Tehama st. Tel. South iO.
PAINTER and decorator, young man (Swiss)
of °4 with 4 years' experience in New York,
wants work. Box $321. CaU^ _^^
WANT to borrow ?750 on my diamonds for 30
days; will pay S5O for use of money; private
party only; don't answer unless you are re-
tponsible. Box 8489, Call office.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis st. -
Clairvoyant, crystal seer; can be consulted
on all affairs of lite; Miss Wille guarantees
an bonest. . reliable, satisfactory reading; re-
veals the past; gives correct forecast of your
future; advises you on Important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gives the. secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love;; reading. $1; hours
10-8 p. m.; French. German. English spoken.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning.' 3c. FREDHAGE-
DORN & CO.: phone Mission 225.
A COMPETENT and reliable delivery wagon
driver defires position. Address G. E., 2a09
Twenty-fourth st. city.
EXCELSIOR, 82 Eighth st— New process;
first-class work guaranteed. Phone Mint 252.
CARPETS clean., fit., lay. 530 G.G.ave. :phone
East 1965. Btar Ren. C 0... W. Wagner; Mgr.
FRENCH and Italian first-class cook wants
* position tn private family; good references.
1406 DuDont at. •
TO lease--A brick plant: 40.U00 capacity daily;
engine. 'boiler, crusher and every facility for
making first-class brick: unlimited quantities
of clay. Aoply DR. C. C. O'DONNELL,
1021 y. Market et; tel. South 622.
WANTED— Work In city by a general black-
smith and shoer. Box 5424. CalL
CARPETS cleaned and laid. 8c a yard. KLEIK-
ERT. 1520 Polk ' st. : phone East 725.
A GOOD cook and broiler is seeking engage-
ment. Call room 818. James Flood building.
PRINCESS EUGENIA.
s The Veiled .Prophetess."
' DEAD TRANCE MEDIUM.
* Born with a Double Veil. -
Educated in Occult ln Egypt and India. .
$5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS $1.
. Permanently located In her own home.
. Private— No sign— Ring bell.
404 EDDY ST. \u25a0 . 404 . EDDY ST.
PRINCESS EUGENIA.
A PARTNER wanted with $200 In a long es-
tablished 'gentleel business; will pay $90
monthly to each; experience not necessary;
short hours. Call 1027,4 Market St., room 2.
PRIVATE detective desires work in that line.
Box- 8326.' Call.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The -Vendome. 1104
Market. st., San Francisco. Office hours— -10
. a..m. t0. 5 p. m.. Sundnys 10 to 12; Wednes-
\u25a0 day evening, .6 to' B. Phone South 1141.
FOR eale — Part or all of $350,000 sawmill
proposition, with valuable adjuncts; sure
money-maker. . but needs money to swing it;
principals only. Address box 794«, Call.
YOUNG man wishes to learn waiting table In
small restaurant or hotel. Box 5345. Call. V
MISSS ZEMDAR, youpg gifted elair. and palm.;
reveals hidden secrets, love,. business, etc.:
names: L.' 50c, G. $1>: 533 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED — Saloons, cigar stands, restaurants
and rooming houses for cash customers if
reasonable. Add with particulars. Box 7701
Call. .
TRAVELING position wanted by practical me-
chanical expert .where the highest skill and
the greatest ingenuity is required; in any
line of machinery: or position as foreman in
tirst-class machine shop. Address box 6923.
Call office. '
STOCK companies incorporated; if you have
ttocks or bonds for sale offer them through
me to investors. GEORGE M. itELLOGG.
Broker. 345 Ellicott square, Buffalo.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
Golden Gate aye. & Larkin: phone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning C0.,' 402 Sutter st ;
tel Main .T94. GEO. WALCOM.& CO.. Props.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.-«-Flrst-class
carpet cleaning. 3r yard. Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrlson-Rt. : tel. Mission 263.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 rage?. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per. year.
LACE CURTAINS AND BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S. New York Curtain House;~most
complete plant for cleaning lace curtains and
blankets. l. J i24 Fillmore: phone Pine 2622.
DR. PIERCE"S Magnetic Elastic Truss; per-
fect . retainer: positive cure; book free. Re-
moved to "OU'Kearny st.. room :507.
BARBER shop; $125; good corner; 2 'chairs;
everything complete. RELIABLE AGENCY,
765 Market St. :.-'\u25a0:
WANTED— One thousand persons to eend three
questions and 25c: will give correct answers.
MRS. LOFLAND. 1434 Webster st.. Alameda.
$275— RESTAURANT: receipts ?15 dally; 9
table*. 40 chairs: all in pood condition; rent
$20: pood location. 1027 Market St., room 2.
WANT to borrow $.T5O from private • party for
SO days; pay back -f375; references ex-
changed. Box S4S2, Call office. . •
I DO not cure rupture' but can hold them' ln
place. WEDEKIND. 440 Geary st.
EMFLOY3IEyr WA3.TED-Femal»"Co>
FIRST-CI-ASS J a P M " e K lau P d 5 r .^?? f Tr I |!^
position; epeaks English. J. HAYASHI. 3300
Twenty-third st.. San Francisco.
JAPANESE young man desires position as of-
fice or bell boy: particular time ana wages
is not object.. GEO. XAKA.,. 804 Stockton st.
JAPANESE butler or first-class f°°* ~ a ° { » »
position in family preference. Address SHO.
800 Duoont st.
A COMPETENT Japanese, student of coll w ,
wishes position as salesman or porter; speaks
good English. Box 7597, Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as school
boy; good cook. 1207 & Scott st.; tel. Scott
3444.
JAPANESE: excellent £|H!_£E£Sj.f£&S? S
has best referenc*. FRANK NAGASAV.a.
12 Qulncy «t. - '
HONEST Japanese wants to do general help
work ln family. Address M. AYABE, ear»
Sl4 Pine St.; tel. Jamea 6701.
JAPANESE boy ,want 3 position as waiter.
housework, help cook. F. M.. 4g7 Hayea at.
JAPANESE boy wants to work early In morn-
lng nntll 9 a. m. GEORGE. 1431 Bush st.
NO. 1 Chinese first-class family cook la city.
Address 807 Washington St. -
fixa:vciai^ ; | "
WATER front property — 180x700 feet, with
depth of water at pier »ne 12 feet at low
tide, and is being deepened; price $35 per ft.
Here la a good site for a manuJacturlng
plant or lumber yard. W. E. BERNARD.
476 Tenth su Oakland.
AAA— NOTICE.
REALTY SYNDICATE.
Hereafter all unmatured certificates will b»
cashed upon demand at Sl2 Call building.
CONTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN cer-
tlficates purchased for cash. G. D. SHAD-
BURNE JR.. Call buildinc.
I WANT to Interest some one la- manufactur-
ing a patent article; ready for market;
splendid chance. Box "750, Call office.
REALTY SYNDICATE certificates bought, spot
caw 1. JOHN COOP. 17 Fremont st.
REALTY Syndicate Certificates purchased:
top prices. W. L. HARPER. Crocker bici-r.
FL.ATS TO JLET.
- -\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
A AAA . *.
Every desirable vacant dwelling is listed In
our renting department. Combined lists from
23 of the largest agencies. Saves a world .of
time and trouble. .
Service la absolutely free.
You are not asked to buy or even look at fur-
niture. Welcome? 1 . \u25a0
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANT.
1039 Market st., opposite McAllister.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST OF HOUSES.
FLATS, apartment and rooming houses; our
renting department la free to all; we can
find you a home in any part of the city:
ask for no payment other than yonr good
will; we do not ask you to buy or even look
at the goods; use this department freely;
you are more than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 243-259 Cn-ary
st. (on the square). \u25a0 '
LANGTON. 39 and 43 — t rooms and bath. $20.
41 Langton — 5 rms. and bath. $22 50. nr. 7th
and Howard. 14 and It! Landers — Upper and
lower flats, fix to suit tenant. 713 Harrison.
nr. 3d — t rms.. $13; ashes and water free.
A DELIGHTFUL corner Hat. nearly new. it
rooms, basement, etc.; every room sunny;
rent reasonable; half block from Market st.
3947 17th st. : take Castro or ISth st- car.
BEAUTIFUL new .lower and middle flat. 8 rms.
and b. ; latest imp.; large yard; water free;
very desirable location: 2443-45 Pest; open to-
day. Apply Carroll & T'.lton.Co.. Sll Market.
CORNER flat. 1 sunny rooms and bath; nearly
new carpets; real lace curtains; steel rang*
for sale if desired; unusually convenient; rent
$10; water free. 1503 Steiner. cor. O'Farreil.
NEW, modern, fiat. 5 rocmsv bath; rent $21/325
California St.- South, bet. California and Cle-
ment. 4th and sth ayes. ; near 4 car lines.
THE only new. modern, downtown fiat of tt
rooms and bath. Apply on premises. 1278
Folsom. near Ninth St.: rent $35.
NEW middle flat. 7 rooms and tath: 2 toilets.
2023 Oak st.. opp. Golden Gat© Park; owl
car service.
3 SUNNY front rooms; furnished or unfur-
nished: new flat: gas; bath; reasonable. 3645
Seventeenth »t. .
ELEGANT apartments — Four rooms and bath
each; rent $20. Franklin st.. bet. Filbert and
Greenwich. .
FIVE rooms, bath, sun all day: clean. BS7
Capp. near Twenty-fourth.
FOUR and five nr is. ; toatb; up to date; sun
every rm. ; $25-527 50. 641-43 Central aye.
HOWARD. 1131) A — Four sunny rooms; rent^
cheap. *
HOWARD. 2609-2615 A. near 22nd — Modern up-
per and lower sunny flats, 6-7 rs. : $22 50-$2 O.
LAGUNA. 3021 — Sur.ny flat of 8 rooms and
bath: rent only $20.
MODERN sunny flat. 7 rooms: rent $30» t*-
duced from $37 50. 1860 McAllister »t.
NOE 459-461 — Upper and middle fiats. 7 rms Jk
path each: all sunny: suitable 2 famlllea; $30.
TO let — Nice sunny upper flat of 6 rooms and
bath; marine view. Jones and Broadway.
— O let — $18- upper fiat: 5 largo sunny rooms;
yard: cellar. 1256 Folsom st.
TEHAMA. 336 — Nice sunny upper 4-roora
flat; bath. ;
$12 — WOOLSEY. 2025. South Berkeley — 3 rooms
and bath; fuel gas, electricity.
\u25a0FOUR rooms and bath. 221 Laurel aye.. be-
tween Turk and Eddy -st 3.. off Van Ness. -
SACRAMENTO, 1365— Three- room flat; gas.
large yard; rent $10. :
4 ROOMS, bath, stable, yard; $16. 3543 Twen-
ty- ihlrdißt. '
NO car fare: 5-6 new sunny mod. rooms: rent
.law. Le Roy place. Sacramento and Jones.
NICE corner flat: 5 rooms and bath. 1002 ila-
son St.. near Sacramento.
NOE. 1056 — New flat; modern tmpwrjements:
pear 24th and Castro ears; 6 rooms. .v \u25a0 * \u25a0 .
BUSH. 1229A — Flat, 4 rooms, large cellar; rent
. >11. Apply 1223 Bush St.. basement.
MODERN flats. 1933-1937 O'Farrell st? 6 and 7
rcoms. bath, basement, yard: rent reasonable,
FI__TS FOR SALE — FITItXISHED.
EDDY, 1835 — Furnished flat; 7 rooms and bath;
rent >45. ...
FTTRXITTTR— FOR SALE.
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storage, pi.
\u25a0nog A F-rn. a W_ltehead's Storage. 1«3« MTct.
~~~ FURJTITTIIE WANTED.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market
et., bet. 9th and 10th, paying big money ror
furniture, etc ,'Phon»*Sout_ 179. . •\u25a0\u25a0
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for.fur-
citnrc. carpets, etc. 732 Mission; teLßasit 81 «.
Z. ABB LEVY. 1135 Market st. phon« Jessi*
761. pays cash and buys everything. \u25a0"
HELP WAITED— FEMALE.
8 "cOOKsTGerman families $30. JisTSo -
Cook, small hotel, city .$3O
Cook, restaurant, no room $12 week
4 tecond girls, city and Oakland. $20. $25
Cock and second - girl, same house. Oak-
land ••••_! ; * 20 > * so
German Catholic governess,-. 2 children.. ...s:;<>
Nurse girl, 2 gro*a children . ...$25
Laundress, country hotel, ..s_»
Chambermaid and waiting, hotel, country .\u25a0s'•?>
8 waitresses for cjty and country hotels.. s2s
Chambermaid, Santa Barbara \u0084..$25
Governess to 3 children :..tiO
Nursegirl. Berkeley $20
French second girl ....'..............525
40 general housework girls, city and country,
- $20. $25. S3O Call to-day.
. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Batter st.
XA OPERATORS wanted on ladles* under-
wear to work in factory. 656 Mission st..
third floor. .' - '
AA— OPERATORS —anted on ladies' shirt-
waists to work ln factory. 656 Mission st..
third floor. ; "
OPERATORS on ladles' waists. 656 - Mission
i st.. tliird floor. . -
OPERATORS on ladies' underwear. 650 Mis-
; sion St.. third floor. . ;
; WANTED — Hop pickers have a pleasant vaca-
tion and make money; lists now open; regis-
ter early lists close as soon as required num-
ber of pickers is secured. AMERICAN 'HOP
AND BARLEY COMPANY. 227 California.
WAITRESSES desiring good positions will call
at once: steady positions awaiting them.
Room ' 3lS. James Flood bullrlinjr., \u25a0' •
RELIAULE girl for general housework and
cooking; 9 until 12 a. m.; references. 21o»
Pacific aye.
RESTAURANT: fine location; low rent; doing
good business;* must sell account of other
business. - Box 5449, Call office.;. '
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
cltyor country. Pacific. Collection Co., 415
Montgomery 6t., rooms 9-10. • Tel. Maln'ssSo.
COM-ECiriON"- OFFICES.
NEXT to postofnee, bank, express office —
Corner saloon to rent: -Address box 512,
HoUister. Cal. . .
BARBER 6hop for sale; $125; good stand; next
to posrtGfnce: good for $40 a week. Address
CHARLES POOL, Guerneville, Cal.
WANTED — Painting, paperhan^lng. tinting,
otc; <btrictly, first-class at moderate prices.
Box 7SOS. - Call office. "- -
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL COMPANY. 4
.- Perfect , painless \u25a0 dentistry -at lowest prices.
Full set of teeth;. s2: silver nllings, ; 25c; gold
fillings. ?I; gold crowns,' $3;' brldgt. work. $3.'
1104 Market St.; corner Turk. \u25a0\u25a0
DBXTISTS.
PALMISTRY.
A— RETURNED. H*. Jernme~FossellL* scientific
palmist. fil2 Mason, nr. Sutter; tel Black SCOB
GOOD corner salocn for. sale cheap: good flx-
turps. large stock. lease. <U3 Washington st.
CARPENTER shop. $230; worth $500 to the
right man. 1281 Mission et.
NEWSPAPER . route for eale in Oakland; a
good Call route in Oakland for eale. Apply
\u25a0 at Call Business Otfice for particulars.
HAY, grain,, wood and coal yard :• account of
sickness must sell. M. WRIGHT. 433 Na-
tonia «t. - •
FOR sale — Whole or half Interest In estab-
lishtd men's furnishing goods and tailoring
business: central location; near. Market Et.,
S. F. ; excellent opportunity for right party.
Address M. F. G.. box 5333, Call office.
WATCHES, diamonds. Jewelry, silverware and
sealskins' on small weekly or .monthly pay-
ments. RALPH & £D, 143 Powell, upstairs.
MEETING NOTICES.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
SOUTHERN. PACIFIC RAILROAD COM-
PANY—A special meeting of the stockholders
' cf the t'ouibtrn Pacific Railroad Company
i wi:i be fceld at the office or the company, ln
rocrc ' 12It. in the Merchants' Exchange
t.fcildirg. in the city and county of San
Franci&eo, in the State of California, the
fame being the principal place of business
of* taid corporation, and Deing the building
where the board of directors of eaid corpora-
tion ueutiliy meet, on the 28th day of August,
1505,* at the hour of !2 o'clock noon, to con-
t'.Cf-r and act upon the propositions:
First, to increase the capital Etock of said
corporation to one hundred and isixty million
£c!laxs (Il<X».0(Mj,tOO), and for that purpose to
emend article VI cf the articles of iccorjxjra-
i:cn and consolidation ot the company to
tead as follows:
'"The amount or the capital stock of 6aid
corporaticr shall be one hundred and sixty
•r.Ulion dollars ($1CO.OCO.OoO). divided into
cne million six hundred thousand (LtJCO.OOO)
tfc^ies of the par value cr one hundred dol-
itvf <fluC) each, which tail amount of capi-
ta; stork does not exceed vhe amount actually
required for the purpose* of the sild corpora-
tion, and is the an:ount actually required
t.nd ascertained to be nccessarj- for construci-
.. ing. conr.pitiing, equipping, operating and
n:ai-tai:i;i.g its road, atid is bo estimated by
«...:;.) \u25a0. ur.i engineers, at will appear by the
KTtuca estimate cf such engineers, duly
•.tinned by there, and filed In the of lice and
-principal place of business aforesaid of raid
corporation."'
And to amend paragraph third of article
Xil of the said articles to read as follows:
"The cumber cf directors of said con-
tcl'.iiLlei corporation shall be eleven (11)
atd the amount o? the capital etock of iaid
corporation ehaii lie o ne hundred and c;xty
r.-.illion dollars (tlCO.OOO.GGO), which eaid
„ t.-^cunt of capital ttock is the amount ao-
_JtUy required for the purposes of said cor-
-.poration, and io the amount actually re-
,<ji:tifcd and ascertained to be necessary for
_M_tmctiac competing, equipping, operat-
ic and rnalnvaiJiliig its road, and is bo
«£limatfcd by competent engineers ac will
epptar by the aforesaid written estimate o'
ca:d ent:neers. (July tigned by them and en
fc.e as aroresald. t-aid capital stock of s*id
corporation shs.il be civided into cne million
iix hundred thousand O.COO.UUO) shares
cf the par value of cne hundred uo'lari
<|10C) tach. of which said *hares o* Bald
capital etock the foilcwing have been sub-
tcrib&d by and allotted to the stockholder
. of ttid constituent corporation*, as herein
*:ier t et forth, to wit:" nereia-
• "To ibo Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, incorporated, organized and " T i«ir? r
ur.c t r the Jaws cf the State of California*
•nd to its shareholders, one million and
.fourteen tliousaud two hundred acci foitv-in*
Sarwl^* 7 " le - LuEdred:hi a.01«.2_ eoJlOO*
•To the Eouthern Pacific Hailrcad o«—
Vir.y, incorporated, organized infi,?:
ur.es.:- ifce laws of the Territory o? Z?;*?* S
and » to fl« ttockl,o!der*. on. h°ndred
J^«JM^ ££?** nine hu W*_f X
•ra cxißting under the Uw< 0 ' _i -51 n lzti
cf Kew Mn'.co and to Its S_sSi*" r
*:tty-*i £ ht thousand eight hu-Jd'_f M « r !!
n*bty-el«tt («B.SS£) Ehares." CU:l(1 - e^ "3
wxawitaeot corporittJcn. .h_!° bbea ece v a e c^ ° f # « «J
-.ten. by the stld fcnso'idated %£ *, t0
paid «p textm ot the cvZt*^? 0 !?"?
cccsoaUateil corporation cut \u0084r ,v {. tbe
•hereof e ubscrlbe<J by and ai: o of» f A c ,8ha"», 8ha "»
.tockholuers o t their resp~*yec° It th *
corporation, to the like __££*, c S"f," tu * nt
«oU*r. at tfcelr par value with the lir v i ° T
\u25a0 t the Kbares held by *uch >:oekh^L f*
their r«i«ctiTe cor.stituent cor->oV*tt™.. m
Thejeafu-r ar.d secondly. toTS.T ,
amcur.t in the agKrcgat* of «S_2Si l ? the
tlxty mUlicr. dollars (SIGO,O^J ocfcf' d f ed a " d
cci;x cf the United States (a jicrt'on i Kol<l
It to be uted in retiring ejeistic:* y,~ ? J , v J i ' iCh
cebtedness). enrt to Jncreate the ?°" ded -o-»
ifbteCncss of »aid corporation J? 0 "" 2^ ir >-
uiitur.t In the aggregate <;r one hu,?^ l Z tb "
.Ixty raillicn dollars mno.Ooooooi i , d aUII
coin cf the United States, and ,„ ' ln *°'<1
said prcroEed bonded indebt»d a //. CUr v tte
mortgage upca the railroads, 'raVTJTu? by *
I rcperty cr tbe company now own^i ca \. Md
«rtc-r acquired, and the incorn-. ?? or nere "
-uch part thereof as may be preV~wt 1 or
the mortgage: and to determine th^ t ed ln
:»r-» of raid bonds and raortcit rm and
tuthorize the Board of Directors t«'. c £ (I t0
tuch action as they may deea E i?.« vk * *"
ixpcdlest in the premises. "cessary or
Dated the 2sth day of June 1935
I;y crdtr of the Board of Directors"
I. it. 'Wiwlcrrp—
'•"SSUUJ. **' Soul!3era p «'Sc iSfroaa
N. T. SMITH.
E. K. CALVI.V
\u25a0 mujAM-Hobb
JAMER X. _ XVILSOxf"
CHAS. V. I.TNCOLJC
G. _. KING
Dlrectem of eaJfi Southern Pacific Railroad
Company. " v
INNCAIi MEETIN(3 — The Risdon Iron and
Loco— otive Work* — The annual meeting of
the ftockholCers of. the Rlsdon Iron ana L»-
cosnotive Works for .the election of trustees
for the ensuing year and the transaction* "of
*uch othrr burinefs as may be brought before
the m cetinpr will be he.d at the office of the
company. 29S Steuart st., San Francisco, on
MONDAY, the 7th dcy of August. 1005, at II
• clock _ m. AUGUSTUS TAYIXJR. Sec-
retary. -
ALL kinds second-hand bicycles bought, sold
and exchanged. J. W. FRY. 1526 Polk st.
JOHX D. SPKECIvUXS Proprietor
t ' • A&&re*s Communications to
JOHN McXAUGHT Manager
\\. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
, * Afk for THE CALL. The Operator
uect You With the Deparurcnl Tr-u v\l«n-
r»»blicatio_ Office.... Market and Third. S. F.
1-iitorUi Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson «t
- Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 78
'Ct«. Per Month. Single Copies D Cts.
Terms by Mall. Inducing Postage (Ci_h Wl.n
DAILY CALL (Inelud. Sunday). 1 s****" " " $ f " S2
DAILY CALL (lcclud. Sunday). « mos... i ; w
DAILY CALL— By Single Month •£=
SUNDAY CALU 1 Year *•{,£
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year^ ,. ... .. •• V." '"Extra
FOR-XGX lgXy~.:*i*l £r YeSr §5£
' POSTAGE, i\ve«k>y .1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTER^ ABB ATTHOBI2KD
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Baicple Copiss will b» forwarded when re-
quested. , ,
£reeT«ho-d be particular to give *>£*f
A-v3 OIM ADDRESS in oraerto insure i
prompt and correct oompliaac* with tn«lr r«-
*.ue«t
OAKLAND OFFICE:
!(_• Broe_way Telephone Main 1083
A_J_4EDA OFFICE:
;_* Tu*. etr*«t. N«*r Bant* Clam Avenue.
Pboo« Alameda SC9.
E~R~~L~Y OFFTCB:
dig Center Btrset Telephone North TT
WASHIXOTON* CORRESPONDENT:
JAMES fi. TYLER Pest Bolldln*
JTETV YOKK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentaao, 81
r&iea 6cu_-ei Murray Hill Hotel j Fifth-*—* nu»
Hotel tad HoSnu House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
6her— an House: P. O. Ntews Co.; Great
• Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Pal— er House.
CHICAOO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KP.OGNESS, Msxo.uette Building
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
6TEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bulldln*
NEW YORK CORP.ESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Squar*
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco CalL
corner Market acd Third streets; opea until
12 o'clock every night ln the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
100S Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. zn.
SCti Montgomery aye,; cpen until 0 p. m.
£w Hayes etreet; open until 0:30 p. m -
Ci:9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. ra l
cis Larkin 6treet; open until 9:30 p. m.
IS±U Mission Etreet: open until 10 p. m.
ICC Eleventh- etrc-et; cpen until 9 p. m.
lCj»6 Valencia street; upen until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. ra.
2200 FlUmore street; open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVCVG TOWJf
FOR TUE SUMMER.
<".VL.L Htibscrtberß contemplating .a
change of residence during tbe Mummer
months can have their paper forwarded
\u25a0 by mail to their new addrevs by notify-
ing TUE CALL Buwinexft Office. Thia
paper Trill alao be on tale at all mmmer
reitorts au>l is represented by a local
rijii-ut in all towns on the coast.
FOR Auld Lang Syne — St. Andrews' v - Jt.
Society will celebrate the anniver- £i Cjl
sary of the birth of Sir Walter >KJvX£s
Soott on MONDAY EVENING, 14th *e_9*
of August ln Scottish Hall. 107 Larkin Bt.
Professor H. Morse Stephens. M. A., will de-
liver an address on the genius and works ot
Scott Bongs, recitations, etc., taken from
the works of Scott will be rendered by the
best talent procurable. • Ticket* 25c. to be
had of John Reid 4 Son 78 Geary st. of
from members of the eociety.
THE picnic of the Rebel Cork Benevo- %^\j
lent Association' will be held ln Shell VWil
Mound Park, Berkeley. SUNDAY. Jovvfl
August *;. 190 S. Very valuable pCJgS?
prizes. Including a Domestic sewing p»
machine, for first gate prize; cash prizes
galore. Come and bring your friends to
the Rebel Cork picnic. Sunday, j August 6,
R. F. BUCKLEY, Secretary.
GOLDEN Gat* Lodge, No. 30, F. and A. fi
M.. will assemble at Masonic Temple, <jy
SUNDAY. August 6.-19C5, at 1 p. m.
to conduct the funeral of our^ late
Brother HENRY HETHERINGTOV Master
Masons and friends of deceased respectfully
lnvit«l.
EDWIN L. MEYER. SecreUry.
MEETING NOTICES — Continued.
SALOON for sale; expenses reasonable. 168
Fourth st . .
FILLINGS, - 25c and 50c; crowns. < $2.""> NEW
YORK DENTISTS. oG9. Mission.- SE. cor. Cth.
RESTAURANT: cheap: cash or time, or will
rent with privilege.- G4O Commercial st.
GOOD Call route for sale. Apply at Call
office.
Accordion, 'sunburst 'and I knife I pleatln/i." Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory/: 110 Taylor.
JAPANESE would' like work of any kind for
half day. J. KATO, 34U • Mason st; phone
•t James 5251.
WANTED— First-class girt for general house-
work (4 adults); must be a good cook 1940
Summit \u25a0 ,t. cor. Prospect. C__a_i. -
\ THE v LYCEUM." an j accredited : preparatory
•: school ; for university, '• law. . medical .'colleges;
rets..""-' Pres. '. Jordan or •' any Stanford ' prof. ;
iumracr session, begins June 5."'. Phslanbldg.
FOR eale — Dellcateecen and restaurant; good
place for. man and wife. Box 8200. Call.. \u25a0 \u25a0
McDOWELLi Dressmaking and Millinery School
\u25a0 — Eve. class; ; patterns cut : 1190 Mruket st.
WANTED — Lady for outside salesman- no
'canvassing: salary. paid. Address box 3M6.
Call. ' .
COMPETENT.' sober young man wants position
\u25a0 aa fireman \.r assistant. engineer. w. 2s4 4th st
DRESSMAKERS AND' SEAMSTRESSES.
A COMPLETE flavoring extract' plant: - mvi;
stocked: value $2500.. Box - 7633, Call '• of flee.
ENGINEER with 10 years' experience; a gooJ
.'.. machinist, desires position.. Box 7730. Call.
NEAT young girito assist with light upstairs
work and children; $15. 511 Cole st, n"ar
Haight. -
UP-TO-DATE cutter desires; position; city or
. country. ;- Box 5.135, . Call. .' .
AMERICAN School ; for - Opera I and Drama —
\u25a0 : Places ' praduatea through the Theatrical | Ex-
\u25a0' change in Europe and, Amcrlca::vocal (Italian
method); - opera, "drama," concert, vatidevillv.
.Sketches, plays,: songs and music • written. , Tel.
: 'East 4461; v Mme." Jenny, Warrl' Hays.': director; 1
;.'\u25a0 Mmei'tTregear.'; bus., manager.', 1225 Geary! st
EDI' C ATI ON A I*i
GARDENER wishes situation on private place;
-understands 'greenhouse;, generally useful:
, references. : Box .775.V Call office.
, <"
DE-LAIJFF. magnetlst. 700 Bush: hours 1-5;
'- nervous. : mental Ills: habits cured; no drus*.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 144: i' Market. , nr. 11th—
No cbanre for; extracting-' when t plates are
made; old plates made over- like new;s teeth
from JS per Bet extracting 50c; gas jrivpn. ;
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver.'* 35c: crowns, \ $2. no
pain; op. Sun. .Dr.A.C.Hewitt. 101^ Grant ay.
YOUNG German would like work on prlvati
'place; thoroughly understands care of horses,
. cows and garden: references. ; Box 7751. Call/
BARKEEPER. : young man, wishes position In
; saloon: or- liquor store: sober steady: best ol
references. ., C. W.. 557 Folsom st. .
MME. :< MAY, . pa,lm!st and : cardreader. :? 3832
- Eighteenth -.st. 'nr.- Sanchez;. hrs. '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 1 to C; 50c.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— Cannot break;
wiirranted 20 yrs. ;• crowns,- $3 50; fillings 50c;
plates. $5;. full • *et; fa!! . work _\u25a0 painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
MRS. E. J. WILLIAMS, spiritual adviser: none
i better, in city. 110 Sixth st.room 8/ ._•
\VANTED- : -Positlon v ..by " .experienced stenog-
rapheTTand office. assistant; references; mod-
erate salary. Box 7651, Call. \u25a0
EARLE'S seance' Sun.. Wed..- 219 Eddy st;
.readings.'- Hoti»l'Hleelnj>. '" O'Farrell : st. +
YOUNG carpenter; • a years* ; experience In th«
trade with tools.' is looking for a position.
Box >>&>»."- Call. •\u25a0;.:.- -
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
, life reader.- 120fi Market, r.- 10. Gait House.
SPIRITUALISM.
BY 'a ;\u25a0 strong. -" sober, . steady - young ; man. \u25a0 any
kind of work-in city ; references. Box 7745.
Call; office. - - < ' \u25a0 \u25a0 • -
MRS." SHAFFER, clslrvovant. card reader." has
' removed from 10S Sixth st> to '95 1 "Mission.
A' \u25a0•SOBER. ! industrious, middle-aged German
. wishes position of .any kind on a private
place; city or country. Box 5351. Call.
LIFE readings this week only." 10c up. MME.
EILERSFICKEN. 536 Turk; -hours 10 to>9.
BARTENDER, young, sober, steady, wishea
position as extra or. steady work; working 2
days a week at present. Address box 7«35.
. Call-office. •
MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion — Jar. : 25c up. 17 3d. next Examiner bid.
WHOLESALE .house position wanted; any-
thin?; Eastern man, age 37; 14 years* prac-
tical" buctiKss experience: strictly, temper-
ate: references. '-, Box 7625. Call.
MME. KHONENBERG. clairvoyant, card read-
er.' palmist; when others fall>try me; good
reading 25c: no sign. 102%0th.tnr. Mission.
Rooining-Honaes and Hotels— Continued
Rooming-Houses and Hotels for Sale.
ALL who desire good positions should attend
this college; 'we have had 250 good Place 3
since March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
lege.- 73S Mission st' : \u25a0
EDUCATIONAL — Continued.
A— s3oo; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
. store, with rooms; kept by owner .7 years;
must be sold at once; owner to leave the
city. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
at a cost of $1800; offered for $1250 to make
QUICK SALE.
BANKABLE SURPLUS $150 monthly.
MARION rtRIFFIN.
970 Market et,
—OPPOSITE "THE EMPORIUM.."— "
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. CoL : Cal. B. C. stu-
dents; with us: stenographers trained; pos 1 "
tiona secured. 925 Golden Gate. Webster Ja Co.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1905.
13
MOjVKV TO LOAN — Continnfd.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you se«
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 812 Mutual Bank b:d.
TO salaried people without security. The Wh.n
Co.. 420 California st.. rooms 14 and 15.
ALL leans on diamonds & Jewelry at .2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. SoS Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes w *">ou l
lndorser. MORRELL -<M» Examiner bldg.
MONEY WANTED.
WANT""to~bonw^7so on my diamonds fo"
30 days; will pay $50 for use of money:
private party only; don't answer unless you
are responsible. Box 54&4. Call.
WANT to borrow from private party $350 on .
diamonds for 30 days; pay back $375; ret-
erences exchanged. Box SS2O. Call.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOB SALE.
SECOND-HAND water pipes that will stand
pressure In lengths of irom 12 to M reel.
with all couplings (new) and recut threads,
covered with paraffine paint, ready to use.
1 In.. 3^c ft.; 1% in.. 0c It.; 2 In.. 8c ft.
2h in., 10c ft.; 3 m., l^c 11.: 3Vi BC l sc ft -
4 in., 19c per ft.; 5 in.. 24c ft.: « In.. 30c ft.
To avoid unnecessary correspondence wa
will cay that this Is all right and guaran-
teed; send money by Wells, Fargo & Co. s
Express or mall order.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY COMPANY.
Office. 130 Beale at.. S. F.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumpe,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: s*e Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY Cp.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables: easy payment* ; we rent tables
with privilege of buying modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. 625 Mission St.. S. F.
LARGEST stock In city; second-hand belting,
also planing mill machinery, engines, boilers
RDd electrical machinery. JOHNSON &
HORAN. 602 Third st.
ALL kinds of second-hand machinery, boilers,
engines, shafting and pulleys bought and
sold. ARMSTRONG & CO.. 005 Market St.;
phone South 87.
A— BUYS., sells and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW, 336 Main st.
fcxlO PORTABLE engine and boiler: wood,
coal or straw burner; good order. G.
KETSCHER. 960 Union St.. Oakland.
FOR sale cheap— Double cylinder gas or oil
engine; 20-horeepower. Apply corner Army
and Condon sts.
A— GENT'S full dress suits to rent. J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton st.. second floor.
PUNCHING bag stand, brass, nickel finish;
cost $40; make offer. 7 Grant aye.. room 2.
10.000-GALLON tank gas engine; over 1500
feet of pipe; 3 sizes. Box 83Stt. Call.
SCHOOL books bought and exchanged.
KING'S Old Book Stcre. tfl McAllister ft.
ST. BERNARD dog for sale. Inquire 310 MIs-
»lon st. See MR. GEO. BAUER.
ELEGANT W. W. Montague range; cost $30;
$12 50. 213 Fourth st.
SMITH-PREMIER typewriter; good order. Ap-
ply 1833 Mnrket st.
MILES of plp« and fittings, all sizes, cheap.
EUGENE RILEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo St.
A VERY fine 25-stone lady's diamond studded
locket at a bargain. 10 Sixth st.
ALL kinds camp furniture rented. ROSS-
McMAHON CO.. 35 Market St.
ARMY shoes. $1 55: U. S. N. fiannel shirts,
$1 20: open eve. Mechanics' Store. 574 4th.
TWO merry-go-rounds; one miniature railway.
BACIOALUPI, SOS Kearny st.
HIGH, grade 2d-hand office safe and wagon
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO., 216 California.
SAFES — New anJ second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st.
2D-HAND bldg. material: lumber, door. «ash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. lb*O7 Market.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. BULLAP.D & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAXA^V^Hlghest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel, qavis 825. 650 Sacramento.
WILL pay highest prices ror all kinds good
canoff clothing. 922 Folsom: tel. Jessie 44rt.
DIAMONDS, etc.. bought for cash. Karl Eber
& Co.. 4W-401 Adams bldg.. 2C6 Kearny Bt.
BUILDINGS and building material bought. The
Dolan Co.. I«KV7 Market et. ; phone Jessie 2921.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS^
blesT renting stock In the city; good uprights
at $2 per mo. : some at $2 60: our own make.
$3- cne year's rental allowed oft purchase
price. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
A LARGE stock of standard pianos; all mor*
or less used: prices $o5 up. BENJAMIN
CURTAZ & SON. 16 O" Farrell St.; Chicker-
lng agency. r,
MAHOGANY, upright, parlor grand piano;
good as new; must be sold this week. 554
Valencia.
ALMOST given away: unredeemed storage pi-
anos. furn :^_WhlteheadJsstora£e ;^lffl6^Mkt^
MUST sell tfc-day: elegant Fischer upright.
584 Valencia ?t.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
VK\V uprlcht pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
menta. SCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chick«ring baby grand.
gheninger little used. Keeffe's. 255 O* Farrell.
. PERSONALS.
LADIES, attfntlon — Two competent ladles,
pupils of Delsarte and Mme. Priest, will
take a limited number of ladles, wishing to
reduce their superfluous flesh: full Informa-
tion. Call 1225 Geary si., first floor, or
phone East 4461.
AT less than cost: uncalled for suit*, over-
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
STAR hair remedy, tcnlo. restores color, cures
dKndruff. stops falling: druggists, hairdress-
er!". Star Remedy Co.. S2l Polk st. <.r .'
NOTHING down. $1 a week to keep w»ll
dre*«ed. Peerless Tallnrine Co.. 231 Post st
8 BRAND new tallcr-nr.acle men's suits, cost
$25. for $0 75. 440 Bush. nr. California Hotel.
50 ASSORTED souvenir ' postal cards prepaid
lOC BACIGALUPI. 7*6 Mission st.
$1 A WKEK: suits to order $13 up. LEMOS.
1127 Morket St.. between Seventh ft Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, piny books, wigs.
country orders GOLDSTEIN .fr CO.. 733 Mkt.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
REMOVAL — The Golden West Broom Factory
has moved from 630 Clay st. to 723 same
street, above Kearny. '
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treat* all diseases of the human body: for
pas>t four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous .herb doctor — All dls-
eagea cured by Chinese herbs. 746-S Clay st.
PILES CURED.
PILES. FISTULA, etc— Cured to stay cured;
only humane cure; no knife, danger or hind-
rance to business: 7000 cured; why net you?
no salve proposition: Investigate. THOMA3
J. KISNER. M. D.. Columbian bldg.. S. F.
~~ PARTNERS WANTED.
YOUNG man under 30, with $50; agreeable,
profitable business: no experience necessary.
i Box \u25a0 7SP3. Call office. ..
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented: U. S. and foreign;
patent law. F. P. MEDINA. 532 Market st.
' STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third: phone Grant 161.
UNION Square Transfer and Storage Co.. 804
Van Ness aye. ..Phone East 4 IS. Storage,
moving, packing; cut rates on freight.
CONKLIN'S storage; furniture and merchan-
dise: Gnlden Gate & Larkln: phons East 12U.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 231.
PIERCE — RODOLPH— Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Fillmore: tel. West 82S.
BEKINS Van and Storage- Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.: tel Main I.MO. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith; Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rental:), $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 53G California sJ.
2D-HAND - typewriters sold., rented, retired.
Webster Typewriting Inapec Co . SOS Market.
MONEY TO LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty leans, stocks and bonds.
Ugacies and undivided Interests In property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.....
Euite 107-litf Crocker bldg. ; phone Main 3024.
R. HcCOLGAN.
Rooms 301 and 302 Hearst building.
Third floor. Examiner • entrance.
Deal directly with lender and save expense.
1-ioans any amount at '<Vi and tt per cent
On first, second and third mortgages.
REAL ESTATE IN PROBATE.
Undivided Interests In estate and property.
Money advanced to prevent foreclosure.' ~
NO DELAY.
I'hone Main 6516.
AA— MONEY TO LOAN
On furniture, pianos, warehouse receipts or
security of any kind, without removal; we
make loans on the EASIEST PLAN In ths
WORLD: payments to SUIT YOUR CON-
VENIENCE: In case of SICKNESS or losa of
EMPLOYMENT we EXTEND THE LOANS;
you take no chance of LOSINO your GOODS.
This is a TRUST COMPANY: our rates ar#
RIGHT and no DESERVING PERSON Is re-
fused; CASH ADVANCES made to salaried
people. LINCOLN FINANCE CO.. rooms 15-
16, 7?9 Market ft.. opi>. I'helan^.bulldlng.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-«03 Examiner bulldlne.
Quick settlements: no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided tntcr-
csts, assignments of r«nts, property in trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and .undivided in-
- terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN.
A reasonable amount on
Ist. 2d or Sd
Mortgage? on real estate.
.* In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office. '
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 1
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
078 Market *t.. tel. Main 1644. Branch, 1192
Market *t. and 27 < Third st.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without security
or indorsement knowledge of employer or
»ny one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and tret terms. Drake. 4.V1 Parrott bldg.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants. ' teamsters, boarding-houses, without
Eecurlty easy payments: large business In 40
principal cities. TOLMAN. 653 Parrott bid;.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or other security: lowest
rates; no commission; confidential. 506-7
Donohue bldg.. S Taylor ft., corner Market.
MONEY loaned on collateral and can be paid
In small weekly or monthly instalments at
low rates of Interest. RALPH & ED., 143
> Powell st., upstairs.
A Lowest rates on real estate, Ist or 2nd mort-
gages life insurance, or on any security: any
amount O. W. BECKER, 30 Geary, room 3tt.
ORIGINAL Uncle Bill — It you look for lowest .
rate of Interest and square deal. Old Flood
bid.. *09 Market, cor. 4th. «ulte 1; est. I*» 3.
ALVA CO <The) loans money to salaried people
without "security: good terms and easy pay-
ments: alaft on other security. 507 Flood bldg.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of Interest; gold,
diver, diamonds pearls and precious : stones
\u25a0 boußht at W. J.'HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth »t. .
LOANS on diamonds, watches and jewelry;
private offices. 400-401 Adams building, 208
Kearny nt. Glr.be Mercantile and Loan Co.
SALARIED people without security: also on
furn., estates In probate, life Ins. policies, etc.
; ;-. Empire Loan & Invest. Co.. 612 Parrott bldg
WE loan on property 65 to 80 per cent on valu-
ation. ; If you need money - see us.
McGAR VIE & CO.. 720 Market st.
MONEY. Money. .Money. '.
Any, proposition, 49 2d St.. Welis-Fargo Ex-
. press b'.dg. -Wage Earners' Invt. & Loan Co.
A — ONE per 'cent per month on valuables.
\u25a0 PORTLAND JKWKLRYCO.. 25 Stockton »U
AN Y- amount 'real tstate or other security;
$100 up.-W.'j. WHITE. 20 Montgomery, r. 3.
LOANS— Salaried people: "confidential"; 2 per
cent ; chattels, etc. d5O Montgomery, r. 518.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SAIK.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
Real Estate Azents
and
Publishers "S. F. Real Cstats Circular,"
5 Montgomery st.
URGE INCOME PROPERTIES.
$16.000^ — Rents $155 50 a month- near Frank-
lin and Fulton; new bulMinx. all rented, and
will remain so at present cheap rents.
JI3.SCQ— Rents $126 5O a month: corner, with
three frontages: good brick bulldln« and one
new frame building; downtown; ciooa to Thlrtl
and Bryant.
$10,000— Rents $36 50 a month: B«vtathst.
corner; 3-story building.
$7250 — Rents $74 a month; S-story building
of store and 2 flats; near Post and Taylor.
$6500 — Rents $74 6O a month; corner south.
of Market: OS feet frontaxa.
$3600— Rents $36 a month: four fiats; near
Eighth and Bryant.
\u25a0 V
THOMAS MAGEE * SONS.
- 5 Montgomery st. "
CENTER & SPADER.
11 Montgomery st.
By order of the executors of the last will and
testament of HENRY HORSTMAN. deceased,
we offer for sale the following described prop-
erty:
3E. line of Howard St., 117 feet NE. from
Seventh, thence NE. alone Howard st. 43 feet,
by a uniform depth <rf 100 feet.
NW. line of Harrison st. 113 1-12 feet NE.
from Sixth, thence NE. along Harrison st.
24:5 1-12 feet, by uniform depth of SO feet.
NW. line of Howard St.. 200 feet NE. from
Fourth, thence NE. along Howard St. 50 feet
by a uniform depth of 70> feet.
SE. line of Berry st.. 275 feet SW. from
Fifth, thence SW. along Berry st. 45 10-12 fe«t
by a uniform depth of 2 JO feet.
Undivided one- half Interest In the following:
PE. corner Bryant and Eighth sts. and hav-
ing a frontage of 100 feet on Eighth and 60
feet on Bryant.
Offers for any of the properties herein de-
scribed accompanied by a 10 per cent deposit
will be rectrtve.l by CENTER & SPADER at
any time prior to August 7. 19C3.
The highest acceptable offer will b« pre-
sented to the Probate Court for confirmation.
CENTER & SPADER.
11 Montgomery st.
BUY ONE BEFORE
THEY ADVANCE IN PRICK.
$1 25 TER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$225 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade;
close to .«chool and Mlsslon-st. electric can;
buund to double in value.
$400 each on Installments of $t0 per mesth:
no taxes; fine lots; near Ocean boulevard: bent
residence location south of Golden Gat» Park;
these are the cheapest lots In this district:
advancing In price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE COMPANT
26 Montgomery st.. r. B. Phone* Main 3704.
$30l'0^ — Cottage 6 rooms: porcelain bath, cement
trays, gas: lot 40 feet frontage: cement side-
walk: birtiminlzed street: driveway, stable;
Chenery and Thirtieth sts.; on Guerrero-st.
car lln«: $1000 ca.«h; balance term* to suit
at 6 per c»nt. MISSION REALTY COM-
PANY. ar>7 Ml?slon st. -
$320rt— RENTS $27: 2 nice flats vicinity of
Sixth and Harrison «ts.; lot 25x73. with Ane
prospective value. W. H. CRIM & CO.. 113
Montgomery st.
$4700— RENTS $47; 4 nice flatn. vicinity of
Sixth and Harrison sts.; lot 37:8x80. W. H.
CRIM & CO.. lIS Montgomery st.
$15.000 — FINE 8-room house, storeroom, laun-
"nry, basement: lot 34:4«4x127:5V*. 22UC
Jackson st.. from 2 to 3 p. m.
DON'T build befor- Investigating Marshall &
Ptearns' patent fixtures for apartments an-i
cottages. Aronson bldg.. S4 Third st.
J4NGO— FINE home of ft room*. 1 block from
park: a bargain. Apply 1410 Halght st.
SPECIAL — 2 modern flat* in Western Addi-
tlcn; must sell. Call 332 Hyd» st.
FHEE— Our bnoklet en plumbing; writ* AHL-
BACH A MAYER plumbers. gtß Howard St.
REAL ESTATE — COIWTRY — For Sale.
FOR hotel, sanitarium or brautifui home. My
hom«* reserve and Chittenden Sulphur Spring*
at Chittenden. Santa Crua Co.. Cal. Only
great group of medicinal sulphur springs
easily accessible from S. F. Trains stop at
Chittenden station within 300 feet of springs.-
Fine climate, l.eautlful ecenery. best part oi
Slate. SSO»K> worth of Improvements, all new.
Great water right, fine water system, beau-
tifully landscaped grounds, every conveni-
ence; 3(S acres choicest soil; a grand p!ac«
and a great opportunity to make money.
Price $IC..C«X>. very easy terms. Owner T.
CHITTENDEN. Chittenden. Cal.
jDrtOO— 4rtO ACRES: 200 acres tillable: balanr*
pasture and timber; 20 arres In corn now;
small orchard; well watered by spring?;
house of rt rooms: a fine stock ranch; 8
miles from Nell Junction.
$1000—2% acres of choice land H ml!»
from Elmhurst station: all the land aroun-1
this Is divided In city lots: must pcD; owner
going away. HUGH H. CAMERON.
) ICSS Broadway.
$2700 CASH buys a fine Utt!« place of 12 acres
in the poultry center; a hew bard-finished
4-room cottage, with bathroom and pantry,
stable and double chicken house and * cas*<l
well of fin* water: «lso 10*^ acres unim-
proved for J1W0: easy terms anr! a hi* bar-
gain. Write to the owner E. ARTHUR.
Cotatl. Sonoma County, pal. -- \u25a0 > . y
FREE— BEST CATALOGUE OF POULTRY
FRUIT. ALFALFA. DAIRY AND STO«-K
RANCHES. RURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Mont-
gomery »t.. Sun Francisco, Cal.
CALIFORNIA land; alfalfa, corn, fruit, vines,
grain, stock, suburban: moderate terms: cata-
logues free. C. M. Wooster Co.. 643 Market.
WE lead them all for poultry ranches. Batch*)-
or & Starke. Penngrove. Sonoma County. Ca!.
BURLIXGA3IE REAL ESTATE. '
ON \u25a0 cold, fozzy day take a ride to Bur-
Ilngante and note the difference In ellmat*.
You will enjoy the cueing. A delightful plies
close to the city. Beycnrf question the lot*
we are offering for sate directly at the sta-
tion are the best bargains In the market: bisr
lots. 505150 and larger, for $450; term* $?O
cash, $10 monthly. Only a few lots left at
these low prices. Office on grounds.
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
ONE of San Francisco's most eharmlr* sub-
urbs Is Mill Valley: It Is growing so t»st:
we have a few lots left In our tract right
at the station, commanding grand view nt
bay ami mountains: some are covered wltit
trees; all the streets are sewered: wa'er
mains laid: prices rang<" from $300 to $65<>:
terms 10 per cent cash. $10 monthly. Agent \
on tract Sunday. LYON & HOAO. 11*
Montgomery st.
SAUSALITO REAL ESTATE.
I HAVE some desirable property for sale In
Sausallto: both Improved and unimproved:
cash or terms. See W. H. ATKINSON, room
60, ChronlcU building.
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED — Good income property. W. J.
MORGAN & CO.. Investment Bankers. 79
New Montgomery st.
PROPERTY WASTED.
LET us submit your property to our clients;
we have buyers for city real estat* ranging
from $2500 to $250,000. Call at our offlcus
or drop us a line statin? where our repre-
sentatives can see you.
S. TV. CROZIER COMPANT.
230 Crocker Bids. Phone Main 554.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SCPPLIEJ*.
BARGAIN days at the White , Co.* a office.
Shopworn machines, dropheada. equal to new.
at one-third usual price. Uaed sewing ma-
chines. Rood ones, of other makes, at from
$3 10 $». 915 Market st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand al! makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Dom»j-
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL ktndj second-hand. $3. $5, $3; slightly
used. $10 $15 and $20. You know wh*r-»
dolla swing in the window. 1051 Market it.
DIVIDE.VP NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.. Giant Station, Cal. — A dividend.
No. SO. of fifty cents per share on the lsau«4
"capital stock of the company has been de-
clared payable at the San Francisco offlo
of the company, roomi 202, 204 and 206 Kohl
bulldins. on August 10, 1905; transfer books
close August 3. 1905. at noon. C. C. QUINN.
Secretary.
" Continued oa !'»«« 14,
JICLPJIVANTEDu— FEMALE — Continued j
FOUR chcrr.berrr.aids and 4 waitresses for j
yjung- ladies' school. ?25 each. Call early,
MItSS FLUNitETT, 4^a Satter, near Powell.
OiKLS to leirn hairdreesir.g. manicuring. ma»-
?^rc. etc.. ircm A to 55 in 1 mo. for $5 to
those entering now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
teed at $lv per »itk up; ilt-y and evening
cltxra. Collet--». 234 Post et.. room 17, 2d floor.
WANTED — Girls to iee.ru millinery for fall; 2
WrM frcm t-tart to finish in 1 roo. for $15;
H>!-ili;;cg guaranteed $12 per week up; learn
f.ow for Aug. posUlcns. 5ch001. 234 Peat, r. 16.
MILLINERY taught 1 mo. for $5; learn now
for Aug. positions: kits, guaranteed; eve.
techool only. 234 Poft St.. room 16.
.'i OMEN and clrts wanted Immediately; also
• xperienced cancers; steady work and high-
est pay. Apply CALIFORNIA CANNERIES
CO.. 423 Brannan St.. btt. Third and Fourth.
WANTED — First-class etarch ironer. Stan-
ford Laundry. I'alo Alto. (New owners.)
WANTED— A tailored. 112 Sutter st.
STENOGRAPHER manted; German lady pre-
ferred. Box 8482. Call office.
ASSISTANT typewriter and stenographer
\u25a0 war ted. Box fr4o3. Call otnoe.
A NEAT rirl for second work and sewing. 1180
t O'Farrcll st.
WANTED — Glrle and boys, 1G years and older.
Apply American Can Co.. 7th and Townsend.
— Young women who are experienced
dry roods wrappers. Apply between 9 and 11
a m. at II a LI": BROS.'
A YOUNG woman who is an experienced
cashier war.ted. Apply between 9 and 11
, a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — A competent bead trimmer asid
workroom tnanaeer, who has had depart-
ment store experience; those who have not
f^rved !n like capacity need not apply. Write
with full particulars to O. A. HALE & CO..
Ban Jose.
WANTED — Young women who are experienced
dry goott bunuie wrappers. Apply between
ii and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WOMEN and gir's wanted; s'so canners;
* s*.e»Gy work guaranteed for balance of the
ecason on pearr. peaches and tomatoes. Ap-
I'iy immediately. California Preserving Co.'s
Factory. Beach and Dupont ets., at North
Beach seawail.
AN enjoyable prcEtaLle outing; pick hops In
Aucist; #pW:al rat* tickets now ready;
come early as only a limited number can
t>e peld. E. CLEMENS HOKST CO.. 122
Hattrry rt. "\u25a0\u25a0:.-.\u25a0••-'•\u25a0\u25a0•
HOP pickfrs wanted; best accommodations;
earliest poking; families preferred. For par-
ticulars call from 10 a. m. to •* p. m.. room
17. 315 California st.
BEWXXG machine cjtjrators en overalls; no
experience n»-c<»far}'- LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32* i Fremont et. MR. DAVIS.
WANTF.D — Girl atsli-t light housework, lllfl
McAlliStT St.
PERMANENT heme fancy work for ladies
giver, at 1344 Markft St.. opp. 7th. 9 to 5.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call brench c;nce. ccr. Duncan & Church sts.
A BSAKCSf offico of Th* Call for the recep-
tion <-f «<ivt r*.!*<>rf:er.t» atia subscriptions has
been cyer^i at H"os Market St., opposu,*
Fi'-.h. Opm cottl 11 p. m.
M \Hl<i;if« — i:ni(>i<»'inrnt and Supplier.
BABBSBS. TAKE NOTICE.
Special meeting Monday. August 7. Adop-
tion of by-laws. Ali must be present. $1
flue for non-attendance. JOS. R. BLEILY.
|HSO— TWO-CHAIB barber eftop. eompiete; In
Mission good location; steady trade; low
rent; must be sold: bargain. COLEMAN, 311
. James Flood buiiding.
IJAUr.ER Fh. ps. city and country; have several
Inquires for :»ir v-nyir.e Flicps; only those
that can stand Investigation may apply to
D. eTOLTZ. 72" Market st.
FIRST-CLASS burlier wanted :or Saturday and
Sunday. Aptly 24CS California st., near
Filln-.ore.
WANTKD— Uarber; J. E GOLDSBERRY
call et Merchants' Exchange Larber-shop.
WANTED— Barber at Plaza, 477 Fourteenth
ft.. Oakland.
GOOD barber wanted at 218 Montgomery aye.
GuOI) barber wanted for Saturday. G23 Clay
street.
UAliiitZU H-r Saturday and Sunday. 3053
Tw tnty-fourtb. St.
3AKBEI! war.teu for Saturday and Sunday at
4U4lj Sixth ft.
BARBER wanted; Saturday and Sunday. 217
Kourtfc ft. •
BAKBi:R for Saturday »nd Sunday; good
nagrs. 704 ttrar.r.an St.. near Sixth.
BABBEB wanted; call after neon. 561 Castro
street. _^ —
BABBEB wanted. Saturday 11 o'clock and
Sunday noon. 237H Fifth st.
KAIiBKR wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
Apply S5O Howard St.
* BARBER wanted for Saturday afternoon
end Sunday. 1552 Church et.. near 2Sth.
TWO-CHAIR barber-Fhop trr sale cheap; rent
$Ti; '.ne livtnjr rocm. 9.'^ Folaojn st.
I.GOOD barber warns a steady job Saturday
rvenlr.g after 7 ar.d Sunday. Box 771<5. Call.
BAKii^R phcip for eale; 3 chairs; living
roomt; rent f!2. 1153 Howard st.
TWO-CHAIR barber snnp for eale: $150; 402
Rrar.n«n st.. ccx. Third: trade $30 week.
BAKBER Fhop for eale: going East. 93CV4
Howard Ft.
A WEEK'S Bean for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTOPvS' EMP. AG'CY,
655 WashlnKtcn et. Phone James 3301.
FREE FARE.
30 lBborcr*>. $W). Solano County, boes here
to-day 11 a. m.; steady work.
DRILLERS— NEW WORK.
U> drillers. \u25a0\u25a0 ;-. r. cut, build roads. lons Job,
$2 25 day. *1 25 fare.
MENDOCINO COUNTY.
23 laborers, company work. *l>"7 50, fare re-
funded, board ?-*O.
Crane man. etesm shovel, city, $90, boss here.
4 laborers, placer mine, the job for you,
$2 1>7 day, cheap fare.
10 laborers, mine, couth, $40 and found; part
fare advanced.
NEAR CITY.
B laborer*, quarry work, $2 23 day, fare 150,
ETeafij" wcrk.
Ui^ker 25 cows, $22 50 and $35. south.
PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' Emp. Agency.
C 35 WeEhlr.gtcn st. Phone James 3301.
MAN to care for dairy stock. $35 and found;
fanr.er and wife, $50: bootblack. $10 week;
ftrerr.an. 525 and found; blacksmith*. $2 day
and board and $2 &« day; carpenters, <3 SO
day; fanners, $."0: milkers, $35: woodcaop;.i-rs
for tnitie; nurse. $25 and found; oule.ily, $25
and found: bedmaker. $35 and room; cy>K«,
\u25a0waiters, dishwtsfcers and others. J. F. CRO-
6ETT & CO.. C2S Sacramento rt.
WAITER, country hotel and restaurant. $35
to $40; waiter, hotel, city, $35; ar.uistant
waiter. ?Jo: kitchen hands, $25 to ?-K t-tc.
AM'HK. 317 Stockton Bt.
WANTED — A young unmarried man for a po-
sition In a country bark as bookkeeper and
• teller; must poaaea a thorough bank train-
Ing, with ii view to fill position es cashier
Inter: irt&te afce. experience and name* of
previous employers. Address box 7745. Call.
WANTED— A ccmrtter.t man thoroughly ex-
perienced in domestics and linens; one capa-
ble cf buylne and managing irjch a depart-
ment. Ad<3rrse, stating quallficatlor.s, to
bex J>49',l, Call office.
WANTED— Manager anil buyer for wash
pccids and flannels: one thoroughly up-to-date
Jn th a line and capable Of managing a de-
Tmrtrr.ent. Apply by letter, stating experl-
c!)r* and reference, bex S4M. Call office.
-
WANTKD — Bright youth for office work; sal-
ary $30. with srlendld chance for advance-
ment Apply Bupertntendent's efflce. The
Emporium.
BOYS' and ehlldren's clothing salesmen want-
ed; men with experience only. Apply early
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market ft.
YOI'NG man to afrftt in offire and do type-
•Titlnp: ralary $S0; referent**. Box S4SI,
Call office \u25a0
WANTED — Shirt polisher. Stanford Laundry,
Palo Alto (Xcw owner.)
ELDERLY wan for elevator and errand boy
» at 113 Pgvts ert.
A MAN wbo understands sorting and barrel-
ing ite«. Box 5426. Call orflce.
WANTED — At once, a good barb<?r: steady job.
Apply at Ashby station. Berkeley.
WANTED — Clothing salesman with city ex-
perieee. Apply by letter to box 8453. Call.
MACHINIST apprentice wanted. 256 Fremont
street.
WANTED — 20 m«n nt the Alcazar Theater at
9 o'clock this (Saturday) morning.
HELP WANTED — MALE — Continued, j
A— MURRAY & READY, PHONE j
O".l-t.JU Clay ft. • MAIN 0848.
leasing Employment and Labor Agents.
We cay« ia 1904 1905 we hope to
«4.0t'0 men wcrk. increase «4,000.
FREE FARE.
GOLD MINE— OTHER MINES.
ISO Flnule and dcubl* hand drillers, $90,
«Si' 50. $75.
So muckers, carmen, etc., $75.
t*3 laborers, no experience, for mines, $00.
12 laborers to learn mining $00.
IS9 drillers, quarrirs, tunnel*, etc., $75.
20 laborers. lar&'« country factory, $00.
LA BOP.EnS— TTA MSTERS.
3C5 laborers and teamsters, different Jobs,
some in San Francisco. $2, $2 25. $2 50
day; come **c us.
DRILLERS AND QUARRYMEN.
54 drillers ana quarrj-men, different places,
$67 50 to $75
FARMS.' ORCHARDS. ETC.
K5 general rnneh hnnds. $30. $35, $40 fd.
HARVEST AND HAY-BALING HELP.
Btt men, different positions, $1 50. $2 and
$2 SO day and found.
12 hay-balers, different places. 15c. 16c. 25c
ton.
CHORE MEV AND BOYS.
37 m»n and boys for chores, $15, s^o. $25, $30
ar.(s foiVid.
3 coachmtn. 2 gardeners. $40 and found.
DAIRYMEN.
26 milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30,
$35, $*0 and found.
FREE TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
3C5 laborers, fare paid; you'll suit. $J5. $40.
$43 and found.
126 exptrlenced woodsmen, mlllmen, from
piling lumber tp manager of mills and
woods. $.T., $40, $50, $t>o, $70 *SO. %M.
$125 month and found; come and see us.
STABLEMEN.
M BtaUlemt-n, different Jobs, $35 and found
to $6'>. $75.
MECHANICAL
18 BRICKLAYERS
for Seattle; your fare raid; usual wages.
Chipper, foundry, fare $3, mine, $67 50.
Blacksmith, structural work. No. 1 Job.
Brick kiln 6etter. ?73; 12 coopers, 12c each.
FJoorman, blacksmith, San Uateo, $3 day up.
Blicksniith, no shoeing, fare $1 2.*>; $50 fd.
Blacksmith or a woodworker, fare $2 50,
$3 5o day.
20 blacksmiths, horseehoere, etc., $4, $3 50,
$3. $2 st» day.
9 carpenters, build barns, etc., $3 50 day.
Blacksmith, machinist. Government Job, $75
and found.
CAR BUILDERS,
lfl car builders, $!*> a month.
25 slack coopers. J4O and found.
Sealer, luir.ber company. J75; offbearer, $.*2 50
Cement worker. R. R. company's own work,
S3 25 day.
MURRAY A READY. 034-630 Clay St.
BLACKSMITH, country club, boss here. $40
found.
COLUSA COUNTY.
2<? laborers and team»ters. J67 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
COOKS. COOKS. '. ' COOKS.
45 cooks, different places. $90. $75, $50. $40
WAITERS. WAITERS. WAITERS.
26 waiters, different place*. $45. $40. $30,
$25 round.
PIFH'.VASHERS, PORTERS. BEDMAKERS
86 c!;-hwashers. different Jobs, $35, $30, $25
f JO and found.
LAu:;r»RTMEN, bellboys.
89 laundry, all classes. $3. $2 60. $2 day.
Bell and n .\c* ator boys, different Jobs, $15,
$t> and :oiii!<i.
MURRAY & READY, (534-636 Clay st.
' MISCELLANEOUS.
20 boys, leurn trades, etc.. $4, $5, $6 week.
2 young men, candy stores, $6 week found.
LAUNDRY.
2 starch irorver*. Santa Crux, $2 25 day.
Man work about duck preserve, $25 fd., fare
paid.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— NF.W WORK— FREE FARE.
ISS Italians.
ir«s Portuguese.
155 Austrian*.
155 Spaniards or Mexicans.
155 Poles, Hungarians or Russians.
$2 day: steady Jobs: see us.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— GREAT POWER COMPANY.
FREE FARE
BOTH WAYS.
25 laborers, water <lam. $07 50.
Steady job year round: boss at our office.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
EXTRA SPECIALS.
Shingle packer, nouth. $50 and found.
ltf carpenters build barns, sheds, etc., fare
$3 50. $3 50 day.
Band sawyer, fare SI. $3 50 day.
Screw turner, big carriage L. Co., $80 found.
Turner, band sawyer, fare $1.
LOOK.
Butter-maker, north, fare paid, $40 found.
Man make Icecream, open eggs, $35 found.
4 woodchoppers. mine company, $50 found.
WEAVERS. >
12 weaver* on blankets.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
PORTLAND. OREGON.
55 yardmen, $44 and found.
65 woodsmen. $52 60 ana round.
GREAT LUMBER COMPANY.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FARMER, handy with carpenter tools, boss
here, $M 5 and found.
Oybterman. $45 to $50 and found.
Milker. Crescent City, boss here, fare' paid,
$35 and found.
26 laborers In San Francisco, $60.
LOOK.
25 drillers, not far away. $67 50.
12 ElDgle hand miners. Northern California,
$2 75 day.
ELECTRICIAN.
Electrician and lathe hand. mine, see boss
here. $90. , .„ .„
Cobbler In shoemaker's repair work, $2 60
day. country.
FOREMAN.
Foreman, country planing mill, steady Job. $4
day-
Machine hand and bench hand, country mill,
steady. $3 50 day.
Wood turner, country planing mill, fare $1,
$3 50 day.
Shir.gler. long Job country, good wages.
CORNICE MAKERS.
See boas here. Fare paid. See boss here.
6 cornice makers for Seattle, fare paid, see
boss here, 8 hours day, $4 day.
TANK ERECTOR.
Redwood tank builder, long Job, $4 to $4 50
4ay country.
MARRIED.
Cook and wife small hotel, fare 50c. $60 fd.
10 laborers to run cars, muck and general
work around mine, no experience needed,
you'll do. $60.
FREE FARE.
15 laborers around rock crusher and quarry,
free pare.
20 laborers to help carpenters and general
laboring work around big plant, free fare.
Cook. "camp, near city. French or Italian, $60
and tcund.
CARPENTERS.
6 carpenters, company work, fare 60c. $3 day.
Sticker har.d. country mill, south. $3 50 day.
Mftal spinner, city factory. $2 50 to $3 day.
Brlckmaker. by contract.
Lamp maker, city Job. pieo* work.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
NIGHT nurse. Government position, $25 fd.
Orderly man. Government pnntion, $25 fd.
Door boy or elderly man. INSTITUTION. $30
Handy man around private school, $23 fd.
FOREMAN.
Foreman for a vineyard $33 to $40 found.
SPECIAL.
Cook lumber company, boss here, $50.
SPECIAL CITY WORK.
25 laborers: you'll suit, $60.
CARPENTERS' SPECIAL JOBS.
18 carpenters. Government work. Nevada.
State $105 a month; call early.
Machine hand and run sticker, fare $1, $4 a
day.
Bras? finisher, city, $2 60 to $3 a day.
IN OAKLAND.
25 laborers, special Job. $60.
18 woodchoprxTS, $1 25 cord.
T OQI£
Walter, Eureka $30 and found.
Waiter. 10c fare. $10 a w«ck.
MCKRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
STRUCTURAL IRON WORKERS.
Man to fall and grub trees, special Million-
aire's Job.
BARTENDER AND BARBER. -
Bartender and assistant porter. .. .$1 28 day
M!d<J!e-ag«d barber.
Presser en clothes, tare paid $2 day
LINE PULLERS. ETC.
2 line pullers. Great Electric Power Co.,
$3 day.
Chorwnan. jirlvate family $30 found
Boy for pipe fitting trade $5 week
Handy man around filters, etc $12 week
Packer, city factory '. $9 week up
PAPERHANGER,
Paperhanger who can write signs, country.
2 hoe downs. 2 sack sewers, $2 day found
CARPENTERS— NEW JOB.
18 carpenters, new Job, 60c fare, build ware-
houses. $3 60 day.
ENGINEER.
Hoist engineer, mine: boss here $75
MARRIED.
Man and wife, fruit farm, north, $52 50 fd.
I Wagon driver, special light city wagon, $66
BRICKLAYERS.
2 bricklayers, plain rough wcrk, city, $4 day.
Laborer, help bricklayer $2 50 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
WANTED— Hop pickers have a pleasant vaca-
tion and make money; lists now open; regis-
ter early, lists close as soon as required num-
ber of pickers is secured. AMERICAN HOP
AND BARLEY COMPANY. 227 California.
FOUR or five good bench hands for j>lan!ng
mill; must be good cabinet-makers and hard-
weed finishers. Address Santa Clara Valley
' Mill and Lumbtr Co.. box 236. San Jose.
MEN to learn the barber trade; S weeks com-
pletes; positions guaranteed; wages earned
while learning: call or write. Glllman's T»ar.
ber College, C 27 Clay st., near Montgomery
HELP WANTED — MALE — Continued.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 COMMERCIAL ST. PHONE BUSH 833.
10 carpenters, NORTH, $97 50 to $106; 5
bridge carpenters, $3 25^ to $3 50, part frea
PART FREE FARE— IS drillers— A. Co.,
$67 50.
FREE FARE— 2S laborers, steady Job. $60.
NORTH ELECTRIC PLANT Company work,
no discount. FARE REFUNDED, good wa-
ter— 35 laborers, 3 years' J0b.. .545 to $.%0 td.
9000 other Jobs. Call and see us TO-DAY.
ERRAND boy. 1103 Market Bt. .
EXPERIENCED office man wanted; must be
a good mathematician and write a good,
legible hand. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS."
BRIGHT boys from 14 to 17 years of age
wanted for stock clerks. Apply between
9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young men to learn dry goods
business. Apply between 9 and 11 a. in. at
HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced cashiers for dry goods
store. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS."
WANTED — Young man with college education,
one who has taken up a special. English
course, as an understudy to learn advertis-
ing. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
EXPERIENCED drapery salesman wanted.
Apfily between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS/
DRESS goods salesman wanted; must be ex-
perienced. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS."
AN enjoyable, profitable outing; pick hops In
August; special rate tickets now ready;
ccme early as only a Hmltwl number can bo
sold. E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Bat-
tery st.
LEARN telegraphy and R. R. accounting; $S0
to $150 per month salary paid our graduates;
our six schools Indorsed by all railroads; day
and evening session; apply for catalogue.
Morse School of Telegraphy, 26 O" Farrell st.
WANTED — Men and. women to prepare for
postofflce, internal revenue.' bookkeeper, :le-
partment clerk and other Government posi-
tions; particulara free; open day and eve.
Pacific Correspondence Institute, 1095 Market
WANTED— IOO men to circulate petitions for
high license at the pollb on August S; will
pay $2 for day's work; must be registered
voters, honest and thoroughly reliable. Ap-
ply room 11. 212 Sansome St., 8 a.m. to 5 pm.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED— Gcod fraternal Insurance solicitor
for Oakland: a resident preferred; references.
Box 7930. Call.
WANTED— PupiIs to learn cutting and design-
in? of men's garments. School of Practical
cutting. 9ltf Market st., room 59.
MEN to learn barber trade In 8 weeks; situa-
tions guaranteed; wages while learning. Call
or address Moler's Barber College, 044 Clay.
WANTED— Men. to fill 300 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes claeets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
WANTED — An experienced , grocery clerk;
must be able to tend bar. SW. cor. Geary-
and Devlsadero sts. <
WANTED-^-Seamen and ordinary searrien for
New York. THOS: MURRAY, 510 Davis »t.
WANTED — Scnmen and ordinary seamen for
: all parts world. THOS. MURRAY, 510 Davla.
WANTED — A competent cellarman. Box 7735,
Call office.
UNION waiter; must speak Swedish; steady
day Job. Address box 8368, Call office.
WANTED— A good woodturner. • Fourth and
Fianklln ets., Oakland. ->. \u25a0:. • -. \u25a0\u25a0-.-.
MAN In sole leather room. - United Working-
men's Boot and Shoe Co., 25th and Bartlett.'
WANTED — Good railroad telegraph operators.
Apply 223 Powell st.. room 1. •
SAILORS ordinary seamen, tor Sound, south
coast. New York. Europe. Lane's, 504 Davis.
FIRST-CLASS merchant tailor's cutter want-
ed. Apply box 8044. Call office.
WANTED — Men to learn =i barber trade free.
San Francisco Barber College, T4IA Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullle, r. 40, Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
MEN to go on "«hips to Australian and other
ports. . At HERMAN'S, 27Steuart st. -
MEN wanted at 105 3d St., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; eewed soles 10 m»n., 75c
LABOR debts ; collected; - suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 40 2d St.. r. 622..
HELP WANTED— MALE — Continued.
SAILORS and young men <green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st.
•WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. nr. Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; ,35c night: reading rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
I A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been ODened at lOCS Market St.. ODposlte
Fifth. Open until 'll p. m.
SALESMEN -WANTED.
WANTED — Salesmen to sell KINLOCH
HOUSE PAINT and F. T. A. ROOF &
IRON PAINT to stores; experience unneces-
sary; excellent side lines; no samples. Pa-
cific Distributing Co.. 316 Sacramento st.,
San Francisco Cal. '
"horses and wagons.
NEW and second-bana wagons, buggies, sur-
reys and harness. LEIBOLD HARNESS CO..
211 Larkln St.. San Francisco.
SECOND-HAND 2-seated Frazier cart; panel
top wagon. O'Brien & Son Bike Bugey and
Rubber Tire Co.. 500 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale — One very fast pacer and 3 good
young horses; 1300 pounds. 411 Sixth st.
AUCTION sala of horses, \jagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. Im. 327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
gocart for sale, cheap. 532 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET. v
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & C 0.,20 Montgomery.
FIVE sunny rooms and bath; all modern Im-
provements; rent $20. 212% Fourteenth St..
nenr Howard. -__
8-ROOM Wise: 17MJ Alabama st. ; rent only
$10. MADISON & BURKE.
COTTAfiES TO LET. ,'
COTTAGE. 4 rooms, bath and cellar; rent
$20. 2769 Howard st.
INVALID CHAIRS.
$500 TO $12,500 Interest paying water bonds
•• at 8 per cent dls.: fine invt; Box 7734. Call.
SOLD rented exchanged: manufacturer of the
Eanita tricycle chair. 2013 Mkt.: tel.Park 775.
LOST AND FOUND.
$50 Rr.WARD tor one white and black spot-
ted hound, lost June C, between Cloverdale
and Boonvllle. "G. W. M." tattooed In one
car Acdrtss SID GOSHONG, Cloverdale,
Cal. \u25a0 • \u25a0 ' \u25a0 \u2666 \u25a0
LOST— A Hpht bay horse; blind in left eye;
brand J 2 one side. Finder address JOE
SOITO, Haywarda. Cal.
IRISH Setter lost on Ashbury Heights August
1. Return to 170 Tremont aye. and re-
celva reward. : ' '
LOST — Cor. 4th and Market, charm: on back 13
name J. M.' X. Please return 0 4th; reward.
LOST — Black spaniel bitch, name "Glp"' on
collar; ?2S' reward rerurn. 11 Beldeman..
LAUNCHES FOR \ HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.. for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
; MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints ami Irregularities: Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 yea!*' experience. 044 Post Ft.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. Office hours 0 to 8. Sunday
10 to 2. lOCS ¥I Market St.. opposite Fifth.
WOMEN'S diseases and Irregularities cured In
-24 hours; 1« years' experience.wlthout a fail-
ure; no trifling; strictly private; elite patron-
ose only.tDr. Sylvesters office, 1200 Market.
DRS. GOODWIN'S herb treatment; reliable,
safe prompt, tor female Irregularities; relief
or no fee: $10; hr«, 0-8- W0 Mkt. at., sulta 37
DR. C. CO' DONNELL— Office and residence
1021% Market kt., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases or women..
A— MRS. DR. GWYER. SHA Leavenworth nt..
bet: Geary and O' Farrell. . j Phone , East 697; \
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and Hlndo Herbs;
original method of treatment. ' :; 1126 Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2005 Folsom st., corner
Tw»nty-*lxth: ladles, relief or no fee: $10. -
~ MUSEUMS. .-,-.\u25a0\u25a0
DR. LIEBIO STAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
moved to 1023 Market st., near Sixth. . \u25a0
A THE CLOCK AND THE MIRROR, READ THE WANT ADS
FREE Small AdjPatrons FREE
These Nut Bowls are six inches in diameter and four inches in depth ; made in
the same rich pattern as the highest priced cut glass. This premium will be a SEASON-
ABLE ADDITION to your collection of the Call's Near Cut Glass Ware.
i •'-• •'*\u25a0 \u25a0 •'. • \u25a0'.
Free to Any Person Presenting a Small Ad
Thursday, Friday or Saturday
fOR THE SUNDAY CALL
No Ads for Sunday Call Received Later Than 9 O*Clock Saturday Night*
I CALL BUSINESS OFFICE OAKLAND OFFICE
Third arid Market Sts. 1016 BroadwayDie* of Her Injurlr*.
Jessie Moore, an aged^woman who
was thrown out of a window at 323
Third street on thfe 25th of last May
by Annie Smith, died in the City and
County Hospital yesterday. It is pre
sumed that ilrs. Moore died of the in
juries received when she was thrown^
out of the window. The Smith woma"n
was arrested at the time and charged
with an assault with intent to do griev
ous bodily harm, but was subsequently
dlscharsed in the Police Court.
FLOW OB* CALIFORNIA BITERS.
Tha following table gives a ooeap«r*tr»<a
statement for two years of tha estlmaiad flow
of certain California rlvsrt In cublo. feet par
second, or second feet. Tha figures for tha
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The figures ara by W. B. Clapp*
hydrographer. United S tat »\u25a0 Geological Survey t
TUOLUMNB RIVER AT LA GRANQS.
Second ITaot.
DATS.
I 190*. I 1900.
July 23 2301 070
July 24 2343 629
July 25 1881 654
July 28 178 ft «41
July 27 1389 634
July 28 1404 32«
July 29 1459 638
Including Modesto and Turlock canals.,
KINGS RIVER, NBAR BANGER.
Second Feet.
DATS.
j 190*. lOCS.
July 23 1683 10S3
July 24 1773 1085
July 23 1683 106S -
July 28 1730 1083
July 27 IS2O 1049 -
July 28 • 1685 (973) *
July 29 .-. I*3o (940)
TULE RIVER. NEAR PORTERVILLE.
\u25a0 — —
Second F«et.
DATE. ._.-
190*. I 1908.
July 23 12 24
July 24 12 21
July 25 ..*. 10 21
July 2« 10 24
July 27 10 21
July 28 .*. 10 21
July 29 8 24
SACRAMENTO RIVEB. NXAR RED BLUFT.
T&ATTC Second F«et.
19C4. 1 1908.
July 23 8200 8650
July 24 8200 3330
July 25 8200 6330
July 26 7900 3410
July 27 .." 79C.0 5410
July 28 .; 7900 MIO
July 29 7900 5410
. $1,000 S P of Arizona (1910). ..10SOO
$10,000 S X P of Arizona (1909;.... 107 12%
Unlisted j Seccritles.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 65.10G — SF Drydk R5.113% —
B L Wat 6s. 113 — SF &NP 05.110%112
Cal NW 55. 11 l — SP C R 4s. — 05
M C.Wat ss. — 114 Sun Tel 65...1HV4 —
OkT Con ss. 104^, IUSV4 Do 5s Ilia;il2%
Ris I Wk555.102% — • Suttr-st K55.105 110
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 26 Mat . Nay C 0.115. 115 —
Cal Cot Mils 82 . — Mills Nat 8k.300 —
Car G&ECor. — 60 NS R R Co. — 12%
C Jockey C 1.120 — | N Cal P Co. 9»4 9%
Cal Powder. 175 — .Oak Bk Sav.l4s —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 IOOF. Kail A ti% —
Cal TI& T— 142%iOrpheum Co. — 16%
Cen Bk. Oak — 67% PacC Cas Co. 134 — .
Chutes Co .. — 5 Pac Sur Co.. — 120
City & C 8k.107%119 Paraf Paint.. 90 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6 S F Drydock — 70
DptPwd pfd. 85 90 SF & SJCoal. 20 —
_Do com .. tt>% — s Jose Wat.. 103% —
FN Bk. 0ak.120 — SO & MT R bt.l2s —
Fischer Thtr — 1% Swiss-A 8k..125 —
Oas Con A. 19 20& Truck Elect.. l+*4 —
Hono P Co.. 36% — Union S Co.. — 34%
Do old pool 38 — W-Fargo 8k.205
Do nw pool 3S 39
Morning Session.
25 Hono Plant Co (new pool), elO. 88 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
J^ S otl ° Plant Co (new P001).... $8 25
15°. Hom> Plant Co (new pool) 38 25
dOO Northern Cal Power Co 9 50
California Stuck and OH Exchange.
Oil Stocks — Bid Asked
Abso Oil Stock Tr. Cer. .-... M »
Aztec ..\u25a0 -. 1
California-Standard 10 /
rib0 V • 600 io'oo '
Central Point Con mo
Chicago Crude (new) 08 ....
Claremont 75
Forty "i 6 4S
Four 47
Home **" 52
lllnols Crude .; *05 20
Independence' 25 26
Junction ' "18
K«rn 13 75 ""
Kern (new) 10 30
MoKlttrJck 09 ....
Monte Crlsto 77% 82%
Occidental of W. Va '02 03
Oil City Petroleum 57 59
Senator 1 60 ....
Superior 05 06'
Thirty-three 550
Toltec 60
Twenty-eight 12 00
W-esi Shore 1 50 2 25
Wolverine 75
Water Stocks—
Central Light <fc Power S 75 4 25
Miscellaneous Stocks —
Abby Laud & Imp't Co 135
Sanitary Reduction Works. . 1 75 2 25
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
1700 Independence Oil 28
1000 Oil City Petroleum 69
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1000 Asso Oil Ct> Stock Tr Cert 55
1200 Independence Oil 26
1000 Occidental Oil 03
1000 Oil City Petroleum 58
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
9:30 a. m. Session — Comstocks.
800 Alpha 00 100 Justice 05
550 Belcher 15 100 Ophir 7 12%
20 Caledonia ... 85 200 Scorpion 10
600 Chollar 17 .SCO Sierra Nev.... 37
100 Confldenoe ... 90, 300 Silver Hill 94
100 Exchequer ... 53| 300 Union Con 43
12 m. Informal Session — Comstocks.
200 Andes 171 150 Ophir 7 25
200 Caledonia ... 47 100 Potosl 13
100 Chollar 17 200 Potosl 12
600 Chollar IS 100 Savage «7
2CO Con Va M Co.l 35 100 Savage 66
100 Crown Point.. 12 300 Seg Belcher... 04
100 Crown Point.. 11 1200 Sierra Nev 37
200 Gould & Cur. 18 100 Stiver Hill 94
200 Justice 06 500 Union C0n.... 43
800 Mexican 1 Ss|
2 p. m. Session — Comstocks.
500 Alpha 071 500 Exchequer ... 63
100 Best & Belch.l 30 200 Justice ....... 05
100 Bullion ...... 44 300 Mexican 1 35
500 Caledonia ... 47 60 Ophir 7 37%
400 9on Va M Co.l 35- .".no Silver Hi 11...'. 94
300 Crown Point.. 11| 100 Union C0n.... 43
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. . . ..
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Al"ha 07 08 Justice 05 06
Alta C 3 05 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 17 IS Lady Wash .. — 04
Belcher 14 15 Mexican 130 135
Best & Belch.l 25 133 Occidental ... 87 92
Bullion 42 45 Ophir 725 7 37%
Caledonia ... 47 ,4S Ophlr-Bruns. . 06 09
Challenge ... 23 24 Overman 15 18
Chollar 17 19 Potosi 11 12
Con Va M Co.l 35 1 40 Savage 66 WJ
Confidence ... 90 1 00| Scorpion 10 11
Con Imperial. 01 02|Seg Belcher .. C 3 04
Crown Point.. 11 12| Sierra New... 37 38
Con N V 01 C2|St Louis — 10
E Sierra Nev. 03 05! Silver Hill 94 95
Eureka C0n..l 10 — Syndicate — 10
Gould & Cur. 17 18 Union C0n.... 42 43
Exchequer .. 52 . 55 Utah 07 OS
Hale & Norcl 80 1 00 Yellow Jacket. 21 23
Julia 03 051 V :L'
< TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
1000 Big Bullfrog. lOilOCOMacNamara. .. 43
1000 Bullfrog Mm. 55! 100 Mont T0n... 8 02%
1500 Cent Eureka.. l 031 2CO Mont Ton ....3 02
20C0 Dradfld. s 30. 37! H»W> North Star 54
3000 Dmdfld, s 10. 38|500<) N Star, b 90. 57
3500 Dominion ... 20j 1000 P.ed Lion, blO. 04
500 Forest City .. 25J40C0 Rescue 07
10C0 G Anchor slO 77| 100 Sandstorm. slO 62
10C0 G Anchor t>3o 7s! 1000 Shoshone Gold 25
500 Gold Anchor.. 78| 500 St Ives 16
4500 Gold Anchor.. 77 500 St Ives 15
200 Goldfleld Mm. 52 10(0 Ten Blmont.l 17%
600 Gldfld Rand.. 500 W End.b90..1 12%
Afternoon Session.
600 Adams ...... 05 23C0 Mont Ton ..3 02%
1500 Adams, b 90. . ,03 SCO Mont T0n.b10.3 03
200 Big Bullfrog. Vi 5000 North Star 54
1500 Diamondneld. 37 4000 N Star, b 30. 53
2UOO Dominion ... 20: 400 N V Ton Con. 20
10C0 Empire 05 700 Red Top 37
SCO Gold Anchor.. 77 UOO Red Top 3S
40CO Great Westrn 03 4CO St Ives . . 16
tM>O Home .- Oti 2000 Ton Home Con. 08
1000 Jim Butler .. 741 2C00 Home Con,boo 10
400 Lone Star ... IOi^OOO Home Con.bSO 09
500 MacNamara.. 42J5500 Ton Home Con 09
2500 MacNamara.. 41 \ 1000 West, End... l 07%
3000 Mnt MdwyEx 25! Y'-'\
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Belmont 117 1 20| MacNamara. .. 41 42
Boston Ton .. 10 -13! Midway 1 43 160
Brgr's JB Ex — lS.Mizpah Ex ... 11 12
California ... 08 10[ Mont Ton 1...3 02 303
Cash Boy ... 15 1«! Mon Pittsburg — IS
Colehan — 10[ Monitor 02 —
Eula Con ... — 17 N V Ton Con. 18 20
Gold Anchor.. 76 SO North Star 54 55
Golden Gate.. 15 — Ohio Ton .... 30 32
Gold Mt 12 13 Rescue 07- OS
Gold Mt Con. — 01 Red Rock Ex. — 15
Great Westrn 03 04 Ton • Exten ...5 00 550
Ind Tonopah.. 01 03 Ton Home Con 08 03
Home .... 05 06 Ton Sly& Gld 15 .—
Jim Butler ..73 75 Ton of Nev. l3 75 14 00
JV Butler Ex. — 20 United Ton .. 01 .. Oa
Little Ton . . — 3 00- West End ...1 03 107
Lucky Tom . . — 04' .
Goldfleld . District.
Adams ......' 04 05! Hibernla 10* —
Atlanta 07 OS Highland — 26
Aurora 10 12 Jumbo M Co.. 71 73
Black Ants .. — 0t Jumbo Ex ... 15 16
Black Butte.. 24 26 Juno — 01
Blk Butte Ex 02 04 Kendall 13 14
Black Rock.. 02 00 Kendall Ex .. — 10
Blue Bell ... 04 05 Lcne Star ... 09 —
Blue Bull ... 12 15| Lucky Star .. — 01
Brooklyn ...." 01 02| May Queen .. IS 20
Butte Gldfld.. 40 451 Mohawk 14 15
Bull & Bear. 02 03 Nevada Boy".. 13 —
Booth M Co. 08 — Nev Goldfleld. 12 13
COD 25 — Nev Southern. 10 15
Columbia .... :1* 15 Oakea — 10
Columbia >.Mt. 17 IS Oakland — 10
Conqueror ... — 21 0r0...... — 05
Diamond .... 10 — Pennsylvania.. : —\\fi
Dinmottdfleld. 3U . 3S|P o tlatch ..... —
Dmdfld Trngl. — SOJRed Lion .... 03 04
Dominion ... 20 221 Red Top 37 3S
Dixie 14 lfijßed Top Ex.. 01 03
Empire 'O4 05; Sandstorm .:.. 61 63
Exploitation.. — 04 Sandstorm Ex. 08 10
Fawn ....... 03 —Sherman ..... 25
Frisco — 10 Silver Pick .. 10 12
Gold Dust ... 09 Slmmerone ... 22 26
Gold Hill ... — 04 St Ives 15 16
Goldfleld Mm. 62 66 Trpasure 07 10
Gld & G Reed — 101 Verde 02 04
Gldfld Rand.. 05 06 Vernal 02 —
Goldfleld Ton. — 05 Wonder ...... 02 03
Great Bend .. 05 • 08
Bullfrog District. -
Amargosa ... OS 10! Gold Bar .... 28 —
Amethyst .... — 1« Gldfld Bullfrog — 10
Blk Bullfrog.- 12 — Lige Harris... \u25a002 • "03
Bonnie Clafe.l 25 — Mont Bullfrog. 07 OS
Bullfrog Mm. 50 fi."|Orlg Bullfrog. 21 24
Bullfrog Anx. 03 04;Hed Dog 12
Bullfrog Cora Oil ID'Shoshone .'.... — 110
Bullfrog Ex..- IS Co|Shoshon B Gld 25 —
Blfrg Jumper. — lliSteinway .. .. . 17: 18
Bullfrg NBk .22 25< Ventura ...... 11 12
Den-'- Bullfrog.-: 22 24! Vista Grande,. ' — OS
Den Blfg Anx — 061 Wolverine .... 05 10
Eclipse ....... 3ft \u25a031
Other Districts. . -
Brown Hope.. •16 •' - — 'Paymaster ... 03" 04
Esperanza ... — - OllQulncy 03': 05
Gold • Reer M. — 2r>| Ray & O'Brien 06 07
Gold '\u25a0\u25a0 Reer Ex — 26 Rothwell ..... — 26
Kawlch &-B. — 13 Silver Peak \. — 17
KawlchGold. . — 05 Southwestern.. — 25
Kawlrh'M Co —-lSiSylvania '..:.. — 20
Lida Hawk ... 55 ITokop Con ... — 08
Amos A. Smith to Aurelius E. Buckingham,
lot on N line of Clay street. 137:6 W of Lyon.
W 25 by N 100. quitclaim deed; $1.
John Tamony to Louis Frledlander, lot on
SW line of Ninth street. 100 NW of Folsom.
NW 75 by SW 100; $10.
Same to Herman Aaher. lot on W corner of
Folsom and Ninth streets. NW 100 by SW
60:10; $ .
Mary H. Swift to Emma N. Swift. lot on
S line of Nineteenth street. 100 W of Guer
rero. W 25:6 by S 114; gift.
Isaac and Alvlra Bradrlck to Charles W.
Bradrlck lot on S line of Twenty-sixth street.
; 107 E of Sanchez. E 53 by S 114; gift
F. W. and Sarah L. Lougee to White In
vestment Company, lot on E line of Battery
street. 91:8 N of Pine, N 45:10 by E 137:»- $10.
Janet S. Porteoua (by estate of William R.
Sherwood and William A. Magee, executor)
j to Howard J. Hill, lot on W line of Sansome
street. 137:6 N of Jackson. N 68:9. W 114:8.
S 9:9. W 23. S 119...E 57:6. N 60. E 60- $54.0U>.
Glusto or Guisto .Pertigera and Angelo and
Caterlna Raffeto to Ermlnio Giampolini, lot
on N line of Greenwich street, 171:10% E of
Dupont, E 17:2 Vi by N 70; $10.
John C. Brlckeil to Martin Sherwood, lot on
S line of Broadway. 137 :« Eof Stockton street
E 81:1 by S 137:6; $10.
J. C. and Bertha C. Bates to John Rosen
feld's Sons, lot on N corner of Fourth and
Natoma streets. NW 51:2 by NE 82:6; $10
Marcus and Minna Wunsch to Susan Nie
baum, lot on.W line of Hyde street 71:3 S
of Clay. . S 41:3 by W 117:6; $10 '
Shiels Estate Company to Joseph E. Bier
and Alice H. Dannenbaum, lot on SW line
of Third street. 160 SE of Bryant. SE SO by
SW 80; $10.
George H and Eleanora R. Moulton to Jo
seph bier and Alice H. Dannenbaum. lot on
sf SOY N? 1 1o\ To U 16 ° SB Ot BryMt -
Maurice and Kate b. Casey to John P.
Young, lot on SW line of Fourth street. 80 SE
of Harrison. SE 25 by SW 80; $10
Fred R. and Alma E. Drinkhouse (Bot
tomley) to Duncan S. Murray lot on W line
of Sixth avenue. 830 N of Lake street N 25
by W 120; $10.
Joseph and Annie Weber to Ella B. Kelly
lot on E line of Eleventh avenue. 175 N of
Clement street, N 25 by E 120; $10. \u25a0;
J. W. Wright & Sons Investment Company
to Nicholas and Agnes M. Nolan, lot on N
line of C street. 56:6 E of Forty-first. E 50
by N 100; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Jacob
Heyman Company, lot on E line of Twenty
third avenue. 150 N of C street, N 125 by E
Solomon and Dora Getz to Matilda M. Ord
way, lot on S line of I street, 107:6 W of Elev
enth avenue, W 25 by S 100; $10.
Edmond and Theresa Comuth to Kate H.
Dowey, lot on E lino of Forty-ninth avenue.
250 S of I street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Orcar H. T. and Addle M. Jessen to Solomon
Getz, lot on E line of Forty-eighth avenue,
137:6 S of L street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Bertha E. Ziegenfuss to Bernhard Getz. lot
on W line of Forty-third avenue, 200 N of
O street, N 60 by W 120; $10.
Adelheld Hess to Balzar Hesa. lots 19 to
24., subdivision A. block 19, West End mao
2; $10.
Balzar Hess to Adelheid Hesa. lot on N llna
of Sadowa street and NW line Camino Real,
or old San Jose road, N 44:6, N 93, W 32-11*
S 125, portion lot 6. block H. Railroad Home
stead Association; $10.
American Land and Trust Company to Park
side Realty Company, lot 10. section 26, Town
ship 2 S. range 6 W, which lies N of road
leading from Ocean House to beach, 20 acres
slo.
Charles R. Hawcroft to Ellen C. Hawcroft
lots 100, 102, 104, HolUday map A; also frac
tional lot 7, block 7. lying on La Grand ave
nue. 122:1. thence E S3, N 100, W 15; also
lot on W line of Mansfield street, 300 S of
Woolsey. S 28:3, W 120, N 23, E 120. block
177, University Extension; $10.
John Hlckey to Mary F. Williams (wife of
Griffith), lot on S line of Eighteenth street
24 W of Douglass. W 24 by S 92. block 1.
Pioche and Robinson subdivisions; $10.
Theodore H. Hatch to Theodosla Hatch, lot
1, block 30. Paul Tract. Homestead; $10.
S. Ducas Company to Jane R. Allen, lot on
W line of Lisbon street, 300 N of Italy N
25 by W 100, lot 7. block 22, Excelsior Home
stead; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Margaret Hen
derson, lot on W corner of West avenua and
Patton street. NW 25 by SW 95, lot 29 block
1, Holly Park: $10. '
' Matilde (or Ttllie, or Mathilda) Debause to
Henry and Annie Healey, lot on N line of
Seventeenth street. 60 W from E llna of block
V. Park Lane 2. W 25 by N 87:6. lot 3. block
V, Park Lane Tract 2: $10.
Joseph C. and Mac Linehan to Madeline
Schlaich. lot on NE line of Mateo street. 100
SE of Arlington. SE 24:5. NB 113 lot 11
block 10, Fairmount: $10.
Builders' Contracts.
John - McLaren (owner) with A. Jackson
(contractor), architects ' Cunningham & Politeo
— All work for a two-story frame building
(two flats) on lot on corner of First avenue
and H street, S 24. W 95, N 25. E 93:6. SE •>
Outstde Lands 672; ?6100.
A. Chlchizola (owner) with W. F. Wilson
Company (contractors), architects Sbea A.
Shea— Sewering, plumbing and gas fitting for
a five-story brick building on lot on NE corner
of Pacific and Stockton streets. E 68, N 32-9
W 18, S 16. W 50, S 3«:9: $3134. "' '
William Mooser and Bridget' A. McGreevy
(owners) with J. B. Moran (contractor) arch
itects William Mooser and Edward G. Bollea
All work r except plumbing, painting, electric
work for a three-story frame building on lot
on S line of Filbert street, 100 W. of Larkln
W 37:6 by S 50: $5000. *.
Henry and Johanna Nickel (owners) with C
A. Clark (contractor). architect— All
work except gas fixtures for* a two-story frame
building on lot on W line of Potrero avenue
; 95 S of Twenty-first street. S 25 by W 100
52700. •-\u25a0">•--;-.\u25a0"
B. Schapiro and J. H. Stein (owners) with
Charles Monson (contractor). /architect
All work for two one and a half story frame
cottages on lot on S line of Twenty-seventh
street, 186:8 E of. No*. E 53:4 hy 114; $3300.
Alnnifdn County.
Maria Mlddleton (single) to Lawrence A i
Dunnigan (single), .lot on N line of Bristol
street. 100 X of Sacramento. E 50 by N 135
lots 19 and 20. range 16. map of N one-fourth
of ranges 15 and 16, Hardy Tract. Berkeley
$10. , ' •
Mary A. Evans (widow) (by J. E. Baker.
surviving trustee) to Leonard A. Hagy. 723
D. 341. lot on NW corner of San 'Antonio ave
nue and Walnut street, V.* 50 by N 100. betne
S 100 feet of lot 9, in E half of .block H
lands , adjacent to Enclnal. trustee's deed. Ala
roeda; Jl9lO. : ' :. \u25a0
• Mary ? Hester Swift (single) to Fwnn jj.
FRIDAY. AUGUST 4.
REAL ESTATE TRAJTSACTIOXS.
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
f 9:30 a. m. Session.
1000 Adams, b 30. . 05;250v St Ives. s 30. 16
I.'OO G Anchor. blO 70 1000 St Ives 16
25C0 Jumbo M Co. 70i 800 Ton Mid way.. 1 50
20<» Mexican ...1 32Va|12«0 North Star 54
1000 Nat Bank ... 25' :WQ West End. ...1 03
ICCO Orig Blfg. s3O 21 500 W End,blo..l 07 »*
2COO Kescue, b CO. C 7, 3CO Yellow Jacket. 23
500 Savage 68.
11 a. m. Session.
ICCO G Anchor. blO 7SJ 200 Ophir 7 12^
200 MacNamara.. 4l| H'fiO Rescue 07
100 MacNamara.. 421 12C0 Sndstorm, bls K3
300 Mexican 1 35! «0«> Union Con 43
100 Mont Ton ...3 00! "CO West End...l 07* i
25C0 Nat Bank ... 23: 500 Yellow Jacket. 22
2 p. m. Session.
SCO Belcher ' < 15i W)O Mexican 1 35
3C() Con Va M.I 32 %| ICOO Mont Ton ..3 02^
1500 Gold Anchor.. 77 100 Ophir 725
1000 Gold Anchor.. 76 1000 Rescue 07
i 700 Gldfld M, bls. 53 2000 St Ives 16
CCOO Gr*>at Westrn.O^Vs 2f< Ton Midway. .1 SO
S5OO Home Con.blO C 9; 200 Union C0n.... 43
10.0 CO Ind Ton ..01%|1200 West End...l 07&
100 MacNamara.. 42f
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Comstocks.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Andes 17 IS Gould & Cur. 18 19
Belcher 14 —Hale & Norc. — 2 05
Best & Belch.l 30 — Mexican 135 —
Caledonia ... 45 — occidental ...1 25 —
Challenge ... 20 —Ophir 700 7 12'/,
Chollar — 19 Savage — 7*
Con Va M Co.l 30 1 35j Sierra Nev 37 88
Con Imperial. — 01% Silver Hill 90 —
Crown Point.. 14 — Union C0n.... 43 —
Exchequer... 30 — (Yellow Jacket. 21 —
\u25a0:. 'r ; ' Tonopah District.
Belmont ...1 17% 120 Miipah Ex ... — U
California ... 07 — Mont Ton ..3 00 8 02H
Cash Boy ... 10 —NY Ton Con. 20 21
Gold Anchor.. 74 77 North Star.... 63 34
Great* Westrn 03 03 H Ohio — 84
Home 05% OS Paymaster ... 08 —
Home Con .. 08 09 Rescue 06 OS
Ind Tonopah.. 01% 02 S Nev Dev. .. — 18
Jim Butler ..71 75 Ton Exten ...5 25 —
Lucky Tom.. — 17 Ton of N«v, —15 00
MacNamara.. 41 43 United Ton .. — 13
Midway ...1 47% 1 55 West End ..1 00 1 07%
Goldfleld District.
Adams ..;... 04 —Jumbo Ex ... 18 20
Austin — 31 Kendall 18 14
Black Butte.. 21 — Lone Star ... — 12
Blk Butte Ex — 04% May Queen .. — 21
Black Rock.. 02 65 Mohawk — 20
Blue Bell ... — 06 Nev Goldfield. 18 —
Blue Bull ... 07 15fOakea 04 08
Brooklyn 02 OS j Oro — 04
Columbia Mt. 17 — |Pa Goldfleld.. 01% —
Diamond — 15' Red Top 36 33
Diamondfleld. 37 401 Red Top Ex.. 03
Dixie 14 16|st Ives 15 16
Frisco — 20: Sandstorm .... 60 63
Gldfld G Dust — 07 Sandstorm Ex. — 11
Gldfld L Star. — 08 Silver Pick .. — 13
Goldfield Nev. 63 — Simmerona ... H> —
Jumbo M Co. 69 —
Bullfrog District.
Amargoaa ... — lOjLige Harris... 01% —
Beatty Blfrg. — 111 Mont Bullfrog. 08 10
Bullfrog Anx. — 07|Orig Bullfrog. 22 24
Bullfrog Belle 08 — JShoshone 11 —
Bullfrog Mm. — 80; Vista Grande. — 12
Bullfrg NBk 23 — Wolverine — 11
Eclipse 28—|
; Other Districts.
Brown Hope.. — 15! Ray & O'Brien 05% CS
Esperanza ... 00% 01 Rothwell — 23
Free Gold ... — 15' Silver Peak ..'— 21
Gold Mt Con. — 02; Ton Berkeley.. — 20
Kawlch Gold. — 10, Ton Gold Mt. — 13
Pine Grove .. 20 25'
Swift (widow), lot on 3 line of Ftfty-«eveath
(formerly Menlo) street. 3C5.55 E Of Park... 'PL
32. S 120 to N Una of lot 20. W to point 113. If^
from point beginnins in line drawn S at rigft*^%.
angles to Fifty-seventh street. N 11S.T1 ta b«
gtnning. being W S2 feet or lot 1. block B,
Gasklli Tract. Oakland; girt.
W. A and Anna J. "Walker to Mary A.
Galge. lot on W line of Sixth street. So N of
Taylor avenue. N 85 by W 102:G l/ 3,l /3, Alameda:
$10,
John J. and Mary Cox to Georjs Jr. and
Amelia M. Rischmuller. lot on N line of Thir
ty-seventh street. 325 E of Market. E 50 by
N US. being E half .of lot 3 and W half of lot
4. map Beckett's Second Addition. Oakland;
$10.
Hugo or Hugo I* Rotermundt to Ellse Rotar
mundt (wife) lot on M Una of West Eleventh
street. 2tio Eof Center. E 28 by N 110. bein*
W half lot B, Center-street nome lots at Oak- •
land Point. Oakland; gift.
Holcomb. Breed & Bancroft to Earl W. Cur
tis (single), lot 12. map Santa Fe Tract Xa 12.
Oakland; *10.
Same to Charles E- Funck. lot 1. same. Oak
land; $10.
J. W. Phillips (widower) to Edward and Ad*
M. Norton, lot on SE lln« of Eighth avenue*
100 <SW of East Twenty-second (Saunders)
street. SW SO by SE 123. portion block 132.
Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
Ella and John T. Scott to Konrad Schneider,
lot on SE corner of Russell and Fulton streets.
E 133 by S 31.06. lot 9. block B. Suburban
Tract. Berkeley; $10. \u0084 __
John E. Btgelow (widower) to SuslbaU* W.
Heywood. lot on N line of Rose street. 63 W
of Spruce. W 45 by N 127. portion lots 28. 29
and . 30. block 23. property N. B. Byrn* la
Berkeley Villa Tract. Berkeley; $I<X
Edward W. and Anna neison -to John OU
more. lot on W Una of Ellis strwt. T3:3 8 of
Ashby avenue (Mason), a 37:6* i by w 12CL
being N half lot 87. R*gent-*tre«t Homestsaa
Association. Berkeley; $10. v«t*.
Mary D. Brenan (widow) to SH» *- K *^
(widow), lot on E Una or Cnlon (Eighteenth)
street, 62:6 S of Eagla avenue. S 62:6 by B &•
portion lots 13. 14 and 13. block 4». map prop
erty near Enclnal staUon of Columbus Bartlett. .
Alameda; grant.. . )
Helen F. Wheeler at al U> Jacob B. Raid. /
lots 22 to 23. block C. plat Fitch Tract. Ala
meda; $230.
Alameda Savings Bank to Soren P. J. *»«
Ana K. Steffsensen. lot on VT Una of Versailles
avenua at Intersection with 9 lina of land con
veyed to Jo»*>ph E. Allen October 28. ISM. C O
321. S 66 by W 141. Alameda: $10.
Lucy M. Hale. Rachel M. Smith. Agnes M.
Noyee and Harriet M. Comatock to Emily T.
Pond, lot 22. Pacific Tliaotoglcal BemlaaiT
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Russell W. Friersoa (single) to Matilda H.
Frlerson. lot on NE llna of East Tenth street.
70 NW of Ninth avenue. NW 70. NE 130. S3
40 SW 30 SE 30. SW 120 to beginning. blocK
18. Clinton. East Oakland; gift.
Charles D. and Anna I. Mooney to O. V.
Brereton, lots 9 and 10, block 3. San Prtn
Avenue Villa Tract. Oakland Townshij>;SlO. «
William M. Butter* Jr. (single) to wwtrt
C and Mary S. Pierc© (wife), lot on S line of
Santa Fa avenue. 771.15 W of San £**lo *\u25bc•-
nue W 30 by S 108.62. lot 49. map 2 William
M. 'Butters Tract. Emeryville, Oakland Town
ship: $10. ' _ ,
B C. Hawea (administrator of estate of Fat
rick" E. McMurray) to Emily Johnson <\u25a0"[«» °*
Frank), all Interest In lot on S Una of Tomp
klns street. 120 W of Dwtnelle. W 120 bjr 8
ISS. lot 2 block 7 map of lands of otatm
University Homestead Association >«o. d»
Berkeley; $200.
Ellen E. Ewlng (widow) to A. L. Ott. lot
on SW" corner of Vine and Mllvta streets, w
135 by S 106:8. block 6. Graves and Taylor
Tract. Berkeley: $10.
John Nugent (executor of estate of J*»«
Creane or Crane) to W. M. Fltzmaurice. all
Interest in lot on N line of Fifteenth street. OO
W of West. W 30 by N 103:9. lot 14. block B.
property of North Oakland Homestead Associa
tion. Oakland; $3700.
Dell C. and F. J. Woodward to Matilda.
Birdsall (wife of B. M.). lot on M line of
Vernon (or First) avenue, distant NE 130.335 .
from Intersection with E line of Ross street.
NE 50.155. NW 260.50. to S line of Pagoda
place. SW 50. SE 236.11 to beginning, lota 8 t M
and 13. map of Dell C. Woodwards subdl-
vision of Pagoda Hill Oakland Township; $10.
Same to Grace B. Gates <wlfe of H. D.I.
lot on N line of Vernon (or First) avenue,
distant NE 100.37 from Intersection with B
line of Rose. NE E0.1R5. NW 256.11 to S.
line of Pasoda place. SW 50. SE 231.82. lota
9 and 14. came. Oakland Township; $10.
Wickham and Florence W. Havens to John
H. Spring, lot on W line of Pala avenue. 210
N of Park way. N CO by W 127.70, bein* N
40 £eet of lot 53 and S 20 feet of lot 54.
amended mao of Alta Piedmont Tract. Oak
land Township; $10.
W. J. and Grace E. Mortimer to Edward
B Norton, lot on E line of Grove street. 16©
S'of Rose. S 43 by E 120. portion of lots 6
and 7. block 4. Graves and Taylor Tract,
Berkeley: $10.
Charles Kohler (widower) to Mary T. Koh
ler (daughter), .undivided one-quarter of lota
19. 20 and 21. block ISO, Boardman's map.
and portion block or tract 373, Whitcher's map.
Oakland: gift.
Same to same, lot 13. same. Oakland: gift.
Realty Syndicate to Sylvia E. Chandler (sin
ele). NE 15 feet of lot' 9. all of lot 10. SW
10 feet of lot 11. block K. Thermal Hill (for
merly Howe Tract). Oakland: $10.
Mary E Frost (widow) and Fern Froat (tin
gle) to Harry W. Williams, lot on N Una of
Knox avenue. 594.60 W of Telegraph. W 25.33.
N 112.24. to N boundary lina of Knox Park.
E 25.33. S 112.17. portion lot 36. Knox Park.
Oakland: $10.
Wickham and Florence W. Haves s to M.
F. Grove, lots 1 and 41, map of Oak Park
Tract. Oakland: $10.
Holcomb. Breed & Bancroft to Nannie Sha
fer. lot 17. Mao of Santa Fe Tract No. 12.
Oakland: $10.
Realty Syndicate (corporation) to Jane. E.
Stratum (single). NE 10 feet of lot 34, all
lot 35 and SW 30 feet of lot 36. block D. map
2. Highland Terrace. Oakland; $10.
Same to same, lots 3 and 4, block K. Ther
mal Hill, formerly Howe Tract. Oakland: $10.
Wickham and Florence W. Havens to James
A. Thomson, lot 120, Oak Park Tract. Oak
land; $10.
Margaret W. and Walter F. Lewis to "W. W.
Garthwaite. lot on S line of Monte Vista ave
nue. 93.51 W of Bayo Vista, avenue. W 65.31. 3
120 to S line of lot 14. E 63.51 to point dis
tant 126 S from beginning on line parallel with
E boundary line of lot 13, N 126 to beginning,
being W 33.31 feet of lot 13 and E 10 feet of
lot 14 block E. Linda Vista Terrace, beta*
also W 65.51 feet of lot 13. block E, mao 2. ,
Linda Vista Terrace, Oakland: $10. J
Central California Land Company (corporsv?^
tlon) to Charles F. Wilson, land bounded N by •
S line of Tidal Canal, aa established by
United States Government. E by center line of
Mulberry street, extended N to said line- of said
Tidal Canal. 3 by center llna of Blandlnr or
Atlantic avenue, and W by center line of Wil
low street, extended N to said line of Tidal
Canal, being all of Tract 6, map of marsh,
land, aa partitioned among owners In suit 8923.
Pacific Improvement' Company vs. James A.
Waymlre et als.; also land adjacent thereto*
between center Una of Blinding are, on 8
line of said Tidal Canal and said center lines)
of Mulberry and Willow- streets, extended N*
respectively, to said lines of said Tidal f^"»»,
Alameda; 5 »
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST i 5,i 5, 1905:
Continued; From Page 13.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
14
ALA3IEDA ADVERT'S'MTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
<* 93150 — TWO-STORY. »-room house, fine yard.
Fifth Ftrftt Elation, narrow cause; !>JSO
down balance at your own terms. Apply
to owner. W. J. SHE EVE. 521 Kearny rt..
Pan Fianc'.fco.
MODERN 12-rcom residence on Santa Clara
«vf. : one block from Willow Station; bro»«l
iruag^- lot 5Cx210; large stable in rear. Ap-
ply for full particulars A. B. PATRICK &
CO.. 415 Front i»t.
BERKELEY ADVERT^NTS
Itl-nKELEV HOUSES TO LET.
j>O R rmi— Handsomely furnished house of 15
rootre isi fln« location; 4 bathrooms, ballroom.
t*:m:s court; large and beautiful ground?;
own.r coins abroad; reference* required. Ad-
<J'-cfp F H LAWTON & CO.. 2U7 Center
«t.. Berkeley. Cal.
trw-NKW 7-room houfe; modern in ****>'
. way; lot (OxltiO; ttrvet work complete: close
to X P station. Key Route. &nd a!so 6thoc.s;
. , „(... ernKT. mil Virginia St.. or P. O. box
123, Berkley. ___— — — — —
FRI ITVALE APVT\S3L\TS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
"syndicate investment company,
real estate,
insurance
AND
val E ntine M £ N hl-sS° ™m. thornk.
President. S-cretary.
First National Bank. S. F.. Treasurer.
AUGUST BARGAINS.
Auru«t la the month abov* aJ other* to
secure bargains in houses and lots in beautiful
4-rocm houne: city water; chicken houses;
beautiful trees and garden; clo»e to streetcars
and local station; larsre lot.
$1400.
4-rocm house; modern; rood well of "water;
' ?ruit trees and r»rden: one block from care:
large let.
$2400.
S-room house end bath, electric lights a.nd
pa:-- city water; modern; cloee to Fruitvale
ftati< "' r - $1400.
:!-rocm house, high basement, email tarn
en 3 chicken house: within 4 blocks of Fruit-
va!/> station; clofe to school.
$2200.
1 \u25a0 - J>-room house, with bath, high basement.
' modem, electric lights and pas; lot 6Cx123
f<-ei ; new
$3noo.
C-coom colonial house, twe— story. Fruitvale
' rvenue just being finished.
(3230.
7-room house; new and modern: two-story;
fruit trees and garden; on Fruitvale avenue;
close In.
$3500.
' Three acres" of land; house of 7 rooms; fruit
trees ar.d j-hrubbery of all kind; choice neigh-
. fenrhood. and for sale for less than its real
value
$17,500.
House of 10 rooms; location unegualed In
Fruitvale- large grounds and plenty of fruit
tvf-s and shrubbery.
Exclusive ngrrts for Barker Park, situated ;
cr. FrultiaJ«? aver.ue: slso a large list of build-
Ing lots within walking dletance Fruitvale lo^-al
station and electric cars, and at reasonable
rriefs.
Remember We Have
Largest List.
Choicest Lots.
Lowest Prices
And Easiest Termi.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Cor. Putnam and Bassett Streets,
Fruitvale. Cal.
Fruitvale. Phone Ash 557.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
IF you are looking for something nice, artistic.
V-ith rustic porches, new and with the latest
• plumbing and in an elegant neighborhood,
containing 7 rooms and bath, every room
many and near Key Route, with terms easy.
$300 to $500 down, balance $30 per month,
then go at once to 912 33d et.. bet. Market
Ft. and near San Pablo aye. and there you
will find a ffm. Take the Key Route train,
get o3 at San Pablo and 40th et.. go south
•4 blocks, to this house; there you will find
"" The owner and the key and the price of the
property so reasonable and cheap you will be
thoiouthly satisfied.
This r'.ace Is not for rent. Must be sold.
$2<XiO — CHOICE residence lot on high ground
.*•-.' in heart of Oakland's best residence district;
swteping marine and hill view; very acces-
n'.ble; close to cars and Key route station.
.HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT, 1060
Proadway, Oakland.
$2c50 — A 2-STORY 6- room house; open for in-
*. Fpectlon from 1 to 3; number of house, 1326
East Eleventh St.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FIRMTIRE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furniture.
H. Scbcl'haas. 11th st-. cor. store. Oakland.
San Francisco Advert's'ents
. t
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT. 421— Two sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas; $15.
CLAY. 1323. near Jones — Residence, furnished
apartments, housekeeping, 2 rooms, front
alcove parlor and others, $20 to $25; lower
iwrlor. piano. $14.
KLLIte, ml — Kront. bay-window suite, nicely
turn., running water: bath; quiet; reasonable
ESSEX. 11. bet. Ist and 2d. off Folsom— Three I
sunny furn. housekeeping rooms: gas. balh.
. FELL, 'MS — 4 rooms furnished complete for
•* . housekeeping.
' FOURTH. 228 — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping: also single rooms.
GIiANT aye., 7—27 — 2 furnished rooms free for
care of house; 2 hours' work daily.
HARRISON. 7Sl— Front and back parlor; fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $15.
HAYEF, 332 — 3 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping: no children; $14.
HERMAN CJ — Two furniEhed rooms for
housekeeping. tIC; two Eingle. $5 and $6.
HOWARD, 719 lj — Sunny housekeeping rooms;
' b's.) furnished rooms; respectable; locked
• : doer.
JESSIE. 323 — Large front parlor, furnished;
housf-keeping, gas range, sink; 13 60.
JONES. 607. corner O'Farrell— Housekeeping
rooms; nicely furnished: rent reasonable.
JONES. 609 — Handsome, sunny suite, $20;
housekeeping suite, $16; single rooms, rea-
o * eonable.
i LARKIN. 817H — Nicely furnished sunny corner
• room, with gas etove: reasonable.
HcALLISTER. 453. cor. Van Ness— 2 sunny
c»nncctlng housekeeping rooms. $18; 1 rm. $8
McALLISTER. 10tW— Sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; modern.
MISSION, 23e6— Parlor, bedroom, kltch»n;
• light and sunny; gas. bath, laundry; new and
nice; adults only; rent $25; no sign; nice
«• neighborhood and responsible parties.
•* OAK, 117. Or 14 Page — Complete hskpg.; gas
* . range free; hot bath, laundry; $1 2&-$3 SO wk.
•• OAK, 1193, nr. Panhandle — Large cunny furn.
:t .1 front room: kitchen complete; gas stove.
- • , FINE. 704 — Front sunny suite; gas range; fold-
lnc bed. $13; single room $6.
* POWELL, 1220 — Nice sunny front rooms; also
light housekeeping roomi; day or week.
.SACRAMENTO. 1514— Large sunny nicely fur-
nished room; bath; phone 8155.
SEVENTH, 191— Bay-window housekeeping
* rooms.
WILLOW aye.. 8. off Larkin. near Eddy— 2
' rms. fur, gen, hskpg.; no children; $12 50.
APARTMENT HOUSES. "
ESTHER. 1419 Leavenworth, near Washington I
— Open to-day. 10 to 4:30; greatest novelty
ever got up for housekeeping; the convenience
c of 6 rooms in 2; see this without fall; you
can't afford to mi*;- It; rents $30 to $35: first
house of Its kind ia this city; call to-day. ;
THE Vera Apartments, 1007 Bush et.. near
«. Jones; under entirely new management; new
* and thoroushly renovated; 2 and 3 room
c suites, furn. or unfurn. for hskpg. ; also bcau-
tlfully turn. «ingl» rmt. for gents; rcas.
IA— ET. LAWRENCE APARTMENT — New.
modem building; furn. or unfurn. apart-
ment* of 2. 3, 4 rooms; private baths; from
$15 to $35. Phone Main 5130. 1335 Mason st.
TO lease — First-class apartment houfce; new;
112 rooms; 33 baths; Broadway, adjoining
Postoffice. Oakland. A. D. WILSON, 1C22
Brosdway, Oakland.
A— KENILWOKTH. cor. Bush. Powell; 3-room
sunny aprts. ; fcinsr!e rooms; modern; reas.
ARIEL flats. I^l Turk — 1-2-3-room housekeep-
ing apartments: furn. or unfuro.; reasonable. ;
EL CARMELO. 1719 Washington, nr. Van Ness
aye. — Sunny 3, 6, C room apts.; also single.
THE Frederick. 901 Stan van — 1 to 6 rooms,
overlooking Golden Gate Park: tel. Page 0166.
A WEEK'S news for 55 cents — The Weekly Call.
« 16 paces, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MARRIED.'
BRAUN— ARNOLD— In this city, July 10,
\u25a0 lfsOT., by the Rev. Frank Stuart Ford,
; Charles Lincoln 13raun and Jessie May Ar-
: nold. both of San-Francisco.V;
J HAVES— ALLEN— In this city, July 1, 1900.
: by the Rev. Frank Stuart Ford, Alvin J.
Hayes; of Fan Francisco and Hetty Allen of
Redwood City. Cal.
! HKJIMINGA— MEINBERGER— In this city,
July 'S2, lOCS,' by the Rev. Frank Stuart
I KoriJ, Harvey J. Heruminiia and Annie L.
Meinljergf r. both of San £ rancifco.
j JORDAN— PEARSON— In this city, July 24,
; 11-Cr.. by the Rev. Frank Stuart Ford, Robert
; Edwin Jordan and Alma Alice Pearson, both
of Kan Francisco.
JORUENSEN— WHITTEN— In this city. July
1. 1905. by the Rev. Frank Stuart Ford,
Charles A. Jorzcejis=en and Ida H. Whitten,
both cf San Francisco. , . '
RICHARDSON— C.ILGEK— In this city, Au-
gust a. 1(105. by the Rev. G. A.» Bernthal,
Jacob "C. Richardson and Esther U. Gllger,
both of this city. .
ROBBINS— SCOTT— In this city, August 1.
1905, by the Rev. George W. White, pastor
Central M. E. Church, Stanley H. Robbins
of San Francisco and Gertrude May Scott
Of Chicago. 111. ;...::,.'
SAMMANN— HOLMAN— In this city. July 2.
1005, by, the Rev. E. T. Nesblt, Paul Ester
Sammann and Mabel Georgie Hc-lman, both
of San .Francisco.
VAN LOAN— ANDERSON— In this city, July
30, i»CS. by the Rev. Frank Stuart Ford,
Roy Albert Van Loan of Vlsalla and Anna
Anderson of Byron, Cal. . ~:'i
WHIR— BUMBAUGH— In this city, July* 5,
1005. by the Rev. Frank Stuart. Fcrd, Max
G. Wlhr and Nellie J. Bumbaugh, both of
San Francisco.
DICD.
Asche, Harry C. \u25a0 Hetherington, H,. 76.
Aschheim, Elizabeth. Knust, Henry.
Baxter, Jackapn. 85. Laidlaw, Dr. H., 46.
Buckley, Johanna L. Ix>hmann, Chas., 47.
Busch, John A., 15. McGushin, Lizzie, 62.
Ccnsldine, John, 68. Mifcullclch, • Angelina,
Cooke, Joseph, 69. 25. *
Davies, Mary A. Miller, — , 38.
Dolores, Sister M. Moura, Bernardo, 35.
Dv Val, Martha, 40. Ralphs, Blanche, 17.
Eckelmann, Elizabeth, Robinscn, Wm., 70.
69. Schwlnn, John, 41.
Freudenthal, H.T., 26. Scott, Geo. W.. 24.
Garrity. Edward. 61. Seley, Alfred W... 47.
Gertzen, Otto, S4. Sllveira, Manuel, 30.
Hartman, Ricka, 55. Sweet. Minerva. 29.
Haekell, George, 66. Sullivan. Michael, 43.
Hagan. John J.. 78. •Tamburinl, S., 42.
Healy, Margaret. 70. *" ;
ASCHE— In this city, August 4. 1905. Harry
C, beloved husband of Mede AscUe, father of
F. Sherman A6che. a native of Brooklyn,
N. V.,
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from 1773 Page
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero street*.
ASCKHEIM— In this city. August 3, 1905.
Elizabeth Aschhelm. beloved wife of I. J.
Aschheim. and daughter of Jacob Fleisch-
man. and sister of Mrs. M. J. H. Woolf, Mrs.
, I. AugE-tem and N. Y. and M. R. Fleisch-
man, c. native of California. (Pacific Coast
papers please copy.)
E7*Funeral Sunday, August 6. at 10
o'clock a. in., from the residence of Dr. M.^
J. H. Woolf, 1017 Oak street, thence to
•Third and Townsend streets for 11:30 a. m.
train. Interment Salem Cemetery.
BAXTER— In this city, August 4, 1905, Jack-
son, beloved husband of Sarah Baxter, ana
father of Lionel A.. Mary A. and Gertrude
Baxter a native of Parkersburgh, W. Va.,
ajjed 55 years. (Wheeling and Parkersburgh
papers please copy.)
lE7"Remains at the funeral parl<ys of Mc-
Ginn Broa., 224-226 McAllister street.
BUCKLEY— In this city, August 4, 1905, Mrs.
Johanna L. Buckley, beloved mother of Wil-
liam E. and David J. Buckley, and sister of
Miss Mary Follis, a native of Ireland.
ETThe funeral will take place Monday,
August 7, at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 421 Folsom 6treet, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, corner Fremont and Har-
rison, where a solemn requiem hieh mass
for the repose of her soul will be celebrated,
commencing at 9:SO a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. '
BUSCH— In this city, August 3, 1905, John A.,
beloved son of George E. and Fannie Busch,
and brother of George E. Busch of San Fran-
cisco, Isabel Busch of Seattle and Mrs. J.
C. Boytanio of Eureka, -and grandson of
Mrs. Mary Busch, a native of San Francis-
co, aged 15 years and 5 months. (Seattle and
Eureka papers please copy.)
C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
August 6, at 12:30 o'clock p. m., from the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking- Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
corner Flllmore and Fell streets, where ser-
vices will bo held at 1:30 o'clock p. m. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
CONSIDINE — In this city, August 4, 1905,
John Consldine. dearly beloved husband of
the late Jane Consldine. and father of John
A. Considine, a native of County Clare, Ire-
land, aged OS years.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), August 6, at 12:30 o'clock p. m.,
from his late residence, 369 Harriet street,
thence to St. Rose's Church for services,
commencing at 1 p. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
COOKE— In this city, August 3, 1905, Joseph
Bailey Cooke, husband of Ellen P. B.
Cooke, a native of England, aged 69 years.
E7"Remalns shlcoed to Colusa, Cal., this
morning for Interment.
DAVIES— In this city. August 3, 19051 Mary
A., beloved wife of Frank P. Davles, and
mother of Mrs. George H. Knight, Mrs. John
Fahey of Mountain View, and Isabella E.
and Frankie E. Davies, and sister of Mat-
thew Brown, a native of New York.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 a. m., from Sacred
Heart Church, corner of Flllmore and Fell
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul. Inter-
ment private.
DOLORES (ARMER)— In this city, August 2,
1905, at Holy Family Convent, Sister M.
Dolores (Armer). Superioress.
C^The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), from St. Mary's Cathedral,
where- a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her »oul at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DU VAL — Near Sunol, August 8, 1005, Martha
Agard, beloved wife of William Moylan Dv
Val, a native of Ohio, asred 40 years.
ECKELMANN— In Oakland, August 3, 1905.
Mrs. Elizabeth Eckelmann, beloved mother
of J. J. and F. T. Eckelmann and Mrs. Ella
Dwyer. a native cf Ireland, aged 69 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invlftd to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. ' m., from her late
residence, 822 Linden street, thence to the
Church of Immaculate Conception, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at" 9
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
FREUDENTHAL — Drowned at Borel, Kern
County, Cal., July 7. 1905. Harry T.. beloved
6on of Jo»in H. an,d the lato Cecelia M.
Freudenthal, and devoted brother of Fred
J., Cecelia M.. Annie M. and Albert C.
Freudenthal and Mrs. George Edwards and
Mrs. Richard Cain, and nephew of Mrs. Meta
Dittmer, a native of San Francisco, aged 26
years 10 months and 8 days. A member of
* Court Southern Heights No. 1150, Independent
Order of Foresters, and Electrical' Workers'
Union, Local No. 151. (Los Angeles papers
please copyO
E?"Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
August 6, at 1 p. m., from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
GARRITY— In this city. August 4, 1905, Ed-
ward Garrity, a native of Salford, England,
aged 61" years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 p. m. t from the parlors of J.
C. O'Connor & Co., 767, Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 1:15 d. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by 2:15 p. m. train from . Third and
Townsond streets.
GERTZEN— In this city, August 4, 19O."«. Otto
Gertzen. beloved husband of the late Jo-
TELEPHONB MAIN 43. " •
N;GRAY&CO;,inc
FUNERAL DIRECTORS. ,
Cyrus S. Wright^ president: Geo. H. Clark,
vice president; Al P. Booth, treasurer; Harold
L. Wright, secretary.
612-614 VAN NESS AVENUE. -
Between Golden Gate avenue and Turk street.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
WOODLAWN CEMETERY
San Mateo County." '.
MASONIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
588 James Flood Building, S. P.
I H. rV PETERSEN: <& CO. :,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
228 McAllister St.. opposite City Hall.
Telephone South 340. .
James McGinn. \u25a0 \u25a0 ' Henry • Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO.,
• ' Formerly With McGinn". Bros.', ' . \u25a0 ,
Funeral Directors - and Embalmers — — '\u25a0
\u25a0\u25a0. 714 Eddy st. Tel. East 86. • ' \u25a0
hanna Gertzen. a native of Germany, aged
S4 years 9 months and 12 days.
. E7*Remains at the funeral parlors of the
H. F. Maass Company, 917 Mission; street.
HAGAN— In. this city, August 3, IUOS, John
J., beloved husband of the late Margaret
Hasan, and father of William, Philip and
Daniel Hagan and the late Mrs. Mary Mc-
Kenfcie, and' grandfather of John and Wil-
liam McKenzie, a native of. County Donegal,
Ireland", aged 7S years 1 month and <i days.
(I>*l< riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. » Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HARTMAN— In Santa Ynez, Ricka. "beloved
wife of Simon Hartman. and mother of Mrs.
Hannah Goldstein and Josie Hartman, and
sister of . Mrs. Joseph Packsher, Mrs. Max
Wallenberg, Mrs. H. Brown, Mrs. J. Gol-
lober, M!s« Emilia Jacobowitz and Sigmund
Jacobowitz, a .native of Germany, ased 55
years 7 months and 21 days.
' ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), August 6, at 11 o'clock a. m..
from her late residence, 1216 Scott street,
near Ellis, i Interment New Salem Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car leaving Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets at 12 o clock.
HASKELL— In this city, August 1. 1905,
George W., beloved husband of the late
Mary Ann Haskell. and father of Mrs. John
Lee and the late John, George and Michael
Haskell, a native of Deer lale, Me., aged
tilJ years 7 months and 4 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 a. m., from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HEALY— Passed away, i* this city. August
3, 1905, Margaret Healy, beloved mother of
Mrs. Gertrude Cowles. William H. and Al-
fred J. Healy and Mrs. Henry J. Smith, a
native of Ireland, aged 70 years 11 months
and 21 days.
. E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
August 6, at 9 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 637 Hyde street, thence to St. Marys
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass win
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:80 a. m. 2 Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
HETHERINGTON— In this city. August 3,
15)05, Henry Hetherlngton, a native of Eng-
land, aged 76 years.
\u25a0 ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. August 6, at 1:30 o'clock p. m., at
Masonic Temple, Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Golden Gate
Lodge No. 30. F. and A. M. Interment
Woodiawn Cemetery, via electric funeral -car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Re-
mains at the parlors of the California Un-
dertaking Company \u25a0 713 Post street, near
Jones.
KNUST— In this city, August 3, 1006. at his
residence. 1914 Vallejo street, Henry, be-
loved husband of Mlnnio Classen Knust. a
native of Germany. , ,
ETFriends and acquaintances are invited
to attend the funeral services Saturday, :
August 5, at 2 p. m., from St. Paulus Ger-
man Lutheran Church, corner Eddy and
Cough streets. Interment private.
LAIDLAW— In this city. August 2. 1905, Dr.
Horace beloved husband of Etta Douglass
Laidlaw, and father of H. Beverly and the
late Beatrice Laidlaw. a native of Milwau-
kee, Wls.,.a*ed 46 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, August 5, at 10:30 o'clock a. m..
at his late residence, 986 Butter street. In-
terment private.
LOHMANN— At Hooker Creek, Tehama
County, Cal.. August 1. 1905, Charles H.
Lohmann, beloved brother of Edward F.
Lohmarui. a native of Germany, aj»ed 47
years.
McGUSHIN— In this city, August 2, 1905,
Lizzie McOushin beloved wife of the late
James McGushin, and loving mother of
Mrs. R. Ellis and Edward P. and John F.
McStay. a native of County Leltrim, Ire-
land, aged 62 years. (Chicago and New York
papers please copy.)
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8 o'clock a. m., from - the
funeral Darlors of James McGinn & Co.,
214 Eddy street, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, where a high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
8:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MIKULICICH — In this city, August 3, 1905,
Angelina, beloved daughter of Luka • and
Maria Mlkullclch, and aister of Mrs. Milan
Lepusich and Kate Mlkullclch, a native of
Croatia, Austria, aged 25 years 9 months
and 19 days. .
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), August 6, at 1 p. m.. from her
late residence 1148 Kentucky street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, thence to St.
Theresa's Church \ for services: Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery .".'
MILLER— In San Leandro, August 8, 1905,
Miller, beloved husband of Harriet A.
Miller, and loving father of Luella and Aura
Miller, and beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. M.
Miller, and lovinc brother of Mrs. A. J.
King and Mrs. A. J. Leno, a native of Cali-
fornia aged 38 years 6 months and 17 days.
MOURA— In Oakland,. August 4. 1905, Ber-
nardo Moura. beloved husband of Maria
Cuileelele de Jesus, a native of Santo
Esperto, Santo Maria, Azore Islands, aged
35 years. .
RALPHS— In Berkeley, Au»rust 4, 1900.
Blanche Ralphs, dearly beloved daughter of
Isaac and Malvlna 5 Ralphs, and sister of
Mrs. W. J. Puuh and Jennie Raichs, a na- j
tlve of California, aged 17 years 2 months
and 5 days.
ROBINSON— In Mount Eden, August 3, 1905.
William Robinson, beloved husband of Cath-
erine Roblnscn, and father of Mrs. T. Bond,
William Robinson, Mrs. E. Alberts, Mrs. S.
Le Gray, Nora Robinson, George, John and
Charles Robinson. Mrs. Ella Kerr and ,
Edith Robinson a native of Albany, N. V.,
aged 70 years 8 months and 3 days. (Albany
papers pleape copy.) I
GTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
at his late residence, Saturday, August 5,
at 1 o'clock p. m. Interment at San Lorenzo
Cemetery. " \u25a0
SCHWINN— In this city. August 3, 1005, John
Schwlnn, beloved brother of George Schwinn
of Huron. Fresno County, Cal., a native of
Rinnhorn, Hessen, Germany, aged 41 years
8 months and 27 days. A member of Ernst
yon Bendel Lod*e No. 3, O. d. H. S.
tcy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from Druids'
Hal!, 413 Sutter street, where services will
be held under the ausDices of Ernst yon
Bendel Lodge No. 3, O. d. H. S. Remains at
the parlors of Gantner Bros., 1209 Mission
street, between Eighth and Ninth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SCOTT— In this city, August 3, 1905. George
W., dearly beloved son of Henry and Eliza-
beth Scott, and brother of Harry. Edith,
Alfred and Walter Scott and Mrs. E. J. "
Blanchard, and dearly beloved nephew of
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Martin, a native of
San Francisco, aged 24 years 7 months and
18 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, Aueust 6, at 1 o'clock p. m., at
Eagles' Hall. 7."1 Market street, under the
auspices of San Francisco Aerie No. 5, F.
O. E., and Mlllmen's Union No. 423. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San Mateo
County. Remains at his 'late residence,
120 SB Howard street.
SELEY— In this city, August 4, 1005, Alfred
W., beloved son of Mary A. and the late
Colonel A. H. Seley, a native of Centralla,
111., aged 47 years and 10 months. .A mem-
ber of Company C, First California Volun-
teers. - :\u25a0 '- \u25a0 . . \u25a0
Cyßemains at the parlors of McFadden.
Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. .
SILVEIRA— In "Ihls city, August 3, 1905,
Manuel F.. beloved husband of Isabel Sll-
veira, and brother of Joseph and John Sll-
veira, and son-in-law of Manuel and Emilia
Fernanea, and brother-in-law of Mrs. Rosen-
thai and M'ss N. Fernanez. a native of
.Portugal. a*ed 30:. years.' 3 ' months - and.- 20
days. . ; '
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral at Sausa-
lito this day (Saturday), August s', at 10
o'clock a. m., from his late residence, Litho
street, opposite schoolhouse. thence to St.
Mary's Church, Sausalito, where a high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10:30 a. m. Interment Fern-
wcod Cemetery, Sausallto." :
SULLIVAN— In this city, August' 4, 1905,
Michael, beloved husband of Nora. Sullivan.
\u25a0 end father of . Cornelius T., Stephen M.,
Matthew P. and Mary Sullivan, a native of
Dunsarvon, County Waterford. Ireland, aged
43 yearn. A member of Pacific Coast Marine
Firemen's Union.".',
JC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 p. m., from the parlors of
McFadden. Mcßrearty & Green. 1171 Mission
street, between Seventh -and Eighth, thenc«
to St. Rose's Church for services at' 1:30
p. m.. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SWEET— In this city. 1 August 4. 1905, ' Minerva
E. Sweet, beloved wife :of \u25a0 G.'"JV Sweet, a
nativ» of California, aged ' 29 ' years.
Cy Funeral and interment 'private.
TAMBURINI— In ; this city, August 4, 1003,
; Stephen. \u25a0 dearly beloved' husband of Adelina'
Tamburlni, and loving- father of. Louisa and
Mary. Tamburinl.: and beloved brother cf
James Tamburlni. a - native of . Tyrol. Aus-
tria, aged 42 years 10 months and 14 days.
I'LQTS
In Odd Fellows* and. Masonic Cemeteries can be
iexchanged for Plots In
\u25a0 MT. OLIVET CEMETERY.
\u25a0•- For .particulars apply at City Office. •\u25a0\u25a0'-\u25a0'.
GRANT BLDG.. MARKET & SEVENTH STS.
Lieutenant Thomas Casey Callaghen,
chief scout of the army,; in
Manchuria, Is a ..Canadian . : lieutenant'
who won his title in the Boer war.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and I'nfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth Bt.— Rooms
2jc to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
iA— THE PIERRE, 57'J O'FARRELL.
Btautiiully lurnished. light, sunny suite;
alto oineie room: excellent care; low rent..
I AT 'The Almonte," S7o Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 2lic to s<X\ $1. ?1 50 night:
£1 s<' to $10 week: house o.'.en all night.
! LSELMOND House-, over Owl drug store; 2 en-
trances, ll^'G Market *.nd 21 Turk— Electric
lights, running water in every room; -IW
rooms; "Sc to ">oc per night; $1 "Z to $3 week.
j BERNARD, 77— For two; large sunny bay-
\u25a0rindow room: view; modern, convenient,
reasonable. '^~
j BUSH. IL'5;;- Front rcom; $3.
! JJUSH. 1."35. near Lurline Baths— Sunny fur-
n!sb<d rooms: phone, bath: reasonable.
| -EDDY. 514 — Very large, sunny, nicely fur-
nished front room; running water; phone.
Small basement room $1 week.
EDDY, 1»74 — 8, 4 and 5 room apartments;
newly lurnished; eunny; close mi opposite
Jefferson square.
FELL. 351— A pleasant home for elderly gen-
tleman in Jewish family; no children; refs.
FLORIDA. 7<>3 — I-arge, furnished room with
use of parlor, piano and kitchen; rent $10.
FOLSOM. lt£W — Large sunny fur. rooms; large
grounds, gas, bath, phone; suitable 2 gents.
FOURTH, 271 — 100 rooms; all 6lzes and prices;
| new. modern; hot and cold water.
! GOLDEN State . House. 1207 Market, near
Eighth — Scrupulously clean and very quiet
furnished rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN, Seventh and Mission—
100 looms. 35c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $7 wk.
i HARRIET, ISs— Sunny sitting-room and bed-
room; SlO.
! HOTEL Hamilton. 120 Ellis — New hotel. Just
opened; class "A"; steel building, strictly
fireproof; European *rplan; telephone and
eteam heat in every room; rooms without
bath. $1 per day; with bath, $1 50 to $3; re-
duced ra^es by week or month.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN, cor. Ellis and Leav-
en worth — SCO rooms; modern and up to date:
light, sunny and airy; hair mattresses; tree
baths; everything fresh «ad clean; single
rooms and baths; reasonable rates.
HOWARD, "15— Rooms, 25c to $1 peT day;
$1 50 to $3 per week: reading-room, etc.
HOWARD. R2o— ROOMS. • ROOMS; CLEAN.
CLEAN: TRANSIENT; REASONABLE.
HYDE, 403 — Sunny front alcove suite; $18;
one room $12; large yard.
j JESSIE. 337— Furnished rooms.
LEAVENWORTH. 1302. corner Clay— Large,
tuiiny. corner room; run. water, phone; gent.
| MARKET, 7r>U — Fine furn. rooms; nas, electric
ilghts. running water: convenient: reasonable.
MARKET. 1004 — Single room to rent; third
floor; ?1 25 per week.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL, 129 Third St. — 400
feingls and family rooms, 35c to $1 5o per day;
$2 to $S w«k; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office on ground floor; hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room, and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and nlcht to its guests. ;
MINNA. 465 — A Jarre front room.
MINNA, 6C5. n*ar Seventh — Furnished room;
large, clean and sunny. W. TORBENSEN.
MISSION. 1022— Rooms to let.
NINTH. 124— Sunny- front hall room; large
closet; gas; $7.
OAK, 2037. opposite park — Very desirable fur-
nished rooms. '
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator and electric lights; unfurnished offices.
O'FARRELL, 1497 — One to four furnished
cr unfurnished rooms.
PAGE. 20— Two neat rooms to let.
$8 PER month: front sunny room; lady pre-
ferred. 930 Powell /«t.
RIO VISTA Hotel. 253 Third et., nr. Howard—
New house, with modern conveniences; rooms
en suite and Blngle; rates by day 35c up;
by week. $2 up; baths free to guests.
THE FLORENCE. 102 Ellis, corner Powell—
Rooms, 60c and upward; first-class service;
special rates by week to families.
TWENTT-FIRST, 3Ssl— Furniehed rooms to
let.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy. nr. Market— 4oo
rooms, 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights fno gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus. baggag«.
VAN NESS. SlB— Sunny suite; balh, fid. bed,
gas rar.re. etc.; no children; rent reduced.
WEBSTER. 1822— T0 let, 6 furnished rooms
bath and piano, for three months.
WOLF HOUSE. Sixth and Howard sts.— Best
known transient house In city: ctean, neat;
charges reasonable; central location com-
mend? it to traveling public; cafe attached;
cars pass door. G. H. yon der Mehden, prop.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms,
25c to $1 50 nightly, $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received nt
Call ranch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subtcriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St., osposlte Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AA^H^Ti^L^AßL^oißO^G^r^&r^d^y^U
JUST OPENED. Rooms modern and up vo
date; light, tunny and airy; hair mattresses:
free fcaths: everything elegant, fresh and
clean; table unexcelled; rates very reason-
able ; must be seen to be appreciated; located
in the heart of the city — 404 Eddy st. — iO4.
"Best meals in the city."
ELLIS 453 — Nice furnished rooms, with best
French table board. MME. TEUCE.
RAUSCH. 65. bet. Seventh and Eighth— Rcom;
good German board; homelike; $18 month.
JOHNSTON, THE. 605 O'Farrell— Sunny suites
and single rms: excellent board: refere-nces.
Old Stevenson Mansion, 807 California St.; new
carpets and Interior; exceptional table; mod.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage raid.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
BOARD and room wanted near City Hall fot
two Chinese Government students in the
Hastings Law Coileee; not more than $25 a
month. Apply REV. ERNEST BRADLEY.
63G Fulton St.. San Francisco. \u25a0
STEAM LAUNDRIES.
LAUNDRY of kinds only union help; prices,
rooming-houses sheets and slips, 20c doz :
towels, He each. Tel SMITH, Howard 4011.
PROPOSALS.
XJ. S. ENGINEER office, Flood bulldfng. San
Francisco, Cal., Aug. 2, 1905.— Sealed pro-
posals for dredging in Oakland harbor, Cal.,
will be recei%ed here until 12, noon, Tues-
day, September 5, 1905: information on ap-
pllcation. W. H. HEUER. Col.. Engrs.
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
ENGRAVED weddlnff Invitations, visiting and
business cards, crest, etc ; high-class work at
moderate rates. J.H.Duncan. l26 Kearny.r.l-S.-
MARRIAGE LICENSES. *
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
John M. Carney. 31, 20% Glover street, and
Ethel V. V 066, 20, 20% Glover street.
Alfred Piper. 27, 2486% Market street, and
Elizabeth Johnson, 23, 2456 Market street.
John J. Fahrny, 26. Eureka, and Louise
Karlen, 23, Cleveland.
Franz H. V. Yon Holleuffer. 25, 393 Hayes
itreet. and Ida P. Boyen, ISV 214 Hickory aye.
William T. C. Smith, 34, Los Angelee, and
Beatrice Bryon, 22, Pasadena.
Charles G. Cooper, 21. 754 Duboce avenue,
and Irene L. Jencsa, IS, J)O3 Sutter street.
Emile J. Larachet. 25, ' 1340 Sacramento
street, and Lucille A. Burton, 18. 1540 Jackson.
George W. Hawkins. 22, 240S Franklin
street, and Ethyl A. Merritt, 19. Petaluma.
I BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices Bent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with .the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
cf the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
GREEN— In Courtland. Cal.. August 4. 1905.
to t^e wife of Beckman Boyd Green, a
daughter.
HOETETLER— In Elmhurst., July 28, 1905 to
the wife of W. G. Hosteller (nee Munk), a
son.
MURPHY— In this city, August 2. IOOS. to the
wife of Jamee K. Murphy, a daughter.
STEIN— In this city, August 3, 1905 to the
wife of E. Stein, a son.Condition of the Treasury. • \u25a0 v f ;
WASHINGTON, Aug. 4.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
eerve, shows: Available cash balance, $129,
44»,5«5; gold coin and bullion, $50,555,543.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 4.— : The market contin
ued under pressure of .. the former bull clique,
and prices were sold down 20 to 24 points
additional from yesterday's closing | under .ig
, gressive selling and manipulation tactics. This
I break naturally influenced liquidation by out-
Dldcrs and commission houses. Late In the day
the market rallied about 15 points from the
low point, principally on the efforts of some
shorts to cover. It is . impossible to " venture
any decided prediction on the ' Immediate
course of prices In the present manipulated
state of the market.
1 The .Bureau report of ' yesterday gives us'
1 the worst conditions on record, and It means
a short crop, taking the '- abandoned acreage
and the present conditions ; with the - lateness
of the crop. The bears, notvever. claim it Is
now discounted. Liverpool will be closed to
morrow and Monday. !
Cotton futures -opened " steady. ' August
I 10.35 c; September, 10.42 c; October,. 10.60 c; No
vember, IO.CSc; December, - i0.71c; January
lO.SOc; March, 10.89 c; . April, 10.90 c: May
10.91 c. V
Cotton futures closed steady. * August,
10.30 c; September, 10.43 c; October. 10.58 c; No
vember, 10.63 c; Decrember, 10.68 c; January."
10.76 c; February, 10.80 c; March, ;10.56c- ADrll
•10.90 c; May. 10.93 c. ,
Spot cloeed quiet, 40 points lower: middling,
10.40 c; middling gulf, 10.90 c. - Sales, 1900
bales. ,
New York Grain aad Produce.
NEW YORK. Aug. 4.— FLOUR— Receipts
1«, 300 barrels; exports, 16,100 barrels.- - Dull
and unchanged. ..- .
WHEAT— Receipts, 12,000 bushels. Spot
firm;' No. 2 r«d. 88% c elevator f. o. b., and
90%e f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth
$1 l<i% f. o. b. afloat.' . . :....- r
\u25a0 Except for a slight opening decline, due to" :
j favorable Northwest reports.- . wheat was firm
all day, with a fair trade.- It - responded .to
I . ni6t • talk; • complaints . of : poor threshing re-;
turns, a • bullish Modern • Distiller ' report ~and
I adverse Russian crop news.- closing %@%c net :
higher. . September, "-' 88%@8S 15-16e, clossd
88% c; December, 90%@01%c. closed 91 %c May
02%«393%c.' c105ed O3V4c. \. '.'.
! HOPS— Firm.- ':\- v
HlDES— Quiet. *
PETROLEUM— Quiet. :' •
' ' COFFEE — The market opened unchanged arid
ruled on that basis! until the, noon hour when
a disposition was Ehown by a few traders .to
.realize. ; This. \u25a0 with . the \u25a0 absence \u25a0 oC any great
I demand. • cau«ed . prices to. ease about, 5 points.
This . was recovered In the later : trading on
reports of continued light receipts and , Rio ana
' Santos V markets ;. developing \ renewed \u25a0\u25a0 strength.
On I buying I induced by (these ' advices ahe I mar
ket.advanced 5 -to 10 points "over : last .nisht's
close, which level .; was maintained •to i the \u25a0 end
of the \u25a0 sesslon.-^i Europe' Z was t : a : conspicuous
seller and-Wall street was, the .best* buyer.?? \u25a0-;•
1 i Futures closed "steady i and * unchanged.' v Sep I
I tember, 7.05 c; October, 7.20 c; j December,^ 7.35®
' 7.40 c: -- March." 7.60 c ;. May, T.70@7.75c;1' July,'
i 7.75®7.80c. '.\u25a0\u25a0- Spot — Rio, steady,: No.:< 7 Invoice,
I B%cr mild.: firm.; ?.'' \u25a0 ' V ' - • \u25a0
I SUGAR — Raw,^ quiet; fair, refining, . 3 7-16c@
frft imiilaii II if 11 ilTlMifti irtlHinni I » lliinllill HIWW'" -\u25a0 " .
Prbvislbnit.
: > CHICAGO*- Aug. 4.— CATTLE— Receipts.
2.100. Steady. Good to prime steers. $5 25®
5 90; poor to medium. $3 75@5 10: stockers and
feeders $2 25@4 20; cow«.- 52 40@4 40; heifers,
$2 25®4 80; canners, 1 $1 50@2 40; bulls, $2 40@4;
calves, $3@7: Texas fed steer 3. $3 50@5; West
ern' steers, $3 50@4 90. \u25a0 :./ -• -\u0084'- \u25a0;,: -.. . \u25a0;
HOGS^Receipts. '10,000: '< to-morrow, ; esti
mated. 9(>00. Market s@loc • higher. Mixed
?and butchers, $5«50@6 10; good to choice heavy,
$5 9Ootf 07% ; rough ' heavy, $5 40@5 80; light,
$5 75®6 15; bulk of sa!es.'ss 60@5 80.V:
, -SHEEP— Receipts.- 12,000. • Steady. ' Gpodto
choice wethers. $4® 4 55; fair to choice mixed.
$454 50- Western sheep, $4©4 75; native lambs.
$5@7 50; Western lambs, $5 50@7 50. .....
'\u25a0\u25a0:.'. Omahn.
OMAHA, Aug.. 4.— CATTLE— Receipts, 100.
Steady to strong. Native - steers, Is 3 75@5 50;
cows and Jheifers. $2 75@4 40: Western r steers.
$3 15@4 60; Texas steers, $2 is@3 <6; cows and
heifers $2@3 70; cannera, $1 50@2 40; etockera
and - feeders.- $2 SOQ^ 25; calves, $5@5 50; -bulls
and etass,' s2#2 75. : • . *^.- "V - :: - '
HOGS— Receipts 7000: marset 5c - higher.
Heavy. . ss 6C@5 70; mixed, $4 50@5 70; light,
$4 70@5 75 v Pigs,' $4 75@5 50; bulk of sales.
$5 75(3670.' \u25a0 .-'.\u25a0; \u25a0 .\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0'. -, '.'\u25a0- \u25a0'\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0-.-'\u25a0. \u0084.:.-.,'
SHEEP— Receipts, .3500. Market . stronger.
Western yearlings,. $4 75@5 05; - ewes, $3,75®
- 4 5«.
Kansas. City.
KANSAS CITY, "Mo., Aug. 4.— CATTLE-. :
Receipts, 2000. Market strong. , Native steers,
$ 1 25<54 75 • native cows : . and -. heifers. • $2(S'5 25 :
stoekers and feeders, ( 52 75@4 40; | bulls.v $2 25®
3 75" calves,' $3 50<ati: .Western steers. $3 50®
,5--WesterniCows..s2®4:^-"^-. \u25a0;•",-'= =-- -v-.; •<;-«,\u25a0 j
;HOGB- Receipts. SOOO. Market s@loc higher.
Bulk 'of -sales '. $5 80@5 90;. heavy, $5 75@5 SO:
packers. $5 60@5 05 ; pigs ; and \ lights, $5 80®
•: 'SHEEP— Receipts, 3000. Strong., Muttons',
$4 IS'SS 15;"lambe.I$5 25@C 50; range wethers,
$ 1 60® 5 25 ; fed ewes, $3 75@4 50. \
Chicago.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
!Intsr Marine -. 12%| IS>4 I
1 Do pfd T 30 I 30% I
J,2oo'lnter Paper • 19? i 10% li*% 19% !
100j Do pfd '&% 78% 75% 79 i
Inter Power .... .:...| Zti [ 36% ;
llnter Pump 27%! 30 |
! Do pfd 7e%! 78 I
l.lOOlowa Central .... 29Vi 2S',ji 2S"-i| 25%
600] Do pfd ...... 55',.! 54«4i 55 IGO i
Uaps 4% Bonds. .-...1 02',« &.'% j
Do lsts lClSgjl.ol% !
Do 2ds !>»% M?i I
Kanawha & Mchi 1 30 35
! ...iKC FtS & M pfdj 113 15
.Kans City So ...i 2<>% 27
Do rfd 1...; 57Vi 57%
iKwkuk &D M 113 15
;Laclede Gas pld MSS 110
-Lake Erie & W .1 32-% 35
Do pfd 1 1)3 97
;Long Island f. ....( 55 58
I 4.200 L & N \u0084 147^4 146% 14C^|146%
" jMackay .-. 40%) 41
Do pfd 74Vi 74»i
200] Manhattan ;166U 166 Vi 166 IUC%
2.700 Metro Securities. 53% 82 %1 82' i 52%
2O.4oo|Metro St Ry .. 129* 127?t 127% 12S
li.CK*iMexican Centrals 23% 22% 22% 22%
I.SCOMinn & St L' 70* 63 CS 69
• I.lott| Do Ist pfd ... fl7>i 95 07% 95%
700; M St P& S S Mjl3S% 132% 13S 139 !
1.2001 Do pfd 1165. 162% 165 iI6(J%
, I.ooo'Mo Kan & Texas 29 25%( 28 HI 25%
I Do pfd 1 03% i «4
7,3oo! Missouri Pacific. iH>l>?i 10<HiHooi4ilOO%
400,Nash CTi &St LIISI 1150 150 J155
le.lOOJNational Lead...) 49H 4SVi *B^l *8% i
Do pfd 1 104%'105'.i.
N R R of M rfd I CS 35%
900 National Biscuit. 57 8 i! 57 56V-! 37
1 !200| Do pfd 115 115 114 " 114%
3t»iNew Jersey Cenl 211 210 209 211
1.300, N V Air Brake.. 164 1«2U.|164 165
! 3,SOC,N V Central . . J47 vi|l-»7 " 147 147%
i 2.200 NYC& St L. 53% 53 53% 53%
Do Ist pfd ...116 120 .
700 Do 2d pfd 54 S3 S3 S4
N V Dock 22 25
IN V N H & Hart ..... . 201% 202
3,300. N V Ont & W.. 53% 53 52% B3U
800 Norfolk & West.! S6V* Ss*i 85% S6V*
I Do pfd 02 94
100, North American. 101 101 100% 101
INorth Securities, 176% 177%
7.ooo;Northern Pacific. 210 204 207%J2<>8%
.(Omaha .....: \ ISB 19<>
I Do pfd 190 200
O S L 4's 96% 90%
Pacific Coast 94 05
Do Ist pfd 103 110
Do 2d pfd 93 95
1001 Paciflo Mail 42 43
2S.Boo!Penns R R Co. 143% 142> 143%H4:Hi
2. 7oo. People' s Gas 107% 106»i 100% 107
jP C C & St L 14% 15%
... Dopfd 100- 112
I.2ooiPressed S Car... 46 45 45 ' 45^
200; Do pfd 96% 96% 96hi 9«%
[Pullman Car Co. 235 240
500!Ry S Springs Co 36% 3t5 36% 3ti% ,
200! Do pfd 100 93% Pi JIOO ,
67, 400, Reading ..,107 106 106% 106% |
Do lat pfd 93% 04
200 .Po.2d pfd ... f>2% 02% 91% 92% |
3.000-Republlc S & 1.. 21% 21 21 21%
2.000 Do pfd 84 83% 83% S3-V,
Rubber Goods 34% 55%
Do pfd 104 105
6OOISIOSS SS& I Co 87% 87% 87 S8 i
Do pfd 105 125 :
300 S L&S F Ist prd 76V- 76><i 76% 77
200 Do 2d pfd.... 68% 68% «S «S% ;
400 St L& S W.... 24% 24 .24 24%
300 Do pfd 62% C 2% (51 62
ie,oooiSouthern Pac .. 65% 64% 65 65%
600! Dopfd lIS 117% 117% 118 '
15,100! Southern Ry ... 35% 35 35% Z5%
40O[ Do pfd ....... 95% 98% 98% 99
[Standard Oil 616 020
300iStand Rope & T 1% IV4 1% 1%
4,7oO;Tenn Coal & Iron 90 59% 89% 8!)%
I Tex Pac LTr Co 41 44
700!Texa9 Pacific .. 33% 3:^% 83% 3.'*%
;Third Aye 126% 127
300 Tol Ry & T Co 35 34% :54% 35 ;
Tol St L& W 3S :tS',i j
100 Do pfd 57% 57% 67tf 57%
9.600 Twin City R T. 119% 116^ llS^s 118%
, Un Bag & Paper! 9%| 11
\u25a0 42,100 Union Pacific .. 131% 130% 130% 131
Dopfd 97% 98%
U P Cony 4s 73% 75
United Copper 32U 32%
2 000 Un Rds of S F. . 70 CB% 69% 70
l"O0O Do pfd 89 BSU SS% 8»
..™. Do 4s ..-• 60% 91%
1,000 U S Cast I Pipe 31% 31% 31 31%
' 10d Do Pfd 92% 92% 92% 93.
U S Express 122% 126
200 U S Leather... 13% 13% 13 It
Do pfd 106 112
U S Realty&Con 90 91
300 US Red & R Co 34% 34 V* 34 X 34%
40d Do pfd 7114 71 71% 72
SCOOItJ S Rubber.... 52% 51% 51% 52
'300 Dopfd 11l (110 100% 110%
13 4TOU S Steel Cor. 35%) 35% 35% 35%
\u25a017 500 Dopfd 104%|104 104% 104%
' 1 700 Va-Car Chem Co 34%] :«% 34 34^
100| Dopfd 108%|XXi%106 106%
100 Wabash 19 19 19 . 19%
....... Do P fd 39% 39% 40 41
.... Do Deb Bs 70% 70%
100 Wells-FarKO Ex. 245 245 240 250
20O',Western Union.. 93% 93% 93% m%
IWestinghouse ™ JwJj
Do let pfd 190 1%,
W& L E •-••• 16 lf%
Do let pfd ..... 39 41
600^ Do 2d pfd.,.. 24 23% 23% 24
I.TOOIWIs Central ... 24% 24 24% 24%
3.300| Do pfd 53 51% 52% 52%
Cs4.4OO— Total shares sold.
New York Bond*.
U S ref 2s reg.. 103% [Japan 6s. cert.... 101
Do c0up0n...... 103%! Japan 6s. 2d ser. 09%
Do S 8 reg 103%|Japan 4%5. cert.. 92%
Do coupon 103%, L & N uniflefl 45. 104
Do new 4s reg.l32 I Man con gold 45. 104%
Do coupon 132 IMex Central 45... 77%
Do old 4s reg.. 104 Do let mc 24%
Do coupon 104 Minn &St L 4s. 97%
Am£ Tob 4s 75 JM X & Texas 45.102%
Do 6s 115,* Do 2ds S«U
Atch Ken 4s 104 NR of Mcx con 4s 82 Vi
Do IdJ 4s 97 NYC gen S%s.. MM
Atlantic C L 45.102%.N.J C gen 55....134 V»
Bait & Ohio 4e.. 105% Nor Pacific 4s 105%
Do 3%s 95%| 3s 77%
Centra! of Ga ss-114 iNor & W con 43.103
Do Ist mc 98 ,O S L refdg 45... 90%
Do 2d Inc S7 Pa cony 5%5.. . . .10414
Ches & Ohio 4%».lo9%j ßeading gen 45... 102%
Chi & Alton B%s. SO |SL&Pf con 55.116i4
C. B & Q new 4s.lol%iSt L & S F fg 4s, 88%
C RI & Pac < s - B**»Bt LS W con 4s. 82%
'Do col 5s 94% i Seaboard A L 4s. 90V4
CCC & SLgn 4s.lol>,iiiSo Pacific 4s 04%
Chl Term 4p »o^i Do Ist 4e.' cert. 06%
Colo Midland 45.. 74% So Railway 55....119V4.
Colo & So if 94 Tex & Pac 15t5.,123
Colo In« ss. ser A 7.1 . I Tol. St L & W 4s. 55%
Do '*. eer 8.. 71 '.Union Pacific 4s. 105%
Cuba sb. cert 107* i! Do cony 45.... .130%
Den & RJo G 45.J01%!U S -Steel 2d 55.. 96
Dist Securities 58 80%iWabash ltits 118%
Erie prior lien 45.101%! Do deb B 70%
' Do pen 4s . /. . . 93%| Western Md 4«. . . 83
F W & D C lsts.lls 1W & L'Erte- 45... 93%
Hock Val 4%5...110%!wis Central . 45 ... 93%
New York "ilinlnx Stoclu.
\u25a0Adami< Con 22, Ontari- 2 00
Alice f>siOphir .....6 75
Breece ...;.:....' 42' Phoenix 02
Bruni- Con 14 Potosl ............ 10
Cowwtoek Tunnel . 07 Savage ........... (Xi
Horn Silver 1 75 Sierra N'cvada... . 34
Iron Silver 3 35! Small Hopes ..... 2S
Lcadville C0n.... 0^ Standard 140
Little Chief ..... 06! -
xsoston Stocks end Donds.
Money — !U S 5tpe!.... .... .'3514
Call loans 3©3%| Do pfd ........104%
Time loans 3%@4%j WoEting Common. 8-1
Bonds — • j M.inln? —
Atehlson 4i« .... .102% l Adventure ......... <?
Do adj 4s .07%rA!louez .......... 33%
M^r Central 45.. 77 jAmal Copper .... S4 1
P.ailroads — I Amer Zinc .. . 10
AtcMson - SO%iAtlantlc ...IS'4
Do pf<l ...102Vi^ninsrham 31
Boston & Albany.2.% .Calumet &.Hecla.67s '
Boeton i Maine.. l 77 Centennial 23»i
Boston Elev ....15:; .Copper Range ...70%
jntchburff f>fd....l*O Daly West ."..'l::%
ifcx Cntral ..... 22J4I Dora Coal 77
N V N H & H.. 201% 1 Franklin .;.. 12%
P«»ro Slarquette.. . 98 Granby .......... 7«
Union Pacific... 130& Isl«? Royalc 22%
Miscellaneous--.- Mars Mining..;. —
Amer Arge Cs— •«. 23 Mlfhfgan .....14%
Do »6* -.. \u0084. . 91 Mohawk ......... 55%
-All condition's 'remain unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium.- 13%c for light.
14c ; for extra light" and 1&®17%c for sugar
cured; -dry Salt Sides, 10c: Bellies, 11 %c;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams; 13?4ei4c; Califor
nia Hams. 12%@13c; Mess Beef. $3 50 per bbl;
extra Mess. $10; Family. $11;- prime Mess
.Pork, $14; extra clear $19 50 : Mess. $17 30;'
Pig Pork $22; Pigs 1 Feet. $5; Smoked Beef.'
14c per lb. • _-..-.
-LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for.
California compound. 7c for. Eastern compound
and 9%c. for pure; 'half-barrels. : pure^ 9%c;
10-lb; tins. l0%c:-5-lb. tins.- 10% c; 3-n> tins.
io%c. - -;-, -.••-;\u25a0\u25a0..-\u25a0- .--. ---
\u25a0\u25a0. COTTOLENE— One half barrel. B Kc: three
: half barrehs.iS^c;- one tierce/ 8c; two tierces,
: 7%c;iflVß tierces, 7%c.per lb.
HirleM, Tnlloir, AVOOI and Hops. .. .
The Hlda market' shows "Increased activity
and Is reported < more or less excited all over
the world, • the • demand being larger than- the
supply. -'" Quotations for .a , number of ' descrip
tions are higher . in consequence and Tallow is
also higher. ; :.- :^ - :.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands- s* 11
about under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers," 12c;. medium,.^ll%c;Hght, lie; Cow
Hides.' 1 ' lie for- heavy - and ;. lie • for- 1 light:
Stags S%c: Salted Kip. -lie- Salted Veal. 12c;
Salted Calf -> 12%(5!1.'5c: dry Hides 19% c; try .
Kip. 17c; dry Calf. 22c; Sheepskins, shearlings,
25ip40c tach; ehort Wool. 50®90c each; medium
90cg?l 25; long- W001.: 5125<@2; Horse Hides
salt. $3 25 for \u25a0\u25a0 large and ' $2 75 " • for : medium
$2 25 for small- and '•. 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides.- . dry.'. $1 ;73<g2 for large and ?l 50 - for
medium. $1 for smn!l and 50c for Colts. : Buck
Skins — Dry; Mexican. . 30c: dry salted • Mexican.'
\ 25c:dry Central. American, 30c% Goat Skin?-*
1 Prime "Angoras. :. 73c: extra \u25a0: large do," $1 23"
I lanre. 50c- -medium. » soc: small, 35c. :
- ; TALLOW— No. .1 J rendered. ; 4@4Hc per lb;
No.- 2. 3@3%c; : Grease, 2®2%c^
; WOOL— Spring clip — Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 28«?30c. Fall clip — San \u25a0 Joaquln Lambs,
free. 17@l!)c: do. defective 15@lSc per tb.
'„ HOPS — 1904 crop.- 16%©15% c per lb; 1905
crop.; 15c. . . .\u25a0-, \u25a0-; . . \u25a0
"*i Bleat;* Market.
'."'. Hogs are reported 'easier,-: as » arrivals, are
Increasing, though ; ther* ii so actual decliae ,
FRIDAY. August 4—2 p. : m.
TWITED STATES BONDS
'.-'-*..: Bid. Ask' - Bid.' Ask.
4s qr c0up. .104 104%*, qr cp new.lK 133H
4s qr reg...tO4 104%' 3s qr coup. ..103kI<K?i
MISCELLANEOUS BOND 3.
Ma A* V^ ss. \u25a0 — — Ok T Cen 55.1139%110.
Asso Oil 53. 83% 93 O W «td ta. •»- 9«>
Bay CPC sslC7 107% Oceanic 5 ss. 63 70
Cal C G ss-1C3% — • Om Cable 65.12t, mj4
Cal G & Eg • Pae O Ira 4s. »*q 97%,
m&1t5i94%93 PERtKJBS-'
Cal-st C s«.lllHll3UtPao LAP 5«.1OO —
C C Wat stlQlslUl%;P & C H. 65.102% -,
EdL & P 65:124% — Pft O R 08.110 —
F& C H 89.118 — Powell-«t . Bs. «r"i : — •
Geary-st 5«-. 50- «> Sac E.atßsa.lOS ICB
H CAS 6%5.107Vi — SF & an' 59.120% — .
Do 59 .: .107% — RF.Ofc* SJss.ll»H —
Hon^R T e5.103% - Sletra . R 8-UI2UU4 .
L A Elec 53. — — 3 PofA to
LAO&inst- lot «5g.i»£32 ""
LARySe..U9 — (ll)10> —
NRofce-i&K- :svwatc».iO4 1«%.
DO 68 ....120%120H D»> 4« Mn.U», — -
N P C R 55.104% — Do 4s 3dm.lCd»* —
NC Ry 55.. — IU% Do g mt*4s 97% — .
NC PC ss. 98 Stkn G&E6». 9& T »-.:
O GL&H 5s.lC»«411O V G & E Ss-lOtji .— .
Oak TCo 6a. 119% — UR of SF *m. 91 >4 — •
Do to ..-.112 - IVal Co P 5«.103*106
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 41% 42 iPort Costa.... — «•
Marta CV.... 55 . — I S V .Wat Co. 38% 3T ;
GAS AND ELECTRIC ,
Cent L & P. 4 ' * [Pac L C 0»... C 3% —
Mutual^E L. 12% 13 \u25a0 | Stkn aAE. \u25a0 » —
INSURANCE.-
Firem's md.323 — ! .
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl 8k..127%131 LP & A... . — lfl» \u25a0 '
Anglo-Cal ..89 — Mer Trust... 2lo 24»
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ex 53 —
Cal Safe Dp.136 160 9 F National — ' 16» .
Frst NatloBl.31» -\u25a0 — I- >" \u25a0 •"• • : \u0084
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S& L. 2520 — |Sar A L|o..- 1»;
Hum Say Bk — — I Sec SaY Bit. .393 —
Mu^al 5av.102%10« [Union T Co:2700 S3O»
S T Say U.ttSO *-— I .-\u25a0/-. : .
STREET RAILROAD 3.
California -210 — (PresHdio ..... 39% 41
Geary-.;.... — 40 i V i . 1
. , POWDEH.
Giant ...-...-70% 71%;-
SUGAR.
HaWallan C"'S5 85«t|Makaweli C. — 3«>\
Honokaa S C 15% 1«H Onomea S C.:36ti 3*\
Hutch SFCU% 15 Paauhau S C 22% 22%
Kllauea S\C. 4 5%! , - ,
MISCELLANEOUS... . . : _•
'Alaska PA. 59% 90 [Oceanic S Co. 3 ."— ,
Cal FC A. — 101 Pac Aux F.\. 4 5 .
Ca»-Wtne"A. 83 H- I P«c C 8crx.133 — • .
MVi MtTm. — — iPac S Tel Co.loo 102
tOBM SALES.
. : . "Morning Session.
\u25a0\u25a0 i Board — • •
10 First National Baok . ...l.\. .520 CO
75 Alaska Packers' Association... -89 BO \u25a0
; . 30 Cal Fruit Cann<?r3 - Assn ICO 00
50 S F Gas & Electric. • 90 «2 50 ; .
StfS'F Gas & Electric «2 73
80 Paauhau S P C 0............... 22 30 •
,55 Contra Costa Water. «ash 41 73 \u25a0-
ICO Makawelt. b-30. '.'. ..3*so'
ICO Hutchlnson' S P Co '. .'. ..^. 14 75
•W.OCO Spring Val Wat 4s (3d mtge)..lCO 25 ,
$3,000 L A-Pac R Rlstcon 6»......U2 50. ,
S9.CCO Sacto El Gas & Ry sa. cash..lOS OO
J5.0C0 S F & S J V 5«.. 121 CO
! $S.CflO Pacific Electric Ry 5a.. .112 23
$lO.e*H) Pacific Electric Ry 3». ...112 CO
UI.CCO United R R of S F 4s.' .'. 91 23
$10. CCO Northern 'Ry of Cal 63 103 «%
; :: 1 Street— . ; . . '*• ?
50 S F Gas, & Electric :63 00
400 Spring .Valley Water Co. 3 10., 36 73
: Afterncoo " Session.
Board— ; • -
. 5 Giant Powder Con \u0084.... tTIQBt TlQB
25 Hawaiian . Coml * Sugar '. . S3 50
150 Hutchlnson S P CO 14 73
15 S y Ga» * Electric... ....t«3 o<>
V. 2W» Spring Valley Water C 0...... 38 73
Sl.Oeo Los Anseles-Ry 3» -...;..... ..119 00
$1 000 Market-st By 1« con 55. . 11» 00
*2.C00 Oakland Transit 3s : . . . , . . 112 23
jI'OOOS P of Cal «s-<1906)...V....-..t04 2S
$7>iflO United' R R of S F 49.......; 91 25
$11,006 Pa elflc Electric Ry- 3s ........112 23
\u25a0\u25a0•' Street — - - \u25a0 . • ' • \u25a0
lOO'Mutual Electric Ught 12 71
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
Exchange and Bullion.
SoV>'-v- LOCAL. .
LOCAL MARKETS.
grades,^ combing and clothing 26@31c; light*
fine, 2lg^>7c; heavy fine. 18@22c; tub washed,
32@42c.
Northern, Market.
- OREGON.
PORTLAND, Aug. 4.— Wheat for ' export-
Club, 73@75c; blueatem, 78@SOc; for milling-
Valley, 7iic. . \u25a0
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. "4.— Wheat unchanged.
Quoted by millers-rClub. 74@75c; bluestem,
78c. \u25a0': ' . . . . \u25a0\u25a0• \u25a0\u25a0 ' . .
Xortbern Business.
PORTLAND, Aug. 4.— Clearings. $352,517;
balances. $60,428.
SEATTLE. .Aug. . 4.— Clearings, $951.(>56;
balances, $290,695.
TACOMA. Aug. 4.— Clearings. $436,467; bal
ances, $15,973. .
SPOKANE^ Aug. 4— Clearings, $441,036;
balances,. $59,411. -
Bonds Still SelUns Well, but Stocka
' , -. >ot Very Active. .
Bonds continue the " active feature of tbs
market for local securities, . the sales on the
Stock and Bond Exchange yesterday being
1124.CC0, of which 159.C00 were in Pacific
Electric Railroad 5s at *U2's'lVJ 25. . Stocks
were quiet,, with aales generally limited to
small kits. • - - ' . .
Mining stocks continued only moderately
active and without feature. Belcher, has
, levied an assessment of 10c and Caledonia on* .
:of 10c- ,-. " • "
- The Ytiarra Gold Mining Company of Lower
' California haa levied an assessment of 5c per
' share delinquent September 12. \u25a0• \u25a0 ' • >
1 \u25a0 The" annual meeting of the stockholders ot
the Merchants' Exchange Bank ot San Fran
cisco (in liquidation) has been postponed until .
October 17 for lack of a quorum. •
The regular annual meeting or tha stock
holder* of the Central. LJsht an<J Ppwer Con)- ,
pany has beea called for August 18. . ,
STOCK MARKET*
STiBIO-" Barley. $c SOQ9; Volunteer Wild Oat.'
$6i«S; suble. $G 50@S 50: stock. $5@6; Clover.
$7010; Alfalfa. $t@& per ton.
STRAW— oO<g5Oc per bale ,;
\u25a0 ••Beans and Seeds. \u25a0 \u25a0
1 Lima Beans continue to ease off. Black
eyes are firm at a further advance. Large
Whites are also strong and in demand in*
i other kinds are unchanged. •
BEANS— Bayos. . . $4«f 4 50; Pea. _ $o(go 00 .
Butter. $2 5C@4; small White. $a 25@0 i 5; large
White. *2 hSfe 'JO; Pink. $1 5C®2 oO for .air
-to good and 5o l'D®o 75 for choice; Red. 5o -o
@7; Lima. $0 5C§5 «srßed Kidneys. $.igl -^».
Blackeyes. if^'JS per :Ctl;. Horse- Beans,
SEKDS— Brown ilustard. $3 30@3 75; Yellow
Mu3tard nominal; Flax. *2 25<U- 7o; Canaiy.
U%c; Alfalfa. l(J®llc for Caltlomia^and l-«>
13c for Utah; Rape. 2%«^%c; Timothy, nomi
nal; Hemp. 3%c per lb: Millet. 24i&sJ%o.
Broom Corn Seed $2U@2l per ton. .
, DUIED i'EAtj— Ntles, $2®2 25; Green Peas.
$1 50^2 Per ctl. .
Potatoes, Onions and A'egetables. i
Previous conditions still prevailed In the
market for Potatoes and' Onions. stocks belpg
unwieldy and trade extremely quiet. The li>«f
prices of river .Potatoes have attracted some
business from points outside of the Sta'.e. bus
there has not bem . enough movement In thai
direction thus far to relieve the situation. \u25a0>
The vegetable market was heavily supplied
with Tomatoes. Summer Squash and Cucumbers
and all three . descriptions ruled - very weak,
.with dealers trying to urge business by cut
ting prices. - Green Corn was firmer again ana
Peas and Beans were higher under extr^iely
light - supplies.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 40@50c per • ctl;
White. 35@t;5c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. S5cQ
$1 per ctl: Uarnet Chiles 40© 55 c per ctl."
ONIONS— YeIIow, 73c@$l per ctL
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 3@4c per lb;
String • and Wax Beans. SOTc per lb; Lima
Beans. 7@7 I 'c per lb; Tomatoes, 20@40c per
box; Summer Squash, SG^HOc per box; Cucum
bers, 25@40c per box;. Pickle Cucumbers, nom
inal: Cabbage, 70c per ctl; Carrots 730 pet
sack; Garlic. 3@4c per lb : Egg Pian^ $19
1 25 per box; Green -Peppers, bScg.-Jt per box
for Chile and $I@l 25 for Bell; Green Okra,
75c@$l per box; Green Corn. $1 235|2 23 per
sack and $2 25<g3 per crate^ . '
Poultry and Game.
. No more Western Poultry appeared, but the
market was amply supplied with- local stock
and there was continued weakness in every
thing on the list, particularly In small Broil?
ers and Fryers, which formed a large per
centage of the day's arrivals.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10@21c per lb for
old and 23@25c .for young; Geese, per pair,
$1 25@1 50; Goslings. $1 SOftl 75; Ducks. $.{ 50
R4 per dozen for old and <4@4 50' for young;
Hens, $4@5 for small and ?3 stf@6 for
large; young Roosters. $4 60©G; old Rooe
ters $4@4 50- Fryers $3<33 50; Broilers. $2®3;
Pigeons, ?1 25: Squabs, $1 50@l 75.
GAME— Hare. $1 50@l 75 per doien; Cot
tontail Rabb'ta. $1 50®2 per dozen. • \u25a0 •
Butter. Cheese and Errh.
The situation In Butter continues Irregular,
those houses who are «hort of stock and have
to buy quoting 24c, while those direct receivers
who are well supplied quote previous price*.
There la no lack of Butter, but lt Is unevenly
distributed. The general expectation is that
there will be an advance before long.
. Cheese remains as previously stated. - . :
The situation <i» Eggs is- similar to that in
Butter, those houses who are well supplied
being weak, while those who have little stock
quote up to 30c.
Receipts yesterday were much larger again.
Receipts were '67,6oo lbs Butter, 1473 cases
Eggs and 20,900 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 23c
for extras and 22@22%e for lower and medium
grades; dairy. 20@22c; cold storage. 21%®23c:
store Butter, 16@17%c.
\u25a0 CHEESE — Good to choice mild new. 9@loc;
common. B%c; Young Americas. 10%@llc;
! Eastern.' 14&15 c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 28®30c for large white se
lected and 25@27%c for fair to good; stora
Eggs, lti@22c; Eastern firsts, 20<g24c; seconds.
lU&ISc per dozen. . •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. - >,
All kinds Of fruit In bulk '* remained very
weak, as the regular trade was operating
cautiously in that line of good 9 and the-can
ners were out of the market, all of the lead-
Ing concerns still being busy with contract
supplies of Bartlett Pears. The quotations for
bulk stock are withdrawn temporarily, as the
canners will stay . out of the market until the
heavy accumulation of contract stock is dis
posed of. It was reported that the dryers were
buying low-grade Bartletts at $15@17 50 per
ton. Receipts of small packages were rather
light and a firmer feeling prevailed In everyr
thing. except common Apples,, but there was no
improvement In prices of general offerings, as
local trade was rather quiet, as is usual on
Friday. Choice Seedless and Muscat Grapes
In crate 3; were In limited supply and readily
commanded good prices, while the other varie
ties were - neglected, although offered at low
rates. In the Melon line Cantaloupes were
firmer and Watermelons steady, while Nut
megs were lower under heavy arrivals and
large offerings of carried-over stock. Berries
were firm, for everything except Blackberries,
which were still In burdensome supply. There
was not much doing In Cltrua goods and, askU
from another advance In Mexican Limes, there
was nothing new to report -
STRAWBERRIES — Per chest. Longworths.
$3@6; large varieties.' J3@4 50.
RASPBERRIES — Per chest, $4@S.
BLACKBERRIES— SI 60<32 00 per chest. .
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@IOc per Ib.
APPLES — Wc6*l 15 per box tor fancy and
40@75c . for . common to choice; Crab Apples.
75c(g$l 50 per box.
APRICOTS — Per box or crate. 60c®$l.
PEACHES — Small boxes, 35@60c: carrier*.
50@70c; open boxes. 4C@6sc; In bulk, nor
nS — Bartlett.' $I@l 75 per box for
packed; In bulk. -nominal.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— Crates, 50@«5c:
small boxes. 25@40c; Plums, In bulk, nominal.
NECTARINES — 75c©$l.per box or crate. :
FlGS— Black, $2 50 for double-layer and
$1 50. for single-layer, drawers; White, 50@75c
per box or crate.
MELONS — Cantaloupes $2@3 per crate; Nut
meg Melons, 75c@$l per box; Watermelons,
$14ji per -dozen. . - ....-.-.\u25a0
GRAPES— SmaII boxes and crates, 60c@$l;
; large boxes. 75c(g$l 25. :
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. Valenclas. |2 80
B4 per box; Mediterranean Sweets, $I@2-
Lemons. . •\u25a0 *1 50@4; Grape Fruit, |1 60®
*> 50- Mexican Limes. $6®b 50 per case; Ba
nanas. $2 25<g3 per bunch for Central Ameri
can ana 51&1 15 for Hawaiian; Pineapples.
$1 sft®2 50 per . dozen. \
Dried, Fruit, Nats, Raisins and Honey.
• Local brokers and shippers yesterday quoted
the market for Dried Fruits even -stlffer than
1 before, with an advance of . %c in Aprlcou,'
which have developed Increased firmness dur
ing the . past few days. > Peaches and Prunes
continue to point upward, with the street'
rather ' looking far a further . advance. .- Old
: Tears are" almost cleaned "up". No prices for
new Plums have; yet . been named.
- FRUITS — Apricots. s%©Sc for new .crop
Royals and, for ; Moorparks; Peaches.
«%eti?4c f° r standards. 7®7%c for choice. 7%
f7%c for extra choice sad S@S%c for fancy;
ears, old, 7@llc; Plums, nominal; new Evap
orated Apples. 7%©Sc; sun-dried 2@3c per lb;
new Figs, boxes. 50c for choice, 55c for extra
choice and 60c for fancy; bulk white, 2% ©4 c
Pe pRUNES— Old crop. 2y©2»Jc per lb for the
four sizes and 3tf?3Uc basis for the large -sizes.
New crop Prunes, £433% c four-size basis.' with
most sellers now asking 3%c.
I RAISINS — 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno — De he sa
clusters. $1-35@1 40; London Layers, 55@950;
Loose Muscatels, 4-crown 5%c; 3-crown, 4%c;
2-crown, 3%c; Thompson's Seedless, . 4%c;
Seeded. 4U@C%c per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts.- No. 1 softshell. 12@13c;
No. 2. 10@llc; No.- I' hardshell. 12c; No. .2.
10c • Almonds 16@X7c for Nonpareils, . 15g16c
for IX Land Ne Plus Ultra and ll©l2c for
Languedoc; Peanuts. tifTo for Eastern; Pe
cans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50@5
" HONEY— Comb. 10@llc for white and 7©9 c
for amber; \u25a0 water - 1 white extracted. 5@5%c;
light amber- extracted. 4{Tse: dark. 3@3%c;
Hawaiian. 2'S2V,c for extracted. '
; BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb. . ' : :
X"v York Sloney Market.
NEW VGRK. Aug. 4. — Money on call easy;
fcifheft 2, lowest l«»i. ruling; rate 2. last loan 2.
bid I*4; otiered at -. Time loans.
BUcbtlT easier; .>0 days 3 per cent; «O ar.d I*o
cays and 4 ninths. 3V»^3U; 6 months, a^igw
ix-r pent.
Prime mercantile paper. 4@4i-i per cent.
ft^rling exchange firmer, with actual bus*
r.efs in backers' hills at 54.8G5554.5660 for de
mand and at $4.b175 J si4.blSo for sixty day
, frillf: posted rates, $4 SO I - iS4 87 V- : commercial
bill* *454%.
Bar sUv<?c' 29c. •
Mexican doliars] 45% c.
Goveraowt and railway bor.ds. steady.
X*w York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, Aug. 4. — The exchar.ee had
quite a liveljr hour following the opening to
day and the market Fhowed more consist-,
ency and etrenpth during that period than at
any time during the week. A good effect was
prc-Huced on sentiment by the fact that such
substantial market leaders as Union Pacific
anc St. Paul were fully participant in the
nio^ement, to the exclusion of come of the
Iff-? influential specialties which have made
v; n.ucb of the market's prominence on recent
<ia;.s. But the effort to carry prices higher
Beemed to have exhausted itself with this'
KHiTf. and the later tradinsr reverted to the
c>_:-s ol ppi^ialties which may be moved with
much l^se effort. With the subsidence of the
Varly active fierr.and a dropping tendency In
the etajriard stocks became observable. The
heaviness Jiad ro more news to exDlain it
• than did the early strength. The active buy
ing of the Cr>t hour was professedly based
on growing confidence in the grain crops, and
v w vas sought to convey the impression that
£ ' rmation was available to the buyers on
eUbect through the arrangements for se
\u25a0 curing sui'i'lies by the great cereal producing
. mpaHje©. The preference for less conspicuous
ir.arket leaders in the later movements turned
t.. *•: mo of the high priced railroad stocks
vtuch the . extraordinary market' course of
Ltctanoßl has served to make attractive.
'.\u25a0 rd irict-ji for CVntral Railroad, of New
Jet-bejr and for Ncrthern Pacific, with the ex
e«;itioo of the comer in the latter Mock, were
;t-- rnn^quence. American Smelting was
; ther stock 10 tourh a n«?w high record price.
A number oi minor stocks made their appear
»\u25a0 o» on the tape tor the flrst time in months,
t \u25a0 be i^ovt d upward with a dash -on light
trs.e&a'CUoris. The coalers and the Southern
group rested after their previous advance. The
earl} strrr.^ih in Union Pacific was explain
a! :. by the reports of net earnings for that
Eystess znd for Southern Pacific for June,
tk*h!cfi made their eppearaace during the day,
, Rbowtfts an increase over the preceding June,
b cached nearly a million dollars lor the
t» \u25a0 Eyscems. The check to . buying which
chewed in the later market may have been
One to ctn«idera.tion of the bank statement.
It wst- noticeable, however, than an easier
tone ws> reported ie the market for time
loses, and for call loans there was hardly any
• d«rr.«nd i(* «-hat wac offered. The eub-treas
urj I.&S «-j-:hdrawTJ something over $4,000,000
(Jurii^ t.h-e week thus far, notwithstanding the
Oeverr.mer.t ' interest payable on the first of
August. New York continues to gain cash
vi the interior movement, but not sufficient
to urlttt ibis drain, so that a decrease of over
t2.0U8.000 i" the cash item of. the banks Is
Indicated for to-morrow's bank statement
f/ondon tuDclied no business to thi9 mar
ket, th..- holidays there extending until next
Tuesday ti-rving to discourage new business.
2he irreruiar tone of the latter market con- \u25a0
•;r.iie<i up to the ciosinjr.
Bonds were steady. Total sales (par value).
t3.ti35.000. *
L'crted States bonds were unchanged on calL
New York Stock List.
t:. i". Hutt.cn. A Co.. 490 California street,
.-_ri Francisco, members of the New York
rri-ack Kxchanse. furnish the following of facial
<iuotaticns -of that Ki.cbanfe-e :
balc&i STOCKS. (HighiLrtw.! Bid.j Ask.
..jAdanis express.! j. 1235 (250
-AiMs Chalmers. .| 1&»! 18i4| lS^ii l»«i
1 i>o pid 1 i i 41^1 *zy*
• l*,OyC»i Amiig Copper .; t>4*»| b3}i| »3r*i b3'vfc
\u25a0W iAm Beet bu|^r..| I (Zi j 25&
.F"..., r>o p:<i law &s
.f......Am C*n Co | i llVil 11%
j Do pM ...:... 1 6tt I 69
I.2yojAm Car & Fy Co: 37*i| 37^1 37%j 37%
ltw, Uo p:d »»*ii J«r*i W>s»l
fcOu.Am cottoa 0U..1 SO 2a^»i 8O&1 &>^t
( Do p£d 1 H2 195
(Ara Ijist Tel 23 31
,Aa Exprets 6 «V 4
IOO.Am Or Twin* Co 6 6 5% 61*
3oO:Am Hide & L.. 7% 7% ] 7H ?$»
60O ( Do pid S»%» S»^» 39^8 3»% :
iAm Linseed j 17 j 30
..j Dopfd 140 Hi
3,200; Am Locomotive. 4»%| 4S^j 4S%| 4\>\b
700, Do pfd |112 Jll2 jlll^!lll?i
iAm ilalt j I I *%{ 6
Do pld I I I 24*| 25
tS.OOOiAm fcm &R1 C0,12&v4i126%i12:»,.127%
l.UtX>, Do pfd 1123 ;122hi122%|123
,5.000 Am Eucar jI43U 142^|142fe|14a%
Z i Do pid 139 J139&
100' Am fctee! Fdrle* 10 10 9%1 10
Sooi Do pfd 41>4 40 3»%1 40
jAm Tei &T Co 137 140
300; Am Tob pfd 87*4 j 97 j »7%| 57%
l.feOOiAm Woolen ... 87%| 86>4j 37*»| 37^
fcOO, Do pfd 1 103% ; 103^1 102%; 103 H"
3UBOO Acaconda :115% 115V4i114. 115%
'Ana Arbor .....I |S5 40
..*.... Do pfd I 178 I »
1.300 Atlantio Coast L 164 14 183^,163Hi1««%
6.900iA T & 6 F 87^4j »6»i! KHij 87%
100 I>t> PM .1024:lU2Va)102Mi|10S
IO.COO Bait & Ohio |115H 114H|114% 114%
.......i Do pM 1 188 »»%
.„ |Eay State Gas 8-16 hi J
17.9008 R T... 70% C 3% €9% 70
* ! Urock Cn Gai 187 1»4
-Bnns D 4 1 j 15% 16
JBiltterick CO ..." 56V* 57
100-iCanada Southern] 70 j7O • 70 71
4.100 Canadian Paclflc'lsC% 155% 155% 15«
2.500 C & 0.... i 55^ 65 54% 55
2200iC fc A I 23% 87 38 38%
200 Do ?rd &1«4 8iy t 79 81%
fc & E I pM.... j 135 !140
.C I& L, pfd 1 !..... 80 P0
"'2,200' C & G W 20^! 20% 20% 20%
... Do pfd A..-^.J ' 64 66
Do pra 8..'... 32 32%
200 i Do debs j B*HI 84% 85 fit)
<.Wu 4 C iN \V 1218% 215 ;21S 1218%
. V»7C«,-C-M t Bt P....i151% lSo.%ilSo%!lBoii
Sr ukm ix> pf<J jiscvi'.iseiiiis'j |is 7
V>..->OO,C B I& P (now)| 32%! 31% l 31% 31%
r.OOJ I>Tr,f-i ! 77%! 7C-%I 77 ! 77%
'C R I & P 45..| S2T4 83
....... iChivagoTcr IS 18
IOOf Pt> pM 33% 39% 39% 40%
...... \u25a0\u25a0 'Chicago Ca Traci...' » J>%
10'ri Do ;,fd i 37 37 37% 33
SOt'iC Ct;£i St L,..' 99% fl3 fl» 39% I
Do ?f 3 * 118 120 I
ClfV« Lor i W 70 00
v I" Do i>M 105 112%
2,100!Co«o Furl & Iron 4G% 4tf 4G 46%
** "rioofcoturn "h c'&'iV. i 4% 'i3«i is'% v
l.SOOrCoifrado So .... 29% 28% 25^ ZS%
i Do Ist p'd ....m Cl% <52%
:.40r. Vo -I'Xitt \u25a0'..'.. ift^i 40V41 ii I 40V.
lOO'Consc! Gas ....1192% 102%jlJ»l'.i}102>^ !
lC6ni Products \u25a0..*..-. '9%| 9% i
...] Do pfd +5 |40 :
•ft&OO'Del & Hudson ..!197T51105% !O7 1137% '
...'....DXIV.' 420 143S
2TMD & H G 31** 31% 31 .*>2
7(Ki] Do pfd'... SO%! M"-Z Srt% SH%
VW'Petroit Lt. Ry . 03%|,a2'4 92%
-Tjctrolt S'> 10 12 ,
..:i>Umona Match L 141% 112
100!DJKtil Spcur ... 12% i 42%1 42 |42%
.1 Do bonds J: R0 flO
iWiDuluth fStA. I^%l IC% IC I ie,V.
11100 Po r-fd ~*H -T3 S2a; 8S |
.'fcOOOlnrie <7% 4fi% 47J4 471/
WC" l>o IFt pfd ... -MSfc! 84 !«* • 84*4
C.JOO Oo Cd rfd li%[-7t% 74'/, 74%
iCOTiE i T H 72%< C 5 70 V.
...:A Dopfd .;.-.;.: J.RS 35
....-Ft W'&D C ... ....j 71 174
f G' n <^J-.Taical ...I (.....j li 2 63
.. ' r.o yld !.....! i 203. !l<»
>on'G«n lllectric' H7B U7S 1178%1 178% 180
No pf« .....:291%!2.5S !259 {200
".t %.jGrecn- Gold .—1.....). — I.....) 4 1 4\i, \
\u25a0 * £Q?!Or«»De -Con« Cop! 24*fc{ £4% 2i% 24"J4 I
, 4V>'Hc.tklns \*all*y . 93Vii 0.1 5i3%| Ui . j
',;....< txy pfA \u25a0\u25a0:.\u25a0: .....|9.T f>i%
3oo)liim'l'. Central. ,171% 171%h7l h7iv t
.......jlnterboro .....j I |218%|21»U I
CHICAGO, Aug. 4.— Decreasing receipts in
the Southwest imparted a firm - tone -to th«
wheat -market here to-day. Fresh reports of
damage in the Northwest added to t the
strength! At the close ' wheat for Septem
ber delivery was up %c > Corn, was downe
Hiffliijc. • Oats show a loss ot %.c; - provi-_
el'oas are up 7«i to' 22 Vic Strength !n the
wheat market developed- early In the session.
Al the Opening sentiment was a. trifle bearish.
Initial quotations on September- being; off < a
shade to H©%o at 84% c to 84Va0., Liberal
shipments from Argentina accounted partially
for the easier undertone at the opening. Clear
weather In the Northwest was_ another in
fluence. The Weather Bureau, however, pre
dicted rain to-night and to-morrow for Minne
sota and the Dakotas. The announcement
checked selling by pit traders. After touching
I $4mgS4%e,- September advanced gradually to
85& CV An influential factor favorable, to the
bulls was a decrease in ' receipts of wheat In
the Southwest.. At Kawwi City :and -St.
Louis total receipts were 287.000 bushels com
pared with C 20.200 bushels a year ago. __ A
report by a St. Louis trade paper regarding
.condition of: fall-sown wheat^ attracted i con
siderable attention and i constituted a bullish
influence. The report claimed that rains had
interfered with threshing of winter wheat in
Kansas. Missouri »nd Illinois, -to: regard to
conditions in Texas the report stated that^the
crop was "in poor condition, a considerable
portion- telhg unfit for milling. .P/» vate . ad
vices from the Northwest aff cr t ted f> , t A at nf b^ k
rust was spreading in thewheat fields of that,
section, notwithstanding official- reports to the
contrary. Throughout the greater^part of .the
fces slon commission houses were to r^buj, ers
The market closed firm with September at
85 Helfy 4 llquidation' by c prominent long
caused weakness in the corn -market. Total
sales Uy this trader were said to ba _in - the
neighborhood of 1.C00.C00 bushels. - Smaller
ho Ulers , influenced by this selling, took
freely Weather favorable for the new crop
was an influential bearish factor. .. Larg*:
shipments from Argentina conti^buted_ to Jhe
weakness. The market closed - weak .with
prices practically at the lowest \u25a0'point^of. tHe
session. ! September, opened Me .to %c lower
at st>4c to 64% c, sold off to b,i%c and closed
It wneraW The local receipts were 162 cars
•with ai\of contMct erade. -, \u0084 -. ,_
Offerings by cash houses who sold on the
itrenßth o" heavy receipts and . better quality
shown in arrivals from the . new crop aided
by liquidation by longs, caused weakness in
the oats market. The break in corn gave
added impetus to the downward £on«e; of
prices. The market closed. at the lowest^ point
of the day. . September opened to low
er at 27->ic to 2So, sold off to 27i»c and closed
Provisions made a " sharp ' advance late In
the session on active demand -from Hading
packers. An advance of 5 td lft cents In the
price -of live hpgs aided the »»• '*'\u25a0»•,\u25a0?•
close September pork was up 22%8 at 513 IjJVj:
lkrd was up'l2^@l3c at 5" 62^, and ribs were
7%c higher at- $8 17%. ' . . ' \u25a0„ •"'
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — ;; Open. ; High. .Low. Close.
Sep\em a ber N °.'...~ 84 Vi : 85^ ' S4*vi 85^
DeWmbsr ..-..- 86 'S6TJ 85»i 86%
\u25a0May™.... SB% 89% 88% 89%
Corn No. 2— l t-,', ' •\u25a0*«' .'. '
September (old) 55^ 55> ? 5.-.T» 54
Septembr (new) 54% 64^'-^53% 53%;
Decsmber (old). 48% 4SVi :.48 \u25a0 48%
December (new) . 46% 46% 45% 4t>
May 8 ' 9 46. .46 45%
si-Dtember 28 28 27^ 27^
S??..::M-iJ:.tsB..i» lit
Uird. r«r ICO lbs— '_._.,._- A - i 9r/
September. .... .7 4214 ? 52',i: 7 403 , 62%
October • 7 52»i ,7 60 7.47^ 7 W
Short ribs, per ICO lbs— . 0,-1/
September ..... 8 10- 8 IJH v| 05 BUg
October •8 20 \u25a0 8 27% 8 12« 82. Vi .
Cash Grain and Provision*. _.
CHICAGO, Aug. 4. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat.
$1 tis@l 10- No. 3 spring wheat. 9oc@sl 05; No.
2 red spring wheat, 86',-ic; No. 2 corn, 55Vi«J
55ai c -. xo 2. yellow corn, 56c; No. 2 oats, •
27 Vic' No. 2 white oats, 29c; N0. .3 white oats.
28®88%c; No. 2 ijye,: 59@e0c; good . feeding
barley 36S3Sc; fair to choice malting barley,
410445; No. 1 flaxseed. ?126; N<m.l North
western SI 33; prims . timothy seed, $3 25:
meas pork, per barrel. $13 60@13 65; lard, per
100 pounds. $7 45®7 47%; short ribs sides
(1005e),.. $8 05@8 15; short; clear \u25a0 sides (boxed).
$8 5U@B 67% ; whisky, basis of high wines.
$127- clover, contract grade, $12 50@12 i 5.
Articles ' '--,: Receipta.Khlpm'ta.
Flour barrels ............. 22,700 *178,600
Wheat bushels ..;..:. .15U.000 425,500
Corn bushels .900.700 I*B,ooo
Oats." bufhels . ............ . o IUOO \u25a0 403,200
Bariey^bushels ' '.'.'.'.'.'. "iiiliolooo' ibi>?o66
Butter, Cheese; and Eggs. /,
CHICAGO. Aug. 14.1 4.— On the Produce Ex-,
change to-day, the butter : market w«s flrnrT
Creameries. 17522 c; dairies, 16@18q; Qgga,
easier at mark. -cases included, 15%b;jflrsts,
17'^c; prime, 18% c; extras, 21c;, cheeseT firm,
10?i<8>ll%0. \u25a0\u25a0; . . • <r .
Future Grain and Provision*.
CHICACJO BOARD OF TRADE.
EASTEKX MARKETS.
thus far. The othsr descriptions arc urtchansed.
; DRESS ED MEATS.
\u25a0Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers !
are as follows: .
BEEF— i%©yfcc for Steers and 3ti@4«c per
lb for Cows. # • • .
VElAL— Large. 6.37 c; small. SoOVic"pcr lb.
* MUTTON— Wethers. CH&IVjC: Ewes iiQ9^a
per lb.- t \u25a0
LAMB— S3 9c per lb.
! PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6J4@9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The followit.s -iuptatlons are for good sound
Livestock, delivered !a San Francisco, less 40-J
45 per ceat shrinkage for Cattle: -~ •
CATTLE— Steers. s^i&6c; Cows and Helf-"
er3. 4®4VJc. /
' CALVEii— 3Vj<K4c rer-JB: (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. -^©U%c; Ewes. 34f3^c
per ib Igross. w«!jrht>.
L-\MBS— SI 75<gU per head.. "< . .
HOGS— Live Hog*. 130 to 200 tbs. IKQ4::
over 2DO lbs. s%@j* 4 c; Feeders nominal: Sows.
20 per cent, off; Boars. 50,per.c«nt off, and
Stags. 40 per cent oft from above quotation*.
General . Merchandise 1 . '
BAGS— Grain Bags are stilt higher at 7Vi®
7',4c; Wool .Bags, 27 531 c: FKec© Twine, i^c:
\u25a0Fruit Bags, 6Vj@7c. \u25a0
COAL— Wellington.- 5- v * > per ton; New Wel
lington ss; Seattle; 58 50: Bryant. 5 1 * 50;
Beaver Hill. 55 50: Roslyn. *7; Coos Bar. *5 50;
Richmond. ?>: Cumberland.- 513 in bulk and
514 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14:. Welsh.A nthracite Egg 513.; Welsh-Lump. \u25a0
511 50; Caanel. 59 per ton; Coke. 511 se<@l3 per
ton In bulk and 515 In *acks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions, .?> Z0 per short ton.
OILS — «-\u25a0 u stations are for barrels; for cajea
add- sc : Linseed.. &ic per gallon- for boiled and
62c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers* AA. cases. $1 14*11 1«: Lucol. C«C for
boiled and 54c for raw; China Nut. cas«9. 63 i?
SOc per gallon: Coccanut Oil.- In barrels. 5Sa.
for Ceylon and 55c for Australian: extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c: natural winter
Sperm Oil 63c- extra bleached winter Whala
! Ol!. 65c: natural Whale Oi>. 60c; extra winter
strained. Lard Oil. 73c: No. 1 -Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c: No. 1 Neatsroot Oil,
57^ic; Herring Oil 43c : Salmcn OIL 34c: -boiled
Fish Oil. 35c; raw Fish Otl. 35c; Paint OU. 33c.
1 COAL OIL. GASOLINK. ETC.— Water White
Coal Oil. In 'bulk, lie: Peart Oil la cases.
ITHc: Astral. 17i4c; Star, lT^c: Extra Star.
•JU >/»»••: tlaine. 2t!c: Eocene, l^^c: Stove Uaso
line. In bulk. 14^c: <n cases. 2tc: Motor Gaso
line. In bulk. 14>^c: In cases. 21c: No.. 1 En
gine Distillate, iron barrels or drums. 8c; No.
2 do. 6'tiC; cases-. 6%c more; Benzine. In bulk.
12Uc; cases. 19c : 86- degree- GasoiUi* la bulk.
25e; In cases 31c.
. TURPENTINE— B3c per gallon ta ca*e» and
77c In drums and Iron barrels. - ;
•^ RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Ltad. IVt9
8c per lb; .White Lead. ~fe@Sc. according to
quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed s.Zi>c;
Powdered. 5.05 c; Candy Granulated. 5.05 c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 4.95 c: Dry Granulated, coarse,
4.95 c: Fruit Granulated 4.95 c: Beet Granu
lated dCO-lb bags only). 4.85 c: Confectioners*
A. 4.95 c: Magnolia A 4.53 c: Extra C. 4.43 c:
Golden C. 4.35 c; "D." 4.25 c; barrels, luc more;
half barrels, 25c more: boxes 50c more; .pO-It>. p 0-It>
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels, 5.45 c; boxes. 5.70 c: H. « E. Crystal
Dominos. 7.95 c per lb. No order takes .for less
than seventy-five barrels . or its equivalent.
• ' ' .' Receipts of Produce.
• FOR FRIDAY. AUGUST 4.
Flour, qr sks... B,l4o! Screenings, sks... 225
Wheat, ctls I.Bo4! Hay. tons 1.187
Barley ctls 14,342! Wool, bales 82
Oats. Ctls .....". I.663' Hides No 1.22S
Rye ctls 457 Pelts, bdls , 1.472
Tallow, ctls .... 510| Leather, rolls ... 44
Sugar, ctls 2,CrO'Ume. bbla I*2
Beans ska ..... I.C2o' Quicksilver, flaks. 3©t
Potatoes, sks ... 6, s37 [Chicory, bbla ... 50
Onions, sks ...;. 2..:6 l! Brandy, gals 2.9C0
Bran, aks ...... 1.4-*or^Vlne. gals 32.7C0
Middlings sks .. SISI
OREGON. .
Wool, bales 162
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr sks.. . •C.6601
3>sc: centrifugal 9C test. 4 3-32@4'4c; mo
lascfs &ugar. ; 3 3-i6(?3Ho- - Refined, -firm. - _ :
BUTTER— Western common .to ex
tra 15@17c- Western imitation - creamery, ex
tra! 19 V>c: do firsts. IS@lS^c. -\:J-
CHEESE — Quiet and unchanscd.
- EGGS— Quiet and unchancccl.- _.-• \u25a0.-. ' \u25a0\u25a0• . ;•
'DRIED FRUITS. : : .CA '
EVAPORATED APPLES^-T.he ; market . con-,
tinued -. firm for both futures and spot supplles.-
Common \u25a0to good are ;' quoted - at- \Yt<O/o-nc;
prime. WiQiWic: fancy. 7»£c. \., .
PRUNES— Ths market for future shipment
appears somewhat unsettled, owing to the fail
ure of .buyers to follow the recent advances
and a disposition In some quarters to shade
prices in order to promote trade. The spot sit
uation ' is unchanged, with quotations ranging
from 4 \4<g B l4c. according to grade. '\u25a0%%
APRICOTS— The market seems in a strong
position but without sufficient business to help
prices. ' Choice are quoted "at, B@BUc: extra
choice,- Bi/6@B%c; ; fancy.. 9%@loe.- ; _ .•
PEACHES— Are- dull and unchanged. .Choice
are quoted at 10@10Hc; extra choice. 10^@
10% c; fancy, lie. \u25a0;.. - " -~- \u25a0 ;
1 RAISINS — The combination >. among raisin
growers on the coast, or the agitation In that
direction is strengthening the views .'of hold
ers, and oricps show a- \u25a0hardening tendency.
I»ose Muscatels are Quoted aV4%@o^ a c; Eeed
ed raisins. SVifTc and London layers. 51@
1 15. . - - ' ;.. ;'
Tit-yv York Metal Market.
' NEW YORK.* Aug. 4.— A : further reaction
v/aa roported in the London tin market, with
spot closing at £149 15s and futures at. £US
10s. I Locally the market was and- easy
with spot quoted at $32 62 H ©32 07%. ' - f ,
Copper also was lower abroad, closing at
COS lls 3d for spot, and SCS^sJor futures
in tho London market: Locally the situation
showed no change with the market quiet at
515 37U&16 50 for. lake and electrolytic, and
SflSggS 54 6^ 70 1^ the
local market, but declined to £13 l&s 9d in
Speltor was. unchanged In both marktjU,
closing at £24 in London and -at 55 70 lo-
Ca "ron closed at 49s 4d in. Glasgow,, and at
46s lV,a In Mlddlesboro. Locally- Iron was
unchanged. No. 1 foundry northern: U quoted
at $16 •-\u25a03@17; No. 2 foundry northern $15 .5®
16 50; No. 1 foundry, southern. 515 75@16 .6.
and No. 2 foundry southern, »oft. $15 50®
16 25. \u25a0-. \u25a0---\u25a0\u25a0-.•- \u25a0'
. - - . . - -. . - v
\u2666 AVtf y..rrk Stocks ::o! -.noicnally changed. Cotton loiccr again.
Ctlniimjen gGod; business in local Bonds, but Stocks quiet.
Stkrr and Exchange rates not disturbed.
li'heaf and Barley Futures Icncer. Corn easier. Oats unchanged.
Railroad tracks blocked zlvII; unloaded Hay cars. '
. • JJma Beans zvcakemnz. Other Beans firm. Grain Bags Higher.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables still very plentiful.
Poultry market still weak aiid abundantly supplied.
DectdudUs Fruits zveak, with canners out of the market.
Limes higher.
Butter and Eggs sornczvhat unsettled. Cheese still plentiful.
All Dried Fruits very buoyant and gradually rising.
w Provisions unchanged. Hogs in larger receipt and weaker.
Hides higher and very active in all markets.
' Amer Pr.eu /Tube. 0 I Mont Coal &.Coke 2%
I Amer Susaf ....142^'Old Dominion '...' 28;,
| Dopfd... 130 lOsceola ..ICO
] Am<- r Tei & Tel. 13$ •£ I Parrot :.. 25^i
I Amcr Woolen ... 37 Quincy ....\u25a0..'. .". --IC2
j Do pM 103 Shannon '%
I Dom Iron & 5... 22% Tamarack 123
|F<l Elect -Ilium..-— \u25a0-. Trinity ...... ....." 8»4
Gen Eltctric 178 United Copper ...-37V*
lla-:s' Electric.... 17^5 U S Oil :. Wi
Do pfd ...- 01 I Utah ..............45*i
Mas 3 Gas 46,4 Victoria" ••• 4
T'nitrd Fruit lur!V> ! Winona ...; 12
Un Shoe Mach.-... 75% Wolverine .119
. Do pfd S2*il
. London t..'lc»s!ns Stocks.
Cons money 90 3-16| N-.Y Central. . ...151 %\u25a0
Do for a"cct. :90 5-16! Nor & Western... SSVi
Anaconda sli Do pfd . . . . 1 ... 4)0
Atchlson 59% Ont & Western. .:. 54%
\u25a0 Do pfd 105% Pennsylvania,...'..- 73 Vj
j Palt & Ohio ..lIS Ranrt Mines 9%
Can Pacific IOOUt Reading '.. 54%
1 Ches & Ohio 50>i Do Ist pfd....... 4S.'/i
I Chl Great West.. 26* i Do 2d pfd I 47^
Chi. Mil & St P.lBo%'So Railway ...... 3BTi
jVc Beers 17% Do pfd 101 M
Den & Rio G 32 i|j So Pacific ....... 66%
D o pfd 894 Union Pacific 134 Vi
Erie 4SI/., Dopfd 99%
Do let pfd...".. 87 JU S Steel ..... -30%
Do 2d pfd 7li*4 Do pfd ..'. 10"
111 Central 175% Wabash 10%
Louis '& Nash 152 Do pfd ........ 4H4
M, X & Texas... 29^4 Spanish 4s 92
Bar silver — Quief 27' id per ounce.
Money — l'/ii&lVs percent. • .
The rate at discount in the open -.market
for short bills Is 1 3-16 per cent and for three
months" bills is 1 3-18 per cent. •
Bank Clearings. -
NEW YORK, Aug. 4. — The following table,
I compiled by Bradstroet, chaws the bank clear
i ings at the principal cities for the week ended
I AMgufit 3, with the percentage of Increase and
j decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
! Per Ct.
I City — Amount. Inc. . Dec.
j 'New York 51.609,091,327 "61.6 .....
I 'Chicago 183.122,243 19.5 ....
(•Boston 141.714,370 21.4
! •Philadelphia 133,794.0(58 -41.1 ....
•St. Louis 41,5)27.773 5.2
•Piitsburg 60,206,389 33.5 ....
•San Francisco .. 30,235,tW0 23.2 ' ....
Cincinnati 22,793,300 5.3 ....
•Baltimore 23,774,541) 23.4 ....
•Kansas City .... 22,089,513 6.7 ....
•New Orleans ... 19,950,483' 05.5 ; ....
•Minneapolis 14,143,143 13.2 ....
•Cleveland 13,787,275 1.4 '
•Louisville ....... 11.824,647 6.6 ' ....
Detroit :..., 12,604,957 18.9 ....
•Milwaukee 7,830,114 4..S ....
Omaha 8,995.724 39.7 ' ....
•Providence 6,2«5,5C0 11.7 ....
j 'Los Angeles .... 9,144,112 52.6 ....
I 'Buffalo 7.t>48.ti83 23.1
Indianapolis 6,10t>,011 .... 7.6
I t? 1 - P f, ul 6.619.11S .... 6.2
j Memphis 3.225,789 48:5
•St Joseph 4.1<57,i)30. 23.1 - ....
t Richmond 4,§50,u82 18 1 ....
j Denver 5.857,012 39.8 ....
Columbua 4,700,200 15.3 ....
Seattle 7.244,493 75.8 ....
Washington 4,881,641 25.0 ....
•Savannah 3,852,349 30.4 ....
Albany 4-.42j>,954 32.9 ....
•Portland, Ore. ... 3,»2«,384 26 2
Fort Worth ...... 4,215,19« ....
•Toledo, Ohio .... 4,315,858 35.2
Atlanta .2.7.58,597 19.5 .....
fcalt Lake City .. 4.597,770 70.0
Rochester 2.394,655 .... #23.2
Peoria 2.713,300 23.2 ....
Hartford 3.164.353 .... 2.7
Nashville 2,436,095 18 4
•Spokane. Wash .. 2,670,317 29 8
Dcs Moines 2.137,300 4 1
Tacoma 2.940,030 82.7 ..4.
New Haven 2,224,549 19.6 ..?.
Grand Rapids .. 2,411,240 36.8
Norfolk 1, 854,339 30.1 ' ....
Dayton 1.647.774 23.7
Portland, Me 1,581,130 2.8
Springfield. Mass. 1,501,178
j Augusta, Ga 1.383,631. 61.1 ....
Lvansville 1,307,804 1«.6 ....
Sioux City ...;.. 1.4C5.226 48.7
•Birmingham 1,415,240 43.5 ....
Syracuse 1,472.163 -32.6
Worcester 1,353,835 17.3
Kncxville ... 1.216,401 , 10.1 ....
\u25a0 Charleston, S. C. 761,790 • 3.0 ....
Wilmington, Del. 1,306,980 12.8 ....
Wichita .. 1, 073,266 6.8 ...'.
! Wilkesbarrg 1,021.536 16:8 .....
j Davenport 809,919' .... 0.4
Littl* Rock ..... 723,134' 17.1 ....
i Topeka .495.703 • 52.2
1 Chattanooga .... • 795,272 . . : . . 10 V
J Jacksonville. Fla. 1,100.619 69.4 ...'.
: Kalamazoo, Mich. " 752,328 • 10 9
j Springfield, 111 ... 872,620 3.9 ....
Kali Kiver ...... . 772.144 29.1
Wheeling, W. Va. 772,075 23.9
Macon 389,394 22.8:
Helena 1 C 70.743 20.3
j I^exlngton 515,325 ..... 284
Akron .... 403,400 2; 48
\u25a0 Canton. .Ohio .... 403,000 ... 22 0
I Fargo. N. D. . . . . ' 504,876
! Youngstown &::5,CC5- 23. S ....
1 New Bedford 454.U39 15.5
Rockford, 111 419,085 29. U ....
Lowell .-. • 427,375 15.1
Chester, Pa 415,281 ' 6.1
Binghamton ..'...- ' (!96,4iH) 50.4
j Bloomington, 111.. 409,711 10 8
I Springfield, Ohio. ;i56,400 14.6
] Greensburg. Pa. . . 499,492
Quincy. 11l .283,588 6.U
1 l>ecatur. 111, 303,103 .... tj 4
j Stoux Falls, S. D. 204.210 17.0
I Jacksonville. 111.. 234,728 6 7
j Mansfield, 0hi0... 311,144- 70.8'
Fremont, Ncbr 262,100 26.5 ....
Cedar Rapids 189,600 19.1 ..
•{\u25a0Houston 10.42(5,652 13.2
fGalv^ston ...... 10,726,000 54.2 ....
Total* U. 5..... 52,520.375,514 .'TT7T
'Outside N. V.. 5910.354.15" 21.8 ....
CANADA.
Montreal $27,537,902 43.5 ....
Toronto 18, 520, 503, 27.1 ....
Winnipeg > 7.847,951 30.5
Ottawa 2.674,438 31.0
Halifax .. 1,967,152 18.1 ....
Vancouver. B. C. 1,669,761 ... .- 3.1
Quebec .. .-. l,718,:;60 6.1 ...
Hamilton 1,280,026 22.7 ....
ISt. John, N. 8. .. , 1,076.602 9.5 ....
I London, Ont.. ... 1.0C5.282 48.4 - .;..
Victoria, 8.-C... 581,130 16.6
. Total, Canada.. $65.185.007 19/9 ....
t Not included in totals because ./containing
other items than clearings. • Balances paid
In cash. \u25a0
SUMMARY OF TTiE MARKETS.
*\u25a0' Several changes In prices of Fruits and
Vegetables will be noticed this i week. . Some
varieties are? becoming scarce and high as tns
season advances but. mostvklnds are still In
sood supply at normal . prices. There, hava
i been no important changes in other lines since
last week. -.; -;. .- r .-.-•; : '\u25a0 \u25a0 .
. COAL.: PER TON— .
Wellington ..s— @lo 001 New
Seattle .....s— @ S 50 ! Wellington .s— @lo CO
lioslyn ......5 — @ 9 COiVt'elllngton
Richmond ..s— @lo tor Nut ........s—© BCO
Coos Bay . .$ — @ 7 50!
DAIRY PRODUCE. . ETC.—
Butter. : cholce.sq.— @4s! Eggs, per doz—
-. Do, i good •;,-'. . . .— @4oi Ranch ........ .30©35
Cheese/ Cal . . . .IS&2OJ Do. Eastern . .. — @25
Cheese, Eas^ern.2o®2s Kcney, comb, lb.— 'e 15
| Cheese. Swiss . ..25@35|' Do extracted ... S®lo
. POULTRY AND GAME— .. . / - .
Hens, large, . \u25a0" (Turkeys, per 1b..27@30
each ........':. 65i§>90l Ducks, each... . ..(M@7s
'Do email .' 50@05] Geese, each ..s^62 25
Young - i Goslings V ; . . — @ —
each '.'. ...... . .63(585 Pigeons, pair — <S^o
Old Roosters ea.so@t3| Squabs. . per pair.4oij*sC>
Fryers, each . . : .50@65| Rabbits, each. . . .— @2s
Broilers, . each. . .25@*0l Hare, ; each . . . . — @^5
MEATS. PER POUNDS-,-
Roast Beef— \u25a0\u25a0- ] | Mutton" Chops — @15
Choice ' cuts '.S.ls@2o Pork Chops. —©15
Do plain ...10®U'H Veal Cutttts ....154£18
Roast Veal .. .12H<315 Corned Beef 6@ 8
Roast Pork ....15*8:18 Beef Stew ...... 6@> a
Foreqtr Lamb. — @l2\i Mutton Stew.....—® 5
Hindqtr Lamb...— (?ls Veal Stew 10<&12 I / 4
Foreqtr. Mutton.. S@lo Soup Meat — @ 5
Leg Mutton .... — -@10 Soup Bones . 4® —
Tndrloin Steak.l2%@ls Hams ....... :...15®16
Porterhse . Steak.lB@20 J Bacon ...:...: ...15@20
Sirloin : Steak. .12%@15 Pork | Sausage. .12%^15
Round Steak... lo®l2^ Chipped Beef ..20^ii —
Lamh Chops ....15@20' Lard ..\u25a0 \u25a0• .....12Vj@ —
•FRUITS AND NUTS— •
Alltgtr Pears, ea.3s*isoj Loganberries,
Almonds -..15020 drawer — @50
Apples'...' . .; 4<3> ti Nutmg Melons.ea. — @ 5
Ar-'^ots - lb— !.\u25a0\u25a0-"? Oranges, dozen — :
Ch0ice^. ....... B@lo -Fancy .40@75
Do, common. ..—s£ 0 Common 20<gi"5
' Blackbrrles, drw.2C@2s Peaches, lb ...... 3@ 6
Cantaloupes, ea. .' s@lo Plums, lb ...v.... 3<g> 6
Pecans ........ . . — @20' Pineapples each..2s@so
Brazil Nuts ::.:20'it — ! Pears. !b ...V.... 3@ tt
Bananas, doz .-.25@."55! Quinces, lb — @5
Cocoanuts. each.. s@loi ßaisins, lb .......10015
Flks. dried, lb. . (iiflO Kaspbrries, drwr.3s^oo
Do. fresh, 1b..20#25 Strawbrries, dwr.3o(Sso
Grape Fruit, dz. soo^-51 Tangerines doz.. — @a 5
Hiv .-«. lb ...... 8010 Walnuts, per lb.ls@l'O
Lemons doz 20@.t0 Watermelons, ea,.20Jz35
Limes, doz ... . . .IC@l5
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes, d0z.. 40©75 Leeks. dc>z bunch. — @15
Beets, dozen ... .10®— Mushrooms, lb... — 1*75
Beans, white. : lb. s^— Onions, per 1b..1%@ 2
Colored, per lb. 6Sf B;Okra. lb — \u25a0s'lS
Dried Lima. lb. — Si 81 Potatoes, per 1b.1%@ 2
Green Lima. lb. — ®10|Parsnlps per dz.15@20
Cabbage,, each... s@lo| nrtishes. dz bch.ls@2o
Celery, head ,'... s@lo Sage, da bnches.2s#—
Cress dz bunch-lStj— String Beans, lb. — @10
Cucumbers, • doz..' — #10 Summer Squash.
Garlic ..:.......; 6@ S • per lb .........—^3
! Green P^rniers.lb. 5@ 8 Sprouts, per lb. . — @ —
Green- Corn, d0z.35<@50 Spinach", per lb.. — @5
Dried Pepoers. ..10@20 Sweet Potatoes. lb. BC*IQ
Egg Plant, 1b. . . 6@ 8 Thyme, dz bnchs. — @2l
Green Peas, lb...— @ 6; Turnips per doz.— ®ls
Lettuce, per doz. 15^20' Tomatoes, lb — @ 3
FISH, PER POUND—
Barracouta .....-^-®l5 Rockeod .......:. — @15
Black Bass ... .. — @25 Sea Bass — @12U
Carp ..........— ®l2H Smelts ..........— @ls
Catfish . . .. 12V4@15 Soles .— ®W
Codfish ... —@12Vj! Skates each 10@—
: Flounders ....— ©l2H Squid-....; — <gl2i4
Halibut ..!..... 15®— Tomcod 10@12Vi
Herring — ® — Turbot 25@ —
Mackerel ........15@— Trout — @75
Do horse 12%©— WhlteHsh .... 10@—
Rockflsh .....-...--<®ls; Clams, gallon... .60®—
Salmon, fresh ..— <gls! Do hardshell, lb B@lo
Do smoked . . . . — ft 251 Crawfish per lb. — &—& —
Salmon Trout.... — @40| Crabs, each ..12%@25
Sardines ....... .—^ — Mussels, lb ....12^015
|h«d .— @l2*V Oysters, Cal. 100.40@50
Striped Bass...-.-T@is| Do Eastern. dz.30@40
Perch ....;......— @io •
Family Retail Market.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. AUGUST 5, .1905.
Cwutimued ob raje 11,
V f Foreign ; Future*.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— .-. Sept. /' Dec. March.
Opening .....; 68^ / tt 7% Nominal
Closing- ......:.-. . •. t$ 8% - .07 \i \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ; Norn! na 1
:;;, 1,-v: .• \u25a0\u25a0 '• \u25a0 . v paris.; .• " \u25a0.. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0i:\-:
-Wheat — ."- ,Aius. Nov.-Feb:
Opening . • ••'... .... ........'• .". 23 30 •23 05
Cloßlne- ..;..;.........-\u25a0.•••• 23 30 22 95
'•Flour—:.-'" 1 \u25a0\u25a0: '.",'\u25a0' \u25a0-•--..\u25a0»--\u25a0\u25a0 -..i.,--;
6penlng; ....... ..:......... ..'SO 35 i. :30 65
Closing \u25a0-\u25a0 v: :. .:':7rr:-??~Tr.?ir> 3o^ls g& - 30 so
'.';\u25a0". Z . St. l^ouii» ; Wool \u25a0 Market. J
ST. LOUIS, : Augr. *.--Wool steadyr Medium
MIJSCELLANEOTJS . MARKETS.
Sterling Exchange sixty days.. — <g4 85%
Sterling Exchange, eight .. — @4 87 .
Sterling Exchange, cables ...... — .©4 88
New York Exchange, sight — @ 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — ©07%
silver, per ounce , 59%@ —
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 @ 47%
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris v . ............ ..5.16H
New York on .Mexico .202
Paris on London 25.15
Berlin on .London 20.47
' Wheat, and Other Grains!
WHEAT — The ! foreign markets ruled firm.
Chicago was .%c higher. This market for
futures did not follow Chicago and was lower,
with the longs selling. New Wheat was weak
er, with offerings of Northern Bluestem for
August delivery as low as $1 62%. The mar
ket for California' Wheat is mixed, spot oL3
White Australian being firm at $1 67%, while
the new Wheat is . largely , poor and receives
no attention from buyers.
. CASH WHEAT. . fi V
California . Club, -- $1 43@1 55 :' California
vWhtte Australian, $1 60@l 65; Northern
Club, $1 50@l 55; Northern Bluestem. $1 62%
@1 67% spot and $1 52%<g.l 57%. future de
livery; Northern Red. $1.-50@l 61 14 per ctl;
lower grades of Wheat. $1 :su£fl -tv per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 -.30 a. m.
-\u0084-\u25a0 Open. High. Low. Close
December ...$1 43 $1 43 $1 42 $1 42Vi.
2 p. m. Session.
-Open. High. ' Low. Close
December ...51 42% $1 42% $1 42% $1 42%
. BARLEY — Futures declined about lc.* partly
in sympathy with Wheat" and. partly owing
to the heavy receipts 0f>17,699 ctls. The. cash
grain remained aboutas before.
\u25a0• J CASH BARLEY. '
Feed, 95@97%c 'for common and 9S%c®
$1 03% tovgoaa to choice; new Brewing, $1 05
@1 lot/Chevalier, *I .l C©l 25 per ctl. v
_ ,J^ FUTURES.
. Jii^ . . \u25a0' Session I) to 11:30 a. m.
IT.'--- Open. ' High.; Low. Close
December .... 98% 93% 97% 97%
2 p. m. Session.
December— 97% c bid, 97% c asked. :
' OATS-rThe Situation remains the same aa
for some time, \u25a0 the fine grades being steady to
firm and the lower grades weak. J The demand
and supply about balance. \u25a0 ,
Red. $1 3u®l 35 for choice. $122%@127i;.
for fair to good and $1 12%@1 20 for common.
CORN — Quotations show a slight I reduction,
though no ; especial weakness is reported. Re
ceipts : from all sources . have been suspendec
for some time, but the market is apparently
sufficiently supplied for the- time being
The Missouri crop report is as follows : Con
dition-of; Corn, 07; last month," 1>1; -acreage
7,000,000 acres. "This suggests a crop of 251.
000,000 bushels. Condition; last year, 73, when
the crop was 117,000,000 bushels. ,;
Western sacked, $1 40@l 42% for Yellow and
White- and, sl' 40 for;Mlxcd; California large
Yellow * $1 40@l 45; small round do, Si Co®
1 60' -White, . $1 37 &<gl 42 % ; . Egyptian, $1 40
Ll 60 for White'and $1 36@1 40 for Brown.
rYE— $l 47%©1 60 per ctl ,;i /. - i
' BUCKWHEAT--n_75@2_25 per ctl. \
Floor and Farinaceou* Goods.
FLOUR— California Famlly^Extras.- ; J4 80@
810 usual terms; -Bakers' Extras, $4 70<rasV
Oregon ; and Washington. Jobbing at $4@4 50
P6 FA^RINACEOUS GOODS— Prices in packages
«r« as follows: Graham Flour. (3 25 per ; 100
lb£ Rye Flour. $3 75 i Rye Meal. $3 6oT Rice
Flour - $8 ; ' Corn Meal. $2 75 ;\ extra Cream do,
$8 75; Oat-Meal." s4 25@4 50; Oat Groats, $i 80;
Hominy $3 75@4 ;' Buckwheat - Flour. $4 500
4 75- Cracked Wheat S3 75; Farina, $4 50:
Whole Wheat. Flour,.; $3 -50;;. Rolled ' Oats, bbls.
$6 50@7 50; in sacks. $6®7: Pearl Barley.- $«;
Split Peas, boxes. 55 50: Green Peas. 55 50 per
100 lbs. - . ;->• \u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0 ,\u25a0:'\u25a0'• '-\u25a0
Har,nnd Feedstuff*.
V The \u25a0 congested '" condition of the ' Hay ' market
is 5 well ' Illustrated by : a:\u25a0 letter ; issued ? yester
day "by }, the • Southern^ Pacific vßalalroad .Com
pany •to the Hay merchants , saying . that' there
are now iln Hhis city 204 s cars : and s in" West
Oakland" 112 cars unloaded fond ;. waiting* for
room on * the ; sidetracks. \r The company ; accord
ingly asks the ; merchants 'to get their Hay: out
of the cars as soon as possible and relieve, the
congestion.,- ' . -' ' '\u25a0' \u25a0 :
'\u25a0-\u25a0- The Hay : market •', continues weak. - Good
Llvermbre Wheat -, Hay.: was ; offered .» yesterday
at 510 \u25a0 with \u25a0no \u25a0 buyers. . ..- The lower; grades are
still : neglected. Air Feedstuff s " remain ; un
changed. \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0 .-."'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0.\u25a0•\u25a0-. \u25a0 \u25a0•' \u25a0'\u25a0' •: .:.-:"- : "••
BR AN-^-521 50522 . 50 per ton. . ; . . \u25a0 ' -'; ... \u0084 '«. ;
IMIDDLINGS— S26«S2B 50 per ton. .-..••.
SHORTS — 523024 per ton.
. FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. 521 50522 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill; 533 (Vo®34 50; Jobbing.
$35: Cocoanut Cake at mill. $22®22 50; Jobbing.
523; Cocoanut Meal at mill, 522@22 50; Jobbing,
523 ; * Corn • Meal, <H 530@30 50 ; Cracked \u25a0\u25a0- Corn. ;
$30 50^31: -Mixed 'Feed, r? 522 50@24 : c. Horse
Beans,'. $30®40 \u25a0 per " ton : * Broom Corn j Feed. " 90c
per ctl: • Calfalf a «Meal.~ carload lots,^ s2l;; job-'
blng 522 50perton;;Mealfalfa,-,5181n ear lots
and . 520 : for smaller quantities. \u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0
;'' HAY— Wheats 59«13'60;i .wheat, and • Oat,
$850®12 BO: Oat. $7@ll 50; Barley and Oat.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
*x_ AT AUCTION.. 2a head of all purpose
• heroes. By order o! Georse Sylvia.
This stock must be »o!d to \h* highest bidder.
Saturday. August 5; at Jl a; m.. ai <iVi Broad-
way. Oakland.
', i.. J. F. BAUJIGARTEN. Aactlone*-.
AUCTION SALESEnrage yotir tables 1 Grand opening of
Cliff House new grill Sunday, Aug 20. •
WANT OWNER FOR A CLOCK.— John
Harvey aad Harry EnUth were arrested on
"Wednesday night and locked up la "the tanks"
at the City Prison. They wer« carrying a cal
endar clock about three feet long- which the
polioe believe they had etol«n. The clock la ln
the property clerk's cf flee, waiting an owner.
The Saint Andrew's Society of San
Francisco will celebrate the one hun
dred and thirty-fourth anniversary of
the birth of Sir Walter Scott at the
ScottiEh Hall on Monday evening, Aug
ust 14, •when a literary and musical
programme of exceptional interest will
be presented.
The oration on the "Genius of Scott"
will be delivered by Professor Morse
Stephens of the University of Califor
nia, this being a subject to which he
has devoted deep study, and, ln fact,
Professor Morse Stephens is recognized
as one of the leading authorities on
the literary works of Sir Walter Scott.
'Prominent vocalists, among- •whom
are included J. F. Veaco, John
Beatty, Mrs. Daisy Keane Gillogley and ,
Mrs. R. G. Elrick, will sing songs writ- '
ten by Scott, which are dear to all his
countrymen, and Alexander Smith,
the favorite elocutionist, will read se
lections from certain of Scott's works.
In addition to the programme pre
pared by the liaerary committee an at
tractive programme of dances will be
gin at the conclusion of the literary
programme, the dance arrangements
being In the hands of a committee con
elstlng of R. D. Colqunoun, j| William
Carnie and Douglass *Wilson. A large
and influential general committee has
charge of the entire arrangements for
the festival.
Birth of Famous Poet to Be Commem
orated by Fitting: Literary »»*
Musical Programme.
SCOTTISH SOCIETY PLAXS
ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION*
The lnvestlK.it lon of the nllegred Ir
regularities within the Slntc Hoard of
Dental liiamlnors hy the commission
yesterday opened n startling field of
possible fnvts which may bring: one
or more members of the board Into
very serious difflcultiea. The testimony
advanced proved to be the most, sensa
tional since the Kitting: of the commls
aion, und it digressed entirely from the
line of former Inquiry.
Dr. A. J. IlulliiiKcr, a practlc-Ing- den
tist, late of >nu Krancisoo but now of
Kins* County, axrore that Dr. S. M.
llrn«*h, a brother dentist, with ofQces
at HOT aiarket street^ had lately stated
that be had "dus: np" to the State Board
and by so doing: had rrceived a tem
porary license. This money is alleged
to have been given by Dr. IlraNch to
Dr. P. S. Coke, a member of a- Market
street denial firm, and it is through him
that the member of the board is said
to have been approached. Attorney
Brann, representing? the "nolli! five,"'
Drs. Herrick, White. Balrd, Maybew '
and Howard, promised the oommiMslon
that he nould introduce evidence to
show that this money was received by
Dr. J. M. Dunn and that he granted the
license to Brasch.
This lime wltueMft grave the names of
five dentists nhom he alleges are prac
ticing without a license. Four of these
have offices ln San Francisco and the
other lives in Fresno Connty.
The matter is regarded by the State
commission as serious and it will be
thoroughly Investigated. "We shall probe
the thing to the bottom." said President
Pillsbury, "and find out where this al
leged fraud lies and who is responsible
for It. We shall not hesitate in doing
what we think is right, no matter who
it catches. If any member of the State
board is guilty of having received a bribe
or money for a service done in his official
capacity we want to know It— that's what
we are here for."
TESTIMONY COMES AS SURPRISE.
The testimony came as a complete sur
prise to most of the occupants of the
crowded room. The hush that fell as the
accusing words of the witness multiplied
into, vital sentences added a dramatic
touch to an investigation that has here
tofore been ordinary. The young gradu
ates pressed forward eagerly, yet anx
iously, fearing lest they should miss one
word. On one side of the table sat Dr.
Dunn, his fingers nervously playing with
a rubber all the time that the witness
talked. On the opposite side of the com
mission sat the "solid five," an expres
sion of satisfaction which they did not
wish to show appearing little by little on
their faces. Attorney Braun was impas
sable.
Dr. Huliinger was the last witness
called during the morning session. He
had told the commission the tenor of his
evidence before this sitting, and they
told him to go ahead and tell all he knew.
"Do you know any dentists who are
practicing ln this State without a li
cense?" was the first question.
# "Yes. sir," answered Dr. Huliinger.*
"How do you know this?"
'They told me themselves.".
"Who are they?"— this from the com
mission.
XAMES ILLEGAL PRACTITIONERS.
"Dr. E. D. Steinau. 2333 Market street;
Dr. C. A. Hewett, 101 V* Grant avenue;
; Dr. S. M. Brasch, 997 Market street; Dr.
Plymire and Dr. Gallagher of Pine Ridge,
Fresno County."
i For an instant there was a hush — each
one in the room was trying to adjust
himself to the new circumstances. Then
came the questioning of the witness, .
sharp and fast, and between examina
tion and cross-examination, inquiries by
the commission and interruptions by the
attorneys the full story came out before
the searching Investigation.
"I have known ,Dr. Brasch for a con
siderable time," stated Dr. Huliinger,
"and he had frequently told me in his
office that he was not licensed and that
he was not afraid of the board. We were
quite friendly and I had sent a patient
up to his office to be treated. It was on
Names s Five , Who
Are Practicing
Unlawfully
Dr. A. J. Huliinger
Startles State
Commission.
ALLEGES FELLOW DENTIST
PAID BOARD FOR LICENSE
MURINE EYE REMEDY cures Eyes;
makes Weak Eyes Strong. " Soothed Eye
Pain: Doesn't Smart. . \u25a0 ••
Mrs. Isabella Silyelra of Sausalito
called at the Coroner's" office yesterday
and made a statement as to the death
of her husband. Manuel T.Sllvelra. in
the French hospital last Thursday. She
said .that .her husband was Injured In
the groin on July 27 and that on July
29 he was obliged to stop work. On
the Sunday mprning following she sent
for Dr. Arthur Mayes of Sausalito. who
prescribed a : lotion and instructed her
as to the manner of its application. She
followed his instructions carefully.
.The second application was made by
Dr. Mayes himself on Sunday morning
and after he left the house the patient
became delirious and was removed to
the French- hospital, where he died.
Snj-M. Directions "Were Followed.
A Lovely Trlancle Electric Ride
Through orchards, foothills, over inter
urban railway. Cars leave broadg-auge
depot, San Jose, every half hour on Sun
day for. Saratoga, Congress Springs, Los
Gatos. Band concert at Congress Springs
on Sunday. •
The jury in the case of " Bert Camp
bell, charged with grand .larceny,
brought in a ; verdict of acquittal ln
Judge Cook's, court' yesterday morning
after being out a few minutes. D. E.
Fletcher, another defendant, was ac
quitted in October. 1903. The cases of
John S. Moore. C." A. Heuston, C. C. Lee
and Ira P. Wilkerson, the other de
fendants, were continued till Monday
to see. as the Judge expressed It, what
the District Attorney intends to do with
them. In view of the two acquittals
it is unlikely that the District Atorney
will go to the expense and trouble of
having any more trials. They were
accused of . swindling Herman Grun
nauer out 0f . 52500 in a foot race in
Golden. Gate Park on June 13, 1903,
between Fletcher and - Campbell.
Jury Acquits Campbell.
A Small Investment
In a- ."Watehnan" or "Marshall" pays big div
idends when it "cornels' to" fountain pen comfort.
One flinne will, last two weeks. They are
scientific, automatic- and- never, fall when you
want to write;.' sh: $2 50. and- up. • Sanborn,
Vail &Co 741 Market st. ".- •
CUSTOM-HOUSE A fPOINTMENTS.— WiI-
Iiam P. Llndley'has been appointed engineer
for the . Appraiser' s 7 bullditig at 'a salary of
?1200 per annum , In' pl*>ce or- Engineer Hamil
ton, promoted to the- new Postoffice building.
Herbert' F. Jackson, has been appointed ele
vator conductor >in. the Custom-house building
at a salary of $GCO. ' ' '.'
District Attorney Slakes Annual Report
of Operation* of Hlii Depart
; nieut- for. 11)04-1005.
District 'Attorney,' Byington' yesterday
filed •witli' Mayor 1 - Schmitz'' his' annual
report- of the s operations, of his" depart
ment for the fiscalyear 1904-1905. The
report shows. that there were 413 felony
cases handled r durihg the fiscal year,
against 364 for 1903-1904. l
The total amount of money deposited
In the city treasury . . .as j bail " was
$387,701. :• \u25a0• - iS?.
FILES RECORD ' OF/ CRIMINAL \u25a0
CASES -DURING THE YEAR
With premeditated precision he cov
ered the top. of a bath tub In his little
home with boards and lying down on
it placed a revolver to his head and
killed himself. A note explaining the
reason of his act was lying beside- him.
Gertzen had no relatives living in San
Francisco to care for his body. Written
on a small piece of paper the following
note was left by the dead man: "It
goes no more. Have great pain. All
good -by.".
Otto Gertzen, an aged carpenter, was
found dead In his home at 339 Twenty
seventh street, yesterday, the victim of
a self-inflicted revolver, wound. Th«
aged man had been In ill health for
some time and was a .' sufferer from
melancholia. Mrs.. J. P. Smith, who
lives at 331 Twenty-seventh street, had
been caring for Gertzen for several
months during his sickness, and she
discovered the dead man on a visit to
the house, finding him lying on an im
provised* couch of board that he had
placed on the bath tub.'
-For many years Gertzen had strug
gled against adversity with little suc
cess. He came to California from Ger
many and engaged in his trade in this
.city, but the death of his wife last year
made him despondent and he continu
ally brooded over his misfortunes. Kind
neighbors became interested ln Gerti
zens condition and they made his life
more bearable. •
Otto Gertzen, Aged Carpen
ter, Ends Unhappy Life
'-With Revolver.
GIVES UP STKUGGLE
AGAINST ADVEKSITY
Dr. Mayhew's* examination. He stated
that he had "not noticed any irregulari
ties. ... p
Dr. Flood, the young graduate who was
with Drs. O'Connell and Minor when they
saw Dr. Dunn ' talking to his assistant
just before the examination, has not yet
been found. He is supposed to be: ln the
southern . part of the State somewhere
and is hourly expected to. arrive in San
FrancLsco. The commission stated yester
day that, if it was found necessary, they
would use legal means to , bring him be
fore them. '\u25a0 . .. • .'; ,
The investigation will go on' again to
day, beginning at 9 o'clock this morning.
The alleged irregularity in giving out the
examnation questions in advance will be
disposed of first and the question of
illegal practitioners will- be taken up
later. There are still some sixty students
to' be examined.
the 3d of July that I met Dr. Brasch on
the street and he told me that he had a
license*
" 'How's that?' I asked him, for I knew
that as he was not a graduate from a
recognized institution nor had he. passed
the required time • under a teacher, so
that he was not eligible to take the ex
aminations. 'What! Is it possible that
you have a license, when you told me
yourself that you were not eligible?'
DUG UP TO THE BOARD.
" 'Sure,' he said to me.- 'That's easy. I
merely dug up to the .State board,' at the
same time* making- a motion with hia
hand as of some one taking money, 'and
I got it all right.' He told me that Gov
ernor Pardee and two others .wrote to
the board and that he fixed it all right
by digging up. He told me that he went
to Dr. Dunn and that Dr. Dunn gave him
the temporary license. \
"A few days later I stepped into his of
fice on the way to pay my annual fee for
the renewal of the license, and I asked
him to let me see the license that wa»
granted him by Dr. Dunn. 'I have it at
my house,' he told me.
" 'Are you going to renew it', I- asked.
" 'No, what's the use. ' I am not afraid
of the board.' "
When Dr. Brasch n.u Hummonert and
\u25a0worn before. .the coiiiiHlflxion 'at the !
beginning. of the afternoon nenKlon the
Mentation that he ivjim expected to « give
out did not materialize. Junt before. he
received the nummonM to appear before
the commlMMion he .mtateil . to ; n few
newspaper men tlint lie had Riven SIOO
to Dr. Coke for Dr. Dunn, hut on the
Ntaiul he denied thin In toto. •.
Brasch swore that -he had only, given
Dr. Dunn the lawful $5 and that he had
paid no one 'else money to be given to ;
that or any other member of the, board/
He had also paid the lawful examination
fee of $25. He denied that he had told
Dr. Hullihger that he had "dug" /up" to
the board or that there was any irregu
larity in! the granting of his" temporary
license. He admitted that It was Dr.
Dunn to whom he had talked, but main
tained that he had paid nothing, that was
not strictly honest on the part of both
men. • . •
It was at this point that Attorney
Braun rose and told the commission that
he had evidence to prove that Dr. Brasch
had paid $100 to Dr. Coke for; Dr. Dunn
and that Dr. Dunn had received the
money. \u0084 * .
DUNJT DEXIES IRREGULARITY. '
Dr. Dunn emphatically, denies that he
was guilty of any. irregularity In his ac
tions. He says that, he save the tempor
ary license, buf that ho did it according
to law. "Wheri Dr. Brasch came. to me,"
said Dr. Dunn, "and asked me to grant
him a temporary; license, I f asked- him to
show me his .affidavits." He did so, "but
even then I did. not want; to take the
responsibility,; and I took them to the
Attorney . General of the /State -and to
our own attorney. \u25a0 The, Attorney General
told me that 'it- • was my duty to grant
the temporary! license until the examina
tions were, given, and I gave 'lt. . It. was
to expire -at that time. , I . only .» received
the $5 that the law allows and that was
absolutely, -all.'/ ... • - ; '.. -. , r .-..' . . ;
There was little other .testimony of irrf
portance before! the board yesterday., "Dr.
I. S. Minor sworethat he-saw Dr. Dunn
talking to, his, young office assistant; Dr.
Papandre, in the hall of .the college build
ing. It was just before the anatomy-ex
amination. Dr.'Dunn had a paper in his
hand and was talking earnestly to Papan
dre, so the witness stated. He V backed
up the statements made by Dr. O'Connell
on Thursday, when the latter^ testified
that Papandre came into the v room and
gave them three, and a part of the; fourth,
questions In. anatomy before * Dr. May
hew, who was conducting : the examina
tion, wrote' the" questions ;oh the board/
He was the : only other ; witness i who , had
heard Papandre. give the questions;
Dr. A. D. de Martin stated .to the com
mission that he 3 had * received ; a list \u25a0of
questions from Dr. , , Howard before the '
examination in? anatomy and ; that ; they
were bo general in" their, nature that they
covered 'a: few -of the questions :givenf in
WITNESS WHO MADE A SENSATIONAL CHARGE AT THE INVESTIGATION OF 1
THE STATE DENTAL BOARD YESTERDAY. AND ANOTRER WHO CONTRA- I
DICTED THE REMARKABLE STATEMENTS IMPUTED TO HIM.
! Swerifeh-Araertcans on Both Sides oC
| JRji.v to .loin In the Celebra
tion at Oakland.
The birthday of John Ericsson, world
' renowned as the inventor of the Iron
! clad gunboat Monitor of Civil War
! fame, will be celebrated to-mo<row by
I the Swedish-Americans of this city and
I Oakland at Idora Park. Oakland. A fit
j ting programme for the day has been
arranged, which will consist of patri
otic speeches, literary exercises, solos,
singing- by the Swedish Singing Society
and musical selections by Professor
Phllstrom's orchestra. The affair will
be given under the auspices of th«
Swedish Society of San Francisco and
Oakland.
A movement Is on foot amon; the
Swedish residents of San Francisco to
raise a sufficient sum of money to en
able them to erect a monument ln honor
of Ericsson, such as was 'recently un
veiled in New York City by the Swedish,
people. ~- : ' i-.V:'
\u25a0 \u2666 \u25a0
WILL HOLD OL'TIXG TO-MORROW.— Tha
Elaine Club, composed of members of Court
James G. Blalne of the Foresters of America,
will have Its annual outls? to and picnic at
Fairfax Park -to-morrow.
JOH.V ERICSSON'S .VVTAL
, DAY TO BE COMMEMORATED
recommendation for its selection unani
mous.
, Several property owners have ap
pealed to the board to keep the high
school near Its present location on Sut
ter street and on that account the Bell
property on Octavia street between Sut
ter and Bush is favored, but the Board
of Education does not appear to show
any particular desire for the last named
site.
It has been decided to utilize the old
Washington Grammar School building
for the opening of the new term.
Preparations have been made to house
the pupils in two buildings on adjoin
ing lots purchased by the city pending
the erection of the new building under
the bond Issue. As the preliminary
work has been delayed the old building
will be used until actual construction
has begun.
The Board of Education yesterday
held a conference relative to the ad
visability of recommending- the selec
tion of the north half of Western Ad
tlon block No. 370, on Hayes street be
tween Steiner and Pierce, as an alter
native site fcr the new Lowell High
school building proposed" to be built
under the bond issue.
The site named is regarded as a de
sirable one for the purposu in view
of the legal obstacles in the way of
the selection of the lot facing .Lafay
ette Park onOctavia street, ottered by
S. W. Holladay and others: The School
Directors had unanimously selected the
latter site as the most desirable, but
it. is feared that legal complications
will ensue owing to the fact that Oc
tayia street between Sacramento and
Washington is part of Lafayette Square
and its original .dedication as part of
tne park cannot be diverted to school
or other purposes.
The site on Hayes street fulfills the
desirable conditions of the Lafayette
Park site in that it is opposite Alamo
Square' and commands a magnificent
view of the city, standing as it does on
an eminence. .
' Sage, "Dealey & Company have al
ready offered to sell t&e lot to the city,
for $173,000; the lot is 412% - feet in j
length- by 137% feet in width/ the city
owning v lot in the middle of the site
30 by. 137.% feet.
The proximity of Alamo Square,
which is a four-block square and would
constitute additional playground for
the pupils, is another reason ih favor
of the selection of the Hayes-street
site. School Director Altmann is en
thusiastic in support of the site and
hopes to .prevail on his colleagues on
the Board of Education to make the
Doubt Regarding Lafayette
iMPark Land Will Result
in New. Recommendation
OFFER HAS BEEN MADE
Lot Opposite Alamo Square Is
Considered Ideal Location
for Lowell High School
BOARD FAVORS
ANOTHER SITE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -SATURDAY, f AUGUST 5, 1905.
16
THE OLD RELIABLE
BAY' CITY
MARKET
, ESTABLISHED 1875.
\u25a01132-38 ' Market St. 25-27-29 Turk St.
Special Sale Every Saturday.
PRIME RIB ROAST, I
per 1b. . . . . . . . . . .... .. ...\&/2,C
. • : Special Sale
Price.
FORTERHOUSE STEAK, 1 C \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
•p« lb .:::\u25a0.;.: .-.'..:... lOC
SIRLOIN STEAKS, 1 *%\/ •
'per1b:,.;...;. ......... Xdr72,Z
ROAST BEEF,
per lb., | .-,-; .;;.... ......'. \u25a0 OC
SHOULDER' LAMB, C <
: fcer lb :. ; . . . ; : . : \ \ . ..... -\. . . . J>C
FOREQUARTER LAMB, » 'fp£l
.perlb...: :;..:....,. ......;; £C
HINDQUARTER LAMB, 1 #>i
perib . :......:.....:.:.:. I\JC
ALLSTEWS, -''-'\u25a0 ' vr-i
Fer 1b . . . . \u25a0 . . . . ... ,(:\ . . . . . . . .'.OC
ROAST PORK (Corn Fed), ' j'a^
perib:..... .:.:...........; VC
CORNED BEEF (the Best), : .V j>
fi ; perlb; . . \u25a0.'.-\u25a0. ::\.\ }': ... . . . \u25a0; ...... OC
TRY OUR DELICIOUS POLISH AND
HUNGARIAN SAUSAGS: ,
• Every Saturday . . .night : : from ,7 to • 10*
O'CLOCK we ; will have a CLKAN-UP , SALE, .
whereby BARGAINS i can '\u25a0\u25a0 be had . which will'
SURPRISE: you. \u25a0 Strictly -> no -telephone order*
received for special rates. CALL and SELECT
•YOUR OWN-GOODS. \u25a0 - - • • - - - .
WRAPPERS^
A rare opportunity now at Hales.
At 75C * Wra PP crs ith s ? u s a h re brahT ,-^6fe*V
stripes and dots; all. sizes. A splendid «X '=*'
A, o^r» • Wrappers, fine poka dot pat- «Sft. >">.'
** *" "*}**• terns and assorted colors. _^^>"0» ' UjTtDu .^W%
ne.itly trimmed with wash braid and p—^^ —
At *1-7 c . Wrappers In light and dark MCTHHBBHB^f
ML J> I.^^. checks, trimmed with bands B^^|»|M^^M|
At c;ilI Vo, with full skirt, deep TOJ^|j§B£a» £\ F(f>
iloiince, edgred with Persian- patterns wg B6«SS (L«w SM I V
Bertha effect over the shoulders; all \M
with full sleeves, deep flounces flsK^^L
and full skirts. Some are plain ; Jla^^^^k
others are trimmed with braid; M@fgfl§lgfil»A
brings them. The exceptional val- .
ues will make a big, quick sale to-day. Second floor.
O >AT T aS tOVeS
vS/y*w*Zz2^\ Here's a 2-burner, $r.37—
/.;/ \\ WJLs^^St^ \ \u25a0 A prood $2.25 value, made heavy and
Jfjr Utfi T^^SZ^tz^-'^ strong; all nickel plated. Down-
/7 CLcA& stalr3
•/ j* B^a.*' Ga* Broiler. 25c: 11-inch size, made
' t^Ji'Tß&.^'^ oi sheet steel > reversible.
t5« tf 1 |C**^—^ StaTtS Coat Hanstn, 4e: Wooden coat hang- j
ij>l«**^iar J2 -«r ers « to kee P the coat ln sha P c -
August 7 th. Taffy 20c lb. 4
Value surprises in every de- Delicious> f resh taffy , in mo .
partment to make this Cal- , \u0084 a *
. ifornia's most economical ses a "^ flavors, usu- ;
shopping opportunity. a ">' 2 5 C lb " at 2OC lb ' ,
r ° rr J Jlarsbmallofvs, 23c pound: Big. fluffy :
" O ones, in strawberry and vanilla fla- ,
£ A d C C\ A C* r% —4" vors, usually 40c>pound.
'\u2666p4 V»5 AJO^wflrL Peanut Taffy, 20ci Mqlasses taffy. \u25a0
Compare it with $7.50 ones ggg wlth sood ' whole3OW ***-
tO prove its Worthiness and how Gum Drop*. »«• pound t Nice and fresh,
this Hale go-cart Store is grow- sugar-coated ones.
ing stronger and stronger in f^J^SP
It's a reclining, folding go-cart. /^F^^TJ^^^^^^^^S^^
with reed dash and back, woven sides. Jj&i .^-^srZTZ —^ — rr —^
automobile gear, solid rubber-tired m , * lM^** -^ ;
wheels, all the same size. 84.05. Third \u25a0'. i.-";.- «,"-.. M —
Uoor. Market Street, Near Sixth. S. F.
ADVERTISEMEXTSI
USE #^ONLY
For baby's hot weather bath,
because it unites the deli-
cate, medicinal emollient,
sanative, and antisepticprop-
erties of Cuticura, the great
Skin Cure, with the purest of
cleansing ingredients and
most refreshing of flower
odors. Hence it is not only
the most effective Skin Puri-
fying Soap for baby rashes,
itchings, and chafings, but rt
is the purest and sweetest
for toilet and bath as well.
Fottw Drut 1 Chrm. Cerp., So.c Prop«., Bo>ton.
WM»i'.Ml Fret. " How to C»re for Baby • Skin."
Ii Concessions on \u25a0/^sFf^^^S 1
Misses' and Small r9IK\ \ I
. Women's- Two-Piccc I
; - Wvaoll OIJBLS I ||mWSS7S |
Exceptional Values! ' n li\m- I
TJlic c»ocori'c cfi-l»c (fill V fci I" \u25a0VlWa- Oi
xnis seasons styles. A/i ft ivr \^^a m
These sujts were made* in our /'/ 'jl y \ B
own workrooms; the material is / / IV\ \l
chambray of excellent quality ; / / |\ . \ '^ji
neatly trimmed with bands of / / :« : .v- \---"^fl
white pique, waists and skirts ef- L^Lr ' v^-T^i
fectively tucked ; in a variety of /^* —^JJ^^^' |
coloring-s, including green, brown, M^^^ 1
gray and ' blue figures, red and tan. : H
Former Price SALE %A 7*\ *?T^*F |
J Another Lot of 200 .W« 1
I Girls' Suspender Skirts f^WJJ
I Just received from our workrooms. In V^W^;|n\ fwv I
I fancy designs, dots and stripes, of light A'fflf'l* f i'^'Mf^l
I and dark colorings. Ages Bto 14 years. x^fc«/'""3;£K$S
I Former Price SALE «_ -^s^Kl3l*
I $f.50 PRICE.. 7SC 7^iJ§ W
J* Store closes Saturdays at 6P. M. No Branch Stores, i v
f*t .'•\u25a0\u25a0 Another
Hi I 1
|M I U. -m \u25a0 i
AMSk'i \>S^!&";liair^-* with pearl
ff^&JttWSßz*^ — handle.
SV*"** 1 ' steel riv-
ets and back, best razor-tem-
pered 3teel blades, and of suit-
able shape and size for either
> lady or gentleman. My (fl kn
| special price tfI.JU
' G I I-KETTK .SAFETY RAZOR
— Has twelve double-edged
. blades, which require neither
stropping: nor honing... £, nn
STAR SAFETY RAZOR —
Regular price $^.00. My «l o «
price 41. J ».
1 I Ruior* Ground nnd ilouril. I
!_; Honing "."c. \u25a0 f
j Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN" PITTS.
j F. W. PITTS. The Stationer,
i 1008 MARKET ST.. Opp. Fifth.
. I SAX FRANCISCO.
— i\
. . . . T Xx £1 ....
Los Angeles Times
Saa Froncltco Office
Is located In
ROOM 10, CHRONICLE BUILDING
ARTHUR L. FISH, Representative.
If you would do effective
ln the. Southwest, drop a line to t&t&
above address or telephone Main li;s
and our representative ; win be -pleased
to call on you- with, full Information a»
to rates, etci : ~i- •\u25a0\u25a0;•.'
THE SUNDAY, TIMES, with SS-paga
magazine. $2.50 a year by mall.
DR.PIERCES
GOKDEN
MEDfCAL V
DISCOVERY
FORTHE
BLOOD.LIVER. MINGS.
CAKTERSI cube sick headache.
IBittie - Genuine Must Bear
| tyf? Fac-Simile Signature
MAUYAiS MUSIC CO/
S33.K.ARKET ST.: OPP. MASON.
Phonographs at Low Prices— Easy Paymgjjt
Wett Ci $I.OODBPYear
MARKS BROS.'
FOR TO-DAY!
2Cc Venetian and Wi.ita Lawi enc n
Hemstitched Stocks. ... .. \u25a0; «"
Persian Lawn ' Waist, like cut. Is only
one of a dozen styles. ' •
i||^ PERSIAN
\u25a0 Entire, yoke of .Valenciennes lace, full
pouch front trimmed -with Val. Insertion;
extra full sleeves- and very deep < cuffs.
OTHER STYLES ON SALE TO-DAY.
95c Lawn'Weists. .....:.. ssC
$2.00 Lawi Waists. 5|«20
$4.00 Women's Linen Shirt Cj 70
•. Waist uits Oh 13
Skirt" and "waist made extra full: pret-
tily-piped in white. Sizes 32 to 44.
$5.00 Gir.s' -i oil Lengfi qq. 7n
C0at5........... OZiIU
Come In sizes 4 to 10 yeare. In several
styles, colors and materials.
Sale of Summer Outing Skirts
$1.00 Crash Lkirrs . 1 ... * . 59C
$1.50 Duck 1kir15......... 99C
$4.50 White \u25a0Piqua--tkirti:J2 1 49
All the leading ' Summer Styles !to select
from. ' x . •
$1.50 Warner's Rusi-Proof oi nn
Corsets .... .... OIiUU
Come with- hose supporters attached,
with double; side = steels. |
SKSO Black Satean'Paliicoats. 9oC
i Deep, accordion- plaited flounce: finished
I with ruffle; made with extra .deep; dust
I ruffle. . . ; '.
a DruTmsr's iam jle Line of Plain en
Mounted Combs, 25c to 50c (Dp
values. To-day/. . . : . . »vU
SATURDAY SPECIALS IN
-WOMEN'S HOSIERY
Isc Black Cotton H05e. . . ... . 9c
20c Wh'.te Foot Hose..... |2j^C
35c Allover Lace R05e . . . . . . 22 C
MARKS BROS.
The Home for Honest. Values
1220-1224 Market, St.