IK AW K EU/ § T^M/ 1^ °TPR P^PEf? P^BLisfet'l{(,s/iK pw<sisco
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVIII— NO. 72.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, AUGUST. 11., 1005.
Will the Gift Prove Acceptable tojtlie "Little Father' 1 in St. Petersburg?
some one was attempting to kill the
whole family, they summoned Sheriff
l»acy. in ' whose presence the water was
drained from the tank. Nearly a pound
of strychnine was found in the bottom
of the vessel, and the crystals were still
floating on the water when this investi
gation was made. -
The Sheriff kept the strychnine as evi
dence and started an Investigation, call
ing In a private detective to assist him.
The Investigation started early In July
and thus far has resulted only In sus
picions which are not supported by suf
ficient evidence to justify arrests. Thero
were property disputes and financial rea
sons which might make several other
persons desire to remove the family, but
Inasmuch as no person' saw the poison
placed :In the task. It Is probable that
there ; will . be no prosecutions, although
the officers have not abandoned the case.
suit of his work Is not known. That
he has founcl some gold In the district,
which until now has been believed to be
thoroughly cleaned up, is certain, for he
has sold some nuggets.' Whether his
.work is : merely a plan .to advance stock
in" some! mining company or not cannot
be stated, but , It has caused . considera
ble : excitement among mining men gen
erally. : V . . . .-
In the old mission days It was known
that the; fathers secured treasure from
some point east of San Fernando in; the
bleak; hills- which/ border the canyon.
The tradition. that they buried much of
their, treasure -under, the, walls of the
San -Fernando -Mission has ' caused the
walls v of ;that*stately,pile; to be honey
combed until 'the "' mission Is almost a
complete :,wreck.; If any gold treasure
has .been i found ''there the : secret , has
been well \ guarded, ibut ' it is '; commonly
believed, that the discovery of this gold
formed" theibaslsj for; the -rich' Leonis
estate litigation,^ which has been In the
courts for decades.
SANTA ANA. Aug. 10.— Officers to-day
gave out the details of a diabolical at
tempt on . June 24 last to put an end by
wholesale strychnine poisoning to Mrs.
John Bushard, , her three children and
Joseph Kaegerer, a ranch hand, all ot
whom live on the old Bushard ranch, a
half mile south of the village of Talbert.
On the day in question all the members
of " the household were at Huntington
Beach, and their would-be ; poisoner evi
dently took advantage of their absence
to carry out the plot for their destruc
tion. Kaegerer upon his return drew
a drink of water from the tank which
furnishes \u25a0 the . ranch house, but . noticing
a peculiarly bitter taste about It, drank
only a small portion. \
The unusual taste so aroused his sus
picions'that, in spite of the fact that the
others made, light of "his apprehensions,
he insisted upon Investigation." Water
from the ; tank . was sent here the next
morning |f for. analysis, and was found to
be' strongly impregnated with strych
nine. Convinced beyond' a doubt*' that
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dastardly Attempt Is
Made to Murder Fam
ily, in the South.
REDDING, Aug. 10.— Mrs. E. Gard
ner, wife of a prominent dentist of this
city, killed a black bear weighing 450
pounds *on Noshana Creek, near Greg
ory, yesterday. While strolling' from
camp, rifle In hand, she saw two bears
facing her. ln. the road. . The animals
started, toward; her and she raised the
rifle and shot one dead in its tracks.
The other ; escaped/ Mrs. Gardner's
daughter, Mrs. A. F. Dobrowsky, bag
ged three buck deer' the same day." "
Recently her husband died at Caribou.
& mining camp near Boulder, leaving a
small estate which she was summoned to
settle. Grief over his death and the er
fect of the altitude caused her dementia.
Mrs. Irvine may - recover after a rest.
She will be cared for by the police and
city physicians.
DENVER. Colo., Aug. 10.— Mr3. Lena
Irvine of San Diego, Cal, bcame Insane
while crossing the continental divide to
oay and when the train reached Denver
she was taken to police headquarters and
cared for by the police matron. She
Imagined znoba awaited her at every
stop and the conductor and brakeman of
the train had much trouble keeping her
from, leaping off.
6p«c!al Dispatch to Tbo Call.
Special Dispatch to Tb* Call.
Grief and the High Altitude
of Colorado Effect
Her Reason.
POISON THROWN
INTO A TANK OF
DRINKING WATER
Wife* of a Redding Dentist
Kills Animal Weighing
4-50 Pounds.
WOMAN BRINGS DOWN
A LAEGE BLACK BEAR
SAN DIEGO WO3IAN
INSANE OX A TKAIX
Continued on Pare ; 2, < Column '1.
* <}Oir*T Who TooU the Oregon Around
the Horn During the War
Reached Ac<- Limit.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 10. — Admiral
Clmrles E. Clark, one of the naval he
roes of the Spanish war. became 52
y<-ar«? old to-day and v for that reason
was transferred .to the retired list of
§the navy. Clark was the commander
of the battleship Oregon on her famous
run around the Horn and In the battle
. of Santiago.
ADMIRAL. CHAKMHS CLARK
PLACED O.V ItIvTIJIED LIST
"The Portsmouth conference -will end
In a treaty of ; peace,'.! .'he'jaaid. "The
conference ,may. be l6ngr drawn out! but
PORTSMOUTH, N. H.; Aug. 10— Fijiro
Takasugi, professor, of English at the*
Imperial university of Tokio.Vwho has
just concluded a post-graduate: course
at Harvard and Is to return to* Japan'
this month, had ai lengthy
last night with Mr. Sato,' who has been
the spokesman so far for/the Japanese
peace mission. After; the conference
Takasugi gave utterance ' to - most opti
mistic views as to the 'outcome of the
negotiations.
Every Demand of Toklo.
Japanewe Declares the Czar Will Meet
SAYS RUSSIA MUST YIELD.
LOS ANGELES, 'Aug. 10.— The report
ed discovery of the long lost gold mine
of the mission .fathers, the source
Whence they, secured funds with, which
to make the San Fernando Mission. the
most elaborate of them all, has caused, a
rush: of i prospectors; and others to the
district around s the, foot of ( Mount Glea
son, and ' so generally ;- has p the ; report
been : circulated that- the. usually quiet
district is now ; the scene: of •extensive
mining researches. *. '
: : A.. J.; Peterson, iuntil, recently an em
ploye"of<the Los "Angeles Street Depart
ment, started -the -excitement. Some
time, ago. he saved. a young, lndian- from
drowning,: and lin I reward for \ that | ser
vice an'old'squaw gave him' information
which led; him; to j-esign .his- job^ secure
a mining /outfit and, f with" several '• pack
animals tladen with, grub,", start into the"
Mount Gleason country. Tlrere ; he' went
to ; work In . an abandoned ; shaft - which
has been "known^; to ";*' mountaineers In
that secflon for; years.; J He also; staked
out^other* claims,/ but what was: the re-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. 10.— Erma,
the eleven-year-old daughter of Thomas
H. Bethurum of Redlands, badly burned
her Hands while saving the life of her
jour-year-old brother Harold, who was
playing with matches and set fire to his
i-'iothing. The baby's screams attracted
his sister, who at once commenced tear
ing the burning garments from his body.
Once or twice her dress caught fire, but
the extinsruiKhed the flames between her
hands. Harold was stripped when help
.irrlved. but badly burned from the knees
to the shoulders. He may live.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Los Angeles Man Finds
Rich Discovery Near
Mount Gleason.
Tears Burning Clothing Off
Body of Her Infant
Brother.
HEEOIC YOUNG GIRL
SAVES LIFE OF BABE
LOCATES MINE
THAT WAS LOST
IN EARLY DAYS
Mr. de Wltte and Baron Rosen had
yesterday, accepted an invitation to
dine with Assistant Secretary of State
Peirce and in spite of their arduous
labors at the navy yard to-day they
kept their engagement. At 9 o'clock
upon their, return to their quarters in
the hotel, they / plunged again into
work and the . lights in their rooms
burned until long after midnight.
Much excitement prevailed about the
hotel,, the corridors of which were
thronged with summer guests and
newspaper correspondents, all discuss
ing and speculating upon the terms
while off the corridors dozens of tele
graph instruments were clicking off
dispatches to all quarters of the globe
The Russian and Japanese plenipotenti
aries dented themselves to callers no
statements were issued and only to a
few were Japan's conditions known.
The initiative of the decision taken
by the peace conferees to keep In abso
lute secrecy the deliberations was pro
posed by the Japanese representatives
The Russians had no especial intention
of maintaining secrecy, but, thinking
they had not the right of oppostng the
desire of the Japanese, they have con
sented to this proceeding.
The Japanese plenipotentiaries mani
fest not the slightest annoyance at the
prospect of a few/days' delay. They
realize how serious the issue is and are
perfectly willing to give their Russian
colleagues ample time for considera
tion.
contending that they only represent
fair compensation for the expenses of
the war and the victories they have
achieved on land and sea, their sole
purpose being to attain the objects for
which they have fought and the spoils
claimed being only such as they are
legitimately entitled to as the result
of their artillery and naval successes.
The Russian plenipotentiaries, as
soon as the Japanese terms were in
their hands, called five expert delegates
attached to the mission, and spent the
whole afternoon in th-e consideration of
the terms. Meantime the conditions
had been placed in cipher and cabled to
the Czar, with Mr. de Witte's personal
explanations. It Is h6ped that a reply
will be received from the Emperor to
morrow, ,in which -case Mr. de Witte
expects to have the Russian response
ready by Saturday, but it is not un
likely that. Saturday being the first an
niversary of the birth of the Czarevitch,
the presentation of the reply will be de
ferred until Monday. Meantime the
envoys will not meet unless some un
expected necessity for a conference
should arise.
The Japanese, on the . contrary, as
Baron Komura announced at the con
ference to-day, consider them moderate,
Japan does not mention the amount of
indemnity she will demand, but insists
on the recognition of the principle of In
demnity.
As a whole these terms are regarded as
exceedingly harsh in the eyes of the Rus
sians. In addition to the two principal
conditions, which cannot 'be accepted
under Mr. de Witte's Instructions, there
are clauses relating to the curtailment
of .Russian naval power in the Far East
and the granting of llshing rights upon
the Russian littoral. These are consid
ered particularly, offensive to the amour
propre of their, country and of such a
humiliating character as to be Inadmis
sible. - .
Japan, In the terms which she sub
mitted to-day, will require the cession
of territory. Saghalien Island is certain
ly part of the territory that will be de
manded. The demand may be in excess
of this, because the Japanese have found
a foothold on the coast of Siberia, near
the mouth of the Amur River, and even
now they may have the Japanese flag
over Kamchatka.
Japan has provided that she will no
longer have an antagonist in Russia on
the mainland or on the Sea cf Japan.
Thus far the moves on the chess board
have been merely fencing. Now will
come the real struggle. The situation
here la that even the Russian envoys do
not know what will be done. This is due
to the situation in Russia. Everything
might be upset in a night. lam inform
ed that, in case the money indemnity
agreed on is moderate, arrangements are
practically completed to have the money
furnished by capitalists in New York,
London and Paris. - -
That Japan shall be the recognized
predominant power in the Far East is
the elst of the entire document pre
sented by Baron Koniura to Mr. de
YVHte to-day, no matter how deviously
the wording: may be expressed. Unr
lnjg the stay of the Japanese party here
the clear Intention of the Mikado's Gov
ernment to become the great power ami
to rule In time, not only Korea and
Manchuria, but all of China, was made
so evident that there could be no doubt
that* it was on this great mission that
the Japanese envoys had come to Ports
mouth.
Cession and indemnity are the ques
tion* In doubt. As to all el»e. there
probably -will be no serious objection
by Russia. The Government Is ready
to relinquish Manchuria and Japan will
be a fixture on the mainland and will
be allowed to extend her empire west
ward and southward.
The territory to be ceded is of course
the barren island of Saghalien, now used
by Russia as a penal colony. The < recog
nition of the principle of indemnity may
mean the cost of the war, or it may mean
that the Eastern Chinese Railway, the
right and property of whicn are to go to
Japan, may count as indemnity. This
road cost its builders more than $200,000,
000. I do not understand -that the future
of Vladivostok was mentioned in . the
terms.
PORTSMOUTH, N. H. f Aug. 10.—Jap
an's peace terms require the cession of
territory, the recognition of the principle
of a money Indemnity, the retirement of
Russian influence from all of Manchuria,
the cession to Japan of Port Arthur and
the Eastern Chinese Railway and the
"independence" of Korea, under Jap
anese ' influence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
INDEMNITY THE GREAT ISSUE
Finally on th« sixth day. Head Keeper
Ruland returned to the tower and
Coster was overpowered and taken to
Port Jefterßon.
Then the maniac's delirium took an
other turn and he endeavored to kill
Hulse and himself. He attacked Hulse,
but was beaten off. after which he
backed his own throat with the razor,
Inflicting gash after gash, from which
blood poured until the apartment was
covered with It. His wounds were not
serious, however, and the following day
he stabbed himself with a heavy pocket
knife.
One night the maniac tried to put
out the light and did stop it from re
volving. After a desperate struggle
Hulse finally threw Coster down the
stairway leading to the light tower and
started the light going again.
The wild man then obtained a razor,
and, lashing the blade to the handle,
started out in search of Imaginary
enemies. When Hulse saw him next.
Cotter was hard at work with hammer
and chisel, endeavoring to take bricks
from the tide of the tower. He told
Jiulse his foes were pursuing him and
•were hidden in the brick sides of the
lighthouse.
To-day Coster made up his mind that
he would stop the light and went up
end stopped the revolving lenses.
Hulse fought with Coster in the nar
row light tower and succeeded in
throwing him out of that portion of
the tower.
Coster, armed with a razor, tried to
kill Hulse and himself. Overpowered
efter an all-day battle, the madman
finally desisted.
Stratford Shoals light is on Long
Island Sound, midway between this
harbor and Bridgeport. It is a lonely
spot at all times, and when Julius
Coster, the second assistant keeper, re
turned from a few days' absence, a
raving maniac as the result of too
much drink, the tiny rock became a
bedlam.
PORT JEFFERSON. L. 1.. Aug. 10. —
Alone for a week with a madman In the
lighthouse on Stratford Shoals, fighting
day and night to prevent himself being
killed and to keep the light burning,
was the awful experience through
which First Assistant Keeper Merrill
Hulse has just passed.
Special Dispatch to The Cail.
Keeps Beacon Burning Despite
Constant Struggle Against
Death.
Mikado to Be Dominant Factor
Throughout the Far East.
Tokio's Future Policy Revealed
in Proposed Peace Terms.
HOPES TO RULE ALL CHINA
Battles Daily for Life
With a Frenzied
Madman.
First — Would be agreed to, in lieu of cash indemnity. _
Second — Will be agreed to in lieu of cession of territory, pro
vided the indemnity demand be reasonable.
Third — Will be agreed to.
Fourth — Would be agreed to in lieu of cash indemnity.
Fifth — Will be agreed to.
Sixth — Russia's acquiescence doubtful
WHAT CZAR WILL CONCEDE:
First — Cession of the island of Saghalien.
Second — Recognition of the principle of a money indemnity.
Third — Retirement of Russian influence from ail of Manchuria.
Fourth — Cession to Japan of Port Arthur and the Eastern Cfri-
Fifth — The independence^ of Korea, under Japanese influence.
Sixth — Recognition of Japanese predominance on the Asiatic
WHAT JAPAN WILL DEMAND:
Lighthouse Keeper
Passes a Week
of Horror.
MURDEROUS
MANIAC HIS
COMPANION
TERMS PROPOSED BY KOMURA FORWARDED TO CZAR
PORTSMOUTH, N. H., Aug. 10. — It is regarded here as practically certain that >Tapan has written into her conditions of peace the meaning that
Russia shall abandon her position as a seeker after development and an empire builder on the Asiatic shores of the Pacific. It is certain that she
has written into these conditions the meaning that Japan shall be the commercial and military mistress of the Far East.
JAPAN DEMANDS RUSSIA'S RECOGNITIN OF HER
SUPREMACY ON THE EASTERN ASIA MAINLAND.
THE ; JTHEATERS.
AliCAZAS^^rhe Only Way." f
CHUTES— Specialties. Matinee.
CENTRAL— "No Wedding Bells for
Her."
COLUMBIA — "Weather Beaten Ban
son."
GRAXD — 'The Merchant of Venlc*."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLI— "Kob Roy."
the wEAainiK"'"^ '" \u25a0*
Forecast mf&e at. San lYanclaeo for
thirty hours t-nding midnight. August
Baa Francisco aira^Vlnlty— Cloudy
\V f * * \ m
Friday; fresh west^TrtqSi* i/ tl"*t 1 "* ,
A. O.^McAOTBA' * i
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call-. A' Surrey, Runabout and Top Buggy or Stan,
hope/ If bought " of vi, alwaya lives rup to tht
price."- We carry.-, the 'best that's made. , Lei
b^ld Harness Company. 211, Larkln street. ,•/;'
Hunt Loses in Tennis Doubles.
SALT. LAKE, • Aug. 10.— Reuben G.
"Hunt, the tennis champion, , met defeat
to-day with his partner, in' - the .semi
finals for the iritermouhtaln^chq.iripionship
in doubles. Scores;^6-4;."j(>-673..,
Hunt still rem&in3 v ,in the singles. He
has reached the semi-finals' and plays to
morrow with Jamef>SaUsbury,%who won
the championship,; In j singles", at Cornell
last season. Huntvstands-a;'gc>'pd ..chance
to win the . championship^^ in' v singles,
which carries a; silver cvp i jyalued^ at $500,'
donated by Samuel iNewhbuse,'' the mil
lionaire'mine owned 7 . ; .". " .:."\u25a0'\u25a0''
To Conquer More Russian Territory.
TOKIO, Aug. 10. — Rear Admiral Ka
taoka reports that he has dispatched
one 'naval squadron to Kamchatka and
another to Okhotsk, and that they are
now engaged in carrying out their in
structions in regard to the work to be
performed at their respective destina
tions. * \u25ba•'
ists who were holding a meeting In a
forest near here to-day were surround
ed by soldiers. The majority of them
were arrested and many of them were
wounded while attempting to escape.
The military commander has sen
tenced the Chief of Police and the
Burgomaster to one week's imprison
ment for disobedience of military or
ders.
Ynchtft to Knee 'tit Coronndo.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 10. — The race
for the Challenge. cup presented by Sir
Thomas Lipton for the; competition of
yachts on the Pacific will be com
menced at San Diego on the 28th. and
will be continued dally uhtilone of the
competitors has won three races. The
course lies off the big Coronado Hotel
and under the lee of, Point Loma. On
the first day the yachts .will sail a
windward and leeward course of twelve
miles, and if this be completed the next
day's races will be on a triangular
ceurse of twelve miles. In this way the
course will alternate each day until the
course be finished.
Golf at the Garden City.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 10.— The members of
the Linda Vista Golf Club are making
arrangements to entertain the mem
ber*, of the Northern California
Women's Golf Club. . which will hold jl
tournament in this. city' next. Wednes
day.- The play will be a bogey : match;
of - 'eighteen; holes.'- nine holes- ;to. be
played before . luncheon and nine" after;
There are about * thirty .'clubst in " the
northern, association and it is 'expected .
about 100 golfers will come to the- city.'
The second of a series of golf tourna-!
ments was decided on the links yester
day,-afternoon. .The event, a - .bogey!
handicap, was won by Mrs. Ralph W. ;
Hersey, her score being seven down.
The' first tournament was won by Mi^s
Florence Ives of San Francisco. Those;
playing in yesterday's tournament
were: Miss Minnie 18. Houghton \u25a0:\u25a0 and
Miss Florence Ives: of San Francisco,'
Mrs. Hersey, Miss Florence. Clayton,'
Miss Bessie Henry, Miss Rita Dinsmore/
Miss Tennant Smith,' Miss Morrison,'
Miss Edwards. Mm. ' Joseph H. Rucker,
Miss .- IiOllta" McGeoghegran, Mrs. - Pick-
Bton,- Mrs. Edward . Carey.v Miss .Julia'
Morrison and : Miss Edith Barnhisel. \u25a0; •'?'
Mexican Llvlnsr Near Scene of Holdup
Is Taken Into Custody by
Town Marshal.
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 10. — One of the
most brutal highway robberies that has
ever been perpetrated in this city came
to light this evening when it was made
public through an arrest that some
time Sunday morning last Antonio
Chumino. a Mexican laborer living near
the car barns on Nineteenth street, was
assaulted and nearly killed by 'footpads
in a vacant lot just east of the Half
way House. He was robbed of $30 and
left lying for dead. John Monroy, a
Mexican living in the vicinity, was ar
rested this afternoon by Marshal Davis,
who says that he has strong evidence
against him.
The Injured man is not yet- out of
danger. He is still unconscious from
an ugly wound in the back of the head.
All-Mar Team to Race at Reno.
RENO, Aug. 10. — The Reno •Wheel
smen's team, which captured the. cham
pionship for fifty-mile relay' races in a
contest with Sari Jose a' few weeTcs ago,
has made all arrangements for a race
with a team to be known' as the All-
Coast relay team, composed of the fast
est riders on the. Pacific Coast. The race
is scheduled, to .take placo.. inVthis city
on the first Sunday in September. Mcl
Moffltt of Oakland is- organizing the
All-Coa3t team, Uames Hart; '.trainer
for the local riders, is confident of vic
tory and says he will turn out the fast
est group of riders ever seen on the
I track here. " •*"' ;
BAKERSFIELD MAX IS BADLY
BEATEN' BY A HIGHWAYMAN*
".'NEW" YORK, Aug. 10. — Robert A.
Irving, publisher of the New Yorker,
was arrested to-day, charged with
criminal libel. . Irving was, taken at
once to the Courthouse, arraigned be
fore Magistrate Breen, and, in default
of. $1000 bail, was locked up in ; the
Tombs. . . ' .
The ; complainant . is Congressman
Rhinock.. of Covington, Ky., * who 'sev
eral months ago caused the arrest of
Robert W. Criswell, editor of the New.
Yorker, on a similar charge. ; Criswell
subsequently met with a tragic death
beneath a : subway train. The charge
against Irving grows out of the same
article. \u25a0 . .
Robert Irving Sued by Con
gressman Rhinock of
Kentucky. ,
NEW YORK PUBLISHER
J AILED FOR LIBEL
Goes to Seliua to' Have Wound Urewed
and Is Taken Into Custody . \u25a0*
by the Police. ." \u0084' "'
SELMA. Aug. 10.— H. G. Zovich, a
prominent young Armenian fruit buyer,
was arrested here to-day and accused
of being the "Peeping Tom" who fright
ened two women in Fresno last night
by peering into their bedrooms. The
intruder was shot in the shoulder
while" escaping from the place. Zovich
came to Selma to have a wound in his
shoulder attended to and when arrested
denied his identity. When confronted
by Fresno officers, however, he ac
knowledged that he was the man that
was wanted, but could offer no excuse
for his strange conduct. He was at
one time engaged in the real estate
business in Fresno.
FRESNO'S "PEEPING TOM"
IS SHOT IN THE SHOULDER
GoMack* Uo Not Take Kindly to a
Jni>:inei»«* Demonstration.
UtniZPTJFJUJZ. Manchuria, Aug.' 10. —
Nothing but petty skirmishing has oc
curred recently along the Russo-Jap
anese frontier.' The weather is fine and
the roads are drying out. The Japanese
several timer, on the approach of Rus
sian reconnoiterlng parties, left the
shelter ot the breastworks unarmed,
and, throwing their cap? to the air,
shouted. ''Peace! Peace!" The Cossacks
generally replied with volleys and con
tinued their reconnoissance. _
Many Agitator* Wounded While TLt
temnting; 1« Make Escape.
TROOI'S SllirniSE SOCIALISTS.-" '
XfODZ, Ayg. 10. — A thousand Soclal-
I'OL.MSYS ANS\Vi:it "PEACE" CRY.
Golferx Out for Championship.
CHICAGO Aug. 10.— With the national
golf championship narrowed down to the
third match round, which will be played
to-moirow morning, only eight players
survive.
Sensational golf marked the play to
day 1 , resulting In the removal of both of
Canada's representatives, the return of
W. J. Travis to his old time form in the
afternoon and his defeat of gold medalist
D. P.' Fredericks, Oil City, by the score
of 2 up and 1 to play. Another feature
of the morning play was the. defeat of D.
Travers of Nassau, who has twice beaten
Travis, by E. M. Byers of Pittsburgh The
iatter made a run. .winning .6 up and 5
to play. The following is 'the .card in
the Egan -and Carr match:" I !
Egan, out 42; in. 77." Carr, out 41; in 80.
The summaries for the second round
match play: W. C. Fownes defeated
Percy Pyne^ 4 up and 3 to play. W. J.
Travis dereated FredericKs, 2 up and 1
to play. • D. E. Sawyer -defeated F. R.
Martin, 4 up and 2 to piayi^.A. L.. White
defeated R. D. Bpndum Jr.; '3 up and 2
to play. F. Herreshoff defeated O. W.
Potter Jr.. 4 up and 2 to play. H. C.
Egan defeated S. Carr, 3 up and 2 to play.
E. M. Byers defeated .Hugh, Campbell. 3
up and 2 to play. H. Weber defeated
Harold Bend, 1 up and -19 holes. - .
Border With Troops.
Preparations Being: Made to Patrol
AUSTIN, Texas, Aug. 10. — State
Health Officer Tabor came here this
afternoon for the purpose of consulting
with the Governor and the adjutant
general. It is said that Tabor considers
the situation confronting Texas critical
and that he is here for the purpose of
securing the consent of the Governor
; to hold all the Texas troops in readi
ness to be placed at his disposal to
patrol the Louisiana border if it is
found necessary'to do so. '.
ALARM FELT IN TEXAS.
SAX JOSE, Aug. 10.— Santa Clara Val
ley will have a weather bureau in opera
tion by September 1. Quarters are now
being -fitted up in the Dougherty build
ing oh South Second street, near San
Fernando.'. Offices will be located on the
•fourth floor, and the instruments will be
placed oh' top of the building. The build
ing is ihe highest In town. Maurice Con
nril, an- observer who has been stationed
at Marysville. has been placed in charge
of- the station. •
'The- opening of a weather station in
thisVclity will be a big help to orchard
ists, ; as a forecast made at San Fran
cisco does not always meet the climatic
conditions here. Establishment of the
bureau was secured through the efforts
of the- people of this and adjoinnig coun
ties "by petition.
1 :if.';;Moa of De Maartens Kroin the
Conference Caunrx MiiHi IV«"Hng;.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 11, 3 a. m. —
Russia is probably now in possession
Of Japan's terms for ending the war.
Long cipher dispatches were received
late to-night by the Foreign Office and
the Russinn Government is awaiting
tne morrow before deliberating on and
discussing the Japanese Emperor's
terms.
Special dispatches from the Russian
correspondents at Portsmouth. N. H..
gave not the slightest intimation as to
t:i<=- contents of the Japanese communi
cation, or its enV-ot on the members of
the Russian mission. The principal
point on which they dwelt was the ex~
clusion of Professor de M-aartens from
the conference. The plenipotentiaries"
dispatch details the insistence of the
Japanese on this point with consider
able acerbity.
Special Dispatch to The Call
nnllroad Hurd Pressed for Oil.
BAKERSFIELD, ' Aug. 10.~It was
learned this afternoon from reliable au
thority that the Santa Fe Railroad Com
pany is hard pressed for fuel oil. The
cause is said to be the fact that a : large
percentage of rthe wells belonging to the
company-- are \u25a0 now delivering -water in
stead of oil through the pumps.
. PORTSMOUTH. England, Aug. 10.—
Scenes unprecedented in a British naval
port were .witnessed here to-day. The
French sailors for hours fraternized
with the British tars; the sailors of the
:two nations .. parading' streets arm in
arm, singing: the French and British
national anthems.
RUSSIAS ENVOYS INDIGNANT.
-Volo," Wn© Fell While Looping the
Loop, Passes Away In
:\u25a0&&, Jlntte. - ti -
BUTTE. Mont.. Aug. 10.-Thomas But
ler, known as "Volo." who did a dare
devil'bicycle act of the "loop the. loop
character, died at Mlssonla to-day from
the effects of a fall at He * n V^t\v and
While in the air. he tamed slighUyand
struck the receiving stand on the cd P e.
I -Station Will -Be Ready for
; Occupancy by First of 1
Next Month.
UIRIN'G BICYCXE RIDER
SUCCIMBS TO INJURIES
.." "r^peclal Dispatch to -the Call.
LQS "'ANGELES/ Aug.'ty- The Los An
geles . Western Mining Stock Eehange.
which a few months ago began business
in elaborately furnished quarters in the
Hellman building and for a time essayed
to become a recognizt-d mart for mining
securities, has suspended business:- Cus-.
tomers who appeared at the place, this
morning found a notice on the door stat
ing that the exchange had closed for a
time but would soon reopen. The sus. T
pension of the exchange, while osten
sibly temporary, is said to be practic :
ally permanent. Business may be . transr.
acted there from time to time for a few
days but there will be no r more daily
sessions and the sumptuous quarters
will be sublet during the- term of ;th.e
lease from the owners of the bulldingl
I>os Angeles !s not a gambling com
munity, and to that fact is due the: clos
ing of the exchange. Whether V&&\ in-
Ftitution had any real basis such .' as
would invite the confidence of any staid
business man cannot be stated, but the
people here never took kindly to it. The
expense? from the first were almost as
large as the receipt? and when the re
ceipts decreased and epenses increased
the exchange saw its finish and quit busi
nes« It is stated on reliable authority
that the institution will pay in full all
that it owes. ' .
SAN JOSE TO HAVE
A WEATHER' BUREAU
Los Angeles Stock Mart Is
to Be Abandoned; by
Its Promoters.
31 IN1XG EXCHANGE
SUSPENDS BUSINESS
Resignation of Vice President E. S.
Peter* Id Demanded.
ATLANTA, Ga., Aug. 10. — Harvey
Jordan, president of the Southern Cot
ton Association, to-day telegrahped
Colonel E. S. Peters, vice president of
the association, demanding his resig
nation. President Jordan said:
I have wired Vice President Peters demand
ing his resignation and have suspended him as
an officer of the association. The imbllc ut
terances of Colonel Peters and his actions in
Washington clearly indicate that he is not in
harmony with the present efforts of the as
sociation concerning: the full and complete in
vestigation of the Bureau of Cotton Statistics
and other divisions of the Department of Ag
riculture.
WAR IX COTTOX ASSOCIATION*.
LOUISVILLE, Aug. 10.— A lease was
filed in the County Clerk's office to-day
whereby J. J. Dcfuglas transfers to J.
Lum Simons Douglas Trotting Park, lo
cated south- of ' the. city, near Churchill
Downs, for five years for $3000 a year.
The filing of this lease means that the
Western - Jockey Club intends to enter
the field and will hereafter conduct races
here in opposition to the American Turf
Association.
Colonel Lum Simons refused to-night to
either affirm or deny the report. He said
he had acquired the track and would use
it, but- he -would go no further. Karly
this spring the Wester*, jockey Club
split and the American Turf Association
was organized in opposition to the older
.body. The Louisville Jockey Club allied
Itself with the new orgar.rzatlon. The
Adlei-Cella syndicate, which has been a
prominent factor in Western turf affairs
for years and is allied with the Western
Jockey Club, is said to be Interested in
the new project. ; .
19OMB THROWER* ACTIVE.
Three I'ullrrmrn Killed on the Mreet*
of Uar<iav..
WARSAW. Aug. lrt. — The police were
busy this afternoon lilling the jails
with Jewish Socialists. They captured
J6O. armed with revolvers and daggers.
In a synagogue on Xovolipie street.
Fifteen others were arrested by a pa
trol on Francis Sekauska street after
."ii exchange of shots. A bomb was
<2isehargvd on a street this morning
and t!ir*-e policemen were killed.
TJiere are also disturbances in the
£ urroundlng; districts. Gangs of revo
lutionists, armed with revolvers and
bosbs, attacked the Government treas
urers in three district town's of Opatow,
Lub&rtow and \Wngrow, resulting: in
stiff fighting- with the polite, several of
whom were killed or wonnded.
Peasants destroyed the place of
Count Krasansk at Tykocin, near Bye
losiok.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Western Jockey . Cub Will
Race in Opposition to
Churchill Downs.
COKRIGAN INVADES .
CITY OF LOUISVILLE
. SALT LAKE,. Aug. 10.— Samuel Grice, a
convicted burglar, who won the Victoria
cross by his bravery in going to the as
sistance of Lord Roberts during an ac
tion in Afghanistan in 1877, to-day began
to serve a twelve-year sentence in the
Utah State prison. Grice has lived in
Salt Lake' for several years and has be
come notorious for his petty crimes and
for his skill in evading punishment. - He
has often received jail sentences, but
until now has not been convicted of a
crime that would justify a long impris
onment. •
Grice enlisted in the British army in
1867 and served seventeen years. He saw
sfrvice in India, South Africa and Egypt,
where he was woutided during the Soudan
campaign. He won the cross in 1877 by
hurrying to the aid of Lord Roberts, who
had been unhorsed and slightly wounded
in the action at Khost. With the assist
ance of a soldier from another regiment.
Grice succeeded in taking the general to
safety.
Grice also served under Colonel Ed
mund Rogers Coker of the British army,
who was decorated for service at Gin
ni?, during which action Grice received
his only -wound. Grjce. is . now almost
sixty years old and does not expect to
live out his sentence.
NEW YOJtly, Aug. 10. -At. the Sandy.
Hook proving grour.ds there was to-day
fired a futile shot — one -which cost the
Government ' all of $20,(HXt. Tne shell
known as the Isham wrecked itself on
the face of the target and at the same
time wrecked all the hopes of the in
ventor, who. despite the discouragements
of ordnance experts and. the difficulties
of gaining "an official tfst in face of
such disapproval, kept doggedly at Con
gress and finally gained an appropria
tion that was sufficient for the trial.
Ordnance experts would have none of
the Isham theory of a shell, for the
reason that it represented nothing more
than a discredited one— thai a shell
charged with high explosives and burst
ing by Impact against armor. would exert
greater destructive effect than an armor
piercing missile, which cuts through such
restetaace and carries ii» explosive effect
into the interior. . \u25a0
Man With Victoria
Cross Is Sentenced
For Burglary.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Single Futile Shot Costs
the -Government
$20,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Small Strike Occurs Among
. die Employes Who Are En
gaged in Cleaning Up the
Stricken Southern City
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 10. — The offi
cial report up to -6 o'clock p. m. on the
yellow fever situation is as follows:
Xew casts, 68; "total to date, 747.
Deaths, 5; total to date, 124. New sub
foci. 21; total to date, 151. ,\ Cases under
treatment, 256.
With the death-rate remaining lower
than in previous visitations of the fe
ver, the .feeling here both among the
health authorities and the laity con
tinues hopeful. The fever has been
prevalent long enough to have assumed
a virulent form, but instead, it is ap
parently less malignant than it was
when it first appeared.
Many of the cases which are now
being reported, except among the Ital
ians, are mild in character and readily
respond to the treatment given them.
Dr. White said to-day that while the
work of organizing his forces is rapid
ly crystallizing, he will not be able to
make any announcement of the details
of the campaign until Sunday. One of
of the details of the plan, it is under
stood, will be an Inspection, not only
of every house, but of every room in
the city. In connection with. his work,
Dr. White took occasion to-day to say
that he had encountered less interfer
ence from politicians in New 'Orleans
than he had ever met with before.
One of the curious incidents of the
day was an incipient strike . of em-,
ployes of the Citizens' Sanitary De
partment. It occurred in the Thir
teenth Ward. Heretofore there have
been as "many men applying for jobs
as could, be taken care of. They were
glad to work for $150 a day. The
Thirteenth Ward force, however, be
lieved if was entitled, to a raise. The
employes struck for $:>. The citizen's'
\u25a0pommittee- refused to pay more and a
new force was engaged.
\ The City. Council at its meeting to
?day authorized Mayor -Behrman to bor
row $60,000 from financial agents to
assist in meeting the present emer
gency. Ten thousand dollars is to be
used in carrying on the "street cleaning
work, in which the city is engaged, and
the $50,000 is to go to the fund asked
by'the Government. Though not quite
$250,000 has been raised, air the money
Is available that can be' used, by v Dr.
and his force for six- weeks.
Owing to the difficulties: it has met
.with at Mobile after being,. forced to
divert its ships from New Orleans, the
United ' Fruit Company, \it is learned,
has decided temporarily to discontinue
Its business. Two more steamships are
now completing cargoes there and will
bring them to New Orleans.
- There are twenty-seven cases of fever
at Patterson, La., but nearly all of them
\u25a0have been"previously announced. Bon
Ami, La., reports two cases in a nearby
lumber camp.
seven names: adijed ',
to the death list
-. -PARIS, Aug. 10. — The statement that
German bankers have advanced a per
sonal loan of $2,500,000 to the Sultan of
Morocco, although not confirmed of
ficially, is arousing indignant comment,
coming after assurances that the status
quo was to remain unaffected until the
holding of the international conference.
It is pointed put that the legality of
the loan is contestable, the position of
the Sultan since the last International
conference being similar to that of the
Khedive of Egypt (who reigned- from
1563 to 1879) at the period when the
powers Intervened for the regulation
of Egyptian finances, in order' to pre
vent the personal extravagance of the
Khedive. : ; ii •...-
Meanwhile, Germany has not yet re
plied to the last. French note regarding
the conference. This delay is believed
to be due to Germany submitting the
French proposals to the Sultan before
responding to them.
According to semi-official advises the
Sultan is showing more and more a
marked opposition to the proposed con
ference "and to any consideration ot
Moroccan reforms.
WASHINGTON*, ! Au?, 101— Prof essor
W. L. Moore, chief of the . weather
bureau, to-day issued a signed state
ment denying' allegations of graft in
the management of the weather bureau
station in the Blue Ridge Mountains,
near Blue Mountain; disclaiming the
existence of any irregularities in the
administration of his office and offer
ing full opportunity for the investiga
tion of any specific charges by any
person. He says:
A few days ago a statement was published
in Washington to the ettect that it was re
ported ujiotticially that the Stcrtt Service had
dispatched agents to the mountain station
< Mount Weather of the United States Weather
Bureau),, wh=re the sleuths tor the past two
days nave been nosinc around.
According to the report, these sleuths dis
covered that the Weather Bureau was pay
ing $3 per day for unskilled labor, which is
twice the amount paid laborers In th« city
of Washington, and that there is a complaint
on the part of the employers adjacent who
only pay "3 cents to $1.
It is a fact that the Weather Bureau has
never paid $3 a day to *ny laborer employed
at Mount Wtather or at any other place, and
If the reporter who wrote that statement had
taken the trouble to ask for the privilege of
examining the pay rolls of the Weather Bu
reau h-e would have saved his readers the op
portunity of reading secretly secured scandal
instead o£ openly procured news. I would
like to have the entire pay rolls of Mount
Weather, or of any other portion of the Weath
er Bureau, published, so that the public may
know whether there is an extravagant man
agement inside of the bureau or any falsi
fication.
I do not doubt that T have disturbed the
labor market In the vicinity of Mount Weather
and I am proud of the fact, for I was told
of men working from sunrise to sunset for
50 cents per day and board, or 75 cents per
day and board themselves. I believe that such
hours of labor and such wages do not con
tribute to the betterment of American citizen
ship or the welfare of the State and so far
as I have the power, as the chief of a largs
Government bureau. I shall ever strive to alter
such conditions.
Having gained important concessions
from the riouthi-rn i'acilic Company la
the- way of an interchange of truttio
privileges in Southern California, me
San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lak«
road is now preparing to obtain similar
privilege* f rom the Santa Fe roud ia
the same territory. Yesterday the offi
cials of the Wanta Fe Company received
a formal request from the otfici.ila of
the Salt Lake road for v conference
here next weeK, at which the question
of an interchange of traffic will be
thoroughly discussed.
As yet the exact date for the cor.fer
ence has not been decided, but the traf
fic Oifieial3 of the Santa Fe have an
nounced their willingness to confer and
left the date of the meeting to the repre
sentatives of the other road. Upon what
basis the Salt Lake road officials hope
to secure an agreement with the Santa
Fe for interchange of traffic In South
ern California is not known hero, but it
is presumed that they will ask th^ priv
ilege of reaching direct all the indus
trial points on the Santa Fe line in the
lower section of the State. A conces
sion of this character will largely de
terinin»} on what kind of reciprocity the *
Salt Lake road proposes to offer. It is
doubtful, however, if any trouble will
ensue over the question, for the two
roads are very friendly.
United States Senator Clark is a good
patron of the Santa Fe road. He has a
coal mine at Gallup that contributes
largely to the freight income ot the Santa
Fe Company, and still more important
business is done with the company at Je
rome, where his big United Verde cop
per properties consign their product to
the cars of the Santa Fe for shipment to
the markets. Naturally, in view of thes»e
friendly relations, the officials of the
Santa Fe are anxious to be extremely
fair with the Salt Lake people, and
will ' most likedy agree upon an inter
change of freight if the Clark people
can give some reasonable assurance that
whatever sacrifice ia made by the Santa.
Fe will be met with a liberal concession
of privileges along the line of the Salt
Lake route.
The Santa Fe now enjoys trackage
privileges over the Salt Lake Company's
line between Pasadena and San Pedro,
which it secured several years a?o.
when that portion of the Salt Lake Com
pany's tracks was owned by the Los
Angeles. Terminal Company. This agree
ment -nrill m no way be affected by tho
coming conference.
ISHAM SHELL
A FAILURE ON
OFFICIAL TEST
BRITISH HERO
IN THE UTAH
STATE PRISON
Rusftu :«ust In the end accede to the
ter:r.s of Jap En.' She cannot uo Other;
v. i.st. lir.ssia has fought until she- can
light no longer. J;ipan has gained -in
Impregnable position, and can dictate
terms. There is no escape for the
Muscovite.
»ir course. I do not know absolutely
what Jaj.:An"sr terms will be, but I tiiink
I cai t« 11 very nearly what ray coun
try's representative* are likely to ask.
"One condition will be tht immediate
evacuation of Manchuria. Another Will
be V.it cession of the island of Sagha
lien. Vladivostok also will be de
manded:
•"Ctrtsiniy an indemnity will be ask
ed. A dvfeiitod nation is alw.iys forced
i" ray an indemnity at the "end of war.
I do not knew the amount, but I am
convinced that it will be at the very
least 51.006.f100.000, This may be re
<2u< -d, however, if peace can be brought
about In ho other way.
"It is to be exported that the Russian
envoys wiil protest against. SUCI) terms.
They 'may almost refuse to continue
resotiations; but Baron Komura and
Mr. Takahira will not be dereived by
such tactics. They will be Immovable
and In the end Russia's representatives
\u25a0rill give what is= asked.
"The Russian i>«?opio will undoubtedly
look on the terms of peace as dishonor
»/.!<•- and there will be much dissastis
facHon. Th<> Czar will quiet this by a
proclamation establishing a representa
tlve ;:K.^e!iihly. This will be simply a
travesty on representative government
and after two or three years even this
solace "will be taken away from the
people. It will, however, have served
its i-urpose.'
Continued From Paice 1, Colnma 3.
Proud of Fact That He Paid
Fair Wages to Men Em
ployed on Mount Weather
Traffic Kepresentatives of
Two Lines to Meet Here
Within the Next Ten Days
Terrible Scourge Continues
to Spread/With Rapidity
in New Orleans, Thougblt
Appears in^- Lighter Form
WELCOMES AN INQUIRY
CONFERENCE IS CALLED
• -
Terms Submitted by Baron Kcmura Are Regarded as Extremely Harsh
by the Representatives of the Czar at Portsmouth.
STATUS QUO DISTURBED
Berlin Bankers Loan to Sul
tan of- Morocco Regarded,
as a' Breach of Faith
Kaiser's Assurance of Inac
| tivity Pending Internation
% al Conference Proves False
Insists That Russia Relinquish Her Pretensions as a Naval tower in
the Waters oi East Asia and Withdraw Remaining 1 Warships.
Senator Clark Sends Track
age Privileges on South
ern 'Bails of Competitor
Chief of Weather Bureau
Disclaims the Existence of
irregularities in His Ottk-e
OVER SIXTY
NEW CASES
OF FEVER
MOORE DENIES
CRAFT CHARGE
GERMANY'S COUP
ANGERS FRANCE
WANTS RIGHTS
OVER SANTA FE
JAPAN DEMANDS CESSION OF TERRITORY
AND REIMBURSEMENT OF COSTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 11, 1905.
... Try the, United States Laundry. ; 1004
Market street. Telephone South 420. •
Japan Regards Snsliallon a» Her Own.
LONDON. Aug. 11.— : A Tokio dispatch
to the Times says' that, the Japanese
Government is inviting competitive
tenders for the Saghalien flsheries
rio-ht«s eoverinsr a period Including- 1 806.
'- H3VNFORD, Aug. 10.— An oil . train was
wrecked two mllw west of here last nlnht.;
rive !. car» were ditched and 250 feet of track
were \u25a0'. torn us." . " ; ', • ' .\u25a0 ; \u25a0 \u25a0 v
2
ggl Boys' School Suits $ 1 .95
* r r-^^C School opens this coming Monday — August 14th. If you
' \u25a0f^^^^w^. want to s et the h °y one of these $ ll ' 9S ol suits you wiU
have to buy right away.
; !ii^^^B#^^^M They are two-piece garments made from fancy mixed
cheviots/ The ages are 8 to 1 5. years. These suits are double-
' breasted style just as pictured.
With every purchase of a suit in our Juvenile Department
illiilPfiii PsH tn^ s wee^ we gi ye an excellent hardwood pen and pencil box —
one c^ e w^^ use an<^ a PP rec^ ate>
•M|Rfc|Sl^ '$w Boys' Russian blouse suits in fancy mixtures and blue
'^^S§M§Mfj^W cheviots; eton collar, knickerbocker pants, leather belt, silk
liiiPit^^^ embroidered chevron on arm, double-breasted style with brass
buttons down the front; ages 2}4 to 6 years; special now at
Thompson Sailor
'WUt. Dresses $ 3.9 5
We wish to acquaint you mothers with our girls'
department, where we carry a line of swell outer gar-
ments such as coats and dresses.
. With this idea in view and school opening so; '^SX^^M^^L
near, we took some Peter Thompson sailor dresses and
reduced, them to $3.95. The former prices were
$7.50, $7.00. $6.50 and $6.00. . \u25a0'
The material is an all-wool serge in blue, dark
brown, golden brown and red; skirt lined throughout,
chevron on left sleeve; sailor collar, tie— in fact, the
dresses are just like the '\u25a0 picture. Ages 6to 1 2 years. J _flf
Above Goods on Sate at 740 Market St. Store Onty W?
Fret Concert Every Afternoon— Art Reception Room— PoTvell and Ellis Store— Ladies Cordially Invited.
I . \u25a0 *it * t£^t "*l ' *^ f \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 MSI M i^^^vk. jt^^v^k BQ^^^^. _^ 3^j^s^
l^^l^lSi^^ Manufacturers Wholesalers and Retailers of Clothing V$ illliriSljlQ'
- Two Large Stores |j||lp :
\u25a0 .^^S? 740 Market Street and Gor. Powell and Ellis
(Thas;3&cUus $r (To.
1: x c t v 5 i tr c
JBigh'iSrade Ctothicrs
No Branch Shorts and Xo Agents.
FOR FALL FASHIONS
WE ARE BRIMFUL
OF EXCLUSIVE IDEAS
AKD CHOICE FABRICS
CATERED TO SATISFY,
CONSERVATIVE DRESSERS.
BEING AN EXCLUSIVE SHOP
DOES THE STUNT; GET WISE.
If the clothes you've
been wearing never
brought out your person-
ality, then get next to
vis. We'll do it lor you.
rTbie is Clothes Science.
OThurtoiu Slock(ARCTIC EXPLORER WHO HAS BKEN RESCUED AND BROUGHT BACK AS FAR AS NORWAY AFTER A PERILOUS EXPEDI
TION* INTO THE UNKNOWN REGIONS OF THE FAR NORTH, HIS SHIP AND THE LATE CAPITALIST WHO FUR
NISHED THE FUNDS FOR THE TRIP.
\u25a0 APPL.ETQN, ."Wls., ! Aug. 10.— Henry
Pauls dropped dead at Lawrence Uni
versity to-day after a two hours' ses
sion with, the local agent "of a life in
surance company and after refusing to
take out a policy, explaining that he
came from a long-livefl' family and ex
pected to live at least naif a century
longer. ; ," ;....; „ * '••vyJ'c '\u25a0*
Pauls deprecated ;ay man's sction In
taking out life Insurance, saying that
nearly every man was better fitted to
Invest his money than, were insurance
companies.
Pauls left a wife and : six children.
His wife waa at his side when he
collapsed.
Epedal Dispatch to The Call.
3lan Drops Dead After Ke
fusing to Take Out
a Policy.
Nicholas Ketten, who was In another
part of the store, the only known wit
ness of the murder, was shot in the ab
domen when he attempted to run out
of the store. When the police reached
the place Benson was still living, but
he died after a few minutes. ' He
placed the revolver In his mouth, the
bullet passing through his brain,
CHICAGO. Aug. 10. — Oscar Benson, a
policeman, this afternoon shot and
killed his brother-in-law, Mathew
Mamer, 50 years old; fatally wounded
Nicholas Ketten, 50 years old, a clerk
in Mamer's jewelry store at Harrison
and Desplaines streets, and then com
mitted suicide. The tragedy was en
acted in Mamer's store."
For some time Benson and his
brother-in-law have been at outs. To
day Mamer complained to the police
of Benson. 'The latter heard of the
complaint and this afternoon went" to
Mamer's store. He jumped over the
counter, and, throwing his arm about
Mamer's neck, placed the revolver
against Mamer's head and killed him.
CHANCE TO BEAT LIFE
INSURANCE GAME LOST
One Victim Dead, the Other
Dyin<r and Murderer >
Commits Suicide.
POLICEMAN SHOOTS
FOE AND BYSTANDER
CHICAGO, Aup. 10.— Mayor Edward F.
Dunne's reßidence was looted by burglars last
night a few hours after his return from ftiS
visit to the Eart. Thf burglars gained an en
trance to the house through a window and
carried off about 575 worth of linen. A ser
vant hearJ the. burglars, but they had slipped
away before the - Mayor could be aroused.
WASHINGTON, Aug. io._Army or
ders: First Lieutenant Lloyd R.
Krt-bs, assistant surgeon, has teen de
tailed as a member of the examining
hoard at the Presidio at Monterej, vicu
Flirt Lieutenant Frank C. Baker; as
. *!st;«nt »surg<:or. relieved. First Lieu
tenant T^dwiird K. Masse. Twenty-sec
ond Infantry, will 7-eport on August 31
to t!ip commanding officer at Fort Mc
• I.'ov.d! for duty pending the arrival of
his rfgiment at that station. Second
Lie!;tf nant Charles W. Harris, Twenty
# eighth Infantry, uill report to Briga
dier General W. S. McCaskey, president
j^' : the army retiring' board at Denver,
for examination by that board. Cap
. tain R. H. Rolfe. quartermaster. Is re
lieved from dirty with the construct
ing quart errr:ar;ier general at Fort
Kosc-erans. and will proceed to Naga
saki. Japun, for duty at the depot
of the Tu.irterr*uiste-r at that place.
ARMY ORDERS.
It is understood upon the best au
thority that the gTant Is conditional
•;pon the selected site being made the
permanent western terminus of the
transcontinental road. A further stip
ulation is that the construction of the
railway from the Pacific end shall be
commenced prior to June 1, 19C6. and
Fhall be completed within two years
thereafter.
MONTREAL, Aug. lv.— it is stated on
unquestioned authority that Kairn Isl
and, twenty-five miles south of Port
f-impson and foxing Tucketts Inlet, is
to be the site of J^aurier City, the west
ern terminus of the Grand Trunk Pa
cflc Railway. Confirmation of the
fact is found In the grant of 10,000
acres of land, exclusive of Indian re-
Ferves, upon the island, just made by
the Provincial Government to the com
pany at a price of $1 an acre. •
Special Dispatch to The Call
Kairn Island Selected by
Grand Trunk Pacitic
Company.
The passage of the procession across
Trafalgar Square was marked by an in
cident that met with hearty cheers from
the spectators. As Admiral Caillard and
the other chief French officers came
abreast of the Nelson column, they
slightly turned toward it and. looking at
the bas relief depleting the death of
Great Britain's naval hero, raised their
hands to the salute.
After luncheon, the procession was re
formed and proceeded to the French
Embassy, where Admiral Caillard gave a
reception to members of the , French col
ony.
At the Guildhall,' which was reached
at about 1 o'clock, the Lord Mayor and
Aldermen. In full state robes, welcomed
the guests. Eight hundred sat down to
luncheon. The toasts were full of cor
diality.
LONDON, Aug. 10.-Vice Admiral Cail
lard, commander-in-chief of the French
fleet, and eight of his officers arrived in
London this afternoon. The weather was
ideal and animated crowds thronged the
route from the Victoria station through
the main streets to Guildhall, where
the visitors were guests of the Lord
Mayor anu Corporation at \u25a0 luncheon.
Forty open carriages conveyed the offi
cers and the procession was headed by
three royal coaches bearing Admiral
Cail'.ard, Sir John Fisher and other ad
mirals, Sir Francis Bertie, the British
Emba?sador to France, and Paul Cam
bon, the French Embassador to Great
Britain.
Mrs. Green secured a divorce from her
husband a little over a year ago. Since
then she has had a hard time to secure
a livelihood for herself and child. Sick
ness brought on her melancholia and
brought about the attempt at self-de
struction. •
At the Central Emergency Hospital Dr.
Reuben C. Hill operated the stomach
pump with such vigor that Mrs. Green
was able to think rationally in a com
paratively short space of time. She de
plored her rash action, and buoyed up by
the kind words and goodly advice of Dr.
Hill, went home with a promise never to
repeat the act, but to live for her little
girl, who is yet in her infancy.
Mrs. Myrtle Green, a divorced woman
living 'at 278 Clara street; toyed with
Death "for a moment last night, but failed
to get on speaking terms with the grim
destroyer. Rat poison was the agent em
ployed. Despondency is ascribed as the
cause. Owing to the prompt action of
Mrs. E. C. Belmont, with whom Mrs.
Green was living, the latter's life was
saved, but not until after a desperate
fight between the woman who would take
her own life and Mrs. Belmont.
The Belmonts were- at supper when Mrs.
Green, a frail woman, bent with care,
appeared on the threshold of the dining
room door, holding in her hand a spoon
ful of rat poison. Placing it near her
lips, she said: "Good-by, Annie. This
life is too hard for me. Look out for
little Grade. God protect her." Hardly
had she done speaking, when Mrs. Bel
mont reached her side with a. bound. Mrs.
Green made a desperate attempt to swal
low the poison. In the light a quantity
of the powder slipped on the floor.
Wrenching her hand free, the frantic
woman tossed off the remaining part of
the powder and sank to the floor in a
swoon.
"I am deeply shocked and grieved at
the death of my beloved friend, Arch
bishop Chapelle. His death is ono of the
most lamentable losses in the course of
the outbreak of fever in New Orleans
which is causing such sympathy and
concern throughout the nation."
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 10.— In order I
that no unnecessary risks might be taken
it was announced to-day both by Sur- !
gcon White and by Father Scotti that
the funeral of the late Archbishop Cha
pelle, which will take place on Satur
day at 9 o'clock in the morning, would
be private. Dr. White said it was a fact
accepted by the scientists . that yellow
fever could not be transmitted by a corpse,
but it is considered that there would be
some element of danger in attracting to
the cathedral on immense assemblage of
people from all sections of the city. The
cathedral is located within the originally
infected district within a stone's throw of
the French market and there has been
fever on all sides of it.
To-day a solemn requiem mass was
raid in honor of the dead Archbishop.
The services lasted for two hours with a
large attendance of people residing on
the lower side of Canal street. Thirty
priests participated and the church was
profusely decorated in white,' black and
purple. The body rested on a bier in the
main aisle and it was found that the re
mains were sufficiently preserved to per
mit the removal of the metallic cover
ing. Many viewed the remains through j
the glass. After the services ended and
the congregation was dismissed, further
visit* to the church were discouraged. <
During the day. Cardinal Gibbons tel- ;
egraphed his condolence. Messages came j
from all parts of the United States and
from forHsrn countries. :
WILKESBABRE, Pa.. Aug. 10.— Cardi- [
nal Gibbons was informed of the death
of Archbishop Chapelle when he arrived i
in this city last night. He said: I
"The news is a great shock to me. Be- ( i
fore leaving Baltimore yesterday morn
ing I received a dispatch from him com- '
mending himself to my prayers and this j
was the first knowledge I had that his
illness was so serious or that his end I
was near. I need not say how greatly
I am shocked and grieved at the news .
of his death."
Cardinal Gibbons received the follow
ing telegram from President Roosevelt:
WESTERX TEK3IIXUS
FOR NEW KAILROAD
Vice Admiral Caillard and
the Officers of His Fleet
Guests of Lord Mayor
Unhappy Woman Struggles
With Friend in Vain At
tempt to Swallow Poison
Services for 3lgr. Chapelle
in New Orleans To-Day Arc
to He of Private Nature
liver considered the t>plendld car ser
vice, climatic advantages of tbe Rlcb
moud UiMtrlctf Exceptional offers to
li«)inf-*e*kem in Real Instate
column*.
FRENCH NAVAL
MEN IN LONDON
QUIET FUNERAL
FOR ARCHBISHOP
FIGHTS TO END
HER OWN LIFE
could only be done with bis consent,
but if he was not shamming his consent
would not be withheld. Judge Lamp
man thought Dr. Frash's certificate
settled the matter and granted an ad
journment until to-morrow morning.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 10.— Professor
Willis L.. M>x)re, president of the National
O*ogr*xiflic Society, to-day received a.
uUzrarr, from W. J. Peters, dated Hon
:.:r.i-svaja, ar.d reading as follows: "No
;e-curd; cejidiucns unfavorable; consider
able s-citriuiric work." Peters, the sender
o: ;iu; message, had full charge of the
£'.:er;t:fic work.
NEW YORK. Aug. 10.— A cablegram
was deliveied at the office of the Ziegler
r-iatc conSrming the dispatch from Hon
r.ingsvaga. znd elating that three
i. mpts northward by the present expedi
tion were made without success. The
scientific wGrk, howtver, was successfully
cair.tti an. :
'"Our rescue was due to the splendid
efforts of William tf. Champ, secretary
cf the late William Ziegler, commanding
•-lie relief expedition, who, owing to the
terrible weather, failed to reach us last
year, and to the untiring; zeal of Captain
2\jetdsen and his Norwegian officers and
t row, who, lor six weeks, persistently
forced their way through solid floes of
110 and anally reached us.
""ALiundar.ee of stores had been left on
the Franz Josef Archipelago by the ex
pedition c-oirirr.ar.ded by the Duke of
Abruzzi and the Andre relief expedition,
bo that we did not suffer serious difficul
ties en that ;=core."
The thirty-seven members of the expe
dition wlio returned to safely a:e all in
good health cktpite their deprivations and
prolonged imprisonment in the Arctic.
3."he expedition was severed from all
c.rr.mun.t.at;o:i with the outside world
from July, l*fi. Anthona Fiala of Brook
lyn, X. V., the leader of the expedition,
in a brief statement says:
"The rescue was most lirr.ely. By my
order the American wintered in Nepliz
Bay. Early in the winter of IW3-4 the
chip was crushed in the ice and became
a total less, together *vith big quantities
cf ccal and provisions. Stores left at
Franz Jctef Lar.d by fcc-veral relief parties
caved us very serious p;ivat:ons. Three
attempts to reach a high altitude failed.
The sciemiric work, however, as planned,
was successfully carried out by William
J. Peters of the United Statts Geological
Survey.
lIONN'IN'GSVAGA. N'crway. Aug. 10.—
The Arctic stcajr.ehii> Ttrranova, which
went to the relief of the Fia^a-Ziegler
polar expedition, has rescued Anthony
Fihia and all the others connected with
the expedition with the exception of one
Ncrueg-ian seaman who died from natural
causes. The ship America, which took
out the expedition, was crusiud in the
Ice early in the winter of ISOo-4, and was
lott with a large part of her coal and
provisions. The expedition reached £2 de
trees ana 13 minutts.
Higgins'said his information was that
accused was not ill and he wished that
an opportunity would be given to have
Collins "examined by two physicians.
Collins had been working all the previ
ous day and the police were convinced he
was not ill. A person could easily
feign sickness so that the best physi
cians would be deceived. He would like,
he said, to have two physicians make an
examination of Collins. Of course this
When the case was resumed this morn
ing by Judge Lampman, his counsel H.
D. Helmcken, produced a certificate from
Dr. R. L. Frash, a well known local
practitioner, which stated that he had ex
amined Collins and had found him to
be threatened with a nervous break
down.
. "I shall to-morrow insist that Collins
be examined by two physicians as to his
condition. We are confident he is sham
ming illness. The fact of the matter is
he has played his last card and lost.
He has exhausted all the arts of the
professional juggler in legal' technicali
ties and has, so to speak, got to the end
of his rope. He -is afraid . to take the
stand and give evidence. Lest he should
try to escape from the police the guards
have been doubled. Judge Lampman will
sur?ly commit him. If he applies for
habeas corpus before a Judge of the
Supreme Court he can hardly hope for
success, as two Supreme Court Judge 3
have already turned him down. About
the only thing left open to him is toy
apply to the full court. But I think he
has completely exhausted himself."
VICTORIA. B. C. Aug. 10.— George D.
Collins of San Francisco, who is fighting
extradition on a charge of perjury. Is be
lieved by the police and lawyers engaged
in the case to be feigning illness in a
hopeless endearor to postpone the hour
when he will be handed over to the Cali
fornia authorities. To a Call represen
tative Attorney Higgins said to-night:
Major Taggart took the stand at 3
o'clock. In answer to questions by At
torney Sterling, Major Taggart gave a
detailed account of his army career. He
recited his triumphs in the army and tolc?
of his important commands, and of the
commendations he received. He told of
his service in Cuba and of having been
on the San Juan firing line for two days.
Taggarfs testimony was lacking in sen
sational features.
"But we're not through with you yet.
This gentleman may never again after
this trial see the light of the outside
worJd,"'said Smyser.
Judge Easton called a recess and May
ber stepped from the stand.
»"You may be wanted to-morrow and
you may not," said Judge Easton, as
Mayber stepped down into the crowd.
Mrs. Tagpart then shouted her threat
at the detective.
"Humph. Did try it once— gov " left,"
said Mayber, from the stand, so that all
could hear.
"We knew all about, this evidence that
is to be given by this man and for two
hours yesterday afternoon I debated
with my client as to the advisability of
letting him go ahead, for the perjury
charge that is to come."
"Is that so?" chimed in Mayber.
"Why can't you have him" arrested"'
asked Sterling.
WOOSTER, Ohio. Aug. 10.— "I'll horse
whip you, you cur!" shouted Mrs. Grace
Culver Taggart in the courtroom this
afternoon where her husband, Major
Taggart, is trying to obtain a divorce,
to C. R. Mayber, a detective who is ex
pected to give evidence on the alleged Sil
ver Lake episode.
Judge Easton had announced that his
decision as to the admissibility of May
ber's evidence was to go over till to
morrow. Judge Smyser said:
Such notice was given, and. on July
12. the exclusive privilege of the Pa
cific Mail lapsed. Therefore this busi
ness is now open to all established
lines of steamships having regular
sailings.
Rates from New York to Panama
have been reduced approximately 50
per cent. With reference to the ex
clusive agreement which formerly ex
isted between the Panama Railroad
and the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany, whereby through bills of lading
between New York and points on the
western coast between Panama and
San Francisco could be Issued only in
conjunction with those two lines. Calve
was informed that a six months* notice
was required to terminate such agree
ment.
CAU.- BUREAU. POST BUILDING.
WASHINGTON. Augr. 10.— Senor J. B.
Calve. Minister of Costa Rica at Wash
ington, who was influential in the
movement by which the republics of
South America several months ago
urged Mr. Taft to reduce the trans
portation rates on the Panama Rail
road, in order that the products of
South and Central American countries
migrht be brought cheaply to the Amer
ican market, has been officially- advised
that the desired measures have been in
part effected. Senor Calve has re
ceived a letter from Mr. Adee. acting
Secretary of the Department of State,
stating that local rates across the
isthmus have been reduced and an in
vestigation is now under way looking
to the establishment of a flat rate
across the isthmus.
Expedition Is Fruitful
in Its Scientific
Discoveries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Officials Believe That Fugi
tive Is Feigning in the
Hope of Gaining Time
Transportation Business Is
Now Open to All Estab
lished Lines of Steamships
Army Man Merely Details
His Military Career and
Does Not Accuse His Wife
Fail in Their Attempi
to Reach North
Pole.
PROSECUTION SKEPTICAL
HUSBAND ON THE STAND
FLAT RATE IS FAVORED
Physician's Certificate Is
Filed in Court to Show
That the Defendant Is Hi
Heavy Reductions Already
3lade and a Further De
crease Is Contemplated
Threatens to Horsewhip a
Detective Who Appears as
Witness Against Her
Explorer and His Men
Return Safely to
Norway.
MRS. TAGGART
DISPLAYS RAGE
COLLINS GETS
ANOTHER STAY
FIALA-ZIEGLER POLAR EXPEDITION
RESCUED IN THE ARCTIC REGIONS
ISTHMUS RAIL
TARIFFS FALL
THE SAN FRANCISCO" CALL, FRIDAY, " AUGUST 11/ 1905.
3
g "On and Off like a Coat" B
i COAT SHIRTS 1
R§ Suited to every figure, Jm
Hs and every occasion. gf
|H Designs exclusive. H
H FAST COLOR FABRICS ||
em $1.50 and up. ~ X
H CLUETT, PEABOOY & CO., M
IB LARGEST MAKERS OF SHIRTS AND COLLAR* E|
•S IN THE WORLD. X
Skin Diseases
are cured by
v and
Glycozoi\e
Er>£orse£ ty the Medical Profession.
By destroying germs, they as-
sist nature to accomplish a cure.
Send thirty-five cents to pay ex-
pressage on Free Trial Bottles.
SoVd bjr VeMd-.cg Drtcg^u. .
Hotfenuiue unles* Übel bear» my t-?c*tßie:
61 0 Prince Street. N. T.
KTrtt*ror Tr«« Information ab«Bt
HYPmiZOMTB and CLVCOWIB.
WE KNOW, Mr. Reader, that you are thinking of getting your next suit
of us, otherwise you would not be interested in reading this advertise-
ment.
Now don't think that these are like the $10 suits you have seen before, sold at this
price. Don't judge these suits by their sale price. Look at their value and consider the
method by which they are sold. Picture in your mind the $15 suits you see about town
— those are the suits we sell for 5 10.
We manufacture clothing and wholesale it to the trade all over the United States
except in California. Here we sell direct to the public through our own stores, but the (
prices are the same as we ask the dealer when he calls at our manufacturing establishment.
We retail here in San Francisco at wholesale prices. You see, we make our profit on the
manufacture of the suit and not on the retailing of it.
Other local dealers buy from manufacturers and then add their profit to that of the manufactur-
ers. The suit reaches you plus two profits— the manufacturer's and the retailer's. Our suit reaches
you plus but one profit. The suit you see elsewhere for $15 is the suit we sell for $10.
This one profit principle has made two stores necessary to handle our fast-growing business.
The proof of all this rests with the suit itself. Come in one of our stores — buy a suit— examine
it carefully at home. If it is not as good as the $15 suit sold elsewhere, return the garment and get
your money back.
If you want a good pair of pants at a medium price, for everyday wear, just to tone up that
worn coat and vest, we have them from ?li.-«"> up to $4.00 a pair.
Free Concert in. the Art Reception Room of our Powell and Ellis Store every afternoon at 2.
o'clock, also Saturday evenings. Ladies are cordially invited.
fafci "Sv'Slt \u25a0' Manufacturers Wholesalers and Retailers of Qothing $J?^
jgjgggwg.' Two Large Mores 3sslSi§!oy
a gggjwnrj' fr ~i» Market Street ahid Cor. Powell and EllisPLUCKY WOMAN WHO DISCOVERED A DAYLIGHT BURGLAR AT WORK IN
HER ROOM GATHERING UP VALUABLES, AND WHO WAS FORCED, AT
THE POINT OF A PISTOL, TO ACCOMPANY HIM TO THE STREET.
Will Mine for Phosphates.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 10. — Captain F. C.
Tate and Clarence Dehart of this city,
with a number of chemists and 125 la
borers, will start on the 19th lnst. on
an expedition to an island in the Pa
cific 1000 miles west of the Mexican
coast to mine phosphates. They rep
resent a corporation with headquarters
in London.
SEATTLE, Aug. 10. — The entire re
ceipts accruing from the use of the
Government cable and telegraph lines
in Alaska will be used for the purpose
of extending the system of communica
tion In the north, if Congress indorses
the plan that will be proposed by Gen
eral A. W. Greely, chief officer of the
United States Signal Service at the next
session of the national legislators.
Plans to Extend Government Cable.
At times Leban talks rationally, but
the periods are of short duration. He
says he left here several days ago and
that the Almighty gave him Instruc
tions to strip' himself of his garments
and to walk to his home in "Wisconsin.
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 10.— Dan Le
ban, insane, was taken to the county
jail late last night from "VVasco in a
critical condition from exposure and
exhaustion. He was found lying be
side the track at Elmo station, nine
miles north of Wasco, perfectly nude
and completely exhausted. His body
was severely burned by the intense
heat of the sun. Later on his cloth
ing was discovered beside the track
five miles south of the place where he
was found.
Starts to Walk to His Home In
"Wisconsin.
Strips Himself of Ills Clothing and
EXPOSURE AND EXHAUSTIOX
MAY KILL AN INSANE! MAN
That $3500 snap in Mission property
(2) flnts advertised last Sunday — Sold.
Wide-awake buyers will find equally
Rood lnventments in next Sunday's
Realty Columns, — \u25a0
EVERETT, Wash.. Aug. 10.— Deputy
United States Marshal Gritman. acting
under * the direction of Ur.Jted State 3
District Attorney Frye of Seattle, is
here investigating the telegraphers'
strike rs it affects interstate commerce
and particularly Government business.
Frye Is acting under instructions from
Attorney General W. H. Moody. Two
important Government messages have
been delayed. It Is said — one regarding
the transport Dlx, which was held up
two days, and the other regarding
Government business in Alaska.- The
operators here disavow all responsibil
ity for the delay.
Inquiry Is Started to Ascertain Why
Two Government Messages
Were Delayed.
Dunsmuir women are arming them
selves against the attacks of hoboes.
Yesterday a tramp was caught stealing
In Mrs. G. H. Graham's orchard 'and re
fused to vacate. Mrs. Graham took two
shots at him and slightly wounded him.
He escaped.
REDDING. Aug. 10. — Miss Clara
Scherrer, daughter of the owner of the
electric light plant at Dunsmulr, shot
the big toe of her left foot off yester
day while handling a. pistol preparatory
to- practicing to protect herself from
the insults of hoboes who are infesting
Dunsmuir. The pistol was discharged
accidentally and the ball took off her
toe.
It and the Bullet Cats Off
One of Her Toes.
Dlnchnrses a Plittol While Examining;
UNCLE SAM IXVESTIGATIXG
THE TELEGUAPHERS' STRIKE
YOU>"G LADY ACCIDENTALLY
SHOOTS HERSELF IX FOOT
SAN BERNARDINO. Aug. 10.— Mrs. J.
R. Rodick of Redlands called at a Colton
drug store to-day and asked for strych
nine. The druggist gave her salts, as
he suspected that she contemplated sui
cide. She went to a lodging house near
by and took the salts. Soon afterwards
she hurried to a doctor, saying she was
not ready to die. She had walked from
Redlands here and from this city to Col
fori. Sue was arrested and taken to the
County Hospital for treatment.
RENO, Aug. 10.— The United States
Intends in the near future to : construct
a large irrigation reservoir in Indian Val
ley in Plumas County, California, and
pipe water from that reservoir to the
Sacramento Valley, a distance of eighty
miles. This water will be used for irri
gation alone and will be equally distri
buted among the farmers of that dis
trict- In order to construct this reser
voir the Government will have to
condemn three small farming towns now
in existence, where the reservoir will be
situated. This will throw a large number
of people out of homes, but the Govern
ment will compensate, them, giving them
fertile farming land in other portions
of California or in the State of Nevada.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Gives Her a Dose of Salts
. When, She Asks Him
for Strychnine.
Will Supply the Sacramento
Valley With Water
From Plumas.
DRUGGIST PREVENTS
SUICIDE OF A WOMAN
VENTURA, Aug. 10. — Mrs. C. 11. Pur
cell, the putative wife of the late John
Kelly, who died of a broken heart be
cause of her leaving him a week ago,
returned to this city to-day to examine
the will left by Kelly. Kelly bequeathed
a fortune of $5000 to Vmy wife Ellen
Moran," and to his son by Mrs. Purcell,
The boy is 15 years old.
Mrs. Purcell says that Kelly was
married to a woman named Oates, in
New York. She died and he-- married a
second time, but his wifeieft him. At
that time Mrs. Purcell says she was
only 16 years old and Kelly deceived
her by promising to marry her. She
says that she never heard of a
woman named Ellen Moran. She
charges that Kelly was always cruel,
neglectful and harsh with her, as she
was sick a great deal after the birth of
their boy. She alleges that she earned
most of the money he has willed to El
len Moran and she will enter a contest.
of the Money That In Left to
Another Woman.
Says That She Earned the Greater Part
GOVERNMENT PLANS
BIG IRRIGATION WORK
PUTATIVE WIFE IXTEIVDS
TO CONTEST" KELLY'S WILL
Mordecai was coming to town with his
nephew James Dixon and in crossing a
bridge a loose plunk flew up and caught
in a wheel, frightening the horses. In
attempting to stop them one of the lines
broke and the buggy was overturned.
Mordecai and the boy were thrown out.
The boy escaped unhurt. The buggy
top caught Mordecai and he was dragged
some distance.
MADERA, Aug. 10.— G. W. Mordecai,
former Assemblyman from this district
arid a prominent Democrat and lurcher,
narrowly escaped being killed In a run
away accident this morning. He es
caped with two broken ribs and several
bruises.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 10. — There is a
prisoner in the City Prison serving live
days for drunkenness who claims to be
Thomas Ringllng, one of the firm of
Rlngling Bros., circus men. He was
found drunk in the, bottom of a water-
Ing trough yesterday morning and he
was so tightly wedged in that Detec
tive Pickering w"as compelled to call
several to his aid to extricate him.
He pleaded guilty to drunkenness be
fore City Justice Davison to-day and
was given a sentence of five days to
straighten him up. The prisoner main
tains that he is one of the great show
men, but has made no attempt to prove
his identity and secure his release. The
police doubt his story.
Special Dispatch to Thm Call.
LONG BEACH, Aug. 10. — A quantity
of dynamite was exploded under the
front porch of the residence of City
Marshal J. J. Conklin at an early hour
this morning, demolishing the porch
and damaging the house. Marshal
Conklin. his wife and four children
wero asleep in the house, and consider
their escape from death a narrow one.
\u25a0 The explosion stunned the inmates
of the house for a few minutes. One
of the children was buried beneath a
pile of debris, but only received slight
bruises. Every window In the house
was shattered and glass was broken
several hundrea feet distant. There is
no clew to the identity of the persona
who. attempted to kill the City Marshal
and his family.
Ex - Assemblyman Mordecai
Caught Under an Over
turned Buggy.
FORMER LEGISLATOR
IS BADLY INJURED
Maintains That He Is Well
Known as Part Owner
of a. Circus.
Attempt Is Made to Murder
Family of an Officer at
Long Beach. ,
AUTHORITIES DOUBT
PRISONER'S STORY
DYNAMITE WRECKS
HOME OF MARSHAL
He said there was to be an eruption
of Mount Hood, which should cover the
face of the earth with boiling water.
A swarm of yellow jackets were especi
ally mentioned as having been chosen to
put the finishing touches to such of the
wicked as escaped the cataracts of boil
ing water.
HOOD RIVER, Ore., Aug. 10.— A lurid
glare from a blazing forest last night
led many to believe that the eruption pre
dicted by Daniel II was at hand. A
few of the credulous gathered at the
boat landing early this morning and
crossed to the north bank. Word from
White Salmon yesterday stated that the
white haired prophet, with his little
band of followers, were camped on the
high promontory overlooking Hood Riv
er Valley and Mount Hood. They could
be heard praying half a mile distant.
All day Daniel II stood perched on a
pinnacle, his disciples grouped about him
and the ark ready for the torrent of hot
water that was to engulf the earth and
confuse the wicked.
No other water application of such
magnitude was ever before undertaken in
the Klondike. The big water grants from
Twelve Mile River, made to Acklen peo
ple, call for separate grants of from five
to ten thousand inches aggregating no
more than is asked for by the Palmers in
the present application.
The Palmers want the water In more
than one way. They posted notice of an
application for 3000 Inches of water from
Montana and other creeks of that lo
cality, stating that the water Is wanted
for the Ensel concession on Eureka
Creek. Previous to that they obtained
grants for water on other creeks where
they have holdings or interests.
TACOMA, "Wash., Aug. 10.— A giant wa
ter grant from the Klondike River has
been requested at Dawson by Arthur B.
Palmer and Russell B. Palmer, for oper
ating fifteen claims scattered along the
left limit of Bonanza and £71 Dorado.
This is one of the most important ap
plications ever filed in Yukon, particularly
since it contemplates taking a large share
of water from the Klondike River, the
probable future source of supply of the
contemplated and mucn favored Govern
ment Bystem.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
Sherman was convicted of arson in
Sacramento a few years ago. He nrea
a soap factory there, and on the wit
ness stand said he did it just to see the
firemen run. Incendiarism seems to bo
a mania -with the prisoner, who is a
mere youth. Ke was recently released
from the lone Reform School, and since
his return to Woodland Hres have oc
currod with alarming frequency and
under very suspicious circumstances.
Shorman had been watched for some
time, but until last night had success
fully evaded the otitcers.
WOODLAND. Aug. 10.— Local officers
have reason to believe that they have
in custody the person who has been
starting- numerous fires in Woodland.
Karl Sherman was arrested last night
while in the act of sotting fire to the
barn of J. C. Sparks. Constable Par
ker almost ran over him just as he had
ignited some loose hay. The flames
were extinguished. This followed two
fires earlier in the evening, both or
which were supposed to have been set
by Sherman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Government Is Planning to
Use the Stream Sought
by the Two Petitioners
Records Show That He Was
iii the Eefonu School for
Burning a Soap Factory
Disciples of "Daniel II," the
New Prophet, Spend Their
Nights in Earnest Prayer
NOT HIS FIEST OFFENSE
MAY DENY THE BEQUEST
CAMP ON A PKOMONTORY
Palmer Brothers Make Ap
plication for Big Supply
to Work Claims in Yukon
Constable Arrests Him Just
After He Had Started a
Blaze in a Pile of Hay
Many Persons Mistake Glare
for the First Signs of
Eruption of Mount Hood
YOUNG FIREBUG
LANDS IN JAIL
FOREST FIRE
CAUSES SCARE
GIANT WATER
GRANT ASKED
Improvements by Telephone Company.
. SAN JOSE, -Aug. 10. — The Sunset
Telephone Company will expend $60,000
next month in Improving its system in
this city. Batteries and. transmitters
will be changed^ 1 from individual ' to
those of central energy and the tele
phones in both residences and offices
will be replaced by neater and more
compact Instruments. It isialso the in
tention of the company to rebuild "the
system from San Jose, through May
field and Palo Alto as far as Redwood
CUvs '. £ -•, ,:\u25a0 . ;\u25a0-\u25a0:, . ..- / - •
The Election Commissioners yester
day resumed the official count of the
primary election returns. The returns
of .the Thirty-third.- Thirty-fourth,
Thirty-fifth, .Thirty-sixth, Thirty-sev
enth and Thirty-eighth districts were
counted during the day session and an
adjournment taken until 8 p. m. No
changes were nftted in the day's canvass.
The election officers of the Fifty-ninth
Precinct of the Thirty-seventh District,
the Forty-sixth and Fiftieth of the
Thirty-fifth, the Fifty-sixth of the
Thirty-sixth, the Sixty-sixth and Sixty
ninth of the Thirty-eighth were cited
to appear before the board this after
noon to explain why they did not sign
the returns. : „\u25a0 v
Resumes Official Count.
\u25a0 REDDING, ; Aug.^io.-r-While arrang
ins blocks on. top of a pile In the driver j
£t the Redding, sawmill to-day George I
•Uren.'an employe «of the company,.; was !
pinned to the end of the. <tO-foot; ladder j
on which he. was standing by > : the I
schrive wheel. »,' In ;_ some unexplained \u25a0>
manner the hamnier. in ; the 'piled river j
pulled the wheel; over against Uren's i
left shoulder, breaklngfthe bones.: The !
cable from, the' wheel £ wound/.- around'-j
his body , and all> that fsa'ved 5 the man
from being cuti iniitwaln was; the. timely
action of the 'engineer, in stopping the
\u25a0< .\u25a0 • t~i,..> .- . \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0>.. : :>,..-v,
Narrowly Escapes: Being; Killed.
Duke l£ft Kalama yesterday morning
for the camp of the. Kalama Boom
Company. After reaching I ' the woods
he drew the razor and began slashing.
. TACOMA,- Aug. 10.— J." W.. Duke of
Portland, for several years an • O. R.
and N.. clerk, 1b lying, in a precarious
condition at Kalama; ; with 'his wind
pipe ;half severed and-his .throat and
wrist gashed, as the';fesult of an at
tempt to commit suicide on the road
near Kalama last night. Duke says
he suddenly drew a razor and slashed
himself through an impulse. It is
thought he had* been meditating the
deed for. some time. In fact, he had
been sent by Portland friends to the
woods to give him an opportunity to
get over his despondency.
J. W. Duke of Portland Attempts to
Commit Suicide While Traveling
on, the Road Near. Kalama.
DESPONDENT' CLERK SLASHES
HIS WINDPIPE WITH A RAZOR
The executive committee of the San
Francisco Republican League met last;
night at headquarters, 636 Market street,
and conferred with leaders representing
the successful league delegations. The
committee received positive and absolute
assurance that every league delegation is
anti-Ruef from start to finish and that
there is not the slightest sign of weak
ness in any part of the line. The -boast
of the grafters that Ruef will be able to
poll down a delegate here and there is
absurd and nonsensical. The facts are ,
that Ruef cannot hold his. own forces In :
line. The Lynch-Kelly delegation of the ;
Twenty-eighth District has already re- I
jected the Ruef programme. In the j
Thirty-third District Ruef loses one vote j
and the anti-Ruef column gains one. ' '
There is not the slightest doubt at Re- j
publican headquarters that the league j
delegations will organize the convention, !
elect the chairman and other officers,- i
select a straightforward, firm and uncom
promising anti-Ruef man for Mayor, and
also select the new County Committee.
Ruef's gang Is already in process of dis
integration. Indications are that his pro
gramme will not receive the open or un
der-coyer Indorsement of 100 delegates.
It is an open question whether the fraud
ulently elected delegations from the
Thirty-second and Thirty-ninth districts
will be seated. At the proper time the i
convention will render a decision in this j
respect. •
In the Thirty-eighth District Byron
Mauzy and J. J. Sullivan were elected
delegates on the league ticket, but their
names were not printed on the tally I
sheets and in some precincts ballots cast I
in their favor were not tallied to their
credit. The error is one that the Election
Commissioners will probably rectify.
Fairfax H. Wheelan, John Lackmann,
David Rich. R. J. Welch, E. J. Bowes,
Daniel A. Ryan and John D. Daly at- '
tended the meeting of the executive com
mittte last night. Supervisor Eggers of
the Thirty-sixth, Jesse E. Marks and Ed
ward Kelly of the Fortieth, CaTy Van
Fleet of the Forty-second, Senator Wolfe
of the Thirty-eighth and other active Re
publicans were at party headquarters.
The 1 executive committee will hold
another session to-morrow night.
Commissioner Scharp said he would
commit the man to the Almshouse. tem
porarily at least.
"May I get my trunk?" Rapelee asked.
He was given permission, ! and for the
first time in the history of West Chester
Almshouse, It received an inmate who
came with a trunk.
"Yes, sir, I most emphatically do. I
want to keep my self-respect and do not
wish to be dependent on relatives or
friends. As I have paid taxes all my life,
I think that now when I have no more
money, it is the duty of the community
to care for me."
Asked how he came to lose his money,
Rapelee said he formerly had been at the
head of a brokerage house in this city,
made a comfortable fortune and retired.
For a time he lived at the best hotels, but
gradually encroached on his capital and
slowly receded to cheaper quarters. The
Income from his funds was insufficient
even then and during the past fifteen
years his capital slowly dwindled until
yesterday only seven cents remained.
When he figured years ago' on always be
ing'in good circumstances, Rapelee said
he never dreamed of living to pass the
four score mark, so his calculations went
far amiss. For two months he has been
living in a boarding-house In New
Rochclle. but yesterday he was told he
would have to move as he was a week
behind in his rent.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— Wearing patent
leather shoes, a slightly frayed frock coat
and a high hat which was a bit rusty, J.
T. Rapelee, a retired broker, 82 years of
age, applied yesterday to the Commis
sioner of Charities in New Kochelle for
commitment to the Almshouse. Struck
by the unusual air of dignity and refine
ment, the commissioner asked the aged
applicant to tell his story.
"You don't really mean that you want
to go to the poorhouse?" the commission
er queried.
Once Wealthy Man Goes .to
Almshouse After Spending
All Money He Had Saved
Xot the Siglitest Indication
of Weakness in League
Delegation to Convention
RUINED BECAUSE
OF GOOD HEALTH
FIRM AS ROCK
AGAINST RUEF
"All of the jewelry he gathered was
lying on nay dresser in a pile and I sup
pose he was searching for money before
making away with the plunder."
L. Jonas gives practically the same
version of the story as told by his sis
ter and yesterday afternoon he sent for
a physician to attend to her. She was
denied callers late in the day, and the
doctor fears tha nervousness caused by
the affair may result ferlously.
"Oh: The cold chills run down my
back when I think of that horrid gun.
It was pointed right at my head. It was
bo big, and I dared not look around be
cause he appeared a dangerous man. I
heard scurrying feet and saw my burg
lar sprinting along Webster street leav
ing me alone. I went back to the house
and then hurried out to tell the neigh
bors of the affair, but no one seems to
have witnessed the Incident.
"I hurried forward and encountered a
young, well-dressed fellow, wearing a
sack suit and derby hat. He was hiding
In the closet. Before I could question him
as to his right in the house he appeared
with a revolver and ordered me ahead
of him into the street. I was frightened
nearly to a faint. Attempting to scream
when I reached the street. I was unable
to do so, but hurried to the corner with
the robber at my heels and his revolver
at my ear. Afterward I did scream
awfully.
"I went out to a bakery on Post and
L*aguna streets between 3 and 3:30 Wed
nesday." said Miss Jonas as she lay pros
trated, "and distinctly remember locking
the door after me, so you can imagine
my surprise when, on returning, it was
partly open. I thought, at first, father
had returned from his walk, so was not
alarmed, but I bcame alarmed when 1
saw the shadow of a man flit Into my
room.
With Miffs Jonas reside L.. Jonas, a
brother who is a tailor at S2 Third street,
and S. Jonas, her aged father, who made
considerable money in the earfy trade of
San Francisco. None of them were in
the house at the time the burglar is said
to have entered the rooms.
Firemen belonging to Chemical 2, at
1819 Post street, were in front of the
building all afternoon and saw noth
ing of the intruder. The course Miss
Jnnas described as the one the intruder
traversed in his flight would neces
sarily take him by the flrehouse. None
of the others living in the vicinity re
member hearing screams of the woman.
After her scare had partly abated
Miss Jonas informed the police of the
alleged crime, but the efforts of Detec
tive Cottle were unrewarded and the
burglar still remains at large.
On returning from a visit to a
bakery in the vicinity Wednesday
afternoon, says Miss Lena Jonas, a
woman of 35 years, who lives with her
brother and aged father, she encoun
tered a daring burglar In her apart
ments and was forced to walk out of
the house at the point of a revolver,
while he made good his escape. She
avers a pile of the family jewelry was
collected by the thief and left on the
dresser in her room, he being fright
ened into forgetting the booty.
Although many of the neighbors and
residents on the street were in sight
of the Jonas home at the time the af
fair is said to have occurred, no one
has been found who saw the screaming
woman run from the house or the bur
glar sprinjing down the Ftreet. J. N.
Bean, sexton of the Plymouth Congre
gational Church, was standing in front
of the church, next to 1778 Post street,
between 3 and 3:30 o'clock, but he
saw no one leaving the place.
Frightened until she is sick abed,
Miss Lena Jonas told yesterday a re
markable tale of a daylight burglary
which look place in her apartments at
1778 Post street Wednesday afternoon,
when she was driven from the house by
an intruder, who had a pistol, and who
told her not to scream or she would
be killed.
Criminal Escapes
and the Victim
Collapses.
LEAVES JEWELS
IN HIS HURRY
Miss Lena Jonas
Has Daylight
Encounter.
ARMED BURGLAR CHASES
WOMAN FROME HOME.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY.. AUGUST 11, 1905.
4
DR. , PIERXrErS^REMEDIES.
A rich man died the other day. Ho died
hi the very midsummer of life, and he left
his family 11,000,000. The doctor's certiti-
cate showed that
death resulted
from typhoid
jf " ~ TV fever. The doctor
V- laan was a suicide.
x&z^q£g& eHc H Heo ce n hh 8 ??t 8 ut 8 fe dI ?
l^S*£ r 5 «° uld ha*« Pulled
%W * 2 fl him through if his
/I. „">*• 4tt % H stomach had been
f*~=»ag^^^g sound. But he
*^--S^ ruined his stomach
H^, by hasty meals,
« _# ZT, * snatched in inter-
vals of business and by neglect of gvmp-
toms which have been warning him a
year past, that his stomach was failing
In Its duties."
The symptoms of a disordered stomach
are, among others, variable appetite, sour
risings, heartburn, undue fullness after
eating, dull headache, dingy complexion,
discolored eye, fluctuations Jn physical
strength, nervousness, sleeplessness de-
pondency. No r/erson will have all these
symptoms at once.
The restoration of the stomach to found
health, begins with the first dose of Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery The
cure progresses until the functions of the
stomach are In healthy operation. Then
the nerves are quiet and strong, the ap-
petite healthful, the sleep restful, the eye
bright, the complexion clear.
"Please accept my thanks for the benefit
which my child received from your medi-
cine." writes Mre. W. A. Morgan, of Blllca.
Ho. "He bad been troubled for nearly a
year with liver complaint, indigestion and
constipation. I rave him rour 'Golden
Medical Discovery' and 'Pleasant Pellets,'
and they did him treat pood. I rare him
the 'Discovery 1 about eight months, and
•ereral rials of the ' Pellet*.* He seems to
be perfectly well now."
If you want a cure accept no substitute
for "Gold«n Medical Discovery."
JfAi-^, These ORIGINAL Little Liver
VJSSa 5" I**1 ** flrst Pnt up by old Dr.
VcVVe\» ?• v - Pierce over 40 rears a«ro.
have been merch imitated but
never equaled. They're made of purely veg-
etable, concentrated and refined medicinal
principles, extracted from native American
rooteand plant*. They speedily relieve and
cure foul, torpid and deranged Btom&chs.
Uver* and Bowels and their attendant dis-
tressful ailments. One or two a laxatir*.
"»•** or four a e»Xfe«_rtic v : • J
"iSOH^^vS 1 AND,
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OP THS
WEST.
24 Post St. Saa Francisco, Cat
Eetab. 42 year*. Open entire year, day & nljUt.
Write for clr-'Wr* C>*C
POLYTECHNIC
Business College and School of En«l.
neerf as, Oakland, California).
Great Business University of tha West; finest
building in U. 8. for business college work; 1000
students; ideal climate; borne influences: 104
Typing Machines. Pitman or Gregg Shorthand.
Finest Banking Offices in America— Modera.
Tuition, board and all expenses low.
Graduates secure best paying positions.
Civil. Electrical. Mining Engineering.
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE,.
OAKLAND, CAL.
Will re-open for Use FaH Semester on MOX-
DAT. September 4. 1903. The College- of Com-
merce will be Inaugurated on September 3.
Send for 1905 catalogue. Pnone Main 124.
BROTHER VELLESIAX. President.
Mills College and Seminary
CONFERS DEGREES ANI> GRANTS DIPLO-
MAS?.
Seminary course accredited t» the univer*it!#»
and. leading Eastern colleges; rare opportunities
offered in music, art ana elocution. Thirty*
ninth year. Fall term opens Wednesday, Au-
gust 16. 1005. Write for catalogue to
MRS. C. T. MILLS. PRESIDENT.
MILLS COLLEGE P. P.. CAL,
Every graduate of this college, and
many taking only partial courses,
have good positions. We can get
places for 500 this year. You can b«
one of them. Write for Cata-
logue "A."
San Francisco Business College
73S Mission Street, San Francisco.
YON MEYERINCK U n &c
Established 1595.
841 Fulton St- San Francisco
Offers all the advantages of European and
Eastern conservatories for a thorough mu-
sical education. Pupils prepared for church
and concert wcrk and the operatic stage.
Special Summer Courne for Teacherm.
ProSDectu» upon application.
UNIVERSITY SCHOOL
157.1. GEORGE BATES. M. A.. Fndr. 11>O5.
College Preparatory Conr«e» for llo««
of AH .tee*.
Fall term opens August 2X. Catalogue by
mail. ARTHUR C. WILLARD. S. 8.. prin-
cipal. 2310 Clay st.. San Franotsco.
[ HM/VXLIIN SCHQQ |
ASD VAN NES3 SEMIJIiaY.
1*49 Jackson st. S. F. Boarding and Day
Scßool for Girls. Accredited by the leading
colleges and universities. Special attention
given to music. Reopens Tu«"S'iay, August 3,
1905. SARAH D. UAMLIN. Principal.
THE LYCEUM
An accredited preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law _ and _ medical collfses; is well
known for its careful and thorough work. Com*
and be with tis; we prepare you well; refer-
ences. Professor Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor. Phelan buildinx.
L. H. GKAI'. Ph.D.. Principal.
E ! "r4/Y""S /"S BI:SIXE:ss COLLEGE,
i? \1 1 & "uCS 72S Market street. San
\u25a0Ift A J^ f£V\ Francisco - Strongest
KAof if R?«k Courses. Lowest Rate*.
MIS M tIVU Every stmlent pleased.
I*%iLf' " * *S -* Positions for all. Busi-
ness. Shorthand. Typewriting. Write to-day
fcr new catalogue — FREE.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for young ladl«s
and little girls. 2128 California street. Will
reopen August 7. 1903. Accredited by ths
universities.
MRS. EDWARD B. CHT7RCH. Principal.
Santa Clara College
Santa Clara. Cal. ,
Studies will be resumed August 30. All tba j
pupils are directed to be present at noon nym
latest. R. A. GLEASON*. S. J.. President.
DIXON COLLEGE, Oakland. Cat. «
An up-to-date commercial school that taaca««
actual business from the start and gets ranults.
Write for catalogue "A." First five from eaclt
county answering this ad will receive on-j
dozen cards written by our penmen.
Miss West's School for Girls,
2014 Van Ness avenue, opens August 18. 190 CL*
Home and Day School: Kindergarten; accred*
ited by leading colleges.
MARY B. WEST. Principal.
tone's University School for Bop
BERKELEY. CALIF.
Commences Its twenty-flfth year Mon-
day, August the 7th. '
ANDERSON ACADEMY
•IRVLYGTON. CALIFORNIA.
UNSURPASSED.
TERM BEGINS AUGUST IS.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Prfactpai.
S. MARGARET'S HALL
Full Academic and College Preparatory
Courses, as well as thorough Primary Instruw
Ucn. * Music under the direction of Masters.
Fcr full Illustrated book addreas Mis» ELEA-
SOR TTSBF.KTTS. Principal. San Mafo. CaL
Hitchcock Military Academy
SAN RAFAEL.
Christmas term will commence Angust 13^
fe&UNT TAMALPAiS MILITARY ACADEMY,
BAN RAFAEL. CAL.
School Tear Begtna August 16th. »
Junior School Separata.
ARTHUR CROSBY. P. P.. H»-ad Ma*t«r.
HARKE£-HUGHES SCHOOL
FOR GIRLS AT PALO ALTO.
College preparatory. Pleasant home life.
Mustc education under a pupil of Caivln U.
Cady. Accredited to Vasuar and Weileslay.
Opens August 21. 1003. 1121 Bryant Street.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL
Ean Mateo. Cal. Trinity term wtll begin Aug.
17. 19O&. For catalogue address Rev. William
A. Brewer. A. B.« Rector and Headmaster.
BEAULIEU
A boarding and day acnool for girls; number
limited; 11th year. 2601 College aye.. Berkeley.
COLLEGE OF XOTRE DAME.
SAN JOSK. CAL. E.tciusiveiy for boarding
students. Fifty-fourth year. Courses: Class-
ical. Literary. Scientific. Conservatory. Colles*
preparatory accredited. Intermediate and Pri-
mary Classes. Studies r«surr.«d Thursday. Au-
gust 17. 1903.
THE PAUL GEUSON SCHOOL OF
ACTI.YG— The largest Institution devot-
ed exclusively tv Umnutitc iearn:n^ In Amer-
ica. POSITIONS UL'ARaNTEKD. Pupil*
may enter any time. Send for catalogue. Na-
tl»« Rnn< huildlns.
GH B J\ R f*\ ' Ammunition. Hunting um'J
I S S*l \L" Sport'ni; UooJs. Laruw^
a E |Twj stock. Lowest prices. Sena
%0 I IB SHREVE & BARBER CO..
730 Market St.. aad S2X
Keamy st.
Jp§| Physicians Ad vis©
Bfcjj[ convalescents and all who need Strength and
Sllijl Health to take the ideal Food Drink,
Jfffll pJ*tt £USER ~BUSC//>~ B USC//>
[gffiy}fflj^P^BßJ] For it contains the great building and health
lEt^^y.j^^^yl producing properties the system demands.
ET\\ a™ '"^Sh/Tn; That's why the most successful doctors prescribe
p'3»BS§^^£;N Malt-Nutrine in their practice— that s why their
KIK^K/'^S patients recover so quickly and so surely. .
r Malt-Nutrine is the perfect, predigested food in liquid form.
fflS|l!p^^^^^|^ Sold by aII drt5 SS: ists and grocers.
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
; ;*vV St. Louis, U. S. A. \ .WAVERLT. N. • V., Aug. 10.—Presi
dent Roosevelt arrived here on his spe
cial' train' en route to Chautauqua !at
9:15 p.m. Here his train was trans*"
f erred from the Lehigh Valley Railroad
tothe Erie Railroad, and will proceed
over the lines Jof the : latter to Xake
wood/ N. Y.,", whence; the President will
go-by' trolley line to Chautauqua. "
The" President and ; members of his
party \will be. the guests at breakfast
\u2666o-morrow.of : the board of trustees 'of
the- Chautauqua \u25a0Assembly.. '
The flrst ; stop. made by the President
after, leaving Pittston" this I evening was
at Sayre, Pa., where the President
briefly addresse_d: a large crowd as
sembled at the station. He was given
an enthusiastic greeting. The Presi
dent delivered a brief speech at East^
Waverly,,N.-;,Y.,' where a: stop of --. five
minutes: was ? made. ;.The , special i train
will arrive at Lake wood to-morrow at
2 a. m.^
President j Enthu«la»tlcally Greeted on
\u25a0.' - Trip (rom Wilknbarre,
ON- WAY TO; CHAUTAUQUA.
The historic borough of Wyoming,
where 'the Wyoming monument i stands . in
memory of those who 'were killed by To
ries or massacred by Indians in 1773, " was
reached at 6:10 p. m. Nearly all the
, In Dorancetown and Fortyfort the road
side , was lined with mine-workers and
their families from\ the mountainside.
As in Wilkesbarre, his reception was one
of the most enthusiastic character.
WILKESBARRE. Aug. 10.— After the
Presidential party had visited the 'city,
the President was driven across the Bus
cuehanna to the west shore and the trip
to the "Wyoming monument was begun
There was a large , crowd assembled at
the Wyoming Seminary . at Kingston
which cheered as he >: passed. Farther
down the road the President was greeted
by 200 of the little boys and girls con
nected with St. 'lgnatius Church, singing.
A halt was made here and several little
girls went to the President's carriage
with huge bunches of flowers; which
the President accepted, in a few happy
remarks. - ' v
Acroas the River.
President Inapecta the HUtorlc Spot
VISITS WYOMING MOWUMEXT.
Father Curran was the first 6j>eaker.
He said:
This ls th* Crtt instance that a. President
t>f tha United Stales has . ever •visited our
City, but V.ilkesbarre cou:<i well aiford to have
Widtei a. hundred years for the visit of a
President euch aa we have with us to-d&y, fcr
cf hinv, more than of any other citizen since
the SmxnorteJ "Washington, can It be truly
caid th&t he la "first ln war, first ln peace
«jid first in the hearts cf hla countrymen."
Theodore Roosevelt Is not only on th« crest
of the V-&.Y* o* eoclal and political reform; he
is the very force that eets that wave ln mo
tion and will keep it going until It shall have
o\\ept the country frora ocean to ocean and
restore tha eQulllbriam that fcaa been no badly
CSy&rreiiyed ty corrupted and corrupting clti
cer-s. The Catholic Total Abstinence Unlcn
Of America, is with him ln his patriotic and
Christian onslaught against social and poMticai
school children of ( the borough were lined
up singing the national anthem as the
President and party entered th© grounds
surrounding the monument. Turning to
the : assemblage of children, he spoke
briefly, thanking th© children for coming
out to greet him and hoping they would
grow ud to be good Americans.
Mr. Roosevelt then: walked around the
monument, reading all the inscriptions.
" The hour was growing late" and it was
decided not to drive back to Wilkesbarre,
but Instead to go to Pittston, six miles
farther north, where, the party could
board the special train. The party drove
rapidly through Exeter and West Pitts
ton and across the river to Pittston.
The people. of these places did not know
the President was among them until
they heard the clatter of the horses.
They recognized him as h© rapidly, drove
past. The President bowed cordially to
the surprised. citizens, who promptly ac
knowledged the greeting. The President
reached the Lehigh Valley station In
Pittston. at 7 o'clock. The news that he
was In town Bsread with rapidity and In
less than ten minutes a thousand persons
wer© about the station. President Roose
velt expressed himself as greatly pleased
with his. visit '
Court Orders Nonsuit ln Clark Case.
TACOMA, Aug. 10. — The nonsuit
granted by. Judge Hanf ord of the Su
perior Court ln th© suit here of Sena
tor Clark of* Montana against Nelson
Bennett of Tacoma for $104,000 opened
the way for a counter demand by'Ben
\u25a0nett, from Clark for an accounting
which might result in a claim for
some $250,000. This was also non
suited by Judge Hanford.
Ever coniitdered the splendid car ser
vice, climatic advantages -of the Rich
mond District? Exceptional offer* to
home-seekers In , Sunday's Real Estat*
columns. -
MOKELUMNE HIIX, Aug. 10.— Th©
town of Fosteria was partly destroyed
by fire early this 'morning. The fire
originated in the Paloma Hotel, owned
by Schrag & McSorley and leased to J.
Palmer. Mrs. Palmer was opening a
refrigerator when the top struck a
lamp in her hand and caused It to ex
plode. Th© following buildings wera
destroyed: Th© Paloma Hotel, the Pitto
Saloon, the Carmelo Saloon, a black
smith shop, Late's general merchandise
store, Stocker's saloon and Green's bar
ber shop. Th© loss will amount to
about $25,000."
Hotel and Several Buildings
Adjoining It Are Ee
duced to Ashes.
TOWN OF FOSTEEIA
IS VISITED BY FIRE
WAEEANTS ISSUED
FOE BANK OFFICIALS
TWO ENGINES SINK
IN BOTTOMLESS PIT
Strange Problem Presented
on the Pine Bush Branch
of the Eoad.
Sworn Out by Depositor
of a Collapsed Denver
Concern.
MIDDLETOWN. N. T., Aug. 10.—Ef
forts to recover two locomotives whloh
sank yesterday ln what ls known as
the "Bottomless Pit" on the Pine^Bush
branch of th© Erie Railroad have thus
far failed. The branch line ls tem
porarily, out of business and & track ls
being constructed around tha moras3.
The sinking of .the roadbed at this
time. -when there has been practically
no rain for six months, accentuates
the mystery of the spot. When th©
road ,was built thousands of carloads of
trees, rocks and dirt were dumped Into
make a roadbed, but in a few months
the tracks and all disappeared and re
building was necessary. It ls said tha
bones of a mastodon wer© dug up dur
ing th© early operations there.
Dinlns Car Jumps the Track.
REDDING, Aug. 10<— The dining car
on the southbound California Express
this morning Jumped tha track ln the
yards at Delta. The track was torn up
for a distance of fifty feet and the train
was delayed for two hours. No one was
hurt.
DENVER, Aug. 10.— Warrants trera
sworn out before the District, Attorney
this afternoon against four officials and
one clerk of the Western Bank, which
closed Its doors on Tuesday. The men
are charged with violating section 222 of
the Colorado statutes by receiving de
posits when they knew the bank waa in
solvent. This 13 a felony under ths Colo
rado law.
The warrant was sworn to by Elmer
McColley, who said he deposited $123 with
the Westers Bank on Monday afternoon.
The warrants were served on all but on©
of the persons named and arrangements
wer© made to provide bonds for each in
the sum of 510,000.
The men arrested are President "W. D.
Brown. Cashier D. P. Blalre. Assistant
Cashier Beatty and Clerk Mark Postlfe
waite. Beatty Is now assignee of tha
bank.
The "run" on the Denver Savings
Bank, which was begun on Tuesday,
continued to-day with diminishing fore©
and the crisis appears to have passed.
Application for the appointment of a re
ceiver for the Western Bank was made
to-day ln tha Circuit Court by attorneys
representing depositors.
The question as to whether plumbers
or painters; had the right to paint
radiators was decided ln favor of the
painters.
Resolved. That every labor organization in
this country be requested to accord their un
qualified support to this action to the
that American workmen, organized and /un
organized, pledge themselves not to use any
product Imported from China nor to, by con
sumption or otherwise, help the sale of euch
products ln this country: but to the contrary,
discourage , the sale and use of any and all
commodities or products imported from China,
Resolved, That, every labor, organization in
the United States be furnished with a copy
of these resolutions, with the request that this
action be -concurred ln and the unqualified sup
port of all their affiliating members be had.
Resolved,- That these resolutions be spread
upon the minutes of this council and a copy
sent to the President of the United States and
to the Secretary, of . the Department of-Com
merce and Labor. ; . . ,• •
Resolved, That It ia the sense of this Build
ing Trades Council that labor, organized and
unorganized, throughout this country voice
their sentiments in praise of the administra
tion of the Immigration Department prior to
the Issuance of the President's recent order;
that the issuance of the said order be de
plored as a move In conflict with the ex
pressed wish of the people.
Kesolved. That the President of the United
States te respectfully requested to make a
thorough investigation of the conduct of the
said officials to the end that it be known that
prior to the Issuance of the recent order
the exclusion law has been faithfully 'enforced
in the face of the strongest opposition of those
Interested ln the Importation of Chinese labort
. Resolved, That the action of th* Chinese
Government in' boycotting American products
as a means of accomplishing the abrogation of
the exclusion law be condemned, and as a re
taliatory measure ba It .
The Building Trades Council last
night adopted resolutions condemning
modifications of the Chinese exclusion
law. The resolutions recommend meet
ing the Chinese boycott ot\ American
goods with a counter boycott of Chi
nese goods. Following are the resolu
tions in part: • . :-
RESOLVE TO BOYCOTT
ALL CHINESE GOODS
Before the train came to a full stop at
YVilkesharre a great shout went up from
Th' t.j. nnous crowd assembled at the sta
tion, which increased 'ntb a roar as the
P:< Eldest stepped from the train. The
crcv.d was great that the police had
much difficulty in keeping the enthusl-
BSlic multitude behind the ropes that had
been stretched about the station. The
President was met by a local reception
committee, which included Father Cur
ran and John Mitchell.
The streets along the route to the
speakers* stand wt-re lined with a solid
nnuss cf people. Many of them had been
sianding et favorable places for hours.
The President's reception as he was
driven over the route was a tremendous
one. The President appeared to be ex
tremely pleased at the demonstration and
Icept bowing to the righi and left. The
crowd at the speakers' stand was greater
than that which greeted the President at
the station, end the demonstration was so
noisy that it took several minutes to Quiet
the enthusiaf m and permit the exercises
to besin.
FATHER CIRRAX SPEAKS.
On the trio from Jersey City to this
city only a few stops were made, et each
of which the President made brief re
mark*.
GIVES' nOUSIXG GREETIXG.
The President arrived at 3 o'clock
end was driven directly to the speakers'
stand, on the common. Besides the
President, those v.-ho spoke were Car
dinal Gibbons, Mayor Kirkendale of this
city, John Mitchell, president of the
iliac Workers, and Father Curran.
Cardinal Gibbons and Mitchell, as
well as Mayor Weaver of Philadelphia,
who was on the speakers' platform but
did not speak, were each given an en
thusiastic greeting. After the ever
ciscs on the common had ended, the
President was driven about the city.
then to the Wyoming monument and
trom there to Pittston. about eleven
miles north of here, where he boarded
his special train and left for Chau
tauqua.
Wiikesbarre was dressed for the oc
casion. Tiiere was scarcely a building
ln the business portion of the city or
c house along the route over which the
President drove that did not display the
national colors. The greatest crowd
that the city ever had withia its con-
Jines was present and it is estimated
that the visitors numbered upward of
200,000.
WILKESBARRE, Pa_ Aus. 10. — The
President of the United States came
bore to-day and made an address to the
delegates attending the annual con
vention of ti.e Catholic Abstinence
Villon of America and the members of
the United Mine Workers of America.
lie was given a most enthusiastic re
ception. In fact the entire trip
through New Jersey and Pennsylvania
to this city was a series of ovations.
Every station along the iine fom Jersey
City was decorated with flags and
banting, and the crowds at the stations
cheered the President heartily. The
greatest ovation was in th* Wyoming
valley, where the President spent four
very busy hours. The entire valley
took on a holiday aspect. Mr Roose
velt was in fine humor and enjoyed the
day as much as. the most enthusiastic
tuial*a.bstuiner or mine worker.
Cardinal Gibbons followed. He said:
Mr. President, Friends and Fellow-Citi
zens: I am sure that you are profoundly
grateful to the President of trie United States
for his presence in Wilkesbarre on this solemn
and auspicious occasion and your gratitude is
emphasized by the consideration that his vl<?lt
to you Is made at a time when he ls en
grossed by the cares of state, and has grave
foreign relations to engage his attention
He has held out the olivo branches to two
great nations of the earth, he Is discharging
th-e blessed office of peacemaker and he brings
the olive branch of peace and good win to
you. I have no doubt that his visit will be
a potent factor In cementing the good rela
tions between you and your employers
Before the advent of Christ, manual labor
was degrading. Our blessed Savior cam« to
blot out the primeval curse that had been
pronounced u D on it. Ever since he- labored
*Z i^^rV 1 ln the car P« nter "hop, \u25a0he has
shed a halo around the brow of the • wmrir
ingman. He has sanctified labor. If the of
nee of a President is ennobled by the ex
ample of a Washington and a Lincoln- if the
office of a Jurist J 8 ennobled by the example
of a Marshall and a Taney; if the function
of a. statesman Is ennobled by the example of
a Burke and a Webster, surely theriuiinir
of a mechanic and a workman is sanctified by
the example of Jesus Christ. y
In 1835 De Tocquevllle, a ' dlstlneu!«>>»H
French writer, published a work embodying his
observations on the United States Tn which
he pays a beautiful tribute to our economic
Institutions and the respect In which labor is
held in this country. He says that ln ourland
every honest employment ls honorable This
is a proper conception of the dignity of 1a
bor. The President's mission will be far reach
Ing in its beneficent influence if he strength
ens hep the good relation between the employ
er and the. employed.. There should be no
conflict betwen labor and -capital. Th<?y should
be united and inseparable. ="uuia
CARDIXAL, GIBBOXS SPEAKS.
I believe in the work of these great temper
ance organizations, of all kindred movements
nice the loung Men's and Young Women's
Christian associations, in short in every move
ment which strives to help a man by teach
ing him how to help himself. But most of all
I believe In the efficacy of the man himself
striving continually to increase his own self
respect by the way in which he tioes his
duty to himself and to his neighbor
AGEXCIES WORKIXG FOR GOOD.
Now. in what Is here written this priest
does not mean that the tendency is to grow
worse; but he means that with shorter hours
and increased wag«s there is a tendency to go
wrong which must be offset by movements
such a* this great temperance movement and
similar efforts for social and civic betterment
or else the increase In leisure and money
will prove a curse instead of a blessing I
strive never to tell any one what I do "not
thoroughly believe, and I shall not say to
you that to be honest, and temperate and
hard working, and thrifty will always bring
success.
The hand of the Lord is sometimes heavy
upon the Just as well as upon the unjust, and
in the life of labor and effort which we must
Im?. °k S v anh U . ls not alw ays possible
either by work, by wisdom, or by upright be
havior toward off disaster. But it is most
emphatically true that the chance for lead-
Ing a happy and prosperous lite ls immensely
l™?"*.^ lf only the man ts decent, sober,
industrious atid exercises foresight and Judg
ment. Let him remember above all that the
performance of duty ls the rlrst esesntial to
age family life ls the corner-stone of national
happiness and greatness. No man can be a
good citizen, can deserve the respect of his
fellows, unless first of all he ls a good
man in his own family, unless he does his
duty faithfully by his wife and children
I strongly believe in trades unions wisely
and Justly handled. In which the rightful pur
pose to benefit thoso connected with them ls
not accomrwinied by a desire to do Injustice
or wrong to others. I believe in the duty
of capitalist and wage-;worker to try to seek
one anfther out. to understand each the other's
point of view, and to endeavor to show broad
and kindly human sympathy one with tha
otner.
"There is one discouraging feature con
n«cted with the upward tendency of the wage
scale among tha workmen of this country.
The higher the wages, the more money they
spend In saloons. The shorter the hours, the
more they are inclined to absent themselves
from home. An apparent disregard for family
ties is growing among the poorer classes, which
will e\entually lead to a disregard for the
blessings our country affords them. Hence,
with an Increase of wages a corresponding
movement for better manhood, nobler citizen
ship and truer Christianity should be set on
foot. The dignity of labor should be main
tained, which can be done only through tha
love that a man should have for his work,
and through the intelligence which he puts
Into it. A steady hand and sober mirid are
necessary for this. Hence, the necessity of
the temperance cause and of the efforts which
organized abstainers are putting into the
movement."
Now. my friends, I want to read you- as
extract from a letter I have Just received
from a Catholic priest whom 1 know well
and whom I know to bo as stanch a friend
of the laboring man aa there is to be found
in this country. Now and then— not too
often— lt is a good thing for all of us to hear
what Is not perhaps altogether palatable, pro
vided only that the person who tells the truth
is our genuine friend, knows what he is talk
ing about (even though he may not see all
sides of the case), and tells us what he has
to say, not with a desire to hurt our feelings,
but with the transparent purpose to do us
good. With this foreword, here is a part of
the letter:
"I would humbly recommend that you lend
your entire weight to the cause which the
Catholic Total Abstinence Union of America
represents, and especially so In its relation to
the working classes of this country, for whom
It is doing so much good. You know that the
temperance movement is a potent auxiliary to
the institutions of our country in building up
a better manhood and a truer Christianity
among our citizens. It played a very Im
portant part in the two coal strikes of 1900
and IJJOa, respectively, by keeping the men
sober, and thus removing the danger of riot
ous aiid unbecoming conduct.
PROSPEUITV BRINGS DANGERS.
to the capitalist as to the wage-worker.
And as one practical point, let me urge that
in the event of any difficulty, especially if It
is what is known as a labor trouble, both
."ides show themselves willing to meet, will
ing to consult and anxious each to treat the
other reasonably and fainy, each to look at
the other's eide of the case and to do the
other justice. If only mis course could be
generally followed, the chance of Industrial
disaster would be minimized. ' :, v.
j enemies of our country. - -
' The very aim of our organized existence
• 1' the upbuilding of th« home and the re'orma-
I tlon cf morars. A good citizen was n?ver
j made by a glass of -whisky, nor a bad one by
the to:al abstinence pledge. We want a
j conscience to back the laws and a chlUlike
. submission to State and Federal authorlty
I while enforcing thore laws. The love of God
; mii the lathtrland must be the guiding star
> of American citizenship if our glorious re
j public Is to endure unto the final generation.
In behalf of l<X>.ooo Catholic total abstainers
of our national union 1 bid welcome to Presi
; dent Roosevelt. God bless him and spare him
! to his family and country for many jears to
I come, and may the efforts that he i.-< now
! putting forth for the restoration of peace be«
! tueen the two warring nations of the Ea6t
j be crovned with ultimate success and bring
i glory to cur netlon and an everlasting reward
i to our President.
AIIDRESS OF MITCHELL,.
j President Mitchell of the mine workers
I introduced the President in the following
speech:
: Speaking lor the anthracite coal miners, I
! take great pleasure in supplementing and em
phasizing the greeting and welcome extended
to the i-reeid^nt of the United States on be
hal* of the temperance societies and the muni
i clpal government of Wilkeabarre. It is not
often that the Chief Executive of a. great na
tlcn has found the time or yielded to the in
clination to honor by his presence and to par
ticipate in a meeting uiider the auspices of tha
men who are living by the performance ot
manual labur.
The visit of President Roosevelt to the coal
fields of Pennsylvania as the guest of the ter
n peranee societies and the United Mine Workers
I of America marks an epoch In the civic, social
( arid industrial history of this commonwealth.
I Tfcie occasion is one of peculiar significance
to the men for whom I have the honor to
speak; it is one that will be long remembered
by them. Imprinted indelibly upon the hearts
of the miners is the recollection of the long
contest they had and the great hardships they
endured in the year 1902; a contest brought
to a happy termination through the interven
tion aad mediation of our distinguished guest.
It is a pleasure to ray that largely as a result
of his efforts ar.d mainly as a consequence of
his actlcn the conditions of life and labor
among the anthracite coal mine workers hava
been materially improved and the entire peo
ple of this community have enjoyed an era of
prosperity unprecedented in the history of the
hard coal regions.
It is equally Important to say that many of
the bitter antagonisms and prejudices of for
mer year* both between the miners and theli
employers and even among the mine workers
themselves, have been slowly but surely dissi
pated, and the prospect of permanent and hon
orable Industrial peace grows brighter day by
day.
In the pursuit of its ideals, trades unionism,
has Justified its existence by good works and
high purposes. Slowly and gradually it has
progressed toward the fulfillment of its mia
eloa. It has elevated the standard of living
of the American workman and conferred upon
him higher wajes and more leisure. It has in
creased efficiency, diminished accidents, avert
ed disease, kept the children tn school and
Improved the relations between employer and
employed. It has conferred benefits, made sac
rifices and, unfortunately, committed many
errorr. We believe it not unreasonable to ask
that we be judged not by our faults, but rathei
by our virtues.
To find justification for our existence, or for
the policies we pursue, we do not rely upon
the claims we ourselves make. Abraham Lin
coln, in a speech delivered at Hartford. Conn.,
in IS6O. while addressing the striking shoe
workers, said: "Thank God, we have a sys
tem of labor where there can be a strike
Whatever the pressure, there is a point where
the workman may stop."
TV>ndell Phillips is quoted as having said:
"I rejoice at every effort workmen make tc
organize. I hall the labor movement, it Is my
only hope for democracy. Organize and stand
together. Let the nation hear a united de
mand from the laboring voice,"
William E. Gladstone said: "Trade unions
are the bulwarks of modern democracy." and
so we might go on with endless indorsements
from the great men of the world, whose hearts
beat in sympathy with their struggling fellow
men.
But we need not depend alone upon the ut
terances of the immortal dead. We have with
us as our honored ruest this day a man whose
name and deeds will live a? long as the repub
lic shall endure, one who has on innumerable
occasions spoken in no uncertain terms in de
fense of the right of the workmen to organize.
and has so far subscribed to the constitution
and principles of modern trade unions as him
self to accept honorary membership In one of
them.
And *">w. Mr. President, may I again bid
you welcome? May I express the hope that your
visit among us may prove as pleasant to you
as it is appreciated by us?
REMARKS OP PRESIDENT.
President Roosevelt spoke as follows:
I am particularly glad to speak to this
audience of miners and tneir wives and chil
dren, end especially to speak under the aus
pices of this great temperance society. In
our country the happiness of all the rest of
our people depends most of all upon the wel
fare of the- wage-worker and the welfare of
the- farmer. If we can secure th« welfare of
these two classes, we can be reasonably cer
tain that tha community as a whole will
prosper. And we must never forget that the
chief factor In securing the welfare alike of
wage-worker and of farmer, as of everybody
else, must be the man hlmeelf.
The only effective way to help anybody Is
to help him help himself. There are excep
tional times when any one of us needs out
side help, and then it should be given freely:
but normally each one of us must depend
upon his own exertions for bis own success.
Something can be done by wise legislation
and by wise and honest administration of the
laws; that Is. something can be done by our
action taken in our collective capacity through
the State and nation.
Something .more can bo aono by combina
tion and organization among ourselves In our
private capacities ac citizens, co long as this
combination or organization Is managed with
wisdom and integrity, with Insistence upon
the rights of those benefited and yet with
Just regard for the rights of others.
But in the last analysts the factor most
influential in determining any man's euccess
must ever be the sum of that' man's own
Qualities, of his knowledge, foresight, thrift
ar.d courage. Whatever tends to increase his
self-refpect. whatever tends to help him over
come the temptations witn which all of us
are eurrounded. is of benefit not only to him
but to the whole community.
SELF RESTRAINT JVECESSARY.
No one ' society can do more to help the
wage-worker than such a temperance society
as that which I am now addressing. It la
of incalculable consequence to the man him
self that he should be sober and temperate,
and It Is of even -more consequence to. his
-wife and his children; for it is a hard and
cruel fact that In this life of ours the sins
of the man are often visited most heavily
upon those whose welfare should be his one
special care.
For the drunkard, for the man "who loses
his Job because he cannot control, or will
not control, his desire for liquor . and for
vicious pleasure, we have a feeling of anger
and contempt mixed with our pity; but • for
his unfortunate wife and little ones we feel
only pity, and that of the deepest and tender
eet kind.
Everything possible should be done to en
courage the growth of that spirit of self-re
spect, eelf-restralnt, self-reliance, which. If
It only grows enough, is certain to make all
those in whom it shows Itself move eteadlly
upward toward the highest standard of Am
erican citizenship. It is a proud and respon
sible privilege to be citizens of this greet
self-governing nation: and each of us needs
to keep eteadily before his eyes the fact that
he Is wholly unfit to take part in the work
of governing others unless ne can first govern
himself. He must stand up manfully for his
own rights; lie must respect the rights cf
others; he must obey the law, and he must
try to live up ' to. those rules of righteousness
which arc above and behind all laws.
This applies Just .as much to the man .of
\u25a0roat wealth aa tn tha man of amall means;
He Points Out the Duties of Wage Earners Both
to Themselves and to Others.
Mr. Rogers, United States Consul Gen
eral at Shanghai, to-day cabled to the
State Department that the Chamber of
Commerce there found Itself completely
powerless and that the students were In
control of the boycott situation.
In connection with the boycott, the ru
mor to the effect that John Goodnow,
formerly Consul General at Shanghai, but
who was forced from the service, it now
enlisted in the cause of the Chinese aa
adviser to ex-Minister Wu Ting Fang, is
gaining credence daily.
As a matter of fact, it would not be
surprising if Goodnow had done this very
thing. He went to his "post eight years
ago under fire from political enemies in
Minnesota, where he had lived, and the
American colony in Shanghai continued
that fire, refusing to recognize socially
Mrs. Goodnow, whom he brought with
him from Minneapolis. This protestation
against him came to a focus when he
barred from practice in hiß court an
American lawyer named. George Curtis.
The latter was involved. in cases wherein
Americans— especially one employed in a
subordinate position in the consular ser
vice—were charged with illegal procure
ment of certificates, enabling them to en
ter Chinese immigrants at the port of
Manila, and with overcharges in fees.
There was a bad mixup in the case. Cur
tic at one time being repudiated as at
torney by the wife of one of the de
fendants in the case. Later he came to
Washington and, although officials for. a
time were inclined to disbelieve his stories
he received an extended hearing from the
Third Assistant Secretary, Mr. Peirce,
and the result was permission to Good
now to resign.
CALL BUREAU. POST BUILDING.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 10.— The* Chinese
boycott movement" ba» got beyond all
control and has spread throughout all of
the countries bordering upon the Pacific,
wher&ver Chinese are found. As an illus
tration of this, there came to-day to the
State Department a cablegram from the
legation at Bangkok, Slam, stating that
3000 Chinese there had sent orders to their
agent In Singapore and Hongkong to send
them no more American goods.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
Belief That John Goodnow
Is the Adviser of Willing
Fang Is Graining Ground
AMERICAN- BACK OF IT
. . ,
Spreads to All Countries
Bordering on the Pacific
Where ' Chinese Are Found
BOYCOTT GETS
PAST CONTROL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST :11,: 11, 1905. "
The vIkU of President Roose
velt io t.io coal fields of Penn
sylvania as the Kiifst of the
temperance tvocietle.s an<l tbe
United Mine Worker* of Ainer
lea marks an epoch in the civic,
Nocinl and industrial history of
ihis ccimnon wealth. This oc
casion is one of peculiar tiis
nlXlcnnre to the men for whom
I have the iionor to speak. Im
printed iudelibly upon tbe
hearts of» the miners Is the
recollection of the lonic contest
in VM\'Z. brought to a happy
termination tUroußh tbe inter
vention of our distinguished
Kur»t. — From speech of John -
Mitchell.
Visit of Vast Importance
Says John Mitchell.
Cardinal Gibbons Speaks
of Dignity of Labor.
In 1535 De Toc'quevllle, a
distiuKtiished . French writer, *
published a work embodying
, his observations on the. United. \u25a0
States, in which he pays a
beautiful tribute to our econ
omic institutions and the re
spect in which labor Is held in
this country. He says that In
our !nnd every honest employ
ment Is honorable. This is a I
property conception of the dlg
nity of labor. The President's
mission will be far-reaching: in
its beneficent influence if he
strengthens here the good rela
tion between employer and em
ployed. — From Cardinal Gib
bons' speech.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
ADDRESSES THE MINERS
Sound Advice From Lips
oi* Nation's Cluef.
Tbe oulj effective way to
«.<-ll» anjlmriy in to help him to
I'-elp hlmwelf. Kac-h of us needs
t« kr. y Htraully before his ejre.««
tUe fact tliat he I* wholly un
fit to take part in the work of
troveriilnjc utliers unless he can
first provoin himself. \o man
can be a koo<l citizen, can de
«er\e the respect of his fellows,
cnleoii ilr.Nt of all he is a {rood
tnnn in his oirn family, unless
lie does his duty faithfully by
his wife nnd children From
President Roosevelt's speech.
5
ADVERTISESIEST&.
Brain
Workers.
Brain workers suffer from
headache because they over-tax
and exhaust the brain nerves.
Tired, irritated, turbulent
brain nerves throb and ache;
this weakens the brain power,
and robs the memory.
Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills
bring tranquility to the ex-
cited nerves and stop the pain.
If not relieved, this nerve
disturbance is frequently ex-
tended to the stomach, causing
nausea, vomiting — sick head-
•ache.
Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain > Pills
are convenient to take — just a
little tabjet, that in a few mo-
ments relieves the pain; they
leave no disagreeable after-
effects, as they contain no
opium, morphine, cocaine or
chloral in an}' form. '
"From' personal experience I can
testify that Dr. Jliles 1 Anti-Pain Pills
lire a most excellent remedy for bead-
ache • and neuralgia. I have been a •
preat sufferer from both diseases for
itm past three years. A friend •who
had also suffered from neuralgia
handed me some of the Anti-Pain
Pills. I took them and they gave me
almost Instant relief. Since then I
have a package at home, end another
at the office, and they never fail to
relieve me." It. V. MEGARY,
537 S. Saivyer St.. Chicago, Ills.
Dr. Miles' Antl-Peln PMI« are sold by
your druggist, who will guarantee that
the first package will benefit. If It i
fails he will return your money. j
25 doses, 25 cents. Never sold In bulk. J
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind i
Children's *7/)^ &" - • Laundry Bags
and Misses' jfficfiFm/AnfliiJff 2Qc &c/f
School Hats WiltKyntpOlUM^ xwut^-^M
New fall styles in felts, silks, CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-^^^^^^ja^"^ made; cheap enough to-day to
novelty br B id turbans; etc. GRANDEST STORS ° nC " ""* "^ SDc
$1*25 to $5 -^- at
Several new and impoi'taiit lines are added to-day io the
Unusual price concessions in Boys 1 arid Girls' School Clothing — -Juvenile Dept., Second Floor.
A manufacturer's Surplus Stock of Girls' School
t&\/ -\ « I %| I * | I . \J\ 1/1/ iLI J — Ginghams, madras, duck and
xpj|V •" \y \u25a0\u25a0&\u25a0! 11/ I/I I f * V 1 1\ \ '" len ' m b' OU3e » Bustei Brown and |
i"^^ wL V^L^ Si -gggßjSS^^s^^g \4 11 Ll \J I\V. 1 m-I 1 lxV surplice effects; embroidery and
k §ZiK * l] fk\ [ 4-U^-i U^l-P lace trimmed. All of them this
U*s?%K ]L : yK^^rWE^riV «j» tfUKsOO Liiail Idll. f IO m4 to 14 years. Fit out the
£jl * ~<&i\*£ Ci s :;: '" Httl = ° nes with sch °° I dza3ct
L= '^Jt^^^^k \\ * &=63 *' ExpennTe at inexpensive pnees. now a t half price.
\'»l\7W '\\ A manufacturer-s surplus and balance-of- $ 3 . 0 0 Dresses . - 5 /.50
Illftl Wi\ / \\ ! !"° n ? - attCnU °l S t n«kweai; some of $J 2 «. DresS es . $1.63
nSSLMW^ M\\/ 'L-^s3 the premest we have shown »ha year, at aa $3 ? . Dresse s . . § I^B
\ W\ VsS&YSs'l average of much less than half. | 4 Oft nre «.,. e< . «p on
IWt t \u25a0•XBSSS'I WiV^Z^^ Beautiful Chemisettes and cuKsto match, m lace. %V%} nlltlll ' ' %9i%
VmM It \HM'i lawn and embroidery; nothing prettier made than these. c . _ ft r,,,,.,.,. o nez
\"W l\ V«if 1 -• : Regular $2.00 to $4.00 values, each $1.13 <A -,- nr<. c c» c «o on
\W B3W I- - • Regular $1.50 to $200 values, each.. SSo $5.00 Dresses. .S2JSO
\j* \t >3 ./ Reveres and Cuffs-^-In pique, linen, lace and lawn, many of this $6.00 Dresses . . $3*.CO
season's newest fads. . i' - $7.00 Dresses. . $3. 50
Sales tables, main aisle. 30c and 75c values . 290 |$J .00 and $1.50 values . . 630 $ 7 .50 Dresses . . $3.75
Bfe End-of-the-Week Sale §&lo WOiFSOn'S SiiitS x^S*b
Taffeta Ribbons natwei . o «w<f ~ -* &g^
3000 yards best quality, number 5. up to $42.50 MWUW %pa&m f%9 (S? J
and 7 taffeta ribbon, in all colors, - tf \u0084. _ . TSeST
suitable for fancy work and trim- The greatest values offered lbs year. Smts m
I mings, instead of 8c per \u25a0% «?«!««» f^'^^'S^X tT" !n? iilliM
,j SO twos of many styles that have sold so readily >i^ vSj M
*nm j ai/ • k » ff^« r,T,K« n « in « * this season that there are only one or two of aft. jJ-J£% X Efiim
3000 yards 4>i-inch tafteta ribbons, in a . _, .. , . J . _. \u0084 i/v.*n V. M V^K J!
fine assortment of colors; worth „ kind left Tailor made suitsm Eton b ouse. H JJU^ \m&U\
22c per yard, for I Of? coat tourists and 27-inch half fatted jacket styles,
1000 yards 4-inch satin taffeta ribbons, al- in mohairs. Scotch plaids, blue and .-. pa p TM7SWZI£P'
ways regularly 33c per yard. of black cheviots. Panamas and fancy il» |il /U WtlllFZ
for this sale .. mIG lUJtmgs; blues, greens, black and HXL I# 1 tfeVl 111 1 J<7
mm .^^^ mmmmmmmm^ m^ mm^ mmm .^mm^mm^—m brown mixtures ; values up to 818 1 1 ft"-' / if. i ''
" «-»• a* - m «»-^#— $4230; beginning this morning... \l/ M.\J ImVr V I
Biff Special Sale » hiliit
GOOtl VeilingS Lot 2.~Many excellent suits in "the^ prevaiEng JlM%s\'\\
A . , n . , styles; black and colored silk shirt-waist dresses, ! l[i[ 'l\\\
An after mventory offering of a a made sdts an 77#!// f \V\
large quantity miscelkneous styles o assortment oi which the 1 WsWs \u25a0\ I \J\
veilings, values up to 2pc per yard, at were up tQ G* f\l_ J//J MA TOs.
SC, WC, 14C $17.50; all at one quick jMf2 '^M &jI 1 1 W
A small lot of chiffon and Tuxedo made up marching pnee fy / * if ifi| \ \/
veils, to be closed out at about -^j . - . 7^/J M I I \\\ /
one-half their real values. each...F^C Alterations extra.
Boys" School Suits, $4* OO Butter Saie
Either the Popular Two-Piece or Norfolk Styles, in sizes for boy« 7 to
16 years. They are regular $5.00 values, made to our order from carefully selected cloths »ne best creamery to-day and ~ Q
that will give the best of service and hold their .color. They have extra <-„„%' • "V^* ' ' ' G
strong Knings, all seams are double stitched and taped to prevent ripping; ¥?**£ J*
trousers of the 2-piece suits have double seats and knees. Choice of 30 new- /Q *-§- Baked Beans, dozen 90c; 3 tm. 250
est fall mixtures m grays and browns, for M-^ \u25a0 2^ P^T~ .^ °\ g^
Boys' Sailor and Russian Suits for $3.00. They are regular $4.00 qual- R| ce — Best Carolina. 8% lbs '. '. '. SOO
ities, new styles from one of New York's foremost makers of boys clothes. Ihey are Swiss Cheese— Best Eraenthal. special
made in the popular Buster Brown style, the knickerbockers full lined, all **y *-*^ Ib. 290
have silk bows and nicely trimmed with metal buttons or embroidery in con- «^ Sardines— lmported, doz. $1.10; nn tOo
trasn'ng shades. An extra white Buster collar with each suit. Serges in CjjP N B Sardines— D. &G. boneless. 2 tins 250
brown, red and blue and new mixtures. Sizes 2%t0 I 0 years . . ... - Soda Crackers— ssc boxes for _. 470
Boys' 3-piece Suits, $5 — Our Mother's Friend Waists— The 50c Whisky— Old Crow or Hermitage, qt
special $5 ones, the best possible to pro- and 75c kinds, good quality percales, some bottle 70©
duce in cloth, make and fit at that price. with collars and some to wear with A"y r Port or Sherry— 7sc quaky. caL 530
Choice of serge in blue and black, and white collars, sizes 4to 14 years . . t**~ -Champion Whisky— s3.oo quality,
cheviots in blue, black, plaids and rf» g. N for School— Bo dozen in d.SJ° a i™i.«i " i*• V ' * 2 £P
mixtures. Stylish suits for the J)^ »yw nrixturS to nuUch « b , and cordu-. fS^Sr^^l 9^ *T ' ' ' 22°
mannish boys. 10 to 16 years . . **"^ »yt m tan »nd dr.b: «1» Woe wrae ot AC^ Claret— Good Ash wme. gallon . . . 4Gc
Tbp and Knlie With Every Boy 'a Soft cberiot. Parsifil or yacht «tyk» Tc^W pp a b st Malt Tonic— A doz . . $2.25
Ra V>6*l 9 H B H 9^M fa I k M v^lfi H f§3 Ml m. *v Jmi
IMPk MM 'DB fj rtm wm *yl BBBwO a Bt_#T3fl n 0% Cj 9mm CPsff \u25a0K9»BpßjßQca|JEw
M( . IVl<ft^^iMA* Good, fresh -fiber; effective colorings; © 1
V/Illlla riatllllg three patterns to select from. Price 1 /fl • /» i
no guide to the quality, as it is our own importation and thoroughly M jdr^^§L
dependable. Special to-day, at the ''store on the square." Per yard J| #%y si
T .' \u25a0•\u25a0 ' \\-\\ /_ . .; \u0084 -\u0084.--•\u25a0.• . . * \u25a0 '.-. .- - -'.MARRIAGE LICENSES.— OakIand. Aug. 10.
The following marriage licenses were Usued by
the County Clerk to-day: Fred Davis. 41, and
Jennie Cunningham. 37, both of San Francisco;
Manuel L. Silva. ML and Elizabeth A. Cous
ins. 50. both of Alameda.
Western Union Finally Connect* City
With Markets of New York
aud Chicago.
i Local brokers and others who are in
| terested in the Eastern stock markets
', will hereafter enjoy a three minute j
news service'between this city and the
big Eastern centers during the day.
Yesterday the Western Union Tele
graph Company's new "ticker" service
was placed In operation here, and it
will be expanded upon aa rapidly as
the necessary machines can be ob
tained. The company has been mak-
ing preparations for several months to
j place San Francisco in closer v , touch
I with the Eastern markets and accom-'
I plished its purpose in the establishing,
here of Its new ticker service. :\u25a0[ • \u25a0 \u25a0>:.'
The first thorough ;test of., the ser
vice between . New York and ; Chicago
{ and this city was. made yesterday ,\n,
i the local office of Hutton & Co.', the
I New York bankers and brokers/- and
I was watched with considerable Interest;
j by. a large number of speculators -who '
are operating on the New York mar-
ket. ' The plan of the Western Union'
Is. to place the new machines In the,
local . exchanges and brokerage offices,
and \u25a0, later, if, necessity demands it, a
similar service will be installed about
town with • a - view to furnishing j pat
rons with racing and other sporting
events in. the East, - With the machines
it is possible to . give 'the details'of
races and boxing contests as fast ' as
they, progress. -Ox^v^^-;'"\ v "'\u25a0•\u25a0-'•
THEIR LIVES UNHAPPY.— Oakland,, Aug.
10. — Charging ' thai Fred A. Lame has nevar
been a husband to her, Maria Lame of Berke
ley has brought divorce proceedings against
him and wants half of their property, located
on Channingr way and Sixth street. John •H.
Price asks for a separation ' from : Etta M.
Price for desertion. They were married at Van
couver in 1893. Maud Krlbbs- has besrun di
vorce proceedings as'alnet Herman -D.«Kribb».
who sh» alleges has: deserted her and ; her two
Uttle children. They, were married In 1836., •
PAY NOMINAL. FlNES.— Oakland, Aug. 10.
E. G. Northrup and 11. . G. Parsons, business
men of San Jose, who were convicted of dis
turbing the peate of Mrs. Ida .1. Smith, secre
tary of the Altadena Mining and • Investment
Syndicate, were fined $5 each bj'-Pollce Judge
Smith to-day. The men desired, to examine the
company's books at the secretary's residence.
They charge the Kev/J. J.-, Smith, president
of the corporation, who is under arrest at San
Jose, with fraud. \u0084 - .'..~ : -v
WANTS TO FIX BOUNDARIES.— OakIand.
Aug. 10. — Mayor Frank K. Mott has requested
the owners of property along the shores of
Lake Merrltt to m«et him at the Mayor's
office on Afonday evening, when an effort will
be ma.de to adjust the true boundaries of th«
lake without resort to suits to quiet title.
SUPERVISOR RESTING EASlLY.—Oak
land, Aug. 10. — No change was manifested to
day In the condition of Supervisor Joseph M.
Kelley, who Is 111 at Providence Hospital with
typhcid fever. The Supervisor Js resting
easily, and his physician. Dr. O. D. Hamlin,
reports that although the crlsl* of the 111
n«as haa. not I'et been passed, prospects for re
covery are favorable.
NEW UNIVERSITY PUBLICATIONS. —
Berkeley, Aug. 10. — The department of botany
of the university has issued two new publi
cations, "Regeneration Among Kelps," a paper
by Professor \u25a0William Albert SSetchell. < professor
and head of the- department of botany, and "A
New Genus of Ascomyeetous Fungi." a paper
by Nathaniel L»yon Gardner, of the botany de
partment. ..
SAN FRANCISCO NOW HAS
EASTERN TICKER SERVICE
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
ALAMEDA, Aug. 10. — Superintendent
of Schools Fred T. Moore and the Board
of Education are preparing to enforce
the compulsory education law. The of
ficials of the School Department are.
now in possession of a list of the school
census children who are not attending
any school. Notices and copies of tha
compulsory education act will be sent
to the parents and guardians of the
children, and if the juveniles are not then
sent to school action will be taken by
the truant officer. The appointment of
a truant oilicer will probably be made
at a meeting of the Board of Education
n«-xt Tuesday night.
COMPULSORY EDUCATION.
ST. HELENA, Aug. 10.— The Califor
nia Vlticulturnl Club will hold it* an
nual meeting in this city on Friday and
Saturdcy, Atu^ust IS ami 19. On Fri
day afternoon the election of ofPcers
will take place and the future work of
the club will be discussed. The follow
ing 1 sessions will be devoted to th.»
reading of papers and the discussion of
matters of Interest' td tbe viticultural
Industry.
Not only niembers of the California
Viticultural Club but all those Inter
ested In viticulture or the viticulture
industries have been invited to attend
the meeting.
VUlrnltnrlvt* to Meet at *t. Helena.
OAKLAND, Aug. 10.—^A special com
mittee of the City Council, composed
of Councllmen Heese. Pendleton and
Donaldson, met in conference to-night
with S. J. Taylor, secretary of the Oak
land Traction Consolidated, and Ed
ward Engs, the company's attorney,
over the East Fourteenth street fran
chise deadlock. No decision was
reached, the committee refusing to
agree to less than $2500 as a price for
the franchise. This was a cut of one
half in the original figure suggested.
The company refused. to bid more than
$1000. The committee reported in
favor of referring tbe matter back to
the Street Rallv^ay Committee.
COMMITTEE DEMANDS ?2T,00.
BERKELEY", Aug. 10.— -The Spring
Construction Company's camp at Magee
and Cedar streets, consisting of - the
paraphernalia of a i blacksmith shop,
with a large quantity of miscellaneous
articles, was looted by the neighbors
two days ago, the depredators alleging
that they supposed the contractors had
deserted the place. Marshal Vollmer
has traced most of the stuff, which had
been taken to various houses in the
neighborhood. All that has been found,
will be restored.
CITIZEXS HELP THEMSELVES.
BERKELEY, Aug. 10.— The honeymoon
of William Betts, the aged capitalist
who married his young housekeeper a
fortnight ago, Is not to be disturbed by
the legal proceedings his daughter had
instituted to get him under control.
Betts was .to have appeared in
court in Oakland, to-morrow to show
cause .why he should not be de
clared incompetent, the daughter, Mrs.
A. ; H. Mac Donald of Berkeley,
having petitioned the court to appoint a
guardian for him. It Is stated by Attor
ney Robert S. Edgar of Berkeley, that
a compromise had been effected and that
the attorneys for Betts and his daughter
will settle the matter out of court.
Betts Is a manufacturer, 78 years old,
whose business interests are In San Fran
cisco. His home is at 2305 Telegraph
avenue -in Berkeley. His wife died in
May, 1905, and soon after her death Mr.
Betts informed his married daughter,
Mrs. Mac Donald, that he intended to
wed Mrs. H. Forsythe, his housekeeper,
who had acted as nurse for Mrs. Betts
during the illness "of the latter. The
daughter protested and proceeded to pe
tition the court to declare her father in
competent. Mr. Betts promptly procured
a marriage license, and his wedding fol
lowed. He Is now on his honeymoon.
CORTE MADERA. Aug. 10.— The
trustees of sanitary district No. 2 com
prising Corte Madera have decided to
sell $10,000 worth of bonds on Septem
ber 16. At an election a short time ago
It was decided to bond the sanitary dis
trict for $25,000 for sanitary purposes.
The trustees believe that $10,000 will
cover the expenditures for sewer pur
poses for the fiscal year. The balance
of the. issue will be sold as needed.
BONDS ARE TO BE SOLD.
Honeymoon of William Betts
Not to Be Disturbed by
Daughter.
SANTA MONICA, Aug. 10.— Harry
Thompson, while guarding his father's
melon patch to-night, was shot - and
seriously wounded by an unknown man.
Warning had been received that the
melon patch would be raided to-nighc
by persons who desired to take the
crop to market and young Thompson
was placed on guard. He was accom
panied by several friends, all of them
armed. Shortly before midnight a
wagon stopped near where they were
stationed and after a few minutes' si
lence several shots rang out and
Thompson fell with a bullet hole In,
both legs. The person who fired the
shot escaped.
Bullets Strike Both of His Less, la
fllcttnsr Painful and Serfoas
"Wounds.
SAXTA MOXICA MAX 13 SHOT
BY BAFFLED MELON THIEF
AGED BRIDEGROOM
MAY LOVE IN PEACE
For months Mrs. McKechnle had ac
cused Mrs. Trieet of stealing away Cap
tain McKechnie's affections and of ob
taining money that did not belong to her.
The quarrels between the women were
carried through a divorce trial, which re
sulted in a victory for the husband.
Mrs. McKechnie's condition was such
to-day that Captain of Police Wilson or
dered her to be detained until an exam
ination, could be' made by Dr. E. N.
Ewer, the city physician. Dr. Ewer,
after investigation declared* the woman
was undoubtedly dementeld. On that
showing she was transferred the Re
ceiving Hospital to be held pending exam
ination by the Lunacy Commissioners. -
OAKLAND, Aur. IL— With a carpen
ter's hammer hidden under her cloak,
and threatening to batter out the brains
of Mrs. Lizzie, Triest. Mrs. Annie Mc-
Keehnie, the divorced wife of Donald
McKeehnie, master of the Southern Pa
cific ferry-boat Piedmont, was ; arrested
this afternoon at the posto-fnee.. Mrs.
McKeehnie had been lying in wait at the
Federal building for an hour, knowing,
ns she asserted, that the woman \u25a0 she
sought would call there for mall. She
had trailed Mrs. Triest for days, «he
said, but had been unable to get near
enough to her to carry out her.- avowed
threat to do murder.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 10.— Kathryn H.
Ritchie has brought suit in this county
against the North Shore Railroad Com
pany to recover $10,000 and costs. Her
husband, Romer K. Ritchie, was struck
and killed by a southbound electric
train on May 21 last as he was driving
a horse and buggy on the county road
across the railroad track, about a quar
ter of a mile north of Alto.
SUES FOR HUSBAXD'S DEATH.
Mrs. Annie McKeehnie Ar
rested at Postoffice in
Oakland.
LIES IN WAIT TO
ASSAULT HER RIVAL
SAN RAFAEL, ;, Aug. 10.— Antonio
Mello, a deckhand on the steamer Caro
line, and Fred Coulter, brother of a
convict in San Quentin. who are
charged with smuggling morphine Into
San Quentin prison, appeared in the
Superior Court to-day for arraignment.
Coulter's .trial was set for Tuesday.
Joseph K. Hawkins, attorney fer Mello,
interposed a demurrer to the Informa
tion. After argument the case went
over one week.
DEMURS TO IXFORMATIOX.
The Grand Jury has made arrangements
with the Merchants' Exchange to hold a
secret session in its rooms in the Cen
tral Bank building Monday evening for
the purpose of considering the matter.
Deputy County Assessor Thomas Robin
son, one of the important witnesses from
the Assessor's office, is at present at Den
ver, where he is attending a meeting of
the managers of the Woodmen oi the
World. . .
Nearly evefy county Officer has \u25a0 been
Bubpenaed to appear before the Super
visors to-morrow to try to pick out from
the- bills just what was purchased and
what it is. claimed has been added since
affixing their signatures to the demands.
Tneso amounts, as figured out by Expert
John Sabin, total up nearly $1000 on seven
months' bills.
OAKLAND, Aue. 10.— Otto L. Hasse,
former manager of the Central News
Store, whose connection with the alleged
raising of the county stationery bills is
to be made the subject of a special in
quiry by the Board of Supervisors, will
not be on hand to-morrow for interroga
tion, owing to the fact that he is ill.
He, however, has retained Attorney J. J.
Burke to defend him and for him Burke
«aid to-day:
"We deny that any bills have been
raised or that this can be shown. Hasse
is innocent of any wrong-doing and de
clares to me that everything charged for
in the bills was delivered, either to the
county officers or some one representing
them. He admits having purchased some
articles of furniture for Assessor Henry
P. Dalton, but states that he could get
a 15 per cent discount and did it for him
as a favor, and that all of Dalton's per
sonal bills were paid by the Assessor."
SAN JOSE, Aug. 10.— The billiard
parlor at 81 West Santa Clara street,
conducted by T. E. Baker, was r\>bbed
early this morning" of $25. which was
taken from the cash register at tha
cigar counter. A bootblack, who re
cently came from Los Angeles and who
had been employed about the place,
Is believed to have committed the
crime. It has been the custom for a
boy to get around early in tha morning
and clean up the place. This morning
the bootblack went into the saloon next
door and stated that he had been en
gaged by the boy to do the work thl3
morning and the bartender allowed him
to go into the billiard-room. Shortly
after he passed out of the door. "When
the regular janitor arrived it was found
that the bootblack's story was false
and an investigation showed that the
cash register had been robbed. Baker
swore to a complaint before City Jus
tice Davlson to-day, charging the boot
black with burglary. The warrant haa
been sent to San Francisco, where It Is
believed the accused has gone.
Police Believe That Crime Was Corn
niltted by Former Employe
of the Place.
Nearly -Every County Officer
/ c- Will Testify in
Case.
CASH REGISTER IV BILLIARD
PARLOR ROBBED OF CONTEXTS
STANFORD PROFESSOR SUCCESSFUL
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 10.—
E. Gleim, *06. of Stanford University,
who has been on an expedition in
Shasta County with Professor J. P.
Smith, has returned to the campus and
reports the "project a success. The
party left the university several weeks
ago to secure fossils and specimens for
the geological department. According
to Gleim large numbers of prehistoric
relics have been discovered. Professor
Smith will return shortly and will see
to the arrangement and classification of
his latest acquisitions.
LAWYERBDEKE MAKES
STATEMENT FOE HASSE
The offertory ' solo between parts first and
B€.CQnd will be suns by Mrs. Partington. who
will render a composition, entitled "Abide
With Me," by Fletcher Husband, the organist
of the choir.
E. T. M. Eckert, who was for many years
leader of the Methodist church choir In Ala
meda Is in charge of the excellent organ
isation that weekly furnishes the music for
the Central Methodist Episcopal Church In San
PranclßCO now. On Sunday, evening next the
rhclr !s to present Gaul's sacred cantata, "The
Holy City." As the choir consists of fifty
voices and there la »n orchestra of ten pieces,
the programme seems promising. The solo
work •Trill be sung by Mrs. Otto Ottesen, so
prano- Mrs Richard I* Partington. contralto;
Hlranv H. Gould, tenor: Walter B. Anthony,
tenor- Harold B. Bassfcrd. ba»s.
.Mips M. Morcan and Miss M\ Ford -will
assist In the ladles' trio, and quartet.
Another chance for g«nerous ones to spend
their money for charity's sweet sake will be
given by a social settlement in West Oak
land Saturday week, August 17, when several
very charming young ladies %rlll give a bazaar
on a small scale at 90.H Linden street. It is
to» be an afternoon affair and amone the
zealous workers are: Miss Edith Benjamin,
Miss Hazel Petersen. Miss Alice Lake and
Miss Constance Lake.
•Fabiola Hospital is also to the fore with
plans for a large benefit. Miss Gaorgle Cope,
who managed the production of "The Little
Tycoon" 'so successfully last spring, la again
at' the helm, b.ut this time it Is faroe comedy
that will occupy the boards. "His Excellency
the Governor." beinjr In coursa of rehearsal.
Miss Manraret' Knox, Rufus Smith, Milton
Schwartz. Willard Barton and Ro6siter Mikel.
all of whom are well-known aa unusually
clever amateurs, will Interpret the leading
characters.
OAKLAND, Aug. 10.— It Is to a generous
public that churches and charitable organiza
tions must look for support and In Oakland,
especially, the public Is a very generous one,
indeed. Xo *ntertalnment meets with so much
success as that given in religion's name or
to help the needy. Already scores of enthusi
astic women are planning ways and means
by which to turn a goodly stream of dollars
Into various depleted treasuries. The first and
largest affair, perhaps, is St. Mary's Bazaar,
\u25a0which Is to take place at an early date. In
the m«antime, each of the ladks In charge of
the. different booths is giving small entertain
ments for the benefit of her particular conces
sion and a pleasant rivalry la adding zest to
the tksk of oreparation.
Mrs. O. D. Hamlin, wife of the well-known
physician, la in charge ot" the Sacred Heart
Booth and is engineering a whist party, where
by she proposes to swell the booth fund. The
tournament takes place to-morrow evening at
St. Mjtry's Hall on Seventh and Grove streets,
and. If one may predict resulw from manifes
tations of interest, it Is bound to be a "howl
ing nut-cess." A bevy of pretty girls, under
the direction cf Miss Anne O'Rourke. has been
busy all day transforming the ball Into a
bower of beauty, and to-morrow night these
same nimble-fingered maids will assist Mrs.
Hamll'i In keeping the score. They are: Misses
Anne and Eleanor O'Uourke. Rose Wolfxom,
Helen Madden. Alice Gregory. Alva Reed, An
geta and Jantstte Sarsfleld. Delia Vbtaw. Cath
erine Healy, Veronica Gregory. Isabelle Mc-
Avoy, Josephine- Sarsfleld. May Stewart,
Eileen. Duggan and Theresa Harrington.
The ladles 'who will be in charge of .the
booth at the fair with Mrs. Hamlin are: Mrs.
Frank Barnett. Mrs. J. Fredericks and the
Misses Sarsfleld. Wolfrom, O'Rourke. Marco
vich, Healy and Conniff.
ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE.
Professors Henry Morse Stephens and
Bernard Moses, two of the most 'dis
tinguished members of the university
faculty, wefe on the committee chosen
to award the prize in this essay com
petition. They agreed that Klein's
work deserved the prize of JlOO. The
ablest men ' in the university student
body competed for the prize, including
a number of post graduates and seniors.
It is rare that a sophomore is able to
defeat seasoned students in a competi
tion of this character, and It Is deemed
still more of an event to have a sopho
moric production chosen by' the uni
versity authorities for exploitation In
the University Chronicle. The Chron
icle ordinarily Is given up to the writ
ings of distinguished professors, scien
tists or savants. Klein's essay occupies
all the space in the current issue, ex
cept a few pages of notes regarding
university happenings.
Klein is a San Jose lad. who won a
Congressional scnolarship when he en
tered the university. Kg is 17 years
old, and a cartoonist of» ability in addi
tion to his talent as a student and
writer.
BERKELEY, Aug. 10. — Julius Klein,
a sophomore at the University of Cali
fornia, has been accorded unusual
honor by the college authorities in
having his prize essay, which won the
Bryce historical prize, printed in full
in the current University Chronicle.
The essay deals with the making ot
the treaty of Guadaloupe Hidalgo on
February. 2. 184 d.
• — •— — •
Julius Klein's Bryce Histori
cal Prize Essay Published
by University.
SOCIETY FOLK
RESPONSIVE TO
SWEET CHARITY
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 10.— The San Ra
fael Baseball Club is making extensive
preparations for a grand ball to be
given in Armory Hall next Saturday
e,vening. A large crowd of twirlers of
the sphere and their frlands are ex
pected to be present. The committee
on arrangements Is composed of Col
onel Thomas Lunnl, Henry Hansen, Ed
ward V. Baraty, Edward Wilson, Frank
Esola and Arthur Hogan. Reception —
George Hansen, George Favor, Charles
Byrnes. Eugene D. Hawkins, "Walter
Pedrottl.E. Domergue. Floor manager,
Rudolph Lichtenberg.
BALL PLAYERS WILL DAXCE.
STUDENT ACCOKDED
UNUSUAL HONOft
SELMA, Aug. 10.— Selma haa been a
dry town for nearly one year and a large
majority of tha business men are now
endeavoring to change ....e policy of the
prohibition Board of Trustees. Every
day this week committees have been en
deavoring to get the board to grant at
least one saloon. The fight for an open
town was brought to a head by the filing
of suits against seven persons, who it
was alleged were selling li ...or illegally.
Evidence against these persons was se
cured by detectives posing as Los An
geles fruit buyers. There is much criti
cism of the Board of Trustees and legal
measures may be adopted in an attempt
to oust them from office If they do not
make concessions to the open town ad
vocates.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Petition Board of Trustees to
Grant at Least One
License.
SEL3IA RESIDENTS
DESIRE A SALOOX
This was rot the first time that Hod^kinx
r.ad been at my house. When there was
rrandaJ ovfr the arivft nf Grace McXautrh
ton. who 'wm rharpf-d with thr-ft hy Mi*.
Thomas Mem, the Chief sent Grace to my
place and she stayed here until she went
"across the bay to Larkspur. Hodgkins tame
flown to the house to ac« ber, and during the
time ehe was h«re she telephoned very fr«-
I taw that I was !icli>Jes». s"i 1 told him
•to keey th« money. Imt that I would <ln-l
•oirie way to make hir.i pay for robbing me.
CUIKK I>EMES THE CHAttGE.
Then I demanded that lie rttuni th<- inuney
I had elvnn rim. arc! V.c denied to my face
that T had ever niven him a cent. H<" s-aiil!
"Why, yt'U have no proof that yi^u <=v*r imv»
me a penny, and If you try to prove it i viiil
ruin you In Mii« t'r.vn. Jly ;•\u25a0 -Vt v- |n~(« .
than yours, for you are In trouble and I am
too strong with xbf lvnl!<-«>l v nl!<-«> Conin.lßsioi; for ><>v
to 'gvt' me. i»-i th«" I <.:t thinjj v.»u < aii «1o iy to
Crop thir thins risrht now f .r you wfll have me
try »r.<\ I will rr>ak.« Oakland to:i hot tv
hold yon."
The r.ext day I was arrested and
while I was in the City rr>on the Chief sent
for me and told m<> that my arrest was the
fnrk cf rapnin r*iersr.n. but that it would
come oui nil right. Afte:- I wax rHers.-.i »,<
*ent Police Officer Murray to s*e m« with a
me*sace to *-"^t out o! town, but l Old not h-j.
and on Sunday lie again came to s'e ny- aud
told me that he feared h«» could <Jo nothing
mere to h*!i> m*.
SAYS HE MADE DENIAL
This frightened me «so badly that I would
have trlven him twice the amount he asked
• r.d I tent B>7 aunt to the safe where I keep
my money, and f-he brought me $940 j n pold
and PH) in currency, which I *aye th» Chief
Then he told roe that I had better conceal my
self for a few days until tlie trouble had blown
over, and ofTered to give me a room In his
hou«e. where- no one would think of looking
for me. 1 reused to to there, however as I
thought them that b« was my friend and
feared that I might get him Into trouble If I
was seen at his house. Then he tbld mo to
po to San FYanoiwo or anywhere out of the
cltv and left the house.
Wfceo Oii"f Hodgkins came to me he told
mr thct 1 was in a bad hole an<l that a ver
dlit of muMer would be rfturnfd against me.
Thf-n he *aid, '"If you can irn together SlooO
I can buy off the Coroner and fix everybody."
I told my son that tne Chief was going to
jquar*. the cue and that I was going to give
him $K.HKi for doing en. Charlie said. "Well
<1u as you like, bat I tell you now thatHodg
kln* will put the money in hli own pocket,
and If the ca*e is prented he will say thai yow
never gave him a cent and win frt you go to
ja.il."
CM<:t of Police Hodgkins came to my house
on the Friday nlg-ht following Mr«. Blrolh's
death and got ?UvO from me. Of this money
$3*o »as in gold and the remaining pj:> was
In p*per currency. Hodgkins was admitted to
th« house by my aurjt. and while he was here
my son <"h£rles came into the room. A» soon
as he saw ihu Chief hf- callf-d me into another
room aad tuid me to be very careful what I
ta!d. as he <sl<l pit trust Hodpkiny.
*OX MAKES OMJECTIO.V.
Mrs. Biroth died the night of May 13
at Fabio!a Hospital, where she had been
taken by O. \V. Biroth, a stableman, re
siding at 52S Twenty-second street. Her
death was from a criminal operation.
Shortly before- the died, Mis. Biroth
mentioned the name of a Mrs. Harrison.
The police put Mrs. Harrison under ex
amination and after a long inquiry she
was allowed to go. The Coroner's jury
a few days later returned a verdict ac
cusing the woman. She was arrested
and detained in jail several days, but no
one appeared to prosecute her, and no
evidence was obtained upon which to
base a complaint, so far as the Police
Department- was concerned. The hus
band of the dead woman refused to take
any action, the report at the time being
•that he had been informed by his wife
that her injuries were self inflicted. Chief
of Police Hodgkins has declared that
these stories cf bribery are groundless
and that he is a victim of malicious at
tacks. In her statement to-night, Mrs.
Harrison said:
"There has been much rumor afloat
concerning these charges, and in the
event they are well grounded, the board,
of course, will make a thorough investi
gation."
The woman insists that the Chief of Po
lice defied her and declared if she said
anything about the transaction he would
ruin her business. Rumors concerning
the Harrison < hargc-s have been in cir
culation, but until to-night Mrs. Harri
son had guarded her story against pub
licity.
That there will be an official investi
gation of the charges is a certainty. In.
this connection Mayor Mott, who is
president of the Board of Police and Fire
Commissioners, sa.id:
MAVOK MAKES STATKMEXT.
At the time, s-he adds, the case was
painted as very black against her by
liorfgJdns, and that he said the only way
t-he could prevent a prosecution and
dar-g^r of prison was by acceding to his
ciemand. Mrs. Harrison asserts she was
led to believe that Chief Hodgkins would
use a portion of the money in channels
where it would do her the most good, and
That he was to keep enough of the fund
for himself as payment for his services.
SubseQuently, she declares, not being sat
isfied that the mox<-y had been used as
(she understood it was to be disbursed,
Mrs. Harrison demanded an accounting
from Hogkins, and was told that there
would be no return made.
The woman declares she has two wit
r(s-es= to the visit of Hodgkins to her
residence, one of whom is her aunt, who.
the says, admitted the chief to the
housf, and the other is her eon, Charles
3'arrison. who saw Hodgkins at the
hoiise. was told by his mother that
the chief ha<l demanded money and ad
vig.d her not to yield. 31 rs." Harrison
says fche was forced to give the coin.
believing such a course would save her
Irom imprisonment.
SAYS CHIEF DEFIED HER.
'square" a case in which she had been
Err<>sn>d under suspicion of having been
responsible for the death of Mrs. Jennie
I-ircth :n this city on May 19. Mrs.
l<arr:*on d^clar.-* that ciodgklns visited
ber residence and demand* d the money,
f.-.yir.g he could wye her from prosecu
tion if the coin were placed in his hands.
Subsequently she v . ; ..-: discharged from
custody, no comp!^;:ii being swum out
against her.
OAKLAND, Aug. W.-^Chlef of Police
Hodgkins has been accused by Mrs. L. M.
Harrison, a midwife at 1772 Goss street,
of having extorted Jlooo from her to
SAN LEANDRO, Aug. 10.— Amid bril
liant electrical illuminations and fire
works, the big street fair given under
the direction of the Native Sons and the
Native Daughters of the Golden West
was opened to-night at : the city park.
Fully 5000 persons enjoyed trie merri
ment and the numerous sources of enter
tainment were .liberally patronized.
Hundreds of Native Sons from all
parts of the county marched this eve
ning In a spectacular street procession,
with gay uniforms and floats, banners
and much music to lend life and variety
to the pretty scene. Formal' exercises
were held, at which Congressman J. R.
Knowland delivered an address.
The fair will continue through Sat
urday, which ' will be children's day,
when the grounds will be open free to
the public. Among the fair's big fea
tures Is the Reliance Athletic Club's cir
cus in charge of Paul T. Carroll, instruct
or at the club.
The committees are as follows:
Arrangements — W. W. Shuhaw, Dr. J. P.
Tormey. W. G. Muntz, O. Z. Best, R. J. Men
donca, George J. Clark. Finance — William
Kelly, W. J. Gannon, A. J. Lloyd. L. God
chaux. Reception — Dr. J. P. Tormey, I. 8.
Ury. O. Z. Best, W. G. Muntz, T. Tlerney. A.
J. Lloyd. Accommodations — Lucie-n Godchaux.
J. Donovan S. Whltcomb. Transportation —
J. Boares, G. J. Clark, W. W. Shuhaw, W. G.
Aluntz. Concessions — A. Knox, R. Gelsenhofer,
William Kelly. I. B. Ury, Luclen Godchaux.
Governor Pardee. who intended to be
present, was. prevented from coming by
a railroad accident. The following tele
gram was read:
• "Derailed car delays train. Cannot
be .with you to-night.
"GEORGE C. PARDEE."
San Leandro City Park
Is the Scene of Brilliant
Spectacle and Grayety
There are two other cases now on file
In the Superior Court of this county,
the husband's petition to declare his
wife an incompetent and have himself
appointed the gnardian of her- person
and estate, and the wife's complaint for
a divorce, alleging cruelty. The hear
ing of the petition for guardianship
will come up before Judge Lennon next
Monday.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 10. — The troubles
of the Seamans are adding to the court
records of Marin County. George B.
Seaman, through his attorneys, filed an
action to-day against Irene L. Cuzner,
his wife's daughter by a former mar
riage, and Guy Cuzner (her husband),
George Henry Abel, his wife's divorced
husband, George Frederick Abel and
George Ernest Abel, her sons by Abel,
John Doe and Richard Roe, charging
them with the alienation of his wife's
affections, and demanding that they
pay him $50,000 damages.
Seaman alleges tnat the defendants,
with the exception of Guy Cuzner, con
spired together and by many false
hoods, false statements and misrepre
sentations to his wife alienated her af
fections and caused her to shun and
avoid him and withdrew her friendship,
comfort and companionship from him.
Seaman married Edith M. Abel April
16, 1902, and for the last two years his
happiness, he alleges, has been marred
by the defendants' interference. She
secured a divorce from Abel without
opposition on his part in the Alameda
County courts. Both Mr. and Mrs. Sea
man^have passed the prime of life.
The tract lies to the south and west
of the university and extends to the
neighboring foothills. The famous old
manor of Peter Coutts. the original
owner of the entire Stanford estate
here, will be included in the boundaries
of the newly opened area.
Those who will build on the location
are, for the larger part, members of
the university faculty. Professor Wil
liam H. Duran. the new chief of the
electrical engineering college, will be
among the first to build. The Duran,
residence will be one of the finest -an
the campus. Boarding and fraternity
houses will comprise a large part of the
community.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 10.—
A large tract of the Stanford estate at
Palo Alto, adjoining the present resi
dence section of the university campus,
has been opened for building sitea.
None of the land will be sold, but tha
property will be given out on long
term leases.
OAKLAND, Aug. 10.— Although ~e has
escaped facing trial for complicity in the
murder of Thomas Wj Cook, for which
he was first arrested, James Crowhurst,
the leader of the gang, of East Oakland
thugs who robbed and beat the young
grocer to death, is not to be let off light
ly. This morning Crowhurst was arraign
ed before Judge William R. Geary, on a
charge of having held, up and robbed
Edward Stanley, a barber of East Oak
land, on October 8, 1904.
Percy Pembroke, one of the trio who
have been charged with the murder of
Cook, in his confession to Sheriff Barnet,
told of the robbery of Stanley, and said
that the barber had been held up by
Crowhurst and himself. The young thug
eaid that they had planned to hold up
another man, but that he had escaped
and that when Stanley came along they
held him up at the point of a revolver,
securing $25.
Stanley told Constable Carroll that he
thought Pembroke and Crowhurst were
the men who had held him up, but he was
unwilling to swear to a complaint until
after the former had confessed. The au
thorities are now satisfied that they have
enough evidence against the leader of
the ''Jim Crow gang" to send him to
prison for a long term. *
Crowhurst's preliminary examination
was set for August 23. When he was
arraigned this morning, he was not rep
resented by counsel, but it is understood
that Attorney William Williams of San
Francisco haa been retained to defend
him. .
Professor Wt-inholJ was . one of the last
scholar? of the old school whose Interest anj
j.roductlve activity* embraced the entire field
of Gcrrianlcs, the literary side as well as
(be j.hiio!o?lcal. The vastness of his learn
inß :s shown by the fact that he was an
uuihrrity in medieval and modern German
dialects, In Germanic archaeology and In folk
ii-re. Accordingly his library is extraordinar
ily comprehensive, more so, probably, titan
any of the othtr Germanic libraries that have
been acquired by American universities: and
It is perfectly safe to say, in this age of
specialization, that none like -it in that re
spect will ever be obtainable in the fu
ture. The value of the collection llea, more
over, not only In its size and range, but In
its quality. It contains a large number of
rare old prints, first editions and the like,
Jast the kind of books that are lndlspensahlt;
for leeeareh work but are very rarely found
In American libraries. On the literary elilo
there are hundreds 'of original tditions of
German writers, from Lutner and Hans SacliE
down to Pchiller and Goetne. Of some poets,
notably of Opitz and Wleland, there are al
most complete sets of first editions. The
principal "Musenalmenaehe," the literary al
manaefcs in which much of the best poetry
of the eighteenth century made Its first ap
pearance, are represented by full sets, as
are also some of the "Tasehenbucher," which
occupied a similar place «n literature. The
collection of writings of the "Storm and
Stress" poets and of the RomantlclstG Is es
pecially ricii. And In other fields as well
there is many a rare old tome in covers of
pressed parchment or of leaves from a still
oldor manuscript with beautifully painted
initials. In folklore there la the rare col
lection of proverbs of the year 1560, besides
those of Zinkgref. 1(593, and Ptstorlus. 172 J:
ther<? is the Daemonolojia Rublnzalil of 1683,
and numerous chapbocks of the seventeenth
and eighteenth centuries. In history there
are the chronicles of Aventinus, 15C6, ar.d
Cureus. 1807, the WeKbuch-Spiegel of Sebas
tian Franck, 1534, and the German edition
of the works of Antonius de Guevara, 1644.
The sixteenth century is further represented
by Beatus Rhenanus' biography of Galler yon
Kalstrpberg, 1510. and various controversial
publications of adherents or opponents of the
reformation, as c. g. Erasmus Alberus' Der
Barfueer Munche Eulensplegel, with a preface
by Luther, 1542. The student of the •history
of religious or secular songs will find hymn
books and collections of folk c-ongs with notes
dating back as far as 1605, and the philo
logist will rejoice to see De Smet's De literls
et lingua Getarum, 1507, and an Imposing
array of eighteenth century dictionaries. The
library contains further various - copies ot
medieval manuscripts made by Welnhold cr
by students of his. and an extensive manu
script collection of SHeslan proper nam«i, of
which Welnhold Intended to compile a volum
inous dictionary. The total number of vol
umes In the library. is 610<5. and of pamphlets
T2~9. The acquisition of this splendid collec
tion makes the German department of the
library of the State university one of the best
equipped in the country and Is an event of the
greatr-st Importance to American students of
Germanics generally.
BERKELEY. Aug. 10.— The difficult
task of classifying and setting up the
great Welnhold Library in the German
seminary room of the university library
building has just been ' completed by
Professor Hugo K. Schilling. It was
Professor Schilling who Interested John
D. Spreckels j n tne library of the late
Professor Weinhold of the University
of Berlin, Mr. Spreckels eventually pro
viding the sum of JSOOO for the pur
chase of the library and the expense
of transporting it to California-
Professor Schilling, himself a German
scholar of distinction; has prepared the
following description of the library, in
cluding an estimate of its value, from
a. scholar's standpoint:
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NATIVES OPEN
THEIR BIG FAIR
German Scholar Pro* ides Ac
count of Worth of Books
Brought From Old World
Percy Pembroke, in His Con
fession. Declares That Ac
cused Robbed Ed. Stanley
Says That the Defendants
Conspired to Kob Him of
the Affections of Spouse
Lots Extend to Foothills and
Command a Grand Xievr,
of the Santa Clara Valley
Maristany came here twenty years ago
and invested heavily in local realty, own-
Ing twenty ' houses. He was reputed to
be worth more than $100,000 and was re
garded as a clear-headed business man.
After the. death of his first wife, who
passed away in an insane asylum ten
years ago, Maristany married Mrs. Caro
line Sperry of San Francisco, "who soon
tired of her wealthy spouse, secured a
divorce from him and also one half of
his realty holdings. Nothing daunted by
this expensive marital alliance and sep
aration, the capitalist yielded for the
third time to the wiles of Dan Cupid and
became the husband of Madame An
nette Harbldge. She proved to be an
adventuress, who had at various times
In her career carried the matrimonial
yoke with four other men. Maristany'B
last wife deserted him four years ago,
but before bidding him goodby she had
prevailed upon him to deed her property
valued at $30,000. Maristany later ascer
tained that Madame Harbidge had never
been divorced from husband ..number
four, Bernhard Prieman of London. Frle
man wrote Maristany a letter of condo
lence, in which he related how the mar
rying madame had fleeced him of $4000.
Maristany was of French extraction,
a native of Barcelona, Spain, aged about
seventy years.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 10.— Joseph Maris
tany. one-time capitalist and prominent
local character, whose second and third
matrimonial ventures proved his finan
cial undoing and compelled him to- 1 de
pend upon the selling of lottery tickets
to eke out an existence, was found dead
to-day in his room at 1312 Park street.
His body, dressed in night clothes, was
discovered by Adam Bieleck lying on the
floor of the apartment. Life had been
extinct for several hours, according to
Dr. J. E. Clark, who had attended • the
man and who says that his demise was
due to heart disease and other compli
cations.
3frs. L. 31. Harrison^ Who
Claims she Was Hodgkins*
Victim. Finn in Assertions
That She Gave Him Coin
BOA UP MAY TAKE
STEPS TO INVESTIGATE
Midwife. Charged With 3lur
der. Says He Extorted $1000
From Her While She Was
Under Suspicion of Crime
SCHILLING'S WORK ENDS
EVIDENCE IS STKONfx
One-Time Alameda Capitalist Reduced to
Lottery-Ticket ;Selling in Old Age.
MAKES SERIOUS CIIABGE
LAND IS TO BE LEASED
Weinhold Collection at Uni
versity Classified and
Set Up by a Professor
Begins Proceedings to Be
cover Big Damages From
the Eelatives of His Wife
\u2666Tames Crowhurst, Leader of
Gang of Youthful Thugs,
to Be Tried • for ; Felony
Sites for the Residences of
Stanford Professors Upon
the University Campus
OAKLAND'S
POLICE CHIEF
IS ACCUSED
GREAT LIBRARY
READY FOR USE
MUST ANSWER
FOR ROBBERY
SEAMAN FILES
ANOTHER SUIT
NEW BUILDING
TRAC T OPENED
MARRIAGES LEAD HIM
TO PAUPER GRAVE.
Joseph Maristany, Once Rich, but Impov
erished by Marital Troubles, Dies.
NEWUS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST II.'VJOS.
BOY RUNS AWAY.— Oakland. Aug. 10.—
Adrian Tole, the 12- year-old son of Prank Tole
of 006 East Twentieth street, ran away from
home on July 11 and since that time his par
enta have beenunable to find any trace of him.
It was at first thought that the boy would
soon | return, 1 but his continued absence haa
alarmed his father, who haa asked, the police
to locate him. •
"Mrs. Harrison simply lies if she says I
received any money from her. I was
never at her house in my life and I
never received any money from her in
any way, shape or form for any pur
pose." -','.,';
"Huney." I did not want the tirl at ray
house, and she Wt on that account. Now
that this story of the money has become pub
lic, I shall go before the Police Commission
ers, if necessary, and prt-9s charges against
tlip Chief of Police.
Concerning the charges. Chief Hodgkins
said:
fluently to the Chief at his office. When
Hodgkins was here he treated Grace In a very
end?H.rii!X way, calling her "Kid" and
PASSES FROM SLEEP TO DEATH.
OAKLAND, Aug. 10. — After an unbro
ken sleep of two days, from which It
was impossible to rouse her, Mrs. Fan
nie McAllls. aged It years, died last
night at the home of her daughter, Mrs.
W. P. Hook, at 961 Madison street. Sho
leaves three children, Mrs. Wi P. - Hook,
William McAllis and T. H. McAllis. No
arrangements for the funeral have yet
been announced.
OAKLAND, Aug. 10.— Directors Irish,!
Scott and Randolph of the Industrial
Home for the Adult Blind have been
appointed as a committee to confer
with "Attorney General Webb on the
procedure to be followed In the con
struction of the new shops at the home
In -this <Ht"y, for which $25,000 has been
appropriated by the State Legislature.
Tentative plans have been "submitted to
the board, but action has been deferred,
pending the conference: The new shops
will be erected on the I Thfrty-slxth
street frontage, on the site of the pres
ent building, which will be moved and
utilized as a storehouse. The interior
arrangements ~wilt;,be planned to meet
.the peculiar requirements of: the insti
tution..-The directors hope to" complete
the preliminaries by the next, monthly
meeting. . ', . ' •'. -
NEW SHOPS FOR THE BIiTVD.
6
kJIJ of her life. Becoming
a mother should be a source of joy to all, but the suffering and
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother's Friend is the only remedy which relieve^ women of tbe great
pain and danger of maternity ; this hour which is dreaded as woman's
eevereet trial is not only made painless, but all the danger is .avoided
by its use. Those who use this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy; nervousness, nausea and other distressing conditions are
overcome, the system is made ready for the coming event, and tha
serious accidents so common to the critical
hour are obviated by the use of Mother's J^ii^>f\fJS^^w>i9 ! o
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," |tn|§f>a^|^**l^ %k
cays many who have used it. $i.oo per ißßXySfili^rfi . v
bottle at drug stores. Book containing %
valuable information of interest to all women, will ECrv s rffcTh g&
be sent to any address free upon application to nS^iara^
BRADFtELD REGULATOR CO., Atlanta* Ga- M 1 B«wl£-<HNEW YORK, Aug. 10.— A new $5C0,000
church edifice, almost an exact duplicate of
the fine St. Thomas Episcopal Church which
was burned on Tuesday, will be built Imme
diately on the old site.
Of course if the use of automobiles gradu
ally becomes more common. th»-re may come a
time when an ordinance like the one here in
question would be unreasonable. As country
horses are frequently driven into cities and
towns, many of them will gradually become
accustomed to the sight of automobiles and the
(larger of their use of country roads will
grow less. But the Supervisors who passed
th:s ordinance were dealing with present con
ditions in Marin County and we are not pre
pared to say judicially that under present con
ditions the ordinance is so unreasonable as to
be void.
The Supreme Court has decided that
the famous Marin County automobile
ordinance is valid for the present, al
though changing conditions may alter
the constitutionality of the measure.
The contested law is restrictive and
highly obnoxious to those who like to
travel in the machines that eat up
miles of landscape in a breath of time.
Stopping the space annihilators while
country horses plodded by occasioned
motorists so much discomfort that they
determined to test the validity of the
ordinance and Thomas C. Berry was
selected to serve as a sacrifice. He
openly violated the law and was ar
rested. \u25a0 The Superior Court remanded
him to the custody of the Sheriff and
he brought the matter before the Su
preme Court on a petition for awrit of
habeas corpus. After mature consid
eration the Justices have set forth their
conclusions as follows:
Supreme Court Believes Motorists .May
Have Restrictions Placed Upon
Their Use of Highways.
MARIX COUXTY AUTOMOBILE
LAW IS CONSTITUTIONAL
Kver considered thr nplendld car ser
vice. e!!inatl«' ndrantacDi «>f the Rich
mond District? Exceptional offers to
lionio-weeUer* In Sunday's Real IXnte
Afgeltlnsvr will endeavor to have the
Sur"*" visolS consent 10 an expenditure
of J5OOO to ttuiid a stable on some
Jot owned by the city. He thinks the
horses condemned as unfit for Fire
Department uses can be utilized to haul
street sweepings and sprinkling wap
ons In that way the city itself would
be enabled to clean the streets more
satisfactorily^ than the work is being:
done by contract.
Commissioner of Works Aij?eltinger
and Supervisor Bmunhart, chairman of
the Street Committee, yesterday pur
chased ten sprinkling wagon.* at 127.">
each, ten larg'p dumping: wagrons at
J173 o.ich and street sweeping cans
at S2 M each from tne City Street Im
provement Company. The apparatus
will ho added to th<> municipal street
cleanlng plant, which is assumins
larKe proportions
Aijroltfrcrer Plans to IIUIM Municipal
Stable nnd CtJllie Condemned Fire
Urpnrtmrnt Uornfn.
OITV ni'VS ADDITIONAL
STREKT-CLKA.VIXG APPARATUS
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 10. — Teamsters
and laborers in the lumber yards of this
city this morning refused to handle
loads for Lee Brothers' teams, declar
ing: the firm unfair. The strikers were
discharged and now the yards are tied
up. Recently Lee Brothers tried to get
an injunction against the Santa Rosa
Labor Council, which had declared the
firm unfair, and the suit was decided
against the Lees. The move to-day is
the outcome of the. court decision and a
bitter' fight is likely to follow.
Teanmtera and Laborers Go Out on
Strike Following the Failure of
Court to Enjoin Them.
refuse: to handle lumber
for a santa rosa firm
CASE AGAINST WAITRESS DISMISSED.—
On motion of the District Attorney yesterday
Judge Cook dismissed the case of Evelyn Starr,
charged with grand larceny, on the ground
that the evidence was insufficient to convict.
The woman is a waitress In a dance hall at
Jackson and Kearny streets, and It was al
leged that on the night of June IS she stole
$XCOO from M. Traynor, a visitor from Sydney,
Australia. .
It is no longer necessary for persons
to suffer from skin diseases since Dr.
Finsen's Invaluable gift to humanity
cures them, and even removes birth
marks.
While in Europe recently Dr. Keck
made a study of . Finsen's discoveries,
and brought back with him a Finsen
ray machine. Although little attention
has been paid, to it in America, in Eu
rope the Finsen light has cured thou
sands of persons of skin diseases. Dr.
Finsen believed that the concentrated
rays of sunlight, robbed of the heat
rays and leaving only the violet, and
ultra violet rays, would kill disease
germs. He proved that his theory was
correct. In 1903 he already had a rec
ord of having cured 800 cases of lupus,
besides many less virulent skin dis
eases.
It may be laid down as a rufe, with
few exceptions, that medical discussions
have little interest for the lay reader;
but a paper on the "Finsen Light," In
the Pacific Medical Journal for August,
by Dr. F. C. Keck, professor of electro
therapeutics in the College of Physi
cians and Surgeons, is worthy of com
ment.
College Profemior Tells' In Medical
Journal About Scientific
Discovery.
FIXSEV PROVES LIGHT IS
FATAL TO DISEASE GERMS
• • •
With a food-laden tray balanced upon
his head Chee Gee, restaurateur, was
"But." pleaded Mr. Woods to Judge
Fritz. "I hail been drinking and tapped
the till in a spirit of fun. intending to re
store the money to the barkeep after I
had lauphed sufficiently over his discom
fiture. Before the money could be re
turned, however, I was nailed. 1 car
ried the Joke too far, which would not
have happened if I had been sober."
Several napkin-wafters testified that
Mr. Woods' character for honesty was
enviable. They never had known him to
deliberately "short-change" a diner, and
on more than one occasion he had de
clined to accept a larger "tip" than the
person who proffered it could well af
ford to bestow. =i . '
So the extraordinary waiter was per
mitted to plead guilty of petty larceny
and then a thirty-days' sentence was im
posed.
Joseph Woods, a professional waiter,
confessed that he plundered the cash
register In Dickey's wayside Inn, . near
Golden Gate Park, while the bartender
and nocturnal custodian of the establish
ment slumbered. '
• • •
Xavier Mifret, professional violinist,
did steal and carry away from the resi
dence of P. Previati. which Is No. 12 Sal
mon alley, one cornet of Berlin make
and Incalculable value, for which of
fense Xavier Mifret was tried before
Judge Conlan, whose pronouncement was
that of guilty.
P. Previati informed the court that he
prized the pilfered cornet hardly less
than life Itself, not only because of its
silvery tone, but also on account of his
long possession of it. He might have
forgiven Signor Mifret's purloining of it
if the motive had been other than mer
cenary, for he (Signor Previati) could
hardly resist stealing the superb instru
ment if it were not his property. But
ai Signor Mifret's instrumental specialty
is the violin, and as he pawned the
splendid cornet for a slckeningly small
sum, Signor Previati could not condone
the larceny.
Signor Mifret will be sentenced this
morning.
William Millos, manager of a. restau
rant at 1105 Folsom street, is ori Judge
Fritz's calendar with a charge of as
sault to murder annexed to his name. He
had a dispute with William Patton over
the latter's protest of the price charged
him for two meals, and the complaint
states that he fired two shots at Mr. Pat
ton. The case will be heard to-day.
• • •
"Tell me." said Mr. Dodge to the bailiff
who escorted him back to the cage, "do
they allow you to put Florida water in
your bath at the County Prison?"
"No," was the unfeeling reply; "they
don't even allow you to drink it."
Mr. Dodge informed the court that he
was an allopathic healer with a lucrative
practice in a Middle AVestern town when
he decided to come to the land of per
petual violets. His soberly-neat clothing,
sedate countenance' and gold-rimmed
glasses did not tend to belie his state
ment. •
"But you can't be allowed to go un
punished for having made an animated
perfumery shop of yourself at other peo
ple's expense." said his Honor. "Your
sentence is four months."
ter the unscented atmosphere of the
County Jail he would die of nausea— he
knew he would.
GOLDEN JUBILEE. — The Independent Or
der of B'nai B'rith. District No. 4 of th? Pa
cific Coast, will celebrate the golden anniver
sary of its institution on next Sunday evening
at the Alharnbra Theater. There will be a
literary and musical programme and addresses
by William Saalburs. i. G. P.; Hugo K. Ash
«r, G. P.; Lucius L. Solomon. P. G. P.. and
Otto Irving Wise. G. O.
BURKS VAUNTS SAN* FRANClSCO.—Sec
retary Burks of the San Francisco Chamber
of Commerce has devised a practical way in
which to bring before thousands of visitors at
the Lewis and Clarjt Exposition the facts re
lating to the commerce and general prosperity
of San Francisco. Being Invited to write an
article for the Portland Board of Trade Jour
nal, he has prepared a comprehensive review.
Therein he declares Incidentally that the bay
of San Francisco is one of the four great
harbors of the world.
Mr Rice is of the opinion that as
many miners are at work in Bullfrog as
In Goldfield. and that while the sr-nsa
tional values found In the Goldfield
mines will not be found bo prevalent In
Bullfrog, the latter camp will prove as
lasting as Cripple Creek and Leadville.
Immense bodies of low grade ore are
disclosed on Ladd Mountain. Bonanza
Mountain and Montgomery Mountain,
all within .1 mile of the booming town
of Bullfrog, and well posted mining en
gineers who have examined the coun
try se'm a unit that Bullfrog mining
ls"a proposition of quarrying and mill-
Ing only. In the early days of Gold
fiold not quite two years ago, town lots
xr?re piliing at $50 rach that since have
sold .ifi high as J5OOO. and Mr. Rice say?
history win repeat itsoif in Bullfrog.
He predicts s> real estate as well as a
mining boom for the new country.
"Within a fcv.- months all of this will
be rhangred. The transformation will
be complete and sudden. Then, unless
the law of cause and effect Is found to
work inversely, Nevada will witness a
mining- boom In Bullfrog- that will put
In the shade those that Tonopah and
Goldf.eld enjoyed in their first heyday"
"There are no less than three elec
tric power companies now building into
Bullfrog. Across the California line. 90
or 100 miles away, there are rushing,
turbulent streams and rivers, running
waste. Water and power there; pold
and no power in Bullfrog.- The natural
result is coming in the compensating
exchange, with electricity as a medium.
"What this means to Bullfrog is be
yond estimation, for It Insures the pro
fitable handling of ores carrying values
of $10 per ton upward. Until the pres
ent the mines have been unable to han
dle any but the high grade shipping
ores, the rich mineral products that pay
far and beyond the high cost of trans
portation, by mule team and railroad,
to distant mills and smelters.
'"In addition, a railroad is being
graded at this moment from Las Vegas,
on the south, to Bullfrog, a distance of
12". miles. It will be an extension of
the San Pedro road and will connect
Kalt Lake City and Los Angeles with
the great Nevada mineral belt. There
are : cities of good size that will envy
the town of Bullfrog and the mines that
surround it for its railway facilities
when these roads are constructed.
Francis y*sTerday. "They apparent
ly have the mines and the men of sub-
Etanc* ;:t Bullfrog to make that won
dt-rfuliy mineralized country a quick
producer of sensational quantities of
high &r;tde ore.
"The broad-gauge railroad from To
t "I ;ih to Goldfield. 27 miles long, will
be in operation September 1. Immedi
ately on its completion, the officials of
the Tonepah road assure me. the build
ing of the road from Goldfield to Bull
frog will commence. It is a matter of
?<> miles only, and as there are no prob
lems of engineering to be solved it is
expected the road will be completed by
tho first of the year.
"The first nows from Bullfrog when I
the war;:; wave has spent itself will be '
the signal for one of the biggest gold
mining excitements since the days of]
the Comstock/* declared G. G. Rice, the'
Sfew York newspaper correspondent, |
now located in Goldfield. at the St. 1
The Santa Fe announce another of their pop.
u?ar excursions to the Grand Canyon of Ari
zona, to be run from San Francisco via Cali
fornia Limited August 17. The extremely low
rate of *«swiii be made for that date oniy.
This paj?'^.fi expenses of me trip, including
railway fare. Pullman berth and meals on the
dlnlns-car going and returning, and five daya
at the new luxurious hotel "El Tovar." on tho
rim of the Canyon. Call on or write to Fred
\V. Prince, C. T. A., &>1 Market street. •
California Rivers Running- Waste
to Distant Seas Harnessed
for Nevada Hines.
The committee of arrangements con
sisted of Mrs. Richardson, chairman;
Mrs. Thomas ODea, Miss Katie Doyle.
Miss Fanny Eckells, Mrs. J. Ftedrickes.
Mrs. J. Spring. Mrs. J. Mac Donald, Miss
Kate McGivern, Miss M. McMahon, Miss
May Niland, Miss Josephine Myres and
Miss Zimmerman.
The entertainment concluded with a
dance, William ODea acting as floor
manager.
Fancy dance, Violet Macdonald and Silas
Hooper: vocal eolo. Miss Kate Flynn: piano
solo. Miss Mary Leahy; vocal solo. Miss Mac
Santa Cruz; four-handed reel — Messrs. Kelle
her and O'Connell. Hazel and Bessie Allen;
vocal solo, James F. Renwlck; recitation. Miss
C, Daley: vocal solo. Miss G. Frye: step
dancing, J. J. O'Connor and Miss Mac Leddy,
America's foremost Irish dancers, by permis
sion of A. X. P. \V. ; recitation. Miss J. Clark.
An entertainment was given last
evening by St. John's Booth in aid of
St. John's Church Fair at Mission Turn
Verein Hall. The programme was re
plete with excellent numbers, all of
which were cleverly given and encores
were frequent.
The programme was as follows.
Major J. Westplear being chairman:
Given Admirable Entertainment In Aid
of Church Fair, Which Is
Heartily' Appreciated.
GREAT ELECTRIC POWER
ST. JOHN'S BOOTH OFFERS
AX ENJOYABLE PROGRAMME
Boom Predicted for Bullfrog
Mining When Two Rail
roads Are Completed.
A meeting of merchants to consider
the Chinese boycott against the pro
ducts of the United States will be held
to-day in the board room of the Mer
chants' Exchange at 1:30 o'clock. Sen
ators Perkins and Flint and the mem
bers of the California delegation in the
House of Representatives have been
invited to attend and take part in tho
deliberations. The meeting is called by
the Merchants' Exchange. No response
has been received yet from President
Roosevelt to the request to instruct
United States Minister Rockhill at Pe
king to collect all facts relating to the
boycott, but there is a chance that
some additional information may be re
ceived to-day to be presented at the
meeting 1 .
Senators and Representatives of Cali
fornia Congressional Delegation
Invited to Take Part.
The Chinese bureau, learning of the
deceit which had been cleverly prac
ticed, put Its machinery to work in
the hope of capturing the two remain
ing women, but -in spite of the search
their whereabouts had not been found
out yesterday.
At the mission It was stated that
Mrs. Davis, the superintendent, was out
of town and would not return until to
morrow, and that in the meantime no
information was to be given out.
Three Chinese women who arrived on
the Siberia were allowed a landing last
Monday on the representation of three
Chinese, claiming nativity here,, that
they were the husbands of the women.
It transpired, however, that the
women were brought to the United
States for immoral purposes. One of
them got into communication with the
Methodist Chinese Mission on "Wash
ington street and was rescued. This
woman made a confession to the effect
that she was not married to the Celes
tial who claimed her and was at once
given the protection and care of the
mission.
Celestials Claim Them as Wive*, bat It
It Later Shown That Evidence
Was Kalse.
COMSTOCK DAYS
TO BE REVIVED
THREE CHINESE WOMEN LAXD
THROUGH 3IISREPRESEXTATIOX
MEETIXG IS CALLED TO TAKE
UP CHIXESE BOYCOTT .MATTER
Thomas White is before Judge Conlan
on the charge of having violated the
trademark law by filling with soda
water several bottles which bore th&
stamp "Anna H, Jackson." The com
plaint was filed by the Bottlers' As
sociation. Ira L Vance of 518 Gough
street is the complaining witness.
William Brown, a business man, and
F. P. Egan, a chauffeur, corroborated
James A. McGinley's statement that
William F. Hopkins' deliberately lay in
wait for him and stabbed him with
murderous intent while he was leaving
a house on Ellis street one night sev
eral weeks ago. The attack was In re
taliation for Hopkins' ejectment from
the house after he had struck a woman
inmate. McGinley's wounds were so
serious as to confine him to his home
for several weeks, and he is still under
a surgeon's care. The coat and shirt
worn by him when stabbed were pro
duced in evidence, and the knife cuts
shown to the Judge.
Hopkins was concealed in a hall
way, between two doors, when he al
lowed Brown and Egan to pass him
unmolested, after which he plunged his
knife Into McGinley. The prosecution
claims that this showed premeditation,
as McGinley had been most conspicu
ous in protecting the woman from Hop
kins' onslaught.
The defense will be given an inning
next Thursday.
W. Dunn had not rented the room in a
Bush-street lodging house in which he
was found abed and fast asleep, nor
would he vacate the apartment when re
quested to do so by the indignant land
lady. She summoned Patrolman Hines,
whom the intruder also defied, falsely
claiming that he had paid for his use of
the room, so the officer arrested him and
Judge Fritz fined him $5.
- * * * ' \u25a0'
Henry Hahn, a teamster for McNab &
Smith, carriers, was given custody of 100
sacks of sugar and instructed to convey
them to a certain warehouse, but he
placed only ninety-nine of them in his
wagon and appropriated the odd one as
a perquisite, for which he was pro
nounced guilty of petty larceny. Judge
Conlan reserved sentence.
• • • •
Madame Cotin smilingly nodded re
sponse to Chee Gee's genuflection, and
Chee Gee ignored the kow-tow tendered
to him by John Flynn.
"Well, as you all seem to be satisfied
you'd better make room here for the
next case." said the Judge.
proceeding along Dupont street, his des
tination being the house of the respect
able and opulent \Yoy Ling, when he was
jostled in such rude manner by John
Flynn, laborer, that his burden tottered
and crashsd to the sidewalk, despite his
agile effort to save it from downfall.
•'Git out of me way, ye chink!" Mr.
Flynn was alleged to have said after the
collision, which apparently was ma
liciously planned and executed by him.
Chee Gee's response was a howl of
;ago, a picking up of fragments of his
shattered crockery and a hurling of
them at Mr. Flynn with such inac
curacy of aim that they missed that
gentleman's person and smashed the
window of Madame Sarah Cotin's cafe,
1109 Dupont street. "Whereupon that
lady emerged in wrath and gave both
Chee Gee and John Flynn into the
custody of a policeman.
"Ah. heaven," said Madame Cotin to
Judge Conlan. "eef zc Chinee-man for
ze win-dow pay I weel ze mer-say
show!"
"Me belly solly," said Chee Gee, bow
ing low to Madame Ootin.
"An' I'm sorry meself," said John
Flynn, making obesiance to Chee Gee.
"Sorrow dpes not 'replace broken
window panes," sagely observed his
Honor.
. "Zafs ze talk," admiringly acquiesced
Madame Cotin.
"Me payee fi' dolla." Chee Gee sug
gested.
"Zen I forgeeve you," responded
Madame Cotin.
"What is your proposal, Mr. Flynn?",
the court inquired.
"I can only express me sorrow for
th' accident," was the reply.
"Oh, him allee light," magnanimously
declared Chee Gee.
Alter pleading guilty of petty larceny
lir. Dodge, expressed Inability to ac
count for his larcenous penchant. No, he
had not stolen anything except perfum
ery, and his passion for it must be in
herent, as all his life he had found pleas
ing odors as essential to his comfortable
existence as ether persons found opium
or alcohol. The shock conveyed to his
nervous system by foul smells was in
describably great, and it was in self
pn-tcction asainst them that he had kept
himself constantly \ besprinkled wjth the
stoler. sweets whicVi his meager salary
was inadequate to purchase. If his sen
sitive nostrils were compelled to encoun-
"This prisoner, your Honor." Bailiff
Laws vouchsafed, pointing at Mr. Dodge,
"is saturated with sweet scents."
Mr. Dooge was accused of stealing bot
tled perfumt-ry from the Owl Drug Com
pany, where he had been employed for
four months prior to his arrest, and De
tectlve Coleman testified that the de
fondant's apartment, at 42 Turk street,
contained similar plunder in great quan
tity, nis pilfering having been carried on
all the time he was in the complaining
firm's service.
No snorr-r iiid-f>. B. Dodge enter Police
Judge Conlan's courtroom than the cham
ber lost its wonted musty odor and be
came filled with variegated fragrance.
Instead of the erstwhile mingled smells of
damp umbrellas and stale newspapers
there assailed the olfactories of attaches
and <_-haTr-w:irmcrs a combination of all
the fashionable and several obsolete per
fumes, among the former being "Baby's
Breath," and the latter including "Nig
ger Musk."
"My!" exclaimed the Judge, sniffing as
he uttered the exclamation, "Whence the
redolence ?*'
BY JAMES C CRAWFORD.
The party consists of E. H. Aull. Mr?.
E. H. Aull, Miss Alice Aull, James Aull
nrA Master Humbert Aull; \V. Turner Lo
jran; 1.. B. LJttle, G. A. Selby. H. C.
liayncsworth. 1,. G. Young. Rev. and
Mrs. J. F. Jacobs. Miss Clara Duckett.
Dr. J. O. Mace. J. B. Peurifoy, J. S.
Bailer. \Y. N. Moore. Mis? M. \Y. Muni
pan. Rev. and Mrs. G. L. Knight, Misses
Lizzie und Julia Ragxiale. Rev. C. A.
Freed. Mrs. W. J. Bailey. 1.. T. 1.. Man
ning. Miss Kmma B. Hale and R. L.
MrNally.
This morning: tho party will visit the
Cliff Hor.se and Golden Gate Park and
in the afternoon will go to Mare Island
on the steamer Corcoran. Their enter
tainment there has already been arranged
for
A party of the representative journa-
M.-is o; South Carolina, who are on ihoir
way to the Portland exposition in a pri
vate car. arrived here yesterday, alter
a .our of Southern California, and wiil
'• ::vo to-morrow for the north. Yes
:«r'rday the visitors were the guests of
the California Promotion Committee,
which escorted them across the bay by
way of the Key route at 1:40 o'clock to
the California University and later U>
Oaklai.J and Alamerfa, where they were
entertained. In Alamcda the visitors
were siven a riile about the town in au
tomobiles. Returning to this city last
evening: the journalists, who represent
the jiress association of their State,
were shown through Chinatown.
Editors From tiie South Are
on Tlieir Way to the
Lewis and Clark Exposition
Miss Miller told the detectives that
she originally owned forty-seven arti
cles of jewelry of this character. She
has disposed of thirty-eight of them
throughout the city, and, until she ran
amuck of Rosenburg and his file, she
met with success. She says the chains
cost her about $11 apiece and that she
only doubled their cost price when she
disposed of them. The jewelry is a very
good imitation.
It is the opinion of the police that
Miss Miller committed no crime. She
merely worked a game which some
pawnbrokers often work on the unsus
pecting public, and offered the same ex
cuse for her conduct as they do when
their victims assert they did not receive
their moneys worth. She requested the
loan of money on her wares, and the
brokers, believing them to be gold in
stead of lead and heavy plating, paid
the amount asked. According to their
statements, the woman did not repre
sent the articles to be gold, but allowed
them to judge for themselves according
to weight, tests and appearance. The
pawnbrokers, scenting a bargain, de
livered up the loan.
Josie Miller, who, with an accom
plice, rloocicd the town with spurious
jewelry, was released from custody last
night, but it is likely that she will be
arrested again mis morning: pn com
piaint of several of the pawnbrokers
wno fell the victims of her wares. De
tective Tom Kyan, who has nad charge
of the caso, notified the dealers tha^.
they must make complaint against the
woman, otherwise she would be granted
her liberty. None of tnem appeared at
the appointed hour and the prison doors
were thrown open to the prisoner, who
hastily left the Hall of Justice.
Soon after the woman's release from
police custody two of tho disgruntled
victims rushed to the hall, but Detec
tive Ryan had left for his home and
they were told to get a warrant for the
woman's arrest to-day. This they prom
ised to do, and despite the fact that
they were told a charge would hardly
be sustained before any court they were
willing to take a chance on the prose
cution.
Bogus Jewelry Is Clever Im
itation and Satisfied the
Tests Made by Dealers
Scent Is Radiated
by Larcenous
Druggist.
VISITING CHINATOWN
FOUND 31ANY VICTIMS
South Carolina Journalists
Spend Busy Day as Guests
of Promotion Committee
Disgruntled Pawnbrokers to
Cause Her Kearrest, but
Conviction Is Not Certain
SEEING SIGHTS
OF BAY CITIES
JOISE MILLER
GIVEN LIBERTY
Musty Odor Routed
by Variegated .
Fragrance.
DISTILLED SWEETNESS
REFRESHES COURT.
THF; SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY.. AUGUST 11, 1905.
7
NoTelephone or C. O. D. Orders— Prices for Friday Only.
<^0£0&^ Choice Creamery Neckwear mSBm
/ (^^&)^ >^ JLSL ! Pique Collars jgj
1&^^ .'. '• ' - MjIJTT@Y • with the new sgy
' ' i I^MIIVfI ; stylish long tab. j^o^
Beauty PiIJS Specially priced for Friday: f^f r . J'£ flg^>
In sets of 2; 14 karat gold filled, 3t)d Saturday ) Surprise Special
in a number of handsome pat- -~«~ *+~~~~~ — ~~J * q
terns. Sell - regularly at 25c • a • lOC
pair Friday Surprise Spe f C QWCeneS "T- LiqUOTS \u25a0„ , \u25a0-\u25a0 , „
ciai, pair i*/C • Women s M/acn C nil arc
n . c \u0084 Friday and Saturday only. TTT^ , , «
lln inn Slllfc . , »« We nave 35 dozen of these, all
UlllUll DUIIS Sn^eePalT^e SU P ' bottle t^ with the very latest tabs. Reg-
Swiss Ribbed Lisle Thread cut c/r^ava^ndMoVhab^ndVeUhS ular price 50c and 75 c. Friday
low neck, sleeveless, knee bean or ground, pound 29c Surprise Special, each.. OC-
length; trimmed with a is4-inch £ c ' r.iezie Sardine*— Genuine lm £*JL
Torchon lace edge; very elas- ported; 3 tins 26c ' \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
tic; in white only. Regular imported Swiss Cheese — Ementhal. Children's School
price 50c. Friday Sur- 7Q- pound 2Sc? -- ,- - . -
prise Special •?•£ *o«ln Crack^m— Standard Biscuit H3Yl(lKerCriieiS
1. X Company, one-eighth boxes, fresh \u25a0 \u25a0 **« wi* wi viiiwitf
I r » t n and crisp, box 4Se Made of lawn with neat hemstitch-
ifliaflTS tlOSe El Key Bourbon whisky — Bottle.. ing. plain and colored border.
This is a Lisle hose, plain ribbed, Bu^^ «V^ii^ExV™ iiddK & O^
black or lace effects, in pink, ncr wines, gallon ...SOe surprise special, o tor it-
blue or white. Double toe, heel imported Port or Duff Gordon Sher-
and knee. Regular price, pair, ry— lo years old Regular prices __ f __ _
->-c Frirlav Q,, rn rU P J* <\ 1 S l - 00 bottle and $4.00 per gallon*' vJIOW C riPfl(\lU&7lY
2 D c. Friday burpnse "I*)!* Sale prices, bottle 75c; gallon.. IflClJ d JICIAWCai
S P ecial - P air k£>2L *«- ir > Silk four-in-hand in all latest
HUCn /OVVC/S DC $1.00. Sale price, gallon T-tc price 25c. Friday Surprise -f 7-
We have about 75 dozen Huck strnlcht nourton Whisky-Aged in | • Special, 3 for sOc. Each AiL
Towels of soft finish; some hem- ££?• bottle P " CB . -«5c uT^ 1 T' Ut
mcd and other with deep fringe. Bnrke ,; Port e*llGuinness. dozen.'. .'. I^o/116/15 IIQuJS
They are a lot ot odds and ends 52.10 Lisle thread in black c £f or
which we shall offer as a Fri- claret— Extra table, quart bottle.. anteed not to crock S.Vr* atn
day Surprise Special, each T • 2 «* 6 Worth 65c Friday Ao!
'•\u25a0"' ***• 1 Surprise Special HOC
Mermen's Talcum | J t^ftlt^Oj S* ew f
f?n\Al(ip? f^^jr r&JVjSP** W(^ Enameled in blue and white; three-
1 UrvUdl rg r A|AV>SV>S hewab'Cß quart sizes. Regular price 70c.
%% g urpr r ise o SpecTai WM 13c W MARKET&dONES ' S&i
A^ a Piano now
THAT'S all you pay— s6 now and $6 than if you bought the instrument at its
a month. -But you must buy right regular price,
'now during our Clearance and-. Ex- Every piano in the store is reduced. You
pansion Sale if you want to save practically can select from many makes— all reliable.
$100 on your purchase. This means 16 Every instrument is guaranteed. The
payments are practically made on the Kohler & Chase guarantee fully protects
piano the minute you pay us_s6 and have you — at present and for. years to come,
the piano -delivered. • v : Are you going to buy that piano now or
Think of it! In buying now the piano wait and miss this chance of getting 16
is paid for a year and.one-third quicker payments free of charge ?
OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS ' .
V^LU^/Si #"ML ~~^ Cor - Post and Kearn y
f\Oni6r \Kh i^ndS6 Larsest Kano House ° n the cc ° ast
mm%JMmmyfm MV estabushed iaso
THE 1905 YALE-CALirORNIA MOTOR BICYCLE
- PRACTICAL FOR LEVEL OR MOUNTAIN .ROADS.
§jss| Sole Distributor* for: Pacific Coa«t 1 .
> LEAVITT & BILL,
SOTf 300 LARKIN STREET. SAN FRANCISCO. CAI . .-ANSWERS TO QUERIES
No les| is marriage protected in England by the prevailing prejudice
against divorce. Although divorces are no longer barred from the court of St.
James, and although the divorce laws of England have become less stringent
than of yore, yet the English people are thoroughly opposed to what they re
gard as disrespect toward a time-honored and sacred obligation, which they con
sider religious as well as social. .
Sense of nationality is another powerful influence upon the happiness of Eng
lish marriages. Love of home is deeply rooted in the English breast, and this
love of home springs from a' 1 feeling of nationality. Love of family is part of
it equally with love of country. That "national soul" for which President Roose
velt has pleaded with the American people, in speaking of race suicide, needs no
advocate in ; England, for here tradition and custom have put family relations
upon a proper basis. i
LONDON, July 20.
THOUGH one were an ardent advocate of the cause of woman's equal rights
with man, one could not justly criticize Englishmen adversely for exacting
wifely submission, and insisting upon a husband's right to authority in the
household, for even the English woman suffragists have put themselves on record
as conservative and opposed to change in the established ideas of marital rela
tionship. And as the old proverb puts it: "No injustice is done to a consenting
person."
As you possibly remember, when an attempt was made at the international
congress of women, which was held .in Berlin a few years ago, to adopt radi
cal resolutions defying, men,, it was at the wish of the English delegates that the
declaration which had been drawn up asserting that woman does not owe obe
dience to her husband was stricken out, and the word "tyranny," which appeared
in the resolution, was changed to "misuse of power."
The English woman is very sane in her ideas of her marriage obligations.
Though she may desire her legal rights in regard to property, she is content with
her role of woman, and appreciates the influence which she gains through wife
hood and through becoming the mother of sons.
In general, English marriages are happy. For this the feeling of class which
rules all social life is in part responsible. Usually husband and wife have the
same social standing, and this means, naturally, a common point of view, the.
same ambitions and a mutual understanding. \- V /"•
That agreement about life, which Stevenson defines as a sort of talent for
matrimony, and considers as an *ndlspensable factor in congeniality, results and
makes for domestic happiness. And certainly great credit Is due to the wife, for
as the writer of "Virginibus Puerisque" has pointed out, while both husband and
wife must be versed In the niceties of the heart and born with a faculty of willing
compromise if they are to dwell together happily for long years of wedlock, still
much devolves upon the woman. She must be talented as a woman, and it does
not much matter if she is not talented in anything else. "She must know her
'metier de femme' and have a fine touch for the affections."
DOROTHY FEN I MORE
NO RACE SUICIDE IN ENGLAND
IIAI.F OF WORLD'S TIX.
Approximately 43 per cent of all the
tin produced In the world Is consumed In
the United States.
Townsend's California Glace Fruits. In
artistic fire-etched boxes.- New store now
open, 767 Market street. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business bouses and public men by th«
Pre*'< Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1012. •
A new phase of glove manufacture,
namely, the production cf cloth glove*
for the use of drivers, 'motormen and
other workers, has assumed proportions
quite amdreamed of when the industry.
which is a typical American one, was jusi
started. The special feature of. th<» rfcith
glove, which is usually made of canton
flannel, is their great che^pn^s ar.d
lightness, some grades selling for 10 cents
a pair. As many as a hundred different
designs are now turned out by a N*»w
York firm. For drivers, motormen and
motorists the palms and finger fronts in
some of the designs are reinforced with
leather- For garden and outdoor use
some patterns are fitted with gauntlets
and others with stockinette at the wrists.
GLOVES FOR WORKMEN.
That the all-important question of \u25a0 the full
moon, and incidentally the influence of the
goddess Eastra, should be the fountajnhead of
the hare's connection with our Easter customs
may seem strange to \u25a0 tha superficial objwrver
and yet, does not the efflcacy of the left hind-f
foot of a graveyard hara (or rabbit) He In the
fact that this animal is. in the negro mind,
the symbol of the new moon, the conqueror of
darkness. and all evil things? And how many
years is it since, over in the old Vaterland, in
SwaMa, a child would have exposed himself
to a good spanking if he had indulged in th"
pastime of making shadow pictures of hares
on the wall, as It was a sin against the moon?
And if we were to go farther afl«ld we would
find the Chinese representing the moon as a
hara pounding rice in a mortar: and the Jap
anese painting it right across the disc of the
moon; and the Hindus locating its abode in
the moon Itself, and weaving singularly pretty
stories in explanation of the same, one of which
being to the effect that the great god Indra,
the god of the elements, disguised as a starv
ing pilgrim, was once begging men for a little
food, and all in vain, when a hare, seeing his
pitiable condition, and having nothing else to
gi\-e him, threw itself into a neighboring flre
that it might get roasted and thus save his
life,, whereupon the grateful god transferred
the hare to the moon, in witness whereof, no
tice that the Sanskrit "cacas," the leaping one.
Is applied not to the hare alone, but to the
cpots in the moon which show his profile.
The Egyptian word "Un," a hare meant also
"to open," also when used adjectively "periodi
cal." and when employed as a noun "a pe
riod"; it very naturally happened, therefore,
that the hare became the type of periodicity;
and as the moon was from time Immemorial
the great ''measure of time" (its Sanskrit
name, "lias." is derived from ths verb "ma,"
to measure), both were identified in many
ways, and chiefly as marking the opening of
now seasons, the beginning of a new life, etc.;
and it was not, long before the popular mind
connected tha hare with the opening of a new
year at the Easter full moon, and subsequently:
with the Paschal eggs which used to be broken
for the purpose of symbolizing that very open
ing. ]
Her* stepped in an old tradition that the hare !
was originally a bird, that on its own request
It was transformed into & quadruped by the
goddess Eastra (mentioned above), and that in
gratitude it kept on exercising its original j
functions once a year and Uid eggs for its ben- j
efactress on her festal day. Accordingly, chil
dren were sent out on Easter day to look for
hares' eggs and how many of our readers may
remember going on such an errand, who came
to these shores from any of the countries where
Teutonic mythology Etlll holds sway?
In England the only trace of the hare we can
call to mind in connection with Easter Is a
custom which still survives (or at least sur
vived a few years ago) at Coleshill. in War
wickshire, where, if the young men of the par-
Jsh can succeed In catching a hare and bring
it to the parson before 10 a. m. on Easter Mon
day (moon-day) he is by tradition bound to
present them with a hundred eggs.
The suggestion of such a gift may have
sprung from the scarcity of the animal at the
time, for It must be remembered that there
were parts of Great Britain (Scotland, for In
stance), where the rabbit was introduced for
the first time as late as the beginning of th«
nineteenth century. Its original home Is eup
posed to have been Spain, or at least that sec
tion of the Mediterranean . shores. \ '
EASTER— HARE— A. R., City. The
following compiled by a writer for a
Philadelphia paper is an answer to your
question, "What, is the connection of the
hare with Easter?":
SOUP— C. 8., City. It Is proper to. say
"I w!!l cat a plate of soup" and "I will
drink soup." But it depends upon what
kind of soup. If bouillon is served, and
bouillon is a soup, the person 'to whom
it is served has to drink, for it is a
physical impossibility to eat it, but if
a family soup is served the person must
eat it as the greater portion of the ingre
dients must be masticated.
Mr 3. Kiersted will visit briefly with Mr.
and Mrs. McG. Mcßean before making
the northern trip.
Army orders are often synonymous
with lightning— one never knows when
nor where the strike will come.
The recent order for Dr. Kiersted to
go from Ord Barracks la at once a sur
prise and a disappointment, for he will
be stationed in Ala«ka.
Lieutenant Thomas Selfridge is spend
ing a vacation at St. Helena as the
guest of Mr. and Mrs. Horatio Putnam,
Livermore.
Mr. and Mrs. Francis J. Sullivan, who
have been In Europe for several months,
are in New York, homeward bound, ano!
will arrive in town within a brief period.
Mrs. Chandler Howard and her daugh
ter, Miss Gladys Howard, will return to
their home in Yokohama next Wednes
day, sailing from this port on the Mon
golia. Miss Sibyl Howard will spend th«
coming year In Berkeley at Miss McCol
lough's school, Beaulieu.
Mr. and Mrs. Saueml Hubbard (Jose
phine Wolfsberger of Austria) are near
ing home and will land on the California
shore within a few weeks. Their wed
ding* took place at Black Heath, June
28, and was celebrated with much impos
ing ceremony.
The marriage of Miss Clara Marie
O'Brien and Frank Bruce Winship was
quietly celebrated last evening at the
home of the bride's parents, Mrs. and
Mrs. Joseph H. O'Brien, on Scott street.
Mr. Winshlp is associated with tha
New York Central and after a wedding
trip will make a home for his bride on
Frederick street.
Among the week's luncheon bosteses
was Mrs. Adolph G. Rosenthal. who en
tertained in the palm garden of the
Palace Hotel, among her guest 3 being
Mrs. Silas Palmer. Mrs. Burr East
wood. Mrs. J. K. Knowland and Mrs.
Morrison Barclay.
Miss Carol Moore's tea yesterday was
a very happy affair, the conclave of
buds and fiancees forming the Jolliest
kind of a gathering, at which infor
mality reigned absolute.
Rev. and Mrs. Jacob V'oorsanger an
nounce the marriage of their daughter,
Marion C, and Emunuel A. Waxelbaum,
to take place Thursday, evening. Au
gust 24, in Temple Emanu-El.
Miss Edith Gaskill of Oakland and
MiS3 Carol Moore are sharing honor*
as /avored fiancees of society. Each
day brings testimony of their demand,
for the two weddings are near ami tha
fetes for the brides-to-bo must neces
sarily be of near date.
Military dances are few and far be
tween these days an«l each small affair
is very welcome.
The artillery garrison will officiate at
an Informal hop this evening at ihe
AS we left beautiful Mlssoula two
Montana maids and a cowboy
da3hed up alongside the track and
kept pace with the train for some
distance. How those girls did ride! It
was the original of a Remington picture
of western life. One of the girls did not
look more than fifteen years of age, but
she proved to be the best rider and soon
left her companions behind.
As she raced away from the cowboy,
the passengers on the train vigorously
applauded; and she certainly made a
pretty picture on the galloping horse,
her cheeks bright with excitement and
exercise and her long, fair hair floating
in the wind and catching the golden glint
of the sunset. The chase was most ex
citing — now one ahead, now another, and
for a few momenta the cowboy led. but
his triumphant air was soon dampened,
for the young girl shot past him; -and
though, the ~ other girl passed her once,
the man never gained lost ground. In
our car the clapping an£ cheering were
loud and long, and the little incident
gave us a delightful memory of our last
moments in the valley of Missoula— and
the Montana maids.— From "Portland's
Fair and the Great Northwest," by Joe
Mitchell Chappie, in National Magazine
for August, j-.t-l'
SALLY SHARP
THE SMART SET
DASHING MAWS j
OF MONTANA
THE SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE.
I have yet to find a man in any walk 'of life whose . thinking was not In
fluenced by his means of making a living, though I have found few who knew
or would acknowledge the fact .'.-\u25a0' . ____„' - :': '
So, too, I have found gamblers and prize fighters and the sporting fraternity
generally an exceedingly interesting class of, people. They have a point of view
quite as logical, according to the manner (n' which .they make their, living, as
anybody in the world, and there is an element of excitement about it that other
trades lack. \?&S3:i k T*; : f-V: '"l^h : "y-.'
Then, turning to: the original objector, who is a pharmaceutical chemist, the
physician remarked: "You, yourself, can hot pass a certain kind of person in
similar circumstances without saying to yourself, 'A dose of such and such a
drug would do him good.'" And the druggist at last admitted that it was so.
This is probably the universal attitude of man toward his fellows. He looks
for that in others which Interests himself. His business, -since it affords himself
and his family the means of existence, is" the most interesting thing in the world
to him, the mainspring of all his action. Talking shop, looking shop, acting
shop, are man's insistent avocations away from the actual shop itself.
- The most interesting people are those with the. most interesting occupations
—once you leave those who can converse intelligently with you upon your- own
means of earning a livelihood. It has never been my fortune to know a burglar,
but I imagine that to hear him discourse upon his methods, his successes and
failures, his plan for the future. and improvements In devices, would be about
as fascinating an experience as .one can well have in the : way of conversation.
I Judgre that this will 'be true because I have found that. what detectives and po-r
lice officers have to say. about their dealings with criminals is invariably enter
taining, just as detective stories in print are entertaining. N
A SHOE dealer of my acquaintance was objected to In my hearing not long
ago because it was his practice to look at the shoes of all who passed.
It seemed to the objector to be a needless dragging in of commercial in
stincts where nothing but friendship and kindly feeling should have had sway.
A physician standing by offered the suggestion that it was absolutely impos
sible for him v .to meet anybody, or even to pass anybody in the street, without
Involuntarily forming an opinion at the same moment regarding that person's
health and physical condition, whether a friend, an acquaintance, or the merest
stranger. • . r
WALLACE RICE
EVERY MAN TO HIS TRADE
HADJPT SEEN IT SINCE.
She— You ought to see that
man In evening clothes.
He— l'd like too: he borrowed
my dress suit three months ago.
MANY CASUALTIES.
Aunt Tabltha — My, what an
awful game baseball must be!
Uncle Ephraim — Why?
Aunt Tabitha — This paper says
that three men died at third
base.
That strawberries are injurious to rheumatic persons, says the - New . York
Sun, is as old a 'tradition as" that tomatoes (love. apples)' are conducive to 'love.
But against science no tradition is safe. It Is now * asserted "that the straw
berry is the "real thing" in food for rheumatics. Linnaeus, it is said, kept him
self free from rheumatism by, eating strawberries. Fontenelli, . another naturalist,
attributed his ; longevity, to strawberries.'. He resorted to them as a medicine and
• would frequently say: "If I can but reach the season of strawberries!"
Borheave Is said to have -classed the strawberry with the principal red fruit
remedies containing. iron as well as phosphorus, salt, sulphur and sugar.
It has long been a tradition- that the chief demand for horse chestnuts has"
come from. persons who believe in their efficacy as a cure for rheumatism, or
at least* a. palliative . in rheumatic affections. Strawberries have heretofore been
barred, but if they, have all the merits now claimed for them, or indeed any of
the merits, the -bars will be down and will stay down permanently. ';
STRAWBERRIES FOR RHEUMATISM
Senator Depew seems to have regarded the Equitable funds as money
.from home. — Baltimore Sun.
• .-. . \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
Perhaps the best thing thai can" be said of the New York "four hun
dred is that they are good subscribers. — St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
WOMAN'S WEAKNESS.
Clara — OJi. for a thousand
tongues to sinsr.
Clarence— lf you' had them
you'd use 999 of them to talk
with.
THE people need \an officer— j
The fact should be proclaimed—
To do a useful service.
Be Public Knocker named.
His duty , must be evident -
To everyone of, you; -
He'd do the.; useless knocking
'That the rest of us now do
THEY DOXT WANT WRJNKLES.
She — Mr. Smith advertises all
the new wrinkles.
He — Fatal mistake. fl« won't
get a. woman in his store.
Japan repeats that it doesn't want the Philippines. But does Japan
know the name and address of any one who does want the Philippines? —
Kansas City Star.
A new and special- type , 'of automobile .has recently been v put on the mar
ket in Scotland' which ,Is 'designed especially for farm work, and which is
not ' only suitable for *' plowing but may be equipped as a cultivator or
reaper. ; It will ' prepare - the ; ground and sow the seed; at one operation, and
can -he operated ;at • a better speed than a horse. Thus when plowing, it
can cover from six to ' seven acres a day, and goes oveV the field so as ' to
leave; it in final .shape: for cultivation. When not In use in the field, the
motor car to be used to drive all farming machinery, and when plowing," the
cost of fuel, labor, and depreciation has been computed at one dollar per
acre, : or/ less- than; one-half "the expense of plowing by. horse. It is inter
esting-to note that the cost of the machine is about $1500, an amount that does '
not seem . prohibitive for .a' large farm, where c a thorough test of .the new
machine could readlly/rbe .made. The automobile, unlike the farm- animal,
does not -have ,to be fed; when It is not working, and it is here that' a sub
stantial element ?of .' economy can probably " be secured.— Harper's • Weekly.
A soda lake has been discovered in Colorado, and the owners are ex
pecting a booming tourist business if they can only locate a brandy lake
as a companion piece. — Washington Post. .
FARMING WITH THE; AUTOMOBILE.
E. H. Harriman says "there are too d — d many reporters." He is en
thusiastically supported in this opinion by Nicholas Romanoff and Samuel
W. Pennypacker. — Chicago Record-Herald.
John King, the first mar. who engraved the Lord's prayer on a 10-cent
piece, has gone to the podrhouse. Which shows that you must not spend
too much time over sraali change. — Baftimore San.
Gurls wen a boy hooks a wattermelyun
squeels an sez, Wy it is steeling I shal
tel ma, an he has , 2 giv them half, of
the watermelyun or tha-Tvil.7
> Boys getts even with ? gurls . at last -for
tha mary them after tha r.grodeupp.
When boys throse r stone tha hit it;
but wen gurls thro wun tha *squeel - an
them that aint neer the mark dojes. \u25a0\u25a0-
Gurls wares dreses to show theyre gurls
but tha nedent for ennybuddyd kno* It
wen he nurd them a rninet'or 2, so this
fs nuff bout gurls. ;•* . ;
LITTLE CHARLIE DISCUSSES GIRLS.
WUNS I red that gurls is maid of
Ehuger an spise an all things nise,
an I cess its so. , Anyways them
things -gives me a pane an so duz gurls.
Gui Is plaze gaims an fore squeels menes
,-tha aint cawt an seventene or atene
equeels menes tha is.
Gurls loves dols an-pla with them, but
wen a boy looks at tne dole he can see
bi thayre paned luk that tha just stand
it caws tha hay 2.
Gurls is prinsply good' to tel. on thayre
bruthers, an then his pa sez, . .
Yu yung rufyen, but his ma sez, Don't
wilyum, Charlie ma b a nobul man yett.
So far iliat eloquent coupon is stumping the district and get
ting the applause, with a promise of the votes, and if Tammany
would beat Mr. Hearst in this game of free rides, drinks, victuals and
side shows it must rise early or stay up all night.
HOX. WILLIAM RANDOLPH HEARST, member of Con
gress from the New York tenderloin, proposes to defy Tam
many. Mr. Murpln- decided that Mr. Hearst shall not be
•nominated in the district next year. Mr. Hearst decides that he
will be nominated. He has begun his campaign by giving a coupon
ticket to every man, woman and child in the district. This ticket
is good for a trip to Manhattan Beach, with coupons to all the res
taurants, the zoo and to the sideshows where they may see the
hoochy coochy and the girls all dressed in tights.
There is in this, no doubt, the most advanced statesmanship.
Twcel was re-elected to the State Senate after his crimes were
exposed, by sending a turkey and a barrel of flour to every family
in his district. Mr. Hearst follows his example. But Tammany is
to be heard from. What bid will it make against the Hearst cou
pons? Why not a voyage to Europe, whence most of the people
in the district came? Perhaps a year's rent and a free bill for the
growler would fairly compete with the Coney Island trip.
DEFYING TAMMANY.
Oh, 1 love, we have no skill or art
To flee the parting of our "way;
We still must know, where 'er we stray,
At last we two si. all walk apart;
Yet let no tears your dear eyes fill '\u25a0;
While Love's sweet song is ringing still ;
'Tis a weary night and a dreary night
When- they who have loved must sever.
But over its darkness there shines the
light,
. For love shall endure forever.
And we sigh for the ones who sever;
Yet their feet are set on an endless way,
For^love shall endure forever.
LOVE SHALL ENDURE FOREVER.
OH, love, wherever we may go, . :
Through canyon grim or valley
bright,. ;.^y. .
By paths of darkness or of light,
Adown the way we do not know,
Yet will we fear-no*woe or wrong
While. Love still sings his old, sweet
, song;
"Pis a long, long day and a dim, dim day,
day,
cause a majority of its citizens are bo,
or desire It to be so. I believe, and bo
may you, that the majority of its citizens
always are fairly decent and honest.
Philadelphia— to select Just one Instance
of many— has been rankly foul these
many years; but her citizens have just
proved that it was not with their con
nivance and consent. How happens it,
then, with decency in the majority, that
the story of municipal .rottenness Is so
frequently told? The answer is evident:
There are big spoils in the political game;
the ever-present scoundrel has his eye
upon them and organizes "de gang" to
secure them. He plays for big stakes,
and he plays his rascally cards for all
there is in them. In the meantime the
honest citizen, being intent upon his own
business and the money there is in it,
lets tbe knave play his game as he will.
To be sure, the decent citizen eventually
must pay a part of the price of the
other's knavery, but the sum thus paid
does not show on his ledger, and so he
lets the matter go. The scoundrel wins
out, and he remains winner until the hon
orable majority says, "This thing has be
come a stench in our nostrils!" Then the
political knave retires— until he deems it
safe again to skulk from his hole, which
is afjter the decent citizen has gone to
sleep again. This is what has taken
place in Philadelphia, in St. Louis, in
many other cities that might be named.
It is what will take place before long in—
What city do you suppose I have in mind,
Obadiah? Could you guess? ,
I DO not believe, Obadiah, nor need you t
that any municipality is corrupt, be-
MUNICIPAL, DECAY.
<<THAT young doctor operated on
I Bilson yesterday." ;.;--.;
"Yes? What. was the cause. of
the operation?" \u25a0
"Appendicitis— that and the doctor."
"What did he discover?" \u25a0 '.\u25a0 . .
"I don't know."
"Anything wrong with the ap
pendix?"
"Xo. The doctor says that Is the
best and most hopeful feature of the
case."
"How so?" . , v- \u25a0-' '
"He says that, now that he has dis
covered that nothing- is wrong with the
appendix, it will give him a chance to
find out what really is the difficulty and
remedy it."
The department is now under fire. By no fault of the Secretary
its scientific operations have been handicapped by the insufficient
compensation given to experts. Xo branch of science is of greater
benefit to the farmer than vegetable physiology and pathology.
Men skilled in these, as soon as their work becomes known, are
eagerly sought at large salaries by other Governments. The de
partment has taught the farmer what plant food means, that he must
first feed the plant before the plant will feed him. The department
expert in that branch found that his services in private employment
would command a vastly greater compensation than the depart
ment paid him.
There was some interlocking between his work in the depart
ment and his preparation for leaving it, but this affords no ade
quate ground for a scandal. The only scandal is in connection
with the leak in the cotton crop reports. This is established by
proofs. The statistical bureau is being reorganized, and its head
has resigned. Upon his resignation the fact was divulged that his
salary was $1400 per year! Here was a man in charge of a confi
dential matter.of the first class, with the cotton crop reports able
to affect the market one way or the other $30,000,000 in one day,
getting a salary of about $3 a day.
Hod carriers are better paid and bricklayers get twice that sum
per day. Yet Congress insists upon rating positions like that in
the Agricultural Department the same as mere clerical, positions in
the other departments, and the Secretary is powerless. Congress
applies the same principle of compensation to the scientific work of
the department in soils, plants and seed distribution, vegetable path
ology and physiology and entomology.'
The country is ready to support the application of a, different
principle of compensation to the scientific and statistical work
which is peculiar to the Agricultural Department, and has no ana
logue in any other department of the Government. Secretary Wil
son has the undiminished confidence of the country, and more. He
has the gratitude of the farmers of the United States, who will
support him in everything necessary to increase the efficiency of
his department.
More ihan all ibis, he has invested what was considered clod
hopping drudgery with an intellectual interest that has put farming
in the list of learned crafts. That vocation is now illuminated by
Science. Its drudgery is lightened by variety, and the result is
seen in the tendency of population to countermarch back to the
farm. Dull routine has been replaced by a zest that runs from the
breeding and care of farm animals clear through all the operations
of feed time and harvest, and by investing results with greater cer
tainty rural life has received an impulse of the greatest importance
to the social and civic institutions of the country.
The Agricultural Department germinated in the Patent Office.
The Commissioner of Patents distributed seeds, through members
of Congress. But there was ho systematic search for new plants
or for study of their adaptation to our physical conditions or their
value as an addition to our crops. It was hit or miss. After many
years all of this was transferred to an Agricultural Bureau of the
Interior Department, presided over by a commissioner. 'Here the
work was extended and intelligent farmers all over the country
began to get glimpses of the possibilities of what might be done
by higher organization and fitting facilities.
This conception of future benefits caused the promotion of the
bureau to be an executive department, with a Cabinet officer at
its head. This occurred a short time before the close of Mr. Cleve
land's first administration, and Mr. Coleman, the Commissioner, be
came Secretary of Agriculture. The development which began
then has reached its highest point under Secretary Wilson, and
every farm and every farmer, from semi-arctic Maine |to semi-tropi
cal California, has felt the impulse which the Secretary has im
parted to the rural industries of the country.
The soil has 3)ccn made more fruitful, the seed more certain
2nd the crop larger by the work of Secretary Wilson. He has
gi\~v L California the Smyrna fig, to the Dakotas high-bred wheat,
to low a a larger yield of corn' He is turning our Southwestern
deserts into dale orchards, and with demonstration farms is pre
paring to make government irrigation a success, by eliminating the
long empirical period in which settlers lose money and courage.
During his service, since 1897, Secretary Wilson has trans
formed American agriculture. It is no longer carried on by rule
of thumb, as a haphazard industry. The farmer's part in it, which
covers all that is* not controlled by wind and weather, has been
made as exact an art as manufactures. The extension of the weather
service and its practical application to the needs of agriculture
have very largely tempered the wind and weather to the farmer.
He gets now advance information of the coming of storms and frost,
and is able to apply precautions and make preparations that prevent
a total loss of such" crops as may be exposed.
'TP'HE Department of Agriculture at Washington has risen to
I first rank among the activities of the Government. It has
.*\u25a0 added to the production of the country a sum of values so far
in excess of its cost that it may be said to not only pay its own way.
but that it is one of the largest contributors to the support of .the
other executive departments.
THE AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT.
There's a sweet little nest In the top
of a tree —
Great Caesar! There be, sir!—
Where Willie is happy as happy can be,
To squeeze 'er and please 'er;
And here is the moral, my. boy, if you
please:
If a< maid is coquettish, won't take the
\u25a0 \u25a0 degrees.
Don't wail out your heart in the top of
- the trees,
But seize 'er, you geezer! .
Then she lifted her head, and she trilled
with a sob:
"Oh, Willie! Come, Willie;
For my poor little heart for your com
ing doth throb —
I'm silly, so silly!"
Then he sorter flew in and he kinder
flew out.
Each moment some nearer hia daisy no
doubt,
As she sung, while her bill wore an
. amorous pout,
"Please, Willie! Come, Willie."
Then the little bird sung from the limb
of the tree,
"Who asked yer, dodgast yer!"
An,d he ilew straight away, though it
hurt him maybe,
For pasture, fresh pasture;
And the one whom he left — for love is
the same
In the breast of a bird or the. breast of
a. dame — '.. \u0084 .:\u25a0 '£ \u25a0 \u25a0'.--.
Went turbulent tears as she heard him
proclaim,
"Who asked yer, dodgast yer!" ; %
Then she flirted her head, and she said
with a wink,
"You're sappy, dear chappie,".
And of course her words made him, as
lovers must think,
Unhappy, unhappy! !;.\u25a0;>.>' c.j ;• ".';
For love is a blessing, or love is a
sting;
In a man or a bird 'tis a wonderful
thing,
But still she remarked with a flirt of
her wing,
"You're sappy, dear chappie."
A LITTLE bird sat on the limb of a
tree.
Singing, "Daisy! my daisy!" .
And his daisy replied supercil
iously,
"You're crazy, plum crazy."
For the whisper of love in the bosom la
heard \u25a0
Of the mightiest man and the tiniest
bird, . .-
And so he rerieated in a manner absurd,
"Oh, daisy! My daisy!"
OCCIDENTAL
ACCIDENTALS
A. J. WATER HO USE
WE SHOULD LIVE RADIANT LIVES
ANGELA MORGAN
TO live so radiantly, so happily and so ,>opefully that those who come In
touch with us shall be made gladder and better for the contact— this should
be the supreme aim of every one's ambition.
Unless we influence for good the people we meet; unless by our presence
'we stimulate, inspire and encourage every one with whom we associate, we have
failed in one of the greatest obligations of life.
To keep cheerful and sunny and full of faith is a duty that devolves upon every
thinking being. Whoever fails to discharge it cheats society and robs one's self
as well. *.r ',
It is of minor importance that we should please, or charm, or impress by
virtue of wit, or intellect, or talents. It is of small moment whether we amuse
and entertain. The question is, do we bless and inspire? Is our influence genu
inely uplifting and thoroughly helpful? \u25a0 .
The other achievements have their place. They possess a certain significance.
But there is no achievement to compare with that of making one's self a source
of positive joy and hope and inspiration to others.
If we spent one-tenth the energy trying to do this that we employ in striving
to impress with our personal gifts and abilities, how much more beautiful and
useful our lives would become! For there is nothing that so completely changes
one's outlook, nothing that so brcadena and deepens the currents of existence;
as sincere outreach of soul in the wish to help and encourage others.
It is well .to be cheerful for our own sakes. for our. own health and success,
but it |s better to be cheerful from the desire to make others happy. » *
So much has been said about the necessity for a uniformly cheer^
ful state of mind. Physicians recognize as never before how powerfully mental
" conditions affect the body. It has been demonstrated that thoughts of fear, de- .
spondency, hatred, malice and the like have the effect of poisoning the physical
system, and that thoughts of an opposite nature serve to promote health.*
So it is becoming quite the fashion to be cheerful from selfish motives mere
ly. But to keep-happy and serene because thereby one preserves his health,
his looks, or his power to please is not the highest motive*
In the end one is much more likely to find his health improved if he practices
cheer for the sake of others than if he does so for the specific purpose of ben
efiting himself. After all, the greatest benefits to self are attained through al
truism. "'""-
We owe it to every one with whom we associate to live and think radiantly;
to create about ourselves a luminous atmosphere of happiness so positive that all
who come into our world are aware of a renewing influence.
It is a peculiarity of radium that it transmits its own properties to other
substances. If a solid body is placed near a salt of radium it becomes radio
active. '->'•*.\u25a0 ',
The emanations given off by a minu luminous with joy are quite as definite
and tangible in a spiritual sense as are these radium emanations.
It is possible for every one to live the radiant life. You who read this may
begin now to make yourself a center of happiness and illumination.
Don't say that In a universe as big as this your thinking does not count.
Every one's thinking counts. Every one's life counts. It does not matter very
greatly whether you live indifferently or whether you live gloriously. You have
your particular place in the vast system of things that makes the universe.
When you fail to live «.o your highest the lack is felt throughout the entire ma
chinery. »*;;'
Be glad. Be sunny. Be a glowing center of happiness. Every one you meet
needs the stimulus you can give. v;i/
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY,, AUGUST 11. 1005.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN" D. SPRECKELS. ...... T. Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
9OBK McXALGHT Manager
PinUCATIOX OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAX FRANCISCO
Friday august h, 1905
8The ball was directed by the chief
ranjT«T of the court, assisted by Harry
BiK-hman, Ira Altman, Louis Kornfleld,
Jphn Zinglcman, Robert F. Abraham
and Joseph Licht. There were nearly
«AA in tho errand march.
The members of Junior Court, Pride
of California, No. 1, Foresters of Ameri
ca, celebrated Its twenty-seventh anni
versary by an Invitational entertain
ment and ball In Native Sons' Hall last
niffhU More than 1500 persons ac
cepted the invitation extended and the
majority of these were ladies. The
programme presented for the pleasure
of the assemblage was made up of the
following numbers: _y
Selection* by an orchestra; words of wel
come by Chief Ranger Julius Jacobs; piano
duet, the Harris sisters; soprano solo. Donald
Cameron ; specialties, Dorrls Landebergrer, the
child wonder: comic sketch, by Jack I^itzen
stein. Jack llcGraw and Miss Fannie SUver
stein; vocal solo, Mlfs Carrie Goodman, and
"Chums," by Arthur Berliner, G. Thornton
Fields. Frank Melville Borel, Miss Gertrude
Sullivan and Mildred Marks.
Voimjf Foresters Celebrate.
Arrangements Committee Has Perfected
Plans and Choice Programme
Will Be Rendered.
The birth of Sir Walter Scott will be
celebrated, as is the custom, August 14
by the St. Andrew's Society. The com
mittee has almost perfected the ar
rangements and the programme con
tains-much that will prove attractive to
Scotchmen.
"Genius of Sir Walter Scott" will
form the subject of an address by Pro
fessor Henry Morse Stephens of the
University of California, as he is rec
ognized as one of the greatest coast
authorities on history.
Several of the most prominent vocal
ists and elocutionists will render selec
tions from Scott's works. Following
the literary programme a dance will be
held. The dance committee consists of
R. D. Colquhoun, William Carnie and
Douglas Wilson. Among the vocalists
and elocutionists announced are Mrs. R.
G. Elrick. Mrs. Daisy Keane Gillogley,
Miss Kdythe M. Crr>-»ett, John Beatty,,
Frank Lowden and Alexander Smith,
with Miss Edna E. Sides as accom
panist.
ST. ANDREW'S SOCIETY WILL
CELEBRATE SCOTT'S BIRTH
John Sunderland, a merchant of Reno,
is at the Lick.
Professor C. A. Sahlstrion of London
is at the Occidental.
George W. Peltier, a capitalist of
Sacramento, is at the Palace.
Dr. Rathjen, a prominent physician
of Berlin, is at the SL Francis.
James D. Schuyler, a civil engineer
of Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
John C. Daly, a wealthy raining man
of Salt Lake City, and wife are at the
Palace.
Homer Hamlin of the United States
Reclamation Service is registered at
the St. Francis.
E. T. Stimson, a capitalist and busi
ness man of Los Angeles, and wife ar
rived at the Palace yesterday.
I* E. Cook and J. Park Channlng,
prominent business men of New York,
are staying- at the St. Francis.
Lieutenant Governor Alden Anderson
and Mrs. Anderson are down from Sac
ramento and staying at the Palace.
United States Senator Frank P. Flint
of Los Angeles arrived from Southern
California yesterday and is registered
at the Palace.
M. J. O'Meara of Salt Lake City, one
of the pioneer mining men of Tonopah.
arrived from Utah yesterday and is
starring at the Palace.
C R. Woodruff of Philadelphia, who
is prominently identified with the Na
tional League of Municipalities, and
wife are among the late arrivals at the
St. Francis.
PERSONAL.
Barns'
For up-to-date Women's Shoes that fit
and wear. $3.50 and $5.00. 112 Geary St.*
Itabhf to Ohwrve Anniversary.
R*v. Dr. M. BL Levy, rabbi of the
Geary-Street Temple, completes his
fourteenth year as minister of Beth
Israel to-day, and to-morrow will enter
iiis fifteenth year with appropriate an
niversary services at the synagogue. Dr.
LiCvy has b^en in this city and vicinity
ilsirty-throe consecutive years and his
success has been phenomenal.
In a few weeks ground will be
broken for the erection of a new and
beautiful stone structure at Geary and
Pillmore street?, which will cost $100,
000, and when completed will have a
brating capacity of 2000.
BBOCKFTEUD, Ma?!=., Aug. l«>._The dn?ad
•~'j cattle j>!aeuf known as black leg. a form
r \u25a0 rr:urra.in, has l>ro'i»en out In Brookfield.
CHARGE OF MANSLAUGHTER
MADE AGAINST LOGAN RELL
Sues Palace Hotel for Damages.
Lillie M. Wellington, a domestic for
merly in the employ of the Palace Ho
tel, brought suit yesterday against the
Sharon Estate Company for $5000 dam
ages alleged to have been sustained by
her in an elevator accident on August
13, 1904. The plaintiff alleges that as
she left the elevator at the third floor
she was caught between the car and
the landing and seriously Injured, ow
ing to the inefficiency of the operator
of the car. As a result of the injury
she spent four weeks in bed and is
prohibited from manual labor.
Hl* Mother Swear* Before Coroner's
Jury That He Killed His Step-
Father In Self Defense.
A verdict of manslaughter against
Logan Bell was returned yesterday by
a Coroner's jury in the inquest upon the
body, of Joseph Bartlett, a peddler v pf
422 Fulton street, who was shot and
killed by Bell on August 6, Bell's
mother and Bartlett were married two
years ago, and Mrs. Bartlett, learning
that her marriage . had taken place
within a year after -Bartlett had been
granted an 'interlocutory divorce from 1
his former wlfo, applied to the court
and obtained an order annulling her
marriage, but continued to live with
him as his wife. Her testimony was
to the effect that her son had shot
Bartlett in self-defense while Bartlett
was advancing toward him with an ax.
Miss I. 12. Connor, milliner, of 138 Geary
street, has removed to 229 Post street. *
The San Francisco JVetys Letter.
The San Francisco News Letter has an ex
cellent variety of subjects in this week's is
sue as this following list shows: "Civic De
cency WiiiF," "The Divorce Evil," "The Right
of Motor Cars," "An English Girls Critic
ism?," "How to Test an Oriental Rug," "The
Venal Press," "Culinary Topics and Table
Fashions," "Our Summer Vacation," "A
Sketch of the Latin Quarter." The regular de
partments are written by the best talent Pan
Francisco affords. •
APPLY FOR PARTIAL SHARE
OF CHARLES DOE'S ESTATE
•Joseph Smith Denies Damages.
Joseph Smith, who shot and killed
Joseph E. McGowan, for which he was
convicted of manslaughter, sentence
being withheld pending appeal for new
trial, yesterday filed an answer to the
suit of Mathew McGowan for $25,000
damages. Smith denies that he awes
any damages, claiming that he shot in
self-defense and instinctively while he
was in a dazed condition resulting from
blows delivered by McGowan.
Thnt $37i00 snap in Mission property
(2) flats advertined last Sunday—Sold.
Wide-awake buyers will find equally
Kood Investments In next Sunday's
Realty Columns.
Judge Murasky yesterday granted the
petition of William C. Reis to become
executor of his father's $750^000 estate.
Julius C. Reis died intestate on July
29, 1905, leaving a widow, Ellen E.
Reis, and four children, William C.
Reis, Isabella Reis Sonntag, Lillie McM.
Huie and Mary Reis. The newly ap
pointed executor was placed under
$100,000 bonds.
Made Executor of Father's Estate.
AFTER ELECTION VACATION.— John C.
Lynch and wife departed yesterday on a va
cation trip to Juneau and Eitka, Alaska. They
expect to return about September 1.
Eliminate from the blood the, uric and
lactic acids that cause rheumatism by
using Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters. •
Heirs and Public Institutions Unite to
Auk for Distribution of
Bequest*. . '.
The legal guardians of the minor
heirs of the Charles F. Doe estate ap
plied yesterday as assignees of several
benevolent institutions for a partial
distribution of $150,000. This sum re
mains after partial distributions of
$900,000 have been made. Doe died on
June 16, 1904, leaving a very valuable
estate to eight institutions and twenty
four heirs. The Union Trust Company
wae made the executor.
The institutions that will benefit by
the proposed distribution are the San
Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum,
$900; Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum
and Home, $600; Roman Catholic Or
phan Asylum, $600; Hospital for Chil
dren and Training School for Nurses,
$900; Boys" and Girls' Aid Society;
$600; Golden Gate Kindergarten As
sociation, $900; Board of Regents of
the University of California, $36,000.
The heirs are to receive 2, 3 and 6 per
cent of the remainder to be distributed.
CAWLEY AND FRANZ BAILED.— Wil
liam Cawley, accused of perjury In the matter
of the application of Hermann Van Busse for
citizenship, was held for ' trial yesterday by
United States Commissioner Heacock. He
was immediately .thereafter released upon a
bond of $5000 furnished by James J. Donnelly
and Matthew Burns. Herman Franz, a wit
ness In th© case of William C. Raisch, charged
with ha,vlng issued and sold forged and fraud
ulent naturalization certificates, was released
upon $1000 bond. , :
The United States Government will
soon have another ferry-boat on the
bay similar to the McDowell. The new
boat is called the Lieutenant George M.
Harris. It will be brought from Seattle
in a few weeks. Lieutenant W. C. Wren,
U. S. A., has applied for a dock for the
Government ferry-boat near to and north
of the ferry landing. The application
was referred to the Chief Wharfinger.
Milliken Brothers maintain that the
cracks in the thirteen pieces of steel
were caused by the way they were
packed on the steamer in which they
were conveyed to this coast. They as
sert that the Carnegie test would be
sufficient to prove the strength of the
remaining beams. George W. Dickie,
however, maintains that the Carnegie
test is inadequate in this instance, as
that test will not prove the resistance
of the beams against jars. He believes
that it will not be safe to use the beams
unless they have been proved by the
drop test, which consists of raising the
beams on end to an angle of twenty
five degrees and letting them drop.
Commissioner Henry J. Croker sug
gested that the best way out of the di
lemma would be to condemn the entire
lot and that such action would be with
in tho limits of the specifications. Chief
Engineer Norton agreed with Crocker
and after some discussion the board ac
quiesced. ' The engineer was told to
make a full report at the next meeting.
George W. Dickie, who was called in
by Norton as an expert, recommended
that the entire lot be subjected to the
drop test. This is strenuously objected
to by Milliken Brothers, local agents
of the firm that supplied the steel. They
maintain that the syeclftcations call for
the . Carnegie test and that if the drop
test is used it must be done at the risk
of the Harbor Commissioners.
Chief Engineer Lott D. Norton report
ed to the Harbor Commissioners yester
day that thirteen of . the steel beams
sent hero from the East for the new
Mail Dock were cracked and that the
indications are that the remainder of the
175 are brittle.
This is one of many handbooks pub
lished by the California Promotion Com
mittee, but is looked upon by it as one
of importance. Those interested In tree
planting should not neglect to send for
a copy.
"From the standpoint of both the Indi
vidual ond the community," says Prof.
Jepson, who has given special study to
this subject, "there is no other asset
that can be put upon the land of muni
cipal and agricultural California so val
uable as trees. And there is particular
need for planting trees in what is prac
tically waste land, the curb-lines of
streets and the sides of county roads.
Such trees, properly planted and per
sistently cared for, are valuable to all
as well to one for several good reasons.
As a purely commercial matter it is now
well known that street or road trees
increase property values. Authenticated
cases are at hand where naked farm
land of superior value has sold at less
price than inferior land fronted by lines
of roadside trees. And this difference is,
to a certain extent, justified because In
these days of increasing wood scarcity,
trees have in themselves a great value.
As a matter of comfort, too, street trees
are a boon in a land where for five or
six months cloudless skies prevail."
The pamphlet calls attention to certain
rules or canons which are everywhere
applicable to the selection, arrangement
and planting of trees on street and coun
ty roads and Js of great value to the
numerous tree-planting clubs which have
recently come into existence.
Deciduous trees, evergreen trees 'and
palms are the three classes recommended
for general use. A list of deciduous
trees, with the advantages and disad
vantages of each as a street tree, takes
up many pages of the pamphlet.
Good advice in the way of "Special
Reminders" is given in conclusion, tell
ing how planting Bhould be done and
giving advice for the care and protection
of the tree thereafter.
The California Promotion Comittee has
issued a pamphlet entitled "Street Trees
in California," written by Willis L. Jep
son. Ph. D., Professor of Botany, Uni
versity of California, which promises to
be of great value to cities and towns
of the State.
Captain George P. White, Cap
tain John S. Switzer, Lieutenants Fred
W. Hershler. Raymond H. Fenner, Au
gustine Molntyre. Edwin C. Long, Guy
B. G. Hanna, William Paterson, Thomas
E. Selfridge, Walter S. Gallagher.
Following is the programme:
First day — Exhibition at car station. Light
Artillery; 100 yard dash-, putting 16-pound
fchot; '£iv yard run; running high Jump; ex
hibition wall scaling; sso yard run; half
mile walk; pole vault; 120 yard hurdle; run
ning broad jump; baseball.
Second day — Exhibition tent pitching; 220
yard hurdle; standing broad Jump; 100 yard
dash, final; standing high jump; 220 yard
run. final; exhibition mounted wrestling; l"0
yard hurdle, final; exhibition mounted re
lay; obstacle race; baseball.
Third day — Exhibition mounted gymnastics;
BSO yard run, final; throwing 16-pound ham
mer; 2110 yard hurdle, final; one-mile relay,
regimental; exhibition, drivers' contest; baso
ball.
Captain John D. Yost, medical de
partment, will return to his post at
Camp McKinley, Honolulu, on the
transport Buford, to leave here Sep
tember 5.
Major Elon F. Wjllcox, Fourth Cav
alry, now in this city on leave, having
been assigned to the command of the
tiiird sGuadron of his regiment, will,
upon tho expiration of his leave of ab
sence, nroceed to the Presidio of Mon
terey, Cal., and Join his squadron.
Leave of absence for two months,
upon surgeon's certificate of disability,
is granted Second Lieutenant Alfred C.
Arnold, Thirteenth infantry, to take
effect on his discharge from the Army
General Hospital, Presidio of San Fran
cisco* Cal.
The transport Buford, which is
scheduled to sail from this port on Sep
tember 5, will take Troops A, B, C. E, F
and G of the Fourth Cavalry.
The United States transport Sheridan
will sail from Manila on August 15 for
this port.
Paymaster Captain Canby was exam
ined for promotion yesterday.
A keen rivalry is existing between
the First, Ninth and Twenty-fourth
batteries, now stationed at the Presidio,
to see which battery shall take part in
the drill, which is to open up the con
tests. The troops are drilling daily
with unusual vigor, and the opening'
event will undoubtedly be a great
feature of the sports. All the events
will be of a snappy order.
The following' officers will act as
field committee:
The coming 1 department athletic con
tests to take place at the Presidio on
August 23, 24 and 25 are exciting much
interest, not only in the troops who are
to participate In the events, but also in
all artsy circles here. Every post in
this department, except the, posts at
Hawaii, will be represented in the dif
ferent contests.
Vast lofscs to the holders of shares in
Chinese canneries in California are im
pending. As a consequence groat excite
nunt pervades Chinese rank?. Two ean
lu-ries owned by Chinese in this city are
liable to lose ai least $75,<Kw each, accord
ing to current reports. Farmers of Cali
lori'.ia art also out considerable sums if
they lacked the foresight 10 take advan
tage of conditions that have been pre
sented to ih»-m to make money on what
vas, not long ago. a rising fruit market.
These effects result from the same cause,
a mlsapp: ehension. early in the present
eeason, about the size of the prospective
fruit crop of California.
From pome source rumors were circu
lated some months ago that there would
b<? a great scarcity of jfruit. Those to
whom this rumor has been attributed
deny that they have made public any
finding thai was reported to them when
they had agents sent to visit the several
fruit-grownig sections. But the idea be
came prevalent, in some way. that fruit
would be scarce. Then in rushed the
Chinese canneries and made contracts at
high prices. Possibly some wiiite men
owning canneries did the same. The
management of the California Canneries
Company is credited on the street with
having stood aloof when prices were high
and with forecasting the situation with
more accuracy than was contained in
the early seasonal rumors. Pears brought
very high prices under contract. Peaches
v.ere similarly elevated when the can
neries came to buy.
No one, except the parties in interest,
know exactly what prices were made in
contracts, but the significant statement
•was made in this city a few days ago by
a farmer that he had refuse^ $50 a ton
toy pears, but that he was now com
pelled to offer them for J2O a ton, on ac
count of the great amount of fruit sud
denly matured and cent to market.
The Chinese and other early buyers of
fruit are awakened to the fact that later
buyers would be able to beat them in the
market for canned products by a large
majority margin by using the later fruit
just ir., all of which, competitively mar
keted, is subject to very low sale prices.
The present outlook is that the canning
si ason, by reason of these conditions,
will be long remembered as oije of large
t-ins to the canners who failed to be
lieve fruit would be scarce and of losses
to those who bought early under con
tracts, with the belief that only the early
<.mcrs would have a chance to secure
enough fruit for canning. Wise farmers
and wise ranners have been the winners
w hile farmers who held out for too much
&»d oanners 1 who contracted unwisely
lose largely.
Two Mongolian Companies
Are Out *75,000 Each
by Tin sting- to Rumor
Pamphlet-Tells How Califor
nia's Cities and Towns Can
lie Made More Beautiful
Soldiers in Field Batteries
Show Keen Rivalry to Be
iii the Opening- Event
Another Ferry-Boat Similar
to the General McDowell
Is Coming From Seattle
TEOOPS NOW DRILLING
INFORMATION OF VALUE
WILL HAVE NEW VESSEL
OTHERS MAKE WINNINGS
Mistaken Ideas About the
Fruit Crop Cause Them
t<> Sink Many Thousands
Professor Jepson/ Describes
How Judgment Should Be
Used in Their Placing
Beams Sent Here for the Con
struction of Mail Dock
Condemned by Commission
Corning- Department Athletic
Sports at the Presidio
Excite Much Attention
CHINESE LOSE
ON CONTRACTS
ARMY CONTESTS
TO BE SNAPPY
WRITES ABOUT
STREET TREES
EASTERN STEEL
SEEMS BRITTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST, 11, 1905.
In a brief filed yesterday at the Court
of Appeals, Attorney ,Milton Shepard
son makes a vigorous attack upon the
San Francisco jury. system. In the case
of his client, Edward RJchards, accused
of murder. It Is charged that the Jurors
were not all properly qualified to serve.
The attorney appeals for a con
struction of the law which will prevent
the existence of "professionalism"
among jurors.
Attacks Jury System.
9
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND HIM
Glickman'S Yiddish Players
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW NIGHT.
THE MERCHANT OF VENICE
To-Morrow Mat., "THE GOLDEN COUNTRY* *
Sunday Matinee, "KOL NIDREY."
Sunday Nleht, "BAR KOCHBA."
POSITIVELY LAST WEEK
Monday, "JEWISH HAMLET."
Tuesday. "SULAMITH."
Wednesday, "THE LITTLE RABBI."
Thursday. "JOSEPH IN EGYPT."
Friday, •THE BOWERY TRAMP."
Saturday Matinee. "RABBI OSHER."
Saturday Night. "KINQ SOLOMON."
Beg. SUNDAY MATINEE, Anjf. 20
DENIS O'SULLIVAN
In ARRAH NA POGUE
BEATS READY MONDAY.
.. . . .
EVENINGS AT 8 O'CLOCK SHARP
Matinee To-Morrow at 2 a'Clock Sharp
Last Weeks
Rob Roy
SUNDAY NIGHT, AUGUST 37th,
Francis Wilson's Original New York Casino
Production of
"ERMINIE"
AS STAGED BY MAX FREEMAN.
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES— 2Sc, 60c, 75c.
A f £~\ • rj « T"| Belasco A Mayer,
ALCAZAR £ess
\u25a0 General Manager.
THIS WEEK ONLY— MAT. SAT.
WHITE WHITTLESEY
In Charles Dickens' Tal» Of Two Cities.
THE ONLY WAY
CHANGE OF PLAY WEEKLY.
Evgs, 25c to 75c; Mate. Tburs.-Sat, 25c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— MR. WHITTLESEY IN
Robert Louis Stevenson's Romance
PRINCE OTTO
AUG. 21— THE GREAT INTERROGA-
TION.
By Jack London and Lee Bascom.
Followed by DAVID GARRICK.
CENTRALS
Market Street. Near Eighth. ..Phone South 833.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW and SUNDAY
Theodore Kelmer's ThrilHijg Melodrama — HU
Latest Success,
No Wedding Bells for Her
Sensational Play, Founded on the Great Coal
Mine Strike of Pennsylvania.
MARVELOUS SCENIC EFFECTS!
\ SUPREME SENSATIONS!
HERSCHEL MAYALL and th« Entire Com-
pany
PRICES — Eve., 10c to 50c; Mats.. 10c. 15c, 25c.
NEXT— LAND OF THE MIDNIGHT SUN
MISCELLANEOUS A3IUSEMENTB.
BASEBALL!
TACOMA vs. OAKLAND
RECREATION PARK.
FRIDAY 3:30 p. m.
SATURDAY.... 3 p. m.
SUNDAY 2:30 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Your hair requires greatest care and
attention in Summer, when increased
perspiration weakens the roots and
dandruff clogs the pores of the scalp.
ED. PINAUD'S
EAUDE QUININE HAIR TONIC
entirely removes dandruff, overcomes
the unpleasant effects of perspiration,
and keeps the' scalp fresh, sweet and
wholesome and makes the hair strong,
lustrous, light and beautiful.
Plirr ED. PINAUD'S EAU DE QUI-
LULL NINE HAIR TONIC for three ap-
rlir F plications; enough exquisite per-"
I Ilkisi fume for. five times, and famous
ELIXIR DENTIFRICE for five
times. Send lOe to pay postage and packing:.
WRITE Tfl FIAY Ed - Pin»l*'» Amerietn Offices
WnilC lU-UAI Ed. Finitt4Bl4g.,Hiw York City
Sack East Excursions
Round Trip Tickets to
Chicago $ 7a So
St. Louis '67 W
Memphis 67 SO
New Orleans 67 SO
Kansas City •\u25a0 J 6000
Omaha • I 60 00
St. Paul 1"; 70 00
Minneapolis' P • 70 00
Duluth "3! 72 so
Fort Worth' i'^" 60 00
New York ! 108 SO
Boston . '\u25a0 xoo-50
Philadelphia " 107 50 .
Baltimore 107 00
Washington, D.C 107 00
August 15-l«-24-28 m --\u25a0
September T-8-9-10Jl-l«-H.
. Oocd for 90 day*. ' _
DENVES AND BETTOR $55.03 \u25a0
OIT.BALE V-v^/^
August 10-11-12-30-31.
Good for. 40 daya. ' :. {
Tbrse . tickets ar» all honored .on
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED
. ASK ,THE SANTA -WS.% \ '\u25a0
653 K»rk)t Btrwt
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD ÜBE DAMIANA • BITTERS. THE
Great' Mexican^ Remedy; gives health and
\u25a0trenctb to sexual organs. Depot, -823 Market.
AMUSEMENTS.
CORUSCATING VAUDEVILLE!
COL. GASTON BORDEVERRY:
Edmund Day and Company* "The
Queen's Fan;" Smith and Campbell*
and Orpbeom Motion Pictures. Last
'Times of Lea Pnrltlrnne*: Patty
Brothers) 3lmc. Cellna Bohr, and
JAMES J, MORTON
Regular Matinees every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
, PRICES— 10c, 23c and 50e.
COLUMBIA SITS-
LAST LAUGHS!
Up to and Including Sunday.
MATIXEE SATURDAY
Ezra Kendall
In Hl3 Latest Laagh Launcher.
WEATHER BEATEN BENSON.
Next Monday— First Tim* Here.
"Mrs. Wlcsr-* of the Cabbage Patch.**
MADGE CARR COOKE In Her Original Rol«
of Mrs. \Vics3.
SEATS NOW READY i
HARPER, DESMOND AND BAILEY,
SCHEPPS' DOBS AND PONIES
And a Splendid ShoAr Every Aftrrnnon
and EvenlnK In the Theater.
CHARLES BICNET. World's Champion Hi«n
Diver.
'CAKE WALK SATURDAY NIGHT.
ADMISSSION 10c | CHILDREN »©
See Chlqnita. "the Living Doll,** Annie
Redllne. the Plump Lady, and the
Babies In the Infant Incubators. \u25a0 ' - .."..
PALACE
HOTEL
CompresMd Mr cleaning plant
Room telephones
Steam heat and open Ores.
Perfect ventilation
Pipe organ and orch«atx»
Perfect aenrlca
Unexcelled cuisine
Every luxury attainable
T> T^T TOO TO FOR BARBERS. BA K-
DXIU w5 IT. Ej »J •"• bootblacks, bath-
UUUUIIUW houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, fanners.
dyer* flour milts, foundris*. laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painter*. «h*w factories, sta-.,
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN EltOS..
Ilrush ainnufactnrera. COi> Socramento-St
\A/. T. HESS,
Xotary Public and Attorney-at-Law.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. CUu* Spreckels bids.
Telephone Main U.S-J.
Residence. USC2 McAllister at.
Residence Telephone Page 0(341.
Weekly Gall 41.00 ier Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: V/OMAK^S ORDEAL
Breads doctor's questions
Thousands Write to Mrs.Pinkham, Lynn,
Mass., and Receive Valuable Advice
Absolutely Confidential and Free
There ran be no more terrible ordeal
to a delicate, sensitive, refined woman
than to be obliged to answer certain
questions in regard to her private ills,
even when those questions are asked
by her family physician, and many
r^kAirs-T.C-WiUadsen R)
continue to suffer rather than submit
to examinations which so many^ physi-
cians propose in order to intelligently
treat the disease ; and this is therea-
son why so many physicians fail to
cure female disease.
This is also the reason why thousands
"jfcs-.pon thousands of women are corre-
sponding with Mrs. Pinkham. at Lynn,
Mass. To her they can confide every
detail of their "illness, and from
her great knowledge, obtained from
years of experience in treating female
ills. Mrs. Pinkham can advise women
more wisely than the local physician.
Read how Mrs. Pinkham helped Mrs.
T.. C. Willadsen, of Manning. la. She
v.' rites :
hfAT Mrs. PlnVham:—
" I can truly say that you have saved my
lifp and I caiinnt express my gratitude in
words. Before I wrote to you telling you
" hovr I felt, I had doctored for over two yean
rteadv, and Kpent lot* of money in medicines
besides, but it all f atif*l to do me any good. I
had female trouble And would daily have faint-
i»i" spells, backache, bearing-down pains, and
m v monthly periods were very irregular and
finally ceas'sa. I wrote to you for your ad-
vice and received a letter full of instruction*
jiist what to do, and also commenced to take
Lydia E. I'mlibaui's Vegetable Compound,
end I nave been restored to nerfect health.
Had it not been for you I would havo been in
tii y grave to-day. ' ;
. Mountains of proof establish the fact
- that no mecicme in the world equals
Lvd:a K. I'inkham's Vegetable Com-
. W>uß<i for restoring women's health.
MAUYAiS MUSIC CO.
133 MARKET ST.. CFP- AASOM.
Phnnczranlis at Low Pficss — Easw PaYments
T- ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Doctor Writes of Counterfeiters.
OHAS. m FLETCHER, New York City. HyamuS) MasSl) May 12 ' 1900<
-Dear Mr. Fletcher:— l wish to congratulate you on your numerous vic-
tories over counterfeiters and imitators of Castoria, and trust the time is not far
distant when these inferior and dangerous mixtures will be entirely suppressed.
You are right when you say in your advertisements that it is "Experience
against Experiment"
I feel it to be an outrage, and an imposition upon the parents of little chil-
dren tfiat my name should be associated with imitations of Castoria, dangerous to
the health and life of these little ones who too often fight their battles for life in vain.
Let me again commend you for the high standard you have maintained
in the preparation of my? prescription, and I confidently believe it is due to this
scrupulous integrity you are indebted for the wonderful sale of Castoria to-day,
and the steady growth it has had since I gave you the details of its mauufacture
in^yja^toi^hiig-^ years ago. qJL^x 4&.jL>-*».i,.
M^^^^zllSH^^^ ia Tho Kind You Ilave AlTrays Bonght, and which has been
jgg|Fa^*~»~ ~^^*^j|a tn us© for over 30 years, has borne the signature of
~7Tr^T,-mTT7m,;i i.,.aJ^t!t M and haa been made under hi* por-
AVegebblePreparationforAs- M C? J CJ&tfi t ~#T*, »onal supervision since its infancy.
Sitnilating tfae Food andßeSUla || /-UtCAJK Allow no oneto deceive you inthi*.
ling the Stomachs and Bowels of .Wk All Counterfeits, Imitations and "Just-as-good" are but
»«-i"»p^w'iLwu»iMmJML"ir.L' tKJJ If! Experiments that trifle with and endanger the health of
ffi'KlE'ffiVffr fc^gfrPi '\u25a0 1 1 ft » 1 1< *yg-f fl Infants and Children— Experience against Experiment.
»^£- 1 . What is CASTORSA
Opium. Morphine nor Mineral. || Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
NOT NARCOTIC. |j goric I>rops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
... . |i contains neither Opium* Morphine nor other Xareotic
to^Joun-S/Mun.Pmmil H substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Woniw
H and allays Feverishneas. It cures Diarrhoea and TV md
M£s£n»+ " m Colic It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
$£%*t' H and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates tho
> H Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
jj&wjEd^*' H The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
JSSi=W i CENUINE CASTORIA ALWAYS
tion. Sour Stonach.Diarrhoea. m y* Bears the Signature of _^--m
Worms .Convulsions, Feverish- W *-mff Kimm mi i \u25a0hhitttS'
;^iijf^:;l| The Kind You Haie Always Bought
1 In Use For Over 3O Years.
tXACT COPY Of WRAPPER. ||1 w%»w .w. — -
\u0084., \u0084 THtefitT*oweo«iP*»nr. tt nuii»«r st. mew »•«* city.
There is no nicerf no more whole- \u25a0 iifaimmi [ii llf^m
some beverage than I lIhHI P llllß^S
Neither car sickness, biliousness W/^^(Q^^^^yf
nor nervous depression from long f w^^y^^ v
travel ever troubles those who !\)|§|E/
Whenever and wherever you &^^ J f l "i|J^^^
dining car conductor cannot supply ufc J^jfc>s \'V : A
you, write to the. Railroad Com- Wwo^\W^^^"n
pany about it, and when you. get M^^J^J^^^frm
home order from your grocer. II HfflTjjjffj «m&
Union Brewing and Malting 'Co. ffi| || lIP
Bottlinsr Deot. Phone Mission 319 > ***fll l lW W*^Philadelrhia ...*.....• l g 2
Uattrrieg— Ewing and Schlei: Nichols and
Abbott. - * • - - •\u25a0
CHICAGO. Aug. 10.— In a pitchers' battle
Chicago failed to Kcore to-day, while New
York made ere run on an error In the sixth
Stran* reached flrst.on a fumble, jjtole Eecond
and came home on 'McGanr.'s clean hit \t
tendance 11,000. Scoie:
Chicago .-. o 3" \u25a0•>
New York ,\\ .4 Z
natteries— ner.lback and Kll.i£r; Matthewsorj
and \u25a0 ISownrma n. I'mpirp — O'Day. '
PITTSIHTRG. Aug. 10.— Boston's errors
wore-not disastrous end the hits were produc
tive, -while PHtrburg's errors and hits were
Just the reverse. Attendance 15,00<>. Score:
Plttsburg . . I \u25a0.....: 4 . v' '•>
Boston ' 7 12 il
Batteries— Robertallle.- Cas« and Gibson'-
and Moran." Umplre-^Klem.
; ST. LOUIS. Aug. 10.— Brooklyn failed to
support Mclntyre and dropped the last game
of -the wi?s< to St. Loula. Brooklyn broke
the record on errors, making nine. - Attend
ance 1300. Score: • •
"R. H. E.
St. Louis .. ..: r, 12 , 3
Brooklyn ...*.. .V. ........... 4 ~ .S> n
Batterieit— Taylor and Leahy; Mclntyre and
Ritter. Umpire — Bausewine.
Totals .33- « S *20 11 3
' ; SAN FRANCISCO. '
AB. H. BH.PO.A.E.
Spencer, r. f . 4 1 • 1 1 0 0
R. Hall,, s. s. 3 0 0 2 2 1
!• itzpatrick, p. 4 0 2 0 1 0
Houtz, 1. f :i 1 2 2 0 0
F-m— , lh. :: 1 1 11' 0 1
Bl:inkc:iship. c. ........ .'> 0 14 7 0
Hart. c. f. 2 *1 0 0 0 0
Frlck. 2b. .. .". 1 0 :: 10
Ilns Three "ml liming* on Home Klelil
t v".nd Tlieu Sfttlcw. Dnun,
SEATLE, Aug. * 10.— Fireman Fitz
patrick had tin fee bad innings to-day.
His support -was as bad as could be.
The Seals made, four runs off one hit,
a wild pitch, a hit batsman, a base on
balls, jibolk ar.ii a counle of errors
in the seertnd anil third innings. After
that the t>rornan settled down, his sup
port became better and he. held San
Francisco down to one hit and no runs
for the other six innings. «
Williams pitched la good game, but
his passes were costly and his support
;inrciiHblc- nt f.-itif-al' periods. Danny
Shea dropped - the ball after having si
runner blocked off the plate, and Goch
nauer failed * tr hold the ball in the
eighth, when the locals made two runs
and took the load. Had ho held the
ball, there would have been no score.
He lot it Sret .way from him, and Houts
scampered home- from second. . The
score:
SEATTLE.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Walters, r. f. . . ."> 1 1 1 0" 1
lO.ne. 3h .5 1 1 :: 3 2
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— The New York
Americans suffered their first defeat to
day after winning thirteen games. Chi
cago won easily and takes the lead in
the pennant race. Attendance 1500.
ScOF-6 '
Ncu* io rW -•••••••••......\u25a0...... 2 4 '5
Chicago 8 i 0i 0 a
Batteries— Chesbro. Newton and Kielnow;
Smith ard McFarland.
BOSTON. Aug. lo.— Detroit won the first
came her* to-day of a double-header. The
visitor*' ba*e running nnd sacrificing turned
the scale In ihelr favor in the earlier contest.
Kit»>ns inability to put the ball over the
plaip was i he mort Important factor In the
wcond came. Three of his bares on balls
were converted into mcs. Attendance COOO.
Hccru**:
{ FlrFt game— -R. h. c.
Uttrolt 2 7 0
Bo«ton i 7- o
Batteries — Killlaji and Warner: Young and
Seccnd game — . n. h. E.
Boston r .» 2
Detroit '..'...'.'.'.'. 8 10 5
Batteries— TannehiU and Crlger: Kltson and
Drili.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 10.— Philadelphia-
Cleveland (two) games postponed; " rain.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 10.— Wash!ngton-St.
Louis (tno) games postponed; rain.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
KIT/fIWTKICIv IS UXSTEADV.
Totals SO 4 4 24 11 5
"Waldron ovt for bunting third strike.
KCNS AND HITS BY" I.VNINGS
Se?.tth- 2 0 0-1 1 0 0 2 x— «
Ua.*«- htw I 0 0 O 2 2 0 :t x— S
Sar. Francisco... 02200000 o—l0 — I
Case hits 2 0 10 10 0 0 o—l0 — 1
SUMMARY.
Earned run — Seattle. Two-base hits —
Kt'ne. Williams. Double p!uy — Gochnauer to
Wheeler to Ncalon. ?acri»ice hlt3 — Houtz,
WalUron. Gochn.iiifr. Stolen basts — Walters.
Kane. Blankcnshi:). Hp.rt 2. Irwin. Nealon
Struck out— Uy Fitzratriik .'.. by Williams 2.
Ba-ses nn balls — Off Fltzpatrlck 1. off Williams
:'.. Hit by pitched ball — Nealon. Frary Frlck.
Wild pitches— Fitzpatrick 1. Williams 1. Balk
— Fitzpatrick. Lsft on bases — Seattle 9 San
Kr.incsco ::. Time of same — Two hours. Um
pire — Ferine.
Valdren. c. f 3 0 1 1 0 0
Wheeler. 2b 4 0 1 4 3 O
HiUebrand, If •* 0 0 ,"J 0 0
Irwin. 3b 4 1 0 2 I 0
Ncalon, lb 3 1 0 10 0 1
Gochnaufr. s. s .1 0 0 1 7 2
»^««i c 2 0 0 2 0 1
Williams, p 3 1 1 0 3 I
American L"«kuc— i National League
,w, w - L.Pct.r W. L.Pet.
Chicapo r>- J« .oiS New Y0rk... 71 ;<o 7W
Phllad'phia .f.l ."S .57! Pittsburjr ...<a 3S fi"4
Cleveland ...54 42 .^Philadelphia 5S 4:{ .574
New York...4U 42 -.824 Chicago .-..&.) 4» .57:t
B-ston 47 44 .sH;;cir>clnnatr ..54 4» .824
I^troit 4fl r.O .479 St. Louis „.« C 5 .;«i
Wathingfn .:f7 5,1 .4fr.' Boston 34 71 321
St. 1»u15....:n 00 ..'{ssl Brooklyn ...30 C 0.303. 303
STA.NDIA'G OF THE CLUBS.
After a surfeit pf the miniature boxers
the fieht fans will have an opportunity
of seeinc two of the giants of the ring
in action to-night at Colma.- . '
Gus Huhlin and Jim ' McCormick will be
the prtnclpals. The former has been in
stalled a one to two choice in what lit
tle betting has been done on the fight.
While neither man has any pretensions
tc class the light should be a good one.
There will be no fancy boxing, but there
should be a lot of hard hitting, which
always pleases the spectators.
The management promises to start pro
ceedings promptly in 'order, to have the
spectators bacl: in town at a seasonable
hour.
John L. Sullivan will. be a striking fig
ure in McCormiek's corner.
2:15 trot, purse $1000. three-heat • plan —
Thome Boy won three straight heats, time
2:10',i. 2:12>4. 2:13; Joe N, eecond; Jim Fen
ton, third. Harry J also started.
2: IS pace, purse $1000, three-heat plan — '
Maud Ktfcwick won three rtraight heats in
2:loi£, 2:CBv4; ln«>r-Ocean was sec
ond;' Doris B, third. Bertha \V, Rcglna and
Trmmit Burns were distanced.
Free-for-all tict, purse J2OOO, three-heat
plan — Tiverton won first and second heats in
2:«'5»A. S.-Oe; Kwctt Marie won third in 2:06>,i;
CorKe C was third. McKlnley also started.
2:14 pare. pur««> $1000. three-heat plan —
Krußfr won three f-traight. iK-ats in 2:CS, 2:CB,
2:<<y' 4 : Queen of J»pad>s=. Bc-concJ; High Seven,
third. Webster anil Bedford l'oy also Etart
od. Roland Heed was distanced.
In the first race to-day, the 2:14 pace,
Kruger was the favorite, and he won
handily in straight heats. Thene was
but little betting on the 2:18 pace.
Maud Koswick won in three straight
heats. The last race of the day was a
hig upset. It was the 2:15 trot and
Thornc Boy stepped right out and took
three heats easily. Another large crowd
enjoyed the sport. The meeting will
l>e corn-hided to-morrow. Summary:
BL'FFALO. Aug. 10. — Sweet Marie,
2:04 S 4. the McKinney mare, owned by
William Garland of Los Angeles, which
took the measure of Tiverton in their
match rare at Roadville last week, had
the tables turned on her to-day in -the
fr«e-for-all trot, the feature event of
the Grand Circuit meet at Kenilworth
Park, when the Galilee Rex stallion
took first money In straight heats in
2:05 J i and 2:06. The mare took the
third heat in 2:oG'* after the result of
the race had been settled, according to
the throe-heat plan in operation here.
This blow was one of the worst the
talent has suffered at the meeting, al
though Tiverton was supported hand
somely.
Totals .SI 2 10 24 \u25a0>. 9 2
•Batted for Garvin In the seventh. : , *
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.- "
Los Angeles ..; 0 0 10 0 0 l'O o—2
Base hits..... 1 () :t 0 1 2 « (» o— U>
Portland.. 0 10 0 0 0 2 1 x— 4
Base hits... .. 0.2 10 1.1 4 1 x— lo
SCMMART.
Struck . out — By Garvin 5,' by Jon a s .'s, by
Gaum* 1.-- Bnses on balU — Off Garvin -.off
Jones 1. off. Baum 2. Two-base : hits — Schlaf
lcy.S Hoffman. : Dillon.. Thrte-base hits — Me-
L«-an. Flood. Home 'run — Baum. -Double 1 plays
— McLean to Sehlafley: Plood .- to v Dillon*
Schlattey to Mitchell Brashear to Dillon. Left
on bases— Portland S. Los A ngrel's 9. Sacri
fice hits — Householder. -Stolen bases — Fleming •
Schlafl^y. Cravath, Host. First base on er
rors — Portland ;2, Los Angeles 3... Innings
" - •\u25a0\u25a0- . : : \u25a0\u25a0""\u25a0 ,"*,,. ,..". :. ' .-; Jr.. . •
Hose. 1. f 4 0 0 4 0 0
Eaßar. c. 3 0 0 1 1.0
Baum. p. 1.2 2 2 2 * 1
union, lb. ...- :s o 3 « 2 o
Spies, lb. '.'..0 0 0 2 it j»
Brashf :ir, s. s. : 4 0 0 4 » 1
Cravath. r. r. ..: ..2 0 l l n o
Totals XI 4 10 27 14 3
LOS ANGELES."
AB.' IS. BH. PO. A. E.
B-Trr.ard. c. f 5 0 1 '2 0 0
Flood, 2b. 0 0 :i 2 10
Smith .lb 4 0 0 0 0 0
Garvin p. 1 0 0 0 '_• . 0
Jones, p. 1 0 0 0 0 0
\u2666Cates 10 1 0 O l>
Van Buren, c. f. ....... 4 » i 1 o it
Kleminir. I. f ....4 «. 1 2 1 0
Mitchell, lb 4 O 1 7 0 2
Schlaney. ...... 4 1 1 :: 5 v
Householder, r. f. .-: .1 1 - 1 1 1 0
McLean, c 4 1 :! 11 2 0
Hoffman, :tb. :t 1 1 1. 1 l
Northern 3lcn Take the Angels Into
Cunip With .Marked Regularity.
PORTLAND. Aug. 10. — Portland de
feated the-' Los Angeles te^m again to
day, making: It three straight for the
week. Garvin started the game against
Baura, but in the seventh inning tie
was hit hard and was replaced by-
Jones. The feature of the game was
the batting of McLean, who secured
three hits, one of, which was a triple,
in four times at the bat. and Baurn's
home run. The score:
PORTLAND.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E;
Atz, s. s. 4 0 0 1 2 0
THREE STRAIGHT FOR GIANTS.
CHICAGO LEADS
FOR PENNANT
SWEET MARIE
IS DEFEATED
SARATOGA £3I«ECTIONSJ
By the New York Mornine Tplpirraph.
First raee — Hubrlc, Bail Stwn, Froa-
Ifuac.
Sft-onrt Tare — Princess Tnlatic, Mnc
of I-lfe. Our Sister.
Thlrri rai'i Uttle Soout, .Monsieur
Bemifnlre. r!«n;''nnwaga.
Fourth race— Chiilfonte, Pythln, Ark
lirta.
Fifth rape—Elwoodi Bronze IVIjir;.
Just So.
Sl^th rnrc — I.uT\-aonlan, Rapid Tran
sit, xfustronio.
AVeathcr clear. Track fast.
pitched —By Garvln 7. by Jones 2. Base hits —
Off Garvin 10. Tim? of game —One hour and
forty minutes. Umpir; —Davis.
BETTORS FAVOR
BOXER RUHLIN
1 TOUT EH IK SELECTIONS.
Bytho Xtw York Morning Telegraph.
Fir.it nice — Ilrvonshlro. Illudou I'rlti
ccnn, l^rncst r*arliam.
Second raw — Hlrnil nsliani, > Lena
JoueH. Alnin Gardner. '
Third race — True Wins, Jolly Witch,
Brighton.
Fourth race — Halifax, Oblyeaha,
Away. \u2666 •
Filth mce — Parnasa, Blaegrra.ts Girl,
."Uontneller.
.Sixth nice— Xnrnnod Ohio, The Lex
lii»ton lender, l'rluce of Pilnen.
Scventli race— Cherlpe, Blue Flame,
Mixzen Mast.
\u25a0 "Weather clear. Trade tnnt. \u25a0
;.\TOMA *EI.KCTIO\'S.
Ey the Xew York Morning Telegraph.
First race— Alh^inarlr, Mcrces, Mat*
tlf 11.
Sernnd rm>r— \\>sitrrn Diikf, Kins
KllMTrortb. Rlrrh nrn«tm.
TUlril TM'r — :.'e«i4le*hn. Thro Ca.-»*|
Mntnbon.
Fosirth raci" — Ple-iT J, F^rtrrnl, The
Vrt. V v ' :
Fifth race — HI mile Ailanr*. 'I'elcpntliy,
Cumn.
Sixth race— Pn«l, Kdi:ar«lo, Dr. Wans.
Weathrr elocdy. Track mlow.
Seventh race, mile and one-quarter, four
year-olds and up. selling — Bassar'-. 110.
Harry Xow 110. Blue Flame 100. T Know
IC3. Bugler 10:'.. Gipsano 107. Santa Luna lv::.
Scalper Km. Rudabek 100, Mlzzen Mast 100.
Chtripc OS.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, three-year-old."
ami up, selling — Prince of Pilsen 110. Outwal
IL3. Monadnock IC3. Norwood Ohio 104.
Fairbury 104. Miss McKenna 100. The Lexing
ton Leader ICO. Chnnada 100, Magic 9J*. Miss
Affable 9.'!. Dixie Andrews 9.'!. Annie Alone 93.
Filth race, mile and a quarter, selling — Lit
tle Tommy Tucktr 110. Wontpeller 10s. L°e
King 107. Blue Grass Girl .ICS. Sarilla 103.
Littl-> Wally 103. Parnasa iKI. The Bobby 102,
Old Mike IC2. Honda ICO, Lila Xoet OS, Lady
Foi.«) 9S.
Fourth race, five and a naif furlong.", free
handicap, two-year-olds — Halifax 117. Armis
tice 111. Ohiyesha 107. Ltttle Mike 101. Away
9 1 *>, J. K. F. 90, Mamie Foster SO. (Ohiyesha-
Mike, Brown entry.)
Third race, one mile, tnree-year-olds. sell
ing — True Wing 110, Savoir Faire 107. Ralph
Reese lOC. BruFhton H3. Highland Fling 101.
Depends 101, Trapplst 9»!, Haw trey 9«i, Jolly
Witch 90, Economist Wl. Doc Wallace 02.
Second race, four and ar half furlongs, two
yf ar-olds. selling — Logan Vv ater i lON. La Jy
Walker ICS. Lena Jones 108. Young Reminder
lt'.S, Birmingham 101!. Cadillac lOt;. Skepti
cal 1C~:. Sweet Flavia 103. Daring l«l. Pirates'
Dream 9S, Alma Gardia OS, L'aby Willie 99.
fcht r;i»n: estrvss.
FORT KRIE. Augr. 10. — The entries
for to-morrow's races follow:
First race, six and a half furlongs, four
year-olds and up, selling — Devonshire IC9,
Ann>; Davis. lCb", Ernest Parhsm lt'4, SagreJo
ICI, El Key 101. Sneer 101. Ericula 9'J, Hindoo
Princess y;>, The Elba 93, Wissendine W>.
False 99.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, maidens,
two-year-old-? — Kthel Rfd 112. Crow«had<? 112.
Ktcpa 11". Ea?t End 112. Dave L'Wia 112,
Rapid Transit 112. Nostromo 112. Lawsonian
\V Hocus Pocus 109, Ravena I<l9, Bayonet
112.
Fifth race, one mile, three-year-olds and up.
selling— Bronze Wing 105, King Rose ICS.
Meisterelnger 1C»!. Supreme Court 93. Lord
Badge 110 St. Breeze 107. Kxclamatlon l'Jl.
Knight of' Rhodes 107. Stroller Its, Potrero
Grande 10*1. Father D 94, Graylad 9(>, Norn
vllle 88. Just So 103, Yorkshire Lad 9'J. Kl
wood 101.
Fourth race, five and a ha:f furlongs, the
Troy, sailing, Sl3OO added two-;ear-olds —
Peeping Tom 10«». Rustling Silk 02, Hester W
94, Muffins 9(S, The Irishman 101; Quorum ICS.
Nostromo ICS, Adonis 10<>, Pythia 91, Mintia
93 Arklirta 100 Chalfcnte 104. High Chance
ICS.
Third race, one and a quarter miles, three
year-olds and up. handicap — Benvolio 97, Lttle
Scout 10»i. Wire In 104. Bragg 10(i. Jack
Young 100. Sonoma Belle '.10, Oaushnnwaga
129, Judge Hlmes US, Monsieur Beaucalre 103.
Glenecho 100.
Second race, one mile, mares; three-year-olds
and up, se ling — Irish Witch 101, Lir.e oi LI c
9«. Highborn SO. New Mown Hay 114, By
Ways OS. Lady Ellison 9t>, Prnce.-s Tulane :>!>.
Daisy Green 99. Ascension ICO. Canteen 101,
Gttlice 91. Zlnda S5, Dinah Shad 101. Our Sif
ter U>
First race, seven furlongs, all ages, handi
cap — Schulamlte 11)0. Funlculairc 110, Bur
leigh US Frontenac US. Letila 97, Workman
107. DArkle ill). Had News 120, Rubric 104,
Jocund 107, King Pepper !><;. Cigarilshter I<X\
Alwin US.
SARATOGA. Ausr. 10. — The Troy
sellinpr stakes will briny out some
clever two-year-olds to-morrow. The
ilay'.s entries:
SARATOGA KVI'RIICS.
CINCINNATI, Avar. 10. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Latonia fol
low:
Fir«t race, seven furlongs, sellta? — Chancy
f.C. Merces $*>'. Kate Zltt Mi, Sister Lillian l>f>.
Show Girl SO. Berinthia 91. Martha Celia 01.
Goodtlme 81, Conclave 92. Frank Me !>2. Ma
ceona S-1. Algonquin !>5, Albemarle 97. Mat
tie H 90.
Second race, one mile, svllins — Ahofa 93,
Katie Towers !>:'>. Biroh Broom 97. Willowif-ne
100. Western Duke 103, KiriT Kllswortri 104.
Third race, five furlongs, selling — Dr. Wln
dell SS. ToastmaFtcr 91. Maileable 95. Fair
view r.i, Mata?»>n '>3. Sherri!! W. Squanderer
9ti. Theo. Case I>9. Dr. Keith luo. Neodesha UM.
•Fourth race, seven furlongs, selling — The P^'a
Sfi, Trix'.f? White !K>. Covlna 92. Rosses-sa ".41
Federal 92, Free?la<» 94. Mint Bed 94. Th«
Laurel 94, Mips Mac Day !h;. Judge" Travnur
9«. Miladi Love 91>. Plorce J 1CI). Handy Bill
10::. Crcscerton 11-.
Fifth race, five furlongs. pur?e — Floss S IW,
Donsie Den«more 101. Betsy 101. Anita 1^!,
Spnta Lucia 101. Sister Edith 101. Goma ltl.
Queen Caroline ICtt, Minnie Adams l';i>. Tet
erathv lCii. Merry Bel!« ICK.
Sixth race, one. mile. seliinK — Omealca 97.
Royal Pearl 97. Paul 97; Dr. Wang H>l. His
Majesty 102, LazeU IC2. Harpy Jack II K5,
I. \TOAIA E>TUIE.«.
Time, 1:403-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, A. Molinelll's eh. t. by Ossary or
St. Gatien-Lizzetta. AmbTlta, Monochord,
Magnclin. Watertower, Day and Mezzo Imi.-hrd
as named.
SIXTH RACE— One rr.i!»; selling; • three
year-olds ard un:
Betting. HorFP, Weight: Jockey. St. % Fin.
7to 2— Gay Lizzette, H2 (L3e).... 3 2 hit 1 S
4to I— Solon Shingle. IU." (Bjland) « IIS2 h
sto I— Derry. 100 (J. Bcokrr).... 9 7 S A 1
Time, 1:13. i^tart g<v}d. Won driving. Win
ner. J. A. Dennett's oh. o. by Farandaie-Vir
ginia Moore. IColaneka. Maximilian. Bass, In
dian Star, Peter Knight, Agent. Brilliant, Jay
Fay, Long Brook. Salt and Pepper and Coeur
de Leon finished as named.
SIXTH RACK— Six furlcntrs: for maiden
two-year-olds and un; purie:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
10 to s— Fillmore, 115 (Kmith).. 8 0 XU 1 Hi
7to I—Gambler.1 — Gambler. 112 (Dugan)... :t 1 li-',2 h
IS to I— J. Leacalle, 112 (Martin) 1 2 h 3r>
Tltre, 1 :C2 1-5. Start gecd. Won easily.
Winner, George- fc'alle's br. c. by Sempronious
"\Veb of Fate. .Factotum. Cadichon. Jean Lee,
Pea Fowl and Tichimin::o finished as named.
FIFTH RACK— Five furlongs; selling: two
year-olds:
netting. Horse. Weight. Jookey. St. % Fin.
7to 2 — Fortunate, ICI (OberO... :: In 12
oto I—Col.l3rcnston.Kti1 — Col.I3rcnston.Kti (Booker) 7 ."> :> 2 1
10 to I—Devoir.1 — Devoir. 100 (W. Fisrher) S 2 a :: n
"I am willing to sign with the club right now," said
Nolan. "Any prnposit^m that is anywhere near fair is agree-
"1 do not want to have any more dealings with irrespon
sible parties." retorted' Britt, "and if I am to do business
here to-night it will be directly with the club. This fellow
Nolan has gone out and made the false statement that Britt
wanted Nelson to lay down to him, and I will have no
business dealings with him."
"If the club finds it impossible to make- this match with
the representative? -,f Britt and Nelson now present," con
tinued Britt. "1 wili delegate my power to some other person
to make this match. All I want is this match."
The fighters are also to get a privilege of a thare of the
moving pictures which are to be taken of the contest. Brilt
agrred to take a o»:e-third of interest of the pictures, while
Nolan accepted $59iM outright as his share.
Coffroth opened the meeting by informing the rival man
agers that be had made an offer of $20,0J0, or 65 per cent of
the gross receipts, for a match to take place at Colma on
September 'J.
•'1 have been eritieized for talking several times," inter
rupted Nolan, ""but I !»till siy that the Britts are not on the
levfl with us and lam willing to bet $300 they will not
sign."
Aftor diplomatic negotiations extending over many months
Jimmy Britt and Battling Nelson signed articles last night to
iVuht forty-five rounds at Colma on the afternoon of September
S>. The contest is to take place in an arena to be erected at
Union Courting Rark. The lighters are to battle for 05 per
cent or the gross receipts and a tide bvt of $10,000. Britt hns
been guaranteed that his share will be 520J000 if he wins. The
referee will be selected before the 26th inst. William F. Britt
and Billy Nolan signed for the boxers, while Manager Jim
CoSrctb looked after the interest of his club. Money In big
euros was so freely mentioned as to make it appear the Jap
aneee Indemnity was under discussion.
It took three houra before the deiaiis of the match were
ft tiled at. the conference in the Columbian building. For a
i; m » it appeared the match would Call through us Willie Britt
was determined the club should truarantee a purse cf $20.Q3 ! )
as well as allowing him the privilege of C 5 per cent of the
pi oss receipts. Britt's anxiety to make the match did not pie
\> nt him making a good financial arrangement, and he stuck
to Ma demand sill through. Coffroth, on th<> other hand,
flatly refused to male liim the offer he wanted. Nelson's
manager came to the rescue at a time when it appeared that
Britt nnd Nolan would not sign and the situauon was cleared
up. Nolan said he would po?t $10,C00 in the hands of the club
manager to-day if Coffroth would make good the other $10.
000 as a guarantee to Britt that the winner's share would be
KO.OOO.
They agreed to have both contestants to weigh 133 pounds
at 10 o'clock the morning of the contest, which will be Admis
sion day. An arena will bo built to seat 15,000 people. The
largest attendance ever at a flffht here was 10,000 when Jef
fries and Corbett fought.
"Well, my offer is final," exclaimed Coffroth. "Well, so is
mine," retorted Britt. The sporting men, managers, and news
paper men assembled in the room were making- their -way to
the door, concluding that the Britt-Xelson match was still
as fur off as ever, when Billy Nolan arose from his seat and
said he would guarantee Britt a $20,000 purse. This came as
a thunderbolt from the skios. No one could speak for a
moment. Finally he was asked what he meant.
"Well," Nolan said, "I will post $5000 to-morrow with Man
ager Coffroth and should the match not draw $20,000 it can go
to Britl to make up the drficier.cy should Britt win." This
was not satisfactory to Britt, who demanded that a check of
J20.000 be posted. It was evident Nolan had overreached him
self when he offered to guarantee Britt 120,000, as he ac
knowledged he could not raise this amount. Another dead
lock resulted in which all kinds of explanations were offered,
but a breach between Coffroth and Britt existed as to who
would get the best o? the matter.
Nolan evidently did not want to lose the match for ho
again came to the rescue with an offer to post $10,000 if Crof
,'roth would post a like amount as Brltt's guarantee. x,Nolan's
offer means that if Brltt should win and his percentage of the
purse is less than $20,000 Nolan will be compelled to make the
deficiency between the $10,000 guaranteed by Croffroth and
J20.000 purse guaranteed.
Other arrangements went along without a hitch and showed
that both managers- were anxious that their charges should
meet. Forfeits of $2600 will be posted by each contestant with
Harry Corbett as weight and appearance money. They will
also put up like amounts as a guarantee that the referee will
be selected by the 26th inst.
l r or the' net half hour Coffroth and Britt harangued, each
accusing the other of wanting the best of it. All kinds of
propositions were oftered but each was determined to gain his
point.
able to me. I don't intend to leave any small matters stop
proceedings."
Manager Coffroth asked the managers the percentage pro
position.
"I'll ta-.e 65 perceit of the gross receipts,," answered No
lan, "and &JOOO for m/ iiortion of the moving pictures." "I
want both privileges." shouted Britt. "If the contest should
draw more than $20,0*0 1 want C 5 p?r cent of it." "That is not
my offer," • responded Coffroth. "1 never made that offer. 1
agreed, to give you a flat purse of J20.000 or if you thought the
contest would net you more than this I am willing to allow
you C 5 per cent of th* receipts."
Time, 1:30 2-5. Stait good. Won- driving.
Winner, J. L. Holland's blk. f. by Kir Dixon-
Merdln. St. Valentine, Mad Mullah, Athlono
and Telephone finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; for three
year-olds and ui<:
Batting: Horse. Weight. Jookey. St. % Fin.
10 to s—Memories,5 — Memories, lit. (Mclntyre) 2 2 1 1 l!j
4to I— Sir Ralph," BB (Miiler). .. 3 3 1 2h
4 to I—Humo.1 — Humo. 'JS (Fountain).... li Jh ."{ h
FOURTH RACE— One mile and seventy
yards: selling; three-year-oMs:
Betting. Hor«e, Weight. Jockey. St. •% Fin.
10 10 i_jungle Imp. 102 (Obert). 1 5n 12
4to I— Sand. IC4 (J. Dale) 6 2 1 «»2 »i
oto I—Dor.1 — Dor. Dodd. 02 (Swain).. I 3h :: i«
. Time, I:4U. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Mrs. J. B. Brannon's b. c. by Pirate of
Prnznncc-Murmera. Th<? Trifier, Mamie Al
gol, Gladys McDonnell and C. R. James fin
ished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-old
f?llie3; purse:
Bftling. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4, to 3 — Zienap. 112 i Morrison).. 1 1 C 1 2 ,
.» t o i_Osee. 102 (Wilson) 4 2 >* 2 1 j
Sto 3 — Slstr Frances. 107 (Rdtk) « 4 1 ". 2
Time 1:01. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner W. F. S.hulte's b. f. by Florist-Alleviato.
!\u25a0 Lllita 100, Qu.^n Caroline V". Merry Be'.lu
ICO. finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furl.r.gs;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
4 to.". — Man?arc!. 10S (R*d:ke) 1 S 2 1 Ii
2I) to i_pictur(? Hat. 00 iHffrn). 9 2 nk 2 ."!
0 to 2— Aurocelver. J»^* (Mcrrl?). :; 1 \^'. 2
Time. l:2t>3-5. Start good. Won fasily.
AVinner. J. O. and G. H. Keene's b. g. «Ti)
•by Florist-AlfirTr. El Doaoso li- Klf-a" t
Howard fi7, BelUoone 92, Ruth's Royal 107,
finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — Ore mil» anf? one htirtrtrefl
yards: four-year-olds and no: selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jo.key. St. *i Fin.
7 to 2-Florizel. 07 (Fey) 3 t H t J
s tf> i— Axar°s. 07 (K ..crner>. .. 3 2 U. 2 1 «- a
S to Z — Fonsolura. 103 (R:>blnsn) 1 4 1 'A'! '^
Time l'-fT '--•". Start gocd. Won handily.
Winner H M< Carty Jr.'s b. r. (4) by Jurenai-
Flo-entia. Plan !>2. Aprle !W, Dur.gannrn 03.
Outlaw 92, Frivol 0.". finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; all ages;
B^ttfrift. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
;; t .j i—RMsk. 102 (Munro) 1 1 1 1 h
• > to s—La5 — La LonSe. IC3 (D.Bolnd) f> 4 4 2 h
a to I— Rabo. 100 (Fotey) 2 3 1 3 1
Tims 1:13 1-& Start goofi. Won driving.
Winner, Johnson & Dcdson's b. g.. by Russell-
Nuska. Conjur^Fs. Capitano. Mtnamto and
Henry Waring linished as nsmed.
FOURTH RACE— The Hurcn handicap; a
mile and three-sixteenths; lor tbrce-year-otds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. :t i- Kin.
<; to s— Bedouin, 11". (Shaw) 5 13 12
11> to 5— M. Lark. 115 (Hildeb'd) 1 :: h 2 ::»i
12 to I— Palm Tree, 102 (Knapp) •'! « 3 l'; 3
Time, 2:00 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. E. W. Jewett's b. g., by Meddler-
Lizzie I'ontrose. DArkle, St. Bt-liane, Ga
mara, King of Troy and Kehailan finished as
named.
Time, 1 :CS 1-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner, Oneck stables' b. c, by Deceiver-
Spectacleii. Sunglow, Odd Ella, Sterling,
Mintla, Sir Carrythers, Cocksure, Volo. Bur
nett, Gentian. Third Alarm, Orlflamme,
Azure, • £uds, Hampton and Lady Kin3smere
finished as nam--d.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs,
selling; lwo-yfar-old<»:
Betting. Hor3e. Weight. Jockey. St. •?,. Fin.
10 to 1— Optician. ) i<<J (Hildeb'd) 4 I 2 I Vi
13 to 6 — Pisobed't. 104 (Murphy) 1(> 4 h 2 IV..
7to I—Flavigny.1 — Flavigny. 102 (Knapp) 1 »> 1 •': li
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; maiden two
year-olds : purse :
Betting Hotse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
:; ti» I— Sra Mate. 109 (Rarttke). 11115
2i» to I— Hot Toddy. 104 iHicka) 9 7 2 22
13 to 1— L»o Bricht. 1«M (Wilson) 3 « h 3 1
Time.* 1:02 •>.". Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. I>enny Bros. 1 eh. c. by Flr^t Mate-
Ol'-ar g°a. Ecleptlc I'^r.. Storif-r Htl! 104. Woo!
Soap If 4. R*ly IWi True 101. Sair-.ta' Day 10*.
Windshield H>-*. Fr»Fnnla 104. Flagstone lot.
Hccrv Morn 104. Julius Frank li>4. finished aa
named.
SECOND RACK — Five furlongs; two-year
old."; maidens; purse:
Betti-:g. Hor;?e. Weight. Jockey. St. •%. Fin.
2 to I— Fulbert. 107 (R.Mrphy). 1 12 12
10 to I— Paeon, 10t» (Le») 7 5 'j 2 -
15 'o I— Kniekrbker. I'M (Taylr) « 2 Uj : > 3
Time. 1 :02 3-5. Start good. Won rasily.
Winner J. W. Bladlock'B b. g.. by Gedden
Garter-Hcloise T. Kins Guinea. Gold Mate.
Lady Hamburg, Lucy Carr. Easter's Pride, Dr.
Koch and Pentagon finished a3 named.
SKCOND RACK — About two mites; steeple
chase: handicap; fur four-ycur-oMs and ui>:
BtttuiK. Horse. Weight. Jovksy. St. \u25a0•*\u25a0 Fin.
sto L' — Conover, 145 (Harri.«).. o 1 :: 1 ?i
2 to I—Pious,1 — Pious, 117 rFtnnt-Kan). 4 ."{ 2 2 li.
10 to I— Paula ker. 137 (Holman) 2 2 1' 2 ; I
Time, 4:27 2-5. rftari good. Won driving.
Winner, C. M. Harris.' en. g.. by Falconer-
Maggie Ward. Buck O'Dov/d. George Keene,
Chatuwind, Uecimc and Temerity Hnished as
named.
::to5 — H'.t, 90 (Morris* 4 1 « 14
15 to I—Saf.Lisht.1 — Saf.Lisht. t «Rarftk«>. - 4 1 2 .1
10 to I—Bernice.1 — Bernice. t>7 t ßobinson*. 3 3 1 3 H
Time. 1:42. Start gr>oif. Won easily. Win
ner H. Simons" b. g. ni> by H>rmence-Quefn
ly. A Convict I<£. Animosity 1"2, Lady Brl
lalr 04, Brown Vail '\u25a0*". flni?he'l as named
SECOND . RACE — One mi'e: four-year-olds
and ui>: selllns:
Bettinsr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
The fans were about ready to go,
wiien ICrujrer sent the oall to the ex
treme end of left Held in the Oaks' half
of the ninth. A balk'by Fitzgerald al
lowed Kruaror to take third. He scored
on Shfohan's error of Croll's infield hit.
The Tigers cut matters short in the
extra round by Casey and Graham scor
ing clean singles. Doyle's long lly
brought in.Casoj, and the next two men
went out. "Oakland went out in suc
cession in Us half. The following is
the score:
TACOMA.
AI3. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle. r. f T» 0 0 i> 1 0 0
Sb 5 0 0 0.1 :» 1
Nordyke, lb -I 0 0 o 14 i> 0
Kagan, «. s 4 0 0 0 5 1 0
McLaughlln, 1. f. . . 4 0 X 0 '1 0 (I
Lynch, c. f 3 0 0 1 2 0, 0
Carey, L'n 3 2 1 ,2 .3 4 0
Graham, c 4 2 4 1 2 4 0
Fitzgerald, p. .'5 0 0 0 0 7 0
Totals \u00843i 4 C 4 30 22 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
Van Haltren, c. f . . . 4 1 10 1 0 0
Francks, s. s 2 0 0 0 2 4 1
Dunleavy, 1. f 4 1 2 0 5 0 0
Kiuger. ::b 4 1 1 0 0 2 0
Kelly, 2b 4 (» 1 0 4 3 0
| Croll, r. f 3 0 1 0 3 0 0
Strelb, U> 4 0 0 0:15 0 0
Stanley, c 4 t> 1 0 0 2 0
Iberr. v :> > o 0 o 0 4 o
•Graham 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 33 .17 0 30 15 1
•Graham battrd for Iberg in tenth Inning.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. .
Tacoma 0 0 10 0 0 0 2 0 I—4
r.a:=e hits . . 0 <» 1 0 1 0 0 1 1" 2— 6
Oakland 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 o—3
Base hits ..2 1 1 0 0.10 1 1 o—7
SUMMARY.
Dalk — Fitzgerald. Two-base hits — Dun
leavy (2). Graham, Krugcr. Sacrifice hits —
Francku (2). First base on 'errors — Tacoma 1.
Oakland 1. First base- on called balls — Off
Fitzgerald 3, off Iberg 3. Left on bases — Ta-,
coma 4, Oakland 5. Struck out — By Fitzger
ald 1, by Iberg 1. Wild pitch — Iberf? 1. Time
of game — One hour 30 minutes. Umpires —
McDonald End Bray.
Tacoma's first run came in the third
Inning, when Graham, the first man
up, laoed out a double to deep left and
scored on Fitzgerald's sacrifice and on
Doyle's out.
Although Iberg pitched a great game,
his defc-at -was partly due to "his own
tjenerosity in walking Casey, the first
man up. in the eighth inning. Graham
was there again with the timely birigle
and sent Pearl around to third.. He
rccristf-rod on Doyle's fly to deep center.
A wild pitch by Iberg allowed Graham
to come in.
.Oakland forced the Tacoma •"Champs"
to piny all the way to defeat them yes
terday at Recreation Park; and it was
only after an extra round that Rip Van
Ilaltren's men . succumbed. Captain
Charley Graham usod the willow to ad
vantage, and In a large measure his
efforts won for his team. He was ther v ?
with four of thfi si>; hits scored by
his men; and they counted in i.-very
run made. Tin-, finai score was Tacoma
4, Oakland 2.
It was a sec-Paw battlt. in which the
Cotnmuteri: started in the lead, lost it,
tied the score only to be. nosed out in
the extra inning:. Rips men glad
dened the hearts of the fans in the
ninth inning by tying Tacoma's lead,
but they could not stop Fisher's men
from scoring. They c.ime through in
the next ?pssm with two singles and
registered the ivinnins tally.
After the Tacomns vent out in one
two-threp order in the opening round
the Commuters -vent after E'ltzgeralfi's
offrriingrs as though they were going
to Fond him to the bench before the
game had fairly begun. Van j Haltren
walked, and went to second ,on
Franck's sacrifice. lie scored when
Dun lea vy straightened one out for a
two-basger. Kelly followed with a
clean single, scoring Dun. Kelly was
thrown out while trying to steal sec
ond.
AY. L.P<t I XV. I..Pet.
Seattle X-S .770 i Oakland j '< .4H
'lacoma 5 :! .(Jjr. -an Francisco/! <5 .\u25a0Hi
Portland (j 4 .IJOO l^os Angeles...^ 7 .TZI
(Pacific Cuast Leasue.)
Brilt and Kelson agree to post 92500 each for compliance with thes? articles of agreement, the club at
the same time pontlng a like amount of ?2.100, to be divided between Britt and Kelson If it falls to live up to Uh
part of the agreement. Brltt and X'elson agree that If either one falls t» comply with thcxe articles to for
feit $2000 to the club and the other $500 of the {?U.%00 forfeit to the contest int complying. Harry E. Corbett is
hereby named as stakeholder.
Soft surgical bandages are hereby permitted.
Xetther party to engage In boxing contents or exhibitions of any kind before the date of this contest or
exhibition.
Signed and sealed by the parties hereto the date first above written.
Wltne-se-t ->\u25a0 >V. COI TROTH.
J. LIXDSAY. BILLY -XOLAX,
(I'ALDBHAR YOI'XG. For Battling Kelson.
j. Ml -HPIIY. ™- V- nRITT,
W. \V. XAI GIIT<»X. Kor Jimmy Britt.
the money.
Brltt and Nrlnon agree that Mnrqul» of Queennberry rulen shull govern the coutent, gloves of regiilatitvn
•lxe to be used and contest to be given In accordance with all legal requirements.
Brltt and Kelson agree to weigh In at 133 pounds at 10 o'clock a. in., the day of the context, at Harry Cor
betfa.
Contestants to be prepared to enter the ring between the hours of 1 o'clock and 3 o'clock the day of the
contest.
H <.f,. roe to be selected by the contestants on or before the evening of August 20. 1005. Brltt nud Kelson
agree to forfeit $2500 each to the club In the event of their failure to agre; upon a referee. Automatic clock to
be Installed by club.
SAX FRANCISCO. Anfptst 10, 1905.
Article* of agreement entered Into between Jnnie* Edvranl Brltl. representetl by AVHIIe Brltt, and Rattling
Nelson, represented br BHly Xolan, and .lames \V. ColTrolh, represenllns the Colinn Club, etc., ivitnessethi
The C«lmn Club hereby offers «5 per cent of the ki-oss gate recelytx for a contest between Brltt and Xel
•os between the 7th and 11th days of September, IW.', at an arena to be designated by them. The Colma Club
guarantees that the contestants' end of the gate reeelptu will be at least $20,000, that Is, so far a* Drltt 1« con
eernedt In other words: If Brltt wins the club given him 05 per cent of the gnte r«H"elpt.s and guarantees that
the same ninount to f20,000. If »lion vflbm, he to reeclve C 5 per cent of the receipts without a guarantee.
Brltt and Kelson agree to box forty-live or more round*, the winner tn take the entire contestants' end of
ST.\xnix<; o:' THK cj.uhs.
AGREEMENT UNDER WHICH THE MEN WILL FIGHT
T:icnin:i-Onklau«l nt Kecrcntlori Park,
l.os Angel?* tit Portland.
San Franelico at Seattle.
TO- DAY'S GAMES.
Sea tile, (5; Sau Krnm-l."«-o, 4.
Tncoiu:!,' 4; Oitfcland, 3.
Portland, 1; I. oh Ansrelcs, 2.
BUFFALO. Aug. 10. — It was the
unanimous opinion of the regular race
goers on the Canadian circuit that the
third event at six tuilonss at Fort Erie
to-day brought together the best field
of sprinUrs that have ever met in Can
ada. The wind was a little unfavorable
and the track somewhat dtad or a new
Canadian record for the distance might
have btcn hung out. As it was. they
stopped tiie distance in 1:13 1-5. Rusk,
splendidly ridden by Alunro, finished
first by a head, with La Londe the same
distance in front of Rebo. The winner
was all cut and the other two would
have passed him in another stride.
Summary: \u25a0
FIRST IJACE — five furlongs; maidens; two
ytar-oids; purse:
BettlnK. Hers-. Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
3 to s—Oak5 — Oak Grove, 10J (Kunz>. » 1 3 1 lvj
4 to I—V.1 — V. Becker, lull IWwmnJ 1 - h 2 U3U 3
10 to I—L.1 — L. Stewart, II!* (Christn) 2 4 2 3 4
Time 1:02 2-5. Start fair. Won •easily.
Winner T. H. Ryan's br. f.. by The Roman-
Kival. Ktta M, Kontana, F.tnel Ppl>er. Zana.
McClelland, Hackler and Htss hnished as
named.
CINCINNATI, Aug. 10.— Mud a;:<! rain
prevailed at Latonia to-day and the sport
was only fair, the majority of the winners
crossing the wire in easy manner. The
third rape, a purse affair for two-year
olds, was the feature. It was won by
Sea Mate. The chestnut son of First
Mate received a flying 1 start an'J was
never headed, winning .as he pleased by
live lengths. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlonss;
three-year-oMs and up: selling:
UettinK. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2O to I— T.Laurpl. l»7 (Robinson) 'J 1 ;; 13
11 t ,, in — Naran. 92 (Raiitke) - 4 \tyz 1
12 to I—Nominee.1 — Nominee. 00 t Hicks)... 5 2 h ?. .1
Time. " 1 :21 2-.">. Start bait. Wen easily.
Winner, P. Mriluire's b. m. (8> by T.iurna- ,
ment-Lucill*. Sam Craig li>2. Miss Manners
191, Major Carpenter OTA, Colonel Jim Lxiuglass
SX>, Danube 07. Ike 09. Pierce J 07. finished as
named.
.SARATOGA, Aug. 10. — If the weather
was much hotter here it would hurt the
attendance at the races. It was simply
stifling and oppressive to-day. There
was a good crowd, attracted by the
running of the Huron handicap, which
Bedouin won cleverly from Alerry Lark
and Palm Tree. Bedouin had a .com
manding lead from the beginning and
was in hand at the close. St. Bellane
was never dangerous, neither were the
others in the race. Summary:
FIRST HACK— Six furlongs; handicap; two
year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. "i. Fin.
k to I— Flip Flap, 114 (L. Smith) h 1 1 I l'ri
2to I— J. Kedu'ek. 1 17 (lielj; H) ti o 1 2li
5 to I— Anodyne. 114 (Uuird) ..4 7 >j .i 1
Time, 1:14. Start Rood. Won easily. Win
ner, J. A. Bennett's eh. f., by Hand^pring-
Alvarette. Sidney F. Athlete. La'iy Navarre,
Veronese ar.d Sly lien finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REsin/rs op gamksl
Both Teams See-Saw Until
the Tigers Finally Win
Out in the Extra Round
Lasts Long Enough to Beat
La Londe a Head on
the Post in Fast Time
3hid and Rain Prevail at
Latonia and the Sport
Throughout Lacks dates
Unusual Weather Conditions
Prevail at Saratoga to
Discomfort of Racegoers
HEAT IS OPPRESSIVE
SLAP.MEX IN GOOD FORM
RUSK FINISHES FIRST
TRACK PROVES HEAVY
Enjoys a Commanding Lead
From the Start and
Finally Wins Cleverly
Fishers Men Find It Neces
sary to Play Ten In
nings to Down the Oaks
Finishes Five Full Lengths
Ahead of His Field, After
Getting a Flying Start
Oreatest Sprinters h\m
Brought Together in
Canada in Competition
GRAHAM'S HITS
ARE OPPORTUNE
BEDOUIN TAKES
THE HANDICAP
CLEVER FIELD
AT FORT ERIE
COLT SEA MATE
NEVER HEADED
DIPLOMATIC NEGOTIATIONS
RESULT SATISFACTORILY.
Rival Lightweights
Agree to Fight
at Co/ma.
Winner Will Receive
the Entire Purse
Offered.
BATTLING NELSON. WHO IS
MATCHED TO FIGHT 13R1TT AT
COLMA NEXT MONTH.
Sixty -Five Per Cent
of the Receipts
His Share.
BRITT-NELSON MATCH FINALLY MADE
EDITED BY
R.A.SMYTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, AUGUST 11, 1900.
SPORTS
PAGE
REDDINCJ. A';*. IC— The southbound over
land train ran, Into • a herd of cattle below
th»» Tenama line yesterday, killing six. and de
laying the train. The cattle belonged to the
"Lelar.il Stanford herds.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI. Ohio. Aug. 10. — Cincinnati
made It four straight to-day from PhllaoVlphia.
A base on balls followed by two hits save the
visitors their lone tally. Attendance 1000.
Score:
K. H. E.
Cincinnati 4 10 0
The management of the park declares
the anti-betting. law will be rigidly en
forced on tl:e- premises.
ST. LOUIS. Aus. 10.— In order to
check any tendency to fracture the
anti-betting law of Missouri through
wagers placed on baseball games Vice
President Stanley Robinson of the St.
Louis National League Club has caused
signs to be posted at the- baseball park
reading: . "Positively no betting al
lowed in these stands."
No Bettlns ou Daseball Gamei.
CHICAGO. Aug. 10.- -Governor Edward \V.
Hoch of Katifcas, accompanied by his wife and
daughter. Miss Anna Hoch, paxsed through
Chicago last night en route to Philadelphia,
\u25a0u-here Mice Hoch will chriEten the new battle
ship KanE&s.
10
JIJLMT BRITT. WHO PROPOSED
THE WINNER - TAKE - ALL.
IDEA.
JpTn "A FRIEND IN
\u25a0« *i?m T5? I<r often applied to
jfrgvl Marquette Whiskey; ,
X^^^JiSiA. it 3 absolute pi'rlty.
I^^^^^Bi?^- delicious Ravor and
1 a t7^S^rfisU fragrant aro:r.a
' 3 fCTI t m »ke it a welcome '
; I lsT~~— ss 55 * 1 * guest and every
; "• iWRQUtTa^II K u « 3 t welcome. j
j |>ai l '^ irrt: il -^ s^ ' or ' l "wherever
fb^^j GROMMES & ULLRICH
K^^r" «l Distillers I
' P^^rf CHICAGO. ILI-
' § ~T t*{ B?s2 Snn I*" I >nejsii>o BrnnchWeather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 10,-5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Cincinnati 90-72 Philadelphia 76-72
Boston 7*3-70 New York 76-72
Jacksonville 88-7 C Pittsburg 88-70
St. Louis ..:.: ..90-74 Washington .....SO-72
Chicago 90-74 Honolulu. H. T.. 82-76
New Orleans 84-74
SAN FRANCISCO 62-54
COAST RECORD.
a g 2 a ' » -s
i ti v n p i
STATIONS. J T!§ io go ~
% 3B3 B 333 3 I \u25a0? \u25a0 |
3 '3 . . ;
Baker .- 52 ~
Carson 29.80 88 54 "W Clear .00
Eureka .30.00 56 52 TV Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.76 100 t>6 W Clear .00
S E. Farallon.29.M 57 53 NW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 2i).76 78 52 SE Clear .10
Independence .'^9.70 OS 66 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles .20.90 76 HO W ' Clear .00
Mt Tamalpais.29.9l 72 62 SW Clear .00
North Head ..-«.. . . 5<S
Phoenix 20.64 102 74 W Clear T.
Point Reyes -.29.91 59 52 NW Cloudy .00
Pocatello M
Portland 56 ...
Red Bluff 29.74 9« <5S SE Clear .00
Roseburg 54 ....
Sacramento ..2D.7S S6 56 S Clear .00
Salt Lake ....29.52 86 62 W PtCldy T.
San Francisco.2o.94 62 54 W Cloudy .00
SL. 0bi5p0.. 29. 00 74 56 W Clear.. .00
San Diego ...29.90 70 .«4 W Clear .00
Seattle - •• 5*
Spokane • . ' . - <54 \u0084..-..
Tatoosh 52 ...
AVinnemucca 29.82 90 56 N Clear T.
Yuma 29.66 104 78 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Unsettled weather continues over the inter
mountain region. Thunderstorms are reported
in Northern Arizona and Utah. Light showers
have occurred in Nevada.
Warmer weather prevails in the valley of ths
Colorado and cooler weather is reported along
the coast of Southern California. 7
Forecast made at i San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, August 11:
"(San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Friday;
fresh west wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity— Cloudy Friday;
fresh west wind. .
Sacramento Valley— Fair Friday; light
south winds.
San Joaquin Valley — Fair Friday; light
north winda. •
Coast— Cloudy Friday; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Friday, possibly showers in
mountains; light north winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Frnlt and AVlieut Bulletin.
For the twenty -four hours ending 5 p. m.,
120 meridian time. San Francisco. August 10:
Fire DoK<rojlng Fores tn.
BUTTK, Mont.. Aug. 10. — Advices
from Western Montana to-night state
that forest fires are raging near the
Idaho line and extensive damage is
threatened. .The flames are in some of
the thickest pines of Western Montana,
and the less will be considerable. \u25a0
DES MOINES. lowa. Aug. 10.— The
Golden State Limited of the. Rock
Island line, while westbound, was
ditched one mile west of Columbus
Junction at 1 o'cloct. this afternoon,
only one man was injured, Charles
McKerman, of Chicago, who was badly
bruised by "the falling of a chair car.
Spreading of the rails is given the
cause of the wreck. Three coaches left
the track and turned over.
Wreck on the Rock Island.
HELENA, Mont., Aug. 10.— Argument in
the Cobban land fraud case was be
gun this afternoon In the United' States
Court. United States District Attorney
Carl Basch opened for the government
and occupied about two hours. He told
in detail of the transactions of Cobban
with entry men and women, stating to
the jury that in every instance Cobban
had furnished the money for the locators
to make their entries and later had fur
nished the money to make final pay
ment, without taking any security. He
also dwelt' on the fact that in the cases
of about eighty entrymen and entry
women, deeds had been made to Cobban
either on the day they made final pay
ment to the land office or within a few
days and that in nearly every instance
the amount netted by the entryman
was $100. • '
Judge Hunt ruled against the admis
sion of the record in the Clark civil
suit and denied a motion of the defense
to instruct the jury to acquit. The case
will probably go to the ; jury on Satur
day morning. \u25a0
Accused by District Attorney
in Argument : in
Montana.
COBBAN UNDER FIRE
IN LAND FRAUD CASE
Shortly before the departure of the
Kanagawa a lire started in the cotton,
and before it could be extinguished had
destroyed some :*OOO bales. Captain
Wale states that the loss was scaicely
noticeable to the casual observer, and
that the space which the burned cot
ton had taken was filled almost imme
diately by oth*r bales, which were dis
charged from the many ships.
The greater- part of this cotton is
American product, although a small
percentage comes from India. Captain
Wale says that a. large amount of cot
ton-weaving machinery is being in
stalled in Japan, and that the manufac
ture of cotton fabrics is rapidly becom
ing :i great industry in the land of the
Mikado.
SKATTLE, Aug. 1 01— When the
Kanagawa Maru lef t» Kobe on h«r last
voyag-p to PHiittle there wore more than
eighty ships either at the docks of that
port or lying- in the offing- awaiting
their . opportunity to discharge; their
cargoes, which, for the most part, con
sisted of cotton. This commodity, ac
cording* to Captain Wale of the Kanaga
wa, is crowding every warehouse along
the water front of Kobe and is over
flowing: into the fields which extend
back from the town.
Cotton Purchased in United
States. Forms the Greater
Part of Delayed Freight
WATER FKONT CROWDED
Eighty Vessels at Kobe Are
livable to. Find Quarters
to Store Their Cargoes
SHIPS AWAIT
TURN TO DOCK
h i H i I n h |
stations. ||;|ifg f' s=§ f
c c 3 ; • :
o ra • • • I
Cloverdale ..... 85 56 .00 Clear , . . .'. ~
Colusa 92 «2 .00 Clear .... ..
Eureka 56 52 .00 Cloudy W . 6
Fresno 100 66 .00 Clear W r Lt
Hanford ..'....*104 HI .00 Clear ;.... ..
Hollister -74 53 .00 Clear
Independence ..T. 9S 66 .00 Clear SE 18
Llvermore 88 54 .00 Clear
Los Angeles .... 76 60 .00 Clear W 12
Merced 103 40 .00 Clear .... ..
Napa 77 57 .00 Clear S
Newcastle 86 69 .00 Clear SW ..
Newman 102 WT .00 Clear .... ..
Palermo 1)7 5'J .00 Clear .... ..
Porterville .....100' 56 .00 Cl*ar XW ..
Red Bluff fi« «S .00 Clear S 14
Riverside S9 53 .00 Clear ..
Sacramento 86 5« .00 Clear SK '8
San Diego 70 64 .00 Clear AY ' 8
San Francisco .. 62 54 .00 Cloudy AY 16
San L. Obispo... 74 56 .00 Clear W Lt
Santa Maria ... 75 56 .00 Clear
Santa Rosa 76 53 .00 Clear
Stockton . . . 87 CO .00 Clear
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hanford— Muscat grapes ripe; wine grape
crop good; grain crop good.
Hollister— Peach drying in progress; fair
crop; larae size.
Livermore^ — Very few good yields of grain
reported .
Cloverdale — Weather favorable to maturing
grape crop/
Santa Maria— Apricots dried, light crop;
beans uncertain; heavy crop sugar beets being
harvested. '
Napa— Prospects good for fine yield of pato
tocs and com.
Stockton— Alfalfa hay good quality; other
varieties medium.
A. G. McADIE, Section Director.
Branch 1/jdrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chanie* Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
- Thursday, August 10, 1903:
Tbe Time Ball on the tower of the Ferr>
buildirjj was dropxjed exactly at noon to-day—
i c., fit noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p' m Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U". S. N.. In cbarra. ;
Time Ball.
NOTE — In the above exposition of th« tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column -and the successive tides of the
day in the order ot occurrence as to time; the
fourth time colunrji gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the //nindings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)( — )
tign precede? Uie height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. T»he plane of reference is the mean
of the tower low waterg.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey- 1 —
I Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
I NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
, the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
I of tide is the same at both plac.ee.
; FRIDAY. AUGCST 11.
Sun riFes .' 5:20 a. m.
Sun sets 7 :00 p. m.
Moon sets 1:53 a. m.
O I Time! ITimel ITimel Time
» I 1 Ft. Ft. ! ! Ft. , Ft.
!» jL W| !H W| IL Wf H W
11 | 2:31 f— O.l' 8:42 4.4! 2:131 2.9J 8:261 5.9
12 3:Slj— a4|lo:32 4.6! 3:C9 2.8 8:20 6 9
13 I 4:0S— O.5!11:1S 4.7 3:58 2.8 10:10 5.9
14 4:30;— 0.4|11:56 4.9 4:45 2.7 10:55 5.7
15 | 5 :2C;— 0.212 :35 4.9 5:30 2.6:11:40 5.4
1« i «:<l2| 0.1! 1:10! 4.9 «:14 2.4! !
IH W )L W H -»V IL W .
17 0:22 5.1| 8:35 0.4 1:10 4.91 6:58 2.3
18 1 1:00 4.7 7:10 0.9 2:10 4.0) 7:43 2.3
19 I Ijs6j 4.41 7:40 1.3 2:30 4.9| 5:35 2.2
Sun, Moon and Tide.
C. Tobey. for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT. .:
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr Cal
ifornian, from Hilo.
FOREIGN PORTS.
LONDON— Arrived Aug o— Fr stmr Amlral
Regault de Gronoullly, from Santa Rosalia.
PENANG — Arrived Aug 9 — Br stmr Indra
mayo from Yokohama, for New York.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Aug B— Stmr Tremont,
for Yokohama. ' '" "
Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Manchuria, hence
a'c'APXJLCO — Sailed Aug 9— Stmr City of
Sydney, for San Francisco; stmr Acapulco, for
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Aug: 9— Br stmr Ara
gonia, from Oreson. _ •
Arrived prior Aug 9— Br stmr Kmpress of
India, from Vancouver.
Sailed Aug 6 — Br stmr Henley, for Puget
°ANJER— Passed prior Aug 10— Br bark An
dromeda, from New York, for Hongkong. ;,-.
BRISBANE: — Sailed Aug 10— Br stmr
AoranKl, for Vancouver. ...
VENTNOR — Passed Aug 9 — Nor ship Nords
jernen. from Vancouver, for Queensborough:
ANTWERP— SaiIed Aug 7— Br bark Pax,
for SHn Francisco. •
VICTORIA— SaiIed Auk 10— Br stmr Dum
barton,* for San Francisco.'
FERNANDO NORONHA— Passed Aug .4—
Ger stmr Seraols, from Hamburg, i for San
Francisco. OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 10— Stmrs Ligu
rla, Genoa and Naples; stmr Montevideo, from
Genoa, Naples and Cadiz; stmr Bordeaux,
from Havre. „ T _
Sailed Aug 10 — Stmr La Gascogne, from
Havre; stmr Bremen, from Plymouth, Cher
bourg and Bremen.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr . Em
press of India, from Vancouver, for Hongkong;
«tmr Korea, from San Francisco, . via Hono
lulu for \u25a0 Hongkong, , etc. . — - •
Sailed Aug 6— Stmr Henry, for Puget Sound.
HAMBURG— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Teu
tonic, from New York. \u0084 •
BRISBANE— SaiIed, 'Aug; 10— Stmr, Morangi,
for Vancouver. '
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Aug 10— Stmr Bal
tic, for New York.' .-
GENOA— Sailed Aug 7— Stmr Sicilia, for
New York. '.- \u0084 '• .\u25a0 . •\u25a0 \u25a0 • ,
HAVRE— Arrived . Aug 10— Stmr La Tour
alne. from New. York.' .
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Sonoma
sailed yesterday for Sydney via ' Honolulu.
Pago Pago and Auckland with a general mer
chandise carpo, valued at $194,703. to be dis
tributed as follows: For Honolulu. $:<S.>iS2;
jE&jno&n Islands, $3477; New Zealand. $66,564;
Australia, $78,985; South Africa, $463; Fiji
Islands, $17::; Friendly lsUuids, $140. The
followmg were th« principal shipments:
To Honolulu— 236 bbls flour, 70.000 lbs rice,
75N1 lbs codfish. IlftU lbs assorted dried fish, o
l<kgs |>r*pare<l n*h. 34 ctl» com, 3U64 lbs mid
.'ings. 61 ctls btrky, 515 Ibf beans. 3210 gals
' xvire, 141 gal* 5 cs spirits, 25 cs whisky, 5 cs
ohampapne, 10 <-s ale, 610 gals 1 cs vinegar,
4<X» !bs 5 cc rr.illfauffs, 89T»!> lbs butter. 12»5 lbs
4 os cheese, 35 cs eirgs. 1033 pkgs fresh fruits.
I!VS pkfcTE frrsh vegetables. S3 pkgs onions. 210
pkgs potatoes. 63<i lb« garlic. iufis lbs fresh
tE^frt. 3453 Ihs dressed poultry. 830 lbs fresh
arh, 5 <* frozen cyaters, 2UC cs. canned goods.
14 cs salad oil. 4UO the lit e& dried fruit, 14
1 r.v taU» preparations, 1540 lbs tea, 123S lbs
67 cs bread. «1 pk** p«stt?. I* pksrs groceries
provisions. 7110 Ibis lard, 730 lb» salt. 383(5
\u25a0lbs -h«rj-and- bacon. 1670 lbs candy, 15CD Itis
lobae'co. 10 bal^s paper bagF. 2 cyls ffas. 2 •
foils wire. 2 cs alcohol. 11 cs drugs, 3 ceils ,
rope. 19 crt» machinery, "1 bdls shocks, .3 cs
*4t-etrical goods, 78 pkis paints and oils. 136 ;
j>kgs paper. 24' i ck soap. 3 cs. bicycles. -SO cs
matches^ 44 pkgs dry good?;. 14 op boots and I
titoes. - I
\u25a0.To Ramoun Islands — I*s bb!s flour. 4<Xl2 lbs I
rice, 6."55 lbs 2 <\u25a0-» br-*d. few It* tnUlstuffs. siw{ I
lbs lard. 122 en «-armed ?ro<>di=. 2*» gals 4 cs :
u-Jne. 955 lbs? ceffee. 3>>Ti lbs dried fruit, 4S» cm j
7 pkg? salmon. 3 bbls beer, «M pkgy Kro-.t-ries \u25a0
and provisions, 11 c* rgßt. 34 pkgs potatoes, j
Jl pkgs onions. 32 pkpy fr<-eh fruits, 430 pkgs :
Gov'rrrmeßt ttort*. in i>kg» waK«ih tiiattrial. |
10 or paints, .'J3 bal^s bar>-. 4 bales twine. 4 '
c» soap. Re%R c% oil, "> txjl* raillwork. 11 pkga dry ,
goods, 5 crt* bicycUji.
To N>» Zealand— 426* orts onions. 2«21 c»
canned fruits. .V>.24(» lbs dri<xl truit. 35.9C0 lbs
raisins. £>!)*> pkgs fresh fruftF. 304 cs cereal
foods, 10 <*s canned salmon. 2 rs bread. 134 c«
boot* and shoe's, 5 pkg« wagon iraterlal. . 3
phxr automobile partf. S5 pkgs roofing mate
rial, 6 bales 219 pks?* mfttal iiolish. .1
«-rts millwork. 8 <rts sewing niachlnf-s. 16 cs
P^ttis and ammunition. 221* «\u25a0» drugs. 112 cs 13
'M>!s lubricating oil. 17 cs electrical Rood*. 102
fikgs agricultural iaapl^'nipnts. 19 plcgs" paints,
jbo pkrs machinery. 7 pte» overalls. 7020 U;»
asphaltum. 1 bor*r.
To Aurtralla — 2<M» Ttf 70S fki «ilons, 223
erta frcfh fruits. H. 715 Ibf dried fruit. 6 cs
The Sobodii'i Cnrg-o.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Sblpptns Merchants.
The latest lumber charters reported • are :
The British chip Ballactulish, from Puget Sound
to Antofagasta at 37s W, prior to arrival;
British ship Clan Galbraith, from PugK Sound
to two ports. Continent. 82s 6d (chartered In
England t, prior to arrival; ship John Currier,
from Puget Sound to Sydney at 33s 9d. with
option of Melbourne or Adelaide, at 3Ss 9d.
\EWS OF THE OCEAA.
The schooner Sequoia and the barks Annie
Johnson and Melrose left port eaxly on Wed
nesday, and. under ordinary circumstances.
rhould by thlt time be well clear of the
lard. The wind was not kind to th»m, how
ever. The captain of the Sea Prince report
ed th»t at 10 o'clock yesterday morning he
caw the Sequoia off Double Point, and an
hour later passed the Annie Johnson and tho.
Melrcss flapping their wings off Point Reyee.
Little Wind Out aide.
%\u25a0 The rate of reinsurance on the French
aark Lefayette was advanced yesterday to
SO per cent, and small nope Is entertained
of the ves»el ever reaching her destination.
She U out 16S day* from New York for
Saigon. The British chip Port Stanley, out
164 days from Liverpool for this port, is
quoted at S per cent.
Small Hope for Lafayette.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. j Sails, i Pier.
Aus-list 11. j
S. Monica... Grays Harbor ! 4 pmiPier 2
8. Barbara. . Seattle direct | 4 pmiPier 2
Elizabeth. . . Coqullle River | 5 pm;Pier 20
Chehalls Grays Harbor j V, pm,Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & Bergh'mi 2 pmiPier 10
Eureka Humboldt ; 9 ami Pier 5
Aueunt 12. i I
San Pedro.. Grays Harbor I 2 pmjPier 2
Vanguard. . . Humboldt' 10 ami Pier 27
Coronado — Grays Harbor .... 2 pm Pier 10
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmiPier 2
M. F. Plant. Coos Bay 4 pm:Pifr 11
San Juan... N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m! Pier 40
Redondo kAstorla & Portlandl 4 pmjPler 2
Corona Humboldt |l:3opPier 9
AuKiist 13. :
Norwood Los Angeles Ports jlO am Pier 2
Umatilla I Puget Sound Ports.ll am Pier 9
S. Rosa :San Diego & Way.) 9 am' Pier 11
j Ausrust 14. |
Newburg... [Grays Harbor 2 pmjPier 10
Argo ißel River Ports... 3 pm Pier 2
Bonita 'Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Centralia 'Grays Harbor 4 pm]Pler 10
Ausrust 15. 1
City Topeka Humboldt 11:30 p Pier 0
Breakwater. Coos Bay j 5 pm Pier 8
St. Paul Astoria & Portland. 11 ami Pier 24
AnsniKt 10. ,|
Roanoke.... Los Angeles Pts.. 7 pmiPier ."i
Arctic Humboldt 9 am! Pier 2
Sea Foam... Point Arena 4 pmPier 2
Siberia China & Japan ' 1 pmiPier 40
AusriiKt 17. j
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am|Pier 11
Northland.. . Astoria & Portland 3 pnvPier 27
I Aujruxt 18. |
Coo»Bay... San Pedro & Way. l ft ami Pier 11
N\ Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 20
Queen .. Puget Sound Ports.ll am' Pier 9
C. Nelson... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmiPier 20
Aurusl 10. |
Aurelia Astoria & Portlandl S pmjPler 27
Alameda Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
AumiNt 20.
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. lll am Pier 21
AuKUHt SI. I
F. Kilburn.. 'Portland & Way..! 2 pmiPier 27
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 12
Oregon Nome & St. Michael. .Aug. 13
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. (Aug. 14
Portland Cooks Inlet & Way PtslAug. 15
Santa Ana JSeward & Way Ports.. Aug. 16
City Seattle... l Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 16
Olympia Nome & St. Michael.. Aug. 16
Victoria Nome & St Michael.. Aug. 17
Santa Clara... Valdez & Seward lAug. l' 2
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way PtslAug. 25 I
Edith iNome |Aug. 25
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Sonoma, Captain Herriman, sailed promptly
a.t 2 o'clock yesterday for Honolulu. Samoa.
N>w Zealand and Au6tralia. She had pas
i>c :igers tor every port of call and left here
with her cabins comfortably crowded.
Sonoma Sails for Antipodes.
DonaH Seal'.y, who lives at 516 East street,
arid who will net be twelve years of age for
coir.c moittfcs. w-ae taken to the Harbor Hos
r-tal yept^rday with his right arm hanging
In ribbons. Although not yet in his teens,
TVjna'ld is employed at the brass foundry of
W. T. Garrfitt & Co. He was engaged yee-
T<rday In fetdir.g a miUinir machine. While
nomg this he found occasion to reach over
ifce macfcjne. Sharp steel teeth fastened upon
Ms sler.der rtght arm ena before the men,
summoned by his screams, freed the bey,
the limb had received Injuries which will
rer.ier it useless for life.
«• n-.:iM Hi.y Hurt at Drass Foundry.
Th* Pacific Mail Company's steamer Barra
costa. which returned recently from a coff*«
trampins cruise along the Central American
coast, will go to Hunters Point drydock
t'.-day to be cleaned and painted and gen
erally overhauled. She has been chartered
'.' r a voyape to Xicholaeffki, to which port
t-iif win carry a cargo of salt. The Barra
rotua is one of the oldest of the Pacific
Mail fle-t.
l-nclfic vr« II Boat Chartered.
Town Ip From San Pedro.
The barke Vidette, which arrived Wednes
day evening from San Pedro, was towed from
tfc« Eouthprn port by the eteam schooner
)aqua. While at San T»«»<lro the Videtie's
crew and their offlcers haa trouble, which the
sailors peu.;ed by walking ashore. Il was
found impossible to eecure another crew «-o
arrarig-ements were mafic with the laqua and
the windjammer was towed all the way.
Sailed Aug o—Stmr0 — Stmr Humboldt, for Skagway.
Sailed Auk 10— Stmr Minnesota, for Yoko
hama, etc.
Arrived Aug 10 — Stmr Cottage City, for
Skajway.
BALLARD— Arrived Aug 9— Schr Wilbert L.
Smith, from San Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Newsboy,
hence Aue 8; stmr Bee, hence Auk 8; etmr
Pomona, hence Auk 9.
Arrived Aug 10 — Br bark Woollahra, from
Newcastle. Aus.
Sailed Aug 10 — Stmr Fulton, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Aug lo— Stmr F. A. Kilburn, hence
Ai-~ 9.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aug 10— Bktn
Planter, for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Helen
P. Drc-w. hence Auk 0.
CASPAR— Arrvied Aug 10— Stmr South
Coast, henoe Aug 9.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Aug. 10— Stmr Sea
Foam, hence Auk 9.
MOTLEYS LANDlNG— Arrived Aug 10—
Schr Confianza. hence Aug 9.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Aug 10— Stmr St Paul
for San Francisco. , »
Sailed Auk 9 — Br stmr Uford, for Taku
Sailed Aug 10— Stmr Alliance, for Eureka
via Coos Bay.
Arrived Aug 10— .Br stmr Tottenham, from
Mojl. \u25a0 .
Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Aurelia, hence \u*r 5
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr
Whittier, with barge Santa Paula- in tow
from Astoria; stmr Asuncion, from Ventura '
Sailed Aue 10— Stmr Asuncion, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Aug 10 — Stmr Santa Cruz, from San
Pedro.
SAN* PEDRO— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr James
S. Higgine, hence Aug 8; stmr Santa Barbara
from Redondo: «tmr Czarina, from Portland'
Sailed Aug 10— Stmiu Brooklyn and Marsh
field, for San Francisco; echr Manila, for Puget
Sound.
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Roanoke
hence Aug 7; stmr Breakwater, hence Auk 8
Sailed Aug 10— Stmr Roanoke, for Astoria-
Bchr Ivy, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 10--Chil
bark Curzon, from Iquique.
Arrived Aug 10— Schr Alice Cook, hence
July 24, for Port Gamble.
Sailed Aug 10 — Stmr Minnesota, for Yoko
hama. "•. \u25a0- - \u25a0
ST. MICHAEL— In port Aug l_stmr Har
old Dollar, from Seattle.
NOME— In port Aug 2— Stmr Olympia, from
Seattle.
SANTA BARBARA— SaiIed Aug 10— Stmr
Bcnlta and stmr I Santa Cruz, for San Fran
cisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Aug o— Schr J. H
Bruce, hence Auk 27.
Sailed Aug 10— Schr R. W.. Bartlett, for San
Francisco.
ISLAND PORTE. • '
MAKAWELJ— SaiIed Aug G— Schr Allen A,
for Eureka. -
HONOLULU— SaiIed Aug 9— Bark Gerard
REDONDO — Sailed Aug 6 — Stmr Santa Bar
bara, for San Francieco; etmr San Pedro, for
San FrancUco: stmr Santa Monica, for San
Francisco, and not arrived as previously re
ported.
Arrived Aug o—Schr0 — Schr Sotoyomene, from San
Pedro, and not sailed as reoorted.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr
Brunswick, hence Aug 9.
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 10— Schr H. D. Ben
dixsen, from San Pedro.
SEATTLE — Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Senator,
from Nome.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug. 10, 10 p. m. — Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 6 miles per hour.
Per tug Sea Prince, Aug 10— Off Double
Point. Aug 10, 10 a m, schr Sequoia, henc«
Aug 9, for Astoria. 11 a m — Oft Point Reyes,
bark Annie Johnson, hence Aug 9, for Hono
lulu; schr Melrose, hence Aug 9, for Grays
Harbor.
SPOKEN
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria,
Stmr O. C. Llndauer, Allen, Graya Harbor.
Stmr Sonoma, Herriman, Sydney, via Hono
lulu.
Stmr Aberdeen, Kelly, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Rival, Buckard, Eureka.
Stmr Jeanie, Bartlett, Seattle.
Stmr Despatch, Weber, Portland, via Needle
Rock.
Br shiD Verbena, Lee, Port Townsend.
Bark Vidette, Darwin.' Fort Bragg.
Schr Newark, Johnson, Stewarts Point.
Schr Annie Larsen. Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Tug Sea King, Thompson, Fort Bragg, with
bark Vidette In tow.
Stmr Del Norte. Payne. Crescent City.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Delmar Land
ing.
Stmr Mandalay. Adler. Crescent City.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, San Pedro.
SAILED.
Thursday, August 10.
Ger gtmr Ammon, Jurgensen, Seattle.
Stmr State of California, Thomas. San Diego.
Thursday, August 10.
Ger stmr Ammon, Jurgensen, Hamburg, via
Seattle; J. D. Spreckels & Bros. Co.
Stmr Sonoma, Herriman, Sydney, etc.; J. D.
Spreckels & Bros. Co.
Ger ship Oregon, Sen waning, Portland;
Meyer, Wilson &. Co.
CLEARED.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, August 10.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, 20 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Prentlss, Ahlstrom, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Mandalay, Adler, 41 hours ' from San
Pedro.
Stmr Porno. Reinertsen. 12 hours from Al
bion, via Point Arena 10 hours.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland, 36 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Despatch, Weber, 40 hours from Re
donao.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
San Ditio. etc.
Stmr Elizabeth, Jensen, 46 hours from Ban
don.
Stmr M V Plant, Nelson, 46 hours from
Coos Bay, via Port Orford 36 hours.
Stmr Maggie. Whitney, * hours from Half
moon Bay.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson. 3 hours from
Bolinas.
Schr Lily, Bottger, 5 days from Umpqua
River.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. , From. | Due.
I Santa Monica.! San Tedro jAug. 11
Phoenix : Crescent City |Aug. 11
• Meteor '• Seattle jAug. 11
! Bonita | Newport & Way Ports.! Aug. 11
Xewburg , Grays Harbor |Aug. 11
Brooklyn ! San Pedro I Aug. il
S.Barbara San PedrO ;Aut r . 11
Argo , E^l River Porti 'Aug. 12
St. Paul '.Portland & Astoria :Aug. 12
San Pedro San Pedro |Aug. 12
Vanguard i San Pedro |Aug. 12
! Norwood ! Grays Harbor JAuk 13
i Mackinaw : Tacoma jAug. 13
Pomona ! Humboldt ...|Aug. 13
Breskwater...JCoos Bay iAug. 13
Sea Foam ' Mendocino & Pt. Arena Aug. 13
Arctic I Humboldt ..(Aug. 13
Gtimanicus...'. Oyster Harbor lAujj. 13
Dumbarton. . .1 Oyster Harbor I Aug. 13
State of Cal. ..San Diego & Way Pts.;Aug. 14
Chas. Nelson.. 1 Seattle & Taeoma iAug. 14
Queen Puget Souijd Ports |Aug. 14
Northland.... Portland & Astoria Aug. 14
Centralia San Pedro |Aug. 14
Eureka Humboldt I Auk. 14
Mongolia China & Japan I Aug. 14
Cooe Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. 15
Alameda Honolulu Aug. ID
North Fork. . . ! Humboldt Aug. 15
Aztec I Ancon [Auti. lo
Corona ', Humboldt I Aug. 16
Roenoke | Portland & Way Ports.i Aug. I<J
M. F. Plant... Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Aug. 17
Porno.. Point Arena & Albion.] Aug. 17
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Ports; Aug. 17
Columbia Portland & Aetorla ..l Aug.' l7
F. Kilburn | Portland & Way Pts. .'Aug. 1J»
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports iAug. lv>
City Topeka. . Humboldt j Aug. lo .
City Sydney... New York via Ancon..: Aug. 20
Ventura Sydney and Way PortsjAug. 21
Jeanle Seattle and Tacoma. .| Aug. 21
PACIFIC MAIL STEAMSHIP BAR-.
RACOUTA. WHICH WILL CARRT
SALT TO XICHOLAEFSKI.
Movement of Steamers.
liquors, 5 cs bter, 37<> cs canned goods. 33,0U0
lbs coffee, 45 cs preserved cherries, L'3To lbs
l>eans>, 1"»<> cs salmon. 22u0 lbs cocoa., lOuo lbs
codfish, 250 ens lxita-toes, 1- c» olivts, 25<HJ
cs cereal l'oodt, i;i,:..-.1 ft lumbir, «<X» ])kgs
rixitlng ir.ateiial, J*fc2s lbs asphaltum, 540 cs
drugs, 2ti bbls lubricating on, LaO kegs white
lead. 6 pkgs hose, litfe pkgs machinery, 14 pkgs
overalls, fc bales 1 cs leather, ti4 cs arms ami
ammunitiun, 29 crts sewing machines, !Si3S lbs
manufactured lead, I— '2 pkgs metal polish, 35
(s typewritera and supplies, 16 cc boots and
thoee, 5 cs dry goods, lo rolls duck, 1 auto
mobile.
To South Africa — 100 cs canned fruits.
To Fiji Islands — 25 crts onions.
To Friendly Islands —^s cs canned salmon,
6 cs assorted canned goods, 1 cs meals.
Treaty-two of the Russian immigrants
"waiting at the Pacific Mail wharf und*>r
order of <I*;y>rTaTion were taken to Angfl
If-land - on the quarantine
st*-anv»r General Stprnhcrs to attend the
funeral of a Russian woman, one of
\u2666 heir little company, who <iied at the
quarantine- station a victim of Chagrcs
fever. On h«-r death bed the \u25a0woman ex
pressed a wish that her country folk,
w-sth whom she had made the long jour
ney 10 America, could be present when
her body r-if laid to rest in foreign soil
and f urgeo'n dimming sent word to her
That if it lay. in his power ber desire
h*- gratified. And it eras.
Efforts are lieing* made to save the Rus
tiacs> from deportation and' the depart
ment at Washington has been asked for
a speciaj ruling m their case. A few
of proper care, it is said, would
"reftcrTe those now under order of depor
tation .to health. I'nde.f the " circum-
th*> order of deportation means a.
f^nten^e of death for the unfortunate
nr;*;?ia!is«. They came here from Russia
hy way of Panama. Among those de
ported *-^re babies aji.d young children.
5n several case^ the child marked for de
portation was one of a family of three
Of four, [n such case? the mother and
i*:* hfaHhy members of the family were
landed and 'shipped to the Russian colony
near Ix>s- Angeles. The father was or
riered deported with the ailing child. In
V.ss the Government interferes they will
leave- here on Saturday on the steamer
f»an Juan and in a few weeks will be
lar.ded at Panama, , penniless, friendless
and unacelimated. With a little proper
i are. sunlight and fresh milk, the dis
ability which, under the law, now bars
Jiieir entrance to the promised land, will
disappear-. Until it disappears, however.
The Federal doctors are helpless unless
"arrangements can be made to postpone
tbe date .set for their deportation.
Meanwhile the Russians, who are a
clean, healthy appearing people, are re
ceiving every consideration and while
they stay here their burden will be made
s< light as possible.
Her Country
men Attend
Funeral.
Is One oi Rus
sians Refused
Landing.
WOMAN IS BURIED ON ANGEL ISLAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -.FRIDAY, AUGUST 11/ ISJOS.
11
OCEAN TRAVEL.
-" \u25a0•— \u25a0 : Steamers leave Piers 9 and
ell San Franclsccy
For Ketchikan, Wrangel.
\ Juneau. Treadwell, Hatnes.
I Skagway. etc., Alaska — 11 a.
I m.. Aug. 3. S. 13 .18 23, 28,
' Sept. 2. Change to this com
pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
coma. Everett. Anacortes. South Bellinghara,
Beliingham— ll a. m.. Aug. 3. 8. 13, IS. 23. 28,
Sopt. ':;.• Change at Seattle to this company's
k.teamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle
or Tacoma tp N. P.-Ry, :\u25a0 at Vancouver to C.
X Ky-
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m., Aug. 3. 11. 15. 21. 27. Sept. 2. Corona.
1 :30 p. hl+ Aug. 6. 12. 18 24. 30. Sept. 5.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Dieso and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Lui3 Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme —
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Aug. 2, 10, 18. 20. Sept. 3.
Bonita. 9 a. in., Aug. 6, 14. 22.;30." Sept. 7.
For Ensenada. Magdalena-Bay. Pan Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas ' (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th- of each
month.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1905— Th«
palatial excursion steamship SPOKANE will
leave Tacoma., Seattle- and. Victoria June 22.
July 6, 20. August 3.- 17. -
For further Information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates
TICKET OFFICES— 4 New Montgomery st
(Palace Hotel), \u25a0 10 Market st.. and Broadway
wharves. Freight Office. 10. Market st.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Aug. 19,11 A.M.
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Aug. 31, 2 P. M
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Sept. 11, 11 A. M.
J.D.SPffIECKELS & BROS. Co.,Agt3.,TiCiet OffICSOW £g
tm Freight Offlcs 327 Marfot st..' Pier 7, Pacing %
Compncnie Generale Trannatlnntiqne.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE— Paris. . c^L^m
Sailing every Thursday instead uf '^ZjSJfWb*
Saturday, 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. \u25a0\u25a0""\u25a0'"\u25a0»
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. ' Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND INTERURBAN ROUTES.
NAPA VALLEY ROUTE.
MONTICELLO STEAMSHIP COMPANY—
VALLEJO AND NAPA VALLEY INTER-
URBAN ELECTRIC R. R. CO.' Close connec-
tions at Vallejo with c round trips dally for
Vallejo. Mare Island Navy Yard. NAPA, Napa |
Asylum and all way points. Boats leave San
Francisco 7:00 a. m...? 9:45 a. m., 12:30 noon.
3-15 p. m., <1:00 p.m., Bi3Q p... m. . \u0084
San Francisco landing, and office. Pier 2.M
foot of Mission st. . Moals a la carte. Phone,
Main 1508. HATCH BROS., General Agents.
»Lands Navy Yard direct. \u25a0; \u0084 , -
For Vallejo and Marelidand IVavy Yard.
Steamer H. J. "CORCORAN leaves wharf
north end of Ferry Building, week .days (except
Saturday). 11 a. m.. 8:15 p. m. .Saturdays. 11
a m. Sundays, 9:30 a. m., 8:15 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo. week days" (except Saturdays). 7:45 a.
m " 5:30 P. m. Saturdays, 7:30 a- m.,-8 p. m.
Sundays. 5:30 p. m. Meals a la carte. Phona
641. BARNESON-HIBBERD CO.. manaeera.
UM Mnnteomery street. -.••.- . ,
' i; -., \u25a0
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I VsfF and Novelty
cB9N^Sraß^& in enormous
all - leather
purses and wallets from.2sc np
Conklin's Self-Filling Foun-
tain Pens $3.50 to $5.00
Out of town orders promptly
filled.
I HAT MAN PITTS
F. \V. PITTS, The Stationer.
100S MARKET ST., Opp. Fifth,
SAN FRANCISCO.
FREE MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
1111111 l 1G23 MARKET ST.
I^l Pay Museum Doctors
™^ Only If Cured.
Hear Free Museum Lectures to Men I
in Central Hall Museum Building. 810 I
Kearny street, nightly. See new eiec- \
trie museum, anatomy of man and wo- j
man.- Learn secrets of life, mystery of !
death. Know who should marry, who i
not, why. Museum, educational, free j
entertainments nightly. Teach why j
thousands cannot get cured of Varlco- j
cele. Stricture, Loss of Vigor and Con- '
tracted Contagious Disorders of Men.
Varicocele and Strictures cured without '
painful, dangerous surgery. No ancient j
methods, no dilating, irrigating or
knife. To prove merits of new method, i
two weeks' treatment given, or mailed
free. Call or address UXITED 21V-
SKUM SPECIALISTS FOR MEX.
The Dr. Liebig Staff
1033 Market St.. near titk. San Francisco.
Hotel Del Goronado
! Under New Management 1 J
Enjoy California's best climate at the > )
largest seaside resort hotel in the world. \u25bc
f Cuisine unexcelled. Every modern (
i convenience provided. /
7 " Summer Rates * Each person f
y 53.00 day, $ 1 7.50 week, and upwards, b
X Excellent boating, fishing, hunting, /.
v golf links, tennis, bowling. Interest- t
S ing side trips. Ask railway agent or S
\ write >
\ Morgan Ross, manaoeb \ j
# Ck>ronado Beach. California 0 j
m H. F. Koreross. 200 S. Spring. Los Angeles A
ivisiT DR. JORDAN'S greats
{aoSEUH OF ANATPHYJ.
9 Qt 1831SlEKETST.btt.Cth*;th.S.F.C»L A
T Q< Th * L» r * r>t Aouomisal Koxnm tn tb« V
A ' .'' l^*>* World. Vrskonsra or •»» ooatrmctrl ,4
W '&Ssl£& dir:«M iMn.lt l»«*ly eafxi br th* aUcMi \f
| DR. JORDAS-DISEASES CF KEN
A J Treatm<-3t p»r»ou»l!y or by l-tttr. &£
\k7il II flß ' r '''' : t " riia ""-' "" 83 - Itr ' li!:i - x
£r if 11 W Writ « tor Boo -> i*n i l.os. «f:j%- at A
J & is raltsb!* book lor Kea.) \
f I>B. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St., S.F. f
t^^^^»-^3>^^-^|. "^ -^-
/^"^sfck Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
£ -\u0084-a,^ 6129 KKABSY ST. Kstablished
fcS^P^l^aiii 1534 for ttie ireatmpnt of I'rivHtc
M' j\ .%m3 ni.teases. Lost Manhood. Debllltv or
II Sl^tt«l??''li' i '*as»* wearinK»n body anil ni!n<i am!
2w^3i?-i4i« skln Dishes. Tli>- Doctor cures «;, en
?^Siß3'"hP' i * *»"• Try him. I'harges low.
S*siS.i£'Xj2i»'«»«-e>;-suar»«nle«>«l. C:i!!orwri c
»r. J. F- OIBCUK, Sau Frarol3CO. CaL
RAILWAY TRAVEU
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEBN RY. CO.
Tiburon Kerry. Foot of Market Street.
SA> FUAXCISCO TO SAX RAPACL. |
WKEK DAYS— 7:3O. 8:00, 0:00, 12:35. 2:30.
5:10. 5:50.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O. S:00. 8:30 a. m.. 12:35. 2:30.
5:10 p. m.
SA,Y RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:OS. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20 a. m..
12:50. 2:10, 5;00. 5:20, 6:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:05, 7:35. 7:50, 0:C0 a. m., 2:40,
4:50. u:0O, 5:20, ti:2o, 7:st>, 7:5S p. m.
U?ave I In EBect i Arrive
San Fran. ( August 7. 1905. | San Fran.
Week J Sun- I DesUna- I Sun- I Week
Daya. 1 daya. | tloa. | daya. ( Days.
I 7:30 al II
7:3oa] b:W)a ~. S:4oal 8:40 a
: fr:Ooa y:;;0a Ixnaclo. 10:20a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p 6:00 p «:2O p
5:10 p 6:ljp 6:20 p 7:20?
7:20 p
1 8:50 p
S:00a! S:ooa| Napa. |8:40a|8:40a
5:10 p) 5:10 p| -. | 6:20 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 7:30al ! | 8:40 a] 8:40 a
6:1)0 a js. oo a Novato. lu:2O«10:2Ua
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 8:20 p
t:;Op 2.30 p and 7:20 p 7:20 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:50 p
7:30 a! 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 *
..8:00a 8:00 a \ Fulton. 7:20 p 6:20 p
2^Gpt2:3op 8:50 p 7:20 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburs. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30p 2:30 p Geyservtlle. 7:20 p 7:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a! 10:20 a
2:30 pj 2:30 p| and Ukiah. | 7:20 p( 7:20 p
I I Wlllits. I )
7:30 a| 7:30 al Sh«r*ood. ( 7:20 p| 7:20 p
8:00 al,8:00a| Guerncvllle and '10:20 a[10:20 a
2:30 pi 2::«>r! Cacij. Vacation. I S:sop| 8:20 p
S'OOai b-COai I 8:40 a 8:40 a
5:10 pj U'.'lOai Eorcma, I 6:00 p 6:20 p
1 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. [ 8:50 p
7:30 a, 7:30 ai 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p B«bastopoL 7:20 p 6:20 p
,5:10 pi 5:10 p! .
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Balphur Spring! and Mark West Springs: at
Fulton for Burkes Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserviile for Skaggs
Springs ; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
vill« and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KeUeyviHe, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlef
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley
John Day's. Lierley*s. HuUvtlle. OiTs Hot
Springs, Halfway House., Comptche. Hopkins.
Mendocino City. Fort Brags. Westport. Usai-
at WlUlts for Hearst and Sawyer; at Sherwood
for Westport. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonville. Cum
jnins. Bell's Spring*. Harris. Olsens,- Dyer
Gaiberv.lle. Pepperwood. Camp's. ScetU and
Eureka. »
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket 'office, 650 Market street. Chroalcls
building.
JAS. AGLER, R. X. RYAN.
- - - Pen. Manager. Pen. Pass Agt.
(Vjt.Tamalpais Railway
Lt. Sin rraneiaee I _j^jSßL^ i,. gin Praaciseo
Vt. Ctji Saudis 7^B2f^^ Suadirs Wk. J>iji
7:45 a j^^^ j WEg 11:33 a 10.45 a
6:30 a S:ls A^*^^^ l :0 2g 2:55p
1:45p 10:15 a W^^f 2:32p 6:22p '
Sisari»7 isi4sp 5:08^ "totodif*
Oolj 8: 1 5p ll?J| VMcfiiipi 6:32p Qalj
4:35p 3:45p) tie laiiiai Tra» 8;32p 11:35p
J}J£L i 65 ° Market St., (North Shore Railroad)
Jf/ICH } *nd Sausauto Fkrjiy, Foot Market Sfr
RAILWAY TRATEU
X J fl3* v s. Trains leave and ar«da«
nslferl SAN fka:n^ is co.
I 'UKl^y / F»o* Jpsb 23. 1903.
Vq^^v/ ***** "im
N <>"lS^ (Foot of Market Street)
_l«at:»- MAIN LINE. -jmiti
7.00 a Elmtra. Vacavliie, Winters, Kumssy 7.43f»
7.00 a Klchmood. Penlcia, Sacramento,
_"r, Sai.xnu and Way Station* 7-23*
7.4oA Vallejo. Napa, Callstoga. Saata
_ liosa. Martlaer. San Ramon 6-03P
7.43a >11ei«, Pleuanton. Llvermore,
. „ Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton 7-23P
8-OOASliasta Express— (Via- Davln),
Williams, Willows. tFruto. Bed
Bluff. Portland. Tacoma. Seattle. 7-43P
B.ooa Davis. Woodland. Knights Landing. •
MarysTille. Orovliie 7.48 i»
8.20 a Msrt'.nez, Antloch. Byron. Tracy.
Stockton, Newman, Los Bano*.
Mendot*. Annona, Hanford. , . ftfl _
Vlgalla. -Portw-Tllle \ J-Jf?
8-20A Port Co»U. Lathrop, Merced, Mo ' +•***
detto. Kaymoad, Fresno, Han-
ford. Vlsalla. Bakersfleld 4 43»
B-40a Xtles, San Jose, Llvermore, Stock-
ton (tMllton), Valley Spring.
lone, Sacramento, Plaeerrfile.
CoLfaac. Marysvlile. Red 81uff.... 4.03»
8-40AOakda!e, Chinese. Jamestown.
Sonora, Tuolnmne and Angels... 4 08a
9.POa Atlantic Express— Ogden and Eait. 429 p
9 40a Richmond,' Port Co* t <*. Martinez
and Way Stations (tConcord).... 8-48p
1020 a Vallejo. Dally. Napa, Sunday only 7-48p
10.20aLo» Angeles Passenger— Port
Costa, Martinez, Byron, Tracy, .
Lathrop, Stockton. Merced,
Raymond, Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore, Vital!*,
Bakers&eld, Los Angeles 7-08p
10.20 a El Paso. Kansas City. St. Louis ud
Cblcsgo v 7.08*
11.00 a The Overland Limited— Omaha,
Chicago, Denver. Kansa* City... 5-48*
| 11.40aX1!-s. San Jose and Way Stations. 2.48p
t1 .OOp Sacramento River Steamers tii-OOP
3 4Cp Bentcia, Winters. Stcramento,
Woodland. Knights Landing.
> Marysvllle and Orovllle 10.48 a
! 3.40P Hay ward, Nlles. and Way Stations 7 43p
4-OOp Vallejo, Martinez, San Ramon,
Napa. Calistoga, Santa. Rosa . - 9.28*
4.oopNtles. Tracy, Stockton. Lo<ll 10 23*
4.4oPllayward, Nlles. Irvlngton, San V tS-48*
• Jose, Llvermore j J11.43a
5-OOPThe O-wl Limited— Newman, Loa
Banos, Mendota, Fresno, Tulare.
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles ;... 8.48 a
5-OOp Chicago anJ St. Louis Special— El
Paso, Kanoas City, St. Louis and
Cnicago 8.48 a
\u25a0 ts.2opHarward. Nlles and San Jose 7.08 a
I 6.20p Vallejo. Port Costa, Benida, Set-:
» sun, Sacramento 11.23 a
! 6-OOpEastern Exnresi— Omaha. Chicago.
Denver, Kansas City, St. Louis,
Martinez, Stockton, Sacramento,
j . Reno, Sparks, Montello. Ogden .. 12.48»
' 6-20pHayward. Nile* and San Jose 8 43a
I 7.ooPKeno Passenger— Port Costa. Be-
nlcla, Suisun, Elrclra. I»ixon,
DaTls.Sacramento, Sparks, Tono-
pah. GoldfJeldandKeeler 7-08*
i 7.4oPPort Costa, Martlnez.Byron.Tracy,
Jlodcsto. Merced. Fresno 12-08P
' 7.4CPTosemlte and M»rlpo?a Big Trees
(via Raymunrt-Wawona Koute).. 8. 48 a
I 7.4CP Vallejo. Sunday only 11.28 a
i B.2oPOregon A California Express— Sac-
i ' ramento. Marysrliie. Redding,
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8 43*
! B.OOpHayward. Nlles and San Jose (Sun-
day only) t1143A
COAST LINE (.Narro* tiaoge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
7.4sa Santa Cruz Excursion (Sunday
only) 9-16p»
8-15ANewark, Centerrliie. San Jose,
Felton. Rou'-lrr Creek, Santa
Cruz and Wiiy Statlnna 655 p
t9-15ANewark, San Jose. Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Crnz t759P
t2.lsPNewark, Centervllle. San Jose,
New Almaden. Los Gatos, Felton.
Boulder Crf>ek. Santa Cruz and
i Principal Way Stations 10.55 a
4.lspNewark. San Joge, Loa Gatos,
Wrlzht t8.56a
4-15pSaturday and Sunday for Felton,
Bonltler Crepk. Santa Cruz ftB-55A
COAST LINE (Uroa.l hau^B).
• 3>~(Thlrd and Townsend Streets.) f
I B. loa San Joseaad Way stations 6-30>
t7.OOASan Jose and Way Stations 5:4Qp
7.lsa Monterey. Santa Cruz Excursion
(Sundayonly) 10.10P
800 ANew Almaden (Tues., Fii., only).. 4-10P
B.ooa The CoaMter— San Jose. Salinas,
San Ardo. Paao Kobler Santa
Margarita. San Luis Ob!«po,
Gaadalupe, Gavlota. Santa Bar-
bara. Sail Bui'i;a\ o;itura. oxnard.
Burbank, Loa Angt-les 10-30P
B.ooa Gllroy, Holllster. Castrovtile. Del
Monte, Pacific Grove, Surf,
Lompoe 10.30*
9-COASan Jose, Tres Plnos, Watsonvtile,
Capltola. Santa Cruz. PnclQc
Grove. Ssllnart. San I.n!* Üblspo
and Principal Way Station* 4-10P
t9ooaLos Gatos. bright. Boulder Creek,
Tla Sasii Clara and Narrow
Gauge t7-40p
10-30aS»u Jose and Way Stations 1-20P
11.30ASan Joge and Way Station* 7.40P
2.lsPt>an Jose and Way Stutions 8.38 a
t3CO.»DeI Monte Express— Santa Clara,
San Joie, Wntsonvliie, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey
Pacific Grove t12.15(»
t3-00PLos Gatos. Wrlsrht. Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gangs 10.45 a
3-30pSouta San Francisco. San Jose,
Gilroy. HollMer. Tres Plnos,
Watsonvllle, Capitola. Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey. Pacific Grove. 10.45 a
4.3opSan Joso and Way Stations t7-55A
to OOPSanta Clara, San Jose, Loa Gatoa,
Wright tS.OPA
|s.3opSanJo*e and Principal Way Stations 59.4Qa
s.4sP Sunset Express — Redwood, San
Jo*<-, Gllroy. Saltnns, Paso
Robles, San Luis Obispo. Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles, Detain;,
El Paao, New Orleans 9-10*
6-45pE1 Paso, Kansas City, St. Louis,
Chicago *0.30p
s.4spPaja-o, Watsonvllle. Capltola,
Santa Cruz. Castroville. Del » tiO.TOp
Monte, Pacific Grove C tlO.3Qp
t6-15PSan Mateo, lieresford. Belmont.
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oalcs,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t6.48A
6-30pSan Jose and Way Stations 8.36 a
B.oopPalo Alto and Way Stutfons 10-ISa
1 1 .3 0 p South San Francisco. M 111 brae, Bur-
llngitme, San Mateo, Belmont,
SanCarloB. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park and Pa'.o Alto 9-45 P
11^0pSaturdsy» only for Mayfleld, Moun-
tain View. Sunnyvale. Lawrence,
Santa Clara and San Jose t9.451»
OAKLAND HARBOR I ERRY
(Foot of Market St.)
t7.15A.M. 9.00 A.M. 11.00 A.M.
' 1.00 p.m. 3.00 P.m. 5.15 p.m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
tSunday excepted. iSunday only.
(Monday only. -
IDaily. and ttops at all stations oa Sunday.
• _ """ "™"^ mt
Vi lit
\u25a0CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYS!
1 Leaves Mondays and Thursdays at c
PU . 0:30 a. m. with Diners and Sleep«r». H|
Other Santa Fe Trains i
8 :0O d! ml I For Stockton. Freano. BaierafleW.
9:30 a. m.J Merced, Haoford and VUaiia.
4:00 p.m. For Stockton.
7 :30 a. m. J Direct connection (or ToiemJ t»
0:30 a. m.'; Valley and the Bis Tree*.
8 :30 a. m. '. For Kanaaj City. Grand Caiiraa
8:00 p.m. and Chicago.
9:30 a. m.J For OakdaU and point* on SUrr*
I Railway.
Ticket Offices— « 33 Market tt. and Ferry Depot.
Pan Francisco: also 1113 Broadway, Oak-
land. Cat.: also 27 South First. Saa Jos*.
ROSS VALLEY,
i^^g^g! CAZADERO, Etc.
!^^rS^S3^^« v »« Sausalito Ferry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD QAtTGE.
Depart week aays at 7:u>. 7:i5. 8:23. a:l>J,
9:60. 11:00 a. m.; 12:20. 1:43. 3:13. 4:33, 3:13.
6:50. 6:30, 7:15. 8:C0, 10:15 and 11:33 p. m.
D«cart Sundays and holiday* at 7:13, 7:43.
8:15. 8:43, 9:15. 9:45. 10:13.. 10:43. 11:13, 11:43
a. m.- 12:15, 12:43. 1:13. 1:43. 2:13, 2:43. 3:13.
3:45. 4:15. 4:45. 3:13. 5:43. 6:15. «:43. 7:13.
(7:43, 8:15 for SauaaUto only). 9:0% 10: 13.
11:35 v. ro.
For Fairfax, week daya — 7:43 a, in.. 3:15
p. m.. 5:15 o. m. Sundays and holiday*—
7:43. 8:43. 9:13. 10:15. 11:43 a. ta.. 1:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
. 7:43 a. m. dail> — Cazadoro and way (tatlona.
9:15 a. m. Sunday* and Holiday* — Point
Reyes, etc.
3:15 p. m. dally (except Sunday) — For Caxa-
dero. ate.
5:15 p. m. dally (except Sunday) — For Point
Reyes, ate.
8:15 s. m. Sunday* aad Holiday* for C*2a~
dero. etc. \u25a0;—: -" .
TICKET OFFICE— €3O Market «t. : >
/EBRT- Union Depot, foot of Mark*t at.
Weekly Call
; vPNE DOLLAR PER YEAR.THE SAN FRANCISCO • CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST- 1,1, 1905.' ,
12
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A— 52000: FANCY grocery and delicatessen
store on Sacramento St., Western Addition;
rent $H0; 3 years' lease; full value in sight.
- Call R.G.- WILKE, :2G% Kearny st: ,
A— s7ooo; CORNER saloon in wholesale dia-
trict; place clears about $500 per month; 7
\u25a0 years' lease. Call 11. G. WILKI2, 2U% Kear-
ny st.
A— s2oUO; CORNER saloon, v.ith lease and llv-
Jng-room; about :i barrels choicest whisky on
hand; location the very best; cloee to Market
-St.; investigate; this is a rara chance. R.
G. WILKE, 2G% Kearny st.
R. K. CALLAHAN, .:. 20 Montgomery St.
Telephone John CSOti. .
Business locations and leases a specialty.;
Confidential inlormation on several Ilrst-clas3
groceries and bars; also several well-located 1
and good-paying saloons. '
$5500— 21-KOOM hotel and bar In Monterey
Co., including property of 200-ft. Irontage on
Main St., and all the Improvements, which
consist of a livery stable, two buggies, t-.vo
wagons, six horses, harness comp.ete; tiO tons
\u25a0 of hay, 125 sacks crushed barley, 10 hogs, 2
cows, water works, S-room cottage, com-
pletely furnished; everything ilrst-class
shape; receipts of hotel and bar guarantees
to be net less than $1000 per month. Full
particulars R. E. CALLAHAN. 2K Mont-
tfomery st. \u25a0? '\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 '
A CAMERON & CO — — Phone South 10C0
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell. .
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
A—s3oooA — $3000 buys first-class coal, wood and ice
business; also electric plant for sawing wood;
located In fine bay town; equipped with
horseß and wagons; doing good business;
clearing over $150 per month; established ten
years; owner has other business and cannot
'devote h!s tlm-e to It. See CAMERON & CO. 1
A — AN investment of $500 to $1000 will secure
the position of secretary \u25a0 and treasurer for
first-class corporation; salary $100 i per-
month; is well established; bank references.
See CAMERON & CO. ' . '
GROCERY and bar; prices $1300 to- $3000.
CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777&/ Market at.
SALOONS— AII prices; $750 to $5000. ... -
Milk route, baker shops, repair shops, car-
penter shops, blacksmith snope, coal yards. '
Oyster and chop house, $175 to $1500. '„
Grocery, branch bakery, school supplies; $350.
Stationery and notion stands; millinery.
Candy, soda water and ice cream parlors.
Cigar stands, all kinds and prices. Offices,
houses apartment*, flats and transient.
. Ranches, all kinds, with and without fruit.
Restaurants and delicatessen stands.
$4700— Up-to-date corner saloon; Kearny st.
CAL INVESTMENT CO.. 777% Market st.
$S00 — PARTNER in corner grocery and t>nr:
finely situated north of Market; established
80 years and doing a business that justijlo;-
price; departure only cause of sale; a thor-
ough InveFtlgation Invited. See RIORDAN
& LESS, 935 Market St., room 5.
WATCHES — $1 down and $1 a week; any kind
of case or movement* RALPH & ED. 143
.Powell St., upstairs.
WATCHES, diamonds, Jewelry, silverware and
sealskins on small weekly or monthly pay-
ments. RALPH & ED, 143 Powell, upstairs.
5900 — FOR the swellest moving outfit and busi-
ness in town; Bnappy, un-to-date wagon and
team; cannot be resisted when seen. J. D.
PHILLIPS, northwest corner Eleventh and
Broadwny, Oakland.
FOR sale — Whole or half Interest In estab-
lished men's furnishing goods and tailoring
business; central location; near Market St.,
B. F. ; excellent opportunity for right party.
Address M. F. G.. box 6333, Call office.
TO lease — A brick plant; 40,000 capacity daily;
engine, boiler, crusher and every facility for
' making flrst-claes brick; unlimited quantities
of clay. Apply DR. C. C. O'DONNELL,
1021% Market st; tel. South 022.
A PARTNER wanted with $200 In a long es-
tablished genteel business; will pay $90
monthly to each; experience not necessary;
short hours. Call 1027 Vi Market St., room 2.
FOR sale — Part or all of $350,000 sawmill
proposition, with valuable adjuncts: sure
\u25a0 money-maker, but needs money to swing It;
. principals only. Address box 7946, Call.
$2WX) — PARTNER, gentleman, business ex-
perience; assume duties office San Francisco;
new opening; large returns. Box 8949, Call.
NEWSPAPER route for sale in Oakland; a
good Call route in Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call Business Office for particulars.
SALOON — 501 Waller, cor. Stelner; very
cheap; good transient corner.
FOR sale— A cigar stand. Call at 118 Eddy
st., near Tivoli Theater.
10c BARBER shop for sale, cheap. 936^
Howard st.
A GOOD . restaurant for sale this week on ac-
count of sickness. Box 9012, Call office.
WANTED — To rent; firet-class hotel, country.
Address box 8960, Call office.
GROCERY and liquor license for sale. Inquire
at 60S Fulton Et. ' - _'
GOOD corner saloon for sale cheap: good fix-
tures, larg* stock, lease. 643 Washington st.
HAY. grain, wood and coal yard; account of
sickness; must sell. 1630 Mission Bt.
FOR sale — Delicatessen and restaurant; good
place for man and wife. Box '8200. Call.
GOOD Call route for sale. Apply at Call
office.
A BRANCH, office of The Call for tho recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. .
CJtJR^JFOJt^^PTJ^RJ^^^^^
DR. PIERCE*S Magnetic Elastic Truss; per-
fect retainer; positive cure; book free. Re-
moved to 206 Kearny St., room 307. .j.
I DO not 'cure rupture, but can hold them In
place. WEDEKIND, 440 Geary st.
LLECTK)N^^O]FFI CE S^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery st., rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A — CAMERON & CO. Phono South 1050.
3 Eddy St., oor. Market and Pswell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of- Business Chanoes.
65 rooms; new, modern, downtown house;
cheap rent; long; lease; well furnished; first-
class condition; choice location and clears
over $250 per month; to be sold at big bargain.
18 room's; finely located; good furniture and
carpets; is paying well; will exchange) for 10
or 12 room house in good condition.
v . - . \u25a0— ;—; — .
63 rooms; very central; elegantly furnished;
full first-class people, and If conducted as : now
will be guaranteed to clear $300 per month the
year round; part cash, balance time. -•
63 rooms: fina new brick 'building; choice
central location; newly furnished in beet oak
furniture Axmlnster and velvet carpets; elec-
tric elevator, lights and all modern conveni-
ences; beautiful, light and airy halls: In fact,
a splendid proposition; can be bought for less
than half cost to furnish; part cash, balance
long time at low interest; price $3000.
44 rooms; fine ' corner, close in; well fur-
nished throughout; always full and pays hand-
somely; biggest bargain In city; price $3600.
80 rooms, new and- modern; fine location;
well furnished and paying well, but owner Is
obliged to leave city, and to" make quick sale
reduced to half cost to furnish for $1500.
14 rooms; fine blook on Ellis St.; rent $7S-
good furniture and carpets; bargain; $600.
35 rooms: grand corner; cheap rent; very
centrally located; good oak furniture; fine car-
pete* part offices; big money-maker; part
down, balance time; price $1800.
'6 rooms central; rent $32 60; elegantly fur-
nished little home; fine buy at $350.
23 rooms, downtown; rent $100; good furni-
ture and carpets, and If run right can | make
a mint of money out of it and will only take
$200 to get In; balance can be paid out of
house: price $1000. ?.-_ ..
19-room corner house; fine location; oak fur-
niture, good carpets; everything first-class con-
dition; all full and clearing $75 per month; an
excellent buy at $1250.
6-room and alcove beautiful modern flat near
Sutter St.; all light and sunny; elegantly fur-
nished, with fine upright piano; bargain; $600.
37 rooms; fine corner; downtown; cheap rent;
first-class furniture and carpets; one of tlw
best littla transient houses in city and can be
got at big bargain; $2250.
S3 rooms; fine corner; new and elegantly fur-
nished apartment house; rent $200; price $2800.
14 rooms: fine location; rent only $50; north
Market: good furniture and carpets;, all full;
price ' $7DO. '..' • ~ -
Large list of exchanges ; of all kinds always
on hand. • .
A. CAMERON & CO.. 8 EDDY.ST.-
FISHER & C 0 ..».;. . . . . : .. .Phone Main 3354
Room 438 James Flood building. ~
Furnished rooming-houses,' hotels and : flats. ''-
TAYLOR, 11— Twenty-three rooms: nicely fur-
nished; for sale cheap. ..'
CLAIRVOYANTS.
* IF YOU CONTEMPLATE
CONSULTING A CLAIRVOYANT
Several things should be taken under consid-
eration.
The honesty, the reliability of advice, the
methods . of procedure, the reputation for hon-
est work, satisfactory services and secrecy.
If these things are considered, you will consult
LIVINGSTONE.
His past record the best indorsement.
Three years of continuous work in San Fran-
cisco and a clientage of thousands ought to fix
a njan's standard, and It does-
He will tell you whether your present busi-
ness Investments will be successful.
No matter what may be your hope, fear or
ambition, call on this sifted man.
Do not struggle with a troubled mind when
for a trifling amount there Is relief.
He tells you everything, good or bad.
You hear the truth and nothing but the
truth.
' TAKE NOTICE.
His only reason j for giving your name in
full, or any Important Information you may
desire. Is that he does thU incidentally as a
chain to read by.
If you are discontented, unhappy, discour-
aged, unsuccessful or In 111 health, call on
' PROFESSOR LIVINGSTONE
And he will aid you In life's greatest blessings:
HEALTH. WEALTH AND HAPPINESS..
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
READINGS $1.
20%— KEARNY 5T.— 26%.
- HOURS 10 A. M. TO 3 P. M.
c
PROFESSOR ALEXANDER DELMAR. \u25a0
y The Greatest Living
Clairvoyant, Palmist and Psychlo Healer.
,The Only Yogi Mediator
Of Secret Influence in Amerioa.
Without asking you a single question he
calls you by name, tells your mother's maid-
en namo tells you the name of friends, ene-
m ies or rivals, tells you what you came for,
tella whom and when you marry; in fact,
e-v-e-r-y-t-h-1-n-g.
No matter what your troubles, sickness or
dwslre may be. Professor Delmar will help
you; kind, honorable and confidential treat-
ment to all. . Full life, $1. No pay In ad-
vance and unless you are entirely satisfied
you do not pay a pehny. Dally from 10 a.
_ m, to B p. m. ; Saturdays to 8 p. m.; Hun-
days, Ito4 p. m. 114 Geary it.
—PROFESSOR NIBLO.
ASTRO-TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
MY $5 CELEBRATED LIFE READINGS, $1.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge If I fall to call you by
name in full, names of your friends, enemies
or rivals; I promise to tell you whether your
husband, wife or sweetheart Is true or false,
tell you how to gain the love of the one you
most desire, oven though miles away; how to
success In business, speculation, lawsuits;
how to marry the one of your choice; how to
regain youth, health and vitality; removes
evil Influence, cures drink habit; locates treas-
ures, cures all nervous diseases.
How can I have good luck?
'. .. How can I succeed In business?
How can I make my home happy T
How can I marry the one I choose!
How Boon can I marry?
How can I make any one love meT
How soon will my lover propose?
How can I get a good position?
How can I control any one?
How can I hold my husband's love?
How can I keep my wife's love 7
HOURS 10 to TO 8 DAILY AXD SUNDAY.
411 A ELLIS ST.. NEAR JONES ST.
Permanently located In his own home.
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
$S— READING— SI.
ZADOC SARAT.
$6— READING — $1. '
If you are discontented, unhappy, discour-
aged, unsuccessful or In 111 health, consult the
world renowned Zladoc Sarat. Private resi-
dence, private parlors,' business confidential;
satisfaction guaranteed. Call, write or phone;
residence, 1030 Post St.. between Larkin and
Polk; phone East 8036. . .
A— MISS M. WILLE, 810 Ellis st.
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, can be consulted
on all affairs of life; Miss Wllle guarantees
an honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; re-
., veals the past; gives correct forecast of your
futures; advises you on important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gives the secret how to control, charm, faa-
clnate the one you lovej reading, $1; hours
10-8 p. m. ; French, German. English spoken.
PRINCESS EUGENIA, ~~~~
The Veiled Pr,ophetesa.
DEAD TRANCE MEDIUM.
Born, with a Douole Veil.
Educated In Occult In Egypt and India.
$5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS $L
Permanently located In her own home.
Private— No sign — Ring bell.
. 404 EDDY ST. 404 EDDY ST.
PRINCESS EUGENIA.
ST. GEORGE ORMONDE, 1007% Market st.
Egyptian seer, clairvoyant, psychic palmist.
Helps the troubled; removes all evil.
Advises on love, business, mining, lost vi-
tality, weak hablt3, sales, purchases, health,
enemies, rivals; gives secret powers of con-
trol;' teaches personal magnetism.
Ass reading. $1. Hours 10-8. Open Sunday.
ISMAR, Egyptian peeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Office hour* — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays 10 to 12. Phone
South 1141. \u25a0
MME. KRONENBERG. clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist; when others fail try me; good
reading 25c; no sign. 102% 6th. nr. Mission.
MME. BERNARD reads your Ufa correctly;
advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guar.: 25c up. 17 3d. next Examiner bid.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals hidden secrets, love, business, etc.;
names; L. 50c, O. $1. 833 Qolden Gate aye.
MME. RAVENNA, the marvelous clairvoyant,
gives names, advice in all affairs. 5 4th at.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed from 108 Sixth st. to 954 Mission.
JOHN SLATER — Circle to-night, 8:15; tests to
all *!16% Lombard St., bet. Powell and Ma-
son: sittings 10 to 4: phone James 7390.
A MRS. iJ. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 10, Gait House.
EARLE'S eeance Sun., Wed., 219 Eddy et.;
readings. Hotel Hlgglns. O'Farrell Bt. ;.•\u25a0--
PALMI STttY.
A RETURNED, 11. Jerome Fosselll, scientific I
palmist, 612 Mason, nr. Sutter; tel.Black 5#;S.
MME. MAY. palmeat and card reader. 8532
18th st., nr. Sanchez; hours, 1 to 6; 60c.
HYPNOTISM.
DB LAUFF, magnotlst, 709' Bush: hours 1-5;
nervous, mental ille, habits cured; no drugs.
dentists.
dre^eli~pTinless dentaiTcompany!
Perfect painless • dentistry at lowest prices.
Full set of teeth, $2; sliver filling, 25c: gold
fillings, $1; gold crowns, $3; bridge work, $3.
1104 Market\ Bt., corner Turk.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50: fillings 50c;
plates, $5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dtntal Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th —
No charge for extracting when .plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per: set, extracting 50c: gas given.
FILLINGS, 25c and 50c; crowns, $2. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2, no
pain; op. Sun.. Dr.A.C.Hewitt, 101% Grant ay.
EDUCATIONAL.
AMERICAN School for Opera and Drama —
Places graduates through the Theatrical Ex-
change in Europe and America: vocal (Italian
method); opera, drama, concert, vaudeville,
sketches, plays, songs and muelc written. . Tel.
East 4401. Mme. Jenny Ward Hays, director;
Mme. Tregear, bus. manager. 1225 Geary st.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
\u25a0 • school for university, ' law, medical colleges;
refs Pres. Jordan or any Stanford prof. ;
mimmer session begins June 5. Phelan bldg.
A— CALD WELL College of Oratory and Act-
\u25a0 lnfr; fall . term begins September 4; day and
evening classes; positions, guaranteed. Cata-
,-logue, ,1205 Market st. . \u25a0 -• :
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. CoL : Cal. B. C. stu-
dents with' us: stenographers trained ; posi-
\u25a0 tlons secured. 925 Golden Gate. Webster & CSS
A— GAtAAGHER '- MARSH BUSINESS COL-
v LEGE has removed to larger quarters at 933
Market St.: best location In city:: catalogue.
IRVING ' Institute School for Girls, 2128 Cal.
St.: fall term beirlns Monday. Autrust 7. 1905.
Roomlng-Housew end Hotels for Snle.
Marion griffin.
Marion griffin.
"mariox griffin.
970 — Market - St. — room - 801 -Eighth
floor -- James — Flood — Building — opposite
"The — Emporium." — Phone — Main — •>.«£
Modern — Business — Methods. — I* oo^^
and — APARTMENT — Houses. — Abstracts
furnished. — All — titles — guaranteed. •
Our — Ellia — : St — Entrance — *»
-THE - GOLDEN^'^ST- HOTEL-
— TAKE — TUB — ELEVATOR—
Special.
Owner under con-
tract to leave this city
en important busi-
ness; must' sell his 33-
room corner house;
deaa as a pin; full of
roomers; monthly
bankable profit $124.
s • MAKE
. YOUR OWN
OFFER
: \u25a0 — to —
marion griffin,
870 Market st.
$1000 (first payment) .
secures splendid So-
i FAMILY BOARDING
HOUSE.
IT'S A MANBION
With EXTENSIVE}
GROUNDS filled with
shrubbery and flower-
ing plants. OAK and
MAHOGANY furni-
ture v
. \u25a0 What does the busl- \u25a0
ness pay?
\u25a0 . ;; The BAXKABLH . .
PROFIT is $207
. —^each 30 days —
Isn't that good for
a • little ' capital of
only $1000?
Exclusively with
| MARION GRIFFIN.
40 rooms.'
Rent $140— (53% per
room).
NICE LOOKING
CORNER house with
many big, roomy bay- y
windows.
Near SUTTER street.
East of Van Ness aye.
Worth $3000; will
positively accept any
offer down to $1400.
Good manager should
clear $160 to $200
. ,|monthly.
IMARION GRIFFIN.
23 rooms for $1100
' (part cash and month-
ly Installments).
— BUAND , NEW-
FURNISHINGS.
. MEN ROOMERS
ONLY.
$3 per room rent.
\u25a0—Lease for 5 rooms —
Note. — This house
was furnished by a
'" ' rich' lady for a friend
who cannot now take
charge. Profit about
$SS monthly Exclu-
sively for sale by
MARION GRIFFIN,
SOl James Flood bldg.
APARTMENT
HOUSE.
31 rooms laid out in
3-room apartments;
roomers take cars of
their own rooms;
landlady cares for the
halls. : \u25a0
1 • $1600 PRICE $1600
Nicely located on
6unny side, near Lar-
fkln and Turk; 5 blocks
Inorth of Market st.
1 - |Low RENT, less than
— $4% per room —
NICE class of QUIET,
PERMANENT room-
ers.
— See —
MARION GRIFFIN,
970 Market at.,
Opp. The Emporium.
I OUR
I Ell Is -st. entrance is
I OPPOSITE
' The
GOLDEN WEST
1 \u25a0 HOTEL.
— 222 rooms —
FINEST and best
apartment house of
222 rooms in San
Francisco. It Is
—MAGNIFICENT—
New and right up to
date.
—For A— \u25a0
Money-making busi-
ness it could not be
better located.
It caters to
• WEALTHY PEOPLE
who want SWELL
APARTMENTS . with *.
all the comforts of
home. EXACT BOOK
ACCOUNTS are l%pt,
which • are open to
bona-flde ' Investiga-
tors. " -
PROFIT $6000 to
$8000 yearly.
This house can only
be Inspected by a »
buyer who is accom- '
panied and vouched
MARION GRIFFIN,
THE AGENT,
Room 801,
James Flood Building.
—50 rooms—
NEW. and MODERN. '
Beautifully furnished.
5 YEARS' LEASE.
July Profit $108.
ELECTRIC
ELEVATOR.
No convenience omlt-
ied known to an up-
to-date architect.
— See—
MARION GRIFFIN,
970 Market
• 10 rooms
$250 . 5250
Rent $32
i Clears living for man
A — clean — sunny— fiat.
HIGHLY
RESPECTAJBLEL
Large and . elaborate, ' i. :
but a great, bargain.
MARION GRIFFIN,
970 Market. - ,
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. . .
CARPET-BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpet and rugs alsu cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. - S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Company, SOS Market
St.; phone Main' ls2 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your'-work.
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-857 Tehama st: Tel: South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO. ; phone Mission 225.
CARPETS clean., fit., lay.. -630 G.G.ave. ;phone
East 1065. Star Ren. ; Co., W. i Wagner, Mgr.
CARPETS cleaned and laid, 8c a yard. KLEIN-
ERT, 1520 Polk st:; phone . East 725. , : - ::-.-;
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
Golden Gate * aye. '& Larkin; phone East 128.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO.'WALCOM & CO.. Props.
MITCHELL" S, 240 Fourteenth St.— Flrat-class
•carpet cleaning, 8c yard. .Tel. Mission 74.; '
RUDOLPH & CO.; carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel.' Mission 203.
LACE CUttT.YINS AND BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S New York;- Curtain House; most
.complete plant for cleaning lace curtains and
blankets. 1324 Fill more-;' .phono Pine 2622. ,
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Mniinery School
. t — Eve.'class; patterns cut.\,lloo Market St. .
Accordion." sunburst and knife pleating.'! Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
!»I E CT IX G XOTlCE^Conlinue'l'
CALIFORNIA Ccmmandery No. 1. K. M * —
v.— eta tod assembly THIS (FRI- Tnf
i'AY) EVENING, 7:;'.0 o'clock. Or- Itil
,; er ol Red Cross. All fraters cor- N^
Jial!y i-ivlted. By order of the commander.
WILLIAM R. JOST, Recorder.
AMITY Lodge, L\ D.. F. and A. SI. 9^
Mission Masonic Temple, 2GGS Mission XX
St.— Special meeting THIS (FRIDAY) /V\
EVENING at 7:;l0 o'clock for lirst
degree: Visiting members cordially invited.
Orctr of \V. M.
A. B. CLARK, Secretary.
P.V.I TIC Lcd£« Nf>. i:;«, F. ana A. w
M.. will meet THIS EVENING, 7:80 >tjf
. «.'ciock. degree. /rrN
<;i:ok»;e pf.xlingtox. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lo<3se No. 1 K. of P., •&*
mwis THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING *z*£&uf
at S o'clock. Pioneer building, 24 jy^*y
Fourth st. Es<iuire rank, class of Js^J^
u-n. Visitors cordially invited.
JOHN M. LORTON, C. C.
R. X. McLENNAN. K. of R. and S.
ATTOKXEYS-AT-LAW.
AA — DIVORCE; costs, $12; quick, quiet; ad-
vice frae; no charge unless successful; open
evenings; w«]!s. deeds, leases, bills of aale
ard Hitlcl<-s of co-partnership carefully pre-
pared; bankruptcy, collections, and probating
of estates, tC" Market «t., room 801.
AA— DIVORCE costs Jl2.
Quick, quiet; legal advice free.
No charge unless successful.
Ail law burlnegs.
Examiner building, room 316, third floor.
R- W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg.,
Cth floor, entrance room 611; established 20
year:;; all courts, general courts and office
jractice; no lee in advance or for consulta-
tiori; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
\V. MATTHEWS, attorney and counselor at
law. 032 Merket St., nxim 23; 21 years' ex-
perience; all courts; general court and office
practice; consultation free; open evenings.
ADIVE free; legal - divorce costs $12; all law
oases handled; no fee in advance; open Sat-
urday evenings; other evenings by appolnt-
nier.t; call and save money. 819 Mkt.. r. 33.
I- B, CLARK. 927 Market, room W2. consulta-
tion free; no fee In advance. Open evenings.
'
AUTOMOBILES.
I WANT to exchange property In Oakland for
a fim-claEs gasoline auto touring car; five
persons; title entrance; nothing but a first-
class, up to date machine will be consid-
er?.'. J. S. MYERS. ICO2- Broadway, Oak-
land.
I FOX Fale or exchange for real estate — '05 side
entrance 20 horsepower touring car. C. E.
WRIGHT. U2l Golden Gate aye., 0-10 a. m.
OLD runabout, a snap. Call at 217 Ellis,
WALTER i=. FRANCE.
A bargain — 1005 White touring car, practically
new. 60<> Van Ness aye., nr. Golden Gate aye.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS~make S5 to^THTr^T^lllng^Klng
of Lights"; best gas light In market; sales-
men ivanteJ for Frisco and adjoining towns
and cities; territory for good men; work
evenings and add to your income. WILL-
TOM GAS LIGHT CO;. 430 Jones st.
ASTHMA CURE.
A. DI NOLA'S asthma remedy cures; for sale
by all druggists ; main depot 1602 Market »t.,
St. Nicholas Hotel; 10c. 25c. 50c postage.
nOAHIJIXG FOR CHILDREN*.
FAMILY would like two children to board;
btEt of care: large yard; ?20. 483 Ninth at.
BICYCLES.
RAMBLER tandem bicycle for lady and gent;
almost new; G. & J. tires; will exchange for
single - wheel with coaster brake. MAN-
AGER. 319 Sutter st.
ALL. kinds steend-hand bicycles bought, sold
and exchanged. J. W. FRY, IS2B Polk Bt.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s3soo; SALOON in Wholesale district: es-
tablished 20 years; full value In sifjht; rent
?i;.".; owner must attend estate in Germany.
Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s6so;A — $650; CORNER cigar stand; 6 blocks from
Chronicle building; place clears above $100
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— s4ooo; CORNER grocery and bar; 3 blocks
from corner Market and Powell; an old-es-
tablisht-d store, known to be one of best pay-
ing groceries in this city. Call R. G. WILKE,
20 >4 Kearny st.
A— Jl5OO; WATER-FRONT saloon, in very best
location and a good paying place. See R. G.
WILKE, 26^a Kearny st.
A— sl2so; CORNER fancy grocery, aelicates-
sen and lee cream business with 4 nice living
rooms; rent $25; 5 years' lease; place kept
by present owner 9 years; only cause of sale
that proprietor wishes to retire from active
business lifo: a first-class paying place. In
Western Addition. R. G. WILKE, 26 *4
Kearny gt.
A—SCCO;A — $CCO; NOTION and variety store on Mason
Bt. ; 4 living rooms; rent $25; proprietor must
Ee'.l on account of sickness; rare chance for
man and wife. See R. G. WILKE, 20*6
Kearny st.
A—s22oo;A — $2200; CORNER grocery and bar on 16th
fct.; rent $25; 3 living rooms; place estab-
lished years; doing about $30 business per
day; good stock; full value in eight. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2C& Kearny st.
A— s3oo; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
Etorfc. with rooms; kept by owner 7 years;
must be sold at once; owner to leave the
city. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A— slsoo; BUTCHER shop across the bay:
monthly sales from $1100 to $1600: lease; 1
horse and wagon. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A— slsoo; BAKERY in San Mateo Co.; located
In the most fashionable town; large cash
trade; wagons horses; dairy store receipts
above $40. Cail R. G. WILKE, 2&H Kearny.
A— s4so; CIGAR etore with billiard hall and
bootblack stand; best location Western Ad-
dition; a bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A—s3soo;A — $3500; CORNER saloon; most prominent lo-
cation on Market st. ; rent $80;: owner kept
this place the last 4 years and always did
a fine business; must leave the city on ac-
count of other engagements. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny Et.
A—s2soo;A — $2500; PARTNER In best corner saloon on
water fcpnt; 5 years' lea&«; no rent to pay;
about 20 barrels of whisky on hand; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny.
A—sl7so;A — $1750; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; surrounded by factories and wholesal*
houses; owner has 3 places; must sell one.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s6oo;A — $600; FRUIT and vegetable store, with
route; wagon. 2 horses; very best location In
the Mission; a good-paying business: sickness
compels owner to go In the country. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. -
A— s22oo; CORNER saloon with 6 furnished
rooms; rent $100; lease; one of the best cor-
ners north of Market Bt. Call R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st. -
A— s2ooo; CORNER saloon, on Third St., with
7 rooms; rent $85; one of the best located
places' on the most prominent business part
of Third st.; full value in eight. Call R- G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. '"'
A— s2ooo; CORNER grocery and bar; on San-
chez st., with C living rooms; 4 years' lease;
rent $33- dally sales about $25; place kept by
; owner 8 years; a rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. -
A— ssooo; THE leading saloon In Monterey,
with 6 years' lease; rent $60; stock will in-
voice about $2000: this le a bonanza: full
value in sight; owner is compelled by other
Investments to cell at once. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
I A— sl6oo; GROCERY and bar: best location
i Ocean View; rent $25; full value in sight; a
bargain. Call R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— sl3oo; PAPER route: morning paper. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St. . ' •
A— $1100; DELICATESSEN store, with dairy
produce; living rooms; very best location on
Third St.. near Cal! building. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
i A— s4so; CIGAR store with 3 fine living
rooms; kert by owner 10 years: rent $32;
most rromlnejit location on Larkin st. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— sssoo; MOST prominent corner saloon; one
block from Phelan bldg.; lease; many for-
tunes mado In this corner: a very rare
; chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
] A— sCso; CIGAR, tobacco stand, corner, with
I laundry office; owner kept place 4 years;
buslneKs clears above $110 per month; loca-
, tlon the best; cloae to Examiner office. Call
! R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. _^
A— sl7so; SAUSAGE factory and pork etore,
h<-rse, wagon; business established many
. years; has a large patronage in wholesale
trade, also doing rushing etore trade; owner
t to retire enly cause of 6ale, See R. G.
i WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— s2SoO: THE most prominent corner saloon
j -on Sixth st.. with lease, and clear stand in
j front; quarrels among partners only cause of
pale: not all cash necessary. Call R. G.
' WILKH. 26U Kearnv st.
EMPL.OV3IEXT WASTED — MALE — Con
GOOD Japanese bey wants position to rto
hcusewori; or schoolboy in «mall family.
Plea.se write Y. OHARA. I^l Haiaht st.
JAPANESE couple want situations in fanuiy;
man can do housework and wife can do
' plain cooking. TAKAGI. 12C5 Fulton *t.
YOUNG Japanese boy wanta a portttoo; city or
country, as plain cook. MIYAMOTO, 5-5
Stevenson at.: phone Mint .";tl.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese laundry rr.an wishes
pcslticn; speaks English. J. HAYAriKI. 3500
Twenty-third st.. San Francisco.
JAPANESE wants evening work; 2 or 3 hours.
PETERS 250;». Market st.
CHINESE excellent cook wishes position, ho-
tel, restaurant, boarding-hou&e: meat and
pastry cook; good references; satisfaction.
1113 Clay St.. upstairs: tel. Black 3658.
CHARLEY WILLMOX.
A GOOD Chinese cook would like position In
family. H. D. WONG. 21 Brenham place.;
tel. China 572.
CHINESE first-class cook wants a position;
wages $10 and upward. Call at 760 Clay St.,
New York Dental Parlor.
XO. 1 Chinese first-class family cook la city.
Addresa SO7 Washington «t
CHINESE first-class cook wanta position;
family. Address 522 Dupont st. *
FLVA^CLVU
REALTY SYNDI^TE^3^CO>TTEN'ENTAIi J
BUILDING AND LOAX
certificates purchased: spot cash; highest prlc*.
See ma befora selling. W.L. Harper. Crocker bid.
REALTY SYNDICATE.
' All certificates cashed at top price; atata unt
of certificate; payment will b» made immedl-
ately. G. P. SHADBURNE Jr., Cadi bldg.
COXTIXENTAL B. & L. certificates purchased
for cash. G. D. SHADBURNE Jr., Call bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
AAAA
Every desirable vacant dwelling la listed la
oar renting- department. Combined Usts from
25 of the largest agencies, saves a world ot
time and trouble.
Service la absolutely fret.
You are not asked to buy or even look at fur-
niture. Welcome !
STERLIXG FURNITURE COMPANY.
1039 Market St.. opposite McAllister.
AA A— COMPLETED LIST OF HOUSES.
FLATS, apartment and rooming houses: our
renting department is free to all; w« can
find you a home in any part ot tho city:
ask for no payment other than your good
will: we do not ask you to buy or even lools
at the goods: use this department freely;
yoti are more than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO. 245-239 Geary
st. (on the square).
$20 AXD $22 60—5 and 6 rooms; new fiats;
all modern improvements; birdsey* mpli
parlors and mpntels; larga porcelain bath;
electric bells and gas lights; all rooms tint-
ed; Coso ava., corner Preclta aye., 100 feet
from illsslon-sL cars- Mission warm belt.
Inquire S. DUCAS CO.. Chronicle building,
ownars.
A DELIGHTFUL corner Cat. nearly new, «
rooms, basement, etc.; every room sunny;
rent reasonable; half block from Market at.
3047 17th St.; take Castro or ISta at. car.
ELEGAXT, upper, eunny. 7-room flat; tenant
for the 3 attic rooms if desired. Inquire
1021 Fifteenth st.
$37 50^ — Xew modern, sunny, 9-roora upper
flats. 343 Devisadero »t. ; apply at candy
etore.
FOUR rooms and. bath 221 Laurel aye., bet.
Turk and Eddy, off Van Xess.
XEW flats 6 and 7 rooms; Xoa st.» bet. 16th
and 17th; rent $35 and J4O.
SUNXY flat. 7 rooma and bath. 117 Leaven-
worth st.
TEHAMA, 336 — Nice, sunny upper four-room
flat; bath.
A NICE sunny flat. 223 Scott st.. near Halght.
SACRAMENTO. 1303— 3-room flat: gas, large
yard; rent $10. .
SAX CHEZ. 1010—5 rooms and bath: latest im-
provements; large cellar, yard; sun all day.
REED, 2C — Four sunny rooms. Apply 1325
Washington St.. near Jones.
ELEGAXT apartments — 4 rooms, bath each:
rent $20.. Franklin stS, near Greenwich.
FIVE rooms, bath, sun all day; clean. 837
Capp, near Twenty-fourth.
$17 — FIVE rooms. 1075 Post St., near Larkin.
A SMALL, nicely furnished flat to rent, in
exchange for board of one person. 332 Hayes.
HOWARD, 1153 A — Four sunny rooms; rent
cheap.
NOE. 1056 — New flat; modern Improvements;
near 24th and Castro cars; 6 rooms.
MODERX flats. 1933-1937 O'Farre'.l St.: 9 and 7
rooms, bath, basement, yard: rent reasonable.
$17 — FLAT. 4 rooms, bath; large yard. Key
711 Treat aye.
HOWARD. 2609-2615 A. near 22nd— Modern up-
per and lower sunny flats. 6-7 rs. ; $22 50-$2 O.
NICE corner fiat: 3 rooms and bath. 1002 Ma-
son st.. near Sacramento.
FLATS TO LET — TTTRyiSHED.
1833 EDDY St., forniahed flat seven roocsj
TWENTIETH. 4141, near Castro — 5 nicely fur-
nisfced tunny rooms; piano; call 9-12; 130.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
FIVE rooms Mission warm belt; piano. «tc;
also 8-room apartm't; $60. 917 Minna, r. S.
FURJfITt'RE FOR SALE.
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storage pi.
anos & Furn. Whitehead's Storax*. 1833 Mkt.
FUR>*ITURE WAJfTED.
MARK J. LEVY A.UCTIOX OX, 1321 Market
St.. bet. 9th and 10th. paying bi*. moaay for
furniture, eto. Phona South IT9.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prlOM for fnr-
niture, carpets, etc. 752 Mission; tel. Buaa 813. ,
Z. ABB LEVY, 1135 Market St., phone Jessio
761, pays cash and buya everything.
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
COoicTa la family." city . 1^. • .f 4O
4 cooks, German families $30-$33
Cook, pmall hotel .....S3O
Cook, small hotel, country $30>
8 second girls, olty 5... ............. .52t>-$23
German nursegirl. 2 children ............{3O
2 nurseglrls. ton* chamberwork. £23
Housekeeper. 1 lady. Berkeley $2O
Chambermaid, no room or board.,.. |S week
Chambermaid, hotel. Xapa County $£0>
8 waitresses for city and country h0t*1..523
Waitress for first-class oafs $S week
Man and wife as waiter and wa!tr«*s..sso
Chambermaid and waiting, country $23
Kitchen helper $3 week
Housework, 4 adult*, country, ao wash-
ing $30
Laundress for orphaaaga \u0084...$2O
Housework. Oakland. Berkeley, B*!r*-
dere, San Rafael, city and all n«arby
towns, good wages and flrst-olass fami-
lies. Call early to-day, J. F. CROSBrrT *
CO.. 834 Sutter »t.
\u25b2 GIRL for chambermaid la hotel, no walttn?
on table. $20: 2 other chambermaids, $20"^
each. MIS 3 PLUNKETT. 428 Batter «t..
near PowelL
LADY cashier wanted at one* for rood posi-
tion.
Waitresses can obtain rood positions at
good pay by calling at once. Room 813.
James Flood building.
CASH girls wanted. 14 years of ax«. Bring
age and school certificates when applying to
superintendent's office, Th* Emporium.
EXPERIENCED salesladies wanted for our
art needlework department. Apply superin-
tendent's office. Th« Emporium.
WANTED— Young womso who are- experi-
enced dry goods bundle- wrappers. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
EXPERIENCED saleswoman wanted. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young woman -to do cooking and
general housework for a small family; good
place for party who appreciates- a good home.
Address box 906&. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady for chll-
dren'B hat an<l furnishing goods department.
Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 7 to Market st. \u0084
GIRL to help with children and light house-
work. Call Friday p. m. and Saturday a. m.
Room IS7. Xetherland Hotel. Turk st. -
WANTED — Fancy Ironer on ladies' clothes for
two or three days every week. German Hos-
pital, corner Fourteenth and Noe sts.
GIRL to assist afr genera 1 housework; to sleep j
at home. Apply at 40S Jersey gt. *• ~%
LADIES to learn hairdressing and manlcurln?-
good positions. MOLER'S. 405 Powell st.
8 FIXISHERS on coats.; also try on makers
229 Stevenson at. '
"WANTED — Young girl for general housswork:
«• xtcfaltur. IiUU Eddy St.
TTJTFI (§§£r'if£\ : X IT
tin SW
JOHN 1). SI'iIKCKKLS Proprietor \
Andres CcsununicaUons to
JOHN SIcX AUGHT :^^::^-Mauaaer |
\y7~rTl A I IT! X JJ _ I^B»g»»££S_ jli^jggy I
. TELEPHONE. :
A,k for THE CALL. The <^ '^.^su |
Ucl You wuh the Pepirurent >_«» VN lsn -
PubUcatUm Offi'«./:;Karket «* s^^ & |
Ecitci.al tvooir.H -i< to — a >-" r
ix::v*r*d tr Carrie ?» ,Ct« . P« TS l
Cts. rer Month. Single CogM^g wl . h j
T^ruia by JXai:. Including I'cswe* <^-- t
DAILY CALL c:ncludf|«ndsyj. 1 ggr^g
DAILY CALL Unclad. Sunday); «»• 7 - c
DAILY CALL— By Blngle, W??P 2 ..".0 !
PUNI.'AV CAI-L. 1 Voir , 00 ;
eampla Cojrtt* will be forwarfiei *->en re-
KAx e ub.cribcr 8 T^^S.^oth^EW \
«re* f . Should ts Pftrt»<^« to injure a
AND OLD AJJ'JKLio in or.er^ to
j^rc;rpi and correct c«>:r.;,.iance »..u
ALAiIEDA OFFICE:
1*33 Fark £ "'>a, Santa. Clara Avenue.
PliOnc Alanneda -•>».
BERKELEY ;: OFFICE: _.
ri4B Ccr.tpr gtrcc;.. TOj-hon* North ..
W a SmXGTOX CORESPONDENT:
JAME^t- VYLKiI. P<*t HuiWlne
N-;v.- YOHK NEWS STANDS:
J ;<_:*•: aid lioflro2.u House.
CHICAGO NSW3 STANCE: j
<i-r-r-ia- lieu 1 -?- I 3I 3 O. N<f\vi Co.; f^reil I
kS^o«T Titos' House; Auditorium
Hotel; 1 alracr llo\i*r.
_ _____ _
CHICAGO REPREfiENTATIVS:
C GEORGE KIiOGNESS. Mawjuettj Bulid.ns •
I <L..: ;.- ..'>--..;.!.<.\u25a0 IVieimune, "Central 2t»W. •
Ni:\Y YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ET2P.HI-N B. BMITH ~O Tribune Bu'ldlng j
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON He: aid Squar*
.BUSINESS OFFICE or' the San Francisco Call
ccrao; Marktt and Third street*: ortn anJ.
V 2 o'clock every nijgUt in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
lOCS Market ttn.it, opposite Filth; open until
11 p m.
E0«; M&r.iyornery aye. ; or-ea until 9 p. m.
<$< ... fjajie* fuwt: o.cn until "J:->0 p. m.
«-'» a ZcAlUster street; open unui 'J:-'>o p. m.
CIS Larkin 6tr<et: oi-rn until »:'M p. ;j.
11U1 :.!.s.-!.,:i _t:ti;t; o;«n until 10 V- *»•
l«e Eleventh f.r.v-;; ci^en until 'J p. m.
I<>H- ViJeccta street: opea u_til » p. m.
Ncrth<;ißi Coi-r.tr Cburcb and Duacan street*;
o;x.-n until 'J p. m.
220u Fil.mcre rtrev. ; open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THB SUMMER.
CALL BoWkcHbcrfi contemplating a
chaujie of residence <lurius the summer
tuoatbs ran bitve their paper forwarded
hy iiinJl to tlielr new address by notify-
ing TIIL: CALL Ba«fneaa Ofaee. This
paper will aixj be on s:ile at all Mummer ;
reM-Tts and Is represented by a local
:i^e: I in sill towns nu the coast.
SIEETIAG XOTICKS..
SAN FRANCISCO Tont No. >(o^^L
:-. \u25a0 r M.— Review K-^ij— "" £?3vfc
'•}JT^ (FRIDAY* EVEN- fcj^i <& f
IN<; a: * o'clock. Pioneer oi£4 XvVcSMJ
Hall. 21 Fourth st.
D. B. RICHARDS, V&J&S'
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COM-
TANT — A epfcial rueetlng of the Ftockholderg
t'. the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
wj'.l be tcld at the cj£ce or the company, in
room ICI6. In the Merchants' Exchange
t-'UiMirc in the c!ty and county of San
Francisco, In the State of California, the
iirje beins the principal place ol business
cf taid corporation, and feeing the building
*ttrt the board or directors oi said corpora-
tion usually mec-t, on the I'Sih day of August.
Itl's. et tfce hour of 12 o'clock nocn, to con-
kicer fcpd act ujjon the propositions:
Firtt. lo increase tLe capital etock of said
corporation to one hundred and tixty million
Cellars tfI6O.GOQ.UOG). and ror that purpose to
amend article VI of the articles of lncurpora-
t:cn and consolidation cf the comp&ny to
re«d as follows :
"Tlie amount of tfce capital stock of sail
ecriiO:&tiiD snail bt or.c hundred and sixty
t:;!ion dollars (JIGO.oOO.wO), divided into
cr.e million e'.x hundred thousand U.CuO.OOO)
ikhres- of tfce par value or un& hundred dol-
:».:; ($100) each, which Fa.id amount of capl-
tel clock dots not tsicetd the amount actually
required for the pntjXMea of the said corpora-
tion, und is the amount actually required
ar.d ascertained to be accessary for construct-
ive, completing, equlp;.lng, operating and
tntfnulsins its road, axid ie co estimated by
competent or.sinttrs, as wi!l appear by the
\u25a0rriura estimate cf tuch engineers, duly
ngr.ed fey them, and filed in the office and
principal place cf bueineea aforesaid of eald
corporation."
And to tmend paragraph third of article
XII cf the said articles to read an follows:
•The suaiber cf directors of said con-
fclidaled corporation thai! be eleven- (11)
er.c the eimwnt cf the capital 6lock of eald
corporation ghaii be o ne hundred and sixty
trillion dollars (SieO.OOo.OOO), which said
».mouct cf capital ttock is the amount ac-
tually required lor the purposes cf said cor-
jjOratlca. and is the amount actually re-
quired end ascertained to be r.ecessary for
constructing, completing, fquippiag. operat-
ing tnd malmaislcg its road, and is co
estimated by competent engineers, afl will
• f**»r by the aforesaid written estimate of
•aid engineers, culy feigned by them and on
Cie as aforesaid, tala car-.lal Etock of aald
corporation shail be divided Into one million
Bis hundred thousand (1,600,000) shares
of tfce par value of one hundred dollars
<*:00) each, of which said Ehares of said
e*pita! etock the following have been enb-
tcrltx-d by and aliened to the stockholders
ef wild constituent corporation*, as herein-
after gtt forth, to wit:" nereia-
"To the Southern Pacific Ral>->ad Cnm
pany. Incorporated, organized and ex<s?i7c
crc*r the law* of the State of Call'orn'"a
«&d to its rhareholders, one ml^Toa
fourteen thousand two hundred and f ortv-ir-#
and elxty oc«- hundredth* (1.014.241 S \Tdm
•To the Southern Pacific Raflread Com
pacy. Incorporated, organized and "xle°i^
tmfler the laws of the Territory of Ari*™/
and to Its etockholder.. one hundred .^i
fcinety-Xiine thou«and nine hundred 1 and fitt
C89.W0) charge." a an<l fi "y
•To the Southern Pacific Rallron* r*
pany cf New Mexico incorporate^ ?2&,£?£d
m.DC existing under the laws of th e rt^i,
\u25a0 cf New Mexico and to it, Vtorft^i Ory
•lxty-«ight thousand eight huad4d r^
•lghty-elght (C 8.658) efcares." Dua<J - e <» and
. -•- "The Kveral stockholders of M .k «
constituent corporaUons shall ha VI \u0084 f^ 1 * i
tfcen by the eald consolidated wrrSi-'LV 0
paid up shares of the capital etocv /<Mu D
consolidated corporation out of «h. I tfce
thereof subscribed by and aSottld t %*
atocfchoUeni of tfctir respective coMMtnlw
corporations to th« like amount :
foliar, at their rar value with the rar*«J
ct the Bharei held by euch etockh^ *".*
their respective constituent cor^tfS r3 - la
Thereafter and wcondly. to cr?«?- P *'\u25a0
ra indebtedness cf eaid corporation t« c T'v"
amount in the aggregate of one hn'drJX .
elxty million dollars (JlCO.ooo.oooi £
coin of the U=Hed State. <a poS 0 J B w f £*
it to be used la .retiring existing bon-s^! £*
debtednesE). and to increase th| S*
dtbtedr.ess of said corporation ud tn \u2666?"
amount in tfce apgresate of cne hundriS « 5
eUty million dollars (s'-C0,000,000f {T 1 * D -1
coin ol the United States, and tT SS e CI ? rr e^ d
( a;d proposed bonded indebtedness w e
mortgage upon tfce railroads. fraarhisM .-ii
property cf tfce company cow O wn<-d or here
•fter acquired, and the Income tbereor ";
»ucb part thereof cs may be prescribed ?n
the mortgage; and to determine the form aa d
trrmi cf paid bonds anj mortgage and t*
cutberize the Eoard of Directors to' take all
«uch action as they may deeni necessary or
expedient in the premises. * r
Dated the 2hth Any of June, 1905.
By order of the Ecard of Directors"
J. L. WILLCUTT
Secretary cf the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company. M
N. T. SMITH.
E. E. CALVIN
WILLIAM HOOD
I. W. HELLMAN* Jr
JAMES K. WTLSO.V
J. M. HAJZFORD *
PETER V. DONVK.
J. L. WILLiCCTT
PRANK B. KIN(i
CHAS. P. LINCOLN.
G. L. KIXG
Directors cf eald Soatl-.ern Paclflc Railroad
Cci&saxr.
A THOROUGHLY experienced public school
teacher wishes to coach school children of
any grade for examinations or in regular
school work; nervous, delicate or backward
children a specialty; terma reasonable. 512
Jones St.; phone East 3995.
AlL who desire good positions should attend
this college: we have had 250 good places
since March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
icge. 73?\ Mission st.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 24
Post st.. S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1564. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, or. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established ISU3: largest in the West: an-
nuel enrollment 1CC0: send for-clrcular.
WESTERN Bus. College. 12S1 Market st:
thorough com, course by experts. Catalogue.
GIRLS and boys wanted; operatic and dramat-
lc work. 1225 Geary St.; phone East 4461.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing: all branches. 1412 Polk st., nr. CaL
E3IPLOY3IENT OFFICES.
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office
promptly furn. all kinds of reliable help.
George Sakauye. 421 Post St.. Tel. Bush 135.
UP-TC-DATE Japaneaa-Chinese emp. office fur-
nishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. SAIKI. 405 Post St.; tel. James 501.
STAR Employment Office — Reliable Japanese
and Chinese help furnished with care. W.
KADOTA. 409 Powell St.; ttl. Main 17SL
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 428 Powell Bt.; tel. Main 6752.
A— JAPANESE ,and Chinese help. WM.
YO9HY. 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 859.
Finest Japanese help: house cleaning specialty;
Geo. R. Kunlabe. 343 Mason; tel. Jam* a 5251.
AN old estab. (1S50) Chinese emp. office: C.
CHONG'S, removed' to 51S Pine; tel. Grant 156.
H. W. HONG. 1113 Clay St.; Chinese employ-
ment office; best help. Tel. East 420.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE, Chinese help of all kinds furn-
ished: house cleaning. 70S Taylor; James 7638
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 815 Stockton. Main 5135.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN lady, good plain cook, wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper; city or country. Call
between 2 and 4 p. m.. 869 First st.. corner
of Harrison.
WANTED — By Swedish girl, second work In
family; $30 month; no washing. Box 9042,
Call. ;
COMPETENT woman to take charge of room-
ing-house; transient preferred. Address MRS.
J. W. GREUN. 119 Larkin st.
GOOD weman wishes work for Saturday and
Monday; light washing, sweeping and clean-
ing; $1 60 per day. Address 1852 fitevenson,
REFINED German girl wishes to care for
small children; good references. Box I*oo3,
Call office.
SWEDISH girl wishea situation to do general
housework and cooking; good cook. Call 2082
McAUlstor St., bet. Central and Masonic.
POSITION wanted by first-class saleslady.
Box 9071, Call office.
WANTED — Position as dressmaker. Address
373 Sixth St.. Oakland. Cal.
A RELIABLE woman wants position to do
housework; Is good cook and laundress; city
or country. 10 Wetmore place, oft Clay St.,
bet. Powell and Mason.
A GOOD, willing young woman would like a
nice place to do light housework; 2 In family;
very obliging, good, clean worker. Call or
address L. H.. 1015 Powell st.
YOUNG German woman with a small boy
wants position as housekeeper; country pre-
ferred. MRS. HOFFMAN, 5125 East Four-
teenth St., Frultvale, Cal.
RELIABLE woman wishes washing. Ironing
or sweeping for Saturday; $1 50 and car
fare. Address box 8967, Call office.
A GOOD cook wishes a' steady place in a good
family; American cooking; no housework;
$30 to $35. Phone Howard 2933.
A NORTH German, speaks French, wishes
position, care of children or lady. .. Box 6909.
Call office.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wants washing and
house cleaning by the day; $1 and carfare.
407 Oak at.
A YOUNG girl wants a position to do general
housework and plain cooking. Call at 2605
Bryant at., near Twenty-fourth.
A FIRST-CLASS cook wants position In pri-
vate family;, good wages. Apply 431 Ste-
venson Bt.
A REFINED German girl wishea position to
assist with small children and teach German;
good references. Box 8961. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagement: $1 60 per day. 4 Morse place,
off Broadway, near Leavenworth st.
NURSE wishes confinement case for August,
or invalid to care for. Address MRS. I. 8.,
1836 Hyde at. _il_iL.
YOUNG girl wishes light housework. Address
7C3& Folsom »t.
DANISH girl wishes housework or cooking;
adults. IGIS Fourth St.. Alameda.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
WANTED — Situation; middle-aged gardener
and florist wishes position either commercial
or private; understands business thoroughly
In all Its branches with -the very best of
\u25a0 references. O. HAEFFNER, Bl4# Third st.
FINE entree cook wishes poeitlon.
Do you want a first-class cookT
Do you wish a first-class baker t
Call or address room 818. James Flood bldg.
WANTED — A position by German; good horsa-
man and driver; also experienced gardener:
city or country; good references; not afraid
of work. Box 6028. Call.
YOUNG man for office position; competent,
good experience, best reference*. Box 9045,
Call.
YOUNG man, sober, steady, willing, wants
work on private place; horses, cows, garden,
etc.; wages $25 to $50. Box 9037. Call
DANISH man. middle-aged, wants situation;
plain gardener or man about place; private
family and country preferred; Is sober and
steady: best of references. Address AN-
DREW JOHNSON, 331 Kearny, room ST.
MACHINIST, all-round, anything, small me-
chanic; last discharge from electrical en-
gineers ' of New South Wales Government
railway. Encyclopedia, box 8956, Call.
YOUNG Frenchman with experience wishes po-
sition in institution to take charge of th«
laundry or the machinery. Address C. 3\.
613 California st.
GARDENER, competent In all branches,
greenhouses, lawn, orchard and vegetables,
wishes steady situation on private place;
references 1 . Box 8943, Call office.
WANTED — Position by first-class wheelwright.
In or out of the city; all kinds of work In
that line. J. W. R., 728 Washington st.,
room 4. \u25a0 •
AN Eastern man wants a position as salesman
where advancement is possible. Address or
phone 183, Grand Hotel.
RELIABLE man wishes position as watchman;
first-class references and cash bond given.
Box 5962. Call office.
GERMAN wants position as coachman; per-
fectly experienced in driving and cara ot
horses. Box 9008, Call office. »•-.-*..» •-.-*. .-
CAPABLE bookkeeper and stenographer desires
permanent position; highest references; mar-
ried: age 32. Box 8507. Call office.
A WILLING and sober -young man (Scandi-
navian) wants any kind of work to do part
of day or all day. Box 8965. Call office.
HONEST, reliable man desire* position; ex-
perienced driver; well acquainted wlta
streets. Box 5970. Call office.
COACHMAN wants position on gentlemen's
country place: 4 years' references from last
\u25a0place. Box 9011. Call office.
FRENCH and Italian first-class cook wants
position in private family; good references.
1406 Duixmt st.
WANTED — Painting, paperhanglng. tinting.
etc. ; strictly first-class at moderate prices.
Box 7898. Call office.
POSITION wanted by shoemalfer: city or out.
J. BLONDY, 403 Broadway, San Francisco.
WHEELWRIGHT, without tools, wants posl-
tlon; city or country. Box 9014. Call.
GOOD grocery clerk wishes work : can bring
some trade. Address box 9016, Call office.
STRONG boy wants position in' wholesale
house; 19 years of age. Apply 3812 22d st.
YOUNG man would like position; few hours'
work, mornings only. Address box 8815, Call.
BRIGHT Japanese student' wants place as
schoolboy; fine cook. Y. OHASI. 121 Haisht.
HONEST Japanese wants a position to do
housework. G.S.. 1621 Mission st.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants a position at ele-
vator work. M. GEORGE. 333 Uuoa «t.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. AUGUST 11. 1005.
13
HELP WANTED — MALE — Continued.
35 MEN AND HOYS
To pick fruit, work In packing and dry
houses, yards, unload and load fruits, etc.,
$20 found.
BRICKLAYERS. ETC.
2 bricklayers, $5 day; helper, usual wages.
LOOK!
Brick setter, brick yard, fare $1, $2 50 day.
Hand tander, brick yard, fare $1, $2 day.
4 mattress makers, not rar away.
Handy men with few tools, ranch, fare 60c,
boss here, steady job. $30 found.
2 boys, city factory, 55 week.
Young man, keep time of men, city. $20.
BUTCHER.
Butcher, all-round man, fare $1, $35 found.
CARPENTERS, BUILD BARNS, ETC.
15 carpenters, 8 hours, fare 60c, $90.
MURRAY & READY. C34-C3S Clay St.
PORTER and houseman, first-class city hotel;
$80 found.
FREE FARE TO
TUNNELS. £ TUNNELS. TUNNELS.
C 5 tunnel men, free fare, $67 50.
35 drillers and hammer* men, free fare,
$C 7 50.
125 laborers or muckers, $GO.
04 tunnel men, are you one ? $2 50 to $2 75
day.
MURRAY & READY. C 34-636 Clay St.
CARPENTERS,
CARPENTERS.
16 rough carpenters, fare $1. $3 to $3 50 day.
6 carpenters, city job, build barns, . etc.,
S3 5w day.
2 carpenter* for mine, fare $2 40, $90.
Rough carpenter, build fence, end of San
Francisco, $75.
12 carpenters, 8 hours, build barns, etc., fare
50c, $00.
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA.
14 mere carpenters to build hop dryers,
stu-ds, warehouse*, etc.. No. 1 Job, fare
?3 r>o, $105.
0 carpenters, company work, fare 50c, $00.
12 lumber car builders, fare $3, $90.
•J ehlnglers, straight roofs, walls, 75c M.
Shingle packer, south, $50 found.
Blacksmith, country clubhouse, $40 found.
Blacksmith, lumber co.. boss here, $60 fd.
SHIP CARPENTERS.
25 ship carpenters, free fare, $4 day.
NEVADA STATE.
10 carpenters, plain Government work, ham-
mer and hatchet men will do, $103 month.
12 rough carpenters. Placer County, $90.
Carpenter, mine,. fare S3. $3 50 day.
9 carpenters, construction work, factory, $105
month, fare $1 10.
8 rough carpenters, hammer and hatchet
men, city, $2 r>o day.
Carpenter, rough work, mine, fare $3 50,
snuth. ?3 50 day.
Bench hand, nlnnlnar mill, north. $3 50 day.
FOREMAN OARPENTETR
For Government work. Nevada. $4 day.
Blacksmith, Government camp work. SflO fd.
Wheelwright. Government camp 'work, $<>0
and found.
12 hammer and hatchet carpenters, fare $3,.
$PO.
Csh'net-maker. $4 day.
Carppnter, plain work, city, *3 50 rlay.
Bricklayer rr>d of P. F., $4 rlny nnd found.
PLUMBER AND PAINTER.
Plumber, fare 50c, $3 50 day.
Painter, house, city job, $2 50 day.
2 machine blacksmiths, city Job.
Blacksmith, factory, fare $1 25, $.1 day.
3 sticker men, planlnir mill, city Job, $4 day.
LOOK.
Teamsters, express wnirons, city, $75.
LOOK.
Grocery clerk. $45.
Man to work In wine distillery, fare $1 50.
BOARD HOME IN S. F.
12 laborers. 9 hourx. city work, $2 25 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay <t.
" " GRADERS— L. CO.
2 lumber graders, fare $3, north, $3 day.
CEMENT FINISHER.
Cement finisher, far* $1. boss here,
LOOK.
Cook, ranch,' fare, Sonoma Co., $40 found.
Third baker, . bench, hand, $30 and found.
LOOK.
20 woodchoppers. mine co.. $1 60 cord.
12 laborer* for quarry, fare $1 30, $1 50 day
and found. . \u25a0
Younsr man. drive milk wagon, fare 30c, f 25
and found.
Choreman. 2 cows, 3 hors-s. private family,
$25 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
' ; LOOK.
2 cut-off sawyers, $2 50 to $2 7n day.
Timber feller. No. 1 lumber company, $65 fd.
_umber piler and srader, fare $3, $45 fd.
MURRAY \u25a0' & READY. 634-636 Clay ; at.
MAN handy in kitchen, short distant in
country: $10 and found. MRS. WHITE
C32',fr Jessie et. \u25a0-
WANTED — A (rood porter at once. Hotel
Map-land barber shop. 643 Post et.
DISHWASHER wanted.. Call Bohemian Club.
HELP WA\TEp--FEMALE— Continued !
A— AMERICAN
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
642 COMMERCIAL. ST., n<ar Kearny.
PHONE BUSH K>3. JOHN _. DRBCHSLER.
5 CARPENTERS, city, b hours. $4 25.
10 CXRPEXTEKS. north. $12tf.
10 CARPENTEJtS, 00c fare, $3 50.
15 CARPENTERS, gold dredge, $105.
25 CARPENTER?, NEW WORK. NORTH.
15 laborers, help carpt-nters, $50 fd.
8 laborers, help carpenters, $1 65 day fd.
FIREMAN, dredße, $*O fd. ; farmer and wife.
FREE FARE— 2.") laborers. $C 0; 10 drillers.
$€T 50; 20 laborer*, north. $2 50.
NORTH— FARE REFUNDED— NORTH.
25 laborers. ELKCTRIC company. $50 fd.
XO CONTHACT— NO DISCOUNT.
We htve thousands of other Jobs.
GIRLS, to learn bairdressir.g, manicuring, mas-
'"&£e. etc.. from A to Z in 1 mo. for $5 to
those entering now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; day and evening
class. College. 234 Post Ft., room 17. 2d floor.
WANTED— Girls to leern millinery for fall; 2
seasons from start to finish in 1 mo. for $15;
positions guaranteed $12 per week up: learn
now for Aug. p^sitieriE. 5ch001. 234 Post. r. 16.
WOMEN and girls wanted immediately; also
frperlenced earners; Fteady work and hlgh-
«*t pay. Apply CALIFORNIA CANNERIES
CO., <_3 Brar.c&n Bt.. bet. Third and Fourth.
V.OMAN or girl to Co housework: $10 per
month and goad home. 1755 Mission Bt.
, NEAT iclrl for downstairs work; must be a
r good cook. UfeO O'Farrtll st.
COMPETENT woman to do house »'OI_ and
cooking; wages ?25. Call 565 Lombard St.
CANDY saleslady; experience i. Call » until
12. S to 6. BLUMS. Polk and Sutter.
— Young woman as governess for
two children; must he well educated and
capab'.e of Instructing ; good place for one
who appreciates a good home; state age, ex-
perience, if any. ar.d salary expected. Ad-
<ir«-s« box 9013. Ca:i otfice.
AN enjoyabl*. profitable outing; pick hops In
Augiiet; special rate tickets now ready:
com* early as only a limited number can
b« sold. E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122
Battery Ft.
TTANTEI/— Ls-iy solicitor- to Bell watches.
, diamonds and Jewelry on hiMallmeni plan;
$10 to $15 per cay -°asily made. Call rooms
IS and 16. Tra Market «t.
—ADIES. earn about li)c per hour doing fancy
v.r>rk ticrne durir.g spare time; c-asy, rapid
ar.d fascinating. rail 9 to 5, 1344 Market
et.. opposite Seventh.
WANTED — Two lrcners: e-irls or men; pay
pood wages. FAVORITE LAUNDRY, 2122
Fillmore ft.
fEWIXG machine cr«ratrrs on overalls; no
exrtf-rience necessary. LEVI STRAUSS Sc
CO.. c^u Fr*-mont st. MR. DAVIS.
A GIRL to assist li* housework and cooking.
K2l Larkin ft.
GIRL wanted for candy Ptore. 4SS Halght *t.
BARBIZRS — Employment and Supplies.
BARBER fhofs, city find country; have teversl
Inquiries for fair raying fhup^; only those
that can siani Investigation may apply to
IX STOLTZ, 72:; Market ft.
f THRF.E-CHAIH shop tor sa'e in on* of the
r*Et hotels in Portland, Ore., or trade for a
fhop In San Francisco. Inquire at t>4B Sac-
ramento bt., San Francisco.
Fl>K saJe — 1-chair t>arber s=hop; ciiuntry town;
doing goad businef?: very cheap. For par-
t'cu'.ars write r.Gs Mir.na st.
BARBER for Saturday and Simdajr; call Fri-
\u25a0iay mornlns-. li:H Fourth »t.
WANTED— liarbf-r !..r Saturday and Sunday.
Call at ll'.'o Folsom st.
A BARBER to open a shop at 411 S|*-ar St.:
C--H;d chance. •
BARBER fur Fa.tur.Jay at r.C-5 Fourteenth !-t..
O_itUnd.
OOOD !)sr!wr wantf-d Saturday and Sunday.
2i"j. Butter st.
GOOD barber waritcj; Friday nftomoon and
S3:ur-ii>- <:l'.j Clay st.
G"< 'U. ptes'ly barVv r wanted. 2t;4 Seventh st.
<*• rr.mtnc' Monday.
WANTED— Good barber for .Saturday ami
Sunday. ?*O3 Kiilpom st.
BARBER ror .',<: s-iio!>: $11 a week. Wi How-
nri «t.
WANTED — Yrur.p- man -nith s )rriF experience
to lather ;-r.'i comb hair. 303 Tv.-emy-nir.th.
F<~'R sale— Barber 5!: >j.. :j •-hairs, living ru-amy;
r*»nt Sl2. ;ioj Howard st.
F""'R i-alt — Barbt-r e.h< p. running 2 chairs; es-
tablished over 7 years. 2*27 Greenwich »t.
BARBERS' employment s<v-rMary. B.irVxrs'
Protect! ve Union. )_4 Upatcomery ivc
BARBER shT 1 B>T yalf, cheap. lll'.iA Folsotn
ttreet.
HELP WAXTED — 3IALE.
AT C. P.. HANSEN & OO.'_CV4» J Bush } __
Second cor,k for a boat party here. $50 fd.
Veritable and hot cake cook country hotel
it". 545 ar.d found.
Becond cook, country hotel. $45 found.
Lunchman. city. $45 found.
Waiters, city and country, $25, $:1O found.
Waiter and help with upstairs work, small
country hotel. $25 found.
Potwasher and vegetable man, country ho-
-"I. free fare. fSS four.d.
P* Bus boy. $25; boy to work in bake ship,
$20. $25 found; same, country hotel, fr.-e
far*.
Line- man, '\u25a0ity restaurant. $-T> and board
2 freight elevator b »ys. city. $10 found.
2 waiters for a boat, party here. $30 round.
All around blacksmith, sawmill company,
north. $60 ar.d board.
Cabinetmaker, city, S4 d»y.
Carpenter, city, $3 cay.
NEW ELECTRIC RAILROAD. NEAR THE
CITY. FARE 40c.
Scraper teamfters and scraper iondern,
$2 25 day.
Single and doubie hand drillers Alameda
County, $2 25 day.
Tunnelmen. laborers and teamsters for a new
railroad tunnel, near the city. $2, $2 2."),
\u25a0 %1 50 day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush St.
AT HORD & SMITHS. 741 Mission st.. near
- 3d. and C_<s Washington Ft., near Kearny.
Nevada — We ship to-day — Nevada.
S. P. Company own work.
Laborers, f2 to $2 25.
Free fare. Free fare.
Special shinment.
______ •
TTestem Pacific Railroad.
Drll'.ere. $2 50. Go to-day.
Tunnel work. Tunnel work.
Tunnelmen. $2 50. ?2 25.
Muckers. $2 to f2 25.
Storekeeper, company, $30 and found.
Steam shovel rur.r.^r. steady, small shovel.
Q.imr.i«!;y work, laborer*. $2, Ixjiixd $4 50.
Painters, railroad company. $3 to S3 25.
Bricklayers, company work, steady.
Rough carpenter*. ?3.
Carpenter, city. $4 ,V>, finishing.
Laborers. Oakland. ?2.
Man and wife, coal and feed yard, $jO.
OrH'.f-rs. s>outh. ?2 So.
laborers, company work. ?2.
Camp waiter, ?30.
¥ Re—^rober— Nevada— Free fare.
CREAM— &X man. $75: butchfr for country,
(49 and found; gasoline t-ngineer. $G<> and
'nund: carpentera. *3 r>o day: chorcm^n. $15
end $20 and found: hook tendf-r, .«40 and
round; bla cksmlth. $?. day; woodchoppers for
mine; bootblack, *10 -n-wk: farmers, milkers
md othno. J. F. CKOSETT & CO.. C2S
~.ioram*>nto «. y--'-"
OCOK ar.i helper for mill cr°-w, *7.'.: second
•\u25a0•->r,k. SSU: cock arid wifo. country hotel, ,*75:
rroottO 000k. country hotc-I. S4<': wait'-r ar.d
* wife. ?\u25a0"<>: 2 waitfrc for steamer. SHO: lx>d-
\u25a0::«kcr. $35; dishwashers. 1255- nurw>, $2">. .
.rid others. J. F. CIiOSETT & CO.. e2S .
Hacr?.rr:?nto st. .
>\u25a0" COSTUGAN & CO.'S. 024 Clay St.
Ph-.ne D'lfh C 49.
FREE FARE.
Nevada to-day*— Free fare — XeA'ada.
• TaVirers, $2, f2 25 day. (
Fhlp tr.-<lay— Free fare — Long Job.
Company"* own work — Free fare.
P7IEE FARE— MKN'DOCIN'O COT-'NTY.
_S woodsmen, you'll «do, $3^ and found.
Rljip to-day — 3 p. m. Call early.
D'-nkfy errinc^r. Alp to-day, $/5O found.
ANDRE'S OFFIO: 317 Ptockton Et. .
Second butler. $40: portpr, family hot<*l, $25
f<l. : Grrrrnn pirter. fa'o^n, S3O and bosrd;
kitchen crew, family hotel, dlfhwasher. pit-
v.-flsher ard vegetable man; bedmaker
lrdglng-houpe $S week: ambulance attend-
ant for hospital. $30 fd.; 3 waiters. $25 to "
$40: lunch cook and port«r. $30; French
couple, country. $<H>. etc. . - .;•
MAN sn<l wife for private place: wrman
cr.oks tor 4 n>"n: man does general work;
S5O. MISS PLUNKETT, 42S Sutter et., near
Powell. - • "--- \u25a0
WAN'TED-A rtrotig boy. 15 to 18 years, for
grocery. Apply box S9S2. CalL
HELP WANTED — MALE — Continued.
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMPLOY-
MENT AGENCY,
035 Washington st. ; phone James 3301.
SPECIAL.
10 laborers. Quarry work, $2 25 day, l.'io
fare; wheeler holder, tame {dace, $2 sti day;
_ blacksmith b#tl»ro; J2 25 day; hoist <-n-
Klneer, $3 day; laborers, boss here, Santa
Clara Co.. J35 fd.
FItEE FARE.
I^aborers, ?CO, boss here 11 a. m.. ship to-
day.
DRILLERS.
50 drillers, open cut, Alameda County.
Build mad to mines, $t!7 .">O, rare $1 25.
2 single hand niineih. $2 day fd.. Slskiyou
County.
Laborer*, !arg? mine, south, $40 found.
NEW ELECTRIC -\AILHOAD ;
Butte County, teamsters, $75, 10 months' Job.
Teamsters, 15c fare. *u'7 50; long job.
Laborers. Isc fare, SCO, Blacksmith Camp,
$1)0, good compuny, cheap fare.
Lumber handlers, boss here, $35 found.
Lumber pilers and handlers, north, $75.
Section hands. $00, steady work.
Trimmer, Mendocino County, $40 fd.; labor-
ers, $37 fd. ; laborers, Mendocino and Shasta
counties, $75, 2 years' Job, fare refunded.
PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY. GSS Washington: tel. James 3.101.
WANTED — A first-class bushelman. must un-
derstand repairing and cleaning; stead;
place" to right party. Apply. 8 a.\ m., S. N.
WOOD & CO., Powfill and Ellis sts.
WANTED— Salesman for juvenile furniuhing
Roods dfpartment. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO., 710 Market st.
WANTED — A young man of good appearance,
age is to 20: one willing to take a good .
steady position. Apply to-day to S. N. i
WOOD _ CO., 740 Market st. |
WANTED — E:<r-frfenced salesman for youths', j
boys' and children's clothing dopartment. '
Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market St. ;
WANTED-— Experienced salesman for men's !
clothing department. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.; 740 Market st.
CASH boys wanted, 14 years of age.- Bring
age and school ctrtiicates when applying
at the- superintendent's" office, The Empo-
rium. , v . . '
SHOE salesmen wanted. Apply at once, su-
perintendent's office. The Emporium.
WANTED — Competent young man for billing
on the Ilemlngtan typewriter. Apply super-
intendent's office. The Emporium.
EXPERIENCED domestic salesman wanted.
Apply between I) and 11 a. m: at HALE
BROS.' .
WANTED — Experienced drapery salesman. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a., m. at HALE
BROS.' ' :
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied un- j
married men, between ages of 21 and .'l5; |
citizens of United States, of good character i
.and temperate habits, who can speak, read
and write English. For Information apply
to Recruiting Officer, 204 Rlalto building,
New Montgomery at., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for po-
sitions in new postofflce; clerks and carriers;
excellent opportunities: free particulars. Pa-
cific ;Correepondence Institute. 1095 Market
st. : offices open -day and evening. .
SECOND baker on cakes can have position.
. $17 week; also young man for Dorter. A
baker's helper on bread can find good' posl-
tlon. Room 313, James Flood building.
TAILORS— Pants and- veFtmaker wanted for
the country. ARNSTEIN, SIMON & CO.,
Market and Second sts. '
ERRAND boy for law office; answer In own
handwriting, stating age, experience and sal-
ary . expected. Box 5072, Call office.
AN experienced, capable accountant out of
employment can find employment for 60 or
no days, possibly more. Box S04(», Call office.
i WANTED — Young boy, 16 to 20 years old, to
work; In butter stall: must havo good refer-
ences. 85 and 30 California Market. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0,
GOOD coatmaker for the country. For partic- !
ulars apply WEBSTER, 40 Geary st.
W'ANTED^At once, grocery clerk. - 3558
Twenty-third st. . ' . -> '..
SIX good trunkmakers. American Box ana
Trunk Factory, 825 Brannan et. •
STEADY, experienced waiter wanted. Ameri-
can Hotel. 080 Howard .St. ~
WANTED— Butcher to drive wagon. Apply
2100 Howard -St.. \u25a0 -.
WANTED— Good fraternal 'Insurance eollcitor
for Oakland: a vsldent preferred; references.
.Box 7930. Call office. J
I HOUSES FI'UMSHED — FOR SALE.
' BARGAIN— Nice rooming-house: choice loca-
tion; netting $130 monthly; principal. Box
9004. Call.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 6 rooms: barn, 5 stalls; will rent
separately; newly papored; $20. 4029 2tith.
BUSH. 2«23 — Sunny cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; large sunny yard: rent $22 50. - V
" HOUSES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale, at once, 2-passenger O'Brien park
or speeding runabout: steel tire, will wrar
Ilka whalebone: also 10-mile-an-hour roa!-
•ter. young. C. J. FIELD. 100 Ellis sl. Ka-
mona Hotel.
NEW and second-hand wagons, buggies, sur-
reys and harness. LEIBOLD HARNESS CO..
211 Larkln St.. San Francisco.
SECOND-HAND, 2-seated Frazler cart: panel
top wafron. O'Brien & Son Bike Eu_ffy and
- Rubber Tire Co.. 500 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale — 1 bay horse 5 years oIJ. wiiyht
12fQ. at ROBERTS'. 1615 Market st.
FOR sale at 1375 Eddy St. — Black saddle horse.
saddle and bridle, cheap.
AUCTION sale of horses, waeons and harness
every Wednesday at-11 a. m. Sixth st.
LIGHT delivery wagon for sale cheap. 1190
McAllister.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camplne wagon
and gocart for sale, cheap. 322 Mission st.
LOST A.XD FOUND.
$50 REWARD tor one white and black spot-
ted hound, lost June 6. between Cloverdale
and Boonvtlle. "G. W. M." tattooed In one
ear. Aadresa SID GOSHONG. Cloverdale.
Cal.
LOST— Red cocker spaniel dog with white
breast; answers to the name of "Punch."
Finder please return to 2215 Pacific aye. and
receive r*ward.
LOST— On Sansome St.. bet. California and
Clay, a set of drawings. Return same to
Cox Seed Co.. 411 Sansome st.. and receive
$5 reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and • Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of GIOVANNI ROSSI. No. 107-572.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— At Cliff House beach Sunday, child*
gold-rlmmed eye glasses; please return 1085
Howard st. ; reward.
FOUND — Purse with small sum of money:
give accurate description of purse . and
money. Box So7fi, Call.
LOST— lsabella fox stole at Tlvoll Sunday
night. Return to Grand Hotel office; reward.
LOST — Hunch of 7 keys on the 4th; $5 reward.
323 Broadway.
LAUNCHES FOR HIItE.
C. A McNEILL LAUNCH CO. foot of Clay
St., for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 531.
MONEY TO LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEHEST 5& AND 0 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, Hie insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests In property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-10S Crocker bids.; phone Main G024.
R. McCOLGAN'.
Rooms 301 and BU2 Hearst building.
T-ii-d floor. Examiner entrance.
Deal directly with lender and save expense.
Loans any amount at 6% and 0 per c-nt
On first, second and third/mortgages.
REAL ESTATE IN PROBATE.
Undivided interests in estate and property.
Money advanced to prevent foreclosure.
1 NO DELAY.
I Phone _t_t_ 5516.
I
AA— MONEY TO LOAN
On furniture. Isaacs, warehouse receipts or
sfceurtty of any kind without removal; we
make l^ans on thr EASIEST PLAN in the
WORLD; payments to SUIT YOUR CON-
VENIENCE, in cu»e 01 SICKNESS or loss of
EMPLOYMENT »c EXTEND THE LOANS:
you take no chance <if LOSING >vur GOODS.
This is a TRUST COMPANY; our rates are
RIGHT an.l no DESERVING PEKSON is re-
rused- CAssH ADVANCES made to salaried
•jc-opie LINCOLN FINANCE CO.. rcoms 15-
16. 75U Market St.. opp PhsUn building.
____________________ -
601-W2-CIKI Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, seiond mortsag'.-Sk undivided tnter-
1 esta. or rent:?, property In trust,
etc.: legacies, tile e?tal-/» and undivided in-
terests in property purcna-sil.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
Wteu Yi/U Need Money
See HERMAN MUKfHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Ist, 2d ar »d
MortKd.^s on teal estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate 01 luteivst.
Give full particulars
Box '.>2J. fail uftlce.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advunces un diamonds. Jewelry, at 1
per cent interest. Baldwin Jeweiry Store,
a.!> Market st.; tel. Main 1044. Branch, 11 J.
Market sL and 27 Third at.
______________
Money loaned salaried people without security
or indorsement, knowledge (>( employer or
any one; cunfldential and courteous treatment;
cail and get terms. Drake. i».'{ Pariott bhig.
MuNliY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-house.', without
security; easy payments; large business in 40
principal cities. TOLMAN. 55;: Parro'.t bldg.
ANY amount quickly on surniture ur p!a_ a
without removal or other security; lowest
rates: no commission; confidential. 50U-7
Dononifr bldg.. S Taylor »t.. corner Market.
MONEY loaned on collateral and can be paid
In small weekly or monthly installments at
low rate* of interest. KALPH & ED., 143
Powe.l st., upstairs.
A— Lowest rates on real estate, Ist or 2d mort-
gages, life Insurance, or on any security ;any
amount. O. W. pKCKKH. 'M Geary, room 'M.
ORIGINAL Uncle Un;— lf you took for lowest
rate of Interest and s-juare deaj. Old Flood
bid.. SO-.t Market.cor. 4th. suite 1: est. ISUS.
ALVA CO. <The) loans money to salaried people
without security; good terms and easy pay-
ments : also on other security. Eu7 Flood bldg.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of Interest; goM.
silver, diamonds, pearls and precious atones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
LOANS on diamonds, waicnes and Jewelry;
private offices. 4CO-4GI Adams building. 2'.*i
Kearny *t. Ulobo Mercantile and Loan Co.
SALARIED, people without security: also on
furn., estates In probate. life Ins. pollciee. etc.
Empire Loan &. Invest Co.. 612 Parrott bldg. I
WE loan on property (55 to so per cent on valu-
ation. If you need money see us.
McGARVIE & CO., 720 Market st.
MONEY. Money, Money.
Any proposition. 4'J 2d St.. Wells-Fargo Ex-
press bldg. Wage Earners' Invt. & Loan Co. |
A — ONE per cent per month on valuables.
PORTLAND JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
ANY amount, real estate or other security;
$100 up. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. 8
LOANS — Salaried people; "confidential"; 2 per
cent; chattels, etc. 456 Montgomery, r. 51S.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 012 Mutual Bank bid.
TO* salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California st., rooms 14 and 15.
ALL loans on diamonds _ jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. 3. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried pecpte on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. tCO Examiner bidg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BEST renting stock in the city; good uprights
at $2 per mo. : some at $2 s«j; our own make
$3; one year's rental -allowed off purchase
price. SCOTT-CURTAZ. SCO Hayes st.
A LARGE stock of standard pianos; all more
or less used: Drlces $C 5 up. BEN J AMI V
CURTAZ & SON. 1G O'Farrell St.; Checker-
ing agency.
MAHOGANY, upright, parlor grand piano;
good as new; must be sold this week. Z&i
Valencia. \u25a0 >
HALLET & DAVIS pianos; wholesale: eighth
floor. 733 Mission st.. San . Franc teco.
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storage pi-
anos, furn. i Whltehead's storage, 16SB Mkt.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
NEW, upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickerlng baby grand.
S-oninger little used. Kteffo'f. _s5 O'FarreU,
HELP WAXTED — MALE — Continued.
A— MURRAY & KEADY. 834-636 Clay st.
Phone Main SS4S.
OFFICE HOL'KS. 7 a. m. TO 10 p. m.
This new Ejsttni gives employers a chance
to jihone us until 10 p. m.
Likewise
All can call after their day's work.
__ Our Own Printing
Plant Ism-.- our ;ree list ot positions four
times dally— 7 a. m., 10 a. m.. 1 p. m.
4 p. m.
EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION!
OUR INVESTIGATION AND SEGREGA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OF
FIKST-CLASt- HELP.
IF YOU WANT
THE BEST HELP, DO AS OTHERS DO-
SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY & READY. «i34-«30 Clay St.,
Ltading Employment and _tibor Agents.
Phone Main 6S4S.
THE RIGHT UF MAN TO LIVE; TH_
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
We gave in 1904 1905 we hope to
t>4,OiJU men work. - increase 04,000.
W« do not supply female help, but we do
mpply men and wives lur ail classes of work.
WE SPEAK THE
Gem.an, French. Italian. Portuguese, Span-
ish. Slavoniun, Scandinavian and Greek
FRK_ FARE— GOING SOUTH— S. P. R. R.
155 LABORERS.
GREAT CROWDS GOING — ARE YOU?
MUUKAY & R_*ADY\ 634-<J3o Clay st.
GOVERNMENT— 2 YEARS' WORK.
Contract to supply help given MURRAY _
READ? exclusively.
ARIZONA;
ARIZONA— ARIZONA.
Several thousand men will be wanted.
Special Railroad Fare— S. P. $11.
SW bridge carpenters. $3 50 a day.
This is i ho first shipruent to start up Job.
MURRAY _ READY. ttt4-636 Clay st.
TO LOS ANGELES CITY.
Contract to supply help and exclusive rate
of $5 iaie giv«-n Murray & Ready.
FAKE $5.
155 teamsters. $U to $2 -5 day.
155 latio:* B. S hours' work. *1 75 to $2 day.
Buani themselves In hotels.
FOX WOODEN UHIDGE WORK.
65 men tv h«lp on vroodea bridge, $2 50 day.
SECTION R. R. WORK.
155 loreigners, $1 50 day; house and water
furnished, board th'-nwelves.
LOOK.
96 laborers, £hovel work, $1 75 to $2 day.
LOS ANGELLS CITY.
MURRAY _ READY,
684-636 Clay st.
SHIP CARPENTERS.
BRIDGE CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS BUILD BOATS.
CARPENTERS TO BUILD DREDGES.
ALL FREE FARE.
$4 DAY— WAGES— S4 DAY.
GENERAL MANAGER HBRB.
CALL EARLY AND SEE HIM.
STEADY JOBS YEAR AROUND.
MURRAY & READY. C34-tja« Clay *t.
FREE FARE— TONOPAH. NEVADA.
Teamsters, cali ear!y. free fare, $2 25 day.
MURRAY & READY. 034-C36 Clay et.
ARE YOU PORTLAND, 505 Woodsmen.
GOING? OREGON. 555 Millmun.
$60 MONTH. $07 50 MONTH. .
MURRAY & READY, 034-036 Clay at.
CENTER OF FRUIT DISTRICTS.
FREE FAKE.
55 general nun, you can do it. $60 month.
llar.ifc-t-;- >vill arrive our olfice 7 a. m.
MURRAY & READY, C.34-C;a Clay St.
ARE YOU A DRILLER?
25 men, of>en cut work, it's steady, $67 50.
FARE $1. . FEE $1. THATS ALL.
MURRAY & READY. 034-63(5 Clay st.
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Special R. R. fare. $2 75.
25 teamsters' (can drive 2 horses), $67 50.
He it here— gouora] manager— SEE HIM.
MURRAY & KEADY. 034-036 Clay st.
-M2CHAXICAL
18 BRICKLAYERS
for .^pattle; your :ar? paid; usual wafres.
Chipper, foundry, fare $3, mine, $67 50.
Blacksmith, structural work. No. 1 Job.
Blacksmith or a woodworker. fare $2 50
63 CO day.
_»j blacksmiths, horseshoß'-s, etc., $4, $3 60,
$3. $2 ."<_> day. . . .
Blacksmith, machinist, (ravernment Job, $75
and found.
2."> slack coopers. $40 and" found.
ifealt-r. lumber company, »75: offbearer,
SS2 50.
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS.
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA.
6 carpenters, company work, fare 50c, J9O;
12 car tiullders, lumber co., $90; 4 shlng-
ietr. straight roof, walls. $75 M; shingle
packt-r. south. J5O fd.; hlacks-mnth, coun-
try clubhouse, fare paid, ?40 and found.
ELECTRICIANS, ETC.
Electrician and lathe riand for mine; $90.
<"obbl<"-r. itpair work.
Turner band sawyer, fare $1 ; $2 50 day.
Machine liiincl. countr>' planing mill; $3 BO
day.
13an i sawyer, fare $1; $3 50 day.
Wood turner, planing mill, fare $1; $3 50
day.
•Screw turner, big carriape L. Co. ; ?80 fd.
CORNICE MAKERS.
6 corni'-e makers, fare paid boss here, north;
U day.
\u25a0 Stlrkerhand, mill south; $.'< 50 day.
•Tank erector redwood: $4 50 day.
Machine hand, rim sticker, fare $1; $4.
Bras* finisher, city; $2 50 and . $3 day.
BRICKLAYERS. SOLDERERS.
Hoicarrier, good wagf?. private work.
4 eoiderer?, 2."> c hour. f«re $2 50.
WEAVERS.
12 weavers on blankets.
FOREMAN.
Foreman, country planing mill; S4 day.
TO HELP CARPENTERS.
25 laborers, free fare; fi;C.
MURRAY A- lIKAIIV. 634-R3B Clay St.
MISCELLANEOUS
Man to ff-11 and grul> trttf. ::iillionaire's Jrb.
IS woo<3chopp»rE. ?1 25 cord.
4 woodchoppers. mine company, "ssfi fcund.
Man make icecream, open cgfcs. $35 found.
Italian or French cook. camp, free fare, $<;0.
Farmer, handy with carpenters' tools, 50s
fare. $.'!5 and found.
OjFt^rman. $45 to $S0 and found.
12 boys, learn trades. $4, J5. fO week.
Man work about rtuok preserve, $25 found,
fare paid, bos= here.
IRONERS. ETC.
2 starch rronext, south. $2 25 clay.
Polisher, fare $1, $r,5 to $40 found.
BUTCHER.
Butcher, all-round man. $75 and room.
MARRIED— AUE . YOU?
Farmer and wife, fruit farm. $.*.2 ."0 found.
Farmer and wife, ch'cken ranch. f«re $1, $40.
Farmer and wife, 5 people, $45 found.
MURRAY & READY. C.'»-63ii' Clay St.
FREE FARE. -
GOLD MINE— OTHER MINES.
180 Mncl* and double hand drillers, $80
SB2 50, $75.
12 laborers to learn mining, $fio.
IKO drillers, quarries, tunnels, etc., $75.
26 labor»r«<, lar::«' country <".i' l tfry, 560.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS,
j 365 laborers and teamsters, different Jobs.
/' some in San Franr-i=eo. S2, -$2 25, $2 50
day; come and set- us.
FARMS. ORCHARDS, ETC.
65 g<>n<?ral ranch hands f:5O, $35, $40 fd.
HARVEST AND HAY-BALING IiELP.
30 rren. different positions, $1 50, $2 and
$2 50 day and fuund.
12 hay-balers, different places, 15c, lCc, 25c
ton.
CHORE MEN AND BOYS.
67 men and boys lor chores, $15, $20, $23, $30
and fcund.
3 coachmen. 2 gardeners, $40 and found
DAIRYMEN.
20 rr.llk-rrs, butter and cheese makers, $30
$::5 $W and found.
FREE TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
3C5 laborers, fare paid; you'll suit, $35, 540.
$15 and found.
126 experlennol woodsmen, millmen. from
piling lumber to manager of mills and
w^od?. f^s. $10. ?50, SOO. $70. $SO, $90,
$125 month and found: come and see us.
STABLEMEN.
2C, stabi?nv>n. different jobs. $35 and found
to ?<o. $75.
MURRAY _ READY, C 34-636 Clay st.
A— GREAT POWER COMPANY. \u25a0 \u25a0
FREE FARE.
BOTH WAYS
?.' laborers, water dam, $67 50.
Steady Job year round: boss at our office
MURRAY & READY. C34-CTO Clay st.
COOKS COOKS. COOKS
4f cooks, different places, $90 $75 $50 $40
and found. ' '
WAITERS. WAITERS. WAITERS.
2fi waiters, different places, $45. $40 $30 $25
and found.
DISHWASHERS. PORTERS. BEDMAKEHS
315 dishwashers, different Jobs $35 $so 825
$20 and found. -- r? ~V;.7T [JJ > *~~
LAfNDUYMEN. BELLBOYS
SS laundry, all classes, $3. $2 50, $2 a day
Bell and elevator boys, different Jobs $15!
$20 and found. !
MURRAY & READY, «34-636 Clay st.
12 hay balers, 20c.. 16c., 15c. ton^
3 teamsters, haul hay, fare $1 30, $1 60 day, -
found. ' :
3 farmers for a home ranch, steady Job year
round. No. 1 Job. $30 found, fare $1
Milker. 25 cows, fare $.1. $40 found. " :
COACHMEN. ETC. - £
Private family, choreman, rare $1, $30 found
FTIUIT PICKERS. -
If you can eat fruit, you can pick fruit. ]
HELP WAXTED — MALE — Continued.
LEARN telegraphy and H. H. accuunting; $SU
to Stnu r<?r month salary paid our gratluat^s;
our six schools- Indorsed by all railroads: day
and evenlnK session; apply for catalogue.
Morse School of Telegraphy, 2l> O'Farrrli »t.
AN enjoyable, profitable outlng;"plck hops In
Augtitt: speclsil rate tickets now ready;
ccmr early as only a limited number can be
sold. E. CLEMENS HOftST CO.. 122 Bat-
tery st. ,
WANTED— Solicitors to kpII watches, dia-
monds and JewHlry on installment plan; $10
to $15 easiiy made. Call rooms 15 and Hi,
750 Market st.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
poslofflce. custom-house, bookkeeper and other
government |x>sllions; particulars free. Pa-
cific Correspondence Institute, I<JOS Market
MEN to learn the barber trade; 8 weeks com-
pletes; positions guaranteed; wages earned
while learning: call or write. Gltlman's Har-
ber Collepe, U27 Cloy at., near Montgomery.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Hou^e.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 2."c to srtc per night.
! WANTED— Pupils' to learn cutting and deslgn-
I Ins of men's garments. School of Practical
j cutting 91 1> Market St.. room 50.
j WANTED— Men to fill .".00 rooms at 20c per
nlsht: clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric ll«rht In every room. CSI Howard, nr. :sd.
MEN to learn barber trade In S weeks; sit.
guar. ; tuition earned while learning. Moler"3
System of Colleges, R42-R44 Clay st.
MEN to learn barber trade: situations guaran-
teed. S. F. Barber College, 741 Howard st.
j CYLINDER press feeder. 520 Market st.
; WANTED — Good railroad telegraph operators.
j Apply 223 Powell st., room 1.
! SAILORS, ordinary seamen, for Sound, *outh
coast. New York, Europe. Lane's, 501 Davis.
FIHST-CLASS merchant tailor's cutter want-
*d. Apply box 8044. Call office. \u25a0
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullia, r. 40. Phelan bid.
t Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
MEN to ko on Khips to Australian and other
ports. At HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart at.
MEN Wanted at 105 od st., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mm., 75c
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment t^o.. 40 2d St.. r. 522.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackaon st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., nr. Mar-
ket— 7oo rooms; 35c night: reading rooms;
free bua and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received a:
I Call braach office, cor. Duncan _ Church sts.
A BRANCH orflce of The Call for the recey-
tion t>f advertisements and subscriptions has*
been ooeried at lOCS Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until. 11 p. m.
\u25a0\u25a0 .' SALESMEN WANTED x -
WANTED — Salesmen to sell KINLOCH
HOUSE PAINT and F. T. A. ROOF &
IKON PAINT to stores: experience unneces-
sary; excellent side lines: no samples. Pa-
cific Distributing Co., 31tt Sacramento st.,
San Francisco. Cal. '
SOLICITORS.
ENERGETIC young men of good address to
introduce first-class proposition: liberal com-
mission. Apply 628-029 Starr King building;
10 to 13 ro. \u25a0 '
WANTED — 6 parties with $&)W each to Invest
in established manufacturing business to in-
crease output; large profits. Box SOSO, Call.
INVALID CHAIR?.
1 SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturer of the
Eamcs tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.: tel. Park 775.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgmy.
FIVE sunny rooms and bath; all modern Im-
provements ; rentn t $20. * -12 *A Fourteenth st. ;
near Howard. ..,'--.'.. > .
BUCHANAN. 2018, near California— Elegant
residence; 9- rooms and : bath;, rent |40. '.
BROADWAY, 1U32,' near/L-guna — 8 rooms,
bath, laundry; floe marine view; $10.
I .MEDICAL,
DR. G W. O' DON NELL— Ladles, all who ar*
sick or In trouWt*. consult this specialist on
(<»:>talfc complaints; positively corrected; th*
ur.rortur.au? t»lp*d; the most difficult ca^ea
treated; «very i-a* tak*n; Immediate relief;
no poisoninn drugs; low fees: my methods
will cure ail cates ot irregularity; consult
me; sa\e time and money; advice free,. Offica
UMh .Market ?t. ; hours 9 a. m. till i) p. m.
MltS. DR. WYETIJ.- specialist for all remal*
complaints anil irregularities; Instant relief
Ruarunteed; Uij years' experience. iH-i tost st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles «nd irregularities; instant re-
lief J. Office hours !» to 3. sunilay
10 «'. 2 ltir.s'i M.irket st., opposite Filth.
WOMEN'S di3ease,s an-J irresu'ariti-s cured in
24 hours; VJ years' expertence without a fail-
ure: no trifling: strictly private; elite patron-
age only. Dr. Sylvester's office. IUOC Market.
DKS. GOODWIN'S herh treatment: reliable,
safe, prompt, for female Irregularities: relief
or no fee; $10; hrs. tt-8. $30 Mkt. st.. suite- 37
| DR C. C. ODONNKLL — Orflce and resldenc*
I 1«J21 *•_ Market st.. bet. tith and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
A— MRS. DR. OWYKR. SllA Leav^nworth St..
het. Geary and O'Karre'l. Phone East (597.
DR. and MRS. DAVIKS and Hindo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 112H Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 11)33 Folsom it., corner
Twenty-sixth: ladles, relief or no f<f: SlO
BIISCELLA.XEOUS — FOH SALE.
SECOND-HAND water pipes that will stand
pressure in lencths of rrom 12 to 20 feet.
rvith all couplings (new) ar.d recut threa.ls,
covered with parafflne paint, ready to us».
I In.. 3V-C ft.; IV' In., tic ft. : 2 In.. 8c ft.
_X In., 10c ft.; 3 in., 12V,c ft.. 3^ In.. 15c ft.
4 in.. 19c per ft.; 5 In.. _4c ft; S In.. 30c ft.
To avoid unnecessary correspondence w<»
will say that this Is all right and guaran-
teed ; send money by Weils, Fargo & Co."»
Express or mail order.
H. 3 WHITE MACHINERY COMPANY.
Office. 130 Beale it.. S. F.
2D-HAND machinery, engines. Dollars, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., eic. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MACHY CO.. 130-132 BeaU at.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont et.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fix-
tures; ?heap f.rWs. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. C.'S Mission St.. S. F.
LARGEST stock in city; second-hand belting,
also planlng-mlll machinery, engines, bolltira
and electrical machinery. JOHNSON «<=
HORAN. «02 Third st.
ALL kinds of second-hand machinery, boiler*,
engines, shafting and pulleys bought an«l
sold. ARMSTRONG _ CO.. 803 Market St.;
phone South X 7.
A— BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 336 Main at.
A — GENT'S full dress suits to rent. J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton at., second floor.
CALL route for sale. Inquire Call office.
$200 — FOOT roll top desks for tale, cheap at
factory. 310 Fifth st.
SCHOOL books bought and exchanged.
KING'S Old Book Store. 61 McAllister st.
MILES of pipe and flttin«s. all sizes, cheap.
EUGENE KILEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo St.
A VERY fine 25-stone lady's diamond studd»<i
locket at a bargain. 10 Sixth st.
TWO merry-fro-rounds- one miniature railway.
PACIOALI'PI. SO5 Kearny st.
HIGH Kratit 2d-hand office safe and wagon
scale. P.\RCELI«S SAFE CO.. 218 California.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st.
ID-HAND bldpr. material: lumber, door. sa>h,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1807 Market.
MOVING pictures, maiyic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. CI'LLARD & BRECK. 131 Post ?'..
MISCELLANEOUS WAATS.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. T«l. Davis 523. 630 Sacramento.
DIAMONDS, etc.. bought ror cash. Karl Eb--r
& Co.. 4PO-401 AJams bldg.. 20« Kearny st.
.BUILDINGS nntl building material bought. Triu
Dolan Co., U;t/I Market *t. ; phone Jessie 2921.
MPSETDMS.
DR. LIERIG STAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
moved to U"2'l Market St.. near Sixth.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
TWO new. light stores SSxSO. fine basement;
best block on Devisadero St.. bet. Oak and
Pag*!: reasonable rent. Apply on premises.
VAN NESS aye.. 31— Large, front suite wltrt
running? water; suitable for doctor or denti.U.
PERSONALS.
A— STPERFLI-'GI'S hair permanently removal
without pain or scar by th? electric needle.
the only pcatttTt means: removal of fa--i.il
warts, moles and pJniples by special new
French method; trial treatment free; export
operators: half Ne-.v York prices: hours 10 :\u25a0>
I a Dr. E. C. BURTZER. 210 Powell St.. cor.
\u25a0 O'Farrell. mem 24; take elevator.
__ _ _______________
Superfluous hair permanently removed by
my newest Parisian remedy. 1 prepare "»
scientific treatment for each individual case
specially; no electric needle, no Injury to in*
skin, no tain, no acids.
MERVEILLEAUX CO..
P. O. Hex L"_"». San Francisco. i^
LAOIES. attention — Two competent lad!e«,
pupils of Delsarte and Mme. Priest, will
take a limited number of ladles, wishing to
reduce th-ir superfluous Sesh; full informa-
tion. Call 1225 Geary St., first floor. or
phone E.nst -Wfil.
• • "W-A-T-C-H F-O-R" • •
* "REXRAPIO'S" ine\t> Sunday's Ads. •
"REXRADIO." the worlds ONLY and phe-
nomenal h'd RADIUS! healer; hours 2 to S.
T>tt» Kearny, ?ulte 2. «tc.
AT less than cost: uncalled for suits. ov«»r-
;-cats an iltrouscrs at CHARLES LYONS'
London Tailor. 7-1 Market st.
STAR hair remedy, tonic, restores color. cur?»
dandruff, stops falling; drusrsists. halrd>s»-
»r«:. Star Rrmr.!y Ob.. 821 Poik st.
NOTHING <lown. *1 a wek to k j ep *7iT
dressed. IVr-rless Tailoring Co.. _U1 Post st.
S BRAND n*w taiinr-made men's suits, mm S {
$2.">. for $'* 75. -Wo Hush, nr. California Hot*!*
50 ASSORTED souvenir p.-.stal carlj prepaid
.Vie. BACIGALUPI. 7HC Mission St.
$1 A WEEK: suits to ord»r $1o up. LFTMOS.
1127 Market st.. between Seventh A Eishth.
MASQI'ERAIiE c^srum s. play hooks. wt.<s,"
country ontrrs. OOLDSTIIJN & CO., 7.:.": MVt.
lIUMXESS rEXtSCCVAUk
REMOVAL— The Golden West Broom Factory
has moved from H'W Clay st. to 723 farm*
street, above Kearny.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEOXH,
REMOVED— DR. WOSo" HIM. herb ~ doctcV."'
treats all dt"=rase3 of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason at., now 10.
cated at Cb'7 O«ar» st.. near Leavenworth.
AVONG won. the f»nwaa herb doctor — Ail UN-
cases cured by Chinese herbs. 7-KJ-.3 Clay -t.
IMLES CtRED.
PILES. FISTULA, etc.— Cured to stay cureJ;
only humane cure; no knife, danger or hJni-
rar.ee to business; 7COO cured: why nr,t yea?
no calve proposition: invest'sate. THOSIAS
J. KISNER. M. P.. ColumNari bldg.. S F
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented- U. S. and foreieri
patent la.v. F. P. MEDINA. 532 Market st
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for miscellaneous vuppljea for
conatructlcn and repairs — Depot Quartermas-
ter's ofnc*. 30 New Montgomery st., San
Francisco. Cal.. August 10. lut'S. Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, sub'ect to the usual
conditions, wiU be received at this offlca
until 5 o'clock o. m. Friday. August 25.
11SC5. Pacific standard time, and then opened.
for furnishing hardware, muriatic acid, paint
brushes, c&rbotlneum. chees 1 cloth, panej of
gliss. glue. lir:?eed oil. paints, potty, resin,
stildcr. tteel sheets. The United States re-
servf-s th» right to accept cr reject any or
all bids or any r>art thereof. Information
anil blank proposals will b« furnished on
application. Envelopes containing proposals
t«. be marked: "Proposal No. C2SS. to be
opened August 25. 19C.">." and addressed, to
MAJOR C. A. DEVOL. Qr. Mr.. V. 3. A..
D»pct Quartermaster.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. t
Smith Premier, $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals. *2 50. The.
Typewriter Exchange. s::b California st.
"D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired. ~'
Wubster Typewriting Inapec Co.. 308 Market.
Cuntl—uetl on .'__;_ 1_
TO MARKET." IT IS THE ROAD TO MARKET
This Handled Olive Dish is five inches across the bowl, with handle
an inch and a half extended from body. The. pattern is the most popular
used in any of the Near Cut Glass ware, and the general effect is highly
\u25a0v
pleasing, the quality of the glass being unusually clear and deep cut.
Free to Any Person Presenting a Small Ad
Thursday, Friday or Saturday
No Ads for Sunday Call Received Later Than 9 O'clock Saturday Night*
I CALL BUSINESS OFFICE OAKLAND OFFICE 1
Third and Market Sts. 1016 Broadwaythe city for Chicago in a day or two
to ; attend the Supreme Court of For
esters. On his return he will join the
Governor at the Portland fair, on Ca f!
fornia'day. September 9. *"«»,,
Mr and Mrs. Jesse E. Marks and Mr
and Mrs. George H. Clark and son will
leave San Francisco Saturday to vTsif
the Portland fair and the Northwwt
country. ««rww«K
ARRIVED.
Friday, August 10.
Btmr Navarre. Jacobs. SO hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 30 hours from Monterey
and way DOrts.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 10 hours from Monte
rei ' SAILED.
, Friday. August 10.
Stmr Coquille River. Olsen. Tlllamook.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr George
Lootnis. hence Auk 8.
Sailed Augr IX) — Stmr Vanguard and stmr
George Loomis, for San Francisco.
WINSLOW— SaiIed Aug 10— Schr J. M. Col
man, for . Everett.
PORT HLAKBLEY— SaiIed Augr 10— Schr
Forest Home, for San Pedro.
TATOOSH — Passed out Aue 10 — Br stmr
Dumbarton, from Comox. for San Francisco.
Passed In Aug 10-!-Stmr City of Puebla.
hence Aug 8, for Seattle.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Aug 10— Schr
Beulah. from San . Pedro.
• ABERDEEN— Arrived Aug 10— Schr E. B.
Jackson, from Panama; schr Sailor Boy, hence
July 25.
Sailed Aug 10 — Stmr Norwood, for San Fran
cisco; bktn Gleaner, for Santa Rosalia.
\ FOREIGN PORT." .
VICTORIA— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr City of
Puebla, hence Aue S.-
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
The league also passed a resolution
requesting the Board of Supervisors to
see that plans and specifications be
completed and contracts immediately
let for the construction of the Geary
street railway.
The league adopted resolutions ap
proving: the action of the Board of Su
pervisors of this city In congratulating
the city of Los Angeles upon acquiring
the rights to utilize the waters of
Owens River for providing for Los An
geles a municipal supply.
The Municipal Ownership League of
San Francisco held a meeting on Wei
nesday evening at Social Hall. 121 Eddy
street.
Adopts Resolutions Requesting Board ot
Supervisors t«» Resin Construc
tion of Geary-street Road.
MUNICIPAL OWNERSHIP
LEAGUE HOLDS .MEETING
The reception committee will consist
of the presidents of the different Irish
societies. Everything points to a very
successful festival. m "^
Feature- of the Outing Will Re- Tus-of.
War for Trophy Presented by
The Csll.
The executive committee for the Cel
tic Union festival to be held at Shell
Mound Park. Berkeley, on Admission .
day. Saturday, September !>, met in th#^
rooms of the society in the Parrott
building last night. There was a large
attendance, all the Irish societies of the
city being represented. Jeremiah Deasy
presided and there were present John
Mulhern, Edward Hogan, Miss Jose
phine Dillon. T. P. O'Dowd, Thomas
Doyle, Captain T. J. Mellott, 1L Merl
gan, Thomas Searey, B. J. Sylver and
J. D. Condon, chairmen of committees.
The report from the games commit
tee was very satisfactory. The pro
gramme Is an excellent one. A feature
that Is attracting great Interest Is the
tug-of-war for The Call trophy by the
teams from the Hibernians. This was
postponed from the Ancient Order pic
nic of July 4 and the original games*
committee will have charge of It. Di
visions No. 4, 5, 9, 10 and 12 will have
teams and the contest will be a very
exciting one.
In the races the different colleges
will be represented. The mile relay
race will be by runners from the Em
met. Emerald. Wolfe Tone, Powell. Mc-
Briae and Independence clubs. There
will be a hot race of one mile between
Glarner, the champion of this coast,
and Connolly, the Irish runner. Wil
liam Minahan and D. Buckley will have
a special contest in the 56-pound
weight throwing. These events will all
be for valuable cash prizes.
Cash prizes will also be given for
Gaelic dancing and a special committee.
Captain Mellott. B. J. Sylver. J. J.
Crowe, Miss Durkin and Miss Xorah
McCarthy, was given full power to ar
range a suitable programme.
CELTIC UNION COMMITTEE
IS PREPARING FOR PICNIC
The United Railroads was directed to
repair its tracks at KVAs and Stockton
streets. The City Attorney was re
quested for an opinion as i.o whether
the corporation is not liable for street
repairs where there are abandoned
raiis.
The board directed that sand blasting
operations on a Market-street building
cease, on the ground that it is a nui
sance.
The firm cf Mosher Bros, was the
sole bidder for oiling the roadway of
Fulton street, from First to Twelfth
avenue. Its bid was 4 cents per squar*
yard.
The awards of contract for all the
work described will be made next
Wednesday.
Bids were ordered invited for the
construction of four new safety sta
tions on Market street, for which
$3250 is available, and for installing an
oil-burning plant in the Hall of Jus
tice.
The Board of Public Works yester
day opened bids for the construction of
the aDDroach to the new Third-street
bridge, crossing Channel street, -with
concrete and ballasted roadv.-ay. The
lowest bidder is Healy. Tibbitts & Co.
Bids were also opened for the re
moval of the blufT 0:1 the school lot at
Twentieth and Kentucky streets, tha
lowest bidder being Fru.nk Simonart, at
52*4 cents per cubic yard.
There were two tie bids for grading
Fuiron street from First to TwelftU
avenue, at o^4 cents per square foot of
street surface.
Works Board Invites Pro
posal? for Four New
. * Safety Stations.
Charles and Tillie Adams (wife) to Temple
and Prlscllla J. Watson, lot on E line of St.
Charles street, 225 S of Railroad avenue, S
50, B 155.30. N 50. to S corner of lot 75.
W 154.40. to beginning, lot 76, Enclnal Park
Tract. Alameda: $10.
Ami Vlgnier. Mary Eisen de Reynier. and
as executors estate of Francis T. Klsen. to
Temple Watson, all Interest in same. Alameda;
810 ' . '
W. A Bansbach et al. to Charles W. Rad
ditz (single), lot on N line of Monroe (Enclnal)
avenue. 104:6^5 W of Mound street, W 52:4
by N 124:10. being E 64:4 of lots 10 to 13.
block 64, map of Stratton's survey. Alameda;
tin
Mary Hayes (widow) to M. U. Wurts, lot
on N line of Moulder avenue. 07:8 W of Dwi
ndle street, "W 86:5. N 171 ilO*?, to N bound
ary line of lot 8. E 96:5. S 160:3% to begin
ning lot S. block 7, Sta.te University Home
stead Association Xo. 3. Berkeley; $10.
Walter and Fannie E. Frear (wife) to Annie
E Lone (wife of Edward M.). lot on N lino
of Ward Btreet, 182:5% E of Telegraph or
Humboldt avenue. E 45 by X 134 :B, lot 10.
block R. Leonard Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Mary F« and Richard G. Hart (husband) to
Lucy D Bailey, lot on W line of Spring street.
110.01 N of Cedar,- N 60 by W 112. belns E
125 of lot 3. block 2. property of Berkeley
View Homestead Association, etc.. Berkeley;
|10.
Barbara M and Edmund M. Beach to Eliz
abeth B. Long (wife of Andrew\H.), lot on
NW corner of Stuart (formerly Moss) and
Grant (formerly Ralston) streets. W 120 by N
135, lot 10. block 4. State University Home
stead Association No. 3; Berkeley: $10.
Frank G. and Mlttie R. Watson <w!f«>) to
George C. Nail, re-record 1026, D. 109. on X
line of IVlaware street. 90 — of Intersection,
with E. Hamilton or McGee. N 135:4 H. B 40.
S 135 -4^ to N ltne of Delaware street. W 40
to beginning, being: E 30 feet of lot 6 and W
10 feet of lot 7, block 3. State University
Homestead Association No. 4. Berkeley; $10
Sarah Joyce et al. to John Stewart, all In
terests In lots 3 to 12. block E. redtvlslon map
of portion of Brumaglm Tract. W of Shat
tuck avenue. Oakland; $1B*"»O
Wlckham and Florence W. Havens to Jane
E. Stratton (single), lots 66 and 67. amended
map of Alta Piedmont Tract: also portion of
lot 10, block D. map of Central Piedmont
Tract which lies N of llm parallel to and dis
tant at right angle 10 feet N* from S boundary
of said lot 10: also portion of lot 11. block D.
same map which lies S of line parallel to and
distant at right angle. 10 feet N from S
boundary of said lot 11, Oakland Township;
$10.
Elsie Goldman (single) to Rosa C. Harri
son, lot on X line of Eunice street. 134.83 E of
Spruce. E 44 by X 100. lot 'M. block F. map
of Tuohy's Second Addition to Berkeley. Oak
land Township: ?10.
Savings and Loan Society to The Realty
Syndicate lots 5 and C. block I* Thermal Hill,
formerly Howe Tract, Oakland; $10.
Joseph T. and Paulena Hinch (wife) to Wil
liam Roche, lot ie, Santa Fe Tract No. 12.
Oakland: $10
x William T. and Sarah B. Harris (wife) to J.
H. Durst, lot on S line of El Dorado avenue.
375 W of Bayo Vista avenue. W 100 by S 125.
lots 38 and 39. block F. i map 2, Linda Vista
terrace. Oakland: $10.
Albert H. and LUszie E. Rlehn to G. W.
Mitchell, lot on S line of Seward street. 157
W of Campbell. W 33 by S 80. block 700.
Boardman's map. Oakland; $10.
Elizabeth H. Spear (widow) to Henry Kell
in2. lot on W line of Fifth street. 151:3- S of
A'.lston way. S 50 by W 125. lot 7, block 114.
Tract B. Berkeley L. and T. I. Association.
Berkeley; ?10.
George B. Clark to Isabel Clark (wife), lot
E, block 17, Alameda Park Homestead, Ala
meda; cift.
Albert F. and Mary Connett (wife) to Clar
ice Trussler (widow), lot on E line of "We3t
Tenth street, N 'M — . N 33 by E 110, being N
14 feet of lot 2 and S 19 feet of lot 3. block
C, Major Given Tract. Oakland; $10.
Fred B. and Elizabeth H. Taylor (wife) to
Rolltn S. Collins, lot 27. block B, Oakland
View Homestead Association, portion of Wals
worth Tract. 100 acres. Oakland; $ll>.
Charles F. Rkkley (single) to John W.
Rickley, lot on W line of Grove street. 164 N
of Twenty-eighth. W HX) by N 4. portion of lot
16, block D. Whltcher and Brochurst Tract.
Oakland: SIU.
Moses and Sarah R. Samuel (wife) to Mary
Buckley, lots 1. 14, 15 and 16. block B, San
fort! Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
The Realty Syndicate to Lizzie Isaacs (mar
ried), E 55 feet of lots 1 and 2. block 8. Mc-
Gee Tract, portion of piat 67, Kellers burger's
survey. Berkeley; $10.
Sam e to Delia 11. Booth (widow), lot 14.
block 5. Matthews Tract, B-rkeley; 510.
Same to same lots 24 and 25, block 19,
same, Berkeley; $10.
Same to Farquhar Mcßae (married) lot 12,
block 11. same. Berkeley; $10.
Pacific Surety Company (corporation) to H.
H. McKissick. lot on W line of Chestnut
street, 101 S of West, Eighteenth. S 35 by W
120, block 507, Boardrnan's map.) Oakland: $lt>.
H. H. McKissick (single) to U. H. and Coral
L. A. Cofcb (wife), same. Oakland: Sio.
Joseph T. and Paulena Hinch (wife) to Jo
seph Lamoure. lot on N line of Seventh street,
137:6 XV of Brush. W 37 :« by N 100, lot 28
and \V one-half of lot 25, block IK), Kelleraber
gei's map, Oakland; $10.
Tract 1, said property being on X line o£
Thirty-ninth street, 22«:8 E of Grove, then^a
W 2ti:S by N 100, being W portion of SE one
lourth ot Jot 15, aforesaid, Oakland; $10.
Holcomb, Breed & Bancroft to Frances H.
Tweedie (widowj, lot 24. block C, Santa Fe
Tract No. U. Oakland; 510.
Same to Edna D. Corvell (wife of E. L-), lot
22, block C, same, Oakland; $10.
EECEIYES BIDS FOE
3IANY IMPROVEMENTS
Clara L. Tarbox. formerly Miss Clara
L. Atkins of Alameda, brought suit yes
terday for absolute divoice from Benja
min L. Tarbox, for many years associat
ed with E. E. Parker in conducting the
Reception Cafe at 206 Sutter street. The
charges in the complaint range from in
temperance to cruelty and recite many
particular instances of each. The plain
tiff also eeeks to have the Donohoe Kelly
Banking Company and E. E. Parker of
the linn restrained from disposing of
1600 that the firm has on deposit until
the conclusion of the suit.
Mrs. Tarbox alleges that on many oc
casions Tarbox would humiliate her in
public by appearing in an intoxicated
condition and particularly while the
couple were staying at the Hotel Bertel
ing. She claims her. husband appeared
in the dining-room there several times in
that condition.
Another time, while the couple were
living at 1710 Page street, she alleges that
he returned home intoxicated, abused her
and tore her garments, at the same time
choking her. Another instance is re
cited, when it is alleged that Tarbox lay
prostrate on a public street of Alameda
and was conveyed by a policeman to his
mother-in-law's home, where he roundly
abused her.
Judge Murasky yesterday granted an
interlocutory decree of divorce to John
Goeppner from Addle Goeppner on the
ground of desertion and awarded the cus
tody of their four cnildren, two boys and
two girls, to the father. Judge Kerrigan
awarded interlocutory decrees to Mary
Kauffman from Bert Kauffman and Man
on A. Ferguson from Alexander Ferguson
on the cround of desertion.
The following divorce complaints were
filed yesterday: Mary from Frank Sil
vester, alleged failure to provide; Fred V.
Metcalf from Ida May Metcalf. charging
desertion; Kate S. from Henry D. Fox,
failure to provide; Catherine M. from
John A. Cahlll, desertion; Emilie from
Henry Van Cortebeck. dtsertion.
Ellen 1a Biascochea filed a suit against
Emilio Lavin for damage* for breach of
promise.
At a largely attended meeting in tha
Youth's Directory last night a series of
entertainments to conclude with a fair
was arranged for the coming months, tha
proceeds to be used to pay the debt of
$65,000 standing on the Directory school
farm at Rutherford, Napa County.
- Father' Crowley was the originator oz
the novel venture to take the boys off tha
streets and instruct thorn in the science
of agriculture, and as the funds for main
tenance are derived from charity, a
strong appeal to the generous public is
made.
President James R. Kelly of the Hl
bernia Bank Is chairman of the flnanca
committee. He reported progress. Th»
ladies of the booths which are to be held
In the fair were enthusiastic over tha
outcome. The fair will be held during
the first week of October, the place to b»
arranged later. Meantime the following
preliminary entertainments will be given
for the benefit of the various booths:
St. Patrick's booth will give an "at
home" on August 13 at the residence of;
Mrs. O. H. Berge. 909 Broadway; Caroell
booth will give an entertainment and *
dance on August 26 in the Japanese Tea
Gardens. H street, between Seventh and
Eighth avenues: Sacred Heart booth will
give a vaudeville entertainment Septem
ber 5 in the auditorium of the Youth's
Directory. 3561 Nineteenth street; an "at
home" will b© given for the benefit of
Carnell booth on September 14 at tha
residence of Mrs. M. C. Gorham. 51 San
chez street.
A benefit game of baseball has been ar
ranged between the Police and Fire de
partments to take place Sunday morning.
September 3, at Recreation Park. Tickets
have been distributed to the members of
both departments and they will assist in
the viork of paying the debt. In addition
a "high tea" will be given on August 23
at the residence of Mrs. Henry Ottens, *
7U9 Fifth avenue. San Rafael, the proceeds
going into the general fund.
Holcomb, Breed & Bancroft to Louise Endi
cott (widow), lots 13 to 17, block C, Santa
F« Tract Xo. 9. deed and agreement. Oakland;
$10. .
Same to Jessie K. Chester (widow), lot 4,
block- D, same, Oakland; 510. .
Same to Eugenia W. Turner (wife of R, C.),
lots 5 to 7. blockD, same, Oakland: $10.
Harlow- P. Bancroft to Jessie X.' Chester
(widow), lot 1, Santa Fe Tract No. 7. Oakland;
$10. :-• ..
Gunerius Sorensen to Gure G. Sorensen
(wife), lot on N line " of Thirty-ninth street,
13 :4 W from SE corner of lot 15, Montgomery
Annie Brick (owner) with Cameron & Dlss
ton (contractors), architect Maxwell G. Bug
bee — All work except plumbing and sewer
work, painters' work, shades, gaa and electric
fixtures and electricians* work for two frame
cottages on S line of Carl street, 204:8 E of
Cole. E 50. S 123:7%. W 50:0% to point
121:7% S from beginning. N to beginning.
(Description in bond reads S line of Carl street,
204:8 E of Cole, S 121:7% by E 60); $5000.
Anna K. and Henry Hock (owners) with H.
T. Grieb (contractor), architects Copeland and
Pierce and W. O. Banks — Carpenter and mill
work, lumber, stairs, lathing and plastering,
glass, glazing, electric work, tinning and gal
vanized iron for a three-story frame, with
brick foundation (three flats), on N line of
Turk street, 51:9 E of Webster. E 26 by N
120; 56550. . .
Dr. J. D. Hodgen (owner) with A. S. Ruch
(contractor), architects Sutton & Weeks — Al*
work for a. two-story attic and basement, briclt
and frame residence, on N line of Clay etreet,
137:6 W of Maple, W 67:6. X 137:4 29.105, E
68:1 4.11, S 128:4%: $9035.
Alaineda . County.
Armand Plcnra (owner) with A. M. Wallen
(contractor), architect M. J. Welsh — All work
for a three-etory. frame building: (six flats) on
S line of Pacific strett, 104:8 W of .Tones, W
32:10 by S 90; $8400.
Victor J. Gulnasso (owner) with Henry Con
rad (contractor), architect J. A. Porporato—
All work except painting, plumbing, finish,
hardware, mantels, gravel roof, shades and
chandeliers', excavation and concrete work for
a three-Etory and basement frame (three flats)
on N line of North Point street. 137:6 E of
Larkln. E3oby N 1.37:6; $6000. . - .
William Ede Company (owners) with Rich
ard Fahy (contractor), architect William
Knowles— All work for a two-story brick
building on the N line of Erie street, 170 E
of Mission. E 100 by N JK>; $7594.
J. J. Moore (owner) with John Macßaln
(contractor), architects B11k« & Faville — Brick
work, basement floor and sidewalks, carpentry,
concrete, excavating and shoring, electric wir
ing and fixtures, glazing, granite hardware,
marble, ornamental iron, plastering, painting,
plumbing, roofing, steel and iron, sandstone
sidewalk, lights, skylight*, steam . heating, for
a seven-story brick bullying on N line of Post
street. . 60 W of Taylor, W 40:6 by N 60:
$51,100.
Builders' Contract.*.
Jos=t)h C Duncan (by Thomas Desmond,
late Sheriff) to Judscn Estate Company, lota
"rt to 2« Work 302. O'Neill & Haley Tract; $10.
Samuel Kppsteln to Genrere M. Perine. lot 2.
block lßfi. South San Francisco Homestead and
Railroad "Association; $10. _
Fare? to J. T. Bloomfield, lot 2, block 151,
same: SlO.
Same to Oscar R. W. Krenz, lot on SW
line of Thirteenth avsnue. 25 KE of M street,
SK .10 by SW 100. block 2(17. same; $10.
Lucius I- Solomons to William Hale,' lots
2irtS to 2140. Gift Map No. 4; ?10.
William Hale to Alfred D. Bowfn, lots 2138
to 2140. same: $10.
Marparet Qulnn to James and Margaret
Quinn lot on X line of Vernon street. 100 S
of Randolph. S 7. r . by E 100. lots 22 to 24.
blork 26. cltv land; $10.
William C Ralsch to Anna r>. Joost. lot on
X line of Thornton street, 400 N of Sherman.
N ">0 by E ICO. lots 21 and 22. block 4, same:
$10.
Jj Ducas Company (corporation) to Otto L.
Krenz. lot on S corner of Thirteenth avenue
arcl M street. SE 25 hy SW 100. block 267.
South San Francisco Homestead : $10.
California Investment and F. Company to
John Sulz undivided half of lot on NE line
of Harrington street. 200 N\V of Mission. NW
75 by NE 100. block 4. Academy Tract: ?500.
I.illie and Maurice T... Asher to same, un
divided half of same lot: SlO.
Anni^ I*. jAKkcn to same, same, quitclaim
de»d: $10.-
Anna .Toost (wife of Behrend) to Matthew
anil James P. Sheridan, lot 2S, block 8. sub
division 1. Mnuntnln Sprinp property: $10.
Frank Rockford to Jenit E. Rockford, lot
on S line of Faith stre-t. ICO E of Brewster,
B 2". by S 05 lot 175-t. Gift Map No. 3; gift
Same to same, lot on W line of Thirty
eighth avenue. 225 S of W street. S 25 by W
120; ?10.
.7. P. and Jessie E. L* Fevre to Thomas
Dunning, lot on S line of X street. 200 W of
TlHrty-ninth avenue. W 125 by S 123:11; $10.
R. P. Julian to William Kayhlll, lots 23 and
20. block C. Park I^ane; $10.
r.lary A. Miner to Louis Hofman, rerecord
1740 D 1"2, lot on "W line or Thirty-fourth
avenue 225 S of U street, S 50 by W 120;
$10.
Sumc to Estelle Morrison. lot on E line
of Forty-third avenu?, ICO N' of V street, N
50 by E 120; $10.
James R. and Elizabeth M'ddleton to John
and Catherine A. Taylor, lot on E line of
Twenty-seventh avenue, 325 X of R street, N
2r> by E 120; $10.
John Frace to Margaret MeKenzle. lot on
S line of R street. 57:0 E of Thtrty-nlnth ave
nue. E 25 by S 100; 510.
George H. and Mary G. Buckingham to Ar
thur H. Denny, lot on N line of P street. 32:6
E of Twenty-seventh. E 25 by N 100: $10.
William Plagemann to Oscar Heyman, lot
on NW line of Forty-fourth avenue and N
Ftreet W 240. N 475. E 120. X 2u. W 120. N
100. X 207:6, S 100. E 32:6. S 500; $10.
Meyer and Fanny Jacobson to William
Plagemann. lot on XW line of Forty-fourth
avenue and X street, W 240, X 6lX>, E 207:6.
S IPO. E 32: C, S 500; $10.
J. W". Wright & Sons Investment Compan
to Samuel Zimmerman, lot on E line of Thir
ty-first avenue. 200 N of M street. N "5 by E
120; also lot on NE line of Thirty-first avenue
and XI street. N 100 by E 52:6; §10..
Earl M. and Catherine M. Robltsch»r to Sol
omon Getz, lot on S line of I street. X2:G E of
Forty-sixth avenue, E 25 by S 1O>: $10
Aurelius E. and Rose A. Buckingham to J.
W. Wright & Sons Investment Company, lot
on W line of Twenty-fifth avenue, 125 X of B
street. X 35 by W 120; $10.
Carrie E. and Henry S. Bridge to James
Brown lot on NE line of Twenty-sixth avenue
and B street. E 75 by X 125: $10.
Frederick S. and Sarah M. Samuels to Ade
laide M. Crowell, lot on E line of Twenty-sec
ond avenue. 175 S of A street, E 120 by S 2o;
Cift.
Antoine and Gracie Borel to Paul Hantz
sche, lot on W line of Thirtieth avenue, 275 N
of Point Lobos avenue, X 25 by W 120: $10.
Anna J. Goertz (Witte) to Lucius L. Solo
mons, lot on W line of Georgia street, 200 X
of Sierra, N 20 by E 100; $10.
City and County Investment Association, Lu
cius L. and Helen F. Solomona to John Ryan,
lot on V.' line of Georgia street. 200 X of
Twenty-second. X 20 by W 100; $10.
Henry J. Crocker land as trustee) to E. and
Aline Lourdeaux, lot on W line of Kansas
street. 07 S of Nineteenth. S 25 by W ICO; «10.
Henry J. Crocker (and as trustee) to John
Kruhning and Jacob Stack, lot on W line of
Kansas street. 122 S of Nineteenth, S 25 by \V
100: SIO.
Joubert Company to Joseph M. Macdonough,
lot on E corner of Fourth and Sliver etreeta.
SE 30 by NE 75: SlO.
Annie L. Shine to Daniel J. Shine lot on
XW line of Kreelon street. 175 XE of' Fourth,
KB 25 by XW SO; also lot 0:1 SW corner of
Twenty-sixth and Guerrero street?, S 2S W
103. XE to point opposite beginning, E 68:7U;
$10.
Gottlieb Zeh to Amanda Zeh lot on SE
cori^r of Dupont and Union streets, S 6S:!)
by E 90; gift.
L. H. and Lizzie Sly to Louis Friedlander,
lot on SE line of Market street, 43:10 NE
of Main. XE 45:10 by SE 137:6; $10.
Estate of Mary Bailey (by Byron Bailey Jr..
Ella Gantt and Susie Finn, administrators) to
Caroline Sharp, iot on XW line of Tehama
street. SO XE of Third. X'E L's by NW 80;
$6500.
A. F. and Mary jT. Morrison to Anton
Michalitschke. lot on XE corner of Clay and
Battery street. E 46:10 by N 45:10; $10.
Mary and John Grace to Elizabeth McGov
ern. lot on N line of Twenty-fifth street, 100
\V of Fair Oaks, W '25 by N 110: $10.
Catherine Slevln to Thomas B. Stevln, lot
on E line of Harrison street. 156 X of Twenty
fourth. N I' 6 by E 100; gift.
\u25a0Warren' J. Irelan to Annie B. Irelan. lot
on W line of Capp street, 21)2:0 X of Twenty
flfth, N 82:« by w 115; gift.
Adolph and Anna Petry to Louis H. New
roth, lot on NW line of Market street. 24U
NE of Koe. ME 36 by Xff 115: $10.
Annie McKernan to Mary F. Mangan, lot
on S line of Seventeenth street, 260:3 E of
Sanchez, E 25 by S 100: $10
Joseph P. and Mary E. Maloney to John
Gurries, lot on E line o: Church street. 94:6
N of Sixteenth, N 25 by E 125: $10.
THURSDAY. AUGUST 10.
Fred H. and Lillian B Meyer to Charlotte
F. Clarke, lot on S line of Pine street, 105:5
W of Polk. W 50:3 by S 120; $10.
Walter L. Helse to George M. Mitchell, lot
on NE corner of Union and Laguna streets,
N CO by E 45; $10.
Charlotte F. Clarke to Fred H. Meyer, lot
on S line of California street, 137:0 E of
Buchanan, E 27:5 by S 137:6: $10.
Hannah Glynn to Christian Karaten. lot on
X line of Filbert street. 112:0 W of BUchanan,
W25 by N 120; $10.
Edith A. E. and Charles G. Lymaji to Fred
H. Meyer, lot* on S line of Pacific avenue.
107 Wot Scott street, W 29:6 by S 127 :SU:
510.
Samuel J. and Martha R. Lank to Alfred
M. Nuckolls, lot on W line of Walnut street,
52:8% N of Sacramento. N 25 by W 52; $10.
William F. and Rose M. Snyder to same,
same; $10
Daniel J. Shine to Annie L. Shine, lot on S
line of Fourteenth street, 100 W of Valencia,
W HO by S 130; $10.
REAL ESTATE 'TRANSACTION'S.
Clam L. Tarbox Charges
Husband With Intemper
ance and Cruelty.
Fattier Crowley's Venture for
Youth's Directory to {
Be Aided.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 15.
Blue Bell ... 03 05- Lone Star ... 00 —
Blue Bull ... 10 11 Lucky Star .. — 04
Brooklyn 01 02 May Queen ..20 £5
Buite Gldfld.. 46 50 Mohawk 15 20
Bull & Bear. 02 U3 Nevada Boy .. 13 —
Booth M Co. OS — Nev Goldfleld. 15 20
COD 25 — Nev Southern. 14 —
Columbia 14 15Oakes.V - — 10
Coiumbia Mt. 16 20 Oakland . — 10
Conqueror ... 15 20 Oro — 05
Diamond 10 — Pennsylvania.. 01 03
Diamondneld. 3S 41 Potlatcb 06 —
Dnidfld Trngl. -r- 18| Red Lion 03 04
Dominion ... 20 — ! Red Top 30 40
Dixie 15 18|Red Top Ex.. 01 02
Empire 0C 07 Sandstorm 60 61
Exploitation.. — 04 Sandstorm Ex. 07 19
Fawn 05 — Sherman — 25
Frisco — 111 Sliver Pick ..11 12
Gold Dust ... — OS), Pimmerone ... 20 —
Gold Hill ... — 04 St Ives 15 16
Goldfield Mm. 54 551 Treasure 07 10
Gld <fc G Reed — lOlVerda 02 04
Gldfld Rand.. 05 U6! Vernal 02 —
Ooldfleld Ton. — 05! Wonder 02 03
Great Bend .. 05 (JB|
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... $3 lOjGold Bar — 25
Amethyst — IClGldfld Bullfrog — 10
Bit: Bullfrog. 12 — iUge Harris... 02 U3
Bonnie Clare.l 35 —'Mont Bullfrog. 07 OS
Bullfrog Mm. 50 f.o Orig Bullfrog. 23 25
Bullfrog Anx. 03 01 Red Dog 12' —
Bullfrog Com C 5 OS Shoshone — 10
Bullfrog Ex.. — IH'Shoshon B Gld 25 —
Blfrg Jumper. — ll|Steinway 17 1R
BullfrgN Bk 23 24 Ventura 11 12
Den Bullfrog. — "22 Vista Grande.. — <S
Den Blfg Anx — Itt Wolverine 05 10
Eclipse 32 33|.
Other Districts.
Brown Hope.. 15 — | Paymaster ... 03 C 4
Ksperanza ... — OlJQuincy 01 03
Gold Reer M. — 251 Ray & O'Brien- 00 07
GoM Reer Ex — 2<j Rothwell — 26
Kawlch & B. — 13 Sliver Peak .. — 17
Kawich Gold. — '5 Southwestern.. — 25
Kawlch MCo — 18 Sylvanla ..... —
Llda Hawk .. 55 — Tokop Con ... — us
1 TONOPAH MIXING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
9:30 a. m. Session.
200 Andes 16! 1500 Nat Bnk, sOO. 2 1
300 Challenge ... 20|2000 Ohio 31
1500 Eclipse 33 100 Ophir 6 75
1500 Jim Butler . . 75 1000 Red Lion, b9O. C 5
500 Jumbo M Co. 70 f.CO Red Top . 39
1000 MacNamara.. ; 41 100 Ton Exten ...5 50
200 Mexican 1 :(0 1000 N Star, b 90. 61
500 Mont Ton ...3 05 300 West End...l 07%
500 Mont T0n.. 3 07' i 500 W End, s ,30.1 05
11 a. m. Session.
100 Con Va M Co.l 301 200 Sierra Nev 33
2500 Dixie 15| 400 Simmerone ... 21
2Oo<i Dixie, s 30... 15 200 Ton 81mt.530.1 20
1000 Home 06% 500 Ton Blmont.l 22U
20n0 Home Con.blo 10 1000 Ton Blmt, blO.l 2o
300 MacXamara. . 41 50 Ton EX, s 10.5 75
300 Mont Ton. .3 07^ 700, T0n Mdway.l 52»4
2000 Nat Bnk, b.'SO 24 200 Ton of Nev.l4 CO
1000 Ohio 31 200 Ton N Star... 60
2000 Sandstorm ... 59 400 Union Con 40
500 Savage 61 (
2 p. in. Session.
200 Challenge ... 1011500 Nat Bank 24
500 Diamondfield . •»n| 3000 Ohio .'. . . 31
'3000 Eclipse 33| 1000 Orig Bullfrog. 24
3500 Gt West, b 30 t'4| 200 Sierra Nev 35
I<XW> Home, b 15.. 07 2200 Ton Blmont.l 27"^
2COO Home 07| 500 Ton Belmont..l 30
7000 Home Con,b3o 10 30<) Ton Mdway.l 52V,
SCO Kendall 14 2000 Ton X Star. . . til
300 Mexican ...1 32Vj 1500 N Star, s 10. 60
2000 MacNamara. . 41 100 Ton N Star... tii
200 Mont T0n..3'12% 500 West End ...1 (J5
1000 Mont Ton ...3 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
CorostocKs,
Bld.Ask.l Bid.Ask.
Andes 15 20 Hale & Norc. — 105
Belcher ..... 12 16 Mexican 130 135
Best & Belch.l 30 — Occidental ...1 25 —
Caledonia.... 45 — Ophir 700 7 12^
Challenge ... 20 — Scorpion 08 —
Chollar — 19 Savage — 71
Con Va M Co.l 30 1 351 Sierra Nev 36 —
Con Imperial. — 01%! Silver Hi 11.... 00 —
Crown Point.. 14 — I Union C0n...".- 43 —
Exchequer ... 50 — I Yellow Jacket. 21 ' — .
Gould & Cur. 18 19;
Tonopah District.
Belmont 1 27^'— Mizpah Ex ... — 15
California ... 07 — Mont Ton ..3 07% 310
Cash Boy ... 16 IS X V Ton Con. 20 21
Gold Anchor.. 93 — Xorth Star. . . . 69 61
Great Westrn 03 .04' Ohio 30 33
Home 06% 07| Paymaster ... 02% 04
Homo Con ... 07 10 Rescue ... 07 C 9
Ind Tonopah.. 01% 02 S Nev Dev..". — 15
Jim Butler .. 70 77 Ton Exten ...5 25 —
Luc l -"" Tom... — ' 1 * Ton of Xev.l4 60 —
MacXamara.. 41 431 Inited Ton . . — 15
Midway 1 ll\i — nVest End ... — "I- 10
Goldncld District. .-.'«
Adams 04 — »»~s« Ex ... IS ?o
Austin ...... — 31 Kendall 13 14
Black Butte. . .. 24 •26 l^one Star ... — n>
Blk Butte Ex 02% — May Queen . . l'j 21
Black Rock.. 02 02% Mohawk ..... — 20
Blue Bell ... 03 \u25a0C 5 X<ev Goldfleld. 18 —
Blue Bull ... 09 13 Oakes 04 OS
Brooklyn .... 02 C 5 Oro .......... — 04'
Columbia Mt. 20 —Pa Goldfleld.. — 02
Diamond .... — 15 Red Lion : 03 06
Diawondfleld. 39 401 Red Top 38 40
Dixie .. .. 14 17|Red Top Ex.. — 04
Frisco .. — 20|St Ives 1...".. 14 16
Gldfld G Dust 05' 06 -»nr>ds>torm .:. . 58 62
Gldfld 'L Star. — ; f B' Sandstorm Ex. — 11
Goldfleld Nev. 50 571 Silver Pick ..09 11
Jumbo M Co. -68 74lSimmerone ... 21 24
Bullfrog District. ;
Amargosa ... 08 10 Lige Harris... 01% 03
Beatty Blfrg. .— 11 Mont Bullfrog. ;08 . 10
Bullfrog Anx. — 07 Orlg Bullfrog. 23 25
Tiiiurro« Bella 08 — Shoshone 10 11
ASKS DIVOKCE FEO3I
THE OWNER OF CAFE
Bullfrog Mln. 51 90 Vista Grande.. — 12
Bullfrfj N Bk 23 — Wolverine .... _. "
Eclipse 32 34
Other Districts.
Brown Hope.. 10 — Ray & O'Brien 05% OS
Esperanza . . . 00^4 01 Rothwell — 25
Free Gold ... — 15 Silver Peak ... — 21
Gold Mt Con. — 02 Ton Berkeley.. 01 02
Kawlch Gold. — 10 Ton Gold Mt. — 15
Pine Grove ..20 25
BENEFITS WILL PAY %
SCHOOL FABM DEBTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ FRIDAY, AUGUST 11, l!H>5.
14
APARTMENT IiOi;.SES— -Cont|nu«Ml..
MODERN Bunny r.ovly furnished apartments,
opp. Jefferson square: i-lote in; best location
in city. :i74 Kridy st.
A— KKXILU OUTH, cor. Tinth, Powell; a-room
sunny apit?. : hltisle tvonis: medern: reas.
ARIEL Mats. r>::i Turk— l-2-:;-icom liousckeep-
inK apartments; furn. or unfurn.: reasonable
EL CARMELO. I TT-l Washington, nr. Van Nes3
uvc. — Sonny o. 5. a room tipts.: also single. |
THE Fr<U<"-ick 901 Stanyan — 1 to 5 rooms, I
\u25a0•\u25a0verlcuking C.ate Park: tel. Page ClO6. j
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfurn. j
\— itRCNSWICk House. lIS Sixth st-Kooms
2V !»• ?>l l» r Jiigh't. ?l 25 to *j per week and
light hpnsekreplnK roonw: open all nlsht.
AT '"l!!f Almonte." *7^ Market st. (or No. 1
Fi.'th wt.) — Kooms. 23c to 5«Jc. $1. $1 SO night;
$1 M to t=lo week; house open all night.
BELMOXD H.iuse, over Owl drug Ktore; 2 en-
traiics. 112U Market and 21 Turk— Electric
Ifftbts, running water in every room: 2<iO
rooms: '.'.'.c to 50c p*r nl^ht: $1 25 to $'i week.
BHRXAKII, 77 — For two; large sunny bay-
Atnduw room: view; modern, convenient.
reasonable.
CLAY. 2403— Sunny furnished room; bath and
\u25a0 phoae; S7: private jamily: no sign.
CLIPPER, <52 — Three soomj, bath, basement,
Day- window; sunny; <.'a.«tro oar.
EIGHTEENTH, :UJ'.K». cor. Mlseion— Newly fur.
Iror.t parlor rooms; bath; phone; $10 irhd ?12.
FIFTH, ln7 — Pleasant, sunny, unfurnished
rooms to let.
FOLSOM. 2!S'J0 — Four unfurnished rooms;
fcurmy and new.
FOUETIL 271 — 1U) rooms; all sizes and prices:
new. nii-dem; hot and cold water.
OT:aND SOUTHCKN. Seventh and Mission—
J'.O roon.s. :^>c to $1 CO night: $1 00 to $7 wk.
HOTEL Hamilton. 123 KHis— Ntw hotei. Just
opened; class "A": Eteel bu:lc!ir.g. strictly
fireproof; European plan; telephone and
Ftcatu he:it in every room: rooms without
bath. $1 per day; with bath. $1 to to $3; re-
duced rates by week or month.
HOTEL ST. KATHKYN. cor. Ellis and Leav-
enworth — ::Cu nOGIBs; modi-rn und up to date;
li;-ht. sur.ny and airy: liair (Uattresseb; lit-e ;
bath*: everything iresh aid clean; single
iooi.-.s ar.d baths; nasonaWe rates.
HOWARD, 715— Rooms, 25c to $1 per day;
Jl r>o to $•'< per week: reading-room, etc.
HOWARD. v.'S-KOOMS, ROOMS: CLEAN.
CLEAN: TRANSIENT; REASONABLE.
HCAVARD, 2450— Large, sunny front room; hot
and cold water, gas.
MAHKKT. 7i:> — K.ne iurn. rooms; gas. electric
,:pht*. running water; convenient: reasonable.
MAHKET, 1004— One small room to let; third
Boor; fl 2."> week.
— —
' MAKTHA plate. 5, off cJeary. near Mason —
Floor \u25a0! unfurnished rooms: adults.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL, 12:» Third st.— 4Co
Mi'.gxj ai:d family rooms, ;Oo to $1 O't per day;
J-2 to $S week; the < nly new a:.d modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has o'fk-e on ground floor; hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room, and gives froc- baths and ele-
j - vat'ir clay and night tv its guesta.
i OAK. 41UA — Nicely furnished room, with pri-
\at- family; board If desired; homelike and
quiet.
; OFARKELL, 20— Sunny lurnished rooms: ele-
vator and electric lights: unfurnished offices.
i FAGE. 20 — Two tingle furnished rooms.
. liiO VISTA Hotel, 'jr. 3 Third et.. nr. Howard-
New hous-e. with modern conveniences: rooms
en suite and single: lates by day 35c up;
by week. $2 up: liaths free to guests.
I SKdT'VVELJ.. 714 — 2 sunry furnished rooms .
suitable for housekeeping if desired.
THE Pierre. o7t» O'Farrell— Beautifully fur-
nish ed suite and .-.ingle; reasonable.
TURK, 411 — Papered, clean tunny roomf;
suites, single; also housekeeping rooms: gas
or ooal stove.
UNITED STATES, 12:: Eddy, nr. Market — 4UO
rooms. 35c to $1 night. .$1 75 to $0 week: elec-
tric lights (no gas), runninc water in every
room: elevator, read. -room : free bus, baggage.
WEBSTER. 1822— T0 I?t, 5 furnished rooms
bath and Fiano, for three months.
WOLF HOUSE. Sixth and Howard sts.— Best
known transient house in city; cl?an, neat;
charges reasonable; central location com-
mends it to traveling public; cafe attached;
cars pass door. G. H. yon der MehUen. prop.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. nr. Market —
Vest convenient and r<?rr>ectable: 700 rooms.
35c to $1 50 nightly, $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
' A BRANCH office ot The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1(08 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
A^^IJOTEXr^IARLBOROUGH. 404 Eddy St.,
JUST OPENED. Rooms modern and up to
date; light, sunny and airy; hair mattresses:
free baths: everything elegant, fresh and
clean; table unexcelled; ratee very reason-
eLle- must be seen to be appreciated; located
In the heart of the city — 104 Eddy St.— 4oV.
"Deft meals in the city." ]
EL.L.IS, -15:-:— Nice furnished rooms with b««t !
table lward for young men; very reasonab'o. ;
JOHNSTON. THE, COS O'Farrell— Sunny suites
and single rms; excellent board: references
JONES. 37.'!— Nicely furnished room, suitable
for one or two. for rent, with board.
Old Stevenson Mansion. SO7 California St.; new
1 carpfts and interior: exceptional table; mod.
! ROOMS with board; home cooking; $5 per
work ar.d v.i>. ' ; Sr> Howard st.
i CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent »o any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.^
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
7:H Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
UNION Square Transfer and Storage Co., 604
Van Ness aye. Phone East 445. Stcrage,
moving, racking; cut rates on freight.
i CONKLIN'S storage; furniture and merchan-
dise; Golden Gate & Larkin; phone^ast 120.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2r;20 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2SI.
PIERCE— RODOLPH— Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Fillmore; tel.WV.st S2S.
BEICINS Van ar.d Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main I*4o. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIED.
EXPERIENCED salesmen and canvassers can
find good positions at the White Sewing Ma-
chine Company's offices, 915 Market St., ISCS
Fillmore et., San Francisco, and 470 Thir-
teenth et., Oakland.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family vie; best
le cheai>est; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand. $3 $5, $S: slightly
vr-A, *10, ?15 and $20. You know where
dolls' swing in the window. 1051 -Market at.
REDEMPTION' OF BO.YDS.
NOTICE~^OF REDEMPTION OF FIRST
i * MORTGAGE 6 PER CENT SINKING FUND
TWENTY-YEAR GOLD BONDS OF THE
BOCA AND LOYALTON RAILROAD COM-
PANY.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that oa th«
Ist day of October. 1005. eight (S) of the
fli-st mortgage six 16) per cent sinking fund
twenty (20) year gold bonds of the Boca
and Loyalton Railroad Company, datea
April 1. WO3. and secured by Deed of Trust,
bearing" the same date, made by said Boca
ar.d Loyalton Railroad Company to the Mer-
cantile Trust Company of San Francisco as
Trustee, being bonds numbered one (1) to
eight <S) Inclusive, will be redeemed and
paid at the office of said Mercantile Trust
Company of San Francisco, No. 401 Cali-
fornia street, San Francisco, California, by
the payment of the principal of said bonds,
and each of them, and all Interest due there
on on the said Ist day of October. 1905.
together with a premium of ten (10) per cent
upon the principal of said bonds and each
ot them. Said *onds numbered one (1) to
eight (S) inclusive, and each of them, are,
in accordance with the terms and conditions
of said bonds and deed of trust, hereby
called for payment upon said Ist day ot
October. 1905. and interest upon said bonds
and each of them, will cease from and after
said date.
Dated San Francisco. July 27. 1005.
MERCANTILE TRUST COMPANY OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
\u25a0 P.Y FREDERICK W. ZEILE. President.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE OF DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERS-
HIP—T he firm of C. A. Henry & Co.. a
special partnership, carrying on an ins'uf-
J . cjice business, has been dissolved by mv-
' tual consent, the same to take effect at
m'.dnigM of July 31. 1905. C. A. Henry will
continue to conduct the business under the
same name and at th* same place, assume
all liabilities and be entitled to all assets
thereafter. WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
C. A. HENRY.
Witness. BURT L. DAVIS.
I WILL net be ret»oonsible for any debts con-
tracted by my wife, Mrs. Elizabeth Jackson,
l«lt <:im-*r street. MJCB3 1 JACKSON.
REAL ESTATE— CITV — FOR S -*LK. |
BUT ONE BEFORE
THEY ADVANCE IN PRICE j
«; 25 1 UP. WKICK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$225 :or rfaoloe lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level a? a billiard table; <jii sra«j=;
close to school and Mlssion-st. electric cars: j
bound Lo doubie in value.
Jioo each en installments cf *10 per month: .
r.o taxes; Dim lets; near Ocean boulevard: best
reslAenoc location south of Golden Gate lark;
th».£e are ;he cheapest lots in Ihia district;
advancing i:i pnoc rapidly.
W. J WHITE COMPANY.
TO M'T.tgorr.ery :-:.. r. M. Phone MaHr. 5704.
SlOuO— Cash down, balance monthly at <> per
cetst !i!tereFt. buys cotticv. *'• room*. !>ath;
lot 40 v. Croniaea; rtreef bUomlciaeil drive-
way; -table; price KTAJOO. S«e owner at j
::2".i7 MN-rion st. _ 1
J.:200- -RENTS *27; 2 nni c fl:a.= : m-cr Harrls'n
and Klrtb sts. \V. H. CHIM & Ca, 118
Montgomery rt. j
DOKTT build borer* lnve«t!gatins Marshall * |
Steams' patent fixtures lor apartments an-1 \u25a0
cottngos Aror.fcn l.Mc. S4 Third st. j
OXE block from Ocean Boulevard on «Sth ax*.:
excellent buildinjr lot: bargain. Box SOO. Call ;
SPECIAL— S modern flat* in Western Add!- }
t:on: niu^t BelL «'a:! 332 Hyde st. \u25a0
KKEF. — Our booklet <n j.lumbinsr: write AHL- j
ItACH &. MAYER plumbers. KM Howard st. \u25a0
REAL ESTATE — COUVTRY — Ff *SallC j
FuR lio;-:!. sanitarium or beautiful home. My \u25a0
hoxae reserve und Chitt.-ndcn i-uiphur Si rings \
pt Chitter.iic-r.. fc'anra Cruz Co.. Ca!. Only i
S-reai group "f medicinal sulphur springs ;
. .imlv loeessibte 'rcm S. F. Trains stop at j
rhU-endea station witbln "00 Ceet of springs. .
r.ne .limate. beautiful eeenery. best ;>art of j
Ktate. $&(K:0 wcrili cf improvements, all new. |
'Jrent water right, fine water system, beau- ;
'.i'ully lar^.s-eapeJ ground*, every c-onveni- j
<r.ce: 36 sires- o'.iciceM soii: a grand place '
and a great opportunity t<» make money.
Price 116.000, very oasy tennr. Owner, T. ;
<"HJTTENI»KN. I'hitttndon. Cal. j
ALFALFA IKniGATED LANDS
•S2."> per ai-re: *1 down: f-1 ;< ir:onth
N> Interest. Full particular* on application.
INDEX LANI> AND ttOND CO..
Of<;-7-S Kohl Building. Hai: Francisco.
FItKK--BrsT CATALOG!."]-: 'jF POl'LTl'.t". j
FRUIT ALrALFA. DAIRY AND- STOCK !
RANCHES. BI.'RH-PADDOX <:O . 40 Mont- i
gomcry st.. Pan Francisco, Cal. '
J^^^}i >ale — 207 aores chotce grain !anJ; fine j
::r.-, ravcmentn. horses, tattle. farmi:ic impie- ,
r.ie^t*. lurniture, etc. Address box 70. Llv- J
rrtnore. Alame-a county. Cal. i
CALIFORNIA land: alfalfa, corn, f.uit. rlcrt. ;
»:ritin. ttook. suburban: mo.Wa:e tern:*: cat-.i- ;
locuea fre.?. C. M. WooMer <~o . o4S Market.
II "jr. .» x acre; Government lani: in«.lcse stamp
ror circular. DO2CKCLL.Y CO.. G32 Market. ;
ItoOfr— PETALU3IA poultry rancfa: 8 acre*: !
pjonfl doten. balance <; p. c. Box 9002. <:aii. ;
WE lea 4 iri^ni all for poultry ranene«. nateliei- I
or & Starke. Penr.grov*. Sonoma County. Cal. j
' ~ i
MtRIX COIXTY REAL ESTATE.
J509 SOacgßO FOOT lot. with hous? and barn;
5 .itnhio for chicken ranch.
!>.".->«< and Bp— Fine building lots.
Ntn h-room fist and cottace to rent.
J. E. LEWIS. Kentfield. Maxin <^o.
SALSAMTO REAL ESTATE.
I HAVE some Oeslranlc property for sale in j
Fnu>a:ito; b<"th improved and unimproved.
if>fh cr t«rir.f. ?ee \Y. H. ATKINSON, room
« : '». Chronicle bulloine-
EXCHANGE.
FOR sale cr exchange Jor city property — 64\t ;
aero* unimproved land in Kern County: also
4i» s-.n-t of gold bearing grave] iniiH' in Am-
ador County. Apply JOHN OCHSNER. 112
H<--i:lah st. j
REAL ESTATE WANTED. j
\u25a0WANTED — Good incom* property. W. J. ]
MORGAN & CO., Investment Bankers. 70 ]
N>w Montgomery st.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'STS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3200 — NEW 7-room house; medern in every j
wa\ : lot 4(ixioc: street work complete; i-ee J
.:»r,fr, 1911 Virginia St.. >r P. O. box 123. i
B"-k*-l*y.
TO RENT.
TWO-STORY factory or warehouse: University
aye.* near railroad: suitable any business;
convenient and cheap. SADLER. 211S Center.
OAKLAXI) ADVERT'S'JTTS
OFFICE. 1010 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$75<i CA£H. Sl2 50 monthly — New cottage of 3 1
larpe roonus, pantry, closets, chicken-houses, j
Fhrubbery. flowers', etc.; four lots, I<hix I
132 72-lcn. ell fence'l: grand view of bay. j
Alanif-da and s^urrnundlng hills: 2 electric
&c !are liiv?: in touch with lo<.al San Fran-
deco line an>! K.»y Route: away from fogs
and !Bv. w::njs: randy loam soil; will en-
Lartre iioui-- and sell more land cheap; sev-
*-ia! new liom«>. (one up in" two weeks; close
to "Al" tra'.Mmar ar.«i high pchoo! and ntw
boulrvard to Uaywarda; a'a told >175<.». Call
< r fiui for circular to 1222 Fruitvale aye.,
mar station. Fruits alt-. CHA6. F. LEE. or
4.V. Seventh opposite Broadway station,
• •akiand. Carriage free. Fruitvale Uoule-
\aid Tract. GEO. H. LFIE, Owner.
OAKLAND FIRXITLRE FOR SALE.
TO-MOKHOW the day for bargains In furniture. I
H. ScheUhaas. 11th et . cor. etore. Oakland, j
San Francisco Advert Vents j
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A 1.1 <)N Housp, 20* McAllister— Nicely fur-
»ii!-!:<-d bovaekoepins rooms.
CASTRO, 421', nr. 17th — ."> private upper sunny ;
hskng; pleasant ro<jms; large yard; flu.
CENTRAL a\r-., 07. nr. Haight — 2 sunry un-
furn. iiFkjg rms; mod con; adults; reas; ref.
COOK. 21—2 or .'! r<x>ms. housekeeping; bath.
put. laundry; $I<> and $12.
1:1. 1. i5, '.til — !-"ront. bay-window suite, nicely
Hth., running water; bath; quiet; reasonable !
FIRST. '-iT>s— 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms for
bousekeeptne.
FOLSOM, 12"C— Furnished housekeeping rooms
tv let; single if desired.
FOURTH, 225 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; also other room*.
GOLDEN «iA'I"E aye.. J72 — 1 or 2 furnished
housekeeping rooir.s; other rooms; private.
GOLDEN GATE aye, fi^9. opp. JefTerson
Kyuare — Furnished or partly furnished room;
pns Btove; closet; ?>s 50.
HAVES. 0-'i2-:j sunny rooms, complete for
iKHisekeepior: r.o children; $14.
HOWaIUj. C>(i — Front room and kitchen for
',i.u«oke»plng.
HOWARD, «1»%— Bunny housekeeping and
oth<-r rooms: very r-.-asonable; lr^ked door.
JJ>SIE. ?£?>— Large front parlor; furnishe.l;
bousekaepinc: gan range; s.{ .%0; otht-r rooms.
JONES, 507. corner O'Farri-U — Housekeeping
ruo:ns: ulceiy lurnish«l: rer.t reasonable.
JONES. 600 — Nice housekeeping suite. $l<i;
single rooms. $3 0 : furnished.
JuXKS, ftfjC— T.:r<<: b>rautlful. sunny front
rooms; complete for housekeeping.
LARKIN. M7% -Nicely lurnisht-d sunny corner
room, with ges etove; reasonable.
McALLISTFR. 1003— Sur.ny furnished house-
keeping rooms; mod'-rn.
MINNA. 2M. oor Fourth— Furnished sunny :
housekeeping rooms; also singi".
OAK, 117. or 14 Page — Complete hskpg.; gaa :
r*nge free; hot bath, laundry: f I 25— 53 50 wk.
OAK, «Si — 3 sunny rooms, complete housekeep-
ing: pas. bath, launfiry; reasonab>.
PACIFiC aye.. 1604— 2 or :i lovely front rooms;
bath and gas; modern: $18.
PERRT. 205, near Fourth— Furnished house
kecplirg rooms, with gas stoves, cheap; also
other Toovaa.
ESOOKD. 204 — 1 or 3 housekeeping rooms,
where lady can have some plain sewing.
FEVENTH, 191— Sunny, bay window, noust-
ketpinp rooms-: also- connecting rooms.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3125. nr. Dolores— Sunny
bay window rms.; fur. complete hskpg; nice,
nfat. complete.
APARTMEXT HOUSES.
ESTHER. 1419 Leavenworth, near Washington
— Open to-day. 10 to 4:30; greatest novelty
»ver got up for housekeeping : the convenience
of 5 rooms in 2; tee this without fail; you
can't afford to miss it; rents $30 to $32 50;
first house of iv kind in this city; call to-day.
THE Vera Apartments. 1007 Bush St., near
Jones; under entirely new management: new
and thorourhly renovated; 2 and 3 room
suites, 'urn. or unturn. for hskpg. ; also beau-
tifully turn, ."ingle rms. for gents; reag.
A— ST. LAWRENCE APARTMENT — New,
modern building; iurn. or unturn. apart-
mentfc cf 2, 3, 4 rooms; private baths; from
SlB to f3b. Phone Main 5120. 1383 Mason mt.
CAItDS AND INVITATIONS.
ENGRAVED wedding Invitations, visiting and
\u25a0 business cards, crests, etc. ; high-class work
at rr.rderate rates. J. H. DUNCAN, 120
Kearny, rooms 1-2.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Roland Bocsoy, 2G. 2511 Van Ness avenue,
ar.d Iruie M. Groom, 21, 2;:5 Devisadero street.
I'atrick McCarthy. 28. ICIO Leavenworth st.,
and Kate O'Driscoll, 22, 2(H Crescent avenue.
Charles T. Newcomb, 41. San Jose, and
Emma C. Johnscn, 32, Chicago.
Louis H. Weatherbee, 27, 14(iG Folsom st.,
and Isabella Glass, 27, t!4l Golden Gate aye. .
Alvah B. Richards, :SO. 122>-i San Jose'ave.,
and Florence E. Woodhouse. 2ii, 41 Hardy st.
Fr< nch Chiapparl, 25, 30li St. Rose street,
and Teresa Demati, 23, 155 Wood street.
Albert C. Wood. 27. S3O Geary street, and
l^oui^e M. Aubin. 24, 830 Geary street.
Joseph Latapic, 27. 717 Lombard street, and
Marie J. Bergerot, 22, 717 Lombard street.
Hattlsto Rugglero, 37, 14OCV- Dupont street,
and Litabetta Annuzzi, 33, 12"l3 Kearny st.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriace and death notices sent by
mail Will not be inserted. They must be handed
in al either of the publication offices and be
indoised with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notice* restricted sinrply to the announcement
of the '.vent are published once in this column
irte of charce.
HORN.
GEISSER — In South San Francisco, Cal., Au-
gust 6, 11*0-5, to the wife of Frank Geisaer,
a »on.
.MARRIED.
QUEDENS— FRANK— In this city, August 10,
10U>. by the Rev. Charles O. Oxnam, Charles
P. M. Qucdens and Lucille M. Frank.
DII2IJ.
• Altube. Pedro, 78 McAllis, Fannie, 75
Becker. Johanna. 82 McCully, Anastasla, 83
B«rti. Michele, ti3 Michaelion. Fred, 74
Campbell, Daniel, 2 m Minner, Harrold F., 18
Curtin, Hat:iuih. 70 Moulton. Mary E.
Eastin. Mattie H.. 40 Oliver, Stella Anna, 38
Encalada. Augctin, SO Poir.elin, Adoliih G., 74
Enemark. Geo. A.. 2.'i Powell, Sarah L.. 75
Hink. Carsten J.. .54 Schacht, Robert C.
Kelly, James, 50 Seller. George
Kennedy, Sarah J.. 4S Sullivan, Daniel
Lor.den. Nellie. 22 TaufEis, Eva
Malloway, William. 3S Wolcott, F. J., 34
ALTUBE— In this city, August 8, 1905, Pedro
Altube. beloved husband of Maria Altube,
brother of Bernardo Aliube, and father of
Mrs. M. Gesvret, Mrs. J. F. Ormart, Mrs.
M. Oni.art and Mr.«. J. J. Altube, a native
of Spain, asjgi 78 years.
(&' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully invited to attend the funeral, which
will take ulace Friday, August 11, at 9
o'clock, from his late residence, 2521 Jack-
pon btreei, thence to Nueatra Senora de
Guadalupe Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
fiow-rs. . 4
BECKER— In Thermalito, Cal.. August 9, 1005,
Johanna Becker, beloved wife of William
Backer, and mother of Mrs. Charles Braun,
a native of Germany, aged 82 years 3
months and 13 days.
C 7 Remains at the funeral parlors of the
11. F. Maass Co.. Ul7 Mission street, near
Fifth.
BERTI— In this city. August 10. 1905. Michele,
dearly beloved husband of Mrs. Faustino
Herti. and loving father of Giovanni. Pia
Maddalena and Ellena Bertl. a native of
San Pietro, Avico, Lucca. Italy, aced H3
years 10 months and 11 days.
CAMPBELL— In this city. August 10, 1905,
Daniel F.. beloved (twin) son of John E.
and Blanche E. Campbell, a native of Cali-
fornia, asred 2 months.
CURTIN— In this city, August 9. 1905, Han-
nah, beloved wife of the late Michael J. Cur-
tin, and aunt of E. P. Barry, a native of
K<nturk, County Cork, Ireland, aged 70
years. (New York papers please copy.)
EyFrkrids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:45 a. m.. from the funeral
parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mis-
sion 6treet. thence to St. Charles Borromeo's
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
EASTIN— In this city, August 10, 19C5, Mattie.
" Howell, dearly beloved wife of C. W. Eas-
tin. a native of Tennessee, aged 40 years
S months and 1 day.
ENCALADA— In this city, August 9, 1905,
Augctin Encalada. beloved father of Frank
• Encalada, a native cf Chile, aged 80 years
11 months and 11 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), August 11, at 1 o'clock p. m.,
trom his late repidence. 4-41 >4 Green street,
corner Dupont, thence to Spanish Church,
Brcariway and Mason street, where services
will be held. Interment Holy Cross Cerrle-
tery.
ENEMARK — Aboard the transport Buford,
August 7, 1905, George A.,, beloved son of
Andrew J. and Anna L. Enemark. and
brother of Leon H. Enemark and Mrs. Jo-
seph B. Lawler. a. native of San Francisco,
Cal.. aged ,23 years 0 months and 24 days.
A member of Journeymen Plumbers'. Gas
and Steam Fitters'' Union. Local '442.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m., at
the parlors of Craig, ("ochran & Co., 429
G<»;den Gate avenue, between Polk and Lar-
kin streets. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
HINK — In Camp Riverside. Santa Cruz Moun-
tains Cal., August 8, 1905, Cars-ten J. Hink,
dearly beloved husband of Gietchen Hink,
devuted father of Claus Hink, and brother of
Martin, Claus and the late Henry M. Hink,
h native of Bremerwoerde, Germany, aged
34 years 7 months and 13 days. A member
of San Francisco Schuetzen Verein, Brem-
tTwot-rde Verein, Notd Deutscher Verein and
Germanla Club.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), August 11. ' at 1:30 o'clock, from
the parlors of 11. P. Petersen, 228 McAllister
street, thence to Saratoga Hall, 840 Geary
street, where funeral services will be held
under the auspices of the San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein, commencing at 2 o'clock.
Intel ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car-
rißre.
KELLY — In the City and County Hospital,
August 10, 1!K)5, James Kelly, a native of
England, aged 50 years.
KENNEDY— In this city, August 10, 1005,
Sarah J. Kennedy, beloved wife of William
P. Kennedy, and mother of Mrs. Grace Er-
nest, Mrs. Bessie Ernest and Harry Irvine:,
a native of Missouri, aged 48 years 2 months
and 3 days.
LONDON— In this city. August 10, 1905, Nel-
lie, beloved daughter of the late William
and Ellen London, and sister of William,
Florence and Gertrude London, Mrs. A. T.
Trsbucco and the late Birdie London, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 22 years.
MALLOWAY— In this city, August 10, 1903,
William, beloved husband of Hattie Mal-
loway, and father of Jessie, Helen and Rob-
ert Malloway, a native of Colusa County,
Cal., aged 3S years. (Colusa papers please
copy.) •
McALLIS — In Oakland, Cal.. August 10, 1005,
Fannie McAUis, a native of Brooklyn, N. V.,
aged 75 years.
MeCULLY— In this city, August 9, 1005, Anas-
tasia, beloved wife of the late John McCully
elster of the late Patrick Foran, and aunt
of Winnie A. Foran, a native of County
Wexiord. Ireland, aged 83 years 1 month
and 10 daya. •
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday). August 11. at 8:30 o'clock a. in ,
from her late residence, 3181 Twenty-first
Ftreet. thence to St. Peter's Church, Alabama
and Twenty-fourth streets, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 1)
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MICHAELSON— In this city, August 8) 11)05,
Fred Mlchaelson, beloved brother' of Adolph
and Christian- Mlchaelson, and beloved undo
of Mrs. Peter Westohal. Mrs. Hugo Gessler
and Charles Grabengeter, a native of Old--
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UISITBD UNDER I'AKBRo,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at 860 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
• Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
H. P. PETERSEN & CO.
Funeral Directors and i:mt»«lmer.s,
228 McAllister St., opposite City Hall.
Telephonq_South_34o. '
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO., •
-•- Formerly with McGinn Bros. --'*.'.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.- — — '
214 Eddy st. Tel. East 86. . / .
. PLOTS
In Odd Fellows' and Masonic Cemeteries can be
exchanged for . Plots In - \u25a0 \u0084
MT . OLIVET,3C E M E T E R Y.
• For' particulars apply at City Office,
GRANT BLDG.. MARKET & SEVENTH STS.
enburg, Holstein, Germany, aged 74 years
11 months and ltj days. A member of Red-
ding Lodge No. 271, I. O. O. F., Redding,
Cal.
[^\u25a0Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& C 0... 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth, until C p. m. to-day (Friday).
Interment Redding, Cal.
MINNER— In this city, August 0, 1905. Har-
row F-, beloved son of William H. and El-
len Minner. and beloved brother of Eliza-
beth, Alice. Albert. Willis, Walter and Perry
Minner and Mrs. Harry Leech, a native of
San Francisco, aged IS years 11 months and
5 days. (Redwood City, Cah. and New
York State papers please copy.)
lE?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 0 o'clock a. m., from hie residence, 012
Second avenue, thence to Star of the Sea
Church, Point Lobce and Eighth avenues,
where a solemn requiem high mass will- be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MOULTON— In thie city, August 10, 1905,
Mary E., widow of the late W. J. L. Moul-
ton. beloved mother of Edith M. Moulton.
daughter of Elbrldge O. and the late barah
S. Cook, and sister of Charles K. Cook, a
native of Boston. Mass.
(ETFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services at her late resi-
dence, 71 South Broderick street, on Sat-
urday, August 12, at 10 a. m. Interment
private. Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
OLIVER— In this city, August 10, 1005. Stella
Anna, beloved wile of Henry Oliver, and
loving mother of Earle E., Henry J. and
Ethel Elizabeth Oliver, a native of Oregon,
aged 3S years 11 months and 11 days.
POMELIN— In this city, August 9. 1905,
Adolph G. Pomelln, a native of Finland,
aged 74 years.
POWELL— In thte city, August 9, 1905, Sarah
Louise Powell, wife of the late Abraham
, Powell, mother of Mrs. Frank A. Leach and
James Henry, P. Florence, Eva Paxson and
L. Blanche Powell, and sister of Mrs. Fannie
Stanford of Oakland, a native of Philadel-
phia, Pa., aged 75 years 9 months and 16
days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday. August 12, at 1 p. m.. from her
late residence, 11590 Pine street, corner of
Scott. Interment private.
SCHACHT— In this city. August 10, 1905,
Robert C, dearly beloved husband of Caro-
lina Schacht, beloved father of Victor P..
Schacht, stepfather of Mrs. L. Nessler, and
brother-in-law of Mary C. Luth, a native of
Frederickstadt. Germany.
ETRemains at the parlors of H. F. fauhr
6 Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.
SELLER— In this city. August 10, 19C5,
Georee, dearly beloved Infant eon of George
W. and Charlotte A. Seller, a native of San
Francisco.
.SULLIVAN— In this city. August 10. 1905.
Daniel, infant son of Daniel J. and lona
Sullivan.
TAUSSIG— In this city, August 10. 1905. Eva,
beloved wife of Edward Taussig, beloved
mother of Mrs. Belle Harris, Louis Taussig
and Mrs. Louis Goodfricnd, sister of Mrs.
Esther Levy of Seattle. Wash.: Mrs. R.
Grosstein of Lewiston, Idaho; Mrs. Mary
Jo&eph of Portland, Ore.; Mrs. Julius Gros-
fitein of this city and Mrs. Sol Newman of
Seattle, and grandmother of Z. H., Ethan
and Sadie Harris and Leila Goodfrlend, a
native of Prague. Bohemia. (Virginia City,
Nev.. papers please copy.)
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
WOLCOTT— In Oakland. Cal., August 10,
1905, Frederick J.. bo-loved husband of Pearl
L. Wolcott. father of Fay H.I Manning
P. and Jewell S. Wolcott. and son of Mrs.
Victoria Wolcott. a native of California,
aged 34 years S months and 4 days.
WOODLAWN CEMETERY
San Mateo County.
.MASONIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
- 580 James Flood Building, S. F.Dried ' Fruit, N«ts, Rajwlna ] and Honey.
Exchange aad Bullion. "
LOCAL.
Stcrilng Exchange, sixty days.. '— <gi Ss>4
Sterling Exchange, sight .— | S.
Sterling Exchange, cables — «H 88
New York Exchanee. sight ..... — ©\u25a0 0.«
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — ® 03
Silver, per ounce ..••• ?2'*l ~Z.,
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 @ i,^
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Pari3 L. — 5.16V4
New York on Mexico 202
Paris on London sS.SJ*
Berlin . on London i . .20.4 i %
Wheat and Other Grains. - .
WHEAT The Government report, issued
yesterday. Indicates a winter AVheat crop o:
4^4 400,000 bushels, or an average of 14.3
bushels per acre, compared with 12.4 bushels
last year. The condition of spring Wheat Is
69 2 against 91 last montb and 57.5 on August
1 1904 and a ten-year average of 53.3. This
indicate* a spring Wheat crop of 270.000.00J
"chfcago declined me The Michigan August
crop report gives the total crop this year at
19 riOO.COO bushels, against 0,000,000 last year.
There was no change in the ca«h grain in
this market, but futures were lower, with a
quiet market. „\u25a0 !"i,\"'
q CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 45® 1 55; California
White Australian. $1 60@l C 5; . Northern
Club $1 50©l 65; Northern Eluestem. $1 C 2%
«Jl- 67 1 ,4- \u25a0 Bpot and $1 52^4^1 r.7V>!> future de
livery- Northern Red. -slso©l- 51^4 - per ctl;
lower 'grades of Wheat, 51 30®L 40 per cU.
FUTURES.
Session fl to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. ' Low. Close.
December ...$1 39 '$1 39 . $1 3SVi $1 SBH
2 p. • m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 3SH-.-fl 3SH • $1 S8 $1 3S
BARLEY— The market ; for cash grain was
very strong for the finer bright grades of Feed,
but the dark and generally foul island Barley
continued quiet and Inclined to drag. J Futures
were quiet and, without material change. .
.CASH BARLEY. >
Feed, 85@9S?ic for common and $l@l ( 05 for,
Ala A W ss. — — OkT Con 58.109 — \u25a0
•tsso Oil ss. o,l^ 95 O W gtd ss. — 9*
Bay CPC 3s.W7V* — Oceanic S 5s R5 6{!^
Cal C G ss.lCs«*! — Om Cable 65.121 121%
Cal G fi- E X Pac O Im 4s. 94^ S7U
m& ct ss. 95 9« PE Ry 6*..111^112VS
Cal-st C Ss.imiH^lPae L&P ss. 101 102^
C C Wat 55.1WH102 P& C H e 5.102% —
EdL & P \u2666T5.124>4 — P& O R 6s.HO —
F& C H 68.118 — Powell-st 6a. — _
Geary-st 55.. 50 60 Sac EG&Rss.l(m; _
H C&S 5%5.107Vi — SF & 5JV55.120?4 —
Do 5s ....107V.108 SP.Ok& SJs*.So?illl^
Hon R T e5.103% — Sierra R 65.112>41U
L A Elec ss. — — S P of A 6a .v,
LAG &EI ss. — 104 (IM9) 107 —
LA Ry 55..115% — «1910) 10S _
LAL gtd 55.103 — S P of C Cs
LAP lem 55.112H — - <l«s.'oSr B. — —
LAP C 55..105 V,— <IWW> 104 _
Mkt-st C 65.11.314 — <1012) " — 115 M
Do lem ss. 115% 116 SPC 1 cfr 55.U7 _*
MV& MtTSs:lO5 — - SP B R 6S.ISS*; —
NR of C 6s.in.iv; — IS V Wat Cs.KUU _,
Do 5s ....120«i — 1 -Do 4s 2dm.100 —
NP C R 55.104?4105*i , Do 4s 3dm.1C0% ,
XC Ry 55.. — 111%! Do g mtjr4s — — '
N C P C ss. 9RttlCl • Stkn - GftCffs. SS
O'GL&H 53.10«*< — UG & E. 55.10414 —
Oak T Co 6a.119% — JUR of SF 4s. «1% —
Do 5s — ll2H|Val Co P 55.103«4105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa -U" «t4'Port Costa 6S
Marin C0... r55 — [S. V Wat Co. 37H —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L& P. '4«4 5 Pac LCo. :.. 6S?: _ •
Martel Powr 1% 1% SFG£ E. «9 60V5
Mutual EL. 13 13% Stkn G & E. 5 *
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.325 — |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl BkV.I2THI3I JL P & A.... — 160
MISCELLANEOUS BOXDS.
P UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | • Bid. Ask.
,= ar coup.-lM 10-UiUa qr cp new.l.T2 V?2*i
Is ar res -KM 104«4!3s qr coup. ..103^103%
THURSDAY. August 11—2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Forelitn Fnturest.
LIVERPOOL.
Wneat _ " Sept. Dec. March.
Onenins C >>•% 6 7»g Nominal
Closlns •'. SH tj 7% Nominal
PARIS.
W heat— A "X- Nov--F«b.
Opening •£ 75 22 N>
Clewing • —so _.__ »
Owning"" • 29 70 MS&
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST LOUIS.. Axis. ' 10.— Wool, steady. Me
dium grades combing and clothing. 26(g:31c;
light fine, 21$i27c; heavy fine. lS#22c; tub
washed, 32042 c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Aug. 10.— Wheat for export:
Club 724?7<*c: blu€etem, 77@7Sc. For milling:
Valley. 7Sc. WASHJNGTON .
TACOMA, Aug. 10.— Wheat unchanged. Blue
stem, 74c; club. 71c; red. 68c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. / Aug. 10.— Clearings, ' $727,840;
VaCOMA. Aug. 10.— Clearings. $442. 155; bal-
a "sPOKANET Aug. 10.— Clearings, $397,729;
balances. *56,17.1. \u25a0
PORTLAND. Aug. 10.— Clearings, $1 11,102;
balances, fPT.IGU.
RAISINS — Are also showing firmness with
available supplies very light and fresh offer
ings limited. Loose muscatels are quoted at
«%C«^c; seeded raisins, sH@7%c. and Lon
don layers at ?iei 13..
'EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
higher on *r»ot, as supplies have been cleaned
up. Mlt lutures are hardly bo flrm. Common
to good are quoted at f.<B,GHc; prime at OV4O
7c. and fsncy at Be. "**
PRUNES— Are tirm, with quotations ranc
ins from 4'ic to r.i^c. according to grade ,
APRICOTS— Are said to be in larse dernanU
and firm, with choice quoted at &SSUe- pxtri
chnic*. SVjSS'Jic. ard fancy 3i/.<slC^
PEACHES— Are flrm. with choice quoted at
IOSIOVJc; extra choice at 10Vi@10%c. • and
PETROLEUM— Steady
SUGAR— Raw. firm. ' Fair, refining, SU<3
3 17-32 c; .-rntrlfutral. M test, 4%&4 G-32c- mo
lasses sugar. 3>453«-32c; refined, firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; mild. steady,
me market for coffee futures clowerl steady
net unchanged to 10 points lower. Sales ITS -
-.".<> bags, including: .September, 7 s(>c'' Octo
ber. '.15c: Dumber. 7.1'0c; January, 7.45 c;
March. ..<10c: May. 7.7C«7.7r»c: July 7 75c
RJJI.^H-Mark.t Fteady and uncnanVed!
t Hi^EfcE— Market weak. Eiate full creams
mall eolrred and white fancy. 10}; c; <lo laive
colored and white fnncy. 10?4c. X
EGGS— Market firm and unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
WOOL— Firm.
WHEAT— Receipts. 9fXX>; spot easy. No 2
r<d, «<j»;c elevator; No. 2 red, fcSc fob
aJloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 10>,4 fob'
afloat; No. 1 hard MartPoba. nominal I. o b'
a.kat. The wheat market opened lower but
rallied on bullish French crop news. The corn
Mrength came from covering and lißht offer
ings, later broke on heavy selling inspired by
tn? Government report and closed weak at
...V«<>,s-Jic net los*. Mey, 90@01%c, closed 00c-
September. So^(gSB 3-ltsc. closed 67c; Deccm-
HIDES— Firm.
JJ.4W; exports. U6< ; sales. 4700 packages
Market quiet and barely steady; winter
straights. §4 15@< 40.
Sexr York Grain and Produce.
Receipts of Peaches and Pears in bulk were
light and the firmness In those descriptions,
noted In the previous report continued yester
day. The canners were operating freely in
the open market and the diyers were liberal
purchasers 01 th? lower grades of Bartlett
Pears. In the regular trade open boxes of
Peaches and rip« Bartlett Pears were in good
demand and rirm, while small packages of
Peachts were neglected and easy. Plums,
Prunes and Grapes were quoted steady to firm,
wh'.le Figs, Quinces and ordinary Apples were
dull, although offered at easy rates. The
Melon market was still badly, congested with
Nutmeg Melons and Cantaloupes, and there
was another sharp lecllne in prices. Carried
over lots of Nutmeg Melons were offering be
low the quotations, - but found few buyers,
owing to the abundance and comparative
cheapness of fresh stock. In the Berry line
Huckleberries and Blackberries ruled weak,
while Strawberries and Raspberries were flrm
under a good demand and light receipts. Previ
ous prices ruled for all kinda of Citrus goods.
STRAWBERRIES— Per chest. Longworths,
%iM"; lante varieties. $3© 5.
RASPBERRIES— Per chest. $7®o.
' BLACKBERRIES— SI iiO@3 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— C@7c r-er lb.
APPLES — Sucfijl 15 per. box for fancy and
4<V!j7r>c for common to choice; Crab Apples.
s(<r — rt 'f+ jartnftll and 51 75 for lars;? boxes.
PEACHES— SmaII boxes. 35<500c; earners,
\u25a0OtXtt^v-- u,.^n boxiss 404foSc for amul! ana (set»
$1 for large; in bulk. 525®32 SO per ton for
Freestone and $13 for Clingstones.
PEARS — Bartlett. 7uc©sl 25 per box: in bulk.
$35 ptr ton for No. 1 and $lC*g'2s for lower
PLUMS AND PRUNES— Packed, CofSsc per
box or crate; open boxes, 25<g40c for small and
50c@*l for large. \u25a0?;,.''-/:
NECTARINES— NominaI.
YIQS Black. 75cg$l 25 for double layer and
40© 50 c for single layer drawers; White, uOc®
$1 ?«r box or crate.
QI'INCES — 50ft «35c per box.
MELONS— Cantaloupes, 7iVc!g'sl 25 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 251150 c, per box: Watermelons.
$liR2 50 rer dozen. . \u25a0-
GR^PliS — Small bosesand crates, <5c@?125:
large boxes. ?ICTI 2.V
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. Valenclas. ?2(©l
per box: Lemons. $2®4 50; Grape Fruit. »2«
2 75- Mexican Limes, nominal; Bananas. ?2 25
©3 per bunch for Central American and $1©
1 75 for Hawaiian: Pineapples. $1 50Q2 50 per
dozen. - -
Derlrluous and Citrus Fruits.
The -$.'».CCO Pacific Grove High School, dis
trict 3 per cent bond issue was sold August
8 to the San TFranclsco Savings Union on a
4 15 per cent basis, the premium being $3025.
Giant Powder Company, regular monthly. 50c
per share, amounting to $10,000: Hutchinscn
Sugar Plantation Company, regular monthly.
i-ViC p£r share, amounting to $12,500; Paauhau
Sugar Plantation Company, regular " monthly.
20c per share, amounting to $20,000; Califor
nia Wine Association, regular monthly. 42c per
sl'are amounting to $19,12" 64; Monte Cristo
Oil Company, regular monthly, lc per share,
amounting to $500; Mill Valley and Mount
Tamalpals Scenic Railway Company, a reffulai
quarterly dividend of $1 per share.
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota will pay a regular monthly dividend
of 50 cents per share on August 25-
In the mining shares the Comstocks were
generally weak, with lower price* for Ouhn
and Hale & Norcross. The Tonopahs. though
quiet, were firm as a rule and several showed
an advance.
Con. Virginia has levied an assessment of 25c
and Bullion one of sc.
The following dividends were paid yester
day:
The features on the Stock and Bond Ex
change yesterday were a further advance In
Gas and Electric to $69 under active sales on
the morning session and a decline in Alaska
Packers to $S~ Jn the afternoon. Giant Pow
der and Spring Valley Water were each 5Cc
hlpher. Sales of bonds -were very light. Ma
kaweti Sugar was ex-dlvidend of 40c under th«
rule
Salmon Shares Lotrer.
Gaa Share* Take Another Tarn Upward.
STOCK 3IARKET.
»tt York Stock Market.
\u25a0 E F Huttcn & Co.. 400 California street.
Kan' Francisco, members of the New York
f>c.ck Hxcharpe. furnish the follomlng official
quctati ens of that Exchange: . i - :
Va-.m.] STOCK?. ;Htgfa!Low.l Bld.j Ask?
Express.! 1 235 !240
li.soo,An:aig Copper . fc<sg! S4 S4H| 64%
jAm Beet Sugar. J 12% 12%
Do pfd 691* 70
Am Can Co ' j 11»£ 12
i Do |.fd ! 1 63^ 71
• I.£U>>l3 Car & Fycoj S7HI SBj; S7JiJ S7JS
right's level. Tt.:s was variously interpreted
£c a movement to take speculative pronis in
\u25a0m*. UdpaXtoa 01 a favorable Oovernmerit cr<^p
n port, and as a raid urx-.n the market, for
\:.<- parposa of securing stocks at lower prices.
Whatever the purpose of the movement. It was
' conirccr.lv accepted as nrtming from profession
al ppecu'.atlve aouirea. The character of the
\u25a0 euppor; encountered on the oownward course
cf prices jroved mire impre&givfe to sentiment
thin t&e pellin* itgtir tnd a brisk recovery
errued. Then there developed an amaiing
flight of prices in mary of the high-grade
ra.:!rok(S stocks to dizzy heights which made
A' new record at every fresh bound. This be
came the feature ci the market and was so ex
travagant in Its demand as to awaken uricasi
n*-ss end thus develop a heavy tone fer the
generaJ list. The figures of the Government
report, while proving fully as good as antici
pated, proved to h&ve.bt-en bo well discounted
a«= to have little effect on stock*. Th* im
fortance cf the conditions indicated are not
to be underestin:a;ed on that account- A corn
\u25a0 t^-^P well in excess of the irrtatest previous
cr> p in the country's history is indicated,
wrbile The combined v.:n;er and spring wheat
' crop givec pron;ise of a yield only a few mil
lion buslß-i* btlow the bunjper crop of UM)\.
' in Tvhii-h year, hov.rver. ther<» was a notable
ehirtage in the corn crop. The news trom
Portrrr.ouOi was le?s re2.ssurir.>; because lees
definite. The presentation of definite proposals
fn ra the Japancaa wat rtgarded as offering a
[n<iq« :n Oii Degotlationi. but 'gnoranc* of
J!w terms and the unctrtainty of the receipt
•*!.«. w aotnetfcfßS of a chill over speculation
on account uf the vaft J-r.fKjrtance of the is
iu*t involved. As ;or the astounding mo\-e
m*-rit In tiiH-^ig^d railrr^id mocks. If it was
«;? >un>or:ed to !jo. it would clesrly indicate
E-j-h a cciifipiticn cl capital-seeking invest
r.n :i^ a-~ tn:*T"t b<; expected to bt :ollowed by a
[iroznpt overflow irto other channels as th»
[wtce* •\u25a0; t'' Li hit-hly piizej storkt rise beyond
i:f reti-h. But the «;isiici.,n was plainiy felt
.that while 3h<- r.iovemtm was intended to con
\e> an imprest ion cf this cenditien, it might
T^-Aue to m?ch!nations in th* market of those
.'-.ojiinjT to proSt -roan the present situation.
T^,opnra oourte of Delaware. Lackawanna
aad "Western for some time psst had the ef
•><.: of UglJtealas the grasp of holders on
o:'icr h!»vh-prjr«r railrrad stocks and thus
' faciittaied to-dny's outburst. A further ad
vbiux in tha i-rjce of copper and reports of
axrr.za- to foreign crcjis were . item* of In
!<-rest in th»" now*, but were not much re
ear6*ii. The governed cf t!;e latpr market
ronvf-ved «n smiirLs::ion >A fomc 'jewilderment
<-n the part of ojwratcr*. but the brisk up
v.ard rawwnent at the !ast led by St. Paul
rr.-'o> *he closiriq strong and decided the pre
dosdeencf cf rains over losses.
lii'-ri^ vrerr> :rrtru!ar. Total sales, par
\a!uo w.2?5.00a
United fc-tates new 4s advanced »4 per cent
en can:
icarce'y «my chenge in ihe hesitation and un
certainty ol the movement. Eariy in th* day.
after an opening rvslttanee to th" selling
which was in evidence late yesterday, there
was tronounced pressure upon tee market.
Prices gave way Quite generally to bflow last
XETT YORK. Aug. 10. — Operators in stocks
tv I to Cca! to-day with news of far-reaching
ax 3 radical ccr.MKjucnce* to values. The re
pcrt of the Agricultural Department on the
AtifuEt condition of the grain crop and the
pr- ser.tanon of terms of peace by the Japanese
to the Ruse:B»s might either one be thus
d^~igriBted. Th«> oecillation or prices of stocks
v.-&s slightly wider than had been in* daily
ror^je la U;e immediate part, but there was
New York Stock Market.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— The market was
weak on local bulls gelling.
A cable from Liverpool said: "Spot cotton
is quiet at the eariy decline of 12 points from
yeswday. Middlings, $5 St!. Total sales. 7000
Futures, which opened weak and declined 6
points and rallied 1 to 2 points soon aft-r
ward. have since been quiet and barely eteadv
with prices now averaging S points net decline
from yesterday's final bids."
Cotton futures opened quiet. August. 10 40c-
September. 10.4« c; October, 10.02 c; November
10..;gc bid; December, 10.73 c; January, 10 sOc-
February. 10. We bid; March, IO.SSc; May.'
Spot closed 10 points lower. Middling up
land. 10.75 c; middling gulf, lie. Sales, 300
bal&a.
»tt York Cotton Market.
Flour, qr sks. ..12.550 Leather, rolls ... 31
Wheat ctls 1.260 Hides, No 1.116
Barley! ctls 6.C16 Pelts, bdls 276
Oats, ctls 231 Hay. tons 50S
Rye. ctls 390; Straw, ton* 45
Tallow, ctls 812 Wool, bales 236
Sugar, ctls I.oOol Paper, bdls .... 874
Beans, sks 104! Chicory, bbla ... SO
Potatoes, sks ... 3.s'OlLime. bbls 1«2
Onions, sks S22' Raisins, bxs .... 2.15i>
Bran, sks '.. .170 Wine, gals 55,1C0
Middlings, sits ... 950J
Receipts Of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. AUGUST 11.
EOGS — Ranch, :;O@?.lc for large white se
lected ami 27{.<2i)c for fair to pood: cold stor
age. 25«26c; store Eggs, 20@22%c; Eastern
firsts, 'Mtn'Jic; seconds, )ti<f/USc per fiozeti.
Butter has made a further advance and the
finer creamery grades are quoted firm. The
best qualities of Cheese are also very buoy
ant. EgRF. on the contrary, are top-hravy
and showing weak symptoms. : the recent ad
vance having checked the demand for fresh
goods by fhlfting the consumption off into the
cold storage and Eastern descriptions.
Receipts were 52.500 lbs Butter, 1029 cases
Eggs and GS.OOO lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 2:?f25j
for extras and 22!§2:<c for lower an.l nv.-.iiuni
grades ; dairy, 21Q23c; cold storage. 22023 c;
store Butter. 17@lSc.
CHEESE — Good to choice mild new, 10'*.®
lie; common. SQO'-ic; Young Americas. 11$
IIV-c: Eastern. 141J1.V: per lb.
The directors of the new Dairy Exchange
meet to-day to elect the srcretary and othi r
officers. From present indications the ex
change will begin operations in a few days
now
Batter, Clieexe and Eggn.
V--'- ricaa dollars. 45»ic.
rnment r-oncs svong. Railrcad bends
• NEW YORK. Ax;g. 10. — Money on call
irtfad%- - hlgiiest 2 T * r cent: lowest bulletin
rulini'rate. 2 per csnt: last ican. 2 p«r cent;
closing Md, ls«l s « 7*r cent: oSfered. 2 per cer.t.
Tin-e lean? e»»y ar.d dull: 60 cays. .'.ff-3 1 . r*r
ce~t: !«• Jay.-. 3 l i<s-"Vi per eciit; six months,
Z\''ji t-er cent.
Prim*- mercantile rajxr, 4S4 ; i r>er cent.
exchar^e firm with actual busings
Krrs' Vi::? at $4.SaV.-54>'«0 ior cemand
• $4.6465©*.5470 for 00-iiay bills. Posted
r^-' s .?4 \u25a0S5~-S4 f7^-. Ccßime:clal bills, $4 Si^%
Xew York Money Market.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following the sales on the San Fraa
dsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
9:SO a. m. Session — Comstocks.
700 Andes 18' 9CO Seg Belcher. . . C*
5O Con Va M Co.l 'Su\ SCO Union Con to
100 Ophir 6 "5j 'M 0 Yellow Jacket. It*
luc Savage cul
12 fix Informal Session — Comstocks.
"0O Andes 1"! 1W Potosi 10
ICO Belcher U «<*> Savage «1
200 Belcher ..... 13. 100 Savage X
10«> Caledonia ... 43; 2«» Scorpion 11
200 Challenge ... 20| 300 Seg Belcher... C*
500 Challenge ... 19; 3CO Sierra Nev.... 35
200 Chollar 13! 950 Silver Hi 11.... 8a
100 Con Va M Co.l 25t 100 Union C0n.... 40
100 C Va M.b3t>.l 30; 10«> Union C0n.... 41
100 Gould & Cur. 17| 100 Utah ©6
ltiO Mexican 1 35| 400 Yellow Jacket. It*
50 Ophir « 73,
2 n. in. Session — Com*tocks.
100 Belcher 13, ICO Sierra N«v.... »5
200 Caledonia ... 42 IPO Union Con 40
SCO Challenge ... Vj\ 500 Utah Ott
2UO Ophir « KVil
CLOSING QUOTATIONS-
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask
Alpha i>* 07|Jn»Uc« 04 C 6
Alta OS Cs;Kentuck 02 03
xndes 16 l><!Lady Waah .. — t\
Belcher ..;.. la 11 Mexican 1 SOI $3
Best & Belch.l 25 1 3?»: Ophir 0 30 « i&
Bullion a 9 4S| Occidental ... 87 92
Caledonia ... 43 43ophir-Bruns.. 09 10
Challenge ... 1U ' ioiO\-erman 10 12
Chollar .' 15 19-Pctoal 0* 10
Con Va M Co.l 25 1 30; Savage 61 62
Confidence ... 87 60! Scorpion 10 12
Con Imperial. — 01: Seg Belcher... W 07
Crown Point.. 03 l(MS!(<ra Nev.... 35 S*
Con NT 01 12. St Louis — l»
E Sierra Nev. i>3 C 5 Silver Hi 11.... 83 9ft
Eureka C0n. .1/25 — tSyndicata .... — li)
Gould & Cur. 15 16 Union C0n.... S9 41
Exchequer ... 30 52; Utah 08 07
Hale 4 Norc.l 50 1 t5 Yellow Jacket. 16 17
Julia 03 05!
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS. .
' Morning Session. .
1000 Atlanta, s 10. («*• 100 Ltge Harris... 03
5000 Brooklyn .... t2| 100 MacNamara. .. 42
SCOO Brooklyn .... OU| 200 Mont Ton ..3 07%
500 Brunswick . . ltt! 10C0 North Star 61
2000 Bullfrg N Bit 24 «kM> Xorth S»r BO
2600 Congress 15| 500 Nortn Star.... A 9
2COO Congress. b«SO 16[ 500 Ohio Ton 31
15CO Den Bullfrog. 22- SCO Orig BullfrCK. 24
1000 Dlamondaeld. 40 ICCO Qulncy 02
1000 Dixie 13 2VCO Sandstorm 60
IoCO Dominion ... 22 500 Shoahcne Gold i 3
2000 Eclipse 331110t» Ton Blmont.l 22H
500 Forest City .. 25» 300 Ton Belmont..l 2S
2000 Great Westrn Oil 100 Ton Eaten . ..» ?5
25C0 Home 07 1 1423 Ton Mdway.l 32%
200 Jumbo Ex .. 151
Afternoon Session.
500 Black Butte.. 25(2C0«> Home OT
SCO Blue Beii ... 04; -44 Jim Butler .. 75
3000 Bonnie Clare. 1 4<»l 100 Mont Ton \u0084..3 10
IOCO BlfK NBk.bOO 27. SCO J Butler, b 30. 77
2000 Bullfrg N Bk 241 100 Mcnt Ton. 560.3 10
ICCO Cash Boy. a 5 17! 200 Ncrta Star 61
10CO Cash Boy ... 13,1000 Ohio Ton 32
600 C Eureka. ..1 17* i 2COO Orlg Bullfrog. 2*
SCO C Eureka..... l 20 10CO Orlg Blfg. bOO ZZ
20C0 Congress 13(1000 Ori* Bullfrog. 23
2000 Den Bullfrog. 22| SCO Red Top 40
2000 Dixie 13, 3GO Sandstorm Ex. OS
2COO Eclipse. • 5.. 32: K.O S.lvtr Pick .. 11
500 Eclipse 33120U0 Ton Home Con 09
1000 Eclipse. D 30. 3t>il3oo Ton Midway.. l 33
1000 Empire 07! 1' " Virginia 10
500 Gold Anchor.. 97120C0 W3l End,s3.l 07*,
"N CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District.
Bid. Ask.i Bid. Ask.
Belmont .....1 25 1 301 MacNamara... *0 42
Boston Ton .. — W Midway IS2I 33
Brgr's JB Ex — I^'Mlzpah Ex /.. 11 13
California ... 08 10; Mont Ten ....3 lt> 313
Cash Boy ... 17 1» Mon Plttsbur* — 13
Colehan — If I Monitor 02 —
Eula Cor. ... — 17 N V Ton Con. — 19
Gold Anchor- 86 90 : North Star.... 6O (51
Golden Gate. — CSiOhio Ton 31 -a;
Gold Mt 12 14! Red Rock Ex. — 13
Gold Mt Con. — 01! Rescue C 9 09
Great Westrn 03 (UlTon Exten ...562557
Irsd Tonopah.. 01 OBITon Home Con 0« 09
Home fr» Wj Ton Sly * Gtd 15 ' —
Jim Butler .. 77 — Ton of Nev. l4 12 14 50
J Butler Ex. — 20; United Ton ..01 C 2
Little Ton* ..1 73 2 23iWest End ...1 03 1 10
Lucky Tom.. — 01!
Goldfleld District.
Adamt -. M C 5 Hlbernla ..... 10 —
AtUnta 07 C^Hlghlsnd — 28
Aurora 10 12; Jumbo M Co.. 70-73
Black Ants .. — 04.Jumbo Ex ... 14 ,13
Black Butte.. 23 — [Juno 01
Blk Butte Ex 02 04 Kendall 13 .14
E'jct Rock.. 02 03! Kendall Ex .. — 10
Mlnlns Stocks.
EASTERN JIAIIKETS.
Trade In Poultry was moderately active and
prices cf everything in the Chicken line wers
well maintained. The receipts were moderate
and Included a larger proportion of large young
stock than of late. A car of Western is ex
pected to arrive late to-day.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 19i@2Ic fer lb for
old an'l 2415200 for young: Geese. p«t ;air,
>1 -.o<gl 7">; Goslings. (1 75^2; Ducks. $.1 50
64 per dozen for old and $4©'4 50 for young.
Hens $4@5 for small and $5 50@6 for
larce' young Roosters. $4 50Q6: old Rocs
ter« '$4 60©5: Fryers. $>g4: Uroilers. $l"&a:
Piceons. $1 25; Squabß. $1 50<gl 75.
GAME— Hare. $1 s*>@l 75 per dozen; Cot
tontail Rabbits. $1 5C@2 per dozen.
Poultry and Gnme.
OMAHA. Aug. 10.— CATTLE — Receipts.
2500 h*ad. Market steady. Native steers,
! $'{ 75* i.*> 50; cows and heifers. 52 7554 30:
Western steers. S}(g3 40; Texas steers, $2 :751 ft
3 75- cows and heifers, f2«3 e0: canncrs. ?1 50
y2 50; stockers" and feeders. $2 J5-94 25;
calves $3frfs 50: bulls and stags. $2 2563 <5.
H OGS ReceiptE. 7CCO head. Market steady.
Heavy $5 75'«5 90: mixed. $s<go light,
Is^SSJS i>:.: pigs. $4 75Q5 50; bulk of sales,
* 3 =HEEP— Receipts. 200 head. Market steady.
Western yearlings. §4 45@5 50; wethers, $4 40,
@4 75; ewes, $4 35ff14 50.
Oruaha.
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 10.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. SOOO h?ad. Market steady. Native
stters, $3 73fi5 60: native cows and heifers,
SI 03® 4 65: stockers and feeders. $2 75g* 35;
bull* $2fft.J 25: calves. $355 50; Western
<=tecrs S3 251H 0(^. "Western cows, .s2^3 75.
HOG- 1 — Receipts, 6000 head. Market weak
to 5c lower. Bulk of salts, $5 »O@U; h«av>\
§5 Ss@s 95: packers. $5 90^0 0o: pig 3 and
Jieht $5 OOCtjiC 05.
SHEEP— R<*c<r-ii>ts, 3000 head. Market stronif.
Lambs, ?5 23f«0 75; range wethers, ?4 '-T>(S»
5 25- fed ewes. $3 70@4 00
Kuiimiin City.
HOGS — Keceipts, 15.000 head; to-morrow,
12 000. Market steady. Mixed and butchers,
S5 50QC 'JO; good to choice heavy, $5 000 0 lo;
rough heavy. $5 50@5 SO: light, $5 75&ti 2&;
bulk ot sates. $5 $?©»'> 10.
SHEEP— Receipt?. 111,000 head, fcheep 10ft
15c higher. Lambs steady to strong. Good to
choice wethers, $1 sCsio; fair to choice mixed.
$4 r tf4 80- Western shoep. $4§4 55: native
lambs. 55317 10; Western lambs. $03". . \u25a0
CHICAGO. Aug. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts.
95(J" head. Market steady to weak. Good to
prime steers, $5 25«f5 05; poor to medium.
$3 75@5; stockers end feeders, \u0084$2.25@1 SO;
cows $2 5034 40; heifers. $2 25g«; canners,
$1 •JS'g'J 40- bulls. $2 65©3 S>o; calves. ?."J@(;
T«xas fed stc-ers. $^ M<ai T3: Western steers.
S3 00ft 4 70
Chicnco.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. Aug. 10.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was easy:
creameries. 17ft2i>c: dairies. l«@lSc~| eggs,
earv at mark, cases included. ISMec: Hrsts. 17c;
prime firsts. ISV.C: extras, 21c; chetse. firm.
ll@ll?ic.
Butter, Cheese Jiud Kpk».
BAGS — Grain Bags. 7%©7^c; Wool Bags.
27<JWlc : Fleece Twine. "He; Fruit Bags.
COAL — Wellington. $S pjr ton: New Wel
lington. fS; Seattle. $6 3t; Bryant. $S s*:
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Roslyn. *7 : Coos Bay. Jfs oO:
Richmond, ?8: Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14- Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11*50; Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke. $11 su<gl3 rer
ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $8 50 per short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add sc; Linseed. 64c per gallon for boiled and
ti°c for raw; Castor OH. in cases. No. 1. 70c;
B~ak»rs' AA. cases. $1 14@11S; Lucol, 56c for
boiled and 54c for raw; China Nut. cases. 65®
80c per gallon: Cocoannt Oil. In barrels. 5Sc
for Ceylon and 55c for Australian-, extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc:natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c: extra ' bleached winter whal*
Oil- tS5c- natural Whale Oil. euc: extra winter
strained Lard Oil.; 7oc: No. 1 Lard Oil Cso
Pure Neatsfoot OU. «sc: No. 1 Neatsfoct OU.
STU.C- Herring Oil. 45c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled
Fish OH 35c: raw Fish Oil, 3."W: Paint Oil. 35c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE. ETC. — Water Whit*
Coal Oil. in bulk, lie: Pearl Oil. in case?.
17^c- \stral. Hue; Star. 17*4 c; Extra Star,
20V.C- Elaine. 2«c: Eocene. 19Hc: Stove Gaso
line in 'vilk. 14^c; in cases, 21c; Motor Gi.sc
llne' in bulk. 14^c: in 'cases, 21c; No. 1 En
"me D's'illate, Iron barrels or drums. Sc; No
«do 6Vi r "- cases. 6^jc more; Benzine, in bulk,
12Vjc: ca>'^s. 10c; S6;d€gree Gasoline, in bulk.
°sc: in cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE — S3c per gallon In cases aEv.
77c in-drun:s and iron barrels. • \u25a0
RE£> AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. "h-,@
Sc per ID; White Lead. 7H@Sc. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In ICO-lb bass:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.20 c;
Powdered. 5.C5c: Candy Granulated, 5.00 c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 4.05 c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
4.{isc; Fruit Granulated. 4.95 c: Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bag* only), 4.55 c: Confectioners'
A 4.95 c; Magnolia A. 4.55 c: Extra C. 4.45 c:
Golden C, 4.S. r iC: "D," 4.25 c: barrels. 10c more;
half barrels, 25c more: boxes. 50c more: WMb
bags. 10c more for all kind*. Tablets — Half
barrels. 5.45 c: boxes. 5.70 c: H. & E. Crystal
Domino*. 7.96 c per lb. No order taken for less
than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
General Merchandise.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 40€5t'c per. ctlj
White 40(g6i-c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, Ss£@
$1 p*r ctl; Garnet Chiles. 40Q50c per ctl: Sweei
Potatoes, 2W3ic per lb , •
ONIONS — Yellow, 75c@$l per ctl.
VEGETAELES--Green, Peas. a@4c per lb;
String and Wax Beans. s<?tic per lb: Lima
Beans. 7©Sc per lb: Tomatoes. #1551 50 per
box- Summer Squash, 35® 50c per box; Cucum
bers' 2Q4J3OC per box; Piekk- Cucun'oers. nom
inal; Cabbage. TOe per ctl; Carrol-. 75c per
sack- Garlic. :j®4c p?r lb; Egg Plant. 73c<USl
per box; Green Peppers, T.Cm&:7sc p^r box tor
Chile ani 75c(g»l for BeU > Okra. *lgl 25
per box- Green Corn. s<X:6sl 25 per sack and
$1 2J/jl i« per crate.
Tomatoes were the only description on the
li*-t of vegetables to show any marked firm
ness. Supplies of that veguiable were light
and controlled by a few dealers, who were
exacting high pric*s for the »iuck. The other,
vegetables were in freft supply and generally
weak.
Receipt? of river Potatoes continued light
and the market for that linj of goods was
in better Shape, there being a good inquiry
for shipment to outslci* points. Prices were
no higher, however. Salinas Burbanks were
in increased supply and rath?r easy. Onions
were inclined to easiness, all shipping orders
having been filled. The steamer Sonoma took
out over UOtlO crates for Australia and New
Zealand
Potatoes, OnlonM and Vegetables.
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
?tr~ti+ report of Edward A. Beal&, Section Di
rector I'r.itcd Mates Weather Bureau for the
fcOrecon Crop Bulletin, week ended August «,
:-* &i follows:
The week, like the two preceding or.es. was
arm and dry. These ccndUions. were excH
,• Dt for harvesting grain, and this work was
pached along with unusual rabidity. Fall
i%r.<u! and barley yields cjr.Ur.ue good, both
r. auantity cr.d Quality, but spring wheat is
ocming uj-. to ex[«ctaiions, csr>eciaJly in
:..- Willamette Vailey, where nis: and the
\u25a0.pMdea were s>o pientiti;l earlier :n the t*a&on.
Ttte »:rsw of bprtac wheat and oats was
hfca\-y and Uie heads, fab a ruJe. of average
size, but the berry in many cases is shriveled,
vh:ci. accounts for the shortage,
Pasturage :s very short in the vmUeya, but
H continue* lairiy good in the mountain
„ range b. and su.Lii keeps in unusually go.xi
o-adition. All ftr^arr.* are falling and the
v. ator Ripply for irrigation is getting scarce.
Sugar beets, field onions and early potatoes
eve n:aki.is good advancement, but late pota
toes are at a sttaridstij: end need rain bad!y.
forn is extra good. Hops show improvement
sjrjfi the Uce have r.esjly a!l dlsa?;>eared, but
growers generally expect yield* below the ay
, Er.l also a return cf lice with the ad
vect of fa.irora.bSe weather for their propaga
'ti n.
Early apples are srr.all and the yields are
below the average. Peaches are being mar
k'tej and tiie crop is bolter than expected.
The dry weather Is cauFinp rrunes and ptauna
tv dfer* more than usual at this season of the
; tar.
Dried Fruits Still Advancing.
Lett reports from New York regarding
Dried Frost ar* es follows:
•The market lor I'alifomia varieties ccn
tiruf-K to reflect a rtror.K feeling on the coast.
Is :s a sellers' market according to weil
\u25a0^sted: attlhorltl*e, the sellers here meant bc-Ine
growers. whOFe crops are sbort and are
W r:r.e on a harp market. This being th* case
T- pr->wer is in a more Independent position
than fer many years, if ever before, and seems
*o make the most of It. He is btine
\u25a0- 1 in this altitude at jiresent by the
• - i . packers to cover short *al»s of
i and apriccts. notably the fcrmer.
were made at & time when there was
every reascn to expect heavy crops. The re-
Fulvof mjcJi eJTorts has been to fores prices
up to a point so much above buyers' views
that little if any additional business for ship
ment 'rora the coast is possible at present,
iccts the lowest prir«? <;unt. d or. Au
>rus: Vh:pr;'.er.t. t to far as iz-arnid. is <s»tc f.
1 I for choice Royals in bap?, whi'.e peaches
art h":a ca the ba>t« of «.^ 4<4 <- f. o. b. for
choJoe. SrptembfT shipment. The Prune rr.sr
i»t is sti". somewhat unsettled, though the
unJprtnr-.e is firm ar.d the tendency of prices
is upward. Santa C.aras. li«--.-> crop, for first
!i of October shipment, are generally held
on a u ! 4<- f- o. b. bag- basis, while yesterday a
r^Vsrarn way received from a prominent
r-scker declining to sell any more on less than
a MHc f o. b- tas'.s. Raisins continue in de- :
mand. but business is restricted by the limit- I
t-d r*r-rir.)Cß. Looce rr-jscateis en the spot h*re j
a; r*a- to be entirely cl^an^d up. and mince- |
ir<-a: makers who have been '.n the market .
v^\. bad to «^ver tb»-:r rrTJir-ments with |
' t-tork. The latter is scarce and pet-
ling scarcer under a steaiy demand. The prin
cip*l holder of fan^y coast seed-d !n this 1
— - j rVtei has raised h:s quotation to • HsC. A !
:i'u;e stock cr that praoe is said to be cft>r- j
me frcm the roast on that parity, or «c f. o.
b * Currant* are <;uiet on the spot, the higher j
rricei checking tie d*tr.ar.d. V.ut holder* ad- j
1< r- (Irmly to the advance-! quotation*. '
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil stock*— Bid. Asked.
Arline So
Apollo 20 '.'.'.'.
Asso. OH Stock. Tr Cert 37 53
Aztec 1 ft> ....
California Standard \u25a0 '38 ....
Central Point Con 104 ....
Chicago Crude 33 ....»
Claremont 73
Forty 44 4S
Four 45 47
Giant 50 ....
Illinois Crude 2©
Imperial 13 OO 13-75
Independence .t 27 23
Junction 17
Kern 13 OO ....
Kern (new) i©
McKittrick C 9 ....
Monte CrUto So 82V,
Occidental of W Va........ 02 03
Oil City Petroleum 60 64
Petroleum Center .... 03
Pitisburfr 00
Reed Crude 2* ....
Stnator 1 6O ....
Sovereign 23
Stirling 1 9t>
Superior \u25a0 05 (*t
Thirty-three 450 60*>
Toltec «O
Twenty-eight 11 OO
Wabash 4i»
, Wolverine 75
Gas & Electric-
Northern Cal Pow#r ." 0 25 10 00
SALES.
' ." Mornlns Session.
Board —
6T.1 Asso. Oil CO Stock Tr Cert 37
200 Occidental Oil 02
Afternoon Session.
Board—
300 Independence Oil 27
100 Independence Oil 23
2OU Monte Cristo OU 80
CHICAGO. Aug. 10.— Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady: No. 2 red wheat.
81<gS2^.c; No. 2 corn. soc: No. 2 yellow, 56c;
No 2 oats?. 26=ic; No. 2 white. 274025 c: No.
3 white. 26%<325c: No. 2 rye. 58c; fair to
choice malting barley. 40-!i43c: No. 1 flaxseed.
$1 07: No. 1 Northwestern. $1 17; prime timo
thy seed. $3 30; mess pork, per bbl. $14 10©
14 15- lard per 100 lba, ?7 65; short ribs
side* (loose). fS 80©S 40: short clear sides
(boxed). $S <S%©B 75; whisky, bamb of high
Wines. $1 2S; clover, contract grade. $12.50®
12 A'rtlcles— Receipts. Shipmonts.
Flour barrel- • • 20- 700 2320<i
r lour, u.trr ci> ./u,. /u , £» Siv.
Wheat, bushels 1*2, .00 585.500
p,, m bushels 128.000 44AU>0
SaS; bushels ::. 4ie:500 341.300
Rye, bu^els • «.WO
Bailey, Bushels l-.ioo l.iuo
Cn«h Grain and Provisions.
Blackeye Beans are quoted higher and firm
at the 'advance, with elender stocks. Other
wise there is nothing new In the market.
Limas continue to show steadiness.
BEANS — Bayos. $4<g4 00; Pea, $3(J:{ 50;
Butter. $2 5C@4; small White. $3 25@3 75; larg*
White, $2 Co@2 90; Pink. $1 50@2 50 for fair
to good and $3 2,1fi3 75 for choice; Red. $3 s')
67; Lima, $5 uo>Ss 65; Red Kidneys, $3Q4 50;
ttiackeyts, $3 25«3(i 50 per ctl: Horse Beans
$1 255?2.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 3053 75; Yellow
Mustard nominal; Flax, ?2 25(&2 75: Canary.
e%c; Alfalfa, 10@llc for California and 12@
13c for Utah.: Rape. 2%@3%c; Timothy, nqml
nal- Hemp. 3%c per lb; Millet. 2%<g3%c;
Broom Corn Seed. $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. H 70(52 25; Green
Peas, $2(5:2 25.
licans ami Seeds.
The following quotations are for rood sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, leas 40©
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. s%s|t>c: Cow* and Heif
ers. 454% C. *
CALVES— 3%@4c Fer lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 3%63%c: Ewes. 2®3%c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — 52 75®3 per bead. "
HOGS — Live Hogs. 130 to 200 lbs, 5%@6c;
over 200 lbs, 5%@5%c; Feeders, nominal: SOW 3,
°0 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off. and
Stags, 40 per cent off from above quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: '
• BEEF— 4%@5%c for Steers and 3%«4%c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large. «3<?7c; small. B®9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%©7% c; Ewes. 5@6%c
per lb.
LAMB— SSS%c per lb
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6U£9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.'
DRESSED MEATS.
All conditions remain as heretofore stated.
Meal Market.
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. AskJ Bid \slt-
Bay CPC 63.1«m%107W(5F Drydk ss. 115 ; —
B L Wat «s.H3 — iSF &NP ss. — 111U
C»» >•*?• - IS P C R 4s. 03 -
M C Wat 3a. — 114 !Sun Tel 65...11 Hi —
OkT Con 55.103 1C5%! Do 5s .. — 11"S4
Ris I Wks6s.lol — I Suttr-st R35.103 110
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co-.. — 23 [Mai Nay Co. 113 —
Cai Cot Mils S2 — (Mills Nat Bk SCO
Cal G&ECor. 61 — iN3 R R Co. I*»U
C Jockey Cl. 120 - In Ca! P Co. 9% -*
Cal Powder. 173 — Oak Bk Say.l« —
S a i £ W . P £°~ ~ 23 ' lOOF Hall A «U —
Cal T.I &T— 142%;orpheum Co. — l«ii
Cen Bk Oalc - 67% PacC Cas C 0,134 140
Chutes Co .. 4 3 \u25a0 Pac Sur Co.. l"O
City & C 8k.107%119 Paraf Paint.. 00 _
Cj-p L Imp.: — 6 3 F Drydcck — 73
DptPwd pfd. 85 00 jSF & SJCoal. 22% —
Do com ..70 — S Jo»e Wat.. 103 V.
FN Bk. 0ak.120 - SO & MT X J>t.l2s^ -
Fischer Thtr — 1% Swiss- A Bk I°3
Gas Con A. 19 2O\ I !Trnek Elect.. 14«4
Hono P Co.. — 35 ! Union S Co.. 35
Do old poo] — S3 IW-Fargo 8k.203
1 100; Do i/fd i 90^: 99% i 99 1100
200, Am Cotton 011.-j 29« i S»?»| 30 1 30%
IOO| Do pfd I U4 j I>4 1 «2 j itj
Am Ulßt Te1....i j I IS) ; 31
Am Kxjjrts-s ....; j !2&>s4<24d
Am Gr Twine Co! i j 5 : , l 4 | «>
10<JAni Hi<sf <ni L...J 7Ui 7%j 7 < 7%
100 Do pld 39&1 3U»ij 3» ; 3'J%
Am L:ntctd i---'--i i 1" I 2"J
S i Dv pfd j | I 40 ; 43
3.700{Am Loccir.otlvo.: 48^1 47%. 4S j 45%
100, Do pM :112 112 |111%j112
I ;Am Malt ! i | 41, i;4 l , i; 4%
j , Do pfd i I (24 ,24%
: 39,«00iAm fcni &Rf Col.to»gil29 s 4 12»% V--0%
1.700| Do Kfl '123 ;122%1-'2% 1 1^-% 1
(i,*Am '144-. 142'j;143? 5 ;H4
2l>oi Do p:d [139%;i59%i139 |140
400. Am Steel Fdrlcs; 9%' «•'.»( 10
2CH.t: Do pfd I 4U ;-4i) i 39%; 40%
J An Tel & T Co.j i ;l3^ |14<"»
\u25a0> .Am Tob pfd ...-I j j 97%j 97%
tsOO^Am Wooltn '37 • 3<j?i; 3(5% i S'i"*^
! 7w. Do p:d :l(r_'%;lo2->5'1<2%,103: l(r_'%;l02->s'l<2%,lo3
|. 2.9oo' Anaconda ;117 ill 6 116 116%
I Ann Arb-or j 35 40
: ! Do pfd ! I 7» I S5
B'WiAtian Coast Llne;i67% 165^1167 iI6S
• SS.OOOA T & S F ; fe9%i 68 ' 8-S%i S9
4w», Do i.fd [103%|103%|103i4i103?4
I 11.700 Bait & Ohio |115%!llo t lls«s 115%
! SOO Do pfd |99 j99 ;93 i 99
j Bay State Gas. . j. ;. . . [ I 3-l»>' %
7,3«>:b R T j 70 i 6S%j 69>4] 69%
I Brook In Gas... ; J 'lt>7 :i95
100'Bruns 1} & I \u25a0 15>*' 15»-i 15% 1 15%
j !BuUer:ek Co --.! j j 54 60
j Canada Southern! | | 71 »i! 72
3.4 CO .Canadian Paclficjl6646|lss%UsAJfc|ls6tf
4.0001 C & O I 54%j 54 j 54-\i 55
400 C & A |41 I 40% 41 | 41%
300 i Do jfd 81% i SI ! SII4I 81%
• 'C & E I pfd 1 130 JI4O
! ;c 1 & L i>M 1 i 70 i 90
j 12.4THC &G W j2l 20% j 20% 121
30iV, Do pfd A ! 69V C>9 ! 69% I 70
500] Do rfd B ; 33* i! 33% 1 33%: 33?4
! ; Do debs ! f j 85%: £7
2.5001 C & N W 221 219% 220 " 2^O K
i t£2OO!C M*Ht P il^3? i ilSo% 16C1%'1S3 !1 I
100 Do pfd IISS JISS ;IS7 ;I£9
B^oo{C R I& P (new)! 32%! :siu; ;$2 < 32%
2.000! Do pfd - 77%! 76*4! 7fi*. i 77%
! C R I & P.4s ..I ! S2%\ S3
lOOjCbicago Ter , 18«4] 18% 17a«' I*%
, Do pid j j 35%! 40%
i Chicago Un Trac; I S% 9k
IOC! Do pfd I 36% 36^.: 35%) 37
7<X)C C C & Et L..'103?i 103 ilo3V*|lo4
; \u25a0 Do jr.fd [ ills il2'>
i Cltve Lor & W | | 72 j 90 '
j : Do pfd I ;105 112
1.2<:iOColo Fuel & Iron 45S 45 j 45^' 4<5
I Do pf d I I 95
1 Colum H C & I I 14 14%
400! Colorado So 2S%j 25%! 25%! 2s=s»
200, Do Ist pfd ...j 01 %; til «1% «2
: ; Do id pfd i j 40 j 40%
4/vvConscl Gas 101 1191 llftO !191
POOlOorn Products .. 9%| 9 ! 9141 9%
-- I Do pfd J. I 41 I 42
.; 25.4f«:. Pd & Hudson .224 |220% 219*4 220
! D L & W t j U.-55 1450
10Ci;D &R G ;32 32 31% 32%
...j Do pfd ' ! SCfei h7'
Df-s M & Ft D..J ' 21%; 22U
JOO.Detroit Un Ry.. 92% i 92«* 52%] 92%
|D<rUxiit So 1 j 91J 10%
i t Do pfd j j 41 I 4i
Diamond Match • j 141i<i 142
200 Distil Secur j 4214! 42%! 42 1 42%
I D<d bonds i &o s i SI
Onta«> S S & A. ! 16% 10%
•-•••\u25a0 Do rr f * ! i 34 134%
L.WOErie J ik%\ 47% 47%! 48
4.500J Do Ist pfd . S4" s 84«;, S*4 &4%
::::::::^f D 7;::::::i:::;:!?? l l^
:Gen Chemical i jC2 65
! Do pfd -.... '11)4 |106
I.COO.Gt-n Electric ... 1*2% it-0 *jIS-> |is 3
]%™< NjO P^ .» -...' '29.nji21.4%
;Grec-ne Con. Cop I 2 5 25% \u25a0
I ,Havana Tob Co !25 28
w, ': H <?Kni\*l*'y ". 'ifSht\ "nilil M% 93
DOO Do pfd 94 1 {)4 | 33^ q.
i 10.3no:minol. Centrol .;IS:>\ J74%!150% isi
4<>» Interboro 21<l'i 216 0 17 "i«
Keokuk & D M.. .... ! V"c ! V- *
:Lacied« o.» pfd.i ::::: v,5 no
: M^ Erie & w.i. 112 ,Xw j
20C, Manhattan .'.'.'.'.'\u25a0iw'*liiiik'\u i * ,li% \
pspS^M 111
7.500 Nat J>ad 49 '<7 -4S" 4S^
ill Mliii
i : uc prd !.... lu'ln- !
; 14.100,N j Cent 2»U SOB? SM 220
-\' V Air B '..."!, ijhu. Wkj
».800N V CeM 132H H7% mS iyi
3.00 C NYC & St L-. 54% 33 T si£ Zl>: I
i T>o Ist pfd .'.. no l^i»
200, Do 2d pfd.... 53%! 8-; 5.5% #i%
\2* * Dock ; "4 2(J
N V, N 11 & H. 205tt209
IH.Kh; N y. Ont & W.'A li^ 52^!"^"^:
!.. 1^ N DtYfd-::::::i.^Hi 8^
I.OWi North Amt-r ... 100% 63% 100% 101
Northern Secur .! 1 177 17s
5.10<i Northern I'ac ..'2lO I2OS 210 212
2.71W Omaha |IDB i; 34 193 is?
i £>o pfd I i uq 200
|O S L 4c ; oe% 07
:Pa S '-cast ; : 03% 03
I ! Ij o J £t pf<s 104 " 110
j Do 2d pM i ! 03 95
JOOlPariflc Mall ....j 4i |44 44 44% I
71.4(*JP R R Co |144%:i}2Si 143% 144 j
1. Got;. People's Gas ... :iOt,s.i'lO<i= s;lO<3Us ;10<3U 106*4 '
' Do pfd 100 112 I
300 Pr Stce! Car . . . . 4«% in 40% 4UU
ICC Do Dfd 95 95 93 95%
400 Pull Cjt Co . .242^1242 242% 24»
Swßy skp Co .... 3014 36 :;evi' 30%
\u25a0 Do pfd 1 99 jlOO*
I €4.7W) | R«>adins [loS%|lo«*£ ICSUJICStt'J
I 200 Do Ist pfd... IHS ' fil 01'.<.i 9.">
VtO. Do 2<l ptd JH'ii 01% Wl"\ H5
40O.R<?pub S & I 21%! 21«i4; 2i%i 21H
2.10f. ; Do pfd S7 ) S«' SP%| soil
-•}f»o;R;ibb*:r Goods .. 3o'-4 34% H4?4!
20CI Do pfd 9JV. fi9Vi 99 ! J»r»%
ooois ss & 1 C 0..! 91 &)% 80-y 4 90 i
) Do pld 107% 12f> i
s J & G 1 ! 14 " n-;%
I Do Ist pfd ...I 53 53%
Do 2d pfd j 25-. 20
St L&SF Is: pfd 76-'< i 79
Do 2d pfd CSV-j CS*i
WOJSt L & S W .. 23% Zl% 23% 24
I,loo] Do pfd C2%i KOV- 02" 03
13.4CK* Southern Pacific. CO C 5% C 3% PA
i Do prd ins us% i
4,sfiO!Southern . Rallwy 35>i 34% l 35 35%
€00 Do pfd 99% 9OV4J »9% 99%
iStandard Oil ) |617 620
(Standard R& T. 1% 1%
6.3POT<-nn C & 1... 90% *W t 89% 90
{Texas PLTCo 43 44
l.OOOlTtxas Pacific .. 34% 34% 34% 35
Third Aye 127 127%
Toledo R&TCo 34% 34%!
200 Toledo St L&W 39 37% 139 39V.
200 Do pfd 57% 57H1 57% 67%
200!T\vin City R T 116% 11C%i116% 117
Union B & P {•••'••I 10., IOVI
....... Do pfd |..... 75 75%
66.400 Union Pacific .. 132% 131 131% 132'
1.900 i Do pfd ...... OSV4 95%
U P Conr 4'b 131% 132
iUnited Copper 32% 32%
200;Unft Rds of S F 72%| 72 I 71% 73
400f Do pfd .. 69% i 59% 89'/ 4 89%
I Do 4's j 1..... 91 91%
1.600iU SCI Pipe ..| Sliil 30%j 31%! 81%
600] Do pfd 9314 92% 5614 S6si
|U S Express 123 120
100;U S Leather .. 13% 13*4 13^4 13^
I Do pfd 110% 110=5*
U S X &. Cons. I 90 sUVi
|U SR& R Co 33 33',^
1 Do pfj ...*. 71 73
200.U S Rubber .. 51% 511* 51U '51^i
! Do pfd I |109>4 110'ys
47,3m:, V S f-teel Cor..j 35% 35% j 35% 33%
SO.SOO Do pfd 103% 103H 103%|103A4
Va-Car Chem Co 31 ] 34if.
Do pfd 1107% ICS
lOO.Wabaeh llHi 19% 19 1»%
200 Do pfd 40% 40% 40% 41
Do deb B's 70 72
.......<Wells Fargro Ei 235 250
loo| Western Union.. 93% 93« i 93% 93%
Westinghouse ICO ICB
I Do Ist pfd ...j 190 195
W & L E 16 16%
400 Do Ist pfd ... COlf:! 39 39 10
Do 2d pfd 1 22 23
9.7oo; Wisconsin Cen .20 | 25 23Vi 20
ll.OOot Do pfd GSV-i 54 i 55»i 55%
SOOlAllis Chalmers.. 17 16%| lG?4j 10%
200| Do pfd I 55% 5& 5S j SSV*
'Japs Ist Bonds. l 101% 1101%
j Do 2d Bonds.. l 90'.-il 09%
j Do 4% Bonds. l | 92%| 92%
753.300 — Total shares sold.
X*n York Bonds.
~C S ref 2S2 S reg..104 Japan 6s. cert 101%
Do coupon 104 Japan Us, 2d ser. 03 Vi
Do 3* reg 103 Vi Japan 4V,s. c^rt.. 02^4
Do coupon 10-Ki L & N unified 45.1(!4
Do new 4s reg.l32'i! Man con sold 45.1044
Do coupon i:i2V>)Mex Central 45...-77 r ;H
Do old 4s reg.. lol Do Ist mc 2:Ui
Do coupon 104 Minn & ?t L 4s. 97's
Arefr Tob 4s 7LH M, X & Texas 45.102 Vi
Do Cs 115%| Do 2ds 56%
Atch ptn 4? 101% I NR of Mcx con 4s s:i^ 2
Do adj 4s 9S |N V C gen 3%r.. 09
1 Atiant!c C L 48.102%|N J C gen 5s 134%
j Bait & Ohio -is. .lW'ii Nor Pacific 4s 105%
Do 3'is <13%! do 3S3 S 77
I Central cf Ga 5?. 114 !O S L refdg 45... 90%
Do Ist mc SflW Nvw & con 4?.102V4
Do Cd mc S7 Pa cony o'^s 105
' Chfs i Ohio 4iis.llO j Heading gen 45.. .102%
j Chi & Alton 3Vis. SO ] S L & I M con ss.l3t>U
: O. B & Q new is.iomist L & S F fg 4s. SS^i
C. R I & Pa.; 4s. S3 [ft LS W con 4s. 82
Do col 5s 94^1. Seaboard A L 4s. o'ji,i
! C.C.C & SL«n 4s.ia-;i,i!So Pacific 4s 95
1 Chi Term 4s 05 i Do Ist 4s, cert. 97
Colo Midland 45.. 7f: ISo Railway 5s i:9%
I Co!» & So 4s Ji4 I Tex & Pac 15t5..122H
! Colo Ir.d ss. fer A 73*;JTol. St L & W 4s. 85%
Do ?s. fer 8.. 71% [Union Pacific 4s. 105%
; Cuba ss. cert 10S Do cony 4<= 131H
I Den & Rio G 45.1014'u S Steel 2d 55.. 97U
! Dist Securities 5s SI | Wabaeh lsts 118 "
Erie prior lien 4s.lol<m Do deb B 71
Do gen 4s !W%| Western Md 45... SS
! F W <Sr D C lsts.U4»~,! W & L Erie 45... 9*iJ
Hock Val 4i±s...llO%!\Yis Central 4s 94
Xevr Vorli ..inlne Stocks.
j Adams Con 21| Little Chief 05
j Alice r..V Ontario 2 00
: Brcece 42!Or.hir .' 6 50
I Bruns Con 14! Phoenix C 2
i Comstock Tunnel. 07| Potosi CS
I Con Va Mm Co.. 1 20] Savage 56
i Hern Silver 1 75: Sierra Nevada.... 32
Iron Silver 3 50j >mall Hopes . 28
Leadville Con C 6] Standard 130
HiiMii'i *>tov.^:< aud Bonds.
Money — v S Steel 35*4
Call loar.s 2Uf? ju Do pfd 103%
I Time loans 2*4-3414 Westing Common. S4
\u25a0 Bonds — j Mmmg —
Atchison 4s IU2 (Adventure sii
Do adj 4f S6^'Allouez 34C4
M(-x Central 45.. 7G | Vmal Copper .S4
Railroads— Amer Zfnc —
j Atchison SS?4|Atlantic 1734.
Do pfd lOtf j Bingham SO'A
: Boston & Albany.2ss Calumet & Hec]a.67. r .
Boston & Maine. .l 77 Centennial 2514
Boston E'.ev 153 Copper Kange ... 7o^i
Fitchburg pfd 14C Daly West 14
Mcx Central 22V»jDom Coal 77
N Y. N H & H..2<i9 'Franklin liv
Pere Marquette... 97ij!Granby 71,:
Union Pacific ...132 ! isle Royale 20
Miscellaneous — | Mass Mining .... Q
I Amer Axgfl Chem. 2";^4; Michigan 14U
! Do pfd 91 1£ Mohawk S4Vi
; Amer Pncu Tube. C | .font Coal & Coke 2%
! Amer Sugar 143\SJOld Dominion ... 27U
Do pfd ]39iiOsceola 0014
! Amer Tel & Tel.l3S^l 2 r i
Am?r Woolen ... 36%iQuincy .. irs
Do pfd IQ2%!Shannon III?**
' Dora Iron & 5... 32%! Tamarack IT* '
Ed Elect 11ium.. 2^.0 I Trinity <sW
Gen Electric I*o% United Copper .. S2U
Mass Electric... 17% U S Mining 33U
Oo pfd m f SOU lfl«
Mass Gas 49«4 Utah 4 .^
United Fruit 10(jUj| Victoria 3%
Un Shoe Mach... *:i "iWlnona .'.'.'.'. ltS
Do Pfd 32Vi] Wolverine !119
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. 90% Vv V Central IS^U
Do for acct 90% X or & Western f,S
Anaconda C Do pfd 96
Atchfson 90% Ont & Western. 5414
Do pfd IO«; ; Pennsylvania rii;
Rait & Ohio lIS 1 Rand 'Mines .' ' jrn^
Can Pacific KO4! Reading ..;.. 551/
Ches & Ohio r)6'il IJa-lst pfd "«5
Chi Great West.. 21 Do 2d pfd 471'
Chi. Mil & St P.m So Railway .... 3614
De Beers 17 Do pfd ie»
Den & Rio 0.... 33U So Pacific ...'." 6714
Do pfd 59%! Union Pacific ...'.VUV
Erie 49 | Do pfd 100
Do Ist pfd.... 88$ j U 5 ?te«l 3(3.%
Do 2d pfd 77 i Do pfd 10<!'T
111 Central 179 Wabash .. ... "a *
Ixiuls & Nash 151%; Do pfd " 4-
M. X & Texas... 30%; Spanish 4s " .<)•>
Bar silver— Steady; 27 5-1W per ounce. "
Money — lUig-2 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market
for thort bills |« 1 11.82©1« pc ? en and
for three moaths' bills I%@l 5-10 per" cent.
The comparatively high prices for choice
Wheat Hay have drawn in larger arrivals ot
this description and there Is now what the
dealers call "a little glut" in It. Otherwise
there is nothing ne%v, the market still belns
heavily supplied and weak.
Aside from a wider range in Rolled Bat ley
there is no change in Feedstuffs.
BRAN — $21 5C@22 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S*JtJ(&2B 50 ptr ton.
SHORTS— S-'3i624 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $21@23;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $03 50@34 50; jobbing
$35; Cocoanut Cake at mill, $22^22 50; Jobb.ng
$23; Cocoanut Meal at mill. $22©22 50; Jobbing.
$•23; Corn Meal, $30330 50; Cracked Co.n,
*30 50Q31; Mixed Feed, $22 50@24; Horse
Hi. ans. $;.-tu@ 10 p<r ton; Broom Coru Feed, uuo
per ctl: Calfalfa Meal, carload lots,. $21; Jcb-
Ling. $22 50 per ton: MealfaSfa. $13 in car lots
and $20 for smaller quantities.
HAY— Wheat, $7@13 50; Whtat and Oat.
$(tysl2 50; Oat. $6SU: Barley and Oat, $U 50ig
0 50- Barley, $U@9- Volunteer Wild Oat. $5@7;
stable. SOftS- stock, $S<SU; Clover. $7@10; Al
falfa, SU@y per ton.
STRAW — aufcoOc v>er tale.
Hay aud Feedstuff*.
The New York Journal of Commerce has re
ports of contracts for California and Oregon
1905 Hops at 14ij@15c and reports a flrm mar
ket for this product.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands s*ll
about H@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 12c; medium. ll%c: light, lie; Cow
Hides, lie for heavy and lie for light;
Stags, S%c: Salted Kip. lie; Salted Veal. 12c;
Salted Calf. 12Vi@13c; dry Hides. 19Vac; dry
Kip. 17c: dry Calf. 22c: Sheepskins, shearlings.
25@. r oc each: short Wool. SC@UOc each; medium.
90c(g$l 25; long Wool. $1 25@2; Horse Hides,
salt. $-"5 25 for large and $2 75 for mediuan.
$2 25 for small and 50c for Colls: IIors»
Hides, dry. SI 73<52 for large and $1 50 for
medium. $1 for small and 30c for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c: dry salted Mexican.
250; dry Centra! American. 30c. Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras. 75c; extra Urge do. (1 25;
large. 50c: medium. 50c: small, 32c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4&4Uc-T>er lb;
No.* 2 3©<s4c; Grease, 2§2MsC
. WOOL— Spring clip — Humboldt and Mendo
eino ''SSTSOc. Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs,
free' 17Q.19c; do. defective. 15018 c per lb.
HOPS— I9O4 crop. 15®lSc per lb; 1903 crop,
14©15 c .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 SO®
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 7C®5;
Oregon and Washington, joboing at $4tf± oO
per bbl.
FARINACEOUS GOODS— Prices in package!
are a» follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100
lbs; Kye Flour. $3 75; Rye Meal, $3 50; Rice
Flour, $8; Corn Meal. $2 75; extra Cream do.
$3 75; Oat Meal. $4 I'5Q4 50; Oat Groats. $4-60;
Hominy. $3 75fc4; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50®
4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina. $4 30;
Whole Wheat Flour, *3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls.
$6 50<S7 5<J; in sacks, $C©7; Pearl' Barley. $U;
Split Peas, boxes. *5 Hi; Grten Peas, $5 5u per
100 lbs.
Kiour and .Farinaceous Goods.
Aoglo-C»l .. Sd — M»r Trust-.. *10 240
Bank ot CaL — — Merch Ex.. . . 53 —
Cal Safe Dp.ls« 162 X* S F National — 180
Frst Nationl.3lo 320
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2520 — (Say & L So.. — 100
Hum Say Bk — — (sec Say 8k..395 —
Mutual Sav.lO2HlC6 ICnion T C 0.2700 33C0
S F Say tJ.630 |
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..210 — 1 Presidio 39^ 41
Geary — 40 j
POWDER.
Giant Con .. 71% — I
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. Ss«i — 'MakaweH C. — 38«
Honcka* SC 16 — roncw* SC. 38^4 3T
Hutch S P C 14% 14T4! Paauhau S C 22H —
Kilauea S C. 4 SVi! -
MISCELLANEOUS
Alaska P A. 86% S7V Oceanic S Co 4* i%,
Cal FCA. — 101 |Pac Aux FA. 4 S
M\& MtTm. — — JPac S Tel Co.l(>m —
SALES
Morning Session.
Board —
f 20 Alaska Packers' Association. . . £S 50
10 Alaska Packers' Association... SS CO
100 Alaska Packers* Asgociatlon. . . S8 23
63 California Wine Association. . . si 00
100 Giant Powder Con 71 50
1W) Hawaiian Coml & Sugar S3 So
150 S F Gas & Electric «8 50
125 S F Gas & Electric... 6? 62*4
240 S F Gas & Electric 6S 73
75 S F Gas & Electric 69 to \u25a0
$2,000 N P C R R ss. s 10 103 CO
$3,000 Pacifle Electric Ry 5s 112 CO
: $5,000 Spring Val Wat -to (3d mtge)..loO 37« i
; $2,000 United R R of S F 4s 91 S7U
! $3.0C0 United R R of S F 4s 91 s<>
$10,000 United R.RofSK 4s ...91 23
$17,000 Lo* Angeles Ry 5s 119 00
Street—
20 S F Gas & Electric 88 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association. . . S7 87*4
25 Alaska Packers' Association... S7 si>
10 Alaska Packers' Association... S7 25
10 Alaska Packers' Association. . . S7 00
10 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar S5 50
25 Oceanic S S Co 4 7.1
40 Paauhau S P Co 22 75
25 S F Gas & Electric tJ9 00
75 Spring Valley Water Co 37 50
Street —
53,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s 112 00
Wall-street Stocks Irregular. Cotton again lozver.
Comstock shares weaker and Tonop'ah's firmer.
Silver lower. Nezv York Exchange declined.
Government issues its Wheat, Oat and Com report,
i I heat Futures lower. Cash Barley higher.
Hay, Beans and Feedstuff s about as before.
Potatoes steadier. Large shipment of Onions to Australia.
Poultry and Game steady at previous quotations.
Fruit market zveli supplied with the seasonal varieties.
Dried Peaches, Apricots and Prunes make another advance.
Butter higher, Cheese firm and Eggs rat Jiericeai.
Provision and Meai markets as previously quoted.
, RAISINS— I9O4 crop f; o. b. Fresno— Dehesa
dusters. $1 3i#l 10; London Layers. 83803 c:
Loose MnscateU. 4-crown. 5%c; 3-crown. 4»4c;
2-crown. oVjc; Thompson's Seedless, \u25a0i'nc:
Seeded. 4U£<s%c per lb. ,»-,^.. i
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softahell. l-1?13c; ]
No. 2. 10811c: 'No. 1 hardshell.' .l2e: ?.
10c: Almonds, lbfil'c for Nonpareils. US ltc
for I X L and Ne Plus Ultra and ll©l2c for
Languedoc; Peanuts. 6®7c for Eastern; re
cans. llglSc: Cocoanuts. $4 50®5. _
HONEY— Comb. 10®llc for white and .09c
for amber: water white extracted. ?©5Hc;
light amber extracted. 4gsc; dark. o®Jiic;
Hawaiian, 2ff2*dc for extracted. .
BEESWAX— 27g29c per lb.
.*,',"_,,\u25a0; w t ' provisions.
The market continues firm but quiet.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium. 13fcc for lignt.
14c for extra light and 10@17Vic for iujm
cured: dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies. 2«%e:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%(514c: Califor
nia Hams 12V>@13c; Mess Beef. $9 50 per bbl;
extra Mess. ?10; Family. $11: prime Mess
Pork. $14; extra clear. $19 50; Mesa, $1. 5<J;
Pig Pork. $22; Pigs* Fe«t, $5; Smoked Beef.
14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at siic per' lb lor
California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and 9^c for pure; half barrels, pure. 99* c;
10-lb ttas, 10& c; 5-lb tins. 10% c; S-lb tins.
10% c -
COTTOLENE — One half "barrel. Sftc: three
half barrels, B^c; one Uerce. &c; two tierces,
73gc: five tierces, 7%c per lb.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
market followed the issuance of the *monthly.
crop report, at Washington. Preceding tht
statistics the market was quite steady. "Tfte
opening for the September option was a shade
higher to 14® Uc lower at S2%(gS3%c. 0n a
moderate demand from commission houssfe iha'
price advanced to S3%c. The relative nrrnnpes
was due partly to decreased movemaxu^ of
wheat in the Southwest. Receipts to-atty at
St. Louis and Kansas City were 227.000"bush
els against 424,000. bushels a year ago. An
other influence sustaining the market was hot.
damp weather in the Northwest, a condition
conducive to the development of black rust.
The volume of business, however, was .not
large, the fact that the Government report
would be made public about the middle of the
seseion seeming to act as a check on early
trading. When the condition of spring-sown
wheat was announced the figures were found
to be several points higher than had been gen
erally expected. The percentage was 89.^ as
against Wl on July 2. - Using 16 bushels as
the yield and figuring the acreage at 1i.b1.t,
000. the total yield or tprins wheat would be
in the neighborhood of 250.000.C00 bushels
For winter wheat the Government statistics
indicated a yield of 424,400,000 bushels, making
a total wheat crop In the United States ot
674,700,000 bushels. The bearish tone of the
report started active selling by pit traders and,
commission houses. As a result prices broke
severely September declining to Sl%@Sl%c.
Subsequently the market regained a portion
of the loss on covering by shorts, but the close
was weak with September down l@l%c at
Sic ' ' \u25a0 \
Notwithstanding the break In wheat the
corn market held steady the entire session.
The Government report had little effect, bep
tember closed about unchanged at 53*jC. .
OATS — The market was flrm early. Later
sentiment became somewhat bearish as a re
bult of the Government report. The market
closed easy and unchanged at 2S%c.
Provisions lacked support from packers and
in consequence the market was a trifle easier.
At the close pork was off 7%c, lard was un
changed and rits were off 2%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows.
Aitlcles— Open. High. Low. Close.
S^teX^!'.. 2 ? 83% S3* 81% |2
December S4^ ?4% SSIr SJ%
Muy S«-s S7-6 85%;- 85*
Corn No. 2—2 — ' '•'\u25a0\u25a0•; T
September, old. 64 54% W% 53%
September, new 63% 53% 53% 53£
December. ol<l.. 4S 48% 4.% \u2666£*
December, new. 46% 48% 45£j 45;*
May <J% 45% 45%
September' ."~ . 2«% 27 2*K 26%
December "'% *.;? rig rlj?
Hay 20* 23^4 20% . *>*>
Mess Pork, per bbl — •
September 14 22% 14 25 4 10^ 14 12%
OctobT 14 25 14 2j 14 12% 14 I_%
Lard, r>er 100 lbs— _ _ • .
Sspte mber 7 72% L. > % *70 ..0
October TM < S5 .SO . »
Short Ribs, per 100 !bf— - .
September 8 42« i $42% 8 3.% | 3|Ja
October S5O 850 8 42% 8 42%
good ta^hoice; new Brewing, $i 07%®l 10;
Cheva-ffer, .$1 20<gl 30 per ctl.
/ J S«ssion 9to 11:30 a. rh. .
' December— No sales; ?1 bid. $1 COU asked.
2"pJ m. Session.
December — $1.
OATS — The Government report, 1 issued -yes
terday, gives the crop of the country at BSO.-
OOO.toO bushels. '- .
The markt-t shows no "change, the demand
and supply about balancing.
Red, *l 30@l 40 tor choice, $1 22 %®1 27%
for fair to good and $1 12%@1 20 for common;
Black for seed, $1 40.
CORN — Yesterday's Government report indi
cates a- crop or about 2.093,000 bushels.
The market continues Quiet, featureless and
unchanged.
Western sacked, $1 4C@l 42% for Yellow and
White and $140 for Mixed; California iaigi-
Yellow, $1 4u@l 45; smail lounl uo, $1 osd
1 60; White. «1 37%@1 42%: Egyptian. $1 40
@1 60 for White and $1 3S&I 40 for Brown.
RYE— $l 47V>@1 02% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI '.ofeJ 25 per ctl.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 11, 10051
Future Grain and Provisions. ~.v '.
CHICAGO, Aug. Idi— Weakness in the wheat
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Continued on Page 14.
NEW YORK. Aug. 10.— A strong rally in
the tin market in London, where spot closed
at £149 10s and futures at £145 2s od, caused
a firmer tone locally, and spot closed at $3° 50
©33. <.
Copper was irresuar in London, closing at
£09 Is 3d for spot and £68 16s 3d for futures
The local market was firmer' and quotations
were raised to 515 50® 15 75 for lake and elec
trolytic, with casting at $15 12%@45 37%.
Lead was unchanged at £13 17s 6d in Lon
don and at $4 60@4 70 in the local market.
Spelter was firm at $4 70<2 v 4 75 locally and
unchanged in London, closing at £24 7s 6d.
Iron closed at 49s 4d for Glasgow and at
47e for Middlesboro. The local market was
unchanged ? No. 1 foundry northern. 510 25®
17; No. 2 do. $15 75@16 50; No. 1 foundry
southern, $15 75@1G 75; No. 2 do, 515 50@16 25
Nevr York Metal • Market.
The local trade 'continue to report an ex
tremely firm market for aJI fruits and ray
that there Is danger of the growers becozntrg
excited in their sanguine expectations regard
ing prices. The market Is undeniably flrm in
all quarters.. as will. b» seen by: the New Yoik
report in the first \u25a0 column.. Peaches. \u25a0 Prunes
and Apricots are all higher. ' There- are no
sun-dried Apples - offering at the moment.
A press dispatch from Ventura says that the
Walnut crop this year will: fall about 50 per
cent short, and the growers are trying to have
the price fixed' at 15c. .The Apricot crop la
also reported -deficient, being: about 1000 tons,
flgalnst 1500 last
FRUITS — Apricots. 6%@SV;C for new crop
\u25a0Royal* and 7%®11c-for Moorparks: Peach*?,
7c "for ' standards. 7tf#r7%c for eholee. 8e
for extra' ohoice ' : and S^c for fancy;
Pears, old. 7@llc: Plums, nominal : new.Evap
orated Apples,. 7sisc:.9un-dried. — - -er lb;
new Figs, boxes. 50c for choice, 53c for "xtra
choice and: 6oc for fancy: bulk white. 2*i©4c
per lb. r ..-;.. . -
. PRUNES— OId crop, 2% 15 3c per lb for the
rour sizes and 3<53VJc basis for the large six«u.
New crop Prunes, SQ^^c, ; four size basis.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15TWO MEMBERS OK THE STATE BOARD OF DENTAL, EXAMINERS \u25a0'WHO
PVSSIf]) TUX LIE DIRECT YESTERDAY AT THE INVESTIGATION THAT
IS BEING CONDUCTED BY THE SPECIAL COMMISSION. • ' -s
JUDGMENT. FOR ... GONZALES.— United
States District Judge de i Haven -i yesterday
rendered Judgment for ?232 51: and <. costs Mn
favor of the. plaintiff In, the -case of A. Gon
zale 9 vs. the 6teamcr_ Sea'.Oull, ; ; , ,
' WANTS STREETS RKPAIRED. — The local
council- ot'i the 'International » Brotherhood -of
Teamsters flled a jpetitlon yesterday with -the
Supervisors; that the United Railroads be.com
pelled to place the space: occupied by Its tracks
on certain : streets :in good * condition- In com
pliance with Hhe: law. .^ :-:-:\u25a0* . '.i'v'x '
That 93500 snap In Mission- property
(2) lints advertised last Sunday— Soid.
\u25a0 Wlde«a*vnke buyers will. find equally
Rood Investments .-In next; Sunday's
Realty Columns. .* ' • : /.."\u25a0• • •
Cites - Auditor to Appear.
The Supreme; Court \u25a0 yesterday cited
John Fisher, Auditor of El \ Dorado
County, to . appear before the Justices
on September 4 and explain why he re
fuses to allow County Superintendent
of Schools Wilson to collect;. his. pay.
The trouble arose from a. contest for
Wilson's office, Instituted by jT.'-R.- Mc-
Carthy, a rival candidate, at the last
election. 'vX'y~l] ' ': ' -
Lointix 53.50 Guaranteed ; Shoes.
Equal to any $5.00 Shoe in- style, fit
and wear; selected leather, union made.
Lomax ?3.50 and $2.50 Shoes, for men!
16 Fourth street. ' \u25a0•.'[ •
G. F. Hnmuiar "Wants Clear Right to
Property Mortgaged by Mclgrgs to '
Captain Sherman.' .° \u0084 .- .
. 'A reminder of the- old days in : San
Francisco was brought to* light yester
day by tne suit of Gustaf . F. -Hammar
against Albert J. Fava, administrator
of the estateof Henry Meiggs, -to quiet
title to a siece of property located, at
Powell and -'. Bay streets. Hammar
claims < the Meiggs estate has no inter
est in thepro'perty, which he alleges is
his, and "which was acquired through
a Sheriff's, sale. -
; Meiggs ; , came Tto California , in -the
early day's . * and was well .; known,
Meiggs wharf being named for- him.
At " that time William ' Tecumseh . Sher
man was doing a banking, business : in
San Francisco, having reached/and; re
signed a captaincy in the United States
army. Meiggs came to Sherman : and
succeeded jin .obtaining $100, "giving as
security the then barren .sandlot at the
corner of 'what is" now Bay and.Powell
streets. .When the • money became j due
Meiggs failed" to meet the debt'' and'; the
mortgage was foreclosed '\u25a0 and 'the", prop
erty- sold. .*.-.- \u25a0 . .: ; V-. : '".'.-• \u25a0\u25a0'.•; -.\u25a0' -i \u25a0
; .Eventually, it came into, the hands of
Haramarr and it'is to protect hls'title. to
theland and secure himself in'theprop
erty that he. is /bringing, suit., v., ."\u25a0,""]
SUIT TO QUIET TITLE RECALLS
OLD DAYS IX SAN FRANCISCO
Wi»e Settles Hotel ' Bill.
Harry E. Wise, son of the-ex-Collec
tor of Customs, has settled his hotel
bill in Cloverdale and will notjhave to
go there to stand; his trial for defraud
ing an innkeeper. Yesterday .morning
Constable: J. B. Wilson of Cloverdale
came to 'the city to take Wise back.
They went to. the office of Attorney
Michaels, where -Wilson was handed
533 80, the amount of the bill'and costs,
and he departed without Wise. The
police have for the second- time: acted
as a collection agency in* -arresting
;Wise. *'•''?\u25a0.».._'
The World's Beauties.
Ban Francisco has the distinction of hav
ing within its boundaries the most'beauti
ful store in the world. It is simply beyond
the powers of description, a fairy land of
dazzlfng lights, beautiful paintings and
flashing gems. The pleasure ot a visit will
linger with you always. Col. A. Andrews'
Diamond Palace, t 221 Montgomery st. •
Attorneys for thirty-five Chinese
clients have, been notified, by the De
partment of Commerce and Labor at
Washington that their. petitions for re
hearing have been denied and that their
clients must be deported. to China. The
applicants ' claimed to be native-born
citizens of- the : United States returning
from China. They had been-'denied a
landing by the United States Immigrant
Bureau, and their appeal to the Secre
tary of the Department of Commerce
and Labor had been rejected. At that
time-the appeal of Ju Toy. to the United
States Supreme Court'was pending, and
it was agreed that all the cases should
abide by the decision of that court. The
decision was made , several weeks ago
thnt the decision of' the Secretary was
final. Then they asked, the Secretary
for a rehearing, and this was denied.
Were Horn in the United States
Marred Out. • I
Thirty; Chineae Who Swore That They
The Purity of Bnrnett'^ Vanilla Is
never questioned by any pure food commission.*
Conducts Theater Without Llcenae.
• Frank Hall, manager of John-L. Sul
livan's casino. 127 Mason street, was
arrested yesterday afternoon by Detec
tive, , Coleman on a warrant charging
him with conducting a theater without
a license. The warrant .was sworn to
before Police Judge Fritz by Coleman.
Hall was indignant at his arrest and
thought the wrong man had. been put
in jail. He thought the owners of the
casino were culpable, as they had in
formed him they would attend to the
license. , He was released on bail
For Torpid Liver
TAKE HORSFORD'S ACID PHOSPHATE
, It stimulates healthy. > liver activity
relieves constipation, sick headache and
malaria..- / \u25a0 . . • • ,
...TEAMSTERS 'ACCUSED. OF EMBEZZLE
MENT. — F. A. Hoibrook, manager of the City
Delivery Company, 32S>. Jessie street., obtained
warrants j from Police Judge Fritz yesterday
for the \u25a0 arrest , of \u25a0 Harry * Maddlson and ' ' 'John
Doe" O'Kourkeon a charge of. misdemeanor
embezzlement." -Maddlson- and O'Rourke were
employed as teamsters by ' the company and it
Is- alleged' they •\u25a0 collected money from custom
ers and did not account for It.; ' -
Four boys were arrested yesterday
afternoon in a junk shop at 1130 Mis
sion street by Detective Regan and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of burglary. Their names are Martin
Fedderson, 15 years of age; George
Flanagan, 15; -James Barrls, 17, and
George Mort, lj». Fedderson and Flan
agan were sent i to the detention home.
They broke open a toolbox of th«
Pacific States Telephone and Telegraph
Company at Eighth and Xatoma street
on Wednesday night and stole about
$75 worth of copper -wire. They were
trying to sell the wire when arrested.
Boys Arrested for Burglary.
the board who sicked me for the que»
tlono in advance and'irot therai from
me. I met him in the hall Juat before
the examination warn «Iven, nnd he
itftked. for them. He carefully rend
through- each one of the question* and
commented on each. \u25a0\u25a0 Then • he wnid,
ThM'K a -\u25a0\u25a0 fjoixl examination, May
hew-; nny one -wlio; can't' pa»s- that
ousbt lo be Ktiiek.' With that I went
into (he-room. ' V
"I want to state to the commission that
I did not' give the questions out to. an
other living person except , to these two
board members. I wrote the questions
and answers' by' typewriter myself. I
have told the whole truth of this affair."
DUXX COXTR AI'iICTS MAYIIKW.
Then came the testimony of Dr. Dunn,
sharp and bitter. "I was standing in. the
hallway just before the examination in
anatomy, but the statement made by Dr.
Mayhew that I talked, to him, asked him
for the questions and received them, is
an absolute falsehood. I was talking to
Dr. Papjvidre in that hallway,, but I told
him not to be worried, that the questions
asked him would be general, such. as. the
bones of. the head, muscles of the body,
and head, nerves" and the like, that if he
had read up on these subjects he would
pass and if he", had not read up he did.
not deserve to pass. That was all I ever
told him regarding the' examintlons." \u25a0\u25a0> ;
"Dr. Dunn," queried Senator Lukens,
"uid you ever receive anything of value,
or was anything of value given to a third
party for you, outside of your legal fees
to affect any act of yours as a member qf
the board?" "
"Not once." \u25a0 *
"Did you give out any questions before
the .anatomy examination; or have you
ever given out the results of those exam-,
Inatlons to any one?"
"I did not. I have served on this board
four rears and during that time I have
not done an Irregular act. I did not
give out any results either here or at
Los Angeles." • .
"Is Dr. Mahew friendly or unfriendly?"
"He is unfriendly. I discovered that
fact last January." ;-.,*,%\u25a0-'.*
"What was, the paper, you held In your
hand when you were talking" to Dr.
Papandic?" ;.>:.** -'"\ .
"That was a communication from the
student body asking that their percent
ages be given out before the board went
to Los Angeles. ;-,;< y
BRANDS TESTIMONY AS FALSE.
Then Dr. Cool took the stand. He was
direct in his denial of the charges made
by Dr. Mavhew. He admitted . that he
did talk to Dr. .Mayhew during the
chemistry examination, but stated that
at the time he wore a heavy coat, while
Dr. Mayhew said that he. did not remem
ber what Dr. Cool wore.
Dr. Cool denied that Dr. . Mayhew gave
him the anatomy examination in ad
vance and branded the testimony of
that member as an absolute falsehood.
He also said that Dr. Mayhew was un
friendly to him.
There was considerable parley over
the question of the breadth which the
oroEs-examination of the witnesses
should go, and Commissioner Pillsbury
limited it . for the . time being. Full
cross-examination will be alldwedlater.
Drs. Dunn and Cool, with. Attorney
I.ukcns, desired an adjournment until
next Monday, but the "solid five" ob
jected and they carried the-day.
It wan here that Dr. Herrick made
hia statement regarding Dr.-Cool's-so
cial engagements. Dr. Cool .„ pleaded
for delay because he was incliargre of
the midsummer high jinks of the Bo-
hemian Club. The excitable ..Herrick
was on his feet In an instant. '. "I want
to state," he cried, "that the , social
functions of Dr. Cool have caused half
the troubles of this board. Time after
time he has hurried matters .'so that
he could attend some social- affair. It
became so bad that I went to the Gov
ernor of thie State to complain and to
get a stop to it."
THINKS COKE DOCKETED MONEY.
The mornins's session was feature
less. Dr. J. A. Brooks 'swore- that he
had heard Dr. Steele say that he had
paid some one,, whom Brooks. .thought
to be Dr. Coke', $150 to get him a li
cense, and that he did not have it yet.
Brooks gave It as his opinion that Coke
had pocketed the money. He. also stated
that he had called on Dr. Coke and
asked him about his standing in the ex
aminations. He salO that Coke rang up>
two telephone numbers, East 784 and
Red 3701; telephones of Drs. Cool and
Dunn respectively, but thatfh'e got no
answer. Coke nover referred to Dr.
Dunn at all." \u25a0.'
Dr. Brooks was upbraided by the
commission for not giving this evi
dence when it was asked of him at the
first examination. In turn the. witness
accused the commission of- being skep
tical; over 'his testimony.
The session will resume at 9 o'clock
this morning. ,'.' \u25a0 ' \u0084'\u25a0\u25a0"---
PUTATIVE AATIVE SONS
: ARE ;.BAXISHED .TO CHIM4.
Chief of Police Coffey of Sacra
mento must be tried by the Superior
Court on the charge of malfeasance In
office, according to a decision handed
down yesterday by the Supreme Court.
The capital city's head peace officer is
accused of allowing "faro, roulette,
Klondike and other gambling ganies"
to run openly in violation of the law.
It is stated by the prosecution that he
knew the' gambling In question was un
lawful and that he willfully refused to
perform his evident duty.
The Grand Jury preferred a formal
accusation against him and the matter
was taken up in the Superior Court.
Coffey argued that his alleged derelic
tion fcould lawfully be considered only
by the municipal Board of Trustees.
He petitioned the. Supreme Court to re
strain the Superior- Court from pro
ceeding with the trial, and a temporary
stay was granted. The prosecution and
the offense were each given an oppor
tunity to demonstrate the justice of
their respective positions by oral and
written argument before the Justices.
The court holds that possibly the
Board of Trustees \u25a0 and the Superior
•Court may have concurrent jurisdiction,
but that in the present instance Coffey
should stand trial. \u25a0
; The 'case Is analagous to that of the
Election Commissioners . of: San Fran
cisco, except that in this city the ac
cused officials stood trial before the
executive branch of the municipal gov
ernment before the matter, was for
mally brought to the attention of the
judicial department. The Election
Commissioners claim the Mayor has
concurrent jurisdiction with the courts
and that they are free from further
prosecution, on the ground that the
city's chief executive got "a lick In
fust" in their behalf. That Is a ques
tion, however, which Is given to the
Supremo Court and not to the Election
Commissioners to settle.
Sacramento's Police Chief
Fails in His Attempt to
.Get Writ of Prohibition
SUES STREET RAILWAY.— Thomaa F.
Mlnehan. executor for Patrick Sllnehaa, who
was killed by a street car on November 6
last at Fourth and Freelon streets, brought
suit yesterday against the United Railroads
for 525.W0. alleging carelessness on the part
of the company's employes. •
COFFEY MUST
STAND TRIAL
One Was o» .His . Return Home, '' but
When He Reached Martlnex
He Lost His Mind.
Bernard Manning of San Diego,
United States Immigrant Inspector, de
parted from this city yesterday with
William Connedy, his assistant, in
charge of .Edward .Oakes, Stefano
Aconero and Nazzarino Spadoni, in
sane immigrants who' became public
charges one year after their arrival In
California .and who have, therefore,
been ordered deported. Oakes is an
Englishman and the others are Italians.
Spadoni was on his return' to his home
in Italy and had his ticket in his pocket
for his return passage home, but when
he reached Martinez something in the
environment affected him to the extent
that he became suddenly and. violently
insane. He, as well as tha others, was
piae'ed in a- State insane asylum. The
money paid for hi! passage ticket has
been repaid to his relatives and he will
be taken home at the expense of the
steamship company, which brought him
to New York.
THREE INSANE] IMMIGRANTS
ARE DEPORTED TO EUROPE
RAILROAD TRIAL PROGRESSING.— In
the case of Sessions agrainst the Southern Pa
cific Company in the United States Circuit
Court yesterday the defense latroducsd evi
dence to show that the engine and boilers of
the Owl train wrecked la a. collision at Byron
switch on December 20, 1302. were In perfect
onler when the train left the Oakland mole.
The trial will be resumed thl3 morning.
The bitterneiis vrbieh ban existed
ai:ini!K the inrnibcrb of the State Board
of I»«-:it:tl Examiner* and which seeintt
to have caused the trouble* which have
brouicht about the pre»ent State Inves
tigation of Us affairs \ra» brought
out with Murtlins vividness yesterday
afternoon *•. lu-n Dr. Mayhew took the
witnceM ntand aud swore that two fel
low incmlier* of the board, Drs. Cool
uud Dunn, had asked for and received
(he «;»i«"f ions iv miiitnmy In advance of
the examination given the students.
His testimony wait yet hot on the rec
ord when Dr. Dunn Moully denied, un
der <i:n!i, the accusation made by Dr.
Maybew and stated that he bad never
seen (lie evaintnntlon questions written
owl ou paper until they were produced
yesterdity before the commission. In
no lets spirited manner Dr. Cool re
futed the charges and aware tbnt he,
tiM». Maw the written questions for the
first tinte when thej- were offered to the
com mission.
The lie was passed direct by these
members of the board. The Commis
sioners muFt decide among them. Dr.
Dunn swore that his feeling toward
Mayhew was . unfriendly — this in no
hesitating manner. Dr. Herrick made
the statement that it was the social en
gagements of Dr. Cool .'which caused
most of the trouble in the board.
ALMOST COME TO BLOWS.
While this court was hearing the tes
timony of Dr. Cool there occurred a
little episode on one side of the room
which threatened to make this war of
words a real fietic battle between a rep
resentative from each of the rival
camps. When Dr. Dunn left the stand
be walked over to Dr. Mayhew, who '\u25a0
was standing on the outskirts of the j
crowd, listening to the new witness. !
"Dr. Mayhew." said Dr. Dunn, plunging
headlong into the frigid zone around
that one, "don't you know, way down
deep in your heart, that when you told
the commission that you gave me those
Questions that you were lying?"
"Dr. Dunn," flashed Dr. Mayhew in
reply, "you know that I was not, and
•when you testified tliat I did not give'
the question to you you were a malig
nant liar."
"That's enough," hissed the thor
oughly angry Dr. Dunn. "We'll settle
this outside after the adjournment."
"That. will we;j yon can bet tnat rll
be there to settle it only too quick,"
was the answer from the representa
tive of the solid five.
But there was no tight. Commission
ers, newspaper men and attorneys lin
porod after the session. Bets were
made quietly, for although Dr. Dunn
\u25a0would be classed in the heavy-weight
division in professional ranks nnd Dr.
Mayhew -would only be a welter-weight,
yet the fighter from Palo Alto has
youth and agility on his side, and many
gray-haired Fports were willing to
place their money on his chances. The
odds were at even money.
The bout was not pulled off. Pos
sibly the intended participants were
afraid of police interference or possi
bly their passions cooled, for they left
the building separately and when last
so«>n were miles apart.
SWEARS HE GAVE aUESTIO.\S.
Dr. Mayhew testified that he was
conducting the chemistry examination
on June 12, when Dr. Cool entered the
room and began to joke with him,
asking , "What do you put on next,
rdayhew?"
"Anatomy," Dr. Mayhew replied.
The rest of Dr. Mayhew's testimony
was as follows: "Dr. ' Cool' then asked
me when the examination would take
place and I told him the next day.
"Have you the questions with you?' he
a«>ked. 'Yes.* I said, 'here in my pocket,'
'Will you let me see them?' 'Certainly/
and I took them from my pocket and
gave them to him. Dr. Cool put the
paper in his inside pocket and left the
room, BmokJng his cigarette and talk-
Ing to I don't know whom.
"He kept tbo*e examination* in anat
omy Trblcb I liad grlvcn him for fnlly
tiro hour*. I don't know irhat he did
with tbpin during that (Imr, but I want
the commisston to understand that he
bad them in bin pocket Cor trvo hours.
Then be cave them back to me as I
wa« leaving the room.
"Dr. Dunn v»a» another member of
Fist Fight Nearly
Results After the
Testimony.
Latter Swears He
Gave Them the
Questions.
. Ex-Chief of Police George W. "Witt
man has been offered the. task ; of -re-
organizing the Panama State police.
The. proposition was made to him by
the Government through its local con
sul, Alegrando de la Guardia.
As Wittman holds one lucrative posl-*
tion and is about to engage in the'
plumbing • and electrical contracting
business he. was obliged to decline the
honor. The Consul is trying to find
another man capable of .the position,
but: has not been successful and has so
notified his Government. A short time
ago the Panama Government decided
to reorganize its police force and look
ed about for some one who was com
petent to undertake the job. All the
police in the State are directly under
"the Government and not under munici
pal supervision, and the renovation of
the' force and. Introduction of modern
methods is a great undertaking for a
single man. American methods seemed
preferable and as soon as the Govern
ment's plans became known the name
of ex-Chief Wittman was immediately
submitted.
. Wittman's reputation as a Chief and
commander is well known, and the
Consul urged him on behalf of the Gov
ernment to" accept the duty, offering
him the privilege of making his own
terms. : •
Wittman declined. He first disliked
the. idea' of- leaving San Francisco and
the climate of the country was not
enticing. \u0084 He 'is now manager of "<he
San Francisco Electric Protective As
sociation ' and i under his direction its
business has been-, picking up rapidly.
Recently the ex-Chief joined with the
firm of Scott, Lym'an& Stack, Sacra
mento plumbers, and their business as
plumbing and electrical contractors will
be conducted in this city, at 331 Grant
avenue as Wittman. Lyman & Co., In
corporated. -
The Board of Education met yesterday
and assigned some thirty teachers to
regular positions in the public school de
partment, preparatory to th*e opening of
the new term next Monday morning.
The following teachers were assigned
from the day substitute class to the fol
lowing schools, subject to the usual pro
bationary period of two years, to take
effect Aueust'W, 1905: .
Margaret Burke, to the Jefferson Primary,
vice Miss Rixon, transferred; Louise McDer
mott, to the Starr King, vice Mrs. G. Boyle,
transferred; Faustina fcSpadoni, to the faclrtc
Heights, n»w class; Katherine Manning. 10
the Burnett Grammar, new cla*s; .viahel
Sykes, to Mission Grammar, vice Mrs. Clarke,
deceased; Anna Harter, to the Oceanside
Primary, new class; Mary E. . Moser, to the
Latay«tt(T Primary, new class; Emma lxibcn
stein, to the Starr King, vice Miss McCatl,
transferred; Katherine Stack, to the Latayelte
Primary, now class; Jessie W. itea,- 10 the
Columbia Giiunmar, vice Miss I>\ Hare, trans
ferred; Emma Wherll, to the Souilv Knd
Primary, vice/ F. Neppert. transterreii; lala
Reiehenbach. to the iiutna Vista, vice Miss
Turney, ' transferred; Anna R. Keegan. to the
Irvine Primary, new class; Ellen Lynch, '.to
the Spring Valley, vice Miss J. Evans, trans
ferred- Mary "W. Foley, to thJ Fairmount Gram
mar new class- Alice Lyser, to the Monroe
Primary, new class; Irene Carroll, to the
Paren'al School, new class; Helea llollnghofl,
to the liiguna Honda, vice Miss jMcNelley; Jes
sie. McClellan. to the Sheridan Primary School,
vice Miss Kine, resigned; Florence Mclnerney,
to the Chinese Primary School, new class; Acle
laile lianl=tt. to the Agassiz Primary bcuool,
new vlass; Maud L. Jones, to the Cooper
Primary School, vice Miss M. McCarthy, trans
ferred- Teresa Hess, to the Pacific Heights
Grammar School, vice Miss G. Norton, trans
lerred- Frank J. Browne, to the ' Commercial
illKh School, vice Mrs. Spjncer transferred;
Anna Gafiney. to the Buena V ista < Primary
School ntw class; Frances G. Cook, to the
Pacific Heights Grammar School, new class;
Belle Smith, to the Starr Klnjf Prlmarybchool,
vice V Nixon, transferred; lisatrice
to the James L.ick Grammar, vice Miss Purlng
ton. transferred.
RESIGN FROM DEPARTMENT.
The resignation of D. W. Lindsay, who
v,as appointed a teacher recently, was
accepted, he having been denied a year's
leave of absence. The resignations of
Susan Burke. Mary E. Morgan, Georgia
Maynard, May Howa; - and Gertrude
Walker, teachers in the department, were
accepted."
The following transfers were ordered to
take effect Aueust 14:
• Florence E. Neppert, from the South End to
the Haight Primary: Violet Nixon, from the
Starr King to the Chinese Primary, new class;
Elizabeth McCall, from Starr King to Chinese
Primary, new class: K. Kurlandzik, from the
Haight" to the Park Primary, new class; L.
Rosenberg, from the Henry Durant to the
Cltment Grammar, vice Mrs. Owens, deceased;
X Purington from James Ltick to Lincoln
Grammar, vice Miss G. Morse, resigned; A.
Hucks from the Franklin to the Clement
Grammar, vice Mrs. Jacobs, retired; L. t.
CConnell, from the Pacific Heishts to Sutro
Primary, new class; Anna ilixon, from the
Jefferson to the Agassiz, new class; Susie A.
War* from the Hawthorne to the Monroe
Primary, new class; F. Here, from the Colum
bus to t>>e Dudley Stone, new class; J. C.
Evans, from the Spring Valley to the Cleve
land vice Mrs. Seabrook: Mrs. N. Seabrook,
frcm Cleveland to the Hawthorne, vice Miss
S Ward; Grace Norton, from the .Paciric
Heights to the Laguna Honda, new .class;
Mary C. McCarthy, from the Cooper to the
Hernal Grammar; Miss K. Williamson, from
James Lick to the Noe Valley annex ;. Mrs. G
Boyle, from the Starr King to the Cooper
•Primary vice F. Gtllen, transferred: fcllza
beth Glllen, from the Cooper to the Henry
Dnrant Primary, vice L. trans
ferred. ; . * • '
The resignation of Miss Louise Bartlett
as a special teacher in the domestic
science department was accepted
'Mi&s Carrie Ballinger was appointed
teacher of domestic science to take effect
Aueust 14.
Peter F. Dally was appointed , teacher
of manual' training in this department, to
take effect August 14. \ -v
3IUST REPORT FOR DUTY.
It- was resolved that -*ll persons ap
pointed to the day. substitute list must
report for active duty in the department
immediately on receiving notification of
their appointment, and that no leaves of
absence will be granted to • substitute
teachers, except for good and • sufficient
cause and for a. period of not exceeding
one Fchool term.
The b"oard \u25a0 received the diplomas of
award from the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position for excellent work shown in the
elementary and secondary schools of this
city and ordered them framed.' V
Applications from the Visitacion Valley
Club for the improvement pf the John W.
Taylor ••school, which Is in a. deplorable
condition; of the -Southside Improvement
Club for the sanitary improvement of the
schools south of Market street, and the
West of Castro Club that the"- grades of
tlie Noe Valley and; the James Lick
schools be reclassitted, were taken under
advisement.
. The United Railroads consented to the
board using a room In the carhouse
building at Broderick and Fell streets for
the pupils of the Crocker School who will
be accommodated in outside quarters
pending alterations to the building.
William Cranston offered to sell a lot
at the corner of Ashbury and- Seventeenth
streets as a school site for $10,000, but no
action was taken. '
Leaves of absence were granted to May
McDonnell, Edith M, Boyle, Kate Turney.
Frank Fenton, George Connolly, Mary I.
Geary, Elva R. Elder, Mabel Sankey,
Margaret Sutherland, Luella Glllespie,
Rose de . Yoe, May Carey, Mary. Barrett,
Marie Donahue, Cecilie . Gllchrist, Ella
Morton, Edna Coryelle, Pearl \u25a0 Urmson,
Rachel Meyer, Fannie M. Bliven, Ger
trude Norton and Alice Marsh. ' -
Drs. Cool and Dunn
Accuse Mayhew
of Lying
Former Policeman Is About
to Engage in Business and
vWill Not Leave This City
Visitacion Valley Club Com
plains of Bad Condition
of John W. Taylor School
DECLINES THE .-HONOR
RESIGNATIONS ACCEPTED
Dr. May hew swore yesterday that he gave the questions in anatomy to
Drs. Dunn and Cool in advance of the examination. The accused members
brand this testimony as an absolute falsehood. For a time a fistic encounter
between Drs. Cool and May hew was, threatened.
Ex-Chief Asked by Govern
ment to Reorganize arid:
Train Its; Police Force
Pedagogues Transferred to
..Regular Positions Prepara
tory to Opening of Term
PANAMA WOULD
HIRE WITTMAN
BOARD ASSIGNS
MANY TEACHERS
INVESTIGATION PROVES
BITTERNESS IN BOARD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU. FRIDAY, AUGUSTiII, ,1905.
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO SLEEP RH MOTHER
Erftj Corered With Sores and s cafes.
Could Rot Tel! What She
Locke] Like.
MARVELOUS CURE BY GUTIGURA
"At four mouths old my baby's face
and body were so covered with sores
.and large scales you could not tell
v.liat she looked like. No child ever
liud a 'vorse case. Her face was being
eaten away, and even her finger nails
fell off. It itched so she could not
i-lecp. and for many weary nights we
could get no rest. At last we got Cuti-
cura Soap and Ointment. The sores
began to heal at once, and she could
at night, and in one month she
had not one sore on her face or body.
— -Mrs. Mary Sanders, 709 Spring St.,
Camden, N. J.
RUPTURJE^ CURED
We cure It. and lit STATS cured. Call and
,C«t names and addresses of hundreds tie have
curcU. Go and ccc them. Or. better still, ire
will CURE YOU, and you need not pay a cent
till you are cured. Consultation and exami-
nation it free.
COME AND SEB US. ,-\u25a0--.-
FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE
1844 Market St.. S. F.
BiaaaßßßßßaaaiEaßaaaßa
I Midsummer £
I Clearance!
b- \u25a0 m
|S.&G.Gumpl
I Co. I
I 113 Geary Street
1 Now On J
i Q - . \u25a0 ..'/; D
I Discount* on I
I Everything I
53 Pictures, Art Goods, «
I Crockery and 5j
c Glassware \u25a0
EBaaßßßßßaßaaaanaanapß
«GOOI> GROWING WEATHER**
When the >"evr Scalp Antiseptic Is Used.
A good head ot hair Is aa much a
"crown of glory" for man as it 13 for
woman, nothwithstandinjr all the poetry
on the subject applied to the female sex
exclusively. In the season when flies
bite, the bald-headed man can sympa-
thize with tho Egyptians who were so
Borely plagued on account oC the chil-
dren of Israel. Why not try Newbro's
Herplclde? Others have been benefltea
and are loud in its pral3e. It cleanses
the scalp, kills the germ at the root of
the hair and by keeping the scalp sweet
pure and wholesome, the hair is bound
to grow as nature intended, regardless
of the temperature. Try it and be con--
vinced. Sold by leading druggists. Send
10c in stamps for sample to The Herpi-
clde Co:. Detroit, Mich. At leading dru?r
stores or sent .prepaid from Detroit,
Mich., upon receipt of $1.00.
Your Eyes
Must last for years. To do so they ,
must be properly cared for now. Eye- 1
fitting has been my business for over j
(t OPTICSAN.
105 MONTGOMERY ST.
NEARSUTTER 0??. OCCIDENTAL HOTEL 7
I KODAK AGENCY-PHOTO SUPPLIES
I: : "
«••••TlX E2 • • • •
Los Angeles Times
Saa Frsnelsco Offlce
in located In
ROOM 10, CHHOMCLK BUILDIXO
ARTHUR L.'FISII, Representative."
rif you would do effective advertising
in the Southwest, drop a line to , t^fa
above address or telephone Main \\T2
and our representative will be pleased
to call on you with full information a>
to rates, etc.
THE SUNDAY TIMES, with. 3t-paga
magazine, $2.50 a year by mall.
Ji Present for Every Boy.
NoriolK and Three-Piece Suits
Two -Piece Suits For Bte 16
For Boys 7to 16 These 3-piece suits are
These' suits will appeal just the right sort for the
strongly to sensible, saving jj tt j e fellow who wants a
and provident mothers. Reg- reaJ swcU stylish su j t . Coat,
yiIUPiS h «* Pants-an- w oo.
wool worsteds, besides blue blue serge and cheviots-
serge. As long tf«r% Qf\ fancy and mixed CC AA
as they last $L,DV patterns $D.W
j^S 516-SIBMARRET"St.iio»HEEr
SAVE MONEY AND GET THE BEST
PLATES I $ 8 Unbreakable Plates, f4 ..S^SS Z£\
, THAT FiT '- .- . ' : mn \u0084'- skilled and experi-
'V^'-r 1 * ; - Pure Gold Crowns, tO «T«* enced dentist, with a
EVERY PLATE IS •' - . > , \ - - superior knowledge
GUARANTEED TO \u25a0 Teeth Without Plates, ?4 of some particular
FIT. This depart- \u25a0, part ot dentistry,
ment is In the hands .-' '- 1 , • . and you may depend
of a skilled mechanic '^illill ~—~—~ "I*" 1 "• that your
\u25a0 with 21 years of . experience, •' work will be aa well done
-who", does i nothing' but plate * ' ' « • ;<i\u25a0t / y . • as It Is possible to do It. and
'work.' :He has . three 'assist- \u25a0 • \ •-- $ J /» Jf > you will not suffer a bit of
ants. * and consequently' is able ; LW-A/ \*vr '- rain, either,
-to. give; you a: perfect mtlng \u25a0 r ,,,. j
plate in the. shorten possible —^PaHsSS'^P*-^ Fillings ar.J crowns, bnclse \
time. Have your teeth out in \u25a0 \u25a0£fy'3psF work nnd teeth without \u25a0
the moining and ko home ' ste&S nt*—* Pates. any item in dentistry ]
with new ones at n'.Rht. fM&yk V. * lK3F«=lble to accomplish, we do ;
Brcke'n plates -repaired while //Kn^V- better and cheaper than any
you -wait. -Old plates made - yf?fvi\i B> other dentist can possibly do.
over .like new/. No charge for '- 4 Wfl \ I/Nk Our equipment Is the finest
extracting teeth when platee T \\ *\ V&T*V\ on: tb * Coast » our offices the
are ordered. REMEMBER, WE / *J I 1 X ? largest and most suec-ssful. ]
GIVE A WRITTEN' GUAR- *" "^> are acknowledged THE
ANTEE FOR \TEN YEARS . . BEST dentists In San Fran-
• WITH i EVERY, PLATK. V: / , Cisco. - \u25a0 • - - .
\u25a0\u25a0 Jm : A N : V R.OOM |
- THE REAL PAINLESS :DENTISTS
OLD;': HONEST. :' : ; : ;.. '"", 'X, ' ESTABIJISHED, RELIABLE