.THE CALL PtaPTOE NEWS THAN ANY OTHER PAPER MK^IN SAN FRANCISCO
THE -fCCATHEB,
Forecast for Dec«nb«r 28: A
E&a FrsacUco and vicinity— Cloudy
Thursday; Uitat north wlnfis.
X. G. McADIB,
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCIX— NO. 2S.
MITCHELL'S CREDITORS SELECT
A COMMITTEE TO INVETIGATE
With doors carefully closed and with all approaches guarded, some of the creditors of R. Brent Mitchell and their attorneys yester
day agreed not to bri\g the matter of Mitchell's operations before the Grand Jury. A committee was appointed- to look into Mitchell's affairs.
Securities bought for Mitchell's patrons arc in four city banks. Mitchell promised last evening to pay ioo cents on the dollar.
.Proceedings Conducted Behind
Closed Doors Include De
cisive Acts.
AGREE NOT TO LAY CASE
BEFORE THE GRAND JURY
Percy Declares Rich Friends
Will Come to Rescue of
Stock Broker
ATTENDANTS AT MEETING
ARE PLEDGED TO SECRECY
Twenty-five excited creditors and representatives of creditors of R. Brent
Mitchell, the bankrupt stockbroker, gathered in his office shortly after 2 o'clock
yesterday afternoon for the purpose of discussing ways and means by which they
might get back some of the money intrusted to the broker. After a heated
discussion it was decided by these creditors not to put the . matter before the
Grand Jury nor the police. John A. Percy, Mitchell's personal representative,
edmitted that there were no assets.
The utmost secrecy was maintained regarding the meeting. When the credit
ors gathered the doors of the room were locked and all representatives of the
press were banished. Before any action was. taken each creditor and representa
tive was pledged to secrecy regarding the council and every one solemnly de
clared he would not let a word leak out to the pressy
The meeting started out like a wild session of a lot of injured men and women
who would stop at nothing in order to force a settlement at once, but before the
session wa3 concluded most of the creditors hadvbeen calmed and decided to
settle down and listen to what the prime movers had to say.
The gathering was called to order by John A. Percy. Some one made a mo
tion that he be appointed temporary chairman, but at once a dissenting - voice
lawyer and would not take the responsibility at any cost, as he did not feel he
would be giving the creditors a fair deal In the matter. . • . • .
Several were suggested, but all declined. At last James Whiteley was named
as the best man to serve.- He tried to dodge the issue, but as he is known by
all. the creditors to be a man of millions and a cool-headed individual in business
matter*, he was urged to accept. He finally did, reluctantly; with the provision
that the committee to be appointed should confer with him at all times and keep
the others informed as to what the course would be. Whittley -did. not want to
take too much responsibility upon himself and was looking for protection in the
delicate matter.
The work of appointing a committee to Investigate the affairs and report to
tlie creditors was then begun. A. P. Welch was first appointed. Then Captain
Burnham was named, and finally George Mastick, attorney,, was agreed upon.
This committee was requested to take charge of the books of the insolvent
broker and inform the creditors by. mail concerning the date of the next meet
ing, which will probably take place within the next five days.
The meeting was first called to order by Percy. In a brief speech to the cred
itors hf said:
•Ladies and Gentlemen: This meeting is being held to-day by you creditors
to plan ways and means so that a settlement may be reached at an early date.
I will say that Mr. Mitchell's assets do not amount to anything. I believe he has
a few outstanding claims in Xew York and Chicago, but I do not know what
tLey amount to, and I fear not very much. Mr. ' Mitchell is confined to his bed,
suffering from nervous breakdown, and no one can talk to him regarding this
failure. r^.-
Percy Ajraia of Effect of Discord.
"There is only one thing for you crediiors to do. and that is to agree upon
some plan and go about this matter systematically. If there is any discord or
agitation your chances of recovering any money are slim indeed. I think the
best thing to do is to agree to settle upon last night's New York closing Quo
tations." \r
"But wh*.t is going to be done in this matter?" yelled an .excited creditor
"We want to know where the money is coming from? Is Mr. Mitchell going
back to practice law, start a steamship line or something else that will net him
something?"
"I do not know what Mr. Mitchell's plans are." said Percy. "As I have al
ready stated, he is in delicate health and w e shall have to attend to this matter
ourselves."
After the 'committee had been appointed a resolution was adopted aereeinc
wot to lay the matter before the Grand Jury. Some of the more excited credit
Bon? demanded an investigation by the inquisitorial body, with a view to havinjj
the failure thoroughly probed, so that the exact cause might be given to the
public.
But the majority was against such action. They argued that if the case were
. taken up by the Grand Jury and the police Mitchell's personal friends would-come
to his rescue with funds to save him from prison walls, and in the midst of this
legal battle the creditors would be entirely forgotten.
Agree Not to Go Before Grand Jury.
Percy stated that Mitchell has four or five wealthy friends whose names he
refused to divulge, who would surely come to his aid wUh the nelessaS "SndS
• and tide the matter over. This seemed to assure the dubious creditors "nd they
finally decided to do all in their power to keep the case out of the hands of th«
££2£ SWSSLr' 1 " l 0 "" u " oth " 5 rt ° ™ ~ ~°« "
At this Juncture John N. Ross, attorney, collection agent and rem-esentatlve
of a number of smaller creditors, spoke up. "Gentlemen," said Rom «£ mu.t
keep this matter out of the hands of the Grand Jury if such a thini is nasSblV
I know by experience that it would be disastrous for us. possible.
"I know of such an instance in the Eppinger case. I represented a numhw of
creditors then, and they would have fared far better financially ha(« not Mr Rv
• ington, the District Attorney, taken it upon himself to probe into the matter and
get the Grand Jury so deeply involved in it. We must guard against publicity
this time at all costs. - " y ;
"Therefore, before this resolution goes to a vote I make an amendment th«t
. the utmost secrecy prevail. I want each creditor present to pledge himself not t«
. say a single word to any reporter. There are a lot of yellow Jumalists in thu
town who are only too willing and ready to start a scandal. They will hint at 'Si
lusion if they are told anything, and this is liable to get some of the creditor.
dissatisfied, and then they will balk at our methods and upset our plans "
Ross* suggestion seemed to meet with the approval of the majority ts.v
wanted to keep the matter as quiet as possible, and all pledged themselves tifh.
guarded against all energetic reporters Ir.'search of news. The plan to keeis th
matter entirely from the' public is supposed to be in force still and will be fol
lowed out unless some hitch occurs. So far. as known none of the cre«.»iors cave
any information to reporters. •
Charles Clark, bookkeeper for the bankrupt broker and the man who knows
the entire inside workings of } the business, was appointed secretary of the meet
ing against his protest. He was instructed to write out the minutes fully - He
\u25a0 took the names of all the creditors and their representatives and said he would
Inform them by mall when the next meeting was to be -held, and promised to
keep them informed in the meantime of what was going on, and again pledged
all to secrecy.
Percy stated that he had the books of Mitchell in his possession and would
Kturn them over to Whiteley Immediately. He also agreed to give the committee
a complete list of the creditors, so far as he was able. The committee will begin
its work at once and make an effort to straighten things out so mat some kind
of a statement may be given ; the creditors within the next few days.
The creditors who attended the meeting, with the exception of the lawyers
appeared to be men in the more humble walks of. life,. those who are not In' a po-
Fition to stand heavy losses. All wore anxious expressions, and the pale and hag
gard faces of some showed only too plainly what their emotions were. Many ot
them, seemed desperate and ready to act on any impulse' that would'tend to bring
about some kind of a settlement.
*one Woman Creditor Asks Questions.
In the throng was one woman of mature years. She entered the. office in a
very excited frame of mind and was taken in hand first by Bookkeeper Clark,
Continued on Page 2, Column* 3 and S
The San Francisco Call.
ATTORNEY JOHN A PERCY, WHO, AS TIIB-RCPRKIsENTATIVE UK BROKER \u25a0 n. \i. MITCHELL..^ "..FACED THE STORM: THE
FRANTIC CREDITORS RAISED AT THE MEJ3T7JCO BEHIND CLOSED UOORS YESTERDAY. THK-SCEXE IN THE MEET-
J.\U-ROOM WAS EXCITING WITH. THK ANGRY CLAMORING OF THE CROWD. - <
BROKER PROMISES FUEL
PAYMENT OF CLAIMS.
Says Offers of js&^^
Indebtedness^ Dollar for Dollar,.;
Last evening R. Brent Mitchell tele
phoned the .following, from; his? resi
dence on Pacific avenue to The Call: -
\u25a0 "I nm : telephoning- from my. «lck bed,
bnt I will be donnton'B to-inorron and'
make a fnll itatementr for the newii
papers. I am In no physical .condition'
to ; do \u25a0« iiott. - 1 ;;vrUh ". to »say,' that I"
liuve '•' received-u nexpected :;offer»./of
amiUtnnre from * friends, -which ; I•) have'
accepted,- and that 1 1 will - pay 100 cents'
on the dollar. , X, .
"I feel Breatlx'_ v encournsred by/vthU:
turn ; In ] affair* • and v am - : glad , that _ my
creditors are ' to \u25a0 receive fall : that " : I» fdue
them. •. It .t»ri ; an unfortunate ' failure
and . I cannot ; expremt ' r my i «orroir over
It. It Is »omrthlnK, though, that 'might'
happen: to. any of u« In business, and
the only thins to'^do Jl«ito;face}lt:and
do thY kent I can. That Is all a '\u25a0 man'
can do.
- "There la no truth- In the > story pub
lished this; evening that • I am : to , be ' ar
reated. Ai I wild. I will be donntonn
to-morrow. All ' my creditors treated
me 1 nicely at * the V meet Ins I to-day and '
theri- will , set ; their ;i money.*! ,
' At:hls office Attorney George Mastiok,
of < the committee elected -by ' thefcredi
tors of Mitohell'made a brief \u25a0statement!
as to the course: to betaken: -Vliwenti
to - the meeting! to r day," he said, ;%"ex- •
pnctlng that .'some; sort iof - a „ ehowlngi
,how affairs : sta"hd;would'be''madd. > .N6th-'
SAN, FRANCISCO, THURSDAY,; DECEMBER^ 28; - 1905;
Ing. I ' was' presented.' for 'our. enlighten
ment. I was employed; as : attorney' by
a client who "has ; money. yHe j.'wished
me ":- to see *• what* cbuldf.'beYdorie Jto: : get
backVthe vmoney.i that ; he i intrusted •\u25a0 to'
Mitchell, "i So far fas the i ; proceedings '.to-,
day. in: the " meeting^of <-^creditors;v':i>
concerned -;I have; gained ;no * facts '.for
my guidance? J - Mr. . Clark; i- : the ; book
keeper,for.'Mitchelir'has l nothlrig v to T sub- (
"mit:/,"! The: only 'course;- to', be; taken 'now,
is for the ' committee > to ,' employ ; com-;
petent i accountants * and \u25a0'; flndi out v.what
the i ; liabilities £ a_re," t « .what* the, assets Jare, :
if ; any,"^ what^isHn^bank ; and| whiat "real |
property^ there | is ;f or- the jbeneflt; of ?the_
creditorß^ ivThls^will ';be:'donejat^once. :
The wbrkiwill be.done ,thoroughlyfand
assoon' as possible." "^ . , ;
; "What .are ;t he and the
assets?.": was; asked.: :.. \u25a0.".;\u25a0•'
. ;"I have no ' knowledge of either," was
the'' answer: :. ' ' .'. „'•;' \u25a0 :"\u25a0 '•\u25a0•:, .*%"."•« : - : ?...,-:, .-
-. ; Mr.'; Mastick ;, was also ; asked "what the
legalisituationi -was,%l considering ;the
fact ~ that -; Mitchell J had ihbtr*made"i'iTan'
assignmentfand no'step.hadibeenUakeh
to fhavei a-'receiver^'apppinted.^oToithis
end She said 'i that :;^^ "No thing Ms done;
there ,is ino^situation/. 1 ' : rt'-i r :. ; . v '
\u25a0securities" in banks. -.-
I Whlle'the' creditors were talking yes
terflay Uhere , reposed' 1 ; In; four;Sari|Fran-i
cinco banks [securities to -the" amount I of, 1
many thousands ;'of? dollars r that 'had!
.been /purchased • in;:New^Tork'iOn . the
'order>of i?R...Brent;*iMi{chell.* and .that,"
noti-havingtbeen? paid, for,- in* : cash,' had
'drafts^i'or .the purchase. priceTattached,'
.to .be K collected sprior -to, delivery. The
creditors} may; be to know that
some"; of the securities. that they desired
and-that . th*ey. r ordered{Mitchell to -buy
for:; them are in the [ city;, but ..there is
no, way,'; seemingly,- for .'them to get pos
session roflthe same.- •-- -• ; >,-:.„,,
Y^The. bonds and stocks cannot, be taken
;f rom*i the 'banksi'unril- the 'drafts' repre
senting^';the*'\valuation ' placed ' upon
themTshall^bejpaid: i
s*pAs ; no 'creditor \u25a0will 1 care to ;' pay. .-two
"prices -for; stocksland -' bonds there * Is Ta'
ch^ fee the* lots; sent" tq^he". banks
here .for^collection lwill ' lie"- returned \ to
New York to " the : brokers^ who • bought
them'^ foriMitchell'sj order.'- >.Thei securi
ties * in % question" Have] been ; received » by
the i American 1 National' Bank.Hho ' Bank
of 'California! 'the " Anglo-Californian
Bank ; and : the j, Crocker- Woolworth '\u25a0 Na
tional Bank. , • .... , .-,-.'\u25a0,. ; . .;.:..
' CASH ITEMS ARE MISSING.
> The, great confusion f attending Mitch-'
ell's is Jdue 'to .Hhe ; fact that
'when '."Mitchell 3 . received '< money ?he • did
not^-makef entries J-ihi his * books/ As.a
result-' the {creditors -when 'they rcoun-'
seleditogether ;had!no: completed list'of
Continued \on - Fage 2, - Column -2.
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR — 'The Prince and th«
Pauper-"- -\u25a0- ->: . .
ALHAMBRA-"A Tight tar Lor«."
CAMFORNIA — "Broadway Gaictr
.Girls." \u25a0
COLUMBIA— "The American Lord."
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
GRAND— "Monaa. Vaiwa." \u25a0»
ORFHECM— Vaudeville? Matlne*.
TIVOL1 — "Orph«u» la Hade?."
\u25a0MAJESTIP— "ir I Were- Kins. 1 ' M*tl
• ri*». - '
NEW CENTRAL— "The Ey« Witness."
OVER SCORE
LOST IN A
SHIPWRECK
m • ":•\u25a0',-"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• — , . ! — «. ,
Twenty-Five Per
ish Gf^yaneou
ver Island.
British Bark Pass of
Melfort Goes to
Pieces.
Vessel Victim of Storm and
the Entire Crew
- . Perishes.
B. C.; Dec. 27. — The Brit
ish bark Pass of Melfort. Captain Cou
gal from Ancon for Puget Sound,
drove ashore on the rocks of Vancouv
er* Island a ouarter of a mile east of
Ampitrite. Point Tuesday night; and 'all
on board were lost. The vessel was
making for the entrance to the straits
when the terrific southwest gal^ drove
her to a lee shore on Vancouver Isl
and and" the doomed ship drove with
terrific .'force onto the rocks, breaking
up ; soon afterward. "r
-Bodies . of the lost seamen are now
coming ashore. f
"'"Tlie .first body recovered was that of
a .'seaman dressed In oilskins and ov
eralls. .Two more were soon after
ward seeii; \ rolling in the • heavy surf,
but /could" not . be 'recovered. ' A num
ber of ship's ' buckets, "all marked
\u25a0'IPass 'of* Melfort" "'were found on the
beach, and not far-away in a small
bay at the' extreme" end of Ampi
trite, which marks' the,- westerly ""• en
. trance =-!toy Barclay." Sound.*;' the. -ship's
barometer; broken boats. ; oars and the
figure-head "of /.the ."wrecked .bark £ came
: nshjo£e_2_iogeth?rj with father wreckage.
*Twcr~spars:;were ; \vislbl6 .to watchers
.fronivsh6ce : > .wash{ngr'..aboqt:.a^ though
h'eldi>>^,b ( ther^^ubmersed;wreckage^ > A
\u25a0torn \u25a0' piece sof -.paper "which"seems '"like
part of the j logbook ,~ of \Cougal
was '-'found' "oh 'the beach with* the
name ' "John .' Houston" |on § it , and . not
fara way ; a' water-soaked _; photograph
of 'fifteen seamen and .apprentices of
the Pass of Melfort taken at the break
of the bark's 'poop." was found. on- the
beach... • . .. \u25a0"•'.* " .- v
.\t midnight last, night Captain James
Ga'uden. \ agent i of Marine ' and . Fisheries,
received, a; dispatch from Uclulet that
everything possible was being done to re
cover more . bodies and to : identify; if pos
sible the bodies that had come, ashore.
The; Pass of Melfort is a British four
masted steel bark of 2346 .tons,, built '. ln
IS3I at rGlasgow'forr GIasgow'for Gibson&' Clark: She
was 'last seen . by.; the -British ship Brod
rick: Castle which . passed by the wrecked
bark and Captain Oleson of ; the Brod
rick Castle, who himself had anarrow es
cape when ; coming into the straits, had
expected to find the • lost - vessel in port
before him. _ - '
WRECKAGE COMING
ASHORE AT CARMANAH
/VICTORIA, : B. C, Dec. 27— The light
keeper at Carmanah Point reports finding
considerable wreckage, indicating a disas
ter, has befallen a" schooner, if not an
other ' vessel also, on. the rocks of Van
couver^ Island. Five -miles east* of Car
manab - two sealing boats . -painted lead
color outside and oak-stained inside were
found, : together with , a schooner's mast
with j>art ..of :the .rigging attached, and
partof a life-buoy-painted with- the; let
ters "P. 0.." followed by a space, .where
there had evidently been three other let
ters, and: then the letters "I U.". Three
miles west of Carmanah ; part of another
life buoy: was i found, with. the. letters "P.
O." and the words "of Newcastle."
Captain; Grant; manager of the Victoria
Sealing. Company, states that the descrip
tion of - the sealing boats washed on Van
couver Island coast Is similar to that of
the .boats :of the schooner Fawn, which
left t Bering . Sea !with 602 sealskins on
October.* and -never reached port. \u25a0
BERNHARDT
WARS UPON
SYNDICATE
Special Dispatch to Tb* C»IL
• Dec." 27. ~ Through
her ; managers,] S. 5 M. : and Lee Shubert,
Sarah -' Bernhardt.'-.the "? actress, '.who is
on;a":farewell tour'of[this;country,'to
day appealed ; to ; M. - Jusserand. the
French Embassador, to ; protest against
what 'she . terms^a' discrimination; by_ the
so-called .theatrical 1; syndicate "^against
her as a ; citizen 'of France.- "\u25a0*—-- - ,
-.^Charles 3 W. - Strine, \u25a0 general , represen- .
tatiye 'of :Mme.~ Bernhafdt. who came to
this ; city; from •' New .York to-day for
the :" purpose,"* conferred \u25a0 with f the r Eni-i
bassador.^''.Hei represented that com
mercial interests -were -against ; the
actress because of the oppoa ition of her
mahagers;t6& the' -so-calledn syndicate
ahd'lthatithe*.' alleged ; 'dlscrlmiriation.:
bar"ring.;her .from"'; theaters in ,Texas and;
Louisiana,*- not' only" 'affected her.-'but a
large > number >of French -r esidents ' of
'New ' Orlcans.%" .\u25a0 - -. .'-- - ' - \u25a0'• ..•-•':"\u25a0 V'- 1 •.'.".
Si Strine? alleged - that j the actress ..w**
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
OIL TRUST
IS AVENGED
ON KANSAS
Markets Are Closed
to Independent
Producers.
Railroads "Build Chi
nese Wall" Around
the State.
Excessive Rates Charged for
Shipments Beyond the
Boundary.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
CHANUTK. Kans.. Dec. 27.— The legls
lative committee of the Kansas OH Pro
ducers' 'Association has Issued an appeal
to tho -people of neighboring States to
work for rate legislation like that which
was enacted in Kansas last winter. Two
of the new Kansas laws have proved ef
fective against the Standard Oil Com
pany. These are the maximum rate and
discrimination acts. The maximum-rat a
law had the effect of cutting, the rates on
oil fully 50 per cent, which means a sav
ing of more than $50 on every car of oil
shipped.
Discrimination In favor of the Stand
ard, according to the committee, has ab
solutely disappeared in Kansas. But the
Standard and the railroads, while obeying
Kansas laws, isave, according to the com
mittee, "built a . Chinese wall around
Kansas. "Within the State they give us
a square deal, because they have to, but
whenever we cro«s the State line with
our "oils-; we are > commercially dead."
- As an illustration, it Is said that , the
rate from Chanuce to Kansas City. Kans.,
saa CTtr, Mo., only _*- mile \u25a0 fartnerTTiut
across the State line, the rate is 17 cents.
'\u25a0\u25a0 ."Like prison guards," says the appeal.
"the railroad* lurk at the borders of the
State, gun -in hand, ready to call, a halt
on any. refiner who has the temerity, to
try, to ship oil outside \u25a0 the State, The
fact that Kansas has found a way to
control -the situation within the ' State
proves that a way can be found to con
trol it everywhere, and the people of the
West are strongly urged to work for rate
legislation, both State and national, that £
will bring the railroads and . the - Stand
ard-to terms throughout the country."
• CLEVELAND. Ohio, Dec. 27.— A Deputy
Sheriff to-day ' served subpenas on a
number of prominent local business men
to appear before Notary Public frank
Schwentner to testify on January 8 to.
connection with the action ~ of - the S tat a
of Missouri against the Standard Oil Com
pany.
Among those subpenaed are the follow
in*: -Frank Rockefeller, a brother of.
John D. Rockefeller; Daniel Schumer, C.
W.'Schofleld. B. TV. Brown of the Great
Western Oil Company, WV T. McKee and
W. E.-Judd of the Republic Oil Company.
James Corrlgan, J. G. Biegwald, John ,
Teagte and J. H. Liediger.
It -is said that Attorney General Had-»
ley of 'Missouri probably will be present
at the hearing.
FIGURES SHOW
LOW GAS RATE
IS POSSIBLE
BxmeiAl DUratch to Tba CalL
CHICAGO, Dec." 27.— Gas may be dis
tributed In Chicago at a less coat than
21.75 cents a thousand feet, acoording;
to figures presented to-day to the Coun
cil-Committee on Gas. Oil and Electric
Light by Professor E. W. Bemis, for
merly of the University of Chicago and
now the head of the Cleveland Water,
Works system. '.' :
.Professor Bemis was the first of. the
expert witnesses to appear before the,
Councilmen in the gas rate hearing and
at the outlet said that he dssired time
in which to seek and prepare data be
fore giving decisive testimony. In re
ply to a Question relative to the cost of
distribution - fixed by ' the -People's Gas. x
Light and Cok*- Company, Professor
Bemis figured that a reasonable cost
would be 17.28 cents. -He computed this
from data be obtained in investigating
the plant at Toronto. Ontario, as he* said
the 'situation there compared favorably
with ;that- In .'this -"city.' He said the
total "cost in Toronto for manufacture
and distribution v.-as «<>.93 cents, and
that the irate was SO cents a thousand
feet. ; \u25a0
In figuring from th« reports of *
group of twelve 'gas plants, known as
the j" Emerson -&v& v McMillan Syndicate.
made to the Commissioner of Labor in
Washington in ;1889. Professor 'Bern is
gave the cost of distribution for these
concerns at 17.53 cents a thousand feet. 1 ;
He explained .that thr amount. of taxes
paid 'should be considered in reaching
definite conclusions. :.Vf.
originally booked In syndicate . the
aters,,but, that the latter recently with
drew; those bookings. He. urged :tna
French authorities ,to protest against
this action. HMMRKSfiI
V Embassador Jusserand asked for a
complete record of the case and ; said
that: he would review it with a-view to
possible instructions to the French,
Consul -in- New- York •to 'take ; any ac
ti3n the latter might deem eapedlent* _,2
WEDDING ENDS
THEIR QUARREL
Harry P. Fisher of «San
Francisco and Miss Barthel
Are Married at Seattle
MEET AGAIN BY CHANCE
Old Time Sweethearts Are
. Reunited After Separating
in the East Years Ago
Special Dirpatch te* The Cull
- SEATTLE, Dec. 27.— Harry P. Fisher, a
•wholesale millinery merchant of San
Francisco, and Miss Emma .Barthel of
s the well-known Seattle millinery linn of
•.Barthel & Creel were quietly married
. Tuesday at the Summit, a fashionable
!apar:ment-houi-e. Tho couple left for a
. honeymoon through Southern California
'• iafct night. Back of the marriage there is
• a pretty little, story.
* . Fisher and Miss Barthel had been lov
**rs in the- East. They had a quarrel, and
"before matters cculd t>e adjusted Fisher
\u25a0left for San Francisco, where he went
Jnto the .wholesale millinery business. In
ilhe nvear.time Miss Barthel came. to Seat
tle, and did not know Fisher was on the
ctast. Fisher, having never been in Seat
tle, decided a few months ago to make
"'a -trip here, in place of one of- his sales
men. In the course of hi? business he
- walked into Miss Barthel's store, never
• suspecting she. wajs his cid-time sweet
• -lieart. . The quarrel of nearly a decade ago
•\u25a0 Was forgotten and the courtship renewed
•« that ended in the wedding last night.
CASE REVEALS
MARITAL TANGLE
ST. LOUIS. • Dec. 27.— 1n to-day's pro
• ceidir.gs In the probate court in the case
of Mrs. Mary L«af green, who is suing for
• one-half of th« estate- left by Laclede J.
.-'Howard, on the contention that she was
Jiis wife, William D. Grandon took the
- -stand ar.d testified that he saw Mrs. Leaf-
and Laclede J. Howard conversing
together in a large dry goods store here
in IW3. He testified that both seemed ex
cited and the woman apparently had been
. «TVing. When ehown a photograph of
• Laclede J. Howard he Identified it as a
" :.pieture of the man he siaw talking to Mrs.
Leafgretnihat day. \u0084"?-.: "
"" -The affidavit of Thomas Jefferson Mil
' -. Jer, Mayor of Tumwater. Wash., who
avers that he married Mrs. Leafgreen
in Dacatur, 111., in ISS3 under the name
of Henry Howard, was read in court. In
•* th<= affidavit Miller states that under the
name of Henry Howard he met Mary
Moore, now Mrs. Leafgreen, and they
were married at Decatur. 111., in 1883.
Later they separated, largely because he
was afraid of Mr. Lcckwood, his wife's
mepiather. The affidavit further set forth
: that la isao he married Mattie K. Stewart,
"believing that his first marriage was not
bTndirg. as he had not oeen married un
. .<ler his right name. Learning from Attor
,t, t * ney Johnson that his first wife was living
• and his second marriage way illegal, he
. c*t£epa rated from his second wife and insti
.' . : tuted suit for divorce from, the first, in
, tending to marry the second as soon as
• \he divorce was secured.
•AKRESTKD OX CHARGE
OF KILLING XKIGHBOR
' 1\ illiani A. Carter Accused of Shoot
ing: an lowa Farmer Prom
„ . AmbcHh.
. .. • DES MOINES, lowa. Dec. 27. — Wil-
SJla.nl A. Carter, a professional bonds
man, was arrested to-day on an Jn
dicjtment charging him with the mur
,dcr of Edward J. Gresser. a farmer.
Living 6outn of Dcs Moines, who was
•.shot by a person in ambush, who fired
1 * through the window of Gresser's
home. Gresser was last seen alive on
October 1. Since that lime the mur
.der has remained a mystery.
, " Carter* mother owns a farm ad
joining the Gresser property, and it i«s
•elierged that a desire to own the
Gresser tract on the part of Carter is
fe^poosiMe for the murder. Carter
, " claimed, at the time of the murder
* that he had been negotiating for the
: Grtsser farm. Bail was refused and
Carter is confined in the County Jail.
t . - - - •
Prlm-cu- Colonna Married.
PARIS, Dec. 27. — Princess Biannca
Colonna, daughter of Princess Stig
llano Colonna and granddaughter of
- Mrs. John W. Mackay. was married to
day to Count Jules de Bonvouloir at
the Church of St. Honore de Ylau.
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
• A QUESTION OF COST.
•- . In any number of stores '
' you'll see various prepara-
...tions of cod liver oil at as
many different prices. You'll
• wonder, perhaps, why Scott's
Emulsion costs more than
some other kind in as large
\ a bottle. Hearing only one
side of the question you may
! be led into buying the "just
' .:\u25a0 is good as Scott's " at the
P lower price. That's false
economy. Scott's Emulsion
. costs more because its more
to make. Every
ingredient is tested ahdguar-
. anteed of the purest quality.
\u25a0 No adulteration, no shaving
;of quality. There's no econ-
; amy in bargain medicine. If"
• you can afford to experiment
i with your health, substitutes
! may satisfy you. We take it,
: however, that -you want a
pure preparation, a reliable
remedy and something that's
•going to help you. That's
.what you get in Scott's
Emulsion. Thirty years the
" 6COTT * BOWKS. 409 P««*lSt, Kew.Yodt,;
QUEER MANIA
OF A CHINESE
Brooding Over His Ineligi
biiity to the Presidency
Causes Him to Lose Mind
COMMITTED TO ASYLUM
Wong Bing of Spokane Feels
That He Would Shine as
America's Chief Executive
Special Dispatch to The Cail
SPOKANE. Wash.. Dec. 27.-Brooding
over the fact that he could never become
President of the United States has un
balanced the mind of Wong Bing, a young
Chinese, and he has been committed- to
the nsylum at Medical Lake. Up \o a
week ago Wong Bing ate rice, smoked
opium and lived happily in local China
town on Front His inability to
rule over this country 1 had apparently not
disturbed him greatly. But when he real
ized that he could never write messages
to Congress or bust trusts he began to
peel oft his clothes. This caused a com
motion among the other wanderers from
the Flowery Kingdom, and Wong Bing
was locked up in jail. Then Wong Bing
began to lament in high-pitched Chinese
his inability to become President of these
Ut.ited States, and other prisoners be
came considerably disturbed. After the
lamentations of Wong Bing had made one
night hideous it required heroic efforts on
the part of ihe jailers to save Wong Bing
from annihilation. ->',+-*
ANGRY HUSBAND
SHOOTS ACTOR
DANVILLE. Ind., Dec. 27.— Charles H.
Smith of New York City, a member of
the "Two Johns" theatrical company, was
shot and fatally wounded this afternoon
by F. C. Cooper of New York, a member
of the "Morris Island" company. The
shooting occurred in Smith's room at the
Saratoga Hotel and resulted from a quar
rel between the two men over Mrs.
Cooper. -^..'; "
Cooper was accompanied to the hotel
by Harry B. Walters of Minneapolis and
James Young of Chicago. He entered
Smith's room, locked the door and fired
five shots. The bullets took effect in
Smith's head and back. The three men
then attempted to escape from the hotel,
but were prevented by Richard Roberts,
the clerk, who held them until the police
were called.
Cooper arrived unexpectedly from Pitts
burg and found his wife In the company
of Smith. An exciting scene followed, In
which Smith assaulted Cooper with his
fists. Cooper went out and, it is said, told
Walters and Young that he wanted them
to help him out of some trouble. He was
held under $5000 bonds.
POSTAL SERVICE CRIPPLED > •.-
BY THE LOW SALARIES
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.— 1n his an
nual report, made public to-day, First
Assistant Postmaster General Hitch
cock says that, the low. . salaries paid
clerks iv first and -second class postof
fices is decreasing the standard. of effi
ciency. It Is impossible, he says, to In
duce eQicient men. to enter this branch
of the service when the salary to begin
with is but $600 a year, with no cer
tainty of promotion for perhaps several
years. '^v-:-
PROMISES ALL
CLAIMS WILL
BE SATISFIED
Broker Has Offers of
Aid That Suffice,
So He Says, j
Continued From Page 1, Column S.
creditors even to consult. Probably the
claimants will now all send in their
accounts and statements for the com
mittee of creditors to consider. No ac
curate idea of the total losses of those
whose funds have been dropped by
"bucket-shop" methods can be obtained.
There is no reason to believe that the
losses will be less than $100,000, unless
Mitchell pays.
While the names of the Mitchell
creditors are'' concealed as carefully as
possible, it is known that they num
ber more than 100. Not more than one
tenth of them were at yesterday's meet
ing. The majority of those in attend
ance were attorneys, representing one
or more clients each. Several high
priced lawyers were among the legal
representatives, whose scale of fees im
plies wealthy clients who are deter
mined to learn all that can be ascer
tained about Mitchell's transactions and
to do all that can be done to get what
they can out of it.
A deed conveying to Charles Elsey
(Lie property owned by Mitchell on
Sherman street, near San Antonio aye-;
nue, in Alameda, was placed on record
in Oakland yesterday. It was made out
on December 22 and is from Robert B.-
Mitchell to Charles Elsey, both of San:
Francisco. In consideration of the sum
of 110, subject to a mortgage of $6000
held by the Alameda Savings Bank.
The property in. question is on the
west side of Sherman street, 260 feet
from San Antonio avenue, and covers
75x150 Jeet.
MITCHELL'S CREDITORS SELECT A COMMITTEE.
Continued From I*ap:e 1, Columns l.and 2.
who did his best to calm her. Percy then came to Clark's rescue and also made
an effort. to. explain matters to her. She said she had large holdings and \ feared '>
for. the worst. When the meeting was finally called. to: order the; fair, speculator
In stocks seemed more calm and listened with keen Interest at every stage of the ;
\u25a0proceedings. . .rffißfl •• -•<.\u25a0' \u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0/•\u25a0 '"» "\u25a0"."". :'\u25a0;\u25a0",'\u25a0 V- 1 .": '
During the progress of the session both \u25a0 entrances to the- offices were .locked.
Clark acted as the Inside sentinel, and not. a single person gained \ entrance .from '
the moment the doom were barred. . Every minute or so some anxious one. would
apply for admission, and Clark. would answer the rattling of the door knob or they
knock on the glass panes. ~*~;i .. : : • : ;>. .V
He was very particular, however, as to whom he permitted to enter the star
chamber. When the meeting; was over the rooms were at once' besieged, by * press
representatives, anxious creditors and others prompted ?, by:? curiosity.- All -ques-'
turners w*re turned down by those fortunate enough '\u25a0 \o\ gain | entrance; to . the in- y
. side room, and a deathlike silence prevailed .when the meeting came to an end. -
THE SAN ; FRANCISCO: 'CA.I.L, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 28, : 1905.
ENORMOUS SUMS SPENT
TO FOIL BLACKMAILERS
Lobbyist Hamilton Explains Need of
Insurance Corruption Fund. •
Corporations Preyed Upon by Legislators
\u25a0| Laden^With "Ginch" BiUs.
Aa forecast In " The Call of yesterday, the statement sent from. Paris
by Andrew Hamilton, the lobbyist, who looked after the interests* of the
blflr life Insurance companies at varioui* State capitals, did not divulge
the names of legislators and politicians, to- whom Immense, sums' have
been distributed in -recent years. . Hnmilton excused the maintenance of a
political bureau by the 'insurance companies on. the ground that, they were
constantly subjected to attempted blackmail by -members of ' Legislatures,
who "held up" the corporations by the Introduction:: of "cinch" bills. He
Informed the Insurance Investigating Committee that he kept no books
uud no records of bis disbursements and would refuse [to .reveal the
identity of any person who had' been In his pay. . ,
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— Andrew
Hamilton, the legislative agent of the
New York . Life Insurance Company,
who, according to testimony, has been
intrusted with hundreds of thousands
of dollars by the company and has not
accounted for $235,000, has been heard
from by the legislative committee, but
has declined to make an accounting.
• A statement by Hamilton was read
to-day. It was. presented by. Secretary
John C. McCall of the New York Life,
who went to Paris to, secure an ac
counting from Hamilton.
In his statement Hamilton says that
he is unable to v produce any books or
accounts, because he undertook, the
legislative matters for the life insur
ance company with the express under
standing that he was to make no ac
counting. Absolute secrecy was neces
sary in retaining assistants/therefore
no checks . were used in making pay
ments, i
' Hamilton went into an explanation
of the reasons for organizing this con
fidential service, as he characterized
It, covering lils methods of work and
citing a number of legislative bills in
which he had been interested. A. list
of expenses from 1899 to 1904 was ap
pended to the statement. The sum of
$235,000 unaccounted for, he says,
would be greatly reduced by his run
ning account, which still is unsettled
and open, and. as a matter of good
faith pending a settlement, he offers
to deposit $100,000 with the company.
WORK REQUIRED SECRECY.
Hamilton says that he has no checks
to produce, adding:
Payment by my chepk would necessarily have
disclosed the fact that the persons receiving
the check was under retainer by me and would
thus hay« necessarily hampered that portion
of my work that was most efficacious, namely,
absolute secrecy. Cash, drafts and certlflcatss
were generally preferred.,. .
Hamilton gives along summary of
the various styles of hold-up measures
or bills hostile to insurance companies,
many of them taxation measures. He
says: . ;\u25a0. ~i : fy
Bfils to compel the companies' reports to b«
repeatedly and unnecessarily published in news
papers are advocated to gain favor with tho
press for increasing their revenues. Outragro
oua propositions, such as tne 10 per cent tax
proposed in Arkansas, or abEurd propositions
like the Michigan bill, where a doctor's cer
tificate of Hi health would excuse the payment
of the Insurance premium and keep a policy In
force; or the Virginia bill, making it action
able for a life Insurance ugent to enter the of
fice of a man where the sign "No Agents Al
lowed" is displayed, find legislative favor.
However ridiculous these bills may seem, they
demand attention.
\u25a0 In Indiana the attempt wm made to \u25a0 pass a
law placing the surrender value of a life insur-i
ance policy "upon the list of personal • property
which was taxable to the owner. Companies
which offered no such advantages to policy
holders supported . It as an attack upoD their
rivals who offered this advantage. ! The meas
ure, however, was defeated. Immediately ihe
Btate Assessors proceeded to tax policy holders,
proclaiming that the existing law was broad
enough in its terms to cover this. If this was
true of Indiana, it was probably true of many
other States in the Union. The New -York Life
Company, through my department, retained
eminent and Influential counsel and succeeded
by a divided court In | defeating the. project.
Following out this idea developed in Indiana, .
several States, notably Arkansas, Introduced
similar measures, all of which were defeated.
At the capital of every State we have either
retailed representatives of the companies or
acted in co-operation with some one who has
retained representatives duly influential." It has
been found advisable, as the result of experi
ence, to avoid as far as possible any exact ;
public conclusion as to who represents us. The
known presence of a corporation representative
at legislative halls is the signal for « renewed
vigor in the attacks of blackmailers and cranks,
and unfortunately, members of the legislative
body are frequently deaf to reasoning where a
non- voting or corporate interest is at ; stake.
Prevention is again proved herein to be better
than cure.
. Where It becomes, necessary we have often
occasion to employ the columns of the press for
a discreet advocacy of our views. This method
has been found to be very efficacious, but it
has. also been found to be very expensive.
lIOXEST MEX IN LEGISLATURES.
' I have found in my work that li every legis
lative body in the United States there was as
large a proportion of honest men as there Is Ist
any body of men in any walk of life. Permit
me also to state that in my work I have not
found it so difficult to dereat blackmailers. A
man who is out to blackmail : corporations is
generally well known and his character thor
oughly understood. These men never; retain
influence for any length of time, : and I have
found that requests to the j honest j members of
th* Legislature for help In defeating the black
mailers is always readily and cheerfully
granted. i '\u25a0
Hamilton sets forth that the tax meas
ures alone defeated by him have saved
the New York Life Insurance Company
moTe than . $2,500,000. In concluding his
statement he says that ''the Injunctions
of the president of the New York Life to
me were always unmistakably; explicit
that my expenditures and work were, to
be strictly. confined within the limitations
of the law of the land. These instruc
tions, have been 'faithfully followed ' to
the letter."
Secretary McCall : was questioned -by
Hughes as to what further .light he could
throw on the statement of Hamilton, but
said he could give no information. He
did not question Hamilton's figures nor
the large amounts for traveling expenses.
He asked Hamilton for a \u25a0 full statement
and relied on ;his honesty — to explain
everything. He did Insist that Hamilton
produce checks or check books, but Ham
ilton taid he had none... . \u25a0
LIE IS PASSED AT INQUIRY.
: When McCall was "excused Henry D.
Appleton of the State Insurance Depart
ment was! called., He completed ' his testi
mony'begun ; last- Friday, and during j the
exa mination was ; f told •'. that *l Morgan,
former president of the = Bankers' Life
Insurance ; Company, \u25a0 had testified that
Appleton said It would cost 'the Bankers'
Life $50,000 to \ relncorporate. Appleton
said:-.- - - •\u25a0\u25a0'-;\u25a0.\u25a0(\u25a0-." ' \u25a0• '.
~ "It Mr. Morgan said that he Is a'- liar."
Louis F. Payne, former Superintendent
of 'Insurance of the State" of New York;
was called to the stand and explained a
large number of j appointments of conn-,
dential examiners on the ground that an
unusual number, of' examinations were
made during "his term of office. Hughes
produced a-list which showed that 4n_lS97.
two examinations were made and in IS9S
two more ' were made, while in 1893, the
last year of Payne's administration, the
number; had not been brought out when
adjournment was taken.
CHANGES BY THE .MUTUAL.
AH General AffencieM to Be Put on
Salary Basis.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— Emory Mc-
Clintock was elected vice president of
the Mutual Life Insurance Company at
the meeting of. the board of trustees
to-day. Mr. McClintock is a native of
Pennsylvania. '; He is to be put in ac
tive charge of the company's technical
affairs. : In addition, he was elected a
trustee to-day, as Was also President
elect Charles A. Peabody. They were
chosen to fill the vacancies made by
the resignations of Elihu Root and
Rufus W. Peckham.
It was voted to put all general
agencies on a salary basis after Janu
ary 1 next, instead of a commission
basis. Two of the. foreign agencies are
to be discontinued, " the Australian
agency and the agency at Copenhagen/
DETAH HEEDS
THE PRAYER OF
FOUR SISTERS
Hope That They Would
Expire -Together Is
V Realized,' -
i.' > , Special.Dispatchuo The Call.
; jFV '- \Jn's\ } * \. -•* '- 1 \u25a0
CHICAGO, Dec. 27.— The fourth of
the aged Meuret sisters-^-who prayed
that they might; die, together— -to die
within a week -was Marian Meuret, who
expired tOrday. Pneumonia caused her
death. Two of her sisters lie mortally
ill, it is believed.
The four sisters who have expired in
the last seven days in their little cot
tage in Chestnut street, Where their,
father, Joseph Meuret, built a shanty
years ago when Chicago was a village,
were: Jarie, spinster, aged 69,. known
as "baby sister," died last Wednesday;
Magdalene,' widow of a man named
Quiloz, aged 70, expired early yester
day; Florentine, spinster, aged 63, died
soon after Mffgdalene; Marian, spinster,
aged 72, died to-day, j
These are the sisters who are dying:
GenevieVe Dieter,' aged 79, dying in
Kossuth County,' lowa; Margaret Dieter,
dying in West Chicago of pneumonia.
The death of the? entire family, was
predicted two weeks ago, by Florentine,
who is said to . have - possessed clair
voyant powers., There were seven lis
ters. Five of them lived together in a
little, cottage. The first ,of the flve\to
go was the eldest, Mrs. B. West, who
died last summer. Now the four others
have died within a~" week. The two
dying, sisters, who married brothers
named Dieter,, are the 'only ones that
survive.
CALL MONEY BRINGS
NINETY PER CENT
Highest Rate Touched Sine
the Tanicof Four
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW; YORK. Dec. 27.— Cair money was
loaned freely and In large quantities at
90 per cent: in Wall, street to-day. "
This is the highest rate touched since
the panic of. May, V l9ol,, and Is an ex
ceptionally high . figure^ , betokening acut«
stringency at any time. / It is not, ; how
ever, unprecedented,' as . in the panic oi
December, . 1899, call ; money . loaned ! at : 18<
per cent, and it touched the. latter. rat<
frequently and : even f higher rates In th<
panics of 1893, . 1890 and : 1884. -. ; .
Ninety per cent for call >, loans was
the maximum of the day and, the average
rate was well under that figure, ruling
at from 40 to 50 per cent. \
ANDREW CARNEGIE WAKES
TO MUSIC -EVERY MORN
H j-mun Played Upon Organ : In Hli
Home as Clock /Strikes .
\u25a0•- \u25a0\u25a0. . :\u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0".\u25a0;\u25a0•' :';Elffht.v. :'; . ' . "
: . -NE W YORK, ? Dec. 2 7.— Andrew Car
negio is awakened : every, morning by
music. Just -as \u25a0 the : clock strikes eight
each day \ the first notes, of :; "Lead,
Kindly Light" sor. "Silent *Night,V^his
two-favorites,' roll! out' of the 'pipes 'of
an. Immense ; organ in "his j home Jon
Fifth '; 'avenue,? rousing ithe steel : king
f or ..' the day ) arid ? starting " the ' machin
ery, of his household to :: work.'";! He
believes in being brought back to'con
sciousriess ; by; the music 'of "sonic"' hymn
he loves.;, so ;; that j his : first thoughts
will \u25a0 be -:restf iil.Vsoothing . and ' give ; him
Inspiration' for the; s day. ; -
', When i' living i in --his 1 ; castle j at' Skibo,
Scotland, ; he • is ;' awakened', each'; day T by
three f musicians \ with > bagpipes v under
his t window.?:.'.' The.; instrument- in* n hia
Fifth-avenue 1 house : is played by 'Wal
ter; C. -Gale, organist of the Broadway
Tabernacle. :' . v-
S yntein Spells Economy.
We. have all modern devices forj time; savin?
and systematic office help*.''.; Card . lndex^cabl
.net*, loose '; leaf " ledeer*;* . filing: ? cabinets, s'offla
ticklers, .. cards, $ binders, \u25a0. guides,> cabinets.' "Xilac
to talk with you about systems, \u25a0\u25a0:Sanborn,>.Vai
& Cio.. 741 Market streat. \u25a0 .• - .-?•-
MORALES SHOT
IN ISLAND RIOT
United States Government
Preparing-" to Send Marine
Guard to Santo Domingo
READY TO INTERVENE
Vice President Caceres Is
Called Upon to Assume
Control of the Country
WASHINGTON, -Dec .27—- -The Navy
Department has received a cablegram
from Commander.' Chambers of the
Nashville, . dated at Puerto Plata, last
night, ; stntlnur that he bad' been In
formed from, a '.Government \u25a0 source
that President Morales had been shot
and seriously: wounded.*'- '.^ "*":
As soon as xlst? can be commissioned
the crniser . Dixie will be - ordered to
the s West Indies, carrying a strong
marine guard for 'such service as con*
riitioiiM may require.." Tne 'Dixie y wlll
become the flagship ;of the mosquito
squadron detailed for service In those
waters. * . , '
The Navy Department . to-day re
ceived a brief dispatch from Puerto
Plata. Santo Domingo, announcing the
departure .from that port for Monte
Christl of the gunboat Dubuque. No
details of her mission have not yet been
received.
The gunboat Paducah left Norfolk
to-day for Monte Christ!.-. The Navy
Department has advised Rear .Admiral
Bradford of her departure and that she
will be at hia disposal as soon 1 as she
arrives in Dominican waters. The Pa
ducah is a sister ship to the Dubuque
and "will 'be attached to the squadron
guarding American interests in tho
West Indies. \u25a0
The State" Department to-day received
by; cable from Santo Domingo advices
which threw much needed light upon the
revolutionary disturbances reported from
there yesterday.. These were to the ef
fect that the diplomatic corps had been
notified by the .Dominican Minister for
Foreign Affairs, General Tejera, that .
President Morales having abandoned the
capital, leaving the Government without
an acting head, the Cabinet had called
upon the Vice President, General Caceres,
to take-charse pending the temporary
failure of Morales to exercise his func
tions. ' Caceres Is known to favor the'
American , receivership. '.' The city of San
Domingo was quiet and the Cabinet offi
cers were exercising their functions with
out interruption".
General Caceres is -understood to be at
Puerto Plata and as the Clyde Line
steamship Cherokee. with Captain Colton,
the controller of customs, aboard, is due
to touch at that port to-day, it is under
stood that .he- will , take passage imme
diately for San Domingo City, almost
two. days distant. •»•
As the situation is understood here there
has been no actual change in the domi
nant party in Santo Domingo as the re
sult of Morales' abandonment. The fact
is the party known as Horacla, of which
General » Caceres, the Vice President," is
the principal figure, has .all along.con
trolled the Cabinet, and this Cabinet, in
turn, owing to the peculiarity of the Do
.minicun constitution, has completely dom
inated the Presidential office. As Morales
was ambitious to conduct his own Go v-.
ernment, he fell under' suspicion of dis
loyalty tg his ; party, and also. .was sus
pected of intending to join the opposi
tion, or Jiminez party. .; Finding himself'
without power, because, the Cabinet con
trolled the party. Morales anticipated re
moval by the party leaders and fled to
the revolutionists, with the intention of
securing a sufficient force to re-enter the
capital and drive out his enemies.
It is generally admitted that if re
quired marines will be landed to protect
the lives of Collector George R. Colton
and his two American assistants. -Wheth-.
er such a protection would be extended
to his Dominican assistants was left in
doubt. Another positive statement made
was that the administration would in no
way work toward the resoratlon of Mo
rales.
SAN DOMINGO. Tuesday, Dec. 26.—
Fighting Is reported to have occurred last
night ten miles west of this city. Ameri
can Minister Da wson and other foreign
ers have left their country- seats and
have come to town.
JUVENILE AID
TO BE SPREAD
OVER NATION
Judge Lindsey Said to
Have the Backing of
Rockefeller Jr.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER,; Dec. 27.— Judge B. B. Lind
sey. has been requested to go to New
York by a; millionaire, supposed to.be 1
John D. Rockefeller Jr., and i accept as
sistance in making the juvenile court sys
tem of Denver. a national" institution. The
name of the. philanthropist is a jealously,
guarded secret.
Judge Lindsey .will be' in New York on
February 18. His work in thi3 city- has
attracted the attention of the heir, of the
Rockefeller millions, and: a sum equal to
a' king's ransom will be placed at his dis
posal to aid boys whose home influence
needs supplementing. V Judge Lindsey will
meet wealthy men who are • interested , in
juvenile court work. .The " financial ; man
agement .will be in the hands of the mil
lionaire,. but Judge Lindsey . 'will j. be ?in
charge of every branch of the work to be
.undertaken.- '; :„ , v < '.]'\u25a0 ,
rS The organization will' erect in every city
a - build ing \u25a0; for ithe \ home of Its Juvenile
Aid Society. .;/, -
DOCTORS HAVE LITTLE .
HOPE FOR YERKES' LIFE
But Vext ; Hours : More May Remain to
the \u25a0 Chicago Capitalist.
NEW YORK,* Dec.^j 27.~Charles T.
Yerkesv of, Chicago, ;who; is rcriticallyi ill
at UheVWaldorf fAstoria- Hotel, , is "being
kept, constantly influence . of
opiates.' 1 - \Dr. Loomis,~.who has attended
Mr. J ;Yerkes since his Illness began near
ly:six>weeks;ago,';statedithis afternoon
that '{ unlessj there should f come V a \sud
den \ changed for *. the * better, ", Mr.% Yerkes
might>not;liye .moreUhan twenty-four
hours^longer.i.To-night at. ll; o'clock it
wa s. l said I at' the i, hotel that there ,;has
beeriino : change. ;^Mr.!.Yerkes' i wife, son
and daughter are "at his bedside. V, •
To Core a Cold In One ) Day.'
iTake LAXATIVE i BROMO : Quinine ; Tablet*
Druggists '\u25a0• refund money , If , it .- rails <\u25a0 to cure.;
ia. w. GROVE'S al*n&ture:ls on aacb box. 25c. •
MINING MAN
OF PROMINENCE
MEETS DEATH
WELL. KNOWN MIXINO MAN I
WHO WAS FATALLY INJURED
IN RAWHIDE TUNNEL.
OAKLAND, Dec. 27. — William ~ Lid
dell, a pioneer resident of California
and one of the best known mining men
of the Pacific Coast, was fatally injured
last evening at the Rawhide mine in
Tuolumne County, of which he was su
perintendent, and died to-day at 6:10
a. m. Particulars of the accident are
lacking, but members of his family in
this city have been informed that the
superintendent, while inspecting the
mine, was struck on the head by v. fall-
Ing rock, the blow fracturing the skull
at the base of the brain.
Physicians were at once summoned
from Sonora and Jamestown, but as the
man is seven miles from the latter
place, it was some time before they
reached the injured man. An operation
was performed, but the injury was too
severe and the patient passed away
without regaining consciousness.
William Liddell was a native of Scot
land, aged 59. and came to the United
States with his parents when he was
but 6 years of age. The family came
at once to the Pacific Coast, where the
deceased had since resided. At an early
age he engaged in mining, becoming
one of the best known mining men In
the country. Fifteen years ago he re
moved to Nevada. where he resided In
Virginia City. He remained In that
State for seven years and 3hortly after
his return to California he accepted the
position of superintendent of the Raw
hide mine, which he held at the time
of his death.
The deceased leaves four children,
his wife having passed away two years
ago. All the members of his family re
side in this city; at the home of Alfred
Wilkie,l669 Broadway. They are Elbert.
Ethel and Florence Liddell and Mrs. A.
R. Wilkie, the wife of a son of thewell
kriown tenor, sVlf red Wnkle.
Mn. LeVrii R. Mead Dies at Byron.
OAKLAND.'". 'Dec. 27.— Mrs. Lewis
Risdon Mead, wife of L. R. Mead, pro
prietor of Byron Hot Springs, died
yesterday at the springs, after a long
illness from heart trouble. Mrs. Mead
was stricken Sunday afternoon seri
ously and rapidly! sank. She had gone
to the springs from San Francisco to
spend the Christmas holidays, having
been' staying at, the St. Dunstan's, the
San Francisco residence of the Meads.
The Meads were* formerly residents
of Oakland. Mead Is general manager
of the Risdon Iron Works, a director
of the Mechanics* Library and promi
nent in business affairs in San Fran
cisco. Dr. Louis D. Mead, a son, who
resides at Byron Hot Springs, is the
only surviving child.
The funeral will be held to-morrow
afternoon at 1:30 o'clock from the
Church of the Advent. East Oakland.
Former Mayor of Stockton Is Dead.
STOCKTON, Dec. 27. — Supervisor W.
C. White of this city died to-day, after
a long illness. The deceased was a
former millman and lumberman, but
retired from the , business several
years ago, giving most of his time
since to his two farms. He came to
California in 1863. served several
terms as City Councilman and one
term as Mayor of Stockton. Two
daughters — Miss Ktta White and Mrs.
J. L. Whitmore : — survive him. The
deceased was a prominent Mason. Odd
Fellow. Knight of Pythias and Elk.
He leaves a large estate.
Death of Loa Angeles Mllllounlre.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 28. — Hon.
Jonathan S. Slauson, philanthropist,
millionaire and probably the most gen
erally known man in Los Angeles, died
at 12:16 o'clock this (Thursday) morn
ing- at his home in this ;clty after an
illness .of six weeks. His death was
due to paralysis.
ATTACKS GENUINENESS
OF EGYPTIAN GEMS
PHILADELPHIA; Dec. 27.— At the an
nual meeting to-day of^the board of man
agers of the Free Museum of Science and
Art of the University of Pennsylvania
Henry : Chapman Jr., a : member of the
board of juniors, attacked' the genuine
ness of the large collection of gems made*
to the museum by ''. the late Professor
Maxwell Somervllle, ' the famous Egypt
ologist. He said the collection reflected
nothing but discredit upon the museum
•and all those connected with it. He
offered, a .resolution, which was adopted,
calling for the appointment of a ; com
mittee ', of .* five "to '\u25a0 employ, an \ exnert or
experts to investigate the collection of
gems in the museum.
The collection in question was presented
by Professor Somervllle ', shortly before
his death' in 1904. It is one of the largest
collections in the world and has always
been considered one of the most valuable.
It \u25a0 has been *i examined : with . interest ' by
experts from ; all" over : the world.
INJURED BY, EXPLOSION
WHILE OPERATING LANTERN
• CHICAGO, Dec. 27.— A tank contain
ing! bromide gas, which, was being
used, to operate -a stereopticon lan
tern' in the .Salvation Army Barracks
at , 6325 ;Halsted; street." exploded to
night ;" and : fatally injured Captain Fol
let,: who 'was working the * lantern.
His left.legjarid left arm: were blown
off and he was severely" bruised , and
cut- about the -body. . His\wife and
daughter were -blown through a plate
glass window by the. explosion, but
both -escaped .with minor; bruises.
The onlyi other" persons in the "bar^
racks ; "at ; the time [6t\ the accident '; were
three 'small' children," and' they, escaped
with/slight 'injuries...
ANOTHER STTEL
MERGER PLANNEED
Big Combine to Be Formed
in Pennsylvania With a
Capital of $150,000,000
J. W. GATES IXTEEESTED
Republic Company to Head
Organization of Which
Topping Will Be President
PITTSBURG, Dec. 37.— A combination
of iron and steel interests is being formed
which will have a capital stock of about
$150,000,000. The principal concern In the
movement la the Republic Iron and Steel
Company. Other companies said to be
included in..the project are the Tennessee
Coal. Iron and Railroad Company, the
Slosa- Sheffield Iron Company and the La
Belle Iron Works. John W. Gates. C. S.
Guthrie and other leading men, in the Re
public company are said to be promoters
of the proposed blsr corporation-
It was learned to-day that John A.
Topping, who has reslgmed the presidency
of the American Sheet and Tin Plate
Company, and who will sever h-3 connec
tion with the United States Steel Corpo
ration on January 1, will be made presi
dent of the new combination. Topping
left Pittsburg last night and could not be
seen here regarding the report that he
would b« pat In control of the company
when it is formed.
The details have now been perfected
and two plans are under consideration.
One is to form a holding company similar
to the United States Steel Corporation,
with the Republic, lenneasee. La Belle
and Sloss-Sheffleld as subsidiary compa
nies. Another plan is to merge all the
companies and retain the name of tho
Republic. lron, and »-cccl Company.
FORUM CLUB
HOLDS AUCTION
JUST FOR FUN
The Forum Club waxed gay yester
day afternoon, when it became the col
lective guest of the retiring president,
Mrs. Frank Fredericks.
The clubrooms at Slitter street and
Grant avenue were Kay with holly and
huckleberry, when the full Quota of the
club was received by Mrs. Fredericks, as
sisted by Miss Isabel Vail, Miss Sadie
Fitch, Miss Hendy and Miss Judson, all
smartly gowned and fetching.
Just what was going to happen was a
dark, dank secret, until Auctioneer Cur
tis arrived— the only man admitted— who
proceeded to inspect a pUe of packages
Then the secret was out.
Presently the auction was on, and It
was not long before reckless plunging— to
the tune of fifty beans— had wrought the
usually decorous club Into a veritable
"pit."
When the packages were opened, great
was the fun thereat, for each one con
tained a witty allusion and a weird gift.
" During the afternoon, Mrs. Newton J.
Tharp, unquestionably one of the clever
est readers in town, gave some interpreta
tions in capital style, followed by Mi3s
Dunn upon the piano.
A bo^rl of «««nog— superbly »<ui«o«*«»»
was served in lieu of the übiquitous tea.
whose odor hangs heavy in every woman's
clubrooms. .
Should the awful fact leak out that a
woman's club had fed real eggnog t» Its
friends It might itart some Innocent
clergyman or some ex-president to talk
ing upon the degeneracy of clubwomen,
and their headlong flight to inebriety and
ribaldry. _
OFFICIAL COTTST INCREASES
:, THE PLURALITY OF JEROME
Ha« a Lead o* More Than Fifteen
Thousand Votes Over
Opponents.
KEY? YORK. Dec. 27.— District At
torney Jerome's plurality was in
creased by nearly 5000 over the re
turns made on election night by the
official returns made public to-day by
the Board of Elections. His plural
ity is 15.064 Instead of 11.450. as orig
inally printed. This gain was the re
sult of corrections made by tho board
of canvassers and the counting of «o
called void and protested ballots b«
fore Justice Giegerlch.
AXOTHER MAX ARRESTED
FOR THE DIAZ 3HTRDERS
Louis O. Coushener Takes Into Cus
tody aa Soon m» He Leave*
Hospital In Mexico.
. EL PASO. Tex.. Dec 27.— Louis Ot
Coughener ("Shorty"), having recov
ered from hia wounds sufficiently to
leave the hospital, has been Imprfs
oned by the Mexican officials at Santa
Rosalia and charged with complicity
with O. E. Ftnstad In the murder at
Diaz of R. W. Rutherford Jr. and, C
W. McMurray. Four Mexicans have
also been arrested on suspicion.
ADVERTISK^IKNTS.
SalL Rheum
Itches^ oozes, dries and
scales over and over again; .
local applications do not*
core it* localise they cannot
remove its cause, which is
an impure condition of the
blood. The most obstinate
cases have been perfectly
and permanently cured by
d course of
HoocfsSarsapariHa
the best* medicine for salt*
rheum in all the world.
For testimonials of remarkable cures
send for, Book on Salt Rheum, No. 2.
C. I. Hood Co., Lowell, Mass.
JLJLmL
IK* Graves'
Toofli Powder
there are combined the ele-
ments of safety and pleasure
in kissing your wife or sweet- j
heart— delicious after tast^'
Just ask her about it
, In hmady metal cans or bottle*. 8 s<y
Dr- Graves' Tooih Powder Co.JAPANESE
FOSTER THE
BOYCOTTING
They Are Now Charged With
Instigating the Feeling
of Hostility That Is
Spreading Over Country
SITUATION GROWING
FAR MORE SERIOUS
Chinese Buy Australian
Flour, Paying More Than
What the American Pro
duct Is Offered For
Aocordins to business men who arrived
here from the Orient yesterday on the
liner Ccptic the anti -American boycott In
China, although maintained less oj»nly,
1s growing' In scope and strength and
may before long develop Into a general
antl-forelgn demonstration. America's
business In China has decreased in volume
at least four-fifths, and is still diminish
ing. The Japanese are son openly
credited with being: the Instigators of
the boycott, and It is generally be
rllrved that while the American news
paper* were, Cuuruilvrb, patting the
Japanese on the back the little brown
men were laying mine* for the ob
literation of American's trade with
China.
The Standard Oil Company, the Sperry
Flour Company and the American Tobac
co Company have been the heaviest losers
by the boycott. These concerns represent
S limitless capital and powerful influence,
hut in spite of all their efforts to stem
the tide of opposition four-flfths of their
trade in the Chinese market has been
swept away. Australia and Canada have
benefited to a considerable degree by
America's loss, but the principal bene
ficiary, say the people who arrived on the
Coptic will be Japan just as soon as she
Is In a position for commercial expansion.
Of all who returned on the Coptic no
body is in a better position to speak with
authority than Robert Van Sant. who
since the boycott was inaugurated has
been stationed at Shanghai as the repre
sentative of Getz Bros. Van Sant believes
the boycott situation to be. more serious
than ever, and declares himself as satis
fied that the whole business was en
gineered by the Japanese. Van Sant says
that the Chinese merchants axe opposed
to the boycott, had no hand In starting
It and would welcome & return .to the j
farmer friendly trade relations. They are
losing money in handling many of the
products of other foreign nations and to
day In the strongest boycott centers are
buying American goods when they can
do so surreptitiously. The boycott is be
ing enforced less openly, says Van Sant,
but the anti-Americaji forces are now so
well organized that they can do even
more effective work la comparative se
crecy. — - . - :.-«~->-.: .-«~->-.-
BOYCOTT IS GENERAL.
The boycott Is In etrong evidence, de
clares Van Sant, In seventeen of the
eighteen provinces Into which Ohina Is di
vided. In some of the more remote places,
where the Ignorance of the natives makes
it difficult for them to distinguish Amer
ican from other alien products, everything
foreign falls under the ban. All over
China, he says, natives long educated in
the comforts of lamplight have aban
doned the use of Mr. Rockefeller's lllu
minant and now lighten their darkness
\u25a0with English-manufactured candles.
The American Consul at Nankin is out
of oil and unable to replenish his supply.
He ordered a email shipment of the
Standard's best, but the boycott commit
tee persuaded the coolies that it would
not be good for their health to handle It.
"That was some months ago," said Van
Sant. "and as far as I know the oil has
not been delivered yet."
Van Sant declares that the representa
tives of other nations are helping the
boycott along in every way they can in
the hope that America's loss will be their
pain. This is true particularly, he says,
of the people interested In furthering the
interests of Canada and Australia,
"I asked one of the boycott agitators,"
said Van Sant, "why they had selected
America as the sole target for their op
position, when both Canada and Austra
lia barred out Chinese."
" "Wait awhile,' he replied, 'their turn
will come.' "
Van Sant not only believes the boycott
to be more serious than ever, but thinks i
there Is ground for fearing it will develop
Into a general anti-foreign agitation,
which it will take years to overcome.*".;!
DEMANDS INCREASED. V
"When the boycott began," he said, "all
the Chinese asked was better treatment
for Chinese visitors to the United States.
In response to this President Roosevelt
Issued orders to the immigration officials
to exercise more leniency and greater
courtesy in administering the exclusion
laws. Th» Chinese took this as an evi
dence of weakness, and instead of taking
off the boycott tightened the screws and
demanded a modification of the terms of
the exclusion act."
During the last few months, says Van)
Sant, Chinese merchants have been buy- j
ing Australian flour and paying more for j
It than the price at which the American j
product was offered.
In the southern part of China repre
sentatives of American firms have been
holding meetings with the boycott leaders j
in the hope of reaching some ground on j
which a settlement of the trouble could
be made. But there, as everywhere else, I
the* real source of the dissatisfaction
eludes the searchers.
All Investigation, Van Sant declares,
leads to but one conclusion — that behind
the boycott is something foreign to any
thing ever known in China before. ' and
that that something Is Japanese Influence
rxerted with all the subtlety of Oriental
cunning, but all-powerful as the hosts of
Mte^tdfonciWnnksiikeWaiiik
\u25a0 i j»an *T»nrisr»».
CALL, BL'ILDIXG CAPITAL (FULLY PAIJOJ, 5300,0U0
ZOETII S.ELDKKDrtE...<... President
WALTEB J IHRTXETT / Vice- 31. J. HYNES RALPH S. HEATON
a ,,, : y GRIFFITHS i Presidents Cashier ' Assistant Cashier
SAFE DEPOSIT VAULTS ON THE
GROUND FLOOR
From $4 Per Year Up
\u25a0*\u25a0 .'\u25a0'- j \u25a0 . '\u25a0-..,
SolicUn th* accounts «« Bank* and Bankers, Mercantile Firms. Corporations
and "indlvidnals In the Cltr «« out of Town, and Is prepared to furnish; all
sach depositors business facilities In keeping frith their balances and financial
Ktnnriinc. '
MOSCOW IS AGAIN CUT OFF
FROM THE OUTSIDE WORLD
Brief Message In
dicates Fresh
Horrors.
Rebel Women Ex*
ceedthe Men in
Ferocity.
Poland to Cast Off
the Yoke of
Russia.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27— T£e Call-
Herald ataff correspondent cables a»
follows from Moscow: "The revolution
ltere la a colossal swindle, englaeered
by a . small ', number of manipulator*,
T»bo are manufacturing terror -with tke
criminal complicity of : tue- sensational
press. This I hope to prove.*'
•MOSCOW, Dec. 27— The cannonad
ing continues and the list of casual
ties Ih swelling;. The revolutionists
are operating In three sections. There
are about 1000 of them In each sec
tion. They are all armed with re
volvers and rifles. The nouieu who
are participating- In the flighting ar«
Kutliy of the worm cruelties.'
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 27.' 11:36 p. m.
There Is no further news from. Moscow
to-night. A press correspondent there
succeeded in getting the St. Petersburg
bureau by telephone this evening, but he
had only uttered the words:. "I am going
to tell you a horrible story," .when he
was cut off. Since then nothing has been
heard from the correspondent. • ! .<i
The Seminov6ky regiment of guards
was dispatched to Moscow by train to
night. This is considered rather ominous.
According to information received by
the revolutionary leaders here, an armed
rebellion on a large scale has been planned
in Poland. The Socialist revolutionaries,
encouraged by the success of the insur
gents in the Baltic provinces and by the
situation at Moscow and In Russia gen
erally, have decided that the moment has
come to try to cast off the yoke of auto
cracy. The tactics to be followed are the
same as those adopted at Moscow, the
rising to be preceded by a general strike,
which has already come into operation,
bringing all the railroads in Poland to a
standstill.
An open rebellionin Poland would Im
mensely complicate 'the situation' for the
Government, for If it should gain enough
headway to warrant reasonable hope of
success it probably would draw on the
entire population and the Government
would practically have to reconquer the
country-
CHILD THROWS A BOMB.
Missile Deals Death to a Group of
Moscow Cossacks.
LONDON, Dec. 28. — A dispatch from
St. Petersburg to. a news agency says
it Is reported that the railroad for 100
miles southward of Minsk has been
captured by the revolutionists and
that there has. been serious rioting at
Oyama and the armada of Admiral Togo.
T UI\A FOR THE CHINESE."
Grorrlngr Hostility to Foreigners In
Flowery Kingdom.
PEKING, Dec. 27. — The most conser
vative and best informed foreigners
agree In expressing apprehension at
the constantly growing irritation of
the Chinese against foreigners, which
for nine months has been gradually
spreading through the country. "China
for the Chinese" summarizes the ob
jects of the movement, among the chief
promoters of which are male students
educated abroad' and new newspapers
conducted by Chinese who have been
educated in America and Europe.
These 'papers are beginning: to gain
great influence. '
The anti-American boycott has been
followed by a ' discussion of China's
wrongs at the hands of foreigners
generally an d a determination to re
dress them. • The hostility shown
against Americans has spread to all
foreigners. The Chinese are pleased at
the result of the boycott In producing
conciliatory orders : from President
Roosevelt, but the boycott is not ended
and, It Is asserted here, continues se
riously to affect American trade In the
Canton and Yangtze regions.
The Chinese are so satisfied with th*
movement that they are talking of the
boycott as a permanent weapon for the
national armory. - The newspapers ad
vocate the boycott of Indian opium be
cause of the action of the British as
sessor of the mixed court at Shanghai
in ordering the Imprisonment of Chi
nese women in the municipal: jail in
stead of- in the Chinese prison, which
caused the recent disturbance there.
The result of the present
Is to discourage concession hunting.
The Government has adopted a policy
of Chinese control of railroads, mines
and similar enterprises, and refuses to
grant new concessions and is trying to
regain or annul several concessions
previously granted. While many, for
eigners sympathize with the objects of
the agitation, they realize the danger
of Inflammatory speeches and articles
in the newspapers leading to mob up
risings like that at Shanghai and the
recent massacre of American mission
aries at Liienchau.
There le no doubt that the aggressive
spirit of the Chinese lias been decidedly
increased by the late war and the suc
cessful maneuvers of the Chinese
northern army in October. Japan's
victory has encouraged to Chinese to
believe that they could be equally suc
cessful. ;
THE SXN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY.- DECEMBER' 28^1905^
FAMOUS RUSSIAN CAVALRYMAN, THE HERO OF MANY DARING FORAYS
DURING THE REC"ENT WAR. WHO NARROWLY KSCAPKD CAPTURE BY
THE REVOLUTIONISTS WHILE ENTERING MOSCOW. . .
Kolpino, near St. Petersburg.
The correspondent of the ' Daily
Telegraph at St. Petersburg, as an in
stance of the feroelty. of the: struggle
conducted ,at Kharkoff, gives the fol
lowing account of what he calPs a
"typical incident": ; , »
"A little boy was seen approaching
Konny square, where a detachment of
Cossacks was stationed. The Cos
sacks, however brutal, draw the <line
at children, and the boy was allowed
to approach unmolested. . On arriving
at the spot he paused, swung his right
hand vigorously and then turned and
ran. A violent explosion prevented
the -Cossacks noting his further move
ments.' .',
"The boy had thrown a bomb.- which
plowed up the ground. - Fragments of
horses were all .around, and some of
the Cossackfe were convulsed, in the
agonies of death, while - streams of
blood were flowing along the torn-up
roadway." I
LAND BAROXS FIiEE FROM I^E'ri'S.
Fosrltlves Glad -to ; Escape Alive From
; Baltic : Provinces.
ST. PETERSBURG, Monday, Dec. 25.
W. E. Smith, an American resident of
St. Petersburg, who .arrived' here this
morning from Berlin, reports that 8000
armed Insurgents f rom .-the .Baltic
provinces • have crossed the railroad
between Redkttza and Pakoff and -that
the whole country. Is- lighted -up . by
flres from ; burning "'\ residences. He
says that the insiirgenPs, who are well
armed and,whohave_ ; a battery of ma
chine : guns, announce" 5 that .-they . are
"annexing" the 'region to : the "Lithu
anian'Tepublic". Rith .landed, pro
prietors; and' their families boarded the
train -at Pskoff .with nothing but hand
satchels.* They , told Smith that they
were glad to escape; alive.
A dispatch from .Pskoff in Northern
Russia on \u25a0 December \u25a0 26 -said, .that
armed..' Letts who. - the" line ... of
the railroad after, burning and pillag
ing estates and tearing- down Images
and/ other sacred : relics "In the
churches 'retreated,, to the eastward
and that - troops v from St. Petersburg
were pursuing them; 1
BELIEVES THE CRISIS PASSED.
German Foreign Office Regards NeWi
-- From Russia as , Encouraging .'.-',' .
. BERLIN, ' Dec. : 27.— The conviction
prevails at the Foreign iOfflce. here that
Russia" is more than - holding her \u25a0 'own
with the'disebntented elements and the
situation Is i regarded as . having . im-.
proved within -,the last, two days. The
Russian Government expects the ' Na
tional Assembly,, to be - representative
and to 'include strong men,. who are cer
tain of bringing, the -people' into part
nership with" the sovereign'; ln the ad
ministration "of the countr*y. ?- ;. '
*Jhe opinionv of the German Govern
ment 1 is that Russia has; weathered the
worst of her' difficulties and that - she
will emerge into a period .of constltu
tlonar development.' ;%:.-'.;
IdenticaT .opinions exist in financial
circles in Berlin.' All Russian securities
rose from l'to'6 'points on; th«jßoerso
to-day, and the Russian Finance ' Min-.
ister appears to; have chosen^ an oppor
tune time to^lseue fresh/ treasury jiills
abroad. .
BOMB HURLED TAT ; TRAIJV.
Badly Made Missile Does So Harm to
': Pauengera. ; .; '
PARIS, Dec/ -: 28.-^-The j St. : Petersburg!
correspondent of _the Journal,' in ! a' dis
patch dated D^ecembe'rj27,';says:;- ;
"Another bomb ;was, thrown ,at the
Vilna station ;- to-day,; ".when the..' Ger
man express arrived \ there, '/f he* missile"
was badly "-.'made/; however," and -the * ex 4
plosion which* resulted 3 did •' not ' cause
serious damage. .;.
"Passengers i for, Moscow, .when thirty-^
seven miles outside i^that city,' are; com^"
pelled > to . transfer/ from*. trains ;' to '^-ve-i
hlcles; drawn by^horses."^;^': . .. •
The Petit -Parlslen's correspondent at"
St.^ Petersburg, telegraphing: on Wednes-;
day,' says tliat • aUrain; carrying a regi-1
ment; of "ca'valry^to; Riga, wasi derailed!
and.that a number of ; persohs. were' in-1
Jured.;;-.' * ' •
CABBY SHOCKS
LADY DOUGLAS
Oakland Representative in
the British Aristocracy
Discourses Upon Rudeness
\u25a0 "' ...-\u25a0'. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW. YORK, - Dec. ti.— Lady Sholto
Douglas, once more or less 'an ornament
of the American stage, after an absence
of three years from' her native land,, re
turns to Kfew York and finds the cab
men rude, . and the lnterurban railway
employes positively insolent. Her ob
servations are made from personal ex
periences. . . . \u25a0 •
"And I cannot account, for the change,"
she ' remarked to-night, ' while walking
from Hotel, Lincoln '•> to Wallack's Thea
ter. "Really 1 much., prefer to walk,
rather than to" be brutally addressed. by a
street-car conductor or Insulted by a cab
man.
,; "Why, . this . afternoon , my, sister, Mrs.
Robertson, was nearly knocked . dotvn by
a negro porter in the subway. ' The 'men
witnessing incident took lt'as'a mat
ter, of . course."
' [ "The '. negro 'did not ' even apologize,"
spoke up Mrs.. Robertson. "He would have
been.felled in an instant had It happened
on the'other side."
' Lady Douglas was a member of a San
Francisco stock company eleven years
ago. 'Blanche Bates was In the same
company. ' .\u25a0' x
"Going to see Miss Batee?" she" wai
asked. .
• "No;- we were never particularly friend
ly,"; replied ', Lady Douglas. , "'Somehow
she and I never got on. "The Girl From
the ' Golden .West' is a very appropriate
title for a play; in which 'she appears.
But I shall not see it— l have no Interest.
'.'ln fact,", continued' the "former dance
hall favorite, . "I . have only small , interest
in the stage. Miss May, Tully, who Is go-
Ing to appear ; in 'Cashel Byron's Profes
sion,'.called"'-\u25a0 this afternoon,*. and ' for a
time I • wan ; filled with the ; idea '. of : once
again be^ig behind the footlights.. Still,
it would belreal shabby treatment of my
husband's .'family; if ; I 'did, and' I have ncr*
intention of hurting them." - ;
Lady Douglas 1 and her sister will leave
.to-morrow for Oakland.
DYNAMITE USED
ON SALOON; SAFE
Strong Box Is Wrecked, but
N o Money Is Taken"
From Itr^
GOLDFIELD; Nev. , Dec. 27.— A safe In
the Monte Carlo saloon ' and gambling
hall i was -blown open with ?nitro-glycerin
this: morning. No} money/ was -taken.
Three men were, seen running ; across' the
streef firing , : revolvers. The ..^saloon is
owned bv r Dennis 'Sullivan, formerly of
Boulder, ; Colo. '($. and ' f or y some" time \u25a0} had
been f boycotted by the union. •; Sullivan
said : that "the safe-cracking was Vdone; as
a/ warning ' to . him ~of something '; worse to
happen; In the ; future. *He made no state
ment as to whether he would give up the
fight or not. "
Elder I Leaves ; the/ Hospital.
; BAKERSFIELD, -,/Dec. .: 27.— C. f i : E.
Ehler.^who 1 ; was \u25a0- shot \in{ a> mysterious
manner? and nwhosef statement concern
ing i the iG6ebel*2 shootlng'^ln i Kentucky
kept^ the; : public; Interested/,; left.: the
County ~ Hospital to-day, f.r He ; has;- riot
disclosed * his ; future [plans ; In 2 regard' to
giving^ evidence' , In favor of former
Secretary.- Caleb : Powers. 1 ' ! *
Picture Frames.
" ; We are : picture : f ramer* r In : the : tnae ' senre ' of
the ; word;^ creatori "'\u25a0 of 1 real \ artistic [ hang^
Ings, " and lour '< painstaking • In" thet treatments or
every picture has the best possible results San
born,,.Vail & Co.. 741 ; Mark«t \u25a0 itreet. ' , •
s \u25a0 \u25a0 ' .• ' \u25a0 • T r
FRIGHTFUL
SLAUGHTER
IN MOSCOW
Casualties Will Reach Fif
teen Thousand and the
Struggle for Possession of
the City Is Not Yet Ended
GENERAL MISTCHENKO
HAS NARROW ESCAPE
Famous Cossack Leader Al
most Captured by Revolu
tionists on the Outskirts
' of the Ancient Capital
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec.,.- 27.— The
Slovo declares it has learned that the
bloodshed at Moscow is frightful and
that the casualties will' reach 15,000.
About. : 100 Red Cros"s workers have
been dispatched from St. Petersburg to
Moscow to aid In caring: for the
wounded. The paper" says it has
learned that the arms of the revolu-
tionists mostly came from Germany
and Belgium, whence they were
shipped to England, transhipped
there' and smuggled into Russia
through- Finland and the Baltic prov
inces. Continuing, the Slovo remarks:
"When our plenipotentiary sought to
prevent the sailing- of these vessels,
through the Consuls, the latter re
fused to • act, as all . the vessels flew
foreign; flags." ...
In spite of the bad prospects here
the leaders of the revolutionists are
continuing their desperate efforts ;' to
bring:, on; a' general conflict.. At'Khark
off. yesterday the flag of armed revolt
\u25a0was .raTsed, but. according to. reports
the. troops, which had been largely re
inforced, put down the outbreak mer
cilessly^ The members of the so-called
provisional composed "of
twenty-two delegates, which had been
' sitting; there, were- captured early In
I the day, and later when the red- flag
was raised, and barricades were erect
ed around the Helf rich Engine -Works,
.which farmed revolutionists were- hold
ing, cannon were brought up, and the
revolutionists were given ten .minutes
In which to surrender. They sent out
an emissary,! who was ' seized by the
military commander, who then ' gavts
the command to the artillery to open
lire on the works, which were liter
ally, battered down over the heads: of
the revolutionists. J The .... latter., al
though r unable to make a defense, held
'out^until; three-Quarters of their num
ber were killed or wounded, when the
remnant, '127 men,'* surrendered.
MISTCHEXKO ALMOST CAPTURED.
Lieutenant General Mistchenko, who
commanded a Cossack brigade in Man
churia 'during the Russo-Japanese
war, had a narrow escape from, cap
ture .by, the revolutionists at St. An
drew's monastery on the outskirts of
Moscow, where the railroad track was
blocked by barricades of freight and
passenger-cars. The general and two
members of his staff managed to get a
sleigh and reached' Moscow by mak
ing a wide detour, but fifty officers
returning from -Manchuria, who were
left behind, were captured and forced
to give up their arms. They begged
to- beallowed to keep the gold swords
given them for bravery, but the revo
lutionists refused their reauest.
Minor collisions] between the troops and
strikers, of whom there are almost 50,000
still outdare taking place constantly In
St.* Petersburg. Cossack patrols, are
charging and dispersing workmen when
ever they ' collect. The most serious af
fairs occurred at the Narva gate and on
the *Molka \u25a0, canal, in which fifty persons
were killed or wounded. Automatic guns
have been mounted on the bridge over the
Fontanka canal. . from which they can
sweep: the" Nevsky' prospect in j either j di
rection and also both ways of the canal.
The battery is inclosed in a • collapsible
Bhed in order not to attract too much at
tention.
GUERRILLA WARFARE IN* MOSCOW.
A" brief message from Moscow telling of
to-day's events says that troops with ar
tillery are pouring into the city, but that
the Situation- has not greatly changed.
The ; revolutionists hold portions of the
Moscow-Kazan road.
'Desultory firing is taking place. The
military patrols are engaged in guerrilla
warfare with the revolutionists, who are
seeking refuge on? the. roofs of houses
and; in the narrow. thoroughfares. ''
.Following; the example of the authori
ties at; Moscow.\ about; half the police of
St. Petersburg are now armed with rifles,
and the unwonted spectacle of policemen
with bayonets on their rifles adds to the
public alarm.
.The news from the provinces 'to-day
showed an alarming extension of the
, strike. Koknov, a fortress town of Lithu
ania '- having about '" 80,000 . Inhabitants,
, seems absolutely in the hands of tne So
cialists, who have summoned the people
to an' armed rising, and the situation is
so serious ; at : Krementchug, South . Rus
sia, .; that • the Governor .has declared mar
tial law for the purpose of restoring peace
and Insuring the" elections to the National
Assembly.' _ . .
The situation Is really far. more serious
in,', the " Baltic (_\u25a0 provinces, Caucasia and
other .noh : Russian provinces, where the
entire populace is hostile. In the case of
the Baltic provinces It =is realized that it
may; be to practically' recon
quer- them. The first divisions of the First
Army Corps, which belongs. to St. Peters
burg province, have : begun to arrive \u25a0 here
from Manchuria,' but they are being dis
patched , to the Baltic provinces, without
stopping here. ;_"••.; V
•WOMEN' r DISPLAY -FEROCITY".
-A; later message i from . Moscow . says
that during the night' the artillery, worked
at -destroying the' barricades. < The'revo-
Jutionlsta, : this message : says, -are divided
into ~:three "armies." The first., consist
ing of * SOO i men, i armed with \u25a0 rifles and
pikes,; is : 'operating: between Moscow and
P^rovolv using;; the railroad," which ilt con
trols'.: \u25a0Artillery... and :* cavalry are- Ibelng
employed fagainst; this force.
: ! jThe second 1 "army" ; is : armed \u25a0, especially
wi th ' bombs and V revolvers, v and \ls com
posed [of JOOO .. persons,' Ini. whose ranks ; are
many ,*wo*men^. who i display.' not • only brav-'
eryjb'ut •; ferocity, r; This l force is operating
in thO: region between Sadovia district and
the Jewish -* It ; has « many, barri
cades i to >' prevent i the ? passage f; of ; troops,"
and ' is operating/ mi small i groups - and :' at
tacking, patrols, "y, When pressed ; these rev
olutionists-disappear into , alleys and
DIVORCE FAILS
TO DEFY CUPID
Harry Gray.; Son of a Rich
Santa Rosan. EemaiTies a
Pretty Jewess/of Chicago
LOVE WEATHERS STORM
Separated hy GirFs Father
'After Elopement, but Wed
Again When She Is 18
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER/.Dec. 27.— Two years ago Har
ry B. Gray of Santa Rosa, Cal.,' and Jean
Adelman. a pretty Chicago Jewess, eloped
to Dcs Motnes and were married. Miss
Adelman was the daughter •of Herman
Adelman, a wealthy Chicago' merchant,
and was only 16 years of age. They lived
together only "a" week, and oh October S.
1905, were divorced, ln Dcs Molnes. Last
Monda> Miss Adelman became IS years
old. On thaKday she left Chicago, and
on the day before her. former husband left
Santa Rosa. ' They met ln\ Denver to-day
and were quietly married by Judge B. B.
Llndsey at noon." * -
"We knew that. we could never be hap
py away., from .each .other,'* Gray told
Judge Lindsey.*.'"At: the time of our first
marriage Miss Adelmah's parents • object
ed because of the difference in our re
ligious \ beliefs. We ran . off to lowa and
were married.' But Mr. Adelman became
angry. He-threatened to. carry out plans
which would have ended in my arrest and
disgrace. On !. that account .we decided to
let Mrs.' Gray secure a divorce and return
to her parents until she was. lS, when she
agreed to meet and marry me again. We
carried, out: the programme : and we . will
go back, to Santa Rosa."
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 27.— Harry B. Gray.
.who remarried in Denver . to-day the
young woman"; with whom he eloped two
years ago, is the son, -of James H. Gray,
a local capitalist. The family are well-
Known society : people of this . community.
houses. Artillery, cavalry and Infantry
are used against 1 this* body.
The third and largest army Is operating
in the region between the Brest railroad
station^and the Triumphal Gate.- It also
has many barricades' and Is*, engaged In
guerrilla tactics, making it difficult for the
troops .to inclose' it. Some of the barrl
cadesj were battered down by artillery,
but they were re-erected by the survivors.
RUSSIA TO ISSUE MORE BONDS.
Tvtu ll u ml rr. l Million Dollars 'Will Be
United by Their Sale.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 27.— The
budget for 1006 estimates the ordinary
revenue at $50,000,000 In excess of the
ordinary expenditure, but shows that
the Government will require $195,000,
000 additional., to liquidate the war
expenses. The Emperor has signed
a ukase empowering the Minister of
Finance- to Issue $200,000,000 short
term gold bonds, for sale abroad.
The Molva^reports. that General Ku
ropatkln,, the former; commander In
chief of the Russian forces In the Far
East, has withdrawn his' fortune,
$1,250,000' In gold, from the ' Imperial
Bank. ' ' •.""•-'" -.\u25a0"\u25a0", ' }-
PHKPAKLVG FOR A BATTLE.
Sixty Amlmlaacr Stations Established
\u25a0In the City of Warsa.Tr.
WARSAW, Russian Poland, Dec. 27. —
The shops in -the Jewish district are
closed, and this afternoon bands of
revolutionists ordered the banks to bo
closed. Alarming rumors of a coming:
outbreak, are in circulation. ! Maxim
guns have been posted at all the police
stations/ the police have ordered all the
doors of houses- to be locked, the union
of physicians has requested its mem
bers to be.. ready for emergencies, and
sixty ambulance stations have been es
tablished throughout the city.
BOLD THUG ENTERS
LOS ANGELES HOME
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES., Dec. 27.— Joseph Mate,
aged 77 years,, was the victim to-night of
a kind of hold-up new In Los Angeles.
Mate lives with his aged wife and mar
ried son on Florence : avenue. J The other
members of the family had retired when
his doorbell rang. When he opened the
front door an unmasked man covered him
with_a revolver and ordered him to throw
up his hands. Mate . obeyed and ' was
forced .to return •to his own parlor, and
there stand with his hands agalnst x the
wall above his 'head' while the robber
searched hlnv 'taking, all the money he
had, about $10. The robber then backed
out of the room and escaped. . .
Will Wed Missouri Girl.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Dec. 27. —
Charles T. McEvery of San Francisco
and Florence . Matthews ' of Salisbury,
Mo., secured a marriage license^ to
day. .
> \u25a0 : ' v ADVERTISEMEXTS. ; .
One Hundred Million Dollars
STEINWAY PIANOS
After careful computation it is learned that Steinway |
pianos in actual use at the present day represent in value the
enormous amount of * 1 00,000,000.
Steinway* pianos are in* every, capita) and court
of the : worlcL •They are in famous concert halls and 1
palatial hotels. ' "They are aboard luxurious yachts
and [ nearly all the \ great steamships. They are in
more than a Hundred Thousand Homes. ,
-Is^there a Steinway piano in your home? , |
; The mere ' possession of a Steinway puts the :• , -' . .
seal of. supreme approval on your musical taste.
- The new Steinway Vertegfand (upright) - 4525
. The Steinway Miniature (grand) - - - $800
• ~r<Y b • f.\ * (uprights) .s6oo to $775
Other Steinway styles ;, a^ s)s )> j QOO to * 1 650 ; •
• Purchasable by! monthly payments, if desired.
. We take other pianos in part payment. , .
TAKE "ELEVATOR TO THIRD FLOOR. \
S'HE'RMAN? CLAY '& CO.
\u25a0-.:.. STEINWAY PIANO DEALERS
Located (of thirtyrfive years «f Ke*n»y and Suiter Streets. San Fraacaco/;
Oak la ntT* Si ore,* Broadway and Thirteenth- S treat.
WIFE OF "FITZ"
LAUGHS AT HIM
Joins the SioiLX Falls Di
vorce Colony and Jokes
at Lanky One's Expense
ALLEGES MISTKEATMENT
Former Actress Says Her Pu
gilist Husband Treated
Her With Gross Cruelty
Special Dispatch to Tss Call.
SIOUX FALLS, a D.. D«c. 37. — Julia
May Qlfford, wif« of "Bob" Fltaaim
mons, 1* hero to obtain a divorce, and
not on the high seas, bound for Eu
rop*. Bho lau*hed merrily' to-day over
the way her husband had been thrown
off the track by stories of he* sup
posed flight across the ocean. *ent
from Xaw York.
Mrs. Fltzsimmons arrived on Mon
day and went, to the Cataract Hotel*
which has housed maay, famous di
vorcees. She did not sign her name
to the register and suoceeded in con
cealing her Identity for two days. Her
manner led to the surmise that ah*
was seeking- a divorce, and thia sus
picion was confirmed to-day when she
was seen in consultation with a law
yer.
In response to a direct inquiry »h \u25a0*
then, acknowledged her Identity and
frankly avowed that she was there
for the purpose of obtaining a divorce.
She was accompanied by no one, not
even a maid. A white Spits dog,
which she has owned for more than,
a year. Is constantly with her. Sh«
brought five trunks and rented one of
the best suites In the hotel. Sha
seems to have plenty of money and
Is delighted at the prospect of being
divorced. ' -
. **I came direct from. New York." ahe
said.; "This talk about me being: in
Europe was manifestly wrong. It is
true the man my husband feared saw
me aboard the vessel which conveyed
me to Paris last summer, but I have
been back for some time. His atten
tions were those of a perfect gentle
man and an old friend, nothing more.
Mr. Fitzsimmons cannot prove any
thing to the contrary. He has grossly
mistreated me and I can establish it
when my suit for divorce is tried. Un
til that time I don't care to so into
details."
Although Mrs. Fltzsimmons denied
that the outcome of her husband's
nght with O'Brien had anything to do
with her decision to obtain a divorce,
she did not deny that she delayed her
start for Sioux Fairs until after the
fight.
Mra. Fitzsimmons. who has taken
the name of "Mrs. May," to-night dele
gated to her attorney. Judge F. B.
Alkens, the office of receiving: Inter
viewers. Aikens said she had arrived
here to make this her permanent
home. She came for her health, which
has not been good. He admitted that
many Easterners had - been impressed
by the invigorating air of South Da
kota. His client was very sorry, that
her husband lost the fight the other
night, but was not expecting: him here
! soon to receive evidences of her sym
pathy. "="
Bob Fitzsimmons smiled sadly in his
dressing-room at the Alhaxnbra last night
when told that hl» wife was preparing to
secure divorce on the ground of
I cruelty.
"She says I was brutal, eh!" he said.
"I .was never brutal to her. but lavished
clothing, jewels, money and love on her.
I do not know what legal steps I will
take In the matter of a divorce until my
manager, Leon Friedman, consults some
lawyer in New York. He reaches ther*
Saturday, night. I have already purchased
my ticket for New York and leave here
Monday."
When asked if he would stop over to
see his wife he said he had not given the
matter any thought. It was evident from
his manner that the matter was being
considered and It is more than likely he
will try to see the woman whom he feels
has so deeply wronged him.
He Is particularly bitter against Miller.
He says he may give him a chance to
shoot at him some time, as Miller has
threatened to do.
-Vevr Year's at Hotel Del Monte.
Enjoy the glass-bottom boats, hot
salt water swimming, riding, driving 1 .
tennis and grolf on the finest course In
California. Special tickets, good leav
ing San Francisco any train from Frt
day, December 29; returning by any •
train Tuesday. January 2. Round-trip
rate, including four days' accommoda
tions at Del Monte. $18. Through
train, with parlor car, leaves Third and
Townsend streets dally at S o'clock,
returning leaves Del Monte S:3O a. m. "
»t» California Postmaster*.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.— The follow
ing postmasters have been appointed
for 'California: Greenfield. Monterey
County, .William E. Skinner; Secret.
La ssen County, Martha M. Tlpton.
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
AGRICULTURAL EDUCATION
THEME OF DISCUSSION.
Before a session of the' State Farmers' Institute and members of the Teachers' Association
yesterday L. D. Harvey, an expert on agricultural education in Wisconsin, expressed the
opinion that elementary instruction in this line was a failure, but where imparted to
more mature pupils it was a great success. .-.„ " <:
L. D. Harvey, Wisconsin
Expert, Against Ele
mentary Work.
Says, However, That
Maturer Pupils Benefit
by Instruction.
President Wheeler Shows
Opposition to Study
of the Farm.
BERKELEY, Dec. 27.— Mistakes that
jere made or have been made by the
"mends of agricultural education formed
the subject of L. D. Harvey's address be
iore tfie Joint session of the State Karra
e:s" Institute ar.d the nature study de
. partmeiu of the Teachers' Association
ihis morning in Hearst Hall. Mr. Harvey
is director of the Stcut Training School
et ilenoinince. Wis.. a brilliantly success
ful '.institution, where agricultural educa
tion is given to tho3e who have passed
the age for elementary instruction.
FMr. Harvey declared that one method,
end only one. of imparting agricultural
education In the schools lias been stamped
• with the hallmark of success, and this
" method is simply the formation of classes
*nnde up of tnose who have passed the
grammar school period and yet have not
entered the high school period of their in
struction. Such pupils, instructed by
trained and enthusiastic teachers, show
the fruits of such instruction ir. ways
that spoil profit for themselves and ben
efit to the State or county or district that
makes itself responsible for the instruc
tion. All other methods, Mr. Harvey de
• clared. have proven unsatisfactory- {
\u25a0 ' President Benjamin Ide Wheeler greet
ed the joint session of teachers and farm
en when they assembled. He suggested;
that in the matter of introducing agricul
tural education into the schools of the
country it would perhaps b« well to go
eiow. Tho subject is a comparatively new
• one, he declared, and the exact body of
: - knowledge to be taught is undetermined
lor unknown. There are no charts to
"guide, end so the steps should be taken
jvhh unusual care.
. • *lr. Harvey then read his paper on the
subject. "Experiments in Agricultural Ed
'•'.mation in This and Other Countries—
* What They Should Teach Us."
• He said he agreed with President Wheel
. er in the advice to "go slow." His paper
\ia« in part as follows:
I have seen many failures Jn the teaching
• of agriculture in public schools, and pjwially
:**!n Nebraska. Minnesota and Wisconsin. I
' know tbat-tt Is difficult to give such instruc
. »tlon in district Bchools because of the lack of
• pupils of sufficient maturity to comprehend the
.instruction offered. 1 had a man in Wisconsin
« \lslt eighteen schools and only twelve children
over 12 > fare old were found. | Then. too.
:arroers are not educated to see the value of
•this teaching, and «o It fai'.«. Also, the lark
Of trained teachers if a big drawback, and al-
B-.ort always will be «ure to epell .failure for
agricultural instruction. '
Consider Canada. la 1872, by mandate of
the minister in. charge of educational matters,
agricultural education was ordered instituted
in all schools. The result has been a com
plete failure, *o far as elementary Instruction
Is concerned, though the work was done under
the. fiirecttoa of a skillful teacher. Professor
Robertson. Ireland in IST" devised a law to
Institute such instruction. Later a commission
investigated and reported, recommending that
the Idea be disapproved. France had a similar
\u2666xperler.ee. I served on a Jury that awarded
rot-dais at the Bfc l^ouls fair and with me was
a Belgian gentleman who said the idea had
;>-.;:\u25a0 d in Belgium.
Understand. I s*peak now simply of «le
ireritary instruction. On the other hand, where
» t-i iouituiel education has been imparted to
more mature pupils by trained teachers, it has
l«"«i greatly successful. Norway has forty
two such fchoole, and Sweden, with a popula
tion of 5,000,000. ha* eighty-six such achodls.
Denmark also has many, and they are suc
cessful; "
Dr. A. C. True of the agricultural de
. •partment of Washington led in the dis
csjsslon of Mr. Harvey's paper, the dis
. russlon also being participated in by
* Lr-roy Anderson, director of the Poly
technic School at San Luis Obispo; State
.Pcnator G. R. Lukens and E. F. Adams.
The latter suggested that In order to
provide trained teachers for agricultural
. education candidates for teachers' cer
tificates be required to pass examinations
• In matters relating to agriculture.
At the afternoon session of the Farm
ers' Institute Interesting papers were read
".by Professors. Jaffa, Ward and Major of
the agricultural college at Berkeley, their
. subjects being as follows:
\u25a0\u25a0California Aspects of the Animal Indus
try." E. \V. Major, assistant professor. of ani
mal industries.
"Promotion of the California Poultry Inter
* ect." 11. K. Jaffa, assistant professor of agri
culture.
•'How to Secure Sanitary Milk." A. R.
Ward, assistant professor of veterinary science
and bacteriology. • . jjjft^Hjgg
.* To-morrow morning Dr. True will read
a paper before the institute on the sub
ject, "A System of Agricultural Educa
tion for California," and Governor Pax
dee will also deliver an address.
WORD ANALYSTS MEET
IX ANNUAL SESSION
Philological Association of
Coast Listens to Scholar
ly Subjects.
The Philological Association of the Pa
cific Coast began its seventh annual meet
ing yesterday at, M ark Hopkins Institute
of Art. In the absence of Professor J.
* Gocbcl. president of. the association and
until lately professor of German" at Stan
ford University, the chair was taken by
Professor E> B.^Clapp of the .University
of California, one cf the vice presidents.
The papers read were:
Dr. I. M. Xiniorth, University of California
"Ncte» on Peeuao-Versttiaa .Clris."
Prof*«*or C. SearJea, Leland Stanford Jr.
"T~ — — , ' i Potitirelr cured by
ft'ADTITDC thews Little Pills.
vMIAI LI\O tj-v also «-"• »•»•
no «\u25a0\u25a0— \u25a0 §\u25a0 * tress from Pyspepela, Ia-
I fV/ITfJ Eating. A perfect resa-
' I 1 PILLS. I^tt^^ss. Bad Taste
J ' ffß "-" to tbt Mouth, Coatwl
]\u25a0\u25a0- I Tongoß.Palaintt»6MB,
' ITOHITDL.IJVgR. TJi«*f
reftOite tie Bevels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PflL SMALL DOSE. SKILL PRICE.
CARTERS! CURE SICK B£ADACH£ '
Rlittle '. Gcr.uins Must. Bear
{ I VER ' Fgc-SimiSe Signatirt
DIRECTOR" OF WISCONSIN TRAINING SCHOOL. WHO SPOKE AT THE JOINT
SESSION OP FARMERS AND TEACHERS IN BERKELEY YESTERDAY. ON
THE MISTAKES MADE BY FRIENDS OF AGRICULTURAL. EDUCATION.
LIBRARY WORK
IS SUBJECT OF
DISCUSSION
BERKELEY. Dec. 27. — Students of library
work and those who for various reasons have
special interest In the problems that pertain
to the art of the skilled librarian gathered
thi« morning in the First Unitarian Church
of Berkeley when the Library Association of
CaJifornia he!d its annual session. Although
the attendance was not large the interest dis
played -in the papers read was intense and
the discussion that followed the presentation
of library subjects was spirited throughout.
Joy Ljchtensteln of San Francisco, presi
dent of the- association, was in charge of the
pos>lon. Mlas Minerva Waterman of Santa
Cruz served as vice president and Miss Anna
L. Sawyer of Santa Cruz as secretary.
Professor Elwood P. Cubberley of the de
partment of education at Stanford University
was the first speaker, his paper being a
thoughtful presentation of the , important sub
ject, "The Relation fThat the State Library
Should Bear ,Xo the \u25a0 Rural Schools of Cali
fornia." The paper was long; but was listened
to with deepest interest, and the discussion
that followed was instructive. J. H. • Acker
man. Slate Superintendent of Instruction. Ore
gon, ied the discussion. He was able to.pre
eect the view point of an official who.*? prob
lems are somewhat different from those of
California librarians or school officials - and
this tact added .to the value of his brief
speech. The discussion was participated in
also by ' James L. Gillls, librarian of the State
Library at Sacramento and by Daniel H.
White. School Superintendent of Solano County.
There was a general discussion of the sub
ject then a recess of fifteen > minutes.
The teachers' and the librarians' point of
view with regard to the important subject of
attracting interest in good reading and of lead
ing- children to read good books was presented
by representatives of both school teachers an<2
librarians.
The librarian's view of the subject was
discussed by Mrs. Ai!ee O. Whltbeck, librarian
of the children's department of the Berkeley
publio library. The teacher's idea of the mat
ter was \u25a0 set forth by P. W. Kaufman, City
Superintendent of Schools of Pomona. Tha
discussion of the subject was led by Miss M.
EX Schailenberger of the State Normal School,
tan Jose: C. C. young of the Lowell Higrh
Bchool, San "Fninclico; Mis-t Cynthia Leet.
Lincoln Bchool, Oakland; A. E. Kellogg, prin
cipal Hamilton Grammar School, San Fran
cisco. •
The sessions of the Library Association will
be continued until Friday noon.
University, "A Xegiected Factor in the Ques
tion of the Mlse en Scene of the French Clas
sic Tragedies of the Sixteenth Century."
Professor H. W. Prescott. University \u25a0of
California. "Some 1 Phase* Of the . Relation of
Thought to Verse In Plautus."
Professor E. K. Putnam. Leland Stanford Jr.
-University. "Aftermath Xotes on the Unique
Havelok Manuscript." •
Professor C Price, University of California,
"C. h L.. XIV. 309."
The selection of committees. resulted as
follows: \u25a0 - ' *• > i
Auditing' committee — Professor W, A. Mer
rill and Professor C. Price of the University of
California; committee on nominations — Profes
sor J. E. Mat ike of Stanford University (chair
man). Professor J. H. Senger of the University
of California and Professor -A. T. Murray; of
Stanford University; committee on time and
place of pext meeting — Professor H. C. Xuttlng
of the University of California, Professor, O.
If. Johnston of Stanford University, and -Pro
ressor^ George '.. R. Xoyes of the University of,
California. V-" ' ,
The^ association resolved to send a.tele
gram. «f ; greeting ' to the parent society,
the American Philological Association,
anfl' the Archaeological Institute of Amer
ica? npvr: in. i*e*slon at Ithaca, ' N. Y. -. \u25a0
\u0084T he « econd meeting will ? begin at \u25a0\u2666 9:30
o'clock ttiis rhornlnfr. at the same place.
NEW-. YORK.- Dec 27. — -At a meeting
of the" Typothetae of this city .to-night
a flnal."vote' was taken, on the ques
tion :of resisting the \ demands of Uhe
printers for an eight-rhour ' day begrin
ning'January'l;i;and\ltV was .; stated
after* the meeting K. that the : vote in
favor of the resistance' was practically
unanimous **. ,- '.. .. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAli, THURSDAY. DECEMBER 25,; 1905,
NILE CLUB'S
JINKS OFFERS
MERRIMENT
ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE
I OAKLAND, Dec. 27.— The Nile Club "boys"'
I — thU .is Christinas . time, remember — have
Planned a programme- for the .'.'jinks", next Fri
day night that promises much in the way of
original entertainment and causes those of us
who are doomed to femininity to .assume the
verdant hue that is popularly supposed'tb indi
cate envy. , But man has; long had a' selfish
habit of enjoying his ' raost-worth-wbile-tlmea
by himself or with' other bifurcated 'specimens
of his sex rather, co woman wlTT continue to be
denUd the -privileges of the. club jinks, where
mere man reigns supreme, and where the .witty.,
the wise and the clever. member is permitted Vo.
shine without restraint. ' - ..." "!'-- >-..'*.
R. B. Ayer is responsible for the good things
promised for the coming affair, and •ha would
probably have tern .lining out ' the .programme
yet If not. stopped by -his stall of, able assist
ants. Many of the city's most prominent men,
including Mayor Mott, are members' of ' tho
Kile Club, which is Oakland's Bohemian Club.
Miss Sevilla Hayden is planning to entertain
a merry crowd of young j people at her home
next Saturday evening. Miss Hayden is no*.
only a thoughtful hostess, • but is \u25a0 also original
and clever, so the favored few who are invited,
are anticipating an evening of rare fun.- The
thirty-six guests aro to be divided Into *ets
and different games will be played progres
sively' by each set. Mrs. ' Hayden and Mrs.
JFox will assist Miss Hayden in her pleasant
task.
•• ' \u2666
Yesterday afternoon the sewing class con
nected with the ' New Century Club, of which
Mrs. Robert "Watt 1b president, gave a Christ
mas entertainment at - the •' clubhouse that was
enjoyed by old and young*. - There ; were songs
and recitations by . the children and then they
all joined .In singing a | Christmas carol.} Mrs.
"Watt directing. - Prizes were awarded to those
who had attended : the sewing class regularly.
Mrs. F. A. Ring and Mrs. L. 11. Morehouse are
actively associated with Mrs. -Watt in the con
duct of this particular branch of the club.
. ' • •.•;\u25a0\u25a0 ' *>\u25a0 '
Mrs. J. H. Morehouee has sent out a large
number of ' cards ; for a : reception ' in honor of
Miss Leone Lantx for Saturday evening, De
cember 30. The Morehouses hay a beautiful
home in San Leandro and, take great delight In
entertaining their ; friends - there in most gener
ous fashion.
. • '. • . •
Miss Luclle Dunham will be a passenger on
the outgoing ' Korea Saturday. She , accompa
nies the ' Faxon Bishops, who have been visit
ing in Oakland, and will be their-, guest in
Honolulu • for some time. . Mr. Faxon Bishop
Is a brother of Mr.' Edgar Bishop of this city.
A New Year's dance 'of great Interest for tho
younger set -will be that over -which Miss Ma
rlon .Walsh ' will preside next Saturday evening
The debut recently of Miss . Walsh was one of
the* most brilliant affaire of the year, and as
the Walshea*. beautiful home in Linda Vista is
an ideal place for entertaining future events
are eagerly, anticipated by the young. people of
the smart set. - •\u25a0 . \u25a0
,'.-. •.'•\u25a0 •\u25a0" \u25a0. ;\u25a0';•\u25a0!
Mr*.' Thomas Prather was' the fairy; god
mother of a ; large Christmas i tree at /Armory
Hall Monday evening, at which half a hundred
boy« and jrlrls. \u25a0? selected from : among less foi -
tunate families,', were the happy guests. ? Among
those who helped . Mrs." Prather and who 'en-
Joyed this : happiest of evenings were, the Sam.
Prathers the Harrison Clays,- the Harry East
Millars, the M. ". J. I Halleys, the : Garthwaites
and Mrs.' Prather Sr.v • - \u0084 ......
XEWSPAPER 3IA2V RETIRES.
< OAKLAND. Dec 27.-^- John C. ' Klein,
managing ; editor ; of ; the Oakland jHer
ald* and a newspaper, man \u25a0of note,: has
resigned hls'post and will- retire at 5 the
end of .this year. .'Klein- came from
New York to take charge of * the edi
torial ' end of ; the :, Herald • , when ;; that
newspaper ; was established ,itwo }:_ years
ago. : His - successor j has -not 'been ap
pointed.'; In v this: connections the name
of: George the talented > poet
and- author/* now :^residing? at ;Carmel,
has been mentioned.' •• ':'••'\u25a0 '
HONOR MEMORY
OF A JURIST
Friends Pay Tribute at the
Bier of Justice Walter
Van Dyke of Supreme Court
SERVICES" ARE SIMPLE
Feeling Eulogy on Departed
Judge Is Given by the
Venerable Dr. J. K. McLean
OAKLAND, Dec. . 27.— Funeral ser
vices . over Justice Walter Van Dyke
of the Supremo Court of California
were held . this afternoon at the Van
Dyke residence, \u25a0 Fourth and Van Dyke
avenues. East . Oakland. From many
walks in, lite.' men. and: women assem
bled, at the distinguished jurlstV bier.
Justices of "the : Supreme Court; mem
bers ; .of the Judiciary of v Superior
Courts, members of the bar and repre
sentatives oi the Society of California
Pioneers and .; Oakland .Lodge of Masons
were among, those * who attended the
services. ;%- .... \u25a0' '\u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0 :
The Rev. - J. K. . McLean, ; president
of the Pacific Theological Seminary,
conducted the services at the 'resi
dence. The honorable clergyman gave
in touching words a tribute to the
jurist and to the man. He : spoke of
Justice Van Dyke's high character, his
long y -:ars of j honorable and intellect
ual, devotion to his profession, „ his
strong family ties and his deep sense
of religious duty. During the services
several, selections were ' sung , by -a"
quartet composed of Frank _Onslow, A.
A, I Macurda, J. de .P. Teller arid Al "L.
La>sen. 7
. Beautiful floral tokens of sympathy
and .respect .surrounded; the bier. The
pallbearers were William .--' H. . Beatty,
Chief Justice of the. Supreme Court' of
California; Judge John J. de "Haven of
the United States District Court; J. S.
Hiitchinson of the Society of Califor
nia Pioneers; H. A. Powell and John
G. Cope of the San Francisco Bar As
sociation; A. K. Clark and W. Kohler
of Oakland Lodge of Masons." "'
\ The services at' Mountain View
Cemetery were conducted by Oakland
Lodge of Masons, R. G. Gaylord and
C. E. Keys officiating.. ; ; -
VAN' DYKE'S MEMORY HONORED.
Tribute Is Pntd Dead Jurist In Su
perior Court.
"When the various departments of
the Superior Court adjourned yester
day it was entered of record that they
did so out of respect to the memory
of the late (Justice of the Supreme
Court Van Dyke. In 1 Judge ' Graham's
department Attorney Joseph Naphtaly
formally called the attention of the
court to the loss the bench of Califor
nia- has sustained in the death of Jus
tice. Van Dyke. In response Judge
Graham said: , •
Ills career as a" Judge of the Supreme "Court,
covering a period of sevea.ixdars,i: was-illus
trated by an erudition at ono« -./varied and pro
found, of spotless purity, of conduct, personal
and official, and to these was added an un
flagging assiduity in the dispatch of. the public
business. "He; was always a/ Btudent. and a
diligent student of the law; its learning was to
j him a I dsllght— he ..loved . ta . thread its laby
rinths and intricacies and to elaborate the ar
tificial reason which is its life and through
which its principles are .illustrated and applied.
He was popular with the bar, who looked upon
him -with pride. -and justly regarded him as
an ornament to the profession which was theirs
no .less than his, and who. readily forgave "him
his reserve, when behind it they discerned the
working, of an intellect girted by . nature, - en
riched by culture — clear, luminous and of sin
gular capacity in ; the prompt and satisfactory
solution of Intricate . and . perplexing questions
Of law. \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0... i - ::;.-,.'^-f
BURGLAR LOOTS
DENTIST S SAFE
OAKLAND,. Dec. 27.— Mystery sur
rounds the identity of a burglar, who,
with evident knowledge of the habits
of Dr. S. CHornef, a dentist, whose of
ficesi 4 are . located .in. the Abrahmson
building at 471; Thirteenth | street, last
night and forced an entrance to 1 the of
fice', and, leaving anumber -of valuable
instruments untouched, picked' the lock
of a small safe and carried away $20
in!!.- cash and dentists', gold 'and fin
ished crown and bridge work, the total
haul reaching $300 in value. The crime
was"committed some time betweenmid
nlght and 6 a. m. this morning, for! Dr.
Hornef visited his office at^a late! hour
last night while on his way to his home
at"* 544 Eighteenth street; and at .that
time found everything all. right."
"When 'the Janitor entered the* office
this morning He found the door of ; the
small safe, in which "the dentist kept a
••i.nall amount l of .money and the , gold
used "In his work, open ; and the con
tents scattered about, the floor. - : - The
janitor at once notifled*t)r. Hornef, who
took an Inventory of his ' losses. The
burglar, evidently, an ; old hand at the
business," had j/taken but ; the
money and gold, leaving hundreds of
dollars'-; worth of valuable; Instruments,
which might be identified. '
BIG PAPAL JUBILEE
PLANNED TORI9OB
Celebration Will Be of a
Strictly Religious
Character.
ROME, Dec. 27.— Preparations are al
ready going on,to celebrate in 1908 theju
bllee of the Pope's ordination as a i priest.
Being asked if he, desired the festivities
•to be. similar, to, those on the occasion of
the priesthood .. Jubilee ;. of c the ;• late Pope
Leo. when an international exhibition was
held in" the Vatican, the Pope answered: :
, "Certainly , not. I > wish' the I celebration
to maintain a strictly religious : charac
ter.';: . - f \u25a0'--._ ', -\u25a0.; V ;.^;' ;
Committees' will be i organized . all t'o'ver '
the '\u25a0 world', with the' object- of .presenting
the Pope] with* large offerings during the
Jubilee mass, .which he Jwill celebrate In
St. '-';\u25a0 Peter's \u25a0In < the presence f : of , pilgrims
from all countries. , ,
- •\u25a0;-->\u25a0 .\u25a0- ". .:::'. \u25a0"».\u25a0-.: :: .'.-
SALOON-.. MEN NAME.. OFPICERS.-lSan'
f Francisco • lodge - No. 2," Knights .of the Royal
Arch. l last ' night elected the following officers \u25a0
Past valiant commander. E. .:!*;, Wagner- val
iant' commander, i John Hoist; s lieutenant' com
mander, \u25a0\u25a0 Devld ; Becker: ; treasurer, James Qar
rlty: orator, ;,WilUam;r' a ; 'Wood;: ; recorder '
Frank C;i Roney: \u25a0 master.: of ? ceremonies John
P. * Rellly : captain Jof the :\u25a0 guards, i Jeremiah
Lucey ; , ty ler, - John i McGowan ; t physician * r>r -
L. IW. ; Spriggs; attorney, ;A. -, Ruef ; board ' of
trustees,' James W. Boyce, Thomas J. Clancy
Charles | Mitchell," Frank . Shannon . and ' \u25a0 L \u25a0 m"-
Splro:;-^ -'-' ;--"\u25a0:•" ':\u25a0>:\u25a0 .•:-':.-' \u25a0--\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0-•'-
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 • - :-.,.--) . . »m \u25a0 " ' 'i* •';;<,' "\u25a0
DEATH TO BE '. IN VESTIGATED.— Wil
liam | Graham was j taken Ito I the Central Emer
gency. Hospital | from j2O Shipley i streets yester
day.-r prtsumably. Buffering from alcoholism. He
died a short - time i afterward ' and an ' autopsy
\u25a0will, 'be heid ;\u25a0-\u25a0 ; \u25a0 .. r.Z;
OFFICIALS MAKE
QUEER TANGLE
Liquor Sellers of Berkeley
Left to Wonder What Is
to Be- Their Exact End
ALL MAY BE AKKESTED
No Provision for Bridging
Gap, During Which None
Will Have Legal License
BERKELEY, Deo. 27.— Twenty-three
saloon-keepers; in West and South
Berkeley are wondering to-day Just
what their status is to be after Jan
uary 1, andthe Trustees of the town
are also mildly concerned in the out
come of thelr^ unusual action lastnight,'
by which the question of selecting ten
out of "the twenty-three dealerV to be
given licenses was postponed until the
next meeting, two weeks from now.
/The liquor licenses of all the saloon
men In Berkeley expire on January 1.
The Trustees ,have not renewed any of
them. They 'will not renew or grant
any until January 8. What will be the
status of all the saloon men between
January 1 and January 8? They will
have no licenses.; Will they close?
Will the Town Marshal arrest them for
doing. business without a license?
The predicament is the result of the
failure on the part of the authorities
to comply with all the provisions of the
law by which the awarding' of liquor
licenses is regulated. The' law requires
that. an application for license must be
filed with the Town Clerk ten days be
fore it Is considered' by the Trustees.
J. H. Jones, among others, was awarded
a license last night and when all the
baHotlng was over It was found that
Jones had failed to file his application
within the specified ten days.
Also it was discovered that the
Trustees had acted hastily In awarding
the licenses without complying wi.th
the provision which requires that ap
plications be referred to a committee.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
WANTS DIVORCE FOR NEGLECT.—Oak
land, Dec. 27. — Alice M. Ormonde haa sued
Frank N. Ormonde for_a divorce,, charging
nezlect. • \u0084
ARE GIVEN DECREES.— Oakland. Dec Zii
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were granted
to Clothilde Uodd to-day from Willard -I>.
Dodd for habitual intemperance; Fred •A.
Lalne'from Maria Lalne for desertion.
TRUSTEE GORHAM RETURNS.— AIameda,
Dec. 27.— President "William J. Gorham of the
City Trustees has returned from a 'business
trip East and will resume hia .official duties at
the 'cession of the municipal legislators next
Wednesday night.
WRITES WILL AT 00. — Oakland. Dec. 27.—
The will of the late Louisa Clark, 00 years of
age and' written in her own- hand -shortly be
fore her" death, , was filed with \u25a0 the County
Clerk to-day. She leaves about $5000 worth of
real estate in Aiameda, which she bequeaths
,to relatives in Germany. , '
LONGSHOREMAN HURT.— Oakland. Dec
27. — Thomas O'Keefe, a lonKshoremaff.in the
employ of -the Humboldt Lumber Company, fell
off the top of a.- freight ear this afternoon and
fractured his left hip. He is ,4b; : years of age
and lives at Fruitvale. -' He was. taken. to" the
Receiving •itoepUal and later to. the Tfovldence
Hospital. ;.. ; . ..••;''..; r ;;;^--y, '; -'\u25a0
STOLEN LIBERTY 'IS BRlEF.— Oakland,
Dec. 27. — James \H. Taylor, 1 colored, who Is
serving: a six months' term in the City Prison
for vagrancy and ;wno ha* -beep- serving as a
"trusty" cook, escaped from the' jail thismora
ingr. but was recaptured after a" lively chase by
Bailiff Tobln ."of department 2 of- the Police
Court. - \u25a0 - - ; \u25a0•
PRESENTS FIREBELL TO ClTY.—Oak
land, D^c. 27. — Louis de Rome." a bronze and
brass founder, has presented a' handsomely cast
nrebell to the city, to be used at the firehouse
just completed at North Oakland. The gift
has been accepted on behalf of the Fire De
partment by the Board of Police and Fire Com-:
missloners. .\u25a0 • :\u25a0: \u25a0 • . >
MRS BACHELDER DIES— Oakland, Dec
27. — Susan A. Bachelder. 6S years old, who fig
ured several years ago in a romantic marriage
in the redwoods of Sonoma County, died sud-'
denly to-night at her home, 683 Thirty-fifth
Btreet. She leaves a daughter, Mrs. Thomaa
Foster of 1855 Broadway. The Coroner took
charge. . . .
WRITES THIRD LETTER. — Oakland, Dec.;
27. F. 'A. Reynolds, a commercial traveler,
sued for divorce by his wife on the ground of
his desertion, has written his third letter to
court, stating that -he. is 4QO miles away, out
of money, on the verge of collapse and cannot,
light the proceedings, which he declares are un
ju«t. He asks the court to weigh the matter
carefully. . ' »
DISMISSES HER SUlT.— Oakland, Dec. 27.
A notice of the dismissal of the suit brought
by Rose "Albers of Fruitvale against Ira A.
Aymar has been riled. She alleged she loaned
him about $7000 on his personal promise to
pay.' He returned her property,' valued at
?5000, and she does not care to fight for the
balance. : *
GIVES POLICE STATISTICS.^— OakIand,
Dec. 27.— Chief of Police Hodgkins to-day filed
a report with the Police and Fire Commission
ers, showing that in six months ended Novem
ber J five assaults on women had occurred,
twoytof which were for purposes of robbery. A
comparative statement of arrests was given a*
follows: 1895, 1439; 1000, 1110; 1906, 2214. Of
the last '6oo arrests were for violation of, the
bicycle ordinance.; • ": ; ~ , . \u0084
MARRIAGE LICENSES. — Oakland, Dec. ' 27.
The following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk - to-day: " Felix J. Adamina,
22 and Marie Eggers, IS. both of Oakland;
Rudolph A. Saeltzer, 27, Redding, and Har
riette A. McMahon, 23. Oakland ; Lewis .C.
Larson 27,' Salinas, and Annie Christlanson.
22 Oakland; Frederick -W. "Wllle, 63,' and
Nancy Clark, , 60. both of Oakland ; Edmond S.
Beebe, 32.- and Florence : L. .Martin, both .of !
Half moon Bay: Peter Sinclair, 42, and Katie
Bund. 49, both -of Portland, Or. ; Bellegarde
Baptlste, 27, and Catherine Chastaln: 27. both
of Oakland; John Walker. 31. and Alice An
derson. 33.- both of San. Francisco; Peter Mar-,
tin 24, and ' Rose - Gomes, . 27, both of San
Francisco; John Ro*9ie, 25, and Clara Stroin-.
ski, 21, both of Oakland. - - \u0084 : \u25a0
SUICIDE OF MAX ACCUSED
OF POISONING BENEFACTOR
FORT WORTH, Tex., Dec. 27. — A
special to the : Record from San Luis
Potosl,: Mex.. says that J. C. Hills,
wanted in Stonewall .County. "Texas,
for the marder of J. D. . McGaughey.
was arrested there by Sheriff
Duckey and committed suicide *by
poisoning. * Hills • was accused of pois
oning McGaughey for : $16,000 life in
surance which McGaughey. carried for,
his benefit." V McGaughey had ralaed
Hills : from childhood. :- \
> , ' Hills, l.who .was \u25a0 employed In a. Fort
Worth -bank, entered a' claim for^the
insurance, ; which " ; the company, held : up/
pending % an s Investigation. Hills then
went- to Mexico. He was prominent in
local financial' and .church circles.
WOMAX I DUPES J MERCHANTS.
OAKIA.ND, Dec. ; 27.T-A good-look
lngi and- well-dressed^young • woman,
giving her .name _as Stella' Meyers, has
succeeded withln^the last :: two days in
obtaining goods f and i money from sev
eral : Oakland ; merchants '.. by means \u25a0' of
bogus? checks, among' those who were
victimized/ by* the ;fair^ swindler being
the American Tea Company and Lin-'
demerj'& LiUtz,, butchers.'"' ln each case
the girl. 'i forj" she f is ? little" niore. ' pur
chased" a : small "quantity : of. goods. . ten
dering|ln. payment 'checks which- were
later found- to -be {.worthless. • ;
- The checks -were" ; for; $8 each and
drawn on the ; California ; Bank. The/
were payable ; v to ? Stella "Meyers. When
askedj for her address ' the , girl ? said she
was j employed :'as J a" domestic, at 1305
.^ter>street f^XoJ-such.per S on:is
LETTER WRITER
ANNOYS COURT
Judge W. H. Waste Receives
CoiiiiimiiicatioiiConceraing
-Matter Now. Before Him
EPISTLE IS CRITICAL
G. W. Rumble Takes Occasion
to Cast Reflections on the
Administration of Laws
OAItLAND, Dec. 27.— The third let
ter written recently to different Super
ior Judges regarding cases on trial be
fore them was received by Judge Waste
to-day from G. W. Rumble, and only
the fact that he had signed his name
to the- document, Judge Waste, said,
kept him from setting the machinery
of the law In operation for his punish
ment. .'This matter of writing to a
Judge concerning matters ho has under
consideration must stop," declared
Judge Waste. "It fs not right to at
tempt to influence the mind of the court
in such a manner." . .
Rumble" heads, his letter "Food for
Thought,"- excerpts of, which are:
There ar» 54.0C0 laws on tha books of th!s
State and over 600 were enacted by the last
Legislature; there are about 2500 lawyers In
San Francisco and Oakland. - \u25a0
Question — Where does the business man jet
off? >. :
Regardingr the case of Rumble .to. the Sun
set Mining Company. the concern of Sanderson.
Davis & Well "butted 1n" and are "pirates"
and have caused .the company great trouble.
causing its mines to close, valued at $1,000,000.
Ex -Judge Sanderson visits .th# chambers of
the Judges here and -fixes matters to suit him
self. I am told tha- .this cannot be done in
your court and" that a Equare deal Is secured
over your counter. . ~
Rumble,,, the writer of the letter,
signs himselt secretary, treasurer and
general manager of the Sunset Mining
Company, and a decision of some
$200,000 was recently given against
him in San Francisco. Charges reflect
ing on his honesty of purpose are made
in- the matter pending here, in which it
19 stated, that he allowed a Judgment
to go against . the company in favor
of his wife for the sum of S3OOO.
DETECTIVE LETS
PRISONER FLEE
POINT RICHMOND. Dec. 27.— While
under guard last night of a private de
tective, Minjojima. a Japanese, charged
with the theft of moneys from the Bank
of Yokohama, In Japan, escaped. The
fugitive had been arrested at Fresno. He
was taken. to Point Richmond to be held
there in . concealment until the next
steamer sails for Japan, the bank officials
fearing that the man's friends might in
voke successful habeas corpus proceed
ings before -he could be placed outside
the Jurisdiction of the courts.
According to the story related, by tho
police "at' Point* "Richmond, the fugitive
was employed as a clerk In the Yokohama
bank. It was desired that Minjojima
should learn something about American
customs, so, through .the influence of his
brother, he was sent to this country and
installed In a branch of the bank at Saa
Francisco. Shortly after the departure
from Yokohama the defalcation was dis
covered. "Word was cabled to San Fran
cisco, but by some means or another the
new "arrival received information of the
discovery in time to flee. .Private de
tectives were put on his trail and they
traced the man to Fresno, where he was
taken Into custody. He was given over
to Detective Darr last night and Instruc
tions were given to keep a close watch
over the . prisoner. But Darr. believing
his man secure, lapsed during the night
and his ward disappeared.
Manager Hodsumi of the branch bank
was. seen by a Call representative last
night. He said the defalcation was very
small . and that ' the bank was fully pro
tected by surety arrangements in Japan.
Mr. Hodsuml's bank will not prosecute
the defaulter here, even If he Is found.
HERWTIIi.pBAWX
'BY AN ASTKOLOGER
SALEM, .Mass., Dec. 27.^ — That the
will of Mrs. % Jennie Phillips Chase,
whose, death at. Swampscott last Sep
tember under circumstances* Indicating
suicide is "being investigated by the
District Attorney, was drawn by a pro
fessed astrologer Introduced to her by
her husband. Dr. Horace Chase, the heir
of her million-dollar estate, was brought
out in Dr. Chase's testimony In the Pro
bate Court yesterday.
, Mrs. Chase in her will bequeathed her
entire estate to her adopted son, De
Forest Woodruff Chase, a son of Dr.
Chase, her second husband. De Forest
Cnase. died. in Boston last week and the
woman's will, under which the property
would revert to. the elder Chase, is be
ing, contested by the brothers and sis
ters of the dead woman.
Six months before her marriage to
Dr. Chase the latter Introduced her to
Oliver "Ames Gould, an astrologer. Dr
Chase stated that Gould drew his horo
scope and that of the woman; .The
horoscopes each stated that marriage
would. follow In a few months.
E3IERSOX HALL DULY
DEDICATED AT HARVARD
CAMBRIDGE. Mass., Dec. 27.—
\u25a0Emerson -Hall, the new home of ' the
philosophical department at Harvard
University and named in honor of
Ralph Waldo Emerson, was dedicated
to-day. in tho presence of the, members
of the American Philosophical and
Psychological Assolcatlon and the
various, governing boards of the uni
versity. - : Professor Hugo Munsterburg
head of the department of philosophy!
presided, and the speakers were Presi
dent Charles^ W. . Eliot and Dr. Edward
Waldo ; Emerson, ft son of the great
essayist. In. his' address President
Eliot said:": - -
TVe bellev* that Emerson's name will b« a
lasting one, an immortal one;. not that Emer
son - was a ' philosopher or a . psychologist he
was. not only a systematic thinker, but mere
a poet and a prophet, many of whom? prophet
cles :have already been fulfilled H* was \
New Englander. = hence an American In th~
broadest sense.' He was ; a political seer w*
find In. his writings Ideals of government as
well as of, learning. Hence his name is »d
propriate to . this institution and to this de
partment 'of the Institution. .
TO TESTOAMBLIKO LAW.— Oakland Dec
27.^— H. J. Judg* 'was arrested to-day on a'-tom
plaint charsing him , with conducting an illegal
money paying slot machine at A Man Chateau
a. Pleasant* Valley resort. Tha case win twi
mado ' a test one to-morrow before Justic« nf
the Peace J. 0.. Quinn.,
VICTORIA.* 8.C.. Dec. 28— Th« Brlti»h
steamer Dulwich v has, been chartered by" «h"
Mexican* Governmen t: for coasting servtca on
the,' Mexican coast is connecUon < with th«
Tehuantepec Railway. ;Th* Dulwich wUI l«avi
for Acopulco ia a faw daya. : '.'-.' "^
GIVES LIBERTY
TO OLD CONVICT
Governor Pardons a Prisoner
Who Had Been in the State
Penitentiary Since 1880
MUST LE AVE CALIFORNIA
Release Is Granted on Con
dition That He Will Start
Without Delay for Mexico
Ep«cUl Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN, Dec. 27.— J. J. Alva
rez, an aged veteran of the Mexican
War, who was serving 'a life sentence
for . killing an Italian gambler In San
Diego in ISSO, has been pardoned by
Governor Pardee upon the condition
that he leave the State within ten days.
Alvarez, who was known around tha
prison as "French Louis," could not
realize that he was a free man when
the prison gates were opened for him
to-day. When he at length realized
that ho was at liberty ha exclaimed:
"Thank God. I am a free man and cart
go home to Mexico, my home, and die."
Alvarez took an early stage this
morning and scrutinized everything
very carefully. He hesitated about get
ting on the train at Greenbrae, but
finally ventured aboard. He .will be
taken care of by Mr. Ornelas of the
Mexican Consulate, who will ace him
started on his trip for Mexico.
It is said that Alvarez has & larva
amount of pension money coming to
him from the Government. It has been
accumulating for twenty-five years.
KWKSTIGATIXG WATER SUPPI.T.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. 27.—
J. I*. Choate and O. R. Coleman have
been appointed by tho Board of Health,
of Santa Clara County to investigate
tho possibilities of pollution of the wa
ter supplies of San Francisco and Stan
ford University. Choate and Colemaa
are students at Stanford and bay« won
honors in investigation along scientific
lines. They will not only look into tn«
possibility of the water supplies of tho
adjoining towns beingr polluted, but
will also make a complete sanitary mtp
of the entire region.
FORFEITS HIS BAIL.
SAX RAFAEL. Dec. 27.— Paul Rover!,
who recently came here from Italy, was
slaughtering' robins, larks, canaries and
other small sons birds near Fairfax
Sunday when Deputy Fish Commis
sioner Ortman placed him under arrest
for violating a county ordinance. Ho
deposited $25 cash bail as a guarantee
that he would appear before Judge Ma
gee to answer to the charge. He failrd
to appear In court to-day and the bail
was ordered forfeited. Rover! lives in
San Francisco.
WILL BUILD XEW* LIBRARY.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 27. — Reid Broth
ers of San Francisco have been selected
by the Library Trustees of this city as
the architects of the proposed Carnegie
Library, which will coat, $25,000 when
completed. A lot recently purchased,
principally through. the generous con
tributions of the citizens of this city,
will be used for the library.
JTOXICIPAL OWNERSHIP
COSTLY FOE NEW TOEK
NEW YORK. Dec 27.— For tha prtvllega
of owning Its own f«rry to Staten Island
the city .of New York ia paying more than
1500 a day, that being the daily excess of
expenses over receipts In the seven weeks
since the city took control. From Octob«r
25 to Decembers the total expenses were
$107,358 and the receipts J75.400. This leaves
a loss of 525.955. or $336 a day for the fifty
four days covered by the statement.
Increase in the number of men employed
on the boats. Increase ia the amount of
wages as comrared with the rate paid
when the ferry was under private owner
ship, together with a reduction of one
third In the cumber of hours of labor,
necessitating three shifts Instead of two.
are chiefly responsible for the deficit.
Thus far the number of passengers car
ried since the city assumed control has
averaged 23,033 a day. As the city did
not begin operating the ferry until after
the excursion season was over. It la be
lieved that this average will be largely
Increased for the year, because of the In
crease of travel during June. July and
August. The old boats had a record of
carrying 95.0C0 passengers In a single day.
PHOTE9- MADE AGAEVST
PROPOSED CHURCH VSJOS
NASHVILLE, Term.. Dec 17. — The
Cumberland Pre3byterian Loyalist
Council, which met here to-day,
adoptea resolutions protesting against
the proposed union of the Cumberland
Presbyterian church with the Presby
terian church in the United States.' A
copy of the resolutions was ordered
telegraphed to the committee on fra
ternity and union, which will meet In
St. Loui3 for the purpose of arranging
details of the union of the two
churches.
\u25a0* \u25a0 \
TELLS POLICE TWO STORIES.— "BiIIy
Spauldlns" was arrested last Bight and
booked at the City Hall station on • charge of
drunkenness. While being searched h*
changed his name to Abe A bran is and claimed
to be the victim of a holJup.
YOU DREAD COLDS
Not only because of the suffering and
Inconvenience, but more on account of
the serious results that often follow.
When you notice the firwt symptom of
taking cold, heed the warning and
promptly take a few doses of
2sHl SffuTl'rul I°, U T , ftnd U vorv
prytjjl J * *jjIAL»H helpful, it not
S*S3 (^ftiTTFTJe^ onI >" Prevent*
pl^ «*>**\u25a0 A *^S.- ChUU. Cold* am!
ti«N!x^iiliill^ enialelHsore niaIelHsor
B^jfig^i^iiC'f^^f^^ copy of our I!><hi
\^j^^^p^aaMwsw>*Bawrw Almanac fro rxi
T. . """"^ your drujf ii3t- ,COLLINS MAKES
BITTER ATTACK
District Attorney Byington
and Judges Lawlor and
. Lennon Subjects of Venom
CITATION NOT ISSUED
Contempt Proceedings Con
tinued to Enable the Af
fiant to Submit Authorities
When Attorney George D. Collins ap
peared in Judge Lawlor's court yesterday
morning to learn ih? Judge's decision on
"the affidavit asking that District Attorney
Kyington be rited Tor contempt for flaying
Jurors Hickman, Hartley and Hunt, he
was somewhat disappointed.
The Judge paid he had carefully read
the affidavit, but he was not prepare* to
Issue a citation on the alleged facts
therein. He did not think that it cams
•within the pun-Jew of the 6ta.tute re
ferred to by Collint.
'• Collins asked tor time to cite authori
ties on the subject, and he was given till
this morning.
. Th« District Attorney Is continuing his
Investigation as to the conduct of Jurors
Jlicii*nan, Hartley and Hunt. Yesterday
lie had an interview with Juror Paul
Kingston.
C<>ilir.s made a lengthy statement for
publication yesterday, in which he bitter
ly-attacked Judges Lawlcr and Lennon
end District Attorney Byington. He al
leges tha,t the majority of the jurors were
•et first for an acquittal, but a determined
effort was made to change their votes,
which waa successful. He concludes by
'promising that his conduct will be vindi
cated and his innocence established. He
.'declares that he Trill swear out warrants
\u25a0for the arrest of Jurors Kingston and
Cohn for perjury.
SAW FRAXCISCO BLUE BOOK.
n-fce Fashionable Private Addreaa Direc
tory Xovr Being Compiled and Reser
vation* Made for the Season of 1805-6.
. . .It will contain an alphabetical ar
rangement of the names and residential
edflreeses of the leading families, em
bracing one hundred cities and towns
111 California, vii.: San Francisco, Oak
land. Alameda, Berkeley. San Rafael
Sausalito. Belvedere, Palo Alto, Menlo
Park. Burlingame. San Mateo, Redwood
City, San Jose, Los Angeles, Pasadena,
Elk Grove, Paradise. Auburn, Placer
ville, Maywood. Redding, Sacramento
s willows, Woodland. Callstoga, Eureka,
x^apa. Antioch, Petaluma, Sonoma •
. Watsonville. Hollister, Cenferville
Kiles, Newark, Orovllle. Decoto, Irving
ton, Sonora, Stockton. Tuolumne, Val
lejo, Armona, Bakersfield. Dinuba, Fow
ler. Fresno. West Park. Hanford, Kern.
Lemoore, Oleander, Porterville, Reed
ley. Sang€r, Selma, Tulare, Visalia, Al
. hambra, Avalon. Azusa, Briggs, Carpen
taria. Covina, Downey. Lonipoc, East
• Whltticr, Long Beach. Moneta^ Monro
via, Pomona, Santa Barbara, San Luis
Obispo, Santa Maria, Santa Paula, San
ta Monies, South Pasadena. Saticoy,
• Ventura. Craftonville, Colton. Corona,
-Banning, Fullerton, Glendora, High
land, La Jolla, La Mesa, Ontario, Perris,
Rlpcentia, Redls.nds, Santa Ana. River-
Bide. San Diego. San Jacinto, National
<Cltv, Westminster, Fair Oaks, Nevada-
City and San Bernardino.
Also San Francisco Street and Aye
. nue Guide, Theater Diagrams, Clubs
" mid Societies. Prominent Residents of
the Paclftc Coast. Personnel of the
"•Press, Shopping Guide. Permanent
Guests at the Leading Hotels, San
Francisco Street Railway Guide.
• " Tlie greatest care will be exercised in
selecting- only responsible and honest
concerns among the advertisements.
Shopping, by mail -Order and tele
phone call, is one of the modern con
veniences extended to subscribers
. through the announcements in the Blue
• Book.
Address all communications to
Charles C Hoag, Publisher, Telephone
Main 1760. Office S2O Sansome Street,
Room 47, San Francisco. •
Pleads Guilty of Forgery.
Joseph A. Smith pleaded guilty in
Judge Laxvlor's court yesterday morn
ing to a charge of forgery and will be
sentenced on January 6. While Smith
was in the City Prison on November
£1 he gave Attorney Charles; A. Low a
check for $95 on the Germania Bank,
bearing the forged signature of Ed
.•win O. Curtis. Smith had been ar
rested on a warrant from Berkeley
and the check was for his release on
balL
Aeenaed of Stealing Articles.
Mrs. Mary Farrell. 62 years of age,
Tras booked at the City Prison yester r
day by Detectives Regan and O'Con-
Xi*»ll on two charges of petty larceny.
Ehe Is accused of stealing a fur cape
and other articles from a house at
116 A Russ street.
STOCKTON MAN WEDP.-W. H. Tounr. a
prominent Stockton basinets man, wu married
to Miss Elizabeth J. Barber by Rirv. J. H. X.
VTilllain* rt etmiwon Memorial Church last
night. After the cer*monr a supper and r*-
e*j>tlcn xier« held at the home of the bride's
mother, 178 Turk street.
Cap&ai, Surplus and Profits
$3.000,000.00 j
Banking Made
Plain
TTlth Its corps of capable of-
ficers and trained employes,
this company Is In. a position to
rnak« th« details of a bank ac-
count clear to those who are not
• familiar with business or finan-
j clal transactions.
California Safe
j Deposit and
Trust Co.
• California and Montgomery Sts.
j Son Francisco, CaL
! ASSETS
j Over Ten Million Dollars
r DR.PIERCES I
€s€Bi.B2Efti .
MEDICAL V
OISCOVERY
FOR THE _
3g.OOP.BJVER,UJMGS*j
J £T5-iScl CORE SICK BEADACHB.
CAK'Cnd ;.
gSrrriE Genuine Must Bear
IJIVER Fao-Simfle Signature
B PILLS. s? _^*-" *
SOUTH END FOLK EXULT
OVER LOSS OF PEST.
HE GETS SIX MONTHS
Reward of Stealing Yacht and Beaching
It When Tired of Cruising on Bay.
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
With mainsail hsllied and pennant
a-flutter the swift yacht Spray was
found beached at Anderson's shipyard,
South San Francleco, after her master,
A. W. Hall, had spent three days In
futile endeavor to ascertain her where
abouts. Her nose was deeply Im
bedded in the mud, indicating that she
had been steered ashore, head-on, and
under full sail pressure. Investigation
led to the disclosure that her anchor
and the chain attaohed thereto were
missing.
The Spray had disappeared from the
spot where ehe was discovered and
simultaneously there faded from public
view one Fred Miller, a thriftless youth,
whose pseudonym of "the village cut
up" was earned by his penchant for
playing mischievous, not to say ma
licious, pranks at the expense of his
neighbors in the South End, many of
whom substituted the noun "pest" for
that of "cut-up" when they voiced his
sobriquet. It was only reasonable
therefore that when Skipper Hall
learned of Master Miller's disappear
ance he opined that boy and boat had
departed together, nor wasjt remark
able that .his opinion was shared by
every person who had fallen victim to
the lad's love of practical joking.
"Without wishin' any ill luck to you,
cap'n," said one of his hearers, "I won't
be eorry if he runs her on a rock an"
is drowned, 'f'r he's a derned noosance."
While the captain did not express ap
proval of that wish, his demeanor made
it evident that he could gladly hail
Master Miller's demise by any means
t*at would not Involve the wrecking
of the Spray.
After the yacht was found no diffi
culty was encountered in effecting the
arrest of Master Miller on Captain
Hall's complaint of malicious mischief,
for the young man's usual haunts were
well known to all who desired his re
moval from the vicinage. When ar
raigned before Police Judge Mogan he
had no defense to offer, save a remark
that the anchor and chain were acci
dentally lost and neither willfully cast
away nor stolen by him, as the prose
cution had surmised. He was sentenced
t& six months' Imprisonment and a
large delegation from South San Fran
cisco openly exulted.
It was corridor gossip that during
his three days' voyage on the yacht
Master Miller visited almost every port
on the bay and whlled away his sailing
hours .by lying upon • his back and
loudly singing the* refrain of a popular
nautical song, which real mariners
never sing, the opening line of which
is.* "Sailin*. sailin*, over the boundin'
main." Rumor had it also that he
beached the boat because his limited
ken of seamanship prevented him get
ting ashore by any^- other means so
promising of safety.
Charles A. Smith, a sand teamster, ob
structed passenger car traffic on Bay
street for twenty-six consecutive min
utes by keeping his wagon at a standstill
on the track, despite the pleading and
objurgations of an ever-increasing army
of conductors and gripmen, whose respec
tive vehicles were compelled to stop and
thus shatter their time schedule.
In defense of his conduct Mr. Smith
told Judge Cabaniss that one of. the
wheels of his wagon stuck between a
rail and a rock and that when he re
quested the assembled conductors and
gripmen and chafing passengers to assist
in releasing the obstacle they showered
vituperation upon him.
R, Thompson, a car Inspector for the
United Railroads, testified that the only
abusive language Indulged in was by Mr.
Smith himself, he having said to Hans
Peterson, a gripman, "I'll knock some of
the corners off that,, square head of
yours."
For obstructing the street can Mr.
Smith was fined $10. and an additional
charge of peace disturbance was dis
missed. . - k
• ';.,, #>;: •
Mrs. M. Morgenstern. a buxom matron
residing at 110 Olive street, tearfully told
Judge Conlan that Edward Ford, a swart
and stalwart young man whom she had
"tried to mother," proved an lngrate by
stealing her purse, containing $11, and
also her baby's savings bank.
"Why did you do it?" his Honor asked
the defendant.
"Because I> asked her for money and
she wouldn't let m* have it," was the
surly reply. \u25a0 :\u25a0";'\u25a0 .0
"What right did you have to expect her
to give you money?" the Judge pursued.
"I'd rather not go Into that question,"
was the answer.
Wlien the same query was addressed to
Mrs. Morgenstern she sobblngly muttered
\u2666"^at she had "tried to mother him," and
ncr husband, a kindly faced little man,
echoed her explanation.
"Well., the Sheriff will father him for
the next six months,"- said the court.,' .^
When the 6ullen prisoner was returned
to the cage Mrs. Mbrgenstern. still weep
ing, thrust her hands between the bars
and grasped his hands and held whis
pered converse with him.
He was booked as Frederick J.« Rich
ards, but he confidentially informed Judge
Frit* that the name was assumed, as ' he
was a prominent business man in Oak
land and did not desire to have his ac
quaintances twit him on the fact that he
was arrested for drunkenness and disor
derly behavior in the San, Francisco red
light district at 1 o'clock yesterday morn
ing. As he spoke he nervously fondled
his sldewhiskers, and when the Judge or
dered his dismissal h» tied from the court
with bowed head and great precipitancy.
Judge Mogan saw the futility of at
tempting to stop Mrs. Abraham Cohen's
oral flow until nature * aawrUd ita ? ex
haustion, and for at least fifteen consec
utive minutes the lady * wai allowed to
talk uninterruptedly •while witnesses wwe
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY/DECEMBER 28, 1905.
testifying in the case against her hua
band, who is a contracting carpenter at
172 Rausoh street and was accused by J.
Cornfield, Journeyman carpenter, of hav
ing defrauded him out of honestly earned
wages to the amount of $15, and, incident
ally, of having disturbed- the peace by re
fusing to pay said sum.
Mrs. Cohen's unsolicited pleading was
in advocacy of her husband's cause, of
course, and ran the gamut of forensic
variety, ranging from most scathing in
vective to tender appeal. Nor was she
discriminative in her selection of persons
to address. When the Judge avoided her
eye she transferred it to Clerk Gray, then
to Stenographer Long, then to the immo
bile countenance of Bailiff Hickey, and
finally to the tittering assemblage of
chair-warmers. Her vocal organism was
unimpaired when the case was disposed
of, and she was talking when the suc
ceeding case was well under way.
Mr. Cohen agreed to pay the Jl5. •
:\u25a0'.•;'\u25a0..• •
Fillpo Martinet and Tony Albata, na
tives of Manila, P. 1., were given a year's
imprisonment by Judge Conlan, before
whom it was proved -wat they systemat
ically pilfered small .articles from va
rioua small dealers in 'holiday goods dur
ing the recent rush.
• • " ;: \u25a0'••;•\u25a0
Mary Diamond, shoplifter, was given
twenty-five days by Judge* Fritz. She
stole gloves from the Emporium.
• •;• •
John Wilson, middle-aged, decently
garbed and bearded like a pard (whatever
that may be), menacingly brandished a
revolver in George Spiro's restaurant, 12
Hay«s street, for which he was arrested
and booked for assault with a deadly
weapon. After hearing the testimony,
however, Judge Mogan ordered that the
complaint be amended to read, "exhibit
ing a deadly weapon in a rude and threat
ening manner," and the revised charge
will be heard next Friday. .
A combination of Mr. Spiro's clumsiness,
and Mr. Wilson's whiskers was alleged
to have led to the pistol play. Mr. Wil
son had ordered eggs, soft-scrambled,
and Mr. Bplro took the order and also de
livered it, but in the process of delivery
his foot slipped, or his elbow was jog
gled, the result being that the dish of
mixed-up eggs was deposited upon Mr.
Wilson's facial appendage. Instead of
upon the' table. Endeavoring to claw the
yellow mass from Its nestling place, but
actually digging it more deeply therein,
Mr. Wilson angrily demanded of Mr.
Splro what In thunder— or something ©lse
— he meant by his' 1 awkwardness, nor
•would he stay his harangue to listen to
apologetic explanation. Eventually the
»tor« of Mr. Spiro's patience became ex
hausted, and he, too, waxed angrry.
Mr. Wilson avers he did not draw his
shooting iron until his head had been vio
lently tapped by a coffee-cup in one of
Mr. Spiro's hands, but Mr. Spiro declares
he had never so much as spoken harshly,
much less committed assault, when he
was both astonished and frightened by
Mr. Wilson's sudden display of firearms.
Mr. Wilson's whiskers had been - reno
vated when he appeared in court.
Dominick Presto was one of a group of
Italians who stood at Green and Dupont
streets and Jeered at Patrolman R. -Mor
ton R8 he was passing by, and when Dom
inick was arrested and escorted .to a
patrol box he expressed his contempt for
his captor by deliberately expectorating
upon the sidewalk, after he had been
warned that to do so was law-defying.
His defense will be heard next Saturday
by Judge Mogun.
Patrolman Morton's work in pursuing the
authors of recent tragedies in the Latin
Quarter has made him extremely unbe
loved by the criminal element of that dis
trict. -\u25a0'VV'Ji
New Vfar'n at Hotel Del Mnnfr.
Enjoy the glass-bottom boats, hot
salt water, swimming, riding, driving,
tennis and Kolf on the finest course in
California. Special tickets, grood'leav
ing San Francisco any traln-from Fri
day, .December 29; returning by any
train Tuesday, January 2. Round-trip
rate, including four days' accommoda
tions at Del Monte, $18. Through
train, with parlor car, leaves Third and
Townsend , streets daily at 3; o'clock,
returning leaves Del Monte 8:30 a. m. •
SUE HBAIiTH BOARD. — Henry U Curtis,
J. Green and Roland V. . Hartley, who. were
(Hfmlssed last July from their positions as
milk inspectors, filed suit yesterday against
the Board of Health, asking that write of man
date issue compelling: .the board .to reinstate
them and pay them back salary from the date
of their dismissal, which they assert was ll
l*=al. \u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0 ---\u25a0'\u25a0
THE GENUINE
Natural CD Avoid
Alkaline m Imitations!
JiilL Which hayo
— /fjj*£l|glk no medicinal
TW» nit, v BtsfflffftA'' PTOPWtlca.
GENUINE fcawZ-~- Sj
VirtfV PS«K§?B3i!n Andys'" made
Ti ***«X I HmjffJ- j byFraser&Co.
Rfc? * feg 3th' A ve, N. V.,
Bottled at the {^Vi^^/f shows Syphon
NATURALg^^^ F/c/iytobeonly
SPRINGS In g^^^^g Croton water
France. Never f^^^^o charged with
aoldinSyphona W (jffllftjfifi - (as.
Sold in Pints and Quarts only
TRAIN ROBBERS
ARE BAFFLED
Masked Men Flag Engineer
to Stop North Coast Limited
but Signals Are Unheeded"
HOLD UP A PEDESTEIAN
Citizen Passing Along Road
Later Is Tied to a Tree
and Believed of His Coin
Special Despatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Wash., Dec. 27.— Two masked
men attempted to: hold up the North
Coast limited neap Ravensdale, forty-five
miles out of Seattle, Tuesday night.
They flagged the engineer to stop, but he
paid no heed to their, signals. Within a
half hour afterward a resident of Buck
ley, going along the road near the spot
where the train was flagged, was over
powered and tied to a' tree. The robbers
then searched his pockets and secured
$400. '
Officers are in pursuit' with a posse and
bloodhounds. They have a good descrip
tion of the robbers, who are believed to
be the men who held up the North Ooast
limited outside of North Yaklma early in
the month and robbed the safe in the
express car.
OREGON STATE COMMISSION
DEMANDS PORTION OF FUNDS
Claims Pro Rata Share of Money lm
Possession of I.euU and Clark
• Exposition Corporation.
PORTLAND. Dec. 27.— The Oregon
State, commission has formally noti
fied the Lewis and Clark Exposition
Corporation that it will hold the of
ficers and directors of the fair respon
sible for the distribution of money,
which it has been announced may
amount to about 25 per cent - of the
original Investment of the stockholders,
or $100,000. The official communication
states that the commission claims a
pro rata share of the funds now in the
possession of the corporation after all
liabilities have been settled. The Ore
gon State commission also demands an
accounting of the money which has
been expended by the corporation. The
communication states that the commis
sion ia^acting under the directions of
the Attorney General of the State of
Oregon.
The officials of the corporation say
that the action of the Oregon State
commission is absolutely without pre
cedent and that they know of no simi
lar occurrence in the history of expo
sitions. In returning the surplus money
to the stockholders they say they are
only following a precedent which was.
established years ago by other exposi
tions.
The one exception to the general
rule was the Chicago Fair, when the
city appropriated a certain amount.
The surplus was divided between the
stockholders and the city pro rata. But
the officials say that there was a pre
vious agreement to this effect,* which,
they allege, does not exist Between the
Lewis and >. Clark Corporation and the
State commission.
SCHOONEIt CHARLES NELSON
ENCOUNTERS A HEAVY GALE
\>**el I* Considerably " Damaged Off
; Cape Flattery and Puta Into Port
Tonnnrnd In Distress.
PORT TOWNSEND. Dec. 27.— The
steam schooner Charles Nelson, in the
lumber and passenger trade between
Tacoma and San Francisco, put into
port in distress to-day, having run
into a heavy gale off Cape Flattery.
The deck cargo had. shifted, her fresh
water supply was exhausted and the
engine-room was half full of water.
The British ship Scottish Locks,
with coal, from Cardiff for Bremer
ton, reached port this morning, 142
days out. Sunday, when thirty miles
off Cape Beale, August Rollan, a sailor,
was knocked off his feet while stand
ing on the. deck, and fell, breaking his
neck. . "'
Cruelty Charge I* Dismissed.
PETALUMA, Dec. 27.— Charles Asch
erman, who conducts , a' large poultry
ranch, in< connection with which he
operates a bone mill grinding horse
meat and bone, was tried to-day before
Judge Green on a charge of cruelty to 1
animals. ' It was shown that the horses,
which were shipped by the Arcade
Horse Market of San Francisco were
in a dying condition when they came
here and that Ascherman had given
them attention. .The case was dis
missed. The Petaluma and Santa
Rosa Railway Company will hereafter
refuse to ship old horses on their
steamers. • \u25a0 -' \u25a0
New Water Company Incorporate*.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 27. — Articles
of incorporation of the Kern-Rand
Company were filed yesterday with the
County Clerk. The capitalization is
$25,000. . The company is formed to ac
quire and own water, water rights,
reservoir sites and other necessary
estate; to construct dams, reservoirs,
canals, pipes aM other, means of .con
veying and delivering water; to us©
water for the.-creation of water power
and the generation of electricity, and
for irrigation and all. other purposes;
to sell and to rent water and electric
power. \u25a0
Plumber Is Killed by a Fail.
HANFORD, Dec. 27.*— Daniel H.
Shields, manager of the plumbing-de
partment in the A. E. Horlocks Com
pany store, fell from a scaffolding, in
the H. G. Lacey Company's Electric"
Light Works Tuesday afternoon,
struck head foremost on the floor and
received -injuries which caused his
death three hours later. The deceased
was a native of Tennessee, 46 - years
of age and leaves a wife and two chil
jf \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 - \u25a0
dren;
Shoots After Fleelna: '. Prisoner*.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. .27.— Marshal
Matthews ; and \ Deputy 'Johnson fixed
several shots, after escaping, prisoners
this j morning, at Sebastopol. The shoot
ing ;created considerable ''excitement.
The officers "had arrested half a dozen
Mexicans and half-breeds fighting and
were taking them t to! Jail, when they
tried to make their escape. . The offi
cers opened fire, and" the fleeing pris
oners surrendered. . | .
Insane Man Dies From Exposure.
STOCKTON. Dec. 27.— The body found
in a field near Termlnous : yesterday
has been: identified as that of .Jesse
Peck, an escape ' from : the '. Stockton
State Hospital. T- Peck* was committed
to the .hospital t. from -San ; Francisco
April .80, 1904.; and "escaped; on the 22d
inst. It Is supposed- that he died from
exposure while wandering about.
Shoots : Himself Through the Head.
SACRAMENTO.' Dec. 27.— The dead
body of a" man ' who r had ; given the
name" of \J. • Walley ' and -who claimed
to be a former ; business r mair/of Seat
tle,*} Wash., ; ~ was "< found" this * afternoon
on the : floor of a room in a local ; hotel.
A bullet wound through ; the head, self
inflicted, was the cause of death.
NEARLY WRECKS
HOME OF JUDGE
Quantity of Dynamite Is Ex
ploded Near House of Jus
tice Baldwin in Eureka
STABLE BADLY DAMAGED
Victim of Outrage Has Been
111 for Some Time and Is
Still in Feeble Condition
EUREKA, Dec. 27. — An" attempt was
made late last night to wreck the resi
dence of Justice of the Peace C E. Bald
win In this city. Dynamite was the
deadly agent used by the miscreants
The explosive was placed in the rear of
Judge Baldwin's home, near a stable,
and was exploded by some means not
yet discovered. A portion of. the end of
the stable was blown out and a hole
was torn in the ground. • '
Judge Baldwin' has been sick for
some time and his 'condition Is still
critical. '
FIGHT TO RETAIN CONTROL
OF WILMINGTON WATER FRONT
Articles of Incorporation of Town Are
. Filed at Sacramento to Prevent
FosNlble Annexation.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 27.— The light
to retain control of the water front of
Wilmington^ Los Angeles County, took
a rather sensational turn when Sen
ator William H. Savage of San Pedro
reached this city this morning on a
special train from Tracy, bringing ar
ticles of Incorporation of the town ot
Wilmington, which' he filed with Sec
retary of State C. E. Curry.
Senator Savage left Los Angeles, last
night at 5 o'clock and reached Tracy
at 6:10 this , morning. He had pre
viously ordered a special train to be
in readiness for him at the latter place
in order to reach Secretary Curry's of
fice ahead of a rival who was gup
posed to be armed with papers show
ing that -Wilmington, including its
waterfront, has. been annexed to Long
Beach. Up . to noon Savage's rival had
not reached this city, so ,far as could
be ascertained, and no papers of an
nexation had been filed In the office
of the Secretary of State.
A bitter fight has been waged, it ap
pears, between the people of Wilming
ton and Long Beach, the former re
sisting strenuously the attempt of the.
latter to absorb it.
SHIPWRECKED SAILOR LIVES
FOR THREE WEEKS ON CLAMS
Norwegian Leads a Cruaoe-Like Exist
ence on Pearse . Island, - Near
\u25a0• Port Simason.
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 27.— News was
brought by the steamship Tees from
Northern British Columbia of the
Crusoe-like adventure of S. A. Lund
berg, a Norwegian, who was cast away
a month ago. from a sloop. ln which he
was voyaging from Portland Canal to
Kitamat. . The sloop was wrecked on
Pearse- Island, near Port Simpson, and
the seaman spent three weeks on the
island, living on clams. He hoisted dis
tress signals on a tree by day and
built fires by night, endeavoring .vain
ly to attract attention, and finally,bullt
a raft, on which he reached Port Wil
son, fifteen miles away, after a most
trying voyage,- in which he narrowly
escaped being washed from his raft.
He was finally picked up by the Tees and
taken to Hartley Bay.
The- Tees also brought news of a
large part of Mount Peni, at Grabble
Island, falling into a! lake at Surf In
let. Some miners who arrived by the
steamship Just. passed the scene of the
landslide, .which they say caused
waves like walls of water. They be
lieve volcanic action caused a portion
of the moutnain to slide into the lake.
CONVICT FINLEY SENTENCED
TO BE HANGED AT FOLSOM
Attorney* Will Approl Case t« the *?u
prrmc Court, Alleging That the
Prisoner la Insane.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 27. — J. W. Fin
ley, one of the Folsom prison convicts,
a life term for highway rob
bery, who was convicted of conspiracy
and an attempt to escape, was to-day
sentenced by Judge Hart to be hanged
at Folsom. The date of the execution
was not fixed. The case will no doubt
be appealed to the Supreme Court, the
attorney for Finley claiming he is in
sane, although a commission of six
physicians made a. report that he was
only shamming insanity when he
acted queeriy in the. courtroom. .
New Steamer - Line to San Francisco.
PORTLAND, Dec. 27. — The . Evening
Telegram to-day states that the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company
plans, on the completion, of the North
Bank road into Portland, to put on two
immense passenger and freight steam
ers between this city and' San Fran
cisco. The company is considering the
advisability of having the vessels con
structed in San Francisco in prefer
ence to having them built In the East.
Workmen . Killed by a . Cavcln.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 27.— Two labor
ers. • a Russian ' and an Italian, were
killed to-day by a cave-In of a
clay bank at an. East Los Angeles
brickyard. Another Italian was. prob
ably fatally Injured. The men were en
gaged In shoveling clay away from a
high bank when the earth slid . down
upon them.
APV r ERTISE]»IENTS.
Special
Representatives
Wanted
We have absolutely the best
proposition for subscription
agents ever .offered by any
high-grade magazine. We
would like to tell you about it.
This is an unusual opportunity
to make considerable money
by devoting your whole or
your spare time to Every-
body's Magazine.
Write to-day stating your
references, and experience, if
any.
\ 31 E»»t 17th Street, New YoA Qty.
Dry Goods '^^^ff 6 Company.
CLEARANCE
Thursday morning will begin a striking Reduction
Sale of all broken lines and odd numbers in :: ::
Children's Dresses and Coats
FANCY DRESSES, in SCOTCH PLAIDS (4
to 12 years of age):
Regular Price $12.50 $15.00
CLEARANCE PR1CE.... 56i 50 SB.OO
CHILDREN'S PETER THOMPSON DRESSES
with embroidered fronts and shields, 4 to
12 years old, in navy blue, red and white
f serge: ;;;
Regular Price ....... . $12.50 514.00 515.00
CLEARANCE PRICE. ...ssioo $6.50 $8.00
CHILDREN'S COATS, IN BROADCLOTH
AND SERGE, in navy blue, brown, red and
tan; sizes from 4 to 12 years:
Regular Price. . ... ... $12.50 $16.50 $25.00
CLEARANCE PRICE. .. Ssioo SIOiOO SISiOO
GEARY AND STOCKTON STREETS
'BIDS" AND "OFFERS"
TRADING. OPPOSED
Chicago Board of Trade
Drives Brokers From
Its Building.
CHICAGO, Dec. 27. — The Board of
Trade to-day frowned upon the trad-
Ing In ".bids" and "offers." which have
been adopted as substitutes for "puts"
and "calls" since those privileges were
abolished. The trading In "bids" and
"offers" has been conducted In the
smoking-room of the Board of Trade
building after the close of the regular
market.- To-day when a crowd of
brokers attempted to enter the room
they found their way barred by a num
ber" of ushers, who informed them that
the real estate committee of the board
had decided' that there will be po more
trading in "bids and offers" In the
Board of Trade building.
A large crowd of brokers imme
diately adjourned to the rear of the
building, where the trading was com
menced In and around the rear door of
the first floor. The ushers again com
pelled them to move and finally they
; hastened across the street and rented a
vacant room within a few minutes'
walk of the Board of Trade and re
«umed trading.
McClc-llan Takes the Oath.
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— Mayor
George B. McClellan to-day was sworn
in as Mayor of New York City for the
next four years. *--*i
Yl HE HAMBURG-AMERICAN
LINE begs to announce that
they will establish their own
passenger offices artOl California
Street, San Francisco, on Jan. 1,
1906, under the management of
Mr. Henry F. Dorgcloh.
December, 1905.
nn V-V T7*
kH mSm uas wx?tt »_. GO S3 533 S3 ESI KS IBS Rsf
MITO CHICAGO-^^^
SB Via the Chicago, Union Pacific & NorthAVcstern Line. 11|
ma Over the only double-track railway between the Missouri igl
H I River and Chicago. New Pullman, Drawing-Room and 1
Bl Stateroom Cars built expressly for this famous train. jj|f
ran Gentlemen's Buffet and Ladies* Parlor Observation Car, fJ§
Ml Booklovers Library/ Dining-Car, Meals a U. Carte. EM
1«% Electric lighted throughout. . jfg/
J^\ Round trip aixl on«-waj rickets ea tile daljT !• all BarofMaa poJnU tba § SU
li\V ChJc»?o. Unio« Padbc & Morth-We«era 14n« and iv rail aad atsamihtp M §3
j^^^^ Everything £0
_^ ForTfckeU, SleepfocGar Rejerrationsaad JSSSSKtt^^.
out a
TICKET SCALPERS
LOSE THEIR FIGHT
Supreme Court of Washing
§ton Sustains Law Passed
by Legislature.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
OLYMPLV, Wash.. Dec. J?.— Th© State
Supreme Court to-day unanimously sus
tained an act of the last Legislature pro
hibiting any but authorized agents of
railroads selling railroad tickets. The de
cision was on the habeas corpus applica
tion of Hugh M. O'Neill, a Seattle ticket
scalper, arrested for violating the law.
Referring to a contrary decision by Judse
Alton B. Parker In a Xew Yont court, the
decision says:
"His distinguished personality as a jus
tice and otherwise should cause his opin
ions and arguments to receive much con
sideration, but his conclusions are not
supported by the decisions of other
courts."
The Mendel Wardrobe Trunk
Is a combination ot convenience and Quality.
At home It forms a wardrobe, while traveling
a trunk. Ask for illustrated booklet in tfunic
and cult case department. Sanborn. Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. —j \u25a0\u25a0•.— \u25a0: .-V
Rob Safe In a Grocery.
MARYSVILLE. Dec. 27. — Burglars
entered the grocery of Kelly &. Brydcn
last night and secured $367 from th«
safe. An entrance was gained through
a rear door. The proprietors say the
safe was opened without Injury.
56
BARK BATTERED
BY MANY GALES
Heda Arrives From Manila,
After Weathering Sportive
Typhoons and a, Hurricane
HULL BADLY STRAINED
Liner Coptic, With Heavy
Shipment of Eaw Silk,
Comes From the Orient
The bark Hecla. Captain Nelson, arrived
yesterday morning from Manila, after
one of the stormiest voyages a sailing
. versel ever weathered. She Is bound for
' Port Townsend, but put In here for new
sails and to make some necessary repairs.
• The Hecla left Manila on October 20.
Ten days after leaving the Philippine
" port, when off the coast of Luzon, a "ty
phoon was encountered. For the next
fony days the Hecla was blown from one
.typhoon into another. She weathered
them all, but was a very disreputable-
Ibokir.g windjainmer by the time the last
one got through with her. Her sails had
been blown Into rags and even the cop
per Fhcaihing had been torn from her
slides and bottom. Her stem was dam
aged and havoc more or less sericus had
been wrought on deck.
The weather behaved decently after
this, until December 18, in 43 north. 140
west, when a hurricane from the south
east ar.d southwest was encountered.
There was a high cross-sea, in which the
. Hecla was thrown on her beam. ends. In
this storm the vessel's hull was seriously
t-trained, and she was leaking yesterday
when she came into port.
The Hecla left Manila for Port Town
send for orders. It is likely that she will
be thoroughly overhauled and repaired at
this port before she again puts to sea.
Coptic Ajrive* From Orient.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com-
T-ar.y's liner Coptic. Captain William Finch,
arrived yesterday afternoon from the Orient.
_ She brought a valuable cargo and seventy
five passengers. She reached Quarantine about
4*.30 and was given quick dispatch fey Federal
doctors and custom-house officials, but did not
get aloßg£)4e the wharf until after 7 o'clock.
The tide was low and to reach her berth
• the Coptic had to squeeze her way through a
mud bank, which proved slow work.
- The vessel* cargo included nearly 1000 bales
of nw silk, worth about $750,000. She brought
altogether 13T4 tons of freight.
Amoss the passengers was Jules Brunet.
an official in the office of the Min»s*er of
Foreign Affairs in Belgium. Accompanied by
Ferdinand and Arnould F"ocquet. he has betn
'inspecting Belgium's railroad interests la the
Orient. Rene Halewyck. the Belgian Coc»ul
St this port, went out o"n the Golden Gate to
n«t his distinguished feUcw countrymen.
Captain Charles Berlin of the French army
was another passenger. He was with the
Japanese forces during the war and says that
the stories of the damage done to the town
<aT Moukden were greatly exaggerated.
Fine weathrr wag encountered throughout the
voyage. The passengers included:
From Hongkong— Dr. Charles N. Barney <U.
*S A > Wyndham H. Grant. George M. Ferine,
Mrs. S. Stein and Infant. Rev. William Cham
berlain. O.arles G. Murray. Mrs. George M.
I»er:n« Harry D. Thlrkield. David R. Gray.
Lieutenant A. J. O-Leary <V. S. N>. S. Stein.
Shanghai — Max L Esternaux. Mrs. M. L
Essmt.sux and Infant. Miss M. L Esternaux.
Itobert Van Sant. Roger Lyons. Captain C.
Windmuller.
- Kobe — Oscar Brull. Mis* Agr.es E. Keep.
Yokohama — Captain Charles Bertin. Miss
Mary Deyo Ferdinand Focquet. A. Douglas
Miller, Hon. Myles Ponsor.by. Juie* Brunet.
Mls« Alice M. Forbes. M. R. de Hees, Thierry
Mallet. Allan H. Cowbum. Arnould Fccquet,
K. KcJlma. Frederic Mallet.
Mramer Oakland Runs A Tray.
The Southern Pacific ferry steamer Oakland
r^n away from Captain McKechnie as she
was approaching this side about 10 o'clock
yesterday ir.ornir.g and going at full speed
Fh<> drove her nope through several hundred
dollars' worth of pile* at the ferry slip. Paa^
ser.gers were thrown down by the Jar and the
preatest excitement prevailed for a time. On
Tuesday the Garden City took the bit in her
mouth and tried to butt the Alameda depot
farther up the mole. The Jar wrecked the
Gazden City'n bar and restaurant, but the
vessel escaped with a few scratches. The
Oakland did mere damage to the wharf and
will herself need considerable repairing. Cap
tain McKechnie is said to have overlooked
Ot slow bell until too latp to avoid a smash.
Both accidents will be investigated by the
Federal inspectors of steam vessels, who, at
this port, have always been most exacting la
requiring the skillful handling of vessels car
rying passengers and punishing all careless
ness.
Tlaa Hard Time Dockioc
Tfce Elicits Reef yghtshJp. which came Into
.port the other day as the result of having
Tjreken away from her moorings, docked yes
terday at the bulkhead between Mission street
wharves 1 end 2. The lightship has no tele
irraph !rom bridge to engine-room and passing
orders by word of mouth made the operation
of docking a difficult undertaking. From
\u25a0wharf to wharf the lightship bumped. She
knocked a lot of gingerbread work from th-»
tug Pilot and so jarred Beadle Bros.' office as
she caromed against the building that the
clerical force deserted in a. body and stood
on th* wharf pointing their pens menacingly
at Captain Quinton. who finally worked his
unwieldy charge to the bulkhead, where he
tied her us-
Qnf«n Has Siormy Trip.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company' a
Queen errlxed yesterday afternoon from Puget
Sound after one of the roughest trips Bhe
has experienced this winter. The heaviest
weather was experienced on Christmas day.
Captain Cousins could neither Etop the ship
nor quiet the seap. but he did the next best
thing. He ordered the postponement of the
"Christmas dinner until the next day, when,
in quu-ter waters, the passengers were In
better condition t.'> <So Christmas Justice to the
turkey and plum pudding. Although the
Queen's decks were repeatedly swept by green
seas the vessel FUFtalned no damage and no-
Ixxly was Injured.
Dnmaced in Heavy Gale.
The steam schooner Charles Nelson, which
left Tacoma. December 21, returned yesterday
to Port Town»-nd leaking badly and with her
•\u25a0nginea damaged. She had encountertd a
heavy southerly gale off Caj>e Flattery, during
which her deck load shifted.
Her Boilers Give Out.
The steam schooner Acme, five and a half
days from Willapa Harbor, was towed into
ixirt yesterday by the steamer Chehalis. At
S o'clock on Christmas morning, when off the
tiorthwest seal rocks, the Acme's main boiler
cave out. Sail was set and she made the
best speed she could under canvas until the
Chehalis came along and took her In tow.
XEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Blatter* of Interest to Mariners and
Snipping Merchants.
The Dritlth steamer Dulwich <on Puget
Sound) will proceed to Acapulco In ballast.
The chip Elwell has been purchased by the
Alaska Shipping Company.
I'raatllla Takes Small Cargo.
The etearaer Umatilla, which sailed on Tues
day for Victoria, had a email cargo consigned
to the port «f destination and other British Co
lumbian ports valued at $2404 and including the
following:
2500 lbs dried fruit, 153 pkgs fresh fruits 10
jikgs fresh vegetables. 641 gals wine, 14 es
canned goods, $92 lbs coffee. 2 cs cheese, 2 cs
olive oil. 80y lbs nuts. 3 pkgs provisions 2&4
lbs leaf tobacco, 60.000 lbs c!I cake. 200 tins
matches and 2 cs arms and ammunition.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. December 27.
Stmr Chehalla, Johonson, henoa Deo 24 for
Gray* Ilarbor. returned with disabled 'stmr
Acme in tow.
Stmr Acme, WaMg, 8U days from Willa&a
Harbor, In tow etmr Chehalla,
Etmr Queen. Cousins, C 7 hours from Victo
ria, «tc.
Stmr Bonita, Alberts, 65 .hours from Ban
Pedro.
Br stmr Coptic Finch. 28 days 18 hour*
21 minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama 15
days 17 hours 9 minutes, via Honolulu 6 days
£1 hour* It minutes.
Stmr Magrte, Corning. 4 hours from Half
mooa Bar.
Nor etmr Tellus, Arntaen, 126 hours from
Nanaimo.
Br utrnr Vienna. White, 33 days from New
castle. Aug.
Bark Carondelet. Doyle. 20 days from Port
Lutilcw. \u25a0 '
Bark Hecla. Nelson. 68 days from Manila,
bound for Port Towaeend, put into San Fraa
cifco In distress.
Schr ConCanza. Mckkelsen. 24 hours from
Monterey.
Schr King Cyrus, Rosendale. 14 days from
Tacorr.a.
Schr Ida McKay. Lethola, 5 days from Eu
reka.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. December 2J.
Stmr State of California, Thomaa. Saa Diego;
P C S S Co.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria; S F &
P S S Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday. December 27.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson, Eureka.
Simr George Locmis, Seddon, Redondo.
Stmr Alia*. Badrer, Seattle.
Stmr Sea Foam, Miller. Mendocino.
Etmr Prentiss. Schilllnsky. Eureka.
Simr Macsie, Cornine, Hal! moon Bay.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Phoenix. Henricksen. Fort Brags.
Stmr M F Plant. Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Breakwater. Johnson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Newport, Whitney, San Pedro.
Stmr Navarro, Jacobs, Eureka.
Br chip Balmoral. Roop. Port Townsend.
Schr Santiago. Anderson, Monterey, Jn tow
tur Relief.
Schr Vine, Johnson, Eureka.
Tug Relief. Marshall, Monterey, with schr
Santlaeo in tow.
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS, Dee. 27—10 p. m. — Weather
cloudy and calm. ,
DOMESTIC PORTS. .
TACOMA— Arrived Dec 2t>— Br etmr Wyn
eric. from Aneon. via Comox.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Dec 26 — Bktn Tropic
Bird, frcm Astoria.
Arri\ed Dec 27 — Stmr Waep, from Eureka.
Arrived Dec 27 — Stmrs Northland and Nome
City, hence Dec 25; stmr Wasp, from Eureka.
Sailed Dec 27 — Stmr Mandalay and stmr
Coo» Bay. for San Francisco. Dec 26-^Tng Sea
King-, with barge Santa Paula in tow, for San
Francisco.
SAN DIEGO — Sailed Dec 27 — Br bark Eu
dcra. for Puget Sound or Portland; schr Min
nie A Calne. for Pujrti Sound.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived Dec 27 —
Stmr Santa Monica, from San Pedro.
Sailed Dec 27 — Stmr National City, for Ban
Francisco.
FARALLON ISLANDS — Passed Inward Dec
27, 4:30 p m — Br bark Invermark. from New
castle. N S W. for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Dec 27— Stmr Rainier,
hence Dec 23; stmr Santa Clara, from Valdez.
Sailed Dec 28 <midnlght) — Ger 1 stmr Dende
rah. for San Francteco.
TATOOSH — Passed Inward Dec 27 — Br stmr
Wellington, hence Dec 24, for Ladyemith. B C\
Passed out Dec 27 — Ger stmr Denderah. for
San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Dec 27— Stmr W H Kru
ger. hence Dec 24.
POINT RETES — Passed Dec 27, 0 a m —
Stmr Acme, in tow of a steam schooner, from
South Bend, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 27 — Stmr Pomona,
hence Dec -6. .
Sailed Dec 27— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
~Arrived Dec 27 — Schr John A. hence Dec 23;
Etmr Francis H Lec Ke tt, hence Dec 26.
Sailed Deo 27 — Stmr Noyo. for San Francisco.
Sailed Dec 27— Stmr Alliance, for Portland;
schr Sctoyome. for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Dec 27— Schr
Gamble, from San Pedro.
POINT REYES — Passed Dec 27. 2:45 p m —
Ncr strr.r Telius. from Ladysmith, for San
Francisco.
PORT HARFORD — Arrived Dec 27 — Tug Sea
Rover, with banre 3 In tow, hence Dec 2tJ.
HARDY CREEK— Arrived Dec 27— Stmr
Marehtitld, hence Dec 28.
ANACORTES— Arrived Dec 21— Schr Lottie
Bennett, from Santa Rosalia.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Dec 27— Bark
Albert, for Hilo.
ISLAND PORTS.
MANILA — Sailed Dec 14— Br stmr Indra
rmra. for Japan and Siberia. Dec 20 — Stmr
Lyra, for Puget Sound, via Hongkong and
Yokohama.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK — Sailed Dec 26— Stmr Havana,
for Colon.
1 FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH— Passed Dec 25— Br ship
Tweedsdale, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
ARICA— In port Nov 2S — Br bark Kinross,
for Kehulul. via IquiQue.
IQUIQUE — Sailed Dec 22 — Br *tmr Fitz
clarence, for Delaware Breakwater.
Arrived Dec 11 — Br bark Kinross, from
Arica, to load for Kahulul.
MONTEVIDEO — Sailed Dec B—Br8 — Br stmr
Anglo Canadian, for Philadelphia. Dec 9—9 —
Br stmr Anglo Chilian, for "ew York.
PANAMA— SaiIed Dec 13— Br bark Alexan
der Black, for Port Anceles.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Dec 22— Br Btmr Em
pre*g of Jaoan. for Vancouver. Dec 14 — Br
ship Glenelvan. for Puget Sound. Dec 25 —
Br atmr'CoulKilon, for .
Sailed Dec 27 — Stmr Siberia, for San Fran
cisco.
SINGAPORE — Arrived Dec 15 — Ship Acme,
from Manila.
MAZATLAN— faiIed Dec 22— Stmr Curacao,
for San Franclaco.
HONGKONG — Sailed Dec 27— Stmr Mongo
lia, for San Francinco.
VICTORIA— Arrived Dec 27 — Br stmr Wel
llneton. hence Dec 24.
Memoranda.
Per Br stmr Vienna — Dec 25. 300 miles SW
of San Francisco, saw Br bark, supciosed to
be the Br bark Invermark, from Newcastle,
A us., for San Francisco.
Per bark Hecla, at San Francisco. Deo 27,
from Manila. — Sailed from Manila Oct 20, for
Port Townsend. for order*. On Oct 30, oft
the Island of Luzon, experienced a succession
of typhoons which lanted 40 days, blowing
away sails and tearing sheathing off vessel,
danuurln* stem and doing other slight dam
age. On Dec 18, In lat 43 X, long 140 W, ex
perienced a hurricane from SB to SW, with
hich cross sea, which threw vessel on beam
ends, straining her bully; also blew away galls.
and as nearly ail the sails were Kone, . put
Into San Francisco for, sails and repairs.
Per etmr Acme, from Willapa. Harbor Dec
27 — On Dec 25, 8:30 a m, off NW Seal Rocks,
the main boiler gave, out; was picked -up by.
etmr Chehalls and towed to San Francisco.
SEATTLE, Dec. 27.— The captain find crew
of the stmr Portland, previously reported, ar
rived here this morning and reports ' vessel
badly twisted and hogged; submerged at hUh
water to captain's room. .\u25a0
SEATTLE. Dec 27. — Stmr Charles Kelson,
before reported, put back to Port Townsend;
Is leaking badly and has engines damaged.
Stmr Portland is reported completely ; cov
ered at high tide; hurricane deck ' bulges out,
upper work* severely damaged; leaking badly;
probably total loss.
PORT TOWNSEND. Dec 27.— The Btmr
ChBrles Nelson, previously reported, returned
to this port with cargo shifted; also -has en
elna room half full of water and fresh water
supply exhausted.
POUT TOWNSEND, Dee. 27.— The- stmr
Charles Nelson, from Seattle, for San Fran
cisco, experienced heavy S gale off Cape Flat
tery yesterday: deckload shifted; has returned
here to rtstow deckload; will probably pro
ceed to-morrow. .
EAST LONDON. Dec. 26. — A contract : was
made last month to repair the Br ship Sena
tor, from Puget Sound, previously reported, for
£71)5.
. LONDON. Dec. 26.— The ship Acme, previ
ously reported, now at Singapore, has con
tracted to repair carnages for $58,000, Mexican
money. - . - ,
Lloyds* agent at Nagasaki telegraphs that
repairs at Portland to Br stmr Oceano are
unsatisfactory; .vessel leaks; thre« shell plates
and rivets started; .repairs probably to be
completed In three days; estimated oest £350
YOKOHAMA. Dec 26.— The Br ship den
elvan. from Iqulque, . discharged a* cargo of
nitrate and afterward docked tor repairs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, ".DECEMBER . 28, 1905.
AMERICAN* BARK HECI^A. WHICH
WAS BADLY BATTERED DUR
ING VOTAGE FROM MANILA.
Movement* of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. i From. I Due.
Elizabeth ' Coquille River Dec. 2S
Chas. Nelson. .' Seattle & Tacoma .... Dec. 28
Porno : Point Arena & Albion. Dec. 2S
J Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 28
I Curacao Mexican Ports Dec. 2J
; Pomona Humboldt Dec. 29
Coos Bay . San Pedro & Way Pts. Dec. 29
F. Kilburn.... Portland & Way Ports. Dec. a»
Homer Portland & Astoria.... Dec. 29
I Denderah Seattle Dec. 29
i Watson Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 29
Vanguard Humboldt Dec. 29
j San Pedro San Pedro Dec. 20
Senator Portland & Astoria Dec 30
•S. Monica San Pedro Dec. 30
South Bay... San Diego Dec. 30
Jeanie Los Angeles Ports. .... Dec. 31
Arctic Humbolut Dec. 31
Sea Foam Mendocino & Pt, Arena! Dec. 31
Ereakwatcr... Coos Bay |Dec. 31
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 1
Corona Humboldt Jan. I"
M. F. Plant... Coos Bay &. Pt. Orford. Jan. 1
Centralia Grays Harbor Jan. 1
City Puebla. .. Puget Sound Ports Jan. 1
State Cal San Diego & Way Pts.'Jan. 1
F. Leggett... Humboldt Uan. 1
Chehalls Grayß Harbor Jan. 'i,
Bonita Newport & Way Pts.. Jan. 2
Peru New York via Ancon.. Jan. 2
Coronado Grays Harbor Jan. 2
Rainier Seattle & Bellingham. . Jan. 2
W. Kruger... Portland .& Astoria Jan. 3
Cascade Portland & Astoria.. . .iJan. «
Columbia Portland & Astoria. .. .IJan. 4
North Fork... Humboldt [Jan. 4
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan IJan. 5
Nebraskan Honolulu & Kahulul. . .IJan. " 5
Umatllla Puget Sound Porte |Jan. «
- .' TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails j Pier.
December 28. 1
Chlco Coos Bay 3 pm Pier 5
Acme Wlllapa Harbor ... 3 pm Pier 2
laqua Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm|Pier 2
Corona Humboldt l:3op|Pler 9
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bcnita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
N. Fork Humboldt 9 am J Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria & Po r tland 11 amjPier 24
Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahului..|ll am|Pier 23
December 29. I j
Newburg Grays Harbor 2 pmlPier 10
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor .... 3 pm'Pier 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Redondo.... Astoria & Portland 12 m Pier 'i
Eureka Humboldt | 9am Pier 5
Norwood... Grays Harbor Pier 2
Aberdeen. . . Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 16
December 30, • •"
Elizabeth.. Coqulllo River . . . .| spm Pier 20
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor '....I 4 pm Pier 2
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
Korea China & Japan. ...| 1 pm Pier 40
San Juan... N. Y. via Ancon.. Jl2 m Pier 40
Scuth Bay. . Astoria & Portland 4pm Pier 27
Vanguard.. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 27
J. Higgina. LO9 Angeles Ports. 11 am Pier 2
December 31.
F. Kilburn. Portland & Way... 2pm Pier 20
Jeanie Astoria & Portland. spm Pier fi
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way. 9am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt :... . 1:30 p Pier 9
Chas Nelson Seattle & Tacoma. I 6 pm Pier 20
Queen Puget /Sound Portslll am]Pler 9
January 1. | 1
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.| 9 am] Pier 11
Jauiuir.v 2. I |
Senator Astoria & Portlandjll am] Pier 24
M. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 5 pmjPler 20
Northland.. Astoria & Portland! 5 pmjPier 27
Jtinnnry 3. i I
M. F. Plant Coos Bay ' 4 pmjPler 11
Sea Foam.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt 9am Pier 2
Breakwater Coos Bay spm Pier 8
Denderah... Hamburg & Way.. 12 mjPler 19
Janunry 4. I I
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pmiPler 7
January S. j I --.
Rainier Seattle & Berham.!l2 m]Pi». ,J
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports[ll am Pier 'j
January 0. ( - f^\"'
City Sydney N. Y. via Ancon.. ll2 ro]Pler 40
Janunry 7. I I
Curacao Mexican Ports 110 am' Pier 11
A'- r; :tv' FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. j Destination. Sails.
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 31
Fama Clara.. . Seward & Way Ports.:. Jan. 1
Farallon Skagway & Way Port*. Jan. 6
Bertha i Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 10
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
Wednesday. December 27. '
The Time Ball on the tower of I the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. NNt. t in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
- at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
euperlctendent. ' '
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street whart) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. -DECEMBER 28.
Sun rises 7-24
Sun ecU .6-00
Moon sets ....7:41 p. m.
O jTimol Time tTlmel Time "
£ J 1 Ft. J Ft. ] Ft. Ft.
ff-IH.WI |L W H W[ Lrw ;*>,
2S 1:40 4.0 6:28 3.0 12:27 5.817:16—0 7
29 2:35 4.9 7:24 3.1 1:18 6.3 8:01 — <X 3
30 3:20 6.0 B:2S 3.0 2:17 4.9 8:43 0.2
81 4:02 5.1 9:40 2.9 8:18 4.4 9:29 0.8
1 6:00 6.1 10:45 2.8 4:22 J. 7 10:20 1.3
2 I 0:41f. 8.1 11:55[ \u25a0\u25a0 2.6 6:45[: 3.4 11:05 1.8
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early, morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as 'to time- the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
fome times occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and; then the number
given is subtracted from -. the depth given by
the charts. The plann of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. :\u25a0 \
• Tranka nnii Travelling Sets.
Everybody going away or » staying at home
wants a place for extra " clothes , and ; packing.
We have snug and tough ; trunks for going and
cheaper if «you-only want 'them' fort packing;
also • teleecopes, \u25a0:, suit : cases ;- and : bags. Many
handy things in our leather goods department
whether you go or etay. Better look them
over. Sanbom, Vail & Co., 741 Market street.*
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 27—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reoorted for the previous day
from various cities: . . \u25a0
Boston 42-32 New York 38-32
Chicago 48-38 Philadelphia ....40-32
Cincinnati 52-30 Plttsburg 4£-38
Honolulu, H. T... 78-70 St. Louis 54-36
Jacksonville 56-4$ Washington 44-30
New Orleans ...SG-4(j
SAN FRANCISCO 54-46.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of tho same date
last season, and the rainfall In the last twen
ty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka .* 0.11 8.64 13.33
Red Bluff 0.00 2.07 12.10
Sacramento 0.00 1.56 8.29
San Francisco ......0.00 2.57 9.63
San Jose 0.00 3.16 6.38
Fresno 0.00 1.20 5.31
Independence ..0.00 0.43 N 0.45
San Luis Obispo 0.00 2.12 4.96
Lob Angeles 0.00 3.11 1.00
San Diego 0.00 4.41 1.83
THE COAST RECORD.
, § H333 3^ 3* 5
STATIONS. S' 2§2g 13 ?"" $
" $ P ' « ?
C C • -> 3
;\u25a0; 3 "3 j : :
Baker 30.10 34 16 S Pt.Cldy .01
Reno 80.16 42 34 N Cloudy .00
Eureka 30.20 52 48 N Cloudy .11
Fresno 30.20 50 44 NW Clear .00
S.E.Farallcn 30.17 C 4 52 NW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 20. 52 30 8 W Clear .00
Independence .29.96 56 24 E Clear .00
Lot* Angeles ..29.9-1 62 60 E Clear .00
Mt.Tamalpais 30.20 43 39 NW Cloudy .02
Phoenix 29.90 60 32 SW Clear .00
Pt. Reyes Lt.30.13 54 50 N Cloudy .00
Pocatelio 29.08 30 16 SW Cloudy .02
Portland . 30. IS 44 38 SW Cloudy .46
Red Bluff ...30.20 SO 40 N Cloudy .00
Roseburg 30.22 40 40 E Cloudy .28
Sacramento ..30.20 46 42 NE Clear • ,00
Salt Lake 30.02 23 16 N Cloudy .U
San Francisco.3o.22 54 46 NW Cloudy .00
San Jose ....30.20 56 46 NW, Pt.Cldy .00
S. L. Obispo. f 30.14 5S 50 NE Clear .00
San -Diego :.29.06 62 48 NW Clear .00
Seattle 1 . .30.06 46 34 S ! Cloudy .26
Spokane 30.02 36 30 SW Clear .00
Tatoosh ...... ...... 38 .... '
Walla Walla..So.lo 44 38- W Clear .00
Wlnnemucca ..30.18 38 18 NW Cloudy .02
Yuma 29.94 6S 40 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure continues high over the greater
portion of the Pacific Coast. No rain « has
fallen in California except in the extreme
northern portion. Lisht showers have occurred
in Oregon and Washington. Slightly warmer
weather Is reported in the Sacramento Valley
and In California south of the TehachaDl.
FORECAST FOR DECEMBER 28.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
day; light north wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
li^ht east wind.
Sacramento Valley — Cloudy Thursday; light
north wind.
San Joaquln Valley — Fair Thursday; light
north wind.
Coast — Cloudy Thursday north of Point Con
ception: fair south; fresh west wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday.
A. G. Me ADI E. District Forecaster.
STATE TEACHERS OF
BUSINESS CONVENE
First Day of Three Days'
Programme Full of
Work.
The commercial and shorthand
teachers of California are holding
their second annual convention, in San
Francisco. Yesterday, they met in the
rooms of the Metropolitan Business
College, 925 Golden Gate avenue. In
the 'morning there was an informal re
ception. An address of welcome was
given by L. C. Jordan, president of the
college where the convention is taking
place, which was followed by the ad
dress of J. R. Humphreys of Stockton,
president of. the organization.
In the afternoon the main event was
a talk by. H. C. Capwell, a business
man and banker of Oakland and presi
dent of its Board of Trade, the subject
being, "Wherein Have the Graduates
of Commercial Schools Failed to Meet
the Requirements of the Business
World?" James Bobbin's and James
Ferguson, members of San Francisco
typewriter firms, also discussed the
subject; Robert A. Gallagher spoke on
"Shorthand as an Entering Wedge"; R.
V. Dixon of Oakland spoke on "Meth
ods of Developing Speed Among Short
hand Students," and there were dis
cussions by Miss K. L. Miller of San
Francisco and Z. P. Smith of San
J.ose. In the evening J. S., Sweet of
Santa Rosa treated on the subject,
"What Should Constitute Business Col
lege Advertising,", and there were dis
cussions by E. P. Heald of San Fran
cisco, W. E. Gibson of Oakland, . J. R.*
Humphreys of Stockton and. A. S.
Weaver of San ' Francisco..
The convention will sit for, two more
days. The association was started last
year: arid to-morrow morning will be
given! to the perfecting of the organi
zation. ; "Commercial Arithmetic" will
be treated by R. H.^ Webster -of San
Francisco and there will, be discussions
by. H. L. Gunn of Napa, C. S. Springer
of Chestnutwood and P. O. Gardiner of
Stockton. In the afternoon Ira. N. Al
len of Oakland * will speak on,* "Book
keeping textbooks," this' being fol
lowed by discussions by, G. R.'Stouffen
J. N. Sprouseof Fresno 'and W.- Bouch
er of San Jose. In the ''evening '-'the
delegates -will sit at a banquet. The
last' day, Friday, will be given to pa
pers and discussions. '
Walter Arrested for Theft.
Ernest Snell. recently, a 'waiter on
the steamship "Ventura, -was turned
over to the" ; custody *of * United States
Marshal Shine- /yesterday. *He is
charged with having stolen : a ring
valued at $10 belonging, to T. ; E. Short
and three topazes belonging, to Oeorge
Rudd on the • voyage from Pago Pago
to thls.clty. . . '.'\u25a0\u25a0. '..-...-. ,;
; ' If you desire theappetlterand diges
tion of early years, take Lash's Kidney
and Liver Bitters. ,:.-„ ,»\u25a0\u25a0
MORMONS MAY
NOT BE LANDED
Four Children From New
I Zealand Are Ordered Back
Because of Their Faith
STRANGE OFFICIAL ACT
When Inspectors Learn That
Youths' Escort Believes in
Polygamy Bars Are Eaised
The Oceanic Steamship Company was
held to answer yesterday by United
States Commissioner HeacocK in the ac
tion brought against it by the United
States District Attorney to. recover a fine
of $1200 for the alleged unlawful landing
of fcur children who arrived from Auck
land, New Zealand, on May 8, 1905. The
children- were Emma A. Harding, aged
11 years; Robert G. Harding, seven; Wil
liam ,G. Harding, five, and Charles G.
Harding, nine. They were accompanied
by and in charge of Rev. J. H. W. Goff.
a Mormon missionary, returning from
New Zealand.
Mr. Gofl said that the mother of the
childern was dencl and that the father
had sent them witrr Mr. Goft to be placed
In charge of a relative named Charles
Stephens at Bennington, Idaho. Mr. Gofl
said that he had $50 to pay the expenses
of the children to that place, and that
their father would follow shortly. The
fact that Mr. Goff was a Mormon preju
diced the Immigration officers against the
new arrivals, and under the pretext that
the children were not accompanied by a
relative or a legal guardian, and might
become a charpre upon the State, ordered
them deported. An appeal was taken and
a rehearing granted, but the sentence
of deportation was affirmed.
In tr-e meantime friends put up bonds
with the steamship company to guarantee
that the immigrants would not become
public charges, and the children were al
lowed by the steamship officials to pro
ceed to Benninfton.
Nathan Frank and W. Ford Thomas
represented the steamship company before
the Commissioner. It developed that
United States Immigrant Inspectors D. J.
Griffiths and Antonio de la Torre did not
know whether the children were in the
United States or not. All that they could
say was that they were not deported on
the same steamer that brought them.
For a reason, probably intimately con
nected with the denial of a landing to
the children, the immigration officials
closely questioned Missionary Goff as to
his religious belief. He replied to one
question that he believed in the institu
tion of polygamy. It was shortly after
this declaration that the children were
ordered deported.
SUPPOSED DEAD .MAX MAKES
VISIT TO CORONER'S OFFICE
T. D. McGarvey, Mlnslng Carpenter,
Wants It Known That He Is Sot
Thomns A. Ilardlnc
T. D. McGarvey walked into the Cor
oner's office yesterday afternoon in an
inebriated condition and in a husky
voice demanded to know why it had
been reported that his body was at
the Morgue. - Deputy Coroner Meehan
took hftn to police headquarters and
he was sent to the City Prison by
Captain Burnett till he should be so
ber and his friends could take .care of
him -- \u25a0 "
McGarvey is a carpenter and had
been missing for about four weeks.
His friends had notified the police, but
no trace of him could be found. It
was .supposed that he was the man
who was brought from Santa Barbara
on December 19 and died at the City
and County Hospital on December 25.
That supposition, was published yes
terday and had the effect of bringing
McGarvey to the Coroner's office. He
had been on a steady "drunk" for four
weeks.
The dead man was identified as Thomas
A. Harding, as previously announced, who
waa sent by M. H. Cutting of 635 Wash
ington Btreet .on December 2 to Monterey
to work for the Monterey Lime Company.
He was a stowaway on the steamer New
ark and inhaled the fumes of gasoline,
which caused his death.
GIVES STRONG TESTIMONY
IN SUPPORT OF CODICIL
Hand writ Ins Expert Kinsley TelU of
Cbnracterintlcji ot Davis' Pen- y"
maushlp. i
Wljliam J. Kinsley, the expert who
has. been giving some strong testimony
In favor of. the proponents in the Sam
uel Davia codicil contest, took the
stand in Judge Kerrigan's branch of
the Superior Court yesterday and told
a. story of capital Ks. Kinsley said
that after a long and careful exam
ination of the known Davis handwrit
ing he had found that the dead capi
talist was In the habit of making four
distinct styles of capital Ks. He fur
ther testified that he had found all of
these Ks in the codicil. Basing his
statement and argument on this, the
expert said:
"We could not ask for a better proof
of tho genuineness of the disputed In
strument. I have had a great deal of
experience with forgers and their
methods. I have never found one who
will put himself to any more trouble
or to: any greater disadvantage than
can be helped. Here Is a case where,
if the instrument had been forged, the
writer would have selected one of the
K» used by. Davis and used it, con
tinually throughout the forgery. It Is
quite unreasonable to suppose that any
but Davis himself would have used all
four of the Ks which we find in his
admitted writings."
WONG FOOK TKOXG, ORDERED
DEPORTED, AGAIN APPEARS
Says That He Has Been Here for Fif
teen Years *>Jnce He Waa De
nied a Landing.
Wong Fook Teongr, who was ordered
deported on April '2s; 1891, walked into
the office ' of the United States District
Court ; yesterday and asked -Deputy
Clerk Fouga for the papers In the
case. He said that he was Wongr
Fook Teongr and . Identified - the photo
graph in the. papers as being of him
self. Mr. Fouga ' turned 'him over to
United States Marshal Shine.
When Wong arrived on the . Sierra
in April,. lB9l, he claimed to be a na
tive born American, .but, being unable
to .; prove | his "statement, was ordered
deported to China. The court papers
cayi.fhat the .sentence was carried out.
Wo«E said yesterday that he .. was
never deported and that he had been
here ever since. Whether a substitute
was sent : back to China in his stead,
or whether ; Wong, ;really went back
and returned, by way of the Canadian
or the Mexican;, border. Js something
which , the. Federal 'officials will try to
learn. '._\u25a0\u25a0. . ", /:;,' :
IN THE DIVORCE COURT.— A decree of
divorce ' waa granted yesterday 1. to \u25a0 Mary from
Howard J. .Van - Kirk . for ; cruelty. Suit for
divorce was filed -by Mary tJ. against Al
bert ; C. Porter- for - failure to? provide
Merle Adelaide has sued John I*. Grandis to
annul their marriage. ' She - asserts that wheu
she i married Qrandls , she , was . under IS year*
of age and did not \u25a0 secure the consent iof - he
legal iruardlans. '\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0 - ;
Try; the United States Laundry. ! iobY
Market street. ' Telephone Soutb. 42 0. • .
TWO LODIERS
TAKE POISON
Privates in the 9 Seventieth
Company of Coast Artil
'levy'Take Dose of Opium
SUICIDES AEE FEEQUENT
Five ITen of the Same Corps
Make Attempt at Self-
Destruction Within a Year
Two more attempts at suicide were ac
credited to the Seventieth Company of
Coast Artillery Tuesday evening, when
Privates Vern Nelson and Harry Staley
tried to end their lives in the attic of the
company's barracks at the Presidio by
taking opium. These two men bring the
list of suicides for this company up to
five within less than a year, the last one
being Private John Mitchell, who swal
lowed carbolic acid on a Union street car
on December* 13.
Nelson and Staley have always been
close friends. They returned from the
city after a prolonged Christmas spree.
They climbed into the attic of the bar
racks and there it is supposed agreed to
die together. Several privates about the
building saw them going into the attic,
and when they did not come down an in
vestigation was made and both men were
found unconscious. They were taken to
the general hospital, where they will
probably recover.
Lieutenant William B. Renzlehausen of
the Fourth Cavalry, stationed in the Yo
semite Valley, Is being tried by a general
court-martial at the Presidio on a charge
of absence without leave. It is stated
that the lieutenant was absent from his
post at "Wawona for several days, and
upon his return a worded combat took
place between himself and his command
ing officer, with the result that charges
were preferred against him- Should he be
convicted he will probably be sentenced
to a public reprimand. . v\
The Twenty-fourth Infantry (colored)
arrived at the Presfdlo yesterday and
took up quarters in the Tennessee camp.
The regiment will sail for the Philippines
on January 25, and is the first colored
regiment which has been detailed for for
eign service for nearly five years.
Brigadier General D. Stuart Gordon, re
tired, is in the city from Washington. D.
C, and will spend the winter here. Gen
eral Gordon was stationed at the Presidio
over thirty-five years ago and planned
many improvements for the post at that
time.
Captain P. H. Mullery, Fourteenth In
fantry, stationed at the Presidio of Mon
terey, is at the Occidental Hotel while in
the city as,. a witness before the general
court-martial.
Lieutenant Robert J. Bulford of the
Twentieth Infantry is in the city as a wit
ness before the general court-martiaL He
is' stopping at the Occidental Hotel.
Irlah Volunteer* Will Give Ball.
Company A of the Irish Volunteers
will give its fourteenth annual mili
tary ball In Native Sons' Hall. 414
Mason street. Saturday evening, De
cember 30. The main feature of the
evening will be an exhibition of com
pany inspection. The committees
which have charge of the evening are:
Floor director. Sergeant T. L. Ma
honey; assistants. C. J. Collins, Joseph
P. Kelleher, P. J. Crowe and Patrick
Reilly; committee of arrangements,
Thomas McNaboe, Don Harnedy. Tim
Shea, Garrett Sears, Patrick Herllhy
and Joseph Doley; reception committee.
Lieutenant J. J. Sullivan (chairman).
Sergeants P. J. Kenny and Joseph
Gaughran, Corporals M. O'Neill ana
Con O'Leary. Privates J. J. Calden,
James Feeney, Humphrey Moynlhan*
Maurice Murphy, P. Diggins and Jerry
McCarthy.
Pears' Soap is the
great alchemist. Women
are made fair by its use. r
Sold continuously since 1789.
A Fine ®ft/§\i
- $m Mi
Her© is a . new-style, * [ t \l
high-grade Knife that 10/ I
is made to sell fory. Jty, H
to sell t *~ 1 |1[ ' \^^M
one
i to every man in San Hill
'5 Francisco or on the pal
Coast who wants a really §£« II
good, reliable and dura iSI
ble Knife.' It's a ple^s- Sjl
ure to own such a Knife iUff
as this and a greater 5g 1
pleasure to use it. My
special price i3...51.ri0 jjl
Razors honed and \S j
ground. » V
Honing, 25c - . J
Mail orders promptly filled. I
THAT MAIM PITTS
1008 Market St.. San Francisco II
A visiT DR. JORDAN'S c«cat i
2MUSEUH.OF ANATOMY^
\ Qr ThiUr»««'. >a«;oo!c«J Uuettalatht '
A - _fr W«flJ. Wmlikni at ••» MiituiM
» |sH| Bp»d»'iit eath»Co»n. if-Ujun. q
1 fJ^Pi OS. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MENi
O J jD'nS&l' Tr«*t»«»t p«i»»n»:!.t «r kt l«tt«r. X a
Sell l\w - w Ttt*ftrßMk,rsiTt.«kft«rsrv*eA
\ t I --||~ MAsnusK. uiuao raxs. uf
y^B^oKDAJiNß^co^iosi siift't st.. a r. f
j^BF^&4 MEMAHDWOMEII.
Cm BLj • for nnastnrsi
• JSv ul»\u25a0 • *»tiA23 dl»«h»rt«».Jaasruta*»loa*,
BSSU O%»r»a«t«d w Intuttect or alc«rati«M
H*| »•• «• »trimr«. "" of muoooj mtmbrka**.
H»?3 r7r 7T B V"*'^^. falalesa. aa4 not Mtrlv
\Gtk. <aaO«aATl.lBHa *H< %y Dmcsasl^
Tilriff>rrNiiM i if M *"' «x>r*ar trepklJ. ton
Are You a Suffering
WOMAN?
Are you looking forward with dread t» a sur-
gical operation? If you are you o"*^** ££Z
that the Electro-Chemic treatment cures many
of the most desperate diseases "of ™™? taat .
ara usually turned over to ""^^tro-
•> —^*^-*^~~~^2~^-^' Chemic examlna-
( ijj[fipra*T>fi*»e^*— a^J you r ; o n nt ne'-l
V sb of a Tumor— J{ you llve out
come In for the
examination. If you cannot come "rite » de-
scription of your symptoms. We probably can
cure rou at home by loanlr.K you free of
charge, our Electro-Chemic apparatus ror Rome
treatment.
ELECTBO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE
3d Floor. Emma Spreckel* Bulldlns.
02T Market Street. S. F.
Office hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 1 to 5
p m dally. Sundays. » a. m. to 12 m. Separate
and prlrate apartments for men and women.
CashorCun?
If Shiloh's Consumption Cure tails to core
your Cold or Cough, you gst back all you
pud for it You are sure of a Cure ot
the Cash.
If it wasn't a tore core, this offez would
sot be dace.
Can anything be fairer ?
If you nare a Cole!. Cough, or any coseass
cf the Throat, Lungs or Air Passages, try
25c per bottle. AD dealers guarantee it.
Sold by THE OTl'l* DRUG CO.. 1123
Market at. and 80 Geary at.
A Modern Remedy for itheumatUn
and all Uric Acid Trouble*. Contains
no Alcohol — Opiates — or other Seda-
Curen by removing Crta Add from
the Syatent.
Six bottles for $3.00 are guaranteed
to cure or money refunded. Get Free
Booklet, at
NO PERCENTAGE DRUG CO.,
849 Market St.. S. F-
or write to
URICSOI* CHEMICAL CO-
Los Angeles. Calif.
PILES! PILES!
MACS IXPALLJBLE PILE CURE
CURES ALL CASES OF BLIND.
BLEEDIXG. ITCHING ANI> PROTRUD-
ING PILES: cases of many years' stand-
ins cured by a single box; price. Z >
cents. A. McBOYLE & CO.. DRUGGISTS.
604 Washington St.. San Francisco.
J
Steamers leavt Piers 9
/^vp^^yJS. * Bd v - Saa Francisco.
/*l7_~_ F° r Ketchikan. Wranr»l«
&dP£*^ \"*\ Juneau. Treaclwel!. Haines.
1 77 \ I Skarway. etc. Alaska— ll a.
l \ \*V^f\l I m.. EHc. 21. 23. 31. Jan 3
\<\. \S .Chicle to this company's
Vys^ steamers at Seattle.
vs*fSt*s^ rr ° r VlctcrU, Vanccnver.
• *^ Pert Townsend. Seattle. T»-
coir.a, Everett, Anacortes. South BpUinghain.
Bellingham — 11 a. m.. Dec. 21. 28. 31. Jan. X
Change at Seattle to this company* it»ame:»
for Alaska and G. >*. Ry.. at Seattle or Ta-
coica toN. P. Ry.: M Vancotnrer to C. P. Ry-
For Eureka (Humboldt Ba.y)^Pomona. 1.3 >
p. m.. Dec. CtK 31. Jan. 6; Coror.i I:3>
p. m., Dec. 22. 23. Jan. 3.
For Los Anjeles (via Port Lor Angsles aa I
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Roaa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. ex.
For Los Angeles (via Pan Pedro and Eait
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crua. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obl^po), Ventura and Hueneme—
Coos Bay. 9 a. el. Dec. 24. Jan. ft.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Dec. 20. 23. Jan. 3l
For Enserada. Uagdalena Bay, San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Max.). 10 a. m., 7th each month.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1906— Th-»
palatial Alaska excursion steamship SPOKAN3
will leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria Jun»
T, 21. July 5. 20. August 2.
For further Information obtain fo!der. RlgJit
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — I New Montgomery r!.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broadway
wharves. FretsM Office — 10 Market st.
Oakland — 052 Broadway.
C. D. DCNAN'M, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Fraaclsco.
A3IERICAN LIVE.
Plymonth — Cherbours:— Southampton.
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LI.YE.
>'ctt York — London Direct.
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
NEW YORK— ROTTERDAM, via BOULOGN3
RED STAR LIKE,
An t rr e rp— D o v c r — 1.0 ndo n— Paris.
WHITE STAR LINE.
Xevr York— Qneenatoim— Liverpool.
Boston Qur ?n* town — Liverpool.
To the Mediterranean.
FROM NEW TORK.
CELTIC <20.»<H tons). Jan. «, 2:30 p. m.. Teb.lT
REPTJBLJC Jan. 26. 3 p. m.. Mar. a
CRETIC AprU 8. 10 a. m.; May 19
U FROM BOSTON.
CANOPIC Jan. 13. noon: F»b. 2*
ROMANIC Feb. 3. S:3O a. m.: Mar. 17
C D. TAYLOR. Passenger Ag«nt Paclnc Coast.
21 Pest St.. San Franctsco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL S. S. CO.)
Steamers -will leave -wharf, comer Ftr* and
Brann&n streets. V pt. m.. for Yokohama and
Hongkong, calling at Honolulu. Kob« (HiaroV
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India. «tc Ni
cargo received on beard on day of sailing.
E. 8. "America Maru.V Monday, Jan, 29, 180*
B. S. "Nippon Maru." Tuesday. Ftb. 2fc Wtf
S.S. "Hongkong Maru."Thursday. Mar. 15. VWQ
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates.
For freight and pxsaage apply at ccinpasr*
office, seventh floor. Merchants' Exchange.
W. H. AVERT. Aast. General Manager.
8. S. MARIPO3A. tor Tahiti. Dec. S3. 11 a. nu
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Jan. 4, - p. a.
S. S. AL.VMEDA, for Honolulu. Saturday.
January 13. 11 a. n.
L&SPHimLSfc'£KO&Ca.IZ3L TicX2tCS!3543
Vstii Preign C2cs 327 lulu St., Pier 7 paciSe si
Compajrnle Generate Tranaatlanthme.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -*«»*.
SallJag every Thursday Instead of fSX^
Saturday. 10 a. m.. from Pier -ii
North Klver. foot ot Morton et.
Flnt-clasa to Havre. $70 and upward. Seo*
ond class to Havr*. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANAD,\. » Broadway (Hudson buUdlns).
New York. J. F. FVGAZI A CO.. Paetnc Coast
Agents. 3 Montgomery av«nu«. San Francisco.
Tickets sold br all Railroad Tlck«t Agaatsk.
BAY AXP IXTERURDAX ROUTES.
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD,
VALLHJO and NAPA
Napa \/£&lle>y Route A
Montlcsllo a. S. Co. aad Napa Valley Eleo-***
trie R. R. Co. Close connactlooa.
U-KOIWD TRIPS DAILT — 9
Boats leave San FrancJsco 7:00 *9:ia a. bl.
12:30 noon. 3:13. 3:CO. »S:3O p. m.
San Francisco landing and otac* Pl«r 2.
toot of Mission St.. one block south Market-st.
Ferry. Meals a la carta. Phone iliia IX4,
•Laoda Nary Tard dir# T ~T* _,iSPORTS
PAGE
NO OPPONENT
FOR KAUFMANN
Manager Jim Coffrotli Fails
to Get Delaney's Consent
to Match With Schreck
TRAINER IS CAUTIOUS
Does Not AVant His Protege
to Hook Up With the
Seasoned Campaigners
JkLaaager Jim Coffroth of the Colma
Club used all his persuasive powers on
Billy Delaney yesterday and last night in
an effort to induce him to agree to a
match between his protege. Al Kauf
xn&v.n, tnd M:ke Schreck, the Chicago
heavy-weight.
L>eianey :s cautious 6inco Kaufmann's
defeat by Jack O'Brien, and does not want
to eend him against the seasoned cam
paigners of the ring. Coffroth wants to
secure some opponent for Kaufmann, but
the hunt «ems a difficult one.
ACTOS TO RACE AT SAX JOSE
OX THE FAST MILE TRACK
An Interesting Programme of Events
Is Arrauced, Including a Trial
Against Time.
An automobile race meet will be held at
Agricultural Park track, San Jose, on
New Year's day. The cars ex
pected to compete will be the White
steam car, which holds the world's track
record of 4S 3-6 seconds and which will be
driven by A. H. Piptnberg; *. 1906 White
runabout, which will be driven by the
coast champion, H. D. Ryus of Los An
geles, and the fast San Francisco car built
by G. O. Heine and A. J. HalL F. A.
Garbutt of Los Angeles is al6O expected
to arrive with his famous Garbutt Stewart
racer to compete in the open races.
There will be races for touring cars, in
which the special racing machines will
be barred. There will also be races for
runabouts and cars costing less than a
thousand dollars, in which C. H. Letcner
of San Jose, who won the races in his
class at Del Monte last year, will com
pete with his Cadillac and Maxwell cars.
The list of races:
Gasoline runabouts and light touring cars,
eingie cylinder road cars, no restrictions as to
g»arSEK or t :-.;i ::.£. three miles.
Ciasoline cars, two cylinder road cars, no re
sirictluas as to erearing or stripping, rive miles.
' Open event for road cars costing less than
JSowo. five miles. No restrictions as to gearing
cr Eiripping.
o^tn event Tor road cars, any price cr power.
ti\e miles. No restrictions as to cars, gearing
cr t-trtpi-inr.
Free 101- all. no restrictions as to cars, gear
ing or stripping, five n:llee.
Trial against lime by the White flier.
tAU IS OX CHICAGO UO.VI.VG.
Cbicasw Official*, Like Others, Prove
(.cable to Cope With Amateur
Question.
CHICAGO. Dec. 27. — All amateur
boxing matches, sparring contests,
put?ilis*ic tournaments and every va
riety of thenetic art is to be prohib
ited* in Chicago after to-night. This
will apply to the Chicago Athletic As
sociation, where weekly boxing enter
tainments have been given; the Illi
nois Athletic Club, where monthly
iimateur tournaments have been held,
and all other organizations in the city,
whether large or small.
The conditions surrounding the ama
teur tournaments oi the Illinois Club
for the past two nights have caused
the new order, which Chief of Police
Collins declared to-night was final and
meant the end of all boxing exhibi
tions in Chicago. The final contests
in the present tournament of the Il
linois Club, scheduled to be decided
to-morrow night, cannot take place.
Inability to regulate the contests
•without discrimination and partiality,
and the fact that various organiza
tions attempted to take undue advan
tage of the privilege given them, is re
sponsible for the ban being placed on
the pugilists. Professional pugilists
have been called "amateur boxing ar
tists" to evade interference and "ward
robe charges" and a dozen other sub
terfuges have been used by many of
the athletic clubs to get around the
order prohibiting an admission fee.
SJISSES MEARXS AHfD VODDE.V
SUCCESSFUL AT TEX?TIS
Win the Draw Doubles Tournament on
the Public Court* in Golden Gate
Park.
The members of the Ladies' Annex
to the Golden Gate Tennis Club played
a draw doubles tournament yesterday
on the park courts. Miss Ida Mearns
end Miss Annabel Vodden carried off
the honors, beating Miss Golda Myer
and Miss Dorothy Weed in the finals.
The final match was close and interest-
Ing-. Mis« Mver played brilliantly, her
back court strokes being; the feature.
Miss Meaxns and Miss Vodden were
steadier than their opponents, and to
this they owe their victory. The score
•was 6—2,6 — 2, S — 6, 7—6.7 — 6.
In the first round Miss Mearns and
Miss Vodden beat Miss M. Crystal and
MIM A. Qreenberg, 6—o,6 — 0, 6—3,6 — 3, and Miss
Weed and Miss Myer beat Miss E. Crys
tal and Miss Greenburg, 6—o,6 — 0, 6—o.6 — 0.
Miss Vodden scored her third win
yesterday, and one of the two rackets
that have been competed for for some
time becomes her property. Miss
Mearns has won two tournaments and
Miss Wegener, Miss M~«r and Miss
Weed each have one vK-tory to their
credit.
FAVORS CLEAN FOOTBALL.
YVcst Po'nt Official Gees on Record
Reff&rdlng; the Game.
WEST POINT, N. V., Dec. 27.— General
Albert I* Mills, superintendent of the
1 military academy, to-day sent a letter
.to H. M. McCracken, chancellor of the
New York University, in which he names
Captain Delmer M. Pierce as the delegate
of the military academy, to the national
conference of universities and colleges, to
be held in New York City to-morrow, and
incloses a copy of the instructions for the
guidance of the West Point delegate.
The Instructions, General , Mills says,
were adopted by the council of the Army
Athletic AEsoclatlon at a recent meeting.
The conditions they seek are: "An open
game; the elimination of rough and bru
tal playing; efficient enforcement of the
rules; making the rules definite and pre
cise in all respects, such as the definition
of brutal playing, holding, tripping and,;
in general, all infringement of the rules
for which penalties are given; organiza
tion of a permanent body of officials."
Handball at Olympic Club.
W in the second class handball games
ai the Olympic Club last night Leder
man beat McMann, 21 — £ and 21 — 8;
Cnptain Max Rosenfeld beat Mitchell,
21 — 10 and 21 — 14; Moulder beat
Goodrich, 21—14 and 21—9. Louis
,Xevy acted as referee.
SPECIAL RACE IS PROPOSED
THREE STAKES
FOR COURSERS
Running at Ingleside Park
Will Be on Sunday and
Also on New Year's Bay
MANY DOGS WILL START
One Hundred and Twenty
Greyhounds in All Are
Entered in Three Events
There will be no coursing at Ingle
side Park on Saturday of this week, the
three stakes drawn last night being
run on Sunday and Monday, the latter
being a holiday. A class stake and a
champion e\ent, with a total of fifty
six entries, will be decided Sunday,
leaving a slxty-four-dog , stake for
Monday. The draw resulted as- fol
lows:
Champion ?take — Panoche vb. Rocked A«le*p;
Qulta vs. Tralee's Best; Hudson vs. Frank C;
Fetterless vs. Renegade Apache; Carlow Boy
vs. Jim Lamb; Foxhunter vs. Presto: Beimont
ye. Fiery Baden; Friendless Boy vs. Mr.
Lonjers; Agile Spurt vs. La Rosa; lodine va.
Cranberry Sauce; Richard Anton vs. Wild
Turkey; Lady Leeds vs. Fair Flylnc
Class stake— Edenvale vs. Black Coon: The
R!vrl vs. Sangerman; Queen's Mott» vs. Happy
lAd; Eleanor B va. Little Plunger; Medea
vs. Fourpaw; Ruby Athlete vs. Amandan;
Valley Pride vs. Shotgun; Mia? Gambit vb.
Fiery Rock; Bartagus ye. Ragle Bird; Jim
Ryan vs Full Moon; Real Pasha vs. Patched
Up; Pony Capital vs. Koko Kica; Paul Dun
bar vg Prertdlo Boy; Mount Eagle vs. Mabel
S; Lancashire Lad vs. Ml Amlgo; Wild Gus
vs. Bon Ami.
Open stake— lna Cissus vs. Queen's Beauty;
Coboconk vs. Mickey Free; Glaucug vs. John
Hooker; Mary Patton ye. John L. Sullivan;
Russel J vs. Fast Mail's Brother; Nellie M
v«. Gambit: Camber vs. Sea Lion; Blanche
Jewett vs. J R; Hidden Hatred vs. Busy Boy;
Fiddler vb Fairmount Lass; Moonbeam vs.
Lulu Girl; Whisky Dick vs. Gloomy Gus; Ter
rah vs. PrJmrcst ; Clydette vs. Irvlngrton Boy;
Loose Character vs. Vina; Sweetness vs. Sunny
Ehore; Free Rock vs. Cuban Btar; Secretive vs.
W D: Domestic Lad vs. General Fremont;
Ecutonnlere ye. Frank Dunn; Prometheus vs.
Young Kerry Pippin: Dolly Bishop vs. Butt
In; Idleness vs. Honest Girl; Gallant Friend
vs. Rose of Gold; Lady Honesty vs. Rock
Koller; Doretta vs. Gallant Tlpperary; Peddler
B&un vs. D R: Eir Thomas vs. Cry Baby;
Golden Feather vs. Milk Maid ; Rose Clark vs.
Miss Viking; May Tunlson vs. Arthur S;
Btlngaree- vs. Rock Ida..
THREE MEMPHIS
BANKS COLLAPSE
Merchants' Trust Company
and Two Allied Concerns
in the Hands of Receiver
MEMPHIS. Term.. Dec .27. — Three
banking Institutions failed to open
their doors for business to-day. The
Merchants' Trust Company, with a
capital stock of $200,000: the Ameri
can Savings Bank and Trust Company,
and the Mechanics' Savings Bank,
smaller institutions, allied with the
first named concern, have gone into
liquidation. A receiver has taken
charge.
The cause of the suspension of the
Merchants' Trust Company is said to
have been over-loans on discounts.
One of the directors said to a repre
sentative of the press that the three
institutions had ample assets and
would pay dollar for dollar.
The Merchants' Trust Company re
cently absorbed the Memphis National
Bank, and, It is stated, owns the con
trolling stock of the American Sav
ings Bank and Trust Company. This
institution recently absorbed the Me
chanics' Savings Bank. The suspen
sion of the three institutions caused
little excitement in financial circles.
It was stated to-day that the suspen
sion of the Mechanics' Savings Bank is
only temporary, and that its affairs are in
good shape. Officers say that the suspen
sion was decided upon because they
feared a run when the doors were opened
this morning, the public generally being
aware of the bank's relation to the Mer
chants* Trust Company.
A condensed statement of the condition
of the Merchants' Trust Company at the
close of business December 26 was given
out as follows:
"Total assets, $3,665,055; indebtedness of
every character to depositors, $2,132,319;
all other obligations, exclusive of capital
stock, $589,058: cash actually on band,
$30,000."
C. W. Schulte, president of the Mem
phis Clearing-house Association, made
the following statement in behalf of the
association:
"Fifteen dayß ago the Merchants' Trust
Company applied for help to the Memphis
Clearing-house Association. The Clearing
house Association appointed a committee
to investigate the matter. The commit
tee went over the assets of the Mer
chants' Trust Company as carefully as
the limited time allowed, and the associa
tion advanced the sum of $160,000.
"Subsequent investigation revealed the
fact that while it was the opinion of the
Memphis Clearing-house Association that
the depositors of the concern are safe, yet
it would take an extraordinarily large
sum to pay all the demands. In the
interests of the city and the depositors
and of the various institutions of the city
which for the last month have anticipated
some such . movement, it was deemed
wisest to allow the concern to close its
doora."
Major G. M. Mcßae, president of the
Memphis Savings Bank, said:
"I believe the liquidation to be the re
eult of taking on too much business by
the Merchants' Trust Company, too much
spreading out and too large advances in
purchasing other propertiea." •.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— According to a
recent statement, the Merchants' Trust
Company of Memphis, Term., owed de
positors $605,000. The American Savings
Bank and Trust Company of Memphis,
Term., according to a" recent statement,
owed depositors $625,000.
Mate Wanted for Battery.
j. h. Rex, watchman ! at the Simp
son* lumber yard, obtalried a warrant
from Police Judge Mogan yesterday
for the arrest of Charles Bloom.- mate
of the schooner Churchill, on a charge
of battery. Rex said he had a quar
rel with Bloom for transgressing the
rules of the lumber yard and on
Christmas morning Bloom lay In wait
for him and struck him several times.
CITY HAS NO TITLE.— City Attorney Long
yesterday advised the Board of Supervisors
that the city ha» no. Interest or title in any
street cr highway within the lines of the block
bounded W Tenth, Eleventh, Mission and Mar
ket streets. Long says the complaint to quiet
title to a strlD of land 35x205 feet, , known «s
Jessie street, in the block described should te
dismissed In accordance with' the petition if
th« attorneys oCMre. Virginia Vao4erbilt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL', THURSDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1905.
HARBOR STEPS
ON RIDER KENT
Jockey Is Thrown Heavily
by Luckett* in a Eace
at Ascot Park - Track
FOUR FAVORITES SCORE
Loyal Front, the Longest
Priced Horse in the
Free Handicap, Is First
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 27.— Favorites had
their innings In four of the six races at
Ascot to-day, the other two events going
to outsiders, both as good as 10 to L The
free handicap at six furlongs, for which
Masterson was heavily played at a Bhort
price, was won by Loyal Front, the long
est-priced horse in the race. Loyal Front
came from the rear In the stretch and in
a hot contest outgamed the favorite, win
ning by a neck.
The fourth 1 race resulted in a serious
looking accident. As the horses were
coming down the stretch opposite the
paddock Jockey Kent, on Luckett, made
an attempt to get through and was badly
Jammed. Kent was thrown violently to
the ground, and was stepped on by Har
bor. He was picked up and carried into
th 6 paddock, where it was discovered tnat
no bones were broken, and that he was
uninjured, except for a bad shaking-up.
Weather clear; track fast. Results:
First race, one mile and a sixteenth — Gilpin
106 (Notter), i) to 5, won; Needful, 111 (Wiley),
9 to 2, second; Kingstelle, 101 (Rosa), 25 to 1,
third. Time. l:4S»i. Yellow Kid, • Chickadee,
Pettljohn, Orator, Swedish Lady, Preservator,
Pearl Waters and Podesla also ran.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — La
cene. 110 (Walsh), even, . won; Harpessa, 100
(Hudlin), 10 to 1, second; Betsy, 110 (Donvitz),
9 to 2. third. Time. l:0S?i. Josie'a Jewell.
Lady Trovers, Astraea. April's Pride, Minna
Baker, Aonls. Daisy Brouck and Belaaco also
ran.
Third race, futurity course — Don Domo, 110
(Preston), even, won; Incantation, 100 (Wiley),
6 to 2. second; Hermitage, 88 (Notter). 8 to 1.
third. Time. 1:10%. Councilman, Corder and
Brother Frank also ran.
Fourth race, one mll« — Michael Byrnes. 100
(Booker), 8 to 1. won; Firm Foot, 110 (Mur
phy), 6 to 1, second; Workman, 00 (Miller),
11 to 20. third. Time, 1:42. BUI Curtis, Har
bor, Protw and Luckett also ran.
Fifth race, six furlongs, nandicap — Loyal
Front, 100 (Walsh), 10 to 1, won; Masterson,
110 (Bullman), 13 to 20, second; W. H. Carey,
IOQ (Doyle). 9to 2, third. Time, 1:13%. Cello
also ran.
Sixth race, Brooks course — Del Coronado, 94
(Moore). 11 to 10. won; Hoodwink. 100
(Powell). 3 to 1. second; Fllle d'Or. W (Harris),
12 to 1, third. Time, 2:<H%. Ml Reina, Lan
ark and Old Mike also ran.
OAKLAND HORXETS RECEIVE
A SET OF SILVER MEDALS
Runners-Up for California Association
Football Union Cup Hold a .
Reunion anil "Smoker." ,
The Oakland Hornet Association
Football Club held a reunion and
"smoker" at a downtown restaurant
last night. President R. H. Grey being
in the chair. The invited guests were
Taliesen Evans, president of the Cali
fornia Association Football League and
also of the California Association Foot
ball Union: the secretaries and treas
urers of the league, .the union and the
Referees* Union and the chairmen of
the executive committees of those
bodies. During the .evening Taliesen
Evans presented the members of the
Oakland Hornets' team the silver
medals won by them as runners-up for
the Union Cup last season.
The recipients of the medals were:
Patrick Burnett, goalkeeper; L. R.
Glllchrest, right back; H. R. Elliot, left
back; H. Bird and J. McGregor, right
halfbacks; James Duncan I, center
halfback; R. Taylor and James Duncan
11, left halfbacks; R. Dlsher and
Percy Chambers, outside rights; T.
Disher, inside right; J. C. B. McKenzie,
center forward and i captain; James
Smith, inside left, and H. G. Macartney,
outside left. r
It was intended to present the gold
medals won by the Independent eleven
as winners of the Union Cup last sea
son to the members of that team last
night, but, through some misunder
standing, the Independents held a
"smoker" on Saturday, the 16th lnst.,
at which the medals were presented.
After the presentation there were
speeches from J. D. Robertson, Archie
Rice and others. . •".- '
Fear Not AVlns In Straight Heats.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Dec. 27.— There is
continued interest in the Territorial
Fair. To-day was Indian day, with
many novel features. The principal
race of the day was a special for a
purse of $40. Fear Not, driven by
Stuart, won all three heats. Summary:
Fear Not 11.1
Surprise 4 4 4
Monkey Mack .3 8 3
Colonel Green .* 0 6 6
Billy A 6 2 2
Time— 2:l4%, 2:14 U. 2:l3i*i.
The 2:24 trotting race was won by
Boralma's Brother in three straight
heats. Time— 2:20%, 2:16%, ,'2:16%.
Helen Dare was second, Leunmetta
third and Billy A fourth. There was
also a- yearling trot, two running
dashes and a number of Indian races.
AWARDS CONTRACT FOB.
PAVING MISSION STREET
Board of Works Also Authorises' the
Construction of New Elevator
In City Hall.
The Board of Works yesterday
awarded the contract for paving
with asphalt Mission street, from Por
ter avenue southerly, to the Barber
Asphalt Company, the lowest bidder.
The, Board of Supervisors was
quested for authority to construct
sewers in San Jose, Onondaga and
Ocean avenues at a cost of $20,000.
The board denied the. petition. of -the
executors of the Sutro estate that a
resolution be passed reciting "that- the
west line of Cliff avenue, between the
Cliff House and the Great Highway,
has never been legally "r" r fixed and
agrees that it" Is not intended to be
fixed by the stone wall which is now,
being erected along the western line
of the roadway.
The board opened; a number, of bids
for street and . sewer , work," for which
contracts will be ? awarded to the low
est bidders next T Wednesday.
The board awarded- the contract for
building:, a second elevator in the CHy
Hall to the Otis Elevator Company for
$(.400.
The board will Inspect various Im
j»rovemr);ts that'are. under .> way Jn ac
cordance vrJth i Its ;; decision; to ! devote
every Thursday to that' purpose. \u25a0
PyTosrrapny.. Outfit*
and all manner of wooden things to' burn. Hun
dreds of designs not shown elsewhere. Artist
material department, : Sanboro, : Vall : & Co.. 741
Market street.'9£SSo|JMMHiMMßß *
CHINAMAN. HANGS HIMSELF.— After go
ing broke ; on . a • "pie gow"; gambling ! game •in
Chinatown, Sing Hong committed suicide >by
hanging himself at 1 ICO Stockton street. . His
body was found , and .' cut • down , by Special Of
ficer Fred: Hoops, » but life was extinct. v*', <
ALBERT FIR A 30 TO 1 OUTSIDER
DEFEATS SOME FAST MUDLARKS
Adams Lands Yo San Winner of the Opening
Event, Quoted at Odds of 12 to 1. .
Barney Schreiber'sTvyo- Year-Old Dr. Gardner
Given a Strong Argument by Ramus. :
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
There was a great deal of discussion as
to the relative merits of Pinkerton and
Princess Titanla, two starters In 1 the con-:
eluding: race on the menu yesterday at :
Ingleside. Plnkerton* 1 ruled favorite when
the event rolled along, and' the mare" on- j
joyed second call. Hot air was passed out
down the line, and even the dockers com
manded respectful attention when con
; suited.
i For a time It looked as ; If there might
be a genuine old-fashioned horse race,
for some sectional I feeling : cropped to \u25a0 the
surface. Neither one finished among the
first three.
Albert Fir, a 30 to 1 shot, piloted by Le
roy Williams, nosed out St. George Jr.,
with Magrane, another outsider, a bang
up third. Plnkerton led to the stretch be
fore resigning, while Princess Titanla met
with the poorest sort of racing luck.
ADAMS LAXDSYO SAJT.
Form was well maintained in the mud-,
dy going, three favorites earning brack
ets. A large crowd viewed the racing.
Yo San, a 12 to 1 shot, ridden by Ad
ams, captured the opening sprint. The
mare- was tiring perceptibly at the finish,
but lasted long enough to beat Barney
Schreiber's Angleta, the second choice, a
length. Sad Sam, backed down to 6 to 5
favoritism, displayed none of his speed of
bygone days, losing the show to Blumen
thal. Masedo made-no showing at all in
the sloppy going.
Just like stealing, it, the smart set said,
when S to 5 was chalked against Dr.
Gardner in the betting on the seven-fur
long two-year-old number. Radtke lifted
the Doctor across the line first, but .the
finish was so close that many thought
Ramus might be awarded the verdict. The
books laid 10 to 1 about • the latter, and
Treubel made the youngster run the race
of his career. Tenordale once again ran
third. ;\u25a0 J
PROCRASTINATE A WINNER.
Radtke followed this up by winning the
six-furlong selling affair with Procrasti
nate, the 11 to 5 favorite. The gelding
easily outf ooted Mrs. Bob, defeating the
filly in a gallop at the wire. Old Jerry
Hunt took the show.
Looking to outclass his field shoes to
plates, Gateway annexed the mile and a
sixteenth selling fixture without an effort.
A heavy play forced the price of the
brown gelding from twos to 3 to 2, and he
was breezing In front of Bannock Belle
and Christine A passing the wire. Gloomy
Gus, a highly touted one, receded half a
point in the betting and made a ragged
showing. ; . vI ;V >"•
Buchanan, an' 11 to 20 chance, ran third
in the mile-and-twenty-yard run, and
Cloche dOr, a 12 to 1 shot, winning, gave
the books a new lease of life. The favor
ite made' all the running and then, fading
away to a whisper, was beaten a neck
and a noee. There developed a terrific
play on Warte Nicht. which finished sec
ond, and while Bock did the best he could
an older hand might have done better.
NOTES OP THE TRACK.
Radtke piloted two winners, was
; twice second and once third.
• T. A. Davies was so impressed with
Ed Sheridan when he beat Possart on
Tuesday that he bought the brown
gelding from Barney Schrelber yester
day.
Starter Holtman's assistants will be
at the Oakland track Monday. Wednes
day and Friday mornings, between 5
and 10 to school yearlings, and dally
at Ingleside from 12 to 1 p. m.
Half a dozen of the Christmas book
makers failed to toe the mark yester
day, leaving twenty-five firms to cut
In. Some of the feather-welght3 will
no doubt be on hand again next Sat
urday.
Bookmaker Joe Blume. his brother
Sam, Thomas Harmon and Frank Moo
ney, all \u25a0 well-known New j Yorkers,
were visitors at Ingleside yesterday.
The association) has offered a purse
of $3500 for a special" at one and a
(sixteenth miles, to be run on Wednes
day, January 10, 1906. It is designed
to bring 1 together Bearcatcher, Proper,
Callaghan, Dr. Leggo, Neva Lee, San
Nicolas, Lubln and Eugenia Burch.
The latter mare is in training at Ascot
Park, Los Angeles, and stands out as
the best piece of racing hardware
cfown there. Handicapper Horace Eg
bert alloted the following weights
yesterday, which are Subject to change
after the handicap to be decided on
New Year's day:
Bearcatcher . .124
L-übin .121
Proper \u25a0. 119
Ban . Nicholas 110
Eugenia Burch \u0084 no
Callaghan ;......:.. 114
Dr. tuggo 114
Neva Lee .109
Presiding Judge- Hamilton of Ascot
Park wired the New California Jockey
Club yesterday that, the horses owned
by? " Diamond Joe" Costen. and adver- .
tised'to be sold, at auction, would.be
reinstated if the sales were bona fide ;
ones. The Los Angeles official added,
however, that none of the horses
would ever be allowed to race over
Ascot Park. Oh, very well, Judge, per
haps big Ed Corrlgan 'will receive
them at New Orleans.
As the horses of Joseph Costen were
not I reinstated ; since being ruled off at
Ascot Park lalst season. " they will not
be allowed to be sold at Ingleside' to
day. Orders were also Issued by the
New California Jockey Club officials to
remove them from the grounds.
If L. Williams, W. Smith and two or
three other riders that ; could be named
were fined about $50 it's dollars to
doughnuts they would be able to keep
their mounts going just as straight as
Radtke does. i
New York .Wants American Derby.
NEW YORK. Dec' 27. East
ern turfmen have : made ; the suggestion
that the Coney Island; Jockey- Club or
the Brighton Beach Racing Associa
tion, should make, an offer to ' the
Washington . Park Club ; : of Chicago to
run ;the ; famous; American Derby- In
this part of .the .country > next year.
While It has; been planned to. run the
Derby *at : Latonia ,It^ is thought- one
of the two 'tracks namjed mlght.be able
to secure, it if a handsome offer was
made. 9 . -.' ,-\u25a0—,' ,-\u25a0- - - \u25a0"- *:
Boxer Lundle Returns to .Town.
Bob'rLundle, who went East' as Bat
tling Nelson's , sparring; 'partner, re
turned here yesterday. vHe developed a
pair* of cauliflower.; ears 'boxing with
Nelson. He then added! to. his troubles
by .?\u25a0, having t- them; frostbitten. -He
thought they would Jheal more; readily
here. V ' Nelson has " also V an. injured "ear,"
which' indicates their bouts^were rough."
Lundle,' who' ls Ta- lightweight, .will-ac
cept a matcn here' lf one is offered; '
HORSES WHICH
FIGURE BEST
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
. First race— Lady Toddlngtoa,
Santa 'Ray, Yolo Girl.
Second race — Bountiful, El
Piloto, St. Denis. V \ '
Third race— Bucolic, Soundly,
My Order.
Fourth race— Bird of Pa»
sasre, Ethel Abbott, Ed Sheri
dan, i ,
'_• Fifth race — Lerida, Hllee,
Serenity.
Sixth race— Ttnmus, Promi
nence, Iron . Watson.
Many Mudlarks
in To-Day's Races
The card at Ingleside to-day abounds in
selling events! The fields are well bal
anced and should furnish a good article
of sport. Tho entries:
First race — Five- furlongs; purse; two-year
old nllles.
89S1 Santa Ray (Clifford) 110
8039 Yolo Girl (Zimmer & Krause) 110
8»(J4 Lady King (Rosedale Farm) 110
6909 Slcyon (Stevens & Son) 110
6265 Miss Spokane (Green) 110
.... Lady Toddingjon (Jennings & C 0.)... 110
897t! Lorena M (Del Monte Stable). 110
804* Helen S (Clark) ...• 110
8075 Queen Alamo (Jackson) 110
8»90 Niota (Kern) 110
80&9 Mill Song (Kerr) 110
Second race — Six and a half furlongs; sell
ing; three-year-olds and up.
0001 El Piloto (Hoag) 104
8003 Spondoolix (Jones & Lusk) 100
BDBS St. Denis (Zelinsky) 100
8906 Wistaria (Stockton Stable) 104
(Bt>;3)Bountiful (Tanner & Co.) ...100
8959 *Lady Mirthful (Anderson) 99
9001 Colleen Dhaa (Nealon) ..'. 100
8046 Master (Ream) 104
0007 Waterspout (McGettrlck & Crysler) . 104
8087 Distributor (Nell)) J"O4
84)69 Dotterel (Lynch) 104
9004 Duelist (Rice) 104
Third race — Six furlongs; by* subscription;
selling: three-year-olds and up.
8091 Bucolic (Walker & McKennip) 11l
8879 Sacre-dus (McGrath) 107
8993 My Order (Rowell) .....103
0004 Yellowstone (Fine) 110
8991 Soundly (Humes &. Cp.) 107
BSSI Meada (Oakland Stable) ...103
8948 Melar (Mclntosh) 103
Fourth race — One mile, three-year-olds and
up, selling.
8983 Esharin (Cogglns) 101
(SoS2)Escamado (Baldwin) 100
(W>93)Forerunner (Fitzgerald) 103
8903 Gossiper (Touhey) 100
8959 Bird of Passage (Del Monte Stable).. 96
8869 Lucrece (Cortey) 100
80S3 Ethel .Abbott (Neil) 104
(9003) Ed Sheridan (Davies) 100
(8087) Birdie P (Fountain) 104
SO6O Profitable (Winter) 104
0000 Haven Run (Rowell) 104
8955 Holly Berry (Maddox) 104
Fifth race — One mile, three-year-olds and up,
selling.
9004 Baker (Ramsey) 90
8909 Major Tenny (Green) 100
8980 Dußty Miller (Thomas) 103
8083 Calculate (Newport Stable) 96
5929 Lady Redhead (Glover) 96
8959 *Anlrad (Davies) ....' 85
BflS2 Lydie Wrousman (Touhey) 06
9004 'Hilee (Elliott) 05
SO3S Serenity (Sierra Nevada Stable) 100
89t3 Lerida (Davis & Co.) 96
8817 Frank Woods (Garden City Stable).. .loo
Blt2o No Remark (Grady) ........100
Sixth race — One mile, two-year-olds, selling.
0006 Ramus (Stevens & Son) 106
9000 Iron Watson (Stanfleld) ".. 101
(0000) •Prominence (Steubenbord) 06
S9SB Governor Davis (Rice) 104
3939 "Mildred Grist (Fitzgerald) 94
8970 Torn Roberts (Applegato & Cotton).. 101
8020 Busy Bee (Rowell) 101
SPSS James L M (Del Monte Stable) ©9
•Apprentice allowance.
Cbanley Wins Over the Jumps.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 27. — City Park rac
incr results :
First ' race, five furlongs — Klngsmere won.
Self Reliant second. Red Ruby third. Time,
1:03 4-5.
Second race, five and a half furlongs —
Duchess Ollle won, Capltanazo second, J. Ed
Grillo third. Time. 1:10 3-5.
Third race, oeven \u25a0 furlongs — Oddolette won,
Blp Bow second. Yachting Girl third. Time,
1 :33 2-5.
Fourth race, abort course, steeplechase,
handicap— Chanley won, Lord Radnor eecond,
Lionel third. Time. 3:18. .
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles—En
voy won. Gravlna second. Malediction third.
Time, 1:53 4-5.
Sixth race seven furlongs^ — Happy Jack
won. Orosgraln second. Del Carina third.
Time, 1:83 2-0.
Mile Race tor Horseradish.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 27.— Fair Grounds
racinsr results: .
Flr«t race, six < furlongs— Van Nes> won,
Schohaxie second. Arabo third. Time, 1:161-5.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Stoner
Hill won. Dr. Heard second, Devlltree third.
Time, 1:00.
Third race, one mile — Horseradish won,
Torchello second. King Ellsworth' third. Time,
1:44. ;;-..--- v \u25a0 . .\u25a0 -- \u25a0 -
Fourth race, six furlonga — Calabash won.
Snow second. Rolla third. Time. 1 :10 L
Fifth race, six furlongs — Columbia Girl won.
Hyacinth second. Arsenal third. Time, 1:1 ft. "
Sixth race, otte mile— Colonel White vron,
Wedgewood second, Henry O third. Time,
1:45 3-3. _. \u25a0 '
Police Commissioners Meet.
Peter A. Glllln, a. member of the lo
cal Police Department and at present
enjoying the benefits of a pension, was
ordered to appear . before the pension
board ' of the department on January 2
and show cause why he should not bo
restored to .active duty. Gillln Is at
present serving .asaconstable In Santa
Cruz. Recently- he arrested a man In
this city .who Is wanted at the sea
side resort and' when he appeared at
the prison for hla charge next 'morning
Gill In ; was drunk.
Patrolman Joseph J. . Heff erman was
formally, suspended f rom. \u25a0 duty; last even r
Ing, pending an Investigation' by the
Police Commission, : on , a , charge \u25a0of being
drunk and j oft* his • beat' on Christmas eve.
Hefferman was found drunk in the saloon
of C. W. Eksteln, Twenty- third and How
ard streets, about 9 o'clock by Lieutenant
Tobln of . the'; Mission 'Station^' who took
his 'star away from" him and • reported the
matter to the [Chief. Yesterday, a formal
order was ; Issued ? suspending the . officer
until the next meeting of the commission.
Police Scout Robbery Tale.
James Jessie, George Dennis, and
Leonard Nicholson"' were - arrested yes
terday; morning- by Detectives Taylor
and Braig on a charge of robbery on
complaint of : G. Harper. * Police Judge
Cabaniss dismissed them on the'detec
tives', statement that they • were c guilty
of nothing, worse' than -!battery. r ; Har
per.; claimed that the three -defendants
attacked ' ; him : on . Ninth ; avenue and
took ; $10 from him.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
INGLE SIDE," Wednesday, Dec 27.— Weather line. . Track muddy.
: E. C. HOPPER. Presiding Judge." J.. J. HOLTMAN. Starter.
PQOS.', FIRST RACE>-fiH furlongs; i Mlllng? three- yea r-olda and up; value to nm. $340.
Inde * Horse and Owner. Wtj3t. \i. %. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. I • Op. Cl.
8977. V© San. 4 (Humes & Co.)<;.. 119 3 ... 11 12 1 2%1 t Adam* fl »
fSil A «Sleta..'3 ,(B. Schreiber) 102 1 ... 2 2*42 3 23 2 1 Radtk* 9-5 »-5
\u25a0®" Bhimenthal. 4 (L. H. EzeU).. 107 S ... 5 8 01543 '3 2 Knapp .... « »
b»3S Sad Sam. a (J. H." Brandon). 107 2 ... 43 3 1%3 h 4 6 P. Phillips. 3-2 6-5
%®l HasedoH ased0 - 4 (Rosedala Stable). 110 4 ... 3 n 4 %JH3 515 Otl» 1"> '2O
»ai7 Honoma, 4 (Sombre Vlyta St.) 107 .6 ... S 6 6 « Mcßrtde SO 200
Time— :2i%, :51%, 1:10. At. post % minute. Oft at 2:03. Yo San. place, 11-5; ihow, 4-5.
Angleta, place, 11-20: show. out. Blumenthal. show, 3-5. Winner, b. m. by St. Blaise
, Algae Ti-alned by O. F. Hume#. Start good. Wen all out. Balance drtvlmt. Hl«h
' a ?*" — n 12 » Angleta 2. Away well to-day, there was no stopping Yo Baa.
Angleta, -well ridden, ran an excellent race. Too much Bpe«d for Blumenthal. Sad Sam
1 la rar from being the gprtnter of old. Masedo a poor muJder. Honoma outclaa»ad.
9000. SECOND RACE— Seven furlonga; purse; two-year-olds; Value to first. $323.
Index Horgo and Owner. WtSt. %. fr. %. Btr. Jin. ( Jockey. I Opt . CL
(^ ) X>r ' Gardn «r <B. Schrelber)... 110 1 1 2 1 2%t I^l 2 1 h fßadtli* .... 8-5 IS-2U
8090 Ramus (Stevens & Son) 106 4 2228 22^22 2 2sa 'Treubel .... S 9
5390 Tenordale (J. F. Clifford).... 102 « 41 8%33 34 8 5 Fountain .. 5 5
122$ J X F (C. C. McCafferty).... 106' a 515 4 1 4 8 4 15 4 15 ITcßrlds... ft 13-J
S9iO Pentagon (Fitzgerald & C 0.).. 110 5 8a & 5 3 3 J. Rujsell.. 10 20
8922 Jako Mooao (E. I. Hansen) 102 2 a Pulled up. \ Wright .... 100 3UO
Time--:24. :40%. 1:17. 1:80. At post M minute. Off at 2:27 v;.. Gardner, place. 1-3; show,
out. Ramus, place, 9-5; show, 1-2- Tenordale. Bhow. 2-5. Winner b. c by Baanook
burn-Uarda. Trained by H. R. Brandt. Start good. Won all driving hard. Highest
price — Gardner 4-5. Judging from bia performances, winner Is a better colt on. a fast
track. Ramus stood a. long drive gamely and would have won la another Btrlde or two.
Tenordale ran, her race. J X F outclassed. Pentagon cannot beat this tort.
DOOT. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $323.
Index 1 \u25a0 Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. %. }j. %. Str. Fin. { Jockey. I Op. CL
8993 1 Procrastinate. 5 (Tanner) [IoT 2 ... 2 1%1 %13 14 Radtlc* * 3-2 . 11-5
B©Bs Mrs. Bob, 3 (J. W. Blalock)... 06 1 ... I}j 2 2^2 2^2 fl BatUste ... T 13-2
8063 Jerry Hunt, a (Schrelber) ....lo7 4 ... In 5%42 Sn Robinson . . 8 12
(SSI3) Dr. Sherman, a (3. Hoppas).. 110 3 ... 4 I^3 b 31 44 McßrM© ... 6 &-2
8083 Maxtress, 4 (Kronick & C 0.).. 107 7 ... 8 4 7 4 6 3 0 I%'Fountala .. SO 25
8323 Emma Reubold, 5 (Burger)... 102 » ... 3 b 4 5 3 1 ftl Graham ... 9 9
SUBS Albemarle. 5 (Qulnlan & W.). 107 5 ... 6?itJl 76 7«J T. Clark .. o »
8069 Waterspout, t-4 (McOetrick) 107 10 ... 0 On 95 8% H. Smith.. 13 80
SMKJ Silicate. 4 (w. GabrUl) 107 § ... 7 3 8 2 Sfc9 15 Loague 30 30
8891 Bear Hunter. 3 (R.R. Rice Jr.) 1041 8 ...10 10 10 10 L. Williams 30 gQ
Time— :24%. :49H, 1:18)4. At post 1% minutes. Off at 2:57%. Procrastinate, place, 9-10:
show, 1-2. Mrs. Bob. place; 5-2; show, 7-5. Jerry Hunt, show, 5-2. Winner b. g. by
Carnegie-Wasp. Trained by C. F. Tanner. Scratched — Macene. Jaka Ward. Start good.
Won In a gallop. Balance driving. Highest price — Mrs. Bob 8. Muddy going Is tha
winner's long suit. Mrs. Bob did well under moderate handling. Jerry Hunt «tUI in
the business. Dr.' Sherman just poking along to-day. Maxtress had worked well and
received backing. Emma Reubold probably abort. Alberr.arle showed no speed under
\u25a0ever* punishment. Silicate lacked speed.
OOOS. FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles; selling: 3-y-o and xrg; ralu« to first. 323.
Index Horse and Owner. WtjSt. %. %. %. Str. Fin. ( Jockey. j Op. CL
5902 Gateway, 4 (E. E. Burnett)... 110 222 1 h 3 1%2 nil !*Roblnson .. 2 3-2
8883 Bannock Belle. 3 (Jonas) 103 3 6% 5 4 2 lfel 1 2 2%|Radtk» .... 3-5 13-3
(8997) Christine A. 5 (Davies & Co.). 108 1 3 Vj 2 U 1 n 3 3 3 3^ W. Smith.. 3 5
89i>2 Gloomy Gus 3 (Zimmer) 105 8 4%4n 4%4 1%4 2fc Fountain .. 5 11-2
&959 Dixie Lad, 3 (W. H. Parker). 103 5 7 7 T * 7 5 n T. Stewart. 15 20
8997 Lone Wolf, 3 (R. R. Rice Jr.). 103 7 6 h 6 4 6 1%6 16 2 L. Williams' 20 SO
8378 Anvil. 5 (C. E. Murray) 104 4" 1 1%3 ?j 5 2 5H 7 Wright .... 23 40
Time— :24»4, :50^. 1:17%, 1:44%. 1:51. At post 2& minutes. Off at 3:23H- Gateway,
place. 11-20; show, 1-4. Belle, place, 4-5; show, 2-5. Christina A, show, 2-5. Winner,
br. g. by Del Paao-Seco. Trained by C. W. Chappell. Start good. Won galloping^
Balance driving. Highest price — Christine A. 11-2. Gateway easily best. Ho was cut
off on stretch turn by Christine A. Bannockßella did her beat. Christine A can do better
on a dry track. Gloomy Gus may brighten up. and line out a home run next time at
bat. Dixie Lad cracked no Ice. Anvil Is more at home on a dead slow track.
0000. FIFTH RACE — One mile and 20 yards; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. "Wt St. %. »$. %. str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. CL
8960 Cloche dOr, 6 (J. coffey) . . . . 107 3 6 4 n 3 6 310 1 n Crosswalta 8 12
5997 Warts Nicht. 6 (Wllkerson).. 107 3 4 »4 2 2%2 2^2 n 2 ns Bock 3 13-B
5997 Buchanan. 3 (B. Schrelber).. 103 4 11 14 1 3^il % 3 20 Radtke ... U-20 11-20
8963 Adirondack, 3 (H. Shannon).. ICtij 6 5U6 33 30 4<tP Phillips. 20 80
SOS* Haven Run. 4 (H. E. RowelDilOU) 2 2 IH3 3 4 1 4%5 2% Knapp 10 20
8172 M«tsteninger. 6 (C. J.Casey), [rotf! 1 3 2fes 2%4 6 6 {Greenfield . 30 <S0
Time— :24%. :SOH. 1:16%. 1:44. 1:45. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:50. Cloche, place 3-2
show. 4-5. Warte Nicht. place. 11-20; show, 1-5. Buchanan, show, out. Winner eh. m.
by St. Saviour-Belle d'Or." Trained by J. Coffey. Scratched — Birdie P. Start good Won
all driving. Highest price — Buchanan 3-5. Winner ran one of her good races. With a
more polUhed ride Warte Nicht would have cleaed up. Buchanan \u25a0 was bumped on first
• tnrn, losing some ground. Havea Run a cheap one. First time out for Melsterslnger.
DOIO. ' SIXTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs; purse; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $100,
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. tf. %. %. str. Fin. ( Jockey, t Op. CL
8984 Albert Fir. 3 (Jones &. Lusk). lWj 33 % 8 2HI nln 1 ns JL. Williams 8 ~25
88S6 St. Oteorge Jr., 4 (McLaughlln) 110 5 2%2 }» 3 2^2 H2 % Treubel ... 10 13
S860" Magrane, 4 (W. P. Magrane).. 107 1 6 4 61^ % 3 3 3 2Va'Mcßride 6 M •
0818 Prncs. Titanla. a (J. D. Mlllln) 107 8 5 1%4 %4 4 4H 4 4 .' H-3 8-5
(8984) Plnkerton. 3 (B. Schrelber).. 106 4 Ihl2 2^33 58 I Radtke 4-3 11-io
4207 Corrlgan, 6 (H. E. Rowell) 110 24n610612 8 10 « 3 Knapp " 15 3<r
SOS 6 Henry Walte. 4 (Lamasney).. 105 7 7 7 7 7 7 IRoblnaon .. 60 300
Time— :24, :49V4. 1:16%. 1:23%. At post 2 mlnutea. Off. at 4:28. Albert Fir, place. 6- sho-jr
8-5. St. George Jr.. place, 4; show; 6-3. Magrane. show. 9-10. Winner, eh. c 'by Al
bert-Balsam Fir. Trained by C. B. Lusk. Scratched— Beknighted. Start good Won all
driving. Highest price— Albert Fir 80. St. George Jr. 13. Titanla 3-2. Albert Fir Is her«
to-day and there to-morrow. Williams, who rode Urn, Interfered with Princess Tttants
twice In the stretch, as the mare started through oa the rail. St. Georgs received a rig
orous ride. Magrane did well under careful treatment. With clear sailing Princess Tl
tanla would have won. Plnkerton Just quit. Corrlgan knocked back soon after start.
BURGLARS BREAK TSTO MRS.
FOX'S GROCERY AND SALOON
Visit Is Also Paid to the Harmony Ho-
Tel and Small. Haul
Is Made.
Several reports of the work of burg
lars and sneak thieves were made to
the police yesterday. Mrs. Mary A.
Fox reported that her grocery and sa
loon at 1798 Fifteenth street had been
entered during the night by forcing
the rear door open with an ax. The
cash register had been relieved of $5
and two bottles of whisky and a re
volver were also stolen.
> The Harmony Hotel at 735 Brannan
street was" entered early yesterday
morning and $5 in coin, six boxes of
cigars and a- nlckel-ln-the-slot ma
chine stolen.
' Samuel Abrams, 935% Howard street,
reported that a silver watch valued at
$10 had been taken from his vest
pocket, on Tuesday morning, but he
was unable to say where the theft had
been committed.
Mrs. Margaret Tlmmerraan, 120 Dor
land street, reported that a leather
purse containing a gold watch and , $5
had been either lost or stolen from
her while she- was crossing Market
street at Fourth on Tuesday evening.
Patrick Collins, 149 Fourth street,
reported that his fox terrier, valued at
$20, had been stolen on Tuesday.
. Indians Cede Lands to Government.
SPOKANE. Wash.. Dec, 27. — A spe
cial to the Spokesman-Review from
Miles, Wash., says: Cession of Indian
lands on the south half of the Colvllle
Reservation to the Government Is
agreed to by the tribesmen on the Col
vllle Indian Reservation. The fact was
made public to-day that 450 adult In
dians had signed the agreement.,.
MEN'S DISEASES CURED FUR
VARICOC£LB,
fe STRICTURE,
iW'fe^S Loss of Vital Power,
LmS )W Conta £ ious Blood Poison
#li&i iSf AM) ALL CHUO.VIC AJTD JUS ' fS fU
.\^CV> --'flf; SPECIAL DISEASES OF I¥l G> IV
Jjff«9£' V«l Feeling that there may be some afflicted
f^li^g Iwf* men who have heretofore thought themselves
JESJT imT *"3L " na t>le to take our treatment, we have decided
<SSg- - "~*" to make this special offer and place OUR
Our Best Reference Is, SERVICES WITHIN REACH OF ALL. Our
Not a Dollar, Need Be terms to those who begin treatment with us
DH Pa S6LSU4v ar I d fco during the month of DECEMBER will be
&> Market st. * p. TWELVE DOLLARS AND FIFTY CENTS
Consultation Free. f O ra cure of any disease mentioned in this an-
nouncement. THOSE BEGINNING/TREATMENT WHO DESIRE
MAY PAY : THIS AMOUNT ONLY AFTER THEY ARE CURED.
(ID UniOMUM 0 Df) Hours— B to 3. 7to 3 Dally; Sundays. 9to U.
Ulti nULoIYI AN Qb UUi 729 Market St. [Top Floor] S. F.
IP YOP CAOTOT CALI, WHITE HE 6AHDIXO TREATMIgrf. •
EDITED BT
R.A. SMYTH
COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS
ELECT OFFICERS FOtt YEAR
Seml-Annual Convention of Coast As
sociation Followed by Dinner and
Theater Party at Majestic.
The Pacific Coast Commercial Travel
era' Association held its regular semi
annual meeting yesterday at Stetaway
Hall and elected a new staff of execu
tive officers and a board of directors for
the/ ensuing year. Reports from the
various committees showed that the or
ganization is prospering financially and
numerically. It Is purely a coast or
ganization, and, although established
sixteen years ago, numbers nearly 700
members.
At the afternoon session the election
of officers resulted as* follows: Presi
dent, A. C. Boldemann; first vice presi
dent, H. L. Judell; second vice presi
dent. Orrin S. Henderson; secretary, S.
Moseley Woods;, treasurer, •B. B. Gal
land; board of directors — W. W.
Knickerbocker, J. D. Freed, . J. A. En
quist, W. F. Peterson, Nate Mayer, H.
C. Jagger, F. K. Merrltt, John Davis, C.
C. ilcCrea, Andy Hampel, E. B. Hoot
and W. H. Goodwin.
After the session a buffet luncheon
was served at the headquarters at 41S
Market street and open house will con
tinue to-day. Last night a large the
ater party visited the Majestic.
Maria Kip Orphanage Tree.
The Christmas tree at the Maria Kip
Orphanage will be lighted this after
noon at 2 o'clock, when the children
will sing carols and receive their gilts.
The tree stands in the large reception
hall, where there Is also room for the
friends of the orphanage, who ar« cor
dially invited to come and help the
children enjoy this day, which for
them Is the happiest of all the year.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOfflf P. SPRECKELS..^....^^..^ .-.«... Proprietor
ADDRESS XTSL. CXJMMTJNTCATIONS TO
JOHN McXAUGHT. .^ \u2666 .Manager
rcßiiarroy omca thirp xho market streets, sax frajccisco
THURSDAY DECEMBER 28, 1905
THE TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION.
HOLIDAY week is given over to great activity in the State
University at Berkeley, by the meeting there of the State
Teachers' Association in its thirty-ninth annual session, and
the concurrent assemblage of the State Farmers' Institute, the^ State
Library Association, the School Board convention and a section of
the Geological Society of America. Valuable and interesting papers
jwill be read and discussed, upon a great variety of subjects, per
taining to the material- welfare of our people and their educational
interests!'
The promoters of agricultural education will improve the oc
casion by a forcible showing in favor of introducing agriculture into
the curriculum of the public schools. About'this there is a great
diversity of opinion. If such education attempt to go further than
chemistry of the soil, plant life and growth and diseases and ene
mies, it will add to the already topheavy course of study a burden
too great for teachers and students. There is no question, however,
that very much that is now in the curriculum can with advantage
be taken out to be replaced by an extension of nature Study into the
field of agriculture proper, and its projection into forestry as an
important collateral.
We think that a study of agriculture, if finally adopted, should
be made selective and not compulsory. It is just as impossible to
make an agriculturist of every man as it is to make all singers or
orators. When the natural taste and tendency are present, agricul
ture as an optional study will be selected. When they are lacking
it will do harm instead of good if made an obligatory branch of edu
cation. In our technical schools we have the same principle of op
lion and selection in study of the mechanic arts. Every pupil can
not be made a carpenter, blacksmith, machinist, draughtsman, a
mechanical or electrical engineer, in the absence of a taste for either
or any of those vocations.
By making agriculture and the laws of plant life an optional
study, there is no doubt that we will be educating the* coming and
much needed vegetable physiologists and pathologists, upon whom
much of the future welfare of agriculture is to depend. We have
now a well organized profession of animal pathology and treatment
of the diseases of our domestic animals, which are intimately related
to- successful agriculture. The epizootics which attack cattle, sheep
and swine and often cause great loss are constantly studied and
remedied. But plant diseases and deterioration are not so well un
der control, for lack of trained men in that field, and the losses they
cause annually run into the hundreds of millions.
Besides these subjects others relating to standard pedagogy will
occupy the attention of the teachers during the week. They will
add to their professional equipment and zeal, and interest in their
vocation will be inspired. But the teachers are compelled to do this
at a sacrifice, which, while it does them honor, they should not be
compelled to make. Since a little past midsummer they have had
the nerve racking of the classroom upon them. They have stood for
most of each week in loco parentis to the children of the State, and
for quite inadequate compensation have carried the burden of fitting
the next generation for the duties of active life and the burdens of
citizenship, while the rest of us have worked in our several ways,
but always free of the trying responsibility they bear. Now at the
'loliday season, in the holiday week, whpn everybody else is putting
:are aside and letting into their lives that variety that changes the
.ension of their nerves and rests them for taking up the burdens of
v Jie new year, these teachers are compelled to use their holidays
>y pressing forward in the same old line of their daily toil, with no
jew subject, no new object of interest, and denied even the social
mjoyments which culminate at this time of the year. Out of their
"lender compensation, at a time of many and unusual demands aris
ing in family affection and friendly esteem, they must take the cost
of a trip away from home and maintenance among strangers.
Their sacrifice is great and if possible it should be avoided. No
)nc denies the merit and benefit of these meetings of their State as
sociation, but it is ill-timed when it occupies the holiday week and
deprives them of the joys of life, which are for everybody but them.
It makes the school year a steady strain in one direction, with no
relief, no change, no novelty. Perhaps it cannot be avoided, but it
ought to be. •
A RAILROAD IN THE PARK.
r T^HE city is startled by a proposition, originating in the new
I Board of Supervisors, to run the Geary-street railroad through
Golden Gate Park. This is supposed to be in the interest of the
people of the Sunset district. But the park belongs to all the people.
It is incompatible with the idea. and purpose of parks that ordinary
streets and railroads shall be run through them. If the Sunset dis
trict is entitled'' to a .purely commercial facility in the park, all of
its borders have the same right and its' enforcement means the dis
appearance of the park.
Like a great many other defacing and despoiling propositions,
this proposed vandalism impinges upon public ownership. The city
is to take over the Geary-street road. The city can send that road
across the park.- It can also turn the park into a cow pasture if it
choose, or rent it to timber cutters and sell the stumpage. It can
do a lot of things that ought not to be done, in the name of public
ownership/unless the courts can successfully arrest its spoliations,
which remains to be seen when the proposition becomes official.
Since the park was developed all street roads have been prop
erly excluded from it, as they are excluded from parks in every city.
The beautiful and symmetrical development of a park is impossible
under any other conditions. The new Board of Supervisors will do
itself credit by extending our system of parks, excluding from them
ordinary streets and railroads, and giving the people more such
breathing and pleasure places, rather than abridging what we have
in Golden Gate, the finest park in the. world.
AGAINST SOCIALISM.
"T"*HE Saturday Evening Post, sometimes, gives signs of recur
j rence to the homely philosophy of its founder, Ben Franklin.
x Noting the rapid progress of socialism in cities and its slow
headway in the country, the Post says: "To the man who lives in
a great city and looks at the things around him, it must often appear
that the ideals expressed in the constitution have -utterly lost their
force, and that the population is divided into classes whose interests
are sharply antagonistic. But if he will go into the country, par
ticularly into the great* grain raising country of the Middle West;
he will find democracy pretty triumphant still, sitting on a load, of
corn and innocent of any idea that John, the banker, is a plutocrat, or
Hank and Tom, hired men, proletarians who ought to hate him.
Farmer, banker and Hired men go to the same wedding and the
same funeral.". ... *
It was Jefferson's belief that the mainstay and support of our
free institutions would be found always in the rural population,
living on and from the lrnd. He regarded cities with aversion, and
called them the "cloaca," the sewers of the country. Though money
flows to great cities, wealth remains and increases in. the rural dis
tricts. The Secretary of Agriculture estimates that the daily in
crease in the value of farms for the last five years has been $3,
400,000. That wealth, won by hard work, in the face of wind and
weather, is the rear bulwark of democracy. Socialism may divide
the personal estate, consisting of money in the cities, but the real
estate, the farms of the country, will not be in the pool. \u25a0 .
Kingdon Gould can well . exchange his rmembership . in a college society
(or the satisfaction, of having dealt hazing a body, blow.— Rochester Herald.
Premier Witte has shown the reactionaries that it is not impossible to
hold on by his eyelids.— Baltimore Sun.
'/THE " SAN ' FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. DECEMBER 28. 1905.
I owned America 1 would give a premium to every man who could save enougb
money to come here."— Andrew Qarnegi^
DOES IT PAY TO BE GOOD?
A Few Reflections on theXase of Mrs. W. Ellis Corey
Versus Actress Mabelle Gilman. ' ; ri *V
ANGELA MORGAN
DOES wifely devotion pay', Does
goodness pay? • \u25a0
The pessimists have their oppor
tunity now to point out the case of Mrs.
W. Ellis Corey and cry that faithfulness
and unselfishness have no reward.
The skeptics have their chance to con
trast the lot of the faithful wife with
that of the young woman alleged to have
broken up her home, and to ask: "What
of the divine : justice that.w ould permit
vanity and unscrupulousness to win out
against loyalty, unselfishness and true
womanliness?"
The case of the Coreys and the numer
ous similar cases which . have attracted
public attention recently are' calculated
to shake . the faith of many women who
are struggling patiently with hard prob
lems In the belief that character
more than anything else in this world.
The patient, careworn wife reads the
story and wonders whether, after all,
sacrifice and patlencfe and genuine love
avail much in this life. .
The self-supporting woman,, out in the
world, surrounded by temptations and
striving to be true to her best Ideals, re
flects bitterly upon facts which seem to
show unprincipled womanhood triumph-
Ing over virtuous womanhood, and ques
tions if, after all, she may not be fighting
a losing battle.
And yet, In the light of the world's in
telligent thought, which ,of these two
women, the deserted wife or the. favored
actress. Is really the unfortunate one?
The first stands before the world an
object, seemingly, of pity; sorrowful, hu
miliated, crushed; cast off by th© hus
band she has loved through years of self
sacrifice and beautiful devotion— her ""hus
band and the father of her children.
The second woman stands as one who
has triumphed. Young, pretty, possessed
of charms : that , have so Infatuated the
steel magnate he is willing to give up
wife, home and children for her sake, this
actress, according to * superficial judg
ment, has Infinitely the advantage of the
wife.
But, thanks to the divine justice which
truly does exist, jit Is not on the visible
side of life that judgments may be made.
It is only in the Invisible realm— where
each one of us really 'lives— that values
may be truly taken.
Thus It Is that not one of us, looking
upon external signs alone, can judge
what is good fortune and what calamity.
If, as Is . aliened, this actress, .because
of her vanity, her love of power, her
greed for money, has robbed another
woman of her husband,~it Is she, 1 and not
the wife, who has drawn the; real calam
ity. No matter what exalted^ position she
may in future • occupy; no matter what
triumphs, what praise, flattery or sue-
NO INDORSEMENT.
Book'Agent-^-Can- 1 sell you a
work on" etiquette? ! ' \u0084.
Lady.' of '.the House— Do - you
go by,: it?.
Agent—Tap.
Lady— No.
PLAYING THE PIPER.
cess may come to her, she has brought
disaster upon herself, and, sooner or later,
she will realize' It.
She has connected 'with forces that are
bound some day to prove her undoing.
The woman who is capable, for her
own selfish purposes, of deliberately
breaking up a sister woman's home, can
not be called fortunate in any real sense,
no matter what . external good fortune
may come to her.
To be possessed of a dwarfed soul, a
sordid nature, a stunted understanding
that' knows no recognition of another's
rights, another's sufferings, Is not
fortunate.
To have such a distorted view of life
that winning a man from his wife seems j
an achievement of which to be proud,
rather than ashamed, is not fortunate.
To lack moral sense, humanity, woman
liness-«lndeed, to lack all the genuine
traits that really' make life worth the ,
living— ls not fortunate.
What is-- this . young woman's achieve- .
ment, after all? Why not class it In the'
category where It belongs? Is It any more
to be proud of than \ the achievement of ;
the burglar, the bank thief, the highway
man? All these take by trickery, clever- !
ness or, force the things that do not be
long to them.
The most blessed thing in life is the
consciousness of being right. Mrs. Corey,
deserted and unhappy though she Is,
does possess this consciousness. She has
done her part. She has wronged no one.
She A has been loyal, patient, self-sacri
ficing, noble. •
She has the respect, the sympathy, the
admiration of every worthy person In
this land. On her side, are all the forces
of rizht and truth.
Yes, there is a divine justice; there is
a divine law; and. that law operates co
perfectly that one . who harms another
for her own gain is robbed of the capacity
for, real happiness.' „''
Docs it pay to be good?; Goodness Is
the only thing that does pay. l
TRAMPS TERRIBLE RIDE.
Stanley : Conder, the h ten-year-old boj
who has just ; traveled 30 miles under th«
carriage ;of <an express train, deserves
a holiday with the relative whom he has
thrice, by i sensational \ rides, endeavored
to reach, 'says the I St. .James Gazette.
For his, age the boy has achieved a rec
ord. More wonderful things have been
done, but by men. One, for example,
rode from Slough to \u25a0 Paddington on- the
roof of a carriage, but, then not only
years, but the fact that he was mad,
lessened the merit of his achievement.
Then a ; railway man at -King's; Cross,
while lying, beneath a north express, was
carried off to Grantham. An out-of-work
came: from Edinburgh -to ' Newcastle,
cllngingby rail and buffers. But the big
gest thing of the kind " was ; the feat of
an ex-stoker, who : traveled from > Con
stantinople 'to Serlin—s3 hours—wedg
ed between* the axle -and the springs of
a carriage. It blinded him.
A NATION. WITHOUT RHEUMATISM.
A writer in France, de Demaln, Paris,
says that rheumatism is 'practically un
known In Japan. . This 'condition l"ls ex
plained .by the extraordinary sobriety, of
the race, the members of • whjeh^ scarcely
ever^ touch : meat r and • live practically •on
rice and dried , fish. V. Add this a pas
sion for water under all of its forms, for
not only do Ithe Japanese \u25a0\u25a0 take '\u25a0[ two Jor
three daily baths in all seasons, but they
drink such a quantity of pure water; that
there is ; a resultant '\u25a0" lavage of ' stomach
and kidneys." 7 ;^ r v'l*
Tjme to , ship East for. New -Years,
Townsend's California Glace Fruits, 767
Market street. 18^J$m&£S3&M8Wg£r'' .•
; Townsend's California glace fruits
and .'choicest : candies in: artistic •flre
etcbed boxes. ; 1 . New; store, ; 767 Market. •
Special , information/ supplied I dafly to
business houses 'and , public men \u25a0 by the
Press Clipping" Bureau (Allen's), 30 Call
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Leaves Unique
Will.
LET some of our financiers put this in
their pipes and smoke it; Signor Flo
rio was a noted money lender of Na
ples, the Uncle Russell Sage' of Campania.
As happens to most men, money lenders
as well as borrowers, he died. As happens
to few money lenders, he died by his own
hand, leaping foremost out of-'a window;
that is, he committed suicide. He left
his estate,- valued at 4,000,000 lire (SSOO,
000), to the Hospital for Incurables on
condition that in the wards built
with his money a commemorative tab
let should -be placed, bearing this Incrip
tlon: "The money which I obtained from
the wealthy, who in their turn wrested
from the poor, now returns to the poor."
— New York Press."
ALYSS.
After a few weeks at boarding school
Alice wrote home as follows:
Dear Fatner: Though I was homesick
at first, now that. I am getting ac
quainted, I like the school very much.
Last evening Grayce and Kathryn (my
room-mates) and I had a nice little
chafing-dish party, and we invited
three other girls, Alayme and Carrye
Miller and Edyth Kent. I hope you are
all well at home. I can't write any
more now, for I have a lot of studying
to do. With lots of love to all,
Your affectionate daughter,
ALYSS.
To which she received the following
reply: \u25a0",' *
My dear daughter Alyes: I was glad
to receive your letter and to know that
you are enjoying yourself. Uncle
Jaymes. came the other day, bringing
Charls and Albyrt with him.- Your
Brother Hen'rie was delighted, for he
has' been , lonely .without you. . I have
bought a new gray horse whose name
Is Byllye. rfe matches nicely with old
Fredde. With much love from us all,
I am, Your affectionate father,
WTLLTAM JONES,
The next letter from the absent
daughter was . signed, "Alice." — Wom
an's Home Companion.
SO MUCH GRASS.
Charles Dana Gibson tells the story of
a; little slum "urchin whom he accom
panied on his first visit to the country:
"It was years ago. A . newspaper was
sending the children. of the poor to the
country for a; week.- I. went with one of
the -bands to make some sketches.
"When the train drew up I helped out
a thin urchin of about six years. I lifted
him into the waiting farm wagon and we
jogged off through beautiful; rolling pas
ture—miles and miles of green velvet.
"The "little fellow was very much ex
cited over the scene.
" 'Gee,* he said, 'they must need a lot
of cops here.'
•: 4." 'Why : so?' said I.
."'There's so much crass to keep oft
of, '.said the child."
SUPERIORITY.
\u25a0: Helen-4l wonder where those
clouds are; going? v
Jack— They're going to thun
der.
Occidental
Accidentals
A. J. WATERHOUSE
THE 3IAN AND THE VENERABLE.
A MAN who was having a little New-
Year celebration of his own.
which promised to be a fairly red
one, chanced to meet a venerable
person who carried a scythe upon his
shoulder.
"Ah, there, Reuben!" the man re
marked. "How ia the alfalfa?"
But before the venerable person had
time to answer a funeral cortege
passed down the street. ** .
"Who is the party in the rest
wagon r* the man Inquired.
"That Is the body of the Old Year,
the venerable person replied. It is
being borne to— what are you doings
For the venerable person had no
ticed that the man was acting In a pe
culiar manner.
"Picking up a stone."
"For what?"
"To shy at the wagon. I want
to show what I think of the Old Year.
"Did it treat you badly?"
<i "Badly! I should say It did — never
kept its word once."
"Did you help It do so?" \u25a0-"
"Well, I— l— that Is— l attended to
business — fairly well — and — Say, what
festal procession is that behind the
other?"
For the man thought it would be
well to change the subject.
"That is the procession of the New
Year." ;/ "
"•Tis,. hey! 'Ray! -' Ray for the New
Year! Whoop 'er up! He's a peach!
•Ray!"
"Why do you think so much of the
New Yearr";
"Why, he has promised me all sorts
of good things."
"Say," the venerable person with
the scythe- remarked, "I will tell you
one thing right now: He will keep
few or none of his promises so long
as yyoyou — you — that is — attend to busi
ness — fairly well — and—"
"Who in thunder are your* the man
Interposed.
"I am generally known as Old
Father Time."
The man listened in wonder and
amaze. Then he shook his head and
said:
"I suppose then it must be one of
your children I am out after."
"What do you mean?"
"Why, I am out after a little Time."
So Old Father* Time passed on. for
what Is the use of giving counsel to a
fellow of that kind? Pearls cast be
fore swine are wasted — unless some
other fellow picks them up.
"Did BjinlCs swear off on New Year's
"Well, I can't figure out whether he
did or not." •
"How is that?"
"Why, he told me that he had sworn
off swearing off."
Let"c wi3h a wish for you and me.
To sum all others that are told:
That our New Year may better be
Than ever was the spotted old.
"Miss Olegirl made a New Year res
olution that she would marry if only
a man would come along."
"That was no New Year resolution."
"Why not?"
"Why. she made It at least fifteen
years ago."
INCLE GABE OX THE TWO SONS.
Dah was a man dat had two sons, an'
bofe ob dem was brudders.
An' dem two . was de on'y ones, bekase
dah want no oders;
An* one dem sons was projergal ' an'
wouldn' freeze ter nuffin,
But t'oder froze ernoueh foh bofe— an*
dat remark am' bluffin".
Well, den, de pah ob dem dah boys, he
jes' sot down an' flggah.
An' say: "Dat Wash'n'ton ob mine's a
strornry knowin' niggah.
An' dat dah Jeff'son am a fool, a pro
jergal an* spendah.
But still Ah lubs dat po* brack chile,
his haht's so grejus tendah."
Well, den, one day, dat Jeff'son come an*
speaks unto his fadder.
An' say, "Ah lak ter see de worl* ef it
won' make no Dodder,
An* so Ah asks yo' blessin", sah"; an*
den. Ah tells you*, honey,
Dat fadder gib him den an' dah a pos
sum an'~some money-
Some says es much es fohty cents, but
dat Ah am',, suggesting
Ah on'y knows he said. "Bewah in gol*
bricks ob Investin'!"
But dat dah Jeff'son he jes* laff an* stood
among de scohners,
An' den he take his grip an* staht ter
walk ter Dobbses' Cohners.
Well, den, dat Wash'n'ton he say: *Dat
grejua, trinin' niggah!
He don" know how his possum's cooked
an' don' know how ter flggah."
An* so he stayed right dah ter home an*
got his bohd foh nuffln* —
An' when anoddah paid de bill he was a
nan' foh stuffln*.
He sholy helped his pa, he did, bekase
he kep' refleenn',
"Watebah dat de gubnah gits some day
Ah'll be collectln*."
An' so he stayed ter home an' wohked,
but, sho as Ah's a slnnah.
He nebbab raised* his han" unless he flg
gahed he'd be wlnnah.
Well, den, one day dat Jeff'son coon come
sneakln' troo de gateway.
An' dough he lak me debbll looked, his
fadder met him straightway.
An' says, "Bring out de fatted calf! Man
son has quit his bummm*!*'
An' den dat Wash'n ion come roun', kase
he had seen him comln*.
An" says, "Yo* sholy don" surgest yo's
glad ter see dat niggah!"
An' den hla fadder says: "Ah is, an* Jes*
. one joy wah blggah—
Mah cud ob bliss would run dah o'er;
Ah redkon 'twould be splllln*.
Ef yo* would go, ter husks he left' an'
try dem foh a flllln*."
VAGRAST REFLECTIONS*
Reform the men. and you need not
worry about the women.
Teach the child by precept or attitude
that most people are dishonest, and you
need not be surprised If he concludes to
Joln^ the majority.
If loving your fellowmen, and. of course,
treating them accordingly, be not enough
to constitute Christianity, some mistake
was made " In translating Christ's words
for my BlbleJ
It Is easy to criticise, but would you
take a contract to do the criticised thins
better?
Can you think of , anything that would
create a stock panic more surely than It
would were the Almighty to enact a law
that all men who deserve prison should
be there? >
It Is said that there is purpose In all
things, but can you' mess what 'could
have been the purpose in the creation of
some men you know?
His anxious mamma— What are you cry
ing for. Tommy?
Little Tommy— l failed down and hurted
"But brave little boys do not cry when
they are hurt." Bfc»W
"I ain't cwyin* for 'at."
"Why, then, do you cry?"
"Betause I's so sorry for Tommy."
"She says that her standard of modesty
Is '\u25a0 high." '
"How high?'.'
"Well, I saw her at the beach last sum
mer, and I Judged 1 that It waa about as
high «a - her knees."
The Smart Set
SALLY SHARP
The la3t week of the year will go out
amid a whirl of dancing, four larga af
fairs beinjr scheduled.
Saturday evening will close the festivi
ties, the club of the younger set to hold
a charming cotillon, although It may be
mentioned that the vaudeville entertain
ment to be held at the De Young home
will bo rounded out by a dance which will
see the incoming of 1906.
• • •
The Broadway home of Mrs. Eleanor
Martin will be a scene of brilliancy to
nicht. when fifty guests will gather at a
dinner and dance In honor of Miss Gene
vieve Harvey. The -decorations and all
appointments are to be very elaborate,
with many beautiful features suggestive
of the season.
• • •
The Presidio will be the scene of a large
hop this evening, given by the officers
and ladies of that post ar.d of the general
hospital. This affair was originally set
for thi» 13th. but postponed' until to-night.
The patronesses will be Mrs. Frederick
Funston, Mrs. Samuel Summer. Mrs.
James M. Kennedy. Mrs. Edward G.
Brown. Mrs. Charles Morris and Mrs.
Edwin M. Supplee. The officers in charge
of the affair include Lieutenant Leigh
Sypher, Lieutenant Morris Locke, Lieu
tenant Thomas E. ScLfridge. Lieutenant
Briggs. Lieutenant Frederick Perry anct
Dr. Hall. U. S..A.
• • •
Miss Blsa Draper's dance at the new
Golf and Country Club last evening ful
filled every anticipation of pleasure and
Jollity,- for a merrier group never assem
bled than that which danced with the
spirit of-'Christmastlde. The new club
bouse was embowered with flower 3 of
many kinds, those of the season taking
precedence In position and quantity, but
the mingling of gorgeous American Beau
ties with the wintry holly gave an ef
fectiveness unique and beautiful. Gar
lands of green were lavishly festooned all
through the house, and in the dining-room
the table held a huge rustic basket from
which fell a mass of holly berries. Rib
bons of cold and red were stretched from
this centerpiece to the ends and sides of
the table, forming a beautiful and artis
1 tic design, over which glowed the sort
light of red-shaded caldelabra.
Colonel Draper, with Miss Elsa Draper,
was assisted In the reception of his
guests by General and Mrs. Charles Aus
tin Coolidge. Mrs. Draper being in New
York with Miss Dorothy.
A similar affair will take place in the
near future. Colonel Draper to entertain
another list of guests.
Those bidden to last evening's affair
were Miss Frances Stewart, Miss Ethel
"Williar, Miss Dorothy Dustan, the Ml3ses
Mary and Susan Ertz, the Misses Rhoda
and Maria Pickering. Miss Roma Pax
ton. Miss Edith Berry, Miss Edna Davis.
Miss Janotte and Miss Marian Wright,
Miss Gertrude Russell, Miss Mary Mar
rlner.'Mlss Marcia Warren. Edward M.
Greenway. Major William Stephenson.
Sherrill Schell, Philip Paschel, Lieutenant
Rollo F. Anderson, Arthur Fennimore,
Colridge Ertz. Lawrence Ertz. Alan Dia
mond. Everett Bee, Count de la Rocca.
Arthur Foster, Edward A. Davis, Jerome
Landfleld. Lieutenant Willis G. Peace,
Frederick Greenwood, Courtenay Ford,
Dr. James Pressley. William Powell.
Lieutenant O'Hara. Charles Norrl3, 'VCil
11am Goldsborough. Roy Summers, John
Lewl3, Frank Corbusler, 'Walter Bates
and Lieutenant Hlgrglns.
Dr. J. Wilson Shiels. who will sail to
day for Tahiti, was the guest of honor at
a farewell dinner Tuesday evening. The
red room of the Bohemian Club was made
the place, and a gathering of, congenial
friends offered toasts and speeches of
welfare for Dr. Shiels* trip. Those in the
assemblage Included Dr. Shiels, Dr. Ar
nold Genthe, Courtenay Ford, Charles
Dlckman, Theodore Vogt. MacKenzle Gor
don, Allan Dunn, Enrique Grau. Louis
Brechemin, Vail Bakewell. James Mo-
Nab. Ernest Simpson, Judge Lawlor.
Rlley Haxdln, William H. Smith Jr., Paul
Cowles, George W. Fletcher. David Bush.
H. C. Fassett and Noble Eaton.
• • « : •
Miss Laura Farnsworth will be one. of
to-day's hostesses, entertaining: Informally
at an eggnog party.
• • •
Judge and Mrs. W. W. EMxon were re
cent entertainers at a dinner at the St.
Francis, their guests including Captain
and Mrs. Charles Plummer Perkins. Miss
Whitney, Mrs. Jarboe and Major Ste
phenson.
• • •
A Christmas tree will b« held to-day at
the Maria Kip Orphanage, and all friends
are cordially Invited to bo present.
• » •
Dr. and Mrs. Edward F. Glaaer left an
Tuesday for the East en route to Europe
for an absence of str months.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
DATE OF PUBLICATION— C. R..
City. Walter Scott's "The Bride of
Lamermoor" was published in 1810;
Charles Dickens' "Christmas Carol" in
1843 and Lew Wallace's "Ben Hur" In
ISSO.
JAPANESE— C. H. S.. City. Under the
naturalization laws, a Japanese* of Jap
anese parents, cannot become a citizen
of the United States. This, however, dws
not apply to children of white parents
who were born in Japan while th© parent i
were temporarily residing there or trav
eling through the country, or whoso
parents, except Chinese, were residents
of Japan as the representatives of their
Government.
PUGILISTIC RECORDS-H. B. D.j
City. The record shows that Jack Me-
Auliffe between July 1, J3S4. and Novem
ber 19. ISM, fought forty times with the
following results: Woa. 23; draw. 9:
knock-outs. 8. Ills record does not show
that he ever lost a Cght. On March 21.
1890, he fought Jimmy Carroll before the
California Athletic Clul. and ky jcked him
out In the 17th round. l i\«. w jchts were:
134^.12%.
Jack Dempsey, the f, w;arefl." fought
George Lablanche, the X^rine." at
Larchmont. L. 1.. March 4. ISS3. and won
in 13 rounds. They fought again August
27. ISS9. before the California Athletic
Club, San Francisco, when Dempsey lost
to Lablanche ln)3J rounds. The weights*
151-16 L . '
A SWELL HEIR.
PCholly — Does your sister
iow I am heir to a million?
Lulu — She said you had »
\u25a0well air about you.GOSSIP ABOUT
APPOINTMENTS
II 11. Warfield May Succeed
to lioncovieiTs Membership
on the Board of Education
OTHERS AHE MENTIONED
Major C. AY. Kyle Is Said to
Ite Slated for Warden of
City and County Hospital
. Despite the fact that the Mayor has j
enr.runced that tho names of those select- j
r.l for appointment under the city govern- '
merA. will not be officially announced un-
Ul afttr the first of next sear. the po
;!:ical "dockers" are discussing the
« :;ames of several new candidates for va
. ancles:
First among these is the vacancy on the
Board of Education as the result of the
appointment of Director Alfred Ronco
vi.ri as Superintendent of Schools, and
'.he gossips are saying that General R. |
U "i\ arficld. former hotel proprietor, will
sco\:rc the appointment. Warfield headed '
the delegate* in the Korty-fourth Assem
i:> i'i*:rlet en the Ruef-Schmttz ticket in
tbe^last primaries, and it is highly prob
pVi'o that h< will be rewarded. D. J. OH- .
*.^r Jr.. J. B. Sykes. teacher of commer
cSal'lav in the Commercial High School,'
ar.fl-'O- W- Moores, vice principal of the:
Franklin School, are also aspirants for
the Place.
The women of the California Club have :
filed *a petition with the Mayor for the
eypointment of Joseph McQuaide as War
den of the City and County Hospital.
but it is said that Major C. W. Kyle is
«"«?#o for the position. McQuaide has
V • :. acting a« Warden of the institution
for several months past, and should he
T.p retired to make room for -Kyle, Mc-
Qixaide will be appointed Superintendent
«f the County Jails by Sheriff -elect
O'Veill. Kyle took the stump in behalf
tt ,ihe Union Labor ticket at the last
election, and he, like Warfield. will re
c*«ve some reward.
TPio- possips are figuring now that Her
bert Schrnitz wili resign as secretary of
t:.e Tark Commission to go into the lnsur
knee business, and that he will succeed
Police Commissioner Thomas Reagan,
ho is in bad cdor * with Ruef and
Schmitz. Reagan's resignation is very
much- desired. It Is said, and it is also
t mored that his retirement will be
peaceable or forcibly, as the circum
*!arsees may dictate,
AH of the other aspirants for appoint-
Tr.>=T.ts who have been previously men
tioned are anxiously awaiting the official
announcement of the selections for mu
nicipal plums and will know their fate
%y next week.
N>tr Year's at Hotel Del Monte.
Enjoy the glass-bottom boats, hot
salt water swimming, riding, driving,
tenofs and golf on the finest course in
California. Special tickets, good leav
:npr San Francisco any train from Fri
day, December 29; returning by any
train Tuesday. January 2. Round-trip
rate, including four days' accommoda
tions at Del Monte. $18. Through
train, with parlor car, leaves Third and
ToMT.send streets daily at 3 o'clock,
returning leaves Del. Monte S:3O a. m. •
HEALTH OFFICER CALLS
MILK DEALERS TO ACCOUNT
Ragin Reprimands Those Whose
< .co.l» Show m Ulch Bacterial
Count After Analyses.
Health Officer Ragan yesterday sent
letters of reprimand to L. Chellsier,
SSS Third street: J. A. Wagner, 347
Fourth street, and J. Furrer, 227
Fourth street, milk dealers. from,
whom samples of milk were taken that
showed a high bacterial count after
examination. Ragan says* there Is no
reason to have such filthy milk upon
the market.
The Health Officer states that it has
come to his notice that one of these
dealers, J. A. Wagner, has been sell
ing a cheap grade of milk at half the
regular market price, which is a sus
picious circumstance. Every effort will
lie made by the milk Inspectors to
drive such milk from the market.
Ilorvrttz Want* Hl* Freedom.
A petition for a writ of habeas cor
pus in favor of Ernest Horwltz. the
Hlianghal embezzler, was filed in the
Court of Appeal yesterday. The Jus
tices had taken no action in the mat
ter up to the lime of closing: last
night.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wouldn't you like Every-
body's for a Christmas present?
wouldn't your friends?
Send us #1.50, and give your
friends a year's subscription
to the magazine that is turn-
ing insurance-graft and all
other kinds of graft inside out;
also showing the people, in
brilliant fact-stories, what can
be done by all working for the
common good, keeping its
readers amused and entertained
with fiction-stories and art of
the highest order.
Everybody's Magazine 15 cents
$1.50 a year.
Special representatives wanted for Every-
toay'« Magazine In towns where there are no
toilers.
;
_
if Half a Cooß
|n could almost cook vrifh^J^if,
% LIEBI6 COMPANISFr-
\ \ ~^ Extract rjfc*S^ '
I ttabwysEti*** .cooking \1 ,-^i
II J^©*£ HMUSThmTHIS JtSJj
\j\^V it it not Jjf
PUBLIC NOTICE.
' To Whom It May Concern: Plea«e.take no-
tice that J. M. Kurtx la not !n oar employ In
. any way. nor !« he In any trajr connected with
v. ;: r houiie. end w« will not be responsible for
uctn of his. end will not r»<?elv» or be r»-
»-ponsibl« \u25a0 for any order* of whisky that he
; \u25a0.;;•!.! mak«;-.-
LEMUCKT SOUR MASH iRO RYE OIST. CO.
T. F. CROXIK. Pf-Ment.
GLANCES INTO
WORKSHOPS
OF WRITERS
The promise that Ainslee's Magazine
makes that it will be a very Interesting
periodical for the year 1&06 is so solidly
backed up by the mention of the names
of the writers who are to be its contribu
tors that really there Is no need for any
but the brief prospectus in which it has
announced who are the people who will
collaborate in its expected excellence. -
Here are some of them: Edith tVhar
ton, perhaps rightly, heads the list. As
she has recently scored a brilliant suc
cess the people will be sure to wish to
read more of her work. Then there is
Booth Tarkington, who did the "Beautiful
Lady." and more recently the "Conquest
of Canaan"; Katherine C. Thurston, that
talented Irish authoress, whose three suc
ceasrul novels are a prediction of more
good stories to come; Edgar Saltus, whose
name suggests attic salt and a saltant lit?
erary style sure to arouse attention and
entertainment; the Baroness yon Hutton;
Julia Gordon; David Graham Phillips,
with his hand on the pulse of people who
are getting rich too fast; Rex E. Beach,
the vlriUst; Jack London, the portrayer
of tho elemental in man's make-up; Ella
Wheeler Wilcox, the white-thought com
forter: Allan Dale, who does theatrical
matters: the divine Barah Bernhardt;
aiid Maurice Maeterlinck, who is almost
divine. There are others, not to be
thought slighted, though not in this brief.
The plan which Ainslee's has laid out
for itself would be a most stimulating
Ideal for people in all lines of endeavor
to keep «et up before their desks or in
the -mind's eye, namely: to take each
issue, "not as a standard to be equaled
by the next: but as a finished achieve
ment to bo excelled." However, that's a
thing which it is futile to expect any
ertort to mak<s infallible. There is for
ever the swing of fortune's wheel, and
flukes will always happen. We will hope
that Ainslee's will almost always catch
surely on to the next higher notch in the
ratchet of ascent.
• ;'-v-"; '-v-" •>'•'•
"There «re three ways of writing
plays," said Augustus Thomas, as he
helped himself to a round of well-browned
toast. "The j first kind of writer starts
with a story he can get anywhere— it need
not necessarily be his own— and then he
sets to work to give life to that story-
The second kind of writer is one who con
ceive?, finds or conceives a very strong
situation, and writes up to that and down
from it. The third type is the one who
starts with a set of characters or with
one character, and lets them work out
their own story."
"And which type of man are you?"
asked the Interviewer.
"The third," he replied. • • • I begin
with a group of characters and let them
live together for a while, and they make
their own story. • • • I haven't thought
how it will work out— they develop their
own story, you see. Under these condi
tions if a man tried to bind his charac
ters by conventions they would smell of
the theater."— The Theater.
The passing of the eagerness to put
sculpture in the parks— if it may be said
to have really passed— means no lessening
of its prominence in cities. Indeed, that
must be expected to increase as the new
ideal of civic splendor strengthens its hold
on our American imagination. And what
a nationally typical beneficence, by the
way, was that contained in the will of
that Chicago lumberman, recently de
ceased, who left $1,000,000 of which the In
come is to be used for "the erection and
maintenance of statues and monuments
in the public places, in the parks and
elong the boulevards" of Chicago! It is
typically American in the magnitude of
its sum, in its generous open-handedness,
in its whole-souled but somewhat bar
baric attitude toward art, as if the donor
had said: "Art is a good thing in cities,
is it? Well, here's a million. Buy a line
and spread it around."— The Architectural
Record.
• "\u25a0• "•.'\u25a0- •
When Nicholas II comes face to face
with the elected representatives of all
the Rus6ias It will be a day of pleas
ant surprises on both sides. The Em
peror will be amazed to find how rich
and varied are the capacities of those
unofficial classes now for the first time
called to his councils. And the mem
bers of the douma will be not less sur
prised to discover how highly endowed
Is their sovereign for playing his
proper role at the head of the state.
If it were not that omne lgnotum
horrible est it 'would be difficult to
credit what an extraordfnary tissue of
baseless calumnies has been spun
around the name of the Emperor.
Even Count Tolstoy, the most famous
of his contemporaries, • has not hesi
tated to declare that he "knew" he
was a man below the average level of
culture and If Count Tol
stoy had ever met the Emperor to talk
with him as man with man he would
never have made so false an asser
tion. The liberty which a great Chris
tian teacher permits himself, to bear
false witness against his neighbor,
when that neighbor has the misfor
tune to be his sovereign, degenerates
into license In the hands of less scru
pulous gossipers. — W.-T. Stead in the
Word To-Day for January.
The medicinal properties of books
have long been known to the learned,
and they are a favorite topic of old
philosophers and students. That
quaint old specialist on melancholy,
Robert Burton, in his famous "Anat
omy of Melancholy," extols reading as
of all remedies the most efficacious.
" 'Tis," says he, "the best nepenthe,
surest cordial, sweetest alterative,
presentest diverter," and he gathers
together, in his quaint way, the testi
monials of all maner of men. King's
and saints and poets, telling us how
Carden calls a library "the physick of
the soul." how Ferdinand and Alphon
sus. Kings of Aragon and Sicily, "were
both cured by reading the history, one
of Curtius, the other of Llvy, when no
prescribed pHyslck" was of avail, and
bo on. The scriptures he compares to
"an apothecary's shop, wherein are
remedies for all infirmities, purga
tives, cordials, alteratives, corrobora
tives and lenitives." — Richard Le Gal-
Menne in Success Magazine-
Dr. Henry Van Dyke contributes a
three-page poem to the January Harper's
entitled "The Telling of a Dream."
Little, Brown &. Co. announce a th>rd
printing of the Pasadena edition of Helen
Hunt Jackson's "Ramona."
Ernest Thompson Seton was for many
years a naturalist connected with one of
the Canadian departments before he be
came a writer of fiction. His articles In
Scribner's. beginning with "The Wapiti"
In the January number, will, therefore,
contain the fruit of many years of careful
observation of the big game in this coun
try in Its native regions. Each of the ar
ticles will be illustrated with drawings by
the author.
Considering the general similarity in
daintiness and completeness of plot be
tween Booth Tarkington's "Beautiful
Lady" and his "Monsieur Beauc&ire" and
remembering the success of "Beaucaire,"'
as dramatized for Richard Mansfield, it
ts interesting to hear that Mr*. Genevelve
G Haines has secured from Mr. Tarking
ton the right to dramatize the "Beautiful
Lady."
Before God's footstool, to. confess,
A poor soul knelt, and bowed his head.
"I failed!" he cried. The Master said:
"Thou didst thy b«st— that is success!"
—Henry Coyle in Success Magazine.
CONTEST COMPROMISED.— The contest of
the will of the late Uewellyn Davies, . insti
tuted by Eliza Thorrold, • fiarah Sinclair and
Rom Richards, has ' been compromised. The
contestant* accepted J2TSO In full s*ttl«nent
of U>eir claims.
THE/SAN FRANGISGO CALIi;: THURSDAY; -DECEMBER 28, 1905.
STARTS FIGHT
FOR RAILROAD
Corporation Averse to Sur
rendering Geary 3 Street
Line to the 3liinicipaiity
SUES FOR INJUNCTION
Asserts That Steps Taken
by Officials Are Contrary
to the. Legal Provisions
Determined, to prevent, if possible, the
acquisition of the Geary-street Railway
by the! municipality, the stockholders of
the corporation now operating the line
havo Joined in an assault upon the legal
ity of the procedure of the: Board : of
Supervisors through which ' the will "of a
majority of the people of the city was to
be accomplished. ; .
Suit to perpetually ' enjoin the officials
of the municipality from expending any
portion of the sum of $350,000 • set aside
in tho budget for the acquisition of the
road was filed yesterday by the stock
holders, who are represented as plaintiff
in the suit by Isaac Straesburger, who
pleads that bis interest, as a taxpayer,
in the proper expenditure of municipal
funds has spurred him to tha action
taken. No financial Interest in the fate of
the corporation that passes into history
with the acquisition by the city of the
road Is admitted by the nominal plaintiff,
but to defend his rights as a taxpayer
he has called to his aid John Garber, the
latter* s partners, Ctesswell & Garber,
George W. Lane and J. D. Lederman. '
PURPOSE OF ACTION.
While the validity of the entire scheme
for the acquisition of the Geary-street
road by the municipality Is attacked in
the suit, the immediate purpose of the
action in to prevent the purchase of. the
proposed site for the new power-house at
Geary and Baker streets, the deeds ; to
which were to have been delivered yes
terday. In consequence the deeds were
not delivered. Clerk Fay of the Board of
Supervisors and Auditor Baehr f earing r to.
order the Treasurer to pay the demand of
the owner, notwithstanding tha fact that'
Superior Judge Sloss refused to issue a
temporary restraining order prohibiting'
them from so doing, though such an order
was earnestly prayed for by. counsel rep
resenting the plaintiff. Judge Sloss stated
that h9 would not stay the hands of the
officials in so important a proceeding, un
less proper showing in support of the
petition were made, and he set the case
for hearing on the 12th tilt, at 10 o'clock,
at which time he will determine whether
or not an injunction should issue to re
main in force pending the linal adjudica
tion of the case at bar.
The main contention against the legality
of the proceedings is that while a fair
estimate of the cost of the whole of the
Geary-street road and necessary accesso
ries is $1,000,000 the Board of Supervisors
has provided for the expenditure in the
budget under consideration of but $350,000
for the purpose.
PI.AIXTIFF'S CONTENTION.
"By the expenditure of $360,000," says the
plaintiff, "not more than one-third of the
road can possibly be acquired, which said
one-third will be valueless in itself." Con
tinuing plaintiff says:
Neither the Board of \u25a0 Supervisors nor .the
city and county of San ~ Francisco Intends to
nor will let contracts for nor will attempt
in any manner to acquire the publio utility in
question or any portion " thereof ' in excess of
the sum of $350,000 In value, being about one
third of the fubllc utility.
'At no time herein mentioned have there
beer, nor are there now any funds or -money
of the city and county whatsoever which could
or can be lawfully appropriated In whole or
In part for the acquisition of the public
utility In question. No attempt of any char
acter has been made by the defendants to ob
tain, acquire or render available any sum
of money tor the purpose of applying the same
to the acquisition or the construction or com
pletion of the public utility named, < save and
except ' the said alleged budget appropriation
of $350,000.
In conclusion the plaintiff asserts
that unless restrained the Board of Su
pervisors and the Auditor will illegally
order the expenditure of the $350,000
budget appropriation for the futile pur
chase of but one-third of the road and
that unless they are perpetually re
strained from so doing. the plaintiff and
all other taxpayers of the city and
county will be unjustly and illegally
burdened and will suffer to see 1 the de
parture from the municipal treasury
of $350,000, for which there will be no
adequate return.
ASKS FOR OPINION.
Immediately upon being served with
the summons in the suit filed by Strass
burger, Clerk Fay of the Board of Su
pervisors transmitted to City Attorney
Long the following communication, re
questing the latter official to defend the
city in the suit:
I begr leave to transmit to you, with the
request that you take such action as may be
necessary to preserve . the rights of the city
and county of San Francisco in, the premises,
a copy of the summons and complaint this
day served upon me In action entitled "Isaac
Strassburger et al. vs. City and County of
San Francisco et a 1.," No. 99,624, . Superior
Court records, said action involving the legality
of expenditures made out of the appropriation
set aside In the budget of the fiscal year
1905-1806 for the construction of the Geary
Street Railroad, and also an . order addressed
to defendants in said action to appear on Fri
day January 12. 190 C, at the hour of ; 10
a. m., before the Hon. M. C.Slosti, Judge of
the Superior Court, department Xo. 8, and
show cause why an Injunction pendente lite
should not lswie enjoining and restraining
further expenditures from said appropriation.
deeds are: refused/
Mrs. E. M. Cutler appeared at he Au
ditor's office, prepared to hand over the
deed to the lot at the northeast corner
of Geary and Baker streets as part of
the site for the proposed municipal
Geary-street , road power-house. She
asked for her. demand :in the .sum of
$15,167 13 in return for the deed, but
was informed that it was in the hands
of Mayor Bchmitz, to whom It was sent
on December 20. The Mayor has until
Saturday to sign the demand, but Audi
tor Baehr stated that even if his Honor
does bo he, Baehr, .will not audit ; the
demands. Baehr says he will protect
himself and his bondsmen, despite the
fact that ; the clause - specifically:- re
straining: him an J the other defendants
from '\u25a0\u25a0 paying : out any moneys :; for the
Geary-BtreetroacL project was ruled out
by Judge Sloss. Baehr holds that the
order to show cause includes the pro
hibition to pay, out /any- moneys until
the case is disposed of. :
Later in the day, the Mayor said he
v - RVfjfJHgRD:
Baking Powder
Inibu^g^RUMFOßElKydu getithe most-Whqle-
some Baking Powder, and save: money too.
PVOt Wl t"rl C*OfTT I T) I I C*^lt"Gcl 2L oo3.l*3* t"llS
her own home. How she can SjJt^k
know whether butter is butter;
if milk is watered; if coffee has .
chicory in it; if her baking-i
powder is pure^etc/Told in <^^^U^^^//li ll\
THE- JA.NUA.KY ~ xs'l / /I I \
Last, Month's 'lssue 'of A Million'and Three Hundred i " -^J _| I
Thousand j. Copies ;vvas .Completely: Sold. Out ' / I fpfe
15 ! Cerits> on Every 3 News -Stand
THE CURTIS PUBLISHING COMPANY,' PHILADELPHIA .
PERSONALS.
A. W. Ballard, P. H. Bradbury, C. "W.
Jordan, R. G. Wallace and H. R. Coate
of Los Angeles are at the Palace.
C. "W. Cote, a prominent cattle man of
San Jose, is at the Palace.
P. S. Gardner, a mining man of Gold
field, and his wife are at the Palace.
A. Welnstock of Sacramento is at the
Palace. . -
British Vice Consul C. I*.* Fleischmann
of Guatemala, accompanied by Herbert
Apfel, is at the Palace.
G., W. Campbell, heavily interested in
mines at Nome, is at the Grand. ;
E. A. Warren, a merchant of Chico, and
his wife are at the LJck.
Arthur Holland, the retiring president
of the United Railroads, will be the guest
at a luncheon on Saturday given by. the
leading officials of the road.
Dr. J. Wilson Shiels and David Bush
will sail . for Tahiti to-day on the
steamship . Mariposa.
Frank B. Cooper of Seattle, J. H.
Ackerman of Salem, . Or., and i James
Foshay J. F. Millspaugh and A.- H.
Chamberlain of Los Angeles, all mem
bers of the executive committee of the
National Educational Association, are
registered at the St. Francis.
Callfornlann In Xew York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— The follow
ing Californians have arrived In New
York:
From San Francisco — C. Basin and
wife.' at the Cadillac; L. A. Case, at
the Herald Sauare; H. B. Leeds and
wife, at the Belmont; Miss A. McNelll,
at the Pickwick. -
From Los Angeles — A. Campbell, at
the Grand Union;E. H. Cook, at the
Afetor; House; iS. :s.^ Lightfoot, at the
St. George.
May Not Consider Klndericnrtens.
. The Supreme Court handed down an
opinion yesterday sustaining 1 Superin
tendent of Public Instruction Kirk in
his refusal to consider. In making the
financial apportionment, the attend
ance at the kindergarten schools of
children between the agres of four and
five years. The. suit' was brought in
Lob Angeles, where the taking ac
count of kindergarten* pupils would
have materially raised the average of
daily attendance. The court holds that
only primary and grammar schools
must be taken into consideration ,by
the State Superintendent.
Fountain Pens.
-You talco no chance* when you buy a "Wa
terman." "Conklln" self-filling or a "Mar
shall" fountain pen except the chance of get
ting more for your money than you naturally
expect. -A good pen fights half the battles of
the business man. Ever/ pen guaranteed; |1
to J5 each.' Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
MUST PAVE STREET. —City Attorney
Long yesterday advised the Board of Supervis
ors that both I the charter and ( ordinance No.
260 require the Santa F« Railway Company to
pave Illinois j street, between Fifteenth : and
Twenty-third, whene\«r the same is in condi
tion to . receive a cavern en t ; and to keep the
same • in ' repair. \u25a0 -The-: obligation lis dependent
upon the | proper grading or pert orrnane* of
such other antecedent work by the city as may
be necessary to bring the street to a condition
to - he : caved.
To ; Finish Floors and Woodwork
Use only "'FLOOR-SHINE'; EnamelsJ Oak,
Mahogany. Cherry, 'etc. Sold by Hale Bros.' •
would not sign the . demand of Mrs.
Cutler nor- that of Adolph" Meyer .for
52500, as the purchase price of anVad-
Jolning lot, because there 1« no money
available for the purpose. The' cost
estimate for the main- road la $341,000,
out of the appropriation of 1350,000,
leaving \u25a0$9000,.,0ut of which $8500 has
been paid to .Engineer J. C; Stut, who
prepared the plans for .the- road.- >\u25a0
Bohemians of the Mlaalon.
The,_Bohemlan Club of the Mission
last night Installed the officers, both
elected and appointed, who are to guide
the destinies of the club during the
coming year. John, F. Dempsey, the
president, conducted the ceremony and
was assisted by Vice President James
W. Riley and Frank A. Lycett. Charles
H. Taylor, recently appointed a detec
tive sergeant, was presented with a
gold star. The Mission Quartet sang
appropriate selections and the mem
bers later visited a downtown restau
rant, where a spread was enjoyed.
Amnttun Give Performance.
The pupils of the Paul Gerson School
of Acting were seen last night In the
three-act farce, entitled "The Arabian
Nights." The best performance by far
was given by Miss Hazel Tharsing in
the difficult role of Rosa Columbier.
The rest of the cast was acceptable.
The performance was given under the
auspices of the Native Sons' literary
and social committee and was well at
tended.
CARPENTERS' TOOLS STOLEN.-J. K.
Ryan was arrested last nleht . and booked at
the Seventeenth-street station on a charge of
stealing valuable tools from a Folsom-street
building yesterday afternoon. •
1 What better testimonial do
you want, V than, tho words of tho
mothers, who have used Mellin's Food
for their babies? Ask any mother, who
. has raised her baby on Mellin's Focil. and see '
if she is not more than pleased. If it is not
' convenient to do that, write us and we will
•end you copies of their letters. We may :
, ' have some from your town, for we have them
from all over the United States. Send for a
free sample of Mellin's Food for your baby.
ThtONLY Infanta' Food receiving
the GRAND PRIZE at St. Unit. 1904.
Gold Medal, Highest Award,
Portland, Ore. 1905.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
THE PALACE HOTEL for best booking.
THE PALACE HOTEL for quickest service.
THE PALACE MOTEL for fin«t mutic^ V
THE PALACE HOTEL for modem comforts
THE PALACE HOTEL for moderate rates.
\u25a0 --' \u25a0 AMPSEMEOTS. _ \u25a0
ACADEMY OF SCIENCES HALL
Market st. between Fourth and Fifth.
THE CALIFORNU PROMOTION COMMITTEES
v LECTURES ON : CALIFORNIA.
• Dally from 2 to 4 * p. m. (except Sunday).
Illustrated by Mujrnllicent ' Stereoytlcoii
Views' and; MoTlnjt Pictures.
Week Coromtnclnc DECEMBER. 20TH
STANISLAUS -.COUNTY
Presented by H. H. 1 Whttmore, from 2 to 2:30.
/ALAMEDA CITY
Presented by John \u25a0 H. • Hartog/ from 2 :30 . to 8.
' SAN JO AftUIX: COUNTY
Presented by; Cotvin B.'Browm,; from 3 to 3:30.
SANTA ': CLARA V COUA'TY.
| Presented- by M. ?1.- , Jdrdan. » from 3:30 to 4.
,". ADMISSION FREE.. /.
Racing]
California p^ -Gl
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK \u25a0•;
.-'Six or more % races', each week day. rain ot
•bine.'. Races commence at 2 p. m. sharp. Tak* j
street . cars - from ! any *. cart at \u25a0 the , city. ' Fur
•peclal. trains stopping at the track take 9. P. \u25a0
train at 3d and Townsend " sts. at 1 : 15 p. m, -.
ReturnlnK. train leaves track alter last race. .
: THOMAS H. WILX.IAMS. . Pre«id«nC- :
PEBCJW., TREAT, ;B«cr»tarr. .
-^AMU^MjENTS.
livery Evruins and Saturday Matinee.
America's Greatest Tragedienne,
In Maeterlinck's Dramatic Masterpiece,
MONNA VANNA
WHAT THE PRESS SAY:
TH£ CHRONICLE:
"A Powerful, Dramatic and Poetio Play."
THE CALL :
"Xo One Can Afford to Mlsa th« Play."
THE BULLETIN:
"A Good Play and Always Beautiful."
EVENING POST: ;
. "A Source of Infinite Delight."
Prices— 2s, SO, 75 cents and $1. Box seats
$1.50.
NOTE— Mr. Crane will give a performance
on Sunday, New Year's Eve. . ,
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
Matinee Saturday.
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAY.
CHARLES FROHMAN presents
In the farcical comedy.
The American Lord
Seats celling for all remaining performances.
Coming— LOUlS JAMES In "RICHELIEU,"
"VIRGINIUS," "THE MERCHANT OF VEN-
ICE" and "INGOMAR."
BUSH STREET •
CHAS. P. HALL.Prop.and Mgr. Phone Main 127
"THE nEST YET."—
MATINEES Every Tuesday. Friday, Saturday
and Sunday.
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW TEAR'S DAT.
The Renowned Extravaganza Company.
BROADWAY GAIETY GIRLS
In a Superb Extravaganza Produetton of
GLITTERING SYLVIA
Beauty Chorus, Gorgeous Costumes and Effect*.
AN ALL-STAR CAST.
Popular Prices^ — Even'gs. 15c. 25c, 35c. 50c. 75c.
All Reserved. Matinees. 25c; reserved.
• New Tear's Week— "THE JOLLY GIRLS."
ALCAZAR^Ira-
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SU^T.
"Electrified • Oldest Playxoera." — Call.
Gorgeous Spectacular Production of
Maik Twain's Famous 16th Century \u25a0 Romance,
The Prince and
the Pauper
Beautiful Scenery. Costumes and - Mu3lc. and
OLLIE COOPER In the Dual Role.
Eves., 25c to 75c: Mats.. Sat.", Sun.. 23c to 50c.
NEXT WEEK, with MONDAY MAT.— The
Universal Laugh "Provider,
A STRANGER IN A STRANGE LAND.
Cor of Eddy and Jones Sts. ' Phone East 1577.
BELASCO & MATER, Proprietors.
THIS EVENING AND ALL WEEK.
Matinees -\u25a0 Saturday and Sunday. -
: The World Renowned Champion,
808 FITZSIM MOMS
In Hal Reid's * Great Drama.
A FIGHT Ftfß LOVE
Special " Engagement . of the Olympic Chib ' Fa-
vorite and Amateur Champion Heavyweight '
— — SAM BERGER— —
Fltzslmmons and Bergrer Appear. ln Every. Act."
Prices^ — Evenings. 10c to 50c. Matlnses, 10c.
15c." 25c." - •\u25a0 r - -
.Next— "The. Heart, of -Maryland."
Cl - 6 PATENTSI ;)
i ST.SIF.SSi^
. AMUSEMEyM.
TO-NIGHT— EVERT NIGHT
GRAND CHRISTMAS EXTRAVAGANZA.
ORPHEUS v HADES
REAPPEARANCE OF TEDDY WEBB. '
A TREAT FOR "CHILDREN OF ALL AGES"
ResraUr Matinee Saturday.
BPECIAL MATINEE NEW TEAR'S DAT.
PRICES— 2Sc. 50c. 75c.
NEXT SUNDAT MATINEE,
La3t Appearance of
ALICE NIELSEN
Donizetti's Cbar-.^inu Opera.
DON PASfiUALE
Seats. |2.00. $1.50. Jl.OO and 50c— Now on Salt.
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW
Ye Colonial Septette: Merlan'i Doarsi
Jules and Ella Garrison % Edsar Blx-
lerj SlMters and Hrothers Ford: WU
nona Winter t Campbell and Jolmiont
Kloe* Sbters. and Orpbennt .Xotlon
I'ictnres.
Regular Matinees Every \u25a0Wednesday. Thursday.
. Saturday and Sunday.
SPECIAI, 3UTIXEE XEXV YEAR'S.
PRICES. 10c. 25c and sOc.
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
Bargain Matinee to-day, 25c everywhere.
Becocd Biff Week and Farewell Performances of
THE NEILLS
In the Stupendous and Unrivaled Success,
IFIWEREKING
The Triumph of the Season.
Only Time In Stock. Never Before at Popular
Pric*».
Next Mon. Mat. — When We Were Twenty-One
With Miss Amelia Gardner. t
Evenings — 25c. 50c. 75c. Sat. Mat. — 25c. 50c.
Bargain Mats. Thurs. and Sun.. 23c everywnsr*
ncwCENTRAL
Tel. Souta 918. Direction of H. W. BISHOP.
EVERT NIGHT THIS WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
The Thrtlllnx Dramatic Sensation,
THE EYE WITNESS
By Lincoln J. Carter.
The Talk of San Francisco.
A Veritable Stage Triumph.
SEE the Leaptnc Automobile.
SEE the Deep Water Dive and Rescue.
The Acme of Stage Realism.
Next We«k— "BT RIGHT OF SWORD."
> Ralph Stuart' a Success.
POPULAR PRlCES— Evenings. i3c. 23c. 35c
and 50c. Sat. and Sun. Mats.. 15c and 25c.
. -_ __
Aftexnoona at S. Evenings at 9. N"o
' " Intermission*.
Bothwell Browne's Spectacular Musicai Bur-
lesque.
CLEOPATRA
ITP-TO-DATE.
TO-XIGHT— GaIa Amateur Performance
• Concluding With a -
ROPE-CHMBIXG CONTEST.
Open-air attraction— BAßNES* DIVING ELKS.
- ' ' • ;• \u25a0 - No Increase la Price*
ADM15510N. ..... .10c -1 CH1LDREN. .... .:50
Phone for Seats Pacific 301.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Bamiana ßitters
I* s" aTgreat restorative, invigoba-
tur and Nervine.,
1 The most wonderful aohrttdlalac and Soecial
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes. ,
The 'Mexican \u25a0 Remedy for Diseases 'of ta*
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merlta.
NABER, ALF9 & BRUNE. Aeenta,
-823 Market at.; S. F.-Wead for Circular.)
910
TnF THF WANT ADV ERT ISE ME NTS YO U*
JOHN P. SPRECKELS. . . .Proprietor
Address CommunlcaUcns to
JOILV SIcXAUGHT:. \u25a0 Manager
AY. J. 3IARTIX Business Manager
~ TELEPHONE.
h^nS^:::^ St *™™ s » 5
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week. 73
Cts. Per Mor.th. Single Copies '<*%—_
Term* by Mall. Inc'.uoing Postage (Cash With
Order) : _ «« ofl
DAILY CALL (includ. Su°<Jay), I m^ ar ' "T6o
DAILY CALL (includ. Sund«y) 6 mot..- *-w
I'AILY CALL— By Single Month
BUXDAY CALL. 1 Year ;v
CALL 1 Year ....^..-^•-^^
FOREIGN /gf&.VTS Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \we«s>.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS. -
6«rrple Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested. .
Mail subscribers in ordering C^5,X YEW
\u25a0drew should b« particular to give »*»?»£*":
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to tawre *
prompt and correct compliance with tnelr r«-
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
1455 Part Street. Near Santa Csar* Av.nu*.
Phone Alanacda 059.
f <• — \u25a0
BERKELEY OFFICE.
1148 Center Street Telephone Norta 77
\ . WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
M. E. CRANE 140G G Street. N. W .
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. ,, B E?° tt * liOk ._*i
Vnion Square; Murray Hi!l Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel anJ Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: *
" merman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Treinont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmtr House.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building
"(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2813. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
. >rner 'Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night tn the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
O IOCS Mar&ct street, oposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
81* jSontgcmery aye.; open until 9 p.m.
000 Hayes street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street ; open until 8:30 p. m.
tiji Lsrkin street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
ISMI Slission street; cv*n until 10 p. ra.
Jo<s Eleventh street; op#v until 9 p. m.
306 Valencia street; open until « p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
<>l>en until i) d. m.
C2>J) Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
<3J4 J street, near Ocean Boulevard: open
until 9 p- m.
MEETING NOTICES.
SAX FRANCISCO Bodies, A. and A. S. ._.
R*, Masonic Temple— THlS (THURS- )f
DAY) EVENING, December 2S. 1900, A
at b o'clock. Ordinarj- business in M§_>
the lodge and chapter, and Installation • '"
of olficers In the Council and Consistory.
• HENRY BURNER, Secretary.
MfrPION Lodge No. IG9, F. and A. M.
*>;?icers and members are hereby noti- "vVf
f.ed to attend the funerai of our <ie- /yfS
reaped brother. MILBURN HILL
LOGAN irom the hall of this lodge THURS-
J»AY AJTERXOOX et 1 o'clock. By order
ef the W. M. R. K. ALLAX. gecretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O. O.
:' MeiTib- r« are requested to as-:^^g^^fc
-••:::l.;~ at Mission Masonic
pie. Mission St., n*ar Twenty-
second, TO-DAY (THURSDAY) at 1:30
p. m. to attend the funeral of our lete
b.cther, DR. M. H. LOGAN.
JOSEPH GRAY JR-, N. G.
J. GIROD, Secretary.
V*«"ITV Lcdse No. el. Knlehts of -^S
Pv.hia^ meets EVERY THURS- V^Jw'
DAY EVENING at ~0 Golden Gate ;_£&
live. All brother Knights invited. _g23%
JOHN ROBERTSON. C. C.
S. V.". GATES. K. of R. and S.
JESSIE MACLACHLAN. the Scot- -*>
tifh prima derma. assisted by _£ga
J ::: McLlnden, the eminent cello J&-*3t(ll
virtuoso, and Robert Buchanan. Tfc^^
•>010 pianist ar.d conductor, under .f*\
the' aufpices of Clan Fxat^r No. *^ j
TS O. S. C. Native Sens' HaJl, 414 Mason
, St.. Tin'P.SDAY. Dec. 28. Change or pro-
Kiemme Tliursday night. Admission sOc. re-
fei-rvcd seats »1. COMMITTEE.
ABRAHAM Lincoln Council No. 2. t! IK _
Jr. O U. A. M., Shasta Hall. 24 \u25a0 /^|
Fourth st— lnitiations TO-NIGHT. /k(Tiif^
Visiting broth-ers welcome. JC^E-*3r
WILLIAM K. BOUTON. R. S.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle " •-
Club mteis THIS (THURSDAY) 5\ »a-7
EVENING in I'YateTOlty Hall, 32 ~_vX_sr
'CFarrell st.. at S o'clock. Smokei
*t S:3O. Members will receive their tickets
for Hogmanay party.
GliOP-GE W. PATERSON, Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE^ Recorder.
ANNUAL meeting. — Notice is hereby given
that the seventeenth annual meeting of the
stockholders of ths San Francisco and Oak-
land Mutual Loan Association will be held
at. Ihe office of the corporation, 460 Mont-
p.imerv street. San Francisco. WEDNES-
DAY "January 3. 1306, at 2 o'clock p. m.,
for the purpose o' electing directors for the
•^riEuinE year, presentation of the seventeenth
annual report, and the transaction of such
<v.her business as may come twfore the meet-
Jcs. Books are now open for subscription to
10C0 shares of etock of th<? eighteenth series.
Ey order of the board cf directors.
A. SBARBORO, Secretary.
THE annual meeting cf the stockholders of
Wells, Farco Nevada National Bank of San
Francisco. Cal.. will be held at Its banking-
s' cus* SOI Montgomery ftt.. San Francisco.
Cal.. en TCESDAY. January 9. 1908, at 3:l*
p. tn., for the election of directors to serve
during the ensuing year, and for the trans-
action gX such other business as may come
be^cre the meeting. \
F. L. LIPMAN. Secretary .
CHEAPEST and best in Anwrlca — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United State* cr Canada ere year for $1.
ATTORXEVS-AT-L AW.
I>IVORCE: costs. $12: quick, quiet; advice free;
no fee in advance; no charge unlecs success-
ful: open evnge; wills. deea«. leases, bills of
t*.le and articles of copartnership; corpora-
tions organised .'bankruptcy; collections; pro-
batlrg cf estates. 827 Market, r. $01.
R. W. KING, Attcrney-at-Law. Exam, bldg..
«th floor, entrance room fill; established 20
years: all courts, generfcl courts and office
practice; no fee In advance or for congulta-
Uon; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free; legal divorce costs $12; all law
cafes r-an<Jl«l; no fee in advance; open Sat-
urday evenings; other evenings by appoint-
ment; call and save money. 819 Mkt.. r. 33.
COLUMBIAN Law end Col. Ag.. r. 85. 916
Market, opp. Emporium; teL Montgy. 1310;
legal matters and collections; old established.
M. L. RYAN. Atty-at-Law. IHS Market, opp.
Kales'; courts; agvlce; collections; open evgs.
L. S. CLARK. P27 Market, room 302. consulU-
tlon free; no fee In advance. Open evenings.
DETECTIVES. '
ALL kinds of cases handled; business strictly
confidential: charges' reasonable.
GO4 Montgomery Et.. room 20*.
ACCOUXTAA'TS. _^
ACCOUNTANT'S services. $10 and upward per
month; includes keeping your books; examin-
ations ard financial statements msde; private
inetruc. bookkeeping, etc. 809 Market, rm. €3.
__' AUTOMOBILES.
FOR eale — 20-22 horsepower, 4 -cylinder, '04
model, beet American car. good order, at bar-
gain; have ordered new car. of greater power
Is only reason for 'selling. N. F. Preesey
Auto Liver)', cor. Van Ness and Golden Gate.
18CC UODEL Compounds arrived; prize-win-
ner in 700-mile economy test; 'demonstrations
day, night. 8. T. Auto Co.. Inc.. 416 Ninth.
FOR sale— A fine steam automobile Model '04;
fine running order. Box 2662. Call office.
CADILLAC automobile for rale, $600; good run-
ning order.- Box/ 2762, Call office.
ADVERTISING. ' '
JEAN CA££INA, ad writing, . catalogues; cir-
culars, programmei, cards. Room 28, Au-
xerais building'
BUSINESS - CHta.
A-$1SOO; RESTAURANT and cbophous/ near
Kearny and Montgomery; rent $46; monthly
Kales $1000: cauee of sala. owner to retire.
Particulars R?O- WILKE.- 26* K.amy st
A— sooo- HALF interest In coffee and tea store;
choicest location in the Mission; rent^ $22 60;
owner engaged in other enterprise 1 only cause
of disposing. Call . R. . O. WILKB. -6H
Kearn y st. \u25a0 . \u25a0 ' • ' "
A— ssso- RESTAURANT; . established many
Tears:" clears $160 per month; rent $25 ;^ lo-
cation the very best: owntTjKlahea to go^to
Europe cause of sale. R. G. WILKB. -6H
Keartiy st. \u25a0
"A— J45O- WOOD and coal yard, south of Mar-
ket; rent $20; leas«; 2 horses, a wagons;
death in family only cause of sale. -K. v.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— s9so; BALOON on water front, opp. '«ry
building; net r.nt $60. Call H. G. WILKS.
26H Kearn y st. '
A $1400; OTSTER and chop house close to
Market and Fourth sts. ; rent $50: daily r«-
cepts $40; well established: good business.
Cs-Il R. Q. WILKE. 26t4 Kearny st. >
A— s2oo- <X)RNER cigar stand; close to Palace
Hotel;" rent only $20; bargain. R G. WILKB.
26 H Kearny st.
A— sl6,ooo; CORNER saloon on Market St.,
close to First ; lease: one of the best placet
In this city. Particulars R, G. WILKB.
26H Kearny st.
A— s2soo; CORNER grocery and bar; near
German Hospital; place established years; a
good business; owner a widow: wants to go
to Germany. R. O. WILKB. 2*^ Kearny st.
PACIFIC REALTY COMPANY.
419-420 Grant building. Phone South 1070.
Seventh and Market sta.
GET FREB LISTS.
LARGEST. BEST. MOST RELIABLE.
Manufacturing— Rare chance for capable,
pushing business men; safe and profitable in-
vestments, with services.
Manufacturers' agent wants partner; desir-
able lines. - , r
Rare saloon bargains on Fourth. Third, Mc-
Allister and other arood streets.
Market-st. cigar stand snap: others on
Fourth and Sixth, etc. ; should see them.
From $300 to $1600 — Confections and notions.
All parts city— Restaurants and Dellcates-
YOUR CAPITAL FITTED FROM OUR LISTS,
PACIFIC REALTY COMPANY.
419-4^o Grant building. Phone South 1070.
WANTED— A partner with. Email amount of
cspital In a legitimate business proposition
with no chances to take but net large profits
en Investment; this is' not a get rich quick
*cheme. but a clean, respectable business;
will etand investigation. Particulars of box
3489. Call office.
FOR SALE— A nicely located hotel on one of
the best business streets In - San Francisco;
wrll patronized; paying pood profits: brijjK
building- fireproof; price $5000; small moaw
gage; If* you are a hotel-keeper you cm
make this place pay big. Address box 2761,
Cali office. -
FOR SALE— In Central California, a general
merchandise store with 10 acres In orchard,
R\ e-room house, horses, cows, wagons, farm-
ing and gardening utensils, windmill and
tankhouse; is nearly new and well built;
price $e5OO. Box 3407. Call office.
FOR SALE — In good country town tn Marln
County, general merchandise store, including
tinware, wlllowware. crockeryware and glass-
ware; will cell at invoice; rent $27 50 per
month. Further particulars of box 2650,
Call office.
TRIAL given before buying In light profitable
business; small capital required; a man will-
ing to take hold and make himself useful is
needed; must be satisfied with $25 to $35 a
week. Call to-day. 759 Market St.. room 11.
$500 WANTED — Partner In wholesale and re-
tail poultry business; poultry ranch. 4 hor6es
and wagon; partner to take In cash and at-
tend store. 618 Merchant St.. upstairs.
ROUTE for the San Francisco daily papers in
a rapidly growing suburban town for sale;
circulation will double in six months. Box
3941. Call. : - - ' : ' \u25a0\u25a0
WANTED — Steady man with $150 as partner;
genteel contracting business: work light,
pleasant and very profitable. AppIyJ3TAND-
ARD COMPANY. 131 Montgomery st.
$40C0 — SALOON and 18 rooms, furnished, for
sale on account of poor, health; a money
maker; must -be sold at once; make> offer.
Particulars at. 739 Market St.. room 11.-
FRUIT (store at great sacrifice; doing good
business • 3 living rooms in conectlon; good
location;' splendid opportunity - for man and
wife. Call at 151 Ninth st. \
STOCK companies incorporated: If you have
stocks cr bonds for sale offer them through
me to investors. GEORGE M. KELLOGG,
1 broker. 34S EWcctt square. Buffalo.
PARTNER wanted — In light manufacturing
business: owner in. business 33 years; very
easily learned; sure profit of $25 per week;
price $250. Information 618 Merchant Bt.
HAVE had experience in real estate business
and desire a partner to open place of busi-
ness; one with experience: a good rustler;
If Interested address box 2763. Call office.
FOR sale — On account of sickness, a delica-
tessen store in good location; four years'
lease at $30 per month; four living rooms;
will sell reasonable. Box 2779. Call office.
\u25a0WANTED — To purchase a ' stock of general
merchandise In Fresno or Ventura county ;
no limit t« size of stock: give full particu-
lars. Bex 3409. Call office.
WANTED— To connect myself with some per-
son in the produce and commission business
!r. San Francisco. Address with experience,
tox G4OS. Call office.
WILL sell big paying' retail business ;\ will not
sacrifice; If you are willing, to pay what It is
worth write; poor health.' Box 393. Chico, Cal.
BOOKS, stationery, notions, cigars, etc.: clean
stock, 3 nicely furnished rooms; cheap rent:
make offer. Pacific Business Assn.. 3 Taylor.
WANTED — To Invest In good, legitimate busl-
. ness proposition from $1000 to $2000. Ad-
dress box 2780. Call office. : v .; . •"
WANTED — A "stationery store with cigars and
tctacca attached: in a good location. Send
particulars to box 1607, Call office. ':.
TO investors — A good place -to open grocerr
business with bar desired. Full particulars.
box 2980. Call office. ; .
RESTAURANT for sale In Berkeley; near
railroad; good patronage; doing fine business.
Box 2962. Call office. \u25a0
CORNER saloon on Folsom st.. close In; good
l«-atlon: central; low price. Particulars of
box 1689. Call office. \u25a0 \u25a0 . .
WANTED— Capital to manufacture electrical
apparatus for physicians' use; splendid In-
vestment. , Box 2749, Call. -\u25a0-. . -
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
BARGAIN — Furnished rooming-house: " 12
rms.; full good tenants; rent $30. 968 Mission.
$200— CORNER cigar Htore. with laundry of-
fice; rent $10. 401 Third st.
RESTAURANT— For sale, cheap. 1583 Valen-
cia bt. " \u25a0
GROCERY and bar license; also liquor license.
Call cr add..-« to" 8 p.m.. 713 Central aye.
FOR SALE— Lunch counter business. 627 San-
some st/ Cheap.
SALOON on corner; snap. Box 3933. Call.
INVENTORS working on steam turbine want
help. by capitalist. Box 4514, Call.
MAN to drive laundry wagon: $65 per month
i or commission; $.400 required. 3372. Mission.
$enOO — FIRST-CLASS downtown corner saloon
for sale. Inquire F. KOMENT, 320 Bush st.
NEAT chophouse, close to big car barn, .. for
sale; rent $20.' Inquire 1228 Fillmore at.*
RPSTAURANT for Bale at once. 133 East st.
$125— A SNAP; good paying delicatessen store
for «ale; 2 living rms.; rent $15. 1342 Larkln.
FOR SALE — The whols or half Interest in a
Job printing establishment. Box 2678. Call.
WANTED — To buy a saloon; state location.
\u25a080x '.2681, Call office.
CANDT^and Ice cream parlors. for sale; cen-
tral lacatlon. .Box 29T8, Call office. ..
$50 CAPITAL wins $12 daily; positive proof.
BLAIR. 935 Market st.. room 1. ,
GOOD Call rout* for sale. Apply at Call
efflcs. . ,\u25a0.--.-..\u25a0\u25a0 .
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
BOOKKEEPCVG. .
LET us keep yoer book* ; nothing, too large,
nothing too tmall; we make a - specialty \u25a0of
keeping small sets of books. ,
THE FAXON-JAMES AUDIT CO .
Tel. South 920. 511-12-13 Callaghan building.
• CURE FOR RUPTURE.
NO hleh-priced. palnleas (?) treatments to
cure Rupture; % simply wear \u25a0> - Dr.-* Pierces
Truss, and Jt will do the work! Bold 30
' years : thousands ' cured. : Call or address
ELECTRIC TRUSS CO.. 206 : Kearny tt.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenant* ejected 'for $4; collections made;
city \u25a0or - country.' Pacific > Collection : Co., 413
McctgometT st.,; rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 55&0.
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. DECEMBER -28,. ; 1905.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— BALDWIN REALTY CO.; i
Tel. John 4496. 906 Market, rms. 6 and 6A.
For sale or. exchange— -Rooming-houses,
Apartment-Houses, City and Country Property.
A Little Cash. \ We Loan the ; Balance.
MARION ; GRIFFIN,"
•70 Market st.. room Bul. eighth floor.
ROOMING-HOUSES and REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE AND EXCHANGE. FREE LI»T.
FISHER & r C0. . . .... ; .Phone Main 8354
Room 438 James Flood building..
Furnished rooming-houses. ; hotels and flats.
LODGING house for eale on Ellis St.; close
In; 25 rooms; price \u25a0 reasonable. y Box 2778,
Call office. '-\u25a0"...-\u25a0 .
LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— A lodging bouse about 25 or 30
rooms; will pay part <-\ash, balance in lnstall-
mentß. Box 2968, . Call office. -.•-\u25a0..'\u25a0".,- .
_™~^.
AA— PROF. NIBLO,
ASTRAL DEAD-TRANCE- CLAIRVOYANT.
MY $5 COM PLETE LIFE READING $1.
I dp hereby uolemnly agree and tjuarantee to
make no charge If I fall to call you by name in
full, name* of your friends/ enemies or rivals.
I promise to tell . you whether your h—band.
wlft or sweetheart is true or - false;, tell I you
how to jaln ths lov« of. the one you most de-
stre, even though miles away; how to succeed.
to business,-^speculation, -lawsuits; .how: to
marry the one of your choice; how to retrain
youth, health and vitality; removes evil Influ-
ences, cures • drink : habit, locates treasures,
cures nervous diseases. -^.*
How-can I have Rood luck?
How can I succeed In business?
How can I make my homo happy ?
How can I marry the one I choose T \u25a0
How soon can I marry?
How can I make any one; love me?
How soon will my. lover propose?
How can I get a goodDoaition? -
How can I remove bad influences? j
How can I control any one? .
How can I hold my husband's love?
How can I keen my wife's love?
HOURS 10 TO BDAILY AND SUNDAY..
411 A ELLIS ST.. NEAR JONES.
Permanently . located in his own home.
* PROF. NIBLO. '\u25a0\u25a0-'•
A— MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis St.
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, can be consulted on
nil affairs of life; Miss Wille guarantees an
honest, reliable, satisfactory reading: reveals
the past:' gives correct forecast of your fu-
ture: advises you on important nfTairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gU-es the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading, $1; hours
10-8 p. m. ; French, German, English spoken.
_____ \u25a0- , \u25a0 .-
THE EGYPTIAN CLAIRVOYANT AND
PALMIST.
Permanently .located at 1101 Market St., ,
rooms 9 and' lo, cor. Turk (V«ndome): pri-
vate readings dally. 10 a. m. " to 5 p. m.;
.'{ questions answeied. $1; full life, $5.
LINCOLN.
Clairvoyant and psychic; the oldest and , best
known . clairvoyant In San . Francisco. Re-
opened at The Health, 312 Eddy st. Hours 10
to 3. \u25a0- Readings by mail; $2. \u25a0 —
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. and palm.,
has 9Bcond sight: a wonderful prophetess; L.,
50c: G.,.51. 1035 Fillmore, nr. , McAllister.
MME. KRONENBERG. clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist; when others fall try me; good
reading 25c; no sign. 102Vj 6th. nr. Mission. \u25a0
Miss Melbourne, clairvoyant, palmist, mystic
card reader: iruarantees satiefac. 1228 Markt.
SEND -date of.-, birth" and -2 stamps for a pen
picture of your life. H. HILL, 120 Sutter st.
MRS. ' SHAFFER, permanently j located at 558
Stevenson at. ; hours 9* to 9;. open Sundays, i
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pases, sent to any. address in the
United States or Canada one. year for $1.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. • 1200. Market, r. 10. Gait House.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-nigrht, 10c. 975
McAllister; readings dally. 1269 McAllister.
MRS. E. J. WILLIAMS, spiritual adviser, has
no equal in city. , 110, Sixth St.. room 8.
MRS. LESTER'S circles 8 p. m..' except Thurs..
10c; read, dally; mines a specialty. 95 Sixth.
CASSINO. wonderrul gifted healing- medium,
cures hopeless cases quickly. 110 6th St., r. 6.
CABPET-BE ; ATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process -used
for cleaning carpets on floor without -removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Company, 308 Market
st. ; phone Main IXI and : Bush 479. .'.-. \
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet Beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama Bt. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN CarpeK Cleaning Works, .1809 Har-
rlson at.; Al cleaning, 3c. Phone Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA'Carpet Cleaning Co.. J. McQueen
proprietor. 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394, GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
MITCHELL' S, - 240 Fourteenth I st. — First-class
carpet cleaning. 8c yard. Tel. Mission 74.:
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at.; tel.MUslon 2C3.
-. ';\u25a0\u25a0)' LAUJVDRIES. _
JAPANESE laundry i and dry cleaning . work.
2122 FlUmcre st.;.tel. Geary 2053.
de2vtists.
dlrexler^painless denta£~companyT
Perfect, painless dentistry at prices.
Fudd set of teeth, $2; silver fillings-, 25c; gold
fillings, $1; gold crowns. $3; bridge work. $3.
1104 Market St.. corner Turk.
# A NEW -plate— The Whalebone — Cannot break;
' warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;-
plates. $5; full Bet; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental^ Parlors, ' 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, near 11th—
No charge for • extracting : when plates . are
made: old plates made -over -like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
LOWEST prices in 8. F. ; painless extraction,
50c New York Dentlste, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings ' 75c; silver, 35c; crowns,* $2, no
pain; op. Sun. Dr.A.C.He-wltt.lOt% Grant ay.
DRES^M ; AKERSjAXD SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION knife and sunburst pleating; em-
broidery, hemstitching, tucking; buttons and
button holes made at- Stewart's Lining and
Trimming Store, 14-16 Taylor St.; phone
East 4535. --. '
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Eve, c^ass; patterns cut. 1190 Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
A: CHANCE for every young man to Improve
isftellectually; brains lc money; you may in-
crease your salary \u25a0 by. Increasing your earn- I
Ing power; the Young Men's Christian Asso- ;
elation conducts.- 1 the "most- complete system
of night schools in the country; 82,000 stu- •]
dents enrolled; San Francisco Association
/ building,- NE. cor. Mason and Ellis sts..- of--
fers exceptional- facilities for a business and
commercial education; if you have only ona
hour a day to devote to study, give us a
chance ; to help you; every branch taught
from the fifth grade to - preparation for the
. university; business . course . a specialty; the
day classes are . open to all men; the night
classes are a great convenience. Rolla V.
Watt, president ; H. J. McCoy, • general secre-
tary. Send for, descriptive; catalogue: to iE.'
E. . ESDON. : Director of Education. Associa-
tlon building. . > - j - . .L:. L : : *
A— THE Lyceum, i. an excellent ; . preparatory
school for university, law and ; medical col- :
leges; we prepared hundreds of students suc-
cessfully and f. we ; shall prepare ? you; ;* day, :
evenln g , session : ;' references Pres Id ent Jordan
or any Stanford professor. .building. \u25a0\u25a0'..
A—THE-:A — THE '-: Osborn : Conservatory of Music and
- Store-.i 6000-puplls; Steinway. Hair.bldg.,'- 223
Sutter St.? S. , F. ; 1069 - Broadway, Oakland ;
" 612 S..: Broadway, « Los- Angeles; "pianos/ har-
mony, vocal, stringed: instruments; also brass
Instruments :- free to \u25a0 beginners. ?\u25a0 \u25a0
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUS.COL.. 933 Market,
conducted . by \u25a0 Robert ';• F.s Gallagher." expert
court reporter, holds. world's record. for short-
hand ' writing; '\u25a0 successful^ : himself,- will make
; you so; thorthand." typing.- bookpg. Catalogue.
ALL j who desire - good : : position *'- should i attend
\u25a0 this' college;-: we have had 1250 good places
since March 1.: ? San - Francisco Business Col-;
: : lege. 738 Mission st. : \u25a0.. : \u25a0>\u25a0 . <;•>: '
HF.ALD'S BUSINESS \u25a0 COLLEGE.- 24 Post" st.
Established 1803;. largest in;theiWest:annuals
• enrollment 1000: : send ; , for circular. \
DANCING, both adult *, and -'chydren'si classes,;:
• now. open at : Hinman's > School :, of -• Dancing, <
; 1412 Polk sC.'nr. California; phone East 2126.;
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, "24
Poafßt..' S." F.jdvll.'* mining,* electrical, ; steam
\u25a0and gas engineering.; Send for -prospectus. 'V-~
BOOKKEEPING, > Eng., - math., etc., 1 day * and
eve. ; individual lnstr.^ 805 : Larkln ; st. • : Prof.
I. T." A. Robinson, formerly ! pres. j Pao. Bus." Col. L
ENGINEERING-^-Clvii; elec./ mln./mech.,; sur-
. vey.' assay, \u25a0 cyanide ; • day;; eve ; : est." 1864. \u25a0£ Vaa '
der NallUn School. 'll3; Fulton.lnr.« City Hall.
A— METRO POL'ITAN-ColifOrnia-Students join-
ed.- Business. : Stenographic* 925 ; Golden j Gate.'!
IRVING Institute, 'school ; for girls," 2126 Cal. St.
Easter term: begins' Monday," Jan. ,7, 1006. : ; :
EDIJCATIONAL^— Conttnnf d. \ \u25a0';,_ v
A : special : class preparatory to teachers','*. exara-
lnatlons or State nor, schls. 333 Phelan bldg.
SCHOOL' OF ILLUSTRATION— ———Day Tnd
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night classes.
AN up-to-date \u25a0- Japanese-Chinese : emp. office;
furnishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H." KIODA. \u25a0 405 ,' Post * st. : : ' tel. V James : 501. . ?
STAR Employment r Office— Reliable Japanese
and Chinese > help .- furnished .with care. W.
KADOTA. 409 Powell at. : tel. : Main 1751.
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese- .Employment ) Office
, promptly iurnlshes. all- kinds -of reliable :br,lp.
| George | Sakauye, \u25a0 421', Post st. ; tel." Bush 135.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton , st. : i tel. - Bush , 859.
AN old \u25a0 astab. ; (1850) Chinese emp. office. C.
CHON'G'S, removed to 518 Plne;tel. Grant 156
H. W. HONG,- 1113A Clay St.; Chinese employ-
ment office: .best ..help.' ; .Tel.',;, East '426. :
Finest Japanese help; Louse.-cleanir<jr "specialty;
Gco. R.Kuniabe. 343 Mason; tel. James 5261.
CHINESE and -Japanese help; estab.: 20 years. '
Tel. : Main 1997. BRA DLE V ; & CO., 640 Clay.
JAPANESE. Chinese help of all kinds furnish-;
ed; house-cleanlng..',7oBlTaylor; James 7636.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all. kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT. WASTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG woman and mother .want positions as
housekeeper for mlddle-ag«d: or elderly gen-
tleman; country preferred. Call> or address
696 Haight st. - ;\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0)\u25a0\u25a0-.\u25a0'. '\u25a0'-.- -"--.:" '
YOL'NG "woman, thoroughly \u25a0 experienced In
bookkeeping and ' office, desires ' temporary
work. Box 3939, Call. . ; : :
A RELIABLE girl wants situation at cooking
and general housewbrk;- wages $20. Apply
1030 Howard st. ' - .-'-• \u25a0..'•--.\u25a0•;\u25a0
SITUATION wanted by reliable Canadian
woman -In small family: good plain cook.
Call 1553 Ftlteenth St.. corner Capp. '.'\u25a0'--
DRESSMAKER— WiII go out by the day; hlgh-
class work ; best references. Phone East 3053.
A REFINED and cultured lady who' has had
long experience in the care and management,
of private boarding ' and ; apartment houses
is seeking an engagement as . manager "of
some flrst-class apartment- house; Is a careful |
and successful manager; -references ex- :
changed. For interview address MRS. ; A. T.y
3225 Geary at:
DRESSMAKER; Eton . jackets, tailored suits,
evening gowns and coats; work 'taken honn-;
up-to-date designs; fits guaranteed: satisfac-
tion given ; f e w , more engagements per dny
or week. 336- Polk at., near McAllister, top
flat. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 • -.-..- : . \u25a0:
• GERMAN woman: who 'is fine sewer or. .would
serve :' as Darlor: maid or waitress or. would
do cHamberwork ok sewing, desires position
in good' family/ Phone Main 5332. -
:AN exoerlencMi - fashionable "dressmaker
1 (French) would 'like, v/ork athome^or In pri-
vate families; very, best of references. Ad-
dregs 1253 Turk ; street. \u0084„- -
A GOOD end strictly reliable middle-aged wo-
man desires position to do general house-
work. . Call, or address 1110 Powell st., near
Washington. \u25a0 -
A STRICTLY reliable \ and competent young
woman would like Dlace to care for elck or
an invalid; -has-bost . of references. Call or
address 705 Ellis &t.. or phone East 9518.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman, thoroughly compa-
tent. would like position to" do light house-
work and cooking; wages $15 to $20 and car-
fare. Call or address 927 Washington st.
A- YOUNG and -refined German lady, lately
from the East, desires a position as a house-
keeper,- either in city or country. Call or
address p'M Mission st. \u0084
AN expert lady stenographer and typist, accu-
rate and rapid, desires either a' temporary or
permanent position. Address . P. O. box 734,
or phore East 2019 . / „
A COMPETENT woman would like any kind
of housework or washing and ironing by the
day. Address 111 Ninth St., or-phone How-
ard 2536. V
A -YOUNG, willing woman would- like a posi-
tion to do cooking and general housework.
Address or call 211 Twenty-seventh st.t up-
etalrs. . -: - .',:.\u25a0.\u25a0-? - ; ', \u25a0 ..
YOUNG woman, thoroughly j competent,- wishes
position to take care of sick of. an invalid;
will work by day or week; bestof references.
Address 705 Ellis. st.,, or. phone East 9518.
A: STRICTLY reliable - colored girl would like
a position b.b lady's maid, or would do light
' chamberwork or housework; -, no : -washing.
Phone East 9301. / ,
AN elderly ' lady would \u25a0 like a ' place in the
country where \u25a0 she \u25a0 could assist with i light
housework; small wages. Address MRS. M.,
522 Rltch st. - : :\u25a0'\u25a0 :'-."' '. ' : \'
MIDDLE-AGED. woman who Is good cook and
thorough housekeeper : would \u25a0 like a position
In a small family -of adults. Call at "B39
Minna st. \u25a0 . ''\u25a0-\u25a0 ';/'-.\u25a0' -. \u25a0 .-"•. -"•-
A COMPETENT and willing young woman
would like work in private houses, either
' washing or cleaning. Address or" call 315
Linden aye. " -
ENERGETIC Japanese woman would like place
in city- where she could learn any, kind of
work; is willing. 417 Jones st. ;. phone East
3615. :.• •\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 "\u25a0 ' \u25a0 ' -\u25a0\u25a0..-.' f-' : '\u25a0'
SCANDINAVIAN girl who is a good cook and
laundress desires - uosltlon. Addresa or call-
278 .Ninth St., •\u25a0• \u25a0• -". '. f- ' -.V--' _: ' ' -' .
AN .experienced dressmaker on evening gowns-
or stre-t habits would' like engagements for
this month. Pnono E^tst 9052. ; . \u25a0"-*.
YOUNG woman would like place to do down-
stairs work or cooking where assistant is
kept. Call or address 703 ; Stockton st.
COMPETENT reliable woman would like place
to cook for ' men or keep house ; has » good
... references. Call : at 974A\ Howard st.
A GOOD woman would like Vlace to do house-
work or waahlnK 1 and Ironing by the- day. :
Phone Howard ; 2536, ;or call 111 Ninth st. ,
A SKILLFUL first-class dressmaker on ex-
•" elusive designs would - like a few . more
patrons. Phone East 1 365.1. i"j /.
A AIIDDLE-AGKD lady \u25a0 who. • Is. strictly re-;
.liable and comoetent .would .; like a place ci
'housekeeper. : Call "or address 19 Powell st.;
AMERICAN woman wishes housekeeper's posi-
tion ur cookina;: neat and, reliable. Mrs. M.
11., 114 McAllister St., -flat. 6. . "
COMPETENT person wishes work by the day;
cooking, assist at parties or clean; Tel. How-
;. 'ard- £50." \u25a0'• '- • .-. .<-~ \u25a0 '.;>,,; , -'\u25a0\u25a0 ; ;.,..\u25a0\u25a0- ..
EXPERIENCED ''\u25a0 woman wants :\u25a0 work 1 a . few
: hours a day ; kitchen ; : boarding-house or no-
tel.'-Apply:3llH Jessie st.. In basement. r.'
YOUNG "woman would: like place, as .working
1 housekeeper in widower's family. 'Apply 458%
Minna st. \u0084:\u25a0-". '- \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0- .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0,>-;,\u25a0'.-:\u25a0.'\u25a0\u25a0,\u25a0-"-\u25a0'-\u25a0...-;
STT;NOGRAPHE:R- with 'ten -years'- experience
desires permanent position as bookkeeper and
to *do stenographic work. ".- Box 2760. + Call.
LADY ' who . Is strong " and i willing wishes posi-
tion to do 'cooking or. general housework In a
nice family. ~ Address 850 Market St., rm. 14.
YOUNG woman would j like ; to ; do [ work by the
, day : In private :•" houses \u25a0 or i- rooming .' houses:
'/': Address or. call i 161 1 Seventh \u25a0 «t. .: ':_\u25a0 - " • ; >
A" FIRST-CLASS cook would like a position in
J goo! American i family,: or. will i. assist- where
\u25a0'. extra help is needed, v Address L., 1505 Polk.'
DRESSMAKER " desires ' engagements %by th»
. day ; • accustomed \ to ' the J finest -. work ; ~ street
-and evening gowns." \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Phone East '36s3. ;,.".
A GOOD Japanese, girl would "like position to
do . general : housework in ' private : family. Call
IUI6 1 Howard, st. ;r phone ' Church 3660., v
YOUNG .woman \u25a0 wants work | by : day,*' washing,
':? cleaning; or ironing; $1* day." .Box -4840, Call.
A\ YOUNG; woman would like .work by. the day,'
,: cooking; or houKecleanlng.iV Apply.' 33l ; Minna. !
LAD Y ? who -is -neat ? and ;; quick > sewer ; desires
. sewing jby the ; day, "'.-: Phone Scott : 3416. - .
JAPANESE, cirl' wants -a "position; as school
girl. -> OGAWA. k 202.3 'Pine Bt;^ \u25a0 ..' \ , - „
': : : EMPLOYMENT^ WANTED^MALa^,
MIDDLB-AGED reliable man- wishes any light
: honorable employment;; inside -or outside; ex-.
• perienced as salesman and advertiser; willing
to engage for. small salary- for. the present In
any : simple . work ; \u25a0 ' references •: giveq. ' Box
.3040. Call office.'.- ,- -. . :\ , . .: ;
WANTED— Position .In s branch bakery, fdelica-:
: lessen' or : similar where : there; is , an
\u25a0 opportunity" tor learn '.the business; \u25a0\u25a0 small
.'•: wages.' Box 3935,;Ca11.-; - .. -: : : ; ;" ; ".
FIRST-CLASS : young : bookkeeper, .Al , refer-
ences. ;. desires ; position in % cityr or r country;
good j correspondent • and can use typewriter.
; Box :4519.i Call. -,:\u25a0 " : VV ; : ; - ••'.'. l '.\u25a0\u25a0'- :y ii'' ./,' '
POSITION .' wanted ' as \u25a0 indoor . or ' outdoor; sales •"
• man f : high-class references; bonds or security.
:;. Box- 3937.: Call; h:j;^;;; \u25a0\u25a0'.-' ,--.';. .;-.:,-v.^:.
ELEVATOR % man f with \ city; references .wishes
\u25a0 situation " in \u25a0 apartment-house ; Is - employed lin
", hoter now. •• Box 4842,'; Call -office. .-
A 1 RELIABLE * man I wants : situation f as % night
si watchman: references. l^. Address l;-B.';':203 3d."
IN i order Ito learn 1 £» | electrical ! trade ': a" young;;
> \u25a0 man : i of 22 : - will' 1 ' work for • a boy's ' wages.
; - 80c5943^ Call; office. :--V '-: , 1 /: \
At RELIABLE i man 3 wants * situation ! as i night
"watchman; references. V Address : I.'<: 8., '\u25a0, 205
; , Third et" ;\u25a0.';.\u25a0 \u25a0 . - .;/ : ' ::.'' - -. ' •'
EjJlPJLip^ME^fT^^
A" MIDDLE-AGED man *of sterling habits, re-.
; " liable, •: honest ; and • sober, \u25a0 desires engagement
v} for coming year as salesman or. collector with
'.' : i a . flrst-class * furniture house; -has had .7
\u25a0 . years' 1 experience •In the furniture business.
Address WM.-BTONE, general delivery, city.
YOUNG man. aged 23 years, residing with
\u25a0 parents. . desires : position as clerk ' or assist-
ant; wholesale house preferred; is a willing,
', faithful worker and' would give employer'his
r'i best } efforts; good references '\u25a0 if * desired. . Ad-
dreg^ : VH. 0..". 1616 A Turk et.
WANTED— Management •of orchard, vineyard
or stock \ ranch by a reliable \u25a0 man with 14
';'-\u25a0 years' exuerlence as foreman ' and superin-
tendent In " California; best references. Box
: 4810, Call of flee. -
A MIDDLE-AGED man, married, thoroughly
, familiar with all branches of ranch or or-
. chard . work, ' would . like position -to take
care of ' place; is handy with- tools. • Address
L.. COFFEE, 252 Guerrero^ st. '?
MAN.thoroughly experienced In all kinds of
agriculture, stock rai&lnpr, irrigation or grad-
ing land desires situation as superintendent;
has best of references.. Address F. M.
BEEBE, 475 Thirty-eighth st., Oakland.
A PAPERHANGER ; and f painter, . first-class,
quick, up-to-date mechanic, wants situation;
1 must have employment: ..will work for
$2 60 ncr day: city or country. Box 3948,
Call office. ;
WATCHMAKER, young man, would llk« posi-
tion anywhere :as * watchmaker's assistant;
\u25a0 has had experience at bench ; . also 9 months'
school experience In 1 East; has tools. JAS.
H. LEHMANN. 405 Geary st.
A ; BOY 18 years of age would like a place
In the country, where he could -work for his
board and go to school ; please address 101 8
Kansas st.. . San Francisco.* • "'
AN-experienced cutter on men's tailoring de-
sires a position in either city or country; has
first-class r : references. Call \u25a0 or address
TAILOR, 21 Powell st.. room 29.
SITUATION wanted; coachman, Scandinavian,
with - high class references, single, sobnr,
willing and reliable; 5 years last place Box
8934, Call office.
WANTED— Job on small dairy milking from
10 to 20 cows and general farmhand or but-
. ter-making creamery; experienced; refer-
ences. Box 4813, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants \u25a0 work as chore-
man; can milk and take care of "garden and
horses; no objection to country. Apply 1251
Park st., Alameda. • . •
A TRUSTWORTHY gentleman, aged 30 years.
'..would like position - with, business firm as
clerk or collector; will cheerfully furnish
bonds. Address R. L. P.. C Monroe st.
1 DANISH man wants situation .as i plain gar-
dener, , care ; of horses poultry; can milk;'
best of reference. Address ANDREW
JOHNSON. 331 Kearny st.. room 44;
A SOBER and industrious Dane, 40 years o£
age, desires housecleanlng and janitor work:
good references. Apply . or address 1629
Golden Gate aye. . - \u25a0
FIRST-CLASS young bookkeeper and general
office man, Al references, desires permanent
. position In city -or nearby town with firm
who appreciate ability. Box 2767. Call office.
SITUATION wanted; by traveling salesman;
: California territory; acquainted with general
trade; references; bond If necessary. Box
2766. Call office.
WANTED— A situation In a creamery by a
Canadian butter and cheese maker. Box
4837, Call office. - : '
YOUNG man desires situation as groom, sin-
gle-handed; best Eastern : references. Ap-
ply 2SS Connecticut st.
ELEVATOR man with city- references wishes
- situation in , apartment-house; Ms employed in
-' '\u25a0' hotel 'now. . Box 4512, Call office.
ELEVATOR man". With city references j wishes
situation In apartment house; Is employed In
hotel now. Box -4812. Call.' . .
COACHMAN or stableman by elderly* English-
man; good references. E. T., 3581 ' Sacra-
mento st. :: - ' \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
YOUNG man speaking several ' languages and |
of good add rers and appearance. is anxious to
obtain a position. Address G. A., 558 Steiner.
FIRST-CLASS steam and gaa fitter would like
position; no objection to country plncu.
'Phone -East '4481.-"°.
A GOOD bartender - would ' like city position; !
can give good references. Address D. H.,
1402-Eolk st. \u25a0''.-. . .-•\u25a0'•-- •
FIRST-CLASS electrician; willing to go out of
\u25a0x town.- < 80x. 2846. t CalL;' -\u0084:-.
INDUSTRIOUS young man wants work of any
. kind; reasonable- wages. : Box 8933, \u25a0 Ca11. .. v
YOUNG man would like, situation in grocery
store; experienced.:. Box \u25a0 2750, Call • office. . .
Al PAPER-HANGER and painter wants situa- '
tion; go anywhere if steady. Box 2736, Call, i
COOK and pastry- coon; best - reference. 1177
Howard st., room 14. : '
YOUNG Japanese of r.xperlence wishes position
as schoolboy or housework;: wages can b«
email; good place more desired; speaks good
English. Address 715 Sacramento St., ' or
*' phone Black 1871. . X . '
JAPANESE . boy who speaka good linglish
: desires position to do -general housework.
. Addrens JOE YAMA, 703 Larkln- st.,'- or phone
East 8770. \u25a0 . , \u25a0 : \u25a0
JAPANESE, flrst-class coos and also a fine
waiter, is desirous of obtaining a situation
in city. Address A. MATSUO, 315 Stockton
St.. or phone Main 51S8. • -
Japanese couple want situations in private
family: man as lst-elass fancy cook & wife
\'as waitress, housework; with 5 rets.: 15 yrs.'
experience. M. Shlra; 465 Jessle;%tel. Mint 591.,
A FAITHFUL young Japanese boy wishes posi-
tion as school boy In small family." Call 'or
address R. X., 442 ,Devlsadero St.; phone
Page 2109. , , \
FAITHFUL Japanese boy would ' like place
: where he : could work mornings until ; 10
o'clock. Addrees or call T. IKEDA. 1207
-Bush .st. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-" :\u25a0\u25a0• '\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0[,:.:.:-. '\u25a0\u25a0"'. .'. - -'.".": :\u25a0 ' '\u25a0 \u25a0', \u25a0
AN honest' Japanese Aoy would like work of
any kind to-do after 4 p. m. daily. Ad-
dress S. S., 620. Laguna st.," city. .
A FAITHFUL Japanese ; boy would like place
. td do plain . cooking or, general housework.
Address M., ; 321% O'Farrell. V ,
A JAPANESE who is fine cook and has best
of references wishes position^ as school boy.
Address HARRY TAKETA. 258 A O'FarreU.
A GOOD Japanese schoolboy would like place
where-he could, b» useful. , Phone East 2442.
JAPANESE boy wants I a position as school-
boy. Address T. H.. 1329 Pine st. • .'.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook would like placo
with nice family; wages from $50 to $60 per
-month. Address C. LEE, 806 Clay st. >
FIRST-CLABS Chinese cook for hotel or board-
ing-house. Pleasa call 306 Sacramento ; st..
- upstairs. ...ili_.^_L_ i— H
> FLATS TO LET.
AAA— COMPLETED"" LIST OF HOUSES,
FLATS apartment and rooming houses; our
renting department is free to all; we can find
you a home^ In any part of the city; ask for
no payment'other than your good will; we do
'not ask you to buy or even look at the goods;
use . this ! department freely; you are mor*
than welcome.- " „ „
v; CO RDES ? FURNITURE CO., 245-259 Geary
\u25a0-=', st.' (on the -square.) -\u25a0 - - -
CLAY, 2421. -near Fillmore — Upper flat; 3 sun-
'\u25a0"•\u25a0 ny^- rooms; \ modern improvexnent, "storeroom:
n nd yard;. no- children; rent $14.^ ' \u25a0- :^
SANpHEZ. < NW." corner Elizabeth,' near 24th—.
: New \u25a0 upper ; flat : ' 6 rooms. : bath ; sun all day ; '
: all '•' modern Improvements; $25." - '
ALMOST new upper 5- room flat;. sun and light
\u25a0 in .'each "room; -rent very .low; If rented before
the first of the year. 1455 Broderick st.
BRODERICK,'! 143.H near- '\u25a0\u25a0 Haight— Modern 8-
:- . room flat: ' marble . steps. 1 beam ceilings, elec-
v '-*, trie 1 lights, , etc. ; ' owl . cars ; \u25a0 rent . reasonable.
i BUSH. 12C1-1231A— 2 flats; 3 rooms eich^bath;
j : rent $18 and ?15 \u25a0 each. Apply : 1223 Bush st.
$17'5O— UPPER flat: 5 sunny rooms. 169 Page
.-.st.V: between :Gough and Octavla. ' ' .;
TWENTY-SECOND, 3554. near Dolores— s sun-
li'Tiyg rooms; bath & double parlors; cheap;* $15..
A MONTH free; new 4-room flats. -$25; janitor
: -service; -sunny/ ':;2267 Hayes st.ynr.iG. Q. Pk.
BRODERICK. 1433— Live: rent free; 6-room flat,
r with 4 attlc'rooms; can sublet each room; $25.,
CENTRALLY-! located^ corner: flat;; s rooms and
: 1002 Mason : st.; s cor." Sacramento. ; : r : , :
' CENTRAL^' modern.^ upper, flat.* 6 rooms. * bath. :
\u25a0-.;... I C26, Sacramento 'st-Ti above Powell; moderate. -
NOE , st.'," 32S, " near Market-^-Mo"dern lower flat,
,B rooms and bath: rent $22 80. . .
. :; FLATS i^TO f: LET-^FTTRNISHED. \u0084
SIX" rooms \u25a0 newly; furnished,' i Including ! first-
clasa piano,* \u25a0 $40; jowuer. going to lea\-e the
\u25a0-' city; " reference ?" required ; . call :: -to-day. *J 183
C Bslvedere ; st.Vji near; Golden ; Gate \ Park. ,
HAVES. . 1709^-4 front ; rooms, bath ; 1 new : com-
e plete i housekeeping; gas; * electricity; a $25. ~- "
T >FLATS^ FORf SALE— FURNISHED, r
FOR eale-7-A , fS-roomi furnished | flat; • price $185.
vAddreßS^box 2663. > Call , office, r-:'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'.r -:'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'. .'\u25a0•,:;.', : j
\u25a0:\u25a0 '-'-": '^•:''rFivo6RslT6*LEAs_!- l s : ' :^ ''_ : _y<
LARGE ; light] floor; IV electric ; elevator; ' excellent
: location .-low: rent. " KNOWLE3 C0..J24 2&.\
FURNITTmE WANTED.
A-PHONE^outh 1015;"lTwin pay J<mU> mnA
for me before you sell your^urnlture. car
pets, piano, etc. M. GALLICK. 201 Larkln.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO., -
st, bet. 9th and 10th, paying big money tor
furniture.. etc. Phone South 179.
WANTED— Furniture of 4 or 5 room
complete.' Give particulars to box -.vi.
Call office.- ' '
Alfred Woltpert., 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
pays highest price for furniture, carpets, eto.
HENRY MAYER pays highest) Prtees_for fur-
niture, car pets^tc^JTB2A________°_i_
Z. ABE LEVY, 1135 Market. St.. phone Jessie
761. pays cash .and buys everything.
. FPRXITURK FOR . SALE.
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storage pl-
anos and fur. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Mkt.
FIN AJTCIAI*.
* \u25a0 \u25a0 -\u0084,,-.-. .- . \u25a0\u25a0 . - —
$8000— ON good country farm and business
property; will pay fl per cent net: security
worth 1S.000; investigate Quickly, as- loan
must be had January 10. Box 2776, Call-
HELP WAXTED-FEMALa
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0.'3......42» Bu»h st.
8 waitresses, same mining, commercial hotel.
country .$27 60. room, board
25 waitresses city country, hotels $25
6 chambermaids, city hotels • $20-$23
2 chambermaids, rooming-housa. . .$25 r 00 ?*
Waitress, choice place, city, sleep 0ut.. 530
Man and wife, waiter, waitress, country
hotel .......... :......:.... .$5O
Fancy Ironers, Coronado Beach $3«
Mangle handa. Santa Barbara. .$3O room, bd
Second • girl, private family |25
Houseglrl. family 2, apartment-house.... s-3
Cooks houseglrls second girls.
C. R. HANSEN & C 0.... 429 Bush st.
A NURSB to take full charge of a boy 2
years old for San Jose. $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO . 429 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook, no wash $35
Cook. German style, 2 In family...: $30
General housework., 4 in family ......... $3O
Waitress, country restaurant • -|-3
Flrst-class nurse .......$3O
Wofklng housekeeper for widower and chil-
dren j'-iO
Cook, plain wash, i American family ?-iO
Second cook, short orders $3 week
English or Scandinavian second girl $25
Mother and daughter for housework. Ala-
meda ......... - - -f+of +0
General housework. Oakland iii'lSJ;
2S other girls, general housework. clty.?2s-?J0
Firet-class butier. references required $30
Porter and wife for Institution $49
Apply .to J. F. CROSBTT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
A chambermaid for a private family, city, no
waiting en table. $30.
A strong kitchen maid for a private family,
city. $25.
A rse for child 10 months old. city, $30.
2 waitresses for flrst-class hotel, city. $25 ea.
4 second girls for city places, $25-$3 O.
10 housework girls, city and .country, '$23 ea.
MISS PLUN'KETT, 423 Sutter st, nr. Powell.
WAITRESSES wanted — Two good waitresses
wanted to-day for good steady positions: city
place. Call room 31S. James Flood building.
AA-rOPERATORS wanted on ladles' under-
wear, to work In factory. 656 Mission St.,
third floor. . '
AA— OPERATORS on ladles' underwear and
children's wear to take work home. 656
Mission at., third floor. . \u25a0'
AA— EXPERIENCED tuckers wanted on
ladles' underwear and children's wear. 669
" Mission at., third floor. •
A A — EXPERIENCED operators on ladles'
waists and summer suits to work In factory.
CSC Mission st/. third floor. ' : -j
WANTED — Young girls for_pur delivery de-
partment; experience not necessary; steady
positions to right parties; apply between 9
and 10 a. m. ,1. MAGNIN & CO., 43-53 Ellis.
WANTED — Experienced wrappers; steady po-
sitions to .right parties; also one who can
manage wrapping desk. Apply between 9
and 10 a. m. I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53 Ellis.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady for belt and
bag department: must have at least 2 years'
experience. Call MARKS BROS.'. 1220
Market st. -. -
WANTED — A girl to assist with housework;
wages $10 to $15; good. home. Inquire at
3573 Twentieth st., near Valencia.
WANTED — A girl fcr general housework, five
in family. $15. Apply at 1520 Geary st.
CHAMBERMAID and answer bell. 228 Taylor
street. \u25a0 ~ ' * ' .-:
WANTED—- Experienced mangle hands. Apply
at United States Laundry,. 16th and Valencia.
NEAT young lady an working housekeeper;
must have good references. Box 4521. Call.
GIRLS to learn hairdresslng. manicuring, mas-
sage, etc.. from A to Z In 1 mo. for|SlO; 7
positions to fill guaranteed at $10 per wk. up:
day ami eve. class. 234 Post, r. 17. 2d floor.
THE opportunity of your, life: millinery taught
in flrst-class parlors: guarantee to secure po-
sitions for all competent scholars by Jan. 25;
terms ?20. 234 Post St.. room 18, 2d floor.
LEARN hairdresslng, facial massage, manicur-
ing, scalp treatment, hair work.remo.val super-
fluous hair: day. eve classes; positions walt-
iny; $10 week up. 210 Powell, r. 2-3. 2d floor.
WANTED — Young women to learn telephone,
operating; salary while learning; references
required. Apply after 9 a. m., 216 Bush St..
third floor.
BCCKKEEPERS.cashIers, bill clerks.etc.l will
guarantee you qualification to fill positions in
30 days; private instruction by accountant; po-
sitions secured. Addresa box 1730. Call office.
WANTED — A competent girl for general house-
work; must be nrst-c!a3s plain cook; wages
$30. 2237 Union st. :
LADY wishing to learn bookkeeping can have
office work 83 part payment for tuition.
Box 2SCS. Call. ' "
WANTED — To employ a lady with good knowl-
edge of music; salary $S0O: references re-
quired. Box 3944. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS pants finishers. CHARLES
tBASCH. 744 Market St.. room 20.
WANTED — Girl to cook and -do downstairs
work. Call 902 Eddy St.. 9 to 12 m. - v
BAR B ERS— Employment and "-ppllea.
BARBERS, Attention — Coleman's Exchange;
city and country barber shops bought and
sold. See COLEMAN. 311 Jas. Flood bldg.
$200— 2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; near city;
finely furnished, good business; a bargain sel-
dom ottered. COLEMAN. 311 Jas. Flood bid.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale; choice location;
\u0084 sacrifice. COLEMAN. 311 Jas. Flood bldg.
BARBER ". chops offered to buyers at special
Inducements. ;- Coleman's. 311 Jas. Flood bldg.
I BARBER shops — Large variety of them; some
'very good; also a number of shops In coun-
try; all prices. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
FOUR-CHAIR barber shop and cigar store:
• sold at a sacrifice If taken at once; accoun:
sickness. .Address P. O. b0x. 839. San Jose.
BARBER shops wanted; ' all , those \u25a0 that can
bear close ' investigation -as to their merits
may apply to P. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
WANTED— Barber; furnished shop. Twenty-
fourth and Alabama - sts. : single man pre-
-,'ferred. "\u25a0-\u25a0*• - : '- : '
BARBER wanted. Progresao Barber Shop, 28
East \u25a0st. .--\u25a0.'\u25a0 \u25a0'•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '
BARBER. : Jlrst-class ' workman,- to start Mon-
701 Larkln st. " • \u25a0
$150 BUYS a swell 2-chalr shop. 536 Fourth
street. -» ; . . '
ONE-CHAIR shop.- with 4 furnished rooms.
CHARLES FORWICK. Menlo Park.^Cal.;
TWO-CHAIR shop for sale; receipts $35 to $45
per week; rent.jO permonth. 817 Laguna st.
BARBER shop for sale. :. Call at 630 Commer-
, cial-8t. ; .; ' '\u25a0\u25a0.' : . :\u25a0'•''\u25a0 - - \u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0
3-CHAlR' barber shop fore sale; good bargain;
-money-maker. 750& Howard' st.
\u25a0BEST : 2-chair ". barber shop in Alameda; must
;-. sell: at once;*. owner sick. 1544 Park st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
LEARN telegraphy, and R.\R. accounUng; $30
to $130 per month salary paid our graduates;
cur six schools indorsed- by all railroads;
day -and • eve:-, session ; ' apply for catalogue.
, Morse School of Telegraphy. , 26 O'FarreU st.
YOUNG men. learn '\u25a0 sign painting; I- teach you
by^mail: $3 for "complete course. Write for
particulars. NISLE SCHOOL OF L LETTER-
: ING.- 94 -W. Mountain st.. Pasadena. Cal.« -
MEN " and women : to ; learn the - barber trade •
. new method; jwages paid while learning; po-
. sitions guaranteed: special Inducement* - San
V; Francisco College. -. 741 A Howard st. *
WANTED— -Laborers - and mechanics \u25a0to know
that * Ed " Rolkin. : Reno House • proprietor, has
added ; 100 ; . new rooms ". to the " Denver House
217 Third St.. 250 rooms. 25c to 50c per night.:
MAN : to -drive* laundry i wagon; ' $63 per i month -
, must have: $4CO. 3372, Mission St.- i"
WANTED-^Drur clerk; must be competent and
' :, well recommended./; : Box 4809, Call.
GERMAN - cabinet-maker and French poUaher
: Box: 4308. = CalL • Pou*aer.
HELP WANTED— MAUE— -Contliine*.
A— MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay rt.
Phone Main 5543.
Our Own Printing
: Plant Issues our free list of position too*
times dally— 7 a. m., 10 a. nv,
1 p. m. 4 p. \u25a0m.
KMPLOYERS.' ATTENTION!
OUR INVESTIGATION' AND SECSREOA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION 09
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
IF YOU WANT
THE BEST HELP. DO AS OTHERS DO—
SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Amenta.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE: TH3J
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
We gave in 19t>* 19«X> we hope t»
64 COO men work. " Increase- W.oo">.
FOR OUR OFFICES.
Interpreter and clerk, must BPealt Italian.
Spanish and other languages.
Typewriter and clerk, our offices.
Press feeder, our office printing; plant.
6 extra typewriters, our offices.
3 men to address envelope*, our offices.
Young, quick, active men with brains.
THAT'S WHAT WE HIRE.
MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay at.
JANITORS. PORTERS. ELETVATOR MEN.
2 Janitors city wholesale house. ?-w.
Porter, city institution. $20 and found.
Elevator man, city hotel. $25 and tound.
BOYS.
Choreboy. ride horse and do chorea, city. $19
found. • _,"\u25a0"*'.
Boy help about store, etc.. city. $8 weelc.
C-: .PRUNERS.
3 apple pruners. S. C. Co.. $1 7* day.
FARE PAID— BLACKSMITH.
Ranch blacksmith," home ranch, south. $40
found.
SHEEP HERDER. f33 FIX
Man and wUe, chicken ranch. Saa Slatao
Count/.
LAUNDRTMEN.
Shirt polisher, city Job. $15 week.
R. R. COMPANY OWN WORK.
10 trackmen, spikers. strappers, etc., $60.
BAKERS.
Paul Eickenberger. the baker, pieaae call.
MURRAY fc READY. 634-836 Clay st.
MERCED. MERCED.
THAT NEW RAILROAD.
ARE YOU GOING?
600 drillers *p
SCO hammermen ...$7.1
600 laborers $67 50
500 muckers $«" M
We have got special railroad rates $2 40
OUR OFFICE FEE ONLY fl.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ARIZONA— ARIZONA. ~~
CLOSE- TO PRESCOTT. 940 miles-. $9 40-.
23 laborers, you'll suit. Call early.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
THIS NEW MTLL.
INSIDE WORK— STEADY JOBS.
25 laborers to go this afternoon. $60.
General manager here. Call and see him
AT OUR OFFICE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
LOOIC
Walter, mine hotel. $2S and found.
Experienced salesman o« folding paper boxe*.
$70 to *10Q. I
Furniture finishers; also apprentices.
MURRAY & READY. 634-633 Clay St.
LOOK! LOS ANGELES, $3.
SHIP TO-DAY. © A. M,
—TO LOS ANGELES. $5—
—TO LOS ANGELES, $5—
25 teamsters. $67 SO.
25 trackmen, $67 50.
20 MUCKERS FOR MINES 4 . $75.
ARE YOU GOING TO LOS ANGELES?
$5 FARE.
MURRAY & RSAJOY. 634-636 Clay st.
SANTA CRUZ.
25 teamsters, special R. R. fare, $33.
25 laborers, special R. R. fare, $63.
NEW WORK NOT FAR AWAY.
12 teamsters, free fare, $67 SO.
Baker, bread and cake, small good Job, $3
week and found.
8 cooks, different places, special Jobs, $30 to
$60 and found.
- 2 machine hands, planing- mill, $3 day.
Men, address envelopes, this office.
MURRAY & READY. 634-838 Clay st-
MECHANICAU
2 sheetiron workers, city.
2 Iron molders. country foundry; printer,
country town, $40. v
3 tinners, steady work, country. $2 60 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
MINES— QUARRIES—
—LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
TUNNELS.
30 miners, hand and machine work. $2 50
to $3 day.
-- 20 tunnelmen. near city, $2 75 day. •- -. - ".;\u25a0 r>''
47 drillers and hammermen, city and coun-
try, $2 50 to $2 75 day.
15 headermen. tunnels, $2 25 to $2 T3 day.
LABORERS.
843 laborers, different Jobs, all parts of Cali-
fornia — factories, mills and general work;
$2 to $2 CO day, $60 to $75 month.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SOUTH— SPECIAL FARE. $2 40.
BIG MONEY FOR YOU.
.TWO YEARS' WORK.
NEW RAILROAD— SOUTH.
One Thousand Men.
1000 MEX.
ALL OPEN CUT WORK.
DRILLERS AND HAMMETtMEN. $13. '
LABORERS AND MUCKERS. $67 50.
BOARD. ETC.. $20 MONTH.
SPECIAL FARE. $2 40.
OFFICE FFE ONLY $1.
ARE YOU GOING SOUTH?
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 CLAY ST.
DOES THIS LOOK GOOD TO YOU?
FREE TO-DAY. TO-DAY ITS FREE.
OCEAN SHORE R. R,'
45 laborers. $80.
45 teamsters. $67 50.
43 driller* . $67 50.
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay st.
OREGON— FREE FARE.
63 COAL MINERS.
$1 TON— ARE YOU GOINO?
COAL MINERS.
MEXICO. 230 Coa! Miners. MEXICO.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
165 TIEMAKERS, 13c EACH.
FACTORY.
15 laborers ' for general wort around a lars:*
• factory; no experience needed: steady th»
year round; any willing man can fill the bill;
Inquire about It; you'll go; wifees $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTELS. ETC.
5 cooks, other places.
- Walters, city hotels and restaurants, $33 a
*~ month.
Marker and distributor, country laundry, |9ft>
OTHERS.
20 boys for stores, factories, city and coun-
try. * .
Experienced florist, city store.
FARMS, RANCHES.
MILKERS. CHOREMEN.
6 plow teamsters, good ranch. $30 and fd.
14 general farmers, different ranches. $26 to
$32 and found.
18 milkers, butter-makers and choremen and
•horeboys. $15.. $20. $23. $30. $35 and founsl.
15 pruners, vineyard or orchard, $26 to %Z<\
and found.
MURRAY & READY. 6.14-63R Clay «t.
TEAMSTER, special city wagon, $"-.52 50 day.
Man do ranch work blacksmlthlng, %\ 25 Any
and found.
MURRAY & READY. 631-636. Clay «t.
SHASTA— SISKIYOU. FREE* FARE:
25 laborers ....sCi>
ARE YOU GOING- TO SHASTA?
15,000 Men to
WESTEKN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
$2. $2 50. $2 75 to $3 50 day.
12C0 MEN WANTED.
TO THREE STATES—
OREGON.
WASHINGTON.
IDAHO.
Cost only $7 75 to get there by train.
LOOK.
12 stablemen, different i city stables, $60.
6 buggy-washers and harness cleaners, $W
and found. IBMSN
MAN AND WIFE.
Man and wife for dining-room, hotel, coun-
try;* boss here.'
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
AT ONCE, bright young men. IS to 35 years,
to prepare for excellent' Government positions
in this State; starting salary SSOO per annum..
See Immediately N. H. OLIVER, 43 Pbelan
building. 9 a. pa. to dp. m. \u25a0 \u25a0
-WE want a flrst-class man. accustomed to sell
at wholesale and with experience In th»
talking machine business, to sell at whole-
sal© in San Francisco. Sea MR. GRAY at
125 Geary St.. Columbia Phonograph Co.
WANTED — At once, good, live canvassers to
represent us throughout California; large com-
missions paid; complete outfits furnished free;
'^.good prospects for right party. Full particu-
. lars address Oregon Nursery Co., Sa!em. Or.
ANY i Intelligent person may. earn good Incom«
corresponding for newspaper; experience un-
necessary ; send for particulars. Press Syn-
d teat c. Lockport. N.Y. \u25a0
MEN learn the barber trade In S weeks; tu!*
tion earned .while learning; situations 'guar-
anteed: only up-to-date colleges In America-
' MOLER'S SYSTEM COLLEGE. 644 Clay st.
WANTED — At once, solicitors for the city and
vicinity: special holiday inducement. CalS
' and Investigate ;\u25a0 allernoons and evenings, at
3135 Mission st. . y
MEN and ladles to learn barber trade; n«*4
method;. wages earned. while learnirs; posi-
tions guaranteed after eight weeks. GILL-
MAN'3 Barber ; College. 627 Clay »t. .
WANTED— Men to nil 300 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattressea, elec-
tric lights In every room. 632 Howard, or. MUSEE "PUBLICITY BROKEN TO HARNESS"
'BELP WANTED — MALE — Continued.
AT C. R. HANPEN _ CO.'S 420 Bash «t
"-Stftioßrai h< 1 and typewriter, one who under-
Stands bookkeeping, hotel exj^'rience jire-
\u25a0 er r<*l $10 found up
-van ana wife, waitress, waiter, country
c!t>;cl * $50
.••^»at and partry cook, country hotel $00
iMker. courtry shop $S-$'J wetk
Starcher. who can wash flannels and silks.
\u25a0tcl. bout hem California $40 found
'-turtroora man. open oysters ar.d make
* -alfids ..JJS
waiter, country hotel s^o
.r etsbiemen. c:ty $40-* GO
i ooi trharp. ncr. rr.ine, $2 50 day board, or
will take nuin and wife ta cook for 0 men,
w^ses. Party here.
:• DTuner*. $1 :•<) day; coal miners, $1 ton.
Laborers, near city $2 day
!i. R. '.^borer.;. dr.llerE. muckers, teamsters..
$2-$2 75
C. K. HAXSHX _ CO 429 Hush st.
HORD & SMITH'S
Hrrpif yment Office, c_S Clay st.
Xclepaom Main 5C21.
CITY WORK.
$- "5 — Teamsters — $2 iU»-
!2— Laborers— s2 -•''.
Eoanl $5 25 end no disccunt- City.
J2 25— Tearr.fttrs ' chean fare, long job.
FREE FARE SOUTH.
$2 25 — Teamsters — Si SS — Teamsters — ?2 25.
' « -2.t— Drillers— ? 2 25— Drillers— s2 25.
! . ?2 00 — Laborers — 12 00 — Laborers — $2 00.
' ." • •• . FREB TARE. -•\u0084
I. Weed, Sisklyou County. Cal.. near Oregon.
. Laborers. $2. railroad work, 300 miles out.
* " - scocl lenders. $r.J> and found.
y Tunnel men. $2 25 to ?2 75, company work.
Muckers, $2 to 52 I\\ board only $1 60. »
\u25a0 Laborers. $1 75 to S2, lone, steady jobs.
Lfibcrers and Uameters Cor many different
Jobs, all locations. Ask about them.
X— PACIFIC CON. EMP. AGENCY. INC..
035 Washington st. — Phone James 3301.
FREE FARE.
Sisk ( o:ou Cour.tv, laborers. $60.
FREE FARE.
Near Oregon. > Free Fare. Ship Dally.
»m» m Blacksmith, mine company, south. $'.*O.
" Spool tender. $1 50 fare, $i 3 and found.
t2t 2 fwarapers. $D 0 leund; second log loader,
*$."i5 end found.
Gardener. Institution, bors here, 11 a. m.,
! : and found.
SOUTH.
Teamster? $S7 st>; laborers. $80.
WESTERN PACIFIC.
. 1000 men. 52 25 day; no discount.
Coal miner*. Oregon. $1 ton. fare refunded.
Tiemßkers Uendorino 130 tie; ehlp to-day.
PACIFIC CON. EilP. AGEJsCY. INC.
A— AMERICAN
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
642 COMMERCIAL ST. PHONE BUSH «3.
• IS laborers, fftC. FREE FARE; BLACK-
• KMITH, eh_rpen drills, gold mine, Jit 7 SO;
blacksmith, mine; NEW EI^EJCTRIC CO.. 5
MACHINE MEN. tunnel, t> hours, ?T0 fd. ;
2 machine miners, ?1<«T»; 15 R. R. laborers,
xroais, $40 and i 5.; 15 handy men, woods, -
Sl5 ar.d found.
• AMALGAMATOR, $3 75 day; porter ar.d wife.
\u25a0 " :•• fnr In«TitutioTi. $*3 and found: farmer and
wife. $50 and found; bellboy. $15 and found;
cocks ar.d ethers. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
C2<« Sacramento st.
• ANPHE'S OfSce, .':i7 Stocktrn St.— Mess waiter
' for .Catholic irjßtitution. $25: waiter. $30;
dlshnafher. near city, $30; farmer anl wit*.
$TiO; porter an 3 c-Xik :unch. $14 a wetn. etc.
YOUNG man bftn-ftn 1H and 1U years of ajre
to _m_* in creamery. 520 per month anl
b.ani. Ca!l room 'MS, Jamc? Floni f.ulls!r.fr.
SJnx and beys wa.nte.l to learn plumbing
trader' pays *5 day after ccmj'l^tinK course
of j>rsctlc*l instruction at home or in our
twhools; graduates admitted to Union and
Master Plumbers' A*sr>cisiim: positions se-
cured. COYNE BROS. CO. Plumbing
Sch^xls, Netr York. Chicago, 111., Cincinnati,
Ohio. Free catalogue.
WANTED — Experienced tal«e:nan for domes-
tics and white jroods. Apply superintend-
tSt> office. The Emporium.
WANTED — First-class x.lit and dress goods
salesman; cnlv exuerienctd men with best
referenci* r.<!-d apply. Superintendent's office.
The Emporium.
WANTED — Neat api«-ar;nfr boy in real estate
office. A;r'-y between 10 end 2 o'clock to-
day, lioom 7. lltf California st.
WANTED — Boy, 14-17. office, wholesale house;
good opportunity for bright, ambitious boy;
ref*re:u-«-s required. Box :?.t-{2. Call.
WANTED — Fim-clsss tailcr's cutter. Bgjc
*«1«\ Cull office.
BOYS to <Je:ivor teJegramc; can earn $35 to
„ S.">o p«-r month. ~X<X) Montgomery • st.
APPRENTICE Ik>v in architect's office; state
;>articulars. Box 4M7. Call.
- AN *x;-erienced man for renovatory wagon for
• delivery «nd soliciting. 22Uu Flllmore et.
' DISHWASHER wanted. 13i7 Valencia St..
c ' near rtrentr-fift— \u25a0
CARPENTER wanted; a first-class finisher.
Apply to-day. !Ca Fifty-fourth et.. Oakland.
° . t-A^LOIiS *rjd younc men (sreen hands) for
• •• ' nhips. HALLBr^RT. 517 Jackson et.
; "DETECTIVES — Learn the business; money
"° made while learning. 004 Montgomery, r. 204.
• '.WANTED— La borers ; pick and ehovel. 14 th
; '. • and- N t=t. South; take Kentucky-*t. care.
WANTED — Man to Iron in laundry. Call after
.« $:"0 at 764 Howard st.
\u25a0LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law er.d Adjustment Co.. 49 2d st.. rm. £22.
•^ .PENSION" ctty.. E. A. Bullls, rm. 40. Phelan
. Md. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, O.A.R.
TiA ["TEL v.-ar.ts NX> mfti to buy inspected
Government *hoe* at R3l Sacramento st.
' .JO.txiO WORXINGMEN to buy our genuine
army fhoes: all inspected. lOfi Third St.
"WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night: reading-rocn_;
free bus and btf^tSße to end frorr i ferry-
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
C*n branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion cf advertising 1 subscriptions has
been or*ned at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. •
HORSES AXH WACOJfS.
FOR **>— A rood driving horse; light bay; 15
hands high; 6 years old; rood style; well
broken : perfectly sound; price ?275. Box
saei. ca» office.
WANTED — To hire 300 head of hors<- or mules
wi'h harness for scraper work. Inquire fjr
particulars MADIGAN. O'NEIL & CO.. 122
Grove et. I
SECOND-HAND rub*>er-tire carriar*: pneu-
-matlc road c»rt; rubber- tire butey and vic-
toria; cheap. Golden Gate aye.
GOOD team and sand wason for tale. 2020
roi»om «t.; in harness — icp.
jlt'OO— BOARDING and livery f=tab'.e for sale;
ionc lease; bargain. Box 4MI. Ca.il.
. AUCTION Rale of horses, wagon* and harness
' every Wednesday at 11 ft. m.. .'!27 Sixth et.
HORSE for st!e: suitable for lady or a doctor.
''•3 Howard st.
FOR sale — Horse, five years ol<i: perfectly
»., sound and ger.tle. Box 2€7f>. Call office.
WANTED A piod driving lioriie for light busi-
ness. Box 2879, Call office.
HOUSES TO LfiZL
a PTINTED list of houses to let: send forcir- ,
cular. G. H. UMPSEN ft CO.. 20 Motgmy.
MARY 20, near Fifth and Minion— House of
7 ro^mt: double parlors; rent cheap: $25
liorsES LRyISHE .P.T!^? ]^-- L 5^ r l^:- t
rTRVISHED house cf 13 rocms: clears $50 per •
month "tpr«ent with 2 room, vacant; prle*
tVKK). DC pcuth Park. ,
COTTAGES JTO^LnST.
NEWrne-Tcottare et 6an Francisco's health- i
ft- b«ach: 4 rooms, bath, lavatory. E*« and
«lectrlc llrfct: sun «11 day; rent reasonable.
. Take Park and Cliff House c*r. stop at 46th
sv«.. go south one-half block to No. 1275. .
. CRKISHCD and unfurnished cars and cot-
:ace«. Oceanslde district, also facln« ocean. .
$:6 uo. J. H. D. FELDBUSCH JR.. reatlnff j
gept.. <frth aye. and I «t.. ocean boulevard.
'JIGHTH ave-. :j34 Richmond Dlßtrict— Rent '
i 22 ?/>: 5 rooms, bath: large basement, yard.
COTTAGES TO LET— FURNISHED.
.-UCOND aye.. 411, near Point Lobos — rur-
nlFhed cottage. 4 rooms, pay, bath, piano; $30.
HOTELS.
HOTEL St. Nicholas. Market. Larktn. Jlayes .
ste.— Heart of g. F.; modern: American and 3
European plans; electric lights and phone In
every room; hot ana cold water: quiet-
IX V ESTME.VT S. ' \u25a0
7A_fES at Eastern investors for sale. MAX-
WELL. \u25a0 1174 Jsmes Flood building. -
IXVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturer of the j
E&mes tricycle ct»ir. 2018 Mkt.; lei. Park 779.
JAPANESE FLORIST.
JAPANESE) Florist— Fresh cut flowers every
' day; plants for sale a specialty. 1708 Polk
; *t.. near Washington. Phone East 1304.
v . LOST 'AND FOUND.
0 ~~ \u25a0
0 LOST — A black leather pocketbook. containing
t several bank checks, a money order, $10 or
$13 in currency, an Elks' card, Stockton
1 Lodge No. 218. Will A. Dower, and other
c j i<aj«eis. Finder leave 'at Lick House, San
j i Francisco, and receive suitable reward.
|j j LOST— At skating rink, cr on City Hall aye. or
Jones-«=t. car, gold crest charm on silk fob, 2
lions' heads. Return to room 512, Safe De-
posit building, corner of California and Mont-
gomery sts., and receive reward. - \u25a0.'•;•«/\u25a0
T LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
; and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
J name of TIMOTHY O'KEEFFE or ELLKN
OKEEFFE, No. 253-630. The finder will
. please return to bank.
LOST — A pa?s book with the Hibernla Savings
and Lean Society of San Franclaco in the
name of ALBERT STAXKE, No. 201-1150.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Luan Society of San Francisco In the
name ol NELSON MOORE, No. 192-813.
The finder will pleane return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of GEORGE M. CAWLEY; No. 245-379.
The, finder will please return to bank.
LOST — On Broadway or Jackson at., a buckle
\u25a0with gold plated msdal attached: liberal re-
ward. M. WIENER, NE. Jackson-Battery.
LOST — On 25th, a brown fur with 4 tails, on
Folsom bt.. between Cth and 9th. Return
to 37 Rlngold Bt. and receive reward.
t LOST— Mink stole, Dec. 26. bet. Jones and
Powell. Market and Post; liberal reward. ;
The Warren, 701 Post st.. apartment 5.
LOST— A lady's hand bag on Alameda train,
containing money and Jewelry; reward of $20.
1372 Market st.
LOST — Christmas daj". lady's brooch act with
pearls. Finder suitably rewarded by return-
ing to Captain Win. W. HART. GS Flood bid.
. LOST— Small yellow half-breed pug dog. Name
"Bingo." Return to Zlnn Eugene Hotel or
. Belvedere Muelc Hall and get big reward.
LOST— Lady's gold locket, California, bet. Da-
vis and Powell. Reward, rm. 8, 4O California.
LOST— Dec 24. string of coral; valued as
keepsake; reward. 2313 Lagruna st.
\u25a0 IX>ST— Gold horseshoe bracelet act with 6 tur-
1 quolse: liberal reward. Miller. Hotel Savoy.
LOST— Dec. 25. gentleman's ruby and diamond
pcarfpin: liberal reward. 104 Kearny st.
\u25a0 I>OST— Gold locket: Initials C. S. D. Return
: to 1450 Eddy gt.: regard. .
j ~~ *" *"" "* *~*~* ———————————————— I — — — l
: LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
• C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot ofciay
St.. for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
i MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
UPRIGHTS FROM $05 UP. ~ "~~~*
Plyel, Emerson. Roenlsch, Smith & Barnes,
- Gabler. Curtaz, Sterling and many others, on
' ea?y payments: open evenings.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 1C O'Farrell gt.
A SPECIAL list of bargains this week; stand-
ard makes Included; rent $2 per month up;
installments $4 per month up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 237 Geary st.
A NEW piano for rent at $3 per mo.; others
at $2 and S2 50; one year's rent allowed it
purchased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes St.
SAVE dealers' profits; buy direct from factory.
DEITEMEIER PIANOS. 839 Valencia St., be.
tween Nineteenth and Twentieth.
BARGAINS in pianos and musical merchan-
dise. Call afternoons and evenings at 3155
Mission st. . .
. A FISHER upright piano. $155. 237 Geary et.
ALMOST given away; storage planoe and furni-
ture. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Market §t.
A FISHER upright. $90. Call from 8 a. m. to
ii p. m.. 584 Valencia st.
BARGAIN — Chlckcring upright grand; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
PIANOS extraordinary, stock Easfn mfgr. sac-
rificed: terms to suit. Statham, ltO McAllister
\u25a0 SUPERIOR violins, xithers. old and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ELEGANT uprights, new. 2d-hand. $40-$5OO.
PIERCES Piano Factory. Market and 14th.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
mtnti. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckering baby grand:
Phoningtr little used. Kefffe's. 255 O'Farrell.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
H S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office and Salesroom. 130 Beale st.
Works and Yards. Ninth and Bryant sts.
We hare a brand new lot of pipe complete,
ready for Immediate delivery.
H-lnch pipe $3 25 per hundred feet (n*w)
V-iach pipe.... $3 »5 per hundred feet (new)
1-inch pipe.... $5 70 per hundred feet (new)
IVi-lnch pipe.... $7 CO per hundred feet (new)
IH-inch pipe $S £0 per hundred feet (new)
2-inch pipe $11 15 per hundred feet (new)
2U-in. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use, 10c
3-in. screw pipe I2d hd); ready for use, 12%0
3H-ln. screw pipe (2d hd) ; ready for use, 15c
4-ln. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use. 19c
Send by check, money order or coin by
W. F. Exoresj, Co.. with order.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office 130 Beale et.
Reference — Any bank, banker or publication.
2X>-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, Ehslucg, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and «_cbanzed; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITT MCHY CO. 130 132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
FOR c— le — New and »econd-hand billiard and
pool tableo: easy payments; we rent tables
with tiriviiece of buying: modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. C 52 Mission St.. S. F.
ANOTHER rebuilt No. 1 Bmlth Premier Type-
writer. $35: a bargain. L. & M. ALEXAN-
DER. 110 Montgomery st., agents L. C.
Emith & Bros.' visible typewriter. '
UNION Ice Co. plant for sale; 250.000 ft. % pipe
ordinary & ex. heavy: other alzes up to 12 in.;
boilers, engines, pumps, air receivers ; 25 HP.
gaa engine, tajiks. G.Welssbaum. 350 Tehama.
A— BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, botlen, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 336 Main Bt.
FOR talc — A sealskin as good as new.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFICE.
907 Market st.
MACHINERY, bolters anl engines bought,
sold and exchanged: power plants in their
entirety bought. Western Mhy Co.. 230 Main.
A— GENTS' • full dress suits to rent. J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton St.. second floor.
A — THOMSON steam engine Indicator; practic-
ally new; great barg. L. Epstein, 538 Mission
YACHT Neptune, for sale. 246 Sutter St.,
room 9.
BABY Al Vleta panorama cameras. $3 50; take
pictures 2V<xC%. Sunset Bazaar, 42 Third.
HIGH grade second-hand office safe and wagon
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 California.
SAFES— Must make room; no reasonable offer
refused. 123 New Montgomery st.
DKPKS and office furniture bought, sold and
exchanged. T. D. MCCARTHY. 807 Mission.
E. C. HUGHES— Printer. 511 Sansome st..
Sun F*ranciBco. '
TWO merry-go-rounds; one miniature railway.
bACIGALTTPI. 605 Kearny st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
barrair-s. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
ANDERSON pays highest price for ladles' and
gents' clothing. Tel. Howard 1187: 154 9th st.
DIAMONDS., etc., bought for cash. Karl Eber
& Co.. 400-401 Adams bldg.. 206 Kearny «t
MEDICAL. •_.
DR O. W. O'UONNELL— LadIes, all who are
sick or In trouble, consult this foeciallst on
female complaints; positively corrected; the
unfortunate helped; the most difficult case*
treated; every case taken; immediate relief;
no poisoning drugs; low fees; my methods
will cure all cases of Irregularity; consult
me; save time and money: advice free. 1037
Market St.: hours, 0 a. m. to 4, 5:80 to 8:30.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist f or < all . female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed: GO years experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. Office hours 9 to 6, Sunday
10 to 2. 1008 hi Market St.. opposite Fifth.
DRS GOODWIN'S herb treatment, reliable,
safe, prompt for female irregularities; relief
or no fee; $10: hrs. 0-8. 850 Mkt. St.. suite 39.
a MRS. DR GWYER. 611 A Leavenworth st,
bet Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East 687.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1905.
V ; - MKDI CAL— Continued.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold ; price $2 00 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inges and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggist*. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland. ..•--..\u25a0-
DR. SYLVESTER'S office, 1206 Market Bt.
Leading Specialist for Women.
Irregularities cured In 24 hours or no charge;
advice free; strictly private; hours 9 to 9.
DR. C, C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence
1021% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th: partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
DR. W. R. MACY, reliable ladl-fs* specialist
000 Market St.; hours 10 to 0: Sun., 10 to 3.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment 1120 Market
DR ROSEN residence 2993 Folsom st, corner
Twenty-sixth: ladles, relief or no fee: $!<>•
MONEY TO LOAN.
CONFIDENTIAL.
Loans of all kinds and of every description
made on pianos, furniture, warehouse re-
ceipts, livestock and to people on their in-
dividual notes at banking-housi* rates; in
case of sickness or loss of employment we
extend your loan, so you take no chance of
losing your roods: your business is strictly
confidential, as we make no inquiries cf your
neighbors; goods remain in your possession
and you can have the loan as long as you de-
Eire; if you have any outstanding - bills or
owe any loan company, we will pay them
ror you and give you more money; it Is
easier to pay one than a number; to ladles of
prominence we make loans without any se-
curity whatever; we can refer you to any
bank or newspaper in ihls city; don't fail to
call and see us and we will cheerfully ex-
plain to you our up to date method of doing
business; you meet no one at our separate
and private offices. ILLINOIS TRUST
COMPANY, room 16, Phelan building; phone
Main 704. <• \u25a0
MONEY .\u25a0 . \u25a0 .
ALWAYS ON HAND. •
SUMS FROM $10 TO $300.
RATES NO HIGHER HERE.
TERMS A LITTLE EASIER AND
% PAYMENTS MORE CONVENIENT.
A COUPLE HOURS' NOTICE WILL DO.
COURTEOUS TREATMENT ALWAYS.
SECURITY— A CLAIM ON YOUR FURNI-
TURE, PIANO, HORSE, VEHICLE OR
SALARY. ETC
NO PUBLICITY ABOUT IT.
NO BANK MORE .RELIABLE.
PROOF— OUR LARGE BUSINESS.
EVERY REASON YOUR APPLICATION
SHOULD BE LEFT HERE WHEN YOU
NEED MONEY.
WE'RE READY AND WILLING.
ENTIRELY NEW PAYMENT PLAN.
HOUSEHOLD LOAN CO.,
£02-208 CALLAGHAN BLDG..
MARKET AND McALLISTER STS.
PHONE EOUXH 022.
LOAN HEADQUARTERS. '
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments,
Eave expenses by dealing- directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided . inter-
ests; assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
A><"2 Balarled employe or wage earner can get
just .m his note:
Monthly. Seml-M. Weekly.
$50— Return to us.. sl3 35 $6 05 . $3 35
$30— Return to us.. 800 4CO .2 00
$20— Return to us.. 535 2«5 1 33
$15 — Return to us. . 400 200 100
Or any other sum, and pay back in proportion.
THE CRESCENT LOAN CO.. 500 Rialto bldg..
New Montgomery and Mission Bts.
WILL LOAN
reasonable amount on
Ist. 2d or 3d
Mortgages on real estate
In city, town or country.
Lew rate of Interest
Give full Particulars
Locution, etc.
Box 223. Call office.
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton st, near Market.
2d floor.
Loans made to salaried people without any
publicity or other Inconvenience on their
notee. Loans on real estate In probate, life
Insurance policies.' estate*, second mort-
pageg. assignments of rents, etc.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment
Call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal \u25a0 advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 1
per cent interest. Baldwin's Jewelry Store.
878 Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 1193
Market et. and 27 Third st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 40
principal cities. TOLMAN. 653 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or other security; lowest
rates- no commission; confidential. 606-7
Donohoe b!dg., 8 Taylor St., corner Market
LOANS to salaried people without lndorser;
prompt attention and liberal terms. The
City Loan Co. 211 Crossley building.
ALVA CO. loans money to salaried people
without security: good terms, easy payments;
also on other security. 607 Jas. Flood bldg.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 28 Mcntgy st., room 21..
LOANB to SALARIED PEOPLE without secur-
ity; loans on Indorsed notes and' other secur-
ity. S. F. DISCOUNT AGCY.. 125-7 PheUn.
SALARIED people without security: also on
furn.. estates in probate, life Ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan Sc Invest. Co., 612 Parrott bldg.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of Interest; gold,
sliver, diamonds, pearls and precious stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
vANY amount, real estate or other security;'
$100 up. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. 8.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indoreer. Federal Loan Co. 609 Exam. bldg.
5% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room SI. 6 Eddy st
DON'T borrrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 63S Kearny.
McGARVIE _ CO., 720 Market *t. loans money,
65 to 80 per cent of valuation of property.
J« USE UMS.
DR. LIEBIG STAFP'Ivm Museum of
Anatomy moved to 1023 Market it., near 6th.
PERSONA L <B-^
"Ri3XnAl)ro"~offerirY^^
REFERENCES. You can call and S-E-E
the hopeless sick cured, and yourself get a
FKEE SAMPLE of the power. This Christ-
mas season you will be charged for "treat-
ments" ONLY ONE-HALF the usual mod-
erate fees. The BEDRIDDEN can be VIS-
ITED. Patients at a DISTANCE are treated
through the MAILS. Office hours 2 to
6. Offices CROWDED; come EARLY.
"R-E-A-D A-G-A-I-N" and SHOW your sick
FRIENDS LAST SUNDAY and MONDAY'S
I-M-P-O-R-T-A-N-T REPORT by Editor
Engleke, regarding many WONDERFULLY
eucessful treatments of alleged INCURABLB
"disabling" inflammatory RHEUMATISM,
DROPSY. PARALYSIS. NEURALGIA, LO-
COMOTOR ATAXIA, TOTAL DEAFNESS
DIPSOMANIA. DEAFMUTISM, BRIGHT S
and HEART diseases, etc. ADDRESSES
of the grateful patients (also WITNESSES)
given you. Offices 609 Kearny st.
A FREE ill. 47-page book on piles and fistula,
containing much valuable Information con-
cerning rectal diseases; sent free to any suf-
ferer. Frank R. Weston, M. D., author, suite
601-2. Donohoe bldg., Mkt. & Taylor, S. F.
SAVE YOUR OLD CARPETS; we will convert
them Into beautiful handmade rugs of >any
desired sice. The Oakland Fluff Hug Fac-
tory, 862 Market St., Oakland, Cal. ; phone
Oakland 8603: mall orders our specialty.
! RAG carptts wove to order and for sale: also
chenille- wove rugs, silk, portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, -at lowest
ratts. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland.
MME. GILLINGHAM. dermatologist; wrinkles
absolutely removed without I pain ; contour re-
stored. 114 Geary Ft. ; tel. Montgomery 2087.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
arid trousers at CHARLES LYONS*. London
Tailor. 721 Market Bt.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO., the tailor. 729 Market st.
8 BRAND new tailor-made men's suits, cost
$25. for $9 75. 440 Bush., nr. California Hotel.
$1 A WEEK: suits to order $15 up. LEMOS.
1127 Market et.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MASQUERADE; costumes, play books, wigs;
conntry orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO., 733 Mkt.
PHYSICIANS ;AND SURGEONS. '
REMOVED— DR. WONgYhiM/ herb^octorj
treats all , diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St., near Leavenworth. ._'}
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-~
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 ' Clay st.
WANTED— Good city and country'; real ' estate •
BURR-PADDON CO., 40 Montgomery Bt.,S.Fi
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE— CITY.
SELLING
* TO BEAT THE BAND.
: r- - . ONLY. SI 25 A WEEK.
$275 — Elegant level building lots, close to
school ; line car service on Mission st. ; cream of
the Excelsior Homestead; stop paying rent and
raise the baby where the ozone Is not polluted
\u25a0with dust and smoke, to say nothing of the
deadly microbe: no interest and no taxes.
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS,
ONLY $10 A MONTH.
$400 for finely located lots 3 blocks south
of the park; electric car -service unexcelled;
enhancing in value with every stroke lof the
clock; buy now; next week may be too late;
"Nat Goodwin" Is not the only man that ap-
preciates this beautiful section; no taxes. '
W. J. WHITE. COMPANY,
'•\u25a0 .26 Montgomery Bt.. room 8. \u25a0
$3000-^BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
RENTS Corner In excellent Mission nelghbor-
525. hood: Church st. ; lot 80x114; partly
improved with store and rooms and
6-room flat above; rents $28 a month;
r .nothing like this In the city; take
our word for It.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post st.
\u25a0 — \u25a0 — — — —
$40.000— ELEGANT new flats; near Hyde and
Clay sts.; lot over 50 feet frontage; select
neighborhood: flrst-claes .condition; rents
$320 a month.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post st.
$10,000 — FINE business investment; rented un-
der lease: splendid building; Concrete
basement and foundation; store and bay-
window flat of 7 rooms and bath; How-
ard st.: rents $720 per annum.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,, 2S Post St.,
$2000 CASH will buy brand new" first-class 7-
room residence on the east elde of 4th aye.,
between Clement and California sta.;' bal-
ance to suit purchaser. HENRY BUR-
ROWS, owner and builder.
ABOUTT $1000 cash, bal. at $50 monthly, will
buy NE. cor. with a handsome, new 6-room
house; cars pass door. See Molse. 417 Market.
ATTRACTIVE bargains in city real estate
only of BURR-PADDON CO., 40' Montgomery
; Bt., San Francisco.
REAL^ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale.
YOUR OPPORTUNITY
«TO SECURE A HOME.
CHOICE 10-ACRE TRACTS
IN SUTTER COUNTY.
•BEST ORCHARD LAND
IN CALIFORNIA
AT EXTREMELY REASONABLE PRICES.
Address P. O. Box 51. Yuba City.
$23,000— A LARGE and old established, well
paying hotel business with a first-class
equipage In all of Its departments, occupying
26,400 square feet, 3 frontages, in center of a
busy country city in a great citrus belt, 85
miles north of Ean Francisco; owner making
a fortune out of this plant, wishes to retire
from a continuous service of many years;
cash down $14,000, balance $9000 on mort-
gage. Photographs and particulars to buyers
only at 482 Eddy st.
ALFALFA Irrigated lands. $25 per acre; $1
down, $1 month; no interest. ! Pamphlets at
INDEX LAND B. CO.. 241 Crossley bid.
A STAMP brings our free catalogue of country
land. BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Montgomery
St.. San Francisco. \u25a0 \u25a0-.-
ALTA riEDMOKT TRACT.
"^" "^~ ~TuiT~ON]3
GOOD SIZE LOT
AT A SACRIFICE.
All street work complete.
Small cash payment required.
Mortgage can stand.
IT IS A SNAP. ,
-a LO i oil. 1.1 <
See me at once.
WMV' M. BUTTERS.
.'. Phone'"; Oakland 3432,. v .
468 Eleventh st.. Oakland.,
SAJV MATEO REAL ESTATE.
SAN MATEO COUNTY REAL ESTATE.
For sale — 27 acres, near Palo Alto; good
land; sulendld trees; would subdivide well;
I this is a snap; terms if wanted.
%-acre lots on "Lee Tract," Woodstde road,
near town: some beautiful trees; two sources
of water; easy monthly payments.
Good hotel and bar; paying business; you
can make terms if wanted; this is a money-
uiakirur hotel.
Some nicely wooded lots In Oakwood Park
Tract, near Fair Oaks station; easy payments;
and other properties.
See J. D. SMITH for Prices.
United Contracting and Realty Co..
\u25a0 Redwood City. Cal.
PALO ALTO REAL ESTATE.
CO-OPERATIVE Land and Trust Co. are the"
owners of large blocks of real estate In "The
Twin Cities." Palo Alto and Mayfi«ld, the
Stanford University towns; large lots, $300
and up; cement walks; graded streets, etc.;
email monthly payments; country property;
houses for rent. San Francisco office, 720
Market; phone Front 31. Salesmen wanted.
HALFMOON'BAY ItEAt> EST *£ E '
FINE beach lot, 50x165; 2 frontages; cheap.
Address box 2746, Call office.
GOVERNMENT LAND.
WE will locate you on good Government land";
you are entitled to 320 acres of Government
land. 160 acres of aw-lcultural land and also
160 acres of a tlmbeW claim. Call and see us
at 614 A Jones st Tel. East 4733. PACIFIC
LOCATING. DEVELOPINO AND COLONI-
ZATION COMPANY. ..
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
12- ROOM, modern fiat building; rent $430 per
year; price $7000; also 9-room, modern res-
idence, price $10,000; also 40-room lodging-
house, new furniture, good lease, low rent,
price $4500; all In city of Los Angeles; want
Oakland, S. F. or Berkeley property; would
consider good livery business. THE ALDEN
CO., 408 10th st.. Oakland, or box 6228, Call.
$7000 IN clear lots in Oakland: will trad* all
or part for nice residence and assume. THE
ALDEN CO., 46S 10th St., Oakland, or box
6229, CalPofflce. . \u25a0
$300 TO $000 residence lots In Oakland and
Berkeley; want nice driving horse and buggy.
THE ALDEN CO.. 468 10th St.. Oakland, or
box 6230, Call office. \u25a0 -
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
LAND wanted for 'subdivision; will buy out-
right or will Join owner in booming addition
or town site. MAXWELL, r. 1174. James
Flood bldg.
POULTRY, EGGS, ETC— FOR SALE.
WANTED — Laying young white Leghorn hens;
state price. A. GBHL, general delivery,
• Alameda. . \u25a0
JPARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED — Partner in' a good bay and river
boat enterprise. Box 4539; Call.
.PAINTING AND PAPERHANGING.
ROOMS papered,, s3 '6o up; 75,000 rolls wailpa-
per, 6c up. Hartmann Paint Co.; 319 Third.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented; U. 8. and foreign
patent laws. F. P. MEDINA, 532 Market st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for public building— Office of the
Chief \u25a0\u25a0•• Quartermaster, San Francisco, Cal
December 1. 1005. Sailed proposals in tripli-
cate, subject to the usual conditions - will
fc* received at this office until 11 o'clock a
m.. Pacific time, December 30, 1905, and then
opened in the presence, of bidders, for the
construction of one set of hospital corps aer-
\u25a0 geants quarters at the Depot of Recruits and
Casuals. Angel Island, Cal.! Information fur-
- nished on application to - this . office. The
. United States reserves the right to accept
or reject any or all bids or any part thereof
Envelopes containing proposals should be en-
\u25a0 dorsed : Proposals for public buildings at the
Depot of Recruits and Casuals, and ad-
dressed to Colonel WM. S. PATTEN As.
' Blstant Quartermaster: General. -\u0084. . •
BUREAU OF PORT WORKS, MANILA, P~T"
Dec. 20, 1905.— Sealed proposals for the con-
struction' of two eteel wharves \u25a0. in Manila
: harbor will be received until * 11 ' o'clock
a. > m., April 6, 1906, and then publicly
opened. Information '. furnished on applica-
tion. to this office or to the Bureau of Insular
. Affairs. Washington, D. C. J3 Plans : may be
seen at \u25a0 the - above offices and • also at \u25a0 the
United - States Engineer • offices at^ Chicago
and Ban " Francisco and at the offices. of the
Engineering \u25a0 News and ' Engineering Record
at New York. W. • 1.. '. FISK, Lieutenant
Colonel. ' Corps of Engineers,' U. S.A.; Direc-
tor of Fort Works. Philippine , Islands, .
OAKLAND ADVEBT ? S ? _rTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKXAyp REAL ESTATE.
IT MIGHT AS WELL BE YOtl.
. When I set out to sell a lot it is bound toco.
This lot is going to be sold so low that the
buyer can make a rood turn on \ the invest-
ment risht away. ..\u25a0 7 .
One of the most desirable lots In the beauti-
ful Alta Piedmont Tract. Almost at your own
figure. Street work, sidewalks, sewers, water
and gas mains complete. All ready to build
upon rieht now. \u25a0 . •
FINE RESIDENCE NEAR BY.
MAGNIFICENT VIEW.
It Is going- at a sacrifice if sold at once.
See me to-day or reach me by phone Main
5704/
W. J. WHITE. 28 Montgomery St., room 8.
H. Z. JONES. 458 NINTH ST.
$300 cash, $9 monthly; M acre land, with
new brick well: fenced: cottage, 4 large rooms:
basement; concrete foundation; city water;
price J1375. \u25a0
$200 cash, $S monthly: cottage, 5 rooms and
basement: lot 75x100; city water: fenced; fine
Boll; barn, etc.; price $1200: adjoining East
Oakland. See H. Z. JONES, owner, 45S Ninth
Bt.. near Broadway. Oakland.
O^KLA^^J^RNITURE^FOR SALE.
IXD-MORR^W^thTday^foTbarg^jrin furnltur*.
H. Schellhaas. 11th St.. cor, store. Oakland.
Sag Francisco AdvertVeiito
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BIRCH aye., 643 — 3 large unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping. Apply 642 Grove st.
BRYANT. 444 — Two or three sunny front rooms
nicely furnished for housekeeping. '
CLEVELAND, 12^ — Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; $1 25 per week; $5 per month;
single, rooms. $1 25 per week.
DEVISADERO, 1810— Sunny front rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping; In nice, new flat;
$17 50 per month; gas, bath. -
EDDY, 832— A1l kinds of rooms; housekeeping
or single; sunny. •
ELEVENTH, 223 — Nice, newly furnished rooms
with use of dining-room and kitchen; $14 per
. month; also single rooms.
ELLIS, 800 — Nicely furnished, double, connect-
ing rooms; also single rooms; phone, running
water, etc.* \u25a0 '
FILLMORD. 1033 — Nicely furnished or unfur-
furnJshed 'sunny, rooms to let; reasonable
rates.
FOURTH, 225— Suite nice housekeeping rooms {•
also single.
FOURTH. 491 — Neatly furnished rooms 'com-
plete for light houeeKeeplng; also slngls
rooms; reasonable.
FULTON, 13S — Sunny front room, with kitch-
en, gas, bath, hot water; call after," p. m.
GBARY, 917 — Fine, sunny rooms to let, com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping; gae
range, bath, water, etc.; from $10 up per
month. \u25a0 - '
GEARY, 1225 — Finely furnished large front
• suites complete for housekeeping:, baths and
all conveniences: also other rooms at very
reasonable rates. '
GEARY, 1275 — Fine eunny front suite com-
plete for houeekeeplng; unexcelled nelghbor-
hood; private family; only $20 per month..
HAIGHT, 226 — Nice room*, completely fur-
nished - for housekeeping; convenient and
pleasant. \u25a0.
HAVES, 177 D, near Masonic aye. — Single, sur>-
ny, furnished and unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping, with separate kitchen; reas.
HOWARD 823— Large, sunny, furnished room;
light hfik'pg.; couple or '£ or 3 girls; $3 50 wk.
JACKSON 1580 — Nicely furnished front rooms
for housekeeping; bath, laundry, grate, gas
range, etc.; reasonable rates. .
JESSIE, 323 — Sunny room, furnished, house-
kecplng, ga3 range; sink; $2 75 and $3 week.
LEAVENWORTH, 1010— Nicely furnished, sun-
ny front rooms for housekeeping, with kitchen.
LARKIN. 1042— Sunny, unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms. • '
MARKET 1027 & — Nice front suite of house-
keeping rooms with gas; other. rooms; light
housekeeping. - -
McALLISTER. 405. corner . Polk— Neatly .fur-
nished sunny rooms, single or en suite, com-
plete for housekeeping; nice location.
MINNA, 452 — Neatly furnished rooms, complete
for houeekeeplng; also single rooms; desirable
for one or two gentlemen..
MISSION, S23— Sunny housekeeping suite; also
sleeping rcom. \u25a0 '\u25a0
MISSION, 030% — Fine, large, sunny rooms In
I suites completely furnished for light house-
keeping; moderate rental; good location.
NATOMA. 718 A —To let, 3 large, sunny, unfur-
nished rooms upstaire; rent $11. '
NINTH, 124— Large front bay window suite
for' housekeeping: gas stove; grate, $16/
OAK 117, tor 14 Pag« — Complete for house-
keeping; $5 to $12; hot bath: laundry; adults.
O'FARRELL 834 — 2 nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms, only $15; also one large
room. $13.
PAGE. 840 (corner) — Nicely furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping; . sun all day; rea-
sonable rental.
PERRY 206. near Fourth — Furnished house-
keepln'g rooms at reasonable prices.
POLK, 887. near McAllister— Nicely furnished
bay-window suites; running water, phone,
etc. ; also good unfurnished rooms.
POLK, 601 — One front • room for light house-
keeping; or suitable for two gentlemen.
POLK, 1018 — Two sunny front rooms; $3 60 a
week; no objections to children.
SIXTH, 383 — Nicely furnished sunny bay win-
dow rooms for housekeeping; $10 and $12 per
month. - -\u25a0 \u25a0
SIXTH, 436% — Nlceiy furnished single or
double rooms complete for light housekeep-
ing: nice quiet family: rent very reasonable.
SEVENTH. 1C4 — Neatly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms with gas and bath; $4 per week.
SUTTER, 871— Nicely furnished rooms com-
plete for houeekeeplng, either single or al-
cove suites: sun all day. -
SUTTER, 2302 — Elegantly furnished eunny
suites for housekeeping; regular kitchen}
phone; planqy reasonable. • • .
TEHAMA. 3-^4 housekeeping rooms; business
location: rent cheap. :
THIRD, 231 — Two clean Housekeeping suites,
I $10 to $20 month; single rooms, $2 week up.
THIRD, 354% — Nice sunny housekeeping
rooms to let at reasonable rates.
TENTH, 162 — Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms for housekeeping; suites $12 per month..
Single furnished rooms $d, per month. •
TURK, 802 — Nice -and convenient furnished
rooms complete for housekeeping; gas range,
water, etc.: reasonable rent.-
TURK 1159 — Nice front suite for light house-
keeping In new modern flat; also fine single
rooms at very reasonable rates: single rooms
desirable for students who can have board
. If desired: nice quiet family. .
TWENTIETH, 2609,' cor. Valencia, — Nicely
furnished rooms for housekeeping; regular
kitchen. '.
VAN NESS aye., 712 — Nicely furnished single
.rooms at $6 per. month; also other rooms at
reasonable rates. .
VAN NESS aye., 619 — Nicely furnished, sunny
rooms from $7 up per month,. with or with-
out housekeeping privileges.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
NEW 4-story corner apartment-house; sunny
side; open for inspection and reservation; all
suites have modern kitchens; electrlo , lights,
etc. Apply 231 9th st.. opp. ; tel. Howard 2670.
A— KENILWORTH, cor,, Bush, Powell — 3-room
sunny aparts. ; single rooms: modern; reas.
BTIERLIN ,867 Hayes-^ beautiful, »uriny, 4-
room apts.. unfur.; see them at once; $25- $3 O.
ROSSWELL Apartments, 1360 Pine, near Hyde
— 2. 3 and 4 rooms, with bath;. Steam heat.
RANDALL Apartment*. 120 Pierce st.^-4 un-
furnished rooms: exceptional: only 2 i !effc-
ROOMS TO LF.T— Far-, and U-f«rn.
A—BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per nlsht. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. - •>
ASH aye., 22, near Polk — Pleasant,, funny
room; quiet, private family; $7; central.';
BELMOND House, over Owl ; Drugstore; 2 en-
"- trances 1120 Market and 21- Turk— Electrlo
lights, running water in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 800 per night.- $1 25 to $4 week.'
BURTON Hotel, "1126 Howard st. — 100 rooms;
••. : new house; modern; $1 25 to $3 per week.
BUSH, 324 (The Elmer) — Fine furnished sunny
rooms :by the . day, week or month; c*a-
U— ll_ located. . . '
ROOMS TO LET.— Forn. andUn for n.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN.
Corner Ellr» - and Leavenworth sts..
In. the heart of the city. -•;.- . \u25a0\u25a0*,
300 rooms; 100 baths. . -
Modern in every detail. -.."\u25a0•
Rates '$3 to $15 per week. v^;
Rooms, with private bath, $1 day.
Tourist travel solicited. '
BUSH, 775 — Newly furnished "sunny rooms' to
let: running water, baths, etc.; rent reduced;
board if deaired. .
BUSH, 1940 — Nicely - furnished rooms suitable
for two or three gentlemen; sunny and
pleasant: reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 1424— Sunny front furnished
rooms to let; all new.'
DEVI3ADERO. . ISI4-^Nicely furnished sunny
nns.; up-to-date fiat; private family; reas. - : .
EDDY, 833— Nicely furnished front rooms; also
others; -very convenient; hot and cold water;
reasonable.' . ...
EDDY. -878— A modern flat: newly furnished; 2
or 3 room suite; single rooms; beautiful house-
keeping rocms; plenty of light and scnshlne.
ELLIS. 323— Elegant furnished suites with
bath; reasonable rates; single rooms $2 50
week and up.
ELLIS. 777 (Hotel Jerome)— Newly opened;
• elegantly furnished single rooms and suites;
private baths and all modern conveniences;
special rates will be given tourists.
FOLSOM, 1805— Nicely furnished rooms, all
new, with gas and bath, from $1 50 week np.
FULTON, 231— Single rooms; all improve -
zr.ents; gentlemen; walking distance Market.
GEARY. 376 — Rooms to let; single, double and
en suite; rents reasonable.
GEARY, 657 near Jones— Nicely furnished
single and double rooms to let; rent reason-
able; walking distance.
GEARY. 6Go— Large light sunny furnished front
rooms; other rooms; upper fiat.
HAIGHT. £92 — Nice sunny rooms; single or
en suite. ; .
MASON. 406 — Sunny front room; suitable tor
two, $12; also small room; $8 month. * :
HICKORY aye., 251— Completely furnished
rcoms to let ___
HOTEL Hamilton and cafe. 125 Oils, bet
Powell & Mason sts., 8. F. — Rms $1 to $3 per
day: steam heat & telephone In each rcom.
JONES. 1316— Two fine sunny unfurnished
rooms; reasonable.
KEARNY, 323 — 3 rooms or first floor, fur-
nished or unfurnished; suitable for business.
LARKIN, 819V4— Sunny front room, suitable
for lady or gentleman. $8 per month.
LEXINGTON aye.. 135. bet 18th and 19th—
Nicely furnished room In Mission warm, belt;
rent very reasonable; quiet family.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 129 Third St.— loo
single and family rooms. 35c to $1 50 per
day; $2 to $3 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Fraccisco
that has office on ground floor; hot and cold
water, electrio lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room, and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and night to its nests.
O'FARRELL. 375— Nice neat furnished rooms
to let; also other rooms for light house-
keeplng if desired.
O'FARRELL. 532 (Dolores)— Elegant furnished
sunny suites and single rooms; all modern
conveniences, elevator, etc.; reasonable rates.
PINE, 2892— Nice furnished room for gentle-
man; reasonable.
POST. 217 — Rooms to let. single and en suite,
nicely furnished; very convenient to busi-
ness center.
POWELL. *239 — Nice furnished sunny front
rooms, single or en suite; gas grate, bath,
running water.
RIO VISTA HOTEL, 253 Third et. near How-
ard — New house with modern conveniences;
rooms en suite and single; rates by day, 85c
up; by week, $2 up; baths free to ruests.
STEVENSON, 797%— Fine furnished single
rooms \u25a0 from $1 25 per week ; private house.
SUTTER. 861 (Larchmont) — Fine furnished
rooms, with all modern conveniences; elevator
"all night; $3 per week and up; transient.
TURK. 204 — Fine furnished large sunny rooms
to let; running water; good location; $175
ptr week and up. ' V^
VAN NESS aye.; 631— Nicely furnished large
sunny rooms to let; walking distance; reas.
WASHINGTON, 1406, corner Leavenworth—
Nicely turn, rms; select family; marine view.
i UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 4oo
rooms, Sso to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read-room; free bus 1 , baggage.
WOLF House, cor. 6th and Howard— No better
transient house in city; rooms 15c to 60c
per nleht: 00c to $3 per weak.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable, 700 rooms,
35c to $1 60 nightly, $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market st. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. _J
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ROOMSAND BOARD.
A LARGE handsomely furnished sunny front
room;. bay window, hot water and connecting
room; suitable for two or four, with excel-
lent board in private family; near park;
reasonable. Phone Page 3350. Box 4540. Call.
VAN NESS are.. 800. cor. Eddy (The Alta
Vista) — Elegantly furnished sunny rooms
with excellent table board; reasonable rates.
EDDY, 530 (Hotel Garland)— Newly furnished
suites; modern and up-to-date; single rooms
and private baths;- excellent table board;
reasonable rates. . •\u25a0
ELLI3. 1204 — Newly furnished bright and sun-
ny rooms with board, for married couples or
single gentlemen; good home cooking; free
phone and bath; inspection Invited.
ELLIS, 1265 — Large finely furnished rooms,
with or without board; all' conveniences; fine
locality; good car service; homelike; rates
low. \u0084 .*• •.:\u25a0.-.
BUSH, 1305, near Larkln — Newly furnished
front room; excellent table board; home com-
forts.
CALIFORNIA. 1350— Nicely furnished rooms
and board In good Spanish family; American
and Spanish cooking ; rererences. .
HYDE, 612A — Newly furnished rooms in nice,
quiet family; good table board with home
cooking; single $22 50 per month; for two $43.
EDDY. 722— Nicely furnished rooms with all
comforts of home; convenient; German cook-
ing; reasonable rates.
FOURTEENTH, 824 — Pleasant rooms and
board, with bath; suitable for 2 or 4 young
men; ready Monday.
LIBERTY. 30— Fine furnished double and sin-
gle rooms; hot and cold water; baths and all
conveniences; excellent table board.
McALLISTER. 6Jtf — Sunny rooms; home cook-
Ing; phone; one. $22 50; two. $40. $45. table
board.
SEVENTH. 252 — Newly furn. rooms; sun all
day; with or without board; first -class; new
home.
VAN NESS i»ve., 603 (Hotel McAllister)— Ele-
gant furnished suites; private bathe; One
table board; good location.
VALLEJO, 543 — Comfortable front room; good
Spanish board; bath: piano: $20 month: refs.
BUSH, 1738 — 2 sunny furnished rooms, en suite
> or single; private; German; board optional.
GEARY, 640 (Malson Tenee) — Fine front
suites: splendid French table board: reas.
GOOD board and room,; 8 meals $20 month..
No. 1 Martha dace, . off Geary st.
LAGUNA. 1301. cor. Ellls^-Sunny rooms, with
board: best home cooking: private; reas.* ref.
GEARY. 640 (Malson Tence) — Fine furnished
suites or single: best French table board.
LEAVENWORTH. 1235, apartment 1239 — SunT
ny room: board for 2 gents; home comforts.
O'FARRSLL. 1770— Rooms and board; private
Jewish family.' .-.'\u25a0]. \u25a0
PINE, 787 — Sunny rooms; good home cooking;
$22 BOup.-
ROOMS WAHTBP.
GENTLEMAN wants room, eventually board;
honest family; moderate prices; particulars.
Bex 4822. Call. \u25a0-.•\u25a0
NEAT single room., walking distance to whole -
sale district; state price. Box 4320, Call; *\u25a0--
LEGAL NOTICES. . .
NOTICE of Consolidation of Mechanics' lojtl-"
tute ' and . Mercantile Library Association
. Notice Is bereby given to all whom It may
concern - that Immediately . tf ter 1 the expira-
\u25a0 tion of one month from the date of the first
publication :of this notice . the above named
corporations . purpose to . consolidate : all of
their and each of their . debts, ••• property. . as-
sets \u25a0 and franchises into one corporation, to
be known . and styled Mechanics' . Institute.
Dated - Dec 28, 1905. Mechanics* Institute,
by Rudolph J." Tausaig. president ; 'Joseph M.
Cumming. secretary. Mercantile. Library As-
sociation, by D. . E. Miles, president;. C K.
Bon esteU, secretary pro tern.
AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household yvoda stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st..' nr. Third; phone Grant ltfl.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Stcraga and Mov'.ng Co.
Main office Eddy and Fillraore: teL West 823.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.: tel. Main !S4fl. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; *«st
is cheapest: second-hand all makss at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
Oc office. 1021 Market at., near Sixth. ;
ALL kinds second-hand. $3. $3. $3; slightly
used, $10, $15. $20. You know where dolls
swing in thtt window. ICSI Market st.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
A TYPEWRITER Is the best holiday gift, es-
pecially for the boy er girl; partly used $109
machines of all makes from $20; fully guar-
anteed; rentals from $2 50 month. W.
SCOTT. 207 Montgomery st. - ;\u25a0.<s•\u25a0
AN exceptionally geed No. 2 Remington, No. I
. Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals. $2 50. Th«
Typewriter Exchange. 538 California st.
FOR sale— Very, cheap, a Fisher billing and
bcokwrtting typewriter. -XNICIPAL LOAN
OFFICE. 907 Market st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. *-*
DIVIDEND notic* — Itallan-Americaa Bank.
460 Montgomery st.. cor. Sacramento— For
the half year endins December 31. 1905, a
dividend has been declared on all savings de-
posits at the rate of 3 60-100 per cent per
annum, free cf taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday. January 2. 1906. Dividends not
called for are added to and bear the same
rate of interest as the principal. A. E.
SBARBORO. Cashier.
THE Central Trust Company of California, 42
Montgomery ac, corner of Butter^ — For the
half year ending December 81, IJWS. a divi-
dend has been declared on, the deposits ia
the savings department of this bank 'as fol-
lows: On term deposits at the rau» of 3 8-10
per cent per annum and on ordinary deposits
at the rate of 3^ per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after Tuesday. January 2, 1900.
HENRY BRUNNER, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— Humboldt Savings Bank.
628 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel— For the
half year ending December 31. 1905, a divi-
dend has been declared at tha rat» of three
and sixty one- hundredth* (3.00) per cent per
annum on deposits, free of all taxes, pay-
able on and after Tuesday. January 2. ISHkS.
W. E. PALMER, Cashier. \u25a0
DIVIDEND notl<» — Security Savings Bank,
310 Montgomery st. — For the half year end-
ing December 30. l»05, dividends upon all
deposits at the rate of three and one-half
(3 to) per cent per annum, free of taxes, will
be payable en and after January 2. 1900.
FRED W. RAY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice. — Savings and Loan Bociety.
101 Montgomery st.. corner of Sutter. has
declared a dividend for the term ending De-
cember 31. 1905. at the rate of three and
one-half <3*&) cer cent per annum, oa all
deposits, free of taxes, and payable on and
after January 2. 1906. Dividends not called
for —re added to and bear the same rate of
Interest as principal. EDWIN BONNELL,
cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice. California Safe Deposit and
Trust Co., corner California and Montgomery
sts. For the six months* ending December
81, 1905. dividends have been declared on the
deDosits in the savings department of this
comoany as follows: On term deooslta, at
the rate of 3 9-10 cer cent per annum, and
on ordinary deDosits at the rate of 3^ per
cent cer annum, free of taxes, and oayable
on and after Tuesday. January 2, 1906. J.
DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
DIVIDEND Notice — Italian -American Bank.
460 Montgomery St.. corner Sacramento and
Montgomery sts. For tne half year ending
December 31. 1903. a dividend has been dn-
clared on all savings deposits at the rate of
3 60-100 per cent per annum, free of taxes,
payable on and after Tuesday January 2.
1806. Dividends not called for are added to
and bear tha same rate of interest as tha
principal. A. E. SBARBORO. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice. Mechanics' Savings Bank.
143 Montgomery st.. corner. Bush — For th*
half year ending December 31. 1903, a divi-
dend has been declared on ail savings de-
posits, free of taxes, at the ra-te of three and
one-half (3%) per cent per annum, payable
en and after Tuesday. January 2. HWtJ. Divi-
dends not called for are added to and bear
the same rate of Interest as pria cipal. Inter*
eat paid from date of deposit.
JNO. U. CALKINS. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — Mutual Savings Bank
of San Francisco. 710 Market «t. — For tha
half-year ending Dacember 31, 1905. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of three
and one-half <3H) p«r cent per annum oa
all deposits, compounding serni-annuaily.
free of t— xes. and payable on and after
Tuesday, January 2, 1906.
. GEO. A. STOUT. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice. San Francisco Saving*
Union. 532 California St., cor. Webb— For th*
half year ending with Dec. 81. 1900. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rates per an-
num of three and six-tenths (3 6-10) per cent
on term deposits and three and one-third
(3 1-3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after Tuesday, Jan.
2. 1906. LOVELL WHITE, cashier.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion of 801 California St.. San Francisco. ha»
declared a dividend for the six months ending
December 31. 1905, of 3 per cent per annum
on ordinary deposits. 8 per cent on term de-
posits and 8 per cent on class "F" stock*
payabls on and after January 6. 1900. *v*
WASHINGTON DODGE. President.
WILLIAM CORBIN. Secretary.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK. 315 Montgomery
et. ; for the half year ending Dec. 31. 1909.
a dividend has been declared at the rate of
, three and one-half (3%i) per cent per an-
num on all deposits, tree of taxes, payable
on cr after January 2. 1906. LEON BOC-
QUERAZ. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice. German Savings and Loaa
Society, 628 California st.— For the half year
ending Dec. 31, 1903. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and six-tenths
(S 6-10) per cent per annum on all deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after Tuesday.
Jsn. g. 1900. GEORGE TOURNY. Pacretary.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
NORCROSS Institute cures stammering: new,
scientific, complete. Office. Market & Taylor. •
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
Engraved wedding Invitations, visiting & busi-
ness, cards, crests, etc.; high-class work; mod-
erate rates. J. H. Duncan. 12tt Kearny. rs. l-X
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Tb« following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Giovanni CorvL 25, city, and Maria Pon-
rlnl. 10. city.
Gottfried Haider, 47. Wenatchee. Wash, and
Sophia Fraasch, 4rt. Wenatchee. Wash.
. Andrew . Bonacich. 23. ISO 2 Dupont street,
and Katrina. Aniani, 21. 1301 Dupont street.
John . E» Heckert. 23. HolUster, and Evelyn
L. Ma*. 21. 7:i5 Eddy street.
Wood C. Baker. 2», 419 Cortland avenue, and
Eva L. Offield. 25. 201)0 Vallejo street.
Charles Soderholm. 40. 15 Verona place, and
Mary Green. 27. 2 Gabriel clace.
Joseph 2. Watson. 32. 152t» Turk street, and
Anna M. Dubler, 23. Los Anzeles.
Thomas W. Swan, 23, 1724 Bryant avenue,
and Sadie E. Bell. 22. 26>i Connecticut street
Thomas J. Bass. 21. 132S Pine street, and
Julie Forestier. IS. 1528 Pine street.
Charles R. Jone«, 37, 552 Capp street, and
Marsaretha Dobner, 34, 777 Ellis street.
Paul J. Crowley. 50. 1878 Green street, and
Josephine Little. S5. Oakland.
Rafaele- Boron!. 23. 2 :t» HamDshire street/
and Anglollna Balzarint. 19. 236 Hampshire at
Albert C. Ptot. 23, 432 Jackson street, and
Rose M. Gentlllon. 1». 432 Jackacn etreet .
Paul Scaletti. 30. II2S Howard street, and
Rosi Masscnl. 20, 437 Broadway.
Pietro Massoni. SO, 2100 Fillmoro street .and
Severina Plsani. 23, SWI Buehar.an street. -
Walter A. Mac Donald, 25. Eureka, and Elis-
abeth I. Dicklnscn. 20. Eureka,
Andrew E. Johnston. 2« Mendocino, and
Charlotte E- Gray. 25. Mendocino.
Michael Calmy, 23. 1235 Howard street, and
Eusenle Laxer. 22. 1233 Howard street.
. \
EIETHS— MAREIAKS— DEAI B&
Birth, marriajr* and death notices tent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the oubllcation offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.- -' . .
BORN, , ~
DA VIES— In this city, on the Pre»ldto Reser-
vation. December ltf. • 19C5. to the wife of
E. W. - Davtes. . a son. \u25a0
JACOBI— In this city. December 27. 1903. to
. the wife of Alexander Jacobr." a son.
GILBPRT— In " this city. December 18. 1905,1
to the wife of Henry Gilbert, a daughter..
MARRIED.
GROSS— GRIM£3^-Tn" this city December 23.
1903. by the Rev. Herman Qehrcke. Otto
Paul Gross and Rose Grimes, both of - this
\u25a0 city. . - - \u25a0-\u25a0 '
Continued oa Pace 13. * ,
1112
DIED.
.Mbers Wilhelmina. 72 Mannix. John, 65
Psr-ron. George McXally. John, .9
iSoldt. John H.,59 Mead Blanche D
Breltw»rser. Amie Meunier Margaret. 17
•Mc fe *. Hermann. CO Moore. lUlen Mills
Bjimi. Rocco. 41 Nelson. Jaffß M- R p
•Cbalroerß. Dr. G.F..57 Nelson. Thomas 81
-.handier. Martha A. Paravane aterlna,S4
Oonroy. Madeline R..4 Parcdi, Maria. 56
'\u25a0jmningham. Geo.. 55 Peck. Jesse T..^
oiitmcr. Meta. 6^ Pierce, John. .8
Dorsey. Ar.nie. 31 Pike. F; «*"*•,. 4*4 *
Fleming. Michael. 30 Price. N«!Hf. 44
(Ja.la.nd. James, Hi air.gwood.Ca th& rlne.B4
Ormhaiß. William. 44 *ab?l. * lu W» M - J*
Grttfin. Lizzie B. Schoneld, \> llUam. 35
OuMerins. George. 56 Scrlvner. Kate JS
Healer. Lewis John Smith, Annie M. 55
ilinde". AmVfroee. S7 Smith. Nick C. J»
Jacobi (infant) ?vark. S. :;„ ;
Kearney. Jamfs T. Temple. oa.ra \ .
King. Amelia M.. 20 Thompson J. * .. <*
Kraft, Annie. 27 Trainer. Catherine. U
J.ar.lhi*r. Mabel '^'^ r - W \. 39.
l-Hum<-isler.Florenee,2G A\<!ichel, \\m. M.. ( o»
i.enii-an, it. .1.. 31 White. Henry, .>-
l^jjan. Dr. M. H.. 50 Witt. A. J. T.. S mcs.
.ALBERS— In this city. December 2t>. 19£5. "
heimina A., dearly beloved wife of B Mar-
• kus Aibers and devoted mother of Mrs.
. Minna Me<-*e« and Mrs. H. M. Wredeu. a na-
• lire cf Ncrdieda. Hanover. Germany, agea
• * 72 yf ars '.', months and 15 days.
CT'Friord!' and acquaintances are respe-ct-
fi ay invited to atu-nd the services to-elsy
.Thursday DwomV-er -S. at 2 a clock p. in.
at the ivsidon.-c of her daughter. Mrs. M.
M. Wreden. 847 Fiilmor* »tr»et. near Ful-
ton. Interment private. Kindly omit flowers.
IJAKUOX- In this city. December 27. 1805,
<.Jeo;ee beloied husband of Mary A. bar-
• nn and brotliT-in-law of Mrs. E. J. Baimy
and John T. Unckman, a native of Ireland.
1 Hart-ford Conn., papers please copy.)
£7 Friends and aoqualnifc. are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Friday • st 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from his
ia:e residence. 17C2 Larkin street, thence to
ft. Brigid's Church, where a solemn requiem
' hich mpt* will be celebrated for the repose
of his scul. commencing at 10 o'clock a. in.
Interment National <.en;etery, Preuiaio.
BORNHOLDT— IB this city, December 20, 1905,
John 11. beloved husband of Louise \N .
\u25a0 Hornholdt and father of John W. Bjrnholdt.
a nstive of Germany. a«cd 59 years 10
cioniha and 25* ilayn.
CjTriends and acquaintances =r« v#si*ct-
tully invited to attend ths funeral to-morrow
• Friday). December 29. at B'M o'clock a. m..
•from ii\a late residence, SO4O Fulton street.
between Sixth and Seventh avenues, Ricn-
rnoi.d District, thence to Pt. James Mission
• •hurrh dement street, .near Sixth avenue,
hi.-hm<!nd Dis-trict, wbere services will b«
' held commencing at 10 fl- m. Interment
Oi.re?* U«n Cemetery.
j>Ki;iTWi:i.SEK— In Warm Springs. December
. 2>i. l^S. Amie. btloved wife of Charles
Brritweiaer. snd devotfd mtnher of William,
ULarcaret. Oharle-F. FreJ. John and the late j
Xhomaa Brdtwefscr, a native of Ireland.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respeet-
ru!y hrvtted to attend the funeral Thursday. 1
December 2*. at 9 o'clock, from her late
. residence, thence to Mission San Jose, where
a it-quiem high mats will b» celebrated for
. . the mwse- of her soul. corr.nvncinK at 10 j
o'clock. Interment Mission San Jose. •
'BlT.iji;- In this city. December 26. 1905, Her- )
manr., beloved husband of Catherine Bues*. i
< and lather of George Sothmann. a native of |
. Germany. ag<-d (JO years and 23 day*.
CTTriends, acoualmacces and oificers and j
. n-.'irr-crs of Couu Prvcita No. S39S. I. O. j
Foresters, arc r»spectfully invited to attend :
J the funeral to-day -Thursday), at 1 :30 1
!\u25a0. m., from the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1
li:i7 Mission street, between Seventh and ;
Eighth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, j
BI'LETTI— In thie city, December 25. 1905, ]
Itcx-eo Buletti. dearly beloved husband of Er-
-mirla and father cf Margarita and Antonio
I'alcttt. a native of Switzerland, aged 41
• years 4 months and 9 daya.
.." . g7Frie&da and aoqualniaives are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.(Friday). £t 12:30 o'clock p. m., from the
parlors of Valf-nte, Marini & Co., 1524 Stock-
•ton firret. thence to Masonic Temple, Post
• ajid Montgomery streets, where services will
b<? h«ld under the auspices of 6peranza Ital-
ian Ixdae No. 21U. F- end A. M.. at 1
p. ru.. thence to I. O. O. F. C*metery-
"C'HAliMKßS- In this city. December 26, 1905,
*•. Dr. George F. Chalmers, husband of Minnie
Snyder Chalmers, snd brother of Helen.
- Grace, J. Frank and Waltt-r N. Chalmers of
." Ontario, P. J. ChalmeTs of Stockton. Cal..
at:d th* late Captain Thomas Cfcalmers, a
. native of Ontario, aged 37 years.
%y Funeral services will be held to-day
(Tliurwday), at 2 p. m., at his late residence,
Nile-s, Cal.
CHAKDLER-^-lB this city, December 24. 1905.
Xlartha A. Chandler, beloved mother of Mrs.
Eibridge Durbrow. OValtham. Mass.. pa-
pers please copy. )
CT lnterment took place December 26.
CON ROT — In this city, December 25, 1905.
lltdellne Ruth, dearly beloved daughter of
.I'ettr T. and Annie Conroy, and Bister of
Gt-rtrude Conroy, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 years 11 months and 5 days.
.". • E7*Fr!«nds and acquaintances are respect-
.' fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Thursday), et 12:45 o'clock p. m. from her
late residence. 3b Belcher street, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth, Church and San-
•i. -z. thence to Mission Dolores Church for
. services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
; CUNNINGHAM— In this city, December 27,
ly«s, George, brother of Jaraes Cunningham.
. and uncle of Annie and Elizabeth Doyle and
• Mrs. Alexander Stewart, a native of Ireland,
aif-d 55 yefcrs.
CyNotiee of funeral hereafter. Remains
st the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
". lJif-i»on street, between Third and Fourth.
DlTTMfcli— At rest, in this city, December 26,
iyos. Meta. beloved wife of the late Fred-
erick Dltuner, and devoted mother of Mrs.
Katie Siebke and Hermann Dittmer. and
grandmother or Alfred and Clara Siebke, a
native of Germany, aged 63 years and 9
(Jays.
• eirServiees will be held to-morrow (Fri-
. . day), Dect-rr.ber 2U, at 2 o'clock p. m., at
* - the parlors ot H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth. In-
. u-rment private. Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
* tlectric funeral car.
DORSEY— In this city. December 26, 1905,
* Annie-, beloved wife of William Dorsey.
mothf-r of Irma Knack, daughter of Fred
and Meta Dahmke, and adster of C. F. and
G. H. Dahroke. a native of San Francisco,
a^«-d ."51 years 10 months and days.
C^Services will be held to-morrow <Frl-
<iay> at 10:30 o'clock &. m., at her late resi-
. elence, 7'M Treat ave-nue, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first streets. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car
Irom Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
FLEMING— In this city, December 26, 1905,
Mie-haW. dearly !>eloved son of the late David
* and Sarah Fleming, and nephew of Mre.
Mary Drucker and Frank and Patrick Grim-
iey, a native ot San Francisco, aged 30 years
. l<# jnontfcs and 7 daya
C 7 Friends and acquainuinces axe refpect-
fuil}- :nvit«?d to attend the funeral to-<lay
• Thursday). December 28, at 9 o'clock a. m.,
* :rom the Darlore of Valente, Marini & Co..
. IXC* Stockton street, thence to St. Francis
• . Ohurcfc, where a requiem high mass will be
. <-e'.e'jrated for the repose of his soul, com-
menetns at 9 :30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Ce-mc-tery.
•GARLAND — In this city, December 25, 1905,
James Garland, a native of Encland, aged
fc.Vye'ars. 1 Stevedore-engineer.)
ZZTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
* 'Friday;, at 10:50 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadden. Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion titree-t. between Seventh and Eighth.
' Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
* • a. m. trcin.
GRAHAM— Ia this city, December N27.N 27. 1905,
. William Graham, beloved son of Ann Orr,
and brother of Annie Orr and Mrs. Mattie
*• Hchawtr, a native of Brooklyn. N. V;, aced
m 41 jears.
O:tJttr» and mtmb»rs. Golden Gate Coun-
cil No. 34, Y. M. I. — You are hereby notified
* to attend the funeral of our late brother,
.William J. Graham, from his late residence,
Shipley street. Notice of funeral here-
after. Fines for non-attendance.
J. J. ROWE. President.
E. L. HARRINGTON. Cor. Sec.
GRIFFIN — In this city, December 27, 1905,
'. Lizzie 8.. (laughter of the late John and
»T:;i'-n» T :;i'-n Griffin, &nd elster of James Griffin.
Mrs. J. B. O'Connor, Mrs. T. Irvin and the
late Mrs. P. Mulvenay and Mrs. J. s.
• . I'hillipx. a native of California.
• EJTriends are respectfully Invited to at-
• tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), from
12 Hill Etreet. thtnee by 7:45 a. m. train
. to Church of the Assumption, Tomales, whert
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 11 a. m. Interment
Tomales.
. GL'LLERING — In the City aad County Hoe-
pit&l. December 27. 1905. George Gullering,
. a native ot Germany, aged 56 years.
HUALEY— In this city, December 26, 1905,
• l^ewlg John, dearly beloved sen of Edward
J. ar.d Maria Annette Healey, and brother
rf William E., Eug<-ne and Matilda Healey
. t and Mrs. N. H. Wolff, a native of San Fran-
c!sco.
Grrrierids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Thursday). December 2S, ]90S, at a o'clock
• a. ra. from St. Mary's Cathedral. Inter-
ment pr/ivato.
HINDS— In this city. December 27. 1005
b< os+. beloved husband cf Lydie Hindi, 'and
; father of F. A. lAwson. a native of New
Hampshire, aged 87 yeers 6 months and 10
days.
.JACOEI— In thte city. December 27, 1905 in-
fant iwn of Alexander and Caroline Jacobi
a native of Sen Franclaco.
.GHAS. H.J. TRUMAN & GO.
The Load ins
FUNERAL DIRECTORS
Of San Francisco.
* 1909 MISSION STREET
Bet. 15th and 16th. Telephone Mission 103
jMcAvoy, O'Hara&Co.
j FirXEUAI, DIRECTORS.
j Removed to Their New Parlors.
j tti-27i hates st., » pi . kt. :qsaiiv& church
i Lfefij- AseUujJte. Telephone Couth. 247. J
KEARNEY— In this city, December 27. 1905.
at St. Luke's Hospital, James T. Kearney,
beloved son of the late Mrs. B. J. Nagle. and
beloved brother of Mrs. E. Pyne. malrl _
Cr Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the cariors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. (07
Mission etreet.
KING— In Oakland, Cal.. December 2G. 1900.
Amelia M.. beloved wife of William F. King",
mother of William Eugene King, sister of
Ml»s N. Van Patten. Mr</E. Berner and
Miss Al'ce Van Patten, and. dauchter or
H. 13. Van Patten, a native of Los Anceles,
Cal . aged years •'< months snd 28 days.
KRAFT— In Frultvale. Cal.', December 27,
1905. at corner of Park and Glascock streets,.
.Annie, beloved daughter of Adam and Marie
Krr.ft. and sister of Elea and Alfred Kraft,
a native of California, aged 27 years tt
months and 5 days.
tOlriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday). December 29, at 1 o'clock p. m..
irom her late home, oorner of Glascock and
I'ark strec-ta, Frultvale. Take Alaroeda car
to Tidal Canal bridce. .
LANTHIER— In San Jose, Cal.. December 25,
1905, Mabel Lanthier. beloved wife of Louis
L Lanthier. daughter of Mrs. M. Whltters
and the late W. H. Whltters. and slater of
Mrs. Jennie Berlin. Mrs. Ida H. Jonrensen
and Mre. Laura M. Grady, a native of San
Francisco.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
full;- Invited to attend the iun°r.il s*-rvic»E
to-day <Tluirsday), December 23, at 1:30
o'clock p. m., at the home of her mother,
:{Ki Thirtieth street, between Church and
Sanchez. Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
LAI'JIEISTEH— In this city. December 2V,
IWO, Florence A., beloved wife of Francis
W. Ltumeister. mother of Francis W. and
Vinc«nl A. Laumeisier. daughter of Mary
and the late George Smith, and elster of Jo-
seph A.. William A., John C. and Raymond
R. Smith and Mrs. B. D. Connelly, a native
of Woodland. Tuba County, Cal., asred 26
years and 2 months.
ZZT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 a. va., from the parlors of
McFadden. Mcßresrty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem hich mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, .at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
L.ENIHAN— In this city, December 27, 1905.
Richard J. Lenihan, beloved son of Honoria
and the Tate Edmund L«nlhan, and brother
of Winifred (Nettie), Patrick and W. F. Len-
lhaa, Mrs. Albert Roper and Mrs. J. J. Ma-
loney, and the late Thomas M.,' Jack and
Delia Lenihan, a native of Clare Galway,
County Galway, Ireland, aged 31' years.
E7FriendB are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), De-
cember 29, at 9 o'clock a. m., trom the par-
lora of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7C7 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at fl:30 a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Crocs Cemetery.
LOGAN— In this city. December 28. 1905, at
the residence of his parents, Dr. Milburn
Hill Logan, a native of Illinois, axed 60
years 4 months ana 20 days. A member of
Mizpab Court No. 1.
C3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral eervlces
to-day iThursday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., at
the Mission Masonic Temple, under the aus-
pices of Mission Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.
Interment St. Helena, Cal.. Friday, Decem-
ber 29.
MANNIX— In this city, December 26. 1903,
John Mannix, belcved brother of Tbomas,
Margaret and Julia Mannix, a native of
County Galway, Ireland, aged 65 years 3
months ar.d 11 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are rupKt-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 5:45 o'clock a. m., from the
residence of his brother, 1807 Poßt street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will b« celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:80 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McNALLY--In this city. December 26. 1905,
John, beloved husband of Sadie R. McNally,
and lather of Mabel G. McNally, a native
of New York, aged 79 years 5 months and
27 day.-. (Nevada papers please copy.)
ETTriends and acquaintances aru respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), December 28, at 10:30 a. m.,
from his late residence, 2378 Mission street.
thence by electric funeral car from corner
of Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 1L
o'clock a. m.. thence to Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery for interment.
MEAD — At Byron Hot Springs. Cal.. Decem-
ber 26, 1905. Blanche Lmrant Mead, wife of
Lewi* Risdon Mead, and mother of Dr. Louis
Durant Mead.
Elr Funeral services at 1:30 p. m., Thurs-
day, December 28, at the Church of the
Advent, corner of Sixteenth street and
Twelfth avenue, East Oakland. - .
MECNIER— In this city, December 26, 1905,
Margaret Meunier, beloved daughter of Bar-
bette «nd the late Louis Meunier, and sister
of Mrs. J. A. Toninl and John. Martha and
Willie Meunier a native of New York, aeed
17 years 5 months and 15 days.
MOORE— In this city, December 25, 1905,
Ellen Mills Moore, dearly beloved wife of the
late James Moore, and loving mother of Mrs.
Nellie * Bennett. Mrs. Annie Kraeft, Mrs.
Maggie McKvoy, Mrs. Katie Murray and the
late Henry Moore, and devoted grandmother
of Thcxnas J. Stone, a native of Longford,
Ireland.
C7Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 12 o'clock, at her late
residence. 313 Green street, thence to St.
Francis Church for funeral services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NELSON— In this city. December 2(5. 1905.
James M., beloved son of James and the late
Bridget Nelson, and loving brother of Jo-
sephine Nelson and Mrs. E. Hornbeck and
Mrs. G. Cullen and the late John E. Nelson
and the late M. C. Hughes, a native of San
Francisco, aged 29 years 8 months and 29
days. A member of t-an Francisco Aerie No.
5, F. O. E.
CTbe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 275 Shipley street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
Members of San Francisco Aerie No. 5, F.
O. E.. are requested to assemble at his late
residence. 275 Shipley street, to attend the
funeral to-day (Thursday), at 9 o'clock sharp.
NELSON — In Centerville, Alameda County
Cal., December 1 26, 105, Thomas, beloved
hueband ot the late Mary Nelson, and loving
uncle of Michael Culligan and Mary, Ethel
and Kate Little, a native of Selt, Germany,
aged 81 years 10 months and 11 days.
JCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday
December 28, 1905, from his late residence,
Centerville, Alameda County, Cal. thence
to Catholic Church, where a solemn' requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 11 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Centerville, Alameda County, Cal.
PARAVAGNA— In this city, December 25
1905. Caterina Paravagna, beloved wife of
the late Lulgl Paravagna, and lovln?
mother of Adelaide Grondona, Josephine Par
dinl and the late Domlnick and Nicholas
Paravagna, a native of Italy, aged 84 years.
(TyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday
December 28, 1905, at 9:30 o'clock a m
from her late residence, 813 rnlon street'
thence to Sts. Peter and Paul's Italian
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. ra. Thence to cem-
etery.
PARODI— In this city, December 26 1905
Maria beloved wife of the late Giovanni
Parodi, and beloved mother of Giuseppe Gia-
coxno and L<iigl, Eugenia, Ida and Lena
Parodi. a native of Geneva, Italy, aged 50
years.
PECK— In Stockton, Cal.. December 26 1905
Jesse Tnicedell Peck, a native of San" Fran-
clsco, aged 39 years.
•JErT 0 ? 5 fun t?L Wl " take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:30 a. m., from the rrrlors
of Porter & White, 445 Golden Gate avenue
Interment private.
PIERCE: — In this city. December 25, 1903
John Pierce, a native of TauKhmaconnell'
County Rosccmmon, Ireland, aged 78 years'
zy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 750 Fourteenth street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a requiem
mass will ba celebrated for the repose of his
.soul at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. -
PIKE^ — In this city. December 27, 1905 at his
late residence, 836 Haight street, F. Harry
Pike, beloved husband .of Mary Pike, and
\u25a0 father of Rose M. and Alice F. Pike and the
late Ethel M. Pike, a native of Bristol, Eng-
land, aged 44 years 11 months and 4 days.
PRICE— In this city, December 26. 1905,
Nellie Price, a native of Boston, Macs., aged
44 years. .
!7"rhe funeral will take place Thursday
December 28, at 10 a. m. Interment Cyprees
Lawn Cemetery 1 , via 11:30 train. Remains at
the funeral parlors of James .McGinn & Co
214 Edd^ st.
RINGWOOD— In this city. December 27, 1905,
Catherine Rtngwood, - a native of County
Kildare, Ireland, aged St yeara.
SABEL— In Oakland, December 27, 1905, Hulda
Matilda Sabel. beloved daughter of Mrs. Au-
gust Sabel, and sister of Charles, Albert,
Adolf, Jennie, Hllma, Annie, Wlctor and
Elsa Sabel. a native of ' Sweden, aged 19
' years 1 1 months and 23 days.
SCHOFIEL.D— In this city, December 25, 1905,
William Schofleld, a native of England, aged
S5 years.
$07 Friends and acquaintances sre resinvl-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), December 28, at 10
o'clock a. in., under the auspices of Local
14S, J. B. I. U. of A., at the mortuary
j chapel of James Hagan & Co.. 4SI-51 Duboce
WOODLAWN CEMETERY,
San Mateo County.
MASOXIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
- CS« Junes Flood Euildinr, 8. F.
THE SAN- FRANCISCO- GALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 28, \u25a0 1905;
avenue (formerly Thirteenth etreet), near
Valencia street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. • , : \u25a0 V
SCRIVNER— In thin city, December 27, 1005,
Kate, beloved* wife of Thomas J. Scrlvner,
and mother of Madeline,' Lucile and "James
Scrlvner, and sister of Lizzie, Bridget and
the late Daniel Crowe, -a native of. County
Tlpperary, Ireland, aged 38 years.
ItyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
{Friday), at 9 a. m., from her late residence,
1535 Sanchez street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9:'iO
a. m.» Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. December 26. 1906, at
the residence, 103S Mission street, Annie
M., beloved wife of Frank Smith, and loving
mother of Mrs, R. Bulcock. Mrs. E. 'Mo-
Cray. Mrs. J. Turner and John King of Au«-
tralia. Mrs. F. Hewett, Miss Victoria King
and Cleveland and Fred Smith, a native of
England, aged 55 years.
ICyXotlce of funeral hereafter.
SMITH— In Los Angeles. December 24, 1905,
Nick C. Smith, beloved son of A. S. and
Mary S. Smith, and husband of. Amanda,
and father of Nick G. Smith, and brother of
John, France Stella, Lillie, Anthony and
Eva Smith and Mrs. J.- R. Bradstreet, ased
37 years and 1 month.
lE?" Friends and aeaua'.ntancea are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at' 9 o'clock a. m., trom the resi-
dence of his parents, i 230 Eleventh avenue.
Sunset, thence to Church of the Nativity, on
Fell street, near Franklin, where a BOlemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repo&e of his soul, commencing at 10 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
STARK— In New York. December 26. 1905,
S. Stark, beJo\-ed huoband of Sophie Stark,
father of Camllle, Rita, May and Alma
Stark, and brother of Isiflor, Albert and
i Gustavo Stark, Mrs. Ot. Herzlg and Cantor
E. J. Stark of San Francisco.- .
TEMPL,E>-In thta city, December 27, 1005,
Clara V. beloved wife of Albert Temple,
and daughter of Mrs. R. Bennett, a native of
Freemont, Ohio. .
THOMPSON— In this city, December 27. 1903,
James Franklin Thompson, beloved . husband
of Minerva J. Thompson, and father of Mrs.
Ella Georgeson. Mrs. Cora A. Speegft, Mrs.
Minerva M. Powell and Miss Edith Rose
Thompson, a native of Erie County, Pennsyl-
vania, aged 61 years 6 months and 28 days.
. • C7*Funeral services of the late James
Franklin Thompson, Past Grand Master of
the I. O. O. F. of California, will be hold at
the chapel of N. Gray & Co., 612-614 Yon
NeEs avenue, this morning at 10:30. . Re-
mains will be shipped to Eureka, Cal., at
1:80 p. m. for interment. Veteran Odd Fel-
lows, Rebekahs and members of . the order
are invited to attend.
GEORGE T. SHAW, Grand Secretary.
TRAINER— In this city, December 25, 19C5.
Catherine, wife of John H. Trainer, and
mother of Belle, Florence and Charles
Trainer, and aunt of Mrs. Anna J. Kohl, a
native of Bandon, County Cork, Ireland, aged
42 yearp.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), December 29, at 8:30 o'clock a. m.,
from tne parlors of J. C, O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street, thence to St. Rose' 8 Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for tho repose of her soul at 9 a. m.
.TURNER— In this city, December 26, 1905.
Charles Turner, a native of England, aged
73 years.
WElftHEL— December 26, 1905, William ' Mc-
Murray Welghel, aged 39 years and 9 "months.
WHITE— In this city, December 25, 1805,
Henry, beloved husband of Annie White, and
father of James, Donald and Mrs. George
Plato, a native of Liverpool, England. ' aged
fi2 yeara 11 ' months and 6 days. (.Brooklyn
and New York papers pleaee copy.)
p^Frlends and acaiialntances ars respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
December 2S, *\u2666 12:30, from the parlors ot
Julius 3. Godeau, 810 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. . ,
WITT— In this city. December 27, 1905 Alfred
J. T., dearly beloved and only son or Jochin
and Anna Witt, and loving brother of Anna,
Mabel, Josephine and Henrietta Witt, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 8 months and IS
days. •
CARD OF THANKS.
Lunsmann — We herewith desire to express
cur sincere thanks to our many kln/1 rela-
tives and friends who by their tender love,
comforting sympathy and beautiful floral
offerings helped to lighten the bitter sorrow
lately Buffered In the loss of our dearly be-
loved children, Emma Ddlth and Hazel
Friederlke Lunemann.
MR. and MRS. J..F. LUNSMANN
and Family.
COMMERCIAL NEWS.
Continued From l'age 13.
California Stock and OH Exchange.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Arline ' 27. .;..
Abso. Oil Stk. Tr. Cer 55 , 56
Claremont 1 12V&
Forty t 48 50
Four 30 ....
Hanford • 260 00. /
Home 45
Imperial 16 00
Kaweah 40 '
McKittrlck 09 11
Monarch of Arizona 15
Monte Cristo 75
Oil City Petroleum 71 73
Senator ••• 1 60
Sterling 1 25 •••\u2666
Superior 05
Thirty-three 5 00 ....
Toltec "60.
Twenty-eight * 00 < .5
Union ieB 00
West Shore 1 50
Gas and Electric —
Northern Cal. Power 15 00 ....
Miscellaneous Stocks—
FUcher R. Theater Co 1 00 • 1 23
North Shore Railway 7 00'
Miscellaneous Bonds —
Asso. Oil Co. 5% (1022) 81 25
Los Angeles Railway 5%... H8 62*4
S. V. Water 4% 3d mortgage) .... 100 00
Morning Session.
Board— .
90 Four Oil 30
Afternoon Session.
Board
600 Oil City Petroleum 72
Morning Session.
Street—
500Arllne...t 30
Mining vStocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGK.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
9:30 a. m. Session— Cbmstocks.
200 Belcher 23 300 Seg Belcher. . 12
COO Caledonia ... 58 100 Sierra Nev. .. 28
600 Overman .... 15 200 Sierra Nev... 29
200 Potosi 09| 200 Yellow Jacket 14
- 12 m. Informal Session — Comstocks.,
100 Andes 20 100 Seg Belcher.. 12
700 Caledonia ••• 56 200 Begr Belcher.. 11
SOO Con Va M...1 80 100 Sierra Nev... 29
200 Crown Point. 1+ 100 Sierra Nev. . . 30
400 Gould & Cur. 23 200 Silver Hi 11... 86
200 Mexican ....130 300 Silver Hi 11... 87
600 Overman .... IB 300 Union C0n.... 46
\u25a0300 Savage 01 100 Utah 05
100 Savage 52; 100 Yellow Jacket 14
2 p. m. Session — Comstocks.
300 Con Va M...1 30 100 Savage ...... 52
450 Hale & Norc.l CO 800 Seg Belcher.. 11
600 Mexican ....1 30 . 200 Silver Hi 11... 83
100 Ophir 5 87^4 100 Union Con 45
SCO Overman .... 13| 200 Yellow Jacket 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
- Bid.Ask.l • .". BltAak.
Airha •• 05 07 Gould & Cur. 22 24
A lta .." 02 03 Hale ft. Nora 1001 OS
Andes 1» 21 Julia 04 05
Belcher 22 24 Justice .05 06
Best & 8e1..l 30 140 Kentuck ..... 01 02
Bruni Chollr — 01 Lady Wash... 02 —
Bruns C Va. — .07 Mexican 180 1 35
Bruns Q& C — 01 Occidental :. ..92 96
Bruns Potosi — 01 Ophir 5 87H 600
Bruns Savage — 04 Ophir- Bruns. . 07 10
Bullion ..... 26 28 Overman .... 12 13
Caledonia ... 62 D 3 Potosi ... 08 10
Challenge ... 19 20 Savage ...... 52 (3
Chollar 17 18 Scorpion ..... 12 13
Confidence .. 85 U0 Seg Belcher.. 10 11
Con Va M...1 25 1 ."0| Sierra Nev... 29 60
Con Imperial 01 Silver- Hi11... 87 .88
Con NY 03 04! Syndicate .... —f 11
Crown Point. 12 141 Union C0n.... 44 48
E Sierra Nev — 05| Utah 04 05
Eureka C0n..3 20 8 50! St Louis ..... 08 ;,—
Exchequer . .... 40 4l| Yellow Jacket 13- 14
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
1000 Adams . . Ott! 10,500 Kendall ... 50
2000 Blue Bull ... . 06 1000 Kendall \u25a0 10. 49
6000 Bullfrog Com 05 1000 Kendall . 51
1000 Bullfrog Com 06 4500 Kendall ..... 52
1000 Bullfrog Mln 40 1000 Mayflower ... 15
1000 Blfg M, b6O 41 1000 M Shoshn Ex. '18
1000 Columbia Mt 18 COO May Queen.-. .16
UOOO -Do, b 60... 19 100 Mont T0n. ..2 47>4
2000 Den Bullfrog .32 .500 MontrTon ...2 45
6500 Dm B Btte C 41 600 Mont T0n,b30.2 50
1000 Dm B Btte C 42 1066 Rescue,....:. 08
2000 Dixie 06 2000 Nev.GoMfleld. 23
1000 Eclipse, 6 10 S4 .500 Do. . s 30. .. - 22
400 Forest City.. 29 200 North Star... 50
100 Forest City.. 80 6500 North Star. .. 51
1000 Gold Bar ... . 33 5200 Red Top ... .1 20
500 Goldfield Mln 63 1000 R Top, s 10.1 20
500 Goldfield Mln 61 2500 R Top, s 30.1 20
1000 Golden Terra. 25 200 Sandstorm ... 73
4700 Home ..'..... 21 1000 Sandstorm ... 76
3000 Home, b 90... 22 2000 St Ives 12
2000 Jim Butler. .; 75 1000 Blmont. b 80.2 30
25C0 J Butler Ex. 201,500 Ton Mdwayri 57^4
1500 Kendall ..... 48 500 Ton Midway.. 1 60
500 Kendall, slO 4S|, ,
Afternoon Session.
1000 Adams, b CO. . 0« 9200 Kendall 54
1000 Amethyst ... ;14 1000 Kendall. «; 10 C 3
5000 Amthyst,.b9oS 16 1000 Kendall. \u25a0 15 C 4
5000 Atlanta ..... 11 2000/Kendall. b 15 55
1000 Blue Bull ... 06 2000 Laguna ...... 15
2000 B Bull, b 90. 07 200 MacNamara.. '« 36
5000 Bullfrog Com C 6 3000 M - Queen, slO *14
.1000 Bullfrog Mln 40 2000 Mohawk ...... 29
1000 Bullfg N Bk 17 200 Mont Ton. . .2 A7V,
4000 Columbia. Mt 19 2400 North" Star..;. ; 52
800 Conqueror .. 11(1600 Ohio Ton .... 26
000 Daisy ... 211 8500 Orig.' Bullfrog. 19
000 Den Bullfrog; 32 2000 Bed Top, eSO.I 20
5904 Dm B Btte. C 40 1000 Red Top, b90.1 25
600 Dm B Btte C 41 3000 Red Top 515.1 20
600 Eclipse ..... 35 1000 Red Top ....1 20
800 Eclipse, b 00 -37 2000 Rescue . V . . . ; ' 0!)
1500 G Anchr," elO - 821 1000 Rocco Hmstk. 90
' 500 G Anchr, slO 81 3000 Sandstorm ..." 75
1000 G Bar,' s 10. 36 1000 Sandstnn, blO 75
1000 Golden Terra. 125 500 St Ive» 12
500 Great Westrn 04 1000 Blmcnt, a 30.2 25
1000 Great Westrn 03 500 Ton Exten ..5 75
500 Jim Butler... 75 CCOO Home Con,b9o 07
200 Jumbo M Co. 951 ICO West End.. l 22&
1500 Jumbo Ex .. 18|. \u25a0
CLOSING' QUOTATIONS. •
, Tonopah District.
Bid. Ask. . Bid. Ask.
Belmont 2202 25 MacNamara. . Stt 37
.Belmont Ex.. — 12 Midway 1671 60
Boston Ton.. 06 C 9 Mizpah Ex . . 13 20
Brgr's JB Ex — 10 Mont Ton ...2 47 2CO
California... 05 — Mont Mid Ex. — 13
Cash Bojr .. 15 17 Monitor ..... 02 —
Colehan — 10 N V Ton Con 19 20
Eula Con ... — IT North Star... 52 54
Gold Anchor. 81 82 Ohio Ton .... 28 27
Gold Mt .... 08 09 Red Rock Ex 15
Gold Mt Con — 01 Rescue ...... 0» 10
Great Weatrn 03 04 Ton' Exten ..5 62 575
Ind Tonopah. — 01 Ton Hme Con 06 06
Home ....... 21- 22 TonSlv & Gld .15 —
Jim Butler:.., 73 75 Ton of Nev.ls 75 18 12
Little Ton ..150 2 00 Virginia ..... 10 —
Lucky Tom.. — .05 West End ...1 22 125
Goldfleld District.
Adams .. 05 06 Great Bend.*.. 05 —
Atlanta ..... 10 11 Highland — 13
Aurora — 06 Jumbo M Co. 94 9(J
Black Ants.. — 0i Jumbo Ex ... 17 18
Blk -Btte Kx. 01 02! Juno — 01
Black Rock.. 02 03 Kendall 54 55
Blue Bell ... 02 03 Kendall Ex.. 01 02
Blue 8u11'... 05 06 Laguna IB —
Brooklyn .... 01 02 Lone Star ... 06 07
Btte Goldneld 10 15 Lucky Star . . — 04
Bull & Bear. 02 03 May Queen... 14 15
Booth M Co. 10 — Mohawk 28 30
OOD 40 50 Nevada Boy.. 18 —
Columbia ... — 15 Ncv Goldfleld. 22 23
Columbia Mt 19 20 Nev Southern.' — 11
Conqueror •. . •11 12 Oakea ........ — . 08
Daisy 20 21 Oakland — 10
Diamond •. . . — 15 Pennsylvania. — 01
Dm B Btte C 40 41 Potlatch 03 —*
Dmdfld Trngl — 10 Red Lion .... 03 C 5
Dominion . .- — 10 Red Top ....1 20 122
Dixie :. 05 06 Red Top Ex. 03 04
Empire 04 05 Sandstorm ... 74 75
Exploitation. — 04 Sandstorm Ex 07 09
Fawn 05 — Sherman — C 9
Florence ....9 50 400 Silver Pick .. 10 11
Gold Dust .. — 07 Simmerons .. 16 20
Frisco — 12 St Ivea 11 12
Gold Hill ... — 02 Treasure 08 04
Goldfleld Mln 63 64 Verde — .02
Gldfld Rand. 06 06 Vernal 06 O<J
Goldfleld Ton — 07 Wonder ....'• — 01
\u25a0 Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... — 031 Gold Bar .... 85 36
Amethyst-... 14, 15 Gldfld Bullfrgr — 05
Big Bullfrog. — 10 Llge Harris.. 01 02
Bonnie Clare 65 — Mont Bullfrog 02 03
Bullfrog Mln 89 40 M Shoshn Ex. 13 —
Bullfrog Anx 01 02 Ohio Bullfrog. 15 —
Bullfrog Com Oft — Orig Bullfrog. 1,8 19
Bullfrog, Ex. 05 20 Pilot 20 —
Ulfrg Bundle 06 10 Pan Francisco 17" 19
Blfg Mayflwr 14 15 Shoshone .... — 08
Bullfg NBk 17 18 Shofihn B Gld 24 25
Blfrg Sunset. 07 C 8 Stelnway 11 12
Den Bullfrog 31 52 Ventura 1 05 11
Dn Blfg Anx 02 — Vista Grand*. — 05
EclipEe ..... 35 86 Wolverine ... 05 10
Other Districts.
Colorado .... — 14 Lynx Creek .. 84 —
Free Gold .. — 25 Paymaster ... 01, C 2
Gold Reed M — 25 Ray & O'Brien 06 W
Golden Terra. 25 — Rocc o Hmstk. — 90
Gold - Quartz. 40 — Rothwoll .... — 26
Kawich &B. — 13 Silver Peak.. — 17
Kawioh Gold. — 02 Southwestern. — 25
Kawch MCo — 04 Sylvanla 08 10
Llda Hawk.. — 65 Tokop Con ... 14 18
TONOPAH' MINING EXCHANGE.
. Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
9:15 a. m. Session.
600 Kendall, a 5. 4t)|
11 a. m. Session.
2000 Col Mt. b 30 IS 3500 Kendall. \u25a0 5. 50
3500 Dm B Btte C 41 2500 Kendall 51
500 Dm B Btte C 42 500 Kendall 52
1500 Do. a 10... 41 600 Mont T0n.. .2 42V
200 Gold Anchor. 83 3000 Rescue 08
3500 Goldfiald Mln 63 1000 Sandetorm ... 72
1500 Kendall 49[2500 Do, b 10... 73
8500 Kendall 50 1000 Ton N Star.. 51
2000 Kendall, a 10 50|
2 p. m. Session. !
1500 Blue Bull ... OC| 3000 Kendall, b 10 52
5000 Dm B Btte C 42. 5000 Kendall ..... 62
1000 Dm B Btte C 43 1000 M'Nmra, b 1 30 38
1000 Do, b 10... 43 1200 Mont T0n.. .2 47V4
1000 Do, s 10... 41 1500 Orig Bullfrog. 19
2000 Do, b 30... 44 10,000 Cash Boy.. 17
600 Dixie ...05H 1700 Ton Mdwsy.l 57^
500 Gld Mohawk. 29 800 Ton Midway.. 1 60
1000 Jim Butler... 75 2500 Ton N 1 Star.. 51
. CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
• Comstocks.
Bld.Ask. • Bld.Ask.
Alpha 04 C 6 Julia' 05 07
Alta 03 — Justice V. 05 06
Andes 10 20 Kentuck ..... — 01
Belcher 22 23 Lady Wash... — 04
Best & 8e1.'.l 80 1 35 Mexican .....1 30 1 35
Bullion 26 28 Occidental :.. 92 —
Caledonia ... 64 65 Ophir ......B 87% 000
Challenge ... 20 21 Overman .... 13 14
Chollar 17 18 Potosi 08 09
Confidence . . 85 90 Savage 62 63
Con Va M...1 30 135 Scg Belcher.. 00 10
Con Imperial — 01 Scorpion 12 IB
Con NY..., — 04 Sierra Nev... 29 30
Crown Point. 12 13 Silver Hi 11... 86 —
Exchequer . . 40 42 St Louis .... 06 03
E Sierra Nev — 04 Union C0n.... 45 46
Gould & Cur. 22 23 Utah 05 06
Hale & Norc.l 00 110 Yellow Jacket 13 14
Tonopah District.
Belmont .... —2 25 MacNamara. . 36 37
California ... 05 10 Midway 1551 60
Cash Boy . . 17 19 Mizpah Ex . . 15
Colehan ...,. — 09 Mont Ton ...2 45 250
Gold Anchor. 81 83 N V Ton Con — 20
Great Westrn — 04 North Star... 61 62
Home 21 23 Ohio 26 27
Home Con -». — 06 Paymaster ... — 01%
Ind Tonopah. — 01 Rescue 08 10
Jim Butler. .. 72 74 Ton Exten. s 37% 575
Little Ton . . . —2 75 Ton of Nev. —16 00
Lucky Tom.. — 05 West End ...1 20 1-25
Goldfleld District.
Adams — 06% Kendall 63 55
Blk Btte Ex. — 03% Lone Star ... 07 —
Black Rock.. 02 02% May Queen... 16
Blue B*ll ... — Ott Mohawk ..... 28 30
Blue Bull ... 05% 06 Nev Goldfleld. 22 25
-Brooklyn 01 02 Oakes OS
Columbia Mt 16 18 Oro .. — 05
Diamond — 15 Pa Goldfleld.. — 01
Dm B Btte C 40 41 Red Lion .... 08 —
Dixie 05 05% Red Top 1 20 1 30
Frisco — 07 St Ivea ...... 11 13
Exploitation. — 04 Sandstorm . .'. 68 —
Gldfld G Dct — 07 Sandstorm Ex — 10
Gld& G Reed — 10 Silver Pick .. 10 13
Goldfleld Nev 63 — Slmmerone . . 16 20
Jumbo M Co. 95 — Vernal 05
Jumbo Ex .... 17 18
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... 101 Llge Harris.. 01% 02
Beatty Blfrg. — •03 Mont Bullfrog — 03
Bullfrog Anx — 02( Orig Bullfrog. 19 21
Bullfrg Belle — 071 Shoshone — 09
Bullfg N- Bk 16 18| Vista Grande. — 05
Eclipse 30 31 1 Wolverine ... — 10
Other Districts.
Brown Hope. — 14| Hay & O'Brien 05
Esperanza .. — Oil Rothwoll .... io
Free Gold .. — 15 Silver Peak.. 16
Gold Mt Con — 02. Ton Berkeley. — 08
Kawich Gold. — 03 Ton Gold>Mt. 05 W
Nev Sunshine 15 — {
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 27,
T. J. and Adelaide 8. F. Jones to Mary.E.
Leonard, lot on S line of Broadway, - 123 El
of Van Ncsa avenue, E 20, S 137:6, W 5":5,
N 9:9»i, W 14:7. N 127:8*4. quitclaim deed;
*100. f
• Daniel A. and Anna D. Wllliama to Charles
Strohmaler. lot on N line of Fulton street,
109 E of Van Ness a»»nue. B 60, N 82, NW
to point opposite begiri.n:ngr, : S 76; |10.
. Lillian and T. ,'^ ttt ;;son , Ross and J. B.
and May Treadweh t « Clara S. Edmunds, lot
on E line of Laguna street, 81:6 S of Bush
8 66 by E 55; $10..
John F. and Catherine - Seymour to Joseph
Budde, lot onN : line; of Fulton etreet 187:6
E of Laguna, B 27:6 by N. 120; $ia
City and County . of , San Francisco to Mary
Kingston, lot on \u25a0 N line of I Vallejo street. 165
W of Webster. W 40 by N 137:6; $ .
. Grace S. and -, Redmond W. Payne :to Clyde
S. and Charlotte E. Payne, lot on N line of
Clay street. 31:3%' E) of Baker. E 24:11 4 by
N 105; $10.
H. B. and Laura Plnney to Rudolph and
Mary A. Nipper, lot commencing: 105 S. of
Greenwich . street and 138:3 W of \u25a0 Brodenck.
S 32:6. W 114:11. N 32:0, W 112; $10.
Hannah E. and J. W. Burtchaell to Rudolph
and Catherine- Wanner, lot on N line \u25a0'of. Bush
street, 75 E of Lyon, B 25 by N, 100; $10?
-James and Ellen Mahon to Alfred Thom
dike and E. Maasberg.^lotonN line of Grove
street. 31:3; E of Central avenue, E 25 by-N
100;; »10. " " .
Robert and Llllle Behlow to James K.
Lynch, lot on N - line of Frederick street,
.50:3 --B of \u25a0De Long avenue, E 30 by N
118:9; $10. . .
\u25a0 Realty Improvement Company to Jacob ; H.
Stein, lot on S line -of Haight street. 179 W
of Ashbury. W 86 by 8 137:6; $10.
William and Margaret Off ermann, to George
T. Davis, 1 * lot on SW line , of Tenth street, 250
SE of Harrison, SB 25 by SW 100; $10.
, Patrick Ndrton to ; same lot on SW \u25a0 line \u25a0of
Tenth street. 275 SE of Harrison. SB 25 by
SW 100; $10.
John Center to Bert : Schleslnger, lot on SB
: corner •of Sixteenth and • Folsom streets, B
105 by s 105 : $10.. ':;\u25a0.-.•;; - • .
I Estate of Bridget McDonald et al. to Henry
Sahleln. \u25a0 lot \u25a0on NE > corner of ; Twenty-second
and Mission. streets, N6oby E 122:6;$ia t.
llassimillano andi Anala ; Perpoll rto" Andrew
G. Griffin \u25a0 and ' Gustavus \u25a0R. A. Browne (trus
tees estate of Edward B. \u25a0 Rambo). lot, on W
line of i Mission street, IC3 N , of .Twenty-first,
N, 24 by W OOV $10. :\u25a0"'; . ;^i : ; ..
City and County of. San Francisco to William
sillier. - lot on W line of Alemany : street, . 100
N of . Seventeenth', N 26 : by ,W, 74 :10; ; $-:—":: — ": -" ' :
John E.:Behan to Julia LUBehan, \u25a0 undivided'
%\u25a0 of .lot on N -line -qf Twenty-third street,
25-W of Florida/ W- 50 by;N-104;: gift. -
•\u25a0 Ludwig B. G. and Johanna Koenip %o Charles
P. and Elizabeth Dohs, lot on N lino ot Tblr-
tleth street, 80 E of Church, E 25 by N 114;
510.
George T. Davis to Anna M. . Cartoon, \u25a0 loton
S line of Twenty-seventh street," 240 W of Swn
chez, .W 30 by.S ;114; $10.
-Oscar L. Carlson to same, same; gift.
James T.'Boyd, A. D.. Grimwood and Cora M.
Keeler (trustees estate of Cora L. Floyd) to Ml
los M. Gopcevic, lot on SE corner of Chestnut
and Montgomery streets E 412:6 by S 137:6:
also lot on NE line of First street. 103:1% SE
of Harrison, SE 34:4V> by NE 137:6; also lot
on NE line of First street, 137:6 SE ot Harri
son. SE eB:9 by NE 137:6; also lot on W line
of Saneome street, 137:6 N of Pine, N 50 by W
87:6;. a150 lot on W line of Sansome street. 80
9 of California S 7:0 by W 87:6; also lot on S
line of Merchant street, 108 W of Sanaome. W
25:4 by S 55; also lot on S line of Washington
street 233 E of Montgomery. E 40 by S 122;
also lot on W line of Montgomery street. 4& S
of Washington, S 23, W 129:6, S 19:9, W 8, N
42:9, E 137:6; also lot^m SE corner of Eight
eenth avenue and X street, E 240 by S 504;
also lot In Laurel Hill Cemetery, quitclaim
deed; $ .
Meyer and Hermine Wood to Daniel Roth,
lot on NW oorner of Bay and Taylor streets,
N 275 by W- 137:6; $10.
Llpman and Ida D. Kieve and W. W. and
Sarah Norton to Joanna Tucholsky or Johanna
Tuchalsky and Ida Tuchalsky, lot on E line of
Larktn street 61 N of Turß, N 19:6 by E 50,
quitclaim deed: 510.
Joanna and Ida Tucholsky or Tuchaleky to
Frank A. Meyer, lot on E line of Larkln street,
01 N of Turk, E 50 by N 10; $10.
Fitz and Annie C. Hahn and Lorenz D. or
Lorenzo D. and Margaretho. Fell to Joseph E.
Bier, lot on N corner of Clementina and Sec
ond streets NW 30 by NE 80; $10.
Walter L. Heise to same, same; $10.
Fred B. and Belle N. Southworth to Equita
ble Loan and Investment Company, lot on D
corner of Harrison and Hayward streets, NE >5
by SE 75; $10.
Mary Feeney to Mabel Q, Mitchell (wife of
Alexander. N.), lot on SB line of Ringgoid
street, 100 NE of Ninth. NE 25 by SB 75: $10.
City and County of Ban Francisco to Eliza
beth G. Cooper, lot on W line of Kentucky
street, 55:10 S of Marlposa, S 19:2. W 100, N
39, SE 101:6; $ . "
Robert B. Mitchell to Charles Elsey. un
divided one-third of lot on NE corner of Cali
fornia etreet and Ninth avenue, B 82:6, N
100, E 67:6. N 25, W 120. 8 125; $10.
Elbridge and Gertrude C. Durbrow to City
and County of San Francisco, lot on N line
of California street, ' 107:6 E of Fourteenth
avenue, E 25 by N 100; $1000.
Same, to same, lot on NW corner of .Thir
teenth avenue and California street. W 240
by N 600. quitclaim deed; $- — .
Solomon and Dora Getz to Carl Oompertq
lot on B line of Ninth avenue, 125 B of Point
Lobos avenue S 25 by E 120; $10.
John H. Bornholdt to Louise W. Bornholdt,
lot on N line of D etreet, 65.53 1-3 NE of Sev
enth avenue, N 105:6, E 27:6, S 104. SW to
beginning, and all Interest in Outside Lands
block SS6; gift. \u25a0v
Crawford Douglasa to Fred B. Surryhne, lot
on E line of Twenty-first avp/ue, 350 N of
Fulton. N 60>by E 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Harry J. Rtauf
facher, lot on N line of J street. 82:6 E of
Twelfth avenue, E 25 by N 100; $10.
Alwllda F. McCord to Jacob Heyman Com
rany, lot on E line of Forty-sixth avenue,
150 S of I street, S 25 by B 120; JlO.
Anna and Andrew Taft \u25a0to Bay Counties
Realty Company, lot on NE corner of Forty
fourth avenue and S street. N 875. E 240. S
30:5. W 197:5. S to S street. W 19:6; $10.
Douglas O. and Mai M- Watson to. E. J.
Zlmmer, undivided three-quarters of following:
Lot on SW corner of Sixteenth avenue and
T etreet. S 455 by W 120; alsp lot on NW
corner of Sixteenth avenue and T atrett. W
140, NW 125.86, NE 140.15, 8 119:3; $10.
Same tcT Parkside Realty Company, undi
vided one-quarter of same; $10.
Charles W. and Jacoblta Robinson to George
11. Roundey, lot on SW line of «raut street,
100 NW of Woolsey NW 100 by SW 120,
lot 8. block 171, University Extension Home
stead; $10. x
John F. and Catherine Seymour to Joseph
Budde, lot on W Una of Hoffman avenue, 51:8
N of Twenty-third. N 25 by W 100, lot 165,
Heyman Tract; $10.
Frank J. and Mary E. Gllfether to George
E. and Bertha L. Reynolds, lot on N corner
of Lisbon street and Persia avenue, NE 25 by
NW 100, block 19. Excelsior Homestead; $10.
James W. Warden to Charle6 Brown, lot on
N corner of Brazil avenue and Moecow street,
NE 100 by NW 100. lot 5, block 72. Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
Mary Tully to Elizabeth P. Rlggins and
Mary L. Rea. lot on N line of Tenth avenue.
25 W of C street W 25 by N 100, block 1»4.
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Homestead Association; gift.
Marion and Elsie- Stegmere to Christian and
Edward A. Brandhorst, lot on SE line of Pre
clta avenue, 50 NE of Ryan avenue, NB 25
by SE 75, lot 16, George Ryan subdivision of
Precita Valley blocks 219 to 223; $10.
Charles D. and Elizabeth H. Adams to John
Center, lot on S;y line of Twelfth avenue, 250
SE of M street. SE 50 by SW 100. block 243,
South. San Francisco Homestead; $10.
William H. and Ethel W. Crocker to Johann
B Relte. lot on W line of Gates street. 100 S
of Eugenia avenue, S 25 by W 70, lot 393,
Gift Map 1; $10.
_. Builders' Contracts.
Caroline Taubles (owner) with M. Genovese
(contractor), architect — Concrete and ce
ment work, etc., and bulkheadlng and cribbing
for a four-story frame building on lot on E
line of Montgomery avenue, 80:10 B of Lom
bard street thence 30:9 to Mason, N 62:6, W
82:10 S 80:10; $1800.
Krleg Tanning Company (owners) with
Thomas F. Mitchell (contractor and architect) —
All work for a three-story, frame building on
lots 336, 337 and 338, Precita Valley Lands;
$4895.
John D. Epreckels (owner) with Thompson
Company (contractors), architects Bliss & Fa
viiie — Plumbing, s«wer, gas and water fitting
for Mrs. H. M. Holbrook's residence on lot
on N line of Pacific avenue, between Pierce and
Stelner; $3500.
Same owner with Pacific Heating and Ven
tilating Company, contractors and architects
same — Heating plant for same on same; $765.
J. B. Horan (owner) with Butterworth Com
pany (contractors), architect Thomas C. But
terworth — Carpentry, excavating, galvanized
ifon and glazing for a one-story frame (sale of
live stock building) on lot on S line of Bryant
street between Tenth and Eleventh; $1424.
Mrs. B. Driscoll and Patrick Turley (owners)
with D. J Mclnerney (contractor), architect
H. A. Mitchell — All work except paper hang
ing, painting, asphalt roofing, shades and gas
fixtures for alterations and additions to a two
story frame building, 418, 420 and 420% Clem
entina street, 25x75; $2100.
Alamedn County.
WEDESDAY, DECEMBER 27.
The Realty Syndicate to Charles H. Thomp
son (married), lot 14. blocK F, revised map
Claremont-avenue Tract, Oakland; $10.
Johanna F. Hlggins (widow) to James H.
Hlgglns (her son) and Mary A. Higrgtns (his
wife), lot on N line of Thirteenth street, 150 W
of Peralta, W 30 by N 106:3, lot 5 and portion
lot 6 block 726 A, map resubdlvlslon portion
blocks 720 A and 7278, Oakland; $10.
Mary P. and G. W. Keller to Joseph 8.
Fielding, lot on S line of Thirty-fifth Btreet,
410 W of Telegraph avenue, W 62 by S 119.10.
being W 52 feet lot 13, map portion estate of A.
C. Brown, Oakland; $10. - •
Hannah Cook (widow) to Albert Schmidt,
lots 7 and 8. block 40, and lots 5. 16, 17 and 13,
block 16, San Antonio, East Oakland; $5.
Hannah Cook .(executrix estate of Moses J.
Frank) to same, all Interest in lot on NE line
of East Nineteenth street. BO NW of Eight
eenth avenue, NW 60 by NB 140, lots 9 and
10, block 46, same. East Oakland; $900.
Hannah Cook to same, same, East Oakland,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Berry-Bangs Land Company to Margaret E.
Blean, lot on E line of Regent street, 150 S of
Stuart, S 00 by E 148. lot 19, block H, Berry-
Bang Tract, map 2, Berkeley; $10. • .
Sarah J. and James W. Burnham to Edwin
8. Merriman, lot on NW corner of Clinton ave
nue and Lafayette (Nineteenth) street, W 50
by N 150, block 14, amended map Bartlett
Tract, Alameda; $10.
Edwin •S. and Letty L. Merriman to James
W. and Sarah J.' Burnham (as Joint tenants
during life, - remainder fn fee to survivor),
same, Alameda; also lot on NW corner of
Stanley and Head streets, W 50 by N 100,
lotsl and 2. block 41, City Land Association,
Alameda; $10.
Fred Linderman to J. C. Llnderman, lots 3,
4, 9 and 12, block 43, Alameda and adjacent
lands. Alameda: $10.
* Fred and Mary F. Llnderman to Hubert W.
Llnderman, lot on E line of High street, 33:4
S of Madison, S 83 :4 by E 100, lot 13, block
62, same, Alameda; $10.
Albert Shorey to Hattle J. Shorey (wife),
lot on N line of Seventeenth street. 470 B of
Grove. E 40 by N 100, portion of • lots 10 and
11, block 283, Oakland; gift. O
Q A. Bonesteel (widower) to Luke and Mary
BonVsteel. lot on S line of Santa Fe avenue.
411.15 W : of San Pablo avenue, - W 80 by S
106.62, lot 61, map 2, William M. Butters
Tract, warranty deed, Oakland; $10. •
Gustave A. or Gustaf Adolf Anderson (sin
gle) to Security Bank and Trust Company, lot
on W lino of Linden street. 118.26 S of Twen
ty-first, S 26 by W 132. being. N half of ' lot
1B," : block B. survey of Northern Extension,
Oakland;* $10.- _
Eusebla R. Bates (widow) to George J.
Garslde lot on W line of Newton avenue, 155
N of Fourth avenue, N 45 by W 130. portion
of lot 10. block C, Peralta Heights, East Oak
&T& T ' J .ind'-M. B. Frazer (Horr) to Jennie
Singer (widow), lot on N * line of Carlton- (Ef
fle) street. 320 W of McGee avenue (Dwindle).
W 40 byN*! 132:6, lot 19. block 6, Case Tract,
Ann M. ' Snyder (widow) to Gustave ;•"• T..
Ericson -lotion W line of \u25a0 San Pablo avenue,
168 Nof \u25a0 Snyder avenue, N 49 :6 by W 440,
being S 40:6 of lot 19. Snyder Tract, Berkeley;
$10 • ' " -'\u25a0\u25a0>.\u25a0
William P- Kelly (single) to Mary Kelly (his
sister) , lots 16. 17 and 18. block 119. Tract B,
Berkeley L. and T. I. Association, Berkeley;
James T. Martin (married) and Mary . M.
Martin to Henrietta L.; HunOngton, undivided
half of lot»22; In block 15. McGee Tract,* por
tion of plat 67, Kcllersberger's Survey, Berke
ley: $10. . . V -\u0084:.~ .:.-: -. .
Sarah A. McKee (widow* by . S. B. McKee
(attorney) \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 to -Walter. Bond Corbaley. lot 6.
block il,- Santa Fe Tract No. < 5, Berkeley; $10.
\u25a0 Carl . Albert Sorensen (single) jto Peter Mad
scn, lot i IS, \u25a0 block : 2, Santa Fe Tract No. 5,.
Berkeley; $10. . .isaßsflMtaainacg^sfKMsjtag
\u25a0\u25a0••• Charles : H. : and 'Mary F. dv Rose to A. i-L.
Krelss, lot on S line of Thirtieth street, 450.11
BURNS A FOE
OF DRUNKARDS
Labor Member of the British
Cabinet Outlines Ideals in
Speech to Constituents
NO LIKING FOE LOAPEES
Talking on National Issues
"Honest John" Denounces
Imported Coolie Labor
LONDON, Dec. 27. — John Burns, pres
ident of tho local Government Board,
made his first public address since his
entry Into the Cabinet, when he opened
the election campaign at Battersea to
night. In a characteristically cour
ageous speech be said his accession to
office .was the elevation of hl3 con
stituents to power — tho honor was
theirs, but the work was for him. He
declared that he would pander to no
section of the population, but would do
his duty for the benefit of the whole
community.
Burns said he has" such strong sym
pathy with all the Interests of the
working: olassea, that he had no sym
pathy to spare for the loafer, "cadger"
or drunkard. His Ideals were fewer
workhouses, smaller charities, larger
wages, more pleasure and less drink.
In the smaller cities and In the larger
villages he -was already appointing
committees to enable the ratepayers to
have their accounts prepared In such
a way that he who ran might read.
He vigorously attacked what he
called "Orientalized Imperialism," of
which Somallland was the fruit and
South Africa the "rotten ripe product."
He denounced Chinese labor as being
especially dangerous, because It would
lead to absolute chattel slavery.
LATE SHIPPING I.VTEI.LIGEJTCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, Decamber 37.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Hall. 9 hours from Santa
Crux.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN— l2 MIDNIGHT.
Schr Oceania Vane*, Br bark Invermark.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— SaiIed Deo 27— U 8 itmr Chl
caso, for cruise.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Sailed Deo 27 — Stmr Oceanic,
for Liverpool; rtnr CevJc. for Liverpool.
GLASGOW — Arrived Dec 28 — Stmr Mongo
lian, from Boston.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Deo 27— Stmr Cor
nishman, from Portland; rtmr Michigan, from
Boston. ,
Sailed Deo 27— Stcir Csdrtc. for New York.
4 ANTWERP— Arrived Dec 27 — Stmr Vader
land. from New York, via, Dover.
HAVRE — Arrived Deo 26— Stmr Samaritan,
from Halifax, for London.
BOULOGNE— SaiIed D«o 24— Btmr Pennsyl
vania, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 27— Stmr Ma
jestic, from New York, for Liverpool. Dec 23 —
Stmr Ivernla, from Boston, for Liverpool, and
both Droceeded. \u25a0 *.*.•-. •;
W of Telegraph avenue. "W 80. S 39.50, to
S boundary Una of Rowland Tract, B 50 to a
point, etc.. N 41 to beginning, block. 2029.
Rowland Tract. Oakland; $10.
Cary Howard to W. A. Fanis B 20 fe«t
of lot S and all lots 9 and 10, block C, Broad
way and Tele graph -avenue Park Tract, Oak
land; $10.
Emily S. and Herman D. Cousins to Charles
P. Gilbert, lot on N lino of Stuart etreet, 50
"W of Ellsworth. W 60 by N 134:6. portion
of lots 1, 2, 3. block X. Leonard Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
Harlow P. and Sarah E. Bancroft to Prances
Noonan (widow), lot 1. block 2. Santa F»
Tract. No. 5. Berkeley: $10.
Jennie M. Walsh (Shannon), wife of Martin
to Amelia Koch (wife of Guitavus). lot on W
line of Park (as same exists since widening)
street. 150:6 N of Santa Clara avenue (befor*
widening). W 2(JI. N 50, E .to Nff line of
land conveyed to Samuel Engel August 30.
1877. 149 D. 107. S 25, E to W of Park. S 25:1
to beginning of portion of lota 5 and 8. block
48. map of subdivision, -block 48, lands ad
jacent to Encinal, Alameda: $10.
Same to same. lot on S line of Bank street.
150 from W line of Park street, said point
beginning Is also NW corner of land formerly
sold by Frank Glas to one Severn, thence S
37:6. S In straight line to NW corner of land
now or formerly owned and occupied by S. En
gle. said point being In N line- of lot 8. block
48, lands adjacent to Encinal map by Stratton,
W 16. N to point on S line of Bank street,
distant along said line 2O W from point of be
ginning, E 20 to beginning, Alameda: $10.
Lovell and Laura L. White to Charles Maas
berg. lot on SW corner of Clement avenue and
Mulberry street. W 80 by S 150. block 18, map
of resubdlvialon of blocks 13, 16 and 17. N of
Buena Vista avenue and E of Willow- street,
Alameda; $10.
James M. Self ridge (widower) to David 8.
Reed (married), lot on S line of Buena Vista
avenue. SCO W of "Walnut street. W 100 by
S 150:2. lots 14 and 15. block 25. lands ad
jacent to Encinal. Alameda: $10.
David S. and Elizabeth Reed to C. M. Jen
kins (single), lot on 9 line of Buena Vista
avenue, 266:8 "W of Walnut street. W 33:4 by
S 150:2, portion of lot 15, block 25, same, Ala
meda: ?io;
Same to Ellen I. Wilson (wifa of Thomas),
lot on S line of Buena Vista avenue, 200 W
of Walnut street, W 33:4 by S 150:2. portion
of lot 14, block 25. same, Alameda; $10.
Encinal Building and Loan Association to
George L. Lewis (widower), lot on SW line of
Blanding avenue, 248:8^-1 BE of Park (as In
year 1868) street, SE 100 by SW 150. lots 12
and 14. block G. Alameda station Homestead
Tract^ Alameda ; $10. : 7#7 #
No big success can come to a little soul.
_^ RAILWAY TRAVEL.
'WW% CALIFORNIA
Santa Fe Trains
7-30 a. m. 1 For Stockton. Merced, Fresno,
and } Hanford. Vlsalla, Bakersfleld
8:00 p. m. J and Intermedtate points. .
o*3o a. m.— California Limited three daya to
Chicago every day. Direct con-
nection to Grand Canyon.
9:30 a. m,— Valley Limited, for Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno, Hanford, Vlsalla
\u25a0 and Bakerefleld and Points on
the Sierra Railway.
4:00 p. m.— For \u25a0 Stockton and lntermedlat*
points.
8:00 p. m. — O\-erland Express, for Chicago.
Kansas City, Denver and Grand
Canyon.
TICKET OFFICES.
653 Market street San Francisco
Ferry Depot Saa FrancUco
1112 Broadway Oakland
27 South First street San Jos*
SUBURBAN" BERVICB, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart week days and Sundays at 7:00 (ex-
cept Sunday), 7:45. 8:23, 9:10. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.
12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:35. 5:15, 5:30. 6:30. 7:15.
fl;00. 10:15 and 11:35- p.. m.
\u25a0 For Fairfax, week days — 7:45. a. m.. 8:13
p. m. dally, except Sunday; and 3:13 p. ra.
Saturdays only. Sundays and holidays — 7:48.
9*lo a. \u25a0 m. ' — * * x
THROt'GH TRAINS.
7 :45 a. m. daily — Cazadero and way stations.*
'3:15 p. m.. Saturdays only, for Point Reyes
and way.
TICKET OFFICE-^-CSO Market at.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st
Mt.Tamalpais Railway
/ff»Mityfs^rtk Leave S. F. 9:50 a m 1:45 r m
Arrive S. F. 10:45 A M 2:55, 6 AJ ru
>^fe^^7 Lv. S.K. 4:85 pm Ar. S. F. 11:25 pm
>S§i«/ 5T1331T3 158 ISGiL EOUSAT3
\u25a0^OT-* - Lr. S. F. 8:25,9:50,11:00 AM 1.45pm
'V \u25a0'... Ar. S. F. 1^0, 2:55, 4^23, 6^2 ru _
. nCHT I 650 Market ST..(North Shore Railroad)
Omos I and Sausauto Fer»v» Foot Maiitst St.
RAIXWAIMngAVEIU
— TTJ»ins leave end Mre *9J
>^yTH££v to arrlTe at
/®^3§@VSAN FRANCISCO.
I ncu|n J f E om Dxcucbm 26, KOI
W^^^%/ fimt Dow
(foot of Mart et Street.)
•my*- MAIN UNE^_ZLtl 3 U\
~1 OOAEltnira. Vacavliie.Wlaters, Uuiufey 7.43p
7 00a Richmond, lsealckv. Bacr»mento,
Suisun snd Wey Stiitlons 728 i»
7jtflAVsi:cJo. Ka?a, Cnii4t«K«. Santi
Hosu. Martinez. San Ramon 6.08*
7.40AN11C9. fleassntou, Livermore.
'^ v Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton 7^3i»
8-OOAShnsta Express— < V 1 a I> »vM ).
» Trilllani3, Willows. tFruto, I.ed
Bluff. Portlsad. TiU-om*. Sestzle. /.43P
B.ooal>*vls. Woodland. Ki.fKhuLsadlug.
MarrsvlUe, OrovlZJe 743p ,
B2OAMa/tlne:. Antloch, Byron, Tracy.
Stockton. Neirnisa, Los Banos.
Jlendotx_ Anaona, Hanford, 1 4.03^
VUa)l«rPcrtcrjmo .............. f AABm
A 9flAPort Costa, L*tarop. Merceil. Mo-
BZOA dVsto. Fresno. Hanford. Vlsalla.
..\u25a0=. -- \u25a0•".'\u25a0 Bakersneld a ""L'
B 4Ha NIU-*. San Jose. LKerrnore, S^ocS-
B " 4DA ton (tMilton). Valley Sprinff.
lone. Sacramento, Plsx-erTiUe.
Cclfsr. MarrsTlUe. Red 81uff.... 4.08»
840AOakd8!e. Chines* JamMtown.
** Sonora. Tuoiumue an<t 4.0^
a ftfU Vtl.intlc Ciprrts— Ogrden sn-1 KoJt. 4.28f»
10 20a Vallejo, Drllj. X»ps, Sunday only 7.48*
L^throp.Ttociton. M«r«i
Raymond. Fresno. Oos*rc -Jcatj-
tlon, Hanford. Lemoore. Vlsalla, s_
Bakejsaeld, Los Angeles . ....... Z 7.0*9
10.20 a El Paso, Kansas City. St. Loals and J
Cblcago iJtaw
11.00a Tha Overland Limited— Oman*.
1 i^ua Klias », city... 5-43p
11.40ASUes. Saa Jose and Way Stations. \u0084f4Bp,-|
ti .OOP Sacramento RlTer Steamers 4i ..... ttlOO^iT
120prort Costa, Martlnez.Cyron.Tracy.
Modesto? Merced. Fresno 1208^
3.4opßen!ci», Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Laadlafc
MsrysTllle and OroTlllo >3- 4 ? A
3.4oP Hayward, Xlles, aod Way StatlOM 7-48»
loOPValleJo, Martlnes. San Ramon.
3r«pa.Callsto««, Santa Bosa .9S2*
4.oopNlles, Tracy. Stockton. L0dL...... Ig-Jg*
4,4oPHarirard. NUes. Irflagtoo, San » tf-4|*
Jose. LlTermore \u0084 f jIi«4IJA
B.OOpThs Owl Limited— Uewman, to«
Banos, Meadota, Fresno, Tulara,
B»Worsae!d. Los Angeles 8.43*
> B.OOp Golden Stat« Limited— El Paso. ;
Kansss City. Si. Lonls and
Calcago ......•••••-••• 8-4BA
tS.2Op Hayward. KHes and San Jose 7.08 a
6.20p Vallejo, Port Coats, Benlda, Sal-
saa, Sacramento 11.23*
64}0p Eastern Express— Omaha, Catcaio,
Denver, Kansas City. St. Louis.
MsTtlaez, Stockton. Sacramento,
Reno. Sparks. Montello,Osilao.. 12.48*
fi^OP Hayward, Mies «nd Saa Jose 9.43*
7.ooPF.eao Paasenssr— Port Costa. B««
atcla, Suisun. Elmlra, Dtxoa.
DaTls, Sacramento. Hazen. Toao-
pan,Goldflel<taadKeerer 7418 a
74J0PValleJo, Crockett aad W«y Bta- '
. Mobs, Sunday oaly ii-ZBA
820POr«gon & California Express— Ba»
ramento, MarysTllle. Beddtaz.
Portland. PozeE Sound and Esss. 848 A
94J0P Hayward, Kl}es and Saa Joso (Saa-
day only) •••••" \u2666ii-4»A
COAST tINE_ <.Narr«»T «*u S e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8.15 Newark, Ceutervllle, Saa Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creek. Saata
Cruz and Way Statioas ........... 5.53*
t2.lspNewark. Centerrllle. Saa Jose,
Kew Alnaadea. Los Gatos, Feltoa.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz aa4
Principal Way Statloas t1 3.55 a
4.1 spNewark,p Newark, Saa Jose, Los Gato« . . . . |j| * ;9; 9| *
945pHaatePi Train— (Saturday o»ly) '
Saa Jose aad Way Stations iJ.SSs*
COAST LINE (»ro«<l ««u K 8). 4*4 *
qr (Third and Towasend Streets.)
B.loa San Jose and Way Stations 6-30P
7.OOASan Jose and VT»y Stations 6-40P
B.ooa New Almaden (Tnes., Frl.. only).. 4.10P
8-00ATn9 Coaster— San Jose. Sallaas.
Ban Ardo, Paso Uoblea. Sant*
Margarita. Saa Luis Oblspo,
Ouadalnpe, Gavlota. Saata Bar-
bara, Saa BnenaTentura, Oxaard.
Bnrbaak, Los Aageles 10-33>»
B.ooA6llroy, Holllster, Pajaro, Castro**
Tllle, Del Moate, Pacific Grore,
Surf, Lomooc 10-30^
9.00 a San Jose. Tres Plaos. Watsonvllle,
Capltola, Santa Cruz. Paciflo
Grore. Salinas. San Luis Oblspo
and Prflfclpal Way Statloas 4.10f»
1030 a Ban Jose and Way Stations 1-20P
11. 30 A San Jose and Way Statloas 7.40r»
2-16pSaa Jose«nd Way Station* 836 a
3- OOP Del Monte Express— Saata Clara,
San Jose, WatsoßTiiie, Saata
Cruz. Del Moate, Monterey
PaclncGroTe 12-15*
t3ooPLos Gatos. Wright. Boulder Cieek,
Saata Cruz. Tla Saata Clara and
Narrow Gaa^e 1048 a
3-38PSeuta San Francisco. Saa Jose,
Gllroy, Holllster, Tres P1a05..... 10.45 a
4.30p8aa Joa«and Way StaUon* t7.53A
t5 OOPSanta Clara. Saa Jose. Los Gatos, t9.00A
|5.3OPSan Jose and Principal Wsy S tat ions {3.40 a
6.4oPSnnBet Express— Redwood, Saa
Jose. Gllroy. Salinas, Paso
Uobles. San Lais Oblspo. Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles. Demise.
El Paso, Kew Orleans 9.10 a
54SpE1 Paso, Eaasas City, St. Loals,
Chicago 9.10 a
6-45PPaJaro, WatsonTllle, Capltola,
Santa Cruz. CastroTllle, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove 10-30p
t&l5PSaa Mateo, Beresford. Belmont,
San Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto +S.4S\
8-30PSaa Jose and Way Stations 8.38 a
8-OOPPaIo Alto and Way Stations 10.15 a
1 1.30P South San Francisco, Mlllbrae. Bar-
Ungame. Saa Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park and Palo Alto 9.45*
11.30P Saturdays oaly for Mayfleld. Moun-
tain View. Sunnyvale. Lawreace.
--- Santa Clara and Saa Jose t9.45»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
(Foot of Market SO
Dally except Sunday, 7.10. 9.00,1 1.00 a. m.j
1.30. 3.38. 6.50 p.m. »n
Suadav only, 7.30 . 9.00. 10.30 a. m.; 1 2.00 *\u0084
1.38. 3.0b. 4.38. 6.00. 7.30 p.m.
A for Moralng. P for Afternoon.
* \u2666Sunday e*c<?p ted. tSandayonly. 6Mondayo»:y.
i Dally, and stopa at ail statloas on Saaday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
liboxon Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRAXCISCO TO SAX RAF.ISL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 1:00 a. m.; 12:35, 3:3«.
6:10. 0:30 p. m.
SUXDATS— .9:OO, 9:30 a. m.; 12:39. S:3«. »:13,
6:30 p. m.
SA.V RAFAEL, TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:03, 7:35. 7:30. 9:20 a. a. I
12:50, 8:40. 5:00, $:29 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:O6. 8:00. 8:18. 0:40 a.m.: 8:4&
4:80. 3:00. 5:20. 8:30 p. m.
Leavo I In Effect I Arrlv*
San Fran. | Oct. 8. 1908. I San Fraa.
"We«k I Sun- I D««Obs>- I Sun- [ W«rt
Daya. [ day*. I tloa. t d*y». t Payy
7:30 a 8:00 a ~ 18-.tOa 8:40 •
6:00 a 8:30 a lra*da. 10*40 a l$:20»
8:30 p 3:30 p 8:00 p 8:10 t>
6:10 p 3:10 p 7i3Op >
8:C0al»:30a[ N*pa, I »=i2 «»t 2 : ±2 *
8:10 p| 8:10 pj | 6:20 pi 6:30 P
7-80 a - l* :l 9 a •:<••
8:00 a Norato. 10:40 a 10:25 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petahima 6:08 p 8il>»
8:10 p 3:SOp and 7:33 p
8:10 p Santa Rosa.
7 -30 a ' 10:40 ajlO:M a
8:00 a Fulton T^Op 0:20 b
3:30 p 8:30 p - ______
Windsor _ 1
T:SOa 8:00 a Healdaburg 10:4O a 10:33 »
Lytton
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle 7:30 p 6:20 9
Cloverdala
7:30 al 8:00 a! Hopland 110:40 *[10:23 a
B:3op|3:3Op| aad UHlah |7:80p|6:20p
I I Wllllts and I I
7:30 a| 3:00 a| Sherwood I 7:30 p| 6:20 p
i-'n»' s-OOal 110:40 a|10:23 a
liio pj SJSO pi OnernerOl. I 7:30 p| «:20 P
T-an b 1 x-orta.l Sonoma I 9:10 at 8:40 »
o:f^p|0 :f^p| gjlO p| OlTa Elfan I «:0O pI «:20 9
\u0084w , 0.00- 10:40 a|10:23 a
8 : 30p I-^OP SebastopoL 7:30^8:20*
6:10 P 6:10 P \u25a0 '
— ST\GES connect at Qreen Brae for San
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
SnAnis and Mark West Springs: at Lytton
for Litton Sprtogs: at Gey^rvilla for Skasxs
BnrinS- at Ctoverdale for tho Geysers. Boon-
rUlaud Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncaa
jE-rr^HlSand Sprin«s. KelseyvUle. Carl.-
b2d Sp'rlngiSoda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
S^rtars aid Lake County Hot Sprfn K9 : ac
UWanfor Vichy Sprla*. «*»tp«» Sprtajs.
Elue Lak«s. Laurel DeU Lake Witter Sprlngi,
Upper like. Porno. Potter Valley. John Days.
Llsrry**, HuUvllle. Orr-s Hot Sprlngrs. Hair-
way House. Comptche. Hop Was. Mendoclno
City Fort Brags;, and UaU; at WU-
Uti for Hearst and at Sherwood for
Fort Brag*. Catto, Cov.lo, LaytonvlUe. Cum-
nUnss. BeU's Springs Harris. Hubbard. Trutt-
landTDyer, GarbervlUe. Camp 5. Pepperwood.
Scotia and Enreka-
Saturday and Monday round-trip Ucksta at
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Tlckrt offlce. 630 Market »t.. Chronicle build-
ing.
JAS. AGLER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Weekly Cal*
ONE DOLLAB PEB YEAB.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall Street Stocks sweral points lower. Call Money, 25(0)90 per
Local Stock and Bond market fairly active.
A czv York Exchange firmer. Sterling Exchange zveak.
Wheat, Barley and other grains notmateriallv changed.
Anotlicr advance iti Lima Beans. Hay and Feedstuffs unchanged.
Egg s continue to advance under scarcity. Butter unchanged.
Provision and Meat markets as before quoted.
Poultry and Game moving well at steady to firm prices.
Potatoes and Onions plentiful and the latter loiucr.
-'' . , - ,- , , . ; ••\u25a0: -
. truil market ivcll supplied and quiet.
Condition of UtislneßS.
A leading New Ycrk banker t<ays:
* "As the year draws to a close It is easy to
Snd abundant material for Eelf-congTatulation.
The country has oxperienced a year of un
parsJleled business activity, all records being
paeeed beta as to volume and profit. Natural,
ly. such en rra has begotten many unfortunate
excesses. Business methods have become les^a
rigid; overeor.fidenee has talten the place of
ordinarj- caution, and continued abuses may
eooner or later threaten me country with a
e?ib&ck leading an era of depression. At the
fcame time, however, there Is no occasion what
ever for taking a discouraging view of the
futpr*. On the contrary, there is every rea
son for hopefulness In the business world. Our
farmers, -who are stlil the backbone of the coun.
try, aro enjcylng extraordinary prosperity in
£oth the South and the West. For some Urns
to* come they are likely to be large consumers
of «.ll the necessities and many of the luxuries
of # Jlfe. Our industrial classes are also well
employed and at high rates of wages. They,
too. aa a c.a*s are enjoying more of the neces
sities and luxuries of life than usual. Our
ciincral industries are going through a wonder
lul stage of development and earning large
dividends. Tte only thing In Eight to hinder
•> continuance of our industrial activity is our
financial excesses, an! It would be far better
to recognize this fact at ence and put on the
brakes than to allow Indiscretions and abuses
to progress until & serious collapse ie Invited."
— — — — —
A Cnutionary Xote.
Henry Oewe, the New York banker and
•Trail-street operator, s&yb :
"It Is suite time that cautionary signals
were asaln In evidence. Recent bank difficul
ties In Chicago are an Intimation of what
might be repeated elsewhere. Serious trouble
was only prevented in that Instance by heroic
action, the necessity for which showed the
seriousness of the case. The recently suspend
ed Chicago Institutions I fear are not the
only ones which have b^en lending more free
ly to the large capitalists who dominate them
than ordinary business prudence would permit,
and unless something occurs to check this sort
of . extension of credits more"" trouble Is likely
to follow.
I . '•Another 6ource of doubt Is the extremer
high prices to which many securities are being
pushed. Bold speculators with unlimited capi
tal behind them have been successful in forc
ing their favorites to unreasonably high levels.
By means of adroit manipulation they have
induced the public to enter the market more
freely than for many weeks past, and by al
lowing the earlier public buyers to make some
prpfit they have naturally been able to en
courage and widen the new buying interest.
There has no doubt, however, been much real
izing under cover, and som« of the rich and
heavy holders of securities have been freely
unloading during the past week, or two. Etocks
*hich are selling at unduly high prices are too
well known to require mention, but at their
present altitude they are a menace to the
market and should be carefully avoided by
cither speculators or investors. Another ele
ment of risk In the market is the sensational
activity tn copper stocks. Here, too, the pro
cess of unloading ui>on the public is actively
at work and all sort of questionable properties
are sciiing at unreasonable pnoes. In face of
this reckless speculative activity Is the unsat
isfactory condition of the money market. Funds
are still too scarce for speculative purposes,
ar.d we are in Imminent danger of sharp
f=Tueefces in rates t)gf ore -the close -of the year.
'Money is already freely seeking other chan
\u25a0nehTof Investment, going into real estate or
other more r*ro2tab!e directions."
EA.STERX MARKETS.
- - N>w York: Money Market.
NEW YORK, Dec 27. — Call money to-day
vas in rreat demand and the supply was
tsareiy sufficient. The rate of 05 per cent
". per annum, the highest In years, was touched
' . late in the afternoon. Highest, 05 per cent;
lowest, 3u per cent; ruling rate, S5 per cent;
last loan. 50 per cent; closing bid. 00 per cent;
. offered at 50 per cent. Time money firm;
." eixty days, 6 per cent and .commission and
pinety days and »lr months. 6 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. S^GG per cent. Sterling ex
change was weak, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4.5550(54.6555 for demand
• and at $4.fe2&4.5225 for sixty-day bills. Posted
rates $4 53.&-4 83H and $4 86>*ig4 67. Com
". merclal bills. $4 82. Bar sliver. 65% c. Mex
ican dollars. 50c. Bonds — Governments, steady;
easier.
.. >>rr York Stock Market.
" \u2666 *NETfV YORK. Dec. 27. — It proved impossible
entirely to Ignore the money stringency in th,?
action of the speculation to-day, but, consid
ering the violence of the activity In the money
. market and the high rates paid there for ac
. ccmmodatlon, it must be conceded that thi* i
speculative position was maintained with re
markable equanimity. No such rates have
been paid for money on call as those exacted
to-day at thm Stock Exchange since the panic
• period of the epring of ISHiI and th* prevailing
•rates from 30 to 93. per cent wen ruch as
have proved an Index of panic condltiuns in the
etock market In times past. Yet the pressure
upon stocks proved so liglit that it might b«
• said to represent little more than a cessation
". of -the recent determined buying movement and
• a* moderate retirement on the part of traders
• from position* on the long «Ide. The recent
'obeUnate determination to ignore absolutely
the stringency of the money market showed
femt signs of vitality this morning, &t wus
• manifested In the determined bid ling up cf a
• handful of etocks in spite of the admonishing
effect of the money rate on the reneral 'Ist.
American Smelting, for instance, was ruKhfd
up to a new record prie*. and thsre were vig
• »rou» advances in a few of the minor special
ties. The name" spirit was manifest In the
• market during the day when there was any
eign of relaxation in the excessive stringency
In the money market. „ etocks being taken In
hand and bid up here and there with the ap
parent determination to restore th* impairment
• in prices. Hut these efforts lacked success,
anfl -the market was Inclined to fall Into ex
\u25a0. treme dullness at the Intervals wh*n selling
• pressure \u25a0 was relaxed. The \u25a0 determined op
timism cf the speculative opinion was shown
• by the character of some of the arguments
fceard. The very stringency of the money
market. said these reasoners. was evidence ctf
• th» eagerness of very wealthy capitalists to
withhold funds from the money market for use
k.Jn the purchase of stocks. The presence in
'Wall street of the Secretary pf the Treasury
also came In for the usual cheerful interpreta
tion on the part of the confidential operators
for the ad\-anee. although euch intimations of
. the Secretary's purpose toward the money mar
ket as were allowed to -become puWic offered
no encouragement for hopes of relief for any
.* rurcly tpeculatlve distress. Reports of the
progress of settlement of the bankrupt Chicago
bar.ks were les* satisfactory, and the continued
discount on New York exchange at Chicago
fhowed the maintenance of the pressure there
lor funds on New York. Feme of the other in
terior centers as, well reported a discount on
•V €W York exchacge. The amount taken from
the banks by the Subtreamiry since the last
hank statement «m expanded to $2.353,00f>
The eeverltv of the money stringency had
.. more effect "in driving down th» rates for for
elien exchange,* but discount rates hardened In
London and a further decline in sterling ex
char.jre at Pari* marked the continued money
cr/»K»i:r« at that center. The trust company
«,.a r,ar.k troubles at Memphis were re?ard*d
fts of mlr.or importance and due to pj>ecial
oauFea. The market broke badly during the
laFt hour with the wilder flights in the money
rate and th* closing was weak and very active.
Bonds were easy. Total sales, par value,
C3.0fi0.000.
TTnitcd States bonds were all unchanged on
call. \u0084_, ._
KOw York Stork JAnt.
C. F Huttcn & Co.. 409 California street.
San FracclfcoA members of the^ New York
Rock Exchange, furnish the following official
Quotation* 'of that exchange :
Sales.) - STOCKS. JHlghjLow.^ Bld.l Ask
. . . . (Adams Express . 24^ 2^n
"' 300'Allis Chalmers.. 22»4 21% 2 \% 22
r,OO Do pfd ! 61* i 6014 60V4 60%
239.100 Amalg Copper . 10C,% 102% 103 103%
300! Am Beet Sugar.. 32% 30% 28 32
....1 Do pfd 80 JO
'77. ...Amftn Co »»4 -10 U
• j Do pfd 1..... ca 1 * <»%
'\YsAoUm C6.r &FyCo 40%' 39H 39J4 40
'JjLiOa! Do rfd Uoo iioo. »»Vi loo
:::::::Um out to.-:::j:.-::: ::::\u25a0: 37 «
4<O Am Express .... 225U1221 220 228
Am Gr Twine Co! 1.-... 10^4 10* i
"CSOOjAm Hide & L..| 9 8 8% 6%
6.5001 Do pfd | 89%| 36 37%1 37%
Am Linseed ....| 1 21%| 22
| Do pld .\.| 42 43%
6,IKW;Am Locomotive. C9%| 67%| 07% tt7%
j Do pfd 1 IUS 115%
aoO)Am Malt .-. 4%| 4%| 4% &Vi
I Do ptd I | 125 2«
30,300 Am Sm & Rf Co;l<W%jlo4^>ilto%|lCs%
J*H>, Do pid .1120 (128 |ia* !12a
41,9(Kj l Ani Sugar 1 154^1 150% ,1a0%l 151
UU>. Do pid 1 1139% 1131)% |139 |140
lAm Steel Fdrießj | 13% 13%
j Do pfd ) 1 49 I 50
|Am Tel & T Co.) j139%1141
!Am Tobacco Co.| J455 |41i5
1,900, Am Tub pM (105% 104% 1 104 |100
2,oU>;An; Wcolen |42 141 141 41%
»»! Do pfd 110U 103 jIOS 106
74,50O|Anaconda I2M 241%|245 246
I Ann Arbor 1.....J 32 37
| Do pfd j | 75 i>o
lArcadian Copperj .4..... 4%| 0
30t,Atlan Coast Llneil6oi |159 158 il«0
17.6001 A T & S F 884*1 »OT*. 1 *«% s7^s
200! Do i-.ti 104ii!lO»H|104 100
7,000 Bait & Ohio |113 111^,1111% 111%
21X>| Do pfd i 9S%] 98 OS 95%
|Ba>- State Gas.. % %
24.0008 R T ..| 896 57% 57% 87%
.Brook Un Gas..i 175 185
Bruns D& I j 18 10%
...• Butterick Co ...1 53 60
(Canada Southern! 63% 70%
11.900iCanadlan Paclnc.l74% 171% 171% 171%
1.300 C & 0 55 54% 64 54%
C&A 1 30 33
Do pfd 69 74
jC &. E I pfd ' 130 139
\C I & L pfd. 7<jy. 83
2.900 C & G W 21% 20% 20% 20%
Do pfd A 76% 77
Do pfd B 34% 35
Do debs 85 88
2.500C&-NW 221 219 219 220
22.100 C M & St P !lSl?i!l78% 178% 178»i
I Do pfd )....( 188 190 U.
12.fi()0:C R I&P(new)[2G% 22% 22% 23
laOOl Do pfd 62 61 61 (51%
i Do 4s 79% 80
600 Cent Leather ... 45% 44 44 44%
600! Do pfd 103 102% 102% 103'
Chicago Ter 15% 16
... Do pfd 34% 37
l,000!ChIcago Un Trac 13 12% 12% 12%
I Do of d .' . 40% 42
100 C C C & St L .. 104% 104% 104% 105%
Do pfd . 118 121
Cleve Lor & W 75 85
Do pfd 105 105%
20,300 Colo Fuel & Iron 57% 55% 65% 65%
Do pfd 89% 95
400;Colum H C & I. 17% 17% 17% 17%
. 600; Colorado So 2S<& 28 28 28%
200 Do Ist pfd CS% 67 67 C 8
800) Do 2d pfd 48% 48% 43 48%
200iConsol Gas 178% 178 170% 177%
2,looCorn Products .. 17% 16% 17% 17%
2.200J Do pfd 61 59' 60 60%
COO Del & Hudson .. 222 222 220 222
D L & W 450 465
4,300; D & R G &S% 37% 37% 37%
400 i Do pfd 91 90% 90 91
Dcs M & Ft D.. 24% 27
I,loo' Detroit Un Ry . &4% 94 94 95
iDetroit So 10% 10%
Do pfd 37 40
[Diamond Match «... 143% 143%
3,300 Distil Secur 54 52% 62 52%
| Do bonds -\ 84% 84%
200:Duluth SS & A . 19% 19% 19 19%
I Do pfd v 40% 40Ti
15,000 Erie !.* 47% 46% 46% 46%
LlOOj Do Ist pfd SO 79% 79% 79%
100 Do 2d pfd 7a. 73 72% 73
E & T H 75 60
Do pfd 85 »5
400 Federal M&S pfdjlOT 105 105 109
(Ft W& DC 1 73% 76
200;G«n Chemical ... 78 78 73 78
Do prd 105 110
COO'Gen Electric ...!177 175 174 175
2,100 Great No pfd ...|2SB% 283% 2X3 284
iGreene Cons Cop 29% 30%
{Greene Gold 3% 3%
1 Havana Tbb Co 30 31%
Do pfd .' 38 42
Hocking Valley 112 112%
Do pfd 92% 93
1,000 Illinois Central .. 175 173% 173% 173%
Interboro 235% 235%
Inter Marine 12% 13
Do pfd 33% 33%
000 Inter Paper 23 22% 22% 2.t
I.COOj Do pfd b5 53% 84 84%
Ilnter Power 55% 56
Jlnter Pump 26 30
400; Do rfd 78% 78 78 78%
200,10wa Central ... 28% 28% 2S 29
300. Do pfd 55% 55% 57% 58%
JKanawha & Mchj 53 C 5
IKC FtS & M pfd 1 82% 83%
2,GooiKans City So . 35% 34 34 34%
1,100 Do pfd 67% 67 67 67%
iKeokuk & D M 15 17
iLaclede Gas pfd 95 110
lLake Erie & W 40 43%
I Do pfd 92 95
Lehlgh Valley... 81% 82
..' {Long Island CO 67
4,3oo,'Louia & Nash. . .151% 150 150% 150%
iMackay 1 68% 59%
Do pfd 1 | 73% 73%
200 Manhattan ]1C3% 161% 161 % 163
34,200 Met Securities...! 78 74 75 75%
19,200.Met St Ry 127% 123% 124 124%
2,800 Mexican Central. 20% 24% 24% 23
400 Minn &St L 80%! 80 80 61
Do Ist pfd...: | 101 103
600' M. St P & S S M 139% 1138%, 139% 140
I Do pfd 164 108
3,500 Mo Kan & Tex. 37% 3C% 36% 36%
800 Do pfd 70% 70 69 70%
6.400 Missouri Pacific. 101 93% 03% 00%
jNaeh C&St L 148 152
5.C00 National Lead... 87% 84 84 84%
300! Do pfd 104 103% 102% 103% ,
Ntl R R Mcx pfd | 36 40
6,BCo:National Biscuit. C 3% C 3% C 4 64%
I Do pfd 113% 114%
New Jersey Cen 221 J23
700 N V Airbrake... 162% 161% 161% 163
18,000 ! New York Cen.. 160% 149 148% 149
N V, C & St L 71 73
Do Ist pfd..; 112 120
Do 2d pfd S9 91
N V Cent Rites. .......... 6% 6%
New York Dock. 31 34
200 NY.NH & H. 193 • 192 1»2 192%
600, N Y. Ont &W. 51% 51% 51 61%
I.4oojNorfolk & West. 84% 83% 83% 83>/ 2
Do pfd 1 90 93
2,100 North American. 100 93 98 98%
4.4oojNorthern Pacific. 204% 200 108 200^
....... Omaha 188 102
JO S L 4a .;... 05% 00
200 Pacific Coast 104 103 102 104
Do Ist pfd....; 100 jIOO
Do 2d pfd lot 105
700 Pacific Mall 43 45 47 48
63.S00.Penn R R C 0... 143% 141% 141% 141%
2,700 People's Gas 100 99% 99% 99%
(P.' C. C & St L. 84% 85,
j Do pfd 108 112-
I,4oo'Pressed Steel Car 56 55 55 65%
200] Do pfd «J»% 99% 99% 09%
(Pullman Car Co. ..... .'.... 242 243%
1.000; Ry Steel Springs 60% 53 59 CO
Do pfd , 105% 10»;%
25,700 Reading ' 137% 135 135% 135%
100 Do Ist pfd 92 02 92 02%
100 Do 2d pfd 06 06 96 96%
2,700 Republic S & 1.. 33% 32% 32% 33
2,400 'Do pfd 105% 104% 104% 104%
Rubber Goods :.... 41% 42
Do prd 103 107
1,000 Sloss-S S & I Co 68 87 87 fc7U
j, Do pfd.. 107 125
[StL &SF Ist pfd 65 C 9
4COi Do 2d pfd ... 47% 47" 47 48
200? St L& S W ... 22% 22 21% 22%
I.COOI Do pfd 67 56. 69 C 7%
24,400; Southern Tac .. 66% 65% C 5% 65%
IOOj Do pfd ...... 118% 118% 118 118%
7,100 Southern Ry ... 36 35" 34% 35
400! Do pfd ...... 100 09% -09% 100
Standard Oil 700 702
O.OOOjTenn Coal & I. 134% 129 129 129%
SOO Texas Pacific .. 33% '33 32% 33
1.100 Third Avenue ..139 137 137 137%
Toledo X & T Co 31% 32%
200 Toledo St L & W 36% 36% 35»<, 36%
300 Do pfd 57% 57% 50% 57%
lOOTwin aty R T. 117 117 117 117%
200 Union Bag & P 14 13% 13% 13%
Do pfd 82% 83
136,900 Union Pacific. .. 149% 146 140% 146%
1200 Do pfd ...... 09 03% 08% 100
...... Do cony 4s 140% 147
United Copper 65 65%
Do pfd ..' •• \u25a0 • 86 89
I United R of S F 89% 00%
400 Do pfd ...... 89% 89% 89 00
...77:. Do is ... ... 86% 87%
2 400U S Caet Iron P 45% 44% 44% 45.
200 Do pfd -1.... 02% 92 92% 93
; U 8 Express .... ...... ..... 118% 125
\u25a0 . v S Leather ... 15%
Do pfd ................ 110 117
""7.7. USR &C Dfd. ..... ..... 87 89
" v S R & R Co. ..... ..... 29% '31
" 300 Do pfd ...... 68 67% «7% 68%
2 800 US Rubber ... 52% 50 . 60% 60%
1400 Do Pfd ...... 109% 108 108 ! 109 -
lie>oolU 8 Steel Cor.. 40& Sfl 89% 80%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; DECEMBER 5 28,; 1905.
55.500 . Do pfd ...... 106%|104% 104&|1049i'
16,800 Va-Car Chem Co 52% -50 50& 51
Do pfd 117% 113%
ICoWabash 20% 20% 20% 20%
400 Do pfd .....". 41 41 40% 41;
Do oeb Bs-- 75% 76
Welle Fargo Ex. ..... -.•.. 227 235
Western Union ..... «2% 93
Westinghouse I' 3 170
Do Ist pfd ... •- 187 196
400W&LE 18 17 1(- 18
200 Do Ist pfd ... 42 42 : 41 42
....... Do 2d pfd ........ ..-.- 26, 26%
300 Wisconsin Cen.. 29 88% 29^ 29^
200| Do pfd «0% 60% | 59% 60Vi
1,275.100— T0tal shares sold.
Xeir York Bonds.
U S ref 2s reg. .102%! Japan Cs, 2d eer. 98%
Do c0up0n. ....103% Do 4%5, cert. .. 92_
Do3srec 102% Do 2d series... 92%
Do cou^n::::.lo2% L & N uninjd 4s.lCsv;
Do ol* 4s reg. 102% Man con gold 45.103-,4
Do coupon 103% Mcx Central 45. .. 80%
Do new 4s reg-130J4 Do Ist inc. . ... 25
Do coupon 130% Minn & St L 4s. 97
Amer Tob 4e. . . . 80 M. Kft Texas 45.1C0
Do 6s 115 Do 2ds -.90
Atch gen 4s 102% NR of Mcx con 4s S5
Do fdj 48..... 05^ NY C gen 3%5.. 99%
Atlantic C L 45.101% N J C gen 55.... 134%
Bait & Ohio 4S.IQ3V* Nor Pacific 45... 105%
Do3%s ..90% Do 3s ........^77.
BrooklynßT c4s 99 Nor & W con 4s. 102
Central of Ga 55.113%|0 S L refdg 45.. ..05%
Do Ist mc 93%|Pa c0nv3%5....10J%
Do 2d Inc 80 I Reading gen 45. ..103%
Do 3d Inc 74% SL & I M con 55.116^
Ches & Ohio 4%8.105»A| SU £F fg 4s. 87%
Chi & Alton 3%s 80 St LS W con 4s. 80
C B & Q new 4e.101% Seaboard- A L 4s. 89%
Ci RI & Pac 4s. 80 So Pacific 4s 93%
Do col 5s S8 Do Ist 4s cert. 06%
C,C,C & SLgn 45.102% So Railway 65... 120%
Colo Ind ss, sr A 78^i Tex & Pac lets. 122
Do ss. ser 8. .. 77% Tol.St L& W 4s. 83
Colo Midland 4s. 77 Union Pacific 45.1C6%
Colo &' So 45... 03% Do cony 4a.. ...145%
Cuba 5s .105 V4 U S Steel 2d ss. 06%
Den & Rio G 45.1C1% Wabash lsts .....115%
Dlst Securities 5s 83 Do deb B ..... 75
Erie prior lien 45.1C5% Western Md 45.. 86%
Do gen 4s. .'...'03% W & L Erie 45.. 92
Hock Val 4%5...109T4 Wis Central 45.. 94%
Japan 6s ....... £9%
>ew York Mlnlne Stocks.
Adams Con 25! Little Chief . 07%
Alice 2 25 Ontario .2 50
Breece 40! Ophir 5 50
Uruns Con 61 1 Phoenix 02
Com Tunnel .... 03, Potosi 07
Con Va Mm Co. 1 25! Savage 4i
Horn Silver 1 75 Sierra Nevada.... . 27
Iron Silver 3 50 Small Hopes 30
Lead vllle Con ... 05 Standard 365
Botiton Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |U S Steel pfd.. .104%;
Call loans 7012 Westing Common. 85
Time loans 5%00 Mmmg —
Bonds — Adventure $%
Atchison 4s 101%)Allouez 39%:
Do adj 4s 9:t t Amal Copper ....103%
Mcx Central 45.. 79 1 Amer Zinc 14%
Railroads — Atlantic 25V 4
Atchleon 86% Blngham 34% ;
Do pfd.... 104 Calumet & Hecla.7lo
Boston & Albany.2s4M Centennial 28%
Boston & Maine. 171 Copper Range ... SO
Boston Elev 156 Daly West 17
Fitchburg pfd... 141 Dom Coal 81
Mcx Central .... 24% Franklin 17U
N Y. N H & H. 102% Granby 10
Union Pacific ..140 Isle Royale 23%
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 9%
Amer Arke Chem 23 Michigan 10%
Do pfd 92 Mohawk ...63
Amer Pneu Tube 13% Mont Coal & Coke 4%
Amer Sugar 150% North Butte 84
Do pfd 139 Old Dominion ...33
Amer Tel & Te1.139'4 Osceola ...... 105%
Amer Woolen ... 41 Parrot .V. 32%
Do pfd.. 105 QUlncy ...107
Dom Iron & S.. 24% Shannon 6%
Ed Elect 11ium.. 241 Tamarack ..115
Gen Electric 173 Trinity 10
Mass Electric ... 16 United Copper ... 63%
Do pfd 59 US Mining 44%
Mass Gas 40% U S Oil 10
United Fruit ...104% Utah 53%
Un Shoe Mach... 71% Victoria •• 6
Do pfd 31 Winona 8
U S Steel 39% Wolverine .......132
THE COPPER STOCKS. .
BOSTON, Dec. 27.— Money at 60 per cent In
New York was the cause of ' the weakness in
coppers at the close.. The buying this morning
\u25a0was strong and confident all through the list
and reflected the feeling of the> public toward
coppers. In the afternoon, however, the high
rates for money prevented any further buying
end stocks sold off freely. Atlantic \u25a0Was well
bought and showed a sharp advance. North
Eutte opened with email sales at 90, but
quickly 3Old off to S5 at the close. Stocks can
not be bulled with- the. money market in Its
present condition. , ; \u25a0
London Closing; Stocks.
Cons m0ney... 89 3-16| N V Central 156
Do for acct... 89% Nor & Western.. 80%
Anaconda 12% Do pfd .95
Atchison 90% Ont & Western.. 63%
Do pfd 107% Pennsylvania .... 73%
Bait & Ohio 116 Rand Mines ..... 7%
Can Pacific 179% Reading .: 70%
' Ches & Ohio 5C% Do Ist pfd;.... 47%
Chi Great West. 22 Do 2d pfd. 49
Chi, Mil &St P. 1&6 So Railway . 36%
De Beers 17% Do pfd .... 10.1
Den & Rio G... 39% So Pacific ....... C 8
Do pfd 95% Union Pacific ...162%
Erie 49% Do pfd 101
Do let pfd>...'.. 82- U S SteeJ..'. 41%
Do 2d pfd 75 Do pfd 103
111 Central ......180% Wabash ;...21%
Louis & Na5h... 157 f Do pfd ....'.... 42%
M, X & Texas... 33%| Spanish 4s 91%
Bar silver — Firm; 30 3-16 d per ounce.
Money — 3%®4 per cent. ' t .
The rate of discount In the open market
for short bills is 3% 04 per cent and for three
months' bills 3% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.— T0-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, $138,882,272;. gold coin and
bullion, $56,&ti0,000; gold certificates, $49,572,
430. - .--'.. . .
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— There was a great
deal of liquidation of January, as to-morrow
is the first notice day for that option. The
general impression is that deliveries will be
email, as the discount of this month under
March would Justify carrying charges. /A
heavy movement was the feature. Southern
spot markets are normal and have not met
the decline In futures. The Southern Cotton
Growers' Association ' will meet at New Or
leans from January 10 to 13, to take steps
for holding the balance of this crop for 15c.
Futures opened steady; March, 11.80 c; May,
11. Otic; July, 11.20 c; September. 11.78 c; Oc
tober,. 10.01 c.
Futures eloped easy; December, 11.27 c; Jan
uary, 11.29 c; February, 11.44 c; March, 11.60 c;
April. 11.67 c; May, 11.75 c; June. 11.77 c; July,
11. Sic; August. 11.63 c.
Spot closed quiet. 15 points lower; middling
uplands, 11.05 c; middling gulf, 12.20 c. Sales,
2012 bales.
New York Grain and Produce. '
NEW YORK, Dec* 27.— FLOUR — Receipts,
16,000 barrels; exports, 7000 barrels. Market
dull with a steady undertone. • <
Wheat— Receipts. 99,000 bushels; exports,
40,050 bushels. Spot market steady. No. 2
red 01% c elevator and 93%e f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 94% c f. o. b. afloat.
Options — Weakness developed . in . the \u25a0 early
wheat market on account of poor cables, bear
ish Argentine news and liquidation. After a
midday. rally on bull support the market weak
ened, again yielding to the tight money con
ditions, but was finally steadier on late cov
ering and closed : only %®>%c lower. May,
91% c; July. 88% c; December, 84%0.
HOPS — Steady,
i HlDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady. . . .'
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE — A fairly steady tone . was main
tained during the morning, but in the after
noon considerable selling developed as a result
of the disappointing action of European mar
kets and this, : with the lack of ' substantial
support, caused prices to ease off. 'Toward the
close this pressure subsided , and on reports of
much lighter interior receipts, much of early
loss was recovered. The close was unchanged
to five points -, lower.' , Futures closed > steady,
net unchanged to 6 points ' lower. Sales were
reported of 62,500 bags, Including January,
G35@43.45c- March, 6.55@«.e5c; May,- 6.70@
6.80 c; July. 6.80<g6.90c: September, 6.05@7.00c.
Spot Rio steady. No. 7 Invoice, 8 l-16c; mild
quiet;: Cordova, o%^l2?ic.
SUGAR — Raw firm. Fair refining, 3Hc; cen
trifugal, 98 test, 3%c; molasses ' sugar, 2%0.
Refined steady. ' " ' :: - T' ;. . \u25a0 ..
BUTTER— Firm. - Street prices, extra cream
ery. 25®2flc; official prices unchanged. '
CHEESE — Strong. State full cream, small
and large colored and . white September fancy.
14c; do October best, 13% c; do late made small
colored and whtte average best. \u25a0\u25a0 12c; do large,
12iic; do fair. ll%®ll'fc.r \u25a0 ; - . .
EGGS — Steady. Southern. \u25a0- 22©29 c. s
\u25a0->:-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 DRIED FRUITS. - --\u25a0.:\u25a0\u25a0
EVAPORATED APPLES— The , market con
; tlnues very quiet and ;'. prices "; are ' without
change. Common are < quoted at "iffSc; nearly.'
prime at &®9%c; 'prime, • 9%®0%0; cholce,
10%c, and fancy . at ll@l2c.
PRUNES — Are in fair demand on spot and'
1 prices are firmly held, ; ranging : from \u25a0 4%c . to .
Be, according to • grade. < \u25a0 • v-'-'i \u25a0• .. '\u25a0 ! - \u25a0 \ ."\u25a0\u25a0;.\u25a0\u25a0
k APRICOTS — Are moving only In a small Job
bing way, but supplies are light and, no-con
cessions • are reported. ; 'Choice • are quoted at
9H@loc; extra choice, 10%@105ic; fancy,
ii<g;i2c. \u25a0 -.•. .'\u25a0 ;\u25a0'-\u25a0? y.-: - ..-. \u25a0.- \u25a0\u25a0-•'• : . . . \u25a0\u0084
\u25a0 PEACHES — Remain, ; both rs to price • and
general condition, unchanged. ' Extra? choice
are quoted at • 10c, fancy at 10% c to lie, and
extra fancy -at; 11% @13c.'\. >
RAISINS— Are in ' moderate demand in a"
Jobbing way. -but i the •'.market '.«eems . to be
rather, unsettled by conflicting reports from the
coast concerning the combination. Loose Mus-
catels are?quoted" at' s*4@7J4c;- seeded J raisins
at s}4@*>c, and London layers at $1 CO.. '
\u25a0-New Vorlc'. Metal "Market. !
, NEW YORK, Dec. 27. : !-The London" tin mar
ket scored a light ' gain compared with the fig
ures of last Friday, with spot closing at £1«2
125 ,6d- and futures. at £161 -..12s 6d. ..The local
market' continued very quiet,' with spot quoted
at $3557%@36.;!:V : : . \u25a0-. ::.,/: -\u25a0"-.\u25a0\u25a0
-Copper also was a little ; higher abroad, with j
spot closing at £79 7s -6d arid futures |at \u25a0 £78
17s Bd. Locally- the : situation .was -without
change. '\u25a0 It Is etlll \u25a0 said >. that : supplies : for .' de
livery this side of April are almost unavailable
and- there are 'rumors; of transactions; for,-de
livery before that time carrying prices over 19c
a pound, but such reports cannot be confirmed
In ' the general . market. Lake and electrolytic
are quoted at $18 50019 and casting at $18 12%
©18 62%. - •„•*•- -v - \u25a0 v
'. Lead ; was unchanged in London, . but locally
spot was a little easier, the market being quot
ed at $5 6005 96. . . . fc
' Spelter was higher at £28 15s in London.
Locally the market was unchanged at . $6 55@
6 65.':'- \u25a0\u25a0'- .• ; .• . : ,=.v . ".-.,- :\u25a0\u25a0 \: \u25a0 \ \u25a0\u25a0
I Iron had quite a sharp advance In the Eng
lish market, with standard quoted at 53s and
Cleveland warrants \ at : 54s 3d. Locally the
market was firm • and unchanged. \u25a0
Available Grain Supply. >
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications \u25a0 received by Brad
street's show the following . changes in avail
able supplies as compared with previous ac
count: \u25a0 ;
-Wheat — United States and Canada, ' east" of
the Rockies, Increased ; 589,000 bushels ; afloat
for. and in Europe, decreased, 1,300,000 bushels;
total Bupply, decreased 711,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increased 425,000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada,* east of the
Rockies, decreased 579,000 bushels. .
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. 27. — The wheat market was
weak at all times during me day. ' A decrease
of 711,000 bushels in the world's visible supply
was the only encouraging feature of the day's
news for the bulls. At the opening the market
was depressed , by the heavy movement of the
new crop in the Northwest, arrivals at Minne
apolis to-day being : reported . at 695 - cars.
Stocks of wheat at that point showed .an • In
crease of 1,100,000 bushels and this weakened
values here. I Then came , reports of a weak
market in Liverpool,- caused by reports that
the movement of wheat rrom Argentina will
commence January 15,- wnlch Is two -weeks
earlier than last year. Primary receipts in
this country were to-day almost double those
of last year, being 1,005,000 bushels, against
637.C00 bushels for the corresponding day one
year ago. j Despite the heavy preponderance of
bear news, bull . leaders supported the market :
throughout the session by liberal purchases of
May. For this option the lowest point of thfe
day was reached at 86%@86%c. The close was
easy and %@%c lower at 87%@67%c.«
Despite liberal local receipts the corn market |
was firm throughout. Trading was not heavy.
May closed %c up at 44% c.
The oats - pit was deserted f nearly all \u25a0 the
time. May closed at %c lower at 31%@32c,
Provisions were weaker because of an easier
market • for live hogs. The feature - of the
i trading was sales of lard and ribs by packers.
At the close May pork was off 10@12%c, ' lard
was down 7%c and ribs were 2%@5c lower. ,
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
December 82% 82% 82% 82%
May 87% 87% 86% 87%
Ju1y..... 83% 83% 83% 83%
Corn, No. 2—2 — v
December, old.. 47 48 47 47%
December, new. 44% 45% 44% 45%.
May 44% 44% 44% 44% |
July... 44% 44% 44% 44%
Oats. No. 2—
December 30% 30% 30% 30%
May 31% S2 81% 32
July.... 30% 30% 30?J 30%
Mess pork, per bbl —
January 13 50 13 62% 13 60 13 52%
May 13 75 13 75 13 65 13 72%*
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December .....7 35 1 35 7 27% 730 :
May .....7 45 7 45 7 40 7 40 ,
July 7 60
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 7 12% 715 710 715
May ...7 35 ,735 . 7 27% 735
July 7 42% 7 45 • 7 42% 745
Cafth Grain and Provisions. . '
CHICAGO. Dec. 27. — Cash , quotations were
as follows: Flour, easy; No. 2 spring wheat,
}«©S6c; No. 3 80@84c; No. -2. red, B«%@S7%c;
No. 2 corn, 474M7%c: No. 2 yellow, 47@47%c:
No. 2 oats, 30% c; No. 2 white. 32c; No. 3
white, 30@31%c; No. 2 rye. 63c; good feeding
barley. 37%@37%c; fair to choice malting,
41g>49c; No. 1 flaxseed, $104; No. 1 North
western, 91 09%; prime timothy seed, $3 37%;
mess pork, per bbl. $12 75<g>12 87%; lard, per
100 lbs $i 30@7 32%; short ribs sides (loose),
$"©\u25a07 12%: short clear sides (boxed), $7 35@
7. 40; whisky. . basig ?of high wines, $130;
clover, contract «grade, $13.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour bbls 25,300 . 27.400
Wheat, bu .:.. 61.000*.". 27.400
Corn, bu ....802,000. 246,100
Oats bu' 515,000 • 382,000
Rye''bu 3,000 - 1,000
Barley, bu ..... 05.700 [ 50,000
Butter, Cheese and K»cb«.
CHICAGO, Dec. 27. — On the Produce Kx
change to-day the butter market was firm;
creameries 17@24^c; dairies, H@2oc -'. :Eggs
firm; at .mark, cases Included, 18@23c; firsts,
22c; prime firsts, 20c; extras, 28c. Cheese easy,
ll^@l3c. , .:
EASTERX LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Dec. 27. — CATTLE — Receipts. 2500;
slow 5c lower; native steers. $3 50@5 50; cows
and helfera $2 5004 25;- Western steers, $2 75
g4- Texas steers, $2 Cs@3 75; cows and heifers.
$2®3 30; canners. $1 50@2 30; stackers and
feeders $2 50@4; calves. $3® tJ; bulls and stags.
SI 75i33 50. "" •
HOGS — Receipts, 7800; s@loc lower; hea\-y,
$5®5 10; mixed. $4 95@-5; light. $4 06@5 05;
plgft $4 4004 75; bulk of sales, $4 05@5. •\u25a0
SHEEP— Receipts. 3800; steady; yearllnss.
$Og« 35- •wethers. ?5 40@5 80; ewes, $4 85®
5 40; lambs. $7@7 60. '
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Dec 27. — CATTLE — Receipts;
24.000; steady; beeves, $3 50@0 15; cows and
heifers. 51 s('@4 75; stackers and feeders, $2 50
@4 30;*Texans, $3 50®4 25. \u25a0—
HOG^— Receipts 33,000: 5c higher; estimated
to-morrow, .12,000; mixed and , butchers, . $50
5 30- good heavy, $5 15#3 30; rough heavy,
$4 Cs#s 10; light, *4 9005 20; pigs. $4 70®
5 15; bulk of sales. ?5. 10® 5 20.
SITEEP— Receipts, 22,000; steady; sheep,
S4ES 85: lambs,- $4 75@8.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 27.—CATTLE—Re
celpts. 0000; market steady to weak; native
steers $3 75@6; native cows and heifers. $2@5;
stockers and feeders, $2 75®4 60; \u25a0 bulls, $2 25
@4; calves.- s3@7: Western steers, $3 75@4 80;
Western cows, $2 2503 60. -
• HOGS — Receipts. 10.000; slow steady; bulk
of sales, $4 95®5 10; heavy. $5 05@5 15; pack
ers $5®5 15; pigs and light,, s4 60@o.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4000: steady; muttons,
$4 50®5 00; lambs, $5 75@7 50; range wethers
$5 30@C 40; fed ewes, $3 50@5 23.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Forelgcn Future*.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Dec. March.'' May.
Opening .......... -6 JOU .. 6 11% 6 00%
Closing ............ 6 10«| 6 10« 6 00^4
PARIS. - . : ' .
Wheat — Tteo. Mar. -June.
Opening • 23 45 24 20
Closing 23 40 24 15
Flour— . . • \u25a0
Opening .....3160 8180
qoslng ..........•..•.••\u25a0•. 31 20 3165
St. Lool» "Wool '\u0084 Market. ..
ST LOUIS,' Deo. 27.— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium' grades, combing and clothing, 26@300;
light- fine, 21 @26c; heavy fine, 10@21c; tub
washed, 33@41^c. , -
London Hon Market
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 27.— Hops In London (Pa
cific Coast), quiet, £2 10s(g>£3 , 10s.
Northern Wheat ' Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. 27.— WHEAT— Export :
Club,; 72c; bluestem. 73 % c; red, 68c;: valley,
<3C * WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 27.— WHEAT— One cent low
er. Export: Bluestem, '73c; club, 71c; red,
68c' c ;'. -' : - : .* ;: - '-\u25a0'\u25a0'-
'}\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 Northern ,• Bualnesi*. ' .I--,?
SEATTLE, Dec. 27.— Clearings. $1,358,341:
balances. $235,671. Jf-
TACOM A. \u25a0; Dec. 27.— Clearings, $080,705 ; bal
ances, $81,648. , -
- BPOKANE, Dec. 27.— Clearings, $714,894;
balances. $71,706. : -, \ > w^;
- PORTIiANDr Pec. " 27.— Clearings, -$845,755;
balances, $87,142. \u25a0-;_.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.(• '.';\u25a0-:' ••(.- \u25a0\u25a0 .' ,;
LOCAL \ MARKETS.
* Exchange and Bullion.
l^e'w" York Exchange \u25a0 was ; firm and ; Sterlins;
weak.. : Continental Exchange was unsettled. ;.;
•:\u25a0:'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0..'--\u25a0\u25a0 -.":' " local" r \u0084'\u25a0 "\u25a0-'•-.' :pyg.
Sterling : Exchange, -V sixty - days . . — ©4 83 •
Sterling Exchange, eight . ..... — " ®4 86 .
Sterling ; Exchange, cables ...... — @i 87 ••'
New York ; Exchange, sight. . . . : . : — ©<; 03
New > York ; Exchange, telegraphlo . — : @i. 07#
Silver, per . ounce » . .'. ; :; ;*. . . . .-.y:v. ; 66%© '* —\*
Mexican D011ar5. .".'...:.... . . — ©oBl -V
• -
New . York \ on^Parls .'.............-.... . .616%
New -•' York '\u25a0 on :;. .V. ;........ ... 109 .-.-.
Paris ; on " Londonr .': . • • .."....*. . . . . . ..... .25.08 V
Berlin '; on London .../.:..:'. . .'. ;. ; . ... .20.41 , •
Wheat nnd> Other Grains.
WHEAT— -Yesterday's ! market 'il was \u25a0- dull in
all ' positions,:; with ino ; features \u25a0 worthy i of note/
Moderate eales of cash grain • were reported In
this ' market,-; but futures r were 'dull* and prac
tically unchanged.* •.. ;..
. \u25a0 CASH .WHEAT.
California Club, $1 42%; California, White
Australian, ; $147%@1 52%: » lower grades -:of
California -Wheat, $1 12%@1 30; Northern
Club, spot, $1 40; Northern Bluestem, $1 42%;
Northern Red> $1 35. . ;
FUTURES.
. Session 9to 11:30 a. m.
... : Open. - High. ' Low. Close.
May $1 ' 40% ;. $1 .40% $1 40% . $1 . 40%
,2 p. m. Session. .
Open. High.'. Low. Close."
May ........$1 40% $1 40% \u25a0 fl 40% $1 40%
"..BARLEY — The market stood about as on the
preceding day. There were 'sales of cash Feed
at. J1' 22% and 7 futures were dull and not ma
terially, changed.- ... - . \u25a0,\u25a0 :'i \u25a0 '.'. : ' " ••
CASH ; BARLEY.
Feed, $1 15@1 17% for common and $1 18%
@1 22% for good to choice: Brewing. $1 22%&
1 25; Chevalier, $1 20@l 35 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Clo«e.
May $122% $122% $122% $122%
December ... 1 23% 1 23% 1 23% 1 23%
Tt'=v,. j 2 p. m. Session.
r: Open. High. Low. Close.
May ...$1 22% $1 22% $1 22% $1 22%
OATS — Dealers continue to report a quifet
and . unchanged ] market. Receipts are not
'heavy, but are sufficient to satisfy the demand.
Red, $1 60®l 62% for choice seed, $1 30®
140 for fair to good and $1 25 for common;
Black. $l'6o@l 75 for good to choice for seed
and down to $1 25 for ordinary feed; White,
$1 37%@1 60;, Grays, nominal.
\u25a0CORN*— There is no change whatever to r«- j
port in this market.
Western sacked. $1 42%. for Yellow, $1 37%
fcr White and $1 40 for Mixed; California iarg-
Yellow, |l 42%: small round do. $1 55: White.
$1 37%; Egyptian, $1 40@l 42% for White and
fl 25®1 80 for Brown.
RYBJ— SI 42%@1 52% per cU.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 60@l 75 per ctl.
Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 80®
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70@5;
\u25a0 Oregon and Washington. $3 75®4 25 per bbl.
FARINACEOUS GOODS— Prices In packages
are. as follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour. $3 75; Rye Meal, $3 50; Rice
Flour, f 8; Corn Meal, $2 75; extra Cream do.
$3 75; Oat Meal. $4 50@4 75; Oat Groats. J4 75;
Hominy.' $3 75®4; - Buckwheat Flour. $1 50@
4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls.
$7@B; in sacks. $6 50@7 50; Pearl Barley. $8;
Split Peas, boxes, $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per
100 lbs. '
Hay and JF"eeds4uffs. .
The Bran market Is* naturally easy, consid
ering the recent heavy arrivals from the north,
but prices show no change. The receipts of
Hay yesterday were 300 tons, all cars. Prlcea
remain as before.
BRAN — $19 50@20 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $26@S0 per ton.
SHORTS— ?I9 50@20 50 per ton.
• FEEDSTUFFSS-Rolled Barley. J26@27 ; Oil
cake Meal in 5-ton lots, $37; Jobbing, $37 50 per
ton- Cocoanut Cake or Meal at mills, $22 in 10
and' $22 50 in 5 ton lots; Jobbing. $23; Corn
Meal, $29 60(330 50; .Cracked Corn. $30031;
Mixed Feed. ?24@25; Horse ' Beans, $30@4i> per
ton; Broom Corn Feed, 00c per ctl: Calfalfa
Meal, carload lots, $22; Jobbing, $23 50 per ton;
Mealfalfa. $19 in car lots and $21 for smaller
quantities.
HAY— Wheat. $11 50@16 50; Wheat and Oat,
$11@15 50; Oat $9@13 50; Barley. $S®11: Vol
unteer Wild Oat/ $7@11; stable, $8 50-38 50;
«tock. $7@7 50; Alfalfa, $7 50010 60 per ton
for ordinary and $11 60@12 for choice river.
STRAW— 3O@SSc per bale.
BeanM and Seeds.
Another advance In Limas Is noted. They
are held higher down south than here, as
stocks in this market are rather liberal. The
other Beans remain unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos. $3 50; Pea, $3 75@4; Butter.
$3 50- small White, $3 10®3 25; large White,
$2 40<&2 65; Pink. $1 90©2 10; Red, .*3 25@
3 50; Lima, here, $4 6004 70; Red Kidneys,
H 40@3 80; Blackeye, $4 25@4,50 per ctl;
Horse Beans, $1 75@1 85. ,
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $4 50@4 75; Yellow
Mustard $3 50@3 75;- Flaxseed, nominal; Ca
nary. 6%<56%c; Alfalfa. 13@140 .for Eastern
and 10@12c for California; Rape, 2#2VLe;
Timothy, 5%c; Hemp, 4%c per lb; Millet,
2?i(23Vlc- Broom Corn Seed. $20@21 per ton. "
DRIED PEAS — Nlles, $1 e0; Green Peas. $2@
2 50 per ctl. '__'^^-
Potatoes, Onlonii and Vegetables.
With supplies plentiful : and trade of a light
Jobbing character, the Potato market remained
easy and the: quotations showed no change.
Onions were lower, as, there was no etock on
the market that could command the .previous
high quotation of $1 40 per cental. Receivers
of Oregon stock were still asking $1 35 per
cental for the best lots, but sales at that price
were rare.
Receipts of vegetables were light, but the
market was well supplied with carried -over
stock.- which met with a fair demand at steady
prices.- - -
POTATOES — River Whiter. 50@85c per sack;
Burbanks, $1 10@l 40 per ctl: Oregon
Burbanks, 75c(?$l 10 per-ctl : Sweet Potatoes.
75c@$l 25 per ctl for eacka and $1 35@1 40. for
crates. • " - .
ONIONS— YeIIow. $I@l 35 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green » Peas. 6@»7c per lb;
String Beans, s@Bc per'lb- Wax Beans, B@loc
per lb; Lima Beans, B®toc per lb; Toma
toes. 75c<9$l 25 per box 'on crate; Sumnur
Squash, $l@l 50 per box; Cucumbers, $1 50@
2 per box; Cabbage. $101 25 per ctl;
Carrots, Co@6sc per sack: Garlic, s®6c rer
lb- Egg Plant, per lb; do, Coachella.
$2@2 2S per crate; Green Peppers, 4@sc per lb
for Chile and 12%@150 for Bell; Marrowfat
Squash, $200*30 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $25®
SO per ton. . ' \u25a0 . ;
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market, was in good shape- for
\u25a0sellers, there being a brisk demand for all
kinds of fowls and close clearances of desir
able offerings In the Chicken line were readily
effected at stiff prices. No Western came in
and the receipts from domestic points were
only 65 coops.- Four cases of dressed Turkeys
arrived, all but one of which went direct to
retailers. ' Game moved off well and prices
were steady as a rule.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 20@22c per lb;
Dressed Turkeys, nominal; Geese, per pair.
$2<S2 50; Goslings, $2 50@3; Ducks, $s@B per
dozen for old and $608 for young; Hens, $50
6 60 for small and $6 5007 for large; young
Roosters, $607; old Roosters. $508; Fryers,
$5 MX&6: Broilers. $3 5004 50; Pigeons. $1 25;
Squabs, $2<3"2 25.
GAME — Per dozen — Mallard: Ducks, $305;
Canvasback, $305; Sprig. $2 500-4 60; Gray
Ducks $203; Teal. $1 6002; Red Heads. $1 60
ea*. Widgeon. $1 6001 75; small Ducks, $1 25;
Black Jacks. $1 5002; Gray Geese, $3; White
r.eese $ISI 50; Brant, $2 for large and $1 25^
for small f Honkers. Hare, $1 5002; Cot
tontail Rabbits, $2 60; Brush Rabbits. $1 60.
Batter, Cheese and Egirs.
There ' was t another advance In the upper
grades of fresh Eggs yesterday, selected ranch
advancing 2c to 87c and firsts 4c to 34c. Store
Eggs also advanced. The receipts of Eggs
v.-ere larger, but not sufficient to satisfy the
demand. The commission merchants all re
port -. practically bare floors as far as fresh
ranch are concerned. \u25a0 ,
There was no change : In Butter or Cheese.
Both • were firm - and *In slender stock. Re
ceipts of Butter are fair, but the market la
consuming them every day and Is In excellent
condition for sellers.
Transactions on the exchange were as t ol-
Butter-^-For ' California" fresh extra, 82c bid;
: for the same, cold storage.. 25%0 asked; for
California fresh extra,, buyer 2, 82c bid.
Eggs — 10 cases California fresh selected, 30c;
60 cases CaUfornla cold storage firsts, 21o; for
California freeh selected, buyer 3, 350 bid ;. for
the \u25a0 same, seller 5, • 850 asked; for the same,
seller 20, -30 c asked. : V-
Cheese — For CaJirornia fancy new, 14%cbld;
coldl storage firsts. 12% c bid, 14% c asked.
Receipts were 25,600 lbs Butter, 3700 lbs
Cheese and 669 cases Eggs.
DAIRY EXCHANGE OFFICIAL QUOTA
-;: TIONS.
• (Note— The Exchange quotations represent
wholesale ; prices -a« established by \u25a0 sales, bids
and offers on the Exchange. Prices for Butter
and -Eggs on the . street , are governed by. the
Exchange quotations, > but generally range
about l@l%c higher, owing :. to the miscella
neous character of i the ' business.)
BUTTER — Fresh— California extras, 33c,
firm; firsts,, -28c. firm; seconds, 23% c,
firm ; - ; Eastern . : extras, ; 25%0 ; firsts, : 24c.
Eaßtern Ladle*— Extras, 20c; firsts, 19c. Stor
age goods— California extras, 25c, steady;
firsts, -: 23% c; Eastern ' extras, 24c, firm;
firsts, 23% c. Ladles— Extras. 20c, firm; first*
19% c. firm-- '\u25a0- - i.
EGGS — Fresh California selected, 37c, firm;
firsts, * 34c. i firm ; seconds, 28c, firm : thirds,
nominal; : California" selected store, 30c,- firm;
firsts, -28c, firm; -Eastern, nominal. Storage —
California -selected," 2Sc, steady; firsts. 25c;
seconds, 23% c. ' California store — Selectad, '24c;
flrsta, 21c ; r Eastern; selected,' 24c; firsts,'' 23%c;
seconds, 17% c.' \u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0/.•''\u25a0"'
CHEESE — California fancy, new, 14 %c,
steady; firsts, 13% c, firm; seconds, 12@12%c,
firm, i • Young America*, fancy, 15c, firm ;
firsts. & 14c; . Beconds, ~l l3c. Eastern — Fancy.
15%016c, firm; Western, 14014% c. Storage —
California v, fancy, 18 % c, - firm: flrßts, 12%o;
Young Americas. », fancy. 14c; Eastern, . fancy.
15c. steady. : ;'" ."• :' \u25a0' '\u25a0\u25a0 .'.- '-. ; V
Decldaona ., and Citrus Fruits. : .
: ' The - ; demand " for \u25a0 fresh \u25a0 fruits ; showed '\u25a0'- some
little \u25a0 improvement over the preceding day,; but
trade wan stiir of ; email volume, aa local re
tallere were * limiting their '\u25a0 operations rto the
purchasing -! of t small parcels ;a for . Immediate
wants \u25a0 \u25a0 The 5 Orange market _.was badly^pon-.
Rested' with small . fruit. * for .-. which i there was
vtry little demand, and prices for each stock
were irregular, some very ; small •: offerings " of
standard Navels selling down to 60o " per box.
Big slzea of . Navels ' remained , firm und«r lim
ited supplies and a' fair « lnquiry. Stocks :\u25a0.-. of
Mexican • Limes '.were ; cloeejy % cleaned \u25a0 up r and
a few 'remaining lots were firmly held at ad
vanced '. quoutlons. The \u25a0\u25a0< other Citrus good 3
were i plentiful * and i quiet \u25a0at r about previous
prices. 3- There was very little \u25a0 doing \u25a0In -Apples
or Pears," and Perslmmoali cut but little figure
"CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, 1501 6 c per bar
rel, •• - - ; ' ;: ' \u25a0'\u25a0 '" •"\u25a0 \u25a0•""' • • • :
:• 'APPLES — $1 2502 : per box for fancy, 750
; ©$1 25 for choice and 40@75c for commotf:
Christmas Apples. $1 25@2 50 per box.
f PEARS— Winter vNellis. $1 50@2 50 per box;
other varieties. $I@l 25 per box. \u25a0
PERSIMMONS— SOc@SI per box.
CITRUS AND TROPICAL FRUlTS—Or
anges :•.:\u25a0• Navels, $2@2 50 p«r box for fancy.
$1 60@1 75 for choice and.sl©l 50 for-Btand
ards; "Seedling^ 75c651; Tangerines, $1®
1 25; Japanese Mandarins, $1 2501 50; Lem
ons. $1 5002 50; Grape* Fruit. ?1 50@2 50; Mexl
can. Limes, $4 5(Xg5 per case; Bananas. Ha
waiian, $I@2 per bunch; Central . Am.rlcan,
$2 50@3'50 per bunch; Pineapples, $^@o per
i dozen. ~. \ - \u25a0 . . .
Dried Fruits, Nnts, , Ilaf sins and Hoaef.
FRUlTS— Apricots, B®loc for Royals and
o@l2c for Moorpark3; Peaches, 8%0 for stand
ards. B%c for choice. 9c for extra choice and
»%610c for fancy; Pears B<gl2%c; - N^cUr
lnes. 7%®8%0 for white and 7V4@7%<? for Red;
Plums pitted. 6%@7Uc for Black. 7@9c for
Red and 7@9c for Yellow; Silver Prunes, 7®9c;
Evaporated Applte. B*?9%c; Figs, boxes, sOe
for choice. 55c for extra- choice and 60@65c for
fancy; bulk white. 2%@4c per lb; black.
363% c. \u25a0 -• \u25a0 \u25a0 . •.
t PRUNES— 3?4@4c . basis for the four sixes
(60-100) and 4iic basis for the large and small
sizes. - . •
' RAISINS— Loose, 4-crown, 6%c per lb; 3
crown.- 6c; 2-crown. 6«ic. Seeded Raisin* —
Fancy. 16 ounces. SVic- fancy, 12 ounces, 6%c;
choice, 16 ounces, -fc; choice. 12 ounces. 6%c:
Imperial Clusters. $3 per 20-lb box; Dehesas.
?2 50; fancy. $2; 3-crown London Layers.
$1 50; 2-crown. ?1 40; • seedless standard loose
Muscatel*. 4%c: seedless Sultanas. 5%@7c;
Thompsons. e%c; bleached fancy. 9@10%c;
bulk choice. 8c; standard, 7c.
NUTS— Almonds: Nonparlels. 12%©13 c; I X
L. 12c; Ne Plus Ultra. 11%@12c; Drakes,
9%©10 c, and Languedoc. 9@9%c; hardshell,
5%@6«.c ; Walnuts, No. -1 softshell. 13@14c;
No. 2, 9@loc; No. 1 hardshell. 12%@13%c; No.
2, S%©9%c; Peanuts, Cii'c for Eastern; Pe
cans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50@5; Italian
Chestnuts, B©loc per lb.
t HONEY— Comb, 12%@15c for white and 10®
12c for amber; water white extracted* s\i'si
B%c; white, sc; amber 4@4%c; dark. ;
Hawaiian. 2%c for extracted.
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
Provisions.
The market continues dull and of a holiday
character.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12% c per lb for
heavy. 12% c for light medium. 13%@14c for
light. 14@14%c for extra light and 16®16%c
for sugar-curedj dry Salt Sides, lie: Bel
lies. 12c; Eastern eugar-cured Hams, 13013 He;
California Hams. 12&@12%c; Mees Beef. $9 50
per bbK extra ' Mess, .$10; Family, $11; prime
Mess Pork.' $14; extra clear. $19 50'; Mess.
$17 50; Pig Pork. $22; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked
Beef 14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted I at 6tf c per lb for
California compound,, 707 1 ie for Eastern com
pound and 9%c for 7 pure; half barrels, pure.
10c: 10-lb tine. 10% c; 5-lb tins, 10% c; 3-lb
tins, 10% c - - - -.
COTTOLENE^ — One - half barrel. 8c; three
half barrels, 7%c; one tierce, 7%c; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 13c; medium. 12% c; light 12c;
Cow Hides, 12c for heavy and 12c for
light; Stags. B%c; Salted Kip. 12c; Salted
Veal. 13c; Salted Calf. 14c; dry Hld«e, 21c;
dry Kip. 20c; dry Calf. 23c: Sheepskins,
shearlings. 20@60c each; short Wool," 50@90c
each; medium, 90c@$l 25; long Wool. $1 25@2;
Horse, Hides, salt. $3®3 25 for. large and $2 75
for medium, $2 25 for email and> 50c for Colts;
Horse. Hides, dry. $2®2 25 for large and $1 50©
1 75 for medium. $1 50 for small and 50c for
Colts. Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 34c; dry
Baited Mexican. 25c; dry Central American.
Ssc- Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; ex
tra large do. $1 25; large. 50@€0c; medium.
35040 - email, 25c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4%c In barrels;
In cans and drums. %c less; No. 2. 3®3%c:
Grease. 2@2%c.
WOOL— Fall clip — Northern free, 15017 c;
do. defective. 12@14c; Middle County, free. 150
17c- do. defective. 12@14c; San Joaquln and
Southern, 10013 c; « San Joaquln Lambs, 140
16c- do. defective. 9012 c per lb.
HOPS— 7©llc per lb.
Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: .
BEEF — s<g6c for Steers and 405 c per lb for
Cows. -•
• VEAL— Large, 5%07%c; small, 7@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9%01Oc; Ewes, B%®9c
per lb.
lAMB — 10©llc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. B%©9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
V The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 400
43 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 6%6ti%c; Cows and Heif
ers. 4%55c. \u25a0 -. •
CALVES— 3%@4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 3%©3% c; Ewes, 303Uc
per lb (gross weight). . .
LAMBS— S2 7503 per head.
HOG3 — Live Hogs, 130 to 230 lbs, ' sls@6c;
over 250 lbs, 5%c: under 130 lbs. 5%c;
Feeders, nominal; Sows, 20 per. cent off ; Boars.
50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, buyer June-July, 6%©
6%c : Wool Bags. 30033 c; small lots, 31©31 c;
Fleece Twine, 7%c.
.COAL — Wellington, $S per ton: New Wel
lington, ' $S; Seattle. $8 50; Bryant, $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50: Roslyn. 57; Coos Bay. $5 50:
Richmond. $S; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $» per ton; Coke. $11 50013 per
ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $S 50 per short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add sc: Linseed, 50c per gallon for boiled and
48c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases, Jl 1601 13; Lucol, 4Sc forv
boiled and 46c for raw; China Nut. cases. 650
7Sc per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, In barrels. 58c
for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm OH, 68c : natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached Winter Whale
Oil Csc; natural Whale Oil, 60c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil, 65c;
Pure Neatsfoot Oil, 75c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
57% - Herring Oil, 45c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled
Fish Oil, T>sc; raw Fish OH. 35c; Paint Oil. 35c.
COAL OIL, GASOLINE. ETC.— Water Whit*
Coal Oil. In bulk, lie; Pearl Oil. In cases.
17% c: Astral, 17% c; Star. 17% c; Extra Star.
20% c; Elaine. 26c; Eocene. 19% c; Stove Gaso
line in bulk. 15% c; In cases. 22c; Motor Gaso
line, in bulk, 15% c; In cases. 22c: No. 1 En
.gine Distillate, Iron barrels or drums, 8c; No.
2 do 6%c; cases, 6%c more; Benzine, In bulk,
12% c; cases, 19c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk.
25c: in cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE— 9Oc per gallon In casea and
84c In drums and iron barrels. .'
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red • Lead, 80
S%c per lb; White Lead. B@B%c. according
to quantity. \u25a0:
* SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, In 100- lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.3 Cc:
Powdered. 5.15 c; Candy Granulated. 5.15 c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.05 c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
C.C5c; Fruit Granulated, 5.05 c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 4.55 c: Confectioners'
A. 5.05 c; Magnolia A. 4.65 c; Extra C. 4.55 c;
Golden C, 4.45 c; "D." 4.35 c; barrels. 10a more;
half barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
bags. ' 10c more for all kind*. Tablets — Half
barrels, 5.55 c; boxes, 5.80 c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos, 8.050 per lb. . No order taken for less
than seventy-five barrels or lta equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 27.
Flour, qr ska.... 9,0371 Hops, bales 133
Wheat, ctls .... 1.026) Brandy, galfl ... 50
Barley, ctls . .". 3.972 Wine, gals 52. C00
Oats, ctls 50i Leather. ' r0115 .... 59
Corn, ctls ..... 99 Hides. No 1.477
Tallow ctl« ... 254 Pelts, bdls 255
Potatoes, sks .: 3,668 Lime, bbls 91
Onions, Bka .... 306 Raisins, bxs ... 500
Bran, sks 1,775 Calfskins, bdla.... 70
Middlings, sks;. 95 Quicksilver, flaks ICO
Hay. tons 800 Apples, bxs .... 40
Straw, tons .... - 15. Livestock, head.. 3,051
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls ....49,8031 . <
WESTERN, STATES. "
Corn. ctl« 60O[
STOCK MAItKET.
Local Stocks Quiet, "With a Break la
Alaska Packers. v .
The feature on the Stock and Bond Exchange
yesterday was the sharp drop In Alaska Pack
ers . from $55 ! to ' $52 50 . under moderate , sales.
Another feature was the rise In Onomea Sugar
from $30 to $31 25. Telephone was $1 higher
at $104. The other stocks showed little change.
In the mining stocks the Tonopaha attracted
the most attention, . with - the list generally
strong and particular activity In Kendall at a
marked advance. - , . :
The Mechanics' Savings Bank has declared
a dividend for the half year ending December
81 at the rate of 3% per cent per annum, pay
able January 2. • , . - v •
The Humboldt Savings Bank has declared a
dividend to depositors, for the half year ending
December. 81. * at the rate- of 8.60 Der cent per
annum, payable January 2.
"The Security Savings Bank of ' San Francisco
has declared a semi-annual dividend at the rat*
of 3% per cent per annum on all deposits, pay
able January: 2. This Is an advance of Vi per
cent on the rate paid for the first six months
of this year." ,- .~r - m •-- \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0' \u25a0..
The Savings and Loan Society, of San Fran
cisco I has declared a semi-annual dividend at
the rate of 8% per cent per annum on all de
posits, payable January 2. The rato Is the
: same . as that \ paid ; for: the " first half . of ' this
year.'. " : .•• \u25a0 . . * \u25a0-"" \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'-:.
The Scandinavian-American Savings Bank' of
San Francisco has declared a semi-annual divi
dend at the rato of 3.00 per: cent on .term de
posits and k 3.50 per cent' on . ordinary ; deposits,
payable January 2.,* For, the first six months of
this year, this ba,nk paid at the rate of 3.50 per
cent on all deposits. . \u25a0. . . -.*- : — ,« . .- w
•.' The * Swiss-American * Bank . has declared i a
semi-annual dividend at the rates of .3.60 per
cent ' per, annum \u25a0 on ; term deposits and 3U per
cent ; on ', ordinary; deposits, \u25a0 payable January Z.
The rates are \u25a0 the came as those, paid for the
first six months of. this year... .'
The California Gas and Electrio Corporation
AUCTION SALES
£* fe £*»
AUCTION SALE,
NEVADA STABLES
1359 Market Street. '
TC-ffIOS3OV.
Friday, December 29, at 1 1a.m.
I will sell the contents of the Nevada Stable*,
consisting of 70 head of flrst-class Hcrsta.
among them a number of matched teams and
some jot the best Road Horses in th» city, a
number of first-class Business Horses and
some good Wagon Horses. 25 flrst-class Busi-
ness Buggies. 15 Road Buggies. 12 Top Bug-
gies, 4 Surreys. 1 Hack. 1 Victoria. 1 Wagon-
ette and a number of wagon* of all, kinds.
Harness for all outfits. Whips. Kobes. Blankets.
Safe and Office Fixtures and a number of other
things too numerous to mention. -
This is not a lot of cheap stuff, but one of
the best. If not the best, equipped stables oa
the coast. Everything must be sold, for the
owners are retiring from the livery business
and the building will be remodeled into a
theater. _--.'. .
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY. December 2S. at It A. M«
AT 875 ,FOL.SOH STREET,
40 horses, wagons, buggies. 20 set of working
harness; also some sored horses, condemned by
one Of the largest delivery companies In th»
city. Everything will positively be- sold.
SAM HABLES. Auctioneer.
has declared a dividend for the half-month
ending December 31 of lSt^c per share, or
$12.500. payable December 30.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 40c per »har»
January 5.
The Hawaiian- Commercial and Sugar Com
pany will pay a regular monthly dividend ot
65c x>er v share January 5.
The Onomea Sugar Company will pay a reg
ular monthly dividend of 40c per share Jan
uary 5.
STOCK- AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Dec 27—2 > m.
UNITED STATES BOND*
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .103%104 4s qr cp n^.l32^— \u25a0
4s qr r«p.. . lo3^lo*Hi 3» qr coup. -.103*4104*4
MISCELLANEOtTS BONDS. . • V . '
Ala A W ss. — — Ok T Con sa. — —
Asso Oil 5s 92 — aW gtd ss. 93 BS«4
Bay CPC sb. — 109 Oceanic 85b 61 67 *»
Cal C G ss. — 110* i Om Cable 65.120^a —
Cal G&K i? , Pac Glm4a »6 —
m&ct 5a 98% — PE Ry 0a,.112^113*»
Cal-st C ss.mVill3&( Pac L&P So.lOt^ —
C C Wat 63.10J — P& C H 63.109 —
Do g mgss 04 96 P& O R 6s.HO —
Ed L&P 63.122^123 Powell-st es.llt —
F& C H fis.ll3 114 Sac EGAKS*.IOT ICS
Geary-st sa. — CO SF & SJVss.ll9Vi —
H C&S 5^9,105^ — SF.O& 5J35.114 116.
Do 8s 106 ICWS4 Sierra R 6s. — 112 ft
Hon R T 6«.105»4 — SPof A 6s
LA K!ec .V?. 104'« — (1909) ....108% —
LAG&EI 3*.101 — (1910) 10»V» —
LA Ry ss. 118% — SPof C 6s
LAL gtd. 55.106 — . <19©6) 102% —
LAP lcmsa.lltUll2 «1312> 114 —
LAP C 5«.. 108** — SPC leg 53.113 —
Mkt-st C 6s. 118 M~% S V B R 6a. 135 138
Do lctno<».m*ine S V Wat Cs.IC2T» —
MV4 MT53.105V, — Do 4a 2dm. — —
NR of C »55.104% — Do 4a 3dm. — —
Do w .a ....119% — Do g mg4a 08 90
VP C R *>;• 10«%10S Stkn G&E6*. 9» —
N C Ry 55. 112 ft — J U G & E 5a.105V 4 —
N* C P C sa. 99^ — lUR of SF 4« 87% S7*l
O GL&H 55.1€9 — 1 Val Co P 55.104Vs —
Ok TCo 6a.123 — I Yos SL 4%«. — 93**
Do C* ....115 — !
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Csta 45"» — I Port Coata. .. — 68
Marln C 0 ... 60 — |s V Wat Co 40 40%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L& P — 4%t P*° L Coa T7 ' 77^
Martel Powr 2 — SFG& B. 86 —
Mutual E L IC% — ! Stkn G& B. »% —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fd.373 450 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 131 LP & A...U8 152%
Anglo-Cal .. 02% 90 Iter Trust.. .2lo 240
Bank of Ca1. 423 — Merch Ex... CO —
Cal Safe Dp.160 — S F National — 180
First Natnl.34o —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L29CO — Say &I, So.lOO —
Hum S 8k.2153 — Sec Say 8k.305 —
Mutual Sav.lo9^ — Union T C 0.2700 3300
S F Say U. 700 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..212% — I Presidio .... — 40
Geary — •*<* I
POWDER.
Giant Con.. 76 — !.
SUGAR,
Hawaiian C. 84 / — Makawell C. 32^4 —
Honokaa SC 11% 12 Ononiea SC. 31 —
Hutch SP C 14% 14% Paauhau SC 23 —
Kllauea S C — I%i
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P. A. 52% — Oceanic SCo — —
Asso Oil Co 55% — Pac Aux FA. — —
Cal FCA. — 99% Pac C E0rx.152 —
Cal Wine A 81% S2 PacS Tel Co.lM —
MV& MtTm. — — I i
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
5 Associated Oil Co 53 50
5 California Wine Association. . . 82 00
10 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 84 00
70 Mutual Electric Light ID'S
100 Onomea Sugar Co 30 CO
100 Onomea Sugar Co 30 25
5 Ononiea Sugar Co 31 CO
100 Spring Valley Water Co 40 00
$1,000 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 5a 10* 00
$3,000 Los Angeles Ry 5» US 50
$5,000 Spring Valley gen mtge 4a.... 98 CO
$5,C00 Spring Valley 4a. (2d mtge)... 100 12%
$8,000 Spring Valley 4a (3d mtge)... 99 87%
$2,000 Cal Gas & El G M & C T 55.. 99 37%
$10,000 Cal Gas & Q G il & C T 55.. 09 ft)
Street —
- -45 MakaweU 82 30
10 Spring Valley Water Co 40 12%
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Alaska Packers' Association. .. 04 50
40 Alaska Packers' Association... 04 23
20 Alaska Packers' Association... 04 37%
20 Alaska Packers' Association... 54 CO
SO Alaska Packers' Association... 63 00
5 Alaska Packers' Association... 52 50
50 Contra Costa Water 46 00
20 Mutual Electric Light 16 73
\u25a050 Onomea Sugar Co- 31 25
3 Pacinc Lighting TT CO
$1,000 Market-st Ry Ist con 5s 115 SO
(1.000 United R R of S F 4*... SZ 02%
Street—
$16,000 Cal Gas & El O M 4 C T 3m.. M 75
Unlisted Securities).
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6a.10«% — SF Drdk 59.115 —
.B L Wat 63.112 — SF G4E4%s.loltf —
Cal NW ss. — 111%. SF & NP 55.112 - —
M C Wat 6* — 1U 8 P C R 4s. 98 . -
O T Con ss. — 10S ' Sun Tel 6s. .112 —
Pac G&E 53 94% — Do 3s ....108%110%
Rlsl Wksss. — ICS . .
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0 . .. — 25 I Mils Nat 8k.325 — '
Am Bla CO.UO — NS R R Co, — Vt%
Cal Cot Mis 90% 83% N Cal P Co. 13% —
Cal G&ECor SO% — . Ok Bk. Sav.l3o .—
C Jockey Cl. — 150 lOOF Hall A•6% —
Cal Powder. 160 Orpheum Co. 17 —
Cal Ship Co — 25 PacC Cas C 0.130 -173
Cal TI& T — 190 P G&EI pfd 87% 97%
Cen Bk. Ok. — 75 Pac Sur Co. — 120
Chutes Co.. — 5 Paraf Paint. 100 —
CityA C 8k.117% — S F Drylock — 75
Cyp L Imp. — 8 SF & SJCoal 20 23
DptPwd pfd 98 100 S Jose Wat. 103% —
Do com ..100 — SO& MTgbt. —, 180
FNi Blc. 0k.120 — So Pac Co. . —< . 68
Frnch-A Bk.llo — Swiss- A 8k.125 130
Gas Con A. — 19 Track Elect. — . 2214
Hono P Co. — . 33 Union a Co. 30 33
Do old pi. — 33 W-Fargo 8k.225 —
Do aw pi. — 30 West Nat 8k.163 163%
Mat Nay C 0.120 ' —
SALES. \u25a0\u25a0
. -Morning Session.
Board—
$U,COO Pac G i Bl 5a (whsn Issued).. 95 00
Street —
10 Seaboard Bank 63 CO
$2,000 Pac G&EI 5a (wbn Issued) . . 95 00
Continued oa Pare Tvf elr«.
ImwnandofferJ
J $100,000 City of ReJdlns .Vs.
120,000 3lark»t-Street Railway y
I \u25a0 \u25a0 . s>*. - •\u0084. --.-.-,;.
\ 525.000 Southern Pacific of Art*
. ' ; ion» U'l.
1 (30,000 Stockton Water Com-
,l . pany O*s.
Yield 3.9© to 5 per cent, tax free. '
N.W. HALSEY&CO.
California and Sannome Sts* <
> San Francisco* ~ \u25a0
&V.. ... . ,_ v ..i . . ..........o
1314
TEACHERS ELECT C. C VAN LIEW
TO PRESIDENCY OF ASSOCIATION
At yesterday's session of the
California Teachers' . Asaocls- <
t ton at the University of Calt
fnraJa a committee of mine
drew up resolutions recom
mending that 'certain entrance
requirements for the unlrer
slty be chanced and that cer
tain courses of study In hl*;h
schools be enlarged. It de
clared that the pupils put In
too much time In the. study of
American history, to the ex
clusion o* g-eneral history.
Xature study was urged for
all school, of the State. Presl
. dent Wheeler, "Governor Par
dee and other noted scholars
addressed the meeting. C. C.
Van L,lew of the Chlco Normal
! School was elected president
for the coming year. The de
llberatlon» proceed to-morrow.
Changes Proposed in
University Re-
quirements.
Wheeler Scores Poli
tics in Public
Schools.
Gov. Pardee Urges
Regard for Health
Rules.
. -yesterday's session of the California
.Tearhers' Association at the University
of California was the most important
since the opening day. Officers were
.cTlected for the following year and a meet
•infc' place for next year selected: a com
mittee reported recommendations . for a
"change in the entrance requirements of
\p* University" of California and in the
studies prescribed in many of the schools
. .c* the State; Governor Pardee spoke on
• School Sanitation and Hygiene" and
.President Benjamin Ide Wheeler delivered
'a strong address on the schools of Cali
fornia. Many other papers of importance
"•frere read during the day. A business
EK-sion occupied the entire afternoon.
• ii. C, Van Liew, principal of the State
» "Normal School at Chico. was elected pres
ident of the Teachers' Association for the
<-omlng year, to succ~d James A. Barr of
Stockton, who has presided during the
last twelve months with great success.
"Psofessor Van Liew has been principal
*cf the Chico Normal since 1899, and is
.^prominent in the educational circles of
California. D. M. White of Fresno and
A. H. McDonald of San Francisco were
fleeted vie* presidents; Mrs. M. M. Fitt
/serald of San Francisco was continued
'«6* secretary, with R. A. Lee as her assist
ant; F. X. Barthell was elected railroad
secretary and Philip Prior of San Fran
cisco was chosen for treasurer. Fresno
was made the next meeting place.
The most important work of the day
was the presentation of the resolutions
drawn up by the committee of nine, com
posed of three members from the Teach
ers' Association, three from the Univer
sity cf California and three from the
High School Association of Teachers.
.Tiie members have been meeting at dif
ferent times during the last seven months
apd they formulated resolutions regard-
Ing the entrance requirements for admis
sion Into the University of California and '
tthe courses of study offered in the ele
mentary schools.
• ,TOO MUCH TIME FOR HISTORY.
In regrard to the elementary schools this
committee recommended that a reorganl
r&tion of the studies offered in the sev
enth end eighth grades take place to' give
these classes more of a high-school char
' acter. It recommended that an elective
. foreign language be taught in these
grades and by a special teacher; also that
a manual including rathmetic, algebra
and fsometry be got up for universal
\ nee m the schools by the State Board of
Education. Nature study, without text-
AD\'EKTISE3IEyTS t
McClurc's "Features."
CMcQurc's Magazine
always endeavors and
generally succeeds in
having a number of what
are -known as "features," but
its greatest feature is deliver-
ing each month a complete
magazine so good that you
will always think the ten
• cents you pay for one copy,
or the dollar you pay for
twelve, well spent
Invest the ten cents or the
dollar to-day.
All News stands, 10c, $1 a year
McClure's Magazine
44 60 East 23d Street, NEW YORK
Los Angeles Times
SAW FRJLWCMCO OFFICE
IS NOW- IN
Room 4!, Chronicle Bldg.
Telephone Mala 1471.
Arthur L. Fkh, Repr*tent*tlvt
Th» Times la the advertising:
1 medium of the Southwest.
fa) JUST OUT
W\ WHOLESALERS
Ml Price lltta of Holiday Goods j a
Jy*L Chinese end Japanese Fancy
jf*. Gooda; Rare Art Curtot; Antlqu.
ft J/\ Chin*: ' Silk Emoroidarlea. Tcu,
cVgje^V. 1 «tc. Call or write for hisdiom* .
«Rn7^>*^l lUostratcd Catalorue.
FOOK WOH &. CO.
J^ifpfo 70? D«ptnt »t->- BAK 7RAKCI6OO
books, was urged as a . beneficial study
for the child in school.
This committee declared that the boy
and - girl of our. public schools to-day
spend too much time in the study of
American history and the technical points
connected with it. It recommended tha/
the courses in American history.be short
ened,.so that more time could be, devoted
to general history of a biographical na
ture.
The following recommendations to the
University of California were offered:
That the University ol California announce
publicly its actual practice, with reference to
giving credit for manual training.
That the admission requirement* for en
trance to the college of. mechanics, mining,
civil engineering and . chemistry .be changed
so that either Latin or Greek may be offered
In place of a modern language, -
That biology be added to the. list of elective
subjects required for admissions .. ' . ,
That some other science be accepted as a j
substitute for phyilcs. . .
Thai the university should offer, the whole
of Latin subject seven of the- preparatory sub- I
Jects (1. c., Cicero -and Virgil) ..as a college!
course. \u25a0
That' entrance to the- college of commerce j
be made possible without \u25a0 the requirement of
Latin.
That the reading In translation of the
•"Iliad." the "Odyssey" and' the "Aeneld" be
substituted for the "Classic Mxths" In the I
English requirements. . •. j
The report of the committee was j
adopted by the general session.' It will i
be referred to the session of the High
School Teachers' Association to-day for
adoption there. The committee is made
up of Professor Irving Strlngham, Pro
fessor A." F. Lange, Dr. ,A.'.-W.'. Scott,
Fred H. Clark, Herbert Lee, A. E. Kel
logg. G. S. Wells, C. L. Biedenbach and
Dr. E. C. Moore. . .'....
SCORKS SCHOOL. POLITICS.
. President Wheeler's paper was the
striking one of the day. He's struck
sharply at the presence of, politics in
school affairs and declared that this
feature must' be eliminated. He-criti
cized the recent -tendency of the high
schools toward specialization, in imita
tion of the university/and declared that
this specialization .was- a detriment to
the progress of such. "schools and to. the
welfare of the pupils. He -praised Ah
high terms the zeal for public schools
exhibited 'by!- the people of California.
He spoke in part as follows:
Politics and schoor affairs are both' forms of
public activity, but \u25a0 they cannot b» mixed .in
eny proportion whatsoever .without noxious ami
ft-tid product. "Politics Is good In Its place,
but it hae no' place, in or. near , the school*.
It will take' the children's, bread and give: It
unto dogs. It 'ought to be .'possible for'ra -pro
gressive State like .California to devise ia"f way
by which superintendents "and "other- school
officials * can -be spared. \ht necessity :of sick-;
Ing their places or continuance, therein by means
or the po"tf cal canvass, convention and cabal. .
If there were no other reason weighing against j
the present -\u25a0 method than the . uncertainty, cf
tenure connected with the" fluctuating chance'
of the political party upon whose -ticket -{ho
candidate i% named, that would.be enough, to
condemn it. . .... . ' • -
We cannot expect to command the service
of professionally equipped 'men > for .our: super- '
lctendents unless opportunity, .for a' , consistent,
professional caner is offerad; ' In 'other .words,
we cannot expect -to get as much as Ye de
ftrve from the salaries" rv.e 'pay. If the re
vision of .the. fundamental • law .''presents '• too ;
cumbrous an obstacle,, why = . cannot the party,
organization be Induced- to ! .leave, tbe •nomina
tion cf a common candidate- to a committee of.
leading disinterested citizens -selected - either'
by the party organizations or by a school con
: ventloa of citizens assembled without , regard'
Ito party? This would not" be*, a .new expe'rl-
cirnt. It has been tried *nd . will 'work. . . '
The political convention*: do.- not really car*
for the opportunity of nominating; it !s there
and they use It. generally an a mak.e-welgtit
tc re-establish local balance*. on .the ticket.: The'
office was Intended, howtyer, . for the good . of
the children of the State.? -, . \u25a0;, -. v; . -.•;;•,
TALKS OX ". SANITATION.
| Governor Pardee. spoke strongly "on
• th*> subject of school sanitation. - He
urged the teachers to- watch'the little
things that concern the health: of,. tlie
children. "In telling of one ."school- he
said: - ' . -\u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0 ;:.•.,'
, The last time I visited a.J school house IV found !
the. children" * hats and wraps hung. in "aTirki
and unventilated hallway, and the " smell f ol'
th* W€t \u25a0 garments, seething: in the ..wa rm air,!
was not Inviting.. I asked the principal"" if :
every child had its own particular hook upon j
which to hang Its outer , garments, and -was!
told that such wa» not the case. , My "Inquiry ,i
aa to why th« hallway was not ventilated, or!
a ventllatable> room given up to.use as a h&t'
aad cloakroom," was . met by tb« assertion ' that
the Board of Education. , although repeatedly
asked to Co so, had : not rranted the request.
Every time I think of ' those ; bats and coals
promiscuously hung In that damp, warm/dark"
unventilated hallway,. I wonder . how many of
those children have died from, diphtheria, scar
let fever, m«asle« and the J ike. to sajr nothing
of those who* have , tuffered from- lit
tle things . that. " while',, annoying," are" not'
necessarily fatal, like the slow-era wllng things
and '.the various . scalp diseases that may • be
communicated by -means of hats 'and caps and'
bonnets. . '
•• It was during the general session in
the afternoon that \u25a0'-A..'" E. ".Wlnship,'
editor .of "the,: Journal , of. Education.';
Boston. ; delivered' a' short " address 'on'
THE' SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER '28, 1905.
C. C. VAX LIEW. PRINCIPAL'
CHICO NORMAL. SCHOOL, NEW
PRESIDENT C. T. A.
"*' * *
"Fads and "Fancies .vs. the' 'Rs,' ".. a
comparison of the. old and*the new
methods of teaching. He; pointed -out
the changes thatj^iave taken place and
humorously alluded to - some of the
modern fancies.;' ". . v '/'\u25a0\u25a0,"- >^
At the council of education a report
on "High, School Training" , was read
and discussed.'"' \u25a0.'' : . \u25a0 ;
The departmerit of school boards and j
trustees -held . "meetings in the ob
servatory yesterday -morning.* "Besides
Governor . Pardee.'. "W. H.~ Weeks of I:
Watsonvllle, Robert Furlong,- San Ra
fael: E. W. Hyatt, Riverside; J. W.
McClymonds, Oakland: X. IC Foster,
Sacramento; J. S. Dore, Fresno/ and
others discussed the needs .of- the city
and country school buildings. -'
At; the '""meeting of. the; Elementary
6chool : Association papers, were read
by A. E. Wlnship and C. C. Van Liew.
HIGH SCHOOL. COURSE. - " '
•: It was at, the .meeting of ,'^the 'High
School \u25a0 Teachers' Association,', 'that
James. Ferguson, of the Missipn;- : High
School,'. San Francisco, "declared * that
the present course-;ofr.study!,offered \u25a0in
the high schools was Vnot rightly se
lected for the bby.and girl who do'nqt
intend going to.colleffe. He said .thai 1
they .got. a ; little of .\u25a0. \u25a0 everything, but
that which they really need.- He "said
in part: '. .. ;. \u25a0> -: . -\u0084,
While Home advance is beint made In Oall
fcrnla. ."there are conditions which stand In
the- way ,' of* an ; immediate remedy^ — the . law
which . cotnoels a High ' St-liool to gjve a. col
lege preparatory ."course •before Jt can gu State
aid, and Xhe : great " desire' of schools, to. be on
the accredited list:.' ' r '-.*, : As-JJ*tm»dßM>malvbia
The \u25a0 proposed remedy Tor. the., present wrongs
is'that the High Schoolcourse of; study shall
be determined by: the leaders In secondary edu
t-atlcn:rather than by those who are'primarily
interested in- securing ; uniformity. ; In - college
entrance requirements.
At the meeting of the, State Library
-Association. Professor. E. P., Cubberley
of . Stanford University discussed : the
of' the State Library "'to , the
'rural ; schools. . ; The .'department' of
geography met in : the morning.- and
listened' to a paper on' "Practical^ Work
in Geography" by .W.J.Keny'on of; the
San Francisco Normal School. ' Pro
.fessor A. B. Clark delivered 1 , trie prin
cipal address before the Drawing and
Manual 'Training Teachers' /Associa
tion. , , ;\u25a0".-'.'*'. ' "\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0'•\u25a0\u25a0. ' ' ;
* J One of the prettiest affairs of 'the
iday was - the demonstration in.' cookery
by twenty girls from the .Hamilton
\u25a0Cookery Center of San Francisco.' un
der' the direction*' of -Miss I<]lorerice
Woodward. -The programme \u0084 of , the
Domestic Science Association , was las
follows: -?"~' '.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
"The 1 Palate 'of Domestic Science ,in .General
Education." .William Conger \u25a0 Morgan,'. depart
ment at .chemistry.; University •\u25a0 of California. <—
•."Domeiitlc Self-nee inthe Grammar Grades of '
.the 'Public Schools,'.'.'. Miss .Ellen M.'"( Bartlett
acting . supervisor of \u25a0 domestic science, < San
Francisco •\u25a0public- schools." \u25a0.•:- *; -, . ;
X: Symposium— (l)' "Domestic. Science In. the
London - Schools,". \u25a0: . Mrs. • Jean Sinclair- (2) '
"What the '.Women's Clubs CariiDo for-Do-'
meetlc,Science," \u25a0 Mrs. .Milton Eiser,^California
Club;;t<3). "Domestic .Science = in .Training
Schools,"- Miss : Eva ; Henderson; . superintendent
of the Chabot School of Domestic- Arts Oak
land; <4) .."Diet, -Dietetics andth« P.laco' of : the :
Dietitian in the, Hospital,", Miss Mary E .Rob- i
inson. ex-dietltlan, Fablola ; Hospital,; Oakland.'
• Tho * depart men t* of •;\u25a0 music (= held \; ; an ;
interesting; session\in,: the ; Presbyterian!
[church. ;Last ; night^reurilons..were';held i
about Berkeley.^; "V :; ... v '\u25a0\u25a0'<\u25a0 ':• ; !
1 To-day; the -various departments will!:
hold ; meetinKS; in v.Many/.ofl;
thY teachers v.will z take * the ''.excursion '
.trip '; to r;/StanfQrd/^Unlverslty, ! i-.'.whil©l
others-. will -journey -tb.» pointsi of 'inter- 'i
est' about San 'Francisco.' < • .1'?; , ,-'.'j
session Vat. alhambra.
J. '.;' H. Ackerman* and Henry \u25a0 Stuzallo
'^ Address |a]Lar«;e? Audience.' " . .
At the r Alhambra; .Theater : yesterday
afternoon .'an " exceptlona.ily/4 large ?at
tendance; of \wasf present'and
heard .two \ able v talkst.by :f public Z\n
structors.' \u0084ThereVwere,."a, fewj. vocal se
lections-j by/ Mrs. -Grace; Northirup.V- She
opened the^afterhoonV session' •twlth t :"A
Forest/ Song,',V : whlch^shef; rendered in
the most "pleasing \u25a0" manner! "William
Hi Langdon introduced the speakers."
J. 11. Ackerman, Superintendent of
Public Instruction of Oregon, was the
first' speaker introduced. His subject,
"The Teacher Who. Succeeds." was' a
topic which seemed to appeal to his
hearers. Frequently during the course
of his talk he appealed for their rjghts
and was liberal in suggestions as to
how their conditions could be bet
tered. " ' ' ' *,
He opened his topics , by reciting
nine qualifications a 'teacher . should
possess.' 'The speaker .was full of wit
and the "audience had the pleasure of
enjoying some hearty laughs. The
first qualification "he mentioned, '-, and
which 'he -dwelt 'upon to "some extent,
was" the necessity of an instructor en
joying perfect health. He said he did
not believe -in giving teachers too
much ; writing," as it .deprived them of
their time for -recreation. This re
mark was. unanimously applauded.
The "necessity of sleep was :, essential
to get the best"] results from a teacher.
He •believed a teacher; should be hu-.
morous and* able to enjoy a good story
as welLas .tell one.
V Congeniality between teacher and
class had* a 'tendency to encourage
students to do th.eir best. Soothing
voice, ideal inspirations and self-con
fidence were mentioned by Mr. Acker
man as essential qualifications for a
successful teacher.
'. ".'The Reform of Language, Instruc
tion in the Grades" was the topic of
Henry Suz'zallo. instructor in educa
tion at Stanford.- He talked at length
I on the system of teaching in the vari
ous .grades and how knowledge was
'imparted /to the youth who had Just
entered school. -He thought the sys
tem "of leaching- a child in the* early
grades was wrong and ; believed that
"more' thne should be given to silent
.'reading. \u25a0 «.
•>iil«. rinloniU-nli Given Dinner.
'•.The" California school superintend
ents were Entertained at a dinner In the
evening at , the rSt:. Francis Hotel by
the, committee iof'. the National Educa
tional Association, W. H.Langdon pre
siding. Later there was a great rally
of 'the California Teachers' Association
at Golden. Gate Hall, over; which Alfred
Roncovieri acted as chairman. The
speakers were: .Benjamin' Ide; Wheeler,
president; of /the University of Califor
nia; James A: ; Barr, A, H. Chamberlain,
J. ; H. ; Ackerman, Franks B. Cooper,
Thomas 'J. Kirk,'. U D.\ Harvey, A. E.
Wlnship "-and James 'A.; Foshay.
SOUTHEKX MAN MAr FILL
SUPREMIE COURT VACAXCV
Justice Van Dyke Havlu* Been From
•;-' Lb* Angeleii, Owiige Belt .May
.-.' j-'jl "•\u25a0 Be v Given; Place. ' \
The, trend of ''gossip* In political circles
tsjto 'the. effect : that .Governor' Pardee
will, appoint- some well-known lawyer
of Southern- California to fill ; the va
cancy on : ,the -bench of .the Supreme
Court caused by rthe death" of Justice
Van: Dyke. ; V /:
"When elected to 'the Supreme. Court
Judge Van.Dyke was a. resident of Los
Angeles; 'He wasnot a nominee on the
Republican:' ticket.': but the voters, of
Southern^California,, were strong In his
support. ' .- ' ;-. i ";\u25a0
* ' Choice StatluinT.v.
• '• Everything, In-th« line 'of : and corre
spondence! papers.';. Papeteries, ream iroods 'and
pound papers. '% Kob-I-Noor ; and \ Regal pencils."
Berkshire V typewriter i papers ; and : Regal v pens "
'Blank J books. * diaries and • memorandums. In
dex * cards and Mlnr cabinets.,,- Good Sprinting
and fine \u25a0 engraving. 4 . Th« ; best of everything at
moderate' prices.' Sanborn.'Wall ' &' Co./ 741 Mar
ket: street."" V " "... -' ". ' - • \u25a0, '.-:-•.<
Insolvent . Fafmer.
' Ca rloV Eertoluccl.' ; a~ farmer ? of, Bran
nan..lslandi*flled:a petition i;ln -lnsolv -*
enc yfj yesterday '?: i n ; the. Un i ted St i t«a
Disrict 'Court. !\u25a0 He fowes 51655 an.] has
*$41*asspt9. \-- ;"'";\u25a0 ':\ ".v.V;.'
Diamonds
Are increasing:. In. value every. week. The
longerj you defer 'making; your.' selection
the J smaller/ will :',be" r , the; assortment to
choose „ from ; ' and { t he % greater ; the : price
onfdlamonds.:. Largest at
lowest prices. Flfty-slxyea/sar jeweler
in . California; , 'Ar j • Andrews' « Diamond
Palace; ;221- Montgomery^. %,-^TMSSiM
V RAPHAEL.' WEILL.' -SENDS F; CHECK.— '
Raphael ;Welll '• yesterday J sent .'a" check ! for . f 500
to ' be : applied I to ; the . fund | for tbe . Widows*,, and
Orphans' Association -of the Fire ' Department. ' -
•^Murine Byb"; Remedy— -An ~.\ '.Eye Food.'
Sootries and Quickly .Cufes Ailing Eye 3. •
BAKER TRIES
TACTICS OF
ANDREWS
Oakland^ Hunted Lothario
Hides in Heart of San
Francisco With Sinful Mar
ried Woman of Alamecla
PAIE DWELL -WITHIN
APARTMENT HOUSE
Eecreant Printer Who Led
Lulu Brown Into Crimi
nal Paths Spends Money
on Other Majrs Wife
If the clever secret service agents of
L'ncle Sam and the ambitious police of
San: Francisco and Oakland really want
io nrreet Louis W. Baker, -who induced
one weak woman to steal Government
funds that he might spend them on
another^ they should search every room
of a flrst-clasM apartment-house In the
vicinity of Polk and Jackson streets,
San Frnnclsco. \u25a0 ;
-'As the notorious murderer. Andre w»,
lived with and killed a frail woman' ln
the heart of San Francisco, so Baker
has lived for some days with Mrs. Min
nie Nelson of Alamcda In this same
apnrtment-honse. '"\u25a0
From the moment of the news of the
defalcation of Mlhj. llonrn nnil the dis
appearance of : Baker It has been sus
pected br thoite on "the Inside" that
Baker Tins not far away, and that If
found he would be within hailing dis
tance of Mrs. .Veliton. '
Last night an attempt was made to in
terview Baker at the apartment-house
where he dwells, but, though the land
lady admitted he had been there a day:
or two- ago, she ; denied' that any one was
then In the apartments rented by him.
While ; the denial was yet fresh on the
lady's lips, ; a call for ice water was rung
In from the fugitive's apartments.
When the reporter was ushered. to the
doorway of Baker's ; rooms an attractive
and somewhat excited young woman ap
peared and was 'apparently - embarrassed
by questions concerning the much-wanted
Baker. \u25a0' "A" nioment later a white-haired;
and bewhiskered old man, nimble as a
cricket, .poked his patriarchal visage
from an adjoining ; cove .and -announced
that he". was Baker. The .' young lady
closed the door, the senior was told that
he was not the Apollo .wanted and there
was relief on the lioor when the reporter,
went : ' downstairs. At't the landlady's
apartments ' at Hhe • foot |of the stairway,
the real Louis W. Baker was described—
a. young man of good physique and pleas
ant manners. At the house he was
known as J. \u25a0 W. Baker and addressed as
"Jack" ;by his companion.
For more than a year Baker has been
an ardent admirer of Mrs. Nelson, wife of
Madsen, Nelson. The friends jif Baker
and of Mrs. Nelson remarked that their
devotion was noticeable, considering that
both were married. To one of the friends
of the woman she -confessed that Baker
had promised to marry her if she would
get a divorce, explaining at the same time
that Baker had told her he and his wife
had agreed to dissolve their marital part
nership. . V 'i
It. is known that Mrs. Nelson accom-
IVgARKS gROS.
4 Days' Clearance Sale
BEGINS TO DAY
Carloads of Winter Merchan-
dise to Be Swept Out at
50c on ihe Dollar.
\u25a0We'll mention jusl a few of To-day's Clear-
ance Specials and tell you of others when
v you call.
COATS fj °? vK
today *r^Jp! ° I:|\^7
Pictured Coat made with double box plalte,
empire back, trlmmea with velvet collar.
-Comes in blue, brown. and tan; In sizes, 6
V^ to 5 16 years. /
75c Flannelette Kimonos— Mgn
On Qearance Sale To- ££, T\ |J
I Day at .;..... • • "vw
$1.50 -Rippled s Eidrrdown " 4\ f%^
Dressing Sacqufs — On Mffjf*
"Clearance Sale To : Day at v *f"i
s 4 Clearance Specials in
Women's Flannelette Gowns
65c 5 Flannelette Gowns— OQp
:»To-DayV ....... . . OUlr
$jlOO 'Flannelette Gowns - d'Qn
& T»Day;: • y . . . . . .000
$ 1.25 Flannelette Gowns — xQft '^
\u25a0^JTo-Day ; V::y : /-:T;: , v •' •• ' (KfO
il[so 'Flannelette Gowns— - QQ^ ;
, : . :^ • ; • ; \ : i
Come in stripes and solid colors. Trimmed
in good washable braid. All are cut ex-
tra full width. - , ; •,-,';-.:
Clearance Sale of
BWCK SILK MUFFLERS
•\u25a0 \u25a0 (Initials 1 Stamped Fr«e of Charge.)
All $J25 -and $J. 50" Styles— -ftQA
1220-1224 MARKET ST;
I At IHale 9s—siti&s9 s— $ iti&5 SuMs <
Should hold first attention again tojday.'^ Seemed just the pnee
most women wanted to pay yesterday. The values ar \^^
ing. Purposely. We want them aU to go *is week-want
stocks to enter 1906 lighter than they ever started January
before.
And to show how thoroughly in earnest we are to remove
every- obstacle from the buying path this week we wtll make all
reasonable alterations on suits at $ 9 . 7 S and over without extra charge
' Wewantevery one to realize that now is the time to buy a
winter suit, jacket or skirt-that Hale s is the place to save
money. Jacket reductions to $1.25, $i-95. $2.95, $3-65, and "f*f
$15.60. Skirt reductions to $3.25, $3-95, $5-50. and up to $15.00.
Note — M r y of these >, new .? rlceS tiS C^r e th-wl ha f d°r"ther cA let a the vSSes
invite— prices, so we haven t quoted worm — we v.**** •«
themselves talk for their own unusual ness, \u25a0
A Great Sale of R "ns
INeW OIIKS Are offering rare, opportuni-
To introduce the new depart- ties for those who want to buy
ment. return gifts for \ears
subject the values to the hardest day. Wcwish to emphasize
comparison test — as regards quality tt-_t t-_ fnrt stron^lv, for it means
and price. Prove to your owm satl3- Lllc iay -*- z "- lv &- > -
faction that you are saving 25 per «;q much.
these ° S \lks- USl ' al ° n many ° f f For All Card, and Calendars,
inesc suks. , Tha original prices are
-Chameleon Silk*. 60c yard: 2« lncn«p *£•> tin i-f \u2666 on them. Pay half
wide; a good 75c quality; pretty '-f - ° ll d be am onsr those to
: color combinations. PfICC snap them tip while they
Glnoc Pean de Cysne. 60c yard t 19 t last. Main Floor.
' S",-oT-!?. f .;-?°''-« brl " lant: "'" ro»r o» AU To r . (except wheel
a2S3£SE!2f The b.au.,fu. t V^Vi% k &° II
l?Jg2!% il Mny "' tho "'""\u25a0• Va o. a» d— \u25a0»\u25a0„,. f. w
Black Peau de Sole. 450: Htavy. vel- nff ' China. Cut «i aM . Brlc -2" E^^
voty. all silk; a deep, rich black. \J\\ Lamps. Globeai ** on. ioo.
45c yard. Basement.
' on All Hard Celluloid Pieces:
-. X-N r^ . Fancy boxes of all kinds.
lflO \^/\ 1 r*s handkerchief and glove boxes.
Kid Gloves 38c A Hale
A bargain. As long as they GlOVe OrdGT
last. 7 For the return gift. Redeemable In
r,-,,- o«,l fon Q; 7/.c7 /.c el/ anH anr merchandise in any Hale store in
Gra\ and tan. isizes 5/2 ana gan FranclSCO( Sacramento. San Jose.
5^4 and 6, for women. Splen- Petaluma. Stockton. Los Angeles.
did gloves that are snapped up; r-r /S7 **?&
quickly when we can get them ' jif/ JgSb® <&£aL
These spotted and soiled: some of /gf — -z?zrXZZ£~*^^
them so you can scarcely notice It. All I=l -^ €M*%n
of them 3Sc pair.
And some prloves for girls, sizes 4. Tvv'o FntranreS Market, nr. «th
\Vz, 5. &Vg and 6. 38c pair. 1 VVU CUIUIILCS 6th. nr. .Market
panted Baker when he left San Francisco
last Saturday for a supposed destination
near Petaluma. In discussing the gay
printer with . her friends from time to
time Mrs. Nelson has said he was "good "
to her, but she always said he made the
money he spent out of his printing busi
ness, which he represented to her as very
prosperous.
Miss H. Lulu Bowen, who stole Govern
ment funds for Baker to squander In for
bidden paths, lies a nervous wreck at her
home. 612 Merrimac street. Oakland.
A dispatch from Oakland at an early
hour this moraine says that Baker ap
peared late last night at the residence
of a printer named Frank Corey and
asked for lodgings for. a few days. Corey
told htm there was not room and soon
thereafter Corey notified the police of
Oakland. Within an hour the police of
Oakland and Alameda, as .well as tb.e
Sheriff of the county, were on the fugi
tive's trail.
ANNUAL FEAST
OF CALIFORNIA
CLUBWOMEN
LAURA BRIDE POWERS
1 The annual breakfast of the California
Club— the usual feast in honor of the
silver-haired founders— was celebrated
yesterday in the auditorium of the club's
new home on Clay street, when 200 guests
foregathered to do them honor.
• Stunning gowns there were in plenty
and loads of pretty furs— evidences of an
o'er generous Saint Nick, who seams to
have left more beautiful furs In town
than ever before.
Gathered together at three long tables,
strewn with hollyberry and agleam with
ruby lights, the great hall was gay and
the air a . pretty babel. '
Through the buzz three musicians, led
: by the charming Mr. Jaulus. contrived to
send forth a few melodies that wrought
respect for their art and repose to tongues
—that is to . some tongues, for it takes
more than- a- Jaulus symphony to sllenca
some tongues that you and. l do know.
The luncheon was admirably manipu
lated by Mrs James C. Crawford, assisted
by Mm*e. Emilia Tojetti. Mrs. J. B. Mitch
ell. Mrs. Charles A. Warren and Mrs.
Charles Fonda. v
Mrs. Lovell White served with distinc
tion as toastmistress, presenting the fol
lowing speechmakers— which were, by the
way, about six too many:
Greeting Mrs. Aylett R. Cotton: 'To the
Fonnaew." Mrs. E. U Baldwin: "From the
Founder*," Mrs. Hay ward: "Sens tive Souls.'
Mr* . JanW. Orr; \u25a0™t°™Hy i or ™™ T *"* i *
l'eople and Teacups." Mrs. Louis H. Long;
-Two View Polnt*-Wh!ch Is Yours?" Mrm. W.
A Maddern- "Our Illusions. Mrs. Aaron
SchloS T "Club Reporte." Mr, Emll Pohll:
"Th». Press " Mrs. Laura Bride Powers; "First
Lo?e or Last." Ml-s Bird WUaon: "Charge of
the Fly« Hundred." Jenn» Morrow Long; "To
the President," Mrs. John Russ; bon mots, Dr.
Amy Bowen. Miss Susanna Patch.
' Mrs. George Bates was billed to hare
told about "Man's Failure as. a Poem."
but' Illness prevented a demonstration of
this disheartening revelation, and the
guests went .home . happy, still believing
that. man is a poem — sometimes. ..
Taken all In . all, the toasts were . pithy
and sharp, with a lot of wit and wisdom
sprinkled through 'them, but fully half
couldfhave been dispensed with and th©
guests get- their moneys worth. \u25a0
: But , women's feasts are not the only
feasts wherat • too much one-tongue talk
is loosed. It's \a fault of nine-tenths 'of
the semi-public luncheons and dinners,
and is. of course, due to a desire to <io
honor to the' bidden folk. And It's a truly
funny, thing that we who rail most
against long programmes .are never
caughti refusing to lengthen them.
\u0084 A Christmas gift to the" club of a picture
was made by Mrs.' Hobe, Mrs. Sara
Reimer— who is-n«ver found bankrupt in
a matter of words— accepting It upon the
club's -behalf. . ,
Jenrie Morrow Long's "Charge of the
Five ' Hundred" was * one : of the cleverest
caprices . of the ; afternoon. \ It : was a par
ody upon Uhe advance upon"* Congress of
800 clubwomen* pleading in behalf of the
Big Trees." who J were met by Speaker
Cannon and abruptly told to run away
home. "J^HPBPHbhB
t The "poem"— for which ; apologies . were
abundantly offered to the shades of Ten
nyson—was "\u25a0_ a clever construction from
the muse of. MTs-Lovell. White. ;',
Distinctly • was the af ter/ioon one of v the
red-letter, days of the "-year, and the affair
wlllgo down in: the annals of the club as
the first; feast spread under 'lts own roof 7
tree 'in honor, of the founders. ,
A ipity that all the pretty \u25a0 things : said
qf the dear men; could not . have reached
their ears/ : But no!— in that; case a - cer
tain ; ex-president, - a certain preacher and
ascertain college: professor; might have
heard «qme;Mnpretty. things. r .
\u25a0 SUNDAY-SCHOOL - ENTERTAINMENT.
An " entertainment;- will .be , given this evening
at St \u25a0 \u25a0 Francis . Hall. * Montsomerj" \u25a0 avenue \u25a0\u25a0 and
Vallejo ; street, for the -benefit oi St. Francis
Sunday-srchool. . >
Japanese Usea a KnlXe.
31. Sequti, a Japanese cook, was ar
rested on the ship W. B. Flint on Tues
day \u25a0 night by Detectives Conlon and
McGowan. On Sunday night btjf
stabbed Frank Colegrove of 219 Tenth'
street on Dupont street. He will bo
charged with assault to commit mur
der.
Rash In your copy for 1906 printing. Edward
Knowles Company, 24 Second street. •
FLUSHERS A SUCCESS.— The Board of
Works ba» inaugurated a plan to clean Mar
ket street from Second to East with flushes.
The plan Is found to be a succeas and will be
extended to other districts.
FU Bj J j \B fu I K3 0 DJ «
iS »' Ml bi El Ba I *KH
c'^^tSgl )1 1 \j S*k^ J^Be'"'? -
1.. XEWMAX. President and .UanßErr
39 STOCKTOX ST..' AEAR M^VRKET
TELEPHONE MAIX 6522.
OPE3T EVEJfIXGS IXTIL SEAV
YEAR'S.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AM) SATUR-
DAY SPECIAX3.
Victoria HI end Tea. per lb 45c
Re». 60c. Cnequaled for delicacy ot
flavor.
Ideal Flavoring: Extract*. bottle..2of.
Regr. 23c. Vanilla. Lemon, Raspberry.
Strawberry. Pineapple. Almond.
Choice Creamery Batter. IH-Ib.
tanare. 43c: 2-lb. square 5Sc .
Dependable quality; honest weight.
Ensllah Walnut*, per lb 15«
Reg. 20c. Large size; *o(t shell.
Cryntalltzed Glnser. oer lb 15c
. Rey. 20c. A deilclgus Oriental confection.
French Sardines. Hi rice ttn 20c
Rer. 25c. The genuine Marie Elizabeth.
Best Cider Vlnesrar. bot. lOci cn1..30c
Reg:. 13c and 4lk.\ Absolutely pure.
Flnnnn Haddle* per lb 15c
Reg. 20c. Shipments received dally.
Chocolate* and French .Mixed
Candy, per pound- box 35c
A holiday assortment; 60c quality.
Choicest Xavel Oranses. dozen 25c
Reg. \u25a0 o3c. Larse. sweet and Juicy.
Household 'Ammonia, pint bot... 15c
quarta 25,.
-'Reg. 20c and 35c. Parnona' triple
strength.
Ideal Laundry Soap. 7 bar* for. .25c
- Rejr. 8 bars 25c. Tha best of washing
soap 3.
Holiday Toilet Soap*, box 3 cakes.2sc
Reg. 35c. English Bouquet. Sandalwood.
.White , Clover. Arbutus. An ide*l New
Tear's gift.
Blue Enamel Ware, porcelain lined.
% off rexular prieet full assort-
ment. . jpnjM
Fine Old Rye and Mellwood
Bourbon, per bot. 75c: 5a1...53.00
Reg. $1 and $4.
Rare Old Jamaica Ram. oer bot . . 75c
gallon . ; ' $3.00
Reg. *l and.*4. *^
Famtlr Bourbon, bot. 60et ca1..52.50
\u25a0 Reg. T3o and $3.
White Wine, per xallon 40c
> Reg. BOc. Vintage. 1900.
French and Italian Vermouth. •
per bottle 80c
Ree. eoc.
Sweet Wines, per bot. 25ci caL.fl.OO
R«g. 33c and $1 50. Port. Sherry. An-
gelica, Muscatel.
THE OCVLARIUM
1906 Models
..French Automobile..
MasKs and Goggles
Price $1.50
HENRY KAHN S CO.
C 42 3IARIiET STREET
CATARRH. obcs Ears
U M I H II II Up cured by
r^= *«« w Antlseßtio Method.
ON E WEEK FREE.
Dr. Cottin^hzim
nCATMCCC " Jtpm "a Ear. Norn
Hours ,10 to i.
CARTERSI cure sic^ headache^
. EHiTTLE Genuine Must Baar
1 dhFK I Fac -S«mile Signatura